PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANGISCO/' TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— XO. 14.
TWO FACTIONS ENGAGE IN BITTER
STRUGGLE FOR THE CONTROL OF
ILLINOIS DEMOCRATIC MACHINE
ABOLPH GOLDM AM, A MERCHANT,
IN A TOWERING RAGE SHOOTS
EX-MA YOR SNO W OF OAKLAND
CHAIRMAN OF THE REPCBIJCAV N* AT1ONA I> 'COSOil ITfcJL A>*T> TWO DE2CO- I
CRATIC LEADERS WHO FIGURE I'ROinVEXTL.T IN THE FACTIONAL I
. STRIFE THAT IS RENDING THErR PARTY IN ILLINOIS. ;
War News Continued on Pace 3.
SYDNEY. N. S. W., June 13. — The
Premier of New South Wales, Sir John
See, has resigned. He is retiring from
public life. Thomas "Waddell. the
Colonial Treasurer and Minister of
Railroads, will form: a new Cabinet.
Premier Resigns His Post,
Extensive Naval Programme Ap
proved by Czar Nicholas.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 13.—Rus
sia's naval programme, rlnally ap
proved on Saturday at the meeting be
tween Emperor.. Nicholas, the Grand
Duke Alexis and Vice Admiral Avellon
for the next ten years. Includes twenty
battleships, ten armored cruisers, ten
first-class and protected cruisers and a
number of torpedo-boats and sub
marine boats.
TWENTY NEW BATTLESHIPS
LONDOX. June ' 13.— Daniel Froh
man has signed a contract with the
boy violinist, Franz von Vecsey.; who
has this year been the sensation of
London and. the Continent, for a four
months' tour of the United States,
which will begin in New York in Jan
uary next.
Boy Violinist to Tour America.
CHICAGO. June 13.— Postmaster Gen
eral Payne, chairman of the Republi
can National Convention. . arrived fn
Chicago to-day and at once, began
preparations for the committee meet
ing on Wednesday. Chairman Payne
was accompanied by Speaker Joseph G.
Cannon, who has been, hosen for pre
siding officer of the convention.
Most of the forty-five members of
the national committee will be on the
ground to-morrow. There will be a
meeting of the executive committee In
advance" of the meeting of the general
committee.
•A' number of Visconsln ¦ political not-
Republican National Committee W'lll
Meet on Wednesday.
LEADERS ARE ASSEMBLING.
On October 1 the case was dismissed
by Police Judge Fritz upon the mild
statement of Goldman that he and
Snow were good friends and had al
ways been such, but they had a little
dispute over some business matte; and
Snow had become angry. The Judge
rebuked the two litigants and told them
In the future to stay in Oakland and
quarrel.
to prosecute Snow civilly and criminal
ly. Snow was afraid Goldman would
do him some personal Injury and ap
pealed to Chief Wlttman for protec
tion. He told the Chief that Goldman
had annoyed him to such an extent
that he had been forced to leave Oak
land and remove to San Francisco, and
that Goldman had once displayed a big
butcher knife, saying that he would
enjoy drinking a cupful of the Snow
blood.
ST. LOUIS. June IS. — A character
istic letter from Samuel L. Clemens
(Mark Twain), written before his
wife's death, was received by Presi
dent Francis at the World's Fair to
day. In part it follows:
VILLA DI QUARTO. Flrenz. May 2\ 1304.
Dear Governor Francis: It has been a d«a?
wtsh of mtae to exhibit myself at th« great
fair and get a prize, but circamstancrs be
yond my control nave Interfered and I mast
remain In Florence. Although I .bav? nearer
taken DrUes anywhere else. I m»i to taka
them. in school In Missouri half a c«nmry ago.
and - 1 oturBt to . be able to repeat them now
if I could have a chance. I used to get ta»
medal for ' good spelling every week, and I
could hav»- had tha medal for good conduct
if there had not been so much comiBtion ia
Missouri in those days; still. I got it sev
eral time* by trading medals and grving boot
I am willing -to give boot now. If — however.
those days are forever gone by now and per
naca It is better so. Ncthtng ever stirs th«
way it warn, in this chang*abl* world. Al
though I cannot be at the fair. 1 am joins
to be re-resented there, aayway. by a por
trait by Professor GeEf. Toa will find it ex
cellent. Good Judges say ft la better than th«
orUrtnaL They say It has all th» merit* of Ua
original and keeps stm beside.
It «o>iiu!s I:i.s Cattery, bat It U Just trM,
CHARACTERISTIC LETTER
WRITTEN BY "TWAIN-
BUENOS AYRES, June 13. — An in
surrection has broken out In the
province of San Luis and the Gover
nor has been imprisoned.
Rebels Imprison Governor.
Fourteenth Annual Reunion of For
mer'Wearers of Gray Attracts
Old Soldiers.
NASHVILLE. June 13.— Nashville Is
crowded to-night with visitors, .veter
ans and delegates to the fourteenth an
nual reunion ; of the United Confeder
ate Veterans, which will open to-mor
row.
It seems to be the general impression
that General Stephen D. Lee will b«
elected unanimously j to succeed Gen
eral John B. Gordon. V
CONFEDERATE VETERANS
ASSEMBLE AT NASHVILLE
Women Plan Amalgamation.
CLEVELAND, June. 13.— The national
heads of two , women's organizations
the Rathbone Sisters and the Pythian
Sisters, at a conference here to-night
prepared a. definite plan whereby the
two. societies are to be amalgamated
JACKSON. Miss.. June 13.— Delegates
to Wednesday's Democratic State Con
vention are arriving. Parker haa with
in a few votes of enough to obtain an
Instructed delegation.
3ti<>sls3ippi Is for Parker.
INDIANAPOLIS, Tnd., June 13.— A
cable from Chefu to-day announces
that fears " are entertained for the
safety of Hector Fuller, the Indianap
olis News' staff war correspondent,
wlio left thare recently to make his
third attempt to enter Port Arthur. He
was last seen on Friday by Stanley
Washburn, staff correspondent of the
Chicago Daily News, with whom he
had arranged to communicate his
movements. He was then leaving the
Maiotao Islands, forty-nve miles south
of Port Arthur. It is believed he has
effected an entrance into Port Arthur
or has been captured or drowned. Sec
retary of State Hay and the Russian
Government have been notified.
Correspondent for an Indianapolis
Newspaper Disappears.
WAR WRITER MISSING.
Reaper Claims New Yorker's Brother
While Latter Is Speeding Across
Continent to Be«L$ide.
4URSHALLTOWN. la., June 13.—
Elias J. Kempner of New York to-day
made a- vain attempt on a special
train to reach his dying brother In
Denver before death came. He re
ceived a telegram at Belle Plalne, la.,
announcing his brother's. death."
Between Clinton and Belle Plain
Kempner*s train made 112 miles in 101
minutes. / *V\--
DEATH WTNS IN RACE
WITH SPECIAL TRAIN
-The problem of problems is to get a humanity
that Is energetic and militant— that is restful.
The world needs men who can observe the ap
proach cf tremendous coming events as the
engineer does the engine and still remain placid
In the face of this force.
Freedom is something to be won. Men are
not born free. Every power into whose con
trol a man .comes Is - a conquered freedom.
Tbere are no equals In this unlvers* cf God's.
God Is no socialist
CHICAGO, June 13.— Dr. Frank W.
Gunsaulus. who delivered the bacca
laureate address at the Auditorium to
the graduating ''aes of Armour Insti
tute, said:
There was never a more Interesting false
hood than "all men are created free and
equal.' The Declaration cf Independence was
the work of an h<*ir of intense excitement, and
on every national anniversary this phrase Is
mis«qu'jted because, when it is taken from its
conttrxt. ft 4- false. N
Students of Armour Institute Hear Re
markable Baccalaureate Address
at Graduating Exercises.
"MEN ARE NOT BORN FREE."
SAYS EASTERN ORATOR
Governor Pardee will be absent about
six 'weeks. He will visit in New York
City, go thence to- Washington *nd
from ' that city will go to Ohio and
Michigan to visit relatives, after which
he will take in the St. Louis exposi
tion and then come home.
Lieutenant Governor Anderson had
a long consultation with the Governor
to-day concerning affairs of state and
the conduct of the executive offices
during the Governor's absence.
SACRAMENTO, June 13. — Governor
Pardee announces that he will attend
the Republican National Conventit-12
and wilL leave with the California dele
gation Wednesday. '-During his ab
sence Lieutenant Goxernor Anderson
will fill the executive chair.
Mrs. Pardee will accompany the Gov
ernor, as also their two eldest chil
dren, Florence and Madeline.
Governor Will Go to Convention anil
Be Absent SLt Weeks.
PARDEE W1LJL ATTEND.
PREVIOUS TROUBLES.
The trouble between ex- Mayor Snow
of Oakland and Adolph Goldman first
came before the public on the night of
September. IS. 1&03. when the latter
made a vicious attack on the former
official. ¦ The encounter took place in
front -of Snow's residence. 914 Eighth
street, Oakland, and the ex- Mayor was
j severely beaten before the two men
were separated. Goldman accusd Snow
of owing him money and refusing to
pay and the argument over the debt
had passed to. blows. Snow made a
statement to the effect . that Goldman
had hounded him ever since he was
Mayor.' and that Goldman was ex
tremely anxious to. strike up a friend
ship, which -was offensive. He also
stated that Goldman followed him to
, this city, and while he was living here
mid* himself a general nuisance. Snow
j closed his remarkable statement by de
claring that 'he believed Goldman to be
partly, insane.
A few days after Goldman had Snow
arrested on a warrant from Police
Judee Fritz on a charge of criminal
libel. Goldman's attorney stated that
a civil suit would be instituted against
Snow for $5000 and for the recovery
of $750 which was alleged to have
been loaned to Snow. The libel was
contained in the following account
sent, it was claimed, by mail by Snow !
to Goldman:
"A. Goldman, to R. W. Snow, Dr.
"For services in Oakland and San
Francisco as special attendant during
attacks of temporary Insanity from
March. 1902. to date, 51000; less cash
received, $650; balance, $350.
Goldman denied the bill, denied the
insanity charge and threatened loudly
DAUGHTER TELLS STORY. ;
\ MI?5 Gertrude Snow, the daughter of
' the wounded man, remained at his bed
side last night. She suffered severely
j from the shock, but was able to make
t the following statement:
My father met this man about three rears
j a*o. He has been the bane of poor v>apa'» IJ!>
j ever pinoe. In fact, he has terrorized alf our
j relatives and friend*. Because I urged rny
I father to take any m»ans to get rid cf him.
j Goldman threatened my life. • He learned my
j opinions of himself from a letter which he
• took from rny father's pocket. I had to go to
1 Santa Clara to llTe because he told papa that
I he would kill me If I did not leave. I intended
[ to leave for Manila to escape thie persecution,
t What happened to-night I have expected for
I seme time. In all my father haa taken three
I revolvers and several razors from Goldman.
Saturday papa emptied a revolver carried by
the fellow and rave the cartridges to Officer
VS. J. Cavanaugh. .-»....
I think that Goldman Is. insane. Otherwise.
1 what is the motrreT He says that he Is Jeal
ous of me. He did not want my father even
to write to me. If he had only waited I would
have gone away.
To-nlsht i was walking with my daughter
on Post street when I saw Goldman. Know
¦ ins tbat he hated rny "laughter and fearinj
! for her. I went with the man. at his request.
• to the Hotel Clarendon. I was remonstrating
j with him and he seemed penitent. I entered
, the place at his request and sat for a few
minute*. He asked me to send my daughter
'¦ away and I refuted. Then he cursed my rela-
I tlves. I tried to back away from him. He
»«ir*w a pistol and flred. I fell with a wound
! la my bead. As I lay on the floor he contla-
I ued to fire and two more bullets took eSect la
I i=y back.
Isijoct him, but I ccuH . not do- that, knoxrtn-;
him to be unbalanced m«ntal!y. My dauirhter,
I rry niece and .myself -have- ataest acquired the
I hafcir of looking backward because of this
j rr.t::.
At the Waldeck Sanatorium ex-May
or Enow made the following state
nsect:
I Cr*t tnrt ttl» m«n. GolSraan. three years
ago when I was Mayor cf Oakland. He came
to a*k a favor cf me. Since that time he ha*
coetlnoed to pers«-ute me. I could go no
where without b«!ng followed by h!rn. Ofua
I went to tb* country to escape hli attention j,
Isut b* -rooH locate rae somehow. H^ haa
palJ liii' rone for Information •¦ to my
whereabout-. "Yhea I went East he managed
to leave on the -amc train. I have reasoned
wt£b htxn and pleaded but to bo purpose
m«s£s oT Jdxm muggtmtti that I oucht to
Last night the two men met on Pest
street and Snow accompanied Gold
. man to the Clarendon, where the latter
lives. There was some conversation In
the lobby of the hotel and Snow started
to *»alk to the rear of the halL Gold
man called upon him to halt, at the
tame time drawing a revolver. The
next Instant the merchant fired In the
direction of the ex-llayor. The third
ballot brought Snow to the floor and
Goldman, seeing him fall, hastened to
his side and fired two more ehots, both
cf which took effect. One bull«t struck
Snow in th<j side of the face, inflicting
a Blight wound, but the other two en
tered nls back and may prove fatal
He was first treated by Dr. Frank-
North and later removed to the Wal
deck Sanatorium. Goldman tried to
escape, but was followed by Edward
Rose, clerk of the hotel, and captured
at gutter and Mason streets.
Goldman presented a picture of ab
ject dejection In the city prison. "We
met fourteen years ago," he said, 'and
?•verything went well until his .daughter
Interfered. I have ruined my business
providing the man with money, but I
do not care for that. Ever since his
daughter returned to this city three
days ago she has b<?en influencing her
father against me, and last night aftfr
tn argument I ehot him. I think I had
a right to do cw he tool- r shrit at me
about two months ago while I waa
Ji-i^j on Grant arenuf."
EX-3IAYOR*S STORY.
In explanation of the deed Goldman
tells an extraordinary story. He
fc.cts and talks like a degener
ate and his mind is rapidly
weakening under a strain of dissipa
tion. Between sobs and shrieks he
tuld ol hi* Jealousy and hatred for Miss
Ilirtha Snow, who was trying to rid
her father of his companionship.
Goldman eays he is on the verge of
bankruptcy from providing Snow with
funds, and that the amount the latter
owes him is now between three and
four thousand dollars. Goldman asserts
that Enow took a shot at him fn a
ivdging-house at 23 Grant avenue about
two months ago and the story of the
landlady of the place and a bullet hole
lend substantiation to this story.
FIRES FIVE SHOTS.
Ex-5Iayor R. W. Snow oi Oakland
v- as shot and dangerously injured by
Adolph Goldman, a cutlery merchant
of the «a*ne place, at the Clarendon
Hotel on Post street, last evening. The
shooting was the result of Goldman's
ctrargt irfatuation for the ex-official,
•v.hich has existed for a number of
years and brought about a series of
arrests and suits that have claimed
the attention of several courts.
SPRINGFIELD. I1L. June 13.—Can
didates who are to be nominated in
the Democratic State Convention which
is called for to-morrow at noon have
been thrust into the background by the
bitter factional fight which has broken
out for the control of the State ma
chinery- The selection of a candidate
for Governor and the Question whether
Illinois shall send a delegation in
structed for Hearst occupv a large
section of the background, when com
pared with the problem whether John
P. Hopkins of Chicago shall retain his
position at the head of the State Cen
tral Committee or be deposed and his
power given to Millard- Dunlap. Theo
dore Nelson and other men who are
actively working to promote the inter
ests of Hearst.
\That Hopkins and certain of his fol
lowers jump into oblivion and allow
the world to forget them has aroused
the wrath of the Hopkins faction and
it is talking to-night of forcing Hearst
to accept an indorsement instead of
an instructed delegation, and. perhaps,
something even less valuable than an
indorsement. , i ¦**'
The fight will open ..o-moiTOw on the
question of the selecting of a tempo
rary chairman of the convention. The
attitude of a large number of delegates
Is an unknown quantity, even to the
managers in the fight. The primaries
were held May 6. and now both sides
admit that they are not certain of the
exact number of men they. can .con
trol The Harrison, men from Cook
County, who are for Congressman Wil
liams for President, are supposed to
number 160, and they amount to little
save In the possibility of being able to
throw the balance of power In the
event of an even- break between the
Hearst and Hopkins factions. ;/*: r
Lawrence B. Springer of Lincoln.
William Prentiss of Chicago and W.
C. Crolius of" Jollet are the leading;
candidates for Governor.
The State Central Committee to-day
selected Frank P. Qulnn of Peoria for
temporary chairman of the convention
£nd if Hopkins controls the convention
to-morrow his appointment will be
made permanent.
" The sub-committee to- which was
referred the hearing of contests wa-i
in session the greater part sf the
night. 1 The contests were mainly de
cided In f-vor of the Hopkins faction
»nd it is estimated that all told 150
Hopkins delegates will be seated.
The sub-committee of the Republi
can National Committee, which haa the
arrangements for the national conven
tion in charge, held a meeting to-nigh*,
and went over the work already done,
and completed all the remaining de
tails for the convention which -will
meet next Tuesday. Chairman Payne
expressed himself as well satisfied with
the work of the committee and szid
everything at the convention hall wai
practically ready for the convention.
ables are expected to-morrow Mid
"Wednesday. An attempt will b« made
to get the leaders of the two "Wisconsin
factions before the national committee
on Wednesday and effect a compro
mise.
Another detachment of the Japanese
fleet, according to Admiral Togo's re
port, discovered four Russian torpedo
boat destroyers in Talienwan Bay,
near Shaopingtan, and drove them
back to Port Arthur. More than sev
enty mines have been destroyed in
Talienwan Bay. Thirty floating mines
have been found and destroyed. Some
of these were drifting into Pechili Gulf.
Tvo men who were taken prisoners
by the Japanese while on their way
into Port Arthur report that two Rus
sian regiments, numbering in all about
5000 men. arrived recently at Mancha
lin, Vafangow and Vafangtien. The
prisoners *ay that large numbers of
Russian troops are coming south from
Mukden every day.
On "Wednesday. June 8. a detachment
of the fleet bombarded and dispersed
two companies of Russian troops who
were on Kaiping Point. On Friday an
other detachment of the fleet bombard
ed the enemy for two hours near Ying
chintsu and Tsantiakao, inflicting
much damage.
Continuing, the admiral says that
the captain of a foreign vessel, that
lett YInkow on Wednesday, June S,
reported that the recent Japanese
bombardment in the vicinity of Kai
ping, south of Newchwang. caused
Russian forces to the number of 3000.
with twenty guns, to evacuate Yinkow.
TOKIO, June 13. — A long report has
been received here from Admiral Togo,
in which he covers the operations of
the fleet since June 6 and repeats his
former account of the bombardment
of the west roast of Liaotung Pen
insula.
Ku->ian- From Mukden.
Admiral T050 Reports Movement of
TROOPS POURING SOUTHWARD.
Chairman Hopkins Resists Hearst's De*
cree Consigning Him to Oblivion.
High administration officials to-night
virtually admitted that a Cabinet po
sition had been tendered to Metcalf,
but said that his acceptance or declina
tion had not yet been signified.
Postmaster General Payne expects to
leave the Cabinet soon after the elec
tion and it is expected that Cortelyou
will be appointed Postmaster General.
NEW YORK, June 13.— The "World
has the following from "Washington:
The President now knows that Embas
sador Choate will not accept the At
torney Generalship. It may be offered
to Moody, though it is quite generally
understood that Representative Victor
H. Metcalf of California will be given
a place in the Cabinet, either to suc
ceed Knox as Attorney General or
Cortelyou as Secretary of the Depart
ment of Commerce and Labor when the
latter resigns to become chairman of
the Republican National Committee on
July 1.
Special Dispatch to The <"*»
FQEUr P. M ATOP. OF OAKLAND. -WHO "WAS- SHOT : AND SERIOUSL.T IF NOT
FATALLY . YTOcTNDED "LAST NIGHT IX THE CLARENDON HOTEL. HI3
ASSAILANT. AND THE'NEBVY NIGHT CLERK OF THE HOSTELRY.
Former Official Claims to Be Victim of
Insane Man's Infatuation.
• Massacres are feared in many other
places. Shops have been closed for
three days past at Bitlis. while at
Diarbekir a. d Sassoun reserves have
been sent for by the authorities to
suppress any disorders.
The patriarchs applied to the palace
for *.id for the wounded and starving,
but the only reply received was, "Ail
is finished." .
CONSTANTINOPLE. June 13.—Ar
menian patriarchs have received in
formation that an trade has been is
sued by the Sultan, which has resulted
in wholesale massacres and destruc
tion of Armenian property. The new
irade prevents th* settlement of Ar
menians in the villages destroyed.
According to the official order, they
must settle- in places on the plains in
dicated by the Sultan. The object of
the operations of Turkish troops in
the past has been to clear the Armen
ians out of their mountain homes,
where they were more secure than on
the plains.
According to the information receiv
ed, two days were devoted to massa
cres. May 16 and June 3. On these two
days fifteen villages were destroyed in
the district of Chetass and twenty-two
in the district of Hian. Of a popula
tion aggregating SOW persons, 2000 were
massacred. "Women of the villages
who disappeared during the massacres
have been recovered by their husbands,
but most of the girls who disappeared
have not been seen since.
Special Discatch to The Call
Two Days Devoted
to ...MMer-pI Ar
' ;rr menians.
THOUSANDS
MASSACRED
BY TURKS
The Tokio correspondent of the
Standard says that the extension of the
Korean Railway to Newchwang is con
sidered necessary for military purposes.
"A private telegram received here
says a large Russian fleet, composed of
forty large and small warships, prob
ably the Baltic fleet, has passed the
island of Bornholm, to the south of
Sweden, following a westerly course. It
cannot be ascertained whether this is a
trial trip of the fleet or its actual de
parture for the Far East."
Commenting on this dispatch the
Daily Mail says the probability is that
it is merely a practice cruise of part of
the fleet, as most of the Baltic ships
are known to be In a too-backward
condition J«i-pu*-«t* -""'" V^iji^r^r •'*—
The 'of.fc,
Standard "says that "the Grand Council
has been formally instructed by the
throne to 'protest to St. Petersburg
against the incessant robberies by^ Rus
sian troops and the outrages commit
ted by them on the Chinese in Manchu
ria.
LONDON. June 14.— The Daily Mall
publishes a dispatch from Hamburg
saying: >
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1004. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 14.
The following official statement
of Russian losses in the war has
been issued:
Navy — Forty- f oar officers and
920 men killed: 13 officers and
220 men wounded.
Army — Thirty-six officers and
980 men killed: 103 officers and
2080 men wounded; 20 officers
and 696 men taken prisoners.
Doubt as to Whether They Are on
Practice Cruise or En Route to
the Far East "
Forty Vessels of All Sizes
Sighted From tlie Island
of Bornholm.
Russia's Baltic Sea
Ships M Sailing
-Westward.
WAR FLEET
OFF COAST
OF SWEDEN
*" "fcs^TKE VTZ ATBXB. !
" "Tei«c*it- ¥ ts»4« it Se Trta
cltco' %r thirty hotxrs «adlar
•aiiai^ht.jTise 14:
,..£u Fraixisco *a4 riclaitr—
jralr/Tuesday, wltb loy ta th«
ncraiajc 'aa* at al*bt; trlsk'
irertexly wlads.
•^X^ A. O. ifcAHTB.
**^ Oistzlet PowcMttr.
The San Francisco Call.
r ¦ TBB THf'ATE»g^
Alcmnun Xixat," /
OataMn* O etorois.'y
mm-mWaNTTiB Proud Trtac*."
Qxmaid — "Da Birrr- 1 *
Orphrain— ?»udrriH«.
METCALF'S
ELEVATION
IS CERTAIN
CaMneH ffltolt Is
Tendered le I
Alamedan;Bunker Hill Day.
Ft. Luke's Battalion • and friends at Monte
Rio, amons the redwoods of the Russian River.
•• on Bunker H1U day, "June 17. - Train departs
I at 7:45 a. m. 'Sausalito ferry)." Return at 7:55
¦p. m. . Round trip $2. Prettiest . rida in Call
1 fornla, . Tickets and Information at (29 Market
street. '- ¦'• •-.-. -. r. . .- -' . ", ¦ • ¦¦ ¦
Though' the v 6oclety. for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children has decided
to give Fireman August Engelke a
medal for saving the life of little* Laurie
Massa at a burning house at 29 Vande
water street, his claim . to ¦ heroism is
nowcontested. Councilman W. J. Bac
cua of Oakland says he was the-res
cuer. He said last'night:
"It was, I. who chanced to be in the
neighborhood; >who : ran up • the ladder
and found the >hild,: with nothing but
his undershirt on, kneeling near the
window sill. Just as I got the boy out
the fireman reached the ladder, having
climbed from his window to the ladder,
and as he was below me I gave him the
child and he carried it down.' I ascend
ed to '' the place where I had seen , the
child on a combination flre ladder that
I got from a fire wagon. Some one tried
.to pull the gladder . away from me, but
another, one ihelped me."
Engelke says he did not see Baccus
at all. v V-.".» •
Engclkc's Claim Disputed.
COLUSA, June 13.— Jack Spencer,
aged 24 years, manager of the New
York Swings, which have been -here for
two weeks, was drowned ln th? Sacra
mento River thlf^afternoon. Spencer,
with several others, was bathing. Be
ing unable to swim Spencer amused
himself by holding' to a t>arge rudder.
Losing his hold on the rudder, he cried
for help and several boys went to. his
assistance. One, named Moore, was
assisting him when Spencer became ex
cited, grabbed Moore around the neck,
causing both to sink, i Moore broke
away and swam to the barge. Spencer
then gave one cry and sank. His body
has not been recovered. \ {
Pleasure Outing on Sacramento River
• Near Colusa J las a Tragic
Ending.
YOUXG 3IEX GO, SWIMMING ~
AND ONE IS DROWNED
CHICO, June 13.— Samuel Faulkner,
one~of the old residents of eastern
Butte County, was killed this after
noon while teaming on the mountain
grade about ten miles from Orovllle.
He was on the seat of his wagon at
tending to the brake, • while his son,
riding a wheel horse, was driving. The
brake broke on a steep pitch. and the
wagon went off the grade, throwing
Faulkner down the hill. A quartz mor
tar, weighing 12,000 pounds, rolled from
the wagon and Faulkner's head was
caught between this and a tree, crush-
Ing his head. v
Accident on Mountain Grade Results
in Tragic Dentil of Butto
County Farmer. \
MAN FALLS FROM
WAGON AND IS KILLED
JUDGE CHURCH ON" PTTHIANISM.—To
morrow evening George E. Church, eupreme
prelate of the Knights of Pythias, who Is also
Superior Judge of Fresno County, will be ¦ in
this city and addresa Alemanla Lodge' of that
order ln its hall in the Pioneer building. Judge
Church la an eloquent speaker anJ the mem
bers of the . lodge have Invited their brother
knljrhts to listen to what he will say on
PytbMinism. ¦ . ¦
WASHINGTON, June 13. — The Sec
retary of the Interior to-day withdrew
113.000 acres of land from .settlement
in the Buffalo and Lander Uistricts in
Wyoming on account of the Shpshone
irrigation project. • .
Wyoming Lands Withdrawn.
Christian Scientists View Gift.
CONCORD. N. H., June 13.— Christian
Scientists who had come from the an
nual convention of the mother church
in Boston to Concord to-day, inspected
the new First Church of Christ, now
building hrre through the gift of jnore
than $120,000 by Mrs. Mary Baker G.
Eddy, and gave Mrs. Eddy an affec
tionate greeting.
» ? »
NEW YORK. June 13— D. O. Haynes an
nounces that he has disposed of his Interests
n ihe New York Commercial to Edward I'ay
; on Call, formerly publisher of the Evening
Post and more recently of the Evening Mail.
SAN DIEGO, June 13. — Thirteen of
the seventeen members of the city
Hoard of Education at a meeting, to
night adopted a resolution requesting
Superintendent Davidson to resign. He
declined to do so. The aboard there
upon passed a resolution reducing his
salary to $300 a year.
Want £ui>erinteiulent to Resign.
PORTLAND, Or., June 13.— Mrs. Jare
Abraham, who, with her husband, the
late James Abraham, homesteaded a
half section of land upon which a part
of East Portland is now located, died
liere to-day ln abject poverty, aged <5
years.' Until a few years prior to hid
death James Abraham was possessed
of a large estate, but in his declining
ytars became a religious enthusiast
and gave almost the entire property to
the church of which he became a mem
ber. After her husband's death Mrs.
Abraham recovered a. small portion of
the property from the church, but the
amount was dissipated in attorney's
fees and liquidating debts which she
.had contracted after Mr. Abraham's
death. .
Aged Widow Passes Atvay Surrounded
by Property Given Away by
Her Husband. v
WOMAN ONCE WEALTH Y
DIES IN ABJECT POVERTY
In an interview with Officer Creed he
said: "The whole affair is one I dis
liked very rhueh. iAvas doing my duty.
I tried toget the "commuters upon 'the
boat i so 'that we" could start out. j The
tlme'was up ari'd^jrang'thealarmbell.
iTh'erq- were about* thirty -young men
ori the^apron.' They would not allow
the apron to be raised, so I proceeded
to shove them back. "
"One fellow swore at me and I
slapped him. He struck me in the face,
and as I grappled with him to take
him. off the boat about twenty others
Jumped me. One man hit me over the
head with a satchel, while others kicked
and beat me." I defended myself the
best I could. I had no club, so that I
was soon overpowered." "
Other employes of the company who
were on the boat and saw the trouble
claim the encounter was unprovoked
by Creed.
General Manager Rank when seen at
his office claimed to know nothing of
the details and refused to make a
statement beyond the fact that the
company was investigating the matter.
Upon arriving at San Francisco Sher
man immediately took the return trip
to Sausalito and had Creed arrested
upon a charge of assault. Sherman
claims that Creed reached to each hip
pocket for a revolver, and later It was
found in the side pocket of his coat.
All those who witnessed the assault
were of the opinion that Sherman had
acted rightly x and that Creed was In the
wrong.
SAUSALITO, June 13.— Because John
Creed, a gatekeeper at the Sausallto
end of the North Shore Railroad, be
came too officious in the discharge of
his duties a small sized riot "on the fer
ry slip took place yesterday.
It has been the custom of the com
pany to allow a little time for the pur
pose' of picking up late - commuters.
Yesterday morning, without warning;
so It Is alleged, the boats were started
sharply on time. It happened that the_
boat which was to leave at 8:18 yester-T
day ha,d arrived from San Francisco a
little late and had not got rid of Its
passengers by 8:18.
After unloa'dlng the passengers there
was Ti rush from the outside for the
ticket windows by commuters who had i
hea/d the Bignal "all aboard." John :
Creed dosed the outer gate, debarring
many people who were striving to en
ter the building, and attempted to hur
ry the crowd inside on- the boat.
Frederick R. Sherman and Arthur
Gejssler, both of Sherman, Clay & Co.,
were among the crowd. Young Sher
man resented the language Creed" used,
and upon remonstrating Creed, struck
him a blow upon the temple and an
other in the mouth. Sherman swung a
right/which landed on Creed's Jaw, and
Creed clutched him by the throat, forc
ing him back to the railing. At this
Juncture Gelssler Jumped In to separate
the fwoy Creed then released his' hold
upon Sherman, . and grasping Gelssler
ran him across the wharf and backed
; him .heavily against the wall. While
this was happening excited passengers
were striking Creed with fists and
canes, one man wielding" a heavy dress
suit case against Creed's head. The
second officer and two ¦' deckhands
Jumped in to help Creed. They suc
ceeded in driving the passengers on
the boat with the exception of young
Geissler, who remained in Creed's
clutches. '
NEW YORK, June 13.— The an
nouncement that-the Cunard Line had
met the cut in steerage rates which Its
opponents had instituted was to-day
the chief topic among steamship men.
The line had hitherto steadily^ main
tained that it would never recede from'
its standard rates and this recession
was token to mean that a bitter war
Of steamship rates will now be on. Ver
non H. Brown, general American man
ager of the Cunard Line 'authorized the
following statement:
"The Cunard Company has declined
to come down to a ten-dollar rate be
cause Its Views are in accord with
those of the immigration officials with
reference to keeping out undesirable
classes. This rate is sufficiently low
to attract the scum of Europe, and it
is very evident that a large proportion
of them will have to be deported as the
immigration officials are thoroughly
alive to the danger of permitting them
to land. Something like sixteen thou
sand steerage passengers are now on
their way to this- port and of this num
ber it is estimated that at least ten
thousand are those who have booked
passage since the J9 60 rate for steer
age passage went into effect."
The vessel which brought the first
consignment ,of the cheap rate voy
agers had almost half of them stopped
at Ellis Island. :
Special Dispatch to The Call
Bitter Struggle Predicted
to Follow Fight for Pat
ronage of Cheap Voyagers
Row Starts When the Special
Policeman Makes Attempt
fjtoj Eject Man From Boat
Yoro is a small place about 100 miles
from the Atlantic coast. The rising in
dicates that another revolution is brew
ing in Honduras in opposition to Presi
dent Bonilla because of his action in
causing the incarceration of ex-Presi
dent Arlsr- and six members of the
Chamber of Deputies. -
NEW/ORLEANS, June 13.— News of
the killing of General Venegas, com
mandante at Yoro,'- Spanish Honduras,
reached here to-day by steamship
from Puerto Cor tez. General Venegaa
was killed ln a political rising between
followers of the present administration
and Conservatives. General Venegaa
•was shot by one of his soldiers, who
turned traitor at^he approach of the
general's opponents, who opened fire as
they advanced on . the commandante's
headquarters. The plot had been care
fully planned, and when he resisted his
own men turned their weapons upon
him.
Srtocial Dispatch to The Call
/
President Bonilla Arouses
Enmity by Imprisoning
His Political Opponents
FREE FIGHT AT FERRY
SURPRISE IS OCCASIONED
CIVIL WAR PROBABLE
Recedes From' Its Standard
Rates and Meets Cut of.
Rival Shipping Companies
Revolutionary Outbreak in
HoMuras Results in Miir
der of General Teiu'gas
Gate Keeper of North Shore
Line Thrashed by Passen
gers and Then Arrested
CUNARD LINE
REDUCES FARES
OFFICER BEATEN
BY COMMUTERS
TRAITOR SLAYS
HIS COMMANDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO^GALL, TUESDAYv JUNE- U, 19U4:
2
RAIliWAY TRAVEL.
I CALIFORNIA fJ
I LIMITED TO CHICACC H
E LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS |
» at !>::JO a. m., tliranglx In 8 days, Pj
E wltli diner aad all trapping*. KJ
Other Santa re Tralni:
7:30 a. m. 1 f or Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld.
8-00 *" m'J Merced - Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:0O d. m. for Stockton. f
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot, S. r. Alao 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 South First St..
San Joie.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEE
UN FRAKCiSGO AND NORTH PAGIH3 •
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAW FKANCISCO TO SAN EAPAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 8:00. »:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35, 2:30. 3:*0, 6:10, 5:50, 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
.SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30. 3:40. 6:10, 6:30, .1:30 p. m. .*
SAN BAFAEL TO SAN TRANCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:6a 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:00. t2:00. 3:40, 0:00. 5:20.
' 6:25 p. m. Saturdays^ — Extra trip at 1:45
SUNDAYS— «:50, 7:35. 8:20. 11:13 a. m.; 1:45.
: 3:40. 4:50, 5:00, 5:20. 6:25, 7:50 p. ta. tEx-
¦ espt Saturdays'. • ';* • '
Leave I . In Effect I Arrive
' San Fran. | . "May 1. 19O4. | * San, Fran.,
Week I Sun- 1 Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days, f' tlon. | days. | Days.
7:H0a 7:45 a 7:43 a
¦7:30a S:i»»a 8:40a S:4O a
8:00a 9:30a Ignaclo. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:0O p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a - 7:45 a 7:45a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 'a 10:20 a
2:30 p 0:30 a Fetaluma 6:20 p 0:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 pj 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p|
¦7:30a| 7:3fta| 10:20a 10:1) a
8:0Oal8:0Oai Fulton. 7:25p 6t20p
2:30 pj 2:30 p| ¦ 8:45 p 7:23 p
Windsor,
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20a
Lytton. •
2:30 p 2:30 p GeyservlIIe. 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a! 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:23 p[ 7:25 p
I I WiUlta, J I
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. S | 7:23 p| 7:23 p
8:C0a| 8:00 a| Guernevllle and 110:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30p|j^amp Vacatlon._| 8:45 p 6:20 J>
8:00 a 8:00 al * I 8:40 a| 8:40 a
5:10p 9:3Oa| Konoma. f 6:0Opl 6:2O p
5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 8:45 p|
" 7:30s| 7:30a[ 110:20 a[10:2O a
2:30 p| 2:20 p| ScbastcpoL | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for TV'hlt*
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at GeyyervHle for Skagffs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
villt» nnd Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Sprigs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay.vLakeport and Bartlett <
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga !
Springs, BlueLakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Spring*. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John . Day's, Riverside, Llerley"s, Bucknell'a-
Sanhedrin .Jlelghts, HuUvllIe. Orr** Hot
Springs. Halfway House, Comptche,- Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal; at Willlts for Fort Bragg,
Westport, Sherwood, Cahto, Covel», Layton-
vllle. Cummins. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsens,
Dyer. Garberville, Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu-
reka.
i Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • ¦ .
On Sundays — Round-trip .tickets) to all points
boy end San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office, 600 Market street, ChronicU
building.
JASv'L. FRAZIER. R. X, RYAN.-
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
ROSS VALLEY, '
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
• Depart Irom San Franci»co, week days, at
6::tO 7:10.-7:45 8:30. 9:15, 10:00, 11:(X) a. m.
(11:40 a. :n. Bausaltto only). 12:20, 1:43, 3:13.
4-00 4:35. 5:15. 0:50, 6:25. 7:15. 0:00. 10:20.
II :;>3 p in- Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at 7:10. 7:45, 8:30, 9:15. 10:00, 11:00. 11:40
a in 12:'J0. 1:CO. 1:43, 2:30, 3:15, 4:00. 4:33.
5:15. '5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15,/«:00. 10:20, Il:a3
V Arrive at San Francisco week da>-s, 6:17.
7 00 7:33. 8:13. 8:45. 0:33, 10:20, 11:05 a. m..
12:C5. 1:23, 2:50. 3:35. 4:20, 5:03, 5:40. 8:15.
«:05, 7:60? 10:05, .11:85 p. m. On Sundays and
legal ho/ldays extra trains arrive at 12:43.:
2:t!5, 8:50 p. m. . ,
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a. m.. i
3-15 p m. 6:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays i
and legal holidays at 7:45, 8:30. 9:15. 10:00,
11:00. 1 1 :40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00, 1:45. 2:30. 7:15
and 8;15 p. trains# .
7:45 a. m._faily — Cazadero and way stations.
9:15 a. m.~ Sundays only— For Point Reyea.
3:15 p. nu, dally except Sunday— For Caxa-
dero, etc. - •"•
6:15 p. m., dally except Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point Reyes, etc. • •
7:15 p. m.; Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc. "-
i 8:15 p. m., Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc.
', TICKET OFFIC1-J— 626 Market at. -
FERRY — Union -Depot, foot of Market at. ¦
RAIL WAY TRAVEL.
vJ\T^W^v Ir»ln» 1«*v« »ad »r« <!»•
taUp^pZJ SAN FRANCISCO.
>^^^ I FKK3T T>ZTOT
¦— (Toot of Market Street )
I.>«r, - MAIN LINE. -ABMTT
7.00a VteATliie. Wtnten. Rumser 7>M*
7430a Benteta, SaUon. RlmLra aad Sacra-
mento 7-20»
7 J0a Vallcjo. JJufa. Calistocx. SanU
Ko*a. Martloex. Baa Kamon 820»
730a Xlles. LlT«nnore. Tracy. L*thro^
Stockton 7.20*
8-0OA 6ba«ta Express — ( Vi» Darts).
Wiiitmnt (for OarUett 3prtngt>.
Wtllowt. tfruto. Kad BltUt,
.. Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7.50*
8. COX D«tU. Woodland. KnUhu Landing.
M»ry«Tllle. OroTtUe 7-8e»»
8-30A Port Costa. Martinez. Antioeh.
Bjron. Tracy. Stockton. Hew-
man. ¦ Lot Danoa, M • n d o t a.
Armooa. IInn:»nl. Vlialla,
PoTtcrttJle- 4.21}f»
g.JOA Port Cotta. Latbrop. Modesto^
Merced, rresno. G«»Qe» Junc-
tion, Ilanford, Tlsalla. Bakers-
field 4-88*>
130a Nl'.es. S>»n Jose, Llrermor*. Stock-
ton. (»Ml!ton). loae, tiaeramento,
Pla:ervt11e. MarysTille. Cblco.
n«d Bluff 4.2UP
8.30a Oaki!alo. Chtneae. Jsmesrown. 8a- __
nora. Tnolmnne and Angela 4.Zu<*
8 CCa Atlantic Express— Oifde» »nd East. 11.20a
8-30a Richmond. Uartlnex and 17 aj
Stations 8-5O
10 00a The OTsrland Limited — Usttea.
¦ D«ot«t. Omaha. Cklcago. B.zuP
lOCOAValleJo,:.... .? 12^0*
10-COa Lo* Ansroies Passen««r — Port
Costa, Martlncx. lijran. Traor.
Latbrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Gosben Juao-
tloa, Hooford, Lemoore. Vfsalta,
Bskersfleld. Los Aosetea 72Ci»
12.00m HajwArd. Nfles and War Stations. 3.2CP
-ti-OOPSacrsmentoRlTer Steaniera. fli-OOi*
J30P Beatcla. Wtater*. Sacrament*
Woodland. Kntgbts Landtag.
MaryiTtr.«. Ororllle and way _„
stations 10.50a
S-3CP BaTward. Nil rs and Way Stations.. 7 50 f»
3-JOp Tort Costa, UarUnez. Byron,
Traey. Lathro?. M o d r • ( o.
Merced. Bersmla, . Fresno and •
Way stations beyond Port Co»t» 1Z-2up
3-30p To««T.!te Valley Ala Berenda and
W<»ona ..,. 860a
S-ZOp Martinez. Tracy. Stockton, Lodl... 1020a
4.CBP Mart!nrx.S*n Unmnn. VnlleJo.Napa,
. • - Caltstosa. fiaota ItoM. "t5 A
4 OOP SHea. Tracy. Stockton. Lod! 4^Cp
4.30P Haywnrd. Sllea. irTlnrton. Ban I tS.6O*
Jose. Lt»ennore ) Hl.oOA
6 COP The Owl Limited— Sewman. Lot .
lisnos. Mendoia. Fresno. Tnlare.
*./. Bakersdeld. Los Angles. 8.50a
B.OOp Port Costa, Trft«y. Blocktoa I^SO* 1
tS 3Cp Ilayirard. S lies and San Jose ..... 720*
•¦OOP Hayward. Rneaaad Saa Jos«. 9 bO*
8-CQp Eastern Zxpreas— Odd^a. Dearer.
Omaba. St. Lonls. Cnlca^o and
Easr, via Port Costa, tiaisun,
Elmtra. Davis. SacnmaaW, Col-
fax. Kene S23»
S.OOp Tallelo, dally, except Sunday I 7 K «_
7.00P Vallejo. 8nnday onjy f '-° aR
7 .OOP Ktcbmond, aan Pablo, Port Costa,
Martin** and Way Stations 11.28a
7 C0p Oregon Jt Callforala Express— Sao-
rnmento. MarysTtUe. Beddtag.
Portlsad. Pugrt Bonnd and Kast. 8-50*
8 C6p Ur no Pascengar— Port Cost*. Sal-
sun, Elmlra, Dar!t, Sacramento,
Trnekee. Laka Tshce, and Way
Stations beyond Sacramento.... 7.50A
8.1 Op Day ward, N ties and San Jose (Soa-
daronii> ....; 11.80*
COAST LINE <!Urr»w Waan).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7.45a SantaCrozlxcarsiontSundayoaly) 8.1 0^
8.16a Newark. CenterTllle. Baa Joss,
- -Felton, BonlderCraak, Biz Bull.
Saata Crns aad Way Stations... ESS*
tS-ISA Alverado. Newark, Saa Jose. Loa
Batoa.Glenwood. Felton, Hoolder
. Creek, Big Basin. Saata. Crui.... 8.1Q»>
12.1S*> Newark. Caaterrlll*, Saa Joee,
, New Almadea. Los 6atoa,Felt<»a,
Boalder Creek. Santa Cnu aad
Principal Way Stations 13-55 A
4.1 Sp Nrwark, Saa Jose, Loa Oatos aad
way stations t8.85A
4.1 Bp Wright, Feltosi. BovMer Creek awt
Santa Cms. Sararday and Sanday .
. only ;... f-MA
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN MtA.NClitCO. Fuot of Market St. <3U ? it
-t;:13 »:U0 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 00 6.15 r*
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:0O 18-M
18.03 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 400 P.M.
COAST LINE (Braad «Ja««;.).
_ fJ" (Tlilrd and iownsend Straeta.) " •
6-1 0a San Jose and Way StaSona 8-31 •
17 00a San Jose and Wny Station*. 6-4Cp
7.16a Monterey and Santa Cru» Exear-
j. slon (Sasday only) 10.30t»
|4)0a New Almadea (Tnes., Frld.. only), 4.10i»
ICOa Tbe Coaster— Stops only San Joto,
IOIlroy (connection for Bollta-
ter), Psjaro, CastroTni* (eoa-
necttoa to and from Movterey*
and Pacific Grove), Saltsaa. Saa
Ardo, Pas* Roblea. 8aat* Mar- ¦ ¦
f artta- Saa Lois Oblsso, >rlnclpal
stations tnenct Surf (ooDneetloa
for Lompoc), principal station*
tbenc* Santa Birbara.San Buena- ' ' .
ventara. Montalvo, Oxa\rd, Bur-
b.ak. L*. Anjr-!-» 10.43*
t.COA tan Jo««". Trea Plnoi. Capttola,' - >. -
. fi»ntaCrna.Paciac(irove.8allnaa.
%a Lnls Oblsp* aad Principal
• Way Stations 4.1(rsi
IO^Oa Ssa Jose aad Way Stations. 1.20»
11-JOA Santa Clara, gaa Jose. Los Qstoi
aad Way Stations 740*
I^OpSan Joae and Way Stations 8.38a
tJCCpDrl Monte Express — Santa Clara, -¦ -
• Saa Joee, Del Moat*. Monterey.
rr ( PaelOc Qrove (connects at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for Santa
i Crui. fioalder Creek aad Narrow
- » Gau«e Points) 12-15#
I^0*» Pacific Orovq Way Paaseuirer. But-
¦ Ungame, Saa Jose aad Way Sta-
tions, connects at Gtlroy for Hoi-
lister, Tres Ptao*. at Pajaro for
Capltola, Santa Can at Castro-
?111- (or Sallnaa/ • 10 45»
4.30p Pan Jose and Way Stations tS-OOA
t5 OOP BanU Clara, tsan Jose. Los Uatos.
Wrtgbt and principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) »9 00*
(6 33p San Jose aad Priuerpatwsy Station* 53 40*
6 45p Sanset Express.— Bcdwood. Saa
4ose.Qllroy.Sa'.lnas,Paso Koblea,
6«n Luis Oblspo. Sanu Barbara,
Los Angeles, Demlng. El Paao, -
• Kew Orieana. New Yorlc. Coo-
necti at Pajaro for Saata Cnu
,«n<l at Castrovlll» for PadSo "
Orot* and War Station* 7. 10*
16 15p eaiiMat(o,Beretrnrd.Balmoni,Saa
Carlo*. Redwn«d. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto tS.4S»
8 30p San Jose and Way Station*. 8 38*
8C0p Palo Alto and Way Stations 10-15*
It.SOP South SanFnadsco, MUlbrse. Bar-
llngame, Saa Mateo, Belmont,
Eaa Carloa. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Memo Park, and ralo Alto 9 4S»
«1130p Wayfleld. Muoauin View, Sunny-
vale, Lawrence. Santa. Clara aad
San Jose t9-4S*>
A lorMorolo«. P for Afternoon.
iSnnday axcepMd. J Sanday only
a Saturday oal*. • Monday only.
I Scops at all stations oa Sunday.
tVOnly trains stopping at Valencia St. aoataboind
a«i:10 *.»„ 7:00 a. m^ 7:19 a. m.. 11:30a. ¥., $:J0r.m,
l:U'f.M. and i-.Wr.u.
WEEHJJAL],
"16 'Pages. 61 pep Ycaff
AJD «} EKTISEMENTS.
B0RAX0L0GY
There are different de-
grees of cleanliness, just as
there are degrees of good-
ness. You can be just
passably good, or you can
oe really good; so you can
be passably clean, or you
can be -really clean — like
the Boraxologist. When
you wash £ anything— no
matter what it is— if you
will add a little Borax to
the water you'll not only
lighten the labor, but get
a degree of, "cleanliness
impossible with soap and
; water alone. Borax dou-
bles the power of soap and
water to cleanse and puri-
fy. • Imitatidns are worth-
less and often injurious.
See that you get
20-MULE-TEAlVr
BRAND. It's pure. For
sale at drug and grocery
stores everywhere in -J,
and 1-lb. packages.
' The fatnoiM "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES
FREE to purchasers of " 20-Mtle-Teiru " Bortx. ,
At stores or sent for. BOX TOP and 4c. in stamp*.
Pacific Coast Borax Co., New York, 'Chicago, San
Francisco. -
¦ ¦ ••Mule-Team— Our Trade Mark. ! \
* OTUUJI * To Bta Y Cured. Cause re-
ft\l n [V| l\ moved. Health restoVed. '
r *" ¦ ¦¦¦»¦'!• No more Asthma or Hay
niiPFn ™£- ¦ 8o< * m Free<
uUilLU p - HAROLD HAYES.
RAILWAY TRAVEL ;
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leare Ti» s»a«iliu ftrrj Arrive -,v
Ban Frauciioo V**t «f Iirfcrt ft. Ban Frauclnco
We«k Sun- ¦ J "^!|fc"' ' 8un-' Week
Day». day.. jfSfifP&W d*y«. Day.
8:30 a KS«ii8»»i 12;45p* 8:45 x
':.... 10:00 a WSSgBm. 2:05 r*<t:OS a
10:00a 11:00a W^iSW^T 3:35 r 3:35 p
1:48 t 12:20 r 6:40 p . 6:1 8 i
6:16 r 1:45 r yzSsf 6:15 r 10:05 i
f"V;..V.t'. 4:38 r ' "^Qf 8:50 r ;.:¦.....
* Tla tmity far." ' Taml^U U Mill Mler.
Ticket 1626 Markkt St. (North Shore Railroad)
Orricss laud Sausalito Ftuuy, Foot Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
818-820 Market St: San Francisco
X\ur Hnithlp Flav FREE-US. Postage Stamps
4JUr UOUDIC Uay .. DoubIc oa Wednesday"
Is Wednesday... °" A " *>«***** J n °" r
- . ¦* Stationery Department
AMEKICAJT BEA.TJTJT GZKSIiE . __.. - f on _ ._ mrtl .o c rOB
' tape ccbset. toamt of 20c or more Free
Straight-front, steel, French- shape, 91.25-
and Jlnished with satin ribbon: In worth $1.75 to J2.50. Fine White
white, pink and blue. SpeciaL.^Oc Lawn Waists, with beautiful
HIGH OBASE COSSETS.' ' trirnminps of embroidery and
AnotheT-arrivBl of Wgh grader all- tucks. Special £1 .25
white Corsets; some long waists SHIRT WAIST SETS FREE.
and some extra long. Resrular J)5<»
price $1.50; special 75c Worth $1.50 to 12.00* Whitfe Lawns.
X.A VZCTORZA PRESTCK CORSETS. with lace yokes and fancy
Regular price JS.OO; Fpecial.. #1.75 sleeves. Special :.....: J)5c
TRpMFSOirS GZ*>VE-rZTTING . ZCECKWEAR.
' * CORSETS * A Pau . tifu ' " ne> w orth 35c to 50c.
Regular price $1.60; special •>. '. 95 c • Special"*. . . . _. .25c
R. & O. CORSETS.' CHITPOW.
Full line. Bpecial 81. OO All shades, good heavy body and
Foot Stools ' hi&h luster. Special per yard.'.25c'
H Price. OAS STOVES.
/¦ r >?^i!*it~*-49 Flec-ant Foot These Stoves are the most nickel-
fe^^S^fi ' s^"'' ls ] ° ln - P^ted sawed burner stoves on the
QT^/^Ha uTh e oIsYer 0 e U d r burner. n* g . $1.75; spec, ffi.an
\ Ovli # assorted col- - „ .. «-»J : .. §^-^j»
J vv 1 ors. metal legs. 3 * 3d0 ' , S.J.19
Kilded. made to SHELF PAPER, AI.Ii COLORS.
sell for $1.00, and well worth it; on The fancy, pretty kind.
sale while lot lasts 50c 5-yd. length; reg. 5c; special 2
ASTROZ^ZCA^BZRTHZ.AT lo'yd. length;" reV- VocVspec^;.^.
Truthful readings of character for TUVJTSa AT PRICES,
every day of the year; a splendid WITH STKAPS, 84.95-
thing for an evening's entertain- ¦¦
ni'iu. -^--jgaS^S^^^. A good, strong'.
BOOKS AT 1-3 PRICE. R|^S^ " elnvas" eo^ere'd
Wh«n Knighthood AVas in Flower. fc!^ | *V T~j1M "and painted
¦ * legantly bound in cloth and nice- i^fefclZ 25 !*" with foul-
ly illustrated, at 5Oc VsJOi3Wb5 S hardwood slats
OTHERS AT THE SAKE PRICE: -^ S^riFZiLJB on t0 P and tw o
T'nder the Rose, by Isham. * — all around
The Puppet Crown, by MacGrath. body, set-up
Janice Meredith, by Ford. tray and covered hat box. iron
David Harum, by Westcott. bottom with three slats, good lock
The Right of Way, by Parker. and bolts and corner bumpers and
In the Palace of the King, Crawford two stout straps. 28-in. . .84.95
Mississippi Bubhle. by Hough. SO-in. . .JX5.45 33-ln.;:ft5.95
Graustark. by McCuteheon. 34-in. . .$<>.45 36-in. . -#<».95
Dorothy Vernon. by Charles Major. A higher grade if, you want liner
Quit-ante, by Anthony Hope. finished all through: v
And 200 other Copyright Fiction. ,, 1n a - ,,.- , 4 fn <e ._
published at $1.50; on sale at..5Oc 3--m. . >, ..».^ 34-in. . .$8.45
Send for list. 36-in. . .J5S. 95
See Thursday's Chronicle for other Not to be equaled at the price
specials. ' anywhere. »
SBTVES, RAZORS AMD SHEARS &UOUHD AND REPAZRED.
PICTURE FRAMES OF AZ.Zj EESCBIFTIOETS MADE TO ORDER.
PAXNE'S CELEBY COMPOXTWP-
¦••¦pmrF'BFUL 'AGAIN."
: ' ' " " ' p.VtVr'uVc' " ' ~~~\ THe Joy "of WXe Was Olven Back to
I . :, .'.,;¦ PITT :;: , ..1 1 TUli weary Girl *y the Cel«-
f • • ' - X brated Jf erve VltaUser
tf : PAINE'S CELERY
ill I ! IT GIVES A1MOST IHSTAHT ETTECT.
illj ' "With perfect confidence tired, ron-down women
¦ ; :?ii| ! and girls may take Palne's Celery Compound.
II ¦ > secure ln the certainty that It is wither a patejit
SIS ' medicine nor a 8ecr?t. Every ingrrsdlent of this
Wi\ «reat remedy is known by every respond!*
¦ ¦ physician in tha land, and prescribed by TSem
•SS- " constantly. The great remedy — formulated
fil'i first by the eminent Professor Edward E.
S:-;v: ( phelps M. V.. LL. V., Dartmouth University's
-»x-5 1 , Great Phvslclan — is compounded of gentle
tti$£$$i$ «^-' * P medicaments prescribed daily by the -hlghe«t
''¦W&$< ' ' U - !i members of their profession.
' li-i-i I - ¦ "M ' ' ' #I have much p leasurc ln teUlng you h ? w
' \$$it ' \S - - :-^" m uch I owe to Palne's Celery Compound. For
! f*ffl& r :' I ¦ J' ' £ " several years I suffered m much from nervous-'
, •:/'?';¦; ' '(•', pj ness and sl^plessness that I was about tired
' ffll&i- lit* - ,! < - *" " of living. Talne's Celery Compound not only
iSi&S i_ % iX-1 * b »ia! Quickly gave me back health, but has restored
1 . ~.V .....11 ¦ c-m I all myfermer cheerfnlnew and Joy of living."
Miss LENA M'MILLEN. J McMmen . No . i 8 E.^hth st.. Pltta-
<»»»»•»»•»«*»•* »¦••»••*** burg.
' ' Go to your Druggist TO-DAY—
Get one bottle of Paine's Celery Corn-
pound-See how DIFFERENT it will
make you feel. •
"THPID T1DCT 1 AUP"
I iilLiK rlKi 1 LU V E.
I One of the Sunday Call's beautiful art supplements in black and white will be v
; issued free with next Sunday's edition. ¦* The art picfares issued by The , Call are far
J superior to anything of the kind ever offered by a newspaper in the great West. _' v , . .
"THEIR FIRST LOVE."- Size J4xJ0^ inches.
' * ¦:.-• FRAMING INSTRUCTIONS.
A very effective way to frame picture "Their First fcove" would be to' frame in
close with two or three inch Flemish brown oak and burnished gold or in ebony and
burnished gold. A i-inch molding with V2 54-inch mat to match would also be very ¦'¦"¦¦ .
suitable. ¦ • - . :¦
Buy the Great Sundav Call. Sold by All Newsboys, News Agents, Etc.
PRICE 5c PER COPY=
Notify this office if you fai] to secure a paper when asked for.'ST. rrrriSRSHURG. June 13. — Rus
sia will not heed the British repre
sentations in regard to the action of
the Russian/Government in declaring
rice and other foodstuffs to be contra
band of war.
tion Is Strictly Neutral.
Russian Press Admits That This Na-
AMERICAN ATTITUDE PLEASES.
CONDEMNED MEN MAKE
BOLD BREAK FOR LIBERTY
Timely Arrival of Guards Frustrates
Darin? Attempt of Nine Felons
, to Regain Freedom.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, June 14.— An at
tempt was made by four of the nine
condemned men at the penitentiary to
escape at 1 o'clock this morning by
overpowering the guard. The guard
was badly beaten but two guards from
the Hall came to his assistance and the
prisoners were forced back into their
cells; and locked up.
RUMOR WILL NOT DOWN.
~ff Port Arthur.
Russian Consul Reports Fight at Sea
ST. PETERSBURG, June 13.— The
Russian Consul at Chefu reports the
persistence of rumors there of a sea
fight near Port Arthur. His report is
on a line with previous reports to the
effect that two Russian and four Jap
anese ships have been lost. The ulti
mate result of the fight is not stated.
Each Day Adds to the Strength of
Kuropatkin's Army.
REINFORCEMENTS ARRIVING.
LIAOYANG.' Sunday. June 12.— The
army here is increasing rapidly, a fresh
squadron arriving dally.
Only a comparatively short distance
separates the Japanese . and .Russian
armies and the soldiers are anxious for
active operations to begin.
CASH TO PAY DI VIDEN DS
OF NORTHERN SECURITIES
Hill Notifies Stockholders of Company
That Money Is on Hand to.
Meet Demands.
NEW YORK. June 13. — J. J. Hill,
president of the Northern Securities
Company, has issued a circular to
stockholders of the company, in which
he says cash to pay the dividend de
clared on May 2 has been deposited in
bank by the Northern Pacific and Great
Northern Railroad companies, and that
payment thereof will immediately fol
low the distribution and formal trans
fer of the railway shares.
Bispham Sine* in London.
LONDON. June 13.— David Bis
pham at St. John's Hall to-day made
his first and only appearance in Lon
don since his return from a' tour of
the , United : States. His song recital
was attended by a large and enthusi
astic audience.
CHEFU, June 13.— According to the
captain of one of the Japanese cruisers
blockading Port Arthur, the Russian
cruiser Novik has been out of the har
bor on several occasions pursuing Jan
anese destroyers. The captain thought
that the obstructions at the mouth of
the harbor prevented the exit of the
larger Russian vessels.
According to the Japanese, the Rus
sians have three submarine boats,
which presumably have been put to
gether at Port Arthur since the begin
ning of the war.
Port Arthur Harbor.
Novik Frequently Ventures Out of the
RUSSIAN CRUISER ACTIVE.
The epy estimates the total strength
of the Russian forces, including the
sailors, at less than 30.000 men. There
are many sick and wounded. There is
food sufficient for two months.
NEWCHWANG, June 13. 6 a. m.— A
Chinese who was smuggled by the Jap
anese into Port Arthur to act as a spy
and escaped from there seven days ago
was arrested at Newehwang last night.
He said that the Russians were work
ing a large force of men day and
night repairing the warships. They
expect that the work would be com
pleted in a fortnight. Four cruisers
under Golden Hill (at the entrance of
Port Arthur), have their guns trained
landward to assist in repulsing a land
attack. The channel is partly cleared,
but Admiral Togo's blockade is effect
ive.
Captured Spy Tejls of Present Condi-
tions in Port Arthur.
MANY SICK AND WOUNDED.
; NEW YORK. June 13.— Albert Foster,
whose recent troubles with his wife,
Ann Stetson Foster, resulted in her
sudden departure with their one child
from the Hotel Algonquin, several
weeks ago. have culminated, accord
ing to an -affidavit of Foster on file in
the Supreme Court, in an action by
him to obtain a divorce. Foster's
troubles began during his absence in
San Francisco on a business trip re
cently.
Hushnncl Mies Notice. That .He Has
Institnted Proceedings for a
Legal Separation.
DIVORCE SUIT FOLLOWS
FOSTER'S ROW WITH WIFE
LIAOYAXG. Sunday. June 12.— Two
wounded Cossacks, each wearing the
Cross of St. Geofge, have arrived here.
They tell a thrilling story of the fight
near Taku3han. Thirty-nine Cossacks
were sent to^reconnoiter the enemy's
position. When about five miles from
Takushan they were suddenly sur
rounded by Japanese. The Cossacks
charged with lances and were met
with a volley from the Japanese, which
resulted in the dropping of twenty
horses, the killing of two Cossacks and
the wounding of six others. The dis
mounted Cossacks scrambled behind
their comrades' saddles.
With nearly every horse in the com
mand carrying two men, the CoEsacks
charged three times, and, though
pierced by many wounds, they cut their
way out and rejoined the sotnia.
Cavalry Cuts Its Way Through Su
perior Force of Japanese.
% GALLANT COSSACK CHARGE.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 13. — The
general staff has received the follow
ing dispatch from Major General Kar
kevitch, dated June 12:
"There was no change on June 9.
June 10 arid June 11 in .the positions
of troops in the neighborhood of Va
fangow station (Liaotung Peninsula).
Small outpost skirmishes occur daily.
The attempts of the Japanese to drive
back our posts south of Wangfang
tien have been checked by the for
ward movement of our Cossacks.
"All is quiet on the we"stern coast of
Liaotung Peninsula. The enemy's
ships appear frorrr time to time, but
do not approach near the coast.
"The Japanese have not advanced
from Siuyen. According to informa
tion received they are entrenching
there."
General Karkevitcli Reports on the
Liaotung. Situation.
OUTPOST SKIRMISHING.
COPENHAGEN. June 13.— Jaccb A. Riig. the
author, and Mrs Rils of New York were re
ceived to-day by the Regent Crown Prlnc*
Frederick, who expressed much interest ia
American affairs.
CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. Jun« IS.— Charles H.
Tucker will be arraigned on Thursday la th»
Superior Court here on th* Indictment found
last week chargia? him with the murder mt
Mabel Page.
VANCOUVER. B. C, June 13.—Wil
liam D. Ross, a prominent lawyer, was
drowned to-day, the body being found
under a log near a wharf on False
Creek. He is supposed to have made
a- misstep in the dark last night. He
was a leading member of the Young
Liberals'. Association and had a large
practice and was about to be married.
Prominent Lawyer of- Vancouver
Meets Tras'c Death Near His'
- - Home.
DROWNS IX FALSE CREEK
BY A 3IISSTEP IN DARK
WASHINGTON*. June 13. — That
Japan bought the Lake submarine
boat Protector is denied at the Jap
anese legation. The legation had
nothing to do with it, if the craft was
purchased by the Mikado's navy. It
would like to know more about the
deal, and the suggestion is made that
Japanese 'are named as purchasers to
throw people oft the real scent, which
would show that Russia bought the
vessel. But an equally emphatic de
nial is made at the Russian embassy.
The most plausible explanation, and
one which is borne out by many in
dications. Is that the Protector was
purchased for speculation, and there
is a strong rumor in Washington that
the Holland submarine Fulton, which
was tested on May 30 and for several
days subsequently by a board of
American naval officers, has also been
sold, but not to the United States.
OWNERSHIP IS IN DOUBT.
Both Japan and Russia Deny Having
Purchased Submarine Boat.
Court Notes Extenuating Circumstan
ces in the Case of an Okla
homa Offender.
"KINGFISHER, Okla.. June 13.—
Joseph D. Oke pleaded guilty^before
Judge Graham of having spanked his
mother-in-law and was given the min
imum penalty of $5 and costs. The
Judge, impressed by the extenuating
circumstances in the case, publicly ex
pressed his regret that two spankings
did not go with one fine.
LIGHT FINE FOR SPANKING
HIS MOTHER-IN-LAW
ST. LOUIS. June 12.— Thirty-two
"gold heel" girls from Montana have
arrived at the fair and will be the
feature of the Montana day. The girla
come from every county and get their
name because of the fact that they
are at the fair as the result of the
beauty contest. The party is chaper
oned by Mrs. J. M. White of Butte.
Mont.
Thirty-Two Women. Selected for Their
Beauty, Arrive at Exposition as
Montana's Representathres.
"GOLD HEEL" GIRLS WILL
BE FEATURE AT THE FAIR
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEAD
QUARTERS. IX THE FIELD. Sun
day, June 12. — According to informa
tion here, the only hostilities *now oc
curring at the front are daily en
'counters between outposts, resulting in
the loss of a man or two every day.
A few Russian prisoners are being
brought into Japanese headquarters,
but no Japanese are being captured.
This is taken to show that the Japan
ese are getting the better of the en
counters.
Chinese are giving trouble by cut
ting the telegraph wires nightly; they
probably are in the pay of the Russians.
The work of keeping General Kuroki's
army in supplies of all kinls continues
to be performed with excellent results
and is beyond criticism. The conduct
of the Japanese soldiers is irreproach
able and their spirits are high.
Japanese Claim the Victory in Affairs
of Outposts.
FIGHTING OCCURS DAILY.
NEWMAN. June 13.— Fred L. Rich
ter, a young man about 20 years of age,
whose home Is in ; Farmington, was
drowned in the San Joaquin River here
yesterday while bathing. Richter, who
was unable to swim, went ¦ over his
depth. His three boys,
were unable to rescue him, one being
nearly drowned in the attempt. The
body was not recovered for three hours.
His Depth.
Young Man Who Cannot Swim Wades
Into the Water Beyond
LAD IS DROWNED IN
THE SAN JOAQUIN RIVER
PHILADELPHIA, June 13.— Safely
starred upon an extended honeymoon
trip abroad, James King Clarke has
caused the announcement to be made
of his marriage last Wednesday to
Miss Katherine Willoughly. Clarke
who is the possessor of several million
dollars, is probably best known to the
public as the former husband of "The
Violet Bride." His efforts to obtain a
divorce, followed by his petition in the
courts and the testimony provoked by
two trials, caused a sensation in the
social world. He testified that on re
turning to his hotel suddenly one day
he found evidence that Mrs. Clarke
was friendly with the man in her com
pany. He testified that he was forced
to this conclusion from the fact that
the man's shirt > front bore a violet
stain, the same shade as the violet cor
sage bouquet worn by Mrs. Clarke.
Hero of Sensational Divorce Suit An
nounces Second Marriage After
Starting on Honeymoon.
"VIOLET BRIDE'S" FORMER
HUSBAND WEDS AGAIN
FINALLY LANDS IN PRISON.—OAK
LAND Jur.e 13. — William E. Barnes, self-con
fessed fcrp'T. was sentenced -to six years at
Folsom to-day by Judre Hall.
NEW YORK, June 12. — Earle W.
Wallace, the young artist who waa
found last week unconscious and sur
rounded by a pack of yelping dogs in
the woods near Flushing, L. I., ha3
been identified aa the son of Dr. Bar
ton Wallace of Franklin, Ind.
The doctor has arrived and placed
his son in a private sanitarium, where
it is expected he will soon recover.
Overstudy is supposed to have caused
the breakdown of the young artist.
Strange Yonne Man Found in Woods
Surrounded by Curs Is Son of
Indiana Doctor.
VICTIM OF DOGS' ATTACK
IDENTIFIED BY FATHER
Reaper Interrupts the Homeward
Journey of Mother-tn-Law of
North Dakota's Governor.
CHICAGO, June 13. — Friends and
relatives who assembled at the North
western Railway station to welcome
Mrs. Helen M. "Wood home from Cali
fornia met instead her lifeless body as
the train rolled in. She was found
dead in her berth a short time before
the train reached Chicago. Mrs.
"Woods, who was 74 years of age, had
been in ill health for some time and
was reconciled to death, but hoped to
reach her home here before the end
came. She was the wife of Alonso M.
Wood and one of her daughters Is the
wife of Governor Frank White of
North Dakota.
HOPES OF AGED WOMAN*
SHATTERED BY DEATH
The stcries published abroad that 600 per
sons were executed at Moscow recently, that
wholesale sentences had been Imposed at Mos
cow, ar.d that sanguinary conflicts had oc
curred at Odessa are all. so far as my in
quiries show, pure inventions deliberately set
afloat for the purpose of Injuring the Russian
loan abroad.
The Government is decidedly frank in Its
dissemination of news. Official bulletins are
posted ex-erywhere and they are read atten
tively by small groups. Frequently soldier*
and bailors are among them. The news is
discusbed among the. bystanders, but always
quietly. . There is no trace of excitement. In
fact, the war eeems to arouse less public In
terest than the newa received during the South
African war.
Aside from th* lnitce<J:«.te object of my
visit I have be«n greatly inlere«ted in the
attitude of the masses In Russia, toward the
war. Their attitude is of greater lmimrt. in
view of stories published abroad to the effect
that the war is unpopular and that the country
S« en the venre of a revolution owlr.s to public
discontent. I have visited every working quar
ur of St. Petersburg, the extensive Selosrao
lenskoe resion. the Narvatlcai district and
suca ril*^** as the Potilloft Ccmp»ny'« locomo
uve and steel works, employing lu.OCO men. I
interviewed the workers outside the factories.
in the parks and the places of public enter
ttinment. bat failed to find anything except
quiet confidence that Russia Is bound to win
in the end.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 13.—
Michael Davitt. who is now in St.
Petersburg investigating the labor and
industrial conditions of Russia, in an
interview to-dav said:
Michael Daritt Denies Reports of
Discord in Czar's Empire.
RUSSIAN POPULACE CALM.
NAPA, June IS— The Northern Cali
fornia District Medical Society will
meet in Napa !n Masonic Temple on
Tuesday, June 14. During the day
there will be a programme of papers,
addresses and . discussion and in the
evening, a sumptuous banquet will be
tendered to the visiting members at the
California Hotel by the, Napa County
Medical Society. The programme in
cludes addresses and papers by Mayor
Fuller of Napa. Superintendent E. E.
Stone of the Napa State Hospital, Dr.
M. W. Ward of Woodland. Dr. J. T.
Jones of Grass Valley, Dr. Hatch of
Sacramento, Dr. A. W. Hoisnolt of
Stockton and others.
Interesting Convention of Northern
District Medical Society Is
Promised.
PROMINENT PHYSICIANS
TO ASSEMBLE IN NAPA
LEXINGTON. Ky., June 13.— It was
announced to-day that J. B. Haggin.
the millionaire turfman, would s«on
complete a private electric road from
the front ; sate of the Elmendorff farm
to his residence. Arrangements have
been completed to connect It with the
Paris and Lexington Interurban line.
Haggin can then step in his private
car in New York and not leave the
car until he steps out on his front
porch. The Interurban electric line
connects with the railroad. He will
use the private track also for hauling
coal and other freight.
IIAGGIN TO BUILD ROAD
FOR HIS PRIVATE USE
Turfnian Will Connect His Home With
ElmcndorfT Farm by Interur-
Dan Line.
NEW YORK, June 13. — Chemists
acting under the direction of the State
Department of Agriculture have dis
covered gross violation of the new pure
food law in the manufacture of choco
late covered cakes and candles that
are sold from street stands and shops
near schoolhouses. r^
Adulterants which are highly injuri
ous to the health have been separated
from the candy and cakes and sent to
the Attorney General. A sealed jar Is
on exhibition containing eleven grains
of paraffin and four small round choco
late covered cakes. The paraffin forms
a Etick two -inches, long and. according:
to the chemists,- was.' taken from -the
coating" on the four innocent looking
cakes. It is a coal tar product which
resists the strongest acids. Its effect
upon digestive organs is highly injuri
ous.
Samples of bakers* cakes and cheap
candies have been found to contain
dangerous quantities of paraffin, ana
line dyes and lead poisons.
Chemists Find Coated Cakes Sold Near
Schoolhouses Contain Chemicals
Injurious to Health.
LITTLE ONES IN DANGER
FROM EATING SWEETS
From San Francisco — O. J. Burn
ham, at the Victor; J. J. Dwyer. at the
Holland House; J. A. Enquist and
wife, at the St. Denis; G. F. Lamm, at
the Herald Square; J. T. Flynn. at the
Kensington; J. N. Goetze. at the Union
Square; J. P. Hall, at the Continental;
L. R. Haines, at the Metropolitan; R.
W. Hobart, at the Hotel Navarre; F.
R. Margett, at the Grand Union; A.
McKay and wife, at the Cadillac; R.
Norris, at the Criterion Hotel; G. Ren
ner, at the Hotel Imperial; O. E.
Swain, at the Earlington; J. Weyant.
at the Continental; C. H. Williams, at
the Earlington; A. R. Harrison, at the
Holland, and Miss S. Martin and
J. C. Martin Jr., at the Broad
way Central. From San Diego —
H. H. Palmer, at the Marlborough,
and H. Steiner, at the Hotel Navarre.
From Santa Rosa — L. B. Jacks, at the
Park Avenue. From Los Angeles — S.
M. Burkhard and J. Burkhard. at the
Normandie; H. Conhett, at the Ken
sington; L. Jacobi. at the Hotel Nor
mandie; S. T. Searight. at the Im
perial; Miss Shanks, at the Normandie.
and D. L. Snediker. at the Spaulding.
NEW YORK, June 13. — The follow
ing Calif ornians are in New York:
Californlans In New York.
BOSTON. June 13. — The Grand
Jury of Suffolk County haa indicted
Edward A. Lyman, Henry M. Billings
and Charles L. Tebbetts for alleged
false returns of the Boston Mutual
Life Insurance Company to the In
surance Commission. Lyman. who waa
secretary of the company," is charged
with perjury, and Billings, actuary,
and Tebbetts. general manager, are
accused of subornation. All three
men resigned from the company on
May 26.
The Boston Mutual Life Insurance
Company, as a corporation, also haa
been indicted, charged with filing false
statements of its condition for the
year of 1902-03 with the Insurance
Commission, the statement as alleged
being signed by John W. Wheeler as
president and E. A. Lyman as secre
tary.
Grand Jury Returns True Bills Against
Three Insurance Men Accused of
FaLslfylnz Returns.
CORPORATION A>T> OFFICERS
ARE UNDER INDICTMENT
VANCOUVER, B. C. June 13.— An
exhaustive topographical survey of the
new gold fields in the Alsek country
and also in the vicinity of the Stewart
River is to be made during the coming
summer bv the Dominion Government.
A party of Government surveyors who
are en route to the north for that pur
pose arrived ¦ on the Imperial Limited
to-day and will go north on the. steam
er Amur to-morrow night. The party
consists of R. G. McConnell, F. H.
MacLaren and Joseph Keele of Ot
tawa.
Canadian Government Sends a Party
of Experts Into the Alsek
- Country.
WIUj MAKE EXTENSIVE
SURVEYS IN ALASKA
Finlly returning to Peking, Colonel
Hayes made another journey to Japan
and saw more of the maneuvers there.
The colonel is thoroughly convinced
that the Japanese will triumph in the
present war. He regards the organiza
tion of the Japanese army as nearly
perfect and says that the patriotism of
the "little brown men" is the most re
markable In the world.
Cplonel Hayes left this country for
the Orient early in February, going by
way of Victoria with the hope of being
able to Join the Japanese army and
gettiner to the front. On reaching
Japan he was soon made to appreciate
the difficulties /that were awaiting all
who had -fdaJined to accompany the
Japanese army and hurried over into
Korea, which he reached just after the
first Japanese troops landed there.
From Seoul he traveled to the conces
sion of the American Mining Company,
in Northwestern Korea, and from there
made his way to the Yalu River.
Eventually he visited Newehwang.
Later Hayes joined • Correspondent
Moorhouse on the Chicago News dis
patch boat Fa wan and was aboard that
vessel when the Russians captared her
and took her into Port Arthur. Jfc
Lieutenant Colonel Webb C. Hayes,
son of the late President Rutherford
B. Hayes, arrived here yesterday from
the Orient on the transport Logan.
Colonel Hayes served in Cuba with the
First Ohio Cavalry and later waa sec
ond in command of the Thirty-first
United States Infantry, which formed
part of the allied forces which were
sent to the relief of Peking. He comes
fresh from the scene of hostilities in
the Far East, where he was one of the
few Americans who were afforded the
opportunity of witnessing the maneu
vers of both the Japanese and Russian
aimics. -*»>
Lieutenant Colonel Hayes Returns
From Far East Scene of Strife.
SPECTATOR OF WAR GAME.
WAUKESHA. Wis.. June 13.—
Frederick F. Clayton is congratulat
ing himself upon a trip to Waukesha
County, for :he journey from his
hom* at Ellsworth. Neb., has united
him wirh a brother whom he had not
?r-?n in twenty-seven years. The two
met to-day on the streets in this city.
Frederick, stepping from the car
to the sidev.-alli. stopped for a moment
to inculre the direction to a hotel of
an elderly man who approached. ¦
"Henry." exclaimed one. "Fred
erick." exclaimed the other. Then
they fell into each other's arms.
Henry B. and Frederick F. Clayton
were born at Marshalltown, Iowa.
Henry is married and lives at Bella
Vista. Cal. They were separated by
a family quarrel twenty-seven years
jijro and had not heard of each other
since.
Frederick F. Clayton Accosts Pedes
trian in Wisconsin Town and
Recognize* Relative.
AFTER TWKNTY-SKVKX YEARS
BROTlItUt-S ARE REUNITED
About 2000 Russian infantry from
Kaichou passed through Newehwang
this morning, accompanied by a large
supply and hospital train. Several
carts contained bandaged men. The
troops appeared to be fagged out and
showed every indication of a long,
forced march. The officers refused to
give any information, but a non-com
missioned officer told a correspondent
that all of the troops were retreating
from Tsaichou. Before he could say
anything further he was reprimanded
by a cadain.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 13.— No in
fcrmatic-n reached the general staff to
day regarding the reported ambushing
of Russians at Pulantien. as the result
of which they were alleged to have
lost SOd men. The only thing of the
least significance in this connection is
the short dispatch received from Major
General Karkevitch, which was sent
on June 12, the day the battle is said
to have occurred. General Karkevitch
does not mention -the Pulantien fight,
of which the authorities presume he
would have heard, had it occurred.
His disDatch only covered events up
to the preceding day.
Up to a late hour to-night nothing
further had been heard from Port Ar
thur.
The reports of continuous skirmish
ing along the railway south of Vafan
dien are taken to show that the Cos
saeks are keeping the Japanese busy
protecting their rear. While heavy
fighting is not regarded as being im
minent, a more or less severe brush
with the enemy is likely to occur at
any time.
NEWCHWANG. Sunday, June 12.—
Information was received here at 10
o'clock to-night through heretofore re
liable channels that part of the Japan
ese force left at Pulantien to check
mate the Russians' southward move
ment to relieve Port Arthur was at
tacked southeast of Shungmao yes
terday. After slight fighting the Jap
anese maffe a false -retreat, the Rus
sians hotly following them, when the
Japanese made a flank movement,
catching the Russians in a trap. The
Russian losses are placed at 800 men.
They fell back on Kaichou and began
to retreat along . the Baimatgu-Tsai
chou road.
The Japanese are reported to be
fortifying Laodun (which cannot be
located on available maps) and along
the railway from Pulantien to Tand
zafan. Japanese scouts are constant
ly skirmishing with Russian cavalry
south of Vafandien. Demonstrations
b> cruisers off Kalping and Senuchen
have ceased. A strong guard has oc
cupied Siuyen. A Japanese scout troop
has been seen at Kaiping road. Gen
eral Kuroki remains at Fengrvang
cheng, where the fortifications have
been strengthened. The Japanese have
retired from Saimatsza, which also has
been abandoned by most of the inhab
itants, owing to the complete exhaus
tion of supplies. Japanese forces are
reported to be occupying Alyanyamin.
The Japanese army In Manchuria is
said to be exceedingly short of sup
plies, for which it is wholly dependent
upon water transportation to the
mouth of the Yalu and Takushan.
LIAOYANG, Sunday, June 12. — A
Russian correspondent and two officers
jwho escaped from Port Arthur arrived
last night. They say that for four
days they were crawling through the
Japanese lines, the Japanese having
picketed all roads at intervals of fifty
yards. The fugitives traveled mostly
at night and kept to the hills. They
were greatly exhausted. They caught
a hospital train leaving Vafandien.
which also brought a number of men
wounded in skirmishes along the rail
road. Most of the wounded are recov
ering rapidly. Many of them have been
awarded the St. George cross.
The refugees say that Port Arthur
is well provisioned, the merchant's hav
ing managed to get in large quantities
of supplies before the railway was
cut. ';¦.•¦
"General Stoessel," said a general of
flcer to-day, "cannot pour fresh
strength and unshattered nerves into
his positions, whereas General Oku has
practically unlimited forces to draw
upon. The defense by the Russians
may shed luster on the Czar's arms,
but the Japanese will overwhelm all
resistance. When the Hie of the nation
is at stake the sj*criflce of even thou
sanOs of its best sons in battle becomes
insignificant in comparision."
TOKIO, June 13.— Only a limited
number personally in touch with. the
Emperor know the exact situation at
Port Arthur. The second rank of of
ficials is aware merely that the siege
is proceeding and that the climax is
likely to come at any moment. Naval
and military experts are absolutely
convinced that no amount of good
luck, gallantry or endurance can avert
the capture of the fortress. They ad
mit that the struggle may be marked
with varying fortunes from time to
time, but declare that General Oku
commands an army, large enough and
brave enough to accomplish the work
in hand.
Special Dicpalch to The Call.
PETALUMA. June 13.— Alf. Scott, a
brother of Joseph Scott, a prominent
lawyer of Los Angeles, and partner of
Attorney Dockweiler, died in the city
prison here on Sunday under circum
stances which have called forth the at
tention of the sheriffs office.
Scott was found at 2 o'clock Sunday
morning lying in a stupor in the streets
by Officer Mego.. Thinking the man
drunk the officer took him to the jail.
At noon the man was found to be dead.
An ineuest was held and by recom
mendation of physicians a jury ren
dered a verdict of death from heart
failure. .To-day it was learned that
the man had been beaten before found
by the police. The sheriff's office w'as
notified. Coroner Blackburn swore to
a warrant of arrest for J. Riley, an
amateur pugilist. Riley was later re
leased on his own recognizance. Riley,
it is said, assisted in ejecting Scott
from a saloon. A second post mortem
examination showed that the man's
skull was fractured and that death was
due to this cause. Scott has been in
this city several days and is said to
have been drinklne heavily. He was
ejected from several places Saturday
nlght. ' " e body is now embalmed
awaiting word from a brother who is
in St. Louis.
Brown Men Feign Re
treat and Lure Enemy
Into a Trap.
Victim's Skull Is Fractured
and Police Believe That
Crime Has Been Committed
Wiil Capture Stronghold
Even at Cost of Thou
sands of Men.
The dredger, which was built in this
city about twelve years ago. at a cost
uf about $2£.<X>0, was recently, repaired
at a cost of STCjO. It burned to the
water's edge ar.d then sank, and the
Iocs is total, nothing being saved ex
cept" the bucket. On the dredger was
7000 gallons of oil. On the dredger was
surance.
STOCKTON, June 13.— The dredger
District No. 17. working at Sycamore
Slough, near Tenr.Inous, in the New
Hop* district, was totally destroyed
by fire last night at midnight. The
Ere started through an explosion of oil,
used as luel for the boilers. Fireman
W. J. Wilson was badly burned about
the hands and Captain JR. T. Williams,
who h. 1 gone to bed, escaped In his
night clothes. With the exception of
what clothes they had en, the crew lost
ail their belongings.
The fire gained such rapid headway
and burned so fiercely that the crew
had to Jump into the water and wade
ashore. The men reached Stockton
this morning in a launch.
Flames Make Terrific Head
way and Fireman Is Hurt
1*11 an Effort to Escape
PUGILIST IS ARRESTED
Report That the City Is
Well Provisioned
for a Siege.
OIL TANK EXPLODES
Eight Hundred Slavs Slain
or Wounded Near
Pulantien.
Japan Will Spare No Sac
rifice in Attack on
Port Arthur.
Russian Officers Escape
Through Foe's Lines
at Port Arthur.
Dredger in the New Hope
District Burns and Crew
Have to Swim for Life
Mystery Is Involved in the
Case of Petaluma 3Ian Who
Died While in a Stupor
FIRE ON BOAT
IMPERILS MEN
JAPANESE ENTRAP RUSSIAN FORCE
AND INFLICT A CRUSHING DEFEAT
DEATH RESULTS
FROM BEATING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 14; 1904.
The Women's Congress opened their
meeting in Berlin yesterday. One of the
principal subjects ' to be discussed should
be the use of gas for fuel.* Gas ranges
may be purchased from S. F. Gas . and
Electric Co., 415 Post street, :_•
ST. PETERSBURG, June 13. — One
division of the army reserves of the
St. Petersburg district hai been called
out. Half of this division will go to
the front and the other half will be
distributed among .the : garrisons in
Central Russia, displacing active
troops ordered to the^front.
Reserve Division Called Out.
•The United States, notwithstanding
the agitation In the pro-Japanese
press, remains strictly neutral."
The Novoe \ remya expresses pleas
ure at the statement from Washing
ton regarding the submarine boat Pro
tector (which was shipped recently
from Isew York on -board the Nor
wegian steamship Fortuna, bound for
Japan), raying:
3
• APVKST1SBTWTVTS. '
¦ ¦ „ ¦
CATARRH ROBS WOMEN
OF HEALTH AND BEAUTY
BHia-flBH-sanaaiiaDaHBaa-Ba
Pe-ru-n Makes Women Healthy £ - £
Women All Cver the United States § ( fi^^^^^^^^^^^^w ( a
Praise Pe-ru-na for Diseases Pecu- B \ gffi§gffifeHMg6g|Ji|i|jB| ) SI
" am proud and happy that I am g \ } j*
atve to praise Peruna as it de- & ( §£§$11 , •¦•%, ; §^M» V ¦
serves, lo? a better medicine I do B \j|fc0ra >^^S^U^ C m
women suffer from and do not j V^^^m^^^^^^^«» ' O
knew which wav to turn for help. B {E^^^'S'^^^^^^W ) B
If all women who suffer* as I did g \W^ : '-'^"^W'^^SSSBm' n
with per.odical backac 0. head- j W^^^^^^^^^M ) n
ache and all worn out feeling B r M^^^^^^^^^^^M ) '* l
the body and took awa/ all the ¦ ) *JBBEas2©£aBS^saaai ) —
ache- and pains and weariness. g ) Miss Florence Miller J a
"That has been my experience, J ' — ~ Z — -^- — w-w g
and I gratefully acknowledge the ¦¦¦¦*¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
blessing Feruna has been to me."
MI S rLORENCE MILL. R. Perur.a Is such a sp*c!flc for such
_, , . „ '. cases that when patients have once used
DlSgUrsed Catarrh it they can never be induced to quit it
There are a great many people who until they are permanently cured. It
tarrh of some internal organ who have tremblin g knees are strengthened. th-»
not he slightest suspicion that they arc appetite restored, digestion made per-
vlctlms of this universal disease. feet, the dull headache Is stopped and
This Is especially true in cases of the patients are gradually cured. Theaa
chronic catarrh of the organs in the results certainly follow a course of
lower part of the abdomen or pelvic -^Hav^on^fe^y thousand testl-
organs. monials like the one given above. ¦""*•
There are a multitude of women, es- can only give our readers a slight
pecially housewives, and all other women glimpse of the vast array of unsolicited
obliged to be on their feet continually, endorsements we are receiving every
who are wretched beyond description^ SS X S3^ < fie5£5SS?5S^J
simply because their strength and vital- tic and grateful letters of thanks aa Dr.
lty is sapped away by catarrhal dis- Hartman for Peruna.
A-DVEBTISZSIENTS.
\\ Brand §j
B Evaporated Eg
\\ Cream If
nl ahvsys bears the above capfipj
H hbeL it means the samengj
¦B as telling you that we E8
BH back up its purity with agjf
g $5,000 guarantee. B
}3\ cf Evspc rated ESa
Ms&F Cream in the vorld. €j«L ;
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PITEPAftED BY
The grocer would be t
romfortable i( all his got
were like Schilling's Best 2'
backed by the maker as th
are.
Moncyback.-
ADVXBTISE2TENTS.
• - v
2 pairs for 25c
Here is a chance to purchase sqme light-weight hosiery
•¦ for. summer. at a very low price, considering the quality of
the goods.
Cotton hosiery in tjie solid colors of black, tan, slate and
brown, in plain and lace effects. Some with black and hair-
line colored stripesjor embroider}-. Seamless and fast col-
ored — they will not stain your skin or fade in washing. Made
by one of the best hose makers of Pennsylvania. Sizes 9 to
1 1 y 2 . Price, 2 pairs for 25c. •
Oiil-of-tozvn'erdcrs filled — zvrite us.
740 Market Street: SACRAMENTO.; June . 1 3.— A. An
derson, a steamboat hand, fell from a
barge Into 'the Sacramento River to
night and' waa drowned.. An effort
waa made to save him,. but it was "too
dark. It ia said he has relatives in
San Francisco.
Steamboat Hand Is Drowned.
New schedules for Western and Sacramento
divisions will be adopted about June 19. when
train No. 16, Oregon express. Will leave gan
Francisco at 8:05 p. m.. Instead' of 7:00 p. m.,
and train No. 14, Reno express, at 7:00 p. m. t
instead of 8:05 p. tn. Train No. 6, Eastern ex
press, leaving Sjin Francisco at 6:00 p. m..
and train No. 3, California express, which will
arrive San Francisco at 12:60 p. m.. will run
via Martlnex and Stockton. Instead of via Be
nlcla, aa at present.
Former local day trains Nos. 23 and 24. be
tween Chico and Marysvllle, and Noa. 19 and
20, between Sacramento and Willows, will be
revived. This will give Chlco and Willows two
daily connections with San Francisco. •
Important Train Service Changes.
Trips East From the World's Fair.
California and Pacific Coast visitors
to the St. Lauis World's Fair who may
wish to "Journey east ward, can, reach
principal cities and towns without chang
ing cars by going over the Vandalla-
Pennsylvanla lines, the shortest route
from St. Louis to the East. A regular
daily service of seven through fast ex
press trains from St Louis to Pittsburg
and the East enables passengers to leave
the World's Fair city at convenient
hours throughout the day. Purchasers
of first-class tickets to Philadelphia . or
New York I over Vandalla- Pennsylvania
lines may have them- routed - via Wash
ington for the asking, permitting a visit
of ten days at the national capital - and
Baltimore. For further information
communicate with E. M. Pomeroy, 621
Market street, San- Francisco, CaL .,<- *
LOS ANGELES, June 13.— A dis
patch to the Times from San Bernar
dino says that during 1 a fit of drunken
rage Fred Valenzula,' a butcher, deft
his wife's head with an ax, probably
fatally injuring her. % The mad deed
was committed in the* Valenzula home
at Seventh and' Mount Vernon streets
and was witnessed by the woman's
mother and sister-in-law. The wife's
skull was fractured in several places.
Valenzula escaped.
San Bernardino Butcher Fatally In
jures Ills Spouse in I»resence of
• Her Relatives.
USES AN AX ON WIFE
IN IUS DRUNKEN RAGE
SACRAMENTO, June 13. — Melvin
Abrahams, a German, who was em
ployed in a local butcher shop, com
mitted suicide this morning by drink
ing carbolic acid. It is said the man
became despondent because a woman
in a dance hall with who'm he had be
come infatuated would not return his
love.
Maiden Rejects Him.
Sacramento Butcher Yields to De
spondency When Dance ] Hall
K1LL.S HIMSELF BECAUSE 7
HIS LOVE WAS SPURNED
TACOMA, June 13. — Local .grain
exporters have not been surprised at
a dispatch from Washington that
5,000,000 pounds of Washington oats
were moldy and had to be destroyed
upon arrival In Manila. They claim
that these oats were accepted by the
Government in spite of the protect of
reputable dealers, who are alleged to
have informed the Government quar
termaster/ that the oats "could? riot be
furnished by the successful bMder as
per his samples.
One exporting firm 'sent, a man 'to
Seattle to take samples of the oats as
furnished by. the successful bidder.
His work showed that the oats were
then musty* Despite the protest to
the quartermaster the oats were ac
cepted and shipped. This firm has
retained samples, which will be sent
to Washington with the object of lo
cating the blame instead of permit
ting the presumption that all Wash
ington oats are poor;
Loss of Cargo of 31 oldy Grain Reuses
Suspicion as to 'Method of Award
ing the Contract.
WANT INVESTIGATION
OF BIG DEAL IN OATS
TACOMA, June 13. — Bob Taylor,
who was convicted of murder in the
i second degree for killing W. W.
Barnes near the Tacoma and Puyallup
wagon road in April last, was to-day
sentenced to the penitentiary for life
by Judge Snell, who said the jury
would have been Justified in finding a
verdict of murder in the first degree.
-Taylor Insisted he acted in self-defense
and that. Barnes had tried 'to kill him
In Oregon.
Judge Says Jury's Verdict in Case
of Bob Taylor Was
Mild.
WASHINGTON MURDERER
SENTENCED FOR LIFE
OAKLAND, June , 13.— Frank A.
Porter of the firm of W. R. Ellis &
Co.. real estate brokers of Berkeley,
died of typhoid fever to-night at his
residence, 583 Thirty-fourth street,
this city, after three weeks' Illness.
Mr. Porter was a son of A. D. Porter,
a prominent capitalist of Woodland,
where the young man was born twen
ty-eight years agoV A wife and a
daughter, three years old, survive. Mr.
Porter was a member of Woodland
Lodge, F. and A. M. He had been as
sociated with Mr. Ellis, his brother-in
law, for six months in the business
they established at Berkeley. The
funeral arrangements have not been
made.
Frank A. Porter Dies.
CHICAGO, June 13. — Meat prices,
due to what ia called a scarcity of
high-grade cattle, have within the last
week advanced from 2% to 3 cents a
pound for beef, and, if guesses are
realized, the advance will continue un
til 5 or 6 cents more than the pres
ent prices Is reached.
Butchers say that u,nder, existing
conditions they must charge 20 cents
for sirloin steaks, 25 cents for porter
house, 18 cents for rounds and 20 to
22 cents for roasting pieces. A proper
percentage of profit, they hold, cartnot
be had unless 15 cents a pound is ob
tained for hind quarters of mutton
and 18 to 28 cents a pound for chops
and cutlets. In the meantime the
home provider mourns.
Week's Increase Averages Three Cents
a Pound and a Further Raise
, Is Expected.
CHICAGO MEAT DEALERS
ADVANCE THEIR PRICES
, NEW YORK, June 13.— Rodolphus
Bmgham, inventor of a wheat food,
upon which he claimed life could be
maintained at the cost of 6% cents a
day, Is dead at Camden, N. J. He was
80 years old and had spent a fortune in
advancing various scientific ideas,
among them a system of phonetic spell
ing, which he tried for many years to
have introduced in the schools.
Inventor of Patent Foods Succumbs to
Death at Age of 80 Years.
RODOLPHUS BRIGHAM DIES.
LEXINGTON. Ky., June 13.— Police
Judge John J. Riley to-day revived the
old whipping post regime when he sen
tenced Simon Scearce, a 15-year-old
negro lad, to be whipped in the public
square. Scearce had struck a white
boy. The court decreed that the boy's
mother take the negro to the public
square and give him twenty lashes
with a buggy whip. The mother, in the
presence of a large crowd, administered
the punishment as directed. This is the
first time such an incident has been
witnessed in Kentucky since the Civil
War.
Kentncky Judge Sentences Youth to
Be Lashed by Mother of White
. Boy He Had Struck.
REVIVES WHIPPING POST
TO PUNISH NEGRO LAD
NEW YORK, June 13. — George
Wagner, a wealthy German resident
of Bridgeport, Conn., committed suK
cide by shooting himself with* a 're
volver at the Morton House last night.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., June 13.—
Wagner was the moving spirit of\a
club of well-known German residents,
first organized as a "13" club. Later
on, one after another of the congenial
spirits began to die by suicide. That
gave rise to the report that there was
a "suicide club" in Bridgeport, an al
legation which was stoutly denied by
the Germans who made Wagner's
place their headquarters. It is note
worthy that practically all of the men
who were formerly identified with that
organization have died by their own
act. There 13 said to be one member
•left, who is a jeweler here.
Set by Other Members of the
Organization.
Wealthy German Follows Example
"THIRTEEN CLUB" MEMBER .
ENDS LIFE WITH BULLET
STOCKTON, June 13. — The body of
an old arkman* known as "Scotty"
Dunne, was found in McLeods Lake
this morning. It is supposed that he
was drowned • -ie under the influ
ence of liquor Saturday night.
Aged Arkman Is Drowned.
SALINAS, June 13. — The Monterey
County Agricultural Association dis
trict No. 7 has fixed the dates for
holding the annual fair and race meet
for September 14 to 17 Inclusive. The
race programme will be unusually
good.
Monterey County's Fair.
Mr. JSevin leaves a widow and ten
children, Edward, Frank. Cornelius,
Denis, George, James. Agnes and Ada
Nevin, and Mrs. P. Flanagan and Mrs.
F. L. Sangmaster. The funeral will
be held next Wednesday morning
from St. Michael's Church.
LIVERMORE, June 13.— Martin
Nevln, one of the oldest and best
known residents of the Livermore
Valley, died to-day at his home on
the old Nevin ranch near Livermore
at the age of 71 years. He came to
California nearly forty years ago and
took up a ranch. and at the time of
his death owned one of the largest
ranches in the valley.
Near Livemiore. Is Called to
Final Rest.
Martin Nevln, Owner of Large Ranch
PIONEER RESIDENT DEAD.
It was voted to hold the charter
open for one month in order that
those who Join before the next meet
ing may have their naraesr enrolled
on the articles of incorporation. The
purposes of the club are to promote
the use of motor vehicles, to ascertain,
defend and protect the 'rights of own
ers, to secure improvements in the
condition of public roads, to enlarge
and promote a fraternal spirit among
the users of motor x vehicles generally.
SAN DIEGO. June 13. — San Diego
has an automobile club known by that
name and a great deal of enthusiasm
has been worked up amory? the
owners of "buzz wagons." The elec
tion of officers held last night resulted
in the selection of the following to
serve one year: President, Roy How
ard; Vice president, W. J. Wagner;
secretary and treasurer, George N.
Nolan Jr.; directors,- W. W. Whitson,
J. W. Sefton Jr., Captain Humphries,
Roy Howard, W. J. Wagner and
George N. Nolan Jr.
Enthusiastic Sportsmen of Southern
City Plan to Promote Use of
Horseless Vehicles.
SAN DIEGO AUTO MEN
ORGANIZE A CLUB
MARSHALL JUNCTION, Wash.,
June 13. — By eating the roots of a
poisonous weed, not injurious to cat
tle and horses, 1000 sheep have been
killed In a narrow "poison strip" in
the southern portion of Spokane
County. The strip extends from Mar
shall Junction to Rockford and the
loss to flocks grazing near it has been
about 20 per cent. More than 400 an
imals died last week.
Oregon Flocks Suffer Heavy Losses
Though Plant Is Harmless to
Horses and Cattle.
POISONOUS WEED KILLS
HUNDREDS OF SHEEP
BOSTON, June 13.— Lieutenant Col
onel Richard Evans of the Salvation
Army, known all over the country as
"Father" Evans, died suddenly here
to-day of heart disease. For three
years he was associate provincial offi
cer or commander on the Pacific Coast,
having been appointed to that position
with his son, Colonel William Evans,
and for the past three years he has
labored here In a similar capacity. He
came to America to organize salvation
work in tbe pioneer days when the
Httle bands were often received every
where with violence. .
NEW YORK, June 13.— Seized by
sudden illness In a street car of
Brooklyn, Ruliff Smith was taken to a
hospital, where the physicians dis
covered his heart to be on the right
side. On the left In the place where
the heart should have been the doc
tors found by aid of the X-ray a large
tumoroua growth. 'the exact nature of
which they have been unable to deter
mine. The cheat was swollen and
Smith complained of great pain,- but
It is expected he will be out in a few
day.
Surgeons Make Remarkable Discov
ery While Examining Patient Sent
to Hospital for Treatment.
TUMOR OCCUPIES PLACE
WHERE HEART SHOULD BE
HELENA, Mont., June 13. — The
Supreme Court to-day decided the
celebrated law known as House bill
No. 132, which permits corporations
to dispose of property to other com
panies, to be constitutional. The act
was passed over the veto of Governor
Smith in 1E99. It was under this law
that the Amalgamated Copper Com
pany was enabled to purchase the
properties of the Boston and Montana,
Butte and Boston and Parrott com
panies.
Constitutional Celebrated Law
Giving Ppwer to Sell.
Montana Supreme Court Declares
CORPORATIONS HAVE VALID
RIGHT TO SELL PROPERTY
SALVATIONIST
ANSWERS THE
LAST SUMMONS
"I see before me many examples of
what the love of Jesus Christ can do
for habitual criminals," she said. "I
sec here former convicts with their
wives and some even with children."
Many of the listeners looked at one
another as if each felt that a neigh
bor might be one of those to whom
Mrs. Booth was referring. Suspicious
glances were cast and many, looked
askance to see a telltale blush, but
none was observable and Mrs. Booth
continued her remarks, assuring the
congregation that she did not intend
going Into details.
NEW YORK, June IS,— In an ad
dress at the Madison-avenue Re
formed Church Mrs. Ballington Booth
has caused much consternation among
the members of the fashionable con
gregation. She was speaking of work
in the State prisons of the country and
success in the reformation of so-called
"habitual criminals."
Fashionable .Church Makes Con
£regation Uncomfortable.
Address of Mrs. Hallington Booth In
CONSTERNATION FOLLOWS
WORDS OF SALVATIONIST
VICTORIA, B. C, June 13. — Traffic
men here believe that Kitamaat has
been chosen by the Grand Trunk Pa
cific as the Pacific" terminus of their
transcontinental line.
Forbes Vernon, who is deeply inter
ested in the Pacific Northern Omin
eca Railway, has been to Ottawa and
Montreal, where "he has held confer
ences with the Grand Trunk officials
with a purpose of inducing the Grand
Trunk to take the charter of the Pa
cific Northern from Hazleton to Kita
maat. A provincial charter and sub
sidy is held for this line.
Traffic Men Believe Town Has Been
Selected as Coast End of Trans
continental Line.
MAY CHOOSE KITAMAAT
AS A TERMINAL POINT
VALLEJO, June 13. — The new pro
tected cruiser Tacoma, which arrived
at Mare Island recently to get a new
port propeller In place of the one
broken during her last cruise by strik
ing a sunken logr. left the navy yard
late this, afternoon on her final trial
trip. The torpedo destroyer Paul
Jones, Lieutenant Gregory C. David
son commanding, which recently re
turned from Panama, and the destroy
er Perry, Lieutenant H. H. Schofleld
i-ommandinRr, left here for San Fran
cisco late this afternoon. A big sup
ply of coal was sent from the navy
yard to-day to the coast defense ship
Wyoming, now lying: off San Fran
cisco, and within a few days she and
the two destroyers named will pro
ceed north to Puset Sound.
CRUISER TACOMA STARTS
ON FINAL TRIAL TRIP
* j .
Coast Defense Ship Wyoming an* De
stroyers Paul Jones and Perry
Will Go Northward.
Charles T. Connell. Chinese Inspector
at Douglas, and V. M. Clark, a special
agent, have just captured C. A. Spring
stine, hei.d of the gang of smugglers,
which turnished the Chinese with
fraudulent certificates and smuggled
them Into the United States.
Louis Greenwald, an old San Fran
cisco smuggler and " the real head of
the gang, is still at large and is be
lieved to be In Victoria. British Colum
bia. He visited Cananea, Hermosillo
and Guaymas several months ago, se
cured agents in each place and gave
Springstine a compjete outfit for man
ufacturing Chinese certificates which
can hardly be told from the genuine.
Oreenwald was to receive a commls
slc-n on all certificates sold and accord
ing to Springstine. who made a con
fession, Greenwald went to Victoria to
return with a shipload of Chinese,
which were to be smuggled into the
United States and supplied with certi
ficates at $100 per head. Greenwald
was convicted of -smuggling at San
Francisco in 1S92 and sentenced to a
term of six years in San. Quentln.
The Chinese inspectors on the inter
national line knew that the smuggling
was going on but could not locate it
until, after three months. Inspectors
Connell'and Clark found that Spring
stine was issuing the certificates. •
Clark posed as a confederate of
Springstine and secured the confidence
of two Chinese who had purchased
certificates. The exact location of the
plant was discovered and with the per
mission of the Mexican authorities.
Connell, Clark and other American and
Mexican officers -raided the establish
ment, arrested Springstine and took
possession of the outfit, which included
a supply of bogus certificates, stamps
for filling them In. Imitations of the
original signatures and a bogus seal,
with the following impression: "O. M.
Welburn, Internal Revenue Collector,
First District, California." This name
and title was signed to all of the bogus
certificates.
Tt T CSON, Ariz., June 13.— The Bureau
of Immigration for Arizona and New
Mexico has discovered that there are
between two and three hundred
Chinese in the two Territories who
carry illegal certificates and who have
been smuggled across the line.
Fp*cial Despatch to The Call
Recently Brigham imported com?
Kea birds from New Zealand. They
¦ re notorious as pheep destroyers. An
appeal to the trustees of the museum
resulted in an order to Brigham to kill
the birdE. But the curator ignored the
order, as he runs the museum. Another
attempt on the part of the professor
to import a destructive pest was frus
trated by the customs authorities. A
cocoanut-eatlng crab was the latest
agent of destruction that Brigham
wanted to "study." The crab was
brought to Honolulu on the steamship
. Ventura from Fanning I5land. The cus
toms authorities hHd up the crab and
refused to i>a?!« it. An appeal to the
inspector was made by a representa
tive' if the museum to admit the crab
alive. It was admitted that the crab
was a female and that the importation
of the creature alive mipht lead to an
.increase of the breed in these islands.
It v.as arpued that the crab was to be
gtudie<j for scientific purposes. The
collector deeded that he would pass a
d^ad crab with better grace than a live
one. f=o he ordered the crab destroyed.
In view of the requt-st that the im
porters wanted to preserve the crab
for mounting purposes It was decided to
chloroform the crustacean, which was
killed at the Oceanic warehouse. The
creature was a very powerful specimen
of the crab familv. Its big: claws
would have enabled it to climb the
largest cocoanijt tree. The crab climbs
trees and eats cocoanuts. It is very
destructive and has become a serious
pest in the countries where it abounds.
HONOLULU. June 4.— The Bishop
museum in Honolulu has a curator who
Is enthused with science and seemingly
has the bump of destruction largely de
veloped on his cranium. Prof. Prig
ham loves to study insects, bugs, birds,
crabs and any old thing that most peo
ple shrink from with horror. If he can
get his specimens alive bo much the
better for science. But this is where
he runs up against supar planters, live
stock men, farmers and foresters who
fear the curator's live stock may breed
too freely and be scattered far and
vide to the detriment of Invested capi
tal.
Special Correspondent of The Call
Lieutenant Bower wan from Moores
burg, Penn., and a West Point grad
uate of the class of 1901. He. was en
gaged to be married coon to Mi3S
Nickerson of San Francisco, who Is
now at the post visiting her sister,
Mrs. Captain Deakyne. The engage
ment was announced but a few weeks
ago. Bower was known as an excep
tionally bright and studious officer and
was very popular.
Shortly after the tragic death of
Lieutenant Bower, a guardhouse pris
oner named John Kelly, of Company
B, Engineers, was almost killed by the
accidental explosion of a cartridge. The
shell had been thrown into a garbage
pile by some soldier and later one of
the cooks threw some ashes In the can.
Kelly was emptying the can into a cart
when the shell -exploded.
FORT LEAVENWORTH. Kansas.
June 13.— Second Lieutenant Nathaniel
E. Bower of the Engineer Corps was
instantly killed on the rifle range this
afternoon by a bolt of lightning. The
lieutenant was on the firing line with
his men and waa watching the distant
targets through his field glasses when
the lightning struck out of an almost
clear sky. The lieutenant waa struck
in the shoulder and Instantly killed.
A wide, red scar showed the path of
the current. <,"--' » _
Special Dispatch to The Call
Borgstrom. a Swedish gardener, mur
dered his wife by cutting her throat
in a jealous rage at their home in
Mount Klscoe. A 14-year-old step
daughter tried to interfere a.nd nar
rowly escaped the same fate. Mrs.
Borgstrom was an accomplished musi
cian.
Koepping. who was 22 years of age,
murdered John Martlne. after having
been ejected for non-payment ' of his
board bill. Previously he had -served
six months in prison for robbing a
woman with whom he had eloped from
New York.
OSSINING, N. Y., June 13.— Albert
Koepplng, who murdered John Martlne
at Port Jarvis, and Oscar Borgstrom,
who killed his wife in Mount Klscoe.
were put to death In the electric chair
at Sing Sing prison this morning. The
executions took place without a hitch,
and twenty-four minutes after the first
man was led to the chair the second
was pronounced dead. Each went to
his death without displaying any emo
tion.
PRINCETON, N. J.. June 13.— The
Princeton faculty to-day announced a
complete revision of undergraduate
courses of studv leading to the bache
lor's degree, and the action 'has been [
passed by the trustees.
It is the most important restatement
of the Princeton course of study that
has been made since President McCosh
reorganized thp course in 1870. Candt- |
dates for -the bachelor of arts course
will be examined in the following sub- ,
jects only: The classics, mathematics, !
English,- one modern language and hia- \
tory, and candidates for the courses of j
bachelor of science and bachelor of let- i
ters will be examined 'In mathematics j
elementary physics, Latin, English his
tory and two modern languages. There
will be a reduction in the number to be
taken, each student taking five instead
of seven studies each term, with a con
sequent Increase in the amount of time
given to each course in order- to make;
it more substantial. Provision is also ,
made for insuring coherency and con- j
tinuity in the elective choices without
Interfering with thestudents' full free
dom after this essential condition for ;
the exercise of freedom has been com
plied with.
Princeton continues to stand for the,
full four-year college course, consisting ,
solely of liberal studies and organized
under as many, and only so many,
bachelor's degree as represent the lead
ing types of liberal education. Full
recognition is made of the increasing
class of students who come to college
without Greek. Those who come to
Princeton without Greek will be thor
oughly drilled in Latin and will be ex
pected to replace Greek by an addi
tional amount of mathematics and
modern languages. Both the classical
and modern sides are thus organized
on equal terms.
J. B. Patterson of Washington,
father of the prisoner; Miss McLaugh-
Hn and a man who declined to give
his nifme called upon Mrs. Patterson
at the Tombs to-day. At the end of
the interview Patterson said he waa
surprised that the Grand Jury had in
dicted his daughter. He said, how
ever, that this only strengthened his
determination to stand by the prison
er and protect her with every means
in his power.
NEW YORK, June 13. — "Nan" Pat
terson, the actress, who was y w1th
Caeaar Young, the bookmaker, in a
cab on June 4. when he was shot 3nd
killed, was to-day indicted for mur
der In the first degree. Mrs. Patter
son refused to give the details of the
shooting, except to say that Young
shot himself and that after the shoot
ing ehe had picked up the revolver
and placed it in Young's right hand
pocket.
The filing of the indictment obviat
ed the hearing of much evidence at
the Coroner's -inquest, which was held
to-day. Only a few witnesses were
examined and the jury quickly re
turned a verdict that Young came to
his death by a bullet wound.
Mrs. Patterson will be arraigned to
plead before Judge Newburger in the
Court of General Sessions to-morrow.
Mrs. Patterson was told in the Cor
oner's courtroom that she had been
indicted. For the first time since she
recovered from the first shock of
Young's death she showed emotion,
becoming hysterical. Her condition
bordered on collapse and Coroner
Jackson, who is a physician, was call
ed to attend her. Stimulants were ad
ministered and she became calmer.
Dr. Jackson said the young woman's
heart had given way under ths strain,
but that the weakness was only tem
porary.
Arrival of Giant Crab Con
signed to the Professor
Arouses Planters to. Action
Evidence Obtained That Chi
nese Have Been Admit
ted on Bogus Certificates
Popular Graduate of West
Point Meets .Untimely Fate
"While Watching Riflemen
Heart Gives Way Under the
Strain and She Becomes
Hysterical in Courtroom
Wife Killer and Homicide
Walk to Fatal Chair With
out Displaying Emotions
Change Announced as Most
Important Since Reorgani
zation of Studies in 1870
VIGOROUS PROTEST MADE
CONFEDERATE CAUGHT
DEATH INSTANTANEOUS
TRUSTEES PASS ACTION
CALMLY FACE DEATH
WOMAN BREAKS DOWN
Scientist at Honolulu Mu
seum Imports Specimens
Objectionable to Farmers
Princeton Faculty Makes
a Complete Revision of
the Undergradute bourses
Government Inspectors Find
That He Is Again at His
Old Tricks of Smuggling
"Nan" Patterson Indicted by
Grand Jury in Connection
With' Death of Young
Albert Eoepping and Oscar
Eorgstrom Pay Penalty for
Their Crimes at Sing Sing
Nathaniel E. Bower, an Army
Lieutenant, Is Struck by
Lightning onTargetKange
CURATOR'S ZEAL
CAUSES A ROW
OFFICERS HUNT
FOR GREENWALD
HELD FOR FIRST
DEGREE MURDER
EASIER TIMES
FOR STUDENTS
TWO MURDERERS
ELECTROCUTED
BOLT FROM SKY
KILLS OFFICER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1904.
4
PositlYely cared fey these
Iiittle Pil!3.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsb,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongoo
I Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
; Regulate the Bowda. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose-
Small Price.
(JvisitD^LJQ^DAN'S oREA-rd
hlUSEUfil OF AHATO»Y>
A Ch i::ilQ3ZSIS?.t«.6:i«7:a.3.rS»l. A
Y 5r s L*'?'" Anatomical Museum In the .
< 'S'fj gjkj dittue p«lllli»>7 car«4 l>; tbe »!d«t T
0 /of SJl Spe««ii»t on the tout Eit j6 fear* O
6 flOGr S DR - JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEM 6
\ IcV&^sl Comultition free »nd itrfetlf prtnte. \
Ml H*rn TrMimtnt p«rion«!!y or by Irttrr A M
¥ I j 7^» H AMN CW« in rrtrf caie undertaken. T
API llO Wtltt H» Bmk. PBI1.O»O«T *f A
y% |i ntr.ni.l)<K. mailso I'ltaa. (at
\ J JL miuabl* book for m-n) . Jk
V I>O- JOH» AX A CO.. !C51 Market St.. 9. F. "
',¦ "':/ OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamers leav« Broadway
/£nv£_£Kv wharves, piers 9 and \U
/& i £« n Francisco.
/try TUT ¦ 111^ !-l\ For Ketehikan. Wran(c*U
/ / \V»V\ \ 1 Juneau, lUlnes. SKasxiay.
1 I Vfe^A j etc.. AIask.t-11 a. m. Jun*
\,A -\k 4. 0. 14. 19. 2». July 5.
j V5S.M Jg/ Change to Company's «team-
'"tot vicVertV. Vancouver.
Port Yownsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
C j£r Eureka (Humbert P«)- Po ™°"*--_^!'
P m.. June 3. ft. 15. 21. 27. July * Sr° a on *'
1:30 v. m.. June «. 12. IS. 24. SO. JtfT «¦
For Los AnselM <via Fort Los An 1^i? aJ *._
Btdondo). San Dle«o snd Santa Barbara
Banta Robs, Sunday*. 6 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. » a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crus. Mont-
erey, 8an Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford <s>*a
Luis Obispo). Vtntura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. June 8. 16. 24.. July *
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Juna 4. 12. 20. 23, July*.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay. San Jos« d«l
Cabo. Maiattan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Ko-
, talla. Ouaymas (Mel.). 10 a. m.. 7th *«hj»
! ALASKA EXCVr.SION9. Season 1904— Th«
1 palatial excursion Bteamshlo Sposan* will
' Uave Tacomn. Seattle and Victoria. Jun« 1.
¦ 21. July 5. 19. Aug. 2. 18- ... . .
For further Information obtain folder. Klxnt
Is reserved to chanjr* steamers or salltns; dates.
TICKET OFFICES — t New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.snd Bread-
way wharvps. Freight Ofilce. 10 Market st.
C. D. DtTSANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market at., San Francisco.
AMT3RICA1I Z.I2TE.
PlTmotitb — Cli er rioura 1 — Southampton.
From New Y^rk Saturdays at 0:H0 a. m.
I St. Louis Jun- 23 *t. Paul July »
Germanic July a Philadelphia.. ¦ ¦ July M
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT TJ311.
New York — I^mdoa TMrect.
Mesaba J" n « - 5 - ° a - m -
Minnetcnka July * ;» a - m -
Mlrnchaha July ». 2 P- ™.
| Minneapolis.... July 1«. 9 a. m.
Only first-ola^s passengers carried.
DOMINION Li;iE.
( Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea pa*sasrp.
I Canada June 2.1 Ken.'inston July !»
! Vancouver .....July 2 Dominion .....July 10
HOtLAiro-AMEKICA I-IWXi.
New Twin-Screw Steair.er3 of 12.oOO Tons.
Haw Tor* — Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tu°s'lnys at 10 a. m.
¦Rynrtani June 2S|3tatendam July 1-
Noordam July 5 Potsdam July 19
t RED STAR LIKE.
uiw "Tor* — Antwerp — I*»rls.
From New Tork Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Finland Juno 2r.|Krocnland July 9
vaderland Ju!y 2 Zeeland July l*t
WHITE STAE MUIT.
! New Tork— Queenstown — Liverpool.
filling Welr.-pdar".
Arabic. June 24. :; pm rvit'.c. . .July 8. 1 pm
Oceanic. Jur.e 29. 7 am Bnlt!c. July 1... 5 pm.
Teutonic.July 6. 10 am Majestic. July 20. 10 am
Boston — Queen stewn — HveroooL
Cretis Jun« 2°. J u 'y "^ Au *-
Republic (new) July 7, Aug. 11. Sept. 3
Cymric July I* Auk. IS. Sopt. 15
HE-W SSEVICE FROM BOSTON
Past Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11.4OO to 15 000 Tons.
BOSTON* DIRECT TO THE
KEDITEEEANEAl*, VIA AZORES.
GIBRALTAR, KAPXES, GENOA.
CANOPIC July 2. Aug. 27. Oct. <*
ROMANIC July 30, Sept. 17. Oct. CO
First Clas* fW upward, depending on date.
C D. TAYLOR. Pa«wnRer Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post st., San Francisco.
J$amburg-/kmerican.
Semi-Weeklr Twin Screw Serrlca
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBITHJ
THE OIUJAT OCEAN 7LYEB.
S. S. Deutschland
6S8% ft. Ions— 2-" 1 -i knots average upeed.
Salls June 9, July T. Aujr. 4, Sept. 1.
Hamburg June 16|*>Moltke. Jun* 80
Phoenicia June lS'iPatriela July 3
t'Bluecher . . .. June 23;»Deutschland ...July'
Pennsylvania ..June 2* Belsravia July 8
•Has grillroom and tsymnasium on board.
tWill call at Dover only.
HAMBURG-AMERICA!* X.X2TE.
Offices ."to and 37 Broadway. New Tork.
HSRZO'a & CO.. 41>1 CALIFOHXIA ST.
o. /?- & /v. co.
COLTTMBIA sails June 16. 2«. July 6. 11 a-i<i
28L GEO VT, ELDER sails June 21. July T.
11 21 and 31. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND OR., and sSort rail line from Portlan.l
to all "points East. Through tickets to all
points. Steamer tickets Include berth an.l
; meals' Steamer sails foot of Sp»ar »t. at 11
a n> " S F BOOTH. Gen. A«. Paw. Dept.. I
I Montgomery B t.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery at.
qceanics.s.co.n»^;|
g. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. &iinoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thurs.. June lti. 2 p m.
I S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. June 23. 11 tm.
s'.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a. m.
I.S.SFSECKELS 4 B203. C0.,£lt3.,TiCftt 02« 5i3 lK-
teL, rieUM 0l23iinriJtiL. FbrUfiali E
tOMPAONIE 8S3ZBALS TBAff3AT&13T!3C£.
DIRECT LXSE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -<»>_,
Sailing every Thursday Instead ot-JRtjprk
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. trom Pier Vi.^m'XQS.*'
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, *4.". and upward. GEN-
ERAL. AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. PacMc Coast
i Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San FrancUco.
j Ticket* sold by. air Railroad Ticket Agents.
| - To TJ. S. If avy Jfard and VaUejo.
| STMRS. GEN. FIUSB1E. MONTICELLO and
ARROW— 9:t5 A. Jl.; 12:3V nocn. 3:13 P. M..
6:00 P. M.. 9:30 P. M. t ex. Sunday); Sundays
9:43 A.' M.'. 9:S0 P. ai. Leave VaJlejo 7:co
A. M., 9:00 A. M., 12:30 XOO.\\ 7:15 V. M..
1 6:00 P. M. (ex. Sunday); Sundays 7:<X> A. M..
1 4:15 P. M. Fare one way, 50c. Landing and
I of nee. Pier 2. foot Mission »t. Fhon« Mala
1508. HATCH BROS.
To U. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J- Corcoran — Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay St., north end of ferry brdg. — Week days.
0:30 A. M-. 3 and **,P. -M.: Sundays, O.^O
A. M.. 8 P- M. Leave Vallejo— Week days.
«:50 A. M.. 12:20 and- 5:30 P. M.; Sundays. 5
P. M. Fare. 23c each way. Excursion rates.
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martinez.
5(>c round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODAL1«
CO.! phone. Main 6-11. 'Saturday excepted. .
ThTWeil} Call
[ $1 per Year*
ADVEBTISEMENTa
ADVEETISE2riENT&. j
1,^-AHoPBlWTmgJ.
AT CUT PRICES ! I
Not withstanding my low prices,
my dffvc-lopinp and printir.gr work are
oY the highest prad<». I save rny pa- ;
trons money, time and trouble. See
th<se figures and then send in trial
order:
DETXLCi'izrO:
Roll of S .lOoiP.oll of 12 15c
PKIKTIN3:
Solio finish. . 3c-5c | V«-lox finish. .3a-6o
SEND l\ A TRIAL ORDER NOW.
Cameras of all kinds repaired at
moderate rates.
DATXIGET LOADIKO FILMS Of all
popular sizes at popular prices.
Kail Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
P. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 Market Street, above PowjII.
San Francisco.
"FAST COLOR"
Of .whatever degree of delicacy is
not harmed in the cleansing tfy our
system of handling.
Send us that fancy shirt of yours !
on trial and note the pleasure you
experience when it's unwrapped on
its return.
We'll call for it if you but say the
word- •
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
< 1004 UASECI ETKEET.
Telephone South 420.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GKEAT KESTOKATIVE. INVIUUKa-
tor and Nervine.
Tbe moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
Tbe Mexican Reov^jr for Diseases of tat
Kidseyi and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALPS * BRUXE, Asmta.
t2S Market st. 8. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
C Do you ever think your boy
plays too hard?
C I tell you a boy that knows how l
to play has good stuff in him. He'll
work all the better for it' bye j
IH But remember, he's burning up
a lot of energy. I
C Give him plenty of "FORCE."
A boy can eatBy crow Ihla and itarved and auemle, even i* he
does «tuff hia stomach three ttaw« a day— unless th« food ia the,
r'.ghteort, «*
It isn't what you tat that counts-Tit** °**y what dltestx— the
part that is absorbed and builds up muscles and nerves and brain.
i "FORCE" Is the ideal food for erowin» children, because K not
only digests Itself but helps to digest the other food substances ,-"j Trolley line managements are not dis-
I posed to leave the luxuries of travel to
the steam roads any longer than neces
sary to get Into the field with • the
equipment that furnishes all the com
forts of home. It Is but a short time
since sleeping cars were put in service
between Indianapolis and Columbus,
these cars being designed to do duty as
parlor cars during the day, and trans-
I formed Into sleeping cars at night, by
} means of removable screens and posts,
1 all of which are stored under tne car
j floor during the day. Now comes a
j dining car service between Cleveland
and Toledo, and It is run on the same
plan as those on long, through runs of
steam railroads.— Express Gazette.
Trolley Line Sleeper?.
Visitors From the Golden
State.
ST. LOUIS. June- 13.— The following
CaHfornians have registered at the ex
position: .
¦ aUameda — George Seaman. A. E. Fox, Mrs.
J H. Stark, Miss Molly Stark.
" San • Diego — Mrs. Rufus Choate. Rufus
Cheat*.
Berkeley — J. K. McLean. J. R. Thomson.
Inglewood — Miss A. J. Kclao.
Mill Valley— J. T. Magner and family.
San Ma teo— Charles F. Roedei.
Ocean Park— Mrs. Sarah O. Nash.
Berkeley— R. P. Blake.
Pan Diego — D. L. Jones.
Crows Landing— Mrs. B. T. McCullouga.
Los Gatoa — Frank Malcolm.. ;¦>• ; --
Danville^ — Mrs. M. M. Collins.
¦ Hollywood — Mrs. J. M. Erdman. A. E. Erd
mun. L. A. Erdman, U Erdman.
Petaluma— Mrs. O. H. Lutx. » l --»;. : .-
Santa Rosa.— Mr. and Mrs. J. Barndt. *
Salinas — J. E. Shaf er.
Uvermore— H. R. Cram. L. J. Cram and
W RedIands— 1L L. B. Hilla.
Oleander— Miss A. Elliott.
' Pomona- — Lewis Wrizht.
Santa Ana — D. H. Thomas. . B. R. Thomas.
R. McFadden. Mrs. R. McFadden. Miss A.
McFadden.
Sacramento— N_ K. Foster, E. B. HalL
Santa Clara — O. H. Hyde. ¦
Inzomar — N. E. Hanser. Marion Hanser.
• Long Beach — M. Irene Patterson.
Santa' Rosa — C." F. Hewitt. \
Vlsalia — Mies Hester Adamson. -^ IJ
HanXord— Mrs. J. E. UcCreary. -^4,
Reslsters at Fair Contain Xames of
exposition attracts
maxy cauforntaxs
r."ETX TCRK. June 13.— A. T. Weaterrelt. a
TT?fs:i*T of the Cciso'.ilated Stock acd Petro
:<-.:m Exchange, announced his «czpesc!ca "t<v
<!ay. Westerrelt had been a nieasber ef tht
exchange tisea Hay 13. 1303.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo.. June 13.—
Sheriff Bell this afternoon sent out two
heavily armed and mounted posses
through the country west of this city.
It was reported to him that a number
Will Search for Miners Believed to Be
In Ilidlnz.
TWO POSSES SENT OX7T.
ST. LOCIS. June 13 —The lesg delayed por
trait of the Dowsiger Err.press of China ftaal'y
arrived te-4ay frcsj San FTaaciac© ar.3 wti
lEiaeSlately takes to tfce Art Palace at tht
expoaitlon. where It wu csveiled.
i Eir Benjamin Stone, -who is sending a
collection of his Parliamentary photo
graphs to the St. Louis Exhibition, has
the finest assortment of views ot little
known London. Camera and he have
gone all around the would together,
but that is the case In every globe
trotter's story, says the London St.
Jame's Gazette. Where he beats us
all is in getting exposures of places
that we all ought to know, but do not
There is scarce an Inch of the Houses
of Parliament which he has not photo
graphed, and not a member of note in
either House of whom he has not got
a negative. He Is the despair and ad
miration of the amateur and profes
sional • photographer alike. Photo
graphy is his pet pursuit. He is a
devoted parliamentarian, and may al
ways be relied upon for the division
bell, but often enough he has to be
summoned from the cellars of the
House where he Is developing in a little
dark room specially fitted up for his
work. He is industrious enough to
deserve success. During the recent re
cess he attended his funeral in the
Highlands. He was only there as
photographer; the funeral had been
1 organized for his benefit. There was
I no corpse. — Exchange.
Attended His Own Funeral.
EEHLrN. Jure 13. — Prince George . and
Fricw Cccrad cf Ea\~arla left for New Tcrk
yesterday iscnftlto. After vlsitlrg tht St.
Z*--'.9 Expoeitlon and soae cf the leading
c'v.»» of the L'nlted States they will continue
their Jocrrey around th<» world.
It Is almost as lucky for a girl to
wear a four-leaf clover In her shoe as
for a man to see her pat It there.
ST LOCIS. June 13.— Laton J. L*W. t*9<i
63 a wealthy .real estate Ae*Ur ot Philadel
phia droptxfd dead to-night while retarniaj ta
his hotel trom th« World* ¦ Fair.
President of Cripple Creek Union Held
on Jlurder Charge.
DENVER. Colo., June 13.— C. G. Ken
nison, president of Miners' Union No.
40 of Cripple Creek, was arrested this
afternoon by City Marshal Moore of
Goidfield as he was going to the head
quarters of the deported miners in this
city. The charge against him Is mur
der, for alleged participation in the
blowing up of the Independence depot
with dynamite.
Kennison did not resist arrest, but
after his arrest he got into an alter
cation with Moore, and the Marshal
struck him on the head with a re
volver, making a scalp wound.
Kennison declared that he knew
nothing of the explosion.
KEXMSOX UNDER ARREST.
King Edward has reduced the art of
smoking to its simplest terms. He usu
ally smokes cigars of the choicest Cu
ban brand, and he generally makes use
of four a day. The cigars preferred by
the King are rather short, full-barreled
and of medium strength. Occasionally
when in the billiard-room the King in
dulges in a pipe, and a pipe is often
smoked over the morning's correspond
ence. His Majesty's favorite method of
using tobacco is in the form of cigar
ettes^—Exchange^
What King Edward Smokes.
The portrait of the Empress Dowager j
of China was unveiled in the Art Gallery j
of the St. Louis Exposition yesterday j
with great pomp and ceremony. You may j
buy a gas range f rqm S. F. Gas and I
Electric Co.. 415 Post street. •
Due northwest of Quetta. on the
Afghan frontier, but in Indian terri
tory, is New Chaman. A correspond
ent, writing to the Calcutta English
man, says that "a considerable scare"
has been caused there by the proceed
ings of a man from across the border.
Complaining that his wife had run
away from htm into British territory,
he demanded that she should be
searched for and made over to him.
"On the local authorities professing
their inability to comply, he said
he would do mischief, and con
tinue doing it until his wife was re
stored to him. In pursuance of this
resolve, he a few davs back, took up
his position on an unfrequented by
road which the officers of the garri
son use, meaning to shoot a European.
The first man passing was a down
country cowman, known as a Gowalla
or Ghosl, Into whom he put a charge
of slugs, killing him and leaving be
hind some writing on a slip of paper
of his determination as above stated.
Since then he has managed to dig or
blow up a portion of the piping of
the local water works, thereafter get
ting across the Afghan border,
whence he sends threatening messages.
As matters stand there is no way of
securing an extradition from the
Amir's territories even of murderers."
—London Daily Telegraph.
At War for a Wife.
S{>ecial Trip to the World's Fair Via
Grand Canyon.
The California Camera Club have made
arrargemer.ts with the Santa Fe for
their trig to the World's Fair, starting
from San Francisco 9:30 a. in.. June 16.
stopping over two full days 'at the
Grand Canyon. Stops will also be made
2t other points of inter-st.
Parties desiring to join this special
rxeursicn should apply at once. No. 641
Market street, for sleeping car accom
modations. Sleepers -will be run throug-h
• ¦ St. Louis via the Grar.d Canyon, pass
ing the ancient Cave and CV.S Dwellings,
iaa Villages, Petrified Forest and the
r.rst settled portion of the United States.
Take your camera, for there are^nany
wonderful sights along the route you
will desire to preserve.
This excursion will be personally con
ducted by Mr. W. J. Street of Califor
nia. Camera Club. Ladies traveling alone
will be riven special attention, while the
•elect character of the party guarantees
prelection and comfort for alL
This a.n*or<la a gTand opportunity for
t»a?her» g^a others w"ho expect to go
East to visit and see for themselves the
prandest scer-try in America. The Grand
Canyca of Arizona, a mile deep, thirteen
niles wide, 217 miles long and painted
like a Cower. President Roosevelt visit
ed the Grand Canyon May 6. 1903. He
eaid: "It nils in* with awe. It is be
vfsd comparison, beyond description, the
grandest scenery in the world."
Th* Ear.ta Fe train takes you direct to
the rim of the Canyon. For descriptive
matter and Zull particulars call at No.
641 ilariet strert. San Francisco. •
TANGIER. June 13.— The British Min
ister here confirms the reports that
nearly all of Ralasoull's terms have
been granted by the Sultan of Morocco,
whose reply has been forwarded to
Raissouli. It is hoped that this will sat
isfy the bandit chief and that the cap
tives will be released immediately. •
WASHINGTON. June 13.— If all goes
well Perdlcaris will be released next
Wednesday. It is estimated that it will
require this length of time for the mis
eion which has gone to his relief with
the ransom demanded to reach the
brigand's camp.
LONDON. June 14. — The correspond
ent of the Times at Tangier says that
an attempt was made to kidnap the
Italian Consul at Laracne. but It failed
because of a timely warning conveyed
to the Consul.
Washington Expects the
American Captive to Be
Set Free on Wednesday
"HOPE FOR PERDICAUIS
The deepest sounding ever made by
any vessel was by the United States
ship Nero while on the Honolulu-
Manila cable survey. When near Guam,
the Nero got 5269 fathoms, or 31.614
feet, only 65 feet less than « miles. If
Mount Everest, the highest mountain
on earth, were set down in this hole it
would have above Its summit a depth
of 2612 feet, or nearly half a mile of
water. The greatest depth from which
any life has been secured was 4173
fathoms. This was ia the South Pa
cific, between Tonga afld Elllce islands.
The dredge brought up silicious
sponges, radiolarians and brown vol
canic mud. The greatest depth from j
which nshes have been brought up is J
2949 fathoms, or about three and a half *
miles. This was in the edge | of the j
Gulf Stream off the coast of Virginia.— |
Exchange. » ¦
Great Ocean Depths.
The Palace. Restauant, Kelly Hard
ware Company, Opljir Hardware Com
pany, Goldstein's clothing-store, Kupel
Bros, (dry goods), Ophir Salon and
Alexander Company's dry goods Store
are among those already burned.
is raging at 2 o'clock this (Tuesday)
morning at Oroville. It started about
1:15, back of the Palace Restaurant,
and has already burned one block, with
a loss of from $30,000 to $40,000.
A telephone message to the Union
says that the fire is not under control
and there are feara that it will cross
the street and take another block.
The origin of th« fire is not known
at present. . • . . . . ¦
SACRAMENTO, June 14.— A big fire
On the other hand, the employers of
labor will place themselves on record
as against any lowering of the existing
scale of wages and hours.
After a conference between repre
sentatives cf various local unions and
of the mine owners and the Citizens'
Alliance, at which good feeling was
shown on both sides, the employers
agreed to make a full and frank state
ment concerning their attitude toward
all organized Labor. A committee was
to-day preparing a draft of such
statement, which will be submitted to
the central committee for approval be'
fore it is made public. Emplo-vers say
that no radical action will be taken,
except as to the Western Federation
of Miners and kindred organizations.
The statement will declare that the
domination of the Western Federation
of Miners will not be longer tolerated
in the Cripple Creek district.
The walking delegate and the boycott
also will be declared against. The dis
trict trades assembly as now consti
tuted, the employers say, must 'be
abandoned.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo.. June 13.—
Practically all the large mines in the
district which closed down last Mon
day after the dynamite outrage at In
dependence were working to-day.
Creek Gold Producer*.
Work Is Resumed in the Cripple
MIXES HAVE REOPENED.
Moorish Brigands Foiled in
Attempt to Kidnap Agent
of the Rome Government
FIRE RAGING
AT OROVILLE
WARNING SAVES
ITALY'S CONSUL
Oakland Chamber of Commerce party
were H. A. Powell and family of San
Francisco and Oakland, and Miss Re
millard of the latter city; Gustave
Gutsch, a San Francisco attorney,
whose home is in Oakland, and E- A.
Barnes, Bradstreets' superintendent in
San Francisco, who also resides in
Oakland. .The members of the excur
sion will not soon forget their eventful
trip and feel satisfied that tl-ey have
experienced everything known in the
way of obstacles to railroad travel, ex
cept a train robbery, and think the only
reason they escaped a hold-up was that
the bandits became tired' waiting for
the delayed train. Their main regret
was the failure to obtain a eood look
at Salt Lake City.
Among the prominent Fresno County
people here are J. Tillman. City Engi
neer of Fresno, and family; Dr. J.
Davidson and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Sned
den, J. Q. Anderson, lumber manufac
turer, and wife; Wiley M. Griffin, a
fruit grower of Fowler, and wife, and
Thomas Yost, also a fruit grower, and
wife.
D. H. Thomas, banker, and Robert
McFadden. .capitalist, of Santa Ana
and both directors of the Orange Coun
ty Chamber of Commerce, are here to
look at the exhibit of their county.
They were well satisfied with it and
congratulated Commissioner Joplin on
Its success.
Laureston Fish of the Hanford Sen
tinel and his mother. Mrs. D. D. Fish,
are visiting the exposition. A. B. BucK
ner, the Hanford orchardist, is here
with his wife. Miss Babcock, principal
of the Laton School, is seeing the
sights of the fair, as is also R- M.
Bostwick of Laton. %
Among leading Los Angeles people
here are Henderson Hayward, a mil
lionaire, and Mrs. Fannie B. Tate. a
capitalist. Mrs. M. J. Laurent, a land
owner of Oxnard, and Miss Petit of
the same place, are here together. Dr.
and Mrs. Maulhardt of Oxnard, Rus
sell Walker, a bean grower, and W.
E. Mercer, a poultry raiser, both of
Ventura, are also here.
George H. Stanford, a mechanic of
Augusta, Me., who represents thirty
other well-to-do mechanics who wish
to settle in the land of fruits and
ffowers, paid a visit to the California
section in the Palace of Agriculture
a few davs ago. George Dennis, the
Ventura Commissioner, talked to him
of that county and the party will visit
it first. These mechanics and their
families will soon start for California.
They have enough money to buy small
homes.
Samuel Butler, Nevada County's
commissioner to the mining exhibit.
Is a very sick man. He is Buffering
from malarial fever.
Plaw, Hall and Snedigar, who com
peted in the open handicap events at
the Stadium, quartered while here at
the Missouri Athletic Club, a fine new
St. Louis Institution on the plan of
the Olvmplc Club of San Francisco,
and trained at the Christian Broth
ers' track. There was some humidity
in the atmosphere when they came,
but all declared they were in no way
affected by the change In climate.
F. H. Schauer, son of the Auditor of
Santa Barbara County, and clerk In
the office of the Speaker of the House
of Representatives at Washington, la
at the fair on his way* home.
Alexander McLaln, postmaster at
Lompoc, Is viewing the exposition.
Portervllle— Sarah H. Laeete.
Eureka— Mr. and Mrs. N. B. Joaasien.
Ventura — J. P- Walker.
Merced — M. King.
Santa Cruz— Mr. and Mrs. M. A. Rice. M.
A. Rice Jr.
Stockton— J. D. Cray. J. A. Sanford.
South Paaadesa — J. P. Boyd. Miss A. Leeca.
A. J. C Juers, Xonnan K. Juers.
Pa!o Alto — A. W. Cuddeback.
Stanford University— H. T. Wagner. Brown
E. Jeraldlne, Mrs. R. M. Loeser. F. W.
Bancroft, E. 5 s . Bancroft. Hairy W. Belt.
San Rafael— J. V. Hughes. Mr. and Mrs. W.
A Rice.
Chlco — E. R. Comstock.
WEST POINT, N\ T., June 13.—
Lieutenant Colonel P. Edgarton. pro
fessor of mathematics In the Military
Academy, is at the point of death
with an affection of the heart.
West Point Instructor Dyinc
to cosnmlt barglary ia Judge Dunne's court
; est'riay and »1U b» sentenced u>-morraw.
He waa tried ia D*j*^tir:€ct 12 last Thursday
<- n a charje of bur^Ury. tut the jury cUsagretsl.
T v .» tss* was then assigned to Judge Dunne'*
eocrt. Pncr entered the room of Ross Varnum
s.t 1» Ellis street on the morning of January 1-
recover f 12.000 for the wrf-ck of the lumber
t-oar Alcaide at Aberdeen. Wash., Andrew As-
U*r>on and other* allege thai th«»y are cot the
• ¦wners ar.d operators of the tt^ Printer, which,
*t was al'.eg-ed, wu responsible for tfce wreck
I !»;i-jre to tow tbe beat into proper anchor
age.
FETOR' PLEADS GL'ILTY.— Jcfcn Pryor *ai
aUowed to p!ea<i fUBXj to a charye of attempt
ia the police yesterday that while she wiB
c:o*sir.g ti* bay en SucijAy afternoon on the
?4?rry-boa.t 3erite>y ehe piaceii her purse on
J;er lap. When th* boat reached thl« «lde o£
the bay the discovered that tfce purse tai dis
appeared- It contained J2 45 asi socie ticket*.
FAVORS BEQUESTS TO CHARITY.— The
frwipreme Oocrt decided yesterday that B&rcn
I> M-^rcfcist cannot Sure the $^S4^ !» which
his ra<7ther devl*ed Sn her win to the Oakland
R*rd CroR* Society. The court says that it will
afwYTt upheld charitable bequests "if a way
cmn fee found to do so without violating scand
reason and recognized pnscir"'?9 of law.''
DO NOT OTTX TUG. — In their answer to th«
suit of the Northwestern Lumber Cpcpary to
b**n -a;* tc erter hU hoese. The wir» screen
en an epea wlaio* In the b«»<?neat had been
t.?rr: oS; but, as aa entrance bad not be«n
cfT'rtfd. it 1j turpese-i tfce burglar had been
seared mr- *
THIEF CN' A FEEP.T-EOAT. — M!ss E.
F/urzaliso, SCO Center street. Oakland, reported
cuse! cf the th«?f* of a gold witch and dxa
zr-or.i risfz on Mai^et ctreet a chert tlsie &ga.
BURGLAR SCARED AWAT.-A. D. Kl=*.
1534 Hyde itreet, repcrted to the pclice yester
<;«>• that en Euniay mcrcin* aa a-t'ezept had
TTOMAN ARRESTED FOR THIEVERT.—
E«:ia Kenny, who r««:d#« at S24 Fourth
*trt«t. *aj «rre*te3 last ni^ht by D»tecilT»
Colemai: »nd her name wa» entered on the
detir.ue tocfc at the City Prt*oo_ She t» ac-
BRIEF CITY- NEWS.
OMAHA, June 13. — Bertha Green,
who describes herself as a "colored
lady of African descent," has started
a suit against the Pullman Palace Car
Company for SSOO damages. She al
leges that on May 25 last she was a
passengrer on the Omaha road coming
from St. Paul, Minn. She says she
tendered the conductor $2 and asked
for a berth. He told her that colored
persons could not be given berths In
the Pullman car. On account of the
humiliation and being: compelled to
8it up all night, she alleges she is en
titled to the :jum asked for.
Asks for $800 for Humiliation She
Suffered Throucli Refusal of De
fendant to Allow Her Berth.
N*EGRESS SUEfS PUIiLMAN
COMPAW FOR DA3IAGES
SAX JOSE. June 13. — All the local
tin sheet metal workers went on
strike to-day for an increase of wajes
from S3 50 to J4 a day.
San Jose Metal Workers Strike.
Miss Pearl Hart, daughter of a well
known fruit grower of West Park,
Fresno County, is enjoying the sights
of the fair as the winner of one of
five prizes offered by the Fresno Even
ing Democrat. Miss Hart is accom
panied by Miss Alma Norton of Fres
no and nothing of interest is escaping
them. They came with a number of
other visitors from Fresno. Miss Hart's
grandmother and aunt reside In Van
dalia. Mo., and h^r'trip will be doubly
pleasant, as she will visit them, before
returning home.
Drs. John H. Graves and W. W. Wy
more, prominent young practitioners
in San Francisco, the first named being
connected with the French and the
latter with the City and County Hospi
tal, took in the fair this week, on their
way to attend Eastern medical clinics.
Dr. Wymore was accompanied by his
wife, and Henry Boyesen, the Valencia
street druggist, was also of the party.
The medical _men were surprised and
pleased to meet Dr. John Gallagher
at the Southern. The three are alumni
of Cooper Medical College and all serv
ed as internes in the City and County
Hospital upon their graduation. Dr.
Graves, upon his arrival, devoted
nearly an hour to inditing a letter.
Upon being asked if he was "writing
a book" by an impatient member of
his party, he replied:
"No, sir, I'm writing an apology to
some Missouri friends of mine in San
Francisco for any contumely I may
have heaped upon their State. Califor
nia is the greatest State in the Union
and the place where everybody in the
world ought to live, but after that trip
across this State from Kansas City, I
want to express in some way my ad
miration for Missouri. Those unbroken
miles and miles of fertile farms with
vegetation that seems to leap into the
air as the spring comes on and shows
Missouri's tremendous wealth of
cereals and live stock makes me give
her second place in the Union."
Among those who came with the
Many little parties are being made
up in California for visits to the fair
and all who come seem to thoroughly
enjoy the exposition and the city of
St. Louis, which, while -very different
from San Francisco in the matters of
color and gayety, has many quaint
and interesting features and does a
tremendous volume o£ business that
impresses all commercial men. Among
the visitors who have arrived during
the week are Charles Adams, the San
Jose capitalist, who is president of the
Murphys Slough Water Company in
Kings County. With him are his
mother, Mrs. Burrel. and his three
half-sisters, Miss Vera Burrel, Miss
May Burrel and Miss Lulu Burrel.
They are doing the fair together and
are having a good time.
Frank Dexter, a prominent farmer
of Saratoga, and Dr. Davies, member
of the board of control of the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, are also here.
They, and all Santa Clarans, are de
lighted "with the showy "house of
prunes" erected by their county and
visitors from every part of the State
take pride in it, for it is an elaborate
and novel exhibit.
CALL. BUREAU, WORLD'S FAIR.
June 13.— This has been another Cal
ifornia week. The regular arrivals of
people from the Golden State were
greater than at any previous time and
the influx was augmented by the ex
cursion from Alameda, under the aus
pices of the commissioners from that,
county. As on the days the Califor
nia Press Association and the excur
sionists who came under care of the
State Board of Trade were here, there
have been Californiana everywhere on
the grounds.
Except for two days" heavy rain,
when the skies seemed to be getting
rid at once of all the water they had
left over from winter, the visitors
from the West have been treated -to
the finest of weather. The hot spell
has been delayed and many think St.
Louis is going to be favored with an
other cool summer. After the "un
usual" winter she has struggled
through she certainly is entitled to
something of a better sort. The St.
Louisians are an honest people,
though, and even the most loyal ones
will not make any predictions of
pleasant July and August days.
BY PAUL. EDWARDS.
"When the explosive was discovered
a. lay brother had lighted all of the
candles except one. He made several
unsuccessful attempts to ignite the
wick ar.d then took the candle from
tta socket to investigate. The wick
was fa pood order and the brother
lighted Jt without trouble, but when
he replaced it in the socket it went
out. Then he removed both candle and
holder and discovered a fuse fastened
to the candlestick, which was attached
to dynamite under the altar. This
fuse was so arranged that when the
candle had burned for a certain time
It would have Ignited and caused an
explosion which undoubtedly would
have destroyed the building and prob
ably caused great loss of life.
ST. LOUIS. June 13.— The inability
cf a lay brother to light one of the
candies ca the altar of the Church of
St. Anthojzy. belonging to th« Fran
ciscans in South St. Louis, led to the
discovery cf enough dynamite under
the altar ta have blown the church to
atoms. Ordinarily the candles are
lighted enly on Tuesdays, when special
devotions in hener of the laint are be
ing held. J
Sj*ctai Di«ra.tch to The Call
Delegation From the County
Across the Bay Arrives
and Takes In the Sights
Fuse Leading to the Explo
sive Is Attached to a
Candle Used jn . Services
DISCOVERY IS TDIELY
of men had gone out and were secreted
at the ranches in that locality. It said
that for the past tv.o days teams have
been coming to town and hauling out
arms and ammunition. An effort will
be made to capture all of the men that
are In the vicinity of "West Four Mile
and Xorth Four Mile and the entire
country will be searched.
The objective point of one posse is
the Keseel ranch. Kessel is a brother
of President Kessel of the Anaconda
Miners' Union. It is said that the men
who are in that vicinity are heavily
armed and a battle may occur.
The deportation train scheduled to
leave here to-day will not get away
before to-morrow. The safety com
mittee finished the work of examining
witnesses this morning and it is be
lieved that all of the prisoners now
confined in the '"bull pen" will go out
on the next deportation.
ALAMEDANS OX'GROUXDS
Says Union Men in Cripple Creek District Admit
That Their Cause Is Lost and Are Returning to
Work Under Conditions Laid Down by Employers
DENVER. Colo., June 13.— "I think
the war is nearly over," said Governor
Peabody to-day. "I have news from
General Bell that the Cripple Creek
mines are open and running to-day
and there is comparatively little dis
affection among the men. There is no
news of further trouble or any likeli
hood of any. 1 don't know how many
men will be deported, or whether any
more will be. I have heard nothing on
that point. I learn from Captain Bul
keley Wells of Telluride that the union
men there concede that their cause i*
lost and that those of them who axe
acceptable to the mine owners are al
ready at work again. One hundred
and fifty capable men. whether union
cr non-union, have been invited to go
to work and the invitation will be
speedily accepted. In Silverton and
Ouray peace reigns. The troops have
all been ordered from Las Animas
County and only Major Hill remains
to look after the closing up of the de
tails of the campaign."
Oorvernor Peabody sent the following
reply to a message he received from
the Industrial Council of Kansas City.
condemning his action:
DENVER. Cclo.. June 13. 1904- —J. J. Huck
ett. S«:retary Industrial Council. Kansas City,
Mo". : The fact that your council indorses th«
assassination*, the train wrecking and ilyr.a
mlUBff by the lawless element ia the CrippU
Creek <ilitrict but proves the necessity for my
present actioo In suppressing all euoh from
the soil cf Colorado. Become wise before you
attempt to teach.
JAME6 H. PEABODT. GoTtaor.
Governor Peabody also sent the fol
lowing dispatch in reply to a request
from an Eastern newspaper for a
statement of his reasons "for permit
ting Colorado troops to dump ninety
one union miners on the Kansas line,
leaving them destitute on the prairie,
miles from habitation":
Th« reason for deporting strikers and agita
tors frcca Cripple Creek was the dynamite out
rage of June 8. whereby fourteen non-union
miners were killed, and the subsequent street
riots and klKi::i? of two non-union miners by
the same element. Suitable provlelon was eent
en the tame train with the agitators. No cases
of hunger cr suffering are reported. The con
stitution of Colorado commands the suppression
cf Insurrection by such means as may be neces
sary.
Th« statement published from the headquar
ters of the Western Federation of Miner* to
the effect that the present strike- was called by
a referendum. vote and for the purpose of es
tablishing an eight-hour day Is erroneous and
false. The strike was arbitrarily called by th«
executive committee of the Western Federation
of Miners and protested ajrainst by three
fourths of the miners In the Cripple Creek dis
trict. The eight-hour day bad been estab
lished and reccgnlxed for ten years past, and
employer and employed were satisfied and
wcrkins ia harmony.
Rioting; dynamiting ar.i anarchy bar* had
their day in Colorado.
Dynamite Is Found Under
the Altar of a Francis
can Edifice in St. Louis
Golden State Represented
by Large Numbers at the
Exposition at St. Louis
PLOT TO BLOW
UP A CHURCH
CALIFORNIANS
FLOCK T0 FAIR
COLORADO'S GOVERNOR DECLARES
PEACE RESTORED AT THE MINES
THE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 14. 1904.
The cynical bachelor observes that
the best husbands, like the biggest fish,
are those that get away r
5
DCnSQQQBnBBEQQCElEiSfiBHBHBOBaBHSflCBBaBBBBBlIBa
*"Just What I Want" s
"Z am aerroui and run down now, n
but Z will be all right is a week." g
It Cures Herrous Men. ~
Cures' Female Weakness. g»
Cures Back Fains. H
Cures Stomach Troubles. ES
Dr. McLaughlln's Electric Belt is a pep- ¦
ular vr.'iiy nowadays. «It is tbe only rem- 0
fir which will cure while yen sleep. Just g
put It on when you f> to bed. feel tM n
"warm, glowtnjr vitality jroin* into your ¦¦
weakened parts and restcrinf their life and H
vlg-cr. asd not a moment's inconvenience. 9
And you don't have to dose your H
cocr Stomach with nasty drugv- This p
— s
BHEtTMATISM A5S STOMACH ' . 5
CATAEBH CUBED. ~
DR. McLAL'GHLIX— Dear Sir: On* J*
cou'.d not Imagine the sleue of suffering I H
passed through from stomach trouble and ¦
rheumatism. I was subjected to severe m
drug treatment, atoxnarh pump treatment 1
and diet treatment, without th« least re- E
lief. I grew disgusted m-lth them all. and ¦
as a last resort tried your b*lt two years ¦
ago. In three days I could Ring away my ¦
,-, . cane, and In tbre« months was a new pi
•¦ man. entirely cured, and felt better than I had for years. Several of my friends have J"
C since purchased your belts. I wcu!d not rart with mine for Jinoo If I could not H
¦ set another. Tours troly. JOHN B. GUAT, Tomal«?s. JIarin Co., CaL ¦
m Th s rr.xr. was ccred two*years ago. n
r CDFP TCCT I wlU be glad to give you a free t*st it you will call. Or 1 j~
- rlvUU I UJI will «nd you my FREE BOOK, with full Information, *•
'-* scaled, free IX yo-J will send this ad. H
S Hr M C /Vlrl 906 Market St. S
g Office Hour* — % a. n». to 8:30 p. ra.; Sundays. 10 t6 X. gj
CSQannaBQBnBBBBiaBQBBBBnBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaa
DB. PIEBCE'S BEllEDrES.
WHO CANNOT BE CURED.
Backed up by over a thW of a century
of remarkable and uniform cures, a record
such as no other remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar to women ever
attained, the proprietors and makers of
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription now feel
fully warranted in offering to pay $500 ia
legal money of the United States for any
case of Lencorrhea, Female Weakness,
Prolapsus, or Falling of Womb, which they
cannot cure. All they ask is a fair and
reasonable trial of their means of cure.
¦ I was a great sufferer for six years and doc-
tored all the time with a number of physicians
but did not receive any benefit," writes Mrs.
George Soyden. of 641 Bonda Street. Smrinaw
(South), Michigan. "I had riven np all hope of
ever getting- better. Thoojrht I would write to
you. Whea I received your letter telling me
what to do I commenced to take roar ! Favorite
Prescription* and follow yonr advice. I' have
taken ten bottles in all, also five vials of the
' Pleasant Pellets.' Aa now regular, after hav-
ing missed two years and suffered with pain ia
the head and back. I was so nervous, could not
eat or sleep. Now I can thank you - for my
recovery."
Don't hesitate to write to Dr. K. V. Pierce,
chief consulting- physician to the Invalids'
Hotel and Surgical Institute, at Buffalo,
N.Y., if yon want pood medical advice from
a fully qualified physician as to your per-
sonal good health. Such letters are always
answered free of charge and confidentially.
A medicine which has outsold all others
for women in the past third of a
century and being recommended by all .
those who have used it, is a good remedy
to tie to. . Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescrip-
tion is purely vegetable and does not con-
tain a particle of alcohol to destroy | tbe
blood corpuscles and "weaken the system.
Do not permit tbe dealer to insult your
intelligence by suggesting some other com*
pound which he recommends as "just a*
good, T becaase he makes it bisuclfc
/I'nTBTtTTsAM KM' I'M- _
CONSUMPTION SSSn&m 1
iIR3. IVERSO?* SATS! • T
U.'sinX "My trouble b»san wita » s»ver» «>.i I.
X^J^. «. IlQ settled ta my laa«s. I had a very Mty
i^if l^^V /?3^'iWjI3k coueJj arid expectorated bad-:c'"ki=« itaff ?r?rr.
A7§?%!v®H my lunrs I became fr!u!-.:«nM *nd went n
j^^SSS* '* (r «t3T^lr ny hoc:- physician and he toll tr.» tia'. I nrc«
¥ Y§IT i> r» lllv immediately l»at- thi^» clin-.ati- and *a t-v Ari-
V /! .^J^'nl'L '¦*T5Se£J zona He saM that I wu in a vry serious
XLl Jn."^ZI^ c.-ndit'en asd tha: I could no: ll*; In Ciliior-
S^i 1-^erV* r.ia. It wa 3 a:rr..'«t !inpoa»lMe for me to Ieav«
.¦/i'#. 1L_ J I^rK^^^lk-. my chl'.drea and %o to Arisen*, and. rortii-
i w^ i/Tfr^vt»\^v na'eiy ' or »»• about thla tira \ l h r ard oi ,!^I
i 11 Mil It WftWl Electro-ChemJc treatment. VTten I cotwulted
i U - — "- Wlln , trllnu the Electro-Chemlc specUllst h» found my
/ If !&!///,> ' II II II if condition a *?riou» one an* told mm thar I had
f M /? //JSHh U \\ U HI come Jnat la time. At tSta tlm* I was haTtn«
1 rV/j/ffnufliti nlUol frlrhtrul pilrs ta my lungs, and I could hardly
\'y//JSl3\i'liwk BUHl Seep at S«ht for the coo«h. I had sue*
&/"$£&! fl&\ kl//y/ iwtSl night sw-ats that the bedclothlas waa
fcrV/^^V.V(Ma.L^i(/// * Imo « "-rated as U it had betT. dipped la
H \ f/AMSayft SA^ W' H If \ wat»r. This, cf c;ur*-. «»3 ta!ti=« ray
H \^»7///^^^ESL/ .treaifth rer>- rapidly, and 1 had lest »s™t
&l /Fa&ff/l // i 1 X. twenty pounds «» weight. I Ar> not rerr-rr.Nr
|*l *H/TQff'l If J§ I exactly, but I b«Jtev« that three Electro-
Chemle treatments stopped my night sweats, and lathe course rf two crthrw weeks ths
cough and the expectoration had eaUrely disappeared. | **tned we^ht 'n" 3 e JJ J^«
of the treatment, and was dismis«ed cured October the JSthj rf last «J r^»»
the winter months without the least .ympionvi of ai KKUTXot W treble, as It »
now over eirht months slace I iare np the Eleetro-Chemic I fetl jery .u^e t. .at
my cure was a thorough and permanent one. I had Inteaded to publish this testlraomal
when I gave up the treatment but 1 decided to wait and see I* the results ~™><* ** PT"
manent. I am very sure now" that my cure Is a tastlagr one a=d for that rea^n ha»e d»-
clded to make this public statement of i=y cure by the Electro-Chemic treatment asd te
recommend it to ether sufferers who are In need ox It.
(SlsTJed). MRS. A. O. IVERSON*. 2013 Cester st.. Berkeley. Cat
OTKER ELECTEO-CHEMIC SPECLVLTIES
THe Electxo-Caemic treatment Is just as successful la other serious maladle*.
and the foUowtaf diseases are quickly. tHorouyhly aad cieaply cured, a* or no
other treatment. We extend a cordial invitation to sufferers from any of th* fol-
lowing* diseases to come for free consultation. eraTnlriatlfln and trial treatment.
Electro-chemistry cure* quickly, cheaply and without epwrtlm:
CANCTEXS. TXTSeOBS. OLD TJLCXXS. XCS1TSIA. KHXTJ3«ATISai. JTETJUAL-
GIA. LOCOMOTOX ATAXTA. PABALTSIS, DEAP3TESS. KT.AD NOISES. CA-
TABBH. ASTH^tA, BBOSCHTIS, INSOMNIA. QOXTKE, BIIQaTB PXSBAgX.
DIABETXS. DTSFEFSXA. FILES, all Disease* Of the STOMACH. LITEB. lO-
NETS. BLADDER and BOWELS, all NEBVOUS DISEASES and SPECIAL DIS-
EASES OF MEN and WOMEN. __^_^
HOME TREAT^IENT
The Xlectro-Caemic home treatment is most successful. Fatients liTiaar at a
distance are loaned, free of charge, an expensive Electro-Ciemic outfit. Whea
possible It is always be«t for tne patient to pay one rlsit to the oSce for athor-
ot-jrn personal examination. Whea this) is impossible the patient should writ* a
full description of the principal symptom*, and full Instructions reirardiar the
home examination and treatment will be promptly forwarded, free of charge.
THE ELECTRO=CHEMIC INSTITUTE
118 Grant Ave., Corner Post St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
OFFICE HOURS— 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to S p. m-. dallr- Sundays Mi. n.
to 1 p. m. -. _____
S-F-JCATS AFAaTHEJTTS FOB, -ABIES AK3> GEJTTLEMXSr.
f^&$0$ IN LADIES' READY-TO-WEAR
\PP^ 1 GARMENTS.
t Look at these prices for FINE QUALITY, PERFECT-FITTING SHIRT WAISTS.
A It hardly pays to launder old ones now.
I $1.25 Fine Lawn Shirt Waists now 50c SI V K V X AISTS F0R A SON G.
( P $1.50 White Shirtwaists now... 75c A Iot of - Sil t k >Xf^ th . at h f" ? been , sIi S ht !y
«, --ixrt,-* clu «r • i «,- soiled in handling or trom being displaved in
$1.75 White Shirt \\ aists now 95c window s, all colors, were $8.50 to $ 5 00*, now
$3-50 and $4.50 Cheviot Waists now, to close are put on counter at one price. Your choke.,
out, special for $1-50 $3-50
Look at tfceac prices for ALL-WOOL #20.00 Trimmed Eton Ciir r\f\ All our «33.C0, $30.00. 127 J50. S35.00,
CHEVIOT CLOTS OBSSS BUSTS, Dresaes. now * la ' uu 313.OO and 815.00 Ltnen Dresses, la
TAII.0B MAJJI!: Et amlne Dresses, con (\t\ »^, aaes ' E0W - t0 c!ear oat «
$5.00 Black Cheviot Dress CO tO trimmed, now 5>aU.UU marked
Skirts now i?A.iJU a th TalIored c*>e nn 5»7 50 S 1 0 00 Si^^O
$5.00 Gray and Tan Cloth .eo en Dresses now $^5.UU J>/..">U, Ol-i.OU
Skirts now fss^O Elegant Model CO e f\t\ All our new white Embroidered I^awn
$8^0 Mohair Walking: «£- fifl Dresses now Shirt Waist Dresses, that have been
Skirts now .*. . V**«vU marked $4.00, $5.00 and S5J0 each.
Look at the*e prices for SH.X XTOHS n °^- to c 1098 out « * onr 5*^50
Look at these prices for feautae AND BLOUSES AJTO CLOTS choice * WlVV
MAN-TAILOBED 8UX3CSB OUT- BLOTXSES:
fl — SK^ T ?. : c . ~ $16iO and S18.00 Silk Cir| nfl I*«k »t tfce«a Jacket Prtc«« ud you
I $2^K) Crash Linen Skirts <| ( Q0 Jackets, silk lined, now will «nlc«r r«t aa Ida* of wH»t w«
§ now * $10.00 Cloth Blouse Jack- */i ef\ ar« dolar ta th« Jacket Dep«rtmeat:
|1 $2.00 Dark Duck Skirts Cl OfJ ets, silk lined V**.3U fiaOO Black Cheviot Jack- <>- nn
I now . ets. silk lined
I $3.00 White PlQue Skirts CI 75 look it theie I°5^ S ™J S - $10J» Dark Oxford Cheviot »- nn
I" now «?l.yi» Trimmed is Black, Bines and Tan Jackets 5?O-UU
m^m^. $1-75 «^3u ™. $7-50 »5»,s^€p:^ $9. 5 o
x r&sirs&2*'!!£xr& •i2 > rtS n T o r ; m ™: a ....™!! $9.50 512.50
•ilk lined, and all bave rored skirta. S20.CO Trimmed Voile oil s(\ ~ "
INotbliigr of equal value baa ever Skirts now «?4i.«?\/ imported Model Black Taffet* SXLX
been offered in Fancy Trimmed ¦ - JACKETS and *i -COATS:
Tallor-Made Dresses. ptae rmbroidered Oennine All-Llaea Were marked S40.0O to S9O.0O each.
$^?^~~Z0 $9-50 gSSSS^RS?'"*""* 11 " f^g^jS&'t $57.50
' COUNTRY OXDEXS FBOXFTLT PXLLED.
j l^O KErtRNY STREET, S. F 1 .
QgttH ai— ¦¦BB3CBW 11 WJi "II »*W— ¦ o^^^^pj^Bl^^*** —^ l^^*" l^^SO^>»«^* ll^^^^«^i^^^^^^^THREE OFFICERS OF PACIFIC
PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY,
AND ITS PRESENT PLANT.
NAIL TEARS HIS EYE.— While Tatrlck
Patton. a ahlp carpenter residing at 1103 Elev
enth avenue South, was handling a plank yes
terday at the works of Schultze Bros., Fifth
avenue anrt-K street South, the heavy timber
slipped from his hands. A nail partly driven
Into the plank caught in his eye, destroying Us
sight. Dr. Buell of the.l'otrero Hospital dressed
tfae wound. ' ¦,'•".
LUMBERMEN INCORPORATE.— Articles of
incorporation .were Hied yestenldy by the Cali
fornia Log ! and Boom ¦ Company. Its capital
etock Is itated at $200,000. divided Into 2000
shares of a par value of $100 each. -Its pur
noses are to drive and boom logs, acquire tlm-,
ber claims and conduct a ¦ timber and lumber
business. The Incorporated are B. P. Durphy
L.. B. Will lams, Robert B, Gaylord, Fred M.
Walttrorth and Charles A. Shurtleff.
Ernest J. Throckmorton was admit
ted to bail yesterday by United States
Commissioner James S. Manley. He
is charged with forging the indorse
ment "J. C. Waddle" on a postal
money order for $60, which he collect
ed at Gazelle, Siskiyou County. He
Will be arraigned on Friday.
Throckmorton's Ball Set.
. "John Trotty, a boy riveter employed
at the Union Iron Works, fell a dis
tance of twenty-five feet from a scaf
fold yesterday, receiving , two deep
lacerated wounds on the scalp. When
examined at the. Potrero Hospital by
Dr. Buell a fracture of the base of the
skull t was detected. Trotty lives with
his parents at 219 Mariposa street, to
which place he was removed.
Boy Falls From a, Scaffold.
It is therefore established as a pre
cedent that whe^e candlates get an
equal number of votes the "man who
£ets to the office first wins.
Joseph C. Wright tied Frank Ash
ton for first place in the race for Jus
tice of the Peace of Hot Springs, Napa
County, but the Superior Court and
the Supreme Court have both decreed
that he is not entitled to a draw. The
canvassing board declared that Ash
ton had been elected.
Wright contested ' and on the re
count it was found that each candi
date had received seventy-nine legal
votes. The proceeding was dismissed
and the costs were divided. That left
Ashton still In office. Wright appealed
to the Supreme Court on the ground
that he was entitled to something and
he has received near the Jugular all
that is his according to the law.
Rules of Law and of Athletics
Are Not Analogous.
Joseph Wright of Nnpa Learns That
TIES FOR FIRST PLACE
BUT CANNOT GET DRAW
United Statesj. District Judge de
Haven yesterduy overruled the de
murrer of the defendant in the case
of the United States vs. John Meyer,
indicted for opening a letter and em
bezzling $10 in currency that It con
tained. The letter was addressed to
John Lava at 34 Filbert street in this
city. The Judge held that the de
livery may have been made to the place
addressed and not to the person ad
dressed or to, his authorized agent.
The embezzlement or the destruction
of the letter before it has been actu
ally delivered to the person to whom
it was directed or to 'his authorized
agent is an offense under section 3892
of the Revised Statutes.
Meyer Must Be Tried.
• Last week the company was Joined
by Bennett Southard, a graduate of
the University of California, who has
been a member of the theatrical pro
fession for the last three years. Mr.
Southard made his flrst appearance to
night in "Charley's Aunt" and was
well received.
OAKLAND, June 13. — The new
company which opened the summer
season. last week at the Liberty Thea
ter made a very- favorable impression
in Broadhurst's comedy, "What Hap
pened to Jones?" and this evening: the
same company gave its first presenta
tion of the popular comedy, "Charley's
Aunt." The company is known as
Ye Liberty Stock Company and Is
.composed of the following well-known
people: Frank Bacon, William Glea
son, Donald , Bowles, George Bloom
quest, Robert Lawler, Louise Brow
nell, Marie Baker,- Anna Roberts,
Grace Goodall, Elspetti McNeill and
Frances Slosson.
New • Stock Company to Present a
Number of Excellent Comedies
Durinsc Xext Three Months.
SUMMER SEASON* OPENS
AT THE LIBERTY THEATER
ARRIVED.
Monday. June 13.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman, 33 hours from
Coos Bay.
Br stmr Wyefield. Watson, 4 days from Na
naimo.
SAUCED.
Monday, June 13.
Stmr Klizabeth, Jensen. Coqullle River.
LONDON. June 1.1.— Disgusted wtth the In
hospitable reception he met with la Londun.
John Alexander Dowie suddenly, determined n>
leave England, and started this afternoon for
Boulogne Sur Her. France, with hla wife and
¦on.
Dr. William S. Hereford was found
dead yesterday morning in his office
at 1861 Larkin street. His body was
Straddling a chair in front' of the of
fice telephone, his breast pressing upon
the back of the chair. The telephone
book and a 25-cent piece lay on the
fioor where he had dropped them. It
was evident that he was about to use
the telephone when he was stricken
down. He "was 52 years of age and
was an employe of the city Board of
Health.
Dr. Hereford's wife died about two
months ago and he was inconsolable
over her loss. He was drinking
heavily last Saturday fell upon
the sidewalk in front of his home,
cutting a gash in his chin. Bystanders
had him sent to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where the wound was
dressed, after which he was taken
home. He was the «father-in-law of
H. S. Morton of the Morton Draying
and Warehouse Company.
Well Known Physician Is Stricken at
His Home Toward the Close of
an Orgy.
Late Shipping. Intelligence.
DR. HEREFORD DIES .
AT THE TELEPHONE
SAN JOSE, June 13. — At an infor
mal meeting of the boards of super
visors of Santa Clara and Santa Cruz
counties held yesterday it was decided
to build a joint county road seven
miles in length along the top of the
ridge of the Santa Cruz Mountains to
open up a big stretch of new terri
tory.
New Road on Top of Santa Crua
Mountains. Will Open New
Territory.
TWO COUNTIES \VIIX
BUILD JOINT HIGHWAY
O'Gara Will Be Tried.
OAKLAND, June 13. — Walter
O'Gara was held over at his preliminV
ary examination here to-day to an- !
swer to a charge of perjury in hav
ing sworn falsely to the age of Mary
E. Dunning. He married the girl in
May when she was but 16 years of
age and swore to her age as 18. ;
Suits for divorce were fHed by Crls
pino P. A. Vilarda against Maria M.
Vilarda, desertion; George W. Cava
nagh against May Cavanagh, > neglect
of domestic duties; Lora * B. Hill
against Raymond P. Hill, neglect and
cruelty; Belle Hillwood against Philip
M. Hillwood, neglect; Annie F. Glan
vllle against C. F. Glanville, failure to
provide; Lillian W. Brown against Ed
ward Brown, cruelty and neglect. In
this complaint the wife alleges that
she was "tenderly nurtured and
raised in refinement." She avers that
upon one occasion Brown was so an
gered at her that he took a dose of
carbolic acid.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Superior Judge Hebbard to James S.
Purdy from Addie E. Purdy for deser
tion: by Judge Kerrigan to M. H.
Graves from Marian Graves, deser
tion.
William B. Morlan. in answering his
wife Elizabeth's suit for divorce, de
nied her allegations of neglect and
also stated that Mary J. Morlan, whom
the wife had named as one of the four
children of their marriage, was not his
child. It appears that her allegation
was an error, as the child was the Is
sue of a former marriage, but, it is
said, prefers to live with her step
father.
Superior Judge Graham yesterday
annulled the marriage of Ada L. Mil
ler-Eichler and William Eichler, she
having found that she had another
husband living. Four years ago she
was the wife of Charles F. Miller, who
disappeared. She was. informed that
he was dead and on February 29 last
the married Eichler, a young plumber.
In the meantime Miller had been left
an estate in the East, valued at $150,
000. He was found on a ranch near
Sacramento, laboring as a farm hand.
Mrs. Miller-Eichler went to Sacra
mento and Identified her missing
spouse, then applied to have the sec
ond marriage annulled. Miller is said
to be East enjoying his windfall.
Judge Troutt issued an order against
Scott, who is an iron worker, to ap
pear and show cause why he should
not pay his wife $25 a month and $100
attorney's fees pending the hearing of
the suit.
A peculiar story of cruelty came to
light yesterday in the divorce com
plaint filed against William W. Scott
by his wife. Cynthia.
The couple were married at Angels
Camp in 18 97 and she avers that two
of their three children are living wit
nesses of Scott's rough treatment of
her. Ons, she says, bears a birthmark
on its lip and the other on its head, in
spots corresponding to the places
where she suffered injuries at his
hands.
Mrs. Cynthia Scott Makes Peculiar
Complaint — Mrs. Miller's First
Husband Not Dead.
BinTIIMARKS OF BRUTALITY
ALLEGKD IN DIVOUCE SUIT
. That the recommendation from the Lord be
accepted that the present property in Healds
burg he- sold, and land, well wooded and wa
tered, be purchased; and the college be es
tablished in some rural district where teach
ers and students can have the prlvilage of
working the soil arid "raising produce. ThU
will reduc« expense and better educate- both
¦teachers and students. ..
¦ The volume of business transacted last year
was ?3.-.],00S 25; this year, $410,978 04. The
net ealn of . the institution slncd It began
twenty-nine years ago has been $1C2,5S2 40.
On account of the crowde/d conditions and
for other good and sufijc)fnt reasons the
managers of the Pacific Presfi PubliJhlnK Com
pany have decided to move the ulant from
Oakland to Mountain View. California, and a
large, well-lighted factory, with all modern
conveniences, dc-Mcnrd especially for this bus
iness, is now In process of erection at that
place to house the plant.
This building Is located on a five-acre tract
adjoining the rallrcad, about half a mile from
the station. It Is being built of brick, with
the work rooms all on one floor. * A private
switch permits th« handling of freight direct
from th« cars to the factory.
While it Is the purpose of the manager*
in moving to Mountain View to give special at
tention to religious and evangelical work, yet
they will continue to do commercial printing of
an unobjectionable nature, but they .Intend to
raise the standard still higher and do nothing
but first-class work of the highest order.
Th« new plant will be well- equipped for
doing all kinds of printing, bookbinding and
engraving, 'Under one roof and one maagement.
The new factory Is nearlng completion and
they expect to bepin to move the plant early
In July, but thrre will be no interruption in
'business. They have presses and machinery
Bufflclent to kkep things moving at -both ends
of the line. All machines are run with elec
tric motors, thus simplifying the work. .
. The counter checkbook business, formerly
carried on by the Pacific Press, has been sold
for cash to the Pacific Manifold Book Com
pany, now established in Oakland on the cor
ner/ of Second and Oak streets. The sale of
this business furnishes the capital with wftlch
to erect^ the new factory at Mountain View.
The resolution upon the .removal of
the Healdsburg college reads: .
It ha* been decided that the Pacific Pre«a
will reorganize. Instead of being a stock
holders' organization the management of the
Institution will herearter be thrown • more
fully into the bamls of the Seventh Day Ad
ventlst denomination residing within its ter-
OAKLAND, June 13.— The Seventh
Day Adventists have closed their an
nual camp meeting, which has ':cen in
progress in this city for two weeks,
and which is in reality the annual busi
ness meeting of the many industries
and organizations of that sect. This
meeting has been c-ne of the most im
portant in the history of the order, for
two important moves were decided
upon. The Pacific Press Publishing
Company, the Ceventh Day Adventist
church and the general Seventh Day
Adventist settlement in Oakland will
all be removed to Mountain View,
Santa Clara County. The Adventist
College at Healdsburg will also be re
moved to some spot not yet selected.
ThcSe two moves will be an abandon
ment of what have been the great cen
ters of Adventism in California.
The move from Oakland has been
under contemplation for some time and
a committee has been at work which
finally presented the plan that was
adopted at the annual meeting of the
Pacific Press Publishing Company.
The statement of reasons and
plans is made as follows:
Knowledge of the efforts to get Mr.
Craw'g services in Hawaii has reached
the fruit men of California. Mr. Stabler
of Yuba City first learned of It, and he
has been trying hard to persuade Mr.
Craw to remain in California, Mr.
Stabler says that the canners of this
State are. all anxious that Mr. Craw
shall remain at his present post. Gov
ernor Pardee has been Informed of the
move In Hawaii.
Alexander Craw Is sought by the Ha
waiian Government and the Hawaiian
sugar planters. They want his services
badly enough to offer him $5000
per annum and to guarantee him that
rate of Income for live years. Mr. Craw
receives from the State only $20Q per
month as quarantine officer to prevent
the introduction of pests injurious to
vegetation and also to make cultures
and Importations of beneficial parasites
that prey* upon scales of many varie
ties. He has occupied this position
many years and his labors have saved
millions of dollars to. the fruit growers
by preventing the extermination of
trees and the ruin of growing crops.
The loss to the sugar planters in the
Hawaiian Islands last year by the leaf
hopper, that destroys the sugar cane,
is estimated at millions of ftollars.
There are in the Territory of Hawaii
seven entomologists of ability, but not
one of them has wide experience as a
quarantine officer to keep pests out of
the country. Good work has( been done
In . Hawaii in extirpating pests that
have been found to be ravaging the
growing cane, but new pests have been
brought in and the planters have de
termined that something radical must
be done.
Mr. Thurston of Honolulu is in the
city and he has urged upon Mr. Craw
the desirability of the position that' is
offered him. The Government is to pay
a part of the salary of $5000 per annum
and the planters the remainder. The
Government guarantees the payment
of the entire sum. Craw is offered the
place of chief entomologist, or head of
the entomological service. Within the
last two dayg the cable between Hono
lulu and this city has been used to per
suade Mr. Craw. What his decision
will be is not determined.
OAKLAND, June 13. — Justice of
the Peace Joseph H. Taylor of Liver
more, although 75 years of age, se
cured a marriage license to-day to
marry Melvina Pratt, 50 years of age.
Not Too Old to Marry.
OAKLAND, June 13. — Carrie H.
Rountree was granted a divorce to
day from James O. Rountree on the
ground of desertion. W. I. Berriman
uas granted a divorce from Rosa M.
Berriman for cruelty. The interloc
utory decree granted Ida M. Wheeler
from John Wheeler last June was
made final. Suits for divorce were
begun to-day by Mary A. Winckler
from William J. Winckler for deser
tion, and Annie E. Cook from Robert
Cook for cruelty.
Inhappy Spouses.
The site for the new building, at
Fourteenth and Jefferson streets, has
been paid for with the exception of
$5000, and this Indebtedness will , be
cleared within the next sixty days, if
the association succeeds in securing the
necessary funds to bind all the pledges
to the building fund work will be be
gun on the new building. as soon ag
suitable plans are approved by the
board of directors.
With all but $8150 pledged out of the
$150,000 necessary to assure the imme
diate erection of a new building, the
Young Men's Christian Association is
facing a most serious difficulty. Unless
the entire amourJ is secured by mid
night of June la the pledges already
obtained will lapse, releasing the sign
ers from their obligations.
It is not probable that the association
would even under these circumstances
lose all the funds already raised for the
new building. Many subscribers would
not withdraw their subscriptions, even
though the terms of their contracts al
low them to do so, but' several of the
largest donations already made were
promised on condition that the entire
amount of the $150,000 be raised by June
15, 1904. It is these pledges, aggregating
more than half the total, that are
placed in jeopardy. The officers of the
association are using every effort to
complete the fund in order to bind the
contract and secure the money already
pledged.
Collections for the new Young Menjs
Christian Association building were
taken yesterday in many of the local
churches, and partial reports of the re
sults were made known this morning.
The First Presbyterian and First Meth
odist churches gave $260. Ten other
churches still remain to be heard from,
and until their reports are received the
exact amount of the deficit will not be
known
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 13.
Young 3Ieivs Christian As
sociation May Forfeit
Many Thousand Dollars
Fruit Pest Quarantine Work
Here Causes Hawaiians to
Ofler Him a^Large Salary
SAN DIEGO, June 13. — A. meeting
of the £ itizens to the number of half
a hundred was held this afternoon at
the Chamber of Commerce for the
purpose of organizing a branch asso
ciation of the 3tate El Camlno Real.
Dr. Edward Grove was elected pres
ident; George W. Marston, vice presi
dent; Baker Thomas, secretary, and
Julius Wagenhelm, treasurer. A com
mittee consisting of Dr. Grove, E. A.
Hornbeck and F. R. Burnham was ap
pointed to select an executive commit
tee of fifteen.
Citizens Elect Officers of Association
anil Prepare for Active
Work.
SAN DIEGO ORGANIZES
Eli CA3IINO REAL. BRANCH
Notice. — Our name Is not in the tele
phone book. W"|ien you want Bekin's
Van and Storage Company, call for Main
285. 1016 Broadway. •
SUGAR GROWERS
SEEKING CRAW
BUILDING FUND
IS ENDANGERED
OAKLAND, June 13. — At a meeting
of the City Council to-night a resolu
tion was passed authorizing the pay
ment of $1000 each on account to W.
R. Davis and It. M. Fitzgerald, the at
torneys representing the city in the
United States Circuit Court, where it
is the defendant in a suit brought by
the Contra Costa Water Company to
enjoin the city from enforcing the new
water rates. At the conclusion of the
hearing on the injunction the attor
neys are to be paid $1500 each as the
remainder of the fee in that matter.
Get -Part of Tlielr roc.
Gate committee — Edward Leonard, chairman;
John Greely. Thomas Farrell, P. R. Savas?,
Charles H. HcCourtney. John Maloney, Morgan
Stack, Edward A. Kenney. John Heaney,
Michael CDoherty. R. Travers.and Edward J.
Heaney. Committee on games — Patrick Far
reir, : chairman; Andrew Lynch. F. D. Barnett,
John R. Billlngton. Joseph F. Farrell, John
Mnhoney. Felix McHugh. P. R. Cbmiskey,
John Halloran. J. P. Leonard. Hugh Clyne,
John Jennings. Edward J. Heaney and Herman
P. Ganzert. Committee on reception — John J.
Cassidy, chairman; William A. Deane, John T.
Williams. William J. O'Connell, Frank Hardy,
Maurice O'Dowd, P. J. Curley, Herman P.
Ganzert. William Kilday, Michael McXally,
Mark Grecly, James Casey. William A. Mc-
LauKh^in. John Kerwln and James H. Dever.
Fioor committee — Edward A. Kenney, fiocr
manager; Herman P. Ganzert, assistant floor
mannger; George H. "Wiefrner. Philip J. Ward.
J. P. Leonard. Fred O'Connell. P. H. Farrell.
John Glnocchio, Walter R. Savage. Michael
Drury. John R. Bllllngton, Leonard Nicholson,
John T. Williams, Edward I. CDonnell. John
Craig, Martin P. O'Dea Jr., W. P. Johnson,
John Heaney, Henry Ellis and John «. Owens.
Committee ou press and publicity — **£**•
Thomas P. Heverin, chairman; John J. CassTSy,
P. 11. Farrell, William A. Ueane, Alexander
W. MacDonald and Phil J. ""Ward. Committee
on muric — Rev. J. P. Coyle, chairman; Edward
A. Kenney and Dr. G. J. Sweeney.
The eleventh annual picnic and re
union of the parishioners of Star of
th'e Sear Parish will take place at
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, to-mor
row and everything points to the most
successful picnic ever given by this
parish. The pastor. Rev. J. P. Coyle,
is greatly pleased at the interest dis
played by the parishioners and good
work has been accomplished by the
various committees having the affair
in charge.
More than 150 valuable gate prizes
will be given away and numerous
games for both old and young are to
be contested for by those who attend.
Schuppert's band will discourse musiu
for the merry dancers. One of the
features of the picnic will be the Jig
and reel dancing. ... .
This church is located in the Rich
mond district, but its picnics are at
tended by people residing in all parts
of the city, owing to the popularity of
its pastor, Rev. J. P. Coyle.
The committee of arrangements,
finance, prizes and programme con
sists of all the members of the parish.
Alexander W. MacDonald is chair
man, Walter T. Savage is secretary,
and John J. Cassidy is asistant secre
tary. The following are the commit
teers in charge:
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, Will Be
Scene of Delightful
Outing.
STAR OF THE SEA PARISH
IIOIjDS PICNIC TO-MORROW
"Under the law and the evidence in
this case, Mangin. the court cannot
find you guilty. If the charge had
been that of disturbing the peace I
would have found you guilty and sent
you to jail. My advice to you is that
you stop being a crank and put away
your guns and piptols."
After Mangin had proved that the
weapon was not loaded Police Judge"
Fmith said:
OAKLAND, June 13. — Because the
Supreme Court has said that an un
loaded pistol is not a deadly weapon
when aimed at a person. August Man
gin, an eccentric capitalist, escaped
conviction and a term in the City
Prison to-day in the Police Court.
Mangin brandished an empty re
volver at Harry_JIiddleton, a boy, and
threatened dire things unless the
youth should stop nailing wire net-'
tin? to a fence that separated ibV
Mangin and Middleton back yards at
Thiry-fourth street and Broadway.
Mangin gained his point, but the boy
t a used his belligerent neighbor's ar
rest on a charge of "exhibiting a
deadly weapon in a rude and threaten
ing manner."
Mansin How Narrow Was His
KscaiK? From a Coll.
I'olice .lud^e smith Shows Ausnst
WRONG CIL1RGE SAVES
CAPITALIST FKOM JAIL
OAKLAND, June 13. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Joseph H.
Taylor, 75, and Melvlna Pratt.oO, both
of Livermore; Otto Ulrich, 36, and
Leopoldine Fritz. 26, both of Berke
ley; George W. Bishop, Oakland, 34,
and Ada E. Glandon. 21, Seattle; Ed
gar P. Figel, over 21, San Francisco,
and Hattie Godchaux, over 18, San
Leandro; James H. Beck, over 21,
and Mary Jacobs, over 18, both of
Oakland; Elmer B. Hunt, over 21,
Oakland, and Ina B. McFarlane, over
IS, Alameda; Ira W. Xash, 45. and
Ida O. Saunders, 45. both of Berke
ley; Christ Grau, 35, and Juanita
Lewis, 19. both of Alameda; Eugene
Sharp, 28. San Francisco, and Mary
A. Wilson. 28, Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
Another point made by the company
is that it required a statement of the
book accounts kept by McKowen each
year before renewing the bond. In
each of these statements it was said
that McKowen's work was entirely sat
isiactory. and it was only upon those
f-tatements that the'oompany consented
to renew the bond, and had the books
been properly experted and a true
statement made to the company it
would not have allowed itself to be
come responsible for any part of the
551,429 2S that was stolen.
The Pacific States Surety Company,
in an answer filed to-day to a suit
brought against it by the Regents of
the University of California, denied
that it is responsible" to the extent of
S5000 for the defalcation of W. A. Mc-
Kowen. For a number of years the
surety company supplied a bond in the
fum of $5000. but this.' it is stated, was
allowed to run out July 1. 1903.
The company c-laims that its respon
sibility terminated, according to its
• ontract, three months later, whereas
the defalcation was not discovered un
til December 19.
Oakland Office San Francisoo Call,
1016 Broadway, June 13.
When the death was reported to the
police, Detectives Shorey and Holland
were sent out and took Oliver to the
police station, where a formal charge
was placed against him.
The child was the son of E. F. Lee,
684 Castro street, and the accident oc
curred close to the Lee home. He was
playlng'in the street when Oliver drove
by with a four-horse team hauling hay.
Oliver saw the child run out but knew
nothing of the accident until he heard
some one call out. Thinking one of
his bales had tumbled off\he stopped
his horses, looked around and saw the
child lying in the street. He went
back and had the little fellow carried
to the hospital. Dra. R. W. Emerson
and A. S. Kelly found the mangled
body of the injured child past all medi
cal aid. He died a couple of hours
later. •
Lyle Lee, a five-year-old boy, was
run over this afternoon by a heavy
hay wagon driven by Albert Oliver of
the firm of Oliver & Smith and died
this evening of his 'injuries at the Re
ceiving Hospital. The wheels passed
over the child's thighs, crushing the
bones and inflicting internal injuries.
Oliver was arrested after the death of
the^ child and taken to the police sta
tion, where he was released on his own
recognizance.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
: 1016 Broadway, June 13.
Dr. J. Burris Wood was called and
w hile attending to the poisoned woman
had the sister's ravings to encounter.
The Vining girl did not swallow
enough of the fluid to kill herself, but
she was badly burned about the mouth
and throat. Mrs. Thomas was in a
demented condition and on Dr. Wood's
order was taken to the detention ward
to be held for examination by the
Lunacy Commission. She is the wife
of Joe Thomas, a professional baseball
player who Is in the East.
Mrs. Thomas, who is but 21 years
of age, had objected to the actions of
her sifter in keeping company with
Tony Thomas, Mrs. Thomas' brother
in-law.'
Irene Vinins and M^6. Gertrude
Thomas, sisters, residing on Bixty
seventh street, near Green, Golden
Gate, quarreled this afternoon and" the
firft named took carbolic acid and
Mrs. Thomas became insane and was
removed to the Receiving Hospital.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 13.
Trouble Is Occasioned by
Objections to Attentions
From a Brother - in - Law
Claim of the Regents for
; §5000 Shown to Be Based
on an Expired Contract
Albert Oliver, the Driver,
Is Arrested and Charged,
I but Is Later Released
Herman Aithof fwldower) to Elise Bahls
(widow), lot on R line of Linden «treet. 1OO *»
of AVest Tenth. S C> by E 123. block J. mai>
of property of Oakland Central Homestead A»
ioclation Oakland; 910.
Mrs Mary Howson to Georg* Ifowson (hus
band)' lot on E line of Myrtle street. 1«S) N of
Twenty-fourth. E 125 by N 28:2. Oakland:
«1ft. -
Charles M. and I#na G. MacGreRor to P. L.
Sternberj. lot on E line of Oakland arenue.
74 N of Santa Clara. N 37 by E 11.1.50. portion
of lots 2 and — . map Santa Clara -avenue
property. Oakland; $10.
Louis and Lott« 11. Titus to William C. Ma
son lota 2."! and 24 map of University Height*,
Oakland Township: »1O.
Hannah and Alfred C Rulofson to Josephine
Skillman (wira, of P. !>.), lot on W line of
Harper street. 2N* N of Ashby avenue. N 4<>
by W I22.X!. block ft. amended map and resdb
(Jirision of Central Park. Rerkeley; $10.
Mary M. Beaver (widow) to J. A. Marshall,
lot on 3 line of Bancroft way. 5W E of Dana
street E 104.X2 by S 10O. portion of lota II
and 12 block 1. Beaver Tract. Berkeley; $H>.
A. P. and Ellen Stotts (Khoda) to A. \> -
Darlln*. lot on W line of Lincoln avenus
(rounty road in 1S34). nald point b«ins Ml
corner of land of Franklin Rhnda. etc.. thenrs
NE 30 W 200. SE 5<>. E 20V. Brooklyn Town
ship: $400.
George F. Weeks to Annie U- Weeks (wlfe>.
lot on E line of Uroadway. 193 :» N of Santa
Clara iver.ue X SO fcy E 206. l«t «, block •>.
map part Hays and Caperton property, Ala
rneda: gift and $10.
J Alfred and fonstanre#Marchus to Eliza
beth Knick. iot B. blork M. man Alameda
Park Homestead AlameUa. quitclaim deed: *1.
Frank LJoccatasliata to Frank Rocca. lot on,
NW corni-r of Willow and Tenth streeis, N Kl
by W 44 lot — and portion or lot — , block A.
Toland Tract, Oakland: $10.
A. C. and Ellen C. Anders«n to W. H.
Maeklnnon lota 1 and 3. block A. map J. E.
McElrath Tract* a part of plat 43. etc.. \. ami
V. Peralta. Oakland: $10.
Joseph A. Furtado (sin*le> to eame. lot on
SE corner of Apsar and Market streets 9 4S by
¦E ICO. lot 1 ami portion lot 2. block, II. SneW
dan Tract, Oakland; $10. '
Eliza J Doleysek et al. to Louisa Puttie*
(willow), lot on W line of Peralta street. 175 S
of Thirteenth. S 25 by W 110. lot H, block T'-'ti.
Br^nap block 72t5. Oakland; SISflO.
Goodwin R. and Amelia Crawford to Jame*
Hall lot on S line of Sixty-third street. 3.>6 E
of Herzo*. E W>. S 14, W 51.17. N 23 to be
ginning. Oakland, nuitclaim deed; $1. .
Theodore J. Fish et als. to George do Golla.
lot 80. map Pacific Theological Seminary Tract,
Oakland; $SC7.
Emma Ehrenpfort (widow) to Grace Graham
(wlfa of "William) lot on N line of Feltor.
street 315.80 E of Shattuck avenue. E 40. N*
136.45*. W 4»V S luti.25. lot 30. Llttlefield Tract.
Oakland; $10.
Home Seculty Loan Society to John w. De
gelman. lot on SE line of Thirteenth avenue.
75 NE of East Fifteenth street. NE i". by SB
75, block 63 Clinton East Oakland; $10.
H C. and Alice A. Oarlock to Detoa Pratt,
lot on N line of Davis streeCT42O W of Poralta
avenue. NW 5O by NE 121.26. Deerlng Tract,
Rrooklyn Township; $10.
Emma A. and Herbert t>. Clark to Winifred
W. "Whitman W 25 feet ot lot 4. In E half of
block A, lands adjacent to Encinal. Alameda;
$10.
J. XV. Phillips (widower). CTara Eliza and
Irvine C. l^wls to Marcua 3. l*ve. lot ~s.
map of Phillip*) resubfllvinion of block T73.
Levy Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10. .
Morris H. Lane (single) to Davl<i Vosrft »ot
S3. block F. Map No. 2. Linda Vista TVrrace.
Oakland: $10.
Sarah A. McKee (widow) (by S. B. McKp*.
attorney) tp Rctcn J. C. McAllister, lot on
N line of Fifty-ninth or Mariposa strwt.
I2O.«1 E of rara.ilse. E 40. « by N 135. lot 7.
block 2. McKte Tract. In plat 4«. Rancho V.
and I>. rvralr,i. Oakland; $10.
Alamrdn County.
MO.NDAV JUNE 13.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
U. C. WILL LOSE 3I0RE
GIRLS HAD HOT WORDS
HIS THIGHS* CRUSHED
After a Long Career in Oakland Great Printing and Publishing House Be
gins to Build New. Home at. Mountain View, Where Work Will Be
' Continued With Machinery and Equipments of Modern Design
Young: Woman's Attempt at
Suicrde Is the Cause of
Sisters Sudden Madness
Surely Company Denies
• Responsibility for Any
of McKowen's Shortage
Lyle Lee, Five Years Old,
Is Run Over by a Heavy
Load of Hay and Dies
TAKES POISONS
AFTER QUARREL
BOND HAD NOT
BEEN RENEWED
CHILD KILLED
UNDER A WAGON
REMOVAL OF PACIFIC PRESS PLANT
MARKS NEW ERA FOR ADVENTISTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JUNE 14, 1004
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
MISCELL A2JEO U S.
iMrs. Fairbanks tells how ne-
glect of warning symptoms will
soon prostrate a woman. She
thinks woman's safeguard is
Lydia E Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
"Deab Mrs. PnnoiASf: — Ignorance
and neglect are the cause of untold
female Buffering, not only with the
laws of health but with the chance of a
core. I did not heed the warnings of
headaches, orjranic pains, and general
weariness, until I was well nigh pros-,
trated. I knew I had to do something.
Happily I did the right thing. I took
JjjdlsC E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound faithfully, according to
directions, and was rewarded in a few
weeks to find that my aches and pain*
disappeared, and I again felt the glow
of health through my body. Since I
have been well 1 have been more care-
ful, I have also advised a number of
ray sick friends to take Lydia E.
Pinkham'a Vegetable Com-
pound, and they have never hz.d
reason to be sorry. Yours very truly,
Mrs. Mat Faikbaitks, 216 South 7th
St., Minneapolis, Minn." (Mrs. Fair-
banks is one of the most successful and
highest salaried travelling saleswomen
in the West-)— S5000 forfeit If original pf
etwee letter proving genuineness cannot be produced
Mrs. Pinkham invites all sick
women to write her for advice.
She has guided thousands to,
health. Address, Lynn, Mass.
1435 Park Street.
Teleplione Alameda 4502.
OAKLAND.
lOffi Broadway.
Teleplione Jlaln 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAM EDA. ',}. >
BEAMS OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ¦<** H^^sT^^") r~ l^~+[, ffy i } •
MODERN METHODS
And a thorough theoretical and practical
knowledge of
...DENTISTRY...
Place our work on a plane much abovs
the average. Nothing is done on chance.
Kach operation ia successful because
carefully considered and skillfully car-
ried out. ¦¦*:•- -'
TEETH
Made by up will last for many years.
Gold TlUlnsrs. .S1.00 Bono rilline soa
Silver rmingm...60c| Extraction, Pre'a.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
3 .TATIiOS ST.. SAZT 7SASCXSCO. '
973 "Washiairtoa St, Oakland.
Saa Jose. - Sacramento.The Beard cf Supervisors yesterday
ordered the printing cf the rules adopt
ed by the Health Ecard for the sani
tary conduct cf dairies. Supervisor
iyAncona said It was desired to im
prove the condition of dairies and the
printing of the regulations would be
a provisional notice to the dairymen
that aa ordinance embodying the rules
xs-ill be passed to print at the next
meeting.
The complaint of Lyon &. Hoag
against the charge of the Saa Fran
cisco Electric Company for iastaliing
electric lights in a house oa Duboce
aveaae as excrbitant was _ referred to
the Light Committee. The company
deatanded J12J for three houses aad $70
for one house for maicing the connec
tions.
supervisor 2azton called attention to
the fact that the tsstaHatlca c£ electric
INSURES PURE
MILK SUPPLY
service was charged to new construc
tion In fixing Iishting' rates, although It
appears that the property owners are
compelled to pay for it.
BEATING OF CARPETS.
The ordinances prohibiting the beat
ins carpets and rugs on the public
streets between the hours cf 8 o'clock
a. m. and 12 midnight and prohibitins
the sale of any calf under four weeks of
a?e and not la geed condition were
passed.
Bids for doing the city's printlag
. were opened and referred « the Priat
icsr Committee.
The petition of property owners that
gas Tnair.n be laid in Twenty-sixth
street, between Church and Sanchea.
was referred to the Fire Committee.
The petition of Edward JIalouey for
a permit to operate a small rock crush
er by electricity on Seventeenth street,
between Cranus and Aahbury, went to |
the Street Committee.
The following ordinances were finally
passed:
Aatiurriziac tl» '. payment «jC 51000 to a.
WenselS»wrer fcr ersert servtees dnriaj May
ia the Scrtasr Vattay Watar Compaay salt
asaiRdt tae city.
Changing grades an. Haflsiaa arenue.
Twenty-sectmd. ATraradu aad Canerssa streets
aad Boooa- .Viata, Waann'r aad ruLiein ava- '
Accepting a deed, tnira. Cdvin. GcodaU to T.ind
for tie extension of Alslae str»et ta Wi2«.
~" STREET WOKK ORDERED.
1 Orderiay curtain street aad sewer worit on
Calm strset. between. Pamaaaus and Cari: on
Valleja street, between. Batoery and Front;
Stevenson street, between Annie and Third;
Jessie street, between IT<rv Montgomery and
Tatnii Minna, street, beewwn Third and I
GRANT PERMIT
FOR LAUNDRY
Fourth: Hayes «tr»et. between T.in-iri-t aad
Van 3I<»sb avenue; Florida, street, bersreen.
Twenty-fitta and Tweotsr-sixtA.
Antaortsin* tae payment t» A. Ridley et
J3Q0IV for aa aatamobil* furnlabert t!la Calef
Engineer of tan FVra D<roartment-
Axttaortzlnir aa exsendltnjra of $7000 to s«
made far toe city's ffinihlt a£ Ote St. Louis
BcgnltSJB.
AutaorlzJsir tae payisent of »830 to J. H.
DcclrweUer fi»r esaert services la. tae Spriair
Valley Watar CompanT suit.
TranafBrrtajj from tae School Department- ta
taa Fire E>paran«;nt a •caool lot at t&« corner
af Tw»ntieta-and: Kentucky streets* to 6a used
as a site for an ensiae bouse.
A uthorizla? the Aadltnr t»- aopoint talrty
additional cierka for a ttsmccrary pexicd.
Tony Farfsfa WIH Slaughter.
. A. L. Farish. chief office deputy for
United States afarsfaal John H. SMne,
leaves this morninjy with bis family
for a two weeks' vacation at Sher
wood, the northern terminus of the
railway in Mendocino County. H«y
will pass away the time slaughtering
cottontail rabbits with, a 22-caliber
lisa. . —
Despite the protests of property own
ers, the Beard of Supervisors yesterday
passed to priat a resolution grantfng a
permit to the National Laundry Com
pany to TTT*fr"fr»tn an eczine and boiler
ta premSes at 2S54 EHshteenth street-
Etection Commissioner Devoto ap
peared in behalf cf the proteataats and
argued that the laundry would be det
rimental to property ia the neighbor
hood. He said it was but one block
away from a public school and the pro
posed , lK33ion Park.
The attorney for tlie laundry com
pany replied that it was intended to
build a modern brick building with a
Ii?ht space of fifteen feet on each side,
airs. j. C- Irvine and others protested
vigorously against grantor the permit.
Supervisor Comte said he was opposed
ta allowing a laundry to be conducted
ia residence districts and that the ; ro-
test3 cf seventy-five per cent ct the
property OTrners shanld be sustained.
After hearing the protests the permit
was granted by the fdllCTwins vots:
Ayes — Alpers, Bent. Boxton. Brana
hart, Connor, D'Anccna. E^sera, Ftna.
Hocks. Lcnstedt, Sanderson — II-
Noes — Brandeastaiav Comte. Rea— 3L
AWARD CEMENT CONTRACT.
The contract far furnishing cement
to the Board cf "Works was a-crarded to
the Henry Cowefl Company, aad the
Western Fuel Company each to- fur
nish afltt barrels at XI SO per barreL The
CoweE Company withdrew tta pretest
and <-^>T' that It should have beea
awarded the entire contract at XL SS per
barrel, as tie other bid had beea modi
fied after filing: The board agreed that
the compromise recomauinded by the
Street and Building Committee was
fair to bath bidders.
The board passed to priat aa amend,
ed ordinance establishing rules Cor the
plumbing and drainage of buildings.
and requirias venfiTatfng shafts to be
at least four feet square and continue 1
of uadimlai3hed sise to the roof. i
The roadways cf Borland street be
tween Chcrch and Sanchez aad of
Pierce street between Union and Green
were fully accepted.
On the recommeadatios of tie Fl-
nasce Committee tie beard directad
tie payment cf CSS S3 far MT>t dalia
«jnenr on tie Harbor PaUce statiaa and
oa tiree pieces cendamaed by tia city
Csr St. ilarys Straare. After tie t*r-*
have besa paid tie Acditor will be di
rected to cancel tie assessment an>J
omit the same from report ta ti*
State Controller so tie city will be cut
nctifagr en tie >^»^*i «¦»!«!»
The Ftatnce Commltt*e denfetS the
petitica cf Darby Martia far the r-tcra
of a deposit cf $120 on tie purchase «f
some luai purchased from tie Bcari
;of "Worics. iCarttn resrettad his bar
saia t'lt wiH be unabie ta j?t his de
posit back.
The committee decided to m.'ct u^ th*
proposeti extension of Manchester
street as recommended by tie Board -if
Worts when Ir considers next year*
. budget. No fnntis are at present avail
abte.
The committee ailawed tie Tax Cor
rector J3i> to encase a stenographer :>
'¦ prepare fcrma far tie coCactiiin ©f c>
; Hnqnent ajsessnrenta on De Hare street
Srade chaasres.
The Hayes ValT?y A^sletic CIui» »o
' taiaed aa amateur boxiar permit ' fee
"W, v-17~cr.fi., EizHzsvstii r-rfnr7T. a*« tw»
r«ir«t ai feia «^ra raq^K.
Treasurer ilcDcnsald yestsrday ob
txiaed a demand for 323T r (J<J0 coverias;
tae redemption cf 237 park improve
ment bonds Jssned ia 13 74. HcDoti
2-ald has beea redeeming- tie bonds
cniH tiere now rimaia bnt tiirteen
ootstandins. Ticae may be redeemed
at any time, bet will draw no interest
from cct on.
Ft is believed tie nnredeensed bonds
are fceld by parties residing in Enrope.
who are unaware cf tie fact tiat they
are being redeemed. Ir Es possible.
too. tiat tiey nave been destroyed. In
that event tie city win be the eainer
THIETEEV P.1RK BONDS
ARE STUJL UNREDEEMED
Friends Issse Stateness Concerning
Sfatrirnorlal Troubles of Drxke
asd Dnc&ess de Valencay.
PASTS, Jzae 13.— Ts« ceTaier» cf
ti« Sf;rt3a farr'Ty are greatly paiaed
ty the p^blictry siren ta tie de&estic
nriafsrtaaes cf tie Duciesa de Valea
cay. ccc^rrtag- as ft dees at tie same
tiare aa tie deati cf illas I>aa llsr
tsa. "Wlti tie Tlew to tie avoidance
cf frrtisr epec^IatrT* reports, tlie fcl
lo-srtay additional statement <»«t"? *•*
Zrcrz. tie friends cf tie family:
2*3t3al frleaia ef tt« rsrj faatdea bad
•^isit to «Tsct a ryrartVaT'na -«L<«ga Cut
r«k» a=a r-ccae»« <Je Vaiicicay. aad ta»
zzctZgr at ta« r-tuta «c=ta*<i a«r devtr* to
wlti«£pa-w ta» appiicat^a tie >a«j| ¦'-fl-*- to ti*
Vuaaa far tie aa=ni=;i«n of ti« mar-lar*.
But ti» T*T.r-j cf tie rhuAea« <i*-dirf rs^ »
:»«x'r;r < **a~'cs *u *¦ in 1— tbie. asd taat tae
Z.Ticixm *hcnl& secure a Teyo: aaanlaiest of
her mamacs. I>«ai iter« Sa-r« been taisa
la betaif or tSe Zucae«» ta «ecsr« is a==ni
jaeat. Tae cro«i=«i» «r? Oi-tr-sarajeat, wtricct !
aay »..' -cii. - : ef •—• - :.i .
MORTON rA3HI-Y WORRIED
BY SFECXXATTVE RUMORS
rta=?a ia of ti- si=;iest sort, ia cieai-
U-aZy pcre and cculd net pessfbiy harra
any cm ev-a if taken fa a liberal do«e.
Tie ciief eieaieat of this s^aa ia cas
sa.-ra star=i. ajcre pc^uiarry Icoxe as
tapioca. This ia a w?2 xaowa article
cr daily icuaeic Li cae. Tie depart
nieat re^nlres tie contractor -ario fur
-isiea tie starch to iave it dextria
iznd by ieat aad net by arid."
Official at Wasfcingtra Dfrlairs That
liberal Dose cf the Ghxe "OTcald
Prrrrr HarmleH*.
¦PTASErVGTON*. J:r=e TX— Tfce cf3
cials cf tie Enmn of Er^ravtaj? aad
pj-fuffua sc<?ct the ld*a tiat blood pct
f.z^jzs cmzld resdt frcn: a cat. ca tie
tsrgne by a pestaz* stain?. Cassius
2L Pnateaaey. sTrperlateadsar, said:
Th" r-^ni en. tie back cf all postage
SCOCT IDEL\ THAT GUM
OX STA3CPS IS POISONOUS
BaH*^ht T--=^»^J by Department of
Co»nn»rrrr and Labor Contains
Intrrrstiss Fl^nres.
VSTASHDCGTCCI. J~=<? IX—Abonssd
tsz :~- farts ard 23rur*s ard leavir?
ccccl^slocs t? the reader aid bla.in.is?
nofecxiT. is tie bcLletni en. tie subject
cf child Labcr tasned to-day by tie
Department c* Cc=erce asd La.b«:r.
The fc^Hetic sho-xs that cf tie chiidrsa.
. : -¦- sixte-n. r*ar» eld errpieyed fa
the ti?xt::e ind:istrt*s. tier- are IjST la
Massacizaetts: 2S4 la Bicde Island;
ZTS is Xew Tcrfc; 457 in Ne^r Jersey:
1Z*" 1 ta Pes^sylTaiia; 423 tn. Norti Car
c'ina: SC* ia Sctiti. Carciina; 1133 ia.
G— :r?la. and Z23 ia Alaba^ra.
Is regarri to tie iearra cf -srerki^^
tfcJIdrets. tie btin*t±3 states t>^t very
I--ST rar-nt» ac^alrted that tie iealti
ef their ciil'lren. had raftered frr:rn the
I xb'-r r«?<rc:ired. nia^y asserting tiat
they were ia better tsalti t->a» before
th<?y weat ts irork.
MANY <:KTLDR*3" WORK
IX TEXTILE IXDC5TRTES
?Ts vinirt o* iary cr »er.£rae» cf Jid»s
=»"•• -*£ »oea i*r-r"ar^r,ry cr irr^se^iiix*
mj-.a<»«r^g=CTa rsr = e u tila «xtrxcntinarT of
fi"** gl UCUtTTTIin.CC Cf g"*»**r yoil. i:" : T^I^
cri^sary aiarlnaery «sf jait^e :s crr:eaii7
p«:-v«r:ea« rally ts r^ctiry t!se iz^iatice dene.
• • " Formaately, I h*v« new v» < 3:7 4»y
•-Ti eocrt. aad. «cccrilar to tSe ia.w cf tie iasd.
h*T« «txtJiafi«t =y :nnemc» of any csJSM
er of »r^ a:i«coE&irt S3 ofla. Th» wtti
out * asnrrt^st' s Sieattarlon. crcncuaceii s:« "sot
CuSty" en *2 ciaa taxiicaaest*
la — T >cr«r ta yia cf Decg—iber Z. 13CI. I
r:tlsa.''^f trt'-Sy tia.s yocr mccca waa -a^rast
*ac «T3EC. *ail that rcu wtari =ot Save tajtsn
the it-tuti* rott 4ui B y-3« fc*4 not 6»ra nuai*i
*rr<l 2<-:^f!-s*!l by 31r. BnstaWB r-porn. I
tSjL-Tr-i tiai ha r»port anj^i'Kwmol ta«
carii^u t>« cYidesc*. =a<iijct«i ta» r»=ort»r
TRatfe crane BCa£rn:ecrs isd *u in every »i/
o.li~3!iirM to deceiT-9 yen as well u Cs» pabilc.
I now nfm,rT. m ties* eiuuTrrs. »a<l I caU your
»rrac7i.ca to the fact tiat it ai bw Boosbt
BMts&r JET stateseat ajrairst 31r. Eratsw. but
tsai wtta«-» aft^r wra*se an ta« staad (tar the
'*¦<»'»! jigi ta my trtal d>mj«± tie icra'iC'-jr.i
¦1 his bbimm.1. and dora=:«Tst after Av-m»it
f-r^i ti:e ci<^»2-=ient 21e» iisprrjwed !;•
Mr r«ica-aiai acurs ar» i-rw aa.1. taou^i
e» seoae j ts crter asd wits, ciear cca
nJeam I nrait tmz. 4a.? ta day tae irrswj
<-i^ • saiEr:ix«. sirr«rti«'i<«». I caaat* close
¦ - «-»^ wrthmit Srst arp«aliav ta you. S£r.
Pr^sid"— r. aa aiy <tn:«f at-r-uacr. ta end<?»vTr.
Ir *a fir ax Tin can. tjj r-jrat tiie 4. "at wrocg
w:'ch y-^i Sav» unw.-rrrnsir ••oim? me.
| caiefeCerde-.* rca say liat la =y ca*»
rrca-^cick ccceer^a ajiij «— ''ir *i«2M; is
•tiMr wcrda. ti« =ri=:l=aj »icia. it waa iua
f;c y' "*ui n itiry to -— .• — -i-« ~»*,< y-n i3n»t
r=r p«rrs^«aioii to fieece ti« suaKc artiaaleatei."
•*.rarjia» jmsir year sSei: ccia^oc. as ciuef
¦fafitraa cf tie cjiuca aj ta siy jn«t. you
i «-«i ts ti« fast rias taer» w«r% t^r« la
tfic=se=la pradiss naiaat je«, »-^<* ynu cx£*i
-3c=. tS« ?iry t^ <ia it* *ur.
la ICcrreiber. I3G2. en tia »t. l ;^fJt cf •«•>
<J«iera^ yc^ «a.v» i> tie proa of th» coumry
*-en la. caa« of Aniatast Ar^irsey G«!3
7s«r«,~ «ad, mTitr nierrjzz ta e» &a tin
Washington, jsu ix— «ra=-» n.
Trser, wzo was removed frca cSce aj
Assiszxz.t Attorney General Jar the
50stsS.ce i^zt^s tie tnTestl^rtioa cf
t-fce de^«-rtn:eiit *id Trho Traa recently
tried and ac^^itted by a. i^ry. tas ad
dreaaetl a. letter ta Prraidant Sacsevelt,
la which hs lara in part:
Plead? for Official Approval
of the Verdict Eetunied
by Jury That Tried Him
LS FAST XEABLW DEATH
Aged Man Acquitted in Pos
tal Fricds Trial Asks for
Exoneration bv EooseTelt
USER APPEALS
TO PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRAN'CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE J 14. 1904.
Con»ptrcCer Issaes Raalt Cafl.
WASHINGTON. Jane 13. — The
ComptroIiiTr of tfc« Carr«:cy to-day
iasued a call for tie cosdirion of the
national brinks at tis close of besineas
CANTON*. Ohio. Jun<? 13. — Fcneral
#*T-rkres over tie reniaira cf JLboer
McK'-zl'T -Brvr* b»M t«re t*!i after
toon a: th.« r^jiiienee cf Mrs. Ida S.
JIcKiniej. trie Eosre cf the late Pres
ident. Tli* l=tsm«nt was in. the 21c-
Kin>r tzxiHy plat at TTesi^iwn Ceae-
Funeral of Abaer 3icKiatey.
7
PTMffKRS | PRAGERS f PRAGERS £ PRAfTFRS | PR.ACTFRS | PRAGERS
Ccuntry Orders FEed | ST^^i Sft-jgg ttM /fflft QPft fHf jgfl JaB V!9rtfSlfki4ISh ! '^^ Francisco's Fastest Ccow.n^ Store
jagjatfcaq^^ Mm SB jg| HI wff f^l %*M i*| 1 1 ta E> fijjl
Alterations Progressing Quickly and Interest in Our Expansion Sale Growing Greater Every Day
Expansion Sale Specials. j l ¦ ¦ . . ij Expansion Sale Specials.
Summer Silks and Dress A Price Cirtting Sale That Will Long Be Remembered. Waistings and Domestics,
Goods- £§&' Children f sRompers<mdQverans HM^^^^^^
1 this great stock. You will be more than \ MS*/ W J°L5f ht^ e QnQS f "^ J5f y V ' itcoa wiH be v e rf welcome. ?
pleased w?th the bargains. • 1 fortable and a great saving to the every-day >gi WAITTVGS.
55c a yard — An excellent aasartniect of fancy * yP?*^J^£B£?£jp*§l -- • DRESSES. - J^\,"2SuLil-^" '£&t strraea. Worth 2cc a yard.
silks j-_st received from Xew York. It ccmes in J+^^a&X-^Z^Vll c — D^sses* n^ade o f p-etty bright colored checked gin?. /fcSjfc^S: t^lII- S^i a var^ — Fancy stripe printed cashmere, suitable
the latest sha.i-5 of blue, golden brown, irreen. ; C^j&x£&£-J.~S3i ham?, with yoke of fancy stitched braid dnisked with •rf2ip^~T^^t^5?^ : " :r wai3ts ar - : - :: -- ; - Alwava '¦'-'- it : -•¦
red ir.i zrzy; all choice desijrss. Rezt^ar 7=-: v^jfrC^^Z-iZ *da rutaes edjed with narrow einbroidery. Arcs :, j and 4 2:r~ iSr^J/ jj^^ 1 ! 15c a vard — Checked ¦r-^::r._^ i ere natera! far
reality. y^^-rvSkag^-Mb. li aS. year?. Worth sr.ee. " " IT* I ~~^ — "3 £»'-'¦' !1 ca=cinx asd seaside wear. Ar. excent£ocal
.'«. % c a yird— ?;a:.i ar.d fancy pen-;-, a very desir- N^^l+J^rVf-A 91-2S — Colored dres3es, c:ad; of the best irrade ct zsphyr, r*-ZtiL IJ^f^T jal^e, worth r^c.
able silk for soots, coats, etc, for summer -wear. broken checks of bine ard white, red and white and pink te^z£z^i+Z*32r XOc a yard — Figrored etarrrfrre: lizht. neat ard
Worth oqc a yard. flg^t^t' irEf&f and white. Strictly fast colors. They have yokes of white i^"^*-^*^^! irCTr patterns. Jest the jrcod* fcr skirts and
5Oc a vard — Fancy silk cf neat strised desiarns in f^^z^izl !^gwj Oxford, finished with stripes of zephyr. White Oxford r^^SEP^-^a suits. Worth 2cc.
the newest shades; worth 6qc a yard. Suitable fiMt^^rjr^ t^\ 1<Jt ast^ cufia. Ages 4 to 12 years. "Worth $2.00 regu- jfi^Prj^rrr^sL COiiFORTEHS.
43c a vard— Siik taseta brilliants in fancy strioes /^^"HSti b^\ ' pnw?p«; • /^^^^^§^ fe - caverin?; tilled with pare white cctrcc
and solid colors: aH shades. This is a verv ffifS&Sgz -2 , r _, t ROMPcRS. t&£5£^-i~A Worth Sri:o.
sort silk and makes pretty waists and children's //^r-r~----~-^ taiaC* +9 C -» -Made cf good, strong, fast coicred Galatea '""ji^rr^' 7 —^ SPREADS
dresses for summer wear. Regular 6qc value. // §/ i ¥ L J/ C clcth » several diiferent style checks and pljjj^ T5c each Wh ; t- croc 5 '-* be-* « — ead3"
DRESS GOODS. //ill stnpes. Ages 2 to 6 years. fW 4 c&H>, heavy weave. ResrlVr 5r.co value.
Cr=ai:: * '/ \ I I OVERALLS. ?8f ra o BLANKETS.
•>Oe i vard—^S-inch figured and plain ;r;m il- /<K \ I I m» *^ rr-r-' «^.^,r- .1 ->.""-/ -^^ -• -•_ a SB ¦ W tl.20 x -air— :z-x campinj? blankets ts rn/ 1-:
tiacas. Sclendid value. Worti 6gc /// I I GirL, oweraLs, nxade of geod denca asd cot- «J |f white, extra heavy- Worth $^co a cair.
T5c a yard— iS-mch cream Creoe de Paris: verv '<£/ VI ; <J*JV ert cloth, in brown or blue. Ages 2 to 10 years. .^gj » SHEETS.
r_-- weave and all wooL N'ever 5:'.: fcr less than {"^ _ . <^pB*** |^ 50c each — Prazrr- reliabfe icuils hex! iheet3:
Si.oo a yard. ".".", ~ . . , m ,,..,.. - ¦ s^sass - • . « . . .. ... . . itHF ¦ 1} lines finish. A 73c value.
Millinery Trimming Free. Extraordinary Sale of New Camping and Kitchen Necessities.
Clearance Sale Bargains. Wash Petticoats Unequaled Biiying Chances.
,^_ ,-__ ». t- »*. - t ' *T^ HESE suggestions will be a great help to vou whether von
l^WpS^^^^^P Arranged in Five Different Lots T^S---- S mM
DOTgro; ne^e. the East a few weeks ago and sent direct to us for this KITCHEN UTENSILS. ! CAMPING OUTFITS.
„ ,,° UTI^ A T?\- . ] > *T:"*r"rom ed^ C^S S^" : v •!*' saIe * We secured them at a verv low fisnre. and in tam ro yards for 3c_SheIf caoer. SOc-Cantstn^ stocla.
g^fe^^^i 13^ W M - offering them to vou at reduced prices.^Thev are made jjg-gjgggg^ OOc_Camnin ? chair,.
O?*c— Fme Tn?can srraws. worth f=.4S— Shirred chiSca tarbans; or silk.- linen, mercerized chambray, pongee, seersucker, etc. t c a doren— Picnic plates. *2.4 5— Camping staves.
$2.50 and $3.00. worth $5.00. Xhe colors are stripes, checks and plain. Thev are all most 25c— Colander, ro inches across --_ £l . " Z
4Oc. 9Sc and SLSO-CvIIdrenj FLOWERS. BRAIDS. exquisite!* made and finished: the stvles are practicallv an- top; «& cf a«it -oc-F^ fca^ccfe.
s a ; . r ; worth $ ,oo. S,oo and ted,: w«th Ii4ed and. everv taste caa be easilv satisne'd. We'have g^SS^SSTcf blocked tin. . «o^^t^~
2.Vr — ITatrnamed shares in all ! 2 ;S C a yard— Fancy braids: sold ai- not the space here to tell how wondertully good these petti- lOc— Stove polishing mitten; pro- °^ — Canvas te^scc-pes. ,
styles- j ways at 10c and 15c. _ - coats are. You must see to appreciate them. tects the hands. 1 75c — Crochet set3.
»c 1 vard — Fancy braids m horse-
CHIFFON SHAPES. . hair; pkafa and all colors. I 77^ \ I Ert 1
OS^-BIsck and white chixon shaoes: WIRE FRAMES. Lot 1- OVC V^^OVC WrmPTJ^ Mn^llTI IltiHprWPar «t /I KlC
worth fc.cn. 14c each-French sailor wire frames. Fop rr^ ax . 5,^.5 Fo ; Re^^. $2 00 YY CHJen 5 1T1U51U1 VHUierWear SI Q Pig
1 : 1 :- ¦'fz^ B^ J 1 Saving. .
Holf-Price Men's Clothing 1 1-45 1 1 $1.95 —together with this stock of k^ x^d^^ » sc=e ;
For ILessiar S2JT5 For Kejixlcr S3_23 For Keller $4^O S bathing caps and suits that are particularlv aporopriate at ,
I_ . J .. - * . . . ¦ ' ' '¦ Pcttfcoats - 1 Pettfcooti. f 0 *^ A this season of the vear. AU our regular p'rices have been !
T does not make any ditrerence what the tormer price of the mark-d verv low
overcoat or suit was — yon may now have it for just one-half; WoCien's Fancy Goods. Notion Odds and Ends. GOWNS.
vou rnakt vour own selection. See the regular prices, in plain ~~I FFW Qn*.i-iaT<s that a-*» m » txTrpp -^- .._. »-.-a.- 4 Sc— Hade of sood msalla with yoke cf embroidery inserdcg aTtersat-
„- .- , . ., Art-VV specials tnat a^e - ¦ -• r±h.K±- are some tribes mg with cluster ct tucks. The s!ecve3 are r.n:ahed wtth hemmed rcf-
fi^ares, on the tags, and pay jtist 30 per cent less. £\ sur e to interest our 1 here at small prices that fiea. Worth 75c
6or expert fitters will assist vou in everv wav to make se- 1 women customers. vou mar be in need of. f 1-=S— Hade of fee grade cf cambric with yokes cf hscy cross stitch j
' ' " \ T ~ -—t———^^--——- ~ r -f-r^. « ~ open: work. The neck ts finished with narrow embroidery and bead-
Iection. And ir it is impossible tor you to attend this sale per- HANpjs.ERCHLe.FS.^ COLLAR FOUNDATION^. j^ zxiiQ^d baby ribboa rnn throc^h it; the cc53 are csiahed
.... ,, ". r^.t-Tj v V^ for 5c — Children's rancv 5c each — The \ ision silk col- vtn*h na.-rn-sr ers^rrid-^r a'^n Rcir~ r ar S^.co valae.
sonallv tins vreex, be sure to have some ore ot the lady members printed handkerchiefs Iar foundations. iH niches em-rctcry a._c.^^-^. 5-co n.«.
of your family have a suit or overcoat laid aside for you. This J«st the kind for roazh wear. hi^h. They are never sold for SDc— MasGn. skirts, fall width, with u:-tnch hemmed Eacnce. with clssters* !
is the greatest chance to save monev given in the citv to-dav. 2 * c x Iess 1 ™ ctttc .. SL^ P*** ,?*»» Worth $r^s-
& - & ' RIBBONS. WAIST SETS. fl.3S — Good qcahty mnshn sfcrt3 with r^-cich gocsee- cf m.im.ie ca-
21« a yard— Fancy caeck rib- lOc a :et— Pearl waist seta; aH broidery, headed with three row? cf fine tscks or with three rows cr
• bons. mcludmz black and sizes. deny inserticn and cdzsd with Cltmy lace. Worth tz.ee
« — ... — =-—'_- - - ~ ' n white; 4. mches wide, all Dure — " BATHING CAPS.
\ K m My. pVELTIES that h^ to tjfe ., tad. Tb«, ~ ia black, H. wSh .^
If W/tf/J Cfva^isl Q^ick #%4" Qli/^^C 17c each— Women's lawn rtock I >J just arrived are now be- - iBATHING SUITS.
1 V.yj^^ OPCvlui OdiC vl JllUCo I collars, neatly embroidered * in- shown. The prices $4J2Z r -Ma.de of navy bice briniant Alpaca, with saHer ccCar trimmed
k \*"^ » ; ' with tabs of TenertSe wheels. _ verv low with narrow white wash braid. Also has attached focr-ia-fcasd tie.
Vw\£ a \ 1 Something entirelv new for rrrinnw Tftoc The skirt is also finished with fancy braidins- Reznlar S^co valac
Hr^if^CT VirivHr Prpr Off^rpH skirt waists. Rejrclar 35c CUSHION TOPS. -
V^^^^*. OrcalcSI V SflCLy Cvcr LJlIcrea. valne. S 3 * each— Tapestry ctrshioa
-2^ T I / £ are otterir.^ a number of lines of Soap Special dS.i^is, in bright colorings. :^^^^jp r g ::^^i^^;^y|
f*"^^^i yy new style shoes. They have not been calces of \ndre « /% Worth 5 °scapfs " fllil'
seen on the local market. We have 3 Dnnoa teocs | 30e eaA-Bnrea 'sear& and I FirPlVOrkcf FirPUVArt C t Eft}
•0^3-Cj marked special prices to give an extra induce- Toflet Soaos.... • w piIIow s hams, with scaHoned B ril vWUl lid* riiCWUi AO»^
y^fe^y^S ment in this great bargain sale. A pretty paper box. contain- border and scrolled with fancy JUh . \Aim XL*. 1~L C-»I«
>^^ s? -w *» = fnj? three caitss and a nickel- braid on sheer lawn. Washes jH Will JD€ OH O^lS ThQ
eAr^Tft TSc— Misses' vici kid lace shoes, ia sizes from I plated holder. f we u. Worth 75c &«} A A fcji
i^^^ to - : - A a=i E width3 - — - — a A * C%i it* A nnov a&
M^. Sl^S-Woinen's gray canvas Oxfcrd ties, me- ' || •** *^ V/ 111 i^lIilvA ||r|
S2.35 — N'--w styles in women's high srrade shcia — S <fc. JW JWfy "4&t&-*t4Sr ' fcV 1 1 i P 1 1 if Itf 1 a C*a 'f^
A\ ' Z%^^kir l \^t fihf Sf^s* !TH| T^ >fllPi H i H 1 145-1147 Market Street, £gL
' y>^ W - 1 *- : . SQ '-* 5 ' patent leather tips and plaia toes. '. JSk&Jjfi & > 1^ - !ft Nc^f C<2ntr2l TTlCStfir ftft
p^nis tk= — xv b - sIa I \iy <^i*-Jr <" tin Rpcnnnincr nTn-Mn'rrn'u/ »r
T J /I «1.4O _ Bcv3' and youtHs' shoes, made of B cod gf ALWAYS RELIABLE M\ S v W 5 j \ Oi
#7/7} s^^ 5^f d R^ivI^v?^ 3 >i:^L I a (Wednesday) JFi
y Sizcs Io to "• wcrt:i 5 r -f 3 - =====1==============================================^^ rT^J S«cd for ccr Firewcrka Catalogse- Cccaary Orriert FTIIetL y \>%
j^^ / _' - - . _ ¦ _ - - -' A 13 Shopping Indncements That Have l^Sg^ffv^Sff^v^^^^^^^^^^g^^sSj
1 ~ "'¦¦ ~~ Made This Store Popular Are Still Here. - _^__*Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal*
ifornia street Telephone Main 1043, *
The latest statistical estimates , for
the German empire place the popula
tion at 68,549.000. From these figures
It appears that the population has in
creased 1.46 per cent In the last year.
Townsend's California Glace fruits tit
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st."
Four million* pounds of tobacco .were burned at Rich
mond the other day and now it is up to the statistician
to tell us , how many of our inspiring youth have tem
porarily been saved from early graves ; and what bless
ings of omission have been showered upon the rest of us
by. a. decrease in the output of the cigarette.
FOREIGN LANGUAGE— Constant
Reader, Oakdale. Cal. Any bookseller
can secure for you books that are
known as "self-instructors of the Span
ish language." Such books are good as
assistants to those who are studying
the language and have, the benefit of
one who orally gives the proper pro
nunciation of - the words of the lan
guage. \
Have you ever read in the "Stories
From the Wonderlore of Japan" about
"the meeting of the lovers"? . The leg
end runs thus: On the banks of the
silver river of heaven (which we call
the Milky Way) there lived a beauti
ful maiden,' who was the daughter of.
the sun. Her name was Shokujo, and
she was so serious and so busy that all
called her the "weaving or spinning
princess." At last the sun king
thought to* marry hla daughter to
Klngjn, a young man who kept a herd
of cows on the banks of the celestial
stream, but no sooner was she married
than her character seemed to change
r A Japanese Legend.
Boston' is in an ecstasy of approval of the music cure,
that strange fad which is supposed to provide a rem
edy for many ills. Enthusiasts say that any musical in
strument will do the trick, but a violin is preferred. It is
very evident that. the worthy denizens of the Hub have
not heard some of* the violinists that"have drifted oar
way.
PIGEON'S FEATHERS— Subscriber.
City. There is a superstition that no
person can die on a bed or pillow con
taining pigeon's feathers. In "British
Apollo" appears the following: "ir any
body be sick and be a-dying. If such lia
upon pigeon feathers such will be lan
guishing and never die. but be in pain
and torment,"
"Down In the Indian Territory last
week I came across a new phase of the
tippling habit," said M. B. Arthur of
Cincinnati. "It is against the law of the
Territory to sell any Intoxicants, and
the expedients resorted to are Btartling
to a man who has been used to free
traffic. in rum. A druggist at one of the
best towns In the Territory told me
that his. sale of perfumery and red Ink
has been immense, and " that a great
part of these liquids were taken as'peo
ple ordinarily use beer or, whisky. I
myself saw a half-breed toss off a
glassful of red ink and smack his lips
with an air as expressive of satisfac
tion as though it had been a nip of the
best rye or bourbon."— New , York Tri
bune.
Red Ink Straight.
VANDERBIL.TS— A. O. S.. City. The
Vanderbilts of New York are de
scendants of Commodore Cornelius
Vanderbilt, who was born on Staten
Island. N. Y., 1194. He married So
phia Johnson In 1S13 and his second
marriage was to Frances Crawford, In
1869. He died In 1877.
PRIZE MONEY— H. T.. City. Any
one who believes that he Is entitled to
prize money for having fought ,wlth
Dewey at Manila Bay should make ap
plication to the Congressman of the
district In which he lives, who will ad
vise him In the matter.
FLEADOM has been startled by the announcement
that a Los Angeles* man has invented a flea trap.
There is weeping and wailing and gnashing of
teeth in the exclusive arid othe^r circles of the pulex
irritans, but joy reigns supreme wherever this frisky
and elusive parasite makes life miserable. The authori
ties at Washington evidently consider the product of the
Los Angeles inventor a boon to mankind, for they have
promptly issued a patent to him, and we may expect,
therefore, to hear soon that the trap is in successful
operation and that all sufferers from the agile insect
which is possessed of a suctorial proboscis are enjoying
gratifying relief.
It will be interesting to know how this newest of traps
is constructed and how it is to be used. Is it large or
is it small?, If it is large and it is 'placed in a corner
or in the middle of the room, will it be taken for a mouse
trap and lure the small rodent quadruped to its fatal por
tals? Or, if it is small, will man dangle it from his watch
chain or wear it under his suspenders? And will lovely
woman have if. hanging from a string of beads, or, in
stead, conceal it beneath her peek-a-boo shirt waist?
And what sort of bait will prove most alluring to the
intended victims? Of course, the trap will have to be
baited, otherwise Mr. Flea/and Mrs. Flea and all the
baby fleas, and their sisters and their cousins and their
aunts will hop, skip and jump by the trap, igtving, it but
passing notice, continuing without let or hindrance
their jolly gymnastics and. attendant feasting. Surely
cheese cannot be used as. bait,. for, every man would then
shun his neighbor as though he were a leper.. Nor would
sugar do, for the saccharine substance would attract the
members of the musca domestica , family, commonly
called flies. And no man and no woman,: nowadays, cares
to have any one say, "There are flies on you."
The inventive genius of the southland -is to beheard
from to enlighten us as to these things. ."However,', we
K. and Hesketh Prichard's ingen
ious and exciting stories of the ad
ventures of Don Q, the Spanish
brigand, which have been a feature of
Pearson's Magazine, are to be intro
duced to the American public presently
in book form. The "K" In this literary
combination stands for Kate, the name
of Hesketh Prichard's mother, who has
collaborated with him In nearly all
that he has written. She went most
of the way with him on his recent ex
plorations In darkest Patagonia, and is
planning to accompany him on a hunt
ing expedition to Labrador next
autumn. Never were mother and son
better chums than these two. In ad
dition to all his literary work Prlchard
Is one of the most famous bowlers
among the younger generation of
cricketers.
HAIL, THE FLEA TRAP.
MINING BUREAU— S. WV Oakdale,
Cal. The California Mining Bureau In
the ferry building, San Francisco, la
open dally from 9 o'clock in the morn
ing to 5 o'clock in the afternoon, ex
cept Sundays and holidays.
A hew chase In skilled domestic ser
vice Is the English Association of
Trained Charwomen, a self-supporting
body managed by the Woman's Indus
trial Council. Through advertisements
•women who are considering the timely
question of spring housecleanlng are
Informed that the association will fur
nish for a small fee competent, honest
and clean charwomen, thoroughly
trained In all such work. The appli
cants for membership In the training
school are chiefly widows with children
to support. They are required to pro
duce two good references, one of which
must - be from some institution or re
sponsible person known to the secretary
of the council. If the references are
perfectly satisfactory the candidates
are put through a course of training
In some large house under a certified
teacher _ of domestic economy. This
course Includes instruction In all kinds
of housecleaning, and also In rough
washing. As those who know the aver
age charwoman will readily Imagine, It
serves the purpose not only of Instruc
tion, but also of a test. The cost of the
course Is $2 50, which Is paid either by
the woman herself or by the person or
institution recommending her. Those
who come through the course success
fully are registered by the secretary,
who secures positions for them.,
School for Scnibzcomen.
DANIEL. WEBSTER — Subscriber.
City. Daniel Webster never was a
Cabinet officer but once. That was in
1S50, when he wa3 appointed Secre
tary of State by President Fillmore.
Servia, it is said, is trembling on the brink of another
revolution and King Peter js suffering all the tortures
of anxiety that constituted the dread prelude to the death
of King Alexander. As long as the Servians confine the
practice of their notions of right and wrong to them
selves-the rest of the world can view the situation with
complacency, and supreme unconcern. We have troubles
of our own.
SHAFTER'S RETIREMENT — A. S.,
City. General William R. Shafter, U.
S. Ayr^was, by operation of law, placed
on the retired list June 30. 1901.
FROST — Subscriber, City. The rec
ord for twenty-two years preceding
1903 shows that the earliest frost in
Chicago, 111., wa3 September 1.
'Anszvers to Queries.
rpHE great cause of personal and political rightcous-
I ness in its march through our States and Terri
•* tories and islands of the sea has reached Minne
sota, and as a result the chairman of the Democratic
committee is in the hospital with a split lip and a scalp
stitched like a baseball cover. The Hearst movement
in that State seems to work like a. cyclone; and those
who get in the way are guilty of contributory negligence.
The telegraph flashes the news that when the Hearst
banner, inscribed with the legend, "Purity and Reform,"
was( unfolded in that State a pocketbook was unfolded
also, and that thereafter it became easy to get the
primaries in Minneapolis. In St. Paul, however, the
bearers of the banner proposed to let virtue be its own
reward, and Mr. Hearst did not get a single delegate.
From this we assume that in the Minnesota Democracy
virtue does not pay as high wages as other .employers,
and if she is working as a side partner of Mr Hearst
he ought to send a disbursing agent with her on these
business trips.
Mr. Dan Lawler of Minneapolis, anti-Hearst and good
fighter, failed entirely in opposing the great purist and
reformer, while over in St. Paul, with only the memory
of Pat Kelly to lead, reform and purity of the Hearst
brand had not whereon to .lay its head.
Minneapolis gentleman whose disabled coun
tenance is in hospital as the result of a contact with the
Hearst banner and barrel is named Bowler, but he evi
dently does not understand the game," for he was bowled
out in the first round. -
On the general field it appears to a looker-on that
interest is declining in both Hearst and Parker. Mr.
Hearst's lavish assistance extended to the needy Democ
racy made him an object of interest until it seemed ap
parent that his disbursers were getting more of the
needful than did the needy. Judge Parker, the farmer
of Esopus, had some vogue until friendly reporters'be
gan to write hHm up. When one described the hair on
his hands as bleached a bright sorrel by the sun of
Esopus interest began to evaporate. It seems nowprob
able that when the man of "soap" and the man of Esopus
meet in the convention the loud whinny, of a dark horse
'will be heard in the political timber, and they will both
retire from the field. \
HEARST IN MINNESOTA.
George Calderon. who published a
diverting book a year or so ago called,
"The Adventures of Downy V. Green,
Rhodes Scholar at Oxford," has' writ
ten another, which he calls "Dwala,"
and which has a plot of some piquancy.
An American showman, in Borneo in
quest of monkeys, becomes possessed
of one that from the first shows signs
of unusual intelligence and, soon after
ward, electrifies its owner by begin
ning to talk. This is "Dwala," who is,
in fact, the long-sought missing link.
Naturally the showman looks forward
to coining \ money with him, but Just
as the American is about to leave for
London, Dwala escapes. He finds his
way to the village of a local tribe, who
instantly make him their King. 'But
gold Is discovered in the vicinity, Eng
lish folk turn up and Dwala Is taken
In hand by a British member of Par
liament, who brings him home, pro
vides him with money and eventually
launches him In society. Here his suc
cess Is immediate and ere long the ape
man goes into Parliament and finally
becomes Prime Minister. Not until
after his death of consumption is the
discovery made that he had a tail.
The suggestion has been made public that there is ''a
slight probability of Champion Jeffries retiring after his
approaching "contest." The absurdity of the suggestion
is apparent in its very utterance. As long as the affairs
of the plug-uglies are matters of even incidental interest
to the public these worthies will never retire. The coin
of the foolish is as valuable to schemers .as is the money
of the wise. - *
"Hitherto, Russia's prestige In the
eyes of the Mohammedan wyrld baa
been Immense, to the Infinite detriment
Speaking on the subject of the pres
ent war the other day Professor Vam
bery said:
Vambery was at once taken up by the
upper few hundreds of Hungarian so
ciety and thanks to Edward vil's
championship, his right, to associate
with them has never again been ques
tioned.
The professor possesses a marvelous
knowledge of Oriental tongues. Aided
by this and disguised as a native in
most instances he was able to study
almost unknown Eastern countries
with greater accuracy.
One of the principal results of his
travels through Central Asia was to
make him a Russophobe and an Anglo
phile, for he maintains that the Rus
sians are the worst civilizers of -bar
barous and semi-barbarous nations,
while Anglo-Saxons are the best. Pro
fessor Vambery regards the possession
of India by the British as a blessing
for the native population and for hu
manity, end on the other hand he
would regard the capture of India by
Russia as a misfortune for the natives
and for humanity. He has never
ceased to wain England and the world
of Russia's dark designs in Asia, which
he has done as much as any one to cir
cumvent.
Professor Vambery Is a personal
friend of the Sultan Abdul Hamid, and
he regards Turkey's ruler as a much
maligned monarch who Is unjustly held
responsible for the misdeeds committed
by his ministers and courtiers. Vam
bery has written much In defense of
the Sultan In this sense. Long after he
became a persona, gratisslma at - the
English court, Vambery was excluded
from high society in Budapest, where
he resides, so that when the present
King of England, then Prince of Wales,
paid a visit to Budapest, he was greatly
surprised not to meet the professor at
several of the dinners given In his
honor by members of the Hungarian
nobility.
Tbe Prince called on Vambery to ask
him why he was not present, and on
hearing that Vambery was not in the
most exclusive set, he said: "Professor,
to-morrow there Is a grand ball at
Prfnce Esterhazy's house. I will p'ro
cure you an Invitation, and you wait
for me outside the ballroom." The
next night the elite of Hungarian soci
ety had assembled to meet the Prince
of Wales, and the distinguished com
pany were awaiting his entry into the
ballroom, when the doors were thrown
open, and the future King of England
appeared with his arm llnked*in Vam
bery's. In this way he walked down
the ballroom and taking the explorer
up to several Hungarian magnates, he
asked them, "Don't you know my very
good friend Vambery, who has con
ferred more honor on Hungary than
Hungary has on him?"
Orientalist who has come over to this
country, and who was received in audi
ence this week by the King. The pro
fessor, who Is over seventy-two. Is here
to arrange for the publication, in Eng
lish, of his autobiography, the prepara
tion of which he finished only a short
time ago. He always has been a bril
liant writer and his unique experiences
end intimacy with all sorts of distin
guished folk must have supplied him
with material for a really fascinating
around his neck with consummate ease,
then he slipped off the couch onto the
palms of his hands and, using these
foot-like, with his knees around his
ears and his head thrust forward from
beneath the folds of his bathrobe, he
waddled down the floor of the room — a,
most horrible spectacle.
The talkative gentleman was
sprawled out in an easy chair, gulping
down beef tea. Suddenly there con
fronted him from around the corner of
his seat this unearthly apparation, toes
waggling, face twisted as if in agony,
swaying from side to side upon the
unsteady foundation of the two hands
on the floor.
There was a splutter of beef tea and
a gurgling shriek, then from beneath
the nearest sofa came the feeble cry,
"Boys, the doctor — quick — they've come
again. No mistake this time — worse
than anything I ever had."
"When they had taken, him upstairs
the long, lean man carefully uncoiled
himself and sought his couch with the
air of one who was again fancy free
and at peace with the world.
"I'VE GOT 'EM THIS TTME.
NO MISTAKE— WORSE THAN
EVER."
rROFES?OR AKMIXITS YAM BERT.
A FAMOr? ORIENTALIST AND
EXPLORER. NOW IN LONDON.
The entirely new feature which tlws
interurban roads have Introduced Into
the traffic situation is the promotion
of what may be called the traveling
habit. There are citizens of New Eng
land to-day who can remember when
prayers were offered In the churches
for the hardy traveler of Boston who
proposed to undertake a trip to New
York. Steam communication has les
sened tenfold the minimum amount of
urgency which would induce a trip of
a hundred miles, but it has remained
for the electric road to keep people con
stantly traveling short distances. Im
pelled by motives which would not
have been sufficient to start them even
five years ago. A twenty-mile Journey
on a steam railroad requires as much
preparation as a 200-mile Journey, but
the interurban car, leisurely traversing
the streets of the town to collect Its
passengers at frequent Intervals Is such
a convenient, lazy way of getting
around that it seems not to require
much in the way of plans or of pack-
Ing. To choose between the morning
train at 8:13 and the afternoon train at
3:57 required decision^ to eat^n the
train required forethought; while now
adays if at 10 a. m. it seems casually
.advisable to go to Jonesport, all that is
necessary is to wait for the hourly ln
terurban car to pass the door. — Ray-
Morris, In the June Atlantic.
The Traveling Habit.
Fpecial' Correspondence.
he.<w>qi;arters of the call.
5 henrietta street, covent
GARDEN. LONDON, May 30— In Eng
lish literary circles, especially, much
Int^re^t has been aroused by the pres
ence here of Profersor Armlnius Vam
bery, tbe famous Eastern explorer and
.
Whom the King Honors.
s In California nature lures the children of men to a
summer rest. This State was planned for vacation time.
A few hours' travel at slight expense will relocate us
in the midst of just such a change, of scene, surround
ings and altitude as we require. From, the hot valleys
our people can go to the mountains, where waterfalls
tinkle and brooks babble, and bosky dells and the glory
of wild flowers make them forget the cares of life and
the jostle of the madding crowd, or with equal ease and
economy they can seek the sea coast and sport on the
beach, refresh them in the surf or lie in the sand "and
hear the great voice of the vast ocean, restless itself
but preaching rest tojthose who listen.
Wise are the men and women who plan a vacation
and take it, not in the contacts of a fashionable resort,
but by seeking the mountains or the shore where they
cap^-sast off the restraints of convention, wear comfort
able clothes, eat reasonable food, keep natural hours
and renew the wholesome experiences of life, which are
apt to get overrun in the rush and hurry. If money
making were all there is of life. Russell Sage's idea
would be justified. But it is far from. all, and it seldom
sweetens existence when made the chief end of man.
It is among the minor motives of existence, and when
it is not made to serve nobler things, but becomes the
master motive, it is little conducive to happiness.
WITH the close of the schools in mid June the
California vacation begins. Russell Sage, who
.is hale, hearty and acquisitive at near ninety
years, has recently decried vacations. He thinks them,
bad for a man. unfitting him to do good work when he
gets back to his office. On the other side, the late Sen
ator Stanford said it was impossible to do much work
without taking .much leisure. It is also reported re
cently that birhkers in the East look with suspicion upon
clerks who do not- go out to lunch and avoid taking
vacations. It is said that experience in embezzlements
and defaults proves that such. clerks are usually the ones
who rob the bank.
We think that Mr. Sage is wrong." Probably he has
made it profitable to avoid vacations and put in his time
studying games, in which he can outplay the other
financiers who are resting by\the sea or in the moun
tains. But it will not do to evolve, a: general rule from
his experience.
This Is the legend of the 7th of July,
when the herdboy star and the spin
ning maiden star cross the Milky "Way
to meet each other.
After this the young wife returned
to her loom and worked diligently
every day, but every evening the tvn>
would go and stand by the banks of
the river and gaze longingly at each
other. Once a year they were allowed
to cross the bridge of birds, except it
It rained, when the magpies would b3
swept away. But usually the sky was
clear on the seventh evening of the
seventh month, and the lovers met with
great joy. So in ancient times the
people of Japan celebrated this date,
hoped for clear weather and wealth
and happiness for all, while the girls
made a wish that they might be skilled
in needlework.
utterly, and she became Idle and for
sook her loom and needle.
The sun king thought the husband
the cause of this and determined to
separate the couple. So he ordered
the husband to remove to the oth.-r
elde of the river of stars find told him
that hereafter they shorld meet but
once a year, on the seventh day of th«
seventh month. The sun king then
called myrfcid3 of magpies, which
formed a briage over the floor of stars.
over which the lover-husband sorrow
fully crossed the river of heaven. Then
the magpies flew away, filling the air
with their chatterings.
VACATION TIME.
third time a few days ago, is spend
ing his honeymoon at Vienna.
Willicm Dean Howells is now at
Folkstone, the fashionable English
seaside resort, where he intends to
spend several weeks, prior to begin
ning the study of life here, which he
expects will keep him in this country
until the end of autumn at least. Rider
Haggard, having completed his tour
In Egypt, is now on his way to this
country. Henry Sienkiewiez, author of
"Quo Vadis," who was married for the
1 Stanley J. Weyman must feel de
cidedly gratified over the practical
means which the city of Geneva has
Just taken of expressing its satisfac
tion with his story. "The Long Night."
Geneva is, of course, the scene of the
latest Weyman romance and the au
thor hardly could have had any more
convincing testimonial to the faithful
ness of his treatment of the famous
"Escalade" than the illuminated ad
dress and bust of Calvin which the
leading citizens of the Swiss city are
about to send him. "The Long
Night" is now being translated into
French especially for circulation in
Switzerland.
• • • •
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
5 HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN', LONDON'. May 30. — Hun
garian opinion to the j contrary not
withstanding, it is impossible to com- j
pare the genius of the late Marcus j
Jokai with that of Alexander Dumas.
but In almost every other respect the (
famous Magyar novelist was the coun- j
terpart of the great Frenchman. In |
actual fertility Jokai surpassed "The
Three Musketeers'" author, for 'even
with the assistance of his faithful
corps of literary hacks, Dumas never
equaled the' Hungarian's tale of 200
romances and 350 collections of poet
ical works, not to mention several
plays. Jt is probable, in fact, that this
is a world's record. Like Dumas, Jo
kai had lived a life full of adventure
— and one that included a lot of ac
tual fighting — before he turned to ro
mance writing as a trade. Bluff good
humor was one of the most striking
qualities of both men's work and Jo
kai resembled Dumas in writing al
most entirely on impulse — seldom
knowing in advance what <vas going
to happen to his characters. Both
romancers were also dramatists, both
editors at one time or another. Like
Dumas, again, Jokai died practically
a poor man simply as the r-\'»^ of
open handedness to all and sundry
who applied to him. The waifs and
strays that perpetually were quartered
upon him in his house at Budapest
were exactly the sort of parasites that
Dumas maintained at his chateau of
Monte Cristo long after his reduced
earning capacity made such munifi
cence absurd. •
Fpeclal Correspondence.
The London Book World.
At a recent State conference of Democrats in St. Paul
the argument submitted was up to that high standard
which the opposition has found it expedient always to
maintain. Several debaters were sent to a hospital, an
incipinent riot was suppressed -and an overcharged at
mosphere for blocks around demonstrated to the most
incredulous that the Democracy of Minnesota is health
ful, vigorous and mentally normal.
Over on a lounge In the corner a
long, lean individual, cowled in his
bathrobe like any monk of Chartreuse,
grew restive under the interminable
drone from the lips of the ex-punching
bag. -He was probably dreaming of
old circus days and did not care to be
interrupted. At last he sat up wearily
and began in the most matter-of-fact
way to make some startling evolutions.
First he gently slid both sandaled feet
It was in the steamy sickly lounging
room of thellammam baths along about
the third hour of the morning when the
last, of the wobbly patrons had been
pounded into semi-consciousness and
lay stretched In soporific ease along
the sofas. One only was noisy and par
ticularly disagreeable.
"Yessur,' I helped Jeffries train,
helped Fi-zimm'ns train— help urn all
train. Been pounded f a pulp loz a'
times. I ain't 'fraid o' no man 'at
walks, I ain't. Ain't 'frald any
thing, I ain't." His tangled staccato
punctuated the snores with dreadful In
sistence. It was evidently billed to
run until morning.
A Nezu Variety.
of Great Britain. But now. reading the
Turkish, Arabian and Persian news
papers as I do. I see that the Orientals
are becoming disillusioned, and that re
ppect for England .Increases aa Rus
sia's glory wanes."
It is perhaps easy to control an independent manufac
turer and compel him to enter, a rival combine or go
out of. business, but'this is impossible in mining. When
a Mexican peon can find a mine, as Pedro Alvarado did,
and in a year acquire such wealth that he can afford to
offer to pay the national debt of Mexico, the difference
between mining and manufactures in tfie power of com
bination over them is made apparent. The recent reve
lations in copper in Alaska prove that even that metal
cannot long remain in the control of any combination.
Again, it is hardly possible to apply to mining of its
many kinds the principles by which the Standard Oil
Company has made its profit, which has been won by
economizing in methods and cheapening the product to
the consumer. Gold cannot be cheapened, from the
present outlook* It is not a perishable property like
oil that must be consumed in order to earn a profit to
its producer. While some is lost and \ wasted, or put
where it is not a part of the actual currency of- the
world, still, fixed in position hi the arts or wherever it
is, it is potential money.
It is said that the gold stored in the Vatican in ob
jects of art and in other forms equals in value the gold
coined and used as money by the entire continent of
Europe. But that Vatican gold is merely stored. It
is not consumed nor destroyed, and it is easily think
able that if the world's need of gold as money grew
strong enough to outweigh the considerations
which keep it stored in- other forms, it would be made
mobile to respond to that need.
Of course there will at once arise a fear that such a
combination as this engineered by .Rockefeller may. so
control the output of the precious metals as to pinch
the nations that use them as currency. But with the
mines of Siberia and South Africa in operation and con
stant discoveries in Alaska, it is difficult to see how this
could be done. If attempted, it might have the same dis
astrous effect on the combine thatythe independent out
put of copper forced upon the So/iete des Meteaux, the
first copper trust, in which Mr. Haggin had some quite
disagreeable experiences.
It is probable, too, that such a policy would run up
against the law. If a railroad merger is in restraint of
trade, how, much more is it in restraint of trade to, at_
tempt to limit the output of the^money metals which
are the very blood in the arteries of commerce?
As the resources of the law have thus far proved
adequate to control for the public interest all other
forms of combinations, and <as none has been found will
ing, even if able, to long defy both natural and statute
law,»the people can afford to wait with patience until
Mr. Rockefeller's plans and'purposes are more fully
disclosed, and if they run counter to the public welfare
the people and the law will know where to strike him.
THE latest report about John D. Rockefeller
charges him with a design to merge the mines of
America and perhaps of the world in one combina
tion, headquarters under his hat. These mining combi
nations have heretofore been managed by the Roths
childs, who are supposed to control the world's produc
tion of quicksilver. and copper. If an American has risen
who can see the Rothschild hand and go one better, it
is a matter of interest to financiers.
As a m&tter of fact great mining combinations are
not nejv in this country. The Haggin and Hearst in
terests were equal in holdings to the Standard Oil be
fore it invaded Europe. Senator Clark has a genius
for such combinations, and his interests run from Mon
tana to Mexico. It is not plain that he and Heinzc and
Senator Kearns and the Haggin interests will gain by
going into the larger Rockefeller combination, as it is
reported they intend doing.
The silver mines of this country and Mexico are al
ready practically controlled by the Guggenheims, who
are believed to have been responsible for the advance
in the price of silver which began last year. A mining
combination differs from one made in manufactures.
The history of gold discoveries in Colorado and Utah
and in Alaska proves that no one can estimate the fu
ture of that leader of the precious metals. ~\As gold in
the ground is potential money of practically unchange
able value, the next prospector may make a find that
will be entirely independent of Rockefeller and Roths
child combined.
must sing his praises, for he has done nobly, in,deed. in
giving to a long-suffering world an article that will have
as much terror for the pulex irritans as cyclones have
for the Kansans, or Japanese mines and torpedoes have
for the Muscovites*. Before long we shall be hearing
this query in streetcars »nd on street corners: "How
is your flea trap working to-day?"
ROCKEFELLER'S LATEST.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . Address" All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office • » •• - » • > • • -Third and MarketStrcete^^F.
TUESDAY .. .\ ...;...... JUNE 14, I9°4
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESTo see and hear "Charley's Aunt" at
the Alcazar, and It is to laugh till one's
eldes ache. Everybody laughed all the
time last night, and every one's sides
ached with the splitting fun of it. John
B. Maher and George Osbourne furnish
the fun. It is spontaneous, and.laugh
ter comes as naturally from the audi
ence as water over precipice. "
Mr. Manor's Impersonation of the
spurious aunt is too funny for either
criticism or description. This farce
comedy Is better than ozone or anjr
other kind of exhilarating remedy for
weak nerves. Nonsensical and improb
able as it is, one forgets those faults
because he cannot do anything else but
laugh. The company is hard to excel
and all the favorites are there— Juliet
Crosby, Frances Starr, Marie Howe,
Adele Block and Messrs. Durkin, Bil
liard and Belasco— to fill in the back-
Alcazar.
PERSONAL. 1
Dr. C. E. Reed of Redding is at the
Grand.
Dr, S. E. Simmons of Sacramento
is at the California.
Judge C. A. Gailbraith of Honolulu
and wife are at the Palace.
Former Railroad Commissioner H. M.
La Rue of Sacramento is at the Occi
dental.
W. B. Hume, a wealthy cannery man
of Portland, Is staying at the Occi
dental.
Ferd K. Rule, general auditor of the
Sale Lake road, larrived from Los An
geles yesterday and Is at "the Palace.
Dr. I* M. Taylor of Washington, D.
C, who has been visiting Eureka, re
turned yesterday and is staying at the
Palace.
Colonel J. McClellan, commanding
Fort •McKinley In Honolulu, arrived
here yesterday on a month's leave of
absence. He is making a hurried trip
to the East.
General Manager C. H. Markham of
the Southern Pacific Company, who has
been attending a conference of the
Harriman officials in Chicago, returned
to this city yesterday.
Banker George C. Nixon 'of Wlnne
mucca, who is to head the Republican
ticket In Nevada as candidate for the
United -States Senatorship, registered
at the Palace yesterday.. . ;
W. W. Shannon, the State Printer,
and his wife, who are to accompany
the Republican delegates to the na
tional convention, arrived from •Sac
ramento yesterday and are staying at
the St. Francis.
Colonel "Webb C. Hayes, son of the
late President Rutherford B. Hayes,
was among the passengers arriving on
the transport Logan yesterday. . He
formerly commanded a volunteer regi
ment and has been making a tour of
the world.
FlscLer's
Fischer's Theater still continues to
draw good houses with the burlesque,
"U. S.," the radium dance being a
special feature.
SAM DAVIS ESTATE VALUES.— An in
ventory was filed In the Superior Court yester
day of the estate of the late Sam Davis In
Tulare Klnirs and -Fresno ccnntlps. A third
Interest in the Kings River ranch cf 18.712
acres wan appraised at $20,000. All the hold
ings In the three counties aggregate *:i*,,V.5 73
In value. Judge Kerrigan appointed W. P.
Harkey J A. Onstott and George W. Carpen
ter to appraise the estate in Sutter County.
SAN DIEGO, June 13.— Hundreds
were present to-day when the yacht
Detroit, soon to be rechrlstened the
San Diego, was lifted off the_ car on
which she made her cross-continental
voyage and dropped into, the peaceful
waters of the bay. The yacht rode
the waters gracefully. There is little
YACHT DETROIT GETS
FIRST BATH IN PACIFIC
Chutes.
Russell Brandow made a great hit at
the Chutes yesterday. Richard Walsh
and Adele Ligon continued their musi
cal eccentricity. AlfonB, the wonderful
equilibrist, gave a graceful and daring
performance, and Jones, Sylvester and
Prlngle, the "Imperials of minstrelsy,"
varied their vocal selections. Gus Ki
ralfo, the comedy Juggler; Mildred
Manning, the. popular singer of illus
trated songs, and the animatoscope,
showing some great novelties in mov
ing pictures," completed a capital pro
gramme. The amateurs will appear on
Thursday night.
List of Prominent People in the
Audience.
Among those in the^vast audience
were:
Box parties — Mis« Gussie Belawro. Mi#s Sa
die Hertnghl. Miss Anne Levy, H. B. Muzzy,
A. Frledlander and E. Belasco; M. J. Levy.
H Levy M. Levy. M. Goldsmith. G. Cohen;
Mrs. I. Polaski. I. LU-bes, Mm. L Lifb»s.
l/cr. :...->•- and Dr. and Mrs. Ledrrm&n: Mr*.
M. A Tob!n Mies Tobin. Mies Russell and
Clement Tcbln; Mi*s Kore, Miu Icne Fore,
Mies Natalie For*. Walter H. Leimert. Robert
C. Newell; Miss Florence Robert*, Lewis Mor
rtscn and Lu?!u» Henderson. Lose 1 — John
Caffrey and party.
Orchestra ar.d <3ree« circle — J. I. Houseman.
Richard HotallEs;. Mrs. A. Forbes, Miss
Blanche Bates. Uruce Cornwall. William Mtn
kelbein Howard Hrickel!; Hon. Phil Metscheo
and wife. Pcrtiand. Or.; Will L. Greenbaum,
Charles J. Ftcin. Charles Samuels. J. Magdln,
Mrs. Auirufta Evans. Edward Schmidt, Nat
Schleseinper Percy V. Lonx. Dr. Rupert Blue,
M. de Joy." \V. H. Leahy. Mrs. Ernestine
Krellnic, Captain John J. Bradley. Mr. and
Mrs." J. Lu*»<l!n. Miss Nellie Wood, Mr. and
Mrs. J. B. Coryell. Mr. and Mrs. C. Bennett,
Captain Frank L. Winn Captain P. W. West.
Hiram Wolf. Miss Wolf, Miss A. Belasco,
Mr. and Mrs. l>. Arnsteln. Kat Mes
*«r. Mrs. Charles W. Knowles. A. Kut
r..-r. Mr. and Mrs. M. Adler, Mr. and
Mrs. W. Marks. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kellus
:.::.-- Reee Keilus, Joseph Alexander. Mr. and
Mrs. Abe Brown, B. Mayer, L. Friedlander.
Mr?. L. Fri«*<llaniier. Philip Seellff. Mr. and
Mrs. Jaccb FrownefelO, A. L. Hampton. -Mrs.
E. L. Golaftein. Judge Dunn, R. M. Wtlsa,
Mr. and Mrs. Ashlon Stevens, Gus Messinger,
Varaey Gaskiil. Dr. J. M. Ehortledfe. Mr. and
Mrs. W. N. Lowenthal, Miss Lnwenthal, Mr.
and Mrs. W. B. Waldron. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Farrell. Edward Belaico. Samuel M.
Shortridfce. Mr. and Mrs. Richard Kerns, Misa
Herrin Miss Alice Herrin, Mr. and Mrs. J.
M. Loirwe, Lieutenant W. J. Westervelt, Dr.
Griswold. A. K. Rich. David Rich. Joseph H.
Tobin. Mr. and Mrs. DSxwell Hewitt, Mr. and
Mrs. O. Granuccl, Chauneey St. John. Mr. and
Mrs. J. K. Brenner. Bernard Jeffrey, Miss
Edith Gay. Mr. and Mrs. Theodore Goodman,
Mr. and Mrs. William HochFtadter, Mrs. Sle
r'.i cf New York. Huso A. Waterman. Eugene
Kcra. Colonel and Mrs. Isaac Trumboll, Lu
cius Henderscri.
Je«g<* GreenSeld and party. Mr. and Sirs. E.
Strauss, Mr and lira. L. Bernard and party.
Dr. an^l Mri. Reffensburser. Mr. Guddaya, Mr.
and Mre. Fred Austin. Dr. Jelllnek. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Brown, Thomas J. Cralr. 6. Kullman,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Brown, Jack Leighton,
Mm. A. L. Frank. Mr. and Mr*. George E.
Ptaxr. Mr. and Mm. George H. Covert, Mr.
and Mr«. George H. Davis. Mr. and Mrs.
Prank Culbenscn, Mrs. Harry Campbell. Mr.
and Mrs. M. A. Mayer. Joshua Howell, . Mr.
and Mre. Theodore Bonnet, Frederic Belaaco,
Uenry Muller and part)*.
MANY SAW THE PLAY.
Alaskan Natives Declnre That They
Are Not Adequately Paid by
the Canners.
INDIANS ALONG SKEENA
RIVER ARE ON STRIKE
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 13.— The
Indians on the Skeena River are on
strike because they think they are not
offered enough remuneration by the
canners for catching salmon. The can
ners offered seven rents apiece for
sockeye8 and twenty-five cents for red
pprings. The Indians asked ten cents
for sockeyes and thirty-five cents for
redsprings. Most of the Japanese are
backing up the demands of the In
dians. G. I. Wilson, general manager
of the British Columbia Packers' As
sociation, and representatives of sev
eral independent canners have gone
up to the Skeena to try to adjust the
difficulty.
PHYSICIANS FEAR A
SPREAD OP ANTHRAX
Stntc Veterinarian Goes to Rio Vista
to Establish a Quarantine
There.
SACRAMENTO, June 13.— An out
break of anthrax is reported from Rio
Vista, and Dr. C. H. Blemer, State
Veterinarian, will go there to-morrow
morning for the purpose of establishing
quarantine. He will be accompanied
by Dr. Andrew M. McCollum, until re
cently county veterinarian of Sacra
mento County. Dr. McCollum several
days ago predicted that the flood
waters of the lower river would cause
a spreading of anthrax.
Central.
The Central Theater scored One of its
biggest successes last night fn a mam
moth revival of Dion Bc-ucicault's fa
mous masterpiece, "The Octoroon." The
production is massively staged, there
being 100 people in the cast, Including
a negro chorus of forty voices. , The
audience, which packed the house, was
enthusiastic in its plaudits from be
ginning to end.
Herschel Mayall, in the 'pantomimic
part of Wahnotee, the Indian Nemesis,
made a tremendous hit, while L. R.
Stc-ckwell, in the humorous darky rola
of Old Pete, and Gebrge Barnum, in the
strong Yankee character part ftf Salem
Scudder, were excellent. Eugenie Thais
Lawton, as Zoe, the octoroc-n, por
trayed that sympathetic heroine with
fine artistic sense. Henry Shumer, as
Jake McCloskey, the villain of the plot,
had his cleverness acknowledged by a
storm of hisses. The performance went
without a hitch.
ground for the clever work of Maher
and Osbourne. Miss Block is more at
home in this farce than usual, and Miss
Starr does a tender bit in the last act
that infused the comedy with human
ity.
shoes, and a king to beg a kiss. Her
lover has headed a rebellion against
the king. He is pursued and escapes
t<» her chamber from the pursuing mob.
She hide? him in her bed, and her
scene v.-'th the king is one to be re
membered. It is painful in its intens
ity. One wishes to laugh for her while
Louis is searehin.gr for the lover, who,
wounded and beaten into unconscious
ness, is perhaps dying at her side.
Well, it must be seen. One cannot ef
fectively tell how Mrs. Carter grips
and tears the heart here. There is an
other moment, when shrieking, praying
she goes to the scaffold. It is to be
doubted if even Bernhaxdt herse!f could
make Qf the part the dazzling thin?
the American actress makes of it.
The minor parts, too. are all well
sustained. Campbell Gollan is a villain
of splendid conviction as the Count du
Barry- Mr. Stevenson's Louis is excel
lently king-like. Mr. Millward's de
Brissac suffleient.
There is a wonderful mob scene, too
— round about half after 11 o'clock, I'm
told. BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
JAPAN STRIVING TO
¦ UPBUILD TEA TRADE
Government Will Increase Subsidy to
Stimulate Activity in American
Market.
TACOMA, Wash., June 11— Mail ad
vices from Yokohama state that the
Japanese Government will continue to
increase the sales of Japanese teas in
the United States,. and Canada by
means of a subsidy. The Minister of
Agriculture and Commerce has grant
ed a subsidy of thirty-five thousand
yen to the Central tea guild for this
year instead of seventy thousand yen
paid annually for five years past. He
has directed the guild to furnish an
estimate of expenses of the branches
maintained in New York. Chicago and
Montreal. , . .
FAMOUS ACTRESS WHO WAS GREETED BY AN IMMENSE AUDIENCE THAT
PACKED THE ORA-ND OPERA-HOUSE LAST NIGHT. WHEN SHE AP
PEARED IN DAVID BELASCO'S NEW AND MAGNIFICENTLY STAGED PLAY.
doubt in the mind of any San Diego
yachtsman that she can beat anything
that ever spread a sail on the coast,
regardless of class. '-¦¦ '-
All the literarv charm of a Shakes
pearean legend and all the best effects
that modern stagecraft could devise —
such was the presentation of "The
Proud Prince" by E. H. Sothern and a
capable supporting company last even
ing at the Columbia Theater.
The play was written by Justin
Huntly McCarthy, and its theme is
the psycho-religious fable of a King
of Sicny whose soul was as bad as its
tenement was handsome. This mon
arch ecoffs at heaven's might until the
Archangel transtorms him into a being
with person as repellant as his mind.
In this Callbanistic condition he passes
through various stages of suffering un
til the heart purification gradually ef
fected through his seemingly hopeless
passion for a pure young girl redeems
him and restores his former estate.
Longfellow has sung the story and
all its poetic worth has been utilize'd
by the dramatist. Through four acts
the symbolical meaning is sustained in
lines that are true literature, action
that is illuminative and scenes that
are near \he acme of stage ingenuity.
McCarthy calls his work "a miracle
play." but it is much more convinc
ing than it could have been when the
churcbr taught some of Its lessons
through the medium of the mummer.
The lesson is embellished with all that
has been learned of stage art since the
fifteenth century.
Sothern's acting as the King won
for him half a dozen curtain calls at
the conclusion of each act. It would
have been great acting without the
pictorial accessories, and with them it
served to rouse the big and cultured
first-night audience to a pitch of en
thusiasm rarely attained in that house.
His exhibition of the King's brutal ar
rogai.ee in the first act— where he was
the despot who neither spared maiden
ly honor nor heeded manly protest
was as thrilling in its repulsive way
as was his subsequent writhing of soul.
All Sothern did was thoroughly con
vincing. Miss Jane Laurel shared most
of the recalls with him and she fairly
earned the honor, for a more natural
young actress has never . been seen
among Sothern's associates. Her in
genuousness was accentuated by the
artistic way in which Mi3s Affle War
ner played the wanton favorite of the
King— a part that necessitated a keen
sense of repression. The slightest bit
of. over-exuberance would have made
it a less interesting performance. Both
women are richly blessed with person
ality and talent. The remainder of the
big cast was entirely adequate.
If given a decade s>~o — when Fanny
Davennort's trees were torn up in the
Egyptian storm during her perform
ances of the Nile siren— the electrical
effects introduced in the first act cf
"The Proud Prince" would have cre
ated a sensation; and even now, when
such effects are-, no rarity, they are
well worth witnessing. The scenery,
too, could not be more elaborate or ar
tistic and the incidental and entr'
acte mus! . of which there is a great
deal, enhances the intelligibility of the
scenes by its thorough appropriate
ness.
As a whole "The Proud Prince" is a
most satisfactory performance and the
folk in all parts of the theater last
night so pronounced it.
A fine opal, eet in diamonds, is Les
l?e Carter's Du Barry, seen here for the
first time last night at the Grand
Opera-house. The production itself is
the last word of riotous splendor.
Nothing before seen in San Francisco
approaches it in sumptuous, luxurious
magnificence, m overwhelming beauty
of picture. Beiasco is said to have
spirit JS3.000 upon the settings — and
"you can see the money," as Fred Be
l*sco put* It. Three thousand dollar
<juUts are spread recklessly on the Du
Harry's bed; old French medals— seen
for one flash of a moment — glitter on
i he courtiers' breasts, and if there are
not the louis in Jeanne's money
box when the bribes Du Barry, 'tis only
i^cause David Belasco could not buy
'em.
But it is only in the off moment one
finds time to note this gorgeousness cf
Mtting, for setting: it is. One remem
bers only the lavish splendor of the
Da Barry boudoir, onyx-pillared, and
with its Parian cupids, when the Du
Barry herself has gone. In the act of
the fete, where the ebb of the drama
carats, one finds a moment to enjoy
the picture, but the prays the thins.
and the Du Barry is the play. Bo the
audience decided last night — a sumptu
¦ ¦usly decorated and warmly apprecia
tive crowd that sent up as many salvos
as there were seats—on- silent back
row downstairs excepted. Neither the
summer Edens nor rival attractions
seemed to matter. For was It not Wiz
ard Belasco's play, Belasco of ours?
And was it not Leslie carter cf the
thrilling hair and caloric tempera
ment? These to withstand would take
sn audience of asbestos, and that we
were Dot — any more than are the regal
rrimson curtains that supplant this
week the horrific advertising curtain
of the everyday show flown on Mis
sion.
MAKES FREE WITH HISTORY.
Why Berlin rejected "Du Barry" is
easily enough surmised. In the "first
place, Frau Odilon played the chief
ro!<s and not Mrs. Carter. In the sec
ond. Mr. Belascn has played affright
ing tricks with the historic fact. This,
however, he confesses freely upon the
rrogramme. Most vitally Mr. Belasco's
historic juggling concerns the charac
ter of his heroine. History records no
redeeming trait in the royal harlot's
makeup. Yet history may lie. and Mr.
Belasco see more clearly in ascribing a
pure passion to King Louis' extravagant
mistress. This, however, does not ex
ruse the dramatist for impossibly tak
ing the old Due de Brissac and trans
forming him into the hero of Jeanne's
imagination. Nor should plausibility
have been so roughly impinged upon as
it is in making ever the lazy, good
natured Louis XV into a jealous, ex
acting lover. Still, these and other aJ- i
teratior.s undoubtedly conduce to dra
matic interest. This must be their ex
cuse. As it Is, "Du Barry" has the grip
of the best of the Sardou genre, of
which it most strong'. y reminds.
FICTIOX VERSUS TRUTH.*
One would like to see what Mrs. Car
ter would have done with th? Du Barry
of history, the creature completely sor
did, absolutely vain, fantastically" cruel
and wholly ar.imal. In the Belasco
play she is permitted to arouse sym
pathy at the outset, and to retain it
throughout the whol<» course of the
drama by her unselfish devotion to De
Prissac. She is seen first as the little
milliner of Labille's. fond cf a gay
gown and careless of holes in her stock
ings, hating work, and with all the
f asy coquetry of her class. Very clever,
fresh, piquant is Mrs. Carter's comedy
here. The scene itself, with the work- |
ing girls and handsome fall-lals of the
trade about, is very effective.
The next scene finds the little mil
liner as a decoy in a fashionable*gam
ing parlor. Here the Du Barry begins
to put on airs and have tempers, and
the coming favorite of the king, with
her bath tub of gold, her caprice, her
power. Is clearly suggested. Something
very gracefully ingenuous is her Tje
wtt£erment at the battling impulses
she finds in her breast, as disclosed in
her scene in this act with De Brissac.
MRS. CAKTER AT HER BEST.
But It is in the third act one g-ets the
Carter quality. Things begin to hiss
here. It is when she holds a morning
reception, with cardinals to put on her
Master Actor Wins Tri
umph in "The Proud
Prince."
Magnificent Accessories
Contribute to Stage
Coup.
Secretary Says That United
States' Act Will Receive
Attention, of- Government
LONDON, June 13.— Lord Muskerry
(Conservative) in the House of Lords
to-night questioned the Government
concerning the reservation of other
countries of coastwise trade to vessels
of their own nationality, and especial
ly to the proposed application to the
Philippine Islands of the coastwise
Jaws of the United States.
Foreign Secretary Lansdowne re
plied. He said the proposed restric
tion on the Philippines seemed Incon
sistent with certain declarations of
the United States Government at the
time of the drawing up of the treaty
of peace. The British representative
in Washington, the Secretary added,
had been requested to call the atten
tion of the United States Government
to the matter and point out the detri
mental effect of the restrictions on
British trade.
The discussion, he said, was still
proceeding at Washington, and it
would not be In the public interest to
enter into details regarding / the ex
change of views. The law does not
take effect until 18S6. Therefore there
is plenty of time to consider the mat
ter, which deserves and will receive
the attention of his Majesty's Govern
ment. '^--- \ ¦
SAX JOSE WKL-COMES
COMMANDER RICE
1
Department Head of Grand Army of
Republic Is Given Warm
Reception.
SAN JOSE, June 13.— Department
Commander C. T. Rice of the Grand
Army of the Republic and staff were
tendered a reception this evening at
Hale's HaJl by the Phil Sheridan and
John A. Dlx posts, the two Women's
Relief Corps of the posts and the La
dies of the G. A. R. Several hundred
veterans and their families were pres
ent. Commander Rice is accompanied
by Adjutant General , John H. Rob
erts and General C. A. Woodruff,
U. S. A., and Colonel H. C. Dibble,
aids. An annual inspection of the
posts will be made. The party was met
at the depot this morning by a recep
tion committee. This afternoon the
puasts were taken for a drive about
the city. There were speeches by prom
inent members of the orders, a fine
musical and literary programme and a
banquet at the reception this evening.
IAXSDOWNE ANSWERS
Mrs. Leslie Carter Gives
Her Best Work in
"Du Barry."
Sothern^s Fascinating Art
Seen in McCarthy's
Miracle Play.
Member ? -of the House of
Lords About
American Coastwise Trade
SHIPPING LAWS
BRITON'S THEME
GREAT AUDIENCES CHEER MODERN DRAMAS PRESENTED
BY FAMOUS PLAYERS WITH SPLENDID SCENIC EFFECTS
THE SAN- FRANCISCO : CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE , 14, 1904.
9
A_fftrsE_____JTa.
CALIFORNIA
To-INigHt! ¦%
¦ William Gillette's Masterpiece — Great- H
fj eat War Drama Ever Written. jj
jl Secret Service] I
B Presented by the Favorites, _l
I The Oliver Morossa Company |
Bargain Matinee Thursday. U
B Next Sunday— A PRINCE OF LIARS. O
ALCAZAR -H^C
_____ General Manager.
1 V/-11IVJ1I 1 • thUES. and SATS.
ONE WEEK ONL.T.
The Funniest Farce Comedy Ever Written.
PHARLEYS AUIMT
THE Z-&.T70XXSO ft KXT
A GREAT ALCAZAR CAST.
Evg., 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. Sl Sat.. Z5c to 30«
Next Monday — The Clyds Flteh Comedy.
LO7IES' LA3HE
Last Week of Stock Company Sunaon.
J\TSE 27— WHITE WHITTLESET.
CENTRAL^!?
; Market Street, Near Eighth. Phone South ZSX
TO-NIGHT— ALL THI3 WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND BCNDAT.
Mammoth, Revival of
1 THE OCTOROON
100— PEOPLE IN THE CAST— 100
Nerro Chorus of Forty Voices.
Soxurs, Quartets, Buck and Win? Dancing'.
Special Engagement of the Distlnyalahad
Comedian, L. R. STOCKWEIX.
DDirCC EVENING9 10 to Mo
ifiiwEj MATINEES 10c, 13c. 23o
Next— "LIGHTS O" LONDON."
YOU HAVE THE BLUES?
"YES."
"WELL," GET RID OF THEM.
Corne to See th* Funny Burlesque.
XJ. S.
You Mast Laagh and Go nomaftHapny.
Edna Aug. Garrlty Sisters. York* and Ad-
ams, Al Fields. Edwin Clark. Ben Dillon, Roy
Alton. ' Just think of these "HeadUaers.'* Tou
can't beat them in America.
Same popular prices — Matinees Satnrday and
Sunday.
Lionel Lawrence's "EIGHT RADITM GIRL3."
Next Show, "THE MORMONS."-
Monday. June 2T— First appearance of DOQ»
OTHY MORTON. Queen of Burlesque.
TIX/AI I opera
! IvuL! housev
SUNDAY EVE'l nnpuT
JUNE 19th KuDlil
0PX5T5S 0T TEE HAAT\
TIV0Lr3 517 S3ASQY H I 1 1 I i I
With the American A J i \ < / \j\j
Comic Opera Masterpiece
EDITH MASON.
With th» Ttrolfs KATE CONDOM.
Superb List of FLOYE REDLEPCE.
NEW ARTISTS, BARROM BERTHALD
Indndlnc: WILLARD SIMM3
JOHN DUNSMURE.
BEATS NOW SELLING— S3c Me "3c.
U3UAL TIVOLI PRICES.
BRANDOW AND~WILEY,
THE GREAT ALFONS
And % Splendid Show Every Af Urnooa
and Evealaar la, the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
KZHZATUXS S^ZCTXeiO BAILSOAD.
E«ner_ld» and Her BABT MONKET fa taa
Zoo. s
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
AVATETTR HZOHT THXTUSBAT.
AdmU«lon. 10c; ChUdren. Be.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 p©r Year.
POSTUM CEREAL.
Cut it
Off
if coffee is really causing voui
You say "nonsense, there's old
Bill Tones drank coffee for
vears
Ne\'er mind him, remembei
you're not Bill Jones.
You're
You
and want to be well and if you'll
cut out the dru£* coffee for 10
davs and use well boiled
POSTUM
in it's place our word for it you
will reap 'a great reward.
There's ex Reason
Get the little book, The Road to
Wellville," in each pkg:.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENT&
A ••MA1K-SAVER" that (rows In popularity.
OrOING-l GOING!! GONEIIJ.'
luriciftf tui'im if. KEftPictac wik'wu n.» TM'ur^roriurietsL
fJC' WPFfvC A riTADMAM come the reaull of hi j own neelett. Somt or.e at
rUL nUJLI/O J\ \»\JAKUU\ri hone shoutt look alter Mm? At first sight of
Th* business nan who Is too busy to look after dandruff— which Is a contagious elsaesc— New-
bis health and personal comfort needs a guardian. bro'a Herpleldt should be used. It cares dani-
To notice dandruff and falling hair Is bentath raff and clops falling hair by destroying the
bli Idea of business Later when Inturtblt bald- dandruff tern. A delightful ha!r dresilng.
ness comes h» will waste monty trylns; to ovei- STOPS ITCHING INSTANTLY.
Orsf Starts, S14KL Ses« 10c, xtiaips, tt HEW1CIDE CO, Depl H. Detrjrt, Bid, tut a uapit,
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIGINAL rtmtdy tb_t "kills tbt Daodrufl Oena."
i
?n7nnnnT directory
VU-kUUUIl 1 OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
A rtRFtcT liquid dentifrice roB THS Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
TEETH BREATH. ' <>" Application.. •
- - • rXESX AKD SALT STOATS.
USE WITH 1 ip "RfiVCC «. rft Shipping Butchers, 108
JA3. pUIEJ tt W, day. Tel. Main 1284.
K* BH Tsf Hit HlH H3 Wai « LUnRICATlNO OIL*: LEONARD A KLLI3,
HI £f Oil Kyi I! * 13 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
dU-bUyun i
F. C. BDCHES ¦ H ,_San&>r
Tflf^TO JjlllHf HbCB CHEAPEST and b«st In America— The Weekly
I I III B ¦¦ - B B.flWW O OS "Call. 1»> pases, sent to any address In the
¦ Will ¦ w IS tsviJBill United Sutes or Canada one year tor Jl.
ADVTBTISEMENTS.
A Man's Drink
Nothing makes you feel
so fit for your day's
work as
f^lipj Golden
S Gate
I Coffee
at breakfast \
.Sold on Merit
J. A FOLGER & CO.
iaiawC see the beautifnj
j COURT. Lounging
/inn room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
n t PALM ROOM, the
unuid louis xv par -
uiuuu LOR^ _ nd the LA
U A^1« DIES* WRITING
I Botels room-
AMUSEMENTS.
> Rey- Mat. Saturday. Special Mat. To-morrow 2.
; TO-HIGET AT 8 SHASF.
DAVID BELASCO,
Presents KSS.
Leslie GARTER
In His New Play.
DU BrtRRV
! PRICES. . .S3.00. S1.50, 01.00, 75c and 50c
Notwithstanding the tremendous ad-
vance sales there remain unsold many
choice seats. for this week.
E\-ERT NIGHT. EXCEPT StTNDAT. AT 8.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY, AT 2.
MANAGEMENT DANIEL. FROHMAN.
In the Miracle Play,
The Proud Prince
By Justin Huntly McCarthy. Author of
-XT'! WEBB KZKO."
Prices $3.00, $1.50, $1.00, 75c aad 50c
Carriages may b« ordered for 10:40.
Notice to Oakland Theatergoers— Mr. Sothern
will not appear at Oakland this season.
IDEAL VAUDEVILLE!
Aroust, Wcston and Company; Eddie
Keren and .Company; aoinanl Trio;
* "Mike," roster's Dor: Truly Shattnck;
Avon Comedy Four; X>eali Xnssell; Or-
pheum Motion Pictures, and
Marcel's Living Art Studies
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c. 29c
and 50c.
ICSCISIjItAglSO'ITS AJau»_nmjTB.
BUNKER HILL
EXCURSION TO
LOS GATOS.
FRIDAY, June IT. Special train lea-res
Third and Townsend at 8:30 a. m., sharp, stop-
ping at Valencia ' and Twenty-flfth. Round
trip tickets It. children iOc. Literary ei»r-
cisef, games and dancing. Auspices Bunker
Hill Association, Sons of American Revolution,
Society California Pioneers and Sons of Ver-
mont. ' '
ADVESTISZMEHTS.
«, . :rfe!-l.lL LL. :t~~?. % For Infants and Children.
Kind You Have
liliifi»lli Always Bought
similatingfteFoodandRe^uJa- \% V,*- _7
Ungthc5tomachsandBowBlsc5f \m JtJQftrS tll0 _r 1
Promotes Digestion.Chcerful- d ° g -/ |if^
ness and RestContains neither el n f W. JJ * B
Opium.Morphine nor>Iiii£ral. Jj Ul /ft ll/
>ot Narcotic. A • fivVlfP*
Jta/HcfOUO-SIMUILPtrCHZR iji I \r\
Jlxfmne. * 1 B_7« ¦
n*f*™t - > yj ll I It I ill
VirtpSemd- I 'H II %J\
CLiifiMl A-pir I |J _§§V 1 •» ft
Min^mtfUmr. ) /\| _lj II O P
Aperfecl Remedy forConstipa- i \ Yj iV " **
Turn, Sour Stomach. Diarrhoea .|i I \kj _-.
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- ¦ •% I Wg Lap IB IF OP
ness and Loss of Sleep. > \J* B U I U V 0 1
Fac Simile Signature of ?
6£&f94&£*'. Thirtu Yojjro
I K T EWYDHK. «| IllllljICUiO
EXACT COPY OF WRAPPER. M tlB |p|i HjB Hji B H H Wvk
TMI ICKTAUM CO«nn. HCW TOM MTV.NEW YORK, June 13.— Malcolm
Ward successfully defended his title
as Metropolitan lawn tennis champion
here to-day by defeating the challeng
ing player, Robert Leroy of Columbia,
ln«three straight sets— 6-3, 6-2, 6-1.
Ward Still a. Champion.
BUTTE, Mont., June 13. — Benny
Yanger, the "Tlpton Slasher." took the
count In the eighth round to-night
when Aurelio Herrera of Bakersfield,
Cal., landed his famous punch. Yang
er's fighting was faster than any for
mer opponent Herrera has met, but
notwithstanding his advantage In
speed he was • a comparatively easy
victim for the Mexican, who played a
waiting game, plodding slowly for an
opportunity to land, that single blow
that has sent so many to the mat.
Toward the last of the eighth, and
while close to the ropes, Herrera land
ed an awful right swing on Yanger's
jaw during a fierce mix-up. Crossing
with his left to the same point, -he
dazed the Italian, and before the man
from Tipton could cover two more
fierce right arm swings found the Jaw
and Yanger went down.
At the. count of nine he started to
rise, when Herrera again tapped him
on the Jaw, which sent . him
down for good. Herrera used
his crouch once or twice when
the mix-ups got- too , warm, " but
generally fought open, and his clever
work showed him to be at his best.
Yanger was thought to be In perfect
condition. The purse was 52500.
BUTTE, "Mont., June 13.— Jack
O'Keefe and "Honey" Mellody went
twenty rounds to a draw here to-day
for the white welter-weight champion
ship. Up to the seventeenth round the
light was Mellody's. He did all the
leading, and repeatedly sent O'Keefe
to the ropes. In the eighteenth round
O'Keefe rallied strongly and made such
a showing that Referee Duncan Mc-
Donald called the fight a draw. The
men weighed In at 142 pounds. Fully
5000 people witnessed the bout.
O'Kcefc and Mellody Draw.
BENNY YANGER SUCCUMBS
TO IIEURERA'S WALLOPS
In addition to being the captain of
the team,* Clarkson had for four years
been the best pitcher In college. In his
four years he has lost only, five games,
three to Princeton .and one: each to
Georgetown : and .Williams, ~
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 13.—Wal
ter Clarkson, captain and pitcher of
the Harvard varsity nine, was to-night
barred from further participation in
college games by a vote of the Har
vard athletic committee. /Clarkson has
signed a contract with the New York
American team, thereby violating: the
rule governing Harvard athletes.
At a meeting of the athletic commit
tee to-night Clarkson denied he had
signed a contract for an annual salary
of $8000, but made a statement In which
he said on May 6 he signed a contract
to play ball with the New York Amer
ican team the coming season and that
on that day he was paid a consider
able sum outside of the money stipu
lated in his contract as an inducement
to sign the contract at once. By a
verbal agreement with Captain Grif
fith the Harvard man was not to begin
work with the New York team until
after the close of the college season.
Clarkson said that it was his inten
tion to keep the matter secret until. the
college i season had closed. , His last
game with Harvard was played against
Amherst last Wednesday. He has
played in six games since signing with
New York.
Although the college season is nearly
closed there still remain two games
with Yale on the 23d and ; 28th and
Clarkson'a absence will be seriously
felt.
HARVARD'S GREAT PITCHER
TWIRLS LAST COLLEGE GAME
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
First race — Vanness, New Mown
Hay. Olympian.
Second race— Floral King, Shawaaa,
Fred Lcppcrt.
Third race— Beau Ormonde, Gregor
K, Talpa.
Fourth race— Prince Silvcrwinsps,
Miss Crawford. Gregor K.
Fifth race— The Mist, Broadway
Girl, Resale. . .
Sixth race — Tancred, Boaster,
Frelsins.
First race, »ix and a half furlongs, selling —
Sweet Tooth 114 Buck "Wynne 101. New Mown
Hay 106 Determination 104. Ryevale 06. Hud
son 104. 'My Jane 92 Jim Tyrell 07. Van Ness
111. Mandy Lee 96 Selected 101, Mao* Pine
104 Olympian 118. ilewo 107. Falernlan 101.
Second race, six furlongs— Harney 111.
Americano 114, Shawana 98. Sad Sam 108,
M.iuBiinl 10(5. Fred Leppert 100. Floral King
10.! Schwalbe 111. John A. Scott 109.
Third race, one mile handicap — Ananias t>2.
Beau Ormonde 98. Felipe Lugo 94, Talpa 103.
Elwood 97. Emperor of India 03. Gregor K
108 Gilfain W>.
Fourth race,' one mile — Phil Fincn 90, Joe
Lesser 106, Ananias 100. Foncaata 100. Em
peror of India 04. Ahola 100. Gilfain 1C9.
Oregor K 10!). Prince SilverwlngB 97, Miss
Crawford 88. Peter J 106.
Fifth race five furlongs— Peggy O Neal 107,
Regale 100. Broadway Girl 115. Moorish Dam
sel 100. North Wind 100. Lillian Ayres 10Q,
The Mist 115, Sadie R 100. - '
Sixth race.* one and an eighth mliet sell
ing—Black Wolf 90. Banter 104, Sari"* 99,
Lacy Crawford 103. Freislas 85. Fair Order
88 Tancred 113, ¦ Omdurman 107. Schoolmate
90i Boaster 104 Lord Touchwood 105, Ml Relna
100, Cornwall 109 Telephone 94, Baronet 101.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
Frank McConnell. the pride of the
city a few years ago, then came up,
and Munroe followed the clever welter
weight around the ring and refused
to be feinted out. It was a fast round,
with McConnell leading often "and
Munroe always there with the block.
Jack's footwork was very fast, and he
surprised the big crowd by the clever
manner in which he boxed his agile
opponent.
Trainer in Chief Tim McOrath saved
Andy Gallagher for the last two
rounds. These were about the swift
est of the bunch, and it was then that
the big miner showed his speed. He
landed some jolty ones on Andy's head
and body, and the latter was glad
when it was all over. He finished up
the day by tossing the medicine ball
with Gallagher, and after his rub
down looked better than ever before.
He commenced with big Jack Sulli
van, and at the end of one fast round
Sullivan was all used up and read*
to drop. Joe Long came next, and the
miner's stiff wallops to the body did
not do Long any good. He rushed the
big fellow at times, but always ran
into a straight left when he came fast.
At the end of the round Munroe hit
his man a punch on the Jaw that all
but dropped him.
Jack Munroe put in a hard day's
work yesterday afternoon at his train
ing quarters. After breaking the small
punching bag and bustling the sand
bag in a lively manner, the miner got
after his sparring partners and made
it decidedly interesting for four of
them.
ly Handled by Big Fellow.
Four Lively Sparring; Partners Rough-
31UNROE WORKS HARD AND FAST
Barney Oldfield in Trouble.
CLEVELAND, June 13. — A warrant
was eworn out to-day for the arrest
•f Barney Oldfleld, the American
champion automobilist, on the charge
of running his machine on Franklin
avenue at the rate of tbirty-flve miles
an hour. This Is nineteen miles faster
than permitted by law. Oldfield, upon
learning that a. warrant had been
Issued for him, telephoned police
headquarters that he would come to
the Central station and jjive himself
tip.
Fltzslmmons to Box O'Brien.
KEW YORK, June 13.— An agree
ment has been reached and articles
will be signed shortly for a six-round
boxing match between Robert Fitzsim
tnons end "Philadelphia Jack" O'Brien.
The bout will be held In the open air
In the Philadelphia ball park. The ex
art date will be decided when the
articles are signed. The men will weigh
in at 166 pounds.
When Jeff arose yesterday morning
and started in to work he did not feel
right. The injured knee, while not
bad to look upon, was stiff, and it
bothered the big fellow when he tried
to exercise. He did not despair at
first, but tried to go through his stunts
in the gym. The more he worked,
however, the worse the knee got, and
finally he held a consultation with
Trainer "Billy" Delaney. They decided
to announce that It would be impos
sible for the champion to fight before
June 24.
Delaney communicated with Coff
roth and the latter at once decided
to give the champion a few days of
grace and put the date over till June
30. This seemed to meet with the ap
proval of Munroe's manager, Harry
Pollock. The champion will probably
be satisfied, as a few days' rest will
do him good.
"We are very sorry that the fight
goes over," said Billy Delaney last
night, "but there is nothing else to be
done. The big fellow is not right and
he will not take any chances of losing
the title he battled hard to gain and
maintain. It is out of the question
for Jeff to enter the ring before the
24th, ns his knee is stiff, and rest Is
the only remedy for it. We will re
main at the springs till a day or two
before the fight, so that Jeff will have
plenty of time to train. He will be
fit by the 24 th."
Harry Pollock will not claim Jeffries'
$2500 forfeit. "We came out here to
James J. Jeffries nnd Jack Munroe
will not clash for the heavy-weight
championship of the world until
Thursday evening, June CO. The post
ponement was decided upon last night
by MaiTager CofTroth of the Yosemite
Club after he received a dispatch from
"Billy" Delaney saying that the cham
pion's knee was still bothering him
and asking that the fight be postponed
one week at least.
Manager Coffroth said last night
that the tickets already sold for the
big fight will be good on the night of
June 30 and that there will be. no
change In the seating arrangements
of the pavilion.
"I do not want to fight a lame man,"
said Jack. "Let him get into the best
possible condition, and then there will
be no hollering if the mill goes against
him. A few days' extra training will
do me good."
win the light and not to take : the
champion's money," said he. "Of
course, it is too bad that a postpone
ment is necessary, but we are willing
to stand for it and give Jeff all the
time he wants to train. It will do
Munroe good to work a few days
lonper."
When told of the postponement
Munroe did not seem at all concerned.
JAMCS J. JKFVRIEH. THE WORLD'S CHAMPION HEXVYWEIgFiT BOXER
WHOSE INJURED KNEE HAS HADE IT NECESSARY TO IviSTPOXE.THE
FIGHT WITH JACK HUKROB, THE BITTTK MIXER, TILL JlNIi .TO.
Pursuant to orders of Mayor Harri
son that bookmaking on horseraces is
not to he permitted in Chicago in any
form, Chi?f of Police O'Neill declared
to-night that the orders would be car
ried out to the letter. The book
makers h«ve announced that they in
tend to do business at Washington
Park this year as usual, and unless
one side or the other changes its atti
tude a serious clash seems inevitable.
The war against the bookmakers is
one result of the fight now being
waged by the University of Chicago
and other owners of property in the
district in ¦which the racetrack lies to
«bolish the track altogether. The
Washington Park track management
hRS alreadr announced that the stand
of the city officials against bookmak
ing Trill not interfere with the running
of the Derby on Saturday.
CHICAGO. June 13. — A riot similar
to ilip one at GnrliPld Park racecourse
in 1893. when Captain J. H. Brown of
Texas was killed and many others
badly hurt, may occur at the Wash
iiifrtoii Park racetrack next Saturday,
when the annual race meeting of trie
Washington Park Club will begin, with
the American Derby as the chief at
traction.
Cliicaso I*oli«-e Will Raid the Race
track Should Bookmakers
Post Up Odds.
TROUBLE EXPECTED WHEN
WASHINGTON- PARK OPENS
Batteries— Sudhoff and Peitx; Fraaer and
Dooln. Umpire — Emslie.
New York 2 5 2
Batteries — Brown and KKng; Mathewson and
Bowerman. Umpires— O'Day and Zlmmer.
BOSTON. June 13.— Pittsburg won from
Boston to-day, errors turning the score against
the home team. Attendance, 2500. Score:
R. It. E.
Pittsburg « 0 3
Boston « 4 9 5
Batteries— Phillippl and Phelps; Wlthlehm
and Moran. Umpire — Moran.
PHILADELPHIA, June 13.— It looked like
an easy victory for Cincinnati to-day, but in
the local's half of the eighth Sudhoff lost con
trol, giving three bases on balls and forcing
in a run. Attendance, 1000. Score:
Cincinnati .'. ,. 4 n" j
Philadelphia .....6 4 2
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW TOHK. June 13.— Chicago defeated
New York to-day, winning the series. The
home team could not bat effectively with men
on bases, whil? Chance's fine hitting, the
feature of the game,, won for the visitors. At
tendance. 5000. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 3 4 2
New York 1 5 1
Batteries — White and Sullivan; Wolfe and
McOuire,
DETROIT, June 13. — What hits Detroit made
off I'atton came with errors by Washington
and gavo the game to the locals. Mullin
pitched a great shut-out game, scattering the
«afe ones so they were wasted. Attendance,
12C0. Score:
R. II. E.
Detroit 3 3 0
Washington 0 5 4
Batteries — Mullin and Buelow; Patton and
Drill.
Boston 6 13 0
Batteries— Glade, Sicvers and Kahoe; Tanne
hlll and Farrcll.
CHICAGO. June 13. — To-»l«y'« game was a
pitchers' battle and an almost perfect fielding
game. New York's only run was made on
Ganzell*8 double and a long single by Me-
Guire. Attendance, 3200. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago '. 2 3 0
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND. June 13.— A wild Pitch by
Moore and Lajoie's error allowed Philadelphia
to tw the score, and then the visitors won out
in the tenth, scoring- seven runs on six hits.
Waddell struck out thirteen men and Moore
eight. Attendance, SSuO. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 2 0 3
Philadelphia 9 12 0
Batteries — Moore and .Abbott; Waddell and
Schreck.
ST. LOUIS, June 13.— Boston defeated St.
Lnuls here to-day in «n uninteresting game.
The game was slow and dragging and barring
one hard stop in the sixth inning was without
incident. Attendance, 2C00. Score:
n. h. e.
St. Louis 2 11 2
(National league.) (American league.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Chicago •_'O It .«!74 Boston 32 l. r > .<!SI
N>w Tork...21> 15 .659 New York... 'JO !!? ."S
Cincinnati . .30 1«S .KS2 Chicago 27 21 ,5t>2
St. l/ouls ...21 21 .500 Cleveland ..2:5 1f> .!W8
Plttshiirg ...22 22 ..VX1 Philadelphia. 2t 20 i54S
Brooklyn ...19 2S .401 . St. Louis ...-1 2- i488
Boston 16 2ft.. 3'U Detroit 17 27>>3SQ
Philadelphia. 0 31 .'_'23l\Vashliigton.. 8 33 .1S6
STANDING OK T1IK CLUBS
Chieapo Takes Final Game of Scries
From New iork Giants on
Polo Ci'omuls.
PHILADELPHIA SCORES
SEVEN RUXS IX TENTH
ST. LOUIS. June 13.— Bernays, favor
ite over Dick. "Welles for the $30,000
"World handicap to be run here June
25, made a splendid snowing: In his
first out here, winning in a ramp from
Flying Torpedo, who was several
lengths back. Dick "Welles was given
a private work at 3 o'clock in the
morning yesterday and dockers who
caught it say that Welles is far from
being out of the hunt, as was reported.
Respass has $3000 bet en Dick "Welles
in O'Leary's future book. The weather
was fine and the track good. Racing
was formful. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlonxs;
purse; two-year-old fillies.
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Gay Adelaide. 110 (Wtsn) 3 14 1 IS
5 to 1 — Dishabille 110 fKnight). 8 * 2 2 nk
7 to 2— All Black. 115 «Nelley>.. 8 4 14 3 S
Time. :55%. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. Oots Bros.* br. f. (2) by Gay Lad-Lucy
Adelaide. Jetty 103, Pedesla 105. San Felteit*
105 Picture Hat 110, Arlena 110. Ltmertci
Girl 1C5. Hersala 110. finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs:
purse: three -year- olds and up.
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Blissful. 101 (Hennesy) 6 13 IS
12 to 1— Hook Se Oka.95 (Prkns) 4 2 4 2 1^
4 to 1— Lady Vashtl.102 (Austn) 1 7 2 3 S
Time. 1:21 & Start poor. Won easily.
"Winner. L. A. Bonsack's ch. m. (4) by Mag
net-Bliss. Ruralist 102. Crescerton 107. Flor
estan 102 Vassal Dance 104. Glen Gallant 10«>.
Tenny Bell 87. Zella Knight 104. Shortcake 87.
Wlssendlna 102. Foxy Kane. 110, finished as
named.
THIRD BACK— Six furlongs: jmrs«; thre»
year-olds.
Bettting. Horse. Weight. JocUey. St. *» Fin.
•1 to 1— F. Bergeries. 100 <A»tn) 1 16 1 l'j
11 to 6— F. Favorite. 104 (Stoval) 3 2 3 2 6
4 to 1— Mordella. 104 (Perkins). 2 3 *i 3 «
Time, 1:15 Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. E. S. Gardiner's b. f. (3) by Hlmyar-
Frogmlre. Hoedown 104. Atlas 100. TVreath of
Ivy 100 Eonnie Mary 104. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — One mile and seventy
yards; three-year-olds and ud; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin,
1 to 3 — Bernays, 103 (Watson)... 1 11 17
5 to 1— F. Tcrpedo. 104 «An<irfin) 3 4 2 1
20 to 1— Pettljohn 100 (Vitttoe).. 4 2 1 3 10
Time. l:4tH 4 . Start good. Won galloping.
Winner J. B. Respass' ch. h. <4> by Wads
worth-Modjesca. Terra Flrma 107 also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «J Fin.
Even— Collonade. 107 <H«»nnessy) « 2 1 1 "
5 to -•— €•. Thompsn 100 (Crwfrd) 3 11 2 7
«tol— Dollv Uray. 102 /Austin).. 4 3 3 :: 'i
Time, 1:27. Start gcod. Won romping. Win
ner. J. B. Hespass' b. h. (4) by Fon^Llly M.
Little Corker 90, Avoid,,97. Thane lot;, finished
as named. . '
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
thre«>-year-nld.s and up; rmrse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jnckey. St. «; Fin.
5 to 2— Falkland. 00 i Anderson*. 4 31 It
D to 2— Polin'la. S."> (Perkins) 1 4.1 2 1
lOtol— -ReO Thistle. 05 (Ilennsy) 2 Il'i" I
Time, 1 10. Start v«? r y poor. Won riding.
Winner Bennett & Co.'s b. c. (3) by Falsetto-
Fright. Mil.rrcd L s:. Mcrwan 1C3.- Orphean*
1C". Buccleutli 10a, Bessie McCarthy 111, fin
ished as named.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
First race, four and a half furlongs, maiden^
— Covina 112. A. Muskoday 112. Gavin C 112.
Mail Box It2. Colonel Simpson 112. Lnyal
Street ICO. Dr. N-ish 1K>. at Malo 100. John
Randolph 1P9. Mellwood 107. Laur'l I, 107. In
flammable 104. Fred Priesmeyer 104. The Drus
glftt 104.
Second race, five furlongs — King's Trophy
112. Milton Young 107. Braden 107. Mrs. Jack
Dolan 104. Clss Powell 104.
Third race, one mile — Mohave 103. Forehand
105, King Ellsworth 105. Pathmaster 105.
Frank Coiling 102. TV. P. Palmer 102. Athene
10O.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — Elastic
121. Big Ben ISi. Ice Water 111. Mattle H
107. Two Lick. 104. Autumn Leaves 97 Floral
Wrpath 93.
Fifth race, mile and twenty yards, selling—
Commodore Forster 111, Lingo 105 Ivernla 105,
John II l(Ki. Charlie Grainger 103, Lady Match
less 101. Eleven Rells 101. Porouoi Pas ir*».
KlngRtelln IK>. Laton 00, Nath Woodcock 92.
Tribes 92, Misanthrope 01. Elle S7.
Sixth race, one and an eighth milne, w»llins
— Sambo 116. Bessie McCarthy 104. Nettt« Rf»
jr*nt 102, Major Graham 101. E.igardo 99.
Barca OS. Miss Eon flS. Trapsetter S3 Saliva:*
8C, Easter Walters 7S.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
First race — Lanrcl Ij, John Ran*
dolph. Corina.
Second race — Milton Younj?, Bradrn.
Kind's Trophy.
Third race— Athen, Frank Collins*
Mohave.
Fourth race — Mattic H. Ice Water.
Elastic.
Fifth race— Elie, lingo, Ponrqnoi
Pas.
Sixth race— Sambo, Nettie Recent,
Mayor Graham.
GRAVESEND, June 13.— Every fav
orite was beaten to-day and bookmak
ers went home in much better spirits
than on any day recently. Tales of
Individual losses by plungers were rife
all afternoon. Joe Yeager alone, it was
said, lost $25,000 on Conjurer and Mi
mosa in their respective races. E. E.
Smathers was $.10,000 poorer after the
defeat of Stolen Moments in the fifth
event.
But a small amount *was won on
Pierre Lorillard's Chrysltls, when that
filly, now at her best, defeated Incanta
tion and 'Schulamite, at even weights,
thus showing an improvement of some
ten pounds at least in her form. Early
in the race, Hildebrand, Schulamite's
Jockey, had,, according to the patrol
Judge, Interfered with Incantation, who
appeared to be squeezed back. For his
reckless riding Hildebrand was fined
J^OO and suspended for two days. The
Astoria Stake was worth $7,750 to the
winner, whtch Is the daughter of Golden
Garter and Aurania, the last named
being once well known when the prop
erty of the Messrs. Dwyer.
• Concern was expressed when it was
seen that Short Hose, favorite for the
second race, was "sore" and his pre
liminary was so poor that the second
choice, Conqueror, was heavily played
to beat him while Joe Yeager in his
book took all the money offered on
Short Hose. He was right as to the
latter, but did not pick the winner,
which proved to be W. C. Daly's Him
self.
FIRST RACE— About six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up:
Bettlrg. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
lotol — Witchcraft. 9S (Travers). 6 S 1 1 1^
5 to 1— Emergency. 8u (Crimus). 7 1 H 2 1",
3 to 1— Astarita. Ill (O'Neill).. 3 3 2 3 * 4
Time, 1:10. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, E. E. Smather's ch. f. by Horoscope-
Queenston. Castallan. King Pepper, Mimosa.
Right and True. De Reszke, Counterpoise,
Osgood. Iredeus, Dr. Chapin and Cascine fln-
Uhed as named.
SECOND RACE— Mile and an eighth; handi
cap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Hurse. Wright. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
10 to 1— Himself. 99 (D.O'Connr) 1 1 1* 1 ns
15 to 1 — Carbuncle, 105 (Redftrn) 2 5«;;5
6 to 5— Shorthose. IIS (Lyne)... 6 7 2 3 ns
Time. 1:54 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. C. Daly's ch. h. by Himyar-Feli
cltie. Conjurer. Phaon. John F and Scotch
Thistle finished as named.
THIRD race— Mile and seventy yards; purse;
throe-year-old fillies:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
IS to ft— Little Em, 102 (J.Martn) 2 3 '.* 1 l'j
2 to 5— Minola. KB) <Khaw> 1 1 h 25
15 to 1— Bridlepath. 101 (Hildeb) 4 4 2 U S
Time. 1:*5 2-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. W. Lakeland's ch. f. by Ducrest-
Roheban. Palette and Wtnkaway finished as
named.
FOfilTH RACE— Five furlongs; the Astoria;
two-year-old filllen:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1 — Chryyitls. 114 (O'Neill).. 4 1113
7 to 5 — Incantation. 114 (J.Mrtn) 1 3 h 'i 6
8 to 5— Schulamite. 114 <HiMeb) 3 2 1 3 ns
Time. 1:01 1-5. Start sood. Won easily.
Winner. P. Lorillards br. f. by Golden Garter-
Aurania. Bellatrix. Virgl and Novena finished
as named. *
FIFTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
3 to 1— Palmbearer, US (Travers) 5 4 15 Ins
30 to 1— Gay Lothario. 100 (Corm) 1 1 1>j2 %
4 to 1— Sheriff Bell. 116 (Burns). 3 3 h 3 l«i
Time. 1:47 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, E. R. Thomas' ch. g. by Horoscope-
Handmaid. Stolen Moments, April Showers and
Sir Roche finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; handicap; two
year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «; Fin.
12 to 1 — Councilman. NO (Crlmns) 2 14 12
U to 1— St. Bdliane, 112 <Redfrn) 1 5 5 2 6
13 to &— Agile. 10C (Helge»i»n)... S 4 2 3 Pi
Time, 1:01 2-6. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner, J. E. Madden's br. c. by Approval-
Bremen. Salvage. Amber Jack. Lochnivar and
Grand Marshal finished as named.
GRA VESEND * ENTltlES.
First race, about six furlongs, handicap—
Reliable 140. Mixzen 130. Lux Casta 114. Pulsus
llti. J>amon 112. Salvatella 110. Armenia 10ft.
Grenade 100. St. Valentine 102, Klnc Pepper
97. Gold Saint 95.
Pecond race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Arnes D 108. Stllicho 10S. Gold Van 103. Sabot
1W!. Dekabar 102. Cottage Maid 101. Nine Spot
101, Go Between OS. Baikal 08, Lady Potentate
08, Naughty Lady 9.S. Heatherdown !>1. Catallne
91 Totness 00. Seymour 88. Hydrangea 84.
Third race, five furlongs, two-year-olds — Right
Royal 112. Workman H2, Pasadena 112.
Gemara 107, Tongorder 107. Don Royal 107,
Confecsor 107. Observer 107. Golden Sunrise 107,
Hot Shot 107. Petit Due 107. Grand Slam 107.
Red Friar 107, Mirthless 104. Salt and Pepper
10-t.
Fourth race, mile and a furlong-. Brookdale
handicap — Major Dalngerfieid 129, Hermts 125.
Africander 127. Eupenia Burch 112. Dainty
100, Knight Errant 07, Colonsay 8S, Monadnock
98. Br-ioklynlte 08. Ostrich 00.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
The Southerner 111. Sals 108. Ascetic 104,
Possession 104. Champlaln 101, Seymour 9S,
Dick Bernard 96, Glisten 96, Coppella 93. Cata
llne 93, Silver Days 91.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, two
y«^r-old maidens — Jerry C 112, Golden Green
112. Flyinr Rtdskln 112, Knlsrht of Weston
112. Sailor Boy 112, Flying Schwab 112. Knight
of Pearl 112. Observer 112, Prince Joseph 112.
Migraine 112, Antimony 109. Idle Hour low,
Stann 100. Linda Lee 109. 3Iaxey Moor* 109.
Diamond Flush 100.
First Race*— Reliable, Lux Costa, St.
Valentine.
Second Race — Lady Potentate, Sey
mour, Totness.
Third Race — Hotshot, Right Royal,
Pasadena.
Fourth Race— Hermis, Dainty, Eu
genia Burch. -
Fifth Race— Sals, Glisten, Dick
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
Results at Seattle.
SHATTLJ:. "Wash.. June 13.— Following \%
to-day** Meadows summary:
First race, five furlongs — The Stew*rde!>«
won. Kins Herald second. Alffarett* third.
Time. 1:CS»4.
Swond race, six furlongs — Rollick won Mw
Surprise second. Lauretea third. Time 1-14
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Hindoo
fh^TinT'l^r 8CCOnd * Shermaa
Fourth race, mile and 10O yarrls^ — Glen R!c»
won. Pastmaater second. Claudator third. Tlm«
1:43.
Fifth race, three and a half furionn Queen
T won. Billy Mahan second. Ulctma third.
Time. :41%.
Sixth race, one mile— Ceor»e Berry won. Dr.
Rowell second, Anlrad third. TIm». 1:42};.
President Roosevelt, by proxy, won
the silver cup on the target of honor.
It is customary at the opening of each
fest for the first three shots to be fired
by the president of the bund on behalf
of the President of th^ United States.
To-day Henry Kroeger scored 67 oo be
half of President Roosevelt and this
proved high score. The President was
notified of the event and the silver cup
was sent to him.
NEW YORK, June 13.— The Fourth
National Bund Shooting Festival of
America opened to-day at Union Hill
Park, Hoboken. There was a large
attendance of expert German marks
men, including sixteen crack shots
from California. These representatives
of the Pacific Coast made fine records
on the first day, the following San
Franciscans gold medals: A.
Strecker, Max Kolander, Captain F. A.
Kuhls. William F. Blasse, F. W.
Blasse and M. Reubold. It Js prob
able that some of the big prizes of the
festival will go to California.
. The grand -parade of riflemen, which
is one of the principal features of the
fourth annual shooting festival now
being held in Hoboken, took place to
day. The parade was held in New
York. The men were reviewed by
Mayor McCIellan, the German Consul
and his staff and a hundred other dig
nitaries from this city, New Jersey and
other States, some coming from Cali
fornia to participate in the review and
parade. There were nine, divisions un
der the leadership of Captain Lewis
Wennell.
Many of the directors have been op
posed to professional boxing contests
in the club, but they have tolerated
them because they felt that the organ
ization needed the money. Those who
•will deride the question are President
R. M. Fitzgerald. Paul J. Schafer. Phil
H. Rosenheim, P. J. Cadagan. Fclton
Taylor. G. R. Lukens and Walker B.
Fawcett.
The directors have received assur
ance that as soon as the professional
fights are abolished more than enough
money to meet the deficit will be sub
scribed by those interested in the club.
The promoters of the new plan pro
pose to substitute amateur boxing con
tests for the open professional. These
xrill be for members only. No admis
sion fee will be charged. If the club
members should ever desire a profes
sional contest between top notchcrs
the maXch would also be for member?
only and therefore the public would be
«>xcJuded as in amateur events.
The proposed change is expected to
¦win the approval of the directorate. In
lact, it is said a majority of the di
rectors have signified their desire to
end the professional exhibitions as soon
bs financial considerations permit-
The revenue from them has been or
vise to the club In Its straitened cir
cumstances, but the crisis has been
passed and the dub Is on its feet more
strongly than It has been for several
years.
The proposal to abandon professional
boxing contests as revenue producing
entertainments •will be the subject of a
special meeting of the board of direct
ors of the Reliance Athletic Club called
Jor Friday night. It is proposed not
only to stop the professional fights, but
to limit the attendance at any future
contests to members only.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 13.
Time-Honored Custom Fol
lowed and the President
Is Awarded First Trophy
Directors Believed to Be
in Favor of Eliminating
Money 3Iaking Contests
CALL SPECIAL fflJETING
GOOD REPRESENTATION
SEVENTH RACE— One mile; selling; three
year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
3 to 1— -Dutiful. 94 (Fisher) 3 11 1 h
7 to 2— Canyon 100 (Lawrence) 7 5 h 2 3
15 to 1— Gen. Steward.J>2 (Oregr) 4 ; (j 3 1
Time, J :42 3-5 Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J W. Schorr's ST. c. (3) by Faraday-
Sllpalong. Durbar 90. Albany Girl 07. Hain
ault 109, Emma A M 105. Ethel Scruggs 90,
Heidrich 109, Solon 102, Prairie Dog 109.
finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; three
year-olds and up.
Betting:. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. "i Fin.
3 to 1— A. Dufour, 87 (Grnfleld) 4 2 l%t h
10 to 1-aHarrlson. 102 (Nlcol).. 2 3 3 2 4
13 to 10— Glassful. 107 lUwrnc) 1 lh 8 2(j
Time 1:41 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. E. Corrlgan's b. f. <:".) by Artillery -
Swanhllda. Ebony 9K. Federal 102. Foresight
100, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
4 to 1— S!nt. Water. 97 (Grnfld) 6 2 11 •.£
12 to 1 — Freckman. 09 (Lvngstn) 7 8 2 2 h
30 to 1— Tapiola. 102 (Elliott). .12 7 H 3 h
Time 1:15 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, R A. Smith's br. f. by Watercress-
Sllenta. Dusky OS, Watermelon 99. St. Paula
0". Sartor P.esartus 09. Tryon 101. I*ord Wads
worth 107 Prince of Ptlsen 107, Villager 107.
Teddy 104. pargln 105, Angela 102, finished
as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
purse; four-year-olds and up.
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
0 to 5— Col. Girl. 107 (A. Bookr) 2 1 h 1 2
4 to 5 — MeGee, 104 (Sheehan).. 123 22
15 to 1— Bragg 104 <\V. Dugan) 3 3 3
Time. 1:5.12-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. C. E. Crow & Co.'s b. m. (5) by Med
dler-Springtime. Three starters.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs: two-year
oMh; Grail'JiAe stakes:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *' t Fin.
l> to 10 — Kurtzmann, 12-1 (Nirol) 3 2 2'41 *i
II to 2— Gold Enamel.118 (Hack) « 7 1Vj2h
10 to 1—I'inkerton.lls (Prior)... I lh 3S
Time, 1:01 2»5. Start eood. Won handily.
Winner, Kred <"ook's ch. c. by The Commoner-
Marlon G. Florentine 115. Dr. Leggo 115.
Anzela 105. Glrdleton 113, Ramshon 10S, fin
ished as named.
Time. :i:o9 3-5. Start Rood. Won easily.
Winner, W. W. Harden & Co.'s b. g. (S) by
I.vijnatiis-I'lantres.«. Golden Link 140. Fallell*
14.1 Montanlc 148. threw riders.
SECOND RACE— Stecplethase; short course:
fcur-year-olds and up: handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
14 to 5 — Leo Planter. 141 (Seaton) 2 2 1 2}j
30 to 1— J. K. Owens. 141 (Johnsn) ."! 1 h 2
CHICAGO, June 13.— Kurtzmann, the
stable companion to the Derby fav
orite, English Lad, won the Graduate
stakes, the feature event of the Har
lem card to-day. Gold Enamel was
second, a head in front of Pinkerton.
The stake had a gross value of $3240.
of which J2790 went to the winner.
Kurtzmann was always favorite, back
ed from 6 to 5 to 9 to 10. Pinkerton
and Kurtzmann ran neck and neck for
half a mile. Schrelber's colt was first
to quit and Kurtzmann went on and
won handily.
Gold Enamel came from nowhere in
the stretch with a desperate rush and
was only beaten half a length at the
wire.. He got up just in time to beat
out Pinkerton by a head for the place.
Out of a field of five in the jumping
race, only two finished, which is tlie
second time this unusual feature has
occurred at this meeting. Leo Planter
and John E. Owens were the only two
to stand up and they finished as
named. Despite his two straight vic
tories, both in easy fashion, Leo
Planter was at long odds of 23 to 5,
backed from 3 to 1. A mild killing
was made on the victory of Sea Voy
age in the opening event. From 7 to 5
to 1 she was played by a wise few
and under an excellent ride by "Big
Bill". Knapp, lasted long enough to
win by half a length after a drive
through the stretch with Luretta. The
track was fast, weather clear and
warm and a large Monday crowd was
in attendance. Seven races were run
to-day for the first time this season.
Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-old maidens; purs*:
Bettinc Hor«<\ Weight. Jockey. St. »« Fin.
5 to 1— Sea Voyage, m (Knapp).. 2 12 1 Vi
8 to 1— Uiretta, 113 (Fischer). .. 3 3 SYj'i V,
11 to 2— Cutter, 105 (Lawrence).. 9 4h 3 2Vi
Time, :54 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Mrs. C. E. Miller's ch. f. by Pirate
of Penzance-Gladness. Green Rose 109. The
Belle 115. Dixie Andrews 97. Peerless Queen
00. Ijou Merrell 103, Gertie Allen 109, Effle M
115, Lolo Mai 100, finished as named.
Gold Enamel Runs a Fine
Race, Heading Off
Pinkerton.
Bernays Shows Great
Speed in First Tryout
at St. Louis.
Every Favorite Is Beaten
at Gravesend and
Plungers Lose.
Six Cracks From the Golden
State Win Medals at Na
* tional Festival in Hoboken
Keliance Club Board Face
a Proposition to Stop
All Public Exhibitions
PROFESSIONAL
FIGHTS DOOMED
CALIFORNIANS
SHOOT IN FORM
KURTZMANN CAPTURES THE GRADUATE
STAKES, THE HARLEM FEATURE EVENT
GREAT BATTLE FOR THE HEAVY-WEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD IS POSTPONED TILL JUNE 30
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE [ 14, 190*
Trainer "Billy" Delaney Communicates With
Manager Coffroth of Yosemite Club, Who De
cides to Put Battle Over Till Last Day of Month
JEFFRIES' KNEE IS STILL WEAK
AND HE ASKS FOR MORE TIME
BAR HARBOR. M«.. June 12.— Funeral
services over the remains of Levl Z. Letter
were held at the Letter cottage to-day. Later
the body was taken to Washington.
Bernard.
Sixth Race — Diamond Plush,
Knight of Pearl, Jerry C.
ACCUSED ' OF ROBBING HOUSES.—
Thomas Nee .was arrested yesterday by De
tectives O'Dea and Mulcahy and his name was
entered on the detinue book at the City Prison.
Nee 18 the third member of a fans of junk
wa^on thieves. Isaac Blackman and son the
others, were arrested two days ago. The thre*
men are accused of robbing a number of houses
In: the .Western Addition, stealing . anything
they could get their hands on. Much of the
stolen property was recovered.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SOSESmsUICEIS JT1I
SHOW A BAD CONDITION OF THE BLOOD ||^ V J|
When the blood is in bad condition a bruise, cut, ttfrV W
scratch, or any slight injury to the flesh, is apt to become wjg^ yjS
an ugly-looking sore or ulcer. Sometimes a boil, blister y^S^^A
or pimple is the beginning of a large eating ulcer or open, sy6SS|s2r^s
discharging sore. Often the blood is naturally bad, and f^l^W^tfl^
is that way from birth, and such people suffer with vari-
ous kinds of sores from infancy through old age. The
blood may become so weak
and waterv from the effects of 1 1 A Jj ol 5 moa . P^* 1 appeared on the calf of my right
ana watery irom me enecxsoi Umb . I used the ¦Txapls home remedies but thi
malarial Sickness, debility or place refaaed to heal. The physician I consulted
someold chronic trouble, that S&^o "SlfftJ'jT liS™ An^.VST'aSJi
the impurities break out in improred rapidly, but an attack of typhoid fevet
had «5nrps on the lower ~*i aettled in the oriffinal sore, causing- a baokset. 1
Daa sores on me lower ex- togu lt » ?aina » iO on s.l was oTer the favor, and
tremitieS or other part of the *u completely and permanently cured,
body. There is always some „ ¦_ 41 _ MRS. K. a. DUiriTr, '
morbid, unhealthy matter in »*~ Castle, Pa, 2" Washington Bt
the blood that keeps the sore discharging, and must be gotten out before il
ii--! f i^ ¦ I will heal. Washes and salves, while cleansing, sooth*
fg^ CC^ iC^ * n £ ant * k e lp* u l' not d° *t> because they do not
\5^^^^^\A^^k reach the poisoned blood; but S. S. S. cleanses and
fc^3m^«^V g»^/ purifies the diseased blood, and when this is accom.
¦ plished tbe place heals. Where the health has been
impaired it restores strength and vigor to the system, improves the appetite
and digestion, and tones up the nerves. Purifying the blood is the surest
way to get rid of an old sore or nicer. Medical advice is free.
' _.. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, G&
AJDVK&TXSEMENTS.
A. B. C. Bohemian ft
u jglrafirY^^B* (Tke ecly betr kettle* exclsstyely at the Brewery) fl
Rm#MMT** Beer ii characterized by a pronounced and A
I JrySp'^ delightful hop aroma not to be found in any JU
¦ fl other brand. This is dae to the use of the |P
%5 finest grade of imported Bohemian H
m% AWZa£«£X?sE9roT3b under Government Certificate, fac- E§
fl m simile of which is shown above. siCourt of Appeals Adjourn.**.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals met yesterday morning and
adjourned until to-morrow without
transacting any business, owing to the
absence of Judge Gilbert, who Is try-
Ing the Spring Valley water case.
Selects the Ocean Beach as the Place
in Which to Lie Down
and Die.
The body of an unidentified man,
poorly dressed, was j found yesterday
morning on the ocean beach near the
life-savins station. A bottle which
had contained carbolic acid and a
tumbler lay by his side. The label
had been scratched off. In the pock
ets of the clothing were found an old
penknife, a bunch of keys and the
menu for June j5 of the I>el Paso sa
loon. The keys were of Corbin make,
two beinitr cabinet or desk keys and
the third a door key. On one of the
small keys was the number 482.266
and on the other the name M. J. Ken
nedy or Kenny. He was about six
feet tall and weighed about 190
pounds. One of the upper teeth on
the right side was capped with gold.
He was about 30 years of age. with
dark hair, light eyebrows.' long nose,
a pointed chin and light blue eyes.
UN1DKNTIFIED MAX
TAKES CARBOLIC ACID
With such frequency did t<V-» and
cth»r portable property disappear from
the cellar cf H. J. Prien's residence,
1253 California street, that the family
at last decided to put a stop to the pU
textas. A contrivance was installed
that rang a bell in Mr. Prien's bedroom
vhen any cce entered either the door
>r the window cf the basement, and
bus guarded the head cf the household
lept soundly while awaiting develop
nests. For a week his slumber was
:n disturbed by the bell, but about >
. clock Sunday .morning its whirr
awakened him. Hastily he betook him
•. the cellar and there caught Edward
Miller, alias Peterson, in the act of
helping himsell to articles overlooked
urirsg his previous visits. The thiof
::.a.nsgfr<i to escape from the basement.
but Mr. Prien pursued and shouted for
1-elp. and near the Fairmont Hotel a
; I'.cerr.an eterped the fugitive. In his
ix<ss«?ss:on were found six skeleton keys
*a-3 other evidence that he was a regu
lar practitioner.
In the court cf Judge Mogan yester
day Miller confessed that he had com
mitted the prior robberies of the Prien
i ellar. T»o weeks ago he stole a lot
¦ f tools and sold them to a Chinese
•link dealer. He^jvas ordered to reap
; ear this morning, when he will be held
:j the Superior Court.
• m *
Charles Burrier notified the police by
•flephcn* Saturday night that Edward
Kf-yt was running amuck with a pistol
at S15 Jessie street and had fired two
I istel shots at him with murderous In-
Ttnt. A cour-le of active ar.d fearless
1 atrolmen hastened cut and arrested
Keyt after ascertaining that there wa^
virtue in Burrier's complaint. When
the case came up in Judge Fritz's court,
however, Burrier declined to testify for
the jrcsecution, and in order to give
him time to change his mind once more
i. continuance for a week was ordered.
Kate Leddy. gray-haired and deeply
v-rinkled. laughed derisively at the
v,itcesses who testified she had been
ciakiny a specialty of window-smash
ing on Howard street, near Sixth.
"You know why I broke your win
dows, don't ycru. eh?" she shouted at
me modest householder who had Just
*aid Ms loss at her hands consisted of
f- ur large panes. "I broke 'em." she
• ontinued. ere he could reply to h^r
«;uery, "b<?cause you have a curtain
house. Oh. you may fool the other
neighbors, but you can't fool me. I
know how you murdered the sunny
southerners from Houston, and how
you g^t away with Mr. Smith.""
As the woman seemed to be demented
Judpe Megan continued the case for
further inquiry.
• • •
.Earl E. Waterman. hou«emover. re-
Fidir.g at 2211 J street, celebrated his
dismissal from the charge of wife-beat-
IeR by getting drunk arid repeating that
offense. His wife had him rearrested
and declares now the will prosecute
him to the bitter end. It was through
her intercession that Zxiize Mogan dis
charged him with a reprimand the last
time he was In court, about two weeks
a-ro. i
• • •
Mrs. Stephen Potter cf 6*2 Second
direct. accr«mpanied by her two yctng
«=>r sisters. last Friday evening visited
ber husband, from whom she is separ
ated, at his apartment !n the Elniore
House. Sixth and Harrison streets, and
remanded that he give her money to
MUTfTt their three-year-old child. The
result of the visit wa* his arrest for
battery, on her complaint, and the
r< suit of the arrest was his dismissal
by Judge Mogan. Mrs. Potter testified
that he assaulted her without provoca
tion. He testified that she was drunk
and disorderly. There was no testi
mony to substantiate her side cf the i
*tory, while his narrative was corrobo
rated by the landlord of the house.
Then the woman accused defendant of J
rains' t<~to friendly with her nineteen- j
: -ar-oM married sister, and the Judge j
suggested ehe might make a separate :
¦~^~ iplaint on that score. She promised
to da so.
Eva Mitt he II. nineteen year^ of age.
an<i residing at "33 Clementina street.
• pined that her arrest for loitering on
E Oh street, near Mission, at Z o'clock
!2«t Sunday raorair.g. was very little
short of an outrage, and she would like
d have Policeman Kruger severely
reprimanded. ,
"Other girls can go around the sa-
loons unmolested." said Miss Mitchell,
'and I'd like to know why I ain't let
alone. That policeman must take me
for a fooL"
"And why shouldn't he?" inquired
Judge Mogan. "What else but a fool
could any sensible man pronounce a
young girl who deliberately places her
self in a position to lose the respect
of good people? What's your occupa
tion?"
"I'm a housemaid." with diminished
defiance.
"Then I suppose you desire to be re
garded as a good girl, and would be
very angry if any one hinted to the
contrary. Now, if you are not a fool,
you must realize that you cannot re
tain the reputation of a good girl, stay-
Ing out late at night and associating
with people who do the same thing.
The policeman arrested you on the
mute that leads to degradation. I'll
continue your case two weeks, and if
you're not a fool you will by that time
have a different idea of what consti
tutes foolishness."
Miss Mitchell left the courtroom un
der escort of her employer, a respect
able-looking matron.
It was Howard Truax's eighteenth
birthday, and with two lads of about
similar age. George Harcourt and
William Patterson, he was celebrating
the occasion by singing with loud voice
in a vacant lot at Twenty-ninth and
Mission streets, the hour being mid
night. The vocalism attracted the at
tention of Patrolmen Gallagher and
Manning on their lonely beat half a
mile away, and when they hastened to
where the singers stood they found the
neighbors rising in indignant protest.
Alter advising Master Truax to cele
brate his nineteenth natal day far
away from the madding crowd, and at
a more seasonable hour, Judge Mogan
dismissed the cases.
Old Man Gunderson of 120 Erie street
had his son Melvin arrested for va
grancy, but Mamma Gunderson and
Miss Gunderson testified that th? de
fendant was the mainstay of the house
hold, while the complainant had not
worked or contributed to the family
maintenance since last September and
was addicted to drink. The charge was
dismissed and the father sharply cen
sured by Judge Mogan.
Robert Powell, a colored trooper from
the Presidio, denied that He had 'used
a bolo in his encounter witii Wlllimn
Turner, a colored civilian, last Satur
day afternoon at the residence of Miss
Helen Morse, a colored laundress, at
23C0 Green street. It was averred, fur
ther, by Private Poweli that in the con
vict kis head had repeatedly been
struck with a metal 'knuckle duster'
wielded by Mr. Turner. "Though." he
added, "de blows didn't faze me."
Mr. Turner's head was neatly en
veloped in bandages, and a surgeon's
certificate stated that it had been deep
ly cut by some sharp instrument that
might have been a bolo.
"Ah knows wot a bolo am," said
Private Powell, "lease Ise bin In de
Phillumpeens an' saw de weppics in de
hans ob de niggahs. But all didn't use
no bolo on dis yah pen'lem'n'a haid.
No, sah; yo' jes' b'lieve dat."
Judge Mogan is weighing the evi
dence.
Albert Rlnaldo cf 514 Green street,
armed with a lorg knife, was chasing
Charles Torre of 1S21 Duoont street
when Officers Davis and Isaacs start
ed to pursue the pursuer. Rinaldo then
ran to his home, and while search
ing for him there the policemen found
Tomaw Maring concealed under a bed
and also arrped with a knife. *Rinaldo
and Manns will be. tried before Judge
Fritx to -morrow.
• • •
James Jaokson (colored) Is accused
by James Brenzinski, a fifteen-year-old
lad. of having stolen a bicycle, and
Judge Mogan will hear testimony in
the case to-day. The defendant ap
peared in a sky-blue sweater and
proudly informed the court that he
owns two other garments of the same
shape and texture, but different hue,
oiiS of them being pink and the other
8<a-green.
Mrs. Rose Hendrix. wife of a China
town watchman, was returning to her
home, 1232 Sacramento street, when
she saw Harry C. House lying drunk
and inanimate alongside the curb.
Near him lay a pocket-book, which she
indiscreetly picked up and was holding
in her hand when Policeman VT. W.
Lambert arrived on the scene and ar
rested her for larceny. She convinced
Judge Cabaciss that it was feminine
curiosity instead of larcenous Intent
that prompted her to pick up the purse,
and he discharged her.
Simply because the landlord of the
Cummins House, €18 Post street, ob
jected *o the boisterous conduct of
Fllmer E. Lansing last Sunday morning
that cerson drew a revolver and fired
two shots, neither of which resulted
in injury to any Qne but himself. He
was arrested for disturbance of* the
peace and will be tried next Thursday
before Judge Mo-ran.
Thomas O. Parry, who resides on
Fifth street, between Mission and
Howard, "was arrested on complaint of
his wife for battery and disturbing
the peace, but when the case was
called by Jud^e Fritz there was no ap
pearance for the prosecution. The
battery charge was dismissed and the
accusation cf peace disturbance will be
tabard next Monday. The arresting po
liceman said Parry had smashed much
household furniture before he smashed
his better ha'f.
Harry- SingT. who. on pretense of
*elline txy>k.«. cttair.ed admittance to
dwellings ar.d stole Jewelry, was held
by Judge Mogan to answer three
charges of burglary to the Superior
Court, with bail ffxed at $5000.
John Clancy, the cocaine fiend who
as found concealed in the home of
the Paulist Fathers at California and
Dupont streets, and who pave a pursu
ing policeman a Ion* and lively race,
was sentenced to three months' Im
prisonment for disturbing the peace.
Father Stark declined to swear to the
complaint of burplary. as it was ap
parent the man was demented at the
time of his escapade.
Judge Fritz prescribed six months In
the County Jail for Alfred McLaujrh
lin. who at the point of a pistol com
manfl?*! Patrolman T. Conlan to throw
up his hands while that officer was
pursuing his duty on the water front.
Instead of obeying 1 the command Ton-
Ian promptly disarmed and arrested
the fellow.
His Repeated Visits and Pilferings From the Cel
lar of a California-Street Residence Leads to
Installment of Signaling/ Device That Wins
BURGLAR ALARM PROVES UNDOING
OF A TOO PERSISTENT MARAUDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL! TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1904.
11
THE GEYSERS
Th* Most Famoni Health aad Pleasure
Be sort In California.
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unsur-
passed and th* waters are acknowledged the
best on the market. Natural miaeral. steam
and Hsirmam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
miceral water. Boating, hunting, fishing,
dar.cin*;. shulfle- board, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine ravilicn built this year.
There will ba a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable in connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, tath houses and grounds &r>
lighted by electricity.
The hottl will be supplied with the best the
market affords. Rates. *10. $12 $14 and tin
per week. Tot further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRT. Prop. The Geyser* .
Sonoma County. California.
AguaCalieinte
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year rrnjr.d; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
Pan. Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
stajrtnr; fare $1 10: sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have flre
different Hot Sulphur Spring* ; tub and plunge
baths and tn» largest mineral water swimming
tank in the Srate. Table and rooms are first
claes. Rates $2 per day. -$12 to $14 per week.
Special ratrs to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11 Montgomery st..
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Airua Cailente
Springs. Soncnia County. California.
We have erected a r>tone building, modern
dlning-rrcm; can «eat 400 guests.-
WHY NOT SPEND YOUP
SUMMER AT JIOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SURF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
OW/J /*/>O HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
UKMULJU COUNTY; only 4H hours
from San Francisco and
mm ~ mmmm "•*******""•******" but 9 miles mging: wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water tath , in State; boating aad
swimming In Warm Spring Creek; good tixut
str«ram#: telephone, telegraph. 1 daily mail.' ex-
press and tSan Fraacljtoj- morning aad evening
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SfcKVICE; both morning and afternoon stages.
round trip from San Francisco only $3 50. Take
Tiburcn ferry daily at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine years. Patronage cf
13G3 unprecedented. Information at Tourist la-
fematica Bureau. II Moatgomery St.. or of
J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs. CaL
MARK WEST
r' K P«p. EB SPRIN6S
MR3. J. D. DP.OST and MRS. H. KOENER
will manage the sprls/irs; many Improvement*:
new cement bathhouse and gas al! over place:
K Cay: $10 and $12 week. Office. 833 Larkln
st., cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs. Santa
Rosa. Rural No. 6.
I: . CAMP CURRY j
ii C<t circulars at al! railroad offices. I
1 1 Advertised by 4CCO guests. i
I YOSEMITE, t
« •
BLUE
Ideal summer resort; homing, boatin*. fish-
ing. Mu3lc every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. WE1SMAN. Mldlake P. O.. Lake Ca. Cal.^
or call on Dr. Happersberpsr. 1104 Market. S. F.
T* \^c TZ-^ *¦ ' '
Hotel EL CARMELO
Pacific Grove. California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts.
The Dlace to icend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing:. Rates
with board $2 SO a day upward, cheaper -than
staying home. Send for illustrated pamphlet.
Address QEO. IL CORDT, Manager.
Owi Sfiuisr Me £ ££S& Cm Meeter
Pure water, equable climate. lots selling $10
up; cottages built by Meeker, $30 up; depot;
stores; restaurant; hotel; post and express?
teiephone; sawmill: 90O lots *cld; 300 cottages
built. Sausallto ferry. N. 8. R. R. M. C.
MEEKEK. Camp Meeker. Soacnsa County.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hospital; best equipped on Coast: mod-
ern improvements; large treatment rooms;
ideal location; 5H acres; one block from street
cars: write for literature. San Jose.^Cal.
VICH/ SPRINCS
Tfcree miles from Ukiah. Meadocino County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting: crystal
(pring- accommodations and table first class.
J. A. RKDEMETER. Proprietor.
5.8. R.R. TOCflLOMA M*ria Ci.
Bertraad Hotel; tint-class accommodations.
special rates for families and Dartiea; fishing,
hunting. bcaUnx. bathiajt: beautiful drive* to
Bear Valley: telephone. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Bulletla Office, every Thursday. 2
to 4 p. m.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN' May 15. Two miles from HopUnd.
Fine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week, j
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health and pleasure
resort is now open for the patronage of the
public Address JOHN JACOBS.
POINT ARENA HOT- SPRINGS.
Open June 1. new hotel: large dining-room.
telephone, hunting, tshlng. rwimmlng. bowl-
Ing, dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau.
CO Montgomery st- DR. W. A. McCORNACK.
proprietor^
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, Cal.
Under new management.- Up to date. Beau-
tiful grounds. Running streaih and pond with
good fishing. Playgrounds tor children. Free
carriage meet* all trains. J. D. CELLA, Mir.
/WHY NOT TRY
hjighlaod
(F YOU ARE GOING TOTHS
Spripgs.
VVS OFFER TOU THE BEST OF MINERAL
" waters, accommodations and - servtce.
I Table unsurpassed. Hoonis hart finished, light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All the popular sports and amusements. Liv-
ery, telephone and postofflce.
Shortest route and cheapest fare to Lake
Ccunty. Mf>*t centrally situated. Delirhtful
excursions on Clear Lake acd to other re'sort*.
Make your reservations now
TERMS— $1C to $17 ZO per week. For Book-
!<•'.. etr.. rail on our s?ent. H. R, DCFFIN.
n-TS Market street, or addre*3 C
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs. Cal.
I Spend* Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs Saa LU £, OI " SI " > -
| The most Ideal resort for pleasure and
health on the Pacifl^ Cuest. B^iy round
trip ticket from Saa Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs, Sr.n Luis
Obispo. Cal., and return. Including stage
to and from eprinzs and one week's
board for fltO.OO to *»«Ki.tM>. accordiag
J. to location of rooms, or board and accom-
/ rr.odatlorw *O.<M» tn *12.O«> p^r week.
i Scer.le surrour.dlnrs. free bathlcg.
j beating an<l fishing on grounds. • Fin?
fhaiiy wafk*. tenul? acd cro<juet irrounds,
tfance pavilion for (ruests. Fine aea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Sprints.
Cottaseg and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table Is w»II supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis OM«po at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday>.
This Is no hospital or saaatck^um.
fTJIgrH9TEL
\G(i%P**&ir S!tsat«d In Vendome Park
Jg'33fcC\f of 12 acres, a charn-.lnn
suTr.mfr rewrt; bcth c:ty
and country advantages:
aatoosoblle garage on the grounds
free to gue*ts. Bathing pavillcn.
.bowling alleys, tennis, etc New auto
road map cf the county mailed on
application. i
J. T. BROOKS. Manager.
PARAISO SPRINGS
Slonterej Conntj, Cal.
The mo*t popular sanitary and health
resort la California. Completely renovated
and Improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valiey sczn-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur baths, large
swimming tank and excellent table. Writs
for booklet aad particulars to F. W.
SCHKOEDER. Manaser. or PECK'S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU, 11 Montgomery st.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
?'IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND — Saatsr Cruz County.
REGULAR SEASON.
' Opened May 15 under entirely new man-
agement. Round trip trlckeu from San Fran-
cisco $-1 For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery «.. S. F.. or to WILLIAM O.
DODGE. Lessee.
Harbin Springs
Me-t desfratle In Lake Co.: contains sulphur.
j iron, magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cares of
j rheumatism, catarrh, kidney. liver arid stotn^c^
j troubles; new -jymna*ium. bowlinifalley, hand-
! ball court and billiard-room. Acetylene gas
I plant, livery, home dairy, fine vegetable garden.
I Rcund trip tickets. S. P. office. $7. J. A.
HATS, Proprietor.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
B«swick, SUklyou County. California.
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different 'mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau. 11 Moatgomery st.. or at J.
MARTENS. -Bachelor P. O-. Lake Co.. CaL
.... — _,_ Menlo Park, one hoar from
1 1 II IT T JO city. Nine trains dally. p«r-
Hlli 1 I \ tect climate; beautiful place;
IIUII I V comfort and quiet r excellent
-\ table. - . .
Address W.i. MEREDITH. Mgr.. Holtt's School.
- SOLID COMFORT HOME
-Extensively Improved: 130O feet altitude; no
fog; climate delightful: large orchard: vegetable
garden; hot. cold baths: spring water; cement
swimming tank. 44x30. Rates $3 week up; stage
meets train. Schuler h. Scfceben. N^pa. CaL
* JOHANNISBERC.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
ing; $10 and $1C per week, THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURG JR.. Prop.. Oakvil'e. Napa Co., or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery at.
RPVnCHFtM UeUa-htfally sltnated In the
DtKUJlicl.Tl santa Cruz Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $8 per week. Fcr particulars address O
F. BIEDENWEO, R. D. 151. Santa Cma. CaL*
W£%$i!M& TENTS
fi^j^JV^jagl Awnlags, Hammocks,
yiYrwr* y^ 'ticJ Bag's
¦rmnr-siiiiiiiSl vr. a. pz.xracau:B.
- - TeL Main 5«. Ill CUy st.
Bathing Suits
20 Post Street
[GRAND OPENING
and Dedication of the Exten-
sive Beach Improvements at
i- i — ¦
' Saturday Ev'ng, June 1 1
Grand Fireworks Display by California
Fireworks Co. Brilliant Electrical K!a-
minations of Pacific Ave. aad Esplanade.
: Neptune Casino.. Plunge Baths and Pleas-
ure Pier. Third Artillery Baad. U. S. A..
Concert and Ball.
Special Excursions via S. P. Ry
CAZADERO
Tne Cr«sx of All Kortaexs Betreats.
Grcve, Forest. Olade aad Dell.
Crest, Canyon,' Hill and Dais.
Knell, Knob, Peak and Mountain.
The home g.' the trout and the haant of th»
deer. Heacr^-i over tte North Shore Ry.. via
I Eausalito Ferry.
A year ago I leased tnls resort lor a num-
! ber of years. To-day I have the plea-rare to
i tell you that, owir.g to last season's big and
j unprecedented partonase. I have piychaaed this
: magnificent domain of over 12CO acres. A thcr-
¦ oujja renovation has been made of all the prop-
J ertles. • insuring the best cf service aad ac-
i commodatloc. In the matter of recreation
i a new building containing a bowling alley has
been added also a new tennis court, aad boat-
ing and bathing on the river, al! fre-e to gue»t«.
Free camping grounds In the Caiaiero giant
redwoods froo May until October, but aanl-
I tary puiea must b« complied with.
Lots, one-quarter acre for sale from 51CO
up. and cwtages built to *uit at city figure*.
Take BasjsiaUta Ferry via Nonh Shore Rail-
) road. Round trip good fcr six months, $3 73.
j Round trip. Friday til! Hcn<"ar. J3; no stag-
! Ing; depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cct-
I tages. J2 per day: $10 to 914 per week: special
I rate by the month.
For particulars other thaa herein given write
I J. J THIRION. ow»r and manager. Hotel det
¦ Caaadero Scn<-ma Co.. Cal. cr North Shore
1 R. R. office. <Stf Marke: st., Saa Francisco.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Every one knows that ;Adarn« water cures
stomaca. liver and kidney diseases.
WHI EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write to W. R. PRA-
THER.
LYTTON SPRINGS
N*w management; no staging: depot en
grounds: phone: fare $2 40: Tiburon ferry:
rates $10 to S13 week: table first claas; our
own dairy: hot mineral baths: ewtmmmg tank;
livery; billiards; croquet. Bocklet Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery st.. or BARKER &
ROSS. Lytton Ss rings. Sonoma Ccunty, Cal.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively Imrrov<4 since last season.
Opened April 1. THOS. L. BELL. Mgr.. Felton.
CaL Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
foot of Market street. Round trip. $XCO.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving S. F.
! at 8:06 p. m. Returning, connects at Trockee
I with train reaching S. F. at ~:50 a. m.
TAHOE TAVXZtH — Situated on the
shores cf Lake Tahoe, tne largest and most
beaatl.'ut body of water tn the world at this
elevation. Is now open for the accommodation
of guests. Th? tavern will be conducted this
season by Mr. F. W. Richardson, manager of
California's fanious mlsatca hotel. The Gien-
wood. Riverside, which is sufficient guarantee
that It will be strictly firrt clsss. The table
will be supplied with all delicacies of the sea-
son, while fishermen will be constantly em-
ployed to fumi.-h lake trout. For rates adiress
F. W. RICHARDSON.
THE TALLAC SiS E
Now open. The Summer Resort cf America.
European plan only. Cafe first class. Prices rea-
sonable Resident physician. No eensomptivea.
Tamphlets at S. P. office, «513 Market street.
Address M. LA WHENCE & CO., Taliac. CaL
Lake Tahoe.
OPENS JTJITE ltt.
•Write FRANK B. ALVERSON. Mgr..
Broekway. CaL
BTJBXCOH PAXI — A delightful resort
oi shore* of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beach
fcr bathing on the lake. Flae fly fishing and
hunting la season. Boats, Cshiag tackle aad
horses at moderate hire. Rates 12 a day or
from $10 to $16 per week. P. O. aad telephone.
A. L- FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cat
LAZ£ TAHOE.
LAKESIDE PARK. O?«n May L Hotel,
cottages aad tents. Popular family resort. De-
UshtfcH camping grounds Bear ••.¦ant: I«od-
tag. Furnished teats to rent. Booklets. Trav-
el'rs* Bureau. "'> Moatgomery st-. or of E. B.
Smith A Co.. Statelin- P. O.. CaL
\ "THE QTLQYZ."
Lake Tahoe half a mile east of Taliac. oa
Iah-» sbcre: rates (2.UO a day: IIOjOO a week:
meals SOc Good saddle horses and the best
of livery. Boats free to all guests. J. EL
PARMETER. proprietor. Taliae. CaL
LAKE SHOSE HOTJSX— Glenbrook.
Nev. Cottages to rent $5 up. lst-class board, tail!
and crjara. fresh vegetables. D. COCTLLARI>.
riCCD DIDl" I VV >nd cottages; 8 miles from
UttK rAKJV hlil Lake Tahoe; open June 1:
elevation CZ>>~ feet: mineral Booklet
Travelers* Office. 3O Montgomery st.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
whitset house.
Trnckee. Cal. The leaoing "noteL Headqaar-
j ter« for tourists and commercial men. Summer
¦ and winter revert. M ¦ il station for pas»a-
I gers. Stage fcr Lakes Independence and Wet>-
ber, Camobell Hot gprtngs and SterravUl*.
STEWART llcKAT, prawietof. •
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
~ Fishing: boats; excellent lab!*; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Trsckee. in an unbroken
forest. For Information Inquire at Traveler
office, SO Montgomery st_. Peck's laformatioa
Bureau, or Mrs. II. M. demons. Trucks*. Cal.
T r RIIC*t*kFP xryxa
1 KUWIXCC COCVTBT C1TJB.
SCMUER RESORT. ferORTSMEX-S LODG"^
Fourth season. S'.erra attractions. California's
largest rainbow hatchery. Finest fishing. G.
H. FOULKS. Verdi. NeT.. or . Nevada. w~-w
Ean Francisco. ,
CAUFBEUi SOT STBZSaS.
In Sierra Nevada Mountains. Si-rra Cotraty.
50CO fe«t elevation. Are beantlfBlly located
at the htad of the great glerra valley. 30
miles long by 5 miles wide, surrounding which
Is the grent primeval forest <*f pine and Br. A
specialty is made of the tab!*. The hot springs
are ira«;ualed fcr the cure of rheumatism,
gcut, liver and kidney cociplatnts and all blood
and skin, disease*. Rates for room and board.
$11 to $12 per week. Ronad trtn from San
Francisco to springs via Boca. $14 SO. Stage
daily except Sunday, connecting with * p. m.
train from San Francisco.
Tuscan
Mineral Springs.
OPEN ETEBT SAT Z3T THE TEAS.
TO WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: A year ani
thre« months ago I «u attacked with that
terrible disease, locomotor ataxla. Power t<»
balance, stand 1 , cr even sit down, entirely lost.
Two be»t doctors of Saa Fraactaco aad Hot
Sprtr-gs, Ark., failed ta help me. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to wcrk. I had
catarrh cf stomach head aad bladder aa a re-
sult of the disease; these troubles) b^casia
chronic At ti.-r.ea my heart would beat ilk* *
tfrum. my eyes gr«w weak, my memory bad.
my nerves wrecked, Thre« months ago I w#nt
to Tuscan Springs. What happened siac« was
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank th* water*,
took the baths — after three weeks* treatment
atomach. bowels, blad.ier aad kidaeys la per-
fect con<lition. eyeaight perfect, nervousness
gone, memory good. After three eipaths" treat-
ment, walksd without a care, witi eyes closed
and cp and dowa st?ep hills: aa cured of this
dread disease, now walk with slight limp.
Have run stores ia seventeen towns of th»
State of Callicraia: am well known i-t down-
town districts of Saa Fraacisco: inquiry there
will prove truth of my he!pl»ss condition thre*
irontha ago. Further information, address
LOUIS JACOBS 6 Stockton St.. Saa Francisco.
Cal.
We have hundreds of teatimosials frota
others. Send 50c tn rtasps for bottle of
stomach acd catarrh Salts. Round- trip ticktta
at r-duced rates. Southern PaciS&
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP.,
Tuscan, Call.
VACATION 1904
IS HOW READY FOR DISTBIBUTIOI ;
"VACATION" is issued an-
nually by the
California Northwestern R'y
THX PICTC2SSQTTX S07TS OT CALZTCOUrU.
£ and Is th? standard puliUcatlon
on the Pacific Coast for lnforaa>
tion regarding;
mineral spring resorts.
cou\try homes and farms
Where summer boarders
are taken, and select camp-
ING SPOTS.
This rear's edition. "Vacation
1904."* contains over 150 pases,
beautifully illustrated, and is
complete tn its detailed informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc.. wiitx
terms from $7.00 per week up.
To to* had at Tlek-t Of2ees. 650 Market
Street 'Chrcnic'e BuHdlns;), asd TJSuron Ferrr.
foot of Market Street; Geacra! OfSc*. Mutual
Life Building, corner ot Saaaoas aad CaU:ar=. i
Streets. Saa Francisco; ta Oaitimr.d at •.' i
Broadway.
Applications by Mail VQ XeceiYa t=a-
oedtat« Xerpcas*.
JAS L. FRAZIER, Gen'l \£ana*r«r.
R. X. RYAN. Gen'l Pass'r Agent.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated en Clear Lake. Hustias;. Caaias.
boating. launch, horses, tecala. croquet, dark*
roots, wara soda s^yser la bataaoca*. clab-
kc-iie. etc. Increased acccaiaoiatioaa. modera
conveaiencea. Scenery unsurpassed Tabla a.
specialty. Rates per week. J10 to $13. Paotoi
and infonaaUca at Cfcat2e!d A Vlas«at's. 22M
Moatgomery st- or LETS D. CRA1O. Mar.«««r.
Soda Bay. KelseyTills P. a. Lake C# . Ca^
LAZE COUNTY
New. comfortable carrias^a direct to fa*
niost picturesqua portioo of CaUfaraia. Best
equipped stae? ltae ia tae State. Learcs Calis-
tcga daily (Stxadays excepted) at 11:30 a. fit.,
j filrect to Hartta. Seigkr. A li^r.s. Howard. Aa-
' dersoo. Hobergs. Spiera. Ait-rarj ar.4 Glea-
| brook; fcalf hour for loach at Calistotra: also ta
' Middletown Lower Lake. KelseyvUI* aad
Lakcport. Li-rery ia conaectloa.
WM. SPIERS. FT'ipfitar.
LAKEPORT ANT> BARTLETT SPHOiOS
STAGS LLVB — Hoolaad to Bartlett 8prta»s.
I via, Lakepcru carryiag i»»sea«ers fsr Lake^ort
and Baniett Spriaxs- Stage* ccnaect with
trains at HoDlaad. Leave Hcplaad at 13:*iv;
arriTa at Lakex>ort at 3:30: arrtva at Bart 1st i
Spriags at 7:30. New 6- corse 14-oaasess?r
tourist wagons, wita all ta« most modem im-
provements. Pas«eng«rs for Lakepcrt cr Bart-
l*tt Springs, call for tickets by Bart:«tt Spr:n«i
Stage Line. Tickets caa be purchased at o£sc«
of California N. W. Ry.. OO Markst *t_. oe
at Tiburon ferry.
MILLER * HOWARD. Prop*.
WH-1TH STTIJSTB SPBI3TGS, Vall«"o,
CaL — Melt acce«si£sie srri=*s to 5*a Fraactsca;
rcund tria SI. otf~stag* fare; ooiy 2H bouts"
rtde: ft miles firm Vallejo; hot. eoli and
plunge sulptur baits; woadirful cure* of rheu-
matism. neura!«ia. ecaensa. kidney. Ut»t aaj
storcach diseases. Beautiful ground* and lak*
for boatiajc aad batnlag. Dancing paTilloa.
New bowltax alter aad ahnfSa beard. RsHs^
S10 a week, tacjudlar batbs. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vai>Jo, yCal.
iiauarifs paxz, o«*z-a«nnn«.
A resort for y-rsr fanSy. Partly " roralahM
cottages, |U per meats and up. Tents aaj
platf eras. Near ' Russtaa River. Beard aa-4
room at n 00 per vtwk. Se* PECK 3. a
Moatgotaery st.
WOUsrrAis ttbw xiscz kotss
* ' in : recta e-s. ia the cuxzntalns. near San;«
Cms. First-clasB tabl* and aseoxa.. g-n. bat&».
phece daily mail, bowllcg. croquet. iauj«-
evils: terms. O wpl Campers to Glenwood. Inc.
earr 4 .**-. $3 7i round trip. KKEUERICXSEN*
A SCTTON. sag's to F. R.'DX.*yN'. Santa Cnn.
OCCXDSaTTAJk. HOTEI. ZITWUUJS,
rtrst-class resort; teaais. croquet. bow:.a«.
amusement ball. etc. Special rates to fanl'.l**.
Term* reasooabl*. A. OAUDARO. Prop.. pttCsM
Black ItL ¦ •
WALL SPBiarGS — On GuernevlU^
branch Cat. N. V. . R. R . Soaotna Co.: phone:
pavlllos: bos meet* morning trais: hot sulphur
bath*: clrenlara. MRS. C. N. MEREDITH.
Prop.. Hea!d«burg. R. *>. 1-
szewoos vn.t.A bzsoxt.
excellent beard, hem* cookirg: tent groua-i.
If l*<T"i with beard. *¦". Room a;: -'¦ board li
to 110. Bc»t hnntl^s and fishing. MR3. A. L.
ACKERMA.V. La Hocda. San Matw Coaaty.
•W ILLOWr RANCH. d«li«.-JtruIly located «i
" " redwocda 5 miles from Santa Crux. Syria j
water, fruit, milk, excellent table: dally mali;
fre« ccmreyaace: $7 we*lt; phone aub-irtjaa ST.
MKS. W. CKANDELL. Santa Crux. CaL
SCSAXTES'S OSCf E — E0S3 VAIvLXY.
Private boardim: l»»n!s reasoaibte. T-* j
taeets San jay morning tralaa. Adores* MR*
MATT UN PSA T. Tic** Statioa.
aUrVTCK-SCDE SOT£I> and COTTAGES
X-jr beach: 30 acres beautiful groiusds: •po-
rtal rates ta famines; writ* for booklet V.
B ARSON. Proprietor. Saata Crux.
BELLE V US H0TEX>. El V*nao. So«
noma Co>. Cal Terai* $1 day aad aa» . hot
miaeral springs ne«r by. Long tflstaac* tei*.
pboo«: daily mai" JOHN SERRILS. ProprUtor.
DE LA ROZ-\ resort. SatfSa Crua Mauatalss;
eottaxes aad teats far lU^t housekeeping oi
eampiag A. J GIBBS. Mgr.. Gtbaa. Cal
A WEEK'S a*w j far 5 centJ^ — The We*Xty CaJT,
18 pages. *n wrapper, for ma!lrff«. H pK y«*r.
THERE IS ONLY ONE -
BABTLETT
SPDING.
To say a water Is as good as Bart-
lett Is to acknowledge the superior-
Sty of Bartlett water.
If you would enjoy the full benefit
of the water, go to Bartlett and drink
- at the fountain head; breathe the
pure mountain air, ride, drive, dance,
swim, bathe in the soda-magnesia
water, patronize the bowling alley
and 8h«ffle-board. play croquet, tennis
and ping pong. Listen to the music
and enjoy yourself playing cards on
the shady porch In tie afternoons,
and you will go h»me renewed in
strength and happiness.
Send for booklet, and write J. E. Mc-
MAHAN*. Manager, Bartlett Springs,
CaL, or call at city office. 2 Sutter st,
San Francisco.
Don't worry about the
youngsters this summer.
Pack up and go to
AETNA SPRINGS,
There they can romp all
day and sunset will find
them ready for bed. Just
send for booklet. Aetna
Springs Co., Napa Co.,
Cal.
Santa Catalina Island
S'~i Hours From Los Acgelss. Season 19O4.
Oar Famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain cat. sallir.r, bathing,
gel', tennis and the finest ft-Mr.s on the
coast. . —
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds ot furnished tects at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metropoie.
Uodera :n all rartleulars.
- For further information address
PECKS INFORMATION" BCTIEAC. 11
Montgomery st.. cr BANNTXO CO.. 222 S.
S-pr1x.« f t.. Lea Anreles.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL'S
MIN'ERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN" ELLEN".
the best campiny. picnic and pleasure re-
Fcrt on the coast. The irreatest remedy for
lues disease, liver and stomach complaints.
rheumatism and catarrh ia the world: 46
rai>s from S. F. The S. P. R, R. and S. F.
4 X. P. R. R. give special rates to camper*;
riO coctagea and tents furnished; r?nt cheap:
no fo?s nor poison oak a* the park; mineral
water, boats, bathicc and fUhin? free. Meals
s*rv».l at Hotel Rlvemide at reasonable rate*.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONSELL office
1C21U- Market ct.. bet. Sixth and Seventh, ?ia
FrancUco.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America,.
THE ROBSON ORCHESTRA COMPANY
ar.U DR. MONROE CALLENDER Trill furnUn
the best mufic ever play«>d at any resort la
th« State. Boating, rwimmlng, marine tobog-
tan. mineral springs, new livery. EDGAR
DURNAN*. owner and proprietor. Laurel Dell
P. O.. Lake County, Cal.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under cmnraj en the Russian River
below Guercevllle In a irrove a mile and a half
loins, •ki.iing the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; wUl build a £aai tn the 'river; 4 miles
of »mcoin water for boatlnc and bathing.
Adulta $2 per day. $10 per * we«k; children
under 10 half ratea. SDecLal rat«s for fam-
lUea. Opens May 1. Address MR3. U C. CN*O-
PICS, Camp Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma. County , CaL
rill n ft ~11 Hot Spr 111 *? 8 ': on line Scnth.
I I V I 1 I 1 Rl em {>a^ ft '-: -y> hours from
K I K S I 18 Ean f raacisco. 3 trains
i I 1 I I I I II dally; »««artou3 mineral
U I HUM and * sn(} taths: hotel
unique in cuisine service
• rd appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bureau, 61S Market st.. Peck's Bureau 11
Montgomery «.. or H. R. WAH.VER, Byroa
Hot Springs. Cal
White Sulphur Springs
tanta Rosa, Cal.
A quiet and refined family reaort la a excluded
spot two and a half miles from the CUy ot
Kosea: beautiful grounds; mountain climbing
and driving: ail kinds of amusements: water
and bath unexcelled as tonic and restorative:
2"-i hours' ride from San Francisco via Tlburon
ferry: bum m<?ets trains: "W l>er week and up;
¦end for bocklet: telephone White Sulphur.
P. O. box 155.
H. A. P. FLEMING. Proprietor.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cruz Mountain*.
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau.
II Montgomery, or S. P. Cc, 613 Marker. B.
DICKINSON. Prop.. B«a Lomond. Ca!. •
LA HONDA AND PBSCADERO
Buy your raf'roa4 ticket to Ri»dwo©4 City; 8
a. m. train. 3d and Towosend. and 9:20 a. m.
train from San Jose connect with stages direct
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City!
Cal. -
**¦ 'I I ! ' ' ' I ¦* f f^^^^^* >^*^^sT^^^*""^***lst§yJ''^^»^^g**'^ J^sffr^^^J^^W I -^fcj*y'<>*f's^ls^s^s^**s^**»»*******^^^^^Mi****^ l^^i) I il\^*\l!iltli "1 ' S^^
ADVEBTISEHZ2STS.
If you neglect the stomach andj
bowels you are going to suffer ;
from Nausea, Sick Headache, j
Sleeplessness, Constipation, Dys- j
pepsia and Indigestion. The Bit- j
ters will strengthen the stomach, i
keep the bowels open and pre- !
vest these ailments. Try a bottle.
l.jL©^gwW®^
POCO a KORONA CAMERAS
• -;.-(. -at £-4 Camera.". TELCPHuTO
P«K.O. b 5x7. Ustfd $42. now
«2*.O«»; POCKET POOO *4£x«li.
listed «:«. now •MtjUO. KORONA No
:;. «xS. ii*r«*l tH, now C14JUO. Jtli
time Camera-. - - x - ; : Prtite « :,.1
Pocket Poro, birt Carrjin* Case and
pu:« Ho!6(t. Rtrr »;ow. Mail or-
ticx* prosaptly a 1 !**.
SOTTSET BAZAAR.
42 Third £ur*i. Saa Pranc.«co.
II MERCHANT TAILORS. \
* 622 Market Street.
> Up Stairs. Opp. P«Iace HoteL
I SAN FRANqsCO.
\l fteveltiet in Imported Wear. !¦THE i SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE U, ; ; 1904
12
IIP SIX ESS CHA1VCKS— - Cowtlnned.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy »t.. corner Market and Powell.
Headquarters for ail kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well-furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's rlda from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fithing; all modern conveniences; new. , one
year; price $2200 complete. CAMERON *
CO.. 3 Eddy at.
FOR sale— Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap r«>nt; 6Vfc years' lease:
one of the best transfer corners In city; do-
Ing fine business; oth^r Interests cause eale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO., S Eddy.
FOR sale or trade— Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to 470 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. 1 Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $»o to $1CO per month; price $51)0; |
must sell on account of other business. CAM- 1
__ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st^
FOR sale^— Carriage and wagon factory end
general jobbing; established 27|years; well
1 located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
. rail Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO., 8 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real .estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON _ CO.. S Eddy st.
Brokers and promoters who are able to control
or Influence placing of orders for manufacture
of bonds & stock certificates can form a
profitable and pleasant connection with large
Eastern house engaged in manufacture of,
these and other similar forms & doing large
business in bank note engraving and lith-
ography, address box 2SM. , Call office.
WANTED— A partner with about $400 in a
business that will pay big every month, in
raising an article that Is in demand in al-
most every restaurant. Particulars, box
2528. Call office^
A NICELY located restaurant for sale, situ-
ated among large lodging houses. I am com-
pelled to leave the State or would not think
of selling. Box 754, Call otflce.
I AM .anxious to get into the grocery business
in San Francisco. If you have one for sale
please address with full particulars, price,
etc., box 811, Call office.
BAKERY in Oakland doing $70 cash business
per day; $1600; part cash and will take bal-
ance out In trade. Address box 1210. Call
office, Oakland.
FOR nale — The Union Hotel: manufacturing
town. Benlcla. Cal.
BAKERY: all store trade; $35 daily; first-class
place; $2000. 721 Polk St.
FOR sale — A restaurant In Napa, doing a fine
business. Box 2563, Call office.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar in Hayes Valley.
Bor particulars, box S38, Call office.
DENTIST with references can secure furnished
offices with physician. Rm. 318, 927 Market.
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
thla efflce. ¦
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES KOIl SALE.
A. CAMERON & OX Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
65 rooms; best downtown < .jnmerclal house
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trsde for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70: fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms; cheap rent: long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to $000 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition:
good lease.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished: grand entrance:
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $5OO
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
5450.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; ffr.»
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-class condition; good furniture and' car-
pets; clearing now $2OO per month; If run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is bent proposition in city; price $3200.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
108 rooms; cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction if desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house: other-busi-
ness Interests demand Immediate departure.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to $1500.
25 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85: oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per roAm: new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy St.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3C07.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
JUNE SNAP— 17 rooms; cost $2900 2 years
ago; swell corner north of Market: large
rooms, splendidly furnished: rent $75; full
of roomers; price $1700; half cash. ' ' ¦¦
¦ ' MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH CLASS and very beautifully furnished;
85 rooms; electric elevator; electric lights;
rent $451; lease for 9 years and 9 months;
building NEW AND MODERN: exclusively
with MARION GRIFFIN.
NK. CORNER house of 16 rooms, north ,ot
Market; all rented: but .2 occupied by land-
lady; rent only $32; clears monthly $50;
price $400; half cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
ANOTHER CORNER of 32 rooms, i blocks of
Market; rent $100; lease; 3 floors; clears $91;
price $1400; will be worth $3000 before close
of St. Louis World's Fair.
¦ ¦ ' MARION GRIFFIN.
SWELL, respectable house, most beautifully
furnished; extra fine hair mattresses; new
and modern building on sunny corner: 24
rooms; when you see It you'll buy It of
MARION GRIFFIN. >
MILITARY PRECISION Is noticeable In clean-
liness of this 34-room hquse; average month-
ly profit $212 50; 111 health Impels owner to
sacrifice; price put down to $2000.
.. , MARION GRIFFIN.
HONEST. • respectable 23-room house » full : of
nice roomers, who take care of their own
rooms; corner house; extra sunny; price
$1500; part cash; rent $35.
MARION qRIFFIN.
HALF-PRICE; worth $1000; will take $500;
; 11 sunny rooms, nicely furnished in oak and
1 cherry; full of men roomers; north of Mar-
1 ket; rent $55; Income $90. •:¦¦
• . . ..MARION, GRIFFIN.
SPLENDID 40-rootn house on Sutter st.. In the
best possible condition; full of the most de-
sirable people; profit $150 monthly: low rent;
low price; long lease. MARION. GRIFFIN.
FINE CHANCE to get the best 100- room new
and modern house In this city; fine location;
very fine furnishings; it is thoroughly first
class. ¦¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
FOR sale — Lodging-house; 23 rooms; good
business. 462 Twelfth St.. Oakland. Cal.; no
agents. ¦ .
FOR sale— Lodgln% bouse;, 231 'Third et.; 20
rooms; owner sick; price $950; rent $75.
JOHN D. SPKECK12LS._. . .Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN? McyA-GHT; \ .'i ; . ?TlM-nager
\V. J. MAHTIN BuBlnesj^JManjiger
TUX DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Ofllre it You Mls«
Your Paper.
Xf for axx7 ccttie THE CA_C 1« not 4e-
tirered rejpHarly to «n.D«criber« pleaae
call up "CA__ EXCHAHOE" ¦-* notlly
Subscription Clerk la charge. Tour com-
plaint will reeelre prora.pt attention.
_ standisjr reward of Ten Dollar*
<810.00) Is offered for tae arrert and
conviction of any one caa*nt •tealinr
*_E CAX.X..
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The OP* 1 *"' 0 "
nect You With the Department \o* wish.
Publication Of flee.... Market and Third. 6. T-
Editorial Room* 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
De'.lverea by Carriers. 20 CU. Per **««. It
CU. Per Month. Single Copies 5 CU
Terms by Mail Including Postage tCaeh v*itn
Orderj : » „
DAILY CALL (indud. Sunday), 1 year...*8-«>
DAILY CALL onclud. Sunday), C moi....«.w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <{>-
FUNDAY CALL. 1 Year *•**{
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year A'"V""f,.™
1 Da'Iv $S SO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN t SOTday' 4.15 P«r Year Eitra
POSTAGE. ] weekly 1 00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMAPTEUS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall rubceribers in ordering change of ad-
Irees ehould be particular to give both r^t-vv
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
rrc-mpt and correct compliance with their re-
Qttect,
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY~OFFICE:
214S Center fctree'. Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WaldorJ-Artorta Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
mtm Hctel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House- P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
llcul; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXK^-.Marquette Building
{Long Distance Telephone. ••Central 2C19.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
. DOS Market btreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 i>. ra.
527 Monuromery street, corner Clay; open
until 9_y p. m.
ZW Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
tt» McAllifter street: open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkin street; open until 9:.1O p. m.
J!»4I Mission street; oj*n until 10 p. m.
21'<'.l Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
ur.til 9 r. m.
liw Eleventli street; or*n until 9 p. m.
1<"9»5 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
Sopen until a v. ra.
N'crth»e>t <orncr of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky »treetis: or*n until 9 p. m.
22fW Flllmore str»>et; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL subscribers contemplating' a
chang-e of residence during 1 the summer
month* can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify-
ing THE CALL Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts, ana Is represented by a local
agent ia. all towns on the coast.
MKETI.\« XOT1CES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5 R. A. M., m
will nw*t THIS (TUESDAY) CTEX-W
I.VG. Jun» I*, at 7:3'» o'clock. R A. /^A
tlusrree. By ( r>1er of the H. P
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE LoJire No. 30, F. and «
A. M. — Called meeting THIS (TUES-VY
DAY) EVENING ac 7;30 o'clock. /^/\
First degree. By order of W. M
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. M4. F. and A. m
M.— First Ogree THIS (TUESDAY) %A/
EVEXVeO at 7:3w o'clock. ¦
A. S. HUBUARD. Secretary. 7<- - "
.ALTAHMOS Tribe No. 87. Improved —^-^^
-'! M.— Officer* ar..J m.ra*.<>r-
will assemble at 70 Stanley plat-e <3_S£r
to attend funeral cf our late brother. JOSEPH*
tt'. WHARTON. TO-DAY (TUESDAY) at
U a. m. H. L. LA«:OSTE. Sachem.
J. II. HUTAFF. Chief of Record.
UNITED Artis_is" Assembly ' J^-—_* 4
No. 200. meets In Red Men's /^7\^wi
Hall. ."220 Post St., EVERY Aff /\1_-
TUESDAY at 8 p. m. Arti- "V /F > M\
¦ fans, please attend. MRS. n* _____»
JENNIE McE. GAL- YC/ii i /* \f
BREATH. As«i*tar.t Grand VV" i C M
Master. -C^t^.- 1
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that lc
a derlfed improvement on building and loan
is worth having, 'jreat Western Improve-
meet Company. Parrott building.
AGENTS wanted; can make %i to $« per day
Call at 12 or after € p. m.. 609 Mason St.1
email security required.
ATTORXEVS-AT-LAw!
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small f ««. j
See — • «rd cave money: no pay in advance. I
a. W. HOWE. ATTOR.VEY-AT-LAW. I
Established 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 6. 1st. fl., '
1122 Market rt.. between Mason and Taylor
A a vice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KTNO, Attc— Kj-at-L-w, Exam. bldg..
Oih floor; entrance room <51l; established IS
r.ears; all cases. frer.»ral court and office prac-
tice: no fee in advance or for consultation-
_ evenings by appolntratnt. Tel. P.ed 3601.
PENSION atty.-M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis st. 7s
yrr. practice : refs. from many thousands of
scidlert. ealio— . widows and orphans on Pa-
clSc Coafct for whom I have secured pensions.
AA— DIVORCE— Costs $12; quick; Quiet; advice
free: no charge unless successful.
759 Market et.. room 4.. bet. 3d and 4th.
DI ™ Rc r?-r Co « t J ! - ««: «"!<*. quiet; advice
free.; all law business; no charge unless «uc-
cegsful; open eveniegs. 327 Market, room 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity; advice
free; costs 112. Ad. B.A.8.. P.O. box 2199. 8. F*
AIiVICE free: divorce costs $12: no fees or
costs in sdvacce; all law business; office
orec Saturday evcnlr^s. fiia Market et., r. 33.
**>._ PK -. "2 Mirket Bt : cont__Uon
free; no fees In advsnee: open evenings.
A~TOlgQBrX.ES.
_UTOMOBILES-Llvery. garage and .al^I I
room*: automobiles of every description '
tcught.and sold; win buy or .dl second-
har.a Qachir.e*. See us before you do any-
thing with your machine. Phone South 7<T
r-artflc States Automobile Co.. 217 Ellis atl
-•ANTED— To bay an automobile In first-class
OLDSMOBILK for sale: fcaoT in flrst-daes
running order. Box TSQ. Call office. '
ASTHMA EEMEDY.
A Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves Instant!
.'/: IQo. _c. :*)c. lOJk Market. St. Nicholas.
uouiunc vonT^cniVDnExi ~
LAST will board and care for two boys under
II; 1 block rrom ocean beach: reasonable
Kox 2150. C— 1 otflce.
GOOD home *n<l training for small children-
rr^fonnble. 2<CS Buena Vista nt, Alameda.
COT1MGES TO LET.
$17— 5-ROOM cottage en Cottage row. near
Wcbrter. bet. Sutter acd Bush. Inquire 7.
CURES SITFTURS.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holler. $10;. no
dlcccmXort. l~'Jii Market St.; send tor circular. '
LOnr.lXG HOUSES. FOR SAT,~ Con.
THIRTY rooms, nicely • furnished, lease... $3500
26 rcora*. all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country transient.. 6000
31 rooms, rent only $55.. : 1500
40 rooms, rent $70, transient. 1500
SI rooms, rent $3 per room..... 3400
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny st. .
$1000— LODGING-HOUSE; ' choice location;
near. Market st. ; 22 neatly furnished rooms;
, must be sold quick: cause, sickness. Mer-
t chants' Agency. 100S Market st.
42 ROOMS; corner near R. R. depot: rooms
all full; clears $125 per month: rent $3 per '
room; owner sick; must sell; $2350. 453, Call.
35-ROOM- Market-st. bouse; busy corner; Al
¦transient; I -will sell at low figure or ex-
change. Box '8486, Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE In Tonopah for sale; 20
I rooms; all full: rents *1 to $1 25 per day.
I Address box r!)9. Call office^ '
', $600—15 NICELY furnished rooms, north Mar-
ket: always full; rent $60; clears $R0; sacrl-
flced; terms. 1170 Market at., room 106.
SPIRITUALISM.
MM_ YOUNG'S spirit messages to-night, 10c.
619 McAIllsHer st. All private readings 760
Central ave., 7th-st. station, Alameda;
skeptics Invited. _^^__________
MRS. J. J- WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
. reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
W..G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.; 10c; sit. 10 to 6. 148 Sixth st.
PRO 5 ". FKED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
alate-writer. 1112 Eddy st.; phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at «nce and save $4.
His famous $3Veadlngs this week for
$1 V *1 *1 $1 $1 II V "
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
_^ r PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever "In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An hone6t proposition.
O'ou to be full Judge.)
I 00 hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you if
husband, wife or lover Is true or false: who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire; "in fact." I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development in mental
visor, health., happiness and capacity to earn
wealth: the controlling power implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures; gives you-ettccess
in life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.— Closed Sunday.
326 O'Farrell at.— 326.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATIONS of the NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
For a reliable and intelligent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE, 428 Eddy st.
He askB you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are he!- to. You are acquainted
with the facts in your case. Let PROFESSOR
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, flnd the cause of trouble and
sutTECst the. remedy.
He Is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he Is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
Would it not be a relief to know how you
will ¦ succeed, to be relieved of the matters that
are troubling you and of the schemes of your
enemies, that you may meet with better success?
A test reading Is not- a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
elve you a full life reading for $1. A test
Is of little value; when the mind Is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
Permanently located 42S Kddy st.: 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD.' THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
• suit this great medium emd you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable • advice ' in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 45fl9.
MME. IC ROTHENBERG, greatest clairvoyant
and spiritual medium; assured success for you
by consulting her on matters of business, such
as love, marriage, law suits, family troubles.
¦ etc. -.consultation with Mme.Rothenberg would
mean success, enlightenment, absolute happi-
ness; business confidential; hours 10 a.m. to 8
' p.m.; Sundays 0 a.m. to 1 p.m. MME. ROTH-
ENBERG. 1371 EIlls.bet.Laguna & Buchanan
MME.PORTER.celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; I.
50c, g. by cards $1; palmistry and clairvoyant
sit., $1 60. 290 O'Farrell st.. near Mason.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon: names given; special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, clairvoyant, business me-
dlum: advice on mining & invest.: devel.clr.
Thurs.. 8. 920 O'Farrell; tel. Hyde 1767.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader:when others fall try me;good readings
25c. 721 FrankIln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln4207.
A — Mrtie. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given :25c up. 835 Howard, bet. 4th&5th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 23c;
gents 60c. 051 Mission st., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2B4 Kearny. rm. 20; ladlea 25c. gents 60c.
MIES ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L. 60c; G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.O.G.ave.
MXSS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facta; readings dally. 017 Market st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. 234
- Sixth St.; ladles 25c; gents 60c. •
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress. will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller. is now at 317 Ellis st. -
MRS. SHAFER "clairvoyant, card reader, sit-
ting*, dally. 4484 Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, /rooms 9-10: tel. Main 6380.
CARPET HEATING AND L CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compreened air at shop; prices
moderate. 8. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
' Co., 308 Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479.
WHEN you becom* disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 355-357 Tehama St. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St.— First-clam
carpet cleaning. 3c j-ard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlF.on St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior ' Carpet-Beating Works.
833 Golden Gale av». Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter sL;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.", carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
CLOTHXWO _EITO~ATI~q.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St., ' room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. : crown, $3 60; fillings, 60c;
plates. $5; full set: all .- work painless • and
t * warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.EIeventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; -old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting t>Oc; gas given. .
ARTHUR CHISHOLM surgeon-dentist.r.l4,lst
floor. , Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny,- cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns.$2 up: fllllngs.25c.
FREE examination with chart at the . New
York Dentists. 069 Mission St., ¦ SE. : cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c: sliver." 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
t Patterns cut t« measure; eve. class. 1010 Mkt.
Accordion, ' sunburst and knife-platting. Stew-
. art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MAIiE *__
A TEMPERANCE coachman; gardener; can
milk if desired: private family work: good
reference if required. 120A Eddy St.. room ..
BOY of 17 wishes position as office boy; un-
derstands bookkeeping, typewriting and pen-
manshlp; no experience. 187 South Park.
NURSE male requires invalid 01" mental
cases; town or country; first-class references;
thoroughly reliable. W. W.. 1235 Market.
SITUATION as foreman In a brick yard; have
burnt with coal, wood and oil; good refer-
er.ces. _ J. A. LANCE. San Jose. Cal.
WANTED — By competent painter, permanent
position. Address C. A. K-. 937 Folsom st.
WANTED— Position aa barber. Box 2832 Call
office. ______________
GENTLEMAN. No. 1 waiter, desires position
In first-class clubhouse: references. «43 Genry.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position In
• mall family; cood cook; wages $2 up.
FRANK. ~'<i O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE boy wants situation at housework
ijv'h'alf day 'HIROSE. 102 Guerrero st.
JAPANESE boy. gentle and h?' 1 " 1^ 1^"? 0 !
sit Ion as a school boy. K. HENLY. 1752
Flllmore st.
~~ FLATS TO LET.
AAA-HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department; over 1000
in number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to flnd a
place: we never fall: service free.
sterling furniture co..
1039 market st..
opposite McAllister.
_ %
A— HOUSES and flats to let; aa Immense lUt;
- service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259
Geary st., on the square.
SHOTWELL. 1017, near Twenty-fourth— Mod-
ern sunny upper flat; key downstairs; see this
to-day. BALDWIN & STETSON. 317 Mont-
gomery st.
BRODERICK. 220. near Oak— Modern flat of «
rooms, bath and servant's room: grand view
from every room ; rent $32 60.
A NICE sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath. 730
Ellis st.. near Stelner.
F1LLMORE. 1126— 7-room flat: rooms all
light: modern; furniture for sale.
GREENWICH, 403 — 5-room flat $10, I sun all
d.iy; e-room flat $U» with bath. -
HARRISON. S28A — New modern fine flat of 6
rooms; reasonable to responsible party.
HAYES. 692, cor. Buchanan — Nice sunny flat;
6 rooms and bath; modern improvements.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on I. YON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.4
CENTRAL ave.. 67, nr. Waller st. — Sunniest,
cheapest upper up-to-date flat, 6 large rooms
and bath: $30.
NEW. sunny, 5 rooms, yard, modern. 1006
Cap'p &t.. near Twenty-fifth: rent cheap.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
ELLIS, 02S — For -2 months;- very low rent for
my handsomely furnished 6-room suite; new
bulMlns; aH sunny rooms: elevator; free
lights; hot water and Janitor service; grand
piano; finest marine view. .
HAIGHT, 12U8. Buena Vista, cor. Central ave.
— Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished:
house has all conveniences and is situated In
select neighborhood.
CAPP. 614 — Furnished 5-room flat: piano; gas
and coal stove. Call bet. 11 and 4. ,
FOLSOM, 647 — Four furnished rooms for house-
keeping, complete: piano.
FOR rent for the summer, furnished Cat. 6
rooms. 85 ¦ Central ave.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
FURNITURE lof 7 rooms for sale; cheap rent;
$35. 157 Ninth st.
UPPER flat, 8 sunny rooms, handsome new
carpets, for sale; rent $35. 2126 Central ave.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ANDERSON Auction House at 10 Turk st., nr.
Market, for furniture and everything for the
house at lowest prices.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 "SO
down and $1 60 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
FURNITURE of a 6-room house for sale; all
new; only been used a few months. Box
C63. Call office. '
A LARGE bedroom set, cheap. If sold by
Wednesday. 2S12 Pine st.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 Valencia, nr.l6th.Tel.Church 3879
CHEAPEST place In city for second-hand fur-
niture. 086 Geary st Tel. Polk 1477.
FURNITURE WANTED.
"™~ ABE LEVY. —————
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
ntture.carpets. etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Helper In kitchen and dining-room
for delicatessen store, $30 and room and
board, very nice place; waitress for resort.
$32 50; waitress for family hotel in city.
$27 J>0; chambermaid and waitress, country
hotel. $23: laundress for family -work In
country-, $40; 4 cooks. German style, $30;
English nurse, $25; nurse. $20; 18 girls for
housework in city and country. $23 and $30.
See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
WANTED — Neat waitress for fine springs in
Shasta Co., fare paid both ways. $25. See
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED— Head waitress. $30, and 3 wait-
resses for Mme place. $25, in nice family
hotel in city. J. F. . CROSETT &. CO., 334
Sutter at.
WANTED — Neat young woman for general
housework In American family of 2 persons.
$25. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
IN GOD WE TRUST.
Golden Gate Employment Office. 1211 Ninth
ave.. off H St.. alongside of Golden Gate
Park and next door to Public Library; free
reading-room for ladles; best help provided
for all purposes, for city and country
throughout the States; smallest office
charges; employers please pay half the office
fee; money orders payable to T. SPEAK-
MAN. Station G, San Francisco.
A — THREE waitresses for first-class water re-
sort; free fare and $25 month. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.:,,.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Waitress, city, $25. ¦
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdresslng.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary »t.. room 13. '
A — GIRL to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1' month for $15; position as trimmers,
salesladies, etc, guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches balrdresslng
trade manicuring, massage, etc: positions
secured at highest wages: day and evening
classes; thorough system. Removed from ISM
Market st. to 133 Powell et.
WANTED— Eight lady barbers at once; $13
• per week guaranteed. Call Golden West Ho-
tel 10 to 12 and 1 to 4, Monday and Tues-
j day." L. KLENMAN.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for cooking and
housework in small family: $30. Call fore-
noon, 601 Stelner st.
GIRLS to work on foldli.g paper boxes; steady
, positions. 520 Market st.
RESPECTABLE young lady for light office
work: small wages; references. 473 Valencia.
1 EXPERIENCED saleslady, steady, for candy
store. Call after 10 a. m. at 1411 Polk st.
GIRL for general housework; 2 In family; good I
wages.'. &30 Scott st.
STENOGRAPHER for Los' Angeles: state age
and wages; widow preferred. Box 3324, Call.
WOMAN for general housework; small family;
no children; good home; $15. 614 Eddy st.
HAIR- worker and hair dresser: also girls to
learn the trade. 1638 Polk st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
: Chutes. 6 p. m.. Wednesday; salary no object.
TWO lady solicitors to introduce our goods;
city and country; liberal terms. The Oatlna
Co.. "121 Geary st.. room 721.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' silk
waists; no others need apply. KONIG-
STEIN.-28 First st.
GIRL for "cooking and general housework;
> wares $25. - 912 Pace st. _ i
';.,-¦ BUSINESS CHANCES.
A- $3500; CORNER ealoon: close to Sutter St.;
place estab.- years: doing an excellent busi-
ness; lease; rent $115: net rent $43; elegant
fixtures. Sec R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny.
A— $15,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
less than $1000 per month; location and busi-
nets car/t be beat. See R. G. WILKE, 2614
Kearny st. ¦
A— $S00; PARTNER wanted In office of manu-
facturer's agent; a first-class offer for good
man- $500 to be invested In business; office
clears about $250 per month. See R. G.
WILKE. 26'i Kearny st.
A— $700; BAKERY across the bay; established
years and doing a first-class paying store
trade: value in sight. All particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26 Vj Kearny tt.
A— $C00; YOUNG and active man wanted to
run grill room In one of the finest barrooms
in this city; no rent to pay: references want-
ed. See R. G. WILKK. 2<iH Kearny St.
A— $1100; CORNER grocery and bar on cholc-
e»t location of Deylsadeto st.; must be sold
at-ence.-on account of death in family; lease;
rent $37 50; a splendid and rare chance. See
R. G. WILKE. 26»j Kearny Et.
A— $2250; CORNER saloon on Montgomery st.;
tttablished many years; rent $85; lease; a
good-paying place and well advertised. Call
K. O. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st. •
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse! Road-
house! With 18 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lease: a first-class paying resort. See R, G.
WILKE. 26H Kearcy st.
A— $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; a splendid
location In the Mission; place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKE,
2614 Kearny st. .
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; plac* must be sacrificed on ao-
count of ill health of owner. See R. . G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $450: BARBER shop: 8 chairs; best location
in the Mission; rent $15. See R. G. WILKE,
"')]-, Kearny et.
A— $2S00; SALOON: choicest location on Mar-
ket St.; low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
tures and a first-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st^
A— $C00; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
I $175 per month. See R. O. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st.
A — DRUGSTORE, drugstore, drugstore; price
$4500: established 27 years; lease 6 years;
rent $60; one'of the best paying stores in this
city: owner to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
20 \'i Keamy st.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds,
good furniture: lease; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26H .Kearny st.
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $160; lease; place estab-
lished years: first-claae business: Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $.-»0; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store with 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location;
good business. See R. G. WILKE, 2'JH
Kearny »f.
A— $075 cigar stand, transfer corner; rent $23;
good paying i<lace. R. G. Wllke. 264 Kearny
$150 — BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store;
Rood trade; fine location; sold at a sacrifice;
pleaee investigate. MERCHANTS' AGENCT.
10084 Market st.
$1200 — GROCERY and barroom; well stocked;
prominent corner, including 3 flats paying
half rent; 5 years' lease; rent $70: price
$1200; cause. sickness. MERCHANTS'
AGENCY. 10084 Market st.
$350 SECURES half interest in fine paying
commission business clearing $150 monthly to
each; references exchanged: experience un-
necessary, but must be sober and reliable.
Particulars, 10074 Market St.. room 1.
$050 SECURES 4 Interest In fine paying com-
inisrioii business clearing $160 monthly to
each; references exchanged: experience un-
nec*ssary. but must be sober and reliable.
Particulars, )0074 Market st., room 1.
PACIFIC Real Estate Co.. 1015 Market st.
$115; cigar store, at corner saloon.
$150; branch bakery and variety; act quickly.
$600; restaurant, clearing $50 a week.
$!HX> ; saloon, on busy street; near market.
$425; no competition: grocery and liquors.
$000 — 50 ROOMS; 40 rooms furmsned; rent $30.
Exclusively Berg-Armstrong Co., 318 Kearny.
$:..V-0 — SALOON, near Market; doing fine busi-
ness; reasm for selling; reasonable rent, long
lease.rlKht party. Berg- Artnstrong.318 Kearny.
PARTNER wanted — To assist in office work;
capital required. $300; office will pay $250 to
$3i K> per month: references exchanged.. Box
3529. Call office.
$150 — PARTNER to open coCee and lunch
place; cost over $400; money to buy stock.
Box 3527. Call offlc*.
BARGAIN — Stationery etore; fine business:
owner going East; best location in city. Box
2152. Call office.
GROCERY and family liquor store; 3 living-
rooms; rent $15; good location; going East;
$425; great bargain. Box 2151, Call office.
PARTNER to go to St. Louis and take half
Intel est in business paying from $20 to $50
per day; must have $1000 cash. Box 3519,Call.
CREAMERY for sale; good butter and egg
ruute with milk and cream trade and a but-
ter riant. Box 3518. Call.
FOR sale — Restaurant at a sacrifice ; owner
must - sell on account of other business.
Apply 568 Haves st.
FOR sale — Neat little lunch place; good loca-
tion and trade. 9584 Mission St., near
Sixth.
A SALOON and cafe In Watsonvllle, the best
town on the Pacific Coast, and the best pay-
Ing business in' Wateonville. This ¦ place is
elegantly fitted up with all the modern con-
veniences, has a tease for 8 years, cheap
rent, best location In town; this is a chance
of a lifetime; don't wait, as It will not be
on the market very long. Call, write or
phone GRAHAM & SMITH, real estate and
insurance agents. Watsonvllle, Santa Cruz
County, Cal.
FOR sale — A bargain; a grocery store and sa-
loon, 4 miles out of town; doing a large
business; must.be sold Immediately on ac-
count of sickness: stock carried about $3000.
For further particulars address C P. AN-
DERSON. San Jose, Cal. .¦•-v-f : '»
! CHAP.COAL burners — We have 200 acres
heavy oak. manzanlta and madrone timber
! to tjm into charcoal: will sell for royalty
cr percentage; three miles from R. R.; down
hill; easy to reach. Hermosa Ranch 'Co.,
Cloverdale, Cal. |
HOTEL for sale in a good bueiness town In
San Joaquln Valley; building contains 62
rooms, office, bar. billiard and card rooms;/
house and furniture in first-class condition;
will sell reasonable and on easy terms or for
cash. Box 822. Call office.
BARGAIN — $300: icecream, confectionery, ba-
kery and stationery store, good for young
couple: 2 nice living rooms; part o( house-
hold goods; rent $12: sickness cause of sell-
Ins;; Investigate. Address box 1211, Call
office. Oakland.
FOR tale — Coffee., tea and spice . route over
IS years' standing; selllnr on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars -in-
quire at 119 Front St.. between 11 a* m.
and lpm.
$160— CIGAR- stand; good location; laundry
pays over expenaet; must be sold Inside of a
week. Merchants' Agency, 1003 Market st.
DELICATESSEN, dairy, produce and bakery;
established 26 years; good stand. MRS
MILLER, 423 Fourth st.
WANTED to rent— Good country hotel or road-
house, with 2 to 4 acres of land. LOUIS
METZLER. 763 Howard st.. San Francisco.
FOR aale — A restaurant In the Mission; trans-
fer corner: place is paying well. Address
box SS7, Call office.
FOR sale — A completely furnished hotel In
Petaluma; rent low; 25 rooms; will sell rea-
sonable. Address box 807, Call office.
$275— CANDY and fine pastry store; 625 Tay-
lor: S nicely, furnished rooms and base-
ment; electricity; large stock; bargain.
WANTED — To buy a grocery store across the
bay. Oakland. ' Berkeley or Alameda. Ad-
dress box 877, Call office.
A— $200: PARTNER wanted In light business.
Particulars of PIDGE, 47 Geary st.
A — PARTNER .wanted In milk business. Ad-
dress, box SM. Call office. .' ,
FOR sale — Delicatessen, dining-room; 3 living
rooms; going away. .4074 Van Ness ave..
EPLCNDID chance to buy a well-located, long-,
established business. 203 Fourth st.
BARGAIN — Candy and Icecream parlor; good
fixtures; 2 mine. rooms. 1326 Polk at.
FOR sale— Dairy. 22 cows; 3 horses, wagons,
with fine private . route. Box S56. Call.
HAIRDRESSERS— Call and see my place;
must sell; make offer. 1163 Market st. .
CALL route for sale; a Bne large Call route
in the city of Alameda. Box 2179, Call.
SALOON- and chop house for sale. Inquire -at
273-273 Fourth st. JOHN' MUHE1RN 1
EDUCATIONAL.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
st.. between Third and Fourth: more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest in the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
V. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A — CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $8 mo.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years; special discount
during month of June: catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty.24 Post
st.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free, j
DANCING— Adults. Mon. and Fri. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5; prlv. lessons dally. Flnd-
? lay's Hall; 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min.. mech., sur- I
vey, assay, cyanide: day, ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
EASTERN piano teacher desires adult pupils:
makes specialty of fitting young piano
teachers. Box 2170. Call office.
KENT Law School; day and night: send for
particulars. 636 Parrott i)\A*.. Emporium.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.; 75-page catalog on request.
1 PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand, etc., $4
mo. Western Business College. 1107 Market.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano $3 per mo.:
mandolin club, $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 420 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main l!>07. BRADLEY. & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAATKU FKMALK.
SCANDINAVIAN, superior first -class cook for
family work, best references, wishes situa-
tlon. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
A YOUNG Norwegian girl would like a place
in a small family; cannot speak any Eng-
lish, but Is willing to learn. Please call 2ffi!
Thirteenth St., between Mission and Howard.
WANTED — A position as laundress In some
small country hjtel or some institution in
city; want a steady place; wages $25 to $00
per month. Address' box 3o25, Call office.
YOUNG lady with exceptional ability as stenog-
rapher, -typewriter and bookkeeper wishes
position; wages not less than $25 per month.
Box 2110. Call otfice. .
A YOUNG woman wishes washing and house
cleaning by the day: $1 60 a day. Apply
17% .Welsh et., off Fourth, between Bryant
and Brannan.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes light housework;
small washing; wages $20 to $25; city cr 1
country. ! 31<J}4 Rttch st., between Brannan
and Townsend.
A— FRUIT picking, country, wanted by two
young women. 321 Mason St.; phone Black
2306.
A THOROUGH fitter on tailor and evening
gowns wants, engagements; $1 60 per day.
1006 Larkln St., near Post. • -
A* WOMAN wants to do washing and cleaning;
$1 60 per day. 15 Priest st.. nr. Washington
and Jones; phone Hyde 4122.
REFINED young lady would like position as
lady's companion and secretary; refined home
preferred; have reference. Box 3501. Call.
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer with
knowledge of bookkeeping, desires a posi-
tion as office assistant. Box 20S2. Call.
A— GOOD cook wants cooking for men coun-
try. 324 Mason st.; phone Black 2306.
COMPETENT woman desires place for Monday
or Tuesday. Apply at 549 Minna st.
K FINN girl wants place, housework and cook-
ing. 329>4 Third st ; '
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants position, care of
• sick or invalid. 174*Market at. . -.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day:
washing, ironing or sweeping Thursday or
Saturday: $1 50 per day and carfare. Ad-
dress box 3533. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes to do flannels
at her home, or washing without Ironing.
Address box 3534, Call office.
SEWING by the day: good fitter; shirtwaist
cults made In a day: $2 a day. S6A 8th st.
AN accomplished young German lady desires
a position as companion or managing house-
keeper In refined family or elderly lady or
gentleman. Address box 3544, Call office.
AN educated, refined young lady would like
position as traveling companion or house-
keeper to wealthy American; stenographer
or secretary. Box 2ft45. Call office.
A REFINED German lady, graduate Froebel
Kindergarten, wants a position as mother's
help or companion. Call Monday or Tues-
day, 1210 Sutter st.
WOMAN wants work by the day: houseclean-'
ing; $1 50 and car fare. Call or address
MRS. OSGOOD, 115 Hayes st.
A SWEDISH woman wishes washing to do at
home; special care taken of flannels. 233
California ave.. downstairs.
YOUNG jrirl wishes to do general housework
in small family. Please call Monday at
Swiss Dairy, 2216 Flllmore st. »
YOUNG girl wants position as plain cook
with a nice family. Please call at 51 Her-
mann St.. near Valencia.
WANTED — Ppsition as housekeeper; small
hotel, rooming-house or for one or two. Call
Monday and Tuesday, 30 Post sL, room 9.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
A MIDDLE-AGED man desires position on
private place; experienced dairy and poultry
man and butter-maker; conscientious and re-
liable: best of references; wages moderate.
Box 3520. Call office. _,
MACHINIST — All-around man: experienced In
¦ metal patterns, looks, hardware, etc. Address
box 3520. Call efflce. .
WILLING, steady young man eeeks office or
outdoor employment; references.' "GLAS-
COW.i' 105 Ellis St., San Francisco.
YOUNG man wants general work around place;
care of horses, cows, garden, . etc., or house-
work. Box 3521. Call. .
GOOD cook wants situation In hotel, restaurant
or boarding-house. Please call 653 Folsom st.
SITUATION wanted at once by young man In
machine or electrical shop. Box 3530, Call.
RELIABLE, true, middle-aged man would like
to hear from gentleman who .wants such a
man. Addresa box 3538, Call -. office.
YOUNG man wants general work around place.
Box 3535. Call office.
SHANGHAI, China — Gentleman wishes to rep-
I rtsent business house In Shanghai or Hong-
kong; poesesses business references from
Shanghai; four years' Oriental experience.
Box 830, Cali office. .
MECHANICAL draughtsman — Mechanic hav-
ing completed mechanical drawing course and
well advanced In complete mechanical, wishes
work as assistant, tracing or details. Ad-
, dress 112S Tennessee st. »
PAINTER, first-class all around man, would
. like to work for owner; would work very
reasonable; city or country. Address bo*
S91. Call office.
RECTIFIER, sober and reliable, familiar .with
all branches In wholesale liquor business,
wants good position. Address E. MEYER.
1706 K st... Sacramento.
*_ _ .
HOUSE and window cleaning; any kind of
¦work by experienced man; $1 per day. Ad-
dress H. WILLIAMS.. 205 Second «t.
.
MAN and wife; man aa horse' man; woman to
do - housework and assist in kitchen. • Box
876, Call office. .
WANTED — A. position as partner with a Jew-
elry case ¦ maker, bill - cases, > pocketbooks,
etc.; go6d mechanic. .Address box 2144. Call.
BOOKKEEPER, comoetent and reliable, well
recommended, desires position. A. ZECHER,
669A Ellis lit; '
SITUATION wanted by mlddje-aged man as
valet ia first-class private family; would
travel ; references given. Box 2587, Call.
Painter," paper-hanger, slgnwriter, wants work;
tools. furn. 1272 Folsom St.; phone Mint 131.
HIGH - school student, Japanese, wants sltu-
' ation; work of any kind: any place. K..T. a.,
"Japanese Mission, 1329 Pine st.. ¦_
WANTED— Position by a -first-class Chinese
cnok, boarding-house or family. Y. LIEU,
1113 Clay St.; tel. Black 3658. ' ¦' •
HELP WA XTK T>— »FEM A LE— Coa.
TRAVELING manager: ambitions to ta«»
charge. Box 2&M. Call office.
FIRST-CLAPS opera tors, also finishers on vev*;
v.ages no object. _UVj9th st..opp.Clementina.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops In August.
Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery st. 3 y.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received nt
Call branch office, cor. Duncan <; Church its.
A BRANCH office- of The Call for the reception
of adYfrtl^ments and subscriptions has be»a
opened at 1008 Market st.. . opposite Firth.
Opeu until 11 P. m.
HELP WA.VTED .UALE.
FOUR carpenters, near city. $» day: machine-
men. $.1 to $-1 50 day; timber feller. $t>O and
found; 2 crosscut sawyers. $40 and found; 5
laborers for sawmill. $2 25 to $2 »> day:
teamsters. $30 month ami found and $- *-0
day; poultry man. £.0 and found; porter tor
-wholesale houye. Sot); farmers, milkers: ganu
'edRerman, $30 and board; poultrjman aiM
wife $30 and found; choreman, $'-'5 and
found: boy for doctors office. *15 and found:
2 blacksmiths $2 SO and $:i day; blacksmith
helpers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
MAN and wife for sawmill boardins-hous».
$80; cook and wife for lumb-r camp. $30 to
$105; hotel cook, country, $<?0; cook for 3
men, $20 and found: waiters: dishwashers;
2 porters for Institutions, $25 and found:
and others. J. F. CROSETT tt CO., 823
Sacramento st.
WANTED — Cook and wifs for sawmill, crew of
about 60 to 70 men; salary $90 to SI' 5; se«
bosj in city: call early. 3. F. CROSETT St
CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — Man and wife for country board-
ing-house of about 15; go north; wife to do
the cooking, the man to work In the woods,
sawmill or about the mill yard: gotn* wages;
see boss in city. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
834 Sutter st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
F. M. GUNN 63S Commercial it..
Phone Main 1191. 5 doors from Kearny.
Free fare, 20 laborers. 8 hours,' work, $B0.
Arizona, new work, right to Florence, fee $1.
Free fare. 10 teamsters, only 2 horses, near
city, $60.
Nevada— Ship daily. 8 hours' work. $3 ta
> $_¦ 50 day.
8 woodchoppers. large mining CO.. south, 4-ft.
wood $1 5O cord, powder furnished, bl*
money in this- 10 woodchoppers. MenjJocln.j
Co. $1 25, $1 33 and $2 cord: 6 ranch hands.
see boss here, $30 and found; 2 machina
miners $00; 3 muckers. $75; 2 timberraen.
$DO; young man to tally and clerk, city, $li
week; young man do chores, private place.
south. $20 and found; 20 teamsters and
laborers. Southern California, lc mtle. $»«>;
man assist milker and deliver, $35 and found;
first and second cooks, north, $100 month:
cook and wife, north $100 and found; dish-
washer, lunch Job. $3 week; hundreds of
other Jobs. Call and see. •
AT the California Employment Agency.
14 3d St.. nr. Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
State of Nevada; cheap fare refunded.
United States Government work.
60 teamsters and laborers, $2 to $2 25 day.
60 drillers, hammersmen and rockmen, $2 50.
$10 05 fare. Florence, Ariz. Fare $10 03.
100 teamsters and laborers. $2 to $J 50 day.
SAWMILL CREW.
2 spool tenders, $55 and found.
Brakeman. logging train. $40 and found.
Shingle Jointer, see boas here. $45 found.
Board puller. $15 a month and board.
2 tall edgermen. $40 a month and board.
2 second trimmermen. $40 month and boar_
1 offbearer. $40 a month and beard.
10 lumber pliers. $r>5 to $40 and beard.
8 men for reck quarry. $2 25 a day.
10 laborers. 8 hours, near city, $«O.
2 carpenters, country town, 8 hours, $4 day.
10 Slavonian laborers, sawmill, $03 found.
Hodearrier. country. $3 day.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 Sd st.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENlT.
95 Third St.: telephone Main 5021.
Oang foreman. $3. Tuba County.
Muckers, tunnel. $2. free fare.
Drillers, tunnel. $2 5O-$2 75. lr«e far*.
Waiters, city. $05 and found.
Boys for factory. $3 50. good trade.
Pine line, Monterey Co.. laborers, $2 23.
laborers, near cHy, $2.
Teamsters, city. $1 50 and fd.
Tur.nel. Humboldt Co.. $2 50-$2 75.
Laborer*. $2. fare 10c. 8 hour?.
Florence, Arizona, laborers. $2. cheap fare.
HORD * SMITH.
A— CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT AGENCY;
633 Washington St.; phone James 3U01.
* 30 laborers, co.'s own work, you'll suit. S3
day, board where you like, pay once a week:
teamsters, new electric R. R-. free fare, fi
day; edeerman for sawmill co.. $70 fd.. cheap
fare; hay hands. $1 25 day: 10 plumber-.
cheap fare. $4 day. 8 hours: bellboy, city. «1S
mo., board: marble polishers, city. $2 5O day;
slack coopers. 10c bbl., $2 50 day old work.
L. H. CUTTING & CO.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, ~
602 Clay st. ; phone James 2478. •
NEVADA — Government Work — Nevada.
Teamsters. Tunnelmen. Laborers.
20 pipeline men, $2 25 day.
30 Italian laborers, $2 day.
1 carriage painter. S:; 50 day.
2 milkers, $05 month and found.
3 cfceecmakers, $lf> month and found.
3 Chinese cooks. $40 to $15 month.
IN GOD WE TRUST.
Golden Gate Employment Office. 1213 Ninth
ave. oft H st.. alongside of Golden Gate- Parlc
and 'next door to public library — Best mala
help provided for all purposes, city ane" coun-
try throughout the States; smallest offlc«
cha'rges; employers please pay half the offlc»
fee. Money orders payable to T. SPEAK-
MAN. station G. San Francisco.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery*, r. 12.
Barkeeper, $40; 2 waiters, country, $00; bell-
boy. $20; 2 waiters, company's boarding-
house, country. $30.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton st. — A flrst-c!as3
butler, $40 to $30; a competent pastry cock.
$70; bread baker helper, country. $05 and
found; dishwasher for springs. $00, etc.
WANTED — Draughtsman hi charge, $6 per
Jlem. and first-class architectural draughts-
man. $5 04 per diem; an examination will b*
held at the navy yard. Mare Island. Cal.,
June 21. 1904. to fill the above positions. For
application and further Information addresa
"Commandant. Navy Yard, Mare Island.
Cal."
EXPERIENCED window dresser wanted. Ap-
ply giving age. experience, references and
salary wanted, box 3523. Call office.
WANTED^ — Boys about 17 to work In machine
shop. California Fruit Canners" Association,
Vandewater and Taylor sts. .--¦¦¦¦
WANTED — A steady man to learn a trade;
will make In short time $30 a month. 01i> l »
Folsom st.. upstairs.
PLATEN press feeder; one that is experienced
on Colt's press preferred. 520 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger and tint«r
wanted; 7:30 a. m. MORRIS. 1214 Geary st.
CASH painters wanted at O'BRIEN & SON'S,
corner Polk st. and Golden Gate ave.
BARBER wanted — Steady work. 58 Steuart
street. |
FIRST-CLASS, sober barber; steady. BIS
Hayes st.
BARBERS — 3-chair shop; slckaess eaus« of
sale; no reasonable offer refused. 1000
Valencia st.
BARBERS — 2-chalr shop for sale. Corner
. Fourteenth and Folsom sts. .
HELPER wanted in bakery. 2129 Mission st,
WANTED— Man to clean up bakery. 1U
Larkln st.
FIRST-CLASS pressman on fine custom coats.
F. ATTINGER. 48 Ellla St. .
MAN to work, around the place. 1443 Har-
rison st. ' - "..- ':*
YOUNG man, with some experience to work la
confectionery. WHJ Larkln st.
WANTED — lixperienced lunch cook: steady
Job: g«od wages. 130 Howard st.
A DRUO cVrk: registered; references ; $73.
Apply 102 Eddy st.
PAINTERS wanted. 1313 Buchanan st.
BARBERS — Here Is a chance to buy a good 2-
chalr shop cheap; cheap rent: living rooms;
owner leaving city. Box 1CS2. Call.
FOR sale — Barber shop. 1407 Buchanaa st.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 923 Golden
Gate ave., room 7. for free information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.: day
or evenir.BS.
NEAT-APPEARING energetic man of good
addrcis. Apply 121 Geary st.. room «2J>.
WANTED — Three first-class carriage blatck-
cmlths and three firat-class body makers:
good wages and steady employment to right
parties. AddIv A. MEISTER & SONS CO.,
Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Educated gentleman who has *<>od
knowledge of cyclopedias: $1200 per year;
references required.
University Society, box 21 fin. Call.
A profitable outing: pick hops In Augu.it. Wrtt»
E.CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Batleryst..S.F...'j
SOLICITOR for merchant tailor: i»l Induct-
> menu. 1125 Market st.
FTfiTi f want- am/FDTisrnFMT pi WTD IN THESE
A LI I I I— L W/\M I riL/VL-K I IJLI ILI\ I r Lr\>oL-L/ 11/1 }^L^Z^ZSZ,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1004.
13
ROOMS FOR HorSF.KKF.riVG Con.
EDDY. 033— Nicely furnished or unfurnished
4* room apartments: bath; phone; private
residence; reasonable.
EIGHTH. 10^i — Housekeeping rooms furnished;
bedroom and kitchen. '
ELLIS- 613 — Two extra nice sunny rooms for
housekeeping: first floor; private family.
FELL. 120^ — Sunny housekeeping rooms: bath,
gas* phone, running water.
FOLSOM, 2612 "near. Twenty- second— 2 unfur-
nished sunny front looms; gas; bath; rea-
sonable. — -?•.:- '
GEARY. 777— Sunny housekeeping rooms; large
and airy; nicely furnished: reasonable.
GEARY 1432— Sunny suite: gas range: also
large sunny room, suitable foredressmaking.
GOLDEN OATE ave., 511 — 3 large well-fur-
nished rooms, complete; on main floon
GOLDEN~G~ATE~a.ve.ri221— 3 sunny bay-wtn-
dow unfurnished rooms; bath, yard; $16.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1529. near Scott St. —
Floor of 4 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent cheap, as party has to
leave the city.
HOWARD. 635— Furnished room for house-
keeping.
HAYES 7SW — Two sunny front rooms, unfur-
nished; housekeeping; very reasonable.
JESSIE. 333 — Sunny parlor, furnished for
housekeeping; gas range, sink, doaet; $3 wk.
JONES. 617— Nice snlte of rooms for light
housekeeping!
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments 1340 Plne^
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; stesm heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths: rate $10 up.
LA BRANCH HOUSE. 1220 Powell st.. corner
Pacific — Front family housekeeping rooms;
also single front rooms; $1 a week and up.
LARKIN. 819%— Furnished housekeeping
rooms, large and sunny, convenient. $1(X
LARKIN. 1007. corner Post. The Cragborn—
Sunny furnished rooms, single or en suite;
housekeeping apartments a specialty; baths;
reduced rates f»r summer; Larktn aad Sut-
ter-st. cars pass house.
LEAVENWORTH, 1110—2 sunny rooms, fur-
nlshed; gas range: water: yard; cheap.
MCALLISTER. 1400, cor! Pierc*— Elegantly
furnished sunny corner housekeeping suites;
electric lights, gas, bath, phone; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 1671— S sunny connecting
housekeeping; complete: kitchen; gas; all
convenience; bath; reasonable.
MINNA 454C. bet. Fifth and Sixth — 2 rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping; sep-
arate entrance.
MISSION. 911H— Nicely furnished parlor, with
kitchen; also other con, housekeepg. rooms.
NINTH, 155— Two large furnished rooms.
complete housekeeping; private family; gas
. range; bath. ,
NINTH, 153 — 2 large, furnished rooms, com-
plete housekeeping; gas range: prlv. family.
NOE. 876 — Housekeeping room*: furnished:
$15 and $20; use ct kitchen, bedroom or par-
lor floor; gas, bath: reference required.
OAK, 10—2 rooms complete for housekeeping:
use of piano.
OAK. 88» — Newly furnished sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; water; laundry; bath; phone; no
children.
O'FARRELL, 1305— Nicely furnished sunny
front housekeeping suite. $18.
PEARL. 3. cor. Market — 2 furnished house-
keeplng rooms. $14-115: no children.
POST. 1422— A suite of larg* runn7 poriors :
nicely furnished for light housekeeping; also
an alcove suite very reasonable. ¦
STANYAN, $04. opp. Park— 3 or 4 front sunny
connecting rooms.
SUTTER 2170 — 3 housekeeping rooms; fur-
nished "or unfurnished; front side room;
phone: bath.
Taylor. 911— Furn. suite, gas range, water.
$12 50; 2 rooms, gas range. $10; 1 rm, $7 50.
TWENTY- FIRST. 2344 — Large corner furnish-
ed bay-window housekeeping rooms.
VALENCIA 900 — Nicely furnished sunny al-
cove suite' and kitchen; gas ra use; bath; no
children. . .
VALENCIA. 1083—3 large sunny furnished
rooms; coal and gas stove; bath: yard.
VAN -NESS ave.. 1004—2 large sunny newly
papered rooms; new carpets; gas range;
bath.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Suites or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. ¦
• aj> — BT^ yT HOTTSZa. ~~~
ST.CECILE 115 Fell, above Van Ness ave. — The
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments, with private baths,
cteam heat, electric light elevator, gas rang**;
$30. $35. $37. $40. $45. $47.50. $50. $33.
EL CAMELLO. 1719 Washington— 2 to « room
apartments, newly furn. or unfurn.: sunny;
moderate^
BENTON (The), 835 Octavla.''opp. a beautiful
nark 2 and 3 room apts., with all mod. con-
veniences; special reductions for summer mo.
A— Whitefleld, 1223 McAllister: elegant; sunny
unfurn. apartments: very desirable; adults.
OCTAVIA. 1423— Most select apartment house
In city; 3-4 rooms; elegantly furnished; reas.
ELLIS, 322 — Modern sunny flats. 3 to ft rm*.,
balb. closet, furn. handsomely; also It. hkpg.
ROSSWELL. 1360 Pine. nr. Hyde — Smartly
furn. (new) sunny 2-3-4-room apartments.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackscn st.— Modern 3-4-5
1 room*: furn. or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 1.150.
ROOMS TO f.KT F_r». «tnd t'nfara.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth St. — Room*
C5c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." E73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.>— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; houwe open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rooms, snlte. single; alao unfurnished.
BUSH, 1011 — Exceptionally targe sunny rcumi
large closet, bath, phone; desirable; central.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny room*; pricts reasonable.
DEVISADERO. 106 — Four well-furnished sun-
ny rooms and bath.
EIGHTH ave... 706 — Neatly furnished rooms,
within one Mock of Golden Gate Park.
ELEVENTH, 21— Elegant rooms, single or en
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
ELLIS. 928 — 2 newly furn. rooms, new fiat;
running water, electricity, hot baths. Flat 4.
ELLIS. 1M0 — Sunny suite of single rooms, one
unfurn iahed. .
ELLIS. 1162— Double room with lavatory,
also social tall, for two or three gentlemen.
ELMER. 324 Bush — Nicely furnished rooms.
day. week or month; reasonable.
FAUSTINA. 642 Geary — We are making sum- i
mer rates; newly furnished rooms; modern
conveniences; select.
FOLSOM. ' 633 — Three unfurnished, runny
rooms, range; large yard.
I FULTON, 7, opposite City Hall — Two nicely
I furnished rooms; to men only.
GEARY. C24 — Newly furnished sunny rooms;
day. wetk cr month.
GEARY. S30, bet. Hyde and Larktn— Large
sunny bay- window front rooc", with alcove;
phone;' bath:' reasonable; one w two gentle-
men. . ¦ -
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $ft wlc; reading-room.
HAYES. 379— Nicely furnished rooms.
HAYES. 972— Newly furnished sunny room:
bath ; phone Fell 1237. __^
HOTEL KYLE. 230 Powell — New building,
I . newly furnished; batchelors' quarters, tour-
l 1st. theatrical.
HOTEL DUFKERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly far-
nlshed suites and slrgle rooms. ;
JONES. 207 (Van Winkle) — Furnished sonny
rms.; suite cr single; cents preferred: $S up
KEARNY, 41*— Elegantly furnished large
front; also slnzle rooms: $2 to $5 week.
LAS PALMA8. 1820 Market— Sunny suites, sin-
kI* rooms; tourists: su^pner rates: teL Fol-
- som 1850. . . ' ' .
LACUNA, 900 — Newly furnished sunny front
' room; near Jefferson "qua re.
LEAVENWORTH. 710— A" sunny furnished
suite; suitable for housekeeping; reasonable.
LYON. 22. cor. Page — Neatly furnished front
sunny room: every convenience: running
water, phone, bath: reasonable; 1 block from
park. »
MARKET. 719. tore* doors west Call bldg.—
' Furnished rooms by the day. week or month;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
"H l - T -'-TV* VTFn M\t.t.-.__rwwtlww>rt
A- Mf n RAY & READY, Vfcnne Main 5S48.
«i14-G3i» Clay rt. 5Ms Phcne Main.
lx-adicg llmsilcymcnt and Labor Agents.
¦'"•' We liive- urM We ltoj* to
¦9.«M Ufa Work. Increaw? W.OOO.
M'ANL--H. . CF.RMAN. J~ tENCH.
ITALIAN. SWISS, GREEK.
NEW— NEW— NETS '.
ARIZONA. . ARIZONA. APJZONA.
**1 «•* 1104 MILES. $11 04
«»0 ilEN WANTED.
irUNTmEBS GOING DAILY. ARE YOU?
Teamsten-. Laborers, Han-.m e—m-n. Drillers.
__ - S2. ritn. $3. $3 50 <!„.
rLOJlENCK. rr-mer of great rrrtms. Arizona.
PEEK TARE— 8 HOURS DAY
To M.itr of Nerada— NEVADA— NEVADA.
United Ptste» Government Work.
S"3S drillers, lejumsfr*. laborers, rockmftt,
concrete mixers, tunncirnm. $::. $2 5<.», fi.
«."J r-o — x tiour*. overtime pai<?
COST «1 FEK. That's all. Two years' work.
N"RTH— FREE FARE— E/ ST. SOUTH.
:w laborer*, no txperience required; you'll
FRF.r. TO- DAY— YOU GO FREE.
GREAT LUMBER TRUSTS.
t:»6 laborers. lumber companies. *.*» to $<30
• ill fuvnd.
-.. , TO THE M 1- V ES AND QUARRIES.
..<: is»-crrrs. foremen for rcinee, $40 ard $30
• ti'i uund.
IS drillers, no fare to par $67 50
LABORERS. TEAMSTERS.
S3 wraj-r and wagon teamsters. (2 25 a day.'
IJ4 lsborrr*. all over California, some in San
Franrjsco. 12 and $2 W> a day
?» r 1 " 1^^' * hours' work daily. THAT8
ALL. $2 a day.
HAT AND HARVEST HANDS.
£1 hajmakf re. sjl over State. $1 60 day f_
W harvest hand*, sack sewers, pitcher*, etc.
*- <!ay ar.d found.
1« teamsters, extra good Jobs, $1 50 and $2 a
day and found.
DAIRYMEN. STABLEMEN.
Vt- rni^e>ra. extra good Jobs, come see, $33,
$4ft and fpund. ,
6 butter-ciakers. 2 cheese— ,akers. $4* $W> fd.
19 rtablemen. city and country Jobs, $75. $60,
»55 and found.
4* choremea ana hers, different jobs. $35
and $30.
4 apr~ ntlce bf«js, dty
~ne»r, _) a day.
TRADESMEN.
« ea»h and <!oer bands, lumber company, $8
to $3 M <"ai . . « .
IS bla'-ktmiths. <5if>rcr.t places. $3. $3 N> day.
6 carr :age ratnte— , $12 to $1!S week.
T\ eavers on blankets.
2 brick loaders, country. _Tt M.
Be— -w turners, edgermen. hook tenders.
Lofger. understands rigging. L. Co., $60 fd.
12 shingle packers. c'J»-o!I samyer.
Molder and sticker hand.
<« triage painters and sticker hand. $4 <Say.
Wheelwright. «h««l machine, fare $1, $3.
12 cocr*rs. riark ¦oork. ca!I very early.
WOODCHOPPERS.
10« •••oodchorpers, everywhere in the State.
Tv-eK-r. Dolbeer logging donkey. $75 fd.
MURRAY & READY. €34-636 Clay st.
1» C.XJKS. sprir-gs. resorta. hotels, cam ps.
— Inn. ranches, saloons, etc, $70. $60 $A0
$«<j. $.¦». $25 and found.
J4 waiters, h'nel*. cafes, etc, $40, $35. $30.
*^3 and touni.
2»; dishwashers . see us. $35. $3<\ $20 found.
1« i-r-rters. bell and elevator boys. $30 $25.
$20. $15 ead found. .
LAUNDRTMEN.
l—undrviaan. Inrtitutlcn. $30 ar.d. found.
Wash«>r». launorytnen all over <"allfornia.
''arr^p cook. JO men. $-10 ar.d found.
Milker and wire. Cotusa Co., $50 and found.
Tamal? maker, country Job.
•*\er. teamster, lumber company. $50 f«xind-
S*cor.<l baker, fare tX 50. (45 and found.
LUMBER.
Kif* tt nan. sugar pine, $5<o and found.
Head <*o_kej man. iv C. $60 and found
«'ro**eut —iwyer. fare $2 25. $35 and found.
4<»; MILES.
$l <*v $i 06
SOUTH. FOUTH. POUTH. "
155 t*-&— st»rs. rcm» s*e $6O
MURRAY 4r READY. 634-€3« Clay st.
Foreman for orchard end vineyard, south,
_C?©<J wages.
RT*T'--J . t"*T7 «;
Itutcher and bookkeeper combined, man to
r^n e*>nntry fhop. references preferred.
2 !-:auKfcter-bx)Une butchers, ranch, $50 found
Vlumbtr. tlanor. north. $2 W> day.
H!a<-icRro!th. fare $1 40. $3 day.
Biarksrn'.th. ranch, fare Jl 50." $2 day.
Clerk, country tn'rchsxdis* store, $.V» found.
Waiter. Fresno county. $40 and found*
MURRAT & READY. 634-<53G Clay st.
READ THESE
VERT CAREFULLY:
SPECIALS.
MARRIED.
Mar. t.r.i wife, ra— a. Monterey Co., $«0 fd.
Married man.— ilk 0 cows tnd deliver tnllk.$45
Oock t-4 wife, email 6&w u iu camp, see boes
bet*. f.V> an-J found.
Cook end waitress, city, good Job $50 fd.
AGAIN.
MECHANICAL.
r/.a<-kin-.Ith acd sharpen drills, qua-—,
92 75 day.
2 machinists, factory, near city. $3 day.
Millwright, near city. $4 day.
2 cai— xr.ters, near city, $4 day.
4 blsrfcsrr.lths. country Eheps, $3 day.
10 l>UckE?r.:t_s' helpers, $2 to $2 50 day.
sticker hand, city mill.
Flcne :? ..-¦ r\ mine ro.. good wages.
•2 waiters, good country hotel, fare paid.
<>xsk. «mp. company boexiing-house. $«0 fd.
Short orSfr cook, fare Sue. $12 wetk acd fd.
Vight cock, country. $40 acd fd.
2 camp waiters.
Porter, -priugs. $30 fd.
P_ctr>-s:an, springs. *.T0 fd.
MASSEURS.
SUMMER RESORT.
Man and we— .an, — — isears. or man and wife
preferred for eutr.tr.er resort, see boss here.
HERE ARE
OTHERS:
10 laborers, city. $2 day; laborer and driller,
f~ VS day; 3 ox tramsters. $75 and fi. Ium -
her co.; errand boy for this office; 4 plumb-
er— . •
$4 d«y; blacksmith, country shop. $3 day:
rtahl-?— an. country. $40 and fd.: buggy
•raiber. courtr}, $C0: milk wagon driver,
< :t>. t;0 aad UL\ blarkzmith helper. count4-y.
t? 50 ii if; \ '.^ i.; ::.::::. £&n Mate« Co.. $40
_nd Jd.
FREE FARE.
10 laborers, new Job. free fare.
Sf-cncd cook, mine R. II.. S40 and fcund.
"i machine tcinera. go\i quartz mine.. $90.
MURRAY - READY. C34 and C36 Clay st.
A MAN of !a<!cTnltable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make — on.«y. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 478. Parrott building.
W/.VTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that _d Rolkln. Rrno House proprietor, has
adfl'd 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
2j7 Third st. ; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED— Men learn the barber trade; why
you should learn st Haight's Ccl'.ege; he
r*V« his Instructor h:gher wages than other
college*; students from other colleges pay
him to graduate the—; he finishes you in a
barber shop: he teaches you cbeai»er. Csll
*t Ha:ghfs Col.ege. 6*7 Cotnnaerclal St.. S. F.
ARCHITI>TT warned; a competent man to
'•>.*: factories; one who has bad some
mechis'.ca! experience preferred; state ex-
perlea<-«. references and salary expected. Box
Call prace.
MARRIKD ~ *n. between 25 and 20. good hab-
its asd • -_ <¦•- -.. ambitious to advance and
will elve '¦¦•:.••»•. < ~ rt for fair salary and
expense* at «_trt: state experience and ref-
crssesa. Bex 2505. Cai; office.
ALL
M— i to Its— i the BAREER TRADE: only
?irht *t»ki required: positions secured; coa-
sT_2t practice and expert instruction: special
tf« and cataif«rue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE, C 3 Clay st.
TRY our tees'* shoes, cr.lcn made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $3 80: we pay
exp— -Bs or mall charges 11 Sd st.. Exam, bid
LABOR debts collected; eults. attach ments.
Law acd Adjustment Co.. S_8 Moctgy. r. 413.
YOUNG — _n To" leam barber trade: wages
while lur.'ilr.if. 741 A Howard ft.
BAILORS and young rran <g— -en bands) for
tfctr*. HALLBERT. C17 Jackson «.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bulli*. r.4O, Phelan bldg
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
BAILORS ard crdinerr - pearaen for all pexts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 £tetiart »t.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Mar-
ket— 700 ruozns; _5c night; reading-roornj-
free 'bus and baggage to a&d from ferry. '
ADVERTISMENTS. subscriptions received at
C_!I branch office. cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A WEEK'S news for 9 cec*-* — Toe Weekly Call.
lfl P»ges In wrapper, for ¦ la'.ling. $1 per yea*
ALL else* men's choes, slightly tfamajmd.half
price. U3 Mission et.. bet. Jet and 2d sU.
GET yonr fbo** ha!f-*olfd whl!e waiting: ?5e
to rvtr. Sret T4lsyion ft.. b»t. 1st and 2d rta.
IIOl'SES TO LETT
A— PRirCTTD lift of house* to let: eend for dr
cular. O. H. UMBSEN ft CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TIT LET— Fine bouse and stable. 121 Thir-
teenth st.
HOISES TO LET — KCRXISIIED.
TO let— Furnished hocse of 7 rooms for three
rn2^t2^^1_J0Kl"_*'^'_^ v e :^>urset^Dtstrlct-
HOCSES WA.VTEIK "
PNT ni> — Frcm July 1. a comfortably fur-
fbt-A hou»* of CorS rooms In San Lcandro
Kruitvale; {rood neighborhood; some shade
trees; responsible tenant: stau terms. Ad-
Artss bcx 2153. £_1J office.
COLUHN5 WILL BRING MAN I TOLD RETURNS. TRY IT
REAL ESTATE— -CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. ' 23 Post st.
' Send to our office for a copy of Mft "Buyer
and Seller," our monthly catalogue; with a
complete list of special offerings, both Im-
proved and unimproved; free for the- asking.
iilil
BAOAQWAY ST -,
Choice marine view lets on north side of
Broadway, near Scott St.; lots 45:10x137:8:
sold to close an estate. Particulars at office.
$3.600— Reduced from $4000: must be sold: 4
flats; rents $42; near 3d and Townsend.
$17.000— Rents ?!*/: new building; 20 rooms:
downtown: east of Taylor st.;,lot with
double frontage: Bush st.
$12,500— Sacramento St.; Inside location: 8 new
flats; rents $105; splendid Investment.
$32,500— Stockton-st. business property: 4-story
building, stores, etc; rents $212; 40-foot
$18,500— Rents ' $132 60 per month: prominent
Devlsadero-st. business corner; large
tot. 82x100; stores and 2 flats: Invest!- |
gate this. !
$17,000— Rents $123 per month; Flllmore-st.
business property: new building; store
and 2 flats: lot 25x100.
$26,000— Rents ?165 per month; large lot. 45x
110; frame building, 30 rooms; close to
Bt. Francis Hotel and Union square;
Powell st.
$5,900— Lotta St.. Parnassus Heights district;
splendid view of Park and ocean; new
shingled 2-story house. 7 rooms and
bath: mortgage $2500 can remain.
$3,250— Very cheap home; Presidio Heights
district: key lot to both streets; very
sunny; 30x112:6; house of 7 rooms, bath
and stable; Sacramento-st. cars within
a few feet.
$2,600— Rents $20; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms. In
i good repair; Morrell place, near Hyde
and Pacific.
$7.50O— Rents $65; Sacramento St.; 2 new flats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each.
$1,800— Rents $17 per month: 2 flats of 3
rooms each; near Pacific and Larkln ;
McCormftck st.
$4,800— Baker St.. near Sacramento: cottage
of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25:6x102:6.
$2,600 — Leavenworth "St.. near Jackson: 2-
story house. 6 rooms; very cheap.
SPECK & CO..
209 Montgomery St.,
209 Montgomery st.,
209 Montgomery st..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Selling. Leasing.
Rents collected. Insurance.
$50,000 — L«rkln-st. business corner; 87:6 ft.
frontage; stores and lodging-house;
leased and paying 6 per cent net.
$45.000 — Vicinity Bush and Keamy sts.: stores
and three floors above; brick building;
lot fronts 35 feet: rents $205.
$35.000— Howard St.. near Third; ROxlCO feet;
SOOrt square- feet; key lot and two front-
ages; this lot on Third et., would be
worth $100,000.
$2.">,O0O — Corner; new building; rents $224; lot
36:6x100.
$21,000— Larkin-st. business corner; lot 35 feet
frontage; rents $1SOO annually.
$20,000— Polk-st. business property: 2 stores
and lodgtng-house; tot 30x95 feet: rents
$14.*>; {10,000 bank mortgage can re-
main.
$18.500 — Post. St.: lot 62:6x124; 2 frontages;
very good Improvements: rents $140.
$18,000 — Rents $IO<>: corner: 3 stores and I
flats; lot 08:9 frontage.
$18,500 — Ellis st.; bargain: near Larktn; three
houses: lot 27:6x120; two frontages;
SOf«X> -biink mortgage can remain.
$13,500— Lot 55x00 feet: 4 substantial bouses;
key 'property to Valencia St.; rents $106.
$12.500 — Three magnificent flats; Halght St.;
rents $120: lot 25x137:6. -^
$11,000 — Cornert Seventh st. • 55 feet frontage:
fine building, site.
$.5,!>S0— 2 stores — nd 4 flats; corner north of
Market *t.; 48:6 feet frontage; yearly
rents $9C«: paying \l\t, per cent.
$5,C0O— Mission business corner: 3 stores; rents
$1SO yearly: lot 43xS0 feet.
RESIDENCES.
J15.000 — Callfornla-st. residence: 12 rooms and
bath; lot 30x117:6: choice block.
$9,000 — Splendid home; 9 rooms and bath; lot
30x117:6; $0000 mortgage can remain. .
$1.500— 4-room cottage; tot 27:6x100; Mission
warm belt.
CHOICE LOTS.
$5,000 — Broadway, north side, and best resi-
dence block; unobstructed view; lot 27x
137:6.
$4,000— Market-st. let. 2.'.xl00 feet, adjoining
corner lot imnroved with $45,000 build*
Ing and leased for ten years.
SPECK * CO..
200 Montgomery St.. opp. Mills building.
$1 2S PER week: no Interest: lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
ing to do: ready to build your little hose
en; clos« to electric cars and schooL
y W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery it., room 3.
WHY, If you want a home In the Mission,
dnn't you <ec those lots 25x125, west line
Noc tt., 200 feet south of 10th st.? We fur-
nish jou the lot and money to build. You
pay us back same as rent; lots only $10"0;
graded, ready to lay foundations; actually
cheap for $15C0. DOLAN CO.. owners.
: X~HbME
.That will pay for Itself for sale by the Me-
chanics' Home P.uilding Company; two new,
modern fiats of 5 and 6 rooms, high base-
ment; large lot; on east side of Third ave., '
between A and - H sts., north of park. See
them to-day. Agent on ground.
$37uO — A 9-ROOM residence; porcelain plumb-
ing; modern mantcle, tiling: lot 25x120, with
rear L; west tine; 120 2d"ave.. ISO ft. south
I.i.ke or Sacramento St.: $5CO cash; $."50 mo.:
same as rent. Dolan Co.. owners, 24 Mont.
FIVE-ROOM cottase; porcelain plumbing,
modern Improvements, laundry, yard; rent
$25: north side of O'Farrell St.; $3600 only.
Inquire 1301 Devlsadero st.
FREE homestead presented by Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. See
J. E. GORDON, 623 Crossley bldg.. 2:30 to 9
p. ro. dally. '._ *
FOR sale — 3 fine flats. 6 and 7 rooms, baths;
paying property; central: leaving city: no
agents. Bex So5. Call office.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
. lnps and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-8 Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
i BACH k MAYKR. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE Country For .«_!e>.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches. orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market sl.
SOUTHERN Oregon trrlgated lands, dairy
. farms stuck ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land mines. S. C. TRAYNER. 504 Kenrr.y.
ELMIIlinST REAL ESTATE.
$75 EACH— $3 down, $2 SO a month, without
Interest: fine lots, close to the station; only
a few left. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
POI.\T RICHMOND KKAL ESTATK.
4 CHOICE tots for *ale cheap for cash. Ap-
yly 32H Buth st.. room 4. third floor.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARDELL. 15 Page — 3 furn. housekeeping rms. :
lower floor; yard: sink; gas; $3 weelc^
BUSH. S53 — Two to 4 furnished housekeeping
rooms; rent low; also single rooms; central.
BUSH. H23A— Unfurnished front room and
regular kitchen; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 1261—2 or 3 nice sunny rooms:
running water; very convenient; Nob Hill.
CALIFORNIA. 1304 — Sunny front bay-window
room & kitchen, connecting; reas. ;nu chlld'n.
CALIFORNIA. 3031 — Three sunny rooms, nice-
ly furnished for housekeeping: gas range;
1 garden. ¦ ¦ f • ' --» •
CAPP, 767 — Two elegant sunny front rooms;
gas range, running water, bath.
CASTRO. 231— Nicely furnished sunny front al-
cove suite; light housekpg.; running water.
CHESTNUT. 293, North Beach — Sun and view;
| good quiet' place; 'housekeeping.
CLAY 1429— Large front room with small
connecting kitchen: first floor; yard.
CLAY, 1446 — Three rooms; for : housekeeping:
superior furnishing and locality; yard.
CLAY. 151S— Clean, stsnny. connecting rooms
for. housekeeping; gas range; bath; choice
location. : __ . . .
DEVISADERO. 513—2 large front unfurnished
." rooms for houeekeepl ng. ,'''•' " s ' -
DEVISADERO. 1408 — 2 newly furnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny.
EDDY. 210— Elegantly furnished double room,
light housekeeping man and wife; also single.
PERSOXALS.
DR. ROWELL' S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia.
. sore throat, etc. - Scld by all druggists for
over 20 yearn; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL A BROWN. 32 Turk St.. 8. F.
A NEW METHOD — Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my method; magnetic
massage by appointed graduate, old school;
strictly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSER.
637 Bush st.. apt. 309; phone Front 87.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores pray' hair, itn-
proves Its prowth.stops falltng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp:at druggists', hairdressers*? ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,133S Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
ckln, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. . Apply Central
Pharmacy. 928 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varlcocele,
etc.; easily worn; $2 50 postpaid; physicians:
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 140 Geary. 8.F. '
A FINE suit to order on easy 'installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 .Market st..
between Seventh and Eighth. •
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and Sl 50 per week. T. BRILLUNT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post, pear Powell.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Mrs.Pr.A.W.Trave— .1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; drees panU $2 50. i
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Acttna restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter, r. 600. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1 at all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEOXS. •
DR. C C. O'DONNELL, — Office and residence.
1021% Market St., bet. 8th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073V& Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor:
treats all diseases .of the human body; for
past four years at ,115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 6G7 Geary rt-. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po.
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74B-8 Clay st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS — State Prison Supplies — Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of
the Clerk at the State Prison. San Quentln.
until 10:30 a. m .. SATURDAY, the 10th day
of June, 1904. and at the office of the Clerk
of the State Prison at Folsom until 9:30 a.
m SATURDAY, the 25th day of June,
1904. at which times and places they will
be opened In the presence of bidders, for
- furnishing and delivering supplies for sail
prisons, consisting of subsistence stores,
forage, fuel fuel oil, furnishing power to
run the jute mill and electrical appliances
for jute mill at San Quentln. clothlug. med-
icines, lime, cement and other staple sup-
plies, from July 1. 1904. to June 30. 1305, In-
clusive, on conditions as per printed sched-
ules which will be furnished upon applica-
tion at either of the above offices. No bid
will be considered unless made upon said
schedules, cor unless accompanied by the
certified check therein required, nor from
ajay other parties than bona fide dealers In
the classes of articles to be furn'shed. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to
the President of the Board, conditioned that
the bidder will enter Into a contract upon
notice of acceptance, as required by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sep-
arately. All payments made on contract will
be paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules. The Board reserves the
right to reject any or all bids, as the public
interest may require, and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President. J. M.
OLIVER. Cleric
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage. Depot
Quarterniaster'B office, 30 New Montgomery
St., Eon Francisco, California, June 13. 1SKM
—Sealed propose Je., lrOrlnlicate, will be re-
ceived at this office untl! 10 o'clock a. m.,
Monday, June -27. 1904, Pacific Standard Time,
and thsn cpenrd for furnishing at either the
Philadelphia, Boston. Chicago or San Fran-
cisco depots: Pajamas. Buckskin Gauntlet.",
Chambray ShlrtF. Mattresses. Pillows, Pil-
low Cases, Bedeheets. Mosquito Bars and
Trumpets. All to conform to standards and
specifications. . Quantities to be subject to an
increase of 20 per cent,* if desired by the de-
partment. Preference wilt be given to arti-
cles of domestic production and manufacture,
conditions of price and quality being equal
(including in the price of foreign production
and manufacture the duty thereon), and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced
on the Pacific Coast to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
j.art thereof. Information and blanks \or
proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals will be in-
dorsed "Proposals No. 4W5. for Clothing and
Equipage," and addressed to Major C. A.
DEVOL. Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster.
"PROPOSALS for building materials— Office
Depot Quartermaster. GO New Montgomery
St.. San Francisco. Cal.. June 10. l»04 —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, subject to
usual conditions, will be received here until
11 o'clock a. m. (Pacific standard time).
June 20, 1004. and then opened, for furnish-
ing lumber, doors, sash, cement, etc. Pref-
erence will be given to articles of domestic
production or manufacture, condition of price
and quality *belcg equal (Including in the
price of foreign production th* duty there-
on). The .-United States reserves right to
reject or accept any or alt bids or any part
thereof. Blank proposals and further In-
formation furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals should be In-
worsed "Proposals for Building Materials,
No. 4559" and addressed to MAJOR C. A.
i DEVOL. Q. M.. U. S. A.. Depot Quarty-
master. ' * *
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'.IENTS
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO I.RT.
A BEAUTIFUL house of 10 rooms and bath:
fruit trees. liothous;; all open-work plumbing;
t^st location. 1721 &an Antonio ave., near
Chestnut-st. station.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BEnKKl.RV KKAI. KSTATE.
GOOD investments near n*w Santa F«. '¦
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 ft. frontage on track; two
blocks from Berkeley station S2300
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $200
Lot 40x125; mac: within \t, block. $450
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2BuO
Buy where values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
chea? hou(»ee.
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 105rt University ave,, .
Near Sat/ Pablo ave., West Berkeley.
A LOVELY HOME. 8 NICE ROOMS: SOUTH
EXPOSURE: VERY LARGE LOT AND
CLOSE TO BERKELEY STATION: NEW
AND COMPLETE: PRICK ONLY $3000.
JOS. J. MASON.
BE. COR. CENTER AND SHATTUCK AVE..
BERKELEY.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly CalU
• IB. pugeg. In wrapper for milling. $1 per year
FRUITVALE ADV'KT'S'3I'NTS
J'HUITVALE KKAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— $2750; It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third are..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 101« BROADWAY.
UAKLA.VU KKAI. KSTATE.
$200 CASH. $7 50 monthly; ruitlc cottage of 3
rooms, chicken shed; 4 lots, 50x245 feet, all
fenced; Immense grove of shade' trees on
place: Al. sandy loam soil; grand marine and
Hndsrape'vlews; lies high and dry; an ideal
spot: away from fogs and cold winds; cars,
school, church, -town hall and Postoffice near
by. and adjoining East Oakland: price all
told, $C7D. Catl or send for circular, 453 7th
St., opp. Broadway ' station. Oakland: cor-
rlagc free. ; . H. Z. JONES, owner.
WANTED — Building lots In exchange for O.ik-
¦ land business property; value $10,000. Box
SS8. Call office. . - . • .
' OAKLA.NO »'*y i 5jy tT _yHt: _, fUH SAL*.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnl-
. ture. H.Scnellhaaus, 11th st. .cor.store, Oakland.
MEDICAL. — Cnnllnaed.
LAI 'IKS desiring sa.'e, surs anil quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painters azitNreliable; nu failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience in all fe-
rnale disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
_702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
Guaranteed: ao years' experience. 828 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
nate troubles und Irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOS'vi Market St., opp. 5th.
DR. G., W. O'DONNELL— All *ho ari sick or
in trouble consult this specialist /on female
complaints; positively corrected; ttpe unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st. .
SPECIALIST for women; DR. R. h' WES-
TON. office 806 Kearny St.; hours. 10-4, 7-3;
consr.lt a graduate physician; it pays; Irregu-
larities relioved; safe, sure and confidential.
Drs. Ooodwin. 733 Turk, above Van Ness — Ex-
pert In obstetrics, female complaints; Inst.
; relief; ty»atment $10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yrs.ex.
I MRS. D. ALLEN.- 1118 Markets-Reliable ladles'
; specialist ; a private home befcre and during
conflnement; best medical care; low fees.
i MRS. DR. GWTER, having secured lease of
i . premise*. Is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth st-. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
t2. Gleaiton-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny _ Clay.
MATERNITY • Villa — Secluded; confldentlaL
DR. EMILIA FUNKE. 1416 8th St.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN reside* 2995 Folsom St.. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. "BavieS and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1126 . Market.
TO LOAX^j^
aXa^hermak' murphyT"
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save . expense » by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc. legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased/
Courteous treatment. Strictly confldentlaL
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. ' ¦
A reasonable amount on
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, 'town
Low rate of Interest. .'••'•
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
LOWEST BANK RATE.
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
estates In probate, undivided interest in
estates, assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of Interest.
RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery st.
AAA — Interest 6 per cent (read Sunday papers).
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK
..City. Oakland. Town, Country Property..
MANHATTAN LOAN CO (city agents),
107- S Crocker buitdtng— Post-Mark*t *tg.
B ALARY LOANS—
Honey loaned natarled people without secur.
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment-
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott -bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal cr other security: no com.:
fairest rates; ntrtctly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 6$ Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market »t
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
M6 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables, our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton: phone Bush 484.
MONHY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardlng-housc*. without
security: easy payments; large business in
46 principal cltiee. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew.
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4&4.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery St.. rm. 7.'
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HEgTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy: no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loane money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid: Oakland office, 1103 fr Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed r.otes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 14a Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral L^an Bank. 5.T8 Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Saving!. Bank building. 708 Market St.
1% PER cer.t on furniture and pianos; no core.
charged. ELFVING, Cl« Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH leaned salaried people on notes without
InrWspr MORELL. OTl Examiner building.
OVFICKS AMI sTOKfcld TO JL_T.
A SUITE of 4 office rooms, large, sunny, on
Sacramento st., near Montgomery. Apply
to WEISSBEIN BROS. _ CO.
$25— FLOOR space. 25xS0. 906 Harrison st..
r.ear Sixth; will lease.
JESSIE, S<53, east of U. S. Mint— Furnished
roore s $5 and $0; 2 beds $10 per month.
FINISHED basement with sidewalk elevator.
676-3. Valencia St.. nr. Sixteenth:, reasonable
WUSICALIXSTnjUJilEXT^S.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Neubert. new $250. now $60.
Fischer, new $325. now $S5.
Hertz, new $30u. now $67.
Russell, new $385, now $135.
Colby, new $425, now {ISO.
2 Cblckeringf. new $450, now $100, $133.
2 Steinwtjs. new $573. $750. now $183, $325.
Heine, new $575, now VJ33.
And 50 others; squares^fcr next to nothing;
rents $2 up; Installments $4 up; old organs
or pianos taken in exchange; tuning $2, fin-
est workmanship. HEINE PIANO CO., 2.'J5-
237 Geary St.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
AAAAA — FINE assortment of second-hand up-
rights from $40 up, Including such makes as
Chlckering. Vose. Steinway, Steck Knab«.
Mathushek. Sterling, Curtaz. Erard and
many others on easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A SENSATIONAL fire — Storage pianos ar.d
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and burned If not sold In a few days; this
m«ai:s storage pianos and furniture almost
cheaper than fire wood, and must be re-
moved. WMtehead's Storage. 1C36 Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
from: pianos from $30 upward;, our line the
beat, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5C0-64 Hayes st.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale: $S5
STATHAM. 110 McAllister St.
SOHMER,. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecdian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Pott St.
A BEAUTIFUL Steinway upright grand, as
good as new: cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
$1C5 — 6TELNWAY upright: private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
irents. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
S-PEDAL Steinway up; Checkering baby grand;
fhonlr.—T. little us«d. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy at.; phone Polk 4011.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor at., near Geary. Phone Black 561.
SPECIAL XOT1CKB. ~
L. CAMINo'^Tco.. Italian and
Factory. 1051 Montgomery sty wilt hereafter
l.« known as the Alexander Cravlotto & Co.
on and after June 8. 1904, Alexander Cravl-
otto & Co. having purchased all the Interest
of said L. Camlno & Co. . ,
Ladles! Cbichester's English Pennyroyal Puts
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. S-ml 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mail. Aak your druifs'st.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa-
TTPEWKITX IRQ AUTD SUPPXiIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith , Premier. ¦ $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. . The
Typewriting Exchange. 63tl California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
' Uculars of L. - M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. -^
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspee. Co., 608 Market.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Infarm
MASON. «UC— Several newly furnlihed sunnr
rooms; free b-tth^
MCALLISTER. KK>— New molern flat; elec-
tric light*; nicety furnished front suite;
kitchen If deslrtd; also another sonny room;
reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 1342— Sunny front parlor suttef
breakfast If desired; bath; phone Page 104.
MISSION. 2sC2— Nic-ly furn'shed room In pri-»
vste family.
NOE. 254 — Large front room, newly furnlsh«d|
half block frcm Market st. ; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. J32— Nicely furnish-d parlor*;
sunny suite cr single: light hikpg. if desired.
O'FAKRET.L. 437 — Suite of housekeeping
rooms. $14: also other sunny rooms.
O'FARRELL. TO7. crsr Larktn— Nicely fur^
nished sunny corner suite and bath; other
sunny rooms.
.O'FARRELL. 1104— El-gant. n*wly fur-
' nlshed rooms: front. st-1e. rear: sunny: run-
ning water; references exchanged; housej
changed hands -and renovated throughout.
POST. 207— Newly furnished rooms for gentle-
men; baths; references.
POST. SS>. n*ar Hyde— Larg* furnished front
room: bath: gas: for 1 or 2 gents.
POST. 2273. near Devlsadero — Two lovely sun-
ny unfurnished front rooms; rent r^ascnabl*.
POWELL. 10C5 (The Virginia)— A snap: ele-
gant front suite, partly furnished: mtrini
view; runainsr water. *_,
ROYAL House. 129 E!Uj — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, amoking-room an! ladles' par-
lor; room* ter nlsht. 35c to $1 50; week. S3
to $8; month. $3 to $30;«-!evator oa g— <un<l
floor; rooms wlrn hot and cold water: baths.
SIXTEENTH. 2906. near Howard— Newly fur-^
nlzhed sunny rooms; reasonable.
STEINER, 205. corner of Waller — 1 or 2 un-
furnished or furnished rooms; sun all day.
SUTTER. 9S1 — Nicely furnished front rooms:
bath, phone, running water; very cheap.
SUTTER, 1009— Fine furnished rooms, sirgli
or en suite: location suitable for office.
»
THE WESTMINSTER.
614 SUTTER ST.— HANPSOMELY FUR.V-
ISHEE> SUNNY BAY - WINDOW SUITE3.
THE FALMOUTH. 1O43A Market St.— Sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; 12 to 97.
TL'BK. 779— A young couuie wi:r rent tls*
pr»ttlest sunny suite unfur.. new and mod-
ern: no children: reasonable: choice location.
TWENTY- SIXTH. XX*. near Valencta-stre»t
ears — Nicely furnished room to let In private
family, wl-h or without heart, suitable to*
1 cr 2 aentlpmen; call Monday.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 4OJ
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week: elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water la every
room; elevator, read.-roum: free bus: baggagn.
VINE. 107»i — Very large room; stationary stand,
bath, phone; fine location: central.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to $1 50 night: $2 to $3 week: elevator;
elec, lights: reading-room; free bus: baggage.
WOLF Reuse. 202 Sixth st — Rooms frcra 1S«
to $1 per night and from POc to $3 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan * Church sts.
CHKAPEST and best In America— The Week:/
Call. 16 page*, sent to any address In ta»
- United States or Canada one year tor $1.
poetage paid.
BLOOMS AXD BOARD.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NKR OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQUIPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
APPLY TO MR3. G. WINDLB. MANAGER,
• THE WESTMINSTER.
614 SUTTER »T.— HANDSOMELY FURN-
ISHED SUNNY B.VY-WINPOW SUITES:
OTHER ROOMS.
FRANKLIN. «»— Elegant newly furnished,
rooms, en suite or single. In private hous«;
all modern conveniences; first-class table;
choice location; central; reasonable.
SANCHEiC 1241. near Twenty-sixth — Sunnr
front room in private family with board;
suitable for one of two gents; reasonable.
FILLMORE. 1007. NW. cor. McAllister— Larga
sunny bay-window room. bath, with or with-
out hosiM: private family.
GEARY. 1003— Neatly furnished rooms, irlthj
board; home cocking; rear. Phone Setter.
1626.
MARLOWE (The). 138O Post— Newly and ete-l
gantly furnished rooms, single and en suite;
table beard; re— Jonatle: references.
PINE, 109S — New management; nicely fur*
nUhed suites and single rorins; excellent ta-
b:e; private; references. Phone Polk 3001.
WANTED — Chf.d to board. 409A Octavla st,
ELLI3. 453— Nicely furnished, with board; re*«
sonable; also French table beard.
FIRST st.. l'>4 — Furnished front room wttl*
board if desired; reasonable.
FOLSOM. 2612 — Large, sunny front room; goo4
board; $40 per month; for two gentlemen.
GEARY. 501. Hotel L' Alglon — Family rooms
and board; entirely renovated; reas. price*.
HOWARD. S41A — First-class board and room.
; «!sgle or double. $5-$0 wk.; American family.
PACIFIC ave.. 1718, above Van Ness — Large*
sunny rooms; use parlor: excellent board.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tns
United States or Canada one year for It.
postage paid.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
WANTED — By middle-aged man. a larg* well
furnished frcnt room, with use of bath, in)
private family where there are " no other
boarders or roomers: with or without board}
• Slvs particulars. Box 3522. Call office.
BOARD and suite of rooms wanted for maa
and wife; state rates. Box 2137. Call office.
WANTED — Board and rocm for gentleman. $•
per wee_. Box 806. Call office.
PAT-JTTB.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, ut-
tomey-at-law. 8 Hobart btfg.. 533 Market st.
8 E WI5O 3IArtlIXK3 A *D SCPPUES.
THE WHITE, IS KINO.
Best automatic furniture.
Best ball-bearing stand.
Btst vibrator and rotary slrottls.
Best lock and chain stitch.
Best sewing machine on earth.
Best machines at $3.00 per month.
Best machines to rent at $2.00 per mo— t— ,
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO..
Retail offices. 300 Post St.. \
1S41 FllUnore st. and 708 Valencia st.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; bess
is cheapest; second-hand all make* at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tlc offtco. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10. $15. $20: second-
hand. $3. $5. $S: all styles; guaranteed. Sen
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH! DEAFNESS "and NOISES in EAR3
positively cured: new methods: 1 week's treat-
— »nt free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 <tatt— s_
STORAGE AXD W A REHO C S ES.^
A^GILBERT _~STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing shipping warehouse. G. G. and Via
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage it Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored moved, shipped. 7-5-
731 Howard st . nr. Third; phone Orant 16L
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage _ Moving Co.. ct-
flee Post and Fowetl sta.: teL PrtY. Et. »7L
CONKLIJT9 Storage— Furniture and merchsji-
dtse. 33S Golden Gatfc ave.: phone East 12«.
GOLDEN West storage: advances made. M9
Mission «t. : tel. Howard 941. F. W. Ze-fass.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
. pany. 2320 FUlmore St.: phone Jackson 231.
BEKlNS Van a»d Stc~ -ge Co.. 11 Montgomery
"ti.; teL Main 1S4O. Shipping at cut rates.
LE-AL.ADVEHT18K31E.NTS.
ALL persons having accounts »g-ln«t the Una
at Knight Sl Ryan, liquor dealers. Powell ami
Francisco sU.. present same at once for set-
tleir.ent. G. SANTA. "^
STVTTER1XG AXD iT.tMMEK~O.
AT Melfcourne^Instltute, Van Ness * Market.
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system; oaly
Melbourne In U. S-: private: established A
y»axs 1b 3. F. Tel Mist 2CS from 1 to S F.bs»
™ — ¦ _________¦_______________¦___¦_
HOUSES « rtra-fXSHEP--_ TJBURBAg.
FOR rer.t In Milt Valley: furnished 7-roorj
nou*e; bath: hot watT; also furnished tent.
P<r lorf.ru'.arF inquire at 10* Davis tt.
UOISES KIRMSHE1) — KOH SALE.
$oj50— FURNISHED house, P rooms, toilet and
wth; rent $4w; good furniture; Mason, near
Pine. BERG-ARMSTRONG CO.. 318 Kearny.
HOUSES AXD WAGONS.
FOR sale— Pacing mare. $175; 7~y7ars~ol4."very
fan; gentle in every rerpect; fare for wo-
man to drive; will go double. For partlcu-
_ Iars< address box JWO. Call.
3 FINE large horses. 5U vea— old; weight
1400 pounds and 17oO pounds each; perfectly
matched; also others; open to-day. Sunday.
1S54 Folsom ct.. between 14th and 15th.
EXTRA fine camp wagon for sale, with para-
phernalia: alko 10 work and 8 driving
hirees. S75 FoUom st.
AUCTION rale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons. «urrrys. buggies carts and harness; at
1140 Folsotr st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S. F.
FOR fa]e — Bay mare, weight 1100 lbs, works
single or double, $30. 1319 Grove at.
A FIRST-CLASS saddle horse for sale; gentle
and tultablc for a lady. Box 6S«, CalU
FOR sale— A fine saddle hor«e for $45. Box
900. Call office.
PIANO box boggy for sale. Box M9, Calt
LIGHT, cushion-tired road buggy for sale; in
good order. Box &S&. Call office.
FOR rale — Two seoond-band platform spring
wagons and one truck. t33 Beale st.
N T W . " nd 8 *^°nd.hand wagons, all kinds, at
1B15 Market »i. opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES. SMrreyB. buggies, wagon*, har-
r.ess. work and driving hors*«. 15th-Valencla.
I.\ VESTMENTS.
GOOI l« fnVMtn " nt ~ A 1'wlted number of shares
at 25c per share: this stock will be worth
one dollar <»1) per share witntn a year;"calt
i c * write Osceola Mining and Development
Company. 414 Croesley Htlldlng. 8. F.
LOST AXD FOOD.
LOFT— A silver watch and fob on 8acram ento
rt., between Cherry st. and Central ave.
Please return to • O. C. SIMONEAU. 1433
Ptockton st.. and receive reward.
¦
LOPT— Scotch Collie dog from Tw er.ty-flrst and
Folsom sts. Liberal reward offered for re-
turn to 712 Photwell *t.
LOST— Puree at Key's Oyster-hou— . 1IJ» Eddy
*t. Return 468 Waller St.; reward.
LOST — Class pin. "C. S. R.. '98"; reward. 721
Turk st.
LOST — On road between Sausallto and Mill
Valley. Masonic charm. Return to room 25,
40 Ellis et.. and receive liberal reward.
FOUND — Punday, purse with money; Mount
Ollvrt Cemetery. C. ANDEREGGEN. Colmaj
care of Imsand.
POUND — On Market rt., Saturday night, a
rurse containing money. Pox 35fi2. Call.
LA-jrcixs ros _a__
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaelis Launch Co..Unlon-et. Wharf; boat-
inr * *xccT?i~s. 6 Pteuart *t.: tel. John 2<Wfl.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK* ~~
Repair It with elsterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
r-'Cs no painting or coating; good over o!d
iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market tt.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. .bought sold,
rented and exchanged ;. see Sunday paper*.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale »t.
PAINT your old and new metal and sbing!*
reefs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to step all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Frcnt st.: tel Main 142S.
H. B. SMITH mortlcer heavy; Fay gig saw; 5
spindle boring machine heavy; 10 cpindle
boring machine. Berkeley Planing Mill.
Berkeley.
A — FINE FUlts. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 2.TS Kearny «..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rent* gear machinery, en-
glr.ee, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A— 50 BARRELS of bonded whisky for sale;
email or large lots. United Loan and Trust
Co., 21 Stockton st.
GENTS" full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton rt. .
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
snutll weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton et.
J. COOPER, gents' ful!-dre«s rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.,
upstairs- «*"
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny Bt., near
Pine; cpen to 9 p. m.T Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and (1 SO pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid. : catalog free.
(SECOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dla-
monds bought; send postal; will call. New
Municipal Loan Office. C17 Washington st.
PIPE. 2nd-hand. 3. 4 and 0 inch, for wat*r
work*. Irrigating or oil plants. THOMPSON.
4'i Main st.
HEADQUARTERS for novelties: celebrations
acd carnixali. M. NEWMAN. 307 5th st-.S.F.
LAUNCH liuntirz cabin fcr sale. C. A. Mc-
NEAL LAUNCH CO.. foot Clay st.
ALASKA seal coat: 3S bust; good as new; a
map. Box S328. Ceil office.
FOR sale — Elegant electric bath cabinet; reas-
onable. Electric Works, 227 Ellis st.
FOR sal*— At 5M Fourth st., 10x12 wall tent,
bicycle and saddle.
A BARGAIN: 7- Inch three-tone steam siren;
good ss new. Bex 2072, Call offlae.
Deslc sale this week only, 20 per cent off regu-
lar prices. Richardson Bros.. 1816 Market st.
FOR sale cheap — 1-year-old genuine Bt. Ber-
nard dog at 1600 San Bruno road. -"'. ~
BEST white lead 7c per pound; to painters
less. BUTCHER. 741 Mission st.
AWNINGS, tents.new.second-hand. SUN TENT
_- AWNING CO.. 42 Spear St.; tel. John 6466.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT &. AWNINQ CO..85 Mkt.Tel. Bush 858.
PIGEONS— All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON", office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition. 31
vols. KING'S. 61 McAllister at., nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Badgalupl.
moved to 7&C Mission st. ¦
BOUND camping tents for sale: cheap: some
new: 10x16. 319 Third Ft.: tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on se<-ond-hand. typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
SAFES and cash regicters. new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, I to '
12 b. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck tt Co., 122 Mkt.
SAFES- New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargaina Dullard _ Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New find second-hand. E. "B. BECK
* CO.. 122 Market et.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold. eeal.-Oclna, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
ncstal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS, 25 j
Stockton st.
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladies' and
gcauf castoff clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis t.25; <i50 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th at.; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged ~T.~~D.
McCarthy Co.. 7S2 Mission; phone Bush 467.
medical:
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
tuld; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur"*
cyrlnge and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. O6GOOD BROTH-
ERS wholesale druggist*. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. .
LADIES' lrregolarltles cured: 18 rears' ex.*
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny it."Celebration at Tahiti.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Marlposa will carry a large number of pas
sengers for Tahiti when she. leaves hers July
2 on her next trip. The Island of Papeete, of
which Tahiti Is the capital, belongs to France,
and July 14 natives and French officials will
celebrate the fall of the BaMlle on a large
scale. This will be the first time since the
establishment of the steamship lln<» between
here and Tahiti that the Maripota's stay at
the South Sea port has coincided with the
French celebration and many people from all
over the United States are going to take ad
vantage of the coincidence. This celebration
Is always a great occasion for the natives and
the visitor at that time will see the South Sea
aborigine in all his primeval Individuality.
Natives from the Islands of the Pomotu group
will participate In the festivities. One. feature
will be a big water carnival In which a huge
navy of ancient and modern canoes will | par
ticipate. Side by side with the newest and
most gorgeous canoe of some up-to-date dusky
dandy will float the war canoe of a hundred
years ago, and with them will be every type
of canoe used by the Islanders for several gen
erations On shore there will be weird native
ceremonies of a character that will Interest the
student of Island life.
More than fifty people have hooked passages
on the Marlposa which on this trip will carry
an orchestra. The Marlposa will reach Ta
hiti July Vi, the day before the celebration.
Sixty Per Center Arrives.
The British ehip Leyland Brothers, which
was. quoted for reinsurance at 60 per cent,
arrived yesterday at Sallna Cruz. 141 days
from Newcastle, Australia. As ¦ the Leyland
Brothers was. loaded with coal, grave fears
were felt for her safety. • Only about $1500
was Invested on her by local speculators, .who
were about evenly divided In their opinion as
to the vessel's chances.
The Italian ship'Laura, Is out 135 days from
Newcastle. Australia, for Tocopitla and the
rate of reinsurance on her was advanced yes
terday to 90 per cent. The .other overdues are
quoted as follows: Crown- of Germany. 25
per cent: Wynford, 15 per cent; Jateopolts,
Queen Elizabeth. \a nochefoucalrt, Largo Law
and Willy Rlckraers, 7 per cent. '
Water Front Notes.
The steam schooner National '- City arrived
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. 8" N.. Mer.
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
June. 13. 1004.
The TIbm Ball on the tower of the Ferry
bulldlcs was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
* e.. tit noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J.- C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in chare*.
Successful men know whaa mot to
tempt failure
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, June 13.
Stmr State of California, Nlcolson, 41 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Dc-1 Norte, Payne. 30 hours from Cres 1 
csnt City.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen, 13 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr National City. Hammar. 26 hours from
Eureka, via Fort Bragg 22 hours, with barge
Tidal Wave In tow from Fort Bragg.
Stmr Greenwood. Walvlg, hours from
.to . up river direct.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, CtiVj hours from Port
land, via Astoria '42V6. hours.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson, 17 hours from Eu
reka. • .
Stmr San Pedro, Rasmussen, 25 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr F. A. Ktlburn, Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rodcers.
Stmr Argo. Dunham, 28 hours from Eel
River.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Bonlta, Preble. 62 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 6 hours from Point
Reyes. :
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 3 hours from Bo
linas. '
Barge Tidal Wave, Johnson. 22 hoars from
Fort Bragg; in tow of stmr National City.
CLEARED.
Monday, June 13.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepson. Victoria, B.
C; P C S S Co. .
Br ship Marathon, Davles, Liverpool, via
Westport ; Port Costa Milling Co.
SAILED. {
, . Monday, June 13.
. Stmr Newburg, Anflndeen. Grays Harbor.
Btmr. Maggie, Corning, Half moon Bay.
Stmr F. A. Kllburn, Jahnsen, Port RodgertJ.
Stmr San Pedro, Rasmussen, Port Los An
geles. £J
Stmr Gualala, Panzer. Bender Landing.
Schr Onward. Thomas. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 13, 10 p. m.— Weather
thick: .wind NW; velocity M miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
May 17— In lat 1* S. long 33 W. ship Shen
andoah. from Baltimore, for San Francisco.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
Movements of Jsteamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. June It
Porno P.ifnt Arena & Albion. IJune It
S.Monica Grays Harbor IJune 15
Eureka Humboldt IJune 15
Umatllla l-uset Sound Par** IJune 1.1
S.Barbara... San Pedro IJune 15
American.... New York {June 16
San Jose New York via Panama. {June 16
Corona Humhuldt June 1G
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. June 16
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Pts. June 16
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. June 17
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria June 18
R. Dollar ; Redondo June IS
Argo Eel River Ports June IS
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor June 10
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma June In
Alliance Portland & Way Ports June 10
Pomona Humboldt IJune 19
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor IJune 19
Luxor Hamburg & Way Ports! June 20
State of Cal.. Son Diego & Way Pts. | June 20
Queen Puget Sound Ports June 20
Al?.meda. ... . Honolulu June 21
Korea China & Japan June 21
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. June 21
Rainier ' Seattle & Bellingham. . June 21
North Fork Humboldt June 22
Nevadan 'Honolulu & Kahului. . June Ti
City Panama. ; New York via Panama. June 23
Columbia I Portland & Astoria |June 23
TO SAIL. '¦ <
Steamer, j Destination. J Sails. I Pier.
i J uae' i.*. 1
Samoa • Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Elizabeth... Coquille River 6 pm Pier 20
Argo r;el River Ports... 4 pm Pier > 2
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Juae 15. j
S. Barbara. .Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Breakwater Cooa Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
S. Monica... L03 Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Pomona Humboldt l:3opPler U
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
June 16.
Bt.n'ta Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Ventura.... Sydney &. Way Pta. 2 pm Pier 7
Jeaule Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland It cmlPier 24
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
State of Cal San DIoko & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Porno Pt. Arena it Albion 6 pm Pier 3
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Jons 17. I •
Eureka |Humboldt | 9 am|Picr 18
Jon* 18. ! i
Corona Humboldt |1:30p|Pier 9
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
City Peking. N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Jivne 19. _
S. Rof *....¦. San Diego & Way.l 9 am|Pier 11
Umatllla... Pug'et Sound Ports. Ill amll'ier 9
Jane 20. I |
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.! 9 am|Pier 11
Jons 21.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2*
Alliance.... Eureka St Coos B. 5 pm Pier IS
Jon* 32.
Coptic China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
June 23. j
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor...... ...... Pier —
June 24.
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
' FROM SEATTLE. ;
Steamer. , For. I Sails.
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. | June 14
Valencia Nome & Solomon June 14
City Seattle.. Skagway U Way Ports. June 15
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet A Way Pts. June 16
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports. June 16
Spokane....*.. Skagway A Way Ports. June 21
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. June 21
Oregon Nome A St. Michael. . June 25
Victoria Nome & "Way Ports... June 29
The steamer Newport, which sailed on Sat
urday fdr Panama and way ;wts, carried a
erneral merchandise cargo valued at $12:>.!)41.
to be distribute^ as follows: For Central
America. *:M.0<i7: Mp>(po. *1150; Panama.
**i«4: New York. JSS.MC; Colombia. $120:
Ecuador. $205; Germany, |2G0O. The leading
exforts were as follows:
To Central America— 2H37 bbls flour. 2029
lb» meaU. 15 cs bread, HH gals 25 cs whisky,
l!>09 gals 46 cs wine. 21 SO lbs spices. 49 pkgs
paste, 245 c* assorted canned good?. 4*J cs
canned salmon. 407 lbs ham and bacon, 786
Ib.- r> c» raisins. 82 pkgs table preparations.
41 pkgs groceries and provisions, II c* mineral
water. 1020 lbs drjeti fruit. .10.000 lbs rice.
UfK> lbs codfish. 453 lb« cheese. 250 pkgs pota
toes, 10 pk»5 onions, 40,ni;5 ft lumber. IS bbls
30 cs oil* 1ft bxs candles, 5$ flanks quick
silver, 'J2J0 lbs cyanide of potaoh. 5>Vj; Jbs
tallow, }<" pes 7 Ik31s stesl and iron. 7 b.ile.8
leather, 114 pkgs paint*. fi<>00 lbs «2 bbls
cement. 10 Mis !(>« pes tank material, 10 pkirs
dry goods. 02 pkgs machinery, 8 cs fuse, 250
kegs powder. —
To Mexico— 27'H) ft lumber, 443 bdls f*hooks,
4 kegs nails, 5 pkgs machinery, 4 cs firearms.
To Panama— 250 bbl« flour 1 . 2S.500 lbs rice.
2100 srals wine, fl'.'t lbs dried fish, 100 crts
potatoes, 5 bbls salmon, 48 colls rope. 4 pkgs
machinery. <• pkjts acid.
To New York — 100.C22 gals wine. 22.244 lbs
dry hides. 170,150 lbs wool, 38.14 lbs paris
green, 4OO.32H lbs pig lead U4.350 lbs asphai
tuni, 2 pkgs machinery, 131 gals brandy.
To f Ecuador — 50 bbls flour.
To/ Germany — 60 eks concentrates and SO
bbls shells.-
The Newport's Cargo.
The British rliip Marathon was cleared yes
terday for Liverpool via Wotstport with 25.350
bbls flcur valued at $K>7.750. 14.0KO ctls wh«at
valued at ?17.i)5O and 7022 ctls barloy valued
at J!>1W. The vessel also carried 30,000 Icet
lumber as dunnage, valued at $450.
Brcadstuffs for Great Britain.
The barkentlne Makawell :s not chartered
f&r lumber from Pugft Sound to Sydney, -as
previously reported.
The bark Challenger, on Puget Sound, is
•-bartered for lumber, thence to Sydney, at
3:t* Vd; German shin Henriette, also on Pu;et
Sound, same business to Port Plrie at 35s lid,
shattered prior to arrival.
Matters of Interest to .Mariners and
Shipping .Merchants.
NEWS OV THE OCEAN.
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..194 2C0 I Presidio 40'» —
Geary ••>••• — W) |
Giant 60% 61 | Vlgorit .....— S
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 15c 1 Kllauea. S C. — 4
Hawaii! n C. 50 SO^tMakaweli C. 21V4 22
Honokaa S C 1^ 12 i Onomea S C. 24 27'i
Hutch S P C &% 9 (Paauhau S C. 13 13t»
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.138 137 V,\ Oceanic S Co. 4U —
Cal F C A. — 004! Pac Aux FA. 5 «
Cal Wine A. 89^ 81 I Pac C Borx. 137^158
MVi MtTm.100 — I
Moraine Session.
Board—
30 Oceanic S S Co 4 50
*3.0CO Oakland Transit 5 per cent 111 2.1
$2,000 Spring Valley tt per cent 105 25
Strt-et — * V
90 Oceanic 5 S Co ? 5<>
$3,000 Edison L & P 6 per cent 124 O>
S2.C0O Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent. 119 5i»
$2,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 0<* 3t>
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$3,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per cent. 107 25
$B,000 Spring Vall«y 8 per cent 105 25
$1,000 Spring Valley 4s <2d mtge) JW SO
$1,000 United States Ss (coupon) 105 75
Street —
40 Oceanic S S Co 4 30
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.) Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 8a. 89Vi M4:9 P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s.. — 112 ISP Co 4Ht. 09 — •
I M C Wat 59.100 — Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
Ris I Wks6« — tOT^i! Do 3s . — 1C5
SF Drdk 5a — m>*jSuttr-*t RSs.lftt 113
SF A NP 8a. — 111%|UR of SF 4s. IS", ia'i
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — . 30 I Mat Nav Co. — JK>
Amer Bis Co. — 90 Nev Nat Bk.lSO 20<>
Cal Cot Mils 8O 87 I N S R R Co. »i; —
I Cal GAECor. 43 50 | N Cal P Co. — 11
( Cal Powder.. — 150 lOak Bk Sav.ll2S —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 I Oak T Cnn.. 75 —
Cal T I & T.115 — I IQOF Hall A « —
Cen Bk Oak — 65 Orpheum Co. — 13*i
Chute* Co .. — 7tji!PacC Cas Co. 123 —
City & C Bk — 112 I Vac S T*l..ir.rt —
Cyp L Imp.. 6=»i — I Paraf Paint.. :i* —
East Dynm.. — 230 S F Dryrtock «» -
DpntPwJ pfd — W) ISF&SJ Coal. 25 3^>»
Do com .. — BO |S J Wat Co. — IMS
FN Bk Oak. 120 — ISO ft MTnbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr 75c — I Swiss- A Bk.U5 —
Frnch-A Bk.lCfl — Truck Elect.. 11 12'i
Ga« Con A.. — 22 IR InC pfd. 4rt', —
Hono P Co.. U — Do com ... 9 —
Lon& SF Bk — e<>
California Slock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Ask<"l.
Apollo *«
, Associated Trust Certlcates. 1H 3>
I Caribou 3 23 4 IT.
Chicago Crude 20
Claremont 65 •••-
Four 7O
Giant 15
' Han ford 130 CO
Home 145
Imperial IS w>
Independence -'¦
Kern River 10 00
Lion Cl
Monarch (of Arizona) 40
Monte Cristn 65 ....
Occidental of W Va 05 l'>
Oil City Petroleum 37 «1
I Peerless 12 75 13 37'i
Reed Crude 1 ?/>
1 Sovereign S3 ....
Sterling 2 60
Superior 04 ....
Thirty-three 8 25
Toltoc 21
Twenty-eight 8 2."»
i Kern Oil (new) 10
1 Miscellaneous —
California Jockey Club 125 CO
Chutes Company J W>
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 7 f0
\ Fischer's Theater «5
Northern Cal Power 11 25
Paraf fine Paint 39 00 ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
500 Superior 04
i 300 Claremont ••• 65
Afterncon Session.
14K) Associated •• 19
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the nales on the San Fran-
Cisco Stock ami Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
20O Belcher 271 2C0 Ophir 4 25
! 60O Bullion 141 20l» Ophir ...<M
2CO Challenge Con 15 2l>O Overman S-S
I 3CO Con C & Va.l :'.5| 200 Seg Belcher .. (•»
, ICO Gould & Cur. Z~A 10O Union Con .. 44
' 20f' Justice •".«.: 20O Yellow Jacket. 25
j 100 Mexican 1 25; 50 Yellow Jacket. Zi
' ¦ Afternoon Session.
1 200 Belcher 27! 200 Potosl 13
100 Belcher 28! 200 Savage 1»
100 Hale & Norc. 721 300 Union Con .. 47
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sa:e» on the Paciflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Alpha 14[ 100 Mexican ...I 27i-i
100 Alpha 13| ISO Ophir 4 '.5
lOO Caledonia ... 77| 30 Ophir 4 27»i
COO Con C & Va.l 30| 10O Ophir 4 2'>
3OO Crown Point. 16! 200 Overman SO
20OO Justice («! 1 W» Savage 2O
• SCO Mexican ...1 32>*il 100 Sierra Ney .. 40
I 700 Mexican 1 30| SCO Silver Hill . . *S
Afternoon Session.
2C0 Mexican 132! tiCO Potosi 13
100 Mexican 1 200 Silver Hill .. 43
200 Overman 29|
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco' and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
SCO Esperanza ... 02| 350 Mont Ton 2 «>5
2000 Gold M Con. ft.'; 13UO Mom Ton... 2 02',
ldOO Gold M Con. 01|li.C«> Rescue 0»
TOO MacXamara . So | HOC Rescue lu>
2CO MacNamara . 34iltifX> Ton Belmont. . 6S
7000 MacNamara . 4»|lOOOTon Midway.. M
, 2500 MacNamara . 251
Afternoon Session.'
1000 Brunswick .. 151 lOu Mont Ton... 2 C2«i
2500 Esperanza ... 0^1 ICC Mont Ton 2 15
10<sO Gold M Con. 01|12(;0 Mont Ton.. .2 fc7'»
10* Little Ton ... 371 1C<h) Ray & O'Brien Pi
V •""• MacNamara . 4h| too* Ton Cold M. 11
7675 MacNamara . 4>|UUCU Ton Gold M. 15
GO<0 MacNamara . &*l
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAT. June 13—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask.| Bld.Ask.
Alpha 12 t4i Justice. 07 1.9
Al ta 0« OXtKentuck OU f-i
Andes 1?> HI Kcyen Graes.. — 1 2»
Belcher 27 2$t Lady Wash .. — t«
Beet &. Bc!ch.l 20 1 3.M Mrxtcan 1 .50 1 :;-,
Bullion 13 14!(Jcridental ... 7U M
Caledonia ... 71 74! Ophir 4 15 4 V3
Challenge Con 14 1« Overman »: -••.»
Chollar 12 14! Potosl 12 II
Confidence ... 05 1 H>| Scorpion 17 »¦>
Con C & Va.l 30 1 35' Savage i:> 2O
Con Imperial. 01 C2jS«g Belcher .. Ort !¦>
Con NY 03 04', Sierra Nev ..33 u
Crown Point. IB 17! Silver Hill .. Vt O
East Sierra N C8 — I St T.oui«i 0«> 10
Eureka Con.. — 50| Syndicate .... 03 C4
Exchequer .. 42 44| Union Con .. 4H w
Gould & Cur. 2T» 24 1 Utah 15 1*
Hale & Norc. 72 73| Yellow Jacket. 25 27
jull» W> 101
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask.1 Bld.Aa!«.
Colehan — 0.1 Ray Ton .... 11 — .
Esperanza ... 02 03. Re»cue OS —
Gold Anchor. — 20! Ton Belmont.. C3 7'»
Gold M Con. 01 021 Ton Cash Boy — VS
Hannapah M. 25 —(Ton Exten .. 05 1 05
Jim Butler... 51 — [Ton & G W.. — vi
Little Ton ... 36 ">!Ton Gold M.. — IS
Lucky Tom.. — C3!1on Midway.. 39 4'»
MacNamara . 48 5O»Ton of Ner.8 87*, 9 (O
Mlzpah Ex .. 10 —I Ton N Star.. 27 :w>
Mont Ton.. 2 07 H 2 10! Ton A Salt L 50 JH>
Paymaster ... — - 101 United Ton . . — C3
Ray & O'Brien 06 «|
*" {•
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th»
Superintendent.
NOTE— Tbe high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission -street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: th« height
of tide Is the same at both places. ; -.
TUESDAY. JUNE 14 : ~~
Sun rises *-47
Suq sets 7:a
Moon seta $:12 p. m.
O iTlmel (Tlmel Tlmel ITIme
• I— — Ft. I — ¦— I Ft. Ft. f Ft.
g llTwi IH Wl L Wj |H W
14 5:44— 1.0!12:37| 4.815:20 2.8:il:2S| 9.9
15 6:29—1.011:42 4.8 «:20 2.»i .
H W L W IH \v |U Wl
16 0:13 5.7! 7:151— O.»| 2:27 4.9| 7:15j 2.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
«ie early morning tides are given In the left
.land column and th« successive tides of th*
day In the order of occurrence as to time- tb«
fourth tlm« cdluran gives the last tide of th*
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are la
• ddltion to th« soundir.gs of the United State*
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtractei from the depth given by
tbe charts. Tbe plane of reference la the mean
of th« lower low waters.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 12— Stmr Alliance,
hence Ji'ne 7.
Arrived June 12— Stmr Whiltler. from San
Fianclsco.
Sailed June 12— Schr Alpha, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived June 13 — Stmr Aberdeen, hence
June 0.
Arrived June 13 — Stmr Asuncion, hence
June 10.
Arrived June 13 — Stmr George W. Elder,
hence Jure U.
: .EUREKA— Arrived June 13— Stmr Corona,
j hence June 12; stmr Iau.ua. hence June 12.
j Arrived June 13 — Stmr Eureka, hence Jun«
12: stmr Phccnix. hence June 11.
Sailed. June 13 — Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA — Sailed June 13 — Br stmr Hyson,
for Liverpool, via YokoTiama and Hongkong.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 12— Stmr Dirigo.
from Skagway: stmr Queen, hence June 0.
Sailed June 12— rStmr Tamplco, for Nome.
Arrived June 13 — Stmr City of Seattle, from
Skasway.
BALLARD — Arrived June 13 — Schr Colum
bia, trnm t^nn Pedro.
REDONDO— Arrived June 13— Stmr Bee.
from Kurt ka. t
Arrived June 13 — Stmr Prentis», hence Junn
11.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 13— Ger
bark Hi nrlt tte. irora Santa Rosalia.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed June 13 — Schr Ludlow.
for Port Townsend.
Sailed June 13 — Stmrs Pasadena and stmr
Marshneld. for Eureka.
TATOOSH— Passed fn June 13— Stmr San
Mateo. hence June S, for Tacoraa. Passed out — '
Stmr UmatlUa. from Victoria and Puget Sound
ports, for San FrancTsco.
Passed in June 13 — Stmr Montara. hence
June !>. for Seattle.
ABERDEEN — Arrived June 13 — Schr Fred
E. Sanders, from l.'mpqua.
Sailed June 13 — Stmr Santa Monica, for San
Pedro.
UHirQUA— Arrived June 13— Schr Lucy,
from San PcJro. •
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed June 13— Stmr
b'anta Rrea, for San Diego.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived June 13^ — Schr
Fretl K. Sander, from San PeUro. •
Sailed June 1? — Stmr Olympic, for San ]
Francisco; stmr Santa Monica, for San Pedro. (
Arrived June 13^ — Stmr G. C. Llndauer, hence 1
June 9. >
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed June 13— Schr Ida
Schnauer. for San Francisco. '
COOS BAY — Arrived June 13^ — Stmr Arcata. |
hence June 9.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Arrived June 11— Stmr Man
churia, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 11— Ship Ken
nebec, from Montevideo.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed June 12— Ship James
Drummond, for Port Townsend.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CHERBOURG— Arrived June S— Fr ship
Biarritz from Shields, for San Francisco.
LONDON— Arrived June 12— Br stmr Ty- j
deu?, from Tscoma. ;
VALPARAISO— Arrived Apr 30— Br bark ;
Fa«s of Brander, from Tacoma. 1
ANTWERP— Sailed June 10— Br ship Peter j
Iredalr. for San Francisco; Br stmr Machaon, •
for Puset Sound, via Liverpool. j
YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 10— Br atmr Em
press of China for Vancouver.
PALINA CRUZ — Arrived Jun« 13 — Br thip
Leyland Brothers, from Newcastle, Aus.
AUCKLAND— Arrived June 13. noon — Stmr
Sonoma, hence May 26.
SAMARANO— Sailed June 11— Br stmr Cru
sader, for Vancouver.
LEITH — Sailed June 11 — Fr bark La Tour
d'Auverirne. for Seattle.
MAZATLAN— Sailed June 10— Stmr City of
Sydney, for Panama. June 11 — Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco; Ger «tmr Luxor, for San
Francisco.
Arrived June 4 — Schr General Banning, hence
Mar 20.
SYDNEY — Arrived June 10 — Bktn Amaranth,
from Tacoma. Ju,n« 11 — Schr Matthew Tur
ner, from Tacoma.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived June 13 — Stmr Ham
burg from Hamburg. Southampton and Cher
burg: stmr Anchorla. from Glasgow; stmr
Minneapolis, from London.
Arrived June 13— Stmr Zeeland, from Ant
werp.
Arrived June 13— Stmr Heligoland, from Co
penhagen and Chrlstlansand; stmr Rotterdam,
from Rotterdam, via Boulogne, passed Nan
turket lightship at 3:4R p m. .
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 13— Stmr
Bremen, tor New York.
Arrived June 13 — Stmr Germanic, from J>ew
York via Cherbourg.
BREMEN— Arrived June 1J— Stmr Grosser
Kurfurst. from New York, via Plymouth and
NAPLES— Sailed • June 13— Stmr Perugia,
for New York.
Arrived June 12— Stmr Canoplc. from Boston,
via Marseille* etc.
HAMBURG — Arrived June 13 — Stmr Moltke,
from New York, via Plymouth.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed June 13 — Stmr Petri
cla for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 10— Stmr Em
press of China (from Hongkong), for Vancou
ver H C.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Juna 13 — Stmr
Noordland. from Liverpool.
Cabin passenjreia— John McClellan, Webb C.
Hayes F. J. B*hr. Judge C. A. Galbralth, Mrs.
C. A.' Galbralth. Mrs. H. H. Williams. Mrs.
Fred F. Ingram and two children, F. M. Cald
well, J. B. Gorman.
Among the passengr-rs was Rev. II.
Spickler, a Baptist minister, who has
been making a tour of the world on a
bicycle. lit left Upper Alton thr-^e
years ago ai.d has visited many lands.
He was .it Delhi during the Durbar
ceremonies and was in Rome when
Pope Leo died. He was held up and
robbed cf provisions by brigands ju_u
outside of Jrr'cho. Fe took no mon?y
with him, but managed to get along
all right with the aio of his bicycli;
and a HU'.e Yankee ingenuity.
The traniytrt Bufovd is due to-mor
row.
The Logan's r-o.*«nps rs included the
following:
H. G. Sharp. Major W. O. Owen. B. H.
Wells, Nohle H. Creager. J. N. Kllllan. I. W
1-tonard, John T Axton. Augustine Mclntyrc"
Jesse G. Lansion. W. 1. Westervelt. George
K. Kumrif, Joh" »''^n H " l P^. L L 'ir '"
Geer. W. J. nuttRonbach. E. R. West, C.
Emery Hathaway. Thomas E. Cathro, Robert
K. Brooks. Roy E. Stoneburn. J. W. Love.
P.. B. Halley William C. Grlswo'd, • .T. W.
Thornton. Mrs. James F. Wide. Mrs. II. G.
Sharp*-, Mr«. W. H. Corbusler. Mrs. G. M.
WVIIp and two rhlldren, Mrs. B. H. Wells anj
two children. Mrs. R. C. Croxton. Mrs. I. W.
Lconarrl and four children. Mrs. W. M. Whit
man, Mr*. C. C. Gw, Mrs. J. W. Thornton,
Mrs. Black. Miss F. Black. R. F. Rumpff,
William Payne-, R. K. Brooks, E. A. Sear
*nn an-1 duURhtT. II. Klllikelly. D. D. Cal
vert. Hubert t^indey, F. X. He.nc, C. C.
Browrr. D. B Dodge. Mlrs L. Home. Mrs.
Ebhlinjr. W. A. Roberts. J. A. Scott. Mrs. .1.
A. Scott. Mrs. B. B. Swllllntr, F. V. French.
S> 11. Chambers Mrs. S H. Chambers and
baby, H. M. Garllngrton. W. D. Green, George
P. tftovall. C. E. Currier. Samuel B. Wilson.
W. S. Bunting J. A. Morgan, A. W. McClel
land. M. V V. Hill. R. Orlmsley. A. N. Walton,
Thomas Cody. W T. Merahon, P. J. Welmer.
S. n. Klntz. L. Godrtard. W. F. Norrls, Mrs.
W.. F. Norrls Allss Ncrrls. A. F. Ward. .Mrs.
O. F. Fisher, Mrs. S. V. Graham, D. C. Me
iKmgal. R. S. Hooker. Mrs. R. S. Hooker and
baby, Mn>. Keys, J. Schunduaggies. S. P. Joce
lvn. Mrs. S. I*. Jocelyn, two daughters and
son: Thomas R. Adams, E. M. Leary. J. V.
Kunzlk, A. M. Wllklns. W. T. Hume, Mrs.
W. S. Whlttcd. Miss Hilda. Houghton, Miss
Vrorhf.es, J. Barneson.
The army transport Logan. Captain
Sttnson. which arrived Sunday night
from Manila, passed quarantine early
yesterday morning and br noon was at
her berth alongside Folsom-street
wharf. Her voyage across the Pacific
was uneventful, fine weather being en
joyed throughout the passage.
}j The troopship brought 123 cabin pas
sengers, 351 t rlisted men, 39 discharged
soldiers, 22 civilla:.?; in the steerau«
and 23 general , pi isoners. Captain
James Barneson, former command'.':
of the transport Warren, returned
from the Orient on the Logan.
yesterday from Eureka and Fort nraR* with
the barge Tidal Wave In tow. The National
C!ty brought 8(3.000 feet of lumber and oa
the barge was »;G0,000 feet.
The Pacific Mail Company's new liner Man
churia Captain Saunders. which Is on her way
here from New York, arrived Saturday at Nor
folk. Va.
The freighter Algoa was moved yesterday
from Gre<-nn-Ich-street wharf to the Pac.flc
Mall wharf.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Sp
noma arrived yesterday at 'Auckland.
The American ship Kennebec. Captain Lane,
arrived Saturday ac New York from Monte
video.
The San Jotse and Luxor left Mazatlan Sat
urday for this port.
BRITISH SHIP LEYLAND BROTHERS, WHICH WAS QUOTED FOR REINSURANCE AT CO PER CENT BUT WHICH AR
RIVED YESTERDAV AT SALINA CRUZ, 141 DAYS FROM NEWCASTLE, AUSTRALIA. SHE WAS LOADED WITH
COAL AND GRAVE FEARS WERE FELT FOP. HER SAFETY.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pace Fifteen.
street. 123:8 W of Polk, W 22:11 by N 127:8%;
Abner Doble to Daniel Meyer,- lot commenc
ing 81:6 W of Polk street and 31 S of Clay.
W 1:5 by S 78:6: $10.
Allen St. J. Bowie to Max Hornleln, lot on
W line of Polk street, 31 S of Clay. S 78:6 by
W 8:10; $10.
Rebecca. Mathews to Rebecca E. Mathews,
lot on N line of Sutter at., 125 W of Lyon, W
C0:0% by N 137:6; $10.
Hugo P. and Mead Frear to Abble J. Fraser
(wife of Daniel 8.), lot on K line ot De Long
street. 396 S of Frederick, 8 20 by E 85; $10.
Charles W. Taber to Charlotte M. Taber,
lot on K line of Page street, 26 E of Ashbury,
E 25 by N 82:6: gift.
Jules A. and Mary Harder to Christian Hol
tum, lot on 8 line of Frederick street, 276 B
of Stanyan. E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Angela R. de Sickavlzza to Christobal Sieka
vi*za. undivided half of lot on N line of Beu
lah street. 181:3 E of Stanyan, K 25 by N
137:6: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Monroe
Greenwood Estate Company lot on NE corner
of Jackson and Maple streets, E 200. N 170,
SW to Maple, S to beginning; $ -.
. Ernest D. and .tennk' B. Chlpman (Green
wood) to W. F. Williamson, lot on NE corner
of Jackson and Maple streets, E 50 N 150, SW
to Maple street. S to beginning; $10.
Monroe Greenwood Kstate Company to same,
. lot on NE corner of Jackson and Maple streets,
, E 50. N 160. SW to Maple.etreet, S 150; $10.
1 Daniel k: and Mary E. Hall to Homer S.
Bod ley. lot on N line of Fifteenth street, 75 E
of Church, E 25 by N 85; $10.
Adolph Petry to Anna Petry. lot on W line
of Sanchez street, 100 S of Thirteenth, 8 33:6
by W 150; gift. >
; Henrietta L. LJklns to Charles von der
I Kuhlen. lot on N line of Sixteenth street, 175
I E of Castro, E 25 by N 115; $10.
Lloyd O. Bruckart to James Brown, lot en
NE corner of Twenty-first and Diamond streets.
E 250, N 422:6, W 125, S 100, W 125, S
322:6; $10.
Margaret Sprott to E. V. Cowell lot on W
line of Collingwood street, 272:6 S of Nine
teenth. S 27:0 by W 125; $10.
Maria A. Doughty to George F. Blanken
1 ship, lot on E line of I^eavenworth street. 115
! N of Jackson. E 115 by N 22:6- $10.
Jennie C. Wilson to Emlle rioesch. lot on
SE line of Jessie street, 309 SW of First, SW
3t5 by SE 87:6; $10,000.
Robert. C. and Isolene A. Cottingham to
Helen C. Roach, lot on NE line of Harriet
street. 76 SE of Bryant. SE 25 by NE 75: $10.
j ' Joseph F. and Annie T. Dwyer to Emll G.
Betnhardt. lot on.NW line of Minna street.
65 NE of Eighth. NE 20 by NW 80; $10.
Margaret J. Johnson to Margaret J. Whee
1 land, lot on NW corner of Tenth and Point
1 Loboa avenues, W 57:« by N 100: $10.
Walter W. and Louise Blake (Keenan) to
John Brownlle. lot on E line of Twenty-fourth
avenue. 300 S of Clement street, S 20 by E
120; *l(>.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Frank Ruhstaller.
lot on NW corner of Fortyrstxth avenue and
I street, W 67:6 by N 100; flO.
Peter J. Walsh to William Koenlg. lot on
W line of Fifth avenue, 60 S of Hugo street,
8 25 by W I>5. $10.
William F. and Nelli? E. Mitchell to sam»,
lot on SW corner of Fifth avenue and Hugo
street. S (30 by W fl5; $10.
William H. Gendar, Gustav O. and Pophle
Hlnk to same, lot on 8 line of Hugo street,
»5 W of Fifth avenue, W 50 by S 110; $10.
Harriet V. Browne!! to John J. Looney. lot
on W line of Nineteenth avenue, 57 :t> S of
K street. S 25 by W 100; $10.
. United States Fidelity and Guaranty Com
pany to Annie A. Lynch, lot on NE corner of
Twenty-ninth avenue and R street, N 600, H
240, S 337:10. W 12, S 261:6 W 211 :S: alsa
lot on SW corner of Thirty-fourth avenue and
N street. W Si>:tj by S 100: also lot on N line
of Union street. 49.41 E of Franklin, B 25 by
N 117.329; also lot on SE corner of Dublin
street and Russia avenue. S 25 by E 100, lot
1. block "JS. Excelsior Homestead; also lot on
NE line of Algeria (Eighteenth) street. 200
SE of N. SE 75 by NE 10O. block 347, Case
Tract; *10.
Annie A. and Michael Lynch to John A.
Gavin, same; $10.
S. Ducan Company to George Ryan, lot on
W line of Butler street. 113:5^, N of Tomasa.
N 25 by W 75. lot 12. block 2, George Ryan
Subdivision of Franconia; $10.
Julius C. Re| s to Margaret A. Robinson lot
2. Mock 2. Rels Tract; grant.
Same to Minnie Kelly, lot S, block 2. same;
grant.
Same, to Joseph Wltmer, lot 1, block 3, same;
grant.
Same to Henry L. Olsen, lots 17 and IS,
block :18, same; grant.
Sam* to Gaetano Marrelll. lots 54 ahi 55,
block 28. Reis Tract: grant.
Same to l.ou!s HUdebrand. lots 29 and 30,
block 42 same; grant.
Same to George C. Burgess, lot 41. block 41.
samp; grant.
Alba F. Craig (Smith) (wlte of R S.) to
Catherine M. Sullivan, lots 48 and 49, block
2S. Sunnyslde: $.{00.
Giuseppe Hrusa to Antonio Anzalone, lot 30H,
Gift Map No. 3; $400.
Julius C. Rels to Albinas E. Conaty, lots 25 '
and 2« block 25. Reis Tract ;- grant.
Same to same, lots 13 to 15, block 24, same;
grant.
Same to same, lot 22, block 24. same; grant.
Oscar Heyman to Dwlght B. Munroe, lot on
W line of Harper street. 125 S of Thirtieth S
35 by W 100. block 24. Mission and Thirtieth
street Homestead; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Edward L. Landegren (owner) with B. K.
Albertson (contractor and architect) — All work
for a two-story and basement frame building
on lot on W line of De Long avenue, 220-6 N
of Frederick street. N ;«0 by W So; J350O.
' R. T. Baker (owner) with Henry Molema
(contractor), architect Charles Haynes — All
work for a three-story frame structure on lot
on S line of Bryant street. 80 E of Gilbert,
23 :« by 100; $49.>0.
Mrs. Margaret or Mrs. M. Holmes (owner)
with William Camro (contractor), architects
Newsom & Newsom— All work for a one-story
and basement dwelling on lot on W line oC
Flllmore street, 00 N of Lombard. .1309 Fill
more; $1875.
Margaret E., Fannie T. and Margaret W.
Saul (owners) with Frank A. Culin (contractor),
architects ("unningham & Pollteo — All work
fcr a two-story frame building (flats) on SR
line of Third avenue and California street, E
f>2.<; by S 25: $4401.
Charley Schroff (owner) with Christ Schwel
zer (contractor). architect — All work for
a ane-3tory basement and attic frame building
on W line of San Bruno road. 275 from Eve
street south; $2600.
Catherine Nsgle to Martin Sehultze. lot on
NW il ne of Harrl »on street. 185 NE of Eighth,
NE 20 by NW 80 (recorded June 11. 1904); $10.
City and County t>f San Francisco to Wllhel
mlna McLennan, lot on N line ot Jackson
MONDAY. JUNE 13.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1904
Trooper Reaches Port Late Sunday Nignt and Next Morning Early Is Given
Clearance by Quarantine Officials— Among Those on Board Is a Bap
•. tist Minister Who Has Been Circling the Globe on a Bicycle
MANY MILITARY PASSENGERS CROSS
OCEAN ON ARMY TRANSPORT LOGAN
14
SIARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Natalie Capardie. SI. 1319 Dupont street, and
Francises Lerda. 22, 71 Water «tr**t.
Juan M. J. Verges, 26. 2034 Twenty-first
rtreet. and Leonie C. Paulson, 22. city.
John J. Enzembacher. 21. 5S0 Eddy Street,
and Lucy K. Piersln. W. S24 Ellis street.
Arthur A. Frank, 29, Mllburn. and Ett* D.
Slfflnmay. 24, city.
Richard M. Holmes. 22. 2522 Mission street,
anij Patricia A. Armstrong. 1.9. 803 McAllister.
tlA>Trn C. Wallace, 22. 101 Van Ness avenue,
and Maud Groom. 20. I0S7 Van Ness avenue.
John E. Brlnkharst. 20. 1S15 Lyon street,
and Ida C. Tartelin. 26. 1507 Baker street.
John Brown. *4. 547 Second street, and Ella
Mitchell. 44. 547 Second street.
David H8itcn. W, Vailejo. and. Hermls.
!ioar<Jwe!l. :&. K0 Folsom street.
Frank J. Blunt hek. 28. 410 McAllister street.
bM Josephine Kreijr. 27. Santa Barbara.
si«tn MacMartin. 24. and Howard Dunis-
t!ne Basch. 30 both of Chicago.
William H. Fowler. 2S. 27OBA Mission street,
tnd Lena Kenyon. 21. 2235 Putter street.
Antone Senta. 22. W>»^ Natoma street, and,
Peiirr.a Newman 18. 5C*V4 Natoma street.
!>>is Gomez. 26. 1325 Dupont street, and
Marguerita Garcia. 18. 1325 Dupont street.
Emlle Mondat, 32. 1350 Pacific street, and :
rtrralle Celange. 30, 1350 Pacific street. >
Hercte T. Adams. 27, 34 Woodward avenue,
and Florence K. Rice, 24. Auburn.
Alexander Mattheson Jr.. 21. Concord, and
Blanche E. Brecklnridce. lfi. city.
<^e«ir*e I. Batenirh 25. 1P20 Fillmore street,
and Irene I. Batevlcli. IS, I«48 Grove street.
Lawrence R. Burns, 25. Seattle, and Bertha ;
K. Maguire. 30. €22 Sacramento street.
Antonlsia Torrento. 36. 322 Vallejo street.
ar.4 Guisseppina Luclnlto, 30, Saosome.
William J. Fallen, 2S, 639 San Bruno ave-
nue, and En:ir.s, V. G. Bract. 16, 1720 Jones rt.
T ,»«it F. Hart, 23. SO Barren plax*. and M.
Alice Pullan, 23, 2217 Pine street.
George H. Connelly, 21, 509 Hermann street,
and Bertha B. Brandt. 19, 62 Me Lea court.
William M. D. O'Brien. 32, 3000 Pine street.
and Margaret Fitzgerald. 21. 500 "Webster »t.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS*
Birth, rr.arrlate and death notices sent by
tnall will net be Inserted. They must be handed
In al either of tbe publication offices and b*
indorsed with tbe came and residence of per-
•ons authorised to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BERCOV1CH— In Oakland. Cal , June 4. 1904.
to the wife of r>s\ - id Bereovich, a daughter.
CI,ARK— In this city, June 1, 1904. to the
wife of I>r. William D. Clark, a daughter.
LAKE— In this city. June 13. 1904, to the wife
of George B. Lake, a son.
HUMMEL— In Piedmont, Cal.. June 13. 1904,
10 the wife of H. N. Hummel, a eon.
SIARRIED.
ORLSON— T0RGER6EN— In this city. Jun*
9. 1904. by the Rev. O. Groensberg. CharVes
6. Carlson aad Tamanda Maria Torgersen.
HANSEN— HENNINGSEN— In this city. June
11. 1904. by the Rev. O. Groensberg. Vllhelm
Hanoen and Marie lienningsen.
UACDONALD — COUSINS— In this «ity, June
11. 1904, by the Kev. W. K. Guthrie. Clarence
D. Macdonald and Edith L. Cousin*, both
cf tfc.it city.
KELEEN— NIELSEN— In this city. June 8.
19f"4, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Aktel Otto
Nelten and Amelia Marie Nieletn.
PETERSON— ANDERSON— In this city. June
1L. 1904. by the nev. O. Groensberg. John
Peterson and Annie Anderson.
6PECK— BAER— In this city. June 12. 1904.
by the Rev. H. A. Luckenbach. Joseph Speck
and LlIMaa M. Baer, both of San Francisco.
TURNER— LOOMIS— In this city, June 11,
1901, by the Rev. William N. Meserve. Wil-
liam Homer Turner of Oakland aad Ida Gil-
bert Loomls of this city.
"WAGNER— LJPPMAN— In this city June 12.
1904. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Lou J. Wag-
twr and Dora Llppman.
DIED.
Allea. Genwiev* Ixing, Katharine I.
Blakeley. Bridget Meyer. Alma E.
Bunker. Robert E. Mltcbell Henry M.
Canepa, Agoetlno Mltchel, Mrs. L. J.
Clarke. Sarah E. Murry, Cornelius
Connor. Mary Nevin Martin
Coarad, Rosemary Obendorf, Abraham
Duffy. Jatnea O'Neil, Mary
Gallagher, Edward Richardson, 'Louise
Gifford, Rufuc W. Shanaiian. Thomas
Cold«tone, Ra« Stenge, Morris
Har.r.an, Mary A. Swacson. Ralph
Hanseri. Geo. R. N. Tobln, Mrs. Alice
Hurt, Grace P. VnUee. L«o ¦
Hereford. Dr. W. S. Vance, Ann
Hopkins. WUiiam A. Wallace, Kathryn A
Horner. Grace C. Wharton Joseph W.
Jacoby. Herman Wlndt, Lottie
ALLEN — In this city. June 12, 1904. Genevieve
Allen, dearly btluved twin daughter of John
D. and Cecelia B. Allen, and eleter of Ger-
trude Allen, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 vears.
C?"Th» funeral will tak<* place to-day
(Tuesday), at io o'clock, from the residence
of the grandparents, SS7 Arlington street.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
BLAKLET— In this city. June 12. 1904.
Bridget, belove-d wife of tbe late FrancU
Blakley. & native of County Donegal, Ire-
land, aged 72 years.
C^Frlends aad acquaintances are respect-
lully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
•Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from h«r late
residence, 304 Grove street, thence to St. I
Ignatius Church, Hayes etre-et. where a sol- I
emu requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock In-
terment Santa Clara, by 10:30 o'clock* train |
from Third and Townsend streets. ;
BUNKER— In this city, June 12, 1904 Robert
EltnfT Bunker. M. D., beloved husband of I
J'^tie E. Bunker, a native ot Minneapolis, i
Minn.
C^Friends aad acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
'Wednesday), at " o'clock, from the Masonic '
TVmple, earner of Post and Montgomery '
streets, under the au^plce-e of California i
'. cet No. 1, F. and A. M. Interment prl-
\»tc.
CANEPA— In this city. June 13, 1904. Agos-
tino Canepa, beloved husband of Angela
Canepa. and father of Mrs. Paiitlana M. Al-
den. Mr*. Catherine GambronU Mrs. Flor-
ence Monlgrar. and the late Rosamond Can-
rpa. a native of Italy, aged ~'-i years.
CLARKE — In this city. June 12 1904, Sarah
E., beloved wife of W. H. Clarke, a native
of Rockford, 111., aged 45 years and 10
months.
C7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
June 14, at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary i
ch*pc! of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com- |
pany. 2*75 Mission street, near Twenty- I
nrtt. Interment Cyprtss Lawn Cemetery.
CONNOR— In this city. June 12. 1904, Mary }
Connor, a native of Ireland, aged 5S years. I
CONRAD — In Lo« Gatoa, Cal.. June 12, 19O4, '
Ro*» mary. dearly belcvcd" daughter of j
Charles P. and Dr. Agnes M. Conrad, and ;
¦filter of Carl A., Ludwtna, Agnes and Anna I
Conrad, a native of San Francisco, aged 6 I
;ear« 7 months and 14 days.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attrnd the funeral to-morrow
¦ Wednesday), ai *:30 o'clock, from the par-
»ntjs* residence. 1122 1 ? Treat avenue- between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth" street*.
Ihence to fc't. Anthony's Church, where sol-
'mn services will be held, commencing at
:» o'el<>ck. Interment private. Kindly omit
flower*.
DUFFY— In thiti city. June" II. 1WH, James
Duffy, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
GALLAGHER— In thl* city, June. Jl. 19O4, Ed-
ward, beloved brother of James, Th*mas and
Hugh Uallagh^r, and cousin of Dominlck and
Patrick Gallagher, a native of County Mayo,
ir^land. agvd S7 years. (Butte, Mont., paper*
!•!<>»«> et»py.)
JT/'Fiie-ncin and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesii.>). st 12:20 o'clock, from the par-
lors of I. C O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
etre*t. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
C1FFORD— In this city. June 12. 1904, Rufus
White GifTord. beloved husband of Susaa
W#*t Glfford. and father of Charles T. and
Arthur S. Glfford. a native of New Bedford,
ilas».,'«ped «4 years « months and « days!
1^ Bedford. Mass.. papers please copf.)
CXlTi*nd» and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invite.! to attend the funeral to-morrow
.Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from hi* late
residence. 1<*C2 Sixtieth street. Oakland.
Funeral and interment under direction of
Live osk I>*lge, k. an d a. M. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
G< Z^ Ote "^°^ i: ~u In thl ' cit> - Junc "• 190 << R*«.
beloved daughter of Morris and Flora Gold-
?fme. s.*ter of Mrs. I. Newman and Charles
ham. Jow>ph. Louis and Gua Goldstone a
native of 8an Francisco, aged 23 years and
1 1 monthfi.
r7"Frieiid« an<1 acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• nednesday*. at 10 o'clock, from the family
residence. J021 Golden Gate avenue? InV™--
roent Kalem Cemetery, by electric car from
LlghtMDth and Guerrero ctreets.
Officers and members of California Re-
tekah Lodge No. 1. I. O. O. F. wi™ assent
hie at 1021 Golden Gate avenue Wednesday
at 10 o'clock a. m.. to attend the funeral of
our late sister. Ray Goldstone. By order
E. VIOLA BAKER, N. U
HANNAN— In this city. June 12. 1904. Marr
A., dearly beloved wife of Edward T II*n-
nan , and daughter of Patrick and the late
Bridget Fleming, and sister of Bertha. Flem
Ing. Mm. Matt Ward and Mj< George
Muore. a native of San Francisco, aged 24
years 2 months and 25 days. (Sacramento
papers please copy.)
C7Frlends aad acqualntaaces- are respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at »:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 279 Harriet street, thence to St.
F. J. Monahnn. Manager. Trl. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA&CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERti.
S338-23U Mission st-. near Nineteenth. .
%ta Fraacisco.
Rose's Church for service* at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HANEEN— In this city. June 13, 1904, at hi»
residence, CSS Fell street. George R. N..
dearly beloved husband of Grace L. Hans^,
son of John and Mary Hansen. and brother
of Henry A. R. and Walter J. C. Hansen.
a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years 3
months and 10 days.
ICT Services will be held to-day (Tuesday),
at 11 o'clock, at Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
HART— In Berkeley, Cal.. June 11, 1004. Grace
Powning Hart, daughter of A. G. and Mary
P. Hart, and sister of R. G. Jr.. William
M.; Lorraine. Annie and Albert Hart, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 11 years S
months and 11 days.
C?"Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her par-
ents' residence, 1533 Aroh street. Berkeley.
Interment private. Mountain View Cemetery.
HEREFORD— In this city. June 13. 1904, Dr.
William S. Hereford, beloved husband of the
late Flora J. Hereford, a native of St. Louis,
aged 62 years.
E7 1 The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock from his late resi-
dence, 1861 Larkin street. Funeral strictly
private. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOPKINS— »n this city, June 11. 1904, William
A. beloved husband of Winifred Hopkins,
and beloved »on of Timothy and Catherine
Hopkins, and brother of Mrs. George Ogden I
and John Hopkins, and son-in-law of Mrs. '
Michael Wall, a native of California, aged I
34 years 10 months and 10 daye. A member
of Alcalde Parlor. N. S. G. W.
ILTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day I
(Tuesday) at 8:45 o'clock, from his late I
residence." S&2 Minna street, tbenc* to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn high '
mass will be celebrated for the repose of I
his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriages.
HORNER — In Alameda, June 12, 1904, Grace
C. Horner, dearly beloved daughter of George
B. and Manuela C. J. Horner, and sister of
Lillian G. Tracey, a native of San Fran-
cisco. (New York. Boston and Easton, Pa.,
papers please copy.) •
(T7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes- |
day. June 15, at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1500 Alttmeda avenue, near Mor-
ton-street station, Alameda. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
JACOBY— In Berlin, Germany, June 11. 1904.
Herman Jacoby. brother of Philo Jacoby,
Mrs. Chs. J. Simon and Mra. Arnold Pollak.
LONG (nee Power) — In this city, June 12, 1904,
Katharine I., beloved wife of Carson J.
Long, and daughter of Rose and the late
Thomae H. Power, a native of Ban Fran-
cisco.
Q7Frlend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
« Wednesday), at K:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother. 2S83 Folsom street,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a re-
<iulr>m high main will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 0 o'clock. Interment
private.
MEYER— In this city, June 13. 1904. Alma
Elizabeth, beloved daughter of August F.
and Hermlne Meyer, and sister of Mathilde
and Freddie Meyer, a native of San Kran-
ctsco, aged 12 years 3 months and 15 days.
MITCHELL — In this city. June 13, 1WM, Henry
Morton, beloved husband of Clarissa E.
Mitchell, and father of William H.. Charles
T., Samuel K. and Fred L. Mitchell, a na-
tive of Bridgewater, Mass.. aged 60 years
3 months and 3 days. (Boston papers pleas*
copy.)
MITCHEL— In Oakland. Cal.. June 12.- 19OJ,
Mrs. Lollta J. Mltchel. widow of- James
Mltchel, mother of George C. Mitchel, and'
daughter of Christian Schreiber, a native of
San Francieco, aged 51 years "and 7 months.
MURRY— In this city. June 12. 1904, Corne-
lius Murry. a native of California, aged 33
years and 2 days.
C7The funeral will take place to-day
< Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from Charles J. B.
Metzler's undertaking parlors. C3t> Washing-
ton fctreet, by 11 :30 o'clock train from cor-
ner Third and Townsend streets.
NEVIN— In Livermore. Cal.. June 13, 1904,
Martin Nevin, beloved husband of Marguer-
ltte Nevin. and father of Edward. Frank,
Cornelius. Denis. George, James. Agnes and •
Ada Nevin. and Mrs. P. Flanacan and '
Mrs. F. L. Sangmaster, a native of Ireland, j
aged 71 years. i
(E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect- ¦
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow !
<Wednesday) morning, from St. Michael's
Church. Livermore. where mass will be cel-
ebrated for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ment Livermore.
OBENDORF— In this city. June 12. 1904. A bra- I
ham Obendorf, beloved husband of Henrietta
Obendorf, a native of Germany, aped 55 !
years 5 months and 2 days. !
C^Friendn and acquaintances are respect- !
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day !
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street, under the
auspices of Bay City Lodge No. 117. K. of
P. Interment Salem Cemetery, by train '
leaving Third and Tpwnsend streets at 3:U0
p. m.
Bay City Lodge No. 117, K. of P.— Offi-
cers and members of this lodge are requested
to attend the funeral of our late brother.
Abraham Obendorf. from the parlors of Hal-
sted & Co., U46 Mission street, to-day (Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock p. m.
CHARLES C. MORRIS. K. of R. and S.
I ONEIL— In this city. June 12. 1S04 Mary
O'Neil. beloved eister of the late Dennis
O'Neil, and aunt of Mary. Eilan, John and
Jeremiah Deasy. a native of parish of
Barryroo, Courtmacsherry, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 52 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock from her late '
residence, 909 Filbert btreet. thence to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem .
high mass will I-? celebrated for the repose
o? her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cfoss Cemetery.
RICHARDSON— In Petaluma, Cal., June 12.
li*C4. Louise, dearly beloved wife of John J.
Richardson, devoted mother of Louise Star
Richkrdpon. and aunt of Mre. Woodbury,' a
native of New York.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of I
Monahan. O*Hara & Co.. 2:U9-2341 Mission ,
street, near Nineteenth. Interment Cypress ;
I-awn Cemetery.
SHANAHAN— In this city. June 11. 1904. 1
Thomas. Shanahan. beloved husband of the. '
late Bridget Shanahan. and father of Koran
Bhanahan, Mrs. Wlliam Stephens Mrs. P. I
Conroy and the late Ellen Callaghan. a
natit-e of Mitchelstown, County Cork, Ireland,
aged M yrars.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend -the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), June 14.. at 8:30 o'clock from
his late residence 70 Belcher etreet. be-
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth and Church
and Sanchez, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be. cele-
brated for the repose of his soul commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
C»metery.
ETEXGE- In this city. June 12, 1904. Morris,
beloved husband of Lena Stenge. and father ;
of Harry. Jessie. Gussie. Edna, Adeline and
Sylvan Stenge. Mrs. Al Levy and Mrs. P.
Stofer. a native of Germany, aged 55 years.
K7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to- I
day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock. from the
parlors of A. W. Martin A Co.. 319 O'Farrell !
ftreet. under the auspices of the fan Fran-
<-Ieco Board of Relief. K. of P. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery.
SWANSON— In this city. June 12. 19<M. Ralph
Swanron. beloved yon of Anton and' Hilda
Swanson. and brother of Alfred. Arthur.
H«nry and Dewey S-waneon, a native of Sari
Franci6co, aged 7 menths and 1:5 days.
TOBIN— In this city. June 12. 1904. Mrs. Alice
Tobln (formerly Allre O'Brtan of Tlpperary,
Ireland), mother of Thomas and Michael To-
bin.
VALLEE— In San Quentln, Cal., June 12. 1904,
Leo Valleo., beloved son of Leo and Josie Val-
lee. a native of California, aged 11 months
and 30 days.
VANCE — In this city, June 13, UKM. Ann. relict
of the late Robert Vance, and beloved
aunt of Mr*. Mary Sawyer. Mrs. James Mo-
ran. Mrt«. John Akclan, Mrs. Nellie Slmi ton
and John F. Grimes, a native of County
Galway. Ireland, aged 7»> years.
C7Friend(t and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her late
re-sldence. 117 Wolf street, near Alabama,
thence to St. Peter's Church where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her noul, commencinr at 9:45
o'clock. Internjent Holy Ooss Cemetery.
WALLACE— In this city. June 12. 1904, Kath-
ryn A., dearly beloved daughter of Mrs.
I). J. Wallace and the late John Wallace
and sister of Sister Mary Regis and Mar-
garet, John and Gertrude Wallace, a native
"' San Francisco.
ET'Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
8:30 o'clock, from her late residence. 1IUO'£
Howard street, then<^ to St. Joseph's Church
where a requiem high mans will be ccle-
• brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WHARTON— In this city. June 11. 1U04,
Joseph W.. beloved son of Mary Wharton, and
brother of Mrs. Mary Anderson and Robert
J.. John* E.. Thomas F. and Annie J. Whar-
ton. a native of San Francisco, aged 24
years. A member of Altahmos Tribe No 87
I. O. R. M: Golden Gate Aerie No. 61, F.
O. E., and Riggers' and Stevedores' Union,
Local No. 222.
K^'Frltnd- :-r<S acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday) at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 70 Stanley place.
WINDT— In this city. June 13, 1904. Lottie
Windt. beloved daughter of Albert and Lot-
tie Wlndt, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 day.
CARD bF THANKS.
We desire to express our thanks to the
many friends for their kindness In our lata
bereavement.
FRED F. DUNNE and Wife.DRESSED MEATS.
There was no further, variation In quotations
for anything yesterday. The market Is still
liberally supplied with all descriptions.
Meat Market.
Continued on Pace ' Fourteen.
CHICAGO, June- 13.— CATTLE — Receipts.
22.000. Strong. Good to prime steers, $6 25<8>
ti 60; poor to medium. $4 «5©6; stockers and
feeders $3@4 70; -cows, $1 < 5(^4 50; heifers.
$2 5065 25: banners. $17502 75; bulls. $2 60®
4 30; calves, $305 60.
• HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 37,000; to-morrow,
20 000.. Strong to 6c higher. Mixed and butch,
ers $4 80<g5; good to choice heavy, $4 95®8 05;
rough hetvy. $4 75@4 95; light. $4 80m 05 ;
bulk of sales, $4 8B@5.
SHEEP— Receipts. 20.000. Sheep and lambs,
strong Good to choice wethers, $5@8 60; fair
to choice mixed, $3 75© 5: Western sheep, $4 50
65M: native Iambs. $5@6 75; Western lamba,
$5 B0#6 60; .spring lambs, ilm 50.
Chicago Cattle, Sheep and Hogs.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Sliver, per ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollars 45 0 — %
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets, continued
weak and a further Increase In Russian ship- '
ments caused general liquidation at Liverpool,
but the market subsequently steadied. The
world's shipments for the week were as fol- I
lows in quarters: Russian, ' 400.000; Danu
blan 61,000; Argentine, 200,000; Indian. 31B,
000; Australian, 105.000. The American visible
supply decreased 2,128,000 bushels..
Chicago was dull and devoid of feature.
In this market futures ranged weaker again
and sold freely, holders still showing a dis
position to clear out their holdings. The cash
grain showed no change.
; . CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 27%@1 35; California
White Australian, $1 B2%®1 S7%; Northern
Club, $1 3001 40; Northern Bluestem, $1 50
01 55 per ctl. .
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. . High. - Low. ¦ Close.
December ...$l 28% $1 29 $1 28% $1 29
2 p. m. Session.
* • Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 23 $1 29% $1 29 $1 20%
BARLEY — Cash grain was slightly lower
again. Sales of 2000 sacks of No. 1 Feed at
$1 02% and some smaller lots at $1 01%
established the lower range of quotations. There
was a fair business in futures, with most op
erators sellers at lower prices In the morning,
but there was some recovery In the afternoon.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $l@liO2%: Brewing, $1 0601 07%;
Chevalier, $1 02%61 10 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
j /Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December... 05% 95% 95Vi 85%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December... tWTi »ti% U5?£ 9tS%
OATS — The Government award for the Ma
nila order has not yet been announced and
1 nobody hazards a guess as to whether this
market or the north will get it. Meanwhile
tbe market continues quiet and featureless.
White, $1 4UK/1 45: Black, $1 20Q1 25; Red,
$1 iMi'ui 30: Gray, nominal.
CORN — The market Is kept sufficiently sup
plied by the almost dally receipts from the
West and quotations show no change. The
tone Is rather firm than otherwise.
Western sacked. $1 5uyi 65 for Yellow,
$1 47%@1 62% for White and $1 45S1 60 for
Mixed: California large Yellow. $1 65; small
round do. $1 65<tfl 60; White. $1 55 per ctl:
Egyptian. $1 32%Q1 42% for White and $1 250
1 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 30@l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75«2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs. :
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 609
4 l>0. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 5034 80;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 85@4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 SO per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour,
¥7; Corn Meal, $3 60; extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $104 25; Buck-,
wheat Flour. $4 SOI? I 75: Cracked Wheat, $4;
Farina. $4 60: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Itollui Oats, bbls. $7 25@S 60; In sacks. $6 75ft
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6: Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
\
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The Government Hay- order for Manila Is
still in abeyance, but dealers are expecting the
announcement of the award any moment. The
Hay market shows no change, being quiet and
weak.
Receipts of Bran and Middlings have been
light again of late and the market rules firm
In consequence, but quotations show no change.
BRAN— $22«2:: per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $24^20 per ton.
, SHORTS— $22023 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $22 50S23
per ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $29 50631;
lobbing, $32; Cocoanut Cake. |22S23; Corn
Meal. »32fc33: Cracked Corn. $32 50flr!3 50; I
Mixed Feed. $22823: Horse Beans. $30®40 per!
ton: Broom Com Feed, 80c per ctl. !
HAY— Wheut. $10®14 50; Wheat and Oat.
$ll«13r Oat. $0612; Wild Oat. $7iffl0: Rar
ley and Oat. $7(511; Stock. $7£8; Alfalfa, $79
10 per ton.
STRAW— 60C80c per bale.
Beans aitd Seeds.
The Bean trade continues to. quote an in
active and. listless market at unchanged quo-'
tatlons. '
BEANS— Bayoa. $2 25®2 50; Pea. $2 90@3;
Butters $3: «nnll White. $2 85@3 10; large
White. $2 25©2 65:" Pink. $3 45®3 60: Red.
SU 2504 50: Lima, $3 25«3 35r Red Kidneys
$4 75@5; Blackeye. $2@2 10 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2S- 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 25® 4 60; Yellow
Mustard. S2 C0@3; Flax. XI 80®l 90: Canary,
5V4©5*ic for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%ffi«c: Rape
]«©2c: Timothy. 6«30%e; Hemp. 3%©4c per
lb: Millet. 3©3%e; Broom Corn Seed. $20©21
Pe DRIED PEAS— Blackey*. $3 per ctl: Nlles.
$3 25; Green Peas. $3@3 25.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
New Potatoes opened tbe week firm and
priets of white ranged higher under light re
ceipts and a Hteady ' demand for local use and
shipping account. The best lots were keenly
competed for by Jobbers and one lot of 40 boxes
brought $2 per cental. The" supply of new
Early Rose was limited, but as the demand
was likewise prices were easier. Old Potatoes
continued dull, with prices largely nominal.
The -steamer added 31(i2 sacks to the stock of
Oregon Burbanks. Onions were in ample sup
ply and red were slightly lower.
Peas were the only vegetables on the list to
show any firmness, all other kinds being - in
free supply, and prices of most descriptions
ranged lower. The market was overloaded with
Tomatoes and prices of all kinds were quoted
lower. Receipts from the south' were some
where In the neighborhood of 2000 packages
and there were large lines of Mississippi, Mexi
can and southern carried over from Saturday.
Another car falls due from Mississippi to-day
and still lower prices are expected. Cucumbers
hail a sharp decline and prices of Green Corn
were shaded, while String Beans and Summer
Squash held up well. Choice offerings of As
paragus cleaned up readily at the quotations,
while sun-cooked stock, which formed a con
siderable portion of the receipts had to be sold
below the minimum rate. .
POTATOES— New White, $1 35@1 85 per ctl:
Early Rose, -fr23®l 50 per ctl; old Oregon
Burbanks. $1©1 40 per «•?'• old river "urbanks.
90c®$l per ctl.- .
ONIONS — Australian Yellow, $1 25@4 50 per
ctl- new Red, 80®00c per sack; new SUver
sklns. «1 50 per etl. .«^^
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 10@20c per do*;
Asparaguit. 4«^Je per lb; Rhubarb, 65ft75o per
1 box; Green Peas,' $2 per eack; Garden Peas,
CHICAGO. June 13. — On the Produce Ex
rhanirp to-<lay the butter market was barely
.tidy: creamery, 13%fl7%c; dairy, 11%©1Cc.
Eggs were easy at 14©14%c. Cheese was weak
at E 7 LGlN C ' 111.. June 13.— The butter market
was firm,' with prices unchanged at 17%c.
Sales for the week were 854,300 pounds.
Butter, Cheese 1 and Eggs.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands-sell
about %®lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c: medium. 8%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip. »c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf He; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf' ISc.; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25Q30c each;
short Wool 40i865c each: medium. 70<890c: long
Wool. $l®t 50: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2®2 60 for medium. $1 25©1 73 for
tmall end 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and SI B0 for medium. $1^1 25
for email and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 30c: dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 30@32%c Goat Skins—
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and amooth. 60c;
medium, 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4K04%c ,*, lb .
No 2. 3%©4c; grease, 2%03c. .
WOOL — Spring Clip— Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 17©10c: San Joaquln and Southern. 12
months'. 10<312c; do 7 months', ftgllo per lb;
Middle Counties, 13©17c for free and 120lBc
for defective: Northern. 16<?lSc for free and
14ffll6c for defective: Nevada. 13G16c. accord
'"flO^S^JobblnV at 27%©30c per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. For crop of 1904 the nominal
quotation Is 20c
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CHICAGO, June 13.— Flour, steady; No. 2
spring wheat, l»2©05c; No. 3, 85©93cj No. 2 red.
$1 01'fll («;' No. 2 corn, 49V44f40%c: No. 2
yellow. 50%<f/&o\;c; No. 2 oats. 41%eu%c; No.
2 white. 44%e; No. 3 white, 4l<g44e; good feed-
Ing barley, 3S@41c; fair to choice malting, 44®
Wlc: No. 1 flaxBeed, $1; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 07: prime timothy-seed. $2 95; nf»ss pork,
per bbl., $12 70&12 75; lard, per 100 lbs.. $U 80
©« 82%; Bhort ribs sides (loose). $7 V1WP
7 37%; Ehort clear sides (boxed). $0 75<g7;
whisky, basin of high wines. $1 28; clover,
contract grade, $10 75. ¦ .•
Article*— ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 43.800 7.700
Wheat bushels 1».1«> 28,300
Corn bushels 49 1.300 265 300
Hats,' bushels 1 W.W» 11N.200
Rv« bushels «.,000 • 1,800
Siriey, bushels ..." 23,100 . , 5.300
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Chicago wan somewhat higher on the day.
Receipts of Hogs are running below those of
last year at this time, which Inclines packers
and other sellers to cover. The San Francisco
market continues dull and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per n> for
heavy. 10c for . light medium." 12o for light.
13%c for extra light and 15016c for susar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Call
fornia Hams, 12@12%c: Mess Beef. $109
10 50 oer bbl: extra Mess. $llit»ll 50; Family.
$12®12 50; prime Mess Pork. $14; extra clear.
$->3- Mess $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 9%c; Pig
Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef, llo
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%e per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
8%.cVlO-lb tins. 8Uc: 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins!
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8%c; three
half barrels. 8%c: one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
8c: five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Provisions.
Some Business in Bonds, but
Stocks Generally Dull..
Business on the Bond Exchange was almost
wholly in bonds, the only sales of stock twin*
in Oceanic Steamship at S4 50. The oil stocks
were neglected and the Comstock mining;
shares quiet. Trading on tbe Tonopah Exchange
continued active, as will be seen.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Pennsylvania C. M.
Company of California, regular monthly. 10c
per share, amounting to $50SO; Alaska Packers'
Association, a regular monthly dividend of $1
per share.
The Mutual Savings Bank has declared . a
semi-annual dividend at the rate of 3.25 per
cent per annum on all deposits, payable July 1.
against 3.20 per cent paid for tbe six months
ended December 31. 1903.
The Debenture Surety Company has declared
a regular monthly dividend of 5c per share,
payable June 15.
An assessment of $3O per share was delin
quent yesterday on the stock of the Palermo
Nursery and Citrus Association of Butte
County.
The OpMr Mining Company has received
$R910 55 from the sale of four railroad carloads
of ere, and. Including two carloads just shipped.
sixteen carloads remain on the way.
The Mercantile Trust Company of New
York, trustee under the deed of trust of the
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway Com
pany, Invites proposals for the sale to It on
July 7 of bonds secured by said deed of trust,
at a rate not to exceed 110, to th» extent of
$25,000.
STOCK AM) BOXD EXCHANGE.
MONDAT. June. 13— 2 p. ra.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. — 107% 4s qr ep new.132%133%
4s qr retr...lOH 106% 3s qr coop.. .103% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Oa.101 — Oak T Co 6s. 119% —
Bay CFC 6s. — 102 Do 5a 111%111%
Cal C O 5s. — 104 Do con 5s. , — 103
Cal OtEl Oceanic 3 5s. — 75
m ft ct 5s. 84% 86 Om Cable 6s. — 125
Cal-st C 6a. — 117% Pac O Im, 4s. »1% 94%
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P E Ry 5s.l04%105S
EdL ft P 6s.l23% — P ft C II 6«.108 —
F A C II 6s.H4% — P A O B to. - 1W
Geary-st 5s.. — 63 Powell-st «s. — 114
H C4S 5%s.lOO — Sac EOARSs. — 99
Do 5s .... 97 — SF A 8JV5».U6»4 —
Hon R T ea.105 — Sierra R 6». — 113
L A Elec 5». — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5a.lll% — (1909) .....10* —
L A L CO 6s — — (1910> 109 —
Do gtd «s. — e- 8 P cf C 6a
Do gtd Bs.102% C1905)Sr A. 102 —
LAP lem Be.101 — O!*»>8r B.102% —
Mkt-st C 6S.I1514 — (1006) 104% —
Do lem Bs.11414 — (1912) 115 116
MV& MtT5s.l01% — SPC 1 eg 5s.H0 —
NRR of OJs.107% — Do stmpd..lO7% —
Do 5s m%117 8 P B R tis.131% —
N P C R Ss.104 — IS.V Wat «s. — —
N C Ry Bs.llO 112 ( Do 4s 2dm. 98% O>
N C P C 5s. 9S — 1 Do 4s 3dm. — 09
NSRRSs. 98 — I Dor mtc4s 97% —
O G L&H59.107 — (Ptkn G*ERs. — 1<H
O VT gtd 5». — 100 |l' Q * I! 5i. - 105.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 40 |Port Coeta... — —
Marin Co.... — 60 |S V Wat Ca 37% 37%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent 1>-A P. 3% 4 S F G ft E. 61 62
Mutual E-L. UV> 12% Stkn G ft E. 5% —
Pac L Coi.. 58% — V a A E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 335 |
BANK STOCKS. . -
Am NO Bk..l27% — L P A A....150 1«>
Anglo-Cal .. 83% 36% Mer Trust.... — 213
Bank of Cal.425 — Mercb Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp.145 147% S P Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — — ¦ \ - >:';
SAVIN.GS BANKS.
Ger S & L.22S0 2350 | Pav A L So. — 100
Hum SAL. — ISec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. lOO — I Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.tiiO — I
NEW YORK, June 13.— The flattering specu
lative upward movement In prices was a sore
disappointment to-day t<ythe professional trad
ing element. The rise* which developed In
th< ; latter part of last week had arooa«d great
hopes that the market was at last stirred out
of Its rut. The presumption was widespread
that the advance in prices had received coun
tenance and assistance from some of the large
banking and railroad interests.- whose co
operation In the market has been vainly looked
for by the traders for many weeks j>a*t. There
was no evidence to-day of buying of this
character and when the smaller class of specu
lators attempted to take profits on some of
the holding* tak*n over last week they found
they had the market to themselves and no '
absorptive power for their moderate offerings.
The reasons which the habitual traders ex
pect always to be present for a movement of
jcices were variously assigned. Probably the
true explanation would he that supi>osltions as
to the Influential character of lam week's buy
ing were mistaken. The opening advance was
promptly quelled by the heaviness of United
States Steel preferred and unfavorable con
clusions were drawn from the personality of
the brokers employed in that stock, who : were
supposed to be informed on trade affairs. The
weekly discussion of railroad traffic by officials
was decidedly pessimistic and served to upset
the calculations that better traffic conditions
for the railroads would result from the better
conditions of last week- On the contrary,
railroad officials were, rather generally agreed
in the opinion that the merchandise movement
over their lines was markedly smaller than last
year and that merchants and manufacturers
were still persisting In their conservative hand
to-mouth methods ot buying. Accumulation"
of empty care was an item of many of these '
weekly Interviews. The discussion bears • on
tne traffic of last week, but It anticipates re
ports of gross earnings to appear in regular
ccuri-e in the future and whose influence will
then have to be reckoned with. The resump
tion on a small scale of recently suspended
traffic on the lakes is an influence in dim
inishing tbe traffic of railroads, to which It
was diverted during the effective period of tbe
lake tie op. The domestic exports for May
make a poor contrast with the relative Im
rrovement In April, which It was hoped marked
the turn for the better In our export trade.
May exports of domestic products, on the con
trary have decreased over $15,000,000 from
those of May last year, and upward of $18,
000.000 from April of this year. In the de
crea»e from last year more than $11,000,000
is In value of breadstuffs and over $3,000,000
In value of cotton. The $».734,801 ¦ of the
brradstufTs exports makes the lowest valua
tion of npx one month for years past. The
c 4 vance. in the grain markets to-day helped
to unsettle the stock market, as did a reduc
tion In the price of copper. The circular to
ktockbolders of - the Northern Securities Com
pany renewed attention to tbe tying up of
the dividend* on the $S35.000,000 cf» stock
in that corporation. The markets closed heavy,
at the lowest of the day. . . .
There was a good demand fnr bonds and
prices were firm. Total rales, par value, $1,
b.'5,000. "»1 ; "'
United States l>on<i« were unchanred on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— ' Bales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 16,700 71% 70% 70%
Atchlscn pfd 700 04% 94% M
Baltimore & Ohio.. 3,200 SO 70%" 79U
Halt A- Ohio pfd " 9J
Canadian Pacific... 1,600 119 118% 118%
On of New Jersey. 100 1«1 ltil 160
Chesapeake A Ohio. 4O0 ' 31 <4 31 . 31
Chicago & Alton... 100 38% • 38Ti agu
Chi &. Alton pfd... 100 81 < 81 >S0%
Chi Great Western. lfiO 13% 13% 131J,
Chicago * N W.... 100 1RR i«i 167V4
Chi. Mil & St Paul. 11.600 - 142% 141« mu
<\ M & St P pfd 170
Chi Term & Trans .... ¦.... GH
Chi T & T pfd 14U
Vr. C. C & St Louis. 100 00% C0% r,Htt ,
Colorado Southern. 13
Colo South 1st pfd • . .... ..... 4gii
Colo South 2d pfd • 10
Dela & Hudson..... 000 155% » 154% 151?; 1
New York Stock Market.
It Is reported that some sales of Peaches of
the new crop have been made at 4\Ji5Uc for
future delivery, but these figures are now below
current quotations for futures, 5%®5%c now
being quoted. The advance, however, has tend
ed to check the demand.
Offerings of new crop Fruits In New York
appear in the first column.
FRUITS — Apricots. S(?10c for Royals and
G@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4U'i*
6c; sun-dried. 3@4%c: Peaches. 763c:
Pears 8%®12c; Figs, white, 2X4£3e in boxes;
black. 4*4c: Plums, pitted. 5©7%c per lb.
PRUNES— 100S crop. 2S2%c for the four
RAISINS— F. c. b. prices Fresno for 1003
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: BO-lb boxes — Loose .Muscatel. 4-crown.
4c per lb: 3-crown. 4%c: 2-crown. 4e: Malaga,
loose. 3-crown, 4c; 2-crown. S\c; Thompson's
seedless. 4c: seedless Sultanas. 3%c; Seedless
Muscatels. 3"ic; do floated, 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins. I6-0* cartons, fancy. 5%c: choice. 5Vic
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice. 4%c: In
bulk, fancy. 5\ic: choice. 5c: Imperial clus
ters. $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy. |2; London
Lavers. 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 23.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%914c;
No. 2 U%«12c: No. 1 hardshell. 13013%c;
No 2. ll@H%c: Almonds. 11%q. for Nonpa
reils, ll%c for I X U lie for-Ne Plus Ultra
and BUc for Lansruedoc: Peanuts. 6i37c tor
Eastern: Pecans. 11913c: Cocoanuts. $4 5095.
HONEY — Comb. 11%012%C for white and
10011c for amber; water white extracted. 59
«e- llrtt amber extracted. 4%fJ5c; dark.
3U&4C.
BEESWAX-27(B29o per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
NEW YORK, June 13. — Close — Money on
call easy, highest 1 M per cent, lowest 1 per
cent, ruling rate 1 per cent, last loan 1V« per
cent, closing bid and offered IU per cent.
Time loans, easy and dull: sixty days. 1%K2
per cent; ninety days. 2^2% per cent; six
months, Z%C4f4 per cent.
I'rlme mercantllt paper, 3 Vs "S"-* ' ? per cent.
Sterling exchange easier, with actual business
In bankers' bills at $4.S7:tO for demand and at
$4.h525-@4.KU5 for sixty-day bills.
Pot-ted rates. M 86 and SI fe8.
Commercial bills, $4 S5V4-
Bar silver, 53-S«c. '
Mexican dollars. 44%c.
Oov;rnment bond*, steady; railroad bonds,
firm.
Neiv York Moiwy Market.
EASTERN MABKETS..
CHICAGO June 13. — Sentiment In the
wheat pit to-day waa bearish during the early
part of the session. Opening quotations on
July were down }ic to V4c at 85%c to «5»/4c.
Lower cables and improved weather conditions
were elements in the situation that tended to
depress prices, but perhaps the greatest factor
was the report of the world's shipments for
the past week. While the total was about
as expected, exports from America showed a
decided decrease. Pit traders were Inclined to
consider* the figures strongly Indicative of the
present European Indifference to American
wheat. Many bearish crop advices were re
ceived early In the day. One report, in com
menting on tbe condition* of spring wheat In
the Canadian Northwest said prospects could
not be more favorable. Toward the middle
of the day sentiment suddenly became bullish
ir.icl prlci-s started upward. Sentiment In. corn
and oats was largely responsible for the change
of tone. Home bullish crop reports were re
ceived from Kansaa and Oklahoma telling of
flooded conditions and predicting a late har
vest. . Shorts were active purchasers during
the last hour of the ncselon. the market con
tinuing stronj until the close. After advanc
ing to SGH@8<J%c July closed at S(JH®Sti%c.
The Htrength manifested In corn was rather
surprising. In view of the moderate volume
of trade. The market closed well toward the
top. July opened 1^'8 1 ic higher at 4SHc to
4Sftc, eold up to 4ii '-ic and closed at *'JV*tP
There wag a big general commission house
trade In oats, with the demand largely cen
tered In the September delivery, although there
was also an increased demand for December.
After opening unchanged to He higher at 3O'£c
to 30%c July ranged between .T.'\c and 3H%e,
closing at 30*ift.'il»%c.
Provisions were strong on covering' by Bhorts
under the leadership of prominent packing In
terests. Light receipts of hogs, higher prices
at the yards and strength of corn helped along
the advance. At the close September pork
was up l.YuKi.jr. September lard showed an
advance of 10c and ribs were up 15c.
The leailng futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July, old 80^ 87% 86»4 87 K
July, new 85^ S6->i 8514 85$,
September, old.. S2 83 81 ?» 82 J 8
September new. SC% 81% 80 Vi 81 $4
Corn No. 2 —
June 4S 48% 48 48*
July 4»% 4DH 48% 4O»5
September 48Va " *'•>% 48ft 49%
Oata No. 2—
June 41%
July 39% 80% 30*, 30%
Sertember 81% 32% Sl« 32%
December ItlTi S3 31% 32%
Mess Pork, per bbl. —
July ....12 75 12 90 12 55 12 75
September 12 80 13 10 12 75 12 !>5
Lard, per 100 lbs. — 1
July....: «i*2% 6 02% 6 77% 6 87%
September 7 00 7 10 6 05 7 05
Ju^ 1U . b £.!T P T 1 'S! 7 25 7 35
September 7 42% 7 fcO 7 40 7 B2%
Future Grain and Provisions.
j Chicago Board of Trade. !
¦ NEW YORK, June 13.— The visible supply
\of train Saturday, June 11. as complied by the
7*few York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat IS 475,000 bushels, decrease 2,128,000
bushelH- corn 4.65*.CK 1 0 bushels. Increase 51,0u0
bushels; oats 5.37S.OrtO bushels, increase 375.000
bushels: rye SSS.O0O bushels. Increase 46,000
I bushels: barley 1,168,000 bushels, decrease
00,000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
Southern California— Cloudy In the morning,
fair during the day: southwest wind*.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday,
with fog in the mornfng and at night; brisk
westerly winds.
A. G. McADIEjJJistrict Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m..
120th meridian time, San Francisco, Juno 13:
f 3 2 2 „«?¦•
¦ S 3EIE-S % ' \
6TATI0NS. J«3| o f. . S°
: f : f ~ S 2.3
' : : * I ? !
: : 5 3-8
* ! ' °" • ;
Cloverdale 95 M Clear ' .00
Eureka 60 48 NW Clear .00
Fresno 1<M 68 W Pt.CIdy .00
Hanford 105 56 .... Clear .00
Nolllster 77 50 W Clear .00
Independence f>4 64 S Cloudy .00
Llvermore flS 55 .... Clear .00
Los Angeles 76 e,0 SW Clear .00
Merced 1P0 54 Clear .00
Napa 82 55 R Clear .00
Newcastle 107 76 NW Clrar .00
Newman 107 64 .00
Palermo 103 S8 Clear .0(>
Forterville 104 04 NW Clear .00
Red muff 11)4 «6 SE Clear .00
Riverside 90 5» .... Clear .00
Sacramento 86 60 S Clear .00
San Diego CS 60 W Clear .00
San Francisco C2 52 W Clear .CO
San Jose 05 59 Clear .<k>
Pan Luis Oblspo 72 43 W Clear .00
Fanta Mdria 79 67 Clear .00
Kama Rosa 80 50 Clear .00
Ftockton Ofl 69 Clear .00
Willows 100 64 E Clear .CO
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hanford — Fruit and grapes excellent; grain
prospects gool; early peachee ripe.
Holllster — Heavy crop of grain In San Juan
Valley; good quality.
Riverside — Alfalfa making; big crop grain;
hay very light.
San Joee- — Foothill corn crop scaled In spots.
Willows— Crar*s doing well; good crop.
Stockton— Peach crop light In sections, but
quality good; heavy crop plums.
Santa Maria — Past warm weather ripening
rraln rapidly; larger amounts of hay than
usually cured.
Llvermore — Hay baling In progress.
Palermo — Early apricot crop a failure.
Napa — Climatic conditions Improving, bene
fiting all crops. Santa Rosa — Conditions etlll
favorable to growing crops.
Newman — Continued hot weather ripening
wheat rapidly.
Cloverdale — Warm weather not doing any
good to vineyards.
A. G. McADIE. Section Director.
RASPBERRIES— $«© 10 per chest; crates
from Newcastle. 75c®$l 25; from Fresno, $2.
GOOSEBERRIES— l%G3c per lb for small
and 6i&7c for English.
* CURRANTS— $2 50^4 per chest.
CHERRIES— In drawers. 50@75c: In bulk.
3@<Sc per lb for Black, 2«4«Me for common
White and 4%©6c for Royal Anne. ..„ " „.
APRICOTS — Small boxes and crates, 50c@|l;
baskets, . •
APPLES— Old, $1 50-g2 25 per box; new
Green 25@50c for small boxes and $1 for large.
I'EARS — 15.fi ROe per box or basket.
PEACHES— OOcJg$l 25 per box.
PLUMS — Clyman, K>1£~Z>c per box; Cherry
Plums. 4O«?5Oc per drawer. \ ' .„ '
CANTALOUPES— $1 for small and $3©4 for
large crates.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $2 50«3 50
for fancy. $1 B04J2 50 for choice and $1@1 50
for standard: Seedlings. $1 2501 50; Valencia*.
$1 B062 50: Mediterranean Sweets. $1 75: Tan
gerines $1 75@2; Lemons, $2 5O#2 75 for fancy,
H bCtti 75 for choice end $101 25 for stand
ard: Grape Fruit. $1 50>92 for seedless and Jltf
Jl B0 for ordinary: Mexican Limes, $4 50<g3 per
case- Bananas, f"Q'J per bunch for Central
American and $1@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$203 per dosen. .
Receipts of Strawberries were lighter than,
usual and there was a good demand for choice
stock, but prices ranged lower, as the bulk of
the receipts were soft and sunburnt as a result
of the recent hot weather. There wer« only
seventeen chests of the Longworth variety re-<
celved and the top quotation was obtained only
for a few odd lots, $8 being about the top for
the general run of offerings. Gooseberries, too
showed the effects of the hot weather and
prices had y a wider range. Other kinds of
Berries wr.re in small supply and steady. Re
ceipts of Cherries were light and looee stock
cleaned up well at firmer prices. Canners and
distillers were buying Royal Annes, the former
paying Be and the latter 5%c per pound. De
ciduous fruits, particularly Apricots, were in
increased supply and prices had a downward
tendency, with large lines of Apricots still un
sold at the close. Figs arrived rather freely
from several sections and eold at $1 50^2 SO
per box. Seedless Grapes were weak at $1 25®
1 50 per crate and prices or Cantaloupe* in
larne crates were reduced. < '
Trade in Citrus fruits was moderately active.
Oranges being the firmest description. Mexican
Limes were in Increased supply and lower. The
steamer Enterprise from Hllo brought up 6000
bunches of Bananas, most of which were too
green to be marketed. At the auction sale
seven cars of assorted Oranges were sold as
follows: Navels. $1 15<a2 25 for choice and
r.0cfi*l for standard; Mediterranean Sweets.
$1 10i?l 80 for fancy and 90c#$l 60 for choice;
choice, Valencia*. $1 55®1 80; fancy St.
Jilchaels, $1 30®l 75.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@10 per chest for Long
worths and 12*84 50 for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— $2©4 per chest for red
and $3ff*4 for black.
BLACKBERRIES — fSffti per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
NEW YORK, June 13. — Tin wag weak, both
In Lc-ndon'and New York. • The English cables
reborted a decline of £1 12s 6d for both spot
and futures, with spot closing at £110 Bs and
futures at £118- lQs. Locally, the market
closed at $2C@26 B0, there not being sufficient
demand to maintain prices, "In'view of the
weakness abroad. .. ." - . .
! Copper declined 3s Od ; ln London to 13s
Od for both spot and ' futures. Locally the
market wa6 rather easier. Lake Is quoted at
$12 50©12 75; electrolytic, $12 50@12 62%;
C *Lead'declIned''6s Od'ln London to £11 10s Cd,
but r<^nalned unchanged at $4 25@4 35 for
Jobbing lots out of store.
Spelter was unchanged at $4 75@H 85 In the
local marke-t and at £21 IBs In London.
Iron closed at Bis 3d In Glasgow and at 42s
3d In Mlddlesboro. Locally. Iron was un
unchanged- No. 1 foundry Northern Is quoted
at $11 50® v 15; No. 2 foundry Southern and No.
1 foundry Southern soft at $13 25'3'W 75.
PlB iron warrants are weak at #9.
Neiu York Metal Market.
Late mail advice* from New York eay:
' < >;.en!ng prices en California dried fruits for
V.K'l have been quite generally made, but are
r.r^ivra with api)arcnt indifference by the dls
trttxrtl&g trade her*. In well-informed quar
: r> th«" opSr.ijn is expressed that, judging from
j.ret-ent ir.dlCfctkmF, the policy adopted last
;. <ar cf Inning the coaft carry the stock and
emrl&g U!«on It for tupplle* when needed 1»
UkrtjF to be followed ajair. lhl« eeafon. Ex- ;
.¦•;n"in the care cf Prunes, prices named on
thi* yrar'« crop are about the same as thesa
I j: <.ut m the beginning ul Iilsi i-ranon. When ,
'!.• ijUcT*tion of £y t c l«aris wut firM maii»» it !
:-• «rsi»-J attractive to one or two buyer* her*.
.; ,-.i!- > of several carload* were made on |
. • basis; but when m<rw seller* appeared In
the BtW with the tame low offering buying
interest ««<-rred to flatten out. Chicago «ems
lo havo Wn a much better niarkn than this,
ludving by r?i>ort(< of e&les mede there on a
•c barif b«ore the lower opening figure was
; ul out. The *xr»irt trade dnes not appear to
Em Istefccted ct the laiter price, thoug-h a«5=
mmt&tj th»t it uill n'-ed lti-ge «:xes. unoe the
¦ r :»-n crr>i*. Ix ing heavy, run to &mall
f'uit Although cca^t advic?s report that
• n«w . rep Peache* have had to be'
advanced ¦ QStftar of a ctnt a t>ound on the
opening r.gures bt-oaute of demand, we do not
i am '.hut any v-ry imimrtant buying has bet-n
0 me ly the jobbing tiade or this p«*ctton. <.>ld
nit cl ti;i* variety i? unusually well cleaned
up ar..l df-mand is reior:»-d to be Increasing. |
• . : -k«;o it again tetk.ng supplies here, but the 1
lrte« are f^r ttcck at leaa than 7c, which ,
\t <^1J to be exce^ingly Fcarce. if at all ob- ,
-nirable New crop Apricots offer on the 1
Ik is of Sc for choir* Koyais In 2*>-lb boxes j
; o. b. coast, but m-e hear of no eales. , Old ¦
n lijht ?urp'y. hut are moving in sm;il
;. t« only «t the quoted prices. California
rtaldns rrr.aln <*':'.! and nominal, while a fair,
.-:¦ r.ana is Tf roncd for the imported kinda.
Government Fruit Crop Report.
Krom the Crop Bulletin. United States De
l-»rtmfr.t cf Agriculture. "WashinKton; D. C.
lor week ended May 30. 1304.
N.w England— All fruits setting well with
favorable prospect*. • .
Vem York— Bc-rrioK prcmisirg: peaches liRht;
I^ars murh <Janiait«-d: other fruit promising.
New J.rtxy— Strawberry picking commenced ;
SfopCbetter than
Uarrlaad and Delawar* — Fruit prospects ex
,.;>,rt in wt*t; fair rtsewhcfca: ftrawberrles
plentiful but ytela reduced by «i ™ug h t
Vlrpinla— Oood crop of apples indicated,
' ' N^rta^'Wrtllfis— Imrroved prospects for
r V;fi>r?ia— P>»ch outlook encouraging; bfrry
crop materially Ehort«ne4 by drought.
Florida— Much citrus fruit lo*t; PjK*e«.
vsnftilea «nd pineapples being shipped; rain
badly neciied. • - ¦
Alabama— Late -peaches promising. :
Arkansas — Average crop of apple* and
peaches promised.
Trnnc'Sse* — Outlook for fruit fair.
Kentucky — Li*rht fruit crop indicated.
w Mlssoi:ri— Apr!*- prospecU declining
P Ii;incie— Apples drovpixiK extensively; other
fruit* promising except peaches.
Indiana— Fruit. *xcept loaches, promleing.
Wett Virginia— Prospects for good fruit crop
continue excellent. ,
Ohio— Arr!«*- rears, rlums cherrie* and
Teaches *honingr <larr.aRir.|r effect of prerioui!
«.>ld: some vineyards in extreme north show
V MlfWca'n— All fruits except peaches continue
srucoastn— Frolta and berries show rapid
i-r.d abundant growth.
l cw8 _Con4!tions favorable for fruits.
NVbratka— Cherries promise full crop; apple*
not so nood.
Casea*— Apples and peach* s proatWn«.
Montana— Heavy frotts injured fruits, but
Icaht-fctra* berries in market: melons do-
Iflg well.
roiorado — Fruit prcrcisJng.
("tali— Fruit dolnK well.
N- vj-da— Kruits setting well.
Wayhir.rV'n— Severe frosts Injured rtrawber
r;e« in counties.
Oregon Strawberries, and apples in good
. :.:it!on; cherries, pears and i<achcs fair to
frood.
Flour Exports in May.
t~_ Barrtls. Value.
>,' iro 1.4O I5.S.15
; : ,^l America ......... .«.!£ «;«
ti£" -".:•:::::::::: K ftB!
" ••jna _,„ I r .»
v Hawaiian Islands «.<•« -"2-211
W Tahiti l.l'"* 1 4,.'.»*
lUrshaU Ulzni* r f' Jj^T'
EamoaA Islands « -"•'
T'tsi* ».«« $123,572
fn May 1303. tbe exports were ril.Ctt bar-
T»lt. xalVed at J214.»C'.. The shipments to
rt|M were hesny that month, aggregating
14. M0 barrels. vslu<>d at 1103,789.
J Feather Report.
.fl^rtth M«-riaian— raclflc Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. June 13—3 p. m.
The following msr.'.mum and minimum t»m-
r pritur«-s ere reportcl for the preceding day
from Eastern clUea:
IJoaton 52-50' WaBhington 75-52
Nrw OTlcan» KT.-74 6t. Loui* «2-«;S
fincinnaU M-ta New York 72-56
Philadelphia 74-5C Jarkmrnvllle 76-68
THE COAST RECORD.
I tin h tlM
STATIONS. 2. , I ? § |§ ? - s
fit : i I
n a v, r 29«* W 4 * N Clear ioo
i-wmn 23.S2 8<5 4« W Clear .00
rurrka SO. 02 CO 4* NW < - lear .00
r'rVcno 23.74 104 68 W Ft.CIdy .<>0
to K. E Farallon.ai.91 6» 47 fi Clear .00
IF Flagstaff 23. M *2 42 NW Cloudy .00
Pooitello 2».SW W> 42 EW Clear .*»
lndei*n<i«ne« 4U.7* W *•* B Cloudy ..IK)
UaAC«let..J>JI2 7« «0 SW Clear .00
Mi T«unalp!U8.:».*i9 M 74 N Clear .00
Vonh 1Im»<1...-«'.0G r>4 .'.2 >Vl • luudy .Wl
rho^tiix 2» «* l fiS "- p<tvr .Of)
n Rtye* Lt..»»>4 C4 « FE Cloudy .«K)
rnrtliind 3TP2 W5 .'.8 W Cloudy .00
Tied Bluff 29.74 104 «« SB Clear- .00
no»»U)"rg ...,2i».»2 88 M NW Clear .«>
S»<-r«rnento ..23.76 »« «« « Clear, .(K)
halt Lake »».00 W B0 NW /Clear .00
Han Franclsco.29.M »3 62 W Clear .00
San L. Obl!>r>o.2i».{«2 72 48 W Clear .00
Han Dl«-go.... 29.1*2 KS fiO W Clear .00
£*auie 30.O2 7S 50 NW Pt.CIdy .00
stwikane .30.0X1 80 4<J NW Cloudy .00
T-ktooah" " ...'M.W 5C 48 FW Clear .00
Walla Walla.. 29.W4 *4 50 FE Pt.CIdy .OO
Wlrnemucca .a».»«« H« « NW Clear . -00
y urnM rJ.60 1CS 72 HW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
'.' h.- presrure has fallen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific slope, . ... -.
" i-ftf. «-*atrtr-r continues very warm In the In
terior of Oamomia and afternoon temperatures
«xt«*d lOd df-STccs at many points.
Alone th<f coa#t frero H»a Francisco to Point
CohW-piion" there hat. been a fall of from 8 to
A nfaxlnium wind' velocity -of 3« miles from
fh« nJr"hwerf »* -reported ot North Head.' •• j
fFororaPt made at -San Francisco for thirty
hours «rsdlng midnight. June 14: ¦
Korthem California— Fair Tuesday; not so
»«rra In the Interior; light wnstherly winds in
tnnd freah westerly wind* on the coaat, with
/ec' '
New Crop Dried Fruits in New
York. '
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less SO
per cent for shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%©8%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 6%e7c; thin Cows. 485c per lb.
CALVES— 434 %e per lb (gross weight). • '
SHEEP— W«thers. 3K83%e; Ewes. 2£83<1
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 25® 2 80 per head.
HOGS— Live Hoga, 140 to 200 Iba, Be:
200 to 250 lbs. 4%e: over 230 lbs. 4He: soft
Hogs, nominal; Sows. 20 per cent off: Boars.
SO per cent off. and Stags. 4O per cent off from
above Quotations. -
Gfneral Merchandise.
BAGS— Orala Bags, 0%c; San Quentln. $5 40:
Wool Bags. 32935c; Fleece Twine. 7«9o.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welltna.
ton. $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $8 UK Beaver
Hill. $5 60; Stanford. $7; Roslyn $7;. Coos '
Bay. $3 50; Greta. $7: WaUsend. $7: Richmond.
$7 30; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 28 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lamp.
$11 60: Cannet. IS W> per ton: Coke. $11 50O13
per ton In bulk and $13 In «acka; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 43, per 2000 lbs and $12 SO
per long ton according to brand.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels: for eases
add 3c: Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled aad
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, Tdc;
Bakers' AA. $1 10&1 12; Lucol. 43c for boiled
and 43c for raw; .China Nut. 60<970c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil in barrels. BSe for Ceylon and BSo
.tor Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
OH. 68c ; natural winter Sperm OH. 83c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c; natural Wbal*
Oil. 62c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 73e:
No. 1 Lard Oil. 69c; pur* Neatsfoot Oil. T3e;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c; light Herrtna; Oil.
42c; dark Herring Oil. 40c; Salmon OH. 34c:
boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 33c; boiled
Paint Oil. 83c; raw Paint Oil. 81c
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral. 2Oc:
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 2«c;
Eocene. 23c: Deodorize,! Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c; in cases. 22%e; Benzine In bulk.
13c: In cues. 19%c: 86-degree GaioUne. la
bulk. 25c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE: — Sic per gallon la cases aad
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. T%©
7%c per lb: White Lead. 7Vi©7%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed 5.95c:
Powdered. 8.80c; Candy Granulated. 3.S0c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 3.70c: Dry Granulated, coarse
6.70c; Fruit Granulated. 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). S.SOc: Confectioner**
A. 3.70c: Magnolia A S.SOc: Extra C, 5.20c;
Golden C. 8.10c; "D. 6c: barrels 10c more;
half barrels. 23c more: boxes. 60c more; 3A-Ib
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.20c; boxes. 8.43c; H. & E. Crystal
Domino*. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
lesa than seventy- five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. JUNE 13.
Flour, qr sks ..lOfl.373! Tallow, ctls ... 4TB
Wheat, ctls 14.111 Quicksilver, ftks. »CS
Barley, ctls 7.770 Hides, No. .... Jtt
Corn West, ctls 1.200 Pelts. No. .... 5.8.T.1
Potatoes ska .. l.BW»' Leather roll* .. 223
Onions, sks ... 347|Llme. bbls ..... 45*
Bran sks 1 — . 3901 Paper reams ... I.^i 0
Middlings, sks.. 100|wine. vala ... 44.72T:
Hay. tons 633. Beans, sks J.7W
Wrv»i, bales ... 104'Screenlngs. sks.. 244
Feed, ska 330!3horts. sks 100
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 4.104! Chop Feed. sks. 1.20*
Potatoes, sks .. 3,1621
Receipts of Butter and Eggs fell oft sharply
yesterday, as will be seen, and were the
smallest for a long time. The Butter market
was not affected thereby, as the decrease was
largely due to the delay In the arrival of the
Humboldt steamer. Some of the arrivals were
soft, owrhy to Ia3t week's hot .wave, but most
of the stock was In good condition. The mar
ket was utili reported dull. .
The situation In Cheese remained unchanged.
Eggs were likewise unaffected by the falling
off in receipts, and dealers quoted the same
prices that ruled at the close of the week.
The retailers are not disposed to pay top quo
tations if they can help it. as they are looking
for stock that they can retail for 25c. Th%
market Is slow, as usual at this time of the
year.
Receipts were 32,200 lbs Butter. 439 caaet
Eggs and 440O lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first' hands. 18%ei0c
for extras and 17%@lSc for firsts; dairy. 16*9
17%c; store Butter. 13013c; cold storage, nom
inal.
CHEESE — 808%c for good to ¦ choice new
and 6®7c for lower 'grades; Young Americas,
9@9%c; Eastern. 12%fiHc; Western. 11912s
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. - 2 1 623c fo» fair to choice:
store, 16® 19c; Eastern, 2Of21c for firsts and
1(>%®1Sc for seconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ; July. Sept.
Opening 6 3% 0 4
Closing 63 64
" PARIS.
Wheat — June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening' 20 10 20 20 •
Closing '. 20 05 20 20 j
Flour— . '
Opening 27 40 27 35
Closing 27 35 27 40
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, June 13. — Wool — Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 18@23%c;
light fine, heavy tine, 12@13c; tub
washed, 21©32c. '
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. . June 13.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 70c; bluestem, 78c; valley, 79c
-WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 13.— WHEAT— lo lower;
bluestem, 81c: club. 71c.
, Northern Business.
SEATTLE June 13.— Clearings, $793,142;
balances $1^2,019.
TACOMA, June 18.— Clearings, $401,203; bal
ances, $88,578.
PORTLAND, June 13. — Clearings, $804 653;
balances, $62,186. >
SPOKANE. June /13. — Clearings, $499,3S8;
balances, $58,414.
Foreign Futures.
WaU-street Stocks weaker on the day. Cotton also off.
Sik'C r and Exchange as before quoted.
}l'!:rot oud Barley quiet, with the latter lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye inactive at previous prices.
Hay zieak and quiet. Feedstuff s lightly offered and firtii
Beans moving slowly at the familiar quotations.
Sharp falling off in receipts of Butter and Eggs.
Sales cf nczv crop Dried Peaches reported. \
Previsions continue quiet here and in the West.
A'rrr Potatoes active and firm, but old crop dull. — - • j
Onions and Vegetables easy under large supplies. . t
Poultry easy, the demand being very light.
Berries shilling the effects of the recent hot weatli^r.
Limes lower. Xczv Bananas on the market. .
I Miscellaneous Markets. |
Del. Lack & West. 100 2C7 267 267
Denver & Kio G... 100 20U .20% -20 j
Pen & R G pfd... 1'<H> 70% 70 H0% !
Erie 7.100 24* '23%. 23H
Erie let pfd 2,500 MM4 5N«; * BS», !
Erie 2d pfd 2U0 35> /8 35Vi 35 ]
Hocking Valley 05 ¦
Hocking Valley pM 79V4 ¦
Illlnoi* Central 700 130}i 129% 129H !
Iowa Central loO 16'A 16<A 16 i
Iowa Central pfd 23
K C Southern 400 20<i 20 20VI j
K C Southern pfd.. 800 41 S9 39% |
Louis & Nash 1.400 1(«V4 W*% 108}? t
Manhattan L 2,500 145 144^ 144^
Metropolitan Sees.. 2,500 80% 79% 79
Metropolitan Hi Ky 10,200 114U| 112'vi J IS Vi
Mexican f'entral .. noy ;»>, 7i H ~i.
Minn & St Louf> ...! 43 •
M. St PiSSiT. 200 b'2 1^ 62Wi <J2 !
M.StP &. SS M pfd .... 116 (
Missouri I'aciflc 5,600 01% »0H HI '4 |
Mo, Kan & Texas. 300 lG»i l(}4s 16 1 ,*
M; K & T pfd 000 33^, 30* . »oU |
, Ml R is Mex pfd 35^ j
New York Central. 100 115U 115'A 115
Norfolk & Western. 200 50H ' 65% 65% j
Nor & West pfd .... 85 I
Ontario i- Western 39,700 28Vi 25 25«4 '
Pennsylvania A... 17.500 115H 114Vi 114(5 i
P. C. C & St Louis. 600 C8 57 88
fading 43,200 48tf 47% 47U
Reading 1st pfd 100 81% Slty 81 I
Reading 2U- pfd . 200 66 60 «io . I
Hock Island Co....- 3,000 21 U 20% 2OV4 '
| Rock Island Co pfd 600 tutL «4 «3U
j StL & SF 2d pfd.. 600 40V4 -45 45Vi
St Louis S W 200 12 11% ll'i
St Louis S W pfd. 200 30 30 29
Southern Pacific... 12,300 47% 46*i 46%
Southern Railway.. 1,800 21 \' t 21 ' 20%
Southern Ry pfd... 500 64?4 81% 84%
Texas & Pacific... 300 21% 21% 21 ,
I T. St L &-W „ ..J! 23% i
T. StL&Wpfd.. 100 37% 37% 86%'
Union Pacific 17,500 R0 85 85% j
Inlon Pacific pfd.. 100 92% 02% 92 ;
100 16V4 16Vi 1« ]
abash pfd 1,600 35 34 34 U '
VTieellng & L E n
"VViscoRlin Central. 100 17U 17i; 1U
Wisconsin Cen pfd- 3UU SSft aa% as
Express Companies —
Adams ..... .... •; .... 225
American ' igi
United States ........ 103
Wells- Fargo ' 203
Miscellaneous — ' *¦ • • ' ¦
Amalgam Copper. .9,600 BO -49% 49%
Am- Car & Found. 100 16% 16% 16%
Am Car & F pfd.. 10U 70% 70% 70
Am Cott.m Oil 400 j 26% 25' 23%
Am Cot Oil pfd 100 90 s » 00 SS
Am Ice tiOO 6*4 6»i 6«i
Ain Ice pfd mo 27% 27% 26»- 4
Am Unseea Oil . . . .... -.:7.- .. ..'¦¦ 8
Am Un Oil pfd... .... .... ...... 23
Am Locomotive ... 100 10% 19% 19
Am Locomo pfd .. 200 82% 82% 82
Am Smelt & Ref... 3,tKK) {W% 63% 53«
Am Smelt & R pfd. 2.800 >»7% 1)8*4* 9S%
Am Sugar Ref 300 120% J26 125%
Anaconda MIn Co 70
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 12.300 4S% 47% 47%
Cclo Fuel & Iron.. 100 3o SO SO
j Consolidated Gaa.. 1,100 190H" 189% 1S9%
Corn Products 200 10»4 10% 10%
Com Products pfd. "100 67% 67% 67 '
Distillers Secur ... 100 20 20 ' 19»4
General Electric... 7«0 J57% 157% 157'
Internat I'aper 300 11 10% 10«i
Internat Paper pfd ' 67%
Internat Pump 30—.
Internat Pump pfd 70 .
National Lead 1,300 22 21?4 ' 21*4
North American .. .'. R3'
Pacific Mail ' " °5
Peoples Gas -400 ,94 Wi «6%
Pressed Steel Car.. 200 26% 26«i 26V4
Pressed a Car pfd iio
Pullman Pal Car 211
Republic Steel 100 6% 6% 6V1
Republic Steel pfd. 100 4O»4 40% 40
Rubber Goods 15
Rubber Goods pfd. 731,4
Tenn Coal & Iron. 1,200 3.'.% 34% 34%
U S Leather 10<) 6?{ 6*4 6%
I T S Leather pfd... 5C0 80 79*i 70%
D S Realty ."{00 0 6 fl'
U S Realty pfd ... 900 69% 57% 60%
IT S Rubber l«
U S Rubber pfd... 300 60% 60 64%
IT S Steel 2,000 9U 9 9%
1' S Steel pfd .... 17.300 54% R3% 84
Westtnghse Elect.. 100 156 156 155
Western Union 87%
Total sales ...276,700
UNITED. RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, June 13.— No bond transactions
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4'4, asked 4%; preferred, bid
.">-\, asked :):•.
NEW TORK BONDS.
V S ref 2a reg.,104% l. & N. unified 4s.lO2
Do coupon 105^ Man con gold- 4s.ll«%
Do 3s reg 105% Mex Cent 4a «2U
Do coupon 106 Do 1st lnc 12%
Do new 4s reg. 132V. Minn & St L 4b. 86
Do coupon 132%|M. K & Tex 4s.. ftS% i
Do old 4s reg.100 | Do 2ds 7S 1
Do coupon 107 NR of Mex con 4s 74 i
Atch gen 4s 101%l N Y C gen 3%s..l00% !
Do arfj 4s 91% N J C gen 5s. V..1.12 !
Atlantic C L 4a. »5%|Nor Pac 4s 104
Hal & Ohio 4s. ..102% Do 3s 75% I
l>o 3%s 05% Nor & W con 4s. tm*i
Central of Ga 5s.l(Xt OSL 4g & partlc. 93%
Do 1st inc 73% Pa« conv 3%« »5«4
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO5 Reading gen 4s.. .100%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 79 H L & I M con 5S.115U
C. B & Q new 4s. 95% S L & S F fg 4s. 82*4
CM & SP gn 4*.lfW(% st Louis SW lets. 94
C & N\V con 7s.l2S% Beaboard A L 4s. 70'/.
C. R I & Pac 4s. 69 |So Pacific 4s 91
Do col f>s 7ft % So Railway 5b.. .11714
C.C.C & SLgn 4s. 99 (Tex & Pac 1st*. 117%
Chi Term 4« HUT, St L A. W 4s. 70
Cons Tobacco 4s. «2%l Union Pac 4s lOSU
Colo & So 4s R2% Do conv 4s yn
Colo F & I 6s... 70 i' s Steel 2d 5s.. 74U
Dtn & Rio Q 4s. 99% Wabash lsts 1161,1
Erie prior lien 4s. 93% | Do deb B S8
Do gen 4s 85%|W & L Erie 4b... 8»%
F W & D C lsts.104 Wla Central 4s... 90
Hock Val 4%s...lOS%|
NEW YORK MINING STOCK8.
Adams Con 25| Little Chief ..... 05
Alice 20lOntario 373
Ureece 10 Ophlr 4 00
iJrun? Con 14 Phoenix 10
Com Tunnel .... 09 Potosl n
Con Cal & Va. .. 1 20| Savage id
Horn Sliver < 1 351 Sierra Nev sg
Iron Sliver 1 K0! Small Hopes .... is
Leadvllle Con ... 02| Standard 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— US Steel.. s%
Call loans . ..:2%fM% Do pfd B«i
Time loans ...3%®t% Westing Common. 77
Bonds— Mining — |
Atrhlson 4a loo Adventure 1
Do adj 4s 90% Allouez 51,:
Mex Cent 4s... '..100 Amal Copper 40U
Railroads — Amer Zinc 9%
AtchlKon 70% Atlantic 7»:
Do pfd 9J Bingham 20 T 4
Boston & Albany. 241 Calumet & Hecla.455'
Boston & Maine.. 16-"t% Centennial ]j)
Boston Elev 147 Copper Range 42
Fitchburg pfd... .133 Daly West 2.1%
Mex Central 6% Dom Coal 53U
N Y. N H & H..18$% Franklin 7
I'ere Marqurttey'.. 78 Granry 3 3.10
Union Pacific... 84% Isle Royale 7
Miscellaneous — JMans Mining .... 3%
Amer Arge Chem. 13%| Michigan 314
Do pfd 73 I Mohawk 40
Amer Pneu Tube. 4%|Mont Coal & Coke 4U
Amer Sugar 12« Old Dominion 12«i
Do pfd 124% Osceola t>0
Amer Tel & Tel . 128 Vi I Parrot 24
Arner Woolen ... 10%|Qulncy sp
Do pfd 74% Shannon *¦. r.%
Dom Iron A S... 7H|Tamarack 90
Ed Elect Ilium.. .234% I Trinity 3U£
Gen Electric ..-..157 IU S Mining 19%
Mass Electric 18% US Oil..." !»<§
Do pfd 70 Utah 3ft
Mags Gbji 39% Victoria 2
United Fruit 112 Wlnona 514
Un Shoe Mach... 49% Wolverine 71 U
Do pfd 29Vi "
London Closing Stocks.
Cons fm- money.. 90 IN Y Central .... H8«i
Do for acct 90% Nor & Western... 67%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd sn
Atchlson 73H Ont & Western... 25%
Do pfd 97 Pennsylvania r.nil
Bal *. Ohio 81% Rand Mines ... 10%
Can Pacific 121% Reading ......" 24V?
Ches A O*lo 32% Do 1st pfd..... 42
Chi Great West. . 14 So Railway N 22"4
Chi. Mil & St P.14«% Do pfd ..... «7 ii
De Beern 19% 80 Pacific ....... 4$ii
Den & Rio G 20% Union Pacific fis
Do pfd 72 Do pfd 05
Erie 24% U 8 Steel Su
Do 1st pfd 60% Do pfd B3%
Do 2d pfd 36% Wabanh 17^"
111 Central 133% Do pfd id
Louis & Nash 112 Spanish 4s 85U
M K * Texas... 17 '*
Bar silver — Steady, 25%d per ounco.
Money — 2% per. cent. ¦ • . • ¦ „
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent and for three
months' bills 2U62% per cent.
The Stock Exchange will be closed Saturday
June 18.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 13. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $160,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption^ shows: Avail
able cash balance, $166,601,033; ggld, $68,123,
061. ,
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 13.— Cotton futures closed
steady. June, 11.7Sc; July, 11.89c; August,
11.34c; September, 10.27c; October, 0.83c; No
vember,^ -0.72c; December, 9.75c; January,
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Two cars of Western Poultry were at hand,
but only one was put on sale and that met with
a rather sluggish demand. . THe receipts of do
mestic were light, but carrl^d-over stock wan
offering freely and .the market was easy for
everything except large young Roosters and
Fryers. Game waa in light receipt 'and steady
for good -sound stock.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15®16c per 1b;
Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings. $1 5O«
I 75; Ducks, $l@r. per Cozen for old and
*4 C0(g5 50 for young; Hens. *5 50@6 50 , for
large and $4 50-55 for small; young Roosters.
$7 50©9; old RoosUrs. $4 60@5; Fryers. $3 50®
6 50; Broilers. |3®4 for large and $2 2562 50
for small; Pigeons. $1 60 per doxen for old and
$1 73C2 for Squabs. . • „ _.
GAME: — Hare. $1 50 per deaen; Rabbits; $1 i3
®2 for Cottontails and $1 per dozen for brush.
Poultry and Game.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market shows
no quotable change, but buyers recently have
been showing a little more Interest and the
general tone of the market consequently Is a
shade steadier. Common are quoted at 49
5Wc; prime, 5#c; choiee. 6@GWc; fancy, 7c.
PRUNES — Are attracting some attention for
future delivery and the market showg steadi
ness, particularly In larger sizes, although
prices still range from. 2%c to 6%c, according
' APRICOTS— Are firm and unchanged at 9%
©•10c for choice, 10Vi@10%c for extra choice
and ll<JH3c for fancy.
PEACHES— Remain unchanged. Choice are
held at 7®7 1 ,ic; extra choice, 7&@8c; fancy,
PETROLEUM— Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot KIo, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
7c; mild, steady; Cordova. 9%@13c. The mar
ket for coffee futures closed steady net un
changed to 6 points higher. Total sales, 64.750
bags. Including July 5.90<g5.05c; September.
0.15C0.20c; December,' 6:45c; March, 6.75#
0.80c; May, C.IW<8>0.t)5c. ».
SUGAR— Raw. steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal. t>U test. 3} S c; molassi-s sugar, 3&c;
reflned, 6teady.
BUTTER — Steady. Creamery, common to
extra 13S/18yic; State dairy, common to extra,
13B17Hc.
CHEESE — Steady. State, full oream. colored,
7Viig"T4c, small white. «%@7%c; large colored,
744«7%e; large white, 0%@7%c.
EGGS — Weaker. Western extra, 17H@18c;
flmS ' 1014 ® nC bRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Juno 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
1U.500 barrels; exports, 10,200 barrels. About
steady, but slow. ¦ _
WHEAT — Receipts, 33,000 bushels; exports,
r.O.'.lSr bushels.* Spot, quiet: No. 2 red, nomi
nal elevator; No. 2 red, $1 11 f. o. b. afloat;
No 1 Northern Duluth. $1 07*4 f. o. b. afloat;
No! 1 hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened lower In response to bearish
cables and weather news. Wheat developed
surprising strength later In the day and closed
SSI We higher. July, 01@02%e, closed 02^c:
September. 84V4685 7-16C. closed, 85*0; De
cember. 83@H4%c. closed 84Hc
HOPS — Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
New York Grain and Produce.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. June ,13.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 10,000. Steady to 10c lower. Native
steers, $4 50(36 35; native cows and heifers.
$2 ZtygS 50; stockers and feeders, $3 25@4 00;
bulls, $3@4 50; calves, $2 75@4 75; Western
steers, (4 50@5 80; Western cows, $2 50<g5.
HOGS— Receipts, 8000; strong; bulk of sales,
$4 7O©4 85; heavy, $4 S0®4 02% packers, $4 70
®4 85; pigs and lights. $4 25@4 75.
SHEEP — Receipts, 5500. Market steady. Na
tive lambs, $4 50@5 60: Western lambs, $5 25®
7; range wethers, $4 25@5; ewes, $.: 50<y t 75.
Kansas City Stock Quotations.
9.70c Spot oloeed quiet, 48 points lower. Mid
dling" uplands. 12.40c; - middling gulf, 12.65c.
Pales, 1250 bales. ¦ , - "
NKW YORK, June 13.— The cotton market
closed within a' point or two of the bottom,
at a decline of 2SS31 points. The Cotton Ex
change will bo closed Saturday.
3''i©4c per lb; String;' and Wax Beans, 3® 5c
per lb; Tomatoes. 60c<3$l per box or crate for
Los Angeles, 91 25 for Mexican and fl 25 for
Mississippi: Summer Squash, 50@?5c per box
for southern and $1 50@'J for bay; Cabbage. $1
per ctl; Carrots, $1 25 per sack; Cucumbers,
$Kii 25 per box; Garlic, GQxte per lb: Egg
Plant, . 7fJ10c per lb: Dried Peppers, 8©10e for
sun-dried and 12m?13c per lb for evaporated;
Dried Okra. 12H ( 8l5c per lb; Green Peppers.
fijise per lb; Marrowfat Squash. Jobbing, at
IVj'3-c per lb.
$4 75@5 25: common and stockers, $3 25-35 10;
lambs. $5 75®7. :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1904.
STOCK MAKKET.
OMAHA, Ncbr., June 13.— CATTLE— Re
celpti* 2500.' .'Active, steady to strong. Native
Hteers', $4 50<86 10; cows and jheirers, . $:! 50@5;
canners. $2(^3: stockers and feeders. f.1ft~4 10;
calves, $2 50«5 SO; bulls and stags, $2 7504 SO.
HOG3 — Receipt*, • 6000. Shade stronger.
Heavy, $4 Km* O2',4; mixed, $4 77%@4 82%;
light, $4 70®4 80; pigs, $4@4 60; bulk of dales,
ti 77H4?4 87^. ' ¦ ' '"'-
SHEEP— Receipts, 700. Steady. Western
yearlings, . $5Q 5 60; , wethers, $5&5 50; ewes,
Omaha Cattle Market.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . . ¦ -
BEEP— £©7o for Steers and 5@6c . per 1b
for Cows. ¦ '
VEAL— Lance, S07c; small. 7\5©Oc per tb
MUTTON— Wethers. «H4jTc; Ewes. 5%66*ao
per lb. .
LAMB— 763o per lb.
- PORK— Dressed HofB. 6H«Siftc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
• Tbe following quotation* are for rood, sound
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
s» Special Auction Sale &,
At ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 SIXTH .ST.. . ~.
WEDNESDAY, June 15. at 11 a. m.
By order cf A. C. TEBBS- of Students' Sta-
bles of Palo Alto. I will sell the contents, of
the above stables, consisting of 33 GOOD
HORSES (work and driving). 1 wagonette or
bus. 4 surreys, 1 3-seated surrey. 5 runabouts,
1 top buggy. 1 light rubber-tired hack., to
sets of harness (single and double). 1 llgbt
farm wagon. This stock of horses and car-
riages is all In good condition and only used
a short time. Stock can be s»en at our sta-
bles, 327 Sixth street. Tuesday before the* sale.
Positively no limit or reserve.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
JCW By ordA of J Ryan of Sallnajs I will
~**" sell a car of good gentle horses.; afso
all kinds of boggles, wagons, carts, surrey*
and 40 sets harness, 1 pdRy. 1 fast pacer.
TUESDAY. June 14. 11 a. m.. at 1140 rOI*-
8OM ST. WM. CLOCGH. auctioneer.
£t*
Two carloads gentle draught horses, 1400 to
1800. from Slskiyou County. Ready to go to
work. FRED H. CHASE A CO.. 1732 Market.
¦ A bargain in Berkeley real es-
tate; *H© » llmittd amount of
flm-daia itock for ¦•!• tH»t will
Day irood dividends. Some ot
beat business m«a to dty •*•
stockholders and * director*). Call
and ft names. PACXPIC COAST
TUTJST CO, 708 Marie t St-.
Boom* 60*-3.
ADVEBT1SEME2JTS.. FOR NEW TRIAL.— The defendant's bill of
exceptions and statement on motion for a
new trial were filed yesterday in the case of
Mary H.' Grim against • the National Union.
This U the ease wherein Mrs. Grim seeks to
recover $5000 on an Insurance certificate. for
her husband's death. He disappeared - and af
ter eighteen months' was supposed to bava'
commuted suicide. .
. This is Flag day. The national en
sign should be' flung to the winds, us
it Is the anniversary of the adoption
of the flag first suggested by Miss
Betsy Ross of Combridge. Mass., to
Washington and adopted by Congress
on June 14, 1777. -
The Flac's Birthday.
Marine Engineers Wanted.
.The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion on June 30 to fill a vacancy in
the position of engineer on the steam
launch in the customs service at As
toria, Or., at $90 per month. Apply
to the secretary of the local board at
the custom-house at Astoria, Or., for
anolication 1093.
President "W. J. French of San
Francisco Typographical Union No. 21
has filed an answer to the Citizens' Al
liance in the suit wherein the union
seeks to restrain the alliance from us
ing its label. French's reply is by af
fidavit. He denies that the union was
formed to prevent the employment of
any person, but to secure employment
for its members; denies that It was
formed for the purpose of compelling
employer^ to pay any rate of wagqs,
but to secure fair play for its mem
bers; denies that it was formed for the
purpose of destroying-competition In
the printing trades, but to secure em
ployment for its members only by rea
son of superior quality of-workman
ship; denies that the union takes "in
incompetent workmen, and avers that
those who demand the use of the la
bel on their printed matter derive sub
stantial benefits. The affidavit is sup
ported by Harry L. White, C. F. Wpl
ters and T. D. McKenna, members of^
the executive committee of the Typo
graphical Union.
French Answers Alliance.
Superior Judge Kerrigan yesterday
granted a writ of habeas corpus for
the person of Leslie Falkenherg to be
produced in Judge Dunne's depart
ment to-morrow. The writ was ap
plied for by Victor Falkenberg, who
alleged that his son has been in the
custody of the Sheriff since March 30,
having been arrested on a warrant is
sued by Judge Mogan and which, it
is alleged, did not state a specific of
fense. ' '
Falkenberg, at the time of the ar
rest, was not living with the mother
of his child. It was said that he
wanted to see the little one and the
mother took It to his house for a visit.
Then Falkenberg secured her arrest
on a charge of abandoning the babe.
Justice Mogan dismissed the case
against her and gave the man the lim
it for not caring for his offspring.
Falkenbcrg Seeks Freedom.
HONOLULU, June 4. — Investigations so
far completed into the shortage in the Terri
torial Land Office Indicate that the total
amount of the embezzlements is more than
$20,000.
Some very swell wedding invitations come
from Edward S. Knowles. 24 Second street. *
Explodes Cracker Between Iiips.
8o»« tiggtr boy» told four- year-old Horac*
Hebrides, who lives at 7 Hampton place.
th«t th« manly way to shoot firecrackers waa
to hold them between hi« lips, cigarette
fashion, and allow the explosion to occur
imder hi» noee. Horace tried it yesterday
xnorsicr and when hlj mother got him to the
Harbor Hospital her little boy had lips that
for «x» and ahap« would have delighted the
•oul of a Zulu chief. Surgeon Hill did what
he could for the little chap, but for son«
weeks Hot Acs autt submit to having his
mouth washed out with a liquid which will
refiue* the swelling and ecare off the lockjaw
rerm» and other dangers that may have been
hidden la the filrty little paper cannon.
NEW POSTOFFICE STATION.— Postofflce
Station J has been instituted at 1202 Masonic
avenue, on premises owned by Dr. Lee O.
Rodgers. It will be a money order and regis
try station and will have a force of carriers.
It will be open on July 1.
Fancy vests at cost. See window. Tom
Dillon, Hatter, opposite Palace. •
The Ancient Order of Hibernians will
have their annual picnic at Schuetzen
TzrV. on July 4. Lunches for the picnic
may be cooked on a gas range from S F
Gaa and Electric Co.. 415 Post street. •/¦
WALKER ESTATE.— Superior Judge Coffey
yesterday ordered the final distribution of the
California estate of Joseph R. Walker, the
Utah mining man and banker, who died in
Bait Lake City. The estate here amounted to
119,278 48.
Murlne Eye Remedy cures Sore Eye*.
Makes weak Eyes strong. Murlne doesn't
¦mart, it soothes. •
Department Commander C. T. Rice,
Grand Army of the Republic, with
Adjutant General John H. Roberts
and General C. E. Woodruff left last
night for San Jose to visit the_ Grand
Army posts at that place, as, well as
the Woman's Relief Corps there. Fri
day they will go to visit the encamp
ment at Petaluma.
Major W. Owen arrived from the
Philippines on the Logan yesterday
and has gone to the general hospital
for -treatment.
Colonel Stephen P. Jocelyn, Four
teenth Infantry, arrived from Manila
yesterday on the Logan. He will at
once enter on his duties as chief
of staff of the Pacific Division. He
is accompanied by his wife and fam
ily.
Major Tom Adams of the inspector
general's department reported to
headquarters yesterday. He will act
as assistant to Colonel Pratt, relieving
Major Wisser, who will go to Fort
Mlley as commanding officer.
Colonel Henry G. Sharpe, commis
sary department, arrived from Manila
yesterday on his way to New York
and Europe in the hope of benefiting
his health. He Is accompanied by
Mrs. Sharpe. They are registered a:
the^ Palace. -'•:>"
General MacArthur will make his
annual inspection of the cantonment
at the Presidio to-day. Under this in
spection will be include.d the Tenth
and Twenty-eighth regiments of in
fantry stationed there. Captain F. L.
Winn will accompany the general on
this tour.
Orders have been received here abol
ishing the military district of San
Diego. Fort Rosecrans will hereafter
be under the jurisdiction of San Fran
cisco.
General MacArthur Will Pay Annual
A'isit to Infantry Camp . at
That Post.
At Trinity M. E. Church, corner
Market, Noe and Sixteenth streets, the
Epworth League is conducting an im
portant course of scientific lectures by
Professor J. G. Roger, M.D., Ph.D.
The subject this evening at 7:45 will
he "Science of the New Life";
Wednesday, 7:45, "The Scientific
Basis of Prayer": Thursday. 7:45,
"Science of the New Man:*; Friday,
7:45. "Cause and Effect or Science of
Retribution."
Judging from the first lecture last
Sunday night on "The God of Science,
or the Scientific Basis for Believing
In God," the public may expect a week
of rare intellectual good things. The
lectures are all free, but a collection
yrlll be taken to meet expenses.
Professor J. G. Roger Is to Give
Course Under Auspices of
Eptrorth League. .
CANTONMENT AT PRESIDIO
WILL BE INSPECTED TO-DAY
INTERESTING LECTURES
ON SCIENCE ANNOUNCED
At the meeting of the Fourth of
July committee yesterday in the
Mayor's office it was unanimously
voted to request' all San Francisco
merchants to decorate their places of
business on the national anniversary.
This action was taken at the sug
gestion of the Rev. Father Caraher, a
member of the committee. It was also
decided to urge all employers to give
their employes a holiday.
Charles Boxton was chairman of
the meeting and George W. Edwards
secretary. J. C. O'Connor was elected
grand marshal for the parade. The
committees are as follows:
General committee of arrangements — Charles
Boxton ¦ Fred S. Bent, Rev. William Rader.
Thomas F. Finn. Max L. Rosenfeld. Rev. T.
Caraher Rev. M. S.- Levy. Henry Bruner. F.
II. HUbert, Walter Gallagher, Hamilton A.
Bauer. Frank French. George W. Edwards,
George B. Benham. A. Goustiaux. Frank Mar
key, John J. Sweener. Charles H. Sommerlad.
A ' . B Treadwell. Jesse A. Galland. J. C.
O'Connor. Stephen Glanettonl. T. J. Sullivan.
David Costello, Stephen A. Byrne, M. H.
Squires. . ¦ ?
Parade — J. C. - O'Connor. Henry Bruner,
Frank Markey. T. J. Sullivan.
Literary — Rev. T. Caraher. Walter Gallagher.
Rev. William Rader. Rev. M. S. Levy, A. B.
TreadweU.
Music — John J. Sweeney, Jesse A. Galland.
Hamilton A. Bauer.
FlreworKs — Charles H. Sommerlad, Frank
French. M. H. Squires.
Printing and press — George B. Benham,
David Costello, Stephen A. Byrne.
Finance — Max L. „ Rosenfeld, Fred N. Bent.
Thomas F. Finn.
Decoration — A. Goustiaux. Stephen Gianet
tonl. F. H. Hllbert.
Fourth of July Committee Appoints
Officers for an Impoelns
Parade.
MERCHANTS WILL BE URGED
TO DECORATE THEIR STORES
WASHINGTON. June 13— CoIomI Francis
H. Harrington of the marin* corps has ap
plied for retir<rt3*nt an brigadier general, hav
ing served more than forty years.
ESTATE MUST PAY.— Superior Juds* Kerri
gan yestrrday ordered the executor of th»
estate of John Wallace, deceased, to pay
$1372 22 to the Ansrlo-Callfomian Bank. S777T 77
to th« Bank of British North America ar.ri
$r»«.V> to Lincoln E. Savage, attorney for th<»
banks. The estate was ordered closed.
Death of Matilda Gray.
Mrs. Matilda Gray, a native of Ger
many, aged 7S years, died at the Mc-
Nutt Hospital yesterday morning. On
April 2 of this year Mrs. Gray was
knocked down by a Valencia-street
cable car on Market street, opposite
the Emporium, and dragged several
feet. She was taken for treatment to
the Central Emergency Hospital and
sent to her home at 1107% Howard
street. - Three or four days later she
was taken to the McNutt Hospital,
where she remained until she died.
The hospital authorities certified that
interstitial nephritis was the cause of
death. -
That Melbourne MacDowell. at pres
ent a tragedian on and off the stage.
is a much wronged man was explained
yesterday evening by T. R. Hart,
owner of the American rights for the
Sardou plays. In the first place, the
combination traveling under the name.
"MacDowell Company," is in no way
owned or controlled by that actor.
David A. Wels and Albert de Lisser
are the financial backers' who did not
back. It is to them the members of
the troupe should state their griev
ances. MacDowell himself is minus six
months' salary at $200. Mr. Hart la
soon to take the ; star on a tour
through the Northwest-
He Says the Backward Backers Are
David A. Wels and Al
bert dc Llsser.
STRAXDED COMPANY IS
>*OT ACTOR 3IacDOWEIX'S
John E. Wendt, who formerly con
ducted a coffee-house on Sacramento
street, was put on the stand, but his
memory was so poor that his testimony
ni practically valuelees. The prosecu
tion wished to connect him with the
disappearance of the books from the
Pacific Coast Warehouse, but "I can't
remember" was the response to the
majority of the questions. He did re
member receiving a shipping receipt,
but could not fix even the year, to say
nothing of the day or month. The case
will be continued this morning.
Henry C. Bunker, grain tester for the
Merchants' Exchange, occupied the
6tand nearly all of yesterday in the
criminal proceedings against Jacob Ep
pinger. charged with obtaining money
from the International Banking Cor
poration on worthless warehouse re
ceipts. The cross-examination of Bun
ker by Attorney Ach for the defense
further opened the way for the defense
to show that little attention was paid
to lot numbers at the warehouse, equal
Quantity and quality being the chief (
consideration. ¦**""
Wh$n Attorney Ach asked if it was
customary to disregard the lot number
called tor In the grain receipt and to
•supply an equal quantity of the same
quality of grain. Attorney Campbell
and District Attorney Byington raised
strong objections, Campbell quoting
Statutes to prove that such action
Trould be a felony. The objection was
overruled and Ach continued:
"Have you ever heard of such substi
tutions being made?"
"Yes."
"By the firm of Cutter & Moseley?"
"Yes."
The witness further said that, by
agreement of both parties, lota of wheat
were frequently exchanged for option i
lots, the quality of the grain being con
sidered rather than the numbers on the
warehouse receipts. He had visited the
Twarehouse at Crockett on July 2 of last
year, but was refused admittance. He
knew nothing of the shifting of grain
piles in the ¦warehouse, the stenciling
of sacks or the loading of piles of grain
on barges except what he _ bad read In
the newspapers.
Most of the afternoon session was
taken up by the defense In questioning
the witness as to his knowledge of
weevils and how much "weeviled"
wheat was in the warehouse at the time
of the failure of Eppinger & Co. The
object of this questioning was to show
that at the time the firm went to the
¦wail there was enough good wheat In
the ¦warehouse to satisfy the claim of
the complainants, although it did not
bear the specific lot numbers called for
in the warehouse receipts. It was fur
ther ! shown to be customary when
wheat became weeviled to subject it to
a hot blast treatment for the removal
of the insects, after which It would
again rank as No. 1 wheat.
The tables will be spread to accom
modate 700 guests. The feast will be
served in the art room, on the second
floor of the Pavilion. Precisely at 7
o'clock the festivities will begin. No
hour Is fixed for the conclusion, but as
Mr. Ruef is due to leave San Francisco
at 11 o'clock the following day the time
can be approximated.
The banqueters are not expected to
appear In swell evening dress— In fact,
the ordinary every-evening tuxedo is
not demanded. Mr. Ruef's invitation is
engraved on a silver plate with gorge
ous filigree. A , special carriage will
convey George Boyne and Tom Atkin
son and the silver-plated invitation to
Mr. Ruef's residence, and In the
wheeled conveyance the chief guest of
the evening will be escorted to the ban
quet hall. Never has Mr. Ruef been
outside of v the State of California.
Hence his departure for the far away
country east , of. the Sierras and the
Rockies is to be made an event. The
banqueters and others will meet on Un
ion square, near the St. Francis, Hotel,
at 10 o'clock to-morrow to escort Mr.
Ruef to the ferry on the . occasion of
the first real: outing of his life. Mayor
Schmitz, .Herbert Schmitz and Frank
Schmitz will remain in San Francisco.
Extensive preparations are in pro
gress for the A. Ruef banquet at the
Mechanics' Pavilion to-night. Mayor
Schmitz will act as toastmaster. Among
the speakers scheduled are Charles M.
Shortridge, J. L. Gallagher, R. H.
Countryman, D...W. Burchard and
George 1 H. Bahrs, commander of the
Bahrs Volunteers.
t:.-« following delegates will not be
able to attend: John D. Spreckels, San
Francisco; John C. Bull. Eureka; W. P.
Hammon, Oroville..
Ferd K. Rule, president. of the State
League of Republican Clubs, has called
for a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the league at Republican head
quarters, Palace Hotel. The committee
will meet at 10 o'clock this,forenoon.
The . Hamilton Club of Chicago has
extended club privileges to members of
the Union League of San, Francisco
who may attend the. national Repub
lican convention.
A. H. Abbott, city passenger agent
of the Chicago Northwestern, Railroad,
will be in general charge of the train
to Chicago.
The following are already in the East
and will meet the delegation on its
arrival in Chicago:
Delegates — Joseph Steffens of Sacramento, D.
F. Hunt of Santa Barbara, 'E. D. Roberts of
San Bernardino.
Alternates — C. C. Donovan of Santa Rosa,
Willis Bopth of Los Angeles, G. K. Wood
ward of Xios Angeles, D. W. Hasaoa of Buena
Park.
Press correspondents — Fred W. Bishop, wife
and child, San Francisco Call; W. Fischer,
San Francisco Bulletin; A. Murphy, San Fran
cisco Examiner; E. H. Hamilton. San Fran
cisco Examiner: A. D. Dennison and wife,
Oakland Enquirer.
Friends accompanying the party will
be:
Harbor Commissioner Charles H. Spear and
wife. Berkeley; State Printer W. W. Shan
non and wife; F. G. Berry, wife and child,
Fresno; J. Batcher, Sacramento: George Cos
grove and wife, Fresno; Mrs. L. Smith and
daughter, Fresno: H. I. Kowalsky, San Fran
cisco; Sergeant of Police Donovan, wife and
daughter, San Francisco; Dr. Westerfield.' San
Francisco; M. Marcuse, San- Francisco; -H.
Johnson and wife. San Francisco; L. Bett
man, San Francisco; F. G. Huskey. San Fran
cisco; Mrs. Karsen. San Francisco; Miss Gro
gan. San Francisco; Leo Pockwltz and wife.
San Francisco; A. Radke, San Francisco; J.
O. ¦ Sullivan, San Francisco; Mr. Friedman.
San Francisco; Mr. Selby, San Francisco; C.
Gosling, San Francisco; A. W. Brown, San
Francisco; Mrs. and Miss Kramer, San Fran
cisco; J. S. Stanley, Dr. Likens, G. Bettman.
The following will be passengers on
the California special train leaving San
Francisco on Wednesday morning, at
11 o'clock:
Delegates to National Republican Convention
at Chicago — Governor George C. Pardee. wife
and two daughters; J. W. McKlnley and wife,
Los Angeles; George A. Knight; C. E. Clinch
and wife, Grass Valley; George W. Reed and
wife, Oakland; W. L. Crooks, Bentcia; M. A.
Gunst. wife and two sons, San Francisco; A.
D. Porter and wife, San Francisco; Mitchell
Phillips and wife. San Jose; R. II. Country
man San Francisco; Frank H. Short and wife.
Fresno; Dr. J. G. Priestly, Lockford; J. H.
Norton. Los Angeles; Oscar Lawler, Los An
geles.
Alternates — F. K. Rule. Los Angeles; ' A.
Ruef. San Francisco;" F. P. Tuttle and wife,
Auburn; William Van Allen. Uklah; J. H.
Fox and wife, Lemoore; Dr. T. Olmstead, Oak
land; Dr. J. H. Soper. San Francisco; J. Step
pacher, secretary. San Francisco.
Delegates from Hawaii — Prince J. Kalaui
auaole W. II. Hooks E. A. Knudsen. H. H.
Brodie", A. G. M. Robertsou, IW. F. Robinson.
C. H. Dickey.
Delegates from Nevada — R. S. Meacham and
wife, K. S Farrington, Dr. S. L. Lee.
- From the Philippine Islands — J. M. Swltrer.
A. Ruef, the alternate of Mr. Spreck
els, will accompany the delegation. A
banquet in honor of Mr." Ruef will take
place at the Mechanics' Pavilion this
evening.
George A. Knight will second the
nomination of President Roosevelt in
the national convention.
PASSENGERS ON SPECIAIi.
"I' was in 111 health when elected a delegate
and came to San Diego a week ago for the
purposo of resting and recuperating. My jour
ney down convinced me that I would certainly
jeopardize my health by. taking the trip to
Chicago at this time. I therefore decided not
to attend the national convention."
Mr. Spreckels feels and expresses keen re
gret at not being able to attend the convention.
His health has improved very materially since
coming here, but he does not feel strong
enough to make the Journey. In bis colleagues
on the delegation he has the utmost confidence
and feels that the party will be well repre
sented in the convention.
SAN DIEGO, June 13.— John T>. Spreckels.
who waa elected one of the delegates at large
to the National Republican Convention, which
assembles at Chicago on June '-1, to-day
wired Secretary. Steppacher to cancel his hotel
and railway . reservations, as he would be un
able to be present at the convention owing to
ill health. Mr. Spreckels in referring to thlr
action said:
Later in the day the foregoing waa
supplemented by this message from
The Call special correspondent in San
Diego:
The California delegation to the Na
tional Republican Convention will leave
San Francisco for Chicago at 11 a. m.
to-morrow on a superb special train.
John D. Spreckels, one of the four
delegates at large, will not be able to
attend the convention. He had made
all preparations to accompany the dele
gation, having paid his assessment, re
served a drawing-room on the special
train and apartments at the Audito
rium In Chicago. Yesterday he. wired
the following message to the secretary
of the delegation:
"CORONA-DO, Cal., June \ 13,-Jacob
Steppacher, Secretary Republican State
Committee, Palace Hotel. San Francis
co: Owing to illness am unable to ac
company delegation. Please cancel
hotel and railroad reservations.
"JOHN D. SPRECKELS."
REASONS FOR ABSENCE.
In response City Attorney Long read
from decisions to show that the court
had jurisdiction and that the board
had acted within Its powers. He said
the city denied the right of the com
pany to secure a greater revenue than
would be forthcoming at the rates al
lowed. The case will be further argued
this morning.
Continuing his argument at the af
ternoon session, Kellogg said that he
stood aghast at the effrontery shown
•n claiming the Board of Supervisors
were not subject to review. He thought
it was simply an attempt to take the
company's property without due pro
cess of law.
Kellogg argued that the 'court had
full jurisdiction and cited many cases
to sustain the contention. He claimed
that the city had wholly failed to an
swer the complaint and that, in fact,
the answer filed by the city was an
admission of every allegation in the
bill. He contended that the affidavits
filed by the city were mere denials in
general of the points raised by the
plaintiff and did not controvert any of
the causes of action. Hearsay was the
bulk of the matter submitted by the
city.
The company's attorney further said
that the company would put up an
ample bond to return the money paid
under the present rate, if the court
would issue the restraining order pray
ed for and later on the Superior Court
should decide against his client. In
that~ way the citizens would lose noth
ing, but the company would be the
sole sufferer. He asked the court to
take these matters into consideration.
THE CITY'S "EFFRONTERY."
Stating that he intended to reverse
the ordinary mode of procedure in
practice, he presented the law points
in advance of the status of the case,
as the court was thoroughly conver
sant with the matter from the nature
of the affidavits filed.
The case came up yesterday morn
ing, when Assistant City Attorney
Partridge presented three additional
affidavits in answer to the claims ad
vanced by the company in its applica
tion for an injunction to restrain the
city from putting into effect the water
rates passed by the Board of Super
visors to take effect July 1.
Attorney Kellogg for the company
said there were two "impositions" to
be considered. The first was: Are the
facts complained of true or satisfactor
ily proved? The.second was incidental.
He questioned whether the relief
sought by the company might not be
secured by the final decree.
REVERSES PROCEDURE.
That the Board of Supervisors is try
ing to put the Spring Valley Water
Company out of business and that the
board is not trying to do anything of
the kind are the two points being
argued before United States Circuit
Judge, Gilbert.
To-day the capitalist believes that the pres
ent economic system is right, that he is getting
only his share of the wealth created, and. eo
believing is seeking to extend his power and
fortify himself in his position.
The wage-earner believes that he is not get
ting hi« share of the wealth, and eo believing,
is making every effort to secure more. He is
possessed with a longing for power, for con
sideration for material improvement and so
cial equality.
There is the devil of despair, who claims his
8000 suicides a year; the devil of idleness, with
his 80,000 tramps, "can't works," who have
become hardened into "won"t works": the
devil of poverty, whose long arm Is continu
ally reaching out after new victims. Consid
ering our enormous wealth, there never was a
time when there was so much withering,
blighting stunting, damning poverty as there
is to-day. "The devil of disease stalk*
through our unsanitary mills and mines and
factories, our tenement houses, reeking with
filth, where human beings are huddled to
gether like cattle, thousands of whom he
claims as his legitimate prey.
It is suggestive of the fate that overtakes
the defeated In the economic struggle, the
unfit, the unfortunate, all who fall by the
wayside. What one sees In a glance at the
rear of our industrial army is enough to make
the heart tick.
The principle of competition finds expression
In the oft-quoted phrase, "Every man for him
self and the devil take the hindmost." I
There is little wonder that 25,000 farmers in
1902 and 40.000 In 1903 found their way over
the Northwest border Into Canada, and that
the exodus for 1904 bids fair to far surpass
these figures.
The best statistical authorities that we have
produce an overwhelming conviction that rela
tively the masses do not get anything like their
share of the wealth they produce.
DAMNING POVERTY EXISTS.
The farmer so far from making headway is
being divorced from the soil and pushed back
Into a medieval tenantry. In 18S0 25 per cent
of the farmers of the United States were ten
ants. To-day 35 per cent are tenants. The
farmer Is ground between the upper and nether
millstones of the railroad company on the one
band and the commission merchant or buyer
on the other hand. ¦ •
But a closp examination of the alleged Im
provements in the condition of wage-earners
in more recent years leaves one at a loss to
account for the widespread misconceptions.
Local conditions among California wage
earners are exceptional and are of course not
to be taken as a criterion for a general esti
mate, but on the other hand nowhere in the
United States Is the coet of living higher than
In California.
EXODUS OF FARMERS.
There is a popular impression abroad that
the condition of the wage-earner has greatly
Improved of recent years. The belief will not
bear analysis.
Without doubt wages have advanced during
the last half century.
Too many of our money magnates are
fittingly compared to the famous Corsican, Na
poleon, the "colossal highwayman of history-"
Their moral and social irresponsibility is as
flagrant, their predatory Instincts are as In
satiable, their egotism is as unbounded, their
defiance of law and moral principles as ruth
less as that of their great military prototype.
During each session of Congress an army
of lobbyist!, the best legal talent of America,
lays siege to our nation's capital.
If any one supposes they are there to aecure
the passage of jUEt laws, to aid our law
makers in their effort -to act with an eye
single to the interests of the people, a study
of the Congressional Records for the last ten
years will suffix for a complete disillusioning.
Not only does corporate wealth seek to con
trol our legislative bodies and our Judiciary,
but it has come to believe Itself entitled to
special privileges at the White House.
President Roosevelt was taken to task by a
number of visiting New York magnates fur
not first consulting them before instituting
legal proceedings against the Northern Securi
ties Company.
No living American can do otherwise than
believe in the honesty of purpose of President
Roosevelt, but the law of environment operates
on Presidents as well as other men, and It
must be confessed that the atmosphere of
Washington Is not at present conducive to
clearness of vision. .
The first condition in the Industrial world
is the concentration of wealth, the second con
dition Is the consolidation of wealth and the
third condition is the control which corpora
tions and wealth seek to exercise over our
Government. Concentration, consolidation,
control — that Is the order.
"The Relations Between Capital and
Labor" was the subject discussed by
J. H. Kimball yesterday before the
regular weekly meeting of the Congre
gational Ministers' Association. The
Kev. Dr. Rader presided, and there was
a large attendance.
Mr. Kimball said, in part:
"Divorce is too light a punishment
for offenders against the marriage tie.
The most serious offenses j ought to
meet imprisonment" for life. It. is not
laxity for which I plead, 1 but the right
to teach not -some outrageous rule
that Jesus never gave, but that wh^ch
the situation justifies."
"Instead of settling the divorce ques
tion," said the preacher, "Jesus left
the whole subject open. Ministers are'
not compelled to say that all persons
divorced for anything but the 'one
cause' shall not marry again. They
are free to teach What obvious justice
and humanity require and not a harsh
law that Jesus never gave. If, for ex
ample, a woman refuses to live with a
man who makes himself a drunken
brute and gets a divorce from him and
later marries a decent man, no
preacher is bound to denounce such
marriage.
CHICAGO, June 13. — In a sermon
on divorce' the Rev. Pearse Pinch de
clared in Forestville Congregational
Church that the attempts on the part
of the stronger ecclesiastical bodies to
whip preachers into line will only re
sult in fresh disaster to the home.
Police Commissioner H. W. Hutton,
"special chief of police for 1129 Dupont
street," has scored the first point In the
fight made for his arrest by Attorney
George D. Collins for instructing Po
licemen George F. Barry and C- E. Fen
nell to arrest Mary Duran. an inmate of
1129 Dupont street, on the night of June
7 after she had left Jean Pon's restau
rant. The arrest of the woman was in
direct violation of the injunction is
sued against the police by Judge Cook.
Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday re
fused to issue a warrant for Hutton's
arrest.
On the morning after the woman s
arrest Barry and Fennell declined to
swear to a complaint charging her with
vagrancy, and she was discharged by
Police Judge Cabaniss. Attorney Col
lins at once applied to Cabaniss for
warrants for the arrest of the two po
licemen and Commissioner Hutton for
false imprisonment, but Cabaniss de
layed issuing tliem from day to day.
as he wanted to look up the law on the
subject and also to warn Hutton to
keep his hands off.
Hutton agreed to submit authorities
to the Judge.. This he did yesterday
morning, and asked that the issuance
of the warrants be delayed till 2
o'clock. This was agreed to, but at 2
o'clock Hutton failed to make his ap
pearance, and the Judge delivered a
lengthy opinion on the . right of the
police to make an arrest for vagrancy.
Judge Cabaniss held that the arrest of
the woman Duran was illegal because
the officers did not have a warrant nor
did they see the woman In the commis
sion of. the offense.
The woman then swore to the com
plaints charging Barry and Fennell
with false imprisonment, but the Judge
declined to allow her to swear to a com
plaint against Hutton, as she did not
know of her own knowledge that Hut
ton had advised the officers to make
the arrest. Attorney Colling said he
was prepared to take the responsibility,
but the Judge was not to be moved
from his resolution.
Collins said he was willing to wait,
as if the two policemen would testify
to the truth they would have to admit
that they received their instructions
from Hutton and Hutton's arrest would
surely follow.
The two officers surrendered them
selves and were released on nominal
ball. When their cases are called in
court this morning a continuance will
be granted for two weeks, as Collins
desires to have the evidence of Captain
Duke, who Is now' on his vacation.
As the result of a premature explo
sion of a blast at Twentieth and Ten
nessee streets yesterday afternoon
Michael Griffin and Andrew Quinn sus
tained injuries from which they died
at the Central Emergency Hospital.
Shortly before 5 o'clock last evening
Griffin and Quinn, in company with
several others, were engaged in fixir,?
a blast at Twentieth and Tennessee
streets. The charge failed to explode,
and Griffin and Quinn pulled the twen
ty-foot pipe containing the dynamite
out of the ground. They stuck it on a
rail, and then occurred a deafening: ex
plosion. Both men were hurled a con
siderable distance, and their legs below
the knees were literally torn to shreds.
Tom Dugan. a fellow laborer, sustained
a fracture of the right, clavicle.
Griffin and Quinn were removed to
the Central Emergency Hospital, where
their legs were amputated below the
knees. Griran died immediately. Quinn
died at 1:30 this morning. Both men
were unmarried. Quinn resided at !KC>
Illinois street and Griffin resided at 1012
Tennessee street.
Quantity and Quality Ob
served leather Than the
Identity of Consignments
Alleges That Money Power
Seeks to Influence Even
the National Government
Neither Full Evening Dress
Nor Tuxedo Is Expected
at Ruef Banquet To-Night
Affidavits Are Referred To
as Hearsay on the Part
of the City's Witnesses
Denies Ministers' Right to
Denounce Happy Marriage
Following a : Separation
Unfortunate Men Die at the
Emergency Hospital as a
Result of Awful Injuries
POINT FOR THE DEFENSE
INIQUITIES OF WEALTH
IMPOSITION IS CHARGED
COLLINS NOT TROUBLED
Charge of False Imprison
ment Is Made Against Po
licemen Barry and Fennell
REGRET IS EXPRESSED
FEARS FRESH DISASTER
THEIR LEGS TORX OFF
Witness in Eppinger Case
Says Numbers oil Gram
Receipts Were Ignored
John D. Spreckels Announces
That Sickness Forbids Him
From Making Trip East
Argument on Injunction Be
gins Before Judge Gilbert
in the Federal Court
Chicago Preacher Protests
Against Efforts of Eccles
iastics to Stop Its Use
Michael Griffin and Andrew
Quinn Terribly Mangled
by a Premature Explosion
Police Judge Cabaniss Re
fuses to Issue a Warrant
for Commissioner's Arrest
Kimball Gives His Opinion
on Economic Questions
Before a Clerical Body
LABOR PROBLEM
IS DISCUSSED
SPRING VALLEY
PRESENTS CASE
DIVORCE LAW
FINDS FRIEND
SPECIAL TRAIN
FOR DELEGATES
HUTTON SCORES
FIRST POINT
TWO KILLED
BY A BLAST
DECLARES LOTS
WERE CHANGED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 14,; 1904,
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No soap in all the
world is so cheap.
No soap in all the
world is so ; good — none
so lasting.
Sold all orcr the world. -
ADVEBTISEJOaTTS.
BABIES J FIRE
Wit& Kcbing, Bon&g, Seal;
Hascrs of the Skia
; Instantly ReBned by Baths
with Guticura Soap
And Gentle Applications ot
CutiGiira Ointment.
Inrtant relief aad refreshing slef? for
Bkia-tortored babies, aad rest for tired,
fretted mothers, la warm baths with
Cnticara Soap and gentle anointings
with Cnticara Ointment, the great skia
cure, and purest of emollient*, to bo
followed in eerere cases by mild doses
of Cntlcnra BesoWent.
" My niece's little baby boy. two years
old, was so badly afflicted with ecxema
that he needed constant watching. It
was all orer his face and he scratched
the sores constantly. Mornings his
clothes wonld be stained with blood,"^
and his face and hands wonld be cov-
ered. His family never conld take him
oat, as his face was always full of large
j sores. They had medical treatment,
| and tried erery thing they heard of.
! She commenced nsing the Cuticnra
Remedies last spring and f oond that at
last she had a wonderful healer. The
sores left his face and he was entirely
enred, and now his face Is as smooth
and rosy as though no sore had ever
been there to mar It."
Mrs. L. J. ROOT.
Jerusalem, N. T.
Fib. 12, 1898.
On March T, 1903, fire years later,
Mrs. Root writes :
"I recelTed your note of kind in-
quiry and am pleased to inform yon of
the permanent cure of my little toy.
He is now a healthy child with pink
and white skin free from all blemish.
It has been s marvellous ecre aad
brought about In a short tims after all
other medical aid failed."
••M IkmikMt th« waiU. Cvttawra ftnotrrat. «*•
(Jo tno «T Ch«eaUu CoU'd P-.I1*. iSe. vn rial of (WW
binim.nt. Me., 8om. Be CtopoUi Loadaa. 17 Cbartw
haaM *q.i T*t\*. i R«. 4* !¦ N»l Bmtoo. IS C*laat>M
At*. pMter Draf * ChemMal Corp.. 9ot* Propriety*. |
•r-S«nd tor" Tk« Cvtiev* *%i« Book."
Woman
/©W^l^iV^VV A •• interested and rtould know
ft5r\0*i.V\-S'Ml» about lh« wonderful
ftwiSvMMll MARVU Whirling Spray
VV»>SSvkVSs>»\\JTbe *** V«»«Ml SrrtM*. /»!«••
M.^S^-.C^U^^L tumand Suetion. iwt-->if-
L »at— Mo«t Conrenient.
Atk jwmr Hf|lil ter H. *jRl v***|*^— "^*
I f he cannot supply t!)« V'. C7t^ ¦>'"¦'.;"¦¦¦¦ 'J<
MARVKI*. acreplno Ni^^l. v '''ii^~V—
other, but «n»n<i iiamp for *<{i. g^'.''/'/i\y
Illustrated boofc-§»«f«*. Itgtrea T*' / '"'m
fullparticnUrsandrtirertionsln- ft.* / ' M
valuable tL> lart:r» JI.\RIU.«:O.,TJ ¦ 9
41 t*ark Ron, Sen lark.
1.V- New Montgomery. San Francisco. Cal.
William Hatteroth (Ladles' Dept.). 22* Sutter.
Union Drue Cc. 400 Sutter and 10O Stockton.
Osgood Brothers 7th and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy 11» gill*
,jg&*& f a MENANOWOMEll.
«*5aRwTXHJIcS^-lJ C»a BUO for unnatural
MmttTtm iul toJH dl»charse».lQfl»mmatio««.
M323 OtuuiMl TJ irritation* or ulcortttozi
fnCJi »•« to f«rictor». of mucoai tu*Tnbr»n»».
|fr «1 rrxniU tatota. Pain'.'*"*, and not .utiU-
IfTIfTnEETtXSCHEMiCAlCO. *eat or poijcnout. \
V"f?\ Cl.1SJ!<!MTl,0.g*El Scld by DmtgUC*
MMbL dwnrl by oxpreM. prepaid, fat
V«SJiM BrvrTl $1 .00. or 3 bottlM U.7*. ~v_
. » *«miPrV H CireuUr Mat oa nvu«£
ADVERTISEMENTS^
j 'The Credit House." 233-235-237 Post Street M
L^>. HOME FURNISHERS' 4g*J
"j€L ENORMOUS REDUCTION jjjv
m¥ SALE-LAST WEEK,
yP f We give our guarantee, in this
£ Enormous Reduction Sale, that
M our prices on all Dining-Room
B Furniture, all Carpets and all
B Draperies are from one-fourth to
h* one-third lower than those of any BB
W other house in San Francisco. JO
II Our house has been crowded with IM
rai those who have put our word to gsl
i||k the test and found it true. Ms
Choose your goods at these JsFj&k
g^JQk prices; if you are not ready J&jS&k
W%£g§k t0 furnish we will hold them fflSdSrflk
L -'1 wii. fOf y ° U f ° r thrCC months - m!W H
MARKS BROS.
DOUBLE VALUE
DAY!
Here 1 * a serviceable lot of GINGHAM
I DKESSES— the kind the children need for
vacation. Ruffl»» and yoke trimmed in
I braid. Kxtra lull skirt. Very deep hem.
Comes in Dretty blue and white and re«J
and white stripes.
SO^0AIIiQff
A barirain treat at 23c — Children's
STRAW SAILORS, in novelty patterns;
A splendid display of summer-weljrht
black MERCERIZED SATEEN PETTI-
COATS. Deep accordion plaited flounce,
trimmed with ruchinc
j £f^n&t$30B9oB^uBSSiL.
Every saving' woman should take ad-
vantage of this SNAP SKIRT, as pictured,
made of an excellent quality of : pique.
I Neat white dot on . black or blue : ground.
Front gore trimmed in • tailor-stitched
: straps.
j CHILDREN'S VACATION HOSE, wi^h
double heel, toe , and knee; 20c value.
Priced for this sale at
lOc
MARKS BROS.
! "The Home of, Honest Values." "',
j 1220-1222-1234 MARKET STREET.