PRICE FIVE CENTS
SAN FRANCISCO, g>JQNt)AY, JUNE 13, 1904.
VOLUME XCYI— XO. 13.
War Xcws Continued on Pace 2.
Pnrfcer Lead* in MIssi»«dppL
JACKSON. Miss.,'; June 12.— The
Democratic State Convention to name
delegate* to^th? national convention
at St- Louis vrill meet here on Wed
nesday. The indications are that
BARCELONA. Ju=e 12.— Jcaquin j
ytgnri Artal. v,bo on April 12 attempt- i
c-I to assassinate Premier Maura, was j
t:i?d tn the A>-Kinze Court yesterday, i
found sultty jSnd sentenced to seven- |
t«^»n rra^s" imprisonment. lie declared »
tiint he arte-1 on an irresistible im- J
r»"«I"e V', attack Senor Maura fn order I
tc avenge the proletarians who «re
the victims of governments. i
SEXOR MAUR.VK ASSAILANT
IS GIVEX LONG SENTENCE I
Prelate to Dine With Secretary of War j
U|K»n His Return to Wash- j
ic^ton. \
BALTIMORE. June 12.— Cardinal \
Satolil. after spending -the day at the
residence of Cardinal Gibbons, re
turned to New York to-night. On June
17 Cardinal Satoili will go to Wash
ington to visit the» rector of the Wash- J
Ington University. He will dine with j
Se-cretary of War Taf t next Saturday j
night and expects to call upon Presi- I
dent Roosevelt, on jthe following day. j
Boy Falls to His Death.
SALT LAKE,; June 12.— John Rees, \
fifteen years oldV was killed 'to-day by
falling six- stories "down an elevator
shaft of the McCormick building. Rees
was employed as elevator boy.
CARDINAL SATOLLI WILL
BE GUEST OF TAFT
COLUMBUS HIGH SCHOOL
GIRLS CIGARETTE - FIEXDS Pt
Grim Reaper Again Invades the Home
or Mr. and Mrs. Harold
F. McCormlek. '....
CHICAGO. June 12.— Editha. the 9
month-old child , of Harold F. and
Edith Rockefeller McCormick. and
grandchild of John D. Rockefeller, died
yesterday, at the • family summer: home
in Glencoe- The child had been ill-for
months. ..
This is the second child the Harold
McCormick family . has lost, "Jack"
Rockefeller^ McCormick having died- a
number of j years ago of scarlet fever.
It was in memory of that older, child
that the McCormick Institute for In
fectious Diseases was founded, .
f> SPOKANE, Wash., June 12.— Lying
beside a rock on the hill back of Spo
kane, a cord still tightly bound about
its neck, a little dead baby was picked
up by the police thi3 morning. Mrs.
Janet te Harris, an aged woman, grand
mother of the child, led the officers to
t the scene after confessing she had
killed the babe. The babe was evident
ly but a few days of age. While the
tears coursed down . her cheeks the
woman told " at the police station the
story * of family • disgrace and her own
j crime. . -: -"
j i The " woman arrived - here Saturday
j morning, bearing the child In her arms.
Her" peculiar actions aroused -suspicion
I and she was watched for a time. Late
in the day she eluded vigilance, and
nothing was thought of the matter, un
til she came to the police station after
killing the child. She said she killed
I the. '.baby "-to shield -its mother. The
j daughter is • IS years old : and lives at
IJCorth Yakima,
Investigation by Official* of the Insti
tution Results hi StartHns
, DiscoTery.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, June 12. — The
School Superintendent. the High
School principal, all of the teacher*
in that institution — In fact, everybody
connected with that place of learning
except the pupils— are horrified at the
discovery that many girls in the
school are cigarette "fiends."
The accidental dropping of a box
of cigarettes by one of the girl pupila
and a subsequent Investigation started
a scandal and now it has been discov
ered that cigarette smoking br the
firis has become a general fcaMt.
BABY GRANDCHILD
. OF ROCKEFELLER DIES
KILLS DAUGHTER'S CHILD
, TO HIDE HER DISGRACE
ST. PETERSBURG, June 12. — Re
lief Is felt at the removel of dissen
sion in military circles. It is under
stood that the sole responsibility de
volves upon General Kuropatkln and
that no serious attempt will be made
to relieve Port Arthur.
It Is reported. that the Vladivostok
squadron now consists of three" cruis
ers and four ironclad ships, therefore
It Is believed that the squadron has ef
fected a junction with Port Arthur
vessels-
Twelve trains are arriving daily at
Uaoyansr with reinforcements. |
¦- . — ¦ — '¦ — •- ¦-
GUNBOATS NOT DESTROYED.
Both the Giliak and the Bobr Are
Still in the Cxar*s Service.
TIENTSIN. June 1 3l— The ; Russian
battleship Cesarevitch, which was in
jured at: Port, Arthur' on February. 9
and which has ever since been under
going repairs.-has left the drydock and
is now ready for sea. Outside the har
bor of Port Arthur the. sea is reported
to be .thickly covered with Russian
and Japanese mines. - - . ..
The -report that the Russian gun
boats Giliak ; and ; Bobr have been de
stroyed is- untrue. : c
;•,•;., .."¦'. — : • ¦ — "»:¦. i
Port Arthur Vessels Said to Have
: ~i Reached Vladivostok.
WARSHIPS ESCAPE TOGO.
ROME, July 12.— The Pope yesterday \
discussed at length with Sccr' jty \
Kerry del VcJ and ether CardI- '
France-Vatican situation. His Holi- j
j:css took occasion to speak of the re- j
port cf Mjrr. Lorenrelli. Papa! Nimcio '
ill PiTis. in v.hich the Nuncio stuies ¦
that not tfc<? least step. has been taken ¦
ry the French Government in the di- i
rection of apprcachniect or even to «
soften the existing strained relations. •'.
Tie Nuncio edds. horrever, that there !
art m«by s'.^rs which indicate the fail j
cf the Coarcbes Cabinet to be 'not im- i
jmbabte, making It appear to b? the ;
best police to vsi£ as a new- Govern- 1
ment vrosld correct the present Ftate !
cf tilings. The Pope e«m« to favor j
tne adoption of the Nuncio's segges- ;
tion.
J*ontifT FnTcrs Xunico's Sur?e?tion
Titat Action by Church B^ De
layed — Expect* Fall of Combes.
POPE DISCUSSES FRENCH
SITUATION' WITH CARDINAL!
Vice President.
LIMA. Peru, June 1 2.-r-Jose Pacdo
has been elected President of the re
public.
Selected by People of Argentine Re
public to Conduct Their
Affairs.
BUENOS AT RES, June 12.—Man
uel Quint ana lies been elected Presi
dent of the Argentine ' republic and
Figueroa. Alcorta has-been chosen
QUINTAXA AND ALCORTA
HEAD OF GOVERNMENT
The bis? tight this week will come in
the election of the Illinois delegation
of fifty-four member* and its instruc
tion. Hearst's friends claim a big ma
jority In" the convention, but they will
have to fight State Chairman John P.
Hopkins and. Mayor Harrison.
Of the delegates elected, William
Randolph Hearst has 101 actually in
structed to vote for him. Judge'Par
ker has 148. The remainder of instruct
ed delegations are divided between
WaiJ of Wisconsin. Olney of Massa
chusetts and Judge Gray of Delarrare.
Of the unlnstructed delegations.
Senator Gorman will control the Mary
land delegates and twelve of the four
teen elected from West -Virginia.' The
Nebraska. Colsraflo , and Oklahoma
delegations will be controlled by Wil
liam J. Bryan, the conventions prac
tically having instructed their repre
st ntaUves to follow the wishes of the
Ntbraskan. U::.;-:r.
CHICAGO. June 12.— Thirty-s^ven
States and Territories have held con
ventions and elected delegates to the
Democratic national gathering at -St.
Lcuis on July <L Returns show that
¦while 307 delegates have been instruct
ed. 431 have been chosen without - in
structions, so that the uninstructed
contingent will be able to control the
situation.
Uninstructed Delegates Will Control
the St. Louis Convention.
DEMOCRATIC SITUATION.
': Frank B. Read Dead as Result of Ac
cident and Two Others
Are Injured.
NEW YORK, June 12. — Rounding %
curve at Van Cortlandt Park this after
noon, a train on the Yonkers division
of the New York and Putnam Rail
road, crashed into an autoniobil*
owned by George Noakes, a restau
rant keeper. Frank B. Read, a paper
manufacturer of this city, was killed.
The ten-year-old daughter of Ncakes
had her left foot cut off by the train,
and John Spencer, the negro chauf
feur, was probably fatally injured.
Mr. and Mrs. Noakes and their six
year-old son escaped with a few
bruisesi
Hundreds of persons on the golf
links, which parallel the tracks, saw
the heavy touring car demolished.
AUTOMOBILE AND TRAIN
IX A FATAt COIAJSIOS
Bands from many parts of the coun
try will attend the convention. Clarke's
Illinois Band be with the Cali
fornia delegation and the ' Nevada
State Band trill come with the Nevada
delegation.
West Virginian Politician Heralds Ar
rival of Republican Conimitteenieru
CHICAGO, Jure 12.— The coming of
the Republican National Commktee
nven was heralded to-dav, when Sena
tor X. B. Scott of West yirginia ar
rived at the Auditorium Annex to
prepare for the strenuous work laid
upon him as chairman of the sub-com
mittee. This body will nieet at 2
o'clock Wednesday afternoon ai the
committee room at the Coliseum to
inaJce up the temporary roll calL Gov
ernor Murphy of New Jersey also reg
istered at the annex, and Chairman
Henry C. Payne is' expected to arrive
here to-morrow morning.
The admission tickets prepared by
Sergeant-at-Arzns Stone will -make
handsome souvenirs for those fortunate
enough to obtain them. They are
handsomely engraved ard bear pictures
of the late President McKinley and the
White House. Oi -
SCOTT IX CHICAGO.
Washlrsfrton advices give prominent
mention , to Representative Metcalf of
California as the likely successor of
Secretary Cortelyou.
There will be three vacancies in the
Roosevelt Cabinet. Attorney General
Knox has just bttn appointed Senator
Quay's successor in Pennsylvania;
G«orge B. Corteiyou. secretary of th;-
Department of Commerce, will retire
to become chairman of the Republi
can Xiticn&l Committee, and iii
health is *xpect;d to cause the re
tirement of Postmaster General Hen
ry C. Payne. "With all of thes? posi
tions to £11. it is said President Rooss
veit undoubtedly will ccir.e to Illin
ois for one of his cabinet oSiciai?, end
since the election of Senator Cullom
is locked upon as improbable^ the se
nior Senator v.ill be offered cne of
the places. In that event a Senator
would be elected by the next Legis
laturs-
CHICAGO. June 12- — Rumor? thst
United States Senator Shelby M. Cul
iom is to he elevated by- President
Roosevelt to a place in his Cabinet
and that Governor Tates has begrun
his campaign to succeed. Cullom. , are
current here.
Parker Trill come to the convention
with a majority of the votes in
structed ?or him.
Thlbeault and his two sons occupied
a stateroom near where the Cape
Breton's bow entered the Canada, and
it is supposed that they were killed In
their berths.
Bonneterre. the purser, was seen
after the collision making his way to
his ' cuarters on the lower deck, with
the Intention of j«avins his cash and
the records. It Is supposed that he
perished in the attempt.
Brunei was a second-class passenger
and no one saw him after the collision.
MONTREAL, June 12.— The.Rchelleu
and Ontario Navigation Company's
steamship Canada^, bound from Quebec
to Montreal, came into - collision ; with
the Dominion Coal Company's collier
Cape Breton six miles below Sorel early
to-da^r. Twenty minutes later 'the
Canada "went to the bottom. At the
time of the collision there were 110
persons on board the Canada. Five
were lost. They were:
ALFRED TH1BEAULT. the agent of
the company at Quebec.
TWO SON'S of Alfred Thlbeault, aged
1* and 15.
PURSER BON'XETERPJE of the
Canada.
JOHN BRUNEI, of SoreL
The collision occurred just : as dawn
was breaking. The Cape Breton lay
at the entrance of the Lake-street pier
channel, waiting for daylight. She
was getting under way when the Can
ada, making for Sorel at full speed,
came into view. It appears that the
Cape Breton had cot got headway
enough to answer her rudder, and that
she swerved across the path of the
passenger boat, her bow striking the
Canada just forward of the paddlebox.
on the starboard side, and tearing its
way half through. Then /the Cap*
Breton swung clear and the two steam
ships came alongside each other.
The shock of the collision aroused
the sleeping passengers. The Canada
at once began to settle and as the
Cape Breton did not appear to be seri
ously damaged, the passengers were
hurriedly transferred »to this steam
ship. In the excitement some of the
passengers Jumped overboard and were
picked up by boats from the Canada
and Cape Breton. Twenty minutes
later, when the Canada went down
alongside the Cape Breton, all the pas
sengers who "could be found were
transferred.
SpecL-U Dispatch to The CalL
Mrs. Wickware and her husband were
resident of San Francisco for half a
century. AH the old-timers in the city
have known her and her husband. For
thirty years the Wielrnrares made their
home at the Occidental Hotel, in San
Francisco. Mrs. Wickware was one of
the first American women to lire in the
city after the discovery of gold in Cal
ifornia In 13*8. With her father, she
came to the State in 1S49. and hers
.•was the first marriage from the Metho
dist Church in the then wild, rollicking
sea. port community on the bay. .
Literary writers and local historians
have found : Mrs. -Wlckware*s rec-Uec
tions & mine of information. Her mem
ory cf the early customs,, in Sea Fran
cisco has been written upon by score3
of people, and her acquaintance with
most bf the famous men and t" oraen in
the city when it was & gambling, gold
crazed totvn— fifty, years ago— hare bees
the basis of several novels. ,
The Wickware fortune was nade
largely in the rise. of real estate values
in tbs .sand lots at the upper end of
Market street, in San Francisco, at
what Is now the site of the dry HalL
Several years ago Mr. and. Mrs. Wick
ware came to reside in Pomona, but
business in San Francisco has kept Mr.
Wickware away from here most of the
time. 'Their home on Holt avenue, in
thl3 place. Is one of the most costly in
this r>art of the State and is filled -nrith
art collections of rare worth. Tha stat
uary there cost a fortune and the col
lection of porcelains is one of the most
notable in California.
POMONA. June 12.— Mrs. Eliza Wick
ware. wife of Georse Wickware, a pio
neer of San Francisco, died at her home
i» this city last night after many weeks
of illness. She ¦ bad been failing for
rrore than- a] year and her death ras
not nnerDected. Her, husband." daugh
ter and grandchildren ' were with her
when "the end came. Herbage "was 15
year?. The body will be taken to San
Franeiaco j on/.Tuesday for . burial in
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .The deceased
leaves two daughters, Mr?. O. F. GiCIn
of Pomona and Mrs. E. C. Dake of San
Francisco, and grandchildren in Los
Angeles and San 'Francisco.
S Special Dlsratch to Tbe Can.
Washington Gossip Gives Metcalf Hoy al
Chance for a Portfolio.
St Lawrence River
Disaster Cost^
Five Lives,
Mrs. Wickware Dies
at Her Home in
CXITEO STATES SENATOR FROM ILXJ2COIS AND CALIFORNIA KEFHESEN- I
T-ATIVE IS CONGRESS WHO AliE BELIEVED TO BE SLATED FOR POSI- !
nTIONS IX PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT'S CABINET. .
STEAMSHIP
IS SUNK IN
COLLISION
NOTABLE PIOXEER WOMAX WHO
DIED TE5TERDAT AT* HER
HOME IN POMONA.
w
rifle and artillery fire at close
range and were destroyed, only
one or two escaping.
The main Japanese force, which
was greatly superior to the, Rus
sian force, tried to outflank the
Russians, who drew off without
losing a man. The Japanese.
closing in, found the ravine
•vacant, save for their own dead.
LONDON, June 13.— The
Standard's correspondent at St.
Petersburg says he hears that a
telegram from Vice Admiral
Skrydloff states that on June 7 he
went within thirty miles of Port
Arthur with the Vladivostok fleet
and then ran into a fog. He found
several Japanese torpedo-boats
and two battleships, which at
tacked him fiercely and did some
damage. The Russians returned
the fire, but as none of the ships
appeared the Russians returned to
Vladivostok.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 12.
Rumors are in circulation here to
the effect that a great naval battle
has taken place off Port Arthur in
which two Russian and four Jap^
anese battleships were sunk. Xo
confirmation of the rumor can be
obtained.
HAICHEXG. Manchuria. Sat
urday, June 11. — A flanking
movement of the Japanese around
ihe Russian jeu from Fengwang
cnerfg r on June '9 was repuised witlf
a loss of two entire battalions. r
A large Japanese force moved
out in the morning along the
Fengwangcheng and Haicheng
road. The Russians had a force
strongly posted in a ravine thirty
miles southeast oi Haicheng.
The Japanese were preceded by
two hattaiions, who walked into
the Russian, ambuscade.
Thev received a murderous
TwoJapaneseBattallonsAm
buslied and Annihilated
Near Haicbeng.
In New Mexico the mines near the
western border passed into the control
of th- National City Bank some years
ago.
There are at the present time fe^r
mining disrticts in America where
Rockefeller is toot dominant. In work-
Ing out the deal Rockefeller hopes to
be abie "to secure from the United
States Government a'corps of engineers
to give a oablic report on the actual
value of the properties to be consoli
dated.
Senator Kearns says he has no douot
that by January 1. 1S05. Rockefeller will
be in a *>osition to maks the final move
In his Ions-cherished plan.
Senator Keaxns of Utah has only re
cently sold to Rockefeller his valuabls
mines for something considerably more
than S1.000.COO.
In Idaho the Sandard Oil Company
has had control of the producing mines
for some years.
In California, a Western mine-own
ing: combination, controlled by Hagjfin
and affiliated interests, has been ready
for some time to enter into an agree
ment with Rockefeller for a general
combination of mining properties-
Senator Clar^. owner of the Unit«*d
Verde copper mines of Arizona, and
¦with large holdings In many of the
Amalgamated Copper Company's mines
in Montana, has been working with
Rogers lor several vears.
F. A. Heinze. who has given the
Standard Oil and AmaJsamx-ted Cop
per interests in Montana so much troa
ble, has been in the city for several
Treelta. He is negotiating direct with
Rockefeller for the turning over of his
Interest in Montana to the new com
bine.
KEARNS SELLS HIS 3OXES.
* In Colorado. Darid H. Moff.it and
Dennis Sullivan, of the First National
Bank of Denver, have paid out many
millions fa the last six years for pro
ducing mines and the* control 70 per
cent of the producing gold, silver and
lead mties of the middle Rockv Moun
tain district.
CONTROL IN THE WEST.
Men who have some knowledge of the
•work now goi-g on to furtherance of
the plan sav the corporation cnder
¦which the biR mining interests will be
merged will have a par capital of
S2.50O.0O0.COQ. It i3 exacted to control
absolutely the mineral output of the
United States, except, possibly, that of
the Calumet and Hecla copper mine
of Michigan.
Within the last tea days Rockefeller
has taken up personally'the task which
had been left to his brother. "William
Rockefeller, and to H. H- Rogers, who
have been conspicuously identified ¦with
the mineral interest of the Standard
Oil Company. For ten years th«
Standard Oil millionaires have been ac
qoirinx the dines of America through
their bankins interests. '
NEW YORK. June 12.—Announce
ment TrUi be made soon of a gigantic
new combination of capital in the
United States and Europe. It is noth
ing less than an amalgamation of the
valuable mines of America, and the
man who is to consti*nTr*ate thla stu
pendous transaction is John D. Rocke
feller.
Special r>:s;a-ci to Th* Ca A
"'Another startling curririse tras to
find in Ralssculi hinisclf the most in
teresting and kindly hearted native
tmOnrnnxtt has been my good for
tune to have knotrn. It i3 impossible
rot to liie the man, conscious as I
cm cf the txtfaxy I a r.d al! at Tangier
tare suffered ct his hands."
"I tras artinc^hed to leam that our
tizss were cot really trel! founded.
We have learrittl thit RaL<«c«ti!i*a chief
ch;«rt is to s^cur* the re!eas-e "f mem
ber* of his o-K-ri Jcabyle unjustlv, or at
lcs.ft treacherously, entrapped and im-
X«rlson»d by the Pasha of Tangier, a
former, friend and fester brother cf
lLalssouH himseif. Raisscuii had trust
ed him snd been betrayed.
* The cum dt-msnded by Raissouli is
rot so mrch a price for our release
zv s. demand for the making good of
the lefses indicted by order of the
£2ld Paiha, frcm trhom Raissouli
claims payment.
ba& btz-cz. their amiable attentions by
dubbing us -srith their rifles and
thrrjtlfnfaig us with their murderous
lot&ZtBS curved dag-?ers.
PKAI=E FOR TIIE BRIGAXD.
"Th* dread of one day being seized
£ r.d held 'or a ransom has of late
been cue of the anxieties of my life
ir. llcrccco. You will remember our
talk about it at Elminzah a few months
So. thinking of Mrs. Perdicaris
r r-J the young people, yon may per
haps conceive something of my feel
lug* "arhsn we found ourselves belr.s
tiXKSsed clong those difficult and peril
c:s r;.ths by b JT^nff of ruffian* ¦arho
"Nc-r -^ould it be easy to conceive a
r ;eture more wild and gloomy than
ihsLt of oar ferced - Joarcey — Varley's
and mine. It is easy now to write in
thi» Strain, when we are assured ne
jxtiatioss fcr our release are being con
cluded and we shall very soon be rc
fctcred to our friends, but during the
terrible twenty-four hours' ride over
r3cks and boulders and through the
cense thicket, where our captors had at
t: rr.es literally to cut their way la
crder to avoid villacea on the beaten
tract — well, we h£d na^uch consola
t;on then; none of any sort, indeed-
• 'Nothing more startling and unex
l«*tted than cur. capture could be tns
fcSlned. We happened to have no
truest*. You can' picture cne of our
QOUt dinners at Aidonie, the conversa-
V.an in an easy domestic vein, the win
d *s alT cp*n. the table a mass of
flowers, .ard jsuddrsJv, like an^aval
•nc2te. a yelling onset of R&isiouli's
r.-.~n — a classic scene cf ra fine and con -
Jusi^a.
PICTURES AWFUL RIDE.
TANGIER. June li.— J. W. S. Lan
f erm&n, corr.rr.if sioner cf the Moroccan
CtLCtica at the Bt. Louis Exposition, ar
rived here tc-<iay from the camp of
Jiaisscuii, the bandit. LMgersaa said:
"I met R&issouU and his band, fuliy
Eimed and suspicious of the visit. For
£ lew moments the situation wu crit
ics], but ail passed oif weiL Ion Perdi
ca.ris. the American whom Raissouli
t^lds captive, is much better and in
g<.<vd spirits over the prospect of his
gpttdf release."
LONDON. June 11— An extremely in
tviestins letter, written in Brigand
ILa:s£ouii's caap in remote Morocco,
h-s just been received bj- A. J. Dawson.
from Ion Perdicaris. The letter is re
rr-arkafcle for the whole-hearted tribute
it pays to the personal qualities and
fascinating manner of the bandit. It is
dated "Assaradon JBeniares). Satur
day. June 4," and is as follows: .
C*t> to The Call irrt New Torfc Her
alO. Ccn-Tistz. ISC.-*, fcj- tie Sew York
Fijs High Trbnte to tie Personal
Qualities of tie Brigand
EaisscolL
Single Company Soon to Central tb
Entire Mineral Ontpnt of
This Country.
Reported Sinking of
Six Great War-
Kidnaped American Gives
Interesting Account oi
His Experiences.
Jo&n D. Rockefeller's Long
Cherished Plans Are
Nearing Fruition.
Morof Combat
Stirs Russian
Letter Comes From
Haunt oi Moor
Bandits.
Two and One-Half
Billions to Be
Its Capital.
FLEETS
BATTLE
AT SEA
PERDICARIS
WRITES OF
HIS CAPTOR
COLOSSAL
MERGER OF
ALL MINES
SENATOR CULLOM MAY
ENTER CABINET AND BE
SUCCEEDED BY YATES
END TO NOT ABLE LIFE
OF A PIONEER REVERED
BY OLD CALIFORNIANS
TKS THZATSXS.-
Aleazax— "C&arloy's Anat.*
CaliferaJa— "Secret Service."
Central — Tie Octcroca."
Columbia— The Proud Prtae*."
Chute*— Y»uderJ22e.
Fischer's — "U. S."
Graad— "X*a Barry."
Orpaeuai — Vaadevill-.
THE WIATSES.
Tcrecast msAe *t Sea Fran
cisco for thirty boors «adisr
aiii^jjrit, Jsr* 13:
Saa Francisco ari vicinity—
r*ir 2£osday; cccler fax tie aft
eraoea; lvis aortaczly wind,
caxariajT ta fcrixx westerly.
G. K. "WXLLSOSr. -
IrCczJ Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.LONDON*. June 12.— It Is announced that
Whistler's famous "Peacock Hooni," which is
now belnr exhibited In London, has been ac
aulrrd bv an American collector.
- TOKIO, June 12.^-The". military com
mission assigned to bury the Russian
dead in the battle of Nanshan Hill on
May 20 presented its final report to
day. Ten Russian oJlkers and 664
Japanese Inter More Than Seven Hun
dred nt Xanshan H11J.
BURIAL OF RUSSIAX DEAD.
HOLLY. Colo., June 12.— About ten
of the deported miners from Cripple
Creek left here at midnight last night
for La Junta, Pueblo and Den
ver. The remainder are staying
in town and are quiet and orderly.
They have paid 'cash for their meals
and lodging and seem' to be well sup
plied with funds for immediate needs.
Miners Left at Holly Are Orderly and
Have Plenty of Funds.
EXILES KEEP THE PEACE.
BYRON, June 12.— A destructive.: fire
started in the grain fields near here
yesterday morning and before it -was
extinguished had burned over an area
four miles long and one and one-half
miles wide. The total loss is estimated
at $7000, fully covered by insurance.
The fire started from a spark caused
by a harvester striking a rock., A
strong wind was blowing. The flames
burned fiercely for two Hours.- About
300 acres of standing wheat and 1000.
Backs of barley were destroyed, as well
as 1000 acres of pasture. The farm
house of Manuel Pamatell narrowly es
caped destruction. The grain burned
was owned by Roy McCabe, Peter Peto
and Manuel Pamatell.
Flnmcs Traverse Great Area and
Destroy Much Growine Grain'
and Pasture. .. \ :¦"¦" - : '•"-..
FIRE .CAUSES HEAVY
DAMAGE XEAU BYROX
Washington's Tomb Visited.
WASHINGTON. June 12. — The
members of the honorary board of
Filipino Commissioners visited the
tomb of George Washington to-day as
the guests of the United States navy.
WALLACE, Idaho, June 12.— A riot
occurred on the Northern Pacific pas
senger train near Burke last night be
tween union miners from the Hercules
mine and non-union men . from the
properties of the Federal Mining and
Smelting Company. No one was kill
ed, but several on each side were
badly injured. The trouble was the
outgrowth of an argument over the
Cripple Creek explosion, in which two
former Coeur d'Alene miners were
killed and several Injured.
Argument Betwedn Union and ¦- Xon
. Union Men Results in Fight.
RIOT OX A TRAIN'.
SUSQUEHANXA. Pa.. June 12.— The
Erie Railroad has discharged 10 per
cent of its working forces, or 108 men,
from its shops in this city. Similar
discharges were made in all the shops
on the f-ynem. This Is the second dis
charge of 10 per cent within thirty
days. The company is reducing ex
penses in all directions.
Ten Per Cent of Erie Railroad's Force
at Snsquchannn Discharged.
MANY MEN LAID OFF.
A high Russian official to-day called
attention to the fact that at the break
ing out of the war Russia was com
pelled to stop at Pan Francisco a cargo
of meat destined for Vladivostok in
order to avoid Its probable capture in
consequence of the Japanese declara
tion that it would be regarded as con
traband.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 12. — The
Russian Government has not yet re
turned an aswer to British Embas
sador Harding, relative to his Govern
ment's protest at Russia's declaration
that rice and other foodstuffs are con
traband of war, but there is no inten
tion on the part of the Government to
make modifications to meet the British
view.
Russia Will Xot 3Iodify Her Declara
tion as to Contraband of War.
BRITISH PROTEST IGNORED.
CHICAGO. June "J. — In order to
free themselves from the yoke of eym
pathetie strikes, which their leaders
have determined menace their pro
gress, all union butchers affiliated
nith the Chicago Packing Trades
Council, withdrew from that body to
day. The butchers, who belong to the
Amalgamated Meat Cutters and
Butchers' Workmen of America, num
ber about 22,000 men in the Chicago
jiacking houses alone.
thetic Strikes, Leave Council.
Chicago Meat Men, Fearing Sympa-
BUTCHERS WITHDRAW.
Everything combined to make the
occasion an immense success. ' The
weather was delightful, the clouds tem
pering the heat without threatening
rain. There was almost a record dis
play of charming summer toilettes, re
markable even for this brilliant func
tion. President Loubet, accompanied,
by Mme. Ixmbet, drove in state to the
course. • "< . , ,
Ten horses •started for the Grand
Prix, about half a dozen being Vat'
fairly short prices, although AJax was
a h&t favorite. ~. -V\. .- .;
The race was closely contested,' W.'
K. Vanderbllt's Turenne, with the 1
American jockey Ransch up, leading'
almost to the finish, when Stern called
on Ajax for a final effort which landed
him a short half length ahead. ' The
place fell to Macdonald II, of Blanc's
second string. '
PARIS, June 12. — Edmund Blanc's
bay colt AJax, by Flying Fox-Amie,
to-day won the Grand Prix de Paris
of $40,000, distance about one mile and
seven furlongs. The stable thus ac
complished the rare feat of carrying
oft the three great events of the year,,
the Prix de Diane (the French equiv
alent of the English Oaks), the Prix de
Jcckey Club (the French equivalent' to.
ihe English Derby) and the Grand.
Prix. ' .: •.-..¦•'...¦.•¦; '
Edmund Blanc's Horses Capture the
Richest Three Events on the .;
French Turf.
THE GRAND PRIX DE PARIS
WOX BY SOX OF FL.YIXG FOX
CRIPPLE CREEK June 12.—
The Cripple Creek district experi
enced a quiet day. General Sherman
Bell and staff attended divine services
and transacted no business except
what was absolutely necessary.
Another party of deported miners
will leave Victor to-morrow, their
destination beins either Xew Mexico
or Utah. This party will consist of
about one hundred men. A number
of arrests were made to-day.
From Cripple Creek To-Day.
One Hundred Miners Will IJe Sent
MOKE TO BE DEPORTED.
"It has been pointed out that the
gold shipments from Japan to the
United States, caused by war expendi
tures, have reached $28,000,000, and now
the United States has used this gold
to pay for American participation In
the Japanese loan floated in London.
But. as It happened, the London
market was in a position where It was
forced to send the gold to Paris, in
the course of exchange.
"To avoid drafts on its own gold re
serves, London, instead of taking for
itself the gold about to leave the
United States, directed it to Paris.
"The precise result is that, as Paris
was then establishing a Russian gold
credit on a basis of its loan. Japan's
gold has been placed at the disposal bt
the Russian Government."
NEW YORK. June 12. — A Wall street
summary Quotes from the Paris Fi
nancial Review the following to show
what freaks finance may sometimes
take:
Peculiar Condition Resulting From
-Freak of Finance.
JAPANESE GOLD GOES TO RUSSIA
Mrs. Van Horn, who Is a handsome
young woman, said: "I came" from a
professional call and crossed Corbin
Park, intending to board a car on the
South Side. I heard a man approach
from the rear. 1 said: 'What do you
want?' and he answered: 'I want your
money, and I want it quick.'
"I was about to hand over my purse
when I noticed that he was alone. Then
I extended my arm as If to give the
purse. As he reached forward I gave
him a kick in the abdomen. He dropped
to the ground and lay there groaning
while I ran across the park to the car."
The robber had disappeared when the
police reached the scene some time
later.
SPOKANE, Wash., June 12.— A well
directed kick by Dr. Louise Vcn Horn
of this city put a thug out of action
last night and saved herself from rob
bery and abuse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOMAN KICKS;
ROBBER QUITS
ROCKVALE, Wyo., June 12. — Coal
miners who were in the 6kirmlsh at
Dunnville. when John Carley, one of
the Cripple Creek miners, was killed
by the militia, deny the published re
port that the miners were the first to
tire. Neither were they entrenched
behind rocks waiting for the militia,
according to their statement, but they
appeared on the scene and fled imme
diately they were fired upon. The
miners deny having fired the shot.
They say it would have been easy for
them to completely annihilate the
small squadron of militiamen, had
they so desired.
Miners Claim Troops Showed No Quar
ter at Duunville.
FIRED UPON AS THEY RAN.
HAICHENG, June 11. — Ten Cos
sacks along the railway south of
Haicheng on June 9 came Tnto con
tact with fifty Chinese bandits. Fif
teen- of the bandits were killed or
wounded and eight captured. The
Cossacks ' lost one killed and two
wounded.
Fifteen Chtinehus Killed or Wounded
. and Eight Captured.
COSSACKS ROUT BANDITS.
Sheriff Bt-11 said to-night that his
investigations into the Independence
murders show that some "good boys"
will be found to have been the worst.
He promises one or two sensations in
this regard in the next few da vs.
COLORADO SPRINGS. June 12. —
A meeting of the employers of labor
was h^ld here to-day and a secret
commfttee was appointed to draft a
petition regarding the employment of
organized labor in the district. The
committee will meet to-morrow and
will report Tuesday, when the Citi
zens' Alliance and the Mine Owners'
Association will make known their
position In regard to organized labor.
Dynamiting Outrage,
Result of Sheriff Bell** Inquiry Into
PROMI.SES A SENSATION".
The Coroner was notified late Satur
day night by Dr. Frank T. Duncan
that Mrs. Zeller was in a critical con-
Mrs. "Dr." M. Allen, 1118 Market
street, is under arrest and a charge of
murder will bft registered against her
in connection with the death of Mrs.
May Zeller, a young married woman,
who lived at 416 O'Farrell street.' Mrs.
Zeller died , at the McNutt Hospital
about 7 o'clock yesterday morning.
WOMAN ARRESTED ON
A CHARGE OF MURDER
ditlon from peritonitis, following
an operation. The police were
communicated with and Detective
Braig and Assistant Bond and War
rant Clerk Flood hurried to the hos
pital to take her ante-mortem state
ment. She refused to say that she
believed she was dying, but made d
statement implicating Mrs. AUeh. De
tective Bralg arrested Mrs. Allen, but
when he took her to the hospital Mrs.
Zeller was dead.
Mrs. Allen has been in similar
trouble before. Some years ago she
was arrested, tried and acquitted on a
charge of murder and a few months
ago she was arrested In connection
with the death of Eva Martin, a ser
vant, but was not prosecuted.
A thorough sifting of rumors and re
ports results in a reliable estimate that
there are 4000 Russians between here
and the Tumen River, about half of
' them mounted Cassacks. An unfound
| ed rumor to-day Is that 400 Russians
\ are within twenty miles, and this has
| thrown Gensan into an upheaval of
j consternation and excitement. Such a
• feeling of uneasiness I never have
i seen, even at Pingyang.
Eight hundred infantry and no cav
alry or artillery whatever is the total
Japanese garrison at Gensan, and
these are the only troops Japan main
tains on the eastern Korean coast. The
lack of cavalry prevents effective
scouting. The infantry Is useless
against- the mobile Cossack bands
forming the principal Russian force
for 200 miles to the north.
This tightening of the censorship on
news portends the gravity with which
the authorities view the situation here.
GENS AN. June 3 (by runner to
Seoul, thence via Chefu. June 12).—
Hitherto the Japanese censorship here
has been comparatively easy, but I
was notified to-day that hereafter all
messages, either telegraphic or mail,
must first be submitted to the com
manding officer, the Japanese Consul
or the telegraph office censor: J am
continually followed -by two detectives,
who report my every movement to the
commandant.
Hernld Publishing Company.
respondent of The Call.
Fr-wia". Cnblf to Th<? Call and New York Her
ald. Cppyritht. 1JWM. by the New York
Japanese Detectives Follow War Cor-
ESPIONAGE IS CONSTANT.
NEW YORK, June 12. — With the
Lake Torpedo-boat Company's sub
marine boat Protector firmly lashed
to her decks, the Norwegian steamer
Fortuna Is" now far out on the seas,
bound direct for the Suez Canal. Two
members of her crew/ Chief Engineer
Wilson and George Evans, a diver, ac
company the submarine craft to
Oriental waters and will remain on
board while she is put in fighting con
dition, to instruct the Japanese crew.
Will Teach Japnnese How to Opcr-
ate the Submarine Boat.
Yankee crew for protector.
TOKIO, June 12.— The following of
ficial dispatch from Admiral Kataoka
has been received:
"There are four reservoirs at Taka
ho. The water is now under analysis,
but we doubt the statement of the
natives that the Russians have poison
ed the wells. It seems evident the na
tives had the intention of preventing
us using the water."
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1904. bv the New York
Herald. Publishing Company. . ,
Accusation Against Russlun Soldiers
Proves to Be Groundless.
NO POISON IN WATER.
The particularly attractive feature of
the proposition to send the exiled men
tti New Mexico was that there they
would be amenable to Federal law
only. Governor Peabody has been
ask»-d to order General Bell to send
further shipments of deported miners
from Cripple Creek to New Mexico and
approves of the plan.
DENVER. June 12.— A new mining
camp will be opened in New Mexico to
receive the deported union miners from
Cripple Creek. The Western Federa
tion of Miners will work the claims on
a co-operative basis and will have en
tire jurisdiction over their develop
ment. Provision will be made by the
federation for all deported miners and
to this end carlwads of supplies will
be sect to the new camp immediately
as a starter. -The camp will be located
near Ties Pledras, which is twenty
miles south of the Colorado line on the
lint of the Denver and Rio Grande.
There is a district ten miles square
of virgin ore ar.d the work of mining
will be parceled out to the union men.
They will work on the co-operative
I.Ian, but will be supported by the
federation while prospecting.
Governor Peabody Agrees to
Send Future Shipments of
Military Prisoners to the
Newly Acquired Claims
CAMP ALREADY
BEING EQUIPPED
TOKIO, June. 12. — Rear Admiral
Togo reports that on Tuesday a part
of the fleet bombarded the west coast
of the Liaotung Peninsula, near Kali
chou, and drove back a military train
that was approaching southward. The
enemy was moving in troops and
erecting works, evidently expecting a
landing of Japanese at that point and
making all preparations to prevent it.
Small gunboats sent close in by Rear
Admiral Togo bombarded the Rus
sians at work, and, it is believed,
caused considerable damage. .
Rear Admiral Tojjo Reports # Damage
Done by His Warships.
BOM B AIIDM EXT OF COAST.
I sometimes fear that forces .now active
may wreak themselves on the community and
again overthrow civilization as It was over
thrown in Southern Eurcpe 1500 years ago.
Neither this nation nor any of the other ad
vanced peoples of the world has any patent
right to a constant progress or to a lasting ex
istence.
One of tho conditions to which the trustee
ship of the gospel Is to be applied Is the sub
ject known as labor and capital. This condi
tion is most serious. Two element* necessary
for the producing of results cf primary value
to the community, or In constant or periodic
antagonism. . Capital at times seems to give
ground fcr the Judgment that nothing Is so
chetp as human toll, and no supply so certain
or so large a» human life. On the other har.d,
the laborer is liable to be Jealous of the capi
talist, lie feels he Is not getting his full In
crement of the Increasing force of civilization.
Ito feels himself often opposed, cajoled, played
with, fooled. He easily becomes an anarchist.
He ». ts law breaking at the top. and he at the
bottom defies the law. Sullen, . gloomy, re
vengeful he often U. Tho labor union he uses
as a mighty engine of democracy both against
the capitalist and his brother workman. It Is
the most. Important tool of modern Industry
and of modern life. *
CLEVELAND, Ohio. V^une 12.—Th
annual baccalaureate sermon .to the
graduating classes of Adelbert College
and the College for Women of Western
Reserve University by President Charles
F. Thwing was delivered to-night in
Beckwith Memorial Church. Thwing
spoke on the text of "Trustshlp of the
Gospel." In "the course of the sermon
Dr. Thwing said:
Says Neither This Nor Any
Nation Has Patent Eight
to a Constant Progress
Large flat cars are used to bear the
buildings, all of which are cottages of
wood construction. It is expected that
by the end of the week Wadsworth will
be depopulated. Nothing but a few old
sheds Will mark the spot which was
once a division terminal with big rail
road shops. Sparks is now the division
point and also contains the oillce of the
train dispatchers, who have been
transferred from W.nnemmucca.
SALT LAKE, June 12.— The town of
Wadsworth, Nevada, is in the process
of removal to a point thirty-two miles
west or its old site on the Southern
Pacific railroad. By the new schedule
that went Into effect to-day the west
ern terminal of the Salt Lake division
has been changed from Wadsworth to
Sparks. Nevada. This Is the result of
a cut off Just completed by the South
ern Pacific. The cut off takes Wads
worth off the main line. •
Once a flourishing little town. Wads
worth is now not even a wav, station.
Mos,t of the population of "Wadsworth
was compo-sed of railroad men. These
men were permitted to select by lot,
building sites adjacent to the shops of
the company at Sparks, exchanging
their land at Wadsworth for lots in
the new town. After the drawing
Manager Alger notified the men that
if they would have their houses drawn
to, the railroad - p-aek the company
would transport the buildings to
Sparks free of charge. The offer was
accepted and the transfer is now in
progress.
Railroad Men Take Advan
tage of Company's Offer
and; Ship Their Cottages
Men Deported From Colorado
Will Be Given Work on a
Co-operative Basis in a
District of New Mexico
TELLS OF CONDITIONS
MUKDEN, June 12.— General Kuroki
is rapidly advancing northward from
Fenewangcheng. , The two armies will
soon be in touch. The" Japanese cav
alry .have reached Slamatsza, where a
Russian detachment fought with a
brigade, the Russians afterward retlr?
Ing.
LIAOYAN'G, June 12.— Ensign Marilo,
who has returned from . the battle of
Saimatsza. fought on June 7, says that
the Japanese lost about 300 men.
He speaks in the highest terms of the
work of the Red Cross doctors, Poosen
a.nd Bontesh, who attended the wound
ed under flre. When the order came
to retire these doctors refused to leave
the station until the last of the wound
ed had been brought out and attended
to.
After the battle a wounded Russian
was found with his tongue- cut out.
There Is a general disinclination to
attribute this mutilation to the Japan
ese, after the kindness which they had
previously shown to the Russian
wounded, and it is believed to be more
probable that it was the work .of Chi
nese bandits.
It is alleged that during the engage
ment the Japanese again misused the
Rod Cross by getting within 400 yards
urder its cover and then firing vol
leys.
Reports of the Siuyen fight of June
8 say that the Japanese lost 100 killed
and the Russians one killed and twen
ty-one wounded, including two officers.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1901, by the
Xew York Herald Publishing Company.
men who fell in the battle were burled
and thirty men were buried by the out
posts, making a total of 704 killed left
behind by the Russians. v -
College President Refers to
Unions as an Important
Tool of Modern Industry
Wounded Russian Is Found With His
Tongue Cut Out Jif er the Battle
Fought at Saimatsza.
FEDERATION
BOYS MINES
FOR EXILES
THWING TALKS
ABOUT LABOR
GENEREL KUROKI NEARING
POSITION OF SLAV ARMY
HOUSES AEE FitEIGHT
Work of Transferring Wads
lvortli, Nevada, to Sparks
Commenced by Railroad
ENTIRE TOWN
ON THE MOVE
T^HE SAN : FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 13,/ 1904.
2
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
I hint¥Jhe wise
Tbis Adrice WU1 Bear Sepeatlnr la Saa
Frascicco. f > ; , -
"Don't chase shadows."
Doubtful proof is but a shadow.
Tou can rely on testimony of people
'you know.
You can Investigate local evidence.
Robert J. Rowland, painter, of 1610
.Ury.-ir.t sL. say*: "I don't know whether
the lame, wfak and aching back I had
could be called lumbago, and I am un-
certain whether it was caused by over-
work or by lifting whila painting one of
the boats, but I do know It was suffi-
ciently annoying to be decidedly r*jgra-
vatlnp and a course of the treatment of
L>oan'8 Kidney Pills stopped it. If every-
one In San Francisco receives as much
iK-neflt from that remedy i« I. backache
will cease to exist in this vicinity."
For Bale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-Mllburn Co.. Buffalo. X. Y-, sole
events for the United States. -
Remember the name, Doan's, and take
»e substitute.
j^tM^< Trains leave »«d ar« *«•
Ll^^^z] SAN FRANCISCO.
\^\^^yCj Tmox Ju»» I, 1904.
N^jj \\s F»«»T DrroT
N "~— fToot of Market Street )
«•»"« - MAIN LINE. - ?a»t-r>"
700a V«c»Ttlle. Winter*. Ranmy 76C»
7 -OCA Bealcla. Su'.suu. Elnilm an. t Sacra- - .
mento 7.2»»
7 J0a TalleJo. Nnpa. Callstoirit. Saata
Kosa. Vlartlaci, Sno Unmon S 20»
740a Nils*. Llrermors. Tracy, tuihrox
Stockron 7.2C^
8.00a Bbasta Bxpresa — (VU DaTt*),
Williams (for Oartiott 8pr1n«»>.
Wlllo-T*. tKruto. Ceil Itla.r.
Portland. Tacoma. Reatlta 7-50*
¦ .00a Dana. Woodland. Knights Landing.
M»rT»vi!le. Oro»IUo 7-50*
I-30A Port Costa. Uartlnrz. Anf.pch.
E/ron, Tracr. Stocfcton. New-
man. Los Hanoi. Mendots,
Annona. lUnforl. Vise I la.
Porterrille 4^0^
BJIOa Port Costa, Lathrup. Modesto,
Merced. Trrsno. Uoshen Ji ac-
tion, llanford. Vlaalla. Bakers-
Oeld 4-50»>
S-3CA Nile*. Ban Jo*e, LUermore. Stock-
Ion. (tMIIton). lone. Sacramento.
PlacerTttle. Msrys»Ule. CbIco,
lied Rio IT 4-20*
830* Oskdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora. Tnoinmne and Anirala 4.2o«>
8 OCa Atlantic Exprras— Octlea and R**t. 11.20a
B30a nichmood. liartlnes and Way
Stations i-BO*
10-OCATas Orerland Limited — Ogdea.
Denrer. Omaha. Chicago. j.20»>
tOOOA Vallejo 122O#
1000a Los Anireles Passenser — Port
Costs. Martioez, Rrroa, Tracy,
Lsthrop. Stockton. Merced.
Itaymond. Fresno. Gosben Junc-
tion, llanford. Leinoore. VUalla,
Ba!;er»flrld. Loa Angeles 7.20»
12.00m Mayward. Nlles and TTay Statiooa. 3.20f»
11.00P Sacramento KjTer Strnmers. tl I.OOp
3 ICP Bentcla. Winter*. Sacramento.
'Woodland. Knttfbts Laadlng.
• Msryirtlle.' OrotJlle sod wsy
sUtloas 10.50*
940pna7wsr<1.5llesandWa7 Stations.. 7 52f»
i.SQv rort Costa. Uartlnex. Bjroa.
Tracy, Lalhrop, Uidtilt.
Merted. Bcrrnda, Freano and
"Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20P
S-SOp Tosemlte VaUey, Tla Berrada and
TVawons 860*
3-30P Mtrtlnrx. Trsry. Slocktoo. Lndi... 10.20*
4 OOP *Iarttaex.San lUmon.ValleJo.Msps,
CallilOKA. SanU Ko*a 8-ZO*
4 00PNUee. TrafT. Stockton. Lodi 4.20(»
4.3CP Bayward. Nlles. irrlnfton. Saal tS.SOA
Jose, LlT«rmor« > »11.50a
BXCpThe Owl Limited— Newmaa. Los
llanos. Mrndots. Fresno, Tulare,
Itakersdeld. LosAaceloa. 8-60*
BJJOp rort Costa. Tracy. Stockton t2.20*>
tS 3CP llsvward. Nlles and San Jose 7.20*
6-COp llaywarrt. NIIm and San Jose t.bOA
SOOp Ea*trra Expreaa— Uirden. Dcnrer,
Omaba. St. Louts. Chicago aad
East, via Port Costa, ouUua.
Klmlra, DaTla, Saerameato, Col-
fax. Ueno I 23»
I.OCp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I 7 ».
700P Vallclo, SnnMay oaly f ' 60m
7-CCp tiichinond, l*sa Pablo, Port Costa,
Mnrtlnes snd Way Station* 11.20a
7-C0p Oregon it California Expren— 8ae-
ramento, UarysTllle. Raddinc
Portland. Pajri Sound and Kaat. t-SOa
8 0SPl>nu Passenger — Port Coata, Sat-
son. Elmlra. Darl*. Sacramento,
Trnckee. Lake Taboe. sad Way
Sutlons beyond Sacrsmeato.... 7.B3*
81 Cp Bay ward, Nlles and Saa Jose (Saa-
dsyenly) 11.60*
COAST LINE (>arr»w Waage).
(Koot of Market Street.)
7.45a Santa Cro2Excnr«lon(Snndayoaly) 8-10>*
8-IBa Newark. Oanterrllle. San Jose,
Felton. BoalderCreek. Blc Basin,
Santa Cruz sad Way Stations... 5 55p
t9-15A AlTsrsdo. Newark, San Jose, Los
Gaios.Glenwood. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Biz Basin. Saata Cru.... 8-10l»
tS.ISp Kewark. Centsrrllle, San Joa«^
New Almaden. Lo* OatoavFtltoa.
Bonlder Crnvk. Saata Cr«i aad
PrtnetjMtl Way 8 U tlon* 1048a
4.1&P Newark. Saa Jose, Loe Oatos aad
war station* 13.56*
4.1SP Wright. FeltoD. BoalderCreek aad
Santa Crux. Saturday aad Scnday
only HM*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Irom BAN Kit AN CISCO. Foot uf Market St. (SUsI)
— r>:13 t:V 11:00 a.m. 100 300 6.15 r.m.
Irom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:M> iM:»
t8:0a 18:00 a.m. 12 00 200 4 00 r.u.
COAST LINE (Bread UaagsL
tar ( flifrd and Towasead Streets.)
6.10a 9aa Jo«« aed Way Station* 6-30*
1700a San Jose aod Way Stattoas (.40*
7.16a Monterey and Saata Cru» Ik*i>
•Ion (Sunday only) 1ft_J0»»
8 00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. onry ), i-ta*
• 00a Tho Coait^r— Stops only Saa Jose,
Gllroy (connection for Holi:*-
ter). Pajare, CMtrorille (eon-
nection to and from Monterey
sad Pacific GroTe). *allaa». Saa
Ardo, Paso Bobles. Santa Mar-
garita. Saa Lais Oblspo. principal
statloo* tnenee Surf (connection
for Lompoc). principal nation*
thence Sanu Barbara.Saa Baeaa-
Tcntara, Moauiro. Oxnird, Bar-
b»nk. Los ABgeles 10.4f»»
fl.OOA Saa Jose, Tres Plaos, Capitol a.
SantaCras.PaclaeOrOTe.SaJlBaa.
S»n Lais Obtspo aad Prlactvai
Wsy Sutloas 4-10»
1040a Can Jose aad Way Sutlos*. 1.20*
11 -30a Saau Clara. Saa Jose. Loe Oatos
snd Way sutloas 7.38*»
UCpBsn Jose and Way Stations 8 3*A
I34M1P Del Monte Kxpreas— Santa C!ara,
Baa Juse. Del Moate. Mooterey.
Pacific OroTe (coanecU at Saau
; j - Clara, except Sanday, for Sanu
Cras, Boolder Creek aad Nanow
Oaa»e Points) 12-1S*
5-3CP Pacific Grore Way Pastenrer, Bur-
llairasie, Saa Jose aad Way Sta-
tions, connect* st Gllroy for Hot-
lister, Tres Plaos, at Pajaro for
Capitols. Saau Cms at Castro-
Tllle for Salinas. 10 45*
430p fan Joae and Way Buttons tS 00*
16 OOP 8anta Clara. Has Joae, Loa Gato*.
VTrl«bt aad principal Way Si*-
Uods (except Soudsy) r8-00*
J530p BanJoseaadPrtaetpalWaySutloaa JS 43*
6 4&p8aDset Express.— Kedwood. Saa
1 - Jose.Gtlroy.Sallaas.PasaHoblee,
Saa Lul* ObUpo, Santa Barbara,
Lo* Angeles, bemlng. Kl F»«o,
New Orleans. New York. Coo-
nccU at Pajaro for «ao.U Cra«
and at CastroTlUa for Paclfio
GroTe and Way Sutloas 7 10*.
tfi 15p ba»iiateo,Beresford,BelineavSaa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
UeoloPark. Palo Alto tC48*
6 30p S*b Jose aad Way Sutloas. 8-34*
8-OOp Palo Alto and Way Stmioti* 10.1&«
11.30P bouthSanFraactsco. MlUbrae.Bar-
Uagame. Saa Mateo. Belmont.
Baa Carlos. Uedwood. Fair Oaks,
Mealo Psrk. sad Palo Alto f.48p
• 1U0*»siayn«ld. Moaauta View, Sonny-
T»le, Lawreace. Saau Clara and
Saa Joae t$.45»
A for Moruin*:. P for Afternoon,
lbnnday excepud IBandavonlr
-. . e Satarday only. • Moaday only.
I Slop* at alt tuttloD* on Snauay.
VOitlj train* stopptnit at Valencia St. aouthbovaJ
are»:10A.li.. ?:CWa.*i^ 7:13 *. «.. 11:*Ia. m., J:30r m
1:30 P.M. aad SiOOr.M. \ "*•
> fumr Gil 8.00 yrTn
RAILWAY TRAVEI*
S LIMITED TO CH1CACC g
M LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS fl
f& at »:3O «- m~ tHron^H In 3 d»7». fe
H with diner aa& s>U tT * vv^f*" ,..^1
Other Santa re Tralni:
7:30 a. m. 1 ' tor Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfl«ld,
9:30 a., m. V iitrc^ i% Hanford and VisaUa. \
8 :0O p. m. j
4:00 b. in. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
'Chicago.
TICKET orriCES— 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot. 8. P. AUo Ilia Broad-
way. Oakland. OaL 37 South Pint St..
San Joae. ' _^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEE
• SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EAII.WAT COMPANY.
Titonron Perry, Poot of Market Street.
SAN FBANCISCO TO SAN BAPAM.
WEEK DATS — T:30, 8:00, 0:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30, 3:40.' 5:10, 5:50, 8:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays— Extnf trip at 1:30 p. m."
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. 8:10. 6:30, .1:30 p. m. "
SAN BArAEL TO SAN FBANCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS — «:05. 6:50. T:35. 7:50, 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:0O. 3:40, 0:00. 5:20.
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43
p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:13 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40, 4:50. 5:00. 5:20, 6:25. 7:50 p. m. tEx-
c:pt Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. I May 1. 1004. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- J Destina- I Sun- I W«ek
Days.) days, f tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30a . 7:45 a! 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:«>a 8:40 a 8:4Oa
8:0Oa 0:30 a Ignacio. 10:20 a|lf>:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:23 p
S:45p
7:30a 7:30a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00a Novato. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p fl:30a Petaluma 6:20 r 6:20 p.
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a| 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:<tt)a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p «:20p
2:30 p 2:30 p| 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30a 7:30a Hraldsburg. 10:2Oa 10:20a
Lytton. t
2:30 p 2:30 p . OeyservUle, 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a! 7:30 a| Holland 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
I I . Wiirtts. j I
7:30a|7:30a| Sherwood. |7:23p|7:23p
8:C0al 8:00 a) Guernevllle and 110:20 a!10:20 &
2:30 p| 2:30 pf Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8:00 a| 8:00 a ." " I 8:40 a| 3:40 a
5:10 pi !>:30a Sonoma. I 6:00 p| 6:20 p
I 5:10 p Glen Ellen. j 8:45 pi
7::tOa! 7:30 a! '. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 0:20 p
STAGES conneot at Santa Rosa for Whltt
Sulphur Spring* and Mark West Springs; at
-Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdal* for the Geysers. Boone-
villt- and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelsey>-llle, Carls-
tad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's.
SHPhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*s Hct
Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
West port. Usalj at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
W*stpurt. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle. Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsens,
Dyer. Garbcrville. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*.
Or Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyend San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
bulldln?. V •
JAS. L. FRAZ1ER, . R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
ifPPP^P^PrPIre 5ANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY.
j.*LJLMMIHBTaWUf43fi i'llLL. V ivLi^H I *
pgp^g CAZADERO, Etc.
'•V'^h*U^w*^Si*<*' via SauaaUto Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE,
feuart trom San Francisco, week days, at
U -30 7 10. 7:45 »:30. a:15. 10:0o, 11:00 a. m.
(l):40 a. m. Sausallto only), 12:20. 1:«, 3:15,
400 4:33. 5:15. 5:50. ti:25. 7:15, 9:00. 10:20. !
11-35 P. rn. Sundays and ie^aj holidays, depart
at 710. " : * 5 - S::{0 - usl5 ' » 0:U ". 11:00. 11:40
a m. 12:20. 1:00 1:45. 2:30, 3:15, 4:00. 4:33.
I 5:15. "5:50. 0:23. 7:15. 8:13. 0:00. 10:2u. 11:35
° Arrive at San Francisco week days. 8:17.
7:00 7:35. 8:15. 8:43. U::13, 10:20. U:u5 a. m..
12:03. 1:23, 2:50. 3::«5, 4:20, 5:03. 5:40. 6:15.
0-55, 7:55. 10:03. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45.
2:l)5. 8:50 p. m.
For Falrfnx. week days, depart at 7:45 a. m.,
3:15 p. m. 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45, 8:30. 0:13, 10:00.
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:43, l':3O. 7:13
and »:13 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
0:15 a. m.. Sundays only— for Point Reyes.
«U-.
3:15 p. m.. datly except Sunday— For Caza-
dero, etc.
5:15 p. m., dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc. .
7:15 p. to.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc. '
! 8:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Caiadero, etc. |
TICKET OFFICE— 620 Market St. j
1 FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
ADVEETISEMENTa
jti£tk TTKTBfly jiiA**!**^'***'*!*****^^*!! pB BBBu[^j^¥T>^^pr|nc Bjh
[g e n u in e r e t i r i n g i
I Busier Than Ever Saturday I
It really seems as if the people had lost all interest b
1 in the offerings of other stores. But that's not stir- I
I prising— no other store can afford to sell fashion- j
I able goods at* such amazingly little prices. Neither |
I could we under normal conditions. ¦
I This is Part* of the Bargain Pro- I
I gramme for to-day and to-morrow I
I Furnishing Goods Department |
$1.00 Goll Shirts , « 1 50c Underwear |
« ...... now cut to OjC j . . now cvt to OjC 1
I $1.00 Still Shirts . ... , r I $1.25 Underwear •¦• nQ I
| . . now cut to 0^C | . . — now cut to 7 5C 1
I $1.00 Overshirts • rr I 5 1 - 50 Underwear. ¦ . . Q -
I now cvt to OjC 1 ...... now cvt to 9bC
I $3.50 Wash Vests.. t Q n J 50c Fancy SocKs... -„
I — now cvt to JI.Vj I . . now cvt to 25C |
!$1.25 Still Shirts . . . ' | 25c Fancy SocKs. . 1 , I
. . . . . now cut to o3C 1 now cut to 1U73C 1
$1.25 Goll Shirts .::. QQ \ 50c Fovr-in-Hands. oc i
. . how. cut to ojC A , now cut to 25C I
$1.25 Overshirts .. cq . I 25c Midget Tics .. 1O 5
: ¦':'¦':. . now cvt to OjC | .... now cut to \c}/iZ |!
B ; ifiaL Department l!
I $2.00 Straw Hats. ;^ 11 n \ $2.56Pec-wceDcrby <J , 1 ,- I
\, ; v .v. .now cvt to $1.1 J I Hats, now cvt to Jl.UJ |
I $3.00 Soft Hats.../^ 1OC ,1 $6.50 Panama Hats ~. nn jj
I" [JS - now cvt to $ 1 •"»> I .... .now cvt to } 4.UU 1
$3.00 Derby Hats. . 4tl Q _ I $2.00 Soft Hats. . . . - t oc S
.•'¦.' ... .now cut to $1.Vj I now cut to $1.2!) I
{Tailoring Department* !
$25.00 Svits ..:;.. C1 « i W5.00 Svits ........ co _ 1
' . . . . . . .now cvt to $1»5 f . . . : . .now cut to $2j D
| : > .^.WATCH OUR WINDOWS....
y j 1028-1030 Market* St., San Francisco. J
**tfT^fcL T^rTT *^^^^^EP^^P*my2Milffl>"JW-^« | j^^? 'Jraa^^gsajMy wywff jjj «ytfr
SI^^Rrjoni^^ Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
OF fl PJ fl T 0 r/3 V GUARANTEED CTJIIE TOK MEN.
VClMOtUlii «r MKIMIUINl V HABK1.ESS IWJEOTIOW. Cures ordinary
0 mB 10BllUXXXI8T.tit.8titt7tt,B.r.C»I. A cases in a few days. Warranted to euro
<Y -laLJ ¦ yrS&^fS^SS^H^Z^i A worst cases - ™° onunn tseatmekt
' PgQ di»«»« »>««ni»^irc-«r«db y throide»i Y BEQUIBED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
° JcLmI s P« c » l '" oath »C°«- Kstj6 years. O tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
$ U*&U DR * J0ROAN-O!8EASES OF MEN 0 Jess. J2.00 for both bottles For sale only
\ a If ' 11 H '**"'•• • T ' '. ' . , ¦ ¦ *->
u P II ' ¦¦ lift '¦ w 'itefor Boek. »"»»lI-«»*»»*»* V »t A HAITWAV I'Dlirn
- 71 il ¦*«•¦«*•¦• mailed p«««. ( a r j _._"^~™^ y ? .'T
(£ na joni)A?» a co.. iosi Market St.. s. r. ¥ MiT. TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
¦ - ¦ • Leave - fia Jknialits Ftrrj Arrive
: ¦¦*¦ " ¦¦•_ ¦. -.¦ - .-;.<¦¦ .¦¦¦: •.. ¦. • S*u Frauclsco y««t »f lUtkrt St. San Krmi clsco
•(' - . . »>-- r a sm/ <> l!'C • I Week Sun- gra son- Week
yTreCToW Blr raj . io-ooa \^^^9 2O5p*hob&
I V *»-t*^*-6' EaUeJJ'BL.I^a 10:00 a 11:00 a %^^fflg^ 3:35 r 3:35 r
MEDICAL . 1:46 p 12,20 p 6-40 r 6:15 I
©1SCOVEIRY • 6:1Br 8 ' si"? :*!..
%^^ FOR7HE" *Tla CrsTrty Ctr. • T»M»lpali U I1H MI«T-
! >«l aitnn uvrD iSIMaTlC Tickkt «62S Markkt St. (North Shore Railroad)
\ CH.1MJP,LIVEK.1.UKU».1 q,, ku } aa d 6A08i.UTO f jskk v, Foot Market 61.
&QN 9 r &£ F0OLi&ff-Bify s$r
K^ffeSlS fVlA^KET ST.
_sf _Z\|T Telephone Sontii 1082.
ff^i^l GROCERIES.
r^-fe^C&i BOSTON BAKED «;AXS^ JAPAN HEAD BICE^- —
lVwt*U.ir«^*vSi»t«»i«»'* Extra "larse; fancy quality:
*S?V^ rfcy v*t Re*r. 10c. : Equal In quality cooks perfect. Re*. 3 pounds
J&%^\ to the best brands In tho i3c.
JT^E4\ A_«Tlllfl market— like Heintis cr % an z - r VANII.A ANT' LEMON
£&A^A»Vit*Vlli ' Camp's. No limit. FLAVOHING Bottle 25c
ffxfflneSzd&^Wji OLD GOVERNMENT JAVA X XXX Special — "Martins
W^r( alrcil Rejf. 40c. iV you aren't per- -..tVp MILK 2 cam i.'c
m^^MsxM \ihTi&"!\%z- Q £> ™$&i tL &&3.
MASON FKiriT JARB.^ --^ • ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ Z™^
P*^~ Porcelain iliied tops; limited or English Breakfast— it ycu
quantity. I wish.
V E HY BEST CRHAMEHV^UTTr,^ SARDINE^
i it ' "#ho wpll-known brands — Marln. Full halves ••• "*'
W^S SiSl^^oWE.... TA^ VS.
FRENCH BKbAiWAsi 2 poundn 35c Flavor of fresh beans. Regr. .5 for 25c.
¦?TV4.» * 1 *' 10 Plnt » 3
Natural ' sweetness/ ' Unbleached. Non-lntoxlcatln*.
LIQUORS.
OLD MCBRAYE* WH IS KET- S
5r.Vr.Sf 3&Ug K iS CKY HYE . W . H !^ T r. fl^O
OLD CROW WHISKEY Bqttle SM>c ™^&ZZfa''£Z&&l Distillery.
BdU^ l Sn ; rAvnO!N'- C years old. in wood; high proof.
. JS^Sg^l canon roc
Full quart Reg * I 35 OLD PRIVATE STOCK PORT AND
AURORA TONIC PORT WINE- -£ gHBBRT^. £
H^aUhhU and pWlatable: R«.' $1.00 from ajring: wfe for medicinal use^FEO* ? | |I|
: ' • ¦ • £ i* £ : '
: i ? S?|
\ ! — = -; ...:
Xew South •W*ie». 2S.S0Q io\ 223. €22 S! 23.900
Vlctcrta. i 2S.92S 15: 2«.seo 5 23.138
Que*nalasd 9,2*3 4 "9.232 7 9.413
Scmii Australia. . . . T.5C8 IS 48.479 6 6.90M
"Westers Australia. 10.T34 0 43.454 0 3.»>**
Tuxan^ f... f 3^08 IS 20.42g 11 3.4SO j
Totals I 8SJ44 »! «78,002—j 72,523
On May 13 a party of recruits for
Dowle's Zion City, near Chicago, ar
rived fn Sydney from South Australia-
There were sixty-three men. women
aztA children, comin? mostly from Ade- •
lalde. They were under the care of
several **ov«rseer«~ and pastors and
expected to tafl for Vancouver Is a
few days. They were apparently of the
Cape May Editor Drowned.
CAPE MAT, N. J., June 12. — E. A.
Streavig. aged about 20 years, editor
of the Cape May Wave, was drowned
In the ocean to-<lay while bathing.
His home was in Hanover, Pa.
Mr. Cole in speaking of wireless
telegraphy said:
"Our experiments to-day with Yerba
Buena were entirely successful. I should
have attempted ta have communicated
earlier with the harbor, but in the
heavy storm we passed through during
the last few days our aerial cage was
blown down, and the succession of gales
prevented us from putting it up again
until this morning. The moment it was
again in working order I began signal-
Ing, with the result as stated. The at
mospheric conditions on the California
coast are simply perfect for our demon
strations.
"In and about Panama, however, the
conditions are very bad. and our ex-
periment3 were thereby not what we
should have liked to have had them.
We have been talking from here to
Mare Island all the morning, and with
the greatest ease. "We are using the
Slaby-Arco system. Waves fronj tnis
machine travel at the rate of IS"* miles
a second. The transformer we are us
ing- is caoable of generating 130.000
volts. We can use both the Continental
and Morse codes."
Captain Dlehl will leave the Boston
on the 13th inst. He goes to Washing
ton to act as judge advocate general
of the navy.
Commander John Hubbard will re
lieve Captain Diehl in command of the
Boston.
The resolution, on being put to the
meeting, was carried unanimously, and
the gathering, which was a very or
derly one, dispersed.
One of the speakers made reference
to the employment of Chinse labor on
the cable steamer Iris. J. K. Kneen.
secretary of the Auckland branch of
the Seamen's Union, in supporting the
resolution regarding the Transvaal
question, said that New Zealand should
put her own house In order. There
was. he said, a vessel lying In the
Auckland harbor at the present time
which was manned in the stokehold by
Chinese, who were paid the wage of
30s a month, and yet this vessel re
ceived a subsidy from our government,
as well as from the commonwealth
ar.d .Canadian governments. He stated
that he had received a message from
J. C. Watson, the Premier of the com
monwealth, . stating that the employ
ment of these Chinese was contrary to
a clause in the federal constitution,
and that he intended to bring the mat
ter before the federal Parliament at
an early date, with a view to prevent
ing any 'further subsidy being paid un
der the present conditions. He moved.
"That this meeting protests against the
New Zealand Government giving any
furhter subsidy to this vessel while
It is manned by Chinese."
The resolution was carried unani
mously.
A Chinese merchant and his bride
arrived at Wellington from China, via
Sydney, by the Victoria on Friday.
The lady, who was handsomely attired
in her national, costume, attracted a
good deal of attention outside the Gen
eral Postofflce, where she- awaited in
an enclosed cab -the return of her
husband from the Customs. Fourteen
of her fellow countrymen, five of whom
were new chums, also arrived by the
same vessel, and the five had to pay
£100 each as poll tax before bets*; per
mitted to remain tn the colony.
Messrs. P. vE. Cheal, F. E. Baume.
M. H. R., R. F. Way. P. G. Andrew.
W. P. Black (a member of the Trades
and Labor Council), W. B. Fowler. A.
Rosser and J. K- Kneen made short
but forcible soeeches in favor of the
resolution.
Tha.t this macs vr.eetir.tr of citizens of Auck
land enters a most emphatic protest ajralnst
the importation of AslaUc labor Into the Trans
vaal, believta* that wr do «o endangers the
stability of the empire, and is unfair to the
white and colored subjects of the emsire al
ready ia South Africa.
The chairman, in opening the pro
ceedings, said that so long as the policy
of introducing Chinese labor into the
Transvaal mines was persisted in it
would always be competent for white
people to protest against it- G. Fowlds.
M. H. R-, made an address and then
submitted the following resolutions:
OPPOSED TO ASIATICS.
artisan class for the most part, though
there was a sprinkling of men used to
lighter occupations, such as clerks, etc.
All were vrell dressed and comfortable
looking, and the character of the crowd
was further Indicated by the quantity
and style of their luggage, which was
superior to that of the class to Trliion
one would take them to belong.
The public sentiment expressed in the
several cities of Australia against the
introduction of Chinese Labor Into the
Transvaal mines finds an echo in New
Zealand. On Saturday, May 14, an
cpen air meeting of citizens, called un
der the auspices of the Auckland
Trades and Labor Council, for the pur
pose of protesting against the introduc
tion of Chinese labor into the Transvaal
mines, was held at the Junction of
Queen and Grey streets on Saturday
evening. K. Boyd, president of the
Trades and Labor Council, presided,
and there was a good attendance
throughout the meeting, which lasted
for an hour and a half.
WAR» VESSEL. THAT* YESTERDAT AGAIN DEMONSTRATED THE PRACTI
CAL, VALCE OF WLREL.ESS TELEGRAPHY BY ANNOUNCING HUR AP
PROACH TO THE HARBOR WHEN 3 \lJT.T--^i SOUTH OF GOLDEX GATE.
Superintendent and Secretary of Cor
poration Show Fisfct and Defeat
Plan* of Robbers.
j JOHNSTOWN, Pa., June 12- — A des
t perate attempt was made this after
[noon.by four masked bandits to rob
[ Superintendent W. H. C. Ramsay and
i Secretary Frank Howard of the Johns-
I town Water Company cf about $3090
i in cash, which they were conveying- to
: the new Dalton Run Dana near this
I city to pay off the 400 men employed
j there. The two men made a run for It
I and escaped, but not until two hor3es
1 had been killed and about twenty-firve
i shots had been exchanged-
3f ASKED BANDITS FOILED
BT TWO PLUCKY OFFICIALS
The United States cruiser Boston,
which arrived in port yesterday, again
proved the practical value of wireless
telegraphy. When i twenty-five miles
south of the Gclden Gate she sent . a
message to Yerba Buena announcing
her approach. It was promptly re
ceived, understood and acknowledged
by the station at that point.
The Boston came into port at 10:30
o'clock yesterday morning and an
chored off Folsom street wharf. She
has been about six months at Panama
and vicinity. **Sh,e .sailed from that port
on May" 26 and stopped two days -at
Acapulco to coal, which makes her run
ning time to this i>ort fifteen days.
Captain S. W. B. Dlehl' reports that
nothing of importance took place on
the way up.*
When off Point Pedro, twenty-five
miles down the coast, she commenced
working her wireless telegraphy. Rus
sell T. Cole, the chief wireless operator
on the ship, was attempting to catch
Point Bonita, as he thought there was
a system installed at that point. Sud
denly he caught a message^from Yerba
Buena Island reading, "Are you the
transport Logan?" He immediately re
plied. "This is the cruiser Boston. "We
are off Point Pedro. Please notify Ad
miral McCalla at Mare Island of our
approach to the harbor." Immediately
came back the resr>onse from Yerba
Buena. "All right. We will advise Ad
miral McCalla."
1 James C. Johnson and John H. Far
reil Commissioned Postmasters.
Army and Xary Orders.
WASHINGTON". June . 12.— James C.
Johnson of Doble and John H. Farreil
of Hesperia. Cal. have been commis
sioned Postmasters. The PastoSce,. at
i Buchanan, iladera County, has been
' discontinued; mail to go to Raymond.
The leave of acsence on a surgeon's
j certificate cf disability granted Lieu
tenant Colonel 'William Robinson Jr..
deputy quartermaster general. Depart
ment of California, is extended cne
month oa surgeon's certificate of dis
ability.
Orders to naval oScers: As3i3tart
Paymaster E. II. Macker is detached
from duty at Navy Yard, Puget Sound,
"Washington, etc., and ordered to New
York for instructions. Assistant Pay
master F. W. Holt is detached from
the Pensacola. Naval Training Station.
San Francisco, and is ordered to the
"Wisconsin for instructions- Assistant
Paymaster H. B. Worden is detached
from the Pensacola, Naval Training
Station. San Francisco, and is ordered
to the Oregon for Instructions. Chief
Boatswain J. F. Brooba is detached
from the Franklin, Navy Yard. Nor
folk. Va.. etc. and ordered to the
Naval Station at Gaurn. L. I., via the
army transport Sherman, sailing from
San Francisco Julv 1. 1904.
Davis Murphy and Oliver B. Hitch
cock of San Francisco and Oscar F.
Ralph of Pomona have been appointed
railway mail clerks.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
There is little chance of the company
receding from the position It has taken,
and many of the strikers are anxiously
waiting the result of the threatened
strike order "from New York to San
Francisco." They elaijn such an order
will benefit them greatly, as that will
tie up every road on the coast.
There are S00 union freight handlers
in San Francisco. Of that number 350
have been in the employ of the South
ern Pacific, and the balance with the
Santa Fe ar.d the local roads. The
Southern Pacific men are the only ones
on strike at present, but the union, men
gay that the freight handlers on other
roads will soon be called out.
EXPECT GENERAL TIE-UP.
The strikers also claim that their de
mands for the increase in wages are
based to aa extent on the work they
perform being expensive to those that
live at regular boarding-houses, owing
to the uncertainty of the hours cf la
bor. The strikers say they would be
willing to work for the 22H ce%ts an
hour if the company would furnish
their meals, as is being done in the
present condition.
'According to the rules of the com
pany no overtime ia allowed unless
twenty minutes of any, half-hour is
worked. The union men claim that in
many instances they have worked two
hours and fifteen minutes, for which
they would only be allowed twp hours.
In such instances men that were board
ing would be compelled to go to a res
taurant for their suppers, when In real
ity their meals were already paid for
or charged against them. This feature
is one of the particular reasons given
by the union for demanding the in
crease.
There was no freight loaded at the
Southern Pacific sheds yesterday,
though there were great quantities re
ceived for shipment on Saturday. The
non-union men that are employed in
place of the strikers were allowed to
stop wcrk at T o'clock Saturday night,
but will resume loading this morning.
At the union headquarters it was said
seventy cf the non-union men would
not return to work this morning, as
they had all of the Job they wanted.
The officials at the sheds say less than
thirty men have quit, and cf that num
ber the majority were undesirable
hands. There are sufficient men to
handle the freight, and the company
expects to have no trouble about keep
ing the sheds clear.
The Ainion men claim it is costing the
company fylly twice aa much to retain
the non-union m^n as it would to al
low the demands of the union and pay
the 25 cents an hour a?ked for by the
strikers. They base that statement on
the extra number of men necessary to
perform the work and the additional
cost of maintaining the dining- depart
ment and the sleeping quarters.
REASON* FOR STRIKE.
During the fire an ambulance surgeon
was stationed near by to care for the
firemen, whose eyes^ caused them in
tense rain after each rush into the
smoke.
The damasa to the restaurant wa3
S10O.0CO. The upper floors of the build
ing were occupied by wholesale mil
liners, and the loss on their stock, which
was practically ruined by the smok?,
is also placed at J1C0.C00.
NEW YORK, June 12.— Thirty fire
men were temporarily overcome by to
bacco smoke and fumes from alcohol
early to-day while fighting a fire la
Foul's cafe, on Broadway. The fire was
confined to the stsb-cellar, in which
liquors and cigars were stored, and the
fuinea and the dense smoke from the
burning cfsars hindered the flrecea to
such aa extent that they were com
pelled to wcric in two-minute relays.
Surgeons Give Eeli§f ' to
Brave Fellows, and They
Again Kush Into Danger
Strikers Anxious for the
Threatened General Call-
Out to Be Issued Quickly
A c^uairJi to th- Sydney Herald j
from Melbourne. 3Iay 15, said: The ;
House c£ representatives will reas- |
semble on May IS after the three weeks' j
recess granted by Mr. Watson's Minis
try to arraj^e their programme. The
Cabinet will meet en the Monday preTi
oua. and. It is expected, will ¦finally deal
¦«"ith the measures to be introduced.
ar.d tie crrier in which they will be
submitted to Parliament. ¦ It is under
stood that the arbitration bill, which
brought the Government into existence,
•a-fll be placed first en the list and
wlH be taken in the lower house. It
Is regarded as certain that the Federal
capital fcUl will also be pushed en by
the Government and will be brought
up In the Senate, and. cf course, will
therefore be introduced by the Vice
President cf the Executive Council.
Senatcr MacGregor. It is the general
belief that the rrc gramme will include
a few other important bills and a num
ber of miner measures. The decisions
cf the Cabinet will be made known by
th* Prime Minister at the House's first
meeting. It is expected that he will
announce that the Government will ea
deavcr to p^rs both the bills named as
.early as possible. Efforts were made j
to cet Premier Watson, to deliver j
speeches at various places 5n order to ;
deal with the wcrk prepesed to be
carried cut ty the Labor government,
but h* decided that he wcuid announce
the Cabinet decisions in the House, j
and. furthermore, he was precluded J
from gpeaitirig at a pub^c meeting en
account cf the Cabinet not having
concluded its labors. The Labor party
appears tc hare no f»ars for the effects
cf any coalition ameng other parties,
and ail they ask for is fair J}la.y for
the Government.
"It is expected that the arbitration
bill win be the cz'.y distinctly party
measure wheih the Government will
submit.
"Other measures are expected to b*
cf an extremely "moderate"" or "mild"
character, so as to draw support from
ail sides cf the House."
WANTS FREE TRADE.
The Melbourne correspondent of the
Sydney Herald under date of May J>
•wrote:
Ja*t nc-sr ?-# only <rierticra to pronoke seri
ca discrsska is the possibility or otherwise
•'¦£ a caailticn betwe-n the two sections cf the
DCpMttleS. On aa har.ds It is agreed that an.
alliance wedd be desirable, and the only
wnzdOB is fccw it ifeaS b» brought abcut.
A^par^ntly. now that Hr. lieid has gone to
Sydney, members are In dotbt what shall be
• .".-• =»xt eipp. There ar» iineulties In the way.
s^L-i one cf the greatest cf these is believed to
b*- flsrjTiurf Mr. Deajdn at the last election
;ir»ariscd fiscal peace and preferential trade,
ilr. E»ul preached a, free trade tariS. and
r-?'»rertiil trade wculd act be weessary.
Nettbcr leader has hai his ideal tttainrd. as
t_~ [¦¦ftiai.f* -i**-**"— in Enffiand appears
t . *¦•• c. iii»-«ee:5i for a time, if net fcr g&oii. and
t IWI 1 Ills*! ccpcrtcnity cannot cmz.*. acccrd-
Irx ts Hr. Ti»-!iirt-_ antll Englxn'i sa»» some
projicFiis. llr. litli iatled to secnr» the ma
: r-.:v cf fr-etraders. waich he Insisted was
=*-c«*sarr bcicre he cccid connect to recpen
dM Saexl bane. Oae cf the deminast feelings
a=ccg Victorias moderate i.« thit Mr. Bfid
Eiar ocrs^nt to sheiv* the fis=cai <jue«t:cn tor
lius Pzriatmest; t«t th«"'? ts no g^iarante* that
te will n"t rsvxre ii at tie next election.
The Hera'd under date of May 10
c-rr. merited on the situation as follows:
1 1 rr.sr =*sw be lairly tc^ez*'*! *s certain
tiiat tae r-'-th to a ccaiitioa tetwe«a Mr. R«id
tj:<J 21r. r— '*-•" has at last beta cleared of
cbs»a<--;<^. cr.: that the two leaders will aoon
be abli ta stare the fact cf hearty co-operaticn
its BaS&riaJ Such w»s» to be the reascn
«t - tSSarsncatSOB of Mr. Reid's announce
t^k-t. <it jlczmaa last nignt. It is true that
fa<» c=!y said he wocld subordicatr all personal
«-csridtrat:>:x3 a=d wcuid now approach Mr.
U-akis to jrcpc»« a coalition. Th^re was no
cefinit^ statement that an tinders tandisg had
feeea arrived at. and &ju surface iS'11car!ccs
it wouid be t*Fy ta aryue that all tie hard
wcrk J-t<* to ccme. Mr. Eei4 said that when
he w^» ie*df-r ot tie eppesitica before the
rrweat cris-.s he cocid act be expected ta ap
p«arh tie Prime Ifiniyter. They were net ia
a positicn cf e^'iaiity. Sot, ho«ever. the sttu
aticn was aSterwl. asd one cocid approach the
ether wlthcot misgiving.
Latter advices indicate that the two
leaden have reached an agreement, but
the terms therecf had not been made
public Seme labor members waited on
Jlr. Deakln and urged that there should
be a coalition between his followers and
IM3HGRATIOX QUESTION-.
The ir-nugraticn Question is still re
reivirg much attention ct the hands of
the press. Regarding the action of the
Federal authorities in the matter of ad
rr.ittlng seme Italian miners into "West
Australia the Sydney Herald said in a
recent editorial:
The attirs'ie of th* carry led by Mr. Tfatsoa
t» tre treat <;-jesticn cf immigration wiZI
tarily t« altered by ti»« necessities of the
present crisis m Pederal politics. Australia, ts
t-) all intents »nd purposes an empty coctinect.
Eta three or rocr millicns ci ;»-•'> cannot
r-c-rylbiy is JcaUc* tn its immense re«ocrces.
ard without ir^sl^railon the Commonwealth
wLU becooe a r!=i=ter attraction to ether parts
cf the wcrid. Only Er. tain's might will keep
us ea:e in the tursuan<-« of a snicidal dog-tn
tie-mar.ger policy. Truisms like th:a are Jos
tled by erery demenstratien ot the folly ct
ifr«-.sIit:oE aios? the lines c; the tmnjl^ratlca
*n<i restriction act; a=4 recent ad3;:nistratloa
w^ti respect to Itaiizss In Western . Australia
rm-hasl*es tt* scrry ad»ertiser:«Et we have
a'.r-a'iy" r-»^iT»tf as a. people determined ta
* COUNCIL FOR DEFENSE.
When the question came before the
Senate last year Senator Dawjon was
strongly opposed to a proposal to es
tablish an Australian Council of De
fense. Since then, however, the Minis
ter for Defense has changed his mind.
He states now that he is favorable to
the establishment of a council, although
he had not yet reached any definite de
cision on the matter.
A statement prepared at the Instance
of the Postmaster General shows the
weights of the mail matter dispatched
from the several States in 1302 by the
ocean mail service, with the proportion
of subsidy. It la as follows:
International correspondence dis
patched:
It Is beccmisc clearer month by month aa
the artltraticn court extends Its jurisprudence
that the employer of lahcr ts nobody In par
ticular. He may fancy that, as the owner cf
mach machinery and the Investor of a great
deal ot capital, he has Tertaln freedom and
some rigtta and privileges. A particular ma
chin*. for Instance, may be Intended to do a
stateii quantity of work, and on buying It he
may assume that he wtU be entitled to say at
what sp**d It shall run and how many men
shall lock after It.
But this ts all a myth IT we may believe Mr.
Jostle* Cchen. The employer Is practically the
humble servant of the emplaye — with the Arbi
tration Court as timekeeper. Mr. Justice Co
hen remarited yesterday. In reply to Dr. Cul
l^n. who protested against an employer beimr
forced to employ mere men T*»n he required
on any machine, that It was all a mistake to
suppose that there could be freedom la the
mattpr. The Industrial history cf the last half
csntsry had altogether nesaxired th« conten
tion that employers could control thelj business
as they liied. "In all parts of the world
unions of employes force-l the employers into
ail sorts cf agreements ...•< to conditions of la
bor." That wan held to settle the matter. Be
cause the uniona have been aWe to follcw a
certain coarse durtsff the last fifty y»ars It
must be quite r-.ght, and noboiy Is to utter a
word. That Is t-j say. might is risht. and Mr.
Justice Coii-*n is i^.. rb:-i to advertise hlm.»»lf
as th* humble servant of miirht. On the same
principl* 't may happen that picketicc — per
sua?iv» picSceting wtta revolvers and bludgwjnsi
— will be declared right during; th# nt?« hjjf
century; and. finally. th» man with a pound
in his pocket will be declared aa enemy of the
State. It is auiTe eipiif-abie, cf course, now
that ••Socialism tn Our Time" Is the labor bat
tie cry. and "Down With the Capitalist" a
peed Trades Hal: ga«. The employer must
just a<-cept the situation with the best grace
h» is capable cf. z.-.<X Trhen the Arbitration
Ojurt declares that he has no rcshts whatever
he will understand that that is the law of in
dustry tn this unfortunate state. If te elects
ta withdraw from or not to enter .a taisixy
here, who shall biame him?
Their Excellencies the Governor Gen
eral and Lady Nor thcote entertained at
dinner en Saturday evening. May 14.
his Excellency the State Governor.
Lady Rawson and Hiss Rawson, Sir
Frederick Darler. Lady Darley and
Hiss Darley. Lady Barton, B. R. "Wise
and Mrs. Wise, Sir N'ormand MacLaurin
and Lady MacLaurin. the Lord Mayor
(Alderman S. E. Le<»s) and the Lady
Mayoress, Lord Monk Bretton, Briga
dier General Finn and Miss Finn and
Captain Wilson. A. D. C.
The Prime Minister. Mr. "Watson, was
entertained by the Governor General at
lunch on Saturday, May 14, at Govern
ment House, Melbourne.
Large numbers of persons are prepar
ing to visit the World's Fair at St.
Louis.
The customs station at Botany -was
to be closed after May 3L
It has been discovered that the nine
Chinese who were refused a landing
from the Chingtu and were afterward
brought ashore by order of the South
Australian Premier are holders of
fraudulent certificates.
On comparing the certificates with
duplicates held by the c_3torns It was
found that in every case different pho
tos and different thumb impressions
were affixed to the originals.
The Pacific Coal Company has issued
an ultimatum to its striking' miners,
stating that if they do not accept the
terms offered they will never be re-en- 1
gaged.
Th- State Cabinet has decided to. call
for tenders of 30.000 tons of steel and
iron for the Railway Commissioners.
The contract will supply the Commis
sioners for five years, and involves an
estimated expenditure of £300,000.
The Queensland Premier stated re
cently tffS^the Government had spent
more than £1.250,000 in fighting the rab
bit pest without success.
RIGHTS OF EMPLOYERS.
Commenting on the results of the
workings cf the arbitration court, the
Sydney Herald, under the heading- The
Unfortunate Employer," says:
&-.=:e <^jutt has arisen as to whether the
rj<?«5y seleruca cf a site irlght cot be deferred
by a coalition with Vlctonan numbers who
ar* c^prju^l to the propceiL Sir John Forrest
fc.i« co apprehensions 03 Ih'.n ?rcre. "It '.a ad
visable and almost imperative." ne remarked
resteriar. 'that ti.e site for the future cs.pttj.1
should be fixed as soon as pcssibl". I tio net
thlrJs, however, that any r»al injury has been
suffer?-! fcy the d*iav. because the various sites
hsye bf»n mere can-fuilr lock^l at. and a bet
ter result will probably be attained. I fear
there is a fe-?i!=* that the site should be s«
l»t-ied so as to b* an .;U'. ar.r.i?- to either
S~<In*7 or .Melbourne, and If such a feeling
does exist It Is to be much r^gref%ed. What Is
necessary Is that the very best site nnder th»
t»m:s of the constlntlcn shall be selected, and
i; rach. a slta Is aratlatl*. so as to be con
venient to both the er^at cities of Sydney acd
Melbourne, it Is a thine mueb to be desired.
Eat acy ld»a. that the site should be suitaJjls
for Melbourne cr Sydney, and net for tie
other*, cuffht really to be excluded from con
aiieratlca In such an lmpcrtant national mat
ter.
."I beware that It wUl be cow easier fcr
ne=:b»rs to c»cr.e to a t icislcn a* to th« best
elte. a* they possess *u" knowledge of the
ccndlticns cf each. T th^ll have no hesitation,
when I tsally report upon Lyndhurrt In mak:-.<
a *trcns reccmmendatv«a In favor of the. site
wnleh I cocssder the best of any I have ex
amined."
Aa official report shows that only 31 Italians
«M 123 Anstriaas are ersplcywl ca tha East
Ctoiff.vrille aad Kalgcorlie goliiielia.
Mr. Watsoo. raJd his experience of Italians
ta K»w South "Wales was that they made rood
colonists, and had always stood up for fair
tnai en rrAni-ng fields.
Earlr action is expected on the Fed
eral capital site. Qt the various places
proposed Lyndhurst now seems to have
the lead.
Sir John Forrest, late Home Minister,
who has -given much time to the exam
ination of various sites, will submit the
results to his successor. In. an interview
recently he said:
FEDERAL CAPITAL.
prcacuU er frtcfcten eS trespassers, -whtttre
tt«T be Briton* or other vblt* folk.
A Customs official ax Fres&at:* (s ta bt
tcli oS to rtr% special attention to Iriitan im
migrant* la orifr to prevent them esterta*
Avatnlla, uaCer contract to labor.
UNION TALKS OF COST
PHYSICIANS AT HAND
United States Cruiser Boston, When Twenty-Five Miles South of Golden
rGate, Sends Communication to Station at Yerba Buena Announc
ing Her Approach to Harbor by Means of the Slaby-Arcb System
Southern Pacific Freight
Handlers Are Given Holi
day Until This Morning
Firemen Subdne a Tierce
Blaze. Though Kepeatedly
Driven Back by Smoke
Arbitration and Federal Capital Bills Foremost
in the List — Coalition Formed Between the
Ministerial and the Labor Party Leaders
WILL RESUME
LABOR TO-DAT
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY CONTINUES
TO PROVE ITS PRACTICAL VALUE
PROGRAMME OF NEW AUSTRALIAN
MINISTER IS FULLY OUTLINED
FACE FLAMES
LIKE HEROES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1904.
3
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
praner'S VVonderfal Medicine,
or your coney returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of HaJpruner Medical Mfg. Co..
2S California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. rru
CM Q B B* Gcsa. Asasr'..
,*¦ I * \ 3 f I tioc. Flitinx- aad Out^:g
ii I |4{§M >}.r-£3. Tt.'J *S.C CCZ.1 to
i^SSiJ Bent. CATaIjOG FP.ZE.
Si 1 It C 1 EEEETE & BXBEZa CO.
¦ ¦ " " " " 739 Market at.
121 Kezr=r it.. S. F.
It h no small comfort tc
hax*e Schilling's Best oa cal: :
at your grocer's ; a pity one
can't get every thing-such anc
AD VESTXSEiTZjSTS.
/ftl^ffi^S-. ™^ e * mr Clothes t©
Order— Prices * 1 0 to $ 35
?|L (iliffii .^l^^^^^^^^S For tsn years we have been remind - n 2 the public of San
3 Francisco that we give more clothes- value for the money than
-^^^^^t^^^^^^^^^St \ an >* other tailor on this coast. v
X 'yP^s '(-¦ ' r^% Could we have grown in ten years to the largest outfitting
*\1 4 V^'^^^^^fe^tt^^^^ stors west °* : h ' C3 o° if tne su^ ts were not every bit as good
viP'V^s£g^- - "-• Jsjiilffflp^^B : - Would our customers continue to come here for their
• {fejJK f^S^®*S^^^^^S^^Si clothes year after year if we did not give them full value for
i'r > i • ? ur c - ot^ es 00 - < » f& anc^ wear t0 *-^ e customer's entire
/^^r$r > $S^H^^^H^B satisfaction, We guarantee that the garments will please in
S'-'^fC^^^^^^^^^^^S every way. Any customer not thoroughly satisfied can have
jJhJfi^ \ I -^^^^^B^@ - 1 - 5 mone y back. AH our patrons are entitled to repairing, spong-
///f;! v I I^^^^^^^K ing and pressing free of charge. . %
4\Y / i I T ' ne man who or ders his suit here will get full value for
X 'C^^Cffl i$^^0 : '^^^0' iS money and incidentally save $5 or $10 on his purchase.
/ We make suits to order from 10 to 35 '
Jl j \ \ W^^R K l^^^fe Suits satisfactorily made io order for out-of-town customers.
X . / 1 XVfe^^^M^.-^^^*^-^ 1 Write for self-measuring blank and samples.
<ZzSBz^=^p$&£rJi!L Sketched froa Eta JL ff . m^^ afP^--
Cor. Powell and Eddy StreetsOAKLAND, June 12.— Robert Payne
was struck by an electric car on San"
Pablo avenue near Sycamore street
this morning at 1 o'clock and died
six hours later at the Receiving Hos
pital from the injuries sustained. His
right arm and leg were broken, several
ribs fractured and his lungs punctured.
Payne lived with his wife and son,
Robert Payne Jr., at 1577 Broadway,
and. was employed by Hlllehouse &
Reardon, street contractors. He went
to work as usual yesterday arid when
he did mrt return home last night his
wife and. son became somewhat alarm
ed, but made no search for.hjm until
this morning. .'They have. not learned
where he spent the time after hls : day's
work was done until he met with the
injuries that caused his death.
Payne was a native of Palmer, 111.,
where his father still resides. He had
been in California but a ' year. Be
sides- his widow and son the deceased
leaves a daughter, Mrs.' James L. Ro
han of 361 Thirteenth street, this city.
Coroner H. B, Mehrmann will hold an
inquest in the case. ' -i '¦•*
It is thought that Payne attempted to
cross in front of the car and that he
was hot observed by . the motorman
until it was too late to prevent him
from being knocked down and run
over. . ; .
OAKLAND MAN WHO MET TRAGIC
. DEATH YESTERDAY UNDER THE
WHEELS OF AN ELECTRIC CAR.
OAKLAND, June \ 12. — Attorney
Fred L. Button received a letter to
day from his stepdaughter, - Mrs.
N'cholas Luning, and her husband an
nouncing their recent ' secret marriage
in. .Sacramento ' and stating that the
young couple intended to leave Sacra
mento for the southern . part of the
State- at once. The, communication
gave no further hint of where the new
ly married pair, intended to spend their
honeymoon nor did. it state when they
would return. .-• -,, . . . -.:
Lmiinirs ' Write : Home.
PROMINENT LUMBER MAN
i ENDS LIFE. AT DETROIT
DETROIT, June 12.— William A. C.
Miller, a .prominent j lumber man' of
this city, committed suicide by.shoot
ing to-day. , Ill-health, is supposed to
have been the cause. He was a native
of. Scotland and was 57 years of age.
Retired Captain Dies.
OAKLAND, June 12. — Captain Ru
fus White GIfford, a retired sea cap
tain, died at his home, 1062 Sixtieth
street, in Golden Gate, «this morning
from the effects of a stroke of paraly
sis that occurred about a year ago.
Captain Glfford was well known In
Golden Gate, where he had taken a
prominent part In politics and the af
fairs of the district. He. was born In
New Bedford, Mass., and sailed out
of that port for many years. He was
a member. of the Masonic lodge of
that city and will . be burled by the
Masons o* Oakland. He leaves a wife
and two sons. , . " • " •
Notice. — Our name is not in the tele
phone book. When.you, want Bekln'i
Van and Storage Company, call for Main
285. 1016 Broadway. . . •¦
-. A. soft. snap .has a. hard catch in it
somewhere. ;
OAKLAND, June 12.— Satro Park,
near Frultvale, was. the scene to-day
of the annual picnic of the German
Ladles' Benevolent Society of the Red
Cross of San Francisco. There was a
large attendance and the merrymakers
enjoyed themselves until late in the
evening. Colonel Frank Lynch, pro
prietor of Satro Park, assisted the sev
eral committees In arranging and con
ducting: -the' the programme of ath
letic games during the afternoon.
The offlcers«of the society are: Pres
ident, Mrs. Bartell; vice president,
Mrs. Wreden; , secretary, Mrs.. Dorn
busch; treasurer, Mrs. Donloug.
German Ladies' Aid Outing at Satro
Park Draws Lnrge Crowd of
' Merrymnkcrs. «
OAKLAND, June 12.— A gang of
burglars started to clean out 'West
Oakland to-night. The men first
visited the Chicago market, at the
corner of Sixteenth and Peralta streets.
The cash register was broken open
and about $50 taken. .The ne.xt» visit
was made to the residence. of, George
Algro at 1301 Peralta street, about a
block away from the first. place place
entered;" Mr."Algrb : was awny and no
one was at home but his 12-year-old
daughter. She saw the men at work
and called a policeman. The < men
escaped . after ransacking the house
and taking- a small sum of money.
Burglars 'Visit Oakland.
BENEVOLENT SOCIETY
HOLDS ANNUAL PICNIC
OAKLAND, June 12.— Mrs. Jennie
C. Mitchell, a widow, 52 years of age.
and until recently a resident of San
Francisco, died * alone to-day, in the
little house in. the rear of 819 Market
street from causes that, while prob
ably natural, required that the case be
referred to the Coroner. Last night
she came home, cheerful and In ap
parently good health. This morning
her neighbor, Mrs. Laura Tyler, was
attracted by a rapping upon the wall
of the house. She replied and found
Mrs. Mitchell In great pain. Dr. Strat
ton was called, but she was already
dead and the case was turned over to
Coroner Mehrmann. She leaves a son.
Joseph Mitchell, of Suisun, and a
brother, Mr. Schre,Iber. of Berkeley.
Woman Dies .lone.
OAKLAND, June 12.— Chester J. Wil
son, the talented young newspaper
artist whose portrait and cartoon work
has merited high commendation from
the critical, will depart during the
coming week for New York, where he
soes to further perfect himself in his
chosen profession and to illustrate
several stories now awaiting publica
tion. Wilson's drawing Is distinguish
ed by a marked originality. He plans
to devote most at his study and work
to caricatures.
Artist C. J. Wilson to Go East.^
Only a dead honor needs pride to pre
werve It.
3IOTIIER AND LITTLE
¦••;:; ' ONES IN A RUNAWAY
3Irs.. J. A. Johnson and Three Chil
dren Have Narrow Escape From
Serious Jnjurj\
OAKLANp, June 12. — Mrs. J. A.
Johnson of 524 East Twenty- third
street and " her three children were
thrown out of a surrey at Tenth ave
nue and East Fpurteenth street this
afternoon at 3 o'clock and all were
badly shaken up, but luckily escaped
with minor bruises. The one to sus
tain the most serious injury was Mrs.
Johnson's 8 months old infant, which
received a serious abrasion of the fore
head.
The accident was caused through
the breaking of the harness,- which
caused the horse attached to J the
vehicle to .bolt and upset the surrey.
After the surrey turned over Mrs.
Johnson and her little ones were as
sisted by witnesses of the accident and
attended by Dr. W. J. Wllcox.
OAKLAND, June 12.— Company VA*'
Veteran Reserves, N. G. C, will go into
camp at Petaluma on June 15 for. one
week. WhJie In •: camp the ?company
will be inspected by Governor* Pardee
and Adjutant General Lauck and his
staff."- ' ...' . ' ' . " ¦ v
Veteran Reserves Will Camp.
• BERKELEY, June 12.— In a bul
letin just issued under the title of
"Artificial Parthenogenesis and Reg
ular Segmentation' in an Annelid,"
Professor Georges Bullot, one of Dr.
Jacques Loeb's assistants in the physi
ological laboratory at the University of
California, has demonstrated that in
the annelid, a, marine worm of the
genus i Ophelia, the parthenogenetic
larvae, that is. the larvae produced by
artificial treatment of the element In
which the animal lives, originates from
regularly segmenting, eggs.
Heretofore there was doubt upon
this question and some scientists be
lieved,,that in annelids the partheno
genetic larvae was produced from un
segmented eggs, that Is, eggs that re
tained their original shape instead of
dividing into cells. .
PROVES LARVAE COME
FROM SEGMENTED EGGS
--¦* - - ¦ •—'
Professor Georecs Bullot of Unlver-
Bfty of California Settles Ques
tion That Vexed Scientists.
Pete Sloan and Dave McLaughlin
will head the clown division and Judge
A. F. St. Sure of Alameda' Is billed to
lead a number of Elks from the Island
City that have made themselves fam
ous by reason of the ability they have
displayed in past entertainments given
here and in their own town. Tickets
for the big show are selling rapidly
and a great house is assured when the
curtain rolls up Tuesday night.
OAKLAND, June 12.— -Fun, frolic
and fine fellows will hold the boards
at the Macdonough Theater Tuesday
night, when the Oakland Lodge of
Elks will present its mammoth bur
lesque performance, the proceeds of
which are to be applied to the widows'
and orphans' fund of the organization.
Some of the rarest and moat comical
of rational animals to be found at
large will be exhibited at the indoor
circus and have been trained to the
minute in the art of laugh manufac
turing.
Wonderful Array of Comical Rational
Animals Will Be Seen at Great
Indoor Circus.
ELKS' BIG BURLESQUE ;'.: :
AT THE MACDONOUGH
The principal services were held this
afternoon at Mountain View Cemetery,
where the officers of Oakland and
Athens' camps held ritualistic cere
monies and unveiled the monuments
which had been erected during the
year. Seventy-five members of Oak
hind Camp attended the services at the
cemetery, where the monuments over
the graves of W. L. Temple, William
Halloran and William S. Bosman were
( unveiled.
The officers ef the camp: who con
ducted the ceremonies were. Consul
Commander Dr. Le Roy Patery, Ad
visory Lieutenant 'Dr. 1 H. J. Lackey
and Clerk Thomas M. Robinson. W.
L. Bolt acted as banker. , The mem
orial, address at the graves was de
livered, by County Superintendent of
Schools T. L. Crawford and ' Mark
Thomas read the famous poem "O,
Why Should , the Spirit of Mortal Be
Proud." ' , Mr; Thomas also delivered
a brief address 'at the grave of W. S.
Bosman. i Several • selections were
rendered by a quartet under the direc
tion of R. C. Kerns. Miss S. Moore
was accompanist. The committee of
Oakland Camp in "'charge of the
memorial day service and the decora
tion of • the graves was composed of
Dr. J. Perves, J. T. Williams and W.
Letter.
Fifty members of Athens Camp at
tended the services at the cemetery,
which were held at the grave of W.
P. Hawkett, where a monument was
unveiled with the usual ritualistic cere
mony. .The service was conducted by
the officers of Athens Camp, who are:
W. H. Ramsay, consul commander;
F. A. Lorlng, advisor lieutenant, Ai
G. Taft banker.? G. H. von Werger
acted as master of ceremonies. ' ?
The members of Oakland Camp No.
94 and Athens Camp No. 457, Woodmen
of the World, held memorial services
te-day in honor of their neighbors who
have passed away during the past
year. The morning services were held
at the First Presbyterian Church,
where the Woodmen were addressed
by the Rev. E. E. Baker. Dr. Baker
spoke of the duty that the surviving
neighbors owe to those who have
passed away, and said that the yearly
memorial day was one of the most
beautiful of the institutions of frater
nal organizations.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 12.
ALAMEDA, June 12. — Concerted ef
forts are being made by the West End
Improvement Association and the Ala
meda Advancement Association to in
augurate a movement having for its
purpose the purchase of a tract of land
to be cc-nverted by the municipality
into a public park. The matter has
been introduced and discussed at re
cent meetings of both organizations
and it is planned to soon bring the pro
ject to the attention of the City Trus
tees.
At present Alameda has but one park
and that* is hardly entitled to the name
because of its small area.. There are
but "few tracts of land' nOw undivided
in the city from which a park could be
made and this is being urged as a rea
son by the promoters of the project
why. there should be < no. delay, in .buy
ing a site, for a common outings-ground.'
Of the tracts that have received at
tention the Cohen property at the
northeastern end of "the municipality
is the largest, containing nearly one
hundred acres. It borders on the tidal
canal and is ornamented with many
stately oaks and other. ¦ trees. The
Thompson property at the East End.
the Waymire tract at the. porner of
Clement avenue a"n'd Walnut street, the
Webster street cricket.'grounds and the
old Encinal Park property have also
been' inspected and consldered'.by those
favoring the buying of a park site. -
Members of Oakland and
Athens Camps Hold Me
morial Day Ceremonies
Improvement Associations
Will Urge City Trustees
to Buy a Suitable Tract
Extensive improvements are to be
made at the park and for this purpose
the directors have levied an assessment
of $5 a share, payable immediately at
the office.
OAKLAND. June 12.— Idora Park is
to have a new manager in the person
of R. Whitehead, who was elected to
the important position at a meeting
of the stockholders of the Idera Park
Amusement Company last week.
Whitehead is an experienced man in
securing and presenting amusements
end the patrons of the park may count
on many attractions at the popular
resort.
Directors have be»n chosen by the
Idora Park Company as follc-ws M. H.
Diepenbrock. president: J. L. Callag
han, vice-president; BJ Whitehead. sec
rotary, treasurer and manager; Edgar
Strakosch and Charles O. Tanquary.
Directors Choose R. Whitehead to Se
cure and Put on Amusements at
Poptilar Resort.
I DORA PARK COMPANY
ELECTS NEW MANAGER
WOODMEN HONOR
DEAD NEIGHBORS
ALAMED A WANTS
ANOTHER PARK
James Hopper, the California magazine
writer, who has been with McClure's for a
year, has returned to the coast. He proposes
for awhile to devote himself exclusively to his
literary work.
BERKELEY, June 12. — A bureau Intended
to aid scholars and students from abroad and
to facilitate their researches In whatever field
has just been created at the Sarbonne, France.
It Is under the patronage of the University of
Paris, which has Informed this university' of
its advantages. It will be a source of Infor
mation concerning courses, lectures, libraries,
schools, museums and the like, about which a
stranger visiting Paris and wishing to come
in touch with Its scientific, or literary re
source* might desire practical and prompt in
formation. A feature of the bureau Is that it
Is equipped with information in regard to the
unlvemities In other lands in order that stran
gers visiting Paris may learn of the facilities
in their special fields in other countries.
The University of California will be visited
in the fall by three eminent German scholars,
who will each deliver a course of lectures.
These men are Professor F. Kluge of the Uni
versity of Freiberg, Professor H. Paul of the
University of Munich and Professor Erlck
Schmidt of Berlin. The two first named an
among the world's authorities In philology and
the last one of Germany's most noted literary
men.
UNIVERSMY EVENTS
The Polytechnic High School will
hold its closing on Thursday
evening. Z*J.'\
March. Oakland High School orchestra, un
der the leadership of Miss Mtna Clark; Invo
cation. Kev. Owen E. Hotle Of Eighth-avenue
M. E. Church: instrumental solo, "Polish
Dance" (Zech). "The Nightingale" (Ltsxt),
Miss Mabel I. Sherburne,:. introductory- re
marks, J. H. Pond, principal of the Oakland
Hirh School; selections. Girts* Glee Ciub of
Oakland High School; address. Rev. H. J.
Vopburgh of the First *3aptlst Church; presen
tation of diplomas. Dr. "\V. J. Wllcox, presi
dent of tlie Board of Education.
Music will be rendered by the Oak
land High School orchestra and the
following young men will act as ush
ers : »
Mart Quayle, Warren Harold, John Urit
ton Jr.. Ilichard Belcher, Russell Countryman,
Sam Taylor. Sydney Livingston, Hubert
Walker. Curtiss Haydt-n, Louis Ghlrardelll,
Andrew Bennison, Philip Langan.
The commencement exercises of the
Oakland High School will take place
Friday evening at the common school
assembly hall and the following pro
gramme will be given: :--'¦'
Mrs. Hardcastle. Miss Mamie Stroud: Miss
Hardcastle, Miss Marion Seybolt: Miss Neville.
Miss E5to Dunbar; maid. Mis* Stephanl
Guard: Mr. Hardcastle, Frank Kelley; Mr.
Marlow, Edwin L'mphred; Tony Lumpkin,
Gt-oree Easchus: Mr. Hastings, Verlne t-hee
han; servants — Diggory. Earnest Smith; Jer
emy, Allen Howard; Roger. Jenneth McKIm. •
OAKLAND, June 12.— All of the
public schools will close for the sum
mer vacation next Thursday and will
reopen on the second Monday in Au
gust. On Thursday evening the grad
uating class of the Oakland High
School will present the comedy "She
Stoops to Conquer," in the Macdon
ough Theater. The cast of characters
in the play follows:
Oakland Students to Present Comedy
at the Mucdonough and Hold
Final Exercises.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS WILL.
CIA)SI-: FOR VACATION
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
SATURDAY, JUNE 11.
Martha Eugenia Cohen (widow) to Hardy C.
Hutchlnsen, lot on E line of Shattuck avenue.
160.3 N of Alcatraz avenue, N 40.08. 118.07. S
40. W 118.52. portion of Vicente Peraita Re
lerve, Oakland; $10.
H. J. and &usie IX. Anderson to Llszie G.
Newport, lot on SW corner of Brush and
Fourth streets, S 50 by W 75. lota IS and 16,
block 1UU, Kellersberger*a map. Oakland; $Io.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Luther Q.
Norria, K 4<> feet of lot 21, map Boulevard
Terrace, East Oakland; $10.
J. A. and Emily V. Marshall to Charles E.
McLaughiin, lut on NW corner of Ward street
and Telegraph avenue, W 04:7. N 00, E 100:1.
S 51:11, lot 1, block N. Leonard Tract, war
ranty deed, Berkeley; $1CO.
Mary C and James L. Barker (husband and
as attorney) to Frank H. Mason, lot on H lin<*
of College avenue, distant southerly 64 feet, S
50 by E 120, lot 7. block A. University Villa.
Tract as recorded, Berkeley; $100.
Cosmos Land and Water Company to Wat
lace M. Hussey. lots 23, »}. 27 and 30. block
3. map showing property and location of
Spaulding Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Kate A. and S. I). Wood to Emma M. "Wil
liams, lot on E line of Utllegass avenue. 50 3
of Derby street. S 50 by E IV*. lot 23. block.
B, Berry-Bangs Tract, Berkeley; $10.
W. S and Marion P. Watson to Mary R-
Clark (wife of J. R-), lot on N line of Haight
avenue. 211 E of Its intersection with line
dividing Chlprnan west Ill-acre tract and
Aughlnbaugh 223-acre tract. E 45:3 by N 111>.
belr.g portion of said last named tract, Ala
meda: $10.
Laura T. Spohn (Young) to Charles Spohn.
lot on W line of St. Charles street, 2T5 S of
Railroad avejiue. S 50 by W 113:2. lot 51.
Enctnal Park Tract, Alameda; gift.
Charles G. arid Laura Powell to Roy V.
Powell, undivided one-half interest in !»t on
W line of Oak street. 800 S of Clinton avenue.
8 72 to Patent Line Peralta rancho. on Bay of
San Francisco. SW to E line of Laurel If ex
tended K 80, etc., E 130. S 12O. E 130 to be
ginning, lot 30 and portion of 39, block A.
Bellevue Tract, Alameda: $10.
Anna II. B . Kinney (Brustgruen, wife of
Mark H.) to George W. Austin, lot on N line
of Prospect avenue, 1132 E of Telegraph ave
r.ue (as on May 22). 68 N. 275 E. 143.77 S.
2S4 W to beginning, lot 34 and fraction of lot
3«, property Oakland Homestead Association.
Oakland: $10.
Robert and Katherine S. Irvine to Kathryn
Kergan (wife of W. W.). lot on line beginning
at point on boulevard 225 NE from NE ltn«»
of Ea3t Twelfth street, thence SE 14S.BO. SW
7. NW 14C.HO to beglnnirtg. being portion of lot
20. block 152. map property Alameda County
Land Company. East Oakland: $10.
John Henry and Luella Lang* to Frederick
W. Lange. lot on SE line of Nineteenth ave
nue. 35 SW of East Twenty-sixth street, SW
23 by SE 117:6, portion lots 1 to 5. block St.
map Northern Addition to Brooklyn, East Oak
land: $10.
John and Jessie Geddea to W. G. Mortimer.
lot 10 block 11, Daley'a Scenic Park. Berke
ley: $10.
C. R. and Lucia A. Lord to Frank B. Kelsey.
lot on N line of Addiaon street. 230 W of Its
Intersection with center line of Sherman (now
called Grove) street. W W by N 13S. portion
Range 2. Hardy Tract. Berkeley: $10.
A. A. and Lillian d'Ancona to John and
Lydla Davis. Robert and Ella Davis, lot on
W line of Hlllegass avenue. 20O S of Webster
street. S 80 by W 120, lots 2fi and 27. block
C, map No. 2. Bateman Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Evelyn E. Lesser (single) to same, lot on
E line of Bateman street. 200 S of Webster.
S 80 by E 100. lots 6 and 7. block, C. same.
Berkeley: $10.
Mary Crooke McCIeave (widow) to Helen A.
Chase (widow), lot on E line of Walnut street,
120 S of Vine, S 40 by E 134:7. lot 5 and poa
tlon of lot 6, block 6, resubdlvlsion portion
plat T. M. Antisell's map Villa Lots, Berke
ley; $10.
Delia J. F. Wood (executrix estate William
E. Brown) to James Fowler, all Interest in lot
on 8 line of Santa Clara avenue. 300 W of Oafc
street. W 50 by 8 217 :S. lot 16. block 36, lands
adjacent to Encinal. Alameda; $1560.
Whist Tourney and Ball.
OAKLAND. June 12. — Unity Chap
ter No. 65, Order of the Eastern Star,
will hold a whist tournament and ball
in Alcatrax Hall on Peralta street
Tuesday evening. The double event
will begin at 8:30 o'clock and will be
managed by Mrs. Marie Barnum, con
ductress of Unity Chapter, and the fol
lowing: * r
Reception committee — Minnie Hartman. May
Hawkett. Lulu Anderson. Maud Thompson.
Lulu Neat and Mrs. Bl&nehard.
Scorer" — Minnie Crosaman. T1I11« Hartman,
Helen Etfwarda. Alice Douirla?s. Mary Mc-
Gulre, Ida McGulre. Alma Porter. Sadie Rwil
Map-Rle Schwartz. Olive Hoyt. Ma \Vat»on.
TUMe Payne Louise Thomas and Clara Chase.
Floor managers — Harry Adam. James Tay
lor. Frank Douglass and James Van Hovenbur*.
Door committee — Henry Schwarta. Mr. Por
ter -Norman Hall. Cyrus Blanchard.
Refreshment booth — Mesdamcs Bishop, Holt.
Glmes and Harlow.
Passing of Dr. A. J. Howe.
ALAMEDA, June 12. — Dr. Alvln J.
Howe died to-day at hi3 home. 2020
Clinton avenue, after an illness of sev
eral years, from Bright's disease. .He
was a native of Vermont, aged 55
years, the father of Mrs. Roscoe Earl
Whlttel of Santa Ana. Mrs. Charles D.
Huff of Los Angeles and brother of
Dr. Fred Howe of Chicago.
Some t>art of the money needed will
come from the members of the settle
ment themselves. A fee of 10 cents a
month has heretofore been charged the
children, but this may be raised to 25
cents, so that the settlement will be in
a measure self-supporting. In the past
the money received from fees^ was used
for monthly entertainments, e
There were 200 children connected
with the. settlement, and during the
college year forty students from the
University of California gave them in
struction without cost. The Influence of
the settlement for good cannot be esti
mated, and it has had a special value
in preparing and disciplining the chil
dren for the public schools in the dis
trict. Instruction was given the chil
dren in all the arts and crafts. The In
struction helped to bring out the
artistic side of their natures, as well as
to give them a preliminary training in
the practice of useful employments. A
gathering . place was provided for the
children, and mothers overburdened
with household duties. kpew of a place
of safe-keeping for them. In a word,
the settlement was a blessing to West
Berkeley families, and its ennobling in
fluence will be greatly missed unless the
movement to endow it with new life is
successful.
A movement has been started .to se
cure funds with which to continue the
work of the West Berkeley Social Set
tlement, from which Mrs. Phoebe A.
Hearst " withdrew a large part of her
support a week ago. Hart Greensfelder,
one of the resident workers at the set
tlement, is at the head of the effort,
and he has been promised the support
of a. number of well-to-do people.
It is estimated that it will cost $2500
a year to keep the work of .the settle
ment going. This will pay the salaries
of two or three people and purchase the
material used by the children. There
will be nothing to pay on account of
the buildings, as Mrs. Hearst has gen
erously turned these over to the people
In charge of them. Mrs. Hearst has
also said that she would contribute the
salary of the head resident worker,
Miss Margaret Sherwood, for a year,
besides paying all the necessary ex
penses incidental to the transfer of the
property, so that the people interested
in the settlement will be relieved of a
large part of the financial burden for
a while at least.
In order to secure the necessary money
it is proposed to make a systematic
canvass. Promises of money have al
ready ' been secured by Mr. Greens
felder from friends of the settlement*
and many' people are expected to con
tribute regular monthly sums to the
cause. If necessary the services of
well-known lecturers will be secured
and the proceeds from their efforts
turned over to the fund. . •¦>•
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
' 2148 Center Street, June 12.
Miss Conners, who Is a beautiful
blonde, gave her age as twenty-two and
said that she was a native of San
Francisco; but that she had no rela
tives living there now. The young
woman did not exhibit any indications
of a disordered mind until the train
pulled into' the mole. Before leaving
her car she attracted the attention of
the other passengers by declaring that
she was being pursued by Colorado
strikers. An officer was summoned
and ordered that Miss Conners be taken
to the Receiving Hospital, which was
done by Brakeman W. J. O'Neill of
the Southern Pacific Company. Prior
to being removed from the train the
yc-ung woman was presented with a
purse that had been raised among her
fellow passengers, who took pity on her
plight. •- : --'i~
Miss Conners probably will be ex
amined to-morrow morning and if she
la not held the Southern Pacific man
agement here has guaranteed that she
will be taken to her destination, al
though her ticket for Los Angeles ex
pires to-night. When questioned at the
Receiving Hospital as to how long 6he
had beon in Cripple Creek and what she
was doing- there, the young woman
made no answer. She likewise refused
to state if she had any relatives or
friends in Los Angeles.
Imagining that strikers were follow
ing her. and- .trying to blow her up
with giant powder. Miss Fannie Con
r.ers. bound from Cripple Creek to Los
Angeles, was taken from a Southern
Pacific train upon its arrival at the
mole to-day and conveyed to the Re
ceiving Hospital, there to await an ex
amination as to her sanity, if her con
dition does not improve.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 12.
The interef-ts of the Republican party are
paramount to any personal Interests or de
sires, and I will support Mr. Ella for the posi
tion he neeks. G. E. MILXES.
Further. I desire to etate that under no cir
cumstances will 1 be t candidate for the As
sembly before the Republican county conven
tion. Mr. E!1f has served with credit and dis
tinction, not only to himself, but the people he
represents, and as the people of Richmond
claim Mr. Ells as their representative they
should have him.
It is my firm opinion that each section of
the county is entitled to recognition, and if the
people of the western end want Mr. Ells, their
request should be granted by the Republicans.
The best interest of the party should always be
looked at; this is the only way these matters
should be considered.
Sinc« then the peojil* of the western end of
the county, including the towns of Richmond
and Stege. have asked that Mr. Ells make an
other run and serve a second term in the As
sembly, believing that he will be of still
greater value to the people of the county in
his eecond term than in the first. It is gener
ally conceded by every one that a member of
the State legislature increases in value to his
constituents ty each additional term he serves.
Some few months ago my name was being
talked by friends &e a candidate for the As
t;emb!y. A number of them came to me and
urged that I enter the contest, at that time
there being no other aspirant for the position.
I informed them that I would censider the
matter, but at no time did I agree to become
an active candidate. - » •
Mr. Ells comes from Stege, which is
the first town over the Alameda Coun
ty line, and therefore is the very last
town in the extreme southwestern part
of the county. He defeated William F.
Beldlng of San Pablo, the Democratic
nominee, two years ago by a majority
of 67S votes. Mr. Milnes is the editor
and proprietor of the Contra Costa
Gazette, published at Martinez, the
county seat, and one of the influential
Interior papers of the State. He also
owns the Point Richmond Leader, a
morning daily in the thriving terminus
town. He has always been a stanch
Republican, and has done much to keep
Contra Costa County in the Republi
can line when it threatened to break
away over Union Laborism.
And bo it happened that many Re
publicans thought that Mr. Milnes
should be rewarded with a nomination
for the Assembly. He never said that
he wanted to be a candidate, but while
he waited his friends worked up quite
a boom for him. Then Harry Ells
came out flatly and announced his can
didacy for a second term, and for a
while it looked as if there might be a
fight in the Republican party of that
section that would rend the organiza
tion. Mr. Milnes has settled the whole
thing with a statement as follows:
The political troubles that have
threatened to rend the Republican
party In Contra Costa County have all
been settled, and peace and harmony
reign. It all grew out of a possible
rivalry for the Republican nomination
for the Assembly between Harry Ells.
the present Assemblyman from that
county, and G. E. Milnes. Mr. Milnes
has come out in a signed statement in
his own papers and announces, in a
straightforward way, that he will not
be a candidate for the place, but will
support Mr. Ells.
Contra Costa County has the
Twenty-second Assembly District all
to Itself. It does not have to share the
Assembly District with any other coun
ty as it does the Senatorial District,
end consequently the contests for the
various party nominations are more
often tinctured with local affairs than
with affairs from the outside. So it
was In this case.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 12.
William Dufour of William Dufour & Co.—
Building Is brisk and getting better. We hare
recently finished a cottage on Fifth street,
near Railroad avenue, for Mrs. Henrr Eaton,
and have erected another on Knclnal avenue,
between Willow and Walnut streets, to sell.
We have also disposed of a JUVfoot lot on
Buena Vista avenue, between Stanford and
Willow streets, on which Mrs. Catherine Mun
ro J* completing a six-room bungalow that will
cost when finished about «2.VX>. We are- ne
cotlatinz a deal with San Francisco parties
for the building of two combined flats and
store* near Mastic >«tatlon. to cost when com
pleted SCT.OO. Plans for the buildings have
been prepared and work will be commenced as
soon as the necessary details are perfected..
E. A. Randlett of Delanor & lUndlett— We
an? doins more building and more expensive
building in Alameda than we have done for a
lone time. The residences wf have under way
ran"? In cost from ?SSOO to $7500 and are of
thp'latest style of urchltecture. Another fea
ture of the local realty market recently has
been the unprecedented demand for property
fronting on the south side beach. This has
risen In value and It Is almost Impossible to
purchase any land facing thp beach at this
time. We have In course of construction a
rrsldenre of Swiss architecture for Mr. Mere
dith at the corner of Fan Jose avenue and
Vnl^n street to cost *?>0flo. We are also
huildlnsr a ?"0OO home for George Curtis at
the corner of St. CharlM street and San An
tonio nvenw". and a £5500 Gothic style resi
dence for Mr. Schoonmaker on our Laurel
street" tract. We have completed a house for
sale in th<* ram* tract and are hard at work
on the new First Congregational Church,
which l« to cost nearly J4f>.0<10. We expect to
.have the Pundav-school and the assembly
room of th» ertHW rea-i* for occupancy by
August 1. We are now paying out to our Al
ameda tvorkmpn mor* than *!WV» a week and
have *v lar«e force employed on bv'ldtngn In
Fan Francisco.
Elmer K. Johnsrr — While I hav* made no
large sales withlnthe la«t week. I have had
many Inquires from . people who are casting
nhou't for suitable "Up* uron which to build.
Thero Is verv little speculating In Alameda
property nnd Th»n ¦» sal» Is rrad«lt generally
T"«-flrs that the purchaser Is to#**!Id and b«
ccme a pormnnent resident. Th«re has. not
b»en thf> demand for furnished houses thts
v»ar th*t w» had «n former. ye»rs. and nw
i-rason for thl" 1" that most r*""'* goimrjnut
o' town own th»1r own homi»s nnd are i\f* In
clined to turn them over t*» stranier«. Thoso
persons who own property here are holding U
for -tiff pricwi nnd thts Indicate* that th»r
appreciate that Alameda realty Is to be worth
more In the future.
Frank Halljr of Hally & Co.— I have rented
the last cottage that I had on my ltst and
could rent more if thty were to be had. Busi
ness witW us has picked up and we could
hardlji expect it to be bi-tter at this season oi
the year, which is usually dnjl. We have sev
eral modern cottages for ¦ sale and expect to
aispose or them aoon. as the demand (or sucb
homes is always in excess of the supply.
A. R. Denke — People are Just beginning to
realize the advantages- of the West End as a
beautiful and uuuvtniest place lor a home,
and particularly for those doing business Id
San Francisco. Myself and others have con
structed nlne_ cottages on Haight avenue and
all of them are sold, although several have not
yet been entirely finished. I . built six of the
homes and disposed of them to persons outslda
of Alameda. I could sell or rent two dozen
more such cottages if I had them. There is a
demand now for a five-room . hous/* that will
rent for from $13 to |2O a month. Modern
slx-ro-?m cottages bring from t-t: 50 to $25
and they are extremely scarce.
Captain J. S. Hanley — Not for five years has
the real estate business been better with me
than It Is at the present. Five years ago It
was hardly worth while for one to Invest In
property expecting to make a profit by specu
lating- Now it Is different and all Alameda
property is on the Inerease. A few days ago
I purchased a lot near Encinal Park with a
frontare of 102 feet and two days later sold
ore-haV of it for nearly what I had paid for
the whole.
ALAMEDA, June 11.— Realty dealers
here all express themselves as being
well satisfied with the prevailing con
ditions and unite in the statement that
not for twelve years has Alameda
property been appreciated as it now
is. Here is what some of the dealers
say concerning the local realty field:
The people of Oakland see in this ho
tel project something that will not only
attract visitors to the city, but will
keep them here when they arrive. Thia
is the big argument advanced by real
estate men. One and all say that it
would mean the opening of a larger
market for Oakland real estate if theie
was a place to which wealthy visitors
could be brought and kept.
All of the cities and settlements upon
the eastern bay shore are enjoying the
same degree of prosperity as Oakland,
despite the regular summer exodus to
mountains and seashore.
The plan was given new life and im
portance during the last week by the
voluntary subscription of $10,000 by
Julius Abrahamson of the firm of
Abrahamson Bros., dry goods mer
chants. This subscription was sent by
Mr. Abrahamson without solicitation.
It is believed that as soon as the com
mittee begins its work of soliciting
there will be no trouble In completing
the $750,000 reauired.
The proposition that is now attract
ing'the greatest attention and creating
the most interest in Oakland: is the
suggested new hotel. The committee
of citizens that was appointed to col
lect the funds for the new structure
has hardly got Its plans in operation,
and it is confronted with the summer
season when many people are away
and business is generally dull, so that
no organized work has been done. The
committee feels that it has about $250,
000 in sight* though not actually sub
scribed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 1016 Broadway, June 12.
Alxunedans Plan an Attractive Pro
gramme of literary. Athletic
and Other Events.
ALAMEDA, June 12. — Details hav*
been completed for an old time cele
bration of the Fourth of July to be
held under, the management of the
"West End Improvement Association.
Colonel George C. Babcock has been
chosen to deliver the oration and Sen
ator Joseph R. Knowland has been in
vited to read the Declaration of Inde
pendence.
The literary exercises will be held
on the Neptune Garden grounds and
will begin at 1:30 o'clock in the af
ternoon. There will be songs by the
children of the public schools, led by
Miss Ida Fisher. There will be a pro
gramme of athletic games. In the
evening there will be a display of fire
works, the celebration to conclude
with a grand ball in the West End
Wigwam. _
Passengers Take Pity on
Plight of Patient and
Present Her With Purse
Editor Publishes a State
ment of His Position and
Leaves the Field Clear
Berkeley and Alameda Real
Estate Men Make Reports
on a Number of Brisk Sales
Mrs. Hearst Gives Over All
of Property and Offers
to Aid the Enterprise
FRIENDS PROMISE HELP
OIJ> TIME CELEBRATION
OF INDEPENDENCE DAY
DETAINER IN HOSPITAL
MILNES WILL NOT RUN
SUBSCRIPTIONS COME IN
Young Woman From Cripple
Creek Becomes Deranged
and Is Taken From Train
Threatened Contest for
Assembly Nomination in
Contra Costa Avoided
Hart Greensfelder Begins
Movement to Get 'Money
for Social Settlement
Committee Is Shortly to An
nounce Definite Plan of
Operations to Kaise Funds
STRIKERS PREY
UPON HER MIND
HOPE TO KEEP
UP NOBLE WORK
PARTY STRIFE
NOW SETTLED
HOTEL PROJECT
TAKING SHAPE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. MONDAY, JUNE 13. 1904.
Unfortunate Victim Dies at Receivirig Hospital After
San Pablo Vehicle Runs Over Him and Breaks
Many Bones— Not Known How Accident Occurred
ROBERT PAYNE IS STRUCK DOWN
AND KILLED BY AN ELECTRIC CAR
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Can't Do it
Heart affections will not get \7ell of
themselves; ¦ neither do they remain in-
¦cti\-e. If the cause is not removed they
continue to prow in number and severity.
They are the outgrowth of exhausted
ri^rve force, and the heart cannot stop" to
rest, as do the other organs, but must
continue to struggle until completely
disabled, and — that's the end.
On the very first Indication of heart
trouble you can stop all progress and
effect a cure by toe use of
Dr. fiiles* Heart Cure
The most effective heart remedy known.
It builds up. feeds and strengthens the
nerves and muscles of the heart, and re-
stores it to perfect health.
"I bad serious heart trouble; tor two
months my life seemed to nans by a
thread, when my attention was called to
Dr. Mills'- Heart' Cure. I commenced
taking the Heart Cure and Nervine, and
in two months they restored me to com-
parative pood health." — REV. W. A-
ROBINS. Port Elgin, Ont.
The first bottle will benefit: If not, the
druggist will return your money.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
Skin Diseases
ol the most stubborn and chronic kind
¦re promptly relieved aad eventually
cured by the use of
This powerful germicide is ab-
solutely harmless. It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
will cure you. By killing the
germs that cause skin diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthv
skin. Used and endorsed by lead-
ing physicians everywhere for the
last 12 years. Booklet on request.
Sold by leading- drug-gists or trial
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
61 O prince St., New Y«rk.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
lO!**. Broadway.
Telephone Mnin 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALA3IEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4593.Com ins in Canoes
LONDON. June 12. — The Cunard
Line announces that the following re
duced rates will go into effect to-mor
row: Third -class fare from Liverpool
to New York or Boston by the Cam
pania or the Lucania. $23; by the
Umbria, Etruria. Surnia or Saxon la,
$13 75; by the Carpathia or Aurania.
$12 50; from Rotterdam, Hamburg,
Bremen or Antwerp to New York or
Boston. $15; prepaid rates from Scan
dinavian ports. $1S. and prepaid rates
from British ports. $15. Second-class
rates from Paris and first-class rates
from Paris. Hamburg. Bremen. Ant
werp rr Rotterdam to New York or
Boston by all ships of the line will be
the same as those from London.
Steamship Company Arranges New
Schednle AffecUne Passengers of
All Classes.
CUXARD LIXE ANNOUNCES
A REDUCTION IN KATES
mored cruisers of the Pennsylvania
class are to have two submerged tubes
and the battleships four, of which two
are above ! water. The aggregate esti
mated cost of the seven battleships is
$46,000,000, in round numbers, and that
of the eight armored cruisers $45,500,
000, which, with the $3,000,000 for the in
stallation- of torpedo tubes., brings- the
total estimated ¦ cost of these fifteen
ships to over $34,500,000.
A CRUISER THAT FAILED.
The Navy Department has refused a
third trial of the cruiser Denver. ¦ and
accepted; the .vessel subject to a reduc
tion in, price because of. its, failure to
make the required speed. The first trial
gave 16.5 knots, the second 16.75 knots,
which was j one-quarter • knot short of
the, contract, and this . shortage will
cost the builders $25,000, besides, the ex
penses of two trial trips, otherwise paid
by the. Government when the. vessel
makes the required speed. When the
contracts for the six ships of the Den
ver class were awarded, in, December,
1899, five of the , builders accepted the
department's figures of 16.5 knots'
speed, but the builders of . the Denver
took the risk of : guaranteeing. 17 knots
at an advance in .price of $15,000 over
that of the next highest • bid. The
Navy League, but has during the past
two years ceased the publication of the
"general information series from
abroad," the only concise and reliable
information on foreign navies that was
accessible to the public and which had
been published annually since 1SS3 by
the Navy Department.
The Board of Construction, composed
of the bureau chiefs in the Navy De
partment, has at last come to the wise
conclusion of putting submerged and
above water torpedo tubes in all the
battleships and armored cruisers under
construction. The five battleships and
six armored cruisers designed in 1900-1
were originally planned to- have two
submerged tubes, but subsequent
changes eliminated this armament and
contracts were awarded for- the con
struction of the ships in 1901. The cost
of installing torpedo tubes __ in these
eleven ships and four others since de
signed is estimated at close on to $3,
000,000, one-half of which amount would
have been saved If the original plans
had been. adhered to. As It is now, it
will become necessary to make many
alterations in the work already done,
for which contractors must ¦ be paid,
and. in addition, a rearrangement -of
storerooms and . quarters will involve
considerable time and expense. Ar-
According to a recent report of the
German Navy League, there are eight
countries in which navy leagues have
been organized since 1S94. That of
Germany, although it was started In
189S — four years after the British
League— numbers 633.000 members and
has a cash balance in its treasury of
750,000 marks, or 51ST.200. The British
League has 20,000 members, while
France musters only 3900 and Italy
10.000. Spain organized a league in 1900
and claims 12.741 members. Even in
Belgium S00 people are navy leaguers,
although that country has no recog
nized navy. The popularity of the Ger
man Na\ r y League is entirely due to
the Emperor's untiring efforts to place
Germany second in the rank of naval
powers, and the Government Is fanning
the "patriotic flre started and has
aroused the interest of seaboards and
inland people in the subject. In the
United Stales contrary conditions ex
ist, for not alone does the Government
entirely ignore the existence of the
fined itself mainly to a recital of naval
history and description of vessels un
der construction. Unlike the British
Navy League Journal It is extremely
conservative and has offered no criti
cism on existing conditions.
NAVY LEAGUES ABROAD.
- The vast accumulation of wealth, th« vast
material equipment of civilization In our day
ousbt not to mislead us Into supposing that
this ia an age gross and material beyond prec
edent; more debauched by greed or intoxicated
by material power, than any that has gone be
fore it. It is not. Though its spiritual Im
pulses and conceptions and undertakings do
not run so exclusively along the old. hallo-wed
and ¦ familiar ways of - religion, as in some
noted - days gone by — particularly some days
that shine bright and Illustrious In the early
annals of our own nation — the spirit of man
has I waxed as strong In our time &s has I his
hand, and has given itself to works as mighty
and as influential.
Many books, and homilies have been written
for us of late tn advocacy of . a simple life,
and beneath their sentiment lies a noble and
enlightening ! truth. There Is no virtue In a
plainly furnished room; a little circle of em-
PRINCETON. N. J., June 12.— For
the first time. in the historv of Prince
ton University a layman, to-day de
livered the baccalaureate address, the
honor being conferred on President
Wilson, at the request of the students.
In the academic procession was former
President Cleveland. President Wil
son, in the course of his address, said:
President -of Princeton in Speech to
Academicians nnd Students De
fends Present A*e.
BACCAIiAURKATE ADDRESS
DELIVERED BY WILSON*
Cleveland, Des Molnes and Tacoraa
made the contract speeds, and the Gal
veston and I Chattanooga are at the
navy yards at Norfolk and New York
completing at the expense of the, de
faulting contractors. Besides the fine
of $25,000 for deficient speed in the Den
ver, the builders of all these ships have
large amounts checked against them as
penalties for . exceeding the time limit.
They -were to be. completed in June,
1902;. but 'the 'Denver was not accepted
before May, 5 last.
plorments. a ISttle eroup of friends is no cer
tain means of gra.-». The stsipls grace may
be very mean and bare an<i unrewardir.K ;
what Is worse. It may be wry selnah acd be
ltttlicz. The kernrl of the moral is simply
that our life !• greater than the things that
we handle and that cur life la In us. not In
our pceswslocs or social • r business engage
ments.
The Navv League of the United
Slates was incorporated January 2,
19C3, and numbers at the present time
about 2500 members. It has forty-one
sections, including four outside of the
United States, located in Florence.
Parts, Hanover and Bogota, Colombia.
DuhEg the month of April eight new
sections were organized, and while the
growth of the league is slow it com
pares favorably with the British Navy
League. A number of women have re
cently Joined the league and are active
¦workers, and in some cities where sec
tions are established prize contests are
Instituted in the schools for essavs on
some naval topic, the prize being a
picture of some famous ship in the navy.
with the signature of the officer ia com
mand at some notable time. The latest
contest was at Bethlehem. Pa., the
prize being the Olympia with Admiral
Dewey's signature. The official crgan
of the league Is the Navy League Jour
nal, issued monthly. It has es yet con-
Paymaster General Harris of the
United States Navy has obtained au
thority from Secretary Moody for a
Dew system of inspection of naval
supplies. It has been the complaint
of contractors for the past forty years
that there was an unnecessary quanti
ty of "red tape" and a great loss of
time in the inspection, acceptance and
payments of articles delivered at navy
yards, and many large firms have,
for these reasons, declined to make
bids for supplies. The new regulations
provide that inspections shall begin at
least by 10:20 a. m. on the second day
following the delivery of supplies and
be completed as rapidly as is consist
ent with the proper examination. All
causes of delav must be made the sub
ject of daily memoranda from the in
spection boards. The paymaster gen
eral proposes to establish the method
cf iiiEpection on businesslike grounds,
as nearly an possible resembling com
mercial practices.
The month of Ayril was prolific in
launching of war vessels, no less than
eeven ships taking to the water. The
United Slates led with the battleship
Virginia asd the armored cruisers
Colorado and California. On April 30
the French battleship Democratic the
British armored cruiser Devonshire aud
the German cruiser Munchen were
launched and a turbine torpedo-boat
v. as floated at Schiechau on April 2t.
An armored cruiser of 13,347 tons is to
be built at Brtst. She will be the long
est war vessel built for any navy, be
ing 515 feet, exceeding the British type
of Drake by 10 feet and that of the
California class in the United Slates
navy by 13 feet. The new French ar
mored cruiser is to huve triple screws
of 26,000 horsepower, giving a speed
of 22 knots, a bunker capacity of 2300
tcr.s and an armament of four 7.6-inch.
twelve B.4-inch. twenty-two 3-pounders,
two 2-pounders ar.d five torpedo tubes,
two of which are under water. The
estimated cost is S5.5S0,OCK». against that
of the Ernest Renan. now building and
of the same type, of JS.SSO.OOO.
A British ship of war recently ar
med at Puerto Areaitas and saluted
ih~ flag of Costa Rica with twenty-one
gur:s. It took the gunners of Costa
Rica two hours to answer the salute.
The ordnance consisted of one old mui
zlt -loader, which had to t>e allowed to
cool after each discharge, but the gun
r.«-rs. persisted and the salute was got
through ia the course of the day.
A new coast defense 10Vj-inch gun
was recently tried at Cherbourg, with
startling results. The concussion of the
discharge nearly shook the fort to
pieces. Dummies had been substituted
for live gunners, without which precau
tion there would have been, great loss
of life, as the dummies were shattered
into fragments. The guns were fired
under service conditions and stood the
ttst remarkably welL
If France should become involved in
a naval war it is feared that it would
insult in expose not less startling than
the inef!ici c ncy of the army in 1870.
Numerically the navy is strong in bat
tleships, but wherv old and inefficient
thipm are deducted the number is de
creased from twenty-eight to only
eleven first-class ships.
NEW INSPECTION* SYSTEM.
Seine novel tests of the submarine
and destroyer flotilla* of tb« Ports
mouth division took place last -month
near the Is'.e of "Wight. The object was
to ascertain the roost- advantageous
methods to be adopted by the subma
rines in repelling a eudden attack on
Pcrtsrr.outh harbor by a fleet of de
stroyers, and the first operations were
to discover the prospects of the subma
rines escaping from the fire of the de
efrcyerp' guns. Two substantial can
vass targets, representing in shape and
e:z<? submarine craft, shotting only the
conning tower and periscope above
Tvater. were towed by a torpedo-boat
at a speed of nine knots past the de
stroyers, which open«-d fire with twelve
pounder Qulcli-flrers. Blfflcult as was
the target, some good practice was
made, and the canvas screen was pene
trated half a dozen times. In a fight
with destroyers, especially at daylight,
the submarines are at a decided dis
advantage, inasmuch as they have to
ccrae to the surface to make attacks
on the destroyers, while In operations
against heavier vessels, drawing from
twenty to twenty-eight feet of water,
no part of the submarine is exposed
above water when In the act of launch-
Ing her torpedo against the bottom of
the enemy's chips.
The entire fleet of fifteen Improved
torpedo-boats ordered in 1903 has been
delivered by the contractors and ac
cepted by the British Admiralty. They
ere all 225 feet in length, 23*» feet beam
and 10 feet draught, but their displace
ment varies from £50 tons to 534 tons.
Yarrow built four, Laird three. Palmer
five, Thornycroft two and Hawthorne
one of these boats, the guaranteed
epeeti of 2S knots being exceeded in all
from one to one-half a knot. They are
more substantially built than the type
of destroyers which they displace, and
the fictitious speed of 20 knots has been
reduced to 25 knots, with a better guar
antee sg-a'.r.st breakdowns. Fourteen
boats of this type are on the naval pro
gramme for 1504-05.
On May 15 there were eighty-three
British war vessels assembled at Pal
ma. Majorca, preparatory for maneu
vers. This fleet was composed of all
classes, from battle5hir>s of 15,000 tons
to destroyers of S00 tons, and carried
a total of over 33,000 officers and men.
LAUNCHING OF WARSHIPS.
SUBMARINES
CANNOT COMBAT
DESTROYERS
THE • SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 13; 1904.
LONDON. June 12. — The Stock Ex
change last week presented no marked
features. Apart from business con
nected with the settlement the very
smallest transactions were recorded
and -the movements In prices were
triainff. *
London Stocks nt Standstill.
From all the South Sea Islands natives
are coming In canoes to Tahiti for the
great July festival. Grass girdled danc
ers flre walkers, fierce tattooed warriors
will be there. It is the sight to see.
Special excursion leaves San Francisco
July: 2 on ¦ the ocean liner "ilariposa."
back August J. f
Details nt-«4S Market street. Oceanic
S. S. Co. *
5
THE EMFOBnnit. | THE EMPORIUM. ) , ¦ X THE EMPORIUM. •' | THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
| There's much untruthful advertising. Truthful ad- fo _' «i jlf" Sale Fine Toilet Soaps
*: vertising is the keystone upon which we have built up ;-\<>™ • / Soaps that clean at prices to clean up. We believe
j; 'his great an d far-reaching business. Customers hun- J£^f Q &Jr> / P&/ r^ffyY / 0 B IHPf that such n ood qualities of toilet soap have never before
* dreds of miles away trade with us with the same feeling of security gl i^^J/fi&J^^ iy^44^i£^ l_ b?en sold in this city at such astonishingly low prices.
5 as the patrons who can come to our counters. We sell only thor- m * ' MB^M+S ip . • J ° - v
* oujihly reliable merchandise; we never exoflflerate or misrepresent. If CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST* ' ¦¦iMin"^ M ***"^ i.- S T?' a Pe "f'* n ? we >, Toi ! et *%?7 «^w "> M«^y - - 7o
X . " . . • c • a- i -it. HitrMv rcfumed. harJ mil rd, Velv« Toilet Soap — For th?-o!st, ram-
X zoods purchased are not satisfactory in every particular they can -saaES3£^^^^Mr^. S GRANDEST STORE. «,^1 'in quality to most 25c box kw« and con^Z hi ? hc,r g«d e JC 3 ? ,
£ be returned. Oar money-back guarantee Is our customers* ample protection. 1 ". ""HgjpU*" 11 " wmtmwi a urwnuM 1 j i uhbi s^ ap^ Beginning Monday, box 3 with F umc e combination, tpeciai tale pr.es,
i Our money-back guarantee is, that we will refund tt — .. . ' — Av .. - nnt . covcrj o . . . .. $SS£tM* ioiiei $o, P l-H?rd "^n.ido c«tue W-W« (SS
i money on goods purchased here (with the exception of **"** «*"»»»"» ddnrery seryfee not only cov C « o.ki.nd. ai«- mi , !ed dcIkatdy pfrfumed , many „,, Utgz b an> re^y
*. , J . . =% r - t .u v. j- • - 4 j meda ana B:rkc.ev, ou: under certain conditions extends to all of the near-bv <ell it for sec; it is surely worth «c MondaT. »3«"aL 14o
I a few articles for sanitary reasons) if the merchandise is returned ™« - . . . . ...... bSf S?^ . y . . • 1So SJ^ihh Tart!e Oil So^
»: to us within a reasonable time in the same condition as when we c«'«. « WB » uu ' cr ""P 1 - Albaiint-A new «>.? pow<*«, Ira™ ib ban, most drug «or« charge i=e special
»• Sold it. ¦ ¦ We do not de'iverC. O. D. special $a'e goods ordered by msil Or telephone. ikin iof: aad vrh't:, lirxe iprinkler bxn, fa'e pric% begnning Mondiy, rir . if}O
I Our /Absolute AIonGi/^Scrdlt Guarantee /<& proaf
I that the&e v<alu<£<s ana' Qualities are right.
V 1 . . -
I Monday We Begin the The March of improvement Wash Goods One-Third
1 1: Season's Great Silk Sale Brings Big silverware iHg Reuular Prices
15 Greatest because ot the quantities involved, greates: because oi the.varie- '_- - " . o / «**«^ mm%*mjmMM*MM • m %~-~>
Jf :ie» offered, greatest because ot" the jcasonabeness and desjrab'eness of the anti %MCWtCiry wifl/C m ~ m • This will be a wash goods sale sach For Warm Weather — Another large
H r. In a fewdavs the handsome new jewelry, silverware and cutlery » the -old town" has never seen be- lotofhi|h 8 rad C batiste, in dainty
5 Tne assortment includes wash si.ks, iou ards, striped pongees, Crepe ce , . , , , _, , A , .„ . , . fore Read the headlines care.'uliv. ... ,
|g Chines and colored uffna,. • P o . P d ,p artme nt, under.the elevated Cafe.and Bandstand, will be ready to w^. y coloring,, .neer « organdv, yc :
K 85c Crepe de Chine 59c— An extra qua ity, with a beamifu. .finish, in pre:t> receive the stocks of goods- Prior to the opening of the new depart- u , ar prlcc>no: one-chirdoiFtneregu.*r close and fine in tex:ure ; the 15c
jj* shades ot pink, hght b'.ue, maise, niie, heliotrope, champagne, re eda, ment we are carefully looking over present stocks and weeding out all price, and' we mean it. Here is what and aoc kinds; unre-
*! cream, white and black; the chespes: we have ever so.c thrm; regusriy the small lots and are marking them at quick-selling prices. We h going to happen: servedly to-day and t Sg ff*
« TC 8 n Cthe^ d; J 3:g i Dn ; ng J M L nda7 v; •••••• \ 59 ° quote a tew of the reductions for to-day's selling: Over 6000 r.rds of richly co'ored fine Tuesday; yard . . . **«*-
; 5 7Sc Panne Lfterty Foulards 48^Many very pretty cesigns lor shirt w«-.t _ ;.•.¦„ ., , TL r ¦ zephyr svitinjs, high.y merceri/.ed in db u^-One of the **1L known
;» suits. In the iot the ne-.r snades of tan. brown, grav, he iotrope and tr.: J>si(f and Peppers - 1-jney g.a», «- r .mg HWer. Sterling Silver Tableware — Consist- Jn tne yarn: iom= daintily printed, c , . . . , .. -
% ererpopu'ar navy b: U e; r.g^any alway. 75c the yar^ the special s^e price r Cf ula ? lv -- ? c «cl, . . . . . . f^C . fng o ; : well known 25c goods that, ctu.ily fine makes, thirty inches wide fine
$ beginning Monday . . . . 4Sc Cjndie Sihks- In th, French _gr, y finUh, Cream Ladles Olive Forks \ cost the trade more than double our * use u., yara jq g
ii 51.00 Pongee Silks 48c— An extra quality in beaat:ful striped effrct, in sn.ee rfgul • I5 ° iach> '/ t0 . t^ ot '; t2c Su^ar Sifters Pickle Forks sa'e price;" Monday and :^y Octing Scitings, in Scotch pebble ef-
|. oi green, red. rose, pink, etc. Very pretty summer coitum.-s and waVs Bl-£ocl1 Pins — Asserted <frsign», In French Olive Spoons Sardine Forks Tuesday, if the quantif. $& I fTSt feet;, dark, rea: and s:ron? and
J can be made from these; on special sale beginning Monday, yard. . 48 O l"£ ZTktiZ Jo,- "'"*"- eZ ¦ Sugar Tongs, etc. last,, yard ...... "3** dressy, yard 12#G
¦tk 75c Colored TaHelas 48c— Only a imited quantity ot theicdesi-abe lining .-i Ls- u ' _ . - .. " ' ., Fr«ch G ay Finish Handk* in prrtry flower _ '/ ~~ ?.^
ij these are extra quality 75c taffetas, in light b'ues, pinks, reseda, red. nie. "** o , c * h ~ E }' l^-l"**^' I**''™* t" ' de^gn..* 1 bawit and t!n-s g.ll lined, rrgn- For the CaiTip and Country Home
5 gray, etc.; on special sale beginning Monday and whi e quantity ls$f tOp! ' C " ? " )C *:«u f'« - • • SO i ar . i.eo taors, reduced to do-e . . 79O , mr . . „,,, , -.., f;-.
|2 ar ' d r t, b j m ' -L Fancy Hit P.ns — As orted .tone setting.— Silver PUted Pie Knivjs — Cake Knives, Gray C» 1 ornia Woo: B ankets — Fme Turkish Tovels— Half bleached, extra
:*>" • **"" ••••••-• • **€>C fincv dfj'gnf, xrgalar jrrc; 35c td J i.oa dumb Scrapcri, Ice Cream S;rTtr», etc. — makes pair £2m95 «i-»e «rl, m tS
*1 $1.25 Black PcaV dc Soie 87c— Le» ™™ 5°° y» rd » o{ thet c l-«vv qu*Ky «ch, a!l i: or.t unYorm [ric; 10 do-c. WC *"e 75<= « ch . reduced for this sale to __ ' ' -'. ' ' ' p., \LJ T^ ** >O
J Peaude Soies that sod reguariv at jfl.25; on special sae bepinning Mon- „ . c --v p u «• u .- ' 33o Gray BlanKctS — ** or sed or - .
I dlv v , r d S . 5. P g gwon M en'i Snk Fob,-U uh ta.cv omam,nr f , ,a Ro - tr & ros/ . M847 » Knife and Fork couch, pair $1.00 Bed Sheets-?* by 90 inches, .oh
I tzn~Ujl~L C.VIr^'oV '-fj,"" \C I ". ' V \ : ' ' - «,ortni f n:ot many sty.e, that w« : .iooto M ' „ dwt Ww llri j Al fancv Fine ComJorters, good sanitary filed. £ nijh b'eached AA,*
> aUC Y/ash SllkS 23C — These are the best qua. itrcs fhir: wa:st wa^h Sz.jo-jI 00* a: en; uniform F r:ce to rk€ in hox repu arlv < 4 a . fz b SSc o «cnea 44C
. «.ks. in such de.ir.b.e coloring, as b!ue, pink. tan. rose and gray, offered cSoje, each . . . 39o this «!e . .J^l .$3.87 T J rk ' isn Towefs, fin^ b^hk* c^ Pillow CaSCS-A good kind. 45x36
» at just the time you need them most at the io\ve»t price we have known Cream Lad'es- Sher patrd, fancv <iesgns Fine Shears— Full nickeled, tn 3 ciffrrrnt »«e», ,/ # / -
5 such silks to be so'd for anvwhere; beginning Mondav, yard <23c rfguh ' lv 3?c ' ' a! ' rHcf ' " ch ' ' ' l6 ° *r«i a lfor this »h, F ar f4o thread, each .\. . . . . I7hC inches, each fOo
£ Season's Best Bargains Best 50c Gloves Good Switches > $1.50 Laundry Bags 26c Sales Mattings, Carpets
I Women's Suit Department* For Summer Wear Vp>S^ni^aSv«»^lf^j?^S? Thev are the f U n size 4 oc bags. ma . j e and Summer Furniture
1$ All COStumeS WOrth Up to . Fowne :! L^, le Su.-de-i:n= S h Ccv:. z large A Iprcully g^od va'.ue in singe ".tern wary jS^jjilSi^J^^S^^ ?S The imprOVementF in the fur-
\ c.x^^ c-a«ps, white. Mack, grays, m^es; with 3-ro*- switches. 10 much usrl now for cre«'n S ha'.r low Stamped With the W rd -sundry 10 D • h , -irwt wfi«n« «. T^^?l
I » \!?s?P^ $165.00 now embroidery in -.e'.f ani black. The e glove, cn back of neck, about =o incbe, long, ail «hadr. embroidered, regu arly 4oc, sr«al, niture and carpet sections are . Jl\
$ . )£j . 527 50 to $75 00 wlsh * ni wear ?*™™'* r '-J »d'- *x<e P : gray, ; for "onr-nf:y." * Mondav only . • • • 26c almost completed. The entire „ <>J //}[
i. * * ' ' i ' " • back half of the second floor is )l ..'../ ill
S / WV\\!SP> Any Pongee Shirt Waist Pattern Veils Sale Men's Outing HnnH rrPPTPPC iven U P to a comprehensive* i/i / il\\
I / LA^A Suit, regularly 523 50 to V£w*mnn Shoes $1.30 sISJfS ' display of summer furniture and ft^Wfl
tt SfA\ .1,1 $32.50, now $14.90 75C,&1.UU Weil n,ade, .tyihh ,h,p« ( t h« Can- ior£2*00. carpetings. The few prices ifesggffi
v it i r£i Q 12 =0 Tailo- Suits 54*93 Extremely £t»:ith ftiVcti in »:i thf popu'ar mi Outing shofs, lace cr Oxford Myles white, A quick freezer, ma j • rf b*st wfcre quoted to-day will convince the .W^aK^Z?
V <^^ /^y^4&t\ V t ,,'l T .. . c .. ci/oo m "-'hrs, and dlftrrent combir.itcn? cf dot. and light e ray (to match the popa'ar outing luitf) or ctdir, With g-Ivanzed nOn-rUStnbie mOSt Skeptical of OUr i '^r^5^£^-^ I
tf &' f' / T >*E*/J $22.50 Tailored SuitS $14.90 .ummer coloring!. They are 1% and i«^ Khaki color. Kev=r «oM re ? u arly under *I. 5 o; trimmings, 3 Ot. S Zi |2 OO 4 qt. size - .. srLC^ lv -' tl ul uul ih^£^£0 A
$ SKr / mZe $6.75 DreSS SkirtS ....$4.90 .^'W. . Mondav and Tu,«day "to^Msty." - - - . $2.25 «* these lines. . rgg^^^j \
I " !/ W *2o 00 Dr ess sorts' 3,4 90 Hanttkerchfef S ale Side Combs 15c Bue Fiame Oil 'SSg; i^^l
[| j Unequaled bargains shamrock & eer linen, h.nd-embroider f d These are full size, latest shell ef- el ?e AA regularly $12.00, Monday and jl^^^^^i/
* ¦It-; j\\ this week — phenom- Handkerchief, walloped edgei. ijopatt-rns, fects and would be good values at StOVe&OmUU Tuesday $8m4O • 'i
£ 'IB enal SeIHn^ a11 the Sea " U SOo^ I '£<§&$: .However, we have For summer cookrng "^PJ": Golden Oak Tabourette, or imitation mahogany
»" // /! ' '"¦¦ VV\ SOn h3S l6ft US Wkh i'.^ f .V?«5£ * i?SZ JjW »»d -J- «l M.35; special sale price.
t- y fl ] ft \J^ remaining lots, which f ' s °' ' 75 trIc> S1 '°° Summer Toilet —— ¦ \ - Monday and Tuesday 95c
% W ,1 |\yfe-l we have marked at the Girls' Overalls Necessities 25c, 50c Parasols SI, 51 .25 Solid Oak Ceaur Table— Handsome, figured, quarter-
\i above absurdly low Aprons, . Rompers Dr. Lambert's Cvcvmber Witch Hazel For Vacation Use sawed wood polished and rubbed (also mahog--
JL prices to Close OUt immediately. Their- G i« the ii«h . Bn . comfortable tixne and Lotion-Prevents and cures tan, corded Madras, w^sh silk and rq-e Mondavnnd I TrcSav * 's PfiQ
ft resistible figures have been placed on ««!«$ of washing. • .sunburns, etc.; large 10-ounce rarasols in plain colors, fancv stiipeJ wonuaj ana -mesuay . *<z.cz/
$ ,~ j i_i i- „( r-,,Uc nn J ri,;,.^ :_ Glr: ** Oveia'U — N'ary b'.ue d;nm, rei bottles 25C. . effects and all white, and variety Of f«»n«si«* IUI»*44mmm»m*~ '
j; dependable lines Of SUltS and Skirts in &«*$, -»^to I ,«, HOC MaXm Lovts- Face Cream-A high- Hght rktural word handles. These Uapaii .Mattings
* order to accomplish our clearance pur- GlrV KhM °^" lh: . . _ o grade rnassaee cream- 75c iars a«eju«t the thng for country use. On soecial sale this week, a consign-
{ pose. You will come here Monday if for . * . !/ .50c r!a V hi!dren ' s fe^il^ Si ment ot " 500 rolls, just arrived; the Tat-
% you are at all interested in sharing the G;rY Gngham Apron. -s^e. + t0 lo >^ ats * est and newest patterns:
| most unusual values of the whole year. _______________°_ M J*?*Fo%?n,%n'nlen Palms, Jardinieres Regularly 25c yard l7Xo
ig gj^^^B^SCSr^^l Negligee Shirts .J-— s - £&ZZZ£Z1 $ W^WW^M ReRUlarIy 30c yard Z?H #
t SOc^f 1111111^ WSmMM^^
5 ,00 Dress Skirts hare been taken from our regular itock for trerul The best ibir s or the money we hare ev.-r Men «, t u : tJ 75c t" 13.OO ' ' ' V> ' ' ' A ' ' ' k.1 '* \\ icfcuiuiiy . iu.ju &s.*JU
: J «ie thi, week They ,re made cf mUtrai, and food , b , un ,; al adrll and rC3 t Swimm : ng ggi^^ . . S135 45C p S .ms t 6-Iwt . Mongj Carpeb-Persian and floral
ti etam:ne», rremarlv f 6.75 for «ja»"^*^*^ f u u flze an( j WC II mad?, sommer c< mtor, fo Bov«* Swimrrine Trunks each 25(1 . , j . r, • 1- • *»•*«» . , , . , ., - -,-
1 choice of an/ Drr'-, Skirt, regularly prxed, f.e.sc,... -0-0 and „ „ cmr, e.ch. g: . § /o™ jl| '.GO- Ih™ 23c to 51-SS 5l " 6 ° Shaded Frown Ja'd.n.rie, lane v designs; - sold regularly by us for 51.2^ the
£ 5,0.0=, thi. week S14.&J __^ Up '° c s '' uo > thoct £aC *'' vu wrought iron stand, Monday, *t.23 yard, and elsewhere at 11.35 and SI .50; on spe-
»; Any Por-jee Suit -in our stock, .e E »'triy «23. 5 o to $32.50- 3Sc CoiotMnt* IStS SorCCns25c ¦ cial sale beginning Monday and all the week—
I A.^.S'r/Jre^. S Mlbvthf ra ;f"turc/.;t the Adjustable hardwood window Men's COO* Outing sewed, laid and lined, yard $1.15
*j — — —^— . » 47 1, »» perfumeries^ who are going screens, in either 'of these three Clothing t s * Bl i *2* no
* Sale Of HammOCKS to change the style of labels on the sizes: 9x42 inches, 18x33 inches, M?n's Writ- Duck Pants ... $1.25 Latest NOVdS 9M.UO
£ Ynnta f*n<€s *£nnrfc Fits. bottlcs and therefore sold us 2000 12x42 inches, each . . -25c Boys' White Du:k PanN . . . .50c Vacaiion Reading— Stationery
i| TentS > COiS, Sports, UO. b0t:i5li: , fcomh ,. fprice . Mondj , Forcy-ScreenDco^leetSbyefeet Eg;^*- -W^g Tkn.«rte«« l - l -l-Jb««ni n »..sot«!.
:| $1 25 Hunmocta. S9e-r<.-o,y on.,. So .»« cotto. ,«„-,;, , e ;, vsri:ib : c E ,» de Coogne. 8. complete with hinges and hook K-sDus" rVrromijisoifsifiS '.f r 5 «»t moe; h L for -S1.O8
S bammocl; i.i prei.y coonng., piilow and cocc«.tc ,„,. ..:... Met. 'i KhakiSuits,g3, Boys' </.43 xk. &»m. k. w»«- rk«k'ia •*•«#«»
j ft -pre.der at head and .hon .pre.de, a. foo,-«ep j 1 1 Men's Khaki Pa-*, pf,. , y . SJ.gO g~f £ 2?S h££1W
j{. fringed vaiaccc— Monday special sale price . . ff^C Beif<*SQc 2SC UanUJfin I '" . Th= Wings of the Morning, by Louis Tracy.
jjr SL50 Himmock $1.18- Colorfd i Otton, in Strong Cunva- »*«s#««» •*%**,, mm*M%* g est p re nch mixed' Candy, fresh |!7f*PIVnf*^Ai ' 7 When WiUernew Was Kin;, by RaadaU Parrish.
!£ weave, with plio a- and con:ealtdspr-adf rat head, extra Licics' soft leather crushed effects; every day from our own factory, rMrwwvrntf The Memoirs cf a Baby, by Joseph^ D«kam.
£ {fOt bar and de-p fringd val.-nce, body 80 inche>—Sne- i n whi:e, mode or black: good buck es, f n ii .,. P ; o ht- nnund 3Sc 1 Our Finworks catalogue ¦ is ready. The Lightning Conductor,' C. N. & A. M. WlUiitwon.
J f ial sale price, Monday only $U18 «Vi made- extra value at coc x vveignt. pouna, **£, * |t f| fS the i owes t retail prices for The SSknt Facet, b- Stewar. Edwart White.
!Sf 8-cz. Duck Tents- A 1. witn 3 ft. walls- we^. made^extra va.ues at 50c. x pounds ........ $f.OO nrt works of all kinds. 2nd tells how Rukn of Kings/by Gertrude Atherton.
j* 7x7 ft f6oo. 9*0 ft 58.10 Children s good latent Leitfcer, packed in tin boxes to shi{> in coun- thry can re jh;pped. Out-of-town He That Eiteth Bread With Me, by Kwi.
jg 7x9 ft f7 15 9^x12 ft..- -59.70 Bets, various colors 25o try without extra charge. patrons shouid order ear y. sir Mortimer, by Mary Johnston.
g .Camp$tooI*-25Card^OC with back. . 35O7L*a75o "''".' ' ' * 10.000 Voloraes Paper Co»-ml Xor-1,, 3 ;o titles; Kgh% p!ea«nt
|: %^$SZ^^l^; *™..\\yi™ Monday and Tuesday Grocery and Liquor Sale -.«.-««-•»«. .«h-. . ... . . . . .^oc
I a : mS an^S:5 2 .25/H^ Hunt', Extra To.atoes, foM padt. Baker's Cocoa^^-lb. tin. . . 20o Cr y . to a-Kir.V ideal cleansing pjep, g^^^^i J : "iso
I* Cots-Foldin^ *dre $1.25, $1.75, $2.75 dozen, $1.18; «n /(/C Best Eastern Lard — 3-lb. tins . 5/c ration, dozen **JC The Row Playing Cards, a highly enameled card, selling regularly
fc' Lawn Croquet . . $1GO. S1.5O, S2.5O anJ $4.0O aoien, «/«<?/ 3 - ln * • • • <«»C . . . . . .. . . . . . 9&C gandy, galon 680 d K r * 5o
•f TcnnisR^s. . 75e f S1.OO $1.5O \$2.5u Maple Syrup-Log Cabin, hal.-g.ron Sj^^^t^^g fec^S^^ffv^SfS ,c<:o\Tes of A^d'^o^ J En^/^ the t.
5 S ir J?i O n22'Ca«ibt;Ririe, " 5/.5O and $175 , " ' * * * U-%° - peaches, dozen, 60; 54.00 WhW,-OM McBra T er, N.donalcfa? «ke on jour ration; special, box WC
i WUBamfoo PSSfta, i£L'. ".'.". '-'-'iw&aSd IfcK Spotted Sardine-Dozen, j^ tins g£ ... . . 22c SiWerdel or K.ller, .uaight Wbo^ g,W. 50 Fount.-n Penm+K. GoW Pen H ,e,u!« price, |x.oo ;
*: French Willow Rshng Baskets, 75o,$1.00 an I 57-25 :«» • • • • • • • • •' • • • 9c ppoio— Thegenmne, 3 cakes . 5Q C . . . .' r . .~. .$2.99 • • SOo
GRAPE-NUTS.
I Trial of the Perfect "1
J Grape=Nuts |
[] proves its strength |
j^ There's a Rsason $
¦ G*t the ISttle bock. "The Road to I
J j WeUvIUe." In eaca package. JPA St. Louis clergyman, rising in the dignity of pro
fessional privilege, has denounced the five-room flat with
its oppressive and enervating compactness as . a menace
to the progress, /prosperity and expansion of society. Is
it possible that somebody in St. Louis has copied the
plah of one of our apartment houses and renamed it a
structure of flats? . , !
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Rureaa (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1043. •
Berlin's Marine Bride.
"The Marine Bride." one of the best
known characters in the streets of
Ltrlin, is dead. She was usually to be
Teen on Unter den Linden, between
Friedrichstrasse and the Brandenbur
gar Thor. She was a worn looking
woman, about fifty-five, shabbily
dressed, although of good family, and
always carried a heavy bag. Every
Berliner knew her, and no one molest
ed the poor, demented creature. Her
story Is tragic. Many years age she
was betrothed to a navy surgeon, and
shortly after her engagement she re
ceived news that he was drowned at
sea. Her mind became unhinged, and
since the day of the fatal news she has
tvandered along Unter den Linden, be
lieving that her betrothed would return
to Berlin, driving through the Bran
denburgcr Thor. In the heavy bag she
carried what she belived was a sult'of
clothes, for which her lover would ex
change his eea-stained garments. —
London Daily Telegraph.
With an unconcern that is appalling the Board of
Health has decided to dip into literature, and "Health
Hints for the Household" will soon issue from the City
Hall .is a contribution to our store of warning knowl
edge. Perhaps the decision of the health authorities is
in the nature of retaliation. So many hints of uncom
plimentary character have been thrown at them that
they probably think it may be something of an ex
change to unload a few on the public, j
Origin of the Whitecaps.
The term "whitecaps" has come to
be synonymous with bands of men
united by secret ties for the purpose of
committing unlawful acts or for the
purpose cf taking the law into their
own hands and administering Justice to
offenders against public morals who
cannot be reached in the regular way.
But New England's earliest "white
caps" and th«? first bearers of the name
*vcre organized for a different purpose.
Their oridn dated back to the days of
Rainsford R^srer?. an impostor and
vagabond, v Iioso villainies outdid all
the efforts of Henry Tufts.
Uogprf nus a sharper of the keenest
penetration, nnd hi* plan was to take
advantage of the credulity of the unso
phisticated New Englanders by the
mo5t durir.s and original of bunko
pomes. Though illiterate, he was once
a, schoolteacher. He pretended a deep
knowletlge of ctrrolstry, and claimed
that he jwssrsrscJ the power to raise
«r to lay spirits, good and evil, at his
pleasure.
lie began his career of operating on
the *uper*tltltlou»< belief of people at
Morristoun. N. J.. in I78S, where he suc
ceed In defrauding a large number of
followers out cf a lai^e sum of money
PRINCE OF WALES— S., City. The
Prince of Wales is the eldest son of the
reigning sovereign. After the present
sovereign of England became King Ed
ward VII the title of Prince of Wales
fell to his eldest son, George Frederick
Ernest Albert, Duke of York, who was
born June 3. 1865. The King had an
elder son. Albert Victor, Duke of Clar
ence, who was born In 1864 and died In
1S32.
RINCOX HILL — Subscriber. City.
"Rlncon" is Spanish for "Inside cor
ner." That section of land on which
now stands the Sailors' Home, once
the United States Marine Hospital,
was in the early days of San Francisco
called "Punta del rincon." or point of
the inside corner. The hill, which at
one time was the fashionable resi
dence district of San Francisco, de
rived Its name from the "punta del
rincon."
CHEAT— J. F.. Napa. Cal. "Cheat"
is a volunteer growth that sometimes
appears in wheat and oats. It mani
fests itself in lowlands and is a result
of ground that is too moist. For addi
tional information on this subject ad
dress communication to the experi
mental station. University of Cali
fornia, Berkeley.
HOLIDAY— Subscriber, Oakland. CaL
This department has on several occa
sions announced that in the United
States there is no national holiday, not
even the Fourth of July, as Congress
has never declared a national holiday
for the Union. •-•-/
AS the chairman of the Democratic Congress com
mittee is named Cowherd, it is fair to assume that
one of his ancestors was quite successful as a
herder. The distinguished gentleman from Missouri,
however, is having a much harder time as a herder than
ever his ancestor had. Evidently it is much more diffi
cult to herd political asses than to herd cows, for in his
efforts to herd his party into some kind of orderly group
ing and making them keep to the road the Missourian
is having no success at all.
A recent report from Washington announces that Mr.
Cowherd has opened the campaign headquarters of his
committee, but is in great perplexity as to what to do
next. • According to the report Mr. Cowherd says ;the
committee is* receiving a great number of applications
for speeches on this and that subject of current political
interest, but especially on the tariff. He thinks this is
going to be another campaign of education like that of
1896^ but is not sure whether free silver will be a plank
in the platform, whether advanced tariff doctrines will
be expounded by the party's declaration of principles, or
what attitude will be taken in regard to the trusts and
other matters.
Under the circumstances the perplexed campaign man
ager does not know what kind of literature to send out.
At present he is going slow. Perhaps in the end he may
decide to abandon politics and take to herding cows.
Such a course would not only enable him to be true
to the traditions of nis name, but would lead him into
paths both plcasanter and more profitable.
CASINO— Subscriber, City. In the
game of Casino unless It has been
agreed that on the last deal, points
made shall count as made, the count
is cards first.
A PERPLEXED HERDER.
TO NAGASAKI — A. O. R.. City. The
distance from San Francisco to Naga
saki via Yokahama is 5538 miles and
via Honolulu is 6184 miles.
A Prince of Sivindlers.
It is noteworthy that for several
years past the police in various Euro
pean capitals have been seeking a
man who has swindled various people
out of thousands of pounds on the pre
text that he was possessed of the plans
of German fortresses, for which the
French Government were prepared to
pay him huge sums of money.
This mysterious individual was de
scribed as the "Prince of Swindlers."
He has lived in the most expensive
hotels upon the money obtained from
his victims and his society was much
sought after owing to. his -charming
manners.
"Morgan," "Ferguson" and "Baron
von Schelia" are a few of the names
under which he is alleged to have
made the acquaintance of many peo
ple in fashionable hotels and to have
swindled them out of sums of money
varying in amount from a few hun
dred pounds to thousands.
His system of obtaining money was
ingenious' and bold, but it varied in
details according to circumstances. It
was, in fact, a tfrilliant elaboration of
the confidence trick. Posing under one
of his aliases, he would confide In per
sons who believed in him that he was
in communication with a German of
ficer, who was prepared to sell him
the plans of the fortifications of Metz
or Strasburg, or both. Also that for
these documents a Marquis, acting for
the French*!Minister of War, was pre
pared to pay a very large sum of
money — sometimes as much as £320,
000.' He would Induce his victim to
scretly meet the "Marquis." who
would offer large sums for the plans,
but not so much as the "Baron" de
sired and negotiations would hang fire.
In the meantime the mythical Ger
man officer would insist on drawing
some money, which the victim was
induced to hand over to the "Baron."
This would go 9«- until the credulity
or the funds of the "gob'tween" were
exhausted, and then the "Baron"
would fade Into space and the French
"Marquis" would disappear as myste
riously as he had appeared.
Five years ago the English police
held a warrant for the arrest of a
man believed to be the swindler in
question for practicing the same sort
of fraud upon an Austrian. Nearly
three years ago an English gentleman
complained of having been robbed in
a precisely similar fashion by. "Baron
von Schelia." Every effort was made
to discover this man. Hotels were
watched, but the "Baron" was living
In affluence abroad and Scotland Yard
could do nothing.
As regards the arrest In the present
case, Mr. Harris and his friend, Mr.
Birkbeck, working in collusion with
the Scotland Yard detectives, pretend
ed to carry on the negotiations for
Mr. Btrkbeck to meet "Ferguson". and
the "Marquis de Mannevllle" at the
Hotel Moderne, Orleans, to hand over
a sum of money. All kept the ap
pointment, and so did the police.
The hotel was surrounded and a mo
tor car was In readiness to be used for
purposes of pursuit' If necessary. The
Anszvcrs to Queries.
SANTA ROSA— S. A., Duncans Mill.
Cal. Santa Rosa, Sonoma County. Cal
ifornia, is at an elevation of . 132 feet
above the level of the sea. •¦- '
Evidence has been submitted under oath to the proper
Federal authorities that when the great ship Colon was
drifting on the reefs and to destruction eight of the
officers on board were drunk. It is difficult to con
ceive of an offense more atrocious than where human
lives arc placed at the mercy of irresponsible, drink
crazed men, and punishment should follow swift and
sure.
Japanese Army Rations.
General Weston, chief of subsistence
of -the American army, has solved
what he believes to be the great secret
of the wonderful mobility of the Jap
anese army. It lies in the field ration,
a sample of which he has received
from Major W. B. Barker at Naga
saki, one of the American officers who
are watching the war. The ration
shows that the Japanese soldier can
live and fight for a month on a food
supply that weighs less than the dally
ration of the American soldier in the
field.
tion in weight
The fish received by General Weston
is about seven inches long and an inch
and a half thick in the middle, and is
dried until it resembles petrified wood.
It weighs only twelve ounces, but Ma
jor Parker says it will sustain a Jap
anese soldier for 6even days.
When soldiers are on the march
they eat the fish Just as it Is, biting off
small pieces, which are thoroughly
masticated, but when they are in camp
the fish is shaved off in small slices
and cooked with rice. The fish re
sembles a mackerel, but its Japanese
name Is "mamibushi."
The fish is about two feet long and
thick and solid before preparation for
the army ration. In preparing it for
army use it is cut in two and steamed
and dried alternately until it Is re
duced to about one-eighth of its orig
inal size, with a corresponding reduc-
Each Japanese soldier can carry
enough fish and rice to last him three
or four weeks and a whole army can
be made absolutely Independent of the
commissary trains that are indispen
sable in other armies. If the Russian
soldiers could live on as little as the
Japanese require the Siberian Rail
road would have little to do but haul
troops, for one trainload of dried fish
and rice would sustain General Kuro
patkin's army for weeks.
Dried ftsh^ is used only as a field
ration. The regular daily ration in
the Japanese army consists of one and
a half pounds of rice and half a pound
of canned meats. The daily ration in
the United States army weighs about
four pounds and the emergency ra
tion is not a great deal lighter.
An Audience With Edward
SjiecSal CurrePt'Ondenoe.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
6 HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
CARDEN. LONDON. May 30.— As pri
vate audiences with King Edward are
generally granted only to distinguished
men either in the diplomatic or consular
services, the recent reception of Jacob
H. Schiff of the New York banking
house of Kuhn. Loeb & Co. caused
much discussion in society circles. Mr.
Schiff. on getting home, seems to have
had but little to say regarding his
audience with his Majesty, but I learn
privately that it was secured through
the Influence of Sir Ernest Cassel, the
Jewish Baronet, who is on terms of
personal intimacy with the King, and
that the whole affair was arranged at
the last Newmarket race meeting,
vhcre Mr. Schiff came into personal
contact with King Edward for the i.rst
time. Mr. Schiff Is also said to have
contributed a good round sum to char
ities in which the Jewish community
here is interested. The alien emigra
tion act is causing the Jews much
anxiety and they are doing all they
can to save their coreligionists from
repatriation. Mr. Schiff went alone
into the Whitechapel slums and there
Investigated for himself the conditions
under which the poor Jews live. He
«as the guest cf the Rothschilds dur
ing a portion of the time he spent in
London and with Lord Rothschild he
vent closely Into the methods that gov
ern and regulate the Jewish Board of
Guardians. He alfo visited the Alex
andra Trust, which was founded by Sir
Thomas Lipton and in which her Maj
esty the Queen" is so personally in
terested. He saw the work people of
the district enjoy their midday meal
there and he expressed astonishment
at the cheapness and good quality of
the food supplied. He wondered why
b similar institution could not be es
tablished In Whitechapel for the bene
fit of working Jew6. It :s understood
tha^ Sir Ernest Cassel is considering
a scheme of the kind.
A Toast a la Greenland.
If it is difference of opinion that
makes horse races, as Mark Twain
avers, it certainly is difference in tastes
that makes the art of cuisine. The
palate of the hardy Greenlander might
be said to have an almost elemental
power of distinction, for we read in an
English paper that Mr. Kor-Ko-Ya. a
Greenlander, who has monopolized the
commerce of East Bafflnsland, has a
fleet of fourteen vessels and is worth
£2500. He recently celebrated the for
tieth anniversary of the foundation of
his business, his employes drinking his
health in cod liver oil.
The Rose of Memory.
Once, in a garden of supreme delight,
I saw it, rimmed with dew;
Sweet-singing to the scented summer
night:
"It Is a dream of you!
"A dream of you. dear — bringing sweet
unrest.
From which I would not part. • •
How could it bloom to wither on my
¦ breast.
Sweetheart! Sweetheart! Sweetheart!
After the years comes love, by memory
led.
Where stars forget to gleam:
The garden ruined, and the dear rose
dead —
The phant£jM of a dream!
There, with the ghosts of stars that
made heaven bright.
Prophetic of love's pain.
Alone love kneels, and prays the holy
night.
To bring the dream again.
After the years! • • • Life is a lit
tle space —
The frailest flower's breath.
And life's one Joy to dream of your dear
face
Down to the gates of death.
6, sea! dividing lives that loved in
vain —
O coral isles afar!
Darkness and distance, where the storms
complain •
From troubled star to star —
Read m* her dreams, beneath the alien
skies —
Ovt-r the wild sea-foam. •
Love Is not love that is not sacrifice —
And love will lead love home.
— Atlanta Constitution.
Astor Versus lishennen.
Special Corri+pondMiiT
HEAI>ylTAKT£RS OF THE CALL.
t HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. May 20.— Fifhins
rijlsts In the upper reaches of the
liver Thames, oiose to Cliveden, have
bt-en for lh« St'.st two years the source
%j'. much heated controversy between
\\.». Th.i:ri»»s conservancy and William
Waldorf Astor. The body which con
trols lh<? river stock it yearly with
H>a\vr with the aim of providing ree-
T aticn tor a number of persons who
e^iuose to sp^nd their Sundays and
h. h'iays a? faithful disciples of Isaak
Walton. In former years Mr. Astor.
v. hilo prohibiting fishermen from cas=t
lr.% their rods from that part of the
j.vcr bank which adjoins the Cliveden
citate. graciously allowed them to fifh
tmtn boats in the river itself. This
concession gave but scant satisfaction
to the innocent sportsmen and this
jear the Thames conservancy has been
*;rain as>i*alcd to. A deputation
vaited upon the lord of Cliveden a few
days ago only to find out that he had
decided to close the river— stream and
bank— against all but his personal
friends-:. As the law stands he is per
fectly within his right in doing so, but
the Thames conservancy, in spite of the
fact that it is an absolutely fossilized
and conservative body, can get its
back up at times, and it is believed
that Mr. Aster has prodded it into do
ing so. If all other means fail to move
Mr. Actor the conservancy will apply
to Parliament to make new laws for
the government of the river Thames.
It 4s somewhat significant that
Queen Alexandra and Princess Vic
toria, who used to be frequent visitors
to that Dart of the river, have not
been seen There since it became known
that Mr. Astor had excluded ordinary
fiyhing folk.
precautions were not taken without
need, for "Ferguson" did succeed in
escaping in a cab. and was not cap
tured until he had reached the Sercot
railroad station— four miles away. He
was about to go away by train when
the police motor car dashed up to the
station. He had 23,000 francs In his
possession, but the "Marquis." who
was to pay £320.000 for the bogus plans
in Mr. Harris" possession, had no more
than 17 francs in his pocket. On learn
ing of the arrest Mr. Harris crossed
to Paris to join Mr. Birkbeck In assist
ing the police in bringing "Ferguson"
to justice.
Between two and three years ago
"Baron von Schelia" ruined a London
doctor by Inducing him to part with
£1500— the whole of his fortune. Sche
lia, who then lived at a private hotel In
Bayswater, where the doctor with his
wife also resided, produced to him the
"secret plans" of Metz, Strasbarg and
Breslau, and the drawings of a new
German gun.
These, of course, were fictitious, but
he persuaded the doctor that he was to
receive 2,000,000 francs for them from
the French Government, and promised
him £6000 as his share.
Another gentleman living in the same
hotel was also victimized. The doctor
was taken to Holland and introduced
to "Count de Beville." who agreed on
behalf of the French Government to
pay 2.000.000 francs for the plans.
A final meeting was arranged to take
place at the , Lord Warden Hotel.
Dover, but the doctor, having parted
with all his money, waited in vain for
the Count and Baron.— London Mall.
THE latest war news of significance is to the effect
that, with tire imminent fall of Port Arthur to spur
them to feverish activity, Russian military coun
cils have directed their attention to the defense oi iheir
own capital. News dispatches from St. Petersburg state
that the fortifications 'guarding the waterway to the
Czar's imperial city on the Gulf of Riga and at the en
trance of the Gulf of Finland are being' strengthened by
the addition of some new and high power guns, that the
approaches to Cronstadt are being mined and that the
fortress of that name has been made the center for a
chain of water batteries stretching along either shore of
the Gulf of Finland. St. Petersburg is being made im
•pregnable.
This news carries with it a weight of vital significance
disproportionate to the mere record of the , armament
of the protecting fortresses. Nobody believes that the
capital of Russia is in immediate danger of being be
leaguered, nor, indeed, that a direct attack upon it by
Japanese forces is even a probability. A Japanese fleet
in European waters would be met with as great a storm
of protest from non-combating powers as our own fly
ing squadron in the Spanish war had it carried into
execution the threat of a direct attack upon Spanish sea
ports. The meat in this situation for the diplomats and
strategists to digest is this: that Russia has awakened
to the fact that she is being whipped unmercifully in this
struggle with little Japan, and the fear that comes to the
wounded has made her show her teeth tq the rest of
the European pack which stands in eager anticipation
about her borders. .
These few months of fighting in the Far East has
brought a great surprise to the world, a greater surprise
to Russia. Even those who gave of their sympathies to
the brown men from. the first dared hope only for an
even break in the shares of victory between the two
antagonists; others who were bound by fear or favor
to the giant of the north could see in the hostilities
ahead nothing but a series of heavy skirmishes in which
Russian force would annihilate the upstarts from the
Mikado's land. Followed disaster after, disaster to the
Russian navy, the occupation of Korea without a strug
gle, the landing of Japanese troops upon the shores of
Manchuria. Still the pro-Russians urged that the world
should just wait until the Russian soldier got into action.
He has done so. has been terribly beaten on the Yalu
and on the Liaotung peninsula, and the Russian strong
hold in the East is about to fall from his hands.
All this has struck home to the Czar and his people.
All vaunted might and terrible strength conjured up by
fear about the grim shadow of the great Slav empire is
being shredded away by the bayonet strokes of the Jap
anese. Russia turns her eyes to her ally, France; France
leans nearer to the Dover cliffs than to the Neva's
banks. To Germany Russia looks; Kaiser Wilhelm,
never raises his eyes from his knitting now. A great fear
strikes home to the Russian heart. The road to St.
Petersburg, like the road to Moscow nearly a hundred
years ago. is hedged withfdefenses.
GUARDING ST. PETERSBURG.
by the pretense that through the agen
cy of spirits he could secure for them -a.
concealed treasure, -inen he disap
peared.
He was soor. depleting the pockets of
the people in several of the Southern
States by similar means. Under the
name of William Rice, with two con
federates, he reaped a rich harvest by
operating various schemes in Adams
County, Pennsylvania, making oft with
a considerable cum yielded by his con
fiding dupes.
It was soon after this, about 1800,
that he went to Exeter, bearing his true
name of Rainsford Rogers, which had
not acquired so bad an odor in Eastern
Xew England as in some other quar
ters.
In a short time he formed the ac
quaintance of a number of men of sub
stance in the town, who were found
sufficiently credulous to put entire faith
In him. To a dozen or more he con
fided his belief that a subterranean
treasure of great value existed in the
neighborhood which by his skill he
eoukl discover and appropriate to their
common benefit.
He repeatedly conducted them on
dark nights to out of the way places to
dig in the swamps with spades and
other implements, and frequently kept
them at work for hours delving for the
hidden prize. On these, expeditions he
insisted that all must wear white caps,
a circumstance that afterward gave
the name to the company.
On one of these night excursions there
appeared before the eyes of the awe-
Ftricken diggers a figure all in white,
representing a spirit, which uttered
tome words that none could under
stand. One "whitecap." anxious to
lope nothing, said: "A little louder, Mr.
Ghopt; I'm rather hard of hearing."
But the diligent diggers found no
treasure, and goon Rogers disclosed the
reason for 1 their want of success. The
golden deposit was there, beyond a
doubt, but they needed one thing more
to enable them to find it. That was a
particular kind of divining rod. It
must be made of costly materials, but
it would be infallible. It could not be
obtained this side of Philadelphia, and
would cost several hundred dollars.
So in/atuated were the deluded com
pany that they quickly raised the nec
essary amount and delivered it to Rog
ers, who mounted his horse, and, with
a saddle and bridle borrowed from one
of his dupes, rode oft to parts unknown,
never to return.
The "whitecaps" had been watched,
in their clandestine me'etlngs, however,
and soon they were the laughing stock
of the town, and the deaf man who
asked the ghost to "speak a little loud
er" never beard the last of his speech.
The whole company fell under the de-
Or sea! dividing lives that loved in
which was the first heard of the name.
— Boston Herald
Suing a Prince.
Prince Frederick Leopold of Prussia
has Just had a Judgment issued against
him by the Berlin courts In a suit
brought against him by his former
chief of the household, Baron von
Luck, and has been condemned to pay
the latter a pension of $3000 a year for
the remainder of his life. This is the
first occasion, I believe, of a Prince of
the reigning House of Prussia being
brought 'into court, and of having a
judgment rendered against him, and
the affair has attracted a good deal of
attention on the continent of Europe
just on that account. It would not
have been possible under the old laws,
but has been rendered so by the terms
of the new code, which is destined to
prove one of the principal memorials
of the present Emperor's reign. It is a
pity, however, that the case was ever
allowed to come Into court, for the
Prince is colossally rich and the sum
at stake was a relatively small one. ,
Moreover, Baron Luck had been for
many years an old and devoted servant
of the Prince and claimed, when forced
to sever his relations with the Prince,
a pension based on the whole time that
he had spent in the Prince's service,
whereas Frederick Leopold was only
inclined to rate his pension upon the
relatively brief period that he had
acted as grand master of his house
hold. Emperor "William declined to in
terfere, it being, however, generally
understood that he sympathized with
the Baron, and thus It is that the
courts have been called upon to deter
mine the issue, settling it, as I have
stated above, against the Prince and in
favor of the Baron.— La Marquise de
Fontenoy.
BUSINESS conditions showed some : change last
week. While quotations as a rule exhibited little
iluc»iation, the feeling throughout the country
appeared firmer on the whole, with more optimism and
ineliraticn to do business. In these respects the aspect
of trade was better than for some weeks.
In ii«j part ot the country was this improved feeling
more manifest than in Wall street. While trading con-
Uf.ued light, there was no selling pressure nor even any
pronounced tendency to liquidate, and, in fact, the pro
fessionals were not inclined to sell anything bearing a
standard brand. A better demand for good bonds was
apparent, and as a demand for bonds is almost invariably
followed by a better demand for the higher class of
dividend-paying stocks, the street became more buoyant.
Some well posted operators even went so far as to ex
press the opinion that a moderate rally in the market
might be expected after the two political conventions
were out of the way, though the wish might have been
father to the thought.
The fact is, everybody seems to want a rise in stocks.
There are few bears, while the bulls are numerous. But
nothing can be done in the way of a bull campaign with
out the active participation of the public, which still
hold aloof and cannot be induced to .buy on a large
scale. They watch the quotations day after day and are
apparently deeply interested, but they take it out in
watching, as the fox watched the grapes. Astute ob
servers in close touch with the stock market said a year
ago that the public had sunk more money in Wall street
tha/i anybody was aware of and that it would be several
years ere their pockets would be replenished to the
speculative capacity, and it looks as if their predictions
wore coming out true. At any rate, while good stocks are
unquestionably low and money is wonderfully plentiful
and cheap and readily accessible to solvent .borrowers,
and the leading financiers are employing all their blan
dishments to induce the investing class to take hold of
the market, they are turning a deaf ear to the siren song
and staying out of the arena.
The leading factor at present is the condition of the
crops. In fact, it is freely said that they will dominate
all trade conditions this year, as the effect of the "Presi
dential year" has been largely discounted. Prospects
for a bounteous yield of everything are excellent, and it
is probably this condition which imparts increased con
fidence to the commercial situation. Wheat, cotton and
corn bid fair to be very large crops, and the minor prod
ucts of the farm are not behind them, though th£ season
is several weeks backward.
Gold exports have apparently ceased for tire time
being, at least, and as receipts of Japanese gold at San
Francisco are again offsetting the shipments of gold
from New York to Europe, and, indeed, exceeding them
at the moment, no more talk of the unfavorable effects
of a gold efflux is heard. The New York banks say that
with the regular production of the country, the receipts
from Japan and the Klondike, reinforced later on by
cotton and grain bills on Europe, combined with the
stock' now on hand, which in itself is abundant, there
need be no apprehension concerning gold exports from
now on.
Another favorable showing which is attracting con
siderable attention is the increase in exports of manu
factures from the United States, our shipments of manu
factured iron alone during the past ten months amount
ing to $89,000,000, or almost $10,000,000 more' than during
the corresponding' period last year. And this in spite of
the great falling off in the domestic demand for iron and
steel, which has done so much to depress stocks and
general trade and make the country bilious. It is quite
possible that if the vast steel combine had been managed
by conservative business men instead of a set of madcaps
and reckless plungers, who apparently labored under the
delusion that gold double eagles grew on bush.es like
blackberries and that, the crop was inexhaustible, the
current recession in trade might have been much less
marked and perhaps avoided altogether. Ten years from
now, when perspective gives us a broader and more com
prehensive view of this era, it will probably be found
that the iron and steel trust was the great rank weed,
the upas tree, that grew up in the financial and com
mercial garden and blighted all the cultivated plants in
the plat.
For the rest, business is quiet and devoid of especial
feature. R. G. Dun &. Co. report that the cost of living
has continued to decrease without interruption since
March 1. Stocks of food products and manufactured
goods have largely increased and are 'still increasing.
The markets of the West are full of provisions, and it
has been found, after many years' observation, that com
mercial inactivity is almost always preceded by a heavily
supplied and declining provision market, and vice versa.
The demand for cash wheat at Chicago and other West
ern points is extremely slow. The Minneapolis flour mills
found it necessary to close down several days last week
owing to the poor demand for flour. The textile mills
of Pennsylvania and New Jersey have lately been obliged
to do the same, and tor the same reason. The New
England footwear factories alone reported a fair demand
for their product. No further reductions in the staffs of
the great railways were reported, but all the railroads
arc retrenching, and their earnings continue to show a
small -decrease, say 2 or 3 per cent/ from the preceding
year.
i A significant commercial sign is the readiness with
which employers of labor find men to fill the places of
strikers. This has not been the case until quite recently,
and it goes" to show the, decreased activity in general
business. As such it is a most significant barometer to
current conditions. "I'
Turning from the country at large to the Pacific Coast,
we find conditions fully as cheerful as they have been at
«ny time. There is the same steady influx of home
seekers, the same cutting up of large land holdings to
accommodate these immigrants, the same plethora of
money, the same fine crop prospects, the same large
export and interior trade, the. same broad and sanguine
commercial smile. True, business is. quieter than last
year at this time, but then thisis the case all over the
United States, and we cannot expect to completely ig
nore nor to be immune from influences- that govern the
rest of the country. Besides, this is summer, when trade
is always more or less quiet.
The bank clearings of the country last week were 14.J
per cent below those for the corresponding, week last
year, but the clearings, themselves were larger than for
the preceding week by $200,000,000, being in round num
bers $1,779,420,000. The failures for the week were 227,
against 215 last year, 'and included none of note.
prevent a repetition of the crime, and yet the law
seeks to protect even pet dogs that may be sought as
victims by designing and malicious persons. Legisla
tion framed to give children at least equal protection
would be welcomed as encouraging.
A MORE ANIMATED ASPECT.
THE SAN FRANGI'SGO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .... .¦/. . . /Address All Commtmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
i S^S^^^T~T. .... ~~.. .:.:. ~~T~T~f^T~^ii5»l and Market Streets, S. F.
' MONDAyT.'.T.: ¦.¦.........:¦...... •••• v "" JUNE 13, I9Q4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, TUNE- 13, 1904.
Occasionally a girl marries a man
Just to keep him from hanging around
the house evenings. .
Two children in this city ate pills recently that had
been thrown as samples on doorsteps, and death in ter
rible agony soon followed. Nothing has. been done to
The voice of Russell Sage has been heard again in
the land this time in characteristic antagonism to the
custom of granting short annual vacations to men and
wom'en who labor. Sage says he never took a vacation
in his whole career. He should not say so in boast, for
in the very nature of events he will soon close his career
with a vacation that will have no end.
THE BALDWIN HOTEL— S., City.
The Baldwin Hotel in San Francisco
that was destroyed by fire in 1S98. was
a six-story building that contained 495
rooms. It was what is known among
builders as a frame building withJn a
brick shell. The top of the dome was
168 feet above the line of the sidewalk.
It had a frontage of 1S5 feet on Market
street. 25 on Eddy, 275 on Powell and
ISo on Ellis. These are the dimensions
of the new Flood building, ground
measurement.
This week sen. eyeglasses. 15c-50c. 79
4th »t. front Key's Cel. Oyster House. "
Service for others is the solvent of
our own sorrow.
Townsend's Caltrornla Glace fruits t.i
artistic nre-etched boxes. 715 Market st. #
6
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESJ. A. Montgomery, proprietor of a
lodging-house at 106 Eddy street was
r rested late Saturday night and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon.
Walter C. Howard, a porter, has been
living there ever since March and on
Saturday night he took three friends
to his room. Montgomery overheard
Howard saj\ "This is not a respectable
house." When Howard and his
friends were leaving, Montgomery, it Is
alleged, struck Howard and W. Jensen
on the head with a club.
Landlord Uses a Club.
c»_ Luke's Battalion and friends at Mont*
Rio among the redwoods of the Russian River,
en Bunker HK1 day. June 17. Train departs
at 743 a m. 'Saussllto ferry). Return at 7:^3
P . m. Round trip »2. Pmttest ride In Cali
fornia. Tickets and Information at 626 Market
sti-et-
Brinker Hill Day.
Mrs. Elizabeth Kemnitzer has re
turned to this city from a short' visit
to her sister, Mrs. Frank Dixon of Sac
ramento.
• - • •
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Spink, accompa
nied by Miss Lillian Spink. have gone
to Grass Valley, where they will spend
their vacation and wuere Mr. Spink will
attend to his interests In mining, and
real estate.
Mrs. Marv Young and daughter of
111 Sixth avenue, Richmond, have gone
to Seattle. ,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Compte Jr. and
their little daughter are at their coun
try home at Woodslde for the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Jason are at the
Hotel Coronado. v;
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Scott.Jr. have
left for the World's Fair, to bo ab
sent two -months. On their return
home they will spend two weeks at
Tahoe.
Mrs. R. Rotenberg and her grand
daughter. Miss Gertrude M.«Cohn, have
returned from a five months' sojourn
in- Southern California.
Mrs. Otto Bendlx left recently for a
two months' trip to various points of
Interest In the East.
Mrs. N. P. Cole Jr. started East
recently on- a pleasure trip- with
her husband. The young couple in
tend to visit Yellowstone Park en
route, arriving at St. Louis by the mid
dle of the month. Mrs. Cole is a na
tive daughter and this will be her first
experience east of the Mississippi. She
expects to pay a visit to relatives in
the Empire State. '^QJiW,
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Zech Jr. will
leave for the East next week. On their
way they will visit the St. Louis Fair
and all the targe pities of the United
States.
Mr. Burr Noble, one of the oldest
clerks in the Quartermaster's Depart
ment. U. S. A., is at Lane Hospital,
having been compelled to undergo a
critical surgical operation.*
yan and Oak" streets, where they will
be at home Thursdays.
Mrs. H. TV. Bloom has returned from
the St. Louis Fair and taken apart
ments with her daughter, Mrg. F. E.
Manning, at the Bon Air, corner Stan-
Mr. and Mre. IL Bornstein of Victo
ria. B. C, are now in the city and
stopping with their daughter, Mrs. J
Sterling, at 1043% Valencia street.
Miss Mamie Daly, one of this season's
most charming debutantes, accompanied
by her fiance and chaperoned by Mr.
and Mrs. William Stadefeldt. will spend
a few weeks camping in the lumber
country of Plumas County."
• ?•;:-;•
Mr. and Mrs. Henry H. Netter and
their son. Morton, of Philadelphia, who
have been visiting here, left for South
ern California last Wednesday. Upon
their return they will immediately
journey East after their sojourn at St.
Louis.
Miss Inez Fancompri. daughter of
Mrs. A. Fancompri and granddaughter
of the Countess de la Roncierc, has
gone for a two months' trip to Nevada,
where she Is the guest of friends.
Miss Lau..: Frank and the Misses El
lerhorst of Berkeley are sojourning in
the Yosemlte Valley.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. J. Herrscher and family
have gone to their home in San Lean
dro, where they will spend most of the
summer. ,
Mr, and Mrs. Studzinski have re
turned from their fourteen , months'
trip through Europe and will be pleased
to see their friends at 1812 Bush street.
Mrs. A. Sieroty and baby cf Los An
geles are in the city, visiting Mrs. Sle
roty's parents at 216 Grove street-
Miss Alice E. "Wilson, daughter of the
Rev. Dr. and Mrs. Mardon D. Wilson,
left Tuesday morning for New Haven.
Conn., to visit relatives. Miss Wilson
will be gone eix months.
Mrs. Z. Scharlach and family have
moved to 3127 Washington street, where
they will receive their friends.
Mrs. Leo E. Cohn and Mrs. S. Ash
erson are residing at 910 O'Farrell
street.
Mrs. Gus Poullain and daughter Lou
ise are spending their summer vaca
tion at Stagg's. GuerneviJle.
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Radston and
family, who have been wintering in
Redlands since December, have left for
Coronado to spend the summer months.
Miss Inez R. Bauer, late of Fischer's
Theater of this city. Is now playing a
limited engagement with "Maid and
the Mummy" Company In Chicago.
* ¦ •
Dr. P. H. Flood leaves for Europe,
sailing on the Cedric June 15.
Mrs. J. L. Cerf of Ventura is visiting
Mrs. S. Weinshenk of 1415 Steiner street.
They will be at home Tuesday. June 14.
Personals.
President, P. Broderick: rice president. T.
Nolan: reccrdlng secretary. T. J. Christal:
flnancitl secretaries. Charles Willey and Rob
ert Shepston: treasurer. Father Kennedy:
music committee. Rev. Father Kennedy. Wil
liam J. Healy. Lawrence J. Dolan. R. W.
Gillocgley. Thomas H. Wise: press commtt
teo. T. J. Christal. R. S. Shepston. Charles
Willey. P J. McCormick. Dr. J. V. Hughes.
Hon. Thomas MoGulre and B. Bradley; games.
Taheara. nsanager — assistants. T. Nolan.- P.
A. Sullivan. P. Amrock. S. Bray. P. J. Mc-
Corra'.rk. T. Kane. T. J. Christal. T. Branson.
1». WarJ. William Healy, David Curttn. J. Mc-
Gushln McM.McDcnnelL M.E. Carroll: starters.
J. Broyer. D. Ryan and B. J. Cullom: timers.
John CuUjm. Rogtr McCarthy. P. J. Mahoney;
committee on distribution of tickets. C. Willey.
B C Lally A. S. McBrtde. E. P. Mahoney.
J Murray S. McNeil; committee on gate
prires R. Shepstoa. R. Coughlln. T. Kant. S.
Tiray 'j Murphy. J. Mullen. J. McFarland. E.
Powers. J. Kelterer. H. John-cn. J. Lally.
Hon. Thomas McGulre. J. P. Brannicke. P.
O'Ne'l. 1. Winn: ilirector of exsixises, Thomas
nrinson. assUtants. Tan F. Leahy. E. E. Sul
livan. Rich Roach. B. Ney. F. B. Caulfleld. H.
C Hess'.on John Lyman. P. Kilcoyne; Judges
of Jig and re*! dancing. Eugene W. CDonnell.
M. Di-ano. J. M. Burke. Thomas Brer.nan. M.
Fay: transportation and excursion commute*.
P J McCormlck (chairman and manager).
Cornelius Buckley. Dr. H. F. Fanning. Joseph
C Watts. Walter May, Maurice Powers. George
Hlmmelstes*. P. Rlley. M. Ash*. C. McDevltt
and James H. Rellly: reception comralttse. Hon.
Thimas McGuire (chairman). William J. Sul
livan. John Hayden. William Hurley. R. W.
Glllog'.ey. L. J. Dolan. P. Riley. M. Collonaa.
The general committee having In
charge the arrangements for St. Paul's
parish picnic met Saturday evening
and completed all preparations. The
picnic will be held next Wednesday.
June 13, at Sunset Park, Santa Cruz
Mountains. Trains will leave Third
and Townsend streets at 9:10 a. m.
and will stop at Twenty-fifth and Va
lencia streets and at Ocean View. The
annual family reunions and excursions
of St. Paul's parish have for many
years past been exceptionally success
ful and the committee this year ex
pects a much larger crowd than usual.
The following is a list of the officers:
General Committee Completes Ar
ranscments for Grand Ontinsr In
the Santa Cruz Mountain*.
Afc the Resorts.
ADAMS SPRINGS: From San Francisco—
Austin J. Morgan. Mrs. J. Morgan. May B.
Blythe. May Garwood. R. Hughes. C. H.
Westpbal. Georse C. Patterson. Mrs. C. Pat
terson. James Mearus, E. J. Coler, R. W.
Duff r. Mrs. U. Cousin. Mrs. W. H. Tarpey,
Mrs. C. L. Scboeumakers. E. G. Shefn>r. May
Gllien. M. WhlU. W. H. Camenson. J. H.
Kraft. Mrs. F. Nnsel, E. H. Hall, George Suhr,
Mrs . O. Suhr, Mrs. C Blender and son, Rob-
HOTEL F.L CARMELO— E. T. Wills. Bessie
Ccnlch. Miss E. M. Conlrh. J. C. Foster, Mrs.
Luen Cehn. Mrs. Sophie H. Harris, J. A.
Heuner M'.ss M. Mocmick. Mrs. Jack Marley.
R G 'l«.>whall. H. F. Falrweather. J. W.
gween»y Jaaics nyme. A. O. Hennlsch. J. M.
Pllrhfl'ld and fsmtty. E. J. Brown. G. E.
KaMscheer. F. J. Maek>«sel. H. r Kalzhan.
E. J Jackwn. Hariand M. Jones. W. A. Hunt
and 'wife Sanfcrd WoUe. J. A. Rothchlld,
Sari FrancUoo: L. D. Miller and wire. Minne
sota- Mr* E. B. Taylcr, Mr. and Mrs. J. M.
IrvUs William Kerr and wife. Chicago:
Charts F. Rice. Miss Laura O. Rice, W. T.
Richardson and wife. Springfield. Mass.: S. F.
fphann and wife. Madison. N*. S.; C. \.
Triaracr and wife. Plat tsburg. N. J.; E. P.
Stephens C. Z. Lincoln and wife. Albany, N.
Y • Edwin Geurge. Dalton. Ma**.: W. H.
Starry and wife. North Adams. Mass.: A. F.
Hern and wife. De Kalb. III.: M. M. Call-n and
wife. Kalamaxoo. Mich.: E. M Hall Jr.. and
wife W Haven*, wife and children. Miss E.
Rich Oakland: Mrs. J. Truesdale. Los Angeles:
V L Kellogg. Professor D. F. Gilbert. Stan
ford Cniverslty: C. N. Hawkins. HollUter:
Richard Crow. Iolldad; Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Van Vnde. Sacramento: Mr. and Mrs. Robert
E KIrkwood. Mountain View: Mr. and Mrs. Dr.
A Feuger Pasadena: Mrs. E. Sharp. Miss Sharp.
Helena Mont. : ' Mrs. I. N. Loveland. Boston.
Ma«s - D. M. Wood and wife. W. E. Carpenter
and wife Valparaiso. Ind. ; John A. Maxwell
and wife. South Bend. InS. : Mr. and Mrs.
Hirlty Barnes. ParTlsville. Ohio; V. 1. Ward
and wife. Fall River. Mase.: S. Earle Taylor
and wife. .U. Scott Curtis. New York; H.
Roerrer and wife. Milwaukee. Win.; Miss Alice
M Re»J. Mru. Joel H.'Reed. Stafford Snrings:
mUs Mary L. Metzg— . Grtenetounr. Pa.: I.
Hyroan San Francisco: Ml*a Lena Lebns." Los
Angeles: W. M. Salat and. wife. Rich H. Grey.
San Francisco: Rich Crow, San Lais Oblspo:
Mr and Mrs. Kincham. Hasnlnr. Errglau:
Mre Spencor Bailey. Mrs. Lais Boll. Gartner
Bull. Buffalo; Miss Blade, Erie, Pa.; Carolina
RIVERSIDE HOTEL: Frcm San Fran
clsoo—Mrs. A. Stein. Herbert Stein. Mrs. J.
Klrschner. Miss Gertrude Klrschner. Miss
Stella Kirschner. T. P. Wilson asd wife.
From Berkeley— Clark. H. Congdon. Mrs. L. H.
Congdon. From Louisville. Kj. — A. B. David
son. From Chicago. 111.— Mrs. C. H. Seaman.
From PotisvUle. Pa.— H. E. Wilson and wife.
II. Scharadl. From Sunbory. Pa — J. C. Knlt
tle and wife. From Susfjuehanna. Pa. — W. H.
McCar.non and wife. From Binghamton It
Y —Mrs. A. MlHard. From Wllkesbarre. Pa_
W H. McDonnell nnd wife. Miss McDonnell.
From Fort Worth. Tex.— W. B. Sharp and
wife. From Rushvtlle. Ind— Miss Harris.
From Santa Cruz— Mrs. William Adelotte.
From Bculder Creek— Mr*. William Paffln.
From Princeton. N. J.— Mrs. J. P. Matthews.
HOTEL DEL MAR: From San Rafael —
Judge J. Hayden, Mrs. J. Ifayden. J. E. Hay
den. Edward A. Hayden. Robert . Hayden.
Charles H. Hayden. From San Joaquin — Miss
M G Driscoll. Frcra Alameda— Miss C. Mc-
Kee. From San Jos?— Miss A. O'Dwyer. From
Pan Francisco — James J. Klrhy. From Santa
Craz Mrs. Stanton. From Santa Clara — Miss
Rita Toung, Mrs. McCobern. Mrs. Collins.
THE GETSERS: From San Francisco —
Mr. and Mrs. James Brown.' Mrs. George W.
Ads. Mrs. C. H. F«ir«r. H. Sacry. Mrs. James
Flood and children. Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Mar
riott. S. T. Danzlegor. George Mldhurst, Lin
nlan TlndalU Mr. and Mrs. James Otis. Cora
Mcrrts Otis. Frcdrica M. Otis. W. M. Burnop
and wife, B. B. (Jalland. H. J. Brexner, James
J Shea, J. X. Strand and wife. V. J. Dono
van. C. E. Hull. T. Long. D. T. Vance. E. H.
Reipenrer, M. M. Ltchensteln and wlte. Miss
Lucy call, ills? Emma Call. Theodore Luthy,
A. J. Hearst. Frank B. Sullivan, John J. Mc-
Naughton. Joseph Fruchth. Arthur Llebscher.
Emily Wales. Josephine Clarke, Mary T. Clark,
Jamts Layden. M. T. Welch. Warren King.
Ray Jacobs and Julian Rosenberg. y
From Cloverdale — Miss Alice YordI, H." H.
Elliot. Mr and Mm. Carl YordI. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles K.'. Browcr, Mattte EJllott, Ethel Lyle.
Walter Broderlcb, Hiram Casey. Jack Meni
han, Marion Chase, B«ss Graham. Elaine WU-
Kn, Margaret Menlhan. Anita Curtis, Adeia
Sink. Masgle Dunn. Edith Cooley. Alice Por
terneld. T. B. Thompson. A. B. Thompson.
Neal Moody. Elizabeth Lewis. S. G. Allen and
E. M. Shelford.
From s=an Rafael— Mrs. D. Hearfleld and
family, Alda Duffy and Lydla Pfaff. From
New York— Mr. and Mrs. J. Callahan. Miss I.
Powell. From Petaluma— R. H. Walte. From
Grant— J. Hattlck. From Novato — Mrs. Paul
E. Lepoids and Lillian Lepoids. From Santa
Rcsa — A. V. McNab. From Monte Vista —
Mr*. Hildreth. From Highlands — Harry Pal
mer. From Oakland— P. H. Klnard and wiie
and F. J- Wallace. From Vallejo— N. P.
Hoffman. From Nara— Mr. and Mrs. M.tji
asse and son. From Boston. Mass.— Miss
Mabel Bowers. From Preston— Miss Pho«b«
Bowers and Mr. r.r.d Mrs. H. A. Bowers.
ert F. Donahae. W. J. Coroelt, B. G. Mc-
Manus J. D. Pcllivan. Conrad Fiber. J. H.
lVx>ley. R Cane. Luis Haake. H. A. Haake.
C Rotholz, Mrs. Rotholn and family. L.
Crumb F. D. Gankell, H. Goetjen and wife,
Fre-nk Joseph. E. Regensburg. Mrs. Becker,
Mz.y Elberlinir. R. G. Pkatr. A. B. Truman.
Mrs.. A B. Truman. Mr. Burk. Mr. Walker.
C. Heron. W. Colbert. Bert Cane. Dr. Jones,
Dr. Pierce. F. Foley, Mr. Keyes. George
Parker Misa Ida Cronan. H. Ahlers. Mrs. H.
Ahlers and fon. Harry Ahlers. John Freltas,
R H. Freitas. R. H. Sawyer. Miss Miller. H.
H Lun.«main From Oakland — J. B. Baker.
Mr. Miner. Mr. Tame, M. Stepaea
con. A. Clark. A. Wagner. Eugene
E Meyer F. J. Wollace. D. Heagerty.
W. C. White. R. Stephenson. H. Ferguson. T.
P.aker May Parraer. Miss Amy Jones. Hal^h
Crumb. Daisy Crumb, Captain Walker. Captain
Davis. Geonre Johnson. £ P« rker -
From Los Anrcles — P. J. Cook. Frank Moiles.
Nash W Spiers Mr. Keller. P. Cannon. M. C.
Italley, J. Dclan. W. H. Parker. Mable Wh?ar.
Miss Lucy Cane, George White. George
Stage Mao* Camron. Llllle Field. From
Sacramento— P. J. Cook. Frank Molle*.
T H Moiles. P. F. Thompson. J. Thorern. R.
P Palmer E. D Jackson, Mr. H»nery. P. J.
H«nenscn. ' L. H. Sears. John Cleary. Miss
Hayes, Mi»s Keyes. Miss Doran,
George Pine. Frank Clark H T. Steel,.
From Stcckton — Charles E. Caldwell. W.
Chase. D. H. Gale. Ralph Gulna, Charles
Guir.a. Jim Gulna, John Foley. James Gates,
Na.«h Baker, Jerry Denehey.
ST. PAUL'S PARISH PICNIC
TO DE A GREAT SUCCESS
Mr. and Mrs. Fishbeck. at their home
on Valencia street, entertained a num
ber of friends Thursday evening In
honor of Frederick Schneider of
Last Wednesday evening Dr. and
Mrs. W. E.' Smith celebrated at their
home, 666 Grove street, the fortieth an
niversary of their wedding, which took
place In New York City. The residence
of the happy couple was graced by the
presence of a number of friends, whose
floral gifts filled the rooms. During
the evening, under the direction of Mr.
A. A. Batkln, who presided at the pi
ano, L. A. Larsen and Dr. R. W. Smith
sans solos which delighted the com
pany. These vocalists are members of
th* Temple Quartet of California Com
mandery. No. L Knights Templar. Mr.
Charles Marias, whose lectures in
French and English on Masonic topics
are models of style, nave the toasts of
the evening and by his winsome man
ner drew out Professor Franklin 0*Don
nell of Berkeley, of the Deaf and Dumb
Asylum, who gave an interesting
sketch of how deaf mutes are taught
end enriched his edifying talk with
Illustrations as to the proficiency of
their pupils. An enjoyable collation
was served.
A very enjoyable affair was tho cele
bration of the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the marriage of Mr. and Mrs. C.
Lud'.n Friday evening, June 3. at their
home. 714 O'Farrell street. The house
was artistirclly decorated throughout
with American beauty rcses and
smilax. A musical programme was
enjoyed by m-.ny friends and relatives,
after which an elaborate supper was
served in the adjoining rooms. Dancing
was enjoyed until early morn. Among
those present were Mrs. T. Hlldebrandt.
Mrs. S. Hlldebrandt, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Staude, Mr. and Mrs. E. Jenfien, Mr.
and Mrs. G. Hlldebrandt. Mrs. Lang
mare, Mrs. C. H. Hlldebrandt. Mr. and
Mrs. Nellsen of Novato. Mr. and Mrs.
C. Hubenrauch, Mr. and Mrs, J. Bird
of Alameda, Mr. and Mrs. Sermanet of
Sacramento, Mr. ar.d Mre. W. Lafrenze.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Kelb. Mrs. Ratz, Mr.
and Mrs. Baker. Mr. and Mrs. Ropier,
Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, Mrs. McQualre,
Mr. and Mrs. Walter.
A delightful afternoon was given by
Mls» Gecevieve Sullivan at her home.
€32 Page street, last Wednesday In
honor of Miss Marie Adam, whose en
gagement to Clarence Musto has Just
been announced.
Miss Valerie Tuska was given a
pleasant surprise party June 4 at her
residence, 3210 Washington street, on
her return from the East. Her beauti
ful home was tastefully decorated
with greens. The evening was pleas
antly spent with music, dancing and
games and prizes were awarded.
Covers were laid for twenty-four.
Those present were Misses Rose Good
man. Isabelle Schloss, Err.a Behrendt,
Rebecca Selig, Estelle Baron. Elsie
Davis. Florence Kirshberg. Hazel
Packscher. Florence Baron. Claire
Brandenstein. Ruth Nathan, Valarie
Tuska. Harold Getz. Edgar Schwa
bacher, George Frank, Joseph Good
man. Alvin Behrendt. Harold Fraser,
Walter Flatow. Cameron Fraser. Josef
Stark, Jay Hammerschlag, Haroid
Selljr, Raymond Selig. Mr. and Mrs. W.
J. Tuska and Mr*. L. C. Fraser.
A farewell surprise party was given
to Matais Garcia at his home, 2725
Jackson street, Saturday evening.
These present were MlBses Rose and
Luise Burgh. Gertrude and Corinne
Plumbe, Mary Manseau. Olive Heffer
man. Sadie Schwartz. Ida and Hazel
Watson a.iJ Lela Dinklage, and Messrs
Garcia, Pikz. Hefferman. Deutsch, L.
and S. Mata. Burgh. Redmond, Coulter
and Canalizo.
On June 4, a party was given to
Frank Morse of 506 Ninth street by his
frier.ds, Mrs. Morse and Mrs. Meyer
receiving the young people. Among
the guests were Irene Moriarty. Annie
Greene. Florence Brenzel, Helen Sing
leto-n, Annie Hagstrom, Olive Gagan,
Ethel Hagraen, Lillian White, Bert
bott. Edward McLaughlln. Edwin and
Ralph Moriarity. Elemore Hutchinson,
George Markey, Leonard and George
Morse.
A delightful evening garden party
was given by Mr. W. H. Holt, organist
of Grace Church. San Francisco, and
Mrs. HcHt at their Berkeley home.
Victoria Lodge. Scenic Park, Saturday.
June 4. As a mark of esteem for
Organist Holt all the Grace Church
choir went over to Berkeley and ser
endaded Mr. and Mrs. Holt and Miss
Edith G. Holt. The garden. ' which
stretches far down to the great oaks
of the park had been strung with lant
erns by Cyril E. Holt and when the
liphts were lit they gave a fairy-land
effect to the beautiful grounds. Supper
was served in the garden beneath the
trees and as the night was Ideal the
whole affair was delightrully unique.
After supper the party retired to- the
drawing room, which was profusely
decked with American and English
flags, and vocal and Instrumental
music was enjoyed for some hours.
Among those that partook of Mr. and
Mrs. Holt's lavi'sh hospitality were Mr.
and Mrs. Homer Henley. Mr. and Mrs.
Goetting 1 . Mr. and Mrs. Lt-npbotham.
Mr. and Mrs. Berrlil. Mr. ar.d Mrs.
Glasson. Mr. and Mrs. Tressider, Mr.
and Mrs. MacMurray. Mrs. Perkins,
Miss Boyle. Miss Fossey, Miss Nomana.
Mrs. Fredericks. Mrs. Wlsby and
Messrs Smith; Theis, Fossey. Boyle,
Parent and Moore.
Home Parties;.
Arrangements — J. D. Condon (chairman). T.
M. Searey. secretary; John Mulhern. treas
urer; M. Merigran, P. H. Flynn. William Hud
¦cn P. J. Crowe. John Kenney. P. J. Rey
nolds. M. Donahue, J. M&boney, E. P. Ilcgan,
B. J. Silver, J. B. Hagerty, Jere Deasy, J.
J. Canniffe, J. H. >Jct3inney, J. P. Hare. T.
F. -Alford. TMnier Fltspatrick. John Geney.
Thomas O'Connor. T. J. Mellott. R. C. O'Con
ncr. T. P. O'Dowd. M. J. Ryan. Mrs. N. Mc-
Ke.van. Miss J. Dillon. Mies Emily Doyle. Miss
Annie Deasy. Mis« Agnes Tlerney. Miss Agnes
Barrett. Miss Mollle Lynch. Miss Nora Mc-
Carthy. ' •
Reception — Thomas F. McGrath (chairman),
St. P. M. A. A. of California: M. J. Ryan.
Unity Alliance: Frank O'Brien, Harmony Al
liance; John Mulherc. Knlghta ot St. Patrick;
M. J. Moran. County Ivitrim Social Club:
Jchn Dcvaney, T. F. and D. Club; Thomas
O'Connor, O'Growney Branch; P. Mannlon. Dr.
Henebry Branch (Gaelic Leagus); Mrs. James
Wren. Martha Washington Division No. 1:
Miss W. Higgir.s. Columbia No. Z; Mrs. John
Kya.ll. Yorke No. 3; Mrs. K. Hullng, Robert
Kmmett No. 4: Ml-<s K. O'Brien. No. 5: MIc»
K. Fllnn. Gran-u-Alle No. 6 <Ladles* Auxil
iary A. O. H.): James Smith. Division No. 2;
James Bums. No. 3; R. J. Curtln. No. 3: T.
J. Norton, No. 6; James McLaughlln, No. ";
M. Fltteerald, No. £; J. C. Daly, No. 9; M.
Donohue. No. 10; D. Fltzpatrlck. No. 11;
James Cox. No. 12: D. E. Collins. No. 14; B..
n Mohoney. No. 17: J. B. Hagerty. No. 20
(A. O. H. In A.).
Floor — P. J. Crowe (floor manager). E. P.
Hogan (assistant). M. J. Hessian. Junes Mc-
Donald. T. L. Mahany. Frank McOee. James
Kelly. R. W. Condon. P. Tamony, Mi*s Norah
McCarthy. Mlw Moltle Lynch. Miss Agnes
Barrett. Miss Agnes Tlfrney.
To the efforts of the following com
mittees is due the credit for the suc
cess of the affair:
St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance Association of
California; Knights of St. Patrick; Knights cf
Tara; Harmony Alliance. St. Patrick's Alli
ance of America: Unity Alliance, St. Patrlck"s
Alliance of America: Knights of the ReU
Branch: Martha Washington Division. Ladles'
Auxiliary. A. O. H.; Columbia Division. La
dies' Auxiliary. A. O. H.: County Lettrim So
cial Club; O'Growney Branch, Gaelic League;
Division Xo. 3. A. O. H. ; Division No. 10, A.
O. H.: Division No. 12. A. O. H.; Gaelic
Dancir-s Club.
At the conclusion of the out-of-door
ccntests dancing was resumed In the
lerge pavilion until 7 o'clock, when all
bearded the last boat for home, after
spending a most enjoyable outing at
Marln County's popular resort.
The Celtic Union, with Jeremiah
Deasy as Its president, is an affiliation
of the following Irish societies:
Hundreds of- picnickers crossed the
bay to El Calripo yesterday and en-
Joyed the "-annual Irish festival given
under tho auspices of the Celtic Union,
a federation of the various Irish so
cieties of San Francisco.
The day was an ideal one for such
an occasion and added materially tu
the success of the affair. Many lounged
on the hillside in the shade of the
oaks, while others made merry danc
ing, boating or competing for the long
array of prizes awarded In the various
athletic games.
The Irish step dancing was a source
of great amusement and many entered
the spirited contest, which covered u
variety of steps, including the hornpipe
and jig and the reel and jig. Professor
Cumminefs of the Pipers' Club lur
nished the music and Messrs. J. J.
Cannlffe and T. J. Mellott officiated as
judges.
A junior barge contest in the morn
ing, between crews of the Dolphin,
Ariel and South End Rowing clubs,
ended with the Ariels in the lead and
the South Ends a close second. In the
afternoon a second race was held,
crews from the South Ends and Dol
phins entering. The former took the
lead from the start and captured the
trophy in a handy fashion.
Juiiior Barge Contest aud
Other Athletic Events
Hold Interest of Throng
A very interesting wedding was cele
brated in Mission San Jose on June fe,
Trhen MSss Florence Peters became the
bride of A. L. Sunderer. St. Joseph's
Church was handsomely decorated for
the occasion with ferns, palms, white
sweet r>eas and St. Joseph lilies.
Promptly at 11 o'clock, to the strains of
the wedding march from •'Lohengrin."
the bridal party entered the church.
It vas led by Miss Frances Peters, who
a gown of white etamlne and car
ried white carnations. She was fol
lowed by the bridesmaid. Miss Rose
Sunderer. who was attired in white
ErypUan crepe de chine and carried
whit* carnations. Th<? bride, who en
tered last on the arm of her father.
]<">oked charming in a handsome gown
of white crer>e de chine over white silk
end elaborately trimmed with rare lace.
She carried Bride roses. At the altar
the bridal party was met by the groom
end his attendant. Dr. H. C. Peters,
and the Rev. Father Doran. who per-
Mr. and Mrs. William B. Huff an
nounc* the marriage of their daughter.
Evelyn Blanche, to George Harrison
l«o»e;i on Wednesday evening. June »,
at their home. 2203 Webster street.
After a short trip through the south
Mr. ar.d Mrs. Lowell will reside in this
The marriage of Miss Cecilia Pechner
and Henry L. Klein of L<*s Angeles will
take place Sunday. June 19, at the resi
dence cf the bride's sister. Mrs. L. H.
Levy. 1257 Clay street.
• • •
On June 5 Miss Cecilia M. Wilson be
came the bride cf Isidor Harris of Val
lejo. At the reception following the
uedding the father of the groom, as
sisted by Mr KoenigEberg. danced tht:
crigln&l Russian kasotsky. The young
people are spending their honeymoon al
Napa.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Duehark an
nounce the marriage of their daugh
ter. Florence Chester Duehark. to
Oscar Rudolph Gleason. The wedding
took place on June 4 at the present
residence of the bride's parents in We
l^tka, I. T.
The wedding of Miss Belle Cohn and
B. L. Marks took place last Wednesday
st the residence of the bride's mother,
ITS 4 O'Farrel! street.
On Wednesday evening. May 25,
Miss Madeline Hoey, a student at
Berkeley, became the bride of Mer
ritt A. Cutten at the home of her
parents. Mr. and Mrs. John Hoy, 1315
Devisadero street. It was a very pretty
affair. The decoration* were in pink
roses and carnations. The bride was
handsomely gowned in white panne
4 repe. trimmed with lace, and the veil
oraa caught with real orange blossoms.
Her eister. Eugenia, acted as maid of
honor and was attired in pink peau
de crepe and picture hat. She carried
a shower bouquet of maidenhair ferns.
The groom was attended by Charles
Hoey. brother of the bride. To com
plete the bridal party were Marie and
Rulof Cutten, niece and nephew of the
groom, acting as ribbon-bearers. The
Hev. Father McGinty officiated. The
happy young couple left next evening
for British Columbia on their bridal
trip.
Wedding*.
DAXCIXG IS A FEATDKE
Irish Festival
Hundreds of Pleasure
Seekers to El Caiupo
The sixth biennial having passed into
history, the qulnquinnlal convention in
Berlin now holds the stage of feminine
activities. From all accounts a merry
stssion must be In progress, for the
primal fight of suffrage was waged
furiously In preliminary committee
meetings before the formal convening
oT the convention. Now, we all know
what a merry chatter the clubwomen
can make in one tongue — what must it
be in a half-dozen? What a headache
for the gallery!
AVhile there are delegates present
from nearly all the civilized countries
where women have ceased "to be put
upon," as Mrs. Claudle used to say,
the recognized languages for public ex
pression at the convention are German
and English. Now, even in our own
land, the rock upon which clubwomen
split is the reef of suffrage. And while
It is true that in all clubs, civic, social
or cultural, women are found who
stanchly support the brave leaders in the
cause of equal rights, yet their convic
tions are not publicly discussed in the
club — lest indeed it be a suffrage club,
and of- these there are many in San
Francisco, due in a great measure to
the indomitable energy of Mrs. Eliz
abeth Sargent, Mrs. A. Sperry and Mrs.
John F. Swift. S/> It Is not to be won
dered at that the women of Germany,
who have for centuries been house
bound, should be panic-stricken when
confronted with the suffrage proposi
tion. What would their husbands say?
Yes, and their sons? Why, In the face
of the Emperor's promulgation of
women's limitations, mlgnt these fool
hardy women not be yanked up for lese
majesty? And so the merry war was
on, the suffragists led by Miss Anita
Ausberg, and the conservatives by Miss
Helen Lange. Uupretty things were
said to each other In thoroughly human
style, until dear, saintly Susan B. An
thony arrived on the scene, and a truce
vas declared — for who could quarrel in
the presence of this woman In whom
forty years of struggles have wrought
a divine composure and a dominant
power for peace?
Doubtless this stirring discussion of
the relative rights of women will be the
The Century Club will doubtless be
housed under its own rooftree by the
coming of winter. The old house on
the corner of Franklin and Bush
streets, which the club recently pur
chased for J30.GOO. will be remodeled
The report falls to relate what Misa
Anthony said in reply, but It is a safe
assumption that the Inn keeper retreat
ed under heavy fire — that Is. if all the
victims of his cupidity were on the
firing line.
And. by the way. could anything be
mcrre distinctly funny than the telegra
phic story Involving Miss Susan B.
Anthony. Mrs. May Wright Sewall
(presiding officer of the International
Conventic-n). Mrs. Carrie Chapman
Catt, Mrs. Oilman. Dr. Anna Shaw)and
Mrs. John F. Swift In «m imbrdglio
with a wretch of a hotel-keeper— he of
the Palast Hotel— who presented to
each a convivial bill for beer, cham
pagne and other agencies of hilarity?
Now, if you know the personality of
these women, you can grasp the Joke.
In fact. Miss Anthony Is, as the whole
world knows, an indefatigable W. C. T.
U. woman, lut the boniface bravery
broke the news to her that she cad
ordered two cases of Pllsener sent to
her apartments, and he would )ike the
cash equivalent for the same.
Apropos of discussions outside of
suffrage, topics relating to educational
affairs, ethical, social and economic
subjects, and the arts and sciences will
bs handled by women who have become
Identified with the subjects at hand.
And, by the way. San Francisco has
sent an able delegate — Mrs. John F.
Swift, national president of the Coun
cil of Women, who may be relied upon
to say a few things in a manner that
will attract attention In that gathering
of 4000.
It Is said that even the Empress Is
an avowed enemy of the movement —
but perhaps the Empress, like a good
many of us timid women, agrees with
her lord for peace — sweet peace.
beginning of a stubborn campaign In
the German empire for suffrage, in
which the women will be reinforced
by the Socialist party— assuredly not by
the statesmen who look for royal
favors. O.U.
However, eoming on the heels of
this sanitary campaign, comes rather
a discouraging report from Ashburne,
Virginia, where Senator Stewart ot
Nevada has established a 600-acre
model dairy. Here cleanliness and
sanitary methods prevailed, but the
Senator failed to obtain a better price
for his product than the ordinary
dairyman, whose cows never got a
bath, and the statesman sold out. los
ing something like $100,000 in ths
deal. In discussing the affair the ven
erable apostle of free silver was heard
to remark that the public seemed "to
care Httle for a trifling detail like*
cleanliness" — those knowing the # Sen
ator being at liberty to supply the ad
jective.
And thus does it come to pass that
a famous statesman may make a poor
dairyman. V i s>
However, success to the Home Club!
Perhaps Oakland is keener to sanita
tion than the easy-going F. F. V.
At a recent meeting of the Adelphian
Club Mrs. Moore made a strong ap
peal to the club members and frlendu
in behalf of a sanitary dairy that Is
now in a nebulous state. If a suffi
cient number of subscribers for its
product be obtained, and the home
club is busily circulating subscription
blanks for that purpose, the project
will materialize at once.
At present student* are belcjr trained In th«
method* cf sanitary dairying In th« agricult
ural department of the university at Berke
ley. The mlli supplied by this model dairy
is mostly U3*d in farr.t'.les having sick or
delicate children, and Professor Jaffa report*
very satufaotcry results.
Tour committee believes that capital will b«
easily available, provided there caa t>» as
surance of customers willing to ray the ad
vanced price necessary to furnish sanitary
milk.
Several men. re'labU and of good -tan !:-*.
are ready to estab:!sh a dairy on strtetly saal
tary rrlnciplea if they can be assured of cus
tomers.
Apropos of the milk question, the
Home Club has appointed a committee
to consider the .possibilities of a sani
tary dairy. In a circular letter recently
Issued by the committee the following
statements are made:
Scientific men have carefully studWd t!»»
question of a healthful m'.'.k supply, and hav»
d-cl<led that the greatest source of. dis»as«
through milk has come tram its tmprojer car*.
Other cities have felt th» need of sanitary
dalxie* and have established them on a scien
tific basis.
Have vou heard of the new Home
Club in Oakland? Well, you will.
Though but two months old It is ui»
and doing all sorts of things, notably
the forcing of the "pure milk" cam
paign. The following is the Hst of of
ficers, each one of whom is o'erbrim
ming with enthusiasm: President, Miss
Ethel Moore; vice president. Mrs. "Wal
ter Welherbee: secretary and treasurer,
Mrs. E. C. Cocgan; directors — Mrs. Q.
A. Chase. Mra. E. C. Coogan. Mrs. T. L.
Barker. Mrs. J. R. Burnham. Mrs. A.
A. Moore. Mrs. Walter Mathews. Mm.
A. L. White. Mrs. George Wheaton and
Mrs. Pedar Sather.
That was a famously interesting
meeting of the Hillside Club held last
week In Berkeley, when an exhibition
of relics and heirlooms was given at
the Hillside schoolhouse. Now these In
teresting relics of the days agone were
contributed by seventy-five families,
and included tapestries, embroideries.
rare bits of china and pottery and som«
unique records. The exhibition was in
finitely more fascinating than an or
d'nary loan exhibition, as the element
of personal interest was infused Into
this affair of the Hillside Club, the
owners lingr-ring near the priceless
thingrs to tell their story. And therein
lay their greatest value. The following
committee, assisted by Charles Keelei,
arranged the affair: Mrs. William J.
Monro. Mrs. C. M. Perkins. Mrs. Joha
Galen Howard. Mrs. James M. Pierce.
Mrs. Almeric Coxhead and Mrs. Bricker.
What an indomitable combination
Is woman's energy and men's money!
A demonstration cf the result was
made manifest on the 4th. when the
San Rafael Women's Improvement
Club unfolded to the public Its "Pony
Show." These women set about to
help the crusade against the musi
cal insect that loves to buzz about San
Rafael In summertime, and they con
ceived the plan of giving a minature
Wild West show to help — just by way
of variety. How well it took, and how
bravely the men lined up under the
oaks to applaud and spend their dimes
and dollars is a matter of local history.
Thes»» women s Improvement clubs arc
doing splendid service In every town
In the State, but the men — the dear
men — are a necessary adjunct to their
successes. Here's to them!
after the fashion of the best Gotham
clubhouses, with an auditorium for
small affairs, which will be available
for hire. It is said that *20,000 will be
expended in the proposed work, the
funds to come from the issuance of
bonds, to be subscribed for by tho
members.
Last Friday evening at the Alameda
residence of Mrs. John Dickie there
was a quiet but joyful little gathering
to witness the marriage of Oscar T. Bar
ber, a well-known young attorney of
San Francisco, and Mrs. J. E. Johnson,
a charming and accomplished young
woman of Los Angeles. Rev. Mr. Hulme
of Trinity Church. San Francisco, per
formed the ceremony. The marriage
was a complete surprise to the numer
ous friends of the bridal couple, only
a few of the most intimate friends and
relatives having been told of the happy
eecret. Mr. and Mrs. Barber will re
side in Alameda until they build their
new home in San Francisco.
formed the ceremony. At the conclu
sion of the ceremony a reception was
held at the home of the bride in Irving
ton. The newly wedded couple received
the congratulations of their friends un
der a beautiful floral wedding beil.
which hung in a cozy spot
on the veranda. A wedding
breakfast was served on the lawn
under the shade of the large trees. The
couple were the recipients of a larg«
number of handsome presents of silver
ware, cut glass and articles of furni
ture. Mr. and Mrs. Sunderer left Irv
ington on the afternoon train and were
accompanied to Niles by a large party
of friends. After a honeymoon spent
at Lake Tahoe they will make their
home in San Francisco, where the
groom Is engaged in business.
Mrs. J. A. Davis, president of the
Golden Gate Club of the International
Sunshine Society, recently entertained
the members at a reception in honor of
Mrs. E. A. Soderlund. president of the
North Star Club. The affair was very
Informal, but the memb <rs had a de
lightful time, and during the afternoon
many plans were discussed for the en
largement of sunshine work. Those
present besides the hostess and the
guests of honor were Mrs. G. GruniK,
Mrs. E. A. Soderlund. Mrs. A. Wahl
roos, Mrs. C. Anderson, Mrs. H. Alson.
Mrs. G. Wallen. Mrs. J. Nelson, Mrs.
J. Clark. Miss Ida Andersen, Miss
Gallagher.
The L'Allegro Club. '04, met at the
residence of Albert Buckley last Mon
day evening to make arrangements for
an automobile ride to Wild Cat Can
yon the latter part of June, a dance
in August and an evening at home In
September. The members are John
Tracy. W. Sullivan. Vincent E. Holland,
Jimes Ward, F. Holland. Albert Buck-
Icy. Edward Owens. Joseph Lennon,
Thomas Curran, Hugh McCaffrey,
George Monahan and George Lowney.
• • •
Bundles will be collected on notifica
tion on the following dates. 16th. 17th.
20th and 21st of June.
A rummage sale has been arranged
for the benefit of the San Francisco
Foundling Asylum and Hospital.
Friends of the following members of
the board are urgently asked to assist
by contributing eastoff articles:
Mrs. W. S. Bonner, Miss Emma
Chismere. Mrs. F. W. Clampett, Miss
Sophia Coleman. Mrs. H. J. Crocker,
Mrs. James Marvin Curtis. Mrs. Frank
Devlin. Mrs. John Elliott, Miss Katha
rine Felton. Mrs. W. S. Gage. Mrs. M.
L. Gerstle. Mrs. Andrew Griffin. Mrs.
W. K. Guthrle, Dr. Emily G. Harrison.
Mrs. Hunter Harrison, Mrs. William
Greer Harrison, Mrs. Isaac Hecht.
Mrs. Sherwood Hopkins, Mrs. Joseph
Hutchinson, Mrs. Rebecca Jennings-,
Mrs. E. O. Jelllnek. Mrs. Cora Klmball,
Mrs. G. L. Lansing. Dr. Lucia M.
Lanem. Mrs. Bradford Leavitt, Mrs.
George Leonard. Miss H. Leszynskl.
Mrs. H. W. Eewis, Miss Martin. Mrs.
Thomas Palache, Mrs. Henry Payot,
Mrs. W. M. Pierson. Miss Elizabeth
Putnam. Miss Rosenstirn. Mrs. M. C.
Sloss. Dr. Virginia W. Smiley, Mrs.
Mary Roberts Smith. Mrs. G. B. Som
ers. Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels, Mrs. E. C.
Sutliffe. Mrs. Joseph Trilley. Mrs. S. E.
Vaslit, Mrs. Sheldon Kellogg.
The El Saliro Club gave its last dance
of the season on June 4 at Mission
Music Hall. Twenty-first and Howard
streets. The following named were
patronesses: Mrs. L. Albrecht, Mrs.
J. K. Carter, Mrs. N. N. Craig. Mrs.
M. F. Game. Mrs. W. P. McDermott,
Mrs. R. Mosebach. Mrs. C. M. Thomas.
Mrs. I. F. Wilcox.
The Retail Drug Clerks will give two
trolley rides to San Mateo June 24 and
29, leaving Market and Fifth streets
at 7:30 p. m., dancing to continue
from arrival at San Mateo until 11
p. m., when refreshments will be
served, and return from San Mateo at
midnight.
Club Parties.
Hamilton, Ohio, an old friend of the
hostess and her parents, Rev. and Mrs.
George Guth. The evening was de
voted entirely to social conversation
and some music by Professor John
VogeL Refreshments were served by
the charming hostess and her daugh
ter to the following guests: Rev. and
Mrs. George Guth. Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Martens, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Koenlg,
Mr. and Mrs. Hermann Schrader. Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Stoffers. Mrs. Fluth
and daughter Sophia, Mrs. Catherine
Wilson, Mr. Klahn, John Vogel, Fred
erick Schneider and Miss Susan Fish
beck.
Were tt not for the festivities at
tending betrothals and weddings so
ciety would be in a state of stagnation.
At no time in previous years has there
been so general an exodus to the coun
try as now — to the extensive Joy of the
rural bonifaces.
Engagements.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Salinger an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter, Ruby, to Frank William
Fabian. A reception will be held at
SO 19 Hyde street on Sunday next, from
- to i o'clock.
• • •
The engagement is announced of
£ara E. Muller to Harry M. Cohen.
They will receive their friends next
Bandar, between 3 and 5 p. m., at their
residence, 14" Russ street.
¦ . • ¦¦ - • .: ' •
Mrs. J. P. Sies announces the en
pagement of her daughter. Adaline, to
John Metrner. They will hold a re
ception June 26, from 2 to 5 p. m., at
1226 Golden Gate avenue.
¦ • . ¦ <••.;¦
The engagement of Miss Ray Attell.
daughter of Mrs. A. Attell of 1427 Fol
sora street, to Max Roberts. They
will receive their friends Sunday,
June 26.
Captain and Mrs. J. H. Rex an- j
nounce the engagement of their
daughter. Belle, to John A. Bell of
Boston. Mass. The date of the wed- j
dir.g has not been determined upon.
• • •
The engagement of Miss Florence
21. Lussey of this city and William A.
Sherman'of Astoria. Or., has been an
nounced. The wedding will be solemn
ized on June 21.
Mrs. M. C. MrKew announces the en
gagement of her daughter Jessie to
Howard A. Turner. The wedding will
take place early Jn September.
By LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
CELTIC UNION
GIVES PICNIC
Never Before Has the Exodus From the City Been So General and the
Rural Innkeeper Is Radiantly Joyful in Consequence.
Amusing Situation in Which Susan B. Anthony and Other Noted Americans
Found Themselves Charged for Beer They Did Not Drink.
PROSPERITY IS INDICATED BY SAN FRANCISCANS SEEKING MOUNTAIN AND SEASHORE RESORTS
SUFFRAGE QUESTION RAISES TUMULT AMONG GERMAN WOMEN AT THE BERLIN QUINQUENNIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, JUNE 13. 1904.
The fellow with a hot temper should
receive cool treatment.
~ ¦ • • •
DUXCAN SPRINGS: From Sao Francisco—
Joseph Shults and wife. C W. Kenitzer and
wife. Maurice Rosendorn and wife, Mr*.
Joseph O'.ynn. Miaa Rita Glynn. Mrs. Mary
Dale. William M. Starr. F. Morten. Miis
Edith Morrow Mr*. John Morrow, Mr*. Auber
ltn. Helen Auberlln. Miss E. Kitchen. A.
Souza. Mrs. J. J. Sullivan. J. E. Sullivan.
Grover Hussey. Mis* Maud Mills. From Santa
Rosa — A. M. Fret. Edward Foutz, A. H. Bur
nett. From Vallejo— E. J. Hussey. Lewis Hu»
¦ey. Edward Hu««ejr. Thomas Hussey. From
Sebaitopo! — G. M. Espey and wife. fJlrnn
Eapey. - Alta Eap«y. From Bodega — James
CouichT T. Hanna. Mlsa Mattle Roe, Miss
Lena Roe. Mlra Lettie Roe. From Alumeda —
George Hancock.
Sar.ders. Josephine and 8osan Do-ice. Ypsllantl.
Mich.
Henry Prlen discovered a burglar
in his workshop at 1253 California
street early yesterday morning. The
burglar had collected a lot of tools,
which he dropped when he saw Prien.
He was taken by Prien to the Central
police station and a charge of bur
glary was booked against him at he
City Prison. He was recognized as
Edward Miller, alias Peterson, and ad
mitted having entered the workshop
before and stolen a quantity of the
tools, which he sold to a Chinese on
Pacific street, between Dupont and
Stockton.
Finds Burglar In Workshop
The display of white during the dress
parade on Market street yesterday gave
this city the appearance of an Eastern
town. Buy a gas range from S. F. Gas
and Blectric Co.. 415 Post street. ,.•-'
7
"She kept the secret and kept giv-
ing me Portum instead of coffee until
1 Rrrew Ftronger, more tireless, got a
better color in my sallow cheeks and
a clearness to my eyes; then she told
me of the health-giving, nerve-
etrengthening life-saver she had giv-
en me in place of my morning coffee.
From that time I became a disciple of
Posrtum and no words can do justice
to the pood this cereal drink can do.
I will not try to tell it, for only after
having used it can one be convinced
of its merlt3." Name given by Pos-
tum Co, Bcttle Creek. Mich.
Ten days' trial shown Portum'sj pow-
er to rebuild what coffee has destroy-
ed. There's a reason.
How a fister played a trick that
brought rosy health to a coffee fiend
Is an Interesting tale:
. "I was a coffee fiend — a trembling.
nervous, physical wreck, yet clinging
to the poison that stole away my
strength because for a fleeting mo-
ment It rtimulated my weakened
powers. I mocked at Postum and
would have none of it.
"One day my sister. Mrs. U. S. Sho-
walter. substituted a cup of crisp, hot
Postum for niy morning cup of cof-
fee, but did not te!l me what it was.
I noticed the richness of it and re-
marked that the coffee tasted fine, but
ray sister did not tell me I was drink-
ing Poaium for fear I might not take
any more.
SISTER'S TRICK.
But AH Came Out Ri^ht.
POSTUM CEBEAL.
Look in each package for the fam-
ou5 little book, 'The Road to Well-
riUc"
ADVXETISE2EE2JT3.
GROCERIES
at Cut Rates
...NO LIQUORS...
All our goods axe first-class and
must be as represented- If not
satisfactory in every respect we
will cheerfully return your money.
Water White • Honey, per
comb 10
Water Biscuits, i lb. can «10
Creamery Butter, very best,
per square %33
Good Table, Butter 3O
8 cakes Diamond C Soap... —3
Best Eastern Ham, per lb.. «*3
Cal. Cream Cheese, per lb.. »1O
Choice Table Syrup, half gaL
cans •***
Sugar Corn (packed In
Iowa), per can *™
3 cans Carnation Cream <-»»
Pineapple, sliced, per can. .. .1O
| Toilet Soap, 3 cakes ;1O
AH other goods correspondingly
cheap. Freight on orders of $5x0
I and over 100 miles.
J. F.Kingston S. Co.
HO Fourth Street
-
I *"^ •¦BSBBBBBBBSBBBSSBBBBBSSSSSSBBSBSSBSBSSSBSBBBBB. ¦THE SAN FKANClSCp CaLl, MONDAY, JUNE .13, 1904.
8
CARPET BEATING AND CLEAXIXG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compreened air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., SOS Market, st.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work*. 355-357 Tehaaia *t. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.— Ktrst-cla.'b
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S0O Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Works.
;:.TS Golden Gate av?. Telephone East 120.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 21C.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main :«4. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 170-t Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CLOTEtllgP BEWOVATIKO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — CartnoTbreak";
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted.. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.U.lst
'floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns,$2 up; fillings. 25c.
FREE examination with chart at the New
York Dentists. 9C9 Mission St.. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD nllings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art's 'button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL. '
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of buslnes;
study In the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
. Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 301-
925 Golden Gate ave.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
ft., between Third and Fourth: more space:
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typlnft.
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and 'light sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $R mo.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st. ; established 18 years: special discount
durir.g month of June; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrtdty.24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING— Adults. Mon. and Frl. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5; prlv. lessons dally. Flnd-
Isy's Hall. J7th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. lSt!4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
EASTERN piano teacher desires adult pupils;
makes specialty of fitting young piano
teachers. Box 2170. Call office.
KENT Law School: day and night: send for
particulars. 536 Parroft bide. Emporium.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand, etc.. $4
mo. Western Business College. 1107 Market.
GUITAR mandolin and piano $3 per mo.;
mandolin club, $1 per mo. 828 Haight st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
~ EMFLOYMEXT OFFICES.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main B752.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab.'2O years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY _ CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A NEAT capable second girl wants a place In
country at $25 a month; has best of city
references; office hours. 8:30 a. in. to 5:30
p. m. Call at MISS PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sui-
ter st., riear Powell.
LADIES — We have at the present time a lim-
ited number of first-class cooks and second
girls with best of references waiting for
situations. See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334
Sutter st.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing, ironing or sweeping Thursday or
Saturday; $1 50 per day and carfare. Ad-
dress box 35T.1, Call office.
A — WOMAN wants position working house-
keeper; widower's family. 324 Mason st. ;
phone Black 2396.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes to do flannels
at her home, or washing without Ironing.
Address box 3534, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress; (1 25 a day; no postals answered.
649 Minna St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
A — GOOD cook wants cooking for men: coun-
try. 324 Mason st. : phone Black 239G. -
SEWING by the day; good fitter: shirtwaist
suits made in a day; $2 a day. 36A 8th st.
A THOROUGHLY competent woman wants
housework by the day in first-class family
where high-clabs work Is appreciated: no
washing; best references furnished. Address
box 1212. Call office. Oakland.
AN accomplished young German lady desires
a position as companion or managing house-
keeper :n refined family or elderly lady or
gentleman. Address box 3544, Call office.
AN educated, refined young lady would like
position as traveling companion or house-
keeper to wealthy American; stenographer
or secretary. Box 2545, Call office.
A. REFINED German lady, graduate Froebel
/Kindergarten, wants a position as mother's
help or companion. Call Monday or Tues-
day, 1210 Sutter st.
A TRUSTWORTHY woman wants work. wash-
Ing, house-cleaning, cooking; $1 5O day and
carfare. Box 1500. 1008 Market st.
WOMAN wants wcrk by" the day; houseclean-
ing; $1 50 and car fare. Call or address
MRS. OSGOOD, lift Hayes st.
A SW— _>ISH woman wishes washing to do at
home; special care taken of flannels. 233
California ave.. downstairs.
YUUNQ Kirl wishes to do general housework
In small family. Please call Monday at
Swiss Dairy, 221C Flllmore at.
FIRST-CLASS lady Htcnographer wishes sit-
uation In wholrtnl* house. Address 2162
" Call branch, 2200 Flllmore St.
YOUNO girl —-ants position as plain cook
with a nice family. Please call at 61 Her-
mann st.. near Valencia.
A YOUNG woman with references wants
¦ house-cleaning by the day; $1 50 and carfare.
7tS9 McAllister st.
MKS. MARTHA GRUNDIES WEILER. teach-
tr, wants any kind of work; hour 50c. 1015
Gouch st.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper; small
hotel, rooming-house or for one or two. Call
Monday and Tuesday, 30 Post st., room 9.
LADY wants position making children's gar-
ments at home. 127 Buchanan st.
A ¦ LADY ¦ wishes position as housekeeper.
C14& Natoma st.
A — GOOD cook wants ccoklng for men, coun-
. try. 324 Mascn St.; phone Black 2396.
DRESSMAKER wishes work by the day. Ap-
ply 725 Fulton st. . ¦
SITUATION as laundress in private family.
Address box 2161 Call branch, 2200 Flllmore.
ELDERLY lady wishes position as house-
keeper. 130 Fifth st.
SWEDISH girl desires chamber work; sleep at
home. Call 1615A Mason st.
LADY wants washing by the day. Box 1504
1008 Market st. ¦ '
A GERMAN woman would like to do Ironing
in hotel. .. 1 Burcham place, off Leavenworth.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
. Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Churdh sts.
I '•;''•• FOR SAI.K — Con.
I I
I
MARION GRIFFIN.
40»j Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3007.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
JUNE .KNAP— 17 rooms; cost $2960 2 years
ago; swell corner north of Market: large
rooms, splendidly furnished; rent 575; full
of roomers; price $1700; half cash.
! MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH CLASS and very beautifully furnished;
85 rooms; electric elevator; electric lights;
rent $451; lease for U years and 0 months':
building NEW AND MODERN: exclusively
with . MARION GIUFFIN.
NE. CORNER house of 16 rooms, north of
Market; all rented; but 2 occupied by land-
lady; rent only $32; clears monthly $50;
price $400; half cash. MAKION GRIFFIN.
ANOTHER CORNER of 32 rooms.- 3 blocks Qf
Market: rent $100: lease- 3 floors; clears $91;
price $1400; will be worth $3000 before close
of St. Louis World's Fair. J__
i M.ARION GRIFFIN.
SWELL, respectable house, most beautifully
furnished; extra fine hair mattresses; new
and modern building en sunny corner; 24
rooms; when you Hee It you'll buy It of
MARION GRIFFIN.
MILITARY PRECISION Is noticeable in clean-
liness of this 34-room house; average month- '
ly profit $212 50; 111 health Impels owner to
sacrifice; price put down to $2000.
J . MARION GRIFFIN.
I HONEST, respectable 23-room house, full of
nice roomers, who .take care of their own
rooms; corner house; extra sunny; price
$1500; part cash; rent $35.
t MARION GRIFFIN.
HALF-PRICE: worth $1000; will take $500;
11 sunny rooms, nicely furnished in oak and
cherry; full of men roomers; north of Mur-
. ket; rent $55; Income $30.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDID 40-room house on Sutter st., in the
. best possible condition; full of the most de-
sirable people; profit $150 monthly; low rent;
low price; long lease. MARION GRIFFIN.
FINE CHANCE to get the best 100-room new
and modern house In this city: fine location;
very -"fine furnishings; It Is thoroughly first
class. MARION GRIFFIN.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease. . .$."500
26 room*, all men roomers. low r^nt.... 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country transient.. 6000
31 rooms, rent only $55 1500
40 rooms, rent $70, transient 1500
81 rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
Monty to loan on furniture at low ?ates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$1000— LODGING-HOUSE: choice location;
near Market Bt. ;*22 neatly furnished rooms;
must be sold quick: cause, sickness. Mer-
chants' Agency. 1008 Market st.
42 ROOMS; corner near R. R. depot: rooms
all full: clears $125 per month: rent $3 per
room: owner sick; must sell; S2350. 453, Call.
35-ROOM Market-«. houw; busy corner: Al
transient; I will sell at low figure' or ex-
change. Box 3486. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE In Tonopah for sale: 20
rooms: all full: rents ?1 to $1 25 per day.
Address box 509. Call office.
$C00 — 15 -NICELY ' furnished rooms, north Mar-
ket; always full: rent $60; clears SCO; sacri-
ficed; terms. 1170 Market at., room 1C6.
FOR sale — Lodging house; 2."H Third St.; 20
rooms: cwner sick: price S!)50: rent $75.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS! J. J. WHITNEY,
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
PRO 17 . FKED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
glate- writer. 1112 Eddy St.: phone Scott 8S7.
CLAIRVOYA.VTS.
ASSURED success for ycu.
Call at once and save S4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
. . No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honeet proposition.
(You to be full Judge.) ,
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If
husband, wife or lover is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the on« you desire; "In fact," I will tell you
evtry hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice la reliable; his
powers are wonderful and indisputable; he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth: the controlling power Implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice on
\ mining and burled treasures; gives you success
• In life; be guarantees you success or charges
notnlng for his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday.
326 O'Farrell St.— 326.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATIONS of the NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
Kor a reliable and Intelligent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE. 42S Eddy St.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
¦ what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROFESSOR
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
He Is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
Would It not be a relief to know how you
will succeed, to be relieved of the matters that
arc troubling you and of the schemes of your
enemies, that you may meet with better success?
A test reading Is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you u full life reading for $1. A test
Is of little value; when the mind is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
Permanently located 428 Eddy st. ; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours, 10 a. in. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life cfirrectly. gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valunble advice In
all affairs of. life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mail. Tel. Blnck 4569.
MMK.PORTER.celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double vel! and sec-
ond eight, tells past, present and future; I.
60c. g. by cards $1 ; palmistry and clairvoyant
sit.. $1 SO. 290 O'Farrell St.. near Mason.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given: special. $1; hours 10 to S.
MR3. DR. MARTIN, clairvoyant, business me-
dium; advice on mining & Invest.: devel.cir.
Thurs.. 8. f)20 O'Farrell: tel, Hyde 1767.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmiEt. clalrvoyant.card
reader;when others fall try me:good readings
25c. 721 Franklin. nr.O.G.ave.TeI.Larkln4207.
A— Mme. Ravenr.a reads life; business ad vice;
names Klyen;25o up. S35 Howard. hct. 4th&5th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c;
gents 50c. 051 Mission st.. nr. 6th: open Sun.
MME. ODELL returned: clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves: 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
204 Kearny. rm. 20; ladles 25c. gents 60c.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L. 60e; G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facto; readings daily. 917 Market at.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. '-'•'M*
Sixth it.: ladles 25c: gents COc.
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress, will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortuno-
teller. Is now af 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader slt-
tlngg. dally. 4iS^ Jessie >t.. bet. 5th and Cth.
. _.oo~ABCTiq»^orricsa [
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms »-10: tel. Main 6580.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$17- : -5-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, near
Webster, bet. Sutter and Bush. Inquire 7.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED — Small furnished modern cottage of
4 rooms, with garden: fcot.over half-hour
from city. F. BORNHOLZ.' 1432 Oeary st.
,' CTTBES BTTFTPBB. _^
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder. $10; no
discomfort. 1200 Market at.; send for circular.
| ATTOll.\EY- AT-LAW— Continued.
ADVICE free: divorce cewts $12; no fees or
ccits in advance; all law business: office
or. en Saturday evening*.- Sl'J Market st. r. 33.
j L. S. CLARK. 027 Market st; consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
I
ATrrOMOBI-.ES.
AUTOMOBILES— Livery, garage and sales-
rooms; automobiles of every description
bcjght and sold: will buy ot sell second-
I hand machines. See us before you do any-
i thing witli your mechlne. Phono South 702.
Pacific States Automobile Co.. 217 Ellis st.
WANTED — To buy an automobile In first-class
condition: must be reasonable; gasoline pre-
ferred. Box 7r3. Call office.
FOR rale cheap — A white Stanhope automobile
in flrrt-cICEs running order. Box 804, Call.
1 OLDSMOBILE for sale: $3T>0: In first-class
running onier. Box ;iM>. Call office.
ASTHMA SEMEDY.
A Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves instant-
ly: 10<-. Sftc. 50c. 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas.
HOAR 111 \U FOR CHILDREN. ,
WANTED — By an experienced woman, an In-
fant to board. Inquire 212 Seventh st.
GOOD home and training for small children;
reasonable. 202S Buena Vista ave.. Alameda.
FRENCH boarding for children. MRS.
GUNTZ. 663 Pine St. !
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
a"$S0O; PARTNER wanted in office of manu-
racturer'k agent; a first-class offer for good
man- $50U to be Invested in business; office
clears about $250 per month. See R. G.
WILKE. 2«H Kearny st.
A— $700; BAKERY across the bay: established
years and doing a first-class paying store
trade; value In sight. All particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26H Kearny tt. •
A — (COO; YOUNG and active man wanted^ to
run grill nfom in one of the finest barrooms
in this city; no rent to pay; references want-
ed. See It. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
' A— $1100; CORNER grocery and bar on cholc-
I est location of Devlsodero st. ; viust be sold
i at once, on account of death in family; lease;
rent <37 5u; a splendid and rare chance. See
R. G. WILKE. 2«»» Kearny St.
A— $2250; CORNER saloon on Montgomery St.;
established many years; rent $>'>: lease; a
good-paytng place and well advertised. Call
U. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny tt
A— $2200; • ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse! Road-
house! With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lease; a first -class raying resort. See R. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny Et.
A— $800; CORNER taloon; rent $20; a splendid
location In the Mleslon; place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKE.
20^3 Kearny st.
A — $500; SALOON, vicinity Third and Bran-
nan sts.; established years; rent $40. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A— $1500; SALOON In wholesale district; vi-
cinity of Sansome ft.: place established 20
years; doing a sckM business; rent $50. See
R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Keamy st
A — $35(0; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
Vt'lLKE, 2<iU Kearny st.
A — $450: BARBER shop: 3 chairs; best location
In the Mission; rent $15. See R. G. WILKE.
StiV; Kearny st. . .
A— $3000 HOTEL in San Rafael: 21 rooms, bar,
parlor and dining-room; a well established
place; good furniture and a bargain. Call
R. G. WILKE. 28H Kearry st.
A — $700; RESTAURANT opposite Golden Gate
Park; rent $25: good business; clearing about
*15» per month. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A — $2500; SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
ket <.; low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
tures and a first-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— $250; BOTTLE beer route; well established.
Eee R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
A— $?750: CORNER saloon on Market St.. In-
cluding 7 roctns; rent $100; return rents $W);
* lease; a first-class location and well estab-
lished place. See R. G. WILKE, 204 Kear-
ry st.
A — $C0O; CHOPHOUSE and coffee raloon, opp.
cable house: place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 20 Va
Kearny st.
A — DRUGSTORE, drugstore, drugstore; price
$4500: established 27 years: lease 3 years:
rent $60; one of the best paying store* in this
city: owner to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
26*4 Kearny gt.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room, 37 beds,
good furniture: lease; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— $2500; DAIRY depot and route; dally sales
SO cans; 8 horses. 4 wagons, etc.; most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owner 13
years: a good paying Investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearnyjj^
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts. ; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years: first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20»4 Kearry st.
X — $350;. BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store- with 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location;
good business. .See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Keamy st.
A— $375 cigar stand, transfer corner: rent $25;
good paying place. R. G. Wilke. 264 Kearny
A NEAT up-to-date grocery and bar; thickly
residence district; fine business; 4 furnished
living roorr.f: must be seen to be appreciated.
BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO., 318 Kearny.
FINE business property; prosperous mining,
farming, lumber town; 2-story building; 6
furnished rooms; store and stock: snap for
little money; paying 5 per cent per mo.
BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 318 Kearny Et.
ELEGANT saloon; wholesale district: promi-
nent traffic street; rent with lease only $100;
sublets for $50; fine fixtures and stock.
BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO.. .!1S Kearny ft.
$300—30 ROOMS; 40 rooms furnished: rent $30.
Exclusively Berg. Armstrong Co.. 318 Kearny.
$300 — 50 ROOMS; 40 rooms lurnisned; rent $30.
Exclusively Berg- Armstrong Co., 31S Kcarny.
(S500 — SALOON, near Market; doing fine busi-
ness; reason for selling; reasonable rent, long
lease.rlght party. llerg-Armstrong,3JS Kearny.
A SALOON and cafe In Watsonville. the best
town on the Pacific Coast, and the best pay-
ing business in Watronvllle. This place Is
elegantly fitted up with all the modern con-
veniences, has a lease for 8 years cheap
rent, beet location In town; thl» in a chance
of a lifetime; don't wait, as It will not be
on the market very long. CalL write or
phone GRAHAM & SMITH, real estate and
lneurance agents. Watsonville, Santa Crus
.County, Cal.
PACIFIC Real Estate Co.. 1013 Market st. •
$500; country hotel and bar; Investigate.
$223; lodging-house, near Market st.
$85: clgar-ctore, at corner saloon.
$1200; elegantly furnished flat; Van Ness ave.
$150; branch bakery and variety; act quickly.
$600; . restaurant, clearing $50 a week.
$900; saloon, on busy street; near Market.
$425 buys grocery and liquor-store; no com-
petition; Investigate immediately.
FOR sale — A bargain; a grocery store and sa-
loon, 4 . miles . out of town ; doing a large
business; must be sold Immediately on ac-
count of sickness; stock carried about $3000.
For. further particulars address C. P. AN-
DERSON. San Jose. Cal.
CHARCOAL burners — We have 200 acres
I heavy oak. manzantta and madrone timber
to tjrn Into charcoal; will pell for royalty
cr percentage; three miles from R. R. : down
hill; easy to reach. Hermosa Ranch Co.,
Cloverdale. Cal.
HOTEL for sale In a good business town In
San Joaquln . Valley; building contains 52
rooms, office, bar, billiard and card rooms;
house and furniture in 'first-class condition;
will cell reasonable end on easy terms or for
cash. Box 822. Call offlct.
BARGAIN — $300; Icecream, confectionery, ba-
kery and stationery . store, good for young
couple;. 2 nice living rooms; part of house-
hold goods; rent $12; slcknecg cause of sell-
ing: - Investigate. Address box 1211, Call
office. Oakland. - -
$."J50 SECURES 14 'interest in fine paying conT
mi«fion . business closrlng $150 monthly to
each; references exchanged: experience un-
necessary, but must be . sober and reliable.
Particulars, 10074 Market St., room 1.
FOR tale — Coffee, -tea and eplce route over
IS years' standing; selling en account, of re-
tiring from business. ; For particulars In-
quire at 119 Front St., . between 11 a. m.
and lpm.
$C5O SECURES li Interest In fine paying com-
mission business clearing $150 monthly to
each: reference* exchanged; experience un-
necessary, but must be sober and reliable
Particulars. 1Q07H Market St.; room 1.
FOR sale — Business college . In short distance
from San Francisco; good opening for young
man; price $100. If Interested address A. M.
CHADWICK. COG Georgia St., Valiejo, Cal.. ;
for further particular* , j
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MALEL^
YOUNG German who speaks a little English
wishes position in dry goods business, whole-
sale or retail; has 10 years' experience and
references; knows how to decorate window s*.
ATOress box 3536. Call office. •
RELIABLE true, middle-aged man would like
to hear ffom gentleman who wants such a
man. Address box 3538. Call office.
YOUNG man wants general work around place.
Box S535, Call office. j
SUPERIOR first-class man and wife «eek sit- I
uatlon together as chef and helper for hotel.
Institution or family boarding-house; best of
references; splendid opportunity tosee kitch-
en help. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
331 Sutter st.
SHANGHAI. China— Gentleman wishes to rep-
resent business house In Shanghai or Hong-
kong: possesses business references from
Shanghai: four years' Oriental experience.
• Box S-'JO. Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman— Mechanic hav-
ing completed mechanical drawing course and
well advanced in complete mechanical, wlshea
work as assistant, tracing or details. Ad-
dress 112R Tennessee st.
PAINTER first-class all around man, would ,
like to work for owner; would work very
• reasonable; city or country. Address box
801, Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, designer and de-
taller: 18 years' experience; mining, station-
ery and marine; wants position or work at
home. Box 337. Call office.
RECTIFIER sober and reliable, familiar with
all branches In wholesale liquor business,
wants good position. Address E. MEYER.
1706 K St., Sacramento.
HOUSE and window cleanlnr: any kind of
work by experienced man; $1 per day. Aa-
dress H. WILLIAMS. 205 Second et.
STENOGRAPHER, bookkeeper, office man;
strictly first-class; wants position; Al refer-
ence. Address box 898. Call office.
MAN and wife; man as horse man; woman to
' do housework and assist in kitchen. Box
875, Call office.
YOUNG man. 22. speaks, writes English, Span-
ish French, wants position of any kind; of-
..flce work preferred. Address box SSO. Call.
TWO men wish situations to go to country as
fruit pickers through the season. Box 212S,
Call office.
WANTED— A position as partner with a Jew-
elry <vase maker, bill cases, pocketbooks.
etc; good mechanic. Address box 2144. Call.
BOOKKEEPER, comoetent and reliable, well
recommended, desires position. A. ZECHER,
CCOA Ellis »t.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man as
valet In first-class private family; would
travel; references given. . Box 2587. Call.
A TKMPERANCE coachman; gardener; can
milk If desired: private family work: good
reference if required. 120A Eddy St.. room 7.
WANTED — Position as maker of dry colors
for litho and printers' Ink. JOHN MAHO-
NEY. 100 Eleventh gt.
FIRST-CLASS picture frame worker desires
poeltlon; 7 years at last place; references.
Box :s. Call branch, 30O Hayes st.
BOY of 17 wishes position as office boy; un-
derstands bookkeeping, typewriting and pen-
manship; no experience. 187 South Park.
WANTED— Position by a first-class Chinese
cook, boarding-house or family. Y. LIEN.
1113 Clay st.; tel. Black 3C58.
YOUNG man wishes a position as porter in
wholesale house: strong, steady and reliable;
reference and experience. Box 1C84, Call.
YOUNG man would like position In a whole-
sale house; office work preferred. Box 1213.
Call office. Oakland. i
A BUTCHER: 10 years' experience; reliable
and pteady. Address box 1216. Call office,
Oakland.
DRUG clerk, young man, 7 years' experience
In this city, wants position. Address Phar-
macist, box 821, Call office.
NURSE, male, requires Invalid or mental
cases; town or country: first-class references;
thoroughly reliable. W. W., 1235 Market.
SITUATlON as foreman In a brick yard; have
.. burnt with coal, wood and oil; good refer-
ences. J. A. LANCE. San Jose. Cal.
BOY wants work in wholesale bouse. Apply
1501 Mission st. - . . - - ¦ —
YOUNG man to work on bells. 1432 Mission
street.
STEAM fitter wants steady Job. Apply 13C«
Larkin st.
CRACKER baker wants to take charge of
shop. Apply 1319 Montgomery st.
WANTED — A position as valet. ROBERT
BOYLE. S10 Golden Gate ave.
MAN wants Job as bread baker. 2S Twelfth
street.
MAN wants Jcj driving milk wagon. 26
Twelfth st.
MAN wants position aa watchman. 1520
Howard Et.
WOULD like to go to Japan as a first-class
coppersmith. JOHN FISHER, 1524 Mission.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Apply
100 Eleventh st.
WOULD like situation as watchman from 1
a. m. on; best of references. Box 25S8. Call.
MAN wants to do tailoring. Address 29.'!2
Sixteenth st
Painter, paper-hanger. slgnwrlte«\ wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom st. ; phone Mint 131.
GOOD lunch waiter wants work. G. ELLIS.
B2G Kearny st.
WANTED— Position as porter. Apply 617
Larkin st.
A STEADY young man wants 'work; Is willing
to do anything. Box 1C83. Call.
POSITION as cook wanted; city hotel or
restaurant. Call at 1600 Green st.
GOOD hotel porter wants work. E. LINSEY.
26 Grant ave.
POSITION as cook wanted: city botM or
restaurant. Call at ltiOO Green at. J
WANTED — By competent painter, permanent
position. Address C. A. K., 037 Folsom st.
ERRAND boy wishes a situation. 1023 Capp
street.
YOUNG man withes sltuatlortvjn store. 143
Taylor st.
BOY. 14 wants situation. 123 Taylor at.
POSITION as barber; short hours. Address
box 1503. 100S Market St.
BOY wants position as paper carrier. Apply
box 2180. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as night watchman. 1317
Dupont street.
WANTED— Position as barber. Box 2832 Call
office. vi
GENTLEMAN. No. 1 waiter, desires position
in first-clnK* clubhouse: references. C43 Geary.
A GOOD Japanese wants position as cook
or waiter In good family; city or country.
A. AMTSUO. 807 Polk st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position in
small family; good cook; wages $2 up.
FRANK. 256 O'Farrell st
JAPANESE boy. gentle and honest wishes po-
sition as a school boy. K. HENLY. 1722
Flllmore st.
FLATS'' TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and fiats are list-
ed in our free renting department; over 4000
In number; a combined H?t from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never' fall: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO
1C30 MARKET ST
/ OPPOSITE MCALLISTER,
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense lUf
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time ami
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-230
Geary st, on the square.
iRODERICK. 220. near Oak— Modern flat of fl
rooms, bath and servant's room; grand view
from every room; rent $32 BO.
A J?n CE . SUnny 5 at 6 rooms and bath. ' 730
Ellis st.. near Stelner.
FILLMORE. 112tt-T-room flat; ro^mH all
light: modern: furniture for sale.
HARRISON. 82SA_New modern fine flat of 0
rooms; reasonable to responsible party.
HAYES. «», .cor. Buchanan— Nice sunny Mat
6 rooms and bath: modem improvements.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let T^Tii
oa LYON ft UOAO. 118 Mimjomery ,L^
FI/ATS TO LET — Co^J^^Z
CFNTKAL~ave.. f»7. nr. Waller st.— Sunniest,
cheapest upper up-to-date flat. 0 large rooms
and bath: tZO.
NEW sunny. 5 rooms, yard, modern. 1006
Cap'p St.. near Twenty-filth: rent ch?ap.
FLATS TO LET — FCHMSHED.
EL^S^S^orirTnorittis: very low rent for
my handsomely furr.ished «5-roorn suite; new
building: all sunny rooms; elevator; rre«
lights; hot water and Janitor service; grund
piano: tlneat marine view ; <
HAIGHT, 12-JS. Burna Vista, cor. Central av.
—Elegantly furnished flits: also unfurnished,
house has all conveniences and is sltuatrd ia
•elect neighborhood. ________
CAPP. B14— Furnished 5-room flat: piano: gas
and cosil stove, (all bet. 11 aao * |
I FfiLSOM7e«7— Four furnished rooms for house-
keeping, complete; plano^
FOR rent for th» summer, furnished flat. 8
rooms. 85 Central ave. >
FLATS FOIt SALE — Fl'RMSHED.
FURNITURE of 7 rooms for sale; cheap rent;
$."». 157 Ninth st.
FURNISHED flat; 7 rooms; all sunny. Inquire
2530 Howard st.
UPPER flat, 8 sunny rooms, handsome new
carpets, for wale: rent $35. 2123 Central ave.
KUt.MTlUE FOR SALE:.
ANDERSON Auction House at 19 Turk st.. nr.
Market, for furniture and everything for th»
house at lowest prices.
TOU ean buy $75 worth of furniture fo^ $7 60
down and $1 SO per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
FURNITURE of a 6-rocm house for sale: all <
new; only been used a few months. Box
663. Call nfflce.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
• Barger. 433 Valencia. nr.ltith.Tel.Chureh 3S.3
CHEAPEST place In city for second-hand fur-
niture. 936 Geary st Tel. Polk It77.
FLKMTIRE WANTED.
,~- ABE "levy!
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 7«1.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimata.
CHAsT LEVT - CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.carpets etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
HELP WAXTED FEMALE.
A COOK for small American family In Santa
Crus, $.10; 2 waitresses, same hotel tn city.
$25 each: a waitress and parlor maid for
small family In San JJateo. $ !0; a girl for
cooking and housework In a family of 3
grown persona living In country, wages $33.
see party here; a cook for a small Institution
In the city, wages $35; a girl for cleaning
and sewing in an institution. $2O. city; a
ccok for ranch hands. $20; 20 rood house-
work girls for city and country. $-'{5. $30 and
$25. MISS PLUNKETT. 4_J Sutter st.
near PoweQ.
: TEN waitress?;! for summer resorts, spring*
' and commercial hotels $25 each: office hours
S:.1O a. m. to 5:3l> p. m. MISS PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
IN GOD WE TRUST.
Golden Gate Employment Office. 1211 Ninth
ave.. off II St., alongside of Golden Gats
Park and next door to Public Library: frew
¦ r?ading-rcom for ladies; best help provided
for all purposes, for city and country
throughout the States; smallest office"
charges: employers please pay half the. offica
fee; money orders payable to T. SPEAK-
MAX, Station G. San Francisco.*
A— WANTED — Girls to learn nalrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 w«tk.-<: $5 to those entering now; a po-
sitions to fill immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school m
West. C3:: Geary «.. room 13.
A— GIRL to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; position aa trimmers,
salesladies, etc, guaranteed at $lo per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. .13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches hairdressins
trade, manicuring, massage, etc.; position*
secured at highest wages: day and evening
classes; thorough wystem. Removed from Uii
Market st. to 133 Powell st.
A GIRL for general housework and ccokintr ti>
go to country for 3 months: will be retainsd.
on return. W)5 Broadway.
WANTED — Eicht lady barters at rnce: $15
per week guaranteed. Call Golden W?st Hr>-
/ tel. 10 to 12 and 1 to 4, Monday and Tues- ,
day. L. KLENMAN.
AA — BOOKKEEPER, cashier, ycung ladr. ex-
pert accountant; all mo<iern methods: highest
reference, last position 5 yrs^Box 3E3O31 Call-
A— SEWERS wanted on ladies' waists. <£(J
Mission street, third floor.
A — SEWERS wanted on ladies' underwear.
650 Mission rt., third floor.
HAIR worker <ftid hair dresser: also girls to
learn the trade. 1C5.S Polk st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m.. Wednesday; salary no object.
TWO lady solicitor* to Introduce our good*:
city an<l country; liberal terms. The Oatlna
Co.. 121 Geary St.. room 721.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' *!!H
w.iiotn; no others need apply. KONIG-
STEIN. 2S First st.
WANTED — Girl for rooking and downstair*
work; wages *25. 1013 Sutter st.
GIRL for ccokins and general housework;
wages $25. 912 Page st.
TRAVELING manager: ambitions to tak»
charge. Box 25:>4. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS operators.also finishers on vests;
v.-ages no object. 2.10'iOth st..opp.Clementlna.
APPRENTICES to learn halrdresslng; paM
whll* learning. COSOROVE'g. IIP Geary »t.
FIRST-c'i.APS hairdressers and manlcurer*
wanted. Apply at COSGROVF. S. 110 Geary.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops in August. t
Write E. Clemens Horat 122 Battery st. 8 K. '
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Dun -an it Cnurcb ata.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beea
opened at l<08 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. . '¦ '
IIEL.F WAXTED — MALE.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
F. M. GUN.N. 63S Commercial st.
Phone- Main 1191. 3 doors from Kcarny.
Arizona! Arizona! Arizona: lli» miles!
Teamsters, laborers, rocftmen. big wages.
Clark U. R.. Southern California, fee $1 in).
Nevada. S hours' work, ship to-day, team-
sters, laborers, rockmen. $2 to 11 SO day, s< a
boss here.
Free Fare! Free Fare! Free Fare!
1« teamsters, electric R. R.. $C0.
Santa Fe Company's own work in California,
ship dally, $1 75 ilay. free fare.
TAKE THIS'.
10 laborers, free fare. H hours' work, $60.
SPECIAL!
10 woodcheppe— » for large mine, steady Job.
south. 4-fcct wootl, $1 50 cord, "powder fur-
nished.
Milker. 10 cows. 5c fare, $23 and found.
Stableman, $3(> and found: choreman, prlvat*
place. $-0 and found: gasoMne engineer, $rj
week; 5 ranch hnml.s. sec boss here, $30 ana
found; cooks for bayfields, $:>> and found;
hotel cook, country. f."j(> and found; other Jobs.
AT The California Employment Agency,
1« 3d st-. r.r. Call blug. ; phone Bush 405.
State of Nevada; cheap fare refunded.
United States Government work.
SO tramsters anil laborers. $2 to. $2 25 day.
5u drillers, hammersmen and rockmen, $2 30)
day.
$li) 05 fare. . Florence. Ariz. Fare $10 05.
1UO teamsters and laborers. $2 to $U SO day
SAWMILL CREW.
2 carpenters, lumber company S. B. HL.
$5O found. "
Shingle Jointer, see boss here. $45 found.
Board puller. $45 a month and board.
2 tall edsermen. $40 a month and board.
2 second trimmermen. flu month and board.
1 offb«arer. $4u h month and board.
10 lumber pliers. $."»% to >4)» and board.
8 men for rock quarry, $2 23 a day.
10 laborers. N hours, near city, $60.
Cook, plain, hotel, city. $45 fownd.
2 carpenters', country town. S hours, $4 day.
Blacksmith, take *hon on *hare*.
" 10 Slavonian laborers, sawmill. $35 found.
CAL EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 SU St.
IN GOD WE TRUST.
Golden Gate Employment OfflcOi 12H Nln'h
ave.. off 11 sf.. alonKslde of Golden Gate Park
and next door to public library— Dent mala
help provided for all purposes, city an<* coun-
try, throughout the St3t*«: smallest of fie*
charges; employers please pay half the ofrica
Monev orders payable to T. Sl'E.VK-
1IA.N. station G. San Francisco.
RED CROSS ¦EMP_OTMENT~A~GEXCY
WC Clay st. Phono j ames 2 i :a ,
2o plpp line men. $2 2T> day k
40 Italian pick ami shovel men $2 day
2 carriage painters, you will do. $3 5O day.
4 milkers. $35 month and found.
- ch#esemakers. $4O month and found.
20 skilled mechanics, $3 to S4 d_j.
JOHN D. SPaECKELSJ . . . Proprietor
*A«iJrc«s C^:r.r:iiir.icaik;ns to
JOICf ifaJfA nniT^.; Manager
\V. J. MAnTIX Business Manager
TUX DOLLARS KLWARU.
Notify T!»e Call OiKec if You Mls«
Your I'ajjer.
If t cr any cause THE CALX. 1« not de-
livered rcgrularly to sabscriber* ple*»e
call up "CALL EXCHANGE" and notify
•.mbscriptios Clerk in charge. Your com-
j;:aiat will receive prompt attention.
A «tandinir reward of Ten Dollars
C310.00) ii effered for ths arrest and
ccnvictioa of asxy one cautfht Btealin*
"SUE CAX.X..
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Departmtnt \ou \\ lsh.
rubneatiuu Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial l^Kimi 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivired by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
CtE. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
by Mail. Including Postage tCash With
OrderJ : „ nn
JJAILT CALL (inrlud. Sunday), 1 year. . .J8.00 .
a»A!LV CALL (includ. Sunday). « mos...
1>A1LY CALL— By Single Month "«
FUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2 f^
•WEKKLY CALL. 1 Tear •- i. . .
I Daily $8 bO Per Tear Extta
FOBK1GN ! suniav. 4.15 F«r Tear Extra
POSTAGE. Iwetkly. 100 Per Year Extra ,
.ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZfc.D |
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Earaple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail fubrcr.bens in ordering change of ad-
<;res* should l»e particular to give both
ANlJ OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
pri mpt and correct compliance with their re-
quest. ¦ .
OAKLAND OFFICE: J
1016 Broadway Telephone Mala 108.1.
BERKELEY OFFICE: __
C14S Center btret. Telephone North <<
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAXUEX, W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Actorta Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
I:.,n Square; Murray HIM Hotel; Flfth-ave-
r.i'e H-:tel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: .
Sherman H^>use- P. O. News Co.; Great
N«rtherr. Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hi. tel; Palmer Uoiue.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
<J. GEORGE KROGNESS.-Marquette Building
(Lor^g LHftance Telephone, "•Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN li SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Hrrald Square
UfS-TNjrSS OFFICE of the San Francisco
<"aJl. corner Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JX* Market ttreet, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
££7 Montgomery ftreet, comer Clay; open
uctil »:S0 v. ra.
3<t) Hayeg rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
«:.T.» McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
• 15 Larkin street; open until l»:30 p. m.
l'-'H Mission etrett; open until 10 p. m.
2XA Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 ii. m.
!"»> Eleventh street; open uctll 9 p. m.
3OSW Valencia street; open until 9 p. tn.
JCoithfiAst corner Church and Duncan streets:
open until » p. m.
Nertliweft corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftreets; open until » p. m.
22"0 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL subscriber* contemplating: a
ctaage of residence during' the summer
mentns c&n have their paper forwarded
by sia.il to their new address by notif y-
ii? TEE CALL Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
og-eat in all towns on the coast.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASVLL'M OF GOLDEN GATE Com- . ¦»-.
raandery No. *.>;, K. T.. ( Zo -Sutler Ft. TkST
— £:-ecia! assembly THIS EVENING fcj
at 7:30 o'clock. Order of Tempie. All •F
Iiaters ure courteoiKly invited. By
order of the Commander. ' '
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1 Royal
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING; iQC
degree 4. H. G. PRINCE. Sec. /w\
OCCIDENTAL Lodu« No. 22. F. and A. 'O
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at>Qf
7 :3G~ o'clock. First degree. By order /V\
<jf ihe Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary-
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 2GO. F. m
6c A. M.. 183» Fillmore rt. — FlrM de-
gree THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at /VS
7:30 o'clock.
HARRY BAEIffi. Secretary.
MORSE Lodge No. 257. I. O. O.
F. — Officers and members "'« -"*^^fe
hereby notified to ctt«n<i \he'K*g?<X?£ i ~l
funeral of Brother THOMAS
JOHN THOMAS. P. G.. on Monday. June 13.
at 2 p. m.. from the Golden Gate Undertak-
ing Parlors, 2iS3 Mission st.
E. F. SCOTT. N. G.
C. BRIND, Rec. Sec.
OFFICERS and Delegates S. F. Bu- -**t
rt-tu of Relief. K. of P.. and So-
Journing Members: You are hereby TfcJW
it-quested to attend the funeral of jKJSsT.
Brother MORRIS STENGE of Othel- *^^
!o Lodge No. 31. K. of P.. of Dlxon. Cal..
from Pythian Cattle 909 Market St., on
TUESDAY. Jnne 14, at»:30 a. m. sharp.
JOHN M. LORTON. President.
ERNEST U1.MAX. Sec.
•U1NNA YE HEAR THE SLO- v C7 >i,
GAN?'— Shell Mour.d Park MON- 3V, QJ/7
DAT. July 4. Twenty-third grand ""$K3j£=
annual gathering and games of the
Far. Francisco Scotch Thistle Club. The
greatert anfl grandest event of the season.
Monster programme of attractions. Don't
:*;! to attend. Grand ball and fireworks at
night.
GEO. W. PATERSON. Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE, Recorder.
THE anr.ual meeting of the stockholders of
the £ierra Railway Company of California
will be held at the offices of the company
No. 229 Crocker building. City a-* County
<¦'. San Francisco, fitate of California, on
MONDAY, the Sth day of February. 1904, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a, m.. for the purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing year
end the transaction of such other business as
rr.ty come before eaid meetlr.r. Dated at
Ean Francisco, Cal., January 23. 1904. 6.
D. FRESHMAN. Secretary.
The above meeting adjourned until April
11th. 130«. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Feb. 8. 1904. S. D. FRESHMAN. Fec'y.
The above iDeetirtr sojourned until Juiy
Ilth. 1904. at 11 o'clock a. m.
April 11. 1904. B. D. FRESHMAJf. See^y.
THE California* Debris Commission having
received application to mine by hydraulic
process from George E. Waggoner and David
Upton In Telegraph mine, at Indian Dlg-
r'.r.sr. El Dorado County, Cal.. draining into
Indian Diggings Creek, which reaches Co-
cumnes Rirer. gires notice that meeting will
be held at room 06. Flood building. Ean
Francifco^ Col.. June 20. lfK». at 1 :30 p. m.
AGEVTS WASTED.
AGENTS wsnted: can make $4 to JS p«r day.
Call at 12 or after 6 p. m., C05 Maeon St.;
small security required.
AGENTS wanted on commlesloa. Box S037.
Call office. ¦
ATTORXEYS-AT-LAwI
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
St-e rne ard save money: no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY- AT-LAW.
Hrtabliehtd 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st. fl..
!122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
¦ Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
It. W. KINO. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
Cth floor; entrance room till; established 15
¦ • :ir«; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice: no fee In advancr or for consultation;
. . '-cirgs by appointment. Tel. Red 380L
PEXEIOST attr.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis et.." 13
yrs. practice: reft, from many thousands of,
itrldlers, sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
7a —DIVORCE— Costs $12: quick: quiet; advice
free: no charge unless successful.
7f/J Market st.. room 4.. bet. Sd and 4th.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12: quick, quiet; advice
free; all law business: no charge unless rac-'
cessful:. open <nenlngs. 927 Market, room 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity: advice
tree; costs f li Ad. B.A.S., P.O. box 2139. S.F. i
I -_U£5i!l f: ' l * S riT 1 VCR* ron<lnneil.
! A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 10C0.
3 Eddy st.. corner Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well-furnished C-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
eummer outing; also lor winter shooting and
fishing: all modern conveniences; new, one
year; price $22<X> complete. CAMERON Sc
CO.. 3 Eddy »t.
FOn sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
I goods business; cheap rent; 64 years' lease:
one of the beat transfer corners In city; do-
ing fine business; other Interests cause sale;
price $501)0. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
| for rmg.-hs». or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
ctntral location; established 9 years; rent
$30; clears ?«o to $100 per month: price $500;
must aall on account of other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy s^ '
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
WAXTED — A partner with about $400 in a
business that will pay big every month. In
raising an article that is In demand in al-
most every restaurant. Particulars, box
2628. Call office.
A NICELY located restaurant for sale, situ-
ated among large lodging houses. I am com-
pelled to leave the State or would not think
of selling. Box 754, Call office.
I AM anxious to get Into the grocery business
in San Francisco. If you have one for sale
pleaso address with full particulars, price, ,
etc.. box 811. Call office.
BAKERY in Oakland doing $70 cash business
per day: $1600; part cash and will take bal-
ance out in trade. Address box 1210, Call
office, Oakland.
A— $160; PARTNER for well-established office
business; call early, avoid rush. BROOK-
BANK, 917 Market st.
$150 — CIGAR stand; good location; laundry
pays over expenses; must be sold inside of a
week. Merchants' Agency. 1008 Mantel at.
$425 BUTS grocery and liquor store; no com-
petition: investigate immediately. Pacific
Real Estat* Co.. 1015 Market st.
DELICATESSEN, dairy, produce and bakery;
established 26 years; good stand. MRS.
MILLER. 423 Fourth st.
FOR sale — Neat little lunch place; good loca-
tion and trade. 9584 Mission Et.. near
Sixth.
WANTED to rent — Good country hotel or road-
house, with 2 to 4 acres. of land. LOUIS
METZLER. 7b3 Howard st.. San Francisco.
FOR sale — A restaurant In the Mission; trans-
fer corner; place Is paying well. Address
box 5S7. Call office.
FOR sale — A completely furnished hotel in
Petaluma; rent low; 25 rooms; will sell rea-
sonable. Address box 807, Call office.
$275 — CANDY and fine pastry store; fi2» Tay-
lor: 3 nicely furnished rooms and base-
ment; electricity; large stock; bargain.
WANTED — To buy a grocery store across the
bay Oakland. Berkeley or Alameda. Ad-
dress box 877, Call office.
DELICATESSEN and lunchroom; good trade
and fine location for meals; rent $20. Call
at 410 Ninth st.
A— $200: PARTNER wanted In light business.
Particulars of PIDGE. 47 Geary st.
A— PARTNER wanted In milk business. Ad-
dress box 851. Call office.
FOR sale — Delicatessen, dining-room; 3 living
rooms; going away. 4074 Van Ness ave.
SPLENDID chance to buy a well-located, ¦ long-
established business. 203 Fourth st.
BARGAIN — Candy and Icecream parlor; good
fixtures; 2 living rooms. 1326 Polk st. -
FOR sale — Dairy. 22 cows; 3 horses, wagons,
with fine private route. Box 856, Call.
HAIRDRESSERS — Call and see my place;
must sell; make offer. 1153 Market st.
FOR sale — Delicatessen store; good paying
business; owner must leave city. 2957 24th.
CALL route for sale; a fine large Call route
In the city of Alameda. Box 2179. Call.
SALOON and chop house for sale. Inquire at
273-275 Fourth st. JOHN MUHEIRN.
FOR *ale — The Union Hotel; manufacturing
town. Benicla. Cal.
BAKERY: all store trade; $35 daily; first-class
place; $2000. 721 Polk st. . *
FOR sale — A restaurant In Napa, doing a fine
business. Box 2563. Call office.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar In Hayes Valley.
Bor particulars, box S38, Call office.
DENTIST with references can secure furnished
offices with phrtician. Rra. 318. 927 Market.
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
tlila office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
• C5 rooms; best downtown caimercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
17 rooms: rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
125 rooms; cheap rent: long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $000 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; clicap rent; 10 >ears' lease; close In;
clears $4*> per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition:
good lease.
220 rooms; new and *ip-to-<Jate apartment-
hpuse; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
32 roora»; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets: clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear ?30O to $350 per month:
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
, 7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar: can be run In conjunction If desired:
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out'of the house: other busi-
ness Interests demand immediate departure.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent: first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $35O to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
10 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to $1500.
28 rooms: elegantly fur. family hot»l on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; wlIT trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85: oak fur.;
good carpets: housekeeping; all full: clearing
$i0 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; pries
$1COO.
l?0 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
1 house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
| rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $000 per month;
i close. In; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
126 -rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
! up-to-date house; all men: electric elevator.
lights: long lease: clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city. .
• Large list of ) real estate, rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO., "3 Eddy st.
FOR -sale — Lodging-house; 23 rooms: good
business. 4«2 Twelfth st.. Oakland Cal.; no
agents. . .
CHEAP — 11 rooms, furnished house: ''family
. trouble cause of sale. Inquire 1>5U Howard st.
. • -¦-¦.¦¦¦ _ ' •) . _ I •^T"^ fl ( * m * i B ST~"^THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1904.
9
real est a tr—city— ¦for 3 \k 1. e
itcecutor's sale.
at auction. . .
- — — — * t ¦ *m
¦ THURSDAY, JUNE 23. 1904.
AT OFFICE AND SALESROOM.
25 POST ST.
PROPERTY OF THE ESTATE OF .
. COKNELIA B. STANLY, deceased.
425 AND 427 BUSH ST..
PW. CORNER MARY LANE.
Between Kearny st. and Grant a vs. .
LOT" 40x120 FEET. RUNNING
THROUGH TO MARTIN ST.. ,
AFFORDING 3 FRONTAGES.
Improvements consist of a substantial 3-
«v.ry aad basement brick building, containing
2 stores and floors above.
NET ANNUAL INCOME. $3000.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL, . .
25 POST ST.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAHEDl RF. II. ESTATE.
$275/) — CHOICE house of 7 rooms: lot 50x150:
new cottage of 5 to 8 rocms will be changed
to suit purchaser:' located 1534 Union st.
Call or address J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park St..
Alameda.
A LA MEDA IIOC«E« TO LET.
A BEAUTIFUL house of 10 rooms and bath:
fruit trees, hothouse; ail open-work plumbing:
best iocs. tlon. 1721 San Antecio ave., near
Che«rtnut-»t. station.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY RRAI. K«T\TB_
BERKELEY BUSINESS PROPERTY as aa
Investment Is equal to aaythiag on ta*
coast. There Is money to be made by buy-
Irg that class of property — live local trains
every hour from Berkeley station to Saa
Francisco.
Berkeley Is a village no more tl Is th*
center of California f~r maay thi—gs.
BERKELEY IS CALIFORNIA.
SOME GOOD BUYS.
A thor— oghly well-built two-story brick bQild-
icg. a NW ccmer. 9 stores below _ad titi
above, paying well. - ;.*;.;
A fia* corner on Ehattack ave.. very pro— U-
nently located; vacant: there's coney la 1—
A store aed brick warehouse, fitted wlta com-
partments, elevator etc. la a b— tiaes* cea ter;
leased for five years.
A business block on Telegraph ave.. - stores
and Cats above with vacant corner adjoia-
lcg for .flats; a choice propo*it!c— .
JOS. J. MASOX,
Ccr. Center and Sh at tuck. Berkeley.
NEW cottage. 5 rooms, bath, r-antry. chlr*
closet, mantel, concrete foundation, bay win-
dow; lot 50x127; street work done; cement
sidewalks, pretty garden, fruit trees, chicken
hcuse. barn, etc.; prtee $1SOO: terms *2<j«>
cash, balance $1* monthly. Open Sundays.
O. A RUDOLPH. Lortn station. South
Berkeley.
WHY pay rer.t wh«rt you can buy a 5-room
cottage, bath, pantry, city water, stationary
tubs, brtrk foundation; let O^xllO; 2 blocks
to station and electric cars; prlcse $175O;
terms $250 .cash balance $13 monthly. O. A,
RUDOLPH. Loria station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
WHY pay rent when you can buy a brand
new up-to-date 9-roorn 2-story home, with
laree lot. street wcrk dene and concrete
walks 1b front and around house: only three
blocks to Key route train: 23 minutes to S.
F-: price *350O : terms $250 cash, balance $25
per month. This hcuse will rent for more
than enough to make monthly payments.
Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lortn
statloa. South Berkeley. -
A LOVELY HOME. « NICE P.OOM3: SOUTH
EXPOSURE: VERY URGE LOT AND
CLOSE TO BERKELEY STATION: NEW
A.VD COMPLETE: PRICE ONLY $3000.
JOS J. MASON.
SE. COR CENTER AND SHATTCCK AVE..
BERKELEY.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE. 1018 BROAD WAT.
OAKLAXn REAL ESTATB.
WANTED— Building lets In exchange for Oak-
land business property; value $10,000. Box
833. Call office.
OAKLAND Fl'RMSHED HOUSES. ,
MODERN house of 11 roonu. furnished, from
June 15 to August IS; rent $40. P-onc
Green 773. ¦
OAKLAND' ROOMS.
FURNISHED rooms, with or without board:
central location. ¦ Inquire at 613 Eighteenth
St.. Oakland. -
OAK L4.\n FLKMTtRE FOR SMB.
TO-MORROW the day fcr bargains ta furni-
ture. H.Schellha—s.llth s_. cor.store. Oakland.
San Francisco Adyertisem'ts
PALM1STRT.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientlflc palmist, recently"
from East. 510 Eddy St.; phon* Polk 431 L
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmtat. 313
Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Black 5tfL
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEO5S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence.
1021 >4 Market ¦— ; bet. 6th and- 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of wkekOj
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. .BALL, 1073*5 Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctar;
treats all disease* r.T the hUTSan body; for
past four years at 113-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC1 Geary St.. near Leavenwcrtn.
DR. TONG PO CUT, successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of bunaa
r*/ use of herbs and teas. 727 Wasbiagtcn st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
ease-* cured by Chinese herb*. 74*-S Clay st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARDELL. 15 Page — 0,'urn. housekeeping ncs.;
lower floor; yard; *>.*: g_s; $> week.
BRYANT. 42-1— One cr two nicely furnished
sunay rooms fcr housekeeping. - - ..
BUSH. 8C3 — Two to 4 furnished housekeeping
rooms: rent low; *;-•> singl« rocms; central.
I BUSK. 1423A — U_f_ra!shed front room aaJ
I regular kitchen: reasonable.
CA— XFOIiNIA. 12C4— 2 or 3 nice sunay rooms:
running Water; very convenient; Nob Hill.
CALIFORNIA. 1-304— Sunny frcnt bay-window
room * kitchen, connecting; reas. :no child" a.
CALIFORNIA. 3C31 — Three sunny rooms, nice-
ly furnished for ho— sekeeping: gas range;
garden.
CAPP, 767 — Two elegant sunny front rocnusi
gas range, running. water, bath.
CASTRO. 231— Nicely furnished sunny front al-
cove suite; light housekp?.; ruaalng water. 1
CHESTNUT. 203. North Beach — Saa aad -tew;
good quiet place; housekeeping.
CLAY. 1429— Large front room wtth sis-U
connecting kitchen; first floor; yard.
CLAY. 144C — Three rocms fop housekeeping:
¦superior furnishing and locality; yard..
CLAY. 131? — Clean, sunny connecting rrjoms
for housekeeping; gas range; bath; choice
location. '.'_'¦".
DEVT3ADERO. 513 — 2 Urge front unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
DEVliADERO? 14C4— 2 newly furnished house-
keeping rooms; sunay.
EDDY, 210 — Elegantly furnished double room,
light housekeeping man and wife; also single.
EDDY, 633 — Nicely furnished or unfurnished
4-room apartments: bath; phone; private
residence: reasonable, y^
EIGHTH. 10%— HoiiaeJceeplng rooms, fumla. hed;
bedroom and kitchen. ... . .
ELLIS. 613^ — Two extra nice sunny rooms for
¦ housekeeping; first fioor;. private family. ;., \
FELL. 120 — Sunny housekeeptajj rooms; tath.
gas. phone, running water. " ' •'
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING Con.
FOLSOM. 2«2. ccar. Twenty-iecosd— t ur.fur-
nistci! su_ay front rccms; g3s; b-th; rea-
sonable. " -. - : „ ' ' ¦
GEARY. 777— Sunny ho-J.*»k^ep!r.g rooms; Urje
aad airy; nicely furnished; reasonable.
GEARY. SC7 — Nice frcnt rocm fcr housekeep-
ing; also single room; aew.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 511—3 lance we'l-far-
nishe4 roomsv complete: on main floor.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1323. near Scott at- —
Floor of 4 room." fumi3aed complete t:T
fcousekeering; rent cheap. a_ party has ta
leave tha city.
HOWARD. 535 — Furnished room far house-
keeping. '
HOWAP.D. $22— 3 rattes hrru^kseplng rooma:
rtnt $13: alfa single; rent $lt- . .
HAYES 706 — Two suncv front rocms. unfur-
nished; hoasekeefteg; very reasonable.
HYDE. C53— Nice suany furnished rooats for
housekeeping: also cia«!e non.
JESSIE. 333 — Sunr.7 parlor, furnished hous*-
k*eping; gas rar.g-. gink, elcset; $3 week.
JONES. C17— Nice suite of rooms for Ugat
housekeeping.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartment* 1340 Pine—
Suany furnish-"'! 3-rocm suite* ; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths: rat» t-'.o up.
LA BRANCH HOUSE. 1220 Powell st.. corner
Paci— c — Frcnt family :...*• — »--¦, .r.< rooms;
aiso single fraax rocma: $1 • a week and up.
LACUNA. i:>->7. corner Geary— Neivly fur-
nished s_ cny roc-os. all concectian.; bad. -
phone; modem: private famiiy: re_3O— able.
LARKIN. SWV>— FuraUhe.1 h.7useke-?5fa»;
rooms, large ar.d sur.ny, c<-r.Ten:*at. $1U
LARKIN. 1007. corner Pc«t. The Crasaura—
Sunny fumishe4 rocms. s-.nsla or en suit*;
ho-jsekeepinjt apartments a specialty: baths;
reduce- rates _>' summer; L_ri_3 _n_ dut-
ter-st- cars yass houne.
LEAVENWOP.TH. 111'^— 2 sur^r.y rara. fur-
nished; "gas range; water; ymXtS ttmpt.TX
MCALLISTER. 3A— Sunny front room: bar
window; gas; runnlr:?: water: furnished suit-
able for business offl^e: 4 c-arlirjes witrrta
block: other rooms furnished ligat housekeep-
fcg; gas: water.
McALLI3Te!T~ ««>. cor. Pierce— Elf gantly
furnished sunny corner hcTisekeeplng ™"e<;
electric lights, gas, bath, pho.-.e; reaacnable.
MCALLISTER. 1*71 — 3 sunny connecting
housekeeping; coarptete: kitchen;- gas; all
; convenience; bata: reasonable.
MISSION. Oll'-i — Nicely furnished r*r!or. wita
kitctea: al-a otter con, ho-^^e^rg. rscm_,
NINTH. 153 — Two !a-?e furnished rocma.
complete housekeeping: private family; gas
range; tath^
NINTH. IS:: — 2 large. f_mlsfced rooms, com-
plete he_jekeepi_g; gas rarge; priv. family.
NOE. 67*— Ho_«e!teepir._ rocms: furnished;
$15 acd $_>: use of kitchen, teiirecci or par-
lor floor: ga-. bath; rgfer;r.ce rexJ?r»rl.
OaK. 10—2 rooms complete for housekeeping:
use of piano.
CAK. Ill— One large roora and kitchen; gaa
ar.d bata; complete. |
OAK. e*4— Newly furnlsS-d ruray ho_s»keeu-
ir.ff rocma; water; laundry; bata: pacce; no
children.
O'FARRELL 1335— Nicety furnished sunny
front housekeeping suite. tl<&.
PEARL. 3. ccr. Market— 2 furr.Jsied house-
keeping rccms. $14-$15: ro children. ¦*
POST. 1422— A «utte cf larg* sunny poriors:
nicely furdshed for light hotxsekeesi-g; also
aa alcove suite very reasonable.
STA.VTAX. S04 c?p. Par"* — 3 or i tr. jat suany
cennectiag room s.
SECOND. 4T4— Sur.ar parlors : f-raisaed com-
plete for housekeeping: yard: caildrea ta_»a
also: 17S South Park, rocas. t
SU'1'1 E-Tt 217<> — 3 hct-wkeepirsg; rooms; fur-
nished or unfur_l3_ed; front side rcoca;
phone: bath.
Taylor. 911— Fura. suite, gas range, water.
$12 50; 2 rooms, gas rar.g», $10; 1 nri. $7 50.
THTrd 50 < ' — Summer cut rates: Quiet and
dee. $1 25. $2. $2 25 weekly; suite $10: aa-
cther $14; elegant parlors. :
TWENTY-FIRST. 2344 — Lar«c» corr.er fumis_-
e<i bay-wiadow bo—je'itfeping rooms.
VALENCIA SX»— Nicely ftireiahed sunny al-
cove suite" and kitc_e_; _as ra_g«; bata; no
children.
VALENCIA. 1C33 — 3 large suany furnished
. rooms: coal and gas stove: bata: yard. -
VAN NESS ave_ 10O4 — 2 large sunny newl7
papered rocnis; new carpet*; gas range ;
tath.
~ AP-J-T-CE-fT ~H0PS_3.
X EL DRI5CO APARTMENTS.
COR. PACIFIC AVE AND BRODERICK ST.;
3 4 AND 5 ROOMS. FURNISHED OR UN-
FURNISHED: COMMANDS AN UNSUR-
PASSED VIEW OF THE ENTIRE CITY.
OCEAN AND BAY; YOUR INSPECTION
SOLICITED: BEST OF REFERENCES RE-
QUIRED. MRS. N. FOSTER. LESSEE.
ST.CXCILE 115 FelLabove Van Ne*a ave. — T_»
acme of perfection ta medern. elegantly fur-
nished 3-roo_i apartments, wita private baths,
steam heat, electric light, elevatcr. gas rang?*;
$30. $35. $37. $40. $45. $47 SO. $50. $53.
EL CAMELLO. 1719 Wa_!_=gtcn— 2 to 8 rooca
apartments, newly fura. or unrura.; sunny;
moderate.
BENTON fTneV 835 Octavta. ppp. a beautifol
p_rk — 2 and 3 room apts.. with all mod. con-
veniences; special reductions for summer mot
A— WfclteSeld. 122S McAllister: elegant; »aa3y
unfum. apartments: very desirable; adults.
OCTAVIA. 1423— Most select apartm-nt house
In city; 3-4 rooms: elegantly furnished: re— a.
ELLIS. 322 — Modem suany Cats. 3 D « raw.,
bath, elcset. fura. fcaad.«ot_ely; also It. hijg.
P.CS3WELL 13tO Pise. nr. Hyde — Smartly
furn. (aew) sunny 2-3-4-r5om apartments.
ST LOUIS 1375 Jackson s_ — Modern 3-4-S
room-: furn. or n-nfurn.: refs. Tel. East 135O.
APASX-X-UTTS TO I-3T — yUKj trtitX-*.
THE LORENZO. 41 Octavia it.— Lowest rat*_
for best accommodations: $23 to $33 far
handsomely furnished, very cheerful suites;
all conveniences; all l'.gat rocms.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. «»d titiis.
C_T THE. -I 1 .'' KAHTUYN. ™~~^~^~~*
N. E COR. ELLIS AND LEAVENWORTH.
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN CITY;
JTEW HOUSE: FIRST CLASS;
JUST FURNISHED: HAIR MAT-
TRESSES IN EVERY ROOM: HOT
AND COLD WATER BATHS;
STEAM HEAT. ELEV.VTOR SER-
VICE: EVERY MOD_RN CON-
VENIENCE: ROOM3 $3 PEB
WEEK UP. ]
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14* Sixta St.— Room*
23c t» $1 per nigat, »I 25 to $3 per week aa_
light housekreplag rooms: cpea all night.
AT "The Almocte." S73 Market st. for No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rocms. 2-c. SOc. $1. $1 SO n:_at:
$1 SO to $10 week: hous* cpea all night.
ALDINE. 404 Turk— t Sunny front rooms. $18
acd $12; cne $0;. runnlpj water la all.
BRYANT. 4»4— A fgrnlaaed rocn to let.
BURNETT. 1423 Market (old Ns. 13*4>— Fur-
nished rocms. suite, single; also uafum U3<d.
BUSH. 1011 — Exceptionally large suany rcomi
large clcaet. bath, phcne; desirable; central.
CL1FKOKD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mascn— Elegaatly
furnished sunay roosts; pricta reasonable. ¦
DEVI3ADERO. 106— Fcur well-f_rc__*d •__-
ny room, and bath.
EDDY. 1322, near Flllacre — 2 sunny fu*»
alshed rooraa.
EIGHTH ave.. 70S— Neatly furalshed rocma,
within cce block of -Golde- Gate Park.
ELEVENTH. 21 — Elegant rooma, - r.ste or ea
suite; furnished or unf— r-ished: reference*.
ELLIS. S_«— 2 newly fa__ rooms, new iat;
r-nnlax water, electricity, hot baths. Flat 4.
ELLIS. 1040-JSu_ay suite of single rcoma. cne
unfurnished.
ELLIS, 1162— Double room wtth lavatory.
also social hall, fur two or three ge-tlemea.
ELLIS, 1I«4 — Furnished rocas.
ELMER. 324 Cash— Nicely furnished rocras.
day, week or menth: re_acr_ible.
FAUSTINA. 642 «3«ary— We are n-.aki_£suni-
mer rate*: newly fuml-fatfd raoma; njeeeta
conveniences; select.
FOLSOM. 55S — Three ' unf-rai-hed. »u_ay
rooms, 'racga; large yard.
FULTON. 7. crpcilte City Rail— Two nicely
furnished rooms; to men only.
GEARY 2S7— Nice furnished rooms, centrally
located, sl-gle cr en suite; private.
Continued on Pa^c Tea*
WT~CKI.T. » TROFil FOH Stf.r •-«»»•
PIPE. 2r.d-h_n3. 3, 4 aad 6 Inch, for water
works, irrisratiag or oil plants. THOMPSON.
4'J Main St.
FOR sale — A medern up-to-date National Cash
Register for sale cheap. Inquire the Rigtit-
way Shoo Co.. S12 Market •_
FOR sale — Elcraat electric bath cabinet; reas-
onable. Electric Works, 227 Ellis st.
FGIi sale — At _5S Fourth at-. 10x12 wall teat.
bicycle and saddle.
A BARGAIN; 7-!n:h three-tone steam siren;
good as new. B<x S»72. Call office.
Desk Mle this week cr.ly, 20 per cent off regu-
lar prices. Richardson Bros.. 1S1B Market st.
FOR s_!e chear — 1 -rear-old genuine St. Ber-
nard dog at l'J< 'j San Bruno road.
BEST white l-'ad 7c per nouad: to painters
Ivss. BUTCHER. 741 Ml»«icn st,
AWNINCS. tents. new.»^crnd-hand. SUN TEXT
& AWNING CO.. 42 Spear st. ; tel. John 6488.
TENTS fcr rent cr sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT 4 AWNINO Co.,33 Mkt.Tel.Bush S5?.
PIGEONS — All the leading varieties: stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, offlce 223 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA~Encyclcped!fl, latest edition, 31
vola KING'S, a McAllister St.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Arency, Peter Badgalupl,
moved to 7S6 Mission st- j
ROUND camping teats fcr sale; cheap; some i
new; 18x16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mcntg*y.
EAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAKE? — New and secend-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
targaina Bullard ft Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New *ad second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. :
GASOLINE engines, automobiles aad launches;
all sizes. J. E. E-OAK. 411 Fremont st.
31 1 S CE L LAX EOt' S WANTS .
BIG prices paid for eld gold, eea'.skir.i, dia-
monds gents' full dress suits, etc.; send |
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stccktca st.
MORRI.S gives highest prices for ladles' aad
gentc" castoS clothing; pcstal. 943 Folsttn.
WANTED — Small rooming-house; must be
cheap. Box S47. Call office.
WANTED — To buy second -hand waffle Irons
for wagon. Bex 2<t70_, Call office. .
HIGHEST price paid for caatoff clothing. Tel.
Davis 623; €50 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good secend-haad clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 8th st. : tel. Jessie 2S51.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 7S2 Mission: phone Bush 467.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe. r_re aad quick relief
free 1 Irregularities consult me: my methods
are painlts» and r-liat!e; no failures; no ex-
crblta.-.t fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 > ears 1 experienre In all fe-
rcale disorders ; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st., roccs 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
conipialnts and irregularities; lastant relief
guaranteed : 30 y»ars" experience. S26 Post It.
1IR3. DR. KOHL, relUble specialist for all fe-
male troubles and lrr*^_!arltie»: instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1CC;>4 Market st.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who zn sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
rcmplaint*; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped: the meat difficult cases treated;
advire free. Office. 1016 Market st.
SPECIALIST fcr women; DR. R. H. WES-
TON, office 3T>5 Keamy St.; hours. 10-4. 7-S:
ccr.rtilt _ graduate physician; It pays; lrrejr_-
larities relieved; s_f«. sure and confidential.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, above Van Nesi — Ex-
pert ia obstetrics, female complalats; inst.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 23 yrs.ex.
MRS D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladies'
speci_li«t: a private home before and during*
connnement; b*st medical cars; low fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER, having secured lease of
premise?, U permanently located at 51L\
Learerworth s_, b*t. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kurr.rouad: eafe. sure, never fails;
$2. GleaMsn-Ruggles Drug Co.. Keamy & Clay.
LADIES 1 Irregularities cured; 1« years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny St.
DR. ROSEN resides 29i3 Folsorn St., corner
2€th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112B Market.
moxey to loax.
IXC^SeSmas "murphy ~
e01-eO2-6O3 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment-
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc. , legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly cocfldentlaL
When You Need Money
Eee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. "d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate cf interest.
Give full particulars .
cf property or chattels!
. Location etc
Box 490. Call offlce.
LOV.'EST BANK RATE.
Aiy amount; first and second mortgages,
estates la probate, undivided Interest la
estates assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate cf !ntere#t.
RIVER3 BROS., 205 Montgomery st,
AAA — Interest C per cent (read Sunday papers).
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK
..City Oakland, Town. Country Property..
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (city agents).
107-8 Crocker bu|l(ilr.y — Poet-Market sts.
SALARY LOANS— ~ ~
Money loaned salaried peor-Ie without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge cf employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly en furniture or piano,
without removal or other tecurtty; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. t"S Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market at.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal a_ %'ances en diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per ctnt interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
S4C Market: tel. Mala 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY leaned en diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables, our fireproof vault is protect-
ed from buririaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boariilag-hcuses. without
security; easy payments; large business tn
4U principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bids.
THE United Lean aad Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upetairs). loans money on diamonds. Jew.
dry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phcne Bu*h 454.
1 PER cent on furniture or piarros: no removal:
no commission: no publicity; $23 up; quick
quiet, confidential. 2tf Montgomery st.. rm. 7.'
MONEY to lean ca low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at XV. J. HESTH-AL'S. 10 Blxth st.
AT lowest rates oa furniture and pianos; strict
privacy: no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
STAR Lean Co. of Wyoming loana money to
salaried employes. R. 31 L Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid: Oakland efnee, 1103ft Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 1C3 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Pbelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
ALL Isans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny.
1 PER cent oa furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
1% PER cent en furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVINO. 616 Hearst bid.. Ex. eat.
CASH Iraned salaried people on notes without
tr:rtc— =er MOHFT.L cx<0 Kramlner building.
OFFICES AM) ->'roUi-_ TO LET.
A SUITE of 4 office rooms, large, sunny, oa
Sacramento St., near Montgomery. Apply
to WEISSBEIN BROS. i.CO.
CHURCH. 13C0— Fice stcre: 5 rooms, bath,
gas: large yard: stable; cheap.
; STORE and 4 rooms; modern. 3S0S Seven-
teenth- st.. near Sanchez.
FINISHED basement with sidewalk elevator.
1 C7C-S Valencia . St., or. Sixteenth; reasonable
AT C. n. IIANSEN & CO.. Employment Agts..
4_» Bash rt., C12 Clay st.
Ilead cock, summer resort, *»: cook and
fcelper. isstitutica, country. $*>: dishwasher.
Santa Crux. $3c : fry $r4 xee< , )i . cook-
cour.try he tel. $50; cocks, waiters, porters,
bell and ele-atcr boys. dl_hw_s_ers for city
acd country. $15 to $100
-^ 1— torer*. pick and shovel wcrk. aear city,
start to-day, f_re _5e, $2.
. .r.-. ;.. te«msiers, farmers . haymakers: farmer
who can do bUeksmrthto*. Si 30 a day;
ranch blackittith. $S0.
Tunaelmrn. laborers, teamsters, for R- R.
wcrk, Cslifcrala. Soathera Califoraia, Ari-
sona. Nevada, wages $2 to $.1 S<>.
C. R. HANSEN &. CO.. Employment Ag'Cts.,
423 _-gh St.. C42 Clay et.
WANTED— Men learn the barber trade: why !
ycu BhooM l«ara at lUights College: he |
pars h'.s ir.structor hl^htr wsges than ether
colleges; students) from other cclltges pay 1
n:m to rra<i_ite them; he finishes you in a i
**¦ rber shop: he teaches ycu cheaper. Ca'-l '
at Halght s College. C47 Co.-r.mercUl st.. S. F. j
ARCHITECT wanted: a competent maa to |
design factories; cae who has tad seme
nieehanical experience preferred: state ex-
! perlence. references and salary expected. Box
21S0. Call of ace. j
MARIUED man. between 23 ar.<i 30. good hab-
its and education, ambitious to advance and
will «ive honen eCcrt for fair salary and
expenses st start: state ex_*rience and rtf- 1
erccces. Ecx 2535. Call office.
ALL
Men to Warn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required; positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
cCtr acd cataiojrue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. C33 Clay st.
TRY cur men's she**, ur.icr. made, at $1 aad
$1 CO pair; foct-forta shoes at $3 50; we pay
express or mall charges. II 34 «..Exam. bid.
LABOR debts collected; suit., attachments.
Law acd Adjustment Co.. 3_S Mcntffy. r. 415.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learr.lr.ic. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and young man <greea hands) for
g_ir». HAIXCERT. S17 Jackson st.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullls. r.40. Fhelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Pest. G. A. R.
6AILORS ar.d crdlaary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: £5c cijtht: reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to aad frv>m ferry-
ADVERTISMENTS. subscriptions received at
Call branch office. ccr. Duncan and Church tts.
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly da.-najr»d.ha'f
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. l?t and 2i sts.
GET yocr shoes half-eoled while waiting: lie
ta SOe. Sfa Mlssinn «t.. bet. l«t and 2<1 nts.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; *end fcr cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN &. CO.. 20 Mcr.tircmery.
TO LET — Fl_e house and stable. 131 TMr-
teesth gt.
HOl'SES TO LET — FIRMMIED.
TO let — Furnished house of 7 rooms for three
months. 137') Eleventh ave.. Sunset IH'tnct.
HOUSES FUaSTSHE-t — SXTBTTSBAI?.
FOR rent in Mill Valley: furalshed 7-room
rbrsuse; bath: hot water; also furnished tent.
For particulars Inquire at IPS DavU ft.
BOCSES FLKMSI1KD FOIt SALE.
$_5<>— FUP-NI5HED hcuse. S rcoms. toilet anl
bath: rent $4O: rood furniture; Mason.' near
Ptse. BERG-ARMSTRONG CO.. 319 Kearny.'
CHEAP fcralsted house. 5 rooms. 2 White
place, eff Jcnes St.. bet. Putter ar.4 Bush.
HORSES AAD \VAGO.\«.
FCR sale — Pacing mare. $173; 7 years eld. very
fast; geatle la every respect; safe fcr wo-
man to drive; will go double. Fcr particu-
lars address box SK». CalL
3 FINE lame hrrses. 5U years old: weight
1*«» pounds and 1700 pounds each: perfectly
matched; also others; open to-day, Frsnday.
1S_4 Fclsom *_. between 14th and II th.
A — TWO carloads gentle draft horses, 14^iO to
1S00 pounds, at FRED M. CHASE i. CO.'S,
1732 Market st.
EXTRA Cne camp wagin for sale, with para-
phernalia: alfcO 10 wcrk - aad 3 driving
!-. r««-« 673 Folscm St.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday: horses, wag-
ens, rurreys. buggies carts and harness; at
114ft Fclsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Ccsta
County. Nucleus Et— ties. 190 Stevenson. S. F.
FOR sale — 5- year-old mare; well broken;
weight 1100. 1507 Mission.
A FIRST-CLASS saddle hcrse for eale; gentle
and suitable for a la<ly. Box fcS6, Call.
FOR sale — A fine saddle horse fcr $45. Bex
900. Call office.
PIANO box buggy for sale. Box CO, Call.
LIGHT, cashlor -tired read bu«ry for sale; la
good crdtr. Bex 55S, Call office.
$35— HIGH buery; good condition. At
JOTCE"S stable. 721 Valencia st.
FCR sale — Two eecend-hand platform spring
wagsns and one truck. 233 Beale et.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1C15 Market «.. err- Frar.klln.
WAGONETTES. Bcrreys, buggies, wagcas. har-
ness, work and driving horse.. IStb-Valencla.
INVESTMENTS. ~
GOOD investment — A limited aumber of shares
at 25c per share: this stock will be worth
cae dollar <$1) per share wtrnra a year; call
cr write Osceola M!r.:ag snd Development
CcmrTT. 414 CmCTley tnlldlnr. P. F.
LOST AAD FOCXD.
LOST — Diamcnd-emerald horseshoe pin. Very
suitable re— -ari. Return to cashier, G. H.
UMESEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
LOST — On road between Sausalito and MI'l
Valley. Masonic charm. Return to room 23,
40 Ellis St.. and receive liberal reward.
LOST — At Es-caile station, leather grip. Re-
turn to agent at Larkspur; reward.
FOUND— On Market st-, Saturday night, a
purse cents iaiag r !cn»y. Box 3.VJ2. Call.
_-_u~rc~txs xo» irra-t.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleact— -e aad business ; tel. Buih 634.
J. Mienaelis Launch Co.,Union-tt. Wharf: boat-
ir.s * excursions. S Pteuart st. | te!. Jchn 2USS.
MISCELL.1XEOIS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH i; WOLPMAN. U«.V1S7 Fremont st.
LOES YOUR HOOF LEAK?
Repair it with eiaterite: ia rolls easy to lay:
nee<l3 no pamtlns cr co— 1_ :g; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best fcr aew roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps.
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought sold,
rented and excharjed; *e« Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale -t.
PAINT yocr old and new metal and shingle
reefs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to etcp a!I !eaks In the cae and preserve tha
new. 2C3 Frtnt St.; tel Main 1423.
H B SMITH taortlcer heavy. Fay gig saw; 5
¦t'indle borlns machine, heavy: 10 spindle
borinr machine. Berkeley Planing Mill.
Berkeley. '
A— FINE suits. $7 30: dress pant«. $2 50. Orig-
tr_»l Misflt Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearsy st-.
near Bush: open ta 9 p. tn.. Suaday to noon,
A— BUYS, sells cr rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers. ¦ water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc WHITELAW, 2S3-2S3 Spear st.
A— CO BARRELS cf bended w_rt_ky for sale;
small or lar-e let*. United Lo*n acd Trust
Co.. 21 Stockton st. '
GENTS' full drcse. Pr!rce Albert and Tuxedi
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN ilROS.. 23
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry fcr sale on
•mall weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved frcxa Palace Hotel _> 21 Stockton St., ;
ur-sta!rs.
ALTi_KATION sale— Best $2 50 hats, $1 50.
Poeular Price Hatter, 33O Kearny st.. near
Pine; cr*n to 'J p. ra. : Sundays to noon.
TRY cur men's shces at SI and $1 50 pair;
foot-forta -hc*s at 52 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, eld geld end dia-
mc-nds bought: *er.4 postal: will call. New
Municipal Loan Office. 617 Washington st. '
LAUNCH bontins cabin for sal*. C. A. Me
NEAL LAUNCH CO- foot Clay et.
J R1UV & n_AUT. Phcce M»!n &S4S.
UH4-*c:<j Clay st. ;sis Than- Miir.
. I -< • f-S i-_-.!.Loy_je_t and Labor Atects.
J*_L?i G »* * 1*J4 We Hoce to
¦_"*. M f" w cr*- Iacrea** «to00i
f^H'TfS- GERMAN. FRENCH.
ITALIAN. SU ISS. GREEK
SKSP^ it^ 2 M°i__:<
___ %X0 MEN WANTED.
h.NrRnU< GOING DAILY; ARE YOU?
T?a_-.stfcr*. Laborer*. Hammermen. Drillers.
_ $2. «_ So. $3, $3 60 Day.
F_0£__XC£, cer.trr cf prtat mines. Ariscna.
KliEE FARE— % HOURS DAY.
-o State of NEVADA— N-VADA-^ETADA
Ur.jted SUt« Gcvemmcnt Work.
.-i^_ drillers. te_m*ter» liborers. roctaneT:.
coarrete rc:i,er». tuoaelaie-n. $2. $2 5t\ $3,
•^ ¦*" — * hc-nrs, overtime r_!d.
ST «: FEE THATS ALL. 2 years' wort
Ni i;ra-Fi:_E fare— east— south.
:m> lascren. bo ex^erteac* required. you/U
t_'.t. 1
niEE TO-DAY— YOU GO FREE.
CHEAT LUMBER TRUSTS.
li»S labcrer?. lumber cempar-ie*. »33 to $C0 fd.
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIES.
¦i !*bcr*rs. fcremea tor mines, tV) tt $30 fd.
IS ir-.llcrs. »o fare to ray. *«r7 50.
LABORERS. TEAMSTERS.
« scraper aad sand wages teamsters. $2 23
204 laborers. a_ over California, son:* In
>ar Francisco. g2 aad $2 SO a day
Zo labcrers. s hours' wcrk dally. THAT'S
ALL. (2 a day.
hay and harvest hands. :
tl baynjaken. all over State. $1 50 day fd.
2* harve-t taads. eack sewers, pitchers, etc
$2 a <!a» aad lousd-
IS teamster*, extra good Job*. $1 SC acd $2
a <_lj- a— d .: ;
dairymen— stablemen.
ft t-Ukers. extra good jots com*, see. $13,
$40 and focad.
< tutter-c-mers. 2 cht-e»e__.kers. $40. $50 fd.
:* statlemen. dty and cou_try Jcba, $75.
$oO. tZi ar.4 fo-jnd.
GAP.DEXEES — CHOREMEN.
5 gar_ec«r». private Jcbs. boss here, $33,
J30 and fauad.
«> chrremen and beys. _i_ere=.t Joba. $33,
$io. $25 and found.
1« HAY BALERS. 25c TON.
E5 crrhard ard vineyard hands, permaaent
jobs. $26, $_0. $35 and
MjIRPJED.
S men ae<i wives fcr farms, orchards, vine-
yards. dairi«. mines, etc. $40 $30, $60.
JTi and found.
MECTIAXICAL.
Tl_Eer, $3 day.
TRADESMEN.
< saat and doer ha ads, lumber company. $3
ta $3 60 dar.
:« b!ac_s__t_a, __Ierent places. $3. $3 50
<i*y.
e carriage painters. $12 to $13 week.
Weavers ca biankets,
2 trick loaders, cccstry. _3c M.
Screw turners, edgerman. hook tenders.
Lcgsrer. und-entands ri»rgi=g, L- Co.. $<J0 ft
12 shl_gle pack. era. cut-c_ sawyer.
ifCider aad ctlcker hand.
Carriare pa'.r.ter and sticker hand. $4 day.
Pairter. carriage works, fare SI, $50 found.
12 cacswrc. slack work, call very early.
WOODCHOPP_P_5.
tr-« woodcheppers. everywhere in the Etate.
Lc^rger. Dclb«er togg1~g dc_key. $73 found.
IS cock s. springs, resorts, bctela, campa,
rr.:-e». rarche*. _Uoo_c, etc. *7O. $«0. $50.
*+0. »30. f_5 roccd.
I* waiters, bctela, cafes, etc.. $40. $33. $30.
?25 ar.d fouaJ.
2>i dlthwaahe:-. «* tat. f_5. $30. $20 f.;_ad.
U i->rtfrs. bell aad elevatcr beys, $30, $25,
$20. $_S and found.
IOOK.
4 bcy». city factorle*. M w-ek. omnibus boys.
LAUNDRTMEN.
Lacndrrman. lnstituUoc. xso and found.
1% ..:..—"-"". all over Calif omia.
BAKERS.
FTrrt. teerad. third, fourth hands, takers
Farmer aad wife, Mosterey Co.. easy jcb.
*5<> and foond.
Carrlare painter, brush band. K day.
3 hf«ti*rs. city Job*. $75. •
Married -srmer. $2 day.
Milker aad wife. Co!u«a Cocsty, $30 fo_ad-
Tansaie tsaker. eccstry Job.
Oxjea te___ner. rarcber cc.. $30 found.
LOOK.
e*roci cock, a^tel. tV: pantrrman. $30 fd.
Second baker, fare *3 .v>. »45 round. ¦
LUMEER.
Elgertr.an. rugar rine. $3*» f— ir.d.
Head dickey-can, L. Co.. $30 fsund.
Crosscut sawyer, fare $2 23, $33 fc-snd.
Gardeser. « cow*, private, tare $L $40 fd.
CM MILES.
$4 o« $4 "«.
BCWJtfcL SOUTH. SOUTH.
155 ttnftf— . rcs» see. $C>.
MURRAY & READY. «34-«36 Clay St.
FC REMAN* fcr crchard viseyard. scsth. good
*****' BTTCHEES
Batcfcw and bo>kkeer«er comtrtned. man to
v-t. country chop: r*Ien races preferred.
C—rjwnter. ran<-h. fare "1 25. %4O found.
S «laugiter-fcou«* butche— s. ranch. $5O f ound.
FOREMAN FOR AN
Irrir* itica fru'.t ranch.
MURRAY 4 REACT. «54-C» Clay st.
BAKER, tsstlts-oa. fare $2 5O. $5O to $33 fd.
Carr-ecter. factcry, fare 10c. $3 day.
Plumtier. tinner, scrth. $2 JO day.
Blacksmith, fare fl 4O. «3 Cay.
Biacksmith ranch, fare $1 50. f2 day f^ur.d.
« milkers together, extra g-xxl Jot. $35 fd.
3 sheep keri«?r». fare $1 50. C3O found.
MURR-VY _ READY. 634-«3<J CUy ft.
FARE PAID — COUNTRY HOTEL.
2 waiters. 125 found: pantryman. $20 found.
Clerk, eou—try _r.ercfea=dl»« store. $30 found.
Walter. Fresno Couctj-. $40 found.
MUTLRAY 4 READY. C34-CJ5 Cay et.
WAREHOUSE WORK.
Ift labcrers to handle grain. $3 day.
MJZlwrirat, factory. !4 day.
C_rp*cter. factory. $3 50 day.
4 plumbers. $4 day.
E3ack«sit_. cr-cr.try *aop. $3 day.
FtabJerr.an. cocntry. $3 day.
F-utrgT washer, cocntry. f*>.
M13c wagoc driver, city. «40 found.
Elacksmith helper, country, $2 5O day.
Blacksmith. Eaa Mateo Co.. J40 *ce__.
FREE FARE.
10 laborers, new l^b. free fare.
LOOK'.
3 camp ~"aiter». $30 and four.d.
Camp JIstwa»Ber« $3r» and found.
corJc, mine bcardtnsr-house. $40 fd.
Cork. 3 tr.en. ranch. $30 ard fnur.d.
3 t_acaln» rr.'.rers. roli <j-_arti ir.lae, $5*0.
MURP.AT & READY. C34-CJ6 Clay st.
AT HOED * SMITHS.
65 Tfc'.rd st.; telephone M_ia 5S2L
Ftatlemen. city. $2 50.
Cock, city bcardir.g-t'~:se. tZO.
Man to drive ~-CBO, $40 ar.d fd.
Boy* icr factory, good trade, city.
Artxor.a. Florence, fare $lf» 05 —
Labcrers and teasa-tera, $2.
TuKuelmca. Iluxcbtldt Co., $2 50-$2 73. cheap
fare
PlpcSait. Mcnterey Co.. labcrers. $3 23.
Teamsters, dty. $1 -0 and fd.
Labcrers, $2. tare 23e.
N-i-a'a. -.aboi-n and teamsters. $2 23.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, £C Mcntgoaiery St.. r 12
— Pet— -a.-Ser. tM; 2 c_i_p waiter*, near city.
$SO: 2 -f_lter». country. $30; b_rkeev«r, $40;
!.ort«-r. $3(»: tiliffct clerk. $40 aad rocm.
V.AN7ED fcr U. S. army, able-bodied ua-
Er.arried tr.tr.. b»t»eta ages cf 21 aad 33;
citizens of the United States, cf good char-
acter a_4 tersperate babits, who cas epeak.
read acd write Eoellsh. Fcr information
«:;':¦ to Recruiting OJ£cer. Rlalto building.
New Moctgcmery *t.. taa Frar.cisco. or 1023
Second st., Facranser.tr. Cal.
WANTED — A steady tr-aa to leara a trade;'
will r-uwi* la «aort time $50 a isorta. SlOVs
Fclsora #t.. upetatr*.
NEAT-APrEARING *T.*rxrrilc man or good j
aidrets. A^-pJy 121 Geary st.. roera C_9.
WANTED— A cock for rerticrar.t at 60S How-
crd »t ; r.c Sunday wcrk.
ELEVATOR boy at 23 Stockton t.
WANTED— Bartender. German or Scaadisa-
vian, ?4>.» tcund: rtfe. IJox SC32. Call office.
CARPXNTEp3Tw_Btei A^iy 1074^4 Howard
at. ; no crion t— en w_nted.
EOOTBLACK la barbcr-thop. IOCS McAI-
llrUrr St.
V.AX7CI) — Tt— »e Cr»t-ria*» carrUge black-
• -:¦•- and three :.:>•-<-. = «i body makers:
erx/i wage* «-d steady employment to right
parties. AM.lv A. MEIETER & SONS CO,
SairaraeMe. Cal.
WAXTED — Educated certieman wno bas «jx>od
tjMjwledjre cf cyrlcpedaui; $1200 per year;
r' ferences required.
Uc-reraity Iwi.-ty. bfjt 21C9. Call.
WANTED-^Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Raikta. Reao House proprietor, has
ad-led 1C« _e— r rnoma to the Denver Hocse.
217 Third *t- : 25© rooms; 20c to 50c per eight.
EXCELLENT cpenirg for bustling «olirttors:
steady end good paying posuU— as. Apply £50
Market »t.. rocms 43 asd 44.
EARBER fhrp; 3 chairs. bath. bo-nblick
ataod: la !iie!y tcwa: moaey-malter: ane
locatlcn. Ecx 3. nacerville.
TKIMMEH wrar.ted. Apply to CHAS. LYONS,
Lcr._cn Taiior. 721 Markn ¦_
A prrf-table cuttrsc: ri«-k hepe iaWuynJt. Writ*
E.CT.EMKN^ liOr.ST CO .;_: r-atTeryst..5F.
SOLICITOR for merrhant tailor; CP©d ladace-
oaesta. 11-3 Market et.
CABRIAGE m-oo<:»orkers wanted at O'Briea
_ Scs'a. 1'cli »: and Golden Uate ave ]
rJft —in 1.1 ¦¦ni -1 -ir_fi_ii_MWfi n'^iTin ii'nffliwn_B_^_f^a-M_i_s_t tfTs_i_M_fl-lss__i
_ V* i« 1 \ I S S\ I / i / \ — ' / If i\ i 1 — "W/ v. I 1 / V 1 1 — "I «V 1 II /C — ' 1 ¦"¦"¦ ¦¦ / \\ \ \
kkUV nLL \) A NPW iPMP v H HF- A A o**>o
¦ u v _ 1 \ v____ a — i V/ r 1 I \ a 1 „ > 1 9 /r r !__ ___-_« rv. L—l e \\ -. BBS l_i— y^Lti \L_L-
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOIt SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
CIS Market Street.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY June 14, 1904
At our salesroom at 12 o'cl'jck noon.
• MISSICfN FLATS.
No. ICtS Capp ft., north of 2Uth: lot 65x113
feet: Improvements consist of 3 separate bulM-
Ing-i. containing 9 flats in all with 6 rooma and
porcelain bath in each; lot has two front_ges;
total rents $217 50 per month.
STEINER-STREET RESIDENCE.
No. 603 Stetner St., north of Fell; lot 27:6x
110- feet: improvements consist of a 2-story resi-
dence, containing 6 rooms, bath and laundry.
MISSION COTTAGE. '
No. 38S6 Twenty-third st,. east of Noe; lot
25x114 feet; improvements consist of a. cottage
cf 7 sunny rooms and bath on main floor; also
pertly finished attic containing 5 rocms. This t
place Is in excellent condition, almost new,
modern and always rented for $50 per month;
$2200 mortgage can reaiatn.
GEARY-STREET INVESTMENT. '
No. 938 Geary X.. east of Polk; extremely
large lot. SS:ttxl20 feet; through to a rear
street; present improvements consist of a 2-
story frame dwelling containing 7 rooms and
bath. This Is an excellent site for an apart-
ment house.
TENTH-ST. BUSINES3 INVESTMENT.
Nos. 317-17 <4 Tenth St., south of Fclsom: .lot I
25x100 feet: improvements, consiet of a store
and 3 rooms in rear and a flat of 6 rooms and
bath above; rent very tow at $40 per month.
. PINE-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 22VJ Pine St.. west cf Webster; lot 25x
100 feet; improvements ccnslst of a ti-roonx cot- [
tage. •
MISSION-STREET BUD-DING LOTS.
S.E. comer of Mission st. and Russia ave.;
11 lots to be sold as per diagram.
MCALLISTER ST. BUILDING LOTS.
B.E. cor. of McAllister st. and Masonic ave.;
3 lots to be sold as per diagram. '
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
S.W. cor. of 20th st. and Potrero ave.: lot
26x100 feet: improvements consist cf a store
with 4 living rooms In rear; fine flat containing
6 rooms and bath, range in kitchen, large high
basement floored aad contains one rocm. brick
foundation: also stable and loft for 4 horses.
WESTERN INVESTMENT.
No. 2907 Washington st., west cf Devisade.ro;
lot 25x125 feet; Improvements consist of a' 2-
story frame dwelling substantially built, new
plumbing and recently renovated for 2 separate
families; 3 rooms dowastairs and 4 rooms and
bath upstairs; mortgage of $3000 can remain;
rent $45 per month.
•7 EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market street.
$1 23 PER week: no Interest: lots .3 the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
las to do; ready to build your llttls bom*
en; close to electric cars aad school.
W. J. WHITE.
29 Montgomery «.. room 5.
WHY. If you want a home In the Mission,
don't you see these lets 25x125, west Iln*
Noe St.. 2C0 feet south of 19th st.? We fur-
nish you the lot aad money to build. You
pey us back same as rent: lets only %l(**};
graded, ready • to lay foundations: actually
cheap for $150O. DOLAN CO.. owners.
A HOME
That will pay for itself for sale by the Me-
chanics' Hcrae Dulldlng Company; two new,
modern fiats of 5 and 6 rooms, high base-
ment; large lot; on east side of Third ave.,
between A and B sis., north of park. See
them to-day. Agent on ground.
$375C — A 8-ROOM residence; porcelain plumb-
ing; modern mantels, tiling: lot 25x120, with
rear L; west line; 120 2d ave.. ISO ft. south
Lake or Sacramento st. : $5C0 cash; $30 mo.;
eame as rent. Dolan Co.. owners, 24 Mont.
FREE homestead presented by Uncle 5an ua-
dtr new Government canal la Nevada. Se«
J. E. GORDON. eSS Crossley blig.. 2:3© to 3
p. m. dally. .
FOR sale — $12,000. cash $2000. 3 swell marine
view flats not yet completed; rents $1320
per annum; north line Gre*n st.. Nos. la«4-
€6-6-8. east of Laguna: every room Is and will
be sunny: every possible latest improvement;
let 23x137 :& Apply at the premises. 11 to 3.
FOR eale — 3 fine flats, <J aad 7 rooms, baths:
paying property; central: leaving city; no
agents. Box S55, Call office.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full ccst of bulld-
lcgs and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank,
107-8 Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first clans by AHL-
BACH * MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE — Coo -try— For Sale.
WHITE & BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$12.500— Splendid stock ranch and general
farm 2C0O acres ; 4 miles from Courthouse,
Mendoclno County; 2C0 acres tillable; 2 com-
plete nets of farm buildings; w«lt supplied wtth
water and an abundance of live oak timber:
there are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
f isCOQ — Only 3V» miles of Geyserville. the Gem
of Sonoma County; *» mile good school; rural
mall delivery; BO acres; 30 acres rich bottom
land; 2 acres orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing; 5 acres alfalfa; well fenced and cross
fenced: 5-rocm house, 2 good barns, rice
spring; have other bargains in this superb sec-
tion.
KXO — 13 acres level land, 7 miles of San
Jone; all in vineyarl: house.
1 $2tMX> — JO-acre dairy and poultry ranch. 1
mile of town; hill land; _ houses: barn: corral;
poultry houses. 2 Incubators; 2 brooders; f_rm-
tnjr tor.la: fenced; 4 cows; 2 horses; 225 chick-
ens; fine market.
$600 — One minute's walk of church and
school. 4 miles of town: 1^4 acres; nice 4-room
hcuse: large barn; poultry houses: rich garden
land with easterly slope; /n main sprinkled
rood: rural delivery; Ideal poultry farm.
$3200 — In city limits of Petaiuma; 2^i acres;
neat cottage; barn; 5 poultry houses: 2 brood-
ers; 1 Incubator; 2 wagons; harness; horse;
Jersey cow; 450 chickens; all In bearing fruit;
see photos of select Petaiuma homes at thU
of fire.
$3000 — 3 miles of Santa Rosa; 200 acres; 20
acres tillable soil; SCO cor is of wood; house:
barn: running water: 10 head of cattle: 25 head
of hcg!>; other bargains in this superb section.
$CCO — Only 1 mil* of town; 60 acres; hcuse,
trees, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom land;
placer and quarts gold; 2 garden patches, out-
side range, tools, furniture; forced sale.
$4000— Near Merced City, en main road; 40
acres rich land: 5 acres bearing olives. 10
acres alfalfa: 5*4 acres bearing orchard; 2
wells; all under ditch; fine cottage, 5 rooms:
steet windmill and tank; good barn: toolnouse;
granary; poultry houses; Incubator housts: nice
ln<-o_M:; cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided In
small tracts at $65 per acre; one-third of crop
with place.
Adjoining ths town cf Lodl. both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under ditch;
$IC5 ta $1C5 per acre.
$0* per acre: 10 acres up; under ditch: 4H
miles from Lodl. en main county road: also
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 an
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have. several parties with good income
prrperty to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodattng-houses; many cash buyers; list your
property.
$25»".O — (ft acres: S miles from Santa Cms; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
some steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing: good 7-room hou«e, barn, outbuild ings;
bank foreclosure; $5uO down and balance
monthly payments If desired. »
jyXHJ — Best ranch la Southern Orders; 320
acrts; 2 sets good improvements; w^H fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; farming tooLs; outside range.
|45Cv — SO aores close to Morgan -Hill. Santa
Clara County; 20 acres bearing orohard and
vlneyatd. 10 acres hill pasture; nice harj
finished cottage of 5 rooms; outbuilding; tine-
la<-cme; would trade fcr Income city property.
SJiiG— Only C miles from Courthouse; so
acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
patt cash: near Red Bluff.
|17 CCO — Finest ranch in San Joaquta County.
between Stockton and Lodl; water near sur-
face; gcod house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
450 acres rich land, 1 mile of Calaveras Riv»r.
on main road; mortgage $3000; would trade fcr
first-class property near city. • .
Coun'ry hotel live town; Alameda. County;
lot S0:*2ttV fine trade; 14 large rooms: house
for telo; large stable; ouibuiMIr._s; opposite
n«w station; $33C0.
$2"3fll — 10 acres, all In apricots jest com-
mencing to be_r; 6 miles from Saa Jose; lovely
home* i.a'f cash.
J1700— la Scncraa City: 3^, acres; all level;
rood house, bam. windmill. tankhoUse: 13 pooi-
t-y houses and yard*; «on» alfalfa; spring
w_ccn: GM> chickens: feedhouse.
$:acO— 136 acres east of Saa Jose; 123 acres
In hay; good soil.
S«nd stamp for printed list.
WHITE A BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery St.. Room S.
Property Exchanges a Specialty. .
ALFALFA lands stock ranches, orchards,
vlncyirds: Inspected barFains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Marktt sL . .
SOUTHERN Oregon Irrigated lands, dairy
farms stuek ranche*. alfalfa land, timber
land mines. S. C. TRAYNF.R. 504 Keamy,
KLMIIURST REAL ESTATE.
$73 EACH— $5 down. $2 SO a month, with-ut
interest: fiae lots, close to the station: only
a few left. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
POLVT RICHMOND REAL ! ESTATE.
4 CHOICE lots for sale cheap for cash. Ap-
ply 328 Bush St., room 4, third floor.
finiiiii ifin'Tif 1" inYiTTTr m irrtTnrfiii rimii~TTTir_nnTiB-_ili
MUSICAL IXSTRIMEXTS.
ALL CFRiaHTS.
Neubert, new I2MJ, now $C0.
F;*cner, new J.-J25. now $S5.
Hertz, new S3O>. now $<i«.-
Russell, new $3S3, now $135.
Colby new $425. now J1S0.
2 Chickerings. new $450, now $100, $133.
2 Stelnways, new $575. $7-0, now $1S3, $323.
Heine, new $575, now $333.
And 60 ethers; squares far next, to nothing:
rents $2 up; Installments $4 up; old organs
or planoa taken In exchange: tuning $2, fin- !
est workmanship. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-
237 Geary St.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
AAAAA — FINE assortment of second-hand up-
rights from $40 up. including such makes as
Chickertng. Vose, Steinway. Steck. Knab*.
Mathushek. Sterling. Curtaz, Erard and
ir.any others on easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farrell st. •
A SENSATIONAL fire — Storage pianos and
furniture will L«e removed to North Beach
aad burn?d If not sold la a few days; this |
means storage planes and rnrnirure almost
cheaper than fira wood, and must be re- j
moved. WMtehead'a Storage, 1C3G Market. |
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest j
and best stock In San Francisco to select !
from; rls°o« from $30 upward; cur line the '
best, our prices the lowest ECOTT CURTAZ i
PIANO CO.. 560-g4 Hayes st.
GOOD> standard uprizht piar.o for sale; $35.
ST ATH A M. 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cectllaa piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 3CS-312 Post st,
A BEAUTIFUL Steinway upright grand. a_
rood as new: cbeajx Homung. 216 McAllister.
$IC3 — STEINWAY upright; private party; no |
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st. j
NEW upright rinses sold oa $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; dickering baby grand;
Shoninc'r. little u«ed. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
~~ PERSOXALS.
DR. ROWELL' S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore threat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
A NEW METHOD — Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my method; magnetic
massage by appointed graduate, eld school;
strictly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSER.
e37 Bush at., apt. 309; phone Front S7.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth.stQps f-lling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanse, scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,133S Polk.
A MAN dclng business for himself, has a goo-1
home, age 43. would like to correspond with
lady under 40; give particulars la first let-
ter; object matrimony. Box 2581. Call.
Cancerous lump*, sores, impure Blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
(killed speclaltst from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
coring organic weakness, drains, varicocele.
etc.; easily worn; $2 5*) postpaid: physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary. S.F.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St.,
¦ between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than coet; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trou«ers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YCU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 SO
dewn and II 5O per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post, near Powell.
SUPERFLUOUS hair * moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers.lKO Market
TAILOR-MADE *u!t $7 50; dress pants $2 GO,
Misflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actlna restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 10th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 363 Sut-
t«r. r. CfO. MUs Eaton. 233 Geary, rocm 31
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country criers. GOLDSTEIN * CO..733 Mkt.
ALFP.EDUM'S Emptlan Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1 at all druggists.
~~ ™~ FATESTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 8 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market St.
» *3
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS — State Prison Supplies — Sealed
proposals wUl be received at the office of
the Clerk at the State Prison. Saa Queatlo.
until 10:30 £ m., SATURDAY, the lath day
of June. 1004, and at the office of the Clerk
of the State Prison at Folsom until 9:34 a.
— .., SATUP-DAY. the 25th day of June,
13O4, at which times and places they will
be cpened ii the presence of bidders, for
furnishing and delivering supplies for said
prisons, consisting cf subsistence stores,
fcrage, fuel, fuel oil. furnishing power to
run the jute mill and electrical appliances
' fcr lute mill at San Quer.tin. clothing, med-
lcices, lime, cement and other staple sup-
plies, from July 1. 1904. to June 30. 1306, In-
clusive, on conditions as per printed sched-
ules which will be furnished upen applica-
tion at either of the above offices. No bid
will be considered unless made unoa said
schedules, nor unless accompanied by the
certified check therein required, nor from
• ny ether parties than bena fide dealers la
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent cf the amount of his bid. payable to
the President of the Board, conditioned, that
the bidder win enter Into a contract upon
notice of acceptance, as required by law.
Bids for etther prison must be marked sep-
arately. All payments made on contract wUl
b- paid in ca xh or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the condlticns
cf the schedules. The Board reserves the
right to reject any or all bids, as the public
lsterest may require, and to order any quan-
tity 'over or under tte amount specified.
R M. FITZGERALD, President, J. M.
OLIVER. Clerk. ,
DEPARTMENT of the Interior. U. S. Geologi-
cal Survey. Washington. D. C. May 26. 1304
— Scaled proposals, la duplicate, will be re-
ceived at the office of the United States
P.eclarcstion Service, et Reno, Nevada, until
2 o'clock p. it... July 15. 1S04, for the con-
struction of about 37 miles of main distrib-
uting canals. Involving about 1.500.000 cubic
yards of earthwork, with diverting dam.
regulating sates, spillways, falls, weirs and
bridges, for the diversion and conveyance of
about ISuO cubic reet of wat?r per second
from Carson River at a point about 4 miles
west of Leetvlile. Nevada, to Irrigable laad»
in C«rscn Sink Valley. Bids will b< received
on (A) excavation and embankment for cne or
cnors divisions cr all the wcrk: (B) head-
works: (C) fails, spillways, weirs, lateral
htad«ates *nd pipe drains: D) hlghway
bridges. Specifications, toiia of proposal
and particulars may be obtained after May
2tl. 11)04. by applicatien to L. H. Ta>lor.
Iteao. Nevada, and to th- Chief Engineer of
the Reclamation Service. Washington: D. C,
at whos* offices the plans may be inspected.
Each bid mast be accompanied by a certia-d
check for $1WJO. payable to the Secretary of
th-i Interior, as a guarantee that the bidders
will, if successful, promptly execute a sat-
isfactory contract aad furnish bond, in tha
sum cf 20 per cent fcr the faithful perform-
ance oJ the wcrk. The right Is reserved to re-
ject acy or all b'._.s. to waive technical de-
fects, or to accept cne part of a bij and re-
ject the other, as the interest of the service
may require. Proposals must be marked.
"Prcposals for Distributing Canals, Truckee-
Carson Project. Nevada." Bidders are in-
vited to be present. TH0S. RYAN. Acting
Secretary.
PROPOSALS for clothing and eqttipag*. Depot
Quartermaster's office, 30 New Montgomery
St.. San Francisco, California, June 13. 1004
— Sealed proposal*. In triplicate, will be re-
cerved at this offlce unti' 10 o'clock a. m..
Monday, June 27, 190i, Pacific Standard Time.
arid then cpenM fcr nirnifhlrg at either the
Philadelphia, Boston. Chicago or San Fran-
cisco depots: Pajamas. Buckskin Gauntlets.
Chambray Shirts. Mattresses. Pillows, Pil-
low Cases, Bedsheeta. Mosquito Bars and
Trumpets. All to conform to standards and
specifications. Quar.titlea to be subject to an
increase of 20 per cent, !f desired by' the de-
partment. Preference will be given to arti-
cle* of domestic production and manufacture.
conditlc.es of price and quality being equal
<inrludini? In toe- pric* of tareisn proiucti-vi
and manufacture the duty. thereon), and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced
oa the Pacific Coast to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
Tb« United States ~ reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals cr any
part thereof. Information and blanliv for
proposals will be furnished on application.
¦ Envelopes containing proposals will be In-
dorsed "Proposals No. 4605. for Clothing and
Kqulpape," and addressed to Major C A.
DEVOL. Quartermaster. U, S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for building materials — Offlce
Depot Quartermaster. 3G New Montgomery
s_. San Francisco, CaL. June 10. 1004^ —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, subject to
usual conditions, will be received here until
11 o'clock' a. m. (Pacific standard time),
June 20. 1904. and then opened, for furnlsh-
. Jng lumber, doors, sash, cement, etc. . Pref-
erence will be given to articles of domestic
production or manufacture, condition of price
and quality being equal (Including In the
price of foreign production the duty there-
on). The United States reserves right to
• reject or accept any or all bids or any part
thereof. Blank proposals and further In-
formation - furalshed on application. Ea-
velopes containing proposals should be in-
worsed "Proposals for Building Materials,
No. 4559" and addressed to MAJOR C. A.
DEVOL. Q. M-. U. S. A.. Depot Quarter-
master. . -.. _¦ ;-.-; ¦_, ¦ •_ • - "• ;THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1901.
Weather Report.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
ARRIVED.
¦ Sunday, . June 12.,
US Btmr Boston. Diehl, 9 days from Aca
pulco.
US stmr Logan. Stinaon, 29 days from Ma-
Shipping Intelligence.
NEW YORK, June 12^ — William R.
Lee of New York won his match race
from Burton Downing of San Jose,
Cal., to-day at the Vailsburg cycle
track after losing the first heat. The
heats were all at a half mile and were
unpaced. . The first heat went ' to
Downing", who won by superior gen
eralship. Lee won the second heat by
five lengths and the third by seven
lengths.
San Jose Cyclist Loses a Match
Race to William R. Leo of
Xew York City.
BURTON* DOAVXIXG IS BEATEN*
IN' A RACE AT. VAELSBURG
¦United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low aWters
•at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE: — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-Street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point r the height
of tide Is the same at both place*.
MONDAY. JUNE 13.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun sets ..7:S2
Moon sets ..; 0:00 p. m.
b iTimel |Tlme . Time Tlmel
» 1 Ft. I 1 Ft Ft. Ft. v
¦ |L W[ ]H W L W • H W
13 5:00—0.8 12:10 4.6 4:40 , 2.8 10:44 6.0
14 5:41—1.0 12:67 4.6 5:29 2.8 11:28 6.0
15 «:29— 1.0 1:42 4.8 6:20 2.9 |.....
H W L W H W x L W
16 0:18 6.7 7:15 — 0.8 2:27 4.9 7:15 2.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order. of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
1 day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from ; the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) (American League.)
. W.L. Pet. W.L. Pet.
New Yorlt.';..29 14.074 Boston 31 15.674
Chicago 2S 11.667 New York.... 28 13.591
Cincinnati ...30 13 .C67 Cleveland ...23 IS .861
St. Louis 21 21 .5C0 Chicago 26 21 .653
Pittsburg ...21 -2 .4SS Philadelphia .23 20 .535
Brooklyn 19 28 .404 St. Louis 21 21.500
Boston 16 27 .372 Detroit 16 27.372
Philadelphia . 8 31 ."-'05. Washington" . 8 34 .130
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, June 12. — Backed up by perfect
support. Griffith shut out the locals in a
pitchers' battle. A base on balls, a stolen
base .with a sacrifice and an out scored the j
visitors' first run and two singles and & fum
ble their last one. Attendance 18.500. Score:
R. ' H. E.
Chicago O 0 2
New York 2 6 O
Batteries — Owen and Sullivan; Griffith and
McGulre.
ST. LOUIS. June 12.— It required sixteen In
nings to decide to-day's game- between tha
Boston and St. Louis American League teams.
St. Louis' only run was scored in the seventh,
when Kahoe stole- home while Din-en held the
ball. Attendance 21,200. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 1 13 1
Boston .A .' 2 13 0
Batteries — Dineen and Crlcer; Howell and
Sugden.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BROOKLYN. June 12. — Jones outpltched
McFarlan In to-day's 'game and the- local
team won. Tho winning run was scored In
the ninth after two of the locals had been put
out. Attendance 5000.' Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 ft it
Brooklyn 4 0 4 j
Batteries^ — McFarlan and Grady; Jones and
Jacklltsch. _. _ _ : .
Boston Triumphs Over St. Louis
Americans In a Sensational SIx
tccn-Innlnjr Battle.
GRIFFITH PITCHES GRAND
BAIJj FOR XEW YORK
Charles and Sallle H. Page to Carl D. Sal
fleH, lot on N line of Page street, 31:8 Eof
Shrader, E W> by N 100; $10.
John end Mary E. Coulson to Louis Haub,
lot on N line of Haight street. 161:6 E of
Shrader, E 25 by N 137:C; $10.
Frank R. and Sophie Grannls to William T.
and Eleanor M. Fonda, lot en S line of Sac
ramento street. 87:6 W of Spruce, W 25 by S
1O7.7V4; $10.
Samuel and Mable T. Griffiths to William C.
and Hilda E. Gillies, lot on S line of Seven
teenth street, 150 W of Sanchez, W 25 by S
G'race M. Crim to John E. Upphoff, lot on
W line of York street, 118 N of Twenty-first,
N 25 by W 100; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Eugene A.
Ilassrll. lot on S line of Twentieth street, 50
W of Colllngwood, W 25 by S 97:0; *10.
• Henry Marquard to Lllllam M. Hall (wife of
James, lot on SW corner of Greenwich and
Kcarny streets S 112:6. W 87:6, N 25, E 50, N
o7:U, 13 37 :C; $10. .
Emma Rohrbacher to John Johnson, lot on W
line of Mason street, 69 N of Pine, N 23 by W
62:6; $10.
David M. Locke to Florlnda A. Nelson, lot
on NE corner of Turk and Mason streets. N
87:0, E 47:9 (which Is point of beginning), E
23-9, S 54:9 SW 29:3%, N 71 :» and all inter
est In 60-vara lot 901. quitclaim deed; J5.
Florlnda A. and Horace Nelson to Louis
Metzger, Abraham Aronson and Louis Schoen
berg, same; $5.
Joslah H. Locke (administrator estate of Si
las M. Locke) to same, same; $120,750.
Jennie and A. M. Smith to Fred J. and Eliz
abeth M. Koenig, lot on N lln<? ot Vallejo
street, 50 E of Leavenworth, E 23 by N 100:6;
$10.
Mary F. Roach et al. to George E. Tooker,
lot on SW line of ItauFCh street. 175 N\V of
FolBom, SW 112, NW 60, NE 3:1, SE 25, NE
SO SE 25: $10.
Kate Tulley (widow) to Kate Tulley (daugh
ter) lot on K line of Pennsylvania street, 187
N of Sierra, N 73, E 114:4, S 43, W 114:4;
" Carrie E. and George W. Allen to Cassie E.
Tarrant lot on N line of California street. 81
W of Nineteenth, W 26 by N 120: gift.
Amanda P. and Charles F. Mueller to Ben
jamin B. and Mary E. Kellogg, lot on W line
of Tenth avenue 244 :C N of Clement street
N 30:6 by W 120; $10.
Bcrnhard and Rose Getz to Louis D. Spencer,
lot on E line of Twenty-seventh avenue. 192 N
of C street, N'25 by K 120; also lot on 8 lino
of L street. 32:6 E of Thirtieth avenue, E 25
by S 1«); S10.
J. D and Marcla Mendenhall to Joseph E.
and Christina Thorn, lot on NE corner of
Eighteenth avenue and Fulton street, N 100 by
B 32:6: $10.
J W. Wright and Sons Investment Company
to Laweon T. Fenn, lot on E line of Forty
fifth avenue 200 S of J street, S 60 by E 120;
$10.
Annie L. Carter to Warren J. Davla, lot on
E line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 100 N of K
street. N 60 by V. 120; $10.
• Solomon and Dora Getz to Louisa Schlueter,
lot on W line of Forty-eighth avenue, 137:6 S
of K street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
¦ J. W. Wright and Sons Investment Company
to Imogene Dougherty, lot on E line of Twenty
ninth avenue, 200 S of R street, S DO by E 120;
$10.
,J B Matthews to Nealslne H. Waddell
(wife of Charles), lot on SW line of Francla
street, 475 NW of Mission,- NW 25 by SW 160;
$10.
Warren J. Davis to Annie L. Carter, all
property in San Francisco; $1. ¦ . •
Margaret B. and John J. Barrett to Margaret
M. Amsler. lot on S line of Hill street, 250 E
of Capitol. E 75 by S 125, lot 2, block V, Rail
road Homestead Association; $675.
Eugene H. and Walborg Casserly.to Patrick
Ford, lot on E corner of Sickles and Sears
streets^ NE 105 by SE 25, block 9%. Sears sub
division of West End Map No. 2; $10.
Gustavav Meier to Minna . Meier, ' lot • on W
line of Goettlngen street. 100 N of Sllllman, N
60 by W 120, lot 3, block 26, University Mound;
eift. .
SATURDAY. JUNE 1L
.rkai/estate transactions.
Max Kolander, "W. F. Blasse and
Captain F. A. Kuhla were among tha
California marksmen, who won the
first gold medals at the Fourth
Bunde's festival which took place In
New York yesterday.
California Riflemen Successful.
The long-distance casters of the San
Francisco Flycasting Club engaged in
some spirited competition yesterday at
Stow Lake. H. C. Golcher carried off
the honors with a cast of 121 feet. J.
B. Kenniff was a clo3e second, with
120 feet. -C. R. Kenniff scored 107
and H." B.'Sperry 103. The day's re
sults in detail:
0 > Delicacy. C*
' l! U ft MM !l
CONTESTANTS f? ."" Q% Q-< " rS
1 : , & 1; Z' o :."
... • *
_^_____ „_____ I I *
T. W. Brotherton 88 90.S 95.10 03.3 S4
T. W. Brotherton DO.4 90.8 !I5.TO 03.3 ....
Dr. Brooks 87|«2.S1S3 90.1087.11 32
H. C. Golcher... 1211'Jl !« 85 M> ....
F. M. Haight 8S.90 93.4 S5 89.2 ....
C. Huyck SBjSS.8 !K>.8 80.1095.9 ....
C. R. Kennlff... 107 1)2 91 99.2 06.7 98.4
J. B. Kenniff... 120 Ot 91.8 80.8 SO.2 9S.4
T. Klerulff 90 93 85 Hi.2 K4.7 91.9
A. .Sperry 9O'S7.4 81.4 71.8 76.G
II. B. Sperry.... 10:5!S7.8|iH>.S|75.10 S3.3
C G. Young 87 91 ISS.4J1U.8 SW S»2.4
J. O. Harrow SI.8 70 75.10 ....
W. D. Mansfield 91 92 100 rw. 93.1
W. S. Mansfield 92.4 94 9(1.8 05.4 |97.2
4. _ : *
ntla, via Nagasaki 22 days, via Honolulu 7
days.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badger. 44 hours from,
Astoria-
Stmr Grace Dollar, Olsen, -CS hours from
Aberdeen.
Strar Enterprise. Tounggren. 10 days and 11
hours from Hllo.
Stmr Jranle. Bartlett. 91 hours from Seattle.
Strar Centralla, Erickson. 40 hours from
San Pedro. - '
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
Moon Bay.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr South Bay, Jamleson, 21 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 26 hourg from Monterey.
Etmr Scotia. Johnson, 9 hours from San Vi
cente Landing.
Schr Newark. Relnertsen, 19 hours from
Mendoclno.
Schr Lizzie Prlen, Hanson, 4 daya from
Sluslaw River.
Schr Sausallto. Dahloff. 5 days from
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr W. F. Wltzman, Peterson, 5 daya from
Astoria. ; * ;- • • - v
Sunday, Juna 12.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, Point Reyes.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson. Bollnas.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr F A KUburn. Jahn*en. Port Kodgers.
Ktmr Newsttoy. Adler. Crescent City.
Stmr Corona, Oiclow, Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay. Johnson, San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr laqua. Jorgensen. Eureka,
Stmr Brooklyn, Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Centrnlia. Erickson. for Grays Harbor.
Rchr Lily Bottger. Umpqua River.
Schr Bender Bros., Wetzel. Sluslaw River.
Ship Reuce, Whltmore. Port Townsend.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 12, 10 p. m.—Weather
hazy; wind wast, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY—Sailed June 11—Stmr Alliance,
for Portland. June 12 —Stmr Breakwater, for
San Francisco. .
TATOOSH —Passed in June 12 —Stmr Cen
tennial, hence June 8 for Seattle; stmr Queen,
hence June 9 for Victoria and Puget Sound
ports; U 8 stmr Columbine, from lighthouse
stations.
Passed out —Schr Eopada, from Port Blake
ley for San Francisco.
Passed In—Ger bark Henrietta, from Santa
Rosalia for Port Townsend.
SEATTLE—Arrived June 12—Stmr Centen
nial, hence June 9.
Sailed June 12 —Stmr Cottngre City, for
Skaeway; stmr'Umatllla, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA—Arrived June 12—SUnr/Whlttler,
from Seattle.
Sailed June 12 —Schr Alpha, for Ean Fran
cisco.
PORT HARFORD —Sailed June 12—Stmr Bo
nita, for San Francisco. '
SOUTH BEND — Arrived June 12 —Stmr
Acme, hence June 7. .
SANTA BARBARA—Sailed June 12 —Stmr
Bonita, for San Francisco; atmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
POINT REYES—Passed June 12, 4:30 p. m.
—Stmr Lakme.. from Tacoma, for San. Pedro,
clsco.
PORT BLAKELEY—Arrived June 12—Br
bark' Melanope, hence May 27; Br ship Simla,
from Port Gamble. Sailed June 12—Ship W.
F. Babcock, for Boston; sch Espada, for San
Francisco. -
ISLAND PORTS.
ELEELE—Satled June 9—Ship Henry Vil
lard, for Delaware Breakwater.
MAKAWELI—Sailed June 9—Schr Allen A,
for Eureka.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA—Arrived June 12 —Btmr Queen,
hence June 8. Sailed —Stmr Umatllla, for San
Francisco; stmr Cottage City, for Skagway.
ANTWERP—Sailed June 10—Stmr Machan,
for Seattle, via Liverpool.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK—Arrived June 12—Stmr La
Gascogne, ¦ from Havre;, stmr Arcadia, from
Hamburg; stmr Hamburg, from Hamburg,
Southampton and Cherbourg.
Tho following steamers passed Nantucket
lightship to-day: Anchoria. from Glasgow and
Movllle. for New York;: Noordland. from Liv- j
erpool and Queenstown, for Philadelphia;
Ncckar, from Bremen, for Baltimore.
TRIESTE —Arrived June 11—Stmr Ultonla,
from New York.
BOULOGNE —Sailed June 11 —Stmr Ryndam.
from • Rotterdam, for New York.
1 MARSEILLES— Sailed June 11—Stmr Can
optc from Boston, for Genoa and Naples.
LIVERPOOL—Sailed June U—Stmr Bovic,
for New York. June 12^ —Stmr Buenos Ayrean.
for Philadelphia.
Arrived June 12 —Stmr Cretic and Sylvania,
from riosto*. «i»i> jiJJLi.t'to
QUEENSTOWN—Sailed June . 12—Stmr
Etrurla, from Liverpool, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON—Sailed June 12—Stmr
Bremen, from Bremen, for New York.
LONDON—Arrived June 12—Stmr Tydeus,
from Vancouver and Tacoma, via ¦ Yokohama,
Hongkong. Manila, etc.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. * From. Due.
Argo Eel River Ports June 13
Wyefleld Nanalmo i. ¦ June" 13
Breakwater.. Cooa Bay June U!
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 13
Bonita Newport & Way Torts. June 13
Pomona...... Humboldt June 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. June 13
DelNorte.... Crescent City June 13
S.Barbara... San Pedro June 13
North Fork... Humboldt June 13
San Pedro.... Humboldt June 13
Wyefleld..-. .. Nanaimo June 14
Arcata Coos Bay * Pt. Orford. June 11
Porno Point Arena & Albion. June It
S. Monica Grays Harbor IJune 15
Eureka llutnboldt ......i. |June 15
Umatllla >-uget Sound Porti. ... June IS
American New York (June 10
San Jose New York via Panama.June It;
Corona Humboldt ". June I C
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena. June 16
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. June 1U
Coos Bay Fan Pedro & Way Pts. June 17
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... June IS
G. Llndauer. . Grnys Harbor June 19
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma. ..... June 1!)
Alliance Portland & Way Ports June 19
Sequoia Willnpa Harbor June 19
Luxor Hamburg & Way Port3|June 20
Queen. ....... Puget Sound Ports. .. . IJune 20
Alameda Honolulu June 21
Korea {China & Japan June 21
Rainier '! Seattle & Belllngham.. June 21
Nevadan (Honolulu & Kahului.. June 23
City Panama. I New York via Panama. June 23
TO SAIL.
' Steamer. ' Destination. Sails. Pier.
June 13.
Aurella Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 2
Ncwburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Centralla... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Samoa • Ix)s Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 0 pm Pier 20
S. Barbara.. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 2
S. Pedro.... Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
June 14.
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier tt
June 15.
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... C pm Pier 8
S. Monica. . . Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor.. 4 pm Pier 20
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPler tt
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
June 16.
Br.nita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Jennie Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20.
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
State of Cal San Diego & Way. U am Pier 11
Porno Pt. Arena tt Albion 6 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt B pm Pier 20
June 18.
Pt. Arena... Point Arena ..:... 4 pm Pier 2
City Peking. N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Juno 19.
Umatllla... Pug"et Sound Ports. 11 am Pier S
June 21.
G. W. Elder Astoria (c Portland 11 am Pier 24
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. 6 pm Pier 10
June 22.
Coptic China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Jane 23.
Sequoia..... Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor Pier —
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. | Sails."
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. IJune 14
Valencia Nome & Solomon June 14
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 15
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 1H
Dirlgo Skagway & Way Ports. June 16
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports. June 21
Farallon Skagw.iy & Way Ports. June 21
Oregon Nome & St. Michael. . June 26
Victoria Nome & Way Ports... | June 25
Transport IiOgnn Arrives.
The transport Logan from Manila arrived at
9 o'clock last night and came to anchor off
Quarantine. Her passengers probably will b«
landed early this morning.
Movements of Steamers.
The steamer Prentlss arrived Saturday,
twenty-three hours from Eureka. She cams
to port in charge of Mate Anderson, who
states that while the vessel was loading lum
ber at Eureka Captain Ahlstrom slipped and
lell to t!io deck, breaking his arm. He was
taken to the hospital and left there for treat
ment. The Prentlss came in to land paasen
iers here and' then called at once for San
Pedro with her cargo of lumber.
Breaks His Ann.
IXDXG-DISTANCE QASTERS
MEET IX SHARP COMPETITION'
Ragged Actor, a greyhound with feet
of steel and a heart as stout as his
footpads, won the stake yesterday at
the Ingleside Coursing Park. The field
v.as hard, which made the footing bad
for the dogs. The majority of those
competing showed the effects of the
heat. The principal upsets in the bet
ting were Fortuna Angel over Belfast
at 5 to 2 and Imeperius over Doc Burns
at odds of 3 to 2. Snapper Garrison
figured to win the stake, but a long
trial with Articulate in the third round,
which he won by a score of 26 to 0, ren
dered him unfit. Little Plunger showed
a lot of speed and easily won the con
solation stake. Following are the day's
results, with Judge Thomas Tierney's
official scores:
Open stake, second round — Aurella beat
Fannie Hughlc, 11-4; Oulda a bye: Octavius
a bye: Youns Johnny Rex t-.'at Prometheus.
11-3; Royal Friend a bye; General Fremont
beat Sir Wlnton. 10-5; Beauty Gold beat Peter
Mclntyro, 8-2; Tobasco Bob beat Shotgun, 1B-3;
Ragle Bird beat May Tunnlson. 10-5: Doc
Burns beat Algle McDonald. 8-1; Jerry Wright
a bye: Doreen beat Fiddler. 11-6; Ragged
Actor beat Imperious. 4-.1; Cosette beat Young
Fearless, 17-4; Snapper Garrison beat Robert
R, 14-S; Articulate a bye; Belfast beat Ready
Address, 3-2; Fortuna Angel beat Lady Royer,
15-U.
Third round — Aurelia beat Ouida, 11-3: Young
Johnnie Hex. beat Octavius. 14-1; Royal Friend
a bye; General Fremont beat Beauty Gold. 7-0:
Kagle Bird beat Tobasco Bob, 8-6: Doc Burns
beot Jerry Wright. S*-4; Princess Savoy a bye;
Ragged Actor beat Cosette, 6-4; Snapper Gar
rison beat Articulate, 2C-0; Fortuna Angel beat
Belfast. l£-5.
Fourth round — Aurella beat Young Johnnlo
Rfx, lC-ri; Rcyal Friend beat General Fremont,
1S-0; Doc Burns beat £agle Bird, 9-7; Princess
Savoy beat Snapper Garrison. 13-6; Ragged
Actor beat Fcrtuna Angel. '13-6.
Fifth round — Royal Friend beat Aurella, 9-7:
Doc Bums beat Princess Savoy, 10-0; Ragged
Actor a bye.
Sixth round — Rngged Actor beat Royal
FrlenJ, S-0; Doc Burns a bye.
Deciding course — Ragged Actor beat Doo
Burns. 12-2.
. Consolation stake, second round — Lyddla a
bye; Scllsa a bye; Rich Array a bye; Little
Sister a bye; Little Plunger a bye; Magic Stuff
beat Sweet Locust, 1S-0;' Molly Hosklns beat
Mirad 9-6; Tom Upton beat Thelma, 7-4;
Lucky Shamrock beat Rolling Boer, 7-2.
Third round — Lyddla beat Solisa, 10-6; Rich
Array a bye: Little Plunger beat Magic Stuff,
6-0; Molly Hosklns beat Tom Llpton, 13-4;
Lucky Shamrock a bye. -
Fourth round— Lyddia a bye; Little Plunger
b»at Littje Sister. 4-1; Molly Hosklns beat
Lucky Shamrock, 8-2.
Fifth round — Little Plunger beat Lyddla,
8-2: Molly Hopkins a bye.
Deciding course — Little Plunger beat Molly
H.isklns, 14-8.
Match race. S100 a sldo, between Cassle w
and Lord Melbourne was easily won In two
heats by the former, the scores being; 7-0 and
13-1.
Heat llxliausts Many Crack Hounds at
Inglesidc Coursing Park.
RAGGED ACTOR WINS STAKE.
020th Meridian— FaeMo Tim*.)
SAN FRANCI9CO. June 12—0 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD. ~~*
3 Sg33 *Z S* *
•TATIOS* J SgSI |S !~ S
: i? 5 : . : ?
Baker 3O.18 70 58 Nff Clear ,00>
Carson 20. 6« 84 43 "W -Clear .00
Kureka 29.96 6O 48 NW Clear .00
Fresno 20.74 104 «52 NTV Clear .0i»
S. E.Farallon.29.84 63 60 NW Clear .«>
Flagstaff 29. 7S 84 40 W Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello 30.08 74 34 "W Clear .0»>
Independence .29.76 93 «8 JfE Pt.Cldy .0<>
Los Angeles.. 29. 8fl 80 B« 8W Clear .(X>
Mt Tamalpais.29.S0 87 7O "W Clear .00
Xorth Head 4S 00
Phoenix 29.62 110 70 "W Clear ,0r»
Point Reyes.. 20. 79 80 48 N"W Clear .00
Portland 30.04 82 52 NAV Clear ,0()
Red Bluff 29.76 100 76 E Clear .no
Roseburg 30.00 84 44 NE Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.76 9»J 68 XB Clear .ort
Salt Lake 29. 9S 76 44 >TSV Clear .00
San Francisco. 20. 82 !X> 60 XV Clear .no
8. L. Oblspo..29.84 86 48 SW Clear .00
Son Diego 2».88 60 60 SW Pt.Cldy .l»
Seattlo 30.16 74 44 NTT Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane 3<\2O 7« 40 NE Pt.Cldy .0«>
Tatoosh r.0.20 CS 46 N Clear .00
"Walla Walla. 30. 12 SO 46 N Clear .no
"Winnemucea .29.9S .SO 42 SB Clear .00
Yuma 29.e4 104 72 W Clear .00>
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST. .,;
Fair weather prevails over the- Paciflo
Slope. The pressure has fallen over the. north
ern portion of the country west of the Rocky
Mountains and risen slowly along the Califor
nia Coast.
The temperature has fallen from San Fran
cisco southward along the coast and risen In
other districts. High temperatures with light
generally northerly winds prevail throughout
, the interior.
Conditions are favorable for cooler weather
alnns the central coast Monday afternoon.
Forecast jnade at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours, endlnjr mldnfsht, June 13:
Northern California — Fair Monday: cooler
along the osntral coast: light northerly wind.
¦ Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday:
cooler in the afternoon: llsht northerly wind,
changing to brisk westerly.
G. H. "WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
The steamer Enterprise arrived In port yes
terday, ten days and sixteen hours from Hllo.
She brought 6200 bunches of bananas, 37,000
bags of sugar and 40 dozen frogs, consigned
to the Matson Navigation Company. Her pas
sengers were llri. L. Arnand and child. E. H.
Moses. Mrs. E. L. Meyers, J. I). Easton, Pro
fessor E. N. Henshaw. A. A. Bartlett,- Miss
E. J. Altken, H. L. Gray. C. N. Prouty, Mrs.
1:2. M. I.oebsteln and twenty-six Japanese. .
Enterprise Arrives.
Tha following vessels are quoted on the re
insurance list: Juteopolis, 49 days from New
York to Penang, 7 per cent; Wynford, 44 days
from New York to Shanghai. 15 per cent;
Queen Elizabeth, 05 days from New York to
Hongkong, 7 per cent; I a Fochefoucald, f>2
days from New York to Shanghai. 7 per cent;
Jjar^o Law/ 49 days from Philadelphia to
Fremantle. 1 7 i*r cent; Willy Kickiners, 44
days from Philadelphia' to Nagasaki, 7 per
cent; Crown of Germany, 213 days from New
York to Shanghai, 25 v?r -cent; Laura, 134
days from Newcastle. Australia, to Tocopllla,
Si> per cent; Leland Bros.. 141 days from New
castle, Australia, to Sallna Cruz, 60 per cent.
Overdues.
A clipping in the pocket tells of a
man named Fulton being sent to the
asylum for entering the San Francisco
Gan and Electric "Works and delivering
a sermon to the employes.
"Started with $195. Lost $100 flat.
Balance $95, wheih I blowed in on a
stemwinding drunk."
"Santa Ana— Lost a.t play in this
town all the coin I had. Sold wheel to
get out of town."
"No more race programmes for your
Uncle Fulton. At Santa Barbara by
the Sea."
"In case of accident there is no one
to be notified. Bury me In the potter's
field or give my body to the doctors.
It is all the same to me."
The landlady in the Raleigh building
in this city says she believes Fulton
belonged to the Kansas Volunteers who
served in jthe Philippines. He was a
heavy drinker, but orderly, and never
made any trouble.
The following entries showed that h»
had gambled heavily while In Califor
nia:
PORTLAND, June 12.— Tha body of a
man about 30 years of age was found
floating In "the "Willamette, near Oregon
City, to-day. It haa been identified as
that of Frank Fulton of Kansas City,
who was last seen about a week ago
sitting on the edge of a dock, his feet
dangling over the river. In the pock
ets of the dead man were found a num
ber of letters and memoranda. One,
addressed to the Coroner, reads:
Special Di-patch to The CalL
The Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's steamship Algoa, which struck
the rocks Just outside Point Bonita
last Tuesday and was rushed^,to the
Greenwich street dock, where 2500 tons
of freight was removed from her. hold,
was towed around yesterday to the
Pacific Mail dock. The balance of
her cargo, consisting of 7500 tons, ¦will
be discharged there. She will later go
on- the dry dock .to ascertain the ex
tent of her damage. Pumps have been
going night and day since her arrival,
but the lightening t/f her cargo has
considerably stopped the rush of water
into the hold. .
In spite of his views of Americans
as published, Mori, it is learned, would
like to marry an "American goddess of
refinement and education" and to that
end has asked friendly aid of at least
one young woman in this city.
The Rev. F. J. de Friest, an American
missionary in Japan and a Yale grad
uate, translated Mori's communication
and sent it to this country. It includes
an insinuation against the moral char
acter of American women, which
aroused Mr. de Friest's resentment.
De Friest's translation of Mori's com
munication is in part as follows:
Many of those who are studying sociological
problems. Fuch as those of labor and poverty,
look as If they might become leaders In strikes.
Students of literature mainly appear as quiet
fellows, but when it comes to theologians their
beggar-like faces are in the majority.
It seems to me that failure of their work li
because of missionaries, and their satellites are
nothing but vulgar fellows. Ignorant and with
out brains. It is my conviction that not until
•we drive out missionaries and their satellite
evangelists will pure Christianity flourish.
NEW HAVEN, June 12.— Jitaro Mori,
a wealthy Japanese who has studied
social science at Yale for three yearB,
has made such caustic criticism of the
American missionaries to Japan, al
though himself a' Congregationalism
that the American Board of Foreign
Missions has taken notice of his views,
which were printed. recently in a. Jap
anese journal which he sent them.
Mori paid his critical respects also to
the theological students of the uni
versity, saying that among them "beg
gar-like faces are in the majority."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Order Bequests That Body
Be Buried in Potter's Field
or Given to a Surgeon
Translation of Letter by
Yale Graduate Causes Stir
Among the Theologians
Steamer Enterprise Arrives
With Consignment "of
Sugar, Fruit and Frogs
VIEWS ABE PUBLISHED
BIG CARGO FK0M HTLO
TELLS OF HIS LOSSES
ALGOA TOWED
TO MAIL DOCK
Vessel That Ban Aground
on Rocks at Point Bonita
Moved to Her Own Berth
Young Man Drowns Himself
and Letters Indicate That
Gambling Led to His Euin
American Ministers in Far
East Resent Criticism of
Preachers by a Japanese
MISSIONARIES'
IRE AROUSED
PLAYS A LIMIT;
DEATH WINNER
10
ROO3IS TO LET— Fan. sund Cnf-rn.
GEARY. 624 — Newly furnished sunny rooms!
flay, week cr inocth.
GEARY. 830. bet. Hyde and *f£}*--}£"?.
eunr.y bay-window front room, with alcove.
phone; bath; reasonable; one or two centle-
nicn. _____________————
GQARY. 3<1»— Nicely furnished alcove room;
ruE-lnVwater; grate; closet; private family.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 85c
to $1 25 night; tl 60 to te wk.; reading-room.
HARRISON. 784H. *e*r Fourth-Flnely fur-
nlsbcd sunny rooms, bath; nomellke, *i
weak «p. ________
HARRISON, S30!4 — Sunny coxy room for
working man; clean and comfortaBly fur-
nished; |4 month.
ItATES. 878 — Nicely furnished roe— — -
HAYES, C72 — Newly furnished sunny roomi
bath; rhone Fell 1237.
HOTEL KYLE. 230 Powell— New building.
tvewly famished; batchelors* ca-rt«r«. tour-
lst. the-trlcal. _______________
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellle— Elegantly fur-
nlshed eultes and single rooms.
HOWARD. 711— Front rooms, sinrfe or fioutte;
reasonable.
JESSIE. 363 (eart of U. 8. Mint)— Furnished
front room; 2 beds, <10; single. $5 per month.
JONES 2C7 <Van Winkle) — Furnished sunny
rin«. ;' suite or single; gents preferred: $2 up.
KEARNT. 418— Elegantly furnished large
front: also elnele rooms; $2 to $5 week.
LA8 PALMAS. 1S20 Market— Sunny suites, eln-
£le room*; tourists; trammer rates; tel. Fol-
scm 1S5«.
LAGUNA. 909— Newly furnished sunny front
room; near Jcfferscn aquare.
LARXIN. 623 — 3 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; also tingle rccrr.t.
LEAVENWORTH. 71C — A sunny furnished
suit*-. — Jitable for housekeeping reasonable.
LTON. 23, cor. Pace — Neatly furnished front
sunny room; every convenience; running
weter, phone, btth; reasonable; 1 block from
park.
MARKET, 719, three doors wert Call blflg. —
Furnished rooms by the day, week or month;
reasonable: tiso lioutekeeplng.
MAEON. 61G— Several newly furnished sunny
rooms; free baths.
MCALLISTER, 535 — New modern flat: elec-
tric llchte: r.icely furnished front suite;
kitchen If desirtd; also another Minny room;
reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 1342— Sunny front parlor suite;
breakfast if desired; bath; phone Page 104.
MINNA, 545 — Large, sunny front room for one
or two gentlemen or light housekeeping^
MISSION. 2SC2 — Nicely furnished room in prl-
vate family.
OFAF.RELL. 332— Nicely furnished parlors;
sunny suite or single; tight hskpg. If desired.
O'FARRELL. 437 — Suite of housekeeping
rooms. $14: also other sunny rooms.
O'FARRELL. 787, cor. Larkln — Nicely fur-
nirhed sunny corner suite and bath; ether
¦unny rooms.
G'FARRELL, 1164 — Elegant. newly fur-,;
niched rooms; front, side, rear: sunny: run-
ning water: references exchanged: house
changed hands and renovated throughout.
O'FARRELL, 1297— Elegantly furnished' par-
lors, piano; also minny rooms.
POST. 207 — Newly furnished rooms for gentle-
men; baths; references.
TOST, eiO^i— Neatly furnished room; private
family.
POST, 883. near Hyde — Large furnished front
room; bath: gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
POST, 2273, near Devisadero — Two lovely sun-
ny unfurnished front rooms; rent reasonable.
POWELL. 1005 (The Virginia)— A snap; ele-
gant frcr.t tulte. partly furnished; marln*
view; runnlnjr water.
P.OYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, encking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms ter r.le-ht, .15c to SI 60; week. $2
to $S; menth. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: roon^s with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTEENTH. 2905. near Howard— Newly fur-
nlrhed Funny rooms; reasonable.
FIXTEHNTH. 2905. near Howard— Newly fur-
nished, sunny room; cheap.
FTEINER. 203. comer of Waller— 1 or 2 un-
furnish«»d or furnished rooms; run all day.
STEVENSON, €35 — Sunny furnished room for
v 2 gentlemen.
CUTTER, SSI — Nicely furnished front rooms;
bath, phoae, runnlac water; very cheap.
BUTTER. 1009 — Fine furnished rooms, single
or en suite; location suitable for offl>e.
TEHAMA. 215— Nicely furnished front room,
suitable for two, to let.
THC FALMOUTIL 104DA Market St.— Sunny
room*; hot and cold water; elevator: S2 to J7.
THE PRESTON. 217 Larkln et.— Nicely fur-
niehed. tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
THE FHANDON, 119 Larkln— Nicely furnished
rooms, tingle, en suite cr housekeeping.
TURK. S16 — Floor of 4 rooms; also sunny
tingle rooms; good location; near park.
TURK. 778 — A young couclc will rent the
pr*-t.tieet surr-jr suite unfur., new and mod-
ern; no children; reasonable; choice location.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3508. near Valencia-street
rare — Nicelv furnished room to let In private
family. wi*h or without board, suitable for
1 cr 2 gentlemen; call Monday.
UNITED STATE?. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms "C to $1 night, 91 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric llphts (no gas), running water in every
room; eie.-atcr. read. -room; free bus; baggage,
VINF.. 1076 — Wry large room: Ftationary stand,
bath. rhr>ne; tine location; central.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d et.. near Market—
Mott convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S6c to »1 DO night; J2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: readir.g-room; free bus: baggage.
WOLF Hcu?e. 2C2 Sixth rt.— Rooms from 15c
to $1 per night and from POc to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS. FUbserlptlon-. received at
Call branrh office, cor. Duncan & Church «ts.
ROOMS A.\D BOAHD. ~
VALLEJO. 1130. cor. Leavenworth. 1 block to
Ilyde-rt. cars — Beautiful newly furnlrhed ;
Tery sunny front rooms, with first-class
ftoard: home cocking; small private family;
refined and homelike: email garden; running
water; phone; 35 minutes' ride to center of
town; terms reasonable.
THE WESTMINSTER.
«14 PUTTER ST.— HANDSOMELY FURN-
ISHED BCNNT BAY-WINDOW SUITES;
OTHER ROOMS.
FRANKLIN. S9S— El-gant newly furnished
rooms, en suite or single, in private house; j
all modem conveniences; first-class table; ,
choice location; central; reasonable. j
ROOM and board in a beautiful country home
for three cr four young rj»n; about O".e hour's
ride from the city: two In a room; i.;l and
(40 each. Box 2564. Call office.
FILLMORE. 1007. NW. cor. McAllister— Large
sunny bay-window room. bath, with or with-
out br.ard ; rrivat* family.
A HANDSOME parlor rulte. bath attached:
excellent board; private family. 1505 La-
guna st.
BUNNY room to l»t; two single beds; good for
t»o friends; with or without board. 1804
Foleorn* et. - . -
GEARY. 1003 — Neatly furnished rooms, vHh
board; home cooking; rear. Phone £i:tter,
1C26. ~
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harri-on— Pleasant
room for young lady, with board, in private
house: reasonable.
M ARLOTVE (The). 1360 Post— Newly and ele-
gantly furnif-bed rooms, single and en suite;
table board; re*-«onatle: "references.
1'INE. 1038 — New management; nicely fur-
nieheJ suites and single rooms; excellent ta-
b:e; private; references. Phone Polk 300L
ELLIS. 453 — Nicely furnished, with board; real
ronable; also French table board.
FIRST *t., 1»4 — Furnished front room with
board if desired; reasonable.
FOLSOM. 2C12 — Large, sunny front room; good
feeerd; S40 per month; for two gentlemen.
FOURTEENTH. M — Sunny front room, 1 or 2
home conven.; reae.: with or without board."
GEARY. 501. Hotel L* Aiglon— Family rooms
snd board; entirely renovated; reas. prices.
HOWARD. MIA— First-class board and room,
rtnrle or double. J5-16 wk.; American family.
PACIFIC ave.. 1716, above Van Ness — Large,
sunny -rooms; use parlor; excellent board. I
ROOMS AJfP BOARD IVAXTKD.
BOARD and suite of rocms wanted for man
and wife; state rates. Box 2197, Call office.
"WANTED — Board and room for gentleman, f 8
per week. Box 806. Call office. •
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cared; new methods; 1 week's treat-
mat. free. Dr. Cottlcg-.m. 20t Sntter st.
OCEAN TRAVEI*.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves, piers 9 and 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketch Ikan. WraaxeU
Juneau. Haines. Bkaguay.
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m. June
4. 9. 14. 19. 24. July 0.
Change to Company's steam-
er- at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Ere^J-
Bellingham— 11 a. m- June 4. 9. 14. 19. 24.
July 5 Change at Seattle to this company* -
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Seattl-.
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to
"For Eureka fHumboldt Bay} — Pomona. l:3O
P m.. June S. 9. 13. 21. 27. July 3. Corona.
1:30 p m.. June 6. 12. 13. 24. 30. July «.
For Los Angeles (via Port Loo Angeles ant]
Redondo). San Dlesro and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 8 a. ra.
For Los Areeles (via San Pedro and East
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crus. Mont-
erey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfonl (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. June 8. 16. 24. July X
Coos Bay. 9 a. tn.. June 4. 12. 20. 29. Ju!y «.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. to.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904— Th->
palatial excursion steamship Spokann will
leave Tacoma. Seattle snd Victoria. June 7.
21. July 5. 19, Aug. 2, 18. V
For further Information obtain folder. Rljht
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.and Broad-
way wharves. XTel«rht Office. 10 Market st.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Aarent.
10 Market St.. Ean Francisco.
O. /?- & N. CO.
COLUMBIA sails June 8, 18 and 28. July 4.
16 20. GEO. W. ELDER sails June 1. 11 ami
21. July 1. 11. 21. Only steamship line to
PORTLAND. OR., and, snort rail line froci
Portland to all points Ea«t. Through tickets to
all points. Steamer tickets Include bena aa<l
rneals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at It
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Oen. Agt- Pass. Dept. I
Montgomery st. ; C. CLIFFORD. G«n. Agent
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
oeeanic8.sxo.E^ii
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thurs.. June 10, 3 p. m.
S. B. ALAMEDA., for Honolulu.Juns 25. 11 am.
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a. m.
LB.SFSECKELS & BZ03. (ft ,JLjts..TlCttt 0303 513 ilir-
_bl, Mint 01.5323 Mir.uSL. Pur/,?i;ti) ;:.
COJIPAGNIS QS5EKAI.B TSAKaAT_,ASTIQ?SL
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ' jf^m^
Sailing every Thursday instead otgflFp-^J,
Saturday." at 10 a. m., from Pier 4_, ¦wr/itf*"*!
North River, foct of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. 8eo-
end class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building*.
New York. J. F. FUGAZ1 & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by ail Railroad Ticket Agents.
To IT. S. Navy Yard and Vallcjo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F., foot of
Clay St.. north end of ferry bldsr..— Week day*.
9:30 A. M-, 3 and *3 P. M.. Sundays, 9:20 A. M..
.8 P. M. Leave Vallejo— Week days. 6:5O
A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.. Sundays, 5 P. M.
Fare. 23c each way. Excursion rates. Sunday-
to Vallejo. Glen Cov« and Martinez. 50c round
trip. PIPER. ADEN, GOODALL CO.. phone
Main 641. »Saturday excepted. ¦
_ To T7. B. If *vy Yard and Valla Jo.
tSTMRS^ GEN. FRJSBIE. MONTICELLO anj
ARROW— 9:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:13 P. M.
«:0O P. M., 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sunday.
»:45 A. M.. 8:30 P. M. Leave VaUeJo 7:uo
A. M.. 9:00 A- M.. 12:30 NOON. 3:13 P. M.,
6:00 P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays 7:0© A. M..
4:13 P. M. Fare one way, BOc Landln* and
office. Pier 2. foot Mission st, Phone MjOj
1503. BATCH BROS.
SEWING MACHIXES AND gj^'k"^
THE WHITE IS KINO.
Beet automatic furniture. .
He«t ball-bearlfle stand.
Btst vibrator and rotary .Jruttle.
Best lock and chain stitch.
Best sewing machine on earth.
Best machines at $3.00 per month.
Best machines to rent at $2.00 per month.
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO..
Retail offices. 80S Post st.
1S41 Flllmore tt. and 708 Valencia »t.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family us«: best
Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tlc office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — Bee our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10, $15, $20; second-
hand. IS. f-5. 58: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
STOItAGE AXP WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT & 6TOLL Storage Co.; storage,
pecking, shipping warehouse. G. G and Van
Kesi ; office 1170 Market, r. 43; telSouth 7S0.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped, i^o-
731 Howard st-. nr. Third: phone Grant 16L
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. B<1.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 833 Go)den Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLDEN Weft Storase; advances made. 810
Mission «.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage a.id Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van ar.d Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
tt.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL KOT1CE8.
L. CAMINO & CO.. Italian and Freach Soap
Factory. 1051 Montgomery it., will hereafter
be known as the Alexander Craviotto & Co.,
on and after June 8, 1P04, Alexander Cravi-
otto & Co.- having purchased all. tbe Interest
of said L. Camino & Co.
| STl'TTERIXG AAU^ STAMMERIXO.
; AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness * Market.
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
' Melbourne in U. S.; private: established 3
years In R. F. TeL Mint 2C26 from 1 to 0 p.m.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Pmlth Premier, $25; other typewriters at
high*/ and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Tvp/vrltlng Exchange, 030 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $S0 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
ID-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Impec. Co., 608 Market.
B1BTHS-HARRIAGES-DMHS.
Birth, marriare and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of tbe publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted elmply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
MARRIED. '
BENSON— HASKINS— In this city. June 12.
1904, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. Claude
Benson, and Lucy Caroline Huskies, both
of Ban Francisco.
~^ DIED.
Allen. GenerleTe Hopkins, "William A.
Arnold. .Addle M. Howe, Alvln J.
I Blakley. Bridget Malde, Howard ¦
Camp. Lvdla A. McGrath. Catherine
Clarke, Sarah E. O'Neil. Mary
Clement*. Mary A. Bchrader. Henriette
Conrad. Rose M. G. Hhanahan. Thomas
Duffy, James Ktenpe. Morris
Dunne, Francis J. Thomas, Thomas J.
Federlein. Jay Toomey. Nellie
Flynn Francis V Tully. Catherine
Gifford Rufu* W. Varnell. EHiabeth
Gray. Matildla Wallace, Kathrine A.
liannan, Mary A. Westerback. Charles
HorniT. Grace C. Wharton, Joseph
ALLEN — In this city. Juse 12. 1904. at the
residence. 8S7 Arlington street, Genevlev/e
Allen, dearly beloved twin daughter of John
D. and Cecelia B. Allen, and pister of Ger-
trude Allen, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years.
ARNOLD— In Alameda, June 11. 1904. Addle
Martell Arnold, 'beloved wife, of A. E.
Arnold. & native of England, aged 29 years.
BLAKLEY— In this city. June 12, 1904.
Bridget, beloved wife of the late Francis
Blakley, a native of County Donegal, Ire-
land, aged 72 years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence," 304 Grove street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church. Hayes street, where a sol-
emn requiem high . mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Fanta Clara, by 10:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
CAMP — Entered Into rest. In this city, June
12. 1904, l.y.lia Ann Carmp. beloved mother of
Frank, Charles. Maggie, Elgin and Sol
Camp Mrf Nancy Headlcy. Mrs Lydla C.
Welch and Mrs. E. E. McFarland,' a native
of Massachusetts, aged 74 years 3 months
and 5 days.
CLARKE— In this city, June 12. 1904, Parah
E.. beloved wife of W. H. Clarke, a nftllve
of Rockford, 111., aged 45 years and 10
months.
(T^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesdas",
June 14, at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden C?ate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CLEMENTS — In this city. June 11. 1904, at
her late residence, 1210 Devlsadero street,
Mary A., wife of John F. Clements, a native
of New York, aged 56 years.
E7Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
CONRAD— In Los Gatos, June 12. 1904, Rose
Mary Glsela Conrad, beloved daughter of
Charlos P. and Agnes M. Conrad, and loving
sister of Carl A., Ludwlna, Agnes and Anna
Conrad, a native of San Francisco, aged 0
years and 7 months.
DUFFY— In this city, June 11. 1904, James
Duffy, beloved brother of Thomas and Matt
Duffy, a native of Ireland, aged 45 years.
DUNNE — In this city. June 11. 1904. Francle
J., beloved son of Fred F. and Cecelia F.
Dunne a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 4 months and fl days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Dunleavy, 605 Larkln street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FEDERLEIN— In this city. June 11. 1904. Jay
Fcderlein, beloved brother of Mrs. Carrie
Jacobs and Sophie Federlein, and uncle of
Harold W. Jacobs, a native of New York. •
tC7"Funeral and interment strictly private.
FLYNN— In this city. June 11, 1904, Francis
Victoria, beloved child of William and Mag-
gie Flynn. e. native of San Francisco.
GTS'Friends and acq*jaintances*a.re respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
GIFFORD— In Oakland, June 12, 1^04. Rufus
White Glfford, beloved husband of Susan
West Glfford. and father of Charles T. and
Arthur S. Gifford, a native of New Bed-
ford, Mass., aged C4 years G months and 6
daya.
GRAY— In this city. June 11. 1904, Matildla
dray, dearly beloved mother of Annie
Hoenlgsbcrger. Agusta Markewltz. AmeUa
Ephrain of Chicago. Herman Gray and the
late Bersle Berlin*ky, a native of Roga*«en.
Germany, aged 78 years 4 months and 9
days.
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, June 13, at 2 o'clock, at the Cali-
fornia. Undertaking »arlors. 405 Powell
street. Funeral train leaves - Third ' and
Townsend streets at 3:30 o'clock. Interment
Salem Cemetery. 1
HANNAN— In this city.. June 12, 1904. Mary
A., dearly beloved wife of. Edward T. Han-
nan, and daughter of Patrick and the late
Bridget Fleming, and sister of Bertha Flem-
ing. Mrs. Matt Ward ¦ and Mrs., George
Moore, a native . of San Francisco, aged 24
years 2 months and 25 days. (Sacramento
papers please copy.) • , v
iCTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
. fully .invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at »:30 o'clock, , from her • late
residence, 279 Harriet street, thence. to r St.
Rose's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
VARNELL— In Oakland. June 12, 1904, Eliza-
beth C. beloved mother of Mrs. E. Hlgham
•and A. II. Varnell of Baraboo, Wls.. a na-
tive of Long Island, aged £1 years. ' .
HOPKINS— In this city, June lL 1904, William
A., beloved husband of Winifred Hopkins,
and beloved son of Timothy , and Catherine
Hopkins, and brother of Mrs. George Ogden
and John Hopkins, and eon-in-law of Mrs.
Michael.WaIl, a native of California, aged
34 years 10 months and 10 dayn. A member
of Alcalde Parlor, N. 8. G. W.
C-s*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:45 < o'clock, from his late
residence, C52 Minna street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn high
mass will be celebrated - for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriages.
HORNER — In Alameda, June 12, 1904, Grace
C. Homer, dearly beloved daughter of Georgs
B. and Manuel&.C. J. Homer, and sister of
Lillian G. Tracey, a native of San Fran-
cisco. (New York.- Boston and Easton, Pa.,
papers please copy.)
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
COWE-In Alameda. June 11. 1004. Alvln J.
James McGinn, Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.,
—-Funeral Directors snd Embalmers——
i— him i 71 * Eody - gt -« T*!. Bonth BT6.* J '
AUCTION SALES
li Horses For Sail'
By order of JO3. EDSOM of Portervin-.
Cal., I will sell at auction 120 horses, broker.
and unbroken, weighing from 100O to 1400
pounds; alio several cholos saddle horses. This
lot consists of mostly all choice young geldings
and positively mast b« sold. Sals takes place
* J. B. HORAN'S SALESYARD,
Cor. Tenth and Bryant Sta, oa -
THIS DAT. 4
MONDAY, JUNE 13,
At 11 O'clock a. m.
3. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
£a Special Auction Sale &&
At ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 SIXTH ST..
WEDNESDAY, June 13, at 11 t. n.
By order of A. C. TEBBS of Students' Sta.
ble» of Palo Alto. I will sell tha contents of
the above stables, consisting of S5 GOOD
HORSES (work and 'driving). 1 wagonette or
bus. 4 surreys, 1 3-seated surrey, 5 runabout-.
1 top buggy,^ 1 light rubber-tln»d hack. 4f>
sets of harness (single and double), 1 light
farm wagon. This stock of horses and car-
, rlages Is all In good condition and only used;
a short time. Stock can be seen at our sta-
ble*. 327 Sixth street, Tuesday before, the sale.
Positively no limit or reserve*
JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
jrv__ By order of J Ryan of Sa!ln«« I wilt
1 * sell a car of good, gentle horses; also
all kinds of buggies, wagons, carts, surreys
and 40 seta harne-s, 1 pony. 1 fast pacer.
TUESDAY June 14. 11 a. m.. at 1140 FOL-
EOM ST. ' "WM. CLOUGH. auctioneer.
Jk& fe Jfe>
Two carloads gentle draught horses. 1400 ta
1800. from SIskiyou County. Ready to go to
work. FRED H. CHASE & CO.. 1733 Market.
Howe beloved father of Mrs. .Roscoe Earl
Whltted of Santa Ana,. Mrs. Charles S. Huff
of Los Angeles. ' and brother 'of Dr. !• re«
Howe of Chicago, a native of Vermont, aged
C5 years. . .'¦'¦¦
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral- services
Monday. June 13. at 1:30 o'clock, at his late
residence. 2020 Clinton avenue. Alameda,
MALDE — In this city. June 11, 1904. Howard,
beloved eon of A. E. and Lottie Malde, and
brother of Hazel Malde. a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 years and 25 days.
K7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral- to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock from the parlors of
Craig, Cochran & Co.. 429 Golden Gate ave-
nue, between Polk and Larkln streets. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
McGRATH— In this city, June 10, 1904, Cath-
erine, beloved wife or the late Philip Mc-
Grath. and mother of P. J.. Edward, John
J, and Kate A. McGrath and Mrs. Walter
Vaughan, a native of Ireland.
lE7"The funeral will take placa to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlor*,
of Carew ¦ & English. 29 Van Ness avenue,
thenc« to St. Joseph 1 - Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for th«
repose of ber soul, commencing at 0 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'NEIL— In this city. June. 12. 1804. Mary
O'Nell. beloved elster of the late Dennis
O'Nell. and aunt of Mary, Elian. John and
Jeremiah Deasy. a native of parish of
Barryroe, Courtmacsberry, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged C2 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from . her- late
residence, 009 Filbert street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will bo celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. ¦ In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BCHRADER— In this city. June 11, 1904, Hen-
rietta Bernice, dearly beloved daughter of
W. F. and Anna N. Echrader, and. loving
sister of Rudolph and Herbert Schrader, a
. native of San Francisco, aged 2 years ! 3
months and 12 days. (Los AngeltB and New
York papers please copy.)
ICTFiiends and acquaintances are respw-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her aunt, Mrs. E. Winter, 303 Stelner
stret-t. corner Haight. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero rtreets.
SHANAHAN— In this city, June 11, 1904,
Thomas Shanahan, beloved husband of the
late Bridget Shanahan, and father of Norah
Ehanahan, Mrs. Wlliam Stephens. Mrs. P.
Conroy and the late "Ellen Callaghan, a
1 native of Mitchelstown, County Cork.Ireland,
aged S3 years.
K7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), June 14. at 8:30 o'clock, from
his late residence. 70 Belcher street, be-
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth and Church
and Banchez, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 0 o'clock. • Interment Holy Crosi^
Cemetery.
ETENGE— In this city, June 12, 1904. Morris,
beloved husband of Lena Stenge, and father
of Harry, Jeese Gussle. Edna, Adeline and
Sylvan Stenge. Mrs. Al Levy and Mrs* P.
Stofer. a native of Germany aged 65 years.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at the
parlors of A. W. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell
street. Interment private, in Home of
Peace Cemetery.
THOMAS — In this city. June 11, 1904, Thomas
J., beloved father of William II., Hugh, Da-
vid Thomas Richard and John T. Thomas
. and Mrs. J. Coover James, a native of
Wales, aged C" years 6 months and 21 days.
A member of King Solomon's Lodge, F. and
A. M.. and Morse Lodge No. 2l»7, I. O. O. F.
(CTFriends a nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to "attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany 2470 Mission street, near Twenty-first,
thenco by electric funeral car from corner of
*" Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2:30
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
TOOMEr->In this city, June 11. 1904, Nellie,
dearly beloved wife of James J. Toomey.
mother of Henry F., James C, Willie. M..
Gertrude, John, Helen and the late Mary
Toomey, daughter of Michael and Ellen Mur-
ray, and sister of Thomas Murray and Mr3.
J. J. Mulcrevy, a native of Rochester, New
York.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at « o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 570 Linden avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Croes Cemetery.
TULLY— In this city. June 10. 1904, Catherine,
widow of the lata Lucas H. Tully, and be-
loved mother of Katie, Julia. Minnie, Emma
A.. John L. and William E. Tully and Mrs.
F. Bruwnrlgg, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land.
lE7"Frlends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monda'y), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. SO Belcher street, between Thirteenth
and Fourteenth and Church and Sanchez,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
• Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WALLACE— In this city June 12, 1904. Kath-
rlne A., dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. B.
J. and the late John Wallace, and sister of
Sister Mary Regis and Margaret, John and
Gertrude Wallace, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
E7"Not!ce of funeral hereafter.
WESTERBACK— In this city. June 12, 1904,
Charles WcFterback. brother of Olof Wester-
back of Worce£ter, Mass., a native of Fin-
land, aged 24 years 2 months and 14 days.
WHARTON— In this city. June 11, 1904.
Joseph W.. beloved son of Mary Wharton. and
brother of Mrs. Mary Anderson and Robert
J.. John E.. Thomas F. and Annie J. "Whar-
ton, a native of San Francisco, aged -'4
years A member of Altahmos Tribe No. S7.
I. O.' R. M; Golden Gate Aerie No. tn. F.
O E., and Riggers' and Stevedores' Union,
Local No. 222.
(u?"Fri*nd« Tiro, acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 70 Stanley place.Light Breezes Prevail Both Off
Angel Island and in the Up
per Bay.
There was no wind off Sausalito yes
terday until well on in the afternoon.
After lying idly at their moorings wait
ing for a breeze, most of the yachts
were towed out by small boats or
launches' until they, reached the chan
nel wind, which blew quite stiffly.
The sloon Ariel, the yawls Wave and
Royal and the sloops Surprise and
Minnetonka. enjoyed a good sail off the
city front. The Ariel made her moor-
I The Corinthians cruised to Point San
Pablo on Saturday evening and re
turned to moorings yesterday
ings at 4:30 p. m., and the sloops
Thetis, Surprise and Minnetonka a
little later.
The scheduled cruise of the San
Francisco Yacht Club was to the Peta
luma drawbridge on Saturday evening.
The sloop Curlew started from Sausa
lito about 4 p. m., the flagship Chal
lenger about, 6 o'clock, the Surprise at
8 p. m. and the sloop Thetis at 9:30
p. m. A good breeze was blowing in
the channel, but off Angel Island there
was a calm. . .
J. V. Coleman's schooner Aggie is on
a cruise to Monterey and other south
ern, places." F. A.*' Hyde's power boat
Vladimir started on a cruise on Satur
day morning, returning yesterday
afternoon. The schooners Martha and
White Wings went up the bay last
week and had not returned yesterday
afternoon.
SAX JOSE WILL HAVE
NEW ROAD TO PALO ALTO
Way and Prepares Plans
i for Construction.
Boston Syndicate Secures Rfsht of
SAN JOSE, " June 12. — A Boston
syndicate, represented by C. B. Good,
will ' build an electric railway from
San "Jose to Palo Alto. It will run
through . the towns of Santa Clara,
Sunnyvale, Mountain View and May
field. The route has been sun-eyed
and a private right of way secured
for most of the way. It is to be com
pleted this falL
SAUSALITO YACHTSMEN
SAIL IX THE CHANNEL
First race — Sea Voyajce. Lou Mer
rell. Gertie Allen.
Second race — Leo Planter, 3Iontanle.
Golden Link.
Third race — Cook entry. 'Dunne
entry. Florentine.
Fourth race — Colonial Girl. Brass,
McGee.
Fifth race — Silent Water. Tryon.
Watermelon.
Sixth race — Federal. Schoolmate.
Alma Dufour. •
Seventh race — Durbar. Emma A 31.
Canyon.
HARLEM SELECTION'S.
Waibel. the Garden City crack, On- |
ished first in the three-mile handicap,
but was disqualified for beating the
starting signal. Long of the Bay City
Wheelmen was placed first. In a spirit
of sportsmanship he refused to accept
the prize and was cheered by the spec
tators for the stand he took.
There were some automobile trials,
but the time was not fast. Dr. Hill's
big machine was sent two miles. The
first was covered in 1:34 2-5 and the
two milts in 3:03 1-5.
E. C. Eib, with a lady as a passenger,
won the three-mile automobile race
from five competitors. The time by
miles was 2:1S, 4:16. 6:21.
S. D. Hewson .beat Max Rosenfeld in
a two-mile automobile race. The time
was 2:00 3-5 and 3:49 3-5.
H. David Wilkie drove a motor cycle
three miles in 4:1S 1-5.
The attendance was not as large as
expected. The day's results:
AVU BICYCLE RACES
One mile bicycle handicap — First heat won
by A. Trcut. N. C. W.. scratch; L. G. Shaw.
N C. W. 45 yards, second; ¦ E. E. Bergman,
X. C W.. 80 yards, third; time, 2: it* 4-5.
Second heat won by W. Waibel. G. C. W.,
'scratch. L. Randall, G. G. W., 45 yards, sec
ond: F. G. West, II. C. W.. scratch, third;
F. H. McLaughlln, B. C. W., scratch, fourth;
time, 2:22 1-5. Final heat won by F. H. He-
Lavghlin B. C. W.. scratch; W. Waibel, O. C.
W scratch, second; A. Trout, N. C. W..
scratch, third; time. 2:35 1-5.
One-mile race — Won by Charles Long.
B C W.; time. 2:31 3-5. .
Thr«*>.mlle bleycls handicap— Won by Charles-
Lor.g B. C. W.. 20 yards; E. A. Mitchell. C.
C C 30 yards, pecond; V. Kenyon. S. C. W..
143 yards, third: time. 7:48%. W. Waibel;
G C W . scratch, finished first, but was dis
qualified ror beating the starter's signal.
Ten-mile bicycle team race — Won by Bay
Cltv Whe.lmen (F. H. McLaughlln. J. P. Klm
mons^ Charles Long. F. G. West and Victor
Oreyf Total time, 2U:50 3-5. Time by mllea,
3 07 4.5 2 4U 2-5. 3:29 3-5. 2:37 3-5, 2:53 4-5,
2-35 2-5* 2.3$ 4-5, t:35 3-5, 2:23 3-6. Score by
points Bay City Wheelmen 29. New Century
Wheelman 27. California Cycling dub 17,
Golden GaU Wheelmen b. Central City Wheel-
Three-mlfcs motor cycle handicap — Won by
David Wilkie, A. Cook second. Time by miles,
l:U 1-5, 1:25 3-5. 1:21 3-5.
The feature event was the ten-mile
team race. In- which five clubs were
represented, each by five riders. The
race was made up of a series of short
sprints. The Bay Cities finished first
at the wire at the end of seven differ
ent miles. The New Century Wheel
men were first on the other three
occasions.
The fund for the athletic amphi
theater in Golden Gate Park was in
creased yesterday by the benefit cycle
and automobile meet held at Ingleslde
racetrack. The representatives of the
Bay City Wheelmen won all the cycle
races on the card.
The best match of the day at the
Park courts was that between James
A Code and George Baker and Clar
ence Griffin and Clarence Foley In
doubles. Foley and Griffin played to
Code as much as possible, but the vet
eran upheld his end of it in good style
and his team won. 'Foley then defeated
Code in two straight sets in the best
singles match of the day.
Following are the principal scores of
the- day's play:
Baker and Code beat Foley and Griffin. «-4:
S C. Orayness and H. A. H. Brabant beat C.
Fcley and C. Griffin. 6-3, 4-6. 6-4: C. Griffin
beat C Foley. 6-4. 6-3: George Baker beat
James A. Code. 6-1. 6-2. 6-2: C Foley beat
Code. 6-3. 7-5.
E. P. Robblns beat H. Spring. 6-O, 6-4. ft-2:
Merle Johnson beat 8. C. Gaynes*. 6-4, *U2.
2-6; 8. Hardy and W. B. Collier Jr. beat J.
D. MacGavin and F. Mitchell. 6-3. 6-4; F.
Mitchell end H. Long beat J. D. MacGavin
nr.d W n Ccilller Jr.. 6-4: L. C. Bozarth beat
W. H. Murphy. «-2. 6-3. 4-R. 3-«. C-2; J. D.
MacGavin best H. Long, 6-1. 0-3; G. Llsser
beat C. Smith. 6-3: C. O. Kuehn beat C.
Smith. 6-4: L. Baldwin and R. Drolla beat
C. Smith and C. G. Kuehn. 6-4, ft-1. 6-4: C.
Prlichard beat M. H. Koehler. 7-5. 1-6. 0-2,
6-4, 6-3.
Herbert Long and Frank Mitchell
furnished a good exhibition against
Macdavin and Collier, playing a slash
ing, driving game, which disposed of
their veteran opponents. Long has
broken into fast company of late and
13 proving he Is not out of place. The
fcilowing are the scores of the games'
played at the California Club courts:
There was no tournament tennis
play on either the California or the
Golden Gate Club courts yesterday,
the match for the San Francisco cham
pionship having been again postponed.
This is the first Sunday in many weeks
that has passed without a tjurniment
match of some class on these courts.
MacGavin and Murdock will meet next
Sunday, if both are in condition, for
the championship of the city, after
which there will be no further matches
until the annual tournament for the
Slate championship, nexi month.
The attendance was unusually light
at the Golden Gate Ciub yesterday and
while larger at the California Club
only practice matches were played.
Some of these were of a high class, the
best being that in which Frank Mitch
ell and J. D. MacGavin met William B.
Collier Jr. and Dr. Samuel Hardy in
doubles. The latter have not played
for several weeks, but judging by their
work yesterday the rest has improved
their game. Both played fine, tennis,
winning two good sets from their high
class opponents, who have kept in prac
tice by continuous play for months
past. Both in the back court and at
the net their game was strong. Hardy
made effective use of his cross court
short chop stroke, following it by tak
ing the net. Their steady game was
effective against the dashing style of
play practiced by MacGavin and
Mitchell.
Ban Fr«ncl»co Schuetzen Verein. monthly
medal shooting — Champion class. August Pape.
203- fir*t class, George H. Bahrs. 217: second
das*. August Juncb'ut. 221: third c'n«». K.
Bornholdt. 197; fourth claes, Adam Schaefer.
202
Germanta Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
Fhoot — First champion class. F. E. 'Mason, 22i,
21&- sweond champion class. Oocrge Tommeyer,.
«20'215- first class John Oefkln. 207. 191: sec
ond clats. Gecrge H. Bahra. 212. 102: third
class A. Schaefer. 216; best first shot. A Geh
ret. 2.">; bent last shot, Frank E. Mason. 25.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pl?tol Club monthly
competition: Medal bar**— George Tammeyer,
21"* 217 214. 205. Re-rntry match — A. C. Geh
ret 221 220; E. C. Cordell. 186. Pistol re
entry match— Charles A. Becker. 93. 00. 8rt S3.
84 Military revolver, re-entry match — William
Proll S7. 81 SO. 87. PO; E. Somerville, 84, 81;
Charies A. Becker. 80. '
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot— F.
Pchohay C2 H. Relnhardt 5«. Sergeant L. J.
Mayer 37 K. Wlchnrowskl 40. H. Baker 3«, O.
S Frlcker 47, H. Kuhlke 81. Sergeant B. D.
Hllken 33. J. H. Kuhlke 50. C. Herring 3«.
Lieutenant H. Goetjen Jr. 42. Corporal P. H.
Shcnig 35. Corporal H. MarxMf 49, W. B. Cook
34, Corporal P. C. Peterson 33. Corporal A.
VordJeutscher Shooting Club, monthly medal
rhoct— John OefWn 202. A. Lematre 124. Ceorre
H Bahm 203. R. Stettin 203. John de Wit 190.
a' Orantz 15i, A. Scha««fer 182 August Jung
blut 191. H. Meyer 172. D. Salfleld 176. H.
Bornholdt 203. A. M. Pape 221. D. Huntemann
189 August Westphal 148.
Bullseye shoot— G. Schutz 3S4. Otto Lemck»
¦«14 F C. Rust 7S7. John Oefkln 709. Charles
Old'ag '893, August Hohmann R9«. George H.
Bahrs 90S. August Westphal 1296. Henry Meyer
1308. D. SalHeld 1429.
Bhell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
bullseye shoot— Dr. L. V. Frate.i 7V4. L. R.
Murphy 14^. C. Pri" 15%. W. W. Thompson
16 F Uridberg 30. W J'nulson 30. C. Otten 37.
! O.' A. Poulsen 45V4. A. Poulsen 59. P. Paulson
1 60 J Outtenberger tO. George Hughe* 65>A.
F.' Trout Cfl Captain - L. A. Frates 68%. B.
Pchullerts 69. N. J. Nielsen 80. W. A. SIeb«
80% J Cobby 85%. JF. Schullerts 88%. W.
Crocker 93%. R- C. Holmqul.«t 04. R. 3. Wlx
iwn 9S. John Rlngen 95%, W. Guild 100. B.
EFtes lOO.
Practice competition — H. Wobber. 159, 125;
J Logue. 14a 152: R. S. Wlxson, 193, 188; H.
Wlnrfmlller. 163, 191. i «.'
Oft* shoot, ten shcts — R. S. WJxson 212. H.
i Wlndmlller 203. -- r* -\ •¦-
Dr. L. V. Frates of the Shell Mound
Pistol and Rifle Club has made the
best bullseye of the year with a shot
that measures only 7% thousands from
a true center.
The organizations represented at the
range were the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein. Germania Schuetzen
Club. Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol
Club. Independent Rifles and the
Norddeutscher Shooting Company. The
scores: . «¦
In the Germania Club contest Frank
E. Mason was far ahead of «»" com
petitors with an excellent score of
227 rings in his medal string, winding
up his effort by making a dead-center
shot.
August Jungblut, the veteran rifle
man, was high man in the San Fran
cisco Schuetzen Verein with the goojd
score of 221 rlnea In his 10-shot medal
string. George H. Bahrs of the same
club gave him a close call with 217 to
his credit.
The shooting ranges at Shell Mound
Park were not as well patronized yes
terday as is usual for the second Sun
day of the month. The reason is found
in that so many of the best marksmen
are tn New York attending the Bundes
festival.
First race — •Astarfta, 3Iimo»3»
AVitchcnift.
Second race — Carbuncle, Shorthonc.
Conjnrer.
Third race— 3Iincola, 7>tttle Era,
Ancestor.
Fourth race — Incantation. Bella
trix, Norena.
Fifth race — Sheriff Bell, Stolen
Moments. April Showers.
Sixth race — Vlr^o, Knight of Pearl,
Wild Irishman.
GRAVESE>D SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK. June 12. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Gravesend
follow:
First race, about six furlongs, telling— As^
tarlta 111. Ai«c*n*lor. 111. Fire Eater 110. Vm
Reszke 10S. Irl<ilus 1CS. Tour.g Henry 108.
Counterpoise 1W. Consideration l'/7. Right and
True 1C« Castalian 1^. King Pepper 103.
Mimosa 102 Osgood 101. Casclne 97. Julia M
97 Dr Chapln »s. ¦Witchcraft 97, Toupee 94.
Pond Lily 92 Emergency S».
Second race, mil* and a furlong, handicap —
Shcrthcse IIS. John F lft 1 *. Conjurer 107. Car
buncle 105 Htmsv'.f 90, Phaon S>0. Aurumastef
87 Scotch Thistle t>5.
Third race mile and 70 yards, three-year
old*— A neater 11H. M'neola 10!> PaUttc UMJ.
Bridlepath 101. Little Em 101. Winkaway 101.
Fourth ract- live furlongs, two-year-olds,
the Astoria stake?*— Novena lit. Mirthless 114.
Incantation 114 Simplicity 111. Chtysitrs 114.
Jennie McCabc 11*. Fountain 114. Bellatrls
114. Schulamite 111. (Incantation and Slm
pli.Mty. Jliller entry.) '
Fifth ra.-e one and a sixteenth miles. *»'l
ing— Sheriff Bell 111. Stolen Moments IHt
\prl! Phower3 1C« Sir Roche I'M; Paget t""..
Sabot 1«12. Oav Lothario ICO. Palmbearer IH.
Bcb Murphy »«.
Sixth race five furlong*. two-year-eMa.
handicap — Niblick 117. Grand Marshal ItZ.
Loehinvar 112. St. Bollane 112. Salvador 110.
WIM Irishman lift Gilpta 1«U». Agi'e lf«..
Golden Sunrise I'M Knight of Pearl »7. Am
ber jack 9«. Virgo 92. Councilman Ort. <?t.
Bel'ane '.rd Niblick. Thorcas entry: Council
man and WIM Imhmai Madden entry.)
Weather clear: track fast.
GRAVESEN'D ENTRIES.
WHEELMEN WHO WERE VICTO
KKH'S YESTEP.DAY AT INGLE
ssIUE AND EXCITING FINISH.
HARLEM TRACK E:\TRIES.
CHICAGO, June 12. — Prince Brutus
will be a starter to-morrow at Harlem
in the Graduate stakes. The day's
entries:
First race, four and a half furlongs. maid
ens—The Belle 11D. Lurema 113. Cutter 105
Green Koss Io9. Peerless Queen «5. Dixie An
drews 57. Lou Merrill 103. Lo Lo Mat 10S>. Sea
Voyage W>, Elfie M 115, Gertie Allen 109.
Second race, short course, steeplechase,
handicap — John F Owens 143. Montanlc 14¥,
Oolden Link 14a. Faiella 143. L?o Planter 144.
Third race. Graduate stakes, five furlongs —
Angler ll>5. Fisherman 10f. Dr. Leggo 115.
Mcdredlaw lli«. Prince Brutus 119. Florentine
115. Oleeman 10S. Airship 121. Gtrdlestone 113.
Kurtzmann 121. Luzarion IIS. Plnkerton 118.
Gold Enamel 11?. Squire Johnson 108. (Glee
man and Airship. Dunn entry. Kurtzmann and
Luzarlr.n. Cook entry- Enamel and Johnson,
Miller entry.)
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles —
Bragg 104, Colonial Girl 107. McGee 104.
Fifth rac«. six furlongs, selling— Angflo 102.
Prince of P!'i*n 107. St. Paula 97. Arab 09.
TaDiola 102. Ryevale 99. Ted«ly 1IH. Tryoa
101. Villager 107. Watermelon 99. Lord TVads
worth 107. Silent Water !>7. Dargln 105. Sartor
Reeartus K>. Freckman 09. Dusky 9>*.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Glassful 107,
Telethon* 9<>. Federal 102. Spencerian fi5.
Schor-lmate »7. Alrra Dufour S7. The Mighty
OS. Harrison 102. Foresight 10O. Ebony 00.
Lacy Crawford 09.
Seventh race, one mile. selling— Hainault
109 Durbar 9O. Canyon !»">•*. Emma A M 1»>5.
Dutiful 9-T Solon 102. Pledrich 1C9. Albany
Giri 07 General Stewart 02. Prairie Do« 110.
Ethel Scruggs 00.
Weather clear; track fast.
Warm Weatlier Keeps Away
All But the 3Iost Devoted
of Players — Practice Scores
August Jungblut Higli 3Ian
in Shooting of San Fran
cisco Sckuetzen Verein
Charp.^ionship stake, first rouhd^ — Rector beat
Pocatelll 4-2: Palo Alto beat Belle Free. .V.i:
RIchaM Anton beat Fair Tralee, 11-5; McVey
beat Sva Lion. 4-O.
Peco'.d roua<l — Rector beat Paio Alto, «-l;
MeVey beat Richard Anton. 8-4.
DecWlns course — McVey beat Rector. 2-0.
TENNIS COURTS
ARE DESERTED
VETERAN MAKES
A BIG SCORE
First race — All Black. Gay Adelaide.
Llmeric!: G!rl.
Second race — Daxe Sommers. Bliss
ful. Foxy Kane.
Third race — Folies Berseres. Foot-
Hjrhts Favorite. Wreath of Ivr.
Fourth nure — Bernays.r^Jast So, Fly
lnjr Torpedo.
Fifth race — Charley Thompson.
UJIee, Collonade.
Sixth race — Orpheuni, Bessie Mc-
Carthy. Mildred L.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
ST. LOUIS, June 12. — The entries
for the Fair Grounds races to-morrow
follow: /
First race, four and a half furlongs — Gay
Adelaide 110. Dishabille 110. Herstan 110. Ar
lena 110, Picture Hat 110, Limerick Girl 100.
All Black US. San Kellcita 1C5. Lorett JI IUd.
La Princess 105 Erla Lee 105, Pedesla Iu5.
Zulelka d'Or 105. Jetty 103.
Second race, six and a half furlongs, selling
— Foxy Kane 110. Dare Pommers 107. Crescer
ton 107, Bella Knight 104, Vassal Dance 104.
Wiyyendine 102. Miss Manners 102. Lady Vash
tl 1V2 Florestan 102. Ruralist 102. Blissful 101.
Glen Gallant ICO, Short Cake 97, Teacy Belle
67. Hcok S* Oka 03.
Third race, six furlongs — Hoedown 104. Bon
nie Mary 104. Mordella 104. Footlights Favorite
V104. Atlas 1W. Wreath of Ivy 100. MataMa 100.
Folies Bergeres 100.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Terra Firma 107. Flying Tcrpedo 104, Bernays
VXi. Pettljohn lfi. Just So 97. Commodore «7.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling — Charlie
Thompson 10D, COitonade 107. Thane lOti, Hliee
104, Dolly Gray 10% Little Corker 69, Avotd 87.
Martinus U3. Metlakatla S6.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
— Bessie McCarthy 111. Buccleuth 109. Trinity
Bell 100. Merwin 105. Orpheum 103. Red
Thistle 85 Falkland 90. Dollnd* 85. Mildred
L S3.
Weather clear: track slow.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS
Taoor.a 0 1 0 2 0 2 2 1 x— »
3*r* hit* 020102 3 2 x— 10
Seattle o o 0 0 0 1 0 0 0—1
Bast Mis 00110100 1—4!
SCMMART.
Errcr* — Hall. Mchlcr. Nordyke. Lynch.
Btracfc out— By Flt««rald 1. by Williams 1.
Pi."-* on ball*— By Kltr^erald 2, by YVilliami! .
.'5. Stnlen liayp* — Hogan, Dc>l»>. McLau^hlln.
:._¦ .-. Two-bafe hH? — Egan. McLau*hlln,
I.ywh >?}. ?8.-nfff hit* — Doylf. Ca*ey. Hogan.
Double plays — Nordyke to Sheehan. Casey to
Ni-rdyke. WHscn to Lsft on base* —
Ta-f rra C, Seattle 3. First base on errors —
Ta orr.a 1. Seattle 1. Time of game — One hour
am* thirty Tnlnutet. Umpire — O'Connell.
SEATTLE. Wash.. June 12. — Seattle
won this afternoon in the tenth inning,
when, with the bases full, Hall placed
a f.y o\-2T Casey's head. Score:
Seattle — • Taccn^a —
AB R. H. P.A.' AB.R. H. P.A.
Vr.Htn.cf 3 12 0 1 Doyle.rf. 5 12 2 0
M'-hlr.i'b. 5 0 13 2 Khehn 3b 2 0 0 3 3
n:hny.r.b 4 2 12 ONrdyk.lb 5 1 1 10 0
Frifk.tf.. 5 0 2 12 Eafan.«. 4 2 0 12
Kmith.rf. 4 0 0 2 0 Lynch.cf. 4 1110
Bkshj* lb 4 O 1 8 n'Ca»ey,2b. 5 0 2 13
Hall. «.. 4 1 2 0 lMUrhn.lf 4 0 12 0
Wl!son.c. 3 10 5 «> Grahm.c. 5 0 18 2
CHnl'-.r- 10 0 0 1 StVran.p £0102
Shields.? 3 10 3 3:
Totals 44 5 9»28 12
Totals 41 0 9 00 10:
•One cut when winning run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
BeatUe 1 «'«> 0 0 0 4 O 0 1— '«
n^s» hits 2 00110200 3—0
Taroma 0 1 0 0 0 0 3 1 0 0—5
Base hlw 0 3 10 0 12 10 1— S>
SfMMARY. '
Errers — Hlankenphip. Hall. Kagan. Lynch.
Ca*ey, St. Vraln. Earned rune — Seattle 1.
Taccma 1. Twn-bafe hit* — R. Hall, Doyle.
Three-haf* hlt»— L>x.ch Carey. Sacrifice hits
— Smith. H. Hall, Sheehan. Stolen bases —
Dclthanty. Ncrdyke <i'), Eagan. Bases on
balls— By Hall 1. by Shields 2. by St. Vraln 2.
WI14 pitch— Shield*. Hit— By Hall 2. by St.
Vraln 1. Ftrack cut— By Shields 5. by St..
Vraln 4. Left en bases — Seattle tt. Tacoma 10.
Time of game — 2 hours 13 minutes. Umpire —
O'Conn»lI.
BROWNS SWING THEIR BATS.
Bis Doc Newton Scverly Punished by
the PorUnnd Slusffers.
LOS ANGELES. June 12. — Portland
batted Newton to-day for five two-bag
gers, a home run and six singles.
Iberg was batted almost equally hard.
In the last half of the eighth inning
Spies, for Los Angeles, hit a three
bagger down the left foul line, bring
ing in three runs and tieing the score.
In Portland's half of the ninth, how
ever, the Browns fell on Newton for
three hits, one of them a two-bagger,
netting them three runs. Los Ange
les secured but one run in their half.
The score:
Los Anirelec — ¦ Portland —
, AB.R. H. P.A AB.R. H. P.A.
Toman. *i 3 1 0 ft 3 Nadau.lf . 5 14 10
Flood.2b. 5 0 0 0 4 MCrde,2b 4 O 1 2 5
Fmith.3b. 5 1111 Drnan.cf. 4 0 0 4 0
Bercrd.cf 5 0 11 0I?eck.lb.. 3 1 2 13 O
Cravth.rf 5 1 4 O 0 Frncli,3b 4 2 2 10
Chare lb. 4 1 1 10 0 Kchmer.a 3 10 13
I Wheelr.lf 4 112 l.Thlmn.rf 3 113 0
' Fpien.c... 4 0 2 8 3 SMman c. 4 12 2 0
Newton. p 4 0 10 2.1berg,p". . 4 0 0 0 4
Total* 38 5 11 27 1*' Total* 34 7 12 27 12 :
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lou Anrele* 0 1 0 0 O 0 03 1 — 8
Base hlt» 0 1 0 1 1 1 1 4 2—11
Portland 0 0 1 0 0 6 3 0 3 — T
Base hits 1 12 1112 0 3—12'
StTMMAKT.
Stolen base — Francis. Errors — Echmevr.
Iberg. Flood. Home run — Francis. Three-base
hit— Spie*. Two-base hits — Na.lt su (2), Cra
\-ath, McCreedle. Bteeman <2). Sacrifice hit* —
McCrcedKr Toman. First base on errors— Los
Anjr.elen 2. Portland 1. Base on balls Off
lberg 2. off Newton 3. Struck out — By Iberx
1. by Newton 7. Left on bases — Los Angeles
If. Portland 4. Double play* — Wheeler to
Toman: Flood to Toman to Chase. Time of
K*me — 1 hour IS alnutes. Umpire — McDooald.
TACOMA. Wash.. June 12. — Tacoma
won the morning game with ease. Fitz
p< raid being In good form. Tacoma hit
Williams at the proper time. A double
j>lay by Nordyke and Sheehan was the
feature. 'Score:
Tacoma— 1 Seattle—
AH- R- H. P.A AB. II. H. PA.
rxjrlerf. 3 O 1 3 0 Van H.rf 4 113 0
r-behnSb 6 112 1 Mohlr.Sb 4 O O 3 7
Voriy lb 4 0 1 S lilicleh.3b 4 0 110
hcania. 3 2 10 3»l*k.lf. 3 0 12 0
I.vnch.cf. 4 2 2 5 0 KmJih.rf . 4 0 0 0 3
<'a»O-2b. 3 10 4 3 BInkp.lb 4 0 0 11 0
MeLcLlf 3 2 5 4 OHall.cs.. 2 0 0 14
Ilocaric. 3 0 # 1 0 Wllnon.c. 3 O 0 3 1
r.-zr~T.:> 4000 (i\vi!ks.p. 3 » 1 0 3
Tot*l» 5 ~8 10 27 5* Total* 31 1 4 21 13
EVEN BRIIAK IN* THE NORTH.
Taoonia Wins First Game Handilv.
but Loses Second.
A couple cf hard luck errors started
The going. After Yerkes had been re
tired Miller was hit by a pitched ball j
and came in on Hildebrand's two-bag- i
irer to left. Waidrcn singled to right, j
and Hilde made a bluff at running for
the plate. G&Bley threw the sphere in I
and it just barely bounded over Byrnes' J
head. This let Hildebrand score and j
sent Waidrcn to third.
Meany brought Waldron in with a j
bingJe, and apain the ball was thrown j
around, in the mixup Meany regis- j
tered. After that Irwin hit and Town- >
send hit. and they both arrived when I
Jimmy Byrnes made a low throw to I
second base trying to catch Townsend |
rapping-. J
That apparently ended the strife: but j
not Quite, for in the seventh Oakland j
was coming strongly. The first three j
men up. Ganley. Francks and SchlaSty. ]
Fir-pled, filling the bases. Dunleavy j
rapped one past Reitz and Ganley was j
there. Devereaux popped to Leahy,
making the first out. At this juncture !
Mr. Yerkes executed a wild pitch, let- I
ting Francks score. Moskiman lined a
hot one at Miller, which the Rabbit
fielded nicely. While Schlafley was be
ing run down between third and home
the ball got away from Leahy after the
put -out was made and Dunleavy j
eneaked in. making the score 7 to 6 in :
favor of San Francisco, the locals hav
irg registered in their half of the in
ring.
It looked like a good chance for Oak
land to wfn out at any cost, but more I
Vad work happened in the eighth, when j
Terkes hit and Miller was again slapped
la the ribs. Waldron scored Yerkes
""ith a Ion? fly ani HHdebrand walked.
Both Miller and Hildebrand came in on
iteany's pop By to second, which no one
v.«ent after. The score:
Otklar.d"— San Francis'-" —
AB R. H. F. A AB.R. rf. P. A.
r-ar.ley.rf 4 2 ¦: j o Ililier.Bs. 2 2 0 3?
t'mcks.Bs 5 2 2 1 3 I'A'.br.d If 5 2 2 4 ft
t bOtJh 4 < 1 2 I ,\.n!<5n cf 4 3 2 3 0
lr.vv.cr. r, i 2 i 0 lUaoy.rf 4 13 2 0
J»»vrx.3b r, «» 3 1 S I'wtn.Sb. S o 2 2 4
llafcmaJf 5 0 1 3 tl • ¦n-r.ftf.lb 5 ! 2 7 Of
t*r*>ib.lb. .'. 0 ft S O»:e«tzCh. 5 0 0 1 3|
I rrn**.c. :i O 1 « 1 J^ahy.c. 5 0 1 5 0
1 rahro.p. 4 0 0 0 2 ».n:e*.p. 4 1 1 0 2 j
Totals. 40 « 13 ~ 9 Tott'.s.3:» 10 12 'JZ 11
RO.-P \XD HITS BY INNINGS.
f-an Francisco 1 » O O 5 O 1 3 f» — 10 i
lias* fciu 1 1 «» 2 4 O 2 3 ri — in 1
GftUSBd 2 0 1 0 O O 3 0 U — «!
3sse tit* 2 1 20 1 141 1—13 I
PfMMARY.
Stolen fcase» — Franck*. Townsend. Meany.
KiHer L*Ehv. Error* — Oanl»-y. Devereaux.
1 yrr.f*. Graham. Irwln. Two-hate hlt« — Dev
• max. Hi:<iebran(J. Eacrlflce hit — Meanr. ',
First ti«* oa on-ori* — Pan Francisco 1. Fit»t '•
>a«e on c&:i<<] hall* — OTT Terkes 3. oft Oraham
Left on baw»— P*n Francisco 3. Oaklanl
T ri:r-_--k out— Ry Y»rk«* 2. by Graham 5. i
l J it fcy pltetkH*— XJnrT 2 P«.«m<1 ball— Leahy, j
¦Wild pitch — Yerlte«. Time of *r2n.e — Two hour»
esd 1'J rr.irrjtfs. Umrire — Huttvn.
Tic Came at Oakland.
The mornir.jr crame was a good ex
hibition of baseball. Oakland had a
load of two runs till the eighth,' when
San Francisco landed for three hits
and made a run. Three more In the
rirth netted another one. The game
extended into the tenth. San Francieco
leaving its half of the inning. The !
time limit thtr. expired and the game
had to co back to the ninth, ending
2 to 2. The score:
San FranrSmjo — I Oakland —
AB.R.H.P.A.! AB.R. H. P. A.
Miller.** : z ¦¦¦ 1 Gaiily.rf. 4 2 3 0 1*
VaMn.cf 5 13 3 O : Fmki.fi 5 113 2
M«-ar.y.rf 5 O 1 0 o Pchfly.2b 3 « 0 O 3
lrwln.3b S01O 2iDn!vy,cf 40100
Tn»d. lb 5 0 O 12 O Devrr.Sb 4 O 1 4 4
Arvlsn.lf 4 O <> 2 » Mfkm.lf 3 0 2 4 4
ReitZ.2b 4 0 2 15 Ktrtib.lb 4 O <> 11 1
Gorton.c 3 0 14 1 Uyrce*.c 4 <> 1 C O
Jooes .p. 3 0 O 0 2 Buchan.p 3 0 0 0 1
tVhalen.p 00000
•Ltahy.. 1 O 0 O O Totals. 34 2 9 30 IS
TotaU.4U 2 10 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
£an Francisco. O OO0OOO1 1 o 2
Baae hits ..1O01O1 1 33 0— lit
Oakland 1 0 1 O 0 0 0 0 0 x— 2
Bue hit* . . 1 22111010 x— »
BU1OCABY.
Errcr* — Francks 2. Moeklman. Ptrelb,
Buchanan. Ftolen Is.-** — Franck*. Schlafley.
Motklxnan. Three-bB«« hit* — Ganley 2. Two
base hit* — Byrne«. WaliJrcn 2. Dur.leavy. Mil
lar. Flr»t base on error* — Pan Franci»co 4.
FJret bare on callwl balls — Off Jones 3. off
WhaJen 2. oST Buchanan 2. Left on base* —
Fan Francisco 1". O»klisnd»a. Struck out — By
Jose* 4. by Buchanan 2. Double play — Reitz
to Miller to Town*en<J. Time of same — 2
hiura, Ujrj>lre» — Perrine and Elethen. ¦
The best Oakland secured yesterday
vas a slide on the baseball toboggan.
For a few innings the Commuters were
• ir.r.ing on their home grounds, but
the curtain was al»out to be rung
down th*> Harris tossers began touting,
making a deadlock which could not be
l'roken. so the time limit expired with
i he score 2 to 2.
Again the Commuters were the big
Tv.oguis at Recreation Park. In the fifth
inning, however, there came a change.
The score was then 3 to 1 in Oakland's
favor, but before Fan Francisco got
through working in the fifth they
jammed five in and made it 6 to 3 in
iheir favor.
Munroe looked fresh as a daisy after
taking his bath in the ocean. His bat
tered nose is healing rapidly, as no one
had a chance to take any punches at
it yesterday. The talk of postponing
the battle does not seem to worry the
big minpr in the least. He will be fit
and readv on the important night, and
.hat is all he seems concerned about at
the present time.
Manager James Coffroth of the Yo
semite Athletic Club states positively I
that the Jeffries-Munrce flgrht will be |
held en next Friday nignt. All kinds,
of rurr.ors are being wafted about the J
town, some to the effect that the fight
is off. others that it has been post
poned for two weeks and others that it
will never take place, but in the face
of all these Manager Coffroth appears
confident and so expresses himself.
From indications the champion's In
jured knee is progressing favorably.
He rested all day yesterday and the
member gave him no trouble. The
swelling seems to have gone down
somewhat, and it seems the injury
should heal rapidly.
The big fellow insisted on having it
lanced yesterday, but the attending
physician refused to perform the oper
ation, stating that it was not neces
sary, as the wound would heal much
more rapidly of its own accord by ab
sorption. Jeff, while a little impatient,
is not vi3iblv worried over it and thinks
he will be ready for the fray Friday
night.
• I have no fears." said Manager Cof
froth last night. ''The fight will take
place on Friday night and the big
champion will be in better condition
than ever before when he enters the
ring. I have information that I know
is reliable as to Jeff's condition, and
therefore can state positively that there
will be absolutely no hitch."
Just when the champion will leave
the springs is not definitely settled yet,
though in all probability Tuesday will
be the day. Delaney stated that the
party may remain a day longer, or pos
sibly postpone their stay until Thurs
day. He communicated with Manager
Coffroth to that effect, and the latter
told Delaney to use his own judgment
and leave when he thought best.
JeJf has two tempting offers to star
with minstrel trounes. one at the St.
Louis Exposition and the other on the
Eastern circuit. As the former Is the
more enticing it is likely the big boiler
maker will be taking his turn as an end
man and rapping the bag about should
he be successful in stowing the big
miner away.
It was vacation time at Munroe's
yesterday, and the only thing Jack did
was to take his customary spin on the
road and a plunge into the sea. He
lounged about the tavern all day and
thousands flocked to the place to get a
giimpse of the much-talked-of first
artist.
Tom King proved the best in the
open stake event, beating Golden For
tune in the deciding course by a score
of 11 to 5. The coursing in the stake
was fast, notwithstanding the heati
Many short endera landed at good odJ3.
The crowd was large and thoroughly
enjoyed the sport. Following are the
day's results, with Judge P. J. Relliy'a
official score:
Open stake: Fir.«t round — Tanora beat
Texas Mamie, ;:-«>: Cubanola beat Jack Doe-. 11-0;
Lily Wrlffht bent Bnicht Fortune. 5-2; Kurat
Artist beat Wattles. S-.1; Master Rocket beat
Haddington. 1-«; Texas Jill beat Colcreil La<i.r.
4-2; Rapid Water beat St. Loul» Boy. 5-2:
General Uewet a bye. Sacramento Boy w.th
drawn; J E H beat Amanian. 2-o; Meilinwocd
beat Flaunt. S-S: Mickey Free beat CVmm«vn»l
Traveler. 15-4: Texas Hoo Hoo beat Merry Go
Rcunii. 6-3; Frisky Boy beat Pajc!iacci. '-U'-»:
Chilimara beat Pepper Jack. 3-2; Gold Fortune
beat Liberator. 8-1; Red Rock beat Hurabu;.
7-4; Rich Argosy beat Alcnis. 9-4: Vanlal btai.
Fancy Free. 4-0; Tom K;-.sr beat Hudncn. 4-2:
Mifs Brummel beat Northern Alarm. 1S-2; l'n»
beat Galvesum. «i-3; Lucy Clair beat DuhaJlow.
ll-«: Lord Brazen beat Old Ironsides. D-2;
Aeolus beat Donnybrook. 5-2; Renegade Apache
beat Friendless Bey. 3-0; Intruder beat Wedite
wocd. 4-2; Raby Aurora beat Gambit. 8-5: Tra
lee La«a beat Rockiin Boy, 7-3; Golden Garter
beat Medley. 4-0; Honest John beat Remisso
Anlmo. 2-0; Ors!na beat Foxhunter, J-0; Fonte
noy beat Frank Dunn, 7-4.
Second round — <"utv»r.ola beat Tamora. 3-O;
Lily Wrlsht "c*at Rural Artist, 7-4; Texas Jill
beat Master Rocket, fi-3; General Dewet beat
Rapid Water. C-4; J E H beat Mellinwood. 3-0;
Terag Hoo Hio beat Mickey Free. S-4; Frisky
Boy b-at Chtllmara. 7-6; Golden Fortune beat
Red Rrck .«-5; Vandal beat IUch Arsosy. 5-2;
Tom King b*at Miss Brummel. 5-0: Lucy Clair
beat L'r.a. 7-0; Lord Brazen beat Aeolus, 5-0:
Renegade- Apache beat Intruder. 7-6; Raby
Aurora beat Trale« Lass. 11-7; Honest John
beat Golden Garter, 8-5; Fontenoy beat Orslna,
4-3.
Third ronnd— Cubanol* beat LUy Wright. 4-0:
Texas J1U beat General D«wet. «-6; Texas
Hoo Hoo beat J E H. 7-0; Golden Fortune beat
Frirky Boy. B-3; Tom Kin« beat Vandal. «-«>:
Lor-t Brazen beat Lucy Clair. *-0; R-nerade
Apache beat Raby Aurora. 5-0; Fcntenoy beat
Orsina, 4-3.
Fourth round — Cubanola beat Texaa Jill. H-Ti
Oolden Fortune beat Texas Hoo Hoo. 4-0: Ton*
Kir? beat Lord Brazen, 6-4; Renegade Apache
beat Fontenoy. 5-1.
Fifth round — Golden Fortune beat Cubanola.
8-4- Tom Kirs beat R*n<"(rade Apache. 7-5.
Deciding course — Tern King beat Golden For
hune, 11-5.
The honors in the championship stake
at Union Coursing Park yesterday
went to that young fast • greyhound.
McVey. He showed the class and won
each course decisively. In the final
round with Rector he led in a long
run and killed without allowing hia op
ponent to score a point. The Held was
a strong pne. including Palo Alto. Po
catelli. Fair Tralee, Belie Free, Richard
Anton and Sea Lion.
The last came of baseball in this city
for a mouth was played yesterday aft
ernoon at Recreation Park in the swel
tering: heat. San Francisco triumphed
over Oakland. Had Los Anre'.es won
from the Browns the southern team
would be in first place. As it is. Oak
land goes north with a lead of one
game. Los Angeles is in third place.
Tacoma taking: second honors.
tP»c.flr Coast X^e&cue.)
W.U Pet.' W.L. Pet.
Oak'.and 42 32 tCS 9-attle 3»
Tacoir.a 42 33 .£¦ «' San Kran 33 *J -*52
l*x ARgelt*. .12 33 5C0,I'ortit3d 22 4S .314
STANDING OK THE CL.UBS.
CHICAGO. June 12.— The results of
the racing: on different tracks yesterday
bad an important bearing on the strug
gle for the American Derby, which
lakes place at Washington Park on the
ISth inst. Briefly summarized, they
were the defeat of both the first choices
in the future books. English Lad at
Harlem and Highball at Gravesend.
with the announced withdrawal of the
latter from the big race; the good per
formance of Moharib In winning the XI.
Lewis Clark stakes, the marked Im
provement of Bill Curtis, the game ef
fort of Flo Bob and the unexpected po
sition of Proofreader in the same race:
the capture of the Buffalo Derby by
Fort Hunter after a brilliant struggle
in fast time, and the winning of the
Cincinnati Hotel handicap at Latonia
by Delmonico in record time for the
stake. Silk Maid, another Derby can
didate, was second.
Special Dlscatch to The Call.
Munroe Proves the Center of
Attraction for an Immense
Crowd at the Beach
Morning Game Ends in Tie.
the Time Limit Expiring
With Result Undecided
Captures the Open Event by
Outpointing 3Iany Speedy
Ones in Exciting Trials
English Lad Loses at Har
lem While Highball Kuns
in Bad Form at* Gravesend
FAVORITES ARE BEATEN'
TOM KING RUNS IX FORM
DISPLAYS START RALLY
MAY BE AT WORK TO-DAY
Is Chafing Under the Ke
straint Imposed Upon Him
by His Injured Knee Cap
Commuters Go to Pieces in
Fifth Inning and Uncle's
Men Score Five tallies
Greyhound Shows Class in
the Championship Stake
at Union Coursing Park
Several Candidates Make
Their Last Public Appear
ance Before Classic Race
DERBY COLTS
ARE TRIED OUT
OAKLAND LOSES
LAST CONTEST
BIG CHAMPION
STILL RESTING
M'VEY BEATS
A FAST FIELD
YOSEMITE CLUB OFFICIALS ARE POSITIVE THE JEFFRIES -MUNROE FIGHT WILL BE HELD ON FRIDAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 13. 1904.
Riders Sporting the Maltese Cross Sweep the Programme at the Meeting for
the Benefit of the Golden Gate Park Speedway and Ath ! etic Am
phitheater—Finishes in the Automobile Events Are Not Exciting
BAY CITY WHEELMEN ARE SUCCESSFUL
IN COMPETITION ON INGLESIDE TRACK
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Union Southern Padfic^^ j
I Pullman and Tourist to St. Louis. June 15th— Teach- \|
g ers Excursion, 16th, 22d, 23d. July 1st. 2d. 7th, 8th, «
f 13th, 14th. ROUND TRIP, $67.50. Scenes from the Ij
I ear windows, wall maps and handy pocket maps to fi
t the World's Fair grounds and handsome Illustrated j
\ S. F. BOOTH, General Agent U. P. R R., M
* 1 Montgomery Street, or Southern Pacific Agents. M
1 " DIRECTUNE If
B otf OGDEM VNWS m PACIflC .OMAHA m gl
I J^>"\SALT LAKE. TcHEYtNNE. CHICAGO m
C DENVER "ciTV 3T.LOUIS Rj}Onrnett'n Extract of Vanilla has
taken gold, medals against all other brands. •
. Baggage j transferred to . and | from . all trains,
steamers, etc., : at *iow" rates. J One trunk' (sin
gle trip)-33 centsf.round trip 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery,. 308 Taylor. 650 Market, Oak
land Ferry; Depot. .Phone Exchange 46. •
Notice to Passengers.
Mrs. Flossie Owens, residing with
her husband at 762 Post street, tried
to end. her life last night by taking a
dose of carbolic acid. She was re
moved to the Emergency Hospital and
lies in a critical condition,
Woman Attempts" Suicide.
: BOT /SHOT . IN; THE HAND.— Walter Wel
by, agiw 14, years, residing with his parents at
i:;nj4>Eleventh , street.' received a', shot in' the
left hand from \ a . toy . pistol : by ¦ an ¦ unknown
boy yesterday. The . wound was , dressed - by
Dr. Emmal at .the Emergency Hospital. - The
tough who fired the shot is not known to the
Injured lad and' consequently he escaped.,' ¦
• Michael Anracher, a recent arrival
from the country, was wayiad and
beaten by a number of men last night
at Fourth : and Harrison streets. ; He
says .he was walking along ¦ when ' the
men jumped out of a dark, corner and
attacked him. The injured man thinks
he was mistaken by a gang of striking
freight handlers for a non-union work
man. ' : •
Beaten by Thucs.
Trapper's Oil cu»es" rheumatism and neuralsia.
DruesistB. 60c flask. KIchard A Co.;* 4U6 CU/.*
¦ The.; warm weather of .yesterday at
tracted many. thousands to the park and
ocean beach and filled. the cars to over
sowing. Marty, of them will, to-day visit
the exhibit- of gas ranges made by S. "F.
Gas and Electric Co.. 415 Post street. •
A. Obendorfer of 1044 Howard
street committed suicide in Golden
Gate Park yesterday by drinking car
bolic acid. g .The, dead man had been
despondent for some time. The corpse
was found by S Frank Hamilton and
wife of 430 Howard street. The body
was removed, to the Morgue. .
Kills Himself in Park.
Duncan is acctised of drawing over
$3400 from the San Francisco Savings
Union last Friday after he had been
served with an order issued by Judge
Seawell restraining him. from interfer
ing with the money on deposit in the
bank, which, it Is alleged, belonged to
his wife. She applied for a divorce
from him last Thursday.
William C. Duncan, Benjamin's
brother, who ejected Mrs. Duncan
from her home at 1701 Page street
on Friday night and was arrested on
Saturday afternoon on a charge of bat
tery, will appear before Police Judge
Fritz this morning.
Mrs. Hazel B. Duncan has decided
to proceed criminally against her hus
band, Benjamin B. Duncan, and Sat
urday she swore to a complaint be
fore Police Judge Cabaniss charging
him with felony embezzlement. The
warrant was handed to Captain Mar
tin and he wired a description of Dun
can to various points directing his ar
rest.
Mrs. Hazel B. Duncan. Will Prose
cute Her Spouse for Drawtas
Money Out of Bank.
SWEARS OUT WARRANT
FOR HUSBANVS ARREST
The Rev. Dr. William Rader, pastor
of the Third Congregational Church,
announced to his congregation . last
evening that he will leave for England
on June 22 and will be absent from
his pulpit for three months. - ' ,v
During the pastor's absence trie
Third Church will be thoroughly reno
vated, the money for that purpose hav
ing been already raised.
While in England Dr. Rader will
spend most of his time In London,
where, besides preaching in several
London pulpits, he will do some
literary .work. ¦ .
Dr. Rader has been asked to occupy
the ; pulpit for one Sunday at j Christ
Church, Enfleld.
During his ten years' pastorate of
the Third Church* this will be Dr.
Rader's second extended vacation.
The Rev. C. W. Hoag of the. Ply
mouth-avenue Congregational Church,
Oakland, will supply the pulpit during
July, when- the services, owing to /the
alterations of the building, will be
conducted in the basement • of the
church.
Dr. Rader will preach his last ser
mon . before leaving next , Sunday. ./ :
Pastor to Leavo for England and
Will Preach In London ' Durihz i
His Visit There. '
REV WILLIAM RADER WILL
TAKE EXTENDED VACATION
¦ Dr. A. Fenyes, a prominent etomol
oglst of Pasadena, and his .wife are
at the St. Francis. Dr. Fenyes is about
to make. a trip through the northern
forests in pursuit . of scientific knowl
edge. .,
Railroad; Commissioner A. C. Ir
win.ls down from Marysville and reg
istered at the Lick.
¦ Louis Farr of : Ogden, one of the
builders of the' Central Pacific Rail
road, ! who ' has' figured prominently in
the history of Utah/ is a guest at the
Lick. • • .-...•¦
State Surveyor General Victor * H.
Woods Is at the Lick.
Dr. and Mrs. W. F. Lynch of Elm
hurst are at the Lick.
D. H. Jackson, a mining man of
Placerville, is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. Eugene Gunther of
New York are at the St. Francis.
Baron de Fetzins end daughter of
Paris arrived at the Palace last night.
Wilfred C. Abbott of Rosebank,
Cape Colony, South Africa, is at the
Lick. , ' ' w
C. P. Vlcini of Jackson, District At
torney of Amador County, is at the
Lick.
PERSONAL.
CALL subscriber* contemplating: a
ebang-a of residence during 1 the summer
months can have thtlr paper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notify
ing THE CALL Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and . Is represented by a local
ag/ent In all towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
Detectives O'Dea and Mulcahy were
detailed on the case and on Saturday
they went to 220 Langton street and
discovered a large quantity of goods,
including hair mattresses, clothing,
underclothing, silverware, wine and
other articled, which were sent to the
Hall of Justice in a patrol wagon.
Blackman was placed under arrest.
Peter J. Dupy, 1517 Sacramento
street, identified some of the articles
as his property and the police think
that others who will Identify some of
the goods are Mr3. Catherine M. Sul
livan, 1443 Page street; Mrs. J. P.
Taggart, 443 Broderlck street; Mrs.
Mead, 650 Fell street; Louis Audit.
1575 Jackson street, and John Bull
winkle. 151 Central avenue, whose
basements were entered and plun
dered. " ¦¦."¦;•.'¦»..
Isaac Blackman Jr. was arrested
on Friday by Policemen Herring and
Rourke with a wagon load of articles
that he had stolen from the basement
of a house on McAllister street. He
said the horse and wagon belonged to
his father, Isaac Blackman, 220 Lang
ton street, and that he had used the
rig to carry away articles that had
been stolen from the basements of dif
ferent houses in the Western Addi
tion.
Accused of Steallns Articles From
Basements and Usins a Wason
to Carry Them Aw*.
FATHER AND SON ARE
HELD BY THE POLICE
After an -effort of half an hour the
Protrero Hospital ambulance. was sum
moned and he was removed thither.
For three hours Dr. Buell labored
over him and finally succeeded in re
storing hini to consciousness. Later
he was removed to his home by friends
and at a late hour, last night was re
ported entirely out of danger.
A mixed assemblage at the Six-mile
House yesterday afternoon was given
the pleasure of seeing a prizefight that
almost terminated fatally and the
price of admission did not range from
$5 to $20, as in the Jeftries-Munroe
contest that will take place next Fri
day night. Notwithstanding that ad
mission was free, one of the contest
ants went out and remained uncon
scious for three hours and was only
revived by urgent work of the doctors
at the Potrero Emergency Hospital."
Jack Godfrey and Carl Patersen
were the two participants. Both boast
some jirowess as pugilists and they
put on the gloves in a friendly bout.
Godfrey was supposed to be the more
expert and he promised Petersen to
cut out the rough work. In the third
round, while Godfrey was forcing
Petersen to the ropes with feints and
slight - punches, the latter suddenly
shot out a right that landed fairly in
the solar plexus. Godfrey went out
and the usual restoratives failed to
bring him to consciousness.
Jack Godfrey and Carl Pctcrscn Don
the Gloves and the Latter Nearly
Dies From Blow.
PUNCH IN THE PLEXUS
ALMOST PROVES FATAL
A large delegation of happy picnick
ers attended the third annual picnic of
the outside electrical workers of the
International Brotherhood of Elec
trical Workers at Schuetzen Park yes
terday. Starting at 9:30 o'clock, hun
dreds armed with lunch baskets of
formidable size boarded the ferry
boats for Tiburon and the crowd of
excursionists at the park Increased
with every incoming tralnload. At the
park music and dancing were the or
der of the day. Owing to the sickness
of the chairman of the games commit
tee the games were canceled. A few
races were run, however, for which
cash prizes were given. The commit
tee of arrangements comprised H. L.
Worthington. chairman; James Mc-
Donald, George Cooney, William Coyle
and B. R. Schutt.
With Lunch Baskets and a Band They
Have Enjoyable Time.
ELECTRICAL WORKERS' OUTING.
After his visit here Professor Salazar
purposes going to St. Louis, where he
will remain for several weeks studying
subjects of technological Interest and
will then journey on to Europe. This
is his first visit to California.
the Eastern colleges of this country to acquire
the higher branches of education In technology.
I will recommend that these young men come
to California or to Colorado, where they can
enjoy the same If not milder climatic condi
tions than In Chile and acquire the practical
experience during their studies that Is not af
forded them in the schools of the European
countries. California Is really the ideal place
of leamlnc for the Chilean who la seeking
knowledge of a technical character, especially
In tbe branch in which I am an instructor,
and I earnestly hope that my words of advice
to my countrymen will be heeded for the sake
of their sons.
Truly Shattuck and Marcel's living
art studies and bas-reliefs are still
leading attractions on th« Orpheum
bill. Of the wtek's new acts 'Mike,"
Foster's dog, and Mile. Louise Agoust,
with Charles H. Weston & Co., give
high satisfaction.
Truly Shattuck opens with a dainty
Irish ballad, and when the last of her
three numbers Is rendered the audience
offers applause without stint. Most of
the bas-reliefs and poses by the Marcel
combination are new, and one, "A
spartan mother receiving the body of
her son," is particularly striking.
Mile. Louise Agoust is one of the
famous Agoust family that has ap
peared on the boards in\this city, and
she does clever juggling. The comic
skits of Weston while she works
brighten up the act considerably.
"Mike" is a clever dog and offers an
example of extraordinary canine Intel
ligence.
Eddie Heron and company nresent a
one-act farce and afford entertainment.
The Roman! Trio Introduce musical
ncvelties, and Mr. RomanI plays two
distinct parts on two cornets at the
same time. RomanI closes the act by
balancing a coach horn on his mouth
and while his hands are engaged in
beating a drum playing It. The Avon
Comedy Four and Leah Russell com
plete the show.
The difference between the work of
the stage carpenter and tha.t\ of the
playwright must be evident, to every
one who saw the two war plays pro
duced by the Oliver Morosco Company
at the California— the somewhat life
less dramatization of Cable's "The Cav
alier," presented -last week, and Wil
liam Gillette's dashing, well-construct
ed drama, "Secret Service," in which
the caoable players opened last even
ing for their final week but onei Be
tween author and actor the spectator
had a goo.d time last night. Honors,
too, were evenly distributed, although,
as usual, the center of the stage was
apt to be where Amelia Gardner stood.
Her rendering of the character of Edith
Varney is full of sympathy and force.
But the piece was not written for the
heroine, and Howard Gould as Dumont,
the Union sj>y masquerading as the
Confederate Captain Thorne, had a
part wholly to his liking and won a dis
tinctly personal triumph. His work in
the tremendous third act— the scene in
the War Department's telegraph office
at Richmond — was strong, simple, com
plete, and it won deserved applause.
Just behind these leaders two young
players merit much praise. Miss EtSle
Esmond's genuinely girlish Caroline
Mitford was the most winning frgure
in the performance. /Harry Mestayer's
Wilfred Varney showed him to even
better advantage than anything else
this son of an old San Francisco favor
ite has dene here. Thomas Oberle's
Arrelsford, the secret service man, was
finely conceived, like everything he
does.
<iDr. A. E. Salazar, professor of elec
tricity of the National University . of
Santiago,. Chile, who has been commis
sioned by his Government to visit the
prominent Institutions of learning in
this country, arrived in this city last
eveningandlsstaying at the Palace. The
professor has come. West mainly to visit
the California and Stanford univer
sities, with" a view of acquiring infor
mation regarding the methods of in
stiuctlon followed In their technological
departments. • He has already visited
many of the universities of the East
and Middle West and carefully studied
the organization of technical education
in those institutions and on his way
West he stopped over in Colorado to
inspect the big power plants and later
he visited the big power plant at Col
gate, In this State. In discussing his
trip last evening Dr. Salazer said his
visit to the West had so far been
fraught with interesting surprises and
he added: j
At Berkeley and Palo Alto I expect to find
much valuable information, for I have read
a great deal about those institutions and have
been wonderfully impressed with what I have
learned regarding the advantages they afford
the young student for gleaning practical
knowledge. In Chile the Government is doing
a great deal toward giving Us young men
technical educations, but one disadvantage the
latter experience Is the fact that the Instruc
tion is all concentrated In the University of
Santiago. Your universities are marvels. In
my report to my Government, which will be
made after I have visited the California and
Stanford universities, I will make one sugges
tion to my people which I think will be keenly
appreciated by them.
Instead of sending their sons to Europe and
Transportation committee— Dr. J. J. King
well (chairman). E. Nelson, P. Duffy. Print
ing committee — F. Anderson (chairman), John
Fanning, J. A. ISarr, G. Praetorius. - Prize
committee — John T. Gibson (chairman), A. E.
Drendel, C. F. Kohler, V. Matria. L,. Chester,
Georce Pierce. Janries Flynn, Ed Coleman.
Gbme committee — AV. Maxwell (chairman), T.
J. Kenny, G. F. Sand, W. F. Miller, J. P
Kelleher, W. Leverldge. D. O'Sullivan. Wil
liam Ring, Ed McGreevy, John McEMlggott
A. Olsen. John Atherton. i ¦ '
Honorary reception committee — Hon. E. H
Schmltz, Hon. John Hunt. Hon. George Ca
baniss, Hon. "William Lawlor. Hon. A. J.
Fritz. Hon. J. R. Daniels Hon. Thomas F.
Graham. Hon. Ed. I* Head. Hon. Charles T.
Conlan, Hon. W. H. Langdon, Hon R. B.
McClellan. Hon. Harry Baehr. Hon. Georg*
Alpers, Hon. G. W. "Wlttman. Hon. J. J. Van
Nostrand. Hon. Ed. Godchaux. Hon. E. J
Smith. Hon. J. S. Parry. Hon. Julius A. Kahn,
Hon. Fred N. Bent. Hon. Oscar Hocks, H. L
Mulcreevy, C. ( G. Nagle. Th. Lindsay, E. I*
Wagner, J. J Cheetham, Frank Dunn, Daniel
E. Angelum, G. Pohlmann. R. B. Rusch,
Charles Mitchell Thomas Dillon. J. Sullivan,
D. S. Creamer. H. Kuhls. G. Phillips.
Recpption committee — Frank Shannan (chair
man). Hon. T. B. W. Inland. Hon. F. H. Gould,
Hon. W. J T\'ynn, Hon. J. E. McDougaid.
Hon. ,"W. W. fihannon, Hon. H. L. Schmltz,
Hon. F. A. Maestrcttl. Hon. H. M. Wreden,
Hon Theodore Lunstedt. R. P. Troy. S. V.
Costcllo. J. J. Deane. J. C. Coffroth. J. J.
I>earey, P. J. Fltzlmmons. B. F. Hanlon. John
C. Meyers, William F. Douglas. H. H. Hinton,
A. 1^. Leam. Dr. T. Morris. L,. A. Devoto, J.
E Marks Dr. L. D. Baclgalupl, Al. Naeraan,
Dr F. A. McMahon. Dr. F. Fitzpibbon, Dr. H.
Laidlaw. E A. Riley. J. Fox. Caleb Coakley,
J. C. Wunder, F. Jones, J. Roach, J. Bowen,
J E Ferris R. Battersby. J. B. M. Horn
niell J W. Cramer. John J. Plagemann, John
L. Herget. Dr. J. F. Dillon.
Edward Murphy, John T. Gibson, Charles
J. -Stewart. E. E. Kelly, H. Hesaler, Charles
A. Westcott, A. Camous, E. Barron, J." Schroe
der. C. F. Schoettle, 11. H. Morse, G. Schnei
der, J. J. Smith, T. E. Bailey, J. H. Cream
er, Henry F. Pernau, John L. Wlchman, It.
Martin, D.' Lamson, T. McDonough, 11. Low
rie.
The jiicnic committee that brought
the outing to such a successful conclu
sion was composed of:
The second annual outing of Golden
Gate Aerie No. 61, Fraternal Order of
Eagles, was held yesterday at Shell
Mound Park. 'About 3000 friends of the
order . accompanied the members and
enjoyed the many pastimes tfiat were
provided for their entertainment. Ath
letic games were a feature of the pro
gramme and were participated in by a
large number of the merry-makers.
The Fraternal Order of Eagles, al
though but a little more than six years
old, now has a' membership of some
100,000, Golden Gate Aerie boasting of
1200 out of this number. The officers of
the aefie are: . \
Worthy president, IxmJs Chester; vice presi
dent, Edward Murphy; chaplain. John J.
Smith; conductor, William Maxwell; secre
tary, Alfred A. Van Hovenberg; nnanclal sec
retary. David Barren; treasurer, E. L. Wad
lia.ni; Inside guard, Thomas Hawkins; outride
guard, John Sherman; trustee* — Charles A.
Westeott. Joseph P. «Kelleher and Emll Nel
son; physician. Dr. T. B. W. Leland; organ
ist. Itobert H. Morse; district deputy grand
president, John L.. Hercet: Initiation team —
William Maxwell, E. E. Kelly, Emll Nelson,
Geontd Green, 'It. Llnahan, W. F. Miller,
r rank Dunn, W. Cardigan, Joseph Haggard,
George A. Bennett, E. McGreevey.
Every One Joins in the Dan
cing and a Great Number
Enter "Games and Races
Dr. Salazar Says ,the State
Oifers Best Advantages to
Students of Technology
Truly Sliattuck and Mar
ceFs Living Studies Prove
Popular at Old House
PLENTY OF GOOD SPORT
PEAISES OUR METHODS
OKPHEUM BILL DRAWS
Chilean Professor Speaks
Highly of the Opportuni
ties for Learning Here
Golden Gate Aerie and Its
Friends^Spend Happy Sun
day at '• Shell 'Mound Park
Gillette's Stirring Drama,
''Secret Service," Finely
Acted at thd California
GOULD IS GREAT
IN ROLE OF SPY
EAGLES HAVE
GREAT PICNIC
STUDYING OUR
UNIVERSITIES
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, . MONDAY, : JUNE 13, ;1904
12
TTTO W2EXS TO-NIGHT.
Ma i. nee Saturday Cnly. \
EM
MA>TAGKME>rr DANIEL KUOHMAK.
In the Miracle Play.
THE
PROUD PRINCE
Dy Justin Htm!;; i!r«'»rthy. author of
u zr i were xxaro."
Price* S2.00. S1.50. $1.00, 75c and 50c
Curtain rices eveninsri at S o'clock
rrecisely. Matinee at 3.
("arriagt? may be ordered for 10:*0.
Owing to the lira-
f\ E tfV I^ B a 1 'ted lirr.<" at his com-
lAl f "and. MR. SOTHKRN
S%-3 G t" * WII^I, NOT VISIT
K \i U I H n m OAKUKD DURING
iiyi I tm I HIS PRETEXT WKST-
KRN TOUR.
. 1 '
CALIFORNIA
& To-Night!
Williaia Gillette's Ma«terr>lece — Great- Bj
e»t War Drama Ever Written. K
Secret Service |
Presented by the Favorite*. O
Ttis Oliver Mqrcss) Company |
n&rrain Matinee Thursday. El
K Next Sunday— A PRINCE OF LIARS, fl
IDEAL VAUDEVILLE!
?gtmarti Weston asd Company; rddie
Heroa aad Company; RomanI Trio;
"KUce," Foster's Dor; Truly Shattuck;
Avon Comedy Four; Leah Sossell; Or-
pbcum Motion Pictures, and
Marcel's Living Art Studies
"^Tterular Matinee ¦ Every Wednesday. Thurn- ;
<jiv, Haturday and Sunday. Prices. loo. 20c
¦1 "
» A T C* A T A T> Belasco & Mayer,
General Manager. >
•TO NinHT matihxes
ONE WEEK ONLY.
$Th« runniest Farce Comedy Ever Written.
IQHARLEY'S RUNT
I H U — — — — —
.^Jf THE LAtTGEIKO M 1 KIT
A GREAT ALCAZAR CA8T.
3frr-. 25c to 75c. Mau. Thura. A. Sat., 25c to 80c
MONDAY— EXQUISITE PRODUCTION
LOTXZ8' X.A.JTE
The Fainoui Clyde Fitch Comedy.
JUNE 27— ¦V\^^TE WHITTLESEY.
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Mammoth Revival of
| THE OCTORdON J
.. 100— PEOPLE IN THE CAST— 100
I- •'-. Nesrro Cborus of Forty Voice*
Honge. QuarteU. Mluck and Wing Danclnjr
Xp&M Engagement of the Dirtinruished
Comrdian, L. R. STOCKWELL
i'PICFS KVKNINGS 10 to 50c
1 itiUa MATINEES 10c, ,^° £%
Next — "LIGHTS O' LONDON."
BRANDO W ANlTw'lLEY,
THE GREAT ALFONS
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
aad Evening 1 in the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
KirriATUBE ELECTRIC RAILROAD.
X^roeraida and Her BABY "MONKEY In the
Zoo. -
INSPECT CACAKET DE LA MORT.
jLSffA.Tr ue zrzaET textbsd ay.
ACmlttlon, 10c: Children, 6c '
426—432 Pine St. phone Prirate Exchange 1
230— 234 Sutter St. " " " .100
2829 California St. " . '. West 101
Cor. 13th and Clay St., Oiklaad, Phone Maial
Brand — refreshing summer
drink— Queen Bee-the best
Vanilla Extract-G b&Co 2 oz 20
Extra good— extra strength 4 " 35
regMy 25c— 45c bottle
Lemon Extract-G b & Co 2oz20
regMy 25c-40c bottle 4 oz 30
Mackerel— Monterey Bay 15
Soused — reg'ly 20c can
Vienna Blend Coffee 2ibs45
First time advertised— you'll buy It
again— reg'ly 30o lb— roast or ground
Bee Brand Ceylon Tea 50
Fresh shipment— reg'ly 60c lb
Royan Sardines 2 for 25
With truffle and pickle— reg'ly 15c can
Kippered Herring— Moirs 20
Fish delicacy— reg'ly 25c can
JellO— reg'ly 10c pkg 3 for 25
Quickly made— different flavors
New Season's Japan and
Ceylon Tea arrived — fra-
grant and delicious
Green Castile Soap sforso
Rich oily lather— reg'ly 20c bar
Lunch TongUe-reg'Iy 35c can 30
For picnic— camp— luncheon
Pin Money- Sweet pickles i pt 20
Except mangoes-reg'ly25-40c pt 321
Holland CoCOa— Van Houten
reg'ly is— 25c *s-50c ls-95
special " 20 •' 40 " 75
Water WaferS-reg'ly 30c can 25
Graham " regMy 20c carton 15
Talcum Powder-Colgate 15
We ship fresh nutritious
groceries to your camp or
country home — at City
Prices — take your supplies
with you from here
Hammocks discount 20%
AH" styles—best made
Shawl Straps 20 45 65
reg'ly 25c— 60c— 85c— good ones
SoupS— Van Camp's 3 for 25
AH kinds-reg'ly 10c— $1.15 doz
LoCOUm FigS— reg'ly $1.35 95
Box 5 pounds — imported
Hawaiian Beauty Coffee
A blend of very "\ 1 Ib carton 30
old Kona coffees
Whisky-Bun Dog $i
9 years old-full quart— reg'ly $1.25
Rye or bourbon
Cocktails-Imperial 90
6 kinds— ready to use— reg'ly $1.25
Tar Soap— Packer's 15
Whisky— Cedar Brook 1.15
McBrayer— reliable for any 4.50
••.; medicinal purpose — .-.;.-"
• reg'ly $1.50 bottle— $6 gallon
Sherry-Cooking-Cai. 35
reg'ly 50c quart— $1.50 gal 1.15
Soda— Schweppe 1.35
Full of snap — reg'ly $1.50 doz
Burgundy— Mountain vineyard 65
Dilute one-third— reg'ly $l'gallon
Lime Juice— Tehiti P t20
¦ reg'lv 25c— 45c bot— delicious at 35
summer drink— dilute with
: mineral water. .:
Visit our House furnishing
department" at Sutter Street
annexr-T- latest cu 1 i nary
articles —lowest prices.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Iced Ceylon Tea — Bee
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
St CO.
AS 7 EBSISEUJ3NTS.
ADVEBTISEaLENTS.
We Will Have on Special Sale
h ....This Week.,..
The following lines of gools, which* will he founl het-
ter values than anuihlng we haye offered this seisoSi
4 cases Wash Oxford Suitings In White Grounds
with hlue, pink anl gpaen stripes," also navo, green
and linen color grounds with white stripes.
Price i^^c uard.
V rormerly Sold for 30o yard.
50 pieces Jmportedv Dotted Swiss for Dresses.
- These are white grounds with hlack dots and hlack
grounds with white dots and will he sold at 35c
and 4Oc per uard, which is a&out one-half reg-
ular Yalue. *
4500 Bards Camhrlc and Nainsook EmDrolderel
"Edgings, full 5 Inches wide, in 75 different patterns.
15c uard.
Good Value for 25c yard.
3000 uards Camhrlc and Nainsook Embroidered
Edgings, full 7 Inches wide. 50 different patterns.
,- * 25c uard.
*^ . I Good Value for 40c yard.
150 hlack Silk Taffeta Petticoats; extra heayu
aualltu and made with accordeon pleated flounce.
S-4.5Oe3ch.
¦¦'¦' Besmlar Price. SS.50.
2 cases Colored Taffeta Silk Petticoats, hoth
plain and changeable colorings. These are in a full
varletu of latest colorings and made with accordeon
pleated flounce and one row of ruchlng.
* Pries $6,oo each.
¦** Formerly Sold for $3.50.
25 dozen Ladles' Fine Muslin and Camhrlc
Gowns, trimmed with fine emhrolderu and hem-
stitched. $1.00 each.
Bearular Price $1.25.
NOTE— Our entire stock of Remnants and Short
Lengths of Colored and Black Dress Fabrics marked
at about one-half regular prices.
...SEE WINDOW DISPLAY...
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STKEET.
AD VEBTISEMENTS. ; -
co» fi f V v O'E— T LIH.s I ••• i
Two Dollars and Seventy Cents
Our $3^g, $4^g, $5^ Shoes [
; For Two Weeks— Why? I
\ This is why: We must finish up the |^S#^^
Nolan stock. Cost doesn't count. N^PlpiSik *
\ We ir.ust have room, and we must '
I^get cash. ? ' . s !
!
CO 11 I
MaW Orders rilled Promptly. PHELAIS BUILDING" j
ft ¦ Ja
Developing &\ --..= >>
Printing Ifllp
AT CUT ». .
k>Rices x Jll'
My work is first- JsM^y".
class all the time. jr?^fs%'*
My prices are low- fy£y*^
er than those of hW
anybody else In the y>V
business. Below
are a few figures. j*T\
Send in your or- ' 1MmJ
ders early. XJ/
DEVXxopxzroi
Roll of 6 10c
Roll of 12 15c
SAYLZOET I.O AUI3TO 7XLMS
at my usual low prices.
Cameras repaired at moderate
rates.
THAT m¥ PITTS,
"F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1003 Market St., Above Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO.
ft _. «
wLa?^^ for \JLt aTm-t^^3»^ H
No more wakeful nights if you
give your baby Mellin's Food.
Mellin's Food babies sleep
well. *
Fo^^r^r'n^^'^^^'*
MELLINS FOOD CO., BOSTON. MASS.
VjQ Perfect Fitting \j\\
\<y Eyeglasses -cM
Ij At Moderate Cost (\
V 642 41ARKE.T5T
17V/. T.HESS,
Kotary Puhlic and Attcrney-at.^aw.
Tenth Floor. Room lul.'i. Cutfta S^reckeU \tltlg.
Telephone Main 95t;.
Residence. 1S«JS McAllister st
Residence Telephone Pas* WML
, 1
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BlTTERa. THE
Great Mexican Remedy ; gives health ana
i attcBgth. to aezual organa. Depot, 823 ilirk«u
AMUSEMENTS.
Reg. Mat. Saturday. Special Mat. Wednesday.
Commencing to-night at 8 sharp.
DAVID fiELASCO
Presents MBS.
Leslie GARTER
In Hit New Play,
DU BARRY
PRICES. . .$2.00, SI. 50. SI. 00. 75c and SOo
hot weather:
STRIKES'.
jAPAN-nusso war:
- DEPARTURE OF ABE RUEF!
Nothing Affects Our Business!
Still Crowding the House to See
XJ. S.
The Funny Burlesque with Fifty Specialties
ar.d Novelties.
And These Are "the People": EDNA AUG.
GARRITY SISTERS. YORKE AND ADAMS.
AL FIELDS. EDWIN CLARK BEN DILLON,
ROY ALTON.
A Marvelous Chorus of Forty.
And Lionel Lawrences "EIGHT RADIUM
GIRLS."
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SAME POPULAR PRICES.
TIV0LI£5&
SUNDAY TJ U
|gpf « H
JUN~ 19th \J Q
OPENING OF THE R
TIVOLI'S NEW Wj
SEASON ""; f\
With the Greatest T \J
American Comic Opera I
Masterpiece, and a eu-
pejb cast c( TiT T%
NEW ARTISTS. \\ II
SEATS NOW SELLING X ' -*^
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 25c, 50c, 7Lc.
MISCELLANEOUS.
iy!] POCO a KOROMA gi
I CAMERAS I
Ij POCO B— 5x7. listed $42. now.«t2<MM> H i
H POCO B — 4x5. listed fXi. now.K22.OU L
{§ POCKET POCO — 3»ix4y,. U
H Urted |9, row $0.00 H
H Corona No. 3 — 4x5, listed fi
PI $21. now $14.00 R
fj Corona No. 2—5x7, listed R
|5 $25. now $10.tt5 H
tj Mall orders promptly filled. H
ft* SUNSET BAZAAR. g
H 42 Third St.. San Francisco. jrj
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children, j. v
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /TJy s/ i?sr . st_ m
Signature of (>*uzJ~J}£ /&&&/%
|asthmanoiJa[" \\
Za the only cure for Herroui and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at &D!» HAIGHT ST..
San Francisco. Cal.
HOTELS AND itEsoRTS.
(New)HOTELBUTLlER
SEATTLE
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense of
1200.000— Ne» Management— ENTIRELTFIRK-
PROOF.
•LOCATION— Very aoeenIbU to street < car
Jlses. theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Beveral prlvatl rooms In antique decoration*.
Turkish Baths In Hotel. . • *"on».
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. De Btel-
*er. Chef, formerly of Waldorf- Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales. - • a
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Conneo-
tlcns In every room; lone distance connection*
made with any part of the. Coast. .
Wire for reservations, at our expense.
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. Wash.
Palace D0N T FA i L To
luiuww see the beauti{ul
' J COURT Lounging
Hflfl room, the EMPIRE
"" ; parlor, the
fllrt-Ij- ' .PALM ROOM, the
urand louis xv par.
LOR, and the LA-
H/.4a1f DIES' WRITING
iioteis room.