r TKE TKEATSBS.
Alcazar — "Under Two riasrs."
.Califorata^-Xhe^Cavamr." \
-,Ceatr*l — "The Peddler."
cintoa-'-Vauilsvine.
Columbia — "The Little Minister."
Fischer's— "V. S."
Grand — "A Captain oJ aararr*. 11
Orpheum— -Vaudeville.
TItoU — "S«rreant Kitty."
Matinees at All Theaters To-Day.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JUNE; 11, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Continued : on - Page 3, : Column 3.
along the pass, not allowing the Jap
anese to establish themselves. At -this
moment* a -Japanese mountain battery
arrived and 'took a .position to the
south; 'but. after firing a few rounds,
was silenced by our battery. -A second
Japanese, b'attery. did not succeed ; In
getting Into action, but was compelled
tcTevacuate its new position under, the
flre of our guns.;
"In the course. of, the fight a flanking
movement by several battalions of Jap
anese Infantry was observed northeast
of Siuyen, threatening our , line of re
treat. Consequently, • our Cossacks
gradually withdrew, five, miles from
SIMONS SAID TO HAVE
MET DEATH OX PLANTATION*
HAVANA, June 10.— An American
named Simons is reported to have been
assassinated by Cubans on a plantation
near Puerto Principe. The authorities
are Investigating.
Continued on Pace 4, Column t, j
"The Japanese bombardment on June
8 of the coast between Senyuchin and
Kaiping caused no loss of life or ma
terial damage, although a considerable
number of 6hells were fired. One man
doing hospital duty was .slightly
wounded and two wagons were dam
aged. All is quiet on .the. coast this
morning, but several Japanese ships
are cruising. in -the oiling..' -
"June 7/the Japanese, slowly contin
ued'their march toward Siuyen by the
ST. PETERSBURG, ' June 10.— The
Emperor has received from General
Kuropatkin the following' 'telegram,
dated June 9:
Takushan and the Fengwangcheng
roads. Their, advance guard did N not
approach. nearer than five' miles south
and' east. of Siuyen. On the morning of
June 8 a' Japanese infantry- brigade,
two mountain batteries andflve squad
rons of cavalry -marched against Siu
yen. About 11 o'clock the Japanese ap
peared before ; the ..town on^ the. bouI'i
aide, but were checked :,by a. . very suc
cessful nr« 'from our -batteries.
r- "Japanene infantry then began ad
vancing against th$'.! town- from " the
cant ; by theiFenawangchcnsr -road and
cams Jn contact .'rwlth' the Cossacks
holding . tha . paaa. „ . ' After , ¦;. two „ hours
of .fighting- thb! Cossacks ; were .obliged
ta_ retlr^ and ; our_artlJlery^opened * fire
NAGASAKI, June 11, 10 a. m.— Naval experts believe that the Russians are
working hard to clear the entrance to.Port Arthur with the intention of making
the escape of their fleet effective. The Russian fleet at Port Arthur is estimated to
consist of eighteen vessels, large and'small, besides seventeen destroyers.
Minto served as Chief of Police of
Portland for one term and proved a
very efficient executive. He has long
been in public office, of later years be
ing in the customs service.* ,. [
were used against Hunt with the de
partment and the applicant ; was ) re
fused consideration. . . .
NEW YORK, June ID.— Frantic with
fear at a fire in a six-story tenement
house on Stanton street, Mrs. Benja
min Apfel threw her only child, a baby
of 4 months, from a window of her
apartments to death on the pavement
three stories below. Mrs. Apfel N was
prevented from leaping to the street
after her child by firemen, who had
climbed to the third story on scaling
ladders and whose arrival an instant
earlier would have saved the child
from death. More than a score of per
sons who occupied apartments on the
three 'upper floors of the building and
who had been unable to escape thfough
the flame-swept halls were taken 3 In
safety from the flre escapes by means
of scaling-ladders. The financial loss
by the fire, which started from the ex
plosion of an oil stove, was trivial.
BABE IS DROPPED TO DEATH
BY" FRIGHTENED MOTHER
LONDON. June 10. — The Daily Mail's Chefu correspondent says: The Japanese
Consul has discovered that a wireless telegraph apparatus is attached in the night
time to the Russian consular flagstaff at Chefu and that the consulate is in commun
ication with Port Arthur. * 
CONSTANTINOPLE, June 10— The Ottoman Government declares the report pub
lished in, a dispatch from St. Petersburg yesterday that the Porte had consented to
the passage of theDardanelles by tlie Russian Black Sea fleet is unfounded.
SEOUL. Korea, June 10, 8 p. m.— A body of troops front Kopsan have oc
cupied a small city near Changjiu. .There are conflicting reports regarding the ac
tion of the Korean garrison. The natives claim that the garrison bravely defended
the place, hut the Japanese report that "the -garrison made a precipitateflight. •'•
*~~- TOKIO, June 10.— Saimatsze was occupied by Japanese troops on Tuesday after a
series of skirmishes, in the course of which the Russians were cleverly rounded up*
and defeated. On Monday and Tuesday there was also much fighting south, of Liii
shanswan. the Japanese clearing the Russians out of that district. The first army in
co-operation* with the forces landed at Takushan. and \ occupied Siuyen on Wednesdays
the Russians retreating in confusion in the' direction of Chaimucheng and Kaiping.
NEW TORK, June 10.— Seeing the
world at a cost of -only 1200, including
a trip from San Francisco, and occu
pying a year and a half in the Journey,
is the accomplishment of two young
American women who arrived to-day
on the Cedric of the "White Star line.
They are the Misses Kate and L. Nlnde.
. The Misses Ninde left San Francisco
Just eighteen months ago for Japan.
They next visited Siam, .India and
Egypt successively. They finally
reached Europe, traveling practically
all over the latter continent. The young
women started from' home well sup
plied with^funds, but had determined
to work their way as much as possi
ble, and to that end sold a book on
their route. When they arrived in New
York their original capital had been
diminished only by $200.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Assistant Postmaster C. A. Burck
hardt is alleged to have been largely
instrumental in the disclosure of these-
Irregularities. Burckhardt was an ac
tive candidate for his superior's place,
but the change in Postmasters will
probably result in his removal entirely
from the postal business.
Senator Mitchell at first recommend
ed ex-State Senator James. E. Hunt, a
well-known and successful,, business
man. but certain slanderous rumors
PORTLAND. Or.. June 10.— President
Roosevelt to-day appointed John W.
Minto to be Postmaster at Portland,
vice F. A. Bancroft, resigned. <Th4
change Is effective July 1.
Bancroft's resignation was tendered
last Monday on a demand of the de
partment, transmitted by Senator
Mitchell. Bancroft's trouble began
when Inspectors Riches and Butler
made their resort last December on
tags deposited by the Postmaster in
lieu of cash belonging to the postal
funds. A second investigation made a
short time ago resulted in finding Ban
croft had overdrawn his salary several
times and that inefficiency was shown
in a general demoralization of the of
fice. ~.. ¦»
Special Dlipatcb to The Call
ST. PETEESBURG, June 10.— The Japanese have taken Sinyen, driving out the
Russians. The enemy appears to b£ advancing on Haicheng.
Postmaster Bancroft
Is Forced to
ncoigu.
See All Points of
World at Cost
of $200.
General Kuropatkin Gives Details of Bombardment of
Coast Between Senyuchin and Kaiping. by the
Japanese Forces.
RUSSIAN* SAILORS AND SOLDIERS SEARCHING THE SHORE FOR BODIE8 OF THE CREW OF THE BATTLESHIP PE
TROPAVLOVSK WHICH WAS SUNK BT A'MINE WHILE MAKING FOR THE HARBOR AT PORT ARTHUR. CARRT
ING NEARLY SEVEN HUNDRED MEN DOWN WITH HER. • . ,.- . - .
TWO WOMEN
COMPLETE A
NOVEL TRIP
PORTLAND
OFFICIAL
OUSTED
The work abounds in such old names
as the L#es. Carrolls, Adamses, Frank
lins, Jays and Livingstons, while that
of Colonel Washington is especially
prominent. All kinds of evidence has
been submitted to the genealogical so
ciety by applicants for distinction.
Some send photographs of inscriptions
and armorial designs engraved on
tombstones centuries old. county court
records and old official documents,
pieces of old silver plate with names
and armorial designs engraved thereon
and panefc of old carriage doors. Let
it be remembered, however, that there
is still extant and in full force in Eng
land a statute prescribing both fine
and Imprisonment for the use of a coat
of arms by those not entitled, and as
many of the old English laws are still
operative in the States of the Union, it
would be wise for ambitious appli
cants not to attempt to ring in any
spurious relics.
The California list Is conspicuously
lacking in such prominent names as
Stanford. Huntington. Crocker. Mills.
Fair. Oelrlchs and Mackay. This does
not mean necessarily that these proud
family names are :.ot entitled to reg
istry. They may have neglected to
establish their rights. Thus, for in
stance, the ultra democratic Colonel
John P. Irish might have no difficulty
CALIFORNHNS ON THE LIST.
For the most part the names found in
the American Peerage Book are of
those descended from the proud
Knickerbocker families of New Tork.
Puritans of New England, Quakers of
Pennsylvania. Huguenot exiles of noble
blood and cavaliers of the South. Fore
most among the Knickerbocker fami
lies stands the name of Roosevelt, in
cluding Theodore, descendant of Claes
Martensen Van Roosevelt, who came
from Holland and settled in New Tork
in 1651. The coat of arms of the Roose
velt family is thus stated in technical
heraldic terms: "Argent, on a mount
vert, a rosebush with, three roses, P.
P. R." Translated into plain English
this means a coat of arms, the design
a green hill on a silver background, a
rosebush showing three roses, etc.
Family names have been Inserted
only when actual history has clearly
shown the family to be entitled to tha
distinction and in no case has any
compensation, direct or indirect, been
accepted for the publication. In other
words, one's right to a coat of arms
must be genuine — blown in the bottle.
Mere wealth counts for nothing, for
such families as the Vanderbllts, the
Astors, the Whitneys. tne Stuyvesant
Fishes and the Belnonts are consplc
ously absent from the American list.
The Astors and Vanderbilts could trace
their- orisin back to the days of "Little
Old New York" or New Amsterdam,
when their forefathers were engaged
in the honorable occupation of trading
coonskins in the Northwest Territory,
but here the trail stopped and they
could not show they were descended
from a line of Kings like J.Pierpont
Morgan, who boasts of descent from
Gwyrmed Cymrie. who was King of
all Wales.
NEW YORK, June 10.— A representa
tive of The Call has been permitted to
examine the advance sheets of the
forthcoming "Peerage Book," about
which the social set of New Tork has
been agog for several weeks. The lines
drawn by the Genealogical Association
of New Tork, under whose direction
the volume has been prepared by Wil
liam Armstrong Crosier, will prove a
shock to the Four Hundred, for many
of them will look In vain through Its
pages for their names. This registry
of American families entitled to a coat
of arms is the first of its kind to ba
published in the United States. Brit
ishers'have for a long time turned up
their aristocratic noses at America. A
fine country but "too new" they have
declared. We have lacked ancient tra
ditions, hoary rains, and. worst of all.
a "peerage book" that has enabled
Britishers and the cations of Conti
nental Europe to trace their ancestry
for centuries and prove that purple
blood runs in their veins. We have had
out "social registers" published by en
terprising who charged
fees for designing coats of arm-;, crests
and mottoes for the worthy and ambi
tious people, but a genuine peerage
book, such" as Burke's Peerage, pub
lished in England, has for many years
been a long: felt want In families of
America who have great social preten
sions.
WEALTH COUNTS FOR NOTHING.
Special DUpateh to T&* Call.
WILL REMAIN AT HIS POST.
Enibas^Hdor MrCoraiick Expresses No
Intention of Resigning.
WASHINGTON, June 10. — No inti
mation has been received at the State
Department that Ambassador. McCor
mJck has any intention of resigning
l>is high office on account of the al
leged anti-American feeling in . St.
Petersburg. On the contrary, nearly
all the reports the Minister- has made
to tU& department indicate that he has
been treated with the greatest cour
tesy and consideration by, the Russian
officials and socially he U extremely
popular. .
Continued on Fajje ", Column 1.
Both men worked diligently and suc
ceeded in extinguishing the blaze. The
matter was reported and an investiga
tion resulted. Several men 'who might
be implicated were closely vrktehed a3
they sauntered in the yard before lock
up. It was evident that the men were
Subsequently. In a careful investiga
tion by a Call representative, many
details of the affair were found out.
There were three attempts made to
burn the mill. - v The first one was be
tween 2:20 and 3 o'clock on Saturday
afternoon. May 21. As is the custom,
the men In the mill quit work at 2:30
• •n Saturdays. At 4:43 o'clock they
axe locked wp. There arc over 600
convicts employed In the' mil!. On
the day In question all hands had left
the mill. Including the gunrds.
Two cf the guards returned and went
to the back of the mi!L In the pre
paratory department, where the raw-
Jute in first put into the machine?,
they E.nv a blaze, and on investigation
th« y found that a quantity cf fiber had
Leen neatly piied in one corner. In the
middle nf this pile there was a light
ed candle. It had burned down to the
••kindling," and the pile of fiber was
igniting rapidly.
STRAITJACKFT APPLIED.
• Those who know all the facts will not
talk. In regard to the fire they simply
fay that at various times little blazes
are discovered in the mill, but they are
of no consequence. Tet with all the
assertions to the contrary from semi
official circles the fact leaked out a few
days ago that such an, attempt had
been made. \ '
1 OFFICIALS ARE RETICENT.
This much of the plot Is known. It
has been obtained from some of the
convicts suspected cf complicity in the
plot, yet the full details cannot be
ascertained. The officials themselves
are unable to ferret them out. The
convicts are extremely secretive upon
the subject when questioned by the of-
JVers of the prison. The matter has
been kept very' quirt by the attaches
of the prison. In fact, very few of the
guards know of the attempted escape
at all. The higher officials are particu
larly non-committal. Some deny that
an attempt at a Jail break was thought
cf. Others say they heard something
about it. but know none of the facts.
The tlan evidently was to Eet the
mill on fire, then while the prison of
ficials were excited and the guards
busily at work attempting to stay the
progress cf the flames the convicts were
to make a break for liberty. The cap
tain's off.ee was to be the objective
point of attack. While more apparatus
was being brought inside the walls the
pates would have to be opened. At
that time it was the plan of the con
victs to overpower the guards and, to
gether with Captain Harrison, Turnkey
Swan and a number of guards as a
shield, from the rifle fire, force their
way to liberty.
It was a most desperate chance to
take and probably many prisoners
would have been killed, yet the ring
leaders of the plot had so minutely out
lined their mode of procedure that ul
timate success to them seemed worth
the chance.
PLAN OF THE CONVICTS.
That the formation of the plot was
v.ell generated is evident from the fact
that not until every convict was out
of the Jute mill was the fire discovered.
It was set in the rear in what is known
as the preparatory department. Two
guards who had left the mill suddenly
returned and were the ones to discover
the f.re. In ten minutes more the en
tire building would have been in flames.
The fire apparatus Is utterly inade
quate to fight a conflagration, and the
entire structure, with its 5400/000 worth
of machinery and thousands of dollars'
worth cf grain bags and raw Jute,
would have been consumed in a short
time. Afthe time the nte was discov
ered all of the 800 convicts employed
in the manufacture of grain bags were
cut cf the mill. There were about 600
In the upper prison yard, while the
balance were in the lower yard.
SAN QUENTIN. June 10.— A whole
eaJe Jail delivery and the destruction
of more than $400,000 -worth of the
State's property has been attempted at
Fan Quentin prison. There have been
ihr« separate attempts made within
about as many weeks to burn down
The Jute mill. The first attempt was
on Saturday afternoon. May 21, and by
the merest accident were the plans
frustrated.
6pecl*i I>lepa.tchto The Call.
Officials Are Reticent, bat It Is Known
That Three Incendiary. Attempts
Have Been Made,
Names of Several Well Known Cali
fomians Will Appear in the Reg
istry When It Is Published.
Desperate Inmates Plan to
Escape While Peniten
tiary Burns.
Unable to Show That Purple
Blood Courses in Their
Veins.
Many ol llie Leaders
Not in New Peer
age Book.
San Quentin Prison
Barely Escapes
a Fire.
LONDON, June n. — The -Daily -Mail asserts: "Two infernal machines were-foimd on the night of June 1 7 concealed in tobacco boxes in the Tsarkoe-
Selo Palace, where the Czar is now living. One of the machines was in the dining-room, the : other in the audience chamber. The mechanism in each was work
ing when discovered. The strictest secrecy is observed, and this statement, although true ; in every detail,. is sure to be categorically denied."
BOLD PLOT
OF CONVICTS
FRUSTRATED
SOCIAL SET
RECEIVES
BIG SHOCK
DARING ATTEMPT TO BLOW UP THE CZAR;
TROOPS OF THE MIKADO TAKE SIUYEN
VOLUME XCVI— XO. 11.
THE WS&TE2X.
Forecast ciad* at Sas rr&i
cisco for thirty hours ending
nfgni-rht, June 11:.
Saa Fr&acicco and vicinity —
Fair, warmer ¦ Saturday; licit
northeast winds.
A. a. McADIZ.
District Forecaster
The San Francisco CallEXTORTION CHARGE AGAINST
MRS. ELIAS IS DISMISSED
Morgan in Poor Health.
LO>;dON (> June, 10.^-J._ Plerpont
Morgan Is not in good health. After
takjng cure at Aix Les Banes he went
to Italy for change and was laid .up
for several days at Milan. He Is now
better, but still not quite himself. He
is expected in London soon for a short
stay prlor-to sailing for home.
ST. LOUIS. June 10.— In response to
a protest from the California and Il
linois Commissioners, the proprietors
of "Morocco," an amusement enteiv
prise at the World's Fair, have - been
ordered to make their buildings more
artistic or remove them. The Commis
sioners objected to an unsightly build
ing adjacent to the State buildings.
Cossacks Retire North of Hamheung.
SEOUL. Korea, June 10. 4:30 p. m.—
The Russian demonstration in North
eastern Korea, in the province of
Hamgyung, seems nearly ended. It is
believed that Gensan with a reinforced
garrjson is in no further danger. All
Cossacks have retired north of Ham
heung. A body is still at Sungjin. Sev
eral forces are roaming somewhere
west o£_there. It is thought that the
Russians are probably making a grad
ual retreat to Vladivostok, gathering
provisions en route.
Kuropatkin Exnects Reinfoivcments.
RUSSIAN HEADQUARTERS, LIAO
YANG; .Thursday, June 9, 3:S0 p. m. —
General, Kuropatkin' Is expecting rein
foreements which, as "soon as' they ar
rive, will advance from Liaoyang, and
important developments are expected.
Heard Tibbett's Dying Statement.
BAKERSFIELD, June' 10.— A sen
sation was sprung in the, Hulse case
to-day by the testimony of D. E.
Brewer, a local plumber, who for the
first time Btated that he was in Baer's
drug store when the wounded officers
were brought In after the battle at the
josshouse and heard Tibbetts' dying
statement, "Hulse shot' me," testified
to by a number of othe,r witnesses.
The attorneys for the defense made, a
strong effort to break down his testi
mony, but in vain. The prosecution
rested to-day.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 10.— The
general staff's advices are that noth
ing of exceptional gravity has taken
place at Port Arthur during the last
few days, but that decisive event3 are
expected daily.
Decisive Events Are Expected.
TOPEKA, Kans., June 10.— Word
has reached this city to-day of the
death of C. P. Dewey of' Manhattan
in Wheeling, W. Va. Dewey was rated
as a two-time millionaire. He has ex
tensive iron mine interests in West
Virginia, rental incomes in Chicago, a
100,000-acre ranch in Rawlins County
and over 11,000 acres in Riley and
Geary counties in this State. Dewey
came to Kansas twenty years ago from
Chicago. He leaves a wife and a son,
Chauncey Dewey.
C. P. Dewey, Millionaire, Answers
Death's Call in West Virginia. •
MINE OWXER/D1ES.
SAN JOSE, June 10.— Hugh C. Ag
new, one of the most prominent fruit
and seed growers of the county and
son of Abram Agnew, for whom the
village of Agnew was named, is in a
dying condition from a virulent attack
of glanders,- contracted from a favor
ite buggy horse. The horse was sup
posed to be suffering from distemper.
Agnew has only been ill flve or six
days and the true nature of the dis
ease was not definitely fixed until yes
terday. This is the sixth fatal case
from this disease in this county in fif
teen years. Mr. Agnew is-50 years of
age and a native of Iowa.
Hugh C. Agnew of Santa Clara County
Contracts Disease From.
Horse.
PROMINENT ORCHARDIST
IS DYING OF GLANDERS
M. Jadovski's wound, although It at
first appeared to be severe, is not dan
gerous.
BERNE, Switzerland. June 10.— The
Russian Minister here, M. V. V. Jadov
ski, was shot in* the head here this aft
ernoon and slightly Injured. His would
be assassin, a Russian named Lonitski,
i3 under arrest. He had been in Berne
for some weeks and complained that
the Russian authorities had confiscated
an estate belonging to him.
Czar's Representative Slightly Wound
ed In Head by Bullet From
Countryman's Pistol.
MINISTER JADOVSKI SHOT
BY RUSSIAN AT BERNE
TOKIO, June' 11, noon. — Admiral |
Kataoka reports that on Wednesday i
and Thursday last he discovered and j
destroyed sixteen mines in Ta'lienwan i
Bay. A landing made at Takugao j
showed that the pier was undamaged
and that two large reservoirs were in
tact.
Kataoka Destroys Many Mines.
The body of the dead bandit, it is
said, bears all the marks of a pub
lished description of George W.
Hendricks, alias James Keith. A. S.
Keith. George W. Kaiser and George
Hess, who is wanted for the robbery
of the Wells-Fargo express office at
Spark Hill. N. Y.. on April' 12. 1904.
NEWCASTLE. Colo., June 10. — The
two survivors of the band of train
robbers who dynamited an express car
on the Denver and Rio Grande Rail
road near Parachute Tuesday night
escaped during the night from a ridge
in Garfield Creek Canyon, where they
had been surrounded by pursuers.
They cannot have gone far, and it is
believed they will soon be located.
Bloodhounds are being used to trail
the fugitives, who are supposed to be
John Emmerling and Charles Scrubbs,
railroad section men, who quit their
jobs last week.
The third member of the band, who
•was killed yesterday, was identified
as J. H. Ross, also a section man who
quit work on the road at the same time
as the other two. Ross shot himself in
the head after he had been wounded by
tho posse chasing him.
Government Official In Jail.
HONOLULU, June 10— Charles Wil
liams, Land Agent at Honokaa. has
been arrested on a charge of embezzle
ment.
Charles Patterspn Denies Having Any
Knowledge of. Smith's Whereabouts.
WASHINGTON, June, 10.— Nan Pat
terson's brother, Charles Patterson,
was asked to-night, if he knew where
J. Morgan Smith, his .brother-in-law,
subpenaed as a witness In the "Caesar"
Young investigation in New York, was.'
"No, I don't," he | answered. ,"He Is
not here and we have not heard from
him, nor do we know except from
newspapers that he has left his apart
ment at the St. Paul, .where he lived
with my sister. Why he should run
away after being subpenaed I cannot
understand, for he lays .himself open
to $250 fine by doing. so. Many people
have been here to-day . asking about
him, including: police. -I do not think
he would come here anyway, for he
knows that my mother is ill on account
of this occurrence and that we are
having enough trouble with reporterfe.
I don't know what he knows that would
be valuable.
"We are poorly informed as to the
progress of the case. Some of -our mall
was Intercepted and the contents of
telegrams sent to us by my sister's at
torneys became known to others before
they reached us. Now we are- obliged
to resort to cipher, and it is difficult to
make a message out sometimes. I can't
understand how anybody can intercept
our mail and telegrams, but it has been
done."
WOMAN'S BROTHER TALKS.
PARIS, June 10.— Miss Lena Morton,
daughter of Levl P. Morton of New
York, died this morning from the' ef
fects of blood poisoning, following an
operation for appendicitis. Miss Mor
ton's family was. at the bedside when
she died. The operation in itself did
not arouse serious apprehension, but the
appearance" yesterday of blood poison
ing gave the case a grave turn. Miss
Morton rallied slightly during the aft
ernoon, but later her case became hope
less, and she sankvgradually until her
death occurred early this morning.
The deceased was 27 years of age and
was the elder of two unmarried daugh
ters of former Vice President Morton.
Friends of the family fear the blow
will seriously affect Mrs. Morton, who
has recently been slightly indisposed.
NEW YORK, June 10. — The Czar
of Russia has sent to the New York
Stock Exchange a magnificent sol'd
silver gift as a token of his apprecia
tion of the courtesy of the. exchange
in listing Russian bonds a year or two
ago. The exact form of the Czars
gift has not yet been disclosed, al
though some idea of its size and value
is afforded by the fact that three- large
cases are required to hold it. It is
said to be of beautiful workmanship.
Czar Sends Gift to Brokers in Recog
nition of Their Efforts in
Listing Bonds.
RUSSIA APPRECLVTES
COURTESY OF EXCIIAXGE
"General Kuroki reports that a de
tachment of our troops occupied Saim
chih on June^ 7. Our casualties were
three killed and twenty-four men
wounded. The enemy left on the bat- j
tlefleld twenty-three killed, besides two '
officers and five men who were made j
prisoners. General Kuroki's army, co
operating with the forces that landed
at Takushan.^ occupied Siuruen on j
June 8, driving the enemy toward
Tomucheng and Kaiping. The enemy
consisted of 4000 cavalry and six guns.
Our casualties were three men! killed,
one lieutenant, one sub-lieutenant and
twenty^eight men' slightly wounded." I
WASHINGTON, June 10. — The fol
lowing cablegram has been 'received
at the Japanese legation from Tokio,
dated June 10: . ...
KUROKI REPORTS A VICTORY.
Dogs Given Trail of Two
3ien Suspected of Bobbing
Express Car in Colorado
BALTIMORE, June 10. — Joe Wal
cott, the welter-weight champion of
the world, was knocked out to-night
by Young Peter Jackson in /he fourth
r'ound of what was scheduled to be a
ten-round contest -, before the Eureka
Athletic Club. The blow that did the
business was a. terrific . right-hand
smash in the pit of the stomach. Wal
cott claimed he was hit below the belt,
but his. claim of foul was not allowed
by the referee.
Walcott did not take kindly to pun
ishment and wanted to quit in the
middle of the third round and also
at the beginning of the fourth, but was
persuaded to keep on. After two min
utes of fighting in the fourth round
Jackson sent in the knock-out blow.
The Weltcr-Weight Champion Lasts
but Four Rounds Before His
Hard Hitting Opponent.
JOE WALCOTT KNOCKED OUT
BY YOUXG PETER JACKSOX
DEATH ENDS
THE ILLNESS OF
MISS MORTON
Woman Slayer Held Without Bonds.
SANTA BARBARA, June 10. — Wal
ter Warner, who shot and killed Car
rie Williams here this morning, was
held for examination in the Justice
Court this afternoon, without bonds.
Warner admits having shot the
woman, but declares that the shooting
was accidental. His preliminary ex
amination is set for next Tuesday.
The passenger list of the transport
Sherman contains the name of Edith
Smith, but no such person Is known to
the military officials. Major Parker W.
West said last night that it is possible
she was a schoolteacher returning from
the Philippines. The police say they
have received no communication from
the woman's relatives in New York.
OTTAWA, Ont., June 10.— Lord Dun
donald. commanding officer of the Can
adian militia and a veteran of the
South African war, must resign his
position or his appointment will be can
celed by the Canadian Government.
The cause of the rupture was a speech
delivered recently at Montreal by Lord
Dundonald in which he said that the
appointment of officers in the militia
was by political preferment.
Gets Into Trouble by 3Iaklns a
Speech at Montreal.
Commander of the Canadian Militia
LORD DUXDONALD MUST
resign ms posrnox
Foreign Residents Ask Permission to
Depart on Norwegian Steamer.
CHEFU, June 11, noon. — Letters
received here from foreigners in busi
ness at Port Arthur state that appli
cation has been made to the Russian
authorities to allow the Norwegian
steamer Sentis to - take foreign non
combatants away from Port Arthur.
It is thought that the Russian authori
ties will grant the request. The fact
that the application has been made
would indicate that the entrance to the
.harbor of Port Arthur Is at least par
tially clear, as the Sentis is a large
ship. She has been at Port Arthur ever j
since the commencement of hostilities. ]
The letters from the foreign business j
men make no reference to fighting or
other conditions at Port Arthur beyond
the statement that the price of rice has
risen from 5 to 30 roubles per hundred. '
It is stated that there are still 10.000
Chinese In the besieged city and that
every effort is being. made to get them;
out on junks. |
WILL LEAVE PORT ARTHUR.
The Korean Ministry of War has
recommended the distribution of 2500
Korean soldiers in garrisons of from
fifty to 300 along the Tumen River, the
great south road and in several im
portant towns in the interior of Ham
heung province in order to prevent fu
ture Russian raids. This recommenda
tion has not yet been sanctioned, and
the policy is considered to be question
able. It is said to be probable that the
majority of such a force would desert
with their rifles and become bandits,
and would engage in robbing the coun
try people rather than in opposing the
Russian raiders, thus embarrassing the
officials.
A number of Japanese women and
children who lived at Gensan have
taken refuge with the foreigners of
Gensan in a monastery about Iwenty
miles distant from the town. Others
numbering sixty-five have arrived at
Fusan on their way to Japan.
SEOUL, Korea, June 9, 5 p. m. (de
layed in transmission). — Telegraphic
communication with Hamheung, on the
east coast of Korea, has been re-estab
lished.
Korean Ministry of War Gives Con
sideration to Troublesome Matter.
TO PREVENT RUSSIAN RAIDS.
.NEW YORK, June 10.— Under a de
cree of absolute divorce signed by Jus
tice Gildersleeve of the Supreme Court,,
Rosamond Maria Sullivan resumes her
maiden name and becomes again "Rose
Coghlan" in private life as on the
stage. Justice Gildersleeve makes final
the interlocutory decree or February 6,
confirming the report and findings (it
a referee that Mrs. Sullivan is entitled
to be freed from John Taylor Sullivan,
to whom she was married June 7, 1893,
in Jersey City.
The Sullivans lived in this city sev
eral years and seemed as happy as
turtle doves. They separated two years
ago. the actress going to Helena, Mont.,
and establishing a residence there. She
began her suit for divorce there a year
ago. But when advised tnat a Mon
tana divorce procured in this way
would not be recognized in New York,
she withdrew her suit and on Novem
ber 17 instituted an action here. There
is no provision for alimony and the
co-respondent is not named in the de
cree. The papers in the case are sealed.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
NEW YORK, June 10.— Friends and
relatives of Edith Smith . residing in
this city, are much concerned over her
continued absence and their failure to
hear from her. She left Manila about
the middle of April and arrived at San
Francisco by the transport Sherman on
May 16. Inasmuch as it was her inten
tion to come directly East it is feared
she has met with violence, as she had
a considerable sum of money in her
possession. Her friends have written
to the Chief of Police of San Francisco
asking his assistance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HARRISBURG. Pa.,. June 10. — Gov
ernor Pennypacker to-day appointed
P. C. Knox successor to the late United
States Senator Quay.
Governor Pennypacker also an
nounced that he will not call the
Legislature In extra session. This
means that the appointment of Knox
is for the unexpired term, ending
March 4, 1905.
WASHINGTON, June 10.— Joseph
H. Choate may be called home from
the court. of St. James to.becahie At
torney General. The selection of At
torney General Knox to succeed the
late Matthew Quay in the Senate
makes it necessary .for the President
to look about for a successor to Knox
in the Cabinet.
The President feels that the office
has become so important under the
administration of Knox that he must
have a lawyer of undoubted ability
and reputation & as his successor.
Choate has a great reputation as a
lawyer. He has been Embassador to
the court of St. James since 1898 and
may be willing to surrender that po
sition to accept one in the Cabinet.
This question was discussed at the
Cabinet meeting to-day, but nothing
was decided.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ties Uniting John Taylor
Sullivan to "Bose Coghlan"
Severed by Gildersleeve
Cabinet Discusses Question
of Offering Attorney Gen
eralship to Embassador
rtelatives of Edith Smith
Who Arrived on Trans
port Eeport Her Missing
CHOATE MAY
SUCCEED KNOX
HER ABSENCE
CREATES FEAR
STRESS GETS
FINAL DECREE
WASHINGTON. June 10. — The
President to-day appointed E. K.
Foord postmaster at Rio Vista, CaL.
and John W. Minto postmaster at
Portland, Or. He also commissioned
the following postmasters: Edward I.
Williams, Ketchikan. Alaska: Peter
Siebe. Cordelia. Solano County, vice
Charles A. Jensen, removed; W. E. K.
Maikai, Huelo, Maui Island, Hawaii,
vice F. E. Chamberlain, resigned, and
Llvi D. Kleiiplo, Kapoho. Hawaii Isl
and, vice W. H. C. Campbell, resigned.
On July 1 Ivanhoe station of the
postoffice at Los Angeles will be es
tablished. . •
Postmaster at Rio Vista.
Other Changes.
President . Appoints E. K. Foonl
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
BLOOD HOUNDS
AFTER BANDITS
The other two attempts to burn the
mill were on May 2C and May 29. These
attempts were made by placing
matches on the cement floor in the
pathway of the guards. The fiber dust
covered them. On each occasion the
hlaze was started, but owing to the
watchfulness of the guards it was ex
tinguished before damage was done.
Captain Harrison of the Inside yard,
when interviewed, claimed to know
nothing of the affair. Captain Swan,
the turnkey, asserted he .had not heard
of it; but he said that a little fire
might occur and that he might not
know about it. As to the plot of a
jail delivery, he scoffed at it, assert
ing that as long as there were prisons
prisoners would hatch plots to escape.
"It's our duty to frustrate these at
tempts," paid Captain Swan. "That's
what we do."
excited, and as time wore on became
particularly agitated.
This was enough. The suspects were
thrown into the strait jacket, with the
hope that some clew might be obtain
ed. No convict is allowed to have a
candle In his possession, and this rule
is most vigorously enforced. How this
one was obtained is still a matter of
conjecture with the officials. Subse
quent interrogation of, many inmates
loads the officials to believe that a con
vict named Jessup did that part of the
work. Who was the real leader of the
plot has not been ascertained.
OTHER ATTEMPTS.
Continued From Page 2, Column 1.
BOLD PLOTGF CONVICTS FRUSTRATED
ST. PETERSBURG, June 10.— News
of the fighting at Sluyen furnishes food
for much speculation concerning the
real Japanese objective. Whether the
advance to Siuyen constitutes a for
ward movement in force, • military
authorities do not pretend to know. Its
character depends largely on whether
General Kurokl has the number of
troops which reports credit him. It Is
thought that the Japanese may at
tempt to push across the peninsula and
establish a new base at Newchwang.
The direct road to Newchwang
passes south of Haicheng. Such a
movement on the part of General Ku
rokl might precipitate a serous en
gagement in the neighborhood of Hai
cheng if General Kuropatkin thought
the time ripe to contest the advance
seriously. But it is also pointed, out
that the Japanese movements to Sal
matsze and Sluyen may be either feints
or .merely a continuation of an effort
to distract' the Russian attention from
Port Arthur. . * *' ~
ulshcd Food for Speculation.
Japanese Movements at Sluyen Fur-
3L\Y BE OXLY FEINTS.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 10, 4:14 p.
m. — There is reason to believe that the
plans for the departure of the Port Ar
thur- squadron in the event that the
fall of the fortress becomes imminent
have been completed. They involve the
co-operation of the. Vladivostok squad
ron. After the blockading fleet has been
engaged the uninjured Russian shipd
will effect a junction with the Vladivo
stok squadron and make their way to
Vladivostok. The fact that the Korean
Straits are. mined and guarded by a
Japanese torpedo boat flotilla, which
has been established to the satisfaction
of the admiralty here, greatly increas*-*
the difficulty of the operation, but' the'
Russians probably . wilf prefer to take
chances of getting through rather than
of making a two thousand mile jour
ney around Japan. The attempt may
occur at the first favorable opportunity.
The squadron is useless for the defense
of Port Arthur, while if preserved en
tire or in major portion even the fall
of Port Arthur would be robbed of
much of its importance from the
standpoint of Russia's future plans.
The repairs to the Russian battle
ship Pobieda are now practically com
pleted.
Port Arthur Squadron Prepares
Against Fall of tiie Fortress.
PLANS FOR DEPARTURE.
"From all appearances the Cossacks
were engaged' with troops of the Tenth
division. In the affair on June 7 at
Vafangow we lost one rifleman wound
ed, but the Japanese sustained con
siderable losses\ According to the tes
timony of- residents, they- lost forty
"Among our losses were Cheremis
sineff, chief of Cossacks; Coronet K6
marovski and Lieutenant Colonel Pos-
Eokhoff.
Sluyen, keeping up" their fire from a
battery on a dense column of the
enemy at a range of 600 yards. The
fire slackened- about 5 o'clock in the
afternoon. ¦->' * •-.
Under the will of the late W. W.
Foote, Henry S. * Foote. his son. to
whom Miss Ella Crowell of Bcston was
married yesterday, received nothing.
He and his brother. Chauncey T. Foote,
were disinherited, Foote stating in fiis
will that he left them nothing because
they had already received large ad
vances from him and "for other good
and sufficient reasons." The estate of
W. W. Foote was devised to his two
daughters. Isabel and Enid Foote. and
one son, W. W. Foote Jr. At the time
of the filing of the will the estate was
estimated to be worth about $25,000.
upon the commander of our detach
ment ordered a retreat toward Fen
chulin pass;
"The detachment withdrew slowly
and In good order, holding successive
positions. 1 ¦'. Our woujided included. Cap
tain Makharoff and Lieutenant Itonjlt
ski. Both officers, however, remained
in the ranks. About 100 men were
killed "or wounded. The enemy suf
fered heavily. Accoutrements taken
from the Japanese dead show that they
belonged to the Twelfth division.
' "The commander of our detachment
compliments the calm courage of our
troops and reports that the conduct of
the -Red Cross company was above all
praise.", j j v, ' t,V
"More Japanese then appeared, one
battalion with a mountain battery be
ing stationed before Saimatzsa, The
at first pressed the Japan
ese, . inflicting losses and taking rifles
and. equipment. from the killed, but the
advance was checked by "a severe fire.
Reinforcements now jcrfned the enemy,
bringing up their strength to a brigade
of infantry, two batteries of artillery
arid three squadrons of cavalry.' There-
killed or wounded.
• "Details of the affair at Saimatzsa
follow:
"June .7 at 6 a. m. an outpost com
pany on the Aiyang road was attacked
by '.the enemy. A detachment of chas
seurs .was sent as a reinforcemeht.
Cossacks Suffer Considerable \ I Loss at Saimatzsa.
BT. LOUIS, June 10.— In the presence
of hundreds of persons on their way
home from the fair, Mrs. Martha
Quinn, aged 29, of San Mateo, Cal.,
mads a futile attempt to kill herself.
Standing with a revolver In the middle
cf the 6treet, ehe fired one shot at her
self, fired another as Bhe ran down the
center of the street and a third as she
stumbled and felL None of the 6hots
wounded her. "Because I love him,"
is the reason she gave, referring to her
husband, who, she says, no longer cares
for her. She Is at the City Hospital.
Fourteen months ago she was mar
ried In St. Louis. Her husband took
her to New York. Seven weeks ago
he returned to St. Louis. She followed
two weeks later. A week ago, she says,
he left her at 7 o'clock as he went to
his place of employment. When he saw
her she says he put on his coat and
hat and left. She stayed and cried
a while and then decided to kill herself.
Purchasing a revolver, she took an
Ollve-Etreet car and rode to the end
of the line. She says she wandered
about near the fair for several hours
prior to firing the shots.
She cries almost continually, begging
to have her husband Bent to ker.
EptciU Dtep&tcfa to The Call.
Foote, it is said, is the only son of the
late W. W. Foote of California, who
died several months ago, leaving to his
son, it is said, an automobile factory.
African diamond mines and extensive
Western mining interests.
BROCKTON. Mass., June 10.— The
marriage of Miss anTud Ella Cro-well.
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Fred E.
Crowell of j this city, ana Henry S.
Foote of San Francisco, took place at
the home of the bride's parents this
afternoon. Miss Crowell had been vis
iting her aunt in New York City and
last Monday evening Foote was one of
a theater party arranged in her honor.
He promptly fell in love with her and
the attachment proved mutual. The
courtship lasted a week and Mls3
Crowell then returned to this city for
her marriage, which occurred quietly
a few hours after her arrival.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Every Junk and fishing boat in
these waters is held up and examined
by torpedo boats, which are cruising
everywhere.
• "We have seen no mines recently. It
is likely that the Japanese have been
picking them up. On Thursday . all
was quiet at Port Arthur; The Fawan
ran across an open boat on that day
being pulled in the direction of the.
fortress. On hailing the ', little craft
we discovered that it contained Fuller,
a war correspondent of the Indianap
olis. News, who with two Chinamen
was trying to reach Port Arthur."
CHICAGO. June 10.— The Dally News
correspondent at Chefu sends the fol
lowing cablegram:
"Leaving Chefu Tuesday on the dis
patch boat Fawan I anchored among
the Miaotao Islands. , On Wednesday
afternoon four terrific explosions were
heard- in the direction of Port . Arthu p.
As far as could be made out they
were, caused by.. mines. . The Fawan
ran out and was proceeding at, full
spe^d in the direction of the fortress
when a flotilla of Japanese torpedo
boat destroyers, hurrying In the same
direction, overtook the dispatch boat.
One of the destroyers stopped the
Fawan, and, having examined her pa
pers, finally released us. \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wife of Fourteen Months
Seeks Death Because She
Lost Husband's Affections
Meet at Theater Party Last
3Ionday Night and Before
Week Is Out Are Wedded
ST. .PETERSBURG, June l6.— Remote
as now appears the chance that .the
Japanese fleet will ever be 'in 1 a position
to venture up the Baltic and, make a
demonstration* against the Russian
capital, or that any European power
will be drawn into the war, Russia
evidently, Is taking^ nothing for granted.
The possibility, of the fall 6f Port
Arthur Or a disaster to the Baltic fleet
after the latter calls for the Far Ea«t
have been considered and .no precau
tion will be omitted to protect. St.
Petersburg against attack. The forti
fications of Riga (in the southern part
of the Gulf "of Riga) and Reval (at "the
entrance of the Gulf of Finland) have
been strengthened, some new guns of
the latest patterns have been mounted
in the fortress of Cronstadt and a chain
of water batteries, running out . on
either side of the shores of the Gulf of
Finland, will guard the entrance to
the mouth of the Neva. This system of
fortifications was sufficient to dis-
courage">\he attack planned by- the
British; fleet .during the^ Crimean War.
In; addition/^ however, ''shore
have beep constructed' near : Cranien
baum (inHhe ! Gulf ,of Cronstadt,''nine
teen. ,.miles_jrr£m-..St^. Petersburg), and,
Sestroryetsk (on the Sestra Rivejr^and
seventeen;; miles from St. . Petersburg)'
probably as a precaution against land
ings, a? it is believed ithe "forts are able
to stop the- advance of a hostile fleet.
The approaches to Cronstadt are
also being mined, and merchant ships
are being "forbidden to enter the port
without -a pilot to conduct them
through the mine fields 1 . 1 Owing to" the
extensive work-in progress at .Cron
stadt in connection with; the prepara
tion of the Baltic squadron,. the central
basin, heretofore reseryed for' mer
chant ships, has been appropriated by
the ' navy. ¦ ', Rigid regulations are en
forced against any one approaching the
fortincatiphs. ¦ The Grand Duke Vlad
imir, 'commander of the military dis-
trict'tof- St. Petersburg, has just com
pleteitVati inspection of the shore bat
terfek-', ,=/ ':'.
The; Russian rules for the treatment
of prisoners of war. we're prom.ulga.ted
to-dsy. „ They are ;cf a most humane
.character;; following the most ad
vance'4 idea? on; the subject of the care
of prisoners. A. war bureau for, the col
lections and : distribution of every pos
sible kind of information concerning
prisoners has been established by.the
Russian_Red Cross Society under the
"presidency "ol Professor de' Maartehs,;
professor of" International law at the
University of St. Petersburg; and re
cently president of The Hague court
which decided: the Pious fund claims. :
• The No voe Vremya editorially scouts
the idea fostered by. a section of the
British' press that the fall of Port Ar
thur will end the war.
The -Government Is considering the
question of increasing tHe scale of pen
sions for soldiers' and sailors', widows.
The Novoe Vremya has received a
message from the officers. of the Rus
sian battleship Peresviet, at Port Ar
thur, reporting "all well." It was sent
to Liaoyang on June 9. The Port Ar
thur date is not specified. The commu
nication may have been brought to
Newchwang by a Chinese junk.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 10.— General
Kuropatkin's reinforcements axe'push
ing eastward. The first division. 20,000
men of. the .Tenth Army Corps, has
crossed the Ural Mountains, and fol
lowing them is a continuous stream
of troop trains. The last men of -the
Tenth and the Seventeenth corps are
scheduled to reach Liaoyang on August
27. The.infantry will cross Lake Baikal
in ferry-boats and the cavalry will ride
around the circular track. _.„. ..... ,.. .
The mobilization of the First Army
Corps is hurrying. Two . regiments of
the Twenty-second Division are at
Novgorod and one of the Thirty-sev
enth at Pakoff, thirty-one miles'south
west of St. Petersburg, where the re
serve men will join. The two divisions
expect to start for the front on June 23.
Infantry Make Arrange
ments to Cross Lake Baikal
in Ferry-Boats.
Belief Prevails That They
Were Caused by Mines-
Laid by Russians.
BULLETS DO NO HARM
ACQUAINTED FEW DAYS
Martha Quinn Fires Three
Shots at Herself on the
Streets of the Fair City
Disinherited Son of Late
Attorney and Politician
Marries, an Eastern Belle
Fortifications of Riga and Reval Are Strengthened
and Water Batteries Guard Entrance to
Mouth of the Neva
Four Terrific Explosions
Are Heard in Vicinity of
Port Arthur. .
EVERY PRECAUTION TO PROTECT RUSSIAN CAPITAL |
AGAINST ATTACK IS TAKEN BY THE GOVERNMENT
Reinforcements Are Being
Hurried Eastward to the
Aid of Kuropatkin.
WOMAN WOULD
DIE FOR LOVE
HENRY S. FOOTE
TAKES A BRIDE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,,, SATURDAY, - JUNE 11, 1904.
Continued From Page 1,- Column 5.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. June 10.— The Standard
Oil Company to-day reduced the price or all
trades of retlned oil %c per gallon.
. MANILA, June. ,io:— The original,
draft of the proposed internal revenue
law for the Philippine Islands has been
simplified and. modified in various re
specttv Many , of the tax rates have
been reduced and some classes of taxes
have been entirely eliminated, notably
that upon corporations. The commia
siori'.will reconvene in Manila on Juno
20, and public discussion of the bill
will follow. • .
Revenue Lairs Modified.
Death of an Author.
PRINCETON, N. J., June 10.—Law
rence Hutton, the author and essayist,
died here to-day of pneumonia, aged 61
years.
Platt proved a disappointing- witness, i
The questions bearing directly on the.'
charges on which the woman's arrest j
has been made he ansv/ered repeatedly: :
"I don't know." His helplessness and
his apparently unreliable memory sur- I
prised those who attended his ex- J
amination. He did not remember!
whether he had given Mrs. Ellas largo |
sums or money din-ing the last " ten '
years, as charged, and did not remsm- ;
her signlnjr certain papers in connec- •
tion with his charges against her. * I
NEW YORK. June 10.— Mrs. Hannah
Ellas was to-day discharged on motion
of Assistant District Attorney Rand
at the conclusion, of the testimony of
John H. Platt, the old millionaire who
caused her arrest for extortion.
2
T6 MEET THE. POPULAR
. * DEMAXD.
The CALL ngnln offers . to Sun-
. day want ad. patrons
THE PERFECT. CAX OPEXER
* An ¦- unexcelled ¦ premium. .'• i
The latest ami.: most ..improved
. . . article of , this kind on .
the market.' ..
GUTS GIVJEX: TO-DAY
to want- advertisers in
SUNDAY ED1TIOX.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Catarrh
Whether it is of the nose, throat,
t tomach, bowels or more delicate organs,
catarrh is always debilitating and should
never fail of attention.
It is a discharge from the mucous
membrane when kept in a state of in-
flammation by an impure, commonly
scrofulous condition of the blood.
Hoods Sarsaparilla
Cures all forms of catarrh.:radically and
permanently — it removes the % cause and
overcomes all the effects. Get Hood's.
DE. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
|PLx&X3§pa I - We seldom fear •
!^;|j^«^ef||3y being run-down by t
KhEm I horse is a vr-v real
K'^ :i^|i«* \i 8 one to everybc*ly, .lbs
jfrllj^IfgjSfl danger of being :r.ur-
r"*^fe5MM | 1 dered by a -.r.icrobe
I M^ $ c * ccs not tr° n b!e xof.
I K«f An^ vet t^ Ie -ninute iai-
I IlPir 1^. cro^ e * 3 pcrc dangerous
¦JsPl •** t^ lan *^ e wildest horse.
•Jot N The only people xrho can
fJsfewk" a^ or£ i not to fear the cii-
Wa^* "* crobes of disease are those
Eg| who keep their blood pure
**^ and rich. These are prac-
' tically immune from the
Attacks of most nncrobes.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov-
ery purifies and enriches the blood, and
gives the body a vigorous . vitality. I*
cures scrofula, eczema, boils, pitnple*
and other eruptive diseases which are
caused by impure blood.
"I had been troubled Cot abotit four rear* t?>
eczema, or a «kin db-ase. >rh:ch it lim«i <*a»
almost unbearable is it >vou! I itcu so.* wrttei
Mr. John Larison. of 115 tau&teri St.. Dallas.
Jtaw "I concluded to try Dr. r?crcsn OoUieu
MMic.il Discovery, and after iisi-::; :'"*« bottle*
found thxU I was'enlircly curc-t i»lciis accent
isany thnnts."
Accept r.o substitute for 2 Gotdcn Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing * just
as good » for diseases cf the blood.
*Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure «a-
Btipation and ita consequence*SYRACUSE, Kans., June 10.— Sheriff
Brady ' of this county / to-night , re
ceived a telegram from Sheriff Barr of
La Junta, 'Colo., stating that a* special
train carrying 140 - deported miners
from Colorado .would r*each Coolldge
to-night and . unload the , miners > In
Kansas, f Citizens of this county are
Indignant at this . proceeding of the
Sent to Their State.
Object to the Deported Miners Being
KANSANS . ARE INDIGNANT.
; DENVER, June 10.— In an . Inter
view published here concerning the
closing, of the Portland; mine . ai
Victor by order ' of General Sherman
M. Bell, who is In command of the Tel
ler County 'military district, James F.
Burns.' president of ;the Portland Com
pany, said that nearly half of the
Portland force were not members ot
the miners' union. -' '. ;
"There .were about 400 as good
Says Men at Portland Mine . Were
Peaceable and Law- Abiding.
BURNS DEFENDS EMPLOYES.
DENVER, June 10. — Governor Pea
body made a statement to-day explain
ing the difference of martial law and
military rule, such as is in effect in
Teller County under his orders. '
"I have not declared martial law In
any community in Colorado." said the
Governor. "I have only declared them
to be in a state of Insurrection and re
bellion, and the newspapers have used
the term martial law In describing my
proclamation.. When a community is
under martial law. a provost guard Is
appointed and all prisoners are given
military trial under this guard. Noth-
Will Make Every Passible Effort to
Stamp Out the Dynamiters.
GOVERNOR PEABODY FIRM.
¦ Denver and Pueblo smelter strike — Loss to
snielter men and miners, $350,000; loss to de
pendent labor. J200.000.
Telluride I strike — State's expense, $175,000;
lofts to- union miners $1,750,000; loss to de
pendent labor. $850,000.
¦ Coal miners' ¦ strike — State's expense. $35,
000; loss in wages to miners. $4,000,000; loss
to steel workers employed! $1,000,000; loss to
men in allied trades, $1,500,000; loss to em
ployers through idle capital.- interest,' profits,
etc.. $5,000,000. .
Cripple Creek strike— State's expense, $400.
000- loss in wages to union men, $1,000,000;
low in wages to other labor. $3,000,000.
Colorado City strike — State'* expense, $26,000
loss to men in wage*. J750.000.
DENVER, Colo., June 10.— The Re
publican to-day estimates the cost of
the strikes in Colorado during the past
sixteen months to aggregate 523,
030,000. An Itemized statement Is
given as follows:
Months Is Placed at $23,036,000.
Loss to Colorado During Past Sixteen
COST OF THE STRIKE.
WASHINGTON, June 10.--6ince the
beginning of the present year gold to
the value of 523,086,565 has been
chipped to all countries from Australia,
a falling off of 55. 158,545 from the cor
responding period of last year, reports
Consul General Bray, at Melbourne.
Gold Shipment* Fall Off.
It was further decided that a his
tory of the labor troubles In Colorado
shall be taken to Washington by an
emissary and placed in the President's
hands. It was also voted to appeal
President Moyer's habeas corpus case
to the United States Supreme Court. -
DENVER, June 10. — The executive
board of the Western Federation of
Miners decided to-day to appeal to
President Roosevelt to Investigate 'the
conditions In Colorado. Secretary W.
D. Haywood was Instructed to send
the following telegram:
Hon. Theodore Roosevelt, Washington, t>. C. '.
A duty devolve! upon you as President of the
United States to Investigate the terrible crimes
that are being perpetrated In Colorado In the
name of law and order. We will render every
possible assistance to the proper authorities
In such Investigation, to the end that the
people of the country may realize the out
races that are being Inflicted on Innocent pr
isons by those In temporary official power.
W. D. HAYWOOD, Secretary.
Miners' Federation Asks an Investi
gation'of Affairs in Colorado.
APPEALS TO PRESIDENT.
WILL REMOVE TOWNSITE
TO ESCAPE THE FLOODS
People of Forty Mile* Are Compelled
to Seek Higher Ground for
Safety.
TACOMA. Wash., June 10.— A higher
flood than usual at Forty Mile will
probably cause the abandonment of
the present townsite and relocation of
the town on higher ground.
The flood waters filled the lower
story of the Northern Commercial and
other warehouses. All citizens had to
flee into the hills, and logs coursed
through the sides of Forty Mile Hotel.
Stores and stocks were damaged to th«
amount of 510,000. The poli« barracks,
on higher ground, were uninjured.
MME. MELBA RECEIVES
HONORS FROM EDWARD
LONDON, June 10.— King Edward has
conferred on Mme. Melba the decora
tion Tor science, art and music. She is
the first woman on whom It has been
bestowed.
Fair's Effects Auctioned Off.
NEW YORK. June 10. — A large
crowd was at the Knickerbocker Art
Galleries to-day to see C E. Smith
sell by auction Charles L. Fair's fur
niture'and art objects. The prices
brought were generally low, the bid
ders being heirs, friends and curiosity
hunters.
URGES TRAVELING MEN
TO HELP END STRIKE
Governor Peabody of Colorado Ad
dresses Drummers Assembled in
Convention at Denver.
DENVER, Colo., June 10.— Fully a j
thousand commercial travelers from
all over the West are attending the
fourth Grand Council of the United
Commercial Travelers of America,
which began here to-day. Grand Coun
cilor B. J. Symonds of this city re
sponded to addresses of welcome de
livered by Governor James H.' Pea
body and Mayor R. W. Speer. in his*
address Governor Peabody referred to
the labor disturbances in Colorado.
"You can be of great assistance In
putting an end to the present strife,"
he said. "Traveling as you do from
town to town, from city to city,
through the, valleys and mountains,
and again over the plains, your influ
ence is felt; in more ways than one."
A delegate proposed three cheera
for Governor Peabody, who, he said,
was "a Governor for all the people all
the time," and they were heartily
given.
ABERDEEN. S. D.. June 10. —
Hugo Schwartz of Java is dead from
a gunshot wound inflicted by his
brother-in-law, John Merkel, who as
serts that it does not make any dif
ference as he is none other than St.
Peter and had already arranged for
the admission of Schwartz to the
pearly gates.
Merkel recently developed a strain
of intense religious brooding. Mrs.
Merkel went to her brother's home.
Her husband followed in a few days
and shot Schwartz in the back as he
was entering the house. Merkel was
caught by officers after a desperate
cross-country chase on horseback.
Shoots Hujjo Schwartz in Back as
He Was Entering His
House.
JOHN MERKEL, WHILE MAD,
KILLS BROTHER-IN-LAW
VICTOR, Colo., June 10.— The inquest
In the cases of the men who were killed
by the explosion in the railroad depot
near Florence was concluded to-day
and the following verdict rendered:
"An Inquisition held at Cripple
Creek, in Teller County, State of Col
orado, on the Sth and 10th days of
June, A. D.. 1904, before George R. A.
Hall, Coroner of said city, upon the
bodies of Gus Augustine. Arthur Muh
leise, Henry Haag, Herbert McCoy,
William Franklin, Edward Ross, and
others, there lying In death, by its
Jurors whose names are hereunto sub
scribed, said Jurors, upon their oaths,
do say that said persons came to their
death by an explosion of dynamite, or
ether explosives, at the Florence and
Cripple Creek depot at or near the
town of Independence, Teller County,
Colorado, on the morning of June 6.
1904, about 2:30 o'clock.
"We further find that said explosive
was exploded by an Infernal machine
parposely and artfully set and dis
charged by some person to the Jury
unknown for the purpose of willfully,
maliciously and feloniously killing and
murdering said persons and others;
that said crime is one of similar crimes
designed and committed in the Cripple
Creek* district during the past few
months, and perpetrated for tb« pur
pose of killing and intimidating non
union miners and thereby preventing
them from working, and that 6ald
crimps are the result of a conspiracy
enteifd Into by certain members of the
Western Federation of Miners, and
known, Incited and furthered by cer
tain officials of that organization."
'It Is said that so much testimony of
an Incriminating character was given
by some of the prisoners that many
who v/ere to be deported were sent to
the County Jail, where they will remain
until arraigned in court.
Shortly after 6 o'clock to-night the
committee adjourned, having examined
all the prisoners and disposed of all
the business before It. Only two men
were' released from custody, to-day by
the committee.
Coroner's Jury Holds Miners' Organi
zation Responsible for Explosion.
BLAMES^ THE FEDERATION.
miners as ever handled a pick work-
Ing there,", said Burns. ."They are,
most of them, men with families, and
they are neither law-breakers nor agi
tators. I would not refuse a man work
because he idid not belong to the union
nor because^he did. I wanted the best
miners, and kept weeding out the poor
ones? without reference to unions. I arn
a firm believer In what they call 'the
open shop.' If other mine owners had
adopted my plan there would not be
an idle mine in the camp to-day and
there would not be a disturbance
worthy of the name.
DENVER, June 10. — The following
Teller County officials are exiles from
their homes ' and will not return to
Cripple Creek while the military is in
control, owing to reports that the citi
zens' committee, which Is co-operating
with the military. Intended to force
them to resign their offices: District
Judge W. P. Seeds, County Judge A- S.
Frost, County Assessor P. J. Devault,
County Treasurer D. J. McNelll, County
Clerk F. P. Mannix.
All of these officials except Judge
Seeds are in Denver. •
"I have not been asked for my
resignation." said Judge Frost to-day,
"but I have heard that members of the
mob which has taken control of the
affairs of the county are after me, as
well as the other county officials. I
shall stay In Denver until after the
militia has been withdrawn from the
district. I have no idea of resigning,
but It is Impossible to do business
properly and orderly In Cripple Creek
under present conditions. Judge Seeds
has ' telephoned me not to return to
Cripple Creek until the military rule
has been abolished.
"The conditions in the district at
present are such that I do not feel it
best to attempt to hold any court there.
I shall hold court here for a week for
Judge Llndsey. who has gone East. . It
Is known among all of the officials who
have left Teller County that those of
ficials who were caught there were
forcibly taken before a committee and
were asked, to resign their offices. They
were asked to sit down at a table on
which two ropes with the hangman's
noose tied In the ends were lying."
Judge W. P. Seeds is at present hold-
Ing court In Klowa County and will not
return to the Cripple Creek district for
the present. - ,
Remains in Control.
Will Not Retuifi While the Military
"L believe in stamping, out this set of
dynamiters," added the Governor, when
asked If he countenanced the deporta
tion of union men by the deputies and
military in the Cripple Creek district,
"and I intend it shall be done. The Su
preme Court has granted me the power
that policemen and Sheriffs have, and I
am exercising that power."
OFFICIALS ARE IN EXILE.
Ing of the kind has ever been attempted
In Colorado. I have only arrested men
and held them -until I deemed it proper
and wise to turn them over to the civil
authorities for trial.
that Poole was arrested at Kansas
City is denied.
Colorado authorities and an appeal has
been made to Governor Bailey to pre
vent Colorado from dumping her al
leged undesfrable citizens into Kansas.
TOPEKA, Kans., June 10.— The only
Kansas official who can be* reached tc
nlght is Assistant Attorney General
John Dawson.. When asked about what
the Kansas officials would do regarding
; Colorado dumping her deported miners
, into Kansas. Dawson said he did not
see what could be done as long as the
miners deported themselves properly.
If they became a nuisance they can be
dealt with the same as tramps or any
other class of undesirable citizens. Gov
ernor Bailey is In St. Louis.
Affecting Scenes at the Railroad Depot When the Deported Men
Bid Farewell to Their Sorrowing Families.
WASHINGTON. June 10.— In re-
Fponse to an earnest request from the
Maritime Exchange of New York, Sec
retary Moody has telegraphed orders
to Commander Nicholson, command
ing the cruiser Tacoma. at San Fran
cisco, to proceed without delay in
search of the freight steamer Cone
maugh, now about two months overdue
at New York City from Chile. When
lafct heard from there were about forty
persons on the steamer, including the
crew, and notwithstanding her long
absence from port there is a strong
hope that she may still be afloat sotne
x\ here in the course of the vessels mak
ing the trip around the Horn.
Soc-rctarr Moody Telegraphs to Com
mander Nicholson to Proceed
Without Delay.
CRUISER TACOMA ORDERED
IT) SEARCH FOR CONEMAUGH
SCEN'E OF THE RiCCENT DYNAMITE OUTRAGE IX COLORADO, WHERE NON-UNION' MEM WERE BU3WN UP WHIL.E WAITING FOR A TRAIN .TO TAKE THEM TO
THEIR HOMES: PRESIDENT OF THE WESTERN FEDERATION OF MINERS ANT> A PROMINENT OFFICER OF THE OWNERS* A6SOCIATl6N, WHO IS TAKING
AN ACTIVE PART IN THE WORK OF RESTORING TEACE AND ORDER IN THE CRIPPLE CREEK DISTRICT.
Lavins owned the Gem saloon. On
Tuesday he started a celebration. He
has always been quarrelsome when
drunk, and Robert Bennington, a
friend, fried to induce him to stop
drinking. He shot at Bennington and
then went home, threatened to kill hi3
wife and drove her from the place. At
5 o'clock this morning he locked him
self In his saloon and sent a bullet
through his brain.
BAKER CITY, Or.. June 10.— Elated
with his success in winning an election
bet of $400, Thomas Lavlns wound up
a three-days spree this morning by
shooting himself through the head.
Oregon Saloon Keeper Wins an Elec-
tion Bet and a Debauch Leads
to Death.
WINDS UP A SPREE
BY KILLING HIMSELF
No Instruction in Virginia.
RICHMOND. Va.. June 10. —The
State Democratic Convention to-day
adopted a platform. The question of
instructing the delegates to St. Louis
for Parker came up, and after some de
bate the convention declined to Indorse
or instruct.
WASHINGTON. June 10.— "I decline
the nomination. The clerk will call the
roll again for nominations for Vice
President."
This is the statement of what he will
do at the Chicago convention, made to
day by Speaker Cannon of the House
¦when asked the direct question, "What
¦will you do if the convention nominates
you despite your objections?"
Speaker Cannon will be the perma
nent chairman of the convention and
In a position to act as indicated.
Nomination for Vice President.
Speaker Says He Will Not Accept
CANNON* ANNOUNCES PLAN.
Detectives throughout the country
are looking for Victor Poole and Sher
man Parker, who left the camp after
the Independence explosion. Officers In
the employ of the Mine Owners' Asso
ciation say that Poole and Parker pur
chased tickets over the' Rock Island
Railroad— Poole for McCune, Kans..
and Parker for Kansas City— and
boarded a train at Colorado Springs
several hours after the explosion. This
is coupled by the authorities with the
fact that bloodhounds .followed the
trail of one of the murderers twelve
miles out and lost it at a point where
he was taken into a wagon that had.
been waiting there, and then driven
toward Colorado Springs. The report
Employers In all branches of business
In this city, without an exception so far
as yet canvassed, have signed the
agreement prepared by the Citizens'
Alliance "not to employ help of any
kind that is in any way connected with
the District Trades Assembly, the State
Federation of Labor, the , Amerrlcan
Labor Union, the Western Federation
of Miners or any kindred organization."
The present, scale of wages will prevail
and individual unions will be tolerated.
It Is conceded, if they are conducted on
conservative lines and do not give aid,
directly or indirectly, to the Western
Federation of Miners.
This warfare against unions as at
present organized and associated ;wlll
be extended, promoters of the move
ment say, to every city and town In
the district. ?.•
MUST LEAVE WITHIN A WEEK.
The Women's Auxiliary of the Min
ers' Union has been forbidden by the
military authorities to hold meetings.
Joseph Hamilton, chairman of the
Democratic County Central Commit
tee, was called before the Citizens' De
portation Committee to-day and asked
concernins his sympathy with union
ism. Hamilton acknowledged that he
believed In unions and he was' told
that ht must leave camp within the
next four days. He was allftwed this
respite because of his standing in the
community and because he is a mem
ber of the Masonic fraternity. Hamil
ton was one of the delegates from '.his
county to the recent State convention
at Pueblo. /
Another party of exiled men .will be
eent out of the district to-morrow. Six
ty men confined In the Cripple Creek
bullpen were taken to the County Jail
to-day and charges of murder were
placed against them.
Work was resumed this morning at
come mines employing non-union men
which had been closed since Monday,'
the Stratton Independence, owned by
an English company, being the first to
reopen. The Portland mine is closed
by order of General Sherman M. Bell,
military commander, and Its 400 em
ployes will be compelled, General Bell
has said, to abandon the union or leave
the district.
The train stopped long enough at this
place to give the soldiers time to eat
The deported men had rations of beans
and bread on board.
Mayor Harris of this city had been
apprised of the decision to deport the
men, and Immediately took steps to
pee that none of them landed Jn Colo
rado Springs. Under his instructions
a large force of officers and deputies
met the special train at 6:10 o'clock
this evening for that purpose. No at
tempt was made, however, to unload
the men here, arrangements having
previously been made to send them to
the Kansas State line over the Santa
Fe because of protests made against
taking them to Pueblo or Denver and
leaving them there.
GIVEN* PLENTY OF RATIONS.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., June
10. — Acting under the orders of Adju
tant General Sherman M. Bell of the
State National Guard, a special train
was made up shortly after noon to-day
in the Short Line yards at Victor for
the deportation of seventy-six union
miners. The train comprised a com
bination baggage car and two day
coaches. Almost immediately the work
of loading the men began. They were
marched to the train between heavy
lines of militia and deputies. A crowd
of fully 1000 people had collected to see
the men placed on board. Among the
spectators were wives and sisters,
fathers and mothers of the deported
men, and the scenes were very affect
ing. Mothers, sisters and sweethearts
cried good-byes and tried to push
through the lines for a parting hand
shake. Most of the women had been
allowed to see their relatives at Arm
ory Hall before the men were marched
out.
LONDON, June 10.— A. J. Nathan of
Pennsylvania, longr a resident of Tan
gier and who has Just arrived in Lon
don, describes the situation In Morocco
generally as being serious. He consid
ers that Perdicaria and Varley are in
the gravest danger. As Ralssouli is
simply a common bandit, the tribes
men are quite beyond his control. If
they thought Raissouli was not acting
squarely they would themselves attack
the captives.
It is certain, Nathan says, that if
marines attempted to march into that
district the prisoners would be killed.
Had Raissouli waited another day he
would have captured United States
Consul General Gummere, who was g".
Ing to visit Perdicaris. Nathan adda
that there is nothing to prevent Rais
souli or any other bandit with a hun
dred men from entering Tangier and
carrying off any diplomatic body, as
the local garrison, numbering 500 men,
is utterly unreliable.
Nathan Says Perdicaris and Varley
Are hi Grave Danger.
FEARS FOR CAPTIVES.
PARIS, June 10. — The Foreign Of
fice has received lengthy advices from
the French Minister at Tangier. He
says Mohammed El Torres, the Sul
tan's representative at Tangier, has
chosen his own son, who bears the same
name as his father, to proceed to the
mountain retreat of Fraissouli, the
bandit chief, and present the final
to secure the release of Perdi
caris and Varley. The son already has
departed on his mission. The Journey
will take a day or two. The officials
expect a successful outcome. They say
Mohammed's choice of his son shows
the sincerity of Morrocco's efforts. The
Minister pays a high tribute to the
cautions reserve and constant courtesy
observed by the American and British
admirals, which is construed as indi
cating that there is no likelihood of
precipitate naval action.
WASHINGTON. June 10.— Rear Ad
miral Chadwlck cabled the Navy De
partment from Tangier to-day that the
captives, Perdicaris and Varley, have
recovered from their illness and there
fore a surgeon from the fleet will not
be sent to Fralssoull's camp.
ST. PAUL. June 10. — John W.
Bowler, chairman of the Hennepin
County Democratic Committee, is in
Ft. Barnabas Hospital, Minneapolis,
as the result of a conference with the
Hearst delegations to-day. During
the conference some one called Bow
ler a liar and a fight ensued. Bowler
was hurt so severely that several
etitches were taken in his lip. The
meeting was held in the interest of
harmony, both factions being: about
equally divided.
The county convention will be held
to-morrow. The assault on Bowler is
expected to react on the iHearst fac
tion. In St. Cloud, Mankato and Blue
Earth counties, where Hearst was said
to have a 'walkover, he will have
scarcely one-fifth of the delegates.
These were the supposed strongholds
of Hearst in Minnesota and there are
enough counties that will send anti-
Hearst delegates to defeat the Xe\v
York Congressman when the State
convention meets on the 21st inst.
Minnesota is surely against Hearst.
Ramsey County, which includes St.
Paul, held its caucuses to-night and
was solidly against Hearst. Money is
paid to have been freely distributed by
the Hearst managers and it was ap
parently easy to secure the primaries
in Minneapolis.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Rumpus Is Expected to Re
act on Hearst Forces and
Cause Him to Lose State
Favorable Outcome Expect
ed From Visit to Captor
of Perdicaris and Yarley
CHAIRMAN IX HOSPITAL
STAETS OX HIS JOUEXEY
Minnesota Democrats Meet
to Adjust Differences and
Free-for-All Row Ensues
Sultan's Bepresentatiye at
Tangier Sends Offspring
to Deal With Fraissouli
EL TORRES' SON
IS MESSENGER
FIGHT BREAKS
UP CONFERENCE
UNION MINERS OF THE CRIPPLE CREEK DISTRICT
ARE SENT INTO EXILE BY MILITARY AUTHORITIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 11, '1904.
ACTING under the Instructions
of Adjutant General Sherman
31. Bel], union miners are be
ing rapid y deported from Victor and
peace now reigns at the scene of the
dynamite outrage. Several of the
mines have resumed operations and
no more trouble is expected, as the
officials have the situation well in
hand.
3
v" f v;- ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAFEST WAY
JBuy Your Clothes Here
Where Style, Fit, Quality,
Fabric' and Price are Right
Business and Outing Suits
from $7.50 to $35.00
ROOS BROS.
KEARNY AT POST
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A touch is enough for
cleanliness. That is why
Pears' soap lasts so.
Pears' shaving soap is
the best in all the world.
Established over too years.
It pays to do business gener
cusly. The proof: Schilling!
Best. Full-strength and pure,
and the prices only enough to
pdy for the quality.
Money back.Ba?ga«e transferred to and from all trains,
•teamen, etc.; at low rates. .One trunk,(sin
gle trip) 35 cents; round trip 60 cents.' Morton
Special . Delivery, 308 Taylor, C50. Market, Oak
land Ferry Depot. » Phone Exchange 49. ¦ *
Notice to Passengers.
CONTEST OP AVILL. — Harriet Reid, Bole
lec^tf* ot Htnry Lampman, deceased, under
ths will flied for probate April 20. yesterday
fll»d «i» th« Superior Court » contest ot tb«
will- tiled May 11. alleging that the latter wa«
not Uinpman'i last will and. at the time of
making It. ha wu not ot aound and ditpoelng
mind. The estate Is worth 13000. . . '
Grant ; Wallace continues his poor
opinion Of the Russian soldiers. He is
In a position where he should be able to
Judge, but better buy a gas range from
S. F. Gas and Electric Co. •
REDDING, June 10.— It has been dis
covered that Hobo Springs, situated in
the northern, part of Redding, pos
sess remarkable ' medicinal qualities.
Ed Deshields and J. II. Storey of this
city have ltased the premises on which
the spring is located and will at once
convert" the place into a health resort.
The water will be put on the market
and will be free to visitors. The spring
is located a short distance from the
railrcad track. '". •
Springs,. Located Near the Town Are
Found to Contain Medicinal
Qualities. ?
REDDING TO BECOME
A PLEASURE RESORT
NEW YORK, June 10.—^The expul
sion of W. E. Woodcnd of the sus
pended firm of W. E. Woodend & Co.
was announced on the Consolidated
Stock Exchange to-day, the reason
given being alleged irregularites in
dealings. . % .. •;>v;
Woddend Out of Exchange.
The. steamship City of Para, from
Panama and way ports, Captain. A.
Zeedor, arrived in port at 8:30 last
night with forty-fourjcabln passengers
and seven : seamen from Acapulco.
Owing to disagreeable weather the
vessel was delayed a few days on her
trip. She carried 1936 tons of cargo.
The chief item was 9000 sac3k of cof
fee. The^ rest consisted of general mer
chandise consigned to New York.
About ten of her passengers were
landed at the Mail dock at 10 o'clock
last- night from the Pacific iMail tug
Millen Griffith.; " - '
City, of Pam Arrives in Port.
V Doctors Will Meet at Portland.
City, N. J., June 10.
The American Medical Association to
day selected Portland, Or., as the next
place of meeting, the date to^be de
cided later, and elected Dr/ George
Bloomer of San Francisco as orator
on State medicine.
LOS ANGELES, June 10.— The South
ern California Sunday-school Associa
tion, in convention here, elected the fol
lowing officers fo- tWa ensuing year:
John E. Fisk Jr. of IJedlands, presi
dent; Rov. E. J. Inwood of^an Diego,
vice president; Gall Borden of Alham
bra, secretary; Newman Essicks of Los
Angeles, treasurer.
<• The following Is the executive com
mittee: E. L. Zajin of*Ventura, B. B.
Williams of Santa Barbara, A. C.
Beckes of Kern County, George W.
Marston of San Diego.
John E. risk of Rcdlands Is Chosen
President of Southern California
_.— " 'Association. '
SUNDAY SCHOOL OFFICERS
ELECTED FOR NEW YEAR
NEW YORK, "June 10. — The trouble
at the Ward Line pier, resulting from
a strike of Italian firemen, who were
replaced. by non-union Italian's, cul
minated to-day In a general shooting
affray, in which about a dozen shots
were fired. No one was wounded, but,
two of the participants were arrested.
Italians Exchange Shots.
The Board of Education turned the
Girls' High School over to the stu
dents yesterday "afternoon for the
purpose of saying farewell to their
former principal,' Dr. Elisha Brooks,
who leaves the administration of the
school. In the library, amid beautiful
floral decorations and golden yellow
ribbons, the color of the- school, the
faculty gave Dr. Brooks a farewell
dinner. There were only three other
guests besides Dr. r . Brooks— his wife,
Miss Alice Brooks and Mrs. Katherine
Wilson Ruddock, formerly of the
Latin department. The teachers of
the Franklin Grammar School, of
which Dr. Brooks was formerly prin
cipal, sent an exquisite, bunch of
American Beauty Roses,' with a letter
of remembrance. Dr. Brooks was the
recipient of a beautiful watch and a
pair of field glasses from the students
and a handsome ' bronze lamp with
Tiffany globe. In response the doctor
spoke feelingly of his association with
the school. ...
Students and Faculty of the Girls'
High School, Bid Good-By to
.. Former Principal.'
FAREWELL DINNER TO
DR. ELISHA BROOKS
NEW YORK. June 10.— The fol
lowing Calif ornlans are In New York:
Frcm San Francisco—^-A. Goldberg, at
the Herald Square; Mrs. C. H. La
boytcano ,at the "Murray Hill; Dr. C
A. Sybel, at the Herald Squar*: C.
Cross, at the Imperial; T. W. Jones
and T. D. Jones, at the Grand Union;
H O. Lewis, at the Metropolitan; H.
L'ebert. at the Normandle; A. McMil
lan and wife, at the Hoffman; E An
drews, at the Ashland; D. W. Pisbee
and W. E. Ehrmann and wife, at the
Grand Union; wV Ehrenpfort. at the
Union Square; H. L. Joachlmson, at
trip Grand Union; A. Judis and wife,
at the Wellington; E. A. Matthews and
wile, at the GUsey, and J. McKellur.
at the Ashland. From San Jou» — H.
E. Losse. at the Wellington. From
Los Angeles — W. O. Howe, at the Al
bert; F. D. Jones, at the Broadway
Central; A. J. Koll and wif«, at the
Normandle, and Mrs. C. Lowe, at the
As tor.
Callfornlans In New York.
SAN DIEGO, June 10.— It Is under
stood that a new proposition is to be
submitted to the property owners .of
EFCor.dido for the settlement of the
irrigation district muddle. The attor
neys of the land owners, L. A. Wright
and A. Halnea, have been In conference
with the bondholders for the past two
days, and the plan that they have about
agreed upon and which will be sub
mitted to the land owners is the pur
chase of the bonds by the land owners
themselves in quantities they desire
at the rate of $200,000 for $350,000 In
bonds , that were issued. In this way
the Ia/id owners will gradually become
the owners of the bonds and the debt
will eventually be wiped out. In other
words, the lion on the property in the
district will be transferred from Put
nam to the land owners and, with a
lien in their hands, things ought to run
along pretty emoothly.
New Plan Is Submitted for the Settle
ment of Irrigation Dilliculty
at Kscondido.
LAND OWNERS MAY
PURCHASE THE BONDS
Ng Sam, a Chinese, was arrested
yesterday by Detective George Me-
Mahon for burglarizing the room of
another Chinese on Waverly place.
He will be charged to-day.
Chinese Burglar Arrested.
NEW YORK. June 10.— The revo
lutionists of Santo Domingo are re- j
ported in a dispatch from Puerta
Piata to have accepted in full the .
terms of peace proposed by the Gov- [
ernment. Although General Rodrl- i
guez bad difficulty in convincing his i
companions that they should accept!
every one Is satisfied with the arrange
ment.
The blockade of Monte" Christi has
been raised, the whole country is now
under the control of the Morales Gov
ernment and peace is assured.
Peace, It is Reported, Follows Offers
. of Santo Dominso Government
, to Rebels.^
REVOLUTIONISTS ARE SAID
TO HAVE ACCEPTED TERMS
Michael Sullivan was convicted of
burglary, yesterday by a Jury In De
partment 12 of the Superior Court.
Judge Gesford of Napa presiding, and,
as he waived time for sentence, the
Judge sent him to Folsom penitentiary
for one year. On February 10 he en
tered the room of Garfleld Rayl at 40S
Post street and stole a valuable over
coat, f
Convicted of Burglary.
PETALUMA, June 10. — With much
ceremony and in the presence of 4000
people, the corner-stone of the new
Carnegie library was laid to-day in
this city. A municipal holiday was
declared and public buildings and
business blocks were draped in gala
attir*. A parade headed by Grand
Marshal Colonel D. B. Fairbanks was
formed and marched through the
streets to the library site. The Grand
Lodge of Masons, Odd Fellows and
other fraternities and firemen com
posed the procession. Arriving at the
site Mayor Veale and others made
speeches and presented Grand Master
Charles W. Nutting with a beautiful
memorial trowel. A benediction by
the chaplain concluded the service.
The building is of the renaissance
type with massive columns command
ing the entrance. The day's celebra
tion ended to-night In a reception .to
visiting Masons by the Petaluma
lodge. Drill work and a grand ban
quet occupied the evening.
Impressive Ceremonies Mark Begin
ning of Work on Carnegie
Institution.
LAY CORNER-STONE OF
LIBRARY AT PETALUMA
NEW YORK, June 10. — Announce
ment was made to-day that the Rock
Island Company had reduced its capi
tal stock from $51,190,200 to $48,
690,200 and requested the Stock Ex
change to strike the $2,500,000 stock
called in from the Hst. ' The stock re
turned'fo the treasury represents part
of the price paid to the Southern Pa
cific for a half interest in the Texas
lines. Officers of the State, of Texas
declared that the Rock Island as a
parallel road could not own the lines
partly purchased" from the Southern
Pacific.
Shares Called In Represent Part
of Price of Interest in the f
Southern Pacifier
ROCK ISLAND COMPANY
REDUCES CAPITAL. STOCK
The criminal .career of Arthur R.
Stuart, formerly Deputy Collector of
Customs at Iloilo, Philippines Islands,
has been checked for a time by his
arrest last Thursday at San Antonio,
Tex., on a warrant charging him with
having fraudulently altered" Govern
ment,records while at Iloilo. The ar
rest was made by United States Secret
Service Agent Joseph Priest, who had
been furnished bji United States Secret
Service Agent Hazen of this city with
photographs of Stuart.
The Federal authorities had been
searching for Stuart for a long time
a few mont'hs after he left the Philip
pines. Stuart was reared in San Luis
Obispo, Cal., in which town his father
wajs cashier of a bank. Securing em
ployment with the streetcar company
in Los Angeles in 1892, he embezzled
$1300 from the company, was con
victed In the Superior Court of that
county and sentenced to five years' im
prisonment in the San Quentin peni
tentiary. His sentence was commuted
to two years by "Governor Markham
and In 1895 the prisoner was restored
to citizenship. In 1898 he enlisted
in the Eighteenth United States In
fantry at San Antonio, Tex.; and made
so favorable -an impression upon his
superior officers in the Philippines
that they procured for him -the ap
pointment of Deputy Collector of Cus
toms at Iloilo. .
After leaving the islands he was
given employment in this State by
Dr. B. T. McGIllicudy as Inspector of
the New York Mutual Life Insurance
Company and In the latter part of last
March he absconded with $700 of the
company's money.
Stuart married an estimable young
woman in New Orleans. She died
soon after the marriage and he took
her diamond rings to a pawnshop and
pawned them. He was las"t heard of
at Natchez, .Miss., where he Jumped a
board bill and left his trunk.
Stuart worked for a while for his
uncle, Mr. Hoefler, In the law office
of Bishop, Wheeler & Hoefler in this
city, but his services were dispensed
with, not having been satisfactory.
Stuart will be taken back to the
Philippines for trial. j '/
Former Deputy Collector of
Uoilo Wanted There
for a Felony. s
FORMER DEPUTY COLLECTOR AT
1LOILO, WHO HAS BEEN AR
RESTED IN TEXAS. 1 -¦ ¦: L -
District Attorney Jerome, In speak
ing of the failure of the Grand Jury to
return an indictment against Mrs. Pat
terson, said:
"I do not believe the Grand JuryhaB
refused to ; render an indictment. In
fact, I know they have notl# I attribute
the fact of not filing an indictment to
some error In presenting the Indict
ment to the foreman of the . Grand
Jury."
William Stemm Jr. was quoted In an
interview this afternoon as saying that
when he mounted the step of the cab
Young appeared to be already dead.
He saw no pistol and Mrs. Patterson
was pate and appeared to be very ner
vous. He said he rode In the cab to the
hoepltaj, where he helped ; carry . the
body and helped MrB. Patterson up the
stairs, but they held no conversation. .
Mrs. Luce tried to reach Mrs. Pat
terson, but was prevented by an of
ficer and was led away.
.A dramatic scene occurred after the
Coroner's hearing, while Mrs. Patter
son was being led back to the Tombs.
Mrs. William Luce, sister of the dead
bookmaker, confronted Mrs. Patterson
and cried out: "You did it!"
If was said to-day thatMn addition
to Mr. and Mrs. J. Morgan Smith an
other witness whom the police consider
of great importance in making a
thorough Investigation of the case hae
mysteriously disappeared. The man is
Harry Frank, a bartender in the saloon
where Young and Mrs. Patterson are
said to have spent a great part of the
night before Young was. shot. Frank
was summoned to appear^ before the
Grand Jury to repeat any conversation
between Young and Mrs. Patterson
which he may have overheard while
they were in the saloon, but he did not
appear, and the. officers were unable to
find him. The examination of all avail
able witnesses was completed by the
Grand Jury during the day. • The Grand
Jury reported this afternoon," but did
not return an indictment against- Mrs.
Patterson. It was reported that if the
case is to be reconsidered by the Grand
Jury it will not be taken, up until some
time next week.
The story that the man who jumped
upon the steps of the carriage fired the
shot which killed Young was further
discredited later in the day, when a
young man told a policeman on the
street that it was he who first ap
proached the cab In which Young and
Mrs. Patterson were riding. The young
man. who said he was William Stemrh
Jr. of Brooklyn, refused to make any
further statement. At his requeRt he
was taken to the District Attorney's
office, where he was at once closeted
with District Attorney Jerome.
FRANK DISAPPEARS.
The Grand Jury to-day continued Its
investigation of the case, and it was
expected that- some conclusion would
be reached before evening. Among the
witnesses examined to-day was a per
son who is said to have actually seen
all that took place in the cab. His name
was not divulged.
There was to have been a Coroner's
hearing to-day in the Young inquest,
but it was postponed until Monday.
Mr. Levy, of counsel for Mrs. Patter
eon, protested against the adjournment.
Before adjournment a Coroner's Jury
was impaneled. .To the Jury Coroner
Brown described the shooting and said
it was doubtful whether the. case was
one of suicide or, homicide. He told
the jury that he expected to get at the
real facts of the case. After Coroner
Brown's description of Young's death
Assistant District Attorney Garvan
asked for an adjournment. Levy, on
behalf of Mrs. Patterson, Insisted that
the Inquiry proceed as required by law.
Coroner Brown said that as the case*
is now being Inquired into "by the
Grand Jury, it was proper that it first
be disposed of -by that body; and while
Garvan only asked for an adjourn
ment until this afternoon. Coroner
Brown said he would put the inquest
over until Monday.
Stern, the pawnbroker who sold .the
revolver found in Young's pocket, in
his testimony before the Grand Jury
said he was positive he could identify
the revolver and the man and woman
to whom he sold It. He w'as given a
view of Mrs. Patterson, but said he
couid not identify her as the woman
who accompanied the man to whom he
sold the revolver. The Grand Jury
expressed a desire, to have Stern con
front J. Morgan Smith, and then it was
learned that Smith had not appeared in
answer to the summons that had been
served on him.
Stern Bald that the" womanWho ac
companied the purphaser of. the re
volver seemed to be much interested in
the weapon and had him show her how
to load, fire and eject the empty shells.
She took the weapon in her hand and
snapped the trigger two^or three times
while pointing it at the floor.
The District Attorney and the attor
neys for Mrs. Patterson are much an
noyed by the many stories brought for
ward by alleged eyewitnesses Uk the
shooting. One of these persons brought
forward a new account to-day, alleg
ing that Young was shot by a man who
jumped to the step of the cab in which
Young and Mrs. Patterson were sitting
and fired at Young over Mrs. Patter
son's shoulder, but this statement re
ceived very little credence.
HEARING POSTPONED.
NEW TORK, June 10.— Interest in
the mystery surrounding the death of
Caesar Toung, the bookmaker, l last
Saturday, centered to-day in the effortB
of the police to find J. Morgan * Smith,
the brother-in-law of Mrs. Nan Patter
son, In order to serve on him a body at
tachment requiring him to appear be
fore the Grand Jury and tell what he
may, know of the case. Smith and his
wife left their apartments in the St.
Paul Hotel Wednesday and it Is not
known where they are.
Failures this week in the United
States are 227, against 220 last week.
226 in the preceding week and 215 «n
the corresponding week ..last year.
Failures in Canada number «0, against
20 last week, 17 in the preceding
week and 14 last year.
. NEW TORK, June 10.— R. G. Dun
& Co.'s weekly review; of trade to
morrow'will: say: v
..Current trade conditions are with
out change and , collections continue
slow % as tt' rule, but there is growing
confidence' in .the future, dealers ex
h'ibiting: in inclination to 'prepare for
fall and winter on. a larger ¦ scale.
There is still-much^complaint that the
weather " .is unfavorable for retail
trade. Reports regarding the build-,
ing trades 'are almost Uniformly fa
vorable, structural work Increasing as
the season advances.- Railway* earn
ings, now . practically .complete for
April/show aloss of only Uper cent
compared with last year and surpass
the'eorresponding month of many pre- (
ceding years.' The decline in the coat
of living has continued without inter
ruption' since March 1.
List»prices for Iron and steel prod
ucts are maintained in most cases,
mainly because of agreements rather
than the support of consumption.
Some evidence -ef weakness is noted
In hides, both domestic and foreign,
although actual changes in quotations
are small. ;-
Stern Says Woman Who
Bought Pistol Made Com
panion Explain Workings
John Ferrie of San Francisco, whose
ancestors came from Glasgow in 1660,
coat of arms: Azure, an anchor ar
pent. in chief, a mullet of six points
between two crescents or.
Holdridge Ozro Collins of Los An
geles, descendant of Edward Collins of
Cambridge, 1636. Coat of arms: Argent,
a dexter hand gauntleied in sinister
bass grasping a sword, all P. P. R.
pommel and hilt or; crest, an owl ar
gent; motto. "Nostra tuebimir ipsi."
Mrs. Richard 8. McCreary is also en-
FERRIE-S COAT OF ARMS.
Edwin T. Ward of Santa Barbara is
a descendant of Andrew Ward of Fair
field. Conn., who was a lineal descend
ant of Osbert de Varde of Givendale
(A. D. US)). Coat of arms: Azure, a
ctoes between four eagles displayed ar
gent; crest, on a mount vert a hind
couchant, argent; motto, "Sub omce
ealus."
William J. Dutton of San Francisco
is a descendant of John Dutton. who
came from Chester County, England,
to Plymouth. Mass.. in 1630. Coat of
arms: Quarterly argent and gules, in
the second and third a fret* of gold;
crest, a lion's head couped on gold;
motto, "Servabo fldem."
Charles Putnam Fenner of Los An
geles, a descendant of Captain Arthur,
who came from Sussex County, Eng
land, to Rhode Island in 1C53, has as
coat of arms: Vert, a cross argent
charged with a cross formee. gules be
tween four eagles displayed in the sec
ond; crest an eagle displayed argent,
membered or. t
Ronald Thomas of Santa Barbara
els-o has his coat of arms, viz., sable, a
chevron and canton ermine; crest a
unicorn's head erased; motto, '"Virtus
Invicta glorosa." • .
HONORS FOR LOS ANGELES MAN.
Charles Archard of Los Angeles is
descended from a family of that name
once resident in Berkshire County,
England. The coat of arms: Gyronny
of six argent and gules, a label of five
points azure.
in establishing his right to wear a coat
of arms, for the Irish family is an old
one, the progenitor having settled In
Pennsylvania. But Colonel Irish neg
lected to put in a bid for a distinction
undemocratic and wholly at variance
with the ideas of one who sincerely
despises Fhams and conventionalities
of fashion. So, too, former Governor
Markham, Senator Bard, Thomas
Fitch or Lawyer Preston might estab
lish their rights, for all these^ names
are prominent in the American Peer
age Book, as are also the names of
Bidwell, Cutter, Beale, Barnes and
Scott.
BISHOP NICHOLS REGISTERED.
But the mere presence of a family
name in the Peerage Book does not
signify that all Americans by those
rnrnames are entitled to distinction.
For instance, there are a considerable
number of Smiths in the list and the
book would be completely filled with
Smiths if each were entitled .to the
privilege of registering his name. But
each individual Smith must prove his
right separately and if he is found to
be a direct descendant of Captain John
Smith, mho was saved by the beautiful
Pocahontas, he is the genuine article.
In the roll of honor The Call corre
ppondent found a number of Califor
nlans.
Foremost is the name of the Right
Rev. William Ford Nichols, Bishop of
California, a lineal descendant of Ser
geant Francis Nichols, who settled in
Connecticut in 1639. He came from Lon
don and Ampthill Great Court, Bed
fordshire, and was descended from
King Robert Bruce of Scotland, the
mother of Sergeant Francis being Mar
garet Bruce. General Joseph Wheeler,
formerly a member of Congress from
Alabama and now a general in the
army, is also descended from this stcok
and is very proud of the distinction. He
submitted to the Genealogical Society a
family record as long as his arm duly
attested, showing he is not only de
scended from the Nichols family, but
can trace his ancestry as far back as
the Norman conquest of England, or to
Fir Robert Hoo of Hoo, Kent, who was
knighted in 1000 A. D.
PREPARE FOR THE FALL
Many Complaints Are Being
; Made .That Weather Is Not
Favorable to Retailers
Edwin T. Ward of Los Angeles is re
lated to the Goulds of New York. The
late Jay Gould was of rather humble
origin. He laid the foundation of hia
fortune by peddling mousetraps. But
Jay Gould was not a descendant of any
of the proud families of England or
Continental Europe. Mrs. Gould, how
ever, was descended ' from Andrew
Ward, who settled at Fairchlld, Conn.
George Jay Gould and his sister Anna,
the Countess Boni de Castellane. are
accordingly entered in the peerage
book on account of their mother's pedi
gree. Thus Mrs. Howard Gould, once
an actress well known in California
as Katherlne Clement, Is also entitled
to registry in the Peerage Book. It hap
pens, too, that Captain Ward of Los
Angeles is related to the Goulds, al
though that fact may be unknown even
to himself.
Major Otis Wheeler Pollock, U. S. A.,
of Alameda is a descendant of Charles
Pollock, who came from Renfree and
whose arms were granted in 1672. Coat
of arms: Vert a saltire or, between
three bugle horns argent stringed on
the second; crest: a boar passant quar
terly or, and vert transpierced with an
arrow P. P. R.; motto: "Audacter et
strenue."
Mrs. George Crocker might be enti
tled to the distinction if she took the
trouble to prove her rights as a de
scendant of the old Rutherford fam
ily, who settled in Virginia in 1743.
Captain Gilbert Overton, U. S. A., of
Los Angeles, is a direct descendant of
Isaac Overton, who settled in New York
in 1638. Coat of arms: Azure, a bend
within a "bordure or; crest, on a cha
peau. a martlett sable.
RELATED TO THE GOULDS.
titled to entry, she being a grand
daughter of the late Bishop Kip of
California, for the Kip family is de
scended from Ia,aac Kip, who came
from Alencon. England, in 1657*and set
tled In New York. Coat ;of arms.:
Azure, a chevron or; between two grif
fins, a sejante and confronted in chief,
and a dexter hand couped in point ar
gent; crest, a demlgriffln argent hold-
Ing in his paws a cross.
Twenty claims have been bought by
the Amity Mining and Milling Com
pany In - the Slate range, north of
Randsburg, in Kern County. Operations
will soon begin.
The Kenosha mine, in Nevada.Coun
ty, near Grass Valley, Is now run by
The Amador Ledger says that three
ledges have been encountered In the
vicinity of the Defender mine recently.
The Red Tat>e mine is about to be
operated. The monthly clean up of the
Central Eureka mine Is reported to
amount to $35,000, with a larger margin
of profit than for any previous month-
Men are at work putting in a sand
flume at the' Fremont-Cover mine. No
definite time has been fixed for starting
this mine. The company and the union
-each have men who are watching the
property. *r
Nevada County people are interested
in the* work that is in progress on the
old Red Ledge mine at French Corral.
The Grass Valley Union says that it
looks as if the ledge contains a large
copper deposit, and in part the Union
reports: t
Lode miners are curious to see just what
there is to the Red Ledge. If It Is a copper
mine It Is the biggest thing in copper In
this nart of California. As It Is only one
mile from French Corral that ancient placer
digging camp is In hopes that the development
of . the . Red Ledge will be proeecuted with
vigor. The turfneilng to the mine Is atl done
from the steep slope of the hill, and No. 6
Is at a point about midway between the top
of the hill and the base at the tied of the
South Yuba River. Eventual backs -,can he
had in No. 0 tunnel of from 5CO to 700 feet,
and the physical features of the mine on and
below the surface all favor economical work
ing. . The officers of the South Tuba Mining
end Smelting Company are entertaining over
tures from outside parties for the erection of
a smelter or reduction works suitable for
the ore of the Red Ledge, and from all present
Indications Nevada County, through the Red
Ledge mine, bids fair at no very distant date
to rank as an Important copper producer. -
2 A small portion Of the material which
came down might have been due to dredge .
operation, the actual quantity depending upon
the manner In which the few dredgers In the
bed of the stream were operated.
3. Dredge mining can b« so conducted and
without detriment to the industry as to offer
not the slightest menace to river or to farm-
Ing lands. Supervision by the Debris Commis
sion and certain restrictions to which the
dredgers say they will cheerfully assent will
prevent any deposit going into the stream.
4. The seven dredges now In the stream are
probably operating without material Injury to
the river unless it be demonstrated that the
cobbles and heavy gravel deposited bjr the
"stackers" are moved by flood waters down
stream. No other material Injury certainly
could be ascribed to the operations of the
two river dredges farthest down stream, which
were personally and thoroughly Inspected.
5. The dredges as at present operating leave
behind them an ugly trail of cobbles and
gravel, piled fifteen to twenty feet high. In
the bed of the stream this Is apparently an
advantage, since It provides a barrier of
Ip-egular surface which catches and hold* de>
,poslts from above, brought down In flood sea
son and also holds, permanently imprisoned
below It. the silt and heavy sand which the
dredges themselves take up from the river bed
and which otherwise might be washed down
stream. When working in agricultural land,
however, the dredges turn fertile soil Into a
waste of cobbles which will so remain for
centuries. This undoubtedly will prove In time,
a detriment to communities thus Injured and
to the county through loss or assessable prop
erty. This evil can be ~- remedied if success
attends experiments now being made tor eco
nomically depositing the silt on top of the
cobbles Instead of below them.
A one-third interest In the Mammoth
mine in" Shasta County has' been sold,
so says the Redding Searchlight. Mrs.
Desda "Wallace has parted with her In
terest to John Fllius and Fred G. King.
The "purchasers of the one-third also
have under bond the other two-thirds
of the property. Mrs. Wallace is re
ported to have received for her share
$42,000. The Mammoth mine is a copper
property in the Backbone district. It
Includes 900 acres of land.
COPPER IX /NEVADA.
Several conclusions have been
reached, after a careful investigation
by the Sacramento Bee, of the condi
tions relating to dredger mining and its
effect on the streams below where the
operations are carried on that will be
the subject of more or less discussion.
They are given herewith In brief for
what they may be worth: »
¦ 1~ The deposits of, heavy sand brought down
by the river, this past sea«on could not have
been due in more' than part to dredge mining.
This was sufficiently demonstrated by the ex
istence of similar deposits carried out of the
river at points above where the dredges were
operating. The past was an exceptional fiocui
season and matter was brought down the river
which In ordinary seasons would not have been
disturbed ¦
DREDGER MINE PROBIjEMS.
Two transfers of mining properties in
Nevade County are made public. The
owners of the Blue Tent" mine have
bought from Gilbert Hall the Grizzly
Hill gravel claim, which lies on the
north side of the South Yuba River.
The Canada Hill group of mines has
been sold to J. F. Llttlefleld of San
Francisco. This group was owned by
George C. Gaylord. The properties are
collectively known as the Charconnet
mine. According to the Graes Valley
Union, work will soon be resumed at
the Charconnet. The property was first
acquired by L. Charconnet and his sons
in 1878. Under the managemeni of the
Charconnets the operations were quite
extensive.
In six months after they took posses
sion they earned enough, so it is locally
reported, to pay for the sinking of an
Incline 250 feet in depth, to erect hoist
ing works and a ten-stamp mill, and
prior to 1887 they took out 20,000 tons
of excellent ore. When the formation
was reached that was unprofitable to
work with the mining processes that
were then in vogue, operations were
suspended. The present deal and the
operations that are promised would
seem to Indicate that the expectation
Is that more economical methods will
yield profit.
The Grand Vein mine, a ledge prop
erty, was worked for a time by a
French company, and a tunnel was run
1200 feet and hoisting works were
erected, but work was suspended on
account of the heavV flow of water.
The Grand ledge, which is Included in
the properties, is reported to be of low
grade ore. There are two hoisting rigs
on the property, one being on the Char
connet mine and the other on the
Grand. They are connected by a pipe
line running from a reservoir below
the South Yuba ditch. Large figures
are given by the Nevada County papers
concerning the money that has been
taken from the Charconnet. To ascer
tain how much remains of treasure de
posits will now be the work In hand
for the new owners of the property.
Concerning the Grizzly Hill property,
the Nevada County Miner says in part:
The Grizxly Hill was operated to some ex
tent In early times by the hydraulic process.
The new owners will work" It by the drifting
process, and It Is admirably tltuated In regard
to tunnel and millsites Clifford Graham, the
superintendent of the Blue Tent mine, will
have the general direction of the development
In connection with Mr. Canfleld.
Continued From Page 1. Column 7.
STORY OF PAWNBKOKER
Th« production for the year 1903 amounted
to 1.814.434 ton* aa compared with 1.419.4S3
tons In 1902. Exportatlons In 1900 amoanteil
to 1.SS1.1I2 tons, as compared with 1.5O4.4T3
tons In 1902. The deliveries for consumption
In 1903 amounted to 1.U1.374 tons, aa com
pared with 1.420.041 tons In 1902. If the eon
sumption In February, March and April or tho
current year should be equal to that In the.
corresponding months of last year the con
sumption In the "nitrate year" 1903-4 will be
1.630,013 tons. The total of the quotas as
¦lirned to the several works to January 31.
1904. amounts- to 2.249.50*i tons, and there are
eight new works In course of construction, the
product of which will equal 405,000 tons, mak
ing a total for the next nitrate year of 2.634.
500 tons. It Is noted that the majority of the
operators of the new nitrate works and "offl
clnas" being established In the "pampa" ar«
Germans.
In view of what yet may b« realized
from nitrate deposits In this State the
following figures, taken from the quar
terly report of the association that con
trols the nitrate output of Chile, have
interest:
According to the Treka Journal the
clnnibar mines near Garretsons Sprlng3
are turning out a large quantity of ore.
The mines are operated by two wealthy
Oregon widows, who hire men to do
the work. Retorts that were construct
ed by the California Consolidated
Quicksilver Mining Company some
years ago are utilized. The hydraulic
mine at the Pinery Is operating, and
the Fernandez & Co. hydraulic mine at
the lower end of Cherry Creek has been
worked steadily this season, with an
abundance of water to facilitate Its op
eration. The "Wright. & Fletcher and
the Eastlick hydraulic mines near Oro
Fino are running night and day.
From correspondents In Alaska th*
Mining and Scientific Press has re
ceived the following statements :
L. H French »nd W. J. Scanhra of N«w
York hit* son* to Nom« with tlxty h»*d of
hones, six cowi and »erer»l hundred ton» ot
mining machinery. They are engaged In min
ing operations, owning fourteen miles of cJalma
on both »lde» of Solomon River, near Nome
City. Manager French «ays. employing 100
men at $5 a day and board, they -will bund s
ditch to take water from Solomon River. They
have heretofore tried lUam ihovel*. convey
on and other devices.
CINN'IBAR IN* SISKIYOU.
Operations have been begun by th*
Trinity Gold Dredging Company, near
Lowden's ranch, on the Trinity River.
The plant will probably be in opera
tion in October. The Schwartz group of
mines, on Rattlesnake Creek, has been
bonded by F. C. Mecktl, H. I* Knowles
and "W. B. Wilson.
Hydraullcking has begun at the Old
Run mine, In Plumas County, near
Emigrant Hill, under permit of the De
bris Commission. Mines are being de
veloped at the Granite Basin and Bucks
Ranch camps.
electric power. An electric plant will
be put in the Darling mine, in El Do
rado County. The mine is near George
tewn.
Absence of Nan Randolph's
Brother-ih-Law Delays In
quiry Into Young's Death
Dealers Show Confidence
Despite Unusually Slow
• and Dull Trade* Conditions
Wealth Counts for Nothing and, but Few
Names of Millionaires Will Appear in
the New Registry When It Is Published
The Properties Have Records for Yielding
Good Returns and They May Yet Pay
> Well—Conclusions Relating to Dredging
WITNESS SMITH
STILL MISSING
BUSY FUTURE
IS EXPECTED
PEERAGE BOOK CAUSES
STIR IN THE SOCIAL SET
U. S. SECRET
SERVICE MEN
CATCH STUART
NEVADA COUNTY MINES
CHANGE THEIR OWNERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALU SATURDAY, JUNE U, 190^
| Hogarth was fond of Joke books and
; farces and enjoyed tttem immoderate
ly- - • t . •; ' ..¦ • • -¦ ' •'
Dr. Claudlo Pinllla, who took a
prominent part in the settlement of tho
kcre . Question, has been made. Min
ister of Foreign Affairs in Bolivia. )
4
i TO MEET THE POPUI/AIt
DE3IAND.
The CALL again offers to San*
. day want ad. patrons /
THE PERFECT CAN OPENER
' An unexcelled premium.
The latest and most Improved
« > article of this kind on .
'-. - *¦ the market.
! GIFTS 'GIVEN. TO-DAY
\ to want advertisers In
v SUNDAY EDITION. ' .
' ADVEBTISEME2JTS.
? one order to one family I
h To introduce our Quality Gro-H
HcprifK we offer this Special Coai-ll
Kj blnatlon No. Til} for JJ5S.OO: .0
Sfe; V> lbs. bert Granulated Cace . :fk
¦f] Sugar. whtt« and dry ft 1.<K|«3
f,. :s ;i>k. new !»n y head Table . Sjf
W| Rice, very btst 1.0o9
M 10 lb. pail pure Leaf Lard, Rext 9
U or Swift fJ.lOM
m 5 lb» fancy English Breakfast - ! a
P- f-j.'.dfr I>rg or Ceylon Tea... 2.50] |
IB 5 lbc Mocha an«J Java Coff*«, fl
h roart or ground, none better. 1 «5O;fl
B 5 Ib*. pure Haking Powder. 9
h Eastern "Cream" j^iS
B Every Item guaranteed — money back S
1 JITHS' CASH STORE, INC.l
U 25 Starket St.. S. I". tfj
EX Pfcone us— Exchange 560. H
Hundreds •
of high-grade grocers sell
Pp|5] Golden
£3 Gate
HjggSil. Coffee-
Your grocer is one of them—
ask him. '
Sold on Merit
No prizes, * No coupons.
X A FOLGER& CO.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
ViOTQ &BUSWU OpportUtllti t% ¦tH', III
economical ud uaifictory journey to
ChicagodEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leavo
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
1 Choice of routes.
tat fcn infonaiSon apply to m adii—
R.R.RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTK. !
Ccofent Atnt. C*nl Agent P«m'i O«pt*
CMcagoi North- WeXeraKy. Union Pacific R. R.
617 Market St. No. 1 Montcamcry St.
SAX FRANCISCO, CAU. ;
Woman
/l^ v3 A\^\ \\\ \ I* Interested ami shook! know
Kra®teMll MARVEL Whirling Spr«y
VvSv^CiSC^V. tionand S»rt,on. Krst-Saf-
NfcvJ* <^-T3 -^Tita^fc. Mi-Mmi Convenient.
If he r*nnoi supply the V.. ZRfiySSCv^v
J1IIHKI,. mxt 1 1 no N«P*% '-'^K>r«—
<>lh»r, 1> ;i vml atimp for «L. #" ¦''% '\*
Illn-tnttMlNx'li-M'al'rf. IttlTO* Y) / ¦'"' «J
fall particular* anil tMr«-tinn< In- K.' / J
| TJiln:il>li» to ls<! <m JIAUUXCO.,^/. , J
I 4 1 1'ark U*«, Sew k *rk. ~— iii'iHii
j 1&3 New Uoctsomery. San Francisco. Wat
William Hatteroth (Ladiea' D«pt.). 224 Sutter.
L'nlon Drug Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
! Qsguod Brothers... Tth and Broadway. Oakland
! Baldwin Pharmacy 119 Kiln
()v»3it DR. JORDAN'S great d
dQOSEUH OF AHflTOHYJ
Q £\& lttllU2X£TC;.tet.8:*ft?:k,3.r.Cil.0
\ fcf Tho Lttnil Asatoaical M-weum «t»<\
Q wtSK^ . Wot'i WtUuMi or any c «r»ci-<t Q
6C; "itN disel-e fu4ll«rl; rumil i.y the e»l»le»t "
A^-JJlij 4peci» i»« .» it>« Cci»- l-.ic. jDvon. O
A /IC^V A DC. JCKDAH-O'SEASES CF MEN A
\ r($i?;$g Corwltiiioa rre» «nj «tv< i\j printt. \
0 n yVi H Tremmtr.t prri.naiy r>r bj «ner. A 0
\ 1 1 Y \l U '**"'¦* Cw« i;i e»trv cue uiuUtrakca. T
uPi 11A 'v rt «f.w n ok *Mai«.o«*oi»aT»r /j
V • II \y» "J «.:«« l. ».;»•.. MAiLas raas. U\
.\ ii li T»iuahie boo* lo* Km) A
V DO. JUHZIAS ct CO.. 1031 M»rkrt8t.& T. VThe gold contained in . the medals,
vessels, chains and other objects pre
served in the Vatican would make more
gold money than the whole of the pres
ent European circulation.
A full course: Sunday dinner may be
cooked, at home in a few. minutes by .'se
lecting one of the menus in the- new
book on menus issued by 8.F. Gas and
Electric . Co. . and now ' being distributed
by their- heating department. , •
The' Increase In the cost of living, as
a whole. In 1902, ; when compared : with
the year of lowest prices, 190S, was not
more than 16.1 percent
In the number of cattle Texas equals
that of all the States cast of her and
south of the' Ohio and the Potomac,
while the value of her stock exceeds
theirs by more than $36,000,000.
This is salmon fishing tlma In Monterey Bay
and many fishermen who enjoy this . exciting
sport are at Hotel del Monte. ' Here is a novel
vacation, offering a peculiar combination of at
tractions ¦ The salmon fisherman may Ieav«
his wife and family at the hotel In the enjoy
ment of every comfort while he spends hla days
In ancllng luxury on the bay. Already many
have taken advantage of, this chance for an
outing and others are planning the trip. Del
Monte Is more popular than ever this season
with golf, bowling, tennis, automoblling rid
ing, driving; and fishing as tbe chief allure
ments, tfltgjtfflg *
Salmon Fishing at Monterey.
Bookmaker Dies of Typhoid Fever.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 10.— I. H.
Thomas, a bookmaker, who came East
with the racing people from Oakland
six Weeks ago, is dead in 'this city .of
typhoid fever, . aged 20 years." It is
said that he was well known on the
California tracks and that his parents^
in Colorado, are wealthy. ,
Patrick Fltzpatrlck, a laborer em
ployed by the . Santa Fe Railroad
Company, while at work in a ditch at
Eighteenth and Minnesota streets yes
terday was caught In a landslide and
imprisoned up. to his neck by falling
debris. ,It required th(e assistance V of
a dozen of his companions before he
was extricated from his perilous posi
tion.
Caught in a Landslide.
The entertainment and ball given
last night in" Scottish Hall by the
Gaelic Pipers' Club brought out a
large crowd and the affair was a great
success socially . and financially.. After
a diversified programme consisting of
vocal., and music and
Gaelic dances the floor was cleared
and dancing was Indulged In until a
late. hour.. James Barry,' chairman of
the committee of arrangements,' acted
as' master, of ceremonies, and J. P.
Kelleher ''officiated as floor manager.
The Pipers' Club is affiliated with the
Gaelic. League of California arTd was
organized 'one year ago for the study
of Gaelic music- The affair last night
was the first that has been" held under
the auspices of/the club since its or
ganization and the attendance was
most gratifying to the management.
Following is the programme: .
r Selections, ' Gaelic Pipers* Club: song. P. H.
.Edmlnater; Irish hornpipe, J. O'Connor, P.
/Lynch: '" vocal solo. . Miss Katie Flynn; Irish
hornpipe," J.--" P. Kelleher, J. O'Oonnell: (a)
frur-hand reel. Misses Jessie and Hazel Allen,
Messrs Kelleher and O'Connell; (b) Irish jig.
Misses Heesle ': and - Hazel Allen; vocal ¦: solo.
Master , Ryan: : bagpipe selections, Professor
John Cummlnga; hornpipe, Percy Lonergan;
selections,' Gaelic Pipers' Club.
GAELIC PIPERS' CLUB
• - GIVES ITS FIRST BALL
The Wild Goose railway, seven miles
long, from Nome to Anvil Creek, earn
ed its to;al first cost v.ithin thirty days
of its opening, and shows increased
earning each year.
But two days remain before the
close of the Carnival and Street Fair
of the Foresters of America at
Eleventh and Market streets and Im
mense crowds are looked for to-day
and Sunday. This afternoon is to be
given to the pupils of- the public
schools and a special rate of 6 cents
has been announced for them. To
morrow as a fitting close to* the car
nival and to afford the laboring classes
an opportunity to participate in the
festivities' the management has de
cided to allow' the labor unions of the
city the. freedom of the grounds. A
special display of fireworks will be
given and several new free acts in
the grand court have been secured.
Yesterday afternoon the orphan
asylums sent a large delegation of
children as the guests of the Foresters
and the little folks spent a pleasant
afternoon viewing the attrac
tions/ The Native Sons crowded the
grounds last night and this evening
the Mystic Shrinerst^are. expected to
make a grand pilgrimage to the car
nival. , .
Last Day of the Popular Fair Will
Be Turned Over to the Labor
Unions of the City.
FORESTERS' CARNTVAIj IS
TO CLOSE SUXDAY NIGHT
United States Secret Service Agent
Haren was very well pleased yesterday
T.hcn he learned that Edward Peterson,
alias Henry Peterson, alias Harry Ran
dall, had been sentenced in the Supe
rior Court to serve a sentence of five
years in the penitentiary at Folsom
upon a plea of guilty of burglary.
When Poterson was arrested by the
police some weeks ago for this crime
Agent Hazen went to the City Prison
and identified 1 him as the leader of a
gans of. counterfeiters who had been
operating in this city and who had
been scattered by the Secret Service
Jnen. One of the gang was C. W. Cal
lan. v.ho was arrested by Hazen, and
who is now serving a three-year term
cf imprisonment at San Qucntin for
counterfeiting.
Hrary Peterson, Associate of Counter
feiter CaJlan, Goes to Folsom Pen
itentiary for Five Years.
Judge i oss yesterday ordered the
arrest in Los Angeles of Max New
berry for contempt of court in falling
to pay his wife alimony.
.Complaints for divorce were filed
by May Roland vs. Adfrlph Roland,
charging desertion and neglect; Jos
eph 'i>. Hayden vs. Letitla Hayden,
cruelty and intemperance; James 3.
Purdy vs. Addle E. M. Purdy, deser
tion; Helen B. Ellenburg vs. Frederick
W. Ellenburg. cruelty and deSertion.
Pending the trial of his suit for di
vorce, it was yesterday ordered that
Marcus B. Dye pay, his wife Mary $25
a month alimony and 550 attorney's
fees. ¦
! Edith Partello Madden's appHcation
to the Superior Court for an order
j compelling her husband to provide her
¦with additional funds was yesterday
taken under submission by Hebbard.
The petition was opposed by Captain
John F. Madden, who averred that he
had already paid $100 attorneys* fees
for his wife, and Is paying her $100 a
month pending the decision of his suit.
He declares that he is receiving $1*0
per month as a captain a.nd 520 addi
! tional for acting as adjutant. He say3
he needs his income. Hi averj that
Mrs. Madden does not need more
money in order to obtain affidavits.
On Thursday Judge Troutt, after
I hearing the /testimony behind ciosed
I doors and taking the case under sub
! mission, granted an interlocutory de
cree of divorce to Leo J. Marks from
j his wife Estelle Marks on the ground
! of infidelity. Last September young
Marks was married to Estelle Murphy
by J. J. Murray, City Recorder of Sun
Rafael, but soon after the . ceremony
was performed he placed his com
plaint in the hands of an attorney and
departed tor the East, where ha haa
since remained.
Yesterday divorces were granted oy
Judge Troutt to Josephine Stobing
from William Stobing, cruelty and In
temperance; by Judge Graham to
James E. King from Anna J. King, in
temperance; by Judge Murasky to
Emily F. Dunne from John M. Dunne,
cruelty. \
Opposes Petition for More Funtls With
Which to Defend Divorce
BECRET SERVICE 3IEX
SAVED SO3IE TROUBLE
MADDEX DECLARES HE NEEDS
MONEY FOR HIS SUPPORT
The Fire Commissioners at their
meeting yesterday rendered a decision
on the case of the men attached to
Company No. 30. located on Waller
street. In -view of the conflicting evi
dence at the Investigation all- of the
men were exonerated except Hoseman
Charles Tyson, who was accused of
entering saloons while on duty. He
was ordered transferred to another
company.
Firemen Exonerated.
To-morrow the electrical workers of
this city and vicinity will hold their
third annual picnic at Schuetzen Park.
An Interesting programme has been
arranged for the affair, which is ex
pected to attract a large attendance.
Rudolph Speck, secretary of the
brewery drivers' union, is reported
missing from his office and his home.
With his - sudden disappearance It Is
said a shortage in his accounts was dis
covered amounting to 53000. The exact
amount cannot be positively ascer
tained,-because of the. secretion or. de
struction of his books. His method of
getting away with the funds- of the
union, it Is said, was in substituting
due stamps printed In this city instead
of using the regular stamps furnished
from the Eastern association office.
Gus Frankel has been appointed secre
tary pro tern.
Yesterday was a day, of quiet and
order about the Southern Pacific
freight sheds on Townsend street. The
situation remains about the same, the
company having - all the non-union
men it desires at the present time, i-nd
the work of loading and unloading
cars.though hampered by unskilled la
bor, is proceeding under -. police protec
tion^ Few of the striking freight
handlers were ; in evidence, and those
that went around the sheds conducted
themselves in an orderly manner.
The members of the Stable and Car
riage Owners' Association, failing to
secure from the. Police Commission the
requisite number of drivers' licenses,
have decided to fill the positions on the
boxes of \* their vehicles themselves.
Twenty carriages, dViven by their own
ers, were sent out yesterday. and it is
claimed that more will be sent out^f
needed. To meet an emergency a num
ber of the carriage firms may llnd it
necessary to take in a. few more part
ners, but in doing so they will save tlw
expense of a driver's license.
President ? Richard Cornelius of the
Carmen's Union has returned from a
visit to the East, whither he went sev
eral weeks ago In company with W. D.
Mahon, president of the national or
ganization. He was accorded a warm
welcjme by hlsfellow-workingmen on
his return. . . .
• The carmen's union has donated $5
to the striking hackm'en and 510 to the
locked-out men in. Stockton.
First Vice, President C. E. Schmidt
of the Amalgamated Meatcutters* and
Butcher Workmen of North America
has arrived here with a view of estab
lishing headquarters oh this coast,
possibly in' this city. Last night he ad
dresseda meeting of the Labor Council
on the" condition of the craft in the
East. ;'.'^V ¦¦:'.:;,>¦',«,
Southern "Growers Will Make Best of
Tariff, Which Will Expire Next
Wednesday.
SAX DIEGO. June 10. — Although
the lemon market is not In a very
satisfactory condition In the East,
local shippers are rushing fruit to the
market to take advantage of the low
rate, which will expire next Wednes
day.
The rate is now 84 cents a box and
it will be raised Wednesday to $1 05.
the difference of '21 cents being quite
an item to the growers.
SHIPPING LEMON'S WHILE
LOW RATE IS IX FORCE
freight Handlers and Kail
road"Company Still Firm
in Respective Demands
I would like to tabulate the requirements of
an actor's art as follows: First, character;
second the management of hly career; third.
to keep himself simple nn<l natural; fourth,
alertness, watching the actions of life; fifth.
Incessant work.
Granting an actor Is innately one and has
the natural gifts of a pleasing appearance,
magnetism, and Inspiration — what then? I
would place character at the head of the re
quirements for stage success. A great man
character Is a gentleman at h«-art. He < will
live In a plane of high thinking and low liv
ing. He will have sane methods; he will
breathe a good personality over the footlights:
he will take pleasure In the simple things of
life, and will aid the drama on the road to
ennoblement. Character is the essence that
defies temptation, laxity and-. the diversions
that are the pitfalls. Character will Instill
concentration. To keep one's self "simple and
fresh and young at heart Is the duty of the
actor, Rnd sanity, health and that feeling Ib
sen expresses aa "the Joy of life" are th<j
things our drama will always need. " .
The management of his career ts as great a
necessity to an actor as are his natural gifts
¦ s an artist. There are theme who. In their
dreamy search for the artistic, overlook the
practical *Me of life, the part that Is neces
sary for . all men to keep strictly In view.
There is a debit and credit Fide to every man's
career. It Is necesBary for him to keep a sort
of set of, spiritual books, keep his balance. If
possible, always oa the side of profit. An
actor's career !» his stock In trade. It Is the
merchandise 'with which he loads his ehelf.
It is hln very work. It Is the thing he Is to
get his credit from. • It represents hln toll. It Is
well to take an Inventory of his career very
often to see where h» has succeeded — to note
where he has failed. When one has done
this one will lenrn at once the value of Integ
rity, without which success In no walk of life
can be gained.
There has been much ado at certain time*
over what has been termed the artificiality of
the actor's art — a cry that he leads an unnat
ural life, that his whole life's' work consists
in dissembling and assuming a thing which is
net. Well, what of all that? Th« painter does
not plac; upon hi* canvas the real effects of
the sky; the sculptor simply reproduces - th<i
pose of life. Insenseless marble; the orator
commands thought through figments of speech ;
the actor's art calls for him In his own per
son to become a thing which exists at first
merely in his brain, but that Is his art — to
make unrealities, real, to simulate nature so
well that It seems nature — these. are the dif
ficulties always to be borne foremost in mind
and to bend the energies ppon an ability to
create a perfect illusion, If one would endeavor
to succeed. • ' '
CHARACTER IS NECESSARY.
I have always contended that the actor's
art embraces all the other arts. • ¦ In his own
being he brings out the effects aimed at In
the color emotions of the painter. In the prose
emotions of the sculptor, In the thought emo
tions of the writer. In the soul emotions of
the poet. In the magnetic emotions of the ora
tor. He Incorporates the«e In a composite
whole In bin work and reflects them In him
self. The laws of success In each of these
branches of art enter of a necessity Into, the
art of the actor.
INCLUDES ALL ARTS.
The drama, now enlisting the earnest atten
tion of all. classes of material, conditions and
mental capacity, enrolling In Its devotees the
best thought and energies of the thousands,
has become a force that is dally . being reck
oned with more and more.' How to succeed as
an actor, how to pay the warmest tribute to
tha drama, bow to give to the public the
greatest results of the actor's efforts, are sub
jects worthy of close attention from the best
minds. • • ¦¦.»•
• Edward H. Sothern, the noted actor,
who is to appear In this city next week,
was recently asked the following ques
tion: "Provided an actor has the or
dinary accomplishments of a well-bred
person, what must he do to climb to
the top of the profession?" In reply
Mr. Sothern answered In part as fol
lows:
In every profession, trade, occupation, to
whatever man lays his hands or utilizes his
brain and energy, to whatever is worth while,
the question of how. to achieve. the highest
possible result, to vi« with some master, to
succeed, la to-day the all-engrossing thought
of men and women.
STRIKE DEVOID
OF INCIDENTS
Following the luncheon was a recep
tion at the White House in honor of
the Commissioners. More than 60(T
persons called. The callers were re
ceived by the President and Mrs.
Roosevelt in the blue room.
WASHINGTON. June 10.— The Phil
ippine Commissioners were at the War
Department to-day, and there were
several speeches made. In the course of
his remarks Secretary Taft said that
if President Roosevelt was elected he
(the Secretary) would make a tour of
inspection of the islands. He also said
that he believed that legislation which
was pending in Congress and which
was greatly needed would be parsed In
some modified form during the coming
winter. The Secretary made many
humorous allusions to his experience in
the islands. He assured the delegates
that the people of the United States
were much interested. in the progress
and welfare of tbe people of the Philip
pine Islands. Dr. Tavara responded to
the Secretary's remarks and said sev
eral complimentary things about the
administration of Governor Taft in the
Philippines.
President and Mrs. Roosevelt enter
tained at an elaborate luncheon this
afternoon the members of the honorary
board of Filipino Commissioners. The
marine band furnished a specially ar
ranged programme of music during the
luncheon.
SAN DIEGO. June 10.— The consti
tutionality of the local liquor ordinance,
which has been particularly stringent
in some particulars, through the in
fluence of the local purity league. Is
to be tested in the Supreme Court.
Elmer Pigeon was arrested for per
mitting women to visit his saloon. He
was held by the Chief of Police and
an application for a writ of habeas
corpus was made in the Supreme
Court this morning.
Activity of Purity League Forces
Saloon 3Icn to Appeal to
tbe Courts.
SAN DIEGO'S IJQUOR
LAW nnO BE TESTED
The winter output was half of that
with only two large boilers in use.
Many more are now being taken in by
steamers. Chisholm says Tanana has
thirty ml^es of traced pay streak and
the camo la sure to be permanent.
Fairbanks, deary. Goldstream and
Esther are the richest creeks.
Chena and Fairbanks both have
newspapers. Eggs are $50 per case
and fiour is $10 per sack.
TACOMA. June 10. — The steamer
Monarch reaching Dawson yesterday
was the first to arrive this season
from Tanana. She brought only one
passenger from Fairbanks, Archie
Chisholm. who Is coming out to buy
machinery. He estimates the season's
output at half a million dollars.
Million Dollars and That Coun
try Is Rich.
Miner Sajs the Output Is Half a
GLOWING REPORTS COME
FROM TASASA CAMP
Assures Philippine Commis
sioners of Our Interest
in the New Possessions
. Brigadier General Frederick "un
stori, commanding the Department, of
the Columbia, arrived at the Occiden
tal yesterday from Kansas City, where
he has been visiting for several weeks.
He left for the north last evening.
Marion de Vries. former Congress
man from Stockton and now a mem
ber of the United States General
Board of Appraisers, arrived from
New York yesterday and Is registered
at the Palace. He has come West to
visit his parents.
William H. Avery. general superin
tendent of the Toyo Kisen Xaisha
Steamship Company, and his -;vife de
parted this morning on a trip abroad.
Mr. Avery will go direct to New York,
where he and other officials of his
company are to meet President E. H.
Harrlman of the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company In connection wUh fu
ture trans-Pacific steamship business.
Mrs. Leslie Carter, the actress, ar
rived from the East yesterday and is
registered at the Palace.
William George Bayne of Shanghai,
head of the North China Insurance
Company, arrived at the Palace yes
terday. \
Dr. L P. Hall of Dixon is at the
Grand.
R. H. Smith, an oil man of Coallnga,
Is at the Grand.,
O. McIIe'nry. a banker of Modesto,
is at-the Occidental.
Dr. and Mrs. W. F. Huddel of Mem
phis are at the Palace.
L. J. Rose Jr.. a fruit man of Ox
nard, is at the Palace.
Paul A. Brizard, a mining man of
Phoenix, is at the Lick.
Rev. S. R. Hoare of New York ia
registered at the Palace. /
H. P. Stabler, a fruit man of Yuba
City, 'is staying at the Lick. V".-.;
David M. Dunne, a prominent man
of affairs of Portland, Or., la at the
Palace.
PERSONAL*
• In the letter Stickney said that ow
ing to the unfortunate condition of bis
wife, her mind being sadly deranged,
he had determined to kill her and him
self, as he desired to go with her. He
further stated that he left his ranch
to a sister living in the East.
Professor Stickney was highly edu
cated and had good recommendations
from several colleges and universities.
He was connected at one time with
various mines in the capacity of min
ing engineer.
The Coroner's Jury found that both
shots were inflicted by the husband
while he was temporarily insane.
MOUNTAIN VIEW, June 10.— C.
Wade Stickney of this place shot and
killed his wife* early this morning and
then slew himself.' , The tragedy has
shocked the community, as both were
people of refinement and very popu
lar. Stickney had been despondent
about the health of his wife. Efforts
here to restore her health having failed,
she went East some time ago. Re
cently she returned, but her condition
showed no Improvement. This fact
evidently preyed on the mind of her
husband and drove him to the rash
act.
.This morning about 4 o'clock her con
dition was such that her physician was
called. About 7 o'clock a neighbor vis
ited the house and found both dead. A
pistol and a note, writtenJiy Stickney,
told the story of the tragedy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QI7ENT1N. June 10.— Francesca
Ochoa, who murdered Marie Barrera
at Bakersfleld in 1S99. was executed
this morning at 9:30 o'clock. Ochoa as
cended the scaffold and when the noose
was brought to him ho thrust his head
through the loop. Such an act has
never before been seen at this prison.
The trap waa sprung at 9:23. Ochoa
waa not pronounced dead until 9:45:30.
This la the longest time any on-j exe
cuted at the prison has lingered. Usu
ally the heart stops beating within ten
minutes.
Rev. Father Valentini of SausaJlto
attended the condemned man In the
death chamber and also* administered
consolation upon the gallows. •
Ochoa' s remains were buried In the
prison cemetery.
- Ochoa was 40 years old and had been
an Inmate of the condemned row since
October, 1S99. He was to have been ex
ecuted May 27. Governor Pardee grant
ed a reprieve until to-day, but further
Intervention was denied.
FOLSOM, June 10.— Hinaka, a Japan
ese murderer, was executed at 10:15
this morning. His neck was broken
and he was dead after ten and a quar
ter minutes. He went bravely to the
gallows and had nothing to say except
to bid the warden and a few friends
good -by. He seemed satisfied to die
because in doing the murders for which
he was put to death he had tha revenge
he sought.
Since that time D'Montlspan has re
sided in luxury at the Baden resort.
The proferred hospitality of the wo
man was not refused and his bene
factress basked In the sunshine of his
emJles and found contentment in his
company. Yesterday she found she had
Jost in a game of folly. The French
xr.an had flown and with him went all
cf her precious belongings. Her apart
ments had been ransacked. The Jewelry
that had survived the sale for his lib
erty was gone and even the pawn
tickets were net overlooked. The child
accompanied its father. .
Now Mrs. Hodges cries vengeance.
Ehe eays that her loss will figure in
the thousands and she wants the thief
prosecuted. Detectives Bunner and
Freel were detailed by Captain Martin
to apprehend him. The Etory Is told at
police headquarters that D'Montispan
has a wife living in Texas, but that he
deserted her some time ago. His father
is president of a network of railroads
In France and Switzerland and is rated
as being one of the most wealthy men
in Paris.
Sirs. Kate Hodges, proprietress of a
summer resort at Baden, tells the tale
of mercy given and of a rude awaken
ing. At the Hall of Justice last night
•he assumed a much different atti
tude toward the handsome French
man than when she visited the place
en previous occasions to cheer his
hours behind prison bars and to plead
his innocence to the authorities. This
time the asked sympathy for herself
;when she mentioned the theft of sev
eral thousand dollars' worth of gems
6-r.d other chattels and Invoked the
Strong arm of the law In placing the
accused thief in the dungeon from
jrhich she had once rescued him.
Mrs. Hodges met D'Montispan shortly
before he was arrested In this city on
a charge of burglary. He was good to
look upon, suave of manner, bore
&ir cf refinement and satisfied his
claim to noble birth and gentle rear-
Ing. Besides he had a little girl on
whom he showered much tenderness
fend all these circumstances tended to
ttlr up pity and affection in the heart
cf the Baden woman. When D'Monti-
Epan was accused of crime she went
to his aid. caring for his little daugh
ter and offering her Jewels for sale
that he might be free again.
Many times she visited him In the
City Prison, offering words of hope
and when she was away from him her
energies were bent on securing his re
lease. Jewel after Jewel went to the
pawnshop until the sum became suffi
cient for the purpose of his defense,
but she felt gladness at her sacrifice
•when a technicality of the law came to
the prisoner's rescue and he walked
from the court room a free man.
Allan E. d'Montlspan, scion of
French nobility, outcast son of the
president of one of the greatest Euro
pean railway eystems and a former
sergeant major in the United States
army, has turned rogue in the fold of
his friends. The luxury that a. woman
bestowed upon him when he was In
seed and the assistance she rendered
in keeping him without prison walls
•eems only to have been rewarded with
deepest ingratitude and the pride of his
noble lineage proved no barrier to the
touch of crime.
The case is the second to be brought
under the law enacted by the last Leg
islature making it illegal to import
strike-breakers into any district by
false representations. Ackerman 3ent
men from San Francisco to Randsburg
during the strike at the. Yellow Aster.
BAKERSFIEL.D, June 10.— The Ack
erman case was thrown out of^ court
this afternoon on the ground thaj the
information was defective. The three
witnesses for the prosecution, who
failed to appear, and whom the defend
ant looked up and had arrested in San
Francisco, were in court to-day and
pleaded that they had been without
funds to come here. Judge Barnett ac
cepted the excuse and allowed them
to go.^ , 1 '¦• ¦¦«","¦¦•¦
When the case was dismissed Attor
new Matthew S. Plat* made a sensa
tional statement to the effect that It
his clients "could not get Justice in the
courts they would have to take the
law Into their own hands." Attorney
McGowan replied to the statement,
denouncing the attorney's remarks In
strong terms. Platz represented the
Western Federation of Miners, of
which organization he is an honorary
member.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TAFT DELIVERS
KINDLY SPEECH
SAN JOSE. June 10.— A platform on
which 400 children were seated on
Victory Theater stage gave way dur
ing a rehearsal this afternoon. The
entire chorus was thrown to the floor.
That some were not killed Is almost
miraculous. About a dozen of the chil
dren were injured, but none seriously.
Edith Tran was cut about the face, and
Minnie Wlthrow received bruises and
cuts on one of her limbs. The rest of
the children hurt received only bumps
and scratches.
Frank Stevens, a stage hand, received
a fracture of the skull by being struck
by some of the timbers. A panic was
only averted by the presence of mind
of Milton L. Lawrence, who was di
recting the rehearsal. He succeeded In
quieting the children.
The rehearsal was for a children's
concert to be given in aid of the Home
of Benevolence. They had Just finished
the rehearsal and were about to leave
their seats when the crash came. The
concert was successfully given this
evening.
Special Dlf patch to Th« Call,
Actions of Condemned Man
as He Faces Death Amaze
Officials^ of the Prison
Husband Leaves Note Saying
Illness of Helpmeet Is
More Than He Can Bear
Accident Occurs When Four
Hundred Little Folk Are
Rehearsing for a Concert
Intimates That Vigilance
Methods 31ay Be Used
by Clients When Law Jails
MAN IS BADLY INJURED
Mrs. Kate Hodges, Who Aided
Frenchman toLiberty.Now
Poses as His Victim'
BOBS HIS BENEFACTRESS
PUTS HEAD IX NOOSE
COUNSEL SHOWS ANGER
SICKNESS THE CAUSE
Murderer Ascends Scaffold
and Unflinchingly Pays
Penalty for His Crime
Allan E. d ? Montispan, Son of
Wealthy Bailway Magnate
and Xobleman, Is Accused
C. Wade Stickney of Moun
tain View, While Troubled,
Commits Double Tragedy
Dismissal of ; Ackerman Case
in" Bakersfield Provokes
a Sensational. Climax
Improvised Seats in San
Jose Theater Collapse and
Many Receive Bruises
REPAYS CHARITY
WITH THIEVERY
ATTORNEY U SES
STRONG WORDS
STAGING FALLS;
CHILDREN HURT
OCHOA ASSISTS
THE HANGMAN
SLAYS WIFE
AND HIMSELF
THE \ SAN FRANOISCU :CA1.U sjVjl'UxvjJA i , Jj UiVlv,; il;. ; iiAtel
Histrionic- Master Tells How the Soul^ Trans
forms Substance^tp Shadow -by .the Inter
pretation of .."; Nature ,True Insight
ACTOR SOTHERN TALKS
OF MAXIMS OF HIS ART
5
E. II.- SOTHERN. THE FAMOUS ACTOR.
WHO VTUA* BE SEEN IN THIS CITY
NEXT WEEK. , '
BEGAL SHOES.
J^egal Oxfords fit at the heel and
ankle like gloves,
jx You can put them on when
ii||k you buy them and wear
"->..¦ them all day with comfort
I^P^^^^P^^^^^fc shape even longer than you
CTBHBKto«b^^^PS^^ will care to wear them.
Ws&mBs&s^SSm^ You 'u never have that
unwmforteble "all-feet"
feeling which comes
other newest never " gape " at the
custom styles sides— and for the
fords Cgal ° X " same reason never
No "slack" leather, no wrinkling, no slipping up and
down at the heel
You can pay all sorts of prices for Oxford shoes; but,
honestly: — every cent you pay over $3.50 might be put to
better use. A trial wiU prove it
Sand for Stylo Boo5c«M ail OWUtt promptly <Ulo&
There are 72 Regal Stores. 25 of them in Greater New York, where the styles
originate. The new styles are on sale at our San Francisco Store at the sunn
time as in the New York Stores.
Women's Regal Shoes embody all the latest custom designs of
leading bootmakers of New York, London and Paris. 90 nezv
styles-^-one price.
SAN FRANCISCO MEN'S STORE. Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts.
WOMEN'S STORE. Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REGULAR PRICE $2.00.
MY PRIC5...
S1.5O
. I have sets of Star Safety Razors
up to S25.OO.
OTEEB EAZOaS, as low as
S1.OO- .'
POCKET JUfXVES, good ones, in
standard makes. 81.OO-
Two bars Williams' 10c Shaving
Soap, 15c
Stall Orders Promptly Filled.
THATVMAN PITTS
F. \V. PITTS. The Stationer. v
1008 KASKET ST.. San Francisco. 'DfsniisHcd for Drunkenness.
OAKLAND. June 10.— Policeman
Thomas Merrick was dismissed from
the police force to-day for drunkenness
while on duty. W. J. Tobin and H. M.
McCready were appointed substitute
patrolmen.
BERKELEY, June 10. — The Rev.
R. A. Renison of Sacramento has ac
cepted the call recently extended to
him to occupy the pulpit of St. Mat
thew's Episcopal Church. Dr. Reni
son has been rector of the' Trinity
Episcopal Church of Sacramento for a
year . '
Accepts St. Matthew's Call.
OAKLAND. June 10.— the following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Guy A. Johnson
over 21. Santa Rosa, and Clara E
Belcher, over 13. Oakland; E Henry
Davis, 28. Oakland, and Mae S. Black
21. Berkeley; Jes August Olsen, 2S. San
Francisco, and Emma J. Green, 21.
Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. June 10.--WiHiam E.
Barnes, who has figured a number of
times in the courts here, withdrew his
plea of "not guilty" to-day and plead
ed "guilty" to a charge of having
forged a $3 check, and has thrown him
self on the mercy of the court. His; sen
tencing has been set for next Monday
Barnes Pleads Guilty.
; : Last week Judge Seawell of San
Francisco rendered a decision In the
Varney estate litigation and the mat
ter has been finally settled. Robert
Varney's share in this, estate, It is be
lieved, will amount to between $50,000
and §"5,C00. •
OAKLAND, 'June 10.— The will of
Robert Varney was filed to-day, ten
years after his death. His estate con
sists of an interest in the estate of his
deceased . brother, Thomas Varney of
Ltvermore, which has been in litigation
all these years. Until It was settled the
matter of declaring what Interest Rob
ert Varney had in the estate could not
be done.
Litigation Over' Property of LJver
' more Capitalist Keeps Brother's
Estnto Out of Court.
VARNEY'S WILL OP TEN
YEARS AGO IS FILED
OAKLAND, June 10.— James Rodg
ers. a well-known sewer contractor of
this city, aged 64 years, died last night
at his home, 641 Fortieth street. The
deceased had resided in Oakland for
nearly thirty years. He leaves z. wife
and five children, four sons and a
daughter^ >'?i> '*. '¦¦ ¦%
Weil-Known Contractor Dead.
The promised suit to test the valid
ity of ' the Supervisors' .ordinance
against the erection of billboards more
than ten feet high was brought, into
the Superior. Court. yesterday by Var
ney & Green, sign painters and bill
posters, who obtained from Judge
Seawell a temporary Injunction to pre
vent, the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors .' -d the Chief of Police
from tearing down a signboard on the
northeast corner of McAllister and
Larkin streets.
The billboard men ask for a perma
nent restraining order and aver that
the signboard is not a nuisance, but is
a solid, substantial structure upon the
property of the , plaintiffs and in no
manner Jeopardizes or menaces the
property, safety/health or comfort of
any person. They declare that there
are mort) than 1 00-' such, signs 'in the
city and.thafc handball courts, sheda
and,. inflammable' buildings of greater
height are not prohibited by ordin
ance.
Suit Started to Test the Validity of
Ordinance Against Ten-Foot
Signboards.
An interlocutory decree of divorce
was granted R. A- Kartvedt to-day by
Judge Melvin from Tilda Kartvedt on
the ground of desertion.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day by
Cera L Hill against Alvin Hill on the
ground of desertion.
OAKLAND, June 10.— Annie C. Hoo
ser, wife of John W. Hooser. proprietor
of the Oberon saloon, at Seventh and
Washington streets, has filed a suit for
divorce and claims that after spending
considerable of her money he has taken
the ready cash of the place and disap
peared. She asks for a divorce on the
ground of cruelty.
Suit for maintenance was begun to
day by jeanette Taylor against Mark
Taylor. She states that he is in the
employ of the E. B. and A. L. stone
Company and earns $5 a day, but re
fuses to support her. •
Marital Ties Arc Irksome.
BILLBOARD MEN SECURE
INJUNCTION FROM " SEA WELL
BERKELEY. June 10. — The Azulikit Club
wtk entertained by Mrs. Stacy GIbbs at her
home. 2f.05 Prince street, last evening. Whist
furnished the diversion and there was a great
deal of mock rivalry to enliven the hours. Mrs
Hermann Partsch won the first prize for ladles
and Horace BatcheMer the first prize for
gentlemen. The consolation prizes went to
Mrs. Emily Welch and Leo Hampton. The
guests were Mr. and Mrs. Allen. Mr. and Mrs.
Batchelder. Mr. and Mrs. Glbbs. Mm. Partsch
Mrs. Dove Freely. Mrs. Emily Welch. Miss
Glbbs. Mrs. Funk. Leo Hampton. Robert
Edgar and H. H, Phillips.
OAKLAND, June 10.— Superior Judge
S. P. Hall returned from' St. Louis to
day, bringing with him his son Whlp
ple Hall, who was taken suddenly ill
with appendicitis and had to undergo
an operation. Judge Hall was called to
the bedside of his boy when all hope
had about been given up. The young
man, however, recovered and after
waiting a month the Judgf was able to
bring him to the coast. .
Brings Ills Son Home.
OAKLAND, June 10. — John Barry, a
schoolboy 10 years of age, was killed
instantly this afternoon at 5:30 o'clock
by falling from a new building at
Twenty-seventh street and Telegraph
avenue. The boy had been playing in
the second story and lost his footirfg.
His skull was fractured by the fall
He was the son of Mr. and Mrs. Da
vid Barry, residing at 1803 West street.
Coroner Mehrmann took charge of the
body.
John Barry. Ten Years Old, Meets In
stant Death While Playing in
Second Story of Structure.
Notice. — Our name is not in the tele
phone book. When you want Bekin's
Van and Storage Company, call for Main
285, 1018 Broadway. •
R. V. Watt Addresses Children.
Before the Sunday-school of the
Simpson Memorial Methodist Church
last evening ex-Fire Commissioner R.
V. Watt spoke of the work done at
the World's Methodist Conference last
May. The rest of the evening was
given over to music and refreshments.
SCHOOLBOY KILLED BY
FALL FROM .BUILDING
BERKELEY, June 10.' — Professor
"Arnold V. Stubenrauch, superintend
ent of agricultural experiment stations
and assistant professor of horticulture
at the University of California, will
not sever his connection with the uni
versity Just yet. Yielding to the ap
peals of many of his friends. Profes
sor Stubenrauch has reconsidered the
resignation he- tendered President
Wheeler a month ago and will con
tinue the work he has prosecuted with
such success in this State. At the same
time he has withdrawn' his acecpt
ance of the position of special super
intendent of plant and seed distribu
tion that was tendered him by the
United States Department of Agricul
ture, which would have taken him to
Washington.
It is understood that President
Wheeler was enabled to offer such in
ducements to Professor Stubenrauch
as prevailed upon him to remain with
the University of California. The ad
vice of his friends and the fact that
his family and all his business inter
ests are centered in California helped
to Influence him to reconsider his
resignation. His resignation was
prompted in the first place by the
great amount of work his position en
tails. His attention was divided among
four or five important activities, de
manding such close application that
he had little time for himself. Now
some arrangement will be made by
which the duties of the office will be
divided.
Declines to Tnkc Position With the
Seed and Plant Department
at Washington.
PROFESSOR STUBEXRAUCH
RECONSIDERS RESIGNATION
A Mr. Trenken. residing at 420^
Sixth street, called at the police sta
tion last night to get some assistance
in locating Mrs. Perry Drake, his
daughter, and her five children. They
arrived from Portland three days ago
and have not been seen since. Tren
ken fears that some harm has befallen
them.
Looking for III* Daughter.
Found Dead in Bathtnb.
Mrs. Catherine McGrath, wife of
Edward McGrath of 1695 Howard
street, was found dead in a bathtub
at the Harbor View baths late yester
day afternoon. The dead woman went
to the baths to meet a party of friends.
They did not arrive and she repaired
to a bath alone. The bath attendants.
N. J. Hansen and Jacob Schoed. when
she did not reappear, became alarmed
and climbed over the transom of the
room, finding the woman dead, her
head above the water In the tub. The
Morgue was notified and the official*
pronounced the case one of heart
failure. The dead woman was 55
years of age and weighed 330 pounda.
Stewart A. Baker, president of the
class of 1904 of the Polytechnic High
School, died yesterday afternoon at
the home of his parents, 1023 Twenty
third avenue, from the effects of blood
poisoning resulting from an injury to
the shoulder caused by the recoil of
a gun. i
The injury was »recelved about a
"week ago, while the young man was
out hunting. His gun, becoming dirty
from repeated discharges, "kicked,"
severely bruising his shoulder. An
abscess formed and blood poisoning
set in, which quickly proved fatal.
The boy was the son of Mr. and
Mrs. E. F. Baker and was 16 years
of age. He was a member of the Boys'
Brotherhood of the Baptist church and
the funeral will be held Sunday after
noon at 2:30 o'clock from the Twenty
thlrd-avenue Baptist Church. Mem
bers of the class of which he was
president will act as pallbearers.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 10.
Stewart A. Baker Dies From
the Effects of a Bruise
Received While Hunting
As far- an s»ie l« concerned, I have no ob
jection to offer. It la simply a fact that the
young man has been wayward and does not
deserve any further klndneMea, He ha« been
drlnktnr, and Is an Inveterate cigarette smoker.
We have been trying to .break off this habit,
but tie has never been .willing to comply with
our wishes. He W In no condition to marry,
and we are sortly disappointed.. .
"Then if he should come back to your
home you would not forgive him and
take him back again?" Mr. Lunlng
was asked.
"No."
Mrs.' Luning. who was sitting beside
her husband, was asked:
Papa Luning is mad clear through.
He declares with much vehemence that
he' will not permit his* son to cross the
threshold if he should return with hl3
bride- Mrs. Lunlng Is non-committal.
The Buttons are not so minded. They
will accept their child and the man of
her choice with a "bless you, my chil
dren." •
Oscar Luning declares that he has no
particular objection to the former Miss
Haas as a daughter-in-law, but he does
seriously rebel against the manner of
his son's nuptials. Said Luning to
night:
My eon has done wrong and I will never
welcome him to thlx house again. He has
gone aKainet my wishes, and I am thoroughly
disappointed In his conduct.. The young lady's
family is all right In every way. and I am
well acquainted with her father and mother.
You must know that such a shock is terrible
to me and to my wife. While our hearts go
cut to the boy, be has done something that
does not deserve forelyenei!*, -aa he was well
aware of our deflret. Ut shall never enter
this house bo long as he clings to that woman.
He has done wrong In going- against all th»
advice that I have given him. I will not tol
erate nim here. • . ¦ . '
PAPA LTJXIXG MAD.
OAKLAND, June 10.— The elopement
of Nicholas Lunlng. son of Millionaire
Oscar Luning. who resides at 3S55 Tele
graph avenue, and Miss Ethel Haas,
the. stepdaughter of Attorney Fred L.
Button, has caused no little excitement
among society circles of Oakland. The
first intimation that the parents of
either of the parties had was a tele
phone message informing' them that
the two runaways had been married.
The message came from Sacramento.
It is a fact that the couple have been
married and are now together^.. though
their present whereabouts is not known
by either of the parents of the elopers.
There was no warnlng : given to the
parents of either that they were" about
to marry, and though they have been
well acquainted for some time it. was
not thought that they were contemplat
ing matrimony. Miss Haas informed
her mother on Wednesday that she was
going to San Francisco, and received
permission to go. The next informa
tion that the family had was a tele
phone message stating that she had
been married to young Lunlng.
Young Nick Luning had been much
in the company of his wife for. several
months since his return from a mili
tary academy at Lexington, Va. Before
he reappeared Miss Haas that was had
been a frequent visitor at the Luning
residence and was. a close companion
of Mrs. Luning, who had taken more
than a passing . fancy to her young
friend. Easy enough was it for the re
turned son to find opportunity to en
gage the attention of his mother's
charming visitor. And the romance
once begun was hastened along until
it ended in the runaway match, the
wedding at a Baptist parsonage In the
capital ciu/ Wednesday and the brief
but startling announcement over the
wires.
I would without a doubt. The young man
to my mind Is well brought up and a man of
refinement. I can see no reason why the two
should not fee happy. They undoubtedly love
*ach other and. though I do, not think that
they should have married now, I am thor
oughly convinced that it is a case of true love.
They havo been paying attention to each other
for some time and, though I did not object to
the young man calling upon our daughter, I
had no Idea that the result would be as It is.
1 did not learn .until very recently that . my
wife had the confidence of our daughter but
I am told now that Ethel's love had already
been told to her mother and that she could s<e
nothing but Js'lchi^as and the' hoped to marry
him. We 'offer no objection, as we consider
that the young man Is thoroughly worthy of
her affection. They are welcome at our home
whenever they chooee to come to iis.
"Would you allow your daughter to
return to your house under the exist
ing circumstances?" Mr. Button was
asked. He said:
I do not care to make any statement In re
gard to the case further than that the two
yr.ung people have selected their own road to
travel and they must do the best they can.
Though I am greatly surprised that my daugh
ter should choose the course that she did, I
am willing to give her all the love that a
father's heart can convey.
The Button family reside at 856 Thir
ty-fourth street. Mr. Button had this
to say to-night:
A HUMAN VIEW.
"Would you take him back, Mrs.
Luning?"
"He is our only son, sir," came the
reply from the mother between sobs.
RECOIL OF GUN
CAUSES DEATH
MHS. NICHOLAS LUNING. WHO "WAS MISS ETHEL HAAS OF OAKLAND UN
TIL FHE RAN AWAY TO SACRAMENTO AND BECAME THE HAPPY BRIDE I
OK THE WELL-KNOWN CAPITALISTS SOX.
OAKLAND, June 10.— The search
warrant proceedings instituted against
•Jos<ph I-Vrro, a deck hand on the
fteamer Piedmont, by Daniel F. Selby,
a local cjnfcctiur.er, to recover $1600
which he Ic5t on June 1. and which he
alleces i* in Ferro's possession, were
heard in Department 2 of the Police
Court to-day. Selby says that he left
the money In a satchel on the Piedmont,
on the 12:30 p. m. trip to Sari Francis
co, and that Ferro was afterward seen
fo pick up the satchel. On the even
ing of June 1 detectives searched Fer
ro> home and found $1500 50 concealed
in a sack.
Ferro denied that he had found any
satchel and says the money found in
his house is the property of the two
orphan children of John Williams, a
Civil "War veteran, which he was hold
ing In trust for them and which he was
afraid to entrust to a back.
Alexander Fields, an employe of
Wells-Fargo, testified at the triaj that
he saw Ferro pick up a satchel on the
3:30 trip of the Piedmont. He said that
Ferro opened the satchel and showed
the contents to John Lee, another deck
hand, after which he put the satchel in
a locker. He also said that Ferro gave
something: to Lee.
' J. II. Ehephard, a pension attorney,
testified that he knew that the money
found In Ferro's house was the proper
ty of the Williams children, and he
stated that it had been in the defend
ant's possession for nearly a year.
The bearing: of further evidence was
postponed until Tuesday, June 14.
1 •> »
U.ni,! !'. srihy Introduces Damaging
lJ\I'JtiuT at Hiring of Search
V.'arrjnt Proceedings.
\\ITM>S BAYS II i: SAW
PEZUtO PICS W SATCHEL
Miss Marie Butters wl'.l share the pleasure
of a tally-ho ride with some of her young
friends to-morrow. What promises to be a
Jolly trip will wind up with a luncheon at the
Piedmont Clubhouse. *
Mrs. Melvln C. Chapman. Mrs. Kgbert Stone.
Mrs. John P. Faral and Miss Farel are all at
Rowardenan for a few weeks. «^
Mrs. George Martin (nee Bates) waa the
guest of honor at a luncheon given by Mins
Ethel Moore yesterday. It was an al fresco
affair, luncheon being served In a secluded
corner of the beautiful grounds about the resi
dence.
Mrs. Ralph Faneuf and Infant daughter will
return to-morrow from Danville, where she has
been sojourning for " her health for several
months.
Mrs. John Charles Adams has been quite 111
for several days, but is up and about the house,
though not convalescent by any means. The
family is ail ready to *o to Coronacio for the
summer as noon as Mrs. Adams Is strong
enough to travel, which will probably not be
for a week or so.
Mrs. Guy C. Earl Is p'annlng a pleasant af
fair In honor of her little daughter's birthday.
Martha Eart will be the hostess and thirty-five
or forty of her" young friends have been Invited
to enjoy the festive occasion with her.
The scene at the steamer to-morrow will re
semble a wedding party, tar Miss Gowan is un
usually popular and scopes of friends will be
at the dock tn with th« bride-elect fc -..ciN«rn.
Miss Gowan will be sadly missed la social cir
cles on both sides of the bay. as stiv Is not
only a charming girl, but a very accomplished
pianist.
Miss Bessie Gowan. formerly a Berkeley girl,
but now a resident of San Francisco, will be a
passenger on the Siberia when the big steam
ship sails for the Orient to-morrow. She is
taking with her an exqultlte trousseau and a
rare lot of wedding gifts, for en her arrival In
China she will become the bride of Thomas
Hasklns of the diplomatic service in Peking.
China.
Next Tuesday R. G. Eubank will hie him to
Modesto to bring back a bride, who Is said to
be a charming and estimable young woman.
She la Hiss Grace Thompson of the valley city.
. To-morrow evening MJss Clsra B«leber, a sis
ter of tJiSbtrrt L. Belcher, will Join the ranks
of new made matron*, and' her wediirg with
Guy Anderson Johnson, though unostentatious,
promises to be one of the very pretty affairs ot
the month. * It la to be at the Moss-avenue
heme of the Gilbert Belchers and Mrs. Belcher
will be matron of honor. The bride's sister.
Miss Vldelta Belcher, will be bridesmaid, an.l
little Helen Johnson, the groom's niece, will
offic-ate as ring bearer.
The groom will be unsupported. The Hev.
C. It. Brown will tie the nuptial knot. It Is to
be a Dink and whit* wctMnis. m= di-hi- «im
her attendants all wearing white. A touch of
color will be given by the bndal bouquets irf
pink sweet peas.
OAKLAND. June 10. — "Marrying and »ivlng
In marriage" seems to be the most Interesting
occupation of these end-of-the-seasoa days, and
the proverbial bee la not more busy than the
several fair maids who are dreaming dreama
and building marvelous trousseaux at the same
time. ¦-
By Zoe Green Radcliffe
FUTURE WEDDiNGS
The police to-night located Carl
Boehle, Joseph Soares, Manuel Soares
and Manzie Roderick, boys who came
frqm Sacramento with Rhodes. Joseph
Soares saw Rhodes struck by the
Berkeley local train. Soares said he
yelled at Rhodes, but the boy became
confused and stepped back on the
track. Though satisfied that Rhodes'
death was N accidental, the detectives
cannot explain Cody's peculiar state
ments. The police definitely learned
t,hat Cody was in Sacramento ' when
Rhodes was killed.
After the newsboy detectives ' had
trailed Cudy, who gave a raise address
to elude the Coroner, he did'not want
to go before that official, although Cody
had told the newsboys he had witness
ed young Rhodes' death.
With his contradictions to-day the
imprisoned youth offers no satisfactory
excuses.
"I was frightened and didn't want to
talk about it," was Cody's reason yes
terday for not reporting to the Cor
oner. To-day he simply upsets his
own story and, lets the investigating
officials take It for what it Is worth.
Dr. C. E. Curdts, Dr. J. M. Kane and
Dr. George C. Reinle held an autopsy
to-day in the case of Rhodes. They
found no evidence of injury that of It
self would indicate foul play. Death
was caused by hemorrhage of the
lungs, produced by the penetration
from a fractured rib, three of which
were found to have been broken.
Mrs. .Eleanor Rhodes, mother of the
dead newsboy, arrived to-day from Los
Angeles and requested Coroner Mehr
mann to make all necessary Inquiry
concerning her son's death.
Until after the Inquest to-morrow
afternoon, at least, Cody will be de
tained at the City Prison.
OAKLAND, June 10.— The police are
puzzled over the case of young Samuel
Rhodes, the newsboy, whose body was
found Wednesday night on the South
ern Pacific Company's tracks at West
Oakland. William Cody, the striking
boilermaker's heloer, who claimed to
have seen Rhodes killed and who gave
a circumstantial statement last evening
to Coroner Mehrmann concerning the
manner in which he says his com
panion met death, startled the defec
tives to-day by denying the truth of
his sworn deposition to the Coroner.
Cody said to-day that he had not seen
Rhodes killed, but that all of the Infor
mation he had concerning the news
boy's death he had gleaned Thursday
from boya who had told him about
Rhodes' death. The" identity of his In
formants Cody claims he does not
know, but that they live in Oakland
and that he can find their homes, the
detained young man avers.
Contradictions also arise as to the
movements of Rhodes and Cody. The
prisoner told the Coroner that he and
the dead boy left Sacramento together
and left the freight train on which they
had ridden at the same time. Cody
claimed they were standing on the
tracks Wednesday night when the
Berkeley train struck the boy and
killed him. Now comes his story that
he separated from Rhodes at Suisun
and arrived here Wednesday morning,
while Rhodes was not killed until
Wednesday night.
Out of the maze of unreliability that
has developed as a strong element in
Cody's statements the Coroner and the
police are at sea. No motive for a
crime can be found, nor would sus
picion be directed toward Cody had not
his own actions yesterday given rise
to the idea that something might be
wrong.
Young Man Whb Swore He
'Saw Rhodes KiKed Now
Denies Story.
YOUNG MAX WHO TEI-LS CON
FLICTING STORIES REGARDING
KILLING OF SAMUEJ- RHODES.
/ The case of the Salvador Commercial
Company consisted of a claim against
Salvador for unlawful confiscation of
its concessions and properties gained
as successor to El Trlfuno Company,
which established extensive shipping
interests in Salvador. Colonel Irish, in
1S99, was retained to press the com
pany's demands before the State De
partment. He succeeded not only In
interesting the United States Govern
ment, but in procuring tne negotiation
of a treaty by which Salvador agreed
to the submission of the claims to a
board of arbitration. The board was
composed of Sir Henry Strong, Chief
Justice of Canada; Don M. Dickinson.
United States Minister to Salvador, and
Dr. Don Jose Roca Pacas, Salvador's
Minister to the United States. The
final settlement netted the company
5428,000.
No answer was filed in the suit, the
purpose of which was to procure the
adjustment of matters upon which the
Union National -Bank, trustee of the
money recovered from Salvador, could
not pass judgment, as they required
either an agreement of the parties or
the decree of court. Settlement of fhe
differences ia accepted by the parties
concerned as a matter" of congratula
tion. It leaves the famous interna
tional controversy as a precedent for
the protection of Americans in Latin
America undimmed by the Incidents
of litigation between the parties and
the attorney, who established the pre
cedent.
The auit of Colonel John P. Irish to
recover 1100,000 fees for his services in
winning the case of the Salvador Com
mercial .Company against the Govern
ment -of Salvador has been dismissed,
a settlement having been effected out
of court to the satisfaction of those
interested. It Is understood that Col
ohel Irish received 530,000 from the
company, plug an amount not stated
from others who were Interested in the
case. . • ,
Oakland Office Saji Francisco Call,
' ' 1016 Broadway, June 10.
After the petty larceny charge
apainst Price was dismissed he was
notified to appear next Thursday after
noon at 4 o'clock to be arraigned on a
charge Of grand larceny preferred by
F. \Y. Lowe. In default of bail Price
will be confined la the County Jail. He
is represented by Atto-rney Creed of
Han Francisco.
I do rot believe from what this younc man
say* that he came here from Calaveras County
of bis own free will. I am satisfied that he
vac brought here by this man James through
intimidation and that James resorted to fraud
anj wrongTnlly used and abused a warrant
it rued out of this court in order to force Price
to pay & debt. It Is one of the most dls
rraceful ax:ts of a man who claims to b«
an s.ttorney that I ever heard of In my Ufa.
I will hold that the warrant waa not properly
served and will recall It. The charse of
Ittty larceny epa-.r.M Price I will dismiss,
l: is the first time that such an unheard
*nd unlawful abuse has been made of a war
rant from my court and it will never occur
•«ain if I can prevent It.
The thought of it has almost made me
forget my Judicial diirnity and step down .from
th» bench and impose something more upon
the party guilty or the act than a verbal
?.£.ylryr. The whole scheme was diabolical on
Clc l»art cf this man James, and while I have
n ¦> sympathy for Price, who. it appears, has
deTrautied many creditors. I mean to protect
the defendant in full accordance with the law.
ALAMEDA. June 10.— Howard K.
James, a local bill collector, and his
illegal action in compelling George L.
Price to accompany him from Burson
in Calaveras County on a warrant
which James had no authority to serve
and then keeping Price in his private
penitentiary for three days" for debt,
while endeavoring to persuade the
prisoner's relatives to raise the coin
needed, were vigorously scored from
the bench by City Justice R. B. Tap
pan this afternoon. Price was present
in court, but James had business else
where and was not in attendance to
hear what his Honor said about him.
Price was ordered to taKe the stand
and after being put under oath related,
at the request of Judge Tappan. how-
James had imposed upon nim. When
Price concluded his narration Judge
Tappan said: ,
'. Only through the Intervention of the
police and a neighbor, Mrs. Baker, at
910 Third street, did the dreadful con
dition of the neglectful sufferer come
to light. Demand was made upon the
old woman two days ago that ehe
admit a caller) Mrs. Baker, who had
become alarmed about her eccentric
neighbor. . The only reply was refusal
to open the door.
Then the police were called and
threatened to break into the hovel un
less they were admitted. With that
Miss Hyde crawled from her bed and
unbarred the entrance.
Dr. J. F. Rlnehart was summoned
and after examining the then dying
woman ordered her to be removed im
mediately to the hospital. She was
too much weakened and lived until
this afternoon. The Coroner took
charge of the body. Public Adminis
trator George Gray found among the
old woman's effects a bank book show
ing a deposit of $4000 in the Oakland
Bank of Savings and a deed of owner
ship to the Third-street place. A
brother is said to reside In San Fran
cisco. V
Taken . t roVn a syualid j hovel in a
frightful physical condition, one arm
having been eaten by rats, Kate Hyde,
75 years old, died to-day at the Provi
dence Hospital . from starvation.
Though she had thousands of dollars
in. bank and possessed title to the
homo at 1018 Third street, In which
she dwelt, the aged woman preferred
her life of miserly seclusion, where
she refused to receive or be seen by
ajiy one. . - . . , ... •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
. 101$ Broadway, June 10.
Close Is -Noted in a Case
That Was Prominent in
International Controversy
Dismisses Charge Against
Debtor Who Was Confined
in Private Penitentiary
Yields Admission to Hut
Only After Police Threat
en to Break In the Door
Wnlt<>r P TVoolser r«'n«rle) to James R. Lit
tV Tot rn F. I'ne of Wh-eler street. 13O N of
P^'ncc v 50 by E 125. lot 21. block A. map
j>nr» of U'nolwy Tract, Berkeley: $10.
The Ren'ty Svnd'cnte to Harlow P. Ban
*mft. lots I tn S> in^lu»lv«» block .T. lot* 1 to>
?S tTcl'imve. blocV K. l«ts" 1 to 27 inclusive,
b'^k O Alp're Tract, Oakland: $10.
Richard arri Prldret Klnston to J. J. Tterry
»nd D. I^uise Kln» lot 58. Piedmont Tract.
OpVi»ri(i Town«hlp: $10.
P!umrr« > r\TmTiro'-enr'"nt Company (a corpora
t'nri to Clarn V.. Williams •¦•vire of J. M.) r lo*
\V Mne of Ftn.-» ntre»t. lf'O S o' Kearney. 9
.'•0 hv W 1"S Mock 4. property John Kearney.
Be'keley $10.
Cecil Brown (trustee und»r will of Godfrey
Rhode* <iece»!">d) to A. L. Sobey. K 5:4 of lot
r?4. »T! of lot XI ? 14 « cf tot 32. block 4. map
r-inb'1lvi'«»r.'> blocks 3 and 4. Antisell Tract,
Berkc'ey: «KA jJ .
A. L Pot.pv r-'nrle) to F. E. ArmstronR.
pame. Berkeley: $10)X
Mabe< p. Phnrr-teln to Mab»l O. Mitch*!.
1-t or W lln» of E»:io street. TJ:.". >f from V
1're of Fa'rv'ew avenue. — 120 feet. N* 73:-1.
E 1W S 73:3. Tot 74. Mock 5 land!" Re*-ent
it««t Hot-^'m-I Association. Berkeley: $10.
Reoltv Syndicate (a corporation) to Piedmont
PuiHInjr Association <* corporation), lot 17.
v-'rv-tr A. m»" r "»'ntr«l Piedmont "tv»-t. Oakland
Town*hlp (<J»ed and afreement): $10.
Piuromer Ip-Drovement Company to TValter
Oale lot on K »lne of Ftna st-»et. 2SO S of
Vr-am-v. S RO by F tSX block 5. property
T( -*m Kearney. Berkeley (de»tj and agreement:
$1^.
TVIlIiim F. an-i Sar^h Carroll tn Anna M.
¦Piomaj (wife of W. R). lot on NE corner of
Te>*->-arh avenue fbef.->r» widened to 100 feet>
ani Pirch «r»et. N 50 hy F 130. lot 42. map
T«.me«o*i Park Oakland: $10.
Paiil'ne Eprlneer (wife of Herman) to An
ton ri»oak lot on 3 I'n<» of T>nth street 1OO
E cf Clay. E 50 by S 100. lots 10 and 11. block
17 T%>l!»ri"h»rf:er's« fan. Oakland: $1O.
Cella M. F. and J. R. Nixon to Ser«na A.
Downing 'sincle) lot on S line of Sherman
avenue, fire E r,t T'legraph. E "2 by S lit.
rcrttnn Tctn 2« aid 2>. map subdivision Moss
worwi Tract. Oakland: $10.
Teter J. and Emma DaHev to Martin and
Mamr-"t Slattery. lot on N"vV rorner of 'Wood
and Wtllfam Ktreetx. N «V7ii by W 10B:07^..
lots 1 2 and portion of lots 3 and SO. block 32.
land Onk'and Point irallroad ferry landing),
tract W4 Oakland: $10.
Lucv Mabel Pray fwtdow) to same. lot on «J
line of Pnrue* street. 1SO.33 N of Roue. N 5
fc* f. 124 2fi. bolnt 0 feet off N side of tot 3.
bl^'-lr A. same tt*tv BerWeleT: $1O.
Lydla M. Davidson (widow) to John C. Jen
klrs and Kama Prwvott, lot on E line of
Wh«eler otreet. ISMS. P of Ashby avanue. B
130 by S 50. lot 2» and portion of lot «. btook
A. map part of Woolsev Tract, etc.. first
party reserve* life e#tat». Berkeley: Kift.
Emma and G. W. Prescott and John C.
.T»tik!ns to E. "VT. Llnforth. same. Berkeley;
T10-
Frank. M. and Marraret A. Tod.t to Mr».
Taxton Wright, lot 4. block A. map part of
TT'-rk!p.» terraro. Berkeley: *10.
PviirtoJrh StPPker (wldorrert to ICannett* TV.
Mavhew (slnirle). lot on 9 line of East Twenty
fl'th street. 523 E of Twenty-first avenue. E
fift bjr S 1*0. lot* 22 to 25. block 82. lota In
Brooklyn. East Oakland: tin.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Samuel Llv
li.ston. lot on S Uno or Sycamore «tre«t.
Kk>:3 W of Telegraph avenue. W 3d by a
100. Oakland: «1».
Chaxle« Sumner Cs!ng;le) to H. C. Cutting;,
lot on N line of Boulevard terrace. 10© E of
Webster street. E 60 by N 125. beinj E 60
feet of lot 2. reap Boulevard terrace. Oak
land; Jl*.
Henry and Mary P. Mason to Charles Bolln.
lot on S lln» of West Fourteenth street. OO w
oi Myrtle. S 74 <« to beginning. "W Si by 8
3 portion ot lot* 3 and 4. block 37O, plan of
subdivision cf block 570. Oakland: $10.
Same '.» Jehn Wlren. lot on W line of
Myrtle street. 79:6 S of West Fourteenth. W
125 by 8 33. portion of lots 3. 4 and 5. block
57i». \arre. Oakland; »lrt.
Niels M. and Laura I. Martin to Dartd H.
Bluell. lot on E line of Locksley arenue. 10O
N of Summer street. S 5O by E 100. lot 2U.
Loefcs!*y Square Tract. Oakland: $10.
Standard Realty and Development Company
(corporation) to Arthur Lewis, lot on NW cor
ner of Third and Oak streets. W 300 by N' 200.
entire block 130. Kellersberrer's map. Oakland:
n».
H. D. Brown Mingle) to H. C. Cutting, lot
on ME corner nf Fourth and Portland aT»nu«.
N 10i>.5O. E 125. S 102.23. W 123.27. lots 9
nr.d 7. map of subdivision of Lake Merrltt
TarV. East Oakland: $10.
Alumeilii County.
FRIDAY. JUN'E 10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
CALLS IT DISGRACEFUL
ALL LITIGATION ENDED
HAS GOLD IN THE BANK
Aged Woman 3Iiser Taken in
Starving Condition From
Hovel That Was Her Home
Justice K. B. Tappan Takes
Bill Collector to Task
for Abusing a Warrant
John P. Irish's Claim j
to, Services in Salvadorean
Award Has Been Adjusted
COURT SCORES
JAMES' ACTION
MEETS DEATH
FROM HUNGER
SETTLES SUIT
FOR HIS FEE
.i ¦-¦••.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 11, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
CODY'S LIES
LEAD SLEUTHS
INTO DESPAIR
His Father Condemns Him as Wayward and
Will Disown Child, but Young Woman
Is Forgiven and Will. Be Welcomed Home
NICHOLAS LUNING ELOPES
WITH FAIR ETHEL HAAS
6
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone 3Ialn 1083.
BERKELEY.
2118 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALA3IKDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4502.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ASVERTISEJIEXTSL
Aching Teeth
Delay Business
As a matter of fact, however, teeth
never ache — it is the nerves. Never
mind call it what you like, we can cur*
It We will save the achers If possible.
That Is. If you wish. Or will extract
th^m without pain. Fine dental work
for little money. 5
Oold rillinjrs. .Sl.OOSUvar TUlings. ..5Oo
Gold. Crowns.. $3.00! Porcalaln Crowns S3
Post-Graduate Dental College,
3 TA7Z.OS ST.. SAX TSAICCISCO.
973 "Washlagrton St., Oakland.
San Jose. - ' -, • Sacramento.United States Coast and Geodetic - Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low aWters
at Fort . Point, entrance to Ban Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of tb*
Superintendent. . ¦ ¦ -
NOTE — Tbe high and low waters occur at
Sun, Moon and Tide.
¦ ARRIVED. ' .
' Friday, June 10.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Jahnsen, • 7 hours' from
Port Rodgers.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, • 68 ¦ hours : from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Gualala. Penzer, 14 hours from'Aiblon
' Stnir Elizabeth, Jensen, 38 hours from
Bandon.
Stmr Chehalis, Mai tin, 48 hours from ' San
Pedro. , ~ . ¦ ¦
Shipping Intelligence.
Time Ball.
Branch , Hydrographlo Office,- -U. S N. Mer
;. chants' Exchange, ; San Francisco, CaL,
. June : 10, 1904. * - . .
• The ,Tim«^Ball on the tower, of the. Ferry
building was, dropped 1 exactly at: noon to-day —
I e. at 'noon, of, .the. 120th.' meridian, or at 8
p..m Greenwlcb'time.,: J./C. BURNETT.
•¦; > Lieutenant.: U..;S.-N.. In charge.
Juan de Fuca Strait, entrance to San Juan
Channel, page 83— Salmon Bank buoy No. 1,
a black s*cond-class Ice. will be moved about
1500 feet to the southward of its present posi
tion as soun as It li practicable to do so. ' '
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
C. G. CALKINS,
Commander. U. 8. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
WASHINGTON.
The following affects the List of Lights,
Buoys and Daymarks. Pacific Coast, 1904:
Notice to Mariners.
Eldie Warren, 10 years old, who lives at 6
Steuart street, was run over by a wagon yes
terday morning at Market street and New
Montgomery. He sustained serious injuries,
for which he was treated at the Harbor Hos
i.ital. ¥Mt\flSnU0ll~Wwn
Small Boy Run Over.
State Floral Society Meets.
The regular monthly meeting of the
California • State Floral Society was
held at Elks' Hall; 323 Sutter street, at
2 ; o'clock yesterday afternoon. Pro
fessor Emory Smith, president of the
society, presided. Among those that
addressed the meeting was Miss Bertha
Chapman, who is supervisor of nature
studies of the public schools of Oak
land. She told of the work the chil
dren were doing in the vacant lots of
Oakland in transforming them into
gardens. An exhibition of fruits,
flowers and: vegetables ; from the gar
dens will be held to-day. .
MODERN WOODMEN SUED.— Margaret E.
Geary yesterday sued ¦> In the ¦ Superior . Court
for $2C0O,< alleged to be due from the Modern
Woodmen of America, on a fraternal -Insurance
certificate held by her husband, Michael J.
Gear}'. 'deceased. "
WJIJ, SETTLE PL'ZZLING QUESTION —
Tb Supreme Court yesterday advanced " the
h*iarlng of the suit brought by R H Elder
««a!nst the- Treasurer of the citr and countv
of >¦¦'.:: r*r»ncl*eo for the purpose of ascer
taining if the law provides that a vtenograriher
may be paid for reporting preliminary elim
inations In felony caws. The case will be
K'-ard on the July calendar.'
The steamer General Mifflin, built by the
Hisdon Iron Works for the United States quar
termas«er«' department, wa» given her official
trial trip on the bay yesterday and proved in
every way a success. She developed a speed
of thirteen knots and showed herself sea
worthy and easy to handle. Ehe will be used
for carrying water, fre-lght and passengers be
tween the army posts located around the har
bor and will run In conjunction with the Gen
eral McDowell. - -
General Mifflin Has Trial Trip.
The rate of reinsurance on the British ship
Leyland Bros, was reduced yesterday to 30
per cent as the result of a report received
from a vessel which spoke the overdue. Brit
isher February 8 In 4a south. 1C5 east. The
Crown at Germany. Is nuoted at 20 per cent,
and there is no change recorded In the other
overdue*. . _ '/• . ; -
lx»yland Bros. Spoken.
The Board of Education ' yesterday
directed the Board of Works to enter
into a contract with the Deneen Build
ing Company for the erection "of an ad
dition of five rooms to the Richmond
primary school building on its bid of
$18,000, which was $3450 less than -that
submitted by another firm. The con
tract will be paid for out of the school
funds of the present fiscal year.
The leave. or absence of Margaret A.
Smith was extended -to January, 1905,
with the privilege of returning to her
own class.
Demands aggregating the sum of
$21,879 52 were ordered paid.
Board of Education Tnkes Steps to
Build Five More Rooms In
Richmond Building:.
AWARDS CONTRACT FOR
ADDITION TO . SCIIOOLIIOUSE
The Italian-Swiss Colony secured the
contract to furnish port and sherry to
the City Hospital and Almshouse.
The committee reported in favor of
awarding the contract for burying the
indigent dead to D. J. Kelly for $5 50
for each burial.
The Supervisors' Health Committee
yesterday reported In favor of the pas-
Fage erf an amended ordinance estab
lishing rules and regulations for the
plumbing and drainage of ' buildings.
The ordinance requires the installation
of an air shaft opening directly to the
external atmosphere, but does not ap
ply to a ventilating system which ex
hausts the air every ten mintes. The
committee will take up the proposed
ordinance for the regulation of dairies
to-day and next Friday will consider a
bill requiring telephones to have sani
tary- appliances.
Health Committee Award-. Contact
for the Burial of the City's
Indigent Dead.
SUPERVISORS AMEXD
PLUMBIXG ORDINANCE
The Pacific Mall Company's liners Siberia
and Newport will nail to-day, the first named
at 1 o'clock for the Orient and the Newport
at noon for Panama and way ports. The Si
beria's cargo Includes a large shipment of
heavy railroad equipment for Japan. Many
single pieces weigh as much an fifteen tone,
and few scale lees than two thousand pounds.
In addition to belnc heavy * most of it Is of
awkward " shape and exceedingly difficult to
handle and to stow. The large army of men
engaged In loading the' liner has been working
night and day. and nearly all the time under
the personal supervision of Captain T. D. E.
WHeon. who is also superintending the dis
charging of the Algoa's water swollen freight.
Wilson and sleep have been strangers since
th<* Algoa tied up at the dock.
The Siberia will carry a large number of
passenger*, many for Honolulu and not a few
for Manila, where the big liner will call.
To Sail* To-Day.
The Supervisors' License Committee
yesterday considered the proposed
amended ordinance fixing the rate
to be charged for automobiles at $2 50
an hour and $1 for each additional half
hour. Representatives of automobile
owners testified that they are now
charging 55 for the first hour, and they
are' operating under a loss of $15 a
month on each machine.
Testimony was given that the ma
chines for passenger service cost $2500
and they lasted two and a half years
for that . purpose. The committee took
the matter under advisement and will
investigate the contention , of automo
bile owners that the proposed rate is
too low. ' : :';Z
Supervisors' License Committee Con
siders Proposed Reduction and
Hears -Protests Against It:
WOULD LOWER PASSEXGEK V
FARES OX AUTOMOBILES
TO ARRIVE.
. Steamer. ' From. I Due.
O. Dollar. .... Grays Harbor ....|June 11
Enterprise. Hllo (June 11
Breakwater.. Coos Bay JJune 12
Centralia Ban Pedro (June 12
1 Argo '. Eel River Ports June 12
Arctic*. .;.... Humboldt JJune 12
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma June 12,
Columbia Portland & Astoria June lit
Bonlta I Newport & Way Torts. June 13
Pomona j Humboldt June 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.|Jur.e 13
DelNorte.... Crescent City JJune 13
B.Barbara... San Pedro IJuno 13
NbrthFork... Humboldt : [June 13
San Pedro.... Humboldt June 13
Wyefield. .... Nanalmo June 14
Arcata Ccos Bay & Pt. Orford. June 14
Pomo.- Point Arena & Albion. June 14
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor .JJune 15
Eureka....... Humboldt [June 15
Umatilia V-uget Sound For** June 15
American.... New York 'June 16
SanUoae. .. .'. . New York via Panama. June lti
Corona Humboldt June It
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. June 18
Santa Rosa. .. San' .Diego & Way Pts. June 16
Coos Bay San/Ptdro & Way Pts. June 17
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria June 18
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor ...June in
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma {June In
Alliance Portland & Way Ports! June 1!)
Sequoia Willapa Harbor IJune 19
Luxor Hamburg & Way Ports) June 20
Queen Puget Sound Ports... .IJune 2rt
Alame<]a Honolulu June 21
Korea China & Japan ...June 21
Rainier 1 Seattle & Bellingham. . June 21
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. j Pier.
June 11. ,(
Chico Astoria & Portland 6 pm|PIer 2
Chehalis.... Grays Harbor .... 3 pm'Pler 2
Elizabeth... Coquille River 5 pm|PIer 2o
Aurella Astoria & Portland 4 pm|Pler 2
G. XV. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Siberia China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Newport.... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Pt. Arena... 1 Point Arena 4 pm Pier a
Newburg. . . j Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
- June 13.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Santa. Rosa. San Diego & Way. I) am Pier 11
, Centralia... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt ......... 1 :30 p Pier 9
Coon Hay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Jane 13. |
Iaqua Humboldt. 0 am Pier 2
S. Barbara.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
S. Pedro.... Los Angeles Ports. U am Pier 2
June 14. ( I
Argo ... Eel River Ports... | 4/pmjPier 2
City Puebla.' Puget Sound Ports.ill amfPier 9
Jane IS. I |
Breakwater Coo* Bay direct...] 5 pm Pier 8
8. Monica... Lo« Angeles Ports.|lO am Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor... ...| 4 pm Pier 20
Pomona Humboldt jl:3i»pPier' m
Arctic Humboldt | tl am Pier 2
Jane 16. |
Df.n'ta Newport & Way... 0 am Pier 11
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Jeauie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland II amIPirr 24
Arcata Coos B. &. Pt. Orfd 12 -m|Pier 13
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amjPier 11
Pomo Pt. Arena &. Albion « pmlPier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm|Pler 20
June 18.
City Peking. N. T. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Jane 19.
Umatilia... Pus'et Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
? June 21. .¦¦'¦ .
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. 6 pra Pier 16
Jane 22.
Coptic I China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. j For. j | Satis, i
Tamplco Nome &. St. Michael..". June 12
Alkl Skagway & Way Ports. June 12
Chas. Nelson. Nome, & Teller... June 12
Cottage City.. Skagway &. Way Ports. June 12
Dolphin....;. Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
Valencia Nome ;.:r.:.. June. 14
City Seattle.. Kkagway & Way Ports. June 15
Santa Ana Cooks Irilet A- Way Pts. June 18
Dlrigo Skagway & Way Porte. June 16
Spokane... ... Skagway & Way Ports. June 21
Oregon { Nome tt St. ¦ Michael.. June 25 |
the city front (Mission -street wharf) about 25
minutes later. than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. JUNE 1L
Sun rises ...4:47
Sun sets ' 7:31
Moon rises 8:13 a. m.
O iTlme| |Tlme| Time Time
» J 1 Ft. I Ft. | Ft. Ft.
¦» |L Wj lH W| L*W - H.W
11 3:371 0.0|10:33i 4.2 3:14 2.6 fl:24 oT8
12 4 :18|— 0.5111:22 4.4 3:5.1 2.8 10:02 ii.0
13 B:00 — 0.8112:10 4.6 4:40 2.8 10:44 HO
14 I 5:44 —1.0112:57 • 4.6 5:29 2.8111:28 (i.O
15 I 0:29— l.o; 1:42 4.8 0:20 2.»|
\U W ,L WI H \V| . |L W
IB I 0:lS 8.71 7:1.-,!— 0.S 2:27| 4.9| 7:15 2.3
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence aa to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
clgn precedt* the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is tbe mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
The Nebraakan's actual steaming
time was fifty-two days ten hours,
which is one of the smartest passages
ever made by the vessels of this line.
The Nebraskan's run was watched
with special interest by the naval au
thorities and the Buccess of the ex
periment will do much toward
awakening official interest in the mod
ern fuel.
The American-Hawaiian Steam
ship Company's freighter Nebraskan,
Captain Weeden, surprised the ship
ping world yesterday by plowing in
through " the Golden Gate, fifty-four
days from Xew York, and three or
four days before she was looked for.
The Nebraskan, before leaving here,
was converted into an oil burner and
has demonstrated the practicability of
liquid fuel for very long voyages. The
Oceanic Steamship Company was the
first on this coast to demonstrate the
value of oil as fuel for ocean-going
steamers and the oil-burning liner
Mariposa has for many months been
running between her! and Tahiti with
the regularity of clockwork.
The Marlposa's round trip is only
about 74&0 miles, however, and in
spite of her good showing there re
mained many who doubted the prac
ticability of liquid fuel on longer runs.
The objection to attempting the New
Tork to San Francisco run with an
oil-burner was the absence of supply
stations along the roiite. ' The Ne
braskan has proved that supply sta
tions are not necessary. The course
from New York to San Francisco . as
taken by the Nebraskan is 13,150
miles, or nearly twice as long as the
distance traveled by the Mariposa In
making the round trip to Tahiti.
,The Nebraskan left New Tork with
enough fuel to bring her all the way
•to San Francisco and in addition car
ried a cargo of 5000 tons of general
merchandise. She made only one stop
on the entire run and that was in the
Straits of Magellan and necessitated
by the weather. From the river
Platte to the straits the Nebraskan
bucked a continuous gale, but made
good headway in spite of it.
[ Stmr Mangle, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Ilwaco. Lefflnnwell, y hours from
Pigeon Point.
Stmr City of Para, Zfder. 24 days from
Panama, via Mazntlan C days.
Stmr Nchraskan. Weeden, 61! day* 10 houri
ana 39 minutes from Xew York via Port
famine 23 days and 5 minutes. ?.';¦ V
CLEARED. .-T.>-V,
Friday. June 10.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randan. Portland and
Astoria; Orecon Hallway and Navigation Com
pany. »:-'.»¦>.,
Stmr Sar.ta Rnsa, Alexander, San Diego and
way rorts; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Ptmr Corona. Glelow, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Stfamshlp Company.
Bark Servln, Xelson. Karluk, Ladysmith, via
Port TownoenJ: Alaska Packers' Association.
SAILED.
";¦' ; 'ii" ; - -i^' ",£''•'¦ Friday. June 10.
1> S strnr C P Patterson, Pratt, cruise
Stmr Italnler. Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Jahnsen, Port Rodgers
i-tmr Chas Nrl.-nn, Pierce. Xome. via Seattle
Stmr Maggie. Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Asuncion. Brlde<-t. Portland
Stmr AVhltpoboro. OIseYi. Greenwood
Nor stmr Tollu*. .Arntren, Ladyrmlth B C.
Stmr GUjfv. Leland." Santa Crur.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson. .
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson Bolinas
Schr Abble, Lnrsen, . ,
Srhr Ilwaco, LVffingwfll. Halfmoon Bay.
fccnr North Bend. Jacknon, Grays Harbor.
Schr Conflanza, Johnson, Xotleys Landing.
SPOKEN.
June 6^Lat 4* N, Fr bark Guethary. from
Rotterdam, for San Francisco.
Feb 8— Lat 4!) t>. long 1U&-E, Br ship Ley
land Brothers, from Newcastle Aus, for Sa
llna Cruz.
j Per Neftraskan, JunO.'af 6 P m-rStmr City
or Pnra. from Panama, for San Francisco.
. May 20— Lat 42 20 S, long 07 57 XV. Fr bark
Suzanne-, from Havre, 'for Tahiti.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS,- June 10. 10 p m— \V*eathT
hazy;, wind N\V; velocity 12 miles per hour.
. . DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 10— Stmr Geo LooroK
for San Francisco: j>chr Geo \V Watson for
San Pedro:
Arrived June 0— Schr Sequoia, hence May
25; *cbr Minnie A Calne. from Hilo i
PORT TOWNKEND— Sailed June 10— G'r
ship ThekU, from Port Gamble, for Port Plrie
EUREKA— Sailed June »— Stmr Eureka for
San Francisco: stmr Allance, for Coos Bay and
Portland. June 10— Schr Ida McKay, for San
Francisco. ;
Arrived June 0— Stmr Arctic, hence June 8.
j June 10 — Uktn Amelia, hence June 4
Sailed June 10— Stmr.Prentls?, for San Fran
cisco. • . ¦
SEATTLE— Arrived June 10— Bktn Malta
well, hence May 2".
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Juae 10— Schr Ban
cor. from Port' Ludlow; schr Ethel Kane, from
Everett: schr Zamna. from Jirtoria; stmr
Robert Dollar. 'from Mukllteo.
Arrived June 10— Stmr Centralia. from Santa
Barbara; utmr Pasadena, from Eureka
Sailed June 10— Strar Centralia, for San
Franriaco. (
TATOOSH— Passed in June 10— BktiwHawall.
hence May 29 for Port Towugsnd; stmr Whlt
tler, hence June 3 for Seattle; bktn Fullerton,
hence. May a for . Seattle: Br bark Mel«nope,
hence May 27 for Port Townsend. ¦ ;"; ,. v. >
Passed out June K» — Schr Susie MJlummer,
from Victoria, for Nome: schr WiiA a Hol
den. from Port Townscnd, for Shangnat.
Pa.«t«M cut June 10 — Br ttmr Wyefleld, : f rorh
Nanalmo, tor San Francisco; ucJir-Scquel, Xrom
i Port Blakeley. for San Francisco.' .-/.-.
GRAYS HARBOR— SalleU June 9— Schr
Glendalf, for San Francisco..
Sailed June 10 — Srhr Expansion, for Re
dondo.
! SANTA BARBARA— Sailed June 10— Stmr
Bonlta. fc San Pedro: stmr State of Califor
nia for San Diego!
MARSHF1ELD— Arrived June 10— Stmr
Breakwater,, hence June 8. %
REDONDO— Sailed June 10— Stmr C?ntralia,
for San Francisco;- «mr Santa Barbara; for
San Franclwo; schr Muriel, for Honolulu
PORT I.UDLOW— Raied June 10 — Br' bark
Pass of Leny.for Australia.
FOP.T BRAGG— Arrived June 10— Stmr
Brunswick, hence June 0. .
POPVT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 10—
Stmr Santa Barbara, from Redondo.
SOUTH BKND— Sailed June- 10— Schr Ce
celia Sudden, for San Francisco.
WESTPORT— Sailed Jun« 10— Stmr Na
varro, for San Francisco.
> • ISLAND PORTS.
r •HONOLULU-'-'Arrlved June 10 — Strar Ala
nvda.- hence June 4.
MANILA — Arrived June S — Br stmr Trebla.
from Xfwcastle, Aus.
FOREIGN PORTS.
. COLON— Arrived June ft— Stmr Yucatan
from New York. ,¦
Sailed-.Iune H — Stmr Allianca, for New York
FALMOUTH — Arrived Jtin« 0 u r ship
Eurasia, hence Feb U. . ¦
KUCHINOTZU— Arrived May 20— Br • stmr
Robert Adamnon: to load for Honolulu
GENOA— Sailed May, IMJ—Ger stmr Abydos,
for £an Francisco.
. , ' - OCEAN STEAMERS.
COPENHAGEN— Arrivtd '{ June 10— Stmr
NOrge. frcm New York, via Chrlstlanla
¦ HAMBURG — Arrived . June -10 — Stmr Bel
gravla.from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbwrc.
CHOIST1ANSAND — Sailed June 9— Stmr
Hell IdTve. for New York: not previously
.-. SOUTHAMPTON-^Snlled June • 10— Stmr
Blucher. for New. York. •
, ¦ BOULOGNE— Arrived June 0— Stmr Noor
dam. from New .York.
NEW. YORK-^Sailed June 10— Stmr Celtic,
for Uverpol. • - ¦
Arrived June^lO — Stmr Campania, 'from Liv
erpool; and Oueenstown.- . •-¦ -. -
, PLYMOUTH— Arrived ¦ June 10— Stmr
Moltke, from New York. I
MARSEILLES— Arrived June 10— Stmr Cano
plc, from Boston, for Genoa and Naples. •
LIVKRPOOL^-Salled June 10— Stmr Arabic,"
for New York. * via Oueenstown. -
1 ROTTERDAM '— Arrived June 10— Stmr
Noordam, from New York, via Boulogne.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 10^—Stmr Lu
canta, from New Tork, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded: «tmr Cretle, for Boston,- from Liver
pool, and proceeded. '
The Third Artillery band will ar
rive at noon to' open' the season, and
for three months, through the gener
osity of the citizens of the city, there
will be band Concerts every afternoon
and evening on the beach and on Pa
cific avenue.
The schedule includes some of the
best bands in California, including the
Boys' Cadet band of San Francisco,
Stockton Boys' band, Nevada City
band. Raisin City band of Fresno, In
dian Boys' band of Phoenix, Ariz.;
Thirteenth Infantry band of Angel
I&Iand and Third Artillery band of the
Presidio.' •
-A great, programme, has been ar
ranged for the dedication to-night. At
7 o'clock a procession is to form, and,
headed by the Third Artillery band,
the members of the Board of Trade,
Promotion Committee and citizens,
will mnrch amid the glare of red flre
and fireworks to the beach, where the
electrical display Is to be held. A grand
promenade. concert- is to take place at
8 o'clock ¦ from the new band stand.
There will be fireworks at the pleas
ure pier, and at 10 o'clock will be held
the grand dedication ball, preceded by
an address by Mayor Clark. «
The pleasure pier is one of the great
est Improvements. It extends from be
tween the plunge and the hot baths
nearly 400 feet across the sand Into
the surf.
SANTA CRUZ, June 10.— To-morrow
will mark an epoch in the history of
Santa Cruz, when the new Tented City,
Casino and pleasure pier will be dedi
cated. Excursions are to be' run and
the city will be crowded with people.
The Casino and hot baths'rise at the
water's edge and present the appear
ance of an oriental city. -The Casino is
an imposing bit of architecture in
Moorish design.
The place is fitted up with . a roof
garden, on which will. be served re
freshments. The prevailing colors are
buff with green trimmings. - The main
floor downstairs is fitted up for conces
sions, penny arcades and barber shop.
The room Is S0x200 feet in size and the
¦walls and ceiling 'are finished in the
natural pine. The beams are studded
with electric lights. On the upper floor
Is one of the largest and finest ball
rooms in California, it being 80 feet,
wide and more than 200 feet long. At
one end is «. stage, outlined with elec
tric lights, and from which vaudeville
performances are to be given. A gal
lery studded' with lights extends the
entire length of the ballroom. Dances
are to be given nightly,. as an orchestra
is to be at the Casino dally, and every
day during the summer there will be a
military band also in atendance. A
grill on the upper floor "is a feature.
The dressing-rooms for. the surf bath
ers are large and sunny.
The band stand, from which n daily
concerts are to b£ given. Is in keeping j
with the prevailing style of architec
ture. The esplanade and pleasure pier
are both illuminated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The commission formally accented
the Earl Curhmings fountain in front
of the conservatory. Golden Gate
Park.
Commissioner Lloyd announced that
f»x-Judge Murphy had drawn an or
dinance re-enacting and vitalizing or
dinances hitherto adopted. The new
order was read and laid over until the
next meeting of the board.
Commissioner Altman spoke of an
interview he recently had with Paul
Steindorf in reference to choral socie
ties singing at the park. It was the
yense of the board that Director Stein
dorf should enlist the services of sing
ers. A temporary platform will be
erected at the music concourse.
Acknowledgment was made of
many contributions to. the memorial
museum. Commissioner Lloyd gives
to the park several rare and valuable
coins and also a gold bronzed copy of
the London Mail, Queen's jubilee edi
tion. The number contains a fac
*im:Ie of the paper issued at the iime
of th<? Queen's coronation.
Joseph Cleary, acting superintend
ent, was directed to warn pedestrians
r gainst using paths assigned to wheel-
The superintendent's report for the
month of May states that the under
ground reservoir near the Dutch wind
mill en the ocean beach has been
T\idened an d deepened so that it will
supply 500,000 gallons of water a day.
During the month of May seven miles
of roadway, fifty feet wide, was oiled.
The profits of the Children's Play
ground for the month of March were
JH34. The receipts amounted to
$3752 tO.
Th* Japanese Tea Garden for the
same month returned a profit of J125 SI.
Commissioner Dingee called the
board's attention to the neglected con
dition of the garden and Commissioner
Altman was requested to look to the
premises.
In anticipation of the award of
yearly contracts for supplies the San
Francisco Labor Council sent to the
hoard a list of "unfair" houses with
a request that such houses be not pat
ronized. The Commissioners ruled
that the charter required award to the
lowest responsible bidder.
Park Commissioners Reuben H.
LJoyd, A. Altmaa and W. J. Dingee at
tended a regular meeting of the board
at Mr. Lloyd's office yesterday after
noon. Commissioner Dingee was called
to the chair in the absence of A. B.
Fpreckels, president of the commission.
A. S. Campbell, representing residents
of the Ocear.side district, south of the
park, requested the widening of the
boulevard south of H Etreet. He re
ported that the automobiles traveled
rapidly en that section of the boulevard.
Th« pace at night was terrific* he said.
He also asked for a driveway from the
intersection of H street and Forty
foventh avenue to the park. The board
•Took the requests under advisement.
J. H. Todd, speaking for the members
of the Model Yacht Club, frankly in
formed the Commissioners that ma
terial aid in the construction of the
proposed house at- Spreckels Lake
could not be provided by the club. The
amount so far contributed is less than
SSOO. A structure costing 514,000 is con
tomplatefi by the board. The Commis
sioners were told at the outset that
Commodore I. Gutte and. other promis
ing yachtsmen would raise a large sum
of money to aid the enterprise. The
subject was postponed for further con
sideration.
People Will Celebrate Com
pletion »of the Amusement
Places by Grand Display
Contribute Only Few Hun
dred Dollars Toward the
Building to House Models
LIKE A FAIRY CITY
YACHTSMEN KEEP 1 COIN
Oceanside Residents Say
Autos Tear Along Narrow
Boulevard at Terrific Bate
Enterprising Citizens Beady
for the Opening of Casino
and the. Pleasure Pier
GAY IN COLOR
IS SANTA CRUZ
SEEKING ROOM
FOR MOBILES
NEBRASKAN SHOWS PRACTICABILITY
OF LIQUID FUEL FOR LONG VOYAGES
American-Hawaiian i Steamship Company's Freighter; Recently
Converted Into an Oil Burner, Makes the i^vi^O Mile Run
From New York to This Port Without Replenishing Tanks
THE SANr FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY;, JUNE 11; 1904;
AMERICAN-HAWAIIAN STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S BIG OIL-BURNING FREIGHTER NEBRASKAN. WHICH ARRIVED HERE
YESTERDAY FROM NEW YORK. HAVING STEAMED 13.150 MILES WITHOUT A SINGLE STOP TO REPLENISH HEK
SUPPLY OP LIQUID FUEL. SHE BROUGHT 5000 TONS OF CARGO.
7
-The Call's Cook Book prem-
funt offer will close on August
30, 1DO1, and all readers of this
paper who de&irc a copy of tills
household treasure should not
fall to place their order Im-
mediately.
Tills splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per copy. Out of town
orders 25 cents additional to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion charce*.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 1904..
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamers I«av» Broadway
/^.v^^SWV '"Carves, piers 9 and 11.
A/Z_~ San Francisco.
f«/WO^sS» V*\ For Xetchlkan. WrinitL
I I V1>hH 1 1 Juneau. Haines, Skaruay.
1 I V MIlkiiA / J ftc. Alatka— 11 a. m. Jun»
v#\ \>^f>«f/ *. •• 14 - 19 ' 24 « July °-
VjiO 1 ><Jy Change to Company's steam-
>5fi5rSC? y «™ » l Seattle.
- For Victoria, Vancourer.
Pert Vuwiiseod. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Belllnsham— 11 a. m.." June 4. ft. 14. 19. 24.
Julr 6. Chans* at Seattle to this company- »
•teamers (or Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at S*attl«
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: *t Vancouver to
C; P. Ry. . „
For Eureka (Humboldt BayV- Pomona. 1:30
p m., June 3. 9. 15. 21. 27. July 3. Corona.
1:30' p. m.. June «. 12. 13. 24. 30, July «.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los AnceUs and
Redondo). San Dle*o a«d Santa Barbara—
fenta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Armeies <vla. San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Saat* Crux. Mont-
erer, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford <San
Luis ObiFpo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. June 8. 16. 24. July 1
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Juce 4, 12. 20. 23. July «.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maxatlan." Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
ealla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. ra.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904— Thu
palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria, Jun» 7.
21. July S. 19, Auk. 2. 16.
For further Information obtain folder. Rlrnt
Is reserved to chanre steamers or salllnc dates.
TICKET OPTICXS — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.and Broad-
way wharves. Frelft-ht Office, 10 Market st
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
ftamburg-Jtmerican.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURG
THE GREAT OCEAN TIYEE.
S. S. Deutschland
686'^ ft. long— 23% knots average speed.
Satis June 9, July 7. Au«r. 4. Sept. 1.
Hamburg ..... .Juno 16 n.Mol t ke June 30
Phoenicia June is tPatrtcIa July 2
t*Bluecher June 2.T *DeutschIand ...July 7
Pennsylvania ..June 23jBeIgravla July 0
'Has grillroom and tgymnaslum on board.
twill call at Dover only.
KAMBTTBO.-AXERZOAN X.TSCE.
Offices :i3 and 37- Broadway. New Tork.
HERZOG & COh 4OI CALIFORNIA ST.
O. R. & N. CO.
COLUMBIA salts June 0. 10 and 28. July «.
IS -26. GEO. W. ELDER sails June 1. 11 and
21. July 1. 11. 21. Only steamship Iln« to
PORTLAND, i OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Throujcb tickets to
all points. Steamer tickets include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Oen. Art. Pass. Dept.. I
Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Afsnt
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
oceanics.s.co. s^s
S. S. VENTURA, for. Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs.. June 16. 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. -for Honolulu. Jun? 25, 11 am.
3 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a. ra.
J.D.SPKECKELS 4 BROS. Ca,AltS.,TiCi« 01C3 613 iir-
teL, rreigut oia3mfimiit..-:i > »r/.mt: ::. ,
- t'OKPASNIS GENERALS TEAH3ATLiNTIQi;i
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAPJS. m++^
Salllns every Thursday instead oCjfturafi.
Saturday, .at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.' «w ¦UB~
'. North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. See.
ond* class to Havre, )4& and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOB UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, A Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. .
The Perfect Can Opener— Ecee This Week Want Advertisers in Next Sunday Edition
¦ AD \TEBTISE2sLE2JT3.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must bear
Fac-simile Signature of /^^p^^
FXmP2/£myiffW *+. TkKnr h if 1* li IS 0
J**5&2$&J^ *bsoiuttly Cure|| H U at ELa Uam
>»^^^^Q SICK HEADACHE. 0 \M E*
TORPID LIVER. Bg •¦ -W- kil\
/mum \ll furred tongue.^^ »^h n n if%
fjri/in S^ INDIGESTION. \%U 53 1 ILi_^5ffli
*li Jf CONSTIPATION J^^ H^ B «¦&¦
SALLOW SKIN MSH^MSBH>aifflHfflB
¦ ¦% irr r— > Small Pill.
Thty TOUCH the fca,! If lun »m4lll»rie^
Genuine Wrapper Printed on — '
RED PAPER BLACK LETTERS si&^^JZZZ^^^S
Look tor the Signature
I Easier to Go Than 1
§ to Stay at Home I
H A trip to the World's Fair is now about the |
p| easiest thing in the world. Take a Burlington . [I
|1 Route sleeper in San Francisco; leave it in St. Louis.- JUt
H En route, comfortable berths and excellent din-; j
pi '*. ners. /No .changes — no delays. A quick trip |
pi /as well as a comfortable one. j I
|1 /Let me tell you more about it. The par- j
Si .ticulars are interesting. .And to get them, it is * [
M only necessary that you mail me your name and £ I
address on the followine coupon. » L 1
FioS * ¦ ¦ * ~ i ¥ ft i - ' - *j " ** \
[^CTB , • - "- ¦' \* m '¦'¦ MP4 . ¦ "I
tM W. D. : SAN BORN, General Agent Burlington Route. v rj
K^ 631 Market Street. SAN FRANCISCO. \ j
pa 8«od*me complete information about the World's Fair trip. W
h9 Name \ i ¦ f : -J
p| Address I I
| OCEAN TBAVEL. v^.
AME2ICAN JJ3TZ.
Plymouth — Cberboursr — Southamptoa.
From New Tork. Saturdays. »:M a., m.
Philadelphia June 13! Germanic .July 3
St. Louis June 25, St. Paul July J
ATXJMrnC TRANSPORT L15E.
H«w Tork — London Direct.
Minneapolis June 1», » a. m.
Mesaba June 25, 9 a.' m.
Mlnnetonka July 2. 9 a. m.
Mtrnehaha, July ». 2 p. m.
Only flrst-class passengers carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Southwark June lSIVancnuver July a
Canada June 23,Kensington July 9
KOUA1TO-AMXRXCA LINE.
Xew Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.500 Tons.
New Tork — Rotterdam. Via Booloffa*.
Salllnj Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam June 21 Noordam. ...*. .July S
Rycdam June 23 Statendam July 13
RED STAR LINE.
Hew Tork — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York. Saturdays at 1O:3O a. m.
Zeeland June 1»| Vaderland July 3
Finland June 28lKroonland July 9
WHITE STAB LINE.
Sew York— QueenitowTi— Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Majestic. June 22.10 am Teutonic. .July 6.10 in
Arabic. . .June 24. X pm Ceitlc July 8.1 pir»
Oceanic. .June 29. 7 am Baltic July 13.3 pm
Boston — Qaeensrtcwn — Liverpool.
Cymric June 16, July 14. Aug. 1*
Cretlc '- .' June 30. July 29. Aug. 2A
Republic tnewi July 7 Aug. II, Sept. S
NEW SERVICES FROM BOSTON
Fast Twls-Screw Steamers
of 11.40O to 15.CC0 tons.
'••'.. '¦'• I \BOSTON DIRECT TO THE
MEDITERRANEAN. VIA AZORES.
OIBKALTAB. NAPLES. GENOA.
P.OMANIC June IS. July 30. Sept. IT
CANOPIC July 2. Aug. 27. Oct: <
First class. $65 upward, depending on date.
C. V. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco. •
To TT. 8. Havy Tard ana Vallajo.
STMRS. OEN. FR1SBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW— 9:43 A. M.. 12:3O noon. 3:13 P. M.
6:CO P. M., 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays
0:43 A. M.. 8:3O P. M. Leave Vallejo 7:0tt
A. M.. 9:00 A. M. 12:30 NOON. 3:13 P. M..
6:00 P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays 7 :0O a. M..
4:15 P. M. Far* on* way. 50c. Landing and
office. Pier 2. foot Mission st. Pbon* Mala
1S08. HATCH BRO8.
GONOKEHEA A9S. CBI1UBT DI3C3AS3S3
£*[ C£a * \| k |f iff * W MBk
A CURE IN «» 1IOCR3.
fEEKinALi
16 Pages. SI per Yea*A police officer was caught in a saloon. a few days
ago while he was supposed to be on duty, and the Police
Department is greatly agitated thereat.' Our local guar
dians of the' aeace have made saloons their headquarters
ip frequently I that; one is at a loss to explain the
flurry that has , followed. the expose of one poor, lone
offender., . His dereliction evidently is not in what he
did, but in being discovered. .^
American marksmen/ hold their honor in such high
esteem that, rather than aJccept a trophy from BVitish
competitors who were beaten in K a recent contest and
now question the decision the prize has been re
turned and the triumph repudiated. The Americans are
fortified any way by the conviction that the victory may
be repeated at any time and under conditions at which
even British opinion cannot cavil. .
ONLY a few months ago the critics of President
Roosevelt were loudly deploring the fact, which
they assumed, that he was putty, in the hands of
the politicians and that he submitted to their dicta
tion in all things. They were' appalled at this, and de
manded a man for President who would not only man
age his own campaign, but run his own, administration.
Now the same horn toots another tune. The Presi
dent has selected the astute and: irreproachable Cortel
you for chairman of the National Committee, and being
chosen nominee and leader of his party, has set. the
campaign in*thefield in form to command the confidence
of the country. This independence appals the same
critics, who' have just got done -saying: that he' was a.
dough ball without independence or initiative or cour
age: " Tfiey now point with pride to Judga Parker of
Esopus,. who broods the Hudson like a sphinx, says
nothing and does nothmg,-whileTl)ave- Hill selecfs the
GRAPHITE— A. A., City. The great
est quantity of graphite is obtained
from Ceylon and Austria-Hungary. It
is produced in smaller quantities in Ba
varia. Italy, Siberia,- Mexico. Japan.
Canada and in the following sections of
the American Union: Hague, N. . Y.;
Pennsylvania, Alabama, Wyoming,
North Carolina. Wisconsin, Mich
igan and Rhode Island. Graphite has
been found In California. , but there i3
no production thereof. The American
graphite has been found to compare
favorably with that found in Ceylon. •
THE PRESIDENT'S CRITICS.
Diaz and Mexico.
In the marvelous development of
Mexico in the past generation Diaz has
played the leading part. Among the
foremost achievements of the existing
.Mexican government must be counted
the founding of a national school
system, free from sectarian influence.
The strong hand of the President is
also seen in the marvelous regeneration
of the capital city, which is now
drained by the greatest piece of
sanitary engineering in the world, ai\d
which is being rapidly modernized in
the matter of good, pavements, parks
public buildings and canals.
Another great achievement of • the
Diaz administration has been the Im
provement of Mexican harbors on the
Gulf and the 'Pacific. The latter fact
is especially notable in the instance of
th<> Tehuantepec route. By this high
way goods in transit from Atlantic
ports to California have an advantage
; of, 1500 miles over the proposed Panama
i canal." . r '
- Conspicuous, also, has been the rail
FRENCH ABBREVIATION— J. &
H., City.. If a person sending out wed
ding cards receives a personal card
from any one to whom such have been
sent and the card has written upon It
the letters "P. F.," these mean congrat
ulations. They are the abbreviation of
the French words "Pour feliciter."
The municipal authorities of New York have adopted
such regulations regarding the construction of new
theaters that apparently every safeguard possible to "hu
man ingenuity has been called into service. The dan
ger from panic has been made very remote, and there
is gratificatiAi that the horror of .Chicago has not been
altogether in vain. These facts may be of interest to
our own city officials, who have talked much and have
done nothing to improve and correct the condition of
our theaters. ,
GERMAN CONSUL— E. L. S.. May
field, Cal. The German Consul in San
Francisco Is Adolph Rosenthal, 313 Sac
ramento street. He is Consul for the «n
tlre State of California. He ts also the
Consul for Germany for Arizona, Idaho.
Montana. Nevada, Oregon. Utah, Wash
ington and Alaska. There is no German
Consul In Los Angeles. 'C/-Z'S*
Has Kuroki French Blood?
Several French soldiers, survivors of
the Chineese expedition of 1856. are
responsible for the statement that
General Kuroki, who is leading the
Japanese forces in Manchuria, is in
reality, half French. His name, they
say. is properly spelled Curique. Ac
cording to the story of these soldiers,
a French officer, Captain Curique,
while serving in China in 1S56. mar
ried a Japanese girl. A son was Jaorn
to them, who was given the Japanese
name Kuroki, corresponding to the
French Curique. The son is General
Kuroki. Captain Curique died last
year In France. Until v the last he cor
responded with his son, who has since
become famous. s ;"'
COIN QUESTIONS— Several Sub
scribers. This department answers
questions relative to the value of coins
through the medium of the mail. Cor
respondents desiring information of
that character should, with the query,
inclose a self-addressed and stamped
envelope. • . .
Ansivers to Queries.
THE MAINE— T. K. S., City. The of
ficial records of the Spanish-American
war do not show that the Spanish Gov
ernment after the sinking of the Maine
in the harbor of Havana offered to
raise the vessel.
bey" — the new Berlin cathedral, or
•Dom," as it is called in Berlinese —
vill be dedicated with brilliant cere
monies in January*, 1905. January 27.
the Kaiser's birthday, will probably be
chosen as the exact date, as the cathe
dral is the Kaiser's personal project,
initiated by him shortly arter he came
to the throne. The magnificent edifice,
which stands in the Lustgarten direct
ly opposite the north entrance of the
royal castle, has been building for
eleven "years, the cornerstone having
been laid in June, 1894, and it repre
sents a cost of nearly $3,000,000. The
Kaiser planned originally. to spend 5.1,
000,000, but the Prussian legislature de
cided to vote only half that amount of
state funds for the purpose.
Of German white sandstone and
heroic Roman architecture, the new
Cathedral will be a fitting addition to
Berlin's . many fine public structures.
The dome of the building rises to the
commanding height of 305 feet, and it
will be surmounted by a gigantic gold
en crucifix, 30 feet high. Four hand
some bell towers rise at each corner
of the almost square building to a
height 51 197 feet. The magnificent ex
terior effect Is Mill further heightened
by a series of marble statues, set In
niches or adorning the coping ,at var
ious points.' Above the main entrance
to the cathedral is a statue in copper
of the Savior, 20 feet -In height, exe
cuted by the well known- Berlin sculp
tor, Professor Schapef. The architects
of the cathedral, which Is certain to
rank as one of the great fanes of con
tinental Europe, are Proressor Julius
Raschdorff and his son of Berlin.
The new cathedral is the successor of
the old Berlin "Dora" anfl stands on
the selfsame spot. Tlje ancient struc
ture, which was razed to make room
for the new, was 200 years old. It had
been the traditional resting place of
«U the Hohenzollern Kings, with few
exceptions, together with their <:on
gorts and offspring. The new cathe
dral has risen over their sepulchers,
which were restored and covered be
fore the foundations of the present
¦tructure were finally laid. Frederick
the Great and the Kaiser's grand
father, Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, are
not buried \ in the "Dom," but com
memorative sepulchers in their honor,
es well as in honor of Bismarck,
Moltke, Goethe, Schiller and many
other great Germans, will probably be
erected in the new cathedral. Empercr
William intends that it shall be the
fame sacred shrine for Germans that
Westminster Abbey is for .English
men. ¦ ;.. ... .
The interior of^the cathedral is in
keeping, of course? with its palatial ex
terior. Magnificent mural paintings by
Professor Anton von —Werner,, Ger
many's first living artist, will be the
chief feature. Biblical
scenes representing " the life of Christ
will appear in the interior, of the dome.
Marble statuary, by the first German
•culptors will also be found In pro
fusion; representations of - Luther " and
Melancthon, Zwingli" and Calvin,' to
gether with Frederick the Wise of Sax
ony, Luther's preat royal 'protector,
Joachim II. Elector of Bmndenb'urg,'
Pbilip the Courageous of Saxony, Al-
1853, the year of Commodore Perry's
famous visit to Japan. At the age of
lft he attracted the attention of Mar
quis Kuroda, one of the richest and
most powerful of the old Daimios of
Japan, who. determined to provide for
his education. arrd sent him in 1871 to
Boston. After v h.is studies at the Rice
School and the English High School,
young Kaneko entered the law offlce
of Messrs. Gray & Swift, his v work
there being largely directed by Oliver
¦Wendell Holmes Jr., now of ,the Unit
ed States Supreme Court. ' During his
course in the Harvard law ' school,
from which he graduated ln-187S/ *
Returning to Japan immediately af
ter graduation, he was in 1880 ap
pointed secretary of the Senate and
had assigned to him the task of ex
amining the constitutions of all the
states of Europe and America, in
preparation for the impending change
In the Government of his native.coun
try. Four years afterward he became
secretary to Marquis (then Count)
Ito and was appointed on the commis
sion to draft the new constitution. The
following year, continuing in the sarn-.>
line of work, he was on the commis
sion to reorganize the administrative
departments of the Government* For
the service thus rendered, on the pro
mulgation of the constitution he was
rewarded with the decoration of the
Order of the Sacred Treasure. "V:-',
In 1889, receiving an appointment
as imperial commissioner to study the
actual workings of parliamentary .in
stitutions, he traveled extensively in
Europe and America, and- on his re
turn, as chief secretary o< the House
of Peers, superintended the organiza
tion of the new Japanese Parliament.
In 1892, having been elected a mem
ber of the Institute of International
Law, 'Mr. Kaneko attended the meet
ing in Geneva, where hij plea for the
abolition of extraterritoriality was in
fluential in determining the favorable
vote of the institute. In 1894, be?
coming .Vice Minister of Agrlzulture
and Commerce, he was again honored
by the Emperor with an appointment
as life member, of the House of Peers
and received the, additional decoration
of the'Order of the Rising_ Sun. Re
signing his office on a charge of min
istry in 1898, when Xfarquls Ito again
came into power, Mr. Kaneko entered
his cabinet a.s Minister pf Agriculture
and Commerce, holding the office un
til the premier again retired. - Since
then he has been Mayor of one of the
Tokio municipalities.
¦ "While Baron Kaneko . has come to
America as a special envoy of the Jap
anese Emperor," his field of activity
is commercial and economic rather
than, narrowly speaking, ! diplomatic:
Broadly speaking, hOwever^it is dip
lomatic, for, his Government, looWng
hopefully toward the end of the pres
ent struggle, realizesMhe growing lm*
portance at the UriiteTL States on the
Pacific and believes that a community
of trade interests between the two na
tions, convincingly demonstrated and
carried into effect, will, with the' An
glo-Japanese ; constitute an
Impassable barrier to future Asiatic
encroachments by Russia or any other
power., ....... ...... I...... ./.._„...../.,
called down the wrath of judgment
upon his head. The Chinaman had just
set a pile of steaming "bucks" on the
table, and the Italian immediately
reached out and transferred the whole
of the hot cakes to his own plate. Then
there was something doing.
Big Jem Blake, who was sitting fully
ten feet up the table from the uncon
scious cause .of the tension in. the air.
saw the transfer of the "bucks" and
acted forthwith. ' Rising from his
bench, he planted himself squarely on
his hands and knees in the middle of
the table and commenced a rapid pro
gress down the length of the cluttered
oilcloth. With knee in butter and coat
dragging coffee cups from their saucers.
Big Jem shuffled on down the table un
til he had reached the place where the
Italian sat open-mouthed in wonder
ment.
Without a word or a flickering of an
eyelid Big Jem reached out one brawny
paw and grasped the Italian by the
chin whiskers, giving them a downward
wrench which made the jaw creak.
With the other hand he gathered up
the pile of hot cakes and thrust the
whole, steaming, into the wide-open
mouth of the victim.
Then he crawled carefully back down
the length of tMe table and took hio
seat as if he were at a church service.
An Ancient Bell.
The oldest bell in the United States
is on exhibition in the New Mexico
building of the "World's Fair. Th£ bell
was brought from Spain on one of th«
first expeditions to Mexico by Father
Juan de Padilla, one of tne Franciscan
fathers who accompanied Coronado to
New Mexico. It was hung in one of
the mission churches established in one
of the seven cities of Cibola. From
there it was taken to Gran Quivera,
where it was hung in a church of
which the ruins are still visible. From
Gran Qnivera it was taken to Algo>
dones. where it has hung in the parish
church ever since. Father Padilla was
killed by his guides while on the way
from Gran Quivera to Algodones. The
bell weighs exactly 193 pounds. It was
baptized Maria Josefa. It was cast in
the year A. D. 1353, according to the
inscription which is cast in the bell.
The "F" in the word "Josefa" . is in
verted, and the" letters "S" and "E"
are transposed, the mistake evidently
haAng been made in the mold.
HE THRUST- THE HOT CAKES
INTO THE VICTIM'S WIDE-OPEN
MOUTH.
THE DOM. BERLIN'S Sy'EW CATHEDRAL BflLT AT THE COMMANDS OF
KAISER VtII.HKI.MXS A KCSTIN'G-PLACE FOR THE- BOXES OF OVER
EIGHTY MEMBERS OF THE HOHENZOLLERNS.
"Bug All Anvke."
Because Lem Wah. Chinese passen
ger agent for the Canadian Pacific
Railroad, doubted his ability to tell the
truth by the "Melical God." Mr. Coul
ter, Clerk of the Children's Court, in
augurated a brand new oath yesterday
morning. Lem wanted to swear that
Joseph Volensky. 11 years old. owner
of several names and a ver>\red head,
had broken his windows.
"Swear to tell the truth, the whole
truth and nothing but the 'ruth, by the
God of your own choice," he said.
"Slay it again. Slow," asked Lem.
"By the God. of your own choice.**
repeated Mr. Coulter, and then the
Chinaman began.
"Melican bloy velly bad. Judge." he
said. "They bleak windows and ?lob«»
and slings. Velly bad. They blake for
more'n a yeal. Now. bug all awake."
Judge Zeller looked puzzled. "What
are you talking about? Stick to the
case." he remarked.
"Bug all awake — done tuln ovler
now," continued Lem.
"He's trying to say the worm has
turned." explained Mr. Coulter.— New
York Sun.
TO-MORROW The Sunday Call will publish the
first installment of "The Fugitive," a new novel
by Ezra ~S. Brudno, which, notwithstanding the
title, is /nowise sensational or melodramatic in either
plot or treatment. On the contrary, it is as simple, di
rect and sincere as are all the narratives of men who
have' suffered long and severely, and learned theovays
of the world through hard, bitter experience, and who,
therefore,~write of the things that they know, and not
merely the things they imagine.
Without doubt it is for this reason that "The Fugi
tive," which came fresh from the authbr to the pub
lishers only three months' ago, and which is said to be
a frank expose of the writer's own life, is already at
tracting wide and critical attention, not only in America
but in Europe as well. Indeed, notwithstanding it has
been so little advertised, the leading booksellers of San
Francisco in particular already declare it will be one
of the most popular novels of the year.^
In a new way it depicts the life of the Jews, both in
Russia and America, describing, not so much as may,
be supposed from the title of the book,- their fanatical
persecution under the rule of the Czar, or'^the merely
humorous feature of their life in the Ghetto of New
York, as their inner hopes and fears, their religion, their
family customs, their ambitions, the secret of tbeir law
of intermarriage and the causes that have led the race
to be the fugitive of the world wherever they may turn.
In tiiis sense it is a remarkable book, a truly powerful
series of word pictures that linger in the memory of
the reader long'after the. book itself has been put. aside.
Even to those who know the Czar's domains and the
social and political conditions more than'passing well
"The Fugitive" will be a revelation, while it departs>iar
from the popular traditions of the Ghetto in the final
scenes that are laid in^this seething section of^New
York. ' . r.
It will be published complete in five installments, and
in order to make its appearance all the more notable,
Mr. Bert, Levy, who is just arrived from Australia, has
been specially commissioned to remain in San Francisco
and illustrate it from beginning to end in his best style,
exclusively for The Sunday Call.
Mr." Levy, who is himself a Jew, is one of the best
known artists in the Antipodes. Thus under The Sun
day Call's liberal and progressive literary policy of giv
ing its readers the very . latest high-class literature by
the most notable authors in the world, tRere has been
secured not only the novel, of the hour by a writer of
unquestioned ability, but the > work of an able artist
from another far distant quarter of the globe, both
brought' together for ihc first time~1n one edition to
picture the sorrows and sufferings, the' ideals and the
history of their own race.
But apart from the first installment of "The Fugitive,"
The Sunday Call to-moorrovv will contain many other
interesting and important features, notably the first
photograph yet* presented of the men of the nations
whom the Mikado seeks to keep off the firing line; the
photograph's of the first Esquimaux school in the
shadow of the North* Pole; the "Arts and Crafts Move
ment in America," written by Gustav Stickley, editor
of "The Craftsman"; the. "Right and Wrong Time to
Punish Children," by William J. Shearer; "Our Dese
crated Flag," a most timely treatise, by Nellie Blessing
Eyster, illustrated with a striking picture of the new
Francis Scott Key monument; "The Child Model* of the
Studios," with a full page of photographs; the answers
to questions of "What Women Want to Know," by
Madge Moore; "Wagneristic Stage Manners," humor
ously dissected by Jerome K. Jerome ;,"Sankey's Double
Header," an exciting, half humorous, but- at times'wholly
pathetic railroad story, by Frank H. Spearman; "The
Second Violin," by Otto B. Senga; the new multiple
color music page; the full-page picture from life of
"Driving in the Park.'V-and many other articles which
space will not permit enumerating.
THE SUNDAY CALL,
Keen observers, of passing events have noted the' fact
that the closing- of the New York poolrooms has re
sulted in a tremendous increase in the attendance of
men and women at the racetrack. The outcome should
be accepted with complacency, as it greatly simplifies
the work of the police and' 'materially reduces the
ground of inquiry and search for merchants that hire
gambling clerks and bookkeepers. > ]
way development, of which the Te
huantepec is the latest phase. At the
beginning of the first term of President
Diaz, in 1S77, but one railway— the
Mexican: or Vera Cruz line, 2S3 miles
in length— existed in the republic. In
1880 the two great systems of the Mexi
can National and Mexican Central
railroads were commenced. Railroads*
now traverse every State except Lower
California, Tabasco and Campeachy.
At present ab«ut 12,000 miles of rail
road, operated by ten companies, .are
in service. ft;";-.*'-
An equally remarkable feature has
been the solving of national financial
problems. When Diaz came I»to power
the public debt amounted to above
$150,000,000, and the annual deficit in
national revenues was near $10,000,000.
In fourteen years the debt has been
reduced £0 per cent and the Govern
ment's income had met expenses.—
' BERLIN, May 20.— Above the bones
and ashes of no less tha^i pignty-seven
of Kaisrr Wilhelm's Hohenzollern an
cestors, Germany's "Westminster Ab-
Special Correspondence.
Gennanx's 1 1 'estimustcr.
In the big camp there at Deer Creek
mills there is an unwritten law that
Italians, even If they are suffered to
work in the same county with "white
men," must not dare to associate on
anything like familiar terms with the
superior breed fit mankind. Above all
else they must eat at the side table m
the cook house, and never at the "white
man's" table. This fact was unknown
to the newly employed son of Sicily
who dropped into the camp on the early
•train and sat him down a£ the "white
man's" table for breakfast.
Nothing was said by any of the
'|white men"— they' contented them
selves with dark looks anil .open re
marks about the "gall" of the Italian
until, all unknowing, the newcomer
Courtesy in a lumber camp might be
said to be in a primitive stage; its
manifestations are sporadic as they are
unheralded. The courtly actions of big
Jem Blake up at Towles* lumber camp
In Nevada County will testify to this
assertion.
Big Jem's Politeness.
Kaneko, Japan's Minister.
A man much in the public eye just
now is Baron Kentaro Kaneko, bacb>
elor of laws and doctor of laws t Har
vard University, member of the Jap
anese House of Peers, formerly Min
ister of State for Agriculture ( and
Commerce, one of the four authors of
the Japanese constitution arid special
envoy to America of the Japanese
Emperor. He has made many friends
end aroused much Interest "by his ad
dresses at Harvard, where he has .been
a guest of the Japan Club, and else
where and by his published articles on
Japan's law and constitution and oh
the war In the Far . East. The July
Ontury also announces an article
from his pen, "The Magna Charta of
Japan." .
Baron Kentaro Kaneko was born in
THE socialism of the world; as a cult is just now
directed from Italy. The Italian socialists* haye
been divided into two wings, led respectively by
Bissolati, the reformist or conservative, and by Labfi
61a, the revolutionist. The party has just held its
annual congress at Bologna, and after a • serious clash
and heated discussion the revolutionists won. The re
formist programme, submitted by Bissolati, included
recognition of the existing institutions of government
and denunciation of the tyranny of capitalism, Jmt, also,
the proposition to support such measures of other par
ties in the government as would advance the socialist
ideas, such as government ownership of public utilities.
In opposition Labriola submitted this: "Reaffirming
the permanent and intransigent revolutionary character
of the party of the proletariat in opposition to the
bourgeois- state (the term borghesia now comprises all
classes outside the proletary), the congress declares
that the transformation of the political organization of
the proletariat into a parliamentary, opportunist, con
stitutional and possibly monarchial organization is a
degeneration of the socialistic spirit, inconsistent with
the spirit of class warfare, with the very essence of
the conquest by the proletaries of the government (pub
lici poteri). Hence it . repudiates collaboration with
any other class— not only participation in any monarchi
cal government, but also systematic support of any
bourgeois government, whatsoever tendencies it may
evince, even if reforms proposed may be partially useful
.to the working classes." . '
It was explained that by "bourgeois state" is meant
such republican governments as France and the United
States. This programme had one-fourth more votes
than the other, thus reversing the conservative action
of the last congress at Imola. The socialists all« over
the world hiive looked for inspiration to this Italian
congress, and its declaration of class? warfare will be
found the inspiring, force oj the'party in all countries.
It is explained that since the Imola congress 'the
revolutionists have gained strength by promoting labor
strikes and increasing friction with the employers of
labor, but that this bourse has had the effect of diminish
ing the sympathy for labor on the. part of those here
tofore friendly. But the revolutionists have been com
pensated for this loss of support of labor by the alle
giance of that very laboring class whose troubles have
been increased by their violence and recklessness. In
a highly classified society like that- of Italy, it might
be taken for granted that no further effort to stratify
society would be necessary. But the socialists seem to
realize that they require the elimination of all sympa
thy with the country and its institutions 'and of all sense
of community of interest with their fellow men who
do not see as they do. ,
It is evident that this revolutionary idea is the strong
est sentiment among socialists in this country, and that
they feel the same necessity for the isolation of a class
which they can lead as soon as it feels its complete
separation from the 'body of the community. This ex
plains the insidious development of class feeling here.
The American idea of long the motive of all our
people, was that we had no .distinct class among us.
Labor was held by allAmericans .to be dignified and
the first of man's natural rights. The broad opportunity,
open to all men, if rightly used, held open the door of
hope to every laborer, and the workingman of to-day
could by thrift, temperance and economy "become the
independent man of to-morrow. So, also, the capitalist
of to-day might in the mutations of fortune become the
workingman of to-morrow.
All observers appreciate the decline of that idea and
its substitution by a distinctly class spirit. Everything
tltat force and policy .can do is being done to inculcate
the socialist idea,. that a man must live and die in the
sta'tion in which he was born and that his hand from the
cradle to the grave must be against all other men than
his own class. So there has- grown up a system of
curbs upon individual ambition. The skillful man is
denied the benefit of his, skill and is taught that he must
keep step with the lame and the lazy and unskillful in
his craft, whatever it may be. 'We suppose that the
leaders of this class theory, who compel these condi
tions and force this leveling process. ; would deny, 'and
perhaps sincerely, that the;- arc ?'• .instruments of
socialism. "But the drop of water that runs hill,
and not up, might as well deny that it is subject to the
law of gravity.
The bold emergence of the Italian socialists into the
revolutionary stage is an indication that they have com
pleted the process of class isolation. Hereafter, they
will rapidly assimilate the revolutionary element of the
anarchists and communists, and in due time the socialist
movement everywhere will follow their lead. Unless
their instruments in this country cease in promoting that
class organization, which already assumes to divide the
country into laborers and capitalists, we will be in the
midst of a revoh'tion that will appear out of a
clear sky.
The Italian socialists see in the French republic and
in the United States government by the great mass of
people who are classed neither. -as laborers nor capi
talists. These are the independent,, home-owning peo
ple, who work, for themselves and reject dictation by
the leaders of-a class or organization. In this* country
there appears a set purpose to deplete that -force by
denying to men the right to become independent by. the
fruits of their labor and the use of their skill. If they
will" not submit tq classification and to the dictation of
organization they; are practically outlawed and forbidden
the right to live at all. Therefore, it is that the mass
to which such men naturally belong, the. mass called the
bourgeois in France and the borghesia in Italy, should
immediately address ? itself ' to^ tbc assertion of their
rights if it would avert "the pending revolution.
brecht of Prussia, and other monarchs
of sirens religious fervor, will be given
places of special prominence and honor.
The extreme, length of the' cathedral
is 320 feet and its v.idth 220 feet.
temporary and permanent chairman .of the National
Convention, the leader of the National Committee, and
all.
President Roosevelt evidently does not study to please
those who criticize him.,._What his own ; hand should
do is, done by, bis > own hand openly, frankly and pub
licly. H'e goes to public judgment, not upon' what others
do or say in his name, but upon what he does and says
himself. The great- and antagonistic variety of criticism
oi him is due to lack of anything in him that may be
justly criticized at all. His^ncmies manufacture a. set
ot characteristics for him and call the country to listen
to what they have to say about it.
In the midst of the saying the President shows plainly
to all men that he has none of the characteristics
ascribed to him and then a new set has to be -manu
factured, The fact is that the country understands the
President entirely and thoroughly and- the attempt to,
make it misunderstand him has had troubles in the past
and will have worse in the future. ' ";
THE SOCIALISE 1 . PROGRAMME.
THE SAN FRANglSCQ. GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ... . . « « ;.. . . Address AH CommtmicaUons to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ... . . . ......;..................... ...... . . . Third and Market Streets. S. F.
SATURDAY ...../..........; ~7..... JUNE H, 1904
THE f SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE' 11, l%04;
Special information supplied daily t<»
business houses and public men by U»«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 239 Ca*.
ifornia street. Telephone Main 10U, •
To-wnsend's California Glace fralts la
artistic fire-etched boxrs. 715 Market »t.?
This woek gren. eyeglasses. 13e-50c. T3
4th St.. front Key's Ce!. Oyster House. •
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESGreatest Features of Yosemlte.
Everything worth seeing Is taken In by the
Southern ¦ Pacific route. The traveler reaches
the largest and finest of the Big Trees, enters
the. valley at Inspiration Point and can leave
via Glacier Point. A full swing, taking In
every great and Impressive feature. You reach
everything tbe moet direct way with the least
trouble and expense. . s
Big Tree and Yosemlte books and folders at
CIS Market street. Ban Francisco. Drop In and
auk about "the Raymond- Wawona route."
Full Information cheerfully given. - ¦ - • ¦
said that when he Bald He was willing
to admit the affidavit -without protest
he had supposed it was Mr. Fay's, but
upon examination he found an unveri
fied statement from C. E. Grunsky In
corporated and he did object to that.
Mr. Partridge replied that the bill con
tained general allegations. Gruncky
appraised the property of the company
and that would have bearing on the
allegations. In the company's com
plaint the statement of George ,E.
Hooker, 'chief clerk of the company,
was opinion evidence. In this Instance
the evidence of Grunsky, who was an
officer of the Board of Supervisors, was
official and is a matter of record. Judge
Gilbert asked If the record was included
in the affidavit. Before Mr. Partridge
could reply, Mr.' Kellogg argued to the
court that the city could not Introduce
an unverified statement and that of
j Mr. Grunsky was unverified. This
! statement contained the very bone of
i contention and he asked that' it be not
admitted. , •
Mr. Partridge said it was introduced
in order to show that the Board of
Supervisors did have the necessary
data at hand when the rate was fixed
and that Mr. Fay was the custodian of
the records and certified to that fact
1 in his affidavit. The court held that
j the statement could be admitted.
1 A number of other affidavits were Jn
i troduced • and at the request of Mr.
Partridge the case wan continued until
• Monday morning at 10 o'clock,
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY. — Petitions
In Insolvency were fljed In the United Btates
District Court yesterday as follows: Emu T.
Kusstnan. a merchant of San Francisco. Ua
oilltles. $25t9. no assets; Talma T. Kckstrom.
horseslioer. Sacramento, liabilities $(M4. assets
$126; Thadeus von Ah. dairyman, Elmhurst,
liabilities $497, no assets.
WANTS APARTMENT-HOUSE. — Elizabeth
Hancock.- owner of the Hancock apartnwnt
houM on Ellis street, yetiterday brought suit
In the Superior Court wralnst Marie Malar and
other tenanta to obtain possession . of • the
property alleged to be unlawfully detained.
The plaintiff Bays she has been damaged In the
sum of $2000 by the defendants withholding
the premises.
The expected visit of the Knights
Templar will bo productive of great re
sults to this State. Nearly, every on«
who settles in -this city will use a, gas
range from S. F. Gas and Elec Co. • .
More than a thousand Red Men of
the Improved Order assembled In Eln
tracht Hall last night, which . for the
time being was converted into an im
mense wigwam, for the purpose of
greeting , Thomas G. Harrison, great
Incohonee of the order, and Wilson
Brooks, great chief of records of the
Great Council of the United States.
These visitors arrived late iTmirsday
night on a tour"~of official visitations,
having come by way of New Mexico
and Arizona, In both of which Territo
ries they instituted great councils.
Yesterday they were the guests of
Great Chief of Records Porter L. Bliss
and were shown the important places
of the city and' vicinity. . '
When they took their places, on the
stage of the hall last night, accompa
nied by Great Sachem Jacob Samuels
and a number of past great sachems,
they were received with cheer after
cheer and an Indian yell that was de
cidedly realistic.
The degree team ofPocahontas Tribe
No. ir conferred the adoption degree on
a hundred and twenty-five palefaces
in a manner that was most dramatic
and impressive, and. at the close of the
ceremony the great incohonee was in
troduced and spoke for an hour. In the
course of his remarks he stated that
he was pleased to announce that in the
last two years the Improved Order of
Red Men, the first American secret
beneficial organization In the " United
States, had added more than 100,000
palefaces to the membership, and was
also pleased to learn that* since his
visit here five years ago, as great jun
ior sagamore, the ' membership in the
reservation of California had increased
from 5000 to 12,000. He praised the work
of the team, saying it was the
equal and in some parts it excelled
anything he had ever «een. He "also
said that it was with pleasure that he
recollected the work of Altahomas
Tribe's team five years ago, and that
the beautiful rendition of It will always
recall to his mind the excellence" , of
California Redmanship. He paid a high
tribute to the worth of the great
of this reservation and to that
of the great keeper of records. .
£ Great Chief of Records "Wilson
Brooks, who visits California for the
first time, had pleasant things to say
about the people he had met 'Tn and
out of the order.
To-night the great chiefs will be ten-^
dered a receptionin Native* Sbrib' Hall
by the_ tribes and the; councils of the
Degree v of Pocahontas.
Matters that involve a large sum in
dispute between the people of San
Francisco and the Spring Valley Water
Company are under consideration be
fore Judge Gilbert of the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals. The com
pany asks the court to grant an in
junction restraining the city and county
of San Francisco from putting into
effect the rates for water rents fixed by
the Board of Supervisors for the fiscal
> ear beginning July 1, 1004, and ending
June 20, 1905.
The Spring Valley Company is rep
i<?sented in court by M. B. Kellogg. Its
regular representative, and the city by
City Attorney Percy V. Long and his
essistant, John S. Partridge. Facts
which %o to show that the rates levied
by the board were arbitrary were.pre
sented by Mr. Kellogg in the complaint
x:pon which the application is based,
end also by" affidavits of witnesses rec
ognized as competent to give testimony
in questions pertaining to the matters
£t Issue.
The complaint sets forth the fact that
the company requests aa interlocutory'
injunction 'atrx»inst the city and county
of Ean Francisco, the Board of Super
visors and all the members thereof to
reetrain them from putting into effect
the water rates fixed for the year. The
Supervisors have cut off the revenue
to which the company claims it is en
titled. That is based on a cut of 7 per
cent on all service excepting hydrants,
where the cut has been 50 per cent.
MILLIONS EXPENDED.
There had been between $28,000,000
end $29,000,000 expended by the com
pany known as the Spring Valley \Va'
ter Works up to September, 1203, at
¦ hich time the company was reorgan
ized under the present name of the
Spring Valley Water Company and the
capital stock doubled. The old com
pany had a capital of $14,000,000,'mit the
new company has a capitalization of
S2*-000,000. All of the indebtedness of
the "works'' was absorbed by the
"company." The doubling of the cap
ital is based on the appraisement of the
present holdings of the company.
The company contends it has prop
erty to the value of $53,047,700, while
the Board of Supervisors, in the name
«'f the city and county, claims the value
will not exceed $25,528,420.
Operating expenses this year will be
$560,000. La^t year they were $546,000.
In explaining that matter to the court
Mr. Kellog-g: stated estimates of the rev
enue had been omitted from the ordi
nance. Hence the company contended
the cit5 r law was fatally defective and
void. Last year the~taxes of the com
pany were $449,000, while this year,
based on the estimates made by the
Board' of Supervisors, they would be
5025,27S. Since 1S99 the company claims
there has been expended in actual cash
$7,500,000.
CLERKS REPORT.
Two affidavits, signed Dy George E.
Hooker, chief clerk or tne company,
were presented. Mr. Hooker has been
connected with the compart for thirty
years. His first affidavit gave the num
ber of rate payers doing business with
the company and the usual cost for
service rendered. His second docu
ment exhau£ted the subject of earnings
and possible profits. His ceduction of
result* was to the effect that the com
pany would have an Income equivalent
to 1.18 per cent on the $55,000,000 in
vested if the rates established by the
Board of Supervisors prevails.
H. Schussler, who has been chief en
gineer for the company curing thirty
seven years, was quoted In an affidavit
as placing the value of the company's
property at $53,047,700, of which amount
$6,000,000 is in real estate.
Assistant City Attorney Partridge
opened the side of the case for the city
and county by reading the answer to
the complaint- That document is a
general denial of the conditions alleged
in the complaint and started out with
the proposition that no business man in
the city knew the expenses or receipts
of the company. Efforts had been made
to get the facts from the company, but
it had been impossible. Denial was
made to the statement that the com
pany has any water rights in Alameda
County for the purpose of furnishing
water to San Francisco. The claim
was advanced that the company was
trying to Khut out all competition.
Pvesprvoirs had been constructed at too
much expanse, ¦ but even then they
would not supply 2.000.000 Inhabitants
fcs the company claimed.
In fixing the rates the Bosrd, of
Supervisors had taken in excess of $24.
000,000 as the value of tne property.
The claims of the company that it was
through Its service that Insurance rates
had been lowered was denied and the
fact advanced that it was due to the
removal of wooden buildings and the
recognized ability of the San Fran
cisco Fire Department.
DATA FURXLSHEI).
In order to establish the fact that
sufficient data had been In possession
of the Board of Supervisors at the time
the consideration of fixing the rate was
up, an exhaustive affidavit, signed by
Charles W. Fay, clerk of the Board of
Supervisors, was read. Mr. Kellogg
Visitors Will Be Tendered
a Reception by Tribes
and; Councils To-Night
GOOD WORK IS PEAISEI)
FRANK- H. GOULD'S DELAY
Managers of the Proposed
Banquet to Enef May En
gage Mechanics' Pavilion
• It Is practically settled that the Re
publican State^Convention to nominate
Presidential Electors will assemble in
Santa Cruz, August 25, and it" is gos
sip in political circles that the Demo
cratic State Convention will meet In
San Jose 'about' that time. The follow
ing notice to members of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee was
sent out yesterday from party head
quarters in this city:
•K ¦£ \. 'SAN FRANCISCO. -June 10. 1904.
My Dear Sir:
A meeting of the Democratic State Central
Committee of California la hereby called for
Saturday, June 18, 11HM. at 1 o'clock p. m..
sharp, in the assembly-room of .the California
Hotel, San ¦ Francisco, Cal., for the purpose of
organizing said committee, electing a chair
man, vice chairman, secretary, assistant secre
tary and treasurer thereof, issuing a call for
a Democratic State Convention and fixing the
time and place of holding the eame and for
the transaction of such other business aa may
rcgularlr come before said meeting.
The prospects of Democratic success In the
'coming campaign are indeed bright, and the
interest manifested at our recent State Con
vention evidences a desire on the part of the
Democracy of California to wage an active,
energetic and successful campaign in our State
By thus organizing our forces early we will
be .prepared Immediately upon the nomination
of our standard bearer at St. Louis to com
mence an organized canvass In his behalf and
devoti our beat energies toward securing the
electoral vote of. California for our national
nominees. ,
It is desirable that a full attendance of the
committee be had, and you are respectfully
urged -to make it a points to be personally
present at the meeting- Very truly yours
B. D. MURPHY, Chairman.
A. McCABE. Secretary.
There was some talk yesterday that
Frank H. Gould wouldl not announce
the appointment of the. executive com
mittee of twenty-five authorized by the
recent Santa. Cruz convention until
affer the adjournment of the National
Convention at. St. Louis, but In view
of the action of Barney Murphy in
calling for organization of the State
committee on the 18th inst., Mr. Gould
may conclude to do something right
away. Some crafty moves on the
Democratic chess board may be ex
pected.
The proposed banquet to A. Ruef by
his "friends and sympathizers promises
to take on the character of a local
demonstration. Fire Commissioner
George Boyne and others who are man
aging the function have now ascer
tained that the Mechanics' Pavilion
must be engaged in order to find space
to accommodate all who are signifying
a desire to attend the dinner. At first
It was surmised that the maple room
of the Palace would be large enough,
but later on it was suggested to take
Native Sona'.or Golden Gate hall, but
the .advance call for tickets convinced
the managers that neither hall would
hold the throng. Tickets , to* the ban
quet'may be procured at. No. 16 Geary
street to-day, between' the hours of 4
and 5 o'clock p. m. and after 8 p. m.
The dinner will take place the even
ing before Mr. Ruef leaves San Fran
cisco for Chicago.
RATES ARE AT STAKE
Facts Presented in United
States Court Not Com
pleted and Time Extended
Andrew Tripp, saloon-keeper at
Kearny and Washington streets, mod
estly disclaimed desire to pose as a
critic of stage offerings, nor did he
wish to - appear In the light of one
afflicted with theaterphobla. At the
same tin»e, however, he believed ex
perience had qualified him to discrim
inate between the worthy and the un
worthy In the matter of public amuse
mvits, and he certainly did look upon
the Star Music Hall as an inferior ea-
tablishment of its class. - *
The Star Music Hall occupies the
basement of the building in which Mr.
Tripp dispenses wet goods on the first
l'.oor, and. it was for destroying a sign
board and some electric light fixtures,
the property of the theater, that Mr.
Tripp was a defendant in the court
c-f Judge Mogan.
"Without questioning your insinua
tion that the stage of the Star could
be improved by moral elevation," said
the court to Mr. Tripp, "I must re
mind you that we are not here to dis
cuss the quality of the show, but to
ascertain whether you are guilty or
not guilty of malicious mischief. Now
go ahead with your explanation."
Mr. Tripp did not deny that he
smashed the signboard, also the elec
tric lights. Xo, it was not solely because
the entertainment produced In the cel
lar displeased him that he committed
the misdemeanor. Yes, he would ac
knowledge that his inspiration was
mercenary. The fact was that the
Star's signboards and electric light* at
tracted people to the cellar who might
have dropped into his place of business
if no such allurement existed. But he
would like to have it understood that
he had entered \>ral protest against the
placards and the Illumination before
he demolished them. His objections
were ignored by the management of
the cellar, one Harry Monroe, so there
was nothing left for him to do other
than what he did.
After the Judge had reminded Mr.
Tripp that formal complaint of. a nui
sance might have resulted in compul
sory removal of the obnoxious adver
tisements he pronounced Mr. Tripp
guilty as charged and ordered him to
appear for sentence next Monday.
The smashed signboard was not pre
sented as an exhibit in the case, but
persons who had seen It were ready
to testify that there was nothing in the
information it imparted that .would of
fend the most fastidious taste. True,
its legends savored of hyperbole, but
in theater advertising that quality is
inevitable and popularly accepted as
legitimate. It heralded the appearance
of several performers who were de
scribed as "world famous" and "im
mense favorites," although their names
were comparatively unmown in the
atrical lore. In all other respects that
signboard was as .. artistic as they
make 'em; ¦ " "~* - ..
"Can't you make it Tuesday Instead
of Monday?" inquired Nathan Cohn,
known on the water front as "Doma
doma," when Judge Mogan had or
dered him to appear on the latter day
for sentence.
"Why do you object to Monday?" his
Honor asked.
"Because Monday is the 13th, and
I'm superstitious," replied Mr. Cohn. . .
"But I'm not the least bit superstiy'
tious," said the Judge, "and you'll get
no larger a dose on Monday than I
would give you on Tuesday."
Mr. Cohn battered a peanut
peddler.
• • •
S. P. Wentzel, whose theater of lar
cenous operations was the Hotel
Richelieu, pleaded guilty to two
charges of petty larceny and was sen
tenced to sixty days by Judge Ca
baniss. There are five accusations of
burglary against Mr. Wentzel and
they will be taken up from time to
time^when the court is not pressed by
other business.
Some audacious thief stole Clerk
Barney Conlan's hat from his desk
while the Wentzel case was engaging
his attention and for several hours
he was unable to get another chapeau.
There were plenty of spare hats in the
Hall of Justice, but in some mysteri
ous way they disappeared as soon as
Mr. Conlan's loss 'became known, and
as neither love nor' money could In
duce any one to go out and buy him
a new head covering, he missed his
luncheon and might have gone din
nerless also if Judge Cabaniss had not
suddenly remembered the whereabouts
of a hat which ' he shelved in the
spring of 1901.
Mr. Conlan desired to have It an
nounced that if the person who took
the hat would report to him there will
be no effort on his part to recover It.
Alvin Anderson took a friend to
dine with him In an Eddy-street
V
restaurant and then refused to pay
$2 25 'for the feast because it con
sisted only of beefsteak, potatoes and
coffee for two. He spent the night in
the Cit> Prison, with a charge of de
frauding an innkeeper booked against
him, and v/hen ho appeared in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday morning he
paid the bill under protest and was
discharged.
• • - •
Judge Fritz had decided to . give
Emily Carroll thirty days for . va
grancy when she declared that she
was on her way to the ferry depot
when arrested.
"To leave town, I presume?" said
his Honor,
"Yes. sir," replied Emily; "I had
left a deposit on' my ticket with the
clerk at the ferry."
"Sixty days," said his Honor. ¦
¦; ; » ¦ ' ,•• '• ¦ • •.
Frank Burr, who stabbed Antonio
Lotto in the neck, inflicting a slight
wound, was sent to the Superior Court
by Judge Fritz, with bail set at J 1000.
The defendant, who is about 60 years
of age, is known to the police as
"Strawberry Charlie."
Judge Mogan dismissed the com
plaint of battery which 14-year-old
Leslie Herbert of 1473 Oak street had
filed against Morton L. Cook, the ad
vertising agent. The testimony went
to show that the defendant's son and
Dr. Chalmers' son had been "scrap
ping-" and that the Herbert boy took
Eides against the Cook boy and was
abusing him when the' defendant com
mitted the alleged battery. The Judge
opined that the Herbert boy inter
fered where he had no business.
Claude tfJenson, a waiter on a coast
ste.-unship\ side-stepped conviction on
a very serious charge by making 16
year-old Lucy Haskins his wife: The
ceremony was performed by a- Justice
of the. Peace at the City Hall and
when Judge Fritz was informed of it
he dismissed' the charge against Ben
son. • ....--•.;-
Judge Cabaniss decided he had no
jurisdiction to tackle the case of Ole
Allison, charged with obtaining money
under false pretenses by .representing
that he owned the schooner Clara Kim
ball, lying in .Alameda Creek, and Mr.
Allison was departing with a self-con
gratulatory grin on his countenance
when two officers from Oakland arrest
ed him on a warrant sworn to in that
city and alleging the same offense.
• • • ,
"I don't want no lawyer," said Fred
Moller, charged with stealing one cop
per boiler from Mrs. McCollom of) 615
Hayes street. '
"But I Insist that you shall have a
lawyer," said Judge Mogan, "because
you seem to underestimate the serious
ness of your position. Are you aware
that conviction may result in your be
ing sent to the penitentiary?;'
Mr. Moller evidently had not looked
at the matter in that light, and he of
fered no objection when the court ap
pointed an attorney to conduct his de
fense. ,
Various housewives told Judge Mogan
of how they had been taken In and
done for by Harry Singer, charged with
grand larceny by three different com
plainants. It was Mr. Singer's wont,
the ladies said, to- obtain entrance to
dwellings by representing that he was
taking subscriptions for a ladies' maga
zine and desired to exhibit some sam
ple copies. Once inside he would ask
for a drink of water, and while the
housekeeper was absent procuring the
aqua he would slip into his pocket such
portable property as could conveniently
be concealed. The case was continued.
"* • • • •
It was in the Flood building (hat
James Duffy disturbed the peace, and
when Judge Fritz asked him what he
meant by doing it he treated the matter
lightly.
"This detention," he said, "is very
annoying. I'm due at Palo Alto to col
lect some money this afternoon, and the
next train leaves In about fifteen min
utes. I'll barely have time to catch It"
"Got your , ticket, Mr. Duffy?" his
Honor Inquired, with seeming solicitude.
"Oh yes."
"Well, you'd better arrange to get a
stop-over privilege till next Wednes
day, for I must send you to Jail for five
days."
"Dear, dear; how exasperating!" ex
claimed Mr. Duffy as he rejoined the
excluded set.
Mary Wilson was almost overcome
by surprise when Judge Mogan told
her that she must remain in custody
until the charge of vagrancy against
her is decided one way or another. She
was arrested about two weeks ago and
the case was continued till last Satur
day, but on that date she failed to ap
pear and a bench warrant was Issued.
"Why, you had me here once, didn't
you?" she said to- the court. "What in
the world do you want me here again
for?" "/>¦'-
"Sorry to bring you from the Barbary
Coaet to this noxious atmosphere," was
his Honor's answer, "but you see,
Mary, the law, which ignores social dis
tinction, says that when you are or
dered to appear in court you must
obey." *
"Mer-cy! Is that so?"
"Aye, 'tis so. And now to save you
the humiliation of being: again dragged
from your delectable haunts 'tis better
to keep you In a boudoir upstairs. See
you to-morrow. Au revoir!"
Mary was too astonished to respond."
Joseph Ricci was -arraigned before
Judge Cabaniss on the charge of stab
bing Charles Rentz early Thursday
morning at 618 Front street. Ricci was
quarreling with an unknown and .Rentz
was trying to sepatjite them when* he
was stabbed f our tlOes in the left side
by Ricci. The chargw is asault to mur
der, and It will be * heard as "soon ( as
Rentz Is able to. leave the hospital.
Incohonee T. G. Harrison
and Chief of Records
Brooks Witness Adoption
Barney Murphy Issu(& Call
for fleeting* of Democratic
State Central Committee
Kearny-Street Saloon-keeper Objects to
Music Hail in Basement and Destroys
Its Means of Attracting the Public
Spring Valley Company's
Action Against City for
1 ill unction on Hearing
RED MEN GREET
GREAT CHIEFS
SUIT INVOLVES
A LARGE SUM
POLITICIANS
ARE HUSTLING
SMASHES THEATER SIGN
AND TELLS REASON WHY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY; JUNE .11, 1904.
9
Get U»e Ilttl* book. "The Road to
TVellvM*." In «ach pkg.
Grape = Nuts
Pre-digested Food
is a wonderful help
at a
"Quick Meal"
QBAPE-NUTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
INGLESSDE
CJOWRSINGTARK.
80-DogOpStake
40-DOG CONSOLATION STAKE
Saturday and Sunday
June 11 and 12.
Coursing will bepln at 11 o'clock sharp and
continue until the 12 -t wincing Sag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All Mission street cars transfer to; Guerrero
cars, which go direct ti> the pArfc.
• THOMAS TIERNEY. Jud*?.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper.
ONLY MATINEE TO-DAY..
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
1 SERGEANT 1
KITTY |
USUAL TtVOLI PRICES— 25c. 5Cc. 73c.
The theater will be r>rar»i*l
close* -h«xt week to IX I IK 111!
complete preparations ImVflVIl*
for the Ttvoll's superb _
production of the H II II Is
American Comic Opera | | \J \j \J
masterpiece,
ALCAZARS •£"
General Manassr.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY NIGHT.
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY.
OTTXDA'S | | BOMA3CI
fOllR 2 FLAGS
MARVELOUS SAND STORM SCENE.
CIGARETTE'S RIDE FOR LIFE.
"Excellent performance." — Bulletin.
•"Is well worth «««inK." — Post.
Evjr.. 25c to 73c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat., 23c to 5O»
NEXT WEEK— LAUGH LONG AND LOLDt
CHARliEY'S AUNT
THE COMEDY OF COMEDIE3.
To Follow— Clyrt« Fitch' » LOVERS' LANB.
Coming— WHITE WIHTTLESEY.
Market street, near Eighth. Phen* South S33»
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MOBROW.
Hal Reid's Phenomenal Eastern Success.
I THE PEDDLERl
A Fascinating I!»art Interest Drama with a
Wealth of Comedy and the Greatest of all Hs»
brew Characters.
pDIfCC Eveningrs lOo to Wo
rnlWCJ Matine-f 10c. 13c. 23o
Ne*t week — Mammoth Revival of
"THE OCTOROOW"
THE GREAT ALFONS,
Europe's Foremost Equilibrist,
And a Splendid Show Every Aftexnoaa
- and Evening la tJxe Theater.
1 TAKE A RIDE ON THE
; MXHXATTTBB ELECTRIC BAXLBOAO.
! Ksmeralda and Her GABY MONKEY in tte
/ ' Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the PNEUMATIC SYMPHONT OR-
CHESTRA. .
Admission. 10c: Children. 5e.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMZJTrX
BASEBALL
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth an<t Harrison sts.
Oakland vs. San Francisco.
TO-DAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
Advance gale of seats at 8 Stockton *t.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
&b A GREAT KESTOKATIVE. INViaOJlA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both wim. -.
The Mexican RemMy for Dlseas«a of Ik*
°, Kidneys and Bladder. Sails on its own merits.
, NABER. ALFS * BRUNE. Agents.
J 823 Market St.. S. F-— (Send tor Circulars.) .
|'j — : _ — i — — *
j SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
i First Esquimaux School In the
| Arctic Zone.
NEXT SUNDAY CALX*,
"amusements.
MATINEE TO-DAT— LAST NIGHT.
mELBOUKNB
< MacDOWELL
In the Hew and Successful Romantic Drama.
. A CAPTAIN OF NAVARRE
PRICES i 15c, 25c. 50c, 73c
DAVID liELASCO
PRESENTS MR3. , '
LESLIE CARTER
In Hla New Play .^
DU BARRY
For a. Limited Engagement, Commencing
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
Regular Mat. Sat. Special Mat; Wed.
SEAT SALE NOW ON.
Prices: $200. $1.50. $1.00. 7»c. 50c
M0DERI\P VAUDEVILLE.
Truly Shattuck; Avon Comedy Pour;
Leah Bus 3 ell; Orpbenm Motion Pic-
tures, Showiaff the Brooklyn Handicap,
and *
Marcel's Living Art Studies
Last times of Burke, la Bue aa4: t&e
Inky Boys; Braadow and WUey; O»t-
ton and Stone and the Powers Brot&ex*.
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday,"" Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 25c
and 50c. ' Tvj
CALIFORNIA
f" MATINEE TO-DAY. "^
Tbe Stirring' War Play of the South, I
"THE CAVALIER" 1
Pre*nted by H
The Oliver Morcsco Company I
The Greatest Stock Company In Ex- ll
latenee. JJ
BTO-MORROW-WVUHam Gillette's fl
Masterpiece U
"SECKET SEB VICE." G
H The greatest war drama ever written, fl
MATINEE TO-SAT.
TO MIGHT— FAREWELL
MAUDE ADAMS
In Her Greatest Triumph.
THE LITTLE MINISTER
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
E. H. SOTHERN
In the Miracle Play.
/ THE PBOUD PBINCE.
By. the Author of "IF : WERE KING."
BEATS NOW BEU.IHQ.
Second Saturday Matinee To-day.
Every Mother, Every Child Should See
" * ' • 1^^^ . "" "™™^^ — ¦•¦ HOT
So Very Funny, So Very Bright.
And tf you have not seen our "All Star"*
Artists, come see EDNA AUG. brilliant to her
finger tips; GARRITY SISTERS. Lightning
Dancers; YORK & ADAMS and AL FIELDS. I
a trio of comedians who Will make you go I
home laughing; EDWIN CLARK. "Our Mat!- I
neo Idol"; BEN DILLON, and the only!
"BEN"; ROY ALTON, a teno» who can sing,
and a Chorus that can't be excelled.
See Lionel Lawrence's "EIGHT RADIUM
GIRLS." .
¦ Matinee To-morrow Also.
p - SAME POPULAR PRICE9. ¦ : , i
"THE MORMONS" ARE COMING.
A Succession of Surprises!
FORESTERS~OF AMERICA ; ;
Gorgeous Carnival
Street Fair.
VNDER AUSPICES^ OF GENERAL RELIEF
COMMITTEE. .
2 — TBArW LOADS OP UOVXI.TXES^-a
Majrnlflcent Electrical Display.
A Feast of Fun and Frolic
Direction of California Carnival Company.
10c— ADMISSION— 10c.
OPEN AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Cor. Market., 11th. Van tfgsa are, and 12th.
PabrA D0NT F AIL TO j
. -IttWtC. .ee.the beautiful
j • COURT Lounging I
/¦fifl room, the EMPIRE I
UUU parlor, the
C-~~A PALM ROOM, the !
(iniflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
.*"""** lor, and the. LA-
H^^/xI^ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
' ___'_: ADVEHTISEIKCENTSw
Child's ' 1 j|W
||. Solid -Oak, golden finish, ft^lJJ] fe&Ji^f^S V \\
q back, complete with cush- ffiffi^£f -ffiS^SJfo fl - 11
-. . AJDVESTISEMEHTa.
P*1M ' *Fimm DPGT UAT U/CITUCD Mt?nff*IVET a " Ecifi '
if??j j*«ffij|Bnihifl^gm I nO DL9I till I YW&AlflCrE irlCUIulns. 1*^4 '
KM CANDY CATHARTIC p|
M PREVENT ALL SUMMER BOWEL TROUBLES ||
jfcij Undigested food in the human body will ferment a hundred times as |P|
&?] quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels §§|
fp5 poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, ||H
|?a dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and E||
i&l the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper ||j2
pj| thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the body gig
RSI every day— not give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowels. [&|
jkj| You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and EH j
E|| healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not fig i
fe$| harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take g» j
EJJ in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets. pta <.
r| All druggists, 10c,* 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet jgp| j
Hj| stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample and ||a
Ell booklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. 635 Jsf
SB* PAI.ACE OP AaEICTn-TTTBE. <&?$CT |
(f * Union-Southern^
Pacific
Through Pullman and Tourist Cars to ST. LOUIS.
JUNE 15 (TEACHERS' EXCURSION), 16, 22, 23.
JULY I, 2, 7, 8, 13, 14.
ROUND TRIP ttfi^ _^Q
¦ - Wall Maps and Handy Pocket Maps to
World's Fair Grounds, and Handsome Il-
lustrated Guide FREE. ' .
8. !. BOOTH. ' General Agrent, V. P. B. B, ,
. -.->• : - - 1 Montgomery Street,
Or Southern Facifle Affent*.
DIRECT XINEr~" ;¦,' ;
¦ ¦^VjiQgDEN- UNION - PAC/flC J '^OMAHA
*^^5^*^\SALT LAKE. 1 CHEYENNE -\>-^<CHlCAGO T-
]^OS ANGELES. : DENVER ' — .-, -CITY 3T.LOUIS.* A Japanese poem is generally^ limited
to five lines, containing five, seven, five,
seven and seven ' syllables.'.'./. _\ _,..•
which has been In progress on the
rinks of the San Francisco Scottish
The Ninety-Two Club Members Are
. Matched. and Will Compete To-
Day In Contests.
The first round of the bpwling
championship tournaments In singles,
SCOTCH BOWLERS RERFORM
ON GREEN IN *THE PARK
WORTH ESTATE.— Charles A. Worth, hum.
harfl of* th* late Winnie B. Worth, yesterday
!*titioned for letter* of administration upon
t % » otat» of the deceased, which U valued at
Uf.000. Th* petitioner and three children are
¦Uf to be the sole heirs.
Union Gun Clnb Men at the Traps.
The regular monthly shoot 'of the.
Union Gun Club at bluerocks will be
held to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock
at Ingleside. Several special matches
will be decided, one being for a silver
cup.
Some of the trapshots of this city
will go to Fresno on the 19 th Inst
for the two-day shoot. Frank. Fan
ning will be captain of the day.
During Its recent visit to San Fran
cisco the Santa Clara team played
three matches, losing to the San Fran
cisco County eleven on me first day,
losing to the Pacific eleven on the sec
ond day and beating the Alameda rep
resentatives on the, third. The Pacific
eleven won an easy victory, scoring 241
runs for three wickets and getting the
Santa Cruz men out for the small total
of 47. A. W. Wilding was in excellent
batting form, scoring 107 runs not out
for the Pacific feam. This Is the sec
ond century made in an association
match this season. ~ •>, >- v W
Second Century of Season.
shown better form at the club courts
than in this match.
During the last week MacGavin has
been taking advantage of every oppor
tunity for practice, in order that next
week's 'match may not find him in the
same form as last week.
As Is usual before the State cham
pionship tournament, both the Califor
nia and the Golden Gate clubs will sus
pend all tournaments for the next three
weeks. This will give the cracks alt
the time necessary for practice and the
delay in tournament play will serve to
renew Interest in the big event.
The State "championship does not
look promising this year. But few
players have signified their intention
of participating. Many of the cracks
do not look favorably upon San Rafael
for the meet on account of the hot
weather, while others contend they will
not be able to spare the three or four
days necessary for the competition. At
any rate there will bejpany of the reg
ulars on hand an I some high-class play
will be seen.
It may be that the winner of this
tournament will take the championship
without figuring in a challenge match.
Grant Smith, the present champion!
has not yet made up his mind whether
or not he will defend his title. Ho
vows, however, that he vlll not play if
the weather is as hot as It has b** tl
for the past two years at San Rafael
on July 4. ...
All Arransements Are Complete and
Races and Gamcs'WUl B«
I* the Features.
All arrangements have been com
pleted for the fourth annual festival
and picnic of the Celtio Union, to be
held at El Campo to-morrow. The
committee in charge has arranged for
the pleasure of all who attend Th*
South End. Ariel and Dolphin Rowins*
clubs will contest for valuable tro
phies. Athletic games for young and
old have been arranged and handsome
prizes will be awarded. Following is
the committee in charge
iKIillil
u-nvv "mT,-; t e f H"4« '• e $:
M^!*™™J%?;™? it *- John Mulhera. T. F.
DUtoS!^' J " **•"«*• J - H McCJnney. Mi~
T.°1F%m£«: S^* r " P - J «**>»• M. J. R>an.
iiKT«?i I j"g25* J - Conltr *- Joha MuU
V 1 l^L l ' 1 M* r iT~ J ,* T * ro! » h t>w*T. T. J. MMlott.
£!>"*. y nch « Ml » N- VcCkrthT. T. M.
Floor mwusw—r. j. cw w%
CELTIC UNION* OUTING
TO EL CAMPO SUNDAY
street, AJameda, to-morrow, "the San
Francisco. County • cricket team will
meet the Pacific eleven. for the second
time during the present season. The
representatives of the San Francisco
County Cricket Club will be chosen
from the 'following: H. B. Richard
son (captain), E. G. Sloman, T. J. A.
Tiedemann. A, E. J. Chivers, H. Dixon,
J. Greer, R. Hooker, C. W. Irish, P. R.
John, Henry ' Roberts, R. ' Shand, C.
St rat ton and A. Weaver.
• The -San -Francisco • County team,
which, at the beginning of the season,
seemed certain to sweep everything be
fore it; has been reduced greatly in
strength: B.Kbrtlang has left this city
for "New". York; E. 'Petersen recently
broke "his "arm ! in a lacrosse^.match,
and ; r E.-'H.UWilkes is in the Pacific
eleven.* "Two -new •members have Joined
the 'club', * thelrTi, names ¦ being' W. W.
Deer ing and J/C|sad wick.
' 1 The ) Padfie A eWv'en S in I to-morrow's
match wUl^beimWJeJup of E. H. Lan
nowe. E. H.- .W-llke's,' A." W.< Wilding,
W. Petherick.'ir.'a 'Casiay. Dr. O.-N.
Taylor, 'F.' Lewin,"" 1 Norrrian " Logan, H.
D.. Bowly, iVf.- Jamleson and John
Myers," captain. This V team includes
some strong batsmen and good' bowl
ers 'and the^ struggle -between it and
the - San Francisco ! County representa
tives should be close ana interesting. ¦
r The : ; names 'of ; the following ) new
members "have been added , to - the . roll
iof the Alameda Cricket Club: E. Allan,
Leopold G. Vazand and J. N. Wells.
V W. H.'. Stewart vs. J. M.' Earsman; John T.
Dare vs. .G. W. Hazen: Dr. Hamilton vs. A.
Craig; O. Hlslon vs J.D. Robertson: J. .Rolph
Jr. vs. II, L. Tlckner: William Watson, vg.
William Hamilton; W. A. Cook vs. James
McNab; J. Stott vs. Rev. W. K. Guthrle; O.
C,\ ¦ Patterson vs. J. D. McQilvray; A. A. Me-
Vicar vs. A.- Wood: John Reid -vs. Y: C. Law
son r J; Gllchrlut v*. P. L. Dunn; A. Hajr vs.
Robert Park; Rev. Mr. Logan vs.. 1 J..B. Low,
A:McNalr vs.- W. >R. >Eaton; Jamp» Gray. v*.
James Mearns; - U. K. McBean Vs. John Mc-
Laren; George Lackie • vs. P. A." McRae;"H."
Hamilton vs. J. W, Elder: J. P. "Taylor* vs.
W. Balnaves; J. C. Moffat vs. D. R. McNeil 1 ;
Joseph Gray vs. • K.'JS.-' Collins: -A. H. Mc-
Donald vs, H.-Barr; Dr. Crawford vs. E.- C.
Jledau: A. M. .McP.herson vs.^Georse Center. •
When this tournament was started
there was no official list upon which
entries should be' posted, "instead
each of the ninety T two club members
was entered v and Gartners were then
drawn. This proved a wise plan, for
it brought many into the competition
who would not have entered their
names. There were comparatively few
defaults in the preliminary round and
these, as a rule, were due to the con
testants being out of town. The tour
nament committee expects to com
plete the first round without .a single
default,- as those remaining in the
tournament are among the regulars
who are out each week. The players
will meet in the first round as follows:
Bowling Club for some weeks,. will be
started ' this afternoon. There are
thirty-two matches to be decided in
this round.
SECRKTARY OF THE OAKLAND CANOE CLUB. .WHO IS AX ENTHUSIAST IN THIS EXCITING PASTIME. "WHICH IS BECOM- !
INO POPULAR ON THE ESTUARY AND ALONG THE ALAMEDA BAY SHORE. A SERIES" OF INTERCLUB MATCHES
AVILL BE SAILED DURING THE YEAR. " " " ', ?.VV|
Applications for membership in the
club are being received regularly and
already there is a large waiting list, as
the membership is limited." Were the
number of entries not limited it would
be impossible to conduct the weekly
races, owing to the, large number, of
yachts that would *¦> entered. *
The members of the San , Franciscp
Model Yacht Club took a day off last
Sunday, no official club races being
held. Several of the fast models were
out and a number of unoificial races
were sailed during the day. Honors
were about equally divided between the
Fannie, Surprise, Apache and Imp. It
is the* intention of the committee to
hold one of the.regular official pennant
races to-morrdTv, when the fast yachts
in the club will be on hand to compete.
Within the last f ew "• weeks many
models have been bailt and most of
them by enthusiasts, who are not mem
bers of the San Francisco Model Yacht
Club. The* public is beginning to real*
ize that model yacht sailing, is not
child's play and that it requires con
siderable skill and science to" design,
build and sail models with success.
Many Xcw Boat* Arc Built and the
Membership of Club Is Increas
ing:, Rapidly.
SPEKDY MODEL YACHTS .
.SAIL ON SPRECKELS LAKE
Ham Wells, Alex Vogelsang a'nd wife
and other enthusists are enjoying the
royal sport provided at Big Meadows.
A. B. Finch is preparing for his an
nual pilgrimage to the same stream.
T. C. Kierulff, with Elmer Clark,
Bob Clark and others from Salinas,
spent three days on the Carmel re«
cently. They report the stream full
of fish, which ean be taken at the rate
of one each minute. The fish are all
of good size. Redwood Creek, an al
most inaccessible tributary of the
river, afforded the best sport
The McCloud is reported still high,
but two weeks hence the flyfishing
should be good. , The .trout are al
ready taking the fly in. the Rogue
River, Or. V-
Charles Gould and Judge Nus
baumer of Oakland have been get
ting good returns at Castella on the
Upper Sacramento. The water is re
ported to be at a normal height at
present
James Watt left on Saturday for
Soda Springs on the Upper Sacra
mento.
Large-sized striped bass are being
taken off San Pablo. Jules Bruns and
Jack Karney. the well-known bass
anglers, will try the sport there to-day.
Al Wilson has taken a number of bass
In San Leandro Bay during the week.
The salmon are running at Capitola
and large catches are being made.
The Klamath, the Big Meadows, the
Carmel and the Rogue River, these
are the streams which are attracting
the attention of the anglers just now.
Returning anglers report that they are
teeming with trout, all of a good size.
It is evident from- all reports that the
California streams will afford the best
sport in years this season.
COAST TROUT STREAMS
AFFORD EXCITING SPORT
twill be a championship. race in whfch
the craft making the fastest time over
the course will receive a blue pennant
and the boat making the best corrected
time a red pennant. The blue pennant
is emblematic of the canoe champion
ship of 1904.
The officers of the Oakland Canoe
Club for 1904 are Charles Stewart, com
modore; H. G. Hinckley, vice commo
dore; Charles L. Taylor Jr., secretary
and treasurer; S. A. Hackett and F. B.
Bain, committee on membership.
The canoeists of San Francisco Bay
are looking forward to an unusually ac
tive season. The Oakland Canoe Club,
the cozy headquarters of which are on
Sessions Basin, East Oakland, is the
principal organization of the men who
are interested in canoe sailing, but sev
eral members of the Encinal Yacht
Club and of the Olympic Boat Club
also own racing canoes.' A Joint com
mittee of the clubs has arranged for a
series of races for the mosquito fleet,
the first over the regular Oakland
Creek course, the second over the En
cinal course, ¦ off the Alameda
shore, and the third over a long creek
and bay course. On Admission day
there will be a handicap canoe race
over a five-mile course in the upper
creek for two silver cups. The craft
entered are R. B. Bain Jr.'s Vitesse,
F. L. Rodgers' Pirate, C. L. Taylor Jr.'s
Nereid, Frank Paul's Codia and J. R.
Kenna's Brownie of the 'Oakland Canoe
Club; A. D. Harrison's Frisk, Edward
Shaw's Echo, J. A. Landsberger's Vim,
J. O'Kell's No Name, C. Wright's Jack,
H. M. Landsberger's Mist and Edgar
Painter's Janet of the Encinal Yacht
Club; W. S. Fulton's Whim, Charles
Brandensteln's Sprite, F. B. Bain's Co
quette, Walter Bates' Bonita and W.
H. Smith's Blue Demon of the Olympic
Boat Club.
Toward Ihe close of the season there
Racing Will End in a Strug
gle for the Canoe Cham
pionship.
Eegattas for the Small
Craft Will Enliven the
Season.
Point Arguello was passed at 7:30 a.
m., and at eight bells the log recorded,
twenty-seven and a half miles for the
previous four hours. At 9:30 a. m.
Point Concepcion was rounded, the
wind being fresh from the northwest,
¦weather clear and sea smooth. At 1:15
p. m. the yacht was becalmed In Santa
Barbara channel. At 3:30 p. m. Santa
Barbara Point lighthouse was sighted.
At 4 p. m. the painter of thi yawl.
which was being towed, parted and
considerable work was necessary to
pick ua the little craft. At 8 p. m.
Santa Barbara light was almost abeam,
the absence of -wind and a heavy swell
causing the main boom to slap to and
fro violently. At 8:'" p. m. a light
breeze, sprang up, which soon fresh
ened, and at 4:30 a. m. on Wednesday
the Santa Barbara light was out of
view. At 5 a. m. Point Hueneme was
sighted and a fine northwest breeze
brought Point Turne abeam a'. 10
o'clock. At 2:30 p. m.. Point Vincente
was in' sight and at 4 p'. m. It was
abeam. At 6:10 In the evening Point
Firmin was abeam ana ten minutes
later San Pcdo whistling buoy was left
on the starboard hand. At 7:15 a fish
ing power boat came alongside and
took a towllne. At 8:10 p. m. the good
ehip Nellie dropped hook in the Inner
harbor of San Pedro at the anchorage
ef t! e South C*oast Yacht Club.
The annual class flag regatta and
race for the Owners' Cup of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club takes place on the
Jfnh inst. Owing to the removal of
}?lossom Rock buoy, which was one of
the marks in the races of the California
Yacht Club, the course will be changed.
The Owners' Cup race will take place
nt the same time and over the same
course as the regatta for class flags,
but will be a handicap event, the al
lowances being fixed by the regatta
committee. All the yachts enrolled in
the club will be considered as entered
and light sails may be carried. Each
yacht must be -sailed by a member of
the club and no professional, other'
than the owner or boatkeeper of the
yacht, shall be permitted on board dur-
Jnjr the race.
The sloop yacht Nellie, carrying the
f ac of Vice Commodore H. H. Jenness
of the San Francisco Yacht Club, made
u fine trip to San Pedro despite one or
two rather serious mishaps. Those on
hoard were Vice Commodore H. H.
Jenness. ex-Commodores T. L. Hill and
R. S. Bfidgman. Arthur Inkersley.
Julius E. Back of the California Yacht
«'!ub and Winfield S. Morrison. Sausa
lito was Irft at 3:30 on Saturday after
noon. May 28, a strong wind blowing,
off Hurricane Gulch the yacht received
a hard knockdown, and off Yellow
Bluff the Jib blew out, being torn from
top to bottom in two places and ripped
away from the leach. The torn sail
vas taken aboard and the yacht put
about for her moorings off Sausalito,
which she made at 4:20 p. m., under
tow of a revenue cutter's launch. Sails
¦were secured at the club house, l>ne
being ringed as a staysail and the other
es a Jib. At 12:15 on Sunday morning,
vith a reef in her mainsail, the yacht
sot under way with a moderate north
west wind. Point Bonita was breasted
at 1:20 a. m.. the course being south by
vest. At 2 a. m. there was a light
southwest wind. Short tacks were
made off shore^ Pc-int San Pedro was
abeam at 7 a. m. and Montara Light
«t 8:20 a. m. Long legs were made down
the coast, with short hitches off shore,
till 6:39 p. m. on Sunday.
With Pigeon Point distant southeast
about four miles, sheets were eased and
a course south by east set. the wind
being light. Pigeim Point light was
abreast of the uort beam at 8:25 p. m.,
the point Ijeing about two miles dis
tant and the course southeast by south,
with light wind, smooth sea, warm and
cloudy weather. Pigeon Point light was
lost at 1:30 a. m. on Monday and Point
Pinos light was off the port beam at
3 a. m.. the log recording nineteen and
a quarter miles finee passing Pigeon
Point light. The wind was light from
the northwest, but soon freshened con-
Fidfrably. A large steamer was passed
and at 5 a. m._a school of whales was
s-i silted.
At about 8 o'clock, near the end of
Rridginan and Morrison's watch, the
wheel became useless, the head of the
rudder stock having twisted off. A
jury steering gear was fitted and
trotted admirably for the rest of the
trip. Cape San Martin was passed and
at S p. "m. Point Piedras Blancas light
vas abreast, bearing east-northeast,
distant about eight miles. Sky clear, a
strong, steady breeze and a heavy sea.
At midnight the wind moderated and.
no lights being in sight, a southeast
course was set. A large tramp steamer
bound up the coas'. was passed.
At 1:20 a. m. on Tuesday San Luis
<">bi?po light was sighted and at 2:10
a. m. Point Harford light was abreast,
the wind being fresh from the north
west
A cruise to Petaluma drawbridge is
on the programme of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club for to-<Jay, the tide
eerving well for a run to the upper
hay. It being high water at 10:33 p. m.
nt Fcrt Point. Next Saturday there
will be a reception and a dance at the
club house at Sausalito; The Corinth
ians cruise to Point San Pablo this
afternoon and return to Tiburon Cove
to-morrow. The tide ebbs until 3:55
p. m. to-morrow at the harbor en
trance. To-day and Sunday are open
days on the programme of the Califor
nia Yacht Club.
At the last meeting of the members
of the Dolphin Swimming and Boat
ing Club the election of officers was
held, resulting in the choice of the
following: C. M. Farrell, president;
T. J. Kennedy, vice president; Frank
C. Staib, finanei.il secretary; W. L.
Bush, recording secretary; Adam
Schuppert, treasurer; T. R. ' Dixon,
captain; Val Kehrlein, lieutenant cap
tain; W. Harris and W. Remensperger,
members of the executive committee;
P. H. Freudenberg, sergeant at arms.
The annual championship rowing
regatta will be held under the man
agement of the Pacific Athletic Asso
ciation on Lake Merritt, Oakland, on
July 4. The races will begin about
2 p. m., the intervals between them
being taken up by a life-saving exhi
bition by the aid of kites by Dr. F. W.
Riehl and other performances. It is
hoped that Dr. August Greth will give
a demonstration with his airship. The
Alameda Boating Club will be repre
sented in the senior and junior four
oared barge races. Three Junior
crews are practicing on Oakland
Creek for the barge race in that class.
It is doubtful whether enough inter
mediate crews will enter to fill that
class.
On the 19th inst. the Dolphin Club
will hold a try-out to decide who
shall represent it In the annual cham
pionship. regatta on Lake Merrltt on
July 4. Those who will take part in
the try-out are Leo D. Weinand,
Frank Curry. Steve Vlcini, F. J. Sher
ry and W. O. Patch.
The crew that will wear the colors
of the Dolphin Boating Club in the
annual championship race in the in
termediate-four-oared barge class will
be made up of A. Bertrand, Ernest
Schuppert, T. Harris and W. Harris,
with T. Richmond as cockswain. The
crew will use the new racing barge
which is being built by T. R. Keenan.
It is expected to prove one of the
lightest and fastest boats of her class
on the bay. • -
Barge crews from the South End,
Ariel and Dolphin rowing clubs will
take part to-morrow in a race at El
Campo, where the annual picnic of
the Celtic Union will be held. The*
crew of the Dolphin Boating Club will
consist of Herbert Swedlund. bow;
George Thompson, forward waist; W.
Remensperger, 'after waist; T. R.
Dixon, stroke, and J. J. Cronin, cocks
wain. The Ariel crew will be made up
of H. Wilson, bow; A. Keegan. No. 2;
C. Wilson, No. 3, and J. Wilson, stroke.
The crew has been practicing and ex
pects to render a good account of
Itself.
There will be but little action In the
way of tournament play on the tennis
courts for the next tnree weeks. The
only tournament match to be decided
before the State championship meet In
July will be the postponed challenge
match for the San Francisco champion
ship, between J. Drummond MacGavin
and Percy Murdock.
, This was to have taken place last
Sunday, but Murdock was ill and a
postponement was necessary. Play will
be called one week from to-morrow
afternoon at 2:30 on the California
Club courts. The match will consist of
the best three out of five sets. Mur
dock has . entirely recovered from his
illness and will be in first-class shape
for the match by that time.
It was, possibly, fortunate for Cham
pion MacGavin that the match was not
called last week, as he had one of his
off days and was in poor form. Frank
Mitchell, whom MacGavin should de
feat rather easily under ordinary cir
cumstances, took five straight sets
from the champion. Two of these by
scores of 6-1. It may be said for
Mitchell, however, that he has never
Fannie IIuRhle. AurelU, Ooida. Terra Cotta
Yellowtail, Don Pedro. Prometheus. to-jnc
Johnny Rex Good a« Gold. Ploughman. Our
Myra. Royal Friend. Sir Wlnton. General Fre
mont. Beauty Gold. Pete Mclntyre Helen
Hayes. Tobacco Bob. Little Sister. Eag!e Bird
Odd Eyes. Doc Burns. Jerry Wright LaJv
Menlo Doreen. The Fiddler. Princess Savoy
Ra?eed Actor. Gold Lily. Imperious. CoscttV
Young Fearless. Bob R. Snapper Garrison \r
tlculate. s*ofala. Belfast. R-ady Actress. Lucky
bhamrock. Lady Royer.
Coursing will commence at Ingle
side to-day at 11 o'clock. After the
open stake has been run down once
the consolation number will be start
ed. Don Pedro and Sir Wlnton at the
top of the card and Ragged Actor and
Young Fearless at the bottom look the
best. The running will be resumed at
10:30 to-morrow. The likely winners
look to be:
H. Mehany's Lord Melbourne and
W. Zamberllch's Cassie W will meet
at Ingleside Park to-morrow after
noon in a special match, best two out
of three trial3. Both are promising
puppies. They met recently In a
stake and Cassie W won. The owner
of Lord Melbourne was not satisfied
with the outcome, hence the present
match.
Reserve stake— Faraora, Cuhanola. Bright
Fortune. Rural Artist. Master Rocket. Colore.l
Lady, Rapid Water. Sacramento Boy Aman
dan. Mellinwood, Mickey Free, Texas Hoc-
Hoo, Pagliacci. Pepper Jack. Golden Fortune
Red Rock. Adonis. Fancy Free. Tom Kins"
Mi33 Brummel. Galveston. Lucy Clair Lorrt
Brazen, Aeolus. Renegade Apache. Wedgewood
Raby Amora. Ttalee Lass. Medley, Honest
John. Orslna. Fontenoy.
Dr. W. J. Hosford has disposed of
Dorothy M to F. Shultis. He has also
arranged to dispose of his Futurity
! candidate. Lady Waterford. by Hot
;"Stun*-Lilac, and of another promising
\ youngster. Lady Dorritt.
L. Weise has bought Flaunt from
J. T. McCarthy.
"W. H. Kocher has sold Dear Gas
ton to M. J. Pierce.
F. Rakeman has bought Leona and
Hurry On from R. Hooper.
Dexter B won a thirty-two dog
stake recently at Butte. his second in
succession. He is by Barrister-Slick.
Young Frisco, a litter brother to J J.
O'Shea's Young Fearless, was runner
up. Blake & Smith's Northern Ex
press and Dorothy Belle, formerly
owned by Frank Jones of this city,
reached the semi-finals. The biggest
stake of the year will be run next
month on Miners* Union day.
The coursing talent finds it difficult
to pick a winner in to-morrow's cham
pion stake at Union Park. Richard
Anton Is considered the fastest, but
lacks the drive necessary to win in
such company. Pocatelli had an oft
day last week, but this was only tem
porary- Rector has always been hard
to beat In a three-course stake. Belie
Free and Palo Alto had rather severe
running last week. McVey may prove
the surprise of the stake, as he Is a
fast greyhound.
In the open stake the best eight
seem to be Bright Fortune. Sacramen
to Boy, J. E H. Red Rock, Hudson.
Lucy Clait Raby Amora and Fonte
noy. The likely winners:
Champion stake — Rector, Palo Alto. Rich
ard Anton. McVey.
P. F. Callan has purchased Rose of
Gold, which many consider the most
promising puppy shown this year. It
was runner-up for the stake on New
Year's day.
H. M. N. Spring of San Jose has
registered his Futurity candidate. For
tunate Dawn, by Fortuna Favente-
Dawn, and thinks it the best grey
hound he has ever raised. As the
great Dawn came from his kennels his
present possession must have shown
him something out of the ordinary to
merit the praise of its owner. Mr.
Spring has also registered The Rival
and St. Luton.
James Sweeney also has great ex
pectations of three puppies from the
same litter. He has registered them
under the names of Sherman, Syntax
and Story's Sister.
The young greyhounds coming up
to take the places of the coursers
which have held the center of the
stage for some time are pronounce t
a promising collection. They are br-<i
to run and have been reared care
fully.
California Amateurs Tune
Up Craft for Class Flag Re
gatta andOwners'Handicap
Few of Crack Players Have
* Signified Intentions of En
tering the Tournament
Rector, Pocatelli, Palo AJto,
Richard Anton, McVey ami
Others Figure in a Stake
Keenan Is Busy on ftew Boat
for Dolphins. Who Will Use
It in Championship Races
GREAT MATCH EXPECTED
COURSE OFF EL CAMPO
SOUTH BAYS HOLD RACE
SALES AEE REGISTERED
Corinthian Yachtsmen Will
Cruise to San Pablo Point
on Flood TideThisEvening
First Interchip Barge. Con
test of 1904 Takes Place
at Celtic Union's Picnic
Aspirant for Title to Meet
Champion J. Drummond
MacGavin a Week Hence
Greyhounds of Aristocratic
Breeding Will Soon Tak^
Part iu the- Competition
ARIEL , DOLPHIN
AND SOUTH END
CREWS TO MEET
MURDOCK ANXIOUS
TO WIN LAURELS
ON TENNIS COURT
YOUNG COURSERS
OF PROMISE ARE
COMING FORWARD
SAUSAL1T0 TARS
DROP ANCHOR AT
THE DRAWBRIDGE
CANOEISTS SHOW MARKED ACTIVITY IN BOTH RACING AND CRUISING
THE ;SA^ FRANCISCO ; CALL V ¦ SATURDAY; JUNE 11/ MOH
On--. the '¦' cricket "ground '¦ at Webster
Pacific; With Strong Batting
¦ and 1 Bowling Team, Hopes
to Win To-Morrow's Game
CHANCE IS EQUALIZED
San Francisco Club Is Much
Weakened by Departure of
Kortlang ; From California
COUNTY CRICKET
ELEVEN TO PLAY
RED AND BLACKS
10Shutting the eyes to the danger sig
nal does not clear tha track.
Golf Honors Won by Professional.
LONDON, June 10. — The open golf
championship at Sandwich, was.. won
to-day by a, professional,. Jack White,
with a score of 296.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BT. LOUIS. June lO.i-The Boston team de-
NEW YORK. June 10.— Matthewson held
CUcarn down to a single hit to-day and New
York won. 5 to 0. Attendance, 8000. Score :
R. H. E.
New York 5 tj. 5
Chicago 0 1 1
Batteries — Matthewson and Bowerman; Wel
der and Kilns.
BOSTON. June 10.— Flaherty pitched win
ning ball for Plttsburg against Boston to
day. Attendance, 2000. Score:
/ . R. H. E.
Bcston 4 6 3
Pitttburg '. 8 0 3
-Batteries — Pittlngcr and Moran; Flaherty
atld Smith. Umpire — Moran.
PHILADELPHIA, June 10.— The Cincinnati-
Pbiladelph!a game wan postponed; wet grounds.
NEW YORK. June 10.— Although Brooklyn
tried three pitchers against St. Louis I to-day
the visitors won. Nichols was In fine form.
Only three hits were made off his delivery
and .those came In the eighth and ninth
Innings. Attendance, 2000. Score:
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 3 3 S
St. Louis ....4 « 4
Batteries — Garvln. Doescher. Jones and Ber
gxn; Nichols and Grady. Umpire — Johnstone.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, June 10. — Miss
Miriam Hall of San Francisco gave
the tennis experts assembled at the
West Side Club's court Quite a sur
]<rise to-day when she defeated Miss
E. A. Moore, the woman's champion
of the United States, in the semi-final
round of the women's singrles for the
Metropolitan championship.
Miss Hall, who uses a peculiar but
elective forearm* drive and plays
tlosft to the net. scored a meritorious
victory. The petite player from the
Golden Gatfc showed excellent Judg
ment throughout the contest and won
by a score of 9-7, 6-1.
Miss Hall for several years held the
women's championship of the Pacific
Coast. She was beaten by Miss Moore
in the national women's champion
chip singles last year.
Miss Miriam Hall Defeats Miss Moore
in Scmi-Final Round for Metro
politan Championship.
SAN FRANCISCO GIRL WINS
LAURELS ON TENNIS COURT
fcatcd St. Louis' to-day. Young was effective
throughout the came. Both Ferris an/1 Free
man knocked the ball over the rlght-ne!d
fence. Attendance, 2S0O. Score :
' - R. H. E.
St. Louis 1 9 3
Boston 7 S 4
Batteries — Slevers, Morgan and Sugden;
Younir and Criger.
CLEVELAND. June 10.— Bernhard let Phlla.
dclphia down with three hits, all of which
were scratches. Attendance, 3500 Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 3 0 2
Philadelphia 13 1
Batteries — Bcrnhard and Abbott;. Henley and
Echrcck.
DETROIT. June 10.— Washington knocked
Stovnll out of the box 'In two innings- to-day,
Washington .'. . .'.'. .'. .'.'.'.*.! .'.'.'.'.' 4 12 0
Batteries— Stovall, Klllian and Buelow; Ja
cobson and Drill.
CHICAGO. June 10. — Three passes, three
errors, a steal, a sacrifice and four hits, one
a double and one a triple In the sixth and
seventh innings, gave the locals to-day'«'game
Attendance, 1800. Score: . *
R. H. E.
Chicago.." 8 7 2
New York 5 10 3
Batteries— Altrock, Owen and Sullivan; Pow
ell and McGuire.
Ben was adjudged guilty of the crime
.it passed off as a good Joke, for Ben
is the favorite dog of the boiler-maker.
But woe to any other unfortunate
canine had he committed the deed. A
board and a brief inscription would
now mark his resting place.
Yesterday Jeff was feeling only or
dinarily good, but boxed eight fast
and hard rounds with his sparring
mates, Jack Jeffries and Joe Kennedy.
'It was about the sharpest clash of
arms* the trio has indulged in, and at
the close Kennedy was. bleeding from
the nose and the champion had a
slightly swollen lip. Long experience
has taught Jack Jeffries that discretion
is the' better part of valor," and Jack
always endeavors to be backing away
when his giant brother launches a
projectile. 'Kennedy, though, when
hurt is inclined to force things a bit,
and often falls heir to a hard rap. It
is always followed by an apology from
Jeff, who says: "I didn't hit you hard,
did I?" Kennedy is game, and always
passes back the buck with a "Nope."
Rope skipping, 'the pulleys and a short
spell of tugging with the sand bag
terminated the day's work. As before
mentioned, the boiler-maker was not
feeling especially spry, and there was
nothing doinsr in the afternoon.
(National League.) j (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New York...2!> 13 .«3»0 Boston :«0 14 .682
Chicago 27 14 .C".!»] Chicago 20 l'J .378
Cincinnati -.20 15 .<>.V);Cleveland ...2'J 17 ..175
St. Louis ...20 20 .5iK»iNew York. ..21 13 .571
Plttfbunt ...20 22 .4"ti|Phlla<lclphla.22 20 .521
Brooklyn ...18 27 .40«;St. Louis 20 20 .500
Boston 1« 20 .:!81 (Detroit 13 27 .357
Philadelphia. 8 30 .2rj; Washington.. 8 33 .105
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Cy Young Is Effective Against St.
Louis, the Boston Americans
Winning Cleverly.
MATTHEWSON HOLDS CHICAGO
DOWN TO A SINGLE HIT
Stolen bases— Chase, Ross 2. . Errora To
man, Francis, Schmeer :t_, Three-base hit
Chase. Two-base hits— Chase, Newton. Flood
Shea. Sacrifice hit— Toman. First base on er
rors—Los Angel«s 2. Left on bases— Los An
geles 4. Portland 4. Bases on balls— Off Roach
2. .•• Struck out— By Newton 1, by Roach 1.
Double plays — Schmeer to Beck; Francis to
Beck; Beck to Steelman to Shea. Hit by
pitched ball— Drennan. Time of name-One
hour and 30 minutes. Umpire — McDonald. .
SUMMARY.
Los Angles ....0 1 1 004 0 o x— fl
• Base hlU 0 2 1 0 14 10 x— 0
Portland ........ 0 0 0 0 1 o 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 10 0 3 001 0 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
LOS ANGELES, June 10. — Los An
geles found Roach to-day for a total
of nine hits, three of them being two
baggers, netting them six runs. On
the other hand, Newton held Portland
safe at all stages. The playing of
Portland was at . times ragged,
Schmeer alone making three errors.
The score:
Los AnRelrs — "¦ Portland — ' -»*'.''-
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Toman. ss 2 0 0 1 4 Drnan.cf 3 0 0 2 0
Floort.2b 3 02 2 0 McCdle.rf 4 0 0 2 0
Smith, 3b 4 1.0 1 OjThlmn.lf 4 0 0 0 1
Bernd.cf 4 1 0 1 0 Reck, 2b 4 0 0 2 2
Orvath.rf 4 0 0 3 1 FrnclK.Sb 4 0 0 2 3
Chase lb 4 2 211 1 flohmr,«a 3 0 17 2
Ross," If 4 12 2 0 Rtlmn lb 3 1 15 1
Spies, c ..3 0 1 2 0 Rhea. c ..3 0 2 3 0
Newton.p 3 1/2 1 •' Roach, p3 0 1 1/2
- Totals.31 6 0 27 18 Totals.31 T "c 24 11
Los Angeles Uluggers Get Six Runs on
Nine Hits.
ROACH AN EASY MARK.
Ben Bogner, whose name is a
household word among the gymnasts
of this coast, is now located in Butte.
He has chtrge of Dune McDonald's
gymnasium and. already has a large
class of athletes. No one is better
qualified to impart instruction in ath
letics than Ben Bogner. McDonatd'8
gymnasium is equipped with modern
apparatus and is already a popular
resort. Many business men, having
learned the benefits to be derived
from exercise, attend regularly.
Gymnast Ben Bojjner in Butte.
Firth race — Sandy Andy, Virgo,
Confessor.
Sixth rare — Dimple, Akcla, Bob
Murphy.
Seventh .race — Reveille, Cottage
Maid, Tantalus Cap.
By the New Tork Mornln* Telegraph.
I'lrrt race^ — Shotgun, Polsns, Salva
lells.
Second race — Flying Buttress,
Judge Phillips. Cock Robin.
Third race — Britisher, Harpoon,
Veto.
Fourth race — Highball, Bryn
Mawr, Orthodox.
<;ravesend selections.
Sixth race, one and three-sixteenths miles —
Frank Me won. Tom Hall second. Briers third.
Time. 2:00%.
CINCINNATI. June 10. — Latonia summary v-
First race, six furlon«s— Woods Perry won.
Fiasco second, Iola third. Time, 1:11%.
Second race, five furlongs — Lawler won, San
Jose seconod, Cassie Anna third. Time. 1:02 1-5.
Third race, one mlU — Fred Lazarus won,
Anioroua second, locust Blossom third.' Time.
1:42 Vi.
Fourth race, one mile — Christine A won, D.
L. Moore second. Two Penny third. Time,
1M0H.
Fifth race, five furtodes — Daisy Dean won.
Merino second. Diamond Betty third. Time,
1:02.
Latonia Race Results.
By the Chlcatto Inter Ocean.
First race — Aholn, Boaster, Excla
mation.
Second race— Kurtzman, Broadway
Girl. Pinkerton.
Third race— Moharib, English Lad,
Prince Silverwings.
Fourth race — Bondage, Lord Badge,
Elwood.
Firth race — The Crisis, Tokalon,
Action.
Sixth race — Schoolmate, Golden
3IineraI, Admonition.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
First Race — Kilo, Lady Vashtl,
Sharp Bird.
Second Race — Broomhandle, Arch
Oltlhani, Zuida.
Third Race — Footlights Favorite,
Mohave, Mafalda.
Fourth Race — First Mason, Taby
Tosa, Big Ben.
Fifth Race — Mattie II, Elastic, Ice
Water.
Sixth Race — Nettle Regent, Irish
Jewel, Pathos.
Seventh Race— Wreath of Ivy, Lady
Idris, Potter. -¦ ;-, -.-
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
Seattle — i Tacoma—
AB. R. H. P.A. - AB. R. H. P.A.
Van H.cf 4 0 1 &"0DoyI«.rf. 5 112 0
Mohlr.2b 4 0 2 3\ 5 Khehn,.Jb 4 0 2 1 1
Deleh.ab 4 111 0:Xordy,lb 5 1 Oil O
Frlsk.lf. 2 0 12 2!Egan.ss. 4 1114
Pmlth.rfi 4 0 0 1 0 Lynch. cf. 4 0 0 0 0
Ulknp,lb 3 0 18 0 Casey,2b 4 2 2 H 4
Hall.ss.. 4 0 0 4 23IcI.n,lf. 3 113 0
Wilson.c 3 0 0 3 OJUrahm.c 4 1 3 « 1
Barber.p 4 0 0 0 2 Overall, p 4 0 2 0 3
Totals 32 1 0 27 111 Totals 37 7 12 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle :........ 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 1
Base hits 01101210 0—6
Tacoma 00 0 0 1 22 2 0^ <
Base hits 00102114 3—12
SUMMARY.
Errors-^-Van Hnltren, Dclehanty. Wilson, Mc-
Laiighlln, Graham. ! Earned runs — Tacoma 2.
Two-base hits — Mohler 2, Van Htfltren. Overall.
Home run — Egan. Sacrifice hit — Blanken
ehiy. Stolen base* — Sheehan, Casey. Basrs on
called balls — Off Barber 1. off Overall 5. Struck
out— Hy Barber 3, by Overall 4. Pa*s«il ball—
Wilson. Left on bases— Seattle 10, TAifoma 4.
Time of game — One hour and • forty-flva
minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
. SEATTLE, June- 10.- — Overall out
pitched Barber and Tacoma won eas
ily. For four innlnga the game was
almost perfect. After that Tacoma
hit Barber freely. Score:
Outpltches Barber of Seattle and Ta
- -v coma Wins Handily.
OVERALL IN WINNING FORM.
This \ morning the champion was
limping around like a race horse with
a quarter crack and the warriors of
the Jeffries camp will unquestionably
rest on their arms to-day while the
chieftain's leg is - being attended to.
There is a swelling nearly the size of
a baseball on the left Knee cap and
what caused it is a mystery. The big
fellow says the pain kept him awake
from about 1 o'clock in the morning
and cold applications were tried to re
duce the 'unwelcome visitor. At first
it was thought the bite of some poi
sonous Insect may have caused it, .but
no such signs could be detected. Jeff
himself is inclined to ascribe it to the
result of an old Injury he received
while skylarking on the night of his
contest with James J. Corbett. While
alighting from a street car Cal Ewing,
the Oakland baseball magnate, jumped
on the champion's back and a mis
step caused the knee to be wrenched. .
Misfortunes do not come singly, for
Jeff and his. next door neighbors were
cheated out of a before Bedtime lunch
eon by old Ben, one of Proprietor Jim
Hayes' deer hounds.
On the menu for dinner yesterday
was roast pig, and the head of a sweet
suckling had been saved from the
wreckage for Jeff. It was taken to his
room for safe keeping, as abnormal ap
petites develop in a day here. At the
appointed time the ( champion . and a
few invited guests retired for the feast,
ludge of ¦ their surprise on beholding
only, an eyeball and an ear remaining
of the toothsome delicacy. When old
He is suffering from what medical
men call synovial bursae, but which is
more commonly called "housemaid's
knee." There is a gathering of water
outside the left knee cap which has
formed a big sack. This is usually a
stubborn ailment, which is slow to yield
to treatment. Rest is the special treat
ment in these cases, and a month is
usually required before beneficial re
sults are obtained. Sometimes the knee
joint is badly involved, and then re
covery is a slow process.
The outward signs of trouble usually
develop some time after the knee has
been Injured. This Is often the case
with housemaids, who injure the deli
cate mechanism of the knee while
washing floors.
Dr. Devening, the physician at the
springs, cannot tell at present how
long Jeffries must rest. Owing to his
excellent condition nature may effect a
rapid cure. It is agreed by Manager
Delaney and by his assistants that a
let up of two days in Jeff's training
will do him no harm, as he has been
working exceptionally hard for some
days. A council of war will be held on
Monday, when a decision will be
reached as to whether Jeffries will go
on with the flght or whether he will
ask for a postponement.
HARBIN SPRINGS, June 10.— Just
when Champion Jeffries was congratu
lating himself that he had gone
through a severe course of training
without a single setback an injury was
developing which may necessitate a
postponement of his fight with Jack
Munroe.
Special Dispatch to The Call
By F. M >lul hoi I a ml.
Munroe intends to get rid of his staff
of heavies with the exception of Andy
Gallagher and gather a collection of
fast lightweights and welter-weights
who can step lively. He expects to de
velop footwork in this way. He will
also cut cut his long swims, contenting
himself with one plunge a day.
The sale of seats for the bis fight
opened yesterday morning at Harry
Corbett's and a large number were dis
posed of. From present indications ' It
seems the attendance wil) be large.
The latter talked with Billy Delaney,
at Harbin, over the telephone last
night. It developed that the symptoms
described by Delaney are Identical with
some shown by Jim Corbett when he
was training. They came from over
exertion and, in Corbett's case, a day's
rest always effected a cure. It is ex
pected a rest of twenty-four hours will
work wonders with Jeffries. Delaney
was positive that Jeffries will be ready
to defend his title next Friday night
and that no postponement will be
necessary. *&&%
Manager Pollock took a decided stand
in the matter of Eddie Graney referee
ing the light. "Leaving out all con
sideration of the Britt-Corbett flght."
he said, "I don't want Graney to referee
this flght, as 1 do not think him com
petent. I was told, on my way West,
that I will be forced to accept him.
I suppose if it came to a severe case I
might do so, but it would be under pro
test. 1 don't think Graney or any man
would want to act under such condi
tions.
"Regarding our standing with Jimmy
BrHt, we have an agreement to meet
on September 15 to arrange the details
of a match. In our agreement there Is
a clause which provides that if either
man fights, the other may cancel thj
agreement If he desires. If Corbett
fights ar.d wins it would improve him
as a drawing card. If he loses Britt
can either flght him or call the match
off. That is as far as either of us is
bound by the agreement."
Jack Munroe worked a whole hour
yesterday afternoon without taking a
minute's rest with the exception of the
time consumed in changing his boxing
gloves. He went through his regular
stunts with the gloves, on the punch
ing bags and with the various maehiiy.*
around the gym. He finished up look
ing 'bigger and stronger than ever be
fore, and was not in the least fatigued
from hla hard work.
He went two fast rounds at lnflghtins
with Andy Gallagher as a wind-up for
the afternoon's labors. He bustled tha
clever amateur about the ring and
rushed him into corners, landing hard
rights and lefts whenever there was
rxn opening. He caught Andy one good
hard right on the jaw during a clinch
and it shook him up. Before donning
the mitts with Gallagher the bJg min«r
tcok on Owen Sullivan and Frank Ra
fael. He used Sullivan rather harshly
at times and assumed the clever pose
with Rafael.
Harry Pollock, manager for Jack
Munroe, arrived last night from the
East. He was disappointed at hearing
of Jeffries' trouble, but his fears were
dispelled after a conversation with
Harry Corbett. » •
CHICAGO. June 10.— English Lad,
Moharib, Prince Silverwings and other
Derby candidates will meet to-morrow
at Harlem in the M. Lewis Clerk
stakes at one and an eighth miles. The
complete list of entries follows:
First race, seven furlongs — Helgerson 102.
Don't Ask Me HC, Boaster 107. Mlndora 105
John A. Scott 110, Ahola 105, Canyon K-2, Ex
clamation 102. Fretsias 89, Peter J 102. Annu
102. Ontonagon 105. Harney 107, The Meteor
105.
Second race, four furlongs — Schoolcraft 105,
Pinkerton 110. Broadway Girl 112, Lady Lasca
112. Rainlns Leaves 102, Vic Zelgler lt'5. Pee
fV O'Neal 107. Useful Lady 112. Kurtzmann
115. Modredlaw 115, Ivan the Terrible 105. ¦
Third race, one and an eighth miles M.
Lewie Clark stake* f5000 — Copper 1U5, " Bill
Curtis 111. El wood 122. Flo Bob 112 Proof
reader 109. Prince Silverwings 112. English
Lad 122, Moharib 122. Lonsdaie 109, Proceeds
122.
Fourth race, one and eighth miles, handicap
— Havlland »7. Bragg 100. Elwood 102, Lord
Badge lot). Bondage 104. Dr. Stephens 08.
Fifth rac*. six furlongs — Singing Master 89.
Americano 107, Mayor Johnson 106, Magic
Flute *7. Action 107, Mansard 104. The Crisis
102, Tokalon 01, Dusky »1. Sockdolenger 103.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Weird 10J,
Little MiFcion 08, Falemian 03. Evander 104,
Blackthorn 112, Nervator 103, Mezzo 08
Sarilla 102. Louisville 102. Rough an4 Tumble
102 Golden Mineral 94, Volto S3. Schoolmate
08. ' Admoniticn 109, Love's Labor ll<9. Creole
Weather clear. Track fast.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
ST. •'LOUIS. June \ 10. — The racing
scene will shift to the Fair Grounds
to-morrow.. ,. The entries follow: . .
First race, six furlongs;" selling — Sharp Bird
107. Happy Chappy 105. Royal Deceiver' 105.
W r olfram 105. Tros 104, Ponca 102. Rosecourt
102. Lady Vushtl 101. Kilo 100,. Requisition 100,
Caterplller »0, Sol Smith 99, Clear . the Arena
02. Recina D 89.
Second race, four furlongs — Rroomhandle 110,
Arch Oldham 112. Zlnda 109, Inspector Halpln
103.. Platoon 103. Phil King 103. Millwood 103.
Arlena 100. Franco 100.
' Third race, seven furlong* — Mohave 103,
Felix Mozzeo 103, Pathmaster 10.1, Mafalda
101. W. P. Palmer 100, Footlijchts Favorite W.
Fourth race, cne mile, the Inaugural handi
cap—First Mason 11«. Sambo 115. Big Ben 115.
Bas dt)r 112, Crolx d'Or 107. Estrada Palma
107 Ancke 102. Taby Tosa 101, LUclan 99, Jack
Young SS. Copperneld 07. (Bas d'Or and Crolx
d'Or, Mulkey entry\) ...
Fifth race, six Yurlongs— Elastic i 119, "Ice
Water . 108, Glennevls 107, Mattie H 104,
Rebo 100.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell-
Ing — Irish Jewel 108. Charlie Grainger 107,
Bessie McCarthy 105, Mayor Graham 102,
Pathos 101, Flora Bright 101. Nettle Regent
100, Ivernla 100. .Sting 100.
Seventh race. six furlongs, selling — Lord
Qucx 110. Potter 100. Joe Goss 108, One More
104, Lady Contrary' 102. Jake Ward 102, Trap
setter 102. General Prig- 100. Santa Ventura
»7, Hoceo 95. Our Llllle 05, Caelana 05, Wreath
of Ivy 93, Ladv Idris 07.
Weather clear; track slow.
ST.-LOUIS ENTRIES- ~
Boilermaker Has Sy no vial
Bursae or "Housemaid's
Knee" - Rest Ordered.
Manager Harry Pollock Is
Opposed to Graney Act
ing as Referee.
Joe Thomas^ stowed Bonar Wilt
away in the fourth round of a slow,
tedious flght at Mechanics' Pavilion
Annex last night. The finishing punch
was a hard right to the jaw. Wilt
was not entirely out, but his seconds
threw up the sponge to save their
man from further punishment at the
hands of his husky young opponent.
The flght was the main event of the
Lincoln Club's card.
The other bouts were remarkable
for the bad decisions made by Referee
Milton Hayes. A game lad styled
"Young Choynski" was pitted against
Charles Augustus and succeeded in
half murdering the latter. The Judges
disagreed and the referee showed
enough bad judgment to give the flght
to the beaten man. Again, in the go
between Qeorgie Currie and Billy
Condon, the old-time heavy-weight,
bad judgment prevailed, for Condon
got the palm of victory, although the
best he did was to' hold on every time
his opponent came rushing at him.
Currie landed all the punches and
forced the milling from the tap of the
gong. •¦
Willie Friel easily outpointed Jack
Bradshaw in a fast four-round mix
up, in which both boys were badly
punished. Sam Anderson knocked out
Jack Jackson in one round and Ed
Mensor got a hair-line decision over
Kid Vedo.
Referee Hayes Makes Two Bad Blun
ders, Awarding Decisions to De
feated 3Ien Instead of Victors.
WILT SUCCUMBS TO HARD
RIGHT OX JAW IN FOURTH
THE WORLD'S CHAMPION HEAVY-WEIGHT BOXER. WHO IS AT PRESENT AT HARBIN SPRINGS. HI3 FRIENDS BE
LIEVE HIS DISABILITY IS ONLY TEMPORARY AND THAT HE WILL BE READY TO DEFEND HIS TITLE. DANA
& PETERSON PHOTO. . . - .
Stolen bases — Dunleavy. Irwin. Errors — Gan
ley,. Schlofley 2. Devereaux.- Reitz. Two-baito
hits — Lehman, Waldron. Hildebrand. Sacri
fice hits — Townsend 2. Oanley. First base on
errors — San Francisco 3, Oakland.. 1. First
base, on -called ball»— Off Whalen 1, off Cooper
4. Left on baires — San Francisco 0, Oakland
.".- "Struck out— 'By Whalen 1, by Cooper 3.
Time of game — One hour 50 minutes. Umpire —
Huston. ' ;. '
SUMMARY.
San Francisco ..001100130—6
Base hits 10. 2 21032 2—13
Oakland 0,1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 2 2 0 1 1 0 2 0 — 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
tossers. played some good
baseball at Recreation Park yesterday,
and the Oakland crowd didr otherwise.
At least they did toward the end of the
game, for in the eighth, round every
man on the team seemed to soar heav
enward. They, stayed there until three
runs came In and completely splintered
the game.' Score,' San Francisco 6, Oak
land 1.
Oakland could not hit Whalen. They
managed to coax in - a run during the
progress of. the second Inning, , when
Dunleavy was given ,a- life .on a bad
throw by Reitz, stole, and arrived on a
hit by Brick Devereaux. .San Fran
cisco was not long in coming back, for
in the next period, with two gone, HJ1
debrand singled , and 'arrived on Wal
dron's double to left.
San Francisco got another start in
the fourth. Irwin clouted one past
Francks. Townsend ,. ,. sacrificed and
Reitz came through wjth a smash out
to left. Moskiman made a bad throw
to-.the plate and Irwin was allowed to
come in instead of being caught ten
filet from the pan.
. Nothing; happened then till the sev
enth. Then Hildebrano swatted out a
double to center and TValdron hit one
to Cooper that was too torrid to handle.
Hildebrand played off third and Cooper
•threw to catch him. Devereaux dropped
the ball, and that's the story of the
third run.
It was broken up for a fare-ye-well
in round eight. Irwin again hit the
leather safely and Townsend produced
another sacrifice. SchlaHey dropped
Reitz's fly and Ganley dropped Leahy's
long one. This meant another tally,
and two more followed when Whalen
flew to left and Miller hit over short.
The score:
San Francslco — I' Oakland — •:-V ; -
, AB. R. H.P.A. AB. R. H.P.A.
Miller, s 5 0 2 3 0 Ganly, rf 2 0 0 2 0
Hldbnd If 4 2 3 2 0 'Franks s 4 0 2 5 2
Waldn.cf 5 0 3 1 0;Schlfy,2b 4 0 2 4 0
Meany.rf 4 0 14 OiDnlvy.cf 4 11 2 0
Irwln.Sb 5 2 2 5 '-. ti'.b' vnuc,3b 4 0 10 1
Twnsd.lb2.0 Oil 0 Mikmn.lt 4 0 0 2 1
Reitz. 2b 4 1 1 0 2 Streib, lb 4 0 0 7 1
Leahy, c 3 1 0 1 1 I.ohtnn, c 4 0 1 5 4
Whalen.p 4 0 10 5 Cooper, p 4 0 1 0 5
Totals.36 6 13 27 14 1 Totals.34 T T 27 14
(Pacific Coast League.) " •. '
, W. L. Pct.l ' "W. L. Pet.
Oakland 4131 .560 Seattle 37 33 .520
Tacoma ....41 31 .5C9'San Fran 32 39 '.451
Los Angeles. 41 32 .6G2'Portland ....21 47 .309
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Jimmy Wlialen Has Good
Day in Box and Keeps All
His Opponents Guessing
LOIDTAN'S MEN COLLAPSE
Owners Lose Hope of Win
ning Suburban With Son
of Star Euby.
NEW YORK, June 10.— Highball/
Bryn Mawr. Orthodox and The South
erner will fight it out in the 110,000
Brooklyn Derby to-morrow at Graves
end- The day's entries:
First rae*>. about six furlong* handicap —
Shotgun I2(i, Pulsus 120 River Pirate 118.
Uariling lHj. Bardo!j>h 114. Ingold 113. Lady
Amelia 112. John F 112. Collector Jessup 112.
t^Ivatella J07. King Pepper 104. New Tork
lw. AthUixa SO, Ruby Ring 87. Palmbearer 10S
Second race, about two miles The Kensing
ton tt»-<?{i!«>chaiw>. j.wo — Judge Phillips 15s.
Cock Robin 152, Walter Cleary 147. Fox
Hunter 147. Strikealight 145. Flying Buttress
J40, Numeral 140 Judllh Campbell 144 Farm
<-r'» Foe 137. ManUlan 130. Candling 132, En
tight 130.
Third race, about eix furlongs, two-yar-
Olda. The Tremont stakes. $12.500 — Merry Lark
115. Tonitorder 115. Harpoon 115. Princess Erls
112 \>io 112. Britither 112. Paul Jones 112.
Fourth race, one and a half miles, three-
The Brooklyn Derby. flO.OCX) — Bryn
Mawr IIS, Highball IIS. Orthodox 118, The
Southerner US.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, two
>«-»r-<jlds. selling — Cock Robin 152. Fir Brillar
3<1. Ike S 110 Sandy Andy 102. Graylad 102.
Rubric 1CZ J. II. O'Brien 102. Confessor 102.
IJr^rick 1C2. Noralight WJ. Virgo SW. Raiment
'.<:>. Vz««ar Girl lO. liecreo 97, Fra Fcllp^e 97,
Dan--* Music f»4.
r«c/>, one and a sixteenth milt-s, gell
ing— Akela 10*. The Rhymer l«jj I»aget 112,
Uckitbtr 1G7. The Rival 103. Bob Murphy 100,
<*W«:;» 'M. Dinarile UQ, Judge Dcntoa 91,
K<>vf!nth race, one and a sixteenth milwt.
fc.iiiwr— Tantalus Cup 110, Prfltorlus 10S. Nine
• pot M. M»-lTy Acrobat 10<i Cottage Maid U4
M'Mnlfii UH Mt-rry Hours lftl. Alack 103'
Flora :¦".. Kr.iibhamptcn :><:<. Rev til '.c- 5*1.
W«-ath«-r cltar; track drying.
GKAVESEXD ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; handicap:
Brtting. Hon>e. Weight Jockey. St. K Fin
13 to .V- Flyback. 113 <Hildebrnd) 3 2 2 1 »i
* to 5 — Vcloday, 105 (Redfern)... 1 1 h 2 *«
7 to 5— Buttling, 110 (Burn?) 2 3(5 US
Time. 1 :1O. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J E. Madden'e ch. c. by Requltal-
Dansy Rose. Sailor Boy -also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
three-year-rtlds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «; Fin.
6 to 1— Hyland, l(xi <J. Martin), ti 2 2 13
3 to 1— Mack. Dwyer.104 (Hldfcd) 2 3 b 2 34
3d to 1 — Sir Roche, 99 (Travers). 8 6 3 2
Time, 1:57 1-5. gtart fair. Won easily.
Winner J. McGuir^'s b. c by »I(rthful-Kou
tr.it-ii. Trepan. Ella Snyder. Bob Murphy.
Tcm Cod, Lord Melbourne, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Or* and a quarter miles;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Eottlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
a to 5 — Audience. 10« tPhilllpe).. 5 41 In
4 ! ) to 1 — Garr.Uh. Iw <Ashworth). . 1 16 2 1»4
4 to 5— Africander. 12S (Bullman) 4 2 «i 3 20
Tira«. 2:00 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. S. J». Brown's ch. f. by Sir Dlxon
6a!lle McClelland. Phaon. Brigand, finished
as named.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
the Hanover Felling slakrs: two-year-olds-
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ", Fin.
Even — Gold Ten. »j (Hildbrnd) 1 1 hi 1 14
• 0 1> 1 — Ganuri, 8s <Travers)... 2 2 2 2 10
3»to 1— R«3 Friar. 107 rfhawj... 3 3 »j 3 5
Time. 1:1/3 1-5. sfiart fair. Won handily.
Winner. W. L. Lakeland's b. f. by Gold Crest-
Mis* Tenr.y. Dazzle. Hamburger and Monaco-
C r :.:.:t;.!.ii as named.
SECOND RACE— One ar.d a sixteenth miles;
purse; thrw-ye&r-olds and tip:
Lteulng. Hor** . Weight, Jockey. St. «; Fin.
J io 5 — Or. Right. lu7 «Lyne) 4, 1 I 15
3 tu 1— Funny Side. 93 (Hldbnd) 1 2 3 2 1H
40 to I— Ottrlch. 100 (Crlmmlns) 3 5 3 5
Time. 1:512-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. B. Paget'c ch. c. by Ormonde-Right.
Ctalwsjt ar.d Alsier finished as named.
GUAVESEND. Juna 10.— Africander
wajj beaten again to-day, and this
latest defeat seems to wipe out entirely
any hope his owners may have enter
tained of his winning: the Suburban
against such thoroughbreds as Irish
Lad and The Picket. He certainly
would have no chance under such a
listless ride as Bullman gave him to
day. Africander needs strong, vigorous
riding.
Audience, winner of the race in which
Africander met defeat. Is a slashing
good daughter of Sir Dixon and out of
that great race mare Sallie McClelland.
Audience improves with every ra/:e. She
has not only sr>eed, but she has more
courage and stamina than many colts
in the three-year-old division. Great as
is Newton Bennington's Beldame, there
are many who will pin their faith to
the daughter of Sir Dixon when they
meet, especially if the race is over a
distance of ground.
In to-days race Garnish, a selling
plater, which was a 40 to 1 chance in
the betting, sailed away in front with
surprising speed and was soon running
ten lengths in front of the field. Then
he gradually slowed up. but it was not
until the last jump that Audience man
aged to poke her nose in front. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— About fix furlongs; selling;
ihree-year-olde :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Hi to 5 — \y i :» 9H <«."*rimraint)... 7 15 13
U> to 1— W. ThiFtle.lCl «G - Con.) 1 4 1 2 %
6 to 1— For Luck. 105 (O'Xeil).. 2 2 3 3 2
Time, 1 :12 3-5. Start rood. Won easily.
Winner. W. B. Jennings' ch. f. by Star Ruby-
Leucohia. tSeymour. Green Crfft, Judge Den
ton. Flamroula, The Cricket. Raider. Posees
¦ ion. Juvenal Maxim, Ruby Ring and Julia M
finished as named.
Sj*cl«J Dispatch to The Call
TJme. 1 :23. Start good. Won all out. Win
ner. J. H. Larue's b. g. (ti) by Soundmore-
Queen* Victoria - Galla Water 8S, Swing Cor
ner* 107, BaslUns 107. Naweta 102, Atlas 97,
Dr. Pcharff .102, Qllvertoa 101. finished as
named.' .' .' "
SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three- year- olds and up
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— One More. 107 (Sheehan). 4 1 5 1 *i
5 to 2— D. Sommers 108 (Crwfd) 6 4 2 2 1
9 to 2— Tally H, 107 (Blake).... 1 2 H 3 1
FIFTH RACE— <5ne ml!e and twenty yards;
purse; three-year-olds and up. ¦¦ '
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to; 2— Porquoi Pas. 100 (Cocl) 2 2 7.1^
3 to' 1— Elle. 87 (Stoval) 4 3 % 2 7
20 to 1— N. Woodcock^ 87 (PrXn) 111 3 12
Time, l:4«Vi. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, J. K^Hughes' b." m. (4) by Irorjuols-Ella
Bleckburn. First One 104, Eleven Belles 09,
Dominis 111, Branch . II 111, Faqulta 100.
Illuminate 106. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE-^Seven . furlongs ;' .purse;
three-year-olds and ifp . ' ""
Betting Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Just So. 98 (D Austin) 2 2 10 1 2
7 to 5— Hilee. 100 (Crawford).. 4 112 2.
15 to 1— DoHnda.- 08 (Perkins).. • 1-3-4--8 12 •
Time. 1:29. Start Rood. Won easily. Win
ner. E. A. Chinn& Co.'s ch: g. (3) ,by George
Kessler- Verily. Barkley 101 also ran.
Time, 1:47U- Start .good. Won driving.
Winner, Ira Rlce"s br. g. (5) by Brutus-Nabete.
Sapere 1C2, Hansborough 102, Blocker 101,
Helen Hay 03. Birfiwood 100, Little Tommy
Tucker lot, Jingler 106, Satchel 99, Drumtriond
104. finished as named.
THIRD RACE — One mile and twenty yards;
three-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Pfc % FInl
11 to 1— F. Jones. 101 (Williams).lo 2 2 1 h
S to 1— Misanthrope. 00 (Neely). 12 12 2 1>£
100 to 1— G-. Vivian. lOl'(Barron) 7 3 2- 3 n
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin, ¦
3 to 1— Yellmant'n, 112 (Crwfrd) 7 V% 1 Vt
10 to 1— Muscovolr. 109 (Austin).. 4 2 3 2 3
SO to 1 — Swevt Note, 100 (Lindsay) 2 3 2 3 2 .
Time. 1:18. Start straggling. , Won driving.
Winner, Mrs. W. P. Perkins .'& 'Co.'s br. c.
(3) by St Florian-Queenwich. J. Reiff-109,"
Edna Daniels 107, Bamboo Tree ¦ 100, Circular
Joe 112. Yellow Hammer 112, BandlUs 103.
Grief Iu7, finished as named. - - •-'
ST. LOUIS, June 10.— Just -So, scored
his fourth consecutive victory to-day
after Hilee, heavily played in the ring,
had made the pace to the stretch and
quit there. This was the last day at
Delmar and a great crowd .was pres
ent. Bernays, the Respass horse, which
has displaced Dick Welles as favorite
for the $50,000 stake to be run here on
the 2£th inst., was declared from the
Inaugural stakes. Rome Respass stated
to-day that he did not think Dick
Welles would go to the post in the
World's Fair handicap. Thousands of
dollars have been bet on Welles .in the
future books. Welles is high in flesh
and has been blistered on the shoulder.
The track at the Fair Grounds to-mor
row will, be fast barring rain. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds: ' •" i' v
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
ii to I— Sylvan Belle, !t7 (Gilmore) 7 3 1%1 n
»> to 1— Fallona, lOTi (Sheehtin) 4 13 21^
2 to 1— Passive. 02 (Plunkett) 6 4 2 3 h
Time, :37 : K. Start good. Wen driving. Win
ner. W. R. Regan & Co.'s ch. f. (2) by Forest-
Keturah. Matera 1)7, Laurel L 103. Glenftnlass
02. Annlsquam l>7. The Missourlan 'JO, Covlna
lul, Besterllng 102, linished as named
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Time. 1:48 4-5. Start good. ".Won easily;
Winrvt-i. J. H. Stack's b. h., (5) ty Faraday-
A!ta Blue. Paramount 105. Ryev»l* 97, Marlln
102 Hermenda 111. Albany Girt 100, Benson
Caldwell 111. Leviathan 106. finished aa named.
SIXTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Hor»e. Weight, Jockey. St. *4 -Fin.
12 to 6— Cornwall. 100 (Lawrence)>T 2 2-iT'l t
9 to 1— Mi Reinu, 103 (Hullcoat> 1 3 J$ 2 \\-,
4 to 1— Durbar. 1)2 (Nicol) .:. 9 14 3 1
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; purse; two
year-olds:
Bettlnr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. "»i Fin.
9 to 10— The Mist. 10U (Lawmce) 4 1 h 11
5 to 1— Cigar Lighter. 108 (Hck) 2 3 h 2 lj
3 to 1— Regale. 100 <Ollphant).. 5 2 2 3 3
Time. 1:01 3-3. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. H. Hammond's ch. f. by Magnet-
Tennebrae. Rather Royal 101, Green Rose 102,'
Peggy Mine 1«». Happy Jack 101. Trifler 105,
fini.-h'd as named.
FOURTH RACE — One mile; purse; three
year-olds and up: ¦ " .
Hetting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2 — Foncasta. 1)7 (Knapp) . 3 Sl^ln
4 to 1— Peter J.Somers.tf.'i (McB) 5 5 2 3
11 to 2 — The Regent. 113 (Robins) 4 4 h 3 2
Time. 1:42 1-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, James Curl's ch. c. (3) by Fonso-
Lucasta. The Hebrew 80, Sioux Chief 101,
finished as named.
Tima. a:39 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. W. Darden & Co.'» b. g. (aged) by
Lconatua-Plantress. Tatar 144. Donami 12S.
Kahili 14S. Bweet Jane 130, Dr. Nowlln 146
(fell), flr.ltht-d as named.
THIRD RACE— Steeplechase; short course;
four-year-olds; handicap.
Betting. Horn*. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Leo Planter, 133 (Laton). 6 1 «i 16
8 to 1— Montanlc. 14S (Archibald) 3 32 28
7 to 1— Eva Mae. 137 (Bates) 5 4 2 3 4
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs:
three-year-old:: and up; nurse.
Bettlnp. Hor«<«. Weight, Jockey. St. S J Fin.
0 to 1— Fred Leppcrt, 9S tNlcol).. 4 1'ii H
S to 1— Em. of India. US UohnsA) 5 1 n 2 4
5 to 2 — Commodore. 101 Rabbins). 2 2 % 3 h
Time, i :2V 3-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner, Kred Cooks ch. x. (3) by Victory-
Bunch, lieaa Ormonde 114. Wainamoinen 109,
Armorer 101, Klnas Court 111, Gllfaln 109, fin
lahed as named. •
CHICAGO, June 10.— Fine weather, a
good track and an attractive card at
tracted a big: crowd to Harlem to-day.
Interest centered in the second race, a
six and a half furlong sprint, which
produced a complete upset in the vic
tory of Fred Cook's faint-hearted Fred
Leppert, at 9 to L The colt forgot to
quit to-day — in fact, he came from be
hind, showed unusual gameness and
won going away. Emperor of India,
another outsider at S to 1, was second,
four lengths in front of the Derby can
didate. Commodore, which was out to
the final ounce to beat Beau Ormonde
a head for third money. Commodore
went to the post favorite at 5 to 2,
backed from 7 to 2, with Beau Ormonde
second choice at 3 to 1, drifting from 2
to 1.
The steeplechase furnished the usual
number of accidents, three jockeys be
ing thrown, but, fortunately, none were
seriously hurt. Four favorites won.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds ; selllns.
Bfilln^. Hcrso. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
11 tu 10— Airship. -105 (Lawrence) 8 C 2 ll'i
11 to 2— Tramator. 106 (Oliphnt) 5 4 a 2 2
15 to 1 — Anona. t«7 (Wilson) 1 11 ah
Time. 85 3-6. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, P. Dunne's ch. c. by Flying Dutehman-
Falaise. Del Carina 10.'. Eckcrsall 101. Stella
Allen »7. Marie 101. Dixie Andrews .07, Foxy
Grandn.a V2. Gallant Ca*sic 82. Swedish lad
9i». Tim Hurst '100, Lady McKoon 84, finished
at named.
fcjieci&l Dispatch tp The Call.
They Bat In Three Runs by
Consistent Hitting and
Get Three More on Errors
UNCLE'S TOSSERS
MAKE OAKLANDERS
LOOK LIKE KIDS
Just So Scores His Fourth
Consecutive Victory at
Delmar Track.
AFRICANDER, UNDER A LISTLESS RIDE,
LOSES TO CAPTAIN BROWN'S AUDIENCE
Fred Leppert, an Outsider in
the Betting, Wins at
Harlem.
• THE- SAN : FRANCISCO CALU SATURDAY, ; JUNE . 11, 1905.
JEFFRIES-MUNROE CHAMPIONSHIP FIGHT HANGS IN THE BALANCE
MYSTERIOUS INJURY TO JEFFRIES' KNEE
MAY PUT CHAMPION OUT OF TRAINING
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, JUNE 11, 1904.
12
I wrsiy~SS CHA\~>— rnntinneil.
! A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1030.
3 Eddy Et.. cor. Market and Powell.
j Headquarters for all kinds of business chancea.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves; 36-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business^ 20 acres land goes
with lease: raise own hay, vegetables; all
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year; equity In
this $2500: death in family cause of — <le.
CAMERON & CO. .
FOR sale— Well-furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; all modern conveniences: new, one
yar; price $2200 complete. CAMERON &.
CO.. 3 Eddy tt.
FOR sale — Well -located bazaar and furnishing
goods business: cheap rent; C^a years' lease;
cne of the best transfer corners In city; do-
Ing fine business; other Interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR tale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to f70 ton; trade
fcr rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale, or will trade — 6 acres inside city [
limit*; one of best interior cities In Callfor- 1
nia; house barn, other outbuildings; plenty I
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
roomiftg-house; price $4000. CAMERON 4
CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business: -
central location; established 0 years; rent ,
$30; clears ?J0 to $100 per month: price $500; I
must sell on account of other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and 1
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well I
located and equipped with modern tools,
¦etc.; full investigation and trial given; re-
tiring from business. CAMERON £ CO., 3
Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made In all kind? of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
CANDY business; valuable downtown location;
good business: fine fixtures: $4C00; other in-
terests. Address box 677, Call office.
CALL route for sale: a line large Call route,
In the city of A'.ameda. Box 2179. Call. _
J J"200 — CIGAR store, wholesale and retail. Call
at factorj'. 22U Fifth st.
SALOON and chop house for sale. Inquire at
273-275 Fourth St. JOHN MUHEIRN.
FOR rnle — Oaken" 22d and Fair Oaks. Ap-
ply ."Ml'.t 22d; on account of death.
SALOON, house and barn for sale, cheap. Ap-
ply at !>21 Brannan st.
FOR sale— Th? Union Hotel; manufacturing
town. Ucnici*!, Col.
$375 — SALOON in center of city; must be sold;
bt-rsain. Adrcra Box 2115. Call office.
BAKERY: all store trade; $33 dally; flrst-claas
place; $2000. 721 Po!k st.
CARPENTER shop, fine location and trade;
offer wanted. 1522V4 Bush st.
WANTED — To buy a good paytng delicatessen
store. Address box 5S4, Call office.
HAIRDRESSERS — Call and see my place ;*"
must sell; make offer. 1153 Market st.
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this office. p.,
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., cpposlta Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
-"LODCilXG-HOl'SES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances: everything In
first-class condition: good furniture and car-
pots; clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient can clear $300 to $360 per month;
here Is best preposition in city; price $3200.
63 rooms; best downtown transient house In
city; will trade forVanch; compelled to leave
the city.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month: to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-hcuse; 6icUneas; must sell; snap; $600.
128 rooms; cheap rent: long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $300 to $G00 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with ua.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In:
clears $400 per month; $1000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms: r»nt $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
1C8 roomi; chenp rent;> new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction if desired;
rare chance fnr right parties: part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house: other busi-
ness interests demand Immediate departure.
8 rooms; fin* upper flat: rent only $30: can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
21 rooms: corner; rent only $R5; oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms 'landlady; price
$ieoo.
IS9 rooms; grand, new. modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: fine lease; paying $500 to $(>00 per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
7-room flat; rent $40: oak furnl'.ire; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
126 rooms; rrnt only $4 per ronm; new and
un-tixJate house: all men; electric elevator,
lights: long leusc; clears $4C0 to $500 per
month; one of the beat buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished;
little apartmf nt-house; reduced to $1100.
25 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
14 rooms: rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month: call for particulars.
I.arjr" list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished. lease.. .$3300
2C reom*. all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country transient.. 6000
SI rooms, rent only !?."..". 1500
40 rooms, rrnt $70. transient 1500
SI rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
Monty to loan on furniture at low tates. *
EITEL fe CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
FOR sale — Lodging-house; 2-1 rooms; good
business. 4C2 Twelfth «t., Oakland. Cal.; no
agents. >
42 ROOMS; corner: near R. R. depot: rooms
all full; clears $125 per month; rent $3 per
room; owner sick; must sell; $2r55O. 453, Call.
THIRTY -FIVE-ROOM Market-street house:
busy corner; Al transient: I will sell at low
figure or exchange. Box 34S0, Call office.
10- ROOMED house; rooms full; fine location;
Geary, near Larkin ; price $000. Box 437, Call.
12-ROOM lodging-house for sale; rooms full;
centrally located: bargain. Box 2107, Call.
FOR sale— Lodging house; " 231 Thlrd\»t.; 20
rooms: owner sick: price $050: rent $75. •
CARPKT nEATlXO _ AND -CLEASISG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used .for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
- Co.. .'!'is Market it. ; phonea Main 152 and
Bush 479. , ¦ ¦ ' .
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-claw;
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-'Beatlng Works.
.Tj:: Golden. Gate av?. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard itel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutt*r St.;
tel. Main 3!)4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
- reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 283.-
C'UHES RTTfTUBE. .-'.-. ' v ¦
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder. $10; no
discomfort. 1200 Market st.; send for circular.
_ IJUSIXESS CHAXCES. _.
A— JS00;~PARTNER wanted in~ofhce of manu-
facturer's agent; a first-clata offer for good
man; $300 to be Invested in business; office
clears about ?2r>0 per month. Se-.; R. O.
"U 1LICE. 2CVi Kearny «t.
A— $700; BAKERY across the bay: established
>«=ars aud doing a flrst-class paying store
tradr; value in sight. All j^articulars R.
G. WILKE. 2<iH Kearny st.
A— *«>0; YOUNG and active man wanted to
run trill room in one of the finest barrooms
In this city; no rent to pay; references want-
ed. See R. G. W1LKK, 2(J^ Kearny st.
A — $1100; CORNER grocery and bar on choic-
est location at IJevitadero bt.; must be hold
et once, on account of death in family; lease;
rent $^7 M; a splendid and rare chance. See
R. G. WILKC. l'<;'-j Kearny st.
A— S2250; COHNKK saloon on Montgomery st.;
established many years; rent $S5; lease; a
good-paying place and well advertised. Call
It. G. WILKE. 20«i Kearny rt.
A — $21'<)0; ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse! Road-
house: With KI furnished rooms; rent ?-M>:
leate: « first-clavs payinR resort. See R. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny Et.
A— $S0O; CORNER saloon; rent ?20; a splendid
location In the Mission; place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKli
26^j Kearny st.
A— $500; SALOON, vicinity Third and Bran-
nan sts.; established years; rent $40. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A— $1500; SALOON in wholesale district; vi-
cinity of Sansome st. ; place established 20
years; doing a good business; rent $30. See
R. G. WILKE. 2OV4 Kearny et.
A — $3300; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of III health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 2GU. Kearny st.
A — $150: BARBER fhop: 3 chairs; best location
In the Mission; rent $15. See R. G. WILKE,
26 Kearny st.
A— $3000 HOTEL In San Rafael; 21 rooms, bar,
parior and dining-room; a well established
place; good furniture and a bargain. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2S»4 Kearny st.
A— $700; RESTAURANT opposite Golden Gato
Park; rent $25: good business; clearing about
J15<> per month. See R. G. WILKE. 2B»i
Kearny st.
A— $2500; SALOON: choicest location on Mar-
ket eC: low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
tures and a. first-class paying business. Call
R. G. Wy.KE, 2C^ Kearny st.
A — $250; BOTTLE beer route; well established.
See R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny St.
A — $2750; CORNER saloon on Market Et., In-
cluding 7 rocms; rent $100; return rents JSO; i
lease; a firtt-cia.«s location and well estab-
lished place. See R. G. WILKE, 2U«~i Kear-
ny st.
A — $C00; CHOPHOUSE.and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house: place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 20^5
.. Kearny st.
A— DRUGSTORE, drugstore, drugstore; price
S4r>00; established 27 years; lease 5 years;
rent $00; cne of the best paying stores in this
city: owner to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
SO'.j Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house: 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room, 37 beds,
good furniture; lease; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A— $2500; DAIRY depot and route; daily sales
&0 cans; S horses. 4 wagons, etc.; most pri-
vate customers; business Kept by owner 15
years; a good paying investment. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2C>4 Kearny st.
A— $2000: SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts. ; rent $150; lease; place estab-
liEh*-J years: first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20 y, Kearry st.
A— $^50; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
Eton- with 4 rooms; rent $'23; fine location;
good businees. See R. G. WILKE, 20Vi
Kearny st. 41
A— $375 cigar stand, transfer corner; rent $23;
good paying place. R. G. Wilke. 2«Vi Kearny
$3500 — SALOON, near Market; dcing fine busi-
ness; reasonable rent; long leaso right party.
BERG-ARMSTRONG. 3IS Kearny tt.
A NEAT up-to-date grocery and bar; thickly
fesldence district; fine business; 4 furnished
Ivlng rooms; must be seen to be appreciated.
BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 318 Kearny._
MORTGAGE of $072 oa rare furniture: insured
for SluOO; interest 2 per cent per mo. ; wojii
to sell mtg. Cere- Armstrong Co.. 31>S Kearny.
FINE business property; prosperous mlnin?,
farming, lumber town; 2-story building; C
furniEhed rooms; store and stock: snap fcr
little money; paying 5 per cent per mo.
UHRG, ARMSTRONG &. CO., 318 Kearny rt.
ELEGANT saloon: wholesale district: promi-
nent traffic street; rent with lease only $100;
sublets for $.%0; fine fixtures and stock.
BERG. ARMSTRONG &.CO.. -18 Kearny ft.
$1000— DELICATESSEN, grocery, candy, no-
tion store: everything nearly new; cheap
rent: lease; must be sold; bargain. BEItO,
ARMSTRONG & CO.. 318 Kearny st.
$300— 50 ROOMS; 40 rooms furnished; rent $.50;
Exclusively Bprg. Armstrong Co.,:;iS Kearny.
PACIFIC Real Estate Co.. 1015 Market st.
t?**i; ccuntry hotel and bar; Investlpate.
J473; corner saloon; do gord business.
$22>*>; lodging-house, near Market st.
Restaurant; clearing $50 weekly: now furni-
ture; new range; act quickly; only $000.
J83: cigar storf ; at corner saloon.
$1200; elegantly furnished fiat; Van Ness ave.
FOR eale — First-class cloak and suit depart-
ment in the bent locality in this city; w<>1!
established and a ffood-payin:? business; can
be bought for-$C00O o r to pay $*000 to cne
party and the other party, an experienced
man and ladies' tailor, will remain as part-
ner. Box 2111. Call.
FOR sale — A bargain; a grocery store and sa-'
loon, 4 miles out of town; doing a Ian?"
business; must be sold Immediately on ac-
count of slcknes:;; stock carried about $3(M>O.
Fcr further particulars address C. P. AN-
DERSON, San Jcpe, ,Cal.
BARGAIN— $300: icecream, confectionary, ba-
kery and stationery store, gotxi for younj»
couple: 2 nice living rooms; part of house-
hold goods; rent $12; sickness cause of r«>Il-
ine; investigate. AUdrtss box 1211, Call
office. Oakland.
A $r.«X> MILLINERY business wanting lady
pHrtnrr with $2000; experienced i&Ullner to
take full .charge; stock invoice $4Wi>; receipt."
$15,000 yearly; country. KREDO & CO., 7U3
Market st.
JG.V> SECURES >4 Interest in fine paying mm-
mi?fclon business clearing $150 monthly to
each; references exchanged: experience un-
necessary, but must be sober and reliable.
Particulars, 1007>/4 Market St., room 1.
Al MILLINERY business In a thriving town.
50 miles from S. F.: population 2.~.1O; poo.I
st^rk and fixtures; will Invoice at $12.V); will
sell fcr $0fiO; sickness cause of palp. Inquire
of R. L. TOPLITZ & CO.. 510 Market st.
FOR sale — On account of Illness of proprietor,
a complete dental parlor, in a first-class lo-
cution and with a good business. Inquire
room 21. Crocker building, H. E. MICHAEL
or 402 Third st., Blake's drug store.
MONEY wanted — Wonted, party to Invest $0000
cr $8000 in an established manufacturing
stock food business; money required to handle
Increase of business; good profits. For par-
ticulars, address box 2073. Call office.
A SMALL general merchandise store In a town
of 700 population; sales average about $1500
per month: will rell reasonable, as It Is
necessary for the owner to leave. Address
for particulars, box 023, Call office.
PARTNER wanted In a weil-establiehed whole-
sale business: only small capital required^ as
we buy for cash and sell fcr carti and carry
\ery little stock on hand; profits are very
large. Address box 737. Call office.
FOR PALE — Coffee, tea and spice route over
18 years' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particular* in-
quire at 110 Front st.. between 11 a. m.
and 1 p. m.
STODDARD'S celebrated specialty drug «tore
to be sold at a bargain on account of death
tn family: fine living rooms for a doctor;
two s^le entrances; rent $C5. 108 Turk »t.
BAKERY In Oakland dclng $70 cash business
per day; $1000; part cash and will take bal-
ance out in trade. Address box 1210, Call
office, Oakland.
WANTED — Partner for large water front
saloon; German or Dane; (2250; lease; no
agents: references wanted; full investigation
Box 2575. Call.
WANTED— Han with $150 to help do assess-
ment work on jrold mining claims near big *
etrike for half Interest In same. Prospector,
box 211S. Call offlc*.
DELICATESSEN and lunchroom; good trade
and fine location for meals; rent $20. Call
at 4H> Ninth st.
$500— RESTAURANT: on Third St.; good buisl-
ness; low rent; seating capacity, 70 persons.
Box 2131. Call office. »'"*.•• *"=
GROCERY and bar for sale In splendid loca-
tion south of Market st. Address box CCS
Call office.
A FURNISHED hotel to lease In a I thriving
town in Marln County. Box 6S3. Call office,
FOR sale — Delicatessen store; good paying
business; owner must leave city. ; 2057 24th.
T™^§fGr\LL
JOllX D. SIMtEClvKLS .... Proprietor
A.:i:..-> Communications to »
%V. J. MARTIN" Business Manager
T_X DOLLAKS KEWAliD.
Notify The Call Office « You Miss
Your I*a;u?r.
It tcr any cause THE CALL Is not de-
livered rer—arly to «rabscriber» please
call up "CAM EZC_VSaE" and notify
Subscription Clerk ia charffe. Tour com-
plaint will receive prompt atteatioa.
A standiaar reward of Tea Dollar*
CS10.00) i« offered for the arre«t and
conTictlon »f aay oao caajrht •tealias'
THE CAZ^Za.
TELEPHONE.
Aik for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Ycu With the Department You v\ ish.
Publication Office Market and Third, S. F.
tiitoruU Rooms 217 to :£1 Stevenson et.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ct». Per Week. 75
Ct*. Per Month. Single Copies 5 cta L r .
1tiaz» by Mall. Including Postage (Cash Wltn
OTd eT "J : i ... ~%
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday), 1 year...$S.OO
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday), tt mos.,. 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Mocth •»<•
SUNDAY CALL, 1 Year -^
1 £ar .^ ;|~.
ESSPG*. 1 Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. iw^kly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTEKS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Bairple Copies will be forwarded Tihen re-
quested.
_a'.l subscribers in ordering change of_ ad-
dress should be particular to give both M.« <
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
Xrrmpt and correct compliance with their re-
QUCCU : .
OAKLAND OFFICE: '
1018 BroafiT.-ay Telephone Main 108..
BERKELEY OrKICE:
2148 Center fctreet Telephone North Jl
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL \V. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentaco. 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
tsue Hctei and HcfTtf-.an House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House- P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hctel: Tremcnt House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO P.EPP.ESENTATIVE: >
C. GEOKGE KROGNK^.-MarQuette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPIIEN B. SMITH 'M Tribune Building
NEW TOKK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON. Hrrald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, ccrr.er Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JV* Market ttrtet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. n,
C2~ Montjromery street, corner Clay; open
until 9:30 x>. m.
2<V' Hayes Etreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
€"'.» McAllister Ftrcet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C13 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
VMl Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
£2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 r. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1C9«3 Valencia stxf-et; open «int!l 3 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 5 P. m. ' —
Ncrthwcst corr.er of Tn-<?ity-setonrt and Ken-
tucky streets; o;»en until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillrr.ore street; open until 9 p. m.
to suBscaiBi:ns leaving town
FOK Tilt: SUMMER.
CALX, •¦abscriters coatemplatla? a
change cf residence dcrlag 1 the summer
months caa have their paper 'or— arded
ty mail to their ae~ address by aotlfy-
ia? Tax CALL Eusiaess O_ ce. This
paper wi_ also be oa sale at all summer
resorts aad Is represeated "bj a local
ageat la all towas ca the coast.
MEBTIXG XOTI CHS.
CALIFORNIA Comma n<>ry No. 1. K. ,_£_
T.— Special assemblies THIS AFTER- *&&
NOON at 2 o'clock and THIS EVES- *J
ING at 7:30. Order of Temple. All W
fraters courteously Invitc-d.
CHARLES M. PLUM. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Chapter Nc 5. R. A »
M.. will meet THIS DAY at 2>f\f
o'clock and also at 7:30 o'clock p. m. />r\
ii. A. deerf-e. p.y order of the H. P.
* FRAXKL— < H- DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE L<:d*e No. S<>. F. and! e
A. M— Called meetici? THIS <SAT- VV
XRDAY) EVENING at 7:.T<» o'clock /SA
Kirfct decree. Hy order of AV M
; EDWnc L. MEYER, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Deere* Lodg* Vo ...
1 I. O. O. F.— nearular — »*Mrt ¦$gS£Ek*2fc.
THIS 'SATURDAY) EVENING 3^$*§S*S
First decree. " " i^»^S^
WM. B. CURTIS. D. St.
MEMBERS of Mission Rebekah .-ssST"*^.
l^jdije. No. 225, are requested to -%JqlK&.
assemble at the Golden <;ht»- Cn- tSBzb!*?'*!
dertakin^ Chapel, 2483 Mission
rt., on SUNDAY AFTERNOON. June 12. at
2 o'clock, to atu-r.d the funeral of our late
eister. ANNIE THOMSON.
LULU 1'ERRY. Noble Grand Pro Tern.
EMMA IRELAND. Recording Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having
received application to mine by hydraulto
process from George E. WfEgoner and David
Upton In Telegraph mine, at Indf»n Die-
rings. El Dorado County, Cal.. draining Into
Indian DiMrinps Crerk. which reaches Co-
fmnes River, pive* notice that meeting will
, be held at room »<?. Flood building San
Francisco. Cal.. June 20, 1M1. at l-.ao p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tho Weekly Call,
16 pac^s. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year!
ATTOR\EYS-AT-LA\\\ +
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for smaTTTeT
Ste me srd save money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
EFtablishrd 22 yrs.; rm«. 1. 2. a. 4 & 5. ]»t fl.
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor".
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed!
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. ExamT bldg..
Cth floor; entrance room 611; established 15
years; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice; no fe» in advance or for consultation-
evening* by appointment. Tel. Red S6C1.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 ElUsEt.. 15
yrs. practice, refs. from many thousands of
EcldW-rs, eailors. widows and orphans on Pa-
clflc Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12:~qulck7~qui7t7~advlce
free; all law business: no charse unless huc-
censful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce cosU $12: no fees or
costs in advance; all law business- office
oten Saturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r. 33.
DIVORCE law a «pedalty; no pubTiciTvTadTice
free; costs <12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 21P9, S.F.
L. 15. CLARK. 027 Market st; consultation
jfrfe; r.o fees in advance; open evenings.
APTOMOBriiE8.
AUTOMOEILES-LIvery. car'agTTnd salrs.
bought and eold; will buy ot sell second-
hand machines. See ua before you do any-
thing with your machine. Phone South 7C?»
l'gclflc States Automobile Co.. 217 Ellis «C
WANTED— To buy an automobile tn fim-cTan.
order: net over $500. Address fflvinr de-
scrtptlon of machine, box S71. Call office.
WHITE Stanhope Autcmoblle for salt Box
FO3t *±'.e — Automobile (steam). Box 633. Call
o f fle*
ASTHMA REMEDY.
A Di Nol»'s Asthma Remedy relieves Instant.
ly: 10c. 25c 60c 1CC2 Market. St. Nicholas.
BO_Anpi\G FOIt CHILDREJf.
WANTED — By an experienced woman, art ln-
fant to board. Inquire 212 Seventh st.
FRENCH bearding for chlidreaT MRS.
OUNTZ. CC3 Pine rt.
COTTACJES TO LET.
f 17 — 5-nOOM cottage, on Cottage row, near
Webster, b^t. gutter and Bush. Inquire 7.
6CKNV cottage; 5 rooms; basement: yard. 137
l>olores tt.. near Fifteenth.
COTTAGES-FUEKISHED-TCB SALE.
CHEAP furnished cottage, 5 room*. 2 "White
slace, oS Jcces ct., bet. Eutter and Bash.
DRESSMAKERS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Mil!In»ry School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. d__ 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art's buttcn & buttonhole factory. UttTaytaa
~~~~ EDIX'ATIO.VVL.
AT home in our new unarters. the largest, best
lighted and most deiishtful i>!ace ot business
study in the entire- West. X:#, complete.
extensive departments. Thorunsh. inspiring
instruction. 70- page catalogue un request
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGL, Wl-
¦ ir_'5 Golden Gate ave.
A BXGOEB school than ev«r. On June 1 w)
movi-d to new fireproof bullion*. 7.W Ml— ten
ft., between Third and 1*00X13: mure si>ace:
flner rooms: belter HshJ: nnrst in the West;
c.w antl see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLE< «t
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances ar.d j>:-eurcs more er.yaj?e-
menU fcr students than all other Western
" schools; special summer cuurv. 414 Mi. • n.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLKGE. 21 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; <lay
and light sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A — CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1433 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, 'typing, bookkeeping: IS mo.
AYRES the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket tt. ; established 13 years: special discount
during menth of June: catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Minis & Electricity.2t Post
st . S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCI4JG — Adults, Men. and Prl. evga; Jnve-
nilea, Sat. 2 to 5; priv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerraro.
ENGINEERING — Civil. «l«c.. min., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. : est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A PROFESSOR of Spanish and French lan-
guages will nlve lessors at home or in fam-
ily; write. LAURENT CASO3. 507 Pln« tn.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand, etc.. $4
mo. Western Business College. 1107 Market.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per' mo.:
mandolin club, $1 per mo. 82S Halght st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — ORPHEUM Employment OfJlce^ — Japanrs#-
Chlnese help. 420 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chines* Employment Of-
fice; all kincla help. 315 Stockton; Main 514*.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 0*0 CUy.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— F-MALB.
BY a reliable woman with a boy 8 years, to
do housework In a small family; no objec-
tions to the country. 31 L&fayetts st., ba-
tween Eleventh and Twelfth, Howard and
Mission, rear.
A YOUNG woman wishes washing and bous*
cleaning by the day; wages $1 50 day. Ap-
ply 17! a Welsh st., off Fourth, between Bry-
ant and Brannaa.
WOMAN wishes to travel with family and
take care of children or wait on an invalid.
410 Franklin st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants washing. Iron-
ing and boutte cleaning: not afraid of work;
>1 50 day. Box 2194. Call office.
WOMAN wishes place for p!ain cooking; would
assist with housework. 410 Franklls si
WANTED — Cy young girl, position la a c«iy
store. Apply 1531 Church st. •
A GERMAN woman would like to do Ironing
In hotel. 1 Burcham place, off Leavenworth.
A REFINED young woman with two months'
vacation would like to go to the country
with a respectable faintly as companion, or
take care of a child. Addrees D. R., Fruit-
vale P. O.
YOUNG lady with exceptional ability as stenog-
rapher, typewriter and bookkeeper wishes
position; wages not lesa than $-5 per month.
Box 2110. Call.
A MIDDI.E-AGED German woman, with girl
10. wishes situation as cook cr working
housekeeper in vicinity of school; city or
ccuntry; wages $25. Box 2117. Ca!! office.
A LADY would like to accompany family t»
New Zoa'ard; care for children cr be of
general assfstanfe; does not become seajick.
Address box 2353. Call office.
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer wltli
knowledge of bookkeeping:, desires a posi-
ticn as office as.»tita it. U"x 20S2. Call.
ADVERTISKMENTS. subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions take>n for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. V£ McAllister st.
KJIl'LOVJlEVr-WA.VrKD MAL13.
WANTED — Exclusive agency for firs insur-
ance company net represented in Los An-
geles: responsible: highest references, ex-
perience. M. G. LOENNECKEK, 720 East
Twenty-seventh St., Los Angeles. Cal,
X RELIABLE young man desires position as
stenographer and office clerk: haa knowledg«
of bookkeeping: 2' years' experience; Al ref-
erences. Box 2114. Call office.
DRUG clerk, young man, 7 years" experience
In this city, wants position. Address Phar-
macist, box 821, Call ofilce.
A GOOD upholsterer and carpet layer will
work by the day or piece; phone Folsom 133.
229 Eleventh st.. city.
YOUNG man with 3 years' experience In dry
goods house wishes position; can furnish best
references. Box 2170, Call.
AN experienced barber shop porter (colored)
wishes position in first-class shop; also
woman wishes day's work. 1022 Jackson st.
NON-UNION carpenter wants Job; can fill any
position In* trade; in town or country: wages
reasonable. Box 2190. Call. Oakland. Cal.
SITUATION wanted u porter. H. L, 1433
Dupont st.
STRONG young man wants work aa carpenter
helper or any kind of work. Box 2173. Call.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Boat
2193. Call office. - .
MECHANICAL draughtsman — Mechanic hav-
ing completed mechanical drawing course and
well advanced tn complete mechanical, wishes
wcrk as assistant, tracing or de_ils. Ad-
dress 112S Tennessee st.
CARPENTER, cabinet-maker, thoroughly ex-
perienced, good workman, steady, also good
draughtsman, make estimates, wants work;
$3 a day. Box 2130, Call.
A YOUNG colored man would like a place ia
private family as coachman or would Ilka »
place as Janitor: ran give the beat of refer-
ences. Box 2C07. CalL
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation' as clerk In grocery stora and bar-
room; first-class references. W. BOHLXNO.
417 Kearny st.
YOUNG man of good address wishes position
of any kind; good driver; understands horses
and care of automobile: Al references front
last employer and others. Box 2075, Call.
A RELIABT.E younar man destres) position as
stenographer and office clerk: has knowledgs
of bookkeeping: 2 years' experience; Al ref-
erx-nres. Box 2114. Call office.
ENGINEER wishes steady position runnln*
dynamo, repairing; all round mechanic; good
references. Address 316 Langton st. ,
MAN. 26. speaks German. French. Hungarian.
Servian (Croatian). Slavish and English.
wants position of any kind. Bos 2130. Call.
NURSE, male, requires invalid or mental
cases; town or country; first-class references;
thoroughly reliable. W. W., 12:53 Market.
SITUATION as foreman in a brtek yardThav*
burnt with coal, wood and oil; good refer-
er.ces. J. A. LANCK, San Jose, Cal.
POSITION wanted ns man about place; reli-
able. conscUntlcus. handy: experienced 1^
stock and poultry: references. Box 2116, Call.
GARDENER fDane> wants situation: best of
references. Address Fred Thomsen. San Mateo
Painter, paper-hanger, slgnwriter. wants work;
tools furn. 127S Folsom St.; phone Mint l:tl.
FIRST-class Chinese cook would like a situa-
tlon In boarding house. 1110 Stockton it.
FPKMTt'KE FOR SALE.
ANDERSON Auction House at 10 Turk st.. nr.
Market, for furniture and everything for the
house at lowest prices.
YOU .can buy $73 worth of furniture fnr $7 M
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 310 Post st.. near Powell.^
FURNITURE of 7 rooitjs for sale cheap; rent
»TJ. 157 Ninth st.
FURNITURE, stoves bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 4-H> Valencia. nr.iqh.Tel.Church vSTJ
CHEAPEST place in city for second-hand tCT-
_ nlture. PSij Geary st. Tel. Pol* 1 177.
Ft'RMTURK WASTED.
¦ A HE LEVY. '
Salesroom. 1105 Market st. Tel. Jessie 751.
Dun't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY 4b CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S3 Mission; tel. Btt» ***
CLAIItVOYAXTS Continued.
Mrs. A. H.Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader:when others fall try me.good readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln4207.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. «is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader slt-
tlngs. dally. 448^ Jessie st.. bet. 5th and fth.
™ _^0^X|ECTlOH_Or— ICES.
iBAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. Main &5S0.
C_O~~I~Q BE~O~ATUTa.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, fl; scouring and
. dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st., room 14-
V phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free*
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone—^amToMbreaiT-
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, £S 50; fillings 50c'
plates. $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2i Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventn'
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; eld plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentUt.r.H.lst
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell
Paris Dental Parlors, 2.T5 Kearny cor tiiuh
Set teeth. $1 50 up;' crowns^ up; "iHiSffsT
FREE examination wlt»j chart at thl v7H7
York Dentists. 1)60 Mission si. g E . SSr. iith.
GOLD nlllnga. 7."*; sliver 35c- crowns S-- mi
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O. RHew°u"^t s'uttr?
CH -fn P f| T J l^ d be " t ln Atnerica-Th. Weekly
¦awsta^^^,^- ii -•
Ct,A 1 IIVilY A XTS Conffnnfrt.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings "and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you, are io trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs nt life; -5c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 45&).
FOR a genuine life reading visit the Romany
Gypsies, the original and best fortune tellers
In the world: palmists, clairvoyants, card
reader", mediums; two camps. 145 Powell
st. and 2S5 Geary st.
A— Miss M. WUle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for, without asking a ques-
tion: names given: special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
MRS." DR. MARTIN, clairvoyant, business me-
dium; advice on mining & invest.: devel.cir.
Thurs., 8, 020 O'Farrell; tel, Hyde 1767.
A — Jimp. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given ;25c up. 835 Howard. bet.4th45th.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leav#s; 25c up. Lower, flat, 220 Eddy.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26% Kearny. rm. 20; ladles 25c. gents 50c.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm. ;
names; L-'BOc; G. Jt. 714 Fraoklln.nr.a.G.ave.
MISS -WARD, clairvoyant, gives • names, dates
and facts; readings dally. .017 Market st.
MKS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. 23V4
Sixth at.; ladies 25c; genta 50c. ,
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress,.win
return from her vacation July 1, __
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,
Clairvoyant, trnnae. busineos medium and life
reader. 1206 Market at.. Gait Houge.
PRO"*. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
glate-wrlter. 1112 Eddy 8t. ; phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~
ASSURED succcra for you.
•' Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
*i $i «i n fi ii u ii
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL. DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honeet proposition.
' (You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby. solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If
huvband, wife or lover Is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire; "In fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself;, his advice is reliable; hft
powers are wonderful and indisputable; he Im-
proves your ¦ character so that you . will reach
the highest possible development in mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth: the controlling power Implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures; gives you success
In life; he guarantees you. success or charges
nothing. for. his services.
10 a. m. to S p. ni. — Closed Sunday. ' ,
:•.; • v 32B O'Farrell Bt.— 326. . r£
MME.PORTER.celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card ' reader, born with a double veil and sec-
\ond sight, -tells past," present and future; 1.
- GOc, g. by cards $1: palmistry and clairvoyant
elt., Jl 60. ' 390 O'Farrell st., near Mason.
FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS
....IN NEXT SUNDAYS' CALL..>.
• : — — NEW' AND USEFUL-
...THF ,' PERFECT CAN 0PENER7
(THE LATEST AND BEST ON THE MARKET.) Patent Applied For.
— e __e_c_____e_^H— — . . . _ . 1 ¦ 1 11 _ ... . l . . _ ' ' -1, _ . 1 n— — — ___^-_asa_ss~i
No More Cut Fir_^ers
(CAN OPENED ON TOP.) ] (CAN OPEN FROM SIDE.)
1&^|^ P C O 'C'C (^ Hp j
&JPS^3$y •"* A TL T f~\ T"^ T^ lk.1 Y** T^ i
r^TW V-* l\ 1^1 \J 1 La IN J-l JX IMPOSSIBLE TO :
SS£ S papS • CUT Y0URSELF j
Adjustable to Cut Any Size Can. Leaves No Jagged Edges. ]
Cuts Either Top or Side of Can. Simple to Operate. Cannot Break. . ;
Requires No Sharpening. c ' All forking Parts Made From Tempered Tool SteeK |
TO OPEN CAN ON TOP. Force point of bar into center of top of nnsealed or smooth end of can. j
Bend over until the bar is parallel with the top of can. Set point of lower blade on top of can at whatever j
distance from edge the opening is desired. Press down handle until blade penetrates the tin,. Then pull <
gently toward you, holding the can tightly in the other hand. (To get best result hold can by top). .
TO OPEN CAN FROM SIDE. Remove label from can. Force point into exact center of top. Bend <
over until bar rests on edpfe. of can. Set point of cutting blade against side of can. always at left of side ,
seam, with lever perpendicular. Press down on lever, which will force side blade into can. Hold can tiffhtlv ,
by top with other hand and cut same as when cutting top. In cutting top off always let bottom of bar rest ;
and run evenly around edge of can to insure even, regular cut. If the side blade comes out while cutting, or ;
cuts in too far and stops, it is because you have not inserted point of bar in exact center of can. In this case <
throw up lever, readjust blade and continue cutting until blade reaches opposite side of seam, when top can ,
be lifted or broken off altogether. Do not be afraid to grasp can firmly by the top. ',
THIQ WAY ' >JrtT THIS WAY -'
j 1 Hid tt j\ 1 . i^i \J *ia»«%J »»*m« 1
You cannot cut yoursclx. . • / 1
A TT\ /"YryCK.T CHTTADC /"" A TU 1 ',
( ' ' J Insert point of bar in each end of can and cut two half L____J
VJttlMWJifl *s circles like cut. , ___ _ , ;
SUPERIOR MFG. CO., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. X
Retailers wishing to purchase the Perfect Can Opener can do so through the job- !
bers throughout the United States. \
This Premium will be given to Want Advertisers Thursday, Friday and until H
p. m. Saturday; after that hour offer will be closed. The premium can onlly be se- ;
cured by inserting a Want Ad. in next Sunday's Call. i?/M: \
Tell, your WANTS in next Sunday's CALL, and you will be speaking direct to ;
over 85(000 regular subscribers of that popular and valuable advertising medium. It is
safe to figure on an average of three readers to every Sunday CALL issued, so you
are really talking to 255,000 • persons, most of whom are home people, consequently a
well-to-do and desirable class of our community to consider in locating your wants and t 1
advertising your wares. ;
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at: • |
BUSINESS OFFICK of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o.'clock every night in the year.
x BRANCH OFFICES: \
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
627 Montgomery Btreet. corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. 1 ]
300 Ilnyrs street; open until 3:30 p. re. ¦ ¦
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. _. I
615 Larkin street; open until 0:30 p. m. ',
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. ni. ¦
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; op«n until 1p.m. ;
IOC Bleventh street; open until 9 p. m. j
' II 1096 Val«ncia atre*-t; open until 9 p.m. ¦ «¦ ' >m
n Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. tn. I J \
\2 Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 FlUmore street; open until 9 p. _. ;
OAKLAND OFFICES: '
101C Broadway .• Telephone Main 10H3 !
I BERKELEY OFFICE: . ' *
{ 214S Center 8tre«t /. Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schnelder'B Book Store Parlc Street ;THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY/ JUNE 11, 1904.
13
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— 8-room modern house; north of
Pine St., west of Van Ness ave., from July
or later; responsible tenant. 'Address box
2102. Call office. . r - ¦
" INVEST3IBNTS.
GOOD Investment — A limited number of shares
at 25c per share; this stock will be worth
one dollar ($1) per share witnin a year; call
or write Osceola Mining and Development
Company. 414 Crossley building. S. F. .
~~ LOST AND FOUND. ~
LOST — Small black 'cocker spaniel dog; short
legs, long hair and ears; link collar and
license tair: liberal reward. Return to '1987
Ellis or 135 Montgomery. . .
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of JAMES CARTER, No. 272-851. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Between Montgomery st and Spreckels
Market, a diamond pin with small star pend-
ant; liberal reward. 227 Clipper st. ;¦
_Atnf CHE8 rOB _O_UB.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
i St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Michaells Launch Co..Union-st. Wharf; boat-
lng A-pxourslonB. 5 Steuart St.; tel. John 2B88.
MEDICAL. ~
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods j
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex- )
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD- I
VICE FREE; 17 years'- experience In all fe- 5
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
TtG. Market st., rcoma 7 and 8. ¦
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and*MrreguIaritles; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
nrale troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOS^ Market gt., opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st.
SPECIALIST for women; DR. R. H. WES-
TON,- office 305 Kearny St.; hours, 10-4, 7-S:
consult a graduate physician; It pays; Irregu-
larltlea relieved; safe, sure and ¦ confidential.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, above Van Ness — Ex-
pert in obstetrics, female complaints; lpst.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yrs.ex.
MRS. D. ALLENi.1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before "and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premise*". Is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth st., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER, 219 Kearny st.
LADIES — Kumround ; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gieason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
•MINES AND MINING
MINING engineer, 20 years* experience, 7 in
Mexico, with highest credentials as to ability
and successful operation .of gome of the larg-
est Mexican mineB, best c%y references as a
man and miner, wishes to communicate with
parties who will send him to Mexico for the
purpose of inspecting and bonding mines; is
thoroughly conversant with the country and
people. Box 21SS, Call..
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont gt.
STANDARD oil' rig, fullr equipped, and 1600
feet of casing. 11% In. to "% in.; also 1500
feet of 8 and 6 Inch drive pipe. Apply 'for
particulars GAFFEY & MAHON, 505 Call-
forn la st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? «
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting 'or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR sale, cheap for caah, H. & EL transit and
level combined hlghpower telecufcie; original
cost $25S; also 18-inch Y level. Call or ad-
dress CHARLES H. HOLCOMB. City Engi-
neer's office. City Hall.
. FOR SALE. .
Ten-horse power engine and boiler In good
condition, price $100.
E. BISHOP.
466 Tenth st., Oakland.
I 2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought sold,
, rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 180-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
reefs with jfsbostots Roof Paint; guaranteed
to step all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front st.; tel Main 1428.
A — FINE suits, $7 60; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st.,
1 near Bush: open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. W r HITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
A— 60 BARRELS of bonded whisky for sale;
small or large lots. United Loan and Trust
Co., 21 Stockton st.
H. B. Smith ' mortice heavy Fay gig saw, 5 spin-
dle burring machine, heavy; 10 spindle bur-
ring machine. BerkeleyPlanlngMIU. Berkeley.
FOR . SALE*— Good second-band wharf plank,
$6 50 per M. LEROY BRUNDAGE. 2021
Seventeenth st.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
, Stockton st. _1_
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.; 21 Etockton st. *¦
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton at.,
upstairs. »
ALTERATION sale— Best , *2 50 hats, $1 B0.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St., near
Pine; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 60: we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dla-
monds bought: send poital: will call. New
Municipal Loan Office, 61" Washington st.
A BARGAIN: 7-Inch three-tone steam siren;
good as new. Box 2072. Call office.
FOR SHle.. cheap — Carpenter's and plumber's
tools, floor trucks and tracks. 953 Howard at.
Desk sale this week only, 2Q per cent ofT regu-
lar prices. Richardson Bros., 1816 Market Bt.
BEST white Vead 7c per oound: to painters
less. BUTCHER. 741 MlKflon st.
FOR sale— Elegant 60-llght electric bath cabl-
net reasonable. Electric Works, 227 Ellis st.
AWNINGS) tents.new.second-hand. SUN TENT
& AWNINQ CO.. 42 Spear st.: tel. John 648U.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING Co.,35 Mkt.Tel.Bush 858.
PIGEONS— All th« leading varletlfB; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vols. KING'S. Cl McAllister St., nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Baclgalupl
! moved to 7S« Mission st.
I ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap: some
new; 16x16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., J10 Montg'y.
BARGAINS In flne diamonds and watches;
• easy payments. GARIN, 803 Hay ward bldg.
SAFES and carh registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market- it.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p., cheap. E. B. Beck _ Co., 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand^ THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic. lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO., 122 Market St.
GASOLINE engines.' automobiles and launches;
all sizes. -J.E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dla-
. monds. gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
poBtal' card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st. . \ i • : . •'
WANTKD — To buy Second-hand waffle Irons
for wacon. ; Box 2070, Call office. > *
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' and
, gents' .castoff clothing; postal. 843 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel
Davis S25:,6.">0 Sacramento st.
TILTON .wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrlealKoods.-'154 fith st.; tel. Jessie 2351.
DESKS bought/sold and exchanged. T.~ D.'
, McCarthy Co., 782 Mission; phone Bush 467.
SHOES wanted; misfit & castoff : highest prcs. ;
new and 2d-hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission st.
i ¦-¦ =-• •.-."r , ; ¦ ¦¦¦< '¦• \
TfF.Ll' WANTED — HALE — Onntlntnfd. I
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. Employment Agency
420 Bush St.. <J42 Clay at.
: Tunnelmen, good drillers, %2 50-$2 70.
Free fare; board $4 50.
FOR NEVADA, 8 hours. Government work,
Teapsters, laborers; tare $7 50;-$2-$2 25.
CLARK'S ROAD, Southern California,
Team&ters, fare $4 (SO, $2 day.
"FOR FLORENCE, ARIZONA.
¦ Laborers, teamsters, hammermen, $2-$2 50,
Fare $11 01. .
Married assistant superintendent for stock
and grain ranch; wife to cook for 10 men;
ranch hands, $33 found; 5 -teamsters, $1 *3
loun.l; farmer to do blacksmlthlng, $1 50
found; butter-makers and milkers, $3O-$4O;
blacksmith, $50 fd.
Cooks, waiters, elevator boys, porters, dish
and pot washers, city and country.
C. R HANSEN & CO., Employment Office.
420 Bush St., <?42 Clay st.
WANTED — 2 men with references and good ad-
dress • new proposition ; on salary. Apply
' W W. LYON, room 04, Macdonough build-
Ing. Oakland, Saturday. 8 to 12 m.
WANTED — Bartender (union) for water front;
references; $40 and found; German or Dane.
Box S01. Call.
BARBER shop: 3 chairs, bath, bootblack
ctand; In lively town; money-maker; flne
location. BoXyS. PlacervlUe.
GOOD sober barber for Saturday and Sunday
, work. CIS Hayes st. • .
BARBER for to-day; 10c shop. 803 Kearny
street. -
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
1345 Mission st.
| BARBER wanted at 2120 Shattuck ave.,
\ Berkeley. Cal.
BARBER for Saturday night and Sunday.
1357 Dupont st. ' <
BARBER . wanted. \ Crossley^ building, sixth
floor. New Montgomery Et., near Mission.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 21 East.
BARBER wanted. for Saturday and Sunday. \
39 y% Turk St.; $6.
BARBER — Union man; Saturday and Sunday.
137H Fifth st. ' _¦
W^ANTED^-Good barber for Saturday after-
noon and 8unday. 237% Fifth st.
WANTED— A good barber for Saturday and
Sunday at 644 Clay at. '
WANTED — A good barber. Apply at 763 Mls-
»lon et. ,
GOOD barber for Saturday- and Sunday. 623
v Clay st. \ - ,
CARRIAGE woodworkers wanted at O'Brien
& Son's, Polk Bt. and Golden Gate ave.
GROCERY man as stock clerk who under-
stands the business. 1S43 Polk nt.. city.
BOY wanted, about 18; housework; generally
useful. 314 Scott _s_
WANTED — A young man to open oyeters ana
help to wait on table. 41^Pine_st.
BARBERS— f-lfiO buys ' shop clearing $28 a
.week. 3147 Twenty-fourth st.
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required; positions secured: con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalomie mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Three first-class carriage black-
cmiths and three first-class ' body makers;
good wages and~ steady employment to right
parties. ADDly A. MEISTER & BONS CO..
Sacramento. Cal. '
WANTED — Educated gentleman who has good
knowledge of cyclopedian; $1200 per year;
references required.
University Society, box 2109. Call,
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third Bt. : 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night,
EXCELLENT opening for hustling solicitors;
fteaJy and good paying positions. Apply 850
Market Bt.. rooms 43 and 44.
STRONG boy for general work about small
farm; wages $15. Address box 104, San Ra-
fael. Ca___
WANTED — 10 men; must have some experi-
ence In tearing down buildings. .^Cal. House
Wrecking Co., NW. cor. Mission and 10th sts.
MEN and we men wanted to learn the barber
trade, free of charge. Glllett College of
Barbers. 647 Commercial st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 an4
$1 SO pair; foot-form shoes at $3 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
WANTED — Young man not over 21 for gro-
cery business. 1601 st.
WANTED — All round machinist. Box 164,
Naya. Cal.
WANTED — A good, steady shoemaker at store.
3004 Mission st.
BOY wanted to run errands. Sunset Bazaar.
42 Third et.
BARBERS — 2-chalr outfit; bargain: nothing
for good will. 1947 Broadway. Oakland.
NEAT- APPEARING, energetic roan of good
address. Apply 121 Geary st., room 629.
WANTED — A first-class stlckerman. Palo
Alto Planing Co.. Palo Alto. Cal.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy. r. 415.
A profitable outing: pick hops In August. Write
E.CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Battcryst..S.F.
YOUNG man to learn barber - trade: wages
while learning. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and young man (green' hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
Pension Atty., E. A. BulUs, r.40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart Ft.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor.Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaxnd.half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission et., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOUSES AXD WAGONS.
FOR sale — Gentleman's driving team; bay;
l. r .""i hands high; have won numerous first
prizes In the East; are perfectly matched and
net afraid of cars or automobiles.
Also chestnut carriage -team; 16 hands high;
weight about 1200 lbs each; these may be
seen at the stables of Dr. I. B. Dalzlel, 605
Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Pacing mare, $175; 7 years old, very
fast: gentle In every respect; safe for wo-
man to drive; will go double. For particu-
lars address box 060. Call.
AUCTION sale jevery Tuesday: horses, wag-
ons, curreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 FoUotr. Bt. ¦ ¦
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
ground: near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus SubUs. 190 Stevenson, S. F.
FOR Bale — 5- year-old mare; well broken;
welghtyllOOr 1507 Mission.
FOR Bal£ — Bay raare. weight 100 pounds;
works single or double; $30. 1318 Grove Bt.
$3. r — HfOH buggy; cood condition. At
JOYCE'S stable. 721 Valencia st.
YOUNG, gentle horse, about 1300, well broke,
for sale. Grocery. Green and Larkin sts.
FOR sale — Horse, harness and double-seated
country buggy: $55. 1318 Grove Bt.
CAMP wagon for hire 1 . Apply 1421 Buchanan
street.
SECOND-HAND ramping wagtm. 843 Howard
street.
FOR sale — Two second-hand platform spring
wagons and one truck. 233 Beale st.
NEW and scsond-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1615 Market i»t.. opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surrey*, buggies, wagons, har- i
y ness, work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia, i
HOUSES TO LET.\
A — PRINTED fiat of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TO LET— Fine house and stable. 181 ~Thir3
teenth st. - ¦-"-.:¦
HOUSES FURNISHED FOIt SALES.
NICELY furnished house of 7 rooms, close In;
will sell reasonable. Tel. Polk 3S41.
HOUSES FOR SALK.
FOR sale — 5-room house; improvementsTloTM
xlOO feet; Sunset district; price $1300 Owner
box 20C0, Call ofUce. : - ™ . ? ¦'
l^ii!i_ l J*^ yVAVTB O— -M A LB-^-Con. £
A— MURRAY _ READY, Phone Maln~5S48.
U14-C.-JU Clay st. &S4S Phone Main.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
M(tt We Gave 1U04 We Hope to
••Ju.ikjo Men Work . Increase tw.000.
SPANISH. - GERMAN. FRENCH.
ITALIAN. SWl/s. GUEEK.
NEW— J_5*V— NEW.
ARIZONA. ARIZONA. ARIZONA.
* 10 0* 1104 MILES $10 04.
S050 MEN WANTED
/HLXDREDS GOING DAILY ARE YOU?
Ttam-Jters. Laborers. Hammersmen. Drillers.
I $2. §2 M. $3, $:; 50 Day.
FLORENC5E center or great mines. Arizona.
FHEE FARE— S HOURS DAY.
To State of NEVADA— NEVADA— NEVADA !
United States Government Work.
S335 drillers, team^ttra. laborers, rockmen, '
concrete- miners, tunneliren. $2. $2 CO, $3.
$3 f.O — (S hours>. overtime paid.
COST $1 FEE. THAT'S ALL. 2 years' work.
NORTH— FREE FAKE— KAKT— SOUTH.
Ih6 laborers no experience required, you'll
suit.
FREE TO-DAY— YOU GO FREE.
GREAT' LUMBER TRUSTS.
190 laborers, lumber companies - $^5 to $00 fd
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIES.
30 laborers, foremen for mines »>40 & $%0 fd. !
IS drillers, no fare to pay. »G7 50.
LABORERS TEAMSTERS.
96 scraper and sand wagon teamsters, $2 25
a day.
1CI laborers, all over California, some In
San Francisco, $2 and $i 50 a day.
30 laborers. 8 hours' work daily. THAT'S
ALL. $2 a day.
HAY AND HARVEST HANDS.
91 haymakers, all over State. $1 50 day fd.
SS harvest hands, sack sewers, pitchers, etc.,
$2 a day and found.
IS teamster*, extra good Jobs. $1 50 and $2
a day and found
DAIRYMEN, STABLEMEN.
04 milkers, txtra good Jobs, come, eee, $35,
$40 and found.
O butter- makers. 2 cheesemakera. $40, $50 fd.
' 19 stablemen "city and country Jobs, $75,
I ?00. $35 and found.
{ GARDEN KKS — CHOREMEN.
| 5 gardeners, private Jobs, boss here, $35,
i'>'j and found.
4S choremen and boys, different Jobs, $35,
$00. $25 and found.
16 HAY BALERS, 25c TON.
r.5 orchard and vineyard hands, permanent
jobs, $20 $30, $35 and found. v
MARRIED.
9 men and wives for farms, orchards,, vine-
yards, dairies, mines, etc., $40, "$50, $60,
$70 and found.
MECHANICAL.
Tinner, $3 day.
TRADESMEN.
6 .cash and door hands, lumber company, $3
to $3 50 day.
IS blacksmiths, different places, $3, $3 50
day. — -
0 carriage painters, $12 to $15 week.
Weavers ob blankets.
2 brick loaders, country, 25c M. •
Screw turners, edeerman. hook tenders.
Logger, understands rigging, L. Co., $60 fd.
12 thingle packers, cut-off sawyer.
Molder and sticker hand.
Carriage painter and sticker hand, $4 day.
Painter, carriage works, fare $1. $50 found.
12 coopers slack work, call very early.
WOODCHOPPERS.
li)6 woodchoppers, everywhere in the State.
Logger, Dolbeer logging donkey, $75 found.
18 cooks, springs; resorts, hotels, camps,
mines, ranches, saloons, etc., $70, $60. $50,
$40, $30, $25 found.
14 waiters, hotels, cafe3, etc.. $40, $35, $30,
$25 found.
2* dishwashers, see us, $35. $30. $20 found.
18 porters, bell and elevator boy*. $30. $25.
$20, $15 found.
LOOK.
4 boys, city factories $4 week, omnibus boys.
LAUNDRYMEN.
Laundryman. institution. $30 and found.
18 laundrymen, all-over California.
BAKERS.
Tallyman and yard clerk, lumber co., $75.
First, second, third, fourth hands, bakers.
Circular sawyer, file own saws, L. Co., $4 50
day.
Farmer and wife. Monterey Co., easy Job,
$50 and found. N
Carriage painter, brush hand, $2 day.
3 hostlers, city Jobs. $75.
Married farmer. f2 day.
Milker and wife, Colusa County, $50 found.
Tamale maker, country job.-
Oxen teamster, lumber co., $50 found.
LOOK.
Becond cook, hotel. $50; pantryman. $30 fd.
Second baker, fare *3 .V). $45 found.
LUMBER.
Edrerman, sugar jTine. f!W> found.
Head donkeyman, L. Co.. SCO found. '•
Crosscut sawyer, fare $2 25, $35 found.
2 jack screwers. $45 found.
Gardener, 6 cows, private, fare $1,* $40 fd.
400 MILES.
?4 06. $4 06.
SOUTH. SOUTH") SOUTH.
153 teamsters, come see. $60. -•.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
GENERAL MANAGER HERE.
Foreman for orchard vineyard, south, good
wasres.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher and bookkee;>er> combined, man. to
run country shop; refereflceB*»«;f erred.
Carpenter, ranch, fare $1 25, $40 found.
2 slaughter-house butchers, ranch, $50 found.
FOREMAN FOR AN
Irrigation fruit ranch.
. Bank president* at our office to-day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
BAKER. Institution, fare $2 50, $50 to $55 fd.
House painter, fare 10c, factory, $2 50 to
$2 75 day.
Carpenter, factory, fare 10c, $3 day.
Plumber, tinner, north. $2 50 day.
Fireman, sawmill company, fare $3, $50 fd.
Blarki-mith, fare $1 40. $3 day.
Blacksmith, ranch, fare $1 50, $2 day found.
6 milkers together, extra good Job, $35 fd.
3 sheep herders, fare $1 50, $30 found.
MURRAY. & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FARE ' PAID— COUNTRY HOTEL.
2 waiters, $25 found; pantryman. $20 found.
Clerk, country merchandise store, $30 found.
Walter, Fresno County. $40 found. «
LOOK.
Cook, wife, lumber company, boss here, $70
found up.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
AT The California Employment Agency.
14 3d st.. nr. the Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
State of Nevada; cheap fare refunded.
United States Government work.
25 teamsters, $<;7 50 a month.
15 laborers. $60 a month.
50 drillers, rockmen, hammermen. $75 month.
SAWMILL CREW.
2 carpenters. Lumber Co.. S. B. H.. $50 fd.
Fhlngle Jointer, see boss here, $45 found.
Board puller. $45 a month and board.
2 tail edgermen. $40 a month and board.
2 second trimmermen, $40 a month and board.
1 offtearer. $40 a month and board.
10 lumber pliers, $36 to $40 and board.
8 men for rock quarry, $2 25 a day.
10 laborers. 8 hours, near city. $60.
4 haymakers. $1 50 a day and board.
Cook, plain hotel, city. $45 round.
Waiter, eamt hotel, $25 found. .
Man to work on gasoline launch, $12 week.
10 Slavonian laborers, woods and sawmill,
CAL. d EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 3d st.
WANTED — A number of men for sawmill, a
firct-class place: gang edgerman. $90 and
found: timber faller. $60 and found: tally
man and lumber sorter. $50 and board; 2
crosscut sawyers. $40 and, board: fireman for
(¦awmlll, f2 CO day; laborer for eawmill.
$2 25 day: Ironer, country laundry, $13 week;
2 ranch teamcten*. $1 50 day and'board;
milker. $25. $30 and $35 and found: 3 black-
smiths, $3 and $2 00 day. and $2 50 day and
board; blacksmith helpers, t-"X) and $.J5 and
found, end others. J. F. CKOSETT & CO.,
C2jtr Sacramento et.
MAN and wife for cooking and laundry work,
private family. $00 and found: camp waiter,
$30 and found; restaurant porter, $S week;
boy for lunch counter, $30 a month. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.j, 028 Sacramento St.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
05 Third «t Telphone Main 5521.
Man to drive milk wagon, city, $40 fd.
Cook, $50. city, short hours.
Cock, -small country hotel. $40.
Iioys for factory, city. $3 50 and learn trade.
Tcarr.eters city. Jl r,o _ boarJ; scraper work.
:; waiter? city. $35 and fd.: ehort hours.
Pipe line, Monterey. $2 25. fare $4 30.
Arizona, cheap " fare, laborers, teamsters,
rockmen.
Southern Cal. teamsters. $2. cheap fare.
Humboldt Co. drillers. $2 CO and $2 .5.
Laborers, fare 10c. $2, 8 hours.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial St.. near Kearny.
Phnne Bush K33 JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
NEW WORK... SOUTH. ..SPECIAL FARE.
15 handy men. tont?n gang, $2 50 dny.
15 roustabouts, teli-fhone gang. $2 25 day.
This for big NEW PIPE LINE. SOUTH.
15 labor^re, $52 M fd.; 15 laborers. $45
fd.. fee $1; wheelwright, ranch, boss here.
$45 fd.; 10 ranch hands: second cook, $45 fd.
IN GOD WE TRUST.
Golden Gate Employment Office, 1213 Ninth
ave., off H st.. alongside of Golden Gate Park
tnd next door to public library — Best male
help provided for all purposes, city and coun-
try, throughout the States: smallest office
charges: employers please pay half the office
fee. "Money orders payable ti>» T- SPEAK-
JIAN, station O. San Francisco.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r.' 12—
2 waiters for company's boarding-house
near city. $30: second cook, $50; 2 waiters,
-country, *."W; elevator man, $35; pot washer,
resort, $30. • .
WANTKD everywhere — Hustlers to tack
si^ns. distribute circulars, samples-, etc.; no
canvassing; good pay. Sun AdverVslng Bu-
reau, Chicago. ¦ y ¦ >—^ •
GOOD narb»r: steady Job. A. SCHWARTZ.'
1104 Fillmore rt.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 20S
TWrtJ et. . ,
RJRAL^ ESTATE— riTY~jFO^ SALg
THOMAS MAGEE _ SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
6 MONTGOMERY 8T.
INVESTMENTS IN FLATS.
$55,000 — Rents $332 50; can be easily In-
creased; north side of street; close to
Ellis and Larkin; nearly 55x120 to rear
street: tenants have been there since
the building was built.
$30,000— Rents $212 50; north corner, with
depth of lot on north Ride of street;
nearly 200 feet of frontage on 2 streets;
part of lot vacant: with $5000 expendi-
ture can be made to par $70 more.
$25,000— Rents $202 50; especially large lot.
j _ 35x100; north side of street: In Western
Addition; 4 elegant new flats.
$24,0OO^-Rents $185; corner; an especially well-
built building In first-da bs' residence
locality.
$20,000— Rents $121 60; Western Addition: 125
•feet of frontage on 2 streets; 2 good
- buildings; one is built strong enough to
add another story to it and thereby in-
crease rents.
$20,000— Rents $112 50; worth close to $150;
corner near Mission and 9th; 120 feet
of .frontage on 2 streets; two good
buildings.
$20,000 — Rents $150; 8 modern flats of 5 and 6
rooms each; rented low; an especially
flne size lot; nearly 85 feet front by
large depth; cars passing; north side
of street.
$17,750— Renta $125*' half of lot still vacant:
j can be further Improved and made to
pay excellent return; an In town corner.
$14,000— Rents to be $145; 3 flne new flats on
key lot. with sun and light In almost
every room; very convenient; la grow-
lDgr residence locality.
$12,000— Rents $80: worth $100; .Hyde St.; 3
good flats, with light and sun In almost
every room; always rented.
$10,000— Rents $77 60; Fell St.. close to Golden
Gate Park; 2 very flne sunny flats only
o years old, with everything the latest:
upper flat, 9 rooms and bath; lower. 6
and bath.
$8,000— Rents $50; lot 36x122: 2 flats. 6
rooms and bath each; rented very low;
splendid piece of property for owner to
live In and rent one flat.
$8,000— Rehti $72 50; Pacific avenue: In
town; tenants have been there 5 years;
will always keep rented.
$7,900^ — Rents $63BO; Western Addition; east
side of street; sun front and back; cars
convenient; rented steadily; everything
complete. \
$3,500— Rents $30; Howard at.; west side;
sun front and back; 32:6x115 to rear
street: exceptionally well-built building;
one tenant there 10 years.
FILBERT-ST. LOT.
J1800.
26x150 to rear street: 2 frontages; street work
done; Flllmore-st. cars convenient,
transferring to any part of city: good
building lot for a number of small flats.
MAKE OFFER.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS,
¦ ¦ , 8 MONTGOMERY ST.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS^
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
THREE NEW FLATS.
$14,000.
RENTS $145 A MONTH.
NEARLY 13 PER CENT.
New and growing property.
First-class residence locality.
One line of cars passing and another electric
line Vt block away, transferlng to any part
of the city.
Three fiats Just finished.
Each flat has 7 rooms, bath, reception -hall
and gtorasre room.
Splendid interior arrangement and finish;
flrst-claes plumbing; flne sunny exposure
south and west; key lot with established
and permanent space.
Will always rent.
This is an exceptionally good buy.
Call at office at once for particulars.
McAllister street.
$10,000.
• LOT 25x137:6.
Has 2-story building on It. which could be
moved to the front and a store put below
• and small building put In rear of lot; or
moved to rear and new building of store
and 2 flats built In front of lot.
In business district, and will rent steadily.
THOMAS MAGEE & EONS.
6 MONTGOMERY ST.
f BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE.
Marine View.
Within a block of Broadway and Fillmore
ct.; 12 /rooms. 2 baths; practically new; all
latest Improvements; absolutely perfect condi-
tion: hardwood finish; unobstructed marine
view; price $14,500; must be sold on account
of owner leaving city.
THORNE & KILPATTWCK.
812 Bush St., near Montgomery.
$1 28 PER week: no Interest: lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your Uttla home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. room i.
FOR sale — Artistic home, near park; • rooms,
bath, servants' room, conservatory: stable,
chicken house, yard for cow; large lot; three
minutes from four car lines; all as good as
new, owner leaving city: open Sunday. 650
Ninth ave., between If and C sts.
*"OR sale— $12,000, cash $2000. 3 swell marina
view flats not yet completed; -rents $1320
per annum; north line Green St.. Nos. 1864-
66-68, east of Laguna: every room Is and will
be sunny: every possible latest improvement;
lot 25x137:6. Apply at the premises, 11 to 3.
FREE homestead presented by Uncle Sam un-
* der new Government' canal In Nevada. See
J. E. GORDON. 628 Crossley bldg.. 2:30 to 9
p. ta. dally.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-8 Crocker building.
ALL' work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH _ MAYER. Plumbers. 838 Howard st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
IB pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BERKELEY AB^RT'S'M'NTa
nEKKKLKY UEAL KSTATB.
BERKELET BUSINESS PROPERTY _s an
Investment is equal to anything on the
. coast. There is money to be made by buy-
Ing that class of property — five local trains
every hour from Berkeley station to San
Francisco. , .
Berkeley Is a village no more — It Is the
center of California for many things.
BERKELEY IS CALIFORNIA.
SOME GOOD BUYS:
A thoroughly well-built two-story brick build-
ing, a NW corner. 4 stores below and flat*
above, paying well.
A flne corner on Shattuck are., very proml-
. fcently located; vacant: there's money la It. .
Ayttone and brick warehouse, fitted wit— com-
partments, elevator etc/. In a business center;
£ leased- for five years. '
A business block on Telegraph are.. 1 stores)
and -flats above with vacant corner adjoin-
ing for flats; a choice proposition.
JOS. J. MASON.
, Cor. Center and Shattuck. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE,
TWO acres; corner, cottage of 4 rooms, bath,
pantry, basement, windmill and tank, chicken
yards. 150 fruit trees, berries, etc.. cheap.
C. MICHEL. KlmhuYst. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1010 BROADWAY.
, OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
TO rent for vacation— Pretty furnished house-
six rooms ; $30. 496 Sherman ave.
OAKLAND KlllSlTlnK FOB SALM.
TO-MORROW the day for barg^inT7n~furnT-
ture. H.Scnellbaas.Uth 8t. J cor.store.OakIand.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA-^HERMAN MURPHY^
601-G02-(i0a Examiner building.
Quick settlements; ao disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc., legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
: When You Need Money -
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
~~ MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANIC
INTEREST 5«,4 AND 0 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any Amount Advanced on CITY, OAKLAND,
TOWN AND COUNTRY Real Estate.
Second mortgages, estates in probate, undi-
vided interests in real estate, property In trust;
loans cloned promptly. .
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY. City Agents,
107-8 CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET STREETS.
AAA — Interest C per cent (read Sunday papers)
......MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK
CITY, OAKLAND, TOWN. COUNTRY
PROPERTY
..MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (City Agent*)..
107-8-9-11 Crocker bid. Post and Market sts.
__ WILLLOAN
A reasonable amount on*
1st, 2d or 8d
Mortgage, on real estate or
> Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest. .
Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
Location, etc.
Box 400. Call office. -
LOWEST BANK RATE. '
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
estates In probate, undivided Interest in
- estates, assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of interest.
RIVERS BROS., 205 Montgomery st.
SALARY LOANS— T~~ '• 7
Money loaned salaried people without secur.
Ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential 1 ' and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
¦ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.:
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., 68 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market »t.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
840 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments*,' large business In
.46 principal cltleo. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
stv. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
' absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
X PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. rm. 7.*
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at VV. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
BTAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid; Oakland office, 1103% Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. ,
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
MONEY to loan for building purpose? • low
rate; private party. 234-235 Parrot bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building, 708 Market st.
1% PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVINO, 61« Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. 600 Examiner building.
M£S_^L_^IX_STRUMENTS._
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Neubert, new $250, now $60.
Fischer, new $325, now $83.
Herts, new $300 now $07.
Russell, new $3S5, now $135..
Colby, new $425, now J180.
2 Chlckeringe, new $450, now $100, $133.
2 Stelnways. new $575 $750, now $183 $325
Heine, new $575, now.'$333.
And 50 others: squares for next to nothing;
rents $2 up; installments $4 up; old organs
or pianos taken in exchange; tuning $2, fin-
est workmanship. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-
_237 Geary st.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
AAAAA — FINE assortment of second-hand up-
rights from $40 up, including such makes as
Chlckerlng. Vose, Steinway, Steck Knab*.
Mathushek. Sterling, Curtaz, Erard and
many others on easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ _ T SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A SENSATIONAL fire — Storage pianos and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and burned If not sold In a few days; this
means storage pianos and furniture almost
cheaper than fire wood, and must be re-
moved. WMtehead's Storage, 1636 Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; .the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
" PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes st.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $85.
STATHAM, 110 McAllister st
1 : i
FOR Eale— Fine upright piano, on account de-
parture; used one year. Bo* 2068. Call.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos Cecelian piano
player. , BYRON .MAUZY. 303-312 Post st.
A BEAUTIFUL Steinway upright grand, as
good as new; cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
$105 — STEINWAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
S-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little u*?d. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Fairell.
PERSOXALS.
ATTENTION.
6ee the exhibition In window at Union Drug
Co., corner gutter and Stockton sts.. a living
face with wrinkles and bagglness removed
from one side; contour and color of youth re-
stored. Treated two years ago by
• , M. ELLA HARRIS,
781, O'Farrell gt.. near Larkln.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a euro cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. gold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 60e. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
A NEW METHOD— Your busi: positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my .method: magnetfc
massage by appointed graduate, old school;
strictly '¦ confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSER,
637 Bush t»t.. apt. 300; phone Front 87.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves its growth.stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: nn stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure 1/loml (affecting
¦ skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 32S Grant ave. . Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, • drains, varicocele,
etc.: easily worn: $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 14O Geary, S.F.
A FINE suit to order nn easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS, 1127 Market St..
* between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st. -
YOU can buy fi5 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and »1 50 per week: T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post, near Powell.
PARISIAN DERMATOLOGY " PARLOR Is
¦ transferred to 327 Geary St., opp St. Fran-
cis Hotel.
SUPERFLUOUS hair _ moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers,1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 CO; dress pants *2 50.
I Misfit Clothing Parlor^ cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actina restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catnrrh. A_VIDA CO.. 3."»24 10th, nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 389 Sut-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton. -833 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE "costumes, play books, wigs;'
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.,733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'9 Egyptian Henna w»stores gray
.hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy st. ; phone - Polk 4611.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist." 515
. Taylor St.. near Geary. - Phone Black 561.
-- ¦ -:.¦- r * gAT-JTTg. —~ —
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA at-
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Marke't at. \
HEAL ESTATE — Coantry — For *»«*.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches. orchards.
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., W3
Market st. V
SOUTHERN Oregon irrizated lands, dairy
farms, stock ranches., alfalfa land, timber
land, mines. H. C. TRAYNER. Sft> Ktarny.
STOTJBBABT PBOPSSTY. _' _ U1J „,
Rois^VALLEy--^
ROSS STATION TO SAN ANSELMO.
The Finest Suburban Residence Tract
Within 50 minutes of San Francisco ever placed
on the market in 1 to 3 acre tracts, and prices
within reach of all; 3 minutes from Rcss sta-
tion. 1 minute from San Ar.selmo; unsurpassed
views and beautiful build jng knolls: fine oak
trees and running waier; only 12 pieces left;
party at San Ansslmo station Saturday to show
same. Maps and full information at
CHATFTELD _ VINZENT,
223 Montgomery gt.. S. F.
FOIAT KIClinoM) _BAt, ESTATE.
4 CHOICE lots for sale cheap for cash. Ap-
ply 328 Bush St.. room 4, third floor.
UFyiCK-i AND »TUtt— I TO L-iT.
MARKET. 1018— Furnished office to let, $14
per month.
STORE and 4 rooms; modern. 3808 Seven-
teenth St., near Sanche^ ¦
CHURCH. 1300— Fine store: 3 rooms, bath,
gas; large yard; stable; cheap.
FINISHED' basement with sidewalk elevator.
576-3 Valencia St.. nr. Sixteenth; reasonable
PHYSICIA.XS AXD SIRGEOSS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL — Office and rssldenc*.
1021% Market st., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 & Market st. "
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Pa
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONO WOO the famous herb doctor—All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-3 Clay st.
ROOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
A SNAP— 3 partly furn. housekeeping 1 rooms:
$13 mo. ; sunny. The Virginia. 1005 Powell st.
GEARY, 607 — Nice front room Jar housekeep-
ing; al»o single room: new. ,
HYDE, 655 — Nice sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single room.
JESSIE 333— Sunny front room; gas range,
sink, furnished housekpg. closet. $3 week.
JONES. 607, June. O'Farrell — For light house-
keeping, 2 tretty sunny rooms: also singia.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished S-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
LARKIN. 1007. corner Post, The Cragburn— .
Bunny furnished rooms, single or en suite;
housekeeping. apartments a specialty; baths;
reduced rates for summer; Larkla and Sut-
ter-st. cars pass house. »
MCALLISTER. 1671— 3 sunny connecting
housekeeping; complete; kitchen; gas; all
convenience: bath; reasonable. »
MISSION, 932^4— Large sunny front room for
housekeeping: stove, running water.
OAK, 10—2 rooms complete for housekeeping;
use of piano. (
PEARL, 3. cor. Market— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms, f 14-S15: no children.
SECOND 523 — Nice furnished room and
kitchen; middle fl3t: gas and coal stove.
SUTTER. 1009— Elegantly furn. suite, 3 rooms;
reasonable; refs. Tel. James 1; single: $8.
TAYLOR. 533— Light housekeeping rooma ami
single rooms for two gentlemen.
Taylor, 911 — Furn. suite, gas range, water.
$12 50; 2 rooms, gas range. $10: 1 rm. $7 50.
" APAgT—iarr houses.
ST.CECILE 115 Fell. above Van Ness ave.— T_»
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
* nished 3-roora apartments, with private baths.
steam heat, electric light elevator, gas ranges;
$30. $35. $37. $40. $45. $47 50. $50. $55.
ST LOUIS. 1375 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-3
room*: furn. or unfurn.: refa. Tel. East 1330.
APARTMENTS WANnE!^
APA RTMEN T " oT~3 room s wanted, furnished
complete for housekeeping. Box 553. CalL
4-ROOM apartment wanted with all modera
conveniences; state rates. Box 179. Call.
ROOMS TO LKT-~-F_nrn. sad I'nfira.
C— THE ST. KAHTRYN,
N E COR. ELLI3 AND LEAVEN WORTH
SUNNIEST ROOM3 IN CITY;
NEW HOUSE; FIRST CLASS;
JUST FURNISHED; HAIR MAT-
TRESSES IN EVERY ROOM: HOT
AND COLD WATER BATH3;
STEAM HEAT. ELEVATOR SER-
VICE: EVERY MODERN CON-
VENIENCE; ROOMS $3 PEJl
WEEK UP. _
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth st.— Roomj
25c to $1 I>er night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooma. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 80 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house cpen all night.
BURNETT, 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nUhed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellta. cor. Mason— Elegactlr
furnished sunny rooms; prlcts reasonable.
EIGHTH 49 — Two nicely furnished rooms, suit,
able for man and wife or two gents.
ELEVENTH. 21— Elegant rooms, single or ea
suite; furnished or unfurnished ; references.
FOL8OM. 558 — Three unfurnished. sunnj|
rooms, range; large yard.
FULTON TT opposite City Hall— Two doubla
rooms; $11 and $14; to msn only. ¦
GEARY 2S7— NJce furnished rooms, centrally
located, single or en suite; private.
GRAND Southern. Tth and M is3ion— Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.: reading-room.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nlshed suites and single rooms.
JESSIE. S83, east U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms, $5 and $tt per month. ______
JONES*" 207 "(Van Winkle) — Furnished sunnr
rms.:" suit* or single; gents preferred; $2 up.
LARKIN, 804 — Large rooms; light and sunny;
$8 per month. _
LARKIN. 804— Large room: light and sunny;
$6; single room. $4 per month.
MISSION, 1022 — Nicely furnished front roomj
light housekeeping ; also single room.
NOE, C77 — Large sunny room In quiet family;
flne view; reasonable.
CFARRELL, 332— Nicely furnished parlors:
sunny suite or single; light hskpg. If desired.
O'FARRELL, 333 — Nicely furnished front room
for tap gentlemen; bath and phone.
O'FARRELL, 437 — Suite of housekeeping
room*. $14: also other sunny rooms.
O'FARRELL. 610— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms *n good neighborhood.
POST, S89. n?ar Hyde — Large furnished Xront
room; bath: gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
POWELL, 100S (The Virginia) — A snap; ele-
gant front suite, partly furnished; marina
view; runnlr.jr water. •
POWELL. 20C3— Large front furnished room;
gas. -hot water; r?nt $8; Spanish family.
GRANT ave., 25 — Nicely furnished noms, sln-
gle or en suite; day, week, month; reasonable.
RIPLEY. 137 — A neatly furnished room. . - •/-¦•¦¦
ROYAL House, 12C Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooro» ter nlzht. 35c to $1 50: week. $_
to $8: month. $S to $."50: elevator on ground
ftoor: rocms with hot ard cold water: batha.
SIXTEENTH, 2813, near Folsom— Furnished
room. v _
SUTTER. lOO*— Beautifully furnish"d rooms
for $10 per month; also furnUhed apartments
for doctors' offices.
THE FALMOUTH. 1O4OA Market st.— dunny
room*; hat and cold water: Aerator: $J tu *;.
UNITED STATES. 123 Fddy. near Market — 10O
rooms S5c to $1 night *t 75 to $iJ week: elec-
tric lights (no gas>. runnirt* water in every
room; elevator, read. -room: free bus: baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 41 nj st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 7CO rooms;
35c to $1 50 ni*ht: $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec, lights; readins-rcom: free bus; baggage.
WOLF Hcnse, 202 Sixth st. — Kco— is from 13o
to $1 per night and from POc to $3 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church ita.
• Continued ou l';i_e 11.
FLATS TO LET. :
AN' rttagaK. nW. modern lower flat. 2S5S t?ac- :
rrant— *t« j-t.. ta lease from J-jly.1; S rocms,
! ..- h.. social hall, large reception hall with
b'-Sii foeXng. colonial brick fireplace; t>un
. ¦ : Uglrt ta every room; elegantly finished ;
!!.:. vtrhnut; ecparate veK'bulo and entrance;
. \ ; . vMonai ir.ducemenrs regarding lease to
de*traU*. rwpwwibi* tenant. Permit to lu-
t-pect from »\. HARSH ALL. 12 Kearny St.;
t!-.<ne Red SlSL
AAA— UOCSE RENTING l'EPARTMKNT.
Ail <—ft_~ I vacnr.t house* and flats are lie-t-
.! in BBC ttt* tenting Jerortment: over 1000
¦i •:i:!;.:wr: a combined 11m from all agencies,;
¦,t _ fSx* W* » list and help you to find a
( . we nevtr fal!: service free
EZKULUkG FrilNITURK CO.
IOCS MARKET ST..
OTiV>SlT_ MCALLISTER.
n -HOUSES and fl«ts to let: an immense Hit:
pervlc* absolute:;.- free: take advantage <jf
¦ :<I*nrtment; It will gave you time end
mm tie. " Conies Furniture Co..
. . ,. •; it., on the square.
--—
CAS NESS ive., C31 — Jiort elegant corner
flat In city to leaee; private family ocly;
rent $S?; cpen 11 a. m. to 4 p. m. Apply
en premises or to BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
JEW sunny swell t>-r*cm flats; Dutch Jinlng-
¦ dm; car] fireplaces; interior cctta.se effect;
JJO and $„ SO. Lyon «t., near Clay.
raXETEESCTH and Castro *ts., NW. cor. — Sun
all day: Ui'per f.pt; 7 routaa and bath;
modern; $30.
N< "¦E. IG34. corner Elizabeth — 5 sunny rooms;
bcy; yard, b—t-emect; convenient to Twer.ty-
:.•.) -ill and Ca>tro oars; reasonable.
prtODEniCK. 220. near Oak — Modern flat of 6
rooms, bath and servant's rocm; grand view
from every room; rent *32 50. j
NEXT, sunny. 5 rooms, yard, modern. 1000 j
¦ 'app tt., near Twenty-fifth: rent cheap. j
ET'NNT. new C and 7 room flats, one block
north Market »t. 157 to 1C5 Noe. near 15th.
CALIFORNIA. ~ —73.- near Webner — Elegaat
new Sat; 10 rooms and finished attic; $UU.
BATES, B3Z, cor. Buchanan — Nice tunny flat;
C r*>n:s and bath; modern Improvements.
TL'P.iv. 52OA — Suncy flat. 4 rooms, bath, c_s;
:arce banement; rent $16; no children.
MHRRITT, 23. bet. 17th and ISth — 5 rooms and
bath; modTn: $18; take l£-.h-st.' cars.
J'lLLMORE. 1128 — 7-rccm flat: rooms all
'.i£ht: modern; furniture fcr sale.
LARGKST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on I.TON _ HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.%
VALLEJO. 1608 — 7 rooms: second ctory upper
Sal: marine view; $35. .
WALLER. 1311— House of 9 rooms; bllllard-
room; bath; heater: modern; $50.
J35— MODERN flat of 8 rooms. 1303H Waller
Ft., r.ear Masonic ave.
FLATS TO LET — PCB.MSHED. 7
HAIGHT. 12tt?>. Bucna Vista, cor. Central ave.
— _!f?antly»furni£hed flats; also unfurnished;
houce has nil con\'eniences and is situated In
select neighborhood.
FOR rent for the summer, - furnished flat. 6
rooms. 85 Central ave.
IIAMOND, Sl»— Flat of 3 sunny furnished
rooms: hoti and cold water: $13.
CAPP. €14— Furnished 5-room flat: piano;
pas and coal stove. Call bet. 11 and 4. ¦
OAK. 11S3. panhandle — Flat. 4 rooms, or house
of 7 rocrnE. bath, phone, garden; $25 to $40.
6-ROOM furnished flat, modern, to responsible
partr. Box 2071. Call office.
FLATS FOR SALE ITKXISHED.
FOR *ale — Furniture of 5-room flat; rent $18;
f.ne marine view, large gardens; no dealers.
I_b Filbert et.. near Larkln.
I'I'PER fiat, S eunr.y rooms, handsome new
carpets, for sale; rent $35. 2126 Central ave.
HELP WASTED FE M ALEU
A COOK en a ranch. ?25. see party here.
A girl to sew and do come cleaning in an in-
stitution In city, $20.
A girl to assist cocking In a delicatessen
store in city. $30.
A second girl in Pan Rafael, $25.
A girl for housework and cooking, city. $35.
A waitress for hotel In city, $27 50 a month.
A waitress fur hotel in'clty, $30, rocm out.
A rook in a hospital. $50.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 gutter St.. near
Powell.
WANTED — First-clas* laundreee, $40; cham-
bermaid, wait dinner, for hotel, Nevada, $30,
eee best here this forenoon; waitress for
springs. f25; 4 waitresses, hotelc aod resorts,
J25 and $30: kitchen and dining-room helper,
$30: nurse. $20; a number of girls for gen-
eral housework for both city and country at
best wages, too many to advertise. Call
early, bee J. F. CaOtETT & CO., 334 Sut-
ter st.
IN GOD WE TRUST. ~~ ~
Golden Gate Employment Office. 1211 Ninth
ave., off H et., alongside of Golden Gate
Park and next door to Public Library: free
reading-rocm for ladies; best help provided
for all purposes, for city and country
throughout the States; smallest office
charges: employers please pay half the office
fe*; money orders payable to _*. SPEAK-
MAN, Station G, San Francisco.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdreaslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in -2 wetks: $3 to those entering now; 3 po-
t-'ti .-.t to fill Immediately: positions guaran-
¦¦•"d at $10 per we«k up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary w.. room 13.
A — GIRL to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $15; position as trimmers,
salesladies, etc truaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton s_. r. 13.
A— LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc.; positions
•ecured at highest wages; day and evening
classes; thorough wystem. Removed from 1236
Market st. to 133 Powell et.
WANTED — An experienced saleslady In kid
rlove department: good wages. Call at
STRAUSS A FROHMAN'S. 107 Post su
WANTED — Dressmaker for country good pay,
board and lodging. Call at 1241 Webster Et..
between 9 and 11 a. ta.
WANTED — A maid for second work and ws.it-
re*»; French preferred. Call to-day at Pleas-
art <m Hotel, room 8*>, from 5 to 6.
WOMAN for general housekeeping and cook for
two. Apply to-day at 925 Valencia st.
WANTED good woman cook. Restaurant, 814
'., ¦ r -: ft.
A GOOD plain cook and housekeeper, under 35.
at children's camp; retained " on " return to
city: German or Swedish .woman preferred;
excellent references; ealary $25 per month.
Box 2CS0. Call.
REFINED woman under 35. not afraid of
work, to teach housework. I to 5 dally. In In-
t-Utution far rlrls; references; $20 per month.
Box 3(m. Call. _-
AX ex3>ericnc>rd saleslady wanted for cloak and
t-:uU dffartment. Address "Cloaks." box
2077. Call efflce. .
RELIABLE German or Swedish girl, general
I-ouyework and cocking. Apply 1134 Webster.
A fCEAT young girl to acsist in housework: 3
lr. family. Apply 217 Third ave.. Richmond.
APPRENTICES to ieara halrdresslr.g; paid
?>bii«: learning. CCSGROVE'S. 110 Geary st.
FTHFT-CLAES hairdressers and manlcurers
_wan'*4. Apply at COEGP.OVn'S. 110 Geary.
A JT^OFITa1?LE cutlng; pick hops In August
Write E Clemens Horet 122 Battery «t..8.F.
/ rAT.P.TISEMENTS. subscriptions received at
Cali tranch office, ror. Duncan ft Church sts.
A RRANCH efflce of The Call for the reception
li advertisements sr.d «ub«criptlcns has been
Rpemd at 1003 Market et.. opposite Fifth.
'¦pea until 11 p. ta.
UELP H'A.VTED MALE.
.*. -pacific r.%u-i.oxiii:T^f~AnKscr,
F. M. GUNN, CSS Commercial »t.
Phone Main 1101. S doors Irotn Kearny.
Arize j>a — R. R, laborers, new wurk, IHor-
er.ee. Arizona- Nevada, ehip dally, S hours*
«'Tk. $2 to $2 Vi <3ay: take this 4B5 rolies
<Tcrk H. It., 1c mile rate: teamsters. South-
ern California. $CQ: another, near city, /ree
**"-re. new work, S-home teamstera. $00. We
*r* also rhipnlcg. frqe fare, all over Call-
fcrr.ia *erti';n tmd extra eang, 20 laborers,
ri»-ar city, $'J0. s kours' work. Other Jobs.
<~s!| on<i see. f
r.r.n cross employment agenct. -
«C Clay st. Phnm Jam^s 2476.
Nevada— Government work — Nevada.
2 locomctrre engineers W 23 day
1 i-arrlase pctnter SJ W) <5ay
20 I'.pe line men $2 25 dsy
"'• Iiaiian pick and shovel men $2 day
2 piilkere t'.tTt per month end found
2 or<hsrd hand* $30 per monfh and found
l'J f.klUrg mechanics ..$3 to $3 CO day
ANDRE'S effk-e. 317 Stockton St.— Flirt-clasrs
help for institutions; cardener, $30; yardman
end driver, *2T.; man to t<-nd to carden, clean
t'<'rchei«. «>tr., $30; waiter and wash few
<!iiihe«. $_1: plain laundryman. ?"0; t n crmi
«>ok. hcrptal. $40; porter and nelp wait-
ing, |_. «tc
« TELL YOUR WANTS TO PCADffiS OF THE CALLTHE SAN: FRANGISGO 'CALIJ,;. SATURDAY, JUNE 11, 1904.
The graduating exercises of Burnett
Grammar School tooki place last. Tues
day afternoon. After the exercises
were concluded the principal. P. Prior,
awarded diplomas as follows: Alice
Burnett Grammar School.
The following table gives a comparatlva
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic ffdt per
second, „ or second feet.' The figures for the
last year may bo revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by S. G. Bennett,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
TUOLUMNE . RIVER AT LA GRANGE. '
1903. ; 1901.
May 2!) ... 7,440 10,340
May 30 10.340 10,155
May 31 11,800 0,415
June 1 11, SCO f 9,122 !
June 2 12.210 il.050
June 3 11.100 12,620
June 4 .< 10,340 | 11.100
This report does not Include water taken out
of the Tuolumne River In canals of the Tur
lock and Modesto irrigation districts.-
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANYON.
Second Feet.'
DATE. \
¦ 1903. 1904.
May 29 S,«r.O 17,500
May 30 8,.'58O 17,100
May 31 8.3S0 16,720
June 1 .................... 8.3S0 15,200
June 2 ....:.....,•.....-.... 8.3.S0 14,500
June 3 8,110 14.1S0
June 4 7,440 13,430
Late Shipping: /Intelligence.
ARRIVED. *"
- , '-' Friday, June 10.
Stmr Eureka. Jesisen, 24 hours from Eureka. •
SfBKPSfel^' DOMESTIC. PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived June 10— SUnr AIII-*
ance. from Kureka. . •
PORT TOWNSEN'D— Sailed June 10— Br ship
Clan UucHanan. for Muketto and Salavcrry. •
Arrived June-. 10 — 'Bktn 'Hawaii, hence.
May 23.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Sailed June ,10— Ger stmr Nlco
melda, for • Yokohama: Br • etmr Wyefleld. ¦ for
Nanalmo and'Comox; sqhr. Susie M 1'lummer,
from Ladysmith, for Nome.
DILIGENT PUPHiS REWARDED.
Bright Students of Columbia Gram
mar School Receive Medals.
The closing exercises of the Colum
bia Grammar School were attended
by numerous friends of the, children
and teachers.
A very pleasing programme was
given by the students.
The list of graduates was as fol
lows:' -.
Bridge medal. Vance Smith; Denman medal,
Cecilia Manton.
Honoraries — Vance Smith. Cecilia Manton,
Warren Atherton, Antoinette Geete.
Other graduates — Arthur Cortelyou, Beverly
Wetb, Alexandra Hansen. Annie Donovan,
Minnie Reersman, Elizabeth McCarthy, Huth
Firth, Karl Koller, Acnes Hansen, Helen
Kelley and John Urbats.
FLOW Ol? CALIFORNIA FIVERS.
Max E. and Jennie" A. Hornleln to Louis
Frledlander, lot on SE corner of Sutter and
Webster stre'ets. E 137:6 by S 137:0; $10.
Joseph and Elizabeth W. Leggett to James
J. Fllnn, lot on NW corner of Duboce and De
visadero streets. N 34:8 by.W 125, S 23:5%,
E 125:4%; $10.
Estate of Mallna C. Dresser (Incompetent,
by Roxanna L. Wheaton, guardian) to Thomas
Murphy, lot on E line of Clayton street. 303:9
N of Frederick. N 25 by E 106; $6250.'
Walter W. and Mary A. Kaufman to Agne*
M. Sheldon, lot on E line "of Locust etreet.
1O2:S^4 S of Washington, S 25 by E 137:6; $10.
! Caroline A. and Mary F. Potter to Harry
E. and Bertha C. Nye, lot on E line of Oak
wood street, 2«J3 S of Eighteenth, S 25, E 86:8,
NW 25, XV 0.1:6; $10. K
Same to ' Charles W. and Erne line .Nye, lot
on E line of Oakwood street, 238 S of Eight
eenth. S 25, E 03:0, NW 25. W 00:5; $10.
Nicholas. Mathilda, Henry and Catherino
Ohlandt, John A. and Mary M. Buck to Wil
liam Hill, lot on SE corner of Sixteenth and
Prcrppr streets, E 30 by S 103:6; $10.' -
Thomas XV.. Katherine A., Christopher C.
nnd Lily A. Rivers to" Emile Nouaux, lot on
NB corner of Fifteenth and Castro streets, E
Z: by N DO; $10.
Daniel L. and. Catherine S.' Lynch to Ed
ward and ; Clara - B. : Sellon, lot on W line " of
Florida street, J.30 S of Twenty-third, S 25 by
W 100; $10.
City. and County of San Francisco to Nellie
Bond, lot on-NJE corner of Twenty-fourth and
Bartlett streets; E 48:6 by N.61:5%: $— — .
Mary, A. Kluge (Schneider) to Emilie F..
Ella M. and Charlotte R. Schneider, lot on
NW- corner of Twenty-thinl and Church
streets. N 65 by W 117:6: gift. :
Maria L. Nestell to Hibernia Savings and*
Loan Society, lot on E line of Hellevue street,
04 S of Elizabeth, S 100 by E 125; also lot on
E line of Hoffman 'street, 200 N of Twenty
fifth, N SO by E 125: $10. -
William P. and Florence L. Johnson to H.
& XV. Pl»rce (corporation),, lot on N lin» or
Sacramento street, 17."i 12 of Drumm. E li.%. N
r>!):9. E 2o, N 50:9, W 75, S K»:0, E 2't. S
50:0. City. PHpini; B3 to 05: $10.
Charles G. and Louis OstwalJ ami Edward
F. .hnd< Mary A. Fitzpptriek to Theodore <Xm
stciid, lot en B line-of 'll^Mon street, 117:0 N
of Buoh. X L'O by E *»7:t>: $10. .
¦ ICntherlne KimpMn In Kate II. Petorsun. Ttsn
bdl&'M. Simonfon ' and John F. Elmpson. lot
on H line -of Greenwich . street. .107:0 W of
Kcarny. W 2."« by,S l."7:G; K!ft.
. Jay Federlein to Sophlo Foilerloln, lot en
E line of .Chelsea 'place '87:6' S of Bush, S i)0
by E CO; Kift. ': ; . . f 4
I John Hunt to Frederick W. Hunt. . lot on S
line of Broadway. 70:6 E of Jones etreet, E
23:6 by 6 60: gift.
Alanson H. Phelps to Ellen B. Fhelps. lot
FRIDAY. JUNE 10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ethel Avis, Augusta Brown, Earl Baker, Joe
Berhman, Alfred Bernstein, Elsa Buchholz,
EtBel Crossley Frances Moriarity, Matilda Pa
rent, Rosine Provlnsal. Alralne Sucher, Sarah
Peters. • Tessle • Harris, Zela Harrel. Hazel
Kohlhoff Domenlco Le Presto, Flora Golllber,
Edith Gordon, Pauline Linderman, - Mabel Da
vis Sharon Rule, Fred Shipper, George Hearst,
Marian Read, Charles Ramsey, Fabian
Schwartz, Milton Hlensch, John Lutgen, Clyde
Lovette, Charles Gorman, Elva Bulotti. Y.
Yoshedda, Hart Lewis and Hannah Knubel. 2
The graduates of John Swett School
thoroughly enjoyed their graduating
exercise^, which were made doubly In
teresting by the presentation of a
handsome gift to T. J. Roseman, one
of the teachers, at the close of the pro
gramme. Mr. Roseman leaves short
ly on an extended trip East and his
class took occasion to chow him ihow
hghly he is esteemed as an instructor
and friend. : :^i"''
Those who received medals were
Fred Shipper and.Elva Bulotti.
Diplomas were awarded to the fol
lowing named:
Teacher at John Swett School Is Hon
ored by Ills Class.
GIVEN PARTING GUT.
Three suits were filed in the Superior
Court yesterday by persons who want
payment for personal injuries received
while they were passengers on the cars
of the United Railroads of San Fran
cisco. Joseph R. Costa asks for $10,000
as the price of two fingers amputated
as the result of injuries alleged to have
been sustained in an accident on the
Guerrero-street line on April .19 last,
when the car Is said to have collided
with a wagon of the Morrison Lumber
Company. The lumber company Is
made a codefendant. John A. Steele,
as guardian of Rita May Steele, a
minor, sues the railroad company for
$10,000 because a Mission-street car, as
alleged, ran into her on August 21, 1903.
She is said to have been sick for four
weeks as a result of the injuries. Wil
liam M. Tietjen and his wife, Annie,
demand $5000 for alleged injuries re
ceived on October 30, 1903, when a car
Is alleged to have collided with Michael
W. Coffey's hack in which Mrs. Tietjen
was riding.' Coffey Is a codefendant.
Want Damages for Injuries.
Two hundred and eighteen applica
tions have been filed with the Board
of Education for the teachers* exam
ination, to be held this morning at 9:30
o'clock In the Girls' High School." The
examination will be written and ten
questions are to be propounded for
answer by the applicants.
To Take Teachers' Examination.
The graduating exercises at the
Hancock- Grammar School, Dr. M. E.
Blanchard, principal, were success
fully carried out, the honorary pupils
being as follows:
Paul Capurro. Alice Maxwell. William
Flelschman. Joseph Handy. Julius Umhalt,
Albert Umhalt. Frank Czarneskl.
Medallists— Paul Capurro and Al!ce Max-
Honor pupils, A seventh grade. M. G. Sulli
van teacher— Elvira Glampollnl, Everard Olsen.
B sixth grade, IxjIs Peckham teacher: Hon
orarles—Frieda Westphal, John Fontana. Julie
Bert Lizzie Porta. . .
A Flxth grade, 8. Allen teacher: Honorarles
—Isabel Sylvia Willis Winter, Eda Martln
elll Henrietta Hlller. :
B fifth grade E. G. Williamson teacher:
Honorarles — Thomas Duffy. William -Moller.
A fifth grade. M. Hoogs teacher: Honor
ar | M _Chester Cramer. George Fardltl, Tecum
seh Brady. Samuel Hafford, Victoria Dellarl,
Henry >Schmldt, Vincent Quartararo.
A fifth grade. M. Gleason teacher: Honor
arles—Ernest Smith, James Steacy. Mabel Hill.
Bennie Murray.
B fourth grade M. Wollner teacher: Hon.
orarles — Harold Cadematorl. Louise Baldwin,
Frank Cardlnall. Vincent Groth, Rose Derenxo.
Ruth Schuldt. Joseph Delaney.
B fourth grade, M. Wright teacher: Honor-
Kr i e! j — Alfred Cuneo, Margaret Souther, El
wood Ols*n. Elvira Ghlselll. Elvira Rerenzo.
Josie Segall, Rofena Arlola. Mary Gambarino.
B seventh grade: • Honorarles — Edith Brlz
zolaro. Herbert Snedacher, Mabel Canepa,
Viola Winter, Clara Grleb.
Hancock Grammar School Shows
Strong List of Capable Pupils.
HOXORARIES NUMEROUS.
MAP ENGRAVER WANTED. — The United
States Civil Service Commission announces, an
examination on June CO for two vacancies In
the position of lithographic map eneraver
(male) In the Geological Survey at $1000 per
annum each. Age limit 20 years or over. Ap
ply to the United States Civil Service Commis
sion, Washington, D. C. for application form
1003 and special forms.
Rev., Father Cummlnn, Rev. Father Sullivan,
Mrs. M. J. Kennedy, Mrs. Mary Pendergast,
M<-s. E. Dlxon, Mrs. E. S. Code. Mrs. Alice
Burscough O'Connor, Mrs. Mary Burscough
I-ennon, Mrs. T. D. Sullivan, Mrs. W. J. Har
rington, Mrs. Mary G. Coyle, Mrs. Annie Clark
Stokes, Mrs. Gertie Campbell Handley, Mrs,
J. J. Barrett, Mrs. M. Sullivan Brady. Mrs.
McGulre Egan, Mrs. L. (A. Flynn, Mrs. John
O'Gara, Mrs. Catherine Manning. Mrs. Kate
Colye Roberts, Mrs. Alicia Oviedo. Mrs. B.
Monaghan, Mis* Alice B. Code, Miss Gene
vlevo Sullivan. Miss Nonie Sullivan, Miss Ella
G. HanW.rMiss Teresa Kennedy, Miss Loretto
V. Garety, Mips Margaretha Smith, Miss Rose
M. Qulnn, Miss Margaret F. Donegan, Miss
Marguerite Anthpny. Miss Margaret Nagle,
Miss Sarah Dougherty, Miss Mamie McDer
mott. Miss Nellie O'Malley, Miss Kate Rattl
gan. Miss Eleanor Rattigan, Miss Winifred
Gaffney. Miss Agnes Rankin, Miss Rose lliw
sey. Miss M. F. Callaghan, Miss Kate Cant
well. Miss M. Kindergan, Miss K. Uagerty,
Miss M. Flood. Miss Margaret PhllborB, Miss
Gertie McCarthy. Miss Kittle. L. Wood, Mies
Margaret Slattery, Miss Alice G.^.. McGulre,
Miss Eleanor VF. Sheehy, Miss Genevleve L,
McCarty, Miss Mary Anthony. Miss May Sul
livan, Miss Mary E. Rellly, Miss Mary Fitz
gerald, Miss Cordelia Burnn, Miss Amelia Ca
nepa, Miss Mary Bumstead. Mlsa Mary Racik.
St. Vincent's Alumnae Association
held its annual banquet on /Thursday
evening. June' 9, at St. Vincent's
School on Mission street. A very en
joyable time was had by all the parti
cipants. Among those present were:
St. Vincent's Alumnae Dinner.
Graduates — Edith Comings. Henrietta Davis.
Olive Achilles, Herbert Klemm, Fred Bach,
Anita Hall, Florence I^a Berge, Edward
Barnes, Charles Hammond, George Moren,
Adele Hermann,' Harry Coles, Leslie Magulre,
Harry Cullinane, Howard Reamer, Leslie
Crump. Burnette Yount, Mayzle Wiemeyer,
Adolph Hauser, Anna Weber, Nellie Cahlll.
Honorably promoted — Freda Grimm, Alice
Slebert, Delia Berry, Annie Hischler. Mabel
Anderson, Marguerite McPherson, Rudolph
Schwarzmann.
Medal pupils — Freda Grimm, Rudolph
Schwarzmann.
Everrett School Students Delight Big
Assemblage With Entertainment.
Everett Grammar grad/iating exer
cises'were largely attended and a bril
liant literary and musical programme
was given by the talented young stu
dents and was ' hugely appreciated,
ttev. J. A. B. Wilson presented the di
plomas and certificates and School
Director . Cecil Mark presented the
medals.
The graduates were:
EXJOY SPLENDID PROGRAMME.
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I BIJ. Ask. I
Bay CPC Cs. 9SV4 00H S P C P. 4s. — 1C0'
Cal NW 5s.. — 112 S P Co 4>,£s. M —
M C Wat 5-.10O — Sun Tel ts..ll."{ —
Ris I Wks5s — 107% Do 5s ." — 103
SF Drdk 5s. — 113 14 Suttr-st R5s.lO5 113
SF & NP 53. — lll%| UR of SF 4s. 78"s W^
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 30 (Mat Nav Co. -* 00
Amer Bis Co — -90 .|Nev Nat Bk.— 200
Cal Cot Mils SO 87 |N S R R Co. 0U —
Cal G&ECor. 40 4S N Cal P Co. — 11
Cal Powder.. — 130 Oak Bk Sav.ll2tt —
Cal, Ship Co. 21 27 | Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T.115 — I IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk. Oak — . 65 Orpheum Co. — 15}£
Chutes Co . . 6% 7% PacC Cas Co.125 —
City & C Bk — 112 Pab S Tel. ..100 —
Cyp L Imp,. 6% — Paraf Paint.. 3S —
East Dynm.. — 250 B F Drydock 60 — '
DpntPwd pfd — 90 SF&SJ Coal. 25 32H
Do com .. — . SO S J Wat Co. — 106
FN Bk. Oak.120 — SO & MTs;bt.l25 —
Fischer Thtr 75o — Swiss-A Bk.115 —
Frnch-A Bk.106 — Truck Elect.. — 13
Gas Con A.. — 22 InG pfd. 4T — •
Hono P Co. 14 — Do com ... 9 —
Lon& SF Bk — 60.'
California Stock and Oil Exchange
¦ Monte Crlsto ex-divldend to-day, lo per
share.
Oil Stock— Bid. . Asked.
Apollo 40 , 46
Associated Trust Certificates. '18 20
Aztec .....: 60 65
California Standard ........ 13 ....
Caribou '. 8 00 • 4 60
Chicago Crude 20'
Claremont Bjj
Four - 70
Giant 15 ...:
Ha*nford 19100
Home 1 52tf
Imperial .' 18 00
Independence 25 ....
Kern 4 75 ....
Kern River 10 00 ....¦
Lion ...*.... 02
Monarch (of Arizona) 40
Monte Crlsto „ 65 70
Occidental of W Va.l • .... 10
Oil City Petroleum 60 C2
Peerless .'...13 00-- 14 00
Reed Crude .' 1 50 ....
S F & McKlttrtck 3 00
Senator fiO ....
Sovereign .33 ....
Sterling 2 4t> 2 55
Superior -04 ' ....
Thirty-three 8 25
Toltec' 21
Twenty-eight 8 25 ....
Kern (new) 160
Associated Bonds 79 00
Wabash 38
Miscellaneous —
Chutes Company 8 00
Cypress Lawn Imp " Co 7 00
Fischer's Theater 60 ....
Northern Cal Power • .... 11 25
' - ." SALES.
Morning Session.
100 Oil City Petroleum .... '. 62
Afternoon Session. ' >
" 600 Honfe ...........I 1 BO
300 Sterling, b 90 <. 2 CO J
. Mining Stocks. ; "j
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. j
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. '
300 Belcher "31 1000 Julia 09
100 Chollar 14 150 Mexican 130
oOO Con C & Va.l 40 200 Ophir 4 25
500 Con Imperial. 02 100 Savage 25
30O Con N Y m 100 Savage 24
300 East Sierra N 06| 100 Sierra Nev ..42
. Afternoon Session.'
100 Andes ' 141 300 Ophlr 4 10
150 Con C & Va.l 351 100 Ophlr 4 05
300 Exchequer .. 461 2<V> Scorpion 18
200 Justice 10 20O- Seg Belcher .. 12
100 Justice 7 08 600 Seg Belcher .. 11
1C0O Kentuck OS
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher .| 31 200 Mexican ...1 27 Vt
100 Con C fciVa.l 40 500 Scorpion ...... 18
200 Crown Point.- 17 300 Sierra Nev .. 41
1400 Julia 09 800 Yellow Jacket. 23
400 Mexican 1 35
Afternoon Session.
150 Bullion 14| CO Ophlr 4 W
100 Gould & Cur. 23 60 Overman .... 32
5:00 Kentuck V...-C5 300 Seg Belcher... 11
200 Mexican ...1 27*4 1500 Silver Hill.... 48
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:-
Morning Session.' :
4200 Brunswick .. 161 700 Mont Ton..2 07^
2000 Esperanza ... t>l 1 1000 Rescue 08
200 Evelyn 30| 600 Ton Bolmont.. 67
500 MacNamara . 41| 1C0O Ton Gold M. 13
1S0O MacNamara . ?! 1C50 Ton Midway.. 40
1100 MaeNamara . 45| 100 Ton Midway.. 41
500 MacNamara . 47I10CO Ton Midway.. 43
200 Mont Ton ...2 05|
Afternoon Session.
300 Evelyn . . 31 '2000 Ray & O'Brien 06
1SC0 MacNamara . 45 500 Rescue OS
3000 MacNamara . 4K 1000 Ton Belmont.. .'66
1000 MacNamara ." 43 3000 Ton Midway.. 40
100 Mont Ton.. 2 07U 500 Ton Midway.. 41
2C0 Mont Ton ...2 10| 600 Ton Midway.. 42
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
/ FRIDAY, June 10—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 11 14 Justice 08 10
Alta 0(i 07 Kentuck 04 05
Andes 12 14 Keyes Graes.. — 1 20
Brlcher 30 SI Lady Wash .. — Ofl
i:m & Belch.l 20 1 30 Mexican . 1 20 1 25
Bullion : 14 15|Occidental ... 79 SI
Caledonia ... 75 77| Ophlr 3 80 3 90
Challenge Con 1« 181 Overman 30 31
Chollar 12 14| Potosl 13 1 +
Confidence ... 05 1 051 Scorpion 17 18
Con C & Va.l 30 1 :I5 Savage ........ 23 24
Con Imperial. 01 02i Peg Belcher .. II 12
Con NY 0:5 C4 Sierra Nev . . 38 3'J
Crown Point. 16 17 Silver Hill .. 48 47
Kast Sierra N WJ — Pt Louis ..'. . 09 10
Kureka Con.. — EOI Syndicate .... O."i 01
-F.xchequer .. 42 44 Cnlon Con ..4.1 44
Gould & Cur. 22 241 Utah 15 1«
Hale & Norc. 69 70| Yellow Jacket 27 23
Julia . 09 101
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.| Bid.Ask.
Colehan — 07| Ray 4- O'Brien 05 0«
Esperanza ... 01 02| Ray Tonopah. 12 15
Gold Anchor. — 20 Rescue .'. OS — ,
Gold M Con . — Cl Ton Belraont. .65 f « 1
Hannqpah M. 25 — Ton Cosh Boy — 25 !
Jim Butler.. 45 — Ton Exten ..95105
Little Ton . . 20 — Ton & G W. — 03 i
Lucky Tom.. — 03 Ton Gold M. — 13 ;
MacNamara . 45 ' 46 Ton Midway.. 39 40
Mlr.pah Ex •¦. . 10 — Ton of Nev.. 8 75 — I
Mont Ton2 07% 2 12& Ton N Star.. 27 30
Paymaster . . 06 . — Ton & Salt L 80 —
Ray Exten .. — . 12| United Ton ..OS 12
Lincoln medals — Pearl Elizabeth Barbour,
Joseph O'Rourke Elizabeth Charlotte Krum
nolz. Sarah Caaper, Clara Elizabeth Schmltz.
Grover William Peterson, Milton Harry Cole
man, Louisa Helen Malkus, Frank Carroll
Ankers. Atsushl Mlyawaki.
B, eighth grade, medal list— Bridge medal,
Joseph O'Rourke; Denroan medal. Pearl Eliza
betli Barbour. •
The Lincoln Grammar School list of
graduates and medalists is good evi
dence of the industry of pupil and
teacher. , The graduating exercises
were thoroughly entertaining. The
list of graduates follows:
Joseph O'Rourke, Eva Lynch, Clarence W,
Cavitt. Elizabeth Charlotte Krumholz, Jose
phine C. Schumacher, Pearl Elizabeth Barbour,
Vlvlenne May ,Plttam, Sarah Caaper, Clara
Elizabeth' , Schmltz, Edward M. A. Crosby,
Rose Mabel Levl, William Thomas Burns,
Grover William Peterson. Mark Altman. Lulu
Maud Devln. Fannie Alvlna Kelly, Milton
Harry Coleman, I^oulsa -Helen Malkus. Frank
Carroll Ankers. Harold Frledenberg. Atsushl
Miyawakl. . . S .
Lincoln Grammar Scliool Presents
Numerous Graduates for Hanoi's.
HAS GOOD MEDALISTS' LIST.
A third grade — Miss N. A. Maloney, teach
er: May Davis, Bertha Musln, Ebba Klott.
Rose Berman, Katie Worrall, Joe Joseph,
Frank Murphy.
' A third grade— Mies M. T. Dolan, teacher:
Ir.nrid Arvonen. Martha Pugh, Gertie Dwyer,
Albert Bailey.
A third grade, and B, second grade. Miss
A. J. Ahern teacher— William Kahron. Llllie
Gur.tli, Edith Barger. Norlne McDonough.
B, necond grade. Miss S. D. Burke teacher —
Fred Abbott, Duncan Kirby.
B second grade. Miss L. A. Maccord teacher
— Gertrude Lenjwlnal, Frances Feeney, Willie
Borden. Dorothy Feedle/ Walter Cllne; .
A, second grade. Miss L, A. Maccord teacher
— Henry Fricke. „
B, second grade. Miss M. Brlerton teacher —
Roy Edstrom, William McCann.
A. second grade. Miss M. Brlerton teacher^ —
Marie McCormlck, Mary Williams, Clarence
Ifearn. George Knowlton, . Carroll Crowley.
A second grade. Miss S. M. McGorey teacher
—Maggie Warnock, Rose Kornetz, EJvie Jack
pon Augusta EgpTt. David Schubert, Chester
Hancock, . Ralph Banrer. .
A. second grade. Miss M. H. Real teacher —
William Brooks, Mabel Hart. Ellen Stermer.
B, first grade. Miss K. Shepheard teaoher—
Joseph Russell, Georfce Guntll. Aliie Adams.
Willie Ijunsman. Violet Ramsey, Mabel
Ritchie Dorothy Curien. Marlon Cucher, Mi
nerva Howe. Mary Kuhsick, Charlie ,Lachele,
Joseph Feder.
B first grade. Miss M. Simon teacher—Pau
line' Strohmaler. Mary Gragu!«lc. Ethel Hart,
Isabel Reid. Emily Vincent, LesJle Hancock.
Howard McIIurh.
A first grade. Miss K. E. Kean teacher-
Clara Wilklns Katie Llebhardt, Enid Alpers,
Ethel Buchanan. Ruth Carlyon, Myrtle Mul
laney Constance Petersen. Alice Kennedy.
A first grade. Miss A. Hinds teacher-
Thomas Mangan. Edward Baxter. Albert MaL
if\ Hazel McIIugh, . Merle Kennedy. Frances
Mamlar Ula I^andls. Annie Weintraub.
Miss R. P. Lewis, teacher— Graduates to
grammar school from B filth grade to A sixth
grade: George Redcay. H.; James Jorgenson,
H.J Marguerite Doyle. H. ; Harold Hancock,
Harry Taylor, Frank Kress; Jennie Sexsmlth,
H. ; Henry Lunemon, Paul Wittcke, Herbert
Meanwell, Raymond Partridge, John Merrlck,
Hllma lijoruiHH, Sydney Goane, Ruth Wolff,
ClariFse Mansfield, Frank Johnston.
B fourth grade — Miss E. A. Cove, teacher:
Honorarles — Etta Marks. Gertie Norton, Lily
Redcay, Katy Lachele.
A fourth— Miss L. M. KInney, teacher:
Mary Warnook. Lily Schonbeck, Mabel Ays
cough, M >llle Levy, Adrien Baule?. Annie
Cronen, Anna Stack. Barbara Bloome.
A fourth grade-^-Mlss N. G. Walsh, teacher:
Gertrude Spencer Stella Nolan. Isabel Flynn.
B third grade— Miss N. G. Walsh, teacher:
Robert Seise. Herbert Stockton, Anita Luns
man, Alice Goane, - Rose O'Connor, liesslo
Corey, Sophie Goldflnger.
B third grade— Miss A. L. Hornsby, teach
er: Louis Steinmetz, Carl Glllett, Francis
McCluskey, Albert Bund. Ethel Tank, Ruby
Nelson, Viola Gibson, Bessie Lamont,' Dora
Levin, Hazel Tiedman, Ina Arvonen.
Miss E. A. Krontin, teacher — Promoted from
A fifth to B fifth: Lily Cordano, Alice Cas
sas9us, Alice Crelghton. Anna Feeney, Bessie
GoMberg Adeline GUgenkrantz, Hazel Jank
roger. LllUan Howe; Mabel HUllr. H.; Clara
Kendriok, Isabel Lowery, Annie Landau, Mary
Musln Rebecca Marks, May Miller, Winifred
Rlley. Sadie Roach, Harriet Scholten; Irene
Skofleld. H.J Sarah Ulrich, Alice Vlnal, Lena
Wing, Arthur Andrewsen, Harry Andrewsen;
George Alpers, H.;- Harry Dawson, Alfred
IKitUe, Jack Daughney, Otto Casey, Charles
Hlles; William Jackan, H.; Jacob Kramer,
Frt'U Xickelseu. Isadora Kiga, Joseph Regan,
Ivo Fabrls.
Miss A. F. Sprague, teacher— Graduates to
grammar school from 13 fifth grade to A'dxth
grade: Irene Bickley, H. ; Mary Cody, H.;
Annie Cailoquras. May Christiansen, . Ethel
Evans; Mary Fraser, H.; Marguerite Qarrlty;
Irene Gardiner, H.; Ethel Jones, Ruth King,
ltuby Jacobson; Xettle Korb. H.; Stella Mean
well. Patrice O'llair, Lydla Stack, Clara Wie
busch. Harvey Bill. Abe Caspar, Eddie Cam
pion, William Eggert, David Gurutz, Hurry
Hanson. Garnet Halliday, Walter Hollwig,
Frank Lowery, Isadore Levy; George Larson,
H.; Adolph Muhuin, H.; Frank O'Rourke, H.;
Emll Pradles. Sydney Rosenthal. Peter Rqu
inas, Gerbert Sorenson, Lloyd Tracey, Ray
mond Tannian, Gussle Weggenraann.
Graduating exercises of the Whittier
School. Miss E. E. Stincen principal,
were of a most interesting kind, and
those who won honors were heartily ap
plauded. The list of graduates follows:
Rcbbins, Jennie de Santi, Amelia
Boehrlnger, Loretta Harrington, Joseph
O'Day, Ignatius Savage, Emma Rahl
mann. "Medals were awarded, to A.
Robbins, J. de Santl, A. Boehringer and
L. Harrington.
Hard Won Honors Are Most Giaciously
Bestowed and- Students Delight Their
Army of Friends With Entertainments
GRADUATING EX ERC I SES
CONTINUE TO INTEREST
Continued From Page Fifteen.
Fires Shot at Neighbor.
Edward. Maxey of 3816 Mission
street arid Edward Baker of 3826 Mis
sion Btreet engaged ' in a row last
night and Maxey fired a shot at Baker.
The bullet passed through Baker's
coat, but did no damage. Baker re
ported the matter to the Seventeenth
street police station, but the officers
failed to locate Maxey last night.
Patrick McKeone (owner) with James A.
McDonald (contractor), architect M. J. Welsh —
All work for a two- story frame building (two
flats) on W line of Alabama street. 79 N of
Twenty -first. N 25 by XV 50; $3500.
George Underwood (owner) with W. K.
Kenny (contractor). architect— All worlt
I' except mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a
two-story frame building, stable In rear, on
N line of California street. 57:6 E of Eleventh
avenue, E 25 by N 100; $.1540.
Schmiedell Estate (owners) with John G.
Sutton & Co (contractors)} architect Nathaniel
Blaisdell — Steam heating plant for alterations
and additions to a six-story and basement briclc
building on NE corner of Montgomery and Clay
streets. E 97:6 by N eS:9; $1912.
i Same owners with Otis Elevator Company
• (contractors) architect same — One passenger
and one side'walk elevator for same on same;
I $4075
I Em'lllo F.. Ella M., Charlotte R. Schneider
1 (owners) with Hansbrough fk Johnston (con
! tractors), architect Oliver Everett— All work
i for a two-etory frame building on NW corner
i of Twenty-third and Church streets. W 117:6
by N 37:6; $12,680. .
Builders' Contracts.
Minnie Beck to Palomares Land Company,
commencing at point where line beginning at
point on S lino of C street 107:6 E of Forty
flrst avenue and running S and parallel with
E line of Forty-first avenue Intersects K
boundary line of land of second party, which
boundary line begins at point on S line of C
street 111:9 E of Forty-flr»t avenue and run
ning SW, thence S to point 100 S of C street.
E 12:6, S 175, W to land of second party. >E
to beginning; $10. 2
- Thomas and Daisy Schad to Edward Weln
lander. lot on SE corner of Tenth avenue and
H street. E 07:6 by S 100; $10.
London' and San Francisco Bank to Thomas
Bchad, lot on S line of H street. 107:6 W of
Ninth avenue. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Ernestine and Jacob Genster to Bernhard
Geti, lot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 250
8 of I street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Anna and Leon Lemos to Henry O. Meyer,
lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue. 300 S ol
L street. S 50 by E 120; $10.
Henry G and Estelle Meyer to Bernhani
Getz, same; S10.
Joseph F. C. and Emma S. Hoiroyd to James
H. Johnston, lot on W line of Eighteenth ave
nue 175 N of O street, N 25 by W 120: $10.
Robert and Theresia Trost to Andrew and
Vendla Johnson, lot on S line of Army "treet.
34i*:U% B of Mission, E 24:11% by S 113.
Preclta Valley. 8S and 89; $10.
Julius C Kels to Martha L. B. wrenn. lot
9, block 2. Reis Tract; grant.
Louis and Amanda Westerhmd to William
C. Hamerton. l«t 25. gift map 3; $10.
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to Melt
J and Wilhelmlna Hoffmeyer. same; $10.
Masonic Cemetery Association to Duncan
Henderson, lot In cemetery; $103.
Julius C. P.els to Charles F. Fleckensteln.
lots 12 to 14," block 12, Rels Tract; grant.
Estate of Robert H. Pearson (by He_nry F.
Williams., executor) to W. W. Wilson, lots
8 to 11, 30 to 39 block 41, lots 13 to 21.
block 348, lots 8 to 20, 29 to 40. block 3S0.
lots 39 to 47. block 881, O'N. and H. Tract;
also lots 2 and 3 block 400. South San Fran
cisco Homestead' and Railroad Association;
$1775. '
W W. and Katherine G. Wilson to S. Ducas
Company, lot on NE line of Twentieth avenue,
25 SE of S street, SE 225 by NE 100. lots
39 to 47. block 3S1, O'N. and H. Tract; $10.
Isaac Salomon to Tllden Tognazzlnl. lpt on
S line of San Bruno avenue. 125 S of Sllnman,
S 17:6 by W 100 block 2: also lot on W line
of San Bruno avenue. 175 S of Sllliman, S 67:6
by W 120, block 2; also lot on W line of San
Bruno avenue 107:6 N of Felton. N 50. w^
120, S 57:6. E 20. N 7:R. E 100. all In block
2, University Mound; $1000.
on B line of Jones street, 107:6 S of Pacific 8
M&W$*j^ r s -' pheIps i0 m
of Cordelia WlllouEhby (by John H.
Fowier. executor) to George A. e °. st f. r ' „:
en SU- corner 00-vara lot 12 U and N line or
Chestnut street N J::7:6 by E €»:'.>: flO.OW-
John A. Millrr to Kdwarrf C. Harrison, undi
vided' trntn of lot on W line of Te " ne^ s .^. e
street, 25 8 of Eighteenth. S 25 by W 100; ?iu.
Harriet P. Cristy to Owen-M. Erennan lot
on XE corner of Sixteenth avenue nnd Califor
nia street. E 225 by N, COO; $10.
Owen M. Brennan to Jonn A. Weston, same,
$10.
Bay District Land Company to Gottlieb T.
Knopf. lot on N\V>^orner of Third avenue ana
B street S 05 by WsjyO; 510. ,
Harriet R. and James" Vint to Helen M. Is
bcll (wife of-G.). lot on N line of B street.
07:6 W of Seventh avenue, W 25 by X 100; *lt>.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
14
H CALIFORNIA ||
Eg LIMITED TO CHICAGO 0
|^ LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS H
H at !):3O a.rm., thxoufflx in 3 days, H
M with diner and all trapping!. II
Other Santa Pe Trains:
7:30 a. m.1 f Or Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfleld,
8-00 £ mj eTC^' Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Oraad Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICE&— €41 Market St. and
Terry Depot, S. P. Alao 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 South Pirvt St..
San Joae.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEE
UH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIF13
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Perry, Poot of Market Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SAUT BAPAEL.
WEEK DATS — 7:30. 8:00, 9:00. ll:0O a. m.:
12:33, 2:30, 3:40, 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7-.30. 8:C0. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
,2:30. 3:40, 5:10. 6:30, il:30 p. m.
SAN BAPAEL TO SAN PBANCXSCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:30. 8:20.
11>15 a. m.; 12:50.- t2:00. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20.
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45
p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:60. 7:33, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1U3,
3:40, 4:50, 5:00, 3:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m. fEx-
ctpt Saturdays. .
Leave J In Effect I Arrlvs
San Fran, f May 1, 1904. | Ban Fran.
"Week I Sun- I Destlna- I . Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | • tlon. |. days. | Daj-s^
~7T30"a I 7 :43 a~7 7*5 a
7:30a 8:C0a 8:40a 8:40a
8:00a 0:30a Igmaclo. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 6:10 p ! 6:20 p 7:25 p
¦ ¦M,.r i'i 7:25 p
L_ 8 1 4S J? _!
7:30 a 7:30 a - 7:45 a" 7:45 a
8:C0a 8:00 a NoTato, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:80 p v d 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p_
7 ;30 a 7:30 a I 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:0tVa Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7-:30a HealdsburK. 10:20a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p^ Geyservllle, 7:23 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
~7:h<fa|T-30~a| Hopland |10:2Oa|10l26~i
¦2:30 p| 2Sa0p| antl Uklah. | 7 :25 p| 7:25 p
. ¦ I ¦• ~|~ Wllllts. j I
7:.T0a! 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
~S:00~ar8:00~aj Guernevllle and |iO:20a|iO:20a
2:30 pj 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 pj 6:20 p
*R:COa "sTcOal , |"8:4Oa| 8:40a
5:10 p' 0:30 a| Sonoma. I 6:0Op| G:2Op
5:10pj Glen Ellen. | 8:45 p|
7 :."0 af "TsTal 110:20 a|10:20~i
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol._ | 7:25p| 6:2Op
STXGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and ' Mark West' Springs: at
Fulton for' Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs >
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone- !
vll!«- and Greenwood: at Honland for Duncan i
Springs, . Highland Sprtnp«, Kelseyville. Carls- I
bad Springs. Soda Itay. Lakerort and Bartlett 1
Springs; at tJklah.for Vichy Sprinss". Saratoga !
-Sprlnjr?, Ulu* Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter 1
Spring?. l'PJ>rr Lakt>. Trmo. Potter Valley '
John Pay's, nivcrsldc, Liprley - s, Backnell's. !
Vanhclrin HpIrMs. Hullvlllo. Orr's Hot
Srrirgs. Ha'fway House.' i'onptche. Camp
Pte^rctu*, HorVina. Monirvcino City, Kort Bra~ir i
Wfvtl^.rt. Usr.l: at Wiillts for Fort lirnss.
iAWrtiwrt, S-h»rwrc1. r 1( hto. Cnvelo. Lxyton-
vllle. CumralM. IVTTs Sprlnss. Harris. Olsens
l-yer. Carberville. Pcpi>er»ootl. Scotia and Eu-
reka. - ;
Saturday - to Monday round-trip tickets at re- '
On Sundj>y!i— Round-trip. tickets to all points
beyond tfan Rafael at half rates. •
Tlckrt Offlce. «K0 Market street. Chronicle
but lil in?. '
JAS. L. FUAZIER. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager.' Gen. Pass. Agt.
RAJIAVAYJTRAVELte
# Trains 1esr« and »r* dm*
toarrW.at
SAN FRANCISCO.
FBO1I JC3f I 1. 1904.
F«!t»T DlTOT
(Toot of Msrkw Street)
!¦'«"» - MAIN LINE. -a««™'
I 7 00a V«csTl«e. Winter*. Knm«ey 7-60»
! 7 00a Benlcla. Snlsttn. Kirolrs snd 8s«ra-
•mento -i-v- '•*0»
7 .30a Vsllejo. K»p«. CalUtoe*. Santa
Kara. MsrtJnei. 8»b IUraon 620*
7 3Ca Ntle». L!»ermore. Tracy. Lathrofe
Stockton 7-2t>
1.00a Sbssw Express — (Vl» Darts).
WltllsiRi (for Bsrtlett Springs*. .
Willow*. tFrnto. Hed Dlaff.
Portland. Tsconaa, Seattle 7.5W
0OOA DutIs, Wood! nod. K niehts Landing.
ftfnrriTtlle. Oro»U!e •.... 7-6C*
B-30A Port Cotts. Martinez. Aotloen.
Brron. Tracy. 8tockton. }*••-
man. Los Bano*. Mend at a,
Annon*. Hsnford. Vlsslts.
• rorterrllle ...." 4.2OP
f-MAPoTt Costa. Lsthrop. Modest*,
Merced. Tresno. «o»nen Jono-
tton. Hsnford. Vlsslla. Bskers-
Held •-•- ••- «-5»*
8.30a Nll«». 8»n Jose, Urermore. Stock-
ton, (t Milton). lone. S»er»»teiito.
Flacer»!!ie. MsrysTflle. Cnlco, ___
Ke.1 Blnft*. 4.Z0P
830a Otkdtle. Chinese. Jamestown. So- ,
nor*. Toolumne sn« An*»!s * *5*
B.COa Atlantic Kxpress-Oirden *nd E«m. 1120a
9.30a Richmond. Msrtlnes and Wsj
Station* *-60m
10 C0A The Overland Limited — Ogdea,
Denver. Ootbt, CUJctm. ,5582
1000a V.llejo 12.20*
10-OCa Les Ans-eles P«»»esg«r — Port
Costa, Sfartloe*. Prroa, Trser.
T.ftthrcp. Stockton. Meree*. ' /-
KsrmoaJ. Kreiao, Go*hen Juno-
Jfon, Huford, Lemoore. Vlsslls. t^
Bftkenttold. Lo» A»g«le. ....... {*"•
12.00*1 Hsjward. Nile* find VTay Stations. 3.2J>
t100P Baeraracnto Kl»er Stonsnert T11.00*»
3-30P Benlcla. •Winter*. S»cr«»e«M>
A?oo<Uand. Knights Landing.
HarysTflle. OroTlIls snd wsy
•tAt*t)3S .. .¦¦¦•*»»...•••• |U'O"4
8J0P narwsrt.ii'Hes sad Waj Station*.. 7-60*
3.3fl«Tort Coat*. M*rtl««. Bjron.
Trscy. LsU>ro». Mode sin.
Meicid. DeremJs. Fresno sod
"Wst Stations beyond Port Co*ia 1i.Z0»»
830p Toseraite Valley, vis Berends snd
Wawons : - JHX*
530p Martlnex. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... TOZOA.
4.00PMsrtln«s,S*nR»raon.VsIleJo,Nsp«, ¦
Csll»totis.8«nuKoas... ?'2?i
4 OOP 5Ue*. Trscr. Stocktea. Lodl ...... 4.20s>
4-30P Usyward. Nlles. Irrlngton. San I tJ-»O*
Jo»e. Ll»ermore » tii.BOA
• XGPTbe Owl Llnalied— Wewmsn. Lo«
B*no*. Met**ot». Fresno. Tulsre.
Balcersoeld.LosAngstes *S2*
MOp ran Co* es, Tracy. 8tocktosj .„..-. 1 Z-20*
15 3Cp Hsywsrd. Miles sad Ssn Joie ..... 7 20*
6-G0PBsywsrd.Nr.es and 8 an Joae 9 60*
fiXCp Eastern Rxpre«s— Ovdtn. Denver.
Omaha. St. Lout*. Chlcaeo and
Kast. via Fort Out*, ttaisoa.
Klralro. DstI*. Sacr»anen£o. Col-
fax. Keno... B 20«»
B.COp TaJlelo. daily, except Sunday.... {, 7 ¦»¦>
7 02p Vsliejo. Snndsy only f t *» w
74JCPKIchmond. Ssn PaWo. Port Costs,
, Maruaes sod Way Stations 11.2a*
7C0p Oregon * Callfarnls Expra**— Sa»-
rasnento, XUrytTllIe. ReddlOK.
Portland, Pnget S««ad and K**i. 1504
8 0&PKeno PaMengcr— Part Costa, Soi-
, son. Kirnlri. DstIs. Sacramento. >
Tmckee. Lake T«aoe. snd Wsy
Stations beyoml Sacrsmento.... 7-504
I.IOp Bsywsrd. K!le* snd 8*n Joie (3na-
_; daynly) 11S0*,
COAST LINE <>arri»w Uasgs).
(Kaot of Market Street.)
7.46a SsataCra{Kxcur«lon(9nndayoPly) BIO*
S.ibA Newark. OeaterTllle. Ssn Jose,
Feltoa. Bonlder Creek. B!cBa*tn.
Sania Crux ami Way Stations... 5 55**'
t9-15A AlTarsdo. Newark. San Jose. Los
6ato*,Glenwood. Felton, Bonlder
Creek. Pg Bsaln. Sants Crnx.... t 10*
IS-ISpKewsrk, Centerrllle. San Jose.
New Almaden. Lo* 6 ato*. Feltoa.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cras snd
Principal Way Station* 10*55*
4-16p Newark. 8«n Jose, Los Oato* and
wsyitstlon* t3 55*
4-15P Wright. y-!tnn. Boolder Creek snd
Santa. Cruz. Saturday and Snnday
only ftf-65*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN rKAhCJSCO, Foot. or Market St. 1 SilpU
—17:19 I:U> 11:00 a.m. 100 300 515 p.m
Ttma OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t»:(w n:t»
18:05 10:00 A.m. 1 200 200 400p.m.
COAST LINE dlraaii Uaasjev
BT (I bird and Towaaesd Streets.)
' 8.10a Smi Jote and Way 9t»tlom B^iCi
17- 00a San Jo»e and Way Station* 5 40»
7.15a Monterey nnd Sasta, Cruz Excirr-
•1on (Saoday only) 1030*
8 00a New Almaden (Tue*., Frid.. only). 4-Ta*»
8 GO a Tbe Coaster—Stop* only San Jo*e.
GUroy (connection 'for nollis-.
ter). Psjsro. Castrovllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
snd Psctfle (irove). Bsllnss. Saa
Ardo. Paso Roblea. Santa Mar-
garita. San LnlsOblcpo, principal
station* thence Ssrf (connection
for Lompoc), principal itatlocs
thence Sants Barbara, San Baenar
venutra. Montslro. O* n vrd. Bur-
bank. Lo* Angeles ID 49*>
• .00a Ban Jo*e. Tres Plnoa, Capitols,
BaataCrQz.l'actacUrGve.SAlloaa,
San Lai* Obtipo snd 1'riaclp*;
Way Station* 4.10*
10-3Ca Ssn Jose and Wsy Stations 1.20*
IIJOaBsbU Clara, Ssn Joie. Los (istei
sad Way Station* 7.30»
14Cp Saa Jo*e asd Way Station* 136*
t34<CpDel Monte Kxprnas— flanta Clara,
Can Jote. Del Moat*. Uoaterey.
Pacific Grove (rovnect* at Santa
Clara, exrept Sasday, for Sants
Cras. BoaMer Creek and X arrow
Giiaze Potato) 12.1I>
I-3CP PaclUi- Grove Way Psxseaf er. B'ir-
linsrame. Sun Joie «od Way Stv
tloru. connect* st Gllrov for Hoi-
l!*ter. Trea Pino*, at Psjaro fnr
Capitols, Santa Cras st Castro-
Tllle for Salinas. 1045*
4.30P Pan Joae snd Way Stations tS-OO*
tS 00p 6*nta> Clara, dan Jo«e. Los Gstoe.
Wright and principal Wsy ssa-
Uou* (except Sunday) 1900*
15 30p SaaJoaeandPrlnclpalWayStstioo* ii.41*
6 4S*» fioDMt Express.— Kedwood. Saa
Jo*e,Gtlruy.Sallnaa,Pasol:oblei.
"* Ban Lola Oblapo. Saota Barbara.
Loa Angele*. Demlng. £1 Paso,
New Orieana. New York. Con-
* Beets at Pajaro for Santa, Crw
and st Caitrottlin for Faelflo
OroTe and Way Station* 718*
tfl-ISP Esnilsteo,Bere*rord,Uelmsat,8sa . -
Carlos, he J wood. Fair Oaia, . ' » t
llenloPark. Pal* Alto TS-<<>A
8 30p Ban Joie snd Way Stauoos. fl.3a*
8-OOp P»<0 Alto and Way Station* I11.1II
11 .30p South SanFrtncn.-o. MU!br»e, Bur-
llagame. Saa Mateo. Belmont.
Ban Carlo*. Uedwood, Fair Oaks,
Mealo Park, sad Palo Alto...... s 45,
•11 3Cp Usjrfleld. Uoaatars Tlew. Soaay-
Tsle. Lawrence, Ssata Clars asd
San Jew tS 45»
,. Af«rMorulnr. P for Afternoosw '
Ifanday exoepted. J 8oad»r oorr
« Satarda; «*ily. » Monday only.
I tttop* st all (MtlOBS oa Saaday,
Cum; trala* *toi>plnji at Valencia St. ss«tkbssm«
f^^^^pl TOSANRAFAEL
SsSMSI^ ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
GAZADERO, Eta
IE55«i£S»»i2!*ai*i£} Tia S*a««llto Terry.
SUBURBAM SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, weelc days, at
6:30. 7:10, 7:43. 8»30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:C© a. m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausalito only). 12:20. 1:43, 3:15.
4:00. 4:33, 3:13, 5:50, «:23, 7:15, 9:00. 10:20.
11:35 p. ra. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at 7:10. 7:43. S:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a. m.. 12:20. 1:CO. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15, 4:00. 4:35.
5:15. 5;io. 6:23. 7:15. 8:13, 9:00, 10:20. 11.33
d. m.
Arrive at Ean Francisco week, days, 6:17.
7:00 7:35. 8:15, 8:45 t 9:35, 10:30. U:05 a. m..
12:05. 1:23. 2:50, 3:>Z. 4:20. 5>C3. 5:40. 6:15,
6:55. 7:55. 10:03. 11:23 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45.
2:C3. 8:50 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. ra..
3:15 p. m. 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:43. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00.
11:00 11:40 a. m., 12:20. 1;00. 1:43, 2:50. 7:13
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIX3.
7:43 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
9:15 a. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
3:15 p. m.. dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero, etc.
5:15 p. m.. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc. .
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
etc.
8:15 p. m., Sundays only — For Cazadero, eta.
TICKET OFFICE— 620 Market «t.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Mark-t at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lesre Yi» VihIHi Ferrji Arrive
San Francisco y»»t «f **r\tt ?t. San Francisco
Week Sun- sftiu- Week; '
T*y^. days. /JSKJsS&V «1»t». Dsyn.
"~TT~8 30l &*$3>Mft U-^'r ~8:45 I
....10:00a FfCS&iSS^J 205p*1105\
10:00 a 11:00 a V^r^r^^/ " 3:35 r 3:35 p
1:45 p-, 12:20 r Nfer^ja/ 5:40 r 6:15?
5:15 r\ l:«Bp W*X 6:15 r 10:05*
' *:3&p 8:50r
¦ Ti» CraTit} Cur. ' Tasulpab U lin UVtr.
Ticket J62t> Mahkut St. (North Shore RailromO
Orrtcis i«nrt Sacsalito Firkt. Foot*lsrketSt.
SAXKEY*S DOUBLE HEADER*
FranJt H. Speannan's MaRnlfl-
cent Indian Character Shown
in One of His Most Thrill-
ing nnd Pathetic Rail-
road Stories.
NEXT SUNDAY CA1X.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
~^ Tl'E WESTMINSTER.
S d^F ; n^bay^S^ T s?S
other rooms.
HAWTHORNE. 172, near n*" 1 "™— pl '"*«"i
room for your.s lady, with board, In private
house ; reafonat>!e. ¦
GKARY 1003— Neatly furnished rooms, with
board;' reasonable; home cooking; phoue
Butter 1C2« : __
FOURTFENTH S4 — Sunny front room, 1 or 2.
heme conren.;' reag.: with or without board.
GEARY 501 Hotel ,L* Alglon— Family roora«
and board: entirely renovated: reas. prices.
HOWARD. S4IA — Firrt-class board and room.
tingle cr double. t&-tC wk.; American family.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call 16 rwres. pent to any address In ths
irr.it'ofl Staten rr (^sr.wda one year for II.
ROOMS AKP nOARO AVAXTED.
FINGLE room and board wanted in a flrst-
cl«e« hotel or boardlrc-house. Box 1R8. Call.
STOniCEAXD WAREHOUSES.
A-^GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage.
packing shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
N«ss; offlce 1170 Market, r. 43; tel.South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored moved, shipped, 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 1C1.
PIERCE-RODOI-PH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice PoM. and Powell sts.; tel. PrlT. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storac* — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East l-«.
GOLDEN Wert Storage: advances made. 6*0
Mission st.; tel. Howard 9*1. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage end Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackyon 2S1.
HEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
rt.; tel. Main 1S40. Shlprtiig at tut rates.
SEWIXG MACHIMZS AM) SIPPMES.
IjOMESTIC — The machine for family use; bes-t
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market gt.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: Eilghtly used; J10. $10. $20; second-
hand. $3, $5, $S; all »tyle«; guaranteed. NVw
Hem* Sewing Machine Co.. 1OT.1 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pe«*s. e«"nt t0 ar 5' address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SPECIAL. KOTICEfl^
L. CAMINO & CO. Italian and French Soap
Factory. 1051 Montgomery st.. will hereafter
be known es the Alexander Cravlotto & Co.,
on ssifl after June 8. 1904. Alexander Cravi-
otto & Co. having purchased all the Interest
of said L. Camlno & Co.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESsTand NOISES in EAR3
poelttvely cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
taent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Rutt-- st.
STlTTERlivG AND STAMMERING.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness & Market,
ir taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne In U. S.; private: established 3
years in S. F. Tel. Mint 2626 from 1 to 5 p.m.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. f^5; other typewriters at
htgber and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting ExchaT.ge, 63ti California St.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticular* cf L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mcnt-
gomery St.
CI>-HANI> typewriter* fold, rented, repaired.
Wfbfter TypewrtnV Ir.ppec. Co., 508 Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
EAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. .'.:!. floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 708 Market et., opposite Third —
F«r the half year ending 31st of December.
1903 a dividend has been declared at the
rate' ptr annum ol (12) twelve per cent on
capital rtock and participating certificates,
flee of taxes payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1904 JOSEPH A. LEGN-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
I'ROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS — State Prison Supplies — Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of
the Clerk at the State Prison. San Quentin.
until 10:30 a. m.. SATURDAY, the ISth day
cf June. 1904, arM at the office of the Clerk
cf tbe State Prison at Folsom until V:M a.
ra SATURDAY, the 25th day of June,
1-J04 at which times and places they will
b« opened In the presence of bidders, for
lurniehing and delivering supplies for said
prlsc^s, consisting of subsistence stores,
forage, fuel, fuel oil, furnishing power to
run the Jute mill and electrical appliances
lor Jute mill at San Quentin. clothing, med-
icines, lime, cement and other staple sup-
plies, from July 1. 1904. to June 30. ia05. in-
' elusive, on conditions as per printed sched-
ules which will be furnished upon applica-
tion at either of the above offices. No bid
will be considered unless made upon said
schedules, cor unless accompanied by the
certified check therein required, nor from
¦cy other parties than bena fide dealers in
the clauses of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well known and re-
sponsible backing house for at least 10 per
cent cf the amount of bis bid. payabie to
the President of the Board, conditioned that
the bidder will enter Into a contract upon
notice of acceptance, as required by law.
Bids for either prison mutt be marked sep-
arately. All payments made on contract will
be paid in each or Controller's warrants.
Bidders ¦will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules. The Board reserves the
right to reject any or all bids, as the public
Ir.terest may require, and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President. J. M.
OLIVER. Clerk. •
PROPOSALS for bell fling materials — Office
Depot Quartermaster, 36 New Montgomery
St.. San Francisco, Cal.. June 10 1904 —
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, subject to
usual conditions, will be received here until
11 o'clock a. ra. (Paciflc standard time),
June 20, 1804, and then opened, for furnish-
ing lumber, doors, cash, cement, etc. ' Pref-
erence will be given to article!?" of domeetlo
production or manufacture, condition of price
and quality being equal (Including In the
price of foreign production the duty there-
on). The United States reserves right to
reject or accept any or all bids or any part
thereof. Blank proposals and further In-
formation furnished on application. Dn-
velopes containing proposals should be In-
dorsed "PropoeaJs for Building Materials
No. 4559" and addressed to MAJOR C A.
DEVOL, Q. M.. U. 8. A.. Depot Quarter-
master. ¦ .
SIAKRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wers issued
yesterday:
Slgmund "W. Ottenhelmer. 29. lT7e Post
street, and Besse L. Nordman, 22, 2SS9 Bacra-
xnento etreet.
Claude Beaeon. 22. steamer City of Puebla,
«sd Lucy c. Hazklns. 16, S28 Braanaa street
Louis G. Kraker. 23. £01 Golden Gate ave-
nue, aad Mabel A- Eearey, 21, J612 Mission
street.
Thomas W. Benson. 23. 313 Gough street,
said Rose C Stock. 18, 17 Hickory avenue.
William H. Schnltrer. S3, New York City.
sjr.a Jeanne Levy, 21, city.
John H. Small, 23, Berkeley, and Elizabeth
Email. 23. 2215 Paciflc avenue.
W. Fred Nitbllr.r. 28, 416 Francisco street,
said M&rtha C. B<-njamln. 26, 1«22 Lombard.
Clarence D. Macdonald. 31, 16 Devisadero
srtreet, end E<Jlth L. Cousins. 21, 1C29 Pa-
cific amiut.
Frank E. Co!!1nr. S3, 1215 Scott street, and
Annie Conlon. 23. 1201 Scott street.
William E. Hughes, 2L 119 Third street, and
Charlotte E. Borlinl, 18, 726 Valencia street.
Daniel G. Jewett, 73. HeaJdsburg. and Clara
K. fciteers, 46, "WS Seventeenth street.
William J. Kelterer, 30, 3381 Mission street,
a.n-1 Fr»da K. Kahrau. 18. ftCCB Folsom street.
BIRTHS— MAREIA&ES— DEATHS.
Firth, merriare .and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They muet be handed
•n at either cf tbe publication offices and be
indorsed with the name snd residence of per-
sons Authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted dimply to the announcement
nt the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BOKX.
CAMPBELL— In Alameda. June 10. 1904, to
th'- wife cf G. Lindsay Campbell, a son.
RICHARDSON— In this city. June 8, 1004. to
the wife of L. V. Richardson of Byron, Cal.,
H EOIV.
PAGER— In thi* city. June 3, 1904, to the wire
of H. Facw, a daughter.
SCJINEE— In this city. June 10, 1904, to the
wile of Marcus Schne". & daughter.
XVEISGERBER— In thl* city. June 9, 1904, to
the wife of William Weisterber. a daughter.
MARRIED.
rjrTTER— FIDDES— In this city, June 8,
~ii«H, by the Rev. J. A. Hollars. Benjamin
I- VfUer and- Elizabeth B. Fld'les, both of
«V:« city.
MERRILL— PEP.CIVAL— In this city, June 8,
I'.tW, by the Rev. L. C Kanford. Uilman
JUrlln Merrill and Lois Irene Percival.
8STAHLC— JANKOWEKA — In this city. June
«:, l'.W4, by tbe Itev. George W. White, pastor
« entral M. K: Church. Alfred L. Stable of
ibis city nnd Vrra B. Jaukontka of Fresno.
TVIIiPON— MrH ARGUE— In (his city. June 0,
1»<»4. by the lt«-v. Oorge W. -White, pastor
<>ntral M. E. «'hurrh, Symington Wilson of
San Jose and iiary Mcliargue of this city.
DIED.
Bailey. Honsen H. McCarthy. Peter .
Beinard. Flavle L. McGrath. Catherine
Bruckner. Gustave Moore, Daniel W.
De Guerre. Chas. W. Moran. Mrs. Rose
Dunn, Mary Rich, Mary G-
Krwln, Annl> Bchnater, John
Franklin. Caroline Shrader. Henrietta
Kalrer. Errst Max Sullivan. Jeremiah
Keraly. Mary Thomson. Annie
Kilkenny, Susan . Tully, Cathertne
McCarthy, Jeremiah
BAILET— In the City and County Hospital.
June 10. 15)04. Honsen II. Bailey, a native
of Virginia, aeed 31 years.
BERNARD— In this city, June 9. 1904. Flavle
Lucle. bfioved child of Isidore and Gabrri e
Bernard, and sinter of I>uicln and. Emile
Bernard, a native of Chicago, ared 11 years
7 months and 9 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral bunday.
June 12, at 10 o'clock, from th» residence of
her parents, 15$ clipper street. Interment
• Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
BRUCKNER— In this city. June 10. 1904,
GuEtave Adolob. dearly beloved and only
son of Frano!s?a and the late JoseDh Bruck-
ner, and brother of loulse- Bruckner, a na-
tive of Germany, oged 24 years and 23 days.
DE GUERRE— In this city. June 8, 1904.
Charles W beloved husband cf Jennie de
Guerre, and son of the lute George. W. and
Mary de Guerre, and father of George
Wilson <ie Guerre, and sjn-in-law of George
W. Winner, a native of £an Francisco, aged
21 y^ars 10 months and IS* days.
C7"Th« fun;ral services will be held to-
day" (Saturday), at 10:80 o-clock, • at his
late residence 200 Missouri etreet. corner of
Klgnteenth. Interment private, at Cypress
Ijiwn Cemetery.
DUNN'— In this city, June 0, l»04. Mary, be-
loved wife .if the late John Dunn, and loving
mother "f Philip J-. John J. and Charles A.
Dunn. Mrs. L. C. Beckwith. Mrs. J. A.
Murphy and the late James A. Dunn, aina-
tive of Fonnoy, County Cork, Ireland, aged
ta years 9 months and 24 days.
I mTTrlends and acquaintance s are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Satirday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
l.-.rs of McKadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission street, thence tn St. Joseph's Church
for services at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ERWIX— In ihls city. June 9, 1004, Annie,
d<arly*b<?lov<>d wife of Andrew I* Erwin,
anil sister of Joseph Schwartz, a native of
New York, agpd 47 years 10 month* and i:t
days. A member of Oriental Rebekah Lodge
No. 90, I. O. O. F., and Cypress -Circle No.
14. U. A. O. D. (Nevada and Ft. Lawrenc»
County. N. Y.. papers please copy.)
JC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Sunday). June 12, at 2 o'clock, from Odd
rellows' Hall, corner Seventh and Market
etreetJ", where services ¦ will be held under
t the auspices of Oriental Rebekah Lodge No.
90, I. O. O. F. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by electric funeral car' from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth.
FRANKLIN— In this city. June 10. 1904.
Caroline, beloved wife of Abraham Franklin,
and mother of Mrs. M. Groves, Mrs. C.
Kplngler, Mrs. A. Sllvey. Mrs. M. Manning
and Minnie, Abe and Julius Franklin, a na-
tive of Poland, aged 57 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). June 12. at 10 p'elock. from her
late residence, 12 Roach street, off Filbert,
near Taylor. Interment New Salem Cem-
etery. •
KAISER— In this city, June 8. 1904. Ernst
Max, beloved husband of A. Elizabeth
Kaiser, and father of Emily and Fred
Kaifer. a native of Saxony, Germany, aged
41 rears 9 months and 17 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Doutrcher Krieger Verein and Gam-
brinus Verein are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, from Bnai B'rith Hall. HM Eddy
street, where -,funeral services will be held
under the auspices of Deutscher Krieger
Vrrein. Remains at the parlors of Theodor
DIerkp 957 Mission street, between Fifth
find Sixth. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cem-
etery.
KERALT— In this city. June 10. 1904. Mary,
dearly beloved and only daughter of Annie
and John Keraly, a native of San Francisco,
A?ed 3 months and 4 days.
KILKENNY— In this city. June 10. 1904,
Susan. ' dearly beloved wife of the late
Francis Kilkenny, and beloved motfier of
.'am. ?, William. Susan and Francln Kil-
kenny, and cister cf Mrs. Patrick Rellly. a
native of County Leltrum. Ireland. \
IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resl-
d<-nce. 459 Clementina street, between lilfth
nnd Sixth, thence to St. Patrick's Church
for sen-ices at 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. A requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her noul
Monday. June 13. at 10 o'clock, at St. Pat-
rick's Church. Krlends are Invited to attend.
MCCARTHY— In this city. June S. 1904. Jere-
miah, dearly beloved husband of Mary
McCarthy, and father of Patrick T.. Charles,
Jeremiah. Joseph and the late Daniel Mc-
Carthy and Julia Scott, and brother of Mrs.
Mary Brown. Mrs. Charles Peterson and
James and David McCarthy, a native of
Temple Bri«n North, parish of Clonkllty,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 75 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from h!*» late
residence. 428 Fulton street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at U o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McCARTHT— In this city, at 1020 Capp etreet,
June ». 1904. Peter, beloved husband of the
late Catherire McCarthy; and loving father
of Genevlev* McCarthy. Mr». Theodore C.
Hchwerin, Mr*. George W. Hall, Mrs. Charles
E. Andenwn and Dr. C. F. McCarthy, a na-
tiveof Ireland, aged 78 years.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
CEaturday), from St. James Church, where
a reauiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 8 o'clock.
Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme.tery.
McGRATH— In this city, June 10, 1904, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late Philip Mc-
Grath, and mother of P. J., Edward and
Kat» A. McGrath and Mrs. Walter Vaughn, a
native of Ireland.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the Darlors of Carew &. English. 29 Van
Ses« avenue.
MOORE — In this city, June 9. 1904, Daniel
Webster Moore, beloved father of II. W.
Moore and Mrs. Thomas Lindsay of Ogden,
Utah, a native of Newark, N. J., aged 68
}ears 10 j months and 30 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery
MORAN — In this city, June 9. | 1904. at her
residence, 72 Woodward avenue. Mrs. Rose
Moran. dearly beloved mother of Josephine
A., James D.. Edward S., Clarence B. and
Lawrence i. Moran. Mrs. John M. Hunolt
and the late Martin B. and Henry P. Moran,
a native of County Cavan, Ireland.
C7Tbe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), from Holy Cross Church. Santa
Cruz. Cal., en the arrival of the 8:15 a. in.
train (narrow gauge) from San Francisco.
RICH— In this city, June 8, 1904, Mary G..
beloved wife of the late Captain T. Rich,
and mother of Mrs. Geonre W. Crawley,
Charles Whitney of Boston, Mass., and Mrs.
Wllbun GUiett of Detroit. Mich., a native of
New York, aired 69 years 10 months and 6
days.
C7Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Saturday), at 1
o'clock, from her daughter's r*-M<J«nce, 134S
Ean Bruno avenue, between Twenty-fourth
and Twenty-fifth streets. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
SCHNATER— In this city, June 9. 1004, Joha
Schnater, a native of Oberhausen, Germany,
aged 27 years 2 months and 16 days. A
member of Court Hubertus No. 10. F. of A.
E7Rema!ns at the parlors of Gantner
Bros.. 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth.
BHRADER— In this city, Juns 11, 1004, Hen-
rietta liernlr* Shrader. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 6 months and 12 days.
EULLIVAN— In this city. June 9, 1904, Jere-
miah, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
Sullivan, snd father of Michael F., William
I, John, Jeremiah, Charles, Mary .Mar-
paret. Catherine and the late Edward J.
Sullivan, a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 66 years.
C7The funeral will take? place Sunday,
June 12. at 10 o'clock, ' from his late* resi-
dence, 109 Morris avenue, thence to 'St.
Rofc's Church for eervleca at l©:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. A solemn
requiem .high rnaas will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 9 a. m. Monday at
Et. Rose's Church. Friends are Invited to
attend.
THOMSON'— In this city, June 0. 1004, Annie,
beloved wire of th* late XV. J. Thomson, a
native of Nova Scotia. A member of Mission
Itebekah Lodge No. 165; Ivy Chapter No. 27,
Eastern Star, and Knljcbts and Ladles of
] lonor.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, June 12, at 2 o'clock, at the mort-
uary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 247S Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 2:30 o'clock. .
TULLY— In this city, June 10. 1904, at her
residence, 89 Belcher street, Catherino
Tully, widow of the late Lucas H. Tully,
a. native of County Cork. . Ireland.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy st: Tel. South 678.Silver was lie higher.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... $4 S9
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 S3
Sterling Exchange, cables _ 4 g s v
New York Exchange, sight ..... _ <£tt
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 05
Silver, per ounce " .....: — 55%
Mexican Dollars ................. 43 q
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW TORK, June IB.— Prices of etocks
moved upward to-day rather more decidedly
and comprehensively than in any of the move
ments th&t hare developed during' the week.
The movement *a» rather obvlouely In pro
fessional hand*, but th« operations" of the
day were of a. volume and of a concerted
chararter, which made an lmx>ression that
they were in pkllled hands s.t.4 barked by re
rourcee that promised greater effects than the
tentative and timid operations to which the
recent market has befrn restricted. The mar
ket movement seemed to be the r>s«ilt of crys
tallized wertSment which has been forming for
uevcra! days of a more cheerful kind over the
general bu*ine*s outlook. The greater breadth
and etrenirth of the^movement was effective in
<Jrlvlnir in some ehorts who have not Wen Im
pressed with the smaller movements and their
buying to «>rer was a factor In extending the
advance. It vu the common opinion that (he.
buylnc «m hawd larrely on the expectation
of a ravomble report by the Acricultural De
irarunent oa the condition of the grala crops
Nczu York Stock Market.
Horn Silver 1 35( Sierra Nev • 3S
Iron Silver 1 75| Small Hopes 15
Leadvllle Con ... 02, Standard 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— U S Steel.../.... 0
Call loans 2%@3% Do pfd 54%
Time loans ...3%®4% Westing Common. 77
Bonds — Mining — • I
Atchlson 4s 100% Adventure 1
Do adj 4s 00% AJlouez 5U
Mex Cent 4s 60 Amal Copper .... 4954
Railroads— Amer Zinc" 0U
Atchlson 70% Atlantic 8
Do pfd 94% Bingham 21
Boston & Albany. 240 Calumet & Hecla.443
Boston & Maine.. 1C3 - Centennial ..18%
Boston Elev 144 Copper Range ... 41Ti
FItchburg pfd 133% Daly West 23%
Mex Central 7% Dora Coal 55U,
N Y. N H & H..1S8 Franklin 7
Pere Marquette... 78 Grancy 3U
Union Pacific 83 iele Royale .' 7%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining S%
Amer Ante Chem. 13% Michigan 3%
Do Pfd 73 Mohawk 30^
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Mont Coal & Coke 1%
Amer Sugar ....120 Old Dominion ... 12>vl
Do Pfd 125 Osceola 58*i
Amer Tel & Tel.127% Parrot '24
Amer Woolen ... 10*i Qulncy ;. $"*
Do pfd 74% Shannon 5?!
Dom Iron & S... 7 % Tamarack 90
Ed Elect Ilium.. 234*; Trinity * 3%
Gen Electric 15S% U S Mining .... 10*4
Mass Electric 18H U S Oil :.... 9%
Do pfd 71 Utah 34%
Mass Gas 39% Victoria 2
United Fruit 111% Winona .1%
Un Shoe Mach... 48% Wolverine 71
Do pfd 29U
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 90 mx T Central 117%
Do for acct 00*4 1 Nor & Western... 50
Anaconda ........ 3% Do pfd 89
AtchUon 72% Ont & Western... 25%
Do pfd P6 Pennsylvania 5?«
Bal & Ohio 81 Rand Mines 1C%
Can Pacific 121% Reading 24U
Ches & Ohio SI Do 1st pfd 42
Chi Great West.. .13% Do 2d pfd 33
Chi. Mil & St P. 145 Bo Railway 21%
De Beers 19U| Do pfd S6
Den & Rio G 20*tJ So Pacific 47-T1
I Do pfd 71% Union Pacific S6tJ
Erie 24%| Do pfd 94%
Do 1st pfd 69%|U S Steel Q%
Do 2d pfd 35% j Do pfd 65%
111 Central 133 Wabash 16%
Louis & Nash 110»i| Do pfd 35%
M. K & Texas... 16%i Spanish 4b 85»4
Bar silver — Steady, 25%d per ounce.
Money — 2W®2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 per cent and for three months'
bills 2 per- cent. Ji.s.-
Bank Clearings.
NEW TORK. June 10.— The following table,
complied by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
June », with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with corresponding week
last year:
_„ , Percentages.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec
New York $n^9, 297,684 27 4
Chicago 173,273,100 2.2
Boston 117.004.432 .... 18.8
Philadelphia 83,989,900 12 0
St. Louis 55,971.102 33.6
Pittsburg 39.950.Cfl7 24.5
San Francisco ... 27.070,033 ' 6.2 j
Baltimore 20,5>06.328 18.8;
Cincinnati 26.446,000 11.3 1
Kansas City 1S,74O,2.« 27.0 '
New Orleans .... 14.533,350 8.3
Cleveland 12,516,500 21.1
Minneapolis ..... 12.7C9.467 8.8
Detroit 10.273,349 1.7
Louisville 10,110,450 5.2
Omaha 8,115,359 8.3
Milwaukee 7.501,225 1.4 .. .
Providence 6,005,800 .... 8.2
Buffalo 6,032,428 5.3 ....
Indianapolis 5,U3O,3ft5 .... 17.9
St. Paul 5.249,930 13.1
Los Angeles 6,276,838 6.6
St. Joseph 4,596,375 4.8
Denver 4.127,324 14.1
Columbus 4,3»2.200 . 19.6 '
Memphis 4,32S.:*U)7 1.5 !
Seattle 4,496.1«6 13.3 ....
Richmond 4.R10.6O4 9.7 ....
Washington ' 5.3S4.741 19.5 ...»
Savannah 2,546,340 .... 6.7
Albany 3.677,204 .... 9.8
Portland. Or 3. ««4,29O 11.2 1
Fort Worth 2.640. 44S 23.4
Toledo. Ohio .... 3,037. 9S2 .... 2.1
Salt Lake City... 2,«9«,075 2.5 ....
Peorla 2.627,277 13.4
Atlanta 3.657.562 .3 ....
Rochester 3,140,478 10.8
Hartford 2.<»»,551 • 0.3
Nashville 2.847.902 10.2
Des Moines 2.56S.050 28.5
Spokane, Wash... 2,320.001 7.5 ....
Tacoma 1.007.174 4.9
Grand Rapids ... 1. 893.089 3.7
New Haven 2,217.661 10.5
Dayton 1.774,160 12.7 ....
Norfolk 1,782,0(14 15.8
Springfield. Mass. 1,521,383 .... 5.3
Worcedter 1.234.155 19.4
Portland, Me 1.810,238 21.4 ....
Augusta, Ga 767,468 4.1
Topeka 914,572 6.7
Sioux City 1.342,877 10.9
Syracuse 1,282,493 4.9
Evansville 1,257,081 37.2 ....
Birmingham l,31!»,790 1.9
Wilmington, Del. 002.087 .... 17.5
Knoxville 1.144,208 17.9
Davenport 1,129,403 30.6
Little Rock 807.240 9.0
Wilkesbarre SJW.882 1.3 ....
Fall River C08.M2 34.6
Macon . 832,361 .... 53.0
Wheeling, W. Va. 635.541 32.0
Wichita 1,007,3J4 36.1
Akron 876,200 it. 8
Chattanooga 746,104 1.3
Springfield. Ill 823.843
Kalamazoo. Mich. 812.732 20.8 ../..
Youngstown 497,511 31Y2
Helena 712,099 31.2 i
Lexington ....... 641, 41U 7.7 !
Fargo, N. D 4B3.117 .... 15.5 1
New Bedford .... 440,457 .... 23.5 j
Canton, Ohio C40.000 11.3
Jacksonville, Fla. 847.635 103.1
Lowell 499,703 0.4 i
Chester, Pa. 4R7.B89 10.6
Greensburs. Pa.. 440,044 5.2 I
Roekford. Ill 4t$7.795 13.3
Blnghamton 6O4.WO 13.0 .... I
Springfield. Ohio. 393.544 4.3
Bloomlngton. 111. 302.400 24.0 ....
Qulncy. Ill S52.487 3.2 ....
Sioux Falls. S. D. 3X7,804 22.2
Mansfield. Ohio... 228.133 1.8
Dera-tur. Ill 3«1.6ftO 35.7 ....
Jacksonville. 111.. • 22(i.57C 17.7
Fremont, Nebr... 168.102 .... 6.0
•Houston 9.GS6.738 5.1
•Galveeton 6,409.000 .... 10.7
Charleston. 8. C 942.059 .... 10.7
Cedar Rapids 573,490
Total*. U.S... $1,779,421,884 .... 14.2
Outside N. Y... 790,124,200 4.8
CANADA.
Montreal $23,168,899 22.6
Toronto ." 17.709,610 .... 6.7
Winnipeg 6,(<07,791 10.2
Ottawa 2.29H.749 .... 1.8
Halifax 1.897,539 15.1
Quebec 1,S.'.2,«67 1.6 ....
Vancouver. B. C 1.607.44G 29.5 ....
Hamilton 1,303,900 9.2 ....
London. Ont 051. CIO 11.2 ....
St. John, N. B 1,052,060 - 2.3 ....
Victoria, B. C 1,009,718 61.9 ....
Totals. Canada.... $58,548,022 .... 0.8
•Not Included in totals because containing
other Items than clearings. .
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, June 10.— The cotton market
; opened weak at a decline of 17 points and
i closed steady, with a net gain of 10 to 12
point*, with July leading in the advnnce
NEW YORK. June 10.— Spot closed . steady,
26 points higher. Middling Uplands 12 15c-
Middling Gulf, 12.40c. Sales, 293 bales Ful
tur-?s opened weak. July, ; ll.58c; August
11.18c; September, lO.OBc; October, 9.75c- Nc^ I
vember, i).C2c bid; December. O.COc- January 1
! 9.08c.
NEW YORK, June 10. — COTTON— Futures ¦
closed steady. June. 11.73c; July, 11.85c; Au- •
gust. 11.40c; September. 10.25c; October, 9.90c-
November. 9.S2c; December, 9.84c; January
9.89c. . "
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, June 10.— FLOUR— Receipt*
11,100 barrels; exports. 16.600 barrelst Dull
nnd partially lower. Minnesota patents. $5tf«
5 35; Minnesota bakers, $3 85@4 10; winter
straights. $4 85«5.
WHEAT— Receipts, 20.000 bushels; spot
easy: No. 2 rod. nominal elevator and $1 la
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 00%
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened firmer on show
ers In the Southwest, but - most of the day
were heavy July closed at 91%c; Septem
ber, 84%084%C closed 84%c;-December S3V.il
84e. closed 83%c. ni*
HOPS — Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Quiet. ,
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 3T*c: molassea sugar, 3%c*
refined, steady; crushed. 5.00c; powdered, 6.00c
granulated, 4.90c. - - ,
COFFEE— Steady. No. 7 Rio, : 7c. _ .- ,
The market for Coffee futures closed steady,
net unchanged. • Total sales, • 32.260 bags, in
cluding:: June, 6.70c; July, 5.76c; September,
5.05® «c; October. 6.10c; November. 6.15c; De
ct-mber. 6.25c; May, «.70c. .- . *
BUTTER— Steady. Creamery, common to
LOCAL MARKETS.
SEATTLE. June 10. — Clearings, $630 774
balance*. ?1C3,O43. , '- ' '
TACOMA^ June 10.— ae«rlng», $282,277;
PORTLAND. June 10.— Clearings $470 an
balances, ?43,046. B ' **'»•"**¦
SPOKANE, June 10. — Clearings, $313 785
balances. *30,560. '
Northern Business.
Prim* mercantile paper — 3*;&4% per cent.
Sterllr.jr exchange— Easy, with actual busj
negi, in banker*' bills at $4.87JK»@4.fc'7iO for de
mand and ex $4.K. r >6O04.87r.O for sixty-day bills.
Potted rates— *4 6C&-4 MiU and $4 6S#4 6S%
Cornroerrt«I bills— $1 SiU'S* 80S.
liar eliver — 5594 c
Mexican dcllars — »4%c.
Bondi — Governmentj, . Irregular; railroads,
•trcr*.
NEW YORK. June 10. — Close: Money on
call — E*ry: highesv m per cent; lowest. 1
ruliu«r rate. H»: last loan. 1%; closing bid, I;
offered, 1'* per cent.
Time loanc — Eaey and dull; sixty and ninety
«Jev*. 2©2% per cent; six months, Z®Z\ per
cent.
New York Money Market.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. June 10.— Wool steady: medium
(trade*, combing and clothing. 1.8@2314c; light
fine, 15^18c; heavy, fine, 12gi5c; tub washed!
21^320. ' ,
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — ' July. Sept.
Opening ».1V 4 6 4%
Closing 6 3% 6 4%
PARIS.
Wheat — June. . Sept. -Dec
Opening 20 20 20 35
Cloelng: ".20 20 20 40
Flour— ¦ .
Opening 27 40 27 60
Closing *.- 27 45 27 60
Foreign Futures.
I Miscellaneous Markets, j
OMAHA, Neb.. June 10.— CATTLE— Re
oelpt*. 700. Slow: ehnrie lower. Native steers
$t 75@« 15: cows and hplfers, $3 75ifT5 10; can
ners. $2(^3: »tocker» and foMerd. $2 73S4 10
calves $3fl.'5 50: buIlK $2 75W4 50.
HOGS — Receipt*. «*.">nO. Steady. Heaw.
$4 75«4S5: mixed. *4 67%(^4 72%: llrht. %4 50
4 75; pigs, $4<W 50; bulk of sales, $4 65@4 70.
No sheep; market uteady.
Omaha Cattle Market.
KANSAS CITT. Mo., Jnne 10.— CATTLK—
Receipts. 40^0. Steady to a shade lower. Na
tive ("t^ern. $4 7r>«ifl35; native cowb and heifers,
*2 r.0^5 30: Ftockem and feeders. $3 2?>«M 85;
bulls. *.t«4 80; calves, $2 75^4 75; .Western
steers, $4 7MT5 90; Western cowh, $2 5(>fJ5 10.
HOGS — Receipts. 7000. Steady. Bulk ot
rale*. $4 CSiJN SO; heavy. $4 75(9*4 R5; packers,
$4 f5*?4 SO; nlKS and Hirhts. $4 25ffT4 75
SHEEP- Receipts. 200O. Steady. Muttons.
$4 r.n«J."> 75; lamb* $5 25®7; range wethers $4
«i-J SO; cv.er. $3 r.0f}4 SO.
Kansas City Stock Quotations.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the tw»rty-four hours ending 5 p. m_,
120th n-.erlg'An time. San Francisco. Jane 10:
3 3 3 ** c.
v.ATICXS. SjMl ° f f 3
Colusa S3 64 N Clear !xo
Fresno PS C2 NW Clear .00
Eureka 84 4S N Clear .00
Har.ford 101 C2 Clear .00
Woliister »t> 43 Clear .00
Independence »0 8S SE Clear .00 v
Kin* City 78 43 N Clear .00
Uvcrmore 85 47 Clear .©0
Lo* Angeles 88 «2 W Clear .00
Merced »9 52 .... Clear .00
JCapa 94 4S S Clear .00
Newman 85 66 .... Clear .00
ra>rtno 93 58 .... Clear .00
Ii«! Bluff 88 «2 N Clear .00
Riverside »8 67 Clear .00
Faeramento S6 62 NW Clear .00
Pan Diego 72 «2 NW Clear .00
Fan Francisco 72 62 W Clear .00
Fan Jose B8 47 .... Clear .00
Saa Lul« Oblcpo... 92 46 N Cloudy .00
Fanta Maria" 78 45 Clear .00
Fanta. Rosa »7 S3 Clear .00
Stockton P9 62 Clear .00
Ventura £2 OR Clear .00
Willows 89 63 X Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Stockton — Apricots ripening rapidly; caa
zierieE will start ten days earlier than last
jear.
Riverside — Walnut crop promises short.
H«.ntord — Grain doing nicely, fruit crop
and grapes excellent.
Colasa — Heavy north wind doing much dasi
*ge to grain, peaches and apricots; crop
failure.
HotlMt«r — Barley ripening fast; crop not as
larce me '¦¦¦-f year.
Sa.nva Maria — Grain ripening rather fa«;
txass and n.csr beets growing satisfactorily.
• King City — Grain crop will be short.
Willows — Apricots ripening fast; about half
orco.
Uverniore — Hot weather shriveling grain.
Palermo — High north wind blowing, doing
damage to grain ar.u fruit.
San Jose — Outlook for prunes \-ery good In
places; crop locks heavy.
Newman — Harvesting faJriy under way.
Ventura — Apricots rii>enlng rapidly; crop
good.
Nap* — Weather fine for fruit crop.
Santa Rosa — Crop conditions remain faror
¦ ble. A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 10—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tern-
X*ra.tures are reported for preceding day from
Eaaterr. cities:
Ho«ton 54-4S!New Orleans 88-72,
<"!nclnnati 70-56, Philadelphia 68-52
Jacksonville £6-72; Washington 78-54
St. Louis 76-62. New York 62-52
THE COAST RECORD.
a g S O » 5
3 3=33 3:^ *o «
BTATIOSS. lIpHI^ol ?? I
1 0 3 2 ¦ «• •% s
j § § j j f
Eeker 30. M 52 38 NW Clear T.
• "arson 2».(i8 78 SO N Clear .00
Kurek* ...,». 30.22 M 48 N Clear .00
KreiTio 29 .»4 98 «2 NW Clear .00
E. Farallon.29.S2 52 42 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 23.74 82 3« BW Clear .00
I'ocitfllo 30.00 m 58 SW Clear .00
Ii dej>endenf-e .2*J. 74 90 58 SE Clear .00
Lo* Angeles.. 29. 80 t>6 62 W Clear .00
Mt Tan-.alpais.29.'j5 73 5» NW Clear .(X>
North Head.. 30. 44 62 46 NW Clear .16
Phoenix 29.62 1IW 6« W Clear .OiJ
Point Reyes. .2».8S 56 47 NW Clear .00
Portland S0.M 62 48 NW Pt.Cldy .04
T.ed Bluff 29.02 88.62 N Clear .00
Ttoerburg ,V».28 66 44 N Clear .00
Facramento ..29.M 86 62 NW Cleaj. .00
Fait Lake. ...29.82 74 62 N Clear ,0O
Fan Fr» nclseo.2».H0 72 52 W Clear .00
F. L. Oblspo. .29.*i/> 92 46 N cloudy .00
Fan Diero 29.78 T2 €2 NW Clear .00
Festtle 30.26 60 42 N Pt.Cldy .«S
Fix-kane 30.14 60 42 EW Cloudy .02
Tatooeh 30.40 M 44 gW Cltar .28
Walla Walla. 30. 22 64 4R SW Pt.Cldy .04
Winnerr.ucca .30.02 74 48 NW Clear ' .00
Turn* 29.64 106 C8 SW Clear .CO
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The preiwjre continues high over 'Washing
ton and Oregon and low over the \alley of the
Colorado.
Warmer weather Is reported over Central
and Southern California, and cooler weather in
Nevada.
Lisht showers ha.ve occurred jn Washington
• ::'i Ore~on-
The foliowir4f hich wind* tr» reported: Eu- r
reka. S6 north: F. E. FaraJlon, 34 northwest. ;
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
tours endlnjr mldnlpfct, June 11:
Northern Californlar-Fa!r Saturday; contln
v+4 warm m-eather: brisk northerly wlnfls In
land: light northerly winds on the coact.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; contln
or-d w*.rm: Hght *«rt^rly m-ind.
Nevada — Fair Saturday; warmer.
San Francisco and vjrinity— Fair; warmer
Saturday: Heht northeast wind*.
A. G. MeADIE. District Forecaster.
CHICAGO, June 10. — On the Produee Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady:
creameries. 13%ffT17%c; dairies. ll%016c:
eggs, steady, 14©15%c; cheese, 7}i@8c.
Buifer, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, June 10. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, quiet and steady; No. 2
snrins wheat. 93907c; No. 3. *1®95c: No. 2
red. $1 0401 05; tio. 2 corn. 48%c: No. 2 yel
low. f>ft%e; No. 2 oats. 41 %c; No. 3 white.
41%??43%c: No. 2 rye, 75c; good feeding bar
ley, 3S«?42c: fair to choice malting, 45B50c;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1: No. 1 Northwestern, $1 07:
prime timothy seed. $2 93: rneps pork, per bbl.
$12 35©12 40: lard, per 100 lbs. $6 B5@6 67:
short ribs sides (loow>). *•! 87%<S*7 12%; short
clear Bides (boxed), $fl 75<g7; whisky, hauls of
hlth wines, $1 28; clover, contract grade,
$10 75.
Articles — 1 '/ Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels 1. 26.100 . 2S,3oo
Wheat, bushels 4S.O0O R1.20O
Corn. bu*bels 533.600 502.100
Oats, buohels , 110.20O 227,600
Rye. bufhels 6. 000
Barley, bushels 46,900 3,700
Cash Grain and Provisions.
; The Comstock mining stocks turned weak
yesterday and Ophir. which sold on the morn-
Ing session at $4 25, closed at $3 SO bid. $3 90
asked. The decline In the others was lighter,
but tha weakness extended through th« whole
list. There was less excitement In the Tono
pahs than on the preceding day anqV quotations
were irregular. The oil stocks were dull and;
trading on the Bond Exchange was of a mid
summer character.
The Challenge and Savage mining- companies
have each levied an assessment of 10c.
The California Title Insurance and Trust
Company has declared a regular quarterly dlvl
den of 1% per cent, payable July 1.
A special meeting of the stockholders of th»
Butte County Canal Company has been called
for August V. 1JKH, to vote upon a proposition
to create a bonded Indebtedness of $330,000'.
The San Francisco and Suburban Homo
Building Society has declared & semi-annual
dividend at the rate of 10 per cent per annum,
on the capital stock and participating- certifi
cates, payable July 1.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Giant Powder Com
pany Consolidated, regular monthly, 50c per
share, amounting to $10,000: California Whio
Association, regular monthly We per share,
amounting to $26,123 20; Monte Crlsto Oil
Comparjr. a monthly of lc per share, amount-
Ins to $5CC0.
The San Francisco Stock and Exchanor*
Board, the Pacific Stock Exchange, the -San
Francisco aad Tonopah Mining Exchange and
th» California Stock and oil Exchange will ad
journ from the close of business on Thursday.
June SO, until Wednesday morning. July t).
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. June 10 — 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
\ Bid. Ask.) Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .107'ili.T *V tn qr cp new.l32%13:)%
4a qr reg... 106X4107%| 3a qr coup. ..1C3T4106
JUSCEXLANEOUS BONDS. ¦
Ala A W 6s.l01 — |Oak T Co 6a.ll9»; —
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 | Do 5s Ill —
Cal C O 5s. — 105 I Do con 6s. — 102%
Cal «Ji * E b I Oceanic S 5a. — 73
m .1- ct 5s. 84% 83*i|Om Cable «s. — 123
Cal-s>t C 5s. — 117%! Pac G Im 4s. 91% 95
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P E Ry 5*.104:tilC3»i
EdL & P es.123% — I P it C H 63.103 —
F & C H Ca.114% — *P A. O R 6a. — 118
Gcary-st 5s.. — 63 |Powell-n "s. — 114
H C&S 5%a.lOO — Sac EOARSs. »7% SMU
Do 5s 7. .. 97 99 SF & SJV5s-li«U —
Hon P. T 6s.lO5 — Sierra R 6».. — 113
L A Elec 5s. — 1C5 1 S P of A «•
L A Ry 5s.lll%112V4r (1009) 10S —
L A L Co 6s — — I (1910) — — fi<
Do gtd Cs. — - |8 P of C (1j
Do Ktd 6s.lO2% — I <19C3>Sr A.103V; —
LAP lem 58.101 — (l»0S)3r B.103ti —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 119%) (190«n 104% —
Do lem 5s.ll4 — (1912) 115 118
MV* MtTSs.101% — fSPC 1 c* 59.110 —
NRR of CCS.107V; — I Do «tmpd..lO7%l08»4
Do 5s 116%117 IS P B R 031131% -.
N P C R Ss.lM — I S V Wat Cs.104% -»
X C Ry 5s.H0 112 Do 4s 2dm. — f»
N C P C 3s. M — Do 43 3dm. — »
X S n R 5s. 96 r- Doe mt*4s !>7% H^
O G L&H 53.107 — ?tkn G*E6s. — 101
O W Btd 3». — 100 U Q * E 5a. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 40 I Port Costa. .. — —
Marln Co. ... — 6O | 9 V Wat Co. 37H 3S
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% 4 | S F G Jfc E. 61 61%
Mutual E L. 12 13 I Stkn G & E. 3% —
Pac L Co... 56% — I
¦.¦I.*. ,. . INSURANCE.
Flrem'» Fnd. — 335 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bit.. 125 — |L P A 'A 130 160
Anglo-Cal .. 83% S6%|Mer Trust.... — 215
Bank of Cal. 425 42S Mercb Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. 145 147%! S F Nation!. — —
First Nationl — — t
. SAVINGS BANKS.
G»r S tc L.2280 2330 Slav * L So. — ' IOO
Hum S & I*. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 43*
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co.. — —
8 F Sav U.C25 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..105 2C0 'Presidio 40*4 —
Geary — 60 |
POWDER
Giant 60% «1 (Vlgorit — 8
" SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 13c Kllauea S C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 60 — Makawell C. 21% 23
Honokaa S C 11% 12 Onomea S C. 24 27%S
Hutch S P C — 8% Paauhau S C. 13 131*
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 137 13S> (Oceanic S Co. * * 4%
Cal F C A. — ICO * Pac Aux FA. 5 «
Cal Wine A. — 90%iPac C Borx.l37%15a
MV& MtTm.100 — 1
. * Horning Session.
Board —
220 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 50 0*
60 Oceanic S S Co 4 28
10 Paauban S P Co 13 23
25 Sprins Valley Water Co. ..... 37 75
$4,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent.... Ill 75
$3,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per cent.107 23
$20,000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent.... Ill CO
Street —
. 60 Oceanic S S Co 4 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 13* 50
15 Paauhau S P Co 13 13%
33 Paauhau S P Co 13 0O
10 S F Oa« A Electric 61 CO
25 Spring Valley Water Co 37 75.
$1 00O S F & S J V 5 per cent 116 00
Mining Stocks Turn Weak and
Close Much Lowfr.
STOCK MARKET.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sit a .. 1R.57K! Feed, eks 230
Bran, ika . 4, 022 i Oat Groats, sks. 185
FOR FRIDAY. JUNE 10. J^-
Flour qr sks .. 8. C0.1! Chicory, bbls.... 10
Wheat, ctls 302: Hides, No 4«1
Harl.-v. ctla 1.K17! Pelts, No 2S5
Corn. West, ctls 6C0I Loather. rolls .. 23
Rye. ctl3 .'ffioiwine gals ....11.625
Beans, eks 1S7! Lime bb!a 595
Potatoes sks .. 1.29.T Powder, csks .. 60O
• inkms. sk> ... 40! Hay. tons ? 421
Bran, gfca 47! Wool, bales .... 90
Middlings, sks.. 122' Mill feed. sks... 5ftt
Tallow, ctls ... 31!VFeed sks . .« .. «B
Paper, reams .. 635; Screenings, sift . 288
Receipts of Produce'.
at 60c per pound and Green Chile Peppers from
the- same place brought 25o per pound. ¦- --^~- ¦
POTATOES— New White. $1 2501 75 per
ctl ; Early Rose. $1 40® 1 60 per* ctl ; old Oregon
Burbanks, $101 40 per rt'- old river Eurbanks,
OOctfJl P«r ctl. • '
ONIONS — Australian Yellow. $4 50@5 per
ctl: new Red. • 90®95c per sack; new Sllver
sklns, $1 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 25@30c per dox;
Asparagus. 4!iJ«Jc P"r lb: Rhubarb. 75<&85c per
box; Green Peas, $2 25 per sack; Garden Peas,
8%@4c per lb; String and Wax Beans.
4®5%c per lb; Tomatoes, SI 25«1 75 per box
or cmte for Los Angeles. $1 60®2 for Mexican
and $1 60451 «5 for Mississippi; Summer
Squash, 60475c per box: Cabbage, $1 per ctl:
Carrots, $1 20 per sack- Cucumbers. $ 1 60^
1 75 per box: Garlic. 5«6c per lb: Egg Plant.
7%«10c per lb: Dried Peppers. S-fflOc for sun
dried and 12%#13c per lb for evaporated; Dried
Okra. 12Vi®15c per lb; Green Peppers 6«10c
per lb; Marrowfat Squash. Jobbing, at l%®2c
per lb
Poultry and Game.
No more Western Poultry was received, but
. a considerable portion of the car - that was
marketed on Thursday was still on hand and
met with slow sale at $6 60 per doxen. Do
mestic stock continued very aull, except for
ycung Roosters and Fryers, which formed but
a very small percentage of the receipts. A
great many coops of Hens and Broilers had to
be carried over.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15#16c per lb;
Ge*se, per pair. $1 25«1 50; Goslings. $1 509
I 75: Ducks, $4@5 per dozen for old and
$4 50®5 50 for young; Hen». $5 5O£*J 50 for
farfre and $4 R035 for small; yours Roosters.
$7 50i§9: old Roosters. $4 50@5; Fryers. $5 50®
6 50; Broilers. $3(2(4 for large and $2 25«2 50
for Fmall: PlReons. $1 60 per dozen for old and
$1 754J2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 50 per dozen: Rabbits. $1 73
@2 for Cottontails and $1 per dozen for brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Butter yesterday were the heavl- ;
e«t thin season,, as will be seen, and In fact
were about as heavy as ever known In thU
market. They produced no visible effect on the
situation, however, and the market continued 1
quiet and featureless. Cheese was also un- !
chnnged. . . 1
Eggs were weak and. while there was no I
actual decline, most dealers were shading the
quotations. There wers ¦ quite a number of
I sales of fine ranch at 21i£22c by houses which ,
I eold! at 22ifJ23o the preceding day. The demand 1
was also lighter and the market was dragging 1 i
1 and weak at the close.
1 Receipts were 152.60O lbs Butter, 1478 cases
I Es-gs and 35.0CO lbs Cheese. — '
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 18%S13c
for extras and 17%^lSc for firsts; dairy. 18#
17%c: store Butter. 13015c: cold storage, nom
inal.
CHEESE — 8#8%c for good to choice new
and C@7c for lower grades: Young Americas.
9S9VjC; Eastern. 12%Qllc: Western. 11 @ 12c
I per lb.
, EGGS — Ranch. 21623c for fair to choice:
I store. 16@19c; Eastern. 20<@21c for Mrsts and
16%f»lS<? for seconds.
j Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Stocks of all kinds of fruits were well up to
requirements and the market nad an easy tone,
as local trading was quiet and there was very
little doing in the shipping line. Receipts of
black Cherries were lighter than usual and
good sound offerings cleaned up readily at
steay prices, but there was tne usual pressure
to sell soft and overripe stock. Loose Royal
Annes and common White were steady and
cleaned up well. The canners were still pur
chasing freely, paying 2%@3c.for black. !4.«
3%c for common white and 5c per pound for
Royal Anne. Packed lots were steady; with
the top quotation an extreme for extra fancy
In cartons. Raspberries and Loganberries were
plentiful and a little lower, and Blackberries
sold at a wide range as to quality, the bulk
of the receipts being poor. The other Berries
were unchanged. Peaches and Plums were
In Increased supply. The former brought $10
1 25 p.-r box and the latter sold from 50c to $1
per box as to. variety and stze of- package. The
other tree fruits were plentiful and Inclined to
easiness. •
A fair amount of business was reported in
Oranges and prices were well maintained. A
car of assorted fruit was offered at- auction
and sold as follows: Extra fancy Navels,
$2 85-32 95: choice to fancy, $1 40#2: St.
Michael* $1 15@1 33; Mediterranean - Sweets.
$1@1 45.'
STRAWBERRIES— $5@12 per chest for Long
worths and J2«4 50 for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES — $2 5004 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES — $3 50@7 per chest and
75SS5c per crate.
RASPBERRIES— $10-8*15 per chest; crates
from Newcastle, $101 23; from Fresno, $2.
GOOSEBERRIES — 2&3%c per lb for small
and 6<ffi7c for English.
CURRANTS— $2 50<@3 50 per chest.
CHERRIES — In drawers. 50©75c; In bulk,
2%<S3e j*?r lb for Black. 2ft.!Uc for common
White and !H36c for Royal Anne. ..
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates, 60@90c;
basket*. 60@75c.
APPLES— $1 50<32 25 per box for old crop
and 2. r «O50<? per box or basket for new green.
! PEARS — 40<T5Oc per box or basket.
CANTALOUPES — $1 for small and $3 50@
4 50 for large crates. . * -
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $2 50-33 50
for fancv. $1 5002 B0 for choice and $1®1 50
for standard: Seedlings. $1 20'ptl 60; Valencias,
$1 r.0©2 50; Mediterranean Sweets. $1 75; Tan
gerines. $1 25; Lemons. $2 .">iks?2 73 for fancy,
$1 .'.Oii 1 75 for choice and $181 25 for stand
ard: Grape Fruit. $1 5O@2 for s«edl*ss and $1®
1 50 for ordinary: Mexican Limes. $5@5 50 per
case: Bananas. $2tjf3 per bunch for Central
American and $1@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples.
$25*13 per dozen.
Dried Fruits ,Nnts, Raisins, Honey.
FRUITS — Apricots. 8i@10c for Royals and
9©12c for Moorparku; Evaporated Apples. 4M&
6c; sun-dried. 3(@4%c: Peaches. "OSc:
Pears. S%@12c: Figs, white. 2K@3c in boxes;
black. 4Hc; Plums, pltt-d. 5@7%e per It.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2@2%c for the four
sizes. -
RAISINS— F. c. b. price* Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 5O-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 4-crown.
4c per lb: 3-crown. 4%c: 2-crown. 4c: Malaga,
loose. 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown, 3%c; Thompson's
seedless. 4c: seedless Sultanas. 3%c: Seedless
Muscatels. 3 Vic: do floated. 3%c: Seeded Rais
ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy. 5%c: choice. 5%e
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4%c: choice. 4%c; In
bulk, fancy, 6V4c; choice, 6c: Imperial clus
ters. $3: Dehesa, *2 60; fancy, $2; London'
Layer*. 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 23.
NUTS — Walnuts. .No. 1 softshell. l.TWUc:
No. 2 llV.«12c: No. 1 hardshell. 13ff»3Hc:
No. 2. ll(311%c- Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils, ll%c for l"X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9Hc for Lanjruedoc; Peanuts. 6.-a7c for
Eastern: Peoans. 11013c: Cocoanuts.- $4 50*33.
HONEY— Comb. ll%«?12%c for white and
lOfillc for amber; water white extracted. 5a
6c: light amber extracted. 4%©5c; dark.
3U64c.
BEESWAX— 27029c per lb.
Provisions.
There was nothing new anywhere worthy of
note.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%e per lb for
heavy. 10c for'lteht medium. 12c for llcht,
13%c for extra -liltht and 1.V616C for susrar
cured- Eastern sumr-cured Hams, l.tc; Cali
fornia Hams. 12®12%c: Mess B*ef. $10^
10 50 cer bbl: extra Mws. $11«11 30; Family.
S12fl 12 50: prime M»*s Pork. $14; extra clear.
$23: Mew. $17 60; Dry Salted Pork. 9Mc: Pig
Pork. $26; Pigs' Feet. $3; Smoked Beef. 14c
1 — Tierces quoted at «%e per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels, pure
8%c: 10-lb tins. 9V»c: 5-lb tins. 9%c: 3-lb tlna.
9%c" •
COTTOLENK— One half barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels. 8V«c: one tierce, S%c; two tierces.
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %#lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c: medium. S%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 8c for liirht; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip 8c: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf He; dry Hides. 16c: dry KId. 13c; dry
Calf. 18c:- Sheepskins, shearlings. 23<fT30c each:
short Wool. 40<§65c each: medium. 70©9Oc: long
Wool. $1@1 50: Horse Hides, salt. $2 73 for
large and $2®2 30 for medium. $1 25«l 75 for
¦mall «nd 50c for Colt*. Hors<> Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and 91 00 for medium $101 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. 30@32%c. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 60c:
i medium. 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered - 4%@4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%-84c; grease, 2%®3e.
WOOL— Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 17@19c: .San Joaquln and Southern. 12
months'. 10®12c: do 7 months'. 9®llc per lb:
Middle Counties. 13617c for free and 12913c
for defective: Northern. lftSlSc for free and
14*116..- for drfectlve: Nevada. 13® 16c. accord-
Ins t" condition.
HOPS — Jobbing at 27%«30c per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. For crop of 1904 the nominal
quotation Is 20c ' . ::_'¦¦ w . ¦
" Meat Market.
Receipts and supplies of everything con
tinue lure- and all the market* are weak, with
a downward tendency.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are an follows:
BEEF — 0(g7c for Steers and 5@6o per lb
for Cow».
- VEAL— Large. 6®7c: small. 7H«9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%07c: Ewe». &%©6%o
per lb. •
LAMB-"0So per lb.
« PORK— Dressed Hon. 6%©8%c per lb.
LIVE8TOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound;
'Livestock, delivered In Han Francisco less SO
per cent for «hrinkaire fortCattle:
CATTLE — Steers. T'-jtSiJi; Cows and Heif
ers, 6%O7c; thin Cows. 435c per lb. -
CALVFS — >&4%cprrlb (gross 'weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3Vi&3%c: Ewes. 2%,S3a
per . lb (gross weight). , • ~ ,•
LAMBS— $3 23®2 50- per (head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. Be:
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c: over 230 lbs. 4V4c: «oft
Hogs, nominal: Bows. 20 per cent oft; Boars.
60 per cent off. and Staga. 40 per cent off from
above Quotations. •
CHICAGO, June 10. — Unofficial forecasts
that the Government crop reports on the con
dition of growing wheat would be bearish
caused general liquidation of wheat to-day.
At the close July wheat was down %@%c.
Wet weather in the Southwest caused a firm
tone at the opening, the "July delivery being
up %@V4c at 8C%<S8CTsC. The firmness, how
ever, was of short duration, sentiment In the
pit soon becoming bearish. The main factor
In causing the change was apparently appre
henston among the bulls that the Government
report would show a considerable Improvement
in the condition of both winter and spring
wheat. That this fear was not groundless
was made evident by the Kansas and Kentucky
State reports, both of which showed an Im
provement of several points. The market be
came weaker as the session advanced, and
before any recovery was made July sold off
to 85%c. There was some buying late in
the day on a decline of 7 points In the con
dition of Michigan wheat, as shown by the
monthly State report. Final quotations on
July were at 8&S8«%.c.
Notwithstanding the weakness of wheat the
corn market held up remarkably well, and
the close was practically unchanged from yes
terday's final figures.' July opened at 4S%<g>
43Tic and closed at 48%c.
Although prices of oats were affected by
the weakness of wheat the decline was very
light. July closed at 30%c.
Provisions were active ; and strong. The
feature of trading was buying by a prom
inent packer, who Is said to be short on a
big line. The market closed at the high point,
with September pork up 35c. lard up 15c and
ribs at a gain of 17%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
July, old 8S 88% 86% 87%
July, new 86% 86% 85% 86%
September, old. 82% 82% 81% 82%
September, new 81 81 80% 80%
Corn No. .2—
June 47%
July .../ '. 48% 4!)% 48% 48%
September 43 48%. 47% 47%
Oats No. 2 —
June 41%
July 39% 39% 39% 39%
September 31% 31% 31 31%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 12 07% 12 50 12 07% 12 42%
September 12 30 12 65 12 30 12 62%
. Lard, per 100 lbs —
July 6 62% 6 72% 6 60 6 72%
September 6 80 6 90 , 6 77% 6 90
Short Rib*, per 100 lbs —
July..... 6 95 7 12% 6 95 7 10
September 7 15. 7 30 7 15 7 30
Future Grain and Provisions.
on June 1. The report was not published until
after the closing of the market and Its actual
tenor Is no guarantee of what movement of
stock prices may follow, however closely that
tenor may conform to the expectation of those
who bought stocks. The test of the market
will be its ability to absorb the stocks thus
bought when the effort Is made to take proutc
on them. A favorable Impression was pro
duced by the evidence of confidence in the
bond market shown by the offer for subscrip
tion of New York Central debentures and by
published reports of the profits resulting from
some of the bond syndicates recently wound
up.
The official figures of sub-treasury opera
tions have not yet reflected the full payment
of yesterday's transfer of $2,697,000 on ac
count of Japanese gold, but It is expected that
to-morrow's bank statement will have the
benefit of that In its cash Item. The currency
In favor of New York during the
week. Including- this transfer, appears to be
J urward of J7.000.000. Lute renewal of buy-
Ins made the close steady at about the top
level of the day.
Bonds were well taken on a rising scale.
Total sales, par value. $2,410,000.
United States 2s advanced V* and the old
4s declined % per cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 20,800 11 70>4 70T*
Atchlsun pfd 800 04% »4Vi 84^i
Bait & Ohio 4,400 72% 79 79%
Bait & Ohio pfd ' 90%
Canadian Pacific... 12,000 118 ;» 11BH 11&%
Cent of New Jersey 200 l«l 161 160%
Chesapeake It Ohio 800 &>% 30S 30T«
Chicago & Alton... 600 3S% 3S% 37%
Chi & Alton pfd 80%
Chi & Gt West 100 13% 13»« 13%
Cht & N W 400 IBS 167 167%
Chi M & St Paul.. 16,600 142*4 141% 142U
Chi M & S P pfd.. 100 177 177 176%
CM Term & Trans. 100 «*& 6% 6
Chi T & T pfd 14%
C C C & St Louis «9
Colo Southern 100 15 15 15
Colo South 1st pfd. 48%
Coin South 2d pfd. 100 13% 19% 19%
Dela & Hudson 3,100 155T» 154 155
X*!a Lick & W.... 700 272 2t»% 271%
-Denver & Rio Gr.. 100 1»% 19% 1»%
• Denver t R G pfd. 200 tZi% > &)% 69Vi
Erie 6,700 24U 24 24
Erie let rfd 1,800 bs*i 58 58%
Erie 2'd pfd euO 35^ 34% 35
.Hooking Valley ... 100 ft4 64 64
Hocking Val pfd 8*H
IlllnoU Central 300 130 130 129»i
Iowa Central 100 l»;*i 16% 16
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 32 32 33
Kar. City Southern 19%
Kan City South pfd 200 39% 38 38%
Louis & Nash 6.400 KWVi 108 109
Manhattan L 2,400 144 143*6 144%
Metropol Securities. S00 7JM,i 78% 79
Metropol St Ry 8,800 112 111 1 -* 11234
Minn i St Louis...; .,;..:' 43
M E P & S S M... 300 C2% 62 62
MSP&SSMpfd 117%
Missouri Pacific... 4,700 »1% 90% »1
Mo Kan & Tex..^. . ..*-„ .. 13%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 35
Nat RR of Mex pfd 33%
N Y Central 200 115% 115% W>%
Norfolk tc Western. SOO 55 Vi 54% 55
Norfolk & W pfd 85
Ontario & Western. 8,100 «»% 24% J»U
Pennsylvania 35.400 115% 114<i 115
Pitts C. C fc St L £MJ
Reading 61.300 47% 40*4 47%
Reading 1st pfd 81
Reading 2d pfd ' 1.100 65% 05 U C5%
Rock Island Co 3.:iOO 21% 2O% 21*4
Rock Island Co pfd 30O «5 64% tt4%
S L 4 S F 2d pM.. 100 4.1T* 4-TA 43%
stLsw ioo 11% u3 mi
St L S W pfd 300 29V 4 29 20%
Southern Pacific... 11.800 47% 4«H 47
Southern Railway. 3,100 20J4 20% 20%
Southern Ry pfd... JCOO K4Vi 84 84
Texas & Pacific.... 900 21% 21 21%
Tol St L & W 22%
Tol St L A. W pfd. 500 38 37 37
Union Pacific 21,»00 85% 84% 85%
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 92*4 92H 91%
Wahash - «00 1« 16 16
Waberti l>f<J 2.200 34«4 34«i 34%
Wheel & t, E J*;
Wisconsin Ontral. «*> 17% .Ut%. ,!«%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 100 37% 37% 37%
Mexiean Central... 300 7% 7% 7%
Express Companles^ —
Adams 225
American 185
United States 103
Welle-Fanro 203
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 9.400 49** 49% 48%
Am Car & Found.. 200 17% 17% 17%
Am Car & F pfd.. 100 71 71 70%
Am Cotton OH 100 27 27 25
Am Cotton OU pfd. ...;. 89
American Ice 500 6% 6% 6%
American Ice pfd 2CT4.
Am Unseed Oil 7%
Am Linseed Oil pfd 23%
Amer Locomotive.. 200 19% 19% 19'4
Amer Loco pfd 100 82% 82% 82
Am Smelt & Ref.. 4.200 C4«4 53*4 63%
Am.8 & Ref pfd.. 2.«00 «S% »S% 98%
Amir Sugar Ref ... 1.100 126U 125% 125%
Anaconda Min Co 72
Brklyn Rap Tr>ns. 20,700 4W t 47 4S%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 300 2a % 29V1 29%
Consolidated' Gas.. 600 190 180 14 Ife9%
Corn Products 400 10% 10% 10%
Corn Products pfd. 400 67% 66 G6%
Distillers' Se<~» 100 20 20 19%
General Electric... 400 l. r >9% 153% 1MH4
International Paper 200 10% 10% 10%
Intrrntl V<tp-T pfd. 2,100 «7% «;7 • « «7V*
International Pump 100 30% 30% 30
Interntl Pump pfd 70
National Lead....l 1.200 21% 21 21 U
North American 82%
Pacific Mall. * 25
1 People's Oa« BOO 90% 95% 96%
I Pressed Steel Car.. 1.100 27 2«% 2H%
Pre«sed S Car pfd. 600 70 70 «!>
Pullman Palace Car 211%
Rrpublic Pte«-1 500 6% «% 6V t
Republic Steel pfd. 3.800 42% 39 42%
Rubber Goods 15
Rubber Goods pfd 75%
T«nn Coal. & Iron. . 2.000 35 84 35
U S Leather 300 7 6% 6%
U S T>ather pfd.. 300 80 80 75%
U S Realty 700 0V4 . 6% 614
U S Realty pfd 200 58V4 67% 57%
V S Rubber 200 1«% 11 10
U S Rubber pfd... 2f"0 6fi*i CC 65%
U S Steel 1,400 9U 9 9% i
U S Steel pfd 14,400 S4% r.4% 54% i
Wfgtlnghouse Elec. 1,400 157% . 155 155
Western Union 400 87% 87 87%
Total sales 321,200 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, June 10.— No bond transac
tions to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4%. asked 4}«; preferred, btt
38, aaked 3S%.
NEW YORK BONDS. j
V 8 ref 2s reg..lC4%|L & X unified 4s. 101%
Do wooupon.....l05 I Man con gold 4s.l03%
Do 3s reg 103%lMex Ont 4s...".. 0214
IXi coupon 106% Do 1st lnc 12%
Do new 4s reg.l32V4 Minn & St L 4s.. i»)
Do coupon 132% M K & Texas 4s. 98%
1*0 old 4s reg.lOU Do 2ds 77%
Do coupon 107 NR of Mex con 4s. 74
Ateh r«n 4s 101%|N Y C gen 3%s..lO0
Do adj 4s WHIN J C gen 5s 131
Atlantic C L 4s. M",4 Nor Pae 4a 104%
Bal & Ohio 4«...101% Do 3s 73
Do 3%s 95% Nor Jc W con is. 99%
Central of Ga 5s.l0d OSL 4s & panic. 95%
Do 1st inc 73 Pa eonv 3%a 95%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO4% Reading ten 4s^..l00t«
Chi & Alton 3%s. 79 |S L & I M con Cs.114%
C. B & Q new 4s. 05%|S L & S F fg 4s. 82^4
CM * £P Kn 4s.lO9%|St Louli SW lata. 93
C Si NW con 7s. 1C7% 1 Seaboard A L 4s. 7014
C. It I & Pac 4«. «9% So Pacific <»..:.. 91
Do col 6s 79% So Railway 5s....llC»i
C.C.C & SL«n 4s. 99H Tex & Pac lsu.lieik
Chi Term 4i 73% T. St L & W 4s. 70%
Cons Tobacco 4 1. Cl% Union Pacific 4s..lO5U
Colo t. So 4s 82% Do conv 4s 88-
C F & I con 5s. C9% U S Steel 2d 6s.. 74«4
D^n t Rio G 4s. 99% Wabash 1st* lie
Erie prior Uen 4*. 09% Do deb B ...... M
Do gen 4s ..... 86% W & L Erie 4s.. 89%
F W & D C lsts.104%1 WIs Central 4s... 90
Hock Val 4%s...l07%U
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20| Little Chief 05
Alice 35 Ontario 350
Uneece 10 Ophlr 4 00
Bruns Con ...... 15 Phoenix .......... • ji
Com Tunnel .... 09 Potosl j 5
Ccn Cal & Va... 1 3QJSavage 22
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes aa' follows, per lb. In 100- lb ba*s:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 3.0.V-;
Powdered. 5.80c; Candy Granulated. S.SCc; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c: Dry Granulated, coarse
5.70c; Fruit Granulated. 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.6i)c: Confectioners'
A. 5.70c: Magnolia A. 5.3Cc: Excra C, 5.20c;
Golden C. 5.10c; "D," 5c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 5O-lh
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.20c; boxes. «5.45c: H. A E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
lets than seventy-five barrels or Us equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7li<H
7$»c per lb; White Lead. 1\^l\e. according
to quantity.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon in cases and
75c in drums ami Iron barrel*.
BAGS— Grain Ba«s, i\c; San Quentln. $5 40;
Wool Bags, 32©C3c; Fleece Twine. 708c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wellln*
«Jh * S .i s * attI<? - * 8 SO; Bryant. $8 50; Beaver
Hill. $5 50; Stanford. $7: Roslyn. $7; Coo«
Jay- *3 50: Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 1b
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
}\eUh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50: Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 5TMJ13
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 43 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per Ions ton according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and!
47c for raw; Castor OtI. In cases No. 1 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 10^1 12; Lucol. 43c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 6C@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 53<j
for Australian: extra bleached winter 8p«rm
Oil. 68c; natural winter Sperm Oil. 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c; natural Whal<»
Oil, 52c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. We; pure NeaUfool Oil 7-Jc-
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. «3e; light Herring Oil.
42c: dark Herring Oil. 40c; Salmon Oil, 34c;
boiled Fish Oil. :',7c; raw Fish Oil. 35c; boiled
Paint Oil. .vTc; raw Pumt Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Cnal Oil. In bulk.
13 %c; Pearl Oil. in cases 20c; A.«tral. 20c;
Star. 20c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26«-:
Eocene. 23e; Deodorized Store Gasoline la
bulk. 16c: In cases. 22%c; Benzine In balk.
13c; In cases. 19%c; 8«-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 25c: in cases. 31c.
General Merchandise.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Wail-street Stocks higher on the day. Cotton higher.
Local Stocks and Bonds show little animation.
Silver makes a fractional advance. Exchange unchanged.
Government issues its Wheat crop report.
Barley much quieter. Oats dull and rather lozver. Corn steady.
Hav weak mid not in active demand. Feedstuff s as before.
Lima Bean crop expected to turn out short this year.
Receipts of Butter remarkably heavy.
Eggs shozving signs of weakening. Cheese still a drug.
Provisioits as before quoted in all positions.
Supplies of Cattle, Sheep and Hogs still large.
Potatoes and Onions quoted rather ivcaker.
Car of Tomatoes received from Mississippi.
Poultry dull, with considerable carried over.
Fresh Fruits quiet, with less local and shipping demand.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
very limited, the crop prospects fine and the
mills shutting down for lack of orders. The
crop In Ohio. Indiana" and Michigan, however.
Is expected to be the smallest alnoe 1900.
In this market futures were again lower, but
1 the cash grain was quiet, featureless and un
chanced. . • ...-¦,.•
CASH "WHEAT. '
California Club $1 27%©1 33; California
White Australian. $1 52%®1 57%: Northern
Club. $1 3001 40; Northern Bluestem. »l 50
©1 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December-... *1 30 $1 30% $1 30 $1 30*i
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$13O»4 91 30% *l 29% $1 2i»Tii
BARLEY— Sales of 1500 sacks No. 1 Feed
at $1 0"l?4 and 1 1500 sacks at $1 02% give a
good Idea of values yesterda'% Futures re
mained about the same and were very. dull.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. 11 02%@l 05; Brewing. $1 07'<,Bl 10;
Chevalier. $1 02 4© 1 10 for fair to choice.
--FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 6OV4 BB>4 90% 8tS&
2 p. m. Session.
December— 06 y t c.
OATS — Business has turned \-ery quiet In
this grain and the feeling is weaker. The de
mand for White is not as urgent as it has been.
There is a disposition among the heavy con
sumers to let the market alone as far as pos
sible until the new crop comes forward.' which
renders trade very dull.
White. $1 40«l 45; Black, Jl 20@l 25; Red.
$1 2U®1 30; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Dealers continue to quote a well held
and steady but quiet market.
Weitern sacked. $1 SOtfl 55 for ¦ Yellow,
$1 47%'rfl 52% for White and $1 4501 50 for
Mixed: California Urge Yellow. $1 55; small
round do, $1 :>.'>•<? I CO; White. $1 55 per ctl;
Egyptian. $1 32%©1 42% for White and *1 25©
1 SO for Brown. . . .
RYE— *l 30igl 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Jl 7502 per ctl.
Flour and Millstiiffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 !i0, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50#4 SO;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 M>@4> 25
per bbl. ¦
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages ar« as
follows.; Graham Flour,' $3 60 per 100 lbs;
R» Flour. *3 50: Rye Meal. |.J 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $3 SO; extra cream do. $i 25:
Oat droats, J4 50; Hominy, iWH 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 5004 75: Cracked Wheat, <4;
Farina. J4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $:{ 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25&S CO; In sacks. $tt 7.V*
8 10: Pearl Barley. $6: Split i\>as. boxes, *7;
Green Peas. *5 50 per 100 lbs. >
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There Is no change in the Hay situation. The
market cortinuer dull and more or less easy,
with new volunteer wild oat selling at $708
p*r ton. Feedstuff* are also unchanged.
There was a tip floating around on 'Change
yesterday that this market might get not only
the Hay order for Manila, tout the Oat order
as well. Several days ago It was thought that
both would go north, but the local merchants
have lately been making some very i strenuous
efforts to secure at least one of them. The
Hay order calls for .1S76 ton* and the Oat order
for 5012 tons; two pretty good plums.
BRAN— $22ffL':i per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24®2!l per ton. \
SHORTS— $22023 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22 50®23
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 SOtfZ.il:
Jobbing. *.12: Cocoanut Cake. $22023; Corn
Meal. $"2033: Cracked Corn. $32 50<tt33 50:
Mixed Feed, $22023; Horse Beans. $30040 per
ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10@14 50; Wheat and Oat,
$11013; Oat, $0(^12: Wild Out. $7010; Bar
ley and Oat. $7@U; Stock. $708; Alfalfa, $70
10 per ten.
STRAW— 60®80c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Lima Beans continue firm. Weather condi
tions have not been favorable to the produc
tion of a large output this year and a well
poeted house estimates that the visible supply
for 1004 will not bo over 0O0.OO0 sacks, against
900,000 last year. Growers are not selling.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 2502 N); Pea. $2 0003;
Butters $3: small White. $2 S5@:» 10; Ianre
White. $2 25®2 65: Pink. $3 45®3 60; Red.
$4 20«4 B0: Lima.. $3 2503 35: Red Kidneys.
$4 7505; Blackeye. $202 10 per , ctl; Horsa
Beans. $2Q2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 25<B4 50J%Ycllow
Mustard. *2 5003; Flax. <1 80©f 00; Canary.
5mff5*ic for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%©16c; Jtap*
l%fiT2c: Timothy. ,60C%c: Hemp. 3%JUc per
lb: Millet. 3®3%c: Broom Corn Seed. , $20®2i
"'DRIED PEAS— Bl»ckey*. $3 per ctl; Nlles.
$3 25; Green Peas. $3®3 25. y^\
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of . new Potatoes continued ample
and the market was a little easier than on the
preceding: day, as .the, demand for local con
gumption was legs urgent and few orders were
received from outside points. -¦ Old Burbanks
were steady for fancy replcked lots, but dull
for common and soft stock. Onions were plen
tiful and new Red were. slightly lower. . >
Receipts of Green Peas continued very light
and they were the firmest . description in the
market. Tomatoes were steady to firm during
the ; early trade, but weakened later In the
day upon the receipt of fresh supplies. A car
load containing 1100 crates came In from Mis
sissippi and ' was "'distributed among several
dealers. String ' Beans and Summer Squash
continued to weaken i under I increased receipts.
Rfmui ; Dkra. lonund from Kt.wktnn ottri ; anld
Supplies of Berries and small tree fruits are
plentiful and several new descriptions' have
been added to the list. Prices of some are
much lower this. week. Vegetables are abun
dant and have changed but . little since last
week. • . ;-, - -
Meats, Poultry ana Fish are still selling at
the familiar quotations. .*> . •; /
Prices of the best ranch Eggs have been
steadily advancing at wholesale for some days
and retail rates are higher in consequence.
Butter and - Chees« stand . exactly the same as
quoted last week. v _»X-*
COAL." PER TON— -'
Wellington .$— ©10 OOlNew
Seattle $— ® 8 50 Wellington $ — 610 00
Roslyn .$ — @ 8 00 Wellington '
Richmond ..« — @ 9 50 Nut $— ® 8«C0
Greta . .;*— & 8 00 Coos Bay ....$ — 7 60
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC. —
Butter, choice, sq.40@t5| Eggs, per dozen ¦
Do good . . 30<y35 Ranch 253*39
Do packed ( lb22Vj©;25 Common ....20®^Vj
Cheese, Cal . ...Iujjl6 Hon*y, comb, lb.l3®2U-
Cheese. Eastcrn.20®25 -Do txtracted... 8®10
Cheese, Swiss ". . ,25@35| ' f
- MEATS. PER POUND—
Roast Beef, J Mutton Chops — ®16
choice cuts ...15®20|Pork Chops- — ©10
Do plain KN&12K Veal- Cutlets 16<glS
Roast Veal ...12Vi@15|Corned Beef —©8
Roast Pork ...^Vi^lSilieef Stew S®10
Foreqtr Lamb.— ©12% Mutton Stew ... 5© 8
Hlndqtr Lamb...— @15f Veal Stew ....10@12V4
i Foreqtr Mutton.. S©W|Soup Meat 6@10
i Leg Mutton:..:. — ©10|Soup Bones 4® —
iTndrloln Steak. 12%#15 Hams 15®16
1 Portrhse Steak.. 18621)! Bacon .-...15@20
i Sirloin Steak.. 12>4@!5*Pork Sausage. .lJVa@15
I Round Steak ..10@12%|Chlpped Beef ...20fr—
Lamb Chops 15@20|Lard 12%®—
POULTRY, AND GAME—
Hens, large. ea.75c<3$l Ducks, each 75 5®!i
Do small 5C'@tiO Geese, each...— <g*l So
Young Roosters, Goslings ?1 ~oQ
each 75c<g$l|Plgeoms. pair ...— <&5O
Old Roosters ea.50«t;5 Squabs, per palr.CO® ,0
Fryers, each . ..U5&85| Rabbits, *ach ...20^25
'Broilers, each ..35«U5|Ilare. each — 4*25
Turkeys, per lb..25@27i
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Pears ea.—@ — (Grape Fruit. dz.7Cc®$l
Almonds 15<jj20| Grapes, lb 2Gifc<;5
Apples 6W 8| Limes doz luyi."»
Apricots, lb «5@ 8j Lemons, doz "....1S«?3U >
Blackberries, per (Loganberries. I
basket 6©10| per drawer ....23-330 I
Cranberries, qt.. — @25IOrangea. cholce,dz^5«^0 ,
Cherries lb .VulOj Do common ,.M3©2U j
Currants, lb 4@ 0 Peaches, lb ....— @25
Cantaloupes, ea.l5®20| Plums, lb 10©15
! Pecans — <u 20| Pears, lb bjflO
Brazil Nuts . ...20@— | Pineapples, eaeh.25<«40
Bananas doz.... 25@35| Raisins,' lb .10@15
Chestnut's 134T20; Uaspberries. per
Cocoanuts, each. — @10 basket login
Figs, dried, lb. . 6010 Strawberrie*. I
Do. fresh. lb..—@— per basket ...10®20
Gooseberries, per lb j Tangerines, doz.. 15^20 1
>Small 4@ 6 Walnuts, per lb. 15020
Large :.— @10| Watermelons, ea.. — ®$1
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus, lb .. 5@10| Mushrooms. lb..5Oc®$l
Artichokes, doz. 15(j£30j Onions per lb... — @2
Beets dozen lOW—Okra dried. lb...20Ttf—
Beans, white, lb. 5@ — [Potatoes, old, lb.lVj@2
Colored, per lb. 5<3 — j Do new. lb 2® 3
Dried Lima. lb.. — ® Cl Parsnips, per dz.l5(^2u
-Cabbage, each .. 5@10; Radishes dz bch.l5@20;
Celery, head ... 5® 10| Rhubarb, lb — @3
Cress, db bunch.l5(g> — !Sage. dz bnches.25@ —
Cucumbers, each. — S10| String Beana. lb.6@12%
Garlic 8@10i Summer Squash
Green Peppers.lb. 10®20| per lb 6@ 8
Dried Peppers . ,lC@20i Spinach, per lb.. 5@ 8
Egg Plant, lb...lO02O|Thyme db bnch«.25<S30
Green Peas. lb.. — @ 81 Turnips, per doz.— @15
Lettuce, per doz. 16®30i Tomatoes, ib.,10012%
"Leeks, db bunch.l5@20{
FISH—
Barrasouta — @15lRockcod '... — @15
Carp 10@12%!Sea Bass — «13
Catfish i. — ®12% Smelts — @15
Codfish .......— ® 12% Soles 10@16
Flounders 10® — Skates, each ....10@15
Halibut 15®— Squid '. ...J-@—
Herring 8®10 Tomcod 12%®—
Mackerel — @ — Turbot 20<g —
Do horse 15® — Trout — @f!0
Rockfish — ®12% Brook Trout ...,75i@So
Salmon, fresh . .15020 Whlteflsh .... 100—
Do smoked ...15025 Clams gallon '.'..tCff—
Sardines ...Mi@— Do hardshell,lb S«10
Shrimps — @ — Crawfish ........—© —
Shad ........./.10@ — Crabs, each 15025
Striped Bass ...15620 Mursels lb 12%015
Perch 100 — (Oyster. Cal, 100.40050
Pomplno — ®t0[ Do Eastern. dz.3O@40
extra. 13@l.H'4c: State dairy, common to extra,
13<S17%c. - ¦¦¦-'¦;¦
CHEESE — Weak; State," full creams colored,
7K&7%c; »mall white. 6 ! )i©7%c; large col
ored 7@Se; large white, 7@7%c.
EGGS — Dull. Western . selected, 17@18%c;
firsts, 17017 %c. .
. DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED . I APPLES — The market
shows a ellghtly improved demand and ruled
a little firmer. Common are quoted at 4®Sc;
prime, 5V44f5Aic; choice, 6@6Hc and fancy, 7c.
PRUNES — Are rather unsettled. In aomt
quarters business In the new crop is -reported
fair, but as a rule reports are pessimistic and
the spot market shows a dragging tendency.
Quotations range from 2*ic to 6%c, according
to rrade. ¦ ¦¦¦¦•¦•
APRICOTS— Are in light supply, and it Is
said to be' difficult to secure fruit at inside
prices. Choice are quoted at 9%@10c; extra
choice; MH4@10%c and fancy. ll@13c.
PEACHES— Are quite firm. ' Choice are
' quoted at 7@7%c: extra choice, 7%@8c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 10. — Tin again ruled
; weak, both locally and In the English market.
London cabled a decline of 15s to £120 17s 6d
' for spot and £120 2s Od for futures, while
' the local market closed weak at $26 37 %@
¦ 2G 75. *•
Copper declined 12s' to £57 17s Cd for both
spot and futures In the London market.
! Locally, however, the market was easy and
slightly ¦ lower, with lake a^nd electrolytic j
quoted at $12 C0@ 12 75 and casting Is held at
?12 37H@12 60, being nominal at that figure.
Lead was Is 3d lower in the English mar
ket, where it closed at £11 Is 6d. Locally j
the market is quiet and unchanged at $4 25© ;
4 35. , - . !
Spelter was quiet and unchanged at $4 75^- j
4 87 >4 and was unchanged in London at !
£21 15s.
i Iron closed at 51s 3d in Glasgow and at 43s
Od in Middlesboro. Locally iron is quiet. No.
1 foundry, northern, is quoted at $14 50@15:
No, 2 foundry northern, $14@14 00; No. 1
foundry, southern, and do soft at $12 25@13 73.
Plglron warrants were weak at $9 12%.
Family Retail Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JUNE 11, 1904.
Continued on Pa^e Fourteen* _
WHEAT— The foreign markets continued
about the same. ."Argentine cables reported
seeding backward, with • the soli too dry and
rain badly .needed. . .
The Government . issued its report, showing
an average condition of Soring- "Wheat June 1
of .03.4." against 05.9 June 1 last year and m
ten-year average of ftl.8. The condition* of
Winter Wheat was 77.7. - against 76.5 May 1
and 82.2 June 1 last year and a ten-year aver
age of .79.8. ' "¦' .-¦-....,•. ;: '•.-,-:
Chlcaco -was lower, with the cash demand
Wheat and Other Grains.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
ADCT10W SALES
lilrselForSi!
By order of JOS. ED6OX of PortervCle.
Cal., I will sell at auction 120 horses, broken
and unbroken, weighing from. 1000 to 140O
pounds; also several choice saddle horses. This
lot consists of mostly all choice younsr raiding*
and .positively must be sold. Sale takes pUc*
at
J. B. HORAN'S SALESYARD,
Cor. Tenth aad Bryant Sts- oa
MONDAY, JUNE 13 I
At 11 O'clock a. m.
S. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.$100 Rupture Cure for $10 by Hunter, 12M
Market st. Send for circular. . *
, He .may j look pleasant [ whatever- you offer,'
but set out "Old Gilt Edge", whiskey and he'll
feel pleasant. Wholesale : at 29-31 Battery st.,
S. F., Wlchman, Lutctn <t Co. . "• • ,
TO MORTGAGE CHURCH.— In the Superior
Court yesterday a petition waa filed by the
German . Evangelical Lutheran St. Paulus con
gretration . lor permission to mortgage the
church property at Cough and Eddy streets
for $18,500. The money is needed to liquidate
an indebtedness. ,. <HBftd
Attorney George D. Collins renewed
his application before Police Judge Ca
baniss yesterday morning for a war
rant for the arrest of Police Commis
sioner Hutton and Policemen Barry
and Fennell on the charge of falsely
imprisoning May Buren, one of the
inmates of 1129 Dupont street^, The
Judge said he had not been able to see
Commissioner Hutton, ; but promised
to do so and give Collins a definite
answer this morning. . Collins declares
that if- his application Is refused he
will apply for a writ of 'mandate.
Judge Still in Doubt.
Isaac ' Blackman,' aged 17, was ar
rested yesterday by Policemen Rourke
and Herring and locked up in "the,
tanks" at the City Prison pending an
Investigation. . He had. a horserand
wagon- with him and in the wagon
were two hair mattresses, a pair of
blankets ; and other arucles, which he
admitted he .had stolen from the base
ment of a house on McAllister street.
He ; was taken to police headquarters
and* on' being, questioned said he had
been stealing articles from! basements
in the Western Addition for some time
/ind selling them to second-hand deal
ers. Detective^ O'Dea and Mulcahy
were detaile'd on .the ; case and Black-'
man agreed. to take them to the places
where he had been stealing articles.
Uses Wagon for Pilf erings.
j Nothing was accomplished yester
day by the Harbor] Commissioners to
ward deciding the truth of the charge
made by Charles j J. Lercari against
Wolf & Son relative to -illegal discrim
ination in business on the Washing
ton-street wharf. The reason was
that Attorney J.B. Reinstein, who is
counsel: for; Wolf . & Son and others,
sent • a"- lett*"* in 'which the board was
informed that he was too ill to appear.
As a consequence the final proceedings
in the Lercarl-Wolf case and the tes
timony in other cases went over until
this forenoon. V,c :
Harbor Case Goes Over.
May has been in the City Prison
ever since last Wednesday morning in
connection with t : robbery of Jo
seph Brezinski, saloon-keeper at 402
Pacific street Raynie Langford, who
is supposed to have acted as a decoy
fpr J. W. Jerrett and John Duzske, ar
rested for the robbery, was found "in
May's room by the police.
Warrants were obtained from Po
lice Judge. Mogan yesterday for the
arrest of Gertie Smith, Ruby Smith
and Joseph May, a bartender, on a
charge of ; petty larceny, but the
charge may be changed to one of rob
bery. The complaining witness la E.
V. Taylor, 321 Pacific street
Taylor alleges that the two women
came to his room on the night of June
3 and started in drinking. During the
revelry May came into the room and
he and the two women threw Taylor
to the floor, took off his coat and vest,
which contained $30, and ran away
with the articles, which were later
recovered in May's room, but the
money had disappeared.
E. V. Taylor Secures Warrants for
Arrest of Gertie and Ruby Smith
and Joseph May.
ALLEGES HE WAS ROBBED ,
BY MAX AXD TWO WOME.V
Alaska Excursion^ Fcason 1904.
Land of the Midnight Sun. Glaciers
and a thousand islands en route. Inside
passage. Seasickness unknown. The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
leave Seattle, 9 a. m.. June 7. 21. July 6.
19, Aug. 2. 16. For information, apply
to Pacific Coast 8. S. Co.'s Ticket Ofllces.
4/N'ew Montgomery st. (Palace Hotel)
aid 10 Market st. C. D. Dunann, Gen,
Pass. Art., Ban Francisco. •
TRUST CLAUSE MAKES WILL VOID—
Euesjj F. Dixon created in her will a "trust
to .convey" and hence her directions as to
the disposal of her property c&nnot be obeyed.
• ecerdlEC to a decision rendered by the Su
preme Court yesterday- She wished her
*ctate to be given to Truman Tuttle Dlxon
¦when he should have reached the a«e ot thirty
years. The h»ir in this case' will not suffer,
however, a* the court declare* he must re
ceive the property, at once.
At the request of the California
Promotion Committee four crews of
the San Francisco Fire Department
gave an exhibition drill at the drilling:
tower on Seventeenth street, near Fol
som, yesterday afternoon. Moving
pictures were taken of the operations
during the drill, arid these will be ex
hibited at the St Louis World's Fair
to acquaint the world with the ef
ficiency and equipment of the San
Francisco Fire Department.
Four crews took part in the drill,
which consisted of hose work, pom
pier ladder and belt maneuvers, Ben
gal ladder drill and rescue work. So
rapidly were the maneuvers accom
plished that only 250 yards of the pic
ture tape was required to take all the
impressions of the drill. The oper
ator said it was the best series of
moving pictures he had ever taken..
The hose- drill consisted' in taking
a 100-foot line of hose from -the
ground to the top of the tower while
the remainder of the crew attached
hose to the standpipe hydrants at the
second, third and fourth stories of the
tower and carried the'lfhes to the roof:
One minute and forty-two seconds
after the- alarm four streams were
playing from the top of the tower.
pompier ladder and belt drill
consisted In raising scaling ladders
from the ground to the top . of .' the
tower, up which a fireman rushed.
Once on top of the roof the fireman
seized a comrade, attached him to hia
pompier ~ belt with a rope and de
scended on the scaling line rapidly and,
safely to the/ ground. /
The extension ladder drill followed
and fifty feet of the tower was scaled
with a line of hose within a few sec
onds. The last and most thrilling feat
was when a fireman threw himself at
random from the fourth story of the
tower and was caught in the life net
as easily as an expert -player^ would
catch a ball.
The drill was in charge of Second
Assistant Chief Shaughnessy 'and he
was very proud of the work of the
men. He said it was one of the mo3t
perfect drills he had ever witnessed
in the department
During the trial of the Eppinger case
yesterday Attorney Dunne gave a
strong clew as to the line of defense.
He intimated that as the papers by
which It Is alleged that money was
fraudulently obtained were not signed
by the defendant, but by Bernard Ett
linger, the wrong man was being pros
ecuted.
The case is dragging along slowly,
and the greater portion of the day was
occupied in arguing on technical points,
enlivened only -by an occasional inter
change of compliments between oppos
ing counsel. Frank S. Mitchell, who
for a number of years was employed
as bookkeeper for Epplnger & Co. and
at present is assisting Mr. Wadsworth,
the receiver of the , defunct firm, was
recalled to the stand yesterday morn
ing. The prosecution questioned him
regarding certain books which he had
previously stated were In Epplnger &
Co.'s office and might have been the
grain books of the Pacific Warehouse
Company. He stated, however, that! he
had examined the books and they were
not the missing grain books.- What has
become of these books. is a mystery.
They disappeared at the time of the
failure of the firm, and all attempts to
locate them have proved futile. In
these books was kept a record of the
grain actually in the warehouse, and if
fraud has been committed they would
be of Immeasurable value to the prose
cution. V'** : - •?"
Another witness, H. C. Bunker, grain
inspector for the Merchants' Exchange,
testified as to the shipment of the spe
cific lots of wheat on which the money
was loaned. He said that on December
5 he went to Crockett at- the request of
the grain committee of the Merchants'
Exchange to. examine some wheat, and
while there saw lots B 707 and 708
weighed and loaded on the bark Pierre
Loti. This was four months before the
loan was made on warehouse receipts
for these lots of wheat. The witness
wished to refresh his memory regarding
the location of grain piles from a letter
press copy of memoranda made by
himself, but this was not permitted,
and he was excused until the original
can be secured.
J. J. McAvoy, a deputy grain In
spector, testified that he had delivered
a blank form for a report as to the
amount of grain on hand at the office
of the Pacific Coast Warehouse Com
pany on the first of each month, and
they were always returned to him prop
erly filled out by the bookkeeper. He
had never received one from either of
the Eppingers of from Mr. Ettlinger.
The case was continued until Mon
day, and in the meantime the jurors
will be taken out for an airing to some
point they may select within the city
limits. I
Found Unconscious in Gutter.
The police are Investigating the case
of Sie Hashimoto, Japanese maid, for
Mrs. W. J. Anderson, 3645 Clay street.
She was found in an unconscious con
dition in the gutter on Sacramento
street, near Spruce, : on Tuesday night
and was taken to Ithe California Chil
dren's Hospital and next morning re
gained consciousness. There was an
abrasion on her forehead and cheek
bone. She said she remembered leav
ing the car, but whether she fell: from
it and staggered to the gutter, where
she ..was "found she has no recollec
tion. Detectives Bunner and Freel
are Vr^orklnff on the case. 7 * .,
DO you wear glasses; Properly fitting
Classes and Murinc Eye Remedy pro
mote Eye comfort. Murine makes weak
eyes strong. Cures sore eyes. ' • «•
Threat of Suicide.
Coroner Leland received, through
the mail yesterday the following note,
written in pencil and mailed at the
ferry postoffice at* 2 p. m., June 7:- !
BAN FRANCISCO, June 7. 1904.— To the
Coroner: You win -find my earcass • on the
Band dunes south of the Parlc | No, Inquest, is
necessary. Strychnine is my route. Give my
body to one of the medical colleges: probably
they can find some- good ir. it; I can't.- ¦ /
H. P. .WAGBNJ3R. Detroit. Mich.
• P- 8. — If any one chould remark that he can
beat the races tend him to a nut factory.
ATTORNEY j(tX,EGES. DAMAGE. — H. H.
Ivcwenthal, *n attorney, yesterday filed dult In
th* . Superior Court acalnst Abby M. Parrott,
owner of the Parrott bundle*, tor $10,000 dam
aees* He »:ieRes that for eight years he has
occupied . o«lc«»» in the bulldins and wa»
•¦wrongfully, - unlawfully - and ¦wickedly"
ejected by P. J. Sullivan, agent. He «ay« that
hU reputation as lawyer wa» thereby damaged
In the luia mentioned. -
Clancy has served a term of six
months for vagrancy and was released
about the beginning of the year.
An Investigation phowed that Clan
cy toad niade a thorough search <n
th«^ library for something that he
could carry away with him and rell
without trouble, but nothing was
missing and when searched at the City
Prison nothing, of an incriminating
nature was found upon him. .,
For the last six months articles
have been stolen from the parochial
residence, but no clew could be got to
tfie thief or how he . could possibly
have obtained an entrance. It is now
suspected that Clancy has been the
thief and that he followed the same
course In climbing over the roofs.
John Clancy, a victim of the cocaine
hafcit, hu^g around the corner of Cal
ifornia and Dupont streets for more
than two hours yesterday morning
and about 9 o'clock effected an en
trance to the parochial residence of
the Paulist Fathers adjoining St.
Mary's Church through a window in
the top story- He had climbed over
the roofs of houses on Dupont street
from Sacramento to reach the paroch
ial residence.
John Baker, the butler, saw him
eliding down the balustrade and raised
an alarm. Clancy dashed out of th«
front door, pursued by Baker, and af
ter a -chase of several blocks Clancy
ran into the arms of Policeman Grun
wald, who took him to the City Prison.
There was something novel In this
quest for a needed drug store. Pos
sibly it was unexampled. The people
were, however, equal to the emer
gency. They wrote to the California
State Board of Trade concerning their
needs and wishes. Manager Arthur
R. Briggs. as soon as he received their
letter, sent out a circular communica
tion addressed to the drug trade of
San Francisco, in which it was asked
that Hornbrook should be borne in
mind. Yesterday a letter was re
ceived from & Cx>., in which
the statement was contained that T.
M. Teass has decided to go to Horn
brook and dispense drugs to the peo
ple. This was promptly communi
cated to Hornbrook by Manager
Briggs.
Some time ago the people of Horn
brook, Jn Siskiyou County, realized,
that among their necessities was the
existence of a drug store In their
town. Systematically they went to
work to secure such an Institution.
The population of Hornbrook is small
and the health of the people, owing
to their climate and their out of door
habits, has been dlsdouragingly good
to any medical man or chemist. But
therA are fleshly ills in all parts of the
world and there are some at Horn
brook.
Novel Use of California State Board
of Trade Is Successfully Made
by a Town.
Members of Department Give
Drill for^Ioving Pictures
to Be Shown at St Louis
John Clancy Takes Desper
ate Cnances While Reach
ing Parochial Residence
Attorney Dunne Gives Inti
mation of the Line of De
fense in the Eppinger Case
UORNBROOK XEEa»S DRl'G
STORE AXD SECURES OSE
FIREFIGHTERS
ON EXHIBITION
CUE IS GIVEN
IN GRAIN CASE
DARING CLIMB
OF A BURGLAR
Charles A. Lyon, who lives at th»
Hotel Xetherland. secured a search
warrant from Police Judge Cabaniss
yesterday to obtain possession . from
J. M. Wilkins. proprietor of the Cliff
House of a trunk containing personal
and theatrical property of the value
of $1000. He says that he and Wllkina
entered into partnership with the ob
ject of taking several performing sea
lions and seals to the St. Louis Expo
sition which have been on exhibition
for some time near the Cliff House>
but Wilkins has refused to carry out
the agreement and also to give Lyon
a share of the receipts, claiming that
Lyon owes him $800.
Ljon Wants His" Trunk.
ing his purpose because he had already
threatened suicide, she went back Into
the house with him and tried to take
the bottle away. He resisted, and dur
ing the scuffle the cork fell out of the
bottle, which contained carbolic add.
and some of the contents was spilled
on the left side of Mrs. Cawley's face,
burning it severely. Maddened with
pain, she ran Into the street scream-
Ing for help. Before she returned Caw
ley had swallowed the remainder of the
acid, and when she re-entered the room
with neighbors her husband fell dead
at her feet.
The associates of the unfortunate
man say that he had been exhibiting
symptoms of insanity for some time.
Corporal William H.\ Cawley swal
lowed carbolic acid yesterday morning
despite the struggles of his wife to pre
vent it and died within % few minutes.
Some of the cocrosive fluid was spilled
on the left side of her face, burning
her severely. .
Cawley. was 26 years old and a mem
ber of the Seventlefn* v Compariy of Coast
Artillery. He had been eight years in
the army and had only a year and four
months more to serve. He married his
wife during his present term of enlist
ment and was very anxious to obtain
his discharge f rom * the ' army. 'Mrs.
Cawley was working as a waitress in
the Palm restaurant, on Market street,
and says that she gave Captain John
son $65 as necessary expenses for the
obtaining of her husband's! discharge.
Colonel Morris disapproved of the ap
plication and Captain Johnson returned
the money to Mrs. Cawley.
Cawley was very morose^ over the
failure to obtain his discharge, and set
tled into a chronic melancholia. He
left his wife's room at 3Q26 Pierce street
yesterday morning a little before 7
o'clock and returned in a few minutes i
with a package In his hand as she was
starting, for her work/ In answer to her
question as. to the package he replied
that it- was a bottle o£ liniment. Divin-
She Is Severely Burned on
the Face by the | Poison
Spilled During the Scuffle
The funeral took place yesterday
morning from the late quarters of the
suicide at Angel Island. The body lay
in state until about 1:30, attended by
a guard of soldiers. It was then borne
to the steamer McDowell and brought
to "this city. It was accompanied by
Colonel A. 'C. Markley, Adjutant Eu
gene McAlexander, Captain J. R.
Lindsey, Captain. A. S. Kerwin, Cap
tain Samuel L. Faison, Captain F. P.
Siviter, Lieutenant H. A. Hanigan and
Lieutenant A. C. Arnold.
. When the McDowell reached the
Clay-street wharf the funeral party
was, received by Major Morrow, Major
A. R. Paxton, Capta'in Charles R.
Howland v and a large number of rep
resentative men from -the Bohemian
Club. The body was placed upon a
caisson, drawn by six magnificent
black chargers. The casket was
covered with the American flag, which
was almost hidden from view by a
great wealth of floral offerings.
¦_ Preceded by the band and followed
by. officers, friends and- a company of
the Thirteenth Infantry, the cortege
slowly moved up East street to the
ferry depot, from which point the body
was sent' East* to . the father and
mother of . the deceased, now residing
in Chicago.-* \ .
, An investigation into the causes of
his death will be .commenced next
week, but the board has not yet been
appointed. , ' ';'.''
FULL* MILITARY RITES.
It was ajso rumored that he had
been brood*in* over his j connection
with the Madden case, In which he
acted as attorney for Captain Hector
A. Robichon. This case is again to
be opened up in August - and-* it is i
thought, possible he might again be '
dragged into further notoriety and de-|
cided to put an end to matters before;
they had gone any farther. |
"I can see no possible reason for
Captain Wild's rash act. He was a
brave man and was never a coward.
If there was a mysterious something
in the background I do not think that
would force him to take his life. His
affairs are all straight."
Captain Charles R. Howland, who
was also an* intimate friend, could
offer no possible solution. Major
Henry M. Morrow, who was also an
intimate friend, was entirely* at a loss
to account for the motive of Captain
"\Vild"s death. Of course, there are
many rumors flying through the build
ing that the affair with the fascinating
Mrs. Evelyn ' Pittman probably had
something to do with it. That he was
her, devoted friend until a few months
past was a well known fact. For the
last few months, however, they had
been very little together^ although he
frequently telephoned, to her flat and
only last week went to call upon her,
but he was told that she was "not at
home.'.'. /.' -^ ?¦*'"?
:A spirit of gloom' pervaded all the
offices at army headquarters. Major
S. -\V. Dunning, in speaking of the af
fair, said:
GLOOM AT HEADQUARTERS.
That Captalff Frederick Samuel
Wild took his own life is no longer f£
matter of question. The examination
made by the surgeons and others who
had the case in charge established be
yond a doubt that he deliberately
killed himself. From the position and
appearance of the body he must have
stood directly in front of the mirror,
and, then pressing the pistol close In
the flesh, directly over his heart, he
fired the fatalshot. His entire heart
and the portions immediately sur
rounding, it were torn into fragments,
causing-' a wound of enormous size.
The bullet passed through his body,
and,, striking his spinal column, shat
tered 'it in' two. Death was instan
taneous.
The reasons and causes for the un
timely end of this brilliant young of
ficer are still sh~rouded in the deepest
mystery. The sensation of his death i
and his funeral were the sole topics of
conversation outside of business af
fairs at army headquarters yesterday.
Noone could offer any solution for his
mysterious' taking off, but one and all
his friends (and he seemed to be well
known throughout the whole army
circle here) spoke of him with the
highest regard and regrets at his un
timely death. .
Comrades in Arms of the
Deceased March in Im
posing Funeral Cortege
A TRIBUTE TO THE DEAD
HE DIES AT HER. FEET
Examination Shows ' Young
Officer Pressed Pistol* Close
to Heart and Fired Shot
Corporal Cawley of Coast
Artillery Ivills . Himself
in Spite of Wife's Efforts
WILD'S SUICIDE
MOST TRAGIC
SOLDIER TAKES
CARBOLIC ACID
Y 1 tiii SAN VkANCISCU CALL, r SATURDAY, J UNE 11, ¦ 19U4.
16
MALE'S. ;!„. HJLL^ S -
Children's Dresses
Dressy and Summery and Not as Expensive as You Would
TTnf fnr varatmn I Knickerbocker ties arid collar, pat-
.. HO I lor vacation ! . ent leather or white .kid b*lt and
And the pretty dresses the lit- embroidered insignia on the front
tie girls may- wear while they p1 !?!V-,l t% *
are having a good time. ?BV hlte Drcsses $ 3-95-
BOo— Heavy percale, yoke effect, ruf- Soft, sheer organdie, fine tucked yokes,
fies over the shoulders, collar and trimmed with Valenciennes lace.
currs s edged with lace. « to 14 cape -d^olla^wnh
95e^ — Percales, madrases, charnbrays iace ' ¦ •/ :.'¦:: **"' 1
and German ginghams, pretty Girls Jackets $2.0 >.
yokes, cape collars, trimmed with J
; braids and lace; full gathered Taffeta, lined throughout with heavy
. • skirts. . ¦ ' mercerized lining, large pointed
$1.36 — Sailor suits, heavy linen crash. collars, box backs double-breasted
sailor collar and tie, made of fronts with pearl buttons, trimmed
red or blue galatea, fancy braid. "with black medallion*.
$1.95 — Mercerized chambrays, clever furls' Pnn<r«» Cnats •$- on
Russian blouse. effect, navy blue. OlrlS rongee
oxblood and green, with white Mercerized lining throughout, large.
braid trimming. heavy lace cap© collar, with belt
$3.95— Buster Brown's suits, in mer- across the back held in place with
cerized chambrays, with turn-over two fancy/buttons, lace front.
White Castile Soap Saturday Veilings.
1 3C Bar. Dainty ideas^ See them and you'll
fc , uv. y . magpie and gray mixes.
r,. . . rk . Chiffon hat veils or drapes, pretty,
Dig Jar KeXOleum attractive "styles so ooou'.ar at
(Same as vaseline.) present. Come with hemstitched
A n t tflr borders and dotted effects or
KJUiy JUC w j t j, pretty silk stitching around
A pound to every jar; four times the hem; some with dainty ribbon
.as much as you usually get for ioc in different widths; black, white.
and as good a quality as is to be brown, blue; 65c, 75c, $1.00, $1.25
had. and $1.50.
Whisk Brooms 10c. her ladyship corset-
An excellent quality, well made, Th * P°P« lar c ° rs . et , of the h ° w - II '*
with extra wired handles. ™ de and . ™ oMed to . SUIt the | at «t
. fancy and in accordance with the
Saturday Candy. latest hygicnic ideas -
French mixed chocolates and 6& /ST^fiffl J TBf'
creams, in a choice assortment, 25c S *1$yj£r& /$/ **£S3k^s'C
3 large rolls of crisps, ioc. >sP_ — -— "^^Z ¦ — -^r^^
They're usually *c each. \ "^ ' "" '" '¦'
ADVERTISEMENTS*
TO MEET THE POPULAR
DEMAND. •
The CAIili asain offers to Sun-
• day want ad. patrons ~
THE PERFECT CAN. OPENER
An unexcelled premium. '
The latest and? most improved
• article of this kind ' on
. the market.. . -
GIFTS GIVEN TO-DAY
" to want advertisers in - - -
11 SUNDAY EDITION.
ADVEBTISEMESTS.
Lundstrom
Mat
At $3.50 and $3.50 Is full va:.« —
th« actual factory value of th« hat.
No Inflation for maker's nan-* nor
added Jobbers' profits. A black hat
that wilt POSITIVELY NOT
FADE. More Lunistrem Hats are
worn In San Francisco than tho««
or «ny other thrve firms com-
bined.
Just try a Lundstrom Hat.
PACIFIC COAST
HAT WORKS,
"THE BIG. BUST HAT SHOP."
1458 Market, Street,
Opp. Central Theater.
And *605 KEARNY STREET.
"FAST COLOR"
Of whatever degree of delicacy is
not harmed^ in the cleansing by our
system of handling.
Send us that fancy shirt of yours
on trial and note the pleasure you
experience when it's unwrapped on
its return.
We'll call for it if you but say the
word.
UNITED STATES LAVNDBY,
1004 MARKET STBSST.
Telephone South 420.
TOOTH POWDER i
7L:rc is no Beauty
that can stand the disfigurement of b&A
teeth. Take caro ot your teeth. Oal-r
one way— *
Illpli Parker's"]
1 [IIP^l Balsam j
i Promotes tne growta of tlia'lialr and ! '
; {fives It the lustro anc!sllilz:es30f youtH.'; !
TOiea tbe balr Is gray or faded It ;
BB1N6S BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOfc <>
J ! It prevents Dandruff and hatr ftmr^ ! >
; and keeps toe scalp clean and healtny. ]»
A OTUflif A To "^y Cured. Causa re-
A1%N I 81 VI tl moved. Health ivstorM.
/*¦ IDETf\ F ? ver - Book 80 Free,
uUKLU p! te HAR0LD HATES.
BaCalo. N. T.
MARKS BEOS.
$2.00 Waist, $1.45
A fine WHITE INDIA LAWN WAIST,
us pictured, la a splendid bargain at ?I.I."».
Kntlre front trimmed ln^ fmbroMfry In-
sertion. Made with stylish broad effect.
7C SILK AND 30
/DC LISLE VEST OVC
ill
Silk and lisle low neck *leevel*8S VEST.
as pictured. Comes in all sizes and all
colors.
( $1.25 s VS£!t k 89c
Here's an Ideal perfect flarlnr OUTING
SKIRT for summer wear. • Comes In a
neat black and white check. White braid
and pearl buttons heightens th«> general
tone - of - this ¦ swagger walking skirt
15c BULGARIAN OVER COLLAR, as
pictured, special to-day lit 5e. Cuffs to
match. Be. ' " .
Ribbon Saving,
20c KindY 10c
LOUISINE RIBBON, heat-y cord cdjre. 5
inches wide, ¦ all colors. Special. at 10c.
Just the thins:., for women's neckwear. -
SPcaiid^ScBclts^Sc
Corded Taffeta and '¦ Peau de ' Sole SILK
BELTS, oxidized buckles front -and ' back.
50c Veils, 25c
> FlowinsJUESH VEILS, in all colors. 1%
yards Ions. Special at l!."»t\
MrMbros,
. .:'„•, '"T^ e Home of Honest, Values"
1220-1222-1224 r Market St.
¦¦- : ADVERTISEMENTS. -...¦.:'... '' ' •*i:'--'-C
In supplying vacation clothes for the children Brown
leads. Here are to be found styles and variety that no other
store approaches — prices — just look at the following:
\^Ol!I1<y 1\/fpfi'c Jackets and trousers.. In tweeds and -^
£ UHllg ifiCil o homespuns. Pants made with turn-ups ®P *y HBHW
C\T\*\v+cr QtzS^o and belt strap. A perfect summer suit. *ra £ t^J3%JS
VrUUIlg Olillb 15 to 19 years, from
Wash SllitS Two-Piece I °° o1 Summer CIotheS
Half Price Mi ¦ »«» Redllced One Half
We have a few of the Wash fi\ \fu (\ Norfolk SoitS style^short'pants, 3 to 12 yea^s,
Suits left. Mothers appreciated U ' -h ft?) All wool; trousers $2.50; reduced to. .... $1.25
our prices last week and ' i n e d; Tweeds ' Same with long pants, $ 3 -OO ;
bought almost all; but we 8ITID homespuns, in sum- reduced to 8150
don't want one suit left, so the \"i\ mer weights; 8 to 16 v\ \ ¦ c -V ' xt" V Vi I 1
r . cf __ _ + v.^if A 1 Khaki Suits, Norfolk style,
rest go at nail-price. II 3'ears; wears excel- o . ,- ' , J 1
~ c ¦ » rivw i'Ii .11 8 to 16 years, $4.00: reduced
$1.50 Suits 75c Jn lently; a stylish out- 7 » v-t > conn
<^nn Suit* cinft /'I ing suit. •. lo " ' 3>-£.UU
S-.00 bmts. . . .§1.00 U \J * ; Fine White Duckj Norfolk
S2.50 Suits.... 81.25 &L m $1 OH style, 8 to 16 years, $3.00 ; re-
$3.50 Suits, ...$1.75 W duced to.../. '..$1.50
f* We
Give W
More Good Tea Jl
More Good Coffee
More Good Spices
More Coupons
More Pretty Premfams
4 Watch Our # '
r Stores. J&
Prices Talk. *||
It Pays to Trade I *
j AT ¦ *
Great American Importing Tea Co's
Mores
8C1 Market 210 Grtnt *»«. 1419 Polk
149 Sixth ' IStt Devisadero 70S Larlcin
475 Haizht 3006 Sixteenth SES Hare.
2285 Mission £.21 Monte'r are. 62 Market
ZOOS FiHrnore 2516 Mission 146 Ninth
866 Third - 469 Fourth 2782 Hth