PRICE FIVE CENTS
CHICAGO. June 20.— So many State delegations swung into the Fairbanks column fo-day that before noon the Indiana Senator appeared to be practically certain'of the nomination for the Vice Presi
dency. New York's declaration for Eoosevelt and Fairbanks to-night was all that was needed to win over the undecided delegations. One resnltof the day's conferences is that the forthcoming plat
form will have a strong "stand-pat" plank relating to the tariff, the revisionists having failed to make any headway. Apparently the national convention will nominate candidates, adopt the platform and
adjourn without the semblance of a contest to disturb the harmony of the proceedings.
ROOSEVELT AND FAIRBANKS WILL HEAD THE TICKET
LIAOYAXG, June 20. — A general engagement is proceeding at Kaichou. The first train bearing wounded men has passed through here, going northward. The Japanese force engaged is Ku
roki's main army. It has been officially announced here that the Russian loss at the battle of Yafangow was 17 officers and 519 men killed, 97 officers and 1988 men wounded, and 12 officers and 793 men
missing. General Oku is pursuing General Stakelberg. '
GREAT BATTLE IN PROGRESS IN VICINITY OF KAICHOU
War New3 Continued on Pace 4, J
was hushed up. No cause for the shoot
ing can be learned. Grill Is said to have
been drinking of late, and on numerous
occasions has flourished a revolver.
FRESNO. June 20.— The infant son of
Lawrence Hulbert of Selma choked to
le&th to-day on a bean which he drew
down bis windpipe while at play.
Baby Choked by a Bean.
GIBRALTAR. Jun^ 20. — The United
States battleship squadron, consist
ing of the Kearsarge. Alabama. Maine
and Iowa, arrived here to-day and
will sail for Tangier after coaltn*.
Onr Battleships at Gibraltar.
Convention News Continued on Pace 2
Cardinal Satolli Guest of Honor.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— Cardinal
Satolli was the guest of honor at a
dinner given by Secr/tary Taft at the
Arlington. Hotel to-night.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. June 20. — The
Court of Appeals to-day overruled the
petition for rehearing in the case of
Janx-s B. Howard vs. the common
wealth. Howard was given a life sen
tence on the charge of murdering
¦William Goebel. The petition says
nothing of the appeal to the United
States Supreme Court.
Kentucky Court of Appeals Rules
Against the Petition of James
B. Howard.
MURDERER OF GOEBEL
DENIED A REHEARING
MISSOULA. Mont., June 20.— Four
men, suspected of being the robbers
who held up the Northern Pacific train
at Bear Mouth, appeared at a mining
camp on Harvey Creek, twelve miles
south of Bear Mouth, Friday night and
demanded food. They were mounted
and carried canvas bags. One man
held up the minere while the others
ransacked the camp for food for them
selves and their horses. After remain-
Ing two hours for rest the four rode
off in a southerly direction.
Four Men Believed to Be Robbers of
Northern Pacific Train Hold
Up Gold Seekers.
SUPPOSED BANDITS PAY
VISIT TO MINING CAMP
During the* trip Hall left the throt
tle and shoveled coal into the furnace
with a madman's fury. When the train
rushed into the depot the fireman
leaped from the cab and ran for his
life. He had been unable to do.any
thing with Hall when the engineer be
gan to rave.
The engineer was overpowered and
held a prisoner in his cab until Nelson
was reached, where he was handed
over to the police. So desperate were
his struggles while on the way to the
lockup that four ! men had all they
could do to hold him. Aside from the
unusual speed, the passengers knew
coining of what had occurred,
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 20.— A
raving maniac ran the Canadian Pa
cific passenger trein into Slocan Junc
tion this morning. Engineer C. A. Hall
had become violently insane, and de
clared he would run a train faster than
it had ever gone before- How the train
reached Slocan safely is a mystery and
a miracle, for Hall was at the throttle
and In command.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MILWAUKEE. June 20.— William
Randolph Hearst, candidate for Presi
dential nomination on the Democratic
ticket and for a ', time considered «a
Presidential possibility. Is defendant In
garnishee proceedings instituted by one
of -his former Milwaukee lieutenants. '
William K. Kershaw, former secre
tary of the Hearst League, is the plain
tiff and the amount he seeks to recover
is. $153. The suit is brought In Justice
Graves' court, the papers being return
able on August 1.
I It is. claimed the sum "Sought is for
services and expenses .during the Wis
consin campaign.
Special Dispatch . to The Ca.lL
Roy Grill, who has been a conductor
on the Interurban Electric Railway, at
tempted to shoot Irving White, the in
structor at the swimming baths. Man
ager Brooks of the hotel , was con
versing with White when'Grill entered,
and without warning drew, his revolver.
Brooks was In the direct line of the
gun and he dodged, at the same time
shouting for the ¦ attendants to ' grab
GrilL The • gun was . taken away from
the would-be assailant and he was
given a good beating.
The police were notified, but before
the>« arrived Grill had left the place.
His gun.' a thirty-eight calibre, was
taken from him. A He was afterward
arrested. To-morrow j Manager Brooks
will charge Grill with attempt to mur
der and will prosecute him. . . . .-¦¦
Last night Grill fired a shot at White
in the bathing pavilion, but the matter
SAN JOSE, June 20.— There was a sen
sational gun play in the bathing pa
vilion at Hotel Vendome this evening
that scattered the guests and created
great excitement.;
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
Makes Editor De
fendant in Law-
Suit
Crazy Engineer Runs
Train at Awful
Hotel Vendome Astir
Over Shooting
Affray.
The fireman jumped and rolled down
the steep embankment. He was slight
ly, injured. The brakeman who saved
the train was heartily congratulated
on his braver?*.
LAUREL. Del., June 20.— Plunging
through an open draw into Laurel
River, at the edge of this town, a lo
comotive drawing a .passenger train
to-day struck a laden lumber schooner
that was passing, wrecked the vessel,
killed the engine driver and tore 'away
a large section of the bridge. The
train and its passengers were saved by
a brakeman. who dashed under the
forward car, near the edge of the
bridge, and uncoupled it from the lo
comotive In. time for the train employes
to apply the hand brakes.
The train, on the Pennsylvania Rail
way, was approaching the bridge at a
high rate of speed. The bridge had
been turned off for the 1 ! passage of the
lumber laden schooner, and the danger
signals were properly set, but County,
the engine driver, j failed to see them
until he was nearly at the river's edge.
He gave the signal for the brakes, but
they failed to work on the locomotive
itself, which shot to the edge of the
bridge and turned over, falling direct
ly upon the schooner and pinning the
engine driver under' water, where he
was drowned. His body was rescued
an hour later.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
"WASHINGTON. June 20.— It can be
stated with definiteness that Repre
sentative Victor H. Metcalf of the
Third California District will succeed
Secretary George E. Cortelyou as- head
of the Department of Commerce and
Labor. It has been assumed for ten
days that Metcalf probably would be
invited to accept the portfolio. Presi
dent Roosevelt holds him in high
esteem, and for a long time he has
been in closer touch with President
Roosevelt than almost any other mem
ber of the House of Representatives.
To-day Cortelyou's resignation was
accepted and Metcalf was summoned
to Washington.
No change will be made in the de
partment until the close of the present
fiscal year on the 30th instant. Cortel
you will conclude the work of a year.
as several matters of importance which
he has initiated are pending.
President Roosevelt has formally In
vited Paul Morton of the Santa Fe
railroad to become Secretary of the
Navy, Morton has the offer under con
sideration and has not yet given any
intimation of his acceptance or declin
ation. Should Morton decline. Metcalf
could take the naval portfolio if he
preferred it to that of commerce.
Special Dlrpatch to Th* Call.
THROTTLE
IS HELD BY
A MADMAN
"SHOUTER"
FOR HEARST
WANTS PAY
GUN PLAY
IS ALARMING
TO GUESTS
Paul Morton Is Of
fered the Naval
Portfolio.
Plunges Down Upon
Schooner in
I GREAT AUDITORIUM IN WHICH THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION' WILL ASSEMBLE.
LOCOMOTIVE
RACES INTO
OPEN DRAW
METCALF
SUCCEEDS
CORTELYOU
SIMUCHEN. Manchuria. June 20.—
The Japanese artillery at the battle of
Vafangow included heavy siege guns
using lyddite and sweeping the entire
battlefield. Th* Japanese suffered tre
mendous losses In turning the Russian
right, one battalion of the Twenty
sixth Regiment being annihilated. Tha
hospital station at Vafangow was re
peatedly struck by th» enemy's shells,
which mutilated the Russian tvounrteci.
LIAOTANO. June 20. — A correspond
ent who spent the night at Haichens
reports having heard heavy firing to
the southward and believes It to have
been either an attack upon Tashichiao
or the fleet again bombarding the
coast, near Kaipinsr. The firing con
tinued from 10 o'clock at flight until
2 o'clock in the morning.
JAPANESE USING IAT>DITE.
It is estimated that the Japane?<»
force moving northward Is 70.000
strong, with 90.000 men In the aggre
gate engaged In the operations at Port
Arthur.
NEWCHWAXG. June 20.— A Russian
officer who was wounded in the battle
at Vafangow (Telisau) told a corre
spondent that the losses on both sides
were severe. He places the Russian
casualties at 7000. He says no soldiers
in the world could have withstood the
Japanese as they have been fighting
lately. Their artillery fire, he says. Js
marvelously effective. The Russians
fought stubbornly, desperately, but
were unable to withstand the enemy's
dashing persistency.
Several hundred wcunded Russians
have been sent north, owing to a lack
of hospitals and surgeons. The Jap
anese buried most of the Russian dead
after the battle.
RUSSIAN PRAISES THE FOE.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 20.— A de
tailed report of the Russian losses at
the battle of Vafangow, given out thl3
afternoon, places the total at 200©
killed or wounded, mostly men who
belonged to the troops forming: the
Russian right flank.
The Emperor has received the follow
ing dispatch from General Kuropatkin:
•"The enemy in the direction of
SaimatZ3e and Fengwangcheng have
not only stopped but have made a retro
grade movement. They have evacuat
ed several point3 toward the north of
Fengwangcheng, which until recently
they occupied.
"The movement of the Japanese
troops toward the Dalime defile has
been stopped, but a rather important
movement of the Japanese forces h3«
been discovered in the direction of
Siuyen and Haicheng or Siuyen and
Tashichiao."
Chinese who witnessed the fighting
from the Russian side report that the
Russians removed many dead on the
trains with their wounded, and that
they buried or cremated many corpses
in the village of Huasungkou before
they retreated.
The number of prisoners and trophies
taken by the Japanese is increasing.
General Oku is not yet able to report
the total number of prisoners.
SLAV REPORT OF IXJSSES.
Up to June 17 General Oku had
buried 1j16 Russian dead, and he re
ports that many more dead have been
found.
TOKIO. June 20.— Further reports re
ceived here show that the blow in
flicted by General Oku upon the Rus
sians in the fighting at Telissu (Vafan
gow) on June 15 was more severe than
at first was believed. The number of
Russian killed in this battle probably
will exceed 2000, and their total losses,
including prisoners, is estimated at 10,
000. The Japanese losses are less than
1000, or about one-tenth of the Russian
total.
Complimentary ballots will be cast
for many favorite sons, although it is
known that the Indiana Senator will
be nominated. Colorado will vote for
John W. Springer. Illinois for Robert
Hitt. Missouri for Cyrus P. Wellbridge.
Nebraska for John L. Webster and
Wisconsin for former Governor Ed
ward Schofield.
No doubt before the ballot Is com
pleted all these States will change and
cast their votes for Senator Fairbanks,
making the nomination unanimous.
Indiana, acting upon the wishes of
the Senator, will not present his name,
but it Is expected that the other States
axe ready to do so. Possibly the
nomination ivill come from Alabama,
the first State on the rolL
During the day former Secretary
Long sprang the name of Secretary
Taft and Massachusetts men went
forth and discussed the suggestion
tvith other delegates. Ohio received
th** proposition with the statement
That it was unfair to Secretary Taft
to bring him out at this time, and,
further, that Ohio had decided to sup
port Fairbanks, who is a native of that
State.
OHIO CHECKS TAFT BOOM.
action would be used against him four
>*>ars hence if he phould be a candi
date for the Presidency. By pursuing
the course he has and accepting a
party call they believe he has obli
gated the party to him. Had he been
an aspirant for the place, they argue,
th*> obligation would be the other way.
In trying to "smoke out" Senator
Fairbanks, it Is claimed, the party
leaders who have been active with the
names of other men wanted to make
It plain that no obligation was created
by naming Fairbanks for the place.
While this is all very remote from
th* present situation, it is regarded as
showing that the conditions surround
ing the selection of Roosevelt for
Vice President four years ago are still
fresh in the minds of Republican poli
ticians. At the same time they do not
spree that a precedent was created
four years ag-o or will be created by
nominating Fairbanks at this conven
tion.
There was pome dealing in futures
in the Vice Presidential game to-day.
Jienator Fairbanks' friends were of the
opinion that if he expressed either a
ddffC for the nomination or a disin
clination to accept the place such
LOOKING TO THE FUTURE.
This attitude seemed to irritate some
of the leaders, who saw no reason why
the Senator should not come out with
a formal statement.
he was not a candidate and would not
allow the Indiana, delegation to ex
press itself in favor of his nomination.
Considerable criticism has been di
rected at Senator Fairbanks because
of his failure to definitely declare his
position. All that it has been possible
to obtain from him was a statement
that he did not consider the honor one
which a man should seek or decline
end if the party wanted him and
needed him he would accept, although
Eome other man. These attempts
failed almost in their inception and it
? irly became apparent that Fairbanks
was the choice of most of the delega
j:ons. New York's action was more
formal that that of other States and
practically settled all doubt, even
among those who were opposed to the
Indiana man-
CHICAGO. June 20. — The nomina
tion of Senator Charles W. Fairbanks
for Vice President was regarded as
Pitied to-night when New York de
t-ided to cast her seventy-eight votes
for him. While it has seemed a fore
(jone conclusion for some time that
the Indiana, senator would be Roose
velfs running mate, efforts have been
made to bring out other candidates
and start a stampede of delegates for
Chinese Report That the Russians
Themselves Removed Trainloads
of Bodies.
Indiana Senator Is Looking Forward
to Higher Eonors Fonr
Years Hence.
Fifteen Hundred of the
Foe's Dead.
Japanese Bury More Tban
Bnt One Ballot Will Be
Necessary for Second
Place on Ticket.
Awful Slaughter in
the Battle at
Telissu,
Empire State Caucus
Decides (be
Contest.
FAIRBANKS
GIVEN NEW
YORK'S VOTE
SLAV LOSS
TOTALS TEN
THOUSAND
+
TEE WEATHXEn
Porec*rt mad* at San 7raa
cslco for thirty hours eadiar
mldnirht. June 21:
Eaa Fraactsco and vicinity—
Cloudy Tuesday, with tog la the
xaomiagr; brl>k aonthweat winds.
A. O. MCAD1X.
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call
s. - THE THIATIBS,
Alcaxar — "Iiorers' Itana."
Calif ornia — "A Prince of Liars."
Central— "iiarhti o* Xtmfioa."*
Columbia — "Tie Frond Friace.™
Ciutss — Vandsville.
Plsclier's — "The Mormon*."
Graad — "Dn Barry.".
Orpfceom — "Vandevilla.
Tivoli— "BoWn Hood."
VOLUME XCYI— NO. 21.
.SAN- FRANCISCO,. TUESDAY, JUNE .21. 1904.Twelve-Year-Old Girl Ig \ Accidentally
Killed at a Picnic Near
Fresno. ...
v FRESNO, June 20.— Twelve-year-old
Minnie' Gallman of this city, while at a
picnic to-day, was killed by the acci
dental discharge of r rifle. She pulled
the gun from a buggy. and the hammer
caught on the seat. .
PULLS GUn, MUZZLE FIRST. .
AND NOW SHE IS DEAD
CHICAGO, June 20.— The present na
tional committee met to-day for the
last time and finished the few details
left for . its consideration. No national
committee meetings will be held until
the new organization Is formed at the
close of the convention. •
.When the members met to-day. Sen-,
ator Scott of West Virginia . took the
chair. Senator McComas of Maryland
at once Introduced a resolution that
Acting Chairman • Henry . C Payne ¦' be
made chairman for the remaining time
Old National Committee Holds Its
Final Meeting. '
ITS WORK IS DONE.
"Say to the boys- of the National
League In Chicago that it is just such
unselfish and aggressive work. as they
are doing for the party throughout the
country that appeals most strongly to
me; It is the kind of work that makes
for good in ; the party and in the na
tion. I , want to be remembered most
cordially to league workers."
. CHICAGO, June 20.— The executive
committee of the League of Republican
Clubs met to-day and decided to have
the next meeting of the league in In
dianapolis on October 5 and 6. The
following message from President
Roosevelt was read:
League of Republican Clubs Will Meet
r -i-< r * n October.
INDIANAPOLIS IS CHOSEN.
: Prominent Republicans in both Ter
ritories "say they have been disappoint
ed so often that they want some reg
ognition assuring better conditions in
the Territories, should statehood p*
denied. With . this end/In view they
ask the convention to take a stand in
favor of home rule jind for the ap
pointment "of residents of the Terri
tories to the bench of the Territories.
CHICAGO. June 20. — Delegates
from Indian Territory, uncertain as to
what action will be taken by the con
vention on the subject of statehood,
are making an earnest. fight for home
rule, for all Territories, pending their
admission to the Union. A joint con
ference of the Oklahoma and Indian
Territory delegates may be held, look
ing to co-operation in bringing about
a declaration for the admission of
these Territories as one State. . ,
Delegates From Western Territories
Opposed to "Carpet-Baggers."
APPEAL FOR HOME RULE.
Convention News Continued on Pace 3
CHICAGO, June 20.— Following is the
new Republican National Committee,
eo far as selected, many changes hav
ing been made at the meetings of the
State delegations to-day. in some
cases selections will not be made until
to-morrow:
Alaska, John H. Held.
Alabama, Charles H. Scott.
Arkansas, Powell Clayton.
California, George A. Knight.
Connecticut, Charles F. Brooker
Delaware, J. E. Addicks.
District of Columbia, Robert R Ri
burn.
Florida, J. N. Coombs.
Georgia, Judson W. Lyons.
JS i Wel^on n Bf r H?pb^n R ° bertSOn -
Illinois, Frank O. Lowden.
Indiana. Harry S. New.
Iowa, Ernest E. Hart.
Indian Territory. P. L. Slooper.
Kansas, David W. Mulvane
Kentucky, John W. Yerkes
Maine, John E. Hill.
Maryland, Louis E. McComas.
Massachusetts, W. Murray Crane
Michigan, John W. Blodgett.
Minnesota, Frank B. Kellogg
Mississippi. L. B. Mosely.
Missouri, Thomas J. Akins.
Montana, John B. Waits.
Nebraska, Charles H. Merrill.
Nevada, P. T. Flanigan.
New Hampshire, Frank L. Streeter
New Jersey. Franklin Murphy
New York, W. L. Ward.
New Mexico, Solomon Luna.
North Dakota. Alexander McKenzie
Ohio, Myron T. Herrlck.
Oklahoma, <C. A. Cade.
Oregon, Charles H. Carey.
Pennsylvania, Bols Penrose.
South Dakota, J. M. Green.
Tennessee, W. P. Brownlow.
Texas, C. CJ Lyons.
Utah, C. E. Loose.
Virginia, G. E. Bowden.
Washington, Levl Ankeny.
West Virginia, N. B. Scott.
"Wisconsin, Henry C. Payne.
"Wyoming. G. E. Sexton.
Prominent Republicans Selected to
Direct Party During Campaign-
CO3IMITTEEMEX XAMED.
Pontan May- Be Arrested.
: r BAKERSFIELD, June 20.— Sheriff
Kelly has been notified from San Jose
that a man supposed to be Alexander
Pontan, alleged murderer of J. J. Val
entine, Is under arrest there.
Orators Will Be Given a Chance.
CHICAGO, June 20.— Arrangements
initiated by the Republican National
Committee and perfected by the local
committee on arrangements provide
for an overflow of Republican oratory
during the convention at evening meet
ings Tuesday and Wednesday In the
Auditorium. Those who have. accepted
the invitation of the committee to
speak at these meetings are Secretary
Shaw, Senator Lodge. Senator Depew.
Senator Dolliver. ex-Senator Wolcott
and Representative J. Adam Bede of
Minnesota.
Reliable jras ranges $16 50. regular
price $20. this w»ek only at S. F. Gas
& Electric Co.. 41;". Post St. •
"IOWA IDEA" TABLED.
Governor Will Advocate It, However,
on Floor of the Convention.
CHICAGO, June 20.— The "Iowa idea"
was emphatically laid on the table to
day by the Iowa delegation. It is un
derstood that Governor Cummins will
advocate it on the floor of the conven
tion. In supporting the Hansbrough
resolutions for tariff revision and rec
iprocity.
After the Iowa delegation had organ
ized to-day Governor Cummins took
the floor and explained his "idea," con
cisely embodied in a resolution. The
discussion lasted an hour and a half,
and the resolutions were laid on the
table by an overwhelming vote. The
detailed vote was not read.
Senator Allison, who had been elected
chairman of the delegation, presided.
J. W. Biythe of Burlington, a well-
Store at Morgan Hill Is Bnrned.
SAN JOSE, June 20. — The general
merchandise store and outbuildings of
J. G. Dow. at Morgan Hill, were burned
early this morning, as was a cottage
adjoining belonging to T. S. Mont
gomery. The loss exceeds $5000. The
cause of the fire is unknown.
egations have agreed to get together In
an effort to secure the insertion of a
plank In the platform favorable to a
duty on coffee. f
The anti-Addlcks delegation from
Delaware has determined to carry Its
fight for seats in the convention to the
committee on credentials. The _delega
i tion jmt to-day, elected Senator L. H.
Ball chairman and made a slate for the
various positions.
Rhode Island's delegation' has not
yet committed itself on the Vice Presi
dential nomination, but inclines to Mr.
H!tt. In the event that Massachusetts
goes for Fairbanks Rhode Island will
probably follow suit.
At its meeting the Florida delegation
indorsed Senator Fairbanks for the
Vice Presidency.
The. Maine delegation vottu unani
mously to cast their vote for Fairbanks
for Vice President^-
WISCONSIN'S QUARREL.
The "stalwart" faction in the Wis
consin fight are showing alarm to-night
at an entirely new phase of the situa
tion. They say Governor La Follette
and lieutenants have spent the day in
a vain search for a single member of
the credentials committee who will
shoulder the task of making a
minority report in case the majority
favors the "stalwarts." This failure
has discouraged . the La Follette fac
tion, . it is reported,- to the extent of
abandoning the contest even before the
committee. Should this . be done they
could go before the Wisconsin voters
with the claim of unfair treatment and
as having been denied a hearing at the
hands of the committee. It will *be
much/ more desirable to the "stal
warts" to have the La Follette griev
ance thoroughly aired in the conven
tion and then voted down than to have
their case settled by default. This
phase of the situation is to be the sub
ject of a conference among the "stal
warts," . and it may not be improbable
that a member of "the credentials com
mittee may be found who will volun
teer-to make a minority report on the
case to the convention. >
Utah.' Wants No Mor
. . mbn Plank in
Platform.
"Second, his close and warm friend
ship for the President. He would cer
tainly make an agreeable running
mate for' Mr. Roosevelt: ¦<..:'
"Third, the fact that he is splen
didly qualified for the Increased re
sponsibility which devolves upon the
Vice President in case of an emer
gency, and, lastly — and perhaps I
should, have said first — the fact, that
there is a strong sentiment throughout
the country trending toward Taft for
the Presidency in 1908.
"My suggestion of Mr. Taft is every
where, being warmly received and es
pecially among the . Eastern delega
tions the sentiment seems to favor him
for the Vice Presidential nomination."
"There can be no question of the
strength of Mr. Taft," said Long. "He
has made his record and the country
knows him, and the ticket, 'Roosevelt
and Taft,' would, in my opinion,
sweep the country. My reasons for
favoring Mr. Taft are these:
"First, eminent qualifications as a
presiding otticer; dignity, sound judg
ment and deliberation are character
istic of the man.
CHICAGO, June 20. — John D. Long
of Massachusetts, ex-Secretary of the
Navy, to-day authorized the press to
announce that, his candidate for the
Vice Presidency was William H. Taft,
Secretary of War, whom he regards
as in every way the most available and
best man.
Ex-Secretary of Navy Favors Olilo
Man for Vice President.
LONG DECIjAKKS FOR TAFT.
On taking the chair, Payne made a
short address, thanking the members
of the committee for the honor be
stowed.
The question c-f seating the six del
egates'from the Philippines was taken
up and it was decided to admit them
as delegates, with a total of two votes.
Votes of thanks were passed to the
people of Chicago for courtesies ren
dered; to the members of the local
committee, which has prepared the hall
of the convention, and to Elmer Dover,
the secretary of the national commit
tee, for services performed.
the committee would be in existence.
He paid a high tribute to Payne's abil
ity and party services and moved for
the adoption of his resolution. It was
adopted by a rising vote and Payne
was declared chairman of the com
mittee.
LEADERS WI10SK ; NAMES ARE
PROMINENT IN REPORTS FROM
-THE CONVENTION CITY.
Hawaii and Porto Rico
Want Duty on
Coffee.
A vigorous campaign has been in
augurated by the unseated "lily white"
delegation from Louisiana to have the
committee on credentials of the con
vention reverse the action of the
National Committee. The Alabama
delegation will seek the introduc
tion into the platform of a resolu
tion pledging the partv to the enact
ment of such legislation "as shall Ee
cure to all citizens of the republic
complete liberty and exact equality,"
also declaring in favor of a more strin
gent enforcement of criminal law
against peonage.
Representative Richard Bartholdt of
Missouri, who was selected by the In
ternational arbitration group in Con
gress to represent It at the National
Convention, has arrived and will en
deavor to • insert in 'the Republican
platform a plank favoring internation
al arbitration.
After a protracted caucus to-night,
during which much feeling was engen
dered. Senator Lev! Ankeny was elect
ed National Committeeman from
Washington by the delegates from that
.State over James M. Ashton and John
S. McMillin. That question having
been settled, vigorous discussion ensued
over a proposition to seat George W.
Dilling of Kings County, one of the al
ternates. He was finally given a cer
tificate after it had been shown that
Erastus Brainer, the regular delegate,
and F. C. Harper, the other alternate,'
from Kings County, would not be
present. The delegation adopted a
strong resolution instructing the .mem
trers of the committee on platform to
strive vigorously for a plank favoring
the enlargement and advancement of
the American merchant marine. . . '-
The Kentucky delegation held a
meeting to-day and decided to post
pone until Wednesday action with re
gard to the. choice of the delegation
for the Vice Presidency, j The state
ment, however,, was made by several
of the delegates that with one excep
tion they are favorable to Mr. Fair-.,
banks. -v-V'^KfUSB ¦<
Fairbanks for Vice President will re
ceive the solid vote of Washington.
. This announcement was made by
Senator Ankeny.
HAS NO PREFERENCE. '
The delegation from New Mexico or
ganized to-day, but. expressed no pref"
erence for a Vice- Presidential nominee
and took no action on the tariff ques
tion.
At a meeting of the West Virginia
delegation Senator Elklns was indorsed
for Vice President, while Fairbanks
was declared to be the delegation's
second choice. ,
At a meetings of the North Dakota
delegation there was discussion of the
question of tariff , reform, based on
Senator Hansbrough's resolution, but
the decision was reached by a majority
vote to support the policy of antUre
vislon. The prevailing opinion was fa
vorable to a declaration on the lines
that were followed four years ago. By
general consent Senator Hansbrough
was placed on the committee on resolu
tions and no objection will be made to
his offering the resolution. •'
... Fairbanks and "stand pat" is the.po
sition of the South Dakota delegation;
• The Hawaiian and Porto RIcan del-
Senator Fairbanks made a speech of
some length, saying that he had not
been a candidate and was^not a candi T
date; that he had been urged . to : be»
come a candidate, and that he had not
changed his position from the time he
was first mentioned for the place. He
would not be r>ut in . the attitude of
seeking the place. -
Members of the delegation said that
the Senator would accept, but it was
not the intention of Indiana to present
his name to the convention., -
At the meetings of the New Hamp
shire, "Texas and Delaware delegations
to-day Senator Fairbanks was indorsed
for the Vice Presidency.
While no formal action was taken
by the Utah delegation on the ques
tion, the members will oppose any in
sertion or reference to the Mormon
question in the platform.
"LILY WHITE" DELEGATION*.
Members of the delegation differed
as to the ' position the State should
take, in view of this development, but
individually several said they would
like to have the Senator nominated,
and the State would appreciate the
honor of Senator Fairbanks' nomina
tion. . :
CHICAGO, June 25.— The Indiana
delegation held a meeting in Governor
Durban's room to-day, when the Vice
Presidential nomination of Senator
Fairbanks was discussed. After ad
journment it was stated that they were
just where they were before, without
definite plans. At the same time, it
was said that the attitude of the dele
gation was that Indiana would be
pleased to have Senator Fairbanks re
ceive the nomination. A motion de
claring this to be the sense of the
delegation was made, but Senator
Fairbanks said that was more than he
desired, and the motion was with
drawn. . ,
CHICAGO. June 20.— The committee
on resolutions selected by the State
delegations at their caucus to-day is
made up as follows. All the vacancies
will not be filled until to-morrow:
Alabama, Andrew N. -Johnson.
Arkansas, Charles F. Duke.
California. Frank H. Short.
Connecticut. Edwin N. Higgins.
Delaware, Caleb R. Layton.
Florida. W. H. Northrup.
Georgia, W. II. Johnson.
Idaho, W. B. Heyburn.
s Illinois, Albert J. Hopkins.
Indiana. Albert J. Beveridge.
Iowa, J. W. Biythe.
Kansas. Fred Smith.
Kentucky, George W. Long.
Maine, E. P. Spofford.
Maryland, F. L. Goldsborough.
Massachusetts. H. Cabot Lodge.
Michigan, Andrew B. DoughertJV
Minnesota, Knute Nelson.
Mississippi. W. E. Mollison.
Missouri, Boyd Dudley.
Montana, Thomas P. Carter.
Nebraska, Frank D. Williams.
Nevada, E. S. Farrington.
New Hampshire. J. H. Galllnger.
New Jersey, John F. Dryden.
New York, Edward Lauterbach. ' —
North Dakota, H. C. Hansbrougb.
Ohio, J. B. Foraker.
Oregon, J. U. Campbell.
Pennsylvania, John Dalzell.
Rhode Island. "William L. Hodgeman.
South Dakota, L. N. Finch.
Tennessee, Dana Harmon.
Texas, A. J. Rosenthal.
Utah, George C. Sutherland.
Virginia, D. L. Greener.
Washington, J. S. McMillin.
West Virginia. George Atkinson.
Wisconsin. John C. Spooner.
Wyoming. C. D. Clark.
Indian Territory, W. H. Darrough.
New Mexico, H. O. Burson.
Oklahoma, R. A. Lowery.
Porto Rico, Robert H. w Todd.
Hawaii, J. K. Kalanianaole.
Alaska, J. W. Ivey. . *
the Committee on Resolutions.
State Delegations Select Members of
NAMED IN CAUCUS.
Indiana's - Delegation
Would Indorse
Fairbanks.
After the New York State delegation
had adjourned with three cheers for
the ticket there came the first en
thusiastic incident of the day. Senator
Depew, trying to pa33. downstairs, was
intercepted by a crowd of delegates,
among whom were many Indiana .men.
Compelled, amid great cheering and the
music of a band to speaK, Senator De
pew- said:
"We of New York have held a con
ference which will be ratified to-mor
row and the next day. We have nom
inated Theodore Roosevelt for Presi
dent and Charles W. Fairbanks for
Vice President and they will be in
dorsed. We have written a platform
of principles and they will be ratified
to-morrow or the next day. We are
people who have" received grace and are
absolutely sure of salvation. Our con
vention is quiet because a certainty
produces no excitement. In conventions
when they riot and fight they fear pub
lic opinion. I have never seen more
harmony than that at the New York
meeting to-night. That 13 important
because as goes New York so goes the
nation."
The New York State delegation in
caucus to-night Instructed Senator
Thomas C. Platt, by motion of Gov
ernor Odell, to cast their votes for
Theodore Roosevelt for President and
Charles W. Fairbanks of Indiana for
Vice President. The meeting was ver>
harmonious. Governor Odell personally
named Senator Platt as chairman and
moved that he cast New York's vote as
a unit. When the Governor moved that
New York instruct for Fairbanks for
Vice President there was a cheer and
former State Senator J. S. Fassett said:
"I want to say that I think Governor
Odell's proposition a very sensible one.
We all know Senator Fairbanks and
we all know that he is a capable and
patriotic man. He will lend strength
to the ticket." The resolution was
unanimously adopted.
Prior "to this one of the delegates
had asked that Theodore Roosevelt be
selected as the choice for President and
the chairman putting the motion said:
"AlPln favor say aye; there are no
negatives."
Senator Depew was chosen chairman.
All of the Brooklyn delegates, includ
ing Lieutenant Governor Woodruff,
v/ere absent, but it was understood
that they were being, dined and they
had previously acquiesced in the pro
gramme followed by the delegation.
DEPEW MAKES SPEECH.
CHICAGO, June 20. — Elihu Roofs
positive refusal to be made a candidate
for the Republican nomination for
Governor of New York this fall has
proved a heavy blow to the Platt fac
tion in the State which had counted
upon being able to abring about the
election of an executive whom Gov
ernor Odell could not control. Senator
Platt has not abandoned the Idea of
forcing Root to accept by nominating
him regardless of his wishes, but the
former Secretary of War has permitted
no doubt to remain as to his determina
tion. He did not hesitate to-night to
declare his attitude. He was informed
of the report that in his talk with Sen
ator Platt yesterday he had positively
declined the Governorship.
"That is true," he replied.
"Is your refusal positive?" was
"Yee, it is," Root said.
"Do you care to assign any reason for
your refusal'"
"I have been away from my home for
five years," Root replied, "and I feel
that I ought to be let alone."
NEW YORKEKS IX CAUCUS.
Governor Cummins and Colonel C.
W. French supported the Cummins
resolution. Among tliose who spoxe
against the resolution was Senator
Dolliver.
Third — That at th* next session of the pres
ent Coneress the subject should be taken up
anil such changes in the schedule* should t>»
made as are required to preserve for our pro
ducers and secure for our consumers adequate
protection — no more, no Ipes.
Fourth— A plain and forceful decision for
reciprocity, to tx» established either by treaty
or act of Congress. as circumstances may
demonstrate, *hen the policy can be employed
to Increase production at home and Increase
the welfare In competitive or non-competitive
things.
known "standpatter," was unanimously
chosen as the Iowa member of the res
olutions committee. The Cummins
resolution, which is the "Iowa idea" up
to date, is as follows:
Resolved. That it Is the'gens* of th» dele
gation that the National Republican platform
should be broad enough t6 furnish com
fortable standing room for alt Republicans
who bellev* in the essential principles and
policies of the party; that upon the uubject
of tariff and reciprocity it should embody la
some form :
First — A clear and emphatic declaration of
the time-proved policy of protection.
Second — An unmistakable recognition nt th»
fact that tariff schedules must b* readjusted
at reasonable Intervals to ni.-.-r the chansvi*
conditions of production; and that any such
readjustment should bo made by the friends
of protection.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, June 20.— With the time
occupied in caucuses of State delega
tions, which, with a few exceptions,
were mere ratification meetings held to
approve State convention programmes,
the day preceding the opening of the
Republican National Convention has
been the quietest ever known as the
forerunner of similar gatherings. Sena-
the Lack of Excitement.
Contention Delegates Are Ennuied by
NO CONTESTS PENDING.
Several other EUfr^estions, not now
contained in the prepared draft of the
platform, will be made. One of these
declares for international arbitration.
Another, urging that the Interstate
Commerce Commission be given more
power to enforce its Gecisio-ns, will be
offered.
WANTS OF THE TERRITORIES.
The Territories are in a turmoil
about the declaration as to their ad
mission into the Union. New Mexico
and pome Oklahoma men want a dec
laration in favor of a bill which has
passed the House and is pending in
the Senate, providing for the admis
sion of Arizona and New Mexico as
one State and Oklahoma and Indian
Territory as another.
The Arizona delegates are much op
posed to anything being done, while
the Indian Territory delegates say that
Statehood is so remote that they want
a declaration of the home rule idea in
the making of appointments in Ter
ritories.
Some interest was displayed during
the day in the effort that is being
made to secure the incorporation of an
anti-polygany resolution in the plat
form. It is being urgeG especially by
various women's organizations that
have been so active in the tight to
unseat Senator Smoot of Utah. One
prominent man, who is a member of
the resolutions committee, said that
there could be no harm in a declara
tion against po-lygamy any more than
in a declaration against bigamy. But
Senator Smoot believes that any dec
laration on the subject will be used to
his disadvantage in the Senate. Also
it is felt that there is a possibility that
any declaration might materially in
jure the Ilepublican prospects in sev
eral Western States where there is a
large Mormon vote.^
CHICAGO, June 20.— The men who
are to examine fhe platform, which
has been in the possession of Senator
Lodge for several days, have been se
lected by the various State delega
tions and there is practically no doubt
that the declaration for protection will
be emphatic and that there will be but
little comfort for tariff revisionists. A
pledge to make changes in schedules
when such changes are necessary is
the only concession that will be made
by the 'stand-patters. " Possibly the
wording may be changed and those
who have been talking revision will se
cure the use of the word "revised" to
express the idea that is to be con
veyed, but even this is considered
doubtful. The majority are against
having anything like a general revi
sion of the tariff suggested and they
will contend for the words "changes
in tariff schedules" when "conditions
make them necessary" a? being ample
to cover all that is intended by the
Republican partv.
Senator Hansbrough. who intends to
offer a provision for a revision declar
ation, has not received much support.
Only Oresc-n seems to have approved
the revipion idea, the Senator's own
State delegation refusing to give him
support. Oregon also declared against
a ship subsidy, but it is not intended
to make the declaration for an im
prcvement of the merchant marine in
dorse any particular plan. Various
plans are now being considered by the
Joint Congressional Commission, but the
platform will not attempt to anticipate
the commission's report.
ANTI-I > OL.Y«AMY PLAXK.
Expressions of genuine regret at the
absence of two faces familiar at similar
gatherings four, eight and twelve years
ago are heard on every side. Men who
have played leading roles in the art of
making tickets and platforms, men
whose personality, shrewdness of quali
fications and persuasiveness have
changed entire States or sections of
the country, are missed in the hotel
lobbies and various headquarters. Some
of these have figured in Republican
conventions for a quarter of a century,
notably the late Senator M. S. Quay
of Pennsylvania and the late William
Sewell of New Jersey.
One whose absence is felt more, per
haps, than that of any other man, is
the late Senator Hanna,' though his
debut on the political stage was of more
recent date. Numerous pictures of the
late Senator attest to his popularity.
But the absence of the great men
mentioned does not indicate that the
caste of the play which opens at the
Coliseum to-morrow has been weak
ened. In the shoes of the men who
have passed away are politicians
equally astute, who have had their
training at master hands. They may
not be so well known in national af
fairs and their names not so effective
to conjure with, but they are ready
and competent to perform any task
that offers. The only difficulty is that
the task is not there. Contests worthy
of the name are utterly lacking.
The tight between the La Follette
and "stalwart" factions in Wisconsin,
the contest between the Addicks and
the anti-Addick? faction in Delaware,
the "lily white" and the "black and
tan" factions of Southern. States were
disposed of with so much dispatch that
they failed to furnish the gossip
necessary to an interesting convention.
About all that was left to feed the
craving delegates for excitement and
to furnish a topic of conversation was
the question of how long Senator Fair
banks' inscrutable silence would con
tinue.
¦ The principal. diversions were offered
by the caucuses of the Iowa, Illinois
and Washington delegations. Governor
Cummins presented to the Hawkeye
delegation the "Iowa idea" in an en
tirely new dress. It was in the form of
a set plank setting forth the idea of
the declaration for reciprocity and the
reduction of tariff schedules. It was
rejected by the delegation and this
sounded its death knell so far as the
present convention is concerned.
In the Illinois caucus the contest was
for-<he chairmanship of the delegation.
Senator Cullom was opposed by the
Yatcs faction, but won out handily. It
is conceded that his defeat would have
prevented his re-election to the Senate.
In the Washington caucus Senator
Ankeny was elected national commit
teeman against the combined opposi
tion of formrr Committeeman James
M. Ashton and J. S. McMillin. both of
whom were candidates for the position.
What has been popularly termed the
"Indiana puzzle' 1 was one of the fea
tures of the day. The members of the
delegation from the Hoosier State met
to determine their course in regard to
the boom for Senator Fairbanks for the
Vice Presidency. Senator Fairbanks at
tended the meeting and addreesed the
delegates. He talked for fifteen min
utes, the meeting adjourned and the
delegation was no wiser concerning his
wishes beyond a reiteration of his
statement that he did not desire his
State to present his name for the Vice
Presidency.
When the leaders reached a
few days ago they found nothing for
them to do. The programme for the
convention was mapped out weeks ago
and there was a full realization that it
was unalterable. ;..:
tors and Representatives* in Congress
were ax thick on the streets and in the
hotel lobbies as in the national capitol
when a particularly uneventful or dry
debate is in progress in Congress. Fig
ures prominent in the political strife
of former national conventions were
everywhere. They mingled with dele
gates and others not on the inside,
talking of anything which promised
even momentary interest.
Former Secretary of War Upsets Plans^ of
Senator by Declining to Run
for Governor.
Revisionists Make Little Headway .and
Will Be the Recipients of but
Slight Concession.
"STAND PAT" POLICY HAS LARGE
MAJORITY OF THE DELEGATES TO
PARTY'S NATIONAL CONVENTION
ROOT'S REFUSAL TO HEAD STATE
TICKET IN NEW YORK A HEAVY
BLOW TO THE PLATT FACTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; JUNE 21, 1904. '
REPUBLICAN PLATFORM WILL BE EMPHATIC IN DECLARING FOR PROTECTIVE TARIFF
DELEGATES SPEND BUSY DAY LAYING
PLANS FOR ACTION IN CONVENTION
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Miss Rose Hennessy, well
known as a poetess and elocu-
tionist, of Lexington, Ky., tells
bow she was cured of uterine
inflammation and ovaritis by the
use of Lydia E Piakham's Vege-
table Compound.
f Dea.b Mrs. Pi>-kham : — For ye&rs I
enjoyed the best of health and thought
that I would always do so. I attended
parties and receptions thinly clad, and
would be suddenly chilled, but I did
net think of the results. I caught a
bad cold eighteen months ago while
menstruating, and this caused inflam-
mation of the womb and congested
ovaries. I suffered excruciating pains
and kept getting worse. My attention
was called to your Vegetable Com-
pound and the wonderful cures it had
performed, and I made up my mind to
try it for two months and see what it
would do for me. Within one month I
felt much better, and at the close of the
feecond I was entirely welL
"I hare advised a number of my
lady friends to use it, and all express
themselves as well satisfied with the
resnlts as I was." — Miss Boss Koba.
Hethtesst, 410 8. Broadway, Lexing-
ton, Kt. — 95000 forfdt If original of cteM ItU
ttf frovi'r.g ftnuincneti canntt bipraiiuut.
ADVEBTISElCEirxS.
I V (mf/. i/ffl/ /"BRILLIANCY"-Cl«rltT«nd polish. if
\ ¦ «— »^} WJ?lC*?i?y/ y proTlnt perfect brewiat «nd t tr- A
ft *¥ tMtWr^T "CLEAN "TASTE- The abrcace of U
II Jl /Jfc^Taa » disassemble foreizn or " »Jter- A
|i \ ra'v'EL*^ X. taste." proYinr scrupulous cte«nli- f|
If I ' f\l m i5»3K%^ s s«Jt nMI durin 2 ttle brewing proce»i. I g
tL^ J / I i$£Sf$ai8&88to!& "SOLID, CREAMY FOAM"-An !n- \l
¦ Tf / AP*^ -xSMt^^SI f»Hible indication of body, azs and W
I iJL A,^ excellence of brewing material. I J
rJ5d [' »28$<l!sS' /•'PURITY"— Impossible to find in 1/
A$£9 / mZbNS&BSb most bottled beers, because their ML
ftST / ' iBaP'Sgaar preservation is rained through f\
e!eL*OT jW%%!& "FLAVOR"— The distinctive Indi- V| I
MhKOT'V A&kjzEf Tidual characteristic of any r-ever- x \l
Ww^bSV^. ate: as peculiar to it alone as is its W
KwgyPpW^. odortotheroie. A delicious and I
friVffifBfHK^^IiBSI^BBier pronounced hop aroma is the tj
I Tlij JtSk 0 m^r 0 0
AtivaSSiEaL -rf**— *"^li— 1* tie ONLY beer that possesses al. A
VuflM^r — W^^^^ °' thete essential qualifications. 11REPUBLICAN NATIONAL. COMMITTEEMAN FOR CALIFORNIA AND CHAIRMAN
OF THE GOLDEN STATE'S DELEGATION TO THE CONVENTION THAT
WILL BEGIN ITS DELIBERATIONS TO- DAY.
. Fancy vests at cost. See window. Tom
Dillon, hatter, opposite Palace. ¦ •
Brown's dinners aren't much and he' lives out
of the way. but - there's always high balls of
Old . Gilt " Edge ¦ whiskey. Wlchman. Lutgen &
Co., 2U-31 Battery at., S. F., sole proprlnors. •
FRESNO. June 20— John Watts, a
rancher of ¦ Conejo, was killed by the
Stata Fe limited at Conejo last night.
Watts was drunk and asleep on the
track.
Santa Fe Limited Kills a Man.
ELKO, Nev., June 20.— Detective
Thacker of Wells, Fargo & Co. arrived
here to-day, and interviewed the Gates
suspects, who were arrested for horse
sleallng. He says that they are not
the men who are wanted for robbing
the train at Copley, Cal. ,
SUSPECTS HELD AT ELKO
NOT THE COPLEY ROBBERS
Destruction of His Hoist of Ontario
Mine Causes Loss of Employ
ment to Large Force.
PARK CITY. Utah, June 20.— The
big No. 2 hoist of the Ontario mine,
located near this city, was destroyed
by fire to-day, throwing 200 men out
of employment and causing a nominal
loss of. about $400,000. The actual
loss, however, will not greatly exceed
$60,000.
TWO HUNDRED 3IEN OUT
OF WORK THROUGH FIRE
CHICAGO. June 20. — The strike of
650 members of the Boot and Shoe
Workers' Union against Selz, Schwab
& Co., which was responsible for the
recently settled general lockout of
4000 men, was called off to-day by
the Workers' District Council. The
strike was called nearly three months
ago. The union men are Instructed to
obtain their former places if possible
at the firm's own terms.
Shoe Workers Instructed to Return to
Work by District Council.
STRIKE CALLED OFF.
A chance for a delightful river excursion will
be afforded en Sunday, June 2G. Steamer
Modoc will leave wharf next to Ferry Post
office, San Francisco, at 7:.'J0 a. in. for Klo
Vista. Round trip ticket fl. A fine orchestra
!n attendance on steamer and meals served on
board. Ask Southern t'aclflc agents. • •
River Excursion to Rio Vista.
NEW ORLEANS, June 20.— Louisiana
Democrats had'an enthusiastic conven
tion at Baton Rouge to-night and In
structed for Judge Parker by unan
imous vote.
Southerners for Parker.
Texans Likely to Vote for Parker.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., June 20. — It
is likely that the State Democratic
convention, which will meet here to
morrow, will instruct for Judge Par
ker. ¦¦.-¦. ' . ¦:.:;/ //--^ -
j WASHINGTON, June 20. — The an
nouncement was made at the Navy
Department that Rear Admiral Henry
Glass, commanding the Pacific squad
ron, has been relieved and placed In
charge of the naval district of the Pa
cific with headquarters at San Fran
cisco, to relieve Rear Admiral Miller,
who will soon retire. Admiral Glass
will be succeeded by Rear Admiral
Goodrich, now in command of the
Portsmouth Navy Yard. "¦--.-. ¦. .;>
REAR ADMIRAL GLASS
ASSIGNED TO NEW DUTY
NEW YORK, June 20.— Cella Logan
Connelly, the authoress and playwright,
is dead, aged 70 years.
Authoress Dies in New York.
NEW YORK. June 20.— The follow
ing CaJIfornians are in New York:
From San Francisco — A. E. Bailey,
Dr. C. Burnham and Miss E. Burn
ham at the Victoria; Dr. C. G. Chaia
mon. at the Holland; N. P. Cole, at
the Park Avenue; Mrs. A. B. Costello,
at the Navarre; T. O. Cross. .at the St.
Denis Hotel; Mrs. E. J. Hammond and
Misa Hammond, at the Gilsey House;
F. H. Harris and wife, at the Broad
way Central; R. A. Holcomb, at the
Hotel York; P. Jones, at the Herald
Square; Mrs. E. Mitchell, at the Hol
land; T. Mullany, at the Herald
.Square; B. L. Roberts, at the Grand
Union; E. A. Stent and wife, at the
Holland; S." L. Bauman, at the Herald
Square; Mrs. M. F. Dewey, Mrs. D 4 D.
Harkinson and E. Johns, at the Hotel
Imperial.
From Los Angeles — E. W. Fleming,
at the Herald Square; S. C. Hall, at
the Belvldere House; R. E. Naftzger,
A. H. Naftzger and I. Neldes, at the
Henild Square, and W. C. Petchner. at
the Broadway Central.
Californians in New York.
GREELEY, Colo.. June 20. —
Charles Willard Lewis, D. D., presi
dent of the University of Wyoming at
Laramie, died here to-day of pneumo
nia. He was visiting friends here.
Educator Dies While Visiting.
WATSONVILLE, June 20. — Mayor
Quinn has received word by telegraph
that Andrew Carnegie has authorized
the Installment payments for a library
at this place. The building proposed
will cost $10,000, and the city pledges
$1000 a year for. the support of the in
stitution.- The Board of Trustees a
month ago passed a resolution select
ing a site on the plaza for the, proposed
structure. Mayor Quinn says opera
tions will begin at once.
WATSONVILLE TO HAVE /
. A CARNEGIE MBRARY
TITUS VILLE, Pa.. June 20.— Henry
W. Potter, a pioneer of the early oil
development and In 1864 a partner in
the banking and brokerage business
with Chauncey M. Depew of New
York, Is dead in this city.
Pioneer Oil Man Dies.
CHICAGO, June 20. — Mrs. Orrln W.
Potter, wife of a Chicago millionaire,
is dead of cancer at the family sum
mer home at Lake Geneva, Wis. Mrs.
Potter occupied a high position in so
ciety and in women's club circles and
was interested in nearly every philan
thropic enterprise.
Death Calls Philanthropist.
It was decided that the Congressional
campaign should open with a rush as
soon as the Democratic National Con
vention has passed Into history. The
committee will open headquarters in
New York and Chicago and maintain
a literary bureau in Washington.
CHICAGO, June 20. — Speaker Cannon
is to be one of the star speakers in the
Republican Congressional campaign.
This arrangement was agreed upon to
night at the meeting of the majority
members of the executive committee of
the Congressional committee held at
the Chicago-Club. Chairman Babcocks
seized the opportunity to get the views
of his colleagues on the Congressional
committee who are In attendance.
Speaker Cannon responded to the Invi
tation to talk, and as did also Repre
sentatives Hull "of Iowa, Overstreet of
Indiana, Loudenslager of New Jer
sey, Mann of Illinois and one or two
others. ', . '"-
Speaker Selected as One of Star Ora
tors of Congressional Campaign*
CANNON WILL TALK.'
The Supervisors' Finance Commit
tee yesterday began an investigation
into the manner of awarding contracts
for furnishing supplies to the School
pepartment. The committee had as
certained that a contract had been
awarded to H. S. Crocker & Co. for
3000 reams of paper at $1 05 per
ream notwithstanding that Brown &
Power had bid 85 cents for paper that
was found substantially the same as
Crocker's paper after being tested-
School Directors Roncovlerl and
Walsh said the paper supplied by vhe
Crocker firm was superior to that of
Brown & Power and on that account
had been accepted. The committee
appeared satisfied "with the explana
tion, but requested that in future it
be given a statement of the awards of
contract.
Board of Education Tells Why Lo rest
Bidder Did j Not Receive the
Award.
EXPLAINS MANNER OF
GIVING PAPER CONTRACT
The reformer Is generally 'up on poll
tics, but down on politicians.
TACOMA, Wash., June 20.— Believing
the steamer Humboldt had come from
Juneau, where smallpox Is epidemic,
Superintendent McDonald of Treadwell
mines last Wednesday drove the pas
sengers back aboard the vessel as they
were coming down the gangplank. He
used his revolver to enforce his com
mand that all return aboard. Later
McDonald was arrested and bound over
to the Federal Court. When the steamer
•returned from Skagway he sent a let
ter of apology to the captain explaining
his mistake.
Makes » Mistake That Will
Cause Trouble.
Superintendent of Treadwell Mine
FORCES PASSENGERS ON
SHIP AT PISTOL POINT
FRESNO, June 20.— The tournament
held here yesterday and to-day under
the auspices of the Fresno Gun Club
ended to-night. The scores were an
nounced to-night by O. Lewald. offi
cial scorer. "W. H. Varleno of Pacific
Grove had the highest score. His
average to-day was 97Vi per cent.
Marksmen from all over the State were
present. Guy Lovelace of L03 An
geles made the second best score.
Good Gun Scores at Fresno.
Since 1S73 he has been parish priest
of Antioch, at which date he was trans
ferred from Benicia. Father Callag
han was born in Ireland in 1832, and at
the time of his death was 75 years
of age. He will be interred Wednes
day in the Dominican plat in the Cath
olic Cemetery at Benicia.
He was professed In Rome In 1860
and upon the completion of his studies
In California was ordained In the Do
minican order in Benicia in 1865. In
1870 he was made prior of St. Dominic's
Church and served In that office for
three years. ,
BENICIA, June 20.— Father Patrick
Callaghan, a prominent theologian of
the Dominican order, and for over forty
years stationed at Benicia, died in
Stockton yesterday of hemorrhage of
the brain. Deceased was the founder
of the Catholic churches of Antloch,
Summersville and Black Diamond, and
was the oldest priest of the San Fran
cisco diocese.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA ROSA, June 20.— C. M. George
was taken to San Quentin prison this
morning to serve a two years' sentence
for forgery. George is the man who
was caught in this city last week while
he was walking with his sweetheart,
whom he had come to visit. The offi
cers trailed the lovers for several blocks
and waited until they separated before
taking the man Into custody. George
forged the name of his employer, C.
Cameron, to a check for $5 and passed
the worthless paper on George C
Schelling. He then left this city, only
returning at Intervals to call on his
sweetheart.
Young Man Convicted of Forgery
Must Serve Two Years Behind
the Bars.
SANTA ROSA YOUTH
SENTENCED TO PRISON
AGED PRIEST
GOES TO HIS
LAST REWARD
NEW YORK, June 20. — E. H. Har
riinan, president of the Southern Pa
cific Company, has caused to be
mailed to the stockholders of the com
pany a circular with respect to the
proposed issue of preferred stock.
Provision is made that each stock
holder shall be entitled to subscribe
on or before September 1 next, and
note thereafter, for one share of pre
ferred stock for every five shares of
the present stock of the company reg
istered in his name at the close of
business on July 14 and for fractions
of shares in like proportion. The new
stock subscribed for is to be paid in
installments, namely, 25 per cent or
$25 a share at the time the subscrip
tion is made, 25 per cent on or before
October 1, 1904, and 50 per cent on
or before December 1, 1904. This
stock is to carry dividends from July
1, 1904, if declared.
Tells Them How to Acquire
Proposed New Issue.
Harriman's Notice to Share Owners
DIVIDENDS ARE PROMISED
RAILROAD STOCKHOLDERS
SAN JOSE, June 20.— A head-on col
lision resulting in carious Injury to
several persons occurred in the South
ern Pacific depot yards this evening at
6:45 o'clock between the incoming pas
senger train from Niles and a switch
ing engine. Both engines were demol
ished, as was the new signal tower.
Mrs. S. E. Johnston of SyAicuse, N.
Y. t suffered injury to the spine and is
in a critical condition: Mrs. Martha
"Westgate of this city is also seriously
cut on the head. Engineer Curtis and
Fireman Wantress of the Niles train
were caught between the engine and
tender and badly bruised, and Don Au
gustln, the colored porter, received in
juries to his shou!Ier. arm and foot.
Trainmaster Holbert places responsi
bility for the accident with George
Cassidy, foreman of the switching
crew, as the Niles train had the right
of way and was on time.
Two Engines Crash Together
in the San Jose Yards
and Both Are Demolished
N'i:\V YORK. June 20.— The John D.
Hockefcller milliuns have come to the
aid of the sufferers from the Slocum
disaster. It was learned to-day that
a contribution was received which was
not registered, but which places the
relief fund upon a solid foundation. It
leaked out that a telepnorse message
had been received by the relief com
mittee from the offices of the Standard
Oil Company that, the great fortune of
the richest man in the world was at
its disposal to be drawn upon for any
deficiency in the fund which might re
main after other donations had ceased
lo r-ome in.
Oil Magnate Places Fortune at Dis
|KJ;sal of Slocum Relief
Fund.
KOCKEFELLKR CONTRIBUTES.
ST. LOUIS. June 20.— The following
Californians have registeied at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition:
San Francisco— Mr*. J. S. Kowell. Edsar H
Iluwrll. KIsle Iloweil. Mrs. Gertruds
Ktrarhan. t>r. I»u1s Ltaser and wife, Horace
W. Brtdgford. Mrs. W. G. Backus W G
Packus, Mrs Fredick. Mrs. 11. Smith. Miss
Smith. Elranor Johns. Mrs. .M. S. Eisner.
C. B. Iluyett. P. Flatow and wife, W. Ncih
burg. Chester Itrtdgford. W. O. Matthfea,
Lyndon an.l Mrs. II. U White. Cor
renah and Elva. de Pue, W. II. Wllsoo and
wife. H. F. Helling. John Tounfc and wife.
Miss Hattle Abrarason, M. II. Morris and wife.
J. Morse and wif». Olin M. Boyle Jr. Harry
K. Hal!, Mrs. Kdgar da Pue. Mrs. W. J.
Landers. George S>. Trim. Charles Tatura, Tom
P. Cross. Mrs. P. D. Harklnson, C W. Tase.
P. O. Dumont, Kmma Dumont. Mr. and Mrs.
I>. Harrison, Mrs. C. A. Baker. Marl*
Schmltt. Mr*. Henry Damkroe«rer.
Oakland — William Knapp. It. M. Itampfnn.
S. J. Horean. V. E. Evans,' r\ O. Evans, Mrs.
Jennie G. Hant. Dora F. Tate, Mrs. S. P.
Tate.
San Bernardino— Mrs. John Anderson, Mr*.
Walter Kchl.
Fresno — J. W. Browne, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
G. Iloraner.
Pasailena — May Newton. A. J. Tooless.
Berkeley— R. I>. Sherman. E. P. Sessions and
family, Donald Munro, Mr. and Mrs. Ed U.
Park.
San Jose— Harold 1* Chiids, Milton Grimes.
HukersfieM — Mrs. A. R. Solomon, ItO3»
Walters. Mrs. Lizzie Walters.
Lincoln — Mr*. A. C. Schuler, Mrs. H. 3.
Williamson. Korma Williamson.
Palms — Miss Anna Lachenmyer, Mrs. J.
Lachenmyer.
Miscellaneous points — I* D. Jacks. Santa
Rosa: E. K. Dunning. Ventura: Mrs. A.
Tichenor, Vons Peach: D. S. Shlffiett. Selma;
H. M. Irwin. llanford: Mr. and Mrs. F. O.
Barnes. Lonestar: A. T. Fugler. Santa Maria;
Lowell D. Lucas. Vlsalla; Miss Cani« K
Bowen. Alameda; Osborn Burke. Rivera: G. G.
Guyer. Altadena: Henry Deerlngr and wife. Eu
reka: O. R. Bowles. UkIah;Magdalen«* Frederick
»on, Rivera: E. A. Lawrence and wife Pomona;
W. T. Klrkman. Merced; Mrs. Lizzie Bender
Woirhet. Ocean Park: G. G. Halliday. Vallejo;
A. P. Vigonnet. PlaeervUle. Boutwnll Dunlap.
Auburn: Mrs. J. I* Anderson. Miss On*
Andfrson. San L.ul3 Oblspo: Mrs. T. J. Saul,
Weed. Slsklyou County; J. D. Daly. Chico.
State Shown to Be Numerous
by Registers.
Visitors to Exposition From Golden
FAIR AROUSES 1NTHREST
OF MANY CALIFORXIAXS
of his selection by the convention.
Judge Priestly of Lockeford was ap
pointed alternate to Gunst. Joseph
Steffens of Sacramento was named
vice chairman of the delegation.
After passing a resolution of thanks
to San Francisco Passenger Agent Ab
bott of the Chicago and Northwestern
Railroad for the splendid train that
carried the delegation from California,
and officially thanking R. J. Murdock
of the California Fruit Distributors'
Association for gifts of fruits and
wines, the meeting adjourned.
Frank Hunt of Santa Barbara
reached Chicago to-day from Michigan
and was present at the meeting.
Hawaii's delegation also concluded
its labors. Governor Carter was ap
pointed chairman of the \ delegation
and member of the committee on per
manent organization. A. G. M. Rob
ertson was named for confirmation by
the convention as national committee
man for the Territory of Hawaii and
also appointed to act on the committee
to notify the nominee for Vice Presi
dent. W. H. Hoog was selected as
honorary vice president and member
of the credentials committee. Prince
Kuhio, as the delegate of the blood of
the once imperial household of Hawaii
abbreviates his name, will help build
the platform and frame resolutions. W.
SEVERAL HURT
IN COLLISION
California was the host to-day for
all America, Her wines and fruits,
lavishly dispensed by Jacob Steppach
er, secretary of the delegation, reached
the quarters of every State and Ter
ritory of the Union. When midnight
came the last bottle of the rare vin
tages that had been removed from the
train to headquarters was piled among
the "dead soldiers" and the last fruit
box was empty. ~ • * *,
To-morrow the supply will be* re
newed and California will continue to
entertain her less fortunate sister
States.
Nevada's delegation, not to be out
done, also met. Upon the adjournment
of the meeting appointments as fol
lows were announced: National com
mitteeman, Hon. P. L. Flanlgan;
chairman of the Nevada delegation, S.
L. Lee; vice chairman, R. S: Meacham;
committee on platform and resolutions,
E. S. Farrington; committee on cre
dentials, B. H. Reymers: committee on
order of business and on permanent
organization, P. L. Flanigan; commit
tee to notify the President, E. S. Far
rington; committee to notify the Vice
Presidential nominee, H. B. Maxon.
T. Robinson will serve on the rules
committee, and E. A. Knudson will no
tify Mr. Roosevelt of his nomination
for President.
"The candidate of the Democratic
party must be a man who has stated
hla principles and can be . trusted to
apply them with firmness and cour
age." . .
"Be It resolved, That a committee of
twenty-five, of which the chairman
shall.be one, be appointed by the chair
to present this protest to the St. Louis
convention."
In the course of the resolutions this
declaration is made as to a candidate:
The party should refdse to follow the
leadership of such men as August Bel
mont, declare the resolutions, adding
that the Albany platform failed to
make a single issue with Republican
policies, contained no denunciation of
"President Roosevelt's usurpation of
power," no reference to the breach of
faith with Colombia, no opposition to
the government of colonies by this re
public and no condemnation of monop
olies in private hands. The platform
adopted to-night denounces protection
of monopoly by tariff and concludes:
"The present issue is whether the
beneficiaries of special privileges shall
control the Government or whether it
shall be administered for the protection
of the rights of all the people."
BEL.MOXT DENOUNCED.
"Judge Parker is the candidate of
tariff beneficiaries, imperialists, mo
nopolists and those who profit by spe
cial privileges and seek to uphold them
as vested rights.
The platform adopted at the meeting
opens by condemning the expansion
pqlicy of the Republican administra
tion. In speaking of the recent Demo
cratic convention, the platform recites
that the convention instructed for Par
ker .by a vote of 301 to 149 and that
many of those who voted against this
resolution of instruction represented
the Democratic districts of the State
where enthusiastic support of the nom
inee is essential to party success. The
platform goes on to say that Parker's
candidacy is discredited by the char
acter of his sponsors and that neither
he nor .those who spoke for him have
presented his canaidacy so as to de
serve success. The platform continues:
"Judge Parker Is silent. Senator Hill
speaks for him. We know Senator
Hill's record. As Governor of the State
of New York he blocked the secret bal
lot. As Senator he opposed his party's
position on the tariff and income tax.
The people of New York expressed
their opposition of Senator Hill when
he was beaten for the office of Govern
or in 18D4 by 156.000 votes. Neither
harmony, confidence nor success can
now follow his discredited leadership."
The platform continues by saying
that Parker was elected Chief Justice
of New York in 1898 because the name
of his opponent did not appear on the
ballot of the Citizens' Union in New
York City, and then says:
A DO 1*1 PLATFORM.
NEW YORK, June 20.— Cooper Union
was crowded to-night at the anti-
Parker convention called by some of
those who do not concur in the Parker
instructions given at the New York
State convention. W. J. Bryan was the
principal speaker and when he ap
peared on the platform was enthusi
astically applauded. Before making
his address he said he would not name
his favorite candidate for President,
but he made a savage attack on the
"reorganizers" and vigorously opposed
the nomination of Judge Parker, who
was held up as the candidate of the
corporations and not of the people.
Judge Samuel Seabury of the City
Court, who presided, spoke of Parker
as the candidate of the "plutocracy."
He advised the meeting to repudiate
Parker and urged the sending of a del
egation to St. Louis to protest against
his nomination and to assure the con
vention that if nominated Parker could
not carry "the State of New York.
Dissatisfied Democrats Adopt
a Platform in Which Judge
Is Referred To as the Candi
date of Tariff Beneficiaries
The agreement of the delegates to
name George A. Knight for confirma
tion by the convention as National
Committeeman for California was ful
filled to-day. When the delegation met
in executive session this morning the
first question to be taken up was that
of the selection of a National Com
mitteeman. True to his word, A. Ruef,
who has aspired to the honor himself,
arose and in a speech rich with eulogy
and commendation Dlaced Knight in
nomination for the office. The nomi
nation was indorsed by acclamation.
The delegation avoided a possible
contest between Ruef and Short for
appointment on the platform and reso
lutions committee by delegating to
Chairman McKinley authority to ap
point all members of «-ommittees. Mc-
Kinley forthwith named Short to act
on the platform committee and dele-
Rated Ruef to act on the committee
on rules.
The withdrawal of Gunst as a candi
date for appointment on the notifica
tion committee left the way clear for
the appointment of Governor Pardee,
and this action on the part of Chair
man McKinley permanently disposed
of what threatened yesterday to de
velop into an unpleasant controversy.
Judge McKinley next appointed E.
D. Roberts of San Bernardino honorary
vice president from California, George
W. Reed of Oakland to act on the cre
dentials committee and C. E. Clinch of
Grass Valley a member of the commit
tee on permanent organization. Gunst
i\as given the honor of representing
California on the committee that will
notify the nominee for Vice President
It was the general belief when the
delegation met in the Auditorium at
10 o'clock this morning that it would
declare in favor of Fairbanks of In
diana. After some discussion, how
ever, the Californians decided to fol
low the majority of the big Eastern
States and a>vait an official declaration
of Mr. Roosevelt's desires before com
mitting themselves on what appears
to be the only open Question that will
come before the convention. A ma
jority of California's delegation favors
Fairbanks, but does not desire in any
way to run counter to the wishes of
the President. In all probability Mr.
Roosevelt's wishes will be made known
to-morrow. The announcement of Cal
ifornia's position will immediately fol
low.
HEADQUARTERS CALIFORNIA
! DELEGATION. CHICAGO, June 20.—
¦ To-morrow comes the convention, and
I when the gavel falls it will find Cali
i fornia ready, with one exception, to
i take her part In the deliberations.
) There is but one question open, so far
as the delegation trom the Golden
State is concerned, and that is in re
lation to its attitude toward the vari
ous candidates for the nomination for
Vice President.
Staff Corrc-spondrnt of The Call,
By F. W. Bishop.
"'Knowing your good heart and good
Intentions, I implore solely that you
n-rk information regarding the whole
empire, including Finland, Poland and
tho Baltic provinces.
"Signed with the deepest veneration,
your Majesty's humblest and truest
*ubjer t, El'GENE SCHAUMANN.* 1
A copy of the letter was mailed to a
Person who was not in Finland, Schau
mann writing him that he was sure
the original would not reach the Em
l«?ror.
"Your Majesty. I have done my deed
alone after mature deliberation and in
the moment of death I swear there
¦was no conspiracy.
STOCKHOLM. June 20.— A local
newspaper publishes a letter to the
Emperor of Russia purporting to have
been written by Kugene Schaumann,
the assassin of Governor General Bob
rikoff of Finland, the original of which
Schaumann said would be found upon
his bodv after his deed had been com
mitted. The letter follows:
"Sire: Through the Senate, xrhich
Is obedient to Bobrikoff. the latter has
succeeded in creating lawlessness in
Finland. Through lies and false rep
resentations Bobrikoff and Plehwe
(Minister of the Interior) have induced
your Majesty to issue ordinances in
compatible with Finnish laws, which
you promised at your succession to
guard firm and unshaken.
"Many of the officials of the Eiate
have been removed without a trial in
favor of fortune hunters and others
ineligible to state offices under Finnish
laws, and your most intelligent and
truest subjects have been banished.
"Plehwe. whose duty it is to report to
your Majesty all matters concerning
the Grand Duchy of Finland, is not a
Finlandor, has no knowledge of Fin
land's laws and customs, and has com
mon interests with Bobrikoff, there
fore vour Majesty does not get a true
knowledge of the real situation.
"As it is not probable that the real
eituatlon will be known to you in the
near future unless Bobrikoff be re
moved, there is only one way to take
ee'f-defense, and that is to render him
innocuous. The remedy is violent, but
it la the only one.
REFUSES TO NAME
FAVORITE CANDIDATE
Ruef and Short Win
Honors at Hands of
Chairman.
.
Assassin Says the Oilicial
Brought Death on Himself
by His Treatment of Finns
SCORES DEAD GOVERNOR
W. J.Bryan, Principal Speak
er of Political Enemies of
Jurist, Attacks "Reorgani
zers" and Their Nominee
Knight Becomes Cam
paign Manager
for State.
Slayer of Bobrikoff Gives
Reasons for Crime in an
Epistle to Russian Ruler
OPPONENTS
OF PARKER
SCORE HIM
LEAVES LETTER
FOR THE CZAR
COMMITTEE MEMBERS ARE CHOSEN
AT CALIFORNIA DELEGATION CAUCUS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1904.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I 1 RM
H Brand M
1 Evaporated m
H Gream m
|fl Is cf uniform quality at all fig
En seasons, alvayspure, heavy j||
Ha in consistence, cf delicious fil
|i flavor and appetizing ap- fi|
HH Ask for the brand vith pji
iH the"Helvetia" cap label bxA
ijll Made by the largest pro-
/jgjja ducers of Evaporated E&jj&L
/&£* Cream in the vorld.
iir 1 wnn'Q
PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
-ty
There is no other such deal-
ing in
««* baking-powdar cp:eea
t coffee flavoring extract! coca
as Schilling's Best; no othei
such goods; the goods accoun'
for the dealinsr.
ADVESTlSEHirENTS.
Golf Shirts for SOc
To-day we place on sale a quantity of golf shirts at 50c.
They are worth 75c. We reduced them merely to popularize our
furnishing goods department. Better lay in a supply— enough, for all
summer. Wear them on your vacation also.
The materials are madras and percale. The colors are the latest —
tiger, tan, gun metal, Havana brown, oyster gray and white grounds,
with checks, figures and stripes in other pleasing colors.
Some cqme with cuffs attached, others have separate link cuffs.
Sizes 14 to 17. See them on display.
Mail Orders Filled— Write Us.
740 Market Street.
PE-RU-NA CURES CATAiF
OF KIDNEYS EVERY TIME
Mr. George-King. it'at^n^^r.'- lllwfc^t^:
MR. GEORGE KING. Drputy Sheriff ne >' s of th> ; *^J OlUW' 0^
of Resellaer Co.. N. Y.. for years s t u S u ;i n t fcgj) P«»\\l-^-
was a well-known merchant of blood. pre- \\ \*M\\1
Troy. In a letter from No. 45 King St.. L venting the wJ\\\
Troy. N. Y., he writes: I serum P from k\\\\
"Peruna cured me from what the doc- the blood. )
tors were afraid would turn into B right's Peruna <g*£3gTiTfrJ |
Disease, after I had suffered with ca- thV^idneys
tarrh of the bladder and kidney trouble. to cxcret( . i rom the blood the accumu -
"Peruna is a blessing to a sick man. lating poison, and thus prevents th»
Eight bottles mede me a well man and convulsions which are sure to follow If
were worth more than a thousand dollars the poisons are allowed to remain. It
to me. I cannot speak too highly of it. gives great vigor to the heart's action
It Is now four years since I was trou- and digestive system, both of which are
bled, and I have enjoyed perfect health apt to fail rapidly in this disease. * •
since.»-George King. peruna cun>JJ catarrh of th<j Wdneyt
Mr. Joseph Mackin. 112 Lockwood St.. simply because it cures catarrh wher-
Providence, R. I., writes: "As I saw so ever located.
anTl t^^Tol^T^JV^o^ll I If/™ d ° r ?"- Prompt and satis-
tine anv bpttpr I thought T wnnH Sivo factory results from the use of Peruna.
Perinea trtelf' I Kht a bo?tle «ff U T&L* 1 , o^e »o ©r. Hartman. giving a
seven months ago and to my surprise I ? u " f ta i eme »!l % J<>Ur SK? 1 8 ? d & W *J l
felt much better. The doctors called my ?!?,. tO slvc yOU hl3 valuable ad "
ailment catarrhal trouble and kidney * ICe Sraus.
trouble. I took seven botles of your Address Dr. Hartman. President of Th«
remedy and It cured me." TIartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.Reliable gas , ranges . ?16 50, regular
price $20, this week only at S. F. Gas
& Electric Co., 415 Post St. ' • •
LIAOYANG. June 20.— General Sam
sonoff has been appointed to command
Qeneral Stakelberg's rear guard.
New Command for Samsonoff.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 20.— The
general staff believes it probable that
Generals Kurokl and Oku are medi
tating a combined attack on General
Kuropatkin before he is further rein
forced. In order to do this they must
Japanese Adopt a Novel Method of
Communication.
'PHONES ON -BATTLEFIELD.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 20. — The
War Department formally denies the
reports published in Copenhagen and
Paris of rioting at Helsingfors, Fin
land. . .. .,-'"?¦:. •'; J. -.'¦ ?
All Quiet in Finland.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 20.— A dis
patch from Lieutenant General Stoes
sel. commander of the Russian mili
tary forces at Port Arthur, dated June
17, Just received here^ reports that no
serious fighting has occurred around
Port Arthur. Only a few skirmishes
have taken place, the siege operations
not yet having begun.
ONLY LIGHT SKIRMISHES.
TOKIO, June 20.— A Japanese in
fantry and cavalry patrol, which was
sent out from Takushan on June 18,
reports having encountered a force of
Russians at Chipanhing, thirty-six
miles west of Siuyen, and at other
points, and the fighting of a series of
skirmishes. The Russians had fifty
men killed and three men and many
guns captured. The Japanese sus
tained six casualties.
FIGHTING NEAR SIUYEN.
It has developed that the Japanese
at Vafangow had an accurate topo
graphical map of the whele battlefield
and that their batteries were connected
by telephone.
act before the- rainy season, which is
imminent.
There -is an unconfirmed rumop in
St. Petersburg to-night that a. battle
at Halcheng is actually proceeding and
that -there have been heavy losses on
both sides.
VLADIVOSTOK. June 20.— It is be
lieved that the Japanese transports
sunk in the Straits of Korea by the
Russian warships were conveying a
portion of the fourth army. There
was no alternative except to torpedo
the Hatashl and Idzumi, as their crews
refused to surrender.
The British collier captured by the
Russians has been brought to this port.
She haa on board, 6500 tons of anthra
cite coal. A prize court has assem
bled to try her.
BELFAST, Ireland, June 20.— The
owners of the British steamship Alan
ton, captured by the Russians and
taken to Vladivostok, say ! the vessel
left •Muraron. Japan, June 13, with coal
for Singapore. They consider her cap
ture wholly unjustifiable and will lodge
a claim for damages. The crew con
sists of thirty British subjects.
Will Determine the Fnte of the British
Collier Alanton.
PRIZE COURT ASSEMBLES.
"On June 13 our rifles drove the Jap
anese from, two positions east of the
Siayobindar- mountains. Lieutenant
Bitzeiff and a rifleman were killed and
Lieutenant Znobinsky and four rifle
men were wounded. Lieutenant Znob
insky has since died."
"The enemy's torpedo boats bom
barded the semaphore station, but they
retired precipitately on the approach
of the cruiser Novik and our torpedo
boats, which opened fire upon them.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 20.—Lieu
tenant General Zelinsky, chief of staff
to Viceroy Alexieff, has sent the fol
lowing telegram to the Minister of
War, under date of June 19:
"According to irhtrrtnatlcm received
from Port Arthur, on June 14 three
Japanese battalions pushed forward
across the Siayobindar mountains
toward Lounnatan. Two detachments
of Captain Loubinsky's rifles and a
company of frontier guards stopped
their advance.
Port Arthur Garrison Drives Japanese
From Two Positions.
ZELINSKY REPORTS FIGHTING
PORTLAND.. Ore., June 20.—Five
thousand rooms under one manage
ment for rent during the Lewis and
Clark Fair, an average profit of $190
on each room and a total cleanup of
nearly $1,000,000. This is the magnifi
cent stake being striven for by a new
corporation in the Lewis building. The
object is virtually to control the room
ing privileges in . rooming houses and
private residences during the fair.
For four weeks the company has had
forty solicitors securing ironclad con
tracts with owners and lessees pf pri
vate houses and rooming houses. These
contracts secure to the company the
absolute control of the rooms specified
in the contract from the opening to
the closing day of the fair.
Special Dispatch to The Call
TO COMPROMISE JUDGMENT.— Harry W.
Knoll, e.r administrator, petitioned the Superior
Coort yesterday tor leave to compromise at
10000 a Judcment of the Hornet G. Cobb estate
fccalnst the eatate of Jerome B. Cox for $9304.
Tht judgment In question constitutes the en
ttn «st*t« of Cobb.
Portland Syndicate Schemes
to Make Huge Profits Dur
ing Lewis and Clark Fair
WASHINGTON, June 20.— An ex
planation of the Japanese campaign on
the Liaotung Peninsula, especially with
reference to Port Arthur, is contained
in an advice that has reached this
city from a source believed to be abso
lutely .reliable. The Japanese tactics,
which have so puzzled the Russians,
are intended to isolate Port Arthur,
but do not contemplate an attack on
the place by General Oku's army. The
Fourth Army Will Land for the Siege
v of Port Arthur.
JAPAN'S WAR PROGRAMME.
SAN JOSE. June 20. — Frank Sala
zar, who yesterday shot James Rios in
the leg during a row, was to-day
charged with assault to murder. The
<-omplaint was sworn to by Mrs. Luisa
Rios, the mother of the injured r.:an.
Salazar waa arraigned before Justice
Wallace and in default of $5000 bail was
sent to the County Jail. His examina
tion wa* fixed for next Friday.
Salazar Goes to Jail.
PLANS CLEANUP
OF A MILLION
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., June 20.— The
Indianapolis News to-day received a
special cable from Hector Fuller, its
special staff war correspondent at
Chefu, giving the following account of
his release from Port Arthur and the
situation inside the besieged fortress:
"After spending five days in a Rus
sian prison, I was released and put on
board a Chinese junk and sent to this
place.
"The stories of starvation in Port
Arthur spread by the Japanese are un
true, a? stores and supplies are con
stantly arriving at the besieged city
from Chinese ports. The Japanese
blockade is ineffective.
'The garrison consists of between
War Writer Believes the Stronghold
Cannot Be Taken.
NEW FORTS AT PORT ARTHUR
TWO RIVAL NAVAL COMMANDERS
WHO FIGURE IN THE DAY'S
"WAR NEWS.
KAN JOSE, June 20. — Colonel Gi
raud. Major Brown, Colonel Patton
and Major Gillett of the Department
of California, IT. S. A., and Southern
Pacific Agent Shoup of this city have
been inspecting nites suitable for
maneuvers next fall and all are fa
vorably impressed with grounds near
Gilroy. The officers returned to San
Francisco this morning.
Army Officers of the Department of
California Are Pleasi'd With
Ijocation at Gilroy.
OFFICERS SEEK SITE
IXJR MANEUVER GROUND
ST. PETERSBURG, June 20.—Nego
tiations for the purchase by Russia
of six Argentine cruisers had almost
reached a successful conclusion when
Argentina raised the question as to
what (lag they would be transferred to,
she being unwilling to sell direct to
a belligerent. The medium through
which negotiations were conducted sug
gested that they be transferred to
Venezuela or Costa Rica or Bulgaria,
which would turn them over to Rus
sia, but President Roca rejected the
proposal, insisting that -a bona fide
power should be the purchaser. Then
Turkey negotiated through the Argen
tine Legation at Paris. The result of
the negotiations is not known.
Hitch in the Dickering/" Between Rus
sia and Argentine.
NEGOTIATIONS FOR WARSHIPS.
NEW YORK. June 20.— X cable dis
patch to the World to-day, which was
not signed and which probably was
forwarded by the American legation in
Peking, announced the . shooting of
Colonel Edward Emerson Jr., one of
the World's correspondents In the Far
East, and conveyed tne impression that
he had been killed. The cable stated
that Colonel Emerson had been shot
by retreating Russians, who mistook
him for a spy.
Said to Have Been Taken for a Spy
by Russians.
WAR CORRESPONDENT SHOT.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 2O.-Gen
eral Kuropatkin has telegraphed to the
Emperor, under date of June 18, as
follows:
"General Stakelberg reports that the
enemy^ has not advanced beyond Va
¦fangow,., It is reported that , three
bodies of troops are extending their
front between Vafangow and Tschon
jon. After two days of fighting and
two tiring night marches by difficult
mountainous roads the troops have
been able to rest. Their moral** is ex
cellent. It has not yet been' possible
to procure precise details of our losses.
Accurate numbers are procurable in
only the following regiments:
"First division, East Siberian Rifles,
fifteen officers killed and forty-nine
wounded, twelve of whom remained on
the battlefield; 386 soldiers killed and
992 wounded. 5S6 of whom remained on
the battlefield, but some of whom,
however, were picked up by the ambu
lance train. In the Thirty-third,
Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth regi
ments, one officer and 120 soldiers
were killed and nineteen officers
and 606 soldiers wounded. Ninety
six of these soldiers remained
on the battlefield. The First Artillery
Brigade lost ten officers and 103 sol
diers killed; the Ninth Brigade of Ar
tillery one officer and twenty-five sol
diers killed; the Tobolsk Regiment one
officer and three soldiers killed, one
officer and forty men wounded and
three missing; the Marschansk Regi
ment six officers and 131 men wounded,
eleven men killed and eight missing."
Kuropatkln Confirms Reports of the
Tellssri Slaughter.
MORE DETAILS OF LOSSES.
Japanese Statesman.
-6T. PETERSBURG. June 20.— An in
terview with Baron Suyematzu, pub
lished in Paris and suggesting that
Japan is willing to accept the media
tion of a power equally well disposed
to Russia and Japan, while regarded
as a tentative utterance, attracts mur-h
attention, coming from Marquis
Ito. It is generally interpreted as
meaning that Japan is shrinking before
the prospect of a long, exhausting war.
Government ofRcials do not show the
slightest disposition, however, to relax
their position, the Sentiment being
that, having been forced into the war
and driven to make heavy sacrifices,
to stop Just now, when Russia is pre
pared to accomplish something, is quite
impossible.
Significant Interview by a Famous
WOULD ACCEPT MEDIATION.
ing in the thick woods back of Mount
Vernon. A. H. Johnson, George Reilly
and Louis H. Garbe are the men who
beat the prison.
One is a horsethief, one a bank
breaker and the third a burglar.
Rurglar. Horscihicf and Bank Breaker
Escape Prom a Prison in
Washington.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 20.— A break
from the Skajit County Jail occurred
at Mount Vernon at 2 o'clock this
morning.
Three prisoners escaped and are hid-
PESPKRATK HEN BREAK
OUT OF JAIL. AXD HIDE
60,000 and 60.000 troops, and the health
of both soldiers and civilians is good.
The damaged battleships have all been
repaired and the harbor entrance clear
ed of obstructions. Immense new
forts have been constructed, and, in
my opinion, the place is in no immedi
ate danger of falling into the hands
of the Japanese.
"The Japanese attack by land made
on the 6th inst. was easily repulsed."
Fuller was rowed across to Port Ar
thur from the Mieotao Islands by two
Chinese in an open boat, and was, on
landing, on June 15, seized, blindfolded
and thrown into a prison inside tht
fortress.
actual work of reducing Port Arthur
will be confided to another Japanese
army under command of General Nogi,
which will be landed on the peninsula
(and, indeed, may even now be landed)
at a point south of General Oku's po
sition and considerably nearer -Port
Arthur.
On the first of June no less than
twenty-six transports had been gath
ered at one of the Japanese ports to
embark this army, and it is probable
that the vessels attacked by the Vladi
vostok squadron were of this number.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 20. — Ac
cording to the Novoe Vremya the
Russian oil combinations have capitu
lated to the Standard Oil Company,
and even the Rothschilds and N'obel
interests have come to terms with the
American concern. The whole output
of the Baku wells is at present in
American hands, the rivals having be
come friends.
Slav Corpoi-ations and the Rothschilds
and Xobcl Interests Capitulate
to American Concern.
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
CONTROLS RUSSIAN OUTPUT
WALLA WALLA, Wash., June 20.—
After 6ixty-elght years' separation.
Jason Lucas of Deer Lodge. Mont.,
walked In to-night and greeted his
deter. Mrs. J. A. Higgins with a Joke.
When they parted in 1S35 he was 19
and she was 23. Now he is a white
bearded, gray-haired man of SS, and
she is a silver-locked woman of 92.
The family separated in Massachusetts
in 1S25, Jason moving to Wisconsin and
correspondence soon ceasing.
United When Both Pass Four
Score Mark.
Pair Are Separated In Youth and Are
BROTHER AXD SISTER
3IEET AFTER MANY YEARS
The weather is clear, and it is be
lieved that the Russian vessels again
have swung to the north.
It was reported to-day that Vice Ad
miral Kamimura was engaging the
Vladivostok squadron oft Oshiuia, but
this proved to be erroneous.
NAGASAKI, June 20 (.".p.m.).— A re
port has been received here from Moji,
on Shlmonost-ki Strait, that firing has
been heard at sea to the northwest.
Steamships are being detained at Moji.
•Thcs— cruiser division has reached
Vladivostok without losing any men or
sustaining any damage."
The Vladivostok squadron return
ed to port yesterday. The Ad
miralty has received a long report from
Vice Admiral Bezobrazofl. It does not
mention a bombardment of the Japan
ese coast.
In view of Vice Admiral Skrydloff
having stafed that tho Japanese trans
port Sado was sunk, th« Admiralty In
awniting an explanation of the Tokio
te!egrams saying the Sado was beirt;;
towed to port.
The military critics are discussing
the resMlts of raid by the Vladivo
stok squadron. They say Vladivostok
has proved more valuable as a naval
harbor and better as a strategical po
sition than Port Arthur.
TOKIO, June 20.— The Russian Vladi
vostok squadron did not come into tlit
Strait of Korea to-day. The suspicion
of its presence there was based on the
Hashing of searchlights seen off Ikl
Island last night. The Japanese made
careful disposition of their warships
to intercept the enemy,, but when day
broke there was no sign of them in the
strait.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 20— Under
date of June 20 Vice Admiral Skrydloff
M?nt the following message to the Em
peror:
He dresses like a dandy and is much
< hagTlned that he cannot wear all his
Jewels. His cell is decorated with
most expensive flowers cut every morn
ing.
Friends of the prisoner say he has
J1O0.O00 In cash on deposit in a Seattle
bank.
He haa 5500 on deposit with the
jailer for messenger hire and delicacies
sent him from the most expensive res
taurant.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 20.— Big
Steve Stevens, who was recently con
victed of smuggling $30,000 worth of
opium into the United States from
British Columbia, is living like a prince
in the King County Jail.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Cruisers Lose No Men
and Sustain No (
- Damage.
Prisoner Dresses in Style
and His Cell Is Decorated
With Choicest Flowers
FRESNO, June 20.— The remains of
an unknown man were found along the
Southern Pacific Railroad track this
morning and were picked up bit by bit
and placed in a market basket. So
thoroughly disfigured are the remains
that no trace is left whereby he can
be identified save a light brown cap, a
leather watch fob and a pair of buck
skin gloves.
Last night as the midnight freight
passed through Selma a fire broke out
in a Jruit car at the end of the train.
The car was backed up to the tank,
uncoupled and the fire put out.
As the train pulled out a tramp pass
ing the livery stable of G. R. Sweeney
stopped and told a strange story. Ac
cording ¦ to his story he and another
man, who is thought to be the one
killed, were beating their vay. He
noticed the fire in the car and ran
ahead on the top of the train and re
ported to the engineer. The man se
cured a bucket and filled it with water
and started back along the top of the
train to put the fire out. He said as
he rushed along in the dark he ran
into a man and knocked him down,
causing him to roll off the car.
With the remark, "I wonder what
happened to him," he strolled down the
street. He has not been seen since.
The fob without the -watch makes the
robbery theory tenable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Improbable Yarn Gives Rise
to Theory That the Yic
tim Was Robbed and Slain
TBAMFS QUEER STORY
MONEY SPENT LAYISHILY
Skrydloff Reports the
Success of His
Venture.
Dig Steve Stevens, the Smug
gler, Is Serving His Term
Surrounded by Luxuries
Remains of a Stranger Are
Picked Up on the Railroad
Track in a Fresno Town
WOULD WEAR
GEMS IN JAIL
VLADIVOSTOK SQUADRON, AFTER ITS DARING RAID,
RETURNS WITHOUT MISHAP TO THE SIBERIAN PORT
TRAIN KILLS
UNKNOWN MAN
RUSSIAN WARSHIPS ELUDE JAPANESE FLEETS AND REACH SAFE HAVEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 1904
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
APVKBTIS-RTflT.TJTaL
JgPfARTERS
ijpi|| I IVEIR
Positively cured by these
Iiittlo Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Djspepsfa,
' Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
j feet remedy for Dizziness, Kausea, Drowsi-
j aess, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tonguo
! Pain in the Side, TORPID LTVTR. They
j Regulate the BoweLj. Purely Vegetable.
Small PI!!. Small Dose.
SmaJl PricQ.
visit DR. JORDAN'S grzat^
3BDSE0Q OF fl»ATO»Y^
Q Cfo lS5HUigIgCtf..5baTa.S.T.&d. A
\ Mr The La*tent Anal rlckI Muirwn in tb« >
Q m^yfi^um. Weld. W«knes««« or auy r n:u •• ' A
6S'fW] diieite p»*lll%rlr aarmt ny the olJeit Y
I fc* v5 1 l>peci» i»! on ihc Co ut. Eat. jt jean. ©
A BiWfl DR. JOSDAK-D'SEASES OF ME* A
\ f fffiiQ Cornultitioa free ard wrrtly priritt \
Q i SjiJn TtMimenl p<r»on»lljr or by !»:irr. A g
T 9 jT \{ 17 f—ilt— £W« la *»ery cas« undertakes. W
Aril if? w,,.. fr,, B.k. rait.ONorai m* A
" .'! 1^ Binausi. MAii.ai> mi. Uf
A ii /> valuable book far mm) \
V till. JOBDA* A CO.. IC2I Unrkf ti«t..S. F V
¦ I ¦«/ ppjipn Prompt relief. Cam* rumoTcj.
Nfll rtBtn- l| ' rmrit " m * n "" M ' r ' t "" a <?*»•
¦¦^ ¦ ¦ ¦»¦«¦• pl 8 t» »r.» p«rm»aaiit .-r.mtitu-
AND fiCTHM A tion»! ClUh. >«k tn rr«.
W MO I nffifl Write M onco for It. to
P. HAROLD HfYES. Buffalo, M. Y.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Steamers leave, Broadway
/C&^-^&oK wharves, piers 9 and 11.
fiff s * n Francisco:
/ft/fBLp^a \-k\ For K>u-h:kan. Wran**!.
I / VC*Pa 1 1 J"neau. Halnes Skagway.
I \ \taiitl / / * tc • Alaska— II a. m. Jur.a
\*\ V •/al *•< -*• July 5 - Cllan * e to
VyvJl^>xJ/ Company' a steamers at Se-
>J?A?5i*SW/ attle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townaend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
DellinKham— 11 a. m., Jun« 1U. 24. July ».
Change at Seattle to this company'* eteamera
for Alaska anJ O. N. Ry.; at Seattle cr Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt I5ay>— Pomona. 1:30
p. m., June 21. 27 July 3. Corona. 1:30 p. m.,
June IS. 24. SO. July 6.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anseles and
Redondo). San T>\rgo and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, ft a. m.
State of California. Thursday*. 9 a. m.
For Los Aneeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. » a. m., June lrt. 24. July 2.
Coos Bay. » a. m., June 20. 2S. July 6.
For Ensenada. 3Ja«dalena Ear. San Jose del
Ca.bo, Matatlaa. Altata. La Pa» Santa Ro-
•alla, Guaymas (Mex). 10 a. m.. "th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1004—1^*
palatial excursion steamship Spokane wl.l
leave Tacoma. Reattlo and Victoria June 21.
July 8. 19. Aug\ 2. 19.
For further Information obtain folder. TMtrnt
* T1CJCET OPP1CSS 1 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market it., and Droad-
way wharv»s. Treir^t Oflce, 1<> Market st.
C. D. Dt'NANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN ZJITC.
Plnnouth — Cierbonxa 1 — Soutlraaipton.
FYcm New Tork. Hnturdays. »JSO a. m.
Germanic July 2' Philadelphia ...July i»
SL Paul July 9 St. Louis July 21
ATLANTIC TBAITSPOET LKrE.
27aw Tork — London Direct.
Mlnnetcnka July 2. 9 a. m.
Mlnnehaha July ». 2 p. m.
Minneapolis July 1« 8 a. m.
Mesaba July 23. 9 a. m.
Only flrst-clasa paaserKera carried.
DOMXZT1OIT LINE.
Montreal — IJverpool — Short sea passagr
Vancouver July 2IDomlnion July 1*
Kensington July 9 Southwark July 2.1
HCIiliSD-AMEraCA TJtTTi:
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12..WO Tons.
K«-nr Torlt — Rotterdam. Via> Bonlojrna-
Sailina; Tuesdavs at 10 a. m.
Noordam July RfPotsiam July 1!»
Statendam July 12Rotterdam Au*. 3
BCD STAB IJHI.
ICew York — Antwerp— Pari«.
From New Tork. Saturdays, at 10:50 a. m.
Vaderland ...'..July 2[Zefland July IS
Kroonland July » Finland July 23
WHITE STAS LINE.
New Tcr>" — Oxre*n«t<rwn — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesday*.
Teutonic. July C. 10 amlMaientic.July 20. 10 am
Celtic JulyS, t pm;Cedric...July 22. 1 pra
Baltic... July 13. 5 pin Oceanic. .July 27. 5 pm
Boston — Qneen»towT> — ZdverrKJol.
Republic (new) July 7, Aug. 11. Sept. <
Cymric July 14. Aug. H. Sept. IS
Cretic July 2-S. Aug. 2?. Sept. 23
NSW SERVICES PEOM 30ST0N.
Psit Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11-400 to 15 OOO Tone.
BOSTON DTRECT^TO THE
MEDITERRANEAN. VIA AZO2E3.
OmRALTAB, HATT.T8, GET^O.*.
CANOP1C July 2. Aug. 27. Oct. *i
ROMANIC Sept. 17. Oct. 2>. D«c 3
First claw. *C3 upward, depending on date.
C. t> TATLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post «t.. San Francisco.
Jfamburg-Jtmerican.
S«mi-WeeklT Twin-Screw Service
FOTt PL.TMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURf*
•tMoltke June 30|tPretorta July 1<l
tPatrlcta July 2 Hamburg July 21
•Deutschland ..July 7, tWaldersee July 2jl
•BelgraTia July 9 t*Moltke- July 23
•Haa grill room and ttrymnaslum on board.
JWlll call at Dover only.
- HAMBTJX,O-A3XEKXCAir LINE.
Offices, 3T» and .77 Broadway. N«w Tork.
I HERZOG ft CO.. 4O1 CALIFORJfTA 3T.
l ____—— — i — — — — — — — — — —^-"
O..R* & AT. CO.
COLUMBIA sails June 16. 2fl. July 6. 18 anil
2a. GEO. W. ELDER sails June 21. July 1.
II 21 and 31. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND OR. and short rail line from Portland
to" all points East. Through tickets to all
points. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meats. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11
am S. F. BOOTH. Oen. Agt. Pass. Dept. t
Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
8 S. ALAMEDA for Honolulu. June 25. 11 am.
S - S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a. m.
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. July 7. 2 p. m.
J.D.SPSLCXELS i BE03. a,Alti,TlCfct 02:: 513 Ur-
iel ttefcli 0SB33)Mir«ilL. Pnr/.?.:in ...
C0K7A85IS GENESALS TRA.f 3ATLASTIQ71
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
Salllnif every Thursday instead •<(
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. "*«^ M^-
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. |7t> and upward. Second
class to Havre. M3 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOn CNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson buildlngl.
New Tork. J. F. FUGUZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* aold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To IT. 8. Wavy Yard and VaUeJo.
STMR3 CEN. FRISBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW— 0:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:13 P.
M, «:0O P. M.j*8:30 P. M. <ex. Sunday):
Sundays 9:45 A M.. 8:30 C. M. Leave Vat-
leio 7:00 A. M.. »:0O A- M.. 12:30 NOON.
315 P. M.. 6:00 'P. M. (ex. Sunday): Sun-
days 7:00 A. M.. 4:15. P. M. Landing and
office. Pier 2. foot Mission «U Phone Main
15O8. HATCH BROS.
To U. S. Xavy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmr. II. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay st.. north end of ferry bids. — Week days.
6:30 A. M.. 3 and *8 P. M. ; Sundays. 9:<0
A. M.. 8 r. M. Leave Vallejo— Week daya.
«:50 A. M.. 12:20 and »:3l> P. M.: Sundays, i
P. M. Fare, 25c each way. Excursion rates.
Sundays to Vallejo Olen Cot* and Martinis.
B0« round trip. PIPER. ADEN GOODALI*
CO . phone Main 641. 'Saturday e*c«pted.
WEEKLY CALL,' §1.00 PEB YEAS,
An Opportunity to Join
a Special Excursion
to the Atlantic
Seaboard,
July 7, 1 904
A Special Train going via Chicago
and Niagara Fall» through to Atlan-
tic City. New Jersey, stopping at
Truckee. Including side trip to Lake j
Tahoe and return, also stop at Niag- |
ara Falls, America's Greatest Scenic
Attraction. Tickets returning good
via St. Louis World's Fair, good for
ninety da*-s. Entire train, consisting
of Sleeping Cars. Dining Car and
Composite Smoking Car, through to
destination. This Kxcursion is organ-
ized by a party who intend making
the trip an enjoyable one. taking with
them products of California. This
will be the greatest Kastern Excur- !
slon of the year.
For rates and further information. '
apply to
CARLTONC. CRANE.
Pacific Coast Agent
-New York Central Lines,
637 Market Street.
San Francisco, Cal.
FROM TOP TO TOE-
When it comes to the care of washable
garments worn under coat or trousers —
we take care of the laundering. If you
have not proved — which means approved
after the first trial — our way of washing,
starching, ironing, delivering and col-
lecting your linen, underwear, etc., we
welcome any test to which you may s-'.b-
ject us. Fair enough proposition>l8n't it?
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MARKET STREET.
Telephone South 42a
H. S. BRIDGE & CO. |
MERCHANT TAILORS. ||!
622 Market Street. %
Up Stairs. Opp. Palace Hotel, ft
\ SAN FRANCISCO. jS
if^ojvdtiwinhnported^^
Tfc« resnlti of our first day's Clearance Sale prove conclusively that basinets honesty Is appreciated. We were £1
crowded to tie doors with home furnishers who know our banrains to be real. We advertise that in many broken 1
sets the price is «ven below the actual cost of maUnr the article, and that in all of our reductions you can save I
_ rr0la _ on *^f onrtn to °°*-tlilra In furnishing your home. Come and see for yourself. Gj
£h" m w7tn r " li drawe? (1 and 7 8*5 $60.00 3-PXECE PAELOB SET— Made of veneered mahogany, hand polished 1
bottom «h-lf ana «plf«O»J and hand carved; covered with beautiful silk«f«x rvk ¦ H
bottom sn;lf t damasks. A high grade parlor set for i!p3O«U0 ft • ' HI
=^>-*_ $& fin Slnrie chairs from broken sets as low as one-fourth their fe$5£P^M H
— -rZ^n^-r*, 4>vl*vfvl regular price. 't£4iJ&£2 jl H
IRP^Ft? T a a hi'p r $3.25 $1-50 Goldcn ifWjj §
V H ¦ I I *&& If Low Rock?r CdrO ° m tjltil S
II Jft ,<sImv U throughout; ]t| DrfcHrtcl''*! — Strongly made and Jl ¦ 7I il
it^ti^^p^I Iniih! & I 60 6S Id I well finished.. OCp *£^g||*Rl |
I H • \\ hteh^grade ' Vis mahogany finish and Slafli offlw ci»lri, |
* U \ tab ' f - hand polished; cut to ?££*<*,£; ?£« *£l Tji^^ . Wj f]
If C2 OC *3t?5?lifcv Ci f»A e V from 1 broken ¦<»*' msJ/F >L40r H
(I JlJ.CiJ Shi5S£2*S&& \l WII Rt Practically your "*^ |r k\
«W**wr .. . m -x. own price. ' 'r iJ
"THE CREDIT HOUSE" 233-235-237 POST JSJ. I
"The Biggest Furniture House on the Pacific Coast.": IReliable gas ranges $16 60, regular
pricft $20, this week only at S. F. Gas
& Electric Co., 415 Post st. •
Gabrielle's Anniversary Ball.
Gabrlelle Parlor, Native Daughters
of the Golden West, will give its sec
ond annual ball in Golden Gate Hall
to-morrow evening. The function will
be under the direction of a commit
tee of which President-elect Olive
Wood 'is at the head. "?/ '¦•'„'¦
Blanche Blackwell, a pretty 19
year-old girl, was arrested last night
by Policeman Orr on a charge of pet
ty larceny. Miss Blackwell visited her
friend, Clara Clives, yesterday after
noon. Mrs. dives stepped out of the
room for a minute and claims that
when she returned the girl had fled
with her purse. < Miss .Blackwell was
caught on Mason street by. Mrs. Clives
and turned over to the police. She
was released on bail.
Pretty Girl Turns I/arcenist.
Among the gate prizes to be giyen
is a round trip ticket to the St. Louis
Exposition.
The arrangements for the jollifica
tion will be made by the following
committees:
R. Cornelius, chairman; ¦ M. O'Cbnner. vlco
chairman; J. H. Bowling:, secretary-treasurer;
J. Rowe. recordlnr secretary; J. P. Harilon.
C. ElBensteln. W. L.. Jackson. L. F. Grelner;
finance — R. Cornelius. . J. H. Bowling, C. P.
O'Hanlon. C. Elsensteln; music— E. V. Gracla
and C. EUensteln; printing— R. Cornelius, J.
H. Bowling J. Rowe; prizes— 'R. Cornelius, J.'
H. Bowltnsr. M. OConner, C. P. O'Hanlon, J.'
Rowe, L. F. Grelner, W. L. Jackson; amuse
ments — C. P. O'Hanlon. C. Elsensteln, W. ¦ L..-
Jackson: tug of war — M. O'Conner and C.
Heck; dancing— C. Elsenstein, U F. Grelner,
P. Powers, •
The Street Carmen's Union and the
street railway employes will niake
merry at the Chutes on Friday, July
31. They and "their sisters and their
cousins and their aunts" will hold
their annual picnic at the resort on
that date. " '
One of the Gate Prizes Will Be Round
Trfp Ticket to the St. Louis
Exposition.
STREET CARMEN TO HOLD
PICNIC AT THE CHUTES
TANGIER, June 20. — Apparently
there is another hitch in the negotia
tions for the release of Perdicaris and
Varley. Authorities at the British
consulate express the opinion that Sat
urday will be the date for the release
of the prisoners. It appears that
Raissouli suggested to Mohammed el
Torres, late representative of the Sul
tan of Morocco, that the exchange of
prisoners be made through Zelal, Gov
ernor of the Beni tribe. Zelal refuses
Raissouli's proposition to take the ex
change away from the Beni tribe,
which seems to indicate fear of his
own followers.
Kaissouli's Proposition to Exchange
Prisoners Through Other Than
Bonl Tribe Is Opposed.
PERDICARIS AXI) VARL.EY
MAY BE DISAPPOINTED
Assistant United States District At
torney Duncan E. McKinlay has re
turned from his trip north, where he
has been looking after official business
and Incidentally his political fences.
W. C. Krum of Seattle, an officer of
the Woodmen of the World, arrived at
the California yesterday. His wife Ms
with him.
P. B. McCabe and Thomas Vigus,;
well known residents of Los Angeles,'
were among the arrivals at the Palace
yesterday.
W. H. Pabst, cashier of the Hotel
del Monte, is registered at the St.
Francis. He has come to this city 'to
be married.
Dr. Charles V. Cross' departed yes
terday on a trip to -Europe with the
Intention of visiting the*St. Louis ex
position en route-
Maurice Schmitt, fthe well known
capitalist, accompanied by his wife and
daughter, has returned from a several
months' visit to New York. They are'
staying at the St. Francis.
Mrs. H. M. Yerington and her son,
H. H. Yerington, are down from Car
son City and are registered at the Pal
ace.
Rev. F. S. Scudder and wife and
child of Najantr, Japan, are at the Oc
eidental.
F. A. Spencer, manager of the larg-;
est grocery firm of Portland, is at the
St. Francis.
Dr. T. D. Blodgett of Tulare is at
the Grand.
F. C. Cox, a mining man of Phoenix,
is at the Palace.
Franz F. Bullen. a mining man of
Victoria, Is at the Palace.
E. W. Churchill, a banker of Napa,
is a guest at the Palace.
James Holland, a clerk of the Hotel
del Monte, is at the Palace.
Austin H. Brown, a mining man of
Kennett, and family are at the Pal
ace.
PERSONAL.
Of course, you are soiiig to have a pe
riod of rest thin year, but do not decide
as to where you will pass this season
until after you have read "Vacation
1304." This is a book issued annually by
the California Northwestern Railway
Company, which gives informatio'n re
garding the many rest and pleasure re
sorts to be found on that road. These
resorts are numerous enough and varied
enough to supply thousands of people
with whatever may be needed in the way
of relaxation and recreation, and a"t
prices which may suit every one's pocket.
To be^in with; there is no prettier part
of California than that through which
winds the California Northwestern Rail
way. This is. In itself, a pleasure, and
this is enhanced by the splendid equip
ment of the road and the ceaseless
watchfulness, care and unfailing cour
tesy of the employes.
Aside from the attractive features of
the road, the country traversed by it is
richly endowed with mineral springs,
which restore health and vigor to the
ailing; woods and copses in which game
abounds, running water and lakes in
which swimming and boating may be in
dulged, and streams from which the
trout may be drawn In all its beauty.
While enjoying these, poople may live in
tents, farm houses or hotels, just as In
clination suggests.
Information on all these features is
found in "Vacation 1904." which contains
over 150 pages, and which is richly il
lustrated. The cost of maintenance at
each place is. also given from $7.00 per
week upward.
"Vacation 1904" may be had at the of
fices of the California Northwestern
Railway, or hf mail, in response to a re
quest addressed to the General Passen
ger Agent. San Francisco.
Hints Given in Free Rook Published
' by the California Northwestern
Railway.
WHERE TO SPEND VACATION'.
The trend of the articles in "some of the
country naners Indicate that money Is being
urod a* an ini^cement.
fi&r. Oxnard's'n-.anacers wish to create a
sentiment for him and there is no question as
to where th» mon^y comes from.
There fs not so much corruption in the Sen
atf as In the lower legislative boil Irs. but it
exists there also, and we want men whom
neither office nor money can move.
\Vh»n. therefore, we find a man with the
Integrity and character of th? Hon. Thomas
R. Bard it behooves us. If we consult the
Interest of the commonwealth and the nation,
to continue him In office.
I know that any cne who has had such ex
perience hium b? <julte confident that money
is being- used in behalf of Bard's opponents.
Oxnard's candidacy. ! •
The Rev. Mr. Singer, who has just
come back to the city from a trip to
the south, stated that every one he
met during his Journey was heartily in
favor of Senator Bard's return.
Dr. W. W. Ferrier, editor of the Pa
cific, said:
I have had ten years' experience as an
editor on political papers and at one period
I was comifier«d to be In politics because of
my editorial loMtlon.
The address was received with the
greatest enthusiasm, and general in
quiry was made as to how the clergy
men could each help in returning Sena
tor Bard to the United States Senate.
My answer is: No,
The Senator will come from Southern Cali
fornia. There is no man in Southern Cali
fornia .who is Senator Bard's peer In character
and ability so far as I know, and I have spent
sevtn vcais in traveling every foot of It.
Is It wronr. then, for a minister to advo
cate his re-election?
He does not seek the otflce by any petona!
appeal or by the u?e of money, legitimate or
illegitimate. ¦>
His character and ability are at the service
of the State If the people want him
They ouRfet to want him and would If they
knew the facts. .
After speaking of various examples
of what he considered legitimate action
of ministers in public affairs, Dr. Bald
win said:
The Important Question of the hour 'is the
re-election of Thomas R. Bard to the Senate
of the United States. It is ray conviction that
popular sentiment for his return a.Vjuld be
voiced by every minister of the State.
"The Minister in Public Affairs" was
the subject of an address by the Rev.
Dr. C. G. Baldwin, ex-president of Po
mona College, and now pastor of the
Congregational Church, Palo Alto, be
fore the Congregational Ministers' As
sociation yesterday.
Dr. Baldwin Eulogizes Solon
Before Assembly of
Ministers.
REV. DR. C. G. BALDWN. WHO IS
A STRONG ADMIRER OF SEN
ATOR BARD.
Thomas Rickard of. Berkeley, an ac
tive, able and popular Republican, en
tertains some notion of going to Con
gress as the representative of the
Third District, and from all accounts
he will not ask the Governor or ' the
prospective Cabinet Minister from this
coast for permission to submit his
claims to the convention.
The story that the Contra -Costa
County. Republican Committee Intends
to appoint delegates to the Sena
torial nominating convention is dis
credited. Information comes that
the delegates will be chosen by primary
election, in which all voters of the
party in that county will have a right
to participate. Considerable resent
ment has been aroused in Republican
camps of Contra Costa, County by the
report that George Hatton had quoted
Senator Perkins as saying that- Bel
shaw ought not to be nominated for
the State Senate.
There are many indications that M.
F. Cochrane of San Rafael will be
nominated by the Democrats as a can
didate for State Senator in the Marln
and Contra Costa District.
It is the talk of the political camps of
the Third District that State Senator
G. R. Lukens, who is a candidate foi
the Republican nomination for Con
gress In that district, stands high In
the favor of the State administration.
It is said that Lukens would lend his
influence to advance the Senatorial as
pirations of the Governor.
The gossip goes that Congressman
Metcalf looks with special favor on
State Senator Joseph R. Knowland as
a Congressional candidate, and the in
ference is derived that Mr. Knowland
would like to see Mr. Metcalf in the
Senate as the successor of Senator
Perkins. This alignment therefore
presents Lukens as the Governor's fa
vorite and Knowland as Metcalf's
friend and supporter.
Leading politicians in Contra Costa
County were informed yesterday that
State Senator Charles M. Belshaw
would not under any circumstances
enter the Congressional fight this year.
He expects renomlnation and re-elec
tion to the State Senate. The Call is
informed that' Lieutenant Governor
Alden Anderson of Solano has no in
clination at present to go to Congress,
and he will not enter the contest for
the nomination.
KICKAKD IS AMBITIOUS.
LUKENS VERSUS KNOWLAND.
Affairs in the 'Third Congressional
District continue to engage the atten
tion of politicians. The Call's announce
ment, published some. weeks ago, that
Victor H. Metcalf would be tendered a
position in the Cabinet has been veri
fied. It is regarded as certain that Mr.
Metcalf will accept. There is a general
Impression that his acceptance has al
ready been signified to the appointing
power. There Is a common impression
also that Mr. Metcalf expects to be a
candidate to succeed George C. Perkins
in the United States Senate four years
hence. Senator Perkins, however,
whose health seems to improve, with
experience in public life, will probably
be found ready and willing to succeed
himself. Governor Pardee also has an
Inclination to serve the commonwealth
of California in the Senate of the Unit
ed States, and every one knows that if
he enters the contest four years hence
he will go in to win.
Lucille Mulhall is 19 years old and
won her tlt!e of champion steer roper
in South McAlester, f. T. She once
gave a performance . before President
Roosevelt in Cheyenne, Wyo., when she
tied a steer in twenty-eight seconds.
.ST. LOUIS, June 20.— Colonel Zach
Mulhall, the wealthy cattleman, who
shot three men on the "Pike" at the
World's Fair Saturday night, was re
leased to-day on bonds of $20,000.
Colonel. Edward Butler was his surety.
This caused some surprise, as it had
been decided to hold Mulhall pending
the outcome of the wounded men's in
juries. ><
"There's only one thing I am sorry
for." declared Mulhall to-day, "and
that is that this innocent boy got hurt.
Whose bullet it was I don't know,
but- I do know there were several in
that crowd who were popping at me."
Nearly. 200 friends of Colonel Mulhall
called on him to-day and about seventy
telegrams expressing sympathy were
received from various parts of v the
country.
The colonel is an old friend of Pres
ident Roosevelt, but he refused to say
whether he had received any message
from the President. The shooting was
the culmination of a dispute between
Mulhall and Reed that started some
time ago, when Reed objected to the
amount of feed given to the colonel's
horses, which w«re a part of the Wild
West 'show.
One of the attractions of the show
Is Lucille Mulhall, the colonel's daugh
ter, who recently won a $10,000 prize
for being the champion steer roper of
the world.
Colonel Mulhall is one of the best
known men in the Southwest. He has
been In the cattle business since he
was a boy and owns a ranch of six
thousand acres near Mulhall, O. T.,
which was named after him. He has
frequently been urged to become a can
didate for Governor.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Man Behind Gun a Wealthy
Oklahoinan and an Ac
quaintance of Boosevelt
Contra Costa and Solano
Counties Will Not Block
the Fight in Alameda
In this connection the necent order
of Secretary Hay Is Interesting to note
— that no more will the word United
States appear In connection with the
foreign legation. or consulate. It is to
be the "American" legation— the
"American" consulate over the. door, on
all the stationery, seals, stamps, etc.,
etc. He prefers the word, he says; It
la brief and carries a dignity, that the
other does not. Besides there are other
United States, but all up and down
the Western hemisphere and elsewhere
there Is but one America.
Ministers and Consuls have urged
that Congress should correct these evils
so far as possible by legislation, espe
cially that pie conditions under which
American citizens expatriate them
selves may be defined and that for
eigners mav no longer be granted cer
tificates of citizenship except through
the slow processes of the Federal
courts, a longer residence and a more
thorough test as to the understanding
and appreciation of the benefits con
ferred.
England, by act of Parliament in
1870, changed the status of the married
woman, but the United States still
holds to the old rule. It is a rule that
does not work both ways, for an Amer
ican woman marrying a foreigner re
tains her nationality, while an alien
woman marrying an American becomes
thereby an American citizen. The
American woman living with her hus
band in his own land may acquire citi
zenship there, but she does not thereby
lose citizenship here.
The word citizen here has no dis
tinction of sex and in this has lain
a fair share of the international dis
putes that have attended the whole
matter. The question has arisen as to
the return of Mrs. Maybrick after her
long experience in an English prison.
Having been the wife of an English
man was she not to be rated as an
alien convict, but the question was
quickly disposed of. She is still an
American citizen. In every country
save where the English common law
prevails the nationality of the woman
merges, when she marries, into that
of her husband.
CASE OF MRS. MAYBRICK.
It may be interesting to recall tha't
this right to shift allegiance, now, so
lightly exercised and almost universal
ly acknowledged, was not formally as
sented to by Great Britain until so re
cent a year as 1870, when Parliament
declared that a Briton was no longer
such when he fc-rmally became a citi
zen or subject of another state. The
contention that a Briton could not de
nationalize himself or even that his
sovereign could not denationalize him
was stoutly adhered to all the way
down to 1S14, when she abandoned it
to the- contrary contention by the Unit
ed States and exchanged certain pris
oners of war, formally her subjects,
but taken in the service of this coun
try. And the curious thing about it
was that at that time there was no
such thing as a "citizen of the United
States." Such a thing had no- defini
tion until article XIV, amended, de
clared that "all persons born or natur
alized in the United States and subject
to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens
of the United States and of the State
in which they reside."
The doctrine of Jefferson had, pre
vious to that time, been assented to —
that a person was a citizen of the
United Slates only as he was a citizen
«'f one of the States. A person so un
happy as to have been born in the
great public domain, in the Territories
or in the District of Columbia, was
not a citizen of the United States,
though subject to "their" jurisdiction.
Since the war and the fourteenth
amendment — the influence of both of
which is as meaningful to the white
as to the black — and the United States
has come to be spelled "it" in its
grammatical relation, a person born or
naturalized in the United States is a
citizen of that country whether he has
a residence in any particular State or
Territory or not. A person may be
a citizen of the United States without
being a citizen of any State, but none
may be a citizen of a State without
being also a citizen of the United
States.
It is quite the thing to accuse the
United States of failure to protect its
citizens abroad, but the records in such
cases at the State Department show
that in almost every instance where
such charge is made the alleged victim
was either of doubtful nationality or
he had invoked the power of his adopt
ed country to relieve him of the penalty
of an obligation assumed prior to his
having become an American citizen. It
is these "citizens," many of whom can
not speak the language or have not
spent time enough in the country, to
understand or appreciate remotely its
institutions, that are forever creating
embarrassment and irritation in our
international relations.
SHIFTING ALLEGIANCE.
The thing has been done so often
that even the obscure Consuls know
that it is useless to report the case.
The naturalized citizen learns and must
Kara that when he passes beyond the
jurisdiction of the United States he
must beware.
To the man who seeks to evade du
ties and obligations imposed by his
native land by moving beyond its
borders this serves as a most attractive
invitation to "join us." Having so
served the newly made citizen may go
swaggering back to his native land
with a chip on his shoulder to find that,
however benevolent Uncle Sam may
be in his intentions, he cannot by any
law of his own annul the laws of other
countries. So the man who, to escape
service in the army, for instance, ran
away to America and returns to his
native land a citizen of the United
States, depending upon the expatriation
act to protect him, will find that law to
be entirely impotent in the matter let
him beseach and annoy the American
representative 'as he will.
Congress passed a law — June 27, 1868 —
known as the expatriation act, in
which it is asserted that "all natural
ized citizens of the United States, while
in foreign countries, are entitled to and
shall receive from this Government the
same protection of person and property
which is accorded to native born cit
izens."
While the naturalized citizen remains
in the country of his adoption and be
haves himself he is on all fours with
the native born, but when he goes
abroad— for instance, to his native
country — it is different.
enough to enlist Uncle Sam to back
him in hifc roguery or deviltry abroad.
MAKES TKOUBLK ABROAD.
This is the law and so far it is so
pood. A lengthened period of probation
is advocated and educational and even
financial qualifications are suggested
by those who would hedge tho Ameri
can citizen about with safety measures.
But there arf those who think the chief
laxity of the law as It is lies in the fact
that the final paper may be issued by
Judges of the lesser courts Tho may
bo influenced by impending elections
and ward bosses or upon whom, at
loast, frauds may be practiced in the
hurly burly of such times. The advo
cacy is that the Federal, courts should
have exclusive jurisdiction in the mak
ing of American citizens, just as the
Federal Congress has the exclusive
right to legislate in the matter.
But even those who believe that this
change would go far toward remedying
the evil of eitizenship-made-too-easy
would add several years to the period
between Castle t.arden and the first
vote, together with an acquaintance
with the American language, if not
with the constitution itself. It is not,
however, with the citizen who has be
come naturalized for the purpose of
voting that the representative abroad
or the State Department is concerned.
It is the fellow who is far-sighted
This fact is a large Influence in .lie
movement to set a higher valuation
upon American citizenship to be ex
pressed in adding diffk ities to the
trick of securing it. Under the law a
foreigner is iequired to reside in the
< oUntry for five consecutive years. Two
y*ars before he can hope to secure his
Jinal papers he must file a declaration
of his intention to make such applica
tion and at this time he must under
<>ath renounce aU other allegiance and
promise "support of the constitution of
the United Stales. At the time of his
rinal application two citizens must tes
tily to his contiguous residence for the
time prescribed and hp must prove that
during that time his behavior has been
good and that he is attached to the
principles of the constitution. The
« ountry of his former allegiance must
be at peace with the United States or
he cannot be admitted— not until the
war is over.
HIGHER VALUATION
With this explanation the feeling of
irritation passes and the movement of
the ships is affirmed. But the incident
has served to quicken interest in a
question that has ever vexed the State
Department and worried American
Ministers and Consuls around the
world. It is the question of the natur
alized citizen when he goes abroad.
He causes nearly all the trouble — at
least he causes a great deal of it. In
the pride of his new nationality and
his vast appreciation of its greatneps
and power he is apt to become ob
noxious and require the aid of Amer
ican representation to get him out of
the resulting Jail.
John Hay asked the Question and,
fortunately for Mr. Perdicaris, a few
were able and willing to answer. He
is an American all right. His father
vkas a naturalized citizen and while
serving as Consul at Athens the son
was born in the consulate. So his title
Is clear and although he has taken
up his residence at Tangier these many
years, he resided here long enough in
New Jersey to be esteemed a citizen
of that State. *~~" '
The stories, of his reai estate holdings
at Tangier and the barbaric splendor
of the furnishings of his palaces ana
the manner of his living sueeested to
everybody's mind a Prince of Morocco.
His father, who gave him his name,
was a Greek— that was apparent. But
had he ever seen Broadway or the
statue of liberty of which he had been
deprived, that he called upon Uncle
Sam in the name of his citizenship to
rescue him at any cost to Uncle Sam
cf trouble and expense and internation
al complication.
Who is this Perdicaris?
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON', June 20.— When Ion
Perdicaris was carried off into the
mountains of Morocco by a gentleman
ly bandit and his cry for help was di
rected at the United States and the
United Statts»sent a fleet of warships
to Tangier the plain American citizen
was roused from the contemplation of
his peaceful pursuits by emotions that
were considerably mixed. The first was
interest in the picturesque affair, the
second approval of the prompt and
businesslike rescue measure and the
third was irritation. Sentiment that
provoked the first two was overtaken
ar.d submerged by the sober second
and third thought. Who is this Perdi
caris? — that was the question.
BY S. W. WALL.
LUKENS AND KNOWLAND
HAS HOST OF FEIENDS
Alignment . of -Republican
Candidates in the Third
Congressional v District
Colonel Zach Mulhall, Who
Shot Three Men at World's
Fair, Released From Jail
Case of Ion Perdicaris May Lead to Legisla
tion Making More Exacting the Require
ments for the" Enfranchisement of Aliens
GOSSIP IN CAMP
OF POLITICIANS
CATTLE KING
GIVES BONDS
NATURALIZED CITIZEN ABROAD
PROBLEM TO STATE DEPARTMENT
LAUDS SENATOR
THOMAS R. BARD
FOR INTEGRITY
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1904.
5
RAHAVAY^TRAVEIfc
gC ALIFORNI A I
H LIMITED TO CHICACO M
\\ LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS I j
pa at 5>:.TO a. m., thronyn la' 3 d*y«. I]
9 with diner and all trappings. • | J
Other Santa 7* Trains!
":r>0 a. m.l for Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld.
8-00 p' mj Merced ' Hanford and Vlsalia.
4:C0 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. /or Kansas City, Grand Canyon aad
Chicago. >
TICKET OrriCES — 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot, S. I*. Also Ilia Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 South First St.,
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE-
UH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGIF12
EAILWAT COUFAST.
Tibnron Ferry, Toot of Market Street.
SAZT PEAS-CISCO TO SAN EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:00. 8:00. »:U0. ll:0O a. m. ;
12:33,, 2:30. 3:40. 8:10. 3:5O. 6:30 and X1.3O
P. rn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:00 9:30, ll:C0 tk m.; 1:30,
2:r!0, 3:40 5:10. R:fiO. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN PRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 8:03, 6:50. 7:35, 7:50. 9:2I>
11:15 a. m. ; 12:5(>. t2:0O. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20, «:25. 7:50 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave | In Effect I Arrive
f-an Fran. | May 1. 1904. [ San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Desttna- I Sun- J Week
• Days. I dayt. ( tlon. jjiays. | Days.
7 :30 a 7:45 a! 7:43 a,
7:30a 8:0Oa 8:4i>al8:40»
8:00a 9:30a Ixnaclo. 10:2»alO:20«
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p «:2f» p
6:10p 5:10p «:2Op 7:23 p
I 7:25 pi
8:45 p|
7:30 a! 7:30 a 7:43 al 7:45 a
8:00a| 8:00a Xovato. 10:20 a|10:20 *
2:30 pi 9:30 a Fetaluma. | 6:20 p! B:2O p
5:10 pt 2:30 p and 7:23 pj 7:23 p
I 5:10 p Santa Rosa. |9:45p|
7:30 a) 7:30 a 10:20 allO:20 »
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p «:20 p
2:30 pi 2:30 p 8:45 pj 7:25 p
Windsor. I
7^0 a 7:30a Hea!dsburr. IC. 20 « 10:20 1
Lytton. I
2:30 p 2:30 p Gpyservllle. 7:23 p] 7:25 0
Cloverdale. |
7:30 a! 7:30 a! Hopland !1O:2O a!10:20 a
2:30 p; 2:30 pi and Uklah. | 7:23 p| 7:25 p
I j WillUs! j j
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. I 7:23 p; 7:23 p
8:00 al 8:00 a| GuernevUle and !lol2(ra]Tol20ra
2 :3O p| 2:30 p Camp Vacation, t 3:45 p| 6:20 p
8:0Oa 8:C0a! 8:40a 8:40 a
5:10 p 9:30 al Sonoma, 6:00 p 6'20p
5:10 pi Glen Ellen. | 8:43.p[
7:30 a! 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 Pi 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke'9 Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skatg*
Sprlncs: at Cloverdale for the Geysert. Boone-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carts-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. L'pper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley"». Bucknellt.*
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr'« Hot
Springs Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal: at Willlts for Fort Brag*.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo Laytun-
vllle. Cummins. Bell's Spring!". Harrk. Olsena.
Dyer, Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»>
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all pointj
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
» Ticket Office 650 Market street, Ccronicl*
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAN.- •*
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.'
nippUm TOSANRAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY.
il|ill|ll|i MILL VALLEY,
IS^^SS,i CAZADERO, Etc
Ireratl^^.ffi^'-r Via Sauialito Terry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGS.
Depart from San Francisco, week. days at
6:30. 7:10. 7:45, 8:30 9:13 10:00. ll:0O a. m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausaltto only). 12:20. 1:40. 3:15.
4:00. 4:35. 5:15. 5:80. 6:25. 7:13. 9:00. 10:20.
11:35 p. m.' Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at 7:10i 7:45, 8:30 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a. m. 12:20. 1:00. i:45. 2:30. 3:13, 4:00, 4:33.
5:15. "5:50. 6:23. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. 11:35
p m
'Arrive at San Francisco week days. 6:17.
7:00. 7:35 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:2O. 11:03 a-in..
1205. 1:23. 2:50. 3:25 4:2O, 5:05. 5:40. 8:15.
6'65. 7:55 10:05 11:25" p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43.
1:o6, 8:5O. p. m.
* For Fairfax, week days, depart at .:*.> a. m..
3-15 p m.. 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45. S:30. 9:15. 10:00.
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. l:0O. 1:45. 2:30. 7:13
«nd 8:15 p. ™ kROUGH TOA1Na .
7:45 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way station*.
9:15 a. n».. Sundays only— For Reyes.
etc.
3:15 p. in. dally except Sunday^-For Cara-
*™15*p m.. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point Reyes, etc
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
' 8-15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Caxaders. eta.
TICKET OFFICE— 62B Market tt.
¦ FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market tt.
WeeHy Gall $1.00 perYear"
DR. PIERCE'S BEMEDIES.
TheJLove of Eating. **>
IS THE AMERICAN BECOM- fc/
tNO A OOURMAND ? X ZA
In our largest cen- / I \ j J
ters of population, / \ 1 I
such as New York and / 1 J J
Chicago, we daily see \l/
more attention jjiren Vv
to the inner man.
Cafes aad lunch-rooms are filled vilh inei
and women who seem to gire all their time
aad attention to thoughts of properly oi'
improperly feediajj their stomaebs. "II i:
of course best to eat slowly, but not ten
much," eays Dr. Pierce, chief consulting
phjrsiciaa to the Inralids' Hotel and Sur
gical Institute, of Buffalo, N*. Y. In thi?
ioth century people devote so much trnc
\o bead work that their brain is fagged anc
there isn't sufficient blood left to properly
take care of the other organs of the 6odj\
The stomach must be assisted in its hard
work— the liver started into action— by the
use of a pood stomach tonic, which should
be entirely of rentable ingredients and
without alcohol. After years of experience
in an active practice, Dr. Pierce discovered
a remedy that suited these conditions in s
blood-maker and ti*iue-builder. He cailt-c 3
it Dr. Picrce's Golden Medical Discovery
—an alterative extract that assists in th«
digestion and assimilation of the food in
the etomacb— so that the blood gets what
it needs for food and oxidation, the liver it
at the same time started into activity anc
there is perfect elimination of waste mat
ter. When the blood is pure and rich, all
the" crgant wort without effort, and the
body is like a perfect machine.
Free! Dr. Pierce's Common Scnix
Medical Adviser is sent /rze on receipt o '
stamps to pay expense o." mailing only.
Scaa2i one-cent stamps for the book ir
naoer covers, or 31 stamps for the cloth -
Soond volume. Addrest Dr. R. V. Pierce,
BaStflfl, N. Y. t
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
! ffli^^Ox|8Ay FRANCISCO.
j Vv» i^fyo/ *¦<>* Jujti 1». MOt.
j \^fPff>/ FkbtDwot
j (Toot of Market Street >
j i.'*t. - MAIN LINE> -A.MT.
j 700a Va«ar1lUf. Winter*. Kamier..-. 760p
7.00a Benlcla, Ritnlrs and 8»crameoto.. 7.20P
7 -30a Vallejo. Nitya, Callstoga, Santa
Koia. Martinez. San Rurnon 8.20p
7.30a Vll««,Tracy. Lathrop. 9tock:on 7.20P
8.00a Shatt* Expreoi— (Via Darts).
Wllllami (for IlarUett Spring*).
Wlllowa. tFruto. l:ed Bluff,
PorClautl. Tacoina. Seattle 7.50P
I 8.00a DuTlf. Woo llmi't. KnlKbt* Landlog.
I Marjrivllle. Ch!co. OrotlUe 7.50P
8 30a Port Cofta. Mnrtlan. Antlocti.
' Byron, Tracy. Stockton. >few-
man. Loa Unn->s. Mentlota,
Armona. llanfurd. Vlaalla.
rortervllle 4.20P
8 3CA Port Coita. Modeato. Merced.
Freano. Unsbpn Junct'on, Uan-
ford. Vlaalla. P.akeraaeld 4.60P
C30a Kllet, San Joae. Llrermore. Stock-
ton, ( 'Milton), lone. Sftcrameate, * '
' MarTSTllle. Chlco. Kei! BlulT .... 4-20P
8 30a Oakrinle. Cblneae, Jameatown. So-
nora. Tnolumne and Angela 4 20p
9 00a At!ant!e Express— OKdensnd Eaat. 5Z0P
9. 30a Richmond. Martinez and Way
SlMlona ,. 8 60p
lOOCATho Orerland Limited — Of den.
Oearer. Omaha, Cblcaso. 6 20p
10.00a Vallejn 12.20P
lO.OQALoa Anitelea Pa«sencer— Port
Coata. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
l.aymonil. Freano. Gosnen Jacc-
tlon. Hanford. Leraoore, Vlaalla.
DakersfleM. Loa Angeles 7.20p
12.00m Bayward. Nllea and Way Statloai. 3.20o
11.00P8«.cramento River Steamers.. .. til. OOP
S-30P Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Willows. Knlirhta
Landing, MaryiTltle, OroTllle
and way (tatluns 10 50*
3-30P |ity ward. Vtles and Way Station*.. 7-SOp
3-30P port Coata, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Latbrop, Modesto.
Merced, Rerenaa. Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12 20p
3 30p Tosemlte Valley, via Berenda and
Wawona 8.50a
3J0p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1020a
4 COP Martinet. Sun Uainon.ValleJo.Napa,
. — CaHttoca. 8«nta Rota 8-20A
« OOP Nile*. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20p
430P Hay ward. Niles. lrtlngton, San) tS-SOA
, «- Jose. LtTermore | 111. 60a
6 OOP Toe Owl Limited— Newmoo. Loa
fisnos. Memiuia. Fresno. Tilare, -
Ilakerafleld. Los Angeles i-BO*
o-OOp PortCoata. Traey. Stockton 12-20P
'6 30P Hnyward. Miea and Ean Jose 7.20a
B.OtJp Hayward. Nlieaand San Jose 9.59a
6.00P Kaatern Exprraa— Oirilen. DenTer.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
Eai:. Tla Martinez, Stockton.
Sacramento, Co'faz. Reno 12-BOp
! B.OOp Vallejo. dally, except 8«nday.... I , .„
I 700P Vatlejo, Sunday onlr f m /OOP
7 0CP l.lcbmond. c*n Pahlo. Port Coata,
1 Martinez and Kay- Stations 11.20a
1 /TOP Reno Passenger— Port Coat*, Sul-
siid. Kimlrn. DaTl!>. Snrramcnto.
Truckee, Lake Taboe. Keao,
¦ Tono|>ab. Sparks 7.50a
I 805p Orccon A Cnllfornla Kipr»«s— 8ae-
ramento, Mary«?!Ue. ReddtBf,
Portluxl. rugr: Sound and Bast. 160a
, 8.10P Uay^-arfl, Nllea and San Jme(Sua- '
j dayonl>) ; 1150a
COAST LINE (Harrow Maagf).
j (K<w»t of Market Street.)
I 7.45a Sant.iC'ruz KxcuMnniSunday only) 8-10p
; 8.16a Nen-nrk. Centerrine. 8an Josa.
1 FeIU>n. HoulderCreek. BtgBnsIn,
I - Santa Cruz and Way Station*... 655p
1 tS-IBA Alrnradii. Newark. San Jo«e. Loa
Gatns.Glrnwootl, Feltoa, Boulder
Crrek, Wit Baaln. Santa Cruz... 8 1Cp
12.1BP Newark. Centervllle. San Jose.
New Almaden. Lot liajnt,Felton.
Koulder Cro«>k. Santa Cruz and 1
Principal Way Stations 10-5Sa
4 1?-p Newark, San Jose. Loa t;atoa 18-65A
4-15P Wright, Bnu'.di-r Crrrlc and Santa
I Cmz. gatnnlay and Sunday only. *8 ooa
1 COAST LINE (Hroad .-ausel.
¦ t0~ 1 1 Itlri mil Tmrnaend Streets.)
I 8-irAfan.Jot.canirw'ay Station! 6 30p
j 17 00a Kan Jose ami Wity Station* 5.40P
1 7.16a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
• -»lon (Sun/lay only). 10-30P
B.M)A Kew Almaden (Toes.. Frld.. •nly). 4-10P
8 COa Th*> Coaster— San Jo»t\ Salinas. -
Saa Ardo. Paso Koblea. Santa
¦ ¦ Marftartta. San Luis (ihispo.Snnta
[ Barbara. San Bn^naTentnra,
t Montalro, Oxnard, Bnrbank. Lot
1 Angeles. 10.48*>
800a Oliroy. Holllmer. « :«srrr«»i:>. Del
• M'»nte, Pacific Grove, Surf, t.nra-
poe 104Sa>
9.00A 8a n- Joie. Tres ' Plnot, Capltola,
SantaCrnz.PaciflcGror'e.Sallnaa,
San I. itls Oblsro and Principal
Way Stations 4-IQp
10.30a Eta Jose and Way Stations 1.23P
II^OABanta Clara, Stu Joae. Loa Gatot
and Way8tatlont 7.30p
130p San Joae and Woy Stattoas 8 35a
tS 00p Del Monte Kxprena— Santa Clara,
hta Jose. Del Monte-. Monterey,
PaelfleGroTe 12.16>
3^OpBiirilncame. San Jose. Gllroy, Hol-
ll*ter, Tres Pino*. Pajaro. Capl-
. tola, Santa Cruz. CattroTllIe,
Sallna*. Pacific Grore.... 1945a
4-30p fan Joae and Way Stations t3 00a
16 OOP Santa Clara. San Jo*», Lo* Gatoa,
\ Wrlgbt and principal Way Sta-
tions (exempt Sunday) tS.OOa
!6 30p (anJoteandPrtnclpalWayStaUona }3 40a
6 48p Buoset Express.— Uedwood. Saa
Joae.Ollrur.Sallnas.Paao Koklet,
% ' fan I.l'.s oblspo, Stita Barbara,
Loa Angelea. Deinlnc. Kl P»#o,
Kew Or!ean«. New Tork 7.10a
6 45p Fajaro. Capltola. Sanu Cruz. Caa-
UOTllie.Del Monte.PaclflettroTe. 10 45p
t6<16P fcauMateo.Beresford,Be!moni.Saa
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oakt,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t8.46A
5 30p Bta Joae and Way Etatlona 8.38a
8-OQp Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11.20P 8outhSanFranclseo,Mtllbrae.Bm>
Itnttarae. San Mateo, Belmont,
. Ean Carloa. Redwood. Fair Oakt,
Mealo Park, and ralo Alto 9.45 p
'11-30p May field. Mountain View, Sonny-
Tale, Lawrence, State Clara atd
San Jo«»... ».4B#
A for Morning. . P for Afteraooa.
. 18onda» excepted. - t Bandar only.
• Saturday only. » Uondij only.
IBtOM at ail statlaos »n Bnadaj. "*
Mt. Tamalpajs Railway
Leare ] .. Tia tautUU ftrrj . Arrive
8«n Fraucigco r»tt «f Markrt a. San Francinco
Week Sun- - "Sa Sau- Week
iSfciSf-;
10:00a kjfetSSBBf 2:05r*1t:05A
10:00a 11:00a WtQS^Sf 3:35 r 3:35 r
1:45 r 12:20 r 6:40 p 6:1Bi
6:16r 1;45r TtiS&W 6:15 p 10:06 i
4:36r 8:60 r :
• ?l» CrtTtty Car. » TatnlpaJi U lin TtJltT.
Ticxkt 1628 Market St. (North Rhore Railroad)
Omcgg land 3ao»alito Fkkky. Foot Market 81 ,
n , ¦ -»
IDEAS and ENERGY at your
service.
Bright young women and'
men are seeking, positions In to-
day's Call— «ee classified ads.
ADVEBTISETffENTS.
'i-t^fy.X
BORAXOLOOY
Open your heart to the
good things of life — good
words, good books, good
thoughts. This brings us
to Boraxology — thoughts
of Borax.
BORAX means greate:
cleanliness, cleanliness
means health, health in-
creases our capacity for the
good things of this world.
Borax should be used in
every cleaning process of
the home from the kitchen
to the . bathroom. Put a
little Borax in the water,
and lo! you give it a power
to cleanse that is almost
magic; Be sure you get
pure Borax. Ask for '
20-MULE-TEAM
BRAND. For sale at drug
\and grocery stores, \ f
and 1-lb. packages.
The funon* "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES
FREE to purchasers of '-20-Mule-Tejun 1 ' Borax
At stores or sent (or BOX TOP and 4c. in r'amps.
Pacific Coast Borax Co.. New York, Chicago. Sta
Francisco.
to-Mulo-Team~Our Trad* Mark-
I Gold
! Was discovered in Cali-
fornia in 1849.
f^ES^ Golden
$22*™ Coffee \
liB?^**°fWKH Is as good as
%A»'»JAJ!{? gold.
J. A. Folgcr & Co.
Established Hal! a Century.
(Camera)
Opportunity c
I Don't fail to Buy a - -
POCOorKORONA CAMERA
' Buy immediately
TelephotoPoco 8,4x5,
r toted 433.** oa, price.* 1222
POCKET POCO.3%x4b. "-¦'-•¦¦
H«j»«/j^lfc3"!»A/^2rf)i/.«wi4r2
T,l»pholo fvtotU-4 Koran* N. J,)),,, C.-r,-, C«»»
tSUJVS'ET JBA.7LAAK,
¦MlMMMMiLliB -SAN FRANClSco
AJSVERTISEKEXnB.
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Chas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 3O years. Allow no on«
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
'* Jtist-as-good " are. but Experiments, and endanger tho
health of Children—Experience against Experiment,
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothinar Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its acre is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teethinjr Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates tho
Stomach and Bowels, giving: healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend,
The KM You Have Always- Bought
• jj Bears the Signature of
In Use For Over 30 Years.
™* CCNTAUW COMPANY. TT MURRAY »TRCCT, NCW TO"R CITY.Harry Antrobus, employed in a pho
tographer's gallery at 1104 Market
street, while trying to open a door
leading into a darkroom yesterday,
casually picked up a piece of copper
tubing and with It tried to pry open
the door.^ To his astonishment an ex
plosion occurred, which shattered two
fingers on his right hand. The harm
less looking instrument was what is
known to artillery men as a "friction
tube," used for exploding: charges in
muzzle-loadlnjc cannon. How it got on
the roof of the Market-street build
ing Antrobus could' not explain. His
wounds were dressed' at the Central
Emergency Hospital.
Used a Friction Tube as o' Pry.
The committee will arrive in San
Francisco about July 15, and after in
i?recting harbors and determining the
actual improvements needed, a report
will be presented to the Senate.
OAKLAND, June 20.— The. Senatorial
Committee on Commerce and Shipping,
which will visit California in July, has
been invited by the Oakland Board of
Trade to visit this city and inspect
Oakland Harbor. The following tele
gram was Bent to Governor Pardee to
be presented by him to the members
of the Senatorial Committee:
OAKT.ANI). Cat., June 20. 1904. — Oovernor
•iTwre C Pardee. Auditorium. Cblcaro 111 •
In behair of Oakland Hoard ot Trade, kindly
invlt* Senatorial Committee on Commerce
<G&lllr.jrer or Lodge, rhalrman) wben in Ca.ll
'.' rr.'.a in July, to become ruesta for one day
< f citiieni of Oakland, including trip in Oak-
Und Harbor.
H. C. CAPWEUL, President.
EDW1X STEARNS, Secretary.
Board of Trade Asks Committee on
Commerce and Shipping to In
«*vct Oakland Harbor.
Mrs. Antonia ¦ Hyer, the wife of
Henry Hyer, died to-day, leaving a
family of seven children.
OAKLAND, June 20. — Mrs. Mary A.
Lowden, age 81 years, died last night
at her home, 971 Center Btreet. She
was the wife of Samuel Lowden. She
leaves four children.
Alameda County Deaths.
OAKLAND, June 20. — Articles of
incorporation of the Russell & Kimball
Company of Haywards were filed with
the County Clerk to-day. It is formed
for the purpose of packing fruit and
has a capital stock of $25,000, all of
which has been subscribed. The di
rectors are TKomas B. Russell, How
ard B. Kimball, James S. Cooper,
Leila S. Russell and Ruth Kimball.
Incorporate Fruit Company.
In a free lecture last night before
a large audience at the American
Academy of Sciences, 819 Market
street, Harley R. Wiley, special lec
turer on jurisprudence at the Univer
sity of California, discussed the many
notable American qualities. He chose
for his address, which lasted nearly
two hours, the title, "The "American
Character." After comparing this at
some ¦ length with the characters of
other nations, he spoke of the impres
sion Charles Dickens received when he
visited this country — impressions, for
the most part, humorous and satirical:
and then of Kipling, who perceived not
only the humorous and comical side,
but also the destiny of a great peo
ple.
Mr. Wiley deplored the American
habit of scattering intellectual forces
over a vast field. He attributed this
somewhat to descent -from a pioneer
people who *had been compelled to
work at almost everything. In clos
ing he remarked on the American ten
dency to go to the extreme In all
things, as well as to develop an inten
sity that has its culmination in pat
riotism.
Harley R. Wiley Addresses Large Au
dience at Academy of Sciences on
Noteworthy National Traits.
'THE AMERICAN CHARACTER"
DISCUSSED BY LECTURER
OAKLAND. June 20.— State Field
Secretary Hadlock of the Young Men's
Christian Endeavor delivered a brief
address this evening at the executive
meeting of the Alameda County Chris
tian Endeavor Union held at the First
Presbyterian Church. The meeting
was an open one and well attended.
The Christian Endeavor societies of
Alameda County are making prepara
tions to decorate the excursion train
on which £heir delegates will Journey
to the State convention at Santa Rosa
on June 29. Nearly 250 delegates from
this county will attend.
Will Send Decorated Train.
BERKELEY, June 20. — Berkeley
Lodge of Free Masons wag/ formed
undeX dispensation at a meeting Sat
urday evening in Odd Fellows' Hall.
A large number of members of Durant
Lodge, the elder organization of the
town, assisted in the ceremony. The
following officers were veiected:
Worshipful master, ' A. S. Parsons;
senior warden, Major J. T. Morrison;
Junior warden, J. L. Robison; marshal,
H. L. Hayden: senior deacon, Louis
L. Nelson; junior deacon, Lester C.
McNulty; tyler. W. R. Stamper;
stewards, G. R. Slater and H. A. Dud
ley; secretary, William E. Loy; treas
urer, II. V. J. Swain.
Masons Form a New' Lodge.
. OAKLAND. June 20.— The case of
the Rev. Patrick Heslin waa dismissed
on a demurrer to-day by Police Judge
George Samuels. The decision waa
that the complaint was insufficient.
Agne* Pererra, 11 years old, was the
complaining witness.
Hchlfn Case Dismissed.
No inquest has been held to inquire
into the matter of the death of J.
Federlein, the young man who was
found dead in his room at 867 Bush
street on June 11 with a book at his
side and a gas jet 'wide open. At the
time his body was found by his sister
it was thought he had fallen asleep
while reading and that while he was
asleep the gas went out and was then
turned on again, causing his Ueath.
Gas Inspector Tupper reported to
the Coroner's office this morning that
he had ,made an inspection of the
premises at 867 "Bush street and had
found the plumbing very defective.
The facts in the case will be brought
out at the inquest to be called some
time this week.
INSPECTOR* FINDS PLUMBING
IN DEFECTIVE CONDITION
Death of J. Federlein by Gas Caused
Report to Be Made to
Coroner. /*£'',?: ;
OAKLAND. June 20. — John Cronin,
night yard foreman at the Southern
Pacific Company's yards in West Oak
land, died this morning at the rail
road hospital in San Francisco from
injuries he sustained last night when
a switch engine ran over and crushed
both of his legs. Cronin had been in
the Southern Pacific Company's em
ploy for thirty-five years. He leaves a
wife and seven children. The family
residence was at 913 Chester street.
Yard Foreman Cronin Dies.
OAKLAND, June 20. — Suits for di
vorce were begun to-day by Ross H.
Van Horn ' against Marlon V. Van
Horn, Winthron D. Green against
Lucy C. Green for desertion and Isa
belle Nunes against Jose A. Nunes for
cruelty. • \
Unhappy Couples.
OAKLAND, June 20. — William B.
King, organist' of the First Congrega
tional Church, has resigned. Mr, King,
who is accounted one of the leading
organists on the Pacific Coast, has ar
ranged to take a vacation trip East,
spending several months in New York.
Mr. King's resignation is effective
at once. The church board of trustees
has called on Miss Downs, the assist
ant organist, to take the vacant place
for the time being.
Distinguished Musician of the First
Congregational Church Resigns
and Will Go to New York.
ORGANIST W. B. KING'S
POSITION IS VACANT
OAKLAND, June 20. — A verdict of
death from natural causes was ren
dered to-day by a Coroner's jury in
the case of Mrs. Clarisse Banning, who
died suddenly while under the care
of Mrs. E. A. Fairchild, a Christian
science healer. Testimony was given
to show that Dr. I. E. Nicholson was
called when Mrs. Banning's condition
became alarming, but the patient
passed away before the physician ar
rived. After signing the " verdict
Charles O'Neill, one of the jurors, said
he thought the scientist healer should
have been censured, but the verdict
wan allowed to stand, each of the six
jurors having: signed it without cover
ing anything but a bare recital that
death was due to rupture of the stom
ach. Mrs. Banning was a prominent
resident of the Hawaiian Islands.
Verdict Does Not Censure.
OAKLAND, June 20. — Noti-e of ap
peal has been filed in the contest over
the will of the late Elbridge Dole of
Hay wards. He left an' estate valued
at over $25,000 to Mary A. Dole and
Walter W. D.ole, his deceased brother's
wife and his son. The will cut- off a
number of nephews and nieces in the
East, who therefore contested it-
Judge W. E. Greene upheld the testa
ment and the discontented relatives
are now going to appeal from his de
cision.
Appeal hi Dole Case.
ALAMEDA. June 20. — Beginning
to-morrow the police will strictly en
force the ordinance regulating the
keeping of cows within the city limits.
The law stipulates that no person shall
keep more < than two cows upon an
undivided a'rea of less than one acre.
Many, complaints have been filed w{th
t^e City Trustees that the ordinance
is being violated.
Crusade Against Cows.
ROOM RENT IS HIGH.— J. E. A. Sattca
yesterday brought suit ajratnst Joseph M.
Hocker to recover J10SO alleged to be due for
rent of rooms U. 4 and 3 In the Oraystone Ho
tel, lie also demands $035 alleged to hav*
been received by Hooker, for what the com
plaint does not explain.
SENATORS INVITED TO
PAY VISIT TO OAKLAND
IS ARRESTED FOR CRUEIVTT. — C. fT.
Blanchard. foreman for Contractor John U.
Blanchard. was arrpsted In the distrli-t south
ot th>» park yesterday for using crippled homes
hi his grading work. Out of tha thirty-two
horses* at work twenty-two were found to be la
bad condition and were removed to the stable.
OAKLAND, June 20. — A decree of
distribution of the estate of the late
Mrs. M. Paget, widow of Professor
Felician Paget, was made to-day by
Judge W. E. Greene. The estate is
valued at about $10,000 and is to go
into the care of Joseph Worcester of
San Francisco, who will spend the in
come for the support of Professor Pa
get's three sisters in France. At their
death it will be used to pay debts as
sumed by Professor Paget and to en
dow a French scholarship at the Uni
versity of California.
Distributes Paget Estate.
The striking stablemen heard of the
injunction restraining them from ha
rassing the Nevada Stables at about 6
o'clock yesterday evening. Their
nightly parade was omitted and their
pickets were called in from their posts
before the stables. The enforced with
drawal of the boycott was accepted
quietly on the surface, but Individual
remarks from the strikers showed that
Judge Hunt's decision was very un
popular. There Is nothing to prevent
the seventy other stable owners who
advocate "open shop" from obtaining
the same relief from the boycott.
The' Stablemen's Union held a meet-
Ing last night in the Foresters' build-
Ing, at which they decided to stand
firm, providing they receive financial
aid from other unions.
Upon reading and filing the complaint of
plaintiff herein, duly verified, and It appear
ing therefrom that it is a proper case there
for, upon the motion of the plaintiff it is
hereby ordered that on Friday, the let day
of July A. D. 19(M. at the hour of 10 o'clock
a. m. of that day. or as noon thereafter as
said matter can be heard, the defendants here
in show cause, at the courtroom of said court,
why injunction should not be iftsued against
them In accordance with the prayer of the
complaint herein. And. in the meantime, and
until the hearing and disposition of said mo
tion for said injunction, it is ordered that
said defendants herein, and pach of them, be,
and they are hereby, restrained and en olned
from In anywise Interfering with, or harass
ing, or annoying the plaintiff In the conduct
of hi? business at his stable, known as the
Nevada stable, situated at "Xo. 1350 Market
utreet. In said city and county; or from or
derinic any employes of said plaintiff to quit
his employment; or from in anywise molesting
or interfering with eald employes or threaten
ing, intimidating or harassing, any customer
or cuHtomera. or patron or patrons of tha
plaintiff; or from placing or stationing in front
of said plaintiff's place of business any repre
sentatives or pickets for the purpose of In
ducing the customers of plaintiff to quit deal
ing with him. or from in any way using or
OM'lyliiK opprobrious names or epithets to said
customer or customers; or from causing said
representatives or pickets to gather In largo
number in front of plaintiff's aforesaid place
of business; or otherwise molesting. Intimi
dating or coercing or attempting to molest, in
timidate or coerce any customer, patron or
employes of the plaintiff while working for
or dealing with or employed by him In said
business.
The attorney for the alliance says
that the order of Judge Hunt Is the
strongest restraint against the actions
of unions that has yet come from the
local courts. It is given herewith:
The pickets who have been parading
with banners in front of the Nevada
Stables since the strike of the union
stablemen have been ordered by Su
perior Judge Hunt to cease their dem
onstration. The Stablemen's Union and
Its representatives are enjoined specifi
cally from committing any of the acts
complained of by E. G. Pierce, pro
prietor of the stable, until the court
can hear his application for a perman
ent injunction on July 1.
Bush Finnell, attorney for the Citi
zens' Alliance, who is prosecuting the
case for Pierce, appeared before Judge
Hunt to secure the temporary restrain
ing order. The defendants named are
as follows. Stablemen's Union, Locar
No. S760. T. F. Finn, E. Maza, T. J.
White and John Killian.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, June 20. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day:
John Oliver, over 21, and Felicia
Lopes, IS, both of Centerville; Charles
A. Olson. 25, and Agnes C. Kleine, 29,
both of Betteravia; J. Ambrose Gillet,
43, Oakland, and Eleanor P. Sefton,
21, Fruitvale; August Drahms, 66,
San Quentin, and Jessie I. Danford,
47, Aurora, 111.; James W. Le
Crone, 28, and Emily Regnier,
17, both of Oakland; William
H. Clay, 40, and Mary A. Far
rel, 30, both of Oakland; Frank A.
McCuen, 32, and Lulita K. Wasley. 19.
both of Oakland; John Kilroy, over
21, and Kittie Foran, 20, both of San
Francisco; Frank K. Serpa, 43, and
Johanna Nelson, 36, both of Oakland;
Axel F. Enquist, over 21, San Francis
co, and Mary L. Bisbee, over 18,
Berkeley; Ernest Goldstein, over 21,
and Beulah Payne, over 18, both of
San Francisco; Elmo H. Fenton, over
21, and Velma G. Smith, over 18, both
of Oakland.
OAKLAND, June 20. — Fred O'Hare,
23 years of age, was arrested at 3
o'clock this morning while in the act
of looting O'Dea & Boyle's grocery,
Seventeenth and Peralta streets. Po
liceman John Murphy saw O'Hare in
the store and sent word to police
headquarters. Captain of Police Wil
son and Patrolman Lee Andrews re
sponded. With Murphy they sur
rounded the store and the intruder
was captured.
The prisoner had packed up bot
tles of whisky, a demijohn of whisky,
cigars and a ham. He was busy with
other merchandise when the police
men interfered. O'Hare was a clerk
in the store when William Walsh, the
present proprietors' predecessor, own
ed it. Burglary was registered against
O'Hare at the City Prison.
Fred O'Hare, Former Clerk, Cnught
While Stealing Merchandlsse in
O'Dea & Boyle's Store.
Superior Judge Hunt Issues
a Temporary Injunction
Against Stablemen's Union
CAPTURE RURGLAIt AT
WORK IX GROCERY
COURT ORDERS
PICKETS AWAY
-ALA"MJTDA,-r?June>20. — ; Dr. H. M.
Pond,' City Trustee, declared at the
meeting of the municipal •legislators
fto-night that the water now being sup
plied here by the Contra Costa Com
pany was unfit for human consumption
without first being filtered and boiled.
"An analysis made under the direc
tion of the Board of Health has dis
closed that the water we are now re
ceiving from the Contra Costa Com
pany teems with bacteria and foreign
matter," asserted Dr. Pond." "I move
that this board request the Contra
Costa Company to supply Alameda
again with water from the Fitchburg
wells, as that was the best ever fur
nished in this city."
Dr.- Pond's motion carried.
"Let this be a warning to you to
stop the use of liquor," said his
Honor. "I will suspend judgment
thi* time, but another such experience
and I'll take steps to have your child
taken away from you for good."
In the Police Court before Judge
Mortimer Smith this morning Mrs.
Scott, contrite and tearful, begged for
freedom and the restoration of her
child.
After the mother's arrest Police
Captain Wilson went to the Ramona
House. Thirteenth and Harrison
streets, to notify the husband of his
wife's plight. Scott was found in a
nupor from drink.
OAKLAND, June 20. — With a weep
ing baby two and one-half years old
clinging to her skirts the wife of J. J.
Scott, a carpenter, was found at 1
o'clock this morning wandering about
the streets in an almost helpless .state
61 intoxication. Policeman Thomas
Pardee pent the woman and her child
to the City Prison. The mother was
detained in the women's ward. Mrs."
C. F. Baxter, the prison matron, took
charge of the neglected baby.
Her Husband. Also a Victim of Drink.
Unable to Go to Their
Relief.
nitl'XKEX MOTHER DRAGS
KVFAVT OVER STREETS
])r. Pond of Alameda De
clares Contra Costa Com
pany's Supply Unfit for Use
The amount subscribed by Mr. Mil
ler, together with the pledges received
at the First Congregational Church
yesterday, leaves a balance of $5486
to be raised to complete the fund for
the new building. The members of
the various committees are now mak
ing a vigorous canvass in order to
complete the fund as soon as possible.
OAKLAND. June 20. — The Young
Men's Christian Association of this
city has just received a Kubscription of
$1000 from Henry Miller of the firm
of Miller & Lux of San Francisco, to
be applied to the fund for the new
Y. M. C. A. building. The subscrip
tion was secured through the citizens'
committee, two members of which re
quested Mr. Miller to investigate the
project and If he found it a worthy
one to subscribe the amount named.
Receives Gift From San Fran
cteco Cuttle Man.
Young Mpu's Christian Association
11EXRV MILLER SURSCKIRES
S1D00 FOR NT3W BUILDING
WATER TEEMS
WITH BACTERIA
Dr. and Mm. Morey, Mr. and Mrs. Lackie,
Miss Margaret Olcese. Miss Bessie Scupham
and Mrs. Herbert Gamklll formed a merry
party that went slghfeelng at the Idora Park
Fair Saturday night.
Mrs. Felton Taylor and her children left last
week for Lake County, where they will remain
for some time at the country home of Mrs.
Taylor's mother. Later In the summer Mr.
tnd Hrt. Taylor expect to visit the Tosemlte.
Judge and Mrs. Henry A. Melvin left Sat
urday evening for Chicago and other Eastern
cities. They will also visit the World's Fair
at St. Louis. -
A party of nine^- Including the Gilbert Cur
tlsses and the M. J. Laymances, are "doing"
the Vosemlte and will remain in the valley
for two or three weeks more.
To-morrow night Miss Edith Larkey will
become Mrs. Arnold Needham. The wedding
Is to be an unostentatious home affair, but all
the preparations indicate that it will be one
of the prettiest of the season.
Then on Wednesday evening Asa Menden
hall will forsake bachelorhood for the sake of
bonny Florence Hatch. Theirs will also be a
home wedding.
Thursday has been chosen by Miss Dorothy
Goodcell and Charles Cannon, whose wedding
Is of interest to Oaklanders, though it is >a
San Francisco event. The bride formerly re
sided here and is frequently seen at social
functions on this «lde of the bay.
After a honeymoon of two week* In South
ern California Mr. and Mrs. McCuen will re
side In Oakland, where he has 'fitted up an
artistic little cottage immediately adjoining
the home' of the bride's mother.
• • w
The groom has grown up In Oakland, wher»
for fifteen year* he has been employed by
Wells. Fargo & Co. He Is now depot agent
for that company at Sixteenth street. He Is
a son of Mr. and Mrs. Nelson McCuen. pioneer
residents of Oakland, who have recently made
therr home across the bay. Mr. McCuen Is an
enthusiastic pigeon fancier and an active mem
ber of the Pacific Homing Club.
Mrs. McCuen Is well known in musical
circles, being the fortunate ponsessor of rather
an voice. She is the contralto of
the Unitarian church choir. Mrs. McCuen i»
a member of the Hughes Club, of which her
mother, a!.s-> a singer, has been secretary for
several years.
Miss Vera Wasley. the bride's sister, and
Miss Gladys Hale of Sacramento were maid
of honor and bridesmaid respectively, Miss
Wasley In white and Miss Hale In pink. Each
carried a great bunch of fragrant pink pweet
peas. W. B. Standeford attended the. groom.
A graceful arrangement of pepper' boughs
formed an effective background for the bridal
party and La France roses gave a pleasing
touch of color to the. scene. .
The bride is petite and fair and made a
charming picture in her picturesque lS.'K) gown
of white crepe de chine and lace. A slngla
whjte rose nestled In her hair, no veil being
worn, and she carried a shower of Bride rosf*
OAKLAND. June 20.— The first of the quar
tet of weddings that are the chief topic of
pocial Interest this week took place this even
ing at the residence of Mrs. F. A. Wasley.
Her daughter. Miss Lulita Wasley. became the
bride of Frank A> JlcCuen. Rev. William
Jones, temporary pastor of ". the Unitarian
church, officiated. The simple ceremony was
witnessed by the relatives and a half dozen
Intimate frifnds.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
WEDDING NOTES
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY, June 20. — The 117 students of
the civil engineering department of the Uni
versity of California who composed the sum
mer school at Santa Cruz and Monterey re
turned to Berkeley yesterday, after being away
for three weeks. Their camp was pitched on
the ocean shore, near Santa Cruz, and from
that point all their work of purveying and
mapping out the country waa carrteU on. In
struction was carried on under the direction
of Professor E. N. I»routy and Instructors J. J.
Ji-i.su p, C. A. Lorlng, H. R. Ebright and R. B.
Boyd.
Professor F. T. Blolettl of Cape Colony,
South Africa, has been called to the university
as an assistant in viticulture. In consultation
with Professor E. H. Twlght he will carry on
Investigations In the vineyards of the State.
The viticultural office of the agricultural de
partment will be materially strengthened by
the services of Professor Bloletti. Professor
Twlght has b«en the sole Investigator for
more than a year, and the work became so In
volved that he was not able to give all the In
vestigations as much attention as he would
like. This became known to the nowly or
ganized California Viticultural Association,
and through its influence the attention of
President Wheeler and the Board of Regents
was called to the matter. The result of the
agitation was the appointment of tho new
assistant.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 20.
With the possibility that failure to
act might involve a prosecution for
malfeasance in office, the Board of
Education to-night directed that no
pupil shall be admitted to the public
schools with the new term opening un
less the scholar shall show satisfactory
evidence of successful vaccinatk/n.
This action was taken upon " a state
men made by Dr. W. K. Foster, secre
tary of the State Board of Health,
who appeared before the school direc
tors this evening, supplementing a let
ter he recently wrote on the subject of
vaccination with an oral explanation.
Secretary Foster said the law was
on the statute books requiring the vac
cination of public school children, that
it had been upheld by the Supreme
Court and that the State Board of
Health wxmld be compelled to enforce
it. Dr. Foster explained that it was
impossible for him not to recognize the
existence of the law.
"What could happen if the Board of
Education should not enforce the law?"
queried Director A. H. Pratt.
"Well, the board might be proceeded
against for malfeasance in office," re
plk'di Dr. Foster.
In this view of the situation the di
rectors decided to re-enact the rule
that was adopted six months ago but
had been rescinded because of much
protest from parents who objected to
the vaccination of their children.
Director Hardy reported that the
Board of Supervisors would receive
bids for the $960,000 school bond issue
up to July 5 at 10 o'clock a. m., and
would open them at 11 a. m. The
bonds will be sold for delivery Sep
tember 1.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
W Broadway, June 20.
With the issuance to-day of a license
to marry, a. pretty,, rorrtance is uncov
ered in the 'life of the Rev. August
Drahms, chaplain at the State Peni
tentiary at San Quentin, who will wed
his schoolday companion and friend for
many years, Miss Jessie P. Danford of
Aurora, 111.
In their childhood days Dr. Drahms
and Miss Danford were boy and girl
together at Geneva, a town near the
present home of the bride prospective.
They went to school together and en-
Joyed a friendship that ripened as the
years rolled by, growing stronger and
stronger. Now in the older days, that
friendship became the stepping stone
to closer relation. A year ago Dr.
Drahms won the hand of Miss Danford.
She leaves the East this week for Cali
fornia and will meet her intended hus
band at Sacramento. The pair will be
married at the residence of Mrs. George
W. Watson, Eighth avenue and East
Eighteenth street, this city, on June 30.
Mrs. Watson was a school teacher of
the clergyman and his brfQe. Chaplain
Drahms is 55 years old and Miss Dan
ford is eight years younger.
The recnt meeting of the board of directors
and stockholders ol the corporation which con
trols the Pacific Steel and Wire Company was
a very Important one. I'lans were there dip
cus>s>d that mean an enlargement of the four
plant* ownxl by the oompony. three in the
KastTn Stnt«-!« and on? here. The«e plann have
m t a* yet b en ilivuiRed to the general pub
lic ami will not be until they have taken more
»l<-nnite sbafe. Another meeting of th* dl
r<rtor5 1* tu be h Id In the East in Septem
t>er and It Is rxiwctrd that at that session
it wi'l hv. decided Just what improvements
and addition* er« to be made' to the plants.
Our work" In Oakland are to come In for a
inrjr* share of the expenditure to be made, in
expanding: the manufactori'a of the corpora
tion. Mr. HuntinKton'n aggressive policy in
business is known to nil and his election as
the head r.f the director* of the corporation is
¦ cuarantee that it will move ahead In a
husinem way. At present the Oakland plant
nippilea all of the I'aclflc Coast territory as
fhr <-a«t ps Colorado. In the extreme East
ih» New Haven riant cover? the field, along
wi^fc the work* at Haycnne, X. J. In the
O-r.tral Stsfs the territory Is fiupplled by our
plant at Do Kalb. III.
Extensive improvements and addi
tions are to be ,mad,e to the plant of
the Pacific Steel and Wire Company,
located near Twenty-third avenue, and
which is controlled by a corporation
that is fast becoming a formidable
competitor of the United States Steel
Trust. H. E. Huntington has been elect
ed manager of the board of directors of
the company, which has plants at New
Haven, Conn.; Bayonne, N. J.; De
Kalb. III., and this city. D. O. Mills
is also heavily interested in the cor
poration and is a member of the board
of directors.
Frank L. Brown of Alameda, man
ager of the Pacific Steel and Wire
Company, has just returned from the
East, where he attended the meeting
ot directors of the major corporation
and at which Huntington was chosen
manager. In speaking of the plans of
the company. Mr. Brown said:
Oakland Oflice San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, June
ALAMEDA, June 20. — Through
brooding over the treatment accorded
her by her husband, Mrs. A. W. Tesche
of 1709 Eagle avenue became despond
ent and after^ addressing a farewell
note to the man whose name she bears,
swallowed carbolic acid to-day in an
attempt to end her life. Her rash act
was quickly discovered by neighbors,
who heard the woman's groans and
summoned Dr. A. A. Stafford to at
tend her. After much effort the phy
sician succeeded in overcoming the
effects of the deadly potion and saving
the patient from death.
According to persons living in the im
mediate vicinity of the Tesche home,
quarrels between the husband and wife
have been frequent and to more than
one neighbor the woman complained
that she was abused by the head of the
house. Tesche and his spouse have
both been married bgfore, the former
having two daughters, aged 10 and 7,
by his first wife, and Mrs. Tesche hav
ing a young son by her first husband.
Tesche's girls make their home with
him, but Mrs. Tesche asserted to
friends that Tesche would not allow
her son to make his home with them.
This, it is said, was the chief cause of
the differences of the pair and indi
rectly the motive of Mrs. Tesche's ef
fort to commit suicide. Tesche is in
the employ of the Southern Pacific
Company.
All this is to cost many thousands of
dollars — thousands that the students
are not prepared to spend now, for it
is the students that must foot the bills.
The football field alone will require
between $14,000 and $17,000. In addition
to the $4000 for excavating, it will cost
from $10,000 to $13,000 to build the
bleachers that are to surround the field.
The other things will come in time, as
the students find the means to pay for
them. A field with an ordinary wooden
fence and bleachers, everybody knows
will not be a very sightly adjunct to
Hearst Hall, and all the haste pos
sible will be made to carry out the
great plan.
The income from games will be de
voted to paying for the stadium. The,
first intercollegiate game between Calfc*
fornia and Stanford will be played thts
year on the new field. A large sum
will be saved 'the university for £he
rental of grounds, which in other years
have cost about $5000 for a single day.
Excavating for the football field will
be a simple matter after all, when the
immensity of the whole project is
taken into account. In -time the en
tire Hillegass Tract will ba transformed
into one broad athletic stadium, state
ly and classic in its surroundings.
There will be, besides the football field,
baseball grounds and an athletic oval,
so arranged that they may be turned
into one field. A grand sweep of level
ground will stretch from Hearst Hall
to Barrow street, the whole surrounded
by majestic columns.
BERKELEY, June 20.— The first
shovelful of earth for the athletic
stadium that is to form an important
part of the greater University of Cali
fornia was turned this morning on the
Hillegass Tract, which is included in
the area covered by the Hearst plans.
Here, where the trials of brain and
brawn of future generations of college
athletes will be desperately fought, the
earth is being twisted and molded into
shape. For a thing meaning so much
to California the first turning was sin
gularly barren of formality and hardly
passing notice was given it. There
was no ceremony, no speechifying —
only a word from the- foreman and
the digging began.
"With plows and scoops the crowd of
workmen set about the task of digging
a big hole in the earth opposite Hearst
Hall and between College avenue and
Barrow street. About 12.000 cubic yards
will be taken from an area a little
larger than a football field, for it is
proposed to build only the football field
now. The plans call for the removal
of the top soil, which will be stored
until a sufficient depth of the clay sub
stratum is removed and then replaced.
It will take more than a month to do
this and the cost will be about $4000.
Directors of Corporation
Hold Important Meeting
and Decide on Expansion
Miss Jessie Danford Is the
Name of Minister's Former
Playmate and Chosen Wife
Dr. X. V K. Foster of Health
Department Says the Law
Cannot Be .Overlooked
Would-Be Suicide's Groans
Attract Neighbors, Who
Quickly Summon Doctor
CUPID SHOWS ROMANCE
GEOUND/^ IS BROKEN
Baseball Diamond and Oval
for General Games Will
Follow as Funds Accrue
Llllie E. or Lilly E. and Thomas J. Pellow
to John and Margaret Laurter lot on SU l!n»
of Broadway. 50 NE of Clement or Atlantic
avenue. NE 50. SE 140. 16. SW 44.35. W to di
viding line between lots 1 and 2. block C. NW
140 to beginning lot 2. block C. map blocks X
to F. Haya £ Caperton Tract. Alameda; |10.
Syndicate Investment Company to Daniel 8.
Quimby. lot on SW line of Putnam street. 107
SE of Brandon. SE 38 by SW 123. portions Irts
5. 6. 11 and 1J. block TSX map Syndicate In
vestment Company's subdivision, etc.. Levy an. I
Lere tract?. Frilitvale. Brooklyn Township: $1O.
George H. and Jennie P. Strieker tn Adelal.i*
Perrin (widow > lot on S line of Perkeley way.
124.20 E of- Louisa street. K 35 by 8 110 lot
33, College Tract. Berkeley; $10
Emily K. Latham (widow) to Jessie Mau6)
Thomas <wi'e of Lawrence M.). W 23.2S of lot
10 and E 15 feet of lot 9. block A. Lathara
Terrace. Brooklyn Township, deed and agree
ment: $10.
Caroline Augustus (widow) tr> Elizabeth
Marks M»ndosa (daughter, wife of Tony). lot
ot NW line of Eighteenth avenue. 7t> NE of
East Fourteenth street. NE 70 by NW 5(>.
being rear 70 feet each of lots 11 and 12. block
ID. San Antonio. Ea.*t Oakland; gift.
Same to Caroline Rnjrers (daughter, wife of
Manuel), lot on N corner' of East Fourteenth
street and Eighteenth avenue. NW 5O by NB
70. being front 7O feet each of lots 10 tr> 12.
block 10, San Antonio. East Oakland: $10.
Alameda Couaty Land Company to Alexander
K. Crawford, lot beginning at point on th«
SE line of the Boulevard, distant 575 XE from
N'E line of Twelfth street, thence NE aloty;
said Kne of Boulevard (on curve radlng «5O:tf
feet) B0 feet. SE 14«.«5. R\V 4.').8.'i. NW 154.79.
t'i beginning, portion lots 'M and 34. map
property Alameda County Land Company. East
Oakland; $10.
Ann Ruth Wilder (guardian estate (if Alvin
D. Wilder Jr.) to Mary E. Wilder, all Interest
In following: Lot on S line of Alameda avenue.
1X3 E of Grand street. E 45 by S 15O lot 2.
block F. Oak Park. Alameda: also lot on W
line of Magnolia street. 4.". t?l S of Tenth 3 «O
by W 133:3. block 548. Oakland: $:»>.
Mary Carr (single) and Margaret McNamara
(widow) to Ltftaru" Crnter. lot on S !ine of
Tenth street. 10O E of Alice, E 50 by S lix>.
lots 10 and 11. block 123. Kellersberger's may.
Oakland; ?10.
S. B. McKee (single) to John Coop, lot on
N line of Thirty-etshth street. 240 W tit Tele
graph avenue. W 60. N* 144:11. E 60. S
144:ll>i. lot 0. and W 10 feet or lot ». Perria
Tract, portion plat 11 etc.. Oakland: S10.
C. M. and Oorgle Wlilard (wife) and M. E.
Daugerty to W. M. Kreiss. lot on E line pf
West street, 63 N nf Thirty-thinl. N' 35 by B
HKt. portion lot 2. block E, property of Central
Lund Company, formerly Brown Tract, Oak
land; $10
F. S. and Emily M. Page to Charlotte Rn.
wena I^ithrpp. lot on NW corner of Bancroft
way and Chapel street. W 6O by N tS5 portion
lot 4. block o. villa lots Joining university site
en Hnuth, Berkeley; $1CO.
Hattl- E. Crosse to Orson M. Sewarrf.
lot en E line of Wheeler avenue. IV> S of Put
nam street. S 45 by E ISO. lot 23 and portion
lot 22. block C. Fruitvale Terminal Tract, etc..
Brooklyn Tow/ishlp; $10.
Anna L. Tollock (widow) to Margaret Pratt
(wlf* of Charles H. 3.). lot on N line of For
est street. 1<U .22 E of Capp. E 5(> by N 17i>.:U>.
lot 3-1, Forest 1'ark Tract. Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Alamxla County Land Company to O. Van
dent*er«-boom. lot bexmnlng at point on :"G
line of the liculevard. dlxtant 70«> NE frmn NE
line of Tweifth street, thence NE and alonir
said line of the Boulevard <on curve radius
854X0 feet) 5O feet, thence 8 alonif line dividinc
lots :;o and 37. — N ira.f.4 to point on divid
ing line between lots ;Jti and H7, anil also along
dividing line between lots .Its. 7 and S -U.V51
feet, thence N along line dividing lota 03 anil
:.»!. NW 140.89 to beginning, lot revisel
map property Alameda Land Company block
152. Ea.*t Oakl.inrrr'SlO.
J. if. and May P. Bartlett to Barney Judge.
lot on B line of Occidental street, IDS S of
Marlpona. 8 50 bv E 1W, bin? portion of lots
1 and Si block X, map Paradise Park. Oak
land: $10.
Julia or Julie Bouquet or Boquet (widow) to
Clarence Mclntyre. lots on E corner of Ea«t
Eleventh jtreet and Twenty-fifth avenue. NB
1U0 by SE 60. lots 2U. 1'* and portion of 22.
block F, Knowlf-s and fotter yubdivtslon of
Ken»dy Tract. Fast C>akland: *lf».
Benjamin P. Batehelrfor to Nancy E. Batch
elder (wit-), lots b ami ti. block i'jti, Uay View
Homestead Tract, Oakland; iflft.
Kilwurd M. {{Inch (single) to William J. an4
Margaret Hinch. lot on N line of Walton street.
HI::; K cf Market E 25 by N ISOiX being
portion lot SO. block M. Central Land Com
pany'n Tract. Oakland; |10.
Delbert A. Bro-.vn tainsie) to J. M. Bartlett.
lot on "W line of Telegraph avenue (as sam«»
now exists). f."» N «if Charter avenue »<ir
Twenty-second street). W 83 :T. N (M:5. to N
boundary line ot Tuttle Horn-stead Trari, tJ
W:«},, S 64. SO to beginning, map Tuttle Home
stead Tract, Oakland; also lets on SW corner
rrf Simpson and TeUsraph avenues, thence W
loo.ao. s ic&^;:. e io*j.»£. n. io«33. iot» 1 to t,
map Simpson Tract. Oakland; $10.
Llla t-'as« Amemian (.wife of J. B.) to An
tonio Verona (single), lot 914. block I.
amended map blocks (» and I of Vicente Per
alta Reservation Tract, Temescal. Oakland;
*10.
Alameda County.
MONDAY. JVN'E 201
KEAIi ESTATE TK.\.\ SACTION [S.
Supervisors Talcott. Mitchell and
Rowe based the opinions expressed in
favor of the Crandall-Silva end on the
ground that minor parliamentary de
tails had not been observed by the fac
tion attempting to depose Crandall.
Crandall. head of the fighting end of
Jhe tanple. was formerly chairman of
the I'nion Lalmr party. At a meeting
held on April 1 a motion was made to
(Srpoaa him. Of the seventeen member?
of the committee present thirteen voted
him out of office. He ruled the motion
«'Ut of order and abruptly adjourned
the meeting. The thirteen members
ihen reorganized the central commit
tee by electing Lawrence A. Hyde as
ihairinan and retaining A. W. Ather
'An as secretary.
Crandall. with the following of four
•m-mberp. held a meeting of their own.
They filled the thirteen vacancies and
formed a new committee, of which II.
J. Silva was elected secretary. Both
committees have been asserting the
functions given under the law, and
:he matter now ha? come to a show
down before the Board of Supervisors.
The faction recognized by the Board
«>f 8u;ML'tvisois will 'have the right to
appoint all the outside delegates tj> the
Union Labor Convention this fall. This
will practically give the organization
«.\ er to the control of one pide or the
oilier.
Two factions of the Alameda Union
Laljor Party County Central Commit
tee sj>cnt several hours before the
Board of Supervisors to-day endeavor
ing to Fhow by arguments and testi
mony which end cf the organization
has the right to present a petition to
have the party name placed upon the
primary election ballots. The matter
is of some importance, as a decision
v ill place the faction recognized in
control of the party machinery. Tht
matter was i>ostponed without final ac
tion until to-morrow, when Attorneys
uurh S. Aldrich and W. S. O'Brien
Hill present arguments. Supervisors
•rohn Mitchell. H. D. Kov.e and J. li.
'laicott ex;«re2?sed themselves in favor
«,f the CnndaU-g&ra wing as against
the Hydt-Athertoti faction.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, June 20.
•
Final Decision Is Not Yet
Made, but Expressions Fa
vor Crandall-Siiva Wing
STRUGGLE FOR CONTROL
PENS FAREWELL XOTE
HUXTIXGTOX MANAGER
STATE OFFICIAL TALKS
Mrs. A. W. Tesche Despairs
Because of Marital Rows
and Attempts Her Life
School Children Must Un
dergo Treatment Before
They Can Return to Work
San Quentin's Chaplain to
Marry Boyhood Sweetheart
From Aurora, Illinois
First Step Is Taken Toward
Athletic Stadium at the
University of California
Factions of Union Labor
/Central Committee Are
Before the Supervisors
PARTY FIGHT
BEING AIRED
Oakland Plant of Pacific
Wire; Company to Become 1
Competitor of Big Trust
WILL ENLARGE
STEEL WORKS
BOARD ORDERS
VACCINATION
WOMAN DRINKS
CARBOLIC ACID
DRAHMS WILL
TAKE A BRIDE
FOOTBALL FIELD
BEGUN AT LAST
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN X FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1904.
OAKLAND, June 20.— Willie Har
din, 10 years of age, residing at 218
Hanna street, has disappeared. His
parents, who have reported the boy's
absence to the police, fear he has gone
away with older companion*'
Small Boy Disappears.
Mrs. Jennie L. Folsom's Death.
ALAMEDA, June 20. — Mrs. Jennie
L. Folsom, wife of John Folsom,
passed away yesterday at her home,
2154 Railroad avenue. She: was a
native of New York,* aged' 72 years.
Her remains will be forwarded to San
Jose for interment.
THROWS WEIGHT AT STEWARD.— Paul
Kumll, steward at the Techau Tavern, and
Earl Vosburgn, a waiter, had a disagreement
yesterday morning, and tt Is alleged that Vos
burgn threw • an Iron scale weight at Kumll.
which struck: him on- the face, cutting and
bruising his cheek and " forehead. Kumll later
swore to a warrant before Police Judge Frits
for Vosburgn's arrest on a charge Of assault
wltb a deadly weapon.
6
AJSVESTISEHENTa.
You Must Eat,
But then there's the fear of the
pain and distress that always fol-
lows. Why not strengthen the
stomach by taking Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters and be able to
enjoy your meals ? It is far above
any other medicine as a stomach
strengthener and blood purifier
and never fails to cure Poor Ap-
- petite, Dyspepsia, Indigestion,
Flatulency, Bloating, Heartburn,
Headache and Nausea. Try it and
see for yourself. At all Druggists'.
HOSTETTER'S \
STOMACH. BITTERS
OAKLAND.
10f> Broutlway.
Telephone 3Iain 1083.
BEKKELKY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North "7.
ALAMKDA.
1435 Fart Street.
Telephone Alanietlu oo9.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IS
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It's - a Mother's Duty
To see that the children's teeth recelva
tha
DENTIST'S
Attention at an early age. It will pr«»-
vent premature decay, irregular growth,
loosening, etc.
Our methods are thorough and suc-
cessful. Filling, extracting, etc.. is dona
in a highly skillful manner.
Tetth Resrula ted. S5 Boas rilUars 25o
Gold Filli»ff«. .$1.00 Silver rillinn" ¦'. -50o
Post-Graduate Dental College
3 TAYLOR ST.. SA2T FBAXCXSCO.
973 Waabiaaton St.. Oakland.
Ban Jose. - - - Sacramento.
4§%vEYery Woman
/*?\v^ .'•NY'V \Vi\ u lntereited an.l »hou!U know
RWsSiu^-Vm a.bunl the wonderful
Iw®-JMm MARVEL Whining Spray
¦^^SCS+SSViL iMtWWS lie«l-3af-
>*^_wvjr^ *~^~ '*^ffL . , _t*!~ x>n " Convenient.
*»* jw *r»»»i»» tn tu fij_ ' _^£^^--*~*
M A lit Ki.. an-*]* no Nl??^r • ':,: P^J-*^,
othrr. but K>n<l kUmpfor \» #~"^ '•>•>>
lUtutrfttedbook-arab*. Itetre* \\ / '""Jf
full particulars and rtirertiou* in- ft\ / M
?nln.»bl««tol»f|:(.» M %RVKLCO./7i/, , m
« 1 P»p k Zto w, Sew 1 or V.
13a New Muctgomery. S»n Francisco. Cal.
William Ilatteroth (Ladtea* D»pt.i. 224 Suttor.
T.nlon Drug Co.. 40O Suiter and 10O Stockton.
Oigood Brothers. ..Tth and Broadway. Oakland
B*ldwl» Pharmacy Jl» &WmHOLLISTER. June 20.— The funeral
of Dr. Thomas Flint, father of Senator
Flint Jr.. will be held Tuesday at the
family residence near San Juan under
the auspices of the Masons, in which
order he waa a prominent member.
Funeral of Dr. Flint.
PORTLAND. Me.. June 20. — The Na
tional Conference of Charities and Cor
rections to-day elected T>r. Samuel C.
Smith nf St. Paul president. Amontj
the vice presidents named wai Mr.
Simms of San Francisco.
Charity Workers Choose Leader.
FOR PERSONAL. INJURIES.— Clara Tread
way yesterday began suit against the United
Railroads for $10,800 damages for personal In
juries alleged to have been sustained on Sep
tember 29, 1003, when, she says, she was badly
bruised by being hurled from a McAlllster
ptreet car and dragged for a distance of sixty
feet.
Fair Commissioners From Islands
Grow Wan and Weary Under
Strain of Entertainment.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— The hos
pitality of San Francisco, Washington,
Philadelphia, New York and Brldge-
HOSPITALITY OF COUNTRY"
TOO MUCH FOR FILIPINOS
HONOLULU, June 20. — The sen
tence passed upon Darling, the nature
man. who was convicted in a police
court here of vagrancy, has been sus
pended to allow him to leave for San
FYancisco to-morrow on the steamship
Sierra.
Prefers San Francisco to Jail.
Flames Destroy Bui Id ins In Cleveland
and Brinsr Death and Suflerinj:
to Working People.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 20. — Two
persons were burned to death and six
others injured in a fire that partly
destroyed a saloon and building on Co
lumbus street to-day. The dead are
Anna Movatzski, a d6mestic, and Fritz
Wolfe, a porter.
TWO ARE KILLED AND SIX
INJURED AT FIERCE FIRE
TRIES TO SAVE BOY
AND DROWNS WITH HIM
Hero Loses Life in Attempt to Res
cue Youth and Witness to Trag
edy Ix>ses Mind.
HELENA, Mont, June 20.— Harry
Bullock, aged 9. while fishing in Bitter
root River, fell Into the stream. Ernest
Rich, who was walking in the viclnit>
with Miss Anna Strong, jumped in to
save the boy, and both were drowned.
Miss Strong fainted when she saw the
two drowning and has since lost her
reason. Mrs. Rich is almost Insane
because of the drowning of her son.
Golden Presiding Judge.
The Justices of the Peace met yes
terday and elected Justice Golden to
be presiding Judge for the ensuing
term- -^ -
RELEASED ON BAIU—G«orre -Nelson, the
railor who was arrested Saturday by customs
officer* for trying to smuggle two Panama bata,
waa released on $250 ball yesterday.
MAX AND YOUNG GIRL
KILLED WHILE AT WORK
Collapse of Four-story Brick Bonding
Brinss Death to Two Persons
and Injures Seven.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 20.— Two
persons were killed and jseven Injured,
one fatally, here to-day by the col
lapse of the four-story brick building
at Third a.nd Delaware streets, occu-
jjied by the Block Preserving Com
pany. The collapse was caused by the
explosion of ammonia on the fourth
lloor. One side of the structure, ex
tending its whole length, fell in. There
were fifty girls in the upper stories at
the time. The dead:
BERT BOWEN. Joplln, Mo. "
LILA ALLEN, aged 13. : ;
The injured — Claude Chambers,
buried for four hours, may die; Miss
Martha Phister, aged 16, condition
*;erfous; Miss Viola Baker, 15 year* old,
piously; Miss Mary Bolen, 38 years
old, seriously; Miss Lizzie Rolfers,
forewoman, bruised; Patrolman Gal
lagher, cut on lace and hands, and
y,\ H. Miller, fireman, cut and bruised.
The huilding 1 was twenty-five years
PITTSBURG, June 20.— Through
friends to-day it was learned that the
attorneys representing Mr. and Mrs.
Lawrence Cowles Phlpps have agreed
upon a plan that will end the litiga
tion pending in the Denver courts.
Phipps will surrender gold bonds to
the extent of $5,000,000 for the support
of his wife. Mrs. Phipps must retain
in her service, while she has the chil
dren, the nurses and maids who aided
the husband in regaining possession of
his children. . ,
Millionaire Plilpps Ends Sensational
Litigation by Entering Into Com
promise With Ills Spouse.
GIVES WIFE CHILDREN
AND FIVE MILLION DOLLARS
from reaching that personage, and
finds it almost Impossible to do busi
ness through the Porte. The State De
partment is determined that this dis
crimination shall cease, although it
hopes that It will not be necessary for
the battleship squadron, combined with
the Kuropean squadron, to repair to
Turkish waters.
The characteristic Turkish method of
blocking the attempts at negotiations
is a declination to accede to the request
of the State Department that the
Turkish mission in Washington be
elevated to the rank of an embassy
so that Minister Leishmann at Con
stantinople might attain similar rank
and thus be able, personally, to ap
proach the Sultan. Being kept In his
frade as a Minister, he is prevented
"WASHINGTON, June 30. — Minister
Leishmann has encountered a singular
and disagreeable reluctance on the
part of the Porte to enter Into nego
tiations looking to the removal of dis
crimination against American citizens,
professional and business men. in
Turkey. Citizens of European powers
are permitted all sorts of privileges
that are denied to American citizens,
and for three or four years past our
State Department, through its Minister,
has vainly striven to remove this dis
crimination.
Attempts of Minister to Prevent Dis
crimination Against Americans In
Turkey Blocked by Official.
PORTE PROOF AGAINST
EFFORT'S OP L.EISIIMANX
port has caused the -Filipino commis
sioners to the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position to grow wan and weary. They
are now touring the country under the
auspices of the "War Department, Con
gress having appropriated $75,000 to
bring them across the Pacific.
Major John Biddle Porter, tired out,
returned to Washington to-day and
Mr. Pepperman of the Bureau of In
sular Affairs promptly wrote Colonel
C. R. Edwards, chief of the bureau,
that the distinguished visitors were
drooping under the strain of entertain
ment.
old. It was .damaged during the fatal
tornado in 18^ and had never been
properly repaired.
TUCSON. Ariz.. June 20. — Arizona
is opposed to the re-election' of Sena
tor Bard because of the attitude he
assumed toward the Territory durinsr
the consideration of the statehood bill
by the Senate.
The matter has been taken up by
the commercial organ izationa and
through them the business men are
appealing: to the firms in Los Angeles
and San Francisco with whom they
do business to oppose Senator Bard's
re-election because of his defamation
of the people and resources of Artz
zona In. his speech against the Joint
rtatehood bill delivered in the Senata
January 29. 1003.
rcople of Territory Resent Attitude of
the Senator on the State
hood Bill.
ARIZONA WlIJj OPPOSE
CANDIDACY OF BARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. JUNE 21, 1904.
7
PRAGERS J FRAGERS I PRAGERS J _?gAGERg j PRAGERS^ |_ PRAGERS j PRAGERS
| '"""" -— — ¦ ¦¦ mm. - -¦¦¦»¦¦ *™ ¦ - """" """ " . -" l m n,rTwt mif ,rrn, m nmr, M w^
[| Everything is hustle. Workmen are now busy tearing down the partitions on the last floor; others .are 11
[.! clearing away debris; departments are in competition with each other for the most alluring bargains: shoppers are
J busy with their purchases. Snap and vim is evident everywhere. 1
I It's Nearing the End of This Great, DreSS Fabrics and Domestics at> a Tremen- A Great, Shirt, Waist, Special 1
I Clearance Sale of Millinery . Savins on Regular Price* and Other Offerings in I
J qp HERE have been such heavy demands on the stock of this WUd jaVm 5 Wil gV*>5H*qi ril^ d . Women's ClOdkS and SuitS U
. I department lately that there are many odds and ends that w jj this . magnificent assortment of the newest textures and weaves in dress materials will be Wlll^Il O V^W O _ ji
| must be closed out immediately. Ue have selected what I f ound j ust the thing you have been wa iting for. The buyer has just returned from the East. \ \ / E are keeping apace of the times by offering the very g
I we consider the prettiest and most stylish and have reduced the * am i t i lese are w h a t he considers the choicest items of his advance stock. V V newest importations in women's wearing apparel at end- H
1 prices still lower. Any change necessary to make the hat to your The domestic department, also included under this heading, offers some splendid values in of-the-season. prices. We are now completely stocked |
I liking will be made in our own workroom, free of charge. Pay house furnishings. w ' tn a ot oi new arrivals in skirts and suits. Our department is B
I our rooms a visit and satisfy yourself of the immensity of the bar- COVERT CLOTH TABLE LINEN Very m * tec * * n exhibit space, and as we do not want to carry any |j
I S£ inS i ** * c .,«-¦ I"* - t v J : Z a • 10c a yard -One case of covert cloth, in all popular 43o a yard-Extra fine grade of bleached table linen, old lines to our new Section when the "Greater Prager Store"!
| U^caa^ J?l.4.S— White chiffon creations, lurbans and large flaring shades, for suits and skirts. i2}4c quality. having been made in Belfast. Cost 6oc regular opens, m the fall, extraordinary bargains are being given. fj
S *» Ji^T- lkeSC WCrC /w frOm -! 3 ' 50 /u $4 '°?-- c iA a- -, r ' nvpopne price. SHIRTWAISTS. I
1 J?-.48_Fancy untnmmcd hats, m jet and horsehair. Sold ordinarily for OXFORDS NAPKINS. 70c_We have some of those etamine waists left which we had on sale 1
J a* fi> °i • r * , u- i >-• , j X- j- , rnWc i n n^tftr^- «.f«V, h« L C ™L) « 0Sc a dozen— Full dinner size table napkins. Fully Friday. The colors are whitc. red, blue, gray, champagne and black. ¦
| flwto-IiM of fine horsehair shapes Nicely made. [Needing only a very bleached and good linen. $1.25 regular price. These waists are the balance of a big lo, and are broken size.. They B
I «« -^t rm ?? m £\ 7 hc l° S - U TC S? lz l ] ? ior Jj5°- c t ¦ Eg? 1 ? Tn,nnr^\ li K V camping dozen-Extra heavy grade of dinner size are regular $2.00 values. I
! $2.5O_A table filled with trimmed white clnffon hats. Some of the pret- suits. Imported to sell at 40c a yard. t table napkins. Pure Irish linen Value $2.00 a doz. SAVING ON TAILORED SUITS. H
I •-, ft* 'u"' i° W11 i 1 "? season- t-yery °neis worth at least $^50. LAWNS. «.„ - «... w - . c .. *7.4R— For suits which sold up to $i 9 .r5- 9
1 S3.-1S turbans— Some stylish ones with braids, chiffon, malme, etc. Are Be a yard— Panama lawns, in neat patterns, for even- OllKS IOr 5Hirt» WaiSt* OlXltS. fO.05— For shepherd plaid, black and white check suits. The former i
I „ all ."l f . el >' , an f Pettily trimmed. Value $7.50. i ng wcar . Value 8 i- 3 c a yard. 35c, 43e, 50c, 55c and 63e a yard— The season's price— $17.50. fc|
1 A^ a r 3 ! , a* t f , -ri 1 GINGHAMS • latcs * creations in neat designs? All colors and S«.5O_Black silk coats. Reduced from $11.50. H
shapes. , Afferent styles. These shap^ ~, ± BINGHAMS combinations. The real valuesare almost double our J7.45-Black silk coats. Reduced from $.2.50. ' |
I OSrlB ick to^edoVur^ans. ors, in blue, brown and green checks. s f™*> . h . ,, { , . . , ' . T . ? 4 -»-'-Tan, covert and black broadcloth jacket,. Reduced from $0.30. 1
I -n« r> ?• u \ Jri.ou — 24-mch double face black peau de soie. The FblllCOATS. H
I Yo£-P £ a tUi^A «- en ,. COMF 9 RTE RS. regular $1.35 quality. 45c, 69c, SOc-Wash petticoats. Former prices were more than double. |
I Z'2*~yJiA Z-i ; , cach ~ Silkolme comforters, plain lining, filled 50c a yard— 19-inch black peau de soie. A good lin- All our outing skirts are now reduced— linens, crashes, piques, coverts, H
Tarsia-; ?±£d tu ? c,,, s . r w i., v.i« ::'^ m \^i' s c ,T"- '" ce ' y """" wiih Gcrma " s? gn^" wi " ° mvc " ' aff " a - and can bc us " 1 gX^^ up".o r y'wais; n nrsi abric) are now "" e " a bis i
Pretty Stockings" New Art Ideas |Some Summer Wear for | Embroideries. LaceS and Handkerchief Values Ribbon Special 9
I npHIS is a special that will |k T EW ideas are developing /^u:iJI*.^«. : A LWAYS welcome, they
J £ appeal directly to moth- 1^ continually in these lines. iilC V^flllurCll IiiQprf iflfiQ 11. are doubl >* so wnen tne y C^ O many things can be done H
I ers. Every pair of stock- A Here are 'a few for vour p-|-^ HFRF u ni«- a x.- c a m , ,a t M fi M « " WCI LIvyiia can be had at a bargain with ribbons that it is use- |
1 ings is serviceable and well consideration. ) ' -f HERE is an immense variety to make price such as we arc presenting less to comment abotit it |
«- de - c • , a u DOILIES. A children's clothes so much Here will be I vour selection from in this important sale. ™L re ' , _, ., , , , he F e - J hl * 1S n r ° ordinary bar- |
H made. Every pair is made with in 1 v or 1^^^ \Vnr 1 ' ROMPERS rare bargains in these lines— has outdone itselt country use. Worth 50c a dozen. 21c a yard— Beautiful silk ribbons; H
< triple and double heels and toes. c -vraoian. 7.1f—ChiIdren*s rompers: madc'of Galatea cloth, that for fine values this time. 111.; 2.3c. 3 for 5Oc_Women's 5 inches wide, with tiny cord cf- |
I in four styles of ribbing. Sizes V CUSHION TOPS. is easy to wash and will not fade. Dark and light um »xm iMcuoTinMo pnre linen handkerchiefs lace fects on two-toned taffeta Very ¦
j 5 to oj/.. <d a , . , . . colors Fine to cover them while at i)lav - = LACES AND INSERTIONS. borders, many styles to choose popular for belt and neck. Worth H
I 23c-_Womcn's fancy drop-stitch —'^—Kcady to slip the cushion in. COLORED DRESSES • « >t? a yard— Point de Paris laces and insertions. Good from. Worth 25c. J 35c |j
lisle stockings. Double threads r'n H.rl- rnwL/fir 7So_Made of fine pin-check gingham", with ruffle of ' bow knots. Button and floral designs from 1 ' =T mZ~~ ~T~ ~~~"^
I at the heel and toe. Hermsdorf „ " VnrH, -i g * samc °ver shoulder; edged with narrow embroidery. '"^h to 4 inches wide. Worth 8c and ioc. . 5? nflrQTdiTI M
I 1)Iack - A1] "* e *- Worth 35C C ' Uortll^ oc - l? k \ o{ whitc pit » ue ' fi " ished with "arrow braid, S l-.'Ic a yard-Splendid underwear lace, edgings and iVttI * # " 1 O*** 1 * I
! »\ « *% •. «-i\°« -k, f 5 * rr • , L - t, ., j insertions. Made of good hard-twisted cotton threads « fkB 9 O *jl J +W* t\
KAVC SllltC ' 91.18-Made of fancy stripe percale; white Bedford woven into patterns that are exact copies of the fi|\ fVl PTI Q Slllt^ fiTlU 1 fOll H
j UUY5 OUllO cord yoke, edged all around with 3-inch ruffle of real linen. They come in different widths and quite »** AflCll O OMlIfcO 4111X1 A 1 UUJWl J g
I ValllPQ TK^t ArP I TnQlirnaCCOll "" " $! ' 5 °' ' a variety to choose from. Worth , a^ c and r 5 c. | NTEREST is fast being centered in our men's department, the |
n ? amca A HUP niC X/Haijl|la35CU DliA«AmAii*l f\£f*%* ?*» fU^« a » \R?* > TT • B values are so great, unexpected. Even- week we have some |
i <-p HERE is everything included in this collection that is appro- ~IIcIlOnU;I\ai VJIier III fNGW W Olliei\ S VllderWeQr Et* surprise to offer. For the next few days these lines will be |
] £ priate at this vacation time. The garments are just as we *-% • • ~Z" IT^ I the center of attraction. The prices and garments are right. f|
! ~emion prcsem tbem and *? ™ hKS * bsohxtt]y " vhhoM Trimmings . the Right Prices „._ - ft We have e^ r J$™; odds and brokcn lols of M
J; TBAiicpoe w -v' 1 • • f f , ...' . » _i - .iir 1 1 • 1 -i t • V^»^^J* stylish summer suits that sold up to $15.00. and to clear B
1 «-« o .1 ,- TROUSERS. ,,,-., 1^ tllis section of the ad. will be tound some Tn Hh workmanship and materials used in ¦. them out quickly we give you your choice/ They come in I
3 ?rouL?s * " t'r^ -ed^AH 1 bargains that are without equal. 1 these garments . are the best. Much sin£ c and double breasted styles, in fancy worsteds, cheviots, serges,
j made and neat patterns. There are all size, INSERTIONS this sa^to nsure TtfsuccTss " WS •« cnVXd'SS'tn first-class style, with broad shoulder,.
A R . t — p , . . , SUITS. > :. r . , LUWNOb AND INSERTIONS. tms sale to insure its success. narrow lapels and snug-fitting collars. Suits formerly sold at $11.00, K
INJ.,.»— Boys 3-piece knee pants suits, in all-wool navy blue cheviots and 1 ?«* a yard— Embroidery edgings and insertions, con- VESTS $1200 $13 50 and S15 00 I
<».» i5r c3 i, twe . e 4*- , ses Io to l6 years - Re K ular 55.00 values. sisting of nainsook, swiss and fine cambric; edgings <*+ nn ,. r , ,. . ' .. , . , MEN'S TROUSERS. H
1 ? "" ar lf 2' S va£« SU ' tS ' " *'"*' m2tC^ h - Rcg " tf 4 % IO ch « widc; '«***%«* % to 2 rib^iand crocheted yoke fin Jhed with^ilk 9^«^»O pairs of men's fancy worsted trousers, in neat stride effects; |
I OR^ n , ... . VESTS: 25c-_Eiiisish lace allovers ; 18 inches wde. Suitable ?1.25 -Women's pure silk jersey rib vests, pairs of the finest American worsteds; also imported I
OSc-Boys washable vests, m white and fancy patterns. Reduced for yokes and cnt.rc waist covering. 1 hey come in low neck and sleeveless, with hand crocheted or Scotches and cheviots. New patterns and styles that have not been I
from $1.25. white only. Worth 50c. plain yokes. Pink, cream and blue. Worth $1.50. shown this season. ?
Yarie^f^jrhings Basement, NeWS RreWOrks!! NowonSale FireWOrks!!l Summer Outing Men's Furnishing, "I
; TJ ERE are thrce " eras tllat are sure to ¦"- X-% OJIPARE the following . A A /%, «" A _^ VFPV ~ T, ? C VERY hnc up to date in style and colors. H
H terest many customers. The quality of (J prices . You wilI fijafe • At Our Big AnHCX T? X^l^Toutdt^T^y E Some excellent values. ' |
each article is good, the prices low. beyond doubt the lowest <The Largest Store of Its Kind in the City.) JLw „, 1H , ,%"" J ™ ,™ H
CAPES. Offercd in the Cit - V - 1 145-1 147 Market, St., Near Central Theater. . g*g outines HANDKERCHIEFS. |
'¦ ?3.2J)-Liberty silk capes, with pleated flounces of Kitchen UteftsUs Mcke Your Selections From Asserted Boxes of the Following: T ., ... . 5c— Men's handkerchiefs. White or colored border, g
1 the same, handsome bell ends, edged with narrow $1.4S_CIothes wringer. Regular For$1.00 J •»•> ' w • ,1 irf 1 ' Extra soft finish. Large size. .6 for 25c. J
ruching. Black, white, also combinations. Worth rX.'l^fn'g boards. Regular price ST&SJSSfflg I & K" " 1 " 1 "^nS^b^™** l ° tl ° n ' '" BOYS' UNDERWEAR. I
I*5-OO. 60c. 3 2-Star Candles. 1 HummlnK Fire Top. 3 Packs Sp. Ex. Dyna- 15c — Eastman's or Colgate's violet 25e — Boys' cotton ribbed shirts and drawers, medium I
ES ' 45c— Sleeve board. Regular price 60c I ttra ri,V m i r.^iS2. Volcanoes - 1 pphI^J'vI^h^t^ .. taIcum P° w i er - . . weight, perfect fitting, double stitched seams. All 1
25c_Ladies' black silk peau de soie four-in-hand 25c_Wire screens. 18 inches Regu- Ughts.^ 6 1>lue 1 BoiSckcl Red Fire A Pa p C edo S e S . « cakes for 5c-Olive witch hazel \ ges s to ,, ' t
ties, with ends embroidered in many different dc- lar price 35c 5 arge Pi ? Wheels - 1 Red Bengal Stick. 1 Pack Pistol Fire j; soap. . ' , ' I
signs. Worth 50c. ? HffiM^Sr Itlc^ 25 A^c^'Kedheads. VL'^ jaT-viokt cofd cr^m' SUSPENDERS. f
GIRLS' OVERALLS. B P 2 Grasshoppers. x S& w. Toy Pistol. Punk. i^c a ptm-Pure witch hazeh 4Oc a pair-The "Light-weight" President snspend- f
5Oc— Sizes from 2 to 10 years. Made of blue denim 75c— Bird cage. Regular price Si.oo. I 1 OF JpJ.UU 4c each— A good hand brush. crs . More elastic than the others. Just the weight |
and broxvn court shoulder straps and waist bands of JS^eat safe. Regular price $1 f5 . I JlgSl SSSdiS \ TT'rZZT^eel ' -to?. S & £¦ T ° y |g« StfsSliS tack S?r Pushes yO " want f ° r SUmmcr W ° aIs ° haVC the mC " I
«f 5 r ng StOVC - RCgUbr tOSSSSS iJSiSSS * 12 *fSJ*»- f ° r T ° y ISS tlttZ^ti co a mb S hair brUShCS< *** «tra heavy weights. Regular price 50c |
(— — 1 $1.43 Gas oven. Regular price $i. 75 J *«* *»*«& \ 3 <£g$£ oXcm ™- 1 Pa p c e k d a 0 % e s . Electrlc Tor ' NotiOHS • A
%1% % ft5rn S ? mmerSU PP heS 1 , . 1 3^b. R B°e C n k Iaf Light. {^TS&^nZ^ ||¥pj2c^e|V£sioniplc|jcolte %1% 0 ;
I Sm ' ' J ifi&.sHi — Camping stove. Regular .1 4-in. Flower Pots. 1 Fire King. 1 Pack Pistol Fire foundation, made very low, is the Ea _^ra -^ _a^aj a/ '
Jk "fl (frktfy_/><fVj price $1.^0. 1- Hand-made Serpents. l Red Bengal Stick. Crackors. best for summer wear. It is a regu- jgsi ~jgt W*'*!^ *¦
,* P*: W^ >Tlg "M^K ra «A W M]fe» 20c_Camping stools. Regular price 12 T < ar ec Pin Wheels. 2 Green Meteor Sticks. 50 American Redheads. lar ioc collar. ""*!» p| Affllil/ I m&t 'P
•i ! r'^rCwS 1L & s£mJ* OOc— Reclining chairs. Regular price For $3.50 Morris & Yeomans' Lady Tablet /*^^^^ f^ -
II B "V^^a^^ $1.25. 6 S-Ball Candles. • 1 Magic Fountain. 1 i;-lb. Can Bed Fire. hatpins are the best. They come [B 1^ —/ W C <
H\|^ 77c_Folding chairs. Regular price J HS r r | e e gggS; X J fT^oV 2 g^^ Dyna. 6 in a package. 7. S. 9 inches long. \My XVA^?^, , X R , K I
1 ALWAYS RELIABLE | $ I - 2 5- 6 4-oz. Rockets. 4 Jeweled Volcanoes. mite Fire Crackers. Black or white. | |-'J ALWAYS RELIABLfc H
hi " -^ . 4c— Tin cups. Regular price ioc. .6 6-oz. Rockets. 4 Cascades. 1 Pabk Pistol Fire 2 packages for 25c_Are as good as fit *„„,* * t\r-f\ TV/T A T%TTT?T m 42T * r m
F> 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^ 4c Tin plates • Regula? price ,oc. \ \RyJg*g? z $$3**' J tgg?SSa!f1SSg 5 0 Red- others>2 5 c and 3 5 c a pack Just J* 1238* 1250 MARKET bT.XM, |
' « W 1Oe — Coffee pots. Regular price 20c. 12 Hand-made Serpents. 3 No. 3 Star Mines. heads. the thing to take to the country. H M
t; .__,_. . . _. __ K>c — Teapots. Regular price 20c. 1 Klectrlc Flower. l No. 4 Star Mine- 2 Packages Electric Tor- 2"c — Good-sized laundry bags, made __,.„ _» . -^ . «». H
I All the Shopping Inducements That Have n«- for knives and forks. Regular ; suJJhwe?" Pots> • chine^crader sticks 1 pa^kagT iron - clad of good canvas doth. Dark green Will Be the Largest, Department* Store I
Marfp Thk <stnrp Prtnnlnr» A ro \ti\\ Ut»rc> P"cc ioc. 1 Fire King. 2 Green Meteor Sticks. Torpedoes. stripes, alternating with tan. Wests of ChicaCO B
[g Mage I niS OlOre rOpmar Are OllU Here. .•»<?— Spoons, m set of 6. I Japanese Acrobat. 2 Brilliant Star Sticks. Punk. Worth 35c VYC^U PI VrfniCdgO^5: eclal Corr?«i>ond«jc«.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
I HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON. June 8.— When
even "The Thunderer"— that haughty
6-cent backbone of the empire, the
•Times — came down in price the other
Lizming English Journalism.
the coronation naval review at Spit
head. Some contradictory reports had
been published en the subject, but it
was by no means an official secret.
Foreign Governments had been duly
notified. In Washington the informa
tion could have been obtained by call-
Ing up some official on the telephone.
Naturally I imagined that I should
have no difficulty in obtaining the in
formation at the Admiralty Office. I
was referred to the "Private Secretary
of the Permanent Secretary." Various
written communications passed be
tween us, but after being kept dang
ling around for more than two hours
I was finally informed 'that there was
nobody in that huge department who
could answer my query. What was
meant, of course, was that there was
nobody present who would assume the
terrible responsibility of giving out a
mite of information for publication.
An American editor would delight in
"showing up" things of this 6ort, but
an English editor of a staid, respecta
ble, run-in-a-rut penny journal would
regard such exposure as "rank sensa
tionalism." quite, without the pale of
legitimate Journalism.
In recent years interviewing has been
HE WAS TICKLED MOST TO
DEATH — HIS LAUGH WA3
WORTH A FORTUNE.
GENERAL DUNDONALD has been compelled to
resign as commander of the Dominion regulars
and militia. He criticized the parsimony of the
Government in the matter of military equipment and had
to resign or be dismissed. Dundonald is a fighting
Scotchman, but likes to have something to fight with.
When he found the transportation facilities of the Cana
dian army reduced to eleven pack saddles he concluded it
was time to let ''Our Lady of the Snows" know that she
was in danger, and # now some other great captain will
command the militia While Dundonald commands his
own tongue in action against the Government.
He is unduly excited about the United States and de
clares that Canada owes the integrity of her territory
to the forbearance of others, meaning the United States.
He* may calm his ruffled nerves. Thi9 country has no
warlike designs upon Canada. We have some people
who talk annexation and Canada has some. But we
doubt whether the people of the United States would
take Canada if it could be done by passing a resolution.
We would not look passively upon the conquest of Cana
da by any Continental power. If General Dundonald will
OUR LADY OF THE SNOWS.
Russian authorities ask us to believe that the battle
of Vafangow and the attack on Japanese transports were
part qi a great strategical movement that bristles with
potentialities of woe to the Japanese. The information is
a glad acquisition to our knowledge of the Czar's fight
ing men. We were gradually reaching the impression
that the Russian heroes either can't fight or won't.
"No," he rerflied, "that is all we shall
publish to-morrow. I don't suppose we
should get. any additional details if we
tried, and Jt.ls not of enough impor
tance to be worth trying. When the
case comes up In the police court we
shall be able to get all the particulars
without any trouble." •
B. LISLE SNELL.
It is recognized as a thoroughly legi
timate charge. To this extent do Lon
don editors aid and abet in police cor
ruption and bribery.
News is gauged by a very different
standard from that which prevails in
America. The managing editor of a
great London daily once handed me a
proof with the observation that it con
tained something which might be
worth cabling. It stated that two
Americans had been arrested at Char
ing Cross for shooting at each other
and would be arraigned in Bow-street
police court in the morning. No names
and no particulars were given.
"I suppose you have a reporter out
running the story down," I remarked,
being then somewhat green with re
gard to English journalistic methods,
"and will get the rest of the story
later."
No official Information Is ever given
to reporters at Scotland Yard or the
police stations concerning murders,
suicides, burglaries or any crimes of
sufficient magnitude to be of public in
terest. Judicial inquiries are the only
recognized source of legitimate official
information on such subjects.
When a reporter is put on a criminal
story, if the facts are not obtainable
in any other way, he tackles some po
liceman concerned in it and privately
offers him a shilling or two to tell what
he knows about it. The money is al
ways taken provided the policeman
runs no risk of being detected .by some
superior official, but often the Informa
tion is not worth the price paid for it.
Frequently it % is manufactured on the
spot for purposes of revenue only. The
usually phlegmatic British Bobby can
develop a very lively imagination when
there is a prospect of earning a few
shillings thereby. But the reporter
gets his money back. In his weekly ac
count he charges:
To obtaining information from the po
lice So much
recognized even by the most conserva
tive British journals as legitimate Jour
nalism, but it is not practiced to any
thing/ like the extent that it is In
America. British officials high and low
have a great horror of it. Mr. Cham
berlain may be interviewed in America,
but never would he submit to it in
England. When a reporter seeks in
formation of the London County Coun
cil he is given a paper to sign by which
he pledges himself not to use what he
learns in the form of an interview and
not to mention the name of his Inform
ant.
The transformations which have thus
eet Fleet street agog will have to be
followed sooner or later by other con
temporaries who will find it impossible
to sustain dignity and dullness on
dwindling circulations. As the London
morning dailies circulate all over
Great Britain many provincial papers
will undoubtedly be compelled to fol
low their lead. It marks a new era In
British Journalism, a general waking
up and shaking up in the editorial
"sanctum eanctoriums" ¦which have
long been consecrated to routine.
News that concerns itself with gov
ernmental or municipal departments is
infinitely harder to obtain here than
in America. Officials display much
greater zeal In suppressing Interesting
intelligence than in making It public.
Red tape, conservatism and blank stu
pidity oppose all manner of obstacles
to the reporter who has recourse ' to
any department in quest of what In
America would be regarded as perfect
ly legitimate information. A question
once arose as to the number of war
chips from each nation represented
lhat would be allowed to participate in
It was considered a "shocking thing
to read in Mr. Harms worth's lla.ll a
naked statement to the effect, for ex
am'ue, that the Kins v.as about to buy
a new horse, whereas such portentous
laforrr.atit-ii previously had been
broken jpentljr to the public in a time
honored form something like this: "We
have received information from eources
of unquestionable authority (writes a
correspondent) that his most gracious
Majesty is not unlikely to effect the
purchase. a.t some time in the near fu
lure.^of." etc., etc., to the extent of
many more words, which kept the item
ir.odc-st'y clothed ia verbiage.
We heard a lot about the iniquities
of American journalism in those days,
but the Mall flourished exceedingly,
snd in time was followed by the Ex
press, also sold for a cent,
largely written and edited by Amer
icans, and avowedly modeled on
American lines, and furthermore dis
tinguished from all other English
newspapers by printing actual news on
the first page — and with headlines on
it. too — instead of the usual non-dis
play advertisement?. Both papers were,
and are, clean and honest end compar
atively lively without being scurrilous.
day, there was no longer any doubt
about th* effective Americanization <?f
the London r.ewppapc-rs. It all began
ia the lively brain of th-> Napoleon of
Fleet Ftreet, Alfred Harmsworth. He
it was who first adapted American
newspaper men, printed the news with
out circumlocution, cut out the pad
dins, took some pains to make what
was written readable, and. above all,
published a morning newspaper for 1
cent-
THE IiOilE OF THE LONDON* TIMES. ENGLAND'S MOST CONSERVATIVE PA-
I'ER WHICH HAP BEEN FORCED TO ADOPT THE UVELY AMERICAN
METHODS OK JOURNALISM TO KEEP UP WITH PROGRESS.
We are likely to see the South again in the position it
occupied in the campaign of 1900, when it supported
Bryan for policy and prayed for his defeat for pros
perity. When the speakers at the recent annual meet
ing of the Confederate Veterans suspended their
threnody long enough to felicitate their section upon a
prosperity greater than the South ever knew before they
furnished Republican campaign argument of the greatest
value. It proved that the prosperity brought about by
sound money and protection was not exclusively for the
manufacturing and commercial North, but is for the ag
ricultural South as well.
THE contrast between the Ripublican^ National Con
vention that meets to-day and'many of its prede
cessors is not as great as appears to some of the
special, correspondents. The fact that President Roose
velt is the unanimous choice of the delegates makes it
unlike the conventions of 1876 and of 1 880 and 1888 and
1896, when the Presidential nomination was an open
question. But the convention of 1864 was merely for the
purpose of nominating a candidate for the Vice-Presi
dency, as Mr. Lincoln's renomination was inevitable.
The same was true of the conventions of 1872 and 1900.
The issues now are the nomination of a Vice'Presi 1
dent. It is now probable the* choice will fall upon Sena
tor Fairbanks of Indiana. He is 52 years of age and a
native of Ohio. Born and reared on a farm he chose law
for his profession and was admitted to practice by the
Supreme Court of Ohio in 1874, and removing to Indian
apolis began his professional career there. After achieving
great success at the bar his political life started in 1892
when he was chairman of the Indiana State Republican
Convention, and was his party's candidate for the Senate
in 1893 in the Democratic Legislature which elected
Judge David Turpie.
He is not a stranger in national conventions, having
been a delegate at large to that of 1896 and its temporary
chairman, and in that of 1900 he was chairman of the
committee on resolutions. He was elected to the Senate
in 1897 to succeed Mr. Voorhees. and was chairman of
the United States High Commissioners in 1898 to settle
our boundary and other questions with Canada. His
present term in the Senate ends in 1909. He is of tall
and commanding presence, dignified and approachable, a
speaker of winning power, and in all respects a strong
man. His location in the 'West is favorable and adds to
the party strength in the Middle West.
The question^f platform will cause very proper divi
sions and^ discussion. The party will adhere to the
principle of protection and it need not say that the pres
ent tariff schedules are immortal. Every expression by
Democratic leaders concedes protection as our national
policy. John Sharp Williams, the Democratic leader of
the House, has broadly accepted protection and differs
only as to its extent. - As no one wants an undue de
gree of protection, going no further than is necessary to
safeguard our home market and defend the American
scale of wages and standard of living, the margin be
tween the Republican and Democratic' positions is so nar
row that it is difficult to see how the opposition can
make a vote winning issue of the tariff. Free trade is no
longer heard of anywhere in the country. This does
not mean that there are no free traders, but with both
the leading parties committed to protection they have
no party through which to make themselves felt. They
may be expected to antbush in Democratic declarations
about the trusts, using the anti-trust sentiment to as
sault the tariff. But they must work by indirection.
The country has great work before it. The Panama
canal, a work of peace and mighty in its consequences
to the whole world, must be constructed as speedily as
physical conditions will permit. It 13 of more impor
tance than anything likely to be taken in hand by any
foreign power. Other nations may make war, engage in
schemes of selfish aggrandizement and dynastic ambi
tion, but their benefits to mankind arc imperceptible in
the presence of this undertaking of the United States.
Not only will we build the canal, but in building and
administering it. our presence and example on the
isthmus will regenerate civics in Central and South
America and induce freedom and stability in those Gov
ernments where disorders have for nearly a hundred
years restricted progress and threatened the peace of the
world. President Roosevelt made this stupendous con
struction and all of its beneficial consequences possible,
and that fact alone invests the National Convention of
his party with unsurpassed dignity.
What the convention does will be ratified by the coun
try in November, because it will represent the aspira
tions and the hopes of the American people. The con
vention does not have to reverse any policy of the party
or snub any of its record. In it there is no contention
between reorganizers and regulars. All elements are
regular and there is nothing needful of reorganization.
Since its return to power in 1897 the party has adopted
the gold standard, liberalized our banking policy, made
currency panics less possible, and has so safeguarded our
trade and finances as to make it unlikely that any hard
times can ever reach the distressing proportions that
made men desperate in the awful years between 1893 and
1896.
THE NATIONAL CONVENTION.
Special Information supplied dally t« '*
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen"*). 230 Cal-.
lfornla street. Telephone Main 1043. *
4
Present Africa.
It may tgfke a century to even lay
the foundations for Africa's future —
Townsend's California Glace fruits rd
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
A colored man was arrested the other, day for obtain
ing money under the false pretense that in dreams he
could see and foretell the winners of horseraces recently
run to the profit of professional gamblers in this city.
The defendant appears to have an excellent case. If
everybody who dreamed he could pick a winner and in
spired his friends with the delusion were to be arrested
half the male population of the town would be in jail.
BARBER POLES— S. C, City. In an
cient times barbers performed minor
operations in surgery, and when bleed
ing was in vogue It was the barber
who did the cupping and bleeding. To
assist In this operation there was a pole
or staff which was grasped by the pa
tient and to this there was also at
tached a strip of bandage or fillet to
tic up the patient's wound after opera
tion. When these were not in use they
were hung at the door as a sign. This
was replaced by a red pole with a whits
strip painted around It in imitation of
a bandage wound arounct it. and after
cupping and bleeding was discontinued
as a method of treating; the sick the
striped pole was retained as a barber's
sign.
COST OF BIO GUNS— S. P. B., City
A twelve-Inch breech-loading rifle,
carriage, etc.. in barbette, such as are
furnished to the United States, costs
on an average $61.500— J25.0QO for the
carriage and $36,500 for the gun. Tha
cost of a disappearing twelve-Inch,
breech-loader is on an average $53.
000—$32,500 for the carriage, and JC6.000
for the gun.
TOM WILLIAMS— >I. L,. San Jo«e.
Cal. — Tom Williams, the well known
horseman, was married twice. His first
wife was Miss McMullen, and after
being a widower, he married a Miss
Steele of Oakland.
THE DENTAL. LAW— F. T.. Corn
ing, Cal. The last passed act of th«
California Legislature, commonly
known as "the dental law," has not
been declared unconstitutional.
Answers to Queries.
O glittering host! O slumberless crew!
. Your parade in a marvelous symbol Is
- , spun ;
To keep the grand scheme from going
askew,
We must work, we must work till our
lifework is done.
— Mary II. Coates. In the Boston Tran
script \ •
Naught of weighing and gauging' to
spur and appall.
Only heaven and ocean to drowsily
woo;
Sunlit sky, sunlit sea till the night's
curtains fall
And the moon takes sweep of the hal
cyon olew;
Spaced with days of turmoil that cloud
banners brew.
Starred with nights when the breaker
fires hlssingly run.
Nor a sign in them all ever ushers this
cue:
We must work, we must work till our
lifework is done.
Safely set on the steeps Is this bonnie
home-stall.
Facing pageants of color the happy
day through.
And the night softly spread in a rap
turous thrall.
Set to murmurous music till day
comes anew.
Speeding winds! shlftnlg sands! glad
gifted and true!
Beating heart of the sea! loyal clasp
of the nun!
Do they say. as the whirl of the world
they pursue:
We must work, we must work till our
lifework is done.
I/ENVOI.
High aloft, like a swallow's nest
thatched in the wall,
Is my home on the cliffs by the west
ern sea blue,
Where the balancing waves drum a^lazy
dream call.
Where the winds frolic past with a
hall and adieu.
Where the deepening night vaunts the
day's flowing view
Till the skyway and sea melt and min
gle in one.
And where never obtains logic's clamor
ing mew:
We must work, we must work till our
lifework is done.
The Grand Scheme.
"You're right," he said, "but they
discharged me out at the Insane Hos
pital, and I was laughing because I
had fooled them." . > -
So they did the next best thing.
They determined to arrest- the happiest
man in the bunch. They collared the
man on the bench, and before that in
dividual could stop laughing they had
him booked at the Hall of Justice for
disturbing the peace. While the book
ing process was going on the man
laughed, and he laughed when he was
placed in the cell.
"Crazy," remarked the turnkey as he
turned the key in the lock.
Instantly the laugh ceased, and the
happy man's face took on a look of
concern. •
each been fined $10 by the Police Com
missioners the night before and did
not feel like it.
Since the catastrophe at Port Arthur
in which Admiral Makaroff and the
officers and men of the Russian battle
ship Petropavlovsk were lost, English
journals, in speaking of him with ap
preciative admiration. Introduce vari
ous anecdotes illustrative of the char
acteristics of the man which show that
beneath a stern and Impressive ex
terior were hidden very human and
likable qualities.
He spoke English with accuracy, and
because of this his intense activity and
his liking for outdoor sports, Emperor
Alexander nicknamed him "The Eng
lishman." Even when past middle age
he devoted two hours each day to
physical exercise. A favorite sport was
swimming. When In command at
Cronstadt, "Old Bluebeard" — so named
because of the huge whiskers and mus
tache—was rowed out from the gov
ernment quay for his dairy morning
plunge and swim. It seems the very
irony of fate that so skilled a swim
mer should have perished fit drowning.
He had a kindly heart *f or "the poor
and the unfortunate, and his morning
outings found him surrounded by the
waiting halt and blind, among whom
his copecks were liberally distributed.
Nor was he always discriminative In
his charities. "Makaroff's mendicant,"
for example, was a well known char
acter In Cronstadt. This was a de
crepit and not at all reputable old
sailor, the object of MakarofTs fre
quent charitable regards, who "w«re a
placard on his breast on which was in
scribed, "I am under the patronage of
our Governor." This, v.-j3en the sailor
was arrested for drunkenness, he was
wont to display to the magistrate.
much to the amusement of the court
officers and visitors.
As Is well known, Makaroff had a
decided genius for mechanical and en
gineering invention. He drew and
copied the designs of his Inventions,
and he occasionally painted from natura
in water colors. It is told of him that
once while thus engaged, during a trip
to Finland, he was approached by two
young naval cadets, who saw in him.
only an elderly and carelessly dressed
man. They criticized his sketch with
frank disapproval of his artistic ef
forts, when Makaroff, turning to look
at them, quietly said, "I think I know
yQ.u, gentlemen."
"We don't know you," said one of
the youngsters, "but you and 'Old Blue
beard' are as like as two eggs!"
The Incident ended by Makaroff In
viting them to luncheon. When he
dismissed them, be smilingly but sig
nificantly said. "Remember that even
elderly artists deserve proper respect
from naval aristocrats." — The Youth's
Companion.
Makaroif.
THE rating and registering of the population of the
Philippines having been completed by the United
States Government, the results of the first Ameri
can census for the islands, that of 1903, are embodied in
part in a pamphlet that has just been received from the
Federal Department of Commerce and Labor. The re
lations that San Francisco and the entire Pacific Coast
will have with the Philippines supply obvious reasons
why official conclusions concerning the islanders should
have local interest. The census was taken on March 2,
1903. There are in the Philippines archipelago 3141 isl
ands and islets that extend from latitude 4 degrees 40
minutes to 21 degrees 10 minutes north and from east
longitude 116 degrees 40 minutes to 126 degrees 34
minutes. *
Within an area of 832,968 square miles of land and
water there dwell 7,635,226 human beings, of whom
6,987,426 are classed by the census takers as civilized, or
partly so. and 647,740 as wild. The aborigines of the
Philippines are supposed to be the Negritos, and of
these 23,000 remain. They are found in many but not
all the provinces. They live in a primitive state. They
are black. Their hair is woolly and bushy: Their toes
are remarkably prehensile, and they can use toes almost
as well" as they can their fingers. They wear no clothing
excep^ a gee string. They live on such food as they can
find, have no fixed habitations or occupations, wander
about the forests and have little contact with other peo
ple except when trading. The women, as .is usual with
uncivilized peoples, do all the work. The men are skill
ful in the use of the bow. in throwing stones and in
making a fire, which they do by rubbing together two
pieces of dry bamboo. These facts, recounted by the
census officers, may be generally in the public mind, but,
as the Negritos are considered the progenitors of a
very numerous population, some few general facts of this
sort may well be recalled for the proper understanding
of several interesting questions.
How the civilized or partly civilized and the wild
Philippine islanders are distributed among the prov
inces is all made clear by statistical tables that are sup
plied in abundance in the census report. It is of less in
terest to the general reader to find out about that than
it is to learn of some more general characteristics from
official sources of the people whose interests are now
.bound up with those of the! United States to a certain
extent.
The civilized Filipinos are classified by the census in
eight tribes — th'e Bicol, Cagayan', Ilocano, Pampangan,
Pangasinan, Tagalog, Visayan and Zambalan. Since the
discovery of the Philippines by Magellan in 1521 the
population has multiplied fifteen tinges. While the peo
ple of Mindanao are largely head hunters, they are not
classed by the census as savages, because they raise
maize, mountain rice, taro and a fine quality of hemp. The
Moros live in Villages, generally along the seashore
or by some lake. They are famous boat-builders and also
manufacture their arms and some cannon, weave a large
amount of cloth, gather considerable quantities 'of gutta
percha annually, and those living in the Sulu group
are expert pearl divers. They have no political organi
zations, but obey' some datto or petty chieftain.
In the report Taft, Governor when the census was
taken, is quoted as saying: "Contrast the Filipinos
with other Malays and the oriental peoples, and I ask
you to name a people offering more opportunities for
development along, the lines which American ideals re
"qltire than the people 'of these islands." Director San
ger adds his own personal opinion, which is that "the
Filipinos are generally subordinate to lawful authority,
that under competent officers they make excellent sol
diers, and in the course of time will make good citizens.
The ephemeral tribe distinctions that now exist will
gradually, disappear, and the Filipinos will become -a
numerous and homogeneous race, exceeding in intelli
gence and capacity any other people of the tropics."
No attempt is made in the pamphlet referring. to the
population to give statistics regarding Philippine indus
tries. Facts of that sort will be published in detail by
the Census Bureau. It is of some interest to learn that
in a general outline of physical conditions the Census
Bureau estimates at this time that there are about 12,
000,000 acres of private lands and 61,000,000 acres of pub
lic lands. Of the latter 40,000,000 or more acres are
forest, leaving about 21,000,000 acres available for agri
culturevand capable of producing all kinds of tropical
fruits and vegetables and many of those usual in the
temperate zone. The' forest lands are estimated to be
worth $2,000,000,000. . *
THE PHILIPPINES CENSUS.
Men and women of Tuolumne who reached the
famous old . mining grounds in '49 held a reunion in
Golden Gate Park the other day and revived memories
made sacred by half a century of change. What a. store
of reminiscences and comparisons these old people must
have to cheer the declining and closing years of their
eventful lives.
but how colossal is the work already
done! Over one hundred steamboats
and tugs, and many barges, are afloat
on the Upper Congo, where Stanley,
twenty-seven years ago, ran the gant
let of cannibal tribes. The Cape to
Cairo railroad will reach Zambesi this
summer. There are now over fifteen
thousand miles of railroad tracks In
Africa, and the end of this decade will
see twenty-five thousand miles. Oold
fields are opening from the Transvaal
to Katanga, north of the Zambesi. Col
onial governments are experimenting
with all crops that give promise of
success. Faith In Africa Is Inspiring
the wonderful work, and the natives
themselves will be among the chief
beneficiaries when their continent
comes more fully Into the light. —
From "What Stanley Lived to See Ac
complished In A fji«gf." by Cyrus C
Adams, In the American Monthly Re
view of Reviews for June.
Two police officers happened along
when the various "haws" were hearti
est. They too probably would have
joined In the chorus, but they had
Then he slapped his thighs several
times, and gave other evidence that
he was tickled most to death. Finally
he laughed. And such a laugh as It
was. It would be worth a fortune as
a phonographic production of the
laughing song.
- It attracted every one's attention. It
was so hearty, and soon those In sound
of his haw, haw, haw Joined him.
They could hot help it. The happy
man's laugh was contagious.
As he sat on the bench In Ports
mouth Square he looked the personifi
cation of happiness. There was a
merry twinkle in his blue eyes, and
about the corners of his mouth were
evidences that he was very much
pleased with the condition of affairs,
both as regards himself and the world
at large. Soon these evidences de
veloped into a faint smile; then came
a grin; a grin that would do credit
to an end man in a minstrel show or
a darky preparing for the first water
melon of the season.
The Man Who LcnigJu.
consult the Monroe doctrine and its history he will learn
that it was the joint work of Canning and Monroe and
that it includes Canada in the Monroe hemisphere. We
would certainly not permit Germany nor Russia to take
Canada if either party were at war with Great Britain.
We prefer Great Britain to either for a neighbor.
This position of the United States is so well under
stood that Germany has desisted from attempts to ac
quire the Danish West Indies. As far as the European
powers are concerned, we propose to pick our neigh
bors. In the unlikely event of a war between us and
Great Britain, using Canada as a base against us, of
course we would have to take Canada. But no defen
sive preparations on Canada's part could prevent that.
Eleven pack saddles would be just as good as the most
improved military transportation. Canada should join
hands with us in procuring the proposed arbitration
treaty with Great Britain. With that accomplished, war
will be so remote a probability that even the eleven
pack saddles may be sold as junk.
This country; rejoices in the progress and prosperity
of Canada, and\we are envious of her only because she
is getting all the good immigration from Europe, white
we are getting all the bad. If she will 'win our lasting
friendship she has only to show us the trick of shutting
out the diseases of Europe and admitting only its
health in her stream of immigration.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor , . . . . Address All Commtmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ... Tlilrd and Market Streets, sTJC
TUESDAY ••••• J UNE 2I » IQ °4
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESJoe McMillen made something of a
bluff at suicide last night. Before the
act he wrote two short notes. One
was addressed to hta dog. Duke, whom
he designated as "his only friend."
The other was indited to Miss
Blanche Porter. It was short and to
the point and read as follows:
"Dear Blanche: I'm drunk. I jjied
for you."
When taken to the Emergency Hos
pital examination showed that Mc-
Millen with a- razor had made twelve
small scratches on his neck and about
as many light cuts on his left arm.
From appearances It was a false
alarm all round. One of the wounds
on the arm came near being a sur
prise to McMillen, as it very nearly
severad a vein.
McMillen Is a night porter at - a
lodging-house. 45 Stockton street
SUICIDAL FAKER WRITES
A LETTER TO HIS DOG
"The Lights o' London" has every
thing that melodrama demands —
human interest, natural pathos, thrill
ing situations, abundant wholesome
comedy and climaxes that serve as
preludes to vigorous and repeated cur
tain calls. The piece is well mounted
and the bridge scene Is particularly ef
fective. The dive for life Into the
Thames (a huge tank of "real water")
Is highly realistic.
Herschel Mayall and Eugenie Thais
Lawton were convincing in the leading
roles, Henry Shumer makes a first
class villain and George P. Webster is
strong In the character part of Seth
Preen-. L. R. Stockwell, Julia Blanc
and Winifred Gordon, as members of
the Jarvis family of actors, made a
rare comedy hit, especially in the enow
scene and in the rehearsal before the
police. The cast is a large and good
one.
The Central Theater's revival of
George R. Sim's famous old melo
drama, "The Lights o' London," drew
an immense house last night. As much
interest was manifested in the piece
and the audience was roused to as
high a pitch of enthusiasm as if the
play were brand new Instead of having
broken all records for longevity. It
was the Inaugural night of the Stock
well benefit week, and the size of the
crowd indicated that the popular vet
eran actor will be enriched by a sub
stantial purse.
Central.
The Department Head of the Grand
Army of the Republic Is Enter
tained by Ladies.
The headquarters of Seven Pines
Circle No. 3, Ladles of the Grand
Army, in Pioneer Hall was crowded
last night with members of that circle,
those of George H. Thomas Circle and
of "William McKinley Circle; also
many members of the Grand Army to
welcome Department Commander
Rice on the occasion of his official vis
it, accompanied by his staff. The vis
itors were welcomed to the patriotic
ally decorated quarters by Mrs. Hen
rietta Hall, president of the circle.
The commander made an eloquent
patriotic response, in which he paid a
high tribute to the Ladies of the
Grand Armjr for their work in assist
ing the old soldiers of the Civil War
and their families when In need. He
was followed by Adjutant General
Roberts and Comrade Woodward, who
each spoke In the same strain as the
commander. After the speeches there
were songs and instrumental selections
and the serving of ice cream and
cakes. This circle wtn give its anni
versary party June 30.
SEVEN" PTVES CIRCLE
GREETS THE COMMANDER
The Alcazar Stock Company began
the final week of its engagement last
night in a very creditable production
of Clyde Fitch's pastoral comedy,
"Lovers" Lane." There Is much to
amuse in the piece and a great deal
that touches the heart strings. The
parts are all well sustained, prominent
among them being that of Simplicity
Johnson in the capable hands of
Frances Starr, who again has an op
portunity to display her versatile tal
ents, an opportunity of which she
takes the fullest advantage. John B.
Maher Is capital in the dual role of
Uncle Bill and Mr. STcillig, the man
ager of the opera house, who is his
own bill poster. Miss Marie Howe is
perfectly at home as Matty, the min
ister's housekeeper, and her work,
which is at all times clever, meets
with the approbation of her audience.
George Osbourne is as reliable as ever
as Hosea Brown and James Durkin
acts intelligently the part of the min
ister, barring a slight disposition to be
too mournful. Adele Block is accept
able as Mary Larkin and Adele Bel
garde is convincing as Mrs. Wood
bridge. The rest of the cast Is well
taken care of by Luke Conness, Harry
Hilliard, Jennie Wlederman. Maggie
Leavy, Stella Rizita, and too much
cannot be said in praise of Juliet Cros
by, whose impersonation of Miss Molly
Mealy, the school mistress, is unctuous
ly humorous. The scenic effects of the
play were no small part of it3 pro
nounced success.
Alcazar.
Reliable gas ranges $16 50. regular
price $20. this week only at S. F. Gas
& Electric Co.. 415 Post st. •
"Lundy & Co. have retained me to
look out for their interests, but we
have not decided yet how we shall
proceed, if at all. I do not care to say
anything about what my clients be
lieve to be their rights. The board
does not seem to have dealt fairly with
them, at any rate. Whether injunc
tion proceedings will be instituted to
prevent the award of the contract to
their competitors is something that
will be determined later."
The recent awarding of contracts for
supplies for the State insane asylum
at Napa bodes trouble for the direct
ors of that institution. A report was
circulated yesterday that several local
business houses, which have been in
the habit of bidding Tor tire asylum
contracts, feel grieved over the al
leged unfairness of the directors in
making awards and are preparing to
enjoin the latter from carrying out
their recent decision. It has" been
charged that instead of awarding the
contracts for supplies of butter, eggs
and other provisions to the lowest and
most reliable bidder, as provided by
law, the directors have been giving the
contracts to the highest bidders.
The claim is made that the direct-*
ors of the asylum have acted in this
unlawful manner on several occasions
and naturally aroused much dissatis
faction among many local firms which
had submitted lower bids than the ones
accepted, and have qualified in every
manner required by law. Among the
dissatisfied firms ia Lundy & Co. of
this city, and It is reported to be pre
paring to bring an Injunction suit
against the directors of the institution.
It was learned last night that Lundy &
Co. have engaged the services of At
torney Louis Titus, but the only state
ment the lawyer would make was as
follows:
A particularly -pleasing feature of
the performance was the excellent
work of beautiful Affle Warner, who la
winning 1 fame in this piece in the part
of Lycabetta, the chief favorite of
"King Robert, the Bad." The others
of the large cast furnish excellent sup
port for the leaders.
Jane Laurel in the part of Perpetua
fell but little behind the star in the
way of popular approval. Her sweet
face and graceful carriage would alone
mark her for distinction.
"The Proud Prince," with E. H.
Sothern in the title role, be^an its
second week at the Columbia last
r.ight. The house was packed to the
doors and the audience showed its
thorough appreciation of the remark
able work of the performers in an un
mistakable way. Sothern held hia
hearers spellbound, making them live
and breathe in his marvelous por
trayal of the character of the Sicilian
King.
Columbia.
WILLOWS, June 20.— A fire near
Butte City this forenoon destroyed 250
acres of barley on the Packer ranch,
farmed by Andrew Kaiser. Loss cov
ered by insurance.
Grain Fire Near Butte City.
Professor Brownell Goes to GUroy.
SAX JOSE. June 20. — Professor El
mer E. Brownell. one of tae most
prominent educators of this city, has
been elected principal of the Gilroy
school. For several years Brownell
has been a teacher In the San Joss
High School. He Is al3o president o{
the County Board of Education.
Local Merchants Threaten
to Bring a Suit Against
Directors of >*apa Asylum
Harbinson Dies of Injuries.
SACRAMENTO, June 20.— William
Harbinson, who was shot yesterday
evening in a saloon by Roland Holmes,
died of hia injuries this forenoon. A
little over a week ago th« men had
quarreled and Harbinson had given
Holmes a beating; but they had since
made up and appeared to be friends.
Harbinson was about 35 years of a.ze.
Scion of Wealthy Kansan Pleads
x Guilty When Brought Before the
Bar of Justice.
KANSAS CITY. June 20.— Carey Sny
der, son of E." S. Snyder, the promoter
and former banker, pleaded guilty in
the Criminal Court to-day to having
held up and robbed a pawnbroker. He
was sentenced to three years in the
penitentiary, but was paroled.
BANKER'S SON ADMITS
HE FTyT.n UP PAWNBROKER
ALLEGE BOARD
ACTS UNFAIRLY
Unexpected Gust of Wind Upsets Craft
On Michigan Lake and Its Occu
pant- Are Drowned.
MARQUETTE. Mich.. June 20.— Mrs.
John Oerie, Gordon Piper, Florence
Crane and Roy Mitchell, all of Negau
nee, were drowned to-day In Teal Lake,
a squall capsizing the boat.
SUDDEN SQUALL BRINGS
DEATH TO FOUR PEOPLE
SAN JOSE. June 20. — The W. O.
Bohannon Company was incorporated
here to-day with a capital stock of
$50,000 to carry on a printing and
publishing business. The stock is di
vided into 5000 shares. W. G. Bo
hanr.on has been engaged In business
In this city for some time and ha*
published the Tree and Vine and other
publications. Of the capital stock.
$26,000 has been subscribed.
New Printing Firm hi San Jose.
MANILA, June 20, 10 p. m.— Rear Ad
miral Philip. H. Cooper, who, on ac
ccunt of declining health will relin
quish command of the Asiatic fleet,
sailed to-day on the flagship Wiscon
sin for Shanghai. He will transfer the
command 4f the fleet to Rear Admiral
Stirling. Rear Admiral Cooper will de
part from Shanghai for San Francisco
July 2.
Leaves Manila for Shanghai, Where
He Will Relinquish Command
of Fleet to Sterling.
REAR AD3IIRAL, COOPER
IS HO3IEWARD BOUXD
Charles and Bessie Hart made their
first appearance at the Chutes yester
day in a refined and novel musical act,
scoring hits at both performances.
Lamont's Australian trained cockatoos
gave an extraordinary exhibition of
bird Intelligence, the petite Fay sisters
proved graceful and clever singers and
dancers and Miss Hallie White, a
pleasing soprano, was well received In
her illustrated songs. Jones, Sylvester
and Pringle, "The Imperials of Min
strelsy"; Brandow and Wiley, the ver
satile colored couple, and the animats.
scope, reproducing a realistic train
robbery, completed an excellent pro
gramme. The amateurs will appear
on Thursday night.
Chutes.
BALTIMORE, June 20.— In view of
the contradictory statements that have
bten published as to the attitude of
Cardinal Gibbons and the American
Archbishops In the matter of Pope
Pius' recent letter on the subject of
church music, restoring the Gregorian
chant, the Cardinal's secretary to-day
made the following statement:
— "The Cardinal wrote to the holy
father, promising to carry out, as fast
as practicable, the Judicious and prac
tical letter of the Pope on the subject
of sacred music. To-day the Cardinal
received a reply from the holy father,
in which his Holiness warmly com
mends and appreciates the letter of his
Eminence and the Archbishops. The al
leged interviews and observations
ascribed to the Cardinal touching upon
the holy father's letter pa sacred music
are devoid of foundation."*
ness Brings Reply Praising
His Efforts.
American Prelate's Letter to His Holi-
CARDINAL GIBBONS* VIEWS
ABOUT MUSIC PLEASE POPE
SANTA CRUZ, June 20.— Colonel
Powers and staff. Surgeon Morriaey of
the Hospital Corps, Captain McCor
mick. Captain Crawford, Captain Ec
cles. Captain Grinoley. Captain Pier
son, Lieutenant Curtin. Lieutenant
Thompson, Sergeant Neeley and Ser
geant Shaw have arranged for tb*
League of the Cross encampment.
The camp is to be situated east of
the Tented City.
On Sunday, July 10. Colonel Power*
and officers will b« down to «take th«*
camp. On Thursday, July 14« Lieuten
ant Thompson and the advance guard
will arrive to pitch the tents and th«
regiment will be here Saturday even-
Ing. July 15.
There will be a dress parade and
guard mount daily and tne programs:*
for the week will be:
Sunday morning— Military exss at t
o'clock.
Monday — Arrival of Archbishop
Montgomery. Bishop Conaty. cleryy
and other distinguished visitors, who
will review the regiment and in th«
evening- b« tendered a grand reception
at the Casino.
Tuesday evening— Grand concert ea
Pacific avenue by the full regimental
band of forty-two pieces.
Wednesday— Dress parade In the city.
In the evening oScers* ball at th«
Casino.
Thursday — Dress parade In the city
and non-commissioned officers' balL
Friday— Grand entertainment at thm
Ca3ino for the benefli of New Sant*
Cruz fund.
Saturday evening— "At home" la
camp.
Sunday morning— Military mass. la
the afternoon departure.
Sp«c!»I Dtsp*teh to Tfc« C*a.
The fair management .akes the posi
tion that the wording of the agreement
would have been "on and after July
1" if it had been meant that a 5500,000
payment should have been made on
that date. The acting Secretary of the
Treasury received a letter to-day ad
vising him that because of this inter
pretation the management of the fair
did not expect to make the $500,000 pay
ment until the middle of July.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, June 20.— By seizing a
technical advantage afforded by the
wording of the conditions governing
the United States loan of $4,600,000 to
the St. Louis fair, the management has
succeeded In deferring the payment of
the first *500,000 until July 15. It Is due
July L Under the terms of the loan
the exposition compan. was to pay the
Government 40 per cent of its gross
receipts on June 15 for the two weeks
preceding and then semi-monthly pay
ments of $500,000 "frou and after
July L"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
rapher.
"Believe me." said the stenographer.
"I actually saw the tragedy In the cab.
I have kept quiet becauz I did not
want to be mixed up in the newspa
pers. I saw the man and woman begin
to struggle and it appeared, to be as If
oi.e of them was trying to get out of
the hansom and was being forcibly
held. When within a half -block I saw
something flashing in the man's hand.
I thought it was either a knife or a
revolver. The woman was trying to
get possession of the weapon."
Epeclal Dispatch to T>.» Call.
NEW YORK. June SO.— "ITan" Pat
terson when arraigned before Judge
Ne-sfbcrger will plead "Not guilty"
with greater emphasis because of
knowledge Imparted to her by her
counsel that a new witness h?- been
found. This witness Is a oman stenoz-
League of the Cross Sol
diers Provide Entertain
ment to Divert Monotony
Promoters Claim Money Is
Not Dne Under Contract
¦Until the Middle of July
Man Had Revolver, She As
serts. Which Companion
Tried to Wrest From Him
TUB WEEK PB0MSED
EEFtSE TO PAY §300.000
STRUGGLE IX THE CAB
The prettiest thing in the acting Is
the appealing trustfulness and charm
of Amelia Gardner's Mrs. Humming
top. Her winsome personality fits the
role to a dot and she looks the part
delightfully. Miss Elsie Esmond is the
ex-circus lady, and though not ultra
convincing in her deviltry, has spirit
and chic. In her red, red gown, with the
fluffy lingerie and black hose of sin.
Miss Esmond is a strikingly elective
picture. But Miss McAllister, 'though
last. Is most. Miss McAllister has the
part of the mother-in-law, and Is
"spiffin" — as brother-in-law puts It —
therein. The actress very cleverly
keeps without the comic papers carica
ture. It is an excellent bit of real
character acting, of a fussy, suspicious,
mischief-making old "meddlesome Mat
ty."
Howard Gould has the part of Hum
mlngtop and is, perhaps, happier when
less mendaciously employed. He is a
little heavy at moments, but quite sat
isfying in the more strenuous situa
tions, and there are mostly situations
erf the kind. Me Vicars Is agreeable as
Ormerod. Oberle clever a3 Hobson, and
Miss Maxwell, Miss Bacon and Mr.
Mestayer fill in usefully.
BLANCHE PARTLN'GTON.
The California is taking care of the
farce this week — Sydney Grundy calls
i his "Prince of Liars" a comedy, but no
matter — and very well the versatile
company at the back of it is handling
the — farce. Those that want to laugh
cannot <io better than go to see the
Oliver Moroscos. For one thins, they
will not have another chance. Tncse
are the last nights of the popular or
ganization, and the theater itself, by
the way, is to be closed after Saturday
night until August. /
'The Prince . of Liars" is the 'old
"Arablan Nights" brought to date, its
plot the perennially amusing one of the
mendacious husband and the meddle
some mother-in-law. Perhaps the
"Man ; From Mexico" is a more iri
descent story-teller, but Arthur Hum
mingtop's scraps with the truth are
j quite sufficiently enlivening. He is
comparatively innocent. Fired by read-
I ing the 'Arabian Nights" — and perhaps
; a drop of the whisky that is so perslst
j ently advertised during the piece — the
j gentleman dons a store beard and
j slouch hat a*nd goes forth to seek ad
; ventures. He finds 'em. As Haroun
; al-Raschid he rescues a distressed
! damsel who has lost her way — regular
; ly, it appears later. They have a heart
: to-heart chat for an hour or two and
: then he leaves her at her door with
j his handkerchief tucked round her
i neck. But mother-in-law has been at
! the marking ink. There t« Humming
! top's name and address both on the
\ hanky and the lady — "Rosie, the Gutta
| Percha Girl," address, the Aquarium —
i brings it back in the morning. Mr.
; Grundy makes the most of the ensuing
'¦ possibilities.
of "The Mormons" -last night. They
worked earnestly and with intelligence
to make the most of the material fur
nished them by the author, but what
they made of it fell far short of adding
it to the season's dramatic successes.
For whatever hits were scored the in
terpolated matter was solely respon
sible. When the players got away
from the book and introduced busi
ness of their own manufacture they
lightened up the gloom.
Among the specialties that brought
recalls was Edna Aug*s imitation of
Elfie Fay, who was headlined at the
Orpheum last season as ,**The Crazy
Soubrette." Some of the folk who
were awakened from sedateness by the
Imitation declared that it was several
degrees crazier than the original. Tork
and Adams created hilarity by poking
into the second act some of the
parodies and duologues that they had
tried and found not wanting in vaude
ville. Al Fields succeeded better than
any of his colleagues in making fun
out of his allotted lines, and Ben Dil
lon, the ever reliable, came a close
second in that herculean task. Freda
Gallick sang three songs and got
thrice as many floral tributes. Mr.
Clark's singing of "Let All Obey" was
the vocal gem of the show. Stage
Manager Jones upholstered and cos
tumed the piece artistically.
The run of "The Mormons" Is in
definite.
Arrangements Are Practi
cally Complete for the En
campment at Santa Cruz
Fair Managers Take Advan
' tage of Wording of Agree
ment With Government
Woman Stenographer Comes
Forward as a Witness
for 3Irs. "Xan" Patterson
Morosco s Players Present Farce Comedy
Full of Sydney Grundy's Telling Humor-
New Bills at Alcazar and Other Houses
SAYS SHE SAW
YOUNG KILLED
CADETS FINISH
THEIR PLANS
CONGRESS M UST
WAIT FOR COIN
"THE PRINCE OF LIARS" MAKES
LAUGHTER AT THE CALIFORNIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1904.
Fischer's.
Fischer's comedians were entitled to
exclusive credit for whatever plaudits
were drawn during the- performance
9
SPECIAL MATINEE TOMORROW AT 2
REGULAR MATINEE SATCRDAT.
TO-NIGHT at 8 Sharp.
DAVID BELASCO
PRESENTS MRS.
LKUE CARTER
Ia His New Kay,
SEATS FOB TTTTRT) AND LAST W££Z
BEAST THURSDAY.
PRICES— «2.CO. 11.50. fl.CO. T3c and 30c.
DOLUM_63A m^mk
Cp to «r.d tadudtaK PatnrtJay XlghL
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Last Six Nights
m SOTHERN
UmifMnut Daai«I F*rolnn&n.
Ia Jnatln Huntly McCarthy ¦ Miracle Play.
THE PROUD PRINCE.
Oakland theateryo«n : Note — Mr. Scthern will
not visit Oakland this season.
This theater will b« closed tolas the week*
of June 27 and July 4.
July 11 — ETHEL BAMTMOai.
CALIFORNIA
J^L PAKWttL WEE JC fe^
— OP TXCE — "^
¦ OLITEB MOSOSCO COX?AHT, g
« PrMeattar tie rttaalcst rare* O
1 Etw Wrttua. ¦
1 1 A PRINCE OF LIARS j I
fl T.AST BAHGAI3 StATXSTEE f|
I s * HOTE. — After next Saturday 5
ti?i: tie CallXornla will dote for H
the nimmar, reopeaia? %or the H
reynlar ie*sca on Anrurt 7. Our- I
H iatr thim tlae tie Tiemter can t>« m
f^ rented for Concerta. etc B \
THIS WEEK
Every Ett». ; M»ti"ee» Hat. and Fun.
The Hilariously Funny Burlesque.
The Mormons |
SO — Specialties and Boroltlu — 60
New and BeautiXul Seesery aad Costumes.
Our "All Star" Burlesque Cast — Edna Aue\
Fre<l» Oallick. Garrity Slaters, York* and
Adans. Al Fields, Edwin Clark, Bea Dillon.
Roy Alton.
Licasl Lawrenw't "Eltht Radlam Gtria."
Splendid Chorus of 40 Voice*.
Special MaUnee July 4.
game Popular Prte—.
DfllarP DONT FAIL TO |
lalaWV fee fht beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/!fm room, the EMPIRE
auu parlor, the
r J PALM ROOM, the >
llf/tfifl LOUIS XV PAR-
ui anu LOR Mnd the LA .
U . i DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
POSTTJH CERZAIte
A/p&^ O your cwn afiatr, of coarsr, bet still a crirn: to pet a drtz? into
B mm^ /F^\ your stomach that may cps et your nervous system and bring' on
fa"* I| H H a » HI a!I kinds of ails sach as the coffee drinker usually knows. Ths
& *»O«&»^^ result may be only a slight form of d"5?ep?ia, or i: may be or-
. panic heart or kidney trouble or nervous prostration, for science
— "^ ""^^™^^™^"^"^"^™ 1 Jas proved that the drugs in coffee DIRECTLY attack tha
nerves, stomach, heart and kidneys. If the nervous trouble ends
in sore eyes or piles don't be surprised, for coffee has been
: * PROVED to be the cause of these and other obscure troubles.
A ® t3 ' n co^ ee>s place io days of a rebuilding agent that h positively
Jwl fcs^f^H^I <#9^ II ALL FOOD and no: at all a drug usually shows bi? results fog
#"*^ I! li ifinl I the bctter ' and th2t ' 3 JU5t PO5TU M'S job— to rebuild all ths
jfc 4^ J^ £^9W broken down nerve cells in brain and nerve centers'. The trial
is pleasant, for well boiled POSTUM h?5 the fine color and su $-
gests the flavor of the highest grade of Old Government Javj
and when served with rich cream is simply delicious. In a few
days the old coffee ails dis appear and you find yon have come ta
like delicious POSTUM for its own flavor and for the satisfied,
well-fed feeling that follows the use of this true food-drink,
\ 7 J* A Js aIways ' m POSTU^'S favor for the reason thaf after to da-«
I HO \/ % or 50 tJ:e in05t fa5titi ' 0U5 willnotmiss the cofee, for POSTUM
* *Aw ? w* \A«\^%^ j,^ cntirely taken its place so far as the palate goes and Body,
¦¦ "™^^^ Km^^^^^ Brain and Nerves feel as if you have taken a new lease on life,
a taste of the delicious glow of health that cannot possibly coma
, . so long as a destroying agent like coffee is made a part of tha
daily diet. No matter how well you feel if you drink coffee, yotj
will feel better if you, cut out the coffee and drink well-boiled
POSTUM in its place. Possibly you would like a taste of
THe Joy of Living'
Then Put Aside the Drug-drink For a Short WhOe and Try
POSTUM
and even io days' trial will show really biz improvement, for there is a great, grand message to humanity ia
POSTUM and it will not taLi long\to show even in the worst, sickest, broken-down coffee toper. Don't sit
on the fence and howl, "Nonsense. coTee don't hurt me; why, I've drank it all my life," but make a little
trial that will prove something. If yen say, like thousands of others, "Coffee don't hurt," yon are only guess-
ing. Tlje reward is BIG if you do find out you're wrong, and io days* trial of POSTUM
*'~"\. * ' " . '- -' ' • ' :.' - *. '*-<•¦'---. - - ¦ '• .'•.'-
SHOW
There's a Reason.
CW Get the little book, "The Road to Wellville." in each pkg.
World's Fair Exhibit. Space 103, "Agricultural Building.
AMUSTrMFyTS.
nAAI&l Performance
y) yic\j Begins at
HOOD ™ L ' AT
IIUU8J I TRIUMPH
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION.
BEJLirnFTTL. &:EXERT.
SLTER3 COSTCMES.
A2TD TIE GREAT CAST.
E*atj alwajTi eelltr.c — 25c. 5Cc. T3c.
ITauai Tlroa Pric*» — Only Matisee Eat^r.
ANOTHER BIgIvEYV SHOW!
HELEN BERTRAM
Foster &si Fotter; Sovt aa.d Scott; 2ar-
:ct Trio; G racer as. 4 Bsraett; Agoust,
Vestoa aad CosipaAy; Eiii* Ecrca aad
Cc^pasy; &omjml Trio; "Kil«," Tou-
ter"« Soft »s4 Orplncra XKottcn Fic-
tsres. Ehowlr.j' Efr.tw ol thm S. T.
rrar: sepabtkevt.
:.-«.-. .j..- zziV.r.** Every Wedaesiay, Thuri-
iar. fatariay aa<l Suaday. Prices, 10c, 25c
and S<V.
ALCAZAR "pffSs"
General Macafer.
TO-ariOKT— KATS. THTTB. k SAT.
Clyde FltcH'a F«iaoc» PaxtcnJ Co&Kir.
| OVERS' | ANE
G»crr»ecg PrrxiuctlCTi — Great Cast.
Last W«k cf Slock Coi=pa=y Season.
Urt. Sc tc 73c. Mat* Thar*. A. Sat., 23c to 3»c
Sext Honiay— The Zlctsasttc Actor.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
Opes* Susaer E&cafement ta
80I.DIXKS OP rOKTUJTE.
£EATS NOW SELXJXO.
CENTRAL*!?
Market Street, Near Elrhth. Pbose South Z2X
TO-JfTGHT— ALL THIS U'EHK.
MATINEES aA.TTRI>AT AND SUNBAT.
Marsi£c»iit Spectacular Prodaction cf Georse
R. S'..T '« Tvsoom Masterpiece.
"LIGHTS O' LONDON"
£t=pe=4cs» Eeesle Ejects. Lcaica Bri<I« by I
N*fet.
Tall BtrenaiA Cestral Etock Ccwpanr.
TESTIMONIAL BENEFIT WEEK.
Tor th« Di«tln«^i*he4 Veteraa Actor
L. B- gTOCKWELI,
Wh« Appear* la th« Celebrated Bole cf Jarria.
tie Tbespiaa.
pDirEC Tx^ttisga 10c ta SOc
lAIVLJ Matiaeefl 10c, 15c. 25c
Week Jca« 27— POTTER OF THE CROSS.
BRAND0W~AND WILEY,
m a Spleaiid Saow Erery ATtcraoooa
ari Sreslar ta the Taeater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
XXYZATTT&E El.ECms.IC BATT.ROAD.
irTwll Vli »nJ Her BABX MONKET la the
Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET tE LA MORT.
iUxr th« PNEUMATIC STMFaONY O3-
CHESTRIOS.
AHATBTTB HICHT THUKSDAT. ¦
Aisiitiiao. 10c: Children. 5c.
The WeeHy CalL
6i per Yea?* {
ADVZBT15£2o~EXTS.
Ce*>O9« 99989 S 3 ZOO -S33S3 3 3 3SSO 3S3 2 C G 099099(990093
t 818-820 Market tt. San Francisco §
§ To=MorrOW pj>ppU.S.Poste 9 c Stamps I
• fwr a a \ va -» JL -' on all purchases in %
g O ur Stationery Department to %
o is OUT amount 0! 20c or more. §
I Double Day. Dovblcon Wednesday |
o BLACK PETTICOATS. VEILINGS. •
m MerWrlXfd Black rcttleoats. fuH 2Sc, 35c ar.d 50c Tuxedo Veilinps: a
T widths, wide arccrdeoa flounce special 1 1o X
• ar..i tucked ruS?. P.eg. $1.50: **~~ l \ '„ , 2
C eiecial D3c Thousands of yards of this most 9
9 * popular weave of Lac \>il!n-s. 0
• CORSETS. «ome plain, some dotted, to-dnv. . Q
q \ Tic a
!T AB»r!fsn Beauty Girdle T*pe. !r
** French make; special tISe 2
*? Thnapjor.'s Corsets. Regular price r>mp:err»v ®
9 J1.50; ?p*ciaJ 93c CHIrTO.Y 0
iivncniicnn Extra ncalitv of Chiffon Veiling, all 9
O UNDERWEAR. shsrlps. Rep. 40c; special. r>er 9
9 I.ii<»i-s- White Musl'.n Skirts— ard 2."»C 9
9 !>Oc JS1. 13 $1.23 S2.25 Collar and Cuff S*ts. in white lawn: 9
9 while they last. Worth 13c: on 9
9 HOSIERY. Mi* Re 9
• A ftr.# line of Ladles' Hcjriery. in "I" 1 s ''* r> *y i IT !y '£ e Foundations. O
9 lace aid far.cy stripes- special.. in white and black. Special.. Gc 9
• v ¦¦• ¦ 2'»c 9
S ._ 4-PIECE TEA SET, S8.25. %
O FTRFWnPK\f Teapot Spnoner. Cr*am and Susrar S>
0 iUVLiff UlMliJ* Ftowl: Homai best quadruple O
0 OnClITAlM/C • Plate: hand er.^raved. Rep. nrice Q
o HREW0BK5! ! M^-^yy >=>.»:¦ ss.25 9
g urr TOTnr^^AMEitxcA cex*- SPOON TRAY. g
0 Oat Prices tsl Ocr Oral Special I Q'J*drup> bead edere com burnished o
0 ladticesieat. Ba<ml. Reg. value J3.00: Bp*ci*l:. g
.j Tcrped-ve*. Torpedo Canes. Blank J?2.U3 q
Z Cartridge Canes. Torpedo Marbles. 2
_ Pistols. Kar:jro Clubs. Dewey gm j_ _ small nlof^o nf *%
9 Bombs. Torpedo Teps. Firecracker | 7)0 5ma»l ptese OT ©
9 esd Prrwder Car.r.ons. Fireworks j v v mOnCV. but it bUVS anV X
S £r d S££- ers A "° rteu *"• of the following goods: %
0 43c 73c S1.OO Nail Brueh Coat Kar.ffers— wocd 9
0 S2.OO .<n.3O *3.OO | E« Beater and wire Q
A A fonp>t» !!-<• of Flaars. Lanterns j cand> «tick Ftove Po!!«h a
)l ar.4 Decorating- Material Only > n ,i. ;-,",__ <~*!r* Oatter* 2
• th« best roods and at lowest j „ _ x , " Ch.moisi Skin Wa- «
9 c-ces. • 1 ie * Stri!r '« >r «c» Cleaners 9
0 !»*»«»¦ Tack* — all Jci=Js Asb<»?tn« Mat ' Q
2 35c JUVENILE BOOKS 15c. I SfV^C £ , S » tr e
9 Christy Ves. Ksives ffkiminers
0 The following elejrar.t cloth-bound | Potato Ma»her Vegetable Grater* 0
0 book.*, illuminated fronts, in col- j 0
A ored i^k- profusely illustrated I _...«- —.~..~~. nAM ..^~..,<. O
2 with frontispiece ia colors, a I THE BRIST BOOMERANG. 0
9 dsa:ae giU f0r anr < i hild - ?K; The most recent and justly popular 0
O cai ioc outdo«ir eame: fascinates both 9
Z AesoD'i Fat'.ea Rctinsca prase* younff and old; can be played sin- A
«k «oth«»r G<^« Galliver;. Travel. gIe or sets Try lt _ 9
O I-i-» of Ctrtrt B'.ack B«auty " .0
0 AntMS N!jrtit« Nursery Taie« Bojraerang'' — q
a Pi'.rrtms' Pro»r-e«i Aaiersen Fairy Ta!»« j U.".«' JI3c 3Oc T3c A
Jf Alice !n 'Wctidertand Criinin'* Fairy Tal<« I Ralcahs -?
™ Tfc« Little Lame Woods' Natural His- \ " —t\~ — '1« ei t\f\ T
O tn-iss Fa=i!y Rab- Throirh the Lock- Can be played with a simple 23c 0
q !r»ca l=« Glaaa B*?omerar.g. q
2 K31VKS. RAZORS AID SHEARS OKOTT3TO ASD SEFAIX£S. $
9 KCTCBE raAKXS OF ALL DESCKIPTIOh'S MADE TO OSDEB, g
999999999999 9999999999999909999999 99999999999Late Shipping Intelligence.
i SAN BERNARDINO. June 20. —
William Boxall, who shot Capitalist
Charles R. Lloyd of Berkeley Janu
ary 19, came into court for the third
trial this morning and Withdrew his
plea of. not guilty, substituting a plea
of guilty of assault with a deadly
weapon, which was accepted by the
District Attorney. This afternoon
Judge York reviewed the case, Includ
ing two former trials where the ju
ries disagreed, and sentenced Baxall
to pay a fine of $400, giving him until
September 1 to pay.
Young Man Accused of Shooting Cap
italist Lloyd Pleads Guilty and
r ; ;' Gets Light Sentence.
COURT FINES BOXALL AND
GIVES HIM TIME TO PAY
CHICAGO, June 20.— All estimates of
money won by \V. M. Scheftel, owner
of High Ball, that won the Derby on
Saturday, fall ridiculously below the
real mark. The New York stockbroker
won $320,000 on the victory of his colt,
according to his own statement while
dining with friends last night. .
"I began betting on High Ball with
Eastern bookmakers when High Ball's
price was as good as 30 to 1," said he.
"More than $300,000 in wagers and
nearly $27,000 from the purse was my
good fortune. Of course the trip here
was a costly one. taking about $10,000
off my winnings."
\V. M. Scheftel, Owner of the Great
. Horse, Cleans Up a Total
of $320,000. '. s
WINS A VAST FORTUNE ' i
ON HIGH BALL'S VICTORY
terday afternoon on the Egffer Bros.'
milk ranch near Columbia Slough,
but it Was stopped by the police.
Humane Ofllcer Resing found six
bulls on the ground and ordered
Adolph Egger not to hold the fight. A
number of tickets had been sold and
a crowd was beginning to gather when
the officer arrived.
PORTLAND. Or., June 20.— A bull
fight was scheduled to come off yes-
Plans to Hold an Exhibition Near
Portland Arc Thwarted as
Crowd Gathers.
POLICE ARRIVE AND
STOP A BULL FIGHT
First Race — Virgo, Consnclo II,
Limerick.
Second Racc^ — Sparkling Star, Paget
entry, Gilpin.
Third Races — Mimosa, Julia M, Tou
pce.
Fourth Race — Stalwart, Dolly
Spanker, Broomstick.
Fifth Race — Colts entry. Flying
Buttress, Whineroy.
Sixth Race — Grey Friar, Ben JIac
Dhui, Carbuncle.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
VICTIM OF MISPLACED CONFIDENCES. —
Mm. LUlie Mlllerlck. 2420 Gough street, com
plained to the police yesterday that while at
the Terminal Hotel, Halght and Stanyan
streets, on Sunday afternoon she gave her
purse containing $10 to a young man to hold
and he walked away with it. She had not eeen
the young man before and could not give an
accurate description of him.
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Skirmleh won, Sir Dougal second Meteora
third. Time. l:09i;.
Second race, four and a half furlongrs, sell
ing — Aurora n won. MacFlecknoe second, Maud
Sherwood third. Time, :B5.
Third race, live and a half furlongs, selling —
Agnes Mack won. Educate second, St. Phll- V
liplna third. Time, l:08>4.
Fourth race, one mile, selling — Dandle Beile
won. Kolllck second, Ulloa third. Time. 1:43.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Hlpponax
won, Dorlce second. Northwest third. Time.
l-.m;.
Sl^th* race, one mile and 100 yards, selling-
Past Master won AH About second, Canejo
third. Time, 1-.48&.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 20.— Summary at
the Meadows:
Results at Seattle.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.. June 20. —
The entry list for the Grand American
handicap inanimate target match is
the largest ever booked for a similar
event in the country. There are 375
guns entered from all parts of the
United States. The weather to-day Is
tultry and cloudy. ¦ The runs were on
the range early practicing and ac
quainting themselves with the condi
tions and surroundings. To-morrow
the sweepstakes shooting wiU take
place.
Entries for Target Handicap.
The baseball twirler should kt«p
keyed up to the highest pitch-
Resolved, . That the State publicity commit
tee of the California Promotion Commttttee
Bhall receive Its funds from the different coun
ties of the State In such manner as may be
agreed on later. It shall be the duty of the
committee to make a complete financial report
of Its work seml-annually to each county fur
nishing funds.
SACRAMENTO, June 20. — At the
meeting of promoters from various
sections of the State held at Sacra
mento the following resolutions were
adopted:
"Whereas, It In desirable to mor« thoroughly
co-operate to bring about still better jesults
and to systematize, the work of advertising tne
State of California; it Is
Resolved.- That a committee of nine be ap
pointed to be known as the State publicity
committee of the California Promotlbn Com
mltte. That this committee be made up of one
representative from each of the following we
0 8an°Francl8co; San Francisco Bay— AIam*>
da Marln Napa. Contra Costa counties: Sacra
mento Valley — Slsklyou. Shasta. Tehama.
Olenn, Butte Nevada. Yuba, Sutter, Colusa,
Yolo Placer Sacramento. Solano, El Dorado
counties: Sa'n Joaquln Valley— San Joaquln
Stanislaus. Merced. Madera, Fresno, Kings,
Tularc, Kern Manposa counties; central coast
—San Mateo Santa Clara. Santa Cruz. San
Benlto Monterey, San Luie Obispo counties;
south of Tchachapl— Los Angeles, San Bernar
dino, Orange. Riverside. San Diego counties;'
south coast — Santa Barbara. Ventura counties;
north coast — Lake, Mendocino. Humboldt, Trin
ity, Del Norte. Sonoma counties; Sierras — Mo
doc. Lassen. Amador, Alpine. Calaveras, Tuo
lumne. Mono, lnyo. Plumas, Sierra counties.
Said' representatives to be appointed by th«
chairman of this meeting, said appointment to
be ratified by the sections herein named.
Resolved, That this committee be authorized
to plan an advertising campaign for the State
of California and to report such plan when
completed to every development organization of
the State. It Is contemplated that this plan
will provide for the advertising of the State at
large In such ways as may be devised by the
committee. It Is further
Special Committee of Nine Is Chosen
to Assist lii Advertising
Resources. ->
INTERIOR COUNTIES TO
AID STATE PROMOTION
CHICAGO, June 20.— Rumors that
the racing season- at Washington Park
would terminate with the last race to
morrow were heard in all of the places
where sporting men congregate this
afternoon and to-night, and every at
tempt to secure a denial or confirma
tion of the story from the officials of
the club was futile.
If the racing season comes to a sud
den end to-morrow afternoon it will
be due to the stand which Mavor Har
rison has taken on the betting ques
tion. His decree that there be no bet
ting, and the rigid manner in which
the police have enforced it, has led to
diminishing crowds.
Rumor That Track May Close.
OLD SOLDIERS YIELD
TO INVASION OF WO3IEN
Army of the Fair Sex Swoops Down
on Camp Pardee and Veterans
Capitulate.
PETALUMA, June 20.— Monday
was a big day at Camp Pardee. An
army of women Invaded the camp and
the, old soldiers were obliged to sur
render. The ladies were then invested
with supreme military authority and
greatly enjoyed the novelty of being
in command of a military camp. Tues
day will be Calistoga, St. Helena and
Napa day at the camp. N. Conner
will be officer of the day. There will
be a programme in the afternoon and
evening. The band will give a con
cert and a dance will be given in the
pavilion.
DENVER. June 20.— A decision given by th»
State Supreme Court to-day affirmed the con
stitutionality of the Inheritance tax law.
Commutes Sentence of Disbarment to
Suspension From Practice for
Few Months.
HONOLULU, June 20. — The new
Supreme Court has commuted th»
sentence of disbarment passed upon
G. A. Davis to suspension from prac
tice until next October.
G. A. Davis is a well-known attor
ney of Honolulu. He was disbarred
from practice in the courts of the Ter
ritory last August for his connection
with the case of John K. Summer, an
aged capitalist, whose relatives sought
to secure his estate. Davis took th«
matter of his disbarment to President
Roosevelt, but was informed that th«
President had no power to lnterfer*
wlfh the action of the court.
The schooner Ingomar, owned by
Morton F. Plant of New York, was the
first to reach the winning port, arriv
ing here at 2:21 o'clock this morning,
upward of two hours ahead of the
cutter Clara, but the American
schooner was -scratch boat and had to
«llow all competitors handicaps,
ranging from five to nine and one
half hours.
HELIGOLAND, June 20. — Dr. J. O.
Douglas-Kerr's yawl Valdora was the
winner of the race for the Emperor
.TViUiam cup over the course from Do
ver to Heligoland, which started Sun
day morning'. The cutter Nicandra,
owned by John Ferguson, was second;
Richard Lee's yawl Wendru third and
Ketch Cariad fourth.
Beating: All Competitors.
can Schooner Ingomar From
Heavy Handicap Prevent* the Ameri-
YAWL VALDORA CAPTURES
EMPEROR WILLIAM CUP
First Race — The Druggist, Loyal
Street, Dipper.
Second Race — Bride, Tom Kilcy,
Lile Noel.
Third Race — Dishabille, Princess
Orna, Monaco Maid.
Fourth Race — Mattie H, Elastic,
TlKine.
Fifth Race — Jerry Hunt, Caterpil
lar, Mohave.
Sixth Race — Easter Walters, Mem
phian, Wall.
FAIR GROUNDS SELECTIONS.
tine AJ Telephone.
Second Race — Airship, Ivan the
Terrible, Olseau.
Third Race — The Mist, Regale, Peg-
K y O'Neill.
Fourth Race — Phil Finch, Talpa,
BraKS-
Fifth Race — A. D. Gibson. Sylvia
Talbot, Clifton Force.
First Race — Titicy Crawford, Chris-
WASHINGTON PARK SELECTIONS.
SUPREME COURT SHOWS
MERCY TO LAWYER DAVIS
Billy Roche, representing the Hayes
Valley Athletic Club, succeeded last
night in matching Eddie Hanlon and
"Battling" XelFon for a twenty round
SO in this city in the latter part of next
month. The boxers will weigh in at
130 pounds at 6 o'clock.
Roche has been dickering with the
boxers for some time and last night he
received a telegram from Hanlon stat
ing he was willing to take Xelson on
at 130 pounds at 6 o'clock. This suited
Nelson, though he has been holding out
for more weight. Hanlon is in New
York, but will leave for this city a
week from to-day.
Will Box Under Auspices of Hayes
Valley Club Next Month.
11AXLOX AND XEL.SOX MATCHED.
Fourth race one mile, handicap — Phil Finch
85 Haveland 9S, Talpa 102. Huzzah 105. Beau
Ormonde 10S. Bragg 109. Port Royal 110.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Komombo 08, Char
ley Miller 98, Villager 101. Clifton Forge 104,
Sylvia Talbot 107. A. D. Gibson 116.
Third race, five furlongs. Lakeside stakes —
Seasick 110. Aunt Katherine 110, Lady Lasca
115, Peggy O'Neal 115. Voltrlce 115, afum lift,
Rfgale 115, The Mist US. Belle KInney 118,
Intense 118. Mies Inez 120, La Londa 120.
Second race, five furlongs — Walter Arnold
113 Ivan the Terrible 113, Florentine 113, John
Smulskl 118. Olseau 118. Airship 118.
First race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Durbar 81, Telephone SS, General Steward
86, Apple 90, Mariln 9C. Glorlosa 98. Lacy
Crawford 98 Rankin 90, Valeat 99, Frank Mac
100, Christine A 100, Pledrich 105. Solon 100.
CHICAGO EXTRIES.
Washington 8 7 0
Philadelphia 11 16 2
Batteries — Jaoobeon. Orth and Drill; Henley
and Schreck.
PHILADELPHIA, June 20.— Philadelphia
won to-day's game easily from Washington by
hard hitting. Davis and Noonan, the new
players from Holy Cross College, were com
pelled to retire from the game because of in
juries. Attendance. 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI, June 20. — Slagl«s muff of
Peitz's fly in the fourth inning gave the locals
two of their three runs and decided the game.
Chicago had the most rr.en on ba^es, but could
not score them. Attendance, 3S00. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 8 3
Chicago 1 7 1
Batteries — Harper and* Peltt; Briggi an!
Kline. Umpire — Moran.
BT. LOUIS, June 20. — Nichols shut out
Plttfburg here to-day in a cleanly played
game. Only one error *>i made and the work
of both teams was fast. Attendance. 3S0O.
Score:
R. H. E.
St Louis 3 8 I
Pittsburg 0 5 0
Batteries— Nichols and McLean; Flaherty
and Smith. Umpire— O* Day.
NEW YORK. June 20. — New Tork won an
eapy victory over Brooklyn to-day. Poole. who
pitched for six innings, received poor support,
Babb making no lea* than five errors. Iteldy
relieved Poole in the seventh. Attendance,
3000. Score :
. R. H. E.
Brooklyn 4 10 8
New York 12 13 2
Batteries — Reldy, Poole and Rltter; Mathew
son and Bowerman. Umpires — Zlmmer and
Entslle.
BOSTON. June 20. — Philadelphia won the.
flrst game to-day and Boston the second. The
afternoon game abounded In brilliant fielding
playg. Philadelphia's outfielders and the Bos
ton lnflelders divided the honors In the first
game. Long hits by Cooley scored six of Bos
ton's runs in the second game. Attendance,
&TOO. Scores :
First came — R. H. E.
Philadelphia 6 9 2
Boston 3 5 1
Batteries^ — DugglH»y. Dooln and Roth; Car
ney, Plttinser and Norman.
Second game — R, H. B.
Boston 9 10 0
Philadelphia 0 10 1
Batteries — "Wilhelm and*Needham; Fraser
and Dooln. UmpIre^ — Johnstone.
NATIONAL LEAGUE,
ST. LOUJS ENTRIES.
FIr»t race, four and a half furlongs — Loyal
Street 111, Walpole 10S, Dipper 108. Presenta
tion JOS. Mellwood 108, Rusa 103, Pillar 100.
The Druggist 100.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Lacaehe
107, Charlie Grainger 104, Feronla 100. Daddy
Bender 97. Tom Klley 96, Burrows 91; Bride
89 Pocaset 89. Flrbane 86, Minnie Johnson 84,
Gayaao 84, Llla Noel S4.
Third race, three furlongs — Mary Primm
104 Monaco Maid 104. Miss Powell 1W. Prin
cess Orna J04. DUhabllle 104.
Fourth race six furlongs, handicap — Elastic
124, Thane 109. Mattie H 106. Warte Nlcht
102, Mainspring 100. Footlights Favorite 98,
Autumn Leaves 97, Alice Turner 05, Mardella
04, Clear the Arena 90.
Fifth race. tU furlongs, selling— Dr. Kier
110. Jerry Hunt 100. dales 109. Rush Reuben
100 Stump Town 108. Mohave 1<W. Caterpillar
104.' Duela 102, Slytlyer 102. Shortcake 95,
Sol Smith 92.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, «*11
ln K _V\-all 1CS, Barca 107. Memphian 107. Echo
Dale 106. Eleven Bella 101, Wolfram 99, Goo
Goo 97, Easter Walters 87.
UKIAH, June 20. — The town of
Hopland suffered heavy loss by fire
last night. The fire started in Buck
man's livery stable and is supposed to
have been incendiary. The livery sta
ble burned with sixteen head of horses
and nearly all its rigs. Grant & Har
ris' general merchandise store, ths
postofflce, Dooley's restaurant, John
son's barber shop and a saloon were
destroyed. Most of the buildings
burned were property of H. P. Buck
man. Insurance only partly covers
the loss. The damage is estimated at
$15,000.
Work of an Incendiary Causes a I.o-s
of $15,000 in Mcndocino
Town.
FIRE DESTROYS MANY
HOUSES IN HOPLAND
It was necessary for Douglas to
walk a great distance to secure help,
which was sent from Wadsworth. The
damage was easily repaired, though i
delay of several hours was the resuit.
Douglas and his wife state that th*
500-mile trip was uneventful except
for the heat and the one accident.
RENO. New, June 20. — R. L. Dous
las and wife arrived in Reno this even
ing in their automobile. They are
from the World's Fair en route to
their home at Virginia City and made
the trip in the machine from Ogden
across the big desert. A number of
miles east of Wadsworth and far frora
any habitation their automobile broke
down in the heavy sands.
Virginia City Man ami Wife Have Dis
agreeable Experience Traveling
Westward From Ogden.
AUTO BREAKS DOWN
OX THE DESERT WASTE
(National League.) j (American League.)
W.L. Pet.! W.L. Pet.
New York 3S 16 .6J><V Boston 34 17 .067
Cincinnati ...33 19 .635, New Tork...2S 21 .571
Chicago 31 IS .<iT<i Chicago 20 23 .MS
PlUJburg ...27 25 .510 'Cleveland ...26 21.653
St Louis 25 25. 50i)j Philadelphia .27 23 .540
Boston 21 SI .401 St. Louis 23 24 .483
Brooklyn 21 33 .8891 Detroit 20 2S .417
Philadelphia .11 37 .22»J Washington . 0 38 .18S
•avid" Nichols Pilches Grand Ball
Against Plttsburg Champions,
Wanking Them.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
SLAGEIAS BAD MUFF ALLOWS
THE KEDS TO BEAT CHICAGO
SEATTLE, June 20. — Seattle won the
last game with the Los Angeles cham
pions to-day, thus making the series
a tie. Baum, who pitched such a good
game against the Siwashes on his first
appearance, was driven to the woods in
three innings. Ten men went to the.
bat in the second inning, five hits were
made and five runs scored. Captain
Flood finished the game In the box.
He was touched ur> for eight hits, but
held the runs down to five.
Shields came within a hair's breadth
of making a record. Up to the ninth
inning Los Angeles had only one hit
and not a base on balls had been given
by Shields. In the ninth Toman hit
for two bases and Flood got a base
on balls. No runs were scored, how
ever, as Shields, contrary to his usual
custom, held his nerve and scored a
shut put. The score:
Seattle— I Los Angeles—
AB.R.H. P.A.| ABR. H. PA.
VanH.cf. 6 2 2 3 O.Toman.s 4 0 12 2
Mohler.2b 6 13 4 3lFId.2b-p. 3 0 0 2 "
Dlhty.3b. 8 12 1 l|Whlr.3b. 4 O 1 O O
FrUk.lf.. 2 111 0 Brd.cf-2b 4 0 0 14
Smlth.rf. 4 0 12 0 Crvth.rf. 3 O O 2 O
Brhear.lb 4 12 8 IChase.lb 2 O 0 8 1
Hall.s... 4 2 2 0 2 Ross.lf. . 3 0 0 4 1
Blknsp.o 5 3 3 8 0 Eagar.c. 3 0 0 4 1
Shlelds.p. 4 2 2 0 2Bam,p-cf 3 0 0 11
Totals 41 13 18 27 0 l Totals 23 0 2 24 13
RUNS AND HITS BT INNING3.
Seattle '. ..0 5 3 2 1 0 0 2 x— 13
Base- hits 1 6 4 3 2 0 0 3 x— 13
Los Angeles 0 O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — f>
Base hits 0 0000010 1—2
SUMMARY.
Errors — Toman 2. Wheeler, Delehanty. Ross,
Eagar. Earned runs — Seattle 6. Two-base hit
: — Toman. Stolen bases — Van Haltren 2. Moh
ler 2. Delehanty, Smith. Blankenship 2. Sac
rifice hit* — Smith. Hall. Struck out — By
Shields 7, by Baum 3. Hits — On" Baum 10 off
Flood 8. Passed ball— Eagar. Hit by pitched
ball— By Shields 1. by Baum 1, by Flood 1.
Left on bases — Seattle 10, Los Angeles 3. First
base on called balls — Off Shields 1. off Baum
1. off Flood 1. Time of game — Oile hour and
42 minutes. Umpires — McDonald and Mc-
Carthy.
llunroe's plans are unsettled. His
manager, Harry Pollock, wired to sev
eral theatrical managers yesterday in
an endeavor to make some arrange
ments for a starring trrur for the miner.
If he does not succeed in getting what
he wants, Munroe will remain in the
city till the fight. Pollock will prob
ably leave for the East to-day or to
mcrrrow and in the meantime Billy
Roche will look out for Munroe's . in
terests.
Jfffries will leave Harbin Springs to
day and go to Oakland, where he will
rest his injured knee and have it
treated gradually so that he will be
ready to fight when time is called. He
¦will not leave the State before the
battle and will probably return to Har
bin again to train for the encounter.
Van Court came into the place load
ed down with bills. He flashed the big
roll in a triumphant manner and an
nounced that as long as there was so
much talk about Jeffries not having
the price and so forth, he would show
'cm all by ignoring a check altogether
end bringing forth the real coin.
Pollock Insisted on a 50000 forfeit,
and when this was made known to
Van Court he looked disappointed. He
stated that he understood that 52500
vas the specified sum and accordingly
went to the bank and drew that
amount. After a discussion it was
agreed that 52500 would do. provided
that 52500 more be deposited by each
man on August 1.
Jeffries was represented by De Witt
Van Court, and Pollock appeared for
the miner. A large crowd of sporting
men was oresent to see that the deal
vent through all right and each one
seemed satisfied when the 53000 was
turned over to the stakeholder, Harry
Corbett.
Th» flret step toward bringing Jim
Jeffries and Jack Munroe together for
the heavyweight championship of the
world next August was taken last
night at Harry Corbett's when repre
ecntativefc of the two boxers got to
gether and posted forfeits of $2300 each,
guaranteeing the appearance of the
men in the ring. Manager Harry Pol
lock, representing Munroe, originally
Insisted on a 55000 forfeit, but finally
consented to 52600 with the provision
that the balance be put up on Aug
ust J.
Pacific Coast League.
W. L. Pet., WL t p , c i;
Tacoma ....46 35 .568 Seattle ....42 j. .5o-
Oakland ...45 35 .5C3 San Fran....^ ***fS
L Angeles.. 45 3tJ .556| Portland ..-5 51 — »
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Portland got oft in front with two
runs. Castro then failed to handle
Schlafley's grounder and Moskiman hit
the ball to the right field fence for th»
second home run of the series. In the
fourth inning both teams scored, but in
the sixth the slaughter of Iberg was
complete. Schlafley hit for a triple,
Moskiman was hit and Devereaux filled
the bases with a single. Hits by Byrne*
and Schmidt brought in three runs. To
make the victory complete, Oakland
scored two In the eighth and one in th«
ninth. Score:
Portland — | Oakland —
AB.R.H. P.A. I ABR. n. PA
Kdeau. If 4 1 2 2 0 Ganty. rf 5 0 0 2 1
tt'Crdl, rf3 2 11 OFrockn »» 1 3 :; .-,
Thlmn. cf 4 2 1 2 0 Dnlvy, cf 4 O 1 1 0
jVck. lb. R O 1 1» 0 Shifty 2b 3 2 1 3 •»
Prnela, 3b 5 112 4 Mskmn.lf 3 2 2 1 ¦•
Castro, s. 5 0 2 3 5 Drvrx, .'!l> 4^2 2 .1 ••
Ppncr. 2b 4 0 1 « 1 Strelb. lbf 1 1 « 0
. Shea. c. 3 0 O 2 4 Byrnes c 4 O ft ft .;
Shlmn. c. 0 O 0 O O Schmdt. p 4 0 1 ft 2
I Ibers. p.. 40001, ,
-j Totals. 38 8 11 2; M
Totals. 37 6 9 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 2 ft 0 1 0 0 1 0 C-«
Base hits 2 10 11111 1- B
Oakland O 2 0 O 0 S 0 2 1— a
Base hits 11022301 1—11
SUMMARY.
Krrors^ — Castro (2), Spencer <2>, Dunlearr tC\
McCreedie, Streib, Thlelman. Byrnes. Schlafley.
Devereaux. Stolen ba*es — Xa#au, Devereaux.
Bases on IialU — Off Ibers. 2; off Schmidt. 4.
Struek out — Ity Ibers, -: by Schmidt. 1. !-*• -
rlflce hit — McCreedie. Two-base h:ts — I>>.k,
Nadeau. Three-base hits — Francis. Schlatl*>y.
Thielman. Home run — Moskiman. Double
piay — Vaafro totip^ncer. Hit by pitched boll — By
Ibers. 1. First base on errors — Portland 4.
Oakland 3, prime of game — Two hours and
fifteen minutes. Umpire — Freeman.
PORTLAND, June 20.— "Ham" Iberg
was the medium of an Oakland killing
this afternoon. He was pounded to a!i
four corners of the lot for a total of to:>
singles, a home run and a triple, and
when the curtain was rung down Oak
land had chased ei^t runs over the
pan. Portland's six runs were mostly
due to errors made by Oakland's inn^r
works.
Shotput— Won by Dewitt. Princeton; Gale.
Chicago, second. Distance. 42 feet and 4
Inches.
Discus throw— Won by Parry. Chicago;
Fpeik. Chicago, second. Distance, 116 feet
l J i Inches*.
HIlEh Jump — Won by Tooker, Princeton; Fer
ris. Chicago, second. Height. S feet 7 inches.
Hammer throw — Won by De Witt. Princeton;
Parry. Chicago, second. Distance, 155 feet 11
inches.
Broad Jump — Won by Frend. Chicago; Cox,
Princeton second. Distance. 21 feet 7S inches.
Pole vault was a tie between Moore of
Princeton and Clarke of Chicago. Height, 11
fe«-t.
Mile run— Won by Chapin. Princeton; Lyons.
Chicago, second; Williams, Pripcetoh. third.
Time 4 :35 3-5.
Two-mile run— Won by Elsel, Princeton;
Matthews, Chicago, second. Time. 10:13 3-5.
Half-mile run-rWon by Williams. Princeton;
Adsit. Princeton, second. Time. 2:03.
44ft-yard dash — Won by Atlee. Princeton
Taylor. Chicago, second; Parkinson. Chicago,
third. Time, :5O4-5.
120-yard hurdle — Won by Catlin. Chicago;
Friend Chicago, second; Carter, third. Time,
:10.
220-yard run— Won by Rice. Chicago; Tay
lor Chicago, second. Time. :23.
220-yard hurdle— Won by Catlin. Chicago:
Carter, Princeton, second; Ferris, Chicago,
third. Time, :"i 4-5.
CHICAGO, June 20.— Princeton Uni
versity to-day defeated the University
of Chicago in the first outdoor track
and Held dual meet ever held between
representatives of the two universi
ties. Out of a total of fourteen points,
only first place figured in the count,
Princeton secured seven and a half
points while Chicago finished with six
and a half. The result of the meet
hung in the balance until the finish of
the half mile run— the last track event
—when Williams (Princeton) and his
famraate, Adsib, crossed the tape fully
thirty yards ahead of Cahill (Chicago).
Summaries:
Hundrrd-yard dash— Won by Rice. Chicago;
Fox. Princeton, second. Time, :10 1-D. Only
two rr.'-n entered. ,
Neglects to Bring $5000
With Him. So Remainder
Will Be Put Up Later On
Williams and Adsib Score
Winning Points in Half
3Iile Run, the Last Ev<?nt
An Error by Castro Gives
the Visitors Start and
They Keep Up Good Work
Southern Batsmen Fail to
Make a Single Hit Till
Final Round of the Day
VAX COURT'S ERROR
Time, 1:40. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, S. C. Hildreth's b. c. (4) by Kaverdale-
Glenola. Stroller 107, Rough and Tumble. 92,
finished as named.
.— Hpencerian, 95 (Oregar) A 3 6 2 K
—Sweet Tone. 97 (Knapi0...1 2 2^3 10
SIXTH RACE— Mile; three-year-olds and up;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
—Action 110 (L. Lawrence).. 3 11 13
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
Betting. Hor>e. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
— Burlelgh, 1OS (Henry 3 18 14
—Birch Broom, 117 (Prior)). 1 2 2 2h
— Frod Leppert. 108 (N'lcol)..2 3h 33
Time. 1:12 4.-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner; P. C. Hlldrfth's ch. g. <.*?) by Ben
Strome-Barcarola. Incubator 117 finished
fourth.
There was little or no enthusiasm ex
hibited over the winners. A bad acci
dent occurred in the fourth race in
which Sky Pilot broke his right leg
and was destroyed. Jockey J. Conley
had his back severely injured.
FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse :
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
— Kurtzman, US (Domlnlck) 2 1111
—Blue Bird, 118 (Hoffler) 6 4h 21
—Sea Sick. 115 (Pryer) 7 2 1^3 1
Time. :4S 1-5. Start grwd. Won easily.
Winner. F. Cook's ch. c. by The Commoner-
Marion G. Anona 115, Bryan 111. Diamond
Betty 115. Marment 118. Morth Enid 108, Mrs.
Bob 100, finished as named. I
SECOND RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weleht Jockey. St. K Kin.
—The Regent, 110 (Aubuchon) 4 14 lft
—Ebony. 95 (McBride) 2 4 1V42 4
—Gold, ailneral. 94 (Pleratt) 5 3234
Time. 1:40 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, Mrs. M. Goldblatfs b. g. (0) by Doml
no-Royal Glen.
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. »i Fin.
— Wltful. 112 (Henry) 0 5' 1%
— Shawana, 90 (Oliphant) 2 lh 31
—Leila. 97 (Knapp) 3 2 3 3 4
Time. 1:46. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, S. C. Hildreth's ch. f. (4) by Mlrthful-
Reeponse. Major T. F. Carson 97, Proofreader
92, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Mile and seventy yarba;
three-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
—Phil Finch 110 (A.Booker)5 1 2H1 3
— Jerry Lynch, 122 (Oliphant)4 2 5 2 0
— Foncasta, 122 (Knapp) 1 3 4 3 12
Time. 1:44 3-5. Start good. Won In a can
ter. Winner W. K. Williams' ch. e. by Gold
Flnch-Phllllsta. Ratnlrfnd 122 finished fourth.
Sky Pilot 122 fell.
CHICAGO, June 20.— What Is esti
mated as the smallest crowd which
ever attended thoroughbred racing at
Washington Park track saw the sec
ond day's event run off at the local
track to-day. Scarcely 1500 people sat
in the grand stand and watched the
running of few thoroughbreds. The
races were pushed along some fifteen
minutes in advance of the usual time,
cutting down the time usually allowed
bookmakers to get in their work.
Fifth race. Introductory steeplechace. short
course — Lava tor 160. Big Gun 150. Fulminate
150, Walter Cleary 146, Bermuda King 145,
Grandpa 143, Candling 143 Flying Buttress
140. Black Death 140. Conover 130, Whlneray
136. Dartman 135, The Virginian 134 l'aul
aker 133. Buck Lodge 132, Georgia Pine 132,
Silver Trust ISO.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles on turf,
handicap — Grey Friar 110, Carbuncle 107,
Montreson 104. Florham Queen 98. Ben Mac-
Dhul 07 Stlllcho 95. Colonsay 94, Hydrangea
90, Ascetic 88, Mabon 88.
Fourth race, seven furlong* of Ellipse
course. The Swift stakca — Bryn Mawr 130.
Magistrate 12G, Broomstick 12H, Dolly Spanker
116. Ormonde's Right 116. Gold Dome 116
Flammula 111, Stalwart 111, Gold Saint 111*
Marmee 106.
Third race — Astarita 110. Ingold 110 Old
England 110, Unmasked 108, Coburg 108," Ros
signol 105, St. Daniel 105. Ascension 105, Gay
Lothario 1C0, Counterpoise 100, Mimosa P5,
Remlttal 95, Tim Payne 05 Jack Ratlin 08.
I.etola 90. Eagle 90. Dancing Bells 85, Toupee
88. Julia M 87, Happy Hallow 97.
First race, five and a half furlong*, selling,
two-year-olds— Ike S 112 Harpoon 112. Jack
McKeon 112. J. H O'Brien 112. Limerick 112,
•Sailor Uoy 112, Star Lilly 109, Winchester 100.
Torchello 109. Consuelo 109. Virgo 100 Mon
Amour 101», St Ann 109, Carrie Jones 109,
Th» Chanticleer 107, Annie Russell 104 High
born 104. Sachem 104. Golden Buck 104.
Second race, live and a half furlongs of
Eclipse course. The Surf stakes — Tongorder
118 Diamond 118. Knight of Pearl 118, GUpln
US. Parariena. 118, Sparkling Star 114 Sir
Brillar 114.
NEW YORK EXTRIKS.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; the Grass Selling
stakes:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Sheriff Bell. 104 (Burns) 4 3 2*
18 to V*-Dalniy. 'M (Travers) 7 41*
7 to 2— Wild Thyme. 91 (Crlmns) 2 2 h 3h
Time. 1:47. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. M. I>. Hayman's b. c. by Ornament-
Louise. Stuyve. Floran Queen, Gay Boy,
Leader. South Trimble, finished as named.
•Dead heat. Run off:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
OtoB — Sheriff Bell, 104 (Burns).. 1 13 11%
3 to .1 — Dainty, 96 (Travers) 2 2 2
Time. 1 :50 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Time. 1:13 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, F. Gebhr.rd's br. c. by Topgallant-
Glenhap. Belle of Portland, Requitor. Revane,
Chattah, Thistle Dale. Glad Tidings, Head L-aJ,
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
on main track; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
9 to 10— Pulsus. 12« (Picks) 3 2 3 ll*i
2 to 1— Liberia. 107 (O'Neill) 2 1 V4 2 2*i
9 to 2 — Divination. Ill (Martin).. 8' 4 3 3 4
FOURTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 t^o 2— Dekaber, 102 (Martin) 1 3 2 1%
Even— Savable. 122 (O'Neill) 4 2 2 2n
9 to 2— Whorler. 116 (Shaw) 3 4n 3 »;
Time, 1:54 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. H. B. Durham's ch. f. by Pirate of
Penzance-December. . Carbuncle, Brigand,
finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Five furlongs; the Rosebuds;
two-yeur-old fillies:
Boring. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «; Fin.
8 to 1— Belle Sauvage. 105 (Cor) 4 3 114;
7 to 10 — Incantation. 116 (J.Mtn) 3 2 2 2 1
12 to 1— Fancy Dress. 107 (Red) 2 1 h 3 n
Time. 1:01 3-5. gtart fair. Won driving.
Winner. U. T. Wilson Jr.'a br. f. by G. W.
Johnson-Sparrow. Martha Gormann, Ascot
Belle, Wing- Raiment. Bella Slsnora. Linda
Lee and Lady Frances finished as named.
SECOND RACE— One mile; selling: three
year-olds and up:
B-r.lr<. Horce. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3 to 1— Dereyzke. 103 (J.Martin) 1 11 1 SH
12 to 1 — Cha.mi>lain, Bl (J. Jones) 3 4 Va 2 n
3 to 1 — Martinmas. 103 (Kunz).. 6 3 H 3 h
Time, 1:39 4-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. M. L. Hayman's br.h. by LampliRhter-
Serene. Bob Murphy, Akela, Onatus. Home
stead. The Rhymer, Irascible, Bollna, Durazzo,
Ethics, Clncinnatus, Sir Shep, Francesco
and Colrorer finished as named.
Belle Savage cleverly won the Rose
bud stakes for her owner, Richard T.
Wilson Jr., defeating Incantation,
Fancy Dress, Martha Gorman and
others.
FIRST RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-old maidens:
BettiRp. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Delcanta. 115 (Lyne).... C t ft 1 1%
10 to 1— Jerry C, 115 (Spencer).. 4 4 H 2 n
3 to 1— Diamond Flush, 120 (Shw) 2 3 2 3 2
Time. 1:08 1-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner M. Clancy's br. c. by Del Paso II-
Canto. J'atshet, Rey Reynard, Aeronaut.
l'.-ninla. Coeur de Leon, Crusher, Prince Jo
seph, Maxey, More, Lindsay, Gordon. Agent,
Only One and . Bill Bailey II finished as
named. ' •
More than a quarter of a mile from
home "Jack" Martin was sitting so
still on Dekaber, who was then a close
third to Pacemaker, that her ultimate
success was predicted. When Martin
called on his mount she was able to
outstay both others. The time was not
fast, 1:54 1-5, or two seconds slower
than the track record.
Both Savable and Whorler, high class
racers, were defeated in the nine-fur
long handicap, won by that shifty
mare, Dekaber. But her victory can
to some extent be attributed to early
pace-making tactics of Whorler and
Savable.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY, June 20.—Visit
ors to 'the beautiful grounds of the
Coney Island Jockey Club to-day left
the course declaring that they had seen
an excellent day's sport, ending up
with a dead heat, which was followed
by a run-off almost as exciting as
the original.
The dead heat, cool-headed observers
thought, should have been won as easi
ly by Dainty. The rider of Jennings'
mare, however, fumbled with his bridle
near the finish and the never ceasing
efforts of Burns on Sheriff Bell got
that much improved gelding up in time
to make it nobody's race. The owner
of Dainty desired a division of the
stakes, but Hayman insisted on a run
off and this was done.
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
pur««; three-year-olds and up.
Betting Horso, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
10 to 1— Lynch. 104 (Perkins)... 4 12 16
3 to 1— Gasllghter 108 (Neeley) 13 3 2 2
9 to 8— Broodier 104 (W.Davis) 2 2 U, 3 3
Time, 2:03 Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. C. Cahn's b. g. (5) by Inspector B-
La. Danseuse. Lady Matchless 103, Velos 104,
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; thre»-year
olds and up.
Benin*. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— Foxy Kane, 110 (Crwfd) 3 16 14
15 to 1— Ingolthrtft. 99 (Howell) 1 2 4 2 1>4
30 to 1— Echodale 112 (Bybee).. 6 3 1%3 3
Time, 1:33*4. • Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Mrs F. J. Kettleman's ch. h. (4) by
Onondaga- Patty of Cork. Mordella 99. Mill
brook »». Light Opera 107. Doeskin 107, Com
modore 99. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mlU «-nd seventy
yards; purse; threa-year-old» and up.
Bettinjr. Horse Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Harmakis, 93 (Rice) 3 12 1 10
4 to 1— Gallagher, 100 (Watson) 2 3 3 2 1
6 to 1— Falkland. 03 (Stoval) 4 2234
Time. l:50V». Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. O'Xeall Egan's ch. c. (3) by Albert-Mon
tevale. Dolinda 90, Bugler 98. finished a»
named.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Zinda 97 (Austin) 2 13 13
¦» to 1— Franco. 92 (Stoval) 1 2 3 2 3
15 to 1— No Trumper, 05 (Andrsn) 6 « 10 3 4
Time, 1:01%. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, T. P. Hays' br. f. (2) by Woolsthorpe-
Ella F. Drakegld 100, Joe Kelly 100. My
Eleanor 92, Platoon 100. finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds: •
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 1— Kingfox. 97 (Bridwell). . . 4 lft 115
30 to 1— Cr*>scerton. 113 Uver) 2 2tt 22
0 to 1— Gigantic. 1)7 (Austin) 7 3 2 3 10
Time, 1:18. Start poor. Won galloping.
Winner F. Cook's b. g. (3) by Rosslngton-
Famcne. Top Jvidy 106, Banquet 110, Anyway
U5 J. Relff 97, Billy Woodward 100, Ascot 97.
Hubbard »7. Pink Marsh 85. Yellow Hummer
100, Muscovalr 97. Tollo 97, Foridor 100, fin
ished as named.
ST. LOUIS, June 1.— Harmakis re
turned to his best form to-day at the
Fair Grounds, and with fourteen
pounds off galloped home over the
favorite and the well played good
thing, Gallagher. »
Word was received here to-day that
Hermis would arrive here Tuesday to
run in the World's Fair Handicap next
Saturday.
FIRST KACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Bettingr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 5— Lim. Girl. 110 (Austin).. 4 13 1 1 V»
7tol— Loretta 11, 110 (Davis).. 2 4 2 24
20 to 1— Lone Woir 110 (Morris). . 1 6 1%-T ¦*
Time. :58%: Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. S. Hays' blk. f. (2) by Eltoro-Clara.
Uathskeller 103, Annisguam 110, Wakeful 105.
Aspatla 100. Georgia Carter 106. A. Muskoday
113. Colonel Simpson 113, Covlha 108, finished
as named.
RESULT EVER IX DOUBT
SHIELDS IN BABE FORM
M0SKIMAX GETS H03IER
Harmakis Outfoots
Field, Beating,
Gallagher.
Small Attendance
at Washington
Park Meet.
Good Card Pleases
the Crowd at
Sheepshead.
Representatives of Heavy
weights Each Place $2500
in Harry Corbett*s Hands
Tigers Victorious in the
Initial Indoor Meet of
the Rival Universities
Commuters Take Decided
Liking to Brand of Slow
Shoots Tossed Up by Ham
Angel Twirler Is Believed
by Captain Flood After
Game Is Hopelessly Lost
RIVAL BOXERS
POST FORFEITS
CHICAGO LOSES
TO PRINCETON
SHERIFF BELL BESTS DAINTY AFTER
RUNNING A SENSATIONAL DEAD HEAT
SEATTLE STARS
LAND ON BAUM
IBERC'S CURVES
PLEASE OAKLAND
JEFFRIES AND MUNROE POST FORFEITS FOR APPEARANCE IN THE RING NEXT AUGUST
THE SAN .FRANCISCO .CALL'. TUESDAY, JUNE 21. 100*.
A safe robbery Isn't always as safe
as it sounds. \
WASHINGTON. June 20.— The Secretary of
the Interior has approved the application of the
board of trustees of the Columbian University
of this city to chniiKn. the name of that Institu
tion to the George Washington University
AnnivED.
Monday, June SO. -
Tun Fea Kins, Harvey 12 hours from Fort
Braeg.
Brfcir Montara. Jlellly, 83 hours from Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSU— PRSKed in June • 2<V— Schr Wil
bert L. Smith, from S'an Dleso. for Port Town
send; brig \V. a. Irwln, hence June 7, for
Roch* Harbor. ; ¦
A UKRDEKN— Arrived June 20— Stmr Coro
nado, hence June 10; schr XV. J. Patterson,
from Hetlondo; echr W. II. Smith, from San
IVilro.
Railed Juno 20 — Stmr Newburg. for San Fran
rlFco; i«chr Melrose, for San Francisco; schr
Watson A. West, for South Africa. ..*..»..:..-.
FORKIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA. B. C— Arrived June 20— Jap stmr
Kanegawa Mam,, from Yokohama. Passed'
out June 10 — Nor stmr, Titan la, from Kanaimo,
for San Francisca
10
Bad blood is the source of numerous aches and pains
wd the cause of nearly all stubborn, long-continued dis-
. rases. When the blood gets out of order, disease germs
and poisons of various kinds find their way into the cir-
rulation and some serious trouble is the result. Rheu-
matism, Malaria, Old Sores and Ulcers, Scrofula, Anrcraia,
and many pustular or scaly skin eruptions, like Eczema,
Salt Rheum and Tetter, have _l '
their beginning in bad blood, _ J?*5* **? my bl . oo * k WM 1»* d . " evidenced by
. « j it. *. «. "In eruptions and other symptoms on different
and only a remedy thatenters p.rt.of the body. So I concluded To try aa B
. into the circulation and de- knowin* it to be highly spoken of. After using; a
ttroys the germs and poisons, number of bottles— my blood wit thoroughly- puri-
-nr> ha-upanvnermancattrood df * nd * w *« relieved of all eruptions and
.an have any permanent gooa n^nife.tations of impure blood. I believe your
•ffect upon a disease Of this b. S. S. to be an excellent blood medicine, and
Character. anyone in need of such medicine would do well
You can't check a blood to *" 1^ p . tt . * "• J- E - shoemaker.
aisease by any external treat- 6ie E * P ' tt9rtonSt - Alliance. O.
ment ; the sores and eruptions that appear upon the surface of the body are
only manifestations or symptoms of some internal disorder that cannot be
S-i _- reached from the outside. S. S. Sr antidotes the poi-
/#m^ i^H sons « humors and acid s that are the real cause of
\^^y -disease, cleanses and enriches the blood, and builds
wljJfrZjJ OP at the same time general health. S. S. S.
*^ _^^~ -^ invigorates all the organs and parts of the system
wd stimulates them to greater activity, and strong nerves and renewed
health is the result. If you have any blood trouble, write us. No charge
!or medical advice. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CA.
tSlood troubles
ASVZB.TISKKENTS.
; AgvTEBTiRTnffTrrrra.
••••••••••• oooeeoooooooeooooooooo ••••••••••••
i Worth $1000 to Him! {
• ji£JM-©&- Mr. W.F. Quite ofCcdarvillc •
© JwSffltfcisitf^^ Sings the Praises of Dr. o
o w|SS£*^^|§|?L McLaughlin's Belt. o
© vaT -^ _^*tz%£J Cedarvllle, Cal., March 10. IIHM. ~
© /*3 lt££an ffiSfc^aSn Dr - *I'-* L *- u s nl !r> — r>ar Sir: I hav* O
© 'v» 'iBv M^^don b»en wearir.e your Belt a mrvnth to-<Jay. 0
a \., "•"* pj I'vT^Sfk I It is ail risht. for. In aidlMon t ¦> Im- Q
2 ¦ yf SUUI Viiv proving my general health. It cured a
/2^W*itlc'i''t*' * ore har.d that ha* ccst rr.e $1000 in d.->e- t:
© t \ rmffltilnrVT tors' bills and has trouMM ir.e c^n- •»
Q V UT^^V^Ss tinuously fcr ten years. The ri!".s In ©
q \ " 'P>t my back and leg have cone an<l alto- Q
JJ J\. ."J^a R'ther I think the Helt Is a srreat thins: p
2J J/L and shall be clad to rroomsr.rnd It. »
><rSx. .^raggjjlBfow-^ Thankins you for what yon h.»v» don* *•
© _^<<{i(wA* ¦" J^b'ClT^iH^TI for me- l remain yours respectfully. •
' i^H^mBBml And n wm c " ur ' v - I
• M\M\B\ Mfmflli y I N '° ™" should br weak: m man 9
© \\\\W\ft«\\\?Av\ fMw/J&lnullIlt' "hould suffer th<? loss of that vital q
A %™V\\WlS wfillMnlW element which renders life worth &
#» WMmWmV^'/Jfi//!//I ' m "vlns. N'> man should allow him- o
2 V^\\\\w\\\\^^^/^////////y// folf to tx-rnmo lesa a m;m than na- JT
© n\\w\\w\%^Z^v/////////' tur*» intrn.lod him: no n.in shouM J*
• Kuffrr for tho sins of hi.^ youth. *•
© \ w\\uvw/yy// ' when thrro is h^ro .it h;iiul ;i certain O
q "iv\v\«'' cure for his weakness, a check to O
0 his waste power. Q
• Most of the pains, most t>f the weakness of stomach, heart, brain and •
• nerves, from which you men suffer, are due to an early Inam of nature's •
• reserve power through mistakes of youth. You need not suffer for thia. ©
O You can be restored. The very element which you have lost you can get •
m back, and you may be as happy as any man that lives. Q
jZ My Electric Belt, with special Electric Suspensory (free) will restore f
S your 'power. It will check all unnatural drains and give back the old vigor 0
5 of youth. "¦•'•• 3 S
• What alls you? Write and tell me. and no matter where you ar*. I z.
• think I can give you the address of some one In your town that I have JJ
• cured. I've cured thousands, and every man of them is a walking adver- ©
• tisement for my Belt. * ©
. Every man who ever used it recommends it because it is honest. Tt O
m does great work and those whom I have cured are the more grateful be- Q
*i cause the cure cost so little. / • a
gi Every man who uses my Belt gets the advice ancr the counsel of a phy- A
~f sidan free. I can give you all that any medical man can give you. and a ™
© lot that he can't. . . g
© Try my Belt. Call or write me to-day for my beautifully Illustrated ••
O book, with cuts showing how my Belt is applied and lots of good reudinK ©
0 for men who want to be "The Noblest Work of Ood." A MAN'. Inclose this O
0 ad. and I will send this book, sealed, free. Call for free consultation. Q
S dr. m.c. Mclaughlin, °°« > 3S E HSs£co:' ia11 "' *
© Office Hours — R a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1: ©
• NEVER SOLD BY DRUG STORES OR AGENTS. •
•©•••••••••••••oooooooooooooooooo© ••©••©••••3TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL subscribers contemplating" a
change of residence during: the irnnmer
monthi can have their paper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notify
ing: THE CAtl. Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and la represented by a local
ag-ent la all towns oa tno coast.
Roosevelt Receives Veterans.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— President
Roosevelt to-day received a delegation
of about 100 members of the Twenty
thirdReglment, Veterans' Association
of New York. They are In Washing
ton on a pleasure trip.
To Hear Argument for Boeder's New
Trial and Also to Decide Mrs.
liot kin's Motion.
Judge Cook will come this morning
from "his ranch in Sonoma County,
where he is spending his vacation, to
hear argument on th*» motion for a
new trial of Leon Soeder, • convicted
of the murder of his brother-in-law,
Joseph Blaise. Attorney E. S. Salo
mon promised to have affidavits ready
this morning to show that John
Cooper, to whom Soeder is alleged to
have made a confession, had been con
victed of .a felony in the State of
Washington.
The Judge will also render his de
cision this morning on the motion for
a new trial of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin,
convicted for the eecond time on a
charge of murder.
Much interest is manifested in the
decision of the Judge on the points
raised, especially regarding: the exam
ination by the Jury during the Dis
trict Attorney's closing argument of
the ink on letters purporting to have
been written by the defendant
JUDGE COOK WILL LEAVE
RANCH AND HOLD COURT
WILL OF LEVI Z. LEITER
ENTUCIIES HIS CHILDREN
Provides That Son Shall Receive $10,
000 a Year and Devises $1,000,000
In Trust for Lady Curzon.
WASHINGTON, June 2O.—The will
of the late Levl K^Leiter, the Chicago
millionaire, was filed to-day in this
city. It names Mary T. Lelter and
Joseph Leiter, his widow and son, as
executors, and thev, together with his
daughters, Nancy *Lathrop Carver-
Leiter and Marguerite Hyde Leiter,
and Seymour Morris of Chicago, are
designated as trustees.
The will leaves one-third of the
estate, outside of specific reservations
of coal lands, to the widow, and the
rest Is left for equal distribution, per
stirpes, among the children. There is
nothing in the will which indicates the
total value of Lelter's estate.
Speciflc provision is made to guaran
tee Joseph Leiter an annual Income of
at least $10,000 under any circum
stances.
Mention Is made of the marriage set
tlement of $700,000 previously madron
one of his daughters. Lady Curzon, in
addition to which the will bequeaths
$1,000,000 more as a trust fund for her,
the total of $1,700,000 to be charged
against her as an advancement in the
distribution of the estate. 0 ;-.;,
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Ordrrs Issued by Executive Make
Many Changes in Postal Service.
Army Changes.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— Ernest J.
de Lon{? has been commissioned post
master at Vi31a Park, Cal., and Georpe
F. Palmer has been appointed post
master at Priest Valley, Monterey
County, Cal., vice Andrew J. Noyes, re
signed.
The postofQces at Clarement, Coal-
Inga, Col fax, Welland. Oceanside and
Tuolnmne will become international
money order offices July 1.
Army orders: Post Quartermaster
'-Eergeant Joseph A. Rowell. Vancouver
Barracks, Wash., will be sent to Alca
traz Island, CaL, to relieve Post Quar
termaster Sergeant Gustav Woenne.
Private John P. Johnson, Hospital
Corps, Hot Springs, Ark., will be sent
to Fort McDowell, Cal., to accompany
Third Infantry companies to Fort Wil
liam H. Seward, Alaska. First Lieu
tenant Wilson T. Davidson, assistant
surgeon, .vrfll report in person to the
commanding general. Department of
California, for assignment to duty at
the United States army General Hos
pital, Presidio, to relieve First Lieu
tenant Edmund D. Shortljdge, who
will then proceed to Fort Miley, Cal.
The following Callfornians are at thft
New Willard: Mr. and Mrs. A. W.
Foster, Miss Louisiana S. Foster, Miss
Martha Foster, Paul S. Foster, Benja
min B. Foater, Raleigh Melville and
W. Herzos. They are all from San
Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PUEBLO, Colo., June 20.— Two de
ported union miners from the Cripple
Creek district, John Yates and Peter
| Styler, members of the last party sent
i beyond the borders of Colorado and in-
J structed not to return, arrived in Pu
eblo this mornins: half dead as the re
• suit of the torture to which they were
j subjected a week ago in the Victor
1 bull pen. They were sadly In need of
j medical attendance, which they claim
' they were denied by the military au
j thorities. They tell a story of alleged
I barbarism committed, they allege, un
j der the direction of Adjutant General
I Sherman Bell, in command of the Na
| tional Guard forces in Teller County,
; which is under absolute martial law.
They claim they were strung up by
' the thumbs for four hours and sweated
I for information they were supposed to
) possess concerning the perpetrators of
: thr recent Victor depot explosion out
! rage, which resulted in the death of
i fourteen non-union miners and the per
; manent injury of a score or more.
This, thev say, occurred last Tuesday
"morningr Just before the departure of
th*; deportation special for the State
line. Failing to force a confession Gen
eral Bell, the miners claim, had them
cut down and hurried them to the de
pot at the points of bayonets. Packed
in box cars like sardines, thev aver,
j they were twenty-four hours on the
¦ journey and were finally thrown off
1 among the barren eand dunes of South
i em Colorado and driven across the
i State line into New Mexico.
With great labor the two Injured
miners were carried back to the first
j station on the Denver and Rio Grande
I road and sent to Pueblo in a box car.
j Here they found friends who will care
for them and endeavor to bring their
cases before the Federal Court. The
thumb on either hand of each man is
sadly torn and mangled. Their arms
are swollen and black from the fingers
to above the elbows. Both protest that
they know nothing concerning the per
petrators of the Victor outrage.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., June
20.— At a special meeting of the board
of directors of the Portland Gold Min
ing Company this afternoon the action
of President J. F. Burns in asking the
Federal Court at St. Louis for an in
junction prohibiting the State author
ities from interfering with the opera
tion of the mine was repudiated -and
the suit was declared off. The board
also passed a resolution requiring Su
perintendent Currie of the Portland
mine to resume operations as soon as
possible without employing men affili
ated with the Western Federation of
Miners.
Deported Union Miners Say
They Were Tortured by the
Head of National Guard
MAKE CHARGES
AGAINST BELL
He declared that all the preservers
were stamped 1S91.
To United States District Attorney
Wise Flanagan said he had no license
as either master or mate. His duties
were to take charge of the deck crew.
"Did you ever have a flre drill?"
Flanagan placed his hands on his
forehead and then replied:
"Not to my memory. I did not keep
track,"
"Have you ever seen the flre hose un
coiied since the season opened?"
"Not to my memory. 1 don't recall
it. I have been very sick."
Flanagan said he never counted the
life preservers aboard, but he was con
fident that more than the 2500 called for
were aboard and within easy reach of
the passengers. In his opinion the life
preservers were in first-class condition.
Adjourned until to-morrow.
NEW YORK. June 20.— The list of
those who perished on the General
Slociua is growing at an alarming
rate. Bodies came to the surfo.ee to
day off ihe shores of North Brother
Inland singly end in groups of twos
and threes until at dusk ninety-eight
additional bodies had been recovered.
Kvery pausing steamer seemed to churn
up the water to such a degree that
v. ith Us wash one or more bodies would
h'i swept on to the beach. Between
the hours of 3 and 6 in the afternoon
f.Jty-live bodies, seme of them badly
mutilated, were taken ashore by the
eiarchinsr parties.
This brings the total number of bod
ies recovered up to 730, and yet there
are something like 3-3 persons unac
counted for. A number of these are
among the 125 unidentified at the
Morgue and over ori North lirother Isl
and and the "unrecosmizable" that
have been buried in the Lutheran
Cemetery on Long: Island.
The Coroner's inquiry into the disas
ter was begun to-day. Thousands of
persons gathered in and around the ar
mory in the borough of the Bronx,
where the inquest was held.
XO FTRK DRILL.
According to the testimony of John
J. Coakiey. one of the Slocum's deck
hands, at the Coroner's inquest, he
never had been instructed in a fire
drill since he became an employe of
the Knickerbocker Company at the be-
Finningr of last season. Coakley said
f.e first lf-arned that the steamer was
on fire when a small boy called his at
tention to the smoke rolling down from
the bow. Coakley said he ran up to
vard the bow of the steamer and
found a blaze in the locker where the
oil for the lamps was kept. He dumped
charcoal on it, hoping to smother the
fames, then cut down the hose and
called for assistance. The fire was so
hot that he and those who came to
help him were driven out of the locker.l
but they pot the hose in position and
had just directed a stream on (he fire
when the hose burst. When the crew
found It Impossible to control the fire
they turned their attention to the pas-
Fencers. Coakley said he took down
many life preservers rfhd distributed
them among the women and children,
far as he could see all the preserv
ers were in good condition.
FLANAGAN TESTIFIES.
Edward Flanapan. the mate for the
last two seasons on the Slocum, said
that th«* forward cabin, where the fire
broke out, wa» used for storing old
linens and worn out - awnings and
bropms. He had one barrel of sperm
oil there and there were some empty
barrels that had contained oil.
Flanagan said that as soon as he
vas aware of the fire he notified the
captain, calling up the tube:
"We are all afire forward."
"What answer did you get?"
"I did not wait for any answer. I
vent to the engineers to give me
water."
"Had you given any orders up to
that time to man the lifeboats?"
"Not ud to that time."
"What orders did you give your
men?"
"None up to that time. When I got
back from the engineers I manned the
pipes. Then when the water pressure
«ame a coupler blew off and the pipe
burst. Then we tried to reach the other
Ftandpipes, but we could not pass the
flames."
PRESENT AT INSPECTION*.
Flanatran said he was present when
the epecial inspection took place. At
this point the Coroner ordered Inspec
tors Fleming and Lundberg to leavtj
the courtroom.
Flanagan, however, said he did not
accompany the inspectors on their
rounds. He knew, he said, that ten or
twenty of the life preservers were or
dered down by one of the inspectors.
Mate of the Ill-Fated Steamer Testifies at
Coroner's Inquiry That He Had Never
Received Any Instructions in Fire Drill
SURVIVORS OF WRECK OF SLOCUM
MAKE APPALLING ADMISSIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1904.
11
GRAND OPENING
and Dedication of the Exten-
sive Beach Improvements at
"Ntew"
Sflft to Cruz
Saturday Ev'ng, June 1 1
Grand Fireworks Display by California
Fireworks Co. Brilliant Electrical Illu-
minations of Pacific Ave. and Esplanade.
Neptune Casino, Plunge Baths and Pleas-
Her. Third Artillery Band. U. S. A..
'rt and Ball.
j :ial Excursions via S. P. Ry
CAZADERO
The Gem of All Northern Betreatl.
Grove, Forest, Glade and Dell.
Crest, Canyon, Hill and Sale.
Knoll, Knob, Peak and Mountain.
The home of the trout and the haunt of tns
deer. Reached over the North Shor» Ry.. Tia
Sausallto Ferry.
A year ago I leased this resort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I have the pleasure to
tell you that, owing to last season'* bt? and
unprecedented partonage, I have purchased this
magnificent domain of over 1200 acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop-
erties. Insuring the best of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
-a new building containing a bowling alley has
beetvjjdded. alao a new tennis court and boat-
Ing and bathing on the river, all free to gueatr
Free camping grounds In the Caxadero giant
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rulea must be complied with.
Lots, one-quarter acre, for sale, from $100
up. and cottaees built to suit at, city figures.
Take Sausalito Ferry via North "Shore Rail-
road. Round trip, good for six months. $3 75.
Round trip, Friday till Monday. *3; no stag-
ing:; depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-,
tages, $2 per day; $10 to $14 per week; special
rate by the month.
For particulars other, than herein given write
J. J. THIRION. owrer and manager. Hotel del
Cazadero. Sonoma Co.. Cal.. or North Shore
It. R. office. 626 Market St., San Francisco.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED!. .
Every one knows that Adams water cures
stomach, liver and kidney diseases.
r i WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars writ* to W. R. PRA-
THER.
nU n D II Hot Springs; on line South-
1 1 V II II III ern Pacific: 2tt hours from
K I K I I Td San Francisco. 3 trains
II I 111 dallv : luxurious mineral
U I IIUIl * ad nuA baths; hotel
unique In cuisine service
and appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bureau, 613 Market St., Peck's Bureau 11
Montgomery st.. or H. R. WARNER, Byroa
Hot Springs. CaL
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management: no staging; depot on
grounds: phone: fare $2 40; Tiburon ferry:
rates $10 to $15 week; table first class; our
own dairy: hot mineral baths; swimming tank; ,
livery; billiards: croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery st.. or BARKER &
ROSS. Lytton Springs. Sonoma County, CaL
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving S. F.
at 8:05 p. m. Returning, connects at Truckee
with train reaching 8. F, at 7:50 a. rn.
TAHOE TAVEEN — Situated on the
shores ot Lake Tahoe, the largest and most
beautiful body of water in the world at this
elevation, is now open for the accommodation
of guests. The tavern will be conducted this
season by Mr. F. W. Richardson, manager of
California's famous mission hotel. The Olen-
wood, Riverside, which Is sufficient guarantee
that It will be strictly first class. The table
will be supplied with all delicacies of the sea-
son, while fishermen will be constantly em-
ployed to furnUn lake trout. For rates address
-- F. W. RICHARDSON.
THE TALLAC £S= E
Now open. The Summer Resort of America.
European plan only.' Cafe first class. Prices rea-
sonable. Resident physician. No consumptives.
Pamphlets at S. P. office. G13 Market street.
Address M. LAWRENCE U CO.. Tallac, Cal.
BROC KWA V
Lake Tahoe,-
OPENS JUNE 1st.
Write FRANK B. ALVER3ON. Mgr..
Brockway. Cat
KTJBICON PABI-A delightful resort
on shores of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beach
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly fishing and
hunting In season. Boats, fishing tackle ana
horres at moderate hire. Rates $2 a day or
from $10 to $16 per week. P. O. and telephone.
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. CaL
"THE OKOVE."
Lake Tahoe. half a mile east of Tallac, ca
lake shore; rates $2.00 a day; $10.00 a week;
meals 60c. Good saddle horses and the beat
of livery. Boats - free to all guests. J. S.
PARMETER. proprietor. Tallac. CaL
LAKE SHORE HOUSE — Olenbrook.
Nev. Cottages to rent $3 up. lst-class board, milk
and cream, fresh vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
T)FFD PADY INN and cottages; 0 ones from
I/ELK lAHIV lflfl Lake Tahoe: open June 1;
elevation C507 feet; mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers* Office, 30 Montgomery »t-
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park, CaL
"WHITNEY HOUSE,
Truckee. CaL The leading hotel. Headquar-
ters for tourists and commercial men. Summer
and winter resort. Meal station for pasa-m-
eera. Stage for Lakes Independence and Web-
ber, Camobell Hot Springs and SlerravUle.
STEWART McKAT. proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 18 miles from Truckee, In an unbroken
forest. For information inquire at Traveler
office. 30 Montgomery. St., Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. Clemona. Truckee. Cal.
1 KUVIVCn COUBTST CXT7B.
SUMMER RESORT. SPORTSMEN'S LODGE.
Fourth season. Sierra attractions. California's
largest rainbow hatchery. Finest fishing. O.
H. FOULKS. Verdi. Nev.. or Nevada block.
San Francisco.
¦¦':. CASEPBEUC. HOT 87BZKGS.
In Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sierra County,
5000 feet elevation. Are beautifully located
at the head or the great Sierra Valley, so
miies long by 5 miles wide," •urrcundlnfj which
Is the great primeval forest or pine and fit. a
specialty Is made of the table. The hot sprtnga
are unequaled for the cure of rheumatism,
gout, liver and kidney complaints and all blood
and skin diseases. Rates for room and board.
$11 to $12 per week. Round trip from San
Francisco to springs via Boca, $14 50. Statre
daily except Sunday, connecting with S p. m.
train from - San Francisco, -
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
BARTLETT does not guarantee to
j cure all the ills that humanity is
heir to, but thousands of people
have been benefited by the use of
Bartlett Water and many cured.
If you would improve your health,
and have a grand good time, come
to Bartlett Springs, where there is
a resident physician, a manager of
amusements and competent mas-
seurs.
Housekeeping cottages, $3 00 to
56 00 per week.
Send for a booklet that will tell
you all about Bartlett.
Write J. E. MtMAHAN, Bartlett
I Springs, Cal., or call at 2 Sutter St.,
[ San Francisco.
1
AETNA SPRINGS
Is not an ultra-fashionable
resort. Every day is
packed full of solid enjoy-
ment, for there !is some-
thing doing all the time.
Just send for booklet.
Aetna Springs Co., Napa
County, CaL
Santa Catalina Island
ZVt Hours From Los Angeles. Season 11)04.
Our Famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain goat, calling, bathing,
; golf, tennis and the finest dishing on the
coast.
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tents at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metropole.
Modern In all particulars.
For further Information address
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU, 11
Montgomery ft., or BANNING CO., 222 8.
Spring st., Los Angeles.
3DR,. C. O. O'3DO2SrKrB3T-jT_,'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
' rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 46
mll*-s from S. F. The S. P. n. It. and S. F.
1 *; N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poiuon oak at the park; mineral
water, boats, bathing and fishing free. Meals
served at Hotel Riverside at reasonable rates.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office
1021". Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh, San
Francisco.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America.
THE ROBSON ORCHESTRA COMPANY
and DR. MONROE CALLENDER will furnish
the best music ever played at any resort In
the State. Boating, swimming, marine tobog-
gan, mineral springs, new livery. EDQAR
DURNAN, owner and proprietor. Laurel Dell
P. O., Lake County, Cal.
CZFTIfil PD HOT
:=9t= ' 1 *-» 1^ 1:i ' fX: SPRINGS
Have many wonderful facilities for health and
pleasure. Our famous hot baths and stomach
wutcrs are a positive cure for Rheumatism.
Malaria, Bladder. Liver, Kidney & all Stomach
Troubles. Arsenic Beauty Baths. Swimming
Pond. Orchestra, Dairy, Electric Lights. Rates
$10 to $12 per week. Baths & amusements free
Booklet Teck's, 11 Montgomery, and S. P. Co.'
Oirj Market st.. or H. H. McGOWAN, Seigler.
Lake County. ,
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cruz Mountains.
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery, or 8. P. Co., 013 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond, Cal.
DE LA ROZA resort, Santa Cruz Mountains; '
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
camping-. A. J. GIBBS, Mgr., Glbba, Cal.
Tuscan
Mineral Springs.
OPEN E7EEY SAT III THE YEAS.
TO WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: A year and
three months ago I waa attacked with that
terrlbl« disease, locomotor ataxla. Power l<»
balance, stand, or even sit down, entirely lost.
Two best doctors of San Francisco and Hot
Springs. Ark., failed to help me. My stom-
ach, towels and kidneys failed to work. I had
catarrh of stomach, head and bladder as a re-
¦ult of the disea.se: these troubles becam*
chronic. At times my heart would beat ilka *
drum, my eyes grew weak, my memory fcad.
my nerves wrecked. Three months ago I w«nt
to Tuscan Springs. What happened since wn
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank the waters,
took the baths — after thre« weeks' treatment
stomach, bowels, bladder and kidneys In per-
fect condition. *ye«iRht perfect, nervousness
gone, memory good. After three months' treat-
ment, walked wtthout a car.e. with eyes closed
and up and down steep hiils: am cured of this
dread disease, now walk with slight Umpu
Have run stores In seventeen towns of th«
State of Calltornla; am well known In down-
town districts of San Francisco; Inquiry ther*
will prove truth of my helpl.-ss condition threw
mcr.thn ago. Further Information. *d;lre»i
' LOUIS JACOBS 6 Stockton St., San Kranilsco.
Cal.
W» have hundreds of testimonials from
others. Send 50c in stamps for bottl* ot
. stomach and catarrh Salts. Round- trip ticket*
at reduced rates. Southern Pacific.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP.,
Tuscan, Cal.
1 1 — -*.
IT'S FUNNY how so many men act.
They toil and labor and struggle.
AND NEVER for a moment think o£
rest, or Recreation, or pleasure.
AND HOW FOOLISH for those re-
siding in this vicinity, when right
at their door lies the playground,
quickly and cheaply reached.
IF YOU WILL NOT occasionally
give up the daily grind,
DO NOT make your wife and chil-
dren continually walk the treadmill.
AT LEAST give them a chance for
a little change of air that will brinjf
some color to their cheeks.
PERHAPS then you will find time to
visit them over Sunday.
AND FORGET yourself as your
children poke grass down your
neck, and in your nose and eyes
and ears.
GET OUT once in a while and romp.
BREAK AWAY and. give your fam-
ily a chance to get acquainted with
you,
AND CALL or write for •
VACATION 1904
1 ¦ -¦¦¦_-'
A book of 160 pages issued by the
California Northwestern Railway
Company (The Picturesque Route of
California), giving Camping Loca-
tions, Hotels. Mineral Spring Resorts
and a long list of Country Homes
where board for the Summer can be
secured at from $7.00 per week up.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St. (Chroni-
cle Building) and Tiburon Ferry, foot of
Market St. General Office, Mutual Life
Building. Sansome and California Sts.»
San Francisco.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Gen'l Pass. Agt.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, fishing,
boating, launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser in bathhouse, club-
house, etc.. Increased accommodations, modern
convenience*. Scenery unsurpassed. Table *
specialty. Rates per week. <1O to tl3. Photo*
and information at Chatfleld & Vinzent's. 22S
Montgomery St.. or LEE D. CRAIO. Manager.
Soda Bay. Kelseyvtlle P. O.. Lake Co.. CaL
Take county
New, comfortable carriages direct to thm
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line In the State. Leaves Calls-
toga dally (Sundays ezcepted) at 11:30 a. m .
direct to Harbin. Setgler. Adams. Howard. An-
derson. Hobergs, Spiers. Astorgs and Glen-
brook- half hour for lunch at Callstoga: also to
Middletown Lower Lake. Kelseyvl!!* and
Lakeport. Livery in connection.
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
SO FOB CAMP Knmi HSw* ENGLAND B0XE1
Located in a beautiful grove close to th«
lake- fine playground for the children; swings,
croquet, bowling and tennis, boating and bath-
ing pavilions with pianos, fresh fruKs la
plenty. Board and lodging, only ?<i to $7 z*r
weuk. Address GEORGE HAKIaON, Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County. ¦
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
Under new management. Cp to date. E*au-
tiful grounds. Running stream and pond wltb
good fishing. Playground* for children. Fre»
carriage meets all trains. J. D. CELLA. Mgr.
LA HONDA AND PESCADERO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; •
a. m train 3d and Townsand. and 0:20 a. tn.
train' from San Jose connect with stages direct.
Address WALTER XN1O.HT. Ktdwood Citjr.
CaU
N. 3. B. B. TOCALOMA Maria 0*
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
special rate» for families and Dartle*: fishing,
hunting, boatln*. baihlnx; beautiful drives to
Bear Valley: telephone. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Bulletin Office. «very Thursday, J
to 4 p. ra.
LAKEPORT A>TT> BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hooland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect wttb
trains at Hosland. Leave Hopland at 12:30;
arrive at Lakeuort at 3;30; arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New ' •- horse 14-passenger
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
ltt Spring*, call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at ofSc*
of California N. W. Ky., 650 Market St., or
at Tiburon ferry.
MILLER A HOWARD. Props.
WHITE SUIJHUB SPXI2TGS, Vallejo.
Cal. — Moat accessible »prin** tu San fr'rancisco:
round trlD $1. no stage fare; only "Vi hours'
ride; & miles from VaU?Jo; hot. cold and
plunge sulphur baths: wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, oeuralxla. eczema, kidney, liver and
stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak»
for boatinx and bathing. Dancing pavtlton.
New bowlir.K alley and shuffle board. Rates.
$10 a, week. Including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
OCCIDEJTTAi ' S0TEL, HATWAEDS,
First-clan* resort: tennis, croquet, bowline.
amusement halt. etc. Special rates to famines
Terms reajonabl*. X. GaCDaKD. Pro?.. poon«
Black Ul. /
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully located In
redwoods 5 miles from Santa Cnu. Spring
water, fruit, talli, excellent table; dally mail;-
fre« conveyance: $7 week; phone Sub-irban 87.
MRS. W. CRANDELL. Santa Cruz. Cal. •
SCHAErEE'S GJtOVE — BOSS VALLEY,
Private boarding; terms reasonable. Ttaaa
meets Sunday morning trains. Address MR*. ,
MATT LINDSAY. Ro»s Station. '
JEIVEB3IDE HOTZL lad COTTAGE3
—Near beach- 30 acres beautiful ground*; sp»-
elal rates to families; write for booklet, f.
BARSON. Proprietor. Santa Cruz. . ¦
BELIiETTaB HOTEL, El Vmao, S«-
ncrna Co.. Cal Terms, *l day and up; hoc
mineral springs near by. Lung distance tei*»
jihgao; telly mail. JOHN &SHRSS, ProprUWr.
THE GEYSERS
Tb« Most Famous Health and Pleasure
Resort In California.
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged -the
beet on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and llnnimam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mlceral water. Boating:. . hunting, fish Ins.
dancing, shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
- THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable In connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with the best the
market affords. Rates. $10, J12 $14 and *16
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CUHRY, Prop. The Geysers,
Sonoma County, California.
AguaCaliente
Springs
We have added many NEW. attractions to
this beautiful and romantic epot; open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare $1 10: sure cure Tor rheumatlftn,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Spring*; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank in the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates 10 families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11 Montgomery st..
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Callente
Springs. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can feat 4C0 guests.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SURF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
1 TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P. SNELL, MANAGER.
C\ IT a /"»/>O IIOT spnlJfGs . SONOMA
OA riLflJU COUNTY; only 4*4 hours
from San Francisco and
¦"¦""¦^^^™"^ but 0 mile? Maglng; wa-
ter* noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hct mineral water bath In State; boating and
EWtmmlng In Warm Spring Creek; good trout
stream*; telephone, telegraph, dally mail, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
Sf.RVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from San Francisco only $3 50. Take
Tiburon terry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
Riieist of the past nine years. Patronage of
1903 unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery «L. or of
J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs, Cal.
M ARK WEST
"S5F* SPRIN8S
MRS. J. D.. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
will manage the springs; many Improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day; Sl<> and $12 week. Office. 833 Lark In
st.. cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs, Santa
Rosa. Rural No. 6.
;: CAMP CURRY :
Get circulars at all railroad offices. , ,
f Advertised by 4000 guests. <
I YOSEMITE I
3BI_.XJE3
Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAN, MIdlake P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.,
or call on Dr. Happersberger, 1104 Market, S. F.
LAKES
Hotel EL GARMELO
Pacific Grove, California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts.
The nlace to spend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board $2 50 a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDT, Manager.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hospital; best equipped on Coast; mod-
ern improvements; large treatment rooms;
Ideal location; 6H acres; one block from street
cars; write for literature. San Jose, Cal.
VICHY SPRINCS
Three miles from Ukiah, Meadoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal
spring; Accommodations and table first clasa.
J. A. REDEMEYER. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 13. Two miles from Hopland.
Fine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week.
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health and pleasure
resort Is now open for the patronage of the '
public. Address JOHN JACOBS, y
Own Summer Home SSSSSS'ss. Camp Meeker
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling $10
up; cottages built by Meeker, $50 up; depot:
stores; restaurant; hotel; post and express;
telephone; sawmill: 900 lots sold; 300 cottages
built. Sausallto ferry. N. S. R. R. , 1<I. C.
MEEKER, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
ExteMively improved since last season.
Opened April 1. THOS. L. BELL, M*r.. Felton,
Cal. Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
foot of Market street. Round trip, $3.00.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Open June 1. new hotel; large dining-room,
telephone, hunting. Cchlng, swimming, bowl-
ing, dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau,
«0 Montgomery «t. DR. W. A. McCORNACK.
proprietor. •.-*.. .
LINDNER'S PARK. OnerneylU*.
A resort' for your family. Partly furnished
cottages, $12 per month and up. Tent* and
platforms. Near Russian River. Board and
room at $7 60 per week. Eeo PECK' 3, 1J
Montgomery, st.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We perspire a pint a
day without knowing it;
ought to ; if not, there's
trouble ahead. The ob-
structed skin becomes
sallow or breaks out in
pimples. The trouble goes
deeper, but this is trouble
enough.
If you use Pears' Soap,
no matter how often, the
skin is clear and soft and
open and clear.
Sold all over the world.
0 JorH^A
You can't get a. better valuo B
for the money anywhere. All my a
Cutlery is high grade. This H
knife Is thoroughly dependable; b
blade is of finest tempered steel; I
handle comes in several mate- n
rials, including pearl. H
Buy a. good Razor for 31.00. H
I have a special Razor that I am ft
pp'iV.ns at this Jiirure. Other B
places would charjre more, I'm %
Disking a reputation on this H
value. e
Sctasors and other kinds of fi
Cutlery at my usual low prices. a
Razor Strops as low as 25c. fl
I Two bars Williams 1 l6c Shav- g
Ing Soap, 15c. * M
I Hail orders promptly filled. M
THAT MAN PITTS, 1
? F. W. PITTS, The Stationer, ffj
1008 KAEKET ST., Above Powell. $E
I SAN FRANCISCO. V
r — -f .--:•¦„ mrJ>
Highland
Springs
Has More Distinctive Folntf That Ap-
peal to Those Going- to the Country
Than Any Other Resort.
THE VARIETY AND EXCELLENCE
OF THE BATHS AND MINERAL
WATERS; the many amusements —
dancing, swimming, tennis, bowling, cro-
quet, shuffleboard, etc.; a fine three-pleco
orchestra; the shady grounds; electric
lights; good table; plastered rooms;
dairy; livery stable, etc., prove this.
Terms, $10.00 up.
For booklet and rates address
H. R. DUFF1N, 638 Market St.,
or CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs, Lake Co., CaL
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis
Not Sulphur
Springs San Lu £, Oblspo '
The most ideal resort for pleasure and
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip tlrket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs, San Luis
Obitpo. Cal., and return, tneludlmr stage
to and from eprlnes and one week's
board for f2O.OO to $22.04), according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations I*.O.4M> to 912.0O per week.
Scenic surroundings. free bathlntr.
bcatlns and fishing on grounds. Fine
fhady walk*, tennis and croquet grounds'.
dance pavilion for ruests. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Oas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Oblspo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or sanatorium.
B Situated tn Vendorae Park of 12 ,
B acres, a charming summer resort;
¦ both city and country advantages;
¦ automobile garage on the grounds
V free to guests. Bathing pavilion,
I bowling alleys, tennis, etc. New au-
S to road map ot the county mailed on
¦ application.
I J. T. BROOKS. Manager.
PARAISO SPRINGS
Monterey County, Cal.
The most popular sanitary and health
resort in California. Completely renovated
and Improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur baths, large
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to F. W.
SCHHOEDER, Manager, or PECK"S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU, 11 Montgomery »U
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BY THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Crux County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Opened May 16 under entirely new man-
acement Round trip trlckets from San Fran-
cisco $3 For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery St.. 3. F.. or to WILLIAM O.
DODGE, Lesaee.
Harbin Springs
Mcst desirable in Lake Co.; contains sulphur.
Iron, magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles; new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court .nnd bill lard-room. ¦ Acetylene gas
plant, livery, home dairy, fine vegetable garden.
Rcund trip tickets, S. P. office, $7. J. A.
HAYS. Proprietor. ; .
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below GuerneviUe In a wrove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 4O new
boats; will build a dam In the river; 4 miles
of smcoth vrater fur boating and bathing.
Adults $2 per day, $10 per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
PIUS. Carno Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County, Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS~
Beswlck, Slsklyou County, California.
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.. or at J.
MARTENS. V Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co., Cal.
. . - . .— ' — >¦'._. Menlo Park, one hour from
lint I TIP city- lne trains dally. IVr-
HIEl I I Y fect climate; beautiful place;
1 1 w III W comfort and quiet; excellent
table.
AddreCTW.J.MSREDITH. Mgr.. Holtt'a School.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved; 1900 feet altitude; no
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot, cold baths; spring water; cement
swimming tank. 40x80. Rates $8 week up; stags
meets train. Schuler tt Scbeben, Napa, CaL
JOHANNISDERG.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, -swimming, boat-
ing; $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
EN'BURO JR.. Prop., Oakvllle, Napa Co., or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 80 Montgomery st.
||pp5|§|J X IB IN T &
jyiiH^M^SffiS Awnlnjri, Hammocks,
§«3&c322fc»3 Bars
UBSKaUK&XBI W. A. PLUMMEB.
Tel. Main 5*9. Ill Clay st.
RFDfiCHFIM Doubtfully situated In the
DCKU JllLlill . Santa Cruz Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $8 per week. For particulars address O.
F. BIEDENWEG, R. XX 121. Santa Crus.Cal.THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1901
12
BUSINESS CHANCRE CoBtlaned.
A— CAMERON St CO. Phone South 1050.
* S Eddy St., corner Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chancas.
FOR sale — Well-furnished 6-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; all modern conveniences; new. one
year; price $2200 complete. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy Et.
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent; 6V4 years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners in city; do-
ing fln«> business; other interests cause sale;
price $0000. S*e CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
centra! location; established fl years; rent
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy «t.
FOR fale — Carriage innd wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc. ;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 8 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy it.
$S50 — Grocery & bar; good district: bargain.
$1200— Roadhouse. with 6 years' lease.
$650— Restaurant: heart of the city: bargain.
BERG, ARMSTRONG & CO.. 318 Kearny st.
$1200 — LODGING-HOUSE; finest high-price I
transient location; a money-maker: can have
long lease. Exclusively BERG, ARM-
STRONG & CO., 318 Kearny st.
PACIFIC Real Estate Co.. 1015 Market st.
$90: cigar store, at corner saloon.
$2000; roadhouse, bar: thoroughly modern.
J1200 and $550; swell flats. Van Ness ave.
$1100; grocery and bar on Folsom st.
$300; grocery and liquor store; 3 living rma.
$350— SECURES half interest in fine paying
commission business clearing $150 monthly to
each: references exchanged: experience un-
necessary. ''Ut must be sober and reliable.
Particulars. 1OO7>4 Market st., room 1.
$325— PARTNER wanted; manufacturing artl- i
cles uf daily use; sure profit of $90 a month
to rach: owner well known practical man.
DONNELLY CO., 632 Market st.
A COUNTRY grocery and general merchandise
Ftore for sale; price J1400. Box 1041. Call.
FOR sale — Shelving and fixtures at a bargain.
Hrownstone Wine Co., 320 Market st.
FOR sale — Small laundry route; horse, wagon,
etc.; bargain. Box 1106, Call offlce.
FOR sale— Coffee, tea and spice route over
18 years' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from buslnees. For particulars In-
quire at 119 Front st., between 11 a. m.
ar.d 1 p. ro. '
A GOOD established bakery for sale In Sacra-
mento; has fine family and store trade; es-
tablished 2." year*. Fcr particulars H.
SCHMIDT, box W2, Sacramento. Cal.
FOR sale — Groceries and general merchandise
More In town not far from San Francisco:
stock will invoice about $1400; good business
for man and .wife. Particulars box 835, Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED ccal yard for sale; well
located; r.ear St. Francis Hotel; rent $25;
lease- good stock on hand: one horse and
wagon; price $:!00. Box 100S, Call.
ONE of the best groceries in the Mission for
sale as a whole or in part; good family
liquor trade. Address box 1096, Call offlce.
GERMAN with $2000 to buy half Interest in
mfg buflnees; new Invention; a bona flde
propositir.n; investigate. Box IW1, Call.
SALOON for sale at YoUntvlII*. Napa County;
reasonable. Inquire of DEAN HOWARD,
Callstoga, Cal., box 11.
WOHKINGMEN'S hotel; nicely located; good
trade; 45 rooms; full all the time and bar.
Box 2597. Call.
RESTAURANT and bar and 10 furnished
rooms for sale; very cheap. 8 Union St.,
ntar Front.
WANTED — To buy or lease a good hotel in
country town. Address with particulars box
1C5S, Call offlce.
FOR sale — Cheap, branch bakery. Apply 768
Church st, corner 20th.
FOR rent cheap, small restaurant. Apply at
200 Ninth st.
KKSTAURANT for sale in good location; nea •
California et. Full particulars box 3547. Call.
FOR sale — Coal, wood and Wd business in
Oakland very low. Box 2577. Call.
WANTED — Grocery, with bar attached; price
not to exceed $1750. Box £99. Call.
DELICATESSEN store for sale; nicely located
in the Mission; fine trade. Box 844, Call.
GROCERY and dellcaclej for sale in North
Beazh. Box 1079, Call.
WANTED— Cigar stand. Box 1038, Call office.
$325 — SALOON and license; will sell at bar-
gain. Inquire 570 and 572 Howard st.
A CANDY store and factory: must sell; cheap
rent: come malie offer. 328 Hayes st.
cTcAR stand and billiard hall. 155 Seventh
H.; cheap.
CALL route for sale; a fine large Call route
In the city of Alameda. Box 2179. Call.
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
BONA FIDE OPENING to June 18; 200
rooms; some elecant furniture: building
NEW and MODERN; long lease; low rent;
price $15,000; cut to $70»X): Vi cash.
MARION GRIFFtX.
SUMPTUOUSLY FURNISHED 50-room house:
highly respectable and now clearing $214
monthly; opened In May, 1903; 5-year lease;
everything strictly first class.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SNAP THIS— 26 rooms for $1000: north of
Market; 2-year lease; low rent: sunny side:
not gorgeously furnished, but doing a good
business. MARION GRIFFIN.
SEVERE SICKNESS causes sale of 24-room
house for $1100; certainly worth $1500; c«n-
trally located; terms H cash; profit $75,
should be $1000 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW AND MODERN corner house of 43
rooms; beautifully furnished In mahogany,
Mrdseye maple; velvet carpets; 4 blocks
north of Market; Ions lease If desired.
MARION GRIFFIN.
FIRST-CLASS furniture: new carpets: 20 large
rooms; rent ?85: strictly respectable; profit
exactly $72 monthly; price $1ROO; near Geary
wt.: sunny side. MARION GRIFFIN.
N. B.— 14 LARGE rooms and big porches In
fine neighborhood; respectable, steady ten-
ants; 2 floors: very easy to care for: worth
$1200; cut to $700; clears $40.
MARION GRIFFIN.
AND a $1000 house golmj for $500;
It's a nice, newly painted 10-room house In
the geographical center of the city; rent $40
and income $74 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEARLY $3000 profit yearly; fine big house.
well furnished; nice class of men roomers;
caati price $6000, or % • cash and \$ In other
property; It's a fine proposition.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SELECT FAMILY HOTEL; 40 rooms; clearing
$195 monthly; price $25OOf
MARION GRIFFIN.
CASH $100, balance $10 monthly; 8-room cor-
ner flat; newly calclmlned: piano. ¦¦
MARION GRIFFIN.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease... $3500
26 room#, all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country transient.. 6000
31 rooms, rent only $55 1500
40 rooms, rent $70, transient 1500
81 rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny St.
TO LODGING-HOUSE PEOPLE— ~~"
$1800 buys 22-room house on Market it,
clearing $100 up per month; steady roomers and
neat house. See
EUREKA REALTY CO.. 783^ Market st.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
If you want to buy a house or flat on easy
terms, large list to select from. try-MITCH-
ELL fc CO.
$300— 10-ROOM lodging-bouse: always full: in-
come $30. Inquire 823 Howard st., after 12 m.
0 AND 22 roomed house for sale cheap; snap;
&• agents. 257 Btevensoo sU . . ...
COMECmO» OTPICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
¦ Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 55S0.
CTJRES BtrPTTTBE.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder. $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market St.: send for circular.
. CLOTHING BENOYATI1TO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COTTAGES TO LET.
3- ROOM cottage in Sausalito; furnished; $20
month. 40 Clinton Park, city.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 73S Mission
St., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the west;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
" more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night stsslons; Illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEOE. 1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing.' bookkeeping; $3 mo.
AYRES the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket it.: established IS years; special discount
during month of June; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mines A Electrlclty.24 Post
st.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING -Adults. Mon. and Fri. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5: priv. lessons daily. Flnd-
lsy's Hall, 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey assay, cyanide: day. ev. : est. 1S«4. Van
der Nalllrn School. 113 Fuiton. nr. City Hall.
ARITHMETIC, algebra.bookkeeplng.shorthand;
day, eve. Western Bus. College. 1107 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ¦
A— ORPHKUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.: tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Offlce, 415 Stockton;
beat help. Fritz Tamagakl. mgr.; tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employnvnt Of-
fice: nil kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
-
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A WOMAN cook wishes a situation as cook In
a liotel or small boarding-house; no dish-
washing: city or country. 9C1 Mission St.-
A SWEDISH girl, lately landed, would like
position to do general housework. Call at 73
Julian ave., between 14th and 15th sts.
A YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework!
and plain cooking In a small family; wages
$15 a month. Call 11 >£ Bruce place.
GIRL wishes to assist in small family; prefer
adults; reftrences; no postals. Parties will
pleaso call in person. 1022 Larkin st.
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant woman desires
l>osltlon aa housekeeper for elderly couple.
Address box 1221. Call offlce. Oakland.
HOUSEKEEPER, superior, wishes re-engage-
ment, good manager; fond of children; refer-
ences. LEX. 218 Haight St. |
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer, with
knowledge of bookkeeping, desires a position
as offlce assistant. Dox 1032, Call offlce.
EAST1- RN girl wishes position' as nursegirl.
2714 Harrison st.
A NEAT young German lady wishes situation
as housekeeper. 20 Devlsadero st.
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes a situ-
ation, housework and cooking, city or coun-
try: wages $25. 100 Eighth st.
A GERMAN girl, first-class cook, wages $40-
$45. wishes a position In country. Call,
arter 9 o'clock, at (i53% Hyde st.
WOMAN wants situation in small family to
take care of children or housework: city or
country. Address 536 Third st. MRS. CLU-
NESS.
WIDOW with two children, ages 2 and .1
years, wishes housekeeper's position In aged
party's or couple's home. Box 3587, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing or
houoecleanlng; $1 50 and carfare. Call or
address MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes St.
REFINED young lady would like position as
nurse fnr child In refined home; best of refer-
ence. Box 3505, Call offlce.
NEAT, competent woman desires work by the
day. Apply 813 Baker st.
FIRST-clasB dressmaker will go out by the
day; $2 a, day. 407 Van Ness avV
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT^WANT^ED—MALB.
CARPENTER, cabinetmaker, thoroughly ex-
perienced, good workman, understands his
business, also good draughtsman for cabinet
work, wants work; $3 day. Box 1040, Call.
BARKEEPER, German, married, reliable, true,
sober, 11 years In one place, Fresno County,
wants place In city. Address TRUE, care
Hartmann, 516 Second st.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation in a grocery store and barroom;
first-class city references. W. BOHLING,
417 Kearny st.
MECHANICAL engineer wants situation;
young man with Eastern education and ex-
perience. Address box 1104. Call offlce.
EASTERN young man wants situation: expe-
rienced at responsible positions. Address
box 1171. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; under-
stands care of horses, cows, garden, etc., or
housework. Box 1102. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED young German bookkeeper
wants position; best references; modest sal-
ary. Box 1033. Call offlce.
$100 COUNTRY lot given for steady work; in-
telligent old resident S. F. Box 1036, Call.
I. C. SCHOOL student In window dressing de-
sires position as assistant. Box 1035, Call.
DRUGS — Wanted position in Nevada; compe-
tent. Box 1034. Call offlce.
GROCERY clerk wishes position In retail gro-
cery house; best references. Box 1013, Call.
GARDENER wants situation; competent to
grow a mixed collection of orchids; best of
references. Box 1030, Call.
YOUNG man wants work, care of horses, cows
garden, etc., or housework. Box. 1031, Call!
MARRIED man wishes situation as foreman
or manager of dairy or ranch; long experi-
ence and best of references given. Box 1050,
Call offlce.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, - good designer
and detaller, 18 years' experience mining,
stationary, marine, wants position or work
at home. Box 3503. Call.
A BRIGHT, honest young man of 17 resid-
ing- with parents, wishes to work In" whole-
sale house or learn good trade; one who can
furnish best of references. Box 1068, Call.
ENGINEER wishes' steady position running
boilers and dynamoes; all-round work; good
' mechanic; best references. Address 316
LaiiKton st.. city.
CARPENTER, cabinetmaker, thoroughly ex-
perienced, good workman, understands his
business, also good draughtsman for cabinet
work, wants work; $3 a day. Box 1025, Call.
NURSE ". (male) requires position;' graduate
training school; six years' experience mental
. cases; first-class references. P. R., 1235 Mar-
ket st. ¦
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged man as
valet in flrst-clasa private family: would
travel; references given. Box 1052, Call.
YOUNG man wants position: will do any kind
of work. Address box 3580. Call offlce. '
A STRONG young man (23) wishes a position
to work around country store: can drive a
team preferences. , Address 1115 Stelner st.
YOUNG single man,' Just from East, wants po-
sition as coachman: experienced horseman;
-references given. Call ins i. Ninth St., city.
Painter, paper-hauger. signwriter,' wants work;
. tools f urn. 1272 Folaom st. ; phone Mint 131. '
l.nnRlSO HOliSKS FOR SAI,r. Cnn, i
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
S Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
7-room modern flat close In, well furnished,
cost $(500, at bargain if sold at once; $300.
C5 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flrst-claus condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
17- rooms; rent' only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
— — !
128 rooms; cheap rent: long lease: first-class,
up-to-dat<» downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in:
clears $40O per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and 'mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance:
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month: to be sold at a bargain yon account
of departure.
fr rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $80; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best propoeltlon in city; price $3200.
7-room flat;, rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; tan be run In conjunction if desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness interests demand immediate departure. .
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part tash, balance time; price $900.
305 rooms; cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month: call for particulars.
19 rooms; rent only $100: well furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to $1500.
25 rooma: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
1111! ; doing fine business; will trade for large
apnrtraent-house and pay cash difference.
21 rooms; corner; rent only ?S5; oak fur.:
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;, price
$1600.
ISO rooms: grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $i;00 per month;
close .in: full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
126 rooms; rent only S! per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $4<X» to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
Larre list of real estate, rooming-houses
ami bufclne«s. for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Lodging-house: 231 Third st.: 20
rooms; 'owner sick; price $l»50; rent $75.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
15 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
LODGING MOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— To buy lodging house of about 30
to 35 rooms. Box 823, Call offlce.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine solrit messages to-
night. 10c; 619 McAllister; all private read-
ings dally. 760 Central ave., Seventh-st.
station. Alameda.- _¦
MRS J. J. WHITNEY,
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
reader. 120C Market st.. Gait House :
C. V. MILLER, materializing seance. Wednes-
¦ v'.ay, 8 p. m., 60c. 1084 Bush st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seance* ev. night
except Sat.: 10c:' sit." 10 to 8. 14S Sixth st.
PRO"" FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant snd
elate -writer. 1112 Eddy St.: phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ASSURED Success for You.
Call at once and - save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $i $i $i n $i
No charge — No charge
'Unless you cbtatn the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
lYcu to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I tell
you If husband, wife or lover is true or false,
whom and when you will marry, how to gain
the love of tbe one you desire: in fact, I will
tell you every hop*. f»ar or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; his advice Is re-
liable, his powers are wonderful and indis-
putable; he Improves your character so that
you will reach the highest possible develop-
ment in mental ar.d bodily vigor, health,
happiness and capacity to earn wealth: th*
controlling power Implanted In your nature,
so you can control any one Becretly; gives
. advice on mining and buried treasure; gives
you success In life; he guarantees you suc-
cess or charges nothing for hi* services. 10
a. m. to 8 p. ra. ; closed Sunday.
326 O'Farrell street— 326.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS $1.
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised promise.
He is acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true exponent of the occult science; for
overcoming trouble, bad luck, 111 health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries, would
It not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who is permanently locaUd at
428 Eddy st.; lady attendant.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of th* past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant i..~-Mum.
card reader, born with a double veil ana sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; I.
60c, g. by cards $1: palmistry and clairvoyant
' sit.. $1 50. 290 O'Farrell St.. near Mason.
A— Miss M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly '
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names 'given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
Mrc.A.H.Kronenberg.palmist, clalrvoyant.card
reader;when others fall try me:good readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.Q.ave.Tel.Larkln4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given ;25c up. 835 Howard. bet.4th*5th.
MISB WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts; rt-adlngg daily. 917 Market st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader;. la. 25c:
genta 50c. 951 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open 9un.
MME. ODELL returned ;clalrvoyant, card read-
«r; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddj-.
MIIS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. 23 V4
Hlxth st.; ladies 25c; gents BOc. •
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress, will
. return' from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortun*.
teller, is now at 817 Ellis st.
MRS.'SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader sit-
tings, dally. 4^8^ Jessie st.. bet, oth and 6th.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made;, old platea made over like new; teeth
. from $8 per get;. extracting BOc; gas given.
DR. KNOX, dentist, now located at the
Grant building, 1095 Market, 2d floor: all
first-class dentistry at low prices. ¦ .
ARTHUR CHISHOLM surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; 'crowns. $2 up; fillings. 25c.
FREE, examination with- chart 'at the New
York Dentists. 969 Mission st.. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 76c: silver. 35c: crowns.' $2; no
*ain; open Sucdays. Dr.O.B.H»wlU,2Q4 Suttr.
KMPLOY3IENT WASTED MALE.
STEADY young man wishes position on gen-
tleman's place; understands care of horses,
etc.: can milk; references. Box 1105, Call.
YOUNG man, well educated and capable, now
acting as special coast agent for a large
English company, desires to make a perma-
nent connection with a responsible house on
the coast; best of references; Al salesman.
Box 1508, 1003 Market st.
HOTEL manager, caterer or steward; fifteen
years' references four years as manager, C.
P R Railroad, Southern Pacific; hotal and
club references: English: age 35; married:
no family. Box 3517. Call office.
COACHMAN, thoroughly understands care of
horses; good gardener; wife good cook and
laundress; references. ~ S. P.. 444% Jessie st.
SOBER energetic young married man, good
education, wants position; «P* r J e ?.? e< * j"
clubs and grocery business. Box IQUJ. can.
WNTED — Position by Japanese couple: man
Is good cook and wife for general house-
work. F. FUJI I, 539 Stevenson st.
JAPANESE first-class cook would like a situa-
tion In private family, thoroughly under-
stands his work, with several years' exper.-
ence. 121 Halght St.
JAPANESE honest boy wants position^ «s bed-
maker in hotel or lodging-house. 869 Geary
, su; telephone Hyde 2084. -
JAPANESE couple want places; man aa plain
cook wife to do housework and wait at
table ; wages $35 up month. 451 Jessie «t^
JAPANESE boy wants position as butler;- has
good recommendation: city or country. 13M
Post St.. Japanese Mission: phone Polk 215 <¦
JAPANESE nice boy wants a position as wait-
er and houseworker in good family. HE>-
RY. 121 Halght St.. Japanese Y. M. C. A.
JAPANESE student, temperate and reliable.
wants position In small family. Box 2162.
Call.
AN honest young Japanese, who speaks good
English wishes to make beds or housework.
Y. NAKA. box 1097. Call.
JAPANESE boy wants to care for garden and
horse In country. 725 Geary st. _^
' JAPANESE bookkeeper desire* suitable work.
291 N Second St.. San Jose.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co., 62O Larkln St.;
tef. 175S. S. G. HENRRY.
flats to let. '
a7a^ioT?se~renting department.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are liflt-
ed In our free renting department; over 10C0
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fail: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST.
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-2K)
Geary st:, on the square.
VAN NESS ave.. 629— Lower corner flat: sep-
erate marble entrance; elegant wood finish;
bllllard-room etc.; rent $75. on lease only.
Apply on premises. 11 a. m. to 4 p. m., or
to BALDWIN' & HOWELL.
NOE. 1C50 — Beautiful new flat: sunny corner;
5 rooms and bath: all modern Improvements;
low rent; convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fourth st. cars.
A FLAT. .1 large rooms: double parlor; owner
on premises Wednesday. 819 Jessie St., or
JOSEPHINE WILSON. San Mateo. Cal.
BRODERICK. 1433. nr. PostV-$30; 6-room flat,
with 4 nice chambers In atnc; new porcelain,
open plumbing; sun every rm. Tel. Scott 4341.
Connecticut Bi9. near' Twentieth—
Sunny flat; Just finished; 5 rooms; bath and
basement; $17. _^__^___
EIGHTEENTH. 4130, " near Castro st. — Mod-
ern upper sunny flat, five rooms, bath and
laundry; rent low; no children.
VERY light, sunny, modern 7-room upper flat:
rent reduced. 284 Frederick st.. nr. park
panhandle : Masoqlc ave. car to door.
CASTRO. 64<5— Elegant modern sunny top flat,
6 rooms, bath, basement, yard. $25.
CLAYTON. filSVi. near Halght— Lower flat;
3 sunny rooms; $13.
FILLMORE, 1124 — 7-room flat; modern; rooms
all light; rent reasonable.
FREDERICK, 367— 7-room. sunny upper flat;
latest improvement*; $30.
COUGH. 445 — Fine flat: 6 rooms and bath;
rent $35.
HAYES. 692. cor. Buchanan — Nice sunny flat;
6 rooms and bath: modern Improvements.
LAKE. 740-742 — New flats. 6 rooms each; rent
$22 50 and $27 60; fine view.
LARGEST Hat of houses and flats to let. Call
on I-YON * HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.*i
FLATS TO LET — FCIINI5HED.
TlAIGHT. 129S. Buena Vista, cor. Central ave.
—Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished;
house has all conveniences and is situated in
select neighborhood.
FLAT— 5 rooms; furnished: sunny: corner
Stelner and Ellis; $35. MURDOCK. Chrord-
cle building. -
COMPLETE furnishings 7-room flat for sale.
including piano. $400. 246 Chattanopga st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Post at., near Powell.
FOR sale — Furniture of a 6-room flat complete
from parlor to kitchen. Box 2536. Call offlce.
Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market.
furnishes everything for the house; low prices
F~URNITURE stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger, 439 Valencia. nr.lOth.Tel.Church 3S79
CHEAPEST place in city for second-hand fur-
niture. 986 Geary st. Tel. Polk 1477.
FURNITURE WASTED.
' ABE LEVY.
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 781.
Don't s'.ll your furniture, carpets, offlce fur-
plture. etc , until you get his estimate.
WANTED — To buy furniture of a 6 or 7-room
flat. Box 3550. Call offlce.
WANTED— A chiffonier; state price. Box
1021. Call of flee.
WANTED — To buy carpets and rugs in good
condition. Box 836, Call offlce. ¦
CHAS * LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlturc.carpets.etc. 7S2 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
\VA^TCD^C^o~k7^ew~boarders. $35: cook for
men $35: cook. $30. and second girl, $25. both
same house. Ross Valley; French or Scandi-
navian girl for cooking, no washing, for one
in family and three In help, for Los Gatoa.
$30- chambermaid for sanitarium. $2*: girl
for general housework on ranch. $25. no
women about ;,' second girl. $25: head wait-
ress $30- 3 waitresses. $25; girls for house-
work, for Woodland $25, Oakland $25: .&
girls for housework, nice places in city, $20
and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT * CO..
334 Sutter st. \
A COOK, country. $J0; cook. Menlo Park. $40;
waitress. $25: houseglrl. $30; chambermaid.
Institution. $25: housekeeper $20: n w °5!f. n
with a 'hild. $15: housegirl, 2 In farnlly.!L5.
cook. boaYdlng-house. $35. MRS. NORTON.
313 Suttcr st. ;
A-WANTED- 60 waitresses for springs and
resort ffff-^ggfc cq., 429 Bu,h st.
Go'den Gate Employment Offlce. 1211 Ninth
ave " off H ' st.. alongside of Golden Gate
Park and next door to Public Library; free
reading-room for ladle*; best help provided
for all purposes, tot city and country
.throughout the States; imilleit offlce
charges; employers please pay half the offlce
fee; money orders payable to T. SPEAK-
MAN. Station G. San Francisco.
YOUNG lady; housekeeper In small private
family- member Methodist Society and ran-
"clan preferred. Box 1012. Call offlce.
WANTED — Good stenographer owning type-
writer: salary 19- Apply room 553 Parrott
building.
WVN'TED — An experienced saleslady: lace de-
partment. Call STRAUSS & FROHMA.V.
\ lt>7 Post st.
¦WANTED — Errand girl. Apply millinery store.
138 Geary st. ¦'
IRONERS wanted. Apply United States
Laundry. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
GIRL and lroners. National Laundry, 411
Sanchez st.
GERMAN girl for upstairs work at Altenheim.
. -Frultvale; wages $25. 408 Front st. 8. F.
STFNOGRAPHER and typewriter: must be
; good, at figures: references: state experience.
and salary expected. Address box 1107. Call.
EXPERIENCED ' woman, assist housework.
1 |15 per ma Call 1120 Goujn si, after 6 p. m.
HKLP WAITED — FEMALE— Cob,
A "WOMAN for cooking and light wash tor
Mare Island. $-'!0; 2 hotel waitresses for
plain hotel at. a camp; dishwasher for a hos-
pital. $20. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter
St.. near Powell.
A WOMAN to put up fruit and make »cnv»
salads; very easy hours; $.1O a month ar.d
board. MISS PLUNKETT'S, 423 Sutter at.,
near Powell.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslag.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to 2
in 2 wetks: $5 to these entering now; 3 po-
- sltior.s to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school ia
•West. 233 Geary wt.. room 13.
A— GIRL to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to flnlsa
In 1 month for $15; position as trimmers,
salesladies, etc. guaranteed at $10 per wit up-
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 1.1.
Hairdresslng, manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair- $5 Z
wks: day. eve. class; positions recured. highest
wages. Removed from 120S Mkt. to 133 Powell.
WANTED — An experienced young girl to dr>
chamberwork and waiting; wages $C5 Apply
1414 Green st.
WANTED — A good waitress. 432 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS pants finishers. 744 Market st.
room 27.
YOUNG clrl to assist with housework and
children. $15. 1S21 Point Lobes ave.
TALENTED amateur performen. Apply at
Chute*, g p. m.. Wednesday; salary no o&Jsct.
WOMAN to enter mercantile business who can
hold responsible position after training and
experience. Box 3502. Call.
SIX lady barbers wanted. Call at roo.-n 500
Mutual Bank building.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops in August.
Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery St.. 3.8".
A BRANCH offlc* of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
Pbaaa Main 1191— «38 Commercial st.
Nevada. 8 hours' work, special shipment to-
day, full fare refunded in 10 days, the boss
is here and gives you written guarant«* on
this: to the sawmills, north, 10 lumber pliers.
$2 to $2 50 day; tt laborers. $2; ona lath
man. $2 25; one bolter. $2 25, and roan to
throw out stock. $2; free fare. 8 hours' work,
long Job, $«). take this. Arizona, ship daily,
fare $10 50; free fare. 2-horse teamsters, $«<«.
to build electric li. R. ; San Bernardino Co..
Clark R. R. ; woodchoppers, 4-ft. wood, $1 50
cord, Mendocino. San Luis Obispo and Tuol-
umn© counties; we want men with teams
for R. R. grading; band sawyer, sticker hand
and mill men. kee boss here. $3 r.O to $t day;
2 carpenters, concrete forms; 8 teamsters.
20c fare, $2 25 day; night bellboy, city
hotel. $15 and found.
BUTLER. $45 and found; cook and helper.
country. $75; attendant for invalid. $25 and
found; 2 hotel cooks, country, $80; fry cook.
$14 week; cook for few men. $25; baker,
country shop, week and found; bedsiaker,
$3 week; elevator boy. $30; night clerk. $20
and found, and others; waiter boy. $25. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
MARRIED foreman, farmer, $70 for Southern
California; carriage setter, $63 and found;
timber feller. $tJO and found; 2 crosscut saw-
yers. $40 and found: laborers about mil!,
$2 50 day; teamster, $2 50 day; 2 carpenters.
$4 day; blacksmiths. $1 50 and $2 5O and
board and $3 day; blacksmith helpers. $•>
and $35 and found; macT-.tne men for sash
and door factory. $3 50 day; man for private
place. $30; farmers, milkers and ethers. J.
F. CROSETT &. CO.. 623 Sacramento St.
AT C. It. HANSEN ft CO'S. Employment Offlce.
429 Bush st. 642 Clay st.
Clerk, commercial hotel, country $BO
Chef, summer resort, $8O
2d cook, hotel, north. far» paid Ji-">
Combination cook, R. R house, free far». .$•;•"•
Cook, country hotel, free fare $tfi»
Cook, country restaurant, free fare $50
2d cook. R. R house, free fare $4O
Colored cook, country hotel, free far*. ...$'>•
All around butcher, country shop % ¦¦•
Washer. Lake Tahoe .....v $10
Nevada Government work 8 hours.
•4 rough carpenters $2 day found
100 laborers and teamsters. .$2. $2 25 day
Fare refunded after 10 days' work.
6 rough carpenters, near city $4 day
Granite stone cutter $4. $4 50 day
Tool sharpener and blacksmith. R. R.
camp $3 50 da?
Tanners, milkers $35 and found
C It. HANSEN £ CO.. EmDloyment Office.
429 Bush st. 642 Clay st.
AT the California Employment Agency.
14 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 40S.
fnlted States Government work.
B0 teamsters and laborers. $2 to $2 25 day.
$10 05 far*. Florence, Ariz. Fare. $10 03.
SAWMILL CREW.
Gang edgerman. see boss her*. $60 found.
2 pool tenders. $55 and found.
Shingle Jointer, see boss here. $45 and found.
Board puller. $45 a month and board.
2 tail edgermen. $40 a month and board.
2 second trtmmermen. $40 month and bonrd.
1 offbearer. $40 a m. nth and board.
10 lumber pliers. $35 to $40 and board.
10 Slavonian laborers, sawmill. $35 fd.
2 carpenters. Government Job, $3 day.
Choreroan. ranch, fare $1. $25 found.
Cook, hotel, near city, $oO found.
Dishwasher, same hctel. $25 found.
Cook and wife, hotel. $75 found.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 8rd St
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY. ~~"
95 Tbird St., telephone Main 5521.
NEVADA. FREE FAR&
Teamsters, $2 25; laborers. $2.
Pipe line, south, fare $8 50.
Laborers. $2 25.
Pick and shovel. $2, near city.
Southern California teamsters. $2.
HORD & SMITH.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY~
602 Clay st. Phone James 2473.
Nevada. — Government work — Nevada.
Teamsters $2 25 day
Drillers $2 25 day
Laborers $2 day
Fare refunded after ten consecutive days'
work.
Take this. Don't delay.
2 spool tenders $50 month and found.
IN GOD WE TRUST.
Golden Gate Employment Office. 1213 Ninth
ave.. off H st.. alongside of Golden Gate Park
and 'next door to public library — Best mats
help provided for all purposes, city and coun-
try throughout the States: smallest of flea
charges: employers please pay half tha ofCc»
fee. Money orders payable to T. SPEAK-
MAN. station G. San Francisco.
SALESMAN wanted In men's furnishing d»-
partment: must be experienced man of pleas-
Ing address. Apply superintendent's office.
I The Emporium.
FLOORWALKER wanted for a shot store: ap-
ply, giving age. whether married or single;
experienced: reference and salary wanted.
Box 3598. Call offlce.
SOBER, handy, elderly German or Frenchman;
wlnehouse; some exoerteno tending bar:
must state city references. Box 1039. Call.
1-CHAIR barber shop at transfer point; every-
thing first class; nearest shop 3 blocks away:
sickness cause of selling. 3?lt> Fotaom s*.
WANTED — A fioorman In toy department of a
city store. Apply, giving full particulars, to
box 3299, Call offlce.
BARBERS — Good chance to buy a first-class
2-chair shop cheap; owner leaving city. Boa
S572. Call.
WANTED — A steady man to learn a trade;
will make In short time $50 a month. 3101*
Folsom St.. upetntra.
FLOORWALKER wanted In dry goods store.
Apply box 1101. Call offlce.
GOOD carpenter: long Job fbr right man. Call
7 to 8. no later. Vjs Harrison st.
STRONG boy to learn blacksmlthlng; one who
can handle horse; references. 828 Harrison.
WANTED — A few good solicitors; steady, em-
ployment. Apply room* 43-41, 850 Market.
BARBER ehoo'for sale; $50. I30x Mission st.
WANTED— Men and women to prepare fcr
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue gtvlng particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1C05 Market st.
"WANTED — Man to care for two horsea. Ap-
ply 119 Tenth st.. between. 10 and 12.
BOY wanted to work at painting. Call 810 La-
guna street. 6 p. m.
BARBKRS — Good shop in best country town In
the State for sale; 3 chain and baths- good
side business. DECKELMAN BROS.. lOd
E11I.1 st.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push. %
good talker, eager to make monjy. T. PER-
,SON. 477 and 479. Parrott building.
HUSTLING man of good address. Apply 121
Geary st.. room «20.
DISHWASHER wanted. 511 Castro st.
WANTED— 250 men to know that "The B«sf
lodging house Is the cleanest and most com.
fortable In the city; all new; 10o to 2So.
60T California gt. near Kearnj". . ,
. BIEETIXG NOTICES — Continued.
UNITED Artisans* Assembly . \f
No. 200, meets in Red Men's /.yJ\W^
Hall. ."20 Post ft., EVEHY (if /_¦ NJUS
. TUESDAY at 8 p. m. Artl- J/F VM
cans please attend. MRS. i\l / 1 J ¦ff
JENNIE McE. GAL- WfM C
BREATH. Assistant Grand _>JS. [ \^\
Master. _._
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS-^An agency for a proposition that Is
a derided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
WANTED C. E. evancellsts and ministers to
take up cur paying proposition. The Success
General Agency. 20M Mission st.
EASY money for agents. Room C19, 121
Geary St.
ATTOKXEYS-AT-LAW.
W. HOWE. 1122 MARKET ST.
TYI." Jessl* 4711. Established 22 years. Advice
free on nil legal matters; divorces a special-
ty, private, quick; no pa>' in advance; mining
companies organized: patents obtained; wills,
deedp. collections; detectives employed.
n. W." KINCk Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 15
years: all cases, general court and office prac-
tice: no fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3(501.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.. 15
yrs. practlre; refs. from many thousands ot
scldlers, sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
AA— DIVORCE — Coets J12; quick; quiet; advice
free: no charge unless successful.
769 Market St., room 4., bet. 3d and 4th.
DIVORCE — Costs, $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; all law business; no charge unless suc-
cessful; cpen evenings. 827 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce coets $12; no fees or
coets in advance; all law business; office
cien Saturday evenings. 819 Market St., r. 33.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity: advice
free; costs $12. Ad.'B.A.S.. P.O. box 2199. S.F.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market st; consultation
free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
AUTOMOBILEP.
AUTOMOBILES — Livery, garage and sales-
rooms; automobiles of every description,
bought and sold; will buy or yell tecond-
hand machines. See us before vou <lo any-
thing with your machln*. Phone South ~G2.
Pacific States Automobile Co.. 217 Ellis Et.
WILL Bell my white steam Stanhope automo-
bile for $625. Box lOlfi. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a s-t»am automobile for
cath. Box 831. Call offlce.
WANTED — Gasoline automobile; name price
and ctnd'.tion of machln*. Box 3549. Call.
WANTED — To buv an automobile; state kind,
etc. Box . 2535. Call offlce.
RAMBLER automobile for sale. Partlculare
' Box 2.'96. Call office.
J A ; Sra6IAjaE*IEDY.
A Dl Nola's AFthma Remedy relieves instant-
ly: 10c. 25c. BOc 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
BOARDING FOR CUILDRB\.
EXPE1UENCED mother and nurse will board
and car* tor two children from birth upward:
good r'.fer«"nces; terms reasonable. 1709
FraiuiFco st., Berkeley Cal.
WANTED — By an experienced woman, an in-
fant to board. Inquire 212 Seventh st.
CARPET DEATIXG ASfD CLEAXIXG.
COMPREFPEI) Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal ; carpets and rugs are aluo
cleaned by compreefed air «t shop; prices
rroderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co. ;;*''•> Market St.; phones Main 1G2 and
Bush 473.
WHEN you become disgusted with jrour work
send fcr SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Teha-na st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. "i'J Fourteenth st.— Fim-cUsb
carpet cUar.lnr. 3c yard. Tel. Miwglon 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison st,: Al cleaning; Jc Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Works.
3.">3 Golden Gate avs. Telephone East_128. _
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tretscs rr.ade o\'er. 1412 Howard;tel.South_2i6.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM te. CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1500; SALOON in wholesale district; rent
$50; estab. 25 years: a good-payir.g saloon
¦and fine fixtures- value In sight. Call It. G.
WILKE. 26Mt Kearny St.
A— $3500; CORNER saloon: close to Sutter st. ;
place estab. years; doing an excellent busi-
ness- lease- rent $115; net rent $4S; elegant
fixture*. See R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny.
A — $15,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
less than $1000 per month; location and busi-
n»«s can't Le beat. See R. G. WILKE, 2614
Kearny st.
A— $800; PARTNER wanted in offlce of manu-
facturer's acent; a first-class offer for good
nan: $500 to be Invested in business; offlce
clears about $250 per month. See R. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny st. •
A— $700; BAKERY across the bay; established
years and doing a first-class paying store
trade: value in sight. All particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26'/4 Kearny st.
A— $C00; YOUNG and active man wanted to
run grill room in one of the finest barrooms
in this city; no rent to pay; references want-
ed. See It. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2250; CORNER saloon on Montgomery St.;
established many years; rent $S5; lease; a
good-paying place and well advertised. Call
It. G. WILKE. 20H Kearny st.
A— 52200; ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse: Road-
hcuse! With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lease: a first-class paying resort. See R. G.
WILKE. 20 '4 Kearny ft.
A— $&C0; CORNER saloon; rent $20; a splendid
location In the Mission; place aolng a bu»l-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKE,
i-'tiVi Kearny et.
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $450; BARBER shop: 3 chairs; best location
in the Mii-slon; rent $15. See R. Q. WILKE,
_26M; Kearny st.
A— $2.V)0; SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
kc-t -t.; low rent: good lease; elegant fix-
tures and a first-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26 hi Kearny st.
A— $000; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds,
good furniture; lease; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny^st.
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market.~~F.llU and
Stockton Ets.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lithe-J years; first-class business. Call It. G.
_XVILKE. 26% Keamy st.
A— $::50: BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
Mon- with 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location;
good business. See R, G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st.
A — $375 cigar stand, transfer corner; rent $25:
good paying place. R. G. Wilke. 26% Kearny
NOTICE TO HARDWARE MEN—
Wo have listed on our books. an old-estab-
lished store In splendid location that clears
$;>o0 up per month; stock will more than In-
voice price asked and no dead stock; we can
convince you that this Js the biggest bargain
In this line. In San Francisco; price $5000.
For further particulars call at
EUREKA REALTY CO..
¦ 7S3% Market
FOR ALL INTENDING ~
GOING INTO BUSINESS.
We have a thoroughly up-to-date list of busi-
ness bargains of all kinds: if you have not
found the place you are looking for, cal! on us
and we fe»l sure that we will be able to locate
you to your satisfaction.
EUREKA KEALTY CO.. '
783% Market st.. near 4th. rooms 3 and 4.
TO CIGAR MEN—
$350 buys good paying cigar stand near
Market st. with reasonable rent. Apply at
EUREKA REALTY CO.. 763% Market st.
FOR sale — A good restaurant, nicely located on
Bush at.; fine trade and clearing a good
profit over expenses; will give reasons for
celling to legitimate buyer; no tiiflers. "Box
2.129. Call office. . ,
tion BUYS fine paying restaurant north of
Market; will stand thorough investigation;
bargain. California Invest. Co.. 777% Mrket.
RESTAURANT for sale on the Central Pa"
cine Railroad at a good point for meals.
Box 885 Call.
WANTED — Restaurant In good location. Ad-
Cress, with cartlculan. box 860. rill. ; ' ¦ J
Tm^CALLi
¦ 1
JOII>~ D. SPRECKELS.. .-Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN McSfAPGHT. : ti ; » *.'. '^Manager
W. j. Business Manager
TEX DOLLARS BEWAKD.
Notify The Call Office if You Miss
Your l*ai»cr.
If for any cau«e THE CAM. 1» not fl»-
tlvered resrularly to «ub»crltoer» pleaie
call up "CAXXi EXCHANGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk in cnarpe. Your com-
plaint will receive prcj»pt attention.
A standing- reward of Ten Dollars
(S10.C0) is offered for tlie arrest and
ccsvicticn of any cas caught stealiasr
XHS CALL..
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator Win Con-
nect You With th« Department \ou -\> .an.
Publication Offlce Market and Tblrd. S. F.
Editorial Kocsm 217 to 221 gtevesson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ct». Per J^'*. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts
Terms by Maii. Including Postage (.Cash « »tn
Order;: ,„ „
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 year... $8 00
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 6 mos... 4_00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •»=
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year •¦j~
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year • • • -¦•• l ;™
rr , prlr .. f Dally... $S. 60 Per Tear txtra
SS \ Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POiTAOE. 1 Weekly. 1 00 Per Year Kxtra
ALL POSTMASTERS A HK AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
fccrrr.e Ccples will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail fubrenbers in ordering change or ad-
Cress should b* particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prrmpt and correct compliance with their re-
Batst.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Brcaflway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
SI IS Center Etreet Te'.eihane Nortn "1
WASHINGTON COIUIESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW. YORK NEWS STANDS:
Vfaldcrf-AFtoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Cricn Square: Murray Hill Hctel; Fiftn-ave-
!--• HcteJ and H(3'xan House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
fherman House- P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremoat House; Auditorium
Hctci; Falmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEOF.UE XROGNESS..M*n;ufctt» Building
(Lor.g Distance Telephone, "Centra! 2019.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tntune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAHL1ON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the Fan FraacUoo
Call, correr Market and Third streets; cpen
tctil 12 o'clock every night in tlie year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
I?C* Market street, opposite Firth; open until
II p. m.
627 SI ir.ira^ry etreet. corr.er Clay; open
until 9:3u d. ra.
EM' Haic, Ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
»3a McAllister ftreet; open until 3:30 p. a.
«"15 Lark:n rtreet; cr^n until 9:30 p. m.
II diction street: open until 10 p- m.
22til Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until a r. m.
3 rw » nie\eir.h ttreet: open until 9 p. m.
ICStti Valencia ttreet; open until 9 p. ra.
gfortaeaat corner Church and Duncan streets;
rpen ur.tll 8 p. m.
Ncrthwest corner cf Twer.ty-fecona and Ken-
tucky street*; cpen until 9 p. m.
~-t> Fillmore street; cpen until 8 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL fi-.:bscrtbers contemplatta? a
chance of resides.ee during* the summer
months can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify-
ing- THE CALL Business Offlce. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and la represented by a local
acent in all towns on the coast.
MEETIXG XOTICES.
CELEBRATION of St. John's (Jay un- ¦
df-r the auspices of the 1'ast Mac- #V
teis" Association of California. F. //*
i A.' M.. by a grand reunion and *Si£jl
har-ket r'i<-nir at El Campo. SATURDAY.
June 25. IU.+. The eteanv-r II. J. Corcoran
will Ieav» Washington street wharf at 9:30
E. ni. and return at 6 d. m. Tickets, adults
f>> certs, children 25 cents, can be had at
the *tarf en the morning of tb» picnic.
ANDREW OHR1STENSEN.
Chairman or Committee.
JAMES A. WILSON. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. It. A. M.. «
»ill meet THLS (TUESDAY) EVEN-vkf
ISO. June 21. #t 7:30 o'clock. Staled S^\
mreting and M. M. Degree. By order
of the H. P.
__ _FRANKLIN H. DAY. SecreUry.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No 50. F and m
A. M.— <-al!*d meeting THIS (TUES-"Vv
DAY) EVENING at T:.'H» o'clock,
*>t-evnd Dcgrcn. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
TEMPLAR Lodge No. IT. I. O. O.
P.— Initiation THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING. Visiting brothers
ccrdialiy invited.
J. R. MORRISON. K, S.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 2». I. O. O. *vie»Sfc,
F [in ness •' special Iranort-
. • THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- : »5JgS§Ss55?
ING. Members please attend. *&tfy£r
FERD METZGER. N. G.
SAMUEL POLAi-K. .Secretary.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
Secretary. New York, June 15, 190*. Notice
to *t».-fcfccldrr?.
To the Stockholders of Southern Pacific
Company:
Notice is hereby given that the board of
dire<.:ors cf tlie Southern Pacific Company
at a :nr-«-t:r«r this day held, called a special
BK-ff.i:g cf the stockholders of raid company
to rr,nv<?n«" a* the office of the company in
B<*>hniont. Jefferson County. Kentucky, on
V.'edr.f »<iay. the twentieth day of July. 1904.
et 11 o'clock a. m.. (standard time, to consider
tnd a_t upon renolutions to be brought before
iheni at faid meeting in *ub5tantia!ly the
term and to the effrct following, viz:
"P.esolved <1». tlu-t the capital stock of the
FoutlKTn Pacific Company be increased «->ne
hundred million dollars by 'nsuing one million
additional than* of the par value of one hun-
dred dollar* each. '
"RefcoJvf-d <Zi. that «.h« said increared stock
t-hall be preferred stock; that the holders of
men preferred ftoi-k shall be entitled to divi-
dends la each fiscal year at such rate, not ex-
ce€d:ng sewn per crnt per annum, payable
snni-annually uut cf the net rrofits. as thall
»»* declared liy the board of directors, before
*ry dividend *hall br declared on the common
••"tnr-lc; that such dividends ihall ly jion-cumu-
lativ*-; that the holders of ruch preferred etock
t.h»ll not ly vlrtuf thereof he r<ntiil»d to any
other or further Fhare of the profits of the
comimny; that, uron the dliw.iution of the
t-otnpatiy. voluntarily or otherwli-p. the holders
ff pruf'-tT'-'i stock shall be <>ntitlod to have
tb»;r ftiare* redeemed at par bofor»- any dis-
trilrtition rt any part of the e.rr-tn of the <-om-
|iany ifrMll be mad* to the holders of the rom-
ni'.n nork: that «said preferred stock ehall be
IwuM and sold from time to time to such
nnounts and in *urh manner as th» board of
dim-tors may authorize and determine, but
st rot 1ms thsn th» par value of the nharrr
that it Fhall he convertible Into common rtork'
fchare foV fchare. at the option of thn holderw'
.-i any time; and shall be redeemable at the
nption cf the company on or »t any time after
the first day cf July. 130T.. snd heforo the first
day of July. IS10. at one hundred and fifteen
' dollars per chare."
"Resolved (Zy. that the b^ard of directors
•hall be and they are hereby authorized to es-
tablish, from time to time, and .<-nfor*-e all
ructa rules an<l regulations rerpertlng the is-
rue. tale, redemption and conversion of such
etoc-k. not Inconsistent herewith, as in the
judgment of the board may be necessary or
expedient." ,
For the purpose of such fpecial meeting the
Ftock transfer r«x>ks of the company will be
<¦•-¦; July 1«. lROJ. at 3 o'clock p. m. and
reopened Thursday. July 21. 1WM. at 10 o'clock
a. m.
ALEX. MILLAR. Secretary and Clerk.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
ceKs from Arnador and Sacramento Irrigation
and Mining Co., In Dunderhead Mine, at
Michigan Dar, Sacramento County, Cal.,
draining into Cofumnm River; from TV. E.
Duncan. Er.. In York Ranch Placer Mln«,
near Spanish Ranch, Plumas County, drain-
Ing Into East Hraneh of North Fork* of
Feather River; frcm n. V. Tiffany and Setb
Jenkctron. in Treasure Point Mine, near
Fair Play. El Dorado County. Cal.. drain-
Ing into Cedar Creek, which reaches South
Fork of Oieumnes River gives notice that
meeting will be held at Room 96. Flood
Buliaing." San Franciaco. Cal., July 5, 1901.
A CALL WANT liliii 1111 RETURNS TOR THE COSTTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 2K 190*.
13
THAN ANY OTHEP rTOIUM IN SAN FRANCISCO
V.ixKi '»« l,l».\X < ntttlnuect.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton Et.
Hi PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
char B <?d. ELFVING. 610 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Irv'.nrser. tlORELL. OK) Examiner building.
MUSICAL I.VSTIlfMEXTS.
A GOOD new piano for $2 SO. We have con-
JUencf in y^u and In our plane* — that is
why we ai»k you to try our Instrument!** We
are willing tp accept a small interest on the
investment — $2 50 this month. Remember
this opportunity closes with the summer sea-
son. First selection is best choice. HEINE
PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary St., manufactur-
ers of the Peerless Heine and agents for ten
different makes from $115 to $975, and three
makes of piano-players from $125 to $275.
Used barg tins from $25 up. Our output la
double that of any oilier piano house.
AAAAA — FINE assortment of second-hand up-
rights from $40 up. Including such makes as
Chlckerlng. Vose, Stelnway. Steck. Knabo,
Mathushek. Sterling, Curtaz, Erard . and
many others on easy payments. BENJ.
Cl^RTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
from: pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.; 560-C4 Hayes st.
VIOLIN for sale cheap; call at 477 Ellis st.
after 6 n. m. A. E. GRAVATT.
AT firewood prices; unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Whitehead's storage, 1636 Mkt.
$60 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $85.
STATHAM. 110 McAllister s^ .
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZYr>308-312 Post St.
$1C5 — STEINWAY upright/ private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.-. 10 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickering baby grand;
Phonlncer. little un»d. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
MISCKLLAXKOt'S— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite: in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coat ins; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engtnes. boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. «tc bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
rcofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to step all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front st.: tel Main 1423. _^
FOR sale — First-class tickets, man and woman.
San Francisco to points east of Cleveland.
Ohio; World's Fair stopover; $30 each. For
particulars address Traveler, Call office.
A— FINE suits, $7 CO; dress pants, $2 6a Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to / noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
FOR sale — A copy of the Ulster County Ga-
zette of Jan.. 1800: valuable curiosity: party
needs money; make offer. Box 3586, Call.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St.,
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale — Best $2 50 hats, $1 60.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny at., near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. : Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid. : catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealsklffs, old gold and dia-
mends bought: send postal; will call. New
Municipal Loan Office, C17 Washington st.
FOR sale — 12-ton schooner yacht Flyaway; 45
f*et long. Address C. C. -MORTON, steamer
Arabs. Fulton Iron Works.
NOE Valley Hatchery: chicks 10c each. 3093
Twenty-third St., cor. Noe; or inquire at gro-
cery.
FINE old violin and fine case, cost $150; for
6ale cheap at 511 Taylor st. •
EVERLASTING signs, lett'.-rs. numbers: only
makers in State. BAKER'S. 21 Spear st.
SAFES and desk?: new and second-hand: prlcta
right at Richardson Bros'., 1816 Market Rt.
ONE solitaire blue-white diamond ring, about
1^4 karats. $1K'>. 10 Sixlh Ft.
GOOD second-hand kitchen stove for sale at
1S14 Broderick st.
A NICE family' cow giving almost 4 gallons
of milk daily, for sale. 4039 Twenty-sixth st.
COMBINATION billiard and dining-room table
for sale very reasonable. Box 10C9, Call.
BEST white lead 7c per Dound; to painters
lets. BUTCHER. 741 Mission St.
AWNINGS, tents.new.second-hand. SUN TENT
fc AWNING CO., 42 Spear st.; tel. John «48«.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING Co.,35 Mkt.Tcl. Bush 858.
PIGEONS — All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 220 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition. 31
vol9. KING'S. 61 McAllister st.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Bacisalupl.
moved to 786 Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap: some
new; 10x16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montg'y.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market St.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Brock. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. x J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
. MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, cents' full dress suits, etc.; ser.d
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st. i ..
A — MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' &
gents' castoff clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis 823; 6&0 Sacramento st.
.TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged! "J\ D.
McCarthy ¦go- 782 Mission: phone Bush 467.
OFFICKS AXD STORKS TO LET.
HOWARD. 10CO— Store with rooms"; fine place
for business; rent $30.
FOLSOM. 935— Large, light, airy store, three
rooms and yard; rent reasonable.
% PERSONALS.
A SUIT or overcoat, Including one eictra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready made If you can get bar-
I gains like this? Agent wanted. LEON
LEMOS, 1127 Market st. bet. 7th and 8tb.
DR. ROWFTLL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism. paralysU, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sors throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN, 32 Jurk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching ncalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggietif, hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 32» Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
GOLDEN GATE, 300 — Cor. laundry, barber
shop, cigars, tobacco, newspapers, suits
cleaned. ;
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 60
down and *1 150 per week. ,T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St., near Powell.
ALL my friends are , welcome at my new sa-
Icon. iAQ Commercial it. J. ,1, AZEVEDO.
TYPEWRITERS AUD SUPP-LIEH.
AN except'cnally good No. 2 Remington. No. I
Smith Premier. $'J3: other typewriters »t
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Th«
ryp-'writlng Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at V>O eacbj get par-
ticulars of L. & 11. ALEXANDER. 110 Monl-
gomgry st ,
2D-HAND typewrit?™ sold, rented. repalrM.
Webster Typewriting lnspec. Co.. .108 Mark*?.
STUTTERING ASD STAMMERING.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness & Market.
19 taught celebrated Melbourne system ; onijr
Melbourne In U. S. : private; establish** ¦'•
yearg In S. F. Tel. Mint 2ti2tt from 1 to 5
—
MAUUIAGE LJCENSES. t
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Edward Rolan. 21. 1060 McAllister street,
and Hazel M. Westwood 1H. tCS Eddy street.
Gustave Keiser. 2tt, 548 Howard street, and
Annie Buneman 10. Oakland.
William H. Pabst, 26. Del Monte, and Laur»
J. White. 22. 1212 Geary street.
William H. Denig. 30, Sacramento, and Liz-
zie Wllhelm. 2t>. city.
Vincent Bringel. 30. S(U Geary street, and
May S. WUaon 20. SHi4 Geary street.
Max Laude, 3$. Los Angeles, and Margaret
Moss. 24. 433 Guerrero street. >¦ . . . •'
La Fayette C. Murphy, 43. Sacramento, and!
Carrie G. Baker, 30 041 Baker street.
Benjamin M. Harris. 25. 179O Post street,
and Florence A. Edwards. 21. 714 Buchanan su
Joshua A. Fllr.k. 33, Orovtlle, and Brlttla J.
Ecklund. 24. Orovllle.
Bernard" C Brown. 21, 1143 Geary street,
and Henrietta Cohan. IS, 12(H Geary street.
Andrew Rasmusson. 21. city, and Irene H.
Rice, IS. city.
Leonardo Fransechi. 25. 201 1; Washington
¦t., and Refugio Felintz. 23. 2104 Washington.
Everett Gallagher. 30, «?» Hayes street, and
Rose McMahon. 2t> 461 Hayes street.
Martin Defchmlller, 21, 1C1B Golden Gat»
avenue, and Laura J. Marcon. 21. 232 Van
Ness avenue.
Harry T. Krick. 21. 704 Guerrero street, and
Mabel P. Royal. IS. 704 Post street.
John T. Ledger. 32. Presidio, and Anna M.
Chrlstensen, 24. 2614 Lombard street.
Phillip Kronenberger 34, 1S44 Union street,
and Hattle Thlel. 32 7S Prosper street.
Michael Rock. 2<4. ' 10o7ii Harrison street.
and Ella Toohey. 23. 12*^ Oak Grove avanue.
Alfred H. Pennoyer. 3S. 753 Howard street,
and Katherine P. Gilleaple. 29, «;» Treat ave.
Vno S. Trolli. 21. Oakland, and Bessie L
Lee, 21, 2100 Vallejo street.
Richard O. Bonness 24. 811 Central avenue,
and Matilda M. Hoffmann. 22. 1171 Church st.
Jacob Alexander. 21. 32S Shotwell street, and
Sadie Laprldueric. IS. 1SHH McAllister street.
fclKTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marrlar* and death notices sent^by
mail will nut be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b*
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published one* In this column
free of charge.
BORX.
EBERT— In this city. May 22, 1004. to th«
wife of Henry Eberr, a daughter.
RUWICH— In Tuolumne. Cal.. May 27. 1304,
to the wife of A. Rtrwlcb. a son.
STONE— In this city. June 20. 1904, to the
wife of R. R. Stone, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ENQUIST— BISBEE— June 20. 1904. by the>
Rev. Mr. Matthews of Berkeley. Axel F. En-
quist of San Francisco and Mary L. ISlsbes
of Berkeley.
GRANT— BEKEART— In this city. June 13.
1904, at St. Luke's Church. Edgar Maclean
Grant and Lucy Bell Bekeart.
SYKES— BELL— In this city, June 19. 1304.
by the Rev. W. E. Dugan. pastor Stewart
Memorial Church, Thomas R. Sykes and
Benicia Bell, both of San Francisco.
THOMAS— JESBERG — In this ctty, June 19.
1904, by the Rev. W. E. Dugan, pastor Stew-
art Memorial V. P. Church, Harry Platt
Thomas and Marie May Jesberg. both o£
San Francisco.
DIED.
BIrchall. Grace M. " Jcrgensen. Mamie
Blossfeldt. Catherine King. Hugh
Blunt, Thomas F. Lahusen. Lowell
Callaghan. Father P. Lewin. Elizabeth H.
Clancy, James Lowden, M.iry A.
Demartlnl, Rosa McDonald. Julia A.
Douglas.", Aaron A. Mitchell, James 1*.
Evans, Thomas V. Moody. John
Fallon, William J. Naunton. John It.
Flint. Dr. Thomas Peachy. Frank A.
Gugelsberger, V.'ro. Seyden, Helena D.
Holmes, Mary A. Sommer. Edna Trt»n»
Hyer, Antonia Townsend, Alice May
Jaffa (infant). Truman, Aca II.
BIRCHALL— In this city. June 10. 1004, Graca
V-. beloved wife of Edw. W. Birchall, daugh-
ter of Mrs. Mary Wait, and sister of Wil-
liam Walt and Mrs. S. hi. Korn. a natlv»
' of Fanta Rosa, Cal.. aged Zi years 10 months
and 11 days. (Santa Rosa papers pleaeo
copy).
CSTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funtral to-morrow"
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mrs. S. B. Korn . No. 1111 Devisa-
dero street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery, by 3:30 o'clock train leaving Third
and Townsend streets.
BLOSSFELDT — In this city, June 13. 1904,
Catherine Ross Blosefeldt. beloved mother of
Ester and Evelyn Blossfeldt. a native of
Nova Scotia, aged 47 years 2 months and
2$ days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully tnvltPd to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2t'.UU Mission
street (Mission Masonic Temple), between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
BLUNT — In Alalneda. June 19. 1004, Thomas
F., beloved son of Thomas and Margaret
Blunt and brother of Mrs. Nellie Spanger-
b-.rg. Mrs. Joseph E. Pierce and Charles
Blunt, a. patlve of Salem. Mass.
CFrtenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, at
St. Joseph's Church. Arameda. where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for tho
repoae of his soul. Interment St. Mary'a
Cemetery.
CALLAGHAN — In Stockton. Cal.. June 19.
1IH.H Father Patrick Callaghan. O. P., a na-
tive' of County Longford. Ireland, aged 71
years 11 months and 2 ; > (Jays.
C7"The funeral will tak* place to-fla?
(Tuesday), at the Dominican Church. Be-
nicia. where a solemn requiem mass will be
sung for tho repose of his soul, commencing
. at 10 o'clock.
CLANCY— In this city, June 20. 1904. James,
dearly beloved son of George and Clara
Clancy, and grandson of Mrs. B. Clancy and
Mr. M. Cuneo, a native of San Franciscor
aged 6 months and 11 days.
EjTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 836 Filbert street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DEMARTINI— In this city. June 20. 1904.
Rosa beloved wife of the late Paul Demar-
tlnl, "and loving mother of Victor. Errrsllo,
Charles and Lena Demartlni and Mrs. Loui*
C. Grandona. a native of Italy, aged 59
years.
IDTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:3O o'clock, from her lats
residence, S15 Union street, thence to Sts.
Peter and Paul's Italian Church, wber* %
requiem high mass will be celebrated for tha~
repose of her soul, commencing at 11 o'clock.
Interment Italian Cemetery.
DOUGLASS— In this city, June 19. 1904. Aaron
A Douglasa, beloved father of Walter O.
Dougla?s a native of New Hampshire, .aged
- 61 years". A member of Varnlshers" and
Polishers' Union. Local No. 134.
Hyrhe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Oreen. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
EVANS — In Rich Gulch. Calaveraa County.
Cal.. June 17. 1904. Thomas V., dearly be-
loved husband of Lena Evans, a native of
San Francisco, axed 23 years S months and
3 days.
f_rTh« funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew * English. 29 Van Ness avenue.
Interment strictly private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Guerrero
and Eighteenth streets.
FALLON — At Tuscan Springs. Tehama
County. Cal.. June 13. 1904. William J.. be-
loved husband of Emma Fallon. and brother
of Edward Fallon. and son of the late Ed-
ward and Mary Fallon. a native of San
Francisco, aged 34 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atmnd the funeral to»day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. SC9 San Bruno avenue. corner
Eighteenth street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
Contlnnctl on Page Fonrteen.
r J Monahan. Manager. TeL Mission 3L
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEng,
2339-2341 Mission St.. near Nln«teentt».
Saa Francisco, . . /
James McGinn. Henry Haasen.
JAMES McQINN ft CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
—-Funeral Directors and Embalmam -
214 Eddy st. ; T«I. Souta 57*.
I'KKSOXALS Continued.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varicocele,
etc.; easily worn: $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary, S.F.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. MrsDr.A.W.Travers.1171) Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actlna restores loet eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th.. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 309 Sut-
ter, r. CC9. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books*, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.,733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
holr to its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1C0S Market- St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALIi.
AT AUCTION
THURSDAY. JUNE 23, 1904.
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON
AT OUR SALESROOM, 25 POST ST.
BY ORDER OF JOHN GARBER.
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF
CORNELIA B. STANLEY, Deceased.
GRAND CORNER
OPPOSITE CALIFORNIA HOTEL.
3 FRONTAGES.
BUSH ST.— MARY LANE— MARTIN 8T.
: (Bet. Kearny st. and Grant ave.),
LOT 40x120 FEET.
PRESENT RENTS $3000 PER ANNUM, NET
WE HAVE A TENANT WHO WILL TAKE
A TEN- YEAR LEASE ON A NEW
7-STORY BU_.DI?«G IF ERECTED ON THIS
LOT. AND WILL PAT A RENTAL NET-
TING 6 PER CENT PER ANNUM. - , ¦ ;
TERMS CASH SUBJECT TO AP-
PROVAL OF SUPERIOR COURT.
\ — — _
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
AUCTIONEERS.
25 POST STREET.
W. J. GUNS.
630 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
JUST OFFERED FOR THE FIRST TIME:
ALL READY FOR BUILDING: STREET
WORK ALL DONE; WELL LOCATED; ELE-
VATED AND SITELY; MARINE VIEW;
VERY CHEAP: NORTH " OF THE PARK;
CLOSE TO 3 LINES CARS. SOME OF THESE
LOTS CAN BE PURCHASED AS LOW AS
$985 TO $1100. SOUTH OF THE PARK. ON
THE SAME AVENUE, LOTS SELL READILY
AT $1000.
|2S0O — New cottage residence. Just built: north
side A st ; 25x100; 4 rooms, bathroom.
basement; well built for owne<s own use;
a bargain: cheaper to own this than pay
rent; easy payments; a step from 3 lines
cars.
$3400 — Two-story pretty residence; Seventh
ave north of the park; ready this week;
6 rooms, bathroom; 25x120; easiest kind
of terms in installments; 3 lines of cam.
S4250 — 12th ave. and Clement; a grand NE.
cor. to improve with store and 9 flats;
120x50; make offer.
$3750 10th ave. and Clement; a splendid NE.
busine?3 corner; 32:0x100; fine location for
store and flats. £ ,
• 530 California st.
$1 25 PF.R week: no interest; lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
en' close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., room 5.
FREE horneattad presented by Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. See
J. E. GORDON. t!2& Crogaley. bldg., 2:30 to 5
p. m. dally.
FIVE-ROOM cottage; porcelain plumbing,
modern improvements, laundry, yard; rent
$25; north side of O'Farrell St.; $3600 only.
Inquire 1301 Devisadero St.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-8 Crocker building.
$1000 — Must sell: cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
cor. lot, 50x100. 2 Capital ave.. Ocean View.
$9500. Howard at., north line. bet. 7th and 8th,
23x90; improv. DONNELLY CO., 632 Market.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
IB pacs in wrapper, for ¦ la'llnp. $1 dot tut
IlKAI, ESTATE — Conntry — For Mule-.
ORCHARDS, garden truck and chicken ranches;
we make a specialty of handling real estate
situate in Santa Cruz and Monterey coun-
ties. GAFFEY & MAHON, 505 California St.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vlneyirds; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO., 64S
Market st. . -w"v
POINT RICHMOND HEAL ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege, on Santa Fe
and electric roads; land $300 per acre; lots
50x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings, $400 per acre; monthly payments;
ser.d for maps, etc. HAIGHT. 401 Cal.gt v S.F.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'ifENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA business property for sale; corner
lot. 2 stores, dwellings above; a bargain. Ap-
ply owner. 1231 Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
nERKELEY^REAL_JCSTATE.
GOOD Investments near new Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 ft. frontage on track; two
blocks from Berkeley station $23W
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $200
Let 40xK15; mac; within Vs block $450
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2000
Buy where values are increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
- cheap houses.
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 1050 University av«.
Near Fan Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— $2750; it cost $3750; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland. ;
FRUITVALE FURNISHED ROOMS.
THREE housekeeping rooms; pantry! closet;
use of bath and laundry; large grounds; $25.
1417 Fremont ave.. Frultvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE. 1010 BROADWAY.
OAKLA.MJ IlKAL KSTATE.
$000 CASH, $20 monthly— 7-room cottage; mod-
ern; stable, barn, chicken-house and shed,
fruit trees and flowers; a lovely home; lovr-
llest location In all East Oakland; streets
macadamized; only home owners here; one
block to 2 elect «lc car lines; 7 minutes' walk
to S. F. steam local train; fine school and '
plenty of churches near by; for beauty of 1
location -it really beats the band; come and
Bee thiB bargain; size 40x150; price in. all
1 $2.'!75 only; a desirable home for all time;
» call or send for circular 455 7th at., opp.
Broadway station; carriage free. H, Z.
. JONES, land owner.
$200 \7ASH— New house, 6 rooms, near Key
Route station. Oakland: must have- money
at once; a bargain. Owner, 10 Chronicle
I building, S." F. ¦ <
' $22.V) ONLY for a fine 7- room house; good io^
I cation: fine garden, etc. P. C. LASSEN &
I CO.. 4fi6 Tenth st.; Oakland. Cat.
UAKI.A.MI KMt.MTLKK Kon SAI.tt. '
TO-MORROW the day for bargains lirTurnH
ture. H.Schellhaaa.Hth st.,cor.store.Oakland.
PALMISTRY.'
A— MME. LYM*N. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 61» Eddy St.; phone Polk 4811.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 615
.Taylor St., near Geary. Phone Black 501. i
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-gt-Iaw, (i Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal ' diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073& Market st. ;
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 66~< Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tat, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctoi- — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herba 746-& Clay st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.^
CALIFORNIA. 1304 — Sunny front bay-window
room & kitchen, connecting; reas. ;no chtld'n.
CALIFORNIA, 1304— Sunny front bay-window
room and kitchen; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 1421—2 front rooms; newly fur-
nished; cheap; convenient; gas stove, bath.
CALIFORNIA. 3020— Nicely furnished rooms
for hcusekeeping or otherwise if desired; no
oCer roomers.
CENTRAL ave., 67, nr. Haight— 2 or 3 sunny
• unfurnished rooms for housekeeping; phone;
bath: laundry; references. ".
DECATUR, 8V4 — 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping to let; $12. Call bet. 7 and t» p. m.
EDDY and Polk (Gladstone) — Elegant 'sunny |
housekeeping apartm'ts: 8 rms;modern conve-
niences, bath; first class; phone Larkln 1981.
EDDY, 610— Front sunny housekeeping: rooms;
bath, gas, etc^ __^__^___
FOLSOM, S30 — Furnished housekeeping room,
$1 75 week; also single. $1 week.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1210 — Two lovely sunny
parlors for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE _ave., 1221—3 sunny bay-win-
- dow unfurnished connecting rooms; bath;
yard; $16.
H.MOHT. 218 — Elegant apartments; grand
view; 2 or ,i rooms; cheapest In city.
HARRISON, 748— $12 suite; first -floor; large
yard; laundry; quiet house and neighborhood.
JACKSON, 1000. cor. Polk— Finely .urnlshed
- sunny corner housekeeping rooms; marine
view; reasonable.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 uq.
JACKSON, 1516 — Sunny housekeeping rooms;
new flat; references. Phons Polk 1875. »
LAGUNA. 1507— A floor of 3 sunny rooms com-
pletely furnished; modern; private family;
reasonable. .
LARKIN.1007. cor.Post— The Cragburn, H. Bur-
lingame.prop. : rms.,slngle & hkpg.apartments.
MISSION. 1905 — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms
with gas range, running water, phone; no ob-
jection to small child.
OAK, 10 — 2 rooms complete for housekeeping:
use of piano.
OAK, ' 117, fend 538 McAllister — Rooms, com-
l.lete housekeeping: $5 to $12; gas range, hot
bath, laundry; adults.
PEARL. 3, cor. Market— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; $14-$15; no children; phone.
POLK. 612 nr. Eddy— $20; two large sunny
housekeeping, bath, gas, ¦ phone, adults.
POLK. 1G43, cor. Clay — 2 large nicely furnished
"<unny front housekeeping rooms; rent $18.
POST. 1410 — Two nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms: choice location; $15.
SCOTT, 300. northeast corner Page, near
Haight-st. car; two newly furnished, sunny,
connecting rooms; bath, gas range, dishes;
everything complete.
SUTTER. 9«S-97O— Unfur. sunny alcove, din-
ing-room, kitchen; also furn. suites or single;
choice, location; summer rates; tourists.
TAYLOR. 504 — 4 fine furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping: also housekeeping rooms.
TEHAMA, 478, nr. Cth — 3 sunny furnished
* rooma comp. for housekpg. ; $12; no children.
THE HERBERT. 1530 Polk st.— Sunny, newly
furn. apartments; pleasant; tel. Hyde 21S1.
VAN NESS. 917 — Fine suite housekeeping rms.;
sunny cor.; also single rooms; water and gas.
VAN NESS. 1409 — For housekeeping, sunny al-
cov» and bay-window rooms, comp. kitchen
with cas ringe; every room reduced; $9 up.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Openuntll 11 .p. m.
-PABTMEJgT HOUSES.
A— THE MACKEN. 01 CENTRAL AVE.
NEW HOUSE: BEAUTIFULLY FINISHED;
3 AND 4 ROOMS; GAS STOVES FUR-
NISHED; JANITOR SERVICE.
A— AUGUSTINE. !)45~ToST; APARTMENTS;
FURNISHED AND UP TO DATE; PHONES
IN ALL ROOMS. PHONE PR. EX. 745.
OCTAVIA, 1423 — Most select apartment-house
in city; 3-4 rooms; elegantly furnished.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jack3on st. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms: furn. or unfurn. ; refs. Tel. East k">50.
J^OMSTO LE^— Foi^. and t^nTurn
C— THE ST. KATHRYN. "~*
N. E. COR. ELLIS AND LEAVENWORTH.
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN CITY;
NEW HOUSE; FIRST CLASS;
JUST FURNISHED; HAIR MAT-
TRESSES IN EVERY ROOM:
HOT AND COLD WATER
BATHS: STEAM HEAT: ELEVA-
TOR SERVICE; EVERY MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCE; ROOMS $3
PER WEEK UP.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth »t.) — Rooms, 25e. COc, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
— Quiet, homelike; charges reas.; cars direct.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, slngis^-also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1103 — Sunny bay window alcove: run-
ning water: gas; bath, etc.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 21— Elegant rooms, single cr en
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
ELLIS. 928 — Elegantly furnished rooms; sun,
electric lights.- baths, steam heat, phone,
new; flat 4. elevator.
FOLSOM, 008, cor. Second— Aurora — Nicely fur-
nished, sunny rooms; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1329 — Large sunny fur-
„ nlshed room for two; $8.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $U wk. ; reading-rm.
HOTEiTdUFFERIN, 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nlshed suites and single rooms.
HYDE, 727 — Elegantly furnished room3, suit-
able for gentlemen, in private family.
JONES. 207 (Van Winkle)— Furnished sunny
rms. ; suite or single; gents preferred; $2 up.
LILY ave., 308«4, near Laguna st. — Sunny
front room for respectable working girl.
MINNA. 32S — Pleasant furnished rooms; also
2 rooms for light housekeeping.
MISSION^ lfi39B — Nicest sunny rooms; bath;
reasonable.
NINTH, 147 — Large sunny room, suitable for
one or two persons. >
O'FARRELL. 332— Nicely furnished parlors;
sunny single cr suite: light housekeeping if
desired; 1 small single room for gentleman. ;
• O'FARRELL. 1164— Elegant, newly furnished
j rooms; front, side, rear; sunny; running
' water; references exchanged. /
POST, 8S9. near Hyde — Large furnished front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents;
POST. 141H — Nice suite furnished rooms; sunny,
bath, gas, modern ; nice neighborhood.
POWELL, 1005 (The Virginia) — A snap; ele-
¦ gant front suite; partly furnished; marine
view; running water.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, -35c to $1 60; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
.'floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER, 361 (LarcUmont) — Nice furnished'
rms; central, convenient, modern, reasonable.
SUTTER. 614 (Westminster) — Handsomely fur-
nlsheil sunny bay-window suites of rooms.
THE FALMOUTH. lto9A~Market St.— Sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
i-ooms, H5c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water. In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
HEM' WAXTKI) — tlAt/R — Con.
EXPERIENCED younc. butcher, with shop and
waxca; no other need apply. 1S23 Point Lo-
bos ave.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
j.rite. 5(£( Mission ft., bet. 1st and -J *ts.
GKT your shoes h»If-so!ed while Valting; 25c j
to &0c. f>C; Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. |
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
FOR Oiile — Pacing mare, $I7."i; 7 years old. very
fai>t; gentle in every rcsix-ct; safe for wo-
man to drive; will go double. For particu-
lars address box W0. Call office.
HANDSOME bay can-lag? team, lGMs hands
high; absolutely sound; accustomed to city. 1
Inquire r. 30 Crocker bid., W. E. DENNIS.
ELEGANT surrey; brand new; Just the thing
for a «ummer resort; price $175. Corner
Nineteenth and Shtrtaell sty.. O. POSTLKR.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons, surreys, buggies, cart» and harness; at
1140 Folsom st. **
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
FOR sale — Extra fine camp wagon with para-
r-hernal!a: also 2 driving and «i work horses.
t«75 Foluom st.
j. .
6 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st.
WANTED— Horse fsound) for delivery wagon.
»ox 1014. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a buggy: must be In good
repair. Box 832. Call office.
WANTED — Single set buggy harness. Box
354S. Call offloe.
FINE surry. almost new, cheap. 8130 Sac-
ramento st. v
FOR sale^ — Two second-hand platform spring
n-agons and one truck. 233 Beale st.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
IMS Market St.. opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
nes*. work and driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & Co., 20 Montgomery. I
HARRIET. 135 — Nice house, 7 rooms, bath,
gas, basement and yard; In fine condition.
BUCHANAN. 1W9, near Bush— S-room sunny
house; fine yard; basement; fine view.
I.WESTME.XTS.
GOOD Investment — A limited number of shares
at 25c per share; this stock will be worth
one dollar ($1) per share witntn a year; call
er write Osceola Mining and Development
Company. 414 Crosslgy building. S. F.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Monday. June 20. tan wrist bag con-
taining money. Jewelry and keys. Return
to 204 Clara st. and receive reward.
LOST — Pearl opera-glass handle. Suitable re-
ward if returned to 1S52 Geary st.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of IRMA BLEUER ; No. 256-528. The
finder will oleaee return to bank.
LOST — A brown purse with a sum of money.
Return and receive a good reward. 119
Fourth st.
LOST — Solid gold lady's watch and chain, on
Mason st. Return to 223 Mason St.. room
&. and receive reward.
FOUND — A gentleman's scarf pin. Apply
Younz Woman's Christian Association, after
7 p. m.
LOST— Lady's gold specimen pin: valued as
keepsake; reward. L. B. WELLER. 335 3d.
LATTWCSES FOB EKE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st.; for pleasure and bustness; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaells Launch Co..Unlon-»t. Wharf; boat-
iig * excursions. S Steuart St. : tel. John 2686.
MKDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my. methods
- are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
ir.ale disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
7C2 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: SO years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities: instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SV4 Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 M> by express. Pasteur's
Fyringe and tablets: price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggist*. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trcuble conrult this specialist on female
complaints; corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1013 Market it.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, above Van Ness — Ex-
pert In obstetrics, female complaints; inst.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5: 25 yrs. ex.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny St.
LADIES — Kumround: safe, sure^ never falls;
$2. Gleaiton-Ruirgles Drug Cc.ICearny St. Clay.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premliK??, Is permanently located at 611A
Leavenworth at., bet. Geary and oyarrell.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. corner
20th: ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
moskv to loan.
aaa^heKman murphy. ~ '
C01-C02-OC.5 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
7 terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
j WILL LOAN ™
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
A^ EASY PAYMENT LOANS.
We will make strictly confidential loan on
your piano, furniture or t>ecurity of any kind;
this Is a trust company; our system gives
you cheaper rate, longer time and more
money than any one else in city; liberal ad-
vances made to salaried people on their notes;
don't fall to see us. ILLINOIS TRUST CO.,
rm. 16. Phelan bldg.. Market and O'Farrell.
SALARY LOANS^
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
I anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
I call and get terms. Drake, 453, Parrott bldg.
AAA — Interest 6 per cent (read Sunday papers).
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK
...City. Oakland, Town. Country Property...
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (city agents).
107-8 Crocker building— Post-Market sts.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
M«i Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Rock ton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
s-curlty; easy payments; large business In 44
1 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
I THE United Loan and Trust CoJ 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
[ no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
j quiet, confidential. 20 Mcntgomery St., rm. 7.
I MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver, 1
diamonds, pearls and 'precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S./lO Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103^ Brdwy., suits 1-X
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1(03 Mutual
Savings B&nJc bulldlnc. 708 Market st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d »t.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
. elec. lights; reading-room; tree bus; baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth St. — Rooms from 15c
to $1 per night and from 90c to $5 per week. J
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Op-;n until 11 p. m.
BOOMS AailBOAM.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQUIPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
1015 VAN NESS. COR. GEARY.
APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDELE, MANAGER.
HOTEL HATTON. 977 Pine — New modern
suites and single: special Inducements to
tourists and country visitors; convenient to
theaters and trade center; reasonable.
BRADBURY HO"fBL. 1604 California st.
TABLE UJTEXCELLED: REASONABLE^
SPECIAL RATES FOR THE SUMMER.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1031, nr. Jefferson Park
— Newly' furnUhed rooms: bath; private fam-
ily; good board; $20 and $23: two. $32 and $35.
VAN NESS. 2811 — Nicely furnished rooms;
running water, bath and phone; breakfast
and dinner if desired. ~
BREAKFAST and dinner with room. $20 mo.;
first-class home cooking. 1254 Eddy it.
BUSH, 70&— Nicely furnished room* with table
board; prices reasonable. -
EDDY. 112S, opp. Jefferson Pk. — Nicely fur.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new mang't.
GEARY. 501, Hotel L' Alglon— Family rooms
and board; entirely renovated; reas. prices.
HOTEL STEWART, 1101 Pine— Large sunny
single rooms; also small suite.
JOHNSTON (The). 605 O* Farrell st — Sunny
rooms, with board; beautiful grounds; refs.
LEAVENWORTH. 1023 — Large sunny room
with board; bath; phone; 2, 3 or 4 gentlemen.
THE CROCKER, Pine and Leaven worth ats.—
large sunny suite; also single room.
TURK, 822 — Sunny rooms and good board:
reasonable.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
BOARD and room wanted in private family by
young man: state terms. Box 1103. Call.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
THE WHITE IS KING.
Best automatic furniture.
Best ball-bearing stand.
Best vibrator and rotary shuttle.
Best lock and chain stitch.
Best sewing machine on earth.
Best machines at $3.00 per month-
Best machines to rent at $2.0O per month-
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO.,
Retail offices, 306 Post St..
1841 FUlroore st. and 708 Valencia st.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest ; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tlc office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand, $3 $0. $.S: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
A WEEK'S nows for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
>rent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 20ft Sutter st.
VTAVX
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment:
booklet mailed free; correspondence invited.
VIA VI CO.. 2304 Van Ness ave.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: Mutual Savings Bank
, of San Francisco, 710 Market st. — For the
1 half year ending June 30, 1904. a dividend
has been • declared at the rate of three and
one-quarter (3U) per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Friday, July 1, l»04.
GEO. A. STORY. Cashier.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, corner of California and Battery streets,
San Francisco, has declared a dividend of
8 per cent per annum on Class "A" and
"F" stock, 6 per cent on term deposits and
5 per cent on ordinary deposits, for the six
months ending June 30, 11*04.
WASHINGTON DODGE. President.
WILLIAM CORBIN, Sec. & Gen. Mgr.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor,
Mutual Savings Bank building. 708 Market
St., opposite Third — For the half year end-
ing June 30, 1904, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1904.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD, Manager. .
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts. — For the six months ending
June 30. 1904. dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of thla
company as follows: On term deposits, at
the rate of 3 6~-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cant
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Friday, July 1. 1U04.
J. DALZELL BROWN, Manager.
DIVIDEND Notice: The German Savings and
Loan Society, 52C California st. — For the half
year ending June 30, l!i(H. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
quarter (3»4) per cent pej^annum on all de-
posits free of taxes payable on and after
Friday July 1. 1904.
GEORGE TOURNEY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: San Francisco Savings
Union. 532 California «t., corner Webb. —
For the half year ending with the 30th of
June. 1904, a dividend has been declared at
the rate per annum of three and one-half
(3H) per cent on term deposits and three <o)
per cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after July 1, 1904.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: Mechanics' Savings Bank,
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery sts.
For the half year ending with June 30,
1904 a dividend has been declared at the
rate' of three and one-quarter <3>-i) per cent
per annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Friday. July 1, 1904.
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Cashier.
CLAREMONT Oil Company on July. 1, 1904,
will pay a dividend (No. 1) of 1 cent per
share on Its issued capital stock .at its of-
fice, room 31. seventh floor. Mills building:
transfer books close on Saturday. June 25.
1904, at 1 p. m. GEORGE J. REMINGTON.
Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALL persons having accounts against the firm
cf Knight A Ryan, liquor dealers. Powell and
Francisco sts.. present same at once for set-
tlerrent. G. SANTA.
-PROPOSALS.
RATIONS for United States Marine Corps. —
Headquarters U. S. Marine Ccrps, Quarter-
master's Office, Washington, D. C. June 11.
1004. — Sealed proposals, in duplicate, will be ,
received In this office until noon on July 11.
10(V4, and then be publicly opened, for fur-
nishing rations at San Francisco, Cal.. Mare
Island Cal., and Bremerton, Wash., during
j the fiscal year ending June 30, 1905. Pro-
posal blanks and other- information can be
obtained upon 1 application to this office, the
' assistant quartermaster, U. S. Marine Corps,
Rialto building. San Francisco. Cal.. or the
commanding officers of the barracks at the 1
stations named. Thls x office reserves the right I
to reject any or all bids and to waive in-
> formalities. Bids from regular dealers only
will be considered. I F. L. DENNY. Colonel.
Quartermaster. U. S. Marine Corps.
STORAGE- y*.ND \V^\REHOUSKS.^
ji EMPORIUM Storag* 4 Van Co.; furniture, I
household goods stared, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 101.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage * Moving Co, of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. PrL Ex. S71.
CONKLIN'S Storage^ — Furniture and merchan-
dise 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F.W.Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fiilmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., tl Montgomery
Et.. tel. Main 1810. Shipping at cut rates.
UJfiRAT Jt READY. Phone Main .'«IS.
C34-UW Clay «. KM Phone Maiu.
Jj?£ iri *. and Labor Agents.
BPAXieU. GERMAN. FRENCH.
ITALIAN. SWISS. GREEK.
NEVADA STATE- 8 HOURS.
GOVERNMENT WoKK. FKEE FAKE.
::<J> teamster*, $2 to f2 IW) day.
i'ri'ler*. hatr-mersmen. etc.. $75 to $90.
Sjwia! *hipmrnt of one j.'as*ci'.rrr car to -day.
Arizona — Florence— Arixona.
1000 Mlies— $10 60.
2 tppilal japs»>nKer» daily over Santa Fe.
2553 Men Wanted.
Drillers, rx-kiner. teamsters laborers, etc
$2. «2 &(». $¦» and *3 50 day.
Souih»-40C Miles. ?4 0G— South.
y55 Teamsters— You'll Suit- $10.
—TO THE LUMBER—
"3 laborer*, no experience wanted, $rt0.
2 carriage setters, head lugger for woods. $75
and found.
!« ScaudirHvian laborers, sawmill co.. $C0.
Scrrw turners, hook tender*, edgermen.
I-ctger. undcrr:ar.ds rljrging. $<X> found.
Khinfcie packers, cut-off suw>ert. molder,
sticker hand.
Cut-off sawyer. »un borir.g machine. $2.
carpenters— carpenters.
.'< carpenters, plain work, fare 30c. $3 60 day. !
Carpenter. C. C. Co.. fare $1. $2 day and fd.
Carpenter, ranch Job, fare $1 $40 found.
OTHER TRADESMEN.
IS horsethoers. all-round blacksmiths end
helpers, c.ty. country Jobs, $4, $3 50, $3,
$2 U) day.
4 whet! wrights. different Jobs. $3 to $4 day.
3 sticker hands. $4.
lf> coopers, slack work north, south. ]
i> sash and door hands. $3 to $3 50 day.
4 pluisbers. $4 day; shingler, COc M.
1S5 woodchoppers, tieznakera.
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIES.
T.6 laborers, foreman for mines, $40 and $30
and fcund.
1£ drillers, no far* to pay. $67 50.
LABORERS, LABORERS
S3 scraper ar.d sand wagon teamsters, $2 23
day.
C4 laborers, ail ever California, stone In Fan
fYanciseo. $2 and $2 M> day.
35 laborers, 8 hours' work daily, that s all,
HAY AND HARVEST HANDS.
91 haymakers, all over State, $1 50 day and
foond. •
:-S harvest hanis. sack sewers, pitchers, etc.,
S- day and found.
18 teairsters. extra rood Jobs, $1 60 and $2
day and found.
2 farchasds. Mendocir.o County, $30 found.
DAIRYMEN, STABLEMEN.
milkers, extra good Jobs, come see, $S5,
$40 and found.
<; butterroakers, 2 cheesemakers, $40, $50/a>nd
found. '
IV stablemen, city, country Jobs, $75, $00, $35
snd found.
4$ chortmen and boys, different Jobs, $35,
J30, f»5 and found.
MURRAY & READT.
634 and 630 Clay st.
MARR1EX» *. %:r
Cwk ani wife. 15 men, mine, fare $3, $40 fd.
Cook and waitress, city Job. $50 found.
Milker scd wite. Northern California, $50 fd.
4 farmers, wives. $50. $00, $70 found.
MlIiRAY & READY. 034 and 636 Clay St.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Tamule-maker, tH> found: cook. C men, mine.
Walter, mine, $:«).
12 cucks. different places, $00 to $65 found.
!• waiters, different piaces, %3O to $40 found.
27 dishwashers. $25. $30. tS5 found.
Porters, bell and elevator boys, rantrymen.
MURRAY &. READY. 634 and 63« Clay st.
LAUNDRY.
Marker, country laundry. $15 week,
lroner. fare $1. $1- week.
Mar.gle hand, fare SI. $10 week.
Plasterer, country job. $4 day.
Bench hand, planing mill, $3 day.
Ml'KRAY & READY, C34-036 Clay st.
late specials.
sawmills.
20 laborer* for sawmill, no experience needed.
tare $- 25, $25 and found.
Piatterer. Marin County. $4 day.
liutcher. smaU country shop. "$.'i5 ar.d found.
Garder.er. vegetables and flowers, see boss
here. > :."¦ and found.
4 carpenters, rough work, Nevada, $C0 found.
Roiyrh carpenter. $2 25 day.
3 carpenters. 80c fare. $¦'{ to $4 a day.
Finish carpenter, city. $•{ "•© a day.
«J rr.^n t" irrigate orchard. *2C and found.
y It RAY A- READY. C34-C36 Clay st.
LATE ORDERS.
Cyanid«-r and chemist, gold miie, good wages.
1" machine miners, gold mine. $90.
Printer, cits- Job.
Engineer, run cold storage plant. $2 day
and found.
number, city Job, $2 50 day.
Blacksmith, mine, good Job, married man
preferred, good wages, see boss her*.
2 handy men to rn-lp bridge carpenters, saw-
mill companr, $40 and found.
Brickmaker by contract.
Huff nooflfman, north, see boss here, $!K> fd.
Blacksmith he!j>er. city job, $2 to $2 50.
Marker, laundryman. Tuolumne, $15 week,
ilan and wife. cook, small mine, see boss
here.
4 butchers, country shops $35 to $40 fcund.
PLANING MILL BOX FACTORY.
«; young men or boys. f2 day; bolt lath men.
J2 25 fnund; lath man, $2 2I> day; 2 start off
boys. $2 day: lath chuter, $2 day; 10 roust-
abouts. $2 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Ccmmerrial st.. near Kearny.
Phone Bush t>33 — JOHN DRECHSLER.
3 machine miners. $90; 10 laborers, pipe line,
$45 and found. Sawmill and woods work — 2
irlmntrmra, $45 and found; boardpuller,
$35 and found; 2 s'.absawyers; 2 edper trim-
mers; bolter for lath machine; 2 lath men:
2 men at lath chute; 2 tall en* boys. $2: 5
men to clean up around mill, that's you:
head donkeyman, woods: 3 crosscut sawyers;
3 fellers, going wages; 5 swampers, $:;3 and
found; leverman. steam shovel barge; man
and wife, sawmill, man as roustabout, wife
«ook, $70 and found; 5 farmers; stablemen,
ranch. $30 and found; cook, sawmill. $40 fd.
— """"^ *
f' ALL ' ~~
Men to learn tl.e BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required; positions s»»cured; con-
rtant practice and expert Instruction; special
nJTer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. C35 Clay st.
SHOEMAKER with tools wanted on repairing
at €21 Sacramento Et.. near Montgomery.
WANTED — Good steady shoemaker on repair-
ing; good pay. 2M)1 Mission tt.
WANTED — A day cashier with references 29
Stockton rt.
SALOON lunch cook; German proprietor. 131
Fourth rt.
WANTED— A first-class waller. 20 Stockton
fctreel.
RELIABLE man to manage outside business;
can make $75 menth. Call 1118 Market, r. 1.
BARBER shop ia city; very desirable location;
running 3 chairs steady and 1 extra; can be
bought at bargain. STOLTZ. 723 Market et.
BARBER ehop; 2 chairs; in VallejoTmustsell
at sacrifice. STOLTZ, 723 Market «t.
BARBERS — For sale. 2-cha!r shop; snap Call
on STOLTZ. 723 Market St. - : V^
TWO-CHAIR barber shop; Installments; 3
rtvrnig back; rent $6. 1547 Mission st.
BARBERS — 3-cha!r Fhcpjrickness cause of tale;
no reasonable offer refused, 1090 Valencia st.
WANTED — Dentist — Good extractor; good rap-
id crown and bridge workman. Schlffman
Dental Co.. Los A Cal.
HAIGHT teaches you the barber trade and
ptys you wages while learning. Call at
Halghfs Barber College, 647 Commercial st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
<1 £0 pa"-; foot-form shoes at $2 . r -0; we psy
exprerea or mail charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
AiT-ly bet. 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
A GOOD collector of bills: mart give a surety
bond. FRED KRUEGER. 205 I'arrott bldg.
A profitable outing; pick heps in August. Write
E.CLKMEXS HORST CO..122Battery zt..S.F.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy. r. 41S.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741A Howard st.
EAILOJ13 «nd younjr men (green bands) for
shipc. H,\LLBEKT. S17 Jackson St.
sAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. £7 Stenart St.
PENSION Atty..E. A, Bullls. r.40. Phelan b'.dg.
Past Com. Geo. II. Thomas Post. G. A. It.
EVANTED— Educated gentleman who has good
knowledge of cyclopedias; $1200 per year;
references reculred.
UNIVERSITY SOCIETY, box 2109. CalL
(V ANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 ThlrJ nt.; 250 room*; 25 to 50c per night
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third rt., near V.nr-
\.et 7U0 roorr.t; 35c night; readicg-rooms;
free 'bus arvl baggage to and from ferry.
i BRANCH orflee cf The Oa!l for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
tT-.ried at I'** Market *L. opposite FUtb.
Ci.tn until 11 p. to.STKEETS GAY IS COLOR
Santa Cniz Gives a Hearty
Welcome to Delegates That
Will Attend Grand Grove
DRUIDS INVADE
SEASIDE CITY
Movements of Steamers.
The big freight steamship Algoa. which went
on the rocks off Point Bonita on June. 7 and
suffered Injuries to her hull, will go In the dry
dock this morning to ascertain the extent of
h?r damages.
Algoa Goes to Drj-dock.
Time Ba^.
Branch Hydrographio Office. V. 8. X.. Mer
bulldln* was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
J: fj; 1000 , ° f * h « i^Otn meridian or at S
P. m. Creenwteh time. J. c. BURjrflTTT.
XJeutenaat. TJ. 8. N.. la caarj*.
TUESDAY. JUNE 21.
Sun rises .....4:47
Sun sets 7:35
Moon sets 0:32 a. ra.
O ITlme! ]Tlme| Time ITlme
» I 1 Ft. f 1 Ft Ft. I Ft.
t |p W| |L XV) H W |L W
2115:57 4.0 11:40! I.Ct 6.25! 5.6! I
!L W H W |L Wl h W
22 0:58 1.3 7:20i 4.0!ll':3»;( -Of 7"14I S.«
23 1:58 0.B S:33| 4.0j 1:32 2.31 S;C«| 5.9
24 ,2:54 0.0.9:40) 4.2I 2:2=1 2.«j S « 6.0
25 13:42—0.4110:101 4.S1 5:10| 2.9j 9:3:;i 6.ft
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides ot tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time- ?£;•
fourth time column gives the last tide ai tha
day. except when there are but three, tides, aa
sometimes occurs. The heights given are la
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coant Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
th» charts. The plane of reference U th« meaa
ot th« lower low waters. — ••«
The steamer Enterprise sailed on Sunday for
llllo with a general merchandise cargo, valued
at $58,943 -and Including the following:
¦ 180 bbls flour, 175 ctls wheat, 4483 ctls bar
ley, 19.275 lbs middlings, 3232 lbs shorts, 71,
275 lbs bran, 490 bales hay, 02 ctlo corn, 12,630
lbs eugar, 105,200 lbs 30 sks rice. 5368 lbs fresh
meat, 3503 gals wine, 6614 lbs 20 cs bread. 86
pkgs onions, 400 pkga potatoes. 238 pkgs fresh
fruits, 2195 lbs. 10 cs cheese,' 259 cs canned
goodn. 50 pkgs paste, 340 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 200 cs 20 pkgs. pickled salmon, 14,
000 lbs salt, 675 lbs coffee, S570 lbs 16 pkgs
Merchandise for HUo.
The British bark Ventura, on Pug«t Sound,
is chartered fcr lumber thence to Adelaide at
32s 6d, with option of Sydney at 30s.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. A*k.| Rid Arlr
g&SFi- ~ ,<* •" p c * ««• - w
Dal'JnS f.?.. — 11241^ P Co 4H*.. 99 —
M C -nat fr.lOO — |?un T*I tis..m _
Ri* I «*afe— 107141 Do;* — 105
sf Drok r« — ium Bnttr-st Rta.iosi 113
fcF & NP r,s. — UlVluR of SF 4«. 7R-,"—
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. "¦"" —
Ala S Co... — 3<i ; Mat Niv Co — 90
Arr.mr RU O, _ 90 , .^ v KmX , !k , H0 soo
« al Cot Mils *0 S7 |X S It R fo. 8U —
Cal G*EOor. 45 60 IN Cal P Co — 11
Cal Powder.. — 14.'. jOak Bk Fav.1124 —
£' H»A -I 27 '°* k T Con - 7S -
Cal T I & T.I15 — IOOF Hall A 6 —
'-"i Bk. Oak — C5 lOrpheum Co. — IS
CiMftM <:o .. — 7 Hi PacC Cm Co. 125 —
Cit> & C Bk. — 132 \V*c S TH...100 —
O>p L Imp.. — 7H|Pac Su r Co. — 125
La*t Iijnm.. — 2.V) 1 faraf Paint.. 3S
Dr-ntPwd pfd — «S IS F Drydock 60 —
l>o i-ora .. — 50 KF&SJ Voal. — 27
FN Hk. Oak. 120 - |b j Wat Co. - 1C6
ritfh'r Th?r — I so * MTght.125 —
Frn.:h-A Bk.IOS - Swtw-A Bk.115 —
Y** fin A.. — 22 1 Truck Elect.. 11 12U
lit no P Co. 12»i — |UR InC pfd. 47 to
Lon* fcF Bk — 60 j Do com ... 9 _
California Stockand Oil Exchange
Oil Stock- Bid. AskM.
Apollo .............. .... 4t;
Associated Trust Certificates. "H 20
Caribou '.'.'.'.'. j"o5 4 CO
Clarrinont 65
Fulton **;" , 3(10
Oiant J5 '
Haufft-d ISO 00 iv>"on
»<""' • 1 so
Irr.;*Tial 17 r>rt
Independence z"> "6
Kirn 4 7.1 , ;'...
Krrn River 10 00 .
Moi.irch *of Arizona) "zh
Montr Cristo 70
<x-ri(jrnt»l of W Va fifi
Oil City Petroleum KS TA
IVrrless 13 2T>
S,n;-t r to
Kovc-rrlgn 38
Stirling 2 S5
Si:,-«rlor ........ 04
Thirty-three 8 25
Toitec 21
Twenty-ehjht 8 75
Associated Bonds. Ss 79 00
Wabasli 20 32
Miscellaneous—
Cal Jockey Club 125 00
Cypres* Lawn Imp Co 7 00
Klueher** Theater <S5 ....
Northern Cal Power 10 75
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 78 ....
SALES.
Morning Section.
10O0 Tpdependrnee ....;.......••• 2!l
100 Independence 26 .
Afternoon Session:
Ko c&les.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
t!>e city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; tha beigat
of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Ray. Published by official authority of tb,«
Superintendent.
San, Moon and Tide.
Katharine and Marguerite Sanderson and
Cecile J. S. Durbrow fnwnprs) with Ira W.
Coburn (contractor), architects William Mooser
and E. G. Bolits — ItTnuvIng, reconstructing,
i etc., for a three-story frame building on the
W lln<" of Virginia place. 65 S of Broadway.
S 2.1 by W 40; $1400.
Katherinf S. Sanderson, Ceeile S. for Cecile
J. S.) Durbrow and Marguerite D. Sanderson
; (owners) with same contractor, architects
same — All work except plumbing. ' gasfittlng,
sewering and painting for four frame build
ings <18 flats) on the 8 line of Broadway,
i:js W of Stockton street. W 95 by S llf7:0;
?:t:.::oo.
Kamc owners with G. Orsi (contractor), ar
chitect same — Painting, etc., for same, on
samp; $2025.
Same owners with William S. Snook & Son
(contractors), architect same — Sewering, plumb,
ing and gasfltting, etc., for same, oh name;
|3450.
S. T. Gerunovlch (owner) with J. I. Mitro
vich (contractor), architect — All work
for a three-story and basement frame building
on E line of No* street, 02:6 S of Fourteenth,
S 25 by E, 105; $6180.
William F. Dahl (owner) with Morris &
Pegrl (contractors), plans by owner — All work
for a one and a half story frame building on
K line of Boyce street, 380 N of — . . N 25 by
120; $2000.
Andrew Carl (owner) with Olsen & Bensen
(contractors), architects Kldd & Anderson — All
work for two two-story and basement 'frame
buildings (eight flats) on W line of Tork street,
127 S of Twentieth. 8 75 by W 100, M. B. 144:
$11,400.
Bridget M. McDermott (owner) with William
A. Powell (contractor and architect) — All work
_for a flve-room' frame cottage on N line of
Sagamore street, 325 K of Capital, .25 by 125,
block D, Railroad Homestead Association;
$1600. \ ¦.,-,,,'.
Builders* Contracts.
Monday. June 20. '
Stmr Costa Rica, Randall, Portland and As
toria: O R & N Co.
Schr Viking. Estvold, St. Lawrence Island
and Cape Prince of Wales; S. Foster & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, June 20.
Stmr F. A. Kllburn, Jahnsen, Port Rodgers.
Stmr Maggle, : Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay, Johnson, San Pedro . and
way ports.
Stmr Cijehalls. Martin, San Pedro.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, Caspar.
Stmr Alcazar, Wlnken, Greenwood.
CLEARED.
( ¦ Monday. June 20.
Rtmr Queen, Cousins. 64 hours from Victo
ria, and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr F. A. Kllburn. Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rodrers.
Stmr Gipsy. Lcland, 20 hours from Monterey
and way uorts.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman. 33 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Del Norte, Payne, 31 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr San Pedro, Rasmussen^3T hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Chehalie. Martin, 66 hours from Grays
Harbor, bound south, put in to land passen
gers. /¦- •
Stmr George Loomls. Badger; hours
from — — .
Stmr Eureka, Jesscn. 24 hours from Eureka.
• Stmr Prentlss. Bonldeld, 44 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr State of California. Nicolsoiw 43 hours
from San Diego and way ports. V
Stmr Bee, Wehman, 62 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Mandalay, Smith, 47 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, 43 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Brig Lurllne, ¦ Forest. 5\i days from Grays
Harbor. ¦ ¦ -, '
Schr Charles E. Falk, Henningsen, 8 days
from Olympia. ¦
Schr Abble. Larsen, 20 hours from Fort
. Schr Confianza, Johnson, 18 hours from Xot
leys Landfnf. » ,
Schr Bessie K, Stark, 12 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Schr "Jennie Griffin. Gibson, 2^4 hours from
Bollnas.
ARRIVED.
Slapping Intelligence. •
Unlisted Securities.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Alameda, Captain Dowdell, Is due here to-day
from Honolulu.
Nothing was heard yesterday of the missing:
bark llolllswood. which was last spoken. leak-
Ing and short of provisions, off Santa' Barbara.
The steamer Curacao left Guaymas Saturday
for this port. :•¦ . •
The Occidental and Oriental "Steamship Com
pany's liner Doric arrived Sunday at Yoko
hama from this port.
The Spreckels steamer Breakwater arrived
yesterday, thirty-three hours from Coos Bay.
Water Front Notes:
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Juteopolis, Queen
Elizabeth, La Hoehefoucald, Largo Law and
Willy Ulckmers. 7 per cent; Wynford, 15 per
cent, and Laura, 00 per cent.
T
The Overdue List.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
steanirr Queen. Captain Cousins, completed
yesterday h»r first round trip* since she under
went the extensive repair* rendered necessary
by the damage wrought by the flre which so
no-nrly destroyed her. The new Queen proved
In every way Hatisfactory- She is more com
rurtablfi for pasaencrrs than before, the re
sult of several important changes made when
the vessel was being repaired, and her en
gines are running smoothly as ever.
C. D. Dunann, general passenger agent of
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company, who
has been up to Alaska visiting the company's
agencies, w-as a passenger on the Queen. He
was accompanied by Mrs. Dunann. Mm.
Poarce and Mls 8 Pearce. wife and daughter
of Manager W. E. Pearce. were also pas
tengers.
Queen Completes First Trip.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamer Costa
Itlca. which has been chartered by the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company to take tha
place of the <>orjre W. Elder, cleared yester
day for Portland and will pall to-day. The
Eldor in bHnsr converted Into an oil burner
aii'l will receive a general overhauling; white
laid up. Captain Clem Randall of the Elder
Is in command of the Costa Rica.
Costa Rica for Portland.
Louis Levy, who contends that he is
the nephew and only heir in America
of the Julius Friedman estate, valued
at $466,000, was turned down on Satur
day by Judge Kerrigan in his last ef
fort in the Superior Court to prove his
right to tho inheritance. He now de
clares that his attorney, E. C. Chap
man, will carry the case to the Su
preme Court.
Levy came to San Francisco two
years ago from New York, where he
landed from Roumania, and he carries
in his pocket several translations from
letters and documents purporting to
prove that Friedman was his uncle. He
contends that the will admitted to pro
bate was a forgery and says he will
not surrender his rights until the court
of last resort has ruled against him.
Louis I>cvy. Alleged Nephew, Will
Carry Fight for Inheritance to
Supreme Court.
WILli APPEAL HIS CONTEST
FOR FRIED3IAV ESTATE
Jose Y. de Seminario, representing
himself as the holder of' an assigned
claim from his sister Yda. yesterday
commenced suit against Edwin Mohrig
in tho Superior Court for the recovery
of $9000, which, he alleges, was prom
ised to his sister by Christopher F.
Mohrig, now deceased. It is alleged in
the complaint that Christopher Mohrig
was possessed of 518,000 in cash and
that he intrusted that amount to Ed
win for keeping until his death, with
the understanding that when he died
half of the amount was to be given to
Yda Heminario and the other half re
tained by Edwin. The trust, it is
averred, was made on April 10. 1900,
and Christopher died February 16, 1904.
Seminario hays that the payment of
$3000 to his sister has not been made.
Jose Sominario Declares Tltut JSdwin
Mohrig Has Not Carried Out
Brother's Trust.
BRINGS SUIT VOl\ S9000
PKOMISED TO HIS SISTEIt
The Tropic Bird will discharso her
cargo and be placed on the drydock
fo- a thorough overhauling. When she
is ence more tight and seaworthy, the
voyage will be resumed.
The TroDlc Bird is a vessel of 330
tons rvstllter and has for many year?
traded fcttween here and Tah'tl. She
was l»uMt in 1882 at North Bend, Ore
gon.
Tht* water gained on the pumps at
the rate of seven inches an hour ami
metiers were getting serious when the
barkentine passed in tlm-mgh th9 Gold
en Ciate. When she was well insMi
the harbor no time was lost getting
sail off the vessel. This relieved the
strain on the hull and when she came
to f.nrhor the leaking was reduced to
three inches an hour.
The barkentine Tropic Bird, Captain
Eggar, which left here June 18 for
Nome, came back to port yesterday,
leaking like a sieve and getting lower
in the water every hour despite the
efforts of all hands at the pumps.
Fortunately for the Tropic Bird. h<?r
winprs had not carried her far from
port when the leak was discovered.
She sailed June 18 and June 19 at 1 p.
in., when 75 miles southwest of thft
Farallones, the carpenter reported lhe
vessel leaking. Pumps were manned,
but the water came in through the
o|,ening seams faster than the pumps
could suck it out and Captain Eggnr
shaped his course back to San Fran
cli«co.
Stmr Greenwood. Walvig Greenwood.
Stmr Arjo. Dunham. Eel River.
Stmr San Pedro. Jahn3en Kureka.
Stmr Bee, Wehman. Grays Harbor.
Schr Viking, EstvoTd. St. Lawrence Island
and Cape Prince of Wales.
Schr Lizr'o Vance. Tletjen Grays Harbor.
Schr Newark. Rrinertsen. Stewarts Point.
RETURNED TO PORT.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Eggar. from sea, on ac
count of springing a leak.
COCRECTION.
NEWCASTLE. ATS. — Arrived June 17— Ship
Hawaiian Isles, from Sydney to load, and not
sailtd. as previously reported.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 2O. 10 p. m.— Wind SW;
velocity 20 miles- per hour.
SPOKEN.
May 11 — In lat ;»3 south, long 31 west, bark
Homeward Bound, from Antwerpy for San
Francisco. \
June 15— In lat 42 north, long 4 west. Br
bark Lynton. from Genoa, for San Francisco.
June. 11 — In lat 4.1 north, long 10 west. Fr
bark Cassard. from Rotterdam.-'for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA RIVER— Sailed June 17— Schr
Lucy, for San Pedro. June IS — Stmr San
Gabriel, for San Pedro, via Eureka.
Arrived Jun* is — Schra Beulah, Sadie and
Louise, from San Pedro. !
SOUTH BEND — Arrived June 19 — Schr i
Novelty, from San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed June 20— Stmr '
Santa Rcsa. for Sun Diego; stmr Bcnita, for |
San Francisco.
¦ Arrived June 20 — Tug Sea Rover, hence June
IS. In search of bark HolMswood.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 20— Schr Co
qullle. rrom Coqullle River.
Sailed June 20 — Stmrs Samoa, and Lakme, !
for San Francisco: schr Albert fieyer, for
Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE — Arrived June 20— Stmr Farallon.
from Skagway.
TACOMA— Sailed June 19— Bktn Portland,
for S&n Francisco.
Sailed Jtjne 19 — Stmr Mackinaw, for San
i Francisco.
Arrived June 19 — Bktn Amazon, from Hono
lulu.
Sailed June IS — Bktn Portland, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed June 20— Bktn J. Levlston. for fan
Pedro.
BALLARD — Arrived June 20, 8 a m— Schr
Stimson, from Redondo.
WESTPORT— Arrived June 20— Stmr West
port, hence June IS*.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived June 20— Tug Sea
King, with barge Tidal Wave In tow, hence
June 18.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived June 10— Schr Admi
ral, fror-. Everett.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Railed June 20— Schr
S. T. Alexander for Gray* Harbor.
SKAGWAY— Sailed June 13— Stmr Dolphin,
for Seattle.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 20— Stmr Nebrae
kan. hence June 17.
COOS BAY — Arrived June 20— Schr Ivy,
hence June -.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed June 20— Stmr Bo
nita, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived June 19— Stmr Alliance,
from Coos Bay; stmr Corona, hence June 18:
June 20— Stmr Gabriel, from Umpqua: stmr
South Bay hence June 17; stmr North Fork,
hence June 18: stmr Phoenix, hence June 19.
Sailed June 20 — Stmrs Alliance and Marah
fleld. for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 20— Bark Mohi
can, hence June 7.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SUEZ— Arrived June 19— Br stmr Ping Suey,
from Vancouver, B. C. for Liverpool.
BRISBANE — Arrived June 18 — Br stmr
Mlowera. from Vancouver, B. C.
GRIMSBY— Arrived June 16— Fr bark Jean.
hence Feh 6.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 19— Br «tmr
Doric, hence June 1. :«"'¦«. ..
CORONEL — Arrived June 18 — Stmr Hawa
iian, from New York, and sailed, June 20, for
fan Francisco. "- '
GREENOCK— Sailed June IS— Br stmr Ma
chaon. for Seattle. ; -".'",-«•
FERNANDO NORONHA— Passed June 17—
Ger stmr Nlcaria. from Hamburg, for San 1
Francisco. , .«'-»'
GUAYMAS— Sailed June IS— Stmr Curacao,
for Sun Francisco.
SAN BLAS — Sailed June 19 — Stmr City of
Panama, for' San Francisco.
TAKU— Sailed June 6 — Schr Georgina. for
Port Townsend.
NAGASAKI— Sailed June 19— U S stmr
Thomas, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— June 20— Stmr Finland, from
Antwerp, passed Nantuckrt lightship at 3:30
P- LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 2O— Stmr Mon
mouth. from Montreal : etmr Siberian from
Philadelphia, via St. John. N. F., and Halifax
Sailed June 20— Stmr Caledonian, for Boston'
GLASGOW— Arrived June IS— Stmr Pomer
anian, from Sydney.
CHERBOURG— Arrived June 20— Stmr Kai
ser Wilhelm II, from New York, via Plymouth
for Bremen, and proceeded. *
Sailed June 18— Stmr Grosser Kurfurst, from
Bremen and Southampton . for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed June 20— Stror Prlnzess
Lousle, from Genoa and Naples for New York
MOVILLE — Arrived June 20— Stmr Astorian'
from New York, for Glasgow, and proceeded
ANTWERP— Arrived June 20— Stmr KroonI
land, from New York.
LONDON— Arrived June 20-Stmr Mlnne
haha, from New York.
H UMBOLDT BAR—CALIFORNIA
(List of Lights. Buoys and Daymarks, Pa
cific Coast, 1C04. page 33).
Notice Is hereby given that tho first-class
¦par buoy, red and numbered 2. marking th«
outer end of south jettey. Humboldt bar, Cal
ifornia, heretofore reported adrift, was replaced
June 13 in about the same position in twenty
one feet of water.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY. Commander. U. 8. N..
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
(List of Lights. Buoys and Daymarks. Pa
cific Coast. 1004. page 82).
Notice is hereby given that Blunts reef
whistling buoy, painted red and marked
"Blunt" In white letters, off Cape Mendocino,
California, heretofore reported not soundlr.g,
was replaced June. 18 by a perfect buoy.
Notice to Mariners.
SLISUN BAY— CALIFORNIA. -
Notice Is hereby given that on or about
June 27. 1004. a second-class spar buoy, paint
ed red and numbered Ctj, will b« established
In Sulsun Bay, California, to mark the west
erly entrance to New York ylough.
CAPE MENDOCINO— CALIFORNIA.
T"ie steamer Umutllla sailed on Sunday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
consigned to the port of destination and other
British Columbian port?, value/1 at $13,020 and
Including the following: ;
11!H pkgs fresh fruits. .17 pkgs fresh vegeta
bles. 6JJ0O lbs dried fruit. 1325 lbs* raisins,
7645 ll.s malt. 14't pkgs onions, 265 pkgs pota
toes, •> pkgs fruit juice. (1171 lbs coffee. 2000
lbs salt. lt*V) lbs 2 ca chocolate, 02.1 gals 2 cs
¦wine, 1:; pkgs paste. 1S1 rs canned goods. lf>2
pkga groceries and provisions. 2707 lbs sheet
l»ad 4700 lbs crude asphalt, .1 pkg" machinery.
?4 cyls gas. 17 bars steel. 75 boiler tubes, 42
bdls Ircn. 70 pkgs electrical supplies. 3400 ft
hardwond, 4!) cs arms and ammunition, 27 pes
wagon material.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer car
ried 100 rolls leather, valued at $4113. en route
to Kobe. Japan, ami 40 c» canned fruits, valued
at ?120, for Suva. Fiji Islands.
meals, 20S7 lbs 10 c» butter. 5i> pkgs table
preparations. 071 gals 10 c» vinegar. 1S14 lbs
dried fish. ISO) lbs lard, K>1 lbs dried fruit.
1H4 lbs ham and l«acon. K«J5 lbs tea, 5C00 lbs
5 on codfish. ll.fOt) lbs beann. 140 gals 26 cs
whisky. 1<V ts mineral water. 45 pkg3 beer. 39
cs I bbl liquors. 819.S55 lbx fertilizer. 84 pkgs
paper. :13 <» boots and shoes, 17 pkgs 12 pes
agricultural implements'. 0, pkgs leather. 2»
pkgs dry poods. U pkgs electrical supplies. IS
pkgs s-uldlery and harness. 17- pkgs acid. 550
bbls lime. 5O5>7 lbs 8 cs tobacco. 1524 lb* «oda,
40 pkgs drugs and sundries. 17 pkgs machin
ery. 2 cs arms and ammunition. 24 bdls> 41 pes
wagon material. 2:t bdls 10 bars Iron. 10.O70 ft
lumber ;50 bars steel. l« ooils rope. 112 bzs
foap. 1»3 cs oils, 58 sks coal. 7."0 cs coal oil, 40
windows.
K.\iK)i'is lor the >orth.
BARKKNTINE TROriC BIRD. WHICH LEFT HERE .ll'NE IS FOR NOME AND YESTERDAY RETURNED TO THIS PORT
LEAKING AT THE RATE OF SEVEN INCHES AN HOUR. HER CARGO WILL BE DISCHARGED AND THE VESSEL
DRYDOCKED AND REPAIRED BEFORE THE YOTAdE 15 RESUMED.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. j P"»-
Lakme Pan Pedro June 21
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.|June -1
Alameda i Honolulu I June lil
Pomo •...¦ Point Arena * Albion. June It
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. June 21
Rainier | Seattle & Bellingham. . June 2t^
Mackinaw. .... Tacoma June —
S. Monica... San Pedro..". June 22
Iaqua Pan Pedro June 2-
Corona Huroboldt Uune SZ
Aur-lia Portland & Astoria [June 22
Tellus Oyst»r Harbor [June 2"J
Chico Portland & Astoria June 2J
Newburg Grays Harbor [June '£:
North Fork... Humboldt June 2S
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Ft. Arena! June 2f
Santa Rosa...! San Diego & Way Pts.Uune 2t
Nevadan (Honolulu & Kahulul. .(June ZJ.
Columbia I Portland & Astoria ijtine :"{
Centralia.... [Grays Harbor iJunc 23
M. Dollar.... ; Kobe I June 24
Argo I Eel River Ports I June 2t
Arcata Coo-» Bay & Pt. OrtordtJune 2*
City Panama. I New York via Panama.! June 23
Coos Bay | San Pedro & Way Pts.;June 25
City Puebla. . • Puget Sound Ports Uune ¦;¦',
Eureka : Humboldt June 25
Pomona ; HumboMt June 25
Cnronado : Grays Harbor I June H
Mariposa ¦ Tahiti June 2«
Curacao Mexican Ports June '.1
Sierra ' Sydney and Way Ports. June 27
St. Paul i Nome and St. Michael. (June 27
State of Cal.. I San Diego & Way Pts. June 27
Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria ijune 2S
Acapulco New York via Panama. Uune 2r>
Teanie Seattle & Tacoma .'I June 2»
Korea China & Japan [June ."•>
Umatilla ¦' Puget Sound Ports... -I June 30
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.) Pier.
Juna 31. I
Pomona Humboldt |l:30p'Pler 9
Costa Rica.. i Astoria & Portlandill amlPter 2*
Breaknater Coos Bay direct...! 5 pra I Pier S
Jon* 22. I I
S Monica. . i Grays Harbor 1 4 pm'Pier 3
Elizabeth... : CcxiuilIc River ....flO amjFler 2'*
Iaqui .'Humboldt |10 am Pier Z
Eureka , Huinboidt I » am|PI«r IS
Arctic ; Humboldt' | » am'PIer 2
Alliance j Eureka & Cocs B.| 5 pmlPler 18
Covtic (China * Japan 1 1 pm|Pier 40
Juno 23. I I
Pomo ilPt. Arena & Albton 6 pm]P1er 'J
State of Cal. i San Diego A Way. 9 amiPter 11
Sequoia ! Wlllapa Harbor 4 pmiPler 2^
G. Llndauer [Grays Harbor Pier —
Centralta... Los Angeles Ports. 19 *m|Pler 10
Jnne 24. 1
Corona Humboldt 1:30 plPler 9
Bonita Newport * Way... 9 am!Pler 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 amjPler a
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPler 2O
Redondo Portland direct.... 6 pmlPier 3
Jane 25. I
Pt Arena..-! Point Arena 4 pmiPier 2
Alameda.... 'Honolulu 11 am \ Pier T
San Jose.... 1 N. Y. via Panama. !12 miPl-r 40
Ralnter Seattle * Bllngham! 4 pm Pier 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 1f»
Aurella Astoria & Portlandl 4 pm Pier 2
Jnne 26. I I
North Fork. Humboldt I 8 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland'll am'Pler 2*
Arco ..:.Eel River Ports... 1 4 pmiPler 3
Arrati Coos B. & Pt. Orfd.!l2 m|P1er f.
s nog* San Di»go * Way.! 9 amiPier 11
> June 28. I '
Cooa Bay. . . I San Pedro & Way.| 9 aailPier U
Jnne 29. I I
Xevadan Honolulu*; Kahulull 3 pmiPler 25
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. Ill amIFler »
Jnne 30. I |
Coiwnado... Grays Harbor t 4 pnnPler 10
FROM SE.\TTLK.
Steamer. For.' J Sails.
A 1.ICI Skagway A Way Ports. I June "%
Santa Clara.. Valdez & Seward lJune> 2»
Oregon Nome * St. Michael.. [June 25
Victoria Nome A Way Ports... I June 2%
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 25
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 27
Dolphin Skagway A Way Ports. June 2S
Farallon A Skagway &. Way Ports. Uune 23
Estate of David L. Farnsworth (by Fannie
P. Farnsworth. executrix) to F. M. Goodrich
and T. C. Mortimer, lot 27, block G. game;
$1000.
Fannie P. Farnsworth to same, came: $1.
Augustine V. and Catherine C. Cosgrove t<»
»am». lot on E Jine of Sunset avenue 07.36
H of Belnvmt street. S 35. E CT.S3. NE 6X.S3,
A. F. Gunn to Ameriran Land and Trust
Company, lot on SE comer of Forty-third
avenue and I street. E 1S2:«. S 100. E 57:6
S 125. W 250. N 225. quitclaim deed: $1.
American Land and Trust Company to
George H. Gurnee. lot on PE corner of Forty
third avenue and I strtet. E 32:6 by S 100; $10.
KTvar. Anderson to Anna S. Andenson lots
157 and 159. Holliday map A: gift.
United Plates Shipbuilding Company to
James Smith Jr. frecelver United States Ship
building Company), all property; $1.
S-.ira L. and William K. Hanson to Bern
hard Gets, lot on Wilne of Head street. 150
K of Eargent. S 25 by W 100. lot 35, block 42.
city Land Association : also lot on W line of
Head street. 200 S of- Sargent. S 50 by W
100. lota 37 and 3S. b1o?k 42, same: $10.
Julius C. Rels to Charlen A. Harris, lots
32 and 33. block 27. Rels Tract; grant.
Edward Littleford et ai. to George A. Hens
ley, lots I to 14. block R, Mission Street Land
Company; $5.
Eftatc of David L. Farnsworth <by Tannle
P. Farnsworth. executrix) to Helen P. Crl»
•wrll. lot 7. block D. Sunset Heights; $1250.
Fannie P. Farnsworth to same, same, quit
claim deed: $1.
Eiliabeth KmitFen to O\t> T. Knutsen. lot
on NE corner of Eleventh avenue and I street
N 100 by K 32:6; $1.
Abraham nnd Amanda Eriekson to Anna
Bwanholm. lot on E line of f»e Ilaro stropt. 125
N nt Twenty-third. N 25 hy K 100; $ld.
John Dellamoniea to Arthur Bauer, lot on
NE lin* of Eleventh avenue and California
street. E 32 :ii by N 100; $10.
John T. and Margwret K. Kdner to Eliza S.
H. Brown>lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue,
137:6 S of California. S 12:6 by K 120; $10.
Kliza S. H. Erown (Bertram) and Antone
Brown to Margaret C Kdr.er (wife of John T.),
lot <n K line ,,f Nir.'-tt~-nth nvn*<*e; 1% S -of
California street. K 12:0 by E 120; $10.
Catherine A. Harris to William M. Brown,
lot on W line of Twenty-third avenue. 125 N of
A rtreot. N fiO by XV 120; $10.
William M. and Mary M. "Brown to Mary I*,
Roberts, same; $10.
John Murphy to Bridget Murphy, lot on K
line of Twentieth avenue, 175 feet S of Point
L'boti avenue. P 25 by E 120; gift.
Fred B. and Sabina R. Surryhne to Craw
ford Douglass, lot on E line of Twenty-first
avenue. D50 N of Fulton street, N 50 by E
120; ?10.
Florlde Wilcoxxon to Martin Hkala. lot nn
E line of KnriFas street. 100 S of Nineteenth,
fi 2% by E 125: *10.
San Francfrco Mutual Ixwn AFSociation to
Edward H. Hind's, let on H line of Filbert
street 1<»O:5 W of Lenvrnworth W 22'11 S
58:9. W 22:11. S *.?:*. E 45:1<". N 127:0; $10.'
I*>ilu K. Warfleld to H. Emerson Wsrfleld,
tlnilvlded half of lot on ?W line of First street,
94 sy of Miwion. SE t'1 hy SW 7.'.: gi't.
Vincent and Mary R"id to Henry or Henry
A. Reid, lot on NE line of Morris avenue. 75
SE of Harrison ftreet. SK 25 by NE K0: $10.
John Iieilamoiilca to Henry BninnT, lot on
NE line of l^angton Ftr«**t ISO NW of Bryant,
NW 2.'. by NK 75: $H>.
Hugh and Theresa Kwnan tr> Hugh Keenan
Construction Company, lnt on E line of Web
ster street. P.". N of Page N 25 by E 102:6:
also lot en N line of Page street." 27:6 15 of
Webrter. E 25 by N '.to: also lot on NE corner
of Haight street and Masonic avenue N 50
by E 9.V.9: also lot on N line of Haight street.
11«:9 E of Masonic avenue. E 150 by N 137:6;
also lot on HV corner of Haight and Clayton
street?. S 25 by W 06:10'...; $10.
Louis and Jennie Kriedlander to Annie T.
Dunphy. lot on NE corner of Post and Web
ster streets, E 57:0 by N 87:6: -$10.
D. J. Buckley to Fred K. an.i Marguerite
E. Sharon, lot on \Y line of Rroderick street,
125 N of Grove. N 25 by W 100 quitclaim
,Wd: $ .
Parali J. Meyers to Alexander Bond, same,
ouitclaim d«r<1: $10.
Fred E. and Marguerite E. Sharon to sanii;,
same; $10.
Sarah A.. Mortimer <". and Badi« K. Dewitt
to Jame« C. Harris, lot on W line of Broder
lek t-treet 80 .S of Lombard. S 25 liy \V 106:3;
$10
Edward T. Arcndt to Caro!in<* J. G. Arendt
and Mrs. Frank ZlmmTmann. lot on N line
of Clinton Park. 217 \V of Guerrero street \V
2."> by N 75: Rift.
Joseph Meyer lo Frederick C. Mf-yer. lot. on
E line of MisKion strert 1<C. S r.f Fifteentn. S
50 hy E 122:C. i-fscrvirR ]|f.> estate; $10.
Charles I. an'l Annie F. Gallagher to Fred
eri'k W. an.i Mary ti_ Huliman. lot on S line
r-.f Twentieth street. 2<V< \V of Guerrero W 25
by S. 114- $10.
Amelia Dorland and Leon^re A. Fouc to Je«s»
K. Oirry lot on K line of Sanchez stnvt 75 S
of Hancock. S 2j, E 100, S 14. E 10, N 39 W
110: $10.
P.ot>«rt and Maria F. Dornblufh to .Tohan
r. and Anna JV-hreler. lot on N line of Eight
eenth ftreet. 2»">l> K of Srv. K 2r> by N 111: $10.
I>ouis P. Mil'man to Annie IVinahue, lot on
S line of Twenty-first street 330 U of Castro,
E SB by S 114: $10.
Charles G. Saxe to Franceo A. Saxe. lot on
E line of Home-stead street. 110 S of Twrnty
fourth. H 25 by E 125: gift.
Erlgar F. and .Tof-ephfne E. Preston to Wil
liem G. Irwln. lot on W line of Grant avenue,
56:6 N of O'Farrell *tre«>t. W 51:6 by N 20
*1".
Fimon and Scpfii*" Clayburgh to same, lot on
TV line of Grant «vcp-» :t< :« U ot <»Farrell
street. W .-,1:6 by N 20; $10.
MONDAY. JUN-E 20.
• Edward T. Arendt to Caroline J. G. Arendt
and Mrs. Frank Zimmrrmann, lot on N line
of Union street. 2rtt:2' 4 E of Polk. E 25. N
J>S:5. NW along Lasroon survey to a point
233:2'4 E of Polk. S 126; also lot commencing
at a point 122:6 W of Larkin street and 97:0
N of Union. W 31. N 20. E SI, S 20; also
lot on NE lin' 1 of Lagoon survey 97:6 N of
Union street. N 40. YV 24:7. SE 47; also lot
commencing 117:6 N of Union street and
1S1:«U W of Larkin. N 20 by \V 20: gift.
George M. and Florence G. Perinc to Alice
C. Welch, lot on W line of Larkin Ft root,
92:6 S of Chpftnut. K 45 by W 137:8; $10
David O. Church t" Frederick L. Hansen.
lot on E line of Kranklin street. 79 S of
Greenwich. S K5 hy K 100: $10.
REAL ESTATE TKAN'SACTIOXS.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE 1 .
Following- were the sales on the San Fran
ckco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. *
100 Andes 11 100 Hale & Nore. 70
100 Belcher 24 JOOO Julia ..... 08
800 Bullion 17 200 Mexican 1 20
300 Caledonia ... 70 100 Sierra. Nev . . S3
200 Exchequer ... 36 100 Union Con . . 44
100 Gould & Cur. 20i
Afternoon Session.
100 Con C & Va.l 25| 100 Potosl 11
1250 Julia 08 600 Utah IB
100 Mexican 1 201 200 Yellow Jacket. 21
SO Mexican 1 1S|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the- Paclfla
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Con C &. Va.l 25i 300 Savage 20
](*> Mexican ...1 17 '4! 100 Sierra Nev .. .18
2"O Overman 22| 100 Yellow Jacket. 22
100 Overman 23|
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 131 100 Con C & Va.l 25
200 Challenge Con 15| 200 Sierra Nev .. 38
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Folloming were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
4000 Efperanra ... O5| 10C0 Ray & O'Brien 13
.".»> Evelyn G M.. 3OI5W0 Ton Belmont... 75
1T.0 .Tim Butler .. 70' ."500 Ton Belmont.. 76
NX» I>ucky Tom .. 03|l<*i0 Ton Belmont.. "8
3400 MacNamara . SO 1000 Ton Belmont.. 79
110 MacNamara . M o0C0 Ton Belmont.. SO
40«0 MacNamara . 49 .131:0 Ton Midway.. 55
20nO MacNamara . 48] 1100 Ton Midway.. 56
200 Mont Ton ...2 40U200 Ton N Star... 37
1200 Paymaster .. 06|
Afternoon Session.
34.700 Esperanza . 0511000 Paym**ter .... 08
2000 Esperanza ... 04 1000 Ray & O'Brien 18
SiX> Gold Anchor.. 80| 1000 Ray & O'Brien 14
600 Lucky Tom .. 0313000 Rescue- 10
4000 MacNamara . 47 3000 Rescue 12
6000 MacNamara . 4S| 100 Ton Belmont.. 75
7400 MacNamara . 49 2000 Ton Belmont.. 77
£100 MacNamara . 50! 300 Ton Belmont.. 74
7500 MacNamara . f3 012 Ton Midway.. 56
2000 MacNamara . 64 1600 Ton Midway.. 57,
300 Mont Ton ...2 45 700 Ton N Star.. 36
1S90 Mont Ton ...2 50
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. June 20—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.A.sk.
Alpha 10 12 Justlco 11 13
Alta 05 07 Krntuck 03 0.".
Andes 12 14 Keree Graes.. — 1 20
Belcher 22 24{I.ady Wash .. — 06
Best & Belch. 1 25 1 .".Si Mexican 1 IS 1 2r»
Bullion 17 1R> Occidental ... 79 SI
<"alf>donia ... 70 7l!Ophir 3 85 3 911
«"hallenge Con 14 Ifi; Overman 22 21
Chollar 11 14iPotosi 10 12
Convene* ... US 1 05 Scorpion 16 17
Con C & Va.l 20 1 25 Savage is 20
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher .. 07 C»
("on NY 02 ft:: Sierra Nev .. 3S 40
Crown Point. 14 1.%! Silver Hill .. *U «J
East Sierra N Ofi — |St Louis «!» 10
Eureka Con.. — 5O| Syndicate 0.T C4
Exchequer .. 38 "S! Union Con .. 42 45
Gould & Cur. 2n 22i I'tah 15 16
Hale & Norc. 71 75 Yellow Jacket. 20 22
Julia 06 <*!
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Ray Ton .... 20 —
Colehan — 07 'Rescue 09 10
Espcrania ... 04 05. Ton Belmont.. 73 75
Gold Anchor.. 30 — JTon & Cal... 10 —
Gold Mt Con. 02 03 Ton Exten ... S0 1 05
Hannapah M. 25 — I Ton & G W. . — «fl
Jim Butler .. — SO Ton Odd Mt. IS 20
Little Ton T>. 3S — (Ton Midway.. 57 53
Lucky Tom.. — 01|Ton of Nev.7 75 7 S7 l j
MarNan-.ara . 4fl 50; Ton N Star.. — 39
Mont Ton.. 2 50 2 5241 Ton & S Lake — SO
Paymaster ... 05 06' United Ton .. — 14
Ray Exten .. — 14' West End 20 —
Ray & O'Brien 12 13!
Captain John J. Bradley left yes
terday for Yosemite Valley to go on the
board of court-martial proceedings now
in progress there.
Major Morrow, accompanied by his
mother, will leave to-morrow for a ten
days' visit to Yosemite Valley.
He goes from his post here on a
two months' leave of absence, but in all
probability his leave will be continued
for a:i indefinite period. He will be ac
companied <>n his trip by his little son
and h's sister-in-law. Miss Martin.
Yesterday still another report be
came current In the post that there
was a possibility that the Twenty
eighth Infantry. Colonel Owen J.
Sweet, would be ordered to Fort Jay
in New . York harbor. This again
brought an entirely different aspect to
the situation. If the Twenty-eighth In
fantry is ordered to go to Fort Jay,
the Tenth will remain here some time.
In the meantime, awaiting further or
ders from the War Department, the
Tenth has commenced in a way to pre
pare for a move, but to what place
it is at a loss to know. Whether
to prepare themselves for the chilly
blasts of the Camp Nome shores, or
for the summer heat of Seattle and
adjacent posts in Washington, or for
the fogs at the Presidio, the men now
stand in great doubt.
Chief Surgeon Thomas L. Rhoads,
United States General Hospital, leaves
to-night for Allentown. Pa., taking
with him the remains of his wife, who
died during an operation at the hos
pital on last Friday. Dr. Rhoads has
been stationed here sincr December It.
1002. and has won the highest esteem
of all with whom he came in contact.
Officers of the army, associates in the
medical corps and friends in civilian
liff* unite in tendering to him the deep
est consolation in his affliction.
The Tenth Infantry has- been In a
state of excitement and commotion for
several days over the subject of the
different rumors concerning its change
of base.
The first cause of the excitement was
the telegraphic announcement from
Washington, ten days ago, stating that
the Tenth Infantry had been ordered
to the Department of the Columbia. No
confirmation of this report has reached
headquarters here, although it is fully
time for the regiment to have received
official advice from the War Depart
ment.
Sunday came a report to the canton
ment that orders had been changed in
Washington and that the Tenth was
not to go to the Department of the
Columbia. Instead it was to go ; to
Alaska, and the Third Infantry, which
had been previously destined for that
station, was to go to the Department
of the Columbia.
Possibility That the Twenty-
Eighth May Go to Fort
Jay in New York Harbor
MANY EUMOBS AFLOAT
Tenth Infantry Is Now Kept
Busy Guessing to Which
Post It Is to Be Ordered
TROOPS WONDER
AT NEXT MOVE
THE SAN /FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE ¦ 21, 1904.
Barkentine Which Sailed Saturday for Nome Comes Back
With Her Seams Badly Started and Water Pouring in
Through Openings Faster Than It Can Be Pumped Out
TROPIC BIRD SPRINGS A LEAK AT SEA
AND RETURNS TO PORT FOR REPAIRS
UKIAH. June 20. — -Willie McKen
zie and Leslie Jarvis, two well known
Mendoclno City youths, were drowned
in Big River Saturday. The boys were
in swimming and McKenzie got be
yond his depth. He was drowning
when Jarvis went to his rescue. Both
perished.
Mendoclno Lad Attempts to Rescue
His Companion and the Two
Are Drowned. »
TRIES TO SAVE COMRADE
AND BOTH ARE LOST
The grand arch which spans the
main street was dazzling with electric
lights and "Welcc-me. A. O. U. D." was
an effective work in incandescents. The
parade, with Joseph Lopes as grand
marshal, ended when the St. George
Hotel was reached. The band played
at the hotel throughout the evening.
Everything is ready for the opening
session in the morning. The Odd Fel
lows* Hall is canopied in Druid colors.
red, green, white and blue, and the
Native Sons 1 Hall, whore the Grand
Circle of lady Druids Is to meet, i3
similarly decorated. The ladiea ex
pect to have at least one hundred del
egates and are to participate in all the
festivities arranged for the Druids.
Grand Noble Arch Beck of Llvermore
arrived this afternoon and Is to open
the Grand Grove at 9 o'clock to-mor
row morning.
SAN'TA CRUZ, June 20.— The Druids
received a hearty welcome to-night by
the five hundred members of the three
local {proves. The local contingent
marched to the depot to meet the dele
gates. The visitors were escorted up
the illuminated streets, headed by a
band, and along the way blazes oC
red fire gave evidence of the citizens'
welcome.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Citizens, Headed by a Band,
Escort the Visitors to
Quarters at the Hotel
14
F-LINT— In San Juan. June 18. 18<*. Dr.
T^oma. Flint, a native of Maine, ared *0
year* 1 month and 6 days.
CTPuneral Tuesday. June =1. at .10
o'clock, from hi* late home. San Justo
Ranch. Interment Oprese Lawn <>£££?,•
San Mateo County, at 3:30 o'clock Tuesday.
GIGEL6BERGER— In this city. June If, 19M
William, dearly beloved son of Elliabetb
and the late Andrew Gu*elsberger. and
brother of Jacob. Charles and Minnie Gugels-
berjrex and the late Annie Gugelsberger,
Lizzie Winkler anil Margaret de la Crux, a
native of San FVanclsco, aged 3S years a
mevnths and 3 daj-s.
EXFriends snd acquaintances are respect-
fuilv invited to atttend the funeral to-day
(Tu"cf day) at 1 :30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors "of Joseph Haean. 1707 Sacramento
«tr«wl. nrar Polk, where «ervice« wtll be
held un<i<?r the auFpice« of Court Star of the
West No. 6856. A. O. F. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery- Please omit flowers.
HOLMKP— In this city. June 20. 1SD4. Mary
A wifp of Matthew Holmes, and mother of
Laura. Gertrude and Edith Holmes, a native
of Cornwall. England, aged 46 years and 3
months.
HTER-In Oakland. Col.. June 20. 1904. Anto-
rla twlovwl wife of Henry Hyer. and mother
of fclir Clara Gaunre Frederick L. Schrel-
b*r Mrs I^ulse Ames. Mrs. Lyd'.a Holderer.
Mrs. Hanna Towne, Mrs. Etti<» Cuthbert and
Mrs. Jennie Tur>lett. a native of Germany,
fro *"•> years II months itnd Ifi days.
JAFFA— In Oaklmd. Cal.. June 19. 1904. in-
fant «on of Mycr E. and Adel* R. Jaffa, a
natlv> of Oakland, aged 2 days.
JCRGENSEN— In this city. June 19. 1904.
Mamie Jorgensen. beloved mother of Cath-
erine Jcrgensen, daughter cf John and Mary
Keller, aad elster of Mrs. J. Bradsha.w. a
native cf Springfield. Mas*., aged 34 years.
KING — In Lorln, Berkeley Cal.. Jnne 20, 1904
Hugh, beloved »on of the late Michael and
Mary King, a native of California, aged 41
year*.
CTTriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully tr.vitrd to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Wedne*dayi. at » o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1612 Felton street. Berkeley, thence
to St. Columba's Church. San Pablo ani
Alcatraz avenues, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
LAHfFEN— In this city, June CO. 1904. Low-
ell dearly beloved and only child of Fred
snd Hazel Lahuswn. a native of San Fran-
ois'-a. ted 3 months.
LETVIN— In this city. June 20. 1004. Elizabeth
H.. wife of Walter Lewln. and daughter of
J»m« Barneson. a native of Australia, aged
.'15 j^ars.
ICy Friend? and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors or
Halsted 4 Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypres* Lawn Cemetery, by 11:3ft a. m.
train from Third and Tcwr.send streets.
LdWDEX-ln Oakland. Cal.. June 20. 1904.
Mary A., wife of Samuel Lowden. and mother
of William H. and James A. Lowden. Mrs.
F. K. Meyers and Mi's. S. N. Nash, In her
c'jrhty-flrM year.
CJ'Friend* and acquaintance! arc respect-
fully invited to' attend the funeral to-day
> J"u*-6<3rvI. at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
d*r;c». PT1 Center street. Oakland. Interment
private.
MrDONALD— In this city. June 20. 1904. Julia
A., dearly beloved daughter of Mary and the
!•!» Anthony McDonald, a native of Ean
Francisco.
C^Notire of funeral hereafter.
MITCHELL— In Tucson. Ariz.. June IS. 1804.
James F.. beloved eon of Thcmas and the
iatc Mery Mitchell, a native of San Fran-
cl«co.
C^TFuneral servlcoe will £e held at St.
Mary"s Cathedral, corner Van Ness avenue
and O'Farrell street, at 9:30 o'clock to-
rnorrow < Wednesday). Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
&JOODY— In this city. June 17. 19«4, John
M"ody. a native of England, aped £2 years.
A member of Pacific Coa*t Marine Firemen's
Vnion.
(TT'Friendfc a:id acquaintances and mem-
bers of Pacific Coan Firemen's Union are
j-etpectfully ln\ ited to attend the funeral to-
day (Tuesday), at 10::>« o'clock from the
parlors of McFadden. M<-Rrearty & Green.
1 171 Mission street, between Seventh and
niphth. Interment Cyprcse Lawn Ceme-
tery. '
rCATNTON— In thi* city. June 20. 1904. at the
re*iden<-e cf his grandparent*. Mr. and Mrs.
.1. P. Locke, 1027A Church street, John P...
dfarly beloved ton of Richard II. and Grao*
V.. Naunton, n native of San Francisco, aged
10 month* and 1 day.
Pt.U'HT- In this city. June 20 1904. Frank
A., beloved fin of Mrs. Geo:gia Peachy, and
bn-ther of Minnie T. and Julia II. Peachy,
end Mrs. R. H. Peachy, a natl\e of Califor-
nia, aced 25 years 9 months and 4 days.
C^I'rlonds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funrrral to-morrow
¦ Wedresday*. at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of CYaig. Cochran & Co. 429 Golden Gate
avenue, between Polk and Larktn streets.
Interment Cyprees Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric car from Eighteenth an<J Guerrero streets.
ESTDEJi — In this city, at her late resi-
dence, 325 Ivy avenue, June 1!». 1904. Helena
Dorathea Seyden. beloved wife of J. H. J.
Beydea, and mother uf Mrs. J. P. Caraon,
Mrs. J. H. Gallagher and George H., Henry
G., Arnold R.. J. Fred. Julius, Alfred,
'Juftav and Arthur Seyden. a native of Amt
Liorum. Hanover, Gtrmany, aged 65 years
1 month and 7 days. (New York. Dorum
and Huiover rat>ers please copy.) •
fCyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from St. Markus
<"hurch. O'Farrell street, between Gough and
Franklin. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SOMMER— In this city, June 18, 1904 Edna"
Yrene. dearly bt-loved daughter of Peter H.
and Frida Somnxr, and sister of Anna,
Rudolph. Peter H. Jr.. Frida and Elsie
Sommer. a native of San Francisco, aged 13
»>f » months and 15 days.
tT'Frientlfc and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited t.j attend the funeral to-day
iTuefjay), June 21. at I o'clock, from the
residence of her parents. Sixth av«>nue and
I mreet. South San Francisco. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cenvterv.
TOWNS-END— In thl« r'ity, June lie, 1904
Alice May. beloved wife of Thomas V F
Townsend. and daughte.r of WiUiara and
Larcnia Tochaker. mid mster of Ethel M
Tootliakcr, a native of San Francisco, aced
31 jearb.
CTTrit-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
June 21, at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. C519 Nineteenth street, thence
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
ouerrcro streets to CyDrec* Lawn Ceme-
tery for Interment. Interment private.
TRTMAN— In this city, June 20. I9«4, Aca H.
Truman.
Continued From Page Thirteen-
DEATH NOTICES.Chicago Board of Trade.
According to letUrs received by British ship
captains now In port, there has recently been
a meeting In England of British. French and
Gorman ¦ ship-owners, .who have formed a com-
.WHEAT— Foreign cables were steady on ac
count of smaller uhlpments and dry weather
in Southeastern Europe and the Argentine.,
The Hungarian official crop report estimate*
the crop at 124,600,000 bushels, against 157,
6C0.G00 bushels in 1903. The world's ship
ments for the week were as follows. In quar
ters: Russian. 344,000; Argentine, 97,000; In
dian 2(57,000; Australian, 30,000.
¦ Wire* from Chicago to Mitchell, Mulcahy &
Co. gave the following estlmtate of the condi
tion of the crop. ,. Illinois, two-thirds of a full
crop; Indiana, . very poor, almost a complete
falluro In -some sections: Michigan, almost a
total failure; Minnesota, the usual acreage and
a large yield expected; Ohio, 60 per cent of- a
crop expected: Iowa, an average crop; Kansas,
80 to 85 per cent; Missouri, fair, a good deal
of overflowed land having been | plowed - up;
Colorado, extreme Southern California, Arizona
and New Mexico, in a bad way. ¦ '
Wheat and Other Grains.
International Exchange is lower all around.
All local rates remain about as before.
LOCAL. •
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*... ,— $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87*4
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 08%
New Y.ork Exchange, telegraphic — . 0ft •
Silver, per ounce.. — 63%
Mexican Dollars 45 O —
INTERNATIONAL.
New Tork on Mexico .215
Berlin on London 2O.40Vi
Paris on London 25.19%
Exchange and Bullion.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL..
Wheat— July. ' Sept.
Opening ti 2 6 3%
Closing «> 'JVi 6 8;
PARIS.
Wheat — June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 10 20 10
Closing 20 05 20 05
Flour —
Opening 27 45 -27 40
Closing 26 05 27 30
5"/. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. June 20. — Wool firm and active;
medium grades, combing and clothing 1S5J
24«4c; light, fine. 1C®1Sc; heavy, fine, 12@15c;
tub washed. 20fl33c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, June 20.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla COc; bluestem. 77c; valley, 73c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 20.— WHEAT— Nominal and
unchanged: bluestem. 80c; club, 70c.
» ______
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. June 20. — Clearings, $$35,034;
balances. $121,126. . -
TACOMA June 20.— Clearlnge, $355,461; bal
ances *. r i5.fiS2. ...
PORTLAND. June 20.— Clearings, $623,885;
balances, $93,4SS.
SPOKANE. June 20. — Clearings, $441,488;
balances, $00,CC8.
bi nation to put up the rates of grain freights
under the name of "The Sailing Ship-owners'
International Union." Of the 1,800,000 .tons of
tonnage engaged In the grain-carrying trade
1,367,000 tons signed the agreement, which la
to charge a rate on Wheat from San Francisco,
usual European options, of 22s 6d and on Bar
ley 23s W. lay days to begin after July 15- The
rate oa Wheat from Portland will be 27s Cd
and from Puset- Sound 26s 3d. A local grain
shipper and buyer, being asked as to the effect
of this advance In freights on the Wheat mar
ket, said: "If this is carried Into effect It
will mean a lower price for Wheat as far as
shippers are concerned. All the shippers could
pay now at the proposed new rate on the pres
ent Liverpool basis of Wheat would be $1 12%.
and all they could pay for Barley would be
95c. There will be a good deal of poor Wheat
this year and less choice milling Wheat than
last ytar. Hence good milling Wheat will
probably sell much hlsher than shipping.
Under present Indications all the choice Wheat
will be taken by the millers, but there Is a
contingency that may offset this. The crop In
the northern States • promises to be vast,
being estimated at from 1.250,000 to 1.50O.OO0
,tons, with a full crop of Barley as well. This
means a large output of Flour, of which a
large quantity would be shipped In here, and
this would naturally depress both milling and
shipping Wheat."
The feeling in the cash grain was weak yes
terday and California and Northern Club were
both lower, while the other descriptions re
mained unchanged. There was no particular
change in futures. .
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 27%@1 32%: California
White Australian. $1 52%@1 57%: Northern
Club. $1 30®l 35; Northern Bluestem, $1 80
©1 65 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 27% $127% $127 $1 27%
2 p. ¦ m.' S?sslon.
December— $1 27% bid, $1 27& a*ked-
BARLEY— The combtne of the foreign ship
owners to raise freight rates and Its probable
effect on the market will be seen above under
the head of • Wheat. The cash grain was not]
materially changed yesterday, but futures were
lower owing to the heavy sales of a bear op
erator, who was putting out a large line of
shorts.
CASH BARLET.
Feed, $1 O1U©1 03% for old and $1@1 02%
for new; Brewing, $1 05@l 10; Chavalier.
$1 02%®l 10 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 8 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 85% 85 ', 94% 95%
2 p. m. Session.
December — 95c asked.'
OATS — A line of 2192 ctls was received from
Washington. The market was quiet at pre
vious prices.
White. 41 40S1 43: Black. $1 20@l 23: Red,
$1 20grl 30; Gray, nominal. New crop red
$1 lolal 20 per ctl. >>
CORN — The continued liberal receipts from !
the West are deprtsslng the market and another j
decline is noted. Receipts from State sources :
are still l'.ght. I
Western sacked, $1 42%S1 45 for Yellow,
$1 42M.61 45 for White and $1 40/gl 42% for
Mixed; Callfornlar large Yellow. $1 42%gl 45;
Bmall round do, $1 50®l 65; White. $1 42%^
1 45 per ctl: Egyptian, $1 32%gi 42% for
White and $1 25©1 30 for Brown.
KYE— $1 30@l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75@2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60® 1
4 90. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50$4 80; (
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 S5@4 25 j
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follow*: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs:
Rye Flour, $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50: extra cream do, $4 2»;
Oat Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $4@4 23; Buck
wheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $4; I
Furina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. V; 75. 1
Rolled Oats bbls. $7 25@S tiO; In sacks. $6 ~i'o't ¦
8 10; Pearl BaVley. $H; Split Peas, boxes. $7; !
Ureen I'eas, $5 60 per 10o lbs.
Hay and Fcedstuffs.
Receipts of Hay were liberal yesterday, be
ing 81$ tons, and the market continued easy. |
A cargo of new marsh tame Oat came in and I
$7 was bid and .«* asked for It. For a car of
choice new Wheat and Oat $11 50 was bid. ;
New cultivated Oat is selling at the quota
tion below.
The arrival of 10.304 sacks of Bran and 3760 I
sacks oJ Shorts from Washington naturally :
gave these ' descriptions an easier feeling. '
though quotations Flowed no decline, as the
market had been bare and was considered a\!e
to absorb both lines without weakening.
BRAN— $22®23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24®29 per ton.
SHORTS— $22Q23 per ton
. FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $22 COS2-"!
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. Mo .VK?.1l 50:
jobbing, $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22623; Corn
Meal. $32833; Cracked Corn. $32 £Ufc33 5l>;
Mixed Feed. $22@23: Horse Beans. $30® 40 per
ton; rsroom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat Sllr.ill CO; Wheat and Oat. I
$11©12 50; Oat. $&G12; Wild Oat. $7&lU: Bar
ley and Oat. $"©11: Stock. $7®8; Alfalfa. $"«•
10 per ton; new Volunteer Wild Oat, $7'ijS 50
: per ton; new Wheat $10@12 50; new Wheat
and Oat, $10@12; new Oat, $3; new Alfalfa,
$7 p?r ton.
STRAW— 60©S0c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There !s nothing new In these descriptions.
Lima Beans continue very firm. .
BEANS— Bayo.«. $'_• 40^'J 53; Pea. $2 yo®3;
Butters, $3: small White. $2 85(93 10; large
White. $2 35©2 00; Pink. $3 40^3 60; Red,
$4 25«4 30: Lima. $3 :50®:i 40; Red Kidney3. |
$4 75@5: Blackeye. $2@2 10 per ctl; Horss |
Beans, $26'- 50. I
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 25<8>4 50; Yellow
Mustard. S2 50<33; Flax. $1 76^2: Canary. !
5%©5};e for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%©16c; Rape, j
2g-2%c: Timothy, 6@6%c; Hemp. 3%®4c p»r
lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20021
*r>RIED PEAS — Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Nlles,
$3 25; Green Peas. $383 25.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Local Jobbers and retailers were operating
freely In the Potato market yesterday and. al
though receipts were liberal and th» carry-over
from Saturday comparatively heavy, the mar
ket cleaned up well at previous prices and oc
casional lots of strictly fancy stock commanded [
the usual premium. New Sllverskln Onions j
were plentiful and slightly lower, but red were
unchanged.
Vegetables continued to meet with a good :
demand, both for local use and shipping, and I
Green Corn, Summer Squash, Rhubarb and ,
String Beans were quoted higher. Garden Beans 1
were offering In small quantities and met with
prompt sale at 7c per pound. Tomatoes were 1
weak at unchanged rates. Receipt fsrom Los |
Angeles were plentiful and a carload came In j
frcm Mississippi late in the day.
POTATOES— New White, $1 25@1 75 per ctl: |
Early Roue. $1 40<£l 60 per ctl; Garnet Chiles. 1
$1 5thSl 60 per ctl; old Oregon Burbanks. %\<&
1 35 per ctl; old river Burbanks, (K.c«<f 1 per ctl.
ONIONS — Australian Yellow. $4 254i4 50 per
ctl; new Red. , 7."g85c per sack; new Sllver-
Eklns. $1 23C1 35 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. $2^3 per sack:
Asparagus, 5®8c per lb; Rhubartj, 75c@$l 25
per box: Green Peaa, $1 7392 per sack:
Garden Peas, 3%f/4c per lb; String and
Wax Beans, 3<S5c per lb: Tomatoes, 604TiOc
per box or crate for Los Angeles and 75c@$l
for Mexican; Summer Squash. $1 for small and
$2#2 60 for large boxes; Cabbage. $1 per
ctl: Carrots. $1 per sack; Cucumbers, 75@90o
per box for Marysvllle and $2£2 23 for bay:
Garlic. 4@6c per lb; Egg Plant. S'fflOc per lb:
Dried Peppers, 8@10c for sun-dried and 12%&
13c per lb for evaporated: Dried Okra, 12%*?
15c per lb;. Green Peppers from Los Angeles.
6®10c per lb; from Stockton. ; Marrow
fat Squash. Jobbing, at l%@2c per lb.
- . Poultry and Game.
Two carloads of Western Hens, Including
one that came In on Saturday, were on sale
and met with a fair demand at $6<ff6 50 per
dozen. Callfornlan Hens were vtry weak
owing to the abundance and comparatively low
prices of the Western article, but everything
elrip in the chicken line wu reported steady.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 14015c per lb;
Geese per pair, $1 25@1 60; Goslings. $1 60®
1 73; Ducks, $404 60 per dozen for -old and
$4 60®5 60 for young: Hens. $3 60®6 for
large and $4®5 for small: young Roosters,
$7 50e»; old Roosters. $4 5O®5; Fryers, $3 50®
6 60- Broilers $3&4 for large and $2 25$2 50
for small: Pigeons. $1 60 per dozen for old and
$1 6O1RI 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 60 per dozen: Rabbits,
$1 7502 for Cottontails and $1 p«r dozen for
brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Several delayed boats came In from the
north over Sunday and yesterday's receipts
were tha largest ever known In this market,
being 1720 cases. The market did not weaken
under this heavy load, however, but was held
right up by the receivers, and some of them '
actually reported a steadier feeling In the fine
creameries. Still, there- is » large quantity
of Eaotern Butter reported on the way here,
and this has more or less Influence on the tone
of the market. ¦ ¦ :¦_ .
The Increasing firmness in Cheese, with the
prospects of a possible advance, have attracted
the attention of the Oregon , Cheese makers,
and In consequence . receipts . from Oregon
showed a large Increase yesterday, offsetting
the advancing tendency of the market. Some
dealer* quoted 8c for choice mild new. but the
majority still named 8%e in view of the In
creasing receipts from Oregon.
The Egg market' was amply supplied and
22%c was about the best figure ~uoted. i The
•medium and lower grades are still depressed
by the large receipts of Eastern, mentioned last
Receipts were 172,000 lbVButter. 1198 cases
Eggs and 20, COO lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. lS%giOc
for extras and 17%<81Rc for firsts; dairy, 168
17%o: store Butter. 13015c; cold storage, nom
inal.
CHEESE— 3%c for choice new and 7©7%o
" \
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4a or coup..l07V»107*;j4s qr cp new.l:t2Hl-'V» v «
4s qr reg...l06^106HI3s »;r coup.-.lOti 10«'.*
MISCELLANEOrS STOCKS.
Ala A W 5S.101 — O T Co 6s. -119V* —
Bay CPC 5a. — 103 Do 6s ....Illfel12
Cal C G 5s.lO2"slC4 Do con 5s. — lOCI
Cal G «: E g . Oceanic S 5s. — 73
m & Vt 5s. 8»% 85 Om Cable 6». — 123
Cal-st C 6s. — 117% Par G Im 4s. 01% —
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P E Ry 5s. .104^103%
E L * P 6S.124 — P A C H 6a.l05 —
F*& C H 6s.ll4% — P A O R «s. — IH
Geary-st 5s., — 63 jPowell-st 6s. — 114
H CAS 5%s 10O — |S E O A RSa. 9«% 9<%
Do 6s •••• »7%100 iSF A SJV5s.ll6% —
Hono R T fsAOS — ! Sierra Ry 6». — 115
L A Elec 6«. — 103 IS P of A to
L A Ry 6».111% - (l»09> }%?*-
LALCoes. — — (191O> 109 110
Do rtd 6s. — — S P of C «s
' DO gtd 6s. 102% — <19C5>Sr A.102U —
LAP lcm 5s.l0l - <1»C3^r B.103^ —
Mkt-st C tfs.HSVi — ' «90«> 105 —
Do lcm 5s.imi — «1912) ..... — 119
MV A MT5s.ldt% — SPC 1 eg Bs.lVJ —
N R of C 6s.lf»7 — Do stmpd.lCJ —
Do 5, llft%117 S P B R 68.1.12 —
N P C R Ss.105 108 13 V Wat «"1£3 —
N C R 5s. .. — 112 Do 4s 2dm. 99 *»'i
N C P C Ss 90 101 I Do 4s 3dm. — 90
N S R R fa. — 100%] SVW gm 4s. 87% —
O O LAH 6s. 107 — Stkn OAK Js. — 101 M
O W gtd 5s. — ICO (IT G A E 3s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa— Vl I Port Costa^. — —
Marin Co... — 6O |S V W Co. S7% 37S
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
C#nt_L A P. 3% 4 IS F G * E. «1*4 —
Mutuat E L. 13* 12% Stkn O A E^ 6* -
Pac L Co... 67 - |l'O*EC»- •
INSURANCE.
Flr«n'« Fnd.310 340 j
BANK STOCK3.
Am Ntl Bk..l27% — |L P A A....15O I«9
Anglo-Cal .. S3% 80% Mer Trujt....2O6 -
Hks.'sip » ??'».- - =
Ger S A L.228O 2350 ISaT A L 8o." — 100
Hum SAL. — — \S»c SaT Bk. — 43O
Mutual Sav.100 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.640 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..103 2C0 I Presidio 40%—--
Geary — «> I
POWDER.
Olant W *1 ivigorit — 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 13c Kllauea 8 C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 60% — Mak*weH C. 21 U 22
Hnnokaa 8 C 11% 12 Onomea 8 C. 24 27\»
Hutch 8 P C 8 » IPaauhatt S C. 12% UVi
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 137 139 (Oceanic S Co. 4U 4V,
Cal F C A. — 100 I Pac Aux FA. 3 «
Cal Wln« A. R9% — Pao C Borx.157% —
MVA MtT5s.lOO — I
Morning Session.
Boarxl —
• 20 California, Wine Association... SO 73
15 Paauhau S P Co 12 8714
30 Spring Valley Water Co, h 10. 37 73
$8 000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per c«nt. .105 0O
$3|000 S P of Arizona (1909) 10S 30
Street —
10 Mutual Electric Light 12 5O
Afternoon Session.
Board-^—
B0 MakaweU 21 50
. 40 S F Gas A Electric «l 50
10 Spring Valley Water Co 37 62%
MONDAY. Juna 20—2 9. ra.
STOCK AXD BOXD EXCHANGE.
KANSAS CTTT. June 20. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts. 000O. Market steady to weak. Choice
export and dressed beef steers, $5 ".Vfi'J 40: fair
to good, $4 26(35 50: Western fed steers. $4 25®
6; stockers and feeders, $3<iJ4 70: 1 Southern
fteers. $3f 5 70; Southern cows $2^4; native
heifers. $3 25g5 40; bulls, $2 3O#4 25; calves,
$2 r.Oi/4 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 4100. Market 5c to 10c
higher. Bulk of sales, $4 00i@5 06; heavy. $5ff
6 10: packers $4 05^3 05; pigs and lights, $4 40
Q4 97%.
SHEEP— Receipts. 270O. Market 10c to' 13c
higher. Native lambs, $5*ffl SO; Western
lambs, $3©6 So; fed ewea, $4 60^5 10; Texas
cITpved yearlings, $4 75^5 35; Texas clipped
sheep, Jl'jl 85; stockers and feeders, $3@4.
Kansas City.
The Lumber Market.
Th» W**. Coast «nd Puget Sound Lumber-'
man say* :
"The attempt to reduce the output cf lurn
b*r in the fouth and on the coast it being 1
rnrt in a ha!f-h*arte-1 way, and d»s not prom- j
1*« success. The same results are being
reached, however, by th# voluntary or forced
doting down of many mills. It is \-ery prob
able that this curtailment is greater than it
»-<-»uld tt from every mi'.l shutting down only
•>ne day In the week. In one district 60 per
cent at tiie cut is rfj-oruid out of commission.
The sblacle n;ark«>t Is about as bad as It can
b<\ and any one who ne<*is r hlrutles need not j
frar to buy at present trices. Shipments for :
the first live month* of the year show a heavy
d-crtsst over the same months in l»03. The
jifit two or thr«* months will probably be dull
nuf% In the thingie market, and any niillman
who can cio*e his mill will be wise in so
doin*. The lo«r market Is generally weak.
In Pugtt Sound log* are bringing more money 1
tr.an in eny other market on the coast. The j
t-hulting down of many of the camps hae po !
far proven beneficial to the logger, but It puts j
the rr.illTnan on the Sound to a considerable 1
disadvantage In competing with mills that
buy lops in other market*. In British Colum
bia tba log market if stagnant and the log
«c*rs are f hutting down mar.y camps. In
«;rays Harbcr and on the Columbia River logs
•vie 'ovtrylentllul. with prices low and weak."
Weather Report.
O2fnh Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 20—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are repcrtcS for previous day from
K»stern ritlw:
Bcrton 76-«> New Orleans 80-*iS |
Cincinnati ... 80-68 Philadelphia .i...MJ-<J8l
Jacksonville *G-72 Washington ..... .«S-ti6 1
St. Louis 70-W! New York bi>-<X j
THE COAST RECORD.
C 2 2 3 •» ' "C
STATIONS. I J||| |f I* I
: 2 1 : I :
Htker 2S.«6 1H 44 NW Clear .00
Carson 2a. 04 P2 M N Clear .00-
Eureka 2».92 6tt 46 NW Clear .CO
Fresno 23. <H t»4 M NW Clear .00
BE. Farallon.29>l M 61 SW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff T»M <«0 44 S tnear .00
. PocattiSo at.7S WWW Clear -00
Independence .£3.«0 M «>C fiW Clear .00
Loe Angeles.. :».K8 72 UO EW Pt.Cldy .00
Mt Tarr.alrais.2».Sl 74 €2 W Clear .0V
North Head... 00. 04 60 4S NW Cloudy .00
l'hotr.ix 2».5«5 1<4 72 SW Clear .00
Point Rejes..2J».7» 65 47 6 Cloudy .00
Portlcnd 2».S2 76 50 NW Clear .00
Tltl Bluff 23.60 1»8 78 N Clear -0\>
Ro«>*burE 29.1*4 M 46 X ¦ Clear .00
KacTsmento ..2».<!4 bU «0 SW Clear .00
F*!t L&ke 29.74 62 M NW Cloujy .00
San Frar.cisco.29.K2 <2 60 SW Clear .00
t^an L.ObiFpo.29.^ ej 4S S Clear .00
Han r».ffo....23.»8 64 60 SW Cloudy • .00
BCBttlt »-M 72 44 NE Cl'ar .00
Spokane 23. S« 78 4K SW Pt.Oldy .CO
Taloosh 30.04 5l* 40 NW Ra.In .CS
Vil'j Walla.. 29. M *4 Ml V." Clear .00
Wir.neniucca .21*. 72 *4 50. NE t.lear .00
T una 58 100 70 SW Clear ,-00
WEATHER CON DITIONP AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has faJlen steadily ov»r the
northern half of the Pacific Slope. A depres
»ic?i of Ecrr.e depth overlies the x-a'.l»y of the
Colorado, and cJoutfy weather is rej>orted Id
Souihem California.
A light tihower occurred at Los Angeles.
Mu'-u warmer weather prevails in Oregon
end Wtehingicn.
Forecast ma<1<» at Fan Francisco for thirty
hours «-r.d;rg midnight. June 21:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday, warmer;
lii;ht rcrtherly wind*.
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday, possi
bly light showers In the'mornJng; fresh south
we-rt wiade.
Nevada— Fair: warmer Tuesday.
fen Francisco an<l vicinity— Cloudy Tues-
Cay, with fog la the morning; brisk south
weft winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit ana Wheat Bulletin.
~ ' K 2 a~ 5! «
5 = ? £ I
l%ll ? e li.
Cfl 5H i P *"
ETATIONS. 2 3 % " c 33 JTS
f ¦ 1 Vm
«~r]uta P" '"•3 Clear .00
Kurtka 56 4* NW Clear .00
Fresno f>4 £8 N"W Clear .fO
Hai'ord S3 69 . Clear . .00
Holllster «7 4.1 W Foggy .00
'ln4ep'-n-3ence 88 W SW Clear .00
King Oty M 41 N Clear .00
Uvermore M 60 Clear .0»
I>n« Angeles 72 W> EW Pt.«^dy Tr.
Ut-rced 81 51 . Clear .00
Kai« 70 60S Clear .00
f>wea*tle »8 «) SW Clear .00
K'ewman 03 64 Clear* .00
Palermo 101 67 N ' Clear .00
PcrtirvlUe *»? «« NW Cloudy .00
Red Bluff SH '8 N Clear .00
Riverside M «) Clear .00
Sacramento M> «> PW Clear .00
<san IMego.: «« «0 SW Cloudy .00
San Francisco «2 RO 8W Clear .00.
"Un Jot* *¦"* 51 Clear JA \
San Luis Oblspo ?:« 48 K Clear .0O
SanU Maria........ *H 63 .... Clear .00
Kanta Itoea, 76 45 .... Clear .00
Stockton M &9 •••• Clear .00
Willows OT 72 N gear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hanferd — Dried apricots being received.
Fruit and gralnc doing nicely.
Hollister — Hay turning out better than «t
p«-t«?d. Miperior quality.
Stockton — Small shipment of early peaches
»<>tng forward: medium quality.
Rtx-erslde — Peaches and apricots from desert
section in market.
Cdusa— Barley y1*l«tng ralr; wIU be about
half crop. Wheat ripening fart.
Palerm* — Hct, dry north wind; orange trees
nutting on new growth.
Willow*— High wind dair-airing grain.
Llvermore— Ueadlr* wheat will begin in
1. \f -jt a week.
banta ' Mai ih — Cool weather continues; no
damage to crops from past windy spell.
Newman— No cliange.
if a pa, peaches looking fine; promises fair!
yield.
Kan Jose — Fruit crop compares with tact
year, very favorably.
Santa Rosa — Conditions remain the same a*
;•! 1 leport ,
A- O. McADIE, Section Director.
OMAHA. June 20. — CATTLE— Receipts.
2000; best weak, others 10c lower; native
steers. $4 75'gC U<i; cows and heifers, $3 50ffJ
5 10; canners, $2<fr3 25: stockers and feeders.
$2 :.(»''< 4 15: calves, $2 7<Vy5 75; v bulls and
*tac«, $2 .VWJ24 €0.
- HOGS— Receipts. 5000; market 5ftlOe higher:
heavy, ?5 07%©5 10; mixed. $4 OStfS; light,
$4 W-ftt> 02%; Pigs, $4^4 60; bulk of sales,
?4 n."4"i 02%. , ; . .. •
SHEEP— Receipts, 3500; ' market, steady;
Western yearlings. * t 75'a. r > 25; wethers, $4 75
®r> 25; ewes, $4 Mi'.;.".; common and stockers,
$306; lambs, $5 50#7.
Omaha.
Local stocks and bonds wer» Tery qnlet on
the Bond Exchange. There was a sale of Cali
fornia Wine at $39 75. The Tonopab mining
stocks continued active, but the Comstocks
were quiet The oil shares were very dull.
Ex-dividend yesterday: California Fruit
Canners' Association, regular monthly, COc per
share, amounting to $17,349 60; California
Powder Works, the usual monthly dividend of
30c per share: Calumet and Arizona Mining
Company of Arizona, a regular quarterly divi
dend of $1 30; Home Oil Company, regular
monthly. 2%c per share, amounting to $2."»oO.
The Pacific Jupiter Steel Company of Saa
Mateo County has levied an assessment of 2%o
per share, delinquent July 16.
The Continental .Building and Loan Asso
ciation has declared a semi-annual dividend of
8 per cent per annum on classes "A" and "F"
stock, 6 per cent on term deposits and 5 per
cent on ordinary deposits, payable July 1.
The San Francisco and Suburban Hem*
Building Society has declared a half-yearly
dividend at tie rate at 10 p«r cent "per annum
on the capital stock and participating certifi
cates, payable July 1.
The preferred stock of the United Railway
Investment Company was ax-divldend of 1%
per cent yesterday. *
Two more railroad carloads of Ophlr ora
have been shipped, making eighteen carloads
on the way or in process of sale.
Not Much Life, Except in the To
no pah Mining Stocks.
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. June 20. — CATTLE — Receipts,
26,000; choice, steady; others 10®15c lower;
good to prime steers. $5 75&6 50; poor to me
dium, $4 f>0(g5 25: stockers and' feeder*. $2 75®
4 50; cow», $1 50<?f4 50; heifers, $2tJ4 75; can
ne>r«, $1 50tg2 Co; bulls, $2W4 40; calves, $2 5O@
5 60; Texas fed, bteers, $4 S5Q6 25; graseers,
$2^3 3.-..
HOGS — Receipts, 30.000 to-day, 12.000 to
morrow; good to choice heavy. $5 20<g3 30;
rough heavy. $4 DOf?5 15; light. $1 U5©5 15;
bulk of sales, $5 10<&5 20. -
SHEEP— Receipts, 20.000; sheep and lambs,
strong: good to choice wetKers, $4 7S@5 25:
Western she*-D. $4 5OS3: native lambs. $5®
6 60; Western lambs, $t>@7; spring lambs. *r>it
7 C3.
Chicago.
CATTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
Receipts of Cherries have been steadily de
creasing for some days and- yesterday's ar
rivals were Insufficient to satisfy the demand,
which continued brisk, although prices took a
higher range. Good shipping stock was eagerly
sought after by shipping brokers and fancy
lotF of Royal Annes, suitably packed for ship
ping, would have found prompt sale at $1 per
drawer had there been any obtainable. Re
ports from the various growing districts Indi
cate that the crop Is about exhausted. Other
early deciduous fruits were In free supply and
generally weaker, fancy w-hite Astrachan Ap
ples alcne showing- any firmness. Figs sold at
irregular priced as to quality and size of pack
age. The top quotation was obtained only for
double-layer drawers from Fresno. $1 25 being
the top for the general market. Seedless
Grapes were still offering at $1 60 per crate
and met with slow sale. Watermelons were
easier at 2{£2%c per pound and Cantaloupes
were quoted lower. Receipts of Berries con
tinued ample for all needs and prices had but
slight quotable variance. Currants were a
lltjle firmer under decreased receipts and some
small lots of the Cherry variety continued to
command a premium. ,'
The open market for Citrus fruits was rather
quiet, but sound Navel Oranges continued to
command good prices. Mexican Limes were
In Increased supply and sold at a wider range.
At the auction sale two cars of Oranges were
sold as follows: Navels, $1 :;."o2 20 for choice
and $1@1 25 for standard; Valencias. $2 3O>Q
2 45 for fancy and $161 70 for choice. There i
were no fancy Navels offered and desirable
sizes ' of the choice grade were keenly com
peted for. hence the wide range In prices.
STRAWBERRIES— $4i©6 per chest for Long
worths and $2 5dS4 80 for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES — $2©3 per chest for red
and $3<£r3 60 for black.
i BLACKBERRIES— $4©6 per chest: crates.
I 50c.
! RASPBERRIES — $6<g8 per chest: crates from
Newcastle C0p75c; from Fresno, $1 60.
GOOSEBERRIES— 3®4c per lb for small and
7c for English. -^
CURRANTS— $3 6C®5 per chest.
CHERRIES— In Bmall packages, 73<890c; tn
bulk. &38c per lb for Black and 6@7%c for
Royal Anne.
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates. 50S««3c;
baskets. 4CiJr50c; large open boxes, $1©1 25.
APPLES— Old. $150^2 25 per box; new
Green. 25<g50c for small boxes and baskets and
75c«?$l 25 for large.
PEARS— 25<S^5c per box or basket.
PEACHES— WXg75c per box or basket.
PLUMS — 40<g>5c per package.
FIGS— 75ci&$1 50 per box.
CANTALOUPES— $1 for small and $3f?3 60
for large.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $183 per
box. as to size and quality: Seedlings. $1 259
I 1 50; Valencias. $1 50#2 50; Mediterranean
j Sweets. $1 75; Tangerines. $1 "SQ2: Lemons,
; $2 5O4?$2 73 for fancy, $1 60®l 75 for choice
and $1@1 25 for standard: Grape Fruit, $1 50
i €2 for seedless and $1@1 50 for ordinary;
Mexican Limes. $4g5 per case; Bananas,
1 t'2@3 per bunch for Central American and
1 $1@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $233 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits ,N uts, Raisins ,Honey.
Evaporated Apples are higher and concen
trated into a few hands. New Apricots ar» :
very firm and new Peaches have again advanced
under prospects of a short output, estimated at ]
about two-thirde of last year's crop, with brisk
competition between buyers. Honey still rules
firm under unfavorable crop prospects.
FRUITS — New «rop futures — Apricots, 7©$c:
Penches. 5%Q<;c per lb. Old crop — Apricots,
frfflOc for Royals and 9912c for Moorparks:
Evaporated Apples. 4V t g6%c; sun-dried. 39
4%e; Peaches, 7©8c: Figs, white. 2%<63c In
boxes; black, 4!4c; Plums, pitted, 5@7%c per
pound.
PRUNES— J903 crop. 2©2%e for the four
sizes
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) art as j
follows: nO-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. 4-ciown. I
4c per lb; 3-crown. 4Uc; 2-crown. 4c: Malaga,
loose, 3-crown 4c: 2-crown. 3%c; Thompson's |
seedless, 4c; seedless Sultanas, 3%c: Seedless
Muscatels. 3%c; do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins. 16-os cartons, fancy. 6%c; choice. 6lt<s;
12-01 cartons, fancy. 4%c: choice. 4%e; la
bulk iancy ."U;c; choice, 6c; Imperial clus
ters, $3: Dehesa. $2 60; fancy. $2; London
Layers. 3-crown, $1 35; 2-crown, $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. i:5%®14c;
1 No. 2. ll%«12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13®13%c;
No 2 11®11%c; Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa.
rells. 11 %c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
1 and a'-ic tor Languedoc; Peanuts. C@7o for
1 Eastern: Pecans, llQ;:5c; Cocoanuts, $4 5033.
HONEY— Comb. 11%®12%c for white and
10@llc for amber; water white extracted. l>\f
6e; light amber extracted. 4%@3c; dark,
3%S4c.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was firm, ,wlth Pork 37%c higher
and Lard and Ribs I7%tl20c higher on disap-
I pointing receipts of Hogs, which were expected !
to run very heavy during June, but which up
to date have not. The packers were trading
en both sides of the market.
There was no change In this market, but the
feeling continued unsettled, and dealers want
to be surer of Chicago values before changing
prices here.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
13%c for extra light and 13916c for sucar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Cali
fornia Hams 12@12%c; Mess Beef. $109
10 50 per bbl: extra Mess. ,$11611 30; Family.
$12@12 £0; prime Mess Pork, $14; extra clear,
; $22: Mess,v *17 00: Dry Salted Pork. 914c: Pig
Pork $26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14o
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%e per ID for
1 compound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
8%Ci 10-lb tins. 9>ic; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins,
9%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c: thre«
half barrels. 8>'|C: one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %$Hc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c: medium. 8%c; light. Sc; Cow 1
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags, i
6c : Salted Kip, 9c: Salted Veal 10c; Salted j
Calf lie; dry Hides 16c; dry Kip. 13c: dry
Calf. lSe; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25£3Oc each;
short Wool. 40663c each: medium. 70690c: long
Wool. $161 60: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2@2 60 fcr medium. $1 25gl 73 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $161 23
for small and 50: for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 23c; dry
Central 1 American. 30^32%c. Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras, 73c; Iarg* and smooth. 00c:
medium. 33c; small. 2Cc.
TALLOW — No 1 rendered. 4%'84%c per jb;
No. 2, 3%©4c: grease, 2%®3c.
WOOL — Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 17610c: San Joaquln and Southern, 12
months' Willie; do 7 months', 9611c per 1b; ;
Middle Counties 13617c for free and 12£13<3 ,
for defective: Northern lt!6-13c for free and |
14916c for defective: Nevada.' 13616c. accord- !
ing to condition. ,
HOPS — Jobbing «t 27%630c per lb for Call- j
fornia. 11*03. Contracts for 1004 crop at
! 17%620c are reported. ' "' •' i
Meat Market.
Veal, Mutton and Lamb opened the week
higher. The advance In Mutton Is due to the
giving out of the California stock and the fact
that seme wpeks must elapse ere this market
can call upon Nevada for supplies. Cattle
and Hogs showed no change, supplies of both
being ample for the demand, which la light,
as usual at this season of the year.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6@7c tiit Steers and 5®0c per lb
for Cows. * ; v.
VEAL— Large, 7%®8%c; small. 869%e per
pound. .
MUTTON— Wethers, 768c; Ewes. 6%®7c
per lb.
LAMB — gg9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hftgs. 8%08%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in Ban Francisco, less 30
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers 7%6»%c : Cows and Helf
er». 6%07c; thin Cowa. 4&3c per lb.
CALVES — t@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3K@3%c; Ewes. 2%63«
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 23@2 60 per bead.
HOGS— Live Bogs. 140 to 200 lbs, 4-% 05c;
200 to 230 lbs. 4%c: over 250 lbs, 4>ic; soft
Hogs, nominal; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars.
60 tier cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent o9 from
above quotations. *
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5%c; San Quentta.
$5 40; Wool Bags. 32933c; Fleece Twine.
768c. - •- :„''-
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8: 8eattle. $6 60; Bryant. $S 60: Beaver
Hill. $3 50; Stanrord. $7: Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay $5 60: Greta $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 60; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 23 la
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 60; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 5O01*
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 43 p«r 200O lbs and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 6c; Linseed. 49c per gatlcn for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 10(91 12; Lucol, 4ic for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 62%®S0c per gal
lon; Cocoanut Oil In barrels. 33c for Ceylon and
63o for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 6Sc: natural winter Sperm Oil. 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 67c; natural Whal*
Oil, 62c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c:
No 1 Lard OH, 63c; pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 83c: light Herring Oil.
42c; dark Herring Oil. 40c; Salmon OIL 34c:
/boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 33c; boiled
Paint Oil. S3c; raw Paint Oil. 31c
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OIL la buTk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. la cases. 20c; Astral. SOc;
CHICAGO. June 20. — On' the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries. 13%ffl7%c; dairies, ll%(S16c.
Erc« easy 14f?14%c. Chee.«e eat>v. 7%«Mo.
ELGIN, 111.. June 20. — BUTTER — Ranged
firm to-day at 17%c per pound. Sales for the
week were 83.400 pounds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
paper 3%®4V4 per cent. Sterling exchange
•was firm, with actual business in bankers
bill? at $4.S730Q4.S735 for demand and at
M.*C3o^?4.S540 for sixty-day bills. Posted
rates. $4 S6g* 88. Commercial bills. $4 85V4-
Mexican dollars, 44%c. Bonds — Governments,
easy: railroad*, firm. Money on call was easy
at 1C1% per cent: closing bid. % per cent;
offered at 1 per .cent. Time loans were easy
and dull; sixty days and ninety days, 2 per
cent; six months, 3@3!i per cent.
Nezu York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, June 20.— An unimportant vol
' ume cf business was done In the stock mar
, kvt to-day, but the tone was plainly firm, and
oonfldence over the prospect for values .was
1 thereby fostered. News bearing upon values
was slight, but In the absence of threatening
dev*lr,pments and with protection afforded to
Southern Pacific there was no urgent pres
sure to sell. Bankers usually Intrusted with
i financial operations for the company were
larpp buyers of Southern Pacific, and the of
! ferinps including several thousand shares for
i London account, were readily absorbed. The
circular issued by the president to stockhold
ers In explanation of the proposed preferred
stock Issue seemed to make a favorable lm
[iri —Ion upon sentiment and was followed by
the rUe in the stock to 4tiS%- This wbb a sen
sible relief to the general market, where th<
effect of a decline In Southern Pacific had been
dreaded. Weekly estimates by rallrcad offi
cials of their traffic were little changed from
the recently prevailing tenor, but they showed
conditions no woree. Good earnings for the
Kecond week of June coming to hand make
better comparisons with last year's figures
tlitn for some time past. Missouri Pacific's
report for April, showing net earnings of less
than half those for April last year, did _ not
afff-ct the firmness of that stock. With x no
feare for the favorable progress of the crops
and with the extraordinary strength of the
backing position shown by Saturday's bank
statement there is opportunity to await the
progress of events, with opportunities for a
favorable outcome." Cash i-eservee. especially
gold holdings, are now well above any pre
vious record. The satisfaction over this show
ing has its reservations ae to Its index of idle
trade conditions and as to the responsibility
far high Interest rates on deposits paid by
the New York banks tn effecting the result,
but it insures freedom all pressure of.
securities en the market frcm the necessity
of realizing ready cash. None of the best
prices cf the day were maintained. The mar
ket became lifeless at the slight reaction and
closed stagnant.
Bonds were firm. Total sales, par value,
$2.fH.O.0O0.
United States 4s registered declined % per
cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Open. High. Low. Close
AtchiSi>n b.OUO 73% 72 72
Atcbison pfd WX> 85 94% 94%
Bait & Ohio 31.000 80% 8U* V>>*
Bait & Ohio pfd 90%
Ctr.a4i.in Pacific. 3,100 121 120% 11'<J%
Cent of New Jersey 1C0
Chesapeake & Ohio 400 31 31 31
Chicago & Alton.. 200 38 37% 37%
Chi & Alton pfd 7»%
•.Til & Gt Western. 1,«00 13% ia% 13%
Chi 4 N W 300 170 170 169%
Chi Mil & St Paul. 6.WJ0 143% 14^% 142%
Chi M i St P pfd 177
<Tii Term & Trans <SM
Ch« T & T pfd 14%
C C C & St Louis «R %
Co'o Southern 100 15«4 15Vi 15
Colo South 1 Ft pfd 48
Colo ricuth 2d pfd. 400 19% 19 19
Dels & Hudson 100 164% 154% ir.^u,
Dela Lack A W 269
Denv.r & Rio Gr. . 100 19% 19% 20
Den & Rio Gr pfd.. 600 70 e»Vi 70%
Erie 600 24 23% 23%
Erie 1st pfd 1,600 5S% 67% 57%
Erie 2d pfd 300 35% S5 34%
Hocking Valley 100 W>% B5% t5
Hockig Val pfd 50O &2»i 81% 61%
Illinois Central ... 000 130»J 130 129%
Iowa Central ICO 1S% 1S% 18
Iowa Central pfd.. 33
Kan City South 20
Kar. City South pfd 40%
Lou's & Narh 600 100% 109% 10n>,
Manhattan L . 3.000 148% 146% 147%
Metropcl Securities. 1.400 7«i4 75 75%
Metropol St Ry 18,300 111% 109% 110H
Minn & St Louis 40
M S P& S S M.... 200 62% 621$ «2%
M S PiS S M pfd 100 119 lift 118
Mftsouri Pac.flc... 3.900 U2% »2 92
Mo Kan & Tex 2U0 1C% ltf% 16
Mo Kin. & Tex pfd 600 "37 37 36%
Nat RR of Mex pfd 36
New York Central. 200 115% 115% 115%
'Norfolk & Western 65%
Norfolk & W pfd 82
Ontario &. Western 8.400 26% 25% 25*
Pennsylvania $.500 115% 115% 115%,
Pitts C C & St L 68
Reading 2,500 47% 46% 40%
Reading 1st pfd 81
Rending 2d pld 64
Rock Itland Co.... 900 21% 20% 20H
Rock Island Co pfd 100 M «*, 63%
S L A fi F 2d pM- . .*-. .-'I. 44%
StLBW 200 12 12 11%
St L 5 W pfd 300 28% 28^ 28
Southern Pacific .. C2.90O 4«% 45 46
Southern Railway.. SCO 21>J 21% 21
Southern Ry pfd... 200 84% 84% 84
Texas * Pacific... 400 21% 21% '21%
Tol St L & W .100 24% 2-'{ 24
Tol St L & W pfd. C00 83% 36% 37
Unlcn Pacific 12.500 87% 87% 87%
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 U2% 92% 91
Wabash «09 lG 1^ 1«% l<Hi
W«ba*h pfd 1,200 33% 35% 35%
Wheel fc Lake Erie 200 15 15 . 15
Wisconsin Central. 16%
Wi* Cent pfd 27
Mexican Central .... 200 7% 7% 7%
Express Companies-
Adams 225
American 181
I'nltM States .104
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
| Amal Copper 18,300 60% 60>4 50%
Am Car" t F pfdV. "200 hi" H" 71
Amer Cotton Oil • **Vi
Amer Cot Oil pfd. ...- .... .... 88
American Ice .... 100 6% 6% «%
American Ice pfd 26%
Amer Linseed Oil 7
Amer Lin Oil pfd 24
American Loco 19
American Loco pfd *2%
Amer Smelt & Ref. • 500 63% 63% 63%
Aroer S t R pfd 2,000 9S% 98Vi 88*
Amer Sugar Ref .. S<»0 12S% 126% 126%
Ana^nda MIn Co... 300 74% 74 73
Brooklyn Rap T... 17.100 4»% 48% 48%
Colo Fuel A Iron 29
Consolidated Gas .. 400 194 193% lO.u;
Corn Products 10%
C<»rn Products pfd .... 66
Distillers' Secur •-. .7. .... 21
C.rnrral Electric .. 100 151 151 150%
Inter Paper \ .... 11
Inter Paper pfd 66.
Inter Pump 28
Inter Pump pfd ..... 70
National Lead 600 21 20% 20%
North American .. 83
Pacific Mall 100 25 25 25
People's Gas #>0 £W% 0fl*4- ' 9B%
Pressed Steel Car.. 200 27 27 27
Pressed Bteel C pfd .... 70
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 212 212 211
Republic Steel .... 100 6% 6% 6U
Republic Steel pfd. 100 41% 41% '4114
Rubber Goods -. 15
Rubber Goods pfd 7u
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 600 85% 34% 34%
U 8 Leather ..:... 6%
U S Leather pfd.. 200 79% 79% 79%
U 8 Realty .... fl
U 8 Realtr pfd.... 900 ,60% 69 60%
U 8 Rubber 1 ie%
U 8 Rubber pfd .. 100 '06% 66 Cft%
U S Steel 1,700 9% - 9% . 9Vl
U S Steel pfd .... 23,700 65% 64% 51%
Westingbouse Elec. 100 156 156 155%
Western Union ... 100 86 / S6 S6'
Tot-1 sale- 241,200 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, June 20.— Bond transactions of
the United Railroads of San Francisco were
JlS.iH.iy at $78 87%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANT.
Common, bid 4, asked 4V4; preferred, bid
37%, asked 3SU
NEW" YORK BONDS. 1
U S ref 2s reg..lO4%|L, & N unified 4s. 101%
Do coupon 105*, Man con gold 4s.l04»i
Do 3s reg 105% Mex Cent 4s 83
Do coupon 106 Do 1st lnc 12%
Do new 4s reg.iaaVi Minn & St L 4s.. 96
Do. coupon 132% M. K 4 Tex 4s... 98%
Do old 4s reg. 106ft Do 2ds 78%
Do coupon 107*4 NR of Mex con 4s 74%
Atch gen 4s 102tf N Y C gen U%s..lOOH
Do adj 4s »2 N J C gen 6S....132H
Atlantic C L 4s. 95% Nor Pac 4s 104%
Bal & Ohio 4a. ..102% Do 3s 73%
Do 3Hs U6% Nor & W con 4s. 100
Central of Ga 6s.lO9 OSL 4s & panic. 90%
Do 1st lnc 74 Pa conv 3%s..%. 96»i
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO5% Heading gen 4s... 100%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 79% S L & I M con 5s.ll5%
C. B & Q new 4s. 9614 S L & S F fg 4». 82
CM iSl'm 4s.lO9 St Louis SW lsts. 04%
C feNW con 7s. 128% Seaboard A L 4a. 70
C. R I & Pac 4s. fiO So .Pac 4s 93
Do col 5s SO So Railway 6s 117>;
C.C.C & SL gn 4s 99% Tex & Pac lsts.. 118
Chi Term. 4s 75V4 T. St L & W 4s. 71
Cons Tobftoco 4s. 61% Union Pacific 4s.. 105%
Colo & So 4s 83% Do conv 4s 99
O»- Fuel & Iron. 69 US Steel 2d 6s.. 74%
•Den & Rio G 4s.lC0% Wabash lsts 117
Erie prior Men 4s. 93% Do deb B 68%
Do gen 4s 86% W & L Erie 4s... 89%
F W & D C lfits.104 Wis Cent' 4S 01%
Hock Val 4%s...lO9%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20|()ntarlo 3 79
Alice 251 Ophlr 3 55
Breece lOIPhoenlx It
Com Tunnel .... 09|Potosl C9
Coa Cal & Va... t 20| .Savage 16
Horn Silver 1 3o| Sierra Nev 83
Iron Silver 1 75| Small Hopes .... in
Leadvllle Con ... 02 1 Standard 2 00
Little Chief Of.j
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — ' lUSSt^el 8%
Call loan 293% Do pfd 54%
Time loana 3@3}i I Westing Common. 76
Bonds — I Mining —
Atchlson 4s 101 Adventure 1
Do ad] 4s 91% Allouez 6
Mex Cent 4s 60 Amal Copper .... 60U
Railroads — Amer Zinc 9%
Atchlson 72 Atlantic 7%
Do pfd 94% Ulngham 21%
Boston & Albany. 240 Calumet & Hecla.4. r i5
Boston * Maine.. 163 Centennial 20 *
. Boston Elev 150 | Copper Range ... 42
Fltchbunr pfd 135 I Daly West 23%
Mex Central ...... 7U|Dom Coah 60
N Y. N H & H..1R6 Franklin 7
Pere Marquette... 77 Orancy 3U
Union Pacific 87 «4 Isle Royale 7%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 3%
1 Amer Arge Chem. 13% Michigan 3%
Do pfd 73 Mohawk 41%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4U Mont Coal & Coke 4
Amer Sugar 12614! Old Dominion ... 13%
Do pfd 12« lOsceola .., fll%
Amer Tel A T«"1.12<?t4t Tarrot 25
Amer Woolen N. .lOUJQutncy S5%
Do pfd 75 5 i i Shannon ...- 3%
Dom Iron & S... 7%|Tamarack ...• 9rt
Ed Elect Ilium. ..235 iTrmity 3%
Gen Electric 150|U S Mining.... 2h%
Mass Electric 17%!U S Oil 1
Do pfd 70 Utah , 3SU
Mass Gas 39% Victoria ,../. 2%
United Fruit 105% Winona 5%
Un Shoe Mach... 49 | Wolverine 72
Do pfd ...: 29%! .
London Closing Stocks.
!¦•...
Cons money ...PO 5-lfi| Nor & Western. . . 57
Do account ... W%\ Do pfd sr»
Anaconda 3%jnnt & Western... 26%
Atchlson 74 I Pennsylvania TSl'i
Do pfd «7H|Rand Mines 10%
Bal & Ohio S2% I Reading 24 U>
Can Pacific 12.1%! Do li>t pfd 41%
Chi Great West.. 14 I Do 2d pfd Xt
Chi. Mil & St P.14f»%ISo Railway 21%
De Beers m^l Do pfd . . v>»_^_S7
Den & Rio O 20%|Ro Pacific *G«*
Do pfd 71% I Union Pacific .... M'i
Erie 24V Do pM 0t%
Do 1st pfd..... 60 III S-St<M>l 9H
Do 2(1 rH Mt4l Do pfd B'5%
III Central 131%! Wabash 17
Loulu A Nash. ...112%! Do pfd .1«
M K A Texas 17H< Spanish 4s 8«%
N Y Central. 119 |
Bar silver — Steady. 25 0-16d per ounce.
Money — %®% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
ph.-rt t>!!!s is 2% per cent and for three months'
bills 2@2 1-1C p*r cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re-
Fcrve In the division of redemption, shows
available cash balance. $1G4,15O,SS7; gold, $U4,
oe5.'J34. ' j
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, June 20.— Cotton futures
opened steady; July, lie; August. lO.C&c; Sep
tember, 9.N3c; October, !l.tl4c: November,
9.57c; December, 9.60c; January, 9.61c.
Spot cotton closed quiet, 45 points lower.
Middling, uplands, 11.25c; do, gulf, 11.50c.
Sales, 100 ha!es.
Cotton futures closed steady. June, 10.50c;
July. 10.00c: August, 10.36c; September,
9.86c; October, 9.47c; November. 9.3SC; De
cember. 9.44c; January, 0.46c.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. June 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16.500 barrels; exports. 700 barrels. Dull and
lower. Winter straights. $4 75fl4 90; Minnesota
patents, $4 90^5 25; winter extras, J.t r.r.f?.! HO;
Minnesota bakers', $3 65{r3 95; winter low
grades. §3 1563 70.
WHEAT — Receipts, 44,800 bushels; exports.
39,000 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, nomi
nal elevator, $1 U7% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, $1 01% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options
were slow all day, but generally firm, lefl by
July which was oversold. Bullish weekly sta
tistics and cable news prompted most of the
buying. The elceo was %c net higher. July,
SD«7S9Hc. closed S9%c; September, 83%fi«4-«fce.
closed 64iic; December, Js>? 4 @S4%c, closed
84 %c.
WOOL— Steady.
HOPS— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
COFFEE — Steady. Spot Rio, steady; No. 7
Invoice, 7%c; mild, steady; •Cordova, 9%ffil2e.
The market for coffee futures close*! firm, -net
unchanged. Sales were reported of 63,500 bags,
including: July, 6.90c; August, 6.05c; Septem
ber. fi.li'ftfl^Oc: October, 6,20c; January, 6.65c;
March. O.7O0«.8Oc; May. 6.00ff0.95c. '
SUGAfl — Raw, steady; fair refining, S%a;
centrifugal. 06 test, 3 27-32c; molasses sugar,
3M.c: refined, steady.
BUTTER — Firm. Creamery, common to ex
tra, 13@18c; State dairy, common to extra, 13
@17c.
EGGS — Irregular. Western extra selected,
17%eiSc: firsts. 10%$ 17c.
CHEESE — Strong. State, small white and
colored, 7%@8%c; large, white and colored, 7Vi
08 %c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market la
quiet, with the demand of a Jobbing character
with the exception of prime. Old crop supplies
are being gradually cleaned up and prices rule
firm. r'ommon, 4$Ti»/ 4 c; prime, 5%S5%c;
choice. O(BU%c; fancy. 7c. \
PRUNES — Show little change, either in price
or the general conditions recently noted. Quo
tations range from 2%c to 6%c. according to
grade.
APRICOTS — Are In light supply and firm.
Choice are quoted at 9%@10c; extra choice,
10K«10Hc: fancy, 11613c.
PEACHES — Are easyTind firm In the absence
of' selling pressure. Choice, 7@7}ic; «xtr*
choice, 7% C«c; fancy, 0©10c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 20.— Tin was weak In'
the London market, closing at £116 Is 6d for
spot and £110 6s tor futures. The local mar
ket. Influenced by the decline abroad and by
the continued light demand, war also weak,
closing at $25 37%«i'J5 87% for spot.
Copper was firm In London closing at £58
tfs 2d for spot and futures. Locally the mar
ket was steady and unchanged. Lake la
quoted at $12 62%«?12 76; electrolytic at
$12 50@12 62%; casting at $12 12%*$12 23. -
Lead was unchanged at £11 tia 3d In Lon
don and $4 2&@4 30 in the local market.
Spelter was steady but quiet in - the. local
market at $4 75(K4 77% and London also was
unchanged at £21 15». .
Iron cloned at 61s 3d In Glasgow and 42s 4%d
In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was quiet: No. 1
foundry, northern. Is $14 50®15; No. 2 foun
dry, northern. $13 75®14 25; No. 1 foundry,
southern, and No. 1 foundry, southern, soft,
$13 25S13 75. Plgiron warrants are weak
at $9.
CHICAGO, June 20. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
03©9tJc; No. 3, S5©U3c; No. 2 red, U*c<g$l W*.
No. 2 corn, 4Sc; No. 2 yellow, 48% ©50c; No. 2
oats, 40c; No. 3' white, 39ig*4c; No. 2 rye,
05c- good feeding barley, 33<g40c; fair to choice
malting 47©54c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 01; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 07; mess pork, per bbl, $12 90
@12 05- lard, per 100 lbs, $6 87%@fl 05; short
ribs sides (loose), $7 2o@7 50; short clear Bide3
(boxed), 9~&1 25; whisky, basis of high wines,
y. 28; clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Articles — Kecelats. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 17,300- 15.900
Wheat bu ....:.; 2S,0<>0 72,200
Corn 'bu 407,000 572.S0O
Oate' "bu 181,800 97,900
nye.'bu .: 13,000 5 700
Barley, bu ?• 22,000 2,000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 24c: Elaine. 26c:
Eocene 23c: Deodorized Stove Gasollcs. la
bulk. 16c; In cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; In cases. 19%c: 86-degrea Gasoline. In
bulk 25c: tn case* 31c. •
TURPENTINE— Sic. per gallon In cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7V»<»
7%c per lb: Whit* Lead. 7V«87%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, In 1'iO-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Frne Crushed. 3.85c;
Ppwdered. 6.80c; Candy Granulated. 5.80c: Dry
Granulated, fine S.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.70c- Fruit Granulated. 5.70c: Ue«t Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 8.60c: Confectioners'
A. 5.70c; Magnolia A. 6.30c; Extra C. 5.20c:
Golden C 5.10c: "D." 6c: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. SOc more; SO- Il>
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels. 6.20c; boxes. «.45c; H. A K. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy- five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. JUNE 20.
Flour, qr sks .. 7.1R0! Shorts, sks ..... 100
Barley ctls .... 10, »<w: Tallow, ctls ... 5»
Oats ctls P44t Hides. No 1M
Corn', ctls 442! Leather, rolls .. 1M
Potatoes sks .. 6,419 ; Paper, reams ... «35
Onions, sks ... 506! Pelts. No 67>
Hay. tons MSILIme. bbls 45S
Straw, tons ... lSIWlne. gals 42,«o0
Wool bales ... 571
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks .. B.C32iBran. sks 10.35)4
Wheat, ctls .... 26.000! 3horts. sks .... 3.750
Oats, ctls 2.192'
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks .. 2951
EASTERN.
Oats. Ctls 1.200!
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Ncrv York Railroad Stocks firmer and Industrials weaker.
San Francisco Stock market generally dull.
International Exchange lower. Local Exchange as before.
Shipping grades of Wheat lower. Barley steady.
Corn declining under free receipts of Western.
Oats and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay easy under larger receipts of nezv and old.
Large line of Bran in from Washington.
No variation in Beans and Seeds.
Heaviest receipts of Butter ever known in this market.
Arrivals of Cluresc from Oregon increasing.
Eggs in liberal supply and rather easier.
PrcrAsions still unsettled and waiting on Chicago.
Veal Mutton end Lamb higher. Beef and Pork unchanged.
Potatoes selling well, though in liberal receipt.
White Onions lower. Another car of Mississippi Tomatoes in.
Hens in large supply and weak, but no lozver.
Cherries in demand and higher. Citrus Fruits quiet.
Coast Lumber market depressed.
AVrtf Dried Peaches in brisk demand and higher.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
quotations on DeotAnber were a shade higher
to %c lower at 79%®79^4c to 79%c. July was
'*@Uc higher to HCPttc lower at,86%cto
87V4c Sentiment soon became quite, strong.
Weather In the Southwest iwas unfavorable to
harvesting. Liverpool cables were higher and
the amount on passage showed a decrease of
2,632,000 bushels. Reports from Roumania In
dicate an exceedingly email crop of wheat In
Roumania. advices stating that two-thirds of
the crop had been ruined by prolonged drouth.
Late In the day fresh strength was derived
from advices from the Northwest, claiming, se
rious damage will result If the wet weather
continues. The market closed at the highest
point of the session. After selling up to 80Hc
September closed at 79JstJS0c. July was up
%c at siftc.
The ttrength of wheat prices held corn firm
In spite of unfavorable news. The close showed
July unchanged at 47%c. September closed %c
higher at 46%c, after selling up to 4S%@48*ic.
Prospects of a flood of new oats In July early
nearly Milled speculation, in that cereal. July
closed ',4c higher at 3S&C and with September
up Kc higher at 32c. j
Provisions made a sharp upturn on the firm
situation In the hog market. Shipments of
hogs which have been expected for some time
have failed to materialize. Packers and long
holders were liberal buyers. Final figures
showed a gain of 37 Vic in September pork; lard
was up 17 fee and ribs were 20c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
July, old 85^6 88 85 B6%
July new 84% 84% 83% 84%
September, old. 81'i 81% 81 Sift
September • new. 70% 80& 79tf 70%
¦ Corn. No. 2 —
July 47% 4S 47% 47%
September ..... 49',4 48% 48% 4S%
Oats. No. 2—
June 41 41 41 41
July 38% 38% 37% 3H%
September 31% 32 31% 32
December 32 Vs 32% 32 32%
Mess pork, per bbl —
July 12 75 • 12 05 12 75 12 95
September 13 00 13 22ft 13 00 13 22'^
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July .! 6 92*4 7 00 6 92tf 7 00
September ..... 7 05 715 705 715
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
July ......A... 7 37% 7 47% 7 37% 7 47%
September 7 55 7 65 7 55 7 65
for lower grades; Young Americas, 9f£©Hc;
Eastern, l'JVj&'Uc; Western. ll@12c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, -20<§22 ft c for fair to choice;
store. lti'Sr.'e; Eastern. 1'jQ'JOc for firsts and
leVi'glSc for seconds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, : TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1904."
Continued on Page Fourteen.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. June 20. — A feeling of uncertainty
pervaded the wheat pit at the start. Opening
KEW TOBK, June 20.— Prime mercantile
Nezv York Money Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
LOCAL MARKETS.
Miscellaneous Markets. '
AUCTION SALES
fe fe _3s
Auction Sale
Of 40 HEAD HIOH-CTLASS STA-TOA—D
USED COX.TS AZTZ) _»XX__S.
Sired by Welcome. 2:10*£; Wm. Harold.
S~t3tt; Hambletonian WUkes, 1679. and Mon-
terey, 2:0OH.
moan the meex estate.
Hay war! s, Cal.. and Other Owners.
At same time will sell carload of GENTLH
WORK HORSES, from 120O to 1800, ready to
go to work.
. .- ; v TO BE. SOLD ".'
TCESDAT EV-JUG, June 23. 1904.
At 7:45 p. m.. at Salesyard. 1732 MARKET St.,
Corner Van Ness ave.
Horses at yard Saturday. June 25. 1904,
Send for catalogue.
FRED 11. CHASE &. CO.,
Successors to Kelly A Co..
Live Stock Auctioneers.
rv Don't forget the big sale of a lot of
A-*9 good hones and mares, corner grocery
ami peddling wagons, surreys. 3-searers. bug-
rles and carts. 15 sets of single and doubi*
harness at 11 a. m.. 1140 FOLSOM ST.. Tues-
day, June 21. WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auction-
eer, -v
AUCTION sale v at ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. June
22. a't 11 a. m. I will sell a lot of good
horses and harness. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auc-
tioneer*
• A T>— F.RTIS—-CE2JT-C
B CHOICE lots for sals in ta« Mo- B
fl Qee Tract. Berkeley, near -Cay W
1 Route and S. P. trains. Also Bl
1 treasury stock In flr-rt-cUi- fao- H
M tory enterprise, manared by rell- H
I able, careful bus—ess men. ii
\\ PACZTIC COAST TRUST CO., I
3 Investment Bankers, 708 MJUT-Urt I
g 8-, Booms 6Q4-S. _^ ¦Through the agency of Thomas Ma
gee & Sons the' property at 24 4 Sutter
street,, on the.north side of the street,
57:6 feet east of Grant avenue, has
been sold for Louis Friedlander for
$65,000 to a client The property was
bought by Friedlander .only a month
earlier for $60,000. , '^U'T^V-
I Thomas Magee & Sons report that
the price paid by the Bohemian Club
for the northeast corner of Post and
Taylor streets is $125,000. The firm
mentioned. acted as the brokers in the
transaction. The property was bought
from Marion Leventritt in the name
of James D. Phelan, who acted for the
Bohemian Club.
Price at Which' Property at Post and
Taylor Streets Was Turned Over
Is Made Public.
Superior Judge Sloss yesterday heard
the arguments upon the demurrer o£
the Citizens* Alliance to the complaint
of Will J. French, president of San
Francisco Typographical Union No. 21,
whereby, the latter seeks to enjoin the
Alliance from using an alleged in
fringement upon the label of the Allied
Printing Trades. After the argument it
was agreed that the court should take
not only the demurrer, but- the whole
case, under submission and therefore
the decision of Judge Sloss will doubt
less affect the mooted question of the
right of a labor union to own a trade
mark.
the case for the Alliance was argued
by Attorney Bush Finnell. John H.
Marble appeared for the printers.
Judgfe Sloss Hears Attorneys for Both
Sides In Suit for Alleged
\ Infringement.
BOHEMIANS PAY $125,000'
FOR SITE OF BUILDING
PRINTERS' IjABELi CASE
TAKEN UNDER ADVISEMENT
on June 16.
j Robert J. Aspden, a brother of the
deceased, testified that he had been in
j formed by Miss Joan M. Hadenfeldt
that she was afraid something had
happened to his brother, as she had
received a letter from him which indi
cated an intention to take his life.' The
witness at once visited the room he
and his brother occupied and found
the note left for him before George
departed to carry out his plan of self
destruction. He at once notified the
Police Department and later the body
was found. The only reason he could
assign for the act was that his brother
had been working very hard and had
been ill. He believed his brother had
become tired of life and simply gave
up.
Miss Joan M. Hadenfeldt had been
subpenaed, but Dr. J. C. Stinson of
533 Sutter street furnished a cer
tificate saying that she was suffering
from nervous prostration and could
not appear.
Miss Hadenfeldt sent the following
communication, which ¦was read to
the jury: y-« v v
To Dr. Leland: Thin Is to certify that I
have Known George Hougrhton Aspden for four
yeark. For the lsst two years we have been
associated in business. Mr. Aspden has always
been 111 more or less since my acquaintance
with him. We were engaged to be married,
but I asked to postpone our . marriage, owing
to my own health not being; as it should and
knowing him to be far from well. I. of course,
did not dream such a fatal ending would come.
. ;.- . JOAN META HADENFELDT.
Simply Returns Verdict of Self-De
stnictlon Without Assigning Any
Reason I or the Deed.
A verdict of suicide, without aaslgn
ingr any cause, was rendered by the
Coroner's Jury In the case of George
H. Aspden, the young newspaper man
who shot himself In Golden Gate Park
JIJRY FIXDS XO CAUSE
FOR ASPDEN'S SUICIDE
Superior Judge Kerrigan yesterday^
authorized the Century Club to bor-'
row $50,000 and issue twenty-year
bonds for the loan. In its petition for
the authority this leading women's
organization stated that the money
was wanted for the purpose of erect-
Ing a handsome new clubhouse.
Century Club May Borrow.
Murine Eye Remedy cures Sore Eyes.
Makes weak Eyes strong. Murine doesn't
smart, it soothes. >•.•
The State Fish Commission has
scored a notable victory in a decision
rendered by the Supreme Court yes
terday in the case of I Thomas J.
Miles and A. S. Dinwiddie. who were
arrested in Sutter County last year for
using set nets in Sacramento Slouch. 4
The defendants maintained that they
were within their riprhts in using the
net in Sacramento Slough because it
had no tide. The court declares that
the slough is State water, even if it
has no tide. Miles and Dinwiddie
have made an unusually hard fl^ht to
defeat the commission. This makes
the fifth successive victory the State
board has won in th% Supreme Court.
Fish Commission Wins Victory.
Reliable gas ranges $16 50. regular
price $20. this week nniv at S. F. Gas
& Electric Co.. 415 Post nt. •
Olive L. Smith yesterday filed in the
Superior Court a contest of the will of
her husband. Edwin T. Smith, who
left all of his estate, valued at about
$2000, to his daughter. Alide Edith
Smith. The widow alleges that the
will, dated November 24. 1903, was
not the last will of the deceased and
that he was of unsound mind when
he made it. She declares that he was
under the duress and Influence of h>s
daughter, who made false representa
tions regarding the wife.
Contests Husband's Will.
Your wedding invitations should be made by
Edward S. Knowles. 24 Second street. •
Ask the Public to Help Then Enforce
the Six O'clock Weekday
Closing: Law.
The retail dry goods clerks of San
i Francisco have^ issued the following
j appeal to the toiling public: -
The retail clerks of this city appeal to you
I (or your co-oprratlon and assistance in m:iln
j tattling the tt o'clock closing hour, and for
j which they have bo earnestly contended for
! many years.
Their efforts have met with marked success
and the closing hour of 6 o'clock has not re
sulted in any loss of trade to the merchant,
owing to the uniformity with which it has
been observed up to the close of the past
year. 1903.
Tour attention is called to the fact that at
present there are a few stores (men's fumlsh
! lnr) situated on the main thoroughfares — Mar
ket and Kearny streets — who keep their 6tores
open until a late hour at night, and some of
them are open Sunday*, thus violating the laws
of both God aad man.
These stores named have expressed a deter
mination to destroy the just and humane sched
ule of working hours now in force, agreed to
and observed by all the leading stores and the
Retail Clerks' Association, namely, to close at
6 o'clock five days of the week, lo o'clock Sat
urday evening, with Sunday a day of rest.
We acknowledge the risht of any man to
conduct His business as he pleases. But we
i deny the right of any man to grind out the vi-
I tality of his fellow by demanding of him the
only few hours he has to devote to home and
social duties, because he is compelled to de
pend upon his meager wages for a livelihood.
I.*ar reader, is «ny member of your family or
social circle compelled to work as a. retail
t-lfrk? If there is. you know what it means to
| look at his vacant chair In the evening hours.
The plea made by these storekeepers for vio
j lating the closing hour Is that the public de
¦ mands it: we say that this plea Is false. The
actuating motive Is that grasping desire to se
cure something at another's expense.
To prove the falsity of this plea, we make
this appeal to all justice loving people, espe
cially those who are compelled to toll for a liv
ing.
we ask. you to apply our remedy; It is easy;
it needs no argument, no abuse, no coercion;
, It is dignity personified:
Keep away from all store* after 6 p. m.
except Saturdays and the stores will elos«
themselves. »
RETAIL CLERKS MAKE APPEAL
TO THE TOILING CITIZENS
Attorney William Tomsky yesterday
secured from Judge Troutt an injunc
tion for H. Golmeyer against F. T.
Houghton and B. A. Condray. restrain
ing them from proceeding further with
a judgment for $16 and costs of $38 in
a case in Marlposa County wherein
Condray. as Justice of the Peace, is
alleged to have found Golmeyer guilty
of "stealing" a half interest In a cow
and a windlass. It is said that Con
dray gave judgment without the
plaintiff having been served with a
summons in the peculiar case.
Injunction Obtained Against Country
Justice Who Gave Judgment
Without Summons.
HALF INTEREST IN A COW
AND WINDLASS SUED FOR
The woman complains that Hutton
is guilty of violating his official duty
in that, acting under pretense of of
ficial authority, he violated her per
sonal liberty by arresting and impris
oning her without authority of law,
with no warrant, writ or process or
for any crime committed or attempt
ed,, nor for any felony, nor upon the
order of any court. She further al
leges that In these acts he has per
verted and abused the authority r* his
office to "the great oppression of the
plaintiff."
After her arrest for vagrancy, she
says, the charge was dismissed in the
Police Court on the ground that no
complaint had been filed.
The act of officers George F. Barry
and C. E. Fennell in arresting Mary
Duran without a warrant, for vag
rancy, on June 1 is the basis of pro
ceedings commenced yesterday in the
Superior Court by the woman. She
would have Police Commissioner H.
W. Hutton removed from office.
George D. Collins is her attorney. In
view of the complaint acting presiding
Judge Graham has cited the Police
Commissioner to appear for hearing
in Judge Carroll Cook's department at
10 a. m. June 30.
Mary Duran Asks Court to Wreak
Vengeance for Her Arrest With
out Warrant.
WOMAN WANTS HUTTON*
REMOVED FROM OFFICE
Establishing rules and regulations
for plumbing and drainage in buildings.
Authorizing the payment of $2500 to
Earl <*ummings for a bronze figure
fountain head in Golden Gate Park.
Property owners on Telegraph Hill
filed a communication calling attention
to the alleged depredations of the
Gray Bros". Crushed Rock Company,
continued in violation of specific prom
ises made by Gray Bros. It Is alleged
that the company is excavating Tele
praph Hill on the west side of Sansome
street, near Green, and is removing
rock from private property to which it
has no title. The work is said to jeop
ardize the lives and property of adja
cent residents.
Granting permission to the Standard
Oil Company to carry petroleum
through the pipe line on Sixteenth
etreet.
The Mayor was authorized to enter
Into a contract with J. Oliva for the
cultivation of the fanning land sur
rounding Jails 2 and 3, provided Oliva
will supply the County Jails with vege
tables to an amount not to exceed 70.-
C00 pounds.
The following bills were finally
passed: '
Providing for the full acceptance of
Dorland street, between Church and
Eanchez.
The ordinance granting permission to
the National Laundry to operate an
engine and boiler in premises at SS54
Eighteenth street for use of the laun
dry was finally passed.
An expenditure of $625 was authorized
in payment to Theodore Kytka. for pro
fessional services in the trial of Cor
delia Botkin.
Street and sewer work were ordered
on Anderson street from Eugenia ave
nue to Courtland avenue; on Seventh
street from South to Sixteenth, and on
Seventh street from Hubbell to South.
The roadways of Ninth avenue from
H to I streets; Hartford street, be
tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth, and
Potrero avenue, between Marlposa and
Twentieth streets, were accepted.
Grades were ordered changed on
Piedmont. Greenwich, Green and Fill-
Eoore streets.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution authorizing the
payment of a demand for $20,000 to the
administrator of the estate of John
Wallace (deceased) for the purchase of
Bouth Park. The title to the land is
now vested entirely in the city as the
result of a recent Superior Court de
cision. —
Attorney Ach raised the point that a
director In a corporation does not nec
essarily know the actions of the cor?
poration and objected to the line of
questions. Attorney Campbell, special
prosecutor, replied that he would show
that Jacob Eppinger knew of the exact
condition of affairs and he would trace
the worthless receipts on which the
loans were negotiated direct to the
hands of the defendant. Judpe jLawlor
then permitted the examination to con
tinue and Watson W. Topping, book
keeper in the local office of the defend
ant, was called to the stand. He said
his duties were to keep the grain
ledger and that he also received re
ports from the warehouse, which were
placed on Jacob Eppinger's desk. These
were, returned to him to make/copies
of, frequently'" by Jacob Eppinger in
person.
"Who had custody of the -warehouse
receipts?" was asked.
"Jacob Eppinger."
"When wheat was delivered out of
the Crockett warehouse to whom were
the receipts handed?"
"To Jacob Eppinger."
The witness testified that he canceled
the receipts and they were brought to
him sometimes by Jacob Eppinger,
sometimes by Herman and at others
by Bernard Ettlinger.
The case will be continued to-day.
TRACING RECEIPTS.
Having shown tnp shipment of the
books before the failure, the prosecu
tion interrogated the witness regarding
the methods of conducting the ware
house business and what facilities Ja
cob Eppinger might have for informing
himself as to the conditions in the
warehouse. The witness replied that
both daily and monthly reports were
sent to the office of the Pacific Coast
Warehouse Company, which, as had
already been shown, was identical
with that of Eppinger & Co. These re
ports showed what grain was brought
into the warehouse daily,, how it was
marked and what lots were shipped
out. . Copies of these reports were, made
in a letter press book, but the witness
could not say whether or no these let
ter press books had simply melted
away or were included in the assort
ment of valuable records carefully
wrapped in gunny sacks. His memory
on vital points seemed to be hopelessly
poor.
Edwin Freund, formerly bookkeeper
for the Pacific Coast Warehouse Com
pany, testified that he had been in the
employ jof the Eppingers for about sev
enteen years prior to the failure of the
firm on June 6, 1903.
"Do you know where the warehouse
books are?" was asked.
"No," he replied. • •
" "When did you last see them?"
"In my office a day or so before the
failure."
"What became, of them?"
'"I don't know. At the request of
James Deming, superintendent of the
warehouse, I helped wrap them up for
shipment."
The witness thought this was done
between the hours of 9 and 10 on the
night preceding the failure of^Epplnger
& «.*o. The books \v' re then carried
on board the steamer San Joaquin. but
the witness did not know what marks,
if any, were placed on the packages.
REGULAR REPORTS MADE.
The prosecution, In the case of Jacob
Eppinger, charged with obtaining mon
ey on worthless warehouse receipts,
got down to business yesterday after
noon after days of squabbling ovpr
legal technicalities and elicited from
the lips of apparently unwilling wit
nesses information damaging to " the
defense. The most important testi
mony was given by Edwin Freund,
the former bookkeeper for the
Pacific Coast Warehouse at Crock
'ett and in the local office. Through
this testimony the prosecution seeks
to connect Jacob Eppinger with
the alleged fraudulent acts. It
tends to prove that statements show
ing the lot numbers of grain in the
Crockett warehouse were forwarded
daily to the office in this city and were
available to Jacob Eppinger, many of
them being placed directly in his
hands.
The defendant is apparently daily
growing weaker under the ordeal of the
trial. At the noon recess it was feared
that he was about to collapse and dur
ing the greater portion of the after
noon session he lay back in his chair
with eyes closed and his head resting
on the ample shoulders of his son,
Josua, apparently oblivious of all that
was' going on. From time to time when
telling points were made, however, his
eyes would partially open and other
signs of animation be shown.
Theodore D. Moines, Isidore Davis
and James Crampton corroborated the
statements made by former witnesses
regarding the quantity of wheat in the
warehouse.
PACKED UP THE BOOKS.
For a greater part of the day
he sat about the hotel looking the
picture of dlsconsolation, and toward
4 o'clock was cogitating over the best
means of replenishing himself with
funds from the" old country, when a
special delivery letter bearing the vic
tim's name and temporary address was
handed to the clerk at the hotel office.
Opening the big envelope. Von der
Becke was surprised to find that It
contained his wallet and all its papers,
excepting the $200 In currency. Sev
eral robberies of a similar character
have occurred In the hotels of this city
during the last few months and in a
number of cases, where the purses and
wallets -stolen contained papers valu
able only to their owners, the latter
have received them back by the next
mail.
The German visitor immediately re
ported his loss to the hotel manage
ment and another search of his
apartments was made, with the
same discouraging results. It was
about this time that Von der Becke re
called the Incident at the entrance of
the hotel elevato-r and readily had his
suspicions confirmed by the Occidental
attendants, who explained to their
guest many of the interesting methods
of the American crook. Von der Becke's
wallet contained $200 in American cur
rency and $500 In New York drafts in
addition to a number of other valuable
papers.
Carl von der Becke. who arrived here
Saturday from Central America on the
German steamer Luxor, had an experi
ence at the Occidental Hotel yesterday
that cost him $200. but he has philo
sophically figured out that his loss
netted him considerable knowledge of
the ways of a great city.
« Von der Beck is a guest at the
Occidental Hotel and was leaving
the elevator of that establishment
early yesterday morning on his way to
visit a friend, when he was suddenly
jostled by a stranger. The latter
promptly offered an apology for his
apparent rudeness and Von der Becke,
continuing his journey, soon forgot the
Incident. He paused at Sutter street
to await a car and while standing on
the corner it occurred to him that his
coat did not hang to him in it3 cus
tomary snug manner. ,A second later it
dawned upon him that a large wallet,
which was supposed to be on the inside
pocket of his coat, was missing and
suspecting that he had left it in his
room he hurried back to the hotel,
where a diligent search failed to re
veal it.
Mrs. George A. Lynch yesterday ob
tained from Judge Graham an injunc
tion to prevent her husband from
drawing his money from bank pending
the hearing of her application for per
manent alimony of $100 a month. Lynch
Is ordered to ehow cause on June 24
why the Injunction should not be made
permanent. Mrs. Lynch alleges that he
drove her from their home and that
she is without means, while he is said
to be worth $10,000, In addition to earn
ing wages sufficient to support them
both.
Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Grace L. Foster aeainst Wil
liam S. Foster, cruelty and neglect;
Maybelle Arnheim against Morris Arn
heim, cruelty; Florence E. Shannon
against James E. Shannon, neglect; G.
P. White against L. N. White, deser
tion; susle Galvin against J. J. Galvin,
desertion and habitual intemperance.
Judge Kerrigan yesterday ordered
John B. Fowler to appear in court to
day to show cause why his wife, Katie
Letitia Fowler, should not have cus
tody of their minor child, Ruth. Mrs.
Fowler has Instituted suit for divorce
and in her petition to get the little
girl she says that Fowler is an unfit
person to care for her and "is rapidly
approaching the scriptural alloted
years of life," being 66 years of age.
He is an ovster peddler and without
money, while she is only 23 years old
and able and willing to earn a liveli
hood for the child.
Ada R. Duncan, who recently sued
her husband. Benjamin B. Duncan, for
divorce on sensational charges of
cruelty, and who has figured since in
the civil and police courts by reason
of Duncan's leaving with his money
and his brother attempting to eject Mrs.
Duncan from their home, yesterday
filed notice in the Superior Court that
6he would move for an allowance of
$150 a month alimony, $500 attorney's
fees and $100 costs pending the hear
ing of her case. /
OTHER SUITS FILED.
In the half-dozen complaints for di
vorce filed vesterday that of Edith P.
Bolam aeainst Thomas P. Bolam pos
sessed the most interest in that she
alleges that his cruel treatment of her
commenced two weeks after their mar
riage at San Jose on March 15, 1902.
His abuse of her, she says, continued
and since Sunday. June 12, he has
"every day beaten, bruised and battered
her on the side of the face, nose and
body," which fact she considers a suf
ficient cause for a legal severance of
their bonds. She says he is earning
$85 a month from the Southern Pa
cific Company and asks the court to
enjoin the railroad from paying him
his wages until he agrees to give her
$40 a month alimony and $100 for at
torney's fees.
SIRS. FOWLER WANTS BABY.
Property Owners Declare
Gray Brothers Are Exca
vating on Telegraph Hill
Prosecution Seeks to Prove
That EppingerKnewThere
Was a Shortage of Wheat
Father Sixty-Six Years Old
and 3Iother Twenty-TJiree.
Other Divorce Troubles
Carl von der Becke's Visit
to the City Is Attended
With a Costly Experience
Contracts were awarded to several
firms for supplies to the Jail. Police
Department and Department of Elec
tricity and for printing and books for
city officers.
The petition of the wholesale sheep
butchers that Edward J. Taaffe be
appointed Sheep Inspector was referred
to the Hospital Committee.
The Bav City Club was granted an
amateur boxing permit for June 28.
The petitions of the Twenty-ninth
street Methodist Episcopal Church and
the Lebanon Presbyterian Church for
the refund of taxes paid on church
property were referred to the Assess
ment Committee.
The request of the Fire Commission
for authority to exchange machine
steel and Norway iron for material of
more useful sizes was denied.
The board accepted an invitation to
take part in the Fourth of July parade.
The petition of the French colony
that the City Hall dome be illuminated
on the night of July 14 in commemora
tion of the Fall of the Bastile was re
ferred to the Light Committee.
Action was postponed on the request
of the Board of Works for authority
to construct water works at the new
Pest house.
The petition of Darby Martin for the
refund of $100 deposited on the sale
of old material by the Board of
Works was denied.
Willis E. Gallatin Jr. of 725 Bush
street filed a claim for the reward of
$100 for arresting Joseph Gagen for
turning in a false alarm of fire from
Signal Station No. 49. The petition
was referred to the Finance Com
mittee.
The Mayor's message vetoing specific
appropriations in the municipal budget
was read by tkle at yesterday's meet-
Ing of the Board of Supervisors. Super
visor d'Ancona, who presided In the
absence of the Mayor, said a copy of
the message was on each Supervisor's
desk and it would not be necessary to
read the entire document. The mes
sage was ordered printed once in the
official paper and the board will meet
next Friday morning at 10 o'clock to
take action on the vetoes. The tax
rate will be formally adopted next
Monday.
?
Petition of Fire Commission
for Authority to Dis
pose of Metal Denied
TRACING THE RECEIPTS
MOTHER CLAIMS BABY
Albert Rosa, who keeps a vegetable
store at 626 Front street, was fighting
with his son Louis last Sunday after
noon at Twenty-eighth and Church
streets when a policeman arrested
them for disturbing the peace and
placed an additional charge of carry
ing a pistol against the elder defend
ant. Young Rosa told Judge . Mogan
that the cause of the quarrel was his
refusal to comply with his father's de
mand that he ; associate with v Italians
only, the pater having > a most unrea
sonable antipathy to American institu
tions and folk. As the young * fellow
was reared | and educated ? in this r city
he considers /himself a pretty good
American and old enough to select his
"Kid" Nash, convicted on two
charges of peace disturbance and one
of vagrancy, was given twelve months
In the County Jail by Judge Mogan.
Mr. Nash was arrested under suspici
ous circumstances in a Turk-street
apartment house, and pleaded that he
went there to visit a woman, but, like
a famous royal personage who once
was placed in a somewhat similar
predicament, resolutely declined to di
vulge the lady's name.
John Duzke and William Jarrett were
held to the Superior. Court in $2000
apiece for burglary. They were ac
cused of robbing, Joseph Brzezlnskl, a
Pacific-street saloontst, of $360, a watch
and chain and three boxes of cigars,
and 20-year-old Raynee Langford, a
danseuse, is held as a witness for the
prosecution.
Dorothy Morton, who disclaimed any
connection whatever with the bur
lesque stage, was given thirty days for
vagrancy by Judge Mogan. It was her
third conviction.
Walter Taylor, who for many months
had been employed in a position of
trust by George H. Wiegner, butcher,
1823 Point Lobos avenue, and then em
bezzled $50, was given a severe lecture
by Judge Fritz before he was dis
missed for lack of prosecution.
Mrs. Fred Leroy Lausmasser de
clined to prosecute her husband after
she had him arrested for threatening
to kill, and. of course, there was noth
ing else for Judge Conlan to dothan
dismisp the case. When the parties
left the courtroom the corridor re
sounded with their kisses, three young
ladies who had been subpenaed as
witnesses freely participating irj the
congratulatory osculation. *
> Three jurors have been secured to
try E. G. Sproat, a member of the firm
that owned Sproat's market, Avho is
before Judge Fritz on the charge of
concealing property with intent to de
fraud jtwenty-seven creditors whose
claims Aggregate J 18,000. The panel
will probably be completed to-day.
When the case of E. L. Wadham, ac
cused of embezzling $1078 intrusted
to his keeping as treasurer of the local
eyrie of Eagles, was called in Judge
Fritz's court the clerk announced
there was no complaint on file nor was
Policeman A. Jewell, who made the
arrest, present to .attend to the mat
ter. The Judge then delivered a few
remarks that were not eulogistic of
the way in which the case had been
handled by the police. Later in the
day a complaint was sworn to by Sec
retary Westcott of the Eagles. Waa
ham is under $3000 bonds. He will
be arraigned this morning.
Alexander Centre, accused of vag
rancy, declared that his arrest was a
grievous error, as for months he had
been employed at Warren's quarry and
had just come into town to spend
Saturday evening with friends when
a policeman ran him in. Judge Fritz
hearkened to the tale and then ap
,plied the hand test, finding that Mr.
Centre's palms were as soft as a
babe's. "I'll send for the foreman of
Warren's quarry." said his Honor,
and if he disproves your story I'll give
you the limit." "Then," said Mr. Cen
tre, "I guess you might as well give
it to me right now, for I've been hand
ing you a jolly." He will get it to
day.
For stealing a silken cape from a
woman of Bacon place last Friday,
concealing the garment and turning in
a false alarm of fire, James Gagan
was given nine months by Judge Con-
Ian.
•Joseph Baron, 19 years of age and
employed as clerk in Flotow's men's
furnishing goods store, 1033 Market
street, was charged with beating his
mother, Mrs. Rebecca Baron, last Sun
day afternoon at the family residence.
1149 Devisadero street. Policeman
Mclntyre was summoned by telephone
to the house and there found the de
fendant, who had a poker in his hand,
being held in restraint by his elder
brother, David. Mrs. Baron informed
the officer that Jacob had been in the
habit of calling her vile names and
beating her. The young man denied
he struck his mother last Sunday, but
confessed that on previous occasions
he had been so unnlial as to assault
her. Judge Mogan pronounced him
guilty as charged and will sentence
him to-day.
The battery charge was dismissed
and the agreement ordered on file.
Senora Diaz, a portly matron, ex
plained that section 2 of the unique
covenant was not uncalled for, as
Senor Diaz's susceptibility to feminine
bladishments was largely responsible
for the trouble in the Diaz household.
Witness: C. L.. WASSMAX
Know all men # by these presents:- That,
whereas, certain 'unhappy differences have
existed heretotor<> between Rafael Romero
Diaz and his wife, Concha Diaz, which tor
some time past appeared irreconcilable; and
whereas, a full, fair and well-considered inter
view between them make it clear that an ami
cable adjustment of the same can be had.
Now, therefore. It is hereby agreed and un
derstood by and between said Rafael Romero
Diaz and Concha Diaz, his wife, the parties
hereto, that all past offenses and differences
heretofore existing between them are ' hereby
con.ioned, and that their domestic relations
are hereby resumed under the following con
ditions, to-wlt:
First — The said Rafael Romero Diaz shall
forthwith be permitted to enter their home at
1021 Washington street and there, as the hus
band of said Conch Diaz, to be recognized as
the head of the lamlly to the exclusion of any
member ol the family now therein residing.
Second — The said Rafael Romero Diaz agrees
to observe In all respects his marital obliga
tions and particularly to refrain from giving
any cause of complaint by reason of miscon
duct on his part with any oth?r woman.
The said Concha Diaz hereby agrees to ob
serve and comply faithfully with her part of
the two foregoing subdivisions, hereby recog
nizing the said Rafael Romero Diaz as the
head of the family In all resptcis and Indorsing
any and all his acts as such; and to the end
that complete harmony may exist the parties
hereto have Joined in this, their request to the
Judges of Police Courts No. 4 and No. 3, that
the actions existing against the parties be and
the same are hereby dlsmlssf-d.
. • R ROMERO DIAZ.
CONCHA R. DIAZ.
When the case of Rafael Romero
Diaz, accused of battery by^his wife
Concha, was called in Judge Fritz's
court yesterday morning the defend
ant's attorney submitted this self-ex
planatory document . and on the
strength of it asked for dismissal:
James Hagan, a striking freight
handler, was drunk and behaving in a
disorderly . manner when Patrolman
Bruce arrested him at. Fourth and
Townsend streets.
"If you are out on strike," said Judge
Fritz to the defendant, "you should
make special effort to keep sober ajid
abstain from disorderly conduct, for
you cannot help the labor cause by
losing your senses or breaking the law.
I will continue your case ten days and
would suggest that you stay away from
Fourth and Townsend streets during
that period."
Harry Stack, who was arrested for
brandishing a pistol In a rude and
dangerous manner at Kearny and Pine
streets" Saturday evening, Informed
Judge Mogan that his reason for car
rying the weapon consisted solely of
the fact that* once upon a time he was
a special policeman for a railroad cor
poration. His Hror enlightened Harry
by stating that when he ceased to be a
law officer he was deprived, of liberty
to carry concealed weapons. Sentence
will be delivered to-day.
John Oleson, who was arrested for
drunkenness Saturday night, manifest
ed considerable surprise when Judge
Fritz exhibited a warrant, alleging
battery, which was sworn to by his wife
several months ago. • The woman ap
peared in court and stated that John
spends all his earnings for drftik. while
she is obliged to work as a housemaid
to provide for their three children,
which are inmates of St. Francis Di
rectory. The Judge then ordered the
husband to pay for the children's main
tenance and "warned him that failure
to do so will result in his imprisonment
for as long a term as the law allows.
May Reed is sought by Patrolman
W. J. Kavanaugh, who "has a bench
warrant for her arrest, issued yester
day by Judge Mogan. She is an old
offender who was arrested for va
grancy and. released on 510 bail, which
she forfeited, but the court ordered
that >she be brought in and compelled
to stand trial just the same.
Mrs. Joseph Brooks pleaded so piti
fully for leniency for her dishonest and
generally worthless husband that
Judge Fritz, gave him three months
instead of the six that he had earned
by stealing wool from a warehouse.
The woman stated that the man was
her only means of support, as she is an
invalid. <J
Wong Wing' and Ah Ling were
among many Chinese who disturbed
the peace Sunday afternoon at Sacra
mento and Dupont streets by infor
mally congregating and in loud and
boisterous language discussing the war
situation in Manchuria. In the court
of Judge Mogan both Wong Wing and
Ah Sing declared they were Christians
and restrained by religious scruples
from breaking the Sabbath In the man
ner described by the policeman who
arrested them. Their plea won out.
and they scurried forth chattering.
Louis Typo, a teamster, will be sen
tenced by Judge Fritz to-day for hav
ing carelessly driven his wagon into a
bicyclist at Third arid Market streets,
the collision knocking him off the
wheel and severely injuring him. What
made the matter worse for the'defend
ant was his effort; to escape without
ascertaining how badly the wheelman
was hurt, and he might have succeeded
in getting away if another teamster,
R. H. Moore, hadn't stopped him.
• • •
Harry Reardon was sampling the
luncheon in a saloon at Fourteenth and
Mission streets Saturday evening, when
Mr. Jinks and a friend facetiously
emptied two glasses of beer upon him.
With natural aversion to taking his
beer externally, Mr. Reardon picked up
a plate and hurled it at Mr. Jinks, but
the missile flew very wide of its in
tended mark and struck the face of
Joe Seidlitz as he entered the door.
Whistles were blown and when two
policemen responded one of them es
corted Mr. Seidlitz to the Receiving
Hospital to get his face patched, while
the other took Mr. Reardon to the
Southern station and booked him for
assault with a deadly weapon. The
case was called in Judge Mogan's
court, but as Mr. Seidlitz declined to
prosecute the defendant was dis
charged
George Grant and Walter Farrell
were bending over the prostrate and
inanimate form of a drunken man at
Market and Eddy streets late Saturday
night, when Patrolman James Culli
nan, sometimes alluded to as "Jimmie
the Cricket," arrested them and made
the charge vagrancy. In the shirt
bosom of the prostrate inebriate, the of
ficer informed Judge Fritz, there nes
tled a large and' glittering diamond,
and it was his opinion that if. he had
not "pinched" the defendants when he
did they would have removed the gem.
The defendants pleaded that they were
going home from a theater in which
they were employed as stage hands
when they saw the drunken individual
and charitably decided to awake him.
Just as they were about to do so, and
with no intent whatever of touching
his diamond, they were clutched by
"Jimmie the. Cricket." They were re
manded for further investigation.
chums, but when he eo told his father
the old gentleman began to cuff him
and also threatened to kill him. The
case was continued. • %
* i:-r-:-t • • •
COMPLAIN OF BLASTING
RETAINS THE CURRENCY
CANNOT EXCHANGE IRON
Supervisors Adopt a Resolu
tion Authorizing Payment
of $20,000 for the Land
Cruelty to Her Alleged to
Have Begun Two Weeks
After They Were Married
Former Accountant at the
Crockett Warehouse Tells
of Strange Transaction
Robs Guest of Occidental
Hotel, but Later He Sends
Back Wallet and Papers
Rafael Romero Diaz and His Better * Half,
Concha, Enter Into Covenant Which
Is Virtual Repetition of Marriage Vows
CITY IS OWNER
OF SOOTH PARK
WIFE CHARGES
BRUTAL DEEDS
HELPS TO SHIP
GRAIN BOOKS
THIEF RETURNS
ALL BUT MONEY
Board of Supervisors Sets
Friday Morning as Time
for Acting on Message
WILL CONSIDER
MAYOR'S VETOES
HUSBAND AND WIFE FILE QUEER
AGREEMENT WITH POLICE JUDGE
. ¦
THE SAN FRAKCISCO: CALL/ TUESDAY,: JUNE 21, 1904
Special Sale
Of ; errantly trimmed hat« ¦ for $5; regular
price,. $20. . At Mr». J J, CoughlanA Co.'»f 229
gutter bU, commencing Monday, June 20. *
¦Mrs. Lastra, the wife of Joseph Las
tra, a "rubber down of prize fighters,"
residing at 419 Stevenson street, ap
plied to Dr. J. F. Millar at the Central
Emergency Hospital yesterday for
treatment for- lacerated wounds on
both lips and on- her forehead. The
woman claimed that she received' her
Injuries . at the hands of her . husband
and that he frequently amused him
self In' similar pleasantry. The cause
of the -trouble yesterday grew out of
her request to have an opal' ring
changed: ..She said she was afraid to
swear, out a warrant for his arrest.
Says Her Hsuband Struck Her.
An entertainment will be given un
der the auspices of the 'literary com
mittee of the Scottish Thistle' Club
In the Alhambra Theater, on the even
ing of July 1. gome of the best
talent- in the city has been secured and
a good time is assured. Special invi
tations have been sent I to the various
Scottish societies, but the" house will
be open to the,public;and the rule of
"first come, ¦ first served" ' will ; prevail.
Scota Will Entertain.
16
NEW ADVERTISEMENT*
Stops Rente* ol t!» scalp Instantly.
C5OIN&I GOING-!! GONE!!!
kj?;ci3s smim ir. kiucjm nil ute n. nt'uTifOft K*nci9&
FJ5"!$!H«I! 7 \ nrKrllfllir *"* fine " ""tour of female face lo«s much of It)
.ILWsUilU O ULIll lUlUL «ftr«ctlvne»$ If the hair I* scanty or look* i\»-
' Tk. tj^j -.--^- it.> •>«. iw iiriittLM 1 tased. Th« dandruff microbe causes dull, brt.li*
IM erigtaal BMtty »« t*» b« s»wtn nib. w tortreJ<41 „,,, w , th Uter . itching scalp
fllHTC UfiUCIV flIIITF ITTQIPTIVE *nd falling hair. Newbra's HerpfcUe destroy •
yUllC HUMfcLT— UUIIt Al MAM IIC thl» enemy of beauty, nd permits ths hair to e ro«
Tht woman with homely features wtll not lack at- as nature Intended. A ddiehtful hair dressing.
tractfveaass If her head is crowned wtthtnabund- Gives wonderful results. Nooilordy*.
gn« ««J, $1.00. Stni 10c, stups. t« HEXflCICE CO, 9cpL «. OsSrsW. HsX far l u*$«.
EXAMINE"' YOUR DENTIFRICE BAJA CALIFORNIA
Add and grit, deadliest enemies of the T"| Q "tVI 1 Q VI Q RlT'fo'nC
teeth, abound in cheap dentifrices. Fine per. A/dllllClllCl UlLlOi O
fumes do not make fine dentifrices. Your I s A gkeat kestokative. ujviuoit*-
teeth deserve better ofyou thanto be offered rle^x w7n£Vfut .phrodu.ac .ad.specui
up a Sacrifice to your pocketbook. f. Tonic for the 8«xual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican IJem— ly for Diseaan of :h »
_. _, ._ J Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
#* JT^L i^\ 9"^ &\ A! "5» NABEII. ALFS & BRUNE. A^r.t*.
gBH &3 S S HJB fi« §Y,8 fl s - a Mark«t «t.. S. F.— (StnJ for Circulars. >
is of proven value. Sixty years is a pretty IS/ |M^I/ I V [^ \ T 1
good test. No acid, no grit in Sozodont. 1 1 ' H H ft j I I • U I i
The Liquid penetrates the little crevices and 1 1 'L/JL/ JJUU 1 \JjLUL/ 1/
purifies them; the Powder gives a bright * .
and polished surface.
3 FORMS: LIQUID, POWDER, PASTE. . 16 Pa^CS. SI pCP YCaP
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SKIN HUMORS ,
BLOOD HUMORS
Speedily, Permanently and
Economically Cured
by Gutieura
WHEN ALLELSE FAILS
Complete External and
Internal Treatment
Price One Dollar
Is the treatment of torturing, dlsflf -
trlag. Itching, ic&ly, crested, pimplj,
blotchy aad *crof«loas fcamors of tba
skin, scalp and blood, with Ions of hair,
Catlcnra Soap, Ointment aad Fills k&v«
been wonderfollj successf cl. Erei the
taott obstinate of constltatioBil ha-
mors. each u bid blood, scrofnla. In-
herited and contagions humors, with
loss of hair, glandular swellings, alcer-
oas patches la the throat and mouth,
¦or* eyex, copper-coloured blotches, as
well as boils, carbuncles, scarry, sties,
ulcers and sores arising from an import
condition of the blood, yield to the
Cotlcora Treatment, When all other
remedies fall.
And greater still. If possible, Is th«
wonderful record of cares of torturing,
disfiguring hamors among Infants and
children. The suffering which Cutlcura
Remedies hare alleviated among ths
yoang, and the con fort they hare af-
forded worn-oat and worried parents,
hare led to their adoption In countless
homes ss priceless curatives for ths
skin and blood. Infantile aad birth hm-
mors, milk crust, scalled bead, eczema,
rashes and erery form of itching, scaly,
pimply skin and tc&lp hamors, with loss
of hair, of infancy and childhood, are
speedily, permanently and economically
cored when all other remedies suitable
for children, and erea th« best phy-
sicians, fall.
fr'A tfcroartwat ttw nrM. -CvHevs Btwtfat *ta.
( » form of CtwroUtc <<*><« rttlt. *5«. m v.»l ot •»>.
Oxtm^nt. *r.. »¦••»>. 3K. J»pot»: I *mim. V OU«rtrr-
houm fcq.: Part*. I Kim it U Ftlxi Boctoo. IS CelmakM
A« lVtar Dnt * C»™ C«r»^ PoU rrefrMm.
¦*- t «o« im - Ttt OtHt Bicw Omre."
Of Antique Choice
Persian Rugs
Wednesday, June 22d
Dailv - - - - o't.2:30 P. M.
Ob Account of Departure '
I *-Hl off«r ray entire stock of incut beau-
tiful, rar* Antique Persian Rugs at bona-
flde suction to realize cash for my annual
collecting irip.
MI BRAN'S
205 Post Street