SAN: FRANCISCO, FRIDAY,; JUNE; 24, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 24.
ROOSEVELT WILL LEAD PARTY TO VICTORY;
HIS RUNNING MATE THE POPULAR FAIRBANKS
ContiOT>3d on Fftge 2, Column 3.
Continued on Pace 2, Column 4,
Continued on Pago 2, Oohma 4,V;
PARIS, ' June 23.— The Foreign Office
has been- : advised -that -the Porte 'has
ylelde'd; completely to the demands of
the > powers ' for redress as a result of
the ; Armenian persecutions. Evicted
"Armenians -.will . be ! returned t to their
homes, ¦ indemnlOed I for, losses and pro
tected jforLthe j future. ' ' .
Vlhe -Sultan,- '.however.- has thus 'far
declined* to; ratify the Porte's decision.
.The concessions followed a definite in
timation that 1 the - powers were ] pre
paring to make a naval demonstration
in-Turkish' waters, rvtv 3§SE9 ~~?: r - E£t
EVICTED ARMENIANS
v - ¦ TO BE INDEMNIFIED
Porte :. Yields to Demands .- of - the
j£ Powers and Will Redress the VIc
..'•* ;;-tinis of; Persecution.. . .
A telegram' received ' yesterday : from
dent he sent' to him a telegram "of con
gratulation, and' shortly , afterward " re
ceived an answer' expressing apprecia
tion ; of the distinction conferred by, the
nomination. „... __ .. .... .'.'. ._-
Among Khe. telegrams received was
one from a few of ROoseyeTt's Long"Isl
and neighbors^- as follows: .
GARDEN' .CITY.-N'. T.'.'.Tune'23.T. 19OC— The
President. Whlt« Honse, Washington, , D. .C—
Your. Nassau netghbors send .greetings and
congratulations," wishing you all prosperity, and
a continued career of usefulness to the nation.
A triumphant election 'will be:but:your ¦well
merited reward. / '..; LEWIS. . ".¦ :
• . ->-¦'.'• CHESHIRE. ' •
'- V '. i •' ¦ . JOHNSON, .-.' $¦ '.
...YOUNGS^.'.'. '
A party, of the. famous Rough . Riders
sent this message:' \ ' ' • -'-^
• CONVENTION ' HALL; CHICAGO, ', June 23,
1804.— Colonel. Theodore* Roosevelt, • Washing
ton- — Your • comrade* of '9S,, delegates : to • this
convention,"" congratulate-, you on • this, j one , of
the greatest events In American history. Every
soldier of your regiment will be on duty, from
now. until you- are elected- President:. May 'God
bless you. < O. BROD1E. '- '.'.
, , W. ¦ H. II. LLEWELLYN.
"• ' v :t.-j..-.leahey.- .-, .
• E.DAME; ' '*'¦¦¦* i~ ¦¦ * ' ' '
, .- . . >:;w.- s. ;. Simpson. '\->c •',*¦¦¦¦ "7
During the late afternoon and' the
early evening telegrams from all parts
of. the country poured Into the White
House offices by the score, each. bearing
its words of cheer and good wishes.*
OOXGRATIJLATES. FAIRBANKS.
As soon as ¦ the President recelve'd
news of the r nomination' of Senator
Fairbanks as candidate for Vice "Presi-
Aside from Secretary Loeb. -Assistant
Secretary, of State Francis B. Loom is
was the first official of the administra
tion / to extend . his congratulations.
Later in • the day. however, . other of
ficials called at the White House to
felicitate Roosevelt upon' his nomina
tion. \ *...-;¦ " ' ;,
as the standard-bearer of a great po
litical party, but as Theodore_Roosevelt,
the man and friend. Wlttr genial rail
lery he chatted with one, exchanged
comments on men or events" with* an
other, laughed heartily at a cartoon of
himself to which attention was drawn,
sketched in a free-hand way Incidents
of the convention, recalled some Inter
esting situations, personal and political,
end in conclusion . again thanked his
friends . for expressions of their con
gratulations. .
? :CHICAGO. June 22. 1904.— Pre«ident Roose
velt; White House. Washing-ton. — Several Tale
men awaiting, wjth Joyful anticipation .to-mor
'row's Just recognition of your cervices to coun
try" and ; party. CARTER.
¦ ' HKFFELFINGER, "-' -
. - SHEFFIELD.
, . : . • -WILLIAMS.
Governor . Carter of Hawaii, and others
equally well known. . follows : - . .-.vr» .-.-; :
1858— Born October 27, in New York City.
1 880— G raduatcd at Harvard University: f ' ..
1882-83-84 — Served in the New. York Leg- }
islature. \ A
1884— Chairman of the New York delega- .
tion to the Republican National Con- -
vention. -^ ' - '/
1886 — Defeated as Republican candidate Tor.
Mayor of New York. >^
i$89-95-MJnited States Civil Service ,Com- ,
missioned. . ' .
1895-97 — President of the :Board of Police,'
Commissioners of New -York. ¦ .--¦ ¦ -^ ; :
LIFE STORY OF THEODORE ROOSEVELT
1897-98— Assistant Secretary of -the Navy.
1 SpSV-I-ieu tenant ' colonel and < colonel of the
First ; Vdlunteer. ' Cavalry ("Rough
.Riders")' .Regiment^ in the war witfi
¦ : Spain:.- ¦« ¦ r' r ./ . '. '¦..' !
¦ 1899— Elected : Governor, of New- York.
190'0^-Electcd Vice President of the United
... ¦ ' v States. ." . \ '¦:':¦'
\ 1 90 1— -September 14,^ succeeded to the'Presi
'. dency on " the death of "William Mc
; 1904—^Nominated for -President b*y the Re
publican National- Convention. - — . •
REPUBLICAN PARTY'S UN AN I MO US CHOICE FO R STANDARD. BEARER.
Sitting tilted back in a big armchair
at his desk the President chatted freely
and frankly with those about him. AH
were his personal friends, and the Pres
ident realized perfectly that the little
confidences of the "executive session,"
as he himself termed It. would be held
as Inviolable. He talked and acted not
as President of the United States, not
President Roosevelt rose from his
chair to receive the affectionate con
gratulations of those about him. He
was the most unconcerned, seemingly,
of all. He chatted animatedly a few
minutes with Mrs. Roosevelt, Miss
Carew and Loeb, and then accom
panied his secretary to the executive
offices.
ATTENDS. TO ROUTINE WORK.
Outward indications that Theodore
Roosevelt was to be chosen unanimous
ly as the standard-bearer of his party
absolutely were lacking at the White
House in the morning. The President
appeared at his desk at the usual hour
and began" immediately to transact rou
tine executive business with Secretary
Loeb. The important subjects disposed
of, he received several - visitors .for
«hom engagements had been made.
No members of the Cabinet called dur
ing the early hours of the business
day. The President was kept In close
touch with the situation at Chicago
through the press bulletins and private
messages from the convention hall,
which were received over a special
wire at the White House.
On his return to the executive offices
after he had been informed of his
nomination. President Roosevelt greet
ed cordially a number of newspaper
men. He expressed his pleasure at re
ceiving the warm congratulations of
those who. In the performance of their
duties, are kept constantly" in touch
with the President and his work.
CHATS WITH FRIENDS.
WASHINGTON, June 23.—Surround
ed by members of his family. President
Roosevelt received the announcement
that he had been nominated unani
mously by the Republicans at Chicago.
The news was received by telephone at
the White House by a press repre
sentative In advance of its receipt over
the special telegraph wire running from
Chicago to the executive offices.
At 1i:lZ p. m. the bulletin was given
to Secretary Loeb. Some time previ
ously the President had left his offices
in the executive building and had gone
to the White House for luncheon. Sec
retary Loeb immediately conveyed the
news to him there. Seated on the
veranda of the White House, chatting
with Mrs. Roosevelt, his sister-in-law.
Miss Carew and other members of his
family, tjie President received Loeb's
announcement.
Chairman Parker of the Missouri del
egation presented to the committee an
A resolution was adopted authorizing
the chairman to appoint an executive
committee of nine, with such other of
ficers as are necessary for ther'manage
ment of the campaign. The chairman,
secretary, treasurer and sergeant-at
arms are to-be officers of the executive
committee. Under this resolution the
chairman is ; given absolute power in
the conduct of the campaign.
INVITATION* FROM FRANCIS.
- After Cortelyou's remarks Elmer Do
ver. of Ohio was named as secretary by
Senator. Scott. Cornelius N. Bliss of
New ¦ York . for treasurer by Governor
Murphy and William F. Stone of Mary
land for sergeant-at-arms by Senator
Mi Comas. All of these officers were
unanimously re-elected.
¦No 'vice chairman will be appointed,
and the new chairman will divide his
time between the New York and Chi
cago headquarters, although some
members of. the committee no doubt
will be designated to take charge of
the headquarters In this city. Head
quarters will not be opened in either
city | until ' l the latter part of July.
Meanwhile Cortelyou expects to select
the executive committee and make his
preliminary arrangements for the cam
paign.
s As soon as the committee was called
to order, Postmaster General Payne, in
a complimentary speech, nominated
Cortelyou- for chairman, and the elec
tion was made without a dissenting
voice. Clayton of Arkansas, Murphy of
New Jersey and Yerkes of Kentucky
were appointed a committee to notify
the new chairman and bring him be
fore ' the committee.
CHICAGO, June 23.— George B. Cor
telyou was chosen chairman of the
Republican •National Committee at a
meeting held to-day, just after the ad
journment of the national convention.
2n thanking the committee for the
honor, he told the members that, whHe
he would be glad to have the benefit
of their, advice and counsel, he in
tended to be chairman in fact, and
would accept no dictation from any one,
high or low. He told them that the
friends of the late Chairman Hanna
were his friends, and he asked for
the same measure of confidence and
support that had been given to the
late chairman. In conclusion, he
sought the advice of both old and new
members. ¦
Cortelyou made «S formal statement
of his plans. He had resigned as Sec
retary of Commerce and Labor as soon
as he was elected chairman, the resig
nation to take effect as soon as bis
successor qualifies, which will be about
July 1. Secretary Cortelyou will nor
give any active time to political mat
ters until he retires from the Cabinet.
. XO VICE CHAIRMAN.
Bearer of Tidings Finds Him
Chatting With Members
of His Family.
New National Committee Se
lects the Manager for
the Campaign.
MR, ROOSEVELT
UNCONCERNEDLY
AWAITS RESULT
HANNA'S PLACE
NOW OCCUPIED
BY CORTELVOU
When the convention was called to
order to-day the galleries were filled'
for the first time. Tiers of people
wer< standing in the aisles and back
of the rows of seats. Former Gover
nor Black's introduction to make the
Roosevelt nominating speech was the
fcignal fop the first outburst of ap
plause. Black led ud to the nomina
tion by gradually defining: the type of
man best suited for the party's color
bearer. As he - named Theodore j
CROWD PACKS COLISEUM.
When Senator Fairbanks had been
nominated for Vice President there was
no diminution in the demonstration.
The voices were hoarse, but the shout-
Ing was as general as it was for the
head of the ticket.
The delegates in their eagerness to
exhibit approval of the nomination
accepted every signal for renewed
-cheering. A little colored boy from
Georgia, and later a pretty little girl
dressed in a dainty frock of white, were
lifted to the platform, where they
waved flags vigorously.
At the conclusion of every seconding
speech the outburst was repeated, and
the speakers themselves were generally
applauded.
The chairman tired and his place was
taken by a young man, who grasped
the flagstaff firmly in one hand and
with a megaphone led the yelling. He
started to yell, "Roosevelt, Roosevelt,
Roosevelt," repeated over a^d over
over again, with the system of a college
yell. It was taken up by the throng,
and the cry of "Jioosevelt" rolled over
the hall in volumes so great and so ter
rific that the screeching of a hundred
steam whistrw v/ouid have been
dwarfed in comparison.
LIKE A COLLEGE YELL.
When Governor Black of New York
made his speech nominating President
Roosevelt to succeed himself as Presi
dent, the delegates in the . Republican
Convention proved there was no ab-
Fcnce of enthusiasm in their ranks
when occasion Justified an exhibition
cf that Quality. For twenty-five min
utes the great throng told its approba
tion of the convention's choice for
President. The name of Roosevelt
came from every mouth. The New
York delegates paraded the hall, shout
ing at the top of their voices. Other
delegations joined the procession, and
the- weJ! ordered body of a half hour
before was a shifting mass, every
eemblance of organization gone.
While the demonstration was at its
height Chairman Cannon stepped to
the front of tne stage. He held in his
hand the banner which was waved in
1SG0 when Lincoln was nominated, and
•which fcas been used in every conven
tion since. The flex showed the wear
and tear of ' many similar contests.
"Uncle Joe" wa\-cd It vigorously and
kept time with his body. Soon the
¦whole convention was swaying in exact
measure.
1 rfiii^'i by a resounding demonstration
vbich attested the candidates' great
popularity. The charing was l<=d by
figures known through the breadth of
the land and echoed by a mighty
throne of enthusiastic men and radiant
vomen assembled in the Coliseum to
witness the crowning feature of the
convention, as well as the close of th<*
rational meeting that marks the semi
centennial of the Republican party in
the United States.
No less than 10,000 men and women
participated in the ratification of the
party programme and the consequent
roar of cheering and handclapping was
de&feninp. The band, stationed high
among tho girders of the hall, was
browned by the tumultuous, unbounded
demonstration. Hats were tossed into
the air, State emblems were waved
and flags — beautiful, tri-colored, shim
mering, silktn flags — fluttered from
every hand, as though stirred by a
RIOT OF ENTHUSIASM.
Rpjrardkss of the fart that th«> nomi- !
nation of one had b«*en assured for
months and the other for day». the an- I
naiirf-riieni of the choice was accom- j
CHICAGO. June 13.— Th« swift, sure
current Qf public opinion for the sec
ond time in thp history cf Republican
conventions to-day resulted in the se
lection cf a national ticket without a
dissenting vote. Theodore Roosevelt
for President and Charles W. Fair
banks for Vice President received every
vote in the convention.
Henry T. Oxnard will go to New
York" to-morrow. Oxnard dined with
Senators Lodge and Penrose, Mayor
Weaver of Philadelphia, Mr. Aldrldgs
of Chicago and Judge Van Fleet of San
Francisco at the Chicago Club this
evening.
Joseph Steffens will visit Eastern
cities before his return home. George
W Reed will start west in a day or
so. W. I* Crooks will visit relatives
in Indiana. M. A. Gunst and family
Delegate A. Rucf will go to New
York. Philadelphia and Washington
and then to St. Louis. George A.
Knight will leave to-morrow for New
York. He ¦will return home by %vay of
St. Louis. B. H. Reymers and daush
ter will go to Europe for an extended
tour.
Governor Pardee. his wife and two
pretty daughters left on to-night's
train for St. Louis. To-morrow Judge
McKlnley and wife of Los Angeles will
leave for the exposition city and prob
ably will have as company on the train
Delegates John H. Norton, F. K. Rule.
Oacar Lawler, Judge Van Fleet. Frank
H. Short. J. G. Priestly. Mitchell Phil
lips and wife. C. L» Clinch, E. D. Rob
erts and A- D. Porter.
Jacob Steppacher will visit his sis
ter In Philadelphia before departing
for home by way of St. Louis.
Of the other Callfornlans in the city.
Colonel Kowalsky will start for Eu
rope to-morrow, accompanied by "Hon
est Bob." his colored valet, who won
distinction on the delegation's special
train by finding and returning .to its
owner a handful of diamond-set jewel
ry- Fulton G. Berry of Fresno will
spend a month at Lake Beulah visiting
his talented daughter, Maud Lillian
Berry. He will return to Chicago on
Sundays, he says, to enjoy yachting on
Lake Michigan.
"Geography counts but little with the
sentiment and enthusiasm that is to
day apparent in favor of one who is to
be given all the honors anoTduties of
an elected President of the United
States," Knight said when silence was
restored. Continuing in epigramatic
style he thrilled the convention for
many minutes. His voice never fal
tered. His name was spoken in terms
of congratulation on every side. When
he had ceased, and with waving ban
ners the California delegation marched
to the platform to escort him to his
seat, the great Coliseum rocked with
the cheers of the multitude.
California's headquarters were in
darkness to-night. The wines and fruits
had been distributed among the fortu
nate friends cf the delegates and the
last toast had been drunk. Several of;
the delegates have departed already,
and more will go to-morrow. "Within
three days the last California delegata
will have departed from Chicago.
PARDEE GOES TO -T. LOUIS.
Again the tempest broke. Out of the
wilderness of silence had come a
human voice. It had been heard and
understood. The convention was over
joyed: its enthusiasm must find vent.
THRILLS THE CONTENTION.
Knight's voice reached to the farthest
pillar and echoed back from the giant
arches. With a howl of delight the con
vention » arose, and the waving flags
with their crimson stripes were like a
sea of flame. Speaker Cannon, with
the gavel in his left hand pounding for
order and his right uplifted command
ing silence. wa3 ignored. For minutes
the uproar continued. "When silence
came again Knight continued:
••Geography counts — "
HEADQUARTERS CALIFORNIA
DELEGATION*. CHICAGO. June 23 —
California's triumph came to-day In the
national convention. Her triumph was
that of George A. Knight, th« eloquent
lawyer of San Francisco. From 10:3*
o'clock until long after noon the per
spirins delegates had been listening to
the*disiineuished men of the East. Ex-
Governor 'Black of New York had
placed Mr. Roosevelt In nomination,
and Senator Boveridge of Indiana had
delivered the iirst seconding speech. To
those in the rear galleries and side
seats their efforts were nausht but
mere pantomime. No sound strayed
from a direct line in front of the plat
form until Knight opened his masterly
address.
"Gentlemen of the convention—"
Staff Correspondent oi The Call.
BY FREDERIC W. BISHOP,
Terrific Din Lasts
Twenty -Five'
Minutes.
Delegates Depart
From the Con
vention City.
President's Name Is
Signal for Wild
Outburst I
Knight Adds to Re
nown of State's
Orators.
COLISEUM
SHAKEN AS
BY A GALE
CALIFORNIA
ELOQUUENCE
TRIUMPHS
- Alcazar— "loTcn' lut."
-'CsOlfoml*— "A Princs of Xtlars."
"Central — "£lffht* o' Ziondon."
ColamTjia — "The Proud Prince. 1 *
Cnntes — Vaufi eville.
' riacier'i — "The Mormons. 1 *
Grand — "On Barry."
Orphenra — Vaudeville.
TivoU — "Eobla Hood."
THE THSATSX3*
The San Francisco Call.
Toreca«t mads at lu 7iu
clsco for thirty hour* andlmr
at mldalfht, June 241
San Traaclsco and vicinity—
Tnix Friday; lltrnt south wind,
tbxagiag to brisk westerly.
A. O. McADIE,
District Foreeaster.
TXZ WIATIE1.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.. SEATTLE, Wash., June .2 3.— The
steamship Portland, from* San Fran
cisco to Nome, regarding:- the "safety of
which fears have been entertained,
: reached the Alaskan port after
battling with the ice from Dutch Har
bor to its destination. TCbe vessel, lit
tle* the worse for wear, .< arrived at
Nome at 4:55 o'clock on the morning
of June. 14; seven days lake. News to
this effect was brought to Seattle to
day by the steamship Senator, which
sailed from Nome June IS.
Steamship Portland After ( Rough Voy
age Reaches Alaskan Port but Ut
• tlo the Worse. for Wear.
BATTLiES WITH ICE 'FROM
..;,. DUTCH HARBOR , TO NOME
For';. Further Details of : Convention
. ; ' _ Sec Page 4. t -J- *
Fairbanks Owns California Ranch.
CHICAGO, June 23.->— As a lawyer,
a railroadman anda-banker Charles
"W. Fairbanks Is widely known in the
Middle" "VV'est and on. the coast. He
owns a. flrie farm in Illinois and a fruit
rarich'Jn California arid is deeply ln
terested.in agriculture. ¦:-. !
The Original Little Bcujflcenda Pub
lica Company of Sari, Francisco; '" "
- ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER. 1893.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
i Owing to the fact that numerous schemes
are placed before the public from time to time;
we would respectfully call the attention of
purchaser* of tickets to buy only from respon
sible agenta and to see that their tickets, read
ax follows:
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE BENEFICENCIA
PUBLICA COMPACT OP BAN
FRANCISCO.
ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER, 1893.
Each coupon has the Initials M. & F. on the
face and back of the ticket. <•
The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by the Beneflcencia Publica Company -'of
the city of Mexico: June 23, ISM — 17.144 wins
$7500 told In San Francisco, Cal.; 44,213 wins
V-50O.. fold In San Francleco, Cal. ;• 11,136 wins
$1250" sold in San Francisco, Cal.;' Nos. 1533
6138, 13,392, 49,015 and 49,871 each wlq, $125,'
sold In San Francisco, Cal. -'¦'> ' *"•• •; i '.
The following capital prizes ' were paid by
the above M. & F. Co. for May- 28,41904 : -:¦'.
P. N. Bonde (employed 'by carriage factory
2020 Polk street). Ban Francisco, ¦ Cal., f .'J75Q; |
James H. Smith (letter" carrier), resldlngTat
125 Eleventh street, San Francleco. Cal.?. $3750;
John Watts (liquors, 227 East street north),
San Francisco, Cal., $2500; Thomas- P.. Jones
(with No. 18 engine, 8. F. Fire Department)
residing at 342 Duncan street, - Ban Francisco,
Cal.. $625: H. A. Saylls (with Klein Electrical
Work*. 107 Battery street). San Francisco,
Cal., }G25. •
O'Donnell is an expressman. It is
said be carted load after load' of
Hearst literature from the Hearst
headquarters in . the Pflster Hotel to
the depots to be sent to the various
Hearst boomers throughout the State.
Besides suing William Randolph
Hearst. O'Donnell . has garnisheed
Jacques Kohn, the Milkwaukee man
ager of the Chicago American. ¦ < •¦
William J. Kershaw, who was secre
tary of the Milwaukee Hearst League,,
refused to make any statement rela
tive to the matter. Kershaw has in
stituted similar proceedings - against
Hearst before Justice Graves.
MILWAUKEE. Wis., June 23. — An
other suit against William Randolph
Hearst. Democratic Presidential aspir
ant, has been begun. It . has . grown
out of the late Hearst boom in Wis
consin. It Is alleged in the complaint
filed in the Justices' Court by James
O'Donnell . that the. Hearst managers
failed to pay his labor claims.- He
asks judgment for $36. The. statement
is made that a number of similar suits
are threatened.
Expressman Files Action to Recover
$36 for llaullns Literature. .
SUES HEARST FOR PAY.
, NORFOLK, Va., June 23. — Com
mander A. G. Kellogg, U. S\ N.; fell
from a fourth-story window in the
Monroe Hotel in Portsmouth at 9
o'clock to-night to the sidewalk, sus
taining injuries from which he died
an hour later at the navy hospital.
He had been in bad health '.for some
time. It is thought Commander Kel
logg during an attack of vertigo lost
his balance and fell from the window
at which he was sitting.
Loses His Ttalancc During, an .Attack
of Vertigo and Falls From \Vfn-'
dow of a Hotel. :- .
COMMANDER, KELLOGG MEETS "^r
WITH ACCIDENTAL DEATH
WASHINGTON, June 23. — J. Clark
has been commissioned postmaster at
Leeeville, Cal., and Charles F. Nel
eon postmaster at Olalla, Wash.
The following army orders have
been issued: Major John F. Guilfoyle,
assistant adjutant general, and Lieu
tenant Colonel Eldridge R. MUIf, as
sistant adjutant general, are relieved
from duty at the military secretary's
office, to take effect July 15, and both
will proceed to Manila and report for
duty to the commanding general in
the Philippines. Lieutenant Colonel
32dward Davis, assistant adjutant gen
eral, upon his arrival at San Francis
co, will repair to thig city and report
to the military secretary for duty in
his office.
J*resident Issues Commissions to Cal
ifornia and Wellington. Post- -
master*— Army Changes.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
LONDON, June 24. — Few of the
morning papers comment on the
nomination of Roosevelt and Fairr
banks at Chicago, although all of
them print long accounts of .the pro
ceedings. The editorials treat of 1 the
result as a foregone conclusion.
The Morning Post says that if Sen
ator Fairbanks adds little to the
strength of the party ticket, he dan
not-be said to detract from it. The
selection of Fairbanks, the paper
says, as a running mate of "Raose*..
velt, who preferred another, muy'be
regarded not as a revolt 'against
Roosevelt, but .as a hint from the
delegates from the State of New Yqrk;
that the President is not all-powerful.
can Political Situation.
Characteristic Comment Upon Ameri-
LONDON EXPERT OPINION.
Much of the testimony offered at the
afternoon session had to do with the
condition of ' the life' preservers. Al
most without exception the stories of
the witnesses were to the effect that
they were of little value.
In asking an adjournment until Mon
day Mr. Garvin said he hoped to com
plete his case during that day and may
do so in time for the Jury to take it
during the afternoon. Coroner Berry
granted the request and then declared
the inquiry adjourned until Monday.
With the approval of the District
Attorney the members of the crew
who were held at the House of De
tention were released from custody.
The bodies of fifty-one, unidentified
victims of the General Slocum disaster
wtre buried to-day in the Lutheran
Cemetery, Long Island. The bodies of
fifty identified victims, were, also In
terred, a majority of them being rela
tives of the victims already buried.
The Slocum could have been beached
at the foot of One Hundred and Thirty
first street and in from three to five
minutes saved, according to the testi
mony of John Van Gilder, superin
tendent of the New York. New Haven
and Hartford Railroad lighter service.
Captain Edward Van Wart, senior
pilot of the Slocum, said' he was in the
pilot house with his assistant. Weaver,
and Captain Van Schaick. He said it
was about half a minute from the time
the warning was received that the boat
•wag on fire that the captain gave the
crder to beach her. Captain Van Wart
said 250 new life preservers were pur
chased for the Slocum in 1895. ' He
was not sure whether they were ex
amined at the. beginning of the season.
NEW YORK;, June 23.— The Slocum
inquiry was resumed to-day. Captain
Van Schalck was brought in on a
stretcher, but It was decided not to call
him to the stand, and he was taken
back to the hospital.
Is Sent Back to Hospital, the Coroner
Determinlnsr Net to Examine Him.
Victims Burled.
SLOCUM'S- CAPTAIN APPEARS
IN COURT ON STRETCHER
Alabama. Leander J. Bryan; Arkansas. H. L.
Remmel; California. George C. Pardee; Colo
rado, C. FT Ca-swtll; -Connecticut. Charles S.
Mullen; Delaware. Forancjs E. Bradley; Florida,
J. '?»."• Coombeg'; Ge&rgla, Harry S. Edwards;
Idaho*- Weldon B Heyburn; Illinois, Isaac El
wO6d; Indiana, '^V'. It." McKeen; Iowa. George
Curtis: Kaneua W.-JV.T. Donald; Kentucky,
C; F. Weaver; Louisiana.* Emll Kantz; Maine.
Err.eit 11. Ooodall; Maryland. Felix Angus;
'-Massachusetts. ChurU-n (5. "Washburn; Michi
gan.' Charles E. Sweet; Minnesota, Walter E.
•Heffeinngcr; Mississippi, I^^B. Jkloseley; Mis
souri,. Li. B Pierce; Montana. Lee Mantle; Ne
braska, J. B. Wattles; Nevada,;. B. B. Farring
'tofi.'.'New Hampshire. ' R. ¦ W; \pjllsbury; New
Jersey, L. D. Ward; New York, • Chaiincey M.
.Depew;- North Carolina;, E. C. Duncan; North
-Dakota, V. B. Noble; Ohio. George P. -Waldorf;
/Oregon, S. J. Kline;' Pennsylvania, F; L. Rob
.'bins: Rhode Island. H. Martin. ;Brown;. South
Carolina, A. D. Webster; South Dakota, C. E.
¦Andrews; Tennessee,- 1. A. -Lancaster; Texas,
Sloan Simpson; Utah, Wlllafd F. Snyder; Ver
mont, Jarses Hlnkerj Virginia, • S..- Brown
Alden; Washington. • J. C. Lfewls; West
Virginia, J. L. Caldwell;. Wisconsin. Og
den> S. Fathers; Wyoming, ~ C. D^' Clark;
'Alaska, J. W. Ivey; Arizona, ' O. S. Brodle;
District of Columbia. Robert Reyburn; Indian
Territory.' George W. Bingham; New Mexico,
N. A. Otero;' Oklahoma. W, A* Fassett; Porto
Rico, Robert U. Todd; Hawaii, G. A. Knudson.
The chairman of the committee to
notify -' Charles#W. Fairbanks of his
nomination as Vice President will be
the- temporary chairman 'of the con
vention, Ellhu Root of New -York. The
fdrmal notification will be given prob
ably at Indianapolis on August 3.
CHICAGO, June 23.— Following Is the
membership of the committee ap
pointed by the convention to notify
President Roosevelt of his nomination.
By custom, the chairman of the na
tional convention is the chairman of
the notification committee, so Speaker
Cannon will be the one on behalf of
the committee to formally notify the
President. This will be done at Oyster
Bay, July 27:
the President.
Delegates Chosen to Visit the Home of
COMMITTEE ON NOTIFICATION.
The Indiana delegation . In the
House of Representatives this after
noon sent thig dispatch to President
Roosevelt:
The members of the Indiana delegation in the
Houi<e of Representative* congratulate you upon
the unanimity and- enthusiasm of your nomina
tion. Roosevelt and Fairbanks will receive the
electoral vote of Indiana in November.
The Senator andy Mrs. Fairbanks
will leave here to-morrow for Indian
apolis, where they will be tendered a
reception to-morrow night.
Hundreds of telegrams were receiv
ed by the Senator' this evening from
all parts of the country and by night
fall Fairbanks • buttons were every
where to be seen. ¦
The Indiana delegation marched in
a body to the 'Senator's hotel from the
Coliseum and gave' ; him a rousing
greeting, /. s(CJ - : u ;.- , ¦ /i; Utit'SSfr,
Permit me to extend to you and the country
my heartfelt congratulations on your nomina
tion. I need hardly add how pleaded I am per
sonally. THEODORE ROOSEVEL.T.
In reply the Senator telegraphed to
the President:
I thank you for your cordial congratulations.
To-be named by the convention as your asso
ciate in the great campaign that is before ua is
a distinction which I deeply appreciate.
Later in the afternoon the Senator
received this telegram, dated the
White House, June 23:
CHICAGO, Juns 23, 1004.— The President.
Washington: I am pleased to extend to you
my heartiest congratulation* upon your nomi
nation arold great enthusiasm. '
CHARLES W. FAIRBANKS.
CHICAGO, June 23. — Senator Fair
banks was at his hotel when he heard
of the nomination by acclamation of
President Roosevelt and he promptly
sent this telegram:
Nominee Exchanges Felicitous Mes
sages AVlth the President..
FAIRBANKS IS NOTIFIED.
Japanese Poachers Whose Vessel Was
Lost Off Island of Li-inn,- ky Are
. 'Bakon to . Honolulu.
HONOLULU, June 23.— The United
States revenue' cutter Thetis has re
turned here from a trip to the Island of
REVENUE CUTTER THETIS •
; KESCUES WRECKED SAILQRS
BIGGS, June 23. — Jease Baker, ag*«
1 6. a son of J. H. Baker of Avon, em
ployed hauling hay for Senator Ship
pee, mounted a work mule this even
ing to return to the house for the
night. He was thrown by* the ftiulp,
and. his foot catching in the' harness,
he was dragged a mile. When found
young Baker was dead. .
Mnle Draffs Boy to D«»th.
Lisiansky, about 1300 miles to the
northwest of Hawaii, where she went
in search of Japanese poachers.
The Thetis found that the Japanese
schooner Yeiju. with eighty-seven men
on board, had arrived at the island on
January 8 of this year, but that ten
days later had been wrecked in a gale
and ten of the men on board drowned.
The seventy-seven survivors of neces
sity remained on the island. They were
short of provisions, and when the The
tis discovered them they had only 600
pounds of rice left. The Thetis brought
all the survivors to this place, whence
they will be sent back to Japan.
Chairman Cortelyou took luncheon
with the committee at the Coliseum
after the adjournment, and in the even
ing he was in constant conference with
party leaders in his rooms at the Chi
cago Club. Many suggestions were
made to him concerning the selection
of an executive committee and other
matters concerning the coming cam
paign/ He listened to all, saying that
he would give them attention When he
relinquished his duties as a member of
the Cabinet. •' :
A resolution of thanks was voted to
the old committee, and the committee
adjourned to meet upon the call of the
chairman.
invitation from David R. Francis, pres
ident of the Louisiana Purchase Expo
sition, asking the committee to' dine
with him to-morrow night. The thanks
of the committee were voted to Francis
for the courtesy, but it was stated that
the engagements of the members of the
committee would prevent their accept-
The vacancy in the committee from
Louisiana was left to the chairman to
fill. The delegation from that State' is
deadlocked and could not choose a
member.
WASHINGTON, June 23— Paul Mor
ton of Chicago, who was offered the
position of Secretary of the Navy by
President Roosevelt ,to succeed Secre
tary .Moctly^ was in conference .with
the President at the White House to
day. He remained until nearly 11
o'clock, when he left' the White Hoiis?
for the railroad station, saying he was
going to New York. Morton declined
to say whether or not he would accept
the office.. At the executive office also
no statement was forthcoming as to
what conclusion had been reached.
Morton's decision ¦ will -be known to
morrow and it Is understood an official
statement on the subject Will be issued
after the Cabinet meeting. • *
At irregular intervals there has been
some talk that a.- change would b.*
made in the Embassadorship to 'Italy
and that Mr. Meyer might be given an
office in the United States more to his
liking than that of American repre
sentative at the Italian court. Any
suggestion, however, that he/ is being
considered . for a Cabinet place is
scouted in responsible official quarters.
Refuses to Tell Whether or
Not He Will Become a
Member of Official Family
After a selection' by the High School
orchestra Dr. Hunt, the principal of the
school, delivered the diplomas to the
graduates. • • • ¦ . ¦
: The regular June graduation exer
cises at the San Jose Normal School
was held this morning. An audience
was present that completely filled the
assembly, hall. , The decorations were of
bulrushes and sunflowers and the col
ors of the class, two shades of green.
On tte stage beside President M. E.
Dailey were Dr. George C. Adams and
State Superintendent of Schools Kirk.
Rev. L. O. Herrold offered a prayer. A
vocal solo, "My Dreams," was rendered
by Fred F. Moore of Alameda, a grad
uate of the sghool. Dr. George. C,
Adams, pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church of San Francisco, deliv
ered the address to the graduates. His
theme was * Education and Its His
tory." Superintendent Kirk made a few
remarks. John H. Littler, president of
the graduating class, presented the
school with a stained glass window on
behalf of the class, and Roy Andrews
accepted the gift in behalf of the stu
dent body. President Bailey then pre
sented the diplomas to the graduates.
This evening a reception was held at
the school in honor of the graduating
class. • '
SAN JOSE, June 23.— A fashionable
audience crowded the hall at the High
School this morning to witness the an
nual graduation exercises of the school.
The Higrf School orchestra opened the
exercises and the I Rev. J. Wilmer
Gresham followed with an invocation.
Gifford B. West delivered an oration
on "The Mastery of Life," and an es
say, "What Is Worth While?" was
given by Miss Elizabeth C. Geary. A
vocal solo, "Since First I Met Thee,"
was rendered by Miss Serelda Wilson,
and a student lecture, "The Life of a
Roman Child," was. given by Miss
Catharine Brohaska. Miss Marion Os
good- recited "Robert of Sicily," and a
piano solo, "Valse de Concert," was
rendered by Miss Lelah Cambers.
. John McNaught, manager of The San
Francisco Call, delivered the-address to
the graduating class. His subject was
"The Leisure Hour." He said that to
most people the hour of leisure is fully
as valuable as the hour of labor. It
may be said that when at work man
serves society, but when at leisure he
serves himself. In one case he is help
ing to build up civilization and in the
other he is building up his own charac
ter and establishing his personality
as a distinct and independent factor in
the community. The speaker said no
man can afford to neglect the joyous
side of life and so develop within him
self a. wholesome and worthy life that
will be not leas beneficial to the com
munity than the product of h}s most
laborious hours.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Graduates Hold Exercises
Before Big Audience and
Show Result of Their Study
.#
will enjoy the exposition and then visit
New York. R. H. Countryman will go
to St. Louis, Philadelphia and New
York and E. F. Huni; will visit friends
in the State. F. P. Tuttle and William
Van Allen will go to St. Louis, as will
Dr. J. H. Soper and J. H. Fox and
wife. Charles- H." Spear and family
will go to New York, unless the illness
of their son,, why is in Berkeley, de
mands their immediate return home,.
They are awaiting a telegram as to his
condition.
DIPLOMAS THEIR PBIZE
"I was at his home in Washington
last winter," she said, "and many men
cams to see him in resrard to his be
ing a candidate for Vice President. I
am of course very proud that he
should have been nominated, and par
ticularly since there was . such a
strong demand for him that he could
hardly do otherwise than accept. : 1
think the position he now has is one
of the most honorable thrvt a man
can have in politics. .There is a great
deal of influence and dignity about
the Senate and a great many oppor
tunities to do eood."
SPRIXGFIELD, Ohio, June, 23,—
The mother of Senator Fairbanks', Mrs.
Mary Adelaide Fairbanks, lives in this
city with her daughter, Mrs. M. ¦ I.
Milligan. She is 74 years old. She is
of the opinion that > hpr son would
ha\\i preferred to remain a Senator
instead of becoming the nominee for
Vice President.
Aged Mrs. Fairbanks Proud of Her
Son's Dlstlngnlshcd Post. ;
NOMINEE'S MOTHER PLEASED.
George A. Knight of California had
a voice which fairly thundered
through the hall. The orator from
the Golden Gate City had the conven
tion with him from the flrst. ' His
speech was pointed, and Knight
proved to be a man of phrases. The
California 'delegates started a parade
around the convention hall at the
close of Knight's speech.
When New Jersey asked for unani
mous consent that the roll be dispensed
with and that th« secretary of the con
vention be instructed to cast the entire
vote for Mr. Roosevelt the response
was general and every State accepted
the opportunity of casting its entire
vote for the President.
(Pandemonium ' broke loose again
when the speaker announced that there
were 994 votes and 994 had been.ca/st
fcr Mr. Roosevelt.' A great picture of
the President was carried . about
through the hall. It was followed by a
banner carried by the Oregon delega
tion bearing the words:
"First gun, Oregon, 23,844. Forty per
cent Republican gain." ' »
The usual resolutions of. thanks to
officers of the convention and to com
mittees on arrangements were adopted
before the great, body was adjourned.
Speaker Cannon came in for Nine of
the resolutions, and he bluehed like a
schoolboy as the word-bouquet was
given him. He made eleven speeches
during the day, each of a few crisp
original sentences, introducing the
eleven orators. His audience never tired
of watching or hearing him. He was a
t-auc* to the proceedings. His jerky
walk to and from the peninsula of the
platform that projected into the audi
ence amused eve/-y one. He kept a tight
hold on the right hand of each speaker
with his right hand and swung the
gavel in his left. The wide sweep of
th *ieavy mallet rather terrified mem
bers of the press who were within
range, for sometimes their heads es
caped by not more than an inch.
"When Speaker Cannon spoke his
whole body shook, his left arm made
full circles, both legs j vibrated and
even his toes could be seen working
up and down in his shoes. His control
of the convention was complete.
After the crowd ' had yelled itself
hoarse it permitted the band to par
ticipate in the demonstration.. The
leader chose patriotic music, and the
familiar words were taken up by the
convention and sung with earnestness.
The music- changed to ragtime and
the convention found' cheering was
better timed to the music. Several
times Speaker Cannon .walked out on
the projection to the platform extend
ing' between rows of press seats and
lifted his hands for order. The crowd
thought he was leading the applause
and paid no attention.
Roosevelt as the best example of that
type the convention arose. The New
York delegation led in the cheering,
which almost 'immediately spread to
every part of the lloor, to the gal
leries and to the crowds which : filled
the entrances and overflowed into the
streets.
DECISION KEPT SECEET
Continued From Pace i t Column 7.
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
CALIFORNIA ELOQUENCE TRIUMPHS
CHEERS SHAKE COLISEUM'S WALLS
Confers With the President
Relative to Accepting a
Place in the Cabinet
End of School Days Conies
for Large Number of Pupils
of San Jose High School
MORTON VISITS
WHITE HOUSE
STUDENTS TAKE
UP LIFE'S WORK
CONVENTION ADJOURNS SINE DIE
AFTER NAMING OF COMMITTEES
TO NOTIFY PARTY'S NOMINEES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, I FRIDAY, JUNE,. .,24, 190*.
Continued Prom Page 1, Column _ 6.
nun puce,
Get engaged in haste and break it at
leisure.
WASHINGTON, June 23. — The Navy
Department has been notiOed that
Grace Herreid, daughter of Governor
Charles Herreid of South Dakota, has
been* Invited by the Union Iron Works,
San Francisco, to christen the armored
cruiser South Dakota, now building at
that place.
Inrfted to Christen New Cruiser!
2
' . ADVEBTISEMENTSL^ -V^-
•"-.-¦' ¦ .'. . • '• '."¦ '_ ¦ .-^. ,. $ - ¦.
If *every mother knew what many mothers do /^05^
know about pur values in boys' clothes we would have
the entire trade of San Francisco in juvenile clothing.
Many mothers have found out that they can save /00^^S^^^^S^
in our store from $2.00 to $4.00 on suits, according W^^^^^^^S
to the quality of suit they purchase. That's why we '^ • «^^^^
are growing. ,
Compare our $3.50 suits with what you see \ <*e£&&&£i'^.
elsewhere for $£.00. . That's the way to tell. Make I -iS^^^^f^
a purchase. If. you don't find our $3.50 suits equal ;^^^%^5^P^
in every. way to the usual $>.00 garments ot other
stores we will refundyour money and do it willingly. '{/ ' r IS|||jP
What more can we say or offer?
To-day we mention the Eton suit as pictured on ffa- y * v^£«1m
the right, which we are selling for $3.50. It is 'fe^pp^^^^i
made from an all w >ol rough twill blue cheviot, which
we guarantee for color and quality. The extra linen t^&^prfS
collar goes with the, suit at no extra cost. The ages I^^^SS?
are from 3 to 9 years. A great many stores are [M^^^
selling these little suits for SxOO, but our price is iMWW^^
• ¦ ¦¦'¦ $n.5o • - iijTli
. * • ¦ - . • . *
. ..^- ~"' —..-. We place on sale today a few Russian blouse
-¦'\.r^^^^M : rj0^i>'. suits from a larce line of these garments which for-
/ .^%'§^^^^^^';vf&N mcrlv sold for $6.00. As there are so few. suits left
! ¦i^WHSpPS'i vve Wl11 scl1 tiem lor S375-
j 'f^^^^^^^^^^^^pf These Russian blouse suits arc made with pretty
'''^1^^^*"®^^^^^^^^^ sailor collars and shields elegantly embroidered. The
'"#^>^^^P^ " collar is trimmed with rows of soutache braid and
embroidered . emblems. There are four styles of
....-•••¦¦' ,$^ v1||f^W •-.. ; trimmings in the assortment. The ages are from 3
{ It is one of the best values we have offered in
F *^ f '-^^Mm§S^ ¦'• -&\ many a day. A Saving of $2.25 is certainly unusual.
- 4^*' •3iP$*^^3^i :i^^^^^ These, are regular $6 garments, but the sale price is
&:£. '•^^l^l^^^^^v ' ' Ladies' Panama hats blocked or unblocked with
' * /- : > :^- V j:<\ ¦" \> -. ' wide brims at $1.00-
v jV-V.'-V: -^:>^#^^?^^^?MyI Children's crash hats sailor style in red, light or
:^^MSW:^&^^' <* ark blue ' whitc or tan at 25C and 45c
l^^^Wr^ Pampas grass Mexican sombreros in large and
%^?^^4^ ' Ladies' and boys' cowboy hats, with large or small
'"v^iffl ' brims, with leather bands at $1-25, $130, $1-50 and
§j§gssi ¦ Boys' royal khaki suits for summer wear; just the
tfissxi '" ' thing for play suits; coat and long pants; made up in
. - Norfolk style; sizes from* 4 to 17 years at $1.50 a suit.
**^ ; ' 740 Market Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
Exclusive
High-Grade Clothiers
No Branch Stores. No Agcnte.
GOOD, SMART CLOTHES
THAT POSSESS MERIT,
MAD.E ACCURATELY
WITH GOOD INTENTIONS,
SIGNIFY QUALITY
AND DEPENDABILITY.
THAT'S THE KIND -WE SELL-
K'earny Street
T h u r 1 o w Block
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H^ARRIVED
The Wonder-Worker
FROM LONDON.
Makes the Blind Sse, the Deaf
Hear, the Lame Walk, and Cures
the Weak, Nervous Dyspeptic,
Rheumatic, Paralytic, Catarrhal
and Consumptive in a Most Re-
markable Manner by a New Sys-
tem of Medicine From Europe.
FREE! FREE!
j
Extraordinary Offer to the Sick
and Afflicted. \
—ABBO will rive his services entire-
ly free until cured to all who apply
before July 1. No charges except
for necessary medicines.
—ABBO'S Cures have created a sen-
sation all over America, have puz-
zled the medical fraternity and
astonished the world. His system
is entirely his own and he^ protects
his patients by taking no case he
cannot assure a permanent cure. If
your case is incurable he will tell
you s«o. A!f=o caution against spend-
ing- more money for useless treat-
ment.
•—ABBO performs cures whichi will
astonish the skeptical, set the, se-
rious to thinking and convince the
doubtful. Xo matter what the dis-
ease, how bad, how long standing
or hopeless the case, they are amen-
able to this -new and wonderful
pystem of treatment. ABBO IX-
.STITUTE. 2<2 Post street.
Regular price 82.OO-
I have full sets of STAB SAFETY
BAZOBS, tip to $25.00- The Razor
for easy shaving.
OTHEK BAZOBS, as low as
Sl.OO- "ade of finest material. Be«t
tempered eteel blade that will hold
edge.
A POCKET XXTXTE for Sl.OO.
That's my special price for a high-
grade knife.
Razor Strops, from 2!>c up.
Two bars "William's 10c Shaving
Soap. 15c-
Out of town orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. TV. PITTS, The Stationer.
1008 2KABXET ST.. Aboye PowelL
SAN FRANCISCO.
PAINEiS CELEBY COB1POPND.
"LIKE A NEW MAN!"
• •••••••••••••, »...«»..»» Braced — Invigorated — Cured — By tha
t _ _ _ ¦ _ • ¦ ' , ? Celebrated Nerve Yltallzer
' ?^^I^^^^^^^hP^ -^ ¦'' QuicWy "'•¦to"* ***¦ Buil»«M Maa
JOSEPH W. BUJDEMO!. , ;; Dnxytrlrt TO-BAY— Get one
, «A New Man" After Two Tear, of „ Celery Compound-**.
« . » . . . . u"! « ¦ . ¦ '» .*» '* ¦ ¦'¦¦! t - how PirrEBEirr it wUl mate you feel.SHERIFF FARLEY'S SLAYER
TRYING TO CHEAT GALLOWS
Suesser, Whose Hangins; Is Set for
Next Month, Seeks Reprieve by
Feigning Insanity.
SAN QUENTIN, June 23. — George
Suesser, who Is to be executed on July
15 for the murder of Sheriff Farley of
Monterey County on October 17, 189D,
is feigning insanity. He has been act
ing very queerly for the last few days,
refusing to cat or to converse with
any one. It is supposed that he has
learned of Leung Ock's reprieve and
hope's to gain a stay of- execution by
showing mental derangement. War
den Tompkins will await developments
and 'if he is convinced, that Suesser is
mentally unbalanced will ask the State
Board of Lunacy Commissioners to
examine him.
RATE OF ONE FAKE ' «
FOR Tins; ROUND TRIP
Transcontinental Passenger Agents
Make Concession to Delegates to
Miners* Convention at Portland. -
ST. PAUL, June 23.— A rate of one
fare for the round trip .was granted for
the American Mining Association's Na
tional "Convention, which meets at
Portland, Oregon, August 22, . by the
transcontinental passenger agents in
session here to-day. .
Reliable gas ranges 916 60, regular
price $30. this week only^at 8. F. «ias
& Electric Co., 415 Post st. • •
WILLOWS, June 23. — J. Miner, a
tramp, who was held on a charge of
grand larceny and who refused to
walk out of Jail when Swift made his
break for liberty, on the 7 th inst., was
to-day Miner had been
given employment as. cook on a ranch
near, here. Finding a large sum of
money missing, « which had been
secreted in a cupboard by the farmer's
wife. Sheriff Bailey was summoned
and searched the cook, with the result
that the amount of money stolen and
in the - same denominations was
found on his person. Strong circum
stantial evidence was. presented by the
prosecution, but no direct proof could
be Drought forth, and, as the defend
ant had acted so meritoriously at the
time of the Jail delivery, he was given
his freedom.
Judge Takes Cognizance of Wander
er's Conduct During Jail Break
and Sets Him Free.
COURT ACQUITS TRAMP
WHO REFUSED LIBERTY
GOVERNOR PARDEE WILL
SPEAK AT DEDICATION
ST. LOUIS, June 23.— The California
section in the Palace of Agriculture
will be dedicated next Tuesday after
noon at 3 o'clock. Speeches will be
made by President D. R. Francis and
Governor George C. Pardee of Cali
fornia. A card reception will be given
in honor of Governor Pardee in the
California State building In, the even-
Ing.
Relief trains have been sent from
Teruet, capital of the province, and 72
miles northwest of Valencia.
The victims were mostly gendarmes.
In addition to the large death list it
Is feared many were injured.
The bridge took fire and the engine
fell into the river, dragging a number
of coaches behind it. A terrific storm
was raging at the time and the wind
fanned the flames. Some of the coaches
were caught on the projecting parts
of the bridge and hung in mid air. By
the light of the burning bridge passen
gers could bg seen Jumping into the
river.
MADRID, June 23. — Thirty persons.
were killed last night in a train wreck
in the province of Teruet (one of the
most mountainous in Spain, abound
ing in torrents). The train was de
railed on a bridge over the Jlloca River
and the coaches were burned.
Death of a Former Assemblyman.
PETALUMA, June 23.— Thomas H.
Estey, former Assemblyman from Ma
rin County and County Assessor, died
to-day at his home in San Antonio dis
trict. He was a pioneer resident of
Marin, and served Marin County as its
representative on the board that formu
lated the new State constitution. Es
tey was a member of the San Rafael
Odd Fellows and of the Nicaslo Grove
of Druids.
Attorney Dies at Auburn.
AUBURN, June 23. — Charles Tut
tle. a well-known attorney and brother
of Fred P. Tuttle, one of the delegates
to the National Republican Conven
tion, died her to-day of consumption.
Death of Colonel Thomas Sedgwlck.
SAN DIEGO. June 23. — Colonel Thom
as Sedgwick, aged 79 years, died here
to-day. He was a member of a Texas
regiment in the Civil War. and made
the Texas and Pacific survey In 1869. *
REPRIEVE IS GRANTED
MURDERER BY GOVERNOR
Execution or Chinese Delayed to En
able Lunacy Board. to Determine
as to Hi* Sanity.
SAN RAFAEL. June .23. — Leon&
Ock, a Chinese, condemned to death
at San Quentih on July 26. y*111 not
hang on that date. He has been
granted a reprieve of thirty days.
Warden Tompkins received the docu
ment to-day.
Leong Ock was examined some time
ago for mental incompetency. The
Lunacy Board pronounced his case
dubious and the reprieve is the result
of its request for time to make a study
of the Mongol's mind. .'¦*•-/
Bishop JIcLarcii Is Improving Slow ly.
NEW YORK. June 23.— Bishop Mc-
Laren of the Protesant Episcopal dio
cese of Chicago, who Ijas been suffer
ing from heart trouble, is still, confined
to his cottage at Point Pleasant. N. J..
but Is said to be recovering slowly.
Travelers Meet Death in
Cars That Fall From Bum
ing Bridge Into Torrent
THIRTY PEOPLE
DIE IN WRECK
Noble grand arch, Charles Delege of
Stockton Grove 118: deputy grand
arch, W. G. Antonlvich of Golden Star
Grove 104 of San Francisco; grand
secretary, James F. ' Martinoni \ of
Galielo Grove 37 of San Francisco;
grand treasurer, Frank J. Horn of
Hesperia Grove 15 of San Francisco;
grand marshal. M. Pozzi of Helvetia
Grove 151 of San Francisco; grand
guardian. G. H. Bertram Nora of
Modesto Grove 5; grand trustees, C. F.
"Wedemeyer of Old Friends Grove 139
of San Francisco, D. Giovannini of
Sunset Grove 153 of San Francisco,
H. A. Cramer of Elmhurst Grove 143
of Elmhurst. F. Charbonie of Magnolia
Grove 97 of Los Angeles and W. Galla
gher " of Columbia Grove 140 of San
Francisco; grand supreme representa
tives, C. A. Guglielmoni of Monteverde
Grove 128 of San Francisco! Ed H.
Goetz of San Francisco and M. H. Her
man of San Francisco; grand alter-
• SANTA CRUZ, June 23.— The elec
tion of officers of the Grand Grove of
Druids to-day produced a spirited con
test. The session . lasted from" 10 to 3,
when an adjournment was taken for
half a hour. At the end of that time >
delegates again took up the fight, and'
elected the following:
Special Dispatch to The Call
Delegates to Santa Cruz
Convention Elect Stockton
Man as Noble Grand Arch
DELEGE CHOICE
OF THE DRUIDS
In the death of ', Professor George
Bates, who passed away at Santa Cruz
last Tuesday^ California | has lost one
of the most prominent educators con
nected with its history. Less than half
a ' century ago Bates ' Academy
was one of the most popular pre
paratory schools Id the State. Mr. Bates
was so proficient in this work that his
services were sought by the Regents of
the University as soon as this institu
tion came under State control.
There are quite a number of promi
nent men to-day who received their
training in Bates Academy and who
are Justly proud -of their alma, mater.
The news of* their former master's
death will touch them greatly. His San
Francisco school was first established
on Hyde street, but was removed later
to 2310 Clay street.
The funeral will take place to-day at
2 o'clock from his late residence on Clay
street. Services will be held at the cre
matorium in the Odd Fellows* Ceme
tery.
READER TAKES
A WELL-KNOWN
SCHOOLMASTER
"The 'enemy has occupied the vil
lage of Sapenhai, twenty-five miles
northeast* of Seimatze, and is firmly
entrenched."
"The Japanese have fortified Kuan
diansian, mounted eighteen guns, with
a strong screen.
"The Japanese are erecting field
fortifications on the road from Siuyen
to Kaichou. j
"The .enemj's outposts have occu
pied the pass between Heangrabei and
Palchang. on the northern road, nine
and a half miles cast of Siakhotan, and
ihe Chapan Pass, seven and a- half
miles south of Siakhotan.
"A movement of strong Japanese
mounted patrols, with infantry sup
ports, was noted June 20 from 5
o'clock in the afternoon onward. We
had no losses in the fighting which
ensued, while the Japanese had sev
eral killed and wounded.
"General Kurokl's advance from
Siuyen has been suspended, evidently
to effect an alignment, of the two
armies.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 23. — Em
peror Nicholas has received the fol
lowing dispatch from General Kuro
patkin. under date of June 21:'
"A Japanese army from Kaichou is
gradually advancing northward.
Says Japanese Army From Kalchou
Is Advancing X or inward.
KUROPATKIN MAKES REPORT.
Japanese Arc, Watching Kuropatkin.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 23.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin's latest official dis
patches show the Japanese to be ac
tive north of Fengwangcheng. The
movement in the direction is inter
preted as a threat to detain as many
Russians as possible in the northern
part of the Liaotung Peninsula and as
a protection of the Japanese flank
against a counter movement on the
part of General Kuropatkin in case
the opposing armies should become
seriously engaged in the vicinity of
Haicheng.
ST. PETERSBURG, June , 23.— The
general staff has received the following
dispatch from -Lieutenant General J5ak
haroff, under date of June 22:
"At 8 o'clock in the morning of June
21 the Japanese vanguard resumed its
advance against our outposts four miles
south of Senuchen. The outposts retired
slowly toward Senuchen,. and farther
on in the direction of Kaichau.
"At noon a Japanese column, consist
ing of nine squadrons of cavalry, a bat
tery and a considerable, number of in
fantry, was observed advancing in the
'direction of Senuchen. Other strong
columns of the enemy appeared, and
the Japanese occupied Senuchen toward
evening with over a division of in
fantry, a brigade of cavalry and thirty
two guns. ' % -.
"The Japanese did not advance be
yond Chapan Pass In the direction of
Tanohi, and the enemy on the morning
of the 22d had not occupied fhe^ pass
between Paltsepei and Panchingine, .on
the Siuyen Liaotang road. No new
movements have been noticed here.
' "Our scouts report that a large de
tachment of all arms advanced from
Siuyen to Kharnza on the morning of
June 22. A battalion of the enemy, tak
ing advantage of a thick fog, tried to
surprise our vanguard near Vandia
pudze, on the Siuyen-Halcheng road.
"The movement was discovered in
time and the Japanese recelyed volleys
from five companies of Russians. The
enemy retired, with small losses, to
ward Siuyen. One Russian sharpshoot
er was wounded. The Japanese occu
pied Vafangtien, on the main road to
Liaoyang, on the evening of June 19
with a battalion of infantry and a
squadron of cavalry. A detachment of
the same strength occupied Changdieu,
in the valley of the Tsuo River, seven
miles north of Fengwangcheng."
Er*ci*l Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. June 23.— There Is
again hope for the immediate release
«>f Ion Perdicaris end Cromwell Varley,
who are held for ransom by the Moor
ish bandit, Raissouli. The curt de
mand. "Perdicaris alive Raissouli
dead," made upon the Sultan of Mo
rocco yesterday at tht direction of •Sec
retary Hay, has borne fruit. Consul
General Guxnmere has cabled the State
Department that Zelal, one of the most
influential Moorish chieftains, had con
sented to act as agent through whom
the ransom trill be exchanged for the
liberty of the captives. It was neces
sary to assure Zela! that his participa
tion In the negotiations would not later
bring down upon him the displeasure
cf the Sultan.
Consul Gummere states that he hopes
the release of the captives will be ef
fected to-day or to-morrow.
TANGIER, June 23.— Gray dawn was
breaking when the ransom party, head
ed by Prince Achmid. Shereef of
Waran, made ready to leave Tangier.
Orders had come from Mohammed El
Torres during the night that there
should be no further delay. The road
to Fez as far as the house of Perdi
caris, at half past five, was crowded
with curious villagers. The Shereef
and his attendants led the way and
an escort of twenty of the Sultan's
soldiers carrying Mausers followed.
Prisoners, forty-three in number, un
shackled, walked in the throng. Then
catr.e a number of pack mules laden
with carpets, tents and stores.
The Sultan is credited with the In
tention of punishing Raissouli himself
•w ithout waiting to be asked to do so
fcy the powers.
SENATOR PLfATT IS SUED
FOR $3,000,000 DAMAGES
Litigation Grows Oat of Alleged
frauds in Connection With Cutting
of Timber Land in Michigan.
CHICAGO. June 23.— James Donovan,
eurvivins partner of the firm of Dono
van & Co., has brought suit apAnst
Thoma? C. Platt of New York and J.
Plait Underwood of Chicago for $3,000.
i«"-0 damages. The suit grows out of
the alleged frauds in connection with
The cutting of timber land in Michigan.
CHEFU, June 23.— It is reported here
that the. Japanese made a determined
attack upon Port Arthur from land and
sea yesterday,* June 22. and also during
the night. Two steamers Just arrived
passed Port Arthur at 1 o'clock this
morning some distance oft* shore. The
captains, both reliable men, say they
did not hear any firing at that hour.
CHICAGO. June 23.— A special to the
Dally News from Chefu says:
Reconnaissance in force of the ap
proaches to Port Arthur was made yes
terday by a Japanese flotilla of three
destroyers and four torpedo-boats,
which ran In from the .east about noon
and cruised along the whole bluff, com
ing out past Laothieshan promontory.
As the flotilla steamed along it was
heavily engaged with the forts, but ap
parently suffered no damage, although
a signal mast of one of the torpedo
boats was knocked out of shape as if
struck by a shell. The operation was
backed ay some distance by two cruis
ers, one .of which appeared to be the
Yakuma,' while- one auxiliary cruiser, a
noted San Francisco liner, the" Nippon,
or a sister ship, acted as sea scout in
the rear.
Shortly afterward heavy firing began
on the land side, lasting intermittently
until dusk.
RUSSIANS ATTACK OUTPOSTS.
Major Kubota Is Killed and Nine
Men Are Wounded.
GENERAL, KUROKI'S HEAD
QUARTERS IN THE FIELD, via Fu
san, Korea, June 23. — Russians from
Saimak attacked the Japanese out
posts in force yesterday afternoon, ap
parently -for the purpose of testing
their strength. The Russian force con
sisted of two regiments of cavalry, one
of infantry and one battery of artil
lery. The enemy was defeated and
retired toward Shintailing. The Rus
sians are supposed to have sustained
considerable loss. On the Japanese
side Major Kubota was killed and nine
men were wounded.
A party of foreign military attaches,
which was on a visit to the" outposts,
probably witnessed the fighting.
Cossacks Fall Into an Ambush.
LIAOYAXG, Wednesday. June 22
(Delayed in transmission). — Another
Cosrack detachment has fallen into an
ambush of Japanese infantry, losing a
number of men wounded.
nates supreme representatives, Dr. G.
W. Slckel of Yosemite Grove 163 of
San Francisco, E. C. Luchessa of
Galileo Grove 37 of San "Francisco and
H. Menke of Hesperla Grove 15 of
San Francisco.
' The Grand Grove voted to increase
the salary "of the grand arch from
$700 to 51000. The per capita tax was
fixed at 70 cents on 10,098 members, and
$7000 was appropriated to cover the ex
penses of the coming . year. Stockton
was unanimously chosen as the next
place of meeting of the Grand Grove.
. A pleasant feature of the afternoon
was the presentation to the retiring
noble grand arch, George Beck, of an
elegant gold watch and chain and
charm, suitably inscribed. Grand
Treasurer F. J. Horn was presented
jtvith an elaborate pin.
The newly elected officers were in
stalled by Noble Grand Arch Godeau
of San Francisco, and to-night a grand
banquet was held.
A month a%n the State Department
was forewarned of approaching trouble
by its agents in Hayti, and has been
watching the little republic closely,
keeping an available force near at
hand. * " .
The Detroit, which went from Do
minican waters to participate in the
Nova Scotlan celebration, will return
to San Domingo, as it is proposed by
the Navy Department to keep three
vessels close to Hayti and San Do
mingo.
The most serious feature of the af
fair is that the attack was noV made
by an irresponsible mob, but oy the
palace guards, which directly connects
the Haytien Government with the oc
currence. ''
"The French and German Ministers,
with their ladies, while passing the
palace in .their carriages yesterday,
were >. stoned by' the palace guards.
French Minister slightly injured. Apol
ogy demanded, but none given.
Thougnf. to have cabled their govern
ments." , -* •'
PARIS, June 23.— The Foreign Office
has received a dispatch from * M. de
Prez, the French Minister at Port au
Prince, Hayti, saving that while he and
the German Minister were driving past
the palace yesterday .they were at
tacked and stoned by soldiers forming
the palace guard. M. de Prez was
struck on the leg by a stone and was
slightly injured. The Ministers' wives,
who were in another carriage, were
also pelted. The wife of the French
Minister is an American.
Officials here consider it certain that
France will make an energetic demand
for redress. One French warship is
near the scene and another is at the
French naval headquarters in the i » est
Indies.*
It is expected that Germany also
will make a demand for redress.
WASHINGTON. June 23.—Contirma
tion of the reported attack on the
French and German, Ministers in Haytt
came to the State Department to-day
in the following cablegram from Min
ister Powell at Port au Prince, dated
June 22: .
An Energetic Demand for
Redress Will Be Made Upon
the Haytien Government
Zi'lal Agrees to Act as In
termediary When Assured
of Protection From Ruler
MINISTER IS INJURED
RANSOM PARTY STARTS
Heavy Firing Heard on the
Land Side Continues
Until Dusk.
Vanguard of the Mikado's
Forces Fails to Surprise
the Enemy. •.-.
TOKIO, June 23. — The Marquis
Oyama, formerly marshal and chief of
the general staff, has been appointed to
the supreme command of the imperial
armies in the tield. His chief of staff
will be Lieutenant General Kodama,
late chief of general staff. Their posi
tions vacated on the general staff in
this city.will be filled by Field Marshal
Yamagata and Major General Nagaoka.
Lieutenant General Kodania
Will Serve as His Chief
of Staff.
Mikado Appoints Marquis
Oyama to Command of
Armies in Field.
Secretary's Cable. "Perdi
caris Alive or v Raissonli
Dead," Stirs Up the Sultan
Japanese Flotilla Engages
in a brisk Battle With
the Forts.
Japanese Occupy Senuchen
and Russians Retire To
ward Kaichau.
Throw Stones at Represen
tatives of Germany and
France at Port Au Prince
HAY'S DEMAND
BEARS FRUIT
CRUISERS BACK UP TORPEDO-BOATS
IN AN ATTACK UPON PORT ARTHUR
PALACE GUARDS
DISPLAY ANGER
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1004.
3
' ¦;•* ¦ ¦ • • ADVERTISEMENTS. -^ '.¦¦.-!
jam*. 1 The Merit of Oiir Merchandise
JsPljlJ SSiSfcfS ; Accounts forVQur Steady
W^n^f^m ~" f Growth from Year to Year
Jfl^^^f^^^^^^'O-H; The above statement is the story of our growth
•^^^^^^«P1^ in a nutshell. To it we might add that the public
'¦mBm/^^^^^K^^ •"""• has a pp reciated our courteous and llberaI wa y of
: |^^^^^^«|i^ ;;-J?3^^^^i^ But above everything responsible for our suc-
-cess-is the merit of our merchandise. The goods
have always been better than the price would indi-
Vi^3p5f!j!pr cate because we undersell other scores. When a
. J^p^p^|i^fc8£S??|^ ai customer gets a suit that wears better than he thinks
lip; i^pfel^fcl'%^ it will nothing will take him from the store that gives
.¦.^¦H^^^^^^pS^P^'^" It's the customers that come and come^ again t
' : '"' iSilP^^ 7 and the new customers who are all the time, coming
m®^ 'fciE^li^ that has built our business in 'ten years to the largest
WS^ ; ' • ' Can you afford to buy your clothes elsewhere
jllpfy when you can buy them for less money from us ?
j||p§ .^^fefe^~:k»ijj.. Ready-to-wear suits and overcoats from $8.50
v-Jfc Suits As Pictured $ 8.50 |
- 740 Market Street
CASTOR I A
£ox Infants and Childrsn-
11)8 Kind. Yon Have Always Bough!
Bears tha >jj? SZf}?-*-^
Signature of C^f^>^f)f J'&/e/uA£
Tonka, the usual cheat for
vanilla, costs one or two cents
for^a certain mount;
Schilling's Best vanilla a dol-
lar.
One is strong; the other is
fine. One is rank; the other is
delicate. Nevertheless four-
fifths of "vanilla" is tonka.
The oS cents accounts for it.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Clothes Comfort
-^r \^Qr — * you want
(K0|ll|M^
In Bf Ann
mMA Summer
/M'f fif Time
"We can both be outfitted here."
"Roos=Made"
Outing: Suits
arc built for comfort and ease in every line. Light and
cool, they are the most adaptable for all negligee wear.
They're good for the seashore, the mountains, the coun-
try—good to wear at home for business too. . . .
Swell homespun effects.
$7.50 to $25.00.
<L We arc showing a tailor-made Khaki Suit, made
of the best quality — has snap and will wear well.
Now at $4.50.
G, Also Khaki Riding Breeches. . . • • •
<L A full line of Suit Cases just received. .
Our Price $5.00 and $5.50.
Similar but not as good sold elsewhere for $8.00. . •
ROOS BROS.
KEARNY AT P6ST.
. ¦ PBAQEBS '
There Will Be
Something Doing
To-Day.
Don't. Miss It*.
IJg^ AI7WMTS RELIABLE j
1238- 1250 MARKET ST.o&yContinued on Pace 7, Column 1.
Continued on Page 6, Column 3.
SACRAMENTO, June 23. — The Board of
Supervisors, by. a unanimous vote, , elected X>.
W. Carmlchael, a Democrat. County Treasurer,
vice ' A. W. Greenlaw, deceased, who was a
Republican. - \
Almighty put too much gold tn the lap of old
Mother Earth. Forsaking their traditions, they
no longer champion free trade. They clamor
only for a Republican revision of the Dlnglry
tariff. Has It come to this, that with Cham
berlain of England they are at last openly be
come protectionists? They now seem really
anxious to keep the American flag where it K
regardless and unmindful of whether the con
stitution follows the flag or the flag follows
the constitution. Truly, can any good thing
come out of this Democratic chaos? Jn fifty
history-making, creative years j hat policies,
domestic or. foreign, fiscal or Industrial, expan
sive or constructive, has the- Democratic party
embodied into the national thought or wm«a
Our Democratic frienda tn this year of grace
are destined to bo mere tdle dreamers and
only seem of visions. Dlssentlous they lack
faith and have no Issue. Why, Just now they
are trying to let go of the "Orator of the
Platte" and his fustian "cross of gold." They
now say. that "free silver" is dead because th.
¦ Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: Responsive to tho swelling chorus of
millions of voices from all over the republic w«
are here to name as our standard bearer the gift
ed son of the Empire State, who has in his
makeup all the resolute, spirit aijd vigor of the
Imperial West and ' in whose veins courses the
rich, warm blood of the dauntless Southland
Nominat'ng and seconding speeches here are of
no moment, for his nomination has already
been made by the American people themselves!
We have only to select his running-mate, pro
claim the doctrines of our faith and go forth
and overwhelm once more the cohorts of a dis
tracted, distempered and dlsmemhered Democ
rocy. »¦
Joseph-^ B.- Cotton Pays Glowing
Tribute to Presidential Nominee.
CHICAGO, June 23. — Joseph B. Cot
ton of Minnesota, another seconder" of
the name of Roosevelt for President.
said:
FROM MINNESOTA.
; It * is pot pretended that the section . from
which I come to you Is, as .a section, in
sympathy with, your' political 'party. But I
am as sure aa that I stand here that the
HIS FEARLESS HONESTY.
Coming into the position of the martyred
McKlnley, tho youngest chief magistrate that
has ever nlled the Presidential chair, without
the * privilege and advantage of preliminary
discussion and consultation, he gave the coun
try a - pledge that he would I carry out the
policies of his predecessor. It was a master
stroke of genius, applauded alike North and
South. His- -conception of the duties of his
high office, as formulated by him at Harvard,
was "to serve all alike, weiu to act in a
spirit of fairness and justice to all men and
to give each man his rights," . He has kept
this pltdgt; he fas lived up to this flne con
ception of his duty. This pledge Involved a
completion of the work begun In Cuba and
an honorable discharge of the promises made
to our struggring neighbor. The flag of an
Independent republic floats over Havana to
day, and" all men know that we have kept
faith with the Cuban people. Leaving: the
details to engineers, he has cut as by a single
stroke the Panama canal, through mountains
of prejudice and centuries of ignorance. In
tho. far Philippines our flag floats,, a guarantee
of '.redemption, pacification and development.
His conception of duty has led him Into dif
ficult places In dealing with the internal af
fairs of our. own country; he has met every
issue bravely and ably and demonstrated not
only that prompt and decided action Is often
the highest expression of conservatism, hut
that It 1« safe to trust the impulse of a man
who is essentially and instinctively honest.
Fellow countrymen. • after nearly four years
of I Theodore Roosevelt we find the army and
navy on a better footing, . our trade expended,
the country 'at peace and prosperous and our
flag respected In every quarter of the globe.
The American people will not withhold from
him the applause of manly hearts. I am
proud that my State, the Empire State of the
South, shares in the glory of his achievement*.
as It will share in their benefits.
TO SERVE ALL ALIKE, WELL.
Tho childhood of. the good woman who bore
him was cast nfear where the Atlantic flows In
over the marsh and the sand. There she first
built her a home in the greatness of God.
Womanhood found her within 1 the uplifting
view of the mountains in a land over which
the Almighty inverts a sapphire cup by day
and sets his brightest stars on guard, by night.
And there, fellow countrymen, the soul of your
President was born. Those, of us who know
and love him catch in the. easy flow of his
utterance and feel in its largeness of thought
and contempt of littleness the rhythm of the
ocean on tho Georgian sands and the spirit of
the deep.' In his lofty Ideals and hopefulness.
In his fixedness of purpose and unchanging
rock-ribbed honesty, we -Bear the mountains
calling-. In hie darjng. his Impulsive courage,
his unconquerable manhood, we see his great
brother, the Georgia volunteer, Jn the hand to
hand fights of the Wilderness, tho Impetuous
rush up the heights of Gettysburg and the de
fiance of overwhelming odds from Chattanooga
to . Atlanta. We look at him as a Georgian
Dbroad, and If In the providence of God It may
be bo we ehall welcome him homo some day,
not as a prodigal son, who has wasted his man
hood, but as one who on every field of endeavor
has hnr.oreJ his mother and worn the victor's
wreath.
CHICAGO, June 23. — Harry Still-,
well Edwards of Georgia spoke on be
half of the Roosevelt nomination' as
follows:
It Is eminently fit and proper that a
Georgian should on this occasion second the
eloquent speaker from New York that the
voice of the. Motherland should blend with the.
voice of the Fatherland to declare that the des-*
tlnies of America shall for four years more be
intrusted to the great son born cf the Union
of the two empire States.
I do not belittle the Influence of a father
when I say that if the Iron In a son's nature
be dsrlved from him the gold Is coined from
• the heart of the mother whose lap has cradled
him. And- because 1 believe this, because the
lesson at .tlffe mother's knee Is the seed that
send* a stalk toward heaven and opens far
up Its auxiliary blossoms in the morning light,
because the lofty ideals of manhood are rooted
deeper than youth, because that which a man
Instinctively would be has been dreamed for
him in advance by a mother, I claim for
Georgia the large share In the man you hava
chosen your leader.
Do you name corporate legislation? The op
position resisted and then opposition-* votes
helped to enact it. ' . .
Do you name the canal-*-tbat largest w/trk
of centuries, the eternal " wedding • of . oceans,
dhrlnklng the circumference of the globe, mak
ing distant peoples neighbors, advancing- for
ever civili sat km all around the world? This
historic undertaking in the interest of all the
race, planned by American statesmanship, to
be wrought by American hands. - to stand
through tht- ages protected by the American
flajr: this vast achievement which will endure
While he Is President peace with every na
tion will be preserved at any cost, excepting
only the sacrifice of American rights; and the
vigor with which be maintains the*e will be
itself a guarantee of peace.
The American people will elect him because,
in a word, they know that he does things the
people want done; does things, not merely dis
cusses them — does things o«ly ¦¦•'-discussing
them — fcut does things; and does only those
things the people would have him do.- 'This Is
characteristically American; for wherever he
is, the American la he who achieves.
On every question all men know where lie
stands. Americans, frank themselves, demand
franknees. In their servants. Uncertainty is
the death of business. The people can always
get along If they know where they are and
whither they are going. v
His past Is his proof. Every great measure
of his administration was so wise that, en
thusiastically sustained by his own' party, it
won votes even from the opposition.
Do you name Cuban reciprocity?. The oppo
sition resisted and th«n opposition votes helped
to ratify It.
They know that while he is President the
flag will "stay put, V and no American ad
vantage In the I'aciflc or the world be sur
rendered. Americans never retreat. :
.While he is President no wrong-doer (n the
service of the Government will go unwhipped
of justice. Americans demand honesty and
honor, vigilance and fearlessness. ' '
When ha ia President readjustment of tariff
schedules will be made only in harmony with
the principle of protection. Americans have
memories.
Theodore Roosevelt is a leader who leads;
because he carries out the nettled purposes of
the people. Our President's plans, when
achieved, are always found to be merely the
nation's will accomplished. And that la why
the people will elect him.
They will elect him because they know that
If be is President we will get to work and keep
at work on the canal. After decades of delay
when the people want a thing done, they want
it done.
The people's thought is hi* thought: Ameri
can idealt;, hie ideals. This is his only -chart
of t.taleKmanfihip— and no other is safe. For
the truest guide an American President can
have is the collective intelligence and massed
morality of the American people. And this an
cient rule of the fathers is the rule or our lead
ers now.
CHICAGO, June 23. — Senator Bever
idge of Indiana seconded the nomina
tion of President Roosevelt in the fol
lowing ppeech:
Gentlemen of the Convention: One differ
ence between the opposition and ourselves Is
this: They select their candidate for the peo
ple, and the pt-ople (-elect our candidate for u*.
This was true four yearn ago when we ac
cepted the people's Judgment and named Wil
liam McKlnley. whose perfect mingling of mind
and heart, of wisdom and of tenderness won
tne 'trust and love of the nation then and
makes almost holy hU memory now. His
power was in the people's favor, his shrine is
In the people's hearts.
It is tru<« Ui-day when we again accept the
people's judgment and name Theodore Rocse
velt. whose sympathies are as wide as the re
public, whose courage, honesty and vision meet
all emergencies,, and the sum of whose quali
ties make him the .type of twentieth century
Americanism. And the twentieth century
American is nothing more than the man of '7U
facing a new day with the old faith.
•Theodore Roojfevelt, like William McKlnley,
is the nominee oX the' American fireside. So
were Washington and Jefferson in the early
time; «o was Andrew Jackson when he said
"The Union; it must be preserved"; so was
Abraham Lincoln when, the republic saved, he
bade us "bind up the nation's wounds"; and
Grant when, from victory** very summit his
lofty words, "Let us have peace," voiced the
spirit of the hour and the people's prayer.
When nominated by parties, each of these great
Presidents was. at the periods named, already
chosen by the public judgment. Ana so to-day
the Republican party, whose strength is in its
obedience to the will of the American people,
merely executes again the decree which comes
to it from the American home In naming Theo
dore Roosevelt as our candidate.
¦ "We ; have not forgotten how,' when the war
clouds hung dark tn the nation's horizon, he
sacrificed . office and left 'a happy home and a
beloved . wife and children to bare his bosom
is the storm of battle. 'The same patriotism
PATRIOTISM AND COURAGE.
Men of the North, we come from the battle
fields, consecrated to freedom with the blood
of your brave sons. We ore the -custodians
of your patriot dead.- and each year commem
orate their deeds and decorate their graves
with flowers. In their names and by their
memories the dltepfranchlsed South appeals to
you for Justice. Shall It be said that your
sons marched and fought and died in vain?
Shall it be said that) a -nation can exist part
slave and part free-? Are people free who are
forced to bear the burden and yet denied the
highest privilege of citizenship? If It be true
that warrant may .not be found in the en>
stltutlon to prevent dlsenfranchlsement, then
vi beg that you no longer permit the dis
franchised and- oppressed to be estimated for
the purpose of increasing the electoral strength
of their oppressors. ¦
Though the grape ts crushed* and the grain
Ik ground, they produce neither wine nor bread
for the persecuted men of the South.
Surrounded by difficulties, striving In vain
to be free, they instinctively turn to the brave,
true man who .has said that he would not close
the door of. hope oh a struggling race. The
Southern Republicans are devoted to him 'and
will follow him with all the affection and eo
thustasm with which the "old guard" fol
lowed Napoleon. They have unshaken faith in
his superb courage, evenhasded Justice . and
unsullied honor. ¦ ¦ ' ' . •
CHICAGO, June 23. — Governor
Bradley of Kentucky sa.'d a few un
kind things about the Democratic
party in his speech seconding the
nomination of Theodore Roo3evelt.
He spoke as follows:
The Republican party has made no mistakes;
therefore it has no apologies to offer. It has
broken no promises; therefore it enters no plea
of confession and avoidance. It offers no guar
anty for the future save the record of Its past.
It points to an enormously increased com
merce at home and abroad.; to free homes
given to free people; to a war waged to drive
the tyrant from Cuba and a promise faith,
fully kept to give to thu army and navy
whose deeds of valor have added lmperishabie
glory to American arms; to the erection of
churches -and schoolhouses and the Inauguration
of civil government in the Philippines; to the
Universal prosperity now prevailing throughout
the republic; to a generous system of pensions,
provided for those who fought and the families
of those who died, that the Union might be
preserved; to the gigantic Rebellion of all time
courageously met and completely subdued; to
the shackles of bondmen melted in the red
flames of war and to stars preserved and yet
others fixed in the firmament of freedom.
We cannot stand at the base of Bunker Hill
monument, as prophesied by Toombs, and call
the 'roil of our slaves; but we can stand on
any spot on earth and call the long roll of
Republican statesmen and .soMlers — the most
distinguished and Illustrious that the nation
has produced, who rendered Impossible the ful
fillment of that prediction. .
For nearly half a century the record of the
Republican party has been so Interwoven with
the country's history that, each Is a part of
tho other, and neither can.be written without
including the other. Indeed, during that time
the Republican party has been the country.
In diplomacy. In progress. In the arts anl
science*, in prosperity and adversity, in peace
and war. at home and abroad, on land and
sea. the Republican party has been true to
every trust, equal to every emergency, has
continually elevated and advanced the standard
of American ¦ honor and glory, and now pro
claims, to the world that In th>3 lexicon of pa
triotic endeavor and achievement there is no
euch ' word as fall.
HAS RESISTED ADVANCEMENT.
And during all . these eventful years the
Democratic, party has resisted every step of
advancement and progress. It has been a
stupid objector, a miserable malcontent and a
common scold. For two Presidential terms it
administered public affairs and during each
crippled commerce, unsettled and decreased
values paralyzed Industries, closed manufac
tories and made It necessary for public charity
to provide food for the atarvlnR unemployed.
It has exchanged its time-honored principles
for dangerous heresies and betrayed Its lead
ers, until it Is without a leader and In anxious
search of a platform. It - has abandoned Its
Moses and is unable to discover a Joshua. It
doea not certainly know what It wants; and
If it did. would not know where to find it.
It does not know what it is for, and if It did
would not know how to express It. It does
not know what to do, and if it did would not
know how to .do 'It. ¦ . ' '
This is the Republican idea of the American
people; this the thought we have when we nom
inate to-day our candidate for the ' nation's
chief; this the quality of Americanism a Re
publican standard bearer must have: And this
is just the Americanism of Theodore Roosevelt.
Full of the old time faith In the republic and
its .destiny: charged with the energy of the
republic's full manhood; cherishing the ordi
nances of the republic's fathers and having In
his heart the fear of God: inspired by the sure
knowledge that the- republic's splendid day is
only in its dawn, Theodore Roosevelt will lead
the American, people In paths of safety to etil.l
greater welfare for themselves;-, etill broader
betterment of the race and to the added honor
of the American name. • .. - . . ¦ . : ¦ . . .
American methods changed, but American
character remain* the same. They outlived
the stage coach, nut not the Bible. They ad
vanced, but forgot not their fathers. . They
delved in earth, but remembered the higher,
things. They made highways of the oceans,
but distance and climate altered not their
Americanism. They began as children of lib
erty, and children of liberty they remain. They
began as servants of the Father of Lights,
and hU servants they remain. ! And .so
Into their hands i» dally given more power
and opportunity that they may work- even
larger righteousness in the world and scatter
over ever widening fields the blessed seeds of
human happiness.
Wonderful beyond prophecy's forecast their
progress, noble beyond th" vision of desire
their future. In ISO! Jefferson said, "the
United States (then) had room enough for our
descendants to the thousandth and thousandth
generation" ;' three generations behold the
oceans our boundaries. Washington ' never
dreamed of railways. .To-day electricity and
strain make Maine and 'California, household
neighbors. This advance, which no seer could
have foretold, we made because we arc Amer
icans — because a free people with unfettered
minds and unquestioning belief Joyfully faced
the universe of. human possibilities. These
possibilities are not exhausted; we have hardly
passed their boundaries/ The American people
are not exhausted: we have only tested our
strength. God's work for us In the world Is
not finished: his future missions for the Amer
ican people will be grander than any he has
glv»n us. nobler than we now can comnrehend.
And these tasks as they come, we will accept
and accomplish as our fathers accomplished
theirs. And when our generation shall have
passed and our children shall catch from our
aging hands- the standard we . have borne, it
will still be the old • flag Bf . Yorktown and
Appomattox and Manila Bay; the music to
which they In their turn will then move on
ward will still be the strains that cheered the
dying Warren on Bunker Hill and Inspired the
men who answered Lincoln'* call; and the
Ideals that will h» In them triumphant as they
are In us will still, be the old ideals that have
made the American people great and honored
among the nations of the earth.- •• " ¦ :
. Of what measure of Theodore Roosevelt's
administration doe* the opposition dare even
to propose the repeal? And when has the
record of any President won greater approval?
And no the people trust him as a statesman.
Better than that, they love him as a man. He
wins admiration in vain who wins not affection
also. In the American home — that temple of
happiness and* virtue where dwell the wives
and mothers of the republic, cherishing the
beautiful in life and guarding the morality of
the nation — In the American home the name
of Theodore Roosevelt Is not only honored but
beloved. And that is a greater triumph than
the victory of battlefields, greater credit than
successful statesmanship, greater honor than
the Presidency Itself would be without it. Life
holds no reward so noble as the confidence and
Jove of the American people.
The American people! The mightiest force
fdr good the ages have evolved. They began
as children of liberty. They believed in God
and his providence. They took truth and
Justice and tolerance as their eternal ideals
and marched fearlessly forward. Wildernesses
stretched before them — they subdued them.
Mountains rose — they crossed them. Deserts
obstructed — they passed them. • Th«lr faith
failed them not and a continent was theirs. 1
From ocean to ocean cities rose, fields blos
soined. railroads ran; but every where church
and school were permanent proof that the
principles of their origin were the life of their
maturity.
when our day shall have become ancient, and
which alone Is enough to make the name of
Theodore UooFfcvelt Illustrious through all time
— this fulfillment of the republic's dream ac
complished by Republican effort, finally re
ceived voifs even from an opposition that had
tried to thwart it.
In Kentucky we' have "contended against
principalities and oowers and the rulers of
darkness." We have. In truth, fought with
all manner of hearts, not at Ephesus, but at
Ftankfort. We are nerving ourselves for the
coming .conflict and In November next we
hope to break the chains which partisan legis
lation has thrown around us and restore free
dom to the State which gave birth to Abraham
Lincoln and holds within its bosom the ashes
of Henrv Clay.
He was born to fulfill a mission. That
mission in part accomplished will be com
pleted in coming years, and his name shall
go rinsing down the centuries with htose of
the immortal few "who were not born to
die."
He boldly and fearlessly advances: he never
sounds the retreat. Imbued with never-falling
courage, combined with sound and conserva
tive Judgment; brilliant as a meteor, yet
steady and certain as the sun in its course;
gifted with broad and intelligent statesman
ship; fixed in lofty purpose, he is the em
bodiment of American ideas, American vigor
and the most exalted type of American man
hood. \
He has not been the- pliable instrument of
any man or set of men. He is the creator,
not the creature of public sentiment. He is
not controlled by popular clamor, but hews
to the line, let the chips fall where they may.
He Is not a laggard, a time-server or an Idle
dreamer. He loses no opportunity on account
of timid doubt or annoying hesitation. He is
not a follower, but every Inch a leader. He
is not an imitator, but thoroughly original,
guided alone by a clear conception of right
and the xenius of common sense.
NO PLIABLE INSTRUMENT.
. His enemies eay that he is unsafe. His
reSord proves that he is unsafe only to the
lawless, the trickster, the" grafter, and those
who deny equal protection of the law to any
class of American citizens. But in the dis
charge of the great trusts devolved upon him,
he has proven a harbor of safety.
His enemies predicted that he would in
volve the nation in war; but all his victories
have been thesea/jf diplomacy and peace, and
to-day he enjoys the respect and friendship of
every foreign power.
His enemies say that he cannot be trusted;
but the people know that one who always does
th»- righ; thins at the right time and in the
right way is entitled to their Implicit confi
dence.
He knows how and when to plan and, bet
ter still, hotr and wh,«?n to execute. Alert of
mind, he has quickly seized every opportunity.
In the procurement of concessions frcm the
Panama canal, he accomplished more In a few
hours than his predecessors accomplished in
more than lw> years. He did not attempt to
unloose; he cut the Oordlan knot.
H<* unhesitatingly measured swords with the
giant corporation which threatened the people
with wrong and oppression and brought It Into
subjection. .
and courage that Inspired him then has ani
mated Mm throughout his ailminiscration.
When others stood appalled In the presence of
the great strike, he cheerfully, and with
alacrity, assumed a responsibility not officially
incramb'.nt ucon him and, bravely springing
Into the breach, succeeded in procuring a set
tlement that brought tranquillity to the repre
sentatives 01 capita] send smiles and sunsalne
into the faces and homes of the humble
labor: rs.-^
Edwards of Georgia Extols
Party Leader's High
Character.
Senator Beveridge Praises the True Citizenship of
the Presidential Nominee.
Republicans Have Made No Mistakes, He Declares,
and Have Not One Apology to Offer.
SAYS THE AMERICAN FIRESIDE
REALLY NOMINATED ROOSEVELT
GOVERNOR BRADLEY OF KENTUCKY
SAYS PARTY STANDS BY RECORD
SOUTH SHARES
IN PROSPERITY
OF THE COUNTRY
CALJFORNIAN WHOSE SPEECH WAS THE HIT OF THE DAY AND NEW YORK MAN WHO PLACED THEODORK ROOSEVELT IN NOMINATION.
Continued on Page 1, Column 2..
There «re many new names Jn these days,
fcut the republican party needs no new title!
It elands now where it stood at the beginning
Memory alone Is needed to tell the source from
which the Inspirations of the country flow.
A drowsy memory would be as guilty now as
a sleeping watchman when the enemy is astir.
The name of the Republican party stands over
even' door where a righteous cause m-as born.
Its members have gathered around every move
ment, no matt-r how weak, if Inspired by high
r«*solvc. It« flag for more than fifty years has
been the «lgn of hope on t-very spot where
liberty was the wcrd. That party needs no
new name or platform to designate its pur
poses. It is now as it has been, equipped,
militant and in motion. The problem* of every
age that age munt solve. Great causes im
pose great demanl*. but n«ver In any enter
prise have the American necple failed, and
never in any crisis has the Republican party
failed to express the conscience and intelligence
cf that people.
The public mind is awake both to Us oppor
tunities and Its dangers. Nowhere in the
world, in any era. did citizenship mean more
thc.% tt means to-day In America, Men of
courage and sturdy character are ranging
themselves together with a unanimity seldom
seen. There is no excuse for groping In the
dark, for the light is plain to him who will
but raise his eyes. The American people be-
Iie\-» in a man or party that has convictions
• nd knows why. They believe that what ex
pericne* has proved it is idfe to resist. A
wise man is any fool about to die. But there
U a wisdom which with good fortune may
fruide the living and the ' strong. That wis
dom Fprings from reason, observation and ex
perience. Guided by these, this thing is plain,
«.ad young men may rely upon It. that the
fcietory and purposes T have described, rising
»vrn to the etmence and aspirations of patriot
inn, find their best concrete example In the
career and doctrines of the Republican party.
But not aJone opoa th« principles of that
NEEDS NO NEW TITLE.
OXE FUNDAMENTAL. PLANK.
When all the people have forgotten will
«1awn a golden era for this new Democracy.
Uut the country 1st not ready- yet* to place a
party In the lead whose most expressive motto
is the cheerlees word "forget." That motto
nay expres* contrition, but it does not inspire
bo:*. Neither confidence nor enthusiasm will
ever be aroused by any party which enters
t-ach campaign uttering the language of the
mourner.
.There is one fundamental plank, however.
en which the two great parties are in full
.agreement. Both believe in the equality of
tnrn. The difference is that the Democratic
party would make every man as low as the
poorest, white the Republican party would
make every men an high as the best. But
the Democratic course will proveke no outside
interference now, for the Republican motto
is that of the great commander, "never inter
rupt the enemy while he Is making a mistake"
In politics as in other field?, the most im
presslve arguments epring from ' contract.
»ver has there been a more striking example
of unity than is now afforded by this assem
blage. You are gathered here not as 'fac
tions torn by discordant views, but moved by
one desire and intent, you have come as the
chosen representatives of the most enlightened
party In the world. You meet not as strangers,
for no men arc- strangers who held the same
beliefs and espouse the same cause. You
may separate two bodies of water for a thou
»*nJ years, but when once the barrier is re
moved they mingle lnrtantly and are one.
The same traditions inspire and the same pur
poses actuate us all. Never in our lives did
these purposes ¦ stand with deeper reot than
now. At least two generations have passed
eway «lnoe the origin of that great movement
from which sprang the spirit which has been
the leading impulse in American politics for
half a century. In that movement,. which was
both a creation and an example, were those
great characters which endowed the Republican
party at Its birth with the attributes of Jus
tice, muality and progress, which have held
It to thla hour in line with the highest senti
ment* of mankind. From th^i-e men we have
Inherited the desire, and to their memory we
ewe the resolution, that those great schemes
of government and humanity, inspired by their
patriotism, and established by thefe blood,
i>hall remain as the fixed and permatent em
blem of their labors, and the abiding signal
cf the liberty and progress of the race.
CHICAGO, June 23. — The conven
tion was in a flutter of animation
xvhen ex-Governor Frank Black of
New York advanced to the front of
the platform to place in nomination
The name of President Roosevelt.
As he confronted the convention
Governor Black presented a striking
ligure. He is tall and gaunt. His
hair, originally a dark brown, is. lib
erally streaked with gray, his dark
e\es look sharply from behind spec
tacles and from beneath closely over
hanging eyebrows.
His voice well; his " epi
grams orovoked laughter and the
sharply turned sentences never failed
to raise a rip:>le of applause.
He spoke as follows:
Mr. President and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: We are here to inaugurate a campaign
vhich seems already to be nearly closed. So
wisely have the people sowed and watched and
tended, there teems little now tQ do but to
measure up the grain. They are ranging them
relves not for battle but for harvest. In one
f:!nmii reaching from the Maine woods to the
PaWCt Round are those people and those States
which« have stood so long together, that when
great emergencies arise the nation turns in
t-iinctlvely t-> thf-m. In thin column, vast and
tclid, 1? a majority so overwhelming that the
mattered squads In opposition can hardly raise
another army. The enemy has neither guns
nor ammunition, and if they had they would
use them on each other. Destitute of the
weapons of effective warfare, the only evi
dence of approaching battle is in the tone and
number of their bulletins. There is discord
among the generals; discord among the- soldiers.
r.ach v.-oaid fight in his cwn way. but before
assaulting h'.s Republican adwrearies he would
first destroy his own comrades in the adjoining
t«*nts. Kach believes the weapons chot\.n by
the other are not only wicked but fatal to the
li. : ii-r. That is true. This is the only war
of modern tim^s wfcere the boomerang has been
substituted tor the gun. Whatever fatalities
may occur, however, among the discordant
hosts now moving en St. Louts, no harm will
come this fall to the American people. There
will be no opposition sufficient to raise & con
flict. There will be hardly encugh for compe
tition. There are no. Democratic plans for the
conduct of the fall campaign. Their zeal is
chiefly centered in discussion as to what
Thorr.se JtiTcrson would on if he were living.
He ia not living, and but few of his de
scendants are among the Democratic remnants
of to-day. Whatever of patriotism or wisdom
emanated from that di*t:ninjtsh«d man is now
represented in this convention.
It Is a cad day for any party when its
only means ol y< )\ ir>- living issues is by t'Jess
ing et the possible attitude of a statesman
who is dead. This condition leave* that party
•Jwajn a beginner and makes every question
new. The Democratic party has seldom tried
a problem en its own account, and when it
hts Its blunders have ben its only monu
ments, its courage is remembered only In
regret.- As long as these things are repealled
that party may oerve as ballast, but it will
sever steer the ship.
We want this younger Lincoln — the keeper of
our great eagle — we wanted him with hl» han.ls
on the halyard* of our flag; we want him th«
defender of our constitution and the executive
of our law. and when we have used him ant
the best years of his young. manhood for th-!
good of the nation, he will still be holding our
banner of liberty with stars added' to its azura
field, its history sacred, its stripea untarnlshe-1.
and. by command of the majority, hand it to
the American patriot standing next In line.
The hlesslngs of this great work cannot b<>
told In words, and figures win get wobbly and
unsteady with the load when you chalk them on
the blackboard of time.
Barnacle bottomed ships of the great salt
sea will greet the great father of waters and
make every town on his banks a maritime city.
Tho owners of the farm, factory and mine will
become familiar with the names they never
knew and write strange addresses on the ex
ports they send across the unharvested ocean.
Australia. New Zealand. Yokohama. Hongkong.
Manila. Honolulu and Korea will N» some of
the new name* the new South will he glad to
know, and their children wUl bless the- Presi
dent that gave them their wonderful opportuni
ties for trading. i
WILL KNOW NEW NAMES.
From a Democratic point of view, he Is a
weird magician of politics. They charged him
with disrupting a government on the isthmus,
creating a republic and unlawfully conniving
at a canal. They awoke one flne morning to
find the republic of Panama an entity. Its exist
ence recognized by foreign nations and Con
gress paying out millions of dollars to ratify
his strategic promptness. He wanted to give
Uncle Sam a Job and he did It. and Uncle Sam
wanted the Job and he took It. He belongs to
the Union. We see him standing to-day with
his feet upon the * spade, his garments are
made of his flag, his Inventive Yankee whiskers
are brushed, there Is an American smile on his
face and his heart la gladdened aa he looks at
the golden sunrise of bis commercial future.
Dishonesty, cowardice and duplicity are never
impulsive; Roosevelt la Impulsive; so be It — he
Is different.
Our tree is big and broad and grand: we
want a President typical of the country: ore
who will preserve her history, enforce her law,
teach Americanism and fight the wrong.
Theodore Roosevelt, thcu art the man. TI>!1
may he be proud. He is young: the prl*s of
life ig his, and time Is on his side. He lovej
the whole country and knows no fa\-orite sec
tion: he has performed his sacred promise: he
has kept the faith with McKlnley's memorv
and now faces responsibilities of his own. He
hypnotizes obstacles, looks them In the eye and
overpowers with self -conscious honesty of par
pose.
How like unto our emblem of freedom h+
has cropped off the young twigs of our ceda.
of liberty and carried them across the ocean
to the land of traffic and set them In th
city of merchants. The seed of our land :s
there among fruitful field*, beside great waters
and set as a willow tree.
Tb.ua said the Lord: A great eagle, with
great wings, long winged and full of feather*,
which had divers colors, came unto Lebanon
and took the highest branch of the cedar.
He cropped off the top of Its young twUs and
carried It into a land of traffic: he set it in
a city of merchants: he took also of seed of
the land and planted It In a fruitful field:
he placed it across great waters and set as
a willow tree.
EMBLEM OP FREEDOM.
Protection to American labor and our nat
ural resource*, climate. soil, agricultural and
mineral wealth, navigable rivers and safe
harbors, wise laws and clean public men.
have made us the greatest nation on earth to
day. In territory we have outgrown the con
tinent: we are peopling the lalea of the sea.
Gentlemen of the Convention: Geography
has but little to do with the sentiment and
enthusiasm that Is to-day apparent In favor
of the one who Is to be given all th« honor*
and duties of an eleotsd President of th»
Lnite.k States of America. However, the Pa
cific Slope and th-? Elands (those ocean buoys
of commerce moored In the drowsy tropical
sea) »end to this convention words of con
fident greeting, with discreet assurance that
your Judgment will be Indorsed by th* Ameri
can voter and our country continue its won
derful :*-ogress under Republican success
The time Is ripe for brightening up Ameri
canism, to teach with renewed vigor the prin
ciples of individual liberty for which the
minute men of the Revolution fought • the Lin
coln liberty, an Individual liberty for the man.
not a black man alone, any man. all men:
the right of labor In the exercise of freedom
unmolested and be paid for his individual
toil and with it build his cuttage home.
From the press, the pulpit, the achoolhoftse
the platform and th« street. !er the true his
tory of our country be known, that the youris
men and women of America and many oiU
ones may know what a prlr» has been paid
for the liberty. r>eace an<l union they enjoy
through the- devoted patriotism of our sfK-nt
heroes of the past. Deprivation and sacrifice
already endured for many years before the
old bell in the Statehouse was given the
voice to apeak the glorious sentiment of the
age and proclaim liberty throughout all th»
land, and they were made the Instruments
by which the principles productive of our
national grandeur were set aa Jewels In our
public's coronet. What we prayed for. fought
for. bled for aftd died for. we want cared for
Telegraph the world that the Kepublicari
party was the first organization that beckoned
the laboring man to hl» feet and made him
know the quality and equality of his tru»
¦elf. It showed him the possibilities of honest
poverty and has withheld nothing from his
worthy ambition. It took a rall-splltter from
the ground J5Aor of a log cabin and set him
with the stars.
His speech was of Just the right
length and his every sentence forcible
and to the point.
"We have outgrown the continent
and are peopling the Isles of the sea"
was his summing up of the question of
expansion. !
He painted a graphic picture of th»
results of the opening of th« Panama
canal, and in leading up to his plea for
Roosevelt said: "We want for Presi
dent a man, big. broad and grand, like
our country." Here is his speech la
full:
CHICAGO,, June 23.— The powerful
voice of George A. Knight of California
•will long be remembered by those in
the convention hall to-day and his rug
ged tribute to President Roosevelt, of
whose nomination he was one of the
seconders, was distinctly a feature of
the convention.
Californian's Speech a
Feature of the
Convention,
New York's Ex-Gover
nor Presents Name
• of President,
Brings Convention to
Its Feet Cheering
for Nominee,
George Knight Pays a
Forceful Tribute to
Roosevelt.
BLACK PLACES
ROOSEVELT IN
NOMINATION
RAFTERS RING
WITH SOUND
OF HIS VOICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 21, 1904.
WITH STIRRING ORATORY REPUBLICANS NAME STANDARD-BEARERS OF THEIR PARTY
4speaker was Harry* Stillwell EdwarCs.
"Well," said the chairman to the con
vention, "his ; middle name is Stlllr-c.l
and both are good "-- — «." ' •
Hf* then formally. Introduced, Ed
wards In a ehort but effective speech.
.Edwards, who is a man of slight phy
sique, is not gifted with a penetrating
voice like" that of Black, 1 Beveridge'and
Knight, and for this reason he was un
able to command the absorbing atten
tion that had been given to those who
spoke before him. His speech was emi
nently satisfactory, however, to those
within range of his .voice and he was
frequently interrupted by applause.; •
. ¦ "The chair recognizes Governor
Bradley of Kentucky,", said Cannon,* as
Edwards concluded, - and, he came -for
ward, leading, the compact form of
Governor Bradley. . . . -
"I. Introduced you," said the chair
man, "a gentleman, who comes from; a
State where .they, take their, politics :.a
they take their whisky— straight." - ~ -
That thesentlment v/as ,' favorably
receded , was\ evidenced bya; hearty
burst of applause. . ' '
Following Bradley,: Joseph 'B. Cot-
Continued on Paso 7, Column 4.
1852— Born May 11. near
Unlonvillc Center, Ohio'.
1872— Graduated from Ohio
Wesloyan University, Delaware,
Ohio. .
1873 — Reporter for the Asso
ciated Press. .
1874 — Admitted to the Ohio
State bar and married to Miss
Cornelia Cole. ; •
J875 — Bcjjan practice of law
In IndlnnapoILs.
1888 — Directed. the candidacy
of Walter Q. Gresharo for the
Republican nomination ¦ for
President., Actively ensraged in
the support of Benjamin Harri
son, the party's nominee.
1893 — Was Republican cau
cus nominee for United States
Senator, but was. defeated for
election by David Turple, Demo
crat.
1 886 — Worked to commit the
Republican party In Indiana to
the sold standard. Headed his
State delegation to the St. Louis
convention and was temporary
chairman of that body.
1897 — Was elected to the
United States Senate.
ISO 8— Member of the Joint
Iligln British-American Com
mission.
1902— Secured the passage of
a bill appropriating $100,000
for the relief of Martinique suf
ferers. . " ¦ [ . . . , _ * ; _ : "
" 1903— Re-elected to the United
States Senate.
1904—Nominated . . for . Vice
President .ol ¦¦. the States
by '- the Republican party. *
CHRONOLOGICAL
REVIEW OF LIFE
OF FAIRBANKS
CHICAGO, June 23.— In a bright,
characteristic speech Senator Chaun
cey M. Depew paid a tribute to the
worth of Charles W. Fairbanks.
A remark from a delegate, "Have you
had your dinner?" was selected by the
Senator and used as a text. He said:
My friend wants to know if I have had my
dinner. . But' what I am about to fay is In
behalf of dinners for the American people.
I cannot help contrasting. In listening to the
eloquence with which we have been privileged,
what -will be the difference when our Demo
cratic friends meet on the 6th of July to go
through their duty of nominating candidates
and adopting a platform. We here have been
unanin:ou3 upon our candidates, all agreed
upon our candidates, all agreed upon our prin
ciple?, on recognizing and applauding our
statesman living and dead and agreeing with
them; .Trhlle on the other hand In contrast
there will be only two living exponents of
Democratic principles.
On the one side will be their only President
rising and saying, "Ce sane," while on the
other aide In opposition wlil come their last
candidate for President; saying "Be Demo
crats."
The two are Incompatible.
I present just two thoughts which It seems
to me in the flood of our oratory have been
passed by. There has been criticism of this
convention that it was without enthusiasm,
perfunctory, and would occupy little place in
history. But this convention Is an epoch
making convention, becaune It marks the close
of fifty years or the life of the Republican
party. That fifty years. If we should divide
time into periods of history, the fifty years
frona lv'l to 19OI would concentrate more than
has been done in this world for the uplifting
of humanity than all the half centuries that
have preceded.
Now, my friends, while we present the posi
tive, th» convention which meets on the 6t!> of
July presents that element hitherto unknown la
American politics — opportunist. It watts for
bankruptcy; It is waiting for panic, for Indus
trial depression; waiting for financial distress.
There was an old farmer on the coast of
Maine who owned a farm with a rocky ledge
Tunning out into the ocean called Hurricane
Pc!nt. On it ships were wrecked, and he gath
ered his harvest from Its rocks, and in his will
he wrote: "I divide my farm equally among
my children, but Hurricane Point shall be kept
for all of you lorever, for, while the winds blow
and the waves roll, the Lord will provide."
But we have put a light upon Hurricane Point,
a lighthouse of - protection, with a revolving
light shedding gold over the ocean, and Ameri
can commerce going and coming Is absolutely
safe.
And now. gentlemen, my second thought. It
seems to me that we have not given enough
Importance to the office of Vice President of
the United States. It was not so among the
fathers. Then of the two highest potential fig
ures, one took the Presidency, the other the
Vice Presidency. But in the last forty years
ridicule and caricature have placed the office
almost in, contempt. Let us remember that
Thomas Jefferson; let us remember that old John
Adams; let u* remember that John Calhoun and
George Clinton and Martin Van Buren were
Vlrc Presidents c( the United States.
Everybody knows that If the tower-
Ing figure of Theodore Roosevelt would have
been out of the canvas one of the promising
candidates before v the convention for President
of the United States would have been Charles
Fairbanks, and New York, appreciating his
great ability as a lawyer and appreciating the
name he has made for himself as Senator, ap
preciating his dignity, his character and his
genius for public affairs, seconds the nomina
tion of Charles W. Fairbanks for Vice Presi
dent of the United States. (Prolonged applause
and cheers.) . . :
CHICAGO, Juns 23 Senator J. P.
Dolliver of Iowa presented to the con
vention the name of Charles W. Fair
banks as the party's nomines for th'«
office of Vice President. He said:
Gentlemen of the convention: The National
Republican Convention, now nearly ready to
adjourn, has presented to the world a moral
spectacle of extraordinary interest and sig
nificance. It Is a fine thing to see thousands
of men, representing millions of people, fight
ing »n the political arena for their favorit*
candidates and contending valiantly for the
success ot contradictory principles and con
flicting doctrines. Out of. such a contemt, with.
Its noise and declamation, ita flying banners,
its thunder of the captains and the shouting,
truth often secures a vindication, and th*
right man comes out victorious. Sometimes,
however, wisdom Is lost In the confusion, and
more than once we have se«n the claims of
leadership swallowed up In contention and
strife.
We have the honor to belong to a conTen
tion whose constituency in every State and
Territory and In the islands of the sea has
done its thinking by quiet firesides, undis
turbed by clamor of any sort, and has simpli
fied our. responsibilities by the unmistakable
terms of the credentials which we hold at their
hands.
At Intervals of four years I followed the
banner of .Tames G. Blalne through the street
of our convention cities, from Cincinnati to
Minneapolis and did my full share to see that
nrbody got any more applause than the g^reat
popular leader who had captured my enthusi
asm long before I was old enough to vote.
Not even his defeat serred. to diminish the
bold which our champion had upon the hearts
of those who followed him. and It has required
a good deal of experience to enable them to
understand the lesson of his defeat. 0ther
conventions have met to settle the fate of
rival chieftains; we meet to record the judg
n'tnt of the Republican cU!!iora of the Vnited
States.
They have based their opinion upon th*
facts of the case. They have not concluded
that we have the greatest President of tlr»
Uniu-d States since Washington. They know
how to measure the height and depth of things
better ev?n than Professor Bryce when he
deals with the superlatives which find their
way Into all well regulated banquets after
midnight. They have not forgotten the grav»
of Lincoln, which has become a shrine of pil
grimage of the human race. They remember
still the day when the canon of Westminster
opened the doors of that venerable monument
to admit the name of the silent American
soldier into the household of English-spoken
fame.
CAREER OF ROOSEVELT.
They have passed no vainglorious Judgment
upon the career of Theodore Roosevelt. They
have studied It with sympathetic interest from
his boyhood a* he has risen from one season
of public usefulness to another until at length,
before the age of 45, he stands upon the high
est civic eminence known amonic men. Th«:r
heads fell with his aa he stood In the shadow
of McKlnley's death and as part of his oath
of office asked the trusted counselors who
stood by the side of the fallen President to
help him carry forward the work which he
had left unfinished, and while his administra
tion deserves the tribute which It received in
this convention from th? eloquent lips of, our
temporary chairman, it is because he has exe
cuted in a manly way the purpose of the Re
publican party and interpreted aright the as
pirations of t*te American people. Nor can
there be a doubt that If tn the years to come M
shall walk steadfastly in the same path h»
will b» numbered among the great leaders of
the people who have given dignity and influ
ence to their highest office.
But t*>e Judgment of the Republican party
Is not enly united upon Its candidate — It is
unanimous also upon the fundamental princi
ples far which It stan>Is. I think the con
vention has been fortunate In harmonizing th
minor differences which unavoidably arise in a
country Ike ours, where speech is free and
where Drlntlnr i» fre». We stand tocstber on
the oroDoaltion that the Industrial system of
the United States* must not b- undermine*! by
a hostile partisan agitation, and that what
ever chanites are necessary in our laws ought
to be made by the, friends, or at !ea*t the
acquaintances, of the protective tariff system.
The things upon which we are agreed are »o
great and the thing* about which we differ are
so funall that we are able, without sacriflcinx
sincere Republican convictions anywhere, ta
unite As one m3n in u€i£-nft9 o* our com m ¦ > n
faith.
ROLIi CALIi A REMINDER.
The roll call of this convention Is a reminder,
not without it* melancholy suggestion, that the
veterans of Republican leadership are transfer
ring the responsibilities which they hav* borne
to the generation born since 1SCO. The children
of the men who laid the foundations of the re
publican party are here to b»sln th> celebra
tion of Ita fiftieth anniversary. A heavy han«l
has been laid since we met at Philadelphia
upon the men who guide tie counsels of the
party.
Nelson Dingier, whose nan* Is associated In
Immortal reputation with the Industrial am!
commercial miracles which opened the new
century. i» gone, and within the borders of the
same Stats lies all that Is mortal of Thomas
B. Re*d.- who put an end to anarchy In th*
American House of Rmresentatives. Dear
Uncle Mark. Hanna. whose face has locksd
down witb the benediction of an old frten.il
upon cur deliberations, we shall see no mare.
Wthin the past few days we burled Matthew
Stanley Quay in the bosom of the common
wealth which he loved, and which, tn spite
of the malice and calumny which pursued him
while he lived, never failed In its affectionate
confidence in him. while over the whole four
years has hune the shadow of our national
affliction which left the American oeoele in
sackcloth and ashes.
We stand at the beginning of the new era.
and while the Republican party leans upon
the counsel of Its old leaders it has not hesi
tated to summon to the responsibilities of
public life the young men who have been
trained under their guidance to take up the
burdens which they are rrady to lay down
and finish the work which comes to them
a* an Inheritance of patriotism and duty.
That is the significance of the nomination
of Theodore Roosevelt and that Is the ex
planation of the call which has been made
by the Republican party, without a dissenting
voice, upon Charles W. Fairbanks to 'stand
by the side of the President in the guidance
and leadership of the Republican party.
FREE FRO3I AFFECTATION*.
- While he has not sought to constrain th»
Judgment of the convention directly or in
directly, he has kept himself free from th»
affectation which undervalues the dignity of
the second office in the gift of the American
people, and I do not dcubt that his heart ha*
been touched by the voluntary exsression of
universal good will which has already chosen
him aa one of the standard bearers of the
Republican party of the Cnlted States. Th»
office has sought the man and he will brlnjr
to the office the commanding personality of a
statesman equal to any of the great responsi
bilities wWch belong to — - public affair*.
A leader of the Senate, the champion of all
the great policies which constitute the In-
Tlndble. record of the Republican party dur
ing the last ten years, his name will become
a tower of strength to our cause, not only in
his own State, but everywhere throughout the
country. x a man of affairs, the whole business
community shares the confidence which hia
political associates have reposed In him from
the beginning of his public life. The quiet.
undemonstrative, popular opinion which has
given the Republican party a platform upon
ton of Minnesota seconded the nom-»
ination of Roosevelt. His conclud
ing words seconding- the name of
"that great doer of things, Theodore
Roosevelt," was warmly applauded.
Prolonged applause greeted the in
troduction of Harry S. Cummings, %.
colored delegate from Maryland.
Cannon introduced him as "an Ameri
can, citizen, whose people were
brought from slavery forty years ago,
and who had made more progress in
one generation than any other race
had ever before made."
An ovation was given Cummings
when he closed his speech.
VOTE CAST BY STATES.
Cannon then advanced to the front
of 'the rostrum and at 1:19 o'clock
announced the roll-call for the nom
ination for President. The clerk be
gan calling the roll by States. When
Alabama, responded with .her entire
vote for^Itoosevelt there was a cheer.
The States followed in alphabetical
order, and %v as each response ended
with the-words "Theodore Roosevelt,"
the cheering was renewed.
An effort was made by New Jersey
to suspend further calling of the roll,
but the convention protested loudly.
Senator Platt of New York was on
his feet to make the announcement
for . his State, and when his State
¦was called the convention became en
thusiastic at the announcement.
Texas also got a cheer as' C. A.
Boynton made the announcement for
Roosevelt.
¦ Oklahoma's response was six votes
"for the next State on the banner of
the republic."
Chairman Cannon announced at
the conclusion of the roll-call that
Theodore Roosevelt had received .the
entire vote of : the convention, 994,
and -it- only remained for him to an
nounce, his nomination for the Presi
dency by the Republican party.
\ , The enthusiasm following . the an
nouncement of the chairman was of
briefer duration than that which fol
lowed the first call, but the cheering
lasted_t\vo minutes. Then Mr. Cannon
announced:
.S.'lThe', clerk will call the roll for pre
sentation of candidates for Vice Presi
dent.".
FAIRBANKS' XAME PRESENTED.
,. "Alabama," called the clerk.
. Hundley of Alabama announced that
his" State desired to waive its right in
favor of the State of Iowa. This meant
Senator. Dolliver, who was to deliver
the first nominating speech of Senator
Fairbanks of Indiana. As the tall
form of Iowa's Junior Senator was seen
pressing toward the platform the cries
and shouts broke out and they were
redoubled in violence when Chairman
¦Cannon led forward Senator Dolliver
arid spoke a few words of introduction.
The first mention of Fairbanks' name
was. the signal for cheers, which were
renewed -when Dolliver formally ' pre
sented the name of the Indiana Sen
ator. •-" '
When -the applause subsided Cannon
recognized Senator Depew.whose ap
pearance on the platform, with Chair
man Cannon grasping his' hand, was
the . inspiration for an outburst of ap
plause.' ' r - \
;"I. introduce, although it Is not neces
sary," began Cannon, "not Senator,
but Chauncey Depew. of New York."
A delegate cried: "Have you had
your dinner. 1 ?''.. .. .'.....
"1 am about to say something about
GIVES HIM HIGH PRAISE.
Governor • Pennypacker Compares
Fairbanks to Chevalier of France.
CHICAGO, June 23. — Governor
Samuel W. Pennypacker of Pennsyl
vania spoke fair words , of praise for
Senator Fairbanks In seconding: the
nomination of the_ candidate for the
Vice-JEresidency. Said he:
The waters of the Ohio, rising In the moun
tains of Pennsylvania, roll westward, bearing
fertility and men to the prairie lands of Indi
ana. The thought, of Psnnsylvania turns with
kindred feeling toward the State which has
produced Oliver P.- Morton, Benjamin Harrison
and the brave -Hooslers who fought alongside
of Reynolds ' on ¦ Oak Ridge at Gettysburg.
She T.eil remembers that when her own Sen
ator who did so much . for the Republican
party and whose wise counsels, alas, are miss
ing to-day, bore a commission to Washing
ton he had no mone sincere ¦ supporter than
the able and distinguished statesman, who
then as he does now. represented Indiana. In
the L'nlted States Senate. Pennsylvania, with
the approval of her Judgment • and with glad
anticipation of victory fn her heart, following
a leader like the chevalier of France Is with
out fear • and without reproach seconds I the
nomination for the Vice Presidency of Charles
W. Fairbanks • of Indiana. - ¦ . . -¦
LONDON".. SOCIETY PEOPLE
ATTEND THE \VEDDIXG
LONDON, June 23.— The .weddins to
day of. Lady Isabel Innes-Kerr, sister
of the .Duke of Roxburgh, to Guy Wil
son was an event In society- and In
American circles. Miss Pauline Astor
was one of the bridesmaids. Among
the guests were the Duke and Duchess
of Marlborougb. the Duke and Duchess
of Roxburgh, the Duke and Duchess x>t
Newcastle, Lady > William Beresfprd
and William -Waldorf Astor, : x ,
Continued on Fafe 7, Column 3,^
The California delegation, -with the
great gold banner and a' cornet player
of uncertain powers, who took liberties
with "A Hot Tlme*ln the Old Town To-
Night." .started on. a. brief .parade, but
ft was soon over and Chairman Can
non announced the .next speaker, as
"Mr. Stillwell of Georgia." There^were
loud cries of "Edwards," and Cannon
was informed that the . name . of the
Knight was surrounded by an enthu
siastic vthrong as he left the platform,
Senator Scott of West Virginia throw
ing his arms around him and hugging
him enthusiastically.
PARADE OF OAMFORNTANS.
Again Knight touched the responsive
chord when he exclaimed, speaking of
the beginnlg of the Panama canal:
"Theodore Roosevelt gave Uncle Sam
a Job. Uncle Sam wanted it: and he
took it. and Uncle Sam belongs to tho
Union, too." • ......
The California delegation showed that
it was prepared for the occasion. The
old stage coach long-drawn, yell, "Wa
hoo," was echoed through the hall, and
a California banner, followed by a huge
wreath of flowers,, was borne through
the. hall as Knight .was proceeding to
the platform.
Knight was introduced by Chairman
Cannon. He had a voice which.pene
trated the farthest recesses of the hall
and rolled back in echoes from the
arched iron roof. As he-^Tan-a voice
from a far end shouted, "Not so loud."
This was a touch which the convention
appreciated, and it gave itself up to a
hearty laugh. • ' ' \ . ...
Knight proved to be a phrasemaker.
"Cowardice,, duplicity and dishonesty
are not impulsive," shouted he. "Theo
dore Roosevelt is Impulsive.. He hyp
notized obstacles." , • ' •
"Wahoo!" was again shouted from
the California delegation, and the con
vention took up the cry with laughter
and applause.
"Gentlemen of the convention, I have
the honor of introducing to you a gen
tleman whom you all know, a son of
Indiana, who when he has a message
insists upon a hearing, and when he
speaks the people are enlightened and
enthused."
Senator Beveridge began hl&»«peech
arnid loud applause. Long before he
concluded Beveridge's coliin was wilted
and the perspiration' was streaming
down his face, but his voice lost none
of its carrying power and his manner
none of its energy. Senator Beveridge's
concluding words, "Indiana seconds the
nomination of Roosevelt," released the
waiting cheer, the band and the flags-
It was short-lived, however, and order
was soon restored.
When the convention had expressed
its appreciation of Indiana's second to
the nomination, Chairman Cannon an
nounced that George A. Knight of Cali
fornia would second the nomination.
KNIGHT SCORES A TRIUMPH.
"It prophesied victory in I860; its life
has been baptized on many battlefields
since and it is safe in the hands of
President Roosevelt^' #
The cheering was renewed, when
Cannon recognized Senator Beverldge
of Indiana, whom he introduced in
these words:
required full/ five minutes and several
more raps by the chairman and stren
uous work of numerous police and ser
geants-at-arms to get the delegates
once more Into their seats.
"When Chairman Cannon had finally
restored order the* secretary read a
history of the flag which Cannon had
been waving. Grasping the flag and
waving it over his head. Cannon said:
REPUBLICAN PARTY'S NOMINEE
TOR THE VICE PRESIDENCY OF
THE NATION.
Din Continues Until Delegates
and Spectators Are Hoarse
• and Exhausted.
Fairbanks Shares With Pres
ident in the Remark
able Ovation.
The applause at this time had con
nued almost twenty-three minutes. It
At this point the band struck up. Its
strains, however, were only l'aintiy dis
cernible in the mighty din. Then Chair
man Cannon took a hand. Unfurling a
tattered silk flag he advanced to the
extreme edge of the platform and be
gan to wave it. The flag is the prop
erty of the Lincoln-McKinley Associa
tion of Missouri, and it made its ap
pearance at a Republican National
Convention in 1SG0, when Lincoln was
nominated. It was then carried by the
Missouri delegation arid was waved
over the platform on that occasion, as
on this. It was fuel for the flame of
enthusiasm and the volume of sound
increased.
The front of the platform was next
occupied by an immense crayon bust
portrait of President Roosevelt,
brought on by three men. This gave
fresh impetus to the shouting.
The front of the stage'was next given
over to a young man with a megaphone
and a. flag. As he swung the banner
from side to side he shouted the name
"Roosevelt." At each swing of the Hag
the name was repeated. It was soon
taken up by the delegates in front,
spread to those in the rear, and in a
twinkling the whole assemblage was
shouting "Roosevelt!" "Roosevelt!" in
measured unison. The young man who
started the cry was J. Henry Smythe
Jr. of Philadelphia, who is prominently
identified with amateur sports.
The Indiana delegation opened um
brellas of red, white and blue, bearing
portraits of Roosevelt and Fairbanks.
The Alaskan totem polos were held
aloft and thousands of flags waved in
a wild sweep of colors.
UPROAR CONTINUES UNCHECKED
The New York delegation, occupying
a place immediately in front, started
out on a marching tour of the hall.
Meanwhile the demonstration showed
no signs of spending itself; five, six and
seven minutes it continued. There was
not the slightest diminution in the v:!
ume of sound.
When the applause had continued al
most seven minutes it was given a new
impetus by Chairman Cannon, who
walked once more to the front carry
ing his large banner. A little girl clad
in white was lifted on the shoulders of
some of the California delegates and
the first sound of her childish treble
was the signal for another outburst.
A delegate requested Chairman Can
non to loan him the large flag he had
carried, and with a smile the chairman
handed it down. Around the hall it
went, followed by a long line of shout
ing delegates.
California, with its great banner of
purple,, white and gold, came march
ing down the center aisle, followed by
Senators, members of Congress and
others prominent in the life of the na
tion. The New York delegation,
catching sight of Henry C. Payne on
the platform, paid him a brief and spe
cial tribute and then returned once
more to the cheering for the candidate,
shouting "RooseveJ* 1 " "Roosevelt!"
"Roosevelt!" "New York!" over and
over again.
A small boy, James Calun of Georgia,
'with long, curling hair, was hoisted
upon the platform and waved in fran
tic fashion a small national flag.
Louise Roberts, the young girl who
had created enthusiasm in the Califor
nia delegation, was next carried up and
down on the shoulders of a stalwart
delegate from Indiana. She created a
new furor of enthusiasm as she tossed
her flag to and fro. Little Naomi Da
foe of Alpena, Mich., followed for a
brief period, and when she had waved
her flag but a' few minutes Chairman
Cannon pushed to the front and, say
ing "Please let me hi, my dear," he
rapped vigorously for order. :.: . .,.
. 11ARD TO RESTORE ORDER.
paroxysm of fluttering flags, then
silence, and Black commenced his
speech.
Governor Black pronounced the
nominating words at 11:06 o'clock.
As he did so he retired quickly from
the platform. But the words. "Theo
dore Roosevelt," had not left his lips
when there was a shout. The con
vention was on its feet. Like the
crash of thunder that followed the
lightning. the enthusiasm began.
Flags were in the air, hats were
thrown up, men jumped on their,
chairs, women stood and shouted. The
air was rent by one continuous, pro
longed shout from thousands • of
throats. So mighty was the volume of
applause that nothing definite in the
way of articulate sound was distin
guishable.
CANNON UNFURLS A FLAG.
Chauncsjf Depew Seconds Fair
banks in Characteristic
Speech,
Mention of Rooseveit Brings
a Riot of Approval From
Great Throng.
PARTY REACHES
HALF CENTURY
MARK OF LIFE
As Governor Black reached the desk
of Chairman Cannon he was warmly
greeted by that gentleman and escorted
down to the front of the platform.
Here Chairman Cannon, standing by
the Kide of Black, In a few words in
troduced him to the convention. There
was a succession of shouts from the
contention hall, a chorus of shrieks
from the New York delegation, a
Then followed the announcement
that the recently elected national com
mittee -would meet in the Coliseum
Annex Immediately on the adjourn
ment of the convention.
IJLACK NOMINATES ROOSEVEIiT.
Chairman Cannon at once an
nounced that the next order of busi
nes would be a roll call of the States
for the nomination of President of the
United Stafes.
The clerk called "Alabama," and Im
mediately Oscar R. Hundley of that
frHate mounted a chair and announced
that Alabama requested the honor
and privilege of yielding its place on
the roll to the State of New York.
Instantly the convention was in an
uproar. The New York delegation was
on its feet Jike one man, waving its
flags and Ehouting wildly. Ex-Gov
ernor Frank Black of New York,
chosen to deliver the nominating
epeecb on behalf of President Roose
velt, immediately started" for the plat
form amid the wildest enthusiasm on
the part of the delgates.
"On the 6th day of July, at Jackson,
Mich., there will be celebrated the fif
tieth anniversary of the birth of the
Republican party (applause), the time
when and the place where it received
its name. Secretary Hay will deliver
the principal address. Senator Fair
banks and others will address the m»et
inpr."
At the conclusion of the prayer Chair
man Cannon presented the following
announcement through the reading
clerk:
The Rev. Thaddeus A- Sniveley, rec
tor of St. Chrysostom's Church, was
presented, and at Cannon's suggestion
advanced to the front of the platform.
As he spread forth his arms to Invoke
divine blessing the convention arose.
The animated hum of conversation
ceased and silence prevailed.
Cannon abandoned the hugre gavel
and evened a handsome leather casket
and took out a small one. With this in
his hand and holding the other up to
command silence he advanced to the
front and ordered the delegates to take
their seats. The command was at once
obeyed.
"The convention will be opened with
prayer," he announced.
At 10: SO o'clock Chairman Cannon,
fielding: the immense wooden gavel in
his left hand, arose from his high
backed leather chair and with a re
eounding whack on the table in front of
him commanded the convention to be
In order.
Cheers greeted the arrival of Chair
man Cannon upon the stage and the
band struk up the national hymn.
This was the signal for the conven
tion to rise and the New York delega
tion was conspicuous, each of its mem
bers waving an American flag.
Just before Chairman Cannon's b!g
cavel fell Mrs. M. E. Plummer of the
American Flag Association came upon
the stage and presented him with a
bunch of calla lilies, which "Uncle Joe"
received with a profound bow.
"Put them in your buttonhole," yelled
some one in the gallery.
They were deposited in a vase on the
chairman's desk, which also held a
large bunch of fresh roses.
For the first time during the conven
tion the presence of a large nunlber of
ladies in light gowns made a brilliant
ecene.
CALLS OOXVEXTIO.V TO ORDER.
Secretary Cortelyou arrived promptly
r-n the stroke of 10 and was escorted
to a scat on the platform. He received
a. cordial preetinp, the members of the
National Committee crowding around
to shake his hand. The Secretary and
Postmaster General Payne stepped to
one Bide f<^r a brief chat before the
convention convened.
CONVENTION HAL.U CHICAGO,
June 23.— The nomination of candidates
In a. rational convention is the feature
that appeals most strongly to the pub
lic, and the number of visitors this
morning: gave ample evidence of that
fact. By the time the gavel fell every
¦eat was occupied and the hall was
Jammed to the limit. The delegates,
eomewhat wearied by the session yes
terday, were not as prompt as the
spectators in their arrival, and the or
chestra rendered about one-half of its
diy programme while waiting for the
convention to open.
Governor Carter of Hawaii, notwith
standing his defeat of yesterday, when
he sought to secure an Increased rep
resentation for Hawaii on the floor of
the convention, was one of the early
arrivals and seemed as well pleased as
though he had secured all he sought
and a few thinps in addition.
A few minutes before the assemblage
there was a hurried conference by the
managers which resulted in an agree
ment that Alabama, the first State on
the roll, would yield to New York to
nominate Roosevelt. It way alsu
agreed that Alabama, which was the
first State to instruct for Fairbanks.
V'Uld yield to Iowa to place the Sena
tor's name In nomination for the Vice
Presidency.
Shortly before 10 o'clock the New
York delegation began to enter the
hall. Senator Platt at its head. V»'ith
it rame messengers bringing bundles
<jf flairs, which were to be waved when
th» President was nominated.
Golden Banner Is Borne
Aloft in Parade
Through Aisles,
Are Passing Into
Hew Hands.
Senator Dolliver Nomi
nates Roosevelt's
Running Mate.
Leads in Remarkable
Demonstration in -
the Coliseum.
CALIFORNIA
DELEGATION
SETS PACE
PUCES NAME
OF FAIRBANKS
BEFORE HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,. JUNE . 24, ,1904.
TREMENDOUS OUTBURSTS OF ENTHUSIASM MARK CLOSING DAY OF THE CONVENTION
5BERKELEY, June 23. — Professor
\V. J. Hussey of the University of Cal
ifornia astronomical, 'department; at
Lick Observatory has Just announced
his discovery 'ot 100 new double stars.
A . bulletin describing the stars and
their positions in the heavens was giv
en out at the university to-day.
Discovers a Hundred Stars.
It is said that a surveyor was fooled
Into drawing up incorrect maps on the
false testimony of persons interested
in portions of this rice land.
HONOLULU, June 10. — By perjury
and false statements the Hawaiian
Government has been robbed of twen
ty-three acres of -public land on the
island . of Hawaii. Acting Governor
Atkinson intends to leave no stone un
turned in an effort -to recover this
property to_the. Territory. .
ISI/ANT> GOVERNMENT
VICTIM OF SHARPERS
NEW TORK— Called June 23— Stmr La Sa
vole. for Havre; stmr Blucber, for Hamburg
via. Plymouth and Cherbourg; Mnr Frederick
<.*r GroMe, for Bremen, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg; cUnr Laarentlan. from Glasgow.
Arrived June 23 — ttmr Patricia," from Ham
burg, Bolcgne and Plymouth; passed Nan
tucket Hphishtp at S:40 p m.
MANCHESTER— Arrived June 23— Etmr
U-ernan. from Boston.
'QUEENETmVN — galled June 23— Stmr
Haverford. for Philadelphia; stair Teutonic,
for New York.
GLASGOW - tailed June 23— Etmr Siberian,
for Halifax.
HONGKONO— Eailed June 23— Stmr Em^
press of Jndti, for Vancouver.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 23— Stmr Ce
flric. for New Tork, vta Queenstown.
SalW June 23 — etmr Ionian, for Montreal.
?la Mot-lUe; etmr Kensington, for Montreal.
June 22— fctmr Corclcfei&an, for PorUaal, ,
Balled June 23 — h'tmr Coronado. for £m
Francisco; stmr Grace Dollar, for San Pedro;
fccfcr W F Jewett, for San Francisco.
OCEAX STEAMERS.
fc aJled June 14 — Stmr Nome City, for Seattle
ABERDEEN — Arrived June 23^— Stmr Santa
Barbara, him*- June 19.
NOME— Arrived June 14— Stmr Garonne,
firm Seattle; stmr Portland, from Dutch Har
bor.
TATOOSH— Paused out June SJ— Schr J M
Colman. from Anacortes, for Ban Francisco
SEATTLE — Arrived June Zt— Btmr Henator
from Nome. • . -* /-•
DOMESTIC PORTS
EUREKA— Sailed June 23— Scbr Lottie Car
son, for San Diego.
Thursday, June 23.
Etmr Deecatch. Leviton. .
Etmr Bacu. Monica. OUen, Grays Harbor.
Thursday. June 23.
Rrhr Czarina, Schmaltz, 11 days from Pirate
£ev«.
Strnr Haggle. Corning. 4 hours from Half
mocn Bay.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 4 days from Tacoma
SAILED.
ARRIVED
Late Shipping Intelligence.
NEW YORK. June 23.— Edwin Haw
ley of this city has retired from the
executive committee and directorate of
the Southern. Pacific Railroad Com
pany. Difference of opinion with the
Harriman interests over the manage
ment of the Alton Railroad is, how
ever, thought to have been the cause.
Hawley began his railroad career in
186|7 and for years was one -of the late
Ccrllis P. Huntington's trusted agents
In the development of the Southern
Pacific. He was best known aB* gen
eral traffic manager, although his
sphere of influence extended to all de
partments. Hef is credited with hav
ing negotiated the sale of the Hunt
ington interests to the Union Pacific.
DIFFERS AVITII.IIARRI3IAN,
IT IS SAID, AND RESIGNS
HANFOP.D, /une 23.— C. A. Davi?,
who is wanted in Stockton on a charge
of having passed a forged check on a
furniture firm, was arrested here to
day by Sheriff Buckner. Davis, who
claims to be connected with the Seattle
Parlor Furniture Company of Seattle,
is said to have passed another worth
less check at the Grand Central Hotel,
Fresno. •• ;:
Accused of Passing Forged Checks.
OAKLAND. June 23. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Joseph G.
Fr&tes. 28, and Mary 8. Lebon, 23,
both of San Leandro; George F. E.
Hager. 21. and Nellie Allen, 20, both
of Oakland; George R. Flinn, .23, and
Emma J. Johnson, 21, both of Ala
meda; Charles Goodwin, 28, and Ida
8. Widding, 23, both of Fruitvale.
Maniajre Licenses,
De Young's Stable Fire.
Fire broke out last evening: about
half-past 5 o'clock in the upper por
tion of the stable in the rear of M.
H. de Young's residence, 1919 Califor
nia street. . Before the flames were
finally extinguished the roof and up
per portion of the structure had been
gutted and the magnificent ballroom
waa Jeopardized. During the absence
of Mr. de Young and his family in
Europe the premises have bean under
the care of D. Johnson and his wife.
The smoke was seen issuing- from the
upper portion of the barn, where sev
eral electric light wires have their' en
trance.
The origin of the fire is attributed
to a defective light wire. At the
time of the fire several valuable rigs
and harness were removed to a place
of safety and were .not damaged.
The damage to the bulldinar will ap
proximate $2000.
California Teacher^ Reach St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, June. 2 3.— The teachers
have begun to gather for the great
convention of the National Education
al Association. A special train of
seven cars loaded with California
teachers, 200 teachers from Iowa and
forty from the State of Washington
have arrived. .
Joseph Murphy, George Wheeler and George
Harris were arrested last night and charged
on the small book. • The three- men are ac
cused, of working the short change game on
the unsophisticated merchants of town.
The prosperity of the South Is wrapped up
in the policies of the Republican party, and. the
Southern people are beginning to realize It.
Southern business sentiment Indicates an In
creasing distrust of the policies of the Demo
cratic party. In 1896 Georgia, accustomed to
enormous Democratic majorities, gave 94,000
votes for Bryan and 60.000 for McKlnley;
North "arolina cast 174,000 for Bryan and
155 000 for McKlnley; Virginia gave 154.000
for'Bryan and 135,000 for McKlnley.. And this
was according to Democratic counts. Mary
land and West Virginia cast Republican major-
Ups in both 1896 and 1900. In Virginia.
Georgia and North Carolina In 1900 12 to 15
per cent of the people who had voted in 1886
staved away from the polls and sacrificed their
last opportunity to worship the "popular
Idol" Analysis of election returns shows
that the distrust of Democracy was most pro
nounced and conspicuous In centers of , trade,
manufacture* and commerce, '..,,•
Fellow-countrymen, we of the South believe
In Uooaevelt, and In his ability to meet every
i«sue at home and abroad triumphantly. We
believe, that he is animated by a spirit of
patriotism as bread and r as bright , as .has
ever streamed from the White House over our
beloved country, and we believe that when
he has fulfilled his mission he, the son of the
North and the South, will carry with him the
consciousness that fatherland and motherland,
once divorced in sadness, through him and be
cause of him have been drawn together again
In the bonds of the old affection. And we
believe that when he goes at length Into the
retirements of private life he will go beloved
of all ' patriotic Americans, from Canada to
the Gulf and from ocean to ocean. Mr. Chair
man, in behalf of the motherland. I second
the nomination of, Theodore Roosevelt. • j
DISTRUST OF DEMOCRATS.
great majority of Intelligent business men' In
th« South are In sympathy with the con
trolling principles of your platform and op
posed to those of your opponents as last de
clared. And I am equally sure that they
recognize and respect the fearless honesty of
your leader. Headlines are not history, nor
does the passionate partisan write the final
verdict of a great people. History, despite
the venom of the small politician, will do him
the Justice to record that he has gone further
than any man who has occupied the White
House since the Civil War to further the vital
Interests of the 8outH. The standard of ap
pointment* has been the same for Georgia as
for New York. He has Insisted on efficiency
and integrity as the chief tests. North and
South alike. Of the thousand or more original
PoFtofflce appointments In Georgia under his
administration not one has within my
knowledge been criticized by even the un
frlfindly and partisan press of the State. A
Southern man. General Wright, by his ap
pointment holds tha honor of this country In
mist in the far Philippines, and on him your
President relies for the advancement and de
velopment of the 7.00O.CO0 people who are there
working out their destinies. Two Judges of
•flrn Instance, one a Democrat and one a Re
publican and both from Georgia, are there by
his an ointment to administer the laws. In the
army there and here In the navy and in all the
divisions of the civil government Southern
men have felt the friendly touch of his hand.
The character of these appointments and tha
whole Dollcy give the He to those designing
knaves who charge him with stirring up strife
between races and arraying section against
section "I am proud of your great deeds, for
you are my people." This waa his greeting to
a Southern audience, and no . honest man
doubted that he meant It. . r . .
Some mystery is said to be connected
with an American who landed from the
liner and who subsequently left for
London and the police are endeavoring
to trace him.
LONDON, June 23. — The strange dis
appearance of Kent Loomis, brother of
the Assistant Secretary of State at
Washington, is beginning to cause anx
iety and and to be regarded as a start
ling diplomatic mystery. He left
America on the Kaiser Wilhelm II on
June 14 on a diplomatic mission to Eu
rope, which included the delivery of
important dispatches to General Hor
ace Porter, United States Embassador
at Paris. Loomis should have landed
at Cherbourg. A member of the Amer
ican Embas>sador's staff was waiting to
meet him and accompany him to Paris,
but Loomis did not appear and all
trace of him had . mysteriously van
ished.
Failure of Diplomat's Brother to
Reach Paris Excites Interest In
Official Circles.
DISAPPEARANCE OF LOOM1S
BEGINS TO CAUSE ANXIETY
With several of his playmates the
lad was celebrating the advent of the
Fourth of July Sunday by discharging
fireworks. In his efforts to cause a
powerful firecracker to explode young
Bruzzone held it too long. When it
went off it tore away the palm of the
boy's hand and tetanus set in later.
Deceased was the son of Mr. and Mrs-
John Bruzzone of 1815 Eighth street.
ALAMEDA. June 23. — Lockjaw
from a wound in the right hand,
caused by the explosion of a large
firecracker, ended the life of 9-year
old John Bruzzone at the Alameda
Sanatorium last evening.
N me- Year-Old Boy Succumbs to In-
Jury Received in CelcbratinK Ad
vent of the Fourth.
The Denver. Northwestern and Pacific Rail
road will be pushed beyond the range as fast at
we can lay the rails. Those who say we have
stopped where we are and cannot go farther for
lack of money are the usual howlers. If these
howlers have any bills against me. let them
present them and I will pay them — only let
them let u* alone. DAVID H. MOFFATT.
Four thousand tons of steel rails
have been ordered for the Moffat
short line by General Manager A. C.
Ridg-eley, and within a few months
thirty additional miles of track will
have been laid toward the ultimate
goal — Salt Lake City. ' •
"We do not intend to request bids
for the big tunnel 7 for six months,"
said Moffat, "and will use the track
on the hillsides until it is finished.
But we are pushing work'beyond the
ranges and intend reaching the coal
and cattle country beyond as soon as
possible.", '.
DENVER, June 23.— David H.
Moffat to-day published the following
announcement relative to the new
railroad:
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, June 23.
A certified copy of the articles of in
corporation of the Denver, Northwest
ern and Pacific Railroad Company,
with a capital of $20,000,000, was filed
here to-day. This is the so-called
"Moffatt road," now building from
Denver to Salt Lake.
western and Pacific Railroad Will
Be Pushed Rapidly.
Announces That the Denver, North-
MOFFAT DENIES STORY
OF A LACK OF FUNDS
FIRECRACKER CAUSES
LOCKJAW AND DEATH
ALAMEDA. June 23. — Despondent
because of his repeated failures to ob
tain work, Albert Johnson, shipwright,
swallowed an ounce of carbolic acid
this afternoon at his home, 1431 Sher
man street, and died very* soon In
frightful agonies in the presence of
his wife. Mary Johnson; his daughter.
Miss May Johnson, and his step
daughter. Miss Annie Mullen. Dr. W.
A. Brooke was called too late.
Johnson was a native of Sweden,
aged 54 years. He had been employed
at Hay & Wright's shipyards at Ala
meda Point, but of late had been Idle
owing to lack of work at the plant.
Albert Johnson. Failin* in Efforts to
Secure Employment, Ends Life
With Carbolic Acid.
DESPAIRS AND DIES
WHEN OUT OF WORK
CALIFORNIA GIRL A STAR
ON EASTERN TENNIS COURTS
Miss May Sutton of Pasadena Reaches
Seml-Flnal Round in Cham
pionship Event.
PHILADELPHIA, June 23. — Miss
May ' Sutton of Pasadena, Cal., and
Miss Helen Homans of the West Side
Tennis Club of New York won their
matches in the semi-final round of the
women's lawn tennis tournament for
the championship of the United States
tp-day on the courts of the Philadel
phia Cricket Club. The surprise of the
day was Miss Homans' victory over
Miss Marion Hall of California, who
was looked upon by many as having
an excellent chance of reaching the
finals.
Miss Sarah Coffin of Staten Island
was easily defeated by Miss -Sutton.
Summary:- ¦ . • - ¦ : • • - ,
Singles: Semi-final round — Miss Homans of
New York beat Miss Hall of California, 6-4.
ti-3; Miss Sutton of California beat Miss Coffin
of titaten Island. 6-1. 6-0.
Women's doubles: First round — Miss Sutton
and MI.«9 Hall of California beat Miss Roberts
and Mrs. Fisher of Philadelphia. «-0, «-0.
Mixed doubles; First round — Miss Marian
Hall and 8. H. Collum of Philadelphia beat
Helen Homans of New York and Mr. Rowland
of Philadelphia. 6-4, 6-3; Miss Sutton of Cali
fornia and T. B. Dallas of Philadelphia beat
Miss Sarah Coffin of Staten Island and F. H.
Bates of Philadelphia. 6-1, 6-2.
COLONEL PITCHER'S CASE
IN THE HANDS OF TAFT
Latest Advices From Washington In
dicate That Court-Martial Pro
ceedings Will Be Dropped.
Local army officers expressed much
gratification yesterday over the dis
patch received from Washington' rel
ative to the probability of the charges
now pending against Lieutenant Col
onel Pitcher being dismissed. When
seen at the Presidio Colonel Pitcher
said he had not been officially ad
vised from Washington and could not
discuss the subject. Last evening the
following dispatch was received,
which more clearly gives the present
status of the case: .
WASHINGTON, June 23.— Lieutenant Col
onel Pitcher will probably not be court-mar
tialed on charges preferred against him after
he broke off his engagement with Miss Caro
lina Harold, a War Department clerk. George
R Davis, judge advocate general of the array,
has submitted a report on the cane to . the
chief of staff, who has brought It to the at
tention of the Secretary of War. whose de
cision which Is final, is expected within a
few days. During the Investigation of the
charges it developed that Lieutenant Colonel
Pitcher instead of going away Just before
his wedding day and falling to notify his
to-be bride of his movements, wrote her a letter
the day following his departure from Wash
ington.
The Signal Service and Hospital
Corps men that are to take part In the
general maneuvers of the troops of the
Department of the Columbia at Amer
ican Lake, in .Washington, will leave
here on June 30. They will go In a spe
cial train, which will take the Hospital
Corps of 100, under command of Cap
tain J. S. Kulp, from here, and on the
way north they will stop at Benicla
and take on the Signal Corps, number-
Ing sixty-five men, in command of
Captain Carl F. Hartmann.
Captain Frank L. Winn reports that
Companies A, E, K and M, Thirteenth
Infantry, under command of Major
William Black, are doing fine work on
the rifle range at Rodeo. They will
complete their practice there on July 7.
The general rifle practice competition
of all troops In this department begins
July 25 at Ord Barracks.
Major William l<assiter will go in
command of the infantry and Captain
John T. Nance in command of the cav
alry and pistol competition.
General MacArthur, accompanied by
Major Parker W. West, will make the
annual inspection of Fort Miley to
morrow.
Major Lea Feblger. .returned yester
day from his tour of Inspection of the
infantry stationed in the Department
of the Columbia.
Major Mason Jackson, U. S. A., re
tired, registered at headquarters yes
terday. He is located at 900 Sutter
street.
SELBACH'S THREE ERRORS
DASH WASHINGTON'S HOPES
Christy Mattliewson Keeps Boston's
Hits Well Scattered and New
York Wins Easily.
STANDING OF THE CLUB3.
(National League.) I (American League.)
\V. L. Pct.| W. L. Pet.
New York... 38 16 .704 Boston 35 19 .600
Chicago C3 19 .635 New York... 31 21 .596
Cincinnati ..34 21 .618 Chicago 32 23 .5S0
PltUkurg ...28 26 .BJ9 Philadelphia.. 2S 24 .5T.S
Bt. Louis.... 2tt 26 .SCO Cleveland ...26 24*. 520
Brooklyn ....22 35 .3S6 St. Louis.... 24 26 .4R0
Boston 21 34 .3*2 Detroit 22 29 .431
Philadelphia.. 13 38 .255! Washington.. 9 42 .177
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON, June 23. — Washington and
New York had an Interesting tie contest to-day
until the eighth Inning, when Selbach's three
errors let In five runs. Attendance, 1000. The
score : ;
' n. h. e.
Washington 4 11 4
New York 7 12 2
Batterle* — Townsend and Clarke; Powell and
McOutre.
ST. LOUIS, June 23.— The Detroit Americans
shut out the St. Louis Americans here to-day.
Kllllan and Glade both pitched good ball. At
tendance, 1300. Score:
H. H. E.
St Louis 0 7 1
Detroit 2 7 1
Batteries— Glade and Kaboe; Kllllan and Bue
low.
PHILADELPHIA. June 23.— Timely hitting
resulted In a victory for the home team to-day.
Boston's only run was made In the eighth In
ning on a double and singles by Stahl and
Freeman. Attendance. 6200. Score:
R. HJ E.
Boston • 1 6 2
Philadelphia.. • 5 8 0
Batteries— Gibson and Farrell; Plank and
Powers.
CHICAGO, June 23. — The locals won another
hard fought pitchers' battle to-day. Both
Smith and Bernhard were In great form and
were bacTced up by perfect support. Attend
ance, 6320. Score:
n. h. e.
Chicago 2 7 0
Cleveland 18 0
Batteries— Smith and McFarland; Bernhard
and Bemis.
ATTEL GETS DECISION"
OVER JOHNNY" REGAN'
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. June 23.— After Abe
Attel got the decision over Johnny Re
gan to-night in a fifteen-round bout
Tommy Bramwell, one of Attel's sec
onds, and Johnny Regan became in
volved in a dispute which resulted in
a free-for-all fight. The participants
in the fight numbered about forty and
included the police, seconds on both
sides and Referee Sharpe.
Police Lieutenant' MeKenna In the
confusion landed a fierce right swing
upon' Sharpe. nearly flooring him.
Bramwell began celebrating Attel's
victory by turning several somersaults.
Began removed his gloves . and went
right after Bramwell. knocking him
out of the ring. In the disorder which
followed Joe Lydon. the 13S-pound
amateur champion of St. Louis, Jack
Root and George Monroe fought des
perately but unsuccessfully to separate
the combatants. Order was finally re
stored by a squad' of twenty police
men. The Attel-Regan bout was much
tamer than the aftermath.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. June 23.— Flttaburg could
not hit Taylor at any stage and scored their
only run on an error. Lever's arm went wrong
In the second Inning. Miller made a good effort
to save the game, but could not do It. Attend
ance, 2900. Score:
R. H. E.
Plttsburg .......:. 1 4 3
St. Louis 3 6 2
Batteries— Leever, Miller and Smith; Taylor
and McLean. Umpire — Moran.
BOSTON, June 23.— Matthewson pitched fine
ball to-day and kept Boston's hits well scat
tered ¦ while New York's were bunched. At
tendance, 2500. Score: -J: „•.;!:
R. H. E.
New York 6 11 3
Boston 2 9 5
Batteries— Matthewson and Bowcrman; Plt
tlnger and Needham. Umpire — Zltnmer.
BROOKLYN. N. Y., June 23. — With - a bat
ting rally In the ninth Inning Brooklyn de
feated Philadelphia to-day. Thomas was struck
In the face by a thrown ball In the third in
ning and ;¦ was forced to give way to Barry.
Attendance, 2500. ' Score:
• | •*• R. H. E.
Philadelphia 4 3 6 1
Brooklyn 5 9 2
Batteries*— Duggleby and Dooln; Poole and
Ritter. Umpire — Johnston*.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June 23.— The locals
played a poor game In the field. Corrldon was
succeeded byBriggs in the seventh, after three
base hits had teen made off him. Attendance,
3100. Score: _ ...
Cincinnati 4 .10 B
Chicago • « 8.3
Batteries— Hahn and J"eiti; Corrldon. Brlggs
and Kllng.' Umpire— Emslie.
Veterans Leave for Home.
PETALUMA, June 23.— Camp Pardee
is now a pleasant memory, and to-day
the veterans were busily engaged in
preparing for their departure. The re
serves left this afternoon for their
homes at Oakland. They were cheered
by an immense crowd that gathered to
see them off. The visitors were pleased
with the treatment they received while
In this city, and regretted that the
time for their departure bad arrived.
Belle Kenny was charged, with grand lar
ceny yesterdar by Detectives Regan, O'Con
nell and Coleman. She is accused of robbing
H. Cullen of 326 Fourth street of a gold watch
and chain and a diamond ring, and F. Hughes
cf 218 Dor* street of a diamond stud.
Sheet Metal Workers— President. George
Omar; vice president. J. Short; recording sec
retary. L. Deluchl; financial secretary, J. A.
Clausius; treasurer, M. n. Bankhead; con
ductor. Prank Deluchl; warden, George Crist -
man; trustee. J. Barton; delegates to Building
Trades Council— M. R. Bankbead. D. H. Bon
r-sll. J. Barker; delegate* to District Council
of Sheet Metal Workers of San Francisco— H.
B. Rush. A. Short. J. A. Clauslos.
Amalgamated Society of Carpenters—Prfsi
dent. T. M. Latlmer; vice president, John
Berry; recording secretary, George • Lock;
treasurer. J. D. Davis; sick steward. J. Ol
son; doorkeeper. J. Germain; delegates" to
Building Trades Council— Messrs. Latlmer.
Berry. Telford; delegates to District Council
of Carpenter* — Messrs. Bruce and Stetman
Laborers' Protective Association — President,
J. McNally; vice president. Barney MeKenna;
recording secretary, E. Mercer; financial sec
retary. J. Arlett; treasurer. J. H. Ostar; trus
tees — Fred Carson. James Clancey, Daniel
McBrithy; delegate to Building Trades Coun
cil — M. Scanlan. Fred Careon J. Arlett; dele
gate to new department council, M. Scanlan.
OAKLAND. June 23. — The boycott
against the Sparta oyster house was
removed to-day, the proprietor having
signed the agreement with the Cooks'
anfl Waiters' Union and the restaurant
is now on the "fair list." The pro
prietor has dismissed the cases against
the pickets of the union whom he had
arrested for disturbing the peace.
Three local -unions elected officers
last night to serve for the ensuing
term. The elections resulted as fol
lows:
Proprietor or the Blacklisted Sparta
Stens an Agreement With Cooks
and Waiters.
UNION" REMOVES BOYCOTT
AGAINST OYSTER HOUSE
The Board of Health met last night
to hear the recommendations made by
the Dairymen's Association in refer
ence to the proposed ordinance regu
lating milking sheds and barns. Con
struction, ventilation' and sanitation
were thoroughly considered.
There were present: President -Dr.
J. W. Ward, Drs. W. R. Harvey. P/J.
Poheim. J. V. Hughes and J. Coplln
fe'tinson, members of the Board of
Health; D. F. Ragan, Health Officer,
and Louis Levy, Deputy Health Of *
fleer. Attorneys E. D. Knight and Col
onel George Pippy, who represented
the Dairymen's Association; some fifty
members of that organization and Dr,
Rupert Blue of the United States Hos
pital Service.
The dairymen and their attorneys
put up a strong fight to have the or
dinance greatly modified. They have
partly succeeded.
In regard to article 1, instead of the
barn being of sufficient size to average
600 cubic feet of air space to each cow.
as required, a compromise was effected
and «0 feet or its equivalent was final
ly decided upon. In article 2 the point
about the size of windows brought up
a big discussion. The ordinance called
for windows 4x4 in size at Intervals o|
every six feet. Dairyman John D.
Daly of San Mateo said that windows
of this size would cause half of the
cows in the building: to jump through
them, as he knew from actual experi
ence.
After a long wrangle it was decided
that windows should be 2*^x4 and ul
distances of ten feet or its equivalent.
WA.VT GOOD FLOORS.
Under article 3 the floor must be so
impervious as to admit of no leakage
to the ground beneath, a gutter drain
to carry off discharges and a sewer to
connect therewith to carry the dis
charges 300 feet away from the barn.
Article 4 provides that feed boxes an;
to be so constructed that they can be
hosed out. The question of cleansing
the floors and walls of the stable, as
provided in article 6, was a hard nut to
crack. The board wanted the floors*
flushed every day after each milking
by water under high pressure.
Mr. Daly said this was entirely Im
practicable. The place would never
dry and the slippery floors 'would cause
the cows to fall down right and left.
Dr. Blue said flushing was, a good
thing and he thought the floors should
be flushed daily. He. however,
had never run a cow barn and spoke
from the standpoint of a bacterial ex
pert.
Henry Brewer suggested that lime
Instead of water be introduced.
It was decided that the floors shall
be sprinkled and cleaned once a day in
place of the slushing.
The location of the milk house wu a
bone of contention. In the- course of th.a
discussion Mr. Daly said he wanted to
understand if the board wanted tf>
drive all the milkmen out of business.
Dr. Ward in replying said that the
conditions were such that it was im
perative to have changes and that for
the health and welfare of* the people
they would have to take place. Milk
should hereafter come up to a bac
teriological standard and that was all
there was to it.
POINTS AT ISSUE.
"It Is a marvel to me," said - Mr.
Daly, "that if conditions are aa you
say that any one Is living In Califor
nia at present."
Dr. Ward retorted: "There are not
as many living as have a right to live,
and if we had pure milk they would
be living. It la in order to' protect
those who cannot protect themselves
that we are taking these measures."
The provisions are as follows:
The milkhouse. according- to article I, thaU
be In a arrarate building.
• Article II — Screens moit b« put orer all
windows and doors.
Article III — The milk must be taken to th»
mlikhouse in a covered call.
Article IV — Vats and ether receptacles uae£
to cool milk shall be of wood or of cement.
Article V says the milkbouse shall be waahed 1
out dally.
Article VI— Helpers who handle milk shall
be personally clean.
F. F. Piant, owner of the Piant Farm
Dairy, . situated near Vallejo, states
that if the proposed ordinance was
passed he would be driven out of busi
ness. The provisions of the ordinance
would cause the production of milk to
almost double in price, hence the con
sumer in San Francisco, who 13 now
paying 8 1-3 cents a quart, will prob
ably be compelled to pay about 15 cents.
Great stress was laid In the
meeting on the subpject of the
Hotaling Model Dairy, which was
said to be nearest up to the standard
of the proposed ordinance. Mr. Daly
stated that he understood the Hotaling
dairy was losing $10,000 a year. -
The committee did not adjourn until
2:S0 o'clock this morning and the work
it did is subject to revision.
Deported Miner Commits Suicide.
DENVER, June 23. — Emil X* John
son, a miner who was deported from
Cripple Creek by the military, ' com
mitted suicide here to-day. He was
despondent because his wife and two
small children were left destitute in
Cripple Creek.
Under this ruling the entire estate
roes to the widow. The only property
in her possession at the time of his
death, however, was the money he
itft her in the bank. If the other
money is to be recovered from Rey
nolds it must be done by another
rult.
"When illness becomes so great that
there is little enjoyment left in life
1 can understand a man balancing up
i re against the other and forestalling
"hat he believes to be the inevitable."
j-aid "Judge Greene in the course of re
marks made by. him at the probate of
the Hartery trill to-day.
By Haiiery'B arts shortly before hi?
death Judge* Greene, however, is of
ihe opinion that he was not sane and
that there was Dot EUflieient cause for
him to commit #u«h an a<t. The de
i eased lived at Hay wards and was
posfcessed of considerable mean?. His
v.ife was ill in San Francisco, and he
« oniplained to friends that her family
was petting all of his money.
A few days before he killed himself
he gavo J. F. Reynolds, president of
i he Oakland Meat Company, a deed to
property at Haywards valued at about
$10,000. A couple of hours before his
death he wrote an order to the Oak
land Savins* Bank to give his wife
*HO0 he had on deposit there. He had
a brother with whom he had never
quarreled and a niece of whom he was
very fond. He gave neither of them a
cent. Most of his property was given
to a comparative stranger, and to the
wife. who. it was alleged, was the
< auw of his Insanity, he gave all that
he had left. From these actions Judge
Greene held that Hartery was not of
*ound mind.
A man can be the sanest of men
and still commit suicide, according to
the expressed opinion of Judge W. E.
Oreene to-day; but Michael Hartery,
Tvhose will is being contested, was not
une of these.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1016 Broadway. June 23.
For many years Heyneman was a
hackman and stableman in this city.
His health failed some time ago, when
lie was attacked by rheumatism. For
seven months he had been unable to
v/ork. Each day's sufferings added to
his burden. At noon to-day he went to
a nearby drug' store, bought strych
nine and returned home with the poi
son. He went to the basement, took
the powder and was dead at 2:30
o'clock. The Coroner took charge of
the body.
Heyneman was 43 years old, a native
of California. His father was one of
the first residents of . Oakland, having
for years conducted a large garden re
sort on the site of City Hall park.
Frederick M. Heyneman, despondent
from lilness and lack of employment,
swallowed strychnine this afternoon at
his home, 813 Castro street, and then
called his wife and four children to say
good-by to them. Little Claire, his 11
year-old daughter, was the first to re
spond to her father's call. In the base
ment she found him in convulsions.
With a scream of terror the child ran
out. alarming the neighborhood. Dr.
J. T. Kitchings was summoned, but
Heyneman was dead before the physi
cian arrived.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June '-3.
The accident, which resulted in the
permanent Injury of one of the doctor's
valuable horses, was caused by the .rot
tenness of the planking of the bridge,
which in some places is so decayed that
it will scarcely support the weight of a
man.
The srjot where the accident hap
pened is near the east end of the bridge.
Dr. Dunn was driving at a rapid pace
when suddenly one" of the horses
stepped upon one of the rotten planks.
Both of its fore feet went through the
bridge and the horse was thrown, tear
ing the harness and breaking the pole
of the buggy. . .
The sudden stop threw Dr. Dunn
from the seat and he narrowly escaped
being hurled over the dashboard under
the struggling horses. By the time the
creature was extricated from its plight
its fore legs and shoulders were gashed
and torn by the splintered planks, and
the horse was permanently crippled.
The frantic struggles of the animal
smashed a large hole in the flimsy
flooring, which broke away repeatedly.
Dr. Dunn on his return immediately
notified -the Street Department of the
condition of the bridge, which has been
out of repair for a long time.
Dr. J: P. H. Dunn, a well-known
physician of this city, had a. narrow
escape from death on the Eighth-street
bridge this evening while returning
from a call on a patient in Ea^t Oak
land.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 23.
The contest over the estate of the
late Gertrude Goewey Havens, wife
of John W. Havens of Berkeley, has
been compromised, and to-morrow the
formal notice of the dismissal of the
contest will be presented to the court.
The Infant son and beir, bora a few
da>-8 prior to the death of Mrs. Havens,
by the terms of the compromise, will
Inherit all of its mother's interest in
the Goewey Estate Company of San
Francisco, valued at about $30,000 and
bringing in a monthly income of be
tween $75 and $100.
John W. Havens, father of the in
fant, was 'appointed its guardian by
Judge \V. K. Gre.ene this morning for
the purpose of effecting the compro
mise. By agreement Charles, Frank
and James Goewey, who were contest
ing the probating of their sister's will,
are to receive about $2600 and some
personal property which formerly be
longed to her mother. The entire in
terest of the deceased in the - Goewey
Estate Company, however, is to go to
the child, who is 15 months old.
By a will made by Mrs. Havens on
her wedding day she left all of her
interest in the Goewey Estate. Com
pany to her three brothers. She and
her husband were to travel in Europe,
and she provided that, in case of ac
cident, the brothers should inherit the
property. The will was never changed
until Mrs. Havens was on her death
bed. A/son had been born to her. and
when she was told that she could not
recover she made a will leaving every
thing she possessed to the child.
The brothers filed their will" as
against the last one. and claimed that
their sister at the time she made thi3
will was not competent to make one,
and that she had been unduly influ
enced. She was so weak at • the time
that she was unable to sign her name
and could only make. her mark. By the
compromise the trial of the contest
will now be avoided.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, June 23.
Iiartery Does Not Come Un
der Category of What He
Names as Sane Suicide
Valuable Animal «Is Per
manently Crippled *by Its
Struggles to Get Free
Brothers of the Deceased
Woman Give Up Their Ef
fort to Obtain Her Property
Despondency From Sickness
and Lack of Work Causes
3Ian to Take His Departure
Milkmen Say Provisions Are
So Severe That They Work
Hardships on the Trade
SEEK TO MODIFY LAW
CREDIT NOT GOOD.
These matters are a Just cause for complaint
by taxpay- r« of this county and should be rem
edied. '
We find that, notwithstanding the wealth of
this county and the large amount of taxes
collected, the merchants are obliged to watch
the different funds available before extending
credit to the county, and some refuse to sell to
the county under any conditions. It frequently
happens that, owingito the probability of there
being a deficit In the several funds of the coun
ty, and bills not being, paid promptly... mer
chant* in making their bids put some at a
much higher price than . they would accept if
they were eure of getting their money. The
credit of this county should be as good as that
cf the United States Government, and the war
rant* on the 'county tr«*.a«ury should not haVe
to be disposed of at. a discount. . .
We investigated the condition of the town
ship Jails at Pleasanton | and Livermore and
found the Jail at Livermore in an unsanitary
condition, which has since been remedied. We
recommend the building of an additional town
ship Jail, steel lined, at Pleaj-anton, this being
necessary 6n account of the overcrowded condi
tion of the Jail at certain times during the
year.
Having finished the duties for which we were
impaneled,- we respectfully request your, hon
orable court for our discharge as members of
this Grand Jury. Very respectfully submitted.
E. H. MARWEDEL, Foreman.
MAILLER SEA HUES. Secretary. •
Oakland, Cal., Juno 23, 1904.
lowing report regarding the charges
against Supervisor H. D. Rowe:
We havt Investigated the charge* brought
against Supervisor H D. Rowe in regard to
his having charged excessive mileage, and In
our Judgment Supervisor Rowe d,id noC over
charge mileage, but acted within the law pro
vided to govern Supervisor* in the matter of
mileage.
Inasmuch as it has come to the attention of
the Jury that the Supervisors contemplate
changing the grade of the ground ' around the
Courthouse, wo consider .. any such change
would be an extravagant and useless expendi
ture of public moneys and that no additional
light would be given to the basement as a re
sult of proposed work. We strongly recom
mend that the proposed change be not made.
The grounds around the county buildings in
Oakland w« find are taken care of at an ex
pense of two hundred and forty- five dollars per
month, far which expenditure the work done
la entirely Inadequate, the grounds .around the
Courthouse being In a deplorable condition,
and that thla is by far too great an expendi
ture for services rendered.
The Board of Supervisors' refusal to
pay the claim of C. S. McMullln for
$20,000 for the discovery of assessable
property .which was not on the assess
ment roll is sustained.
This is the Jury's stand on the in
firmary deficit:
In the matter of the deficit In th» County
Infirmary fund, amounting to about $17,009,
Inasmuch as special legislation has in the past
been provided for the payment of a deficit in
the city and county of San Francisco, we rec
ommend that such special legislation be enacted
as will place the credit of the county on a
proper. basis and that future Boards of Super
visors be fo governed by such needful amend
ment to the county government act as will pre»
vent a recurrence of this deficit in any tund,
and the finances of the county should be so
managed as to leave a balance In each fund at
the end of the fiscal year! ' ¦ .
In relation to the extensive repairs being
doqe about the Courthouse at the present time,
we criticize the Supervisors for entering into
an- agreement for mechanical work, such as
paper hanging and painting, at an -expense* to
the county of $tt per day for eight hours' -work,
when the master painters' charge for private
work is but 1 1 50 and $5.
The District Attorney's office was renovated
at the enormous expense of 11030. being for
material furnished and, 135 days' labor at $6
per day. .. v
In the matter of moneys paid to indigent*,
we find that the amount of money paid la
largely In excess of last year, and we find no
reasonable explanation of this, and recommend
a more careful expenditure of the public
money for these cases.
We Indorse the plan of the Board of Super
visors to co-operate with the different charita
ble organizations, and believe this co-operation
will be productive of a saving to the 'county.
In the. matter of extravagances In purchase*
for the county, we find upon investigation that
the highest prices are often paid, and, in order
to curry out the Idea of purchasing from local
merchant)*, the county Is obliged In some cases
to pay a" very large percentage more than
goods could be purchased for in the open mar-
We deplore this insufficiency In the statutes
and the number of loopholes left for the
escapo of guilty parties because of technicali
ties and vague laws.
This applies In particular * to the racetrack
at Emeryville, the very hotbed and source
of crime. The county stink* with this evil,
and all honorable consideration should be given
to the limiting of Its corruption.
Emeryville was incorporated for the purpose
of prohibiting Interference with- the vice to be
carried on within Its . boundaries, millions of
dollars spent, and as a reward we receive
defalcations and ruin to our Institutions, both
public and private.
We recommend that a more definite law be
pasted governing poolselling and the necessity
of confining all horseraclng within the State
to two weeks In the year.
The Jury investigated the matter of
slot machines and caused all money
paying machines and gambling de
vices to be abolished throughout the
county, except such machines as are
run as merchandise machines, which
they were advised are run under the
protection of the law. With regard to
street signs and obstructions the Jury
recommended the regulations govern
ing and regulating billboards, fences
and street obstruction?, more particu
larly in front of buildings in course of
erection, be thoroughly revised and
enforced, especially within the fire
limits of the city, these regulations to
include proper passageway and pro
tection to pedestrians in front of
buildings in course of construction.
The Grand Jury submitted the fol-
The Oakland race track came in for
a severe scoring at the hands of the
jury in the following words:
RACETRACK CENSURED.
There has been considerable criticism re
garding the expenditure of money for the
County Infirmary: inasmuch as this is a
charitable, institution and the expense per
capita as compared with other large cities
very moderate, we recommend that additional
facilities be granted and the institution be
made thoroughly up-to-date.
The jury made thorough Investigation into
the charg-en brought, against the management
of the County Infirmary, more particularly
regarding fraud In drugs, and we beg to
report we could find no evidence to support
the charges brought against Dr. Clark.
After Investigation of the charges of ex
travagance in furnishing the rottage of the
superintendent this body flndi the charges un
founded.
The Grand Jury found that the Coun
ty Jail has been kept in first-class con
dition under the administration of
Sheriff John Bishop, with the single
exception that the Chinese quarter,
which is used for the United States
prisoners, is somewhat overcrowded.
Regarding the charges brought
against the management of the Coun
ty Infirmary" the report was as fol
lows : t
In the matter of the mutilation .of the rec
ords in the Recorder's office we found that
the binding of about seventy-five books had
been mutilated, but the evidence obtainable
by the Jury was insufficient to Incriminate
ar.y Derson or persons.
In regard to the conduct of the coun
ty affairs the jury made an exhaustive
investigation and had the following to
say on the. extravagance in county
management:
"We beg to report that In the matter of
the Cor.tra Coata Water Company 1 » asses»
ment the' erasures referred to were made by
clerkg In the Assessor's office during the per
formance of their official duties and had no
eflect disastrous to or Jeopardizing the in
terests of taxpayers.
OAKLAND, June 23.— The Grand
Jury submitted Its final report to-day
and was discharged by Judge B. F.
Ogden. One indictment was returned.
Former Constable Ka. Weidler was
found guilty of malfeasance in .office
and -embezzlement. A bench warrant
was immediately issued tor his arrest,
but it is believed that he is now in
Canada.
PARENT TAKES POISON
FLOOR GIVES WAY
COMPROMISE CONTEST
LAST WILL SET ASIDE
Judge Greene Decides That
. Man in Senses May Seek
to End a Life of Pain
Horse Driven by Dr. Dunn
Falls Through Planking
of Eighth Street Bridge
Little Daughter Responds
to Father's Call and Sees
Him in the Last Throes
Son of John W: Havens to
: Inherit Mother's Share in
the Goejvey Company
Sanitation of Sheds and
Barns Becomes Greatest
of Questions to the People
Much Talk of Extravagance and Misspent
Money — Credit Hard to Get—-Improve
ments Effected in Municipal Institutions
IS NOT SIGN
OF INSANITY
ENDS HIS LIFE
BESIDE CHILD
PHYSICIAN HAS
NARROW ESCAPE
INFANT HEIR
GETS ESTATE
HEALTH BOARD
AFTER DAIRIES
GRAND JURY OF ALAMEDA COUNTY
TURNS IN ITS FINAL REPORT
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, .. JUNE 24, 19Q4.
Continued From Page 4, Column 4.
SOUTH SHARES IN PROSPERITY.
' WASHINGTON. June 23. — The battleship
Missouri lias arrived at Gibraltar and will Join
Bear Admiral > Barker's ¦ squadron at Piraeus.
SANTA ROSA, June 23.— Prune grow
ere of Healdsburg and vicinity are
forming a pool for the handling of the
crop this season. ; They- will make an
effort to get into the early markets,
make early shipments and get early re
turns. The pool will be operated for a
period of five years at least. . .
Prune Growers Form a Pool.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IVY OR OAK
POISONING
immediately re!ie»ed and quickly cured by
Harmless, although a most powerful
healnir agent.
I will send on receipt of » cents to
pay postage.
A TRIAL BOTTLE FREE.
Send for it now. It will immediately
relieve and promptly cure laicct Biles,
Him, Prfcir/ Heat, Saofera. etc
Sold by leading druigl.it*.
None tjenulno without my signature.
6lO Prince Street, New York.
l«4 far Bmkl* « " H»w to tm» Amm."
•nuialax kudr«U «f *— Mr*— liiln »f iiiiin
nt nra.
FREE.
ONE BOX (3 CAKES)
HIGH GRADE
• PERFUMED TOILET SOAP
TO ALIi PERSONS BRINGING
A WANT AD TO-DAY FOR
" INSERTION IN
; NEXT SUN^AY'S^CALL.
(See 'Ad on Page.) :Price. of Refined Sugar Advances.
NEW YORK, j June 23.— All grades of
refined sugar were advanced 5 cents a
hundred pounds to r day.'-- : :
• And may all the people, duly considering that
It Is thy authority that they bear, faithfully
and obediently 'honor them and aid them In
guarding the highest standards of uprightness
and integrity and unselfish patriotism.
Upon this great multitude here gathered, we
ask thy blessing. Keep before us, we pray
thee, high motive and lofty aim, and grant
In thy Infinite goodness that this convention
may have its part in holding aloft tho highest
Ideals and most glorious standards of true
citizenship. Wilt thou so direct their delibera
tions that only high influence* may have sway,
and that the best results for our dear country
may be advanced by their work; that thus
they may do their part In helping to the order
ing and settling of all thitiRs upon tha surest
foundations that .peace and happiness, truth
and Justice, religion and piety, itmy be estab
lished among us for -all generationa. -^
Finally, we pray for all the people of thra
land that thou wonldst- direct u«. U Lord, in
all our doings with thy most " gracious favor
and further us with thy continual help, that In
all our works begun, continued and ended In
thee ' we mny ttlorify thv holy name, and tin
ally,' by thy . mercy, obtain everlasting life
through him who hast taught us to say:
••Our Father, who are In heave"n, . hallowed
be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy wilt
be done on earth, as.lt Is done in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive
us our trespasses, as , wo forgive those who
trespass against us. And lead us not Into
temptation, but deliver us from evil; -for thine
Is the kingdom, and, the pojver and the glory,
forever and ever. Amen.". .
HIGH AND -LOFTY AIMS.
responsibility, that they, knowing whose minis
ters they are. may, above all things, seek thy
honor and glory.
Wilt thou grant them thy grace that they
may always Incline to thy will and walk tn
they way?
UNCLOUDE1> BY BIAS.
He Is a Just man, and believes that a man
should be Judged by merit and merit -alone,
and that the just rewards of faithful and pa
triotic service should be withheld from no one
fTr any cause whatever.
. With a vision unclouded by bias or prejudice
he Fees through the outer clay, clad In dif
ferent hues, the man within, and there be
holds the image of tbe divine master indi
cating the fatherhood of God and the broth
erhood of man.
Criticism— bitter, severe, unreasonable— has
only served to make him the more devoted
to his country's welfare,- . ¦ .
He believes that corruption and dishonesty In
private life and in public office should be un
earthed, exposed and punished, no matter who
the guilty party may be or how high In official
life he may stand.
He believes that respect for and obedience
to law are the foundation upon which this
Government must rest, and that the violation
of the oath of office Is little less than treason.
He believes that the constitution of . the
• TO NAME A GENERAL.
In a word, we have given a full and com
plete report of the etewardshlp committed to
our care during the past four. years. It be
comes the duty of this convention to name a
general who we hope, and believe will lead
the great Republican host to victory in the
coming election, a man who will In every way
measure up to the responsibility of tbe high
office of President of this country. Such a
one In the person of our Chief . Executive has
been ably and eloquently placed before you,
and heartily do we Mil Indorse what has been
said.
"'By their fruit* ye shall know them." The'
odore Roosevelt brings to his party and the.
nation at the close of his administration the
pj -clous fruits of three years' able and faith
ful service.
Tb« tolemn promise made by him when
gloom and distress overshadowed the nation,
when stout hearts grew faint, when fears
and misgivings were abroad in the land, when
the nation bowed In tears for her fallen hero,
that promise made at a most trying time in
our country's life has been kept to the let
ter, and he- brings as an evidence of such
the plans and purposes of his martyred pre
decessor fully developed and completed.
He la above all things a true, honest, earn
est patriotic American citizen.
He is a leader of unfli/ichlng courage — a
man of wisdom — a man of action."
He 1* open and frank, free from Intrigue or
concealment. In his life and walk and con
duct he stands unapproached and unapproach
able. He U a broad man. broad In Intellect,
broad In sympathies, broad In soul; he lends
a listening ear to the cry cf thai downtrodden
and oppressed, and with strong and ready
arm encircling Ihe weak and helpless he bids
them rise and hope and live.
has become a certain and fixed fact.
The wise leadership of our party has kept
so well adjusted our tariff and currency leg
islation that prosperity atounds tn the land,
labor Is plentiful, the laborer Is well paid
and contented, capital multiplies and seeks
additional outlets for new investments an<J
enterprises.
"I have Introduced to you four of a
kind. Strange to relate, here's a fifth
ace — Tom Carterof Montana."
The whole convention laughed. Car-
Senator Foraker's speech seconding
the nomination of Fairbanks evoked
warm applause. The Ohio Senator said
the Republican convention had done
well in its nominations and would end
as it began. His characterization of
Senator Fairbanks as a "fit running
mate for President Roosevelt" was ap
plauded.
Chairman Cannon Introduced Gover
nor Pennypacker of Pennsylvania, and
the convention ! (Sheered him. By the
time Pennypacker had concluded the
crowd was thinning out. Great gaps of
empty/ seats appeared in the galleries
that all day had besn packed. A
hum.of conversation pervaded the hall,
and there .were apparent the symptoms*
of a near adjournment.
In introducing Senator Carter of
Montana, Speaker Cari<3n said:
the dinners of the American people,"
remarked the Senator.
His speech seconded the nomination
of Senator Fairbanks. He reviewed the
preliminary history of the party and
the development of the country and
was in high favor with his audience.
He concluded with a second to the
nomination of Senator Fairbanks, say
ing not enough importance had been
given the Vice Presidential question.
His words produced another demon
stration of enthusiasm, which lasted
for some time. Cries of "Fairbanks,"
"Fairbanks" sounded in all sections of
the hall. The" demonstration was
brought to a close v by the Upraised
hand of Chairman Cannon as he de
manded order to Introduce Senator
Foraker of Ohio.
SENATOR FORAKER SPEAKS.
HONOLULU. June 10. — Land Ag<*nt
Baldwin of HMo has been arrested ami
is held for the alleged embezzlement
of public funds. The charges against
him are In connection with money re
ceived from right of purchase lease?,
which, it is claimed, has never been
turned in to the Government, The
patents are also undelivered to thost*
who paid the money, it Is stated, and
the Attorney General will prosecute
Baldwin for embezzlement of the
amounts.
Official at Ililo Arrested on Charge of
Embezzling Funds of tho
Government.
HAWAIIAN IiAND AGENT
AN OCCUPANT OF CELL
-
Continued From Tagc 5, Column 5.
CHICAGO, June 23.— Thomas H.
Carter of Montana spoke on behalf of
Senator Fairbanks nn fololws:
It will «t once he con-nling and reassuring to
you for me to announce that I do not rise to
make a upeech. bat to make, a deliberate an
nouncement. You will all remember how. eight
years «Ko. the Intermountaln country, hereto
fore solidly Republican, became tempest tossed
and discredited. It will be remembered with
regret that since 1VJ2 Republican votes In th»
Rocky Mountain country have been few and
far between, i I am hero to-day to say to you
that * from the Canadian line to the southern
line of Colorado and from the Missouri Kiver
to tbo Pacific Ocean each and every vote will
be cast for Theodore Roosevelt In the electoral
college convention.
The manner In which this happy result has
been brought about is well worth a momentary
consideration. It was under the kind, con
siderate »n& wise management of William Mc-
Kinley as President of, the- country, guided
and assisted by the venerated Mark Hanna
of Ohio. (I»ud applause.) Of all those who
Thomas II. Carter Seconds the Nom
* ination of Fairbanks.
MONTANA HEA R D '' FROM.
As is -usual in all conventions, the
closing was full of confusion. The del
egates enjoyed themselves, while the
ofllcers struggled with the routine that
was necessary ' to complete the record.
The galleries were empty by the time
the. clerks had shouted the resolutions
and only here and there did a handful
of delegates wait to see the end of the
Republican National Convention of
1904. . , ! i,'>
Graeme Stewart of Illinois was rec
ognized and- moved "that the conven
tion do now adjourn sine die,".
Chairman Cannon put the motion. He
declared It carried and brought down
his gavel; with a resounding whack at
2:S5 o'clock.
"An? there other nominations '!" called
the chairman. "Hearing^ none, it re
mains for me to declare Charles W.
Fairbanks of Indiana the candidate of
the Republican party for the term com
mencing March 4. 1905."
Beveridge, silk-hatted and with a flag
in his hand, led* a- round of cheers.
Great confusion reigned and it was dif
ficult to control the proceedings. The
convention was on its feet and cries for
Fairbanks began. Order could not be
restored until Cannon announced that
Senator Fairbanks was not in the hail.
Senator Dolllver was recognized and
offered a resolution providing that
Chairman Cannon and Temporary
Chairman Root should, respectively,
head the committees to notify Presi
dent Roosevelt and Senator Fairbanks
of their nomination. The resolution was
agreed to with a will.
Resolutions of thanks, offered by
Senator Heyburn of Idaho, were agreed
to, in which were mentioned the tem
porary and permanent chairmen. Root
and Cannon: the secretary of the .con
vention, his assistants, the sergeant
at-arms and hja deputies.
A resolution by Governor Murphy of
New Jersey was. passed, expressing the
thanks of the convention to Sam P.
Raymond, chairman, and the members
of the Chicago committee on manage
ment; also the members of the sub
committee of the National Republican
-Committee, the citizens of Chicago,
etc., "for the hospitable and. perfect
provisions made for the convention and
the entertainment of delegates, alter
nates and visitors."
Announcement then was made of the
committees to notify the candidates of
their nomination. ;..»'v ;
ADJOURNS SINE DIE.
"Sir. Chairman." called Senator Cul
lom, rising in his scat. He was rec
ognized and announced that earlier in
the week he -had received a telegram
from Cctigrrssman Hitt, suffgeSfing
that tho latter's name be withdrawn,
and that the vote of Illinois be cast
for Fairbanks.
W. P. Miles of Nebraska withdrew
the ijame of John Lee Webster. Mis
souri withdrew that of ex-Mayor Wal
bridfre of St. Louis and Georgia an
nounced that it once had a candidate,
but it desired to second thp nomination
of Senator Fairbanks.
NO ROLL CALL NECESSARY.
ter spoke briefly, but got a b'ig share
of applause.
"Are there other nominations?" called
Chairman Cannon.
Cries of "No" came from the con
vention.
have been sympathetic, through good and
evil report, while standing inflexible for rh^
cardinal principles of the party one of tin
strongest end most comforting of all wh«> has
helped was Charles Fairbanks of Indiana.
wbos« nomination I second and thank you.
(Loud apolauup. )
CALIFORNIA DELEGATION SETS PACE
In this seedtime of the year, we pray thee
to bless th* harvest. Send thy blessing upon
the multitudes who work upon the rich lands.
May abundant cropR be ihe reward oc trie iiur
bandmen. whose labors make possible th« feed-
Ing of the vast multitudes of thy
abundant increase of grain and fruits to keep
In busy movement tbe mighty engines of com
merce and the looms and machines of. human
Industry: that thus hunger and Idleness and
want may be kept far away from out- people
and prosperity dwell within our country.
Our Heavenly Father, whose kingdom Is
everlasting and power Infinite, we pray thee
to send thy blessing upon all our country and
all our people, and especially upon all those
on whom authority and the execution ot the
laws rest, upon the President of tji* . United
States, upon, the Governors of all the com
monwealths which make this a land of many
States, upon the Congress of the nation and
upon the Legislatures of the different States,
and upon all who occupy places of trust and
We beseech thee, O Thou God of L.ove and
Peace, to keep from us all those who would
overthrow the eld standards of peace and har
mony and brotherhood; and grant that the
sense of true brotherly love and mutual respect
may prevail among all classes and conditions
of our people and that peace and justice be our
aim and nniVitkn, both within and beyond our
borders. May. that feeling of love and oneness
with all mankind ktow stronger year by year,
• Help us to keep down selfishness and bitter
ness, and by thy tender grace make stronger
the sense of dependence upon thee and of duty
to all mankind.
TRUE imOTJIERLY LOVE.
CHICAGO, June 23. — Rev. Thad
deus A. Fniveley, rector of St. Chry
sostom's Church, opened the conven
tion with prayer, as follows:
Almighty God. our Heavenly Father — Infinite.
Eternal. All-wise and Ever Merciful Creator
and Presciver of all mankind — with profound
re\cretice we acknowledge theo as the Source
of lAtf and Strength, the Great* Invisible One
who epeakn to us through this wonderful uni
verse of which man so marvelous is but one
of thy numberless works of wonder and power.
We confess thee as the Giver of life and light
and every good and perfect gift.
Gathered 'Jjere as children of this great artd
wonderful country, where man has drawn near
to thee. we beseech thee to be with us In lov
ing benediction and guide us In our. thoughts
and words and deeds. As citizens of this land
of privilege and freedom to all. we pray for
cur country — the dear land for which bur
fathers fought In the long strife for freedom
for all. By thy gracious help. It is the land
of the free and the home of the brave. We
pray that thou wilt guide us ever by thy
power and wisdom in such ways that our lib
erty may never degenerate Into license, and
that our people may be brave, not simply with
brute courage that is ready to face force and
violence, but with the higher moral power
which makes us strong to battle for the truth
and honor and noble principle.
We beseech thee to give to our whole nation
the strong de&lre and purpose to uphold law
and order and to seek noble character and
true integrity as the mo4 sublime achieve
ments of the race, far greater and more pre
cious than riches or mighty conquests. Grant,
we pray thee, that the benumbing touch of
material posyesslonn and the lust or power may
never blind us to the true greatness and glory
of moral advancement. Help us ever to re
member that the fathers of this land and
government were patriots of never-dying fame.
because they believed that poverty and defeat
with unsullied honor are far better than vast
wealth and world-wide Influence purchased at
the cost of Ebame and dishonor.
Rev. Thaddeus A. Snlvclpy. a Chicago
Rector, Chaplain on Third Day.
God grant that In our party s struggle to
reach that time it may ever have a man to
place before the American people for their
suffrage who has the ability, courage, hon
esty and aggressiveness of Theodore Roosevelt.
OPKNS WITH PRAYER. '
With it will "come that calm and peaceful
assurance that while prosperous, happy and
contented at home, a wise, safe and skillful
diplomacy guards and protects our every inter
eEt throughout the civilized world.
And finally with It will come an' advanced
step toward the fulfillment of the great mis
sion of the Republican party.
And that mission will not be performed until
every section of our constitution and every
amendment thereof shall be respected and made
effective — and until every citizen of every sec
tion, of every race and of every religion shall
proclaim in one grand chorus of that consti
tution. "Thou art my shield and buckler."
With his nomination and election what an
inspiring prospect opens up before the party
and the nation. With it will come new efforts
to promote a greater prosperity and a larger
measure of happiness to all who dwell within
our borders.
AN* INSPIRING PROSPECT.
The business man. the capitalist, to whom
this administration has brought abundant suc
cess, eagerly await his nomination. So surely
as he Is nominated by this convention to-day
so surely will he be elected by the people In
November.
The laboring Interest demands him.
The farmer, as with happy heart he gathers
in his bounteous harvest, stands ready to do
battle for his return. The miner, who In con
tentmfnt digs away In the bowels of the
earth, sees In him his salvation from oppres
sion and encroachment.
First of all, the powerful Christian and
moral sentiment of the nation demands his
nomination, and every Christian and moral
Agency will be exercised for his election.
He is, for these good and sufficient reasons,
the man whom the people of every section and
In every walk of life want for thia high of
fice.
United States and every amendment thereof
should be rigidly enforced, and that its vio
lation by whatever subterfuges or indebtedness
of expression should be condemned and rem
edied.
On the platform made yesterday we have
placed our candidate, who is to head the ticket.
On the ticket with him as his associate for
the Vice Presidency we want to place a man
who represents in his personality. In his belief.
In his public service, in his .high character,
all the splendid record the Republican party
has made; all the great declarations of the
former platform?, and a man who will typify.
as tho leader of our ticket will, the highest
ambition and the noblest purpose?? of the Re
publican party of the United States. (Ap
plause.) I will not delay you with an eulogy
of Senator Fairbanks beyond simply eaylng
that, to all who know him personally, as" thos?
of us do who have been closely associated
with him In the public service, he. has met
all the requirements so eloquently stated by
Senator Depew. He Is of Presidential caliber.
He has all of the qualifications of that high
office for which he has been named, and by
all of these potent considerations. In the name
of the forty-six delegates of Ohio. I second
the nomination of Senator Fairbanks.- •
CHICAGO, June 23. — Great applause
followed the speech of Senator For
aker of Ohio, who seconded the nomi
nation of Fairbanks for Vice Presi
dent. He said:
Gentlemen of the Convention: — We have
come here to-day for three things: To make
a platform, to name the next President of the
1'nited States and name alao the next Vice
President of the United States. We have done
two of these things and are about to do the
third. And we have done both of thq things
we have done, well. The platform we adopted
yesterday has already met the favorable judg
ment of , the. American people. It is the
counterpart of the best the Republican party
has ever adopted, and. if you would know
how high Is that tribute, recall the fact now
of which every Republican may justly feel
proud — that of all the many plattorros we have
made In the fifty years of our party life, we
wouid not to-day strike one of them from our
record If we could.
Senator Foraker of Ohio Lauds the
Vice Presidential Nominee.
SECONDS FAIRBANKS.
We have carried to the Filipino. th» Porto
TUcan and the «Juhan the torch, of light and
Intelligence, relieved them from the burden*
and oppression of despotic rule, established
civil government among them, and are teach
ing them the blessings of liberty and Inde
pendence.
The Panama canal, "the key to the wnl
»erse," the construction of which has for cen
turies been the dream and fajicy of more than
«~ne government, has under the prompt and
<5«s<dsive action of this administration been
tak^n from the rcaJm of cloudland and dream
land, and Its completion In the near future
Whether the questions affected our inter
ral or external relations, they have been bold
ly met and wisely solved.
equally fortunate hus been our party to
hsve had within itfi rank* during this crucial
period t»uch men a* our able, wise and pa
triotic McKinlry of beloved memory, and our
rapabJe. couraceou* end apgretsivo Roosevelt,
upon whr>se. youthful though ample shoulders
the mantle of the great McKinley. fell.
Fortunate indeed is It for this Government
that it hae had during the eight years Just
passed a political organization such as ours
to meet face to face with undaunted courage
s.rd determination the many perplexing «jues
tlons which have arisen during that period.
Mr. Chairman. Fallow Delegates of the Re
publican National Convention. Indies and Gen
tlfmea: For th» distinguished honor of sec
ondlnr the nomination of that grand type of
the American iitizen. Theodore Roosevelt, I
s-m profoundly grateful.
CHICAGO. June 23. — Harry S. Cum
rnines. a colored delegate from Mary
land, spoke as follows:
II. S. Cumminss of Maryland .Makes
Speech Jn Roosevelt's Behalf.
COLORED DELEGATE .SPEAKS.
1£r. Chairman: Th* great Northwest, whence
t bail, t*oms with hundreds ef thousands ef en
thvslastla Republicans. You know their worth
sod their fcaJty. On their behalf I am com
missioned to second the nomination of their
thole* for President cf these United States. We
eeed and demand to-day a wtse and dauntless
mariner to take our soundings and shape our
course. In this history-making hour, at the
Cawn ef a century big with the potentialities
ef Individual and national life, when the re
public advances full cpeed upon a future we
rannot knew. In all the excitement of the In-
Clvidual struggle for wealth and self-aggran
eizemer.t. In the midst of tendencies toward
municipal and governmental corruption, aud
when keenest minds seem largely bent upon
fcroflt. without recompense, we have only to
(same cur choice for President for all the
world to know that his name Is a eynonym'
Tor courage, for untiring energy, for loyalty
ro principle, for uprightness, for rugged hon
«ty. No words ct any man are needed to
tell you that he is rre-eminently qualified to
I* our inspiring leader. We are proud of his
distinguished career and of his great ser
vice to the nation. We Indorse his unswerv
ing devotion to the highest ideals of govern
ment and his stalwart Americanism. We sup
rf'rt him for his lofty character; for his man
ifest genlu*; for his splendid personality, and
for bis aui*rb moral courage. Four years
»ei the Republican party placed him beside
the immortal McKinley, and with such stand
ard-bearers, with such a cause, we marched
to a gicnous victor}-. When the assassin's ig
roble work was accomplished, and amidst the
ration's tear*, showered with the nation's love.
tb<- gentle McKinlry passed to the ages and
*>a* cmwnrd w!th the wreath of immortal
Tame, the intrepfd and aggressive RooeoveJt
faced and was rijual to the pra"- refponsiblll
tie* of the Pwy-ldency. He has kept th» faith.
Uy ferce or Ms character and his works he
ha« extended, at home and abroad, the influ
*nr<* and rreatnesc of the republic. His name
hay come to be a symbol everywhere of Ameri
can rr.anht>od, American valor. American hon
estjr »n-1 American supremacy.
Obeying « mandate both pleasing-' and su
r-T<Mn«\ en behalf of the irreat State of Minne
sota bttI the miirhty empire of the North
»ert. -ahose growth and proerwrity will ever
Jtfep full race with the giant tread of the na
tion itself. T <3e.-ire to second the nomination
cf that Intrrpid leader, that potent statesman.
t»iat Tnastf-r workman upon the preater repub
lic, that tried, trusted and Incomparable pub
lic «i;viuit, tbe President now. the President
Spain to be — ThecaJorc Roosevelt.
It u trrtfTt*n>-* K1 *' that at th* Tary taraChatA
•f our world work the American citizen will
skgrnls czperlsiest and Imperil our all by turn,
ing ever the reins of government to an tnoaD
•taat. incapable and Inert Democracy. To ful
f.U the republic's mighty destiny, the ruldlr.r,
•hapicx. oestrollinc spirit must asd will t» th*
R*pub!lc*n p&rty.
Th* Republican party haa bad and *Ter wfll
hav* a glorious mission. It has *Jways been a
party of aoCon. Its promises have aiways been
crystaUlBed Into exact performance. For fifty
ye*ra it has labored to advance the substantial
proems of all the American people. It 1*
tnaJdcff of America, th* dominant world power.
It ha* written Into lew the promises of fifty
rtr» ta hMpeot to th« Isthmian -canal. It has
kulit cy and Crmly established by protective
roiled «« a natloa which must eventually secure
for tfc« surplus products and Industry of her
people th* markets of all the earth. Its
thournt 1* along constructive lines, and for the
•xpcnslea requisite to meet the nation's indus
trial &*«ds rather than for Democratic lso!a
tloa. It bas built cp American Industries, pro
taofd American labor and safeguarded the
Amsrtcaa bom*. It has permanently secured
tha nation cpon the gold standard. th« standard
ef stability and enilghteaed civilization. In the
•ldsa day th* Crusader, armor-clad, rode val
uctly s,w«y ta rescue the Holy Land from
ruthleei devastation. So in this our day the
KoncbUeca party is carrying forward the Stars
¦Ad Etripea for the uplifting of mankind and
Ch* vuprezcacy ef a civilization which finds its
fclgfctst typ* la our glorious American republic.
WISE A>T> DAUNTLESS.
tribuu. Our rtru* young
m :ih ur.iylrx iwrrr. Its footprints axe crvrr
»t.er». It tmpMiti It* c&ax&cter upon «very
laaAi
SO MORE EXPERIMENT.
Into th» f&brlo «* tb« rtptHOef Aa okctrao
t'.cnlrt «lway». It hu b^a » p«*tl«lpwit. In
»p'.U cf ltMl{. In a n*iioxi»l Kiorr »ad »r«».t-
r *»• to wfclcii tt ft** loo* «lnce ceued t* con
nation PfCBABft OQ
There are times when great fitness is hardly
less than destiny. when the elements
i=n com* topether that they select the agent
they will use. Events sometimes select the
Ftrongest man. as lightning goes down the
hUrhest rod. And ro it H with those events
wmch for many months with unerring .sight
have led you to a single name which I am
<hosen onlv to pronounce: Gentlemen. I nomi
nate for President of the United States the
hlphcst living t^pe cf the youth, the vigor
and the promise of a great country and a
great age. Theodore Roosevelt of New Tork.
A profound student of history, he Is to-day
the great history maker in the world. With
the Instincts of the scholar, he Is yet forced
from the scholar'* pursuits by those superb
qualities which fit Mm to the last degree
lor those great world currents now rushing
past with larger volume and more portentous
aspect than for many years before. The fate
cf nations Is still decided by their wars. You
may talk of orderly tribunals and learned
referees; you may sing in your schools The
gentle praises of the quiet life; you may strike
from your books the last note of every martial
anthem, and yet out in the smoke and thunder
will always be the tramp of horses" and the
Mk-nt. rigid. upturned face. Men may
prophesy and women pray, but peace will
come here to abide forever on this earth only
when the dreams of childhood are the ac-.
cepted charts to guide the destinies of men.
Events are numberless and mighty, and no
man can tell which wire runs around the world.
The nation basking to-daj- in the quiet of
contentment and repose may still be on the
rieadly circuit and to-morrow writhing in the
toils of war. This Is the time when irreat
figures must be kept in front. It the pressure
is great the material to resist it must be
granite and iron. Whether we wish it or
not, America is abroad in this world. Her
Interests are in every street, her name If
en e*WT tongue. Those interests so sacred
and stupendous ehould be trusted only to the
care of those whose power. nklll and c<>uraie
have been tested and approved. And in the
man whom you will chow, the hiehest e<-ntc
of every nation in the world beholds a, man
who typlfi p s »s no other livlnsr American <ioea
1h<» spirit and the purposes of the twentieth
cjiturj'. H* does not claim to be the Solomon
of his time. There are many things he may
not know, but this Is sure, that above nil
things else he ftainls for progress, courage and
fair play, which are ihe synonyms of trje
American name. ,
He Is no stranger waiting In the shade to
be called suddenly Into public light. The
American people have seen him for many years
and always where the fight was thickest and
the greatest need was felt. He has b«en
alike consplcuoos in the pursuits of peace
and In the arduous stress of war. No man
now living will forget the spring of '98. when
the American mind was so inflamed and
American patriotism so'aroused( when among
all the rarer citizens surging to the front as
6oldlers. the man whom this convention has
already in its heart was among the first to
hear the call and answer to his name. Pre
ferring peace but not afraid of war; faithful
to every private obligation, yet first to volun
teer at the sign of national peril; a leader in
civil life and yet so quick to comprehend the
arts of war that he grew almost In a day to
meet the high exactions cf command. There
is nothing which so tects a man as great and
unexpected as danger. He may pass bis life
amid ordinary scenes and what he is or
does but few will ever know. But v/hen the
crash cornea or the flames break out, a mo
ment'* time will single out the hero in the
crowd. A flash of lightning In the pight .will
reveal what years of daylight have not dis
covered to the eye. And so the flash of the
Spanish war revealed that lofty courage and
devotion which the American heart bo loves
and which ' you have met again to decorate
and recognize. His qualities do not need to be
retold, for no man In that exalted place since
Lincoln " has been better known in every
household in the land. He is not conservative,
if conservatism means waiting till it is too
late. He is not wise. If wisdom is to count a
thing a hundred times when once will do.
There Is no regret so keen In man *>r country
89 that which follows an opportunity unem
braced. Fortune soars with high and rapid
wing, and whoever brinjrs It down must shoot
with accuracy and speed. Only the man with
steady eye and nerve and the courage to pull
the trigger brings the largest opportunities
to the ground. He does not always listen
while all the sages speak, but every day at
nightfall beholds some record which if not
complete has been at least pursued with con
science and intrepid resolution. He is no
slrnder flower cwaylng in the wind, but that
heroic fiber which is best nurtured by the
mcuntains and the snow. He spends little
time In review, for that he knows can be done
hr the schools. A statesman grappling with
tb» living problems of thp hour, ht eropes but
little In the past. He believes In -golnr ahead.
He believes that In shaping the deetlnics of
this great republic, hope Ih r higher Impulse
than regret. He believes that preparation for
future triumphs is a more important duty than
an Inventory of past mistakes.
A GREAT HISTORY MAKER.
XO3IIXEE XO STRANGER.
pmrtj art Its members la accord. With the
Kama devotion which has marked their ad
bereaoe. to thoee principle*, magnificent and
enlorlnc as they are, they have already singled
out the tsu to bear their standard and to
lead the way. Ho higher badge was ever yet
conferred. But great as the honor is, the
clrcamstaace* which surround it make that
honor even" more profound. You have come
from •very Etate and Territory In this vast
domain. The country and the town have voted
with each other In sending here their con
tributions to this splendid throng. Every high
way In the land Is leading here and crowded
with the members of that great party which
sees in this splendid city the symbol of its
rise and power. Within this unexampled mul
titude is every rank and condition of free men,
every creed and occupation. But to-day a
common purpose and desire have engaged us
all, and from every nook and corner of the
country rises bat a single choice to fill the
most exalted office In the world.
which all RtDUblicana can stand with no dia
sentlnc voice, here or anywhere, has Ions
since anticipated the action of this convention
In addlnr - to the national Republican ticket
the name of Senator Fairbanks of Indiana. I
take pleasure In presenting his name, honored
everywhere throughout the United States, as
our candidate for Vice President.
Continued From Pago 6, Column *7
ContinnexS From Face 4» Opftnnn T.
PRESIDENT'S RECORD IS PRAISED
PRESENTATION OF FAIRBANKS' HUME
River Excursion to Rio Vista. .
.. A chance for a delightful river excursion will
be afforded on Sunday, June 26. Steamer
Modoc will Have ¦wharf next to 'Ferry Post
office San Francisco, at 7:30 a. in for Rio
Vista* Round*trip ticket $1. A fine orchestra
In attendance on steamer and meals served on
board. Ask Southern Pacific agents. . *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE' 24. 1904.
TEN THOUSAND MEN AND WOMEN GIVE BOISTEROUS
APPROVAL OF EACH TRIBUTE TO THE STATESMEN
CHOSEN TO LEAD REPUBLICAN HOSTS TO VICTORY
Costttntea Prom Pajo 4,-Oolnmn 1.
BUCK NOMINATES ROOSEVELT,
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
l$m Trousers
J|^P^ ¦ ,' They were made in our
v.orkshops and treated a^ reg-
E*^^^^^^^^^^^ uJar " trouscrs « with due regard
J^^K^S^^4 ¦ for styIe> fit and finish '
.^^M ant^ before being cut wa^
JE / » fully shrunk so as to prevent
ffi UTt^ cr shrinking. You appre-
•X^^J' ! c ' atc <^ uc ' c P ant5 at t!;i not
• _^ := ' "t^v'.x ¦ ;-!y S ct shorter every time they arc
¦gJWBmi* *>. ..*sfe?"^ b=^^g^?S The seams and turned up
= A^* Vi U^^.ti^^ < 1 a I bottoms are double sewed, thus
"^t;."."-'^i -r i; : ?r % !""• ' Ifl^i'^ making them strong.
v ' i''^. h *%i > '^ ? f -\* ' f^e cost of duck material
•ti&m'^i M '^ fiB^'^ I as " sen to suc^ an extent
•"^SpflS-'i 1& l\ if'M-l l^ at tllc actual value of t!ic?c
n^a ! f^ i trousers is 51.^5 to $ 1. 5O.
I' $ i £/ [ Sizcs 28 to 44 waist and 30
/ ll v/JSl- '' to 38 length. ;^v' :
;;v 'v"^-»^l *¦¦•?•».» vc£l ( 1$ I The trousers are priced *
feil '-( i-^3"/ &i I Fine assortmeot of belts in
' i#^| |;*|i • 0i I all styles and shades at -5c
-«a»a«iJr w;;§v W^V and 5Oc *
-^J *S| r^^ Uai/ Orde^ filled- Write To-Day.
,740 Market Street
Want Advertisers- in Sunday's '-Caff Receive.. Pree One B.0x of. .Hioh-Grade Perfumed Toifet Soap
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBIUM. | THE EMPOBIUM. | THE EMPOBIUM
I Beautiful messatine *V/F /?*" • 7 GO Pairs of Men's I
x To-day and Saturday only, we offer the rrnrnnin - in f . m » *&*? <ri\ f° »^-»-L «
| .5H-inch width of the new. weave rib- -¦ ff J^jH^^JTr^s grandest store PS/f *
* bons, now all the rage in the East; a , ¦J" m T - ; - - 4 \ 5
$ soft finished ribbon, suitable for hat This store is growing every day — more people A big bargain for Friday and Saturday S
J trims and all the new bows in such de- are shopping in our aisles than ever before and our only; 10 styles to choose from, mostly dark *
at sirable colorings as Might blue, mais, concern shall always be how vve can best serve them, shades, with neat striped effects; will fit 'x
$ turquoise, nile, pink, rose, lilac, navy, What the other fellow does. is of little interest to equal to the higher priced ones; extra well ;$
£ black, white. and cream; a regular 45c us so long as he doesn't undersell us. That we made, really look. like S3.00 to J4.00 -J
J ' value; sale price, yard .. • • • 28c -will not allow; • . pants, and will give as satisfactory service. J
I Sale Women's^ I Sale Stationery I New Lawn Waists 95c |
'* StOCnings 27C Friday and Saturday^ .^^ . «
IS Women's Imported Hermsdorf 850 boxei high-grtde writing-paper, jff&J . " Worth Regularly $1. €5 5
*£ t-»i 1 r> • it t 1 • 1 48 shctts paper and 48 cnve.oprs, • »^SVjsk /1m Co/a r H u-., /i«,#.. *
g Black Prime. Maco Lace Lisle £ a8$orte !rtints, a regul.r 5 °c WS® O " Sa '° FHda y Onl^ J
»T . Hose, in a variety of new and box, for the two days . . "JQq I 4- \f Another big uade-win special for ottr Sui: and Cloak %
5 attractive designs, the regular 7 - o c f 'the verv beit quality Writing tablets, |HL • ' Department to-day. Beautiful new India lawn J
$ toe quality to-dav and to- lir.en, satin, 'bond and kid finish paper?, J^ ajf J>^^ wiiiti, in ityle at illustrated, with insertion trimmed .«
a? ** " , . " . n — ruled or plain, regularly 50c, for the two Bsrthi, stock collar and full sleeve, neatly tucked "5
tf morrow only. pair. . . 27C day., specal. . 25c (^S^S^^^ and stitched, instead of $1.65 each . . *%~^ *
£ Ladies' Imported Maco Cotton The Rover p;a y in g c»rd 5 — a highly enameled Y ..... ££OC -5
?> s Cird ot good qua;ity, reguiar.y 25c, for the I/T\^\^?^7MS i \ ¦ ¦ '-' »
J. .Hose, the new shades of tan, two day?, package tOo \ l\^f lf\jt \MAIN AISLE. J
5 pair.. \ .25C Hejpstitched Paoer-The h.ndkerch'ef effect, V.lnU.lJQ fOO WMtO PlOUe ' X
15" r ,. . t , .., n ., ... in white or b!ue, lateir-fad, regularly 50c, \WL \\?%y P^ *W wwmamm^g . iiyub £
.* Ladies Imported .L:s.e lhrcadHose, 5?gcij , pricg , box 15o W^xM^ j Skirts at §1.35 *
a? gauz: wcignt, cojors champagne. — — ¦ -^ — — — —^— - — / .X$aMM$X&Z>-Jr^, , '*• a! -*
i new tan, ruvy biue, pair. . 50 C HSH ilkercft iCfS T " T"'? ?,°° " I '?
C' r a\ ' Tm , nP .^ T ;.'. tu. a vi . -. . \LvV*^IfWy\ Yw\ g° re nars, even length all around, finished around •'
I t" s Sl^lnS^: Complete assortment o^ Shamrock. -\\ A bottom with .even rows of stitching; hip trimming 5
$ srk emVroW 'redTur-- oc ' ;,nen embroidered hand- » o{ jam= . .,, ornam=atcd whh b 5 ut:on , wou!d b ! £
. .^embroidered figures or doc£ j hie ,,, m:h 8Ca i Ioped cd s £ f < |
£. P air • ••_••. OUC 'hundred patterns and more to sc.ect . r . * r *»¦••**» #
fc . Children's Imported 2-Thread Mico from, are marked frcm $10.75 Linen Wash Dresses, to-day and "Saturday . . .$8.50 "J
I u^mm thC " W 8ha 25c *- £ " e id * ei H 011 " Ch $12.50 and $14.50 Figured Foulard Shirt Waist Dresses- $1 0.9 O %
$ Children'. VacaWn Hose", th= be.t $22.50 to $25 Pongee Shirt Waist Dresses -^ ... *
J. manufacture?, pair . . . 12 1 Ao\ colors. .... 25o $22.50 to $25 Taffcta Silk Shirt Waist Dresses . ¦ . .$17.50 .«
I Women's Siik Pettfcoats S5.5Q Summer Gloves Circular Veils *
I Just in by express, a small lot of black and colored Silk Petticoats SOc a Pair The mo « popular styles to-d.y be- |
g that at the price we have markecUhem are without doubtthe best Women's super quality Silk TL^IZZ^^^, \
ft petticoat value you have ever be© offered, fcxtra heavy taffeta. Taffeta Gloves, .2 -clasp, in notroubie. v/e have them in great variety, x
£ that rustles, with a wide flare flounce, and cut and made so that the newest modes,' beavers, in br» wn , ruvy, red, lavender and black, •*•
at they are perfect hanging. Colors blac!:,' royal, navy, tobacco, seal grays, a'ld alsD fast black and either P uia or aoKed » **° whlte with brown *
8 brown', ; pink, pale blue and some changeable effects; all. at $5.50 white, especially good values black net with lace i>ord e r-the ;,
| Unusually handsome Black Silk Skirts - • w at ' pair ; '.. ' * ' * * * 50 ° Si, S1.25, $1.50, up to S3 %
* tt^art 4*## sn jc*#» em ***** e-r% Women's Eng.ish L:s e G'oves, 2- x
$ ' •• • • $10, $11.50, $12.50, $13.50 c!asOt 5n th B e ncv , Mastic arab> Y^Jv^faa^ik bhek .nd v^ . ;
?. • ... : , , , . ... , with largs chsntUe dots SOO -'
«, ¦ A b:noi shades,, also in white and . ,f
at Sale Golf Shirts Bathing Suits fast b'ack, the most sensible, and -;
$ SI.OO Style 77c in Great Variety we:i — th = best we «w* of SQmra;r Butter Sale x
| If you're a well.pos.ed buyer you'll gfc ffom ; $ . $ IZl' .J^Jco^L Friday-Saturday %
X recognize these shirts that we are „ , „ . , __ Z. ouecc g.ovei ana cou our. .OUO . %
i gpinj to sell Friday and Saturday Men'. San. from 75© to $2.50 _ Our Cno:ce Creamery Butt=r-Non C |
£ at 77c as being the same good styles Boys' Suits from . . 5Oc to $2 ThO SVlOSt POtJUJsr ."'"^ "^^ "" 34C ?
at that some other stores ask Jl.oo A good Serge Suit for ladies at . S2 'Zm - »_^ «-»" a w.JL u.- (J ' a.u' ' o »; X
V . ,, ,it,. BZrk»%\ia*Mr*hv FtnnffG: Nabisco Wafers or Athrna Rimona, tin -
I- and $ 1. 2 5 for. You could hardiy A man's 2-part suit for ... 7J C UOpyrtgm UOOKS 2^ Q %
$ ask for a better variety of patterns A b , . for 5Q SOD ESOfo Boiled Kin S ,n H*m-V« for picnx,; , Ib -J
r. than you will find in this lot— both ' ,, B ,. „ Vn »*«J** £8o «j,
%' .triped'and fuured eff.-ck-and there is a Jf "f " »«»"«»g <- a P • • lUC Q ver 2jOOOtOOO co pi es o f theSC Ltmons- Choice, bright; dozen . ". . fOO '*
£ separate pair of cuff, with each -* y Other Bathing Caps _ . . $/ gacA Ye ,, ow$tone Whisky-Either rye or bourbon; $
fc . ,h.rt; for the 2 days only, each # A %0 . . . . 15c,25C™&50C ,„ , . , ,• . . . t full quarts . . $l.O5 *
£ Men's Union Suits-FW Baloriggan, body Bathing S«idals— B ack or white We have secured several hundred of Oinyrnt fr-.<-f,~ . Pll rc Rve Wh'.kr 'J
J. fitting; gcod Ii.as va-ue, f,r- .3I.OO canvas; per pair • 25c and ffOc each tu:e in special c.oth-bound full quarts, bottle ./...'... ©5o X
S' f^^M'^^0SOo Water Wi ng ,_A great assistance in -edhions which we have placed on Manz.niHa OUv.s-Verv choice, q«rt | 7 O %
K' Men's Sutpenden- New makes, larg; v*- swimming; white or colored; each sa e, eacn OUO Old McBrayer Vkhisky— Spring '95, straight X
ft ¦ riety cf pattern*, either niccel or gilt trim- 25O anc^ 35C Th: R r ght cf War, by Parker. goods, g»l $3*15 \
*> ming,. . . ...I.. . . 25? Bandana Handkerchieis— To pat ¦ When K MghthoodW.. in Flower. Geneva Gin- Large black bottle, borte. £
*" Nttfliftee Shirts— In madras »nd. chev;ot«, in ,' . , •, , /., Div d ttirum, by Westcott. • 83O Z
£ -fancV .tri ? e5, also in percales, in dotted, over ha:r and around neck whl e Eternal Citv, by Hal Caine. , Sauterne or Reislinj- Extra cinn.-r wine, •*
it »:ripes and figured efficti . . .¦ . . 5('O ¦ bathing; each 10o . P=;gie O'N'cal, uy Lewi*. . '.:] gxL 680 X
ai ¦ " m if r *..«.*
ADVXBTISEMENTS.
CLScramblcd ~ eggs (not
cooked too much) with
"FORCE" makes a pretty
good breakfast.
CTryitone of these morn-
ings.
Tlirr* tcjs. one-half cup "FORCE.**
one-half cup rnilk, pepper, salt. Beat tbe
eggs until light, and to them add the milk.
** FORCE." and seasonings. Torn into
bot buttered omelet-pao and stir until the
czz* arc firm. Serve at once on a bet
platter.Townsead's California Glace fruits ta
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market st*
T An Enemy to the Weevil.
. Should the Guatemalan ant ever be
introduced Into the cottoa belt of this
country the situation would be suffi
ciently remarkable. One can Imagine,
says the Washington Pos"t. the worthy
farmer contracting for an annual sup
ply of ants, Just as he makes pur
chases of his other supplies, and cart
ing out a couple of bushels of willing
workers to his cotton fields to act as
policemen and executioners.
Perhaps he would raise ants — just
as he does cattle and chickens, main
taining an 1 "antery" of . $»e most ap
proved modern description. Here he
would raise his own supplies for his
fields, guarding them tenderly 'during
the winter and turning the*m out to
«raze— on boll weevils — when the
PUBLIC LANDS— R. G-. City. Fcr
information relative to land that r.uy
be homesteaded under the "United
States law ia Arixona and California,
communicate with the United States
Land OSce in the district in which you
max Tvlah to locate. Such oCces in
Arizona are at Prescott and Tucson,
and in California at Eureka, Independ
ence. Los Angeles. Marysville. Redding.
Sacramento. San Fraaclsco, Stockton,
SasanviHe and Vlsalia. ve*-»»- one dol
lar, each office will furnish you a plat
showing land that Is open to settle
ment. I
BY DIRECT VOTE— Subscriber, Oak
land. CaL The States that have asked
Congress to call a convention to con
sider an amendment to the FVdara: con
stitution providing for direct popular
vote for United States Senators are
Oregon, California. Minnesota. Texas,
Arkansas. Nevada. Washington. Nona
Dakota. , Kentucky. Misjsc &, ~Utan.
Montana, Idaho and Kansas.
At last the wee sma' voice of the newspaper corre
spondents has been heard in piping unison in the Far
East and the jeering scoffer that wants news of the
Oriental war is silenced to listen. We know that the
men of the quill are still in the land of the living, for
they have filed a protest, futile, of. course, against the
rigorous censorship of the Japanese. When the boys
come home we may expect a renaissance of romance and
GUARDIAN— P. D^ Steamar Pensa
cwla. CaL A minor over 14 years of ar*
has a right to express a preference as
to trho shall be his guardian.
The Filipino guests of the American Government,
now- on tour among the great cities of the Union, are
imbibing impressions of us that will be of more value
to them and to us than a century of war. Whether the
little men of the south seas are to be our wards or are
to take their own place according to their lights in the
family of nations, what they are learning now of our
civilization will be of incalculable advantage to them.
• BURNS HANDICAP— S.. City. Ts»
horse that first won the Burns Handi
cap was Hawthorne. In 2:17. The win
ner in 1904 was Modicum, la 5:*J S-i.
'A nszcers ta Queries^
With fragrant kiss
Interpreting'
The dreaaa of bliss
The rose would bring.
Then to your breast
Take it to be
Your own heart's b«st
Love-augury — .
A welcome guest —
To gladden me.
— The Century.
Then. Up to Up.
With rapture stirred,
You might let slip
The secret word.
Unto your own
You needs saust press
The sweet mouth prone
To tenderness;
Its winsome grace.
The blush of mom
Upon its face.
You could not scorn
Now since It knows
My heart eo welL
Would that this rose
Might speak and tell!
Rose Love.
That the sun, moon and stars move
across the heavens must obviously
have been among the earliest scientific
observations. It required a relatively
high development of the observing
faculties, yet a development which man
must have attained ages before the
historical period, to note that the moon
has a secondary motion which leads it
to ihift its relative position as regards
the stars; that the stars themselves,
on the ether hand, keep a fixed rela
tion as regards one another, with the
notable exception cf two or three of
the most brilliant members of the gal
axy, the latter beins the bodies which
came to be known finally as planets,
or wandering stars. — Henry Smith Wil
liams, LL. D., in Harper's Magazine
for July.
Primitive man must, frcm a very
early period, have observed that the
ran gives, light and heat. It required
but a slight extension of this observa
tion to note that the changing phases
of the seasons are associated with the
seeming approach and recession of the
sun. This observation, hpwever. could
not have been made until man had mi
grated from the tropical regions and
had reached a stage cf mechanical de
velopment enabling him to live in sub
trcpical or temperate zones. Even then
it Is conceivable that a long period
must have elapsed before a direct cas
ual relation was felt to exist between
the shifting of the sna and the shifting
of the seasons; because, as every one
knows, the period of sreatest heat in
summer and greatest cold In winter
usually comes some weeks after the
time of the solstice. Yet the fact that
these extremes of temperatures are as
sociated In some way with the change
in the sun's place in the heavens must
In time have impressed Itself cpoa even
a rudimentary Intelligence.
Beginnings of Science.
Last SDrtss a Russian squadrca un
der Rear Admiral Krieger paid a Tisit
to Jaffa, frcna which pciat his men vis
ited by rail Jeru3a.>m They found
there that among all the fcreisa Chris
tian ccEuauaities Russia had fair fa tha
lead throughout the Ho!7 Land, and
especially ta Jerusalem, la bcyiax land
and la Xi-aSiizs aad estahlishinx nsis
siens. schools, hcsaltals *?:-i monas
teries. The Russian "New Jerusalem."
with Its fias modem traildlags. farms a
little town cf Itself— a fart.- ess that
commands Jerusalem. Russia >¦*%
bought ooe-third cf the itsirat cf
Olives and Inclosed It nrA the Getnse^
mace church by a wan. while frcm be
yond ths Jordan tier- can be seea ths
lofty Ru-siaa tower built oa the srsa
mit cf the mocat. and ciosa to £s«-
Church cf the Ascension. The Russian
Palestine Society hi3 existed nearly a
Quarter cf a century, aad It plays a
very important part as the tool of Paa-
Slavisni £a Syria and Palestine. It*
president is the Grand Duk? Serys. aad
amensr Its members ar» the powerful
leaders of the Pan-Slav movement.
Russia ts sparing no ex^ensa ta ti»
task cf educating 1 the native children;
thus, the leading scholars atieading th»
schools for natives are seat to Russia,
where they remain for two or tnre»
years in a seminary; then as a rule a
Russian wife is found for them. an<?
they return to Palestine as teachers.
This fact explains the scron^ Russian
leanings possessed by the Arabian,
teachers, and thereby Russia's infiu
ence In Syria and Palestine increases
daily.
According to a* recent Russiaa consu
lar report. «ix years aga «0CO chi^irea
attended the Russian schools ia Syria.
The nuiaser is now 20,500.
Russia in Palestine.
AGAIN the trans-Atlantic steamship 'lines are en
gaged in a bitter rate war aad as a consequence
the scum of Europe is flowing into New York in
ever-increasing volume. Ten dollars will carry the
English pauper from Southampton or Liverpool to the
Ellis Island immigrant bureau in New York harbor.
Active agents are scouring the poorhouses and the pur
lieus of Whitechapel and Shoreditch with ready bland
ishments for the ears of the submerged tenth of the
great English metropolis. On one day three thousand
immigrants of the pauper class were dumped upon the
oficials at the New York immigration office like so
much coarse coal for the screening.
Of three thousand immigrants who come to America,
oa' these cut rates it is safe to say that not three hua
dred are qualified to become good citizens of the land
of their adoption. It is rarely the honest laborer who
takes advantage of the low passage to fulfill the cher
ished ambition of a removal to the land of opportuni
ties; it is too commonly the hopelessly poor, the hope
lessly degraded who sees ia the opportunity offered a
chance for a change that certainjy will not leave him in
a worse state than was his first. Scraping together
barely enough money to cross the palm of the steam
ship agent this immigrant lands in New York saas
scrip and sans ambition. He swells the souring lump
of unwashed humanity in New York's tenements that so
persistently resists leavening.
With the pressure of this immobile mass of paupers
constantly increasing in the centers of population along
the Atlantic coast it is to be expected that there must be
a giving way some place. This yielding comes from
the poorer artisans and operatives, American bom, who
cannot compete with the starvation labor of the foreign
element They consequently move West and the
Eastern States lose a valuable prop in the economic aad
social foundation of their being. Even in the West lands
are being taken up so quickly that for some there • re
main only the opportunities offered by the virgin terri
tory of the western provinces .of Canada*
Even with the constantly increasing stringency of our
immigration restrictions and the rigor with which they
are enforced the swelling tide of pauper immigration
seems to be only skimmed, not checked. While we are
taking into our borders all sorts and conditions of\new
citizens our neighbor in the north is gaining her fresh
blood by a severe conservatism of selection which in
sures good citizens. No man enters a Canadian port
who doe3 not carry a recommendation from a trusted
land agent in the Old World or a sufficiently convincing
title of financial and moral integrity.
Congress has done much to stem the flood of immi
gration. Because by its laws Anarchist Turner was de
ported there came a howl against "the subversion of
constitutional liberties," but until we have restrictions
approximating, at least, those of Canada in the fineness
of their mesh the migration of the unfit from Europe
will continue to flood us with a horde of people whom
it will be' hard for us to assimilate.
CUT RATE IMMIGRATION.
Many of the milkmen of San Francisco have written
their ovrn indictment and have supplied the testimony to
justify the serious charges made against theta by the
Board of Health. These dairymen file vigorous protest
against the regulations designed to improve the sanita
tion of their dairies and to enhance the value of their
product, and they threaten to double the price of milk.
Either the milk being sold now is not worth the price
charged aad the Health Board is right in its criticism,
or the price threatened as an exaction w an imposition
on the public
HZADQUAStTESa o? THE CALL, j
E IIEXR.IE7TA STREET. CO VENT j
GAP.DEN". LONDON", June 1L— Com- s
peter.* :cdjf«s have pror^unced the I
Su^taa of Turkey'* new g team yacht, I
the BrCtbcresi. the handsomest ud j
mest artistically finished craft cf her \
eiz< a.2 ia.i. There are pome larger j
*tea=3 yachts, azrij whl h might b* j
rimed s few «-jiri*ed by Amervca.3 |
BXtttS-sHSeeazrcs, tut :b*re ia rwse.
B If declared, in whose :-:ericr ar- I
raEgeirjests and fumMifrtl 1 art. iuxury j
aruJ rttritr have bc-a mere deftly mm- j
hto*d. the cpclerrce cf the East being ]
b'.en'i'd with the practicality cf the |
W-tft.
Though Ab«fui tlzrzid II c&nrts the j
reputation cf being a z-ao of al*t£ini- ;
rzM batfts *n<i *imp.e tastes, he really j
G>'.i£-ht» •=. surrounding himself with i
lurj'.ws! magsincecce. He wanted j
a jsteit that iayide would take the i
*hiti* out c' ".'.7 other royal yacht on j
f ait -aater. So he entrusted the fur- j
liishlng and d'^corating cf the Ertho- !
rros.; to the tmsat firm that Stted up j
the Victoria ar.d Albert for Kiag Ed- \
vstzxCl. tijt llfctecr fc<r the Gtrnxa Em- |
pcror ar.d rur.dry rth*r craft t»e- j
Icryfin? to crowned heads. They were .
instructed to go them all one better
1 nd ppar« no exp«rs». "^Vith the as- j
f-raace that be has e^t -a hat fa* j
-vanned, and the bin to prove it, the \
yacht h 9 « now tee' delivered to the i
r-u.tan.
Armstr-*ng. "Whitwcrth & Co. cf ETs- I
vick-on-Tyne. irh.o turn out more \
v.arships thaa ar.y oih*r firm In ex- j
lateace. bnut the ErthogroaL Yacht j
txz'.UUziz ia not m=eh ta their Use. bet j
They Cil nut mind u^iertikiiixT a email j
fob U3ce that to oblige ar. Imperial!
•"cstom^r far whom they recently con- j
ftrncttd ore cruiser and expect to j
-bciid several more. For the Fu'.taa"s j
latest toy th*y have provided a hand- i
sota# stanch and sp*»dy little eSip. j
Z'Xi ?e*t over all and KO feet on the ]
water llr.*. with a beam cf 27 feet S j
inches txA dratring only 10 feet cf 1
*"at*r. Ker displacement is ZZQ teas. '
£ he has a high freeboard £.:uJ, as her i
lines shew, ia aa excellent sea boat,
¦-.-. •-.:¦. Abdul Hamid is nit very likely
to subject her Qualities la that direc
tion to much cf a te*U tor he has a
strccg averTlai; to venturing out of
f'ght cf !ard. The Erthogroal Is built
c? rteeL ar.d *s the Turks are notcri
• <¦ usly poor navigators, to further In-
I ure the safety "of her precious freight,
j-ho^Jd she chance to etrike a rock,
her Interior it sui»4ivided Into aa un
usually large number cf water-tight
compartments. che Is armed, too,
with several cuick-firtng cannon, and
In case of a shindy might be utilized
as a gunboat.
In addition to the forecastle she Is
provided with two large deckhouses,
the Imperial apartments, which In
clude a dry saloon, dinir-g saloon,
*ieeping-room ar.d study, being sft
tiated :n the after house. * Four other
apartments and a saloon have been
provided for the Sultan's guests, or
Prfnc*i cf the royal house, and similar
I>rovision has been made for the Im
perial suite, but no accommodation f»
made for ar.y of the Sultan's many {
wives. Turkish etiquette does not per
mit even a Sultan to take his harem
with him ca his pleasure trips and
probably Abdul Hamid wouldn't do it j
If he could. One of the greatest at
tractions of the yacht. In his e*tiraa
tlon. Trill undoubtedly be the oppor- |
tanity it Trfll afford hira to' get clear S
a*a>- frcn*. a.U the domestic squabbles !
end worries of the much married xaan.
The prevailing «y!e 01 treatment In
tn«-** various apartments Is the
cightemth century Renaitsance, which
lends Itself admirably to the
Oriental love cf warrnta and color.
But these effects have been produced
more by means of richly grained
vood* and sober gilding than by
carvc-d ornaments ar.d brilliant color
ing. The general effect i« one of rfch
nesi combined dignity and im
preasivenMa. Anything approaching
barbaric ostentation has been care
fully avoided, while at the same time
there is abundant evidence to dlscern
\t>% eyes that a mint of money has
been expended.
The finest apartments, of coarse, ere
those which constitute the Imperial
quarters, and here artistic taste and
luxury nave been united -with the hap
piest results. The ilrAng galoen is
cased in finely inlaid mahogany, with
margins cf ajnboyna wood, and the
ctiiins is enriched with gilt ornaments
In relief. The sideboards are of in
laid mahogany, with the 'Sultan's
< ipher inserted in the backs. Costly
hanging of subdued green, with car
ret* to match, impart a. pleasing effect
to the eenera.1 color echeme. The
drawing-room is of inlaid mahogany,
with silt enrichments, the paneling
being dni(J«d with gilt pilasters, and
the skylights are fijled with stained
Sii«s of exquisite workmanship, the
light that filters through . them dis
playing to great advantage the soft,
luxurious hangings of oM crimson
eiik, matching the Genoese velvet
vrith which the wall seats are up
holstered. Tables of costly wood* and
m-tlstlc desigrm. armchairs richly la
laJd with gilt moldings and a piano
Iavt5h!y but rcort beauilfuUy deco
rated complete the furniture.
In the imperial bedroom the furrJ
tnre la of iniaid satin wood, richly flg
ored, with parquetry and panels of the
c-^-**2 Cc""cyr.cn-J*^-C<u
Vkca Abdul Gees to Sea.
"About * the best fire detectives are j
large dynamite crackers. I have these j
crackers distributed all over csy house. |
aad have advised any number of per- ;
sons to use them.
"The idea is decidedly practicable. |
One cf the crackers 13 attached to a |
length cf wire, and it Is then suspended
from some place where It Is likely to be
useful
"I have these crackers hanging from
the roof cf the cellar, from the ceilings
cf the stairways, from under the pad
ded seats of the chairs and s;faa —
every place where they can coavea
lently be put and are likely to be pf
use.
"The idea Is simply this: If a fire
breaks out It can't make much head
way before It reaches one of the crack
ers, and the explosion gives the alarm.
The idea came .to me seme years ago,
and was suggested by a-fire In a groc
ery store.
"The fire had got considerable head
way, aad it was discovered by the ex
plosion of some canned goods, which
attracted the attention cf the people
in the bouse. I decided that If canned
vegetables made a good fire detective,
crackers would be just as good.
"'There Is absolutely no danger, as
some would Imagine, from the dynam
ite cracker, unless the fire Is there; aad
when a dynamite cracker— the kind I
use Is about two Inches long — explodes
It throws Itself right out with the force
of the explosioa. It is a good plan to
keep a couple of them In a wardrobe
where there are a nuinbe* of garments.
The probabilities are that If a fire
should take place the force cf the de
tective cracker In going eff •would ex
tinguish the blaze.
"I have fixed up hundreds of these
crackers for various persons, aad cer
tainly do advise their use. especially la
houses In the, suburbs, where there are
not likely to be people passing and
where a fire ia, therefore, likely to gst
considerable headway before it i3 dis
covered."—Xew York Sun.
Neither Is It especially hostile to man.
havirg cone of the waspish qualities
of so many cf its relatives. That, it
has an* effective weapon in Its stin^
It Is able to demonstrate on the boll
weevil, whenever necessary, but th»
ant does not use the stinff to laf^ct
suffering npen its acquaintances of tha
human race.
A good way to prevent yourself from nate animal Eiakes his appearance
being burned to death la your own P««=ce upon him. There U a swift
«» g u, »™ „*»-. *£«. 1 JTiSSa 0 -^ *£££££
ply cf dynamite firecrackers. That is Eicked np bO4my an<J eikrried away t!>
the theory of Chief Hortoa cf the Eal- t he ant hilL The Trilling worker de
tlmore Fire Department, who directed posits his burden ia the family larder
the efforts of the Baltimore firemen and returns to the cottoa field to re
durlng the" February conflagration ua- peat the operation.
tn he was struck by a couple of live One of the amiable Qualities of the
wires and rendered unconscious. Cera- ant of Guatemala — and It is reputed
mentlng upon this theory. Chief Horv to possess many — 13 that it does not
ton says: • injure the cottoa plast in acy way.
Firecracker Alarms.
The Moon Exploded.
"The death In N-w Tot'k by heart
disease of John T. Sullivan. t1r.« -well
known actor, within about a week af
ter Rose Coyghlan obtained a divorcr
from him," said a Ran Francisco cr
che*tral musician, "and the pathetic
message he sent to her tb«Ct he loved
her still even 'a* the curtain was being
rung down,' reminds me of an Inci
dent that was about the funniest I
have seen In my theatrical experience
and also of a pathetic coincidence
which is more than strange.
"Eight years ago I was playing In
the orchestra of the Alcazar Theater.
John T. Sullivan waa leadicj? man.
The play culminated ia a night scese
• In a darkened grove with the moon
' gradually rising and shining down j
upon a river. The leading man meets
his wife and little girL from whom he J
has been separated, and pleads with .
his wife to return to him- She is ob- j
durate, bui finally the little child j
takes their hands la hers and draws
them together. Then recoadliation
and curtain.
"Theplay ran smoothly for several
eights, "when suddenly one night dor- ;
Ing Sulliva'n's most earnest pleading ¦
the moon exploded. It was made of j
a bunch of white incandescent globes,
which went off like a lot of firecrack
ers and left the players in darkness. |
The house caught the humor of the;
situation and became almost hysteri- *
caL but Sullivan, struggling desper
ately with his lines, finally obtained
the attention of the audience and con
tinued moonless to the finish.
"I waa thinking of the real drama
he has Just acted and how If there
had been a little child to draw their
hands together la the darkaess one of
them would have been found willing
and tha; possibly the ending niignt
have beea different."
«prirs has come again. It la erea pos
sible that ks« Yanke- g-sius will
Invent an incubator for ant ers*
which will dispense with the neces
sity of bringing the que«a. ast Crcna
Guatemala, to this country; the *tt*
might b< importsd and the fncabatsr
would do the rest.
The wisdom* of the ast has passed
fcto a proverb, and th* obserraiioas
of those who have watched the ac
tivities of this useful insect h&v* fz*
tifled It. A wise* creature especially Is
the special variety of a=t Mr. Coo'x
has discovered. Its foraging opera
tions are carried oa -with deiib«rate
nesa and sagacity, asd with a fall al
lowance of opp-ortcrity to evenr Indi
vidual to get his tZL
Wfcea the acts isaie their sortie
from the art +ui, la the cool dawa
or the raoraing. they scatter eagerly
over the surrouniinx fields, a term aatJ
to each stalk of cottoa. They seen
to realize quite well that If tSey con
centrate in any one place there wi3
not be food enough to go around, and
for thi3 reason they cover a wiie area.
Lyin^r perda ca the leaves of the
plant, they await the advent ox th*
boll weevil, and when that uaforta-
fiend i-carr.3.:». delighting in the shed
ding of Christian blood and addicted
to fylns more than any other mas liv
ir.g.
The Quarters set apart In the Ertho
gTcai fcr guests. Princes cf the house
hold and the imperial suite' are scarcely
less eu— ptuous than these of the Sul
taa, the beauty cf the wc-eds employed,
particularly the j*s.nillng. much cf
¦which is •wonderfully Inlaid with ma
hogany, eatlnwood and tulipwood. be
ing especially notable. But here, as
throughout the yacht, is a striking ab
sence cf that ei>ecies cf furnishing'
which represents the popular idea, cf
Ottoman ease and luxury derived from
the "Turkish rooms" cf fashionable
caravansaries, bazaars and places cf
pub'.I-: entertainment. There are no
swinging lamps with perfumed oils and
eubdeed lights; no divans covered with
the softest cf cushions on which the
indolent may recline and whEe the
hours away sipping coffee, smoking
cigarettes, listening to music and
watching voluptuous hearts dancing.
Th^re is abend a r eg cf color, -warmth
aid richness, but its form is distinctly
European. It is said that there is a
good reason for this dominance cf
"Wfrstem ideas is. ail the "fixings** of
:h* yacht. Foreign diplomats wCI un
doubtedly figure among the Suitan'3
guests on beard cf her, and that wily
potentate wishes to Impress upon them
that he is a thoroughly up-to-date
cc"?.rch and that anybody who tries
to impose epea him will get left. The
luxury, aecordins to Turkish notions.
•with which he surrounds himself is
sees cniy by the favored few who are
allowed to penetrate behind the curtains
cf the Tlldix tics'*.
One use whi<ft the Sultan wCl maie
cf his yacht will b« keeping his eye ca
his new navy which he Is bent on cre
ating- His former Minister of Marine,
Hassan Pasha, now defunct, allowed
the Turkish navy, which once con
talr.ed a fair number of good fighting
ships, to go all to" pet while he salted
away considerably over J100.CCO.000 as
his share of the funds that ought to
have been exj>ended In maintaining It.
It is related that on one occasion the
corrupt and unscrupulous Hassan com
pletely hoodwinked the Sultan as to the
condition of his navy by getting up a
review, the feature of which was the
procession of the shirs in three divl
eions past the windows of the Yildiz
Kiosk, where the Sultan himself was
stationed. There were Just enough ve3-
Bcls capable of getting op steam to rep
resent one division, but Hassan made
the craft comprising it repeat the evo
lution twice, and not till long afterward
did Abdul Hamid discover how he had
been tricked. Hereafter he will attend
naral reviews in his new yacht, and Jt
will be Impossible to fool him In similar
fashion.
The first Important vessel of this new
navy, a fine cruiser of 4000 tons, named
after the Scitan, escorted the Ertho
groal to Constantinople. Thither had
preceded her another but smaller steam
pleasure craft, the Seughulda, alio built
at Elswick, which win serve as the Sul
tas's state barge on the Bosphorus.
-E. LISLE SNELL.
«=ie vood. Adjoining it is a bath
room In whit* and marble, with a
nvirble JJoor. Opposite the bedroom is
tli* Sultan's rtudy. treated in cedar
w-oo-i. -with purple wood inlays and re
lieved with goid. The furniture Is al3O
cf jrarpie vrood and the uphoLstery of
gree^ -plush leather." Bookcase and
xrritl^s desks I:r.r>art *° *- an siT oi
Intellectual activiry z* 1 * help sustain
the refutation Fhlch Abdsl Homid's
friends have bestowed on him of be
ing on* cf Che hardest worked raoi
archs in Europe. According to the
picture: they draw of hlca he- Sr.vari
atly rises with the dawn, devoting but
a few hours to sleep, and often spend
ing the entire night, pen in hind, de-
Tisir.g mear.s fcr Improving the condi
tion cf his subjects and checking th*
machinations of Turkey's enemies.
Pro tab !y ihis is no further from the
troth than that other picture -with
whi2h the v,-crld is familiar that de
picts Abdul Eamid &.<• a specks of
The new proposition of the platform will not be novel
to readers of Tee Call, since it responds to demands,
made in our columns frequently during the last three
years. The constitution of the United States requires
that when classes of voters are disfranchised for reasons
over which they have no control, such as race, color or
previous condition of servitude, the representation in
the House and the electoral college of the State which
enacts such disfranchisement shall be decreased in the
proportion that the disfranchised class bears- to the
whole population. When the constitution was adopted
cne of its compromises provided that in the . Congres
sional apportionment five slaves should count as three
in the enumeration of population to determine the ratio
of representation in Congress.
This three-fifths representation of non-voting chattel
slaves grew to be obnoxious to the sense of justice in
the free States. But it was constitutional and it stood
and was the means of giving the South her supremacy
in our national affairs before the Civil War. If the
South can now do two-fifths better for herself by count
ing every negro as one in ths ratio of representation and
at the same time deprive them of the franchise the Fed
eral constitution will be grossly violated. As the North
stood three-fifths slave representation, because it was in
the constitution, the South must now stand the com
plete elision of the negro race from the ratio of repre
sentation because it is in the constitution. She cannot
cat her cake and keep it
The negro disfranchisement has been before the Su
preme Court, which decides that it is a political ques
tion "for Congress, the political branch of the Govern
ment, to decide. The constitution fixe3 the penalty for
denial of the negro franchise. It is a reduction of repre
sentation. The Republican party does not propose to
force negro suffrage upon the South. It does not pro
pose to strike down the constitutions of the Southern
States, which by the "grandfather" clause and other de
vices rob the negro of the ballot. It does not propose to
in any way plant a footprint inside the boundary of
State rights. But it does propose that the constitutional
penalty shall be enforced, and that the South shall not
tske away the negro ballot and at the same time enjoy
an unconstitutional excess of votes in the House and
the electoral college. To this policy no reasonable man
in the South can object. . If the South have sixty mem
bers of the House and sixty electoral votes in violation
of the constitution pride and self-respect should dictate
to her leaders the policy of surrendering them that she
may be purged of" the offense.
It is well here to quote the exact language of the con
stitution, found in the second section of the fourteenth
amendment: "Representatives , shall be apportioned
among the several States according to their respective
numbers, counting the whole number of persons in each
State excluding Indians not taxed. But when, the right
to vote at any election for the choice of electors for
President and Vice-president, Representatives in Con
gress, the executive and judicial officers of a State, or
the members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any
of the male inhabitants of such State, being 21 years of
age and citizens of the United States, or in any way
abridged, except for participation in rebellion or other
crime, the basis of representation therein shall be re
duced in the proportion which the number of such male'
citizens shall bear to the whoTe number of male citizens,
21 years of age, m such State."
A close examination and strict construction of that
section, taken in connection with the preceding section
that grants negro suffrage, make it plain that the authors
of tHe fourteenth amendment contemplated the denial of
suffrage to the negro, and were aware that the Federal
Government could not coerce a State in the mattei and
that its power ceased when the penalty of reduced
representation was enforced. The South has incurred
that penalty by negro disfranchisement and should take
its medicine. The free States did by enduring three
fifths slave representation from 1789 to 1864.
The demand that" our nationals must have the pro
tection cf their Government everywhere, against the at
tempt of any foreign Government to deny to them jus
tice, is timely. Even in this hemisphere our pride has
been., too often shamed by ccpunished invasion of the
rights of Americans by the small spitfire Governments of
Latin-America.
THE Chicago platform satisfactorily reviews the
Republican record and pledges the future action of
the party. Protection is upheld as a cardinal doc
trine, and needed revision of tariff schedules is promised
as a matter of course. The pledge that our merchant
marine shall be revived, is repeated and will be "carried
out. It is cot only an economic necessity, but b a
necessary adjunct to the upbuilding of our navy. With
the vast majority of our foreign commerce carried in
foreign bottoms we are at the mercy of events if the
f.ags ur.dcr which it goes and conies should be at war.
Net only would our export trade suffer, but impairment
of our imports would cut off the tariff revenue of the
country to the embarrassment of the treasury.
The declaration that labor and capital must alike sub
mit to the law is satisfactory to every orderly citizen and
good American. Only those who advocate partial ad
ministration of the law or its complete submersion in
the interest of a class and against the great principles
of civil liberty can object to the platform paraphrase of
President Roosevelt's declaration, that "no man 13
above the law and no man is be!ow it."
THE REPUBLICAN PLATFORM.
The park should be mapped; its trees and plants
catalogued and described; its climate, streams, fauna and
all that relates to it put in a volume that will make" one
of the most attractive .advertisements of San Francisco
and the Stare that has ever been issued. All of this will
grow out of the wisely planned publicity excursion
which will be conducted by the State Board of Trade.
When the park becomes known an impetus will be given
to park extension and forest preservation that they can
get in no other way.
people in San Francisco have ever seen this forest park.
If it were located anywhere in Europe thousand* of
touring Amerioans would visit it and tell of its wonder^
at home. But it is near to us, convenient of access and
practically unknown* and mrmited.
The State Board of Trade has put San Francisco and
California under many obligations for great service
well rendered.^J3ut ii has done nothing in which this
city is more interested than this publicity excursion.
We want to let the State first, the United States next
and then all the world know that this city has such a
park within easy reach. Out of this publicity will come
improvement in facilities for getting there, and then the
park will be the resort of thousands who seek rest,
pleasure and health. It will also attract botanists and
dendrologists and scientific foresters who want to study
nature.
ITHE SAN FRANGISGQ CALL
J0H3 D. SFSECKELS, Proprietor » « « » Address AH Commcnicatiom'to JOHN HcHAUGHT, Sfimgcr
Publication Office '- .Third and Market Street*, g. F>
| FRIDAY ." '. JUNE 24, 1904!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JUNE 24, MM.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tb«
Press Clipping Bureau <Allen'«>^23S Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1942, *
The unlucky citizen who had his dress suit saturated
with coal oil from a tumbling car lamp. and now wants
damages for humiliation, lacerated feelings and an outfit
made worthless has reason to, congratulate himself that
neither spontaneous combustion nor a recklessly thrown
light made his complaint an affair of duty and of honor
for his heirs '
There is an establishment in Brus
sels for teaching: the lugubrious art of
grave discing. It was founded by a
cemetery company and was so success
ful that It received" official approba
tion. All candidates for the post of
sexton in Belgium must have' been
graduated at this unique academy.
Expert Grave Diggers.
THE State Board of Trade has arranged a publicity
excursion to the new. State park in the Big Basin.
That is the finest forest park in the world. No
where else is there such an - expanse . of virgin forest,
composed of trees as interesting and beautiful, reserved
for park and pleasure purposes. It is so convenient of
access from San Francisco as to be actually a part of the
park system of this city. Its redwoods, the Sequoia
sempervirens, are of such girth and; height as to rival
their giant cousins, the Big Trees. The other varieties
of trees are features in the forest and not merely foils
for the redwoods. The beauty and the majesty of the
park are not to have justice done them by any descrip
tion. Yet we "are safe in saying that -not two, hundred
TO THE BIG BASIN.
High license for saloons and an absolute prohibition
upon gambling represent two .great strides recently
taken in progress and decency by the people of Ventura.
It is good for. the citizens of San Francisco to know
these things, even if they carry no more meaning than
the threatening finger of comparison. We are too big
to enjoy some of the privileges and amenities of -normal
civic life. , - . • «
Some surprise was expressed the other day that a
thief who had deftly abstracted a wallet from the
pocket of a hotel guest should return everything except
the money which his peculating cleverness had won.
The victim is unwise to doubt a thieFs wisdom. In
these interesting days of ours the possession of money
is full title of ownership, as big and little transactions
of all sorts amply demonstrate.
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESSACRAMENTO PORTER INSOLVENT— I.
T. Gibson, a porter of Sacramento, filed a
petition in insolvency yesterday. His liabil
ities are |3il 75, with assets aggregating $133.
CASHIER ARRESTED.— George W. Hafner.
sashler at the branch office of the American
District Telegraph Company. 609 Market street.
was arrested yesterday afternoon by Policeman
Gallaway on a warrant from Police Judge
Mogan's court charging him with misdemeanor
embezzlement. The complaining wltnees Is L
N. Miller Jr. of the main of flee at 302 Mont
gomery street.
THOMAS WAS ROMANCTNO.— John Thom
as, alias George Clare, alias Henry Clay, who
lately boasted In a shooting gallery on Grant
avenue that he bad killed Policemen GrtMn
and GrUfltha In Denver in 1S9S. was placed
under arrest but was released from custody
yesterday afternoon. - He was on the verge
of delirium trexaens and did not. know whit
he was* talking about. He was a waiter in a
restaurant In Denver at the time the two
officers were shot.
Antonio Becco, for his 14-year-old
son Andrew, yesterday commenced
suit in the Superior Court to recover
110,100' damages from the D. Ghirar
delli Company for personal injuries al
leged to have been sustained by the
boy on April 12, while he was in the
firm's employ. : It is declared In the
complaint that the -foreman, knowing
the boy to be inexperienced, put him
to work making tops of cans on a ma
chine known as a "cover press," and
by reason of his Inexperience the
boy's hand was mangled and lost two
fingers in the machine.
Bloney for Lost Flagers.
H. Pattee. a merchant of Ca.rr.po. Seco. Ca!a
vera* County, has fil*<J a petition in' ».ar!t
niptcr. H!» liabilities are $0724 M, with as
t -t* amoaciinr to J:i"> 60.
CALAVEKAS MERCHANT BANKRUPT.
. Eight hours later Callaghan called at
the Southern police station and asked
to be sent to a hospital, as he was sick.
He was taken to .the Central Emer
gency Hospital by Policeman Hinrichs,
where it was found that he was suffer
ing from 'colic, and he was detained for
observation. At that time it was not
known that he was the same man who
fired a shot at his wife, but the knowl
edge came to the police later and he
was charged with assault to murder.
John J. Callaghan, an engineer, liv
ing at 744 Harrison street, was taken
from the Central Emergency Hospital
to the City Prison yesterday afternoon
and booked on a charge of assault to
murder. About 3 o'clock Wednesday
afternoon Callaghan went home under
the Influence of liquor, and his wife,
Mary, scolded him. He pulled a re
volver out of his pocket, and she shoved
him aside and ran out of the room,
closfng the door behind her. Callaghan
fired a shot through the door, but the
bullet missed her. She notified Police
man T. C. Murphy, but . when • he
reached the house Callaghan had dis
appeared.
John J. Canadian Objects to Being
Scolded and Is Charged With
,'/:-. Assault to Murder.
Dr. J. Albert XoBIe, who secured an
annulment of his marriage two weeks
ago in the local courts, has again be
come a benedict. The well-known
young surgeon left here a week ago
Thursday for Santa Cruz and was
married there on the same day to
Mis3 M. K. Welsh, formerly of Hono
lulu. After spending a week's honey
moon at the seaside th£ couple re
turned here . yesterday and registered
at the Palace.
Dr. Noble Marries Again.
Le Count Council of Berkeley, Sierra
Council of Oakland and Alanieda
Council of Alameda of the Royal
Arcanum Trill celebrate the twenty
seventh anniversary of the institution
of the order by an entertainment and
<lane<? in Maple Hall. Oakland, thia
evening.
Royal Arcanum Day.
The French colony of San Francisco
has selected the members of the com
mittee who will have charge of t^he
celebration of the fall of the'Basile
to be held at the Mechanics' Pavilion
July 14 under the presidency of the
French Consul. The officers of the
executive committee are as follows:
M. M. Etlenne Lanel, Consul General
of France, president of honor; Felix
Santalller. president of the day: H.
Cassou, first vice president; A. Du
clos, second vice president; E. Pag
nuelo, secretary; A. Ortlon, treasurer.
The celebration will consist of a lit
erary and musical matinee from 1:30
to 6 o'clock, a grand promenade con
cert from 8 to 10 p. m. and a ball
from 10 p. m. .to 5 a. m. Side shows
and other attractions will prevail to
make this occasion a great success.
Bastile Committees Named.
Reliable gas ranges $16 50. regular
price $20. this week only at S. F. Gas
& Eiectric Co.. 415 Post bL •
ENGINEER . TAKES SHOT
AT WIFE THROUGH DOOR
For visitor* to the 'World's Fair to «r*e
the East. Reduced rates to New York
end other Eastern cities are now In ef
fect, via the Pennsylvania Lines,
through either Chicago or St. Louis.
Tickets to New York and Philadelphia
are good via Washing-ton, allowing ten
cays at the national capital. Stopovers
are also allowed at Baltimore and Phila
delphia. For particulars, ask E. M. Pora
»roy, P. C A^ €21 Market street, San
FraacUco. •
An Excellent Opportunity
All we need to be happy fs a little va
cation. No , ma Her what our work may
be. a change is necessary. Man requires
a rest and the best rest is a change of
surroundings. Drop your work for a few
days or a few weeks. Take advantage
of the special rates for the summer over
the California Northwestern Railway.
"The Picturesque Route of California."
and visit some of the beautiful spots
along that road. Stop at a mineral re
sort, a farm house or camp alone some
stream, and come back to your work
with renewed life and vigor. . •
Be Happy.
Ball from G. A. Ball, for desertion;
by Judge Sloss to Minnie H. Cook
from Chester Cook, failure to provide;
Anna Cook from Augustus Cook,
cruelty.
In April, 1903, Ellas Wiberg was
employed as an able seaman on the
American steamer Westport at a sal
ary of $45 per month. ¦ While attend
ing to his duties on the 20th of April
at San Pedro he was injured by the
capstan pulling away from the deck
while the steamer was being warped
to the dock. The broken instrument
struck him with such force that he
will be a cripple for life. Suit was en
tered in the United States court for
$9000 damages and the steamer li
beled. Evidence was given before
Judge de Haven. Yesterday morning
the court handed down a decision in
which Wiberir is awarded damages In
the sum of $4500 and costs.
In United States Court Ellas Wiberg
Wins His Case Against Steam*
ship Owners.
SEAMAN RECOVERS DAMAGES
FOR INJURIES ON WESTPORT
LIMA. Peru, June 23. — Dr. John Frederick
Elmore hag been appointed Peruvian Minister I
at Waahinitton. succpedlnsr Manuel Alvarez I
Cald«ron, who has resigned.
Woods conducted an advertising and
real estate business at 14 McAllister
street and on May 17 he induced G. M.
McKay of 1000 Van Ness avenue to
purchase a half interest In the busi
ness for $400, on the representation that
it was paying a handsome dividend.
When the contract was drawn up Mc-
Kay produced his check for $400.
Woods took it and said he would go to
the bank and have it certified, but he
cashed the check and disappeared.
When McKay went to the office at 14
McAllister street there was nothing to
be seen but a few eirfpty bottles. Mc-
Kay swore out a warrant for Woods'
arrest on a charge of grand larceny.
Two of Woods' other victims are
George Schrenck, to the extent of $450,
and George Stillman, $100. It was
through Schrenck that Woods* identity
with the man under arrest in St. Louis
was made known. Woods attempted to
paas a check there for $303 which' had
been raised from $3. The' check pur
ported to be signed by W. F. Tull & Co.
of this city and payable to g!
Schrenck. When the police here were
notified from St. Louis a reply was sent
that no firm of that name was known
here, but later Schrenck Informed the
police that he had received a check for
$3 from W. F. Tull & Co. of the Par
rott building, which he had handed to
Woods.
F. J. Woods, who was arrested in St.
Louis, Mo., last week, under the name
of E. E. Frink, for attempting to pass
a check raised from $3 to $903 on a bank
there, has been identified as a man
wanted here on a charge of grand .ar
ceny, and yesterday the papers for his
extradition were prepared. A detective
will leave this morning to bring Woods
back.
Proves to Be F. J. Woods, Wanted for
Grand Larceny in San Fran
cisco.
ST. LOUIS CHECK RAISER
IS IDENTIFIED BY VICTIMS
The arresting officers were told by
Hill that he had sold the jewelry and
clothing and had nothing left. He is a
well-known thief and has served five
terms for petty larceny.
The police have been for the last
month on the lookout for Lawrence
Hill, who is wanted in San Mateo
County, and yesterday afternoon De
tectives Cody and Mulcahy saw him on
Montgomery street and placed him un
der arrest. He was locked up in the
City Prison.
Hill was employed by one Leon of
Burlingame. It is alleged that about a
month ago Hill stole a horfee and buggy
and some jewelry belonging to his em
ployer and drove to a store in San
Mateo, where he purchased a quantity
of clothing and underclothing ¦ in the
name of his employer. He drove to this
city and tied the horse to a hitching
post at Golden Gate avenue and Lar
kin street. The rig was taken charge of
by the police and returned to the
owner.
Lawrence Hill Is Arrested by Police
for Stealing Horse and Boggy
and Jewelry.
WANTED. IN SAN MATEO
FOR ROBBING EMPLOYER
Other suits for divorce were filed
yesterday by '» Hannah F. Johansen
against Charles T. Johansen. infidel
ity; Mary Kail against Edward Kail,
neglect and desertion; Grace Whiteley
against Harry Whiteley, cruelty;
Abraham Spigel against Pauline Spi
gel, desertion; Fanny C. Cullen
against P. J. Cullen, neglect.
A divorce was granted by Judge
Troutt to Josephine H. Adams from
Joseph H. Adams, a mining man, on
the ground of willful negtect, and the
court awarded the mother the cus
tody of the child Jeannette and $150
.a month alimony. Other divorces
were granted by Judge Graham to
Cornelius J. Prendergast., from Jean
P. Prendergast for desertion; by
Judge Troutt to Flora Mae Thomas
from H. P. Thomas, for extreme cru
elty; by Judge Kerrigan to Susan G.
Acts of cruelty alleged to have
commenced a few weeks after their
marriage in September, 1896, and
continued until now, are assigned by
Frederika A. Pedro as reason for her
demand for divorce from Anthony S.
Pedro, superintendent for Gray Bros.,
contractors. In the many offenses
specified Is one of his throwing, a
lighted lamp at her. She says that
Pedro owns several parcels of real es
tate and has $7000 in bank. She asks
that she be given $75 a month ali
mony, $100 costs and $500 for attor
ney's fees. ,
OTHER UNHAPPY COUPLES.
Charles F. Jaiser. a detective who
had been employed by the plaintiff
to shadow her husband, had several
written reports of his observations
which were not offered in evidence.
The hearing will be resumed on
Monday.
Marguerite G. Kapp, wife of Charles
F. Kapp, manufacturer of tamales,
yesterday made a quick move in ob
taining a legal severance of marriage
ties. Her complaint for divorce on
the 'ground of cruelty was filed in the
morning and at noon Presiding Judge
Graham had granted her an interloc
utory decree. The husband was in
court and offered no objection to the
proceedings. Mrs. Kapp testified
generally that he had treated her
with extreme cruelty for five or six
years past and her evidence was cor
roborated by her sister, Mrs. Frank
Dunn.
Two letters which were not read in
open court because of the nature of
their contents constituted the feature
of the trial commenced yesterday in
Judge Sloss' court of the suit of Louise
K. HIslop against George W. Hlslop
for divorce on £he ground of infidelity.
Xowlin and Fassit appeared for the
wife and West and De Journal looked
after the husband's case. The specta
tors were few and included Henry A.
Brown, paying teller of Wells-Fargo s
Eank. who is defendant in a • suit
brought by Hislop for $50,000 for the
alienation of his wife's affections.
In her complaint filed last December,
Mrs. Hislop said that the cause of her
husband's breaking of his marriage
vows was a woman known as "Vio
lette." In her testimony on the stand
yesterday she said that the woman was
Violet Griswold, with whom her hus
band had lived and traveled in th"e
•north and whom he later brought to
San Francisco. She said that in a let
ter and in conversation Hislop admit
ted to her that he loved the woman
more than he could any one else.
Mrs. Hislop said in her evidence that
her husband was a commercial traveler
and earned fro'm $400 to $500 a month.
When asked if Brown had ever loaned
her any money she replied that upon
one occasion when her husband neg
lected to send a remittance she asked
Brown for a loan of $100. She received
the amount and said that Hislop still
owes it to Brown.
Rose Lamperle, a professional
nurse, testified that she was employed
by Mrs. Hislop in November and De
cember last and only saw Hislop in
the house once. On that occasion he
came to take the children to the park
and later returned with them.
SHADOWED BY DETECTIVE.
The immediate occasion of inviting
Mr. Craw to Hawaii is the damage that
has bet-n done by the leaf hopper, &u
ins«:t that has cost the sugar planters
of Hawaii millions of dollars. Mr. Craw
has done valuable work in California
in the line of protecting trees, vines
and crops from the ravages of Insect
pests, using beneficial parasites gath
ered from various parts of the world.
He has been connected with the State's
quarantining of fruit pests for nearly
fourteen years. The engagement to go
to Hawaii results from the work in
formed by Mr. Craw in California.
Mr. Craw will remain in this city un
til socit time in August. In the mean
time ne will make the best arrange
ments he can to care for the interttt3
of the cftice that he is vacating His
work in the quarantine department of
the Horticultural Commission has been
seconded ably by his assistant, E. K.
Carnps. Mr. Cooper says Carnes will
make an efficient officer.
TO FIGHT LEAF HOPPER.
fer from Hawaii.
The salary given in Hawaii Is more
than double that offered in California,
and In this State the position occupied
by Mr. Craw was not considered to be
ctrtaln. Any" Legislature might abol
ish it by withholding the appropriation
to carry on the fruit pest quarantine
and other work of the Horticultural
Commission. Mr. Craw says that, all
things being 'equal, he would like to re
main in California, but he could not see
that it was for his interest to surren
der so flattering and satisfactory an of-
This information will be displeasing
to the fruit growers of California and
to the canning industry and allied in
terests concerned in the protection of
orchards and fruit crops in this State.
When exclusive information was given
in The Call that Mr. Craw had under
consideration an offer to go to Hawaii
as the head of the service in the islands
as chief entomologist there was a stir,
and many efforts were made to per
suade Mr. Craw to remain in Califor
nia. This he probably would have de
cided to do if the inducements had been
at all like those held out officially by
the Hawaiian Government.
YIELDS TO INDUCEMENTS.
Alexander Craw, State quarantine of
ficer against insect pests, has aceepted
the similar position offered him by the
Government and sugar, planters of Ha
waii at an advance of salary from $200
per month to $5000 a year, with a con
tract for five. years.
•A cablegram was received by Mr.
Craw yesterday from Honolulu asking
for a decision- He cabled his accept
ance and notified Horticultural Com
missioner Cooper that he would retire
from his position in* the employ of the
State of California.
In spite of rumors to the contrary
Josua Eppinger is still in town. He
Bays that he will In no way try to
avoid a summons from the court. The
notion that he is trying to secretly
leave town he denounces as being pre
posterous. • . •
During the day the defendant again
showed signs of failing health. His
head drooped and he leaned heavily
on the shoulders of his son, until At
torney Ach requested Judge Lawlor to
permit him to leave the courtroom.
As there were no witnesses to be ex
amined the Judge readily complied
with the request and the former grain
king was assisted from the court
room.
Arguments as to" admissibility of
secondary evidence occupied the en
tire day in the proceedings against
Jacob Eppinger, charged with obtain
ing money under false pretenses. The
point at issue has occupied the atten
tion of the court for two days and the
courtroom has practically been trans
ferred into a law library, all the avail
able desks being piled high with vol
umes from which citations are made
by the six attorneys engaged in the
case. The argument on the question
at issue would, it was agreed, be fin
ished by 3 o'clock Wednesday after
noon, but- it was not until nearly 5
o'clock yesterday that Attorney Short
ridge, In a burst of oratory including
a plea for "an unfortunate and broken
down merchant," closed the argument.
All manner of cases which might
have bearinsr on the one at issue were
cited by the attorneys, each choosing
a Supreme Court decision of some par
ticular State to support his contention.
If the prosecution would tell of a case
in Massachusetts the defense would
attempt to offset it- with a similar
case from another end of the conti
nent with a dissimilar decision.
Wife of Tamale Man Files
Complaint in Morning,
Gets a Decree at Noon
Josua Is Still in the City
and Says That He Has No
Intention of Leaving It
Double Salary and Surety of
Five Years' Tenure Induce
Him to Forsake California
DEFENDANT WEAKENING
GOES AWAY IN AUGUST
DIYOECE IN" QUICK TIME
He Decides to Enter Ha
waiian Government . Ser
vice at an Early Day
Trial of the Wife's 'Action
for Divorce Is Begun Be
fore Superior Judg^ Sloss
Eppinger's Attorneys Still
Opposing the Admission
of Secondary Evidence
CRAW ACCEPTS
NEW POSITION
HISLOP LETTERS
ARE NOT READ
FINE POINTS
CAUSE DELAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 24. 1904.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
OITE TXOXJSAWD GLASSES of Jel
and. Jam pat up dally. Ton ar» wel-
coaie— our preservtag' kltcliea open to
all. s
Sapolio, renoins c»ko 60
Hand or scrubbing sl»>. Usually 10c.
JEX. A.VD JAM. ASSORTED. DOZEN $1.10.
Cora Starch pouad pig" Eo
Made from choicest selected white corn.
Usually 10c.
¦ BEST SAN'D SOAP. 8 CAKES 25c
Pure Leaf I.ard.... 3-lb pall 35o
Snow white, kettle rendered. Usually 4Sc
10c CANS ALASKA SALMON. 7%c.
Bert Japan Bice, larye grain.. pound 5c
- Clean and bright; cooks white and whole.
MRB. FADER'S MUSTARD. LARGE JAR 10c
Gfclraxdelli'« Cocoa , . . can. ( 8Oo
Beats the Dutch. Usually 25c Friday 'and
Saturday nights.
PEANUT BUTTER. PIXT JAR 25c.
3So Java aad Mocha Coffee.... lb. S5o
Best there is; full, rich cup quality; whole
or ground.
BROKEN J. & M. COFFEE. 8 LBS. SOo.
SL, BUTTER, sqr 331c
Choice of leading Humboldt brands. Usually 40c
20o JUMBO WALNUTS. LB. 13c.
Fort or Sherry, "Eliea" .jaL 880
Excellent old tonic wines. Usually S1.25.
OLD MILLER WHISKY. LARGE BOT. COc
KENTUCKY O.K. WHISKY,
Half gallon $1.15
Rye or bourbon. A sample will do you good.
Usually $3.00 sal. '
RAINIER BEER. DOZEN 60c.
ZTapa Claret gralloa 35o
3 gallons $1.00. Usually 50c eal.
1001 Fillmorc St 119 Taylor St
PillfirA DON'T FAIL TO
raidlC be&stifui
t COURT Lonnjing
dflU room, the EMPIRE
wuw parlor, the
r — - A PALM ROOM, the
fironci louis xv par -
" ! UUU LOR, and the LA-
II _ j _| _ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room-
; MERCHANT TAILORS. ! !
i 622 Market Street. !
UpStairs. Opp. Palace Hotel, jj:
SAN FRANCISCO. ;;;
; : Novelties in Imported Wear. \ ' '
qQ|C^^F Vb^Cf *t mW MK &B mU mSB • 9 ' *t_ t t t r
inde*cnoable fear, for
child-birth. The thought
of the suffering aad danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts over her %
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy rob*
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at the
time of their most critical trial. Not only, does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of child-birth, but its use
gently prepares the system for the coming erent, prevents "morning
sickness," and other dis- __
comforts of this period. BkSM dffi& *&" §LB EF BB& 9 ti&
Sold by all druggists at • § sBSLffu &
$1.00 per bottle. Book* ¦ ¦ ¦
containing valuable information free. B$£*$tB STffl
The Bradfield Rector C*.. AtUata, 6*. B B&M^aBWMrS
ADVEBTISEIXENTSI
FREE.
OXE BOX (S CAKES)
UIGH GRADE
PERFUMED TOILET SOAP
TO ALL PERSON'S BRINGING
A WANT AI> TO-DAT FOR
IXSERTTOX IX
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
(See Ad on Classified Pa^e.) .
APVEBTISTrtTT-TTrS.
""A
0 __^ —^ . O
§ : -~ : — I
1 1 DAYS, p^ SALE. 1
_£ ' " ' '0
I Everything Sacrificed. |
I TAILOR SUITS, I
| JACKETS AND SKIRTS. I
3 $12.50 Suits we sell at.$495 $5.00 Jackets at. ». .".$1.95 g
I t£~ II* £::::: igjgf f * ft ts at lit I
1 $20.00 Suits at S895 $75 ° J ackets at. ....$345 I
g $22.00 Suits at $995 $10.00 Jackets at $445 |
I Silk Etdns, Silk Blouses and Loose Back p
I Coats at $4.95, $5.95, $6.45 and $8.95 |
% $2.00 Skirts at 75c I $>oo Skirts at $245 fi
O $4.00 Skirts at $1J5 | $7.50 Skirts at $345 §
I Children's Jackets Sold. Now at 25c on the Dollar |
I 75c, 95c, $1.45 and $1.95 |
'% 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. »
I w%cx to •« tic famn cvzet i_ iloeg tie track, _4^g^^~ n _f dSk
I wast to {o throsfb Pant te V-.ii.ts and bark, fi {L <v-^^» £' P"^\
I t ukr :. *er tie bull cf a— I think I'd ie« as »ooa Mrk 'Vf^*^* sudksL *
Take tie substance to Kadn and tie »: - s;:s to the 100s. Mf*m j^f^-^* flfln^V
• ' ' ire " < I pr: there, •--.e-.z. Cut *icr. 1 -rite a itr.ee Sjpj \7 "^ fi^'vm
;: t -r •-¦ c: -_:. Lc.i >•« :o ,:rt alocj tSe P.ke. /5^^* * r *^r»"** »^r*£ok
— "A E: i: ';-- Pike," by VVa^acc Ima. CepTr.jlitrd bf ABltSI Sfh rMlfyll
To St. Louis and Return u /% /
Vjv II. II. It. _'--! 1,1, I«, IS.S1.1J; jS> 1, 1,7,8, I}, U; Ijl F \Qk i
Ac{uttt.9,i:,iS, 19, Septccbel 5,6,7,f, October 1,4,5,6. I I f \tM j
Take the Rock Island Sjitem tnd \ JHA »W£\ I(5iW s\
you go thro* without charge. Scenic \t wK< /^ife^fL*j_$i
cr Southern Iir.c, as preferred. Stsr.d- \\.\j ffiixw&flJ^imiu £? fJ
ard ar.i tcuriit s'.eepbg cars; dining w \W^^£\
cars. Trsir.s jtcp at Miin Enu-ance yftfa^7_s\ L \ * \S
FtU ir.forr.idon ca rccaert. S S
SilTliRr IIIIR C^ or write. L // f t \ \ \ \a
B"Mf ,»MtiH IB r. v j^ «Jr J? jfliW \J
d^^ljMHInlB 623 Market Street, \ £ S A^JJ^ffi®"
V icT x : • AS VZBTISEMENT3.
Bar3H»yyy '-./•** t-P^Y"' jp » * *S «•¦'*¦ ? \ I
mm 5 *O* J I *i?" "^ c^*' ll
I To be a successful wife, to retain the love ¦
and admiration of her husband should be a
woman's constant study. Mrs. Brown and
Mrs. Potts tell their stories for the benefit
of all wives and mothers.
"Diab Mm. Petkham:— I^ydlA E. Pinkliain's Vegetable Com*
pound will make eTcry mother well, strong, healthy and happy. I dragged
through nine years of miserable existence, worn out with pain and weariness.
I then noticed a statement of a woman- troubled as I was, and the wonderful
results she had had from yonr Vegetable Compound, and decided to try what
it would do for me, and used it for three months. At the end of that time I
was a different woman, the neighbors remarked it, and my husband fell in
lore with me all over again. It seemed like a new existence. I had been suf-
fering, with inflammation and f ailing of the womb, but your medicine cured
that and built up my entire system, till I was indeed like a new woman. —
Sincerely yours, Mrs. Chas. F. Bbow^, SI Cedar Terrace, Hot Springs, Ark.,
Vice President Mothers' Club. 7
Suffering: women should not fail to profit by Mrs. Brown's ex*
periences ; just as surely as she was cured of the troubles enumer-
ated in her letter, just so surely will Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound cure other women who suffer from womb troubles,
inflammation of the ovaries, kidney troubles, nervous excitability,
and nervous prostration. Read the story of Mrs. Potts to ail
mothers • —
•• Dx ah Mas. PnrxHAsc : — During the early
¦^^jjjty^tvT^y. part of my married life I was rery delicata
jdBj$l!&!fi*&±*Sm. * n b ea l-k- " I had two miscarriages, and both
j£MpJ^^^t^^^fi^^ my husband and I felt very badly as we wera
-^V anxious to have children. A neighbor who
had been using- Lydia E. Pinkham's
Jg^jJJ^^^FipCiEpI^^ Vegetable Compound advised me to try
c^l^i^r^nufl * 1 ' an( * * decided to do so. I soon felt that
my appetite was increasing, the headaches
Jp3fc!y&?§jf3B* Y^jPsdgi |H and my general health improved. I felt as
HnMaT) fflK^^« if new blood coursed through my Teins, th«
¦iriKreixisia*?^ JhxB&rx'- - j slujfiT'sh tired feelin ? disappeared, and I b«-
f^-"^^-^-"" 3 '^«fl*ici a^jflc^%l£G"t*i5Ti came strong and welL
" n a ye*r alter I became the mother
of a strong healthy child, the ioy of our home.
VwWlHr^'jir/l/ jJzT^ vSl Yoa certainly have a splendid remedy, and I
f^iS^ti 1 '/^' S^few^1» wish every mother knew of it. — Sincerely
yours, Mb3. Aitxa Potts, 510 Park Ave., Hot
y&'^ii'^ $**miiY 3 rou * M * ere k asytiuag a - aH
\,|| I i&lsw' unusual or puzzling about your case, or
&£' if you wish confidential advico of the
most experienced, write to Mrs. Pink-
ham, Lynn, Mass., and you will be advised free of charge. Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has cured and 13 curing thousands
of cases of female troubles — curing them inexpensively and absolutely.
Remember this when you go to your druggist Insist upon getting
lydia Em Pinkham'.B Vegetable Compound*
1 I Vv/jLI house,
n A m A I Performance
ROBIN »=
nUUU TRIUMPH
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION.
BEAUTIFUL SCENERT.
SUPERB COSTUMES.
AITS THE OBEAT CAST.
Seats always selling— 23c. BOc. 73c
Usual TlvoU Prices — Only Matlne* Satar.
REGULAR MATINEE TO MORROW AT 2.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEXT WEDNESDAY
ATS
TO-NIGHT, at 8 Sharp* .
DAVID BELASCO
PRESENTS MR3.
Leslie GARTER
In HU New Play,
DU B/\F<KY :
seats poe thxbd a1td xiast wzxx
now on sale;.
PRICES— <2.00. |1.6». <1.CO. 73c and 80c
ANOTHER BIG NEW SHOW!
HELEN BERTBAM
roster and roster; tfowt aad Scott; JEar-
row Trio; Oracey aad Bnraett, aad
Omasum Motion Pictures. Saowlar
Review of the S. T. TTKT. DEPART-
MENT. Last times of Affonst. "Westoa
aad Company; Eddie Heron aad Com-
pany; Komaai Trio, aad "Mlis," ros-
ter's Doff.' .
Regular matmee Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Satorda7 and Sunday. Prices, 10c. 23o
and BOc
Only this aad next* week o* tie Hilariously
Funny Buriesqae.
THE MORMONS.
Full of excellent songs, .'specialties' and this
"All-Star Cast": Edna Aug. Garrlty Sis-
ters, Freda Gallick, Torice and Adams,
Al Fields. Edwia Clark. ¦ Bea
Dillon and Roy Alton.
Marvelous Chorus of Forty.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Same Popular Prices.
....s:f:e:oza.Ij ...
Commenctns; with Matinee on July 4
"THB LUCKT STONE." *
l . The funniest ever. First appearance of the
Queen of Burlesque. DOROTHT MORTON.
Beats now oa sal?,
¦ . i'lmiiHUBim _
GOLUmJBj A takiaTsaia
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY. ;
Sl SOTHCER3ST
* Management DANIEL. FROHMAN.
In the Miracle Play.
THE PROUD PRINCE.
By the Author of "If I Were King."
LAST TIME SATURDAY NIGHT.
Oakland Theater-goers N'ote — Mr. Sothera
does not vfslt Oakland daring his present tour.
This theater will be closed during tS» weak*
of Jane 27 asd July 4.
Srtylif* ethel"barrymore
In Her Greatest Sueces*. -COCSlX KATt"
ALCAZAR'l—r
Osaral Manager.
TO-HXOKT— MATS. TZVBS. k SAX.
Clyde Fitch's Famous Pastoral Comedy.
LOVERS' LANE
"A decided suee*s«." — Chronicle.
Gorgeous Production— Great Cast.
Last W««k of Stock Company Seasoa.
£vg.. 23c to 73c Mats. Thurs. A Sat.. 23c t» M»
Next Monday— Th* Romastio Actor.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
Opens Summer Engagement la
BOLSnXS OT rOBTTCTS.
SEATS NOW SSIXIXO.
CENTRAL*!?
Markat Street. Kear EJ shth. Phone Strata 853.
TO-XIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AXD SL*XDAT.
Magnificent Spectacular Production of GeorgS)
R. Stms* Famous Masterpiece.
LIGHTS 0' LONDON
Stupendous Scenic Effects. Lendoa Bridga by
Night.
TESTIilOiriAL BBSTTTT VTEEK
for the Distinguished Veteran Actor.
L. R. STOCKWOi,
DDirtC Evenings 10c to Z*i
rKlwCO Matinees 10e. Uc. 23a
VTeek June Zt— POWER OT THB CROS3.
BRAND0W~15d WILEY,
Aad a Splendid Saow Errry Aftcraooom
aad Sroals? la ta« TUtate?.
TAKE A RIDE OX THE
jKXZTXATTnUB EXXCTB1C KATT.«Qa-Q.
Esmeralda aad Her BABT MON'KEY la tb*
ZOO.
IXBPSCT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Syanhony Orchestra*.
Look; Out for "AROOr*
Atelssta. 10c; Ciilirta. 6*BOTD KSTATB 8ETTL1ED.— Superior Judge
Coffey yesterday decreed the settlement of th«
final account and the distribution of the estate
•T Alexander Boyd. v«Ju«d at ftbdut $1,600,000.
Harvard Stroke Has Appendicitis.
GALES FERRY, Conn., June 23. —
Brownell, stroke of the Harvard four
oar crew, was sent to a hospital at
New London last 'night and to-day it
waa decided by the doctors that he
had appendicitis. He therefore will
not row again this season and his
withdrawal from, the crew Is regarded
at -'the Harvard headquarters as
throwing the four-oared 1 : contest open
to some Question*
Two Challenges- for America's Cup.
NEW YORK, June 23. — Gossip
among yachtsmen here is to the effect
that two challenges may. be expected
from England and that there will be a
race for the America's cup next year
if the New York Yacht Club will ac
cept the challenge. Two British
yachtsmen are ready to build boats.
One ' challenge ' is expected from the
Royal Clyde. Club and another through
the Royal Ulster Club. Sir Thomas
Lipton, representing the latter, al
ready has had. so many chances at lift-
Ing the famous trophy that It is likely
the Clyde challenge. will be accepted.
The organized rooters from the two
departments will occupy prominent
places In the grandstand and will
adopt the regulation college style yell
whenever there is anything doing.
The entire proceeds of the game will
be devoted to the -widows and' orphans'
funds of the two departments. The
promoters of the game expect to re
alize handsomely by : the project. /All
the city officials will be present to foot
for their favorite team. . , .
The players of «both teams will ap
pear In natty regulation uniforms,
made by the J. J. Pflster Knitting
Company. -* _j
Eaola. catcher; Blrfeall, pltchtr; Sheehaa •. first
bane; Droutet. left field; Proll. second base-
Hamlll. rtcht field: Becker, center field; Coulter
and Gaurhran, extras.
EIGHTY IIOUXDS ENTERED
IN IXGLES1DE PARK STARE
Amateur Boxing Contests To-Xight.
The. amateur, boxing exhibition of
the San Francisco. Athletic Club will
be held at Woodward's Pavilion to
night. Manager Alec Greggalns has
arranged an inviting card and" a good
night's sport should result. ¦ Ted
Wolffe and Joe Thomas are carded for
the main.. event.
Electric Railway Changes Owners.
SANTA CRUZ. June 23.— The; Santa
Cruz and Garfleld Park electric railway
has been purchased ' from James P.
Smith of New York by F. S. Granger
of San Jose, who built the Jnterurban
road In Santa Clara Count jr.
The Dogs Beaten In the First Round
Will Then Meet in Consolation
\ Number.'
An eighty-dog open stake and a
consolation number for the grey
hounds beaten in the first round will
form the card for this week's cours
ing at Ingjeside Park. The draw last
night resulted as follows:
Red Brick vs. Jessie Dear; Lucy Clalr vs
Tiotting Bob;. Commercial Traveler vs Fos
hunter: Lady Menlo vs. Frisky Boy; Evil Eye
vs. Queen of Victory; Eagle . Bird vs. Arflcu
late; Flora Temple vs. Frank Dunn: Donny
brook vs. Lily York t Our Myra vs • J C.
Heenan; Rot-kiln Boy vb. Manru; Advance
Guard vs. Runaway Actress; Dartaway vs.
May Tunnlson; ¦ Prometheus vs. Pa«ha Pleas
ant; General Fremont vs. The Fiddler- Yourie
Mountain Belle vs. My Grafter; Glaucus vs
Northern Alarm: Royal Friend vs. Belfast'
'tolling Boer. vs. "Wedgewood ; Conroy vs Lily
Wright; Lady Florence vs. Equator: Lady
Russell vs. Topsy Turvy; Grace Greenwood
vs. AKSTle W ; Modest Beauty vs. Monbolls-
Dear Gaston vs. Yellowtail: Maid of the Glen
vs. Vina; Balendine vs. Imperious- Courtly
Guest vs. Ruby Sankey; Good Decision vs.
Mlrase; Northern, Lad v». Hoy Hughlc- Black
Swan vs.. Rock Island Minnie; Ml Am'leo vs
Golden Rule; Oclden Garter vs. Doreen- Jack
Doe vs. Golden Light: Aurelia vs. Forest Fire-
Queen's Motto vs. Golden Feather; Sunny
South, vs. Remisso Anlrao; Miss Brummel "s
Gold Lily; Jerry Wright vs. Free Cosfa- Little
Mercy v«. Annie Ryne; Peter Mr Intyrc vs.
Hermit. \
Reliable gas ranges $16 60. regular
price $20, this week only at 8. F Oa«
& Electric Co.. 416 Post at. •
First Rnce~— Moonct, Loretta M,
Dota«je.
Second Rare — Cay American, Se.
leeted.- Short Cake.
Third Race — .Monogram. Franco.
Limerick Girl. .r>
Fourth Race — Kstradn Palma, K!;n
tie, Ice Water.
Fifth Race — Autumn Leaves, Pre
tension, Lasso.
Sixth Race — Suave, Clorerton, Be
hoore. x
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
106, Mineola 101, Requlter 101, Brtar Thorp*
9S. Weather clear: traik fast.
The score of 86 for the Grand Ameri
can handicap i3 greater by two than
the previous record, which was made
at Kansas City last year..
INDIANAPOLIS, June With a
thousand enthusiasts crowded about
the lines and in what was probably the
most exciting finish ever witnessed in
a Grand American tiapshooting tour
nament. Richard L. Guphill of Aitken,
Minn:, haudicapped at 19 yards, won
the Grand "American trophy, a silver
tea service and $1000 in cash, in the
third shoot-off of a tie with William
Randall of Tellurlde, Colo., with , %%
breaks.
Late in* the afternoon the contest
ants began to string out and it became
evident that Guphill and Randall were
the proba"ble winners. Guphill finished
first with. a score of 86. Randall then
faced the traps, breaking 19 straight
targets and tying the score.
In. the/flrsf shoot-off at twenty tar
gets the result was a tie with 19 breaks.
In the third the score stood: Guphill
19, Randall 33.
Is Tied Twice i»t the Bluerock Traps
With William Randall of
Colorado.
TRAPSIIOOTER GUPHILJj
WIXS.THE GRAXD AMERICAN
ACCUSES SON-IN-LAW.— Mrs. Mary Mey
ws of Boulder Creek swor« to a Warrant in
Police Judg* Conlan> court yMterday for fh*
arrest of John Sonosini. Ifrr son-in-law on *
charge of petty -larceny. She' claims that he
entered her room on Wfdne.s'lay night nml
¦tole her purse containing S.S !!• and hi* wife
have been separatfil for some time and their
child la a:i orphan asylum.
Supervisor Boxton stated he was
willing to make a test case of the mat
ter and submit a recommendation to
the Board of Supervisors that the per
mit for August be given to the Hayes
Valley Club. Boxton was of the opin
ion that the provisions of the ordinance
should be enforced, although 'it would
appear that in the past permits had
been granted to clubs not complying
with the law. Eggers opposed such
recommendation, saying the ordinanca
should J>e sent to the City Attorney for
an opinion as to its validity. Super
visor McClellan agreed with Boxton
and the committee filed a majority re
port recommending the granting of the
August permit to the Hayes Valley
Club. ¦*¦;¦•¦ ; ¦ .
-.Morris Levy appeared before the
committee and sai<j his club was the
only. one that complies with the ordi
nance requiring athletic clubs giving
professional boxing exhibitions to have
a gymnasium and 250 members on the
roll. Lev}' said the Shasta Club has no
gymnasium and no membership and
was not entitled legally to obtain a
permit. ¦ . .
Consternation was spread broadcast
among the promoters of professional
boxing yesterday by the action of the
Supervisors' Police Committee in
granting the August permit to Morris
Levy of the Hayes Valley Athletic
Club. Levy had previously been grant
ed the July permit for the Hanlon-
Nelson tight.
• Manager Coffroth of the Shasta Club
counted on this date, to which he had
postponed the Jeffries-Munroe contest.
"This has come as a surprise to me,"
he said last night. "It upsets the pre
cedent which has been followed for
years In the granting of permits. The
Shasta Club has paid its license and is
entitled to the consideration shown the
other clubs." '
220-yard rare— Won. by F. Galley. Olympic"
Club; P. hundberg. Olympic Club, second: G
Dcwson, Lurline Swimming Club, third. Time
2::»U 2-5. Breaks world's record of 2:38 '
Fancy diving— Won by F. Geddes, Lurline
Swimming Club; W. C. Pomln. Lurline Swim
ming Club, second. • .
100-yard dash— Wen by J. S. Leary, Olympic
Club; O. Schuitz. ¦ Lurline -Swimming- Club
second. Time. 1:00 1-5 (unofficial). ,
hsO-yard» race— Won by K. A. Bozlo. Olympic
Club; H. Heinz. Lurline Swimming Club, sec
ond. Time, 13:13 4-0. ¦
J. Scott Leary of the Olympic Club
won the 100-yard dash. A -mistake on
the part of the starter probably cost
him the record. Only one watch caught
Leary's time and according to that
timepiece the Olympian went over the
distance in 1:00 1-5. The present Ameri
can record is 1:01 2-5. Leary's time Is
unofficial and therefore will not stand.
K. A. Bozio .of the /Olympic Club
trotted in handily in the 880-yard con
test. He had but one opponent, A.
Heinz, and the latter was beaten by
six laps. The fancy diving contest was
won by F. Geddes, with W. Pomln. a
good second. Following is a summary
of the various events: j
50- yard dash— Won by E. R. Davli. L'Jillne
Swimming Club; F. Galley, Olympic club sec
ond; E. DawEon. Lurline Swimming Club,
third. Time, i'7'2-5 eecond*. This breaks
American and coast record of 27 4-5 seconds.
440-yard race— Won by F. Galley, Olympic
Cluij; G. Diwson, Lurline Swimming Club,
Kt-cond; H. Heinz. Lurline Swimming Club,
third. / Time, 0:05. Breaks American and
ccast records of 6:10'j. ¦¦¦-,-
The world's swimming record for 220
yards went n-glimmering last night
when Frank Gailey, the modest swim
mer from Australia, shot over the tape
a lap ahead of his nearest competitor
at the Lurline Baths. Galley went over
the distance in 2 minutes 36 and 2-5
seconds. The next best time was that
of 2:38, also. held by an Australian.
This was the principal event of the
swimming championship contests under
the auspice? gf the Pacific Athletic As
sociation, and it brought out a crowd
of about 1000 person?. The remainder
of the programme was an excellent one,
and many spirited contests resulted.
Besides doing the big stunt of the even
ing. Gailey won the 440-yard race,
breaking the American amateur record
of 6:10»£. He was a close second in the
fifty-yard race, won by E. R. Davis,
a soldier from the Presidio, who aston
ished the gathering by his great per
formance:
Swims Two Hundred and
Twenty Yaf-ds in East Time
of 2:36 2-5, Winning Easily
Morris Levy Steals a March
on Kival Promoters and
Secures the August Date
Sixth" race, sereil furlong?, selling— Dottrel
won. July Gyp second. Al-arrtta thfrd. Time.
1:C9.
Second race, four furlongs, sell!n»; — Lady
Ninora won. Rubiana second, Mabel Bates
third. Time, :50.
Third race, five furlnngs, sell Ins —Aurora Fl
won. St. PbUJpplna second. MacFlecknoe third.
Time. 1:01',.
Fourth rare, one mil<». selling — Invirtus won.
Pilot second. Anlrad third. Time, l:4-'t«J.
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse — Andrew p.
Cook won. Instructor second. Ocvrohs thir-J
Time. 1:14 Li.
SEATTLE. June 23. — Summary
First race, five furlongs, selllnr — Roralr*
won. B. C. Green second. Sunday third. Time.
I:fi2»i.
Racine at Seattle.
MIGHTY EFFORT
OF AUSTRALIAN
CLUBS AT WAR
OVER A PERMIT
GUARDIANS OF THE PEACE WHO WILL APPEAR ON THE BASEBALL DI <U
MOXD AT RECREATION PARK NEXT SUNDAY IN THE ANNUAL MATCH
GAME WITH THE MEMBERS OF THE FIRE DEPARTMENT ?•¦; "~
First race— Lalonde. John Smulski,
Blue Bird.
Second race— Alma Dtrfoar, Jerry
Lynch. Sweet Tone.
Third race — Bad Xerrs, Floral Kin;,
Biirlefch.
Fourth race — Glassful. Harrison.
Lacy Crawford.
FJf th/race — Schoolmate. Horatlos,
Fonsoluca.
Sixth nice — Sea Sick. Miss Jordan.
Gallant Cassie.
HAWTHOKXK SELECTIONS.
Keen rivalry exists between the two
teams. They met in combat last year
and the fire fighters triumphed by a
t-core of A to 2. The members of the
police force were sadly disappointed
iit the result, for they imagined that
beating the sealer? of houses would be
f-asy. They have been waiting for re
venge during all these months and
hope to regain their lost laurels on
Sunday afternoon.
The fire laddies have an exalted opin
ion of their rrowess as stars of the
creen field. Their victory last year
has only served to make them confi
dent of turning the trick once again,
and if practice and confidence count
they are liable to send the coppers
home with the short end of the score
once again.
The eale of seats for the big game
hes been in progress for several weeks
paFt and upward of fifteen thousand
tickets were readily disposed of. It
Fecms every one in the city is anxious
to see the game, so v/hen time is called
by the old favorite, "Rube" Levy, a
howling mob is sure to greet the as
piring diamond stars.
The teams are the pick of the two
departments and any man who does
not make a good showing during the
frame will be an unhappy mortal for
months to come. The players will be:
Firemen— Bodkin, right field: Welsh, third
*»se: Levy, «hort«top; Harrington, left. field-
Kelly, second ba«e: Murphy, first base:
Ueachara. center fle!<J; FHzpatrick. pitcher;
I^nfleberr. catcher: Ewir.g and Omeo. extra?.
Poll<r» — Plome. shortstop: Casey, third base:
When the fire laddies line up on the
Ki een diamond of Recreation Park next
Sunday afternoon to struggle fcrr base
ball honors with the city'E finest, every
loyal friend of the two departments
will be in the grandstand or on the
bleachers. It will be a game worth
seeing and, being for the benefit of a
¦worthy charity, should prove doubly
attractive.
PORTLAND, Ore.. June 23.—Dug
dale told his men to wait until the
sixth inning before making their ef
fort in to-day's game. Huss Hall's
chest was painfully in evidence up to
this point in the game. He allowed
nothing to happen that would put fig
ures on the Portland score board,
while his own team mates secured
two one spots. At Dug's private sig
nal thinprs commenced to change.
Six to the good was Portland's share
at the end of the game. The score:
Los Angeles — H - I Portland — ' -
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.-
Toman.ss 5 0 11 <V Nadeu.lf 3 2 1 1 0
Flood,2b: 4 0 0 4 SlMcCrd.rf 2 0 0 11
Bmlth.Sb 4 0. 0 0 4 rhlrrin.cf 3 12 6 0
Prnard.ef 4 2 2 10 Jijck.lb. 4 1 2 11 . 1
Cravth.rf 3 0 11 0 Frncls,3b 4 0 0 10
Chase.lb. 4 0 0 14 0 Castro.'Jb 4 0 2 3 3
Ross,lf.. 4 110 0 Rymd,ss 4 0 12 5
Bplea.c. 4 13 3 l.fitelmn.c 3 10 3 1
Hall.p... 2 0'2 0 O Ibcrg.p.. 3 10 0 6
Newton.p 10000 ,_
V/helcr.p 1 Or 1 0 0 Totals SO 6 8 27 15
Totals 36 4 11 24 11 |
. RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. -
Portland ..0 0 0 0 0 4 20 x 6
Base hits 10 O.I 1 4 0 1 -x 8
Lea Angeles 0 I 00 1 0 00 2 4
Hase hits...;.'. 0 12 0 3 1 0 0 4—11
SUMMARY.
Errors— McCreedlr, Raymond. "Toman, Flood.
Bfrnard. Sacrifice hits— McCreedle, Cravath.
ICnrn-n runs — Portland .1,'Lfs AnEclea 2. Bases
on balls— Off Hall 1. off Newton 2, off Wheeler
1. .Struck out— By Iberg 1. by . Hall 1. by
Newton 1. by Wheeler 1. Two-base hit—
Beck. Three/base hit— Ross. Double plays—
Tvman to F£>od, to Chase: Toman to Chaae.
l>ert on, bases — Portland 5. Lou AngPles 7. Hit
by pitched ball— By Wheeler 1. First base on
errors— Portland 2. Los Angeles 1. Wild pitch
— Newton. Time of Rani" — Ore hour and thirty
five minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
BROWXIKS AWAKEN* IX SIXTH.
f
Hail's Assortment of Curves Are
Hammered to Advantage.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 23.— The Se
attle men thought they had a ten
¦ inning: game stowed away this after
1 noon until Charlie Irwin cracked out a
"two-bagger and spoiled ?»»- delusion.
San Francisco went after the game
first, but Seattle caught up in the
fourth inning. From that time on un
til the end It was a see-saw contest
with plenty of spice thrown in. Jay
Hughes could not get the ball near the
plate early in the game, and when it
did . come over it was hit out. The
score:
Seattle — gan Francisco —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
\anH.ef 4 113 1 Miller.2b 5 0 14 5
Mohlr,2b 2 2 O 4 2i Hildeb.lf 5 2 0 3 (»
Dejeh.;n> 3 0 0 4 4 Waldn.cf 4 0 0 0 0
Frisk.lf . 4 13 2 (I Meany.rf 4 2 O 3 0
bmith.rt S OOIO Irwln.rjb .121 3 1
Brash.lb\4 O 1 9 2 Ariasn.ss 5 0 2 3 2
Hall.ss.. r. ] 0 2 2Townd.lb3 1 2 12 1
\Vilson,c 4 0 2 2 4lG#ton.c. 3 0 12 2
Hugfces.p 5 . 0 2 3 C Whalen.p 4 0 10 3
Totals 36 5 0 SO 21 Totals 36 1 ~S 30 14
Kir.NSAND HITS BV INNINGS.
Sc*"!" W O 2 1 2 0 0 0 0 0—5
Ba«3 hit?... ..O 2 11-1 2 1 00 1—9
fcan Franrlsco.,3 0 0 » ft^2 0 00 2—7
Base hits 2 1 0 00 150 0. 1 2—8
SUMMARY.
Errors— Delehanty (3). Hall (3). Anderson.
Townsend. Earned rune— fan Francisco 1.
Two-base hiU— Friek, Irwin. Three-base hit-
Frisk. Sacrifice hits— Mohler, Gorton Stolen
bates— Brashear. Hall. Irwin. Double plays
Hall to Mohler. to Brashf-ar: DHehanty to
Urashear; Mll!*r to Towtuend. Bas>s on balls —
Off Hughes 4, off WhaUn «. Struck out— By
Hughes 1. Left on bases— Seattle 11. San Fran
clbco a. Time- of name — Two hours and two
minutes. Cmphc — Tom Browne.
tlie TcntJi Kouud.
Captain Charlie Breaks Up Game in
IRWIX'S TIMELY TWO-BAGGEIt.
l<'Jshe.r's : crew had thoir batting
clothes on and they bumped Cooper for
a total of twenty-eight* basts. Lynch'a
home run and Kagan's triple coming
with men on bases. Overall's support
was flit edge. Nordyke's fumble being
the only error. Fisher will pit McDon
ald against Mcskiman to-morrow.
Score:
Tacoma— Oakland—
AB.R. H. P.A I AUR U PK
Fhehn. Jb 4 2 1 i 0 Frncks, s 4 0 1 0 3
Nrdyk.lb 4 2 l 12 o Kiugr. Ify l o i o
Kagfcn, s.5 12 0 2 5chlfJy,2b 4 1 •• 2 1
Lynch. Cf4.2 2 1 o Dnivy, cf 4 0 2 O 1*
MLgn, If4 1 2 2 OU^rx, 3b 4 0 2 3 2
(^rahm, c4 0 2 7 1 Streib. lb 4 0 1 it 0
Jveralt,.p 5 0 o o i Lohrnn", c3 0 0 3 0
; Totals. 39 10.16 27 9 'Byrne .. 1 0 0. 0 0
*n,,, , t ' Totals. 36 2 10 24 16
•Batted for Lohman In the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ti £ Om *.. ••••••••0 0 3 1 1 3 0 2 x— 10
Base hits 0 1 5 •> i 3 1 u v_i«
Oa I k " il "<l 0 0 2 0 0 O 0 0 0—2
Base hits...... 11210 2 11 1—10
• SUMMARY.
Errors— Nordyke. Ganley. Francks, Dunleavy
Cooper. Struck out— By Overall. 7; by Cooper!
3. Bases on balls— Off Overall, 1; oft Cooper.
r. Hit » y P'iJher— McLaughlin. Wild pitches
—Overall, 1; Cooper. 1. Two-base hits— Casey,
fcheehun, McLtughlin (2), Doyle. Eagan Ura
ham. Home run— Lynch. Sacrifice hits-^-Shee
han, Francks. First base on errors — Tacoma I
?' ° aI i lun(1 *• Le't on bases— Tacoma 11. Oak
land 9. Time of game— Two hours and fifty
minute*. Umpires— McDonald and McCarthy
Special' Di snatch to The Call
TACOMA. June 23.— Big Overall al
most shut out the heavy'sluggers from
Oakland to-day and the Tigers took
thelF third straight game with ease.
While the Berkeley boy was hit for ten
blngles, he kept them scattered. A
lucky threes-bagger by Schlalley, sus
piciously close to the right foul line,
and a single by Dunleavy saved the.
Commuters from being whitewashed.
Dunleavy injured his linger in attempt
ing id catch a fly and retired in the
eighth;
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. i .. , - W. L. Pet.
Tacoma 49 ;(5 .58,1 Seattle ......44 :ts .iZH
l»s Angeles. 4B 38 .54SIS. Francisco. 3« 4U .4^1)
Oakland 45 3S .542|Pcrtland 27 02 .342
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Tigers Have Their Eyes on
the Ball and Hit Cooper
When They Need Tallies
Third race, six furlongs — Dusky 81. yred
Leppert 93. Proceeds 96 Ananias 96.. Floral
King 96. Clifton Forge 96. Japan 96. Syl\la
Talbot 102. Birch Broom 102. Mayor John
son 103. Sad Sam 103. Burlelgb 103 Skilful
107 'Grtgor K 1C9, Bad News 114.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles. sell-
Ing — Jackfull 97, Louisville 97. Dr. Leland
10O. Handley Cross 1C2. Bummer II 102. Tom
Hall 10C. Baronet 104 Ca«a\-a 104. Frank M
104. Harrison 105, Havlland 106. Rossmond
1C5, Tancred 105. Glassful 106 Major Mir.-.r
lOfl. Lacy Crawford 107.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Schoolmate S6. Outcome 88. Peter J. Somert
99; Fonrasta 9.T. Ahola 09 By Ways 93, Fon
eoluca 105, Horatlus 108.
Sixth race, four and a half furlongs — Sea
sick 108. Cutter 1C8. Miss Jordan 115, Eckstein
115. Moorish Damsel 115 Gallant Citsais 115.
Mum 115.
Weather clear: track fast.
Second race, one mile, selling— General 8tsw
ard 99. Mofitezell 9» Alma Dufour ICO. Golden
Mineral 1C0, Grand 1C2. Sweet Tone 102. Sp«n
cerlan 102. Jerry Lynch 102. Freeslaa 102.
Foresight 102, Ebonjr ICC Emperor of India 104
Cardinal Wolsey 104, Iiarfang 10C. Prince of
Pilscn 107.
CHICAGO, June 23. — Racing will
be resumed to-morrow at Hawthorne
track. The races have all filled well.
The day's entries:
First race. flv,. furlung* — Bryaa lOd. XI Dot-
Are 106, Blue Bird 111. Green Gown jll Ano
na 111. John Smulskl 114. La. Lends 115. AlUa
Avon 115. ¦
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
| CHICAGO, June 23. — Racinff will
be resumed to-morrow at Hawthorns
track and Secretary Kuhl has pre
pared -one of the best cards of th*
season, despite ths short time at hia
disposal.
The programme Is made up of purs<»
races from beginning-' to end. but a
glance at *the entries proves conclu
sively that practically no stables were
shipped away from Chicago after th*
trouble at Washington Park, which
for a time threatened to close racing
hereabouts for the season.
Horsemen around town were still
discussing the fate of Washington
Park to-day. Most of them seemed
to think the big South Side Club will
never again attempt to hold & meet
ing until a racing bill has been passed
and betting legalized.
That an effort will be made to put
a. bill through the Legislature next
winter seems to be the. general opin
ion, as Lawrence A. Young, president
of the Washington Park Club, ex
pressed himself to this end in an in
terview to-day.
Rumors of the possibility of th*
Governor or the Sheriff interfering
with racing at Hawthorne are said to
be ungrounded. The sport around
Chicago is expected to flourish for th»
balance of the season, despite the mis
fortunes of Washington Park.
Special Dispatch to T&» Call.
Sixth race, on« and a sixteenth miles on
turf, three-year-olds and up— Rosetlnt 128,
Carbuncle 110. Mabon 10A. Stlllcho 108. Honi
ton 106. Wild Thyme 106, Ormonde's Right
Fifth race, six furlonss on main track, two
year-olds — Blandy 122, Invader 122. Red Friar
122. Delcanta 122, Amfcerjack 117. Bella Slg
nora 109
Fourth race, one end one-eighth miles. th«
Thistle stakes— Sheriff Bell 105, Wild Thyme
101. Himself 101, Buttons 101. Whorler 101;
Brigand 09, Unmasked OS. Carbuncle 98. Palm
bearer ICO. Dekabar 97. Briar Thorpe 97. Gay
Boy 97, Dainty 91. Bob Murphy 84. (Palm
bearer and Buttons. Thomas entry).
'Second race, one mile, handicap — Careless
118, Ascension 114, April Showers 112. Mabon
110. Funny Side 107. Jack Ratlin 107. Colon
say 107. New York 105. Wild Pirate 105. Ros
{¦Ignol 103. Persistence II 100. Chattah loo.
Third race, five and a half furlongs. Futur
ity course, the Zephyr stakes — Glorlfier 123
Pasadena 112. Red Friar 112, Diamond 112"
Czaraphlne 112. Maid of Timbuetoo 112. No
vena 112. (Diamond and Czaraphlne, Pag»t
entry).
"NEW YORK, June 23. — The-entries
for the racing at Sheepshead Bay to
morrow follow:
First race, six and a half furlongs, maiden
Jockeys, selling — Francesco 109. Rockey 10S.
Bardolph 10S, Pan Lougln 113. Cinclnnatus
107. Orlskany 105, Aurumaster 104, Rob Roy
104. Neither One ins. Turquoise Blue 103.
Knobhampton 110. Gamey 101. Vagary 100,
Rosie Dinham 100, Prlncelet 100. AihTana OS.
Cherlpe U6. Commonetta 96, Letolo 93 Tide
87. Queen Belle 67.
SIIKEPSIIEAD BAY ENTRIES.
Sixth race, six furlongs, veiling — ' Joe Goss
110. P.ehoov 100. Happy Chappy 107. Thl3be
JO*. Catorrillar IN. Hook Se Oka 1C2, Suav«
102. Cloverton 101, Our LJllle 97. Agnes
Brenpan 1)5. Major Carpenter 91.
Weather cloudy. Track good.
Filth race, one mile — Colonel Ballantyne 110.
Dr. Burns 107. Gasllghter 106. Main Spring
ICti. .\uurmn Leaves 105, Lasso 105. Little
Giant 103. Trapsetter 95, Ingolthrift 95, Pre
tension S'J.
Third race, five furlongs, selling — Ptctme
Hat 10-4, Franco 104. Limerick Girl 103, Black
Art 101. Hensaln ICO. Miss Powell 95. Mono
grsm fC>. Mai vlna 95.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — Henry
Burt 121.- Elastic 123. Operator 116. Ice Water
113. Ettrada Palma 112. Charlie Thompson 110,
R»bo 104. Commodore 9S. Juba 93.
First rac*. nin*-s!xteenths of a mile — Bessie
Sterling 105. Miss Deuce 105. Auroceiver 105,
Dotage 105. Loretta M 105. Moonet 105, As
patia 100. Erla Lee ICO.
Secor.rt ro<v*. six furlongs — Tribes 105. Stamp
Town ICo. Duke of Vendome 104. Billy Wood
ward 10.1. Florldor IOC, Santa Ventura 102.
Sol Smith 101, Silver Thistle 101. (Jay Am-ri
can P3. Short Cake 93. Selected S9.
ST. LOUIS, June 23. — The entries
for to-morrow's races .at the Fair
Grounds follow: ,
ST. LOUIS' ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — One mile and twenty yards:
three-year-olds and up:
Betting Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
25 to 1— Caithness. 96 (TV. Blake) 9 4 3 1 h
20 to 1— Wissendlne. 10« (Brdwl) B 13 2 3
15 to 1— Eleven Bells. 96 (Davis) 3 3 h 3 1»4
Time. 1:46 Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. T. Mangel's br. m. (5) by Atheling
Queen t>f Scots. Pourquol Pas 97. Canyon 105.
Murmur 107. Ivernia 102. Mli-anthrepe 91. Lord
Haven 93. Love's Labor 101, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
o\<is: ••
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
17 to 10— F. B<»rgere-". 107 (Wtn) 2 15 13
6 to 8— Mafalda 97 (D. Austin) 1 3 4 2 7
25 to 1— Bonnie May. 102 (Rynr) 5 4 3 3 n
Time, 1:16U. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. S. Gardner's b. f. (3) by Himyar-
Frogmore. Radium 97. Miss Doyl» 97, finished
as named.
Time. l:4S'i. . Start good./ Won easily. Win
ner. L. H. Ezell'g ch. g. iS) by St. Carlo-Jed.
Adan 101, Pettljohn 100. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile and seventy
yards; three-year-olds and up:
Betting, ftorse. Wright, Jockey. St. 9i Fin.
S to 1— Elle. S7 (H Anderson).. 12 2 12
« to 1— Thane. 108 (D. Austin).. 4 13 2 4
$ to 5— Irish Jewel 108 (Crwfrd) 5 3 8 3 6
. Time. :57"». Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. E. A. Chinn & Co.'s blk. c. (2) by Cllf
ford-Ivi Cona. Loyal Street 10C, Arby Van
109. S>lvun B-Ue 11-'. Georgia Carter 100. Joe
Kelly WJ. Ollie Burnett 106, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Four and a half furlongs
two-year-olds:
Pitting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St, % Fin.
1 to 2— Col. Whiter U5 (Austin). 7 11 12
CO to 1— A. Moskoday. 1C9 (Welkt) 6 3 4 2 6
7 to 1 — Oreaner, low (Anderson). . 3 2 2 3 4
SECOND RACE— One mlla and twenty
yards; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Hors-. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
$ to I — I^ady Fonso, 86 (Andersn) 4 4 3 1 ns
10 tc 1— Missile. Ill (Scully) 3 12 2h
1"> to 1— Ovsrhand, SO (Stoval) 10 2 % 3 3
Time, I:47Vi. Start good. Won drlvln-f.
Winner. L,. 11. Ezell's ch. f. <r.) by Mortl
Forso-Lone Princees. Merwan 89. Mildred t»
01. Little Arrow 103 Domlnls 103. Zella Knight
10«. Birdwood 103, Millbrook 87. Charlie
Grainger It;:. Kingstelle 96, finished as named.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horns. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4toJ— L,on<? Wolf 00 (Davis).. & 2 1 llVi
7 to 1— Capt. Neroth.103 (Austin) 4 3 2 2 1
Vi to 5 — Willowdene, 100 (Watson) 2 11 3 1
Time, 1 :04. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. R. N. Vestal's b. g. (2) by Prince Plenty-
Tootle Nichols. Piller SO, Fred Hornbeck lu«,
Swedish LAd 107. finished as named.
by Elle. Five favorites were bowled
over. Colonel White at 1 to 2 being the
only choice to win. Forty-two books
cut in, while six field books were in op
eration. This is seventeen more than
the record for last year.
McChesney will not start in the
"World's Fair handicap. Gold Heels is
also out, having broken down after a
tryout yesterday. Summary:
ST. LOUIS, Jun* 23.— Irish Jewel, a
strong favorite in the feature at the
Fair Grounds, to-day, was beaten off
Epoclal DUpateh to Th« Ca.II.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
FIret llat'<« — Jtob lioy, Cinciiuiutus*
Tui*quolso Blue.
Second Ilace — April Shower, Colon
say, Persistence II.
Third* Ilnce—Gloriiicr, Pagct entry,
JRor Frlaiv
l-'onrtli Race — Whorler, . Bsittons,
Sheriff Bell. s
I-'ifih Race — Blandy, Invader, Red
l^riar.
Sixth Race — Mlncola, Honiton, Wild
Thyme.
SHEEPSHEAD bAY SELECTIONS.
SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; han
diepp: three-year-olda and ud:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jnoltey. St. «1 Fin.
3 to 1— S. Alice, »S (Hild'b'd) 5 2 2 1 l',i
1<J to 5— Montrfssan, 113 (O'N'l) 14 3 2 6
10 to 1— John T. Ill (Walsh).. 2 1 h 3 6
Time, 1:10 1-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. J. T.. McGinnls' or. t. by Flying
Dutchman-Hermitage. Gold Dcme, Norbury.
New York, Grand Opera. Niskayuna. Old Eng
land and Stamping Ground finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; maiden
two- year-olds:
netting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «; Fin.
S to 1 — Winchester. 94 (Colera'n) ."» 4 6 1 V,
20 to 1— L..Buttercup, 98 (Crrana) 6 3 1 2 \
10 to 1— F. Marie. 06 * (Travers) 4 6 h 3 3
Time. 1:14.* Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. C. T. Patterson's b. g. by Hamburg-Tulla
Blackburn. . Torctello, Ralnment. Harpoon.
Dance MuMc, Cashier. Only One. Bpnla?a, Fly-
Ing Redskin. Hildcbrand, Knig'nt of Weston.
Prince Joseph, Maggie Stroup and Ida. Slach
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; the Sheepshead
Bay handicap; three- »ear-olds and up:
Btttlntr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Graziollo, 104 (J.Martin) 5 5 1 14
4 to 1— Salvage, 124 (O'Neil) 2 14 2 1
13 to 1— Ingold. 00 <E. Walsh)... 4 3 3 S n
Time, 1 -.:;« 4-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. Columbian Stables' bay c. by Rapallo-
Oraziosa. Hurst Park. Proper, Salvat«lla.
Lndy Prudence. Stalwart. Cloten Roehamp
ton. Pentaur, Dick Bernard and Orthodox fln
lehed as named.
THIRD RACE— About tr-o and 'a half miles:
the Ro?kaf.-ay steeplechase for hunters four
year* old and up:
Kettlntf. Horse. Weislit. .Tockey. St. »; Fin.
" to 1 — White Crest, 146 <'Helder).10 6 1 13
30 to 1— Bonfire. KJ2 (G.B. Wilson) 6 11 2 12
7 to 5 — Tom Copan. 115 (Greene). 1 6 1 3 3Vi
Time, 5:14 2-5. Start good. Won easily,
winner, Mr. Storey 1 !* b. b. by Atheling-Whlte
Squall. Oh tnasallon. Agio. TwUlght. Pure
Pepper. Waco. l.Hanthus and Princess Chic
finished as named. .
SECOND RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three- year-olds and up; selling:
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin.
• r. to 1— nVvellle. 102 (J. Martin). 1 4 6 1 2'i
n to 2— Hobaii'o. 1C5 (O'Xell) 7 5 '4 2 h'
JO to 1— Agnes V. li:{ (Miles) 2, 2 2 :i 2
Time. 1:55. Start' fair. Won easily. Win
ner/ A. Miller's eh. e. by Go'cVn. Dawn-
Hrtrmony II. Seymour. Naughty Lady. Glister
Allan, Stonewall. Dr. Chapln. "Sir Shep. Conk
liiiff. Latchet, Ora-kll and Alach finished as
named. -
SHEEPSHEAD BAY, June 23.—
Thousands of spectator's enjoyed the
races this afternoon at thegrounds o f
the Coney Island Jockey Club. The
hardest race of the day f rorn i/specu
lative standpoint was the Sheepshead
Bay handicap at ono mile, for which
there were thirteen starters. Hurst
Park was top weight at 1 30 pounds.
Savable, Stalwart and Roehampton
were all jiref?rred to- Hurst .Park,
there beifijj large commissions dn
John Drake's horse, which was ex
pected to run a better race than when
last out. He made practically all the
running, Roehamgton being: head and
head with him for six furlongs. J. G.
Follansbee's chestnut soon after re
tired, leaving Savable in front, where
however, he did not remain long, foe
Graziallo. which had been ridden
with patience and skill by "Jack"
Martin, shot tip on the last quarter.
O'Neil, on Savable, werft to the whip
at the last furlong pole, but could not
stall o(T Grasialfo. which won at 12
to 1. Summaries:
FIRST -RACE— Five and a half furlonjrs;
two-year-cMs; purse:
Betting. Horse. We'ffht. Jcckej- St. • ; *; Fin.
3 to 1— VoUday. 117 (Phillips).'.. .1 1] 12
. to 2— Hot Sliut, 112 (Hicks).... •_• 3 "1 5 1
IS to 5— Piioebu-*. 112 (J. Martin). 1 2 V 3 3 n
Time. l:C0. Start good. Won ridden -^out.
Winner, E. n. Thorna?' b. c. by Faiaday-Alta
Vola. Asterisk.- Jerry. C, Lochlnvar. Bill Bai
ley. T. T. Crusher and Red Reynard finished as
named. . •
Special Dlrjjatch to The Call.
BINGLES ALL SCATTERED
Graziallo Defeats Savable and
Roehampton in Sheeps
head Bay Handicap.
Big College Slabster Has
Pete's Commuters at His
Mercy Throughout Battle
Hawthorne Track Profits by
Washington Park Trouble
and Opens To-Day.
MaChesney Out of World
Fair Handicap-Gold Heels
breaks Down.
OVERALL KEEPS
OAKLAND GOING
LEGISLATURE MAY BE ASKED TO LEGALIZE
BETTING ON THE ILLINOIS RACECOURSES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE . 24, 1004.
AUSTRALIAN SWIMMER MAKES NEW WORLD'S RECORD AT LURLINE BATHS
RECORD-BREAKING ATTENDANCE EXPECTED
WHEN THE FIREMEN AND POLICE LINE UP
10
A33VXBTISEMZKTS.
AS9TrunkforS6
It's one of our special offers
for exposition and vacation
travel. If you need a trunk,
bag or dress suit case, see our
line before you make your
purchase.
A. B. SMITH CO.
I2S Ellis Stresi, Above Powell.
HEALTH and HAPPINESS
B #C» ttt OmCijli. UTtL^t y on us or
Jiu'^LiTtST 5££«S^V remarkable
Jk3& Dr L"»»rr«nCCt7>3kv and vigor of
Sg^Sfe
<&^<~^™»? whfc^ b Ixi
\»S3E*v m ftillrenlanre
«?.<: compleiely develop the orpans. Used with
our soluble medicated urethra! crayons will
<jLickly cure where . all elee falls. losses,
r^'™tJfbftCr URCTHPAt- MCt>CATK3N J * J " a &
Drains, Bemtsai Weakness." Varicocele, Btrict-
Jjre. Premature Decay. ProstatlUs, etc. . We
r.c*j tht best home treatment In the world and
?end it en 10 days* trial and approv«J. • xo
D. fraud Bditme. CSU1 or wrtu for book.
uftAMcartir ««a4ed. Xrs«. Our phyelCUM cur*
*m_ aiaeaacs of xbco Id a acientlfle manner. •
HEALTH ATTTAAKCB CO., « OTut^J ct
AJVEBTTSTTMTiTfTm.
(l \\lol How to Judge Beer %
ifDt' BRILLIANCY^Jfl
El \o|t £g£g£a V//^ O*Tty «n4 polish, prov-
M \M 0 ||S3£i \^/* k* +***"* ortsynns «nd £5&sH
0 ~~^ ffflmtm\, "& brilliancy is always fotmd in beer If (*(/
&HI fell '81 SI *£*[" thC brewia * and masking has been \R
y*^P m EfeiiijI. ¦^^^P ro P5 rl y condncted, and the fennen- |j
B»^f| ML = £02'* i mi* tation of the brew completed under I I
urns^ HP^ 5 * careful and scientific regulation of VI
1 Ix2| "l££§SrfSreif Ils> teia P«™tare. No other beer made X
U //k <5§rHilL \\ Bohemian in this quality of brill- J j
X / / If Ilii'Ha^lP 5 1\ iaftC > r * Xt is & ained b 7 thennrccit- I
fl //L 'HBCjBHCr i\\ ting watchfulness bestowed upon each -- II
I / /®JBfc..mM!i*,.«i,«WhV\ * brewin K» * nd . without the use of I
I / / /; mfflrWTMu chemical preservatives, thus giving J
I / /////j.l.|-rl »™\Y the consumer a pure, I
j "The oaly keer bottle* exclusively at the Brewery- /reg^^^fe^^^l
I THE AMERICAN BREWING CO. fWMfw*MM
I !ST. LOUIS. U.S. A. T&^i]hf§iJ&!tI
I niLBKRT MERCANTTLE CO. . wfollf L^^Ji
•J r'i.: ¦ ¦ Wholesale Dealers. y^^^S^9fS^iReliable gas ranges $16 50. regular
pric« J20, this week only at & F. Oaa
& Electric Co, <la Vast at, . •
The Supervisors' Fire Committee
yesterday directed the Health Board
to investigate the complaint of prop
erty-owners that a Chinese washhouse
on Seventh avenue will be a nuisance.
If a nuisance is maintained it will be
abated at once. The Chief of Police
was directed to ascertain if. a laundry
at 1936 Fillmore street Is operating a
boiler without a permit and if so to
see that the ordinance on the subject
is complied with.
Laundries 'Under Fire.
The Board of Works yesterday
awarded contracts for the doing of
street work as follows: Barber Asphalt
Company, to pave with asphalt Steven
son street, between Annie and Third,
for $1717 10; to pave with asphalt
Jessie street, between New : Mont
gomery and Second, for $1394 17; J.
J. Dowling, to pave with basalt blocks
Vallejo street, between Battery and
Front, for $4080 75; Flinn & Treacy,
to bituminize Hayes street, from Lar
kin to Van Ness avenue, for $4875 05.
Award Contracts for Street Work.
Deputy Health Officer Levy appear
ed before the Supervisors' Finance
Committee yesterday and asked that
the sum of $2275 96 be allowed to pay
the men who have been employed to
clean Chinatown. The committee
stated that the urgent necessity fund
was depleted and thought the men
should be paid out of the surplus of
come $2000 in the funds of the Health
Department. Levy informed the com
mittee that the board desired to pur
chase a portable sterilizer with the
surplus. The committee thought the
sterilizer could be purchased out of
the $10,000 appropriated in the next
budget for sanitary work in China
town.
Supervisors Say There Are N'p Fund-*
and Want Health Board* to
Use Surplus.
MAY NOT PAY SANITARY
CORPS IS CIIIXATOWN*
Tax Collector Smith yesterday for
mally conducted the sale of certain
real property to the State for non
payment of taxes thereon. Under the
law the property is sold to the State
five year* after the first delinquency.
Smith did not sell the ferry system
of the Southern Pacific Company on
account of an injunction being served
on him pending settlement of a suit
to determine the validity of the fran
chise assessment.
Sells Property to State.
The men composing the street sweep
ing force will be taken over by the
Board of Works and continued in their
employment. The work will be largely
experimental during the month of July,
but commencing with the first of
August the board expects to have it
well in hand.
Only . those of the street sweeping
force who are found competent to do
the work will be retained and those
who are dispensed with will be suc
ceeded by efficient sweepers. Schmitz
says that the work is impossible un
der civil service requirements and" no
steps will be taken In that connection
until the board is sure of its position
in the matter «f the city doing its own
street cleaning. .
Schmitz says that the body Is handi
capped with the smallness of the ap
propriation made by the Supervisors.
The board asked for an amount in ex
cess of 1300,000. part of which was for
the conEtnicion of a municipal street
cleaning plant. The Supervisors saw
fit to allow but $215,000 and the board
does not desire to be hampered with
civil service regulations in the work.
Schmitz says that If civil service men
are employed and any of them are
found unable to 'do the work, \ either
on account of age or physical debility,
Jt will necessitate the bringing of
charges Involving much red tape, which
will further hamper the board.
The Board of Public Works yester
day completed arrangements to do the
street sweeping during the next fiscal
year, beginning July 1. President Her
bert Schmitz of the board was dele
gated to arrange with the contractors
who are now doing the work for the
renting of their entire street sweeping
apparatus.
Will Rent Apparatus From Contract
ors for Cleaning of the City's
Streets.
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS
TO BEGIN" SWEEPING
Land of the Midnight Sun. Glaciers
and a thousand islands en route. Inside
passage. Seasickness unknown. Th*
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
l«?ave Seattle 3 a. m. July 5, 19. Aug. 2,
16. For information apply to Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.'e Ticket Offices. 4
New Monteornery st. ( Palace Hotel) and
10 Market Bt. C. D. Dunann, Gen. Pas
senger Agent. San Francisco. •
Alaska Excursions Season 1901.
On Wednesday we took cut a mining claim
covering this prop*rty. which we own. One
cf the assays on the property, as Is shown by
certificate. Is $12 17 per ten, made by Thomas
Price & Son: another assay $4 <JS per ton; an
other J4 SO per ton: another $4 67; .one other
$5 70 per ton and one a.-«ay made by Welsa
beln Bros. & Co.. $4 95 per ton.
These assays are from various parts-"0f the
quarry, but that la the shaft runs about $10
per ton. I do not see why there should not
be sold in San Francisco as well as In Alaska.
We Intended working it ns a quarry until
such time as the method should be discovered
fcr extracting gold as cheaply as possible.
Since we commenced operating the quarry,
within the last two month! 1 , we have sunk a
shaft on the property to prospect and see if any
other veira of ere were present.
In doing this in a depth of about twenty
feet we discovered a ledge of free milling gold
quartz, which we know i« about six feet
thick and will average about $10 per ton. Any
speclroen from ihi-s shaft yklds free gold in
a born nmon. ,
Some morr.inp im-rt Insinuate that this
is not a bena fide proportion, but we hold
certificates proving that we are sincere In uur
Cling of tie claim.
We have owned the property these last nine
years and at the time Wf bought it we knew
that there was gold bearing rock there. How
ever, we never attempted to begin mining
operation*, far at that time there was not the
advancement made in the cyanide process for
extracting gold and silver that there is to
day.
George F. (Jray of Gray Bros, not
only maintains that the find of gold
on Castro street, between Thirtieth,
Thirty-first and Diamond streets, is a
fact, but is surprised that in certain
quarters the information should have
been doubted.
Speaking of the discovery to a Call
representative yesterday. Gray said:
Hold Certificates of Assay
of Precious Metal Found
Beneath City's , Streets
GRAYS STAND
FIRM ON GOLD
The Supervisors' License Committee
yesterday resumed its inquiry into the
advisability of passing an amended or
dinance fixed the rate to be charged
for automobiles at $2 60 per hour in
stead of J5, the present rate. Several
automobile owners reiterated their ob
jections to the proposed rate, claiming
that it is too low in view of the high
operating expenses of the machines.
The committee postponed action for
the purpose of investigating: the books
of concerns that rent automobiles. It
is desired to ascertain the com of
operating the machines. In the mean
time the companies will prepare state
ments as to the number of machines
in operation, then original cost and
present value, the earning capacity of
each machine per month, the cost of
repairs and the operating expenses as
a basis upon which to fix a rate.
The committee reported in favor of
fixing the license on riding academies
at $2 per quarter when the business
done amounts to $500 per month and
$4 per quarter when the business ex
ceeds $500 per month. The existing
licenses are $10 and $20 per quarter.
Supervisors Inquire . Into Operating
: Kxpcnses and R«doce JLJcense on
Riding Academics.
CONSIDER REDUCTION
OF AUTOMOBILE RATES
. Declares Board of Works Did Xot Ap
point Alleged Embezzler White
ad Cashier.
Marsden Manson saddles upon the
j Civil Service Commission the respon
j sibility for the loss to the city of
! J8316 through the alleged embex
{ zlement of W. J. . H. White, who was
1 cashier of the Board of Public Works.
j The city brought suit against White
and liis r sureties,' Manson and the
; Board of Public Works for the
' amount said to have been taken by
I White.
Yesterday Manson filed a demurrer
j to the complaint, saying first that it
i did not appear that the money alleged
j to have been misappropriated be
longed to the city and also that the
j complaint was uncertain in that it did
i not show from whom White collected
the money nor for what pr?tended
purpose he collected it.
Then the demurrer asserts that
White was not selected or appointed to
! the position of cashier by Manson or
the Board of Public Works and that
the board had no authority to appoint
him under the charter, but he was ap
pointed "wholly by the Civil Service
Commission."
On that ground Manson contends
that the persons named in the city's
I suit are not re»ponsible for White's
defalcat'on.
MANSOX PLACES BLAME ON
CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION'
When Governor Carter was in busi
ness here Creedon was his private
stenographer. He also acted in the
eame capacity for the Republican Ter
ritorial Committee in 1S92. Carter loan-
Ing him for the campaign. Creedon was
installed as the Governor's private sec
retary, a Federal position. In Novem
ber. 1S03. He expects to be back in
Honolulu early in August.
Creedon was born twehty-nine years
I ago at Clinton. Oneida County. New
j York Statp, where Secretary Root also
| first saw the light of day. His parents,
: who are now living at San Mateo, Cal.,
! were born in Ireland.
HONOLULU, June 10.— Frank D.
Creedon, private secretary to Governor
Carter, will leave here on the Alameda
June 15 for San Francisco and the East.
He has the distinction of being the first
delegate ever sent from Hawaii to a
; national convention of the Ancient Or
i der of Hibernians, for be will represent
the local division of the society at St.
J Louis on July 19.
You can see right through lots of peo
pl£ who don't live in glass .houses.
Governor's Secretary Chosen
Delegate to Irish
Convention.
FRANK D. CREEDON. DF.LEGATE
TO CON'VFNTIOV (ir HIBERNI
ANS FROM HONOLULU.
The joint Supervisors" Committee; on
Finance and Artificial Lights yesterday,
reportedin favor of allowing the whole
amount of $320,000 appropriated in- the
next municipal budget to the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electrical Company for
lighting the streets and- public build
ings during the .next fiscal year. \ ' '*
The committee imposed conditions re
quiring the streets to be lighted all
night every night In the year, and that
the company install one hundred extra
arc lights and two hundred additional
gas lamps. Light .Inspector Tupper
submitted a "list showing applications
that have been made for lights in dis
tricts throughout the city, and the
Light Committee will select from'thls
list the locations of the new lights.
A. H. Payson. vice president of the
company, agreed on behalf of the cor-,
poration to light the dome of the City
Hall for twelve nights throughout- the
year, to be designated by the Super
visors. The lighting of public build-
Ings, Including the libraries but exclud
ing the schools, the lighting of which
is paid out of the school fund. Is made
part of the agreement, together, with
the furnishing of motive power for the
City Hall.
The comaany had previously offered
to install fifty new electric arc lights
and one hundred additional Welsbach
gas lamps.
The Light Committee began an in
quiry into the complaint of Lyon &
Hcag against alleged excessive charges
made by the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company for installing electric
light service in a residence on Duboce
avenue. S. L. Xaphtaly, superintendent
of the company^ said he would Investi
gate the complaint and if the charge i3
too high it will be reduced.
The committee granted the petition
of the French colony that the City Hall
dome be lighted on the night of July
14 in commemoration of the fall of the
Bastile.
I Ttilf is a matter, that should not be ap
i preached is a partisan or personal spirit, but
I upon the bread plane of the interest cf the
general public. It would be a matter cf re
gret in the future If the city should now be
nijreard'.y in Its appropriation for costs and
the result of the litigation should be onfavor
i able.
Long s-ays tlje .reporters' fees for tak
ing the testimony alone will amount to
at least $6000 and that it will be Im
possible to make any showing against
the Spring Valley company unless he
can continue the employment of ex
pert engineers and accountants. He
save the services of Messrs.. Dock
weiler and Fiugeraid in behalf of the
city have been valuable, although
they have met with difficulties because
no one appears to know anything defln
ite ab>_>ut the company's properties.
Even these experts have found it im
possible to get accurate drawings of
many of the company's works. Long's
letter concludes:
I wcuH respectfully urg« upon your honor
able bc<!y the rreat Importance of this litiga
tion to the city of San Francisco. The bill cf
ccir.plaint filed by th« wmter corar*ay. both
this year ar.d Itat'lMA not only »eek» to en-
Join carrying cut the rates a* fixed by the
beard, but aims & blow at the constitutloail
provisicn itself.
More than that, tfce company aeekc In this
Iitiratica to have the value of Its properties
fixed at an Immense mm. The bill itself al
leges that the values cf its work? ia far In ex
ct** of $40,000,000, while Mr. Scfcuesler In his
affidavit vutt their value at $S3,000,000. Tour
henorabie tody fixed the rates upon the ba»4s
<f J24.OOP.0OO. It take* but Ultle considera
tion therefore to show that tf the value in
sisted upon by the company should be accepted
fcy the court, the rates would be fully twice
I what they tre now.
City Attorney Long sent a communi
cation to the Board of Supervisors
yesterday in which he asks that the
Mayor's v*to of $15,000 of the appro
priation of $25,000 for paying the city's
costs in the two actions brought by
the' Spring Valley Water Company be
not sustained. Long cays that $10,000
will be entirely inadequate to a proper
presentation of the city's side of the
case and that he cannot believe that
the Mayor was fully Advised on the
subject. If he had been fully cognizant
of the facts and the Importance of the
ease the Mayor would have sanctioned
the expenditure, *ays the attorney.
The injunction granted by Judee Gil
bert is similar to that granted in the
case of the Southern Pacific Company
by the SuDerior Court.
In accordance with the prayer of
the Southern and Central Pacific
Railroad companies, Superior Jud?e
Slosa yesterday morning Issued a tem
porary Injunction agaln3t Tax Collec
tor E. J. Smith, restraining him from
selling certain lands belonging to the
railroads for delinquent taxes. The
Tax Collector Is cited to appear in
court next Tuesday to show cause why
the injunction should not be made
permanent. The railroads alleged that
the amounts charged against the lands
were Hens for assessments against' the
ferry franchises, upon which taxes
have been paid to the State.
The restraining order issued by the
court prohibits Tax Collector' Edward
J. Smith from making the usual en
tries in the tax books as "taxes de
linquent." It is custcmary to place
such entries on the delinquent roll and,
if the taxes are not pa;d within the
time limit, to mark opposite each ea
try "(sold to the State." The order of
the court prohibits that practice being
carried out in this Instance until after
the suit for a permanent injunction
h_s beer heard.
The company alleges that the amount
claimed bv ' the Tax Collector as de
linquent for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1904, Is $30,479 03 and the order
of the court prohibits any collection
of that amount by the city and county
officials while the hearing is pending.
Tax Collector Smith is ordered to ap
pear in the Unied States court July 11
and show cause why the injunction
prayed for should not be made per
manent.
Wells. Fargo & Co. oDJect to paying
taxes on the assessment levied on their
franchise by the Assessor of the city
and county of San Francisco on the
ground that it is unjusi. The same
plea has be*n made for several years
and in a number of instances has been
taken into court. This year the matter
has been brought before the Unjted
States Circuit Court in an application
for a restraining order which was
granted yesterday by Judge Gilbert.
The complaint sets forth that the
company's property has been assessed
for $5S0,5S0 and an additional assess
ment vl $450,000 for the "franchise."
The right of the city's Assessor' to
place any valuation on the franchise
is denied and the amount named for
the other property is claimed to be ex
cessive.
Agreement Requires, the-' In
stallation of Three Hun
dred Additional Lamps
Company Objects to Paying
Thirty Thousand Dollars
on Claim Alleged Unjust
Water Rates of Spring Val
ley Company Depend Upon
Having 1 Expert Testimony
FULL AMOUNT NEEDED
INVOLVES ASSESSMENTS
X0 MORE DARK NIGHTS
San Francisco Company Is
Allowed Full Amount of
Appropriation in Budget
Asks Supervisors to Over
ride Mayors Reduction
of Funds for Litigation
Wells, Fargo Co. Not to Have
Delinquent Laid Against
Its Name in His Books
TAX COLLECTOR
IS RESTRAINED
GETS CONTRACT
FOR LIGHTING
CITY ATTORNEY
FILES PROTEST
CREEDON CHOICE
OF HIBERNIANS
OF HONOLULU
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1904.
11
i ¦
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST.
Over 24 Post St.. San Francisco. CaL
Estab- 40 years. Open entire year.day & night.
Write for circulars (free).
VONMEYESINCK HO %^^ U ? T T C
SAN FRANXISCO. Established 1«93!
Pre-eminently the larrest and b**J
equipped school on the Pacific Coast— oCer-
In* all the advantages of Eastern aitf
European conservatories fcr a thorough j
-musical education. Prospectus upon ap- '
plication. Viiltors to the World's Fair. St. j
Louie, are tnvlted to examine the exhibit I
of the school. Educational Buildtnr Call-
" fornta School Exhibit.
New Quarters — More Space
j FISHES MiOTOS.
¦ Jait moved Into our new rooms; new fire-
proof fcuiHln*. 3 elevators, electric Ilrhts.
steam heat. Do ronr« for students thir. tver
before. TMs Is the collect that secure* ta !
many positions. |
San Francisco Business College, {
. 733 Mission St.. Near Third. '¦
WP^TPRU Thoroaith business course. Enr-
| 111.011.011 Ii*b. bookkeeping, shcrthand. ar- |
| oil'llirCC lth - • I » el >ra. etc.. Civil Service. '.
CU-ll(-00 Individual Instructlcn. Positions '
for Kraduates. 6 mo. (day) $43-
COLL" fiE 6 mo - °' day) - iv> - Ev «- School.'
" uuk '*•'"' « mo.. t24. 1107 Market, cor. 7th.
lanziiialallS
PALO ALTO, CAL. ffwl
¦ *VtirOrr\IO^ 4S0 students tells
JI^MSI tVg.K^. success ; ne w build-
WeiW V« I r^'^C"* lnic. new iiieas,
fOIIC ftC) wholesome collesa
V»^ — * Ufe; Catalosu*.
925 Oolden Gate ave.. 8. F.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boardlnr and day school for younsr ladles and
little girls. 2126 California street. Will reopen
August 1. 19O4. Accredited to the universities.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M. Principal.
nPTCXAJTS EABN $10 A DAT.
jgjMGmiz-. Individual lnstructlor.s: alco
/(apySaJfc; mail course. Call or write for
QfrjCS^t^St profp»ctu;t. CLISE OPTICAL I
Vs&J&Effip*? INSTITUTE. 10W Market St..
"^raff"^ S. F. Eyes examined free.
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
* Junior school separate. Fall term begins Aug.
17. ARTHUR CROSBY. P.P.. Head Master.
BmnOTvmpjasp^BjB Is the most praotl-
EjMlpRl^» l OTiWn? ca * ; recommended
BKaHiL-amMi|^jgii*a by expert court re-
pwWWWKffiYfT* porters. Send for
fi i 11 Ml IwntBl I i'Ii 1 Catalogue. 13*2
M»B»siiMBMii. u Ma rket St. & F.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
; ; IRV1NGTON, CALIFORNIA.
Holds i>r«r-en.!ne:itly the confluence of Its pa,
trons and the loyal tr of its pupils.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
U n I TT ' 0 bes^ A "- $'• ! «^« r r «5
Ml A • t ™ n « er f*cnlty th»a evtr;
IIUII I V perfect sanitaUon; tUus-
trated - catalceue. W. J
MEREDITH. Vice Prtnclpai. Mento Par*. Cal.
Hitchcock Military Academy
. - SAN RAJ* ACL. CAL. " j
L* ;¦¦'•« WILL REOPEN on AugTist 19.
' . • . Applr to the Principal: .
COU.EOE OF S0TK£ DAME. !
• SAN- JOSE. CAL. Exclusively for boardln* ,
students. Fifty-third year. Courses: Classical.
Literary, Sctentlflc. Conservatory. College
preparatory accredited; Intermediate and Prl-
mary Classes.- Studies resumed Tuesday. Aua-- i
ust 2. 1804.. .'...:.¦*.- :
PAX.O AXTO ACADEMY, one mile from ' '
Stanford University— Boys and your.* men ' c
prepared for Htamord. . Berkeley or Eastern [
colleges. Exceptional ' Advantages In Modern ! i
Languages and Higher Mathematics. - Fall term {
begin* August 22- For catalogue addrcxs {
ilAYNAIiD zlllVLEX, Palo Alto. C*X
Eastern
Excursions
DATES— June 28.
July 1, 2, 7, 8, 13. 1 4
Acsnst 8, 9, 10. iS. iq.
September 5. 6, 7. S.
October 3. "4. 5. 6.
LIMITS^ — Good going on day
of sale, with stopover east
of California; transit limit
10 days. Good 90 days for
return; stopover anywhere.
SEE GRAND CANYON
ROUTES — Santa Fe and con-
nections Roing. Different
ro-te returning if desired.
RATES—
St. Louis and return $67.50
Chicago - .*" $7250
N"«*\v York " $108.50
Fo«ton " $10950
Pb:!adelphia "_ $107.50
Atd cth«T Eastern Petuta.
Ttese r*«.e» for <*:r*ct lla»«.
TRAINS — Tickets are good
on all Santa Fe trains.
inducing the California
Limited semi-weekly.
ASK US.
SA3TTA. TE OTTZCE — 641 Market St.
0AKI.A3n>— 1113 Broadwj»y.
BEXXEX.EY — Sasta re Dcuct.
SANTA FE IS THE WAY.
Pleurisy
Pneumonia
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of lialpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
23 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m. .
Psinle&s f minis 25c §1
Painless Crowns g3 50 m
Fa 1 Set of Teeth $4 00 ||
4< VANVRO3iVl" I
Sixth and Market M
visit DR. JORDAN'S oncaT^
f HBSEHH OF BNSTOHY^
0 3) -"•^*^i:r.t«;.j:i*?i,t.rcL,. A
. tZf Tkc Lsrnat Aaanauosi Msmusi n t*« T
Q m « y W«».< HtiliK'O cr My cm:t: •»<; A
O /gpl Spesm.tKiu ttaCom ti: 'uk »-«- 5 Q
4 CSCS C? ' J"=* N -D"SE*SES CF KEH A
6 I J&tl ™ Tr«.-»er-. i«nen. r or b. r-ter a C
' I 7q| '•«w <*»• m «r«rj on ur ««n« r t c . \
/*, T J 1 i> *r>r'erE»k.rait«ll»f»».f A
i 11 * ¦ Aa>MIA6C . MA.oxs nti. uf
0 DB.J0ID1X *co.isi; KartotetlfJL r. P
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Jt A GREAT KiiaiUitATIVE. IN ViCOitA-
tcr «^fi KcrrtMu
The mo«t ucaierfal arisroCslic <Sd Special
T'.r :- tor tbc 6«xus.l Orsjaas. :cr b-.th s«xea.
Tbs Mexlcaa RetoMr (or Dts«ase« «f '_h*
Kir-; 5 and i^.s- :«r. 6<lls t. Its csra s.«.u.
SABER, ALIS 4l BP.LXE. Ajr«r.t».
tZi Market st.. £. T. — (Serd for Circular*.)
t FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
R WEAK WO MEM.
•DT5TTCU17C 1 ron bahbers. ba-
bKUbHbb E£zg£2£&2Z
brem-ers. beckt:sdcrs, ca.=dy makers, etnwn.
Cyers, fis-r alllt. fosadrles. laundries, paper-
tacren. rrlster*. palriters. shoe factorlea.
»-iL.»rr.cr.. fnniaftii. tar.ncrs. tailors, ttc
BT7CHAHAS BBOS,
Bruh XCJLSda«tsxcxs. "09 Sacrmsieato St.
*4&^St&,n MENANDWOMER.
»gSJrXCSr^^ Cm Blf G for so aatcrmi
JW* 1 1* * «»n.X3 d:scL»rgM.icC»iutaaUos«.
/. Jsf 6ivutu4 \J lrr:i»:i = ci cr e!c«r»ti«Bi
ffvj ¦•« •• «ri«tsr*. cf diccii Dtabruu.
1*' l '7*"*, (i "*' ; ** PaiaUss, ».»d cet a*tri&-
y»"»l* v ttU»t^t»£lLC3. g itt or tcitosoB*
WA C-.S2lUTl,l EBB S«ltf ky DrccxisU.
Uft-A. jHrw astt ia ptaia wratpat.
tor «zbt*«s. prcpafi. tat
»'•» erlbcttleit2.7».
y g "iffifflr Mfcy •¦ .CJrcsla* atct «a rasstt
\AI. T. HESS.
jTctzry PubUc &ad Attoraej-at-ZAv.
TeotB Tt.acr. Hoes: I'.'.l. CUa* Sprcckcls bids;
"..--;..:«- Ui:r. :.*\3
Resider.ce. i%02 McAMutcr ft
Z.tt.i-z.~* TeUphcD* Pact UAU
£T 6 PAT E NTS!!
A ft V\ B fp^ OutSts. Gur.s, Aomiut.
¦ ¦ il tl M § I tisa - ?"¦-*¦¦'* «sd Outlaw
H C] ItlfiBV 'Jooia. Teat* ass Guct n
1 E&JlitE Rent. OATALtXi FREK.
%J n 1 V I I ! HRHT.-E & CAREER CO.
¦r ¦ SM Kcaray st- 8. Y. :
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
TXESB. AJTO S ALT MEATS.
r»C* RnVFS * Cl\ 0 * Batcaera, loa
OZZA.
LCBRICATnv-Q OILS; LEONARD * EI.TJS.
«1S Front »t^ 6. T. Pboo* Maia Kit.
FEXS'TIITG.
E. C fitOBES, ,„ eESgnS: a i.
.¦¦,-.. , ¦ ADvJtitTTSHirt kjij'a'S.
Ill M kw Mr BM BrzZdvS' X label oa 'th« \ "
ill W MECFSl BsSP^d'U /bottle. It stands \ -
til lfM MXlJ&Zp~7± y% Jr°* /for uniformity \ ,
111^&dr(%$£^ /^^'z\m
lU^^^ta-^l/^S^WIlLWAUKEE s
\\ BLATZ method is generally commented M
' J^on as most remarkable and unique, for jj
the reason that in most every par- ft
ticular it is original from a brewer's [j
point of view. If
i^AVi The very cnoicest oJ ever y com- I
* \V \ T ponent part of the Blatz brews is |
? m a^; the invariable rulc - Onlv the best I
'¦*A :^^' 9 f Mother Earth>s crop is ever con " Ij
''[ *^Ml sidered. The result is a beer of j
| I honest quality with a goodness all I
k "V^^N. *^ s own * §
/I \>--^ Always the Same Good Old "Blatz." |
(4-^-^i^^ BLATZ MALT-VIVINE-^on^ntoxicmt) 1
lL""l2y=^-*^» - a asAiT Toarxc U
ForConralesjcents and Run- Down Systeai*. y
W VAL, BLATZ BREWING CO,, Milwaukee 1
m» SAM BIBO ®> CO., I
S^k^ WHOLESALE SJULIS5, 212 BATTXST STBETT, jB
"" "~T> saa rraaclsco. TaL Main 5859.
H CALIFORNIA H
H LIMITED TO CHICACC |
i LEAVES MOIDATS and THURSDAYS 1
B at O:3O a. m^ through, ia 3 d*T». §1
3 wltli diner and all trwntag* fj
Other Santa T» Tralaa:
7:30 i. nvl fcr Stockten. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
S!w p! m.) M " crf - Hanford and VlsAlla.
4:C0 p. m. fcr Etocktca.
8:C0 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Cabtob aad
- Chicasro. - • ¦ ' ¦
TZCXirr OmCZS — &»1 Market St. and
Perry Depot, S. P. Also 11X3 Broad-
Tray, Oakland, Cal. 37 Soatn rirvt St.,
San Joae. •
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UM FPAKCISCO AND NORTH PACIFU
BAU.WAY COKPA2TT.
Tlboron Perry, Poot of Market Street.
SAX rSAWcZSCO TO SA» BA7A£Zk
WEEK DAYS— 7:3U. S:«r. »:Cv. 1K0O a- m.;
IZiO, 2:30. 3:10. 5:10. 5:50. 6^30 Add 11:30
v. ra. \
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
Sf.VDATf — 7:20. S:0O :r.M. ll:CO a. m. : 1:30.
2:30. 3:40 5:10. «:30. ll:3O p. m.
SAW XAPAXZi TO SA5 PXJUTCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS — «:0S, <i:SO, 7:33. 7:S0. »:2>.
11:15 a. tn.; 12:50. «:00. 3:40. 5:00. i:TX
0:23 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43
5UNDATS— «:». 7:3i. »:». 11:13 a. m.; 1:45.
3:4O. 4:£O. 5:0<X S:CO. «:». 7:3O p. o. 1Ex-
cept Saturdays. .^___^______
! Leave ' In Effect j Arrtre
Sao Tran. 1 May 1. 1904. { San Fran.
Week I Sou- I Destlna- I Sun- J Week
Days, i days. | Uoa. ) days. | Pars-
r7:3Oa 7:43 a! T:15"a
7:30 a 8:00 a, 8:40 al »:40 a
6:00 al 0:30 a Ixaacto. 10:20 a 10:30 «
2:3Op 2:30 p 6:0Op 0:2O p
5:10 p 3:10 p «:29p 7:23 p
7:23 p
8:43 p
7:30a 7:3Oe 7:43aj 7:45a
»:UOa 8:0Ua Norato. 10:29 a|10:20 a
I 2:2O p 8:30 a Petalama. | «:2O p! 8:2t> p
I 6:10 pi 2:30 p and T:23 p) 7:25 p
I (S:10p( Santa. Rpsa. 8:43 p{
i 7:30 at 7:30 a 10:20 a|l0:20 a
I S:COai 8:00a Fulton. 7:23pl<S:20p
2:30 p| 2:30 p S:t5 pj 7:23 p
Windsor. j
I 7:30 a 7:30 a Htaldiburz. 10:20 a 13:10 »
Lytton. I
2:30 p 2:3Op GeyaervUle. .7:23 p) 7:23 p
I Cloverdala. f
T:30at 7:30 a! Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p! 2:30 p| and Uklah. I T:23pj ; : ap
I I WU11U. » 1
7:30 ai 7:30 a! Sherwood. 1 7:23 pi 7-.2S p
8:00 a! 8:00 a; GuercevUle and 110:20 aJlO-20 %
2:30 p| 2:30 p Camp Vacation. | S:43 pi «:2a p
*8:COai 8:00a •:4oV|~8:4Oa
8:10 p! 9:30 a Eoncma. 6:0O pf 6:20 a
\ 5:10 pi Olen Ellen. ( 8:43 p(
7:00 a! T:30a! 110:20 a!10:2O a
2:30 pi 2:30 p) Sebastopal. I 7:23 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Sar.ta Rosa for White
Eutphur Springs and Mark West cprt-«, at
Fulton for Burke'a Sanltartun: at Lytton' for
Lytton Spring; at GeyservUle for Skaicn
Spring's; at Clorerdale for the Geysers Boon*-
vine and Greenwood: at Hopland for' Duncan
£prlna-s. Highland Sprints. KelseyrUlc. Can*.
bad springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saruoxa
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprines. Upper Lake. Pono. Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverslda. Llerley'a, Bucknells!
E*nhedrln Heights. HullvUle. Orr'e Hot
fiprlngs. Halfway House, Comptch*. Caraa
gtevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Braxz
Westport. Usal: at Wllllta . for Fort Bra**'
Westport, Sherwood. Canto. Covelo Layton-
vtlle. Cummins, Bett** Springs, Harria. Olsena,
Djer, GaxbervJUe. Pepperwood, ScotU aad Eu-
rcUa. \ ¦
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*. -
On Sunday* — Round-trip tickets to ail pointa
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. C30 Market street. Chronicle.
bUildtM. \
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X- RTAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
HTOSANRAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY.
BULL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via Saaaalito Tmj.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
De&art from San Francisco, week days, at
C:3t), 7:10. 7:45, 8:30 »:13 lOxv, 11 :i.t> a. m.
(11:40 a- m. Sausallto only), 12:20. 1:43, 3:13.
«:0l». 4:35. 6:15. 8:Ba «:25. 7:15. »:00. 10:20.
11*33 P. m- Sundays and legal holidays, depart
a,t 7:10. 7:43. 8:30, »:13. 10:00. 11:00. 11:4»
a. m. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00, 4:33.
«:157'5:50. «:23, 7:15.8:15. »:0a 10:20. 11:35
P 'A^lve at Saa Frandaco we«k days. 6;17.
7:0^7:35 8:15. 8:43. 9:33. 10:20. U:05 a. m..
12:05. 1:25. 2:50, 3:35. 4:20, 5:05. ft:40. «:13.
6-33. 7:59 10:G5. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays aad
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43.
2o&. 8:5u p- m.
"For Fairfax, week daya, depart at 7:45 a. m.
3-15 p m.. 3:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and le'fjal holidays at 7:45. 8^0. 9:15. 10:00.
llV0Oril:4O a. BL. 12:20. 1:00, 1:45. 2:30. T:15
and 8:» P- "fc^,,,, tracs.
7 ; 45 a. ro. dally — Casadero and way stations.
-9:15 a. m.. Sundays only— For "olnt Reyes,
etc. ¦ ¦ ¦ " ¦
3:15 p. in. dally except Sunday— For Car*,
dero. ate.
' 5:15 p. m.. dally except Saturday aad San-
I day— For Polat Reyta. etc
i 7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
! «:15 p. m.. Puftdayf only — For Cazadere cts.
TICKET OFFICE— «2« Market st.
4XRRT— Union Depot, toct tt M>i»aa C^ (
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
s*5f K«"~>v TawtsM !••?• unit sr* Am»
/>* < <TTr>^"rx to arriv* mt
ff^mJMBAN FRAJsXISCO.
VdFjElFyt// T*om Jmr» l». UOt
\£_»«J^ (Too* mt Market Sirwt >
"m^, - MAIN LINE. -AB»rr»
700a ?•c«tI!1o. W'aiars. Kiawer- 7 60»
7 OCa Bealclv Elmirs ib4 iwnneiu.. 7 23»
740A TO> Kss«. cs!uuv«. Mau
Ross. Xirvaei. Sva K»ma 8 2C»
730* »•]««. Trscy. LaUtrap. 4toeK:oa.... 7 23*.
0-C<J» i»w:» Ci«p<>«i- <v;» i>*t'.i!.
wuttuM (Tar Uartim Sprtaiti.
w;;; o w» tFrxiio. Bad B'.aS.
Portlaxl. Taeoms. *-«t:> 7.I8»
J CtJ* IHt'j. Wo*i:s*d. KniKtsu L*ad'.aj.
JlaryiTllle, C&tco. oroV.Ue 7.M*
I-SOa Port Cott*. Mar^aez. AaU-xx
Brr»», Tracy. #lo«XJon. Kew-
essx Los Baaa*. Me nil at*.
ArmosjK. Haafor4. Vli»ll».
Pjn*rrni« ." 4.23»
t-5C* Port C«u. M *4e»t«. M • r e e U
Fr»t*». Goafcrn Jimettea, Hsa
for*. VlMlla. BakersaaM 4.M*
9Z0A H'.'.tt. Saa Jaae. LJrcrmore. Staek-
toi. r-Wliea). loss. tACT-tmesM.
Xarrrr!i!e. C5!c». Bed Bls.3 .... 429*
• 3Ca 0»*<!»:«. Cs:im», Jajnestova. S«-
n«r». Tioitmn* «a4 Aacsls 4-28*
9-C0a AtlMtiegxprMS— Cede* «*d East. 5 23»
f -30a EU-Srw jaj. Martiaes aa4 Waj
Station* BSO»»
10eC*Tt- OTCiiaad L't !vr-i — Ujiea.
Denver. Onaba. CalcafOL 8 20»
10C0* Viiie> 1Z.£>
1Q.C3* Lv» Ao*el»s Paaseaftr — Port
C«*U, Uart'.sex. Bjtjo. Tracr.
L»;irj?. Stsefcioa. Xereetf.
Rarnoma. Fresao. Goabea J:ae-
?•»=. Huaf-.rd. L«inoor<. VlaalUk
DikcrtaeM. La* Aojt.M 7-30*
17J0w Harvard. S lies aad Way Statloas. 3 20»
11 0C» Sscrameat* lt!Ter Steamerm. f 1 1 S0p
. S-M* Bealciv Winter*, flacraaeatst.
1Ton<!)as4. WBMn Kalrits
Lan.i:as. Maf7tTU]«, OrarUl*
. __ ltd vif MtloM IOjua
l-W^Harwtr*. Slles aad War SUUana.. 7 50 p
SJCPpori CosU. MarUaea. B/roa.
Tracy. LAtar«3. Mol«iU
>I«roe<l, Dere«(Sa. Freano aad
Var SUttrai o«7oa4t Port Coeta> 12-23*
3 30p To«»m'te VaJl«r. »!• BereaJa aad
Tivou 1.50a
S49p Martian. Tracr. 8teektoa.L«4t... 10 20a
*Mp Xartlaes.S*a EaiDoa.Tail«J«»SaB«, -
mmm CaUttecm. Baata Eoas. 3 23a
H2" 1 »tl*«. Tr»er . iuxtum. Lodl 4 20»
•-M^ Harvard. KHaa. lr»'.a jtoa. laa i *a.MA
... Jc»«. UiermarB ) 111.50a
6«>Ta» Ovl LttaUed— Xevcaaa. Laa
Baaot. )!»doii. Kreiao. Talar*.
BakcrsaeitLLoaAanlaa. ...... 8-Ma
"• »»• Harvard. 'Jrnas aal iaa J«— .—. 720a
8 Cflp H»r»ar4. FPea aad San Jo*f. S 59a
I-Wp Zuttn Express— 0y4«a. Deartr.
O3>.»aa. St. Lao!*. CtMeaca aad
East. »!» ManlBcs. Scocksoa.
Su-rameoM. CoJfax. P.eao 1J.SC*
».00» T.U.Jo. aallr.?xc9>f saadar.... » t u ,
7XC»> V»l>e)o. *«n<i»r oalr f 7 *°
7rti» hlchmoad. Ma Paolo. Pert Costa, '
«<«!«Mtii(lw«f SuiIdsi 1123a
7 X0"» &raa Pat*ea«»r— Tort Costa. Sat-
* 133. K:m!ra- Dart*. <*rr»tneaM.
Trock««. Laka Taooe. Rea<\
Tiao,-»«i. Sparks 7 S3*
I 85» 0r»f *a * Cti:for»!a K 1 ?f» •—?»*•
raaeato, M*rra*tUe. tUtfdlac.
ParUiwd. Ps(et 9««aa aad Et.c. 8S3a
|.18» Harvard. >"U»» aad Sao Joaa iiav
daraalr) ¦ 11-50a
COAST LINE U«rr»v uaatt>.
(Toot af Market Street)
7.45a Santa CTqiK»<-sr»!oB(8andafO«.'T) 8-1 1*
¦-ISA St»vk. CenterTi:,> . S»n Joaa.
Feltna, DoalderCreek. B>a;Ba«ta.
3ii:» Crss aaJ War StaUoas... 5 53<»
fS-15* Alr»r»Jo. 5evark. »aa Joae. Los
ttatfa.GTeavood. r*i:os. Boalder ' S"
Creek. Blr IU»la. 8asta. Craz.... I 13»
t2-15* Kevvk. teater»:::«. 6a« S^+%
Kev Alaades.Lct &*.a» Fc ::ca.
B««!d«r Cr*ak. Saata Cru aaJ
Prtaelpal Way Scatloaa 19S5a
j.ISp Xevark. Saa Jose. Lc« Gatga •« 55a
4-1S» Wncac. Boalder Creek aa4 Saata
Cras. gatarday aad Sapdar only. t> 55a
COAST LINE <Uraa4»U M .>.
_ r (Third and fjva»«a4 SttaaM.)
¦ 10a Saa Joae aad War Sutioas. tS"»
•7 00a »»a Jwif ud w«j 5UU.5I i40»
. 7.15a Msaterer aad 8aai* Craz Sxenr-
•toa (Saadar »*ll> 10.30*
IDOa Kev Almadea (Taes^ Frtd.. —17}. 4.10P
• COa Th» Coaster— S»a Jose, faliaaa.
Saa kr>i9, Pasa RoMca. ein:»
»! «rr»r1ta. Saa Ll!» oikjm. «»3 : %
Ctrlirt. Saa Racaa>caiara.
MostalTO. Otaari. Bsrbaak. Loa
Aajtelea 13 43»
I 00a Cl'ror. Hotlfater. Cantrorde. P*I
Moate. Padaa Crs-re. Sarf. Lota-
s' : 10.48*
I. COa In Joaa. Tres P!sea. Capttola,
BaauCrax.PacllcOroTe.9a!taaa.
Saa Lott Obltpa aad Prlaclp*:
Way Sutloas <n»
ISJtA laa Jaa« aa4 War SUUoas 1 1>
11 -30a Saata Clara. t«a Jata. Las Qatoa .
aad War Statlaaa 7 J3»
1^8*>£aa Joaa aad War Stattoas »3i*
TJ 60p D*l Moat« Kxpr»«a— Saata. Clara.
Saa Jo**, Del Moaie. Honurtj.
Pac!nc Grove 12-15»
I40s> Bur :i3niB«. Saa Jaaa. i.Wroj. II j|-
Kater. Tr»s Ptaoa. Paiara. Capl-
tala. Baata Croc c»«:rorr;!e.
Saltaaa. Pac19e Gro»^ 13 45*
4 JOp 'aa Joaa aad War Stattoaa *3 CO*
* 60p SaaU Clara. *«a Jnae. Loe 6atoa.
. -^ Wrlcat aa4 (tiaeipai War »:*-
¦-L- .Uoas(»«eaiK Saadar) tfOtA.
{f 30p ri.aJa««»i(Ji*rla;:;«.w«rSU!:™i 13 43a
S4AP»«ti*rt r.xprti: — R'iweo-1. Saa
Joa*.eurar.8anaaa.PaM ttob'.ea.
Saa Lit* Oau^o. Saata Bursars.
Laa Aacclea. U«a»!ar Bl Paaa,
Sav Ortaaaa. Xev Tark 7 to*
5 45p PiJua. CstfMla. Saau Cm. Caa-
tr«»i:: •.!>•! Momif.Pte'.ieGrsrt. 10 45»
tl-ISP »ai.»nif».n-rcifonl.!>!xoa-_3aa
Carlo*. Uedvood. Pair Oak*
. Meal* Park. Pal* Alto rt *«a
• *• •*»J«seaad WaySt^noa*. « 56a
t-CO«> Pale Altf aa4 War atalloaa ~ 13 HO
HJO aoj:hS«srr«3c^8. Mr;ata*. Ba>-
Kafasae. Saa M«tru7 Cainosl
eaa Carioa. Kedwuod. T\lr OakA,
j:l_i_ M«»»PsrB. sad Pal* Alto $ 45»
1148» KaraeM. Mavaialn Tie*. Sanar-
- »a>. L*«rtac«. Saata Clara aad
Baa Jaaa..... a *i»
¦ A for Moralac P far Aft.raoaa.
laoada* txceptarf. t »aa4ar aa. »
f 8»taH»r 00 lr. - * •Koodaraetr-
iSu>M t; ail iuiioai aa S??i»,f.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
L*»re Ha MiuaHto Ftrry; Arrive
San FtsjcUco tmt»tUtlita. I 8ai> rrandaeo^
w^v 1 I srj| auu- I »ee*
1000 a tSSaSSratf 2:05 r •11:05 a.
10 00a 11:00a 3.35 f 3.35 f
l:45r,12:20p 8: *° r * :l5f
• :i5r, 1:45 r >£Cir 6:15 r 10:04 f
I 4:35 r| 8:50 rf
»TU Crattti far. T Tamtlsaa U lfl Ttlcr.
TicKXT i«26 Makkxt St. (N«th Ubora RAibesjdJ
Oinca iaad SACtAUTOf ekat. Toot Maitct^
WZEXLY CALX, $1.00 PEB T£AB»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 Brand M
it Evaporated m
H Gream 0
|H bears the above cap label. BBb
S3 Contains fully as much jm
Dji food substance per can as rag
I! the vatery imitations in 189
k! larger cans. BM
|M It is smooth and perfect £ffl
H b 6021156 skillfully pre- HJ
JH pared- I* 5 P uri{ y l3 |31l
guaranteed. i^nfHE SAN FRANCISCO CALU -FRIDAY, -.24, 1904.
12
CARPET DEATlXGr AXD CLEAXIXG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air st-shop; prices
moderate.- S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. 308 Market st.; phones Main 132 and
Bush 47D. • .
WHEN you become dlsgusted^wlth your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-337 Teha-na Ft. Tel. South 40,
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st,— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Work*. 1S09 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; Jc. Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works!
333 Golden Gate av>. Telephone East 124. '
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
treiscs made over. 1432 Howard;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning~Co~402 r Sutter"st.-
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet- beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.: tel. Mtaslon 2B3.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ROSCOE.- 17— Cottage of 5 rooms, ?9; Mission-
«t. cars to Crescent ave., on to first- street
to right. • - ¦¦ -
CURES SUPTUKE. -
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder. $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market st.: send for circular.
— . — — . »¦— , — „— m
DEXTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yre.; crown, $3 60; fillings, SOc;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
. warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DB, LUDLUil KILL. 1443 MarkeLnrEleventh
¦ —No charge for . extracting . when - plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 30c: gas given.
DR. KNOX, dentist, now located at the
Grant building. 1085 Market 2d- floor;' all
flrst-claga dentistry at low prices.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market. -cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
. Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
FREE examination with chart at the New
York Dentists. 969 Mission st. BE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 76c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O. B.Hewitt. 2<M Suttr.
DRESSMAKERS ASP 'SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1010 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art's button * buttonhole factory. 110 Jarlac.
I,ODGIXG HOPSK* yggJI^J^^K^!^^
MARION 1 GRIFFIN,
408 Hearst bldg.: over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and. Market sts. Tel. Black 3H07.
Rooming-houses and hotels for gale.
BONA FIDE OPENING to June 18; 200
rooms; some elegant furniture; building
NEW and MODERN; long lease; low rent;
price y:fti,, a^«g Fm
SUMPTUOUSLY . FURNISHED 50-room house:
highly respectable and now clearing $214
monthly; opened in May, 'l»03: 5-year lease;
everything strictly • first class.
• MARION GRIFFIN.
SNAP THIS— 28 rooms for $1000; north of
Market; 2-year lease; low rent;* sunny side;
not gorgeously furnished, >t>ut doing a • good
business. -;.- " MARION -GRIFFIN.
SEVERE 8ICKNESS causes oale of 24-room
house for $1100; certainly worth $1500; cen-
trally located: t terms M .cash; ¦ profit $75,
should be f 1000 monthly.
.; MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW AND. MODERN -corner house of 43
rooms; beautifully furnished in mahogany.
blrCseye maple; , velvet, carpets;- 4 , blocks
north of Market; long lease if desired.
MARION GRIFFIN.
FIRST'CLABS furniture; new carpets; 20 large
. rooms;- rent $S5; strictly respectable; profit
exactly $72 monthly; price $1500: near Geary
St.; sunny side. • MARION GRDTFIN.
N. B. — 14 . LARGE rooms and big porches in
fine neighborhood; respectable, steady ten-
ants: 2 floors; very easy to care for; worth
$1200; cut to $700; clears $40. '
. ..'. 1 -MARION. GRIFFIN.
AND a $1000 house going for $600;
it's a nice, newly painted 10-room house in
the geographical center of the city; rent $40
- and Income $74 monthly. ' >...¦.»
' ¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
NEARLY $3000 profit yearly; fine big house, ¦
. well . furnished : nice class of. men roomers;
cash price $6000, or. % cash and. % in other
property; it's a fine proposition. .
-*¦ .: '¦¦ -./.¦ ; MARION . GRIFFIN.
SELECT FAMILY HOTEL; 40 rooms; clearing
|195 monthly; price $2500. ' ,
-¦¦¦-•¦¦.-.•¦'. ¦.., , MARION. GRIFFIN.
CASH $100, balance $10 monthly; S-room cor-
ner flat; newly calclmlned: piano.
MARION GRIFFIN.
L.ODG IXG" HOUSES WANTED. ~
WANTED-^-To- buy lodging house of about ~30
.- to S5 rooms. Box S23. Call olflca.
EDUCATIONAL.
E. R. AYKES, founder and manager oC Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned
l-> take active ' management; bookkeeping,
shorthand, typewriting; $5 a month; life
. scholarship $50: day and evening. Bancroft
building. 723 Market st. ¦
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 73S Mission
rt.,- between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms: better light: finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting girts
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. .English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Plt>
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $3 ma
HEALD'S School of Mines & Klectrtclty.St Post
si.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
- complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING— Adulta. . Mon. and Frl. ergs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to i: priv. lsssons daily. Find'
liy's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. J3ln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev.: est. 1364. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hail.
AP.ITHMKTIC. algebra.bookkeeping.shorthand :
day, eve. Western Bus. College. 1107 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 923 Golden
- Gate ave.. 8.F.; "5- page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons. 23c .half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
8PI RITUALISM. ™
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. "™~~ ~~- -~~~
Clairvoyant trance, business medium and life
reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House.
MRS. REYNOLDS. I licensed medium : seances
Friday eve. ; for full forms; 60c. 328 Ellis et.
C.-V. MILLER'S materializing seanceTto-nlfrht
8 p. m.. $1. 1084 Bush st.: tel. Larkln 41331
CLAIRVOYANTS.' '¦
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and buslnees medium perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
/ present happenings and portrays events to
occur in. the future; .if you are in trouble
¦discontented or ¦ not ' satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
¦ how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life: 25c up; satisfaction guar-
, ante«d:.readl£Bfl by maJL . Tel. Black ««¦». /,
• — • ¦ *
j 3IEETIXCJ XOTICKS Continued.
1 ¦ j ; ""*"*'
• EAN FRANCIECO Teat No. IS, >£0/«|V
; K. O.T. M.— Review THI3
i iKIUDAY) EVENING, at a £K«3 <&, t^fs
o'clock. Pionerr Hall. 24 G»7»I ,1\\ Wll
I Fourth st. »'<57 'f V_r»«7
J D. B. RICHARDS.
. Record Keeper. < «^f>iJi r
AGE.VTS WASTED.
AGK.VTS— "New Ycrk'r, steamboat Horror."
cold by KtirVivors iiiiJ cjx witnesses: 1100
• \fSt1: H«) illuctrcticns nom photographs:
ahci-t 60l> paces. 7 l /jxl0; rri.ee fl o<>; selling
!l»e "wild are"; best terms; credit given:
freight |-.a!d; «e!id. 10 •.cr.ts in CUunps for
outfit and u.etructions. KL'HIjM.VN COM-
PANT. Uept. 4. Chicago.
ATTOKXEVS-AT-LAW.
j G.~^\'. HOWE. 1122 MARKET ST.
: TVI. ieeslfl 4711. ErtAblleht-d L'2 years. Advic?
I free <-n all Iceal matters; divorces a rpcila!-
| ty. private, quick; no pay in aovancr; mining
t U'lHpunle* organiztd; patents obtained: wills,
doedn. collections; detectives i-mulojed.
R. VTi KINCk Atturney-at-Law. Exam: bid?..
6th floor; entrance room 611; eetablltbed 13
years; a!! cases, general court and offlce prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601. > I
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis it.. 15 I
yr». practice: refs. from many thousands of I
toldtere. tailor*, widow* and orphan* on Pa- '
ciflc Ccatt for whom I have secured pensions. |
AA— DIVORCE — Ccst« $12: quick: qutet; advice !
free: no cbarire unless successful. f I
: TIP MarVet *t.. room 4.. bet. :<d and 4th. ;
j DIVOBCE — Costs. $12; quick, qui-t; adric* 1
¦ free; all law business: no charge cnless *uc- j
I crzsful; open evenincs. 027 Market, room 301.
__^__^_^________^^_^_____ s 1
ADVICE free; divorce' cost ¦ $12; no fees or'
j costs in advance: all law business; offlce
ojen Saturday ev^nlrcs. 819 Market *t.. r. 33.
DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity: ad vie-
free: costs $12. Art. H A.K.. P.O. bo» 21!>9. S.F.
L P. CLARK, 927 Market fit; consult* tion
free; no fees In advance: open even In as.
autckobii.es.
I AUTOMOBILES— Li very, jrarage and salon-
rtK>ms: automol<!lrs of every ctescripifTn
b-.usht and sold; will liuy or -ell ie<op.i-
hand machines. f->e uk before /CO <lo any-
ihlrK with your machine. Phone South ~f.Z
Pacific States Automobile Co.', 211 IJUIs n.
6TEAM runabout for sale, cheap. GAMES,
2018 Marker st.
V'ANTEL' — To buy a .steam automobile for
earn. Bex 8S1. C«U office.
"WANTED— GasoHn* automobile; name price
and ccnd!tion of machine. Box 3549. Call.
WANTED — To buy an automobile; state kind.
etc. Box 2535. Call office.
RAMBLER automobile for sale. Particulars
Bci 2K>6. Call office.
A3TEMA BEKEDY.
A. Di No'.a's Asthma R»medy relieves lnstani-
ly; 10c. 2.V. We. 1^02 Market. St. Nicholas.
BOOKS.
DALY A- (TRRAX, second-hand b->ok.«ellen>.
removed frcm 2f'6 Powell st.. to 857 fleery st.
31'MXESS . CHAM'KS.
A— $1500; EALOON In wholesale district: rent
$50; estab. 2."> years; a good-paving saloon
and fine fixtures; value in eight. Call R. G.
WILKE, 261-j Kearny st.'
A— SJ50O; CORNISR ealoon; close to Sutler st. ;
plaee estab. years; doing: an excellent busi-
ncfcs; lease: rent $116: net rent $4^; elegant
fixtures. St-e R. G. WILKE, 26^-j Kearny.
A— $15,000; BARROOM: owner n«ver clears
less than $1000 per month; location and busi-
ness can't be beat. See R. U. WILKE. 2«V»
Kearny st.
A — $MK>; PARTNER wanted in offlce of manu-
facturer's arent; a first-class "offer for good
man; $500 to be invested in business; office
clears about $250 per month. See R. O.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
j A— $700; BAKERY across the bay; established
; years and doing a flrst-class paying stor«
! trade; value in eight. All particulars R.
! G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A-- $600; TOUNG aad active mau wanted to
run grill room In one of the tinest barrooms
In this city; co rent to pay; references want-
ed. See R. G. WILKE. 2«>4 Kearny st.
A— $2250; CORNER saloon on Montgomery st.;
established many years; rent $S5; lease; a
good-paying place and well advertised. Call
; R. G. WILKK. 28',J Kearoy st.
A— $2200: ROADHOCSE! Roadhouse! Road-
bcuse! With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lease: a first-class paying resort. See R. G.
WILKE, 26V4 Kearny sC
A— $800; CORNER ealoon; rent $20; a splendid
location In the Mission; place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKE,
2»JVs Kearny st.
A— $2500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; en Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of 111 health of owner. See R. O.
WILKE. 2C^ Kearny gt.
A— $450; BARBER shop; 3 chairs; beet location
in the Mission; rent $15. See R. G. WILKE,
26H Kearny *t. •
A— $2500; SALOON: choicest location on Mar-
ket nt.; low rent: good lease: elegant fix-
tures and a flrst-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $000; CHOPHOUSE snd coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. O. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
room*, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds,
good furniture; lease; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny rt.
A— $2000; £= A LOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. Setj Kearny st.
A— $350; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
stor* with 4 rooms; rent $23; fine location;
good business. See B, G. WILKE, 26ft
Kearny st.
A— $375 cigar stand, transfer corner; rent $23;
good paying place. R. G. Wilke. 2«$4 Kearny
j OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and bar-
room; fresh, clean stock; good family liquor
trade: choice location; rent $35; price $2200.
Merchants' Agency. 1008^ Market at.
$550— HOME bakery and delicatessen store; 4
rooms; large steel ung«; 2 gas stoves; flrst-
class shelving and counters; a bargain.
Merchants' Agency. 1008% Market st. i
$2700— NEW hotel; electric lights; all modern
and up-to-date; newly furnished; doing a big
transient trade; near city; full of boarders;
rent $45. Merchants' Agency. 1008% Market.
DON'T work for others; be your own boss;
learn the real estate business and start in
for yourself; we make you our special rep-
resentative and teach you the business by
mall: we furnish large list of ealable property
and assist you to earn from $2000 to SBOOO
annually: write for free booklet and partlcu-
\??,a, "vJF- CROSS * CO- 2O4/-Tiicoma
baildlng, Chicago.
$350 WILL secure a lifelong position and In-
come of $90 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references ;
present Income can easily be doubled with
rJose attention to duty. Particulars 1007%
Market st.. room 1. . > .
$3 ?°r7 W , A ? TED ' f te f ir - ¦«*«' Partner;, es-
tablished commtsslcn business; experience
not necessary; must be satisfied with $20
per week sndsble to keep li K ht office books.
See H. C ICOOP &. CO.. 1118 Market st.
$500— 3PLENDID chance for right party; good
paying hotel in neighboring prosperous coun-
try town; rent $20; present owners most
i C » n^v ??*k. «° r P* rtJc « I » r « spply to L.
LAR6EX, 11 Do Boom- st.. opp. South Park.
FOR eale— Coffee, tea and spice route over
18 years standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars in- '
<julre at 119 Front st., between 11- a m
cud 1 p. m. '
FOR sale— A rood restaurant, nicely located on
Bush St.; fine trade and clearing a good
profit- over expenses; will give reasons for
telling to legitimate buyer; no trlflers. Box
-529. Call office. <
A— $200; partner in light business, suited- to '.
steady man satisfied with $15 to $S0 a week-
trial given before buying. 47 Geary st '
room 5. .
A GOOD established bakery for sale In Sacra-
mento; ban fine family and store trade; es-
tablished 25 years. For particulars H
SCHMIDT, box SO.'. Sacramento. Cal.
FOR Eale — Groceries and ' general merchandise •
etore in town not far from San- Francisco"
stock will Invoice about $1400; good business '
for man and wife. Particulars box 833, Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED coal yard for sale; well 3
located; near St. Francis Hotel; rent $25;
lease; ccod ' stock on band: one horse and
.wagon;, price $300. Box 1008, Call. ' :
SALOON for t»ale cheap; In Keod business part
of city. Apply to DONNELLY & BRANNAN, {
1071 AUision SL . ' I
JOllS' d: "SPHECKELS. ¦ L J^°Vjfeloi^
Adiref? Ceir.n:unica.ti<;ris to
JOHN McXAUGHT.*. '.VI ._. -^Mimmisw
.W. J. MAIITIN Business Manager
TEX DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Oflicc if Vou Mif?»
Voar Paper.
tt fcr aay cause THE CAM. Is not fle-
lirered rcsmlarly to subscribers please
call up "CALL EXCHAHOE" a*d notify
Subscription Clerk in chcrgre. Tout com-
rJilat will receive prompt attention.
A staadinsr reward of Ten Dollars
(S 1O.O0 > i* effered for tlie arrest «Jid
ccnvicticn of any one- c*a*ht stealing
i.j£.V CAXI*.
• TELEPHONE.
Atk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department You Wlin.
Publication Offlce Market and Third. S. F.
Ec.tuna; F.ootm. 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered l>y Carriers, 20 Cts. Ter ' n "** lt . 75
CU Per J'onth. Finsle Copl** " ?*«-.. v
Tcrrng by Mail. Including Postage (Cain V\ itn
Order} : „
r*iLY call, (inciud. sucds> >. 1 y* ar ---»M2;
UA1LV CALL, Onclud. Sundayj. « mos... 4_w
tiAILV CALl^— By Single Month. .~ «;";:
gUWDAT CALL. 1 Year **J
WCEKLT CALL. 1 Year •• i.i~
gug£ j &n&:*tS Kr |S Eg !
PC'STAGE. j weekly 1 cy. Per Year fcxtra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS. '
Ssrcple Copiffc will I* forwarded when re-
auested.
Mail f ubt.crib«?r* in orrierlnr chars* of a.«l-
drets should be particular to give loth Nii\v
AND OLD ADDREtS in order to Insure a
; : rr.pt and correct compliance with the.r re-
v.u*tt.
I
OAICLAND OFFICE: j* (
101* Bro&dwty T«-lerhor.e Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
21< v Otnter street Teiephore North «J
WAfc'HINGTON CORRESPONDENT :
BAaSVEL \V. WALL Hotel Barton
XFW YCKK NEWS FTANPS:
W«Mr.T?-AFtoria Hctefc: A. Brentano. 31
t>:cn f^uare; Murray Hi'.I Kcte!. Kifth-ave-
Cct Hcic! and licffrnan House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherrran House- P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Trerr.oat Hoi 6*; Auditorium
t&tel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GECRCE XROGNESS. .Marquette Butlflmr
•Lrrns Distance Telepboac "Central 261».">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B 6MITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTON Herald Square
BTF1VEKS OFFTCE of the Pan FtaE-'.sco
* CaJl. .orner Market and Third streets: open
LT.ti! 12 o'clock every r.ijtht in the year.
EP.AXCH OFFICES:
1 ?<* Market street, eppesite Firth; open until
'1 »• tn.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
urti! :>/M p. m. .
•00 Hay«a street; open until 0:."50 p. m.
«-T» M.A!Ijft»r street; or>en until 8:S0 p. m.
OTi Ijjrkln t-ttcet; open until 9:30 p. m.
I'^I Mi.--jicn Firwt; o'.icn until 10 p. m.
S2«l Kajkft (street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m .
jrfi Dmtt rtre«>t: op*n until » p. m.
.•Ws \ : '• • s (farce* ; open until 9 p. ra.
Ncnheaft corner Church and Dur.can streets;
T'ti until » p. m.
Ncrth»-est corner cf Tw^nty-werond and Ken-
"olii r l > ,, Etr<> ' t * : °ren until 9 p. tn.
—•wo Fl.Ircor* stre-t: op»r. until 9 p. n.
TO SlBSCRrBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CA7-T. subscribers conteapletlntr •
fbssjre cf residence during' the summer
mentis can have their paper forwarded 1
by mall to their new address by notify-
ing" THE CALL Business Offlce. This
paper trill also be on «ale at all summer
resorts *ad la represented by a local
agent in aU towns on the coast.
MEETING XOTICES.
CAXA3POBXIA Omirandery No 1 K T «.
— R'sular BsseBUy THIS EVENING *OF
»i . :-;0. Ordor of Tempir. AH fraters ffl
<X<ur,r-*nis]v invited. Btf
'TfAP. M. PLUM, Commander.
. T. L HENDERSON. Recorder.
CKI.EHRATION of St. John's day UB - W
<\tr the ausjices cf the Past Mas- A
ters" Attociation of California. F. Aft.
* A. U . fy a grand reunion and »ZGM
basket picnic at E! Campo. SATURDAY.
June liV 1^4. Th» steamer H. J. Corcoran
win leave Washincton street wharf at 9:20
a. rn. and return at 6 o. m. Tickets, adults
••'• certs, children 25 cents, can be had at
the vharf on the moraine of the picnic.
ANDREW CHRISTENSEN,
Chairman of Committee.
JAMES A. WILSON, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodg* No. 186, P. and A M "^Y
will meet THIS EVENING. 7 o'clock Af\
... 3 Ji' GEOKG E PENLINGTON. See.
CALIFORNIA Locge No. 1 IC of P ~gf»
meets THIS FRIDAY at S p ta.'.
Pioneer b-jildinp, 2* Fourth st. TLffS
rank, long form. Vigltors in- /5*v
' ¦¦«?»•;. F. O. MOLL. C. C.
R._X- McLENNAX. K. of R. and S.
Ll'UEKA Lodge No. 8. K cf~~I»
VO» Market rt.. meets THIS (FRlI \Z3&^
UATI lTlENIXG. Pf^t and Es- lS^5
'W* rank*. A fraternal welcome £g*2£
ortcnde<3 to all visitors.
•W. CRONIN, C. C.
J. W. C. BEATTIE. K. of R -and g.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, effice of
Secretary. New Tork, June lfi. 1904. Not'ea
to etockhol«1?r«.
To ihe etockholders of Eoathera Paciflc
Corrpary:
Not;o» it hereby riven that the board of
Erector* cf the Southern Pacific Company
St a ir.cetlnjf this day held, called a special
rr.cetluc of the stockhol«er» of eald cotnpany
t u convene at the office of the company in
P.eerhmont, JeStreon County, Kentucky on
V.>(jn«?iday. the twentieth day of July 1904
st 11 o'clock a. m.. standard time, to consider
rnd act upon resolutions to bt brought before
'them at raid meeting In substantially the
form end to the effect following viz-
"P.erolved (I), that the capital stock of th»
BDutbera Pacinc Company be increased one
Ignored million dollars by Issuing one mlliion
"Resolved <2). that the said Increased stock
rhail he preferred stock; that the holders of
»uch preferred stock shall be entitled todivi-
Atnfis in each fiscal year at euch rate not ex
<-ee<Sir.R seven per cent per annum.' payable
¦MBl-armuaJly out of the net profits, as shall
le Ofciarci by the board of directors befor.
any dividend f hall be declared on ttl%o£££
nock; that such dividends rhall be non-cumn
lxuve; that the hollers of such pEferreVSS
itafl net by virtue thereof be entitled to «£
r.t'.er cr further chare of the profits of the
company; that, upon the dissolution of the
coinpany. volunUriiy or otherwise, the ho'derj
cf ,rt-ef«rred stock shall be entitled I to have
their shares redeemed at par before any dis
tribution cf any part of the assets of tie com
j,ar,y shall be made to the holder, of the c£m
mon stock; that nid preferred stock «haU^«
i«ucd and «,ld from time to time to such
k mounts and in each manner as the board of
fK^fk ™,Z sutborize and determlnT bSt
ev not less tfcan the par value of the «h.^...
thst it shall be convertible into £mmon*?££
f:.^re for Ehare at the option of the ho'&n
« et-nry time; and thall be redeemable « the
25f^ y ;hl 8 r 2 c 0 -'' at cae hua<J^ «**&£
"Resolved t3), that Use board of AiT*~tr.~.
•ball be and they are hereby aufhorLed 10 e?
tcbhth. from time to jame, jand enforce Si
?uca rules arid relations re^pectlnr the f"
tue. tale redemption and conversion O f euch
rtjclt rv.t ireonsistcat herewith, as in the
i3i?A" may be Beces *ary or •
For the purpose of tuch specitl meetlnr the
»tock transfer bocks cf the company will ?!
<loecj July U. 130*. ct 3 o'clock p. m and
resptaed Thursday, July 21, 1304. at 10 o'clock
ALEX. MILLAR. SecreUry and Clerk.
TI1K California Debris Commission liavln* re
• ctivtd uppJlcations to mine by hydraulic pro^
t-css f?-om Araador and Sacramento Irrigation '
rn<l lilclag CO.. in Dundercead Mine, at
. :i f.Fsti Bar. Eacramento County Cal
draining into Cor>iine» River; from W e'
Duncan. Er.. In **rk Ranch Placer^ Mln^'
near SpaniFb. Uancha Pluaias County, drain-
ing: into East Branch rt Ncrtb Fork o'
1'csther Rl\er; from E. V.-Tirtany and Scth
Jenkemon. in Treasure Point Mine, near
J- air Pl»y. El Dorado County «^il.. drain-
ins i*3lo Cedar Creek, which reaches South '
Fork cf t:t»umnts Klvtr slvcs notice that
Rertinciwlll.lie held at Room W. Flood
Hulldlnc. San Kranclsco, Cal.. July 5. 1901
!:^» y. m. (
A "WEEK'S newt fcr 5 cents — The We-kly ¦'-•¦V
It la » rapper, lor maUisg. |1 per year. (
_ nr«I\K«fi CHAXCEfl— Contlnae*.
A— CAMERON & CO. South' 1050.
¦ 3 Eddy St., corner Market and Powell.
J Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR rale— We'l-furnishcd 5-room ark. moored
ore hear'* ride ironi city; -fine chance for
eum^.ier outing: also for winter- shooting and
fishing: all modern lunveniences; new, one
Mear; price JTJOO complete. CAMERON*
CO., Kddv st. . .
FOR Ealc— \Ve!i-IuciUed ba;:aar and furnishing
- goods business; 'cheap rent; liU, years' lease; j
one of the best transfer corners in city; do- I
ini? fine (business/ oilier interests cause sale;
lirloe taOOUL .See CAMERON- & CO., a Kddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quarti'mine; fine prospect:
located in Cal.; ass^ya $i'J tj $70 ton; trade
for rms.-hs*. nr business. Cameron, G: Eddy.
KOH sale— Electrical and locksmith "business;
j <«-ntrai location: pstabllslied 9 years: rent
I $^t'; clears $'M) to SH«> p*r month; pries $500;
must <«•!! on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.. :J Kddy 5t.
FOR rale — Carriage an<l wagon factory and |
genora! jobbing: established 27 years;: well j
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMKFSON & CO., 3 Kddy.
EXCHANGES made in nil kinds of real estate,
room!ng-hou&es and business chances. CAM- I
j EP.ON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. J
1 - _m7~-_ . ; ._ j
j FOR sale — Saloon on Bryant Rt., between Fifth j
1 end- Sixth. For further particulars Inquire |
j at Anchor Brewery, 1131 Pacific et. 1
j WANTED -to exchange— Stock In a good com-!
i i-any for an automobile. Address W. H., box 1
i 421. U. 'R. Hotel, S. F.
$2000— ROADHOUSE, bar. thorouchly modern.
$300 — Grocery and liquor store; 3 living rma.
PACIFIC Real Estate Co.. 1015 Market St.
OLI» e.-talil>!!?d butcher shop for sale; well lo-
rated, rn Third bt.! owner retiring from busi-
ness. Call'at South Park Market, 432 3d et.
. l'"OK tale or PXilianpe— (Jas stock, paying bet-
{ <ff than 10 per cfnt, for city property or
improved farm lands.' P. O. box 5S. Lima.O.
$.*¦(*> BUYS fin? paying restaurant north of
Market: will stand thorough Investigation;
bargain. California Invest. Co.. 777V4 Mrket.
RESTAUtlANT^for^saie^onithe' Central [Pa-
cific Itailroad at a good point for meals.
Vox ShS Call. ?
SALOON" for sale at Yountvllle, Napa County;
reasonable. Inquire of DEAN HOWARD,
cnlistosa. CaL. l>ox 11.
WANTKD— To buy or lease a (rood hotel in
country town. Address with particulars box
IC5S. Cal! offlce.
GENTLEMAN wishing to make good living;
$175; cigar store. Call at my factory, 229 5th.
WANTED— To buy small grocery and bar.
Address l.-ox S08, Call office.
FOR tale — Saloon in manufacturing district.
.Western Rubber Stamp Works, 621 Mission.
GOOD express stand; new wagon; licensed;
must sell. Particulars, 414 McAllister st.
FOR <ale — Al coffee route, clearing $75 per
month; a bargain. Address box 1116, Call.
WANTED-nptUurant in good location. Ad-
dress, with particulars, box 860. Call.
A COUNTRY 'grocery and general merchandise
store for sale; price $1400. Box 1041, Call.
RESTAURANT fcr sale in good location; near
California st. Full particulars box 3547, Call.
FOR pale — Coal, wood and feed business In
Oakland very low. Box 2577. Call.
WANTED — Grocery, with bar attached; price
not to exceed $1750. Box 809, Call.
DELICATESSEN store for Rat*; nicely located
In the Mission; fine trade. Box 844, Call.
GROCERY and delicacies for sale in North
Beach. Box 1079, Call.
WANTED— Cigar stand. Box 1038, Csll office.
CALL route for sale; a fine large Call route
in the city of Alameda. Box 2179, Call..
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reoeption
of advertisements and subscription* has been
oprned at 1<X»8 Market St., opposite Fifth. •
Open until 11 p. m. . • '
CI.OTEI1TQ BEMOTATIgQ. . \
SUITS . cleaned and pressed. $1; xcourtng and !
dveing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis St., room 14; 1
phone Drumm 44. Cull for. and deliver free. '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call. !
11 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. ]
jcoijtECTiorr^oppicES. !
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made; 1
city or country. Paciflc Collection Co.. 415 '
McntKOn;«»ry. rooms 0-10: tel. Main 6580. ]
LODUINU-HOUSBS FOR SALE. «
A. CAMERON &. CO.. Phone South 105ol !
3 Eddy ut., cor. Market and Powell. !
Headquarters for Ins-houses, Hotels and <
All Kinds of Business Chances. . j
7-room modern flat, close In, well furnished, i
coet $U00. at bargain if sold at once; $300. j
C"> rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alamrda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
I" rooms; rent only $70; fine ¦ little apart-
ment-bouse; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
12S rooms; cbeap rent: long lease; first-class,
up-to-date, downtown bouse; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' leaee; close In;
clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously . furnished: grand- entrance:
every modern equipment; clearing $40»to $500
per month; to be sold at a Bargain on account
of departure. . \ ;- .
6 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance', time;
$450.
82. rooms; cheap rent; 2- years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good - furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per- month; if run
transient can clear. $300 to $350 per month;
here Is best proposition in city; price $3200.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
¦ 106 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fins
bar; can be run in conjunction if desired;
rare chance for right parties;' part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busl-
nees Interests demand Immediate departure. - '
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
305 rooms; cheap rent;' first-class up-to-dafe
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
¦ month: call for particulars.
19 rooms; rent only. $100; well •furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to $1500.
28 rooms: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and poy cash difference. .
21 rooms; corner; rent' only $85; oak fur- .
gocd carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
S7O over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1000. ¦ .- /"~
190 rooma; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly, furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month; '
clot-e in; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
128 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house: all men; electric elevator '
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
Larr" list of real estate, ¦ rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. .CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. -
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease... $3500
26 room*, all men roomers, low rent..'.. 1000
116 rooms, low rent, country transient.. 6000
31 rooms, rent only $55... iboo ¦
- 40 rooms. renf$70, transient......-.-. ...1600 ''
81 rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
'Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st ¦
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market' st". ,. ~ .
If. you want to .buy a house or fiat on easy <
terms, large list to select from, try • . .
•¦-...- MITCHELL . A ¦ CO.
I HAVE a fine downtown transient house of .14 <
rooms that clears $230: will take $3100. Ad-
dress box 1556. 1003 Market st. ' > .-,.;,' -;
FOR sale— Boarding and lodging house of 20
ruoms.'MRS. WILSON, Belvedere, Marin Co.
9 AND 22 roomed house for sale cbeap; snap* '
no acents. 257 Stevenson. sU. -S -
i CLAIRVOYANTS— Contlnaed.
ASSUREL* Success £or You.
Call at once and save $1.
His famous $3 readings this w?«k for
$1 II $1 SI *1 *1 JL ;i
No charjr* — No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
• PAUL, DESTINE.
! The first reslstered trance clairvoyant and
1 palmist ever In- San Francisco.
1 Read carefully. An honest proposition.
I O'oo to be full Judre.)
1 1 do hereby solemnly agTee and iruarar.t**
> to make no charge if I fail to t«!l your nam».
' occupation am! what you caJltd for; 1 t«!i
I you If husband, wife or lover Is trie or fi..
whom and when you will marry, how to fain
1 the love of tbe one you desire: in fact. I mOl
' tell you every hope, f»ar or ambition o- ¦ -
! ' than you can tell yourself: his advica U r»-
llable, bis powers are. wonderful and Indis-
putable: he Improves your character so that
you will reach the highest ocssibl* develop.
ment In mental ar.»l bodily vigor. h»*!!h.
happiness and caoaclty to earn wealth: th»
controlling power lmplante<J In your natuT»,
«d\lc«» on mlninjc and burled treasure; gives
you wci-tss In life; he guarantees you suc-
cess or charges nothing for h'.s services. 10
a. m. to 8 p. m.:' closed Sunday.
326 O'Farrell street— 32C
MYSTERIOUS POWEH.
$1. II 11. SI- «1- II. Jl.
ELL?MERE. Egyptian seer, clairvoyant.
EJsicated by adepts of India.
Never before have you consulted one
So fully endowed with psychic pow«r.
Call, be convinced. Troubl* and doubt leave m.
Th» Greatest C!a!rv#yant
"Tellsi your full name and occupation;" whom
and when you will marry; mining claims, !o»t
relna located: advises Investments: business:
law, Icve. divorce, partners, changee. Journeys,
without asking nueBtlons; remores «?•'.'.«. evil
lnfluenre. hastens marrtag«; controlling power
implanted !n your nature; teaches personal
magnetism develops mediums, clairvoyant*
etc. 10tyJ\>, Market »t. Mall. 12: offlce. $1.
Also open Sundays, in-*. Write for Govinda
Suttay Hindoo Belt. Particulars fre«. Orient-
al Tallyman. Adepts wear them. AM letter*
answered, confidential.
FROM ALA. SECTIONS THET COME TO
WITNESS THK WONDERFUL. DEMON-
STRATION
OF THE NOTKD LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS $1.
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised promUe.
He Is acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true exron»nt "f the occult science: fbf
overcoreins trouble, bad luck. Ill health. bu*i-
j ne«s. love, family and financial worries, would
It net be a relief to know how you will suc-
c«»?d? to b* relieved of the matters that are
troubling you and cf the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better iuccee*?
Then don't h«3irate until to« lat?.
Go at once tf> LIVINGSTONE.
T\"ho In permanently leratfd at
4"H Kddy «t. : lady attendant.
MME.PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant rce-Hixa.
card reader, born with a double veil ani sec-
ond sight, tetla past, present and future; I.
SOc. g. bv cards 11: palmistry and clairvoyant
•It.. $1 50. 290 O'Farrell St.. near Mason.
A— Miss M. Wilie. 330 EIUs. clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ;.-¦*-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 9.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberr. palmist, clairvoyant, card,
reader: when others fail try m«: gnoil reailln«*
25c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G. ave. Tel.Larkin 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life: business advic*;
names given; 25c up. JC5 Howard,bet.4thft5tb.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
«nd facts: readings dally. 917 Market •:.
MME. ODELL. returned: clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
MKS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. 2:5^
Sixth St.; ladles 25c: gents SOc.
ISMAR. th? celebrated Egyptian seerew, will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis s^
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: stt-
tlngs dally. 449VJ Jessie at., bet. Sth and 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A ORPHEXJM Employment Office^ — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell at. ; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chincse Ernp. Office, 41.\ Stockton;
best help. Frlt» Tamagaki.mgr. ; tel Bu3h 853.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51**.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 18Q7. BRADLEY & CO.. MO Tlay.
EMP1.OY3IEJST WASTED— FEMALB.
A — GERMAN,,- woman, has child, good cook,
wants work country. 324 Mason it. ; phona
Black 2303.
A— FRUIT picking wanted by two youn?
women In country. 324 Mason et.; phone
Black 2396.
A COMPETENT American woman wishes work
by day, fine flannel washer, laundress and
¦weeper: $1 25 and car fare. 873 Mission 3t..
corner Fifth, room. 5.
GERMAN- AMERICAN girl wishes general
housework, ISB Sheridan St.. off Ninth,
bet. Folsom and Harrison.
A SECOND girl, etrong and experienced.
wants a position. 324 Mason St.; phone
Black 2396. -
TOUNG girl wants a position to do light house-
work; sleep home. Box 11*3. Call office.
TOUNG girl wants light housework tn private
family, country. Address box 1144, Call.
WANTED — A situation as seamstress tn hot«!
or family. Box 1513. 1008 Market rt.
WANTED — Plain tewing to do at home. 2031
Polk »t.
A COMPETENT, refined, mlddle-aced woinaa
desires light position, working bouaeJceep«r
. for two; good home main object. Box 113«,
Call office. |
TOUNO lady desires position In doctor's ef3oe
or as cashier In restaurant. Addrees box
1172. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED, competent woman wants ps-
¦ltlon for general housework: reliable; refer-
ences; city or country. 143 Third st.. rm. 23.
X RESPECTABLE, well educated lady, tt
years old. wishes a position aa housekeeper.
city of country. Box 1113. Call offlce.
YOUNG woman wlshe« work by the day, wa»h-
lng. Ironing or ¦ house-cleaning, II 50 day.
• Call 1 Mission court, near Fifteenth »t.
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer, wim
knowledge of bookkeeping, desire* a position
. as offlce assistant. Box 1032. Call offlce.
WIDOW with two children, agee 3 and S
years, wishes housekeeper's position tn aged
party* a or couple' a home. Box 3SS7. Call.
SEAMSTRESS and milliner: $1 t« 11 50 per
day; by mall. 1425 Pine st.
A YOUNG woman wishea work by the day.
washing acd house-cleaning. 451 Sancaea.
SWEDISH girl wants housework. ¦ 807 Vi Buch-
anan at.; no postals. .
A GERMAN lady to go out working by tl>«
day or week. Address 12 August alley.
A NEAT young German lady wishes situation
as housekeeper. 20 Devlsadero st.
FIRST-class dressmaker will go out by tie
day; 52 a day. 407 Van Ness ave.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church tts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister it.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— iULfc
MAX and wife wish positions: man coachman,
thoroughly understands care cf fine borses.
general man about place: wife good cook and.
laundress; references. 3. P.. 444 Vj Jesslejit.
A GOOD, all around man wants position In
private place; understands the care of borses.
garden; good driver; can milk; good refer-
ences. Box 1111, Call office.
ENERGETIC, hustling American young man
from the East wants situation: good business
experience at responsible positions. Addresa
box 1131. Call offlce.
ENGINEER'S or contractor's assistant wanta
position 1 ; young man with Eastern experi-
ence: shaftsman. chief draughtsman or
superintendent. Address box 1174. Call, i
CARPENTER, cabinetmaker, thoroughly ex-
perienced, good workman, understands his
business, also good draughtsman for cabinet
work, wants work: 13 day. Box 1040, Call.
BARKEEPER, German, married, reliable, true.
sober. 11 years In on: place. Fresno County,
wants place tn city. Address TRUE, cars
Hartmann, 516 Second st.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single,, wishes a
situation In a grocery store and barroom;
first-class city references. Vi. BOHLING.
417 Kearny tt.
A STRONG young man (23) wishes a position
to work around country store; can drlva a
team; references. Address 1113 Steiner sC
SOBER, eneriretic young marrleU man. good
education, wants position; experienced tn
clubs and grocery business. Box 103J, Call. •
BARBER with few months' e*p«r ience, wants
steady Job as. apprentice. Bo^|jU9. Call.
DRUGS— Wanted petition in Nevada: comnn
- uot Box 1054. Call offlce. * JTT-
YOU WANT^fs TO BE KNOWN TO THOSE Ml TO KNOW
n. . ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ . .¦¦..¦*. * ..¦"¦.¦¦¦ ¦* _ .¦. ¦ . ' *
1 .:.-.- .. " . 1- HIGH-GRADER^ I r— ¦ r>w !—• ¦— •
Rf^RR TOILET S0AP P[)PP
I ItCL—L- TO SUNDAY CALL | TVL— I— ,
•I ¦; v^; •-¦-¦•¦••• - I WANT AD- PATRONS L
I One^ (3 Cakes) Richly Perfumed, Hard Milled, First Quality; Soap
; V YOUR CHOICE OF FOUR ODORS'
VIOLET; ; .WHITE ROSE^ PEAU D'ESPAGNE, CLAVEL (Carnation)
IN THE RAMONA BRANDS AND AROMA DE CLAVEL-WE ARE OFFERING .TO OUR WANT
AD. PATRONS- PERFECTION IN PERFUMED SOAPS, A CALIFORNIA PRODUCT, MADE BY
THE LOS ANGELES SOAP CO., AND EQUAL IN QUALITY TO THE BEST AMERICAN OR IM-
PORTED ARTICLE. THESE SOAP2 WEAR HARD AND RETAIN THEIR EXQUISITE SCENT
TO THE END. THEY CREATE A COOL LATHER, SOOTHING TO THE MOST TENDER SKIN,
AND, HAVE A DELICATE FRAGRANCE THAT IS LASTING AND REFRESHING.
ONE BOX (3 CAKES) WILL BE GIVEN TO EVERY. PERSON PRESENTING A WANT AD.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY OR SATURDAY FOR INSERTION IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
...WANT ADVERTISERS ONLY ARE ENTITLED TO THIS PREMIUM...
DEALEE3 SUPPLIED BY I.OS ANGELES SOAP CO.. 115 DAVIS ST.. S. F.
. .' ¦ j - ¦ ' ~ ¦ ¦
- Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisement* at:
BUSINESS OFFICE: of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
•pen until IB o'clock, every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1 I«08 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. ca. |
100 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. ra. j
639 McAllister street; cptn ur.til 9:30 ». m.
XS41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. |
32S1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until » p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. j
"IP"™ 109« Valencia street; open until J p. ra. mm L»
Northeast corn«9r Church and Duncan streets; open until * p. m.
, Northwest corner Trrenty-Beco:*'. aud Kentucky streets; open until 5 *. m.
2200 FUlmore street; epen until 9 p. m.
OAXI^AND OFFICE: •
1018 Broadway • • • • • • Tel«ph»ne Main 1082
Itl : •
: BICRKI3LET OFFICE: I
2148 Center Street. Telephone Nerth 7T
• ALAMEDA OFFICB: ' '
: - . Schneider's Booh Store ;..>.¦ Park StreetTHE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1904.
13
MOSEY TO LOAN— Continued.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy pawnents; large business In 40
principal cities. Tolman. 563 Parrott bldg.
THE -United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
• absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
CONFIDENTIAL loans to salaried people; dia-
monds, other securities. Room 330. Fhelan
building. Cth floor.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, con^dentlal. 20 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY td loan at low Interest; gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and -precious stones bought
, at W. J. HESTHAL'3. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. . of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103H Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
ALL leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
1V4 PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVINQ. 616 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
•^BtU^CAL IXSTRU^EXTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos, both
new and. second-hand, from $2 50 per month
upward. We have at this time some splendid
bargains for piano purchasers. Give . us a
call. We can assure you prompt, courteous
and liberal , treatment. SCOTT-CURT AZ
PIANO CO.. 500-62-64 Hayes St.
AAAAA — FINE assortment of second-hand up-
rights from $40 up. Including such makes as
Chlckertng. Vose, Stelnway, Steck. Knabe.
Mathuzhek. Sterling. Curtaz, Erard and
many others on easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary St.
AT firewood prices; unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Whltehead's storage, 16." 6 Mkt.
$00 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister.
GOOD standard upright piano 'for sale; $85.
STATHAM. 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post at.
$1C5 — STEINWAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary at.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Checkering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrel!.
_ PERSONALS. ,
STENZIE — The most wonderful and effective
dermatological preparation ever placed before
the public; will positively remove by the
roots any growth of superfluous hair that can
be presented; will not Injure the most del-
icate skin. Sold and applied at'
STENZIE PARLORS. 320 ELLIS ST.
Goldstein :& Conn's. 822 Market st.
And at* Marvin's Hair Store. Oakland, Cal.
A SUIT or overcoat. Including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on in-
stallments or ready made If you can get bar-
gains like this? Agent wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Market «t. bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. KOWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, puralysl3, neuralgia, pneumonia, -
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN, 32 Turk st.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its erowth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo., 1338 Polk.
IF this meets the eyes of ELLEN MURPHY or
any cne knowing her, who landed here In 18C0,
will confer a favor on J. MURPHY by ad-
dressing 1244 Howard St.. San Francisco.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
- skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
, skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varleocele,
etc.; easily worn: $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary. S.F.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st. _,
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 5»
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post at., near Powell.
GO to "The Launston." 110 Eddy St., for nice,
quiet rooms and low prices.
i ALL my friends are welcome at my new sa-
loon, 640 Commercial st. J. I. AZEVEDO.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Mrs. Dr. A.W.Travers.1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
' Actlna restores loet eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 309 Sut-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO..733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. "
PALMISTRY.
A — MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. £10 Eddy St.; phone Polk 4611.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PATEgTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA at-
torney-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
- PHYSICIAKS AXp SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. — Office and residence,
1021 Vi Market st., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
PR. BALL, 10731$ Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
pnst four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at CO" Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DrTtONG PO 6hY, successor to DK LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use cf herbs and teas. 7^7 Washington st.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 31!» Powell st.. tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard ft., nr: Third; phone Grant 161.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 4.1; tel. South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co. of-
fice Po»t e.nd Powell sts. ; tel. Pel. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlsi. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phono East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. 840
Mission St.: tel. Howard 041. F.W.Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage •»nd Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmoro St.: phone Jackson 281.
ISEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
ft., tel. Main. 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL NOTICED.
I THE San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
i Society gives notice that, owing to the prev-
alence of -scarlatina throughout the city, the j
nfylum will be closed to visitors on Friends'
day, June 24 1004. SUSAN RU8SELL
SPQTTS, Secretary.
THE following children have been admitted by
i the Ran Francisco Nursery for . Homeless I
! ; Children: Wllda Cuptlll.' age 4% years.'
| -abandoned; Dorothy WUburn," age 14 months.
¦ orphan.
TYPEWRITERS AND StfPPiXE3. "
A.v exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smth Premier,. $25; other typewriters at
i higher and lower prices; rentals $2 CO. The
Typewriting Exchange., 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars of L. A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery Bt ¦ • ¦•¦ ' ¦ ¦;
21) HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
FOR sale — Cheap; Al Smith Premier type-
writer. J. D. ROANTREE. 128 El U, .t.
POINT RICHMOND ItEAL B3TATB.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege. on Santa F»
and electric roads; land $300 per acre; lots
60x2(*0 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings. $400 per acre: monthly payments;
send for raaps. etc. HAIGHT. 401 Cal.st..3-F.
JUWI.VG MACHINES ASP SUPPLIES.
THE WHITE IS KING.
Best automatic furniture.
Best ball-bearing stand.
Best vibrator and rotary shuttle.
Best lock and chain stitch.
H-st sewtng machine on earth.
Beat machines at $3.0O per month.
Best machines to rent at $2.00 p-ir month.
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO..
Retail offices, 304 Post St..
1841 Fillmore st. and 70$ Valencia st.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use: best
Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Dotn?s-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feea ma-
chines: slightly used; $10. $15. $20; second-
hand, $3. $3. $S; all styles: guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOl^SEKEEPIXO.
CALIFORNIA. 13O4— Sunny front bay-window
room A kitchen, connecting: reas. ;qp ehild'n.
CLAY, 1323, near Jones — Elegant new fur-
, nished rooms for housekeeping; must be seen
to be appreciated.
EDDY. 217 — Large housekeeping room: sins'*
rooms for gentlemen; reas. Miss Johnaon.
EDDY. 617 — Front hall room $8: sunny back
room, complete housekpg. ; phone Hyde 34ft.
GOUGH. 137 — Two sunny front rooms; light
housekeeping 1 . :
GUERRERO. 333 — 2 or 3 unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; bath, laundry: no sign.
LAGUNA. 1507 — An elegantly furnished 3-
roora suite; modern conveniences; prlvat*
family; reasonable.
LARKIN. 81D% — Sunny housekeeping room:
gas stove and bath; $10 per month.
LARKIN.10O7. cor.Poet — The Cragburn. II. Bur-
' llngame.prop.: rms.. single A hkpg.apartments.
LASKIE. 27. off Mission, bet. Eighth and
Nlntli — Connecting housekeeping rooms; sep-
arate entrance; yard.
MISSION. 888— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms.-
MISSION. 1429 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms. $15; gas range; also other rooms.
OAK. 10—2 rooms coracleu for housekeeping;
us« of piano. ( *
OAK 117. 53S McAllister — Rooms, complets;
ji to $12: gaa range, hot bath; adults.
PINE, 912 — 2 furnished rooms: private hous«;
gas. water, phone, bath Included.
POLK. 612 nr. Eddy— $20; two large sunny
housekeeping, bath, gas, phone, adults.
POLK. 1G43. cor. Clay— 2 large nicely furnished
sunny front housekeeping rooms; rent $19.
SCOTT, 500. northeast corner Page, near
Halght-st. car: two newly furnished, suany.
connecting rooms; bath, gas range, dishes;
everything complete.
VAN NESS ave.. 31 — Alcove parlor; gas, small
kitchen, gas stove; sunny.
ADVERTI3EMENT3, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor, Duncan and Church st».
HOUSES.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness ave. —
The acme of perfection In modern, elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with prlvat*
tathj. steam heat. elec. light, elev., gas ranee.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1.140 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
ST. LOUIS. 1S75 Jackson St. — Modern 3-4-S
rooms: rum. or unfum.: refs. Tel. East 1-150.
no o m s T"J^~-f^^j^|j^^*;
Rooms
23c to $1 per night. $J 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— B"ur-
'nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 1001. upstairs — Nicely fur-
nished large sunny room for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 21— Elegant rooms, single or «a
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
ELLIS 923— Elegantly furnished rooms; sun.
electric lights, baths, steam heat, phone,
new; flat 4. elevator^
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $« wit.; readlng-rro.
GRANT ave.. 213^ — Nicely furnished rooms;
location central. |
HOTEL DUFFERIN, 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nished suites and stngle rooms.
JESSIE. 363. east U. S. Mint — Furnished rooms,
$5. $6 and $10: large. 2 beds^
JONES 207 (Van Winkle) — Furnished sunny
mis. ;' suite or single; gents preferred; $2 up.
JONE3, 919 — A comfortable, smr.ny room, all
ccnvenlencea; private family; reasonable;
gentleman. .
NINTH. 147 — Large sunny room, suitable for
one or two persons. "
O'FARRELL. 332 — Nicely furnished parlors:
sunny single or suite: light housekeeping ir
desired; 1 small single room for gentleman;
O'FARRELL. 1520. nr. Buchanan— Large w-ll-
turnlshed room; suitable for two; $9.
POST. 8S9. near Hyde — Large furnished front
room: bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and lalles* par-
lor; rooms per night. 35a to $1 SO; week. $2
to $S; month, JS to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH. 240H — Furnished rooms, day. week or
month; location central and reasonable.
STEVENSON. 257— Light joom. $1 week;
housekpg. room $1 75; front parlor own price.
SUTTER, 301 (Larchmont) — $3 to $6 per week;
modern; hot and cold water: baths free.
TAYLOR. 624, cor. Sutter 1 — Sunny bay-window>
front room; suitable for two; $12.
THE ST. KATHRYN.
N E. COR: LEAVENWOR-TH AND
ELLIS— SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOMS IN THE CITY; BATHS: HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERT
ROOM- ELEVATOR SERVICE; MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES; FROM $3
PFR WEEK.
THE VIRGINIA. 1005 Powell — Nicely furnish-
ed apartments; bay window; gas range;
bath; always sunny; also single; reasonable.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049 A Market st.— Sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — M»
rooms, 33c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In svery
room: elevator, read. -room; free bus: baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 70O rooms;
35c to $1 50 nisht; $2 to $8 weak; elevator; -
elec. lights; reading-room; fre« bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 15«
to $1 per night and from 90c to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
ROOMS AJPBOAJUO.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OV VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQUIPPED"
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS. -.
1015 VAN NESS. COR. OEART.
APPLT TO MR3. E. WINDELE. MANAGER.
OOLDEX GATE ave.. 1031. near JefTersoa
Park— Nicely furnished front room; bay win-
dow; bath: private family; excellent board;
$22; two. $34 per month.
LEAVENWOKTH. 1023 — Large sunny roam,
with board; bath; phone; 2. 3. 4 gentlemen.
GOUGH 1120. near O'Farrell — Beautiful sunny
rms. excellent home cooking. $20:2 meals $15.
EDDY. 112S. opp. Jefferson Pk. — Nicely fur.
*unny rooms; table board: reas.; new many't.
GEARY. 501, Hotel L' AtsTon — Family rooms
and boar<J; entirely renovated: reas. prices.
TURK. 822 — Sunny rooms and good beard;
reasonable. "•
' ROOMS A*P BOARD WASTED."""*
BOARD and three .unfurnished rooms "warttnl
ncrth of Market st. by a man and wife with-
' out children; state full particulars, terms)
and location. Bnx 1126. Call office.
Continual on Pa^e Fourteen,
| TTF-T.r WAVTRn— ¦HAl.H;— r nwf 1wm.fl.
1 MURRAY &, READY. Phone Main 5818.
»m and liiSO Clay st.; 5S« phone Main.
j Leading lCmplojment afcd Labor Agents.
i SPANISH— GERMAN— FRENCH,
; ITALIAN— SWISS— GREEK.
j NEVADA STATE— S HOURS.
Government Work — Free Fare.
305 tean-.sters, $2 to $2 B0 day.
IJrillers. liammersmen, etc. $75 tb $90.
Special shipment of one pa&senger car to-day.
. ARIZONA— FLORENCE— ARIZONA.
1C0O MILES— $10 50. «
2 special passengers daily over Santa Fe.
-5»>o men wanted.
IJrillers. rockmen. teamsters, laborers, etc.,
*2. $2 50, $:j to $3 60 day.
SOUTH— 406 MILES— $-1 00— SOUTH.
Ba5 teamsters, you'll suit, $60.
TO THE LUMBER. i
¦Co laborers, no experience needed $60; 2
carriage setters, head logger for woods $75
and lound: 10 Scandinavian laborers saw.
mill co., $C0; screw turners, hook tenders
edst-rnw-n. logger who understands rigging.
*W> found; shingle packers, cutoff sawyers,
nwlder. sticker hand, cutoff sawyer run.bor-
| Inu machine, $2. > " , .
IS horseshoers. all-round ' blacksmiths and
helpers, city and country Jobs, $4, $3 50. $3,
*• 50 day.
3 sticker bands, $4. -
IS coopers, slack work, north and south.
9 sash and door hands, $3 to $3 60 day.
4 plumbers, $4 day.
105 WOODCHOPPERS, TIEMAKERS.
. LABORERS— TKAMSTERS.
Q»M erapor and wa S°n teamsters, $2 25 a day.
w 04 Iaborsrs. all over California, some in San
Francisco. $2 and $2 50 a day.
«8 harvest hands, sack sewers, pitchers, etc.,.
$2 a dav and found.
2 farm hands, Mendocino County, $30 and fd.
18 teamsters, extra good Jobs, $1 50 and $2
a day and found. • .
DAIRYMEN. STABLEMEN.
04 milkers, extra good Jobs; come see; $35,
$40 and found.
6 butter-makers, 2 checsemakers. $40. $30 fd.
19 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $70
$60, 535 and found. / .
4S choremen and boys, different Jofcs, $35,
$30, S25 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
C34 and Ca6 Clay st.
MARRIED.
Cook and wife, 15 men, mine, fare $3. $40 fd.
Milker and wife. Northern Cal.. $50 found. .
4 farmers and wives. $50, $60, $70 and fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63tf Clay st.
HOTEL DEPT.
Tamale maker. $40 and found.
Cook. 5 men, mine, waiter, mine, $30.
12 rooks, different places, $.10 to $65 found.
9 waiters, different places, }30 to $40 found.
27 dishwashers. $25, $30. $55 found.
Porters, bell and elevator boys, pantry men.
MURRAY & READY.
034 and 63« Clay st.
LAUNDRY.
Marker, country laundry, -$15 week.
Ironer, fare $1, S12 week.
Mangle hand, fare $1, $10 week. *
Bench hand, planing mill, $3 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
20 LABORERS for sawmill, no experience need-
ed, fare S2 25, J.tj and found.
10 machine miners, gold mine, ?90.
Brickmaker. by contract: •
Bc*s woodsman, north; see boss here; $90 fd.
Blacksmith helper, city Job, $2 to $2 50.
Marker laundryman, Tuolumne. $15 week.
PLANING MILL BOX FACTORY.
6 . younc men or boys, $2 day: bolt lath
men. $2 25 fd. ; lath man, (2 25 day; 2 start-
off boys. $2 day; lajth chuter. %'l day; 10
roustabouts, $2 day. >.
2 offbearers brickyard, south, $67 50.
6 lumber pliers, fare *4. $00.
3 lumber traders, northern mill, $3 day.
BOSS HERE.
3 mm to make ehakes'and split staves,: red-
wood, large firm, boss here, |5O found.
"Blacksmith. Alameda County, $3 a day.
2 p?fn*.^r?. City, $2 50 a day.
Gang edgerrr.an. sawmill, $75.
Bartender, city saloon. $30 and found: harness
cle-sner, city stable, $75.
Meat cutter, packing-house, city, $15 week;
«econd cook, mine, $40 found; waiter, mine,
$25 found.
Tallyman, lumber company, $40 and found.
MURRAY 1- READY. C34 and 636 Clay st.
SPECIALS.
LOOK! . •"*
CARPENTERS.
10 cfirper.ters, Nevada, see boss here. $C0 fd.
4 carpenters, ranch, fare $1, $40 and found.
<*arr-eriter. cabinet cr stalrbuilder, $1 50 day.
r. handy men to build barns, sheds and fences,
'umber company, $75.
Wheelwright, earrlasre worjks, $3 da>\
" r -"Cook a:td "wife," co'Uhtry' Institution. $<3> td." -
Cook, company boarding-hou*e, $00 and td.
Butcher, drive wagon, country. $3r> found. .
Casting chipper, country foundry," $2 25 day.
MURRAY & READY. (!34 and 636 Clay st. •
ALL
M<-n to learn tl.e BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required; positions wrureJ; con-
stant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Thir:! St.; 250 rooms; 25 to 50c per nlgbt.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 asd
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we ply
express or mail charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap. /Ap-
ply Call office. /
A profitable outins: pick hops In August. Write
E.CLEMEN.S HORST CO..I22Battery St.. S.F.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and A Co., 328 Montgy, r. 415.
YOUNO man to^ learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
PENSION Atty..E. A. Bullla, r.40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
. k<". — 700. rooms; 3.1s- night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus ani baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has* been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 603 -Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sis.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. C93 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGOXS.
BALL-BEA-RING pneumatic road wagon, too-
mey cart, tandem cart, extension top sur-
rey cheap at O'BRIEN'S, Golden Gate ave.
and' Polk st. ¦
PNEUMATIC tire, hlph arch road wagon, near-
ly new. Inquire J. O'KANE, 26 Golden Gate
ave.
FOR sale — Pacing mare, $175; 7 years old, very
fast: gentle in every respect; safe for wo-
man to drive; will go double. For particu-
lars ad.lress box 960, Call office.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons, surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 100 Stevenson, S.F.
A — FINE black saddle horse for sale. Inquire
605 Golden Gate ave.
5 GOOD horses for eale cheap. 327 Sixth st. a
\VANTED — Horse (sound) for delivery wagon.
1014. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a buggy; must be In good
repair. Box &I2, Call office.
WANTED — Single set buggy harness. Box
:!.-,»< Call office.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds at
1C1JS Market st., opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, bar-
n<*-sg. work and driving horses. I5th-Valfpcla.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. '¦
10 piges. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
HOUSES TO LET.
; A— PRINTED list of.ho"ulciMo1let: send for clr-
I cular. O. H. UMBSEN & Co.. 20 Montgomery. \
HOUSES WAHTED-^-SUBTJR'BAHr"
WANTEI>— Furnished house of about 4 rooms
for July and August In Oakland, Alameda or
Berkeley; careful, responsible party. Ad-
dres* box 11SS. Call office.
IKVALIP CHAXB3.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Kame* tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.: tel. Park 775.
I.VVEST.ltE.VT'ir
GOOD Investment — A limited number of shares
nt 25c per share; this stock will be worth
one dollar <$1) per share within a year; call
or write Osceola Mining and Development
Company, 414 Crossley building, S. F. .
LAUNCHES POJfc KIBE.
C,i A. McNEILL LATINCH^CoTTVoot of Clay
Bt. ; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. MIchaHls Launch Co.,Unlon-st. Wharf; boat-
I ins & excursions. 5 Steuart St.; tel. John 2650.
BKt f WMTTRn FFM M.V.—Cnn.
"* V A NTED T Cook and second girl, same house,
*¦.*) and ?25, see lady this morning at office;
-first-class tecond girls for private families
*.5 and $30; Scand.navinn -waitress for fami-
ly. Mcnlo Park, $30; Protestant cook, couutry
hotel. n<c« pl*ce. $40; Scandinavian girl, gen-
eral housework, Sausalito, $M; waitress and
chambermaid Santa Cruz Mountains. $25; 2
waitresses resorts. $25; cock for 10 children.
*W. girl, general housework, San Matco, $30;
f-ooi. email board!ng-houEe, ?.J0; waitress
nclel, short distance. J25; a number cf girls
•or genera! housework in city and country,
?2J». Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., Sal
Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class Swedish cook; best of
references required. Call at 2200 Pacifle ave.
from 10 a. m. to 12 m. •
TEN first-class lady barbers: new shop; good
wages runrar.teed. SOti Mutual Bankbldff.
A PROFITABLE outlnp: pick hops In August.
•Urite E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery at., S.F.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church »ts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subbcrlptlons has Iwn
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WA.MKU — MALE, a
U "WOODSMEN. ?40 to $C3 and found: black-
smith and horseshoer, $:J day; 2 blacksmith.
helpers. $3w and $•'» and found; porter and
warehouse man. 35i>; man tdiout place, $30
and lound; roultryman, $3i» and found;
poultryman and wife. $50 and fcund; car-
riage setter, $65 and board; stablemen;
laborers about mill. $2 50 day;, carpenters
$3 and $4 day; and others. . J. F. CROS-
KYT & CO.. C23 Sacramento st.
BUTLER. $45 and found; baker and short
order cook. $6O; hotel second cook. $fc'0; 2
country hotel cooks. $60; fry cook, $14 weak;
cook and baker. $65 to $75; shop baker, $12
week; hotel and restaurant waiters and
ethers. 1. F. CROSETT tc CO., C28 Sac-
ramento st.
AT the California Employment Agency,
14 Third St., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405
1 nitad States Government work.
60 teamsters and laborers, $2 to $2 25 day
$10 u5 fare. Florence. Ariz. Fare $10 05.
SAWMILL CREW.
Gang edgerman, see boss here. $00 found.
6 laborers, pile lumber, $40 found.
Board puller. $40 a month and board.
2 tall edgermen. $40 a month and board.
- second trimmermen, $40 month and board.
1 offbearer. $40 a month and board
10 lumber pliers. $S5 to $40 and board
Cook, hotel, near city, $50 and found.
Boy to drive bakery wagon, city, $20 to $25
and found.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCT. 14 Third st.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU*
042 Commercial St., near Kearny.
Phone Bush 833 JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
Headquarters Eawmllls and Woods.
20 laborers, that's you, to work in woods:
large lumber co.; by rail, $35 fd. ; 3 line
pullers. $35 to $40 fd. ; 3 crosscut sawyers, $50
fd. ; 3 fallen. 2 barkers, $40 fd. ; 2 trimmer-
men, edgermen, slabsawyer, 5 roustabouts
around mill, $35 fd.. you'll suit; 5 m«n, lath-
ibIH; head donkeyman; 6 laborers pipe ana
tel. line. $45 fd. ; 10 lumber pliers. $40 fd.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY"!
M Third st. Telephone Main 552L
Man around country home. $30 and found.
Camp blacksmith. $3, Monterey County.
Blacksmith's helper. $40 and found, city.
Cook and helper, summer resort, $50 found.
Milker. Santa Clara County. $35 and found.
Men for brickyard. $2 to $2 50.
Bartender and waiter, country. $25 found.
"Woodchopper*. $1 b0 cord, tools advanced.
HORD & SMITH.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
602 Clay st. — Phone James 247ft. ' •
10 bridge carpenters $3 to $3 50 day
« house carpentera $3 to $4 day
10 teamsters 52 25 day
20 pipe line men $2 25 day
'M pick and shovel men :. *2 day
10 drillers * $2 20 day
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st. — Coachman.
$40; gardener. $40; Indoor servant, $TO; but-
ler, $45; a boarding-house all-round cook.
$50 to $C0; dishwasher, same place, $20; as-
sistxnt for bakery, $7 a week and board, etc.
A MAN and wUe for gentleman's country
place; rousl have references; v .-apes tZO.
Call after 9 a. ra., MISS PLUNKETT. 423
Kutter st.. near Powell.
SECOND cook, do pastry, summer resort. $<*>;
see riarty in our office this morning, C. R.
HANHEX A CO., 429 Bush St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE.' 2U Montgomery r- 12.
Second cock. $75; 'broiler, ~$t;3. A. L DJvSd-
son. chef, call at onc« at this office.
WANTED for U. S. army, able-fcodled un-
married men. between ages of 21 and S5;
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
read and 'write English. For information
apply to Recruiting Officer, Rlalto building.
New Montgomery St., San Francisco, or 1029
Second St.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— A strictly first-class and competent
redwood, yardman for large country mill and
yard who is capable of handling large crew
to the be«t advantage; highest references re-
quired; state age. experience and salary ex>
pected. Box 1191, Call office.
BARBERS wanted all to be present at meet-
ing Monday evening, June 27: nominations
for delegates to the convention will be held
and ail must attend. By order of the local.
JOS. R. BLEILY. Secretary.
GF.NERAL helper for boarding-house: $:J0 per
month. Inquire at steamer General Alex-
ander. 8 a. m.. East st., between Jackson
and Washington.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home
evenings. $9 50 week; send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 4,
box 1411. Philadelphia, Pa.
WAXTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars Pacific Correspond -
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market et.'
, GOOD barber wanted for the summer. Write
me. stating experience and wages desired.
THOMAS HESSET. Ben Lomond. Santa Crux
County. California.
WANTED— Pr*-*s feeder, one who has experi-
ence on a folding box cutting press. Mutual
L. and L. Co., Box Dept., Bryant-st. en-
trance. ,
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7. for free information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or eveninss.
FIRST-CLASS machinist will find employment
at W.. J. JOHNSON'S. Martinez. Apply by
__ letter, with full particulars.
FOR sale — First-class barber shop in Oakland;
centrally located; rood buy. Address box
1223. Call office. Oakland.
BARBER; steady work. 104 H Union Square
avenue.
BARBER for Saturday at 505 Fourteenth st.,
near Washington. Oakland. . . .,
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. B(MH Broadway.
I GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; no
students. 1SC5 Howard St.. near Fourteenth.
GOOD barber from Saturday noon and Sunday
morning. 2092 Mission st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 623
Clay st.; call after 9 o'clock.
. WANTED — Good barber Saturday and Sunday.
218 Montgomery ave. .
BARBERS — For sale, good 2-chalr barber shop.
Corner of Fourteenth and Folsom ska.
MIDDLE-AGED man; experienced hotel clerk;
references; state salary. Box 1141, Call.
WANTED — Experienced grocery clerk. 1B37
Sanchez ct., corner Twenty-ninth.
V? ANTED — Walter. 258 First st.
WANTED — Educated gentleman who has good
knowledge «g cyclopedia*; $1200 per year;
reference* *Tr.iuired.
UNIVERSITY gQCIETY. box 2100. Call.
BARBERft— Good shop In best country town In
the State for sale: 3 chairs and baths; good
> side business. DECKELMAN BROS., 103
I Ellis st.
WANTED— S50 men to know that "The Best"
lodring house Is the cleanest and most com-
fortable in the city; all new; 10c to 25c
C07 California st.. near Kearny.
WANTED — A strong boy to carry Call .paper
route. See pressroom of The 'Call at 4 a. m..
ryt» 20.
WANTED — Dentist — Good extractor; good rap-
id crown and bridge workman. Schlftman
Dental Co.. Lea >">eles. Cal.
HAIGHT teaches you the barber trade and
pays you wages while learning. Call at
Halghf* Barber College. 647 Commercial st.
WANTED — Man to make Icecream. Ill Lar-
_kln st. * . .
' BARBER ehop for sale clearing $25 per week;
renc $3. 3147 Twenty-fourth st.
TO tailors — Pant*, and vest makers wanted.
•Apply at 111 Turk st. •
BOY to carry bread and help on cakes. . Plo-
r.e«*T Bakery, Clay and Mason' sts.
GOOD country hotel barber shop; near city;
.low rent; cheap. BERNARD, 1Q1 Seventh st.
BARBKR i- hop for sale cheap. Inquire 11.
BEABNAD..104 Seventh st. . i
EMTL<^MI^TJlVA?fTED KALIS. j
V ANT V. IV— By a young man, a position In a !
w hn twiif house, warehouse cr some Inside
srork where there is a ahow for advancement;
pre?«-r a |-!*ee whore one isn't bothered with I
unions-; Food references given. Box 1134. Call. ¦
EXPERIENCED office man from the East do- '
Fire* om^'cvnirnt; twelve years' experience In ,
gmcral business; best of references. Box i
112:. Call < Me*.
BTEADY > flir ? man wants r^sttlon with a I
char.rp at advancement; references, liox .
inc. oa;i of6^ I
JANZTOB <r porter want* situation; :s handy |
v..-U «i! kind* of tocit; suit an institution. ;
Bex W-:>. ("all oiflcc.
PTSlTIO.v wanted by an Er.irlishrnan as
bcsseiaJta --d Eardener; can milk; flm-clat**
i :Wi-ri-~r. city ar.4 country. Box 1140. Call.
BAR1ICS with ctw year's cspt-rlence viants to
:;•;:->! trmilo under flrtt-cl»Wb inau. Address
3' •:•<:. f>;."B Jor.«TS st.
Vo' NO o'vil erjfinrer wants positicn; expert
tnstnxsMBt man; wants Job es level or transit
; rv<l man. Uox 1123. Call office.
> i . Ki'LTEXT French chef from New Tork
« . . .- ;x>*it!on Ja tirxt-ciass hotel. Address
< > ¦ h ne Main 1304.
POSITIOS as dichwazker. TOM E. SLOAN.
;:'i« Test st.
T> NTED— Positicn as Janitor. Dox 1143. Call
o.'fW. _
TOl'XO man wants position as man about
place or^house*** ork. Bos* 1147. Call.
rO?I7ION as \ratchman. Bex 1143, Call of-
fice.
BOX traits irerk as cash or errand boy. Ap-
ply STCS Ansy st. |
I\ai::'.<>r. r*.r>«T-hau?f>r. sjpnwrlter. wants -work;
tcols funi^ISTa Felsom st. ; phone Mint 131.
JAPANESE girl wants housework and cooking;
srra:i family; city; mages $5 to $0 a wc«k;
si*aks Enrlish well. 321 EUls st.
JAPANESE girl wants place as house-work snd
r'alr) oo^k: postal anyn-ered. T. M.. 63» Ste-
¦¦..-- it., city.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as a school
boy or at housework. T. MORISHITA, Jap-
»r:*f .. Y. M. C. A.. 121 Halght st.
iRICHT Japanese boy wants short work in
irorrUr.?* for room and xceaU; speaks well.
G::«". BlVSf Stockton st.
A JAPANESE, gentle and honest, wants a po-
sition te a scbocibcy In a family. Box 1100.
Call office.
JAPANESE boy. r*ntl» and honest, wishes po-
*:ticr. housework, half day or all day; speaks
English. KITA. S38A O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants position, small
family: cock. T. M.. 831 Sacramento st.
JAPANESE boy warts situation at store work;
r-staj an^vreted. &S3 Stevenson St.. city.
JAPANESE Hocsecleanln* Co.. 620 Larkin St.;
tfl 17I.S. S. G. HCXRRY.
FLATS TO LET. ~
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
Ail desirable vacant houses and flats are ll«t-
*¦<! in our free renting department; over 1000
m r.utr.brr; a combined list from all agencies;
let us (¦*.•*.* you a list and help you to find a
j'.ace; u» never fail: service fre*.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
lOOa MARKET ST.
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES ar.d fiats- to let: an Immense llet;
ervice absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cork's Furniture Co.. 245-233
Geary ct.. en tbe square.
V>N NESS ave.. C2-t— Lower corner flat: eep-
'rate marble entrance; elegant wood finish;
bllllard-room etc. ; rent $75. on lease only.
--"¦;¦¦ on premises. II a. ra. to 4 p. m.. or
t > BALDWIN A I1OWKLL.
NCE, lOoO— Beautiful new flat: sunny • corner;
5 room? and bath; £11 modem improvements;
¦!•/« rent; convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fcurth ft. cars.
S21 — FINE, modern. «ir.ny € rooms, bath, laun-
dry ; enap. 334 Cumberland, bet. 13th and 20th.
ELEGANT, bar-window. 6 rooms, bath. 723 I
'.:¦-.:.< rt.. near Xlr.th.
X-'fLLMORE. 1124 — 7-roorn flat; modern: rooms
ell light ; rent reasonable.
HAYES 5 . d)Z. cor. Buchanan — Nice sunny flat;
6 moms and ba.th; modern improvements.
Largest Bst «- bmamtt sna flats to let. Call
on T.TOS Sr HOAG. 116 Monutomery "t.«* ¦
PLATS TO LET Ft 'It Ma If ED.
BAIGHT. !2:*«, Bueria Vista, cor. Central ave.
— Ui'fin ¦. furnished flats; also, unfurnished:
house ':; ' nil crr.venlences and Is'situattd In
5*-l*ct neiphbrrhood.
FLATS FOR SALE FL'RXISHED.
UINNA. <."¦¦; I: — Lower flat of 4 rooms; newly
renovated; to let, and furniture for sale to
a coed tenant.
FURNISHED flat of 4 rooms and bath, com-
plete. Call between C and 7 p. m.. 533 Hick-
ory ave
rtRMTLRE FOR SALE.
$»Tj — A FNAP in town; 9 nicely furnished
moTs; J25 over rent; call afternoons. 813
Taylor Et.
FURNITURE of 4 room* complete for house-
keeping; fine parlor set; must be sold at once.
2K9 Missouri Bt-, corner 18th. Potrero.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down end 11 60 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furnlturr Co.. -340 Post St.. near Powell.
Anderson Auction House, 19 Turk. nr. Market,
furnishes everything for the house; low prices
FTTRKtTCRXE, ftoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Eargw. 4.T3 Valencia, nr.ieth.Tel.Church 3879
CHEAPEST place in city for 'second-hand fur-
niture. OSC Geary st. TeL Polk 1477.
iTItXITlRE WASTED. ,
ABE LEVY! ~~
Salesroom, 11S5 Market st. Tel. Jessie "Cl.
twT'f •ell- your furniture, carpets, office fur-
rlturc-. etc , ui.t'.l yea get his estimate.
WANTED — To buy furniture of a C or 7-rocra
flat. Box .';C!V», Call efflce.
WANTED — To buy carpets and rugs In good
condition. Box SSC. Call office.
CHAS. LfcVT & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nitor».carp*ts.rtc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
HELP WAXTED FEMALE.
A FRENCH girl for housework. *25. city; a
Clrl for charoberwerk and sewing, no wait-
Ing at table*. f:». see lady here to-day; a
laundress for a private family. (30; a nurse
to care, for 2 grown children and wait at
table. Oakland. $30. MISS PLUNKETT. 42*
Sutter rt.. near Powell.
A FIRST- CLAfiS ironer, also 2 other Ironer*.
%~S> * a - c 'li ?** proprietor In town. MISS
*»LUNK.ETT. 425 Butter «.. near Powell.
A COOK and second girl for small American
family in Ross Valley. $30. $25 ««e lady here
this afternoon; a nurse to attend grown chil-
dren. K0, references tr&zn families required;
&. cirl for h'Hisework, 3 In family. St. Helena,
(30; a capable waitress and parlor maid, t'.iO;
a housework rlrl for country. *.•»; 2<> hotfue-
work rlrl* for city and country, 120, 125
?30. $35. SIISS rLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.,
near Powell.
A— WANTED— Girls To leant halrdresxing.
mantcurins. etc.: trade taught from A to Z
to 1 week*: *:¦ to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to f,;i immediately: positions guaran-
teed at *10 prr week up; leading school in
Wwt. 233 Grary ru. rocm 13.
A — GIItL to le*rn millinery now for fall sea-
K>n: bo«h reasons tenpht from start to finish
<n 1 month for $15; position as trimmers.
rr.letladles, etc. guaranteed at $10 per wk.uo;
\iuy and evening clas*. 143 gtockton St.. r. 13. j
IlsJrtJrMKinc. manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment. h«lr work, removal superfluous hair: $5 2 '
wks. : day. ere. class; positions secured, highest
w;i(teF. Removed frcn 1236 Mkt. to 133 Pow»ll.
—^_ ¦*
W^NTTD — Lady palmists for rornfval near
£*n Francisco: expenses and salary. Apply
at once. MR. LEWIS. U56 O'Farrell st.
. I
LAI'IES wanied everywhere copying letters at]
borne evuiints cr rpare time and return to
>Os: no malllmr or ran vn vein?: $0 weekly
earned; materials free: Inclose self -addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co.,
No. W *. Ninth ft., Philadelph'a. Pa. •
A BCAXDINAVIAJC or German srirl for general
housework, wach flannel*. $25. Apply VXl
Third mve.. Richmond, bet. Clement- and
California rts.; take KutlT-st. car.
KOtm wsltressMi for 'summer resort, $25; free
'are both fays; we party at our office C.
H. HANPHN A CO.. 423 Bu*h et.
WANTED — Flirt -clas* finli-hrr on coatc; one
bIm o«n operate: twmanent position. A. B.
SMITH CO.. 1"» Kills- ft.
¦WANTED — A flrtt-<-lans waitress at 504 Ma-
¦eo et.; wagts $10 a week. ]
REAL JggT ATE— -CrTY--FOR SALE.
ea^tonTeloridge" & ca. ~"*
633 MARKET ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY. JUNE 2S, 1904.
At our salesrooms at -12 o'clock noon.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
No. 1115 Post St.. west of Polk st.; lot 27:6x
120 feet, through to Cedar ave.; Improvements
consist of an elegant 10-room dwelling, steam-
heated throughout, latest modern plumbing,
running water In each .room, high basement,
conservatory and large garden.
INVESTMENT FLATS.
Nos. 7<i0, 762. 7tt4 6th ave.. north of D St.;
lot 27x120 feet; Improvements consist of a 3-
story building containing 4 separate flats of
4-4-7-8 rooms and bath; rent $76 P«r month;
mcrtgage of $4000 can remain.
SHOTWELL-STREET INVESTMENT.
West line of Shotwell St.. north of 20th:
lot 30x122:6. feet; improvements consist of a
dwelling occupied and used as a Chinese wash-
house; rent $15 per mo.; mortgage of $1000
can remain.
-PARK PANHANDLE BUILDING LOT.
Northerly line of Fell st.. 81 :3 feet east of
Cole: lot 25x100 feet: this lot Is directly oppo-
site the park panhandle, a very short distance
from, the park proper; situated on the sunny
side of the street, and is one of the very few
lots obtainable on this desirable street; mort-
gage $2100 German Savlcgs Bank, can remain.
SACRAMENTO-STREET FLATS.
No. 3735 Sacramento st.. west of Spruce:
lot 27:0x132:7% feet: Improvements consist of
4 desirable flats containing 4-4-5-5 rooms, mod-
ern plumbing, porcelain bath, flush toilets,
nickel-plated trimmings; modern in every re-
spect: excellent surroundings; rant $72 per
month; mortgage of $3500 can remain; title
guaranteed: 'sidewalk patent concrete; street
bituminized; built only 3 yean.
• MISSION COTTAGE.
West line Goettingen st.. north of Silver ave..
b'lnir between Silver ave. and Silliman st.;
lot 50x100 fset; improvements consist of a new
cottage containing 0 rooms and porcelain bath,
finished basement, rooms all expensively paint-
ed and frescoed; large stable for 8 horses, hay
lofls. etc.: take the Folsom-street car and
transfer at 28th and Folsom sts. to the Sao
Bruno road cars.
RICHMOND COTTAOE.
No. 628 8th ave., north of C st.: lot 2S:10*4
xl20 feet. Irregular; improvements consist of an
elegant lH-story cottage containing 6 rooms,
porcelain bath, 2 flush toilets; modern stable,
hay lofts, etc.; take the McAllister and Geary
street cars; this cottage Is built less than a
year; positively the most beautifully laid out
residence in this entire district.
BUSH-STREET FLATS.
Nns. 2620, 262RA Bush St.. east of Broderick:
lot 27:6x137:6 feet; improvements consist of 2
flats containing 7 rooms and bath each; stable
in the rear: rent $51 per month.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Will be sold to close thu estate of David R.
Jones, deceased, subject to- confirmation of the
Superior Court. The following lots will be
sold In block 59, Homer's Addition, bounded
by Church, Dolores. 20th and Army sts.; lots
3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 30. 31. 33, 33. 34. as per dia-
gram.
ALSO
Lots in block 62, same addition, as per dia-
gram; lots 1. 2. 3, 4, 5. 6. 7. 8. ». 10. 11. 12.
13. 14. 15. 16.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
» 633 MARKET ST.
TWO grand corners, north of the park; north-
east corner Clement st. and Tenth ave.; 32:6x
100; flne business lot; price $3750: make offer;
Tenth ave. Is the most likely avenue that the
Californla-st. road will select for its branch to
reech the park; this corner will then be a
transfer corner.
Northeast corner Clement st. and Twelfth
ave.; 60x120; grand corner for 9 flats and store;
price $4250; submit offer.
W. J. GUNN, 630 California et.
FINE purchase for a builder: 5 choice Iota,
west line of 'Eleventh ave.; 10O feet north of
A st. and south of Point Lobos ave.; graded,
street graded.' macadamized and sewered;
these lots are elevated and sltely; fine marine
view; very cheap; only $4750; bank will lend
$650 on each lot; this is the best bargain in
all of Richmond district; certificate of Cali-
fornia Title Insurance and Trust Company
goes with the property.
W. J. GUNN. {30 California at.
$1 23 PER week: no Interest: lots In the EX-
. celslor Homestead Tract; alt level; no grad-
ing to do: ready to build your little home
en; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
24 Montgomery st., room 5.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your in-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$2100 — 2 NEW 4-roorn and bath cottages on
two big lots, one block from the San Bruno
electric cars; easy terms. OSCAR HEY-
MAN. 14 Post St.
$2700— NEW cottage of S rooms, bath and
high basement; modern and complete; 365
Day at.; can arrange terms; owner at 1125
Harrison st.
FREE homestead presented by Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. Se*
J. E. GORDON, 62S Croasley bldg.. 2:30 to 5
p. m. dally.
FIVE-ROOM cottage: porcelain plumbing,
modern improvements, laundry, yard; rent
(25; north side of O'Farrell it.; $3600 only.
Inquire 1301 Devisadero st.
MONEY at A per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-8 Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH A MAYER. Plumbers. S36 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE Conn try — For Sal*.
FOR sale or lease — A nice little country home
of 5% acres; 5-room house, windmill, new
tank, incubators*, brooder house and every-
thing complete for raising chickens; parti-
tioned and inclosed with netting fencing:
with or without stock; within 28 miles of
San Francisco. Inquire at postofflce, Novato.
Marln Co.. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. W3
Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAI. ESTATE.
$200 CASH— New house. 6 rooms, near Key
route station. Oakland; must have money at
once; a bargain. Owner. 16 Chronicle bd., S.F.
ALAMEDA business property for sale; corner
lot. 2 stcres, dwellings above; a bargain. Ap-
ply owner, mi Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BIG BARGAIN IN BERKELEY
. FINE LARGE PLACE OF 4 ACRES.
BATHER THAN RENT THE OWNER OF
THAT FINE PLACE AT CLAREMONT
BERKELEY, OCCUPIED BY THE LATE
CAESAR YOUNO. FOR THE PAST FIVE
YEARS. HAS INSTRUCTED US TO REDUCE
THE PRICE FROM $11,000 DOWN TO $9000-
THE BARE LAND IS WORTH MORE THAN
THIS. TO SAT NOTHING OF THE HOUSE
OF EIGHT ROOMS. STABLE. WINDMILL.
TANKHOUSE. ORNAMENTAL TREES
OVER AN ACRE IN FRUIT TREES. FINE}
LARGE MEADOW. ETC.; CLOSE TO ELEC-
TRIC CARS AND SCHOOLS
GOOD BUYS IN ALL PARTSOF OAKLAND.
APPLY TO JAS. S. NAISMITH.
KM THIRTEENTH ST.. OAKLAND.
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
fruitvale real estate.
fruitvalerealestate!
CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 296.
$15 per month and own your own home, com'
pletcly furnlsned; lovely S rooms, bath, pantry,
high basement, brick foundation cottage, hand-
pomely decorated interior, ¦ steel enameled bath;
handsome palm trees, full bearinjr fruit trees
and flowers in abundance: 3 blocks from ca-
llne, graded school near by; lot 70x113; only
$500 cash required; price all told. $1S5O.
. CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale ave.
; FOR eale — $27S0; It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third av«.,
East Oakland.
i . FRUITVALE FURWTSHED ROOMS.
f THREE housekeeping rooms: pantry; closet;
use of bath and laundry; large grounds; $23.
141" Fremont ave.. Frultvale.
I OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
, r O AKX.AND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent — New house. 6 rooms: near Key
route. Kgy at 8«7 37th st.. Oakland.
j .OAKLAND FURBISHED HOUSES.
WALSWORTH ave., 41O— Modern; piano; $33;
¦ rare chance. Apply on premises.
O AhLA -\ l» Kli HA ITIH K i- OH »AL.tt.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furniu
ture. H.ScheJlhaajs.llth st.,cor.stor«.OaUand.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — On train from Los Gatos Bunker Hill
dav <*mall telescope basket containing shawl
and' capo. Finder notify MISS E. EGL1NG,
¦ 701 Valencia st. ; reward.
LAST Notice — Diamond brooch found on prem-
ises of Hale Bros.' (inc.), 970 Market st.,
December last, .will be given to the finder if
unclaimed on Saturday, June 25.
LOST — Lady's gold openface watch, monogram
N. O. C. Reward for return to JAMES
MANNING. 10 Pine st. . .
LOST — Thursday, pocket .memorandum book-
and white rule; name Sheerln. Reward. -2210
Geary st. . " *
LOST — Small cardboard box marked Shreve
& Co., between Maskcy's and Lace House.
- Return Shreve & Co.; reward.
LOST — From 1712 Turk St., two Irish setters.
Return same and receive reward.
* LOST — Pearl opera-glass handle. Suitable re-
ward If returned to 1S52 Geary st.
' MEDICAL.
..I — .^ — **--.. — ¦ - ¦' ¦< - . ¦¦ *¦¦ ¦'¦'¦ "-
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; ray methods
. are painless and reliable;- no failures; no ex-
; orbltant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 37 years' exi>ertence in all fe-
! male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market tt., rooms 7 and 8. '
MRS! DR. WYETH. specialist" for all female
I complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
' guaranteed : 30 years" experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief gua ra nteej^^CHJSJ^M^riKt^t^pp^Bt^
DR. G. W. OVDONNELL— Ah who are sick or
I in trouble ccneult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
. nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
. advice free. Office, 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, above Van Ness — Ex-
¦ pert in obstetrics, female complaints: lnst.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yrs. ex.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original -.nethod of treatment^ ¦ 1126 Market.
LADIES' Irregularities cured;. 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
LADIES — Kumround: aaf e, . sure, never falls;
12. Glea^on-Ruggles Drug Co.,ICearny & Clay.
MRS. DR. GWYER, having .secured lease of
' premises, . U permanently - located at 511A
Leavenworth st.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. ROSEN resides .2995 Folsom St., corner
20th: ladles. reUef or no fee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SAI«B.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with .-law-rite; In rolls eary to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
; iron tin or -shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
-¦ '
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumpu,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold, i
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale at.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 1428.
A— FINE eults, $7 50; dress pants, $2 60. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m._ Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or fents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc, WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
LARGE building at 741 Central ave., comer
McAllister St., for sale to be removed. Ap-
ply • BALDWIN&HOWEUy^SPoatst^^
CENTS' full drees. Prince Albert and Tuxedo '
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st. ...
DIAMONDS, watches and' Jewelry for sale on
email weekly payments. - United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.' ¦ I •
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress' rental parlors.
- moved from Palace Hotel tu 21 Stockton St.,
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats, $150.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St., near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at-. $2 SO; '.we pay express
charges. 11 3d et.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins., old gold and dla-
j monda bought;, send postal: -will call. New
-Municipal Loan"OrficH : 6W Washington st.
FOR sale — 12-ton 'schooner yacht Flyaway; 45
feet long. Address C. C. MORTON, steamer
Arabs, Fulton Iron Works.
PIGEONS — Homere, runts, all leading varieties;
stamp for catalogue. C. Wilson, 229 Stevenson.
FOR sale— 30-ton gasoline eloop. H. SULLI-
VAN, 2S Rltch St.. S. F.
EVERLASTING s'gns, letters, numbers; only
makers in .State. BAKER'S. 21 Spear St.
SAFES and desks: new and second-hand; prices
right at Richardson Bros'., 1816 Market st.
ONE solitaire blue-white diamond ring, about
1% karats. $185. 10 Sixth st.
FINE old violin ami lino case, cost- $150; for
sale chear> at 511 Taylor st.
BEST white lead 7c per pound: to painters
less. BUTCHER, 741 Mission St.
AWNINGS, terits.new.second-hand. BUN TENT
& AWXING CO., 42 Spear st. ; tel. John 6488.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT &. AWNING CO.,35 Mkt.Tel.Bush 858.
BRITAiN'NICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vols. KING'S, 61 McAllister St., nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Bacl-
galupt, moved to 7b*5 Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap: some
new; 16x10. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
• makes. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montg'y.
SAFES and .cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market St.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO,. 122 Mkt.
8AFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.'. S07 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Billiard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. ¦
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4"6 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
mond* gents' full dress suits, etc; send
. postal" card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st.
A — MORRIS gives highest prices for ladies' and
eents' casteff clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
HIG < HRST price paid for castort clothing. Tel.
Davis 823; U50 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good cccond-hand clothing and
7 theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tei. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, eold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 872 Mission; phono Bush 467.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA^ilERMAN "MURPHY, ,
J 601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; . no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchaned.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.. « ¦
WILL. LOAN ..
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
' or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
¦ Box 490. Call office.
A— EASY PAYMENT XOANs'.
I We will make strictly confidential loan on
your piano, furniture or security of any kind;-
this is a trust company; our system gives
you cheaper rate. ' longer • time and more
money than any one else In city; liberal ad-
vances made to salaried people on their notes:
don't fail to sec us. ILLINOIS TRUST CO.,
rm. 10, PheUn bldg.; Market and O'Farrell.
SALARY LOANS— :"• ~ ~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
, Ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453, Parrott bldg.
AAA — Interest 6 per cent (read Sunday papers).
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK......
...City. Oakland, Town. Country Property 1 . . .
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (city agents).
107-8 Crocker building — Post-Market sts. .
HIGHLY respectable private place 'to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per' cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main lti-14. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by .electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. - From. Due.
M. Dollar Kobe . .' June 24
Argo Eel River Ports June 24
City'Panama. New York via Panama. June 25
Coo* Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. June 25
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports..... June 25
Eureka. Humboldt June 25
Pomona Humboldt June 25
San Pedro Humboldt June 25
Coronado..... Grays Harbor . /. June 25
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. June 25
Clilco • Portland & Astoria. ... Juno 25
J. S. Higglns. ,San Pedro June 25
Mariposa Tahiti June 26
Breakwater.. Coca Bay June 26
Arctic Humboldt June 26
.Klerra Sydney &'Way Ports. . June 27
St. Paul Nome ft St. Michael. . Juno 27
State of Cat.. San Diego & Way Pts. June 27
Clichalls. San Pedro June 27
Curacao Mexican Ports June 2S
Costa Rica... Portland * Astoria June 2S
Porno'. Point Arena & Albion. June 28
Corona ". • Humboldt June 2S
Elizabeth Coqullle River ..June 28
Acapulco... ."• New York via Panama. June 29
Jennie... Seattle & Tacoraa . . . . June 29
Bonita Newport &.Way Ports. June 29
Korea........ China & Japan June 30
Umatllla. Puget Sound Ports June 30
Point Arena., llendoolno & Pt. Ar*na June ."0
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. June 30
Oaf-llc •••• China & Japan July 2
North Fork... Humboldt July 2
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... July 3"'
Queen Puget Sound Ports [July 5:
"" ' TO SAIL. " ">
Steamer. ." Destination. Salls.l Pier.
June 34.
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Bonita..... Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Queen .Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
South Bay. . Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Sequoia.... Wlllapa Harbor.... 12 m Pier 20
Jane 25.
Pt. Arena.. Point- Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu .:..... 11 am Pier 7
Rainier....- Seattle & Bllngham 4 pm Pier 10
Aurella....- Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 27
tian Pedro.. Ix>a Angeles Ports. 4. pm Pier 2
Redondo.... Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm|Pler 2
June 28. ' |
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pmlPler 20
Columbia... Astoria *. Portland 11 am Pier 24
g. Roaa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
June 37. I .
Pomona.... Humboldt ¦- l:30p|P!er »
Eureka Humboldt .12 m Pier 13
Ban Jose... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
June 28. I |
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. I 9 amlPler 11
Arcata..... Coos B. Sc F,t. Orfd 10 amlPler 13
June 29. • I
Nevadan... Honolulu & Kahnlui 3 pmlPler 25
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am PUr 9
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct.... 5 pm Pier 8
Arctic. Humbolilt Pier —
June 30.
; Coronado. . . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Pomo;v. ...¦ Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Elizabeth... Coquille River.... Pier —
¦. • . July L . . :- | ¦
Costa Rica. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24 I
¦ -- i - . ¦:- July «. • ¦ ¦ ¦ |
Marlpots... Tahltrvdlreet 11 are Pier 7
City Panam N. T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pmlPler 20
July S. • I
Umatllla... I Putet Sound Ports iFler —
ARRIVED. .
Thursday. June Zf.
V S 'etmr Daniel Manning*. Cantwell, from
cruise in search of bark Holliswood.
Stmr Nevadan, Greene, 17 days from Hono
lulu, via Kahulul 8',s clays.
.Stmr' Centralla, Erickson, 69 hours from
Grays Harbor: bound south: put In to land
passengers. t
Stmr V A Kilburn, Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rodcsm.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 14 hours from
Mendoclno, via Point Arena 12 hours.
5 Stmr Arrow. Black, 60 hours from Seattle,
via Eureka 1C hours. ¦
titmr Greenwood, Walvlr, 14 hours from
Mendocino. \ .
Stmr Pasadena. Henricksen. 28 hours from
Eureka; bound eouth; put in for fuel.
Stmr Ncwburg. ¦ AnBndsen, 63 hours from
Grays Harhor. , • .
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, 15 houro from
Caspar. ¦ ¦
¦ Stmr Gipsy, Letand, 20 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
Stmr Santa Roaa, Alexander, 41 hours from
Ban Diego.
Stmr Gualala, Panzer, 17 hours from West
port.
Stmr Gir>sy. Leland, 20 hours from Mon
terey. ¦ ¦ , ' ¦
Stmr Santa Monica, Olseo, 48 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Despatch, Levison, 49 hours from
Redondo.
Slmr Phoenix, Odland, 26 hours from Eureka.
Bark W B Flint, Johnson, 19 days from
Makawell. i ' "
Bktn Quickstep, Johnson, 7 days from Port
Hadlock.
Bktn Amelia, Wilier. 28 hours from Eureka.
* - Schr Mahukona, Masters, 6U - days from
Port Ludlow. .
Schr Besale K, Etaric, 13 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
- Schr Newark, Uelncrtsen, 16 hours from
Albion.
"Schr Ida A, Campbell, 4 hours from Point
Reyc». t aE«aaMfi^w;iPjiMwBfraa^^
CLEARED.
' r Thursday," June 23.
8tmr Bonita. Preble. San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.
Shipping Intelligence.
United States Coast and Geodetic Purvey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE^ — The high and -low waters occur at
the city front (Mlaslon-Ptreet wharf) about 25
minute* later than at Fort Point; tbe height
of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. JUNE 24.
Sun rises 4:48
Sun sets 7:33
Moon acts 2:23 «. m.
O iTtme ¦ iTlme • ITlme! iTlmel
V I Ft./ Ft./ Ft. | 1 Ft.
i? |L W| |H W |L W| |H W|
24 2:54 0.019:40 4.212:22 2.GI 8:49 «t.O
25 3:42—0.4110:40 4.5 3:10 2.9 9:Sl 6.0
26 4:28—0.7111:30 4.«J 3:56 2.9 10:18 5 »
27 5:11 — 0.8!l2:lS 4.fi' 4:42 2.0 10:57 5.S
2S 6:52— 0.S 1:00 4.7 5:22 3.llll:36 5.5
20 6:30-0.6 1 '.44 4.8 6:12 3.2|
H \V L W ' H W |L W
30 0:15 5.2| 7:07 -0.3 2:25) 4.8| 7:02} ».3
NOTE— In tbe above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are gtven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but thre» tides aa
sometimes occurs. The heights given are* in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the- charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
o f tn«» lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Offlce. V. B. X., Mer
chants Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
June 23. 1904.
The Time Ball on thr tower of the Ferry.
building w aa dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e., at* noon of the 120th .meridian or at S
p. m. Greenwich time. ' J. C. BURNETT v
Lieutenant, U.S. N.. la chart*.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
FROM SEATTLE.
6teamer. i , . Sails. J Sails.
Al-KI Skar^ay & Way Ports. 'June 21
Santa Clara'. . Valdex & Seward June 24
Oregon Nome & St. Michael.. June 25
Victoria Nome & Way Ports June-25
City Seattle.. Skagnay & Way Ports. June 25
Cottage City. • Skagway & Way Ports. June 27
Farallon 4 Skagway & Way Ports. June 23 .
RANDOL ESTATE ACCOUNT.— The Mer
cantile Trust Company, as special adminis
trator of the estate of James B. Randol. de
ceased, yesterday filed a report showing cash
receipts of $22,950 82 and a balance on hand
of $20,691 54.
SUTRO CASE ARGUMENTS. — Argument*
were begun yesterday In Judge Coffey's court
upon the application of the heirs of Adolph
Sutro for a partial distribution of the estate.
The validity of the trust clauce in the will
la involved and the question has been raised
as to whether or not Judge Coffey has jurisdic
tion In that feature of the case. Inasmuch)
as Jildge Troutt has already decided tfiat the
clause Is not valid.
In addition to the cargo previously reported
the steamer Coptic, which railed on Wednes
day for Hongkong via Honolulu and Tokohama,
carried merchandise for Japan valued at |14.
183. and several small shipments consigned to
Cliinese ports valued at $332V. The additional
cargo Included the following shipments: '.
To Japan— 200 bales cotton. 30 bbls beer, S3
pkss bicycles and parts, 85 pkgs photographic
supplies, 4 cs dry goods, 3 cs canned good;,
0 pkgs furniture. 17 pkgs hardware.
To China — 1!> pkgs furniture. 6 cs canned'
goods, 4 pkgs groceries and provisions, 34 pkgs
hardware, 3 eg paints, 14 cs glassware, 21
pkgs dry goods. 5 pkgs crockery. 2 pkgs ma
chinery. 8 cs lamp goods, 1 cs firearms. r
The latest lumber charters reported are:
Barkentine Amazon, from Tacoma to Sydney
at 30s; German ship Schurbek, from Puget
Sound to Cork, United Kingdom, at f>5s;
schooner Solano, fronr Grays Harbor to Syd
ney, at ,"5s, with option! of Melbourne at 41s,
chartered prior to arrival.
Additional Cargo.
NEWS' OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of 'Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Chartered for Ivuniber.
There was a large attendance at the
ninth commencement exercises of the
California College of Osteopathy, held
at Steinway Hall last night. The ad
dress was delivered by the Rev. H. J.
Vosburgrh, D. D., and Dr. B. P. Shep
herd, president of the college, con
ferred the degrees. Those who com
pose the graduating class are Lelia
Belle Butcher, Sarshel de Pew Cooper,
Sally Jewell Davis, Mary Olive Green
well, Catherine Lloyd Oliver, Kate
Crowhurst Slaughter. :*•->
Osteopathists Given Diploma-;.
The rate of reinsurance on the Parknook
took another Jump yesterday and the overdue
bark Is now quoted at 20 per cent. 'The Laura
remains at 90 per cent and the Wynford at 15.
The Juteopolls. Queen Elizabeth. La Roche
foucald. Largo Law and Willy Rlckmers are
quoted at 7 per cent.
The Reinsurance Market.
The missionary schooner Carrie and Annie
went over to Hay & Wright's shipbuilding yard
yesterday to have her deck* calked and to
undergo extensive repairs. When ready for
sea Ehe will return to the Caroline Islands with
a cargo of supplies for the missionary stations.
Will Be Overhauled.
TO SELL REAL ESTATE.— L. M. F. Wan
zer. as guardian of the estate of Sarah F.
Swett. an incompetent, yesterday petitioned
the Superior Court for permission to sell her
real estate, valued at about $7500. Her entire
estate is stated by the guardian to be worth,
5C5.241.
The steamer M. S. Dollar, which arrived
Wednesday night from the Orient, was re
leased from ' quarantine late yesterday after
noon. She brought 5500 tons of cargo. Mod
erate northwesterly winds and -fine weather
prevailed throughout the trip until June 21.
when the steamer encountered a heavy norther,
which lasted for two days and was accompanied
by high seas. The Dollar left Hongkong May
2'- and Kobe June 1. •
Released Front Quarantine.
EUXKOED IN HORSE TRADE.— Wllllaa
Costello. 1701 Harrison street, secured a war
rant from Potlce Judge Mogan yesterday for
the arrest of. John Solicit on a charso of grand
larceny. Costello claims that he and Stltlck
had a horse .trade on Tuesday and that th»
latter got the best of it by felonious methods.
NEW YORK, June 23. — The follow
ing Calif ornans are In New > York:
From San Francisco — D. H. Ankele,
at the Normandie; J. Baer and wife,
at the Herald Square; <T. Barnett, at
the Broadway Central; Mrs. W. B.
Bourne, at the Netherlands; J. M.
Lane and wife, at the Astor; A. Mc-
Kay and wife, at the Grand; Mrs. J.
P. Prior, at the St. Denis; C. S. How
alden, at the Imperial; Miss Jacobs,
at the Broadway Central; Mrs. M. J.
Kemble. at the New Amsterdam; J.
B. Levison, at the Holland; A. L>
Mace, at the Herald Square; Miss N.
O'Loughlln, at the Broadway Central;
J. A. Young, at the Grand Union; Mrs.
K. Wills, at the St. Denis.
From Santa Barbara — S. G. Drey
fus, at the Imperial.
From Los Angeles — Dr. M. Johnson,
at the Murray Hill; L. Lindsay and
wife, at the Savoy, and Miss F. Mead
ows, at the Grand Union.
Californlans In New York.
A pretty wedding: took place yester
day evening at All Saints Chapel. An
drew S. Johnston, a popular young
insurance man. was united in mar
riage to Miss Sadie Burke, a favorite
in the Western Addition. The young
couple left shortly after the ceremony
for Monterey, where the honeymoon
will be spent.
Wedded at All Salnta.
The tug Sea Rover, which left here Satur
day in search of the missing bark Hollis
wood.' left Port Harford yesterday for San
Francisco. Captain Thompson having been un
able to find the elusive windjammer. The con
dition of the Holliswood Is not thought to be
at all serious, for Captain Knight could have
run In shore anywhere along the southern
coast and anchored. It Is th.ought that since
speaking the schooner Transit the Holliswood
has stood off shore, seeking a slant of wind
that would bring her within tbe vicinity of
this port.
Tug Sea RoTer Returning.
The berkentine Amelia, which arrived yes
terday from Eureka, made the run In twenty
eight hours, only half a day longer than It
took the Arrow to. cover the distance.
The 190-ton steamer Arrow, Captain Black,
which was bought on Puget Pound by a local
firm, arrived here yesterday, sixty hours from
Seattle and sixteen hours from Eureka, at
which port *h* called to replenish her supply
of coal and water. The Arrow will be con
verted into an oil burner and will be . placed
on the run between here and Vallejo. She Is
Kaid to be speedy and gave some evidence of
her fleetnes* on the run from Puget Sound.
The Arrow was built at Portland. Or.. In 1903.
She le 147 feet long, 22. R feet beam and 9.2
feet deep. .
Arrow Arrives From Seattle.
The Society 'for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children has determined to
take charge of a little boy nam"4
George Burns, whose alleged uncle,
J. H. Johnson, has apparently left
him to be cared for by the public.
Johnson placed the youngster with
Mrs. AVilliam Conley of 306 iShbtWeH
street several week? ago and depart
ed with the promise that he would
send money for all necessary expeftsca.
The Conleys have not heard from him
since that time. The Children's Po
cjety was notified and will send the
boy to some institution.
Will Care for Homeless Boy.
•John J. Sweeney (owner) with M. P."Kemp
ton (contractor). architect — All work for
a two-story frame building on 8 line of Cle
ment Mrcet. 82:6 W of Second avenue,' 25 by
100; $3200. .
Prager Company (owner) with Otl« Elevator
Company (contractors).' architect Reid Brothers
— Three passenger elevators foe Murphy build
ing, junction Market, • Jones and' McAllister
streets; $9450. )
Margarita B. May (owner) with Hinson'and
Joneti (contractors), architect Maxwell G.-Bug
bee — All work except plumbing, sewers, shades
and gas fixtures for a two-story residence with
attic and basement on W line of Larkln street.
07:6 N of Union. N 17, W. 61:3, N 3. W..61:3
S 20. E 122:6; $4400. - r . *
Badg« J". Wyman (wife of J. F.) and Caro
lyn V. Mosher (wife of F. W.) (owners) with
John Stierjen (contractor). architect— All
work for two . three-story and basement
frame buildings on N line- of Carl ' street,
17r>:7^ W of Cole, W 50 by N 137:6; ?14.3»O.
F Arata and M. Tette (owners) with Dal
gero and Caranza (contractors). architect
— All work except excavation, concrete, shades
and ess fixture!* for a three-etory and base
ment frame building on ' the ' NW, corner of
VaUeJo. San Antonio and Sonoma street, and
137:6 W of Kearny. W 19:6 by N 57:6; $3755.
Harriet H. «nd L. H. More* ' to Joseph P.
and Mary J. O'Ryan. lot on S line of Seven
teenth street. 5R6 W of Clar* avenue, W 25,
S 60. E 25. N 75, lot IS, block W, Park Lane
Truot 2; $10.
Estate cf Ludwlg AHschul (by Richard Alt
»?hul. execntor) to August Welhe. lot on NI5
corner of Union avenue and D« Kalb street,
N 200, E 70, S to San Brun?> avenue, SW to
Union street. W to beginning, lots 1415. 1447
to 5450. gift map 2; $335.
Nettie E. Ambrose to James Ambrose, lots
1R» to 101. block B. Fairmount I^nd Associa
tion; al?o lot on SE line of I street. 50 SW of
Twenty- fourth nvenue. SW,60 by SE 75. lot S.
block 465. Bay View Homestead; al!«> lots 6 to
8, I lock 5f>. City Land Association; $10.
Robert J. and Agnes Barth, Carl P. or P.
Carl Kleebauer to Angela Savanella (wife of
Carlo) lots IS and 19. block 5, Garden Tract
Homesttad Association: $10.
Thomas M. Matthews, Sarah M. Handy and
Katherlne M. McClellan to Robert D. Connolly,
lot on E line of Andover street, lno S of Jeffer
son, S 25 by E 70. lot 23, gift map 3: $10.
W. W. and Katherlne G. Wilson to Joseph
B. Coryell. lot on — line of Evatt street. 183 S
of Vlsltaclcn avenue, S 63 by E 68: $10.
Estate of Mary G. Robertson (by William
A. Robertson, administrator) to W. W. Wil-
Bon. Same; $1SOO.
Michael and Catherine A. McCann to Eliza
beth Rothermel. lot en E line of Vernon "treet,
250 S of Garfield. S 125 by E 100, lots 14 to 18,
block 23, City Land Association; $10.
Builders' Contract*.
R. F. and Hattie F.. Wells, D. E. and Rose
C. Saunders and J. J. Mazza to Joseph Nash,
lot on S line of Lake street. 55 E of Second
ave-iue. E 25 by S 102:P£; $10.
Joseph and Caroline F. Nash to Phebe J.
Shattuck. tame, installment*; ?I0.
John H. Edwards to I-ewis B. Haseltlne.
lot on SW corner of Twentieth avenue and
Luke street. S 104 by W 107:6; $10.
Mary. A. Farren to Harriet R. Vint x (wife
of James) lot on W line of Seventh avenue,
119 N of C street. N 25 by W 120»$10.
Bernhard and Ros» Getz to Edward L.
Landeeren, lot on E line of Forty-eighth ave
nue. 150 S ot K street, S 25 by" E 100; $10.
Same to Katherine Miller, lot on E line of
Forty-second avenue, lOOfS of O street, S
60 by E 120; $10.
Olive H. Grace to C.' II. Morrell, lot on NW
corner of Forty-seventh avenue and O street,
W -10 by N 100; $10. •
George W. H. Patterson to Helen 'M. Pat
terson, lot on N line of Pine street, 60 W
of Taylor, W 25 by N 75; $10.
Roy A. #nd Fannie J. Danleh to George
W. H. PatWyon. lot -on N line of Pine street,
112:6. W of Taylor. W 25 by N 75: $10.
Eleanor M. Vullcevlch to Elizabeth* Schoer
lin. lot on NE line of Langton Ftreet, 217
SE of Bryant. SE 24 by NE 80; $10.
Frank and Eugenie Labory to Andrew O.
CarlRon. lot on S line of Twenty-first street,
305 E of Castro, B 25 by S 114; $3.
City and County of- San Francisco to Jamra
Malone and Kobfrt Richards (executors estate
of John Malone), lot on N line of Twenty
fourth street, 60 E of Bryant, E 25 by N
104; $ . . . • ,
William Edc Company to Elizabeth P. Sonn
tag lot on S line of Seventeenth street. 235:3
E of £anch»z. E 25 by S 100; $4500.
Lincoln Sonntag to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Marcus and Sarah Glazier to Belle H. Plum
irer Tot on W line of Baker street, 25:10 S
of Pacific. S 101:5?; W 137:6. N 14:"4, NE
1C2:6; 510.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
to John J. Darrcll and Edward Salomon, lot
on S line of Page street, 60 W of Lyon, W
25 by S 110; $10.
Robert A. and Josephine Cranston to Andrew
J Donovan, lot on W line of Masonic avenue,
69:»; N of Waller street. N 25 by W 100:3; $10.
John Center to City Street Improvement
Company, lot on W line of Division street.
22:11 N of Eighteenth. N 28, W 7, S 27, to
beginning: $10.
Helen M. Patterson to George W. H. Pat
terson, lot on W line of Guerrero street, 1S3
S of Twenty-first. S 93 by W 117:6; $10.
Annie White to Henry Becker, lot on W
line or Dolores street, 2H9 N of Fifteenth, N
30 by W 125; $10.
Ambrose J. Kuckley to Lillian Church, lot
on N line of Fu'.ton street. 87:6' E of Brod
er!ck. E 25 by N 115; $10.
Same to Sue Ella Bradshaw, lot on S lin*
or Sacramento street, 110 W of Scott, W 27:6
by S 127:8>i: $10.
P. is. Cornwall to Claus Relmere, lot on S
line of Fulto;, street. 137:6 E of Fillmore. E
27:6 by S 137:6: *10.
Claus and Gretjen Reimers to Edward H.
Stearns, same; $10.
Thoman ami Julia Moore to the First Church
oT Christ Scientist, lot on S line of Sacra
mento street. 87:6 W of Scott. W 22:6 by S
127 :SU; *10. . '
Elian Cohn to T. C. Tocr.azzlnl. lot on S
line of Hayes street 165 W of Webster, W
24:10 by S 137:9: Sin
William B. Shuraan to Josephine Roman,
lot on N line of Sutter street, 137 ;C E of
Bur-hanan. E 63:9 by N 137:6; $10.
Charles G. and May C Hooker to Louts
Heckenroth and Richard Keller, lot on W line
of Polk strtet. 100 N of Filbert. N 25 by W
S7:H; J10.
- Ellen A. Pringle to Annie I* Roeesner and
William F. Stirling, lot on S line of Hayes
5tre?t, 137:6 \V of Octavia, W 55 by S 120;
also lot en N • line of Oak street, 165 W of
Bu<hannn. V»' 27:6 by N 120; also lot on N
ci.rnpr of Harrison and Twelfth streets. SB
f.0:9, NW 100, S\V 67:4. SE 100. and property
out of county; cift.
THURSDAY, JUNB 23.
REALi ESTATE TRANSACTIOXS.
10CO Con Imperial. 01 1 200 Ophlr 3 (3
10O Crown Point. 121 JCW Sieira Nev .. *«
2CO Exchequer ... StH 500 Union Con .. 40
10U Gould & Cur. 2O|
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia ... «:| WK) Justice Id
BOO Con C & Va.l 13i 100 Mexican I !i>
200 Crown Point. IS S00 Utah u
1C0 Gould Sc Cur. l>0|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following- were the sales on tho PacISe
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1 00 Bullion V»i 200 Overman 23
500 Challenge Con 14; 1C0 Scorpion 15
4C0 Crown Point. Ill 200 Sierra Nev .. ilft
10O Gould & Cur. 211 2CO Union Con .. 4*>
100 Ophlr 3 701 200 Utah 14
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia ... 62| :.tf> Justice If
100 Con C & Va.l 10| TCO Mexican ...1 02'5
10O Con C &. V.I 07^1 »<><» Ophlr o 7i>
100 Crown Fb'.nt. 12| JA' Overman -2
TOXOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales en the San Fran
; Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
: 5200 Esperanza ... 03! IJ5CO Rescue 10
' 80O Gold Anchor. 'Mi 500 Ton Bclmont.. 7H
1000 MacNamara . B5| «0O Ton Belmont. . 73
«3<jO MacNamara . 51 1 ftoo Ton Gold M. IS
500 MacNamara . Sii\ 132."» Ton Midway.. U
100 Mont Ton..2 42H| 2W Ton Midway.. T>i
1500 Ray & O'Brien Oil TOO Ton Midway.. BO
Afternoon Session.
600 Esperanza ... 03 800 Ton Belmont.. '75
1000 MacNamara . Cl 300 Ton Belmcnt.. S3
6500 MacNamara . C2 500 Ton Belmont.. s_
2000 MacNamara . 63 6C0 Ton Belmont.. 77
1CC0 MacNamara . «l 500 Ton Belmont.. 7«
400 Mont Ton..2 42H 5CO Ton Gold M. I •*
650 Mont Ton ...2 43| 600 Ton Midway.. S3
9550 Kay & O'Brien OTi 1160 Ton Midway., n
15C0 Rescu* 10| 50 Ton of Nev.7 87 S
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Juae 23—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. BM.Ajk.
Alpha 09 11 Justic* 1« 17
Alta 04 06 Kentuck 03 04
And 11 12IKeyes Graes.. — I 2rt
Belcher 22 24jLady Wash .. — C<»
Best & Belch. I 15 1 251 Mexican 1 CO 1 05
Bullion 17 18 Occidental ... 79 81
Caledonia ... 62 64! Ophlr 3 55 3 >>0
Challenge Con 14 161 Overman 21 -I
Chollar 10 12| Potosi P9 li>
Confidence ... 90 t 05! Scorpion 15 17
Con C & Va.l 05 1 lOISavage 1« IS
Con Imperial. 01 021 8eg Belcher .. ,07 ¦•»
Con NY 03 041 Sierra NeT ..' 35 ."«
Crown Point. 11 12! Sliver Hill ..63 i>l
East Sierra N 06 — 1st Louis .... — Oft
Eureka Con.. — P0I Syndicate .... 03 04
Kxchequ-r ... S« 30l Union Con .. ST 3»
Gould & Cur. 20 21 j Utah 13 IS
Hale & Norc. 67 70! Yellow Jacket. 20 21
JuJia 07 CO!
TONOPAH MINES.
.Bid. Ask. I BMAsk.
Colehan — C5| Rescue 10 —
Eaperanaa ... 02 03! Ten Belmont.. 74 7<
Gold Anchor. 2S SOlTon * Cal .. — 15
Gold M Con. 01 —I Ton Exten.... »« I W
Hannapah M. 25 — I Ton & G "W. — OH
Jim Butler.:. 70 —I Ton Gold M. IT 13
Little Ton .. 52 60! Ton Midway.. 31 ?2
Lucky Tom.. — f>2lTon of Nev.7 87 H 8 «0
MacNamara . 63 55' Ton N Star.. 33 .".*
Mont Ton. ..2 42>-i 2 45lTon * Salt L — 75
Paymaster .. 06 071 Ton Union... 10 — ¦
Ray Cxten .. — 091 United Ton . . ©« io
Ray ft O'Brien 07 —I West End. ..20 23
Ray Ton — 171
George Kingsbury, manager of the
Lick, and his wife, who have been
making a tour of the East, during
which they visited the St. Louis Expo
sition, returned to this city last even
ing.
F. SI. Clough. general manager,
and J. B. Robinson, chief engineer of
the Diamond Match Company's inter
ests at Sterling and Chico, are regis
tered at the Palace."
J. V. Coleman, the well known cap
italist, who left here two weeks ago
on his yacht for the southern part of
the State, returned yesterday and is
registered at* the St. Francis.
J: Ross Clark, vice president, and T.
E. Gibbon, auditor of the Salt Lake
Railroad, arrived from Los Angeles
yesterday and are ( registered at the
Palace.
Arthur Gourley, the shingle magnate
of Chicago, who owns a large shingle
mill In Northern California, is a guest
at the Palace.
Gus Holmes, who recently disposed
of his Interest In the Hotel Angelus in
Los Angeles, arrived here yesterday
and is at the Palace.
Thomas J. Kirk, State Superintendent
of Public Instruction. Is at the Califor
nia.
H. A. Smith, a prominent young
mining engineer of Bisbee, Ariz., is at
the Grand.
C. H. Pope, a prominent manufac
turer of Moline, 111.. Is at the St. Fran
cis. ¦ •
Dr. Judson Ldftchild of Covelo la at
the Occidental.
Dr. Robertson and family of Liver
more are at the California-
Railroad Commissioner A. C. Irwln
of Marysvllle Is at the Lick.
Frank Sandelin. proprietor of a hotel
at Ukiah. is at the St. Francis.
J. J. McSorney, a mining man of Cal
averas County, is at the California.
L-. H. Taylor of the United States
Geological Survey Is at the Palace.
• Former State Senator A. F. Jones of
Oroville and wife are at the Palace.
PEKSONAIi.
Electra, Nicholas Thayer, Will W.
Case, Skagit, Premier, '. Prosper. Kol
chak, Nushajak. President, Kadiak,
Thistle, Gertie Storey. Alex Gibson,
Charles F. Moody. Tacoma, Sintram,
Bohemia. Star of France. Eclipse,
Santa Clara, Hecla. Indiana, Colum
bia, Isaac Reed, Palmyra, Euterpe,
Fresno, Himalaya and Coalinga.
The big. windjammers are being
towed about from wharf ¦¦ to wharf,
some discharging the cannery sup
plies they carried from here and Puget
Sound, and others filling their holds
with the. clean, new cases, tightly
packed with freshly canned salmon. The
steamers, Kvichak, Nushagak, Naknek,
President, Kadiak, Thistle and Gertie
Storey are working overtime as tow
boats, and ashore and afloat all hands
are hustling hard to make up for the
time lost through the unwonted linger
inp in those latitudes of Jack Frost.
The ice this year acquired a greater
thickness than jisual and was provok
ingly slow in taking its departure.
Most of the steamers are of small
tonnage and the presence of the ice
has added heavily to the labor of
towing the sailing vessels to where
they discharge or load. On account of
the lateness of the Ice it is feared that
the Alaska red salmon pack for this
season will fall short.
The following vessels had arrived at
Bristol Bay, June 10: *
Bristol Bay at present is .probably
the busiest haibor on the Pacific. Th*
water is crowded with vessels kJL all
rigs and sizes, and the shore is black
with - an army of fishermen, cannery
hands, laborers, tally clerks and bosses
of -high and low degree. The remote
Alaska povt is therefore fairly hum
ming with Yankee activity in full
action.
The ships Alex Gibson. Hecla an'd
Eclipse and the bark Nicholas Thayer
were, on June 10, the only vessels of
the Alaska salmon fleet not safely an
chored at "their destinations. This
quartet was then in sight, outside," and
by this time the tardy four undoubted
ly have Joined, the others at the can
nery anchorages.
fl^; * SAILED.
w Thursday, June 23.
Stmr .Lakme. Cbristensen. Eureka.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Jahnsen. Port Rodgera.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
. Stmr Iaqua. Jorge nson. Eureka.
Stmr State of California, Nicolson. San Di
ego and way ports.
Stmr Centralla. Erickson, San Pedro.
Stmr Pasadina. Hendrlckson, San Diego.
StmiC Argyll. Gilboy, Honolulu.
Stmr G C Llndauer. Allen, Grays Harbor. "
* Stmr Del Norte. Payne. Crescent City.
8tmr Scotia. Johnson, Bowens Landing.
Ger etmr Luxor, Behrman, Seattle, via Van
couver.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, Eureka, Coo# Bay
and Portland.
Stmr Porno. Jacobs, Albion Paver.
Schr Ida McKay/ Lethola, Eureka.
Schr Mary Etta. Small. Siuslaw River. .
Schr Conflanza. Johnson. Notleys Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 23. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN — Arrived June 22 — Tut: Dirtaj.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jun« 22— Stmr City of
Seattle, from Skac-way.
Sailed Jun« 23— U S stmr Dolphin, tor
Skagway.
BRISTOL BAY— Arrived prior to June 10^-
Shlp Alex Gibson, hence April 20; ship Chas
E Moody, hence March 18. from Anacortes
April 16; ship Tacoma. hence April 14; ship
Slntram hence April 15; ship Bohemia, hence
April 10; ehlD Star of France, from Lady
smith; ship Eclipse, from Semlahmoo; ship
Santa Clara, hence April 10; ship Hecla, from
Lady3mith; ship Indiana, hence April 10; ship
Columbia, hence April 12: bark Isaac Reed,
hence April 15; Bark Palmyra, from Anacortes;
bark Eaterpe. hence April 13; bark Fresno,
from Belnngham; bark Himalaya, hence April
14; bark Coaltnsa, hence April 18; bark Elec
tra. hence Anril 11; bark Nicholas Thayer,
hence April 14; bark Will W Case, hence
April 11; bktn Skagit. hence April 7; schr
Premier, from Port Gamble: schr Prospei-,
from Port Gamble: stmr Kvlchak. hence May
1; stmr Nushasak, from Alltak: stmr Presi
dent, hence April 27; stmr Kadlak, from Kar
luk: stmr Thistle, hence April 23; stmr Gertie
Storey, from Semiahmoo.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed June 23— Schr Alum
na, for Chile.
ASTORIA— Sailed ¦ April 23— Bktn Geo C
Perkins, for San Pedro.
POINT REYES— Pawed June 23, 9:10 a in—
Bktn Amelia, from Eureka, for San Francisco;
schr Newark, from Stewarts Point, for San
Francisco, and a three-masted bark, bound
south.
COOS BAT— Arrived June 23— Stmr Arcata,
hence June 19.
TATOOSH — Passed Jn June 23 — Stmr Sena
tor, f/om Nome, for Seattle.
Passed In June 23 — Br stmr Wyefield, h»nc«
June IS for Nanalmo: Nor stmr TerJ* Viken.
from Port Los Angeles.
.PORT HARFORD— Sailed June. 23— Tug Bea
Rover, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed June 23— Bktn
Klikltat. for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 23— Stmr
Santa Barbara, hence June 19.
Sailed June 23 — Stmr Coronado, and schr W
F Jewett, for San Francisco; schr C S Holmes,
for Guaymas.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 23— Br
stmr Tottenham, 'from Mojl. . /
Sailed June 23 — Stmr J S Hlggtns, for San
Francisco.
UEDON'DO— Sailed June- 23— Stmr Asuncion,
for Ventura.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 23— Schr
Forester, from Kohe. *
Paw»ed In June 23 — Briz Geneva, hence June
7 for Port Blakeley.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 23— Stmr Coos
Bay. hence June 20; stmr Chehalis. hence Juno
20. via Santa Barbara.
Sailed June 23 — Stmr James S Higgins, for
San Francisco: schr Ethel Zane, for Port
Townsend; stmr Coos Bay. for San Francisco.
WESTPORT— Arrive* June 23— Stmr Na
varro. -hence June 22.
EUREKA— Arrived June 23— Stmr Mandalay,
hence June 21. r
ISLAND PORTS,
HONOLULU— Arrived June 23— U S sUnr
Thetis, from cruise.
SatlAd June 23 — Schr W H Mariton, for San.
Francisco.
Sailed June 23— Schr India, for Portland.
Arrived June 23— Stmr Korea, from China
and Janan.
MANILA— Arrived June 21— Span stmr Ali
cante, from Liverpool. Prior to June 23 — Br
stmr Sikh, from New York.
Sailed June 21 — U S stmr Wisconsin, for
Shanghai. •
ILOILO — Arrived June ,22 — Br stmr Indra
pura, from Hongkong.
EASTERN PORTS
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared June 22— Br ship
Leicester Castle, for Nagasaki.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Sailed June 22— Stmr City of
Puebla, for San Francisco.
ADEN— Sailed June 22— Br stmr Indravelll,
for New York.
FA LMOUTH— Sailed June 22— Br bark East
African, from Dublin.
HAMBURG — Sailed June 19 — Ger ship AJster.
for Santa Rosalia.
HONGKONG— Sailed 1 June 22— Br stmr Em
preys of India, for Vancouver.
• MOJ I— Sailed Jun« 13 — Br stmr Quito, for
Nome, via Nanalmo.
NEWCASTLE, AUS— Sailed June 22— Echr
Marconi, for Honolulu.
LIVERPOOL, — Arrived June 23— Span stmr
Antonio Ixirez, from Manila.
SINGAPORE — Arrived prior to June 23 — Br
stmr Knight Commander", from New York.
GENOA — Arrived June 20 — Span stmr Isla
de Luzon, from Manila. •
ST VINCENT— Arrived prior to June 23—
Ger stmr Memphis, hence Feb 27 for Hamburg.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived June 23 — Stmr Aura
nla, from Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 23— Stmr
Belgenland. from Philadelphia; Btmr Carpa
fhia. from New York.
HAMBURC- Arrived June 23— Stmr Graf
Walderaee. from New York.
Movement^ of Steamers.
Bristol Bay Is Crowded With Vessels
of Many Rigs and Sizes— Owing to Late
Ice the Season's Pack . May Fall Short
Mrs. Ella E. Caminetti, grand pres
ident, of Jackson, attended the meet
ing and while she listened to the pro
test of the regular practitioners she
was unable to give an opinion one
way or the other, since she was not
aware of the exact wording of the res
olution in question.
Those opposed to the resolution de
cided to draw up a formal protest,
which will be submitted to the grand
president In regular form.
Dr. B. P. Shepherd, dean and pro
fessor of osteopathlc theiry and prac
tice and clinics of the California Col
lege ot Osteopathy, said last night
that his school was Just as capable to
make an examination and diagnosis
as the regular medical doctor.
A number of women medical prac
titioners met last night 'at 1201 Sut
ter street for the purpose of protest
ing against a resolution offered by
California Parlor No. 7, Sacramento,
and supported by Past Gmnd 1 Presi
dent Gett- of that parlor and passed,
to allow osteopathists to be examin
ing physicians for subordinate par
lors of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West. •
ters of the Golden West.
Protest Against Osteopathist Exam
ers of Candidates for Native Daugh-
SHIPS OF ALASKA SALMON FLEET
ARE ALL SAFE AT DESTINATIONS
Continued From Pasc 15.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
MEDICAL. PRACTITIONERS .
REGISTER AX OBJECTION
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1904.
14
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S Steamer* leave Broadway
n'lmrei, piers 8 and 11
San Francisco:
For Ketchikan. Wrang;!,
Juncau, Halnes. Skagway,
etc.. • Alaska— 11 a. m. Juna
19. 24. 29. July 3. Chang? t»
Company's steamers at Se-
attle. V -.» ¦*..:
For VlctorU. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Belllngham — 11 a. m.. June 19. 2J. July S.
Chanle at Seattle to this CSouipany's- steamer"
for- Alaska an<l G. N. Ky. ; at Seattle err Ta-
coma to N. P. Rt.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Hdmboldt Boy) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. June 21. 27. July Z. Corona, 1:30 p. m..
June 1$. 2* 30. July 6.
For Lcs Angeles tvio Port Loa Anceles an*
Bedondo). San Dl?go and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angejes tvia San Pedro and East
San' Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crus. Mon-
terey San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford tSaa
Louis Oblspo). Ventura snd Huen»me\
Bonita. 0 a.' m.. June 16. 24. July 2.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. June 2<>. 2S. July 9.
For Ensenada. Magdalcna Bay. San Jo«» del
Cabo, Maxat'.an. Aitata. La Pai. Santa Hn~
salla, Guaymas <Mex.>. • \i* . m.. 7th each mo.
ALASXA EXCURSIONS, Season 19O4 — Th«
palatial excurston steamship Srokana will
feav e Taccma. Seattle and Victoria July 5, 19.
Aug ", 18-
For further information obtain foM«»r. Right
Is reserved to chance steamer" or sailing date*. ¦
TICKET OrXICXSS — i New Montirom-
ery st 4PaIacp Hotel >. 10 Market s>t.. and Broad-
way wharves. Preijrtit Offlce. 10 Market yt.
C D DUNNAN, General "Passenger Agent,
* * 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
o, /?- <& /v. co.
COLUMBIA sails June 18. 26. July «, IS anil
•6 GEO. W. ELDER sails June 21. July I.
ll" 21 and 31. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND OR., and short rail llne^rom Portland
to all potnta East. Through tickets to all
points. Steamer tickets include berth and
rn»als. Steamer sails foct of Spear st. at II
am S. K. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. I
Montgomery bU; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent
Freight P»pt.. 3 Montgomery st.
qccaBics^.co.i«K;H
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. June 23. 11 am.
a.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a-.m.
6. 8. SIERRA, for Honolulu, s?amoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. July 7. 2 p. m.
I.D.SPRECHLS k BEQi Ca.Alti.TlClJl 022 511 ill-
iei FrsizHt oacjiomriuit.. rt-irf.iY.it: .:.
tOMPACmZ 0INXSAL2 TKAN3ATLAXTI5C-I
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j^»»»
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <JT jt-j-jj
gaturday. at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. ¦«*<'4 > 3Ls >
North River, foot of. Morton st.
First class to Havre, $70 and \lpward. Second
cla«s to Ifcvre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA^ 32 Broadway (Hudson building*.
New York. J. F. FUGAZ1 * CO.. Pacific Coast
Aeentf. 3 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold l:y all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To TJ. 8. Navy Tard And Vallejo.
BTMRS. GEN. FR1SBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW— 9:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon, 3:15 P.
M.. 6:00 P. SI- 8i3O P. M. «es. Sunday);
Sundays 9:43 A. M.. 8:30 P. 11. Leave Val-
lejo 7:00 A. M.. 9:00 A. M.. 12:3O NOON.
8:15 P. M., C:0O P. M. (ex. Sunday); Sun-
days 7:00 A. M.. 4:15 P. M. Landing and.
office. Pier 2. foot Mission st. l'honj Mam
1108. HATCH BROS.
To U. S. Xavy Yard ami Vallejtx
Etmr. II. J. Corcoran — Leaves 6. F.. foot ot
Clay st.. north end of ferry bldg. — Wtek days.
9U» A. M.. 3 and *S P. M.; Sumlaya. »:.ia
A. M., 8 P. M. Leave Valtejo — Week days
6:50 A. »!., 12:20 and 5:00 P. M.; Sundays &
P. M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rates.
Sundars to Vallejo. Glen Corp and Martinez
60o roend trip. PIPER. ADEN GOODAXjl
CO , pfcona Mala «U. »Satttrday except«4.
DIVIDE*!) .XOTICES. j
DIvTd^ND^NOTICF:— han Francisco and Fub-
-.:rtan Home BalMtat Society, fifth r i
Mutucl favlcga Bank building. 708 Market
rt.. opposite Third— Far the half year rnd-
Ptng Jur.c 80. 13f4. n dividend >:a* been <Je-
< - »-e<J at the r«t* 7>er annum of ten »10) !*-r I
• er.t on <aj,i:s.l t-took nr.d participating cer- |
tiflcav* free Trcm taxes', payable on an-i .
a!:er Friday. July 1. 1904.
JOPHPH A. LEONARD. Manager. i
HUGH CitUti. Secretary and Cashier. j
DIX'IDEVD JCotloe: California Safe Deposit j
and Trcrt Company, corner CaUfornla and j
Mortsonioy tt*.— For the fix months ending j
June UO I'.KH <Jivi'!ends have been declared j
e.n deposit* l»*tbe B&rlagi department of this .
roBiparv ::s follow?: <Jn term deposits, at i
the rf.tfC' "• (i-i'J per r"" r annum, and on
ordinary dements ct the rate of 3 per cent
1>ct snnutr.. to* of :5xe? and payable on and ¦
after Frldry. .luly 1. iMi. ¦¦ • '.-:
J. n.VL^nr.L BROWN. Manager..
Tin; Continental Buildirs and Loan Aaaocia- |
tlon. corner cf CaMfornia and Battery streets,
tan Ftsuclsco. has declared a dividend of j
s per Tt.t i«-r acr.um on Cla*s "A" and
*"F" »tock. 0 per crent on term deposits and-
5 per crnt on ordinary deposits, for the sir*
months ending Jun*- 30. 19M.
VCAFHINiiTON DOL'GE. President.
WILLIAM < OIOJIN. Sec. & O>n. Mgr.
riVTDEND Notice: San Francisco Ravings
I'nton f?2 California St.. corner Webb. —
For th» hclf ftax en<lir!g wltii the 3"th of
Jen* 1901. a <iivi»5"Tid has been declared at
the rate per aaama cf three snd one-half j
«;;»4> per cent en term deposits and thre« (3) |
P*r c*nt on or<Hnar< dTosit*. fre» of taxes, j
•ivti.f on and aft^r J-jly 1. 1904. !
LOVCX.L WHITE. Cashier. \
DIVIDEND Notice: The German Savings and
I>car. Society, f.26 Calircrnla st.— For the half
year rndivig June CO. I3G4. a dividend has
b»en declared at t!-.e rate of three and one-
quarter '.¦>!») per cent per annum on all cp-
I>o«!ts free of taxes payable on and after
Friday. July 1. 1904.
GEORGE TOURNET. SecreUry.
DIvrDEND Notice: Mechanics' Savings B&nS.
¦ecUnract corner Bush and Montgomery sts.
— For the half year ending v.ith June 30.
:!>04. * (JIvlder.d 1'as bcrn declared at the
ritt'of three and one-nuarter (.T,i) Ptt cent
|.>»r annum on cli deposits, free of taxe*. pay-
able oa end after Friday July 1. 19(H.
FREDERICK M. CLARK. Cashier.
VQXWBSB KOTTCE: Mutual Pavings Bank
of han Francisco, 710 Market St. — For the
half .»enr 'mJing June 30. 1904. a dividend
"-.as b<-en d?olared at the rate of three and
r.«-qu»rter i."'«t r>-r cent f*r annum on all
-i*poi!ts. free of tuxes, payable on and after
Friday. July I. lftf*.-
GEO. A. STORY. Cashier. '
DIXTDEJCD Notice: Humboldt Psvlnjrs Bank.
!»> Geary st. — For the half year ending June
:<*» a dividend on deposits has b*cn declared |
;.i the rate of .{'4 per e-ent per annual, free j
et taxes, payable on and arter July 1. 1904.
W. F.. PALMER. Cashier.
¦DIVIDEND Not i<-e- -Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery st.. corner Sutter. has d*-
.-'ar^J u <J!vid*nd far tlj" term ending Jane 1
Sit. IPO*, at the rate of three and one-quarter j
. ;%t per cent per annum on all deposits, free j
o? t«\cs trd pavable "n snd aft«»r July 1,
1J»<>4. CYBL'S W. CARMAN'r. Cashier. \
PKOPO»A»,S. I
PROPO5ALE for clothing and equipage. Depot I
Quartern. aster's office. ::6 New Montgomery j
•t., fan Francisco. California. June 13. 1904 ]
— tealcd projjv^iale. in triplicate, will be re- |
ifi.nj at this <J, r fi<re until 10 o'clock a. m..
Xoodar. June 27. 1901. Pacirie Standard Tin-.o.
pn4 '.ii*-u opene.1 fnr furnishing at either the
I'Vilad«-lphia. Boston. Chicago cr Fan Fran- I
1 :5'^> depots: Pajamas. Buckskin Gauntlets", ]
«:iian;bray Shirts. Mattresses. Pillows. Pil-
'ow Cases. BedsheetF. Mosquito Bars and
Trumpets. AH to conform to standards and ;
i-petifl'-atlons. Quantities to !>•> subject to an i
increase of If* per cent, if desired by the de-
partment. Preference will be given to srtl- ,
etes of domestic production and manufacture, j
conditions of price and quality being equal ,
till' iti'lini. in tlie price ot loreign production |
and nianufa<*tur* the duty th»reon). and sueh ;
prefereiic will be given to articles of Amer- [
i-a'i production and manufacture produced '
en the Pacific Coatt U> the extent of the con-
fi]'?ipiica required by the public serxice there. .
The United reserves the tight to ac- i
ixpt or reject any cr all proposals or any I
P«n ;h<-re«.(. Information «'id lilarsks for '¦
p cpo^als will be furtiiahed on application. I
l-"n - - »'."r*s containing proposals will be in- ;
dr>rsed "Pror^sals No. 4»K)5. for Clothing and j
Kauipage." and addre*-s»<i t« Major C. A. !
DEVOL. Quartermaster. U. t;. Army, Depot i
Qu« rtUTJiaster.
pnOFO£AL8 for Ste*m Pump. etc. — Offlce ,
Depot Quartermaster. 36 New Montgomery 1
street, tan Francisco, June 15th. 1804. i
Sealed proposp.16. in trlplictte. subject to |
usual comliticns, will be received here until i
11 o'clock a. m. Satuniaj'. June 25th. laOl, i
snd then opened, for furnishing 1 Steam i
Futap. Pipe cr.d Fittiocs. for Camp Downes '
snd Camp Overton. V. I. Preference will
be -given to articles of domestic production !
and manufacture, condition cf price and ;
quality being equal (including in the price j
of foreign production the duty thereon). The i
U. 6. reserves right to accept or reject j
any or all proposals or any part thereof.
Information and blank proposals furnished '
on application. Envelopes containing pro- j
l-usa'.s to be market "Proposals for Pipe
and Fittings No. 4C50." and addressed to !
Major C. A. Devol. Qr. Mr.. U. S. A.
Dep< •. Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for Steam Pumpi etc. — Of flee
Depot Quartermaster, 36 New Montgomery i
street. San Francisco. Cal.. June 15th. 1304.
Scaled proposals. In triplicate, subject to
;:?ual conditions, will be received here until
11 o'clock, a. m.. Saturday. June 25th. 1904 j
and then opened, for furnishing 1 Steam 1
Pump. Pipe and Fittings for Lucena, P. I. !
Preference will be given for articles of do- *
tnestic production an>] manufacture, condi- I
tlons cf price and quality being equal (in- i
eluding In the price cf foreign production
*ihe duty thereon.) The U. S. reserves right
to accept any or all proposals or any part i
thereof. Information and blank proposals
furnished on application. Envelopes con- !
<«inlng proposals to be marked "Proposals ¦
for Steam Tump. etc.. No. 4C51." and ad- i
<Jreseed to Major C. A. Devol. Qr. Mr.. U. '
6. A.. Depot Quartermaster. / * j
RATXOJCS for United States Marine Corps.—
Headquarters U. S. Marine Corps, Quarter-
* master's Office. Washington. D. C. June 11
1»W.— .Scaled proposals, in duplicate, will be !
rwrlved in this office until noon on July 11 j
irf4. and then be publicly opened, for fur-
ni>-h!ng rations at San Francisco, Cal., Mare 1
Island. CaL, and Bremerton, Wash., during |
the fiscal year ending June SO, 1905. Pro- !
posal blanks and other Information can be j
obtained upon application to this offlce. "the i
assistant quartermaster, U. S. Marine Corps. !
Rlaito building. San Francisco, Cal.. or the j
comnvandtng offirers of the barracks at the i
rtations named. This office reserves the right i
to reject any or all bids and to waive in- I
forms llties. Bids from regular dealers enly
will be oon?;dtr»d. F. L. DENNY. Colonel,
QuartTtr.aster. V. S. Marine Corps.
TIAVX ~
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment;
booklet mailed free; correspondence Invited.
X'lAVI CO.. ZX4 Van Ness ave.
SPECIALISTS.
CATAURH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR3
pssltlvely cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
•r«~nl free. Dr. CottlnRham. 2W Sutter et.
»Tt TTERI\ G A *^_ STA MMEIIIN G.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness. & Market
i» taught celebrated Mflbourne syEtem- only
Melbourre in U. 8.: private; established 3
>earr in E. F. Tel. Mint 2628 from 1 to g p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Tbe following marriage licenses were Issued
; - ei,lerday:
Frederick Anderson. 47. 699 Harrison street,
and I>ila For*. 32. 638 Harrison stre*t
Oorgc D»<-lier. «7. Ashland, Ore., and Mary
J. Parker. •"?. £i»won.
• Karl htarck, 2». city, and Ina F. Wilson
Ti. city.
Ernest'* Cararra, 23. 423 Broadway, and
Olestlca PfKlesta. 20. 23 Scott place.
Godfrey j. Custafson, 24, Sacramento and
J'nct Johnson. 24. 2S15 Brodertek street
UwaJ T. Joslln. 21. city, and Mae Maylott.
J T a " Jh .f^T 0^' ~" 2206 Mission street,
tnd Oabrl'-lle J. Manciet, 22, «11 Stockton
Philip I'hillFPa. -«. 2630 Port etreet and
Li Hie Hertir.s, IK, 2.".70 Georj' Etreet
MkhaM Meade. 2J. S8 Chenery street, and
ril-.-«ia brliaefcr. IS. lQir7 York etrcet.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH&
r.irth. marriage and death notices tent by
mail will not be inrtrted. They must be handed '
in at ettw of the publication ofnees and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
rc.*»s> authorizeyl to have the name published
¦Cdlces re«trl<ted fcimply 1* the announcement
of th» ev^ent me publitrbed once In this column
tr*-c of crarge.
Donx.
SULLIVAN— In this city. June 23. 1904. to the
~\Ue of Eugene J. h'ullivan, a daughter. '
WII^ON— In Alamtda, June 1». I9O1. to the I
v.-lfe of A. D Wilson, a daucnter. ' 1
MAKIUEIK ~~~~
RA6CH— LKVY— In this city. June I, 1904, by
the Rev. Dr. Isldor: Myers, B. A.. Joseph
l^tsch «nd Marian Alice Levy, tfoth of this
«-ity.
Bi:iiR— BRODERICK— In this city. June 21,
1904 bv ¦ Justle* of the Peace Alfred n.
Jjiwtfcn.' Paul E. Burr and Cornelia Erod-
nr<'KEH— PAFIKER— In this city. June S3,
ivfAbr the Rev." Dr. • John A. B. WIImii,
George DecV-^r of Ashlsnd, Or*., and Mary
.T. Pork»-r of £lf«on. Cal.
fCKGLANDER— HTMAN— In this cits". June 6,
MOfc fc7 **e Kev. Dr. Isidore Myers, B. A.. !
Harry Enelander and Sarah Hyman, both
of this city.
FREED— HARVIE— In Alameda. June 22.
''JC4, ».y tho Rev. Dr. K. Nelander of. San
Francisco, Clarence Marshall Freed and
n tsic J*an Ilarvle. both of this city.
GILLK'PTi:— GlLLtCTTE— In Alameda. May
! J:*>4. l-y the Rev. William Urandes,
pestor of Chrifct Lutheran -<:hurrh, Charles
; U Oillftte and Cynthes J. Gillette.
; KAHX— MENDELSON— In this city. June 12,
; ?:«U4. by the- Rev. Dr. Isidore Myers, B. A..
1 Kmil Kahn and HarrM Mendelson. both ot
: this cltj-. ¦
KLEIN— PECHNER— In this city, June 19,
1904. by the R«v. Dr. Isidore Myers. B. A..
Henry Klein of I>is Ant-eles end Cecilia
How Pechnrn of this city.
j LEVY— CARILLON— In this city. June IK,
• 1904. by the Hev. Dr. Isidore Myers, B. A.,
I Julius Levy and Clara Carillon, both- of this
! city.
HOSES— FLLISHER— Ip thl.x rity. May 15,
V.hm. by the Rev. Dr. I.«idcre Myers,. B. A..
I/"iii.-- Moses and Kanny Fieista-r, both of
| this citj-.
ROTHCHILD— EICHHORX— In thin city. June
! 14. 19O4, by the Rev. Isidore Myers. B. A..
Adolph Rothchlld and Nelle Elchhorn. both .
of this city.
THACKP.AY— WOBBER—In this city, June
18. J'.*04. by the Kev. William Brandes, pas-
tor nf Christ Lutheran Church, Alameda.
Edwin A. Thaelcray ami Mamie G. Wobber. ,
TROILI— LEE— In this city. June 20, 190», by
the Kev. Mr. B. Xfiandtr, pastor of the First
English Lutheran Church. Uno S. Trolll of ,
ATiUieda and Hepsle Ida Lee of this city. |
Yui;X<;— PRESLEY— In this city. June 22,
U>04. at th? MIznah Presbyterian Church.
by the Rpv. Fr dericU A. Doane, John Young
Riid Lydia J. Presley, both of this city.
__ __
Bates, George Ray, Ida May
. Brennan, Mary Reed. Harold ii.
Deraond. Samuel Reed. Jennie Faith '
I E»tey, Thomas H. Rowley, Henry A.
Free, Elizabeth Schisler, John
Gorman. Richard F. Sehabiague, Mrs. J.
Green. Jacob JShaney. I-aurence
Johnson. Albert Shaw. Alice F.
Kallstrom. Rosanna Smith. Frank M.
Ixjoiiey, Cornelius Smith. Leonard F.
Murphy, Eleanor G. Sweeney, Mary
O'Neil. Capt. Thot. Wagner. Julius
Patton. Edward L. Williams. Lilly May
Pence. Etta C. • Yogis, John -
BATES— In Santa Cruz, June 21, 1904, George
Bates, M. A.\ Cambridge University. Eng-
»f.nd. founder of University School, 2310
• Clay street. San Francisco, and late of the
Berkeley Gymi:a.'ium.
Cfr'iiends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral services ]
. Friday. June 24, at 2 o'clock, at the chapel |
of the Cr»n:atorinTn. Odd Fellows' Cemetery, j
Kan Francisco. j
BRENNAN— In this city. June 22, 19CM, Mary,
lelovtd wife of Joi>n Bvennen. and mother
of Marr. LJzzle, Thomas, Michael. Edwar.l \
and the late William Brennan, a native of j
Ireland, ajtr'-d S3 years. ;
Et7"Frio:id« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, tlie funeral to-day |
• Friday*, at 8:00 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 211 Fillmore street, thence to Sacred j
• Ifart Church, where e. reo.ui"m mops will ;
be celebrated for the 1 repore of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Ot reeUry. • j
DEMOND-In tli- City and County Hospital,
June 23. I9O4. Pamuel Dcmond. a native of
Italy, aged 5:. years.
ESTEY— In Petaluma. Cal., June 23. 1904,
Thomas Hinklev Kstey, a native of Sharon,
Mas;., aged 77 years.
Cv" Funeral e-er vices at Odd Fellows' Hall,
Fan Rafael, Saturday, 2Mh Inst., at 11
o'clock.
FHEK-In this city, June 22. 1904. Elizabeth,
wife of William S. Free, and mother of Mrs.
John Mi-T..-«.n and Albert R. IMce. a native
cf niizabethtown. Hardln County, Kentucky,
aged 7i» years 7 months and 25 days.
ILyServiofs will be held to-day (.Fri-
day). June J4, at 1 :.X0 o'clock, at her late
residence. 7M Uak street, between Fillmore
and tiKiiier. Interment private. I
GORMAN- In this oil;., June 22. 1004. Richard j
I". Gorrr.an. brlo\ed eon of Margaret Gor- !
man. btloved husband of th» late Margaret
<;->rrnsn, father of David A. Gorman, and
brother of M. J.. Elizabeth A.. Cetherlne
TV and D. J. Gorman, a native of Boston, i
Mwf,
C7"The fun»ral will tak» place Friday i
morning, Jun» 24. at 9 o'clock, from his late j
r»F|.5enc^. S^l Grove street, thence to Sraored •
H*art Church, whrre a requiem high mass :
will b- celebrated for the repose of his eoul j
at 9-jm o'clock. Interment private. Kindly j
omit Bowers
GREEN— In this city. June 23, 1WM. Jacob. I
b-lovcd husband of Marlauna Gr«"»n, and :
father of David 15. and Simon Green, a na- j
ti\e of Pliusk, Hussia, aged 74 years 11 j
months and '-7 days. I
ICTFri'ndts and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral this ds>' t
(Friday/. June 24. at 10 o'clock, from his
late residence, 736 Franklin etreet, between
Golden Gate avenue and Turk street, thence
by 11:30 o'clock train to New Salem Ceme- j
Ury for Interment.
JOHNSON— In Alameda. June 23. 1904. Albert !
Johnson, beloved husband of Mary A. John- i
son. and father of May Johnuon, and step- j
fath?r of Annie Mullen, a native of Sweden,
aged 02 years. . j
C7Friendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Bundajr, June 26, at 1 o'clock at his late
residence, 1431 Sherman etreet, under the aus- I
pices of West End Lodee No. 175, A. O. !
L\ W. Interment Mountain View Cemetery. |
KALLSTROM— In "this city. June 21. 1904,
Hosanna. <Jearlv "beloved widow of the late :
Captain Herman Kallstrom, and beloved
mother of Cautuln Charles Ii. Kallstrom of
Seattle. Herman F., George W.. E. Ben,
Frank F. and Hattle Kallstrom. Mrs. Louise '
Eckhardt and Mrs. Liilie Meyers, and sister
of Kate English of Stockton, and the late .
Mary Olson and Margaret O'Conncll, a na- .
live of Dundalk. County Louth. Ireland, aged ,
C6 years. (Seattle papers please copy.) ,
CTFriends and acquaintance* are respect- i
fully lnvUed to attend th» funeral Sunday, [
June 26. at I o'clock, from her late residence,
1715 Jones .Etreet, thence to St. Brlgld'e
Church for ¦ services, commencini at 1:00
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. A
reuiem hi«h mass will b<; celebrated for the |
ropes- of her soul at St. Brlgid'B Church :
Monday. June 27, at*9_o'clock. Friond3 and
acquaintances arc reitJcctfully invited.
LOONEY— In this city, June 23. 1904. Corne-
itu» Looncy, loving son of Jeremiah and :
Julia Lconey, and devoted brother of John, i
J«-re and Mary Looney and Mrs. R. O'Con- I
nor. a native of Smartsville, Cal.
G7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday*, at 9:15 o'clock, from th» resi- I
j denoe of his parents. r»C2 Minna street, thence |
to St. Patrick's Church, where a. requiem
high mas3 will be celebrated for th» repose of i
hlb roul. commencing at 9:45 o'clock'. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
| MURPHY— In this city, .lunc 23. 1904, Eleanor I
i Gertrude Murphy, daughter of Michael and I
Emma Murphy, a native of San Francisco, |
j aged 11 months. - - j
j B^Tho funeral will take- place- to-day i
from 782 Stevenson street. Interment Holy
Crons Cemetery.
O'NEIL— In this tlty. June 21. 1904. Captain !
Thomas O'Neil. loving father of Mrs. J. H.
Coutln*. Mrs. W. F. Hogan and Peter and
Thomas O'Neil, and brother of Edw. O'Neil,
a native of Ireland, aged 75 years. A mem- j
bcrtif Kxempt Firemen.
CTThe funeral will "lake- place to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock.- from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy
street, thence to Holy Cross Cemetery for
interment, via electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
PATTON— In this city. June 23, 1904, Edward
I-rfiur'-iicc, beloved son of John and the late
Jorephine M. 1'atton. and grandson of Mrs.
<*hrifrtine Anderson and Mrs. Margaret
Fatton. a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months and 9 ilayn.
PKXCE— In thi« i-lty. June 23. 1904, Etta C,
beloved wife of Omrr M. Pence, and mother
cf On.er A. Pence, and daughter of Augustus
and Catherine Williams, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1*2 y*>ars*2 months and 8
days.
trXFriends and acquaintances exe respect-
fully invited to attend th<» funeral to-morrow
(Saturday). June 25. at 10:30 o'clock, from
the uarlom of II. K. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mis-
sion strert. Ivtwewi Seventh and Eighth, j
Interment Mount Ollv-ft Cemetery. -
RAT— In this city. Jun» 2"., 1904, Ida May,
dearly beloved wife* of Samuel A. Ray. arid
daughter of Nancy Olive. Lynn, a native of
California, aged ,T3 rears 4 months and l
days. '
REEIV- In this city. June 23, 1904, cf diph-
theria. Harold M. t beloved Bon of Harold C.
end Maren D. Reed, and brother of Jomont
• G. and Myrtle J. Reed, a native of Na-
naimo. B. C. aged 5 years arW 4 months.
KKED- In Oakland. June 23. 1904, Jennie
Faith Reed, beloved daughter of A. P. and
Aria M. Heed, and sister of Grace. Mary
and* Anna Reed, a native of Ohio, aared 1;J
yearn 7 months and 6 days.
ItOWLET— In Paeheco. Contra Costa County.
Judo 23, 1904. Henry A. Rowley, heloved
husband of Helen Rowley, and brother cf
I-Yank A. Rowley, and father of Mrs. W.
Oorham of Sacramento, Jessie Rowley of
Paohc-o. Frank II. Rowley of Sacramento
and Mrs. T. Frankland of Sacramento, a
native of Xew York, aged 71 years.
E7"Th'» funeral will take place Saturday,
June 25. at 2 o'clock, from the family r*«l-
dencc. Paeheco. under the auspices of Pa-
eheco Lodge No. 117, I. O. O. F. . Interment
Paeheco Cemetery.
SCHISLER— In this city. June" 22. 1904. John
Schlslcr. a native of Austria. A member of
the Barbers' Protective Union.
CT Remains at the funeral parlors of th?
II. K. Maaa* Company, 917 Mission street.
SEHABIAGUE— In this city. June 23. 1904,
I J.-mephlne. beloved molhfr of Michel ¦ He ha-
blague, -¦ and ' mother of Marie. Hehabiasue.
HENRY J. CAULAQHEnf CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher. '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
£0 Fifth tu, opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED^ UNDERTAKERS.
——Funeral Directors and Embalmers — ¦— .
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at 8W5 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth St.
Finest Equipments at Moderate rates.
and sister of Franceses. Leon, Pablo and
Francesco Yparragulrre. and slsUr-in-law of
Mrs. Francisco Mrs. Leon. Mrs. Francisco
Yparragulrre. Mr. and Mra J. Rey.-Mr. and
Mrs. A. Sehablafrue. Thomas Sehabiague and
Mr. nnd Mrs. Pallalt, a native of Spain,.
a»?ed 34 rears.
ICTFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 1'li, at 12 o'clock, from her late real-
. tlence, 1703 Hyde street, corner Broadway,
I tlienec to th<? French Church for services,
mmmeni-lng ot 1 o'clock. Interment Holy
'"ross" Cemetery. m
SHANEY— In this city. June 22. 1904, Law-
renoi? Sl-.anev. a native of Ire-land, aced 70
years. A member of Riggers' ftpd Steve-
dores' Union, Local No. U22. —
E7Not!ce of funeral hereafter. Remains
j at narlors of Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mls-
' sion etreet.
SHAW— In this 'city. June 23. 1904, Alice F.,
i beloved v,-|fe of Lee W. Shaw, and mother of
Raymond S. Shar.% and daughter of Mr. aiid
Mrs. C. W. Rust, and loving sister »f Joseph
Rust. Mrs. E. Urcnt and Mrs. F. Woods, a
I native of Kansas. .
SMITH— In Honolulu. June 9. 1904. Vrank M.,
| beloved husband of Mrs. F. M. Smith, and
father of Alice and Krank Smith of Fifth
avenue, this city, agtd 45 years.
' CyFr'ends and acquaintances are Invited
I to attend the funeral services at Odd .Fel-
i lows' Cemetery, on Friday, June 24. at 3
i o'clock.
j SMITH— In this city. June 22. 1901. Leonard
I J-\, beloved husband of Maria D. Smith, a
native of Pennsylvania, oged SI years) 1
month and 10 days. (Honolulu papers please
copy.)
EJ'Frlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of James A. GarfielU Post. G. A. R..
CSarfleld Relief Corns No. 21. Lincoln Relict
Corps No. 3 and Seven Pines Circle No. 3.
Ladies of the G. A. R. are respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral services Sunday,
June 26, at 1:SO o'clock, at Alcazar building,
114 O'Farr;ll etreet. Interment National ',
s Cemetsry, Presidio. Please omit flowers.
fiWEENEX— In this city. June 22. 1904/ Mary !
Sweeney, beloved daughter of Annie and Cor- i
nelluu Sweeney and sister of Leon Sweeney, I
and granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. John j
Hurscn, a native of San Francisco, aeed 1 !
year 7 months and 1 day. |
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day '
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her late rest-
dence, St-'1O Buchanan street, between Lom-» I
bard end Greenwich. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WAGNER— In this city. June 23, 1904, Julius
AVagner. beloved husband of Bertha Wagner. !
a native of Brandenburg, Germany, aged 44 j
¦ years 1 month and 10 days. :
¦WILLIAMS— In' this city. June 21. 1904, Lilly !
May Williams, beloved daughter .of Henry '
L. and Katie Williams, and beloved sister of !
Gecrp^ Warren . and Dean Williams, and !
Mrs. Lnn Moore and Mrs. Walt Eddy of Eu- ]
gfn». Ore., a native of California, aged 18
years 4 mouths and 18 days.
FTTriends acJ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day ;
(Friday). June 24. at 1:15 o'clock, from the :
parlors of Gantner Bros.. 1209 Mission street, i
between Eighth and Ninth, thence to the i
Mertiodl?t Episcopal Church South, on Bush i
street, between Gongh and Octavia, for
services, commencing at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment Cycress Lawn Cemetery.
YOGIS— In the City find County Hcspltal,
Tone 22, 1904.. John Yogis, a native of New-
York, aged IS years.
CARDS OF THANKS.
To our many friends, whose sympathy and
klnrtnfM were ours In our recent bereave-
ment, we extend our heartfelt thanks.
J. H. J. SETDEN AND FAMILY.'
Mrs. Fritz Elsele wishes to express her
many thanks to her many friends for kind-
ness durinc her recent bereavement.Copper also ruled firmer In London, closin*
at £56 16s for spot And futures. Locally prices
were steady and unchanged. Lake, $12 6249
12 73: electrolytic, $12 60<3 l 12 624; casting.
$12 124612 23. . :.;•--? •¦"'¦
Lead was unchanged at $4 2O54 30 In the lo
cal market, but Was a shade higher In Lon
don, where It closed at £11 8s Od.
Spelter was alao unchanged here at $4 759
4 874 and higher In London, where the closing
price was £22. • . -• .
.Iron closed at Sis 3d iti " Glasgow and at 42a
IC'/jd , in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was ¦ un
changed. No. 1. foundry, .Northern. $14 50®
15; !Jo.- 2 roundry, Northern, $13 75QU 25; Ho %
NEW YORK, June 23.'— The London tin mar
ket took a sharp upward turn to-day an a re
sult. . It was reported, of- bull manipulation.'
and closed at £110 2s Bd for spot and £118 17s
for futures. The local market, affected by the
advance abroad; also showed firmness, closing
at$26<&20_3. .-, ¦
New York Metal Market.
„ The' different descriptions under this head
continue quiet, with both wholesalers and re
tailers complaining of the general dullness.
The large receivers of Butter continue to store
what stock they cannot work off to the trade.
Cheese brings 9c, If It Is strictly choice mild
new. and such stock is in moderate supply,
but. there is still plenty of cheap Cheese on
the market. S ¦
Eggs are quiet.. Even fine ranch are slow,
and the retailers are trying to get the quota
tions down to a point where they can retail
at 25c again, in hopes that the reduction will
stimulate the lagging trade. A significant
feature in this connection is that some Santa
Rosa shippers, who have been shipping direct
to • retailers are now sending their Eega in
to the commission men again, showing- that
the 'retailers are carrying larger stock* than
they desire. All handlers have large piles on
their floors, but prices remain unchanged. '
Receipts were 50.800 lbs Butter. 1404 cases
Eggs and "31,700 lbs Cheese. .
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 184819a
for extras and 174018c for firsts; dairy, 160
174c; etore Butter, l?tfl5c; cold storage, nom
inal. --•¦.' . .
CHEESE— 8480c for choice mild new and
7®74c for lower (trades; Ycung Americas, »©
»4c; Eastern. 124©14c; Western. ll©12c
, Pe EGGS— Ranch. 2O®22H for fair ,to choice;
store, 16<frl!le: Eastern. 19920c for* firsts and
164®18c for seconds.
Butler, Cheese and Eggs.
BAGS — Grain bags, 54c; San Quentin.
S3 40; Wool Bags. 32S35c; Fleece Twine.
7C8c.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; New Welling
ton $8: Seattle., $9 60; Bryant. $6 30: Beaver
Hill. $5 50; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7: jCooa
Bay, $3 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 60; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh .Anthracite Egg. »i3; Welsh Lump
$11 50^ Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 SO0W
per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; RockyMoun
tain descriptions, $11 43 per 2000 lbs and $13 80
per lone; ton, according to brand.
.OILS— Quotations are for barrels; tor eases
add 6c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor OIL in cases. No. l.-70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10f?l 12: Lucol. 45c
for boiled and 43c for raw; China.
Nut, cases. 624680c per eallon. Co
coanut Oil. in barrels, 68c for Ceylon and 55e
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
OU 68c: natural winter Sperm Oil, 63c: extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c; natural Whale
OU. 52;; extra winter strained Lard Oil.. 73c;
No 1 Lard Oil, 65e; pure Neatsfcot Oil. 73c;
No! 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c; light Herring; Oil.
42c; dark Herring OU 40c; Salmon Oil, 34c:
boiled Fish Oil, 37c; raw Fish OU. 35c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c
COAL OIL— Water 1 White Coal Oil. In bulk.
134c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral, 2Oc;
Star. 20c; Extra' Star. 24c; ¦ Elaine. 2tic;
Eocene. ZSc; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 16c; In- cases. 224c; Benzine. In bulk.
13c; in cases. 194c; -86-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 2oc; in cases.- 31c - - — ...
: TURPENTINE — Sic per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7U©
"fce per lb; White Lead. 7*497£e. accordin*
to quantity. - . .
•SUGAR — The Western Sufar Refining Com*
piny quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.95c:
Powdered. ' 6.8Oe; Candy Granulated. ¦ 5.80c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.70c; X>rj Granulated, coarse.
General Merchandise.
Mexican dollars, after a long period of stag
nation, have recently shown more life and are
now in good demand for Oriental shipment,
as It is reported that the Japanese want them
for use In Manchuria. This would explain the
heavy shipment of $1,270,000 to Kobe by the
Coptic on Wednesday. Quotations are con
siderably higher.
. Variations ..in ..Exchange yesterday were
' 11ShU LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 89
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 80
New York Exchange, eight...... » — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 124
Sliver, per ounc* — 65%
Mexican Dollars 484 9 47
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico ....."..'.¦......•..... .214
Berlin on London 20.40
Parts on London 23.1S4
Wheat and Other Grains.
-WHEAT — All markets. . American* and- for
eign, were quiet and featureless yesterday.
The feeling here continued easy, -with sellers
disposed to meet buyers.
CASH WHEAT. .
California Club, $1 274®1 324; California.
White Australian, $1 52401 574: Northern
Club. $1 3Ot?i 35; Northern Bluestem, II 60
©1 63 per ctl.
FUTURES. . .
- Session 9 to 11:30 a, m.ltf#fij§&
¦ . Open. High. 'Tjow.'s Close.
December ...$1 -•»» $1 -7?i $1 264 $1 2u» 8
2 p. ¦ m. '. Session. * '
December---$1 20%. , ...
BARLEY-^-Casn Feed 'was a fraction lower
and weak, with buyers holding off and trade*
dull. - The. December option was also lower on
anticipated, large receipts ,- f ram tbe Interior i
next week, and sales . were larse ua this ac- '
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
SEATTLE. June 23. — - Clearings. $827,842:
balances. $159,414. ...
TACOMA, June 23. — Clearings, $254,602!
balances. $308,321.
PORTLAND. June 23.— Clearings, $451,457;
balances, $39,762.
SPOKANE, June 23. — Clearings, $305,906;
balances, $29.0U4. -. :
Northern Business.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14615c per lb;
Geese, per pair $1 257/1 50; Goslings. $1 5092:
Ducks. $404 50 per dozen for old and
$4 60@5 tax young; Hens. $5@6 ¦ for
large and $4g4 50 for small: young Roosters,
$7 60©9; old Roosters. *4<g5; Fryers. $6®
6 60: Broiler*. $3@4 for large and $2 23S2 50
for frrm.ll: Pigeons. $1 60 per dozen for old and
|1 3001 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hartf. $1 50 per dozen; Rabbits.
$176@2 for Cottontails . and $1 per dcxen for
brush. t
The Poultry market was very much depressed
for everything except large young Roosters and
Fryers, which formed but a very email per
centage of the supplies. A car of Western
Hens, which had been standing on the track
across the bay, was brought into an already
overstocked market and met with a sluggish
demand.
Poultry and Game.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. - June 23.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 69c; bluestem. 77c; valley, 7Sc
Northern Wheat Market.
PEACHES— Were steady, with, choice "held
at 7©7%c; extra choice, 74<gSc; fancy, 94
fflOc •
8UGAR — Raw and refined, firm; No. 6, 4.95c;
No. 7. 4.45c; No. 8, 4.45c; No. 9, 4.40c; No.
10, 4.35c; No. 11, 4.30c;No. 12, 4.25c; No. 13,
4.20c; No. 14. 4.15c; confectioners' A, 4.80c:
mold A, 5.30c: cut loaf. 5.C5c; crushed. B.eSc;
powdered, 0.05c; granulated, 4.95c; "cubes,
5.20c.
BUTTER — Common to extra, 13©lSc: State,
dairy creamery, common to extra, 13fil7c
CHEESE— Easy.
EGOS— Western extra, 174©18c; firsts,
164317c."
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market . Is
quiet and- unchanged. Common are quoted at
4&5>/ t a; prime. C»4@5%c; choice, 6®<i4c:
fancy. 7c. :
PRUNES— Unsettled as to futures with
Santa Clara stock for October shipment report
ed sold on a 2-cent basts f. o. b. although
here holders ar# asking 24c and some - as
hirh ns 2'4c. Spot prunes unchanged and
quiet at-2*ic to 5>ie, according to grade ".
APRICOTS— Are quiet and unchanged, 'with
choice quoted at 74@10c; extra choice, 10*10
104c: fancy, Iiel3c. .. :
COFFEE — Futures closed steady and un
changed; tales, 4»,500 bags; July. 6.75^5. 80c;
September, tic; October, 6.10®«.15c: December.
6.-';t>c: January, G.35c: May 6.60c; 'March
6.75c. . . .:• •. . . .
PETROLEUM--Easy.
WOOL — Steady
WHEAT— Receipts. 30.000 bushels; exports.
SOOO bushels; spot, firm; No. 2 red, elevator
nominal, and $1 OS f. o. b afloat; No. 1 Northm
en- Duiuth, SI 014; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
nominal, f. o. ¦ b. afloat. Options displayed
nctabie strength most of the day. Influenced
early by strong- cables, but near the close
prices weakened under realizing and were
finally net unchanged.' July closed at S»4c;
September. 84 4c; December, 84 «c.
HOPS — Quiet.
NEW YORK, June 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20.900 barrels; export*. fiCOO barrels; market
dull. larse arrivals checking demand.
Neiv York Grain and Produce.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco. less SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 74684c: Cows and Hetf
ers 6497c; thin Cows. 4^5c per Ib.
CALVES — *£44c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 314634c; Ewes, 2*;«3c
per lb fgrosa weight).
LAMBS— $2 25G2 60 per head.
HOGS — Live Hoss. 140 to 200 lbs. 4»;«5c;
200 to 250 lbs. 44c;. over 25O lbs, 4<4c; soft
Hoga. nominal; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars.
60 per cent off. and Slags. 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF— 6®7c for Steers and 6€$c per Ib
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 74@S4c; small. 8@S4o per
pound.
MUTTON— Wether?, 7465c; Ewes. 6487c
per Ib. : .-,
LAMB— 839c per lb. •
PORK— Dres>>ed Hogs. 64334c p«r lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Packers and butchers report conditions un
changed, with a quiet market. Mutton. Veal
and Limb rule firm, while Hogs continue in
light demand.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept.
Opening ..6 24 6 3>i
Closing e2!i 6 3>i
PARI8.
Wheat — . June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 19 85 19 65
Closing 19 70 19 70
Flour — ¦
Opening 27 OS 26 95
Closing 27 15 26 85
Foreign Futures.
NEW TORK, June 23.— COTTON— Futures
opened steady. July. 10.50c; August, 10 46c-
September. 9.70c; October. 9.55c; December
9.55c; January, 9.55c.
Spot closed quiet. 30 points lower. Middling
uplands. 10.95c; middling gulf, 11.20c. Sales
200 bales.
Futures closed quiet. June, 10 20c- July
10.38c; August. 10.29c; September, 9.64c; Oc
tober. 0.49c; November. 9.43c; December 9.48c-
January, 9.49c. " '
Nezv York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON, June 23. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows- Avail
able cash balance, $163,633,517; gold $64 tto -
Condition of the Treasury.
ONIONS — Australian Yellow, nominal; new
Red. 70@S5c per sack; new Sllversklns, $1 25®
1 60 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, $1 5<V&2 50 per
sack or crate; Asparagus. 8^7c per lb; Rhu
barb, 50660c per box; Green Peas, $2@2 50 per.
sack; Garden Peas, 4@5c per lb; String and
W_x Beans, 4&5c p«*r lb: Tomatoes.' $HH 50
per box or crate for Los Angeles and $1 25 for
Mississippi: Summer Squash. Jlijl 25 for
small and $1 75@2.for large boxes: Cabbage.
$1 per ctl: Carrots, $1 per sack: Cucumbers.
tsOig'Se per box for Marj'svtllc and $1 50fll 75
for bay: Garlic, 4£f5c per lb; Egg Plant. sgiOc
per lb: Dried Peppers, S@10c for sun-dried and
12461-Tc per lb for evaporated; Dried Okra,
124615c per lb; Green Peppers. 124c per lb
for CUile and 20c for Bell; Marrowfat Squash,
jobbing at l%#2c per-lb.
There was continued firmness In new Pota
toes, as, in addition to the regular demand
for local consumption, there was a steady call
for shipment to Puset Sound ports and Hono
lulu. Ttw general run of fancy stock cleaned
up qutckly at or near the top quotations, and
one small lot of whites sold on the wharf at
$2 10 per cental. Replcked lots of old crop
Burbanks moved off well, but stock In original
packages was dull. The Oregon steamer
brought down 13S0 sacks. New Onions were
plentiful but steady at previously quoted rates.
Mississippi Tomatoes were pretty well
cleaned up and receipts s from the Los Angeles
region were very light for reasons already men
tioned and prices were higher all around. Rhu
barb met with a sluggish demand and dragged
at sharply reduced rates. Peas, Beaiis, Green
Peppers and Summer Squash were firm, while
Green Corn and Cucumbers were inclined to
easiness. Green Okra from Stockton sold at
30c per pnund. ,<
POTATOES — New White, $1 5O©2 per ctl:
Early Rose. $1 40#l 60 per ctl; Garnet Chiles,
$1 l>f>i(l 60 per ctl; old Oregon Burbanks, |1<9
1 35 per ctl. old river Burbanks 90c@$l per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell |
about '491c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers 94c; medium. 84c; light. 8e; Cow |
Hides. Kc fcr heavy and Sc for light; Stags.
Be: Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf, l»c Sheepskins, shearlings. 25630c each;
short Wool. 40g«5c each: medium. 70@9Cc; long i
Wool, lltn 50; Horse Hides, salt. 12 73 for !
large and f2">i- .".<» for medium. $1 25®1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 5O for medium. *181 23
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American, 30$324c. Goat Skins—
Prime Angoras. 75c; large andi smooth, 50c;
medium. 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4U«44c per Ib;
No. 2. 34©4c; grease, 2463c.
WOOL— Sprinr Clip— Humboldt and Mendo- •
cino 17@19c: San Joaquin and Southern, 12 '
months' 10® 12c; do 7 months', P'allc per lb; j
Middle Counties. 13@17c for free and 12@15o '
for defective: Northern. 16Q1SC for free and i
141?lCc for defective; Nevada, lSgltk. accord- !
Ing to condition.
HOPS — Nominal at 25©274c per lb for Call- |
fornla. 1903.- Contracts for 1904 crop at ¦
174620c are reported. \
Late mail advices from New York say of
Hops: "Telegraphic advices were received
from .California raying that In several counties
In that State the crop had gone back owing to
less favorable weather, and the crop for the
State is now estimated at about the same as
last year. Instead of 10 to 15 per cent larger,
as was recently expected. Reports of too cold
weather In Oregon latterly have also been
received. Locally, there were reports of slightly
more interest belne shown In choice Pacifies;
offerings were small and prices were firmly
maintained. No exports were reported for the
week."
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bill* Is 2 3-l<V52Vi per cnt and for three
months' bills 2H'9"- >! 4 per cent.
Bar jilver— Steady, 25* 4 d j.*r ounce
Mon»y- 2 t>«r cent.
Cons for money.. 90HIN Y' Central 1194
Do for acct..9O 3-lr;|Xor & Western... 574
Anaconda .1»« | Do pfd M)
Atchison 74 " s Ont «fc Weetern... 26"i
Do pfd 9S I Pennsylvania 594
Bait & Ohio S2 T ilRand Mines loU
Can Pacific 1274 Reading ;. «•»?
Ches & Ohio .12 Do 1st pfd 414
Chi Great West.. 14 i Do 2d pfd T.TU
Chi. Mil & St P.147»i!So Railway ".'.'.'.'. '"l2
De Beers 19*,,! Do pfd ffjS
Den & Rio G 21\!.«!o Paciflc 47«
Do pfd 724! Union Pacific :... fio
Erie 1 244| Do pfd «5
Do 1st pfd 7!*4!U S St»el ion
Do 2d pfd 36 i Do pfd ...... r.-ril
111 Central lir> | Wnhash .. 171I
I^ouis & N'a.«h...ll3 1 Do pfd .. 37
M. K it Texas... 17U I Spanish 4s eS'^
London Closing Stocks.
There Is no change to report under this
head. All descriptions continue quiet.
BEANS— Bay os. $'-• 40<S2 55: Pea. $2 9<V33:
Butters, $3; small ' White. $2 85«n 10: lanre
White $2 35©2 60; Pink. $3 4O§3 50; Red,
$4 2564 50; Lima. $3 3O@3 40; Red Kidneys.
$4 75? 5: Glackeye. $2@2 10 per ctl; Horse
Beans. »2g2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. »4 25(?4 50;TeIlow
Mustard. $2 50^3; Flax $1 75@2; Canary,
e^ys^c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 1441116c; Rape.
2S24c; Timothy. 6#64c; Hemp. a4€*c P e r
lb; Millet. 3&34c; Broom Corn Seed, $20^21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Blackeye. $3 per cU; Niles,
$3 25; Green Peas. J,:riJ 23.
Beans and Seeds.
Miscellaneous Markets.
i CHICAGO, June 23. — CATTLE — Receipt*.
; B0O0 head; market slow. Good to prime $5 50
j fe6 50; poor to medium, $4 50^5 4<>; stockers
and feeders, $2 50ti4 50; cows, Jl 5CJM 30;
heifer*. $235 25; oanners". $1 &0@2 CO- bulls,
! »2#4 25; ralves, »2 50® 5 50; Texas fed steers,
I |4 W'fi.i 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day 25,000 head, to-mor
row 15.000 h>?ari; market 5c lower. Mixed and
butchers'. ?5 10<&5 35; good to choice heavy,
$3 00*5 .«; icufeh heavy,. $5 10<Sj5 25; light,
$5 lC^rS 25; bulk of sales, jo 25'S5 30.
; SHEEP— Receipts. 5000 head: market steady.
j Good to choice wethers, $4 77*jZ, 25; fafr to
choice mixed. $4'£4 75; ' Western cheep, $3 50
©3: lajnlre. steady; springs, %i 60^7 50; clipped
j and Western lanjbs. intfii 40. ... ...
Omaha':
OMAHA. Neb., June 23. — CATTLE — Re
| celpts. 1000 htad: market about steady. Native
! steers. $4 30fj« 20; cows and heifers. $3 203>
4 UO; canners'. (1 50^2 SO: stockers and leed
! era, $2 ."1 ft I 10; calves, $"l'ji 50; bulls, stags,
i etc.. $2 50$4 CO.
HOGS— Receipt*. 10,000 head; market weak
to 5c lower. Heavy. $1 074Q4 15; mixed,
i *4 02464 07>-i: light, *4 9o05 07^; pigs.
i it 60{r4 SO; bulk, $5 ITJ465 074.
SHEEP — Receipts. MK) head: market steady.
1 Westerns. »4 4U®4 (JO: wether*. $4 60^5 20:
! ewts, I ¦»¦»••' N -" > : common and stockers, S3 50^
I 4 W); lambs, J5 50@7.
; Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. June 23. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts. 5000 head, including 1500 Southerns;
market steady. • Native steers. $4 25#ti 20:
1 Southern steers. $2 70®5 70; Southern cows. $2
I 's} I: native rows and heifers, $2^5 50; stackers
and feeders. $2 75<g4 75; tails, $2 50#4 25;
ralves, $234 50: Western fed steers, |4@<>;
Western cows, $2'&4
HOOS— Receipts, '"000" head; market steady.
Bulk of sales, $5fl5 15; heavy, $5 10@5 224;
packer*. $5#5 15; pigs and lights. $i 25^5 o<4.
SHEEP — Receipts. 3000 head; mark*t
I steady. Muttons. $4 50^5 25; lambs. $5£-*J 60;
! range wethers. $4©4 80; ewes, $2 50^4 78.
Chicago.
CATTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
1 CHICAGO. June 23. — On the Produce Ex
; change to-day th» butter, market was steady*
. creamery. 1^4frl74o: dairy. 134@16c. . Eggs
. steady. 14#174c. Cheese steady, 7V4©Sc.
Butter, Cheese arid Eggs.
Chicago was slightly higher, with receipts
of Hogs deficient as compared with last year.
The Cincinnati Price Current gave the pack
last week at 4^0.000 against 510.000 last year.
CURED MEATS-^-Bacon. 94c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
l->4c for extra light and 15@ltfc for sugar
cured; Eastern cugar-cured Hams. 13e; Cali
fornia Hams, 129124c; Mess Beef. 110^
10 50 per bbl; extra Mess. (11611 50; Family.
JI2'gl" 50; prime Mess Pork. $14; extra clear.
$22: Mess J17 .'.0; Dry Salted Pork. 9Uc; Pi*
Pork $26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per Ib.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 64c per lb for
compound and 64c for sure: half-barrels, pure.
8»ic; 10-lb tins. 9i;c; 5-lb tins, 0%e; 3-lb tins.
94c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8»»c: three
half barrels. Bifcej one tierce, 6V»c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7T4c per lb.
Hams, Bacon and Lard were unsettled In
the local market yesterday, owing to reports
that one or two houses had advanced Lard
4 c. and were about to advance Hams and
Uaoon to bring them up to the Chicago level,
but the majority of the trade did not disturb
the quotations. It is the prevailing sentiment,
however, that an advance will occur within
several days, as the goods are now below
post.
Provisions^
Salmon Exports in May.
The expert* cf salmon from San Francisco
fcy Ka in May were at follows:
Tn — C2tcs. Pkgs. Values.
Hixiaiiau Itlaafis 757 431 $«.09S
ractflc It-lands 778 77 3.:<M
Australia 217 ... ~ :ii
New Zealand IPS ... S*}
New Caledonia « ...
South Africa 250 ... 1.K5
EnrUnd 2000 ...' 1O.7.'.O
E**t Indies SSI ... l- l9 I
Cfetaa 72 ... 252
Arabia 20 ... «0
Korea 10 ... <0
Japan 5 ... 20
Mexico 175 ... *&*
Central America 153 3
South America 1*>4 ... S72
>«¦ Tork 2tt"rt ... 9,7^0
Jan-.a!ca :O ... 1«
Trtr.idad Island ISO, ... *"0
BarbatJoes Island 200 ... t*0
.__ _____
Totals 744» 511 $56,929
IB May. 1903. the experts were 5450 cases
inr" 743 j>ackaces. valued at *_2.«i>». The quan
x ¦ ,f < specified as packages represent pickled
Eaijnon ia barrel*, half-barrels, kits and tierces.
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
* _____
* The report of Edward A. Beals. t*<-tlon CI
r»ctcr. Veiled States Weather Bureau, for the
Oregon Crop Bulletin for the week ended June
21. is a* follows:
The droughty conditions prevailing through
out the State were partially relieved by scat
terir.g *V;ow«>rs during the latter part of the
¦•»•»: but, as a rul», tbe amount of precipi
tation was not sulfici«rnt to do much good,
and more rain is Ledly needed for all crops.
The extremely dry spell has had a damag
ing effect oa £pnr.e (rrain. and In seme sec
tion* it will b« light in yield. Fall wheat
a: i. barley have headed nicely and a goxl
yield of both of these cereals Is promised.
Haying U prosrosinj: rarldly under the
fsvorable weather condl:l?r.*: the crop will be
light, erpeclallj- west of the Cascades. The
t.Ttx cutting of alfalfa ha* nearly all been se
cured in rood condition: the yield was above
th* average and the quality generally rood.
Pa*turap* continue* in fine condition, but Is
beeir.Eirr to tfry up eome. Stock is fat and
the supply of milk In the dairy districts con
tinues abundant.
Gardecs and root crop* are making slow
crowth owing to the dryness of the soil. Early
potatoes are doicr well and will • ion be ready
for marketir-jr. Corn haj not made much ad
vancement owing to a Uck cf warm weather.
TTe strawberry season !* drawing to a
close. Raspberries and Kentish cherries are
ripening cicely and promise fairly good yields.
A ppl« are doing we'.l. but pears, prunes and
peaches continue uneven.
Weather Report. .
a20th Meridlar.— Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 23—3 p. Eft.
The following maximum and tr.lcl— ;um tem
peratures are reported ior previous day frcm
Kaslern cities:
Boston W-WlKeer Orleans K8-.4
r:r.clr.raxi 82-*2 , Philadelphia «-00
lacksor-vUle S2-72 Washincton N>-W
tt. Loult 82-ta.Kew York feO-C0
THE COAST RECORD.
t= 2 g r 3 ?
I has rf i
STATIONS. i "sc^£ _| 5S g.
7 •" f ? .? - o
: c c : • ?
t4_» r »>.1« 5«» 3« NW Pt.ddy .00
Carson 2».76 74 60 W Clear .00
Tiirtka HO. 06 54 4S NW Clear .00
Fresno 28.72 S4 «0 NW Clear ' .00
r*.r_I!one« ...23.S0 K3 51 NW Clear .00
n»JC«aff 29.76 76 33 SW Clear .OU
Pocatello 2».7H €8 S6 6W Clear .00
Independence .28. C2 S8 30 W Clear .0»
Los Angeles.. 23. s« 74 M EW Clear ..00
Mt-Taxr.alpais 2».bS 71 6S NW Clear .00
North Head...»0.22 &? 4<i NW Clear .00
Phoenix 29. 04 100 C6 SW Clear .00
Point Reye«...2».« 54 48 NW Clear .00
Portiar-d 3O.2O C6 50 NW Clear Tr.
H«* BluS 29.74 KS ei NW Clear .00
Koaebur* ....»0.12 OS 42 N Clear .00
eacranieato ...29.78 S2 64 S Clear .00
taj Lake 29.70 7*i «4 E Cloudy Tr.
fcaa Franclsco.'J».8S <^ W> W Clear .00
P L. Ob'.tpo. .29.90 C6 M W Clear .00
tin Diego 29. t>G 70 C4 W Cloudy -00
F<i»ttle SO.SW «2 44 NW CleaT Tr.
fpckaae 20.14 CO 40 NW Pt.Cldy Tr.
Tatoo«b 30.30 5« f.2 \V Clear .02
"WaRa ¦",>!!«.. 30. 12 C* 4S N"W Cloudy -CO
¦"."Icr.emucca 23. S2 ~'l 4>» NW Clear Tr.
Tujr-a 29. €2 102 64 EW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ha« ri»en elowly over the north
era half cf the Paciflc Slope. Thunderstorms ;
jr«vsi! in Ctali.
The temperature has fallen from 12 to 18 de
cree* over northern Nevada. Utah and Idaho.
Tbe f olhom-lng high winds are reported : Point
Reyes. *0. northwest; S. E. Farallon, 3U,
northwest; San Francieeo. 38. west; Eureka,
SO. north, and Modena. 42. *outhwe»t.
Torecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending mlduljrtit. June 2i:
Northern California— Fair Friday; brisk
northerly winds. ¦* - -
Kouthern Caiircrala— Fair Friday: cloudy in
the morels*: fresh southwest wind's. .
Nevada— Cloudy Friday; showers In the
to oun tains.
Fan Francisco ' and vicinity — Fair Friday;
:•.» fct couth wiDd cfaasslns to brisk westerly.
A. O. McAOlE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the tw«r.ty-four hours ending 5 p. ra..
120th tneridia-n time. £*n Francisco, June ~i.
¦—— K K O « 3
S '_¦ 5" £-'"-|
= c 5 = o 2. & =
STATIONfl. I "2* P -3? ¦ £T5"
Clovenlale 50 Clear "Too
Colusa W C7 Citar .00
Vur«ka 54 4* NW Clear .00
I : re»T-0 "• ••* *° ' N^ r Cl«ar .00
H«n'ord V% 78 Clear .00
Ho:!'«ter 71 33 W Clear .«0
Ir.«tra<n4»nce f» « W Clear .00
Klar Ci'.r "0 45 N Clear .00
Uwrnwrc w) 47 .... cu-ux .00
\y» Angelt 74 M BW CTear .<W
ilerced -'5 *• •••• Clear .00
v«t>» ...77 48 £ Clear .00
N>wrfi?t!e" 62 64 .... Clear .00
Newman ...** 51 Clear .<»
Palrnno « 87 .... Clear .00
|. o _. rrv -jj]e 94 6» "W Clear .00
Pea" BluS W'f-KW Ctear .00
HWmli* *> 5 M Clear; .00
ia-ram*-nto ** MS Cl^ar .00
i, S[£l .......... -,o t* w cioudr. .00
f^in rranclBco «2 M \V Clear .00
£_n Jr.? 77 51 .... Clear: .CO
HanLiJii ObUpo.....«« S2 W Clear .00
;»m*. i?»r;a 70 65 .... Clear .00
*-'a.nta Rou 7» 4t Clear .00
-focVton , .* M W •-•¦ Clear .00
WiUows. tO 61 N. Clear .00
""cohiaa — Prachw la market^ pocr. grade; no
crop I'run*-* an<l p*ar» in good condition.
Stockton — Crape* showlnc; up well; promise
li^av • crop- *
HoUistM* — Early apples ripeninr: rood crop.
Winter arpl«s !U*t crop.
P. I v»rrt '.e — Oranrn and lemocs cootlnu*- to
iillrcrd— Grape. 9 loeklec e-cellest. Grain
Money— . |u S Steel.. ft*:
Call loans 2©34! Do pfd W.i*
Time loans 384 j Westing Common. 7.*'
Bonds— J Mining— .
Atchison 4s 101 %j Adventure 1
Do adj 4s 024lAlloue« 6%
Mex Central 4s... til | Arnal Copper 60m.
Railroads— I Amer Zinc 9U
Atchison 72?,! Atlantic S
Do pfd 9n4!Blngrmm 2°»;
boston & Albany. 241' V 4 i Calumet A Hecla 465
Boston & Maine.. 125 ICentennlal "0U
Boston Elev UG (Copper Kange 43U
Fltchburg pfd 137 | Daly West .... "Sia
Mex Central 74!Dom Coal 47
N Y, N H A H..1S6 4! Franklin 7
Pere Marquette... 74 IGrancy j-
Union Pacific S74llsle Royale '. r ~K
Miscellaneous— ! Mai>s Mining 4
Amer Arge Chem. 13mMirhigan 3.V
Do pfd 73 (Mohawk I 41
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 I Mont Coal A Coke 4
Amer Sugar 127% | Old Dominion ... 13 U
Do pfd 128 lOsceola fin;
Amer Tel A Tel. 130^1 Parrot i. 25 ¦
Amer Woolen lii»(; Quincy ; si
Do pfd 77 ! Shannon «4
I>om Iron A S... 74!Tamarack 90
Ed Elect Ilium.. 23*%! Trinity 3*:
Gen Electric 152 \V S Mining 21
Masa Electric..-. 13%iUSOil 10
Do rfd 73 (Utah 3m.
Masi Gas 39% | Victoria 2U
Un Ehoe Mach... 4<5 ! Winona ...:.. c l/
Do pfd 2S% I Wolverine ." 72
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
NEW YORK, June 23. — Excessive dullness
and sluggishness were the features of the
slock mark«t again to-day. The undertone was '
pretty firm and Isolated advances in specialties
helped th* market sympathetically, but some
of the s;>ecialties which performed that func
tion yesterday were inclined to react to-day,
ar.d eo had .their Influence en confusing the
movement of the market. The narrow fluc
tuations of prices, however, were above last
night's level fcr the most of th? day. It is
evident that convictions on the ultimate out
look are by no means firmly held by specula
tors in rtockf, en the part of those at least
who have sufficient means to express their
conviction? in operations in stocks. Sentiment
is decidedly mixed between those who see cur
rent unfavorable r.t.v* sufficiently discounted
in the present declines in the market and who
expect the development to be toward improve
ment and those who fear a continuance of
shrinkage of trade In Industrials. Instead of
inducing orpc«>ing «;>eculative operations, this
conflict of ofinicn seems to paraijxe activity
and accentuate the conservatism and even
timidity which' prevail.- This spirit seems to
be a Talr reflection uf that existing in the buel
ness world at large, and Its alteration there
is awaited to stir the securities market,
whether for an advance or a dicline. Amalga
mated Copper's unr**ponsiveness to news of 1
a tavoratle judicial decision in Montana was !
also regarded as highly significant of the
quiescence of a party of capitalists whose mar
ket movements are <-los«"iy watched for leader
ship by the rank and fit* of speculators. In
creases in May net earnings, by reason of re
duced operating expenses for Wabash and New !
Jeremy Central, revealed a tendmcy from which
rr.uch Is hoped toward reassurance of capital.
The failure of a savings bank in Massachusetts
on account of "poor investments" was of effect
on sentimer.t. rather frcm Its example of a con
stant succession of such event* than from its
individual Importance, which was insignificant.
Bonds were firm. Total sales. $2,720,000.
United States bonds were unchanged en call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares^ — Open. High. Low. Clow.
Atchieon 10.400 7»4 72% 72*,
Atchlson pfd l.KU) S(3"-s 05 s * *>S* 4
Ba! & Ohio .. .. 4,100 fcl bC»» &05«
Bal & Ohio pfd 90Vi
Canadian Pacific .. 5,4t» 124 1224 1234
Central of N. J 100 161 161 1«1
Chesa & Ohio 30}:
Chi & Alton " 374
Ch! & Alton pfd 7U4
Chi A O. W 900 14 134 "4
Chi. & N. W 600 170T4 1704 .1704
Chi. M. A St. P 9,100 144 143S H3%
Chi.M.ASt. P. pfd. 100 1774 1774 "7
Chi. T. A T 64,
Chi. T. AT. pfd.. 200 16 154 1»H
c. c. c. a Et. L. ca
Colo 'South 51%
Colo. South. 1st pfd 300 48»i 4S«4 4S4
Colo. South. 2d pfd 100 2O»£ 20V 4 1»%»
Dela. A Hudson... 1500 15-i 1354 lU^
Dela. Lack, and W 2.e&
Dea. A R. 0 900 21U 21H 214
Den. A R. G. pfd.. 200 71 71 71
Erie 1.K00 2* 23* 23%
Erie 1st pfd 700 5-i=i 65>4 &8
Erie 2d rfd 200 354 344 344
Hocking Vallry 64
Hocking Valley pfd 81
IIHnci? Central ... 500 131T, 1314 13144
Iowa Central - 18
Iowa C«ntralpfd 33
Kan City South... 100 21 >i 214 21 *4
Kan City South pfd 4"i;
Lnui* A Nash 5.C0O 110% 103?i HOJi
Manhattan L 1.400 14V, 14*» »*»¦*!
Metro. Securities .. «»0 77 70*i 7<>i4
Metro. St. Rv 4.W) 111H 110---; 11«t^
Mexican Central... 5,000 8\ 7*i 74
MIrme. A St. L.... 100 44 44 42
M..Pt.P.AS St.M... 4,500 C7»4 «Cft C6%
M.8t.P.AS.6t.M.pfd 1.M0 12*4 124 1234
Mo Pacific 6,:KiO 934 62% 62*i
Mo.. K. A T 100 1<J4 1C4 164
Mo., K. A T. pfd.. 100 .37 37 37«4
Nal. ItR fo M pfd 87%
N. Y. Central 600 11«H 11« HC
Nor. A West 1,100 6«H 30 U 50%
Nor. A West, pfd 85
On. A West. 800 20H 25% 25%
Pennsylvania 13,900 11C4 U5% 116
P., C. C. 4 8t L j, .,.. 6S
Reading • C.SOO- 47% 474 -4714
Reading 1st pfd... 700 S2 tl% 61 '4 ,
Readinir 2d pfd 654
Rock Island Co 1.200 21 20% 20%
Rock Island Co. pfd 100 biV t tl', 4 04'i
S. L A B. F. 2d pfd 444
Et. L. 8. W 200 12H 12H 12
Pt L. 8. W. pfd.. 200 294 294 29
Southern Paciflc .. 10.100 4GH 45% 45;i
Southern Railway . 3.100 214 21 »» 21%
Southern Ry. Pfd.. 1.000 60% 85 «5H '
Texas A Pacific... 2,200 22% 224 22V4
T. Ft L A W 1.400 25H 24% 244
T El L A W pfd.. 800 . 38% 37% 38
Union Paciflc JO. 400 87% 87*4 87%
t.'nlon Pacific pfd.. 300 92% 02 fl2
Wabaeh JWO 17 16T4 1C%
Wabash pfd 1.400 ZGK 36 3G4
Wheeling A L. Erie 1.400 16>i 16»4 16
Wisconsin Central. 100 16% 16% lfi%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. ' ....' 3S
Exprers Companies —
Adams 263
American 100 188 1R8 . 1SS
t'nlted States 104
W*!1e-Farro 200
Miscellaneous — "
Amalgam Copper.. 8,500 .60% 60>£ 60%
Am Car A Found.. - 200 174 174 1«4
Am Car A F pfd... 200 714 714 714
Am Cotton Oil 100 25 £5 25
Am Cotton Oil pfd. 68
American Ice tS'4
American Ice pfd.. 2C4
Am LinVf-'i Oil ..... 7
AmLJnseed Oil pfd ....' ' 24 '
Amer Locomotive.. ' ..'..- ..*..' 19
Amer Loco pfd.... 800 83 83 824
Am Smelt A Ref... ' 100 63% 6.1% 63%:
Am 8 A Ref pfd... 100 07 P7 00*4 |
Amer Sugar Ilef... 5.000 128% 127 127
AnaconCa Win Co ..:.''.... 72%^
Brktyn Rap Trans. 4,100 49^ 4&U ¦ 48%
Colo Fuel A Iron..' .... V. .. -304
Consolidated Gas... 9,400 IDS 1964 l!*Hi |
Corn - Products. ... .- •.... 10%!
Com Product* pfd ....- .... C74 j
Distillers' Seen 200 22^4 22 224'
General Electric... 700 1WU 1C2H 1624
Internatlenal Paper 10n
Interntl Paper pfd fid
Internationa] Pump 29
Interntl Pump pfd.. 72
National Lead 800 20% 20« 20^
North American... 100 894 854 854.
Paciflc Mall....... 2O0- 29 , £3% 25
Feople-s Gas....... 10.700 0S£ . 87 OSJi '
Nczv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, June 23. — Close — Money on
call. 1H r*r cent: closing, 1 per cent; ruling
rat»*. IV* per cent; last loan. 4 P* r cent;
closing bid and offered at IM percent.
Time loans were easy and dull; CO and 90
dsys, 2JJ24 per cent; six months, 3'33'- 4 per
cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 34<?* l i P«r e*nt.
Sterling exchange was heavy, with actual
business la bankers' bills at $4.S»_o®4.S730
for demand and at $4.»sS25@<4.S535 for sixty
day bills.
Posted rates. $4 86 and $4 5S.
Commercial bills. $4 634®4 S5«4.
Bar silver. fo»<.c.
Mexican dcllars. 46c.
Bends — Governments, steady; railroada, firm.
New York Money Market.
CHICAGO, June 23.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, d.ull; No. 2 spring wheat,
tUQDtJc; No. 3. «Sft5c; No. 2 red, 9$©09c; No.
2 corn 4S^C; No. 2 yellow. 504c"; No 2 oats,
. 4ie-tl>i4c: No. 3 white, 41©44c; No. 2 rye. 43c;
good feeding barley, 348iDc; fair ,to choice
. malting, 42652c; No. 1 liaxfeed. $1 01; No. 1
¦ Northwestern, $1 07: prime timothy seed,
$2 924; mess pork, per bbl, *12 90312 95; lard.
per 100 lbs. $« OMtf 074; short ribs sides
(loose). $7 374'f7 50: short clear sides (boxed),
$". 2."i®7 5O : whisky, basis of high wines, $t 2S;
¦ clover, contract grade, $10 75.
I Articles-.- Receipts. Shipments.
I Flour, bbls 33,400 16.100
: Wheat, bu 17,000 57.900
; Corn, bu .• 2T12.200 261.400
¦ Oats>. bu 113.600 11.710
i Rye. bu # 8.000
; Barley, bu 26,700 6,900
Cash Grain and Provisions.
EASTERN 3IAEKETS.
STOCK AXD BON'D EXCHANGE.
THTRSDAT. June 23—2 9. a.
TJNITED 8TATE3 BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107 1; 107% 4s qr cp new.l32m334
«s qr re(r...lOtJ4106HI3s qr e*up..;iO84 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Bs.101 — Oak T Co 6s.ll» —
Bay CPC 8s. — 102 Do Se 112U —
Cal C G -6s.lO2TslO4 Do con 8s. — 108
Cal G & E * Oceanic 8 »s. — 73
m 4 ct 5s. 844 88 Om Cable ea, — 128
Cal-st C 5s. — 113 I'ae g Im 4a. 92% It
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P E Ry Sr. — 1C34*
EdL & P 6,.124 - P * C H 68.105 -
F * C H 6a.ll4& — r A O R 6s] — llg
Oeary-st 5s.. — 88 Powell-st «3 114
H C43 B4«-100 — Pac EG*R5st — flTt*
n 00 £*„:•' *"* ~ SF * *JV3a,ll«% —
Hon R T 6e.lOS — Sierra R 8a.. — 115
L A Elec 5s. — lea S P of A 6s
L A Ry 8s. 112 — (1908) lOHii _
L ALCo«a— — (1B10J 109 110
Do gtd Ra. — — SPofCSs
Do gtd 5«.1O24 — <1906)Sr A. 102*1108
LAP lcm Ss.101 10S fI8O5>Sr B.103U
Mkt-st C es.115% — (1906) .... 108
Do lcra 5». 114*4 118 (1912) .... 118
MV* MtT5 S .lW4 _ Spc 1 c* 8s.H0 —
NRR of C8«.107>4 — Do «tmp«l..lO7T4108?i
Do 5s ....1164117 S P B R to-lM V*
N P C R Ss-lOS 107 3 V Wat 6s.in<J • —
5 £ £Z. */• 71 n2 D » *• M».9»4 894
N C P C 8a. MT.10! Do 4s 3dm. — 99
?f 8 R R 5s. — 101 Do r rot(f4s 97% —
O O L*H 5s.lOT — Stkn GAEXs. — 101 1:
O W g-td 5a. — 100 U O A E 8s. — 108
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 4» | Port Costa. . ¦'
Martn Co... — 60 |S V Wat Ok 8TS 83H
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. 34 3%|S F O ft E. «IU (iu
Mutual E L. 12 13 Stkn G * E. 6% —
Pac L Co... 57 - |U G * B Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fn-1310 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am'Ntl Bk..l274 — |L P & A... .130 180
Anglo-Cal .. 834 8«4!Mer Trust.... 206 —
Bank of Cal.424 430 [Merch Ex.... 50
Cal Safe Dp. — 130 JS F Nationl. —
First Nationl — — 1
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S * L.22S0 2380 I Sav A L So. — 100
Hum SAL. — — |S«c Sav Bi. — 430
Mutual Sav. ICO — Union T Co.. —
S F Sav U.640 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..19341S3 [Presidio 41% —
Geary — 60 |
POWDER.
Giant €0^61 iVlgorlt — §T
6UOAR. .. -
Hana P Co. — 20c IKlUuea S C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 50 — IMakawell C. 214 J2
Honokaa S C 114 12 lOnomea S C. 234 274
Hutch SPC 7H 8 iPaauhau 8 C. 124 13*4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.136U1374!Oceanlc S Co. 4U 4V4
Cal F C A. 93 10O Pac Aux FA. 5 6
Cal Wine A. 8»4 SWJi'Pac C Bon. 130 1K>
MVA MtTm.100 — |
Morning Session.
Board —
1<» Alaska Packers' Association... 127 0©
23 Honokaa 8 Co u 75
60 Hutchlnscn S P Co..; 7 62^
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 AUska Packers' Association... 137 00
25 Mutual Electric Light 12 SO
2O S F Gas A Electric «l 25
IV» Spring Valley Water Co 3* CO
$1,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per cent.107 37ti
$1,000 S F A S J V 3 per cent lid 73
8tre«t—
20 California Fruit Cannera' Ann. 99 OO
32<) Spring Valley Watar Co 37 374,
$2.«iv Spring Valley 4s <2d mtga)...% 99 ta
< Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask-f - "..'- Bid. As*.
Bay CPC «s. — 90 IS P C R 4s. — luO
Cal NW 5s.. — 1124! S P Co 44s. 10O 1004
M C Wat Si.luO — ;3ua Tal tm.,113
Rls I WksSs — 1074! DoSi — 1C3
SF Drdk 5a— 1134|Suttr-st RSa.103 113
SF A NP 5s. — 111%! UR of SF 4a. 78«; 794
MISCELLANEOUS ST0CK3.
Ala S Co... — 30 I Mat Nav Ca — 90
Amer Bis Co — 90 | Xev Nat Bk.lSO 200
Cal Cot Mils SO 97 N 8 R R Co. »«
Cal GAECor. 47 5O I N Cal P Co. — 11
Cal Powder. .123 145 I Oak Bk Sav.1124 —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 I Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I A T.115 — HOOF Hall A « —
Cen Bk. Oak — 63 jorpheum Co.. — 16
Chutes Co .. — 74i Pace Caa Co.123 —
City A C Bk — 112 1 Pae S Tel.. 10*
«'yp L Imp.. — 74! Pac Sur -Col — 115
East Dynm.. — 2IO | Para/ Paint..' 3S
DpntPwd pfd 75 S3 IS F Drydocfc CO
Do com .. — 50 |SF*SJ Coal. — 25
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — |3 J Wat Co. — 1«
Fischer Thtr — 1 |SO A MTgbt.123. —
Frnch-A Bk.lGS — |Swisa-A Ek.lla —
Gas Con A.. — 22 (Truck Elects, It 13 -
Hono P Co.. 10 14 IUR InC pfd. 43 49
LcnA SF Bk — 6O | Do com ...»
• Morning Session. -
$10, COO United R R cf S F 4 per cent*. . 7? 53
Afternoon Session.
'¦' i Board —
$200 United Ry Inv Co pfd 4S 50
Street —
$23.0^.0 United R R of S F 4 per coot. . 73 25
$15O.0C0 Southern Pacific Co 44s ..100 25
California Stock and Oil Exchange
OU Stock— Bid. Asked,
Apollo 40 4*
Associated Trust Certificates. - 13 20
Altec • . »u J,
Caribou 3 55 4 CO
Chicago Crude ;r>
Claremont 07 70
Four . 65
Giant 15
Hanfcrd ... 175 00 >•.;;¦.?¦
Home ............ . 150
Imperial ...'..... ........... .... . ISO*
Independence 25 -20
Kern 4 80
Monarch (of Arizona) - 39
Monte Crlsto «5 . 4»
Occidental of W Va (A ....
OU City Petroleum 58
Peerless 13 80
Sovereign ....... 33
Sterling- .... 2 50 °
Superior ........ ........... 04 .. .
Thirty-three - .... , 8 25
Toltec a
Twenty-eight 9 co
Kern Oil (new) 40 ....
Associated Bonds \ TS 00
Wabash ........ .... 31
Miscellaneous—
Cal Jockey Club 123 OO
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 7 0O
Northern Cal Power- .> 10 75
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 100 •;.•;..;,:,*
8ALES. ' y'\
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Sterling, b 8O 2 65
SCO Central Light and Power ........ - 4 12U
Street— -
15 Alaska Packers' Association US 25.
Afternoon Session.
No sate*.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.'
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes .1' 121 700 Juatlce IS
600 Bullion ......' 17| 100 Mexlcaa 1 10
60 Con C A Va.l 201 200 Ophir ...3 7Q
FRUITS — New crop futures — Apricots. 7<J4e;
Peachfs, 54Ste per Ib. Old crop — Evaporated
Applei. 4HC«5%c; sun-dried. 3844c
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2<J2Kc for the tour
sizes.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1803 ;
crop (subject to change without notice) are as ,
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 4 -crown, j
4c per lb; 3-crown. 4Hc: 2-crewn. 4c; Malaga. '
loose, 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's (
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas, 34c; seedless ,
Muscatels. 3%c; do floated, 34c; Seeded Hals-
Ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy, 5Uc; choice, SVic: '
12-bz. cartons, fancy. 44c; choice, *\c; in
bulk, fancy. 5Kc; choice. 8c; Imperial clus- ;
ters. $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy. $2; London
Layers 3-crown, ?1 33; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshett. 13Hei4c: I
No. 2. 114612c; No. 1 hardshell. 139134c; i
No. 2. ll<@114c; Almonds. 114c for Nonpa- ;
riels. 114c lor I X U lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9*;c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 697c for
Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanut s. $4 8003.
HONEY— Comb. 1149124c for white and !
10911c for amber; water white extracted. 89 .
6c; light amber extracted. 44&5c; dark.
3464c.
BEESWAX— 27S29c per Ib.
Dried Fruits,Nuts t Raisins,Honey.
doing toed. Fruit crop excellent: quality good.
NapT— Ko change in crop conditions.
«*loverdale — Conditions fin* for all Irult.
8ar.ta Rt-sa— No chance Since last report.
-Santa Maria— Cool days, foggy morning*
continue, with unchanged crop conditions.
Willows— Wheat turning out better than ex
pected. ¦ .
L4verrr.ore— I'misuaMy small acreage of
wheat this year.
San J<«e-T-Plutr.s corning in; fair crop; me
dium.
Newman — Conditions same.
King City— First lot of barley of the season
hauled to-day.
N A. G. Me A DIE. Section Director.
Receipts of Hay were suddenly large again,
being !>10 tons, and Included a liberal quantity
of new, it appearing, as one large handler ex
preeeed it, as if the season for new Hay had
suddenly opened In full force. A cargo of new
Clover sold at $8. Strictly No. 1 Wheat, fresh
and bright, from Contra Costa, sold at $llf?
11 50, and choice new Barley and Oat at
$10 50. For new marsh Tame Oat $7 was
bid and refused.' and $7 was bid and refused
for new Volunteer Wild Oat. Quotations for
old showed little change. ¦
The circular of Som«rs & Co. says:
"A slight increase in shipment of Hay can
be noted during the past week, for the record
shows a total of 2S0O tons, as compared with
2bC0 for the week preceding. Old Hay con
tinues to arrive in undlmlnlshed quantities
and the increase ha3 been occasioned by ship
ments of new Hay, averaging three or four
cars rtally The situation remains practically
unchanged, for in spite of the comparatively
late date we do hot seem to have yet entered
Into the new season. From all indications it
will probably be July 1 before the new crop
will be readily accented here.
. "It will be remembered that on the first day
of JUne Sait year we were entirely out of old
Hay. Thi« . year we carried over at least
one . month's supply, which fact will prove
quite an item in considering the supply and
value of the- new crop. At present everything
Indicates considerably lower prices than was
the range for last year.
"Of the new crop we are receiving an oc
casional car of good Wheat Hay on which we
quote $11*811 50 per ton; a straggling car of
Tame Oat. quotable at from $10 to $10 50; the
balance being various grades of Volunteer,
lowland Oat Hay. Oat and Clover and Alfalfa
and Grass. These various grades iell from
*.« 50 to $S htre. according to quality.
"An occasional car of choice old WheaJ Hay
sells for a very good figure, the remaining
grades showing some little weakness from the
quotations of a week ago."
There is no change in Feedstuffs, which are
steady.
BRAN— I22S23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24029 per ton.
SHOUTS— $22323 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS-r-Rolled Barley. $22 5O?rC3
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $30 50@31 5O;
jobbing. *32; Cocoanut Cake $22tf23; Corn
Meal, $32633; Cracked Corn. $32 50^33 50;
Mixed Feed. $22©23; Horse Beans. ,$3o<S40 per
ton: Broom Corn Fe»d. 90c per ctl. •
HAY— Old crop— Wheat. *UVgH 5«; Wheat
and Oat. $11312 50; Oat. $»«12; Wild Oat. $7'#
10: Barley anil Oat, $7® 11; Stock. $"©>(; Al
falfa. $7^10 per ton. New crop — Volunteer
Wild Oat. $"SS 50 per ton: Wheat. $3®H 50;
Wheat and Oat. $36'11; Oat. $S»0; Clover, $3;
Alfalta, $7. per ton.
STRAW— GOgSOc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 90. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50grt 80;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 8594 28
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, *3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal. *3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal $3 50; extra cream do, ?l 25;
Oat Groats, *4 50; Hominy, $4|M 23; Buck
wheat Flour. %i 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat, J4;
Farina, J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, 13 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls.' %' 253S 60; In sacks. $6 75\»
8 lO^earl Barley. |H; Split Ptas. boxes, $7;
Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
T* ith the exception ef the- Tonopah stocks.
which continued to sell brlskjy. business
en the local exchangee continued quiet.
though there was some Improvement
m tn« movement on the afternoon ses
ston of the Bond Exchange. Hutcainsea Sugar
sold oft to 17 674 and Spring Valley Water
was firmer at $37 S7V9@<3S.
Fullerton Oil Co. paid a dividend of 3c D«r
share, amounting to 116.20O on the 20th.
The Italian- American Bank has declared a
eeml-annual dividend on all savings deposits at
the rate of 34 per cent per annum, payable
.\ . Th * rate u 1(> "*' CMlt les » tb * a ta* 1
of the six months ended December SI. 1903.
vv estern Union Oil Co. of Santa Maria has
levted an assessment of 13 per share, amottnt
inK to 130,000, becoming delinquent August 13
Two more railroad carloads of Ophir ore hav»
been shipped, making ten carloads on the way.
The Brunswick Consolidated Mining' Com
pany ef Grass Valley levied an assessment of
3c per share yeeterday.
Dullness Still the Ride on the
Local Exchanges.
STOCK MAEKET.
Local Stocks and Bonds still inactive.
Nezv York Stocks steady. Cotton lower.
Mexican Dollars higher under a Japanese demand.
Silver and Exchange not materially changed.
Wheat and Barley quiet and the latter lozver.
Ketv Oats coming in more freely. Corn unsettled.
Large arrivals of new and old Hay. Feed stuffs steady.
Bccrns and Seeds quiet at unchanged prices.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still plentiful.
Provisions unsettled, zvith a local advance anticipated.
Estimates of t)ic California Hop crop being reduced.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs quiet and unchanged.
Xerv Potatoes firm and in demand. Onions plentiful.
Poultry much depressed, with a sluggish demand.
Deciduous Fruits in liberal supply and generally iceak.
Adams Con 20j Little Chief . C5
Alice 25' Ontario S 60
Breece 10! Ophir 3 50
Bruns Con WPhoenix OS
Com Tunnel . 08' Potosl 14
Osn Cal & Va... 1 10! Savage io
Horn Silver 1 30| Sierra Nev 23
Iron Silver 1 65i small Hopes .... 15
Leadville Con ... 02; Standard 2 CO
U S ref 2s reg..!04Ti!L & N unified 4s. 101%
Do coupon 1053JI Man con KO id 4s-104H
Do 3s reg.. 105|«!Mex Central *a.-;VS3U
Do coupon 1O« I Do 1st Inc 13
Do new 4s reg.l32»4|Mlnn & St L 4s.. 9t>«4
Do coupon 132&giM. K & Tex 4s.. 9S^i
Do old 4« reg.lOtiHl Do 2ds 7S ! .i
Do coupon 107Vi|NR of Mex con 4s 76'
Atch gen 4s 102M:!. V Y C gen 3HS..10O14
D o adj 4s 8341. V J C gen 5s 182^
Atlantic C. L 4s. 86^ | Nor Pac 4a 104H
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102 & j Do 3s 74'
Do 3k« 96 I Nor & W con 4s. 00%
Central of Ga 6s.llO T^ OSL 4s & partlc. 9«H
Do 1st inc 7414! Pa conv 3>*s SOU,
Ches & Ohio 44s.lO5 | Reading gen 4s... 101
Chi JL- Alton 3^8. 79 .|S L i I M con 6s.ll5H
C BtQ new 4s. 66%1S L & S F fg 4s. Wfi
C.M & SP gn 4s.lO9 |St Louis SW lsts. 93%
C & NW con 7s.l2S!i! Seaboard A L 4s. 68T4
C. R I & Pac 4s. 69 So Pac is 0:J»£
Do col 6s 7»%|So Railway 6s. ..117%
C.C.C & SUn 4s.lOO I Tex 4; Pac l»ts..lis'
Chi Term 4s 75HJT. St L & W 4s. 704
Cons Tobacco 4s. «1m,| Union Pac 4s. 105%
Colo & So 4s 8.1'ij Do coftv 4s 004
C F & I con 5». 69 |U S Ste«-1 2d 5s.. 7S%
Den i- Rio G 4s.lOO | Wabash lsts 117
Erie prior Hen 4s.lOO>«> Do deb B anu
Do gen 4* $04! w & L Erie 4*. . 01 '
F W.& D C l«t».l<V»4l ffii Central 4s... 90%
Hock Val 44s...lC94l
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS,
Common— Bid 4. asked 4%. Prof erred— Bid
88. asked 3S&.
NEW YORK BONDS.
Total sales 217.100 shares. . ->-.'-:-;*jJ\t?,
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. June 23.— Bond transactions of
United Railroads of San Francisco — 25, COO at
J79; 100.000 at »7S 87fc; 25,000 at $79 25.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Pressed Steel Car.. 600 27% 27H 27U
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 71 71 ' 70^5
Pullman Palace Car 30O 214 -213U 214
Republic Kteel 100 6>/4 *>Vi «Va
Republic Steel pfd. 600 41^ 41V» '41*4
Rubber Goods 15'
Rubber Goods pfd.. 200 77H 7T«4 76
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 300 33Vi 33>j 35Vi
U S Leather 6%
U S Leather pfd... B00 80 79*i 79^
U S Realty 200 5- 8 . f>% 5%
U S Realty pfd 300 60 604 59%
U S Rubber .... l«it
U S Rubber pfd... 100 66 66 s 65U
U S Steel 7.600 10 9% »•»
U S Steel pfd 14,700 56«4 56 ' 56
Westlnghouse Elee. 300 15614 15C*i ¦ 16«H
Western Union 400 87% 87Va SV
SUMMARY OF THE i MARKETS.
'July 33 3?>U 3*% 33Ts
September ..... 32H 32H 32 32
! December 324 324 32» s 324
! Mess oork, ner bbl —
i July 12 87 4 13 00 12 874 12 00
'September 13 15 13 274 13 15 13 20
: Lard, per 100 lbs —
July « 974 7 05 6 974 7 00
¦ September 7 15 7 224 7 15. 7 174
Short ribs, per 1C0 lbs"="
July 7 40 .7 524 7 40 7 50
j September 7 (JO 7.624 7 CO 7 CO
CHICAGO, June 23.— When trading be
gan . In the wheat market to-day ; there
were several factors of a bullish char
acter in evidence, the most prominent be
; ing higher, cables and reports of unfavorable
¦ weather in Argentina. There waa a fair gen-.
! eral demand at the start and the market
; opened i quite firm. Initial quotations on July
I being unchanged to a shade higher at M T 4c to
, 84:i$J$5c. September was unchanged at 7»!4e.
I During the early part of the session offerings
i were light. A big storm In Hungary inflicting
, severe damage to crops ' caused an advance.
j Later messages from the Southwest referred
I to the Increasing amount of new wheat being
I delivered, at country stations and, to the ex-
I cellence of its quality and the heaviness of
I the yield as claimed by the farmers. Reports
I from the Northwest- also were favorable. The
demand was not equal to the supply and In
consequence a weak undertone developed, July
felling off ¦ to 64%c. September declined to
70*i c. ¦ The close on both September and July
was at the low point. - •
In corn firm cables and small primary re-'
celpts were bull factors. The market cloned
I with July He lower at 48%c. September
opened at 4$%g48?ic and closed at 484@48%c.
The oat market displayed a weak undertone
j July closed \i@%c lower at 3Sft@3S!ic. Sep
tember closed at 32c.
Provisions were firm on moderate support
from packers. The principal demand was for
ribs. The strength of the hog market helped
provisions. September pork closed 10c higher;
lard up 2405c and ribs were 5©~4c higher.
The Jeadlng futures ranged aa follows:
Artlchea. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2 —
July, old 8«4 87 86 86
July, new 85 834 Si% 81%
September, old. 81 4 81% 81 »i SI'S
September, new. 79!fc 60*i 79* 4 T9\
I Corn, No. 2—
i June i. 43 48 47% 47%
!July.: 4»U 49H 4SH 4S»,
: September 4S?i 49 484 48*»
Oats. No. 2—
[June 4lVi
Future Grain and Provisions.
Flour, qr ska .. 2.747! Wool. bal<& .... 15
Wheat, ctls .... 733lBeans. ska ..... 1OT
Barley, ctla .... 2.385iTa!low. ctls .... 21S
Oats, ctls 3S7|Htdea, No. 88O
Corn, West, ctls 1.200: Pelts, No, 1.239
Rye. ctls 52OJ Leather, rolls .. 3.77
Potatoes, sks .. 3.$lS!L.i me bbls 4*>
Onions, sks ... 1.4S3; Chicory, bbla .. 3O
Bran, sks 5*71 Wine gala «7.22.%
MiJdUn/w. «ks.. 100 Quicksilver flka.- 23O
Hay. tona OW. Kalslr.s. tub ... SO
Straw, tons .... 81
FOR THURSDAY. JTTNE 53.
Receipts' of Produce.
Chicago Board of /Trade.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... U44 U44 &3*6 93%
2 p. ra. Session.
December — 934c. . T * .". (-.'_
OATS — Arrivals of the new crop are In
creasing and quotations for Red are ' slightly,
higher. New Grays are also coming in. Prices
for old crop remain as before, with a quiet
market.
Old crop— White, $1 40@l 45; Black. $1 20®
1 25: Red, $ I 20® 1 30 New crop — Red. $1 20
61 224; Gray, SI 35@1 40 per ctl.
CORN — Quotations are unsettled and Irreg
ular and show some variation, as will be seen.
Receipts from ¦ the West continue liberal.
Western sacked, $1 45#1 50 for Yellow,
$1 45«J1 50 for White -and $1 45 for Mixed;
California laree Yellow, $1 4.Vg-l 5O; small
round do. $1 50@l HO; White, $1 45®1 80 per
ctl; Egyptian, $1 324@1 424 for White- and
SI 25©1 30 for Brown.
RYB— $1 30«l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75®2 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11 :30 . a. m.
Feed, $1 01U®l. 024 for old and S1©1 024
for new; Brewing, $1 05® 1 10; Chevalier,
|1 02&@l 10 for fair to choice.
count on the morning session. Brokers re
ported • a better demand for old Brewing, as
the brewers were in the market, but quota
tions were- unchanged. . '.-¦¦' -¦:•.; l.\
* CASH BARLEY.
rie» were still limited, but they were easier,
as the previous high prices restricted trade.
Other tree fruits In small packages were plen
tiful and. buyers were able to fill their wonts
In tha afternoon at concessions. Apricots in
bulk were abundant and canoers reduced their
bids to $25'j30 per ton as to quality, but were
unable to procure any great amount, as dealers
were rather firm In their ¦views, and besides
the regular trade purchased freely at 2©i'-jc
per pound. Gooseberries have about had their
run and the quotations will soon be with
drawn. ' Other kinds of Berries were dull owing
to the Increased competition of tree fruits, and
Strawberries and Blackberries were. lower. A
carload of Strawberries from the Watsonvllle
region was switched over to Oakland by mis
take and did not arrive In this market until
late in the day and the berries had to be sold
at low prices. Cantaloupes and Watermelons
were plentiful and prices had a further decline.
There was nothing new to report In Citrus, or
tropical fruits.
STRAWBERRIES— $3<?5 per chest for Long
worths and $2 50©3 60 for the- larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— $2©3 per chest for red
and $2 5093 SO for black.
BLACKBERRIES— $466 per chest; crates.
60c
RASPBERRIES— $5®7 per chest; crates from
Newcastle, 60c; from Fresno, $1.
GOOSEBERRIES— English. 8c per 1b.
CURRANTS— $3 6OgG per chest.
CHERRIES— In small packages, 7MJ < S5c;Wn
bulk, &884c per 1b for Black and 5©74c for
Royal Anne. „_
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates. 400
73c; baskets. 40®50c; In bulk. lUS-Hc p«r 1b.
APPLES— Old. $1 60®2 23 per box; new
Green. 25fi50c for small boxes and baskets and
75cQfl 40 for large boxes.
PEARS — »0c©$l per box, as to size of box.
PEACHES— 50«65c per box or basket; large
open boxes, $1.25.
PLUMS — Clyman. C©375c per box or crate;
Cherry Plums, 35@E0c per box; Tragedy Prunes,
$1 per crate and 5Oc per box.
FIGS — 60@65c for single-layer and $1©1 -3
for double-layer boxes.
MELONS— Cantaloupes. $1 BOSS per crate;
Watermelons. !%©2c per lb.
GRAPES — Se»dtess. $101 25 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1©3 per
box as to size and quality; Valencias, Jl W>y
2 50- Mediterranean Sweets. $1 75; Tangerines.
II 75@2; Lemocj. $2 6O©2 75 for fancy, $1 50@
1 75 for choice and flgl 25 for standard:
Grape Fruit $1 5Og2 for seedless and $1^1 50
for ordinary: Mexican Limes, $4G» per case;
Bananas $ 2®3 per bunch for Central American
and Slg2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $283 per
dozen.
8.70c; Fruit Granulated. 8.70c; Beet Granu
lated OOO-lb bass only), 5.60c Confectioners*
A. 6.70c: Magnolia A. 5.30c; Extra. C. 3.20c;
Golden C, 8.10c: **D.*' Sc: barrels. lOo more:
half barrels; 23e more: boxes, 60c mor«: 50-lb
bags. 10c more tor all kinds. . Tablets— Half
barrels. tf.20c; boxes, 6.45c; H. A E. Crysta*
Domlnoa. 8.70c per Ib. No orders taken for
less than ••venty-fly* barrels or 1U equivalent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1904.
15
1 foundry, Southern, and No. 1 foundry, South*
ern. soft. (13 25fi 13 SO.
CoaUnuetl on Pace 14*
Nearly all kinds of deciduous fruits were in
free supply and, an trade was not unusually
brisk, the marKet .had an easy, tone and rev
erf".; descriptions were lower. Slocks ol Ctaer-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIALIf Reliable gas ranges $16 60, regular
¦price $20, this week only at S. F. Gas
& Electric Co.. 41£ Post st. *
j MUST GO TO SAX QUENTIN.— Tt» Su
! preme Court decided yesterday that M. . T.
Ward must go to San Quentin for collecting ,
money under - false pretenses ' la ¦ Los Angeles. ,
The defendant's appeal was based on alleged
errors ln the conduct of tbe caae fey tb* trial
court. ywoMg
Girls under 6 years, won by Eileen Murphy; i
(Iris under 0 years, won by Robin Walsh * w
Three long trains, carrying , nearly
4 P00 picnickers of St. Patrick's parish,
pulled out from the Southern Pacific
depot at Third and Townsend streets
yesterday morning, en route to Sunset
Park; Upon arriving at the park the
4000 scattered over the country to dis
pose of sundry edibles in their posses
sion. After the contents of baskets
and boxes , had been considerably re
duced : in size - the picnickers .< turned
their steps toward the pavilion. Danc
ing continued there all the afternoon.
About the middle of the afternoon the
games and races -were run. -The games
committee, headed by J. J. Barry, had
charge : of the events. The list -of the
winners follows: .
Picnic to Sunset Park Yesterday
- Gives All an Outing and a
Good Time.
ST. PATRICK'S PARISH
HOLDS MERRYMAKING
The newspapers of San Francisco that
have exploited the agony of a beautiful
woman and have sold newspapers be
cause of the business feature connected
with a suicide find a sharp reprimand in
the News Letter this week.
"A Cleaner Chinatown" Is the title of
a very readable article, which gives th<»
Governor and the State Health Board
credit for the good work they are dolag.
"The Fourth, the Fool and the Fire
cracker" is the alliterative title of an,
article which will strike a responsive
chord in the hearts of all who do not be
lieve that noise is patriotism.
' ' The illiteracy of the Mayor of San
Francisco is exhibited at length. There
Is the usual amount of political sossip
and exclusive news by Junius, while the
departments are breezy.
Women will be especially interested
in the International Conpress and the
article on golf by Lady Algy. •
This Week's S. F. Xews Letter.
Among the continued cases -that
were further continued by Judge M07
gan were: Charles H. Scan Ian, em
bezzlement of a watch; Gert Burnell,
holding up the conductor of an.Eddy
street car; Anna Speakman, attempt
ing to~ murder Mrs. Clara Lefevre;
J Ad6lph Goldman, attempting to mur
der ex-Mayor R.-W.-.Snow of Oakland.
Sickness of .Mrs. Speakman's Attorney,
and Mr. Snow.' was pleaded ' and in'the
case .of Burnell there was no.appear
ance of the arresting officer, '¦ Thomas
F. Wren.
street started to chastise his 18-year
old son Louis for staying out late o'
nights and was in a fair way of being
chastised by the strapping fellow when
neighbors summoned police to the res
cue." Judge Mogan chided the youth
for unflllal behavior and. told him that
if he is ever again arrested for re
volting against paternal discipline he
will be sent to Jail. Louis. then de
clared intention of deHerting the
parental roof and the Judge remarked
that he' might do a worse thing-
girls under 9 years, wen by Eileen McGulre;
girls under 12 years, won by Mary Coleman;
girls under 1- years, won by Hazel Madden;
girls unJer U years, won • by Letty Kelly;
girls under 14 years, won by Martha McNulty:
srhoolglrls under 14. won by Nelle Doan; boys
under ti years, won Jjy Andrew McDonnell; boys
under 9 years, won by Ed Meaney: boys under
9 years, won by Eugene Neelan; boys under 12
years, won by Oliver Cullcn (both races); boys
under 14 years, won by John Collopy ; * boys
under 14 years, won by Philip Quill; school
boys over 14 years, won by James Carroll: St.
Patrick's altar boys, won by Oliver Cullen;
Holy Name Society, < won by Daniel O'Connor.
Clarence Wcssels second: young ladies, won
by Florence Smith. Knlena Gomez second;
school children of Mary, won by Rose Schulty,
Kate Regan second; married women won by
Mrs. W. E. Cook, Mrs. J. Madden second;
women of Ot. ¦ Patrick's,, won "by Mrs. -C.
Sosland. [ Mrs*. E. Boyle second: three-legged
race, won by ' Murphy and . Steftens. Harrison
and Carroll Becond;'thr"!e-legged race. won. by
Leary ard O'Neil : committee of arrangements,
ladle*, won by Miss Burns, - Kate Robinson
second: committee of arrangements, men. won
by James Barry, S. Hughes second; youns men.
won by William O'Connor. T>. Buckley second;
married men, won by * Stephen Hughes. F.
O'Donnell second; men over 50 years, won by
John McGuire. -.
Many Prople fn Yosemite Valley.
Tosemlte Valley te attracting thousands this
jear and the Fourth <f July will Jind a vast
concourse there. The Sierra Club will dedicate
the Le «"cn!e Memorial Ixxlce on July 3 and
th*r« will be a irreat AMlltiog on theVourth.
•winding up with a prand ball at night. The
«-a«iert Hnd brt v.ay to the valley is* via Ray
mond, through the Mariposa groves of big
trees. Ask lor folders- and details at Cia Mar
ket street, Pacific. V • '
•wniT ' IS DENIED P.2ED.-Th» United
Etstes Circuit Opart yisterday denied the
petition cl Joseph liewl for a writ of habeas
ccrpus olrect<=d to Warden TcmpUlns of San
Quer.tin. The petitioner Is serving a term in
the prison for an a>:-ault <o commit robbery.
Bnntett'a Extract of Vanilla— Used
exclusively by all lea^icj: hotels «cd club*. •
¦WILL, GIVE AX eXSttSSi TEA.— The Bouti
B«ptift Woman's TV. C. T. C, of which Mrs.
ftrah TVriRfct Ktrigan is president, will Rive
an ensicn tea Irom L* till !". o'clock this after
noon Hi the residence of Mrs. Willard Clark.
132* Pace Etrect. r.ear Central avenue.
Alfred Rosa of 133 Twenty-eighth
Paul MartlneU, who disturbed the
peace of a Montgomery-avenue con
cert hall By throwing peanuts at the
lady vocalists, will be sentenced : to
morrow. In a burst of confidence he
told Bailiff Hickey that his penchant
for pelting stage artists is inherent, as
his father was notorious for -the
prodigality with which he chucked
nuggets and $50 slugs at the-petti
coated performers who lightened , the
gloom of the mining camps half a cen
tury ago. As the son did not inherit
the sire's wealth as well as his ex
travagance, he must fain ' indulge * his
passion in accordance with his means,
and peanuts are the costliest* missiles
he can afford to purchase. . .- •.;'*-. ¦•-
Mr. McGowan pleaded for the re
lease of Lillie Edwards, arrested on
Howard street and charged with.va
grancy by Patrolman Skellyr*because
she did not know 'her husband's
whereabouts and might . have_^'- been
driven to suicide by ennui if he (Mr.
McGowan) had not philanthropicaly
rescued the lady from the Slough of
Despond. The Ingeniousness of the
plea staggered the court for a mo
ment, but for a moment only.
"If you did not seem to be more
idiotic than malicious, Mr. McGowan,"
said his Honor Mogan, "I would cer
tainly order your arrest on a charge
which it is hardly necessary to men
tion. This woman is guilty of va
grancy, and I'll sentence her : to-mor
row. As for you — well, you would bet
ter direct your philanthropy in a
worthier channel."
• • •
John McCarthy was no sooner re
leased after serving a sixty days'
"trick" for vagrancy than he returned
to his fomer haunt, the Coast Line
depot, and stuck to it until he nar
rowly escaped death from a freight
train and was arrested • on the old
charge. On his previous appearance
before Judge Mogan the defendant
said he was drawn to the depot by
some irresistible attraction, as it was
there he last saw the rich and beauti
ful maiden to whom he was affianced
and from whom he had not heard for
three years. He started to repeat the
pathetic tale yesterday, when he was
abruptly told to go to jail for three
months.
The defendant gave his occupation
as grlass-blowing, and Clerk Gray ven
tured the uncalled for opinion that
his glass-blowing .probably consisted
of puffing the foam from beer glasses.
James Kelly was accompanied by i
friend — present whereabouts unknowi
to the police — when he entered ,j
building in course of construction ot
Folsom street, where, in facetiou:
spirit, the friend picked up a car
penter's saw and playfully thrust i
underneath James' coat. So thor
oughly did James enter Into the spirii
of the joke that he did not attempt tc
remove the implement until he wa;
collared by its owner, Mr. Eberhard
who was at work on the second-flooi
rafters and witnessed the entire side
splitting incident, but failed to grasp
the fun of it. He turned James intc
custody and strangely enough Judge
Mogan shared the serious view of the
case, for he declared James guilty ol
petty larceny and said he would sen
tence him to-day.
Joe Daly, In a faded suit of blue
stole a razor from a Fillmore-stree
barber shop and will be sentenced to
day for petty larceny. His military
apparel, he said, had been retained a;
a souvenir of his service for Uncl(
Sam. which expired several months
ago, and so well did he love the deai
old flag that he would be grateful ii
the court would let him go so that h<
could re-enlist immediately. But his
patriotic plea went for naught. • .
E. A- Peterson, steersman of the scow
schooner Cheerful Clara, thought that
knockout drops had been given him
in his second drink of Pacific-street
whisky, because after imbibing it his
senses fled and remained out of com
mission until about an hour prior to
his arraignment before Judge Mogan.
Dismissing the charge of drunkenness,
his Honor scouted the knockout drops
theory and remarked that two drinks
of the whisky retailed on the Barbary
Coast are sufficient, without the aid
of o^her opiates, to knock out any man
of ordinary mental constitution.
Harry Pollock, the fistic impresario,
celebrated the eve of his departure
eastward by imbibing freely of ten
derloin stimulants and disturbing the
peace to such an extent that Patrol
man Roble arrested him at Ellis and
Mason streets early yesterday morn
ing. He deposited $5 bail, which was
declared forfeited by Judge Mogan
after it was announced that the de
fendant had taken an early train.
E. C. Lonergan, arrested with Pol
lock and similarly charged, was dock
eted to appear before Judge Fritz, but
he, too, allowed his bail to go to the
city's enrichment while he sped east
ward. ¦ .
• . • •
John Wetzel, driver of a milk wagon,
was on his matutinal round when he
found that one of his customers, Mrs.
Aiken of 3029 Sixteenth street, had ne
glected to leave a pitcher upon her
front doorstep, as had been her wont
before retiring for t»e night, and in
order to prevent her having a milk
less breakfast he took a tin pall from
the porch of Mrs. Dwyer's domicile.
No. S033 Sixteenth street, filled it with
lacteal fluid and left it upon the Aiken
doorstep. On complaint of Mrs. Dwyer
he was arrested for petty larceny, but
the lady subsequently relented to the
extent of declining to prosecute.
It was Bailiff Mahoney who got off
the bon mot anent the originality of
arresting a person for "rushing the
can." . r
Mrs. Nellie Rose and Mrs. Clara
Hadler are joint occupants of No. 40
Stanford street, the latter lady living
on the lower floor. There was estrange
ment between them for some time prior
to the breaking of one of Mrs.-Had
ler's windows by Mrs. Rose and the
consequent inflicting of a nervous
shock upon Mrs. Rose's parrot, from
which that highly educated bird soon
afterward expired. The case is before
Judge Fritz, and several witnesses
haVe already testified that Mrs. Rose
broke the window and that the. parrot
died. Testimony for the defense will
be heard to-day.
When gently reminded by the bench
that she was not the whole court Mrs.
Klock tossed her head like a horse in
fly-time and sniffed defiance. But she
tamely submitted to subsequent objec
tions by the defense.
to her. "That bo?" she smilingly In
quired.
During the examination of Mrs.
Klock the attorney for the defense was
prolific of objections, which so worried
the witness that she finally declared
she would testify in her own way. .
"I object," he shouted. • -.;; <
"Object till you're ->tlred," she re
torted. "I'll tell my story."
Miss Blanche Blackwell, petite,
pretty and 17, was residing at the Lin
wood Hotel when she first met Mrs.
Minnie Klock of 812B Larkin street,
and so struck was that matron by the
girl's vivacity that she invited her to
tea. The invitation was accepted and
Miss Blackwell's bright prattle kept
the table in a roar. Soon after her
departure, however. Mrs. Klock
missed her purse, containing $28. and
after vainly searching the house for
it she reluctantly arrived at the con
clusion that her recent guest had tak
en it. She unfolded her suspicion to
a policeman, who found the young
woman and arrested her.
In the court of Judge Conlan Miss
Blackwell jauntily confessed, that she
stole the purse aud "had a good time
spending the money." Then Mrs. Clara
Cliver. who lives on Minna street,
complained that she, too, had been
robbed of a purse by Miss Blackwell
under circumstances almost similar to
those recounted by Mrs. Klock, and
that her monetary loss was $14. The
girl laughingly denied Mrs. Cliver's
accusation and said that $14 was more
money than that lady's purse had ever
contained at one time.
"What is your regular business?"
the Judge asked.
"I'm a professional acrobat," was
the answer, "and I'm out of a job.",
After looking long and searchingly
at the defendant, \vho?e insouciance
never nickered under the ordeal, his
Honor remanded her till to-day. "Just
at present you beat me," he remarked
Two minutes later Mrs. Mendoza, on
the first floor, was in receipt of all
that had been said about her on the
roof. How the descent of Mrs. Brown
was accomplished so quickly is known
only to that lady herself. That she
slid down a water pipe is strongly
suspected by Mrs. Lisle.
Nor did Mrs. Mendoza waste any
time in ascending to Mrs. Lisle and
saying things. Some of those things,
Mrs. Lisle averred, were unfit for a
lady to repeat within the hearing of
the opposite sex. The tirade, she add
ed, that began on the roof was con
tinued without intermission until she
reached the street, where it was
stopped by the arrest of Mrs. Men
doza for disturbing the peace.
"It seems to me." said Judge Mo
gan. "that Mrs. Lisle and Mrs. Brown
are Just as much to blame for gossip-
Ing about Mrs. Mendoza as Mrs. Men
doza is to be censured for resenting
what she pronounces a slander of her
deceased parent's character and a ljbel
upon her own filial feelings. If it
would be just to punish Mrs. Mendoza
for disturbing the peace, it would also
be just to punish Mrs. Lisle for back
biting a dead person and Mrs. Brown
for disclosing what phe was told in
secrecy. As there is no complaint
against either Mrs. Lisle or Mrs.
Brown I dismiss the charge against
Mrs. Mendoza."
At the bottom of the trouble lay
Sirs. Lena Brown's feminine inability
to abstain from disclosing what Mrs.
Jeroma Lisle had imparted in con
fidence and requested her not to telL
The two ladies were gossiping as they
hung out "washing" upon the roof of
t^eir common dwelling, a tenement
house at 114 Pacific street, and Mrs.
Brown casually remarked that Mrs.
Maria Mendoza, also residing there,
had announced her intention to don
mourning garb in respect to the mem
ory of her father, of whose demise
she had just been notified
••How silly!" was Mrs. Lisle's com
ment.
"Why so?" inquired Mrs. Brorrn.
"It goes no farther?"
"Xo, indeed."
"Well, because," Mrs. Lisle ex
plained, "her father was little better
than a pauper, and I'm sure his death
is a blessed relief to all his relatives.
But, of course, this ' ia . between our
eelves."
"Certainly," said Mrs. Brown.
Mrs. Lena Brown Declares She Will Never
Disclose What Mrs. ; Jeroma Lisle Says
About Mrs. Mendoza/Then Flies to Tell
WOMAN'S BREACH OF CONFIDENCE
LEADS TO TROUBLE IN TENEMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, FRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1004.
16
IXSERTION IX
NEXT .SUNDAY'S CALL.
(Sec Ad on Classified Page.)
PERFUMED TOILET SOAP
TO ALL PERSONS BRINGING
A WANT AD TO-DAY FOR
FREE.
O.\E BOX (3 CAKKS)
HIGIF GRADE
ADVERTISEMENTS. x
DISFIGURED
WITH ECZEMA
Under Physicians Five
Monthxv. Went from
Bad to Worse.
CURED BYCUTICURA
Wonderful Change in One Night
In a Kraft Face Was
Clean as Ever.
" I w»m troobled with eczema on the
f&ee for fire mooths daring; which time
I was is tbe e&re of physicians. My
ffcee ttm in raeh a condition that I
eodd sot go oat. It wu going from
bad to worse aad I gave np all hope,
whei a friend of mine highly recom-
mcad«d Cati«urm Retnedtes. The first
Bight after I washed my face with Cu-
tlcsra Soap aad used CnCieara Olmtment
$m4 Catloara. BecolreBt It changed won-
aerfofly, ami coattiiafoig the treatment
h renvoT«d all scale* and scabs. From
th«t day I was aMe to go o«t, and la a
xaoetb ny face mi as clean as ever."
THOXAS J. SOTH, 3 If SUgg St.,
BrookJTB. K. T.
Tfe« abore letter wm reeetred in 1S9S
sad he agate writes as Feb. IS, 1303,
'• I bv— Dot been trooUed wtth ecsema
Stoee."
Tbe a£O9tat»g ttobfag and baroiBg of
tbe pfcto as 1* ecxemai tke frightfol
¦*mT*«c, as fa |>w>rtaaln ; tae Iom of balr
•ad crasttag of scalp, as ln acalled
kead; tbe facial dlsflgareaent, as la
ptarpiec aad liuftwuii ; tbe awf ol pnf-
f erlag ef infast*, aad asziety of worn-
oct yreota, as in mBk cnat, totber and
•alt rbfloa — al den»ed a remedy of
almost ssperhoman rirtnes to success-
fdry oope with them. Tbat Cn'Jcura
Sot p. Ointaaat aad KeAoIreat are sach
ctasds prorea beyond all doubt. No
atateiaflat la Dtd< retrardlcg them that
Is not Josttfed by tbe strongest evi-
dence. Tbe purity and sweetness, tbe
power to afford immediate relief, the
certainty of speedy and permanent
care, tht absolute safety acd great
rconomr hare made them the standard
skin cores of the civilized world.
P«M UfMctoat *• wrld. Cmtlcvn f»»!mt S*e.
ne fora U QwrMtv Cntcd Kk, He. Nr rWl of W),
'¦it:a.ii,jOc.. lk»T>. Sic. ii»;-u i Levin-. X Chtrttr-
kooM *«; Pari*. * Soe it la Pmx; MoMns, IP Colnm-
fc<u at*' Fetter Drue * ObfK. Corp-. *eU rnp h«ton.
P^fg^^^^^^ig THE KIDS OF 'FRISCO «£r*«""^^
i Proud of the store their goods come from. Proud when we have dressed
I them— proud when they mention the fact that "Raphael's are my outfitters"
I —proud in the knowledge of knowing that their clothes did come from Ra :
I phael's, that they are the same type of clothes that the smartest chaps \n
f New York, London and Paris are wearing— proud in the fact of knowing that
I what is brand new is shown first at Raphael's, and perhaps, a year later, some
1 other shop may show the same styles, but the Boys of 'Frisco are dressed in i
1 Fashions just one year ahead of anyone else when Raphael's dress them— and the
Boys can justly proclaim that Raphael's is my House, for what they sell is reli-
able. They-Say-S v o-witli"Enthusiastic-Pride. ,
$j$ We won't say bargain, because bargain is chestnutty, but it is a bargain just the same.
j| A CarnivalJof our highest class clothes at prices that will make you read twice to see \
Iif it is really true. After you have read it through,- come quickly to the store, because they I
are bound to go at the prices and go like hotcakes. j
Bargains— Just the samee if the word IS Chestnutty. I
I (£' C^A. •¦»' '•' . . Ton have all heard of the Star Waist and Blouse. The *£
tfS?* Ww^tfll^I Dollar Grade. They need no introduction at our hands — Ja ctq -^ KOF
W V#l«Oil VV **a^a.O the name is famous. Goods that are not in the house trn MJ&A B^ p t /¦*-. ,. e T*
M . «• days, made In the freshest and newest styles — came In iP %/ JLflTiy VX}I116rS «
© Ann B"%Bif"^TJE C£*C late - ln fact to ° latP to bc of an y use to us. That's the „ . , _ _ „ 2$
5 ClIlVB O1UH5C9 only cause of this fierce cut in price. Regularly One DoDar. *
I CHESTY COLLEGE BUILT 1 BUSTER. I
11 BUILD CLOTHES -| BROWN I
f that is the way they are built. . Our College-Built Clothes for youngr chaps. 8 Of course you know Buster Brown: he j?%
... ¦ . , , . Broad, chesty, giving the younp: chap that 1 .... .... , . . , A'JWl
i We are going to show you the early much des i re d, athletic build in appearance. I 1S the IlttIe fellow that is creating the
1 Autumn styles to-day. We are going to You can't 'imagine anything smarter, because | pranks in our store. The suit that has g£
, , . . to build college Clothes requires both skill ¦ rrmtrA a Ktir a htiKhnK- a mnit tfiat ."c or! f
give them at bargain prices. and artf not on j y in the bulld of the clot hes. I cr . eat f d . ? Stir ' a ™ hbub ' a * mt that . 1S ad ' |
Over five hundred suits as pictured but in. the general lines and swing of the B mir ed oy every little chap from Maine to j
, - , , garment. We are showing the advanced Au- H California; that has made our House \
above to ht chaps from 7 to I 5 tumi , . styles to-day -Suits that are positively g famous . Some five hundred of these ) ,
years in handsome colorings. , Bright, worth $15.00— in either the single or double- ft „,,— m --J c ,- fc . ¦- - C/ -^ , . _ ¦* '
_ J . * b breasted athletic models— in shades and col- 1 stunning suits; some $6.00 values; some g •
C snappy, new colorings and weaves. orlngs that are positively handsome; to-day | $5.50 values; some $5.00 values to fit |?
g Built broad, chesty, giving that little chap and Saturday at . y _- I little "Hopefuls" who want to emulate j\
« of yours the athletic build so much.de- , C jf^tu f\f\ I Buster Brown, as you see in the picture *h
9 sired by the Sons of the Rising Genera- Jp ¦ l^tUU I above; ages 2li years to 6 years. Your BL
S tion. They're $5.00 values and $4.00 val- H Nkr ' ¦ pick of any of them Friday and Saturday )2
§ ucs. .For to-day. A ' £ at ]f
i $^*48 /S&^^^sssg^ss^^^^x • £s&* !f *7$T^ _ $^.98 i
JSm • * V' '• Efi^DdV9^BSE^21^^R^^ffiHlSnBGi^^E9BD'>^ /v l^^_^ I *^j> H *¦ * • D '¦¦" h ¦'¦•-*.' ff * B *¦:**¦* * B . - 4 *¦ *. B * *.* !,•-*{ i .* ¦ ¦ «i \ j y
' Bt *"W** * ' ' * Vi ' RB^^HHvH^B«H^B9B^^B^B|^S9^B^H BHB^^ElV. 'A^kwv^L • ¦,^L^L* . a m HI. ¦: . !¦ — » ~ -^m WM • , IV. ™-*^ w%
h Springs >|||ilfe^ffe!^ at- I £
LIKE THE 'FRISCO KIDS Q************£^]fQ
f_ ADVjEBTISEJEENTa
Sale of 1000 Jilt v
White Waists \zf
• io-uay rfZMp^!
Previous to inventory, we have / r'H n/II/ f \
decided to hold a special SALE / lift fill I \
of iooo LADIES' WHITE ' \ fflfflll i \
: WAISTS. Ali are this season's - WHMlill J\i \
' t styles. Prices have been marked \<'$*Mii' \il/ y J
down to insure immediate dis- }S&^lrfW»^ /
• posal. An opportunity of im- lk^nW93r\\£* m ''/
portance to women. Do not I ffl$!tB5iS,n%^^
LOT i— ioo WAISTS, made
of white lawn; front neatly
\ tucked and inserted with cm-
\ broidery (see illustra- Af\g\ \tt $
i tion). Reduced to *tUu f^ryf <£«=»*
\ LOT 2—200 WAISTS, ;nade
of lawn; front effectively tucked, /^vlMaBr I %t\
hembthched and inserted with / ; , v-)ffl\aa| p|i \
\ embroidery (see illustra- £*EZg% / J" luMHsl V$!l I
: tion). Reduced to OOU / 1 ||l||lp\\
* LOT 3 — 250 WAISTS, made / ft plrflhll i\
of Persian lawn; stylishly tuck- / A\\ \^^w n ff\
ed; yoke neatly joined with em- / \2j[^l^§i "y /
broiderv vcining. Ql f\f\ I e 1 K^m^Z^V 1
Reduced to ..0LliU [JjjL. J®1^Pt*£>>
LOT 4— -'So WAISTS, made
of white lawn; front composed 1"^0'^^M^
\ of tucks and all-over blind, em- • "*'if^—^^
, broidery (sec illus- Off <^-' 9 S*W
tration) \pi»hm\J \J**J V
LOT s— :oo WAISTS, made Jfe^L *L25 ¦
I of Persian lawn: entire front ef- r^^/t^^TT^S.
? fectivcly tucked, plaited, hem- /l^0if^ : <lf\.
i stitched and inserted with bias /.fi : $™ fe'-'-i i A \ .'
bands of embroidery. fl*l C{\ / I ''"t/^ •¦'•"'} f\. \
Reduced to \J5l.0U / J :£*| j|gC:|:' l\ \
LOT. 6— 100 WAISTS, made ( \$& p$:: )/ \
of lawn; front neatly tucked and \ v^wB^*2fev>!» -v
; plaited, ornamented with me- \
s dallions. Reduced Q| *J C \^n#^!'J^\
1 to '. xJ)l./vJ tfPlw^X
I Jr. ¦¦« im
T/E HAVE KO BSAVCE STOKES.