SAN FRANCISCO;^ TUESDAY, JUNE ,7; 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Cliinese Slayer Sentenced.
SACRAMENTO. June 6. — Gin
Chung, a Chinaman, to-day pleaded
eruilty to a charge of manslaughter
for killing Wee Ah Wow and was sent
to the Folsom penitentiary /©«• *-n
fears.
readiness to promptly meet a call for
additional troops in. the gold camps.
It is understood thatthe railroads have
been instructed to -have engines and
cars ready, and a. quick run (o Cripple
Creek would follow an appeal for" more
soldiers. However, from the tone of a
communication received from Sheriff
Bell, the newly appointed official of the
county, he will ask for. further aid from
the authorities only, as a last resort; He
says he con control the situation unless
a generalclash occurs.
To-day's outburst had its inception
in the strike of the members of the
Western Federation - of Miners more
than a year ago, when 4000 men • quit
work for. the' purpose, primarily, of en
forcing an eight- hour, day. This' action
so incensed the mine owners that they
declared war? on unionism, and the
breach has grown wider with the pass
age of time. Considerable lawlessness
has prevailed in the strike-ridden'dis
tricts " and . unionists ! have ' been ' brought
to trial on •* numerous "charges. They
•were invariably acquitted. ¦ i
Chairman Alex Sweek of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee could
not be seen to-night, but at Demo
cratic headquarters it was stated that
while Republican estimates are in ex
cess of the actual figures, there is no
doubt that both Republican candidates
for Congress have been elected.
Twenty-five precincts complete of
this county give Wiliamson (R.) -for
Congress 641, Simmons (D.) 249. ';
"I predict that Hermann's majority
will be 7500 and Williamson's 10,000.
Judge Frank A. Moore, the Republican
candidate for State Supreme Judge,
will. I think, receive a majority of
20,000."
At 10 p. m. Frank C. Baker, chairman
of the State Republican Committee,
said:
PORTLAND. Ore.. June 6.— It is con
ceded that the Republicans have elect
ed thoir national candidates by heavy
majoriii-s. Congressman Blnger Herr
mann, of Roseburg. the Republican
candidate, has probably carried the
district over R. M. Veatch, Democrat,
of Eugene, by from 5000 to 7000. John
H. Williamson, ¦ of Prlneville, the can
didate in the second district, will carry
the district by probably 10,000 over J.
E. Simmons, of Portland, the Demo
cratic candidate.
Sweeping Majorities for Na
tional Nominees Are Con
ceded in Oregon Election
VICTORY GOES
TO REPUBLICANS
DENVER, June. 6.— A "reign of terror,
brought on by a diabolical dynamiting
plot, followed by rioting and an as
sault upon the militia,, exists in the
Cripple Creek mining district to-night.
Armed men throng the streets and con
flicts are of hourly occurrence. Militia
men are marching, hither and thither,
making arrests by the wholesale. A
number of union miners have been
placed In the military "bull pen" and
others are bejng gathered in at fre
quent intervals. City and county offi
cials have been compelled to resign
their offices because of their reputed
union sympathies.
As nearly as can be estimated to
night, 22 men are dead and a score or
more wounded as a result of the events
leading up to the conditions described.
Beginning with' this morning, when an
infernal machine, set under the station
platform at Flndley, on the line of the
Florence and Cripple Creek Railroad,
was touched off and a number of non
union men, who were waiting for a
train, were sent Into eternity and oth
ers horribly mangled, conflicts follow
ed thick and fast. They culminated
in a riot at a mass meeting, where bul
lets flew and at least one was killed
and a number wounded.
Later, as a company of militia was
marching past union headquarters
pursuing Its search for union miners,
it was fired upon by armed men-con
cealed In Union Hall. . The soldiers
stormed the building and from last ac
counts seven unionists were shot dead
in their tracks. The remainder fled
precipitately, blood streaming from the
wounds of many. The soldiers' who
Were unhurt pursued and arrested \ a
number of the fleeing men and con
tinued far into the night to search the
country- 'or men supposed to have been
In ?he union hall at the time of the
assault. •. -
\ At the headquarters of Adjutant Gen
eral Bell in this city everything la In
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET.
N. W., WASHINGTON. June 6.— Miss
Alice Roosevelt ended her eventful St.
Louis trip late this afternoon In a
narrow escape from serious Injury In
a carriage accident. She '..as assisted
put of danger Just in time by the
faithful family footman and walked
with her maid to the White House un
concerned.
Miss Roosevelt came from St. Louis
with her maid and arrived at the
Sixth-street station shortly- after 5
o'clock. She was met by the White
House brougham with a single horse,
driven by the "second" coachman.
"Charley" Reeder, the regular White
House footman, was on the box.
All went well until the brougham,
with Miss Roosevelt and her maid In
side, reached the corner of Fifteenth
street and Pennsylvania avenue, which
passes for Washington's "dead man's
curve." Here there Is always a con
gestion of street cars and other ve
hicles and crowds of passengers.
Just as the driver was about to turn
the curve by the Treasury and the
Riggs House a heavily crowded street
car dashed up to the Junction and the
carriage was for a moment pocketed
between the car and an empty hotel
carriage. The horse took fright at the
clanging of bells, plunged
and ' became unmanageable. Several
men recognized the President's livery
and willing hands were outstretched to
subdue the Infuriated animal. The
driver bravely kept his seat, struggling
to manage the horse, while Reeder
sprang frbm the box and went to the
rescue of his young mistress.
Just as the carriage appeared to be
turning on Its side Miss Roosevelt was
literally dragged out by the footman
and at the same time a policeman on
the other side rescued the frightened
maid. The horse was finally subdued
and the carriage escaped complete de-
Etructlon between a lamp post and a
hotel van.\MBft:lBP11 l ffffCHTOl
Epccta.! Dispatch to Th« Call
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
CUSTER, S. D.. June 6.— After lyios
thirty-six hours In a coffin, little Ma
ble Fearing, the 5-year-old daughter
of C. M. Fearing, was revived. The
child was saved through the interven
tion of Dr. E. S. Norton, a relatife.
who was at the houne to attend the
funeral.
Dr. Norton's professional' instinct
warned him that the rosy cheeks and
unchanged appearance of the little one
marked an unusual condition, and he
refused to permit the coffin to be
closed. Other physicians made tests.
The results were satisfactory and an
effort was made to revive the child.
Finally signs of returning animation
were noted. A half-hour later the
stethoscope indicated the return of
strong heart action. An hour later
the child was In the arms of her moth
er, who sobbed hysterically.
The supposed death was due to ty
phoid fever. With care the child will
soon be in an advanced convalescent
stage..
MURDER FOLLOWS COMMENT
ON ATTIRE OF JAPANESE
One Little Brown Man Kills a Conn
tryman After Slaking; Disparaging
"Remark About Victim's Clothes.
HONOLULU. May 31. — Yamasakl. a
Japanese, was murdered In cold blood
in Honolulu on the evening of May
25. His self-confessed murderer, Kan
sloro Tanda, was arrested immediate
ly by detectives, who were within
forty feet of the scene of the crime
at the time of Its 'occurrence. The
shooting was the result of an alleged
disparaging remark by the murderer
about the Japanese clothes worn by
the murdered man. Five shots were
fired, the man with the gun standing
within two feet of his victim, although
but three of the shots took effect.
These were fired so close to the mur
dered man that his kimono caught
fire. v:
Series of Bloody Affrays Follows Diabolical Murder of
Non-Union Men .by Means of Dynamite.
»
CRIPPLE CREEK, Col.. June 6.— A
concealed assassin, by merely pulling
a wire, exploded an infernal machine
at Independence to-day. Instantly kill-
Ing eleven men and severely wounding
twelve others, two of whom have since
died. All of the killed and Injured,
with the exception of two men from
the . Deadwood mine, were non-union
miners employed on the night shift of
theFlndley mine.
The men had quit work at 2 o'clock
this morning and were waiting - to
board the suburban train on the Flor
ence and Cripple Creek Railroad and
return to their, hon&s In Cripple Creek
and Victor. Just after the engineer of
the approaching train blew his whistle
as a signal to the miners, according to
custom, a terrific explosion occurred
underneath the depot platform, on and
near .which twenty-six men were gath
ered. The p"latform was blown Into
splinters, the depot was wrecked and a
hole ' twenty feet in circumference and
about as, many feet in depth was torn
Into the ground.
Fragments of bodies were hurled
through space for several hundred feet
and later were picked up still quiver
ing. Some of the bodies dropped Into
the pit made by the explosion, but
heads, hands, ears, legs, arms and
trunks were strewn about on all sides.
Pieces of flesh were found on buildings
500 feet away and blood stained every
thing within a radius of fifty feet.
. The force of the explosion was felt
throughout the camp and the, crash
awakened everybody. The approaching
train was stopped' and the train crew
were*, the first ¦ men • to reach ¦ the • scene
of the disaster.- They were'Jolned in,a
few - minutes by ; hundreds of persons
and relief work was 'begun at once. A
special 'train, was sent from , Cripple
Creek, carrying physicians, nurses, offi
cers and many others, but when . it
reached ', Independence the injured had
already: been placed on , board the su
burban train and. removed to the hos
pitals In -Victor. .The mangled bodies
SANTA FE PUTS COLORADO
FLYER ON FOR SEASON
TOPEKA. Kans..- June 6. — The San
ta Fe announces that the Colorado
Flyer has been put on for the season.
It will make dally trips to Colorado
during the entire summer. A semi
weekly service has been started on
the California limited. Through ser
vice will be given from Chicago to Los
Angeles and San Francisco.
CHINA MAY BE DRAWN IN.
Awkward Position.
Peking Government Is Placed in an
TIENTSIN. June 6. — Uchida' the
Japanese Minister to China, came to
Tientsin yesterday from Peking: to
confer with the Viceroy and returned
to the capital to-day. Japan. It ap
pears to be confirmed. 13 trying to in
duce China to occupy the territory
conquered from Russia, thus inveig
ling China Into a breach of neutrality
and giving Russia the opportunity of
attacking China.
War Xevra Continued on Pajts 1. *
Continued on rage 3, Column 2.
Murray Declines Bishopric
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., June 6. — Rev.
John G. Murray, rector of St. Mich
ael's and All Angels* Episcopal
Church of Baltimore, has declined the
bishopric of Kentucky, . being con
vinced that his present paramount
duty is in Baltimore.
Alice Roosevelt Is
Rescued by a
BCENE OF CRIPPLE CREEK'S LABOR DISTURBANCES. COLORADO KXECUTIVB WHO SENT TROOPS TO ENFORCE THE
LAW AND HKAD OF THE MUNICIPAL OOVERNINO BODY OF VICTOR. WHERE CLASHES BETWEEN THE STATES
SOLDIERS AND RIOTERS ARE CONTINUOUS. ' . k
IMPERILED
BY FRIGHT
OF HORSE
Lies in a Coffin at
Custer for Thirty-
Six Hours.
SEEMINGLY
DEAD CHILD
IS REVIVED
Finally 3000 Japanese were engaged,
including artillery. The Cossacks re
peatedly drove the enemy from tho
entrenchments. In one case the JaP*
anese fled across the river, but re
turned with more reinforcements and
the Russians drew off. The Cossacks*
commander. Colonel Starkoff. was kill
ed and two officers and nine men were
wounded. The Cossacks carried the
body of their commander to Siuyen.
The other fight was between Major
General Mlstchenko's Cossacks and the
Japanese advance posts along ' the
river Kolendzy. north of Takushan. It
lasted from the evening of June 3 until
late the following day. A company of
Cossacks tried to cut off a detachment
of Japanese posted on the heights at
Ladzlapudzy, but the enemy brought
up reinforcements and the Russians
were reinforced by five companies of
Cossacks.
Details have been received here of
two smart outpost fights, one on Liao
tung and the other In Southern Man
churia. The former occurred on the
morning of June 3 at Yantslantur. east
of Vafangow. twenty-five miles above
Kinchou. The Russian force consisted
of an infantry regiment, some artillery.
several companies of Cossacks and a
squad of dragoons. The enemy was
discovered fn the valley or Pwytslantuo.
The Russians brought up a battery,
opened fire and cleared the Japanese
out of the valley. Then the Russian
guns were moved to a more favorable
position. The Japanese taking advan
tage of this, fired a few shots. The
Russian losses were Colonel Sereda and
seventeen men wounded. Both sides
retained their positions. *
BATTLE NEAR TAKCSHAN.
LJAOYANG. June 6.— It is persist
ently reported here that the Port Ar
thur squadron made a sortie shortly
before dawn on Saturday, with the tor
pedo boat destroyers leading, and
found the Japanese fleet quite unsus
pecting the presence of hostile war
ships, with the result that fonr of the
Japanese ships were sunk during the
attack.
RU3IOR OF NAVAIi DISASTER.
Russian reports vary regarding the
sinking of a Japanese vessel off Tallen
wan. It is believed it was a merchant
man.
CHEFU, June 7. 10:45 a, m.— The cor
respondent of the Associated Press at
Tengchow cables that there was firing
at Port Arthur last night, beginning at
11:30 o'clock and continuing for
several hours. A Junk arriving during
the night from Dalny reports that
there was heavy firing all day yester
day in the vicinity of Port Arthur.
When the Junk left Dalny on Monday
morning all was quiet there. The ar
rivals on the Junk deny the story of the
sinking of a Japanese ship oft Talien
wan.
LONDON, June 7.— A dispatch to the
Daily Telegraph, dated Shengtaitse.
Monday, says that heavy artillery fir
ing was heard that morning: in the di
rection of Tahwan, east of Llaoyang.
TIENTSIN, June 7.— A telegram this
morning from Tinkow announces that
Etzel of the London Telegraph was
shot dead at Tienchwangtal last night
by imperial troops.
Heavy firing was heard at New
chwangr this morning, coining from the
direction of Liaoyang.
The Russians have evacuated Sin
mintung (about 30 miles west of Muk
den) and Its vicinity. It Is said that the
troops which were at Sinmintung are
Joining troops on the road to Mukden.
FIRING AT FORT ARTHUR.
On a piece of cardboard in the
room was written in straggling let
ters: "I have been hunted by every
one. landlords and everybody. Bo*s
discharged me to make matters worse
and things did not go right last night
or this would not have happened to
day. The bodies of the girls will have
to "be embalmed, but none of the rest."
At 7 o'clock to-night a. Justice of the
Peace of Roselle and Policeman John
Kennedy went to the cottage, the doors
rf which were locked and the shutters
closed. About It there was absolute
silence. The nei;rhb<--<: who had be
come curious, said they had not seen
Pourh for hours. While the officers
and neighbor? 5 were talking, three shots
¦wrre heard in the house and then the
doors were battered dow~. Pouch was
found dead on the floor, a bullet wound
in his right temple. Near by on a bed
was his daughter. Lilian, shot through
the heart. Beside her lay the son, Al
bert, unconscious, with a bullet wound
in his abdomen.
NEW YORK, June 6.— After writing
a letter to a friend asking her to come
and take charge of his body. Joseph
M. Pouch, a retired undertaker of Ro
selle, X. J., billed two of his children
by poison on Sunday, shot a third to
d^ath, mortally wounded a fourth and
then to-day, ju^t as the police knocked
at his door, killed himself.
The man was insane, an eccentrie
<tv -which for MTPeml years bad been
;.nrWftl OfcVPlojiiiifi i»i»o homicidal
mania. His wife, the mother of the
four children, died very suddenly two
months ago. No investigation was
mad* at the time, but it is now be
lieved that she was poisoned.
On<> of Pouch's few remaining
frit-ndp received through the mail a
rote which read: "Please come to
house and lay out four children for
me. I am going to eend them where
my second wife went."
Sp*c!el Dlrratch to Tfc« Call.
Fourth Child, Mortally Wounded, Is
Found Unconscious Near
His Father.
Russians Report Rnmor of 'Disaster
to Warships of Admiral
Togo's Fleet
Infls His Own Lile After
Mailing a Message to
a Friend.
Another Combat Is Being
Waged in Vicinity
ol Port Arthur.
Heavy Artillery Firing
Is Heard Near
Liaoyang.
Poisons Two and
Shoots Third to
Death.
KUROPATKIN
AND KUROKI
IN BATTLE
MADMAN
KILLS HIS
CHILDREN
Anarchy ran riot in the Cripple Creek district of Colorado yesterday. At Findlay dynamite under the railroad station platform was touched off by means of a revolver so placed with a wire connection tfiat it could befool
rrom a distance. The platform was crowded with non-union miners at the time. Thirteen of these men were killed and- others were shockingly mangled. Then followed a succession of street riots in Victor, resulting in numerous casualties,
Bud a charge of soldiers upon the headquarters of the miners' union. Volleys were fired into the building and at least seven men were' killed. ,'At an early hour this morning the rioting had not been checked, and shooting affrays were
ANARCHY RUNS RIOT IN COLORADO;
DAY'S VICTIMS NUMBER TWENTY-TWO
The San Francisco Call
Forecast mad.* a* San rraa
daco lor thirty hour*' enilnz
intdnlrht June 7:
San Fr&ncisoo and TtetelVj'
Pair Tuesday* lUrht sooth winds,
«•*«¦» B-H.y" to brisk westerly.
A. O. 1TADXB,
District For«outer.
•• to u
TX33 WZATSZB.
Alcaiar — ''trader Two . Plajri."
Callloraift— "Tie CavaUar."
Central— "The Peddler."
Chute*— Vaudeville.
Columbi*— "The UttX* KbtlaUr/*
Kschtrt— "IT. 8."
Grand — "A Captain of Saram."
Orpbenxa — "Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Swrreaat Kitty."
THE THSATXB8.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. .7.
R. McGEE of Victor.
J. D. DAVIS of Victor.
SLAIN AT VICTOR
GUS AUGUSTINE, aged 25.
ARTHUR MUIIIjEISE, aged
about S3; has relatives in Ger-
many.
HENRY HAAG.
ALEXANDER McLANE, for-
mcrly of Lcadville.
CHARLES E. BARBER.
HERBERT McCOY.
J. H. HARTSELL.
WILLIAM SHANKLJN..^/-.;
E. KELSO, married.
W. W. DELANEY.
EDWARD ROSS.
ROBERT SINCLAIR.
"12. -II.. JOHNSON, formerly of
Little Horse, Wyo.
LIST OF THE DEADJ PARIS; June 7.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Matin says that
a 'naval, officer repeats the story al
ready-.in circulation at Liaoyang that
the' Russian squadron, at Port Arthur
has made a sortie and sunk two, Jap
anese, torpedo boats and a battleship
of the . Shikishima type. , ., . . ¦
Russian Oflieer Reiterates, Rumor of
Japanese Disaster." -.-. ¦ : ... ,¦
BATTLESHIP REPORTED LOST.
SEOUL, Korea, - June 6.— The Jap
anese Consul at Gensan - wires that
during a skirmish which "took place
on the 3d inst thirty Japanese
soldiers and one lieutenant were killed
and three men were severely wound
ed. "The Russians, in retreating,
burned a number of Korean. villages.
The natives, seizing old flint-locks and
weapons.of all sorts, attacked the Cos
sacks,. kl\Ung two .and wounding sev
eral, • .
Japanese Lose Men in a. Skirmish in
Eastern Korea.
THIRTY-ONE KILLED.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 6. — The
Novoe Vremya to-day discusses quite
seriously the report that the United
States intends to cede the Philippines
to Japan,.. and argues that the far
seeing Yankee, anticipating the tnevir
table future conflict with, Japan; pre
fers to sell the islands instead of de
fending th.em, having thereby learned
Russia's lesson of the present war,
namely, the difficulty of holding ter r '
ritory so far from the base.
the Russian Press.
Absurd Rumor la Taken Seriously by
CESSION OF PHILIPPINES.
BERLIN, June 6. — Colonel Gaedke,
war , correspondent of* the Tageblatt,
has forwarded to his paper from Muk
den, under date pf June 4, a dispatch
•which ,1s interesting as showing the
views- prevailing at the Russian, mili
tary headquarters. He says:
= "The' Japanese are reported to have
retreated from Kinchou in a northerly
direction. A change in the situation
has undoubtedly taken place. It ap
pears that the forward . movement . of
the Russian army has begun at va
rious points in the theater of war. The
situation is daily improving^ The Jap
anese losses around Kinchou were
enormously heavy, probably 15.000
men.'*-"
Mukden Slavs Hear of a Japanese Re
treat From Klnchon.
OPTIMISTIC RUSSIANS.
• It is an open secret that the Me-
Cormicks have suffered a seriea of
embarrassing experiences • since the
war began. Several dinners and other
functions have been canceled, ostens
ibly for special reasons, but in real
ity on account of the fact that the
aristocratic circles . feel compelled to
exhibit a certain degree of coldness to
the . representatives - of the United
States;: . :
ST. PETERSBURG, Jupe 6. — Em
bassador McCormick and his wife are
undergoing persecution at the hands
of St. Petersburg society on account of
the American sympathy with Japan.
It is said _that the Embassador has re
ceived-notice to vacate the magnifi
cent palace he. has been occupying as
an - embassy and .private residence
since his arrival in Russia.
cution in St. Petersburg.
Embaesndor Undergoing Petty Perse-
UNPLEASANT FOR McCORMICK.
TOKIO, Z June 6. — Vice Admiral
Togo and Admiral Yamamoto, Min
ister of the Navy, have been promoted
to the rank of Kaipum Taisho, the
highest rank in the. navy. Lieutenant
Generals Okasawa, Hasegawa, Nogi.
Nishi and Kodama have been made
generals. Okasawa is the Emperor's
chief aide de camp. Hasegawa com
mands the Imperial Guards division.
Nogi is not assigned, but probably
will be given an important command;
Nishi commands the second division,
and Kodama is vice chief of the geri^
eral staff and with General Fukiushl
ma is largely entitled to the credit for
the organization and transportation of
the army and the conduct of the war.
Rear Admirals. Saito, Uriu and
Dewa have been promoted to the
rank of vice admiral. Saito is Vice
Minister of Marine and a member of
the imperial headquarters staff. Uriu
is commander of the squadron which
sank the Variag and -' Korietz and
which participated in several of Ad
miral Togo's operations. - Dewa is a
squadron commander under Togo and
has been prominent In the Port Ar
thur operations, including the luring
of the Russian battleship- Petropav-?
lovsk over the Japanese mine field.
Togo and Yamamoto Attain Highest
Rank in Japan's Navy. !
WAR HEROES PROMOTED.
WOODLAND, June 6. — Jan.es Mr-
Roberts, convicted on April 30 pf mur
der .In ,the second degree, was to-day
eentenced by Judge Gaddls to serve
elxteen years ln prison at Folsom.
McRoberts stabbed John Murphy, a
reputable citizen of Dunnlgan. Yolo
County, during a saloon brawl in that
town last February.
Man Who Stabbed John Murphy at
Dunnlgan, Yolo County, Sen
tenced to Sixteen Years.
McROBEUTS MUST, SERVE :
IX>X6 TERM IX PRISON
"Japanese columns began' the ad
vance southward .on May 16 by two
routes, marching from. Sanshilipu,
north of Kinchou, and Kotslallnui.
Moving, as they did, in close order, they
suffered severely from our artillery fire.
The Kotfiiallnul column also came under
our Infantry fire, which inflicted heavy
losses.
, "As the enemy's advance developed,
we perceived that they had six bat
teries of artillery and twenty-four
battalions. In view of the enemy's su
periority our detachments began to re
tire. General Stoessel speaks In the
highest praise of the officers and men
participating. *: '
"A force composed of Cossacks and
Chasseurs occupied the heights of
Kinchou on the morning of May 17, and
isolated bodies of the enemy began to
appear on the mountains. On' May 18
two companies of Japanese Infantry at
tacked 100 of our Cossacks on the west
ern slope of Mount Sampson, but were
repulsed:
"Our Intelligence showed that the
whole Japanese army north of Sanshil
ipu was composed of 60.000 infantry and
1500 cavalry.
, ;'Our losses between May 5 and 21
were ten officers and 175 men."
"There was a heavy bombardment of
Port Arthur on the night of May 18, ln
which' one -soldier .was killed and four
wounded. The'. Japanese attempted a.
landing at Kerr 'Bay, but were repulsed
on : May 14, losing one, cruiser, which
sank.. ',. -.. . . ' .
"The situation May 21," says General
Zellnsky, "appears to have been that
the Japanese army had arrived before
Mount Sampson, but had not begun
the attack on the' town of Kinchou,
which was: occupied by our troops.
"The enemy had occupied Kerr
Peninsula and had sent large lighters
to Khumeza Bay. These, however, had
been obliged to retire, owing to the fire
of our artillery. Our troops occupied
positions on the southern shore of
Khumeza Bay, at Tallenwan, at Nan
kuenllng station, at 'Dalny and on all
the bays, i "• The ' enemy's squadron
blockaded the "entire "coast 'and fired
heavily,: sometimes ;^upon one bay/
sometimes on another;-
ST. PETERSBURG, June 6. — The
Ministry of War has received a dls
patc^h from Lieutenant General Zelin
sky, chief of staff, to General Kuropat
kin, dttedJune 3, in which' he' summer
izes a written account by General
Stoessel of events preceding the battle
of Kinchou: - .. •
Dispatch From the' Commander of Be-
Kleced.Port Arthur.
STOESSEL'S LAST REPORT.
VANCOUVER, B. C. June 6.—Res
idents of the town of Golden, in the
Interior of British- Columbia, were
startled at 2 o'clock this morning by
an explosion that shook every house
in the place.
The fire department turned out and
many citizens joined in the rush 'to
find that W. H. Alexander's , jewelry
store was blown up. v
. Robbery was evidently the motive,
as watches and ornaments valued at
$2500 are missing. Dynamite had
been laid on top of the safe. . which
now lies in a hole blown through the
floor. The store fixtures and portions
of stock were thrown two hundred
yards away.
Store In British Columbia Town Is
Wrecked and Valuable Stock
, Is Missing.
UOBBERS USE DYNAMITE
IN A JEWELRY SHOP
ST. PETERSBURG, June 6.— General
Kuropatkin telegraphs to the Emper
or, under date of June 4, as follows:
"Fuller reports give particulars . of
the affair near Wafengkau station on
May 30. A detachment of Russian cav
alry, consisting of dragoons, Cossacks
and mounted chasseurs, with a bat
tery, on its way from Vanzalon, was
informed that two companies of the
Frontier Guard were engaged with the
enemy occupying a position near the
village of Yendzlatun. A portion of
our cavalry advanced toward Wafeng
kau, while two squadrons of dragoons
were sent to support the Frontier
Guards and one company of chasseurs
was sent to protect and reconnoiter
on our right flank ln the valley of Fu
chau. After accomplishing this mis
sion the chasseurs and a company of
Cossacks formed the right flank of our
position.
"Toward 1 o'clock the enemy began
to debouch ln considerable force from
Lutsiatun, with the object of attacking
our advance line. Two companies of
Siberian Cossacks crossed the railway
ln front of the cavalry and attacked
a squadron of the Japanese advance
guard, almost entirely destroying it in
a hand to hand fight. They afterward
encountered the fire of Japanese in
fantry.
"Two squadrons of our cavalry and a
battery of machine guns i hurried up
and then, retiring, drew after them a
second squadron of Japanese cavalry.
This squadron followed until it came
into contact with a detachment of
chasseurs, who succeeded In firing eight
volleys at a fixed range into the squad
ron, which then fell back, naving suf
fered considerable loss.
RETIRE IN DISORDER,
"While retreating to the left, the
Japanese squadron came under the fire
of a company of the Frontier Guard,
which had advanced, and the squadron
retired in disorder. Our dragoons came
up at this moment, but owing to the
topographical conditions they could not
participate as part of our front, but
fired upon the enemy from the heights
north of Lutsiatun. .".;;
"Discovering our endeavors to turn
their left, the Japanese retired to a
second position. Our battery got into
position and opened a successful fire
on the Japanese infantry with machine
guns. •
"Meanwhile a movement of the en
emy's infantry toward Lutslatun was
observed and subsequently, at about
2 p. m., dense lines of Infantry were
seen occupying the crest of the heights,
which had been previously occupied by
dragoons.
"Our losses were Lieutenant von
Meyer, seriously wound. d; Lieutenartt
Brandt, slightly wounded; three men,
killed and forty-two v.-ouncled.
"It appears from a report found on
the body of . a Japanese non-commis
sioned officer that* the Fourteenth
Dragoons alone lost seventy men.
JAPANESE DRIVEN* BACK.
"Our Cossacks were fired upon by
Japanese infantry occupying a fortified
position on the heights near the vil
lage of Khotslaputse, eighteen miles
from Fengwangcheng. At the outset
the Japanese attempted to advance
across the . valley of Koaullndzypho,
but were stopped by an accurate fire
from our 1 field guns, which the Cos
sacks had succeeded in bringing into
position.
. "The Cossacks dismounted and, with
the aid of reinforcements and the fire
of two guns, forced the Japanese to
abandon their position and retire under
cover of their Eupports. The engage
ment lasted from 1 p. m. until 6 p. m.
"On the Japanese side six companies
took part, four having arrived as rein
forcements. The intrenchments of the
enemy were well constructed- and per
fectly masked.
"Our cavalry worked the guns ad
mirably. Their fire contributed prin
cipally to our success. Our losses were
the gallant Cossack chief, Strakoff,
killed: two officers slightly wounded
and two bruised. The Japanese losses
were not ascertained, except that they
wire larger than ours."
KUROPATKIX'S MOVEMENTS.
Commander's Headquarters Are Now-
South of Liaoyang.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jurve 6. — The
military attache of a first-class power
has telegraphed here that General Ku
ropatkin's headquarters staff ht.8
moved forty miles south of Liaoyang,
to a point between Haicheng and Da
f hisziao.
Kuropatkin's move is .considered to
possibly_ foreshadow severe fighting in
the northern part of the Liaotung pe
ninsula, but it is a mistake to assume
that his action involves a change in
the position of the Russian main
army, which, according to the best
Information, remains at Lioayang.
Kuropatkin is on board a special
headquarters train, which is constant
ly at his disposition. His trip may
be only for the purpose of personally
examining the situation.
DESTRUCTION OF GU.VBOAT.
Jtussian Craft Believed to Have Struck
a Japanese Mine.
TOKIO, June 6. — The destroyer flo
tilla engaged in watching Port Arthur
from the eastward reports that at 7:40
l>. m. on June 4 a Russian gunboat
of the Giliak ts-pe was seen to explode
and sink near Chentaoshan. The ves-
Bel. with another gunboat, a destroyer
and other steamships, evidently was
engaged in clearing the vicinity of the
mines. When the explosion occurred
the others hurried back into Port Ar
thur. Vice Admiral Togo expresses
the opinion that the explosion was
caused by a Japanese torpedo. " ' -
The name of the gunboat destroyed
Is unknown, but it had been seen be
fore upon several occasions bv the
Japanese vessels, acting as guardships
et the mouth of the harbor.
MORE MEN* FOR FAR EAST.
Czar Orders the Mobilization of the
First Annj- Con^
ST. PETERSBURG, June 6.— The
Emperor has Issued an edict mobilizing
the First Army Corps, a portion of
¦which is stationed in St. Petersburg
and vicinity. General Melndorff will
command. This edict will be followed
by the mobilization of the Fifth and
Sixth Army Corps of the Volga region.
Probably nearly a month *will elapse
before these corps are ready to start-
In tl.e meantime the Siberian railroad
¦will b*» taxed to its utmost capacity
in taking out the Tenth and Seven
teenth Corps, now moving.
r _
.l.ipan Ijandiiiff Another Army.
LIAOYANG. June 6.— Another Jap
enese army is landing on the eastern
coast of Liaotung. as a counterweight
to the Russ-ian advance southward to
the relief of Port Arthur.
EXODUS FKOM HARBIN'.
BERLIN, June 6. — A dispatch to
the Lokal Anzeiger from Harbin, dat
ed to-day, says theattitude of the Chi
nese continues to awaken apprehen
sion. Women and children are leav
ing Harbin. - .- 1 • .
The spirit of the Russian troops, the
dispatch says, is unbroken. Numer
ous wounded. men from the Yalu bat
tle have already recovered and re
turned to the front. ..•-.' •'¦;
DENVER. June 6. — Cont«rt» were filed Jn the
County *"Vmrt to-day by the lieirublic&n candl-
Oatee defeated at the recent city election, with
rhe exception -A the candidates tor Judges, Al
dermen and Supervisors. ;*;'¦•-" s.
Block implores Sheriff Sibley to use
his influence witli Governor Pardee or
the proper authorities to secure a par
don for his daughter. -Mrs. Beatty
is well known in Jftockton and la said
to be quite well esteemed.
Ella Beatty was arrested here sev
eral weeks ago for firing a shot
at her hu»band from a window at the
corner of Ellis and Market streets.
The bullet rams near hitting an auto
mobilist and frightened him into
wrecking his machine. The Lunacy
Commission examined into her mental
condition and reported her mind in
fairly good condition. Judge Mogan
on May 28 pentenced her to three
months in Jail. The superintendent
of Branch Jail No. 3, where the
woman is confined, says that she is
ell right, though apparently a little de
ranged mentally.
STOCKTON. June 6. — Emanuel
Block, a local real estate dealer and
employment agent; tq-day appealed to
Sheriff Sibley to use his influence to
have Mrs. Beatty released from the
City Jail of San Francisco, where she
Is serving a t*rm of ninety- days for
Bhooting at her husband. The woman
is the daughter of Block. The father
declares his daughter is dying from
con; umpliou- iu;d . . is- -not - -receiving
proper care in the Jail. He asserts
that the woman was beaten "and : mis
treated by her husband until she shot
r.t him in self-defense. - .. .
Epeciil Dispatch to The Call.
The Guards and the Second, division
are quartered at : Fengwangcheng and
the Twelfth division, occupies a strong
position six miles northeast. The en-.
tire army is apparently disposed with
a view to considerable waiting before
attacking by any further advance. . -
Russian scouting parties are appeal
ing on all sides. A small tramway is
to be utilized for the' transportation of
supplies from Antung to Fengwang
cheng and thirty-two miles of line are
nearly completed. The transports may
use Antung as their principal base. .
On May 25 a Russian officer with
seven men broke through the line of
communication near Antung, evidently
with the intention of making a com
plete reconnaissance around Fe.ng
wangcheng. The Japanese are alarm
ed at the comparative ease with which
this was accomplished. *
. From Gensan it is reported that the
main body of Russians on the eastern
coast;of Korea has : turned westward,
probably with the object of moving on
Pingyang. v - '
SEOUL,.ICorea;.J'urie 6.— I tocday in
terviewed 'ari American who te'ft'Ft'rig
wangcheng ,PJJ ,'May, 27.^ .He says that;
it will be impossible -for the First Japa
nese armyi[-wnoste> headquarters ."are^
there, to make any further advance
toward Liaoyang,' until considerable re
inforcemerifa arrive, as both horses
and men are-much. fatigued.
Special Cable "-to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. CoByrtehx_.i8fli. _fey . U>« . New Tork
Herald Publishing Company.
Daniels was employed as a clerk by
the Pacific-Illinois Glass Works and a
warrant was sworn out for hla' arrest
last Thursday charging him with felony
embezzlement. He Is said to have col
lected a claim from the Southern Pa
cific Company and appropriated the
money to his own use. It is alleged
that his total defalcations will reach
$300.
- TUCSON, Ariz., June 6.— R. L. Dan
iels, who has been agent for the El
Paso. 'Southwestern j Railroad at Naco
for the past .two months, was arrested
tcf-day on telegraphic advices from San
Francisco stating that he was wanted
there for embezzling a large 'sum of
money. Daniels also acted as telegraph
operator for the railroad at Naco and
the mqssage ordering his arrest was
sent ¦ to - Tombstone and telephoned to
Nacp._ The officers 'feared th,at he
might ; hear it going oVer the wires
and -make his escape across the line
into, Mexico. Requisition papers .for
Daniels have been secured and he will
be taken to San , Francisco as soon as
the 'officers -can reach ; Nacol Daniels
admits that he is 'the man wanted and
says that playing the races led to his
downfall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Several years before the war, he said,
Japan had sent its agents into Russia
for the sole purpose of studying vari
ous methods for combating with the
CossacTts in the event of war, for it
was generally believed that the most
dangerous arm of the Russian military
service would be these mounted men.
Many reports, devising ways and
means for making the Cossack 7 attacks
on, Japanese infantry nugaiorj'i were
submitted by the Japanese * agents to
the Tokio authorities and eventually
resulted in the .adaption of a small,
quick-firing machine gun, with a range
qf 4000 yards and light enough to be
easily -.carried 1 ' on the back of a small
Japanese pony.
With this gun goes a small tripod. It
takes less than a minute for a battery
of four men to remove the gun from a
pony and fix>it in position for action
on the trippfa. It can be swiveled in.
any direction and while in action Its
zone is untenable for anything living.
"For months Japan schooled its in
fantry and artillery in the use of this
gun," continued Shlraishi, "and to the
accuracy of the men who- have re
cently handled them may be attributed
much of the success of the victories
over the Cossacks. Japan tio longer
fears the pride of the Russian soldiery
and the world will soon realize this faci
when Its news gatherers have told
t .em of the deadly effect of the little
machine gun. The minute a band of
Cossacks are sighted by the Japanese
forces off ctones the gun fronv the
pony and a few minutes later the rapid
fire of the weapon sunds the death
knell of the Czar's famous riders. To
this giyi may be attributed the small
number of casualties among the Jap
anese, '•¦' u o have already met the Cos
sacks, for. as already explained, few
live to tell of their experiences within
the zone of the death . dealing ma
chine." .
The fall of Port Arthur was certain,
he said, and when asked when he ex
pected the Japanese to occupy the Rus
sian forts he replied with a smile,
"You may look for lt very soon."
Realizing that there is little need for
the steamers recently appropriated, the
Government. is releasing the vessels as
fast as it can spare them, and Shir
aishi predicted that it would not be
many weeks before the Toyo Klsen
Kaisha line would be bidding again
for American business. Referring to
the recent events of the war and par
ticularly to the achievements of the
Japanese land forces, especially in con
flict with the Cossacks, Shiraishi re
marked that the precision of fire from
the Japanese side had dispelled the tra
ditional idea that the Russian Cossack
was invincible. • •
M. Shiraishl of Toklo, general man
ager of the Toyo Klsen Kalsha Steam
ship Company, whose vessels were ap
propriated by the Mikado for service
as auxiliary cruisers ln the Japanese
navy, arrived here vesterday by way
of Victoria and is registered at the St.
Francis. He is on his way to "Wash
ington on business concerning the re
sumption of the service pf his company
between Japan and this port. He was
met in Portland by William H. Avery,
general agent of the company In this
country, who accompanied him to this
city, where he expects to remain for
several days looking into matters per
taining to Pacific Ocean traffic. Ite
gardlng the probability of the Toyo
Klsen Kaisha resuming service on the
Pacific, Shiralshi said last evening that
he expected j that the Government
would soon release all the steamers it
had taken, numbering in all about ten,
which formerly plied between Yoko
hama and San Francisco and Victoria.
"When I left Japan," said he, "the
Government had already released sev
eral of the trans-Pacific steamers, upon
which the owners were hurrying the
work of reconstruction with a view of
getting them back into the regular
runs across the ocean. The release of
these vessels depends much on the
progress of events before Port Ar
thur.".
With H isWlehacui Horses Ex
«haustebVQ^Wefai Awaits
Reinfc^cements. \
Prisoner Serving Term in
Jail . for Shooting From
Window at Her Husband
Cavalry of Warring Nations
Meets in a Hand -to-
Hand Conflict.. V
Accused Admits ' His Guilt
and; Says That Betting on
Baces Led to His Downfall
Mikado's Men Have Found
a-Way of Combating
With Cossacks.
CRUELTY IS ALLEGED
STEALING IS CHARGED
BROWN SOLDIERS
ARE DRIVEN FROM
THEIR POSITIONS
Young Man Wanted by Po
lice in This City Arrested
in Small Town of Arizona
Stockton 3Ian Makes Effort
tp Secure the Kelease of
Mrs. Beatty From Prisbu
FATIGUE CHECKS
KUROKI'S ADVANCE
FROM YALU RIVER
JAPAN NO LONGER
FEARS THE PRIDE
OF RUSSIAN ARMY
ERRING YOUTH
IN THE TOILS
JAPANESE SUFFER HEAVILY IN COMBAT
WITH COSSACK FORCE NEAR WAFENGKAU
FATHER PLEADS
FOR DAUGHTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 4901.
.."Latest London and ,New Tork styles In
hats. Tom Dillon &Co., opp.Palace Hotel.*
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BORAXOLOQY
. A little BORAX does
for water what a little
. kindness oftens does for
the heart — softens it. The
. Boraxologist recommends
them both.
When you soften water
with BORAX you double
its cleansing power. (You
will be surprised to^ see
how much easier and
cleaner you can wash
.things by adding a little
I BORAX to the water.
Use it in the laundry and
. kitchen, toilet and bath*.
Insist upon having
20-MULE-TEAM
BRAND BORAX —It's
pure. Sold by Druggists
and Grocers, £, 'J and 1-lb.
packages. :^:
_ The famous "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTUTUE3
FREE to porehaseri of "SaMuleTcan" BcrS
At .tore, or wntfor BOX TOP aad 4 c. fa .SS^!
Fra^cLS 0 - NeW Ycrk ' Chk »« ( »' Sm
v r v •o-Mnle-Teaai— Our Trad* Hark
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Jfqrhburg-Jfa
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURG
. TBS GREAT OCEAN PLYEB.
-; S. S. Dcutschland
. <J8G«i ft. lone— 23H knots average speed.
" Sails June 9. July 7. Aug. 4, Sept. 1.
Hamburg ..... .Juno 16'*tMoitke : June 30
Phoenicia .....June 18 IPatricla ....... July 'J
t*Bluecher ... .June 23 *DeutschIand . . .July 7
.Pennsylvania -..June 2.1 Belgravla ..."...July 9'
, 'Has grillroom and tgymnaslum on board. ;
/ JWI1I call at Dover only. . .
HAMBUKO-AMERICAM LINE. :
Offlce*. 33 and 33 Broadway. New- York;
HERZOO &. CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.-
¦ OCEAN TBAVEL.
Steamers ltave Broadway
/fv^fiX wharves, piers 9 and 11.
'/&rT ' ' -^^»\ 8* n Francisco.
/qYwj ti^ \U\ For Ketchllcan, Wrangel,
I I \V>rVl \ I Juneau. Ilmlnes. Skaguay,
I I \9s£*Q& I I etc., Alaska— 11 a. m. June
VA. \\ *' •# *•• 19 > u - July "•
yJSJj yyv Change to Company's steam*
• y «rs at Seattle.
r^QSiS^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port" 'i'ownsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Belllnxham— 11 a. m.. June 4, ». 14. 19. 24.
July. 6. Change at Seattle to this company s
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to
C I* Py
For Eureka (Humboldt ' Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
P m., June 3, 9. 15. 21. 27. July S. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. June 6. 12. 18. 24. 30. July «.
For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Angeles and
Redcndo), San Dleco and Santa Barbara"
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. rn.
For Loa Argeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mont-
erey,- Ban Simeon. Cayucos. Port Hartord (Saa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m., June 8. 16. 24, July X
Coos Bay, 9 a. m..Jun* 4. 12. 20, 28, July 6.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Ban Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mm.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 19O4— The
palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria, June 7,
21. July 5. 19, Aug. 2. 18.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamers or. sailing dates.
TICKET OmCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palac* Hotel). 10 Market tt-and Broad'
way wharves. rr«l#;Jit Offlce, 10 Market st.
C D. DUMANN, "General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St., Ban Francisco. .
AMERICAN XCTB.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New York, Saturdays. U:30 a. m.
Philadelphia June 13 Germanic. July 2
et. Loula.. June 25iSt. Paul ...-July »
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT I.INE.
New Tork — London Direct.
Minneapolis June IS, 9 a. m.
Mesaba June 25, 9 a. m.
Mlnnetonka July 2. 9 a. m.
Mlnnehaha July_9 2 p. m.
Only Brut-class passengers carried. .
DOMINION IJNE.
Montreal — Xilverpool — 8hort sea passage.
Southwark June 181 Vancouver July 2
Canada. June 25,Kensington ....July 9
HOLLA5D-AMEBICA LrNE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.500 Tons.
Sew Tort— Rotterdam. Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam June 21 Noordam J , ul5 \^
Eyndam June 23 Statendam July L!
BED STAS LINE.
new Tork — Antwerp— Paris.
From New Tork. Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Zeeland June lHK'aderland July 2
Finland June 85IKroonland July 9
WHITE STAR L.'NE.
New Tork— Qneenttown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Majestic. June 22,10 amlTeutonlc. July 6.10 am
Arabic. .June 24, 3 pm Celtic July 8.1pm
Oceanic. .June 29. 7 umlBaltlc. ..July 13,5 pm
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric June lfl, July 14. Aug. IS
Crctlc June 30, July 2*. Aug. 25
Republic (new) July 7. Aug. 11. Sept. 8
SEW SERVICES PROM BOSTON
Fast Twin-Screw Steamers
of 11,400 to 15.000 tons.
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE
MEDITERRANEAN. VIA AZORES.
OIBRALTAE. NAPLES, GENOA.
ROMANIC... a. ..June IS, July 30, Sept. .17
CANOPIC July 2. Aug. 27, Oct. 8
First class, $65 upward, depending on date.
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
¦21 Post st., San Francisco.
FOR NOME
Low Passentr er an* Preiirht Bates.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Co.'s Steamship
WVALENGIA
rrora San Francisco, June 8, 11 a. m.
From Seattle. June 14, 9 p.m.
For rates and full Information apply .
TICKET OFFICES.
4 New Montgomery st. and 10 Market st.
FREIGHT OFFICE. 10 MARKET ST.
J. H. COOPER. General Freight Agent.
C D DUNANN. Gen. Passenger Agent. .
'lO Market St.. San Francisco.
Gccai.lcS.sxo. Hs&'skSS:
I7_.I - 0l«!0l US* W MHIli
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Bamo*. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs.. June 18, 1p.m.
S S ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. June 25. 11 am.
s' s! MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a. m.
I D.SPRECKELS t BE01 Ca.,A2tS.,TlCtBt OfflCJ 643 Mtf-
tei. frcigut 0fls33amK«st.' Pi3r 7. Pinii fc
LOXPAOinX OENERALt TRA53 ATL ANTIQUE
niRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. _. 1|nft^
b"mng every Thursday Instead of^SBl
Sa.turaAy.St 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.3Sb«BS'
¦North River, foot of Morton st.
Virst class to Havre. $70 and upward. Ste-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. OEN-
FRAL AOENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson .! building).
xVw York J. F. FUGAZI & CO^ PaeWo Coast
Aprnts '5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. .
To TT. S. Havy Tart and VaUaJo.
RTilRB, OEN. FRJSBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW— 9:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon, 3:15 P. M
• BOO P. M., 3:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday), Sundays
n : 45 A.- M.. 8:SO P. M. Leave. Vallejo 7:00
aI M., 9:00 A. M.. 12:30 NOON, 3:15 P. M..
8:00 P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays 7:00 A. M..
4:15 P. M. Far* one way,* 50c Landing and
' 'office. Pier' 2. foot Mission st. Phone Mala
. 1508. HATCH BRO3. , •- . ¦
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
OCE.ATJ TEAVEIk ':'«.
O. /?. & N. CO.
COLUMBIA »all* June 6, 18 and 26. Jn!y «.
16. 20. GEO. W. KLJDEH lalJs Juris 1 11 and
21, July 1, 11, 21. Only ateamshlp Us* to
PORTLAND, OR, and short rail Jla» from
Portland to all points East. Through ticket* to
all points. Steamer ticket* include berth aai
meals. Steamer tail* foot of Spear at. at 11
a. m. 8. F. BOOTH. Gen. A«t. Pan. Dept. 1
Montgomery at.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agent
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery it.
STATEMENT
OF THB
CONDITION" AND AFFAIRS
OB* THB
COMMERCIAL UNION
ASSURANCE COMPANY
(Limited)
OP LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THB S1ST
day of December. A. D. 1903. and for tha
year endtnjr on that day, as raids to the la-
rurance Commissioner of the State of CaJlfor.
nia. pursuant to the provisions of sections
010 aad 611 of tba Political Code, condensed
as D«r blank furnished by th» CommUslonsr:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
la Caaa
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. f.W.113 69
Loans on Bonds and Mortsa^es... 112.000 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 2,218.633 73
Cash ln Company's Offlce 10,496 74
Cash In Banks 442.037 72
Interest du» and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.83* IS
Interest du« and accrued on Bond*
and Mortgages .......... ......... ' 1.627 50
Premiums ln due Course of Col-
lection J 093.502 M
Bills Receivable, not Matured. '
taken for Fire and Marina Rlska 8,292 43
Rents dua and accrued 8,694 23
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid 6,353 79
x Total Assets $4.2*4.731 fil
LIABILITIES, f ~ ¦¦ . ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid I106.22S S3
Lowes In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 210,202 44
Losses resisted, including: expense* . 84.433 Co
Gross premiums on Fire Risks . ¦
running one year or l^-s. $2,270,-
367 94; reinsurance 50 per tent.. 1.133,1*5 07
Gross premium* on Fire Risks
running more than one year. |2.
1S1.10O M; reinsurance pro rata. 1.1:4.463 58
Oroea premiums on Marine and Int» _ - ¦
land Navigation Risks. $«3.- *
. 049 60; reinsurance 100 per cant. 63.043 90
Gross orerarama on Marine Tlm«
Risks. 137.810 61: reinsurance 50 '
per cent ' 1S.0C5 30
Amount reclalmabl* by the In-
sured on Perottual Fire Poli-
cies 10S.&33 l«
Due for Commission aad Broker-
age 63.017 14
Return Premiums and Reinsurance
Premluma , 46,623 83
Total Liabilities J2.910.531 S3
IXCOME. — —
Net cash actually received for
Fire Premiums ....: $2,864,701 W
. Net cash actually received - for
Marine premiums -S3.0S<5 79
Received tor interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 7,637 73
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 68.454 7<«
Received for Rents C. 5-1.979 6»
Total Income $3.180.870 tn
_ , EXPENDITURES.
Net amount oatd for Fire Losses
(including $318,008 87 losses of
previous years) $1,409.^73 EJ
Net amount paid for Marine Losses Uo.aTO 4T
Palo or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 592.433 70
Paid for Salariea. Fees and other
charces for officers, clerks, etc 144,387 47
Paid for State. National and Lo.
cal tans S.3,113 69
All other payments and expendi-
tures- 138.858 1«
Total Expenditures ...$2.633.313 03
| Flr».
Loases Incurred during tha year..$1.662.331 88
Risks and Premiums. |Fire Risks.] Premiums.
Net amount of Risks! [
written during the)
year $336,007,564 $4,031,730 U
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year S4S.808.684 3.973.063 4O
Net amount In force
December 31, 1903.. 337.124.gg3f 4.431.553 73
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the ~.
fSr $9&4M.«40 $255.800 60
Net amoant of Risks
expired during the
year 99.071.5511 23a 413 21
Net amount m force] i
IXtmtwr?!. 190a.. <.5»t.^n| IQ^ISI T«
"~ A. H. WRAV. Manager
Subscribci *o«l »rrcrn !t N-fjr» we. this
20th day or January. 19O4.
\ ., H. R. KAT, Notft'y PutUft.
C. F. MULLINS, Pacific Coast Manager,
416-418 California St,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
ADVEB.TISE2OENTS.
' ; ' :'>""' ADVEB.TISEJCESTB. S
818-820 Market St. San Francisco
n DOUBLEDAY M FREE u.s. postage^stamps pree
TO-MORROW purchases in our stationery J
WEDNESDAY FREE To AmoaTof T 20c N or More FREE
VEXXiINQS. ' rANCY GOODS.
Tl J^ O «^«!- y^llT 8 ln 5 n ' tht "¦!• Globes in black and white. !iv
ular colors, by the yard. , . . . . sizes; special 25c
Drop"veilV,"^ch".V'.'.25cto«1.5O Silk Gloves in black, white tan. .
Mallne Veiling in all the- &pular mode, castor, regular price J1.00:
- shades; regular priCB-35cr special ¦pedal boe
..:... -.. 7c Pure silk, black and white, elbow
Chiffon, extra fine quality, in all ' length, extra quality, • regular
shades, special per yd 22c price 31.50; special 75c
Mallne Puffs in all colors, special,
each. ..........' .-'...•....Oe BEITS.
Fifth -Avenue Bows and Trench Ladles' Belts in Peau de Sole aad
Four-in-hands, made of taffeta, sa- Taffeta, pleated In the new girdle
tin taffeta or fancy striped rib- effect with cut eteel or gun metal
bon: regular price 35c; special buckles; regular price $1.25; upec-
....;....... ,l»c Ial .75c
OOINO, CAMPING?
If in need of an outfit or any part minima '
of one look over our stock: we will OAS-XIOHIBWI.
pack\everything at "no charge and "> In. finely polished, clean white
ship wherever desired. Get one of wood handle, with easy moving,
our Camping Circulars. It may be of e»de for taper; good value for 15c.
service to you. To reduce stock we offer this
a -n-citxr ow«t»« week one of these excellent
Canvn« T7nt Joii mfrt* 7t7 with torches and a box of never-drlp
¦ Ca 3 nV ft. T wali. W Sale ma p < r!ce 7X S5T85 **«* tul1 coant « 1or 1Oc
Larger sizes proportionately low. . TAJfOlSJTOOT.
HAMMOCK CHAIS. When your feet are crossed and
Made of stout striped canvas, handy stuck together you are up against
to hang on porch or to the limb of lt goo< j g^^ hard, and that's what
j a tree, on sale ...\ 05c happens to flies that light on
CAMP OB LAWN CHAIR. Tanglefoot. It holds them sure
Striped canvas with, nicely varnish- and fast. Regular price on Tan-
ed hardwood frame,' adjustable to glefoot is 50c a box of 35 doubles:
4 positions, on sale .05c our very special price this week
.. CBOQUET BET. Is, per box -37c
8 maple balls and mallets,* nicely
finished stakes, etc, on sale : ,c
Full * description and •price-*lt 5 o < f BVKXEn J^ D^. a
other styles on application. *O» THB CAMP.
EAMMOCXS. AT JOc — 2500 titles of paper
Nicely colored, open or canvas novels* by standard and popular au-
weave. plain or fancy patterns thors. Send for one of our lists. *
5ftc. 75c 95c. S1.25. 81.45. AT 15c—
81. 75 to $5.00. .. A Glr , of gpirit." "In Cupid's
T 5? ! Chains." "Paid For." "The Marquts."
BRIST BOOMBBAKO. Queen Kate." "On Love's Altar."
Have you tried it? Just the thing .. Juat a G irl." "Better Than Life."
to take to the country; lots of sport; *-Ei a i ne ,» "A Modern Juliet." "By
all the rage East. Come in and let Devious Ways": all by Garvice.
us explain it to you. _• "Macarla." by Evans.
Boomerangs 25c, 85c. 50c. 75c
Rakahs 50c. 75c. ftl.OO. 81.50 And 100 others.
KHIVES, EAZOBS AITS BHEABS OBOUHD AHO BEPAXRED.
PICTTJB3B FBAHES OP ALI. DESCBDPTIONS MADE TO OASES.
I fp^^^^S How to Judge Beer I
jJyyjU CREAMY FOAM I
IfllPl l^iSsip An infallible indication of (J
Ifi^lS^la^Bslf body, age end excellence II
I Ee^^^iEll of brewing material. If
I lil^^Stsil'SiPf A solid, creamy foam is the inyariable 1 1
I &*t^*7^lisffiM indication of body, age «nd excellence of II
i% fclfe^^glmjffila - brewing material in beer. Unless the A
! S K-^''^^^^^ st K ra( * es °* barley and hops, selected II
If "^ cxtreme care, are used in sufficient II
! 1 quantity, brewed so as to give the beer I
i § the proper strength and body, and after- I
1 1 -ward the beer is thoroughly ripened and aged, it cannot I
U . show the tolid, creamy foam always found in the famous C5|
' ft «»• 13« \jm r^rV*V nV Ves?
I "The only beer bottled exduivery at the Brewery" >SK!
THE AMERICAN BREWING CO. /^^^^^l
ST. LOUIS. U. S. A. T j^^^^^^^J
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO., ;feCT»svS^Tftf3S^|
Wholesale Dealers. •Men Ordered Out of San Miguel Couhi
ty Want Federal protection.
TELLURIDE, Colo., June 6.— O. A;
Floaten, one of the proprietors of the
People's Supply Store; M.- J. Sullivan;
secretary of the" local miners', union,
and Tony Rolla, . a bartender, who
have been advised by the military au»
thorlties to leave San Miguel Courfty,
have retained Congressman H. M.
APPEAL TO THE PRESIDENT.
OCBAN STEAMERS. ,
ANTWERP— Arrived June 6— «tmr Finland,
from New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived June 6— Stmr Koen-
Isren Lulse. from New York for Naples and
Genoa, and proceeded.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 6— Stmr
Deutechland. from Newport News; stmr
Mlnnehaha.' from Liondon.
PLTMOUTH— Sailed June 6— Stmr Boston-
Ian, for Boston. ' .. • ;
BREMEN— Arrived June 6— Stmr Bremen,
from New York. ¦ ¦ ' ' ' '
HAMBURG- Arrived June 6 — Stmr Bleucher
from New -York. ¦
CHERBOURG — Arrived. June 6— Stmr Kron
prinz Wllhelm. from N«w York via Plymouth
for Br«m»n, and proceeded.
Sailed — June 6 — Stmr Frederlch dtr Grow*
from Bremen for New York. ./fSHfsg
Late Shipping Intelligence.
A disgraceful brawl took place at
Pratt & Tierney's saloon, known as
the Orienta. Cafe, on Mason street,
last night in which one Bill Taylor
assaulted two women and was in turn
soundly "beaten by Pratt and his bar
keeper. The . affair was rapidly as
suming a decldedly_"rough house" as
pect when the police appeared on the
scene and dragged Taylor away.
BUI Taylor Assaults Two Women and
Is In Turn Beaten by the
Proprietor.
DISGRACEFUL BRAWL IN
PRATT & TIERNEY'S SALOON
SANTA .ROSA, June 6.— John
Thorn Alexander, who stole a bicy
cle from Douglass Badger of RIncon
Valley, was sentenced to one year's
imprisonment in Folsom to-day by
Judge Albert G. Burnett. The lad
pleaded guilty to the charge, but in
extenuation alleged that a sunstroke
suffered some years ago had affected
him and that when he became over
heated he was not accountable for his
actions} His parents are said to be
wealthy residents of New York State.
v
Santa Rosa Lad Pleads Guilty and
Asks Leniency on Ground That
His Mind Was Affected.
BICYCLE THIEF GETS
A YEAK AT FOLSOM
' STOCKTON, June 6. — Mayor Will
iams has consulted the members of the
Millers' and Warehousemen's Associa
tion. The Mayor says he has nothing
to say in regard to the meeting at this
time, but that they probably will have
another conference. W- P. Steinbeck,
manager of the Sperry Flour Company,
says that there Is no change In the'sltu
ation. He declares that the millers and
warehousemen determined at the out
set to run their own business, and that
If their union -employes would not obey
orders they would hire men who would.
Steinbeck says that the millers and
warehousemen will not recede from
their position, and that they are get
ting along very well with their present
employes,
Allen Blair swore to a complaint
against George Wills, a unionist and
striker, this morning to have him put
under bonds to keep the peace.
Efforts of Stockton's Mayor to Settle
Strike Have Not Been
Successful.
MILLERS SAY THEY WILL
NOT YIELD A POINT
Down the Dynamiters. , '
COLORADO SPRINGS, June - 7.— A
special from Victor says:. At a meet
ing of the Mine Owners' Association of
the district held to-night the Findley
outrage was discussed and the deepest
feeling of indignation expressed aqd It
was the unanimous opinion that under
no circumstances should the murderers
escape. Many of the members 'pledged
their individual support to run down
and punish the conspirators arid a large
reward will be offered by the associa
tion. The, County Commissioners and
different mine managements will offer
individual rewards.
The local committee of the Western
Federation of Miners has authorized
the press to say that It deplores the
diabolical murder. The following is a
statement given^put to-night:
No men who deserve to live would or could
approve tU* awful deed. The fiends who
planned and carried out the devilish crime
should be detected and punished to the rull ex
tent of the law. Tb* committee and all local
members of the Western Federation of Mln«>r«
are ready and will ing- to assist In uncovering
the guilty ones and will use every endeavor to
nspiat tbe authorities In their efforts, and we
herewith tender tbo services of all our mem
bers. W« will also Join in offering- a suitable
reward for the arrest and conviction of the
guilty persons.
DISTRICT UNION NO. 1. ' W. F. of M
(By Attorney Frank F. Hangs.)
DEPLORES THE OUTRAGE.
Miners* Union Will Aid In Running
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 6.— The con
test over the office of county school
superintendent, which has been in the
courts for nearly two years, has been
settled by stipulation. D. T. Bateman,
who has been occupying the place, will
remain in office.
At the last county, election Bateman
beat L. J. Chlpman, who had occupied
the office for twenty-five years, by sev
eral hundred votes. Chlpman began a
contest, and by the / throwing out of
"No Nomination" ballots he was de
clared elected. The matter was then
taken to the Supreme Court.
Yesterday the decision was reversed
by that court and sent back for a new
trial. Then the stipulation was liled,
whereby Chlpman relinquished all
claim on the office. It was provided
that no claim should be made against
the county for back salary. Chlpman
Is now engaged In business In San
Francisco. The terms of the settle
ment are not known.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHIPMAN GIVES
UP THE FIGHT
CHINESE CAMP, June 6. — An Aus
trian miner named Michael Tomich
was Instantly killed to-day at the Re
publican mine. In company with an
other miner Tomich was hoisted to
the two hundred foot level. The can
dle Tomlsh was carrying went out and
while groping his way in the dark he
fell 300 feet down the other compart*
meat of the shaft.
FALLS THREE HUNDRED
FEET TO INSTANT DEATn
By order of Major H. A. Naylor of
the National Guard the bodies were re
moved from the Coroner's establish
ment to another undertaker's. This
action was taken on request of J. S.
Murphy, superintendent of the Findley
mine, because, it . is alleged, the Cor
oner had remarked before the discov
ery of the : Infernal machine that the
death of tho men was due to an acci
dent. Later Coroner Doran explained
that although he had"spoken of the dis
aster as "an awful accident," he was
The infernal machine used to-day
was similar to the one'expldded in. the
Vindicator mine on November 21, 1903,'
killing two men." n •
The infernal machine with which the
diabolical work was done consisted of a
quantity of dynamite estimated at 150
to 300 pounds, a loaded) revolver and a
long, slender. steel wire attached to the
trigger. The revolver was fastened so
that the pulling of the trigger would
not draw it away. The wire ran from
under the depot to the cribbing of the
Delmonico property, about 400 - feet
away, where Its end was fastened to
the rung of a chair. The dynamite
was placed close to the muzzle of the
revolver, which was discharged by
pulling the wire when the engineer
blew his whistle. The ball from the
revolver exploded the dynamite.
A man was seen running down the
hill from the Delmonico after the ex
plosion. The Victor troops, who were
ordered out by Mayor French, were so
stationed as to keep persons from pass
ing rn-er the path taken by this man
and bloodhounds were sent from Canon
City and Trinidad for the purpose of
trailing the assassin.
A majority of the dead and injured
were single men, but several had
families living in the district.
Charles Rector, of the Shurtleff mine,
escaped by a miracle. He was chat
ting with several men, unconscious of
danger, when the explosion occurred.
He saw a number of men rushing
toward the depot and at this moment
he was lifted from his feet and deaf
ened by a terrific crash. When he re
alized what had occurred he was sur
prised to find himself uninjured.
H. W. Van Atta, one of the Findley
miners, who had a remarkable escape
from death, in describing the explo
sion, said: -• i
"The earth seemed to heave under
the platform and depot and the noise
made was deafening. We had been at
the station about two minutes when
the explosion occurred. I was thrown
through the air about seventy-five feet.
There were about twenty-five men on
the platform and most of them were
non-union miners who worked on the
Findley. The Shurtleff shift had not
yet reached the depot, but was hurry
ing down the hilL Had these men
reached the platform the casualties
would have been doubled. There must
have been 300 pounds of powder used
and It must have been set off by an
electric spark or revolver, as the min
ers would have smelled the fuse if one
had been used."
George Remick was hurled many
feet from the platform, but escaped
with only a few bruises, although heavy
timbers and rocks fell all about him.
DEVICE OF A FIEND.
Amputations have been performed
upon most of the wounded and it is
almost certain that several of them will
die.
The seriously injured are: Philip
Chandler, John Collete, Ed Holland,
Daniel Garney. A. H. Allen, J. A.
Brooker, Edward Holland, John Pol
lice, Dan Gainey and Clarence Allen.
DEATH LIST WILL INCREASE.
of the dead, pieced together as well as
possible, were removed to the Coroner's
office. -
Sol-Jiers under the command of Major
Naylor this afternoon notified all
hardware and gun stores in Victor not
to sell any firearms or ammunition
without a permit from "him or the po
lice authorities and then to take the
name and description of the purchaser.
The demand will be complied with.
Among the mines that have already
closed are the Stratton Independence,
the Last Dollar, the Theresa and the
Shurtleff. These properties employed
nearly 1000 men.
City Marshal • O'Connell of Victor
was suspended by Mayor French and
Major H. A. Naylor was appointed
provisional marshal. O'Connell yielded,
although ho was strongly urged by
union miners to resist. .<
Without explanation and with a sud
denness that has caused great surprise.
Sheriff Henrv G. Robertson this after
noon resigned his position and Ed^ftrd
Bell was named to succeed him byMhe
County Commissioners. Bell is a mem
ber of the Citizens' Alliance.
City Marshal O'Connell of Victor has
sworn in a large number of special po
licemen, who are patrolling the streets
\v4th shotguns.
Many union men have armed them%
selves and say they will resist with
violence any attempt to run them out
of town, as is proposed. Detectives
have been engaged to shadow the
movements of everv prominent union
leader in the camp,
Clarence Hamlin of the , Mine Own
ers* Association arrived at Victor and
took charge of affairs over there. He
declared this afternoon that the men
who were responsible for the Independ
ence outrage should be hanged from
a telephone pole and that he. would be
only too glad to help pull the rope if
the murderers could be discovered and
captured.
SHERIFF QUITS HIS POST.
convinced that a terrible crime had
been committed.
Continued From Page I, Column 5.
Series of Bloody Affrays Follows Dia
bolical Crime of Fiends.
DENVER, June 6. — The Western
Federation of Miners will Investigate
the dynamite outrage at Cripple Creek.
At the session of the federation's con
vrntion to-day a committee consisting
of C. C. Mitchell of South Dakota, C.
Mahoney of Montana and Harry L.
I^ane of Nevada was appointed to go
to the Cripple Creek district and make
a thorough investigation and to spare
no one in its report.
Miners' Organization Will Investigate
the Dynamite Outrage.
FEDERATION TAKES ACTION".
The honeymoon will be spent in a lit
tle cottage across from Port Arthur at
a summer resort where only foreigners
go. Haskins bought a piece of property
there, and has built a home. The hap
py event is of great interest to promin
ent society people in this city, because
of the popularity of the groom, and a
mighty chorus of Los Angeles good
wishes accompanies Miss Gowan. The
lovers have not seen each other for two
years. ¦
LOS ANGELES, June 6.— "If you
can't come to get me I will go to you,"
wrote Miss Elizabeth Gowan, one of
San Francisco's fairest society girls, to
Thomas W. Haskins of Los Angeles,
who is now assistant secretary of the
United States Legation at Peking,
China, and without waiting for an an
swer she made her preparations for de
parture and will sail from San Fran
cisco on June 11 to join her future hus
band beyond the sea. All alone on the
big ship Siberia with a trunk filled with
pretty trousseau mysteries and a box
of wedding gifts In the hold below the
little bride-to-be will travel 7000 miles
and spend thirty long days of restless
anticipation. .
Tom Haskins is a graduate of the
University of California, and for two
years made a specialty of study on for
eign commerce. When Congress passed
an act authorizing the President to ap
point ten young men to go to China and
study the language for two years, two
of these men were suggested by Presl
dent;Wheeler of Berkeley, and Haskins
was one. He had been studying Chinese
for two years, stood high on the rec
ords, and left with enviable recom
mendations. 1 Minister Conger asked for
his appointment as assistant secretary
to the American Legation and it was
granted.
Upon Miss Gowan's arrival at Peking
she will become the guest of Mr. and
Mrs. Williams. Mr. Williams being the
secretary of the legation under Min
ister Conger, and Haskins' chief. The
wedding was not to take place until
September, but it is understood among
Haskins' friends In Los Angeles that
it. will occur shortly after Miss Gowan
arrives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Night Clerk Davis, who sleeps in the
office, says that he was awakened by
the sound of breaking glass, and a
pistol muzzle was pressed against his
head. He was ordered to make no out
cry, and then was marched over to the
safe and threatened with death if ha
did not open it up in short order. Un
der the threats of the desperado Davis
opened the door to the outer safe. The
robber took the bag of coin and imme
diately left.
Enough disturbance was created by
the robber in making his escape from
the office to attract the attention of
John McMillan, night watchman, and
Smith, the pier watchman. Both offi
cers started in pursuit of the robber,
calling on him to halt. The latter
quickened his pace, and when a shot
was fired over his head he whirled
about and exchanged shots with the
officers. None of the bullets, so far
as known, did any damage, and the
thief made good his escape in the dark
ness. He was traced to the beach,
where he made a wide detour to avoid
observation and then came uptown.
Oncjs on the streets, all trace of him
was lost.
LOXG BEACH. June 6.— Shortly be
fore daylight this morning a daring
robbery was committed here, the' safe
in the Pacific Electric Railway ticket
office having been rifled of $400 by a
masked map. The desperado compelled
Night Clerk Hugh _>avis at the point
of a* revolver to open the vault. The
thief was In such a hurry that the in
ner safe, containing $500, was not
touched.
BOLD ROBBERY
AT LONG BEACH
WILL CROSS
SEA TO MARRY
•DENVER, Colo., June 6.— Adjutant
General Bell was informed by tele
phone from Victor that an attack had
been made late this afternoon on
Miners' Union Hall by a squad of sol
diers. Major Naylor sent squads to
aid in quelling the disturbance on
Fourth street. When the uni
formed men swung into . Fourth
ptreet thev were fired upon from
houses on both sides of the street.
They returned the fire and raced on at
double, oulck until they were neat-
Miners' Union Hall. At that point the
mob had scattered and as the soldiers
halted several shots were fired at them
from the windows of the hall.
The doors of the building had been
left open and a dozen guardsmen fired
their rifles into the hall as fast as they
could work the mechanism of their
rifles. After a few volleys the order
to take the place by assault was given
and "they plunged in. It J was reported
to General Bell that a number of men
were killed, but none of the guardsmen
were injured.
The detail of guardsmen vps in com
mand of Captain Harry Gt Moore of
Cripple Creek.
The following union men were wound
ed: Peter Calderwood, Edwin Mc-
Kelvy, Arthur Parker, Thomas Mc-
Manus.
There were about sixty miners in the
hall. Soldiers stationed in the streets
and on roofs of buildings across the
street fired volleys through the cur
tained windows of the hall.
After exhausting their ammunition in
return fire the miners came downstairs
with hands uplifted and bearing a
white flag. They were surrounded by
the soldiers and escorted to the "bull
pen."
About 175 men are now held In the
military prison.
Attack the Headquarters of the Min
ers' Union.
TROOPS FIRE VOLLEYS.
Hogg as counsel, and, acting under his
advice, have decided to "remain here
until forced to leave. j| The following
telegram has been sent to President
Roosevelt at Washington, to which no
reply has yet been received: j. V
Have been ordered to leave our homes by
Jvne 7, but do not Intend to so. We, as
citizens of the United States, demand your
protection under the constitutional rights.
The civil courts would protect us. but they
are powerless. The Governor will not pro
tect us. *;¦;. O. A. FLOATEN.
M. J. SULLIVAN.
COMMANDER OF THE TROOPS AND
REPRESENTATIVE OF TUB GOVER
NOR AT VICTOR. . * : - -
Nearly all the mines in the district
had been closed by order of the Mine
Owners' Association, and hundreds of
miners flocked into town from the sur
rounding hills. Fully 1200 supporters
of the association gathered about Ar
mory Hall, where it was meetinsr. At
the same time 1000 men, armed with
all sorts of weapons, were assembling
on the vacant ground at the corner of
Victor avenue and Fourth street, in
response to a call for a mass-meetine.
Most of these were union men. who
declared their intention to resist to the
death any attempt to run them out of
the district. City Marshal Michael
O'Connell hurriedly swore In sev
eral hundred citizens, most of
them union men, as deputy po
licemen, after being refused ad
mission to the Mine Owners* head
quarters. After a conference with Sher
iff Bell and a number of mine owners
Mayor Frank D. French removed Citv
Marshal O'Connell, who then dismised
his deputies.
Then followed the rioting. After it
began Sheriff Bell ordered out all the
soldiers in the district. He also- ap
pointed'scores of deputies.
Previous to the rioting Sheriff Henry
M. Robertson had been summoned
to a meeting of the Mine Owners' Asso
ciation in Armory Hall by a committee
composed of C. C. Hamlin. secretary
of the association; J. S. Murphy, man
ager of the Findley mine, and L. E. Hill
of the Theresa. At this meeting his res
ignation was demanded. He yielded
to the demand. Then Edward Bell
was appointed by the County Commis
sioners to fill out Robertson's unex
plred term. Robertson was a union
miner before he was elected Sheriff.
Bell is a member of the Citizens' Alli
ance.
An eyewitness of the shooting said:
''I saw them carrying men away, one
shot through the head and another shot
through the arm. I think that a dozen
were shot."
SHERIFF MADE TO RESIGN*.
Secretary Hamlin, who had been
standing on a wagon, kept on talking,
unmindful of the hailstorm of bullets
that whizzed about his head. v^- •
After the first excitement had some
what died* out, the wounded and the
dying were gathered up.
R. McGee of Victor, who was in
stantly killed, had been, standing , en
an embankment thirty feet above the
men who had been fighting and was
an innocent spectator. Alfred Miller
and J. D. Davis were carried to the
Victor Hospital, where the latter died.
A free for all fight followed and
shooting began. . Most of the shots were
directed skyward.
Hoskins fell with a bullet In his body
and the crowd scattered in every di
rection. - •
HAILSTORM OF BULLETS.
William. Hoskins, a union miner from
Goldneld, threw up his hand and
shouted, "Let me talk."
At this the crowd began to hiss Hos
kins and cried, "Put him out."
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Juno
7.; — A special from Victor to the Ga
zette after midnight says: At 12:30
o'clock this morning the streets of Vic
tor were still tliron_ed with' men and
excitement ran high. Sheriff Bell
seems to have obtained control of the
situation at this hour, but the tension
is so high that any little thins might
cause an outbreak. Reports of Sheriff
Bell having been shot are without
foundation. Sheriff Bell has sworn in
more than 300 deputies. Store than
100 811*6818 had been made by mid
night.
VICTOR, Colo., June 6.— Rioting
broke out in this city this afternoon
while a mass meeting was being held
to discuss the murder of twelve non
union miners by means of an infernal
machine at Independence. Forty shots
were fired into the crowd in the street.
Two men were killed and at least nine
persons are injured. R.' McGee of Vic
tor was shot through tne heart and J.
D. Davis' skull was fractured by a
blow from a revolver.
The injured are: William Hosklns of
Golden, shot through the body and may
die; Alfred Miller of Goldneld. shot in
the body and may die; Peter Flem
ing; Fred Sturdevoss, engineer at In
dependence mine, Peter Crisman, S.
Murphy, H. Finch, and an unknown
woman.
Secretary Clarence C. Hamlin of the
Mine Owners' Association, concluding
a short address, had said:
"I want to hear what the boys In the
mines have got to say about this
trouble."
"The courts of the State have no
right to interfere with the military au
thorities and their handling of prison
ers.
"They have no power to attempt to
discharge military prisoners."
The contention of the appellant that
th«» military prisoners should be turned
over to the civil authorities is charac
terized by the court as absurd.
The question which the court was
asked to decide was of such vast Im
pi nance to the State that seven prom
itifnt lawyers wre asked as advisory
vi-uncil to submit opinions. Charles
Hughes, one of these, it is understood'
did not send in any opinion. The other
?:x pplit evenly. Those who sustained
the position of the Governor were At
lorneys I_ A. Goddard. Platt Rogers
and A- C Field. Former Governor
Charles S. Thomas, Leroy Stevick and
Harvey Kiddie dissented from the
opinion of the court.
DENVER, Colo., June 6.— The State
Supreme Court to-day refused the ap
plication for a writ cf. habeas corpus
lor Charles H. Moyer, president of the
Western Federation of Miners, who is
held as a military prisoner at Tel
luride by order of Governor James H.
Feebody. Thts Governor's action In
declaring martial law In San Miguel
County, Imprisoning Moyer and other
union men on the ground that they had
Incited insurrection and rebellion, sus
pending the writ of habeas corpus and
Ignoring the authority of the local
courts, as seems necessary to him in
maintaining law and order, is sus
tained. Chief Justice Gabbert and
Justice Campbell concurred in the de
cision. Justice Steele dissented.
The opinion of the court was given
by Chief Justice Gabbert. Its main
points are as follows:
"The Governor has sole power to de
termine when a state of Insurrection
exists in any county in the State. The
courts have no power to interfere with
his exercise of this prerogative.
"The Governor has the right to use
the military forces of the State to sup
press insurrection.
"He has also the power to order the
imprisonment and the killing 6f insur
rectionists if in his opinion that ex
tremity is necessary.
"He can detain military prisoners un
til he decides that the insurrection is
quelled.
Sheriff Believes He
Now Has Control
- of Situation. »
Union Leader Must
Remain a Mili
tary Prisoner.
Day of Battling in
Colorado Mining
Town.
Supreme Court Up
holds Governor
of Colorado.
RIOTERS FIRE INTO CROWD AT VICTOR
AND TROOPS SHOOT DOWN UNION MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1904.
3
Night Shirts for 35c
<— k^.-~ -.;.•,. A maker of sleeping gar-
<!•''¦ vk^^^li^^^^i merits, wishing to retire
jC*V*' !^*^ *%^_lrol? from the trade, sold us his
-Ovkjfe^' stock on hand at an ex-
m ' v%\'^i ; •-'• • W' ¦ /: tremely low cash price.
'••'"•iv^^-- e can reta^ these night-
YV %^||fe ;^^1^ shirts for about the cost of
>^V**"^-^^i% N \^8pi- the material alone. ¦
ls& A 1 "^'^ -•¦'^^k^v'- :••¦¦:••.•:• ,-^|e' They are made of good
i^^^^^^^^p^^ quality muslin; cut full-
i^^^JV ¦-.-¦ r^^^k*%v ¦*> size in width and length;
'*'" 'Fpsk \. %^&r double-sewed scams ; carc-
;i^$||?^V ,<i^^ fully worked buttonholes;
: ' : "•¦• *¦'' \pSM*^ pearl buttons; some plain
white, others with feather-
edge trimming on collar,
cuffs, pocket and front^ some with collars, some without;
they arc good garments in every way; sizes 15, 16, 17, 18
_ and 19. While they last we will sell them for — 35c.
-«*•**" __________________
Out-of-town orders filled — ivrite vs.
740 Market Street
ADV__.Tis__I_KTSw
Of the United States Treasury Recommends
Pe-ru-na.
Another Prominent Physician Uses g 55 * 5 * 525 * 5 * 55^^^^^^^^ 55^?
and Endorses Pe-ru-na. \
r\R. LLEWELLYN JORDAN. Modi- .^^S^^^^^^K^^^^S^i
JL/cal Examiner of the U. S. Treasury - £&^2&?^*i&wW^Wt^V-
Department, graduate of Columbia J^^^^>0k^^t*<& l^^m
College, and who served three years at ET^gs^3S^'JK?-^* : §;^i^^S'SS3«
West Point, has the followins to say of
"Allow me to express my grati- r /^':i:::.:::£:*^^___^^^^^^
¦ myself a well man after months W^^^^^^^0^^^^^^^
A constantly increasing number of *^^_^^^^^^'^^^Ww^l^y
physicians prescribe Peruna in their , /„! V^HSwJSiWm^^^W^^^k
practice. It has proven its merits so Mfj^ffi}.^S^llfw \^R@S^_K&_H
thoroughly that even the doctors have i^^^S£_aiM_8^^_aWK
overcome thr>ir prejudice against so- '
called patent medicines and recommend gXftfl MKjE^SaER a&EHBBWJ
Peruna occupies' a unique positfbn in I
medical science. It Is the only internal ', I '_^£*^*! l^_^ffi_ilSwlSBBS
systemic catarrh remedy known to the' > HHg£ $4b.4iKk?DSm*§»S*W8wHc^
medical profession to-day. Catarrh, as X > N^'^»vA*j^ 1 *«iy ;i 'ty_G_a2RS
everyone will admit, is the cause of one- Y «l f ?H$V**33bS&S«_£^S^
half the diseases which afllict mankind. \ H^^flmSSS^BflEBg^^^S
Catarrh and cutarrhal diseases afflict \*%£
tiZ^L^ aC * Ua/nia T S 7*°} Dr. Llewellyn do^Tan \
*have been cured or relieved of* \
"catarrh by the use of Hartman' s\ Medical Examiner United i
* Peruna, lean confident ly recom-f Statcs 1 rga8Upy j
.mend it to those suffering fromi »s*»««W35S$«3«««S«S«33^^
\\such disorders, and have no hesi-f nerve centers which give vitality to tha
. . ¦ , ? mucous membranes. Then catarrh dic-
tation in prescribing It to myh appears. Then catarrh Is permanently
.patients."— Robert R. Roberts. \ cn lf- „ , , . ,.
.. * If you do not derive prompt and satia-
••••¦"•"• *»•••••••• factory results from the use of Peruna,
Catarrh Is a systemic disease curable write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving »
only by a systemic treatment- A remedy rul1 statement of your case, and he will
that cures catarrh must aim directly at De pleased to give you his valuable ad-
the depressed nerve centers. This Is vlce gratis,
what Peruna does. Address Dr. Hartman. President of Th«
Peruna immediately Invigorates the • Hartmen Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohlow
ADVXBTISKTWTIfra.
1 j Cut the Can ||
!_¦ * s^ compere (he quality of Kg
B Brand fi
S Evaporated m
B Cream m
RSwith any of Its imitations, flj
! 9| Note the difference. See how fia
Wfifl smooth and appetizing ourfis
u9 product is, owing to its fXjj|
l' M heavy consistence, v hlch *33|
1 £ keeps the butter fat equally SSI
1 _¦ <!— tributed, in contrast with BSrl
31 the cheap and thin imita- ftfsf
liir\ tior-s which allow ths but- *§>»
JJH& ter fat to rise and form ffg&.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for aver a quarter of a century
PREPARED BV
cK 'A. ' <>£&'<r74).mZ}JZ/.c>.
Try one drop of Schilling's
Best lemon extract in half-a-
glass of water.
Try how many drops of some
other extract it takes to flavor
as much.
_jtw£r»f«i'i; SMOerbiclbMayor of New Market Spends a Week
at the Fair and His Frugality
Disappoints the Pike.
ST. LOUIS. June 6.— "Bill" Smith
has just started for California after
week spent at the World's Fair at an
outlay of less than $100. St. Louis
had an entirely 'wrong tip on "Bill."
The news came that he proposed sepa
rating himself from a considerable
part of his inheritance. Consequently
the pike was in a state of delightful
expectancy awaiting the arrival of the
Mayor of New Market, but he was as
frugal as he wa,s on his milk wagon.
He put up at a cheap boarding-house
and spent an average of $20 per day
for the board and sightseeing of his
whole family.
PASADENA MAN SUES
CITY OF PROVIDENCE
Claims Damages Because He Was Do*
nosed From Superintendency
of Schools.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., June 6. — For
mer Superintendent of Schools Horace
S. Tarbell. who Is now a resident of
Pasadena, California, brought suit for
510,000 to-day against the city of
Providence for. having deposed him as
superintendent, and thereby, he
claims, inflicted* a blow to his reputa*
tlon and business. He was ousted on
July 1, 1902, and. claims his term ex
pired on August 13, 1902.
Plasterer Killed by a Fall.
SAN DIMAS, June 6. — C. J. Abbott,
a plasterer, fell from a scaffold while
at work on the Willet building here
this afternoon and was instantly
killed. His skull was crushed.
LISBON, June G. — The KlnK and Queen were
present to-night at the ball Riven by Minister
Bryan In honor of the officers of tho American
squadron. . '
The groom was formerly stationed
in Havana and a love match, then be%
gun, ripened into a matrimonial al
liance through the. medium of Uncle
Sam after Scott settled in Houston.
His duties prevented his going for his
fiancee and her parents objected to
her leaving without being married.
The novel recourse was decided upon
and arrangements made In detail by
mail. Mrs. Scott is now en route to
this city.
HOUSTON. Tex., June 6. — Edel
more Scott of this city nnd a Cuban
belle of Havana were united in mar«
riage yesterday by proxy. A friend
of the groom represented him in Ha
vana, going through the marriage cer
emony In his behalf with the bride.
A young lady of this city represented
the fair Cuban. There was the usual
participation of bridesmaids and best
man at each ceremony.
, . . — — — , . .
Ceremonies Are Performed Simultan
. cously in Cities of Houston
and Havana.
TEXAS MAN MARRIES
CUBAN BELLE BY PROXY
LOUISVILLE. Ky., June 6. — On ac
count of the scarcity of crates, strar.'
berry shipping from Louisvili?, Ky..
p.nd New Albany, Ind., which has been
something enormous, probibly will
collapse after to-day. The available
supply of crates is exhausted and
strawberry growers will lose thou
sands of dollars as a result. The sea
son is at its height and tho crop is the
most abundant ever known.
Kentucky nnd Indiana Shippers Un
able to Handle Crop Beiai>yt> of
Scarcity of Crates.
STRAWBERRY GROWERS WILL
LOSE ON SEASON'S OUTPUT
NEW YORK. June 6. — In an at
tempt to stop the numerous attacks
upon automobilists in some sections
of New York. Police Commissioner
McAdoo has sent out four big cars
loaded with officers. in citizen's dress
to decoy the hoodlums into the hands
of the authorities, as it has become
a dangerous matter in the past few
weeks for chauffeurs to reach the fer
ries along the East River. The ruse
by the police worked well. They were
assailed repeatedly and several arrests
were made. Most of the prisoners
were half grown boys.
Police in Plain Clothes Ride in Auto
mobiles and Locate Dan
gerous Gang.
ASSAILANTS OF CHAUFFEURS
CAUGHT IN CLEVER TRAP
LEAVENWORTH. Kans.. June 6. —
J. E. Marcell, the former cashier of
the wrecked Highland Bank, sen
tenced to thirty-five years in prison,
five years on each of seven counts of
forgery, which is said to have amount
ed to $200,000, has been placed at
work as an apprentice under Emmet
Dalton, the former outlaw. In the tai
lor shop at the Kansas penitentiary.
His health is poor and he was given
light work. Marcell cannot be paroled
until he has served at least eighteen
years of his sentence.
Former Cashier Marcell Apprentice
Tailor Under Emmet Dalton at
Ijeavenwortli Penitentiary.
OUTLAW TEACHES B.WKKR
TO MAKE PRISON CLOTHES
BOSTON, June 6. — The "music
cure" has been taken up by Boston
society and its devotees are said to be
numbered by hundreds. Its advocates
assert that music has an extraordinary
power to cure many ills, especially
those of a nervous origin. In one in
stance an aggravated attack of neu
ralgia of three weeks' standing is re
ported to have been cured in half an
hour by the playing of music in a
minor key on a piano. No particular
instrument is favored, but a violin Is
most frequently employed.
Numerous Society People of Hub Said
to Believe Violin Is Better
Than a Plaster.
"MUSIC CURF." FAD TAKES
ROOT AMONG BOSTONIANS
Mrs. Bailey and Miller were to have
been married within a week. The
shooting took place in Mrs. Bailey's
apartments and it was four hours la
ter before the police were Informed.
The theory of the police is that Mrs.
Bailey shot Miller while in a jealous
rage because of his failure to name a
definite day for the wedding ceremony.
Little is known of Mrs. Bailey's life
prior to the death of her husband. Dr.
S. G. Bailey, who was a member of the
staff of Wesley Hospital and a lecturer
at the hospital clinics. Her maiden
name was Barrett.
'CHICAGO, June 6.— When Mrs. Re
becca Bailey called at the Wesley Hos
pital to see her fiance. Loul3 Miller,
who had been taken to the Institution,
fatally wounded by a bullet, she
was arrested on a charge of shoot-
Ins him. At the time of her arrival the
man was making an ante-mortem
statement, accusing her and the police
were searching for her. He died soon
afterward.
It Is taken by District Attorney Gar
van to show clearly that 'no idea of
suicide had entered Young's mind at
that time.
That remark .made by "Caesar"
Toung to Frederick Michaels, the cab
man who drove the horseman down
town w ; ith "Nan" Patterson, throws
strong light on the^mental condition of
the man, who, it is asserted by the
woman, committed suicide a few min
utes later.
NEW YORK, June 6.— "Hurry up
and get to the Fulton-street, pier, as
quickly as you can. I'm afraid I'm
late."
Young's Order Indicates That He Did
Not Contemplate Suicide.
TOIiI> CABMAN" TO HURRY.
In New Rochelle funeral services
over the body of Young were held. The
interment will take place to-morrow
morning.
John Randolph Patterson, the aged
and decrepit father of "Nan," Is in
New York battling for the freedom of
his daughter. "Nan" had been es
tranged from her parents, but when the
present trouble came upon her, her
old father, whose home Is In Washing
ton, forgot the differences of the past
and brought with him to his daughter
the blessing of her mother and assur
ance that his last dollar would be spent
in her defense.
Patterson is not a man of wealth,
but it now appears there is to be no
lack of money for the defense of his
daughter. "Nan" Patterson had other
admirers than "Caesar" Young and
funds will be ready to meet any emer
gency. It may be that real estate ball
will be refused to-morrow, in which
event $5000 cash' will be forthcoming.
Unger does not place too much reli
ance in what Dooley says, recognizing
that there are some points of his story
which do not coincide with what has
been told by "Nan" Patterson.
FDENRAL SERVICES HELD.
Henry W. Unger is of the opinion
that the story told "by James E. Dooley
may have an important bearing on the
case. Dooley says:
"I had been at work on the Richard
Peck, which lies up in Peck slip., on
East River. I was paid off last Thurs
day, and as I left the ship I was ac
costed by a longshoreman with whom
I have been acquainted several months.
He wae "broke," and I purchased a re
volver from him. It was a Smith &
Wesson, hammerless, with a black grip.
When I bought the weapon it was
fully loaded, but I shot at a bird in the
river and did not replace the cartridge.
"On Friday night I was out with
sr.me friends and drank too much. By
Saturday rr.orning 1 had no money left
and needed a drink. I was on Broad
way. When near the corner of How
ard street I met a well-dressed
stranger, wJio showed that he had been
drinking. I asked him for the price of
a drink and he took me into a saloon,
where he offered to buy champagne. I
told hkn that wine was too rich for
me. and that what I wanted was some
thing to cool my thirst.
"We had several drinks and were
about to separate when he said he
wanted to buv a revolver. I offered
mine to him and he said that it would
do. He gave me $2 and he showed a
large roll of bills. I asked him what
he wanted with the revolver and he
said that he wanted to do up a woman
or that a woman was going to do him
up. I don't remember which it was,
but it was to do with a woman. I
saw nothing of a woman with him and
I saw nothing of a cab. I know that
it was about half-past eight o'clock
Saturday morning, or perhaps a few
minutes later, when I left the man
who had purchased my revolver. I
say a picture of Young this afternoon.
I am positive he is the man who pur
chased the revolver from me."
STORY TOLD BY DOOLEY.
Mrs. Patterson appeared confident.
She returned to her cell in the Tombs
believing that her release would soon
come.
Garvan. representing the District At
torney, said an adjournment of the ex
amination was necessary for a proper
presentation of the facts. Levy de
manded an immediate hearing, but
consented to an adjournment until Fri
day if moderate bail would be ac
cepted. Garvan said he would be sat
isfied If Mrs. Patterson furnished $10,
000. Coroner Brown reduced the
amount to $5000 and by so doing awak
ened the ire of District Attorney Je
rome. Later It was announced that no
bail would be accepted, and this re
suited in a writ of habeas corpus
which will bring on a conflict in court
to-morrow and which may result in
prompt and sensational action by the
District Attorney.
A bond trill be offered for the release
of the woman to-morrow, and if this
is refused her release on a writ of
habeas corpus will be urged. This
move forces the hand of District At
torney Jerome, end he will vigorously
combat the writ. He will urge that
Mrs. Patterson be held without bail
until Friday, when he will be ready to
go on with the examination.
Mrs. Bailey Calls on Man
Shot in Her Apartments
and Is Arrested for Crime
VISITS MILLER
AND IS JAILED
The Yuma project, in Southern Cali
fornia is one of the most Important of
the several projects now under way.
J. B. Lipplncott Is supervising engineer
of all the work of the department in
California. Mr. Newell is now in Cali
fornia looking over the work so far
as it has progressed. It will probably
be three Years before . this enterprise
is completed.
Each proiect has its own resident en
gineer. He prepares the first plans A
board of consulting engineers goes over
these on the ground. If approved they
are submitted to the chief engineer and
If accepted by, him are submitted final
ly to the Secretarv of the Interior.
The reclamation service claims with
some pride to be modeled upon the
military service in its discipline as well
as Its formation and procedure, but
its battles are waged chiefly In the ap
propriations committee on Capitol Hill
and Its victories are those of peace.
The Truckee project in Nevada will
probably be the first of the Beveral
enterprises completed. It, however, is
only the first in a comprehensive sys
tem bv which some 3,000,000 acres will
be watered. The system contemplates
the diversion of the Humboldt, Carson,
Truckee and Walker rivers. None of
these rivers now flow to the sea, but
are lost in what are known as the
Humboldt and Carson sinks. Thev will
be tapped high above these sinks,
turned one into the other and led out
over the thirsty land.
.As illustrating the thoroughness of the
work of the survey the Yuma project is
an example. The land to be.irrigated Is
in California, but for this purpose the
waters of the Grande River in Colo
rado, one of the principal tributaries
of the Colorado River, is to be stored.
The dam site is at Kremmling and Is
1200 miles from Yuma. The waters
are to be allowed to flow down this
long distance during the periods of low
water on the lower Colorado. This dis
trict dam Bite was chosen after very
careful investigation had shown there
was no available site on the main
stream. '
There, is a little army or over 350
men in the Held engaged in this work
under th^ immediate direction of F. H.
Newell, chief engineer, geological sur
vey, who Is of course under the Secre
tary of the Interior. The region they
work over Includes an area of 1,333,000
square miles. They have for years
been measuring the streams every
where available for irrigation pur
poses, making notes of the topography
of the land, investigating the water
under as well as upon the earth and
in every way providing the department
Mvith data valuable to its purpose. In
the definite work since the enactment
of the law there has been first a recon
naissance survev. then a study of the
•water ' in the stream. If sufficient a
thorough survev follows, the location
of the- dam site arid the location of
canal lines. Then there is the studv of
the soil, by which is determined the
size of the farm in its preparations to
estimating the cost and assessment.
YUMA PROJECT.
been made and the prospect that in a
few years so much can be written down
as- completed <• and .such vast, areas
brought under cultivation.
J. B. LIPPINCOTT, ENGINEER IN
CHARGE OF RECLAMATION
WORK IN CALIFORNIA.
Showing little the effect of the forty
hours ehe had spent in the Tombs,
"Nan" Patterson appeared in the Cor
oner's court to-day. None of her
friends were with her. but she was
supported by her counsel, "Abe" Levy.
The proceedings In court were brief.
It became known to-day that when,
last Saturday, the learned that Young,
with his wife, intended sailing for
Europe, "Nan" Patterson prepared to
f^low them. It is paid that she even
went so far as to arrange for passage
on one ef the Fteamships sailing from
New York to-morrow.
In her letter to him *he said that she
would not let him leave ner. Again she
spoke of being desperate enough for
any act when she thought of being
separated.
Assistant District Attorney Ganvan
also has in his porsession an affidavit
made by William Luse. the brother-in
law of Young. Luse says Young was
threatened by "Nan" Patterson and
wai» in fear of her. Young had written
several letters to the woman and it was
to obtain- possession of them that he
saw her last Friday night and again
early Saturday morning.
Detectives have reported to the As
sistant District Attorney that the re
volver used to kill Young had been Bold
from the establishment of Shoverling,
Daly & Gales, at 202 Broadway. Jos
eph Gales said to-night he had reason
for believing the revolver was one of
a lot sect to a San Francisco retailer.
If that Is the case the work </t the de
tectives will be greatly simplified.
HKARING IS ADJOURNED.
One of thp letters that w?-re written
by "Nan" Patterson to Young shows
that the actress was much distressed
at the prospect of separating. "Nan"
Patterson was to have Eailed for Eu
rope early last month. Passage for
h^r was engaged and paid for by
Young, but at the last moment she re
fused to go unless he would go with
her.
James J. Dooley, a young deck hand
on a steamboat, to-night informed
Henry W. Unger. counsel for Mrs. Pat
t»-rtion, that he sold to Young the re
volver with which the shooting was
rtcne. Dooley's story was told in a
6traJg-htforward manner and it is ap
parent that he is truthful, but the cir
cumstances would seem to prove that
he :.- mfi taken and that the revolver he
disposed of is not the one in the prea
t-nt case.
Dr. Phillip O. Hanlon, the Coroner's
physician, who made the post mortem
examination of the body of Young,
To-nipht made a statement In which he
said the wound could have been in
flicted by Young only if the revolver
had been pushed far to the left and the
trigger pressed with Young's thumb.
The make of the revolver is such thiit
it Is impossible for it to be discharged
in the manner described by Dr. Han
lon. Moreover, a revolver held in the
way the description says Young must
have held the weapon to commit sui
cide could by no possibility have left
powder marks on the fingers, though
the powder might have burned the
thumb. No powder marks were on
Young's thumb.
LETTERS CONTAIN' THREATS.
NEW YORK, June 6.— Light may be
thrown to-morrow upon the ownership
¦jf the revol\er with which "Caesar"
Ycung was Fbot. Detectives have
traced th<? revolver from the manufac
turer to the retailer and there are good
irasons for believing the ownership of
tte weapon will be established.
AESistact District Attorney Garvan
is so certain that this important eri
cence will be obtained that he could
not restrain his elation to-night,
i hough he refused to discuss the sub
ject for publication.
Sptclal DU^atch to Tn» Call
PARIS, June 6.— Referring to the dis
patch from Malaga, saying that the
Spanish battleships Pelaya and Nu
mancia and the armored cruiser Cls
neros had sailed for Tangier, the For
eign Office here says it received a de
nial of a similar report previously pub
lished, but is not aware whether the
warships have gone to Morocco.
The rumors current in Madrid to-day
that the powers have exchanged notes
relative to restricting American opera
tions in Morocco are discredited by the
Foreign Office. • -
LONDON, June 6.— The fears ex
pressed at Madrid that the action of
the United States in sending a fleet to
Tangier was due to the American de
sire for a port on the west coast of
Morocco, and the rumors at the Span
ish capital of an exchange of notes
between the European powers, with the
view to obtaining assurance that the
American action will be confined to
liberating Perdlcarls and Varley, are
not shared and are not confirmed at
the Spanish Embassy here. The Span
ish Government appears to be acting in
perfect harmony with Great Britain
and the United States and no "appre
hension is expressed in official circles
that the United States has any designs
except to insure the safety of Perdi
caris and American citizens.
C RUMOR IS DISCREDITED.
The Navy Department sees no oc
casion to diminish the naval force at
Tangier, notwithstanding that several
suggestions that such a course would
be beneficial have appeared in the Eu
ropean press. However, this has been
left In the hands of Admiral Chad-,
wick. ¦ ¦
SPAIN NOT APPREHENSIVE.
The feeling prevails at the State De
partment that yesterday marked the
crisis In Tangier, so far as it relates
to the possibility of a Moorish uprising
growing out of the large foreign fleet
in the harbor.
GIBRALTAR. June 6.— The British
battleship Prince of Wales will sail for
Tangier to-morrow. The other ships
of: the' British Mediterranean squad
ron, whlch> were to have sailed for
Italy fo-day, have been ordered to re"
main here. It is reported that the
French Mediterranean squadron Is on
its way to Tangier.
WASHINGTON. June 6.— Rear Ad
miral Chadwick, in a cablegram to the
Navy Department to-day, said tliat the
British Minister at Morocco had re
quested the British Government to send
a' battleship to Tangier, and gave the
information that the Sultan of Morocco
was expected to arrive at Tangier. The
admiral advised the department, fur
ther, that the general opinion in Tan
gier was that the naval forces In the
harbor should not be reduced.
"NAN" PATTERSON'S
HEARING DELAYED
Woman's Rich Admirers Are
Coming to Her Aid and
Will Provide Funds for
Her Fiirht for Freedom
Reports That Spanish War
Vessels Were Sent Be
cause of Distrust of Amer
ica Are Not Credited
CRISIS AT HAND
ON MOORISH SOIL
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. June 6. — Reve
| nue Agent August W. Blzot to-day re
j newed. by filing another suit, the pro
i ceedings inaugurated by William Wel
• ler Jr. during his term as revenue
agent against the Southern Pacific
I Railroad Company for bac k taxes on
; property worth $90,000,000. The
'actual amount in litigation is $3,000,
: 000, being taxe-s at an average rate
i of TO cents on the hundred upon a
i $90,000,000 property for five years.
The suit instituted by Agent Weller
resulted in a compromise, the com
pany agreeing to pay taxes to the ex
tent of $312,000. Weller prayed the
recovery of only $1,000,000, while
Bizot asks for $3,050,000. The differ
ence arises out of the difference of
; conception of the defendant's liability.
\ Bizot contends that the Southern Pa
j cific is a holding company and that as
: its holdings are in Kentucky it must
pay taxes here on Its holdings every
where, including steamboat, steamship
and railway lines over the world at
I large. As to the conpromise effected
! by Weller, Bizot says:
"The Court of Appeals decided in
the case of the city vs. the Louisville
Railway Company that a compromise
of a tax suit operates only as a credit
and that no taxes can be compromised
; so as to settle the claim except par- I
tially, to the extent that the amount
; paid sets off the amount due."
Xew York Officials Believe |
the Weapon With Which;
Young Was Slain Was Pur-!
chased in San Francisco
•
DIFFERS FROM WELLER
.
Says Corporation Should Be
Compelled to Pay Duty on
Holdings All Over Country
British Crbvernmeiit Heeds
Minister's Request for a
Strong Naval Force at
the Capital of Morocco
The law creating the reclamation
service providing for these great Irri
gation enterprises, which are designed
tn cover the entire arid regions so far
as that Is possible, was passed June 17.
1902. and is due to President RooseVelt
and his interest and knowledge of the
situation more than to any other man
or Instrumentality. The whole Western
country was thrilled with the possibili
ties as presented at that time. The
average layman, however, viewed ' the
undertakings as a matter of. decades
rather than years before they could be
expected to bear fruit. They did i not
know that for twenty-six years the
Geological Survey, with" Its hydro
graphic division, had been taking and
storing away careful notes of the. face
of- nature with this very law.' In mind.
T. W. Powell, at the head of that de
partment for nearly a quarter of a cen
tury, ia referred to as the father of
irrigation In this country. So that the
very day following the passage of the
act — so had preparations been made —
men were sent into the field to begin
the practical work contemplated by the
law. They knew Just what , of the
parched and barren regions it was best
to relieve in the first attack, and just
about where the dams could be built
to the best advantage. And this ac
counts for the great progress that has
North Dakota— Fort Bedford project,
taking water from Yellowstone River
in Montana, cost $1,200,000.
Oregon — Malheur "project, costing
J2.000.000.
Utah— Conservation of water In Utah
Lake at cost of about *' 000,000.
Washington — Reclamation of land
nenr Posco. cost about $1,000,000.
Wyoming — Storage and diversion ot
Shoshone River near Cody, for which
$2,250,000 Is allotted.
Nevada — Truckee - Carson project,
now under construction, to cost about
$3,000,000.
New Mexico— Hondo project, 'to cost
$350,000. • - -.
So the more you look at this enter
prise of the Government the more
pleasing and inspiring it is. Moved by
it, the question at once occurs, "How
are lands to be secured under the law
that is to work this charm?" The an
swer is simply "the homestead law" —
the homestead law modified. The num
ber of acres that may be taken up by
Individuals varies according to cli
mate, soil and other conditions. The
Secretary of the Interior fixes the unit
under each project upon reports made
to him as to these conditions. They
run from .160 acres to forty acres. For
it will be seen that forty acres of irri
gated land in California, for instance,
is more attractive to a settler than ICO
acres would be In some remote part of
Arizona. The settler must agree to pay
the cost of the improvement. The
Government agents assess this propor
tionately over all the land benefited. It
is to be paid In ten annual payments.
This assessment represents the exact
cost and with no interest. Of course,
the cost is not the same in any two
cases, nor is the area benefited the
same, all of which raises Interesting
questions that must be met by the in
dividual and that make no part of this
story. This story is of the magnificent
enterprise and much more magnificent
results in bulk. Seeing that the Gov
ernment is put to it to reclaim the des
ert for the reason that there ia need of
it, there will be little disposition to
quibble among the beneficiaries. In
truth the. anxiety is on the other hand.
It no sooner becomes known that an
irrigation district is to be formed than
settlers rush In and file upon the land,
thereby taking every chance of throw
ing away their rights. For the law
requires that water must be put upon
the land within one year from the date
of filing and in no instance can -the
Government do this. Government
agents are continually warning settlers
of the conditions and of the risk they
take In making filings or settling upon
lands prematurely. The Secretary of
the Interior will give due notice when
entries may be made with safety. The
works now determined upon are as fol
lows:
Arizona — Salt River project, where
$3,000,000 is to be expended.
California — So-called Yuma project,
on the Colorado River, to cost $3,000,000.
Colorado — Uncompahgre project to
cost $2,000,000.
Idaho — Minidoka project, for which
$2,600,000 Is allotted.
Montana— Milk River project, to cost
$1,500,000.
But the four millions placed upon
profitable farming lands and the other
millions in the towns or cities created
as a result only form .a part of the
picture. There is in the first place the
imrriense impulse given to manufac
tures in supplying tools and equip
ment; there is the impulse to railroad
building in the development of the
co-untry and in the distribution of the
product of these fruitful fields. With
the extension of railroads a thousand
mining enterprises that wait upon
them will come into being.
Every one of the Irrigation projects
of the Government contemplates the
generation of electric power far beyond
its own needs or the needs of the fartn
ers. This will aid the mirier and the
manufacturer. So it will be seen that
the "Reclamation Service." which came
into being only two years ago, is en
gaged in a big and beneficent work.
The $27,000,000— the first cpst of the
work now under way — Is the govern
mental loan to prosecute the work as
planned in twelve States and Territo
ries. This money, so it is arranged by
law, will be paid back to the Govern
ment 'by those who take up the land
under the provisions of the law and
then the Government will straightway
spend It again on other reclamation
undertakings, for which reconholssance
is already being made. And when
these other works are completed and
the money they cost returned It will be
spent again on still other works. And
so the reclamation service will con
tinue widening the area of bloom In the
desert until there Is no desert, or at
least no further waters with Which to
reclaim It.
A PLEASING VIEW.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON,. June 6.— The twenty
seven million dollars to be sown through
the arid regions of the West by the
Government in irrigation work will, it
is estimated, cause a hundred million
acres of the desert to turn bountiful,
to give, pfosperous place to four- mil
lion people, to warrant the building of
cities c/f a population double that num
ber. And the works upon which -this
money is to be expended are expected
to be completed within four years as
the outer limit. Some of them will be
completed .within two years. It* is a
very moving picture, therefore, that is
presented to the mind with this ener
getic work in progress in the West.
The value of this vast area of land
is now nil. With the work completed
and the water turned on, a value will
have been created averaging $43 an
acre, or $4,300,000,000. As for the cost
of the vast improvements making all
this possible, expfffts say that the value
of the first crop >aken from the land
will match it.
BY S. W. WALL.
Millions Appropriated
to Reclaim Our
Arid Lands.
MAY TRACE
REVOLVER'S
OWNERSHIP
BIZOT CLAIMS
TAXES ARE DUE
Be venue Agent Commences
an Action for a Large Sum
Against Southern Pacific
BATTLESHIP
IS ORDERED
TO TANGIER
ALMOST LIKE MAGIC WILL
BE GROWTH OF THE WEST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE T, 1904.
VICTORIA, June 6. — Francis Carter
Cotton, proprietor and editor, of the
Vancouver T News- Advertiser, was
sworn In to-day :as president- of the
Council of the British Columbia Gov
ernment. He was Finance Minister in
the Semlln Cabinet. , " ..
Vancouver Journalist Becomes an Of
ficial in British Columbia
Government. .
EDITOR COTTON TAKES
• HIS SEAT 'IN COUNCUj
TRENTON, N. Y.. June 6. — Counsel
for Edward II. Harriman and Winslow
S. Pierce to-day filed In the United
States Circuit Court a second amend
ed bill In the suit brought by them
to restrain the carrying out of the
proposed pro rata plan of distribution
of the assets of the Northern Securi
ties Company. The amendments are
intended to ( meet the points raised at
the recent argument of the case be
fore Judge Bradford.
Files Amended Bill In Suit to Prevent
Pro I (at a Distribution \
'£', .*- ' of Shares.
HAKRIMAX MEETS POINTS
RAISED IN MERGER CASE
"BILL" SMITH ON THE
ROAD TO CALIFORNIA
4
Mav be gone and yet the remaining Ittng
will be amply sufiicient to sustain a vigor-
ons ritality. Aa a general thing few peo-
ple make more use of both lungs. than is
equivalent to a healthy use of one lung.
These fact* are all in the favor of the
man or woman with weak lungs, even
when disease has a strong grip on them.
,_ _g<c"^_ t _jT^ Many a person
F^,,p i^^^^V i ~|c living in health
j { ¦*^*5te 0 I" 13 ? 8 marked by
1^^ *Wj Y'Jyx "*«» Hie healed scars
V\ l^^^v^S en Medical
\^\\ \ '*' j Discovery makes
M, _L \* weak lungs
r\ h I - 1 strong. It cures
* I obstinate, deep-
l_ |" _ J^. seated coughs,
£f" "WSyfflT bronchitis, bleed-
Jjjfi(|g3 .* ing lungs and
tfcjvffi lt g^$* other conditions,
¦77* I V^*f which, if neglect-
B£r i ~# ed or unskilfully
¦ 1 _T. M » treated, find a
% j" " \ fatal termination
I \ T"* 1 in consumption.
V J "I had been troub-
L iflrffiW'ti ¦ Jed with luu? dis-
BM^^^VW"Kf38S9fe t*at and pleurisy
IU"*" U Wlfm tor a ironker of
In a til /fcg rears and the trouble
KVH ft w Alf&& "*<* almost become
Ft* a £> >«J chronic." writes A. S.
\ j ff f£?f Klam. of Howe. Ia.
"Had several kiadt
ot re? didr» from different physicians without
cinch benefit. At last irrote to Dr. B. V. Pierce
and rot bis advice, and began usinz his ' Golden
Heiicil Diacorery.' I hare used twenty-fire
bottles. Warn I commenced takin? it I bad no
appetite, toy system was completely run-down,
t«d no ambition to do anything. Now I feel
belter than I did before I got sick. Have a good
appetite and am able to do my work. I sio-
eerely recowirnend Dr Pierce 1 * Golden Medical
Discovery to all who are afiicted as I wav"
Those who suffer from chronic dis-
eases are invited to consult Dr. Pierce,
by letter, free All correspondence
strictly private. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
- Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets assist the
•ction of the " Discover/."
one am®
DE. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Cbas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under nis
personal supervision for over SO years. Allow no on«
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
" Just-as-good" are but Experiments, and endanger tho
health of Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its ape is its gruarantee. It destroys Vanxa
and allays FeverLshness. It cures Diarrhoea and AV md
Colic. It relieves Teething: Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates tho
Stomach and Bowels, gfivingr healthy and natural sleep.
Tho Children's Panacea— Tho Mother's Friend.
Tie Kind You tee Always Bought •
ym Bears the Signature of Mm m
In Use For Over 30 Years.
TH« CCKT1UK COMMNV. TT MtlMtaV SST»C£T» SI«WT«I»« CITT.
w " ¦ ADVEBTISEMENTa.
fVATURSS CUBE FOR &Zf&~\
DNsmMnm
HALF A GLASS O// , >-^J
f .. AR/S/HG OF « { ~ 0 \*
SANTA BA0BA#A Af///£AAL WAT£RJ
¦ B1TTH INI A]
fromTvery view point
Our laundry work on the finest of fab-
rics is a thing of beauty and a Joy to
the wearer.
We give special attention to neglige
garments, with the result that colors
are not affected an lota and their fit
and finish Is as perfect as when new.
We'll call for yours whenever and
wherevar you'll say.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MARKET STREET.
Telephone South. 420.
Prsfiy Tooth In a Good Koulh
ar» Ilk* Jewels well set. Car beat mea
and womea hare oado Eozodost ti«
Standard.
BEST as. TEETH
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
or the
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
¦ Limited.!
OP LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE SIS?
day of December. A. l>. 1OCJ. and for tr.»
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State ot Cali-
fornia, pnrsuant to the provisions of Sadies*
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condense
as per blank furnished by th« Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $173, 170 97
Cash Market Value ot all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 575.7VJ o<J
Cash tn Banks ." «1.««J «
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.750 ud
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion S3.9<a ttl
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marina Risks 1^0 04
Rents due and accrued . .*. SCO Od
Total Assets *Sdt*.eOl It
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses adjusted Ind unpaid 11.703 4?
Losses in process of Adjustment or
tn Suspense 17,y61 77
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. S3J3.713 10;
reinsurance SO Per cent 149.354 94
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $137.-
019 18: reinsurance pro rata 83,03 09
Due and to become due for Salaries. -
Rents, etc 4,079 U
Due and to become dua for Cora-
missions and Brokerage 4.S61 >J
Return premiums and reinsurance
premiums 12.1ft: ::">
Total Liabilities 9ZOJSU It
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums $333,703 S3
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bond*. Stocks. Loans and from
ail other sources 20.<C3 ¦»'»
Received for Rents 13.276 3d
Received from Home Offtc* ....... 5.640 34
ToUl Income $421.31* 23
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
.(including $-3,753 59. losses ef
previous years> ». $171.697 11
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 97.717 64
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 15.673 Si
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes.... 6.333 78
All other payments and expendi-
tures 123.903 92
Total Expenditures $113,471 57
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. ..$131.139 H
Risks aad Premiums.) Fir* Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year- $39,001,430 $3O0,«SsV>
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 23.630.022 3S7.471 ••
Net amount tn force
December 81. llHXt.. 33.333.076 433.731 ;•
ELIJAH R. KENNEDY. President.
Ot and for Weed * Kennedy. Mxrs.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thla
21st day ot January. 1004.
S*. FISHBECK. Notary Public
C. F. MULLINS. Pacific Coast Ifaaager.
416-418 California St.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THQ
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health an<t
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.Petitions in Insolvency were filed
l-esterday in the United States District
Court as follows: Wallace D. Em
tree. San Francisco, salesman, liabili
ties $1833. no assets; Joseph Francisco
Fosh. San 'L/eandro, carpenter, liabil
ities $588, no assets; Norman L.
Mosher. Santa Clara, laborer, liabili
ties 5453. no assets.
Petitions In Insolvency.
The United States' Circuit Court of
Appeals : yesterday affirmed the* Judg-^
ment ,of the .Idaho court In favor, of
the Bunker j Hill and Sullivan Mining
and Concentrating Company In Its lit
igation with the. Empire State-Idaho
Mining and Developing Company*. The
contest was as to the title to the Stem
winder lode claim and the decision de-'
fined the extralateral right In- and", to
the lode apexlng .within the surface
boundaries of ' the claim.. The Issues
involved were similar ta-those already
decided In slmtlarrcases'on-the same
lode, the, entanglements arising out- of
the : fact ". that the' locators' ran ; their
side- lines across • the lode • Instead ' of
parallel. with It, , . . . ._ •
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
Settles the Contest About the
Stemwinder Side Lines.
BUNKER HILL MINE
GETS THE DECISION
Th<» senior class of '04, Girls' High
Bchool, held a class jinks yesterday af
ternoon at the school, Scott and Geary
Ktreets. Following a short farce,
rleverly rendered by eight of the many
pretty girls, a Jolly luncheon was
served, followed by readings and fare
well addresses. Then the reception
hall was cleared and dancing con
sumed the remainder of the afternoon.
The jinks was under the direction of
a committee of ten and the class offi
cers. The following are the class
officers: Miss Edith Leale, president;
Miss Nora Evans, vice president; Miss
Stella Harmon, treasurer, and Miss
Viola Ahlers. secretary. To-night the
commencement exercises will be held
it the High School at S o'clock..
Girls' IHsh School Jink*.
, Professor McAdle received a tele
gram from Secretary Wilson of . the
Department of Agriculture yesterday,
stating, that San Francisco would have
a complete dally weather bulletin be
ginning July 1. This means that the
residents of this city will 'know from
day to day just what the climatic and
weather conditions may be ; in any
given section of the country.
The new stations Jrom which-re
ports will' be sent to San" Francisco
are Abilene, Amarillo, San Antonio
and Galveston, Tex.; Atlanta, • Ga.;
Charleston; S. C; Jacksonville, JTlau;
Lynchburg and Norfolk, Va".; Elkins,
W. Va,; Knoxville,. Tenn.; Little. Rock,
Ark.; Cairo, 111.; Kansas City, Mo.;
Dubuque, Iowa; St. Paul, Minn.; New
Orleans, La.; Detroit, Mich.; Philadel
phia and -Pittsburg, Pa.; Cincinnati, 1
Ohio; Buffalo. N. Y. ;. Boston. Mass. :
Washington, D.C.; New York City, all
Pacific Coast cities," Salt Lake- and
Honolulu: " . " " ;
Weather Bnreau Will ' Send Daily Re
ports of Mcterologlcal Conditions
In All Parts of Country.
SAN FRANCISCO GETS
A « COMPLETE BULLETIN
Twin Peak* auxiliary water supply system,
J150.000; widening and repaying Fourth street,
$75,000; bitumlnizlng of H street, $45,000;
opening up of Fulton street to the Great High
way, $15,000; bUumlnizinc Mission, street to
the county line, $80,000; purchase of burial
crounil for Indigent dead, $5000; for exhibit at
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition at Bt.
Louis, $8000: for sanitary measures In China
town, $10,000; for expenses In acquirement of
public utilities, $5000;' for- hydrants, $50,000:
equipment of a Juvenile detention station,
$5000; for the acquirement of lands for St.
Mary's square, ,$25,000; for expenses In defense
of the suit of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany against the city, to test the water rates.
JCVKK); balance of purchase price of Harbor
police station, $15,000; for Firemen's Relief
and Pension Fund, $20,000: to nark Dolores
street, $5000; to light public streets and build
ings, $320,000; to clean the 8treets, $215,000.
The appropriation for the Police De
partment provides for the employment
of 600 patrolmen, an increase of twen
ty-five over the present force. The sum
of $7500 is set aside for extra five days',
vacation of' firemen during the year,'
making fifty-one days' vacation In all.
Total $628,336
Among the Important appropriations
In the budget are the following:
priation of the Board. of Public Works,
amounting to $1,140,546. .
The sum of $628,336 is to be realized
by a tax of 13.53 cents for the redemp
tion of and Interest on the bonds for
public improvements, the validity of
which has yet to be decided by the Su
preme Court. The segregated items on
the bond issue follow: 1
Hospital •• $3375(|
Fevers ?22'D.
Schools 12. ,510
Streets <».<**
County Jail and addition to Hall of
Justice ". sl-iii
Library ««.O03
Children's playgrounds ............... 44,400
Golden Gate Park and Presidio exten
sion • JM^?
Telegraph Hill Park..... * 33,«i»0
Mission Park 17,6_O
The first witness called was Colonel
Francis E. Beck, manager of the Inter
national Banking Corporation. On di
rect examination, conducted by Attor-
The taking of testimony in the case
of the International Banking Company
against Jacob Eppinger, charged with
obtaining money on worthless ware
house receipts, began in Judge Law
lor's court yesterday morning. Almost
the entire morning session was occu
pied with a • dispute' between the at
torneys regarding the admissibility of
certain papers. When the hour for the
noon recess arrived Judge Lnvlor cre
ated a mild sensation by ordering the
jury into the custody of the Sheriff.
It is but a short time since a juror
in Lawlor's court .claimed that an at
tempt had been made to bribe him,
and it is probably in view of this fact
that the Judge ordered the jurors. Into
safe keeping. The taleamen plainly
showed their dissatisfaction, but there
was no open rebellion until the close
of the afternoon session, when one/ of
the jurors arose and asked the court
if it was necessary for him to take
tea and milk with his meals when wine
was more agreeable. The Judge passed
the question up to the attorneys, and
by consent the juror will be allowed
his wine.
COLONEL BECK TESTIFIES.
P. G. Eastwick Jr., former cashier of
the bank, testified as to having received
a promissory note from Eppinger &
Co., in return for which he Issued a
check for $9«00. He Identified the check
presented him and his signature upon
it and it was admitted as evidence.
Reginald Norris, note teller at the
NOTES ARE HONORED.
Eppinger objected to the rate of in
terest, and Beck finally agreed to let
him have the money at 5 per cent. If
he could get the bills of exchange when
the wheat was shipped. After the
agreement had been made witness took
Mr. Eppinger to the cashier's desk and
explained * the transaction, the under
standing that Mr. Eppinger might
draw. the money when he chose. -Ac
cording to his testimony,, a portion of
the money was drawn on April 11 and
the balance ($8900) on April 14. ..It is
on this latter transaction that the crim
inal proceedings are based.
ney Campbell, he related in detail his
business relations with Jacob Eppinger
during the month of April of last year.
He said he had been approached - by
Jacob Eppinger on April 11, when Ep
pinger desired to negotiate a loan of
$25,000.' offering wheat stored in the
warehouse at Crockett as security. The
witness said he promised to loan Ep
pinger the money, valuing, the wheat
at $22 a ton and charging interest at
the rate of 6 per cent per annum.
FORMER GRAIN MERCHANT. CHARGED WITH OBTAINING MONET ON WORTHLESS WAREHOUSE RECEIPTS. AS HE SAT
IN JTDGE LAWLOR'S COURT WITH. HIS WIFE AND SON, AND ONE OF THE PRINCIPAL, WITNESSES FOR THE PROSE
CUTION WHO TESTIFIED AT THE TRIAI, YESTERDAT. - .•
Action on a resolution granting a
permit for a 6team laundry on Eight
eenth street, between Church and San
chez streets, was postponed one we».k.
J. Code appeared before the Finance
Committee and pleaded that th»» evtra
clerks in the Tax Collector's offlw b?
paid for May. Tax Collector Smith
stated that the fund had been ex
hausted and h«» was compelled to lay
off the clerks during June. The com
mittee paid It could not grant any re
lief, but would look into the matter
with that object in view.
A stable-keeper urged the committee
to pass the demands for transportation
of various health officials, but the com
mittee said it would not do so unless
the officials devoted all their time to
their municipal duties.
The committee placed on file the com
munication from Brand & Brand con
tending that taxes paid without protest
under the Illegal school and hospital
levy must be returned to taxpayis
under section 2S04 of the Political Code.
The communication was not even dis
cussed by the committee, which evi
dently considers the contention erron
eous.
D'Ancona characterized as outrage
ous the protest of the Hibert Mercantile
Company against the award of a con
tract to "Hirsch & Hamuels for whisky
to b* furnished to the Almshouse inas
much as the protesting firm had not
Sled a bid for the same. The contract
was awarded to the firm named.
The amended ordinance reducing the
height limit of wooden buildings from
f.fty to forty-five feet was re-referred
to a committee in order to hear pro
testa nts.
Various contracts were awarded for
eupplies for the City Hospital, Alms
house, Department of Health. Eraer
fr»ncy Hospitals, Twenty-sixth street
hospital, county jails and Department
t»f Electricity.
The recommendation of the Health
Committee that the contract to furnish
cauze to the City Hospital be awarded
to a concern not the lowest bidder was
re-referred to the committee upon Box
tTi's protest. that the charter provision
phould be complied with. The amount
es bid was slightly in excess of the
lowest proposal.
PROTEST OUTRAGEOUS.
A resolution Was adopted denying the
request of the Board of Public Works
for permission to utilize an unexpended
bwlanrp of $2330 in the fund of the of
lice of superintendent of buildings to
repair streets. Action was taken on
the report of the Finance Committee
that the board had no richt to deviate
from the provisions of the budget.
An ordinance was passed to print or
dering the improving of Vallejo street,
between Battery and Front; Steven
son street, between Annie and Third;
Jessie street, between New Montgom
ery and Second; Minna street, between
Third (and Fourth, and Hayes street,
between Larkin and Van Ness avenue,
at a cost of $21,700.
T'le school lot at Twentieth and Ken
tucKy streets was transferred to the
Fire Department ar.d a fire engine
house will be erected thereon.
An ordinance making It unlawful to
beat ct sweep carpets or rugs upon any
eidewalk or street except between 12
o'clock midnight and 8 o'clock a. m.
was passed to print.
The Auditor was authorized to em
ploy thirty extra clerks for a period
not to exceed thirty days.
The roadway of Pierce street, be
tween Union and Green, was fully ac
cepted- The proposed acceptance of
Cedar avenue, between Laguna and
Octavia streets, was postponed as the
re?ult of a protest filed.
The Board of " .'orks was directed
to notify the owners of certain street
obstructions removed to the corpora-'
tion yard to redeem the same or the
property will be sold at public auc
tion.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
referred to the City Attorney for his
opinion as to its validity a proposed
ordinance describing a proposal to
amend the charter so that the Board
of Education shall have power to lease
Bchool property for fifty years with
the proviso that the cost of the Im
provements shall be no less than the
appraised value of the realty.
Brauhhart explained that the amend
ment was designed to give the Board
of Education the power to lease the
Lincoln School lots at Market and
Fifth streets for a period of fifty years
Instead of twenty as at present, so as
to permit of the erection of a building
to cost an amount equal to the value
of the lot. which would be unadvisable
under a shorter lease. (
The Mayor whs authorized to ap
point a Citizens' Committee of twenty
five to make arrangements for the
celebration of the Fourth of July.
A resolution was adopted giving no
tice to all those having demands
against the city to file them at an
early date in July so they may be
audited within the statutory time.
The ordinance regulating the sale of
calves for human food and making It
unlawful to sell any calf unless it is
in £ood condition and four weeks of
fefre was raised to print.
BEATING OF CARPETS.
The budget provides the sum of $446,
900 for street Improvements, which
amount is Included in the total appro-
ITEMS IXBUDGET.
. The ordinance will now, go. to Mayor
Schmitz, who has ten days within
which to veto any specific appropria
tion. Should he veto any Item It will
take the votes of fifteen Supervisors
to override his disapproval. Should his
vetoes be sustained the appropriation
so vetoed will cause a corresponding
reduction In the total amount . of ex
penditures and result in . a . lower tax
rate than that fixed by .< the terms. of
the. original ordinance. ,
"I want to notify this board," said
the Mayor, before the budget was fin
ally passed, "that I disapprove , of a
number of the items in this, budget
and I shall exercise my power, of -veto
thereon." ¦ ¦. ¦ '¦ s '.'¦-.
"The Board of Works desires to say
that the Board of Supervisors must
bear the responsibility for street
sweeping If done Improperly," said the
Mayor. "If you want the streets to be
swept better than under contract you
must give them the sum of $290,000 they
have asked for."
Mayor Schmitz stated that the Board
of Works wanted it distinctly under
stood that it would be Impossible for
the city to clean the streets satisfac
torily for $215,000 in view of the fact
that the laborers would have to be
paid $2 50, or 25 cents a day more than
under contract, and that the "gangs"
would be increased from three to five
men.
A resolution from the Fife Commis
sion was read ordering the closing of
engine houses Nos. 5. 9 and 24, because
of insufficient funds to put them in
sanitary condition.
Brandenstein said the board would
not be intimidated by the departments
into changing any appropriations and
that the "filibustering tactics might
continue until the infernal regions
freeze over." He asked his colleagues
not to consider any resolutions of the
kind introduced and was called to or
der by the Mayor, who said he had no
right to question the right of any mem
ber to introduce a resolution;
Lunstedt's motion that consideration
of the budget be postponed until re
ceipt of a letter from the Board of
Works was lost by the previous vote.
"I have no desire to antagonize this
board by my power of veto," said the
Mayor, "but there have been certain
recommerdatlrrns made which I believe
should be accepted. If the claims made
for the Fire, Police and School depart
ments are ignored I shall be compelled
to veto certain items in the budget, as
that is my only alternative. The fire
men should be given one dny off each
week and the School Department
should not be hampered."
D'Ancona stated that the School
Board was given $116,000 more than
last year. The Mayor said that an al
leged surplus of $108,000 was reckoned'
in that amount which does not exist.
D'Ancona said that the money had
been received from the 'State to pay
teachers' salaries and if any of it had
been used for contracts It had been
done illegally. D'Ancona figured that
as the charter allowed $32 50 for each
of the 23,352 pupils attending the
schools the department was entitled to
$1,278,940. and under the new appro
priation, even excluding the surplus of
$108,000, the department would receive
$1,278,000. or within $940 of the limit
SHIFTS RESPONSIBILITY.
Lunstedt's resolution to make the ap
propriation for cleaning the streets
$£10,000 instead of $215,000 was defeated
by the same vote.
TO CliOSK ENGINE HOUSES.
Noes — Brandenstein, Braunhart,
Comte, Connor, D'Ancona, Eggers, Mc-
Clellan. Hocks. Payot, Rock and San
derson; 11.
Boxton made sarcastic reference to
the debate on the terms of his resolu
tion, even before it was read, calling
his colleagues "a lot of mind readers."
Boxton held that the charter provided
that the budget should be passed on
the last Monday in June, not necessar
ily by ordinance, as insisted uoon by
the Finance Committee, but by a ma
jority vote of the Supervisors.
Boxton's resolution was defeated un
der suspension. of the rules by the fol
lowing vote:
Ayes — Alpers. Bent, Boxton, Finn,
Lunstedt and Rca; 6.
"If the gag law is to be enfqrced
here," said Lunstedt, '"it is about time
we know it. I have also a resolution
to offer that may affect this budget."
Braunhart took exception to what he
called an attempt to draw political
lines and argued that if the budget
were not finally passed at once it
would be attacked by some tax shirk
ers. Braunhart favored an extra holi
day for firemen, but wanted to know
what had become of the $7500 set aside
last year to give the firemen five days
more vacation.
Supervisor Boxton started the ball
rolling by submitting a resolution
striking out $75,000 of the $150,000 ap
propriated for Twin Peaks auxiliary
water supply, $7500 for a public conven
ience station at Fifth street, near Mar
ket, and $7500 for an elevator In the
City Hall and giving to the School De
partment $50,000, to the Fire Depart
ment $25,000 to give firemen one day off
in a week and to the Police Depart
ment $15,000 to pay for twelve addition
al patrolmen.
Brandenstein objected to the consid
eration of the resolution, saying that
the matter of the budget was ended,
that it was on submission and up for
final passage and no changes could be
made.
OBJECTS TO GAG LAW. .
The ordinance was not finally passed
until several efforts had been made to
change some of the appropriations in
the interest of several departments.
The ordinance was finally passed by
the fifteen affirmative votes of Super
visors Alpers, Bent, Braunhart, Bran
denstein, Comte. Connor, d'Ancona, Eg
grers, Finn, Hocks, McClellan, Payot,
Rea, Rock and Sanderson, after the
heads of the various departments had
been heard regarding their petitions for
larger appropriations. The two nega
tive votes came from Supervisors Box
ton and Lunntedt. Booth was absent.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
finally passed, exactly as It was passed
to print, the ordinance designating
specific appropriations for expenditures
aggregating 57,394.836 in the next mu
nicipal budget and fixing the tax rate
for city purposes for the fiscal year
1904-1905 at $1.2053 on every $100, based
on an estimated assessed valuation of
$465,000,000.
Mayor Gives Notice That He
Will Veto Certain Items
as Means of Retaliation
Health Committee to Scan
Again Proposals for Gauze
Furnished City Hospital
PLEA FOR LOWEST BID
APPROPRIATIONS STAND
Supervisors Consider Meas
ure to AHow Fifty Years'
Lease of School Property
Supervisors Turn Down Re
quests of Various Depart
ments for Increased Funds
ADOPT BDDGET
AND TAX RATE
WOULD AMEND
CHARTER AGAIN
JUDGE LAWLOR ORDERS EPPINGER
JURY INTO CUSTODY OF SHERIFF
ANOTHER TRUST
IS DESTROYED
SHIP BUILDER
BEFORE CLERGY
Every Precaution . Is Being Taken to Avoid the Possibility of the
Talesmen Being Tampered With in Any Manner™ Colonel Beck
Tells of Business Transactions With the Erstwhile Grain King
Circuit Court of Appeals
Puts a Portland Lumber
Combine Out of Business
G. W. Dickie, Manager Union
Iron Works, Likens Man
Unto Vessel on High Seas
CHOOSES NOVEL SIMILE
LAW CLEARLY STATED
Nice Discrimination Shown
by the Judges as to the
Meaning of the Statute
Dr. Theodore Burnham Ad
mits Speaker's Eemarks to
Be as Good as Any Sermon
The defendants In error admit that the
business of Importing lumber from the Stats
of Washington Into the city of Portland may
b« affected by the combination, but they say
that the result Is due not to their combination
to refuse to sell to purchasers in the city of
Portland who make such Importations, but to
the Inability of the "Washington, milts ti> sup
ply the Portland market with klln-drled or
finishing lumber and that the combination ts
not the direct and proximate cause of th<»
Inability of the Washington mills to sell lum
ber In the city of Portland. But that very In
ability Is one of the essential facts which aid
to create the situation which Is complained
of. • • • But for the existence of that
fact It Is safe to assert that the combination
would not have be«n formed. • • •
Does the fact that the whol« combination
and Us success are made possible by the ad
ventitious circumstance that no one has yet
seen fit to Invest the capital necessary to es
tablish a competing plant at Vancouver render
the restraint of Interstate commerce effected by
the combination any the less direct and neces
sary? If such Is the law It follows that to
secure Immunity for every such a combination
It Is necessary only to bring Into It all man
ufacturers of Its line of goods, and to intrench
It behind the proposition that the resulting
restraint of trade comes not from the combina
tion, but from the Inability of others to supply
the market. The m«-e statement of the prop
osition is Its refutation.
Another trust in restraint of trads
was put out of business yesterday by
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals. The case is that of Arthur S.
Ellis vs. Inman Poulson & Co.. North
Pacific Lumber Company, Eastern
and Western Lumber Company and tha
City Retail Lumber Company.
Ellis is a contractor and housebuilder
doing business in Portland. Oregon. He
alleges in the complaint that on July
2. 1902, the other defendants organized
the City Retail Lumber Company for
the purpose of creating a monopoly of
the manufacture and sale of lumber,
of demanding unreasonable prices and
of preventing the public from purchas
ing from any dealers other than the
defendants. It is averred that in pur
suance of such conspiracy they refused
to sell to persons who purchased any
hlmber from Vancouver or elsewhere
outside of the combination. It Is
further averred that he bought a cer
tain quantity of rough lumber at Van
couver and had it delivered to him in
Portland at 1250 less than the amount
charged by the combine in Portland
and that when he offered to buy kiln
dried lumber of the combine, there be
ing none of that kind of lumber pro
duced in Washington, the combine re
fused to sell it to him. because he had
purchased the rough lumber at Wash
ington. Damages were demanded in
the sum of $8500. The lower court de
cided against Ellis on the ground that
the combine had not restrained the
lumber trade between Oregon and
Washington for the reason that kiln
dried lumber was not "produced in the
last named State. The Circuit Court
of Appeals reversed this decision, say
ing, among other things:
Chin Coon, a Chinese cook. 24 years
of age, committed suicide yesterday
morning by hanging himself In the
cellar of 842 Dupont street. His rela
tives Informed the Coroner that he
had been despondent for a long tlmt*
because of sickness.
Chinese Cook Hangs Himself.
"The Man and the Ship" was the
subject of an address by G. W. Dickie,
manager of the Union Iron Works, be
fore the Presbyterian Ministers' Asso
ciation yesterday morning. The Rev.
H. M. Bevier presided. Mr. Dickie
said, in part:
A man, like a ¦hip, may have Inherently
great stability of character, his rmstacenter
far above his center of gravity. In all ordi
nary conditions of life he maintains an uprlsht
position, and if smooth water prevailed all
through bis life experience his character .will
be admired and others will point to him as a
fin© example of uprightness and stability.
But let him get out Into the open sea amia
the storms of life, where waves are high ana
gTeat forces oppose themselves to htm and his
ways; It Is then that his stability often de
generates Into mere stubbornness; his righting
moment Is too great; Instead of rolling gently
to the Irresistible waves that beset him and
swinging gracefully back again to the upright
position • when the wave has spent Its force,
we find him gathering all the power of his
stability to fight against the natural forces
around him. shipping huge seas In his des
perate efforts to maintain his upright position.
And should the storm continue he Is apt to go
down, a martyr to his own faith In Inherent
stability or sense of what is right.
NEEDS STRUCTURAL STRENGTH.
No man;' like the «hip. depends very much
od structural strength. If he does not start
out with a sound body, which Is the hull that
must carry all his means of offense and de
fense, he Is apt to be worsted In the struggle
A good constitution for the man Is to him
what structural strength Is to the man-of
war; and If he starts In life with such a
precious possession he must be careful to pre
serve It. ¦ "
In man, like a. man-of-war, the propelling
power Is of great Importance. As the propel
ling: power Is the heart of the battleship,
from which she obtains life, so the man's
heart Is the propelling power of his life- v
If he be fitted with a well-balanced triple
expansion heart and he leaves his training
port, the protected home harbor where he was
built and fitted out, with all his reserve bunk
ers full of the best hand-picked fuel, and his
ready service bunkers full of sound principles,
he need fear no enemy, provided he does not
waste the precious contents of his bunkers In
useless excitement, rulninir his boilers by
forced draught, straining his engines for the
sole purpose of making a bijr wave in society.
If this Is the record of his sea service the
evenlwr may find him with empty bunkers and
a weathered heart.
Dr. Theodore F. Burnham said that
Mr. Dickie's address was as good as
any sermon and on the motion of Dr.
Herrlott a vote of thanks was given the
speaker.
WELCOMES COLORED PASTOR.
Professor Milton S. Terry, D. D., L.L.
D , read a paper entitled "Methodism
and Biblical Criticism" before the
Methodist Ministers' Association at
Epworth Hall yesterday morning.
The Rev. J. W. E. Bowen of Atlanta,
the eminent colored minister, who re
ceived a flattering vote for Bishop at
the General Conference in Los Angeles,
was most cordially received by the
Methodist Ministers'. Association.
The Rev. Daniel A. Rader. the new
editor of the Pacific Christian Advo
cate, was introduced to the members
and was accorded a hearty welcome.
The Rev. C. R. Hager. D. D.. spoke
before the Congregational Ministers'
Association yesterday at the T. M. C.
A. building on his missionary work in
China.
The Woman's Occidental Board met
yesterday at the Presbyterian Mission
Home. Sacramento street, Mrs. J. G.
Chown In the chair. There was a large
attendance and among those who
watched the proceedings was a big del
egation of young ladles from Berkeley,
many belonging to the Christian En
deavor Society.
At noon the board and its friends
took luncheon and when the afternoon
session was convened Miss Mary Ful-
THE SAN FRANCISCO^' CALL, TUESDAY,': JUNE 7, 1904.
lerton, sister of Dr. A. M. Fullerton.
gave an address on her experiences in
India. Dr. Fullerton, Miss Fullerton's
sister, has also had considerable expe
rience In India, where she studied the
peculiar phases of diseases and medi
cines in that country.
bank,' testified that he had frequently
honored notes of Eppinger & Co. pre
sented-by one of their clerks and had
always surrendered them.
The -object of this examination was
to form a foundation for the admission
of Ava rehouse receipts and other docu
ments as evidence. The case will go
on this morning at 9:30 o'clock, when
the direct examination of Colonel Beck
will be resumed.
Ueports emanating from ' Russian
sources say that several Japanese ves
€tf\n were surprised and sunk early last
Saturday, but buy a gas range from
tiao Francisco Gas & Electric Co t •
Charles P. 'Large, . drugr clerk : at the
People's store,; Fourth and f Howard
streets, who ¦ gave . John ", McCann:'car
bolic add by, mistake on; .Saturday
night' to cure heartburn, 1 ; was booked
at the City. Prison yesterday afternoon
on a charge of manslaughter. He ad-"
m its his mistake,' stating that lie took
the carbolic * acid bottle,' thinking" It
¦was distilled water t
Chanced With Manslaughter.
5
~ ADVERTISEMENTS. / :
IOOGler's genuine
retiring sale
Frisco's Greatest Bargain Carnival
Will Offer a Host of New
Attractions To-Day
GOME WITHOUT .FAIL
Mi rfrmMTTg* m^Sk. The "Pee-wee" Derby. Hats at f 1.65— one of this season's fads—
£r*^ |ffl^% iHr^ regular price $2.50.
ifflW plA |A The Genuine Panama Hats at ?4.OO— a recent importation from
NS&V 11111 Ural Ecuador, South America— regular price $6.50. .' # >
«k \H ||V fM* *% The Sof J and Stiff Hats at ?! «03— the last and nobbiest shapes .out
%>fr, J»y JgBaaBS^ MbkwtiW — regular price $3.00.
T^ggpr farerarflay «e»a«esr Tfae Fancy Wagh vests at $1.95— they're the swellest of the real
. _^^^^^^ -—^^^^^i^ * swell sorts— regular price $3-5°-
The Shirts at 65c— golfs, negligees and stiff bosoms — eight thou-
A Satisfied CUStOmer ¦ "rid or more in the lot— none worth less than $1.00.
. . The Shirts at 85c— stiff bosoms, golfs and negligees in almost be-
Js a Store's best* adver- .wildering. variety— worth $1.25 and $1.50.
*:^«v««* Tliaf'ciuliv The Underwear at O5c— fine imported ribbed balbriggan goods—
tisement. Tftatswny regular price $1.50.
We are aS anXlOUS for The Underwear at 75c— handsome pink stripes-^regular price $1.35.
_ .„ . The Fancy Socks at 25c— imported lisle thread and fine cotton
your gOOd Will aS We novelties— regular price 50c.
ar«» for VOUr dollars The Four-in-Hands at 25c— fine silks and satins in innumerable
¦ 1BIWI * w*»««» pretty patterns and color combinations— regular price 50c.
that's Why We exchange The To-Order Suits at $25— tailored from fine imported fabrics by
' ¦:£ '-'.: ¦¦ - . ___^_. • our best craftsmen— regular price $35.
goodsandrefundmoney The 2sc Socks at 16%c _The a5 c Midget Ties at i2^ c -The $1.50
«r» ' rhp«»rf nllv • • • • Wash Vests at 95c— The 25c Suspenders at 1 5c — The 50c Suspenders
SO .CneenUIiy . . ,- . . . • . - w a 35c _ The 5OC Underwear at SSc— The 15c Handkerchiefs at SHc—
iwraopTur-' TMIf.l" " — — «— «^ The $2.00 Night Shirts at $1*35 — The countless other Bargains. ..
..This is reriinant day, and all the broken lines will be closed out badly broken prices. If
interested, you'd better come as soon as you can after reading this. The bargains are extraordi-
nary even for. this sale, and they'll be snapped up quicker than you could get angry.Wordsworth was fond of the poetry
of Burns, but said the latter was too
rousrh and uncouth.
Notice. — Our name Is not in the tele
phone book. When you_ want BekJn's
Van and Storage Company, call for Main
285. 1016 Broadway, ,
Minnesota will establish a saiiitorium
to .which : County ,' Commissfoners may
send free I Indigent persons suffering
from incipient consumption.
The largest rose bush Is. in Mobile,
Alabama. Five feet above the ground
Its trunk is more than. a foot in cir
cumference.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaJIed Jun« ft— Br «h!p
Clan McKeniip, tor CalUo. • « ¦•• . ,
ABERDEEN— Arrlvpd Juno* 6— Schr Jessie
Minor, henco' May 19 , .
Sailed. June 6— Schr Saueallto, for San Fran-
Cisco. -V- .
ARRIVED.
. .., . . Monday, June 6.
Stray, Acme, Lundquist, 87 hours I from Re
dondo. .' • • ,
.SAILED.' i
'., • ¦ ¦ Monday, June 6.'
' Stmr Santa Barbara, Zoddart, Redondo. '
- DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OAKLAND, , June 6. — The last of
the deeds to the right of way for the
foothill. boulevard "'.from Oakland to
Haywards were filed Lwith .the Board
of Supervisors to-day. This action
paves the way for contracts on' the
grading and macadamizing of the first
section of the work.'i^SKa^^^^a
Foothill Drive Deeds Filed,
: Louis Yow, charged with murder,
\va.», on motion of the District Attor
ney, ordered discharged from custody
by Judge Dunne yesterday on the
ground that the evidence was insuf
ficient to secure a conviction. . Lee Lin
arid Mali Yick, charged with the same
crime, were previously released , on
writs of habeas corpus. They_were
accused of having shot. Dare Gum at
the Chinese theater on; Washington
street on December 12.
Accused 31 urderer.* Discharged.
BERKELEY, June — Berkeley
Parlor of the Native Sons of the Gold
en West has accepted the .invitation 'to
take charge, of the. country .store at
the midsummer carnival to be held at
Idora Park from June. 15 to June 26.
With the proceeds the" natives will
form the nucleus for a buildin? fund,
in the hope that sufficient money wili
be e»*ottred in the near future with
which to purchase a Jp^ and erect a
suitable hall for meeting purposes. .'
>** * '
llo:>o to Build a Ilnll.
ALAMEDA, June 6.—- David "Welch,
a son of Patrolman. Dennis Welch,
and employed asr a fireman by . the
Southern" Pacific, fell from a locomo
tive near Sacramento yesterday and
sustained fractures of. both legs. and
arms. Several ribs I were | also broken
and the young man's condition is se«
rlous. ' He was taken to the railroad
hospital at Sacramento for treatment.
Sustains Many Fractures.
The ) watchman on the Howard
street wharf declared that he heard
two shots flred and he believed that
each ot the "friends" had indulged in
pistol practice. Reinheimer denied
this, saying only one shot had been
flred. He was not detained after his
wound was dressed.
W. Reinheimer. a sailor on. the
United States torpedo boat destroyer
Paul Jones, went to the Harbor Hos
pital last night for treatment. The
middle finger of his right hand had
been shot off and the hand badiy lac
erated. ! His explanation was that he
and a friend whose name he refused
to disclose, had a "little racket" down
on the Howard street wharf and that
his friend was trying to shoot him
when he grabbed the revolver and waa
shot in the hand.
of Companion Who Shot Him
In the Hand.
W. Relnhelmer Refuses to Give Name
IS PAINFULLY WOUNDED,
DURING FRIENDLY ROW
OAKLAND, June. 6.— The members
of the Elmhurst Improvement Club
have adopted resolutions asking the
aid of the various kindred organiza
tions of Alameda County in securing
a 5*cent fare to Elmhurst on the Oak
land Transit Hne. The resolutions set
forth that the present fare militates
apninst - the better' development of
Elmhurst and that the company will
lose nothing by granting the proposed
reduction. ' •
Want Five-Cent Fare.
OAKLAND, June 6.— The funeral
of A. II. Stocker, the senior member of
the, firm, of Stocker & Holland,. who
died last night, w'illbe held-to-mor
row at, 2 p. ni. from the family resi
lience, 1505 Websten street. The ser
vice will be conducted by the Rev.
William Carson Shaw, rector of the
Church of the Advent, East Oakland.
The "remains, will, be Incinerated.
Funeral of A. If. Stocker.
OAKLAND, June 6. — Mrs. Annie C.
Agasslz, aged 31 years, died last night
at her home, €099 San Pablo avenue
after a long illness. The deceased was
the wife of James B. Agassiz/a mem
ber of the firm of Cotton Bros. He is
expected - to arrive from - Honolulu
soon. Mrs. Agassiz has resided in
Oakland nearly all her life.
Dies After Long Illness.
The West Ham (London) Town Coun
cil has forbidden street car conductors
to wear boutonnieres. The Council
thinks they "lead to flirtations with
young women passengers."
OAKLAND, June 6. — The Fourth of
July committee" of the Merchants' Ex
change has sent letters to the officers
of all the fraternal, civic and military
organizations in Alameda County,, in
viting them to participate In the
Fourth of July parade in this city. The
headquarters of the committee are in
the rooms of the Merchants' Ex
change in the Central Bank building.
The secretary is there daily from 1 to
6 p. m.
Invite Societies to Participate.
Alleged Knife Wlelder Charged.
OAKLAND, June 6. — William
Walker to-day swore to a complaint
charging Harley Harper with assault
vith a deadly weapon. Harper, If is
claimed, stabbed Walker in the neck.
Harper was Bhot by Polioftian Cald
well. Owing to the prisoner's condi
tion the case was contioued until Wed
nesday. Harper Is rapidly mending.
OAKLAND, June 6. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by. the
County Clerk to-day: Lincoln G.
Valentine, 24, and Elsie M. Nelson, 22,
both of Oakland; George Lowry, 23,
and Minnie Cooney, 24, both of San
Jose; William H. Graves, over 21,
Berkeley, and Effle V. Graves, over 18,
Oakland; Edgar W. Abbey, over 21,
and Delia E. Dode, over 18, both of
Oakland; H. Harry Werdt, 42, and
Ottllie E. Boothy, 28, both Of San
Francisco; Angus L.- Sunderer, 30,
Mission San Josei and Florence A.
Peters, 27, Irvington; Frederick A.
Horswlll, 24, Oakland, and Agnes M.
Forgle, 24, Berkeley; John Gerhard
Koch, over 21, and Wilhelmena Nach
tertrech, over 18, both of Oakland;
William H. Arthur, 62, and Helen M.
Summers, 26, both of Oakland; Her
bert W. Crozier, 29, Los Angeles, and
Elizabeth Hyde, 29. San Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
BERKELEY, June 6. — Leigh John
son, a former resident of Berkeley,'. is
dead at Alturas, Modoc County, hav«
Ing killed himself in an unknown
manner while Buffering intense pain
from rheumatism. News of the young
man's death came to-day to Andrew
Johnson, his brother and a teacher in
the Berkeley Public Commercial
School. The dispatch did not state
the manner of his death. He was 26
years old, a native of California, and
leaves a wife and two children.
Former Resident Kills Himself.
Mrs. George E. Wilson, the educated
English woman who is j supposed to
be related to rnembers of the English
nobility and who became violently in
sane in a restaurant on Ellis street
last Saturday, was declared Insane by
Dr. McGettigan yesterday. Later, on
an order from Judge Hebbard, she
was committed to the State Hospital
for the Insane at Stockton.
The commitment was made out in
the name of Georgie Wright, which
was given by her brother, C. Shep
herd, as her proper name. After cre
ating the scene in the restaurant she
was taken to the Emergency Hospital,
but later released in the charge of her
nurse. At that time the nurse save
her name as Wilson.
Mrs. Geoi"'e E. Wilson, Who Created
Scene In Restaurant, Is Sent
.* to Stockton.
COMMITTED TO STATE
ASYLUM FOR INSANE
OAKLAND, June 6. — District Attor
ney Allen decided to-day that It is
optional with the Board of Supervisors
to adopt the Associated Charities'
scheme to handle relief methods for
cases of outdoor relief. According to
District Attorney Allen the Supervisors
have complete power, provided they
do not attempt to care for Indigents
by contract.
The Associated Charities purposes
to relieve the board of all of the work
necessary to investigate and provide
for applicants for help. To this work
the organization plans to bring Its in
valuable records of indigent*- and its
systematic methods of scrutinizing pe
titions for assistance.
District Attorney Allen Decides That
Supervisors Have. Power to Dele
gate Handling of Indigents.
ASSOCIATED CHARITIES'
PLAN DECLARED LEGAL
The aquatic sports at Sausalito Sun
day were witnessed by a large num
ber of spectators. The affair was held
under the auspices of the San Fran
cisco -Yacht Club and as usual was a
great success. The programme was
scheduled to commence at 10:30.
Promptly at that time Announcer
Treat called out the contestants for the
first event. From . that time until 1
o'clock the various aquatic exhibitions
and contests proved highly interesting:.
The first event was a swimming con
test for members of the Olympic Club.
Sydney Cavlll won easily, while Mr.
Wise finished second. The members of
the San Francisco Yacht Club then
took to the water and swam 100 yards.
Winslow L. Beedy was first and James
Kitterman second. x
A barge race was next on the card.
Only members of v the San Francisco
Yacht Club entered. Each barge con
tained three oarsmen and a coxswain.
The winners In this event were Captain
Farrar, Dr. Levinsky and H. Deuprey.
A skiff race with oarsmen blindfolded
and a lady coxswain directing the
craft proved exciting. There were six
crews in the contest. W. W. Farrar
and Dr. Levinsky, with Mrs. Farrar as
coxswain, won by two lengths.
The climbing of the greasy pole was
attempted by many, but Hardy Hellen
was the only successful contestant. The
most amusing event of the day was
"chasing ducks." Two ducks were lib
erated in the water. They both flew
and swam. Mr. Wise outdistanced the
birds and succeeded in capturing them.
The next event waa a swimming and
dressing contest. All contestants
swam from the yacht club house out to
the sloop Annie, put on trousers and
hat, and then swam to the sloop Chal
lenger and obtained coats and vests.
M. Vecchi of the Olympic Club won.
Mr. Wise and Mr. Bacon won first and
second prizes for fancy "high diving.
Sydney Cavill gave an interesting ex
hibition of swimming. In the after
noon the various yachts of the fleet
cruised around the bay, returning to
their anchorage about 5 o'clock.
San Francisco Yacht Club's Water
Carnival' Proves a Highly Interest
ing and Exciting Event.
CROWD ENJOYS AQUATIC
SPORTS AT SAUSALJTO
Riley is the son of Kendall Rijey of
109 Vallejo street, San Franclsco.swhu
was hung up by his hands to a tree by
Albert Sweet and C. Ii. Perkins upon
his ranch in the Contra Costa foothills
back of Lafayette a couple of days
ago. ...
Young Riley went to Haywards, In
tending to go the next day to the as
sistance of his father, who was in
trouble with claim Jumpers.
Riley had some trouble with
Schwartz In a saloon and was thrown
out of the place. He was followed by
Schwartz and a number of others, who
chased him for a couple of blocks. ! He
suddenly turned and, firing his pistol
Into the ground as a warn ing N told the
men that if they came any closer he
would shoot. Schwartz dared him to
fire and made a dash for Riley, When
he fired three times in quick succession
and knocked Schwartz down with. a
bullet through the ankle. Riley was
then surrounded and while he was not
looking was thrown down and was
kicked and beaten by the crowd.
News of a shooting. scrape at Hay
wards Saturday night, which was near
ly followed by a lynching; reached here
to-day when District Attorney Allen
issued a warrant for the arrest of Wil
liam Riley of Moraga Valley for an
assault to commit murder on Carl
Schwartz. Riley at the time was in the
Haywards jail, where he had been held.
He was terriblv beaten by a crowd of
men and was more hurt than the man
he shot. l
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
: . 1016 Broadway, June 6.
ALAMEDA, June €.— Milton Blake,
accused by the police of being "Jack
the Swatter," appeared in the City
Justice Court to-day to answer to a
charge of battery preferred against
him by Miss Kate Cronin. Blake, who
was not represented by an attorney,
entered a plea of not guilty and de
manded a jury trial, which was set
for next Thursday afternoon at 1:30
p'clock.
Blake was accompanied Into court
by his mother, his young sister and
his grandfather, Henry M. Gardinier.
His mother, in answer "to a question
from Judge R. B. Tappan, as to why
the young man was not represented
by a lawyer, replied that she consid
ered that lawyers were expensive and
that she did not believe her son guilty.
The court informed Blake's mother
that he considered the youth to be In
a serious plight and that he would
have need of all of the defense that
he could obtain.
Alleged "Jack »lu» Swatter*' Appears In
Court and Demands Trial
by Jury.
MILTON SLAKE ENTERS
PLEA OF NOT GUILTY
William Itiley Is Kouglily
llaiidlcd " for Defending
Himself Against a Crowd
SHOOTS A MAN
AND IS BEATEN
Jerome C. and Almeda A. Ford to Enoch
Morrill. lot on S line of Webster street. 15S.S2
W ot Claremont avenue, W 77. S 227, E 61.10,
NK 26.22, NW 206:09, portion plat 75, Kel
lersberger's map Ranehos V. and D. Peralta,
Berkeley; $10.
John end Ada M. Hlnkel to Joseph J. Mason,
lot- on SW corner of. Grove and Russell streets,
S 130 W122 more or less, N 122 more or leas
to S line of nus»ell. E 122:0. lots 19 to 21,
map subdivisions block 10, Central Park Tract.
Berkeley; $100.
B, -Kelsey (single) to L. W—Blake (married),
lot beginning at .point distant 210 SE from
E city limits of Oakland and 100 NE from
Adams Htreft, thence NE 170 by SI deep. SE
portion lot 7, block C, Oak Tree Farm Tract,
Brooklyn Township, quitclaim deed; $5.
Calvin A. Shaw (single) to George A. Little,
lot f>9, block F of Snyder & Montgomery's sub
division of portion of Temescal Park, Oakland;
?10. , '
Elizabeth M. Jones et als.. to George Guth
rie, lot on S line of Jones street, 232 E of
Grove, E ;3»:4 by S 100, portion of lot 30, cor
rected map Jones Tract subdivided July 25,
18M, Oakland; $10.
Christ and Ida Chrlstensen to H. D. Rowe,
lot beginning at SW corner of lot 8, block A,
etc.. thence along line dividing lots 3 and 8,
N 40 by E 50, portion of lot 8, black A, map
Peralta Heights, East Oakland; also perpetual
right ot way to said land from Wayne avenue,
beginning at point on S boundary line of said
lot S, distant GO E from SW corner of said lot
8. thence along S line of said lot, E 163.90 to
W line of Wayne avenue, thence along said W
line of said avenue 5. W «S, N 3. W parallel
with S boundary line of said lot 8 to point 50
E from boundary line between lots 8 and 3, S
S to beginning, portion of aforesaid lot 8, East
Oakland; $150.
George Gray (administrator estate of Albert
G. Gurnett) to L. G. Llngren Johnson, lot on
SE line of Third avenue. 300 NE of East Six
teenth street, SE 150 by SW 85, block 101,
map portion Watson property, East- Oakland;
»ST5.
Andrew Jackson Lord to Nancy Lord (wife),
lot on S line of Mattie avenue, 190.49 W of Its
intfrsection with E boundary line of Parsons
Golden Gate Tract, thence S 114. thence NW
to point In E boundary line of lot 11 distant
f>5 S from S line of Mattie avenue, thence SW
to point in W boundary line of lot 11 distant
118 S from S line of Mattie avenue, N to point
Ir. S line of said avenue, W from beginning, E
SO to beginning, portion Iota 11 and 12. block
F, Parsons Oolden Gate Tract, Oakland: gift.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Clara E. Glover (single), lot In cemetery, Oak
land Townahlp; $1S5.
Sarah R. H. Culbertson, et als., to Frank L.
Carpenter, lot on SE corner of Allston way
and Grant street,. E 130 by S 00 lot 21, block
Hi McGee Tract, portion plat 67 of Kellers
berger's survey, Berkeley; $10.
Louisa J. (or Louise J.) Porter to Evelyn M.
Porter, lot at intersection of N line- of Suter
street with E line of Redwood, or county road
809, N 72:15, E 175. S 72, more or less. W 175,
to beginning, being SW portion of lot 22, Suter
Tract, Brooklyn Township; also lot beginning
at point on E line of county road to Redwood,
72.30 N from Intersection with N line of Suter
street, N 72 by E 175. portion lot 22, same
map, Brooklyn Township; .f 10. >.\ -
Levl and Margaret E. Carr to Reginald
James Sully (single), lot at Intersection of N
line of McKen street with E line of land of
California and . Nevada Railroad Company, E
IU, N 134; W 43.75, S to beginning, lot 4. block
I amended map ot J. W. Crawford Tract,
Oakland: $10. .
Itose D. Polrier (single) to Hardy C. Hutch-
Inson, lot on E line of Rhattuck avenue, 30.55
S from S line of land formerly conveyed by
Kose.D. Polrler to Clinton Jones. E 100 by S
•Jus portion of Vicente Peralta Reserve, Oak
land: (10.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Phebe A. Al
len (v.-ldow). lot on N lino of Thirtieth *treot,
520 E of Gro\e, E 40 by N 140, lot 40, and
portion of lot .*!$>, block 2O."K>. A. J. Snyiler's
resubdlvlslon of portion of block 2035, map of
Rowland Tract. Oakland; $10.
Phebe A. Allen (widow) to Emma L. Was
tell (wife of George F.). same, Oakland; gift.
Hetty T. and William G. Henshaw/ (husband,
and as attorney) to D. T. and Nettie Mac-
Arthur lot on N Hne of Thirty-eighth street,
242.50 'E of West, E 20.00 by N 143. lot U,
blcck C, map Major Givrn Tract, Oakland; $10.
.John Austin S'chrelner to Margaret Sehrfiner
(v, ; lf»), lot on Jf line of Twenty-fifth (Laurel)
street, 547 W of Telegraph avenue, E 35 by
N 100, Oakland,; gift.
Arthnr R, and Margaret Ida Phillips to Lucy
D - Hannibal, lot. 22, block B, map No. 2,
Bateman Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Harry and Grace |B. Mor;enson to Ella L.
Wtymouth (single), 'lot on S line of Woolsey
(Kent) street, 242.00 E ot Adeline (Stanford
avenue). E 50, S 100:10, SW 50.25. N 114:03,
lot (J, block T, amended map Newbury Tract,
in. plat 51 Ranehos V. and D. Peralta, Berke
ley: ?1O.
Alameda County.
MONDAY, "JUNE C.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Frederica Buchanan has begun a
suit for divorce from George V. Bu
chanan on the grounds of intemper
ance and cruelty.
Mary R. Church began an action for
divorce to-day from William P.
Church on the ground of unfaithful
ness.
Three deserted wives were granted
divorces to-day, as follows: Elizabeth
A- Dlx from David. E. Dix, Daisy
Graves from Thomas Graves and Mar
tha G. Shaw from Joseph Shaw.
OAKLAND, June 6. — Because Jo
seph Martin's wife told him he had a
funereal face and other uncomplimen
tary things he has filed a suit for di
vorce, charging cruelty, while she has
ans'wered, with a' cross-complaint, / in
which she says he told her that he
only married her. so that he would
have some one to look after his four
children. They have only been mar
ried three months.- ..
Criticism of Joseph Martin's Wife of
Three .Months Causes Him to
Sue for Divorce.
Alfred McLaughlin was booked at
the City Prison yesterday on warrants
sworn to before Police Judge Fritz by
Policeman T. F. Conlon, charging him
with an assault with a deadly weapon
and carrying a concealed weapon. His
companion, John Lang, was charged
with an assault with a deadly weapon.
McLaughlin and Lang were loitering
in the shade of the coal bunkers on
East street early Sunday morning
when Conlon, who was in plain
clothes, approached them. They made
a threatening movement toward their
hip pockets when Conlon covered
them with his revolver and ordered
them to hold up their hands and walk
ahead of him, as he was an officer.
McLaughlin drew a revolver and Con
lon hit him on the head with the butt
end of his weapon, knocking him un
conscious. Lang escaped, but was
later arrested. They were Buspected
of robbing Alfred Kyal, but he could
not identify them.
McLaughlin, who has a cork leg,
and his brother Daniel on March Its.
1901, nearly killed Police Sergeant
John Lewis in a hovel on Rhode
Island street, between Twentyflfth
and Twenty-sixth. They were ar
rested and tried for assault to mur
der, but were convicted of simple as
sault by a jury and sentenced to three
months' imprisonment in the County
Jail. ....
Deadly Weapon on Complaint
of Policeman T. F. Conlon.
Each Accused of Assault With a
TELLS HUSBAND HE
HAS FUNEREAL FACE
CHARGES 3IADE AGAINST
MCLAUGHLIN" AND LANG
The following excellent programme wUl be
rendered by Mrs. Pauline Powell Burns and
Jtfrs. W. W. Purnell at Mrs. Burns' recital at
Maple Hall to-morrow evening: ¦:¦
Part I — "The Maiden's Song" (Metcalf);
piano, eonata. op. 53 (Beethoven): (a) "Ser
enade," (b) ."The Uobln," (c) "Three
Thoughts" ¦ Memories, Night, " Morning
(NeUlllnBer); piano. Improptu. .op. 142 (Schu
bert); "Indian Love Song" (De Koven); piano
(a) impromptu, op. 36. (b) etude, .op. 23, (c)
prelude, op. 28, <&) polonaise, op. 40 f Chopin);
(a) "Raft Song." (b) "O, That We Two Were"
Maying" (Nevln).
- Part II — Piano "Rlcordanza" (Liszt);, (a)
"Das Alte Lied/' (b) "Sommerabend" (L:ir
sen); piano. "Scherzo." B flat minor (Chojiln);
(a) "A TCeepsake," (b) "Uutll ; . You _Cj»me"
(Metcalf); piano, "Carnaval," op. 0 (Schu
mann), m&MVViWmtf^tf^-mmriKn
Morris Schneider and Miss Maybelle Ayres
were married last evening In 'San Francisco,
the "Marble room" of the Palace Hotel being
the scene of the happy event. The bride was
attended by Miss Rose Levy. Miss Alice Hold
stutt and Miss Etta Qoodday. while David
Schneider, Edwin Ayrea and Lowry Straus
were the groomsmen. ' (
After a tour of Southern California the
newly married couple will reside in Oakland,
where the groom Is eDgaged In business/ •
• • • • .
A wedding of considerable Interest In the
German colony will be solemnized at the First
Unitarian Church to-morrow evening when
Miss Llllle Baker of Berkeley will become the
bride of J. II. Flathmann, a young business
man of San Francisco. Over a hundred guests
have been bidden to the church, where Rev.
O. H. Gruvcr will officiate. A church ceremony
will be followed by a reception at the Flath
mann home on Adeline street.
Miss Edith Larkey cannot question her
popularity, for In spite of "87 degrees In the
shade" Saturday, her friends bravely risked
sunstroke to attend the "kitchen shower"
given in her honor by Mrs. Elizabeth Dow
Yorker. The lightest, thinnest gowns were
fished out from trunks already packed for the
summer Hitting. The result was that every
one looked cool and pretty and added very
effectively to a charming scene. ..
The shower included many very nice as well
as useful articles. In several Instances ac
companied by good wishes expressed in orig
inal verse or some other quaint fashion t*.
In the dining-room — which waa a favorite
place, because there one was served with
delicious Ices and cooling drinks — the decora
•tlons were suggestive of the honored guest's
little affaire du coeur. Strings of small red
hearts were festooned from walls to the cen
tral chandelier and hung down over the rose
adorned table.
Miss Larkey will become a bride on the
21st and her becoming white gown yesterday
gav« one an Idea of how pretty she will look
in her wedding Barb.
Among the guests yesterday were Mrs. Gil
bert Curtis*. In a stunning champagne and
blue gown; Mrs. E. L. Dow, Ml*a Dorothy
Goodcell— who, by the way, Is herself to be a
bride on the 23d — the Mlssoa Gorrlll. Mrs: Al
larde. Mrs. J. F. R. Webber and Miss Ethel
Haas. i
Mrs. Yorker Is always a charming hostess
and h»r hospitable «fforta were ably seconded
Saturday by her clever daughter. Miss Eva
Yorker. They were assisted in receiving by
Mrs. A. S. Larkey, Mrs. Herbert DuncSTi
Gaskill, Mrs. J. Loran Pease. Mrs. George
Lackie, Mrs. Harry Noble. Mrs. 8. p. Mc-
Henry. Mrs. G. M. Shaw. Miss Mabel Ruther
ford, Miss Elizabeth Pcupham, MIm Ida Lar
key. Miss Katherine White. Miss Anna White
and Miss Helen Noble.
OAKLAND, June 6.— The "weather clerk"
behaved like a little gentleman to-day at Mrs.
W. S. Baxter's garden party and consequently
there was nothing to mar an unusually de
lightful occasion. The guests rambled through
the beautiful grounds or played whist under
the Fplendid old oak trees at their own sweet
W1H and the game of croquet had not a few
devotees. The afternoon was waning into cool
evening when dainty cakeu and refreshing Ices
were served in the various artistic little arbors
scattered throughout the erounds.
Mrs. Baxter is a member of several card
clubs and has be?n entertained by many others
of .which she is not a member, and In re
turning these courtesies to-day her guests
were selected from the rolls of nearly all of
the whist clubs that have been playing through
the winter. Clad. In their prettiest ''summer
sowns member? of the Neighborhood, the Cos
mos, the Thursday, the Current Events and
the Muiuanlta clubs were found In the groups
of fashionable women who gave animation to
the rarely beautiful scene.
Assisting the hostess were Mrs. S. B. lie-
Henry, Mrs. S. II. Clark, Mrs. T. C. Coosran
Mrs. Charles Snook, Mrs E. N * Ewer Mrs
L. T. Roberts. Mrs. E. C. Morrison," Mrs!
Albert G. Davis, Mrs. A. D. Wilder Miss
Faith Sturtevant and Miss Helen Nelson.
The guests numbered over a hundred, among
them being Mrs. von der Itopp Mrs. David
Barstow, Mrs. J. L. Mayon, Mrs. Montgomery.
Mrs. Anthony. Mm. J. W.- Nelson Mrs E
C. Farnum, Mrs. John Farnham, Mrs. m". F.
Jordan. Mrs. Melvln C. Chapman, Mrs. Irving
Ayres, Mrs. Redmond, Mrs. A. B. Dennlson
Mrs. Edward Taylor. Mrs. A. Fine Mrs H.
P. Carlton, Mrs. J. R. Scupham, Mrs. George
LaeKie, Mrs. Frank Parker, Mrs. Mathes Mrs
Merrill. Mrs. Rea, Mrs. J. C. Richards, Mrs!
Walter Manuel, Mrs. George Manuel Miss
Mary Alexander. Mrs. Welles Whitmore, Mrs.
E. D. Yorker, ,Mrs. W. W. Standeford.
By Zoo Green RatlcHffe.
ENENTS IN bOClETY
Notification has been received of the elec
tion of President Wheeler as vice president of
the Archaeological Institute of America.
BERKELEY, June 6.— State University day
at the St. Loots Exposition Is to be celebrated
on Tuesday, June 2S, with considerable cere
mony.. There win be various exercises appro
priate to the occasion and a luncheon in the
Administration restaurant In the afternoon. The
State universities of the country will be repre
sented by several hundred delegates. Including
faculty, undergraduates and alumni and their
families. George F. McLean, president of the
University of Iowa and president of the
Association of State Universities, will act as
toast master at the luncheon. James B. Angell.
president of the University of Michigan, will
speak upon "The Significance of the State Uni
versities" and the Hon. John Sharpe Williams,
the minority leader In the House of Representa
tives, will represent the University of Virginia
as an alumnus and speak upon "Thomas Jef
ferson and His Educational Ideas." In order
that all guests may be properly cared for the
committee In charge requests that parties
planning to attend the luncheon notify Pro
fessor J. Arthur Harris of Washington Uni
versity, St. Louis, before June 15.
Lick Observatory Bulletin No. 56, which has
just . been Issued from the university press,
gives statistics regarding comet 1904 (Brooks),
compiled -by Astronomer Robert G. Altken and
Assistant Astronomer J. D. Maddrill of the Lick
Observatory ataff. . The data were secured
from* observations made by the 12- Inch tele
scope on the nights of April 17, May S and
May 24.
Harry Hudson, right end of last year's var
sity eleven, has been asked by the executive
committee of the Associated Students to coach
the varsity eleven for next year. Hudson is
now engaged In mining 'in South Africa, and It
is not certain that he will accept the offer. - In
case he does accept his expenses will be pro
vided by the Associated Students.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
When Price appeared in court to
day to answer to. a charge of petty
larceny Judge Tappan said that he
would not go on with the case until
he had thoroughly irfvestigated how
the warrant had been used and abused
by James. His Honor expressed the
opinion that the arrest was invalid
because of intimidation said to have
been resorted to by James to Induce
Price to accompany him to Alameda.
Attorney E. H. Creed of San Francisco
represented Price and at the request
of Judge Tappan consented to con
tinue the case until Friday afternoon.
ALAMEDA. Juae 6. — How Howard
K. James, a bill collector, brought
George L. Price here from Burson,
• "alaveras County, on a warrant which
he had no authority to serve and kept
Prire a private prisoner for three days,
is to be investigated by City Justice R.
B. Tappan. out of whose court the
warrant was issued on May 27. It
was kept by James in his possession
for three days and then turned over
to Constable George E. Clark, who ar
rested Price.
K. James. Who Ran a Private
Penitentiary.
Judge R. B. Tappan Is Alter Howard
COURT WILL INVESTIGATE
SCKVICE .OF A WAKKANT
The members of the committee pres
ent were Senator George C. Perkin*.
C. H. King, E. G. Lukens. Isaac Requa,
F. J. Moffltt. Frank C. Havens and W.
G. Palmenteer.
A first-class tourist hotel is now as
sured for Oakland. The executive com
mittee which was appointed to take
charge of the new enterprise, held its
first regular meeting this afternoon at
the Oakland Bank of Savings. C. 11.
King, chairman of the general commit
tee, was elected chairman of the ex
ecutive committee, and Edwin Stearna.
secretary of the Board of Trade, waa
elected secretary.
It was agreed to capitalize the hotel
at $750,000. with 7500 shar«s at a par
value of $100. None of the subscribers
to the hotel stock are to be. asked for
payment until $500,000 has been sub
scribed. The land on which the hotel
is to be built has been bonded for $15,
000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
" 1016 Broaaway, June 6.
C. H. King, the East Oak
land Capitalist, Is Chosen
to Direct the Enterprise
OFFICERS ARE ELECTED
Executive Committee Holds
First Regular Meeting and
Plans for the Campaign
The protestants were represented by
Attorney A- H. Cohen, who contended
that Eiferle'p application had on'.y b*en
Figned by one of the ten nearest resi
dents to the proposed saloon. Thv>
hearing of the • application was con
tinued.
Attorney J. J. McDonald objected to
the Rpv. Mr. Palmer's testimony, stat
ing that the case of the alleged vitia
tion of the law would be tried in court.
A protest against the granting of a
license to Chris Eiferle to conduct a
Faloon at the junction of gausal Creek
and the county road was presented to
the Board of Supervisors at the meet
ing of that body this morning, and
amonsr the protestants was the Rev.
Burton M. Palmer, who. testitltd that
Eiferie had been selling liquor without
a license. The minister testified, that
he had entered the applicant's place of
business and asked for a glass, oi beer,
which was sold lo him.. He. said he
knew the beverage to have beenbi.tr
because he blew the foam off a id
emeHed it. . .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 6.
Warren T. Clark, the entomologist at
the University of California, is head
of the forces-planning for the exter
mination of the pest. Mr. Clark's
jnethod to gain this end will be very
simple. His first -attack will begin at
Vorden, on the Sacramento River,
where 100 acres of corn land have been
put at his disposal. There he will grow
various kinds of corn for the purpose
of. ascertaining what kind of corn the
worm, likes best. As soon as this is
determined more of the corn to the
worrrTs liking will be grown In an iso
lated field, where it is hoped to con
fine him until the clean crop is har
vested: In a word, it Is a campaign
to isolate the pest. In every field of
corn after this year there will always
be one patch where the insect will flock
by himself.
In time it is hoped that the worm
will bo exterminated. The difficulty
about it now is that the worm cannot
be killed oft by sprays because he is in
side the hnslf , where he is safe. But
the scientists, are not despairing, and
they hope some day to find a way to
put him to rout.
He is the first thing that appears
after the husk has been taken off the
corn,' and he is an ugly thing to look
upon. Usually he has eaten half the
kernels on : the! cob and there is' little
left for the table. The corn worm's
greatest fault is that, he reduces the
market value of- all the corn grown in
the State one-half, and It is to get rid
of h!m that the scientists at the Uni
versity of California are laying .out a
campaign. •
Science is about to make its first at
tack upon the corn . worm— that de
structive little insect'that has been the
bane of the lives .of hundreds of farm
ers in California who raise the vege
table for the market. This' insect Is
familiar to all housewives who have
supplied the table with the succulent
food. . '
"Berkeley Ofllce San Francisco gall,
2148 Center Street, June 6.'
With the regular chairman, A. W.
Atherton, ¦ are Lawrence Hyde, M.
Montgomery, W. J. Allen, A. T. Bid
die, Frank Higuera, C. F. Murdock, G.
C. Valentine, W. G. Davidson, A.- W.
Powers, B. B. Booth and R. E. Rodifer.
Opposing them are J. B. Crandall, R.
J. Silva, A. C. C. Kruger, J. Neidt, C.
A. Sinclair, L. R. James, J. A. Mat
thews, J. T. Owens, G. T. Britt, W. C.
Allen, B. F. Calhoun and W. H. Swee
ney.
• The majority of the committee, under
the leadership of Atherton and the reg
ular secretary, Lawrence Hyde, kept
on doing business and put in a petition
to the board. So far as the name on
the ballot went, both asked for the
same thing, and it could have been
granted, but • the recognition of either
faction would give it a right to appoint
delegates and it was here, that the real
point of the trouble appeared. The
time, however, was passing for some
action to be taken and the two sides
have seen the necessity of settling diffi
culties and announced to-day that this
would be done.
The trouble arose when .the Union
Labor Central Committee, at a meet
ing held last April, deposed Chairman
J. B. Crandall and elected A. W. Ath
ertorr in his stead. Crandall took five
members of the committee with him
and organized a new committee of
which he is chairman and R.. J. Silva
was elected secretary. They then Ailed
the other vacancies on the committee
and presented a petition to the Board
of Supervisors to allow the name of the
Union Labor party to go on the regular
ballot. •
After several weeks of -fighting be
tween two factions of the Union Labor
party,. both. of which claimed to be the
only County Central Committee, it was
announced before the Board of Super
visors to-day that it was probable that
the. trouble could be amicably patched
up.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
\ : > 1016 Broadway, June 6. !
All of the stolen merchandise was re
covered. H. K. Jackson, head of the
company, declared he would not pros
ecute Wendt and that ho purposed to
give the young man opportunity to re
deem himself.
Quantities of cutlery, lace curtains
and blankets stolen from the Jackson
Furniture Company. 523 Twelfth street,
tfere recovered to-day by Detective
Quigley, who arrested Albert Wendt, a
clerk In the firm's employ, and charged
him with larceny.
Wendt confessed his guilt and said
he had taken the wares to get money
to Bpend with women. Wendt told the
police that he had served a term of a
year in the military prison at Alcatraz
Island as a deserter from the United
States army. . ,
Members of the firm were astonished
to-day when . Quigley informed them
that a lot of their stock had been sto
len and that Wendt was the thief.
When the detective said he would ar
rest Wendt there was indignation ex
pressed that the police should interfere.
Nevertheless, Wendt was taken into
custody and after he had told his story
was registered' for larceny.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 6.
TOURIST HOTEL
NOW ASSURED
Chris Eiferle Fails in Ef
fort to Get License for a
Roadhouse in Fruitvale
The resignations of Miss E. B. Cat
ton, Harrison School, and Clara Ketel-
Ken, preferred list, were accepted.
Charles H. Greenleaf, high school, was
granted six months' leave of absence.
Graduating exercises of the Poly
technic High School will be held June
1«. and of the Oakland High School
on June 17.
• Dr. N. K. Foster, secretary of the
State Board of Health, notified the
board that its action in rescinding the
order directing all public school pupils
to be vaccinated would involve proceed
ings against the board, Buch as -the
State Board of Health's attorney
should direct. The communication was
referred to the judiciary committee.
The board voted to introduce teaching
of sloyd and the domestic sciences in
the Garfleld and the Tompkins schools.
James H. Pond; principal Oakland
High School, from 52760 to $3012; Miss
Winifred L. Osborn, teacher physical
culture for gfrls at high school, from
$560 to $912; pianist for high schoc/1
gymnasium, from $2 to $:* per diem;
Miss R. M. Orton, principals' clerk and
librarian high school, from $600 to %~»'2;
Miss Eva Yorker, stenographer Super
intendent's office, from $720 to $912. The
minimum salary was increased from
$6C0 to $732. The position of super
visor of music, held by Eliza P. Brown,
was abolished, as was that of physi
cal culture instructor for boys in the
high school, held by James W. Rhodes,
who resigned to go to the University of
California. Director Redington's mo
tion to abolish all special teachers was
lost.
The Board of Education to-night
made a flat increase of $12 a year on
all salaries to principals, teachers and
janitors to cover the discounts on sal
ary warants. The following special in
creases were made:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. June 6.
Special Instructors Dis
missed and Resignations of
Two Others Are Accepted
Sir William Ramsay, the greatest
chemist in the world, will pot offer In
struction to students at the summer
Fchool of the University of California
this year. Quite unexpectedly the
wizard-scientist lias announced that he
will be detained in London all through
the summer by a scientific exigency
that suddenly arose while he was pre
paring to come to California.
i In a letter Just received by Professor
L,eon J. Richardson, dean of the sum
mer school. Sir William expresses his
great regret at thus being compelled to
disappoint many students intending to
attend his lectures at Berkeley and
asking to be relieved from. his obliga
tion. He does r.ot specify the nature
of the scientific cjuestion that will de
tain him, but it is thought to con
cern his researches into the phenomena
of xadio-activity, to which he has been
devoting much of his attention lately.
Sir William's withdrawal at this time
will surely disappoint and upset the
plans of hundreds of Intending stu
dents eager to work under the direc
tion of suc-h a notable scientist. Sir
William, with Professor Hugo de Vries,
the greatest botanist; Professor Svante
Arrhenius, the greatest physicist, and
Dr. Jacques Loeb, the greatest biolo
gist, was counted upon to complete the
greatest auartet of world-famous sci
entists ever gathered together at a uni
versity summer school. His loss will
be severely felt, for the time is too
short now to get another to fill his
place.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center street, June C.
English Scientist Will Be
Detained by Researches
Into Radium Phenomena
Appear Before Supervisors
and State if Given a Week's
Time They Can Agree
Dishonest Employe Makes
a Confession, Imt There
Will Be No 'Prosecutiou
Destroying Insect Consumes
Half of Kernels on Cob
and Reduces Its Value
TRAILS A YOUNG CLERK
FAB3IEBS.-L0SING. MONEY
UPSETS STUDENT PLANS
WANT ACTION DELAYED
FIXED BAISE FOR SOME
Oakland Board of Educa
tion Saves Pedagogues
Discounts on Warrants
Two Sides in Division of
the Union Labor Party Say
Desire Compromise
Scientists at University of
California Prepare for an
Attack on the Little Pest
Detective Locates Lot of
Goods Stolen From Jack
son Furniture Company
World's Greatest Chemist
Writes That He Cannot
Lecture at the University
SUMMER SCHOOL
LOSES RAMSAY
HOPE TO KILL
OFF CORN WORM
FACTIONS WILL
BURY HATCHET
VARIED WIRES
ARE FILCHED
GIVES HIS TESTIMONY
llew Burton 3L Pahner
Buys- Glass of Boer in
Order to Secure Evidence
SELLS LIQUOR
TO MINISTER
TEACHERS GIVEN
INCREASED PAY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN v FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, , JUNE - 7, 1904.
6
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
There should always be found a
bottle of the famous Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. It is good for
every member "of the family,. and
if taken at the start may counter-
act a long sick spell. Xo other is
just as jjood nor so safe and re-
liable. It puts the stomach in a
normal condition and cures /Bil-
iousness, Constipated . Bowels,
Dyspepsia, Indige'stion, Insom-
nia, Liver troubles and . Malaria.
Doctors and Druggists recom-
mend it. Try one battle.
IN EVERY HOME
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND.
10!6 Druaihvay.
Telephone Main 1083.
BEKKIXEJ^
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALA3IEDA.
1435 Park Street.,
Telephone Alameda 1302.
BKANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL LV »
¦ ALAMEDA COUNTJfl
ADVERTISEMENTS. r v '
It's a Mother's Duty
To see that the children's teeth receive
the
DENTIST'S
Attention at an early age. It will pre-
vent premature decay, irregular growth,
loosening, etc.
Our methods are thorough and suc-
cessful. Filling, extracting/ eta. is done
In a. highly skillful manner.
Taetfc Be4ralat«d..$5!B<m» rilling* . 2So
Gold rulings.. $1.00; Silver rilliajj. [ [ 50c
Post-Graduate Dental College
3 TAYX.OB ST., SAW 7KAXCXSCO.
¦ 973 Washington St., Oakland.
Saa Jobs. ¦ • ¦ Sacrament**The rteamship Conemaugh. which left Hon
olulu 133 days ago for New Tork with a cargo
of sugar, was yesterday declared uninsurable.
Bho has been quoted at 90 per cent for a long
time and there is now little prospect of her
«\ er showing up. She was heavily laden when
Conemaugh Unlnsnrable.
The steamer Alameda. which sailed on Sat
urday for Honolulu, carried a general mer
chandise cargo valued at $121,475. The follow
ing were the principal exports:
ISO l.bls flour. 0275 gals C7 cs wine. 656 gals
70 cs whisky, 200 pkgs beer, 15 cs liquors, 13
cs rrln. S2 gala S cs brandy. 45.S30 lbs 12 sks
malt, 6105 lbs cheese, 11,127 lbs butter. 74S2
lbs lard. 302 pkgs paste. 10.497 lbs 10 pkgs
meals, 331 cs assorted canned goods, 619 pkgs
(froierles and provisions, 080 lbs 6 pkgs raisins,
1425 lbs 1 cs dried fruit, ltf pkgs table prepara
tions. 24,410 lbs oleomargarine, 150 gals spirits,
1177 lbs pra«. 65'JU lbs candy, 14 cs baking
powder, 8463 lbs dried fish. 4A24 lbs 6 pkgs
br^ad. 1570 lbs ¦ tea, 62 cs 10 bbls salmon,
240<) lbs salt. 10.123 lbs ham and bacon, 19 cs
naiad oil. 1709 lbs 10 pkffn fresh fish. 12.612 lbs
sugar, 1062 lbn nuts. 2597 lbs 7 cs apices,- 2254
lbs 5 cs dressed poultry, 4390 lbs glucose, 8122
llrr fresh meat, 1225 pkXB potatoes, 1620 lbs
bcar.s, 366 pkgs onions. 107 cs eggs, 133 pkgs
frenh- vegetables, 1705 rkes fresh fruits, 103
ctlB barley. 20C0 lbs middlings, 7 ctls wheat,
14 ctls corn, 230,100 lbs cement, 9000 firebricks.
Three Cargoes for Honolulu.
Juan de Fuca Strait, page 74— Heln bank
buoy, a R. and I). H. S. first-class can, is lo
cated approximately 1.150 feet N. »i W. from
a pinnacle rock or boulder having but 11^1
feet over It at mean low water. The buoy
will be moved closer to the rock as soon as
practicable. Corrected bearings are: Smith
Island lighthouse. E. 11-16 N., New Dungeness
lighthouse S. % K., discovery Island light
house (Canadian) W. fj N.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
C. O. CALKINS,
Commander, U. 6. X.. Lighthouse Inspector.
WASHINGTON
The following affects the 1,1st of Lights,
Buoys and Daymarkn, Pacific Coast, 1904.
Notice to Mariners.
Tha following vessels are chartered for lum
ber: Schooner Inca (at Honolulu), from
Portland to Shanghai or Kaiochou at 38* 0d;
ship Jabez Howes (also at Honolulu), from
Puget Sound to Sydney^ at 33s 9d, with option
of Melbourne or Adelaide, at 40s, or Fres
mantle at 60s; steamer rtelades, from Portland
to Manila (chartered by Cnlted States Govern
ment). All of the foregolns were chartered
prior to arrival. The bark Olympic returns to
Honolulu with general cargo.
XEWS OF TIIE OCEAN.
W. E. Mighell, president of the California
Shipping Company, will sail from here June
10 on the liner Ventura on a six months'
vacation.
• The •ttamshlp Queen, which narrowly es
caped destruction by fire on her last voyage
from here to Victoria, docked - yesterday at
Broadway wharf, ail iMcns of the nre ob
literated and looking handsomer than ever.
She will gall Thursday, resuming her old place
In the regular schedule and commanded by
Captain Cousins.
W. B. Uowm, staff expert on nautical sta
tistics at the Merchants* Exchange, leavers to
day for a two weeks" vacation at Seigler
Spring?. He will be accompanied by his wife
and daughter.
Water Front Notes,
Martin Nelson, a member of the crew of
the scow schooner Cecelia Maria, died suddenly
on bf>arii the v<-*».?l laj»t Sunday night. Heart
disease Is sumwu-u to have been the cause of
death.
Sailor Dies Suddenly.
OBJECTS TO WIDOWS ALLOWANCE.—
George B. Merrill, who says he has a claim
for 15000 against the estate of the late Andrew
G. Booth, the attorney, filed an objection yes
terday to the allowance of S23O a month era.nl
eu to Booth's widow. Merrill avers that the
estate Is not large enough to stand the pay
ment and that to continue it will work a
hard-hip on the creditors.
United States Commissioner James S. Man
ley at 2 o'clock this afternoon will conduct
the preliminary examination of W. Nel3on. A.
Larsen, Jacob Swei and John Johnseon. mem
bers of t h e crew of the schooner Coquille
River, charg-ed with having on the high seas
incited anothtr member of the crew named
Eric Gustaffion to mutiny.
Mutineers to Be Tried.
. ".* TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Arca'a Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.|June 7
Coptic China & Japan June 7
Elizabeth Coqullle River June 7
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. June 7
Pomona Humboldt June "j
O. «.V. ElJer.. Portland & Astoria June H J
Chlco Portland & Aptorla June 8.
Aurella Portland & Astoria June .8
Mlneola Tacoma June 8
Czarina Coos Bay June 'J
Point Arena.. Mtr.doclno & Pt. Arena. Jui.s 9
Santa Rona.. San Diego & Way Pts. June 0
Coos Ita y Fan Prdro & Way Pts. Jun* »
Newburg Cray* Harbor June 'J
Chehalls Han Pedro June »
G. Dollar <5rays Harbor June 10
Eureka Humboldt June 10
City Para New Ycrk via Panama. (June lu
Alcoa China & Japan (June 10
CltyPuebla.. Pujrct Sound Ports. ...Uun* 10
Corona Humboldt |June 10 I
Nebraskan... New Yorit June 12
North Fork.. Hnmbo'.dt IJune 12
Argo Eel River Ports jjune 12
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma IJune 13
Columbia . Portland & Astoria June 13
Hen It a Newport & Way Ports. 'June 13
stiteof Csl.. San Dlej?o & Way Pts.jjune 13
TTmatllla Puiret Sound Ports. .. .IJune 15
San Jose New Tork via Panama. June 15
Luxor HamburK & Way Ports June 18 1
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma June 19
Alliance I Portland &, Way Ports June 10
SAIL! '
Steamer. Destination. Sails] i»ier.
Jane 7.
R. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 6 pm Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 3
Eureka Humboldt 9 amIPler 13
Curacao Mexican Ports lft cmlPler 11
Alliance.... Kureka & Coos Bay 5 pm|Pier 16
June 8.
Argo. Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Honlta Newport *; Way... 9 am Pier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 3 pm Pier 20
Sequoia.... Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier i"0
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier J
Breakwater Coos Bay 9 am Pier 8
Valencia... Nome via Seattle.. 11 am Pier ».
Rainier.... | Seattl" ft Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 10 j
June 9. I" J
Ch'halls... Grays Harbor I 3 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd|10 pm Pier 13
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor p| er —
Elizabeth.. Coquille River fi pm Pier 20
State of Cal Ean Diego £ Way. 9 am Pier 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier 'i
1 Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
C Nelson.. Nome & Teller 4 pm Pier 20 \
Pomona.... Humboldt 11:30 pPl.r 9
June 10. I
t chlco Astoria &. Portland! 6 pm Pier 2
Jute 11. | |
Aurella.... Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 2
G W. Elder Astoria * Portland 11 am Pier 2*
giterla China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Newport... N - T - vla Panama. 12 m Pier 40
PC Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier a
June 13.
Santa Rosal San Diego * Way. 9 am Pier 11
Centralla...! Grays Harbor | 4 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt- ll:30pPler it
Newburg,.. Grays Harbor. 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay. . . Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
June 13.
O. Dollar.. ' Gray* Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
1 / June 14.
CltyPuebla Pujet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
. June 15. , .
XorthFonc. Humbolft .'.. 6 pm Pier 20
Jane ¦ 16.
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Jeanle Seattle tc Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria * Portland 11 am Pier 24
"- ¦ FROM SEATTLE;
Steamer. , For. Balls.
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports. June S
J. Dollar..'... Valdez & Seward June 8
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Juna 10
' Alitl.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 10
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. June 10
Tamplco..... Nome A St. Michael... Juna 12
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. June. 12
Valencia.:... Nome ........ ..:.-..... June 14
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. IJune 16
Dlrlgo.. Skagway & Way Ports. [June 16
| TUESDAY, JUNE 7.
I Sun rises ." 4:47
Sun seta 7:29
'Moon rises .....0:57 a. m.
C Tltnel ITImel TUnel Time
£ ] Ft. I 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
«* V W| iH W| L W| H W
"? 0:46| 2.4 6:27 3.4 12:10 1.7| 7:07 JTl
8 l:32j 1.9 7:."!7 3.6 1:00 2.0 7:43 8.2
d 2:14 1.2 »:U 3.8 1:42 2.2 M:l« 6.4
I 10 2:5« 0.6 9:41| 4.0 2:30 2.4 8:50 5.«
,11 3:37l O.OI10:.TI! 4.2f 3:14 2.6 9:24 &.S
12 I 4:18l—0.5|ll:22| 4.4| 3:55! 2.8;i0:02| 6.0
' XOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early moislng tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence «s to time: th«
fourth time column gives the last tide of tea
.day. except when there are but three tides, as
f sometimes occurs. Th* heights given are la
> addition to the soundings of the United States
I Coast Survey charts, except" when a minus ( — )
; sign precedes the height, and then the number
' given Is subtracted from, the depth given by
| the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
¦ at the lover low waters.
EASTKRN PORTS,
NEW YORK— Arrived June 5— Br bark Klrk-
HONOLULU— Sailed June 6-r-U S stmr Bu
ford, for San Francisco. . '-<-
HILO — Sailed June 4 — Stmr Alaskan, for
Delaware Breakwater.
ISLAND. PORTS,
PORT BLaKELEV — Arrived June C — Br ship
Cleomene. from , Port Town«end.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June «— Bktn
Aurora, from Honolulu.
EUREKA— Arrived June B— Stmr Itqua,
hence June 4; stmr -Bee hence June 3.
Sailed June 6 — Stmr San Gabriel, for San
Pedro. .
Sailed June S — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAT— Sailed June 6 — Stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco. < /
Arrived June 6 — Stmr Czarina, hence June 3.
PORT IIARFORD— Sailed June 6, 3 a m—
Slmr Coos Bay, for 8an Pedro.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived June 6— Bark
Emily Reed." hence May 21.
• TACOMA — Arrived June 6 — Stmr James Dol
lar, from Valdes; stmr Jeanle. from San Fran-
Sailed" June 6 — Bark 8t.~- James, for Delagoa
Bayf stmr City of Pucbla. for San Francisco.
SEATTLE^ — Arrived June 6 — U 8 transport
Dlx, from Manila; stmr Bertha C. Knudscn,
from Valdes.
Arrived June 6 — Stmr Bertha, from Valdez.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed June 6— Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San Diego.
• Sailed June C — Stmr Coos .Bay. for San Pedro.
ASTORIA — Sailed June 5 — Fr bark Mare
char de Noailles. for Queenstown. June 6 —
Stmr George W. Elder, for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Sailed June 6— Schr Mary
Dodge, for Eureka. ' *1'_- ¦ -
FORT BRAGG — Arrived June 6— Stmr James
S HlgRins. from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed June 6— Stmr Brunswlc^t, for Ean
"vENTURA — Sailed June 6— Stmr Asuncion,
for Port Harford.
TATOOSH — Pasted In June 6 — Bktn KMkltat,
from Honolulu, for Port Ludlow.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 5— Schr A. F.
Coats, from Columbia River.
' Sailed June ." — Br ship Hawthornbank, for
J . June 6-— Stmr Samoa. -for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
May 21— In lat 2C N. long 21 W, Fr bark
Gencvleve Molina?, > from Swansea, for San
Francisco.
East- Goodwin lightship— Passed May SO —
Ger t,hlp Urania, from Antwerp, for San Fran
cisco.
SPOKEN,
POINT LOBOS. June C, 10 p. m. — Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles per hour.
Schr Abble, I>arsen, hence June 4, for Fort
Ross, on account of carrying away foresail
Juno 6, 20 miles SW of Farallone Island in
NW cale.
TELEGRAPHIC.
: ; .» V Monday, June 6.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr F. A. Kilburn, Jahnser.. Port Rodsers.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Mandalay, Payne. .
Stmr Alcazar. Wlnkel. Greenwood.
Stmr South Bay, Jamieson. Eureka.
Stmr Corona, Glelow. Eureka.
Stmr Prentlss. Ahlstrom. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Shasta. Hansen. Grays Harbor. •
Stmr Scotia Johnson, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Gualala. Panzer. Benders Landing.
RETURNED TO PORT.
CLEARED. <v;i
Monday, June 6.
Stmr Corona. Glelow. Eureka: P C S S Co.
Bark Mohican Kelly. Honolulu; Welch & Co.
SAILED. t-'.:-
ARRIVED.
Monday, -June 6.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Jiaddart, S6 hours from
Olympia. via Seattle SO hours, bound to Re
dondo, put In to land passengers. I
Stmr Eureka. J^Fsen. 'Si hours from Eureka.
Stmr Honlta, Preble, CS hours from San
Pfdro and way ports.
Stmr F. A. Kllburn. Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rodger?.
Stmr Prentlss, Ahletrom, 36 hours from San
Pedro.
Slmr Signal. Bendegard, 46 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Ventura. Hayward. 21 days from Syd
ney, via Honolulu 5 days 19 hours 13 minuted.
Stmr State o( California, Nicolscn, 42 hours
from San Dleso and way ports.
Nor stmr Titanla. Egenes, 6 days from Xa
naimo. via Ladysmith.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Bark Amy Turner. Warland, 23 days from
Hllo.
Bktn S. N. Castle. Nilson, 20 days from
Honolulu.
Schr John A. Olsen, 36 hours from Eureka.
Schr Lily, Bottger, 3Vj days from Umpqua
River.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 10 hours from Bo
dera.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, 5 days from
Greys Harbor.
Schr Jennb GrUfin, Gibson, 2!i hours from
Bolinas.
Shipping Intelligence.
Colon Inquiry Postponed.
Local Ir.s;>*-ctor* Bollea and Bulger yester
day Do^tDonol until to-morrow at Oi.'JO a. m.
the Investigation into the grounding of the
steamship Colon off the Central American
coast. M. P. Sullivan, the chief engineer. Is
In Chioo i-nd the Inspectors desire his attend
ance. Hnlllvan is charged with intoxication
and neglect of duty and first Mate WHsm,
who was married on board the vessel. Is ac
cus""d of havine given th>' atorekeeDT $100
to Mipply all handd with liquor. The inves
tigation promises to be of great interest.
The schoonrr Abbie. v.-hlch left here June 4
for Fort Rons, returned to port yesterday in
distress. When about twenty miles southwest
of the Farallones i=he encountered a northwest
gale, during which her foresaM was converted
Into artistic but i^e'eFs ribbons.
Kcturns for Kcpair*.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th»
S u perintendent.
NOTE — The* high and low waters occur at
the city front* (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is the same at both places.
£un. Moon and Tide.
The thirty-third annual picnic of
the Portuguese Protective and Be
nevolent Association will be held at
Shell Mound Park on Sunday, June 24.
Music for dancing in the Azorean style
•will be furnished by a string or
chestra in the upper hall. A bra^s
band has been engaged for the oc
casion, tombola and gate prizes offered
and a good time is jissured all who at
tend. Children under 12 years of age
will be admitted free.
Porttiffue** A initial Picnic.
Branch Hydrographlc ornce, u. t>. t*.. jaer«
chants' E:ictmnge. Saa Francisco, Cal.,
Juna 6. 1904.
The Time Ball, on th- tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
i t-.. at noon ot the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Time nan.
W. K. Carter, another of the Ven
tura's passengers, is one of Australia's
veteran stagecoach drivers. Railroads
and automobiles have ended the useful
nes of Carter's professional accomplish
ments and, having accumulated a snug
fortune, the old man has laid aside the
lr-ather ribbons and is out seeing some
thing of the world. Moss Davis a New
Zealand brewer and the proprietor of
many dozens of public houses, or sa
loons, was another passenger. Accom
panied by his wife and daughter. L»avis
is en his way to the St. Louis fair.
The Ventura's voyage was marred
by an accident in the engine-room May
28, as the result of which Frank Irvine,
an oiler, lost his life. The liner was at
sea, half way between Pago Pago and
Honolulu. The engineer ~n wato* no
ticed an irregular sound in the star
board engine and ordered it stopped.
Upon investigating, the body of Irvine
was discovered. He had been caught
by the lower pressure crankpln, de
capitated and otherwise mangled. His
body was brought home for burial.
Passengers and crew subscribed about
$1000 for the benefit of the dead man's
mother, who lives In this city.
XV. J. Owens, port steward of the
Oceanic Steamship Company, who has
been making a business trip to Aus
tralia, returned on the Ventura. Dur
ing his absence his place was filled by
Harry Allen, who was chief steward
of the Sierra.
The Ventura's passengers included
the following named:
From Sydney— Mrs. R. M. McC. Anderson.
Gordon W. Boyd. Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Blow,
Maner A. Blow. George Birdsall. Rev. Father
H F. Bakker, Phillip Caro, Mr. and Mrs. John
Dick. Carl von Drehnen, Mr. and Mrs. D.
Davis. Miss B. It. Davis, W. E. £l» h «r, F. M.
Grant J F. Gates, Rev. Dr. John Hemphill.
Mrs. John Hemphill, Maurica Lyons, Mr. and
Mri A. T. Magarey. Miss M. C. Maparey,
Mr. and Mrs. K. O. Mackenzie, \V. J. Onens,
M. E. Pettlnger, Mr. and Mrs. F. Russell.
P.ev and Mrs. A. C. Ranklne. Mtes Edith
O'Pullivan, Mrs. A. Aid worth Smith. Mr. and
Mrs. A. SMtt, Fritz Schaper. E. P. Simpson.
Gaston Strap. Miss K. Thompson, Mrs. S.
TI A™kJa£d-Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Darker. W.
K oSSn Miss Nellie Dodd. Mr., and Mrs.
Mobs' Davis and maid. Miss Blanche Davis,
Mis" Muriel Darts. Miss Ruby Davis, Paul
M Hansen M G. Hecles. Rev. Father D. T.
O-'hSiSSu C. L. Mackersey. L. W. Macker
"eyMrSTMcLMd. Mrs. J. M. I«ett and two
n'dM Mrs Alice Wllkens. Miss It. Rich
ardson^Mr and Mr«. P. Ollphant MI 8 , M.
Ollrhant. R. F Rowlands. W. J. Read. Mr.
K Hemp.mlth. Mrs. C. H. Seville. A.
D pago e p^o-H. C. Sharp, Mies O Sharp.
Honolulu-Prince K. KaJaulauaole. A. Mae
klllop. Miss C. E. Bray. Rev. W. M. KIncald.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Meyer and Infant. Mrs. E.
M. Farrar. C. II. Dickey. Mr. and Mrs. O. J.
Frlnchman. Mr. and Mrs. M. M. Brown. Miss
J. Walleru J. B. ArksmI*. W. A. Rowell.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Duncan and child. H. H.
Brodie. R. fi. McBride. J- A. Cunningham.
Miss A. Cunningham. Miss F. Cunningham.
J. A. Cunningham Jr.. Mr. and Mr«. H. H.
Noble. Mr. and Mm. II. T. Han>elden_ and
child. O. H. Harpelden. Mr. and Mrs. B. R.
Meyer*. Miss C. Zahn. B. M. Marks, Mr. and
Mm. W. B. Thomas, MIm M. Byrne. II. C.
Mohr. Mr. and Mrs. C. n. Hemenwar. vMtss
TT. H. Colburn. Miss Julie Helen. H. Res.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Mover. Mr. and Mrs. C. P.
Cain. H. TV. Knight. W. H. Bromley. E. E.
Mossman, A. Popple, Mrs. Otto Schmidt.
Mm. W. S. Ellis and Infant. J. S. Ross. W.
T. Robinson. Paymaster R, II. Woods. U. S.
X.; J F. Holloway. E. A. Knudsen. Mrs. M.
J. Douse and Infant. Mm. C Marttndell and
child. Miss May Winter. Miss M. Winter.
MIks U. Davis. E.' Polllti. A. M. Robertson.
Mrs. J. Carnarfe and Infant.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Ventura. Captain H. ML Hay ward,
arrived yesterday according to sched
ule and docked in time for the British
mail to be transferred to the overland
train which connects with the Atlantic
liner that will carry it to Queenstown.
The Ventura was twenty-one days and
eighteen hours from Sydney and five
days and nineteen hours from Honolulu.
She brought 2s2 passengers and a full
cargo. Fine weather prevailed through
out the trip.
Among the passengers from Hono
lulu was Prince Cupid. He was accom
panied by the rear guard of the
Hawaiian delegation to the Republican
National Convention at St. Louis. "W".
E. Fisher, who came on the liner from
Sydney, represents an American firm
in the Antipodes, where he has made
his home for some years. He was the
first man in Australia to own an auto
mobile and is secretary of the Auto
mobile Club of Australia. He says there
ar e about 125 cars In Sydney, nearly all
of a high grade.
Two more vesrels of the sugar fleet arrived
y«;terday from Hawaiian ports and both te
port having encountered exceptionally fine
weather. The bark Amy Turner was twenty
five days coming from Hllo. The barkenttne
S. N. Castle, from Honolulu, waa favored with
brtter breezes and made the run In twenty
days.
she left Honolulu and is i»aid to have i-ho-wn
slpnn of tenderness. Under orders' from the
•underwriters the was to have gone around
Cape Hern. She reached Coronel ?af"ly and
left that port just one hundred days ago.
Since then fhe has nr>t been heard from. Th<»
rate of reinsurance on the British ship Lcy
lsnd Bros. wa>»'advanced to 40 per cent.
Sucar HonU Arrive
Movements of Steamers.
The bark Mohican was cleared yeaterday for
Honolulu with an assorted cargo, valued at
J6WK) and Including 12.294 lbs middling*. 255
ctlB corn, 1925 lbs bread. 225 cs canned goods,
70 cs syrup, 100 carboys acid, 1008 Xt hard
wood, r. pkgs dry goods, tf pkgs paints and oils.
100 oars. 5 bdls brooms, 27CO lbs soda, 1*3,140
lbs fertilizer and 1500 lbs cement.
200 bbls flour, 1951 ctls barley, 27,209 lbs
bran. 277 gaU 72 cs whisky. 21 pkgs lable
preparations. C00 lbs eeffee. 25 casks l>ottled
beer. 55.300 lbs salt, 25 bbls salmon, 5230 lbs
lanl, 1520 gals wine, 8t pkjrs groceries and
provisions. 41 cs canned goods. 605 lbs peas, -
H« lbs com starch, 46.«S lbs middlings. 42 ctla
¦wheat. 110O gals vinegar 30 sks feed. UM bales >
hay. 394.790 lbs fertilizer, .5000 lbs oilcake |
meal. S ctls oat*. 8 ctls corn, 400 lbs tea, $*.- I
KIM? ft lumber, 3n.S bdls wire. 05 bxs soap 150 '
pes 2S pkg» mlllwcrk. 13.675 lbs distillate, 24 :
pkgs nulls, 214 pkgs white lead. 27 colls rope, i
4 pk£« leather, 100 cs coal oil, 20 bbls cement, i
75 bbls lime. 31 bbls oils, 2488 lbs zinc, 5 ,
drums carbide. ¦
29.4.TS lbs 30 pk$cs tobacco. 24S pkes paints. 14
pk*« rubber Koodc. 0 bales hose. 47-cs boots
and shoes, 175 pkjrs dry good.*, 0 cs hats and
caps. ".% c* mutches. 16 pk&s machinery, « pkus
arms and ammunition, 17 pkgs mlllwork. 00M)
lbs M>da. 22 bbl.« 21 cs oils, 5 pkRs bicycles and
run.irlt-j.. :Z> pkps leather. L'ti pkgs electrical
•uppltes. ."» pkgs soap. ISO pkgs drugs and min
dries. 221 pkps paper, 337 bdls *hooks, 1SS pkics
wa^on material, 7?w:o lbs ro»in, 9.1 rks coke,- 10
bbls tar, 40 pes steel, 8S bdls 53 bars iron, 7
ceils rot*.
The t.ark Annie Johnson sailed on Sunday
for Honolulu with an assorted merchandise
ranro. valued at $23,194 and Including the fol
lowing: _^
UAUK AMY Tl'RN'ER. WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY WITH A LARGE CARGO OF SUGAR FROM THE PLANTATIONS OF
HILO. LIKE OTHER SUGAR CARRIERS OK RECENT ARRIVAL SHE ENCOUNTERED EXCEPTIONALLY FINE
WEATHER THROUGHOUT THE VOYAGE. WHICH OCCUPIED TWENTY-FIVE DAYS.
A practice review of the troops took
place yesterday on the links under the
command of Colonel Charles H. Xoble.
The reviewing officer was Colonel
Charles Morris. The troops made a
splendid showing.
The transuort Logan sailed from
Honolulu at 5 p. m. last Saturday and
will be due here on Sunday, June 12.
She brings 309 casuals, 1 insane, 23 sick
and 23 prisoners.
The transport Buford sailed from
Honolulu Sunday at 10 a. m. for this
port.
Lieutenant H. B. Farrar from Fort
Douglas registered at headquarters
yesterday.
a -»-
The transport Sherman will sail for
Manila on July 1. She will take a large
number of recruits and a lot of casuals,
among whom are Professor Lawrence
K. Griflin, Mrs. F. von Shrader, wife of
Major von Shrader, and Hon. W. M.
Brewer, State Senator from Pennsyl
vania. /
SIIKKMAX TO SAIL.
The reports that have reached here
that Lieutenant V. C. Lewis and the
companion ot his flight are In Mexico
meet with little credence by the offi
cers of the department who are ac
quainted with Lewis. They place about
as much faith In this report as they
did in the original announcement he
sent out at the time of his flight, when
he gave out the statement that his
body would be found near Fort Point.
The Loyal Legion will hold its an
nual outing .. to-morrow. They will
leave Washington street dock at 9:30
a. m. and proceed to Mare Island,
where a" collation attended by speech
making will be indulged in. Admiral
McCalla will make the speech of wel
come and General MacArthur, the
commander of the Legion, will reply.
The party will return to town about
6 o'clock.
TO HAVE OUTING.
On Friday General MacArthur will
make a full inspection of the batteries
located just west of the Presidio.
Following the review the command
ing officer ffnd his staff will be enter
tained at lupcheon by Colonel Morris.
In the afternoon General MacArthur
will make a complete tour of inspection
of the post. Including all the barracks,
storehouses, stables and hospitals.
General MacArthur will hold his an
nual review of the troops stationed at
the Presidio at 9 o'clock this morning
on the golf links. The ceremonies will
occupy about one hour. .Colonel Morris
will be in command of the troops. In
tha review, the Tenth and Twenty
eighth infantries, the Third squadron
Ninth Cavalry, the Coast Artillery and
the Field Battery will all participate.
It will be an imposing spectacle. Gen
eral MacArthur will be accompanied
by Colonel George Andrews, Major
Parker W. West and Captain Frank
L. Winn.
FLYMOtTTH— Arrived June 6— Stmr Kron
prlnz Wilhelm. from New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived June 6— Stmra Numld
tan and Columbia, from New York.
. GIBRALTAR— Pawed May 27— Br itmr
Oanfa. from Tacoma, for Liverpool.
NKWCASTL.E. Aus.— Sailed May 23— Br bark
Invercauld, for San Franciscoi.
In port May 1« — Rr ships Acamaf, Braea
dale Dalcairnle and Ditton, for San Fran
cisco; Br chlii Eskasoni. for San Dleso; Ita!
ship Kortunato Flgarl. for Honolulu: Fr bark
General de Nearer, for San Francisco: Hi*
i»hlp Mooltan, for Acapuco: "Fr bark Xotr«
Dame d'Arvour, for San Francisco: Ger bark
Osterbek. for San Francisco; Br ship Palgrave.
for San Francisco; Ger bark Steinbek, for Paa
Francisco; Br ship Thornliebank. for San
Francisco.
Sailed May 2— Br ihlp Blythrwood, for Ma»
atlan and Guaymaa. May 15 — Br ship Arracac,
for Aca^ulco.
CHAMPERICO— Sailed June 4 — Ger stmr
Luxor, for San Francisco.
CALLAO— Sailed Jun« 2— Ger stmr Ramses,
for San Francisco.
HAMBURG— Sailed June 2— Fr ship Dugu*y
Trouln. for Santa Rosalia.
CARDIFF— Arrived June 4— Fr ehlp Andre
Thoodorle from Victoria.
FALMOITTH— Arrived June 6— Fr bark Col
de Villebois Mareull from Tacoma.
SHIELDS— Sailed Jun« 5— Br stmr Ilford,
for Manila.
MAZATLAX— Sailed Juno 4— Stmr City of
Para, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 6— Stmr China,
hence May 19. . ••
BARRY ISLAND— Paused June 3 — Fr ehlp
Andre Theodore from Victoria.
VICTORIA— Arrived June 6— Stmr Pleiades,
from Yokohama, in tow Ger stmr Nicomedia;
Ger stmr Nicomedia. from Astoria, for Hong
kong, with stmr Pleiades tn tow.
• OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN rOKTS.
ST. LOUIS, June 6.—An official bulle
tin issued this evening by the World's
Fair Press Bureau follows: " •-?
"Alameda County's exhibit In the
California section of the Palace of Ag
riculture has a facade made of Cali
fornia redwood.
"The entire structure on the outside
is made of photographs, showing
scenes in Alameda County. The arch
itectural design was the work of W. H.
Weilbye, one of California's commis
sioners. Several plate glass cases show
700 varieties of cereals and nuts, fruits
in glass jars, olives, oils and choice
wines.
"Hunt Brothers & Co.. canners of
fancy fruit grown in Alameda County,
will give away canned fruit to visitors
every day during the fair at this
booth."
4 . +
hill from Barb%doea: Ger ihlp Nereui, .from
Rotterdam. '
Sailed June 6— Stmr Oregonlan, for Saa
Francisco.
Special Dl«p*tch to The Call.
Dr. Hemphill left here about six
months ajro to till temporarily th<» pul
pit of the principal Presbyterian
church in Sydney and incidentally to
benefit his health. He won warn) favor
with eclonial ehureh-eoers, and ovory
time the "American minister"
preached, pay people who crossed on
the Ventura, hundreds were turned
away from the church doors. Dr. and
Mrs. Hemphill Epeak in glowing terms
of the kindnoss with which they were
Treated. The pleasure of it all. how
ever, was somewhat marred by the
reading of the newspaper clipping re
ceived at Honolulu.
Whon the doctor said yesterday that
ho was home to fia:ht he straightened
out his athletic frame as if he coulu.
and there was a glint in his eyes that
FUggested he might enjoy it. His first
move will be to locate the black sheep
of the Calvary flock whose bleating, the
doctor believes, inspired the shower of
tnud.
I am »>ack in San Francisco. I am back
to ftey; I am b*.ck to fight. I am poing to
find out the history of that attack. I am go
irur to chow that there is »>ti!l money tn the
trr-asury or Calvary Church — that Calvary
«"hurth j« not bankrupt «nd is not even going
to b* sn debt, n
I am accui-pd of extravagance. I have had
ton much experience with vhuroh d'bts not to
Jurfit to avoid them a» a i>larue. This article
trlls of a liith i>rice raid lor »n orvan and
talk* ft my ii>sirtlns upon having thre* kitch
ens cttcrficd u> tiie churi'n. I fought the price,
of the orssn trcm f2>).<j(H> to $7000. and the
«.i'Ji€r vu non» «.-f try doing.
«"«!i-arv Chardl i* in a rood condition flnan
rtally. Adjoining: the rhurch we own real es
tate which t« bringing in an fncome of $W)
a month. V\> have other resources, and. an>
war. the treasury I* !ar from brine in the
empty condition depicted in that article.
Hcv. Dr. John Hemphill, pastor of
Calvary Presbyterian Church of this
city, ¦who. accompanied by Mrs. Hemp
hill, returned from Australia, yesterday
on the liner Ventura, has mapped out
for himself a, vigorous campaign of
vindication. The doctor received at
Honolulu a copy of a local paper con
taining an article in which Calvary
?Church treasury was depicted as being
empty and the pastor's extravagance
«.ited as a contributory cause. It was
puggrested that Dr. Hemphlll's absence
vouid probably be permanent.
Like a jrood general, the doctor de
tiines to reveal his plan of campaign,
but makes no bones about stating the
objects he intends to accomplish. lie
said:
It is putting it mildly to say that I was
ansry »hen I read that article in Honolulu.
My «ng«r was dirvctt-d not so much against
tli* p«i*r »hlch primal the accusations at
• •-„••, m what I l^Ijrte to have been the «>urce
of the article'* inspiration. I think I could
plare my hand upon the real author of • the
aitiilF. which le a malicious slander from bc
: ¦ •. ¦ c to end.
Blames Black Sheep of His
Flock for' Shower of Mud
Thrown by a Local Paper
Visitors to California Sec
tion Attracted by Struc
ture Designed by Weilbye
PLANS VIGOROUS FIGHT
Members of Loyal Legion
Will Have Trip to Mare
Island Yard To-Morrow
TO HOLD ANNUAL OUTING
FACADE IS OF REDWOOD
Novel Idea Results in Pict
uresque Name for Exhibit
of the County of Alameda
Kcv. John HempMll of Cal
vary Presbyterian Church
Returns From Australia
General MacArthur Will
Review Uncle Sam's De
fenders at Presidio To-Day
TROOPS TO PASS
BEFORE CHIEF
SAYS TREASURY
IS NOT EMPTY
PHOTOS FORM
BOOTH'S WALLS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1904.
During Run From Pago Pago to Honolulu Fireman Frank Irvine
Is Caught in Starboard Engine and Decapitated— Passengers
and Crew Raise $IOOO for Benefit of Dead Man's Mother
VENTURA BRINGS MANY PASSENGERS
FROM HONOLULU AND THE ANTIPODES
7
APVBBTTH K M K N TaV
ffi^9|«0l I I LsC
MSSejp La ¦ ILL 5
SSGK SODA0HE
Positively cored by these
Little Pills,
They also reuere Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. . A per.
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drain 1 .
nets, Bad Taste ia the Mouth, Coated Toa^am
Piia ia the Side, TORPID 1IVER. They
Regulate the Bowel*. Purely Vegetable.
8maH Pill. email Dose.
Small Price.
a visit DR. JORDAN'S «rcat4
Jhuseub of anatomy^
\ 'QT Th« Larrest Autaaical Mmesa la the \
O _j.Jni_ w »''d- ""tan* — Mf oiincKj a
X. MPnV *»•»• T
0 SeJS\ S9 * a " Ut ** *• Cot "- «*t.j*,e»»* 9
1 -f EC fi n ' M»DAM-O«SIASIS OF MEN A
\ 1 n&&m C~Mlt«tos fre. i« M«h pdntt \
§ 1 1#« fl T "* mral r*noa*:\j «r br Vnit. a A
M vaM fwiiH Cmn ia r»«ry c«« niid«n»««. V
Art lift Wrrt! fer J.-.M. r«II.OiepaT*f j
W " M p BiRRMSe, MAILSA Vltl. (AT
\ R jL »«iu«bl« bMk fw mtrm) \
V DS.JOBDA5AiO.!H1 M»rk«t St.. 9. t. Q
rj-cv^v5^^a^*^^^^*'^^^-^s^*^^».o
I MERCHANT TAILORS. '
': 622 Market Street. ;
!; Up Stairs. Opp. Palace Hotel, j
j: -:¦; san francisco. j
i Novelties fav Imfiorted _ Wear^ J
• STATEMENT
OF THB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS. •
or thb
Northwestern Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OK MILWAUKEE. IN THE STATE OB*
Wisconsin, on the 31st day of Decemb*.-.
A. D., 1300. and for the year endin* on that
day; made to the Innuranpe Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements of Section 613 of tbo Political
Code of said State.
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock paid np~
In Cash
ASSETS.
Net Talue of Real Estate Owned
by the Company 13.611.897 42
Amount of Loans secured by
Pond and Mortgage on Real
Estate 35,713.817 07
Premium notes and loans In any
form taken in payment of
premiums on policies now In
force 81Z311 B*
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by the
Company 67.468,332 43
Amount of Ca«h on hand in
Company's Office 209.436 73
Amount of Cash deposited In
Banks 2.238,383 K>
Interest due the Company and
unpaid 91.202 39
Interest accrued but cot due.... 2.493.469 4%
Net amount of premiums In pro-
cess of collection, and of de-
ferred premiums 2.23Z.733 32
Leans made to policy holders as-
signed as collateral 13.731.233 0O
Rents due and ac trued 31.038 S3
Total AsseU $118.200.623 20
LIABILITIES. ~"
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and .._«__._
unpaid I10T.083 12
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In process
of adjustment, or adjusted
but not due M "'I*H "
Claims resisted by the Company 40.900 00
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed
according; to the Combined
Exj>enence Tables of Mortal-
ity, with fou. per cent In-
terest « 143.833.884 W
Amount of all unpaid dividend*
to policy holders 2.30S.823 09
Tontine Surplus payable to policy
holders 23.679,360 74
All other Liabilities 711.697 73
Total Liabilities I172.B83.861 30
INCOWE. ~~ ~~~~
Cash received for premiums on
new policies during; the _• .
year J3.C8.934 60
Cash received for renewal of
premiums during: the year.. 22.32S.714 tl
Cash received for Interest 7,010.017 44
Cash received for rents 434.731 4S
Cash received from all other
sources 234.S73 14
Total income 133.833.273 «9
. EXPENDITURES.
Cash, paid for losses and ma-
tured endowments 18,132.547 S>
Cash paid to annuitants 43,383 20
Cash paid for surrendered
policies 2.490.634 63
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders 4.456.172 C4
Commissions paid to agents ... 2.K7.742 60
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, ex-
cept agents and medical ex-
aminers 4S1.8S2 42
Salaries and traveling expense*
of managers of agencies .... 11,131 31
Medical examiners* fees and sal- .
arles 170.822 81
Cash paid for taxes flTO.BOT 19
Cash paid for rents 41,385 OO
Cash paid for comsxntlnr com-
missions 430 74
All other cash payments <«Pjet- f
fylajt) Repairs on Real
Estate, Legal Expenses. Ad-
vertising. Printing. etc.
1379 449 33; Premium notes
voided by lapse. $9,979 81;
all other payments. $1,247,-
713 28 1.638.143 90
Total Expenditures during
the ytarTT. «a.<538,343 13
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT^
Premium notes and other prem-
ium obligations at beginning
of the year $292^23 23
Premium notes and other prem-
ium obligations) received dur-
ing tne year 144,801 80
Total $438415 03
Deductions dnrtn* the year, as follows:
Amount of notes and other prem-
ium obligations used tn pay-
ment of losses and claims.. $13,248 "t
Amount of notes and other prem- >
turn obligations used In pur-
chase of surrendered policies t.S&B S3
Amount of notes and other prem-
- luxn obligations ueed In pay-
ment of dividends to policy
holders $3,208 SI
Amount of note* and other pre- »
mlum obligations voided by
lapse of policies 9.979 SI
Amount of notes and other prem-
ium obligations redeemed by -
maker In cash 33.313 10
Total reduction of Prem- -jj - r,
lum_N'ote Account $124.603 31
Balance, note assets at end of „,„_,, _.
the year » il - al1 M
WILLARD MERRILL. President.
j. vr. SKIXNER. Secretary.
Subscribed and •worn to before me. thla
S9th day of January. 1904.
P. R. SANBORN. Notary Public.
CLARENCE M. SMITH,
General Agent for California,
l!4Phelan Building,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
ADVXBTISE3EENTS.
Electro-chemistry
i
Qirickly,
Permanently,
Cheaply.
CAZXTIO IT.— There
/¦w is cn.ly one Electro-
r— S^**-^ Cheinic Institute la
y/^^Jrt^S Caliiornla. Owing-
!^rt-S3 to tne mtrrelous
I yl'iirsM^Zfyy. snecess of Electro-
/ *v^ Jt^ft^tW Chemistry there are
/ \\ Ktillill c i Vii ' e a number of
\<*Vf5^iiil phyciclanj who are
\>^3WBJiyli tr yiEe to imitate
J\$&]ff^v* tills vronderXnl new
liSKr"' treatznesxt a&d pa-
tients are warned
apaiast these deceptions. It Is no more
expensive for any sufferer to ret the
crislaal a&d successful Electro-Cheialc
treatment, and those who are tired of '
swallowiar stroar and poiioaous drujri
which do net cure them, ana those who
have used indifferent electrical treat-
ments without results, can. be quickly.
permanently and cheaply cured by the
Electro-Chemic Institute. 118 Grant Ave..
cor. Post St.. San Francisco.
EIiECT'KO-CHEMIC SPECIALTIES.
The following diseases are treated by
Electro-Chemistry and in every one the
curative results b«j?in from the very
Ftart of the treatment. The patient 1*
not compelled to wait for weeks and
months for signs of improvement, but
from the start the pood results are
noticeable, and the cures are thorouch
and permanent and are accomplished
very quickly. One Electro-Chemic treat-
ment will very often produce better re-
sults than we<=ks of drugging. Any one
Fufterine from any of the following
diseases is advised to call upon us, at
once for free examination. An honest
opinion is always urlvpn to each sufferer
and the patient is told exactly what can
be done in each case submitted. Incur-
able cases are not accepted except when
the life of the patient can be prolonged
or the Bufferings lessened.
Elecf ro=Chemistry Cares
Cancers. Tumors, Old TTlcers, Eczema.
Shenmstism. xreuralgla, Locomotor
Ataxia, Paralysis, Deafness, Read Noises,
Znsom&ia, Goitre, Britrht's Disease, Dla-
hetes. Dyspepsia. Files. All Diseases of
the Stomach. Liver. Kidneys. Bladder
and Bowels, all Kerrooi Diseases and all
Special Diseases of Men and 'Women.
w^« w-^ w-^ w-^ CONSCIVrATION',
1-4 1^ |-< l-< EXAMIXATIOX
1 l\l-*l-< and TREATMENT
ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
118 Grant Are., Cor. Post St.,
sax rsjurexsco.
Office hourK — V a. xn. to & p. m.' and 7 te 8
m. m. daily; Eunda}-s. 10 a. tn. to 1 p. m.
Separate apartments for ladies and gentlemen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S^ocket]
fl t/J If&^ftri Is my price.
/ \ yJi .frjfcfl Si!: Specially cood
o( I M * v/^m valae for the
\\ fl ti I+*. money. Bladog
I.I / K — * of finest BteeL
V ' K • Handles tn
g several materials, lnclud-
K ing pearl.
! - mAXOXS that you can
I f/ depend on as low as
rr-LK »i.oo.
S»-5^' Every piece of ray Cut-
rpyW lery is high class.
f>/{ Two bars Williams' 10c
>% Shaving- Soap. 15c.
/ Razor Strops as low as
7 25C;
Kail Orders Promptly 7UI«d.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 Market Street, above Powell.
San Francisco.
4*1111, Every Woman
ft^TO&AB MARVtL Whirling bpr«y
. ?*^i.C5£^SL. tionand Snrtian. B*»t-?»f-
Nt^vCsypr^^i^K^. , , , Mt-Mmt ConTenleat.
lik year ereggM Mr M. -ML'' .,-fT j *~*^*
If hec»nnoiiupply the \\/B&5Kfv*&s
MABVICL. accept no NS^T
other, bnl send sUrap for ¦ - 1^, f^&<A~/
Illustrated book-»»»&«. ItgtTee v / w vJf
full p»rticnl»r« and rtlrr<-tlon» tn- titit I M
Talu*t)lc to Udiet MAWlVWiJUCO^Om- Ayn-.^.M ,
41 Psrk B«w, I«w Verk. V* t *^iui^
152 New Montgomery, Ban Francisco, CaJ.
William Ilatteroth (Ladles' Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union Drug Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Osgood Brothers... 7th and Broadway, Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy 119 EllisThe Moors have found occasion for great fear in the
demonstration which this Government is making over the
kidnaping of Perdicaris by the bandits of Morocco. It is
well for the world to, know that the time has passed
when a little national rascal may insult and browbeat
American citizens without conscience and then like a
little blackguard expect to escape punishment on account
of his size. If a nation is powerful enough to commit
an injury it is big enough to pay for it.
STATES AND TERRITORIES—Sub
scriber. Stockton. CaL There are at
this time forty-five States in the Union,
thirteen original and thirty-two added,
the last being Utah, added January 4.
1S95. The Territories of the Union and
the dates of their organization are: Dis
trict of Columbia. 1790, reorganized In
1791; Indian Territory. 1S34; New Mex
ico Territory. 1S30; Arizona, 1S63: Alas
ka, 1S6S; Oklahoma. 1SD0. and Hawaii.
1900. The insular possessions of the
United States are: Porto Rico, the
Philippine Islands, Guam. Tutuila.
Wako and the other smaller islands.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). S30 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala lOtX. •
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
• Xylography was first employed in
the Bervice of religion for reproducing
texts and images of the Buddha. This
was followed by the production of pub
lications such as. romances and novels,
in which the illustrations were about
on a par with those in old-time chat
books. These were followed by single
sheet prints, and by that large class
of productions which emanated from
the theater as advertisements.
Chroma-xylography originated in
Japan at the commencement of the
eighteenth century with single sheets,
printed from three blocks, black, pale
green or blue, and pale pink. A fourth
block was added In 1720, and two others
were" added about forty years later.
The art was brought to perfection be
tween 1765 and 1785 in the single sheet
The Chinese exercised the art of
printing centuries before it was known
in Europe, and this applies also to il
lustrations by means of engraved
blocks. When the Japanese adopted it
frt>m them is not certain, but engrav
ings are extant which date from the
thirteenth century.
Japanese Prints.
AGAIN the agriculturists of the University of Cali
fornia are to the fore with an experiment looking
toward the establishment of a new industry in
the State. Professor Arnold V. Steubenrauch has se
cured from the Sahara -Desert a consignment of 140
shoots of the date palm of commerce, which, under his
careful supervision, will be planted and tenderly cared for
in the land obtained for the purpose at Mecca, Riverside
County. If the' desert trees fulfill in any measure the
hopes of the college scientists additional plantations are
to be made and California will be the future date market
for the United States.
The experiment that is being inaugurated by the pro
fessors over at Berkeley is not a novelty in the records
of California horticulture. Previous experiments made
by private individuals have been productive of only in
different results. In several places throughout the desert
region of Riverside and Los Angeles counties adventur
ous fruitraisers have planted the tender green shoots
and too often watched them wither into premature decay
or shoot up in barren leafage.
When the agricultural experts take hold of the project
we may be sanguine of happier results. An agricultural
DATES FROM OUR DESERTS.
MORTAR— F. R. D., City. If com
mon mortar is protected from the air
\\ will remain without hardening for
many years. It Is stated that lime,
still in condition of a hydrate, was
found in the pyramids of Egypt- When
the ruins of the old castle of Lands
berg were removed, a lime pit that
must have been in existence three
hundred years was found in one of the
vaults. The surface was carbonated
to the depth of a few inches, but the
lime below this was as fresh as if just
slacked and was used in the laying of
the foundation of the new building.
The Board of Education, encouraged by the suggestion
and active support of local educators, is agitating the
wisdom of allotting io per cent of municipal taxes to the
public schools, the change thus indicated to. be secured
by charter amendment. Such a plan has been found ad
mirable in connection with the State University and cer
tainly recommends itself as of advantage to the schools
of this city.
forts," which is so English an expres
sion that the Italians have no equiva
lent and use the foreign words. One
mounts a broad stairway to a turn
adorned with marbles and flowering
plants. From here one passes into an
ante-room and from there into the
drawing-room, out of which opens Ma
dame Ristori's sanctum.
The sanctum is the most interesting
room In the house. It is email and
comfortably carpeted and furnished.
The walls are hung with all kinds of
old-fashioned pictures of the actress
in various roles and as a young wife
and mother, and even as a child.
There are many portraits', too, of celeb
rities and royalties, who have person
ally presented their photographs. By
the window, well in the light, stands
the famous woman's desk, scattered
over with elegant trifles in silver, let
ters and papers, 'and adorned by la/ge
photographs of Queen Margharlta and
Queen Elena, with dedications in their
hand writing. Here the aged actress
Bits, meditating, reading and writing.
The daily life of the celebrated acr
tress is simple in the extreme. She
rises somewhat late, after a cup of
coffee in bed and, if the day is fine,
goes for. a drive In a closed carriage,
together with Donna Bianca. She re
turns after an hour or two, has her
grandchildren in to amuse her and
about noon they all have lunch to
gether, the children making this the
most cheerful hour of the day for their
grandmother. After lunch she ; rests
and usually does not go out again. She
often has some one read to her while
she sits, sometimes knitting, sometimes
dreaming. In the evening she seldom
goes out, except to the theater, and
there she Is often to be seen, especially
on first nights. She made a special ef
fort when King Edward was. in Rome
and went to the English embassy on
purpose to be presented to his Majesty,
whope father had been one of her most
fervent admirers, and who had pre
sented her with a souvenir.
ISABELLA COCHRANE.
GRAMOPHONE —Subscriber, City.
There Is no law that this department
has been able to discover that will
prevent an individual from "playing"
a gramophone in hl3 own horna later
than 10 o'clock at night, even though
the windows are open. But there Is
a law that prevents any one from pro
ducing any noise that will have a ten
dency to disturb the rest of the people
in the neighborhood. You might "play"
your gramophone at late and unusual
hours of the night and if such "play
ing" became a nuisance you would be
held responsible In law.
(ADELAIDE RISTORI,- THE RE
TIRED ITALIAN ACTRESS. AND
MEMBERS OF HER HOUSEHOLD.
Convincing.
How nearly akin are tragedy and
its opposite extreme, the ludicrous, is
not better demonstrated than in the
unconscious humor which is be
ing daily disseminated by an
aged cripple on Market street.
She is an old woman, bent
and twisted with the weight of years
and of sickness — it is charity, indeed,
to believe this much at least. She crawls
along the sidewalk with a peculiarly
appealing half hitch and double
schuffle, accompanied by groans and
much twisting of the mouth. Two
canes tump-tump the signal of her
coming to the ears of the throng.
Truly she is a tragic ruin. But to
make assurance doubly sure she has
hung about her neck by a white,
cotton string a piece of shoe box upon
which is scrawled this legend:
F AM PARALYSIS.
Answers to Queries.
r-r*\ HE conference at Lake Mohonk on international
I arbitration is intended to define and prepare the
-*• American position that will be urged upon the in
ternational conference at St. Louis. That position will
favor arbitration treaties between all countries, with a
view to progressive disarmament.
It is believec 1 that this country has now reached such
a position among the powers of the world that its choice
and advice in the matter will influence them all. This re
sult is directly aided by the warnings sounded by cer
tain French and German publicists against what they
call the ambitious designs of the United States. If their
governments believe the alarm to be well grounded,
and that we are a power to be reckoned with, they will
be all the more ready to. attend a greater conference
than The Hague, in which the work that followed the
Czar's call will receive its necessary supplement.
While it cannot be admitted that the analogy between
the disputes of nations and the disputes of individuals
is complete, yet the parity is sufficient to justify the in
stitution of just and lawful methods -for the settlement
of most of the international disputes' Individuals form
erly settled all differences by personal combat N In those
days the physically weak had no rights because they
could not defend them. When a system of jurisprudence
arose and law and justice were judicially enforced, the
strong and weak were equalized, and the weak were
panoplied with protection for their rights. Observation
compels the admission that a large part of the causes of
war between nations can be subjected to ' the same
process by arbitration, £nd war will thereafter have its
principal excuse only in the refusal of the loser to abide
by the" judgment.
As there is no higher judicial tribunal than the arbi
tral court, the only appeal from it will be to arms. Un
less the appellant nation have a very strong case the
world's sympathy will be denied it. We incline to the
opinion that the Mohonk plan, if carried out, will elimi
nate war as far as that desirable result can be obtained. :
THE WORLD'S PEACE.
the times and judge plays and actors
according to modern standards, and so
it is that when any new actress or
play comes to Rome the eyes of all her
loyal subjects are turned at once to
Iiistori aod her pronouncements are
accepted as law. I was especially in
terested the other evening to see her
occupy her usual box close to the stage
tTid listening with absorbed attention
to Gabriel d'Annunzio's new tragedy,
"The Daughter of Jario," to which she
gave hearty applause. When one thinks
cf the long life of this celebrated ac
tress, whoee boast it was at the height
of her fame that she had visited every
country in the world which had a
theater, the Italian contention that she
is the most wonderful woman living
does not seem a gross exaggeration.
She is now a little old woman, with
pronounced features, sparkling dark
eyes, and hair that is still abundant,
waving under a head-dress which she
invariably wears. Her hands, covered
with magnificent rings and with silk
mitt?, are as eloquent as ever, and as
the uses them to emphasize her mean
ing and her beautifully modulated
voice rises and falls one can realize
even now glimpses of where her
power lay in the past.
The Marchesa acceded to my request
for **a little talk, not an Interview,"
with her usual kindness, and as I sank
into a cczy chair In her sanctum
laughed at my request to know "alL"
*'I am sure you do not realize what
you are asking, '-' ehe exclaimed with a
laugh; "that means to go back the bet
ter part of eighty-three years, as my
first appearance on the stage was at
the age of three months." As I gasped
che laughed again and went on, "Yes,
eighty-three years, and you come here
and exr>ect me to tell you all about It
in five minutes!
"I have really personally felt about
every emotion, and I look back on the
different countries where I have been
according to the emotions which they
chiefly yielded to me. In Norway once
I was in deadly peril, though I knew
nothing about my danger until it was
over. " We were flying along on an ex
press when we came to so sudden a
standstill that we were thrown from
our seats. Just before the train yawned
a gulf, a bridge had been left open by
mistake and we stood on the edge,
flopped only Just in time.
"My icreatest triumphs were in Eng
land and the United States. In the lat
ter I acted in English, and then with
a German company, although I did not
understand one word they said. , It was
Intoxication pure and simple when I
hfard the thunders of applause and
my name called by thousands of people.
The Board of Supervisors is favorably considering a
proposition to limit the height of all frame buildings that
may be hereafter constructed in this city to forty-five
feet. The suggested restriction recommends itself as
admirable. San Francisco is becoming far too densely
settled to take any chances of a widespread conflagra
tion. A fire in some of our residence districts would
inflict enormous damage and bring death to many.
Burning Without Cease.
A score of the most expert mining
men In the ' anthracite region are fig
uring upon a plan by which the de
vastating fire In the Sioux Colliery of
the Lehigh Valley Coal Company at
Wilkesbarre may be quenched. It is
now spreading and threatens to con
sume several million dollars' worth of
coal owned by the Lehigh Valley and
the Susquehanna Coal companies In
the rich Shamokln basin. This weak a
score of mining superintendents and
mine Inspectors went over the ground,
examined the conditions thoroughly
and spent some time over the exten
sive maps on which the fire zoas has
been marked in its various stages
since it started a year ago. Its rapid
growth has been unusual. A year ago
a carload of hot ashes emptied on "the
dump" set it on fire, the fire communi
cated with the elope and the mine fir*
was started. — New York Sun.
seemed as easy fish for the Japanese
as the fish which had come so abund
antly to his hooks that day. "Just
let me open the bag and show you
what luck I've had," said Eaton, swell
ing with the pride that alone belongs
to the fortunate fisherman.
The wit eagerly engaged Eaton on
some foreign matter totally uncon
nected with the subject of fish and
consequently the bag was not opened.
Arriving at the ferry the pair sepa
rated with good wishes for future ex
cursions.
Eaton never felt more anxious to
arrive at his destination as on that
evening. When he did arrive he
called upon the whole household to
be witnesses to his good fortune, and
throwing his bag on a table opened it
to find not even a sucker, but instead,
and to his horror, a quantity of fish
ing tackle, two large bottles, scattered
and superfluous sandwiches, a slouch
hat and a pair of overalls.
Organist Eaton is composing a
dirge which he hopes to play at some
one's funeral in the near future.
THE RESULTS OF HIS DATS
CATCH BROUGHT SURPRISE) TO
EATON'.
5? Radium Clock.
A radium clock, which will keep
time indefinitely, has been constructed
by Harrison Martlndale of England.
The clock comprises a small tube,
in which is placed a minute quantity
of radium supported in an exhausted
glass vessel by a quartz rod. To the
lower end of the tube, which \s
Colored violet by the action of the
radium, an electroscope formed of two
long leaves or strips of silver is at
tached.
A charge of electricity In ¦which
there are no beta rays is transmitted
through the activity of the radium In
to the leaves, and the latter thereby
expand until they touch the sides of
the vessel, connected to earth by
wires, -which Instantly conduct the
electric charge, and the leaves fall to
gether.
This simple operation is repeated
incessantly every two minutes until
the radium is exhausted, which In this
Instance it Is computed "will occupy
30,000 years. — Scientific American.
m yr R. CUNLIFF-OWEN publishes in Munsey's a
J\/\ somewhat hysterical appeal to the Christian
1 Y 1. world against Japan in view of "the yellow, peril"
which will follow the defeat of Russia in the present
struggle. The writer says that "if Japan is successful
she will rot repeat the mistake which she made at the
conclusion of her war with China, when she permitted the
European powers to rob her of the fruits of her victory.
She may be trusted to take advantage of the popular sen
timent in her behalf throughout Asia to carry matters
with a high hand." f
This naive confession that Japan was robbed, as she
was, and that being put on notice now she will not be
robbed as? in, does not seem to impress Mr. Cunliff-Owen
that the best way to avert any yellow peril, real or
fancied, will be by dealing justly with the Asiatics. The
United States has -dealt justly with Japan and the result
is her assimilation of our civilization. She has our pub
lic school system and our system of jurisprudence com
plete. The common law. except as modified by statutes,
is the law of Japan and her trained jurists are the peers
of any in this country or England. Suppose that Japan
ese influence shall raise Eastern Asia to the same level?
What peril is there in it? The Western world pretended
that it was for that purpose that it broke by force the
seclusion of China.
Mr. Cunliff-Owen's final appeal against Japan. is based
upon his statement that education has not entirely de
stroyed the belief of the people in the supernatural quality
of the Mikado. If he will go a little into Russia he will
find millions of the vodka soaked and soddenly ignorant
people firmly believing in the supernatural powers of the
Great Czar. Indeed, if superstition is to be the test, the
Russians suffer, for they are the only people in these days
that believe that charms and amulets and holy images
can protect a battleship or defend a city. Japan has done
more for the rise of Asia to a modern plane than all the
missionaries and all the Western natiofis combined. Let
Asia rise, let China be enlightened, and then let us treat
them justly, and there will be no peril.
JAPAN'S POLICY.
The vagaries of the American mind are hard to fol
low and extremely difficult to understand. Creditors of
Sully, the collapsed and throneless cotton king of New
York, are seeking to make the deed to a church pew an
asset of the chaotic affairs of the great gambler. And
the public must wonder what in the name of morality
Sully wanted with a church pew or what in common
sense his creditors will do with it if it can't be ne
gotiated. **"«
Still Reigning Queen.
ROME, May U.— Think of being able
t-> go to a first night and see, sitting
calmly In a box— Adelaide Ristori!
This !s a privilege that dwellers in
Rome enjoy, for the world famous Ital
ian actress, whom monarchs once vied
with each other in honoring, has lost
i:o whit cf her interest in the stage, of
which she still is queen, and rarely
misses a premiere. Although she is
row over S3 years o!d the Marchioness
del Grillo (as Ristori is in private life)
has ha.<i ihe good sense to move with
pictures, Tori Kyonaga, Suzuki Haru
nobu and Katsugawa Shunsho.
The technique of Japanese engraving
and printing is thus described: The
picture, drawn for the engraver on thin
transparent paper of a particular kind,
is pasted face downward upon a block
of wood, usually cherry, and ths su
perfluous thickness of paper L» removed
by a process of scraping until the da
sign is clearly visible. The* borders of
the outline are then lncls*!— very light
ly in the more delicate part*— witn a
kind of knife, and the Interspaces be
tween the lines of the drawing «x»
finally excavated by means of tools of
various shapes.
The Ink Is then applied with a brash
and the printing -is effected by hand
pressure, assisted by a kind of pad, to
which procedure may ba attributed
much of the beauty of the result. Cer
tain graduations of tone, and ev«a
polychromatic effects, may bo pro
duced from a single block by suitable
application of ink or color upon the
wood; and on carefully examtnioff
these prints It is often apparent that
a great deal of artistic feeling has been
exercised In the execution of the picture
after the designer and engraver had
finished their portion of the work.
Fisherman's Luck.
Fishing is the quiet and eminently
respectable wing of sports which even
a Bishop can indulge without en
dangering his dignity and ecclesiasti
cal standing and probably that is the
reason why Louis H. Eaton, organist
at Trinity Church,' makes coquetting
with the tittlebat and flounder a spe
cial and ever recurring pleasure.
Whenever the organist can find the
time he hies himself to Tiburon and,
accompanied by a veteran boatman,
rows out toward Angel Island and
casts his lines well and temptingly
baited.
For Eaton to return to San Fran
cisco without the sign of a nsh would
be tantamount to daubing a blurring
blot on the family escutcheon.
A local wit, who is also a patient
fisherman, met Eaton recently en
route for San Francisco and in charge
of a bag weighted with the results
of a day's sport. \".^".,
The wit had not caught even a sprat.
but it occurred to him that it would
be a good joke on his friend were he
to change bags, and while Eaton was
glancing over the latest news of an
other Kuroki victory over Kuropat
kin the bags were changed. A lit
tle later Eaton, putting aside his
paper, remarked that the Russians
"My purest, unalloyed joy was in
Italy, where I man-ied. and where I
used my poor powers to further the
'cause.' that Is the liberation and unity
of my country. The supreraest com
pliment of my career came from
France, when .Napoleon III begged me
to study at the royal expense in Pari3
for a year and then take the place at
the Con:edie Francaise left vacant by
Mme. Rachel. Just think what an
honor, but I refused, as one of the con
ditions was that I should act only in
France, and— I say it with pride— Italy
needed me.
"The emotion I felt in Spain was
of another kind, pure pity and satis
faction. A poor soldier had been sen
tenced to be shot, as I thought un
justly, and through my intercession
Queen Isabella pardoned him. What
joy that was! I could have kissed the
hem of her robe so glad I was and so
carried away by the thought that a
human being was saved."
The Marchioness del Grillo is one of
the most honored women in Rome.
Her only son. Marquis Giorgio, has for
years been one of Queen Margharita's
ccntlemen-in-walting, the Queen moth
er showing the utmost deference to
his aged mother, going occasionally to
see her and always distinguishing her
by her notice whenever they are in ths
same room. Mrr.e. Ristoci has also a
daughter. Donna Bianca. who is of
quite exceptional beauty, and is her
mother's stay and comfort, accompany
ing her everywhere and scarcely losing
sight of her for a moment. Tire old
lady is a slave to three little mites.
Marquis Giorglo's children, who tyran
nize over her delightedly. They live
also In the old Del Grillo palace, and
lighten up its grray massiver.ess with
tbelr pranks and happy laughter. If
they can only play jokes on grand
manna their joy knows no bounds.
The Del Grillo palace is one of the
smaller ones of Rome and, like most of
the others. Is surrounded by small
streets, but inside the majestic rooms
have been filled with "modern com-
THE CALL has published the statement of the flood
problem made by Mr. William H. Mills of the State
Board of Trade. It is an example of the profound
study and intelligent attention given by the members of
that organization to the great i hysical problems which
effect the material weifare of the State. Whether en
gineers agree v/'th its conclusions or not, they must all
admit that it presents concisely and forcibly the elements
of the situation with which engineering science must deal.
The floods, originating at altitudes running lip to 6ooo
feet, are rapidly delivered at a common point near tide
ltvel, where their progress is barred by the tidal opposi
tion. The flood water is in effect stored at that point by
tidal influence .and must wait on slow drainage into the
vein. The ov^rfkwea region becomes a reser%oir for
these arrested waters. The problem is different from
shutting out the ocean itself as in Holland. There it is
only necessary to levee against the sea and the influence
of tide and wind, and there are no great floods delivered
briskly from high altitude on the landward side to be
guarded against. In our valley that flood water is the
greater problem of the two.
Heretofore the treatment of our floods by draining them
into such depressions as' the Yolo basin has been pro
posed in recognition of the very, difficulties so plainly
stated by Mr. Mills. But when the flood water is in such
volume as to cover the valley from the foothills of the
Coast Range to the foothills of the Sierra Nevada it all
becomes a flood basin and depressions like the Yolo basin
are simply a part of the whole expanse.
For the purposes of treatment the flood waters that
come down the Sierra Nevada only may be considered.
If these are taken care of and held back from their pres
ent zero or meeting of the influence of the tides the
Coast Range water will not cause any appreciable dam
age. Therefore, we have to consider the control of that
world of water that falls upon the great range and runs
down its sides like rain off a roof. If that water can be
intercepted on the slope of the roof and kept from reach
ing the eaves there will be no floods in the valley, and the
zero point will be lifted to the new point of interception.
The floods of the McCloud, Pitt, Feather, Yuba, Bear
and American rivers, if diverted or arrested before
they reach the Sacramento, will not overtax the drainage
capacity of the lower reaches of that main stream where
it meets the obstructive effect of the tides. A grand
canal, beginning at an altitude sufficient for the purpose,
would intercept the floods, carry the water along the
foothills and distribute it to a system of reservoirs in
which it could be held for gradual discharge through the
season. These reservoirs would store water for irriga
tion and for power. If the diversion be at a point high
enough that water could even be carried in great pipes
or by open and elevated flumes to the west side of the
San Joaquin to bring into cultivation great areas that are
now uncertain in their yield for lack of irrigation.
Perhaps such a canal and reservoir system would have
to have the aggregate capacity of all the rivers it would
intercept.' The cost would be great. But if it be the only
means to effectively control the floods there is no choice
between its adoption and the wasteful expenditure of al
most equally great sums on plans made ineffective by the
very nature of the problem.
The great value of Mr. Mills' discussion of the ques
tion is its clear presentation of the confluence of all the
rivers in one great river, beginning at Suisun Bay and
emptying into the ocean at the Golden Gate. As he puts
it forcibly, the many plans centered on the lower reaches
of the Sacramento mean the fallacy that a river may be
relieved by delivering its flood current into its own chan
nel. The tide level of Suisun Bay cannot be changed by
any such process. We must go farther tap stream in
search of a remedy, which must be found in keeping the
great floods out of the river entirely. Those floods come
down the mountains at right angles to the general course
of the river. If they can be intercepted and carried in a
waterway parallel with the river and drawn off and
stored the solution is complete.
The ancient river system, tljat existed before the moun
tain upraise, was such that the stream ran generally
north and south. Gravel mining has revealed the beds of
those ancient rivers. When the mountain chain was
raised the direction of the line of drainage changed and
the new water courses cut the old approximately at right
angles. If it be within the capacity of engineering
science and within the power of any available sum of
money to make a new river following the general course
of the ancient streams to intercept the existing rivers 'he
relief sought will be attained.
When we sec the Chicago River upset and instead of
running into Lake Michigan made to run out of it, and
when we consider the diverting works that are to carry
the waters of the Truckee over into the .sink of the Car
son, and the not less significant diversion of the water of
the Tuolumne into the grand canals of the Modesto and
Turlock districts, and of the Merced into Lake Yosemitc,
it cannot be said that this proposed interception of the
floods of the Sacramento is impossible.
bulletin upon the possibilities of date culture in Califor
nia issued from the State experiment station at Berkeley
some time ago finds that the soil conditions and atmos
pheric influences of the Colorado desert are all that the
most finical Sahara date palm could demand. Patience
and careful study seem to be. the only requisites for
successful growing. When we remember the years of
fruitless endeavor and the frittering away of fortunes
which preceded the discovery of the little insect that
made our Smyrna fig the golden fruit it now is, we will
not be too ready to abandon«the date if it show a shy
contrariness at the outset.
It would seem ,that the establishment of the date as a
fruit for export will add the capstone to California's rec
ord as a State of wonders. When we shall find within
our limits the fruit of the snow lands and the fruit of the
desert, Lebanon cedars and dates of Joppa, we may in
deed say with the prophet that verily this is the land
wherein "the mountains' 1 shall drop new wine and the
hills shall flow with milk."
THE RIVER PROBLEM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D/ SPRECKELS, Proprietor «««»... «,, Address All Commanfcatlons to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Offlce . - .^TT • • • Thlrd and Market Streets. S. F.
I TUESDAY *• ..:..-:.. JUNE 7, w'
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESSATS COURT WAS DECEIVED.— R. p
Mogan, attorney for the heirs of Frank Mer
rill, yesterday petitioned the Superior Court
for an order setting aside a confirmation of
the sale of the personal property of the de
ceased. He claims the court was deceived.
Vice Admiral. Togo ha$ been promoted
to the highest rank in .the Japanese
navy as a reward for his great services
during the present war. Buy a gas range
from San Francisco Gas & Electric Co. •
Hayes, Kura Jacobs, Frank McAullffe, Elsie
Marie Muller, Ludwlg Mlchels, Edward J.
Rellly.
neccna year— Liny Keilce Alblnl. Betsey
Berr. Arthur Lewis, Mary M. L«wkowlt>, Hat
tie Mucha, Belby R. HnlMlpe, William Alexan
der Sullivan. Lona Wrurnt.
The exercises closed with dancing.
BOND ISSUE CASE SUBMITTED. — The
cane of Law vs. City and County of Ban Fran
cisco. Instituted by Dr.- Law to determine the
validity of the proposed municipal bond issue
of approximately $18,000,000, was submitted to
the Supreme Court yesterday. The City and
County Attorney and the plaintiff's legal repre
sentatives intended to make oral arguments,
but it was finally agreed to submit the matter
en briefs. The case was advanced on the
court. calendar and a decision may be expected
In the course of three or four montha
Renorraphy rourse, first year — Julia Berg,
J*enne Louire Delsrscaux, Dcra Gllchrlst, Wl|.
liam P. Golden. Frederick Griebnow, Allan
Second v*ar — Louts M. Applariu*. John D.
Connolly, William Hackmcier, Charles Johann
een.
Commercial department, bookkeeping course.
firtit year — Sally Davis. Jowph Dunn. Doris
Kaplan, Henry V. Marlln. David D. MIchaeL,
Henry MlfSiael. Walter Newbauer, Daniel
Ktein, Edward Schoft.
Th»», sixty-one graduates who re»
reiredj diplomas for the completion of
the practical courses of the night
school were as follows:
N!r.O) rrade — Edgar Bailey. Alfred Borchar<1,
Lt'r roetello, Eua-iie Florlntlne. John Gaff
v.-y. Ifabel Goldberg. Mabel Goldstein. Herman
Goldstein, William Grant. Walter Griffin. Vln
rent Hardrman. Andrew Himmelmann, Walter
Jacob*. &adie Kaplan, Jarlc Ka-k> i, Frank Me-
Kcnxfc John Mehegan. Frederick Menz, Emil
Mtchele. Hugo MichHs, William Peck. Pet»r
K'»i<*i. David Hhef. Che.«t»T Strowhrldge. Joseph
l'ngpr. Albert Wollenberg, Earl Woolley, Delia
Wonerllch, Adolph Zimmerman.
Superintendent Langdon then
awarded the Bridge and Denman
medals to the students having the
highest rank in the cla.«!s. The wln»
ners were Vincent V. Hardeman and
Uisa Mabel Goldberg respectively.
Golden Gate Hall was packed to the
doors last evening with friends of the
graduating class of the Hamilton
evening school, of which Professor
L-oui8 de F. Bartlett is principal. The
hall was handsomely decorated with
flowers, :!ags and greenery. The exer
cises were conducted by William H.
Langdon, Superintendent of Schools.
The programme opened with a song
by A. A- McCurda, Deputy Superin
tendent of Schools, after which School
Commissioner Cecil W. Mark and
Deputy Superintendent Heaton deliv
ered brief addresses of encouragement
and counsel to the young men and
women about to receive their diplo
mas. A spirited debate followed, the
subject being: "Resolved that the
United States Senators should be»
elected by direct vote of the peo-
I>le." The affirmative was maintained
by Vincent V. Hardeman and Arthur
I,ewis. the negative by Frederick Menz
and Vance P. Edwards. The Judges
of the debate were Thomas B. Leland,
II. U. Brandenstein and I. P. Xieto.
•Supervisor Brandenstein. in a brief
speech highly praising the young ora
tors, announced that the Judges found
that the speakers for the negative had
argued the more ably and were en
titled to the award.
on Completion of Studies.
Sixty-One Yonths Receive Diplomas
HAMILTON* NIGHT SCHOOL.
Tin Board of Education will do Its best with
tfce funds that are allowed, but with yearly
Incresrlng demands upon It, and the ol.l build
ings unrepaired. It can barely get along. Im
portant repairs and Improvements must be
made at all cost, and If this boord must run
short cf funds* through the b!ln'ln<rfa of «omo
of the Supervisors It might be com
pelled as a last resort to close t*ic fchoola for
a time In order to save the monay needed for
these urgent repairs. The members of ihe
Board of Education assumed th-Mr duties with
a fixed determination to dedicate every effort
to the in-lifting of the conditions of the
teachers and other employes o: the depart
ment, as well as of the children, and suitable
buildings and rooms and sanitary condition*
for the rhl'dren are a part of thai determlni
tlon. Respectfully submitted,
ALFRED RONOOVirrU.
President Board of Education.
To resume, the Board of Kducatlon petitions
that at least as much as was allowed last year
be a iraln allowed this year, to wit: .00(13 cents
out of the $1 limit. This would allow over $440.
000. and would be a great help toward placing
the old buildings in a s'anltary condition. If
the Supervisors could allow us .0963 cents out
of the $1 limit last year, how much easier
can they allow it this year on an Increased
valuation of $43,000,000.
In order to avoid a repetition of this per
petual controversy I respectfully suggest that
a charter amendment be submitted to a vote of
the people, providing for a fixed tax of 12 cents
annually for the support of the schools, the
same as Is now done for the park and for tho
public library, by providing a special tax an
nually. If a special tax of 7 cents can be
provided for the people's pleasure around why
should not a tax of 12 cents be provided for
the maintenance of their schools? The schools
reach at least as far In their scope as does
the park.
The buildings devoted to the cause of public
instruction In this city are a dlrgrace to a
metropolitan city. Our department has re
peatedly called attention to the cataitrophles
liable to occur through the coiUnu*d t »e of
buildings for public school purpows wilrh arc
absolutely unfit and unsafe. Such a condition
of affairs would not, I am sure, be permitted
to continue for an hour In any other city.
The canltary conditions of many of ou- schcols
are in violation of every hygienic law. and
our duty is Imperative that they shouM be re
stored to a condition where the health of our
children shall not be under constant menace
FOR A SPECIAL TAX.
So that If the appropriation made by the
Finance Committee is not changed the Board
of Education will have $135,000 less than actu
ally needed for legitimate school purposes, or
only $1,22^,000 — a sum totally Inadequate to
carry on the department during the next fiscal
year.
They have Included In their appropriation
of $1,361 000: $7000 for playground;- $20,000
for light' and water: $108,000 which they
know will not exist at the end of this fiscal
year — a total of $135,000 not available for
school ptirpoee« durftig next fiscal year.
The policy of the Finance Commute*. It
would seem, has be«n to make It appear that
the appropriation for school purposes Is large,
when In reality the amount which Is left after
the fictitious sums have been deducted Is
barely sufficient to keep the department going
even In the lamest way and leaving children
In poorly ventilated and unsanitary rented
rooms.
In recent years the annual expenditure of
nearly $20,000 for light and water and $7000
for the playground have been saddled on the
School Department. Our appropriation is
further fictitiously swelled by these amounts,
which should be appropriated by the Super
visors separately and apart from the school
funds, as Is done with the public buildings of
other departments. In former years the Board
of Supervisors Included In their annual adver
tisement for water and gas to be furnished
the municipality, the requirements of the
Board of Education in those commodities. The
Board of Education recommended that this
same system be again pursued in order that a
uniform rate for all municipal buildings be
secured, as the rates charged by the gas and
water companies have heretofore been much
hlrher for the School Department than for
those obtained by the Supervisors for other
municipal buildings. This would be a saving
to the taxpayers, but our recommendation has
been disregarded in this matter as in every
thine else.
It will thus be seen that the members of
the Hoard of Supervisors who have voted in
lavor of the . budget aa submitted by the
Finance Committee have erred In assuming
that this sum of $108,000 will be on hand
after July 1 and I believe I have conclusively
shown to your Honor and to all fair-minded
men that there will not be a surplus of $103,-
OOO or any other sum to the credit of the
School Department after July 1, 1904, and
that tbe Finance Committee has allowed in
reality $108,000 less than they pretend. The
contention of the Board of Education In this
v/hole matter is not only that tbe Supervisors
have no precedent to pursue In carrying over
?108,OUO of a supposed surplus, even if it did
exist, but also that they have not the slightest
shadow of moral, legal or equitable tight In
support of an arbitrary and unwarranted dec
laration of a surplus which does not and will
not exist. No attention whatever has been
paid by the Finance Committee to our petition
to provide funds to install for the safety of the
children an electric flre alarm system in each
public schoolhouEe, said system to be Installed
by the Department of Electricity. Section
1S90 of school law of California maketr it
mandatory "that the Board of Education
must provide suitable fire escapes for each
school building two or more stories in height
undei* their Jurisdiction." Should a tragedy
occur in any of our overcrowded schools such
as was recently enacted at the Iroquola Thea
ter nre In Chicago, the condemnation and ex
ecration of all the world would fall not on
the Board of Education, but on those Super
visors who neglect to provide for these neces
sities.
FIRST IN 1MPOKTAXCE.
And of all the permanent Improvements so
noisily trumpeted by this Finance Committee
as having been provided for in their budfc-et
which of them dues not drop to Insignificance
when compared with the repairs and perm
anent Improvements so absolutely required for
the preservation of the health and. as I have
said, even the lives of the children?
The apparent Increase of the appropriation
over that of last year has been carefully pre
pared by the Finance Committee to appear
like an increase, but in reality veils their
programme covertly to assail and weaken thu
School Department. The apparent appropria
tion made by the Finance Committee is $1,301,
000, made up as follows:
From the State (estimated) $873,000
Rents (Lincoln School lots, etc.) S8,C(X)
State school moneys now standing to
the credit of this fiscal year arbi
trarily and without precedent car
ried forward Into next fiscal year
by the Finance Committee of the
Supervisors on May 28 (more than
one month before the close of the
fiscal year) against the earnest pro
test of the Board of Education and
notwithstanding that the Board of
Education lia» already expended a
large part of it and hag entered
Into actual contract for the balance 103,000
Municipal taxes (.OCSS cents out of
¥1 limit) 320,000
Total $1,301,000
Ostensibly the members of the Finance Corns
mlttee have made an allowance of $1,361,000,
but with full knowledge of conditions they
have included In this amount the sum of $108,
000 which they full well know will not be on
hand at the close of this fiscal year, notice
having been given to them that the following
vums have been either contracted for or al
ready expended:
State high school tax received last January
and already expended, $19,000.
Option to purchase lot to enlarge and Im
prove Noe Valley School playground, $3000.
Contract through Board of Public Works for
sheds fences and bitumlnlzlng yards of Noe
Valley School, already paid, $3900.
Additional cost of census owing to Increased
requirements of State. $2000. :
Contract already paid through Board of !
Public Works for repairs to foundation of |
Whlttier School, $575. |
Bills for portable schoolhouses, materials i
and supplies, contracted and payable only out I
of funds of this fiscal year, $30,000. j
Contracts through Board of Public Works |
for tire escapes, new foundations and addi- '
tions to Dudley Btone School, Richmond School j
and Lowell High School. $33,000.
Total expended or contracted for at this I
time (May 2S). S92.375. I
The Board of Education must purchase and i
equip fifteen portable schoolhouses in order
to give up as many poorly ventilated and un
sanitary rented rooms for which the School
Department is paying over $100 per month in
rents at a cost of $15,000.
Total, J107.375.
SUL.PLUS A FICTION.
At the end of the programme Very
Rev. Father Prendergast conferred
praduation honors upon Misses Mary
Kitzperald, Irene Madden, Jennie
Buckley and Lillian Molloy. In ad
dressing the class he spoke briefly of
the high character of Sacred Heart
School and expressed the hope that
the graduates in their new sphere
would attain the same successes that
they had ss pupils Following is the
programme:
"Beautiful Dove cf raradise," aacred
chorus; ••Erna»i." three pianos <nrunner).
Misses L Mo'.loy M Woodmansee. M. 'W'ln
*lum\ E. I>uggan.'j. Pmith. K. Cribbln; '\Siar
of Twilight." arranged for violins, mandolin*,
inanns, orcan and flute; "The Storm." three
; ..-.:. «- (Kunke!). M:«s<£ J. Iluckley, M. Fltz
t-frald. II. Keenan, L.. Molloy. M. Woodman
f*«. M. Wtnslow: castanet drill — Selections,
three planoc livelier). «a) "The Wearin" o" the
Uroen." <b) "My Old Kentucky Home."
Operetta— "Who Shall Be Queen?": Argu
ment — The Flowers meet in a secluded dell in
the *nre«l to choose their Queen. A person
diBPontentwJ with the world seek* in the same
plac* retirement from its care» and dl*ai>
j.cir.tments. The Flowers tell of love and duty
and the Ilecluse — learning that to fill well the
station allotted by Providence is to be happy —
p solves to return a^ain to usefulness auJ
c.mtT.traer.t among his ft-llow-crvaturm. Per
sonifications: Recluse, Mifs N. Sandy : Rose,
Vis* M. Fltzeerald: Tulip, Mlfs I. Madden;
Azalea Ifiaa J. Buckley; Orchid, V.:.-s 1.
Molloy: Lily. Ml5s I. Hrlcht; Hydrangea. Mi*»
M. Gallagher; Oleander. Mis* M. Woodman-tee;
L.ilac Purple, Mies M. Newman: Fuchsia. Miss
E. O'Hair; Alyflum. Mli=s M. Healy; Dand?
li^n. Mi** G. Trainor; Forcet-Me-Not. Mlts
I>. Ebner: Violet, Miss O. Grecian;
M:f.« R. Norton; I,i!ae White. Mins J. Smith:
r>«hlla Mifs A. Lowncy: Wistaria. Miss E.
Conway; Iri«. Mi** M. Keilly; Pan?y. Miss
K. Geary; Hoiieyflower. Hiss M. Winslow;
Poppy, M:bs ii. Sullivan; Carnation. MiM A.
I'Kiran: Dairy. Miss T. McKenr-a: Snowball.
MJks 1.. Cull; Chrysanthemum. Mirs L. Dona
hut; Lily of the Valley, Mist J. Spllline;
Aster. Miss B. Owt.s; Geranium. Ml«s K.
«>tbber.: Morales: Glory. Mifs I. Madden; But
tercup. Mirs L. McLaujrhlln; Pweet Pea. Miss
T. Bond: Oramti' Ulcssom. Miss I. Carlson;
Ct-thlrlem Star, Miss A Foley. AcrompanlsTs
— Pian". "'•** A. Duircan: violins, Miwes N'.
Qulnn an>1 P. P«Mrn: fltit*. Mlf» A. Otter.
"When Knighthood Was In Bloom" (Gustin).
arranged fcr places, violins, mandolins, organ
and f.ute.
"United States," »olo and chorus.
Greduation honor* conferred on Miss Mary
ImHria FitzjrpralJ. MIes Irene Bernardette
Madden. Miss Jennie Leander Buckley, Mits
|JIH " Afmes Molloy.
Certiflcat*-* for completing the grammar
ecunw to M's#e^ Nellie Quinn, Terwi McKen
r.s. Ethel O'Hair, llargar»-t Nem-man. Ruby
Norton. Grate Grecnan. Loretta Cull. Loretta
Donahue. Annie McCarthy. Clara O'Ueilly. Lo-
TTtta McCIoskey, Margaret Bravender, Katie
<*asey. Josephine Fmlth, Nellie Heaiy. Mary
Urosnan Mi>ry Bravnder. Josephine gplllane.
Seven. Grace Trainor; nine, Eileen £>uggan;
ten, Lcretta Etcer.
Essays of the graduates were read
on June 1 as follows:
•The Bards cf Erin." Miss Mary I. Fitt
perald: "Onward and Cpward." Miss Irene B.
Maflden: "Chivalry In the Middle Ages." Miss
Jennie L. Buckley; "The Historical Novel."
Miss Lillian A. Molloy.
The pupils of Sacred Heart Presen
tation Convent school gave an un
usually meritorious exhibition of mu
sical and histrionic talent at the com
mencement exercises held yesterday in
the hall of the institution, corner of
Taylor and Ellis streets. The assem
bly room was crowded to the doors
and from first to last of the entertain
ment those in attendance manifested
their genuine pleasure. Several in
strumental number?, a Castanet drill
«nd an operetta made up the pro
gramme, in the rendition of which not
only was perfect training exhibited.
l>ut It was apparent that the school is
Messed with musicians and singers of
more than ordinary- ability.
(lover Operetta Pleases Big
( rowd — Honors Conferred
by Father Preiidergast
in children, for the rrpalr» and permanent
improvements so necessary for the health, aye.
In many cases the very lives of the children.
It matters not to this Finance Committee,
however, what the Increased revenue of the
city may be. Their evident purpose Is to hold
the School Department In a state of stagnation
as far as their power may accomplish this,
allowing not one cent for the natural increase
Whenever I have spoken with members of
the Finance Committee regarding tbe*e and
other great necessities of the School Depart
ment I have always been mPt with (treat
protestations of friendliness for the School
Department, but beyond these empty words
naught ever comes from them. Their stock
excuse has always been that the one dollar
limit does not provide a sufficient revenue to
run all the departments of the city govern
ment and at the same time allow any money
for rehabilitating the old buildings. The
slightest examination of facts will show that
this is net true. Last year .0003 cents out
of the one dollar limit of taxation was al
lowed for the school department, producing a
revenue of $405,000 of municipal cash. This
year in the face of an Increased assessment
roll of $43,000,000 the same Finance Committee
has the hardihood to reduce our pro rata of
the one dollar limit to .OB8S cents, which will
produce a revenue of only $320,000 of municipal
cash; or $S5,000 less than last year, and that,
too. In face of the annually expanding needs
of the department and its Increased enroll
ment of pupils. Tbe State, on the contrary,
has Increased her- appropriation and does so
annually, not because she loves us any more
than she does other counties, but because the
number of children Is increasing annually and
the census of children of school age this year
will reach over 95,000, as against 91,000 last
year.
. The appropriation from the State Is made
en a basis of $9 per year for each child of
school age. and she Is doing her duty by
allowing enough money, on tbe basis of the
Increase In the number of children. The
Finance Committee in their budget allow ab
i<olutelr nothing of city taxes toward this
Increase, but on the Contrary they allow this
department IS5.000 less than they did last
year; In other words their programme for
the pact few years has been -a see-saw propo
sition, with the appropriation of municipal
moneys on the lower end, allowing of muni
pal cash in an Inverse ratio from the 8tate
to as to keep the appropriation of the School
Department practically statuary, notwith
standing the natural Increase of children and
the expense of educating them and notwith
standing the deterioration of buildings and
furniture from continuWuse.
The Board of Education receives the blame
for not Improving these conditions when the
blame should fall properly upon those who de
liberately refuse to furnish the means to bet
ter them, namely, the majority of the Board
of Supervisors. • • • In the face of the
fact that the present defective plumbing and
unsanitary toilet systems have been condemned
by the health authorities, and that a full and
detailed report of these conditions has been
made year after year to this same Finance
Committee of the Board of Supervisors, their
Indifference and heedlessness of the children of
the people of San Francisco are little short of
criminal.
The dilapidated buildings that need repairing
are legacies of the past, monuments to the
stupidity or lack of foresight of those who
have neglected to provide funds to keep them
in condition. The cost of painting, repairing
and placing sJI the old buildings and toilet
systems in good condition has been carefully
estimated after six months' time spent on the
work by Civil Sen-ice Inspector of School
Buildings J. McSheehy, and will be nearly
$200,000.
The Is«ue on thl« question of urgent repairs
and Improvement* to old buildings must be
met some time, and we propose to meet it now.
These buildings are not Improving with age.
Each year for the last three years the atten
tion of this same Finance Committee has been
called to the disgraceful condition of some of
our buildings and to the defective toilet and
plumbing systems, condemned by the Board
cf Health as dangerous to the lives of the
children, always receiving the same answer,
"We will do all we can for the School Depart
ment in our next appropriation."
LEGACIES OF THE PAST.
The grounds on which we base our petition
are as follows: When the bond Issue was be
ing prepared, by the Utilities Committee of the.
Bnard of Supervisors (Supervisor Braunhart.
chairman) th? Board of Education submitted a
very complete list of urgently needed repairs
and other improvements. Including a complete
renovation of the plumbing and sanitary toilet
rystcma of our schools. The chairman of this
committee blue penciled the whole list, saying
that the bond election would be called only for
new school buildings, and that atl contem
plated renovations to existing buildings would
be provided for out of the regular annual ap
propriations.
Hon. Eugene E. Schmitz, Mayor of the City
and County of San Francisco— Sir: The un
friendly attitude toward the School Department
taken by the Finance Committee of the Hoard
«t Supervisors, consisting; of Supervisors Dran
d2iifct»!n. d'Anccna and Payot. In refusing to
allow any moneys for much needed repairs, ad
«1lt!on» and sanitary Improvements to our
old buildlnrs, makes neceeeary this report
to you. The Board of Education respectfully
petitions your Hont>r to oppose so much of the
budget as applies to the common school fund.
In order that the more considerate member* of
the Hoard of Supervisors whu believe in safe,
sanitary school buildings may have an oppor
tunity to reverse the actlcn of the -Finance
Committee.
Finally, the president of the Board
of Education emphasizes the need of
a special school tax and recommends
that a charter amendment for that
purpose be submitted to the people.
The substance of the letter follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, June C, 1001.
Roncovieri charges the Supervisors
with a deliberate attack upon . the
School Department in thus reducing
its income in the face of the well
known factB that the number of chil
dren of school ape is vastly increasing
every year and that the amount of
mxable property is J43.OO0.O00 larger
this year than last. He asks the Mayor
to oppose bo much of the budget a3
applies to the common school fund
with a view to compelling its revision
and the granting of the same percent
age of the city's income as last year,
namely, .0963 centa out of the dollar
limit. This would give $440,000, or
$120,000 more from municipal taxation
than the budget adopted yesterday al
lows. According to President Ronco
vieri. it would enable the School Board
to make the most essential repairs in
the older buildings.
A ringing protest against the action
of the Board of Supervisors in refus
ing the larger appropriations asked for
by the Board of Education was filed
yesterday with Mayor Schmitz by
President Roncovieri of the latter body.
The letter especially attacks the
Tinanre Committee of the Supervisors
for what it describes a? wanton
disregard of the health and even the
lives of the pupils. This is declared to
have been shown by the committee's
failure to provide funds for reparrs of
many old school buildings that have
be*n condemned by the Board of
Uealih as unsanitary.
President P.ontovieri, speaking for
the School Board, says that the Super
visors have reduced the amount of
municipal taxes allowed for school
purposes during the coming fiscal year
to j:<20,000, or $85,000 less than was given
In this year's budget. To cover up this
deduction, he avers, they carried for
ward the amount of $108,000 from this
year's income on the ground that on
May 28, when the Finance Committee
made up its estimate, this amount was
still unexpended, although the Finance
Committee had notice that it was al
ready contracted for and that the whole
sum would be spent before July 1.
ATTACK OX THE SCHOOLS.
FOUR GIRL GRADUATES
The bride is one of the fairest maids
in the little burg over the bay, and
Mr. Hawkins is a popular fellow, hav
ing won distinction in the practice of
law on both sides of the bay.
The marriage ceremony will be pre
ceded by a nuptial mass, a service that
in its impressiveness and beauty em
phasizes the solem/iity of the bridal
promises.
After a post-nuptial trip the young
barrister and his bride will set up their
household gods in San Rafael.
On Wednesday morning at 10:30 the
wedding of Miss Margaret Short and
Joseph Kane Hawkins will be cele
brated in the Quaint little church of
St. Raphael in San Rafael.
The Sorosis Club will be the scene of
a pretty wedding to-morrow, when
the Rev. Father Black will Join Miss
Edna Maybelle Lee and F. W. Dann
in the bonds of marriage.
The bride will be attended by Mies
Edna Richie and Miss Gladys Dann, a
Bister of the groom.
A reception will follow the ceremony.
The ceremony will be performed by
Archbishop Montgomery, the bride to
be attended by her sister. After the
service a reception will be held at the
Occidental, where the young ladles
have lived for many years. /
Miss Haywards is a young woman of
much charm and culture, having trav
eled abroad extensively with her sister.
Miss Cassie.
To-morrow night at St. Mary's Ca
thedral Miss Edna Haywards, daugh
ter of Captain H. M. Haywards, will
become the bride of Frank Butler, son
of P. F. Butler.
Misa Huntsman is the third maid of
the family to wed — Mrs. Grayson Dut
ton and Mrs. Kendleberger preceding
her to the altar.
Both the Williars and the Huntsmans
are of old families, the bride's mother
belonging to the Drummonds of Perth,
Scotland, and the Williar family for
more than a century has been identi
fied .with the wealth and culture of
Baltimore.
To-morrow at noon the wedding of
Miss Genevieve Louise Huntsman and
Harry R. Williar will be quietly cele
brated at the home of the bride's par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. George Huntsman.
The ceremony will be performed by
thu Rev. Dr. Clampett of Trinity
Church, Mrs. Charles Kendleberger of
Mare Island, a sister of the bride, as
sisting as matron of honor.
The bride is statuesque of figure and
of fine personality, and should fulfill the
poet's ideal of a beautiful bride.
After an extended trip through the
East, the young physician and his bride
will make their home in this city.
The ceremony will be held at the
home of the bride's parents in the
southern city, where Miss Eugenie
Jiixon, a sister of the bride, will as
sist as maid of honor, and Mrs. Jack
son E. Reynolds of New York City as
matron of honor. The bridesmaids will
include Miss Ella Hartnell of San Fran
cisco, Miss Madeline Edwards of Santa
Barbara, Miss Alice R. Dailey of Silver
City, N. M.. and Miss Gertrude Mc-
Kenzie of Los Angeles. Jackson E.
Reynolds of New York City will be best
man. «
To-morrow ni'ht Miss Charlotte Rix
on of Los Angeleo will become the bride
of Dr. Harry Reynolds, the well-known
Stanford man, who, during his oollege
days, was a shining light on the varsity
football team.
. No sinecure now is the office of
"Cupid" clerk— whatever It may be at
the ebb of affairs of love. But now
that the tide is running high, dear
Cupid Danforth Is threatened with in
undation.
By Sally Sharp.
President Roncovieri of the Board of Edu
cation Calls Upon Mayor Schmitz to Op
pose the Supervisors' Budget .Allowance
PROTESTS THAT SCHOOL
FUND IS INSUFFICIENT
Fine Musical Programme Is
Given at Closing Exercises
of Popular Convent School
SACRED HEART'S
BRIGHT PUPILS
JUNE FAVORED
AS MONTH OF
SMART NUPTIALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1904.
9
POSTUM CEKEAL.
COMES NATURAL
to any one to like the de-
licious, rich, nourishing
food-drink
POSTUM
after a few days' use
in place of coffee*.
Get the little book. '"The Ro*d to
TVellrtlle." In e«cb pkr.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEK SATURDAT— LAST WEEK
MBUBOUKNE
MacDOWELL
In the New and Successful Romantic Drama
A CAPTAIN OF NAVARRE
PRICES: 15c, 25c, 60c. 75a
DAVID lELASCO
PRESENTS MRS.
LESLIE GARTER
In His New Play
DU BARRY
For a Limited Encasement, Commencing;
NEXT MONDAY NIQHT
Regular Mat. Sat. Special Mat. "Wed.
SALE OF SEATS COMMENCES
THURSDAY MORNING
Prices: 12.00. $1.50. $1.00. 75c. 50c
TIVO.LIS55&
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIGHT.
Th« Military Comic Opera Triumph,
| SERGEANT |
| KITTY |
Book and Lyrics by R. II. Burnslde.
Music by A. Baldwin Sloans.
Beautiful Production— Splendid Cast.
, Great Success of
LILLIAN SEFTON, Frima Donna Soprano
Usual Tlvoll Prlces-^25c, 60c, 76c.
LOOK OUT FOR "ROBIN HOOD."
A Succession of Surprises!
FORESTERS OF AMERICA
Gorgeous Carnival
— — AND — -
Street Fair.
UNDER AUSPICES OP GENERAL RELIEF
COMMITTEE.
S — TRAIN LOADS OP NOTEXtTXES — 3
Magnificent Electrical Display,
A Feast of Fun and Frolic. .
Direction of California Carnival Company.
> 10c— ADMISSION— 10c.
OPEN AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Cor. Market. 11th. Van Ness ave. and 12th.
Palnrp DOirr rA| L to
i aiaww* Bee the beautifu i
j COURT Lounging
fifln room, the EMPIRE
U11W parlor, the
r -rtH J , PALM ROOM, the
lirnjlfl LOUIS XV PAR-
U1U11U LOR, and the LA-
n A i A 1- DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
§ Ml Jackets, Waists, LM
tfffiBt Dresses > Skirts - 1 Mm
and Summer styles. All of our fine all-wool |^^ntM
garments, specially selected styles, made by »*>i!«)l"«|»l <UF IIP liaF
w. the best tailors, lined with best* silk finings, will be sold during this sale «t* extraordinary bargain mr
a prices. You will surely find this sale attractive, so prepare to expect m feast of low prices. %
W $1.50 and $1.25 Fine Lawn $17.50 Black and White $2 Outing Skirts, in duck B
A and Cheviot Shirt Cfl- Silk Shirt Waist QjO E(] and crash, now... Of flft m
R Waists, now wllu Suits, now wIZiwU OliUU m
I $3 and $4 Fine India Silk $27 . 5O Fine Embroidered All- $4 Outing Skirts, in duck and W
£ Waists, black, D| yr * {? Dresses, Oil) rfl crash ' now - Q 7*1 1
ff now oiiij now i /.Oil -• Ohio a
fk $6 and $7 Peau de Soie and „ ™ '"7*-"* I . r $10 All-Wool Black Cloth ¦
M Taffeta Silk Waists, creams, ?5 Mis i es Covert Jf ckets ' Blouse Jackets, trimmed B
W light blue, pinks QQ rft ages 6 to 12 years, Ot Cfj and a n. s ilk lined, PC (jfi B
and blacks, now. OwiuU now Ul | uU now WUiUU W
M $35 Fancy Etamines, Eton $ :^ All-Wool Cloth Eton $16.50 Silk Etons, trimmed A
Ij and Blouse, Blouse Dress- Dresses, black DQ CH an d all -satin Ojfi flfl W.
» es trimmed, black and all and blue » now... OJivJU ijned, now OlUiUU \\
Ig colors, now....QQn ftrt $10.00 Black and Dark Ox- $17.50 Fine All-Wool Tan B
\ ...J OZUiUU fords, Cheviot, All-Wool Covert Cloth Jackets, all W
mr $1.50 Cotton Summer TCp Jackets; all satin QC nil silk-lined, now.* QQ Cfl A
% Petticoats, now Iwu lined; now uUiUU ..,..,^ l ......, l . uJiOU m
0 MAIL ORDERS SATISFACTORILY FILLED. )\
ff 1^JBC> KEARNEY jS^JP^ £
AMUSEMENTS.
hULlSmUl A LEADIN3 IKEA.?i
LAST FIVE NIGHTS.
Matinee Saturday — Charles Frohman Presents
MAUDE ADAMS
In Her Greatest Triumph,
THE LITTLE MINISTER
"Refreshing as a dewdrop." — Bulletin.
"Simply bewitched the audience. — Call.
"Proves irresistible."— Post.
"Possesses divine fire."— Examiner.
"A great artistic success." — Chronicle.
Beginning NEXT MONDAT.
ISOTHERN
In the Miracle Play.
THE PROUD PRINCE.
1 By Justin Huntly McCarthy.
Author of "IF I WERE KINO."
SEAT SALE THURSDAY.
CALIFORNIA
jgH A Tremendous Personal E^
HTriumph for AMELIA. GABDITEB |1
H The Stirring War Play of the South |
I "THE CAVALIER" I
H Presented by f&
I The Oliver Morosco Company 1
H The Greatest Stock Company In Ex- jj
M lstence. IS
£1 BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAT, I
H 25c and 50c. M
B Next— SECRET SERVICE. ¦
AT r* A T A "O 861 " 800 * Mayer.
ALCAZAR w^.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAT.
OUIDA'S I 1 BOMAEfCE
Her 2 flags
FIRST ALCAZAR STOCK PERFORMANCE.
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION.
MARVELOUS SAND STORM SCENE.
CIGARETTE'S RIDE FOR LIFE.
Ev«:., 26c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat., 25c to 60c
NEXT WEEK— LAUGH LONG AND LOUD!
CHARLEY'S AUNT
THE COMEDY OF COMEDIES.
To Follow— Clyde Fitch's LOVERS' LANE.
Coming— WHITE WHITTLESEY.
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES 8ATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
Hal Reid's Phenomenal Eastern Success,
I THE PEDDLER
A Fascinating Heart Interest Drama with a
Wealth of Comedy and the Greatest of all He-
brew Characters.
UDirCC Evenings lOe to 60s
rKlLEd Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
>*ext week — Mammoth Revival of
"THE OCTOKOOH"-^
THE GREAT ALFONS,
.Europe's Foremost Equilibrist,
And a Splendid Snow Every Afternoon
«nd Evenlnjr In the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE 'ON THE
MXNXATT7XS ELECTRIC RAILROAD.
Esmeralda'and Her BABY MONKEY In ths
Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
AMATEUR mOET THURSDAT.
Admission. 10c; Children, 6c.
-i — : — ; ¦ — ; — ¦ y
If you need help to make that
summer wnist or outing; suit
answer our EMPLOYMENT
WANTED; ads.
Reliable seamstresses at reas-
onable rates.
* ¦¦•¦¦••¦
¦ AMUSEMENTS.
6 -BIG NEW ACTS-6
Truly Shattnck; Avon Comedy Four;
Iieah Russell; Brandow aal Wiley;
Burke, la Bat and he Inky Boys;
Oast on and Stone; ?owert Brothers;
Orpheum Motion Pictures, Saowlnr
the Brooklyn Handicap, and
Marcel's Living Art Studies
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c, 23c
and BOc.
STATEMENT
. - OF TBB
CONDITION AXD AFFAIRS.
OF TBB
INDEMNITY FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN TBE STATE OF NEW
York on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1903. and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of Sections 610 and All of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Com ml -nipper.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash 1200,000 00
Cash Market Value of all 6tocks
and Bonds owned by Company... $383,963 00
Cash In Company's Office 23 00
Cash In Banks 88,132 93
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,373 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 22,78143
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. ISO 37
Commission on Unpaid Return.
Premiums and Reinsurance Prem-
iums 431 74
Total Assets .$450,161 32
. LIABILITIES. ¦
Lc«res adjusted and unpaid $13,153 69
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense (.060 62
Losses resisted, including expenses. 1,123 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. |211,T52 09;
reinsurance 30 p«r cent 103,376 OS
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $108,-
747 43; reinsurance pro rata .... 60,816 70
Due and accrued for Salaries, Rents.
etc 8,327 80
Due and to become due for Com-
missions and Brokerage 6C7 90
Return Premiums and Reinsurance
Premiums 8,262 22
Total Liabilities .1106,291 33
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums $273,824 23
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 12.3C8 80
Total Income $288,101 02
EXPENDITURES.
.Net ' amount paid \for Fire Losses
(Including $22,107 35. losses of
previous years) $148,418 OS
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 38,752 83
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 22.118 07
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 8.133 52
All other payments and expendi-
tures 18.113 03
Total Expenditures .$233,532 32
Fire.
Lcsses Incurred during the year. ..$147,517 61
Risks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $29,473,788 $403,628 38
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 23.738.870 321.836 91
Net amount In force
December 31, 1003. ¦ 23,023.352 820.499 83
A. F LOSEE. Vice President.
J. H. BURGER, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
3d day of February, 1904.
EDWIN F. CORET.
Commissioner for California In New York.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
314 California St.
W. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
J, L FULLER, Assistant Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS, Mgr., City Dept.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.'
AMUSE31KNTS.
They are taking; to our wonderful play and
company
As a duck takes to water.
XT. S.
Funny and finished to the end.
And these artists.
Tou hav« heard of them, of coots*.
EDNA AUO. GARRITT SISTERS. TORKE
& ADAMS, AL FIELDS. EDWIN CLARK,
BEN DILLON. ROT ALTON.
A chorus as 13 a chorus.
Th« sensational novelty. Lionel Lawreae*/*
"XIOHT BASZTTK GXX&S."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
BAMB POPVLAR PRICES.
STATEMENT
r;i£r: or the
CONDITION 1 AND AFFAIRS
OF THB
NORWICH UNION FIRE
INSURANCE SOCIETY
Or NORWICH. ENGLAND, ON THB «9T
day of December. A. D. 1903. and for th»
year ending oa that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of tho State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 810 and
till of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner; --
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
la Cash ._»MO,00*) —
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company. . . $371, 837 19
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. . . . 49.000 C«
Cash Market Value of all Brocks
*nd Bonds owned by Company... ft. 061,037 23
Cash In Company 1 * Office 600 00
Cash In B&nka 1.278.449 «J
Interest dua and accrued oa all
Stocks and Loan* 60,533 OS
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages ISO 00
Premiums In duo Course of Col-
lecUoa 84S.ttO33
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fir* and Marine Risks....... 33,083 M
Total Assets .... J7.US*.89» t3
LJABIXJTTE3.
Losses adjusted and unpaid V,
Losses la process of Adjust- ....
ment or In Suspense ¦ $489,541 H
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses {
Gross premium* on Firs Risks ,
rannlnc on« year or less.
» ; reinsurance 60 per
cent «UM.SS«U
Cross premiums ca Fir* Risks
running more than one year,
$ ; reinsurance pro rata. Ji
Cach dividend to Stockholders re-
maining unpaid 1.M0M
Due and accrued for Balarlca.
Rents, etc 15.000 tm
All other Liabilities.. .~....~..~. &>.8U9 TT
Total Liabilities .............. J3, CTX S33 ST
INCOaCE.
Net cash actually recehred for Flr»
premiums W. 943.107 19
Received for Interest on Bonds aad
Mortgages •i-:MV-*;- 1.M3 00
Received for Interest and dlYldeiis
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, aad
from all other sources 173.13817
Received for Rents... ......... 12.373 IT
Received from all other loarsst... 3.867 SO
Total Incom* .j6.139.80ft 83
EXPENDITURES.
Net axaouat paid for Fire Losses
(Including V- — — . »o»»es <*„.,„.,
previous years) |3.O30,i9T«
Dividends to Stockholders Z73.34O0O
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1.IC8.074C8
Paid for Salaries. Fees aad other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 468,00319
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes • ••• W.80O33
All other payments and expendl-
tares 270,04330
Total Expenditures .J5.338.460 Si
Flr»I
Losses incurred during the year...<3.249.131 07
Risks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
JS^.-££?.£! H.WWIM10 $7,833,323 33
Net amount of Risks
ySr^..?.^..?! UHLU9LS0O MM.mtl
Net amount In force
December 31. 180C1. 1.813.336.330 W37.330 77
FRANK A. CVBITT. President
C. A. BATHURST BIQNOLD. Secretary.
Bubscrlbed and sworn to before me. tats Sta
day of April. 1904.
LET. HALES. Notary Publlo.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARITHENT.
314 California St
W. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
J, L FULLER, Assistant Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS, Mgr. City Dept.,
. SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
I THE WEEKLY CALL, $1 PER YEARBigelow, who lives with his parents
at 456 Sixth street, was charged with
petty larceny and Lafkowltz was in
custody for violating the 8 o'clock
ordinance. How the boys got posses
sion of the saw is a mystery.
MIDSUMMER JINKS
OF BOHEMIAN* CLUB
Santos-Dumont Will, Attend as the
Guest of the Only Joseph
1). neckline.
James D. Phelan, president of the
Bohemian Club, wires from Paris to
the club that Joseph D. Redding will
manage the Sunday morning concert
of the midsummer jinks. Mr. Red
ding will bring to the redwood grove
new music and will bring as his guest
Santos-Dumont.
The club Is making the usual prepa
ration for the summer expedition to
the woods. It is announced that the
camp will open Tuesday, August 9. The
high Jinks is scheduled to take place
Saturday night, August 20.
The first high jinks of the club
among the great redwoods that fringe
the Russian River took place in the
summer of 1879, twenty-five years ago.
Among the speakers on that occasion
were John F. Swift, Frank M. Pixley.
Paul Neumann and Daniel O'Connell.
Sketches of the camp were made by
Toby Rosenthal and Jules Tavernier.
Breaks Gardener's Jaw.
William Kramer, a gardener at Har
bor View Park, secured a warrant
from Police Judge Mogan yesterday
for the arrest of Jeremiah Revere on
a charge of > battery. He alleges that
last April Revere's dog ran into the
park and began to destroy the flowers.
When Kramer remonstrated with Re
vere he received a blow that broke
his Jaw. He had been under medical
care since.
None of these fighters mentioned got
into close cuarters and mixed it wltli
the iron framed bollermaker. And now,
with the vast strides toward improve
ment shown by Jeffries during the past
year. Jack Munroe does take the bit
between his teeth and wade in, every
body will be at home and to the hay
early. If Jack lasts four rounds then
he is a pig for punishment.
Admitting that Madden'a Intentions
were for the good of the game and
that he never gazed on the pari-mu
tuel board where betting on the rounds
attracted speculators and conceding
that Ruhlin did not purchase all of the
malt goods down at Blanken's Six-
Mile House a few days prior to the
contest, Gus made a showing in front
of Jeffries that seems now like a sum
mer's dream. No wonder one Billy
Milton hung his hat on the kinetoscope
machine and ruined the pictures.
As Jeff stalked to his corner on the
evening of his encounter with the
speckled beauty. Bob Fitzsimmons, he
sat down sulking and surly, and hl3
friends were at a loss for the reason.
The flooring of the ring had been im
properly constructed, so It transpired
afterward. Light boards had been used
under the rine padding and with frail
supports beneath the footing was
springy when the weight of the huge
champion was placed upon It. Fighting
under such fearful disadvantage, Fitz
simmons while he pummeled the cham
pion some with stinging lefts, was ut
terljj/outclassed. and a couple of bard
raps and eight rounds sufficed.
The irrepressible James J. Corbett,
after Imbibing of the fountain of youth
somewhere down In the everglades of
Florida or the meshes of Mott street.
New York, imagined he was good again
and entitled to another chance. Cor
bett in all seriousness told his admirers
he . could not lose. Jeff gave Corbett
the opportunity to demonstrate what
Professor Tommy Dare's treatment
would do and the result is well known.
Enjoying his work with the keen relish
of the fish pond man disposing of num
ber cards to Reuben Glue and his fol
lowing at a country fair, Jeff rag
timed along for ten rounds, when It
was curtains for the conquerer of John
L. Sullivan.
WTien Jack Munroe was introduced
to the crowd at Woodward's Pavilion
on the nlghtof the Canole-Nelson
scrap, he saldrdurlng the course of hl3
short speech, that he had Journeyed
west to fight Jeffries and would not run
away. If the miner keeps his promise
and will test his strength and punches
against the boilermaker's fortifications
and battery, carriages may be ordered
for a very short struggle. When Gua
Ruhlin, the big dub from Akron, Ohio,
faced Jeff at Mechanics* Pavilion he
stopped one just north of the equator
in the fourth round, and Madden, to
save his man fron; farther punishment,
so he said, threw up the sponge. With
out belittling the power of Jeff's hit
ting proclivities and tipping the "bea
ver" out of respect for the
humaneness of Madden, this "listens
good" and such acts may tend to ele
vate the fistic art. But If Madden will
turn to page 32. third line from the bot
tom, he will read from the philosophy
of "One-Eyed" Connelly: "There 13
a sucker born every minute, but lacfc
of rain in some countries during the
juicy months has a tendency to keep
them stunted."
HARBIN SPRINGS, June 6.— All
hostilities were suspended and Sunday
was a day of peace and quiet in the
Jeffries camp. The champion took a
run on the road after breakfast and
this marked the extent of hl3 exer
tions In the training line. The big fel
low can afford to take matters quietly,
for his condition is, or will be, perfec
tion itself on the evening of the big
battle.
By F. E. Mulholland.
NEW YORK, June 6.— Eddie Hanlon
and Terry McGovern -will not fight on
July 15 as arranged. By mutual agree
ment the pair will met on September
15 instead. When they signed articles
a few weeks ago they agreed to leave
the combat open to the highest bidder.
When the bids were opened to-day it
was found that the proposal of the
National Athletic Club of Philadelphia
was the largest. This club has offered
80 per cent of the gross receipts for a
six-round contest. Next came the of
fer of a purse of $5000 from the Waver
ly Athletic Club of Chicago, and an
offer of a $6000 purse from the Lenox
Athletic Club of Philadelphia, for a
six-round fight. A bid was also re
ceived from the Eureka Athletic Club
of Baltimore, which is controlled by
Al Herford, the manager of Joe Gans.
This organization offered to allow the
boxers 65 per cent of the gross receipts.
The lowest proposal came from the
Hayes Valley Athletic Club of San
Francisco, which offered 60 per cent.
The representatives or both men
were much surprised when they learn
ed of the California club's bid, as they
expected that this organization would
give more money for the battle than
the others. It was as a result of this
offer that the managers agreed to put
the fight off until September 15 so as
to give other clubs in San Francisco
a chance to get the fight. San Fran
cisco is Hanlon's home. and for this
reason alone it is thought, If the fight
is held there, It would attract a big
crowd.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Offers of Eastern Clubs Held
Pending Other Proposi
tions From San Francisco
Boilermaker Is Already Fit
for the Battle and Is
Doing Only Light AVork
HAED TASK FOE MUNEOE
BOTH MEx\ T SUEPEISEI)
Bid of Hayes Valley Club
Causes a Postponement of
Hanlon-3IcGovern Contest
Retrospective Yiew of Af
fairs Places Jeffries in
Light of Easy Winner
FIGHTERS WANT
LARGER PURSE
FORM FAVORS
THE CHAMPION
Waterboy Not to Start.
NEW YORK, June 6. — Waterboy
has been declared out of the Subur
ban. '
PARIS, June 6. — The billiard match
between Schafer and Cure for 3000
points, eigh teen-inch balk line, two
shots In, began to-night. - The score
was, Schafer 500, Cure 407. Schafer
made two runs of 127 each.
Schafer Leads Cure.
RATS CAUSE FIRE.— An incipient blaze In
the roof of the two-story frame building - at
403 Leavenworth street, owned by J. Lasak
of 1110 Laguna street . caused alarms to be
turned in from boxes 377 and 45 last evening.
Upon the arrival of the dftjartmeuf the flames
were quickly extinguished. The dwelling is
occupied by Mrs. x Lena Cantrowlth, and there
was no. damage to contents. The. loss to tho
building will not exceed $500. , Upon examin
ation it was found that the tire was undoubt
edly, caused by rats gnawing matches. ¦
WORCESTER, Mass., June 6. —
James E. McGarr, formerly a well
known ball player of the National
League, died in the Worcester In
sane Hospital to-day of paresis, aged
41 years.
Paresis Claims Ball Player.
NEW YORK, June 6.— That Amer
ican riflemen may not rest under even
a technical Imputation of unsports
manlike conduct the executive com
mittee of the American Rifle Associa
tion may offer to restore the Palma
trophy to the British association,
agreeing that, the match at Bisley,
England, last July shall be erasad. i
Sharpshooters Desirous of Escaping
Even Technical Imputation of r
Unsportsmanlike Conduct.
AMERICAN RIFLEMEN MAY
RESTORE PALMA TROPHY
NEW YORK, June 6.— Owing to the
unprecedented attendance at the
tracks since the poolrooms . were
closed, It is reported the associations
controlling the various tracks about
New York are making arrangements
to .raise the price of admission. For
grand stand tickets It is understood
the flffure,will be advanced from $2
to' S3, while 75 cents, the price for
tickets to the field stand, probably will
be doubled.
Unprecedented Attendance, It Is Ex
pected, Will Cause Increase in
, Prices of Admission.
CLOSING OF POOLROOMS
DRIVES CROWD TO RACES
NEW YORK, June 6. — "Jimmy"
Britt, featherweight champion, ap
peared at a performance at the Grand
Opera-house Sunday night. He ren
dered his monologue and was easily
the hit of the show. The famous lit
tle fighter tells a number, of funny sto
ries and sandwiches in a bit of Irish
dialect, which brings forth hearty
laughs from hjs listeners. His stories
are full of wit and he tells them in
an easy way. Britt's first appearance
as a vaudeville artist was a big suc
cess.
Appears as Monologist in New York
and Is Given Ovation.
BRITT SCORES A HIT.
SANTA ROSA, June" 6.— The Santa
Rosa Gun Club held an all-day shoot
Sunday at Recreation Park. A. P.
MacGregor won the honors in the
medal shoot contest. In addition to
the medal shoot there was a prize
shoot grlven by the National Sports
men, In which Thomas 'Lewla, E. H.
Drake and D. S. Hirschle won respec
tive honors, and a practice, shoot and
a double shoot. Several contestants
were present from other cities.
Much Rivalry Displayed In Gun Con
tests and Competitors From \
Other Cities Attend. *
MACGREGOR WINS HONORS
IN SANTA ROSA SHOOT
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June C— Latonla sum
mary:
First race, six furlongs — Owasca won,
Henry Lyons second. Fiasco third. Time,
Second race, five furlongs — Monaco Maid
won. Dazzle second, Judge Saufley third.
Time. 1:02.
Third race, one mile — Gallagher won, Rus
sian second, Fred Lazarus third. Time, 1:42.
Fourth race, alx furlongs — Sjambok won,
Benmora second. Van Ness third. Time,
1:13%.
Fifth race, one mile — Frank Me won, Gra<
clous second, Outwal third. Time, 1:40.
Six race, one and a fourth miles — Balrd
won, Sailor's Dream second, Briers third.
Time, 2:07.
Winners of Latonla Races.
First Race— Midnight Minstrel,
Mellwood, The Trlfler.
Second Race— Adore, Green Rose,
Eckersall.
Third Race — Singing Master, Peter
J. Somers, Freeslas.
Fourth Race — Gregor K, Soufrlere,
Mansard.
Fifth Race — Pinkerton, Florentine,
Double.
Sixth ~Race— Schoolmate, Durbar,
Rough and Tumble.
By the Chloago Inter Ocean.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
By the New York Moming Telegraph.
First Race — Pulsus, Thomas entry,
Juvenal Maxim.
Second Race — Ella Snyder, Dimple,
Witchcraft.
Third Race — Bennington entry, Nib
lick, Amberjack. \
Fourth Race— Broomstick, , Irish
Lad, Hermis. '
Fifth Race— Cincinnatus, Akela,
Dimple.
Sixth Race— Salvage, Niblick, Salt
and Pepper.
GRAVESEXD SELECTIONS.
Cleveland 6 **• 1
New York 17 1
Batteries — Bernhard and Abbott; Hughes and
McGulre.
DETROIT June 6. — For the second time this
season Cy Young shut out Detroit. His pitch
ing was masterly, the home team never hav
ing a chance to get eyen to Becond base.
Stahl's batting was a feature. Attendance,
15C °- SC ° re: B. II. -E.
Detroit 2 3 0
Boston 3 10 0
Batteries — Kllllan and Woods; Young and
Crlger.
ST. LOUIS, June 6. — The St. Louis Ameri
cans defeated Washington here to-day In a
game practically without incident. Hedrlck
made a great catch In the third Inning of a
drive to the fence by Selbach. Attendance,
200 °- SC ° re: B. H. E.
St. Louis 6 12 2
Washington 8 6 2
Batteries — Pelly and Sugden; Orth and Drill.
- CHICAGO. June 6. — Philadelphia won to
day's game by pounding Altrock for three sin
gles a double and a triple In the fifth Inning.
Attendance. 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 3 8 4
Philadelphia ; 8 9 3
Batteries— Altrock and McFarland; Waddell
and Schreck.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTON, June 6. — Cincinnati 9. Boston 4.
NEW YORK, June 6. — Pittsburg 2, New
York 15.
PHILADELPHIA, June 6.— St. 'Louis 6,
Philadelphia 14.
BROOKLYN. June 6.— Brooklyn 5, Chicago 2.
CLEVELAND, June 6.— Bernhard had the
better of a pitchers' battle to-day. New York
was saved from a shut-out by Osteen, who
tripled and scored on Thoney's single. At
tendance. 2700. The score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland *Tenm of American League
Defeats New York by Score
of Five to One.
OSTEEX MAKES TRIPLE AXD
STOPS A SHUT-OUT
CHICAGO, June 6.— The following are the
entries for the races at Harlem to-morrow:
First race, four, and a half furlongs, sell-
Ing— Jim Canale 107. Rretchen Hope 91, Men
wood 99 Raymond K 94, Midnight Minstrel 94,
Gallant Cassie 98 Rathskeller 99. The Trifler
101. St. Bonnie 95, Dixie Andrews 96.
Second race four and a half furlongs, sell-
Ing — Hopeless 97. Green Rose 102, Adare 10.3,
Eckersall 102, Tim Hurst 104, Sanction OS,
Bert Orsa 93. Bay Law 99, The Eye 99. Mono
gram 100.
Third race, eix furlongs, maidens — Buck
Wynne 102. Tammany Queen 97. Singing Mas
ter ,111. Raincoat 99. Away Right 105, Miss
Hortense 105, Freeslas 112. Gene Handlon 117,
Ghats 104, Peter J. Somers 117, Regina D 105,
Little Wally 99, Teddy 99. Cantfen 97.
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Mansard 103,
Sioux Chief 10.1. The Meteor 100, Foncasta 96,
Eoufrlere 91 Gregor K 107.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Modredlaw 103,
Plnkerton 103. Florentine OS, Squire Johnson
9S Double 08.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — La Chaperone
95 Watermelon 94, Rough and Tumble 103,
Schoolmate 98 Falernlan 102, The Mighty 104,
Sam Stevens 91. Durbar 89. Plautus 100. Arab
99, Edward Hale 102.
Weather cloudy; track heavy.
NEW YORK, June 6. — The entries for the
races at G raves md to-morrow are aa follows:
First race, about six furlongs, three-year
olds handicap — Pulsus 120. Collector Jessup
118,' Stalwart 117, James V 110. Lady Amelia
11C. Ormonde's Right 114. John F 110, St.
Valentine 110, Requiter 10S, Major Pelham
107, Juvenal Maxim 107, Consideration 102,
Divination 10OT <J -^ . ;~
Second race} one and a sixteenth miles,
three-year-olds and up — Stolen Moments 108,
Dekaber 107. Flammula 100. Bollna 101. Nine
spot 101, Ella Snyder 101. Flora 103. Naughty
Lady 08, Witchcraft 90. Nigrette 98, Coppella
92, Divination 02. Dimple 91, Hydrangea 84.
Third race, five furlongs, two-year-olds,
handicap— Blandy 126. Niblick 122, Waterside
121 Flyback 115 Goldfleur 108, Gamara 98,
Maximilian 90, Amberjack 107.
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles, three
year-olds and up, the Standard stakes — Major
DalngerHeld 128, Herml3 12S, Mizzen 111.
Africander 126. The Picket 126, Broomstick
111, Highball 111. Montreson 111.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, three
year-olds and up, maiden Jockeys, selling — The
Rhymer 108, Akela 107, Beverly 103, Ppetorlus
103, Cincinnatus 103, Paget 101, Flammula 101,
McMeekln 08, Steelmaker 90, Southampton 94.
Dapple Gold 03, Dimple 91, Queen Belle SO,
Tol San 80 '>'¦' "
Sixth race, five furlongs, two-year-olds — Nib
lick 114, Chief Milllken 111, Grand Slam 111,
Don Royal 111. Lochlnvar 111, Observer 111,
Confessor 111, Slglisht 107, Salvage 107, Steel
Trap 99, Buttling 90, Suffice 99, Tongorder
00. Salt and Pepper 99.
Weather clear; track fast.
First Race — Dolinda, Alflo, Be
hoove.
Second Race — A Iiady Fair, Sylvan
Belle. Wakeful.
Third Race — Yellmnntown, King
Fox II, Misanthrope.
; Fourth Race — Elastic, Warte Xicht,
Autumn Leaf.
Fifth Riice — My Eleanor, Gay Ade
laide, Fay Templeton. '
Sixth Race — Iras, Lynch, Main
spring.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
ST. LOUIS, June 6. — The following are the
entries for the races at Delmar to-morrow:
First race six and a half furlongs^ — Velas
quez 115 Dr. Bob 113. Alflo 111. Little Giant
10$. Behoove 101. Dolinda 97. Algonquin 00.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, maid
ens*— Lucky Pick 106. Sylvan Belle 103, Wake
ful 103. Florence Searcey 103, La Princess 101,
A Lady Fair 101 Madras 100. Bernandena 100,
Bounding Hhip 100. Viola Faith 100, Telephone
Belle 100. Matera 95. ¦ „ .„,
Third race, six furlong*, selling — Tom 107.
King Fox II 107, Tellmantown 105. Mildred L
105 Happy Hooligan 102, Misanthrope 100,
Bird Pond 100. ~ ,
Fourth "race, six furlongs, handicap — Elastic
US. Warte NicM 106. Martius 88, Autumn
LiPvcn 04, -Mordella feS.
Fifth race five furlongs, selling — My Eleanor
107 Dotage 107. Fay Templeton 102. Gay
Adelaide IMS.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Trio 108 Compass 106, Mainspring 105.
Memphian 105, Strader 105, Iras 105, Lynch
10.1 The Advocate 102, Easter Walters S-.
Wea'.her cloudy; track heavy.
SIXTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; purse;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Kin.
2 to 1— Dawscn. 104 (McMullen) 2 12 17
6 to 1— Lady Matchless.lO.'UAstn) 3 2 1%2 1
2 to 1 — Gi*sllghter, 108 Sheehan) 4 8 u 3 15
Time. 1:53%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, G. H. Neal' s b. g. (5) by St. Andrew-
Easter. Broodier 104. also ran.
Time. 1 :«S. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
II. T.Thoma son's blk. f. (0) by Hungar-Lady
Agncp. Glralda-107. Clifton Boy 104, Moroni
102, Kscanaba 10l\ Maude Wallace 102, Edith
Bass 05, Feronia 100, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs;
four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Dominis, 104 (Gullett)... 2 12 11%
4 to 1— Wissendine, 102 (Foley). » 52 31
15 to 1— Llllie I.«ng. 05 (Stoval).. 1 2 2 3 n
Sportsdom was thrown Into convul
sions last night by the well authenti
cated announcement that James J. Jef
fries had started negotiations to secure
a postponement of the heavy-weight
championship battle between himself
and Jack Munro® for a date In June, a
week or ten days later than that on
which It was originally set, which Is
the 17th of the present- month. - •
General incredulity was expressed
among: the wise ones, but an investiga
tion disclosed that there was a sound
basis for the rumor. Yesterday after
noon James W. Coffroth, manager of
the Yosemlte Club, under the auspices
of which the battle is scheduled to take
place, was approached by a mutual
friend of his and of Jeffries' and told
that the heavyweight champion de
sired a postponement.
"Such a suggestion. \ras made to me
yesterday afternoon," said Coffroth
last night at the Alcazar Theater, "by
a young man who returned from Har
bin Springs last night. He Is a warm
friend of Jeffrie^ and also of mine, and
1 decline to give his name," as he is
prominent in business circles and
would not like to be mentioned In con
nection with the coming boxing match.
"He told me that Jeffries desired a
postponement until some later date, if
suoh could be secured. He said that
Jeffries understood that the battle
must come off some time In June in
order to cover the permit of the club,
but that he would like to carry the
date along as far as possible.
"This man does not represent Jef
fries officially in any way, but I have
no doubt that he expressed the cham
pion's wishes. At first I thought that
Joff might have hurt himself, but I
was assured that nothing untoward
had happened to the big fellow and
that he only desired to take a little
more time to train."
Coffroth hid the secret under his
Fhirt bosom until he met Billy Roach
at dinner last night in a down-town
r«>ftaurant. Roach Is acting manager
of Munroe until Harry Pollak arrives
from the East. Then he unbosomed
himself. Roach told Coffroth that the
Munroe forces would not consent to a
delay of one day under any circum
stances. As there is a forfeit of $2500
up by each of the fighters, Jeffries will
have to round to before June 17 or for
feit this neat bunch of money.
The report of Jeffries* request for a
postponement was made public so late
that no communication could be se
cured with the champion at Harbin
Springs, where he is training.
INDIAN GIRLS EXPERT
BASKET BAIiLi PLAYERS
Team From Fort Shaw Will Strive for
the National Pennant at
St. ixmis.
BUTTE. Mont., June 6. — The Fort
Shaw Indian girls* basket ball team,
the crack aggregation of Its kind in
the Northwest, is en route to St. Louis
Exposition, where the dusky maidens
will battle ifor the national pennant.
The team Is giving exhibitions at
points along the route. Since their
organization two years ago the In
dians have lost but one contest, that
defeat occurring several weeks after
the team was formed.
Jack Munroe, the burly and good
natured young man who waved by
by to a hammer and drill in favor of
padded gloves and a equare patch of
canvas with ropes around It, was
fltept busy yesterday at his training
quarters at Sheehan's Tavern on the
beach. He is matched to fight Cham
pion Jim Jeffries on June 17, and he is
not losing any time in putting himself
in condition.
Dick Adams, who has followed Jef
fries ever since the beginning of his
Viatic career, like a coach dog under a
buggy, was one of the interested spec
tators of Munroe's work, and he came
away in a thoughtful mood. He said:
They've been telling me that Munroe couldn't
be moved around with a steam derrick, but
don't you believe that. I went out there ex
pecting to find a man that you could tie a
thoroughbred horse to during a. fight and he
wouldn't even jerk the bridle. Forget these
vain words. Munroe is not the bronze etatue
I believed him. He gets around on his feet
wonderfully fast for a heavy man. I don't
think he is as good in foot work as Jeffries,
but the percentage is not heavy enough to
decide a tight outside of other points.
3ICXROE IS A FIGHTER.
Munroe is no club boxer, who Elaps in two
ounces of elove and then Jumps clear across
the ring. He is a fighter, but at the same
time handy enough on his (eet not to trip
himself up. He is always on top ot his man
and he has one cf the wickedest rights I ever
"have seen. He is also good al quick jabbing
with his left. It was apparent that he has
strength, courage and good nature. Ehirlng
one of the bouts he received a scratch on his
no6e and the man boxing with him kept play
ing for that. Munroe did not mind it and
merely blocked and feinted, occasionally de
livering a phantom punch, which, if cut loose,
would have landed his opponent somewhere
near the Farallones.
When Adams was informed that Jef
fries desired a postponement of two
weeks he screwed up his mouth, but
declined to discuss the causes of such
a request.
Munroe, Andy Gallagher and a few
other friends took a ride in an automo
bile yesterday. The chauffeur tried to
make a close finish with the steps of
Sheehan's Tavern and nearly dumped
the party out. He beat the steps out
for one plank, but lost a tire from the
front wheel of the machine.
BOXES WITHOUT REST.
During 'the training Munroe took on
Owen Sullivan, Jack Sull, Frank Mc-
Dcrmott and Masso and. Foley of the
Olympic Club. He fought a three
minute round with each of these with
out resting and then took on Andy
Gallagher for heavy work without
taking a breathing spell. The work
closed with another round with Galla
gher with a breastplate on. and here
the miner was able to extend himself
somewhat without danger of hurting
his opponent. This made twenty-three
minutes of fast work without a breath
ing spell.
Munroe has a shoulder and elbow
movement that is novel and may' be
dangerous. He leads a short blow with
his right and apparently misses. Then
he comes back with his elbow to the
EOlar plexus and his glove is there
again as he withdraws the elbow. It is
a deceptive blow^and a hard one and
particularly difficult to block.
Billy Ra#ch would like to have any
of the amateur or professional heavy
weights who desire to try Munroe out
visit the quarters any day during the
boxing and they will be accorded a
chance.
Harry. Pollak and Young Corbett left
New York yesterday on their way to
this city.
What few bets that have been regis
tered on the result bo far are at the
odds of ten to four on Jeffries, and
even money that he will win inside of
ten rounds.
Hayes Valley Club Events.
As a preliminary for the big battle
on the 17th th© Hayes Valley Club
announces the following card of bouts
to be pulled off at Woodward's Pa
vilion on the night of June 16:
George Peterson vs. Ted Wolff, wel
ter-weights; Joe Carroll vs. Tom Sul
livan, feather-weights; Jack O'Brien
vs. Abe Label, 118 pounds, return
match; Jim Kane vs. Charles Dunn,
125 pounds; Harry .Tenny vs. Dick
Murray, 115 pounds; Jack Doyle vs.
Joe Kelly, 118 pounds; Frank WellB
vs. Jack Bradshaw, 116 pounds.'
Al Xelll Ix>ses at Sydney.
Al Nelll, well known In this city,
was defeated in Sydney, Australia, on
"May 10 last by an Australian fighter
named "Soldier" Jack Thompson. It
took lees than two rounds to put him
down for the count. The Sydney pa
pers say that Neill was probably out
of training, but showed much clever
ness during the first round.
Will Claim $2500 Forfeit
if the Champion Does Not
Live Up to His Contract
Miner and Friends Narrowly
Escape a Spill While Out
Biding in the Afternoon
SIXTH RACE— One mile and 100 yards; four
year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. *i Fin.
50 to 1 — Omdurman 98' (Harris) 2 4 2 14*
20 to 1— Tancred. ill (Feitch).. 4 11 2 nk
9 to 2— Mamf=e11<s 90 (Mclntyre) 5 2 2 3 3
Time, 1:53 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W M. Falker's ch. h. (6) by Odd
Fellow-Blrdseye. Louisville 98. Censor 105,
Love's Labor 105, Admonition 107, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Four and a halt furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horee, Weight Jockey. St. K FlnT
ft to 2— Gold Enamel 106 (Haack) 6 T 4 1 1^5
3 to 1 — Vldalia. 115 (Aubuchon). 5 3 '& 2 2
3/o 1— SUverskln, 109 (Prior).. 3 4 13 3
(Time, :57 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, M. D. Miller's ch. c. by Madison-
Enamel. Chicago Lad 109. R. L. Johnston 109.
Roscoe 100, Frank Montevarde 107, Herlida
103, aleo ran.
FOURTH RACE — One mile and seventy
yards- three-veer-olds and up; purse:
Betting Horee. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— E. Palma, 101 (Aubchn) 2 2 4 13
9 to lO-'Strolier. 9S (Nicol) 1 12 23
11 to 2 — K. Powers, 90 (Knapp). 4 4 20 3 2Vi
- Time ¦ 1:47 3-5. - Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Talbot *Bfos.' ch. h. (4) by The Com
moner-Ralnlng Dew. Judge Hime« 101, Gav
rota 96, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Steeplechase; short course;
four-year-olds and up; handicap.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Montanic, 140 (Arehbld) 4 13 15
40 to 1— Donami. 125 (Bartley).. 0 3 2
Time, 3:51 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Lasca Durnejl's b. g. (a) by Mon
tana-Walnut. Golden Link 150. threw rider.
Leo Planter 130. Itacatlara 155. .Ceylon 145,
fell. Only two finished.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
9 to 1 — Automaton. 10.1 -(Lwrnce) 1 MJ IB
7 to 1— M. Johnson, 101 (Nicol) 2 2 1 2 nk
25 to 1— Docile. S8 (Knapp) 4 5 % 34
Time. 1 :16 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. H. Herndeen & Co.'s b. h. (0) . by
Autocrat-Von Hera. Ocean Dream 104, St.
Paula 81. Alllsta 10(5. Olympian 11.1, Nannie
Hodge 95, Emma A M 101, tlnished as named.
Time. 1 :W 2-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. Rold Bros', ch. g. (7) by Fonso-
Miss Mannie. North Wind 101, Safeguard
100, Leviathan »5, Marcos 101, John Drake
100, Hermencia 102, Florence H 94, Jaubert
107, finished as named.
Accidents completely marred the
steeplechase, which was one of the
features of the card. Out of six start
ers, only tw»o finished the course, the
winner being^Montanic, a 6 to 1 shot,
while Donami, the extreme outsider in
the betting, at 40 to 1, was second.
These were the only two which averted
any mishap.
The weather conditions were none too
pleasant at Harlem to-day, a stiff, cold
wind blew down the home stretch and
made things generally unpleasant. The
track was much better than was ex
pected and, although still lumpy and
rough, was comparatively dry.
Starter Dwyer, who .was operated
upon late Saturday for appendicitis, is
reported as making favorable progress
toward recovery.
Not a favorite won during the after
noon. Results:
FIRST KAcE — One mile and 100 yards;
four-year-olds and up; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St> % Fin.
11 to 2— Frangible, 102 (Knapp). 10 6 6 1 1&
30 to 1— The Way, 105 (Miller) . . 8 7 3 2 h
0 to 1— Marshalsea. 100 (Booker) 5 2 4 3 %
Frangible broke next to last in a
field of eleven, but his jockey, Knapp,
gradually wore down his field, got up
to third position in the stretch and in
the final eighth the old horse ran over
his field and won going away, with a
length and a half to spare.
CHICAGO. June 6. — An "old-fash
ioned killing" was made by Frangible
in the first race at Harlem this after
noon. This one-time popular horse on
the local tracks was "the goods" to
day and when he opened at 20 to 1
there was a rush from every quarter
of the ring to get aboard. When the
bugle call sounded the horses to the
post. Frangible had been backed down
to 11 to 2 and money was still going on
him.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; purse; three
ytar-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5 — Orient, 95 (D. Austin).. 1 2 5 11%
20 to 1 — I.ady Contrary.lOS(Wtsn) 3 1 n 2 1
8 to 1— Ancke, 106 (McGinn).... 5 3 n 8 3
Time. 1:22. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, T. P.' Hayes & Co.'s ch. c. (3) by Guldo-
Mazurka. Scotch Dance 100 and Glennevls 111
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
puree; two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Dishabille, 110 (Sheehan) 2 1 2 1 h
1 to 2— Col. White. 108 (McMlln) 4 2 & 2 20
7 to 2 — Princess Orna 110 (Astn) a 3 1 3 l'j
•Time. 1:00. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, G. C. Bennett & Co.'e b. f. (2) by King's
Counsel-Night Gown. Eduardo 110 also ran.
Time, 1:29. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mr3. W. B. Freeman's br. g. <5) by His
•Highness-Shining Light. Dr. Kler 105. Nearest
97, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs {
purse; four-year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Bt. *i» Fin.
8 to 1— Illuminate, 09 (McMllen) 2 3 10 1 3
<n to 1— Uranium. 100 (Rice).... 6 2 V-, 2 2
4 to 1— Satchel. 97 (Barron) 1 1 1%3 7
ST. LOUIS, June 6.— The public was
again handed a beating by the ring
to-day, unexpected winners cropping:
up all through the card. One 3 to 5
shot, Colonel "White, was beaten, and
two 1 to 2 shots won. Orient and
Milt Young, both odds on, were the
winning favorites. The weather was
perfect and the track lumpy. Results:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
purse; two-year-olds. *
Betting. Horsr, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 2— Milt. Young, 112 (McMln) 4 1 n 1 3
8 to 1— Laurel IV 106 (Schickel). 3 4 5 2 n
8 to 1— Inflammble.103 (D.Auetn) 2 2 y, 3 1VS
i Time, 1:02*4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. E.-A. Chlnn's b. c. (2) by Cayuga-Marie
Decea, Nlberad 106. Th© Druggist 106 fin
ished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; purse; maiden
fillies, two-year-olds: ¦ .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. a i Fin.
4 t0 5_Way. Lass. 109 (Hlgson) 3 13 12
7 to 1 — Diamond, 10H (Shaw) 2 2 h 2 ns
4 to 1— Mirthless, 109 (O'Neill).. 5 3 2 3 1
Time, 1:03. Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner, S. S. Brown's b. f. by Sir Dlxon-Lady
Wayward. Novena, Dance Music, Antimony,
Gallc. Hazel Baker, Awakening. Dorothy Gray,
.Gotowln and Gaylord finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; handi
cap: three-year-olds and up:
Bettirg. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. •% Fin.
2 to 1— Dainty, 102 (Hildebrand) 5 2 % 1 2
5 to 1— Wild Thyme, 105 (J.Mtn) 112 2 6
15 to 1— ramon, 102 (Higglns)... 4 3 1 3 2
Time. 1 :40 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, W. B. Jennings' ch. f. by Golden
Garter-Rosebud. Garnish, Conjurer, High
lander, Puke of Kendal, Agnes D and Colonsay
finished as named.
FOURTH RACK — Five furlongs; the Bedford
ncillng Ftakes: two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Czaraphlne, 100 (Lynne) 2 1 Vx 1 %
2 to 1— Gold Ten, 09 (Hiliehrd) 6 3 3 2 1*4
30 to 1— Red Friar, 100 (J.Mtn) 7 5 1 3 3%
Time. 1 :01 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. S. Paget's ch.'f. by Rublcon-Seraphlm.
Austin Allen, Carrie Jones. Hieh Born. Lind
say, Gordon and Kasslla finished as named;
THIRD RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
purse; three- year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 20 — Ort Well*T 110 (CVXell) S 1 ns 1 ns
4 to 1 — Mercury. 97 (Jones)... 1 2ns 2 1>4
3 to 1— Grazlallo, 110 (Hldbnd) 4 3 2 3 8
Time, 1:411-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. A. Drake's ch. c. by King Erlc-
Teasover. The Southerner, Rapid Water,
Flexion, Possession, Sonora Belle, Handful
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— About two miles; steeple
chase; four-year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *,i Fin.
» to 2— Grandpa. 144 (O'Hrien). 9 1 Vi 1 2
10 to 1— D. Roberts, 130 (Brhrdt) 3 3 1 2 1%
9 to 1— Fly. Buttress, 144 (Daytn) 6 4 2 .T 3
Time, 4:00. Start grood. Won driving. Win
ner, H. H. Hayes' ch. g. by Graxidmaster-
Phllllppa. Redpath, Whlneray, Ada Nay,
Kumshaw, Dorset, Buck Lodge finished as
named. ..
Yaeger backed his own fllly. Mimosa,
in the first race, from 6 to 1' down to 2
to 1 and she won. He placed most of
his winnings back at a good price on
¦W. B. Jennings' four-year-old filly
Dainty, which was ridden by the clever
young jockey, Hildebrand. This rider
is under contract to Yaeger.
There was only, one stake decided at
Gravesend to-day. This was the Bed
ford, for two-year-olds, at five fur
longs. Mr, Paget entered Czaraphlne,
a filly above the selling class. She was
a warm favorite, but barely managed
to get home in front of "William Lake
land's lilly .Gold Ten, which was the
second choice. A furlong from home
Czaraphine was under curb, but' Gold
Ten came forward in such a deter
mined fashion that Lyne was obliged
to drive to win by a scant length. Re
sults:
FIRST RACE: — About six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up."
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to f> — Mimosa, IK) (Hildebrand) 1 16 12
8 to 1— Yng. Henry, 110 (Phlps)lO 4 2 '2 ft
12 to 1 — Emergency, 101 (Ganon) 4 2 3 Sns
Time, 1:10 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, i J. C. Yeager'ii br. f. by Hamburg:-
Castalla. Castalian, Julie. M. For Laick. Coun
terpoise, Neither One, Unmasked. Vagary,
Fire Eater, Belle of Wakefleld finished aa
named. , •
GRAVESEND, June 6.— Joe Yaeger*s
luck is a by-word of the race course.
At Gravesend, Yaeger has been mak
ing heavy plays that earned him the
title of "plunger." The gossips of the
track say that Yaeger did not win a
cent less than $60,000 to-day. This was
won on two races.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
3[UNE0E WON'T CONSENT
DICK ADAMS SUEPRISED
Does Twenty-Three Mnutes'
Fast Work and Foregoes a
Breathing Spell Between
Boilermaker Wants the Date
Changed So That He Can
Have More Time to Tram
Yaeger Takes $60,000
Out of the Ring
at Gravesend.
Starter Dwyer Recov
ering From Surgi
cal Operation.
First Choices at St.
Louis Run Below
Their Form.
JEFFRIES ASKS
FURTHER TIME
MONROE BOXES
WITHOUT REST
"BIG BILL" KNAPP LANDS A WINNER
ON WHICH HEAVY PLUNGE IS MADE
CHAMPION MAKES TO DELAY THE DATE OF BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL', TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1904.
The preliminary survey Is now being *"*
made to determine the extent and
character of the lands to be thrown
open. For the most Dart It consulate ol
valuable rice and taro lands with a
tract of nearly 1000 acres of grazing
land. All the land has been under
lease, mostly to Hawaiians, and thesa
leases have now expired. The size of
the different homesteads will be reg
ulated by the number of applicants
for the land.
Government Surveyors at Work Do»
terminin? Extent of Lands to
Be Thrown Open.
HONOLULU. May 31. — Government
land will be open for settlement on the;
Island of Kaual within a few months.
SETTLERS SOON" TO IIAVE
CHANCE ON KATJAI ISLAND
JUVENILE PRISONERS
TRY TO BREAK JAlIi
Youngsters Devote Four Hours to
Sawing a Bar — One Sent to
Reform School.
Two boys, Oaniel Bigelow and Jacob
Lafkowitz, aged 15 and 11 years re
spectively, made an effort on Sunday
night to-saw their way to liberty
through the bars of the juvenile prison
at the City Hall. "With a tool such as
railroaders use in cutting rails the
youngsters started to work at 6 o'clock
in the evening and after four hours of
industrious effort they had cut about
one-quarter of an inch into one of the
bars in the window facing Larkin
street. Then the saw broke and they
gave up in disgust. With the two boys
In prison was another named Henry
Wagner, whom they threatened with
violence if he should betray their de
sign to gain freedom.
The affair was explained to Judge
Murasky, who committed the Blgelovr
boy to the Preston School of Industry
at lone, while the mother of Lafko
witz took her son out on bail.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. I
t SKIN DISEASES
THe Outcropping of Bad Blood.
i»^2ilA« nOt w^P? Painful are aggravating beyond
expression. With few exceptions they are worse in spring
S?« S 2^ me I- when "* s y st em begins to thaw out and the
53i£i^!2?* and making extra cfforts to **»* off **<
™*« ilS?* a™ acc * m^ated during the winter months
ceivable kind *££*£ *** - d «**»¦ of ««* c0 °
pearance, and "Eczema and s. s. a i> •. b-JSh 11 ™^*^ 10 '"^ 1 ? 11 ** ?l 190 h
Tetter-the twin terrors of nou.fai! \h%^n^ S^lS*^utltVniou
skin diseas'es^ — Nettle Rash, * iv * ¦treneth to the system and ton© to »llth«
Poison Oakland Iw and ?2^&^^*^ 1^g&'g$Z
Snch other Skin troubles as an excellent blood purifier. For months I wa
usually remain quiet during toronbled with an itchingr skin eruption on th-
alresn to torment and dis- seemed to relieve. I am now comparatively fee,
tract by their fearful burn* of this eruption. I think a gTsat deal of you
ing, itching and stineino- yedicine, beliavine it to be the best blood pnxi
/a -JL. *o c i o 1 T K Mt Her and tonic known to the world to-day.
* A course of S. 5. S. now will mts. fbakk hosnek,
purify and enrich the blood, 1330 East Seventh St.
Sm m [ am— reinforce and tone up the general system, an«
|^H iC^ carry off the bodily impurities through the prope
V^^\ c^a 1111^ 3 - Tk e skin, with good blood to nourish it
I^^V remains smooth and free of all disfiguring eruptions
'-.V Send for our book on diseases of the skin, and writ
us if you desire n>«dical advice or any special information. This will cos
you nothing. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA
i MEN, I HAVE THE CURE! J
|? , I want to talk to men who have pains *H
j t Jtt&^S r £&&K^K. an< * ac he8, who feel run down physically, n
1 1 Tino realize that the old "flre" and energy p|
N JoggaSg?SSl3gUS«V which was so evident In youth Is absent E3
1] mffifS&Sr^'^ t4 now; men who can't stand the amount Uk
M *SB§31r la. °* e xer tlon they could years ago. I want n
i | 4sJRr>sSf t« you — 1* that means you — to see what I fei
fl BSSHBkUl. WS have done for others who were Just as B
IJ I f^'ttfnSSk I? had 0jI# That's my introduction. If a f
jLt WJzSSSff&SRpL __.lW friend in whom you had confidence pre- El
\) WKSfrBviimSSmtk r'^BPr sented some one to you and said, "Jack, §1
if 'aHHB}£g«yi»3B f -fFSg here's Brown; he has made good with M
JJ UJ gfci W?1Ufni HI i>r * me, and I trust him," wouldn't you trust |
II *s him. too? If you will tell me where you I
ft lkxdfcSHfc - A«.v are * v?lll give you the name of a man el
f; lV<35fcnag|r' * n your own town whom I have cured, ij
P I Will Pay $1000 Forfeit g
?< '/gH^l: ' i-"r ' <§Vt3S * r ° r a case °* Nervous Debility, Varl- I
!'¦ tj^a^/^-gpWJKtKgB cocele, Rheumatism, Lame Back, Lum- 11
<" *A * ''THHBSffiifWfM' bago. Sciatica, any case of Kidney Dis- |
It ¦ fS\ ease that has not gone as far as Bright's E
p MggiW. g tt£'"- jgjk Disease; Indigestion. Constipation, or any i
,, jStsSSa^w f^^5*Tl^^ weakness which I cannot cure with my Eg
| - jm^ffi^^PTHBirETr-iniP**^- new Improved Electric Belt, the marvel E|
n °* electricians, the most wonderful cur- S
|1 XS£S^?2ss*5S5c'ffipflBS8^Kw ative device that has ever been Intro- si
J ' V^^^^V^X^^^^S^ 1 duced. This Belt is complete with Free |
If This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct and cures all weak- H
:* nesses of men, varlcocele. etc. It develops and expands all weak nerves ij
I , and checks a loss of vitality. No case of Falling Vigor, Varlcocele or De- n
1 3 bility can resist this powerful Electric Attachment. It never fails to cure. E
n Mr. E. F. Lehman, Hooker, Ca.1., writes, March 11: "The feeling of desponden- H
[ « cy Je cone and I have perfect confidence In myself now. I'm a well man." - H
\\ No man should be weak, no man should suffer the loss of that vital- N
H ity which renders life worth living. No man should allow himself to g
F* become less a man than nature intended him. no man should suffer when Hi
S j there Is at hand a certain cure for his weakness. ' fl
I - My Electric Belt, with special Electric Suspensory, will restore your ¦
I \ power. It will check all loss of vital power and affects every organ of K
a the body. El
l\ Mr. W. F. QaJte. Ileno, Nev., writes, March 10: "Tonr Belt cured mt after I H
et hni epent $1000 In useless doctoring." . m
n I have cured thousanus of men who have squandered the savings of B
£j years in useless doctoring. CJ
I* An old man of "0 cays he feels as strong and young as he did at' 35. g
B That shows it renews the vigor of youth. It cures Rheumatism, Sciatic ||
»« Pains. Lumbago, Kidney Trouble, Banishes pain in a night, never to f
(J CDPP ROOK" Try my Belt. Write, me to-day for my. beautiful K
H r»CI-.Cr UUUIV illustrated book, with cuts showing how my Belt is I
M applied, full of good readnig matter for. men who want to be "The Noblest E
H Work of God" — A MAN. Inclose this ad. and I will Bend this book, sealed. |
i\ CALL TO-DAT— If you can, call and see me and I will show you how E
|| you can be cured and give you a free test of my Belt. CONSULTATION K
I Dp M C. McI aus-hlin 906 ¦Market St. I
n OSce Eours: 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sunday*, 10 to 1. Seattle Office, 105 f
y Columbia, St. X«oi Angrelei, 129 South Spring Street. ||Many a man and woman are married
and live happily even after securing a
divorce. I
CAXiX. sjubscribara contemplating- a
chanare of residence dnrlnar the rammer
months can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify
ing . TEE CALL Business v Offlce. This
paper will "also b« on sale at all rammer
resorts and Is represented by a local
asrent In all towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
Profeasor Charles Keeler lectured at
the Academy of Sciences Hall last
night, choosing for hi8 subject "Nature
Study and Its Relation to Life and
Art." He stated that observation
should be the keynote of early educa
tion.
Communing with nature would al
ways result In improvement to mind
and body. He condemned the killing
of birds and said that the women were
largely responsible for the wanton de
struction of the songsters of the for
est in order that they might bedeck
themselves with their beautiful plum
age.
He also believed in the preservation
of our forests. He eaid the destruc
tion of some of the grandest trees we
have on this coast proved that at the
present time everything was subor
dinated to commercialism.
A large audience applauded his re
marks.
CJIAKLKS KEKLEIl LECTUKS
AT ACADEMY OF SCIENCES
Attorney George D. Collins applied
for a writ of mandate before Judge
Lawlor yesterday to compel Police
Judge Cabaniss to proceed with the
trial of Blanche Rey, one of the In
matea at 1129 Dupont street, charged
with vagrancy, without the presence
of the defendant. The District Attor
ney interposed a demurrer,, which was
sustained, by the Judge, who said that
a defendant in a misdemeanor case
must be present at the commencement
of the trial, but may absent himself
or herself thereafter.
Ijtuvlor Lays Down the Law.
John Carter was instructed and ar
raigned before Judge : Fritz on a
charge of assaulting with intent to rob
J. Graham,' a waiter "at Market and
Kearny streets, early yesterday morn
ing. Graham stated that Carter and
two other men attacked him from be
hind and Carter thrust a hand into his
pocket- • He ran " away, shouting for
help, and Patrolman Crowley arrested
Carter. The case will be heard to-!
morrow*. % • _ .
Dan Danbrowski, who tends bar on
Minna street, wandered north of the
slot last Sunday evening and dropped
into Frank Hoffman's saloon on Kear
ny street, where he insisted on being
allowed to gamble with dice for
money wagers. Mr. Hoffman, who
was tapping a keg of beer, resolutely
objected and the ensuing argument
was brought to a finish by Mr. Dan
browski receiving a severe blow upon
the head from a hammer in the hand
of lit Hoffman. Case heard by Judge
Cabaniss and dismissed on the ground
that Mr. Hoffman was justified in pre
venting violation of the antl-gamlng
ordinance on his premises.
"I'm sick and tired of being pinched
every time I put my nose out o'doors,"
said Lottie Gonzales to Judge Mogan,
"and if you let me go. I'll <juif the
town and go to my sister at' San Jose."
"You have told me that same thing
so often that I am beginning to doubt
your sincerity, Miss Gonzales," re
sponded his Honor, "but I'll keep you
in suspense till to-morrow as to
whether you will go to Santa Clara
County or the San Francipco County
Jail."
It was Miss Gonzales* third "pinch
ing" within a month.
There are three distinct charges of
robbery against H-rry Singer, who is
alleged to have obtained admittance
to dwellings by falsely representing
himself to be a book agent and then
to have pilfered portable property.
His accusers are Alice J. Smith of 410
Octavla street, Mary Slmmonds of 816
Valencia street and Laura Cogill of
1292 Turk street- Judge Mogan will
hear the case on June 10, by which
time the defendant says he will have
obtained money from St. Louis to pay
for his defense.
Ah Him, a gigantic Chinese lunatic,
whose particular hallucination is that
the Hall of Justice is his ancestral
castle and Portsmouth Square his
hunting park, was given three months
by Judge Fritz. When out of jail Ah
Him refuses to work, but in prison he
is a mervel of industry. Bailiff Con-
Ian promised to see that the unfor
tunate Celestial's imagined property
is not tampered with by vandal hands
during his incarceration.
William Burns, an ex-fireman, was
unable to explain what prompted him
to turn in a false alarm from the box
at Eddy and Taylor streets and there
by convey unnecessary terror to the
notoriously timorous feminine resi
dents of the neighborhood. "Thirty
days," said Judge Cabarnss. "And
that's no false alarm," quoth Prose
cuting Attorney Hanlan.
Sixteen-year-old Lawrence E.
Wahnd, son of respectable parents of
Los Angeles, called on his old friend
P. E. Lowe, an electrician, at 623 How
ard street and found him coatless and
in the act of shaving himself. The
boy's visit was unusually brief and
when Mr. Lowe finished his shave and
donned his coat he found that a purse
containing ?20 had been abstracted
Trom a pocket of the garment. The
case was given to Policeman Groat,
who arrested Master Wahnd on San
some street and found the purse and
money in his possession. The lad con
fessed guilt to Judge Cabanlss, who
took the case under advisement.
Mr. and Mrs. John Mowrie will be
tried before Judge Mogan to-day on a
charge of battery. r The man is a team
ster and his wife Is employed in a Pa
cific street dance hall, apparently with
his consent and certainly with his
knowledge. She spat in the face of a
young man who declined her invitation
to dance and his mild protest against
the salivary rebuke was rewarded
with a blow on his mouth from the
brawny husband's fist. An additional
charge of vagrancy is likely to be en
tered against the woman.
Warner Granloaf, a ship carpenter,
was drinking with John J. Mangin,
Louis "Wilkins and Michael Brennan
In an East street saloon when he sud
denly told them he wanted to go out
and sret some money and requested
them to await his return. He returned,
but accompanying him were a couple
of policemen and he had the three men
arrested and charged with robbing him
of 15 cents. When the case was called
in Judge Mogan's court Granloaf failed
to appear and a bench warrant was
issued for his arrest.
Thomas Horgan eluded imprison
ment by taking an appeal and furnish
ing a bond when Judge Mogan sen
tenced him to six months for wife
beating, but four weeks later he again
assaulted his better half and was ar
rested. Now he is in jail and will prob
ably stay there until he has served
out the remaining five months of his
original sentence.
and "William Flanagan, small boys,
were "cutting up" on Bryant street, be
tween Tenth and Eleventh, late Satur
day night, by softly stealing up stair
wayB of apartment houses, screaming
"murder" and "fire" and running down
with great noise. This entertainment
was occasionally varied by smashing
empty bottles in hallways and wound
ing the feet of gentlemen who ran out
In alarm and without shoes. The
neighborhood was in a regular frenzy
of excitement and indignation ere the
desperadoes were captured. Judge Mo
gran holds their fate in a balance.
"Ah. you know something about our
nn^ts. then. I must hold you till to
morrow for further inquiry and I hope
ihat in the meantime father's yacht
will not trip her anchor and sail
Arthur Thompson. George Hartwell
away."
She was booked as "Jennie Lind"
and the police pronounced her a new
<>ne to them. She wore a nautical jack
et and cap and her blonde hair was
?=adly frowzled.
"A stranger in our city. Miss Lind?"
remarked Judge Mogran. inquiringly.
""Yes," she replied. "Father's yacht
is anchored at Tiburon and I -came
over to get some necessary supplies."
"The policeman says he found you
early Sunday morning loitering at
Keamy and Clay etreets and that you
appeared to be intoxicated."
"He found me at Kearny and Sacra
mento streets and I was not intoxi
cated."
Judge Mogan has the case under
advisement and the defendant's attor
nrys are deluging him with authorities
to prove that the police board is au
thorized to supervise and control the
liquor trade only and not every line
of business that the Supervisors may
levy license apon. More arguments
will be heard on June 13.
Ordinance No. 168 permits the Board
of Police Commissioners to enforce the
collection of license from dealers in all
kinds of second-hand goods with the
exception of furniture, and P. J. Neu
inan, who deals in second-hand hard
ware at 724 Howard street, claims that
the ordinance is class legislation and
therefore unconstitutional. He was ar
rested for doing business without a
Uoe nse.
In his own defense Mr. Beattie, with
carefully lubricated hair parted in the
middle and diRclosing: merely a streak
jf forehead, stated that Mr. Sparovich
was a willing, not to say eager, pur
haser, despite the fact that he (Mr.
s.) could neither utter nor understand
Knglish, even as she is spoke on the
.vater front. Mr. Goldstein also averred
thai Mr. Sparovfch was treated with
extreme mercantile courtesy from be
ginning to end of the transaction. To
have returned his money would have
beeai a violation of the tenets of the
trade. Mr. Goldstein added.
"I'll take this case under advisement
till to-morrow." eaid the Judge, '"and
1 would suggest that in the meantime
the money alleged to have been taken
from the complainant be restored to
h5m and that he return the watch and
< liain. which he has already offered to
do. Far be it from the intention of this
couxt to throttle the spirit of com
mercial energy that has made this na
tion what it i?, but at the same time
there is a limit to commercial legiti
macy which, I believe, has been over
stepped by this defendant. There is
a well defined law of commerce which
says that it takes at least jwo to make
?. trade, and in this case the evidence
thows that there- was only one and
that one not the complainant. I again
hint that it would be well to return to
this unsophisticated foreigner the
money he declares he did not willingly
spend."
"Rush sales and large profits" was
evidently the motto adhered to by
Julius Goldstein, retail Jeweler, at 30
Kast street south. In the court of
Police Judgre Mogan yesterday Mr.
Goldstein testified that a watch and
rhain for which he paid $3 were sold
by him for $12 60, and tnat the latter
transaction did not consume more than
rive minutes by the ferry depot clock.
Graco Sparovich, a Slavonian, was
the person from whom Mr. Qoldstein
obtained the $12 60, and through an in
terpreter Mr. Eparovich told of how
it came to happen. He was passing the
•Joldstoin store, he eaid. and incident
ally glanced at the show window,
which was fairly aglitter with
jewels and gems, when he was
t-cized by Thomas Beattie, "side
walk worker," who rushed him in
side and there inserted the watch and
chain in one pocket, deftly abstracted
the $12 60 from another, escorted him
to the door* and cordially invited him
to come asain. When he recovered
frum the daze into which he had been
cast by such rapid-transit commer
cialism Mr. Sparovich demanded a re
turn of his money, but was laughed to
scorn. Then he caused the arrest of
Mr. Boattie.
Watch and Chain That Cost Him Three Dol
lars Are Disposed Of to an Unsophisticated
Slavonian for Four Times That Price
WATER FRONT JEWELER
DOES A RUSHING TRADE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE- 7, 1904.
11
Bartlett
Springs
Ask those who have been to BART-
LETT why so many go there year
after year? And they will tell you
that the preat magnet that draws the
people to the Springs is the wonder-
ful HARTLETT WATER.
Thosg suffering with liver, kidney,
bladder, 1 stomach, malarial, rheu-
matic, etc., troubles ¦will be helped by
coming to Bartlett and drinking the
mineral waters and bathing in the
soda-magnesia water.
Resident physician, manager of
amusements, masseurs and a flne ta-
ble at Bartlett.
Rat*>s — Hotel. $12.00 to $17.50 per
wefk. Housekeeping cottages, $3.00
to $15.00 a week.
Write J. E. McMAHAN. Bartlett
Springs. Gal., or call at 2 Sutter st..
San Francisco.
GRAND OPENING
and Dedication of the Exten-
sive Beach Improvements at
Saturday Ev'ng.June 1 1
Grand Fireworks Dlaplay by California
Fireworks Co. Brilliant Electrical Illu-
minations of Pac'flc Ave. and Esplanade,..
Neptune Casino, Plunge Baths and Pleas-
ure Pier. Third Artillery Band, U. S. A..
Concert and Ball.
Special Excursions via S. P. Ry
Santa Gatalina Island
:;'i Hours From Los Angeles. Season 11)04.
Our Famous Marine Band.
"Hunting mountain goat, sailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and the finest fishing on the
coast.
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tents at reason-
able rates.
Hotel MetroBole.
Modern in ell particulars.
For further information &ddre«s
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU. 11
Montgomery st., or BANNING CO., 222 S.
Spring «t., t,os Amreles.
O IS A /*/"*O HOT Springs, sonoma
uKnUUV CO UNTY; culy 4% hours
from San Francisco and
1 ""^ — """^ — but 9 mllee staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath In State; boating and
swimming In Warm Spring Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and San Frnnclsco morning and evening
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL. AND STAGE
SF.RVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from San FranciMco only $5 50. Take
Tiburon ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates J2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
gucrt of the past nine years. Patronage of
lflOS unprecedented. Information at Tourirt In-
formation Bureau. 11 Montgomery St.. or of
J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs, Cat.
AW li A II Hot K l lr)n B»: o" "ne South.
IIVIJIIIU * rn Pac'nc; 2ft hours from
K I K I I IU '"*" 3 trains
II 1 111 dM "y- luxurious mineral
Lf I llUll and mud baths; hotel
unique in cuisine service
and appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bureau, 613 Market st.. Peek's Bureau, It
Montgomery st., or H. R. WARNER, Byron
Hot Springs. Cal
Harbin Springs
Most desirable In Lake Co.; contains sulphur.
Iron, magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver ami stomach
troubles; new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and billiard-room. Acetylene gas
plant, livery, homedaiiy. flne vegetable garden
Rcund trip tickets. 8. P. offlce, $7. J. A.
HAYS, Proprietor.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving S. F.
at 8:05 p. m. Returning, connects at Truckee
with train reaching S. F. at 7:50 a. m.
tuxeIdo hotel.
Extensively Improved since last season.
Opened April 1. THOS. L. BELL. Mgr., Felton,
Cal. Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
foot of Market street. 1 Round trip, $3.00.
N. 8. R. B. TOCALOMfl Miria C».
Bertrand Hotel; firkt.class accommodations;
special rates for familUa and nnrtlcH; fishing,
hunting, boating, bathing; beautiful drives to
Bear Valley: telephone. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND. or Bulletin Offlce. every Thursday, 2
to 4 n. m.
ADVXUTISEilZirTS.
Agreeable soap for the
hands is one that dissolves
quickly, vrashes quickly,
rinses quickly, and leaves
the skin soft and comfort-
able. It is Pears'. '
Wholesome soap is one
that attacks the dirt but .
not the living skin. It is
Pears'.
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses.
And this is Pears'.
Established over 100 years.
WE DEVELOP
KODAK Films
_S$r 15 c pcrDoz.
up to and including 4x5
ROLL FILM Prices Cut
4x 5 dot 81* ¦¦¦tiortr'ls time to 8uy.
SUNSET BAZAAR.
42 Third St SdnFr^ C( 4co
A\THM/l moved. Healt* rostorwL
rtO I IIIVIrtNo mow Aitsnuor H«
Fever. Book 60 Fr*.
CURED w ?^£r»-x!»
CAZADERO
The Gem of All Northern Retreat*.
Grove, Porest, Glads and Dell.
Crest, Canyon, Hill And Sale.
Knoll, Knob, Peak and Mountain.
The home of the trout and the haunt of th<
deer. Reached over the North Shor* Ry.. vtl
Sauaallto Ferry.
A year ago I leased tnis resort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I have th« pleasure t«
tell you that, owing to last season'* big and
unprecedented partonage, I have purchased this
magnificent domain of over 1200 acTes. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop-
erties. Insuring the best of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building containing a bowling alley hat
been added also a new tennis court, and boat-
ing and bathing on the river, all free to gue«tJ.
Free camping grounds in the Caaadero giant
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rule* must be complied with.
Lots, one-quarter acre, for sale, from $101
up. and cottages built to suit at city figures.
Take Sausalito Ferry via North Shore Rail-
road Round trip good for nix months. $3 73.
Round trip. Friday till Monday. $1; no stag-
ing; depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages. $2 per day: $10 to $14 per week; special
rate by the month.
For particulars other than herein given write
' J J. THIRION. ower anrt manager. Hotel dej
Cazadero Sonoma Co.. Cal.. or North Short
R. R. offlce. 629 Market st.. San Francisco.
VACATION 1904
IS HOW READY FOR DISTRIBUTION.
"VACATION" is issued an- „
nually by the
California Northwestern R'y
THE FICTUSESQUS ROCTC 07 CAL 17 OHM A.
and is the standard publication
on the Pacific Coast for lnforma-
. tion regarding:
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
/ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
This year's edition. "Vacation
1904," contains over 150 pages.
\ beautifully illustrated, and is
complete in its detailed Informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc.. with
Urms from y.00 per week up.
To be had at Ticket Offices. 650 M.irk-t
Street (Chrcnlcle BulMing>. and Tiburon Ferry,
foot of Market Street: General Offlce. Mutual
Life Building, corner of Sansome and California
Streets. San Francisco; in Oakland at 873
Broadway.
Applications by Mail Will Heceiv* la-
mediate Response.
JAS L. FRAZIER, Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass'r Agent.
CA.KPBEI.I. EOT SPBINOS.
In Sierra Nevada Mountains, Sierra County,
6000 feet elevation. Are beautifully located
at the head of the great Sierra Valley, M
miles long by 5 miles wide, surrounding which
is the great primeval forest of pine and nr. A
specialty is made of the table. The hot spring*
are unequaled for the cure of rheumatism,
gout, liver and kidney complaints and all bloosj
and skin diseases. Rates for room and board.
%VZ to $14 per week, Round trip from San
Krarcizco to springs via Boca. $14 3O. Stage
daily except Sunday, connecting with 0 p. m.
train from San Francisco.
TAHOE TAVEBH — Situated on tha
shores of Lake Tahoe, the largest and most
beautiful body of water in the world at this
elevation Is now open for the accommodation
of guests. The tavern will be conducted this
season by Mr. F. W. Richardson, manager of
California's famous mission hotel. The Olen-
wood. Riverside which in sufficient guarantee
that it will be strictly first class. The tabla
will be supplied with all delicacies of the sea-
son, while fishermen will be constantly em-
ployed to furnish lake trout. For rates address
F. W. RICHARDSON.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hooland to Bartlett Springs,
rla Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
anJ Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at Hocland. Leav? Hopland at 12:.'U>:
arrive at Lakeoort at a:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:."0. New 6-horse 14-passsnger
tourist wagons, with all the most modern Im-
provements. Pats;nsers for Lakeport or Bart-
Mt Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett SPnn< 3
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at ofrU->
of California N. W. Ry.. 6.V> Market M.. or
at Tiburon terry.
MILLER & HOWARD, Props.
WH1T1! SVJ'VaVB. SPKIWOS, Vallejo.
Cal Most accessible springs to San Francisco;
round trio 91. no stage fare; only 2Vi hours'
ride; 5 miles from Vallojo; hot, cold and
plunge sulphur baths: wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and
stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak-»
for boating and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowling alley and ihuffle board. Rates.
$10 a week. Including baths. Addr«ss MAN-
UEL MADRID* Vallejo. Cal.
RUBICON FASX — A delightful resort
on shores of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beac**
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly fishing ant
hunting in season. Beats, fishing tackle an.l
horses at moderate hire. Rates. $2 a day or
from $10 to $16 per week. P. O. and telephone.
A.- L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake .Taho«. Cal.
WHITISrET HOUSZ,
Truckee Cal. The leadinic hotel. Headquar-
ters for tourists and commercial men. Summer
sjid winter resort. Meal station for passen-
gers. Stage for Lakes Independence and Web-
ber. CamDbell Hot Springs and SierraTtll*.
STEWART McXAT. proprietor.
LAEX TASOE.
LAKESIDE PARK. Open May 1. Hotel,
cottages and tents. Popular family resort. De-
lightful camping grounds near steamer linu-
lng. FurnUhed tents to rent. Booklets. Trav-
elers' Bureau, 30 Montgomery st.. or of E. B.
Smith & Co.. Etateline P. O.. CaL ,
"TKB OKOTE,"
Lake Tahoe half a mil* east of Tallae. on
lakj shore: rates $2.00 a. day; $10.00 a week;
meals 60c. Good saddle herses and the best
of livery. Boats free to all guests. J. E.
PARMETER. proprietor. Tallae, Cal.
IilSTOlTEB'S FAXZ, Qnernrrllla.
A resort for your family. Partly turnl*he<*
cottages. $12 per month and up. Tents ao4
platforms. Near Russian River. Board and
room at $7 CO per weak. See PECK'S. 11
Montgomery st- . '
OCC2SE2TTA& HOTEL, EATWAS9S,
First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowilll,
amusement hall, etc. Special rates to families
Terms reasonable. A. OAUDARD. Prop.. »a*m
Black 141. p '
aiVEJtSIDE HOTEL tad' COTTAGES
Near beach; 80 acres beauiiful grounds; spe-
cial rates to families: writ* for booklet. T.
B ARSON. Proprietor. Santa Crux
BELLEVUE HOTEL. SI Veraao, So-
noma C», Cal Termsv $1 day and up; hot
mlneralsprtngs near by. Long distance tala-
phona; daily mafL JOHN SERRE3. Proprietor.
CAMP PISTOLESI. Marin County;
housekeeping cottages $12 p«r month: hotel
rate. $3 per week. •
"lAKB 8KOBS HOUSE — Glen brook.
Ner. Cottages to rent $5 up lst-clas« board, mil Ic
and cream, fresh vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa Crua Mountains:
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
camping. A. J. GIBBS, Mjr.. QlblM, Cftl.
THE GEYSERS
The Most Famous Health and Pleasure
Resort In California.
THE CLIMATE AND -SCENKRY are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged the
best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, - hunting, fishing,
dancing, shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
THE. HOTEL AND COTTAGES have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
flne pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable in connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with the best the
'market affords. Rates, $1(1. $12, $14 and $16
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write .R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Geysers.
Sonoma County, California.
Agua Caliente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic epot; open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
sffcsring: fare $1 10: sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred aliments. Wo have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge'
bathe nnd the largest mineral water swimming
tank in the State. Table and rooms are first
claes. Rates $2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Pack's, 11 Montgomery st.,
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua, Caliente
Springs. Sonoma County, California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can seat 400 guests.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SURF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER
M ARK WEST
"SK?" SPRINGS
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENKR
will manage the springs; many improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day; $10 and $12 week.- Offlce. 833 Larkln
ft., cor. Oeary. or Mark West Springs, Santa
Rosa. Rural No. 6.
1 CAMP CURRY :
Gtt circulars at all railroad offices. ,
? Advertised by 4000 guests. 1
I YOSEMITE ;
• »¦»•• •»•>••• •»•«••»» » « » »
B3L.XJE
Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. WBISMAN, Midlake P. O., Lake Co., Cal.,
or call on Dr. Happersberger, llto Market, S. F.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BY THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND — Santa Cruz County.
REGULAR. SEASON.
Opened May 15 under entirely new man-
agement. Round trip trickets trom San Fran-
cisca $3. For booklet apply Peek's Bureau,
11 Montgomery St.. S. F.. or to WILLIAM Q.
DODGE, Leseee.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, fishing,
boating, launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser In bathhouse, club-
house, etc.. Increased accommodations, modern
conveniences, t Scenery unsurpassed Table a
specialty. Rates per week, $10 to $15. Photos
and Information at Chatfleld &°Vlnzent's. 22S
Montgomery St.. or LER D. CRAIG. Manager,
Soda Bay, Kelseyville P. O., Lake Co., Cal.
LAUREL DELL,
.The Switzerland of America. The only lake
resort that has Its own mineral springs. Boat -
Ing. swimming fishing and hunting. EDGAR
DURNAN. sole proprietor, Laurel Dell P. O.,
Lake County. Cal.
1 RUVIVDC COUNTRY CttTB.
SUMMER RESORT, SPORTSMEN'8 LODGK.
Fourth season. Sierra attractions. California's
largest rainbow hatchery. Finest nshlng. G.
H. FOULKS, Verdi, Nev.. or Nevada block.
San Francisco.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hospital; best equipped on Coast; mod-
ern Improvements; large treatment rooms;
ideal location; !>Vj acres; one block from street
cars; write for literature. San Jose, Cal.
VICHf SPRINCS
Three miles from Uklah, Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal
spring; accommodations and table first class.
J. A. REDEMEYER. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 15. Two miles from Hopltnd.
Fine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $1-' per week.
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
Under new management. Up to date. Beau-
tiful grounds. Running stream and pond with
cood fishing. Playgrounds for children. Free
carriage meets all trains. J. p. CELLA, Mgr.
RFDfiCHFIM Delightfully situated tn the
DCnUjIlCIill Santa Cruz Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $8 per week. For particulars address G.
F. BIEDENWEQ, R. D. 121. Santa Cruz. Cal.
Bathing Suits
20 Post Street
Tusoian
Mineral Springs.
OPEIT EVEBT OAT IN THE TEAB.
TO WHOM IT MAT CONCERN : A year and
three months ago I was attacked with that
terrible disease, locomotor ataxla. Power to
balance, stand, or even sit down, entirely lost.
Two best doctors of San Francisco and Hot
Springs, Ark. failed to h»lp me. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work. I had j
catarrh of stomach, head and bladder as a re-
sult of the disease; these troubles became i
chronic. At times my heart would beat like a
drum, my eyes grew weak, ray memory bad. .
my nerves wrecked. Three- months ago I went j
to Tuscan Springs. What happened since was j
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank the waters, ,
took the baths — after thrrn weeks' treatment i
stomach, bowels, bladder and kidneys in per- 1
fect condition, eyesight perfect, nervousness J
gone, memory good. Aft^r three months' treat- i
ment, walked without a cane, with eyes closed j
and up and down steep hills; am cured of this t
dread 'disease, now walk with slight limp.
Have run stores in seventeen towns of the
State of Calltornia; am well known In down-
town districts of San Francisco; Inquiry thers
will prove truth of my helplesfi condition three
months ago. Further information, address
LOUIS JACOBS B Stockton St., San Francisco,
Cal.
We have hundreds of testimonials from
others. Send fiOc in stamps for bottle of
stomach and catarrh Baits. Round -trip tickets
at reduced rates. Southern .Pacific.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP.,
Tuscan, Cal.
There is shade galore at
AETNA SPRINGS.
Great oaks and pines and
dozens of other kinds.
There are lawns and
gaudy flower beds and
fountains, too. Just send
for booklet. Aetna
Springs Co., Napa Co.,
Cal.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Every one knows that Adams water cures
stomach, liver and kidney diseases.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write to W. R. PRA-
THER.
LAKE COUNTY
New, comfortable carriages direct to the
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line in the State." Leaves Calls-
toga daily (Sundays except»d> at 11:30 a- r.i.,
direct to Harbin. Seigler. Adams. Howard. An-
derson, Hob«rgs. Spiers. Astorgs and Glen-
brook; half hour for lunch at Calistoga; also to
Middletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyville and
Lakeport. Livery In connection
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
Hotel EL GARMELQ
Pacific Grove. California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with -home comforts.
The place to spend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board }'£ 50 a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Send fcr illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDY, Manager.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on Jhe Russian River
below Guemeville In a grove a mile and a half
loitfc. skirting the river; tennis cou. t*; 40 new
boats; will build a dam in the riv-r; 4 miles
of smooth water for boating nnd bathing.
Adults %'i per day. $10 per week; children
under 10 half ratex. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
PIUS, Camp Vacation, "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County. Cal.
White Sulphur Springs
!¦ "o • ta Rosa, Cal.
A quiet and refined family resort In a secluded
spot two and a half miles from the City of
Rosfcs: beautiful grounds; mountain climbing
and dnvlnz: all kinds of amusements; water
and bath unexcelled as tonic and restorative;
21^ hours' ride from fan Francisco via Tiburon
ferry; bus meets trains: $8 per week and up;
send for booklet; telephone White Sulphur,
P. O. box 105. »->'
H. A. D. FLEMING, Proprietor.
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management; no staging; depot on
grounds; phone; fare $2 40; Tiburon ferry:
rates $10 to 1 15 week; table first cla.*s; our
own dairy: hot mineral baths; swimming tank;
Mvery; billiards; croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery st.. or BARKER St
'ROSS. Lytton Springs. Sonoma County, Cal.
THE TALLAC £ifS E
Now open. The Summer Resort of America.
European plan only. Cafe first class. Prices rea-
sonable. Resident physician. No consumptives.
Pamphlets at S. P. office, 813 Market street.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO., Tallac. Cal.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cms Mountains.
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery, or S. P. Co., 613 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prop., Ben Lomond, Cal.
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health and pleasure
resort Is now open for tbe patronage of tha
public. Address JOHN JACOBS.
BROCKW/W
Lake Tahoe.
OPENS JUNE 1st.
Write FRANK B. ALVERSON. Mgr..
•'. Brockway. Cal.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Open June 1, new hotel; large dining-room,
telephone, hunting, fishing, swimming, bowl-
Ing, dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau,
30 Montgomery tu DR. W. A. McCORNACK.
proprietor. . .-
. _ . _ _._. Menlo Park, one hour from
IIAITT9O dty. Nine trains daily, per-
HI I \ fect climate,; beautiful place:
1 1 VI I I V comfort and quiet; excellent
.- table.
Address W.J.MEREDITU. Mgr.. Holtfs School.
OwBSraerHoisiSsTnomaco. CamnMemr
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling $10
up; cottages built by Meeker. «5O up; depot;
stores: restaurant; hotel; 1 post and express;
telephone; sawmill; 00U lots sold; 300 cottages
built. Sausalito ferry. N. S. R. R. M. C.
MEEKER. Camp Meeker, Sonoma, County.
nCCD DiDIf IWV an<1 cottages; 0 milts from
lICCK lAKK inn Lake Tahoe; open June 1;
elevation 6507 feet; mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Offlce. 30 Montgomery st.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. Cal.
MONTE RIO— Cottage of 3 rooms, netr depot,
completely furnished for housekeeping for
. ~ rent. Apply O. S1MONSON", Monte Rio, So-
noma County. ' • • • ' ,
. • ¦ " ; ¦' --^"
WHY NOT TRY
r-JighldQd
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE
Springs
—
WS OFFER YOU THE BEST OF MINERAL,
waters, accommodations and service.
Table unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished, light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All the popular sports and amusements. Liv-
ery, telephone and postofflce.
Shortest route and cheapest 'are to Lake .
County. Moet centrally situated. Delightful
excumlons on Clear I^ake and to other resorts.
Make your reservations now.
TERMS — $10 to *17 50 per week. For Book-
let, etc., call on our agent. H. R. DUFFIN,
63S Market street, or addreis ;
' CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs, Cal.
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs san Lu c s a! ObISP0 '
The most Ideal res<wt for pleasure and
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs, San Luig
Obispo. Cal.. and return. Including stage
to and from xprlngs and one week's
board for fSJO.OO to f22.<>», according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations ?fMM) to fJJS.OO per week.
Scenic surroundings. free bathing,
boating and fishing on grounds. . Fine
Fhady walks, tennis and croquet grounds.
dance pavilion for guests. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table Is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Oblgpo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This is no hospital or sanatorium.
1 1 Situated in Vendome Park ' of 12 |
|| acres, a charming summer resort: |
IB both city and country advantages: E
IS automobile garage on the grounds F
ES tret to guests. Bathing pavilion, P
\m bowling alley's, tennis, etc. New F "*
B auto road map of the k«C%t •
H county mailed on ap-
ft J U T* U BROOK3. t^^^T^PI
B4 Manaeer. J^^^^^f^f
PARAISO SPRINGS
Monterey County, Cal.
The moat popular sanitary and health
resort In California. Completely renovated
and improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot Foda and sulphur baths, large
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to F. W.
SCHR.OEDER, Manager, or PncK"S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU, 11 Montgomery st.
LA HONDA AND PBSCADERO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; 9
a. m train. 3d and Townsend. and 9:20 a. m.
train' from San Jose connect with stages direct.
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City,
Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswlck. Sisklyou County, California.
Write to EPSON BROS. \ tor Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery St., or at J.
MARTENS, Bachelor P. O., Lake Co., Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
-.Fishing: boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee. in an unbroken
forest. For information inquire at Traveler
office. 30 Montgomery St.. Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. II. M. Clemons, Truckee, Cal.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved; 1000 feet altitude; no
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable,
garden; hot,' cold baths; spring water; cement
swimming tank, 40x80. Rates $8 week up; stage
meets train. Schuler & Scheben, Nafa, Cal.
Byi^ .\v\jBIm Awning*^ Tf am modes,
ESsSGAsEesSJ W. A. FZ.U&CMCS.
- ' - " Ttl. Main 549, 111 Clay st.
johMnnisbbrg.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, nshlng, swimming, boat-
ing; $10 and $12 per week. TUEO. BLANCK-
ENBURG JR.. Prop.. Oakville, Napa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
MOUNTAIN VIEW BANCH HOTEIi
I"*an'J cottages," In the mountains, near Santa
Crui First-class table and accom., gaa, baths,
phene dally I mail, bowling, croquet, amuse-
rii"nts"; t#rms. *9 up. Campers to Glenwood. Inc.
catrlay*. |3 75 round trip. FREDERICKSEN
A SIJTTON. sue'* to F. R. DUNN. Santa Crui.
T f attr-et. GBOVE PASS— Children's
resort during summer vacation; best of home
care; beautiful grounds: climate perfect; fresh
milk and egg«: open June 1; terms $3 per
week. MRS. O. ,W. NICHOLS, Dlmond P. O..
Fruitvale.
• - ¦ BEDWOOS VHi31&. RESOBT.
Excellent beard, home cooking; tent ground.
If des'rtd. with board. $5. Room and board IS
to *10. Best hunting and fishing. MRS. A. L.
ACKERMAN. La Honda, San Mateo County.
WALL SPRINGS — On Guemeville
branch Cal. N. W. H. R.. Sonoma Co.; phpne;
pavilion; bus meets morning train; hot sulphur
baths; circulars. MRS. C. N. MEREDITH,
Prop., Heald»burg, R. D. 1.
SCHAEPEB'S GBOVE-EOSS 7A1IEY.
Private boarding; terms reasonable. Team
meets Sunday morning trains. Address MKs>.
MATT LINDSAT. Ross Station.
W ILLOW RANCH, delightfully located in
» » redwoods 5 miles from Santa Cruz. Spring
water, fruit, milk, excellent table; dally mall;;
free conveyance; (7 week; phone Suburban 87. :
>iR3. W. CRANDELL. Santa Cruz. Cal.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; JUNE 7, 1904.
12
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE.
A GOOD and honeBt boy, with first-class ref-
erences, who is an experienced elevator op-
erator, wants a situation. Address box 2571,
Call office.
MAN and wife;, young: man experienced
coachman ; can do gardening, etc. ; wife is a
good cook; city references; city or suburbs.
Box 2570. Call office.
YOUNO man wants position as man about
.place or housework. Box 252S, Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by experienced man as foot-
man: thoroughly understands care of horses;
private family. *tox 4fS. Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detaller, 18 years experience mining,
stationary, marine, wants position or work
at home. Box 2081. Call.
A YOUNG colored man would like a place In
private family as coachman or would like a
place as janitor: can give the best of refer-
ences. Box 2007. Call office^ -
MAN and wife want to take charge of an
apartment- house or hotel: city or country;
good references as to reliability. Box 365,
Call offlce.
A TEMPERANCE coachman, gardener, can
milk desires work, prlvau family; good ref-
erences If required; state wages. 120A Eddy
at.7^ room 7.
POSITION wanted by middle-aged man aa
night watchman: wholesale bouse; reference.
Address B. HESS. 250* Fulton st.
A FIRST-CLASS meat and pastry cook wishes
position In private boarding houee. Box
2014. Call offlce. .
GARDENER (Dane) wants situation: best of
references. Address FRED THOMSEN, San
Mateo. Cal.
ACTIVE man. middle-ag«. sober, trustworthy,
wants work; Is all-round handy man; wages
120. Box 2522. Call.
A POSITION wanted by a young man of 28 as
porter tn wholesale house; best of references.
Box 2821. Call.
A GOOD all-round painter and decorator will
work reasonable; tools furnished. Box 2059,
Call offlce.
YOUNG German (2 j-ears in this State) wants
employment during evening hours; knows
bookkeeping and typewriting. Box 2518. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horsas and
tools wants light work; no milking; $10 per
month If good home. H. W., 241 Natoma st.
Painter, paper-hanger, signwriter, wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom St.; phone Mint 131.
AN npholsterer wants work. 845 Elm ave.
AN experienced Japanese gardener wants a
position. D. 8.. 319 Devlsadero st.
CHINESE first-class cook .wants a family
place: city; very good referencts. Address
box 2525. Call, or phone <bet. 10 and 12
o'clock) China 146.
JAPANESE couole want situation: man good
cook; wife to do general housework: family
or hotel. Address HIRO. 448 Natoma st.
JAPANESE!, first-class waiter and housework,
wants position tn family; has good experi-
ence. H. Y.. 10 Chelsea place, oft Bush st.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school
boy. ITO. 1544 Polk st.
JAPANESE competent cook wants position as
schoolboy In small family. Box 20C2. Call.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All deslrabla vacant houses and flats »r» list-
ed In our free renting department: over 10OO
In number; a combined list from, all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to l«t; an immensa list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will sav* you tlma and
trouble. Cordes Fumltur* Co.. 245-23*
Geary st, on the square.
VAN NESS ave., 631 — Most elegant corner
flat in city to lease; private family only:
rent $SS: open 11 a. m. to 4 p. m. Apply
on premises or to BALDWIN & HOWELL.
BRODERICK. 1433, nr. Post— $30: 6-room flat,
with 4 nice chambers tn attic: new porcejaln.
open plumbing; sun every rm. Tel. Scott 4341.
CENTRAL ave.. 67. nr. Waller — Rent reduced;
ninny, upper up-to-date flat: 6 large rooms,
bath; must be reen to be appreciated. $30.
A FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; rent $13. 1650
Page st.
BRODERICK. 220. near Oak— Modern "flat of 6
rooms, bath and servant's room; grand view
from every room; rent J32 BO.
NINETEENTH and Castro sts.. NTW. cor. — Sun
all day; upper fiat; 7 rooms and bath;
modern; $30.
NOE. 1054. corner Elizabeth — 8 sunny rooms;
new; yard, basement; convenient to Twenty-
fourth and Castro cars; reasonable.
A— PRETTILY furnished flat. Inquire 1805
Btelner st.
HARRIET. ©4, near Sixth— Flat 8 rooms, up-
stairs; ?2S a month.
LAKE. 740-742— New flats, 8 rooms each; rent
f2r.-J.10; flne view.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
LOWER flat, 110 and 114, and upper flat, 118
Perry St.. near Third; water and ashes free.
MCALLISTER. 1941— To let. 5 rooms and bat£
partly furnished, or will sell; rent cheap.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3241. near Mission— Five
sunny rooms and bath.
VALLEJO. 1608 — 7 rooms; second srtory upper
flat;<marine view; $35. . .
WALLER. 1311— House of 9 rooms; billiard-
room; bath; heater; modern; $50.
$35— MODERN flat of 0 rooms. 1303^ Waller
»t.. near Masonic ave.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
$25 to $35 — The Lorenzo. 41 Octavia St.; re-
duced rstes: well furnished; best lighted;
most conveniences; walking distance, but 3
car linen if wanted; 3 and 4 room suites.
CAPP. 614 — Furnished 5-room flat; piano;
gas and coal stove. Call bet. II and 4.
ELLIS, 1110 — Furnished flat. 7 rooms and at-
tic; rent low; refs. Phone Stelner 242.
OAK. 1183, panhandle — Flat. 4 rooms, or housa
of 7 rooms, bath, phone, garden; $25 to $10.
SUNNY 6-room lower flat. $13. 4230A Twen-
tieth st.. near Castro. I
NEW fiat: 6 rooms; desirable location. CaU at
727- Hyde st.. near Post. 3 to 5 p. m.
BEAUTIFUL 4 -room flat, completely fur. hse.-
kpng. ; piano; no children; $23. 332 Hayes.
FLATS FOR SALE — FVRXISHED.
SEVEN-ROOM flat; new furniture; renT"$40:
water free; sunlight all rooms; will sell this
week for $450; a sacrifice; worth SSOO. 1124
Fillmore st.
FIRMTIIIE FOR SALE.
ANDERSON Auction House at 19 Turk st..' nr.
Market, for furniture and everything for th«
house at lowest prices.
YOU can buy $75 worth of' furniture for $7 50
down and $1 N> per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co. .140 Post St.. near Powell.
FOR SALE — Reasonable., furniture of 8-roora
flat; everything new and clean; no dealers.
• Bex 043, Call offlgfr
FURNITUKE of 7 rooms for sale cheap; rent
$35. 157 Ninth st.
AN elegantly furnished flat of o rooms for
sale. Box 555. Call.
FOR SALE — Furniture for five rooms la stor-
age at present. Box 572. Call office.
FOR SALE — Furniture of a six-room flat.
Box 184, Call offlce.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger, 430 Valencia.' nr.16th.Tel. Church 3879
CHEAPEST place, in city for second-hand fur-
niture. 9S6 Geary st. Tel. Polk 1477.
Fl'RMTt'RB WASTED. "
~~~" ABE LEVT.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets. offlc» fur-
nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY St CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.carpets. etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bu»h 413.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to /,
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now: 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; portions guaran-
teed at (10 per week up; leading school In
. .West. 233 Geary an., room 13.
JOIIX D. SlMtHClvKLS. . . - Proprk'tor
AdJr«35 <¦- u:rnur.icatio3i> to
W. J. MABTIIC Business Manager
TLIX l>OLl-\nS IlEWAKD.
Xotify T.V- Call Oflicc if You 5Ik«
Your Paitcr.
It tax azy cacse THE CAZ.Ii i» not fie- .
llvered rc2r:!2.rly to »u.tscriber» pleas s i
caU up "CALL rSCSASGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk is. ciarye. Your com-
plaint u-Ul -scii-re prompt retention.
A &t:-rr.ir.t, tevarS cT t?cn ScUars
<S10.00) is offered for tic crrcst ani
coavtcticii of aay cae ca-r'-it stealisff
THE CAXL. :
TELEPHONE-
Ask for THi CALL. T!ie Operator Will Con-
nect You W::h the Department You \N ish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Kocmt 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
!>eiivered by Carriers, 23 CU. Per Week. 7!>
Cla. Per Mcml:. £ln*le Copies 6 Cls. |
T*rms ty Mail. Including Postage tCash TMtft |
Order) : .„ ,_
DAILT CALL (includ. Sunday), 1 year »»«» I
DAILY CALL dnclud. Sunday). « moi... 4;W
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •*=
SUNDAY CALL, 1 Year 2 •>'
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year ' 0!)
;' Dally. ..$S.M> Per Year Extra
FOREIGN ' Sur( ja>. 4.15 Per Year Extra
rOETAGE. Weekly. l.OO Per Year ExtrA
J.1A. rOSTMASTEKb " ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Bsjnple Cciiies will t>-j forwarded when re-
Quested.
Mall subscriber* iti cftierl&Z change of «d;
tret-* »hcj:d be r«rtieu!;.r la rive both NE*\
AND OLD ATORKS.S Ifl order to insure a
prompt and correct ccrr.rllar.ee with ll:tic re-
<.w«t.
OAKLAND omCE: I
XOlfl Broadwsy Telephone Main t 0K» j
BERKELEY OFFICE: _.
2148 Center fctreet Telephone North •<
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT :
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaro. ol
fnlun S(juar«>: Murray Hill Hotei; Fifth-ave-
cue Hotel ar.d Hoffman Haas*. J
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: i
tbencan House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Ncrthern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House. .
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE :
C GEORGE KROGNESS..Marquette Building
CLcng Distance Telephone. "Central 2618.')
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE :
6TEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUPIN'EES OFFICE cf the San Fraacisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
Bctfl 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOC* Market ctreet. opposite Fifth; open oatU
II P. tn. )
t27 Montgomery street, eomer Clay; open
uctll 9:30 d m
£(*' Hayes »treet: open until 8:S0 p. m.
VZ9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
*15 L&rkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
J941 MiKicn etreet; cpea until 10 p. m.
!'•' 1 Market ztreet. corner Sixteenth; opea
uttii 8 r. ra.
JP6 Eleventh street: cpen until 8 p. m.
IK>« Valencia street: cpen until 8 p. m.
Pwcrtheart corner Church and Duncan streets;
«?pen until a p. ra .
&crth west corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
~J£ c £- y • treets ; open until 9 p. m.
-TOT FUlmcre etreet; cpen until 8 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CAXZf subscribers contsmplatin* •>
rhaas-e of residence durtnar the rammer
tncoths can have their oapez forwarded
by mail to their new adOreaa by notify-
is? THE CALL Business Ofice. This
paper will also be oa sale at all summer
rescrts aad Is represented by a local
agent la all towns on the coast.
WEETtXC XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA <?Tiarter No. B. R, A. B
M.. will mret THIS OTE-SDAY) W
EVENING. June 7, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
ftatfri meeting and R. A. degree.
By ord»r of th« H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate lydce No. ."V». F. and e .
A. *!.— Ptsted ni~>tln* THIS <TTES-^J\^
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 7U\
EDWIN L MEYER, 8-cretary. *
ORIENTAL Lcdce No. 144. F. and A. m
M.— Statf^l mooting THIP <TUES- <%/v
DAY» EVENING, at K o'clock.
• A. i= HfBBARD, Secretary. f-T--?
FAN FRANCISCO Lrrte*. xF. dT] -
F. end A. If.. :>17 Dovlsartero et. — > U / Y
f-fs'-d mating THIS <Tt:E£DAY). at
4 o'clock p. m. By ord»r or the W. M.
A A. ANDERSON. T*m. See.
MAGNOLIA Wjp .No. 2?. I. O. <1 o- a - J^
" F -Election -'. officers ani £'5#X&£'*--
Imp tant • i£ine*i> THIS EVEN-^^^T""?
ING. Plea** attend-
FFRD. METZGER. N. G.
EAMT'EL POLA''K. Secretary.
HARMONY Lodire No. 13. I. O. ,,.^w.
O F. -The officers an<l the f'j- .*^S^5&55fc.
npral committee of the xh< ; \ ? =^e<Sf*-Jr^5
r.am<vl lodge are hereby nr>tin<?<1 '^SfoCK^
to ensemble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner
Market and Seventh etiwUs. on TUESDAr.
June 7. 1904/ at P:30 a. m., for the purpose
of attending the funeral of our late brother.
Joseph Wore*.
CHAS. QUAST, F. Secretary.
HY SCHL'CK. N. O.
GOLDEN Gate Lodee yCo. 204. I. TZ^Z
11 O I". -M*mb*rs, y u are *ar- -^^S&isJs-
nrrtly re<iu«i?t«vl to arrrr.J nuri'*§«tf¥v*kj
n»xt mating. TUESDAY EVEN- 7
ING. .Tun^ j. installation and election of
crgcfr». F. LUTLET. N. O.
TEMPLAR Lo-Jre No. 17, I. o. Z^vZT~
0 > Election rf officers for >^ia?SE>yE5i.
¦-.:¦..¦ t»mi will he h^ld 3#SSS5Q8Si
THIS <TTTESDAY) EVENING '"*?£&&
Member* cordially lnvlud to N? present
¦ m J. R. MORRISON, BUS.
EXCURSION to £ur.5et Park s^n -f^
V UZ . M&UIltalns ' WEDNESDAY.
June 8, Kiven by McKinley f.mp iOK
No. 2. U. R.. K. of P. Startlnr Ef&>
J a. m . ferry building. Market «. «= s *' > »
Returning at 6 p. m. Trafts stop at San
_Jcf>. r.ound trip ti ; children 60 cents.
l^JTED ArtlBsnT Awmbly * /
Hall. .:20 Pom *t.. EVERY Kf /\f fc
Tt;i;?DAY «t S p m . Arti- { N /FV&
fans, plea*? ntt»nd. MRP rt J /. * \M
JENNIE Mi E. GALl w/iiY^XT
HKHATH. A«,l««r.t Grand KJVi C \|
Ms Her.. r
THE California Debris Commission havinr
recelvrd application to mine by hydraulic
T*rocrs.s from Oecree E. Warroner anil David'
1 pton »n Teypranh nine, at Indian Dl*-
tfars. El Dorado County. Cal.. draining Into
Indian D!g B in«s Creek, which reaches Co-
•umnes River, give* notice that me<-Mnr will
h» h~\& st room Pfl. Klood building Ban
Fraiv-irco. Cal.. June 20, lQf>4 a t 1:30 p. nj.
AGEXTS WAXTED.
BRAND, new Idea; no capital required- J'3
Jl-0 week: T.o fake agency scheme; red stamp
briTiR* particulars. The Peristyle Co 030
Pole*. <Jate ave., Eaii Francisco.
WE v.\ir;t a number of live canvassers at once-
liberal contract* with men who can do tuVi-
rir»n. Apply at 1M1 Fillmore et. and 300
Pott st. White Eewins llachlr.c Co.
AGENTS— An acercy for a proprmJMon that Is
a <l«-ciJ«l irr.;.ro\ Client on building and loan
le worth fcavln*. Great W>«tern Improve-
ment Coicpasy. Parrott building:.
fffl want 2 experienced canvassers at once-
city and country: new goods; liberal terms'
The Catlne Co.. 1-1 Ceary tt./rotim 721.
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILES— Livery.* garage and salts-,
roomy; autoraobHfa of every description I
tiouarht and told; will buy or sell second- |
baud machine*. So* us before you do any- I
thins with your machine. Phone South 702.
r-actnc States Autcmobiie Co.. 217 *Tllis st.
WANTED— To buy nr: automobile tn first-class
fndor; not over $S<X». Adtrtxf, civinx de-
scriptlon of machine, box 571. Call office.
THOMAS Automobile for sale, $350; seating
capacity 5 peorle. Box 72S. Call offlce.
lK>f-A-DOS lr. rood running order for sale.
Aiirtit box r..'». C!l office.
WHITE Starh. pe A^tomoUIic for eale. Box
18a. Call offtoc.
FOR sate— Automobile Utcan}. Box 6C3. CaU
olnce. . i
\
GOOD, RELIABLE, CAPABLE HELP
CARPET BEATIXG ;A>'D CLEAXIXG.
COMPRESSED, Air and. Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on
floor without removal; carpets and rugs are
also cleaned by compressed air at shop;
prices moderate. ¦ S. F. Compressed Air
Cleaning Co., 308 Market st.; phones Main
162 and Bush 479. _^
WHEN you become disgusted with yonr work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Werks. 355-35V Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.. clean-
ing Jk laying done reasonably. Tel.Mlsslon 74.
W ESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
. rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating" "Works,
333 Goloen Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard;tel. South 318.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co..402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 30«. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reascnahle. 170?. Harrison st. : tel.Mlsslon 263.
CTJRES RTJPTTJBE.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder, $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market St. : send for circular.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate^ — The \V^alebo7»e^anlioTl>resJt;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50o;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventb
— No charge for extracting when plates are
' made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. 8urgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns,$2 up; fillings.2So.
FREE examination with chart at the new
York Dentists, 969 Mission St.. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.HewItt.204 Suttr.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION^ eunburst and knlfe-plaltlng,
Stewart's button and buttonhole factory, 110
Taylor St.; tel. Folsom 212L_ -
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Pattern* cut to measure: eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in the entire West. New. complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
Instruction 75- page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, 901-
925 Golden Gate ave.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
• moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
st., between Third and Fourth: more epace;
finer rooms: better light: finest- In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket. guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $8 mo.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years; special discount
during month of June; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electriclty,24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
YOUNG man or young lady can earn business
or shorthand course by working a few hours
dally. S. F. Bus. College, 738 Mission st.
DANCING— Adults. Mon. and Frl. evgs; Juve-
nlles. Sat. 2 to 5: priv. lessons dally.' Flnd-
lay*s Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business College on
advice of oflclal court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
KENT Law School: thirteenth year; send for
particulars. 536 Parrott- building.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand etc, $4
mo. "Western Business College. HOT Market.
GUITAR mandolin and piano $3 per mo.;
mandolin club, $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese-
Chinese help. 428 Powell st. ; tel. Main 5753.
GRAND — Japanese and Chinese employment
office. 415 Stockton St.: tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EUPLOYMENTAVANTED — FEMALE.
AT MISS PLUNKETT'S Employment Bureau,
425 Butter at., near Powell; tel. Main 6472 —
A number of young and reliable cooks,
housemaids, parlormaids and waitresses,
laundresses, infants' nurses, notel help and
housework girls are now registered for
work. Write, call or telephone; offlce Lours,
8:30 a. m. to 5:30 d. m.
COMPETENT, reliable good woman; work by
the day; washing and Ironing or house
clfaning; $1 50 a day or 75c half day and
car fare. Pleaee inquire at 58 Valley St.,
bet. Dolores and San Jose a.ve.
WANTED— Position by young lady of experi-
ence at office work; good penman; can keep
books; can furnish good references. Box
1200, Call offlce. Oakland.
A LADY would like to accompany family to
New Zealand: care for children or be of
general assistance; does not become seasick.
Address box "J553, CaU office.
A — WOMAN wants care of house; owner's
absence: good references: small wagos. 324
Mason St.: phone Black 2.".0i».
A— NURSEOIRL, good references, wants a
position; $15. 324 Mapon St.; phone Black
2300.
A WOMAN with references desires washing or
house work by* the day; terms $1 and car
farf. Address box 2555. Call offlce.
A NEAT Scandinavian girl wishes situation as
general housekeeper. 260 Thirteenth st.
A LAPY with a child wants position to do
housekefptnK; city or country. 113 Hayes.
YOUNO Danish girl desires situation as second
girl. Pleas* call 1126 Trpat ave.
A CJlRL wants housework in the country; $25
per month. 34 Freelon St., city.
ELDERLY lady wishes position as housekeep-
er, city or country. 13C Fifth st., between
Howard and Mission.
COMPETENT woman wants situation to do
housework; good cook and laundress; city or
country. • Box 2510. Call offlce.
A YOUNG lady wishes washing and house-
cleaning by the day; wages «i 60 per day.
Apply 171i Welsh st.
EXPERIENCED mother and nurse will as-
sum* care of children, 1 year upward, dur-
ing vacation or exposition: terms reasonable;
references. MRS. JAQUES, 170S Francisco
St., Berkeley: phone Dana BG1.
AA — BOOKKEEPER: cashier: young lady; ex-
pert accountant; all modern methods; highest
references; last position 5 years. Box 2508,
Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work by the day; houseclean-
Ing; $1 50 and car fare. Call or address
MRS.. OSGOOD, 115 Hayes «t.
WANTED — A situation as cook and laundress.
Box 2016, Call offlce.
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day.
Phone Scott 1324.
A FINNISH elrl wishes position to do general
housework. Call Monday, 327 Vi Third st.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day. 15171*
Leavenworth at.
WOMAN takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Fell 1041. .
FlRST-clar-' laundress wishes laundering to do
at home. Box 2037, CaU office.
WOMAN wants work by the day: housework,
- cooking, cleaning, etc 677% Natoma et. -
SEWING by the day; good fitter; shirt waist
suits made tn a day; $2 a day. 36A Eighth.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
CaU Brunch offlce, cor. Duncan ft Church sts.
WANT • ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
A YOUNG man wants to drive a light wagon
or do anything else where he can advance;
can give references; has grammar schooling.
Box 2067/ CaU of flee." . ¦
BARTENDEH and grocery clerk — Young ¦ man
(single), good appearance, trustworthy and
reliable. KAY, 246 Townsend at.
f opfjivc; unrsRo for s*t.tt — r ** n -
« MARION GRIFFIN, '? ,
408 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance,
. Cor. Third and Market sts.; teL Black 3607.
'¦ Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
HIGH-CLASS rooming-house of 19 rooms,
clearing $105 monthly; flne. new furnishings;
nur.ny side; beautiful lawn; must be sold;
don't wait, but make some offer to
MARION GRIFFIN.
CORNERS are In demand; 30 rooms; north of
Market: extra flne; long lease: clears $175;
hlgh-clMs roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
FAMILY boarding-house of 40 rooms; very
quiet and refined; nice, sunny corner in fash-
ionable section of city; owing to ill health
the owner will take $2500- half cash; clears
$180 per month and all help hired.
MARION GRIFFIN.
LOOK AHEAD « months, when this .SQ-room
• house will be worth JSUOO; the rent is only
$3 per room; clear prollt $240 monthly; owner
has chance to buy a saloon clearinz $500
I month, henco will sacrifice the house for
I $4000 this week. MARION GRIFFIN.
I SUTTER st. Is Al for select roomers: $1600
takes a nice, quiet, respectable house of 23
rooms; all outside, light sunny rooms; clears
$98 per month. MARION GRIFFIN.
i OR would you prefer a 17-room house. 2 blocks
! north of Market? Just the permanent room-
ers pay' $05 per month over expenses: you
only need $800 in cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
NINE rooms for $250? Yes, 6 blocks north of
Market; rent $35; needs more furniture. *
ALSO
7 rooms, near Emporium, $250; clears $20.
10 rooms, O'Farrell st., $300: rent $40; In-
come $70. MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDID 40-room house on Sutter St.. In
the best possible condition. Plentifully fur-
nished with the best of everything. Full of
the most desirable people. Profit $150 month.
Reasonable rent. Long lease. Fair price. *
¦ ¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
JUST the place; 14 beautifully furnished rooms
on a sunny corner near St. Francis Hotel;
hlghclase. respectable roomers; low price:
part cash, balance as you .earn it from the
house. This is an Ideal home and money-
maker. MARION GRIFFIN.
TEN large rooms. ' sold cheap; Income $30.
Apply 823 Howard st.. after 12 m.
10-ROOM lodging-house; all full; rent $45;
watPr free: price $600. 725 Polk st.
LODGING HOUSES WASTED. **
WANTED — Good transient roomlng-housa of
about 20 rooms; must be cheap. 411 Post st.
• SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,
Clairvoyant trance, business medium and life
reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
MMB. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
nlght. 10c. 619 McAllister st. Come skeptics.
W. O. KEEGAN holds test seances ev. night
except Sat.: 10c; nit. 10 to 5. 143 Sixth st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night,
8 o'clock: 50c. 1084 Bush st.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy St.; phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYA>TS.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COMB TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATIONS of the NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
A— For a reliable and Intelligent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE, 428 Eddy st.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wjsh to know.
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the mattem that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
He is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness. •
Would It not be b. relief to know how you
will succeed, to be relieved of the matters that
are troubling you, and of the schemes of your
enemies, that you may meet with better success?
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE ho will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test
Is of little value: when the mind Is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice..
Permanently located 428 Kddy st. : S sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours, 10 a. in. to H p. m.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered' trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An hoyst proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and 'guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for: I tell you If
husband, wife or lover is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire; "In fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice Is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable: he im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the hfchest poe»lbl«« development in mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power Implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one eecretly;
cures diseaxe and lost vitality; gives' advice on
mining end burled treasures; gives you success
In life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his service*.
10 a. in. to s p. m. — Closed Sunday.
326 O'Farrell St.— 326
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
piesent happenings and portrays events to
occur. In the future; If you ore In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, cr
have domestic, love or business troubles, 1 - con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice tn
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 4563.
ELLSMERE. Egyptian seer, clairvoyant;
marvelous readings: advice love, business,
mining: locates, cures disease; whom, when
you marry; call If In trouble or doubt; re-
movps Fpells, evil Influence; by mall $2.
1007^ Market St.; low fee.
MME.PORTER. celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
end eight, tells past, present and future; I.
60c. g. by cards $1 : palmistry and clairvoyant
*lt.. $t 50. 200 O'Farrell St., near Mason.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
¦ what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given; special, $1: hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. A palm.;
I correctly treat your love arfalrs. domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
1.. 50c; g.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst, clairvoyant, card
reader: when others fall try me:good reading*
25c. » 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, clairvoyant trance busi-
ness medium and life reader; advlep on min-
ing & Invest.; devel. dr. Thure.. 8. 725 Polk.
A— Mine. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 835 Howard, bet.4th&5th.
MKS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. 23~V4
Blxth'at.; ladles 25c; gents 60c.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader. -545 Minna
st.; no sign.
MME. ODKLL returned: clatrvoyant,card r^ad-
cr; tea leavtg; 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la; 25c;
gents 50c. 051 Mission st., nr. Cth; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
261a Kearny. »room 20; ladles, 25c; gents.OOc.
MISS 'WARD, clairvoyant gives names date
and facts; readings dally. fl!7 Market st. '
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress. will
return from her vacation July 1.
MF.S. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st. -
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, slt-
tlngs dally. 448% Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
OIiOTHIKO BEETOVATIirQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis at., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections^madel
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery. ' rooms 0-10: tel. Main 55S0.
' COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage; 5 rooms; basement; yard. 137
Dolores St., near Fifteenth. *
FOURTEENTH. 877— Cottage of 6 surmy rooms
and bath; modern; rent 530. ; r >
$17 — 5-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, " near
"Webster, bet. Sutter and Bush. "•" Inquire 7.
attoh m:\.s-at-law.
t A PRIVATE. .|jUI» .1i\cn.e'fc.- im»U fee.
I $¦*•> ::n- an<! «atc rncf.' - > : r.ti uay in advance.
I O. W^. 1IOWK. ATTOI:.VEY-AT-LAW.
I !;ncb!:>lv»d -^ >!*.: mis. 1. 3. .I. 4 & B.lBt fl..
I JIT2 Markft M.. !>*tueen Mason ani Taylor.
A Jvic* fice »ll mailer*. Detectives employed.
H. \Y KING • Atti»rncy-at-Law, Enam. bid?..
OUi floor; f'r.fancj room Gil: established 20
yers: all <as s», general <rurt ard offlfe prac-
ti. <.: r.<> %'.:• iii advance cr for consultation:
j-v..::.:, S! , by aj,polr.tn:ect. Te!. He<J SC01.
Pi:NSIO.\-~?.tt:.-.— >F. IIAKP.IS. Vi Ellis St., 20
>:•'. practice; rets, fiom many thousands of
*oid!crs. >ailcr^-. r.Hows nnd orphans on Pa-
cific CcJist fvr wh.cni I have secured pensions.
tlVui'.Ci:— Costs. $13: quick, quiet; advice
| free; all law business; no charpe unless suc-
i cefcful: cpen evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce tests $12: no fees or
cp*t« in .advanc-j; a!l law business; office
open Saturday evenlnK*. S19 Market et.. r.33.
DIVORCE lnvv u. specialty: ro publicity: ndvire
tr?e; tests $12. Ad. U.A.S.. P.O. box IM'JO. S.F.
!. >¦ CLARK :•'_! Market «.: consultation
ir r: nn {<¦»•• )p advinre: »(>«?n ,'ver.inc?.
ASTHMA -ZESaXDI^
a" DrNcia*s~As f -hma Remedy relieves instant-
ly: 10c. 28c. BOc. 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
TO board a child; good references; mother's
rare; good location. Call 316 Fifth ave.,
Kichrcond.
i bTsTxess chances.
A— $700 BAKERY across tha bay; established
jeais ajid doing a first-claes paying store
trade; value in slclit. All particulars R.
G. WILKE, 2tiH Kearny it. .__
A— $CO0; YOCNCJ and active man wanted to
run grill room in one of the finest barrooms
in this city; no rent to pay; references want-
ed. See R. G. WILK13. '2&Vi Kearny iL
A $1100 CORNER grocery end bar on choicest
location of Devlsadero St. must be sold at
once, on account of death In family; lease;
rent $37 t'>: a E:>!er.d!d a:nl rare chance. See
R. r,. WILKE. 20 \* Kearny st. _
j A — tT-oO; CORNER *a'.oon on Montgomery St.;
cttab. many years; rent f$i; lease; a good-
psyinr place and well advertised. Call R.
G." WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! RoadhcuEe! Road-
huu*e: With 13 furn. rocms; rent $40; leaee;
• a first-class raying resort. See R. G. WILKE,
2CH Kearny it.
A— $S00; COltXKIt saloon; rent $20; a splendid
location in the Mission; place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKE,
26Vi Kearny st. '
I A— $500; SALOON, vicinity Third and Bran-
I nan sts.; established years; rent $40. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26 Vi Kearny it. *
A— $1600; SALOON in wholesale district; vi-
cinity of Saiuome St.; place established 20
years; doing a good business; rent $50. Eee
R. O. WILKE, 26 >j Keearny st.
A— $350i>: ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; oa Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; place muet be sacrificed on ac-
count of 111 health of owner. See R. O.
WILKE, 2BVa Kearny st.
A— $450; BARBER shop; 3 chairs; best location
in the Mission; rent C16. Se« R. O. WILKE.
26'4 Kearny eU
A $3000 HOTEL In San Rafael; 21 rooms, bar,
parlcr and dining room; a well established
place; good furniture and a bargain. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
A — $700; RESTAURANT opposite Golden Gate.
Park; lent $25; good business; clearing about
$160 prr month. See R. G. WILKE. 20tt
Kearny et.
A— $2500; SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
ket st.; low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
tures and a flnst-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— $250; BOTTLE beer route; well established.
Fee R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A— $2750; CORNER saloon on Market St.. In-
cluding 7 rooms; rent $100; return rents $80;
lea^e; a first-class location and well estab-
pllshed place. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kear-
ny n.
X — $6(X> — CHOPHOUEE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. Bee R. G. WILKE. 26tt
Kearny st. *¦
A — DRUGSTORE^ — drugstore — drugstore; price
$4500; established 27 years; lease 5 years;
rent $C0; one of the best paying stores In this
city; own«r to retire. CaU R. G. WILKE,
itiH Kearny «.
A— $1000; BOARDING and roaming house; 80
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds,
good furniture. lease, place paying welL See
R. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
A — $2500: DAIRT depot and route; dally sales
CO cans; 8 horses 4 wagons, etc; most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owner 18
years; a good-paying investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2G4 Kearny st.
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton iti.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— $350; brancM bakery and delicatessen
*tore with 4 rooms: rent $25: flne location;
good buklness. See R. O. WILKIE. 26 H
Kearny et.
PACIFIC REAL ESTATE CO.,
1015 Market st. Tel. Folsom 141.
$.*W; country hotel and bar; Investigate.
$475; corner paloon; do good business.
$225; lodglng-houpe. near Market st.
Restaurant for «>al<>; clearing; MO weekly:
n«?w furniture; new range; act quickly; only
$000.
BUTCHEP. shop clearing $100 per month must
be sold at a sacrifice; owner going East. II.
G. MEHRTENS. Railroad ave. and Webster
et.. Alameda.
RESTAURANT worth $250 will be sold for
$100. H. S. MEHRTENS. Railroad ave. and
W>btter et.. Alameda, • V' ; >« ' •• . •:.
$1000— DELICATESSEN, grocery, candy, no-
ftion Ftore: everything nearly new; cheap
rent: leaf*: must be sold; bargain. BERG,
ARMSTRONG &. CO.. 31$ Kearny ft.
$350 SECURES Vi interest In flne paying com-
mission bUFlnpFs clearing $150 monthly to
each:, references exchanged: experience un-
necpBfary. but must be *ober and reliable.
Particulars. 1007 \' t Market St.. room 1.
"BROKERS and promoter* who are able to
control or Influence the placing of orders for
th» manufacture of bonde and stock certifi-
cates, can form a profitable and pleasant
connection with a large Eastern houee en-
gaged In th« manufacture of these and other
similar forme and doing a large business in
bank note engraving and lithography, ad-
dress box 2551. Call office."
$.VW — Candy Btore : bent In town; flne location;
a perfect palace; monthly receipts, $3000;
monthly expense. $350; a money-maker; only
reason for selling 1« pressure of other bu*l-
nefs. D. L. JUNGCK, 2111 Shattuck ave.,
Berkeley.
A SMALL general merchandise store In a town
of 700 population; sales average about $1500
per menth: will sell reasonable, as it is
necessary for the owner to leave. Address
for particulars, box 625, Call offlce.
PARTNER wanted in a well-established whole-
sale business: only email capital required, as
we buy for cash and sell for cash and carry
very little stock on hand; profits are very
large. Address box 737, Call offlce.
FOR SALE — Coffee, tea and spice route over
IS years' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars In-
quire st 119 Front St.. between- 11 a. m.
and 1 p. m.
STODDARD'S celebrated specialty drug store
to be f>o!d at a bargain on account of death
in family; fine living rooms for a doctor;
two side entrances; rent $e5. 108 Turk st.
BERG. ARMSTRONG &. CO., phone red 4845.—
Headquarters for saloons, hotels, lodging-
houses, furnished flats, bakeries, barber
chop?, delicatessen. 318 Kearny st.
WANTED— 1 A yourg man; must be honest and
trustworthy and have $2500 to $3000; perma-
nent petition And good salary by established
company. Address box 2037. Call office.
OLD established art etore. fully equipped for
framing; fin* location and steady business;
IV) age::U. Box 2512, Call office.
HOTEL. C2 rooms and bar; modern; 'ease;.
'rer.t $150; new house and cood business. Box
M5, Call office.
I $>0O— A BIG sacrifice: the best paying restau-
j runt In Sacramento: receipts $100 a day; long
• lease ¦ P. Q. box 158. Sacramento. Cal.
A-$r.0; PARTNER wanted In light business.
Particulars at 47 Geary st., room 0.
CARPENTER shon. fin* location and trade;
offer wanted. 1522',j Buah »t.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for eale; good busi-
ness. Apply cis^ Market st. *.
GREAT opportunity for doctor to purchase
corner crug store; no agents. Box 252:1. Call.
CHEAT money -making transient house. 35
u-onis. center city; ro agtnts. Box 2524.Call.
RESTAURANT, delicatessen etore 2831 Mis-
sion St.. for sale or exchange for real estate-
• clears above expenses $150 monthly.
m'S¥\rc<S fHANCRO— Confinried.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters fur all kinds of business .£ nances.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort: fine
groves ; 'M- room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease: raise own hay, vegetables: all
•kinds of fruit; rent'$300 per year; equity in
this $25'»: death in family cause of sal*.
CAMERON &. CO.
FOR sale — Well-furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing: all modern conveniences; new. one
year; price S2^00 complete. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business: cheap rent; •>% years' lease;
one o" the best transfer corners in city: do-
ing fine business; other Interests cause sale;
price $0000. fee CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade— Quartz mine: flneprospect;
located In Csl.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade i
for rrng.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy. .
FOR sale, or will trade — 0 acres Inside city J
limits; one of best Interior cities in Califor-
nia: house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty I
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
roomir.g-hcuse: price $1000. CAMERON A
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Electrical and locksmith business; (
central location; established 0 years: rent )
$30; clears 590 to $100 per month: price $500;
must Bell on account of other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools,
etc.; full Investigation and trial given; re-
tiring from business. CAMERON & CO., 3
Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real eMate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
PARTNER In growing business to take, fill or-
der and collect; investigate. Box 2552, Call.
SALOON for sale: good stock; fixtures; cash
register; safe; make offer. Call 131 Eddy.
SAI/JON: must sell to-day; good fixtures; 2
living rooms; make offer. CaU 425 Pacific.
FOR Fale— Bakery; 22d and Fair Oaks. Ap-
ply 3449 Fair Oaks; on account of death.
FOR sale — Paloon. Call at 521 Mission st,
Western Rubber Stamp Works.
THREE cows, horse, cart and milk route for
sale; place to let. Brewster st., near Es-
meralda ave. '
RESTAURANT, Market St., fine fixtures;
money maker; cheap; owner sick. Box 2001,
Call offlce.
GROCERY and bar for sale In splendid loca-
tion south of Market st. Address box 608,
Call offlce.
CANDY b'isiness: valuable downtown location;
good business: fine fixtures; $4000; other in-
terests. Address b,ox 577. Call offlce. .
MILLINERY business for sale; a bargain. Call
or address 2213 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
FOR sale— The Union Hotel; manufacturing
town. Benlcla. Calif.
FRENCH liquor store for sale. 021 Valencia
street. ,
YOUNG man with $400 wants legitimate busi-
ness proposition. Box 2025, Call offlce.
A FURNISHED 'hotel to lease in a thriving
town in Marln County. Box 685, Call offlce.
WANTED — To buy a good paying delicatessen
store. Address box BS4, Call offlce.
CANDY nnd ice cream store; must sell; come,
make offer. 1427 Market «t.
FOR sale — Thp beet paying shoe shop In the
city. 2140 Flllmore sL"
CHOPHOUSE near waterfront; must leave; one-
third cost; $75. 17 Washington st.
CORNER ealocn: wholesale district; lease;
snap- Anchor Brewery.
HAIRDRESSERS — Call and see my place;
must sell: make offer. 1153 Market st.
FOR sale — Bakery with large stock; good loca-
tion and reasonable rent. 715 McAllister st.
GOOD candy store for sale cheap; leaving
city. Address box 443. Call offlce.
FINE newspaper route for sale. ! Inquire at
this offlce.
A BRANCH offlce of The* Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms; cheap rent: 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances: everything In
ftrct-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient cen clear $300 to $350 per month;
here Is best proposition In city; price $3200.
63 rooms; best downtown transient house In
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance:
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500.
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; elckness; must sell; snap; $600.
125 moms; cheap rent: long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business: only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegsntly fur-
nished: cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in:
clear* $400 per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
108 roome; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house: other busi-
ness interests demand Immediate departure.
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$430.
21 room«; corner: rent only $85: oak fur.;
good carpet*; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
180 rooms: grand, new. modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full ntce people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
7-room flaf; rent $40: ¦ oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $330.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
HIU: doing flne business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
14 rooms; rent only $57: oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy St.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner; rent $123.... $4500
100 rooms; cleans $350; low rent $6500
80 rooms; furniture nearly new... SJSOO
40 rooms; flne location, north of Market. $1000
40 rooms; in Oakland; new; rent $00. . ..$2500
1» rooms: half cash; cheap rent $000
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
A FIRST-CLASS apartment house, downtown
location, for sale at a sacrifice for cash or
will mako terras to suit If sold before July
1: account of sickness. A. B. SMITH CO.,
128 Kills Et.
42 ROOMS: corner; near R. R. depot: rooms
all full: clears $123* per month; rent $3 per
room: owner sick; must sell; $2.150. 453. Call.
• • "TV -FIVE-ROOM 'Market-street bouse;
busy corner; Al transient: I will sell at low
figure or exchange. Box 3186, Call offlce.
15-ROOM lodging-house: rent 60; cheap; terms
or exchancc. Room 106. 1170 Market . st.
10 ROOMS, well furnished, large, sunny, $250
cash. bal. mo. ; clears $00; sick. 120 O'Farrell.
-• r - '¦ -' '
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE— Con.
A COOK and second girl, same family. la coun-
try. $35 and $25; 10 waitresses for summer
resorts and country hotels, $-5 eacn, tar*
paid; a cook for summer resort. *>o: a
woman (no objection to one child) for house-
work on a ranch. $13: four good second girls.
$25 each: 20 housework girls for city arid
country. $.10. $25 and $2O. MIS3 PLLNKET1.
425 Sutter St., near PowelL _^___
WANTED— Waitress for country resort. $-]0;
waitress, near by. $.".0: waitress for springs.
$25: restaurant waitress. $S a week_: cham-
bermaid and wait In helps hall. $-j: , coo ~*1
wash. $00; a large number of girls r"r
housework, city and country, too many «»
advertise. $25 and $30. Apply to J. r-
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st. '
A— GIRL to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finisn
In I month ft>r $15: positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc. guaranteed at $U> per wk up:
day and evening class. 143 Stockton a*., r. It.
A— LADIES. l«arn all branches hairdressing
trade, manlcruring. massage, etc.; positions-
secured, at highest wages; day and eve. class-
es; thor. system. Removed to 133 Powell st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress; one that can baste
good edges preferred; good salary. 8. N.
WOOD. 49 Geary at.
YOUNO girt for light housework and plain
cooking in Alameda: $20. Call 1647 Golden
Gate ave. __^ .
COOK for restaurant: must have food rtfer-
encM. Box 2066, Call off.ee.
GIRL wanted at 3112 Clay st. ; family of two;
general housework: good wagea.
YOUNG girl to help with housework aad mind
baby; wages $S. 1133 HowanS St.
¦ — ¦ 1
FEEDER for folding box cutting aad creasing
press. B20 Market st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for caady gtore »t
1409 Polk st. Call after 10 a. m.
BUTTON-HOLE makers and marhtix girt» ea
vests. 641Va Stevenson 'St.
FIRST-CLASS hands on dressmaking: also ln>-
provers. 8 Eddy st.. rooms 98 aad 87.
APPRENTICES to learn halrdresslng: paid
while learning. COSGROVE* 3. 110 Geary st.
WANTED— S waitresses. B44 Klnth et.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, 6 p.m.. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED — Wholesome, Intelligent lady, ov#»
23. of character, to train for high grade po-
sltlon. Box 2093, Call.
TWO lady canvassers at once; new goods: lib-
eral terms; city and country. The. OaUna
Co.. 121 Geary st.. room 721.
FIRST-cIasa operators, also finishers on Tests;
wagea no object. 230*a 9th st. op. Clementina
A NEAT young girl to -assist in housework: 3
In family. Apply 217 Third ave.. Richmond.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 245 Sorest*
street.
TEN good cooks and general housework girls;
wages $30. CATTELLS. S2S 3th st. Oakland.
WANTED— Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser-i and manlcurwrs
wanted. Apply at COSQROVE'S. 110 Geary.
A PROFITABLE outing: pick hops in August
Write E. Clemens Horat. 122 Battery St., S.F.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th» reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market st.. opposite BtfUb
Op-n until 11 p. m.
HELP WASTE D MA LE.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AOEXCT
It Third St.. near Call bldg.: phone Bush 4C*.
Slate of Nevada, cheap fare; refunded.
T'nlted States Government work.
25 teamsters. $67 50 a month.
15 laborers. $60 a month.
60 drillers, rockmen, hammerman, $73 "•*-
SAWMILL CREW.
Gang edrerman. $3 75 day.
Screw turner, $55 month and board.
Board puller. $45 a month and board.
2 tall edgermen. $40 a month and board.
2 second trtmmermen. $40 and, board.
1 offbearer. $40 and board.
6 section men. sawmill, $33 and board.
10 lumber pliers. $35 and board.
10 woodsmen. tZZ to $60 and board.
2 wheel teamsters, $65 a month.
8 men fcr rock quarry. $3 25 day.
10 Italian quarrymen. $2 23 a day.
8 woodchoppers. pine. $1 23 cord.
1O laborers. 8 hours, near city. $<?0.
4 h&ymakers. $1 50 a day and board.
3 single hand miners. $3 a day.
5 muckera, $2 50 a day.
2 painters, city. $3 to $4 day.
Carpenter, steady, near city, t* day.
Cook, few men. ranch. San Mateo Co.. $20 fi.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 1* 3d St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agts.,
427 Bush St., 642 Clay at.
NEW R. R. WORK
Fter Southern California, faro $8,
Teamsters. $2 a day.
For Humboldt County, tunnelraen. drillers.
new work. $2 50 to $2 75; State of Nevada,
Government work. 8 hours, teamsters, labor-
ers, $2 to $2 75, fare $7 50.
10 Scandinavian swampers for the wooda. $33
and found: 20 farmers, haymakers. mllk«r».
$30 to $35; milker and choreman. springs. $30;
coachman and gardener, se« party here, $33;
Scandinavian, Janitor, city, $60.
Second cook, hotel, city. $70; second cook. R.
R. eating-house, free fare, $30: vegetable
cook, make hot cakes, country hot»l. $15: 2
omnibuses, country hotel, free far*. $23:
porters, bellboys, dishwashers, city and
country. $15 to $30.
i C. R. HANSEN & CO., Employment Agent*,
429 Bush St.. 642 Clay St.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT. 5
F. M. OUNN. 638 Commercial st.
Phone Main 1191: near Kearny st.
NEVADA. NEVADA. SHIP TO-DAT.
You work 8 hours, long Job. $2 to $2 SO,
special fare, see boes here to-day.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE TXRSS
Santa Fe Company's own work, take this,
10 laborers, steam shovel work. 10c fare, $2
to $2 50 day.
Free fare. 20 laborers, 8 hours* work. $60.
all summer's work.
We want a gang of Greek laborers, free fare.
100 or more, in California; 8 woodchoppers.
$1 25 to $2 cord: blacksmith, country shop,
$G0 and fd. ; boys for box factory; boys to
karri sash and door trade. $1 50 day. north;
cook, hotel, see party h»re, $43 and fd:
painter and striper. $3 50 day, country, party
here: 2 milker*. 25o fare. $35 and fd.; coolc
for hayfields. $25 and fd.. fare 23c: hundreds
cf other Jobs; call and see us.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCT.
' 95 THIRD ST. TELEPHONE MAIN M21.
Tunnelmen. Humboldt Co.. $2 30 aad $2 T».
Free fare half way. Long Job.
Teamsters for Arizona. $2: cheap fare.
City work, laborers. $2 and $2 23. .
?Laborers. $2; 8 hours; fare 10c.
¦Laborers, $2: teamsters, $2; free fare.
»%spers. piece work: no strike.
Ranch hand. $1 25 and found.
Milker. American, $30 and found.
Sticker hand. $i.
Cabinet-makers. $3 .V>.
Nevada, laborers $2 : teamsters. $2 S3.
HORD * SMITH.
RED CROS3 EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
602 Clay st. Phone James 2478,
Nevada. Nevada. Government Work.
Tunnelmen, teamsters, laborers. 25c an hour.
Locomotive engineer for steam shovel Job,
$."» 25 day.
Woodworker, country, $3 50 day.
Machinists. $3 day.
Carriage painter. Sacramento Co.. $3 50 day.
2 stonemen. railroad work. $3 to $3 25 day.
10 steam shovel men. long Job, $2 25 day.
10 Italian laborers. $2 day.
2 milkers, country. $35 month.
25 freight handler*, city. 22 l i cents an hour.
Other help, skilled and unskilled, wanted.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
642 Commercial st.. near Kearny.
Phone Bush S33— J. L. DRECHSLETt.
3 more carpenters, north, long new Job; 10
ranch hands: donkey engineer for wood*,
north, boss here: cook and wife. city. $5t>
and found. Free fare — 10 track laborers,
north. $2: 5 2-horse teamsters, free fare. $2:
1W laborers. 8 hours, free fare. $2: 2 milkers;
$3* Italian laborers, new work, south, lonn
Job. $tj(\ board themselves: Swedish assistant
Janitor for large offlce. city; 15 boys, learn
trade, country.
CONTRACTOPvri* EMPLOYMENT AOBNCT
635 Washington st.. phone James 3301 — La-
borers and teamsters. V. S. Government
work, Nevada, t- and $2 25 day, 9 hours'
work; new R. H. work, $2 day. fre<» fare:
4-horse teamsters, near city. $1 W> day and
board; cheat) fare; edgerman. $70 month,
cheap fare: 2 cooks, city. $5O and $55 month;
6 ranch bands. $1 25 to $1 :.i> and found: por-
ter. J'-5 and board: bookkeeper, city, $30 and
board to start: 20 laborers, near city. $2,
cheap fare; a milkers. $35 and found. L. U
CUTTINO & CO.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery, r. 12—
8erond porter, $35 and room; 2d cook. $50.
EXPERIENCED wlndow-drcsser wanted. Ad-
dress, stating full particulars as to age, ex-
perience, salary wanted, reference. «tc. bnx
2554. Call office.
H ARC EH -Steady. Zi~ Vi Fifth st.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 7,. 1004.
13
HELP WAfrTED— -BIALB—^*>»«, ._
FOR SPRINGS HOTEL.
BOSS HERE. TO-DAY. BOSS HERB.
Chef cook. $70 to $75 and found.
Second cook, $40 and found.
Dishwasher, $30 and found.
FOR SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Chef cook, $70; assistant chef cook, $60.
4 second cooks, $40; 3 third cooks. $35 fd.
3 dishwashers, $30 fd.; 6 waiters, $30 fd.
8teward. $45 and found.
OTHER PLACES.
Cook and wife, hotel, city, $50 and found.
2 camp waiters, factory, fare $1 50. $30 fd.
Second laundryman, institution. $25 found.
Night short order cook, S. C. Co., $40 found.
Baker's helper, $20 found; waiter, extra good,
$35 and found; ranch cook, Nevada, $30 fd.
18 cooks, new Jobs, $50, $U0 $40 and found.
Pantryman, fare $1 30 hotel, $35 found.
4 waiters, hotel, fare $1 30, $35 and found.
Milker. Colusa Co.. $40 and found.
LOOK.
2 machinists, fare $1 40. $3 day.
Carpenter. 80c fare, $4 day.
Blacksmith helper, 15c fare, $2 day.
Laborer, drive stationary donkey engine,
' $2 5o day.
Wagon blacksmith, also helper, $3 50-$2 2B
day.
Blacksmith, ranch, fare $1 25, $40 fd.
LOOK.
25 laborers, fare 25c. private C. job. $2 day.
4 4 -horse teamsters, 30c far*. $2 day.
LOOK.
10 Italian laborer*, special job. $1 75 a day.
Stableman for nursery, $25 fd.
Young man, greenhouse work, $25 found.
LOOK.
3 wool pullers, factory, fare- 20o, $2 25 day. i
LOOK. I
Gardener, extra good job. boss here, $85 fd.
Private family choreman, boss here, $30 fd.
Choreman. milk 2 cows, private. $35 fd.
Stableman, fare 75c, bora here, $8 week fd.
Choreman, private job. boss here, $30.
4 miners, fare $4, extra good. $90.
Man and wife, 8 cows; drive milk wagoa;
no washing for woman; fare 50c.
MURRAY A READY. 634-C36 Clay St.
COOK and helper for resort, $75 to $100; fry
cook, $14 we.>k; porter and choreman for re-
sort, $25 and found; fireman for hotel, $20
and found; elevator hoy, $30; hotel waiters,
$30 and $35 and found, and others. J. F.
CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st • |
YOUNG milk wagon driver for country, $35
and found; ranch foreman, $50 and found;
man about place; brick setters. $2 50 day; [
brirk burner, $2 60 day; 2 laborers for brick-
yard, $2 day; timber feller, $00 and board;
tallyman and lumber sorter. $50 and found;
logway man, $35 and board; 3 blacksmiths, '
$2 60 day and board and $3 day; floorman,
$2 50 day and board; machine men for sash
and door factory; woodturner, $3 to $3 50
day; young men for planing mill; farmers,
milkers teamsters, farmer* and wives and
others. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 623 Sacra-
mento tt.
WANTED — Draughtsman In charge, $6 per
diem, and first-class architectural draughts-
man, $5 04 per diem; an examination will be
held at the navy yard. Mare Island, Cal.,
June 21. 1904, to fill the above positions. For
application and further Information address
"Commandant, Navy Yard, Mare I&land,
Cal."
ALL
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required; positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Three first-class carriage bla"ck-
cmtths and three first-class body makers:
good wages and steady employment to right
parties. ADDly A. MEISTER & SONS CO.,
Sacramento, Cal.
SALESMEN wanted to sell nurnerv stock;
cash advanced weekly: write Immediately tor
territory btfor* it is all assigned. CHICO
NURSERY CO.. Chlcc. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added lOo new rooms to the Denver Hou.-ie,
217 Third st. : 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
"WANTED — Capable young man as stenogra-
pher and office assistant by local shipping
and mercantile firm. Address, stating refer-
erences, '-Merchant," box 20C9, Call office.
WANTED — 10 men: must have some experi-
ence- In tearing down buildings. Apply Cal.
House Wrecking Co., NW. cor Mission and
Tenth cu.
EXCELLENT opening for hustling solicitors;
steady and good paying positions. Apply 850
Market St., rooms 43 and 44.
WANTED — First-class carriage blacksmith. 437
Frarrisco St., bet. Mason and Powell.
WANTED — Non-union laborers used to hand-
llng freight. R.'23. 239 Powell St.; 10 to 2.
EXPERIENCED continuous kiln setters and
burners. Apply »27 Market St., room 305.
ONE or two persons to learn good trade: work
year round. Apply 310H Folsom, upstairs.
GOOD sober barber Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. 516 Hayes st.
WANTED — A good . barber; steady. Inquire
143 Larkln st.
WANTED — 73 men to handle freight Apply
at room 28. Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
AN omnibus boy to tend dumb waiter. 29
Stockton st.
GOOD errand boy wanted. MARKS BROS.,
1220 Market st.
WANTED — Canvassers for good selling article.
Apply 2C5 O'Farrell et., room 15.
WANTED — Barber, evenings, Saturday and
Sunday. 30&3 Twenty- fourth st.
BARBER shop for sale or rent: fully fur-
nished; old established; corner Ellis and
Webeter sts. :,.;,' ;
OLD - ESTABLISHED barber shop; 2 chairs;
good location; living rooms. 1838 Mission.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eaper to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 478, Parrott building.
BARBERS — For sale, 3-chaIr shop In Mission;
receipts $40 to $45. For information, call at
1738 Market et
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations for
Custom-house portions will be held in
July; call for free catalogue, giving par-
ticulars. Pacific Correspondence Institute,
Grant building. 1095 Market st. cor. Seventh.
MEN and wemen wanted to learn the barber
trade, free of charge. Gillett College of
Barbers. 047 Commercial rl.
WANTED— Young man In tailoring business as
trimmer; must be experienced. Apply CHAS.
LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
TRY our men's shots, union made, at $1 an4
$1 60 pair; foct-form shoes at $2 50: we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
CUTTER wanted. Apply CHAS. LYONsT 721
Market st.
BARBER shop for sale on account of other
business. 1KS5 MI'Elon st.
A profitable outing: pick hops in August. Write
E.CLEMKNH HORST CO.. 122 Batteryst.S.F.
YOUNG ir.an to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741 A Howard st.
BAILORS and young man (green hands) for
»hlp*. HALLBERT. 517 Jacknon 8t. .
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullis. r.40. Phelan bldg
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. it.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the wcrld at HERMAN'S, 27 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night: reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISMENTH, Minncriptions received at
Call branch of flee. cor. Duncan and Church sta.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has hw-n
ooened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. __•_'
A"LL sizes men's shoes, slightly dama*nd.half
price. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-solcd while waiting; 2Sc
to We. MB Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d ats.
HORSES AND WAGONS^
FOR saJe — Gentleman's driving team; bay;
15% hand* hieh; have won numerous first
prizes In the East: are perfectly matched and
not afraid of cars or automobiles. ,
Also chestnut carriage team; 16 hands high;
weight about 1200 lbs. each; these may be
seen at the EUbles of Dr. I. B. Dalzlel. COS
Golden Gate ave.
KENTUCKY SADDLE HORSES.
A number of fine saddle horses belonging to
the American Saddle Horse Breeding Farm of
San Diego are on exhibition and for sale at I
the Ean Francisco Hiding Club, Heventh and C
its,; price $500.
FOR sale— Pacing mare. $173; t years old, very
fast; gcntl* In every respect;- safe for wo-
man to drive; will go double. For particu-
lars address box 060, Call. ->
WANTED— A good horse for light buggy; will
try; If suitable will buy. Call Gem Gro-
cery. 600 Second st.
FOR sale— Bay horse. 6 years old. 1100 lbs,
15% bands; good buggy horse; also broken
to saddle; perfectly gentle. Box 655, Call.
CAMP wagon for hire. Apply 1421 Buchanan
, street.
REAL^ E ST^ T g~ f:lTY — F O ** SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE * CO..
638 Market Street.
$.10,000 — Large . lot . on O'Farrell st. near
Taylor; nominal Improvements; renting for
$100 per month.
$17.500 — 6 strictly modern nd new flats, con-
taining 5 rooms and bath each; lot 50x123 feet;
a monthly rental of $165; mortgage of $3000
can remain.
$16,000 — Howard st.. close to Third. 4-story
building, containing store below and 3 floors
above; rented for $125 per month; could easily
be increased fully 20 per cent; a positive bar-
gain for this money; never before on the mar-
ket at this price; mortgage $9000.
$12,250— Reduced from $14,000; 3 magnificent
new flats, situated on key lot; every room
sunny; modern Improvements throughout; Ash-
bury st., near Park Panhandle.
$S250 — Folsom st. near 8th; 2 flats of 9-9
rooms and bath and laundry; rents low at $63
per month.
$8000 — 3 new flats in the warm belt of the
Mission, containing 6 rooms and porcelain
bath each; rent $72 50 per month; very low at
this figure.
$7250 — 0 very fine flats, containing 4 rooms
and bath each; separate entrances, brick foun-
dation; lot 32:6 feet frontage; located In the
Mission warm telt; newly painted; flats In ex-
cellent condition; mortgage $3000; rent ex-
ceedingly low at $71 50 per month.
$7000— Leavenworth st., near Clay. 2 very
fine flats, containing 6 rooms each; rented for
$62 50 per month.
$G500— Key lot on Pevlsadero St.; 27:6 front-
age; cottage of 6 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements; unfinished basement
$6000 — 2 flats on 22d st, near Valencia: 5-6
rooms and bath; rent extremely low at $42 50
per month.
$6000 — Buchanan St., near Jackson; Improve-
ments consist of a cottage.
$5750— Plerce-st. residence, 2-story, contain-
ing 9 rooms and baths, 3 toilets; this Is a
snap; mortgage $3000; readily rented for $50
per mont(.
$5000 — Oak-st. cottage. 5 rooms on main
floor, one In basement and one in attic; attic
finished.
$4SC0 — Union st., near Mason; lot 37:6 foot
frontage; improvements consist of 2 cottages;
nominal Improvements.
$4500 — Btocktcn-it. building lot between Cali-
fornia and Sacramento sts.; 30xeO feet through
to Brooklyn alley; owner has plans costing
$16,000 and which will rent for $200 per month.
$4400 — 2 beautiful sunny' flat* of 5-fi rooms
and bath; finest flats In the Mission" district;
rents for $40 per month: should bring more;
$1400 mortgage; can secure considerably more.
$3700— 23d St.. west of Vtcksburg; 37:9 foot
frontage; 2-story house of 8 rooms; also stable
in rear; rent $30 per month; place In elegant
condition.
$!i.00 — Cottage on 22d St.. S rooms and bath;
alrr.cst new; modem in every respect; rent $25
per month.
$2900 — Florida St., near 21st; modern cottage
of 5 room" and bath; high basement; would
rent any day for $25; $1100 mortgage in Hi-
hernia Bank.
$2700 — Cottage on Day et, near Noe: new.
modern and complete throughout; 0 rooms and
bath; can be sold on terms to suit purchaser.
' EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
63S Market street.
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
25 Poet Ht.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers — Rents
- Collected — Loans Negotiated.
City Agents for Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.
Publishers of the "Buyer and Seller." a
monthly paper devoted to the Interest of
real estate owners and those Intending. to In-
vest Contains a full list of property for
sale. Free on application.
$8,500— Reduced from $9500 for immediate
sale: large lot, 27:6x120 to rear street:
2 flats on Hayes st. of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each, and cottage on Linden
ave.; monthly Income $6S 60.
$3,000— An offer wanted; large NW. corner,
80x114; Sanchez and Duncan sts.; suit-
able for a builder; will subdivide into 4
large lots.
812,000— Frederick st. near Ashbury: new
building of? flats of 6. rooms and bath
each; rents $112 50 per month; lot 25x
103.
$0.000— Polk st; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
bath each: rents $47 50 per month.
$4.200 — Californla-st. building lot: sunny side;
splendid frontage; 27:6x132:6; sld?
sewer to curb line; cheapest lot on the
street.
$1,100— Sunset District; 3 cottages of 3 and 4
rooms each; convenient to the cars:
short distance from the Park; price
$1100 each; lots 25x120.
|4,50O — House of 6 rooms on WHlard *t. : rear
entrance for t«am or automobile; un-
surpassed view of city, bay. Park and
ocean.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS MARINE VIEW
RESIDENCE SITES.
Selling fast! Prices most reasonable.
Terms to suit
Property and streets on official grades;
sewer work done: see the buildings now go-
Ing on in block.
Bounded by VaUejo, Green. Broderlck and
Baker sts. Select your building site. For
further Information apply at office.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
$1 23 PER week: no interest: lots .n the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: a!l level; no grad-
Inc to do: ready to build your little horr.e
on; close to electric car* and school.
W. J. WHITE. •
. 26 Montgomery st.. room S.
$37.",0 — A 1»-ROOM residence; porcelain plumb-
ing; modern mantels, tiling: lot 25x120, with
rear L; west line 129 2d ave., 180 ft. south
Lake or Sacramento St.; $500 cash, $3O mo.;
samu as rent; to examine property please get
permit at office. Dolan Co., owner*. 24 Mont.
FOR sale — $12,000. cash $200O. 3 swell marine
view flats not yet completed: rents $1320
per annum; north line Green St.. Nos. 1864-
f.'i-CS. east of Laguna: every room is and will
be sunny: every possible latest Improvement;
lot 25x137:6. Apply at the premises, 11 to 3.
PARTIES having lots for sate north of Golden
Gate Park can find an Immediate purchaser
by communicating with W. J. OUNN. 530
California st. iPavlngs Union BuiMlnc.)
FREE homestead presented by Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. See
J. G. GORDON. 028 Crossley bldg.. 2:30 to 3
p. m. dally
SNAP — Cozy sunny cottage. 3 rooms, bath anj
laundry; latest Improvements: north rtd*
O'Farrelr St.: $4000 only. Inquire 1303 Da-
v!«adero. between 10 and 12 a. m.
FOR sale— Paying piece of property; 3 flat*. 8
and 7 rooms; owner leaving city; no agents
Address box 2027. Call.
$7500 EACH — 3 new 9-rooms and bath dwell-
Ir.gs; elegantly furnished: on Fell st. 25
feet west of Fillmore.
MONEY at « per cent for the full cost .»f
buildings and part lot. Manhattan Savings
Bank. 1 07-8-9- ;i Crocker building.
FOR sale — 2 houses: each 8 rooms and bath;
lot 2Sx34. Apply 970 Pine st.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH A MAYEJI. Plumbers. 83« Howard st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
1 United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
A SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAIN HOME.
120 acres, with a $4500 crop: books to show:
an ec-tablisbed summer resort; sprinkled
roirl: rural delivery: over 23 per cent net
Income; good reasons for selling: pries $10.-
000. B. II. NOBLE, Los Gatos. CaL
CHARCOAL burners— We have 200 acres
heavy oak. manzanlta and madrona timber
to turn into charcoal: will sell for royalty
or percentage; three miles from R. R. : down
hill; easy to reach. Hermosa Ranch Co..
Cloverdal*, Cal. -
I ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTEtt CO.. «43
Market st.
SOUTHERN Oregon irrigated lands, dairy
farms, stock ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land, mines. S. C. TRAYNER. 804 Kearny.
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE.
A 2-ACRE home in Elmhurst: 8-room house;
newly papered and painted; has a good barn
and outhouses; choice fruit and berries; love-
ly flower garden; 7 minutes' walk from elec-
tric cars: this Is a beautiful home; "price
$4000: will exchange for Oakland or Saa
Frandoco orODerty. MITCHENER &-BAR-
TON, 916 Broadway, tel. Main 117.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
INCOME Oakland property to exchange 'for
good country property. P. C. LASSEN, 4CS
Tenth st, Oakland. CaL
HORSES AND J WAGONS — Continued.
AUCTION sal* every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 100 Stevenson. S. F.
SECOND-HAND camping wagon. 843 Howard
street. •-'.'-!..-'-¦;;¦:-•.:
{ ONE double and one single set of buggy har- '
ness for sale. Box 560, Call office. , !
FOR sale — Light running rubber tired buggy.
Box 685. Call office.
SORREL home for sale, 7 years old; true and
gentle. Box 729, Call office.
FOR sale — Two second-hand platform spring
wagons and 'one truck. 233 Beale st. • • ¦
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1615 Market St.. opp. Franklin.
1 WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
r.es«. work nnd driving horses. ISth-Valencls.
—^_^_ — .^ — — — — — — i mmmm mmmm .———_—
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5- room house; very
cheap. 1109 Mission St.. near Seventh.
NICELY furnished house of 7 rooms, close In;
J will sell reasonable. Tel. Polk 3841.
; INVESTMENTS?
GOOD Investment — A limited number of shares
at 25c per share; this stock will be worth
one dollar ($1) per share wirntn a year; call
or write Osceola Mining and Development
Company. 414 Croesley building. S. F.
LAUMCHE3 FOB SZHB.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
tt.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 034.
J. Michaells Launch Co..Unlon-st. wharf; boat-
Ing A excursions. 5 Struait St.; tel. John 26»3.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Sunday, near life saving, station on
Ocean boulevard, gold watch and fob: watch
marked F. E. B.; both watch and locket con-
tained photos of women. Liberal reward will
be paid upon return to J. M. CREMIN,- Call
business office.
LOST — June 6, 1904. a lady's gold watch. Ini-
tials R. H., between Third and Folsom,
Geary and Kearny sts.; reward. 52 Geary
street.
LOST — Black pocketbook, containing small dia-
mond ring and small diamond In setting;
keepsake; reward $5. Dr. Scholtz, 403 Powell.
LOST — Small black purse, containing about $50
and Yale key. Liberal reward for return to
207 Lark in St., flat 4.
LOST — Bay horse from 119 Laurel et.; return;
reward. 322 Polk st.
LOST— A gold If". S. G. W. badge on May 29.
Finder return to 735 Tehama st. ; reward.
MEDIC aTT.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures: no ex*
crbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience- In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specially for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 820 Post st.
MRS." DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. IOCS 1 ,*, Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe, end tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OBGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— AH w^io are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st
SPECIALIST for women; DR. R. H. WE9-
TON. office 305 Kearny St.; hours, 10-4, 7-8;
consult a graduate physician; it pays; irregu-
larities relieved; safe, sure and. confidential.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, above Van Ne^a — Ex-
pert in obstetrics, female complaints: inst.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yrs.ex.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118~Marke^RelIabTe~ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises, is permanently located at B11A
Leavenworth st, bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 210 Kearny st.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom St.. corner
2Cth; ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
STANDARD oil rig. fully equipped, and 1500
feet of casing, 11% in. to 7H in.; also 1500
feet of S and 6 Inch drive pipe. Apply for
particulars GAFFEY A MAHON. 600 CaU-
fornia st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~
Repair it with elatcrlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating: good over old
Iron. tl.i or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys; shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
A HANDSOME brougham, with new rubber
tires; newly repainted; just out of the shop.
J011 Sutter st.
A— FINE suits. $7 B0; dress paints $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st.
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, cells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, bolters, water pipe, shafting pulleys.
etc. iWHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
GENTS" full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
stilts to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st '
DIAMOND?, wawhes and Jewelry for sale on
rmall weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Etockton st.
OIL s'ove tops put on, 25c; high tops; Intense
heat: no smoke: all kinds tin work made, re-
paired. D. S. WEAVER. SOS Gouch st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved frum Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st,
upstairs. •
Fun SALE— Good s*>cond-hnn<1 wharf p!ank.
$0 50 per M. LEROY UHUNDAGE. 2021
Seventeenth st.
A LTE RA TION pale— Best $2 M hats. tTtO.
Pcpular Price Hatter. 3"0 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. tn. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY cur men's ehoes st $1 and $1 50 pair;
foct-fenn shoes at $2 50; we pay express i
charyes. 11 3d St.. Kxatn. bid.; catalog trefc,
S1XOND-HAND sealskins, old KOld and dla-
mends bought; send postal: will call. New
Municipal Loan Office. 017 Washington st
A — $40 Columbia graphophone with 62 disc
records; sell for $18. Box 2513, Call office.
BEST white lead 7c tw-r oound; to palmers
\*e». BUTCHER. 741 Mission nt.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks In the me and preserve the
pew. -JOS Front «t.; tel Main 1428.
FOR sale— Elegant CO-llght electric" bath cabll
net reasonable. Electric Works. 227 Ellis st.
SINGER, drop head, sewing machine, used
short tur.f. fcr gale. "2244 Mission, nr. JOth.
LAUNCH for sale; hunting cabin: 0 H.P.;
new engine; snap. 1528 Bay St.. Alameda.
AWNINGS, tents, new. second hand'. SUN TENT
A AWNING CO.. 42 Spear st; tel. John 6488.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT A AWNING CO.,35 Mkt.Tel.Bush 853.
PIGEONS — Al! the lending varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 22» Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition 31
vols. KING'S, 61 McAllister St., nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Baclgalupl,
moved to 780 Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; soms '
new: 16x16. 319 Third st; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN. 803 Hayward bldg.
6AFE3 and rath registers, new and cecond-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st
SOME good second-* -.nd gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. K. B. Beck A Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. . THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 807 Battery st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE — »'o«
DESK sale this week only, 20 per cent off
regular prices. RICHARDSON BROS., 1816
Market at.
MOVING plctares, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. K. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. f
GASOLINE engines, auto— -biles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS AVAXTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' lull dress suits etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 23
Etockton st.
WANTED — To buy second-hand waffle Irons
for wajron. Box 2070, Call office.
MORRIS gives highest prices' for ladles' and
gents' castoff clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. TeL
Davis $25: C50 Sacramento st. .
TILTON tiants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth «t.; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 782 Mission; phons Bush 467.
SHOES wanted: misfit A castoff; highest prcs.;
new A 2d~hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
~ MONEY TO LOAX.
AXA^lERMAN"MURPHYr~
U01-K02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no amappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential:
When You Need Money
Eee HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTERE.ST 5Mi AND G PER CENT.
APPLY DIKECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY. OAKLAND,
TOWN AND COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estatrs In probate, undi-
vided Interests In real estate, property In
trust; loans cloned promptly.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
107-8-9-11 CF.OCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET STREETS.
» WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
lBt. 2d or 3rd
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
Lwatlon, etc.
Box 4U0. Call office.
LOWEST BANK RATE.
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
estates In probate, undivided Interest In
estates, assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of Interest.
RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery st.
SALARY LOANS—
Money ioaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com. :
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. <J3 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: ¦¦aey payments: large business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
¦ st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4.
1 PER cent on- furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, sliver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth et.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission; Installments accepted.
•BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 - . .
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland Office. XluSH.Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
TO Falarled people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
ALL loan* on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo.'S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
MONEY to loan for building purpose* • low
rate; private party. 234-235 Parrot bids.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
114 per rent on furniture and pianos: no com.
charged. ELFVING, 616 Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorger. MORELL. 600 Ex&mlner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL UPRIGHTS:
Neubert. new $250. now $60.
Fischer, new $325. now $85.
Hertz, new $300. now $07.
Huwell new $JS5. now $135.
Colby new *425, now $180.
2 Chlckerlngs, new $450. now $100. $135.
2 Stelnways, new $575, $750; now $133, $325.
Heine, new $575. now $333.
and 50 other?. Several £<juare» at bargain
prices. Call and examine them. Rents $2 up.
Installments $4 up. Old pianos or organs taken
In exchange. Tuning $2. finest workmanship.
HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Geary st '¦ Oakland,- 1252 Broadway.
A NICE small upright: good order $10
One a little betttr, for practice $50
One Kranlch 4 Bach, condition fine $100
One Belmont: mahogany case; a snap... $147
One Little Jewel; used thre« months $150
One Sterling: ¦ walnut case; good order.. $155
One Mathushek; fine order; rosewood. .$1U5
Also one Chickerlng. 2 Voso. 2 Stelnways, 2
Etecks, 1 Knabe; all In first-class condition;
easy pay's. Benj. Curtaz & Son. 16 O'Farrefl.
A SENSATIONAL fire— Storage* pianos and
furniture will be remover! to North Beach
and ourned If not sold In a few days: thM
means storage i>ianca and furniture almo«t
cheaivr than fire wood, and must be re-
tuov-:d. Whitehead's Storage, 1U3G Market
PIANOS for rent; $3 per nionth: the largest
and lift stock In San Francisco to select
from; planes from $.~0 upward: our Una the
b*ft. our price* the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. :>«0-64 Hayes st.
SPECIAL barealns this week: square pianos.
J2S: uprights. $100 up; organs; $25. BYRO.V
MAU7.T. 308 Post St.
FOH wtle— Klne uprlirht piano, on account de-
partur*: uecd one year. Box 20G8, .Call.
WILL sell for Storage! line Hnzelt>n and Vosa
pianos. STATHAM'S, 110 McAllister St.
SOHMKH, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
A BEAUTIFUL Stelnway uprlfiht grand, as
Kcod as new: cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
?1C5— STEINWAY upright: private party; no
Teastnable rash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
nirr.ts. SCHMITK & CO.. 10 McAllister tt.
3-PKDAL Etelnway up; Chkkerlng baby grand;
Khonlnger. little used- Kcpffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
OI-KHK* AM» Vl'OKKS Tt» LK1'.
OFFICES— 2S!) Post St., cnr. Stockton; all light
and on street; fixed to Milt tenant.
. PERSONALS.
ATTENTION.
See the exhibition in window at Union Drug
Co., corner Sutter and^tockton sts., a living
face with wrinkles and bagglncss removed
from 0110 side; contour and color of youth re-
stored. Treated two years ago by
M. ELLA HARRIS,
781 O'Farrell st.. near Larkln.
superfluouJThair
. Permanently removed by the use of "Sten-
•ile." th« most wonderful and effective dur-;
matologlcal preparation ever placed before
the public; will positively remove by the
roots any growth that can be presented: will
not injure most delicate skin. Sold and. ap-
plied by Mrs. E. G. Henderson. 32CA Ellis.
DR. UOWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
I rheumatism, paralysis,' neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by 111 druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
A NEW METHOD— Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlareed by my method; magnetic
massage by appointed graduate, old school;
stricUy confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSER.
K37 Bush St.. apt. 3O9;- phone Front 87.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Burope. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
BEBKELEY ADVEBT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL BSTATB.
BERKELEY BUSINESS PROPERTY M afl
Investment is equal to anything on >th«
coast. There is money to be made by JBuy«
Ing that class of property— fivs local train*
every hour from Berkeley station to Saa
Francisco.
Berkeley Is a village no more — It is th«
center of California for many things.
BERKELEY IS CALIFORNIA.
POME GOOD BUYS.
A thoroughly well-built two-story brick build*
Ing. a NW corner 6 stores below and Satl
above, paying well.
A fine corner on Shattuck are., very proml*
nently located; vacant; there's money In It
A stone and brick warehouse, fitted with con*,
partments. elevator etc.. in a business ccntsrt
leased for five years.
A business block on Telegraph av».. 3 store*
and flats above with vacant corner adjola»
ing for fUts; a choice proposition.
JOS. J. MA.SON.
Cor. Center and Shattuck. Berkeley.
FOR SALE.
$2900 — A beautiful new cottage of 3 rooms,
with bath, largo china, closet, sideboard and
mantel, combination gas and electric light
fixtures, large porch. 7- foot basement undev
entire house, stationary tubs, double floors-
cement sidewalk, macadamized street; lot
4^x100; only 2 blocks of school: 3 minutes*
walk from station: 10 minutes from univer-
sity: situated at l'J03 Virginia st. : $1150 cash,
balance at $22 per month. Including Interest
and principal.
MORAN & SWAIN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. opp. Berkeley sta.
GOOD Investments near new Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block: 271 ft. frontage on track: tw«
blocks from Berkeley station ..$23oil
Lot 25H100; 1 block from railroad $2<xJ
Lot 40x135; mac.; within H block 1450
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2Bo4
Buy where values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lnts and a number ol
eheao houses.
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 1066 University av*..
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'lTNTa
FRl'ITVALE REAL ESTATE.
TWO acres, corner, cottage of 4 rooms, bar 1 ?,
pantry, basement, windmill and tank. chlck<>4
yard* 150 fruit trees, berries, etc., cheap*
C. MICHEL. Elmhum. Cal.
FOR sale— $2750; It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY. .
OAKLAND REAL K STATE.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$1350 — Reduced from $6000 to effect quick
sale for Eastern client: lovely horns on Oals,
St.. near Madison Square; 9 rooms and bath,
and fine etable.
$950— Reduced to close out: elegant. elevate4
site for a home; choice lot. 40x115, In beautU
ful College Heights. 34th and Webster sts.
$3100 — Pretty ti-r"om cottage on Adeline st.,
near 12th: lot 40x100.
$3100 — Flue flats, with 50-foot lot: well lo-
cated- rents $30 and insured for $2600; a sp»«
cial snap; will take good lot In part payment.
$625<>— Very central corner; 100x75; opposit*
a city square: splendid site for fiats or apart*
ment house.
$2500 each — Best bargains ever offered; only
2 more left of those Jones estate cottages on
Jones st.. bet. Grove and Telegraph; 8 room*
BELDEN. REAL ESTATE.
1112 Broadway. Oakland.
$500 CASH. $12 monthly — Cottage of 6 rooms
and bath, cellar and basement; good barn,
stable chicken houses, chicken runs. 30 as.
sorted' fruit trees, all in fine bearing. 6 B»t-
gian hares. 20 fine laying hens, nice garden
and lots of flowers; some furniture goes wltl»
place; 125 feet fronting on main road, by
good depth: sandy loam soil; near electno
car». church and school; an Ideal locality:
adjoining East Oakian.1: away from fogs an<t
winds- price In all $1425. Call or send for
circular 455 7th St.. opposite Broadway sta-
tion. Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z. J0NE3.
Land Owner.
$3.V>0— NEW house: 6 rooms, bath, etc.; neae
Key route station; $">'» down, balance flat.
MRS J T. JENNINGS, owner, room 10.
2115'All3ton way, Berkeley. 2 to 4 p. m.
A FINE home in Contra Costa County: 20
acres; 9-room house: orchard, vineyard,
chickens and cow; implements, etc. for salo
or lease. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 4eo TentU
St.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND FURNISHED IIOl'SES.
$33 — NICELY furnlsht-d 6-room story and »
half Swiss colonial home: owner going awar
till SeDtember: sunny side of street; no smalt
children.
S. M. DODGE A SON.
1160 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
k t)AKLA.MJ Flit.UrtltB VOH SALS.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. 21. SchPilhaas.llth st-.cor.store.Oakland. •'
San Francisco Advertisemts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A^749 PACIFIC St.. cor Stockton — Llettt
housekeeping rooms. $2 weok: also alngl*
rooms, $1 w*ek and up; respectabU place.
A SNAP— 3 partly furn. housekeeping rooms]
$15 mo.: sur.ny. The Virginia. 1005 Powell st.
BROADWAY, Iti72 — Two modern furnished o*
unfurnished housekeeping rooms, with run-
•ling water. In a private family; fine loca-
tion: with use of parlor, baths and phone;
. must give reference. Call befora 10 a. m.
or after 4 p. m.
CALIFORNIA. 1C22-3 completely furnished
houaikeepins rms.; bath, yard, tel.; prtvatt.
EIGHTH. 10V4— Housekeeping room; fumlsfcedx
bedroom and kitchen adjoining.
ELLIS »X6 — Two parlor?; housekeeping: run-
ning 'water and gas range; and basement.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 433 — Furnished room*
for. housekeeping.
JACKSON 2311— Housekeeping rooms; com-
pletely furnished or unfurnished; gas range;
phone; bath.
JONES, 507, June. OTarrell — For light house-
keeping. 2 Lretty sunny rooms: also singiC.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1U0 Pine—.
Sunny furnished 3-nxim suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rat* $00 up.
LAGUNA. 1507. cor. Geary — Newly furnishes
sunny rooms, all connecting: bath, phone,
modern; private family: reasonable.
LARKIN 320. cor. G. O. ave. — Furnished sun-
ny; central; bath; phone: run, water; rea*.
LARKIN. 1007. corner Post. The Cragburn-»
Sunny furnished rooms, stng'.e or en suite;
housekeeping apartments a specialty: baths;
reduced rates for summer; Larkln and Sut-
ter-st. cars pass house. .
MCALLISTER. 1247 — 1 or 2 front rooms, vfith
U3e of kitchen.
OAK. 117. and 533 McAllister— Suites and sin.
gle. $5 to $12; gas range; hot bath; laundry;
adults.
PEARL. 3 corner Market— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; no children: $14. .<-**
POLK «12— $14; bedronm. kitchen, gas sto*«.
bath; large front suite. Louaekeeping: rea*.
SUTTER. 717 — Elegant housekeeping rooms;
also offices; fine location.
SUTTER. 2170— 3 housekeeping rooms; fur-
nished or unfurnished; range: sink; phoM*
bath: reasonable.
TURK 803— Nicely furnished suit* an4
kitchen; running water, gas, bath, phona.
VALENCIA. 9C9— Nicely furnished. lunay. al-
cove suite and large kitchen; gas range;
running water; large closets; no children.
VAN NESS. 51«— Housekeeping suites, single
rooms: table board: reasonable.
4PAETME.1T UOTJSXM.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS. ____; „
1084 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully Usht and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now.
ST CEC1LE 115 Fell. above Van Ness ave. — Thw
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
! ntshed 3-room apartments, with private baths.
steam heat, electric light, elevator, gas ranges;
$U0. $33. »i7. $40. $45. $47 50, $50. $53.
ST LOUI3. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms: furn. or unfurn.; refs. T»L East 1330.
Continued on Pace Fourteea. '.
CLAMCVOYA.XTS — Continued.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
. ar.d Itching scalp; no - stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; %t druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 133$ Polk
CHYLO— Positive cure for indigestion, dys-
pepsia and preventive of appendicitis; by
raall 10c, 25c, 50c per box. The Chylo Co.,
121 Geary st., room 721.
: "VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing oiganic weakness drains, varleocele.
etc.; easily worn: $2 SO postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 140 Geary. S ; F.
TOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post, near Powell.
J. McKINNY (cook), address for Information
of value. ELLA M CUSACK. General De-
livery, Washington and Battery sts., city.
PARISIAN DERMATOLOGY PARLOR is
transferred to 327 Geary 8t.. opp St. Fran-
cis Hotel.
A FINE suit to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market st..
between Seventh and Eighth, j'
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. .
SUPERFLUOUS hair * moles removed by eleo-
trie needle. Mrf.Dr.A.W.Travers. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE Eult $7 50; dress pants $2 CO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actlna restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 23.1 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs.;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color; $1. at all druggists*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th* reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth
Open until 11 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage nat'1
HpalmIstr v.
A-MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 460 Geary St.; phone Green 39.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 313
Taylor ft., near Geary. . Phone Black 561.
FATZBTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. B32 Market st.
I!HYSICIA\S AND SURGEONS.
DrTcTc. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021 % Market st., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at «67 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
I by use of herbs and tsas. 727 Washington st
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chines herbs. 746-8 Clay st
T 1 VUW K 1TERS ASP H> ' L< |^.?;..
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting, Exchange, 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars cf L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 308 Market
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
X^GILBERT A STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43: tel.South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Stcrage & Van Co.; furntturs,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phona Grant 181.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage * Moving- Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. B7L
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 340
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F. V/. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st; (hone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
tt.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping st cut rates.
SEWl.NG .MACHINES AKD SUPPLIES.
BUY THE BEST— RENT THE ' BEST— "The
White Is King" of all sewing machines. We
are closln* o«t a lot of new machines that
are slightly shop worn at H and 1-3 regular
prices. San Frnncisco offices, 3C0 Post St.;
1841 Fillmore st. and 708 Valencia st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth. -—
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
ch!nen; slightly used; $10. $15. $2": second-
hand, $3, $5. $S: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. ll>51 Market gt.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRIli DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods: 1 week's treat-
ment free I _Di\Cottlngham ; 204Sut2---st^^
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladies! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: Eaf«. reliable; take no other. S<:nd 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladios"
In letter by return mall. AFk your Annoc'St,
Chlchefter Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS — State Prison Supplies — Sealed
proposals will be received =1 the office of
the Clerk nt the State Prison, San Quentln.
until 10:30 a. rn., SATURDAY, the ISth day
of June, 11)04, and at the office of the Clerk
of the State Prison at Folsom until 'J:'M a.
m . SATURDAY, the 25th day of Jane.
11K>4. at which times and places they will
be opened In the presence of bidders, for
furnishing and delivering supplies for said
prisons, consisting of subsistence stores,
forage, fuel, fuel oil, furnishing power to
run the jute mill and electrical appliances
for jute mill at San Quentln, clothing, med-
icines, lime, cement and other staple sup-
plies, from July 1. l'JOl, to June 3u, 1005. in-
clusive, on conditions as per printed sched-
ules which will be furnished upon applica-
tion at either of the above offices. No bid
v.lll be conn!dered unless made upon said
schedules,' nor unless accompanied by the
certified creek therein required, nor from
any other parties than bona fide dealers In
the classes of articles to be lurnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well known and re-
sponsible (tanking house for at least 10 per
cent cf the amount of his bid, payable to
the President of the Board, conditioned that
the bidder will enter into a contract upon
notice of acceptance, as required by law.
Bids for either prii-ion must be marked sep-
arately. All payments made on contract will
be paid In cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow, the conditions
of the schedule*. The Board reserves the
right to reject any or all bids, as the public
' interest may require, and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
R M. FITZGERALD. President. J. M.
OLIVER. Clerk.
NOTICE to bidders — Sealed proposals will b*
received until June 21. 1004. at 7:30 o'clock
p. m.. by the Council of the City of Eureka
for JSOou 4% per cent Forest Park Improve-
ment bonds: $100,000 4% per cent City Hall
bonds; $15,000 4% per cent fire apparatuj
purchase bonds, and $35,000 4% per cent
tcwer completion bonds, isaued by the city
of Eureka under the act of the Legislature
of the State of California of February £V
1001 (Statutes 1001. page 27). They will be In
denomination as fellows: Forest Park Im-'
1 provement bonds. $125; City Hall bonds.
fSOO; fire apparatus purchase bonds. $373,
and tewer completion bonds, f&75; said bonds
will be dated on or after July 1, l»O4. Prin-
cipal and interest payable at the office of
the City Treasurer of the city of Eureka.
Interest payable seml-annually, one-fortieth
of principal payable annually, all In United
States gold coin. All bids must be accompa-
nied by a certified check for 5 per cent of
the bid payable to the Mayor of the city of
Eureka, State of California. . The city of
Eureka contains a population of 11.000. a«-
eessed valuation $5.tkH>,OiiO. with present
bonded Indebtedness of $109,250. Incurred In
1902. J. P WUNDERLICH. City Clerk
LEGAL Ali\ t:UTJSt;jlt.A VS.
NUT1CK — Olllce of Insurance Commissioner.
San Francisco, Cal.. May 11. 1004 — Having
ascertained that the capital stock of the
Union Surety and Guaranty Company 'aai
become impaired, and that said company has
become Insolvent within the true Intent and
meaning of the insurance laws s' th* Stats
of California. I. have this day revoked Its
certificate of authority, previously granted.
as provided In section -COO of th* Political
Code, and notice Is hereby given that said
company Is no longer authorized -to transact
1 the business of Insurance within this State.
- E. MYRON WOLF, Insurance Commissioner.
__ WAJTTEPj— MALE— Ceau
A— Ml'RBAT &. READY. Phone Main 584S.
634 and 638 Clay St.; BS48 PHONE MAIN.
Leaa'.ng Employment and Labor Agents.
l><03 We Gave l»04 We Hope to
fio.000 Men Work. Increase tfo.OOO.
SPANISH. GERMAN. FRENCH
ITALIAN. SWISS. GREEK.
ICE W— N E W— NE W
ARIZONA ARIZONA ARIZONA
$Ht 04 IK* MILES $10 04
8950 MEN WANTED
HUNDREDS GOING DAILY— ARE TOUT
Teamsters, laborers, hammermen, drillers,
$2. $2 50. $3 and $3 50 day.
FLORENCE, center great mines, ARIZONA.
FREE FARE— 8 HOURS DAY.
To State of NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
LMTED STATES GOVERNMENT WORK.
•v>35 drillers, teamsters, laborers, rockmen, '
< oncrete miners, tunnelmen. $2, $2 50, $3,
$3 be*— 6 hours — overtime- paid— cost $1 fee —
that's all— 2 years' work.
NORTH— FREE FARE— EAST. SOUTH.
186 laborers, no experience required; you'll
suit.
FREE TO-DAY— TOU GO FREE.
GREAT LUMBER TRUST. •
196 laborers, lumber companies, $35 to $60
and found.
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIES.
~ r , laborers, foremen for mines, $40 and t3Q ',
and found.
16 drillers, no fare to pay, $67 50.
LABORERS — TEAM8TERS.
¦•3 scraper and sand wagon teamsters. $2 25
day.
IM laborers, all over California, some In
Pan Francisco, $2 and $2 50 day.
36 laborers, 8 hours' wcrk dally, that's all.
12 day.
HAT AND HARVEST HANDS.
01 haymakers, all over State. $1 60 day fd.
•SR harvest hands, sack sewers, pitchers, etc.
(2 day end found,
1b teamsters, extra good Jobs, $1 60 and |2
day and found.
DAIRYMEN. STABLEMEN.
64 mlikere, extra rood jobs,, come see, $33
and $40 and found.
6 buttermakers, 2 cbeesemakere. $40 and $50
and found.
19 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $73,
$C0 and $35 and found.
GARDENERS— CHOREMEN.
5 gardeners, private Jobs, bees here, $35 and
$30 and found.
4s choremen and boys, different Jobs. $35.
$30. $25 and fcund.
16 hay balers, 25c ton.
FRUIT PICKERS, ETC.
55 orchard and vineyard bands, permanent
Job*. $26, $30. $35 and found.
1* fruit pickers, fare $1, extra good Job,
*»'¦ and found. «
DRIVERS DRIVERS. DRIVERS.
tS back drivers fjr San Francisco. $«0.
MARRIED.
9 rren and wives for farms, orchards, vine-
yards, dairies, mines, etc.. $40, $50. J'*0.
$70 and f<;und.
MECHANICAL.
Lather, 'are $1. $2 50 M.
Croescutter, legs. L. Co., $45 and found.
Tinner. $3 day.
CirpenUr and blacksmilh, ranch, fare 20c,
$45 and found.
5 crosscut sawyers. Canrfully read these:
TRADESMEN.
6 sarh and door hands, lumber company. $3
to $3 50 day.
IS blacksmiths, different places, $3. $3 K) day.
Foreman molder. Iron worker. $4 to $5 day.
2 falnte**, parwrhancers. city, $3 a day.
Tinsmith, factory-, fare 10c, $3 a day.
6 ¦.-.•: :.. t . painters, tyj to $;5 wrek.
Wea\ers on blankets.
Machinist roller, crinder. fare 60c.
2 brick luaders country. 25c M.
Screw turners, edgerman. hook tenders
I-ogsyr. understands rigging. L. Co., $C0 fd.
12 shingle packers cut-off sawyer.
M older and nicker hand
Carriage painter and sticker hand $4 day.
Painter, carriage works, fare $1, $50 and fd.
Wheelwright, wheel machin*. fare $1, $3.
12 coopers, slack work, call very early
Bench haads. planir.r mill, fare $1. $3 dsy
WOOD CHOPPERS.
11*; woodcheppers, everywhere in the State.
Logger. Dolb*<*r logging donkey $75 found.
HOTEL LAUNDRY.
BUTCHERS — OTHER DEPTS.
IS cooks, springy, resorts, hotels, camps,
mines, ranches, saloons, etc. $70, $eo, $30
$40. $30. $25 and found.
'A second co<ki>, $3o $40 and found.
14 waiters, hotels, cafes, etc.. $40 $33. $30.
$23 and found.
26 dirhwashers we us. $.~5. $30 $20 found
15 porters, btll and elevator boys. $30. $25,
{20. $15 end found.
4 boys, city factories. $4 week: omnibus boys.
Butcher and bookkeeper, manage country
¦shop, good wages.
Laborer, do butcher's work, mine $35 fd.
LAUNDRYMEN.
Laundryman, institution. $3u and found.
IS laundrymen all over California.
3 vegetable gardeners. $30 and found.
BAKEP.S.
First. Becoad. third, fourth hands, bakers.
2 apprentice beys for bakery. 15c fare, $8
10 laborers, lumber co.. southeast. $42 found
:'5 labour*, lumber co.. fare $2 50, $35 fd^
Black&nfllb. wagon work, $2 75 day.
MUker and buttermaker. private, 12 cows
$30 and fuund.
FREE FARE TO-DAY.
26 laborers, "no experience wanted " $60
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 CUy st."
A CLERK for our office.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 CUy st.
Elevator bey, city, first-class hotel. $20 fd.
Laundryman, good on ironing, countrj'. $75
FOREMEN.
Foreman. Xrult ranch, wages to start, $50 fd.
i'O laborers, lumber company. $35 found.
* SPECIAL.
Farmer and wile. Monterey Co.. easy lob
$50 and fount f * '
EPECIAL.
Man to drive mlik wacun. 50c fare. $25 fd.
Carriage i>alnter. brush hand $2 day.
Machinist, country, fare $1 25 $3 to $3 25
lay.
Carpenter, finisher, fare hoc. $4 day.
3 carpenters, Monterey County. $3 day.
Blacksmith bljir, war city, $2 day.
14 harvest hands. $2 day.
4 laborers, curl ace work, mine, $60.
lack Stactcn, baker, please report.
MUURAY 4c READY. 034-«3<i Clay «L
MUlUtAV & READY.
MURRAY A READY.
MURRAY &• READY.
MURRAY Ac READY.
MUltJtAY & READY.
MURRAY A READY.
MURRAY A: KEADY.
MURRAY A UKADY.
MURRAY A: READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY A READY.
MURRAY A READY.
MURRAY A READY.
MURRAY & RKADY.
MURRAY A READY
MURRAY A RKADY
MURUAY A RKADY
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY A RKADY
MURRAY A READY'
MURRAY A READY
MURRAY A RKADY
MURRAY A RKADY'
MURRAY A READY
MURRAY A READY
MURRAY A READY.
MURRAY tt READY.
MURRAY A READY.
MURRAY A READY.
, MURRAY * READY.
MURRAY A RKADY.
MURRAY A REAI>V.
MURRAY A READY.
WAREHOUSES.
CALL TO-DAY.
J"re« far*. Office fee free
CO laborers to work In warehouses, $2 50
day and found, tncludlng board and bed-
no blankets wanted.
Fteady Job year round; you'll suit.
No experience wanted.
5 matcher*, special, $75 and found.
6 cooks; 3 waiters.
3 be£makers. big wagev:
WAREHOUSES.
KURRAY A READY.
OT "£S£, TOTO -IN THE COLUMNS OF THE CALLMary E. Ahcarn (owner) with Aitchlson fz
Car.flcld (contractors), architect Charles J.
Rousseau — All work except mantels, grates,
gas fixtures and shades for a two-story attlo
and basement fromo building on SE. line of
Bryant street, ;iO:H NE of Boardman place,
NE 20 by SB 75; $r.M7.
Richard F'urcell (owner) with P. J. Brennan
(contractor), • architect M. J. Welsh — Carpen
ter,. concrete, brick, mill, hardware, stairs.
Iron work, painting, plumbing, gas ¦ fittings,
sewerage, glazing, etc.. for a three-story frame
building (flats) on N line of Lilly avenue. 110
W of Buchanan sireet, W 27:0 by N 120; $4449.
Howard C. Crlso and \ Mary K. Eldrldre or
Ellrldge (owner*) with A. F. Devereaux (con
tractor and architect) — All-work for a two
story frame building on E line of Eighth ave
nue. 300 N of B street. N 25 by E 120; $2400.
. Sidney l>eibes (owner) with A. Jackson (con
tractor), architect M. J. Lyon — All work for a
three-story brick and frame residence on NE
corner of Broadway and Laguna street, E 60
by N ia?:6; $2«,500. . .
Emma V. Kaisch (owner) with J. M. Rob
ertson fcontractor). architect T. Patterson
Ross — All work for a two-story frame building
6»i lot nn N line of Clay street. 77:6 W of La
guna. \V CO by N 127 :8U; J10.50O
Builders* Contracts.
Minerva K. Frtnk to Oscar Heyman, same;
?10.
John J. P.eiiiy to Jeremiah Denny, lot 414,
clft map 0; $10. •
Parah E. Haskell and Florence G. Chlpman
(owners) with William Little (contractor and
architect) — Alterations) and additions to a two
story frame liuildlnK to make a three-story
irame building, 322 O'Fiarrei; etreet: $10,060.
"William N. McCarthy (owner) with L. Ar
thur (contractor). architect — Excavation.
chimneys, carpentry, mill work, wainscoting,
lathing, plastering, tinning, roofing, electric
work, hardware, tiling, etc., .for a three-story
and basement frame building on W line of
I-arkln street, 85 :3ft N of Filbert, N 100 by W
.27:6; *7U87.
Annie M. Doran and Kato T. Magulre (own
ers) with Joseph F. Bodnker (contractor). .
architect — All work except mantels, shades
and gas fixtures for an additional story to a
two-story frame building, contract for which
was made May 0. 1904 (flats) on lot on NE
£°J! ner of Mission and Eighteenth streets;
_James H. Jennings (owner) with J. if. Mc-
Ivay (contractor) architects McDougall Broe
A 1 work except plumbing, painting and elec
n^n. t? ork £°r . a t w <>-story attic and base!
nient frame brick foundation on lot on S Hne
sSo^V 81 *^ 1031 - 3 -V of Cherr^ w!o by
r«nP / T1 . Unian (owner) with Wlltiam P.
9™ "t (contractor), architects II. Geiifuss &
Son-Alterations and additions to a two-atory
ive™? h^ l^ on , Iot °" B Une * Van Nw
1G0 "3-' Lombard street. N 60 by E
Accused Is Again Arrested as He
Leaves the Courtroom.
William B. Kennedy, alias Richard
Jackson, alias "Yellow," who was ar
rested on Saturday afternoon as he
was leavingrthe County Jail by Detec
tives Taylor and Coleman on a war
rant issued in April last charging him
with the murder of Policeman Eugene
C. Robinson, appeared before Police
Judge Fritz yesterday.
The case was dismissed, as the war
rant had been sworn to prior to Ken
nedy's release on a writ of habeas cor
pus. Taylor swore to another warrant
yesterday morning charging Kennedy
with the murder and he was again
arrested as he was leaving the court
room.
As a rule the more a man chips in
the more he has to shell out.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. June 6—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. BM.Ask.
Alpha 10 12 Justice 14 IS
Alta 06 08 Kentuck 02 04
Andes 15 16|Keyes Graes..l 15 —
Belcher 28 301 Lady Wash .. — W
Best & Belch. 1 30 1 40 Mexican 1 25 1 30
Bullion 13 14|Occldental ... 78 79
Caledonia ... 76 78!Ophlr 4 00 4 «0
Challenge Con 17 19|Overman 2S 30
Chollar 16 17 PotosI 16 IS
Confidence... 90 1 00| Scorpion 17 2O
Con C & Va.l 40 1 45!Savage 25 20
Con Imperial. 01 021 «e S Belcher ..10 12
Con N Y 03 04 Sierra N«v .. 41 42
Crown Point. 17 19 Silver Hill ..49 51
p:ast Sierra N 06 — !St Louis 09 1«
Eureka Con.. — 60| Syndicate .... 03 01
Exchequer .. 42 44! Union Con ..47 49
Gould & Cur. 22 23!Utah # 13 1R
Hale & Norc 77 821 Yellow Jacket. 28 23
Julia 07 09! /
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 07 Ray & OBrien Ott 07
Esperanza ... — 02 Ray Ton .... 11 —
Gold Anchor. 21 2»| Rescue 05 C«
Gold M Con. 01 02 1 Ton Belmont.. 66 ?»
Jim Butler .. 45 — I Ton Cash Boy — 25
Little Ton .. 20 — ITon Exten .. 90 1 O."»
Lucky Tom.. — 03 Ton Gold M.. 13 15
MacNamara . 19 21 Ton Midway.. 3» ::7
Mlzpah Ex .. 10 — Ton of Nev...7 75 8 2."
Mont Ton..l 82H 1 S5 Ton N Star.. — 30
Paymaster ..06 — |
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
The present Intention of the Tibetans
Is to prevent Brigadier General Mac-
Donald arriving at Gyangtse, and it is
possible that recent experiences have
taught the enemy how to make his
advance a matter of greater difficulty
than it was the first time.
The Tibetans are now concentrating
in the' monastery and the town of
Gyangtse. Another concentration is
rumored between Ralung and Khang
ma.
manding: that the Amban come to*
Gyangtse with qualified Tibetan rep
resentatives to settle the outstanding
difficulties before June 25, has been re
turned unopened and without com
ment. The Tibetans, therefore, the cor
respondent Bays, have deliberately
chosen war.
GYANGTSE, Tibet, June 6.— A letter
from Colonel Younghusband of the
British mission to the Tibetans, de-
SIMLA, India, June 6.— Two regi
ments of Punjabos, a mountain battery
and a detachment of engineers have
been ordered to reinforce the British
expedition in Tibet.
George M. and Florence G. Perlne to John H.
Mallet Jr., lot on W line of Larkin street, 47:6
S of Chestnut, S 45 by W 137:0; $10.
Augustus J. Bowie (by Murray F. Vandall,
commissioner) to German Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on- S line of Clay street, 130 W of
Franklin etreet. W B5 by S 127:SU: $16,561.
Louis and Jennie Friedlander to Anton and
Margaret J. Sylva, lot on B One of Webster
etreet. 112:6 N of Poet. N 25 by E 112:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco tn Stephen
S. Herrlck. lot on 13 line of Middle street,
112:0 S of California. S 55 by E SO; $ .
Mary and Peter Owens and Emma H. Brown
to Henry C. Aschnn, lot on NH corner of Green
and FHlmore streets. N 05 by E 30; $10.
William A. and Grace G. Lange to Louis A.
Meyer, lot on W line of Willard street, 128 S
of Frederick. S 28 by W 100; $10.
Capital Inrestment Compauy (a corporation)
to Julius C. Toudy, lot on SE line of First ave
nue, 78:1% NE of Sacramento street. E
107:3>4. N 25. W 1O4:8U. SW 25:1%; $2200.
City and County of San Francisco to Wil
liam A. Lockwood, lot on E line of Guerrero
street, 270:8 S of Seventeenth 8 40, E 90:9,
S 25. E 86:9. N 65, W 183:6; $ .
Berth* and Isidor LIpman to Annie Franklin,
lot on NB corner of Twenty-fourth and Bart
lett streets. E 4S:6 byN n-.SV,; $10..
Estate John McDcnald (by administrator) to
Wilhelmlne and F. A. Gelhaus, lot on W Iin«
of Shotwell street, 63 N of Twenty-sixth, N 25
by W 115; $2000.
O*car H*yman to Robert E. and Mary 'L.
Hancock lot on S line of Day struct, 62:6 E
of Noe. E 26:3 by 8 101:6; $10.
Henry M. Jensen to Harry J. and Mary A.
WIlFon. lot on N line of Jersey street, 225 W
of Noe, W 25 by H 114: $10.
Anna M. and Henry L7 McKnew to Ernest
Ii. McKi<\ lot on E line of Collinuwoofl etreet,
SO S of Nineteenth. S 55 by K 53; $10.
Annie E. Engstedt (wife of Frank) to Pat
rick J. ShauchnesEy. lot on N line of Twenty
fifth street, 190 E of DcuKlaen, E 50 by N 114:
$10. .
Lizzie M. Hill to A. W. Johnson, undivided
tenth of lot on NW corner of Montgomery and
Greenwich streets. N 32 :C W 40:0. N 30 W
22. S (?J:6. E 62:6; also lot on W corner of
Twenty-flr*t avenue and !• etreet. SW 200, N
to Railroad avenue and Twenty-first etreet, SE
to beginning, block 421. South San Francisco
Homestead Association: also lot on SW line of
Thirteenth avenue. 76 NW of J street. NW 75
by RW 100. block- 269, same, and various Judg
ments and mortgage interest and property out
of county and all property: $10.
Josephine Cockrlll to Edward L. Perrault,
lot on N line of Jackson street. 165 W of
Hyde. W 27:0 by N 137:6: $5000.
Edward a. or Edward and Jamca W. or
James and Daisy Bulllvan to Isabella F. Srhot
tler lot on NE line of Langtcn street, 250 SI3
of Howard. SE 25 by NE 80: $10.
Harry II. and Mary Rlegle to Sarah D.
Crawley. lot on W line of Ninth avenui", 210 S
of California street, S 25 by W J20; $10.
Charles J. Howard to Adelaide A. Howard
(wife), lot on S line of II street. 82;ti E of
Forty-second avenue, E 25 by S 100; gift.
Albert Meyer to Edward Barnes, lot on E
line of Twentieth avenue, 275 N of I street.
N 25 by E 120: $10.
Charles Meyer to Catherine Meyer, lot on TZ
line of Forty-second avenue. 150 S of N street,
S 50 by E 120; $600.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Peter
Tainony. lot on NE line of Laidley street. 475
SE of Harper. SE 25 by NE 100. lot 20. block
20. Falrmount Tract: $500.
Harry R. and Caroline Whittlesey to Peter
McGowan. lot on SE line of Madrid street. 75
RW of Brazil. SW 25 by SE 100. block 37.
Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Julius C. Rela to Emerlch Lister, lot 6. block
2. Rels Tract; grant. '/
Same to Margaret Green, lot 2, block 1,
Rels Tract: grant.
Same to Charles Scharenberg. Jot 4. block 2,
Relsi Tract: erant.
George and Kate Ryan to R. E. Williams.
Jot on SE line of Peralta street, 29:1% SW
of Holladay. SW 29:1%. S 75:8. E 23. N
O0:7?4. lots 11 to 13, block 3, Franconla: $10.
Same to Jens B. Pedersen, "lot on W lino
of Condon street. 25 N of Peralta avenue. N
21:0 by W 70. Iota 11 and 12. George Ryan
subdivision Preclta Valley 234 to. 236:- $10.-
George K. and Lucio H. Frtnk to Minerva
K. Frtnk. lota 167 and 169. sift mas 1: Slu.
MONDAY, JUNE 6.
John Brcuner to C. R. Johnston, commencing
75 S from SW corner of Sixth and C streets,
S 25 by W 100: *l.
jElUa. Toncovlch to Bernhard Getz, . lot on
a\V corner of Thirty-seventh avenue and C
Street, H 100 by W :{2:<j; $10.
City R;alty Company to John II. Gingg. lot
on W line of Third street. 60 S of Hugo. S 50
by W U5; also lot on W line of Third avenue,
85 N of 1 street. N 75 by W 95; $10.
Bernhard and Rose Getz toXJeonce W. and
Frances A. Schrunk. lot on W line of Tenth
avenue. Ii'5 S of L street. S 25 by W 120: $10.
Charles and Freda Strycker to Henry L.
Shannon. lot on N line ol O street, «2:6 E of
Twenty-fourth avenue. N 100. W 82:0. N 230,
E 240. S 25, W- 120, S 2-*5. W 12:0, S 100. N
25; $10.
Edward D. Swift to Yackob Hlppe, lot 4.
block D, French and Oilman; $10.
Julius C. Reis to Mary C. Caverly. lot 25,
blr.ck 41, Rels Tract; grant.
Same to William Eieele, lota 25 to 27, block
43. same: grant.
Same to Margaret Gahan, lots 1 and 2. block
15. lot «. block 26, lots 11 to 13, block 39, Rels
Tract: grant.
Gardenvllle Homestead Association. Andrew
J. Snyder. Benjamin P. Avery, Stephen T.
King and Henry Videau to C. II. Ingwersen.
rerecortl 5S8 D. 30«, lot on K line of Eleventh
street, 125 W of N street, W 37:6 by S 100;
$&>;» .
C. II. and Mary Ingwersen to Emil ami
Hcrcnlna Schallock, lot on SW Hn? of Eleventh
avenue, 125 NW of N street, NW 50 by SW
1(X>. block 227. Gardenvllle Homestead: $10.
S. Ducae Company (corporation) to Delia
Murphy (wife of Frank), lot on SW line of
Preeita street, no NW of Folsom, NW 25 by
SW 75. lot a, Ducas Tract IV. 114 to US; $10.
!ic<*arthy Company (corporation) to Charles
S. Hill, lot 23, block 2. Lakevlew; $10.
Charles and F. C. Winters and (as trustees)
Henrietta Fried and Clara Horstmeycr to
Anna I* Hall, lot on N line of Benton avenue,
70 E of Bache. E 5 by N 25, lot 146, Holllday
map A, quitclaim deed; $5.
Doris D. Benton to James F. Guthrie, lot on
E line of First avenue, 102:5.S2 N of Clay. N
25:1.44, E 113:6.72-100, S 26, W 115:6 54-100;
J10.
Mary McDonough to William C. McDonough,
lot on E line of Walter street, 96 S of Thir
teenth. S 24 by E 100; gift.
Antonio and Lulgla Luchettl to Cartolomeo
Plcettl. undivided % of lot on S line of Union
street. 60 W of Kearny, W 20:6 by S 77:6: $10.
Tomaso and Adelaide Gustl to Francesco and
Kachelle Ricettl, lot on W line of Salmon
street, 117 :ti N of Pacific, N 20 by W 60; $1535.
Michael Savage to Ida C. Schinkel (wife of
Otto),- lot on NW line of Clementina street.
S50 NE of Klxth. NE 25 by NW 76; $10.
Otto Schllnkel Jr. to same, same; gift.
Mary MeDonough to Patrick and William C.
McDonouKh. lot on S line of Stevenson street,
250 SW of Sixth. SW 25 by SB 75; al«> lot on
W line of Holyoke street, 100 S of Henry, 8
25 bv W 120, lot 34, Railroad-avenue Home
stead: also lot on E line of Henry *U*et, 81 E
of Hamilton, K 20 by S 100, lot 0, kme; gift.
Elizabeth Buchanan to Stephen K. Jones,
undivided half of lot on S corner of Howard
and Rubs streets. SW 25 by SE 85; gift.
Joseph Seidl to Anglo-Californian Bank, lot
on W line of Tenth avenue, 125 N of Point Lo
bos. N 50 by W 120; also lot on SW corner of
Tenth avenue and Clement street. S 60 by W
120; $10.
Same to same>. lot on W line of Fifteenth
ayenu», 125 N of Point Lobos, N 50 by W 120;
Charles A. Worth to MaybelU W. Steven*,
lot on E line of Fillmore street, 100 N of
Grove. E 239 by N 37:6: gift.
Oscar C. and Agnes E. Cappelmann to Fran
cols Marx, lot on S line of Pine street. 81:3 W
.of Webster, W 25 by 8 100; $10.
Frederlk Langermann to Rosalie Stitch, lot
on S line of Turk street, 100:3 W of Stelner,
W 30 by S 137:6; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Alfred I. Coffey lot on SE corner of
Hayes and Broderick streets E 31:3 by 3 100;
$10.
Charles A. Worth to Henry C. Worth, lot on
E line of Baker street, 100 S of Oak, S 60 by
E &6:10fc; gift.
13. W. and Elizabeth G. BIgelow to Dorothea
Watson, lot on W line of Ashbury street, 496
S of Frederick, S 28 by W 100:3; $10.
William A. and Grace G. Lange to James
M. Ferdon. lot on S line of Frederick street,
55 W of Wlllard. W 27:6 by S 100: $10.
Henry E. and Lola B. Monroe to John D.
McKee. lot on N lino of Washington street,
C2:(J E of Laurel. E 76 .by N 127:8; $10.
Frank R. and - Sophie Grannls to Mary E.
Ball (wife of . J. Frank), lot on S line of
Sacramento street, 112:6 W of Spruce, W 26
by S 132:7', 8 : $10.
Robert G. Land grebe to Olpa A. Landgrebe,
lot on S line of Clay street. 137:0 E of Maple,
E 50 by 8 127:8)4; Slit.
Charles A. , Worth to Eva E. Gay, lot on
NW corner of Van/Ness avenue and Greenwich
street, W 137:6 by N 27:6; gift.
Man' Xoonan to Sarah Phillips, lot on N
line of Oak street. SO E of Fillmore, E 25 by
N S7:6; 110.
SATURDAY. JUNE 4
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
and a Mountain Battery
Great Britain Dispatches
Two Indian Regiments
3I0EE TKOOPS AEE SENT
Larger mains and hydrants^are needed In
many nortions of the city. During the last
few yrars a erf at number of five and six
story frame buildings have been wected for
hotel purposes In the most exixjsed portions
of th» city, known as the boardlng-hous» dis
trict — notably on Pine street from Stockton to
Jones. The watT main on Pine street Is but
«• Inches in diameter and tho pressure is only
35 pounds to the square Inch; and Is not
enough to supply the companies responding to
first alarm of fire. In the factory district on
Bryant street, from Fourth tr> Ninth, a sim
ilar condition exists. Rincon Hill Is prac
tically unprotected. At Sutter and Cough
streets there are two laree hotels and th«
Lowell High School, with a main but « Inches
In diameter. There are other portions of the
city whero similar conditions exist. There
is a lack of hydrants in the thickly populated
portions of tho city, and the recommendation
of the Chief Engineer for 300 additional hy
drants Is highly and earnestly recommended.
The need of an auxiliary salt water system
for th<» city Is highly apparent and immediate
provision should be made for the installation
of this Improvement. Tho storage system
recommended by the Board of Fire CommiB
slon*rs. with a reservoir at Twin Peaks, teems
to be the must practical plan, as It will afford
a high pressure to all parts of the city. With
the high pressure thus .obtained the use of
eteam fir* engines would be unnecessary In
some oortions of the city, and afford a great
savlnrr. Auxiliary hotse wagons fully equipped
with hose could be stationed In various part
of the- downtown districts and could be oper
ated by our citizens in the event of-'a larije
conflagration and thus strengthen our Fire
District Attorney Byington and his
assistants in all departments were
given high praise for the thorough per
formance of their duties. All of the
other city and county officials were
highly commended for the conduct ,of
their offices. Blankets at the Alms
house were found to be one half pound
lighter than the specifications called
for. Bookkeeper Kelly's methods of
keeping accounts were condemned, but
nothing could be found to indicate that
he was intentionally criminal.
IMPROVEMENTS ARE NEEDED.
Many recommendations are made In
the report regarding improvements at
the Almshouse, especially in the way
of providing means of escape for the
inmates in case of fire, the construction
of a new building for the feeble women
and repairs on the outbuildings, such
as car barns and stables.
"The old buildings of the Alms
house," says the report, "cannot an
swer the purpose of accommodating
tho 1031 Inmates. Some old people now
occupy hath rooms and closets."
Speaking of the. water supply In con
nection with the Fire Department the
report says:
The ircm bars at the Magdalen
Home and the utter absence of lire
escapes are unfavorably commented
upon. Three fire houses are con
demned as unfit for their purposes and
unsanitary conditions were found in
many of the public schools. By a
unanimous vote a resolution was
adopted asking the Board of Super
visors to appropriate to the school
fund $100,000 of the "$160,000 of unpro
tested taxes in i/rder to remedy the
condition of the school houses.
Another feature of the report was
the recommendation that the conges
tion existing at the various county
jails be relieved by the • use of the
forty-two commodious cells in the
basement of the City Hall, which have
been used as Junk rooms ever since
the removal of the Southern police sta
tion to its quarters on Minna street.
The report characterizes the crowded
quarters at the Broadway County Jail
as "a most positive outrage to decency
and positively against our city law*
and ordinances." ,/. „ .
CONDEMNS CROWDED JAILS.
We also find an unsatisfactory state of af
fairs existing between the Police Court Judges
and the Police DeDartmcnt and recommend
that there should be more unity of action be
tween them by affording each other as much
help as Dossible In the furtherance of the
one common cause, the suppression of crime,
and to see justice properly done. We depre
ciate tl»e election of Police Judges by popular
vote.
We find the Police Department run on fairly
strict line* and the patrolmen generally a
well-trained, obedient and healthy body of
men, but the force is entirely Insufficient as
to numbers.
Of the other four men implicated,
James Woods was adjudged guilty of
murder in the first degree and his ap
peal is now pending before the Su
preme Court. William Kauffman was
sentenced to twenty years in San
Quentln and is now serving his term.
John Coulter was given six years at
San Quentin and is there at present.
"Kid" Goucher, son of a prominent at
torney of Modesto, managed to make
his escape and has never since been
heard of by the authorities. Hender
son Is in the County Jail pending the
result of the appeals.
In addition to the indictment against
Kennedy, the Grand Jury submitted
its final report. The principal feature
of It was the declaration that the body
strongly deprecated the. election of Po
lice Judges by popular vote. No recom
mendation was made as to the manner
in which these officials shall be se
lected. The report says:
The most notable event of yester
day's session was the return of an in
dictment for murder against "William
B. Kennedy, alias Richard Jackson,
alias 'lYellow," a mulatto, who is ac
cused of being one of six who killed
Policeman Eugene C. Robinson on the
morning of January 11, 1902. The In
dictment was returned at the request
of the District Attorney, who repre
sented that he had secured additional
evidence that he thought would result
in the conviction of Kennedy.
Kennedy was tried once on the
charge and found guilty of murder in
the first degree. His conviction was
secured on the uncorroborated evidence
of William Henderson, one of the six
men that were concerned in the mur
der. The Supreme Court reversed the
judgment on the ground that one can
not be adjudged guilty on the unsup
ported testimony of an accomplice.
OTHERS IMPLICATED.
After more than five months' exist
ence, the Grand Jury appointed by Su
perior Judge Frank Kerrigan on. De
cember 3, 1903, concluded its labors yes
terday afternoon. The body was
thanked for its services by the Judge
and dismissed.
KENNEDY* IS DISCHARGED.
The report closes as follows:
We regret that the enortness of our term
rre\-ents the accomplishment of anything in
tome of the matters' which we feel to be of
tho moat vital Importance to the welfare of
the citizens at large. Our .experience has
shown us that for business or professional
men. wh» cannot devote their entire time,
at least two to three months are required to
become familiar with the duties and require
ments of the Grand Jury. Respectfully sub
mitted. MAX L. ROSENFELD. Foreman.
GUBTAV TRITTENBACH. Secretary.
In its recommendations to the Board
of Public Works the Grand Jury says:
We recommended that several improvements
and alterations be made in the theaters and
large public halls in older to Insure the safety
of the audience in case of panic, whlofc recom
mendations were compiled with.
We recommended to the Board of Public
Works- not to Interfere with the sale of flowers
on the etreets.
We recommend that there b« a salt-water
auxiliary supply plant Installed «.t Twin
Peaks, with reservoirs and mains distributed
throughout the city and that the same b« used
for extinguishing fires and flushing the sewers
of the city.
W<? called the attention of the Department
of Electricity and the Board of Supervisors to
the defective electric light wiring at the Alms
house and the urgent necessity of remedying
the same.
We recommend that the city should do Its
own fitreet sweeping and that the city should
liavo its own asphalt plant for the necessary
street work.
RECOMMENDS MORE POLICE.
The report recommends an increase
in the police force of 150 to 200 patrol
men, which the Grand Jury thinks
necessary for the proper protection of
the citizens of San Francisco.
Relating to the Grand Jury's inspec
tion of the work of the Board of Super
visors the following recommendation is
made:
As for the Supervisors, we would state that
we commend their course In mostly every par
ticular, but we would recommend that they
try to forget party politics In their business
relationship with hla Honor the Mayor, and
that they all work together In harmony with
him for the common good of the city.
We would respectfully recommend that more
ample quarters be provided for the stationery
clerk, who at present is, badly cramped for
want of room. We would also recommend that
thla official be better paid. •
The buildings for the help are In a dilapi
dated condition and the electric wiring Is Im
perfect, and thero Is a need of fire escapes on
the bulldings.*and the building occupied by the
female nurses Is unfit for the purposes for
which it ia used. While nearly new, the
foundation and flooring are rotted away. We
»e«> the necessity for a new hospital at once,
and we would recommend. If another location
should be secured, that the present site should
always be retained by the city as an auxiliary
hospital, the mild climate and pure air In thla
location being unsurpassed In this city.
Under the sections considering the
Public Library and Park Commission,
the report says:
We found the library renerally In excellent
condition; the money seems to be very eco
nomically expended, but the library Is In very
bad condition. The walls are dirty and should
be retimed. We understand this has not been
done for twelve years, and this Is especially
Important because of the light which clean
walls give, which is n<Jw unavailable on ac-
I count of the heavy galleries In the Publlo
library.
"We would strongly recommend that appro
priation be made of $36,000 ror a new branch
library for Branch No. 3. The present quarters
are unsanitary, Inadequate and dangerous to
the books on account of leaks. The present
building is "a rented building, and is of un
satlstactory character. If this appropriation
cannot be secured, we strongly recommend that
$5000 be added to their appropriation for the
purpose of repairing this building and cleaning
up the main library.
The difficulty In the Law Library 1« that
each year they give them a minimum amount,
and this la barely sufficient. It Is perfectly
true that there Is not a department of our
city government that is mure economically
handled and for which we get better value for
our money. St. Louis, with less circulation,
get* $15,000 a year more than our library does.
Newark, N. J., has but one-half of our circu
lation and gets 80 per cent of our appropriation.
Vt'e strongly recommend the purchase of the
forest park (San Miguel rancho) of the Sutro
estate, situated west of Stanyan street and
south of the Affiliated Colleges, as the same
would make an addition to Golden Gate Park,
with possibilities for Improvement, making
scenery, the equal of which no city In the
world could boast of.
Concerning the City and County Hos
pital the report says:
We visited the City and County Hospital and
were cordially received by the superintendent
and assistant superintendent and shown
through the different departments. We found,
upon Investigation, that a great many neces
sary improvements had been made with the
limited appropriation — more particularly in the
laundry.
We visited the operating-room and morgue
and found everything neat and In first-class
order. We found the patients In the different
wards clean and well cared for and we could
learn of no complaints.
We found the checking of supplies In and
out of the commissary department kept In a
very systematic manner, and we found the
supplies* and meats to be first class In every
respect
ULBRARY UNSATISFACTORY.
¦ In conclusion we earnestly commend the
Board of Fire Commissioners, the Chief En
gineer and the officers and men of the depart
ment for the admirable manner In which It is
conducted, the high standard of efficiency and
discipline maintained, the economical manner
In. which it Is carried on and the good service
rendered to the city by the Board of Fire Com
missioners and the entire department durln*
the year.
We further recommend the appropriation of
sufficient funds to enable the Board of Fire
Commissioners to carry out. their desired plan
of allowing- the members of the department
one day off each week. We feel that such
action would Increase the efficiency of th»
department.
Department In the time of need. The salt
water could also be used for domestic purposes
and for other municipal uses, such as flushing
sewers, etc. It would be a great boon and wel
come Acquisition to the comfort and health of,
our citlEens, and It would render our city safe
from such calamities as have befallen Chicago.
Boston and Baltimore. We therefore urge the
Immediate completion of this most necessary
Improvement.
.Returns Unopened a Letter
Containing Demand From
Colonel Younghusbaiid
Returns Indictment for Murder Against Wil
liam. Kennedy and Generally Con
siders City and County Institutions
DEFIANT TIBET
INVITES WAR
GRAND JURY CONCLUDES
INQUISITORIAL LABORS
THE SAN "FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE- 7, 1904.
14
RAILWAY TRAVEXi.
1 CALIFORNIA \
I LIMITED TO CHICACO
I LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS
1 at !>:.",O a. m., tbzongh In 3 days,
S with diner and all trapping*.
Other Santa Pe Trains:
7:30 a.m. I for gtockton. Fresno, BakeraSeld,
8!0O^S'.J Merced. Hanford aad Vlsalla,
4:00 p. m. for Stockton. ' ¦
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon aod
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Broad*
way. Oakland, Cal. 87 South First St..
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. Cp.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFiS
RAILWAY COMPANT.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAW rBAHCISCO TO SA2T SATAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8tfX>. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 aad 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30" p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:80.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FSANCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— ti:05. 6:50. 7:33. 7:50. »:2O.
11:15 a. in.; 12:50. t2:t>0. 3:40, 5:00, 5:20.
«:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45
SUNDAYS— « :50. 7:38. 0:20. 11:15 a. ta.. 1:45.
3:40. 4:60. 6:00. 5:20, 6:23, 7:50 p. m. fEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect | Arriv»
San Fran. | May 1. 1904. | . San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- '. | Sun- I Week
Days. I days. [ tlon. I days. | Days.
' 7:30 a 7:43 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a S:40a
8:0Oa 9:30a Ignaclo. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:S0p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 r 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
, 7:23 p
8:43 p
7:30a 7:30a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 8:".0a Petaluma. 6:20 p tt :20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Roaa.. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20a|10:20a
8:00a 8:00a Fulton. . 7:25 p «:2O p
2a0p 2:50 p 8:45 pi 7:25 p
Windsor. |
7:30a 7:30a Healdsburs. 10:20a 10:20a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville. 7:23 p 7:23p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland • |10:C0 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Ukiah. [ 7:25 p| 7:23 p
" 1 I Wlllits, I I
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Shenvood. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
"g-OOal 8:00 al Gurnevllle and 110:20 a|10:20"a
•2:30 p| S:30p| Carop Vacation. | S:45p[ 6:20 p
~8l0Oa| 8:00 a S:40a 8:40a
6*10 pi 0:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
I 5:10 P Glen Ellen. 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30a| |10:20 a|10:20 a
2::'.Op| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:25 p| 6:20 p'
ST\UES ctnnect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Bnrke's tJanitarfum; at Lyltotr for
Lytton Springs: at Goyservllle for Skagg*
Springs : at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs. KelseyvlHe. Curls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Spring*. Blue Lakes Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Vall-y.
trohn Day's. Riverside Llerley 1 a. Bucknell'n. I
Sanhedrin Height* Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot I
Springs. Halfway Hcuae. Coraptche. Camp I
Stevens. Hopklna. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg
Westport. Uaal: at Wlllits for Fort Brag!" !
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
vllle. Cummins, Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
»ens. Dyer. Garbervtlle. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka. x
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tlckctr to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L* FRAZ1ER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paas Act.
APAKTMxarrs "wanted.^
APARTMCST of 3 room* wanied. farnlshM
complete foi hou:-ckeep|^C J _J ?o i^ _'_ l a --
<TkOC>M j r «r<n^nT wanfd with oil rnodern
coorentoLea; wi« rates._ BoxJ <9._CaJ'-._
TFANTED-An ar-rtmentof rturnlshed room*
for liou»*ke»plr.s. Box l»i. Call o.flce.
noOMS~TCr LET — Fa "*V*^_"* < "*l
M«T FUaNIfiHED: HAIR MAT-
vVe??ks in kvkky room: hot
*VD oji-i> WATER BATHS;
•;TK\li HI-AV. ELEVATOR EER-
XTCB- BVEBY MODERN COX-
VKNIENCE: ROOMS $3 PER
WEFMi VI'. .
A— BBTJK8WIC3C Bamt. 148 Sixth at.— Rooms
2.V to $1 ver nt(?ht. $1 25 to $5 per week and
liKCt tu>usek*fpir.ir, rooms; open all nlgnt.
. _ ..-pj,, Almonte " ST3 Market Et. (or No. 1
A Ftt?lkt5SS5i: =5c. T«c. $1 $130 nisht;
?1 60 to HO week: house <-p<*. nil night.
AI-DINC 404 TurU — Sunny front rooms; run-
ning Tvater; $10 and <12 month.
E'JRNETT. 1*^« Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished roome, suite, ainple: also unfurnished.
E1EH 502— Newly furnished house; suites and
fainirie rocmiE: all accommodations; reasonable
CAUFORNIA. 1304— Sunny front bay-window
room & kitchen, ccnnectlng; reas.;no child n.
CARl. W — Two or three tunny rooms; near
Golden Gate Park; rent reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; price* reasonable.
DIAMOND E19 — 3 sunny furnished rooms;
hot and ccld water; $16.
CDDT 210^ — Elerant furnished double room
for man and wife, or 2 Kentlemen.
ZTJDT. 478— Suite of 2 or 3 nicely furnished
:iousekeep!ns roome with piano; al*> single
rootrs for gentlemen. m-:-. '.
ELEVENTH. 21 — Elegant rooms, single or en
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
FILBERT, i:it». baU block Hyde-ft. cars— 2
unfurnished roomw. flrst floor; garden; refs. ,
1-iLL.MORE. • —10 — $10; 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms; yard. _^_^_^_^___^_^
yCUtttS. 7. opposite City HaJl — Two double
rooms; fll and $14; to men only.
GOCCXL 750— Bunny front room. j
GRWT> Sout!;ern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35c
to $1 25 r.lglit; $1 f<O to $6 vrk.; reading-room.
HAIGHT. £2-* — Three nicely furnished rooms
suitable for two or three adults.
HOTEL DUFFER1N. 743 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nislied «ultes and tingle rooms.
HOWARD. 1P71— Large light room; newly fur-
nifh»d: private family; rent reasonable.
iON'ES 207 (Van Winkle) — Furnished sunny
rms.;' tulte or single: gent* preferred: $2 up.
LAOlfNA. 1021— 2 unfurnished room*. I
LARKIN. 1042 — Sunny front room. $7: use of i
hath: no objections to housekeeping. •
MINNA M5 — I^iree front room; 2 gentlemen |
«r light housekeeping.
NIi'K rurr.l»h«l i-oom to let In desirable lo-
<.Rlity. Address box 4C2. Call.
OKARRELL. 332^ — Nicely furnished parlors; |
punny suite or single; light hskpg. If desired, i
PO£T. f*9. n^ar Hyde— Large furnished front
room; bath: g*s: Cor 1 or 2 gents.
IHTiV.TLL. 506— Room* for gentlemen.
BOTAL IIcus«. lit; Ellis— Incandescent light*,
n>a<3!ng-roora. en:oklng-rocm and ladles' par
lor: rooms) i*t nigrht. S5c lo $1 50: week. $2
to *S: month. $fc to $50: ele\ator on ground |
ll'ior: rrrome with hot and cold water; baths. |
|
FE*'ONP. C23— Three furnished rooms; rent $13. j
SIXTEENTH. 29C5. near Howard — Newly fur-
r.;shed tunny rooms; reasonable.
T.\T]>JU. C24. corner Sutter — Front bay-win-
dow room. $10; single front room. $8.
tTiP. FALMOLTH. 1049A Market el.— Sunny
ru-.-mp; hot and ccld water: cH-vctor; $2 to »7.
T'.T.K, T.20D— Sunny flat. 4 rooms, bath, gas; !
la:g; batten-ient ; rent $16: no children.
VOLF Hcusc, 2d2 Sixth St.— Rooms from 15c
to *1 per nisht and from S»Oc to $5 per week.
T -NITKD f-TATEP. 12". Eddy, near Market— 400
rotims. :ao to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric llglils mo cas). runninir water In even'
room: elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage. :
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd et.. near Market— !
Wort convenient and respectable: 700 room?; •
2V t<> $1 5'i night; $2 to $S week; elevator; !
• lee, ltphts; reading-room; free bus; baggage. |
itUoSlM AMI OIIAIIQ. •
1IODERN flat Bnr.ry room* with breakfast and j
dinner. $20 prr month. 1254 Eddy St., near j
Jefferson square. i
OEAItV. IOijS— Neatly furnished rooms, with j
bourd; reasonable; heme cooking; phone j
Gutter 1621. j
GEARY. 501. Hotel L' Aiglon— Family rooms!
and board; entirely renovated; reas. price*, j
HOWARD. MIA— First-clas* board and room. |
tlrgl* or double. $5-$6 wk.: American family.
ROOMS AVD BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Rooms and board for 3 adults in [
• ':.:!>•.' location, north of Market et. Box
. r >C7. Call otiice.
SINGLE room and board wanted In a flrst- \
• !«*<< hotfl or boardlng-houne. Box 188. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
V.' ANTED — To rent suite of rooms, modern and
all convenienqr s. l*ox 566. Call otflce.
Ft'RNISHED room wanted; must be reason-
able. Box 1S6. Call offlce.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
EAN FKAKCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
fcui!£1r.g. 70S Market st., opposite Third—
For ths naif year »rcj:nt; Slst of December.
1903. a dividend has beeo declared at ta*
rate per usum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital trtock and participating certlScates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD*. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pasy. Con.: A dividend. No. 66, of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the izsuml capital
Etnck of the company has been declared, pay-
abie at the office of the company, rooms 202,
204 and 206, Hayward building. San Fran-
clyco osi June 10, 1904. Transfer bcoks cloan
June's. 1!K»4. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Sec'tary.
DKTIEIU.NU AAD STAMMKHHi;.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness & Market.
i- taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
Melbourne 1n U. S. ; private; established 3
*>ar» In 8. V. Tel. Mint 2C2G from 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage license* were Issued
yesterday :
August Wahl. S2, Eureka, and Josephine
Martin. 2C, Buffalo, ti. Y.
William C. Gljtssoa, 2L 1191 Market street.
and Hazel .«. Etr>ddard. 18. It3 Bartlett street.
<."hkr!*» M. Tillnon, 33, 22931& Howard
f.t.. and Agnes Krilrtiw. 20, 1018 (iuerrero fct.
Alexander Endey. 21. Jackson. Aniador Coun-
ty, and Ellen O. Adam«, 18. Jackson.
Howard J. Van Kirk. 25. 1163 Larkin street,
end Marlcn L. Gimmel. 20. 612 Greenwich w.
Florect Hoffer. 34. 1717 Turk street, and
Edith Whlttemore, 20. r.14 Mason street.
Daniel Johnson. 26, San Rafael and Aura
¦White, 22. San Rafael. " ,
Simon Levi. 41. 140 Maeon atreet, and Kay
H. KoonlgrbTg. 23, Pen Antonio Texas.
Jam** A. Ktnkade, 2.1. RSI Hayes btreet, and
Zcna B. De Witt, 21. 1523 Pcint Lobos avenue:
r>anie!e h-'t&gf. 34, Htor-kton. and Ollva Laz-
iarini, 'Si. Sto>-kton.
Thcina* L#l»ell. 24. 63 Valley atreet. and Ma-
rie Glranl. 23. <j3 Va!>y etrwt.
KVfc\ O. Neiw-n. 2.%. 43 Hardy street, and
Amelia M. Ni"teen. £1 43 Hardy street.
ISdwprd A. fiindwn. ]16, 3CS Capp street and
Coltii G. firaith, ZA, Chicago.
Arthur Le Dlra. 32, 416 Turk tttret and
Emma Pitraon. 2> Los Angele*. TT^i
Philip Smith. 2S. city, and Theresa Fields
3*. city. *
Charles E. Clement. 2T>. 2336 Pine etreet. and
Elizabeth M. Shanlcy. 25. 1111 Van Nebs ave
Harry R. Mlllair, 21, Kauealito, and Ckn»-
\ieve L. Huntsman, IS, city.
Frcd<?iick Slgrl, 29, Lick nou*<» and Xeliu
M'jtrahcy. S«. William Tell Hotel.
GuiHei'pc Litvezzo. 22. 7ft6 Brannan etreet
• nd Maria Devlnc»nzl. 760 Rrannan etreet'
Alfred L. Ktah!e. 27, 1027 Mission street^
and Vera D. Jankowska. 20, Fresno.
ScJpio O. Ratto. 35. 1340 Dupont street, and
Angelina. Ar.tonl. 20, 2111 Mason etreet.
Arthur H. Hayes, SO, Ban Jose, and Elsie
rtirhatt. 21, Eureka.
Harry E. Houth. 2S. 1130 Ftilton street, and
Eusaoua D. Ito*enauer, 24, 1128 Ktilton ttreet.
John\ W. Mclntosh. 30, city, and May R.
Button. 21. city. - ¦• •
BIBTHS-MABBIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and d'-ath noticri »ent by
mall win not be Inserted. They must be handed
m at e'-her of the publication offices and b*
lndorfccd with the name and residence xtt p»r-
•ct* autborUed to tavo the urac {^ibUshed.
RAIIAVAY TRAVElL
#Tn}li»»*1»»i»v*«»rtrt »r*> da*
to nrrlvo *t
SAN FRANCISCO.
Tbom Jcsi i. HM.
Fbzkt Dmot
(Toot of MarlOl Street >
!.,„„ — MAIN LINE. - a»ariT
7.00a VbchtIU... Winter*. BmMn 7 5C»
7.00a Beolela. Sulsnn. Elinlraan.! Sacra-
ment • 720«
7.30A Vallejo. Kopa. Call«to*«. Saata
Ko«a. Martinez. Sun Kamon B 2C»>
730a Htm. LlTermore, Tracy. L*t!irop.
Stockton 72<>
800a Pn«»ta Kxprest— (Via T>aTl«\
wniumt (for HsrtlPtt 9prlPif«>.
Wlllowa. tFrnto. Ke-l lloS.
Portland. T«com«. S.-«tt!e 7-60*
8.C0A Dsvl*. Woodland. Kafcbts LamtiaK.
Marysvme. Ofo»llle 7.5C#
8-30a Port Costa. Msrtloeis. Antlociv
Byron. Tracr. Stockton. Xetr-
mftn. Lo* Cacos. Utniiot*. .
Araionn. HaDfonl. VI '•11k
PortfTTllIe 4JZ09
t -30 a Port O •»: a. Lat b re* Modesto,
Merced. Fresno, fionhen Jnnc-
tton. Uanford, Vlsalla, Bakers-
field 450*
I.30A S|]es,.Sma .lone. LlTermorr. Stock-
ton. (+Mtltoa). lou»\ Fncrsmrnto,
Piaeervllla. MarjsTUle. Chtco.
Bed nmrr 4.20*
8.30a Oakdsle. Cblneso. Jamestown. So-
nor*. Tuolumne »u<1 Angels 4.2CJ»
9.00a AtlnnticEiprMf- ORtlensnd B«M. 11.20*
9-30a Richmond. Martinez »nd Way
Stations • 50*
10 00a The OTerland LhniteJ — Ogdea.
Dearer. Omaha, t'blcago. .5 2S*
1000a YHieJo 12.20*
10.00a Lm An«»lf« Fasseczf r — Port
Coata. Marttnes. Byron. Traer.
i.atnrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond, Fresno, Goaben Junc-
tion, ilaafnrd. Ltmoore. Vlsalla.
Eakerofletd. Lo» Aneelo* £•£?*
12.00m Bnywsrd. Nile* find W*y Stations. 3.2C«»
ii-OGPSaeraracatoltrver Steamer* til. OOP
3-3CP Benicla, Winter*. Sacrsmeeto.
Woodland,. Knights Landing.
M»ryivli:«, OroTllle aad way
•t»Uon* 1 9-5S*
J-SCp H»ywar>1. N'll e» tod Way Stations. . 7 5U P
3 30p fort Costa. Martinez. Bj too,
Tr«ey. LiUhjop. Modesto.
Merced. Iierenda. Kre*no and
Way Stations beyoad Port Costa 12-20P
3.30» Towinlte Tslley. Tla Beimda sod
Wawena 5'5S*
3 30p> Martinet. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1020*
O 4 OOP Martlaez.San lumoa. ValleJo.Ji »pa,
Callstoga. 8nntaUofta »o
4 OOP SI1««. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4-2CP
4.30P Harvard. Nile*. IrTlngton, San I
Joae. LlTermore I til. 60a
6-COPThe Oiri Limited— Newman. Los
Hsno*. Mendota. Fresno. Tulare,
BakertOeld. Los Angeles 85C«
oXOpPorttosu. Tracy, Stockton • 2J 5"
to 3Co Ilayward. Nile* itad flan Jose 7.20*
• OOP Ilayward. Nile* and £»a Jo»« 9 SOa
6 CCp En.tern Exprea*— Ogden. UenTer.
Omaha, St. Louts. Chicago and
East, Tla Port Coata, Sulsna.
Elmlra, DaTis. Sacramento, Col-
fax, Uenu 8-29*
6. OOp Yallelo, daily, except dundsr » 7 -__
7.0CP Vallejo, Banday only ( 1WP
7 43CP Richmond. S»n Pahio. Port Costa,
Marttnes and War Buttons 1120a
7-COp Oregon * California Kxprets— Sae-
ramento, Marjr»Til>. Roddlnft
Portland, Poget Sound and Bast. 8.50*
BOspRiDo Paisecger— Port Coata, Su{-
sun, Elmlra, Da»b«. Sacrameato.
TrueKee. Lake Tanoe. and Way
Stations beyond Sacramento.... 7-SOA
• B.IOp H»y ti ard, Nile* and Saa Jose (Sun-
dayoaly) 11-SOa
! COAST LINE (.larrow Uaa;e}.
I ; (Foot of Market Street.)
746a Santa CrszExeur*ion(5anday only) 8.10*
j 8-1 Sa Newark. Centerrille. Ban Jose,
l Felton, r.oalderCreek. BigBasln.
Santa Crux aod War Stailuna... 6 53p
T8-15A AlTarado. Newark, San Jose, Lo*
G«.u»,CVenwood, Felton, Boulder
Creek, Big IJaaln. Santa Crm... 8 ICs»
12-16p Newark. CcnterTUle. San Joae.
><ew AlTnaden.Lc* Qaco*.Fe!:^n.
Woo lit or Creek. Ssnta Cruz and
Principal Way Statfona .-¦*. 1055a
4'16*> Newark. San Joae, Lo* Oatoa and
... war«atlon» •„. tS.55*
4.15P"r1ffht, Feltun. Bonlder Creek aad
Santa Crnz,Batnrd»r and ?unri»v
, °°'T 6855a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SA.li Tf KAiiClStO. i cot uf Market bt. (Sll?4i
— T7:15 ».(» 11:00 a.m. 100 3 00 5 15r.il
from OAKLAND. Koot uf I'ruadwa; — tb:mt M ; ,n
; ; tS:05 10:QriA.i». 12 CO 2.00 400 r.a.
"fcOAST LINE <i:roa.l toa>ia^>:
_ P^Cl'Ulril »nd Ttf'.rasend Street*. )
R.ICa San Jose and Way Stations 8 5'"»
17 CCa 6»n Jose and Wi»r Station* B 4C?
7.15a Monterey atd Santa Cruz Kxcar-
¦lon (Sunday only) 10-3C!*
I 10a New AlmaJen (Tnes.. FtIJ., only). 4. lap
840a Tbe Cua»ter— Siopi only Saa Jo*e.
Gtlror (eoanectlun for Hoi lis-
ter). Pajaro. CaatroTiKe (con-
nection to aod from Monterey
and Pacific Urore). BaUaaa. Saa
Ardo, Ps.o Ro'nles. Santa liar
gartta. Saa Lnl* Oblspo. principal
station* tbence Surf (connection
for Lompoc). principal cation*
thence Santa Baroar«.S*n Baena-
Tentara, M>nr«T.,, (i: n .rd. Bar-
bank. Los Ange!r» 10-4S*<
f ,00a Saa Jose. Tre» Pino*. Copttola,
Saat»Cniz.Pacl0cOrOTe.Sikltniu.
Sun LaU Obtspo tnd Principal
Way Station* 4-10»
IOJOa San Jose and War Stations 1 20 »
1140a Banta Clara, ban Jose, to* Gatos
and War St»t!on« 7.30a
UOpEan Jose and Way Stations 8 38a
tSbbpOet Monte Kxpress — 3»ot* C'ar*.
San Jcs«. Del Unnte. Monterey.
Pacific GroTe (connects at Santa
Clara, except Stindar. for Sai,,»
Cruz. Boulder creek and Xarrow
Gauge Pofnca) 12 15»
SJ0pP»<"IO»-' Grove Way Piusenner, Bur-
Hn^sirif . San Jo*« and War >r»-
tlon», conneet* at Gtlror for Ho!-
lister, Tres Pino*, at Pajaro for
t'apltola. Santa Cms at Caatro-
Tille for Salinas. 10-4SA
4.30p P«a Jose and War Stattons »§ cca
tS OOP Ssnta Clara. San Jose, Lo* Gat«<i,
Wrtgbc aad prtnelpal War Sta-
tions (except Sunder) *9 CO*
IS-30p San Jo*e and Principal War Stattoa* I9.4&*
6 45p ftan*et Eiprcno.— Redwood. Saa
Joae.GIlror.^allnas.Paso Koble*.
San Luis Oblspo. Santa Barton,
Los Angulcs. Pemins:. El V*r\
New Orleans. N«w York. Ola-
nectp at Pajaro for Saata Crux
aad at Cm«mvt:ie for Pacific
GroTeaad W«y Statioa*..' 7 Ifla
t€-15p
Carlo*. Kedwood, Fair Oaka.
Uanto Park. Palo Alto fS.48*
830p S*n Jose and War Station*. g 38*
8C3f> P»:o Alto and War Station* in 15a
11.30P aoatb6anPraa«1seo.Mn:brae.Bar-
llsgime. San Matao, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Meslo Park, and Palo Alto ijtSm
• 1130p Msytleld. Moun:>Ja View. Sunajr-
Taie, Lawrence. Saata Clara acd
BanJ—e tt.4»
? for Morning. P for Afiernoon.
ibnaaia* ezeepted. t Snadar «ml7
• Saiurd.j only. - » Mood *r only.
i Stop* at all stations oa Snaday.
faT~OnJr trains stopping a; Valencia St. MathbooBJ
«rs*:10 a.m.. ::») a.m.. 7::3 a.m.. 21:38*. M, i;f) P ,,
1:30 P. X. aad i.CQr*. ' "
ffe^S^s^^Si TOSANRAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARIJ (i.VLGt.
L>e;art from San Francisco, week days, at
«:3O. 7:10. 7:45. »:3O. J»:15. lo:00. H:C« aw m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausallto only). 12:20, 1:45. a:lj.
4:0O. 4:35. 5:l."i 5:50. 6:2.>. 7:15. 0:00. 10:2i».
11:35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:49
a. m.. 12:20, 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:0O, 4:3.Y
6:15. i.SO. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. 11:35
p. m.
Arrive at San Ffandsco. week days. 6:17.
7:0O. 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. 9:33. 10:20. 11 :C5 a. m..
12:05. 1:25. 2:»O. 3:33. 4:20. 5:05. 5:4O, 6:i.>.
6:55, 7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays anl
legal holidays extra, trains arrive at 12:45.
2:05. 8:50 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m..
8:15 p. m.. 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat). On Sundays
and lcsal holiday.", at 7:45. 8:30. 9:13. 10:09.
Il:0O. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:3O. 7:13
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
9:15 a_ ta., Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
3:15 p. m.. dally except Sunday — For Caza>
derti. etc.
5:15 p. m.. daily except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyiw,
etc.
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. ttc.
TICKET OFFICK— 62>i Market st.
FKRRY— TJnion Depot, foot of Market St.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Ltara Ti* Sasiulite firry Arrive
Ban Frau Cisco f—t .f Hm kit St. | San KrarcUco
Week Bun- Suu- Week
Days. _ l! «>' s j_ X>!^r'^|*TP l k days. _p»>'<.
•-•• 8:30* Rifi^Sr^al 12:45 p* 3:4 5 v
....10:00a vS^i^Sf 2:05P»1i:05v
10:00a 11:00a <|I-v»t5Cv7 3:35 p 3:35 ?
1:45p;12;20f V-^KSy 5:40 r 6:15 }
5:15 p; 1:45 P \%&jdr 6:15 p 10:03 >
» 4:35 r| 8:50 p
* Tla CraTttj Car. * Ti m»l|wht t« Bill Tal'ey.
Tick«t J6S> Map.kit St. (North Shore Raiiroa.f:
OrrtCKs iauil sausalito Fekky. Foot Market St
liipEL
16 Pa^cs. SI pep Year
| Notices reft'lcted clmply to ths announcement
!of the event are published once In this column
ftee of chaise.
BOR.V.
j BRABANT— In this city, June 1, l!>04. to the
i Tvlfe of J. E. .Brabant, a daughter.
! DANIEL— la this city, Jun« 0, 1C04. to the
wire of J. A. Ijaliicl*. a son.
HARRIS— In this city. May 31. 10<M, to the
wife of Dave HarrlE. a eon.
JEWETT— In this city, June 5. 1904. to the
wife of E. L. Jewett. a son.
KAHN— In this city. June 1. 1004, to the wife
of I>ce KaJ.n. a daughter.
PACHECO— In this city. April 26. 1904, to the
wife of Aueurt Pacheco. a. son.
TOSO— In this city. Juno 1. 1004, to the wife
of Frank Toso. a' daughter. .
MARRIED.
LICHTENSTEIN— MORRIS— In this city, June
1 l«04. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Marc Llch-
tenstein of Salt Lake City and Violette 2».
Morris of this city.
ROSENBERG— COHX— In this city, June 6.
1904. by tho Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Harry David
Rosenberg and Ella Conn.
EAPRO— RAFAEL— In this city. April 28.
11*04. by tho Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Roy Sapro
and Tillie Rafael.
VIVIAN— RILEY— In this city. June 6. 1004.
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, pastor
Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church, Freder-
ick William Vivian and Nellie Josephine
Riley. both of San Francisco.
ZINKE— NADLER— In this city, June 2. 1904.
by the Rev. Herman Gchrcke. Charles Zlnke
of Pan Francisco and Anna Nadler of New
York. .
DIED.
Blood. Ann Lower.berg. Chaa. H.
Buttle. Ethel Tsabel McCann, John J.
Cardoza, John Morris. Thomaa
Feeney, James B. Peters, Dora
F»cn-etUL,Viacen*o F. Peterson. Nels P.
Gray, James W. Raubinger. Geo. E.
Hubbard. Henry F. Regan. Timothy
Irvine Frank N. Scanlan, Rev. Patrick
King. "Mary Thiebaut. Charles
Leighton, Ellen Wores, Joseph
BLOOD— In this city. June 5 1904. Ann,
| dearly beloved wife of the late Captain
James Blood, and mother of Mrs. F. Syme,
a native of Monasteravan. County KUdare,
Ireland.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
June 7. at 9 o'clock, from her late residence.
232 Francisco street, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a. requleta high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:S0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
j BUTTLE— In this city, June 6. 1904, Ethel
Ysabel. beloved daughter of George H. and
Abbie McVlcker Buttle, a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 months and 10 days.
CARDOZA— In this city. June 5. 1904. John,
beloved husband of Mary Cardoza, and father
of Wilford A. and Violet M. Cardoza, and
Mrs. Daisy I. Denis, a native of Portugal,
aged 67 year*. A tnsmber of the Portuguese
P. and B. Society, Yerba Buena Lodge No.
17S8. K. of H., and Hesperian Grove No. 15.
U. A O. D.
ETTriends are reveetfully Invited to at-
tend the funsral service to-day (Tuesday),
at I o'clock, at his late residence. No. 431
Frederick street, near Shrader. Interment
Cypress) Lawn Cemetery.
Members of Hesperian Grove No. 15, U.
A. O. D., are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our late brother. John Cardoza,
from his late home. 431 "Frederick street,
Tuesday June 7. 12:30 sharp <
' HARRY ME.VKE, Secretary.
FEENEY— In this city. June 6. 1904, James
B.. beloved son of John and the late Bridget
Feeney. a native of fan Francisco.
FLORETTA— In this city. June 6. 1904. Vin-
cenio Floretta, a native of Italy, aged t>7
years.
j GRAY— In this city. June 6. 1904. Junes W..
beloved ton of Michael and Emma Gray, a
native of San Francisco, aged tt months and
4 days. ,
HUBBARD— In this city. June 4, 1904. at hU
residence. 459 Geary Mreet Henry Franrie.
dearly beloved husband of Martha Fell* :
Hubbard. and brother of Mrs. J. Bronson, a j
native or Bloomfleld, Conn., aged 56 years i
and 12 days A member of Lincoln Poat
No. 1. G. A.R.
, CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
I June 7, at 2 o'clock, from, the funeral par-
lors of Porter &. White, 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment National Cemetery.
IRVINE — On the high sea*, between Pago
Pago and Fanning Island, »l'rank N., son «f !
Klizabcth Irvine, and brother of George E. I
Irvine, a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged I
19 years 11 months and 28 days. j
KING— In Berkeley. Cal.. June 6. 1904. Mary. I
beloved wife of the late Michael King, and
rrother of Hugh King-, a native of County
Down. Ireland, aged 74 years. ¦
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow |
• Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1612 Felton street. Berkeley, thence '
to St. Columba's Church, where a requiem j
high mas* will be celebrated for the repose |
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
J terment Ft- Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
. LEIGHTON— In Stockton. Cal., June « 1904.
| Ellen, beloved wife of Edmund Leighton. be-
loved mother of George, Martin. Robert, Vio-
let. Irene, Raymond and Sophia LelRhton.
1 and daughter of Ellen and the late Martin
; Healey, a native of California, aged 39 years.
I LOWENBERG— In Fruitvale. Cal.. June C.
1904. Charles H., belovetl son of Alice and
the late William Lowenberg. and brother of
! Mrs. Frank D. Worrell, a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 years 4 months and 10
days.
' C^Frirnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitpd to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the fam- I
ily resMrnoe. Dimond. I'r-per Fruitvale. In-
; V-rment Home of Peace Cemetery, by electric
; car leaving ferry on the arrival of 12 o'clock
f.-ck boat from Oakland.
. McCANN— In this city, June 5 1904 John J..
beloved ton of W. V. and the late Ellz-
i abtth McCann. and brother of Mrs. P. M.
Kelly. Mrs. Martin Fe^ny, Mrs. Margaret
Mc-Guire and Mrs. Elizalwth Muller and the
late Philip and James McCann a native of
Sullivan County, N. Y.. aged M years 8
months and 11 days. (New York papers
please copy.)
ET'Frieno's and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, 'from the parlors I
of McFadden, McBrearty Sz Green. 1171 Mle- j
Bion street, between " Seventh and Eighth,
thence to ist. Rose's Church, where sen-ices I
will be held at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy I
Cross Cemetery.
MORRIS— In this city. June 5. 1904 Thomas,
beloved husband of the late Bridget Morris,
and father of John T.. James L., Frank J.
and Mary Morris and the late Andrew and
Catherine Morris, and brother of Patrick !
Morris and Mrs. Harry Stanford, a native
of County Mayo. Irrland. aged t>4 yearn.
t_^" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 47 Harriet street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PETERS— In Oakland, June 5, 1004. Dora
Pfcters. beloved wife of John Peters, and
mother of Mrs. Joseph Raymond and Wil-
liam F.. Charles and John Petcra. a native
of Hanover. Germany, aged fll years 10
months and 19 days.
E7"Frtende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral on
Wednesday. Jun<? 6, at 2 o'clock, from her
late residence. 1402 Seventeenth atreet. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
PETERSON— In BerkMey Cal.. June 4 190J,
at his residence. 1:{1H Addl.»on street, Nels
P.. beloved husband of Johanna Peterson,
end father of J»nnle. Pauline, Adolph, Otto.
Lear.der. Nels P. Jr. and Anna Peterson, a
native of Sweden, aged 60 years and 11
months.
H^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
Tuesday, June 7. at 2 o'clock, at the Swedish
Lutheran Church, at Tenth and Grove
streets. Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
HAUBINGER— In this city, Jun« 6 1904, at
his late residence, «22 Lombard street, George
Edward, dearly beloved husband of Lizzie
B. and loving father of George Raublnger,
fwn of William J. and Louise Raubinger
and brother of Mrs. B. Burke and Wllliani
J. Raubinger, a native of San Francisco,
aged :;0 years and 10 months. A member
of Kan Francisco Lodge jCo. 3 B P O
Elks, and National Parlor No. *118. n". 8.
G. W f .
(ErFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
to-day (Tuenday). at 1 o'clock, at Elks'
Hall. No. 2:» Sutter street. Interment pri-
vate.
National Parlor No. 118, N. S. G. W The
in'itiln>r» of National Parlor No 11" *N f?
G. W., are requested to attend ' the'fun'erai
of our late brother. George E. Raubinger
to-day (Turmlay). at 1 p. m.. from Elks :
Hall, 233 Sutter street.
F. L. MrNALLT, President.
M. M. RATIGAN, Recording Secretary.
REGAN — In tho Potrero. June C. 1904 at the
residence. 1630 Eleventh avenue. Timothy
F.. beloved &or. of Julia and the late Pat-
rick Reg.tn. and brother of Katie, Patrick
Julia. May and Willie Regan, Mrs. W
Nllan and Mrs. I<\ Silva, a native of San
Francisco, aged 32 years 7 months and 13
day*. • <
SCANLAN— In New York. May 31, 1904, R ev
Patrick Scanlan, beloved cousin of the Rev*
M. D. Slattery. Mrs. M. Lennon. Mrs. B. A
Shaw. Mrs. James O'Connor James Kelly
and Margaret A. Kelly, a native of County
Kerry. 'Ireland, aged «?S years.
gyThe funeral will take, place to-day
iF. J. Monahan, Manager. TeL Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
2339-2341 Mission St.. near Nineteenth.
San Francisco.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.,
Funeral Directors and Embalmera—
| 214 Eddy et.: Tel. South 676.
(Tuesday), from St. Joseph's Church.' where |
a pontllical solemn requiem high mass will
1>» celebrated f&r the repose of his soul, at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THIEBAUT— In this city, June 4. 1904. Charles
Thiebaut. beloved husband of Alice Thie-
baut, loving father of Louis Thiebaut, Mrs.
Pauline Herges. Julee. Edmond. Lucie. -
Charles and George Thiebaut. and stepfather
of Mrs. Emmtle Behrends and Mrs. Blanche
Chaplain, a native of Paris, Trance, aged
06 years 6 months and 21 days.
E7Frlen<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tks funeral to-da>f
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clocK, from hi* late
residence 29 Arlington street, oft French
street, tlience to Qauloise Hall, No. 421 P<n>t
Etreet, thence to 3:."5O o'clock electric car
at Eighteenth and Guerrtro streets for In-
terment. Holy Cross Cemetery,
WORES — At Tuscan Springs, June 3, 1004,
Joseph AVores, beloved husband of Gertrude
Wores, and father of Mrs. A. E. Cooley. Mrs.
Harold It. Bacon and Rosa.' Theodore,
Charle«, Lucia, Gertrude and Albert Wores,
aged 77 years. *
ir^"The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at lo o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market etreets.
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Harmony Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. F.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*.... — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 488
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 83%
New York Exchange, sight — 02^
N»w York Exchange, telegraphic. — ' 08
Silver per' ounce..... — - 85
Mexican Dollars 45 ® —
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Foreign futures were weak. The
world's shipments , for the week were as fol
low*. In quarters: Russian, 386,000; Danublan,
7000; Argentine, 182,000; Indian. 213.000; Aus
tralian. 60,000. The American visible supply
decreased 972,000 bushels. The final estimate
for the whole of India Is for a crop of 35.{,064,
000 bushels, against 292.320.000 last year.
Chicago was lower and reported much contro
versy 'ever the damage to the crop by the re
cent floods in Kansas. The general opinion is
that the damage In the lowlands I* offset by
the benefit to the uplands. The waters are now
subsiding. ' ¦ . A , . ¦•
This market w*a lower as to futures, but un
changed as to th« cash grain.
CASH WHEAT.
California Glob. $1 25«1 82%; California
White Australian,, $1 82%01 67%; Northern
Club, $1 30(31 40: Northern Bluestem. $1 50
®l 65 per ctl.
FUTURES. ¦ , ¦ :
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
iKtSSi Open. High. Low. Close.
Oecember ...$1 82 $1 3> $1 31% \ $1 33
' — 2 p. m. Session.
-Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 32% $1 82% $1 82 $1 82
. BARLET— Tha week opened with lower
future*,, but unchanged prices for cash grain,
there being fair sales of Feed within the range
quoted. Offerings were ample for all needs.
. • • CASH BARLEY.
' Feed. $1 02%@l 05; Brewing. $1 0?%@l 10;
Chevalier. $1 10®l 15 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
. Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. . Close.
December ... 96% 96% 9tt% 90%
¦ ¦ ' 2 p.m. Session.
• December— No eaies: 96%c bid, 86%c asked.
OATS — Prices remain as before quoted, with
1 the market steady and closely controlled by
hO WWte.' • $1 42%®1' 47%: 'Black.- $1 22W©
1 27H: R«d. $1 27*4®1 35; Cray, nominal.
Ex- dividend yesterday: Imperial Oil Com
pany, regular monthly, 20c per share.- amount
ing to $20,000; Thirty-three Oil Company, reg
ular monthly. 10c per share, amounting to
$10,000; Chutes Company, regular monthly, 5c
per share, amounting to $3000; Paclflc Light-
Ing Company, regular monthly, 35c per share,
amounting to $14,000; Onomea Sugar Company,
regular monthly, 20c per share, amounting to
$10,000.
The Monte Cristo Oil Company haa declared
a monthly dlvtdettd of 1 cent per share,
amounting to $50C0. payable June 10.
We Ophlr Mining Company paid a dividend
of 25 cents per share, amounting to $23.2aiO.
yesterday. The company has just received
$9382 57 as proceeds of the sale of six railroad
car loads of ore and has been notified of the
shipment of two more railroad car loads, mak
ing eighteen In all now on the way.
The Daly-Wci>t Mining Company has declared
a monthly dividend of 40c, payable June 15. -
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. June 6—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.| -r: ; Bid. Ask.
»4s qr coup.. 107 107%|4s qr cp new.132%133%
4s qr reg.. .106 luti>-j[3s qr coup. ..105% 106%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW 5s.l01. — ". [Oak T Co «all0?i —
1/ay CPC 6s. — 102 1 Do Ss — 112
j #al C G Ss.lOO 105 I Do con 5s. 101% —
I Cal G & E g lOceanlc 8 5s. 65 —
m & ct . r i3\S4TA 85V1 Om Cable 6s. — 125
Cal-st C 5s. — 118 Pac O Im 4s. 02 —
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P E Ry 5s.lO4%lC5%
Ed L * P 6s.l23% — P & C H 6s.lO5 —
F & C H 63.114% — . P * O R 6s. — 11*
Ceary-st 5a.. C5 Powell. st 6s. — 114
H CAS 3%«.100 — Sao EG&RSs. 97 ~
Do 5s .... £>«% »7 SF & SJVSs.116 —
Hon R T Bs.105 — Sierra R 6».. — 112%
LA Elec 5s. — 105. S P of A «• ¦
JL*A Ry 63.111% — <1909) 108. —
Aside from some little trading in the sugar
stocks business continued light yesterday and
the markets on tfce different exchanges were
devoid of feature.
Shares Still Quiet; With Some
Trading in Sugars.
STOCK MAKKET.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — • July. •iept.
Opening .*. 6 4 6 4%
Closing 6 4- 6 4%
PARIS.
Wheat — June. Sept -Deo.
Opening 20 10 20 10
Closing 20 10 .20 20 -
Flour — ¦ • __
Opening 27 20 27 20
Closing 27 30 27 25
- St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. June 6.— WOOL— Steady: me
dium grades combing and clothing. 18923 Vic;
light fine. 15®18c; heavy fine. 12f 15c; tub
washed. 21€31c. • ;
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, June 6.— WHEAT — "Walla Wal
la, 71c; Bluestem, 79c; Valley, 80c.
\ WASHINGTON.
•TAC0MA. June «.— WHEAT — Unchanged;
Bluestem, 82c; Club, 72c. • ,
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. June 6.— Clearings, $818,23*; bal
'ai:ces, $189,530.
TACOMA. June 8— Clearing". $341,427; bal
ances, $38,022.'
PORTLAND, June «.— Holiday.
SPOKANE. June 6. — Clearings, $386,625;
balances, $41,492.
Receipts of Longworth Strawberries continued
light and that description was firmer, with oc
casional sales of extra fancy reported in a
small- way at the rate of $15 per chest. The
large varieties arrived freely and prices de
clined, as the demand was let>s urgent than on
Saturday and surplus lots were taken by the
canners at the minimum quotation. A full
chest of Raspberries from Santa Clara sold at
$15. Offerings of the same description In
crates and drawers -from other soctlons • were
In good 'request and firm. The bulk of the
Gooseberries and Currants came to hand in poor
condition owing to the recent hot weather, and
prices were .unsteady.
Cherries arrived.' freely and there were large
lines of bulk stock* carried over from Satuday.
The macket was weaker, as considerable of the
fresh receipts and nearly all of the carried
over lots were "soft and otherwise poor owing
to the hot weather. The canners purchased
freely of common white at the quotations and
paid 4'fi5e for Royal Anne and secured some
blacks below the quotations. Apricots and
Cantaloupes were plentiful* and cheaper and
Watermelons from Coachella sold at COc each.
A box of green Peaches of the Early Alexan
der variety came In from Vacavllle and sold for
$1 BO; Eight boxes of Cherry r»um» came In
from the same section, but were not sold up
to a late hour. Seedless Grapes appeared from
Coachella. Two crates' were received, one of
which sold for $2. .The Orange market was
In good shape and desirable • sizes of sound
fruit cleaned up well at good prices. At the
auction sale seven cars of assorted fruit were
Bold m follows: Navels, $3 25 per box for
fancy $1 60&2 25 for choice and $1@1 60 for
standard- Valenclas, $1 50@2 25 for fancy and
$1 40^2 for choice; Mediterranean Sweets,
STRAWBERRIES— $S®12iper chest for Long
worths and $2@4 for the larger varieties. .
LOGANBERRIES— $3 SOtfS per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $4@« per chest.
RASPBERUIES— $1©1 50 per crate an6V75cQ>
* 1 G P OOSEBERRIES— 1%©2%c per lb for com
mon, 2%®3%c for the Oregon improved and 7c
f °CU E RRA S N*S-$2.60®3 50 per chest.
• CHERRIES— Black. 40050c per drawer and
2fl"ic per lb in bulk? White. 2r«g35c per drawer
aSd 2ffl3%" per lb in bulk; Royal Anne. 60®
We per drawer, and 4«T8c. per lb In bulk.
APRICOTS— 75c©$l 25 per box or crate and
APPLES— $1 5002 25 per box for old crop
a^AN?i°LOUPEl-$r#i n 50 for small and $4@
° rfraUS FRt'lTS-Navel Oranffes. $2 50#3 50
»Ar fancy- $1 5002 50 for choice and $1#1 W
for standard: Seedlings, $1250150: Valenelas.
$1 50(82 00; Mediterranean Sweets $1 75;. Tan
torines $1 25; Lemons, $2 5C02 75 for rancy.
II DOfli 75 foi 1 choice and $1©1 25 for stand
ard-Grape Fruit. $1 B0<32 for scedleos and $l«j)
I to for ordinary: Mexican Limes. *5®5 50 per
case- Bananas. $2®3 per bunch", for Central
American and $1®2 for Hawaiian: Pineapples.
$233 per dozen. - ¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Flour qr sks .. 3.ftC0!?creen!njrs. ska.. 200
Wheat, ctls 3,474 Oats, ctls 343
Barley, ctls ...-. 4, S91 Tallow etls .... 412
Corn. West, ctls fiCO Hides. No 245
Beans sks . 2«2| Pelts. No 180
Potatoes ' sks .. C6P Leather, rolls .. 3»
Onions, aks 218 Powder. c«ks .. 18n
Bran, sks 1,100 wine. ra ls 75,550
Middlings, sks.. 200, Lime, bbls .... 644
Hay tons 3.101 Paper, reams ... 60S
Wool, bales ... SOSIChlcory, bbls .. 25
Feed sks 22!
WASHINGTON.
Flour' qr sks .. 5,420|Oat Groats, sks. 200
Wheat, ctls .:.. 3.0801
FOR MONDAY, JUNE 6.
Receipts of Produce.
CHEESE— «88%c for good to choice new
and 607c for lower grades; Young Americas,
9«jn%<N Eastern. 12%ei4c; Western, 11612c
per lb. - ¦
EGGS— Ranch, 18®21c for fair to choice and
22c for extra fine; store. lti@18c; Eastern,
lfl>i®18c.
As expected Eggs have again advanced.
Receipts are Ughter and the best ranch are
well cleaned up, but as many people will
leave town with the closing of the schools this
week dealers are doubtful whether the market
can' stand much more of a rise without di
minishing the local demand. i
Receipts were 112,100 lbs Butter, 1179 cases
Eggs and 6400 lbs Cheese. M
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. l.?%9l(T3
for extras and 17%@18c for firsts; dairy. Id®
17%c store Butter, 13@15c; cold storage, nom
inal.
Receipts of Butter continue heavy and the
market is easy, though prices remain un
changed. This 'week's receipts are expected
to show the effects of last week's hot wave,
thourh very little soft Butter has yet come in.
Cheese continues very weak and plentiful.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SUGAR.— The Western Sugar Refining Com.
pany quotes as follows, per lb. tn 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Ftne Crushed. 3.S5c:
Powdered. 5.10c; Candy Granulated. S.SOc; Dry
Granulated, fine. 3.70c; Dry Granulated. eoara«.
5.70c; Fruit Granulated. 5.70c: Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.CCc: Confectioners'
A. 5.70c; Magnolia A 5.30c; Extra C.' 5.20c;
Golden C. 5.10c; "D," 5c: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more: SO-lb
bags ' 10c mere for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.20c: boxes. 6.45c; II. A E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.70a per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7U1»
• %c per lb; White Lead. 7%67%c, according
to quantity.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases, 20%c; Astral. 20V»c;
Star. 20%c; Extra Star. 24Hc; Elaine. 26%c;
Eocene. 23%c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c: In cases 22%c; Benzine, In bulk.
13c; In cases. \ 19%c; SB-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 25c: in Cases. 31c.
TURPENTlJfE— slo per ration In cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5«jc spot and 6%c June-
July; San Quentln. |5 40; Wool Bags. 329^5c:
Fleece Twine. 7®Sc
COAL— Wellington. %S per ton; New Welling
ton. $S; Seattle. $0 50; Bryant. $0 00; Beaver
HU1. $3 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. J7: Coos
"Bay |5 50; Greta *7: Wall.«end. $7; Richmond.
%T ."50: Cumberland $1S in bulk and *14 25 In
¦neks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 DO; Cannel. $S SO per ton: Coke. $11 50<f»l-'<
per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2C00 lbs and $12 «0
per lor.g ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cast*
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 IOiSI 12; Lucol 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut, «0@70c per gallon;
Ccccanut Oil tn barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 55a
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 68c; natural winter Sperm Oil. 63c: extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c; natural Whala
Oil. 52c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75o;
No 1 Lard Oil. 63c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c;
No 1 Neattfoot Oil C!c: light Herring O13.
42c': dark Herring Oil. 40c: Salmon Oil. 34c:
boiled Fish Oil, 37c; raw Fish Oil. 35c; boiled
Paint Oil. 3^c: raw Paint Oil. 31c.
General Merchandise.
Miscellaneous Markets.
NEW YORK. June 6 —The accumulation of '
Ontario and Western stock in to-day's stock
marl:et had mure the appearance of an active
FP»vu!ation than anything- that has occurred
in stocks Mriet- the movement In the L'nlon Pa
cific in connection with the Northern Securities
decision. The general market proved Itself al
mcrt wholly irresponsive to this influence, in
epite of vigorous efforts on the part of email
room •radcrs to extend the movement into the
rest of tht litt. The dealings in Ontario and
Western in the firrt hcur made up almost the
bulk of the whole market for the entire day.
The outcome of the Incident had the effect of
leaving speculative sentiment more than ever
hcpelecs over th» chance of Inducing any
activity 1:1 the market. The dealings were
qui<k to drop Into the condition of apathy.
which has characterized trading for some time
past. The organized movement on the part o<
a party of stockholders In Ontario and West
ern to «frcct the dissolution of the voting tru»t
by which the clock 1b Tieia~tB- said 'to account
for the movement to-day. In the lethargic
condition, which overcame the latter market,
the feature vu the Inroad made at new points
In the list of minor railroad stock*.
Amalgamated Copper rose % when the re
election " of the directors without opposition
became known, but the gain was not held.
The subsidence of the floods in the Southwest
mi reparjed with satisfaction, and it was
pointed out that Southwestern railroad earn
ings from this time will make favorable com
parisons with tlie flood damage period of la*t
year. Railroad traffic officials had no change
to rej'jrt in the diminished volume of traffic.
There was a rather notable expansion in the
week'j movement of com. Otherwise the hand
to-mouth policy of business and Industry In
r^neral was reflected in lh» railroad traffic for
tho week. Movements In the international
change* were lowered to the point for a move
ment of gold from New York to London. The
money market was unchanged.
Bonds wsre Irregular, some of the low-grade
bonds falling sharply. Total sales, par value,
were tl.CM.000.
United Plates bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 2,600 69V4 69 G0%
Atchison pfd 100 82»i 82^ 92'.;
Baltimore & Ohio.. 1.100 78% 78'^ 78H
Bait & Ohio pfd 9O«4
Canadian Paclflc .. 200 117% 117% H7',i
Central of .N J 158
Ches & Ohio 29%
Chicago t Alton .. 100 36H 36% 38
Chl 4t Alton pfd 8«H
Chicago & Gt West 9.600 14>4 13Vi 13%
Chicago & N W... 2w IC9T4 18»% 160
Chi. Mil A Kt Paul 1,200 140H 138% 139%
Chl M & St P pfd 175H
Chl Term & Trans 6
Chl T &. T pfd 100 14 14 14
C C C & St Louis 68
Colorado Southern. 400 ISTs 13>£ 13'i
Colo So let pfd 300 48 48 48
Colo So 2d pfd D00 18»4 18 18
Del A Hudson 700 I53U 152'4 152%
Del Lack & West.. 100 269tf 2«Hi 26$H
Denver & Rio Gr J 19Vi
Den & R»0 Or pfd. 100 66% 66% 00^
Krie C40O 23»'. 23% . 23%
Erie 1st pfd 600 67% 56»; 56%
Erie 2d pfd 34
Hocking Valley • 6H4
Hocking Val pfd <&
IlllnoU Central ... 1-9%
Iowa Central 200 14% 14 14
.Icwa Central pfd 31
K.C Southern 19
K' C Southern pfd 3«
Louisv & Nashv... 300 107% 107tJ 107%
¦Manhattan L 700 144^4 144 144
Metropol (securities ¦•¦* 76
Met Street Ry ... 200 110 109% 109%
Mexican Central... 500 7 6>» «%
Minn A Pt Louis /. .... 40
M St P * S S M.. 1,100 81% 61H 61%
M SP A 8 8 M pfd 118
Missouri Pacific .. 200 80% 89% 89%
K rT^d Te f": -466 »H 33%
£ R £n°traf: X . P " "466 m" U4% 114%
Norfolk A West |3%
Pennsylvania 3.000 113% 113% 113%
P C C & tit Louis .... . .... w
Reading 24.100 45% 44% 44^4
Reading 1st pfd '«
Ro^^d *£:::: Vm m g* f
Rock Island Co pfd 1.300 C1% 63 63
RtLfeSFM pfd. 100 43% 43% 42%
Ft Louis 8 W 200 10U 10 10%
Bt Louis fl W pfd. NX> 2SVi • 28 27%
Southern Paclflc .. 1.400 45% 45% 45%
Southern Railway.. 6"X) 1»% 1J»% 20
f=o Kallwnr pfd .. 100 83 S3 «2%
Texas £ Paclflc 20%
Tol Ft L * West. 100 22*4 22^ 21%
TSt L & W pfd.. 400 3.'.% 34% 34 » ?
ITnion Paclflc 2,900 S3Vi KTA 82v4
rnlon Pacific pfd.. 300 81>3 81% 81%
Wabjirh 15
Wabath pfd 100 33% 33% .33%
Wheel A- Lake E H
TVlwon»ln Central. l..in« 11% 1" 1«W
Wieconsln Cent pfd 300 «37% 37 37
Km.iiw companies-
Adams 225
American '• .... l"0
t'nlted Suites , .... 100
Wells-Fargo 200 •
Miscellaneous —
1 Amal Copp»f 7.600 K0 49% 49
Am Car ft Foundry 16%
Am Car A F pf«... 200 70% 70% 70
Am Cotton Oil 27-
Am Cotton Oil pfd. 100 SS% 88% 88
Am Ice...: 100 6% ' 6% 6%
Am Ice pfd 200 26- 20 25%
Am Linseed OU - .... 7
Am Linseed Oil pfd .... 23%
' Am Ixworaotlve 200 19 "19 18%
¦ A m IxKcmoti ve pfd ..... 80% '
! Am Smelt &. RfnK. I,»00 B2% B2«i 52%
; Am S £ R Pf<I-... 70O J.7% f)7% . »7U
Am Sdgar Rfn»r... . 800 I25>4 125 124%
Anaconda Mln Co.. .•...-• :.• 72
Brooklyn R T «300 47% 46% 42% ,
Colo Fuel A Iron.. .'. 28%
CcnRolldated Cas.. 800 204 203 203%
Oirn Producti 10%
<*orn Products pfd. "..... '. ..' 04 ¦
Distillers' Secur 20%
O«-ntral Electric... 400 1.V5 ]55 154%
Inter Paper «» 10% 10% lff>4 J
Inter Paper pfd.., » 200 etP.4. :.60Ji 6614
New York Stock Market.
Sterling exchange, strong, with actual busi
ness In bankers' bills at ?4.8770@4.8775 for
demand and at $4.»j575Q4.8580 for sixty day
bills.
Posted rates, f4 SC@4 S6% and $4 SS@
4 KMj.
Commercial bills, $4 85^.
Uax silver, f>5c.
Mexican dollars. 44tic
Government bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
irregular.
Prime mercantile paper, 3*«ig4 1 4 per cent.
NEW YORK. June 6. — Close: Money on
call, ea*y; highest and lowest ruling rate, last
loan, closing bid and asked at 1 per cent.
Time loans, easy and dull; sixty and ninety
days. i'-<:2 ; 3 per cent; six months, 3&3^ per
cent.
Nczv York Money Market.
The following quotations ar« for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San KrancLsco. less 50
per cent for shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. l^HS^c; Cows and Heif
ers eHtfr7c; thin Cowj, 4Q5c per lb.
CALVES— 4QHic per lb (gross weight).
PHEEP— Wethers, 81403^*; Ewea.
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 12 25f(2 SO per head. •
HOGS — Liva Hcgs, 14O to 200 lbs. 6c:
200 to 2S0 lbs. 4V|C; over 250 lbs. 414c: soft
Hogrs nominal; Sown. 20 p?r cent off; Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6»4©7c for Steers and 5@6c jer lb
for Cows. «
VEAL— Lante. Cg7c; small. 7H'89c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6^®7c; Ewes, 5Vi@6c
per lb.
LAMB— 7!gSc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6H3SHc per lb.
The week opened with prices unchanged, but
the feeling was weak, as the market Is etlll
heavily supplied with all descriptions.
Meat Market.
Two cars of Western Poultry, chi'fly Hens,
were on sale and moved off well at |7 £0 'per.
dozen. Receipts of domestic stock were light,
but ' there were quite a few coops of small,
scrubby Hens and old Roorters on hand, car
ried over from Saturday, and such stock con
tinued to tlrag at unsteady rates. Large Cali
fornia Hens were weaker owing to the heavy
receipts of Western and were quoted lower.
Game of good quality met with prompt sale at
the previously quoted rates.
POULTRY— LUe Turkeys, 15316c per lb;
Geese, per pair. 51 50®l 75; Goslings, $1 75«
2: Ducks, SIV'i per doxen for old and
$4 5O@0 for young: Hens. $5 5C^xii 50 for large
and $4 WVi/3 for small: young Roosters. $7 50©
9; old Roosters, $1 50^5; Fryers. *5 5O@0 50;
Broilers. $3&4 for large and *¦-'?'- 50 for
small: Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old
and 11 5(ii'i2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 50 per dozen: Rabbits. $1 i5
<U~ for Cottontails and 51 per dozen tor brush.
Poultry and Game.
Trade tn miscellaneous vegetables was un
usually active for Monday and prices of most
kinds were well maintained. Peas and Rhu
barb were In comparatively light receipt and
firm. Asparagus was steady, with the canners
taking the surplus at 4Hc for No. 2 and 5c
per pound for No. 1. Cucumbers from Marys
vllle were offering freely and were easier.
POTATOES— New, in boxes. *1 35© 1 80 per
ctl fo: white and 51 15@1 30 for Early P.ose:
In sacks, $1@1 75 per ctl; old Oregon Burbanks,
*l@l 25 per ctl: old river Burbanks, S5c&$l
per ctl.
ONIONS— Australian Yellow. $5 per ctl: new
Red. *:>c<tt$l per sack.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 35c per dozen;
Asparagus. 4f*7c per lb; Rhubarb. 75ig$5c per
box; Green Peas $161 50 per sack; Garden
1'eas, 3c- per lb: String and Wax Bean*.
6<88c per lb; Tomatoes. ?1 50@l 75 per
box or crate for Los Angeles and fl 50^2 for
Mexican (repacked); Summer Squash, 75c@$l
per box; Cabbage/ $1 per ctl: Carrots,
jl 25 per rack; Cucumbers. 50073c per dozen;
do. JIarysvlllc, W OOfc 2 per box; Garlic, new,
P<iCc pef lb; Egg Plant. 10c per lb; Dried
Peppers, '8®10c for sun-dried and 12V»S13o per
lb for evaporated: Dried Okra. 12Viffl0c per
lb; Green Peppers, SJ|12V4c per lb for Los
Angeles and KJVs'ijlSc for Mexican: Marrowfat
Squash. Jobbing, at l*-i©2o per lb. .
The market was slenderly supplied with new
Potatoes yesterday and offerings of white In
boxes from the river cleaned up quickly at
firmer prices. Sacked. Potatoes from across tha
bay cleaned up better than usual, but prices
were no firmer, as the receipts consisted chiefly
of poor and small stock. Red Onions were
firmer under scant supplies r.nd a steady de
mand.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Both Beans and Seeds ' continue quiet at
about the old prices. There are no new
features to report.
BEANS— Bbj-os, J2 25®2 80: Pea. *2 D0@3;
Butters. $3: small White. $2 S.Vci.'J 10; lartj*
White. 92 25@2 55; Pink. $.5 4503 60: Red,
$1 25ff4 50: Lima, $3 25@3 30; Red Kidneys.
$4 75^5: Blackeye, $1 90@2 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2©2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 2.V84 50; Tellow
Mustard. 12 50@3; Flax. $1 80@l 00; Canary,
6%©6* 4 C for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14l&@Jtic; Hape.
l%W2c: Timothy.' 6©«%c; Hemp, J^gic per
lb; Millet. 3i33&c: Broom Corn Seed. WU-l
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; NUes,
$3 25: Green Pea*. $3-33 25.
Beans and Seeds.
THE COFFEE TRADE.
Samples of the New Crop Show a
Very Small Bean.
f ' •
Th« New York circular of Henry Nordllnger
Be Co. t-avs of the ColTee trade:
"The 1-J04-5 crop of Brail! Coffee was ex-
I-*ct*<i to t* a late one because flowering set
In at a. vory late period la*t fall. An excep
tional long 6pell of hot and do' weather
fcrouKht about a quick ripening of the cherries
s.n<i with it an early crop.
•'Samples of the first of the new crt»n whir 11
»ere rt'or.iiy rt-ceivfd here show a very small
beAn. which Is a Fign that tne crop matured
too quickly, and alw m«ms that it will take
rnor* cherries than I* usually required to make
up the wclKht of a ba« of Coffee.
"The whole CrfTce trading worM. being well
irformed of the early maturity of the bean. is=
»o» waiting Tor mw crop CcITe« to move ruoj*
freely to shirpiag port* in order to obtain
r ¦ .? to ari\antage. it being ihousht that
Brazil will not tv able to take care of the
heavy r»r*iris during the fiirt three to four
months of the rrop year, during which p'riod
as a rule one-half to five-etghths of the crop
Is received at shijiping ports, and that comml?
rarios in Hrarll r* hound to divert the
bulk of thffre reccii't* to consuming market* at
»h«te\-?r jrire may then be obtainable. This
»alUng policy on the part of consuming mar
kets has rts iilted In a considerable reduction.
ct ttork» in xno?t of them, and we believe that
the invifibi* suj.ply <stocks held In the interior
of UMrcjv and the I'r.ited Staves) Is now mu«-h
«mal>r than it has been at any time tn rec*nt
your* liumpean port etocki« of Hrpzil CofTe*
? tre also -«ra»:ier than they were on July 1 layt
jfjr. Ilieje markets »r<» therefore in better
ihape than they were lart year to make their
vsulI purrhasfs of rew crop.
•¦I.-n't year Europe took 3.400.000 baps from
P.io *tn<1 Ver.toe during July to October out of
t«-t*l receipts st thes- ivirtf of CSTAfy) Uafrr.
v-t-.i'-h show* that Kuropean purchases in Brazil
during the early ptrt of the season ere a factor
•»hirh mui-t he taken Into rc-ckonine.
•*U"hDe it is ftill uncertain what the «=iie of
the crop w:!l he. there are several indications.
i>« for instance: The premature ripening of
th* cherries, the tm«!ln»w ct the bean, the
relatively small rt-ccipts In Rio and Santos and
th* compsrative nbs»'n'-e of f.r*s»ure on the part
r.f Praiil <o make s»1e« for futures ahipment.
Tilich Ie«<J us to believe that the Brazil crop
xrl!! he emaller Uian the average wtlmate
•Trka* in'thiE cenmtry has be<-n ver>- dull
und our frieri-i* !n Europe report a similar
though Dot quite as bad a Ftate of affairs th<re.
Th;^ duiinesv hat> now prevailed to a more or
W- areer.tuated d*-irrve for the extremely long
period of nearly four mor.thf. ani a* long as
this ahxmce at demand continues we rr.ay en
counter ¦ drappir.g market. '
••Mild ObfTees are In plentiful suiTplr. but
¦ re finr.ly held, not only here. »ut in Europe.
Th» Tiroduclnr countries carry very email etocks
tt the s.rt-s«nt time. Several of the Central
> merlin cYops are reported to have been
*hi"T 1 »d out in their entirety, so that there
will be much let* o? thrse kind* coming for
ward during the next fiscal year than In the
]>t *-..<>nt one. It I* claimed bv »oim very well
jnfnrn""! parties that the. receipts . of mild
rriTret in the 1'nitoJ Ftate^ <rurlnp. th* next
»ovrn months will he 4" to .SO per cent less
th»n they were during the cam« period last
vear If this prover to be true it will hav« a
f»nef.rial influence on the general statistical
tos'.tion next fall."
' Weather Report.
<12Otb Meridian —Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. June 6 — 6 p. tn.
Th» following maximum and minimum tem
• r"ratur«i are reported for the preceding, day
frorn Eastern cities:
Boston SK-r;'Vew Orleans 90-74
Cincinnati *«-7o ( Philadelphla R8-70
Jacksocvitle S6-72 Washinpton 5>O-W>
ICanaas City 72-56 N'ew York 6S-7Q
THE COA5T RECORD.
1 nn > 3 p I
g IfJ! S-Z «o §
BTATIO^*a. ~ I§4 3 =3 Z. E
? ¦-¦' 5 R ? %
• e e • • b
: • ? : : : .
raker «. 80.06 M &0 NE CTear
f'arsea - 23.89 64 GS N Cloudy .00
i:ur>-ka 80.24 64 62 N Clear .00
Kresno 2».S» !(«> e« N'W Clear .00
F E FaraUao.29.0S 54 62 NW Clear .TO
J"! -Kttaff ....29.74 7« 36 6VV Clear .OW
r- atollo 23.90 74 66 W Cloudy .00
1- ¦.<-r > endenc« 64
I. *. Angeles.. 29. S4 74 CO 6W Clear .00
V- 7*amtlpalsS0.00 69 M NW Clear .00
N Ktk Head.. 30. 80 54 60 NW Cloudr .00
l-boeste ».€2 102 68 NTV Oear .00
r nt R*7«*..29-rtt 64 49 ?TW Clear .00
I-,.it'.and 80.28 62 R2 NW Pt.Cldy Tr.
I 1 .. : lilnSt....29.5«« «> fiS N Clear .00
Vteaetan ...,30.2« «S 60 NB C.ear .00
V«"an;er.to ..29.6% M 88 NW Clear .00
.>¦<•> J/cke 29. M 82 49 BC Cloudr -00
fi V ranctsco29.9S 72 C2 W Clear .00
t- '¦ "blij»..2».*« 74 50 W a^ar .00
i ¦ ?.ceo 29. W 64 tt> S Cloudy .00
:.ai?!e 30.2« «2 46 NE Pt.Cldy .02
». «^t.e 29. 8<J W5 64 EW Clear .22
Tstocatl fcO.80 64 4H W" Pt.Cldy Tr.
«\*mlU ¦WaIla..30.06 70 50 SW Clear .20
Wirnemucea .29.68 «M €0 NW Rain .02
Yum 29.e2 1C2 70 SW ¦ Cleaf .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
FO RECAST.
The pnecsure haa fallen rapidly over. Utah
ard bac rerulted in the de%-elopment of a de
j ¦¦ * f.on of tome depth over the Inter-mountain
region.
Hl^h northwest winds are blowing In North
ern C&lifomla, Nevada and Southern Idaho.
A thunderstorm is reocrted at Wlnnemucca
and conditions are favorable for thunder
storms In the Sierras on Tuesday.
The tenwerature has fallea 14 degrees In
Red Bluff and Fresno and 28 degrees at
Wtnnerr.uoca. '
The following high winds are reported: Point
R^>ee, 70. northwest; Mt. Tamalpals. CO north
west: Farail^n. 44. northwest; Eureka, 56,
north; Red Bluff, HO. north: Carson City. 30,
north; \Vlnneir.uoca, 65, northwest.
Forecast made at Kan Francisco for thirty
feours pndln* tnldnlrfct. June 7:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday, except
thunderstorms in the mountain*: brisk north
winds In the vaHejr; high northwest winds on \
' tne coa»t.
Soutbern California — Cloudy Tursday; thun
<i' ¦ -::.« '.a ::•• mountains; fresh southwest
mrtttdm,
:.».*..» — Showers Tuesday; brick to high
northwest wind*.
V San Kraneiseo and vicinity — K*lr Tue*4ay;
«outh winds. chan^inR to bri>« westerly.
A.. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
•3 $ O 2 „£
STATION. §|p| o . I " |-
<M Uaa S2 r.3 N Clear .W
r.Mnka. M W N '''''"»' '"•'*»
Preraa 1W W5 NW Clear* .00
Hiinford :.-.... XOO M ,:.. t.itar .VU
i; ¦; >:-r *3 ** Clear ' .W .
Hi"* City «* W> N Clear -/.ft*
L:v«nr>ore M CO C4«ar ¦'; .09 i
J-f Ar,c*le* '* m KW Clear .00
Me-ced Jt-'l 4" Clear .00
j^,.;, Stt 47 RW Clear .00
ra!crtr.« W 6(5 N cle * r - 00
Porterv-tll* «2 NW- Clear • ;00 ¦
lied Bluff W> «M N Gear .00
farranv-Jto *0 68 NW Clear .«)
St.n 1'lepro *•* «» B Cloudy .««»
] rartiECO...... 72 r.2 "W Clear. ..00
h*n J<*e K» » ..^. Clear ..00
Kan Uul« Obispo.... 74 ..V» W Clear .00
fanta Maria TO 65. .... Clear .00
Rosa R<$ 44 N Clear .00
twktra S3 C7 W Oear .00 j
XV1-ATHER ANIJ CROP CONDITIONS. i
HAnford— Prospect* cood lor Irvlt aad eraln. j
EASTERN MARKETS.
Colusa— Heavy north wind, causing ©bnsider
e-ble loss of barley by breaking hcadt off.
Ssn Jot=e— Foothill hay crop medium; prune
crop Hi?ht
Hollistcr-Prospects for good crop of lat«
clir.j? praches; other varieties medium.
Portervjlle — Deciduous fruit crop heavy and
"ptorktcn— Heavy westerly wind damaging
Merocfl — Very windy; grain shrinking; pros
l>eelf poor for wheat.
LIvermore — Grape vines going out Jb\oom;
present prospects excellent.
Nnr« — All fruits doing well: medium crop.
Sar.ia Maria — Past week somewhat trying on
grain, better 6lnce yesterday; other crops un
changed.
Sama Rosa— North wind blowing all day;
very drying 10 prowing crope.
Palermo — Olive crops somewhat damaged by
high north wind.
A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about 4@lc tinder quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 94c; medium. 84c; "ght. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
6c: Baited Klt>. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf He; dry Hides. 16c: -dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf' ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@30c each;
short Wool -JO'S 05c each; medium. 7C#90c: lon£
Wool $l@i 50; Horse Hides, salt, $2 75 tor
large and $2©2 60 for medium. $1 25®1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $l@i 25
for small and 50o for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican 30c: dry Salted Mexican, 25c: dry
Central "American. 30«324c. Goat Skins-
Prime Anporas. 75c: large and smooth. 50c;
medium, 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4V4®44c per lb;
No 2. 34<34c: grease. 24©3c.
WOOL — Spring Clip — San Joaquln and South
ern 12 months' 9011c; do 7 months'. 8®loo
per' lb- Middle Counties. Vl'ttldc for free and
11S14C for defective: Northfrrn, l.Valie for fre«
and 13<?15c for defective: Nevada. 12S15c. ac
cording to condition.
HOPS— Jobblne at 274@30c per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. For crop of 1904 the nominal
quotation U 20c.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 109 — '
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C «s
Do gtd 39.102% — (10C5)Sr A.1C2 —
LAP lem 6s.l01 — O3O5)Sr B.103 —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 119^1 (190«) 104% —
Do lem 5S.114U — | (1912) 115 118'
MV& MtT5s.l01U — ISPC 1 eg 8s. 110 —
NKR of C6s.lo« T » — j Do «tmpd..l08 —
Do 5s 1164117 IS P B R 6s.l3l4 —
N P C TC 6s. — 106 S V Wat 69.10441C.1
N C Ry 5s. Ill) 112 Do 4s 2dm. 99V« 1» '
N C P C 5s. 9H — Do 4s 3dm. — 919
N S R R fa. 954 — Do g m«l» 97% OSVj
O R Ull 5s. 107 — Stkn G&Efcu — 101 Vi
0 W gtd 5s. — — IT G * E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 40 (Port Costa... —
Mann Co... — 60 Is V Wat Co. 37% 33
GAS AND ELECTRIC. »
Cent L. A. P. 3% 4 S F O & E. «O%. 61
Mutual E L. 11T» Wm Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 56% — I'OtECi). 5 —
INSURANCE.
Firem'i Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCK3.
Am Ntl Bk..l25 150 L P & A.... 150 I<?9
Anglo-Cal .. 834 8«4 Mer Trust — 220
Bank of Cal.425 430 Merch Ex 50 — .
Cal 8ate Dp. Hi 1474 3 F NatlonL — —
First Nationl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS. •
Ger S A L.2280 2350 Sar & L 80. — M0
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co.. — —
B F Sav U.625 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..190 — iPresidlo 80% — '
Geary — 60 J
POWDER.
Giant 60'i 61VaiVljcor!t 4% —
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 20c IKIlau^a S C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 43T* — IllakaweU C. 2T% 22
' Honokaa S C ll*fc — lOnomea 8 C. 24 274
; Hutch 8 P C 8V ( 8%»Paauhau S C. 13 11
j. MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 137 140 Oceanic S Co. — 4%,
Cal F C A. — 100 Pac Aux FA. 5 «
Cal Wine A. — 90 Pac C Borx.155 161S
MV& MtTm.100 — I
Morning Session.
Board— ¦
10 Giant Powder Con. cash 60 50
25 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar, b 3. . 50 00
25 Hawaiian Coml & Su<ar. b 4.. 5" <->
25 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5O0O
10 S F Gas * CVctrtc, 60 50.
5- Spring Valley Water Co 37 87 4
$2,000 fc> F & S J V 5 per cent 11* 25
Street—
$1,000 L A Pac R R 1st con 5s 101 25
i Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Honckaa S Co 12 CO
25 Hutchinson S P Co 8 5a
25 Paauhsu S P Co 1^ 25 '
$i;.0'"> Cal G A E Gen M A. C T 5a... M CO
$2,G0«J North Shore 5 p«T cent 93 o>*
$1,000 Spring Val 4s (id mtge) 93 25
$2. 00O Spring Val 4s (,2d. mtge) && Jo
Street —
25 Hawaiian Coml & Sujrar. b 4. . 50 00 '
¦ $5.C0o Northern Cal Ry 5 par cent... 110 BO
• $5.C00 Northern Ry of Cal (is 107 U0
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
: Bid. Ask. I Bid. A*k,
! Bay CPC 6s. 0814 U04IS P C R la. — 100
i B L Wat fis.115 — |S P Co 4'is. 98% —
i Cal NW 5s.. — 112 |Sun Tel 6a. .113 —
; H C Wat 5s.lOO — I Dad — 105
. Ri* I Wks5« — 107'jjSuttr-st R5s.lO5 113
; SF Drdk 5a — ll.t4IUR of SF 4a. 7S4 79fi
i SF & NP 5s. — 111H>
: MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
j Ala S Co. . . — 30 Mat Nav Co. — 90
I Amer Bis Co — ICO j Nev Nat Bk. — 200
Cal Cot Mils 80 87 N S R R Co. J»t; —
; Cal G&ECor. 45 — N Cal P Co. I04 11
¦ Cal Powder.. — 150 Oak Bk Sav. 1124 —
' Cal Ship Co. 21 27 |Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T 1 & T.U5 — HOOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk Oak — C5 lOrpheum Co. — 16'i
Chutes Co .. 6 7 PaqC Cas Co. 120 —
! City & C Bk — 112 Pac S Tel.. 100 —
i Cyp L Imp.. «% — Paraf Paint.. 3S — .
j East Dynm.. — 250 S F Drydock. 60 — •
DpntPwd pfd — 90 SFASJ Coal.. 25 S2ti
i Do com .. — 60 S J Wat Co. — 106
j FN Bk. Oak. 120 — SO A MTfrbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr «Oc — Swlss-A Iik..H5 —
! Frnch-A Bk.106 — Truck Elect.. — 13
I Gas Con A.. — 22 UR InC pfd. 44*4 —
Hono P Co. 14 — Do com ... 9 —
Lon& SF Bk — 60
Morning Session.
Street—
$7,000 United R R of 8 F 4 per cent.. 7S 624
$1,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 78 62^
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
A poll. > 40" ....
Associated Trust Certificates. IS 19
.Caribou S 25 4 00
Chicago Crude 13 - 20
Claremont ..;... .... W>
Four .... 70
Fulton ' 2 SO
Hanford 19O CO 1M 0O
Home 1 50 1 55
Imperial - 17 50
1 Independence 1 2S .... -
1 Kern River 10 00 ....
'Lion.. "1
> Monarch (of Arizona) .... 4*
! Monte Crlsto 65 ...:
'Occidental of W Va.. ...... C3 ; 11
City Petroleum «O . ..
Peerless r .... II CO
'Senator ?. «3
¦ Sovereign 38 ....
i Sterling 2 25
Superior 03 ..«.
Thirty-three .- .-•" 8M
Twenty-etght 8 00 :...
Associated Bonds .•••- 79 00 •
SALES.
Morning Session.
10OO Oil City Petroleum «• 63
Afternoon Session.
400 011 City Petroleum 61
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran*
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
©00 Andes 1"> 20O Potosl 19
10i> Caledonia ... 80! 4CO Potost 19
600 Chollar . IS 10O Sierra Ner . . 42
500 Mexican. l'SO 200 Utah 15
2CO Ophlr 4 5n 200 Yellow Jacket. 23 ;
100 Overman 281
Afternoon Session.
ii>n r*aiednnta ... 76[ 2HO Mexican i....l 2S
200 Exchequer . . 42| 6rt Ophir l.A 5.*V .
200 Oould A Cur. 2:i| WH) Potoal 17
40O Julia CSI 300 Sierra Nev .. 42
3<10 Justice 14 SCO Utah IS
200 Keyes Grae»..l 10| 100 Yellow Jacket. 27
I PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
' Following were the sales on th« Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session*
300 Belcher 2S| SOO Overman SO
300 Bullion 121 200 Savage 29
2OO Con Imperial. 01 10O Silver Hill .. 47
100 Mexican 1 •"¦'-" 500 Utah 13
ICO Occidental ... 81
Afternoon Session.
.100 Caledonia ... 811 50 Ophlr 4 «0
SOO Crown Point. IS 100 Ophlr 4 50
ICO Exchequer .. 43 300 Sierra Nev .. AX
100 Justice 15 3CO Sierra Nev .. J2
100 Mexican 1 25 100 Utah '. . - . . 13
TONOPAH STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the S^n Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session, .'p, -
2W0 Brunswick .. 1« 100 Mont Ton ...1 9O
1000 Brunswick .. 17 20<> Ton Behmont.. »¦
250O MacXamara . 21 ICO Ton Midway.. 3T
550 MacNamara . 2ti
Afternoon Session.
•uoo MacNamara . 211 1W Ton Belmont.. 6V
loco MacNamara . 20| 100 Ton Midway,. 37
,400 Mont Ton ...1 85I3CC0 Ton Midway.. 38
. 70O Mont Ton..l 8241
HAY— Wheat. $10®15: Wheat and. Oat. t\\®
13 50; Oat, $it&12; Wild Oat. $7@10; Bar
ley and Oat. $7*U1: Stock. $7@8; Alfalfa. $79
10 per ton.
8TRAW— 60@S0c per bale.
SHORTS— $21(822 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23^23 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50331;
jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake, $22^23: Corn
Meal. $32633: Cracked Corn. $32 50®33 50:
Mixed Feed. $22sS2:i; Horse Beans, $30®40 per
ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
New Hay Is coming In daily and selling at
$708 for Volunteer Wild Oat, according to
quality. Anything good will bring $S. A car
of Wheat and Oat came in from Los Banoa,
but as it was owned by private parties it did
not go on the market. Old Hay remains un
changed.
The local millers quote a very flrm market
for Bran and Middlings.
BRAN-^21«22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *^7 50®29 50 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Provisions. .
Dull and unchanged. Chicago was higher.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 04c per lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium, 12o for light.
134c for extra light and ir*816c for sugar
cured- Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Cali
fornia Hams, 12©124c; Mess Beef, $109
10 60 per bbl: extra Mess. $11(81150; Family.
$l°iil2 60; prime Mess Pork. $11: extra clear.
$23- Mess. $17 DO; Dry Salted Pork. fH4e; Pfg
Pork. $26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14o
LAKD — Tierces quoted at 64c per lb for
compound and S4c for pure; half- barrels, pure.
8%c; 10-lb tins. »V»c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
QtAg
'cOTTOLENE: — One half barrel. 8%c; thret
half barrels 8%c; one tierce. 84c; two tlercea,
8c- five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Nczc York Stocks quiet and unchanged. Cotton still lozver.
Continued inactivity on the local exchanges.
Silver and Exchange rates as previously quoted.
Wheat and Barky FMurcs ivcaker, but the cash grain unchanged.
Oats well held and steady. Corn shores some variation.
Beans and Seeds about as before quoted.
New Hay coming in daily. Fecdstufis still firm.
Butter in large receipt. Cheese depressed and Eggs advancing.
Provisions still dragging, with large stocks.
Cattle, Sheep atid Hogs plentiful and weak, but no l<nver.
Samples of new crop Coffee show a very small bean.
Potatoes and Onions selling better under lighter supplies.
Poultry rather weaker under free receipts of JVestern.
Fruit market daily shotting a larger assortment.
CHICAGO June 6.— Improved weather con
dition* and e*sler cables Influenced wheat at
the start. Weekly statistics also were a dls<
appointment to the bulls. Initial quotations
on July were '/ii©V4c lower at 87?6®SSc. After
selling down to S7%«?S7%c the price rallied to
&8%c The firmer feeling was due primarily
to private advices regarding the crop situation
in the Southwent, a prominent firm having
quite bullish reports from that section. While
there was some buying on these reports, the
majority of traders were skeptical as to the
poor prospects, and the market soon developed
renewed weakness. Foreign news was ex
tremely bearish advices from France and In
dia claiming crops to be In excellent condition.
The disposition to sell was considerably aug
mented by the promising outjook of spring
wheat In the ¦ Northwest and also by the rela
tively small decrease in the visible supply, tho
figures for this week showing a decrease of
only 072.000 bushels, compared with 2.536.000
bushels decrease last week. Weakness in corn
was an added bear factor. After selling off
to 87Hc July closed at 87%c.
Exceedingly liberal receipts, with prospects
of a continued heavy movement, were the
principal cause of an extremely weak corn
market The market closed almost at the
lowest 'point of the session. July opened at
49Uf494c and closed at 48%048%c.
Oat« were easy, but there was not much ;
selling pressure on the market and at the low
point prices showed small losses. July opened
at 39S<339»4C closing «t 39%c
Provisions reflected the weakness of wheat
and corn, buying by commission houses causing
a firm tone. A decline in the price of hogs
and liberal receipts of hogs at Western points
were against the market. The market closed
at the top with Sepumber pork up 20c, lard
7Hc higher and ribs 10ffl24c better.
leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles Open. High. Low. Close.
Jully at old O '..f~804 8»H 88% 8S">4
Juy new- . 88 88* 87ft 87»i
Bept! old ... 83% 83% 83 83V4 j
Sept!: new .. 83V4 «V4 81% 81%
Corn No. 2— , !
JuTy .'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 40 4 ' **k 48i£ 4S%
September .. 4S% *$% 4 ?% **%
JunS U .*?:.?" 414 414 414 414 I
July. ... 30% 39% 304 30^!
September .. 31% 31 4 31 81
S3?$ . P .°. rk :ir«) ba Tl'T24 11 50 U 724
September ..11 76 11 03 11 75 11 93
Lard per 100 pounds— 'i
July ....... 0 40 6474 6374 6474
September ..« 524 665 6624 665
Short Ribs, per 100 P^s-
July 6 65 61.4 6 65 6<<4
September .. 6 85 6 074 6 85 6 974
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, June 6.— Cash quotations were as
follow*: Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wh*-at. 04@
97c* No 3 S7c; No. 2 red. $1 04?rl 06; No. 2
corn. 484e48%c: No. 2 yellow. 4BV4; No. 2
oats.'41Va©41%c; No. 3 white, 414944c; No. 2
rye 75®7Cc: good feeding barley. 40<543c; fair
to choice malting. 48^5^; No. 1 flaxneed. $1; j
No 1 Northwestern, $1 6«4: mm pork, per
barrel $U O^all 70; lard, per 100 pound-s,
$0 37Vi©C 40; short ribs sides (loose), $6 50@
6 75: short clear sides (boxed). ?6 5O<&6 75;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 28;>lover. con
tract trade. $10 75.
Article* Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 2.1,200 17.V00
Wheat, bushels 31.000 323.400
Corn, bushels 582,300 2H4.1OO
! Oats, bushels 210,300 121.800
Rye. busheU 7,000
Barley, bushels 24,000 0,000
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. June 6.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the Butter market was steady.
! Creameries, I.'!4(gi7',ic; dairies. 12«16c. Eggs,
firm 14V4$15Vic. Cheese, steady, 7*if!l)c.
ELGIN 111.. June 6— Butter ruled firm and
1 unchanged on' the Hoard of Trade to-day at
> 174c 1 *r pound. Sales In the district for the
I week were 819,000 pounds.
i • Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. June 6.— CATTLE— Receipts.
18.<Km>; 5«|10c hfgherr' good to prime steers.
$3 «t(JfC 30; poor to medium. $4 7.Vu~.1 60;
stockers and feeder*. $3 25®4 75; cows. $1 75(Q
4 r>(>: heifers. »2 2.1«i4 75: cannera. »1 75®2 75;
bulls, *2 25<;4: calven, $2 60O5 fiO.*' •
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 42.0O!>: to-morrow,
20,000; 5c lower; mixed and butchers. $4 60«*
4 80; good to choice heavy. $4 7ivg4 80; rough
heavy. M Crt«4 70; light, $4 55®4 75; bulk of
sal**. *4 6064 70.
SHEEP — Receipts. 15.000; sheep, steady:
lambs, steady; good to choice wethers, $5 200
.1 CO; fnir to choice mixed. *3 75@5; Western
sheep, $4 50<i¥5 nfl; Native lambs, $5@8 50;
Western lambs, $5 50<8« 65.
Future Grain and Provisions.
Inter Pump 500. 33% .30 30
Inter Pump pfd .... ..-.". 70
National Lead 3,400 2014 20 20%
North Amorican... 2,000 v b2% 82 82
Pacific Mall 25
People's Gas 200 65% 95U nr.'.i
Pressed Steel Car 25%
Prf 6«<.-iJ Steel C pfd . , *1V y-j-
Pullman Pal Car 210
Republic Steel 100 6ti ¦ 0ft CU
Republic Steel pfd. 100 33 38 88
Rubber Goods ' 15
Rubber Goods pfd. 100 76 - 76 75%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 8iK> 33% 32% 32%
U 8 Leather 100 C-* 6% . 6%
U S Leather pfd... 200 80 Vi 80 Vi ; 80
U S Realty 700 «"« «}i 6%
IJ 6 Realty pfd... 1.100 .V.M a 69ft tA>\\
U S Rubber..: 10%
U S Rubber pfd «6%
U S Steel 1.100 9% 9 S%-
U S Steel pfd 5,000 63% B3% S.1Vi
Westlnghouse Elec 103
Western Union 100 86 8tt 88
Total sales 233.C00.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Juno 6. — No bond transaction*
to-day. ?
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Ccmmon — Bid, $4; a*ked,° (4 25. Preferred —
Bid. $S« 60; asked. $37 60.
NEW YORK BONDS.
US ref 2a reg.'104%|L &N unified U.101%
Do coupon 105 'Man con gold 4s. 103%
Do 3s reg 105% I Me x Central 4s... 63
Do coupon 106 Do 1st inc 12%
Do new 4s reg.132% Minn & St L 4s. 05
Do coupon 132% M K & Texas 4s. 0H>i
Do old 4s reg. 106 • bo 2ds 77
Do coupon 107 Nh of Mex con 4s 74
Atch gen 4s 101%!n Y C gen 3%s..lOO
Do adj,4s 91 |N J C gen 6b 131
Atlantic C L 4s. 05%|Nor Pac 4s 104 VI
Bixl & Ohio 4s...lOH;i Do 3s 72%
Do 8%s 95%lNtjr & W con 4s. 98 !»
Central of Ga 6s.l07i*!O?L 4s & partlc. 85%
Do 1st inc 73 jl\i conv 3%s 95%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO4% Heading gen 4s... 99%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 78%|8 L & I M con 5s.ll4Vi
C, B & Q new 4s. 95 (S L & S F fg 4s. 82
CM & SP gn 4S.109 ISt Louis SW ltts. l»2Vi
C & NW con 7s. 127%) Seaboard A L 4s. 70
C. R I & Pac 4s. 67%.i?o Pacific 4s 90U
Do col 5s.. r. .. 78%ISi» Railway 5s 115 T i
C.C.C A SLffn 4s. 90%iTex & Pac lsts..H6U
Chi Term 4* 73%lT. St L & W 4s. 70^
Cons Tobacco 4s. CO jUtaon Paclflc 4s. 104%
Colo & So 4s 82V Do conv 4s 97W
Colo Fuel & I... 09 WU S Steel 2d 6«.. 734
Ii<n &. Rio G 4s. 9»H|Wsbash lsts llfiij
Eric prior lien 4s. 9SHI Do deb B- 67
Do gen 4s~ 84%IW & \. Erie 4s... 89%
F W & D C lsts.105 ItVIs Cent 4s 90
Hock Val 4Vis....lO7U.'
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ' 20| Little Chief 05
AMce 25IOntarld .......... 3 85
Breece lOIOphlr 4 50
Bruns Con 13' Phoenix 11
Com Tunnel OSIPotoul 10
Con Cal & Va... 1 30iSavajre 23
Horn Silver 1 401 sierra Nev . 40
Iron Silver 1 P0' fimall Hopes .... 15
Leadvllle Con ... 02|Standard .1 2 10
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— (US Steel.../ 8T*
Call loans ....2H#3%! Do pfd MH
Time loans . . .3ViCM'/!i! Westing Common. 75
Bonds— I Mining—
Atchlson 4s 100 V Adventure 1H
Do adj 4s ..... 00«ilAlloUez 5*4
Mex Central 4s... COVAmal Copper 49lfc
Railroads — (Amor Zinc 9%
AtchlFon 4s f.f>i;I Atlantic 8
Do pfd M^lRlnghiun 20*4
Boston & Albany. 24f»Vi'Calumet & Hecla.448
Boston * Maine.. 1«3 U>ntennlal 1»U
Boston Elev H2 I Copper Range 41 H
Fitohburg pfd 134%|Daly West 24
Mex Cent ........ 6% Dom Cpal 65
N Y. N H & H..1S7 1 Franklin 7
Union Pacific 82'ilGrancy 3U
Miscellaneous — llele Royale "%'t
\ Arr.cr Arge Chem. i:t*4 Mn?s Mining :n.
Do pfd 7"JVa|VflchiKan' .1%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 Mohawk 39
Amer Sugar 125 I Mont Coal * Coke R%
Do pfd l'.MVJIOM Dominion ... 12
Amer Tel & Tel. 125 lOsceola 5S
Amer Woolen ... lOUITarrot 2^W
Do pfd 7-» l 4!Qu!ncy SO
Pom Iron * B... n^Shannon <H»
Kd Elect Ilium. »2M ITamarack 80
Oen Electric 168 (Trinity '1*4
Mass El«»ctrlc IS I IT 8 Mining 1!»H
Do pfd '» If S Oil O14
Man Gas - SnVUtah 3*^
United Fruit 110 IViotorla 2>4
Un Shoe Mach... 4««i!\Vlnona 5^
Do pfd 20 /Wolverine . ... 70
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money... 90 v^ IN Y Central U~%
Do for acct... . W%\ Nor & Western... 554
Anaconda 3<*l Do pfd M)
Atchison 70?«IOnt & AVentcrn. . . 25H
Do pfd v 95 (Pennsylvania 51S
Pal & Ohio W^ilRand Mines 10H
Can Paclflc 120%lReadlnR 21
Chen & Ohio. "<>%l Do 1st pfd 3f>4
Chi Great West.. 14HI Do 2d pfd 32>4
chl Mil & St P.n:t»4lso Railway SOU
De Beers lfl^l Dn pfd 84%
Den & Rio G 20 Iso Paflflc 46»i
Do pfd C9 Union Paclflc .... 8.M.',
Erie 24 Do pfd 93*4
Do 1« pfd 59 17 g Steel n<K
DO 2d pfd 3.1 V» Do pfd 55»4
111 Centra] 133H!W»bash 16
Louis & Nash....lO»*;l Do pfd 84
M. K & Texas.... 16%|Ppanlsh 4s S4U
Bar silver— Steady. 23 5-lCd per ounce.
Money — 1%62 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2«2 1-16 per cent and for three
months' bills 2@2 1-10 per cent.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 6.— To-tiayV state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $ir.0,O0O,0On gold reserve
in the Division of Redemption, shows: Avnli
able cash balance. $163,207,650; gold. $C8,
469,667.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. June 6.— COTTON— Futures
opened weak at a decline of 12&20 points and
closed easy at practically the lowest level of
the session, a net decline of 14@>44 points.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Jun? 6.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20,000 barrels; exports, 7000 barrels; dull and
without feature.
WHEAT— Receipts. '37.000 bushels; exports,
1400 bushels; spot. Irregular; No. 2 red, nom
inal elevator and ?1 13 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, $1 O7>4 f. 6. b.' afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal f. 0. b. afloat. Op
tions declined steadily all day, influenced by
a return of sunshln« In the West and reports
of harvesting in Southern Kansas, coupled
with a bearish visible supply statement and
big Indian crop estimates. The close shorn*)
a nominal decline nf July, P2 7-ir»3:
93 7-l«c. closed 92Uc; September, 85 1-16®
8.', 11-lfic. closed 85'.4c; December, 84%@65Hc,
closed 84*4c
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady. . . >
PETROLEUM— Steady; refined New York.
$8 05.
ST7OAR — Raw, quiet; refined, steady.
COFFEE: — Bpot Rio, steady; mild, steady.
The market for coffee futures closed S points
higher. Sales were reported of 6500 bags, ln
cludlnr: July, fi.Mc; September, 6.75c; De
cember, 6.05c; May, 6.5,1c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet,- with demand light and rather
easy in tone, though holders are asking recent
pric<*c: common are quoted at 4+»!Wic: prime,
5y,«75»ie: choice, 606%c. and fancy at 7c.
' PRUNES — There are reporu Of good Inquiry
for prunes, but nothing has developed In ¦ the
way of definite business, and 'the general tone
of the market continues barely steady at quo
tations ranging from 2%o to &%c, according
to grade. * ;
APRICOTS — Remain very quiet, but are not
urged for sale and quotations are unchanged.
Choice are held at 9M.«f10c: extra choice, 10V4
QlOUtc and fancy, 11813c.
PEACHES— Are firm: choice quoted at 7<$
7V,c: extra choice, 7'AflRo, and fancy at O'A
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. June 6. — The visible supply of
r rain Saturday. June 4. an , compiled by the
New Y6Yk Produce Exchange. Is as follows:
Wheat 20.603. OOfl ' bushels, decrease 972,000
butheis: corn 4.157.000 bunhels, Increase 417.000
bushels: cats B.Oftt.000 bushels, decrenne 7.'!5.flflo
bunheW: rye 842,000 bushel*, decrease 114.000
bushels: barley 1,714,000 bushels, decrease 332,
000 bushels.
Nezu York Metal Marhet.
1
NEW YORK June 6.— The London tin mar
ie t was 15s lower Bt £122 7» fid for epot and
£122 for futur-s. With demand light locally
prices responded to the decline abroad and the
market' closed rasy at $27^27 15. .,
rvpper also was carter abroad, closing at a
decline of 2s M to £56 2s Cd for both spot and
futures. Locally copper was dull.' Lake Is
tiuotnd at $12 87>4. electrolytic at $12 62^®
12 S7>4 «nd casting at $12 37%<8>12 50. •. •
Lead was eaxier In the local market and a
shade lower, with spot closing at $4 2504 .TV
In the London market, however, lead was a lit- *
«le •firmer, closing at an advance of 2s 6d to
£11 13» 0<V ' ••¦;-••¦-¦-- » •'•
Sselter was lower In both markets, declining
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 00 usual terms; liakers" Extras, $4 60{il feO;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 85@4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs:
Rye Flour. $3 SO; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7-' Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do. ** 25:
Oa't Groats. $4 60; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour, $4 50@J 75: Cracked Wheat, $1;
Farina. $4 60: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls. $7 25®8 60; in sacks, $6 75*0
8 10: Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Chicago Board of Trade.
2s Cd to £22 In London and closlnj easy at
$4 76@4 37% In the New York market.
Iron closed at 51s 6d In Glasgow and at 53«
HM-d In MIddlesboro. Locally iron was easier.
No" 1 foundry. Northern, Is quoted at $14 609
15- No 2 foundry, Northern, $14?? 14 60; No. 1
foundry Southern, and No. 1 foundry, South
ern, soft. $13 25@14 CO.
Pig Iron warrants wer» weak at $9.
Pears. 8%@12c; Figs, white. 2%S3c In boxes;
black. 4%c; Plums, pitted. MJi-mc p«r lb.
PRUNES — 190U crop, 2S2?»e f or tn « f our
sizes. ' <
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to chance' without notice)* are as
follows* 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 4-crown.
4c per lb: 3-crown. 4V»c; 2-crown. 4o; Malaga,
loose 3-crown, 4c: 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless 4c: seedless " Sultanas, 3%c: Seedless
Muscatels, 3Vic; do floated, 3Vjc; Seeded Rais
ins 16-oz cartons, fancy. 6%c; choice. 5Vic;
l^-'os cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice. 4%c; In
bulk fancy SV*c; choice. 5c; Imperial dus
ters' $3- Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. 12: London
Layers "3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%«14«;
No 2 llH^12cr No. 1 hardshell. 13«13%c;
No* 2* llfill%c; Almonds, ll%c for Nonpa
reils 11 Vic for I X L, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and'0»ic for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6«J7c for
Eastern- Pecans. ll®iac; Cocoanuts. $4 50^5.
HONEY— Comb. ll'<-«12Vic for white and
104*1 lc for amber: water white extracted, SQ
Cc; light amber extracted. 4%Q5c; darlc.
3 *BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
CORN— Quotations for Stats descriptions
show some change. Egyptian sorts are offer
ing mere freely and are tasy. Western grades
show no change. l ¦ • •
¦ Western "sacked, $1 5001 55 for Yellow,
$1 47%®1 52% for White and fl 45fit DO for
Mixed; CJtlifo'rnia large Yellow, $1 55; small
round do, $1 55®1 60; White, $1 55 per ctl:
Egyptian, $1 32%01 42ft for White and $1 25®
1 30 for Brown. : . •
RYE— »1 30®l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75®2 per ctL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE ,7; 1904.
Continued on Page Fourteen."
FRUITS^-Aprteots. J»®10c for Royals and
OffilSc far Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, 4H©
6c;- sun-dried. 3@4%c; Peaches, 7@8o;
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
ADCTION SALES
40 AUCTION SALE! 40
THIRTY HEAD OF DRAFT AND WORK
HORS2S. weighing from 1250 to 155O pounds,
broken. In good order and ready for work.
Most of these horses will welsh J400 and
upward. Consigned by the Halt Stock Farm.
Yuta County. Cal.
Also ten head of niGH CLASS DRIVERS.
Sal* take* plac* . .
TUESDAY, Jnne 7, 1904, at 8 P.M.
1 1733 MARKET ST., near Van Ness ave.. S. F.
Horses at yard Jun« 5. Send for cata-
logue. '• *
FRED H. CHASE & CO.
Llva Stock Auctioneers.
1 , .
, j(v_. GRAND AUCTION SALE, TUESDAY.
>*?*% June 7. 11 a. m.. at 1140 Folsom st.. of
a lot of Shetland ponies. 1 fast pacer, 40 good
cheap horses and express, camp, peddling
wagons, surreys, buggies, carts and 49 ift»
of slnxrle aad double harness.
WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer. •
te* fcv fe
- AUCTION SALE at ARCADB HORSB
MARKET, 327 SIXTH ST., WEDNESDAY.
June 8, at 11 a. m. I will sell fifty good horses.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Anctloneer. ¦Some very «well weddinr invitations come
from Edward 8. Knowlei, 24 S«cond street. •
Murine Eye Remedy. A home cure for
Eye troubles. 'Never fails. to win friends.
Used for. Infant and adult Murln«
doesn't smart. , It soothes and cures ¦••¦•"
The new programme at the Chutes
yesterday was^an excellent one and
all of the acts were srreeted cordially.
Richard Walsh and Adele Ligon pre
sented an amusing comedy musical
act out of the ordinary, , and Jones,
Sylvester and Pringle, billed as . "the
imperials of minstrelsy," sang for
twenty minutes to the satisfaction of
the audience. . Gus Kiralf o proved an
amusing juggler, and Alfons, the Eu
ropean equilibrist, repeated . his
cess of last week. Mr. and Mrs/' Ben
Hiinn, the clever colored comedians;
Mildred Manning, the singer 'of illus
trated songs,- and the animatoscope,
showing a sensational life-saving
scene, completed the bill. The ama
teurs will appear on Thursday night.
The Alcazar players are giving a
splendid production of "Under Two
Flags," wWfchhad Its initial presenta
tion last night. The piece is full of
action and ample Justice Is done to Its
scenic requirements. Adele Block has
the opportunity of her career In the
part of Cigarette, in which she scored
an artistic triumph. Her emotional
talents, are given full swing and her
ride through the sandstorm on horse
back was thrilling. Harry 8. HllHard
was capital aa the Earl. He shows In
his clever work the painstaking and
conscientious- actor that he is. James
Durkin was acceptable as Bertie Cecil,
and John B. Maher played a small part
with his accustomed Intelligence. Miss
Frances Starr made a j pleasing Lady
Venetia, and Marie Howe was all that
could be desired in her impersonation
of two characters. Edwin T. Emery
was melodramatic as the Marabout,
and George Osbourne was his usual
good self as Pierre Baroni. All the
parts were well sustained and the
management is to be congratulated on
thelavish mounting it has given the
production.
Maude Adams' engagement at the
Columbia Theater comes t to a close
with next Saturday night's perform
ance of "Jhe Little Minister." One of
the season's attractions is booked for
next Monday night when E. H. Sothern
begins a limited -engagement in his
production of "The Proud Prince," the
miracle play from the pen of Justin
Huntly McCarthy.
quaint wisdom and teaches the maxim
that a man always wins the golden
opinion of his fellows by striving to be
honest and respectable, no nfatter how
humble his calling. Eugenie Thais
Lawton has a pleasant role as a minis
tering angel among the poor and low
ly. Elmer Booth and Julia Blanc, as
a . pair of Bowery Houghs, are excep
tionally good and Ernest Howell does
a creditable coon stunt. Henry Shumer
has the role of a villain in gentlemanly
guise; Edna Ellsmere acts the part of
an adventuress, and James Montgom
ery plays the. prodigal son. Little 01
lie Cooper, as the blind girl, won sym
pathy and applause. "The Peddler" Is
brimful of heart interest and the aud
ience gave enthusiastic testimony of
its genuine delight and. satisfaction.
WASHINGTON*. June 6. — Fourth Assistant
Postmaster General Bristow to-day announced
that the salaries of the rural free delivery mall
carriers will be adjusted on the basis of the
number of miles traveled.
The Central Theater last night made
a hit with a brand new comedy drama,
"The Peddler," the hero of which Is a
German Hebrew, something after the
style of David Warfleld's role in "The
Auctioneer." The play contains a num
ber of stirring melodramatic episodes
and ¦ New York's Bowery furnishes a
variety of typical characters. The
scenery is new and original. Herschel
Mayall has never before been seen so
clever in Hebrew dialect character and
his essay in the title role was an tgree
abla surprise. The peddler turns out to
be fhe heir to a baronetcy and, after
years of hard luck, he suddenly falls
into the lap of fortune and doesn't for
get his old friends. He has a fund of
J. W. Erwin to Deliver Illustrated Lec
ture In the Alhambra Theater
To-Xight.
San Franciscans that will be denied
the pleasure of viewing the wonders of
the World's Fair at St. Louis will be
given opportunity to-night to learn
what this city has done at the great
exposition to advertise her attractions
and commercial advantages and those
of the State. To-night at the Alham
bra Theater J. W. Erwin, a member of
the California Camera Club, under the
direction of which many »tereoptican
slides and moving pictures of San
Francisco and California rural scenes
were prepared, will deliver his lecture,
which will daily interest throngs in
the San Francisco building at the in
ternational exposition.
All San ' Franciscans that do not
know their State as well as they
ought should take advantage of this
opportunity. Prior to the delivery of
the lecture by Mr. Erwin, Frank J.
Symmes, chairman of the committee on
displays, will address the audience.
Both Mr. Erwin and Mr. Symmes are
pleasing talkers and their word pic
tures will entertain as well as the il
lustrations, which, it is said, make up
an unusually interesting series.
PICTURES FOR ST. LOUIS
WILL BE DISPLAYED HERE
HACKS NOT RUNNING.
Owners Fall to Secure Men Without
Licenses to Place on Vehicles.
Hacks, unless they are being driven
by owners or licensed men, are not
running. The men who applied for
positions are not anxious to take
chances against the stablemen, who
are on strike, and the drivers, who are
locked out.
To-night there will be. more or less
discussion of the ability of men who
have applied for positions as drivers
of hacks and the union will be on
hand to watch proceedings when the
Police Commissioners meet.
The owners will endeavor to secure
men who are willing to go to work
and if arrests follow protect them.
Neither side is doing anything which
will result in trouble at the outset, for
the owners say they will go into court
and the drivers say they are not sanc
tioning any violence.
After a spirited contest for the selec
tion of a delegate to represent the local
union of this city at the National Con
vention of Cement Workers at St.
Louis on the 14th, of this month, Louis
L. Mattson carried off the honor by a
small majority. It is estimated that
more than 200 unions will be repre
sented at the convention and as San
Francisco is looked upon as being one
of the prominent cities where a large
number of cement workers are em
ployed the mission of Delegate Mattson
is considered one of great importance
In that body.
Secretary O. A. Tveltmoe of the
Building Trades Council, who has Just
returned from a trip to Sacramento,
gives a glowing account of the success
attending the work being done by the
union men that turned contractors to
meet the demands of the union men
who were out on strikes because of the
trouble with the old contractors, who
had declined to comply with union
rates. In fact, as Tveitmoe put it,
there are not union men enough at
the capital city to fill vacancies, con
sequently a demand had been made on
the union here for all the men that can
be spared.
The Chorus Girls' Union is the last
adjunct to the roll of organized labor.
A delegate from this new union was
admitted to membership In the Labor
Council at the last meeting.
Mrs. Madden, who asked that the case
go over to enable him to secure the
deposition of Rudolph M. Ramat of
Brooklyn, New York, who while on
the transport Hooker with Captain
Madden was supposed to have seen
many things that will not redound to
the captain's credit when told In court.
Dorsey ajso asked for delay to enable
him to get the depositions of several
soldiers of the Twenty-Ninth Infantry
(Madden's regiment), who are sup
posed to have a knowledge of the cap
tain's doings that will aid his wife In
refuting his charges.
¦ Mrs. Madden was not in court "when
the case was called yesterday. Cap
tain Madden was on deck, however,
and he was supported by the presence
of his mother and his father, Jerome
Madden. No other army officers were
in court, for they are fighting shy of
the case, but the courtroom was com
fortably filled with enlisted men. A
few army nurses were also in court,
ready to tell what they saw and over
heard about the Maddens at Benicla
barracks and the Presidio.
HANCOCK IS IN COURT.
The sensational Hancock divorce ac
tion, an action which resulted In the se
curing of a decree of divorce by Mrs.
Ella Wood Hancock from Robert Han
cock, a wealthy young man about
town, was revived yesterday In Judge
Seawell's court when the court made
an order amending the decree of di
vorce. Under the original decree Han
cock, who was directed to pay Mrs.
Hancock $300 a month alimony, could
not dispose of any of his property, the
alimony acting as a lien. Now he can
sell It all. with the exception of a piece
at the corner of Sixth and Natoma
streets, for the order made by Judge
Seawell yesterday amends the decree
to that extent. The property on Sixth
street must be held by Hancock as se
curity for the payment of the alimony.
It was in 1901 that the Hancocks
were divorced, Mrs. Hancock seeking
a separation because of her husband's
alleged fondness for Mrs. Lei Wescott.
a pretty singer in the choir of the Cal
ifornia Street Methodist Church, of
which church the Hancocks were mem
bers.
ESCAPES ALIMONY.
Judge Troutt has refused to compel
Charles A. Thurston, a railroad em
ploye, to pay his former wife, Mattie
Thurston. further alimony. He holds
that she relinquished any claims sh&
might have in an agreement signed by
her at the time she secured a divorce.
Judge Sloss has made an order di
recting Jake Greenshan to pay $25 a
month to Fannie Greenshan while his
suit for divorce against her Is pending.
He must also pay her $25 costs and $o5
counsel fees.
Laura Martin and Richard S. Mar
tin, a divorced couple, are battling for
the custody of their child, a little girl,
in Judge Murasky's court. The father
dees not want the little one taken from
the convent in Alameda. where she
was placed when he and his wife were
separated by 'the court's decree. Mrs.
Martin is anxious to have the care of
the little one during the vacation.
Through the aid of Anna Lacey. a pri
vate detective, who sought the com
pany of Mrs. Martin and plied her with
liquor in order that she might get her
to make certain damaging admissions,
Martin Is trying to prove that the
mother of the child Is unfit to have
control of her even for a short time.
The detective gave her evidence yes
terday. Mrs. Martin will have a chance
to refute the charges to-day.
In a complaint filed yesterday by
George J. Reeves he asks the court to
annul his marriage to Frances Reeves
on the ground that his consent to the
marriage was obtained by Mrs. Reeves
through deception. He says that im
mediately after his marriage to her at
Santa Barbara in 1897 he learned that
she was a confirmed morphine fiend
and unfit to enter into the married
state.
MOTHER INTERFERES.
Henrietta Rodgers obtained a divorce
from Henry Rodgers on the ground of
desertion. The decree was granted by
Judge Graham after Mrs. Rodgers had
produced evidence showing that Rod
gers had deserted her and returned to
his mother. Emma Lyon obtained a
divorce from Frank E. Lyon in Judge
Murasky's court on the ground of
cruelty.
W. J. Downing of the Capitol Mills,
who is being sued for divorce by Tes
sie L. Downing, answered her com
plaint yesterday with a denial of her
charges of cruelty and in a cross-com
plaint asked that he be granted a de
cree on the ground of cruelty. He
says that ever since his marriage in
April of last year his wife has treated
him in a mean manner. He says she
would leave the house early in the
morning and remain away all day and
that during her absence he had to pre
pare his own meals. He charges furth
er that^Mrs. Downing frequently hurt
his feelings -by telling him that "he was
no good: that he was a 'bum and that
his father and mother were bums."
W. B. Harner. a railroad official, who
Is beinpr sued for divorce by Jennie
Clyde Harner, has agreed to pay his
wife $45 a month alimony during the
pendency of her .suit. He has also
agreed to pay her $50 counsel fees. The
agreement was filed yesterday.
the company say there will be no
trouble. Trouble is signified as violence
in this instance and the only Indica
tions that such trouble threatens is the
congregation of strikers in bunches and
special policemen, armed with pick
handles. »
All Is quiet along the Southern Pa
cific freight eheds, and that fact is due
to the orderly manner in ¦which the
freight handlers conducted themselves
after going out on Ktrike and the pres
ence of Captain fpillane and a squad
of seventeen policemen.
Duaing the afternoon of yesterday ef
forts were made to get the billing
clerks to declare a strike in sympathy
¦vrltii the freight handlers, but that
xnox-ement failed. Checking clerks were
next appealed to. but they also refused
to stand by the men that load the cars.
In the latter case a vote was taken
and resulted in eighteen being in favor
of going out and twenty-eight refus
ing.
Special policemen guarded the yards
•while the men that were supposed to
load tiie cars were sleeping in the sheds
or in tourist cars, which were side
tracked for their benefit.
Each special officer was armed with
a pick handle and was supposed to use
It in the event of any attempt on the
part of the strikers to take the men
from their berths. No such attempts
•xcere made, and the men that have
gone out say that there will be no at
tempt at violence.
The company made a change In the
xnanacement of the sheds yesterday,
¦uWch is taken by the union men aa
against them. Edward F. Gerald,
•whom, the strikers say. was the man
that did so much against the railroad
tnen during the strike In Oakland, su
perseded "Jack" Downey, who has been
In charge of the sheds for years.
SIX CARS LOADED.
STRIKEKS' DEMANDS.
Only six cars were sent out last
right. Ab a usual thinp there are over
100 can? loaded each nipht and sent out
from Ihe Townscnd-street depot. Men
vere camped in the sheds, but they
were not in sufficient number to per
form the work required. Freight is
conpestr-d in the Eheds and on the
driveways. There are not enough men
to handle the goods offered for ship
ment. .
Members of the union were around
tvatching tfie work being done yester
day and from time to time commented,
but beyond that they offered no inter
ference, henre no arrests were neces-
Early last right Captain Fpillane
pent two of his men back to the sta
tion, a? there was no Indication of dis
order, though there were a number of
the strikers contrepated in groups on
the different corners.
Whpn asked what they expected and
Mhat they wanted, the men who are
nut said the on'.y thing: they were after
Mas an increase from 22^ cents an
hour to 25 ee»ts and if the company
did not see fit to pay the amount they
required there was likely to be a tie
up of the entire Fystem. When asked
•what the action of the bill clerks and
the shipping clerks meant, the strikers
paid that action was simply tentative
and would be followed later by- action
•uhich would result in every bill and
checking clerk employed at the Towh
send-street depot quittinp work unless
the demands of the freight handlers
nere recognized.
Bill and checking clerics say that Is
not a fact and that the action taken
yesterday afternoon was final.
Stories are in circulation to the effect
that the teamsters are to join the
freight handlers. That Is not correct,
according to the officers of the Team
eters' Union. When their strike was
settled last yar an agreement was en
tered into which prevents any possi
bility of going: on strike, even in sym
pathy, for a period of one year.
Freight handlers do not make the
claim officially that the teamsters are
to join them in the event of their not
reaching an agreement with, the com
pany, but in<Ji\Mdual members of the
union do make that claim.
Officials of the union and officials of
ST. LOUIS, June 6.— Chief of Police
George W. Wittman of San Francisco
was adopted this afternoon by 750 In
dians as an Indian chief. He was
named "Chief Popular With the Peo
ple."
Colonel Richard Plunkett of Nevada
was adopted as "Chief Afraid of No
Man."
The occasion was a special perform
ance at Cummins' Indian congress In
honor of the National Association or
Chiefs of Police, now in convention
here. The title of chief was conferred
upon several other notables. Including
William Pinkerton, the famous detec
tive, who was named "Chief Never
Sleep."
Of course the adoption of these men
by the Indians was an advertising
scheme, but it was a clever one, which
Wittman, Pinkerton and the others
honored willingly assisted In.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO,' June 6.— After seeking for
six long months to get revenge on the
man who cut him with a bread knife,
John Rigas at last looks with content
ment on Theros Chipperos behind pris
on ' bars. Ever since last December,
when • Rigas was ba'Jly wounded by
Chipperos in a fray which occurred in
a- restaurant on Ninth street, between
Mission- and Market streets, In San
Francisco, where both were working,
he has hunted for his assailant to get
even. At last he heard from a friend
who knew nothing of the difficulty be
tween the two Greeks, and he said
Chipperos was employed at Millwood in
the logging camp. Rigas came Imme
diately to Fresno and • informed the
Sheriff's office. After communicating
with the San Francisco authorities and
securing the warrant for the arrest of
Chipperos, Sheriff Collins sent a dep
uty to the mills. Rigas accompanied
the deputy in order to make no mistake
in identity.
A clever ruse was worked on the
Greek to arrest him. The clerk in the
store at Millwood sent for Chipperoa
to come to the place, on a matter of
business, as he supposed. He came,
saw Rigas and offered to shake hands.
When the officer saw there was no
chance of mistake he arrested his man.
Chipperos' eyes darted fire when he
saw how he had been tricked. The
officer brought the man to Fresno and
placed him in jail. Rigas preferred to
come back by stage and not take a
chance riding In the buggy with the
man who had injured him.
The row ever which the stabbing re
sulted occurred In San Francisco some
time last fall. Rigas has a scar more
than three inches long in the left side
of his abdomen which he says shall be
avenged.
Because she would not marry, him.
Flora Lewis, also known as "Flossie"
Lewis, will have to answer In the Jus-!
tices' court to a suit brought by B. M.
Eisner for recovery of an engagement
ring and other presents made by him
when their two hearts Beat as one.
Eisner is employed in the art glass
department of Moise & Klinker Co.,
Sacramento and Leldesdorff streets,
and lives with his mother at 730 De^
visadero street.
¦ According to the complaint filed by
the young man he alleges that in April.
1903, he and th© fair plaintiff entered
into a contract to marry on a subSe
quent date and on September 20 of th«
same year, the fact was announced to
the friends of both parties at an en-i
gagement reception, thereupon, Eis
ner says, he presented his fiancee with
a solitaire diamond ring valued at $150
and made her other presents. Includ
ing three steins worth $15, a cot. $5;
drawing instruments, $5, and cash,
$6 65.
* Eisner avers that Miss Lewis broke
off the engagement in April of this
year and returned all the presents the
couple had received frorn friends, but
did not return these he had given her.
The only unfavorable comment made
last night on Miss Lillian Sefton, the
Tivoli's new songstress, was uttered
In undertone by the large lady in the
third row left at the end of the first
act. . •
"Oh, look how clumsilv that bodice
is cut over the shoulders," said she to
her companion with the turquoise
brooch, "and a little applique of
watered satin ribbon would have set
off the decolette so effectively."
Others, not so censorious in matters
sartorial, had reason to believe that in
Miss Sef ton the Tlvoli had added to
the strength of its. company by so
much of sprightliness and real tuneful
ness that a matter of watered ribbon
applique cut no very considerable fig
ure. The notes that rippled from be
tween the- very even teeth of Sergeant
Kitty had the ring that causes the
flrst-nighters to sit up and take no
tice; the very graceful and verv win
ning little manners of Sergeant Kit
ty had the proper tone to them, were
quite as they ought to be and her ap
pearanoe was a success. A part very
like that which Lulu Glazer carried in
"Dolly Varden," with all the shy in
genuousness and ready effrontery of the
girl in the midst of military alarms—
this was Miss Sefton's role last night.
She sang and played it with a deal of
Lulu Glazer's own style; that should
be sufficient evidence of ability.
The musicaj comedy Itself is some
thing new to San Francisco, but not so
happy a novelty, perhaps, as the prima
donna soprano it served to Introduce.
The action moves along somewhat
"stodgily," with little pretense at any
great upward lift in the matter of sit
uations and manifesting only a filmy
aspiration to the claim of comedy. The
lyrics have some, dash to them, how
ever, and in one or two instances catch
the swing which gives cause for their
possibility of being dubbed popular.
"A Postilion's Life" and the bellicose
Hit about "War" have a git-up-and
git about them quite up to the demand
of the phonograph parlors.
Dora de Fillippe as Louise de Marl
lac, and Bessie Tannehill, comfortably
girt about In the voluminous folds of
severe old Aunt Angellque's skirts,
have opportunities, both of them, to
add their t*vo and three talents to the
Tivoli's well-stocked- mite box for the
public amusement. With Algernon
Aspland Miss de Fillippe sings a song
about the girl somebody else than
Johnny left behind him. Bessie Tanne
hill has the rare chance to be the foil
which sets off the diamond of Ferris
Hartman's chest notes in a duet of
philosophical Import. "Just Take
Things as They Come." Esther King
and Nettie Deglow also have a duet to
render, tidy enough. For the men, mu
sical matters are not arranged so lav
ishly. Arthur Cunningham, with Mils
military song, and George Chapmaji,
delegated to warble a solo and assist
in a duet, do not have the greatest
chance In the world to shine, but then
hiding one's light under a bushel for
a while but adds to its brilliance when
it is again allowed to 'send forth Us
beam into a naughty world.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
LOS ANGELES, June 6.— Hon. James
W. Somers, a boyhood and lifelong
friend of the martyred Lincoln, was in
stantly killed by a trolley car to-night
at Hollywood. Somers, who was sev
enty-one years old and deaf, stepped
in front of the Santa Monica flyer,
which was going thirty-five miles an
hour. • #
Somers was born at Mount Airy,
North Carolina, January 18, 1833. He
went north and became a lawyer. In
1863 President Lincoln appointed him a
member of the Board of Review, and
subsequently chief examiner In the
Pension Bureau. The latter position he
held until 1895. when he resigned and
came to Southern California, locating
in San Diego. A year ago he removed
to Hollywood, and made his home with
his niece, Mrs. H. G. Candu.
Mrs. Somers remains in Washington
and Is principal of Mount Vernon
Seminary. Somers leaves a valuable
collection of letters from Lincoln, and
the walls of his elegant library are
adorned with many portraits, busts
and other mementoes of the war Presi
dent.
Detective Made a Member
of Tribe and Is Given the
Title of "Never Sleep"
Change Is 3fade in Con
trol of Sheds and Non-
Union Hands Are Working
Friends Separated After a
Fight in This City Meet
in Presence of , Officers
He Draws at Central— Maude
Adams at Columbia—"Un
der Two Flags" at Alcazar
Yictim Leaves Valuable Col
lection of Letters and Rel
ics of the War President
Contemplated 3Iarriage Had
Been Announced to Their
Friends, but Now It Is Off
ENGAGEMENT IS BROKEN
POLICE ARE ON GUARD
SEQUEL TO KNltfE DUEL
MAYALL AS A HEBREW
WAS AGED AND DEAF
Cummins Indians Adopt Him
and Give Him Name 3Iean
ing "Popular AVith People"
PIXKERTOX IS HONORED
Freight Handlers Fail to
Get Office Men to Join
i in Their Fight for Wages
"I Intend to die unless you promise
to marry me," cried Elizabeth Sneffen,
a divorced woman, one day In Septem
ber, 1889, In the office of Dr. Albert
Noble, at that time a young prac
titioner, but now the house doctor
of the Palace Hotel.
The cry was uttered after she had
swallowed the contents of a bottle of
laudanum. Dr. Noble, who saw her
take the poison and to whom the plea
was made, was frightened and non
plused for the moment. Then he
dropped the stomach pump which he
had instinctively grabbed when he saw
the young woman take the bottle and
swore on a Bible that he would make
her his wife. Then he used the
stomach pump and saved the woman's
life. The next day she .became Mrs.
Noble.
Yesterday the marriage was an
nulled by Judge Hebbard on complaint
of the doctor. The latter's evidence,
which included the above remarkable
tale, proved that the . unfortunate
woman was insane at the time of their
marriage. It was also shown that
Mrs. Noble had been committed to the
Asylum for the Insane at . Agnew in
January. 1901, and was at present an
inmate of the institution.
Mrs. Noble was represented in court
by her brother, John A. Sherburne,
who has been appointed her guardian
for the purpose of the suit and who
as her guardian announced that the
property rights of his sister had been
settled out of court. (
MADDEN CASE DEIjAYED.
The airing: of the matrimonial
troubles of Captain John A. Madden,
U. -S. A., and Edith May Partello
Madden will not take place until
August 29. The airing was to have
occurred yesterday in Judge Hebbard's
court, but was postponed oh request
of John Webster Dorsey, attorney for
Tells How the Woman Took
Laudanum; Refusing Medi
cal Aid Until He Promised
JUDGE SEVERS HIS TIES
Palace. Hotel Physician De
scribes to Court How He
Happened/ to Get Married
.1 oli n Rigas Looks Long for
His Enemy and Gloats
When He Is Arrested
Lillian Sef ton Proves Very
Clever as Sergeant Kitty
in New Play That Wins
James W. Soiriers, Lifelong
Friend of Lincoln, Meets
Tragic End at Hollywood
Brings Suit to Recover King
and Other Tokens Given
to Flora Lewis as Fiancee
CLERKS REFUSE
STRIKE APPEAL
WITTMAN NOW
A "BIG CHIEF"
BIDES HIS TIME;
REVENGE COMES
FEAR FORCES
NOBLE TO WED
EISNER WANTS
PRESENTS BACK
TIFOLI COMEDY
MAKES A HIT
FAMODS MAN
KILLED BY CAR
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1904.
16
ADVX2tTIS£2EB2rra.
SCALP HOURS
Itching, Scaly and Crusted
With Less of Hair ,
Speedily Gored by Guticora
Soap and Ointment
When Every Other Remedy and *
Physicians Fail
Warm shampoos with Cotieara Soap
and light dressings of Catieora, tha
great skin core, at once stop falling
hair, remove crests, scales aad dan-
draff, soothe irritated, itching surfaces,
destroy hair parasites, stimulate tha
hair follicles, loosen the scalp skta,
supply the roots with energy and nour-
ishment, and make the hair grow upon
a sweet, healthy scalp when all elsa
falls.
Millions of the world's best peopl^
nse Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuti^
cnra Ointment, the great skin core, for
preserving, purifying and beautifying
the skin, for cleansing the scalp of .
crusts, scales and dandrujf, and the stop-
ping of tailing hair, for ¦oftening,
whitening and soothing red, rongh and
sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings
and ehaflngs, for annoying Irritations
and Inflammations, or too fre« or offen-
sive perspiration, for ulcerative weak-
nesses, and many antiseptic purposes*
which readily suggest themselves to
women, as well as for all the purposes
of the toilet, bath and nursery.
Complete treatment for every hn-
monr, consisting of Cntlcnra Soap, to
cleanse tfaa ekin. Cutieura Ointment to
heal the skin, and Cuticura Resolvent
Pills, to cool and cleanse the blood, may
now be had for ne dollar. A single set
is often eufilcient to cure the most
torturing, disfiguring. Itching, burning
and scaly bnmoors, eczemas, rashes
and Irritations, from infancy to ag«,
when all else falls.
MA timM ft* ¦¦>*¦ Cvflm* B— r»«H. At.
rtrSnTWHaElota* C«MMk »* »? *•»* "V
<na»»«il. »«, So». ¦>¦ Pjgi! <**¦*«»£¦^P**«*g
kiw *».iS3». Tfc» 4* !¦ r»tai BogMtliPtoi™**
A». rtoMnDm • Ch»». Cm*. Bat* Pm4»Mr*. JL
tr S«nd tor - Hm to C*n Mmmy Uuwu." -^
TTT
Give W
More Good Tea Jl
More Good Coffee
More Good Spices
More Coupons
fflore Pretty Premiums
a Watch Our * j
M 0 * Stores. J||
W Prices Talk. 1
I It Pays to Trade J
AT
Great American Importing Tea Go's
Stores aa^ n
861 Market 210 Grant ave. 1419 Polic
140 Sixth 1S13 Pcvisadero 705 Larkin
475 Haiffht S0C6 Sixteenth S5o Hayes
3285 Mission £21 Montar'y ave. 52 Market
2008 Kilbnore 2516 Mission 1-W Ninth
366 Third 469 Foorth 2732 34th
' I The Highest Optical rcpu-
R Most Reasonable Prices.^ V
fl Inventors of Shark Skin ]
H Grips and Comfort Eyc-
M Brins your ocalist*' prascrip-
M tions and get estimates.
MABKS BROS.
Double Value Day
LINEN CRASH SAILOR SDIT as PIC-
TURED, made with larsre SAILOR COI^-
L.AR. JAUNTII,Y trimmed, in WlflTE
BUAID: WIDE SKIRT, DEEP HEM, ex-
tra FULL. SLEEVES; sizes 6 to 14 years.
LAUNDERED BUN BONNET, u pic-
tured, trimmed with 2 FLUTED RUF-
FLES, edged in LACE; ALL. COLORS.
l/£CTp§^
WOMEN'S SUMMER-WEIGHT. HALF-
SLEEVE, LOW NECK SHAPED VEST,
llk» cut; com*a In ECRU ONLT; ALL
SIZES.
j|3pfj«3
we/ght i mm f'vf : p-
SKIRT / p|i:M;
SUMMER- WEIGHT WALKING SKIRT
as pictured is only one STYLE of a host
of others to be found in our SKIRT DE-
PARTMENT TO-DAY at the low price of
93.05. The materials comprise all the
summer-wel«ht wool mixtures; NOVEL-
TIES and CLOTHS in all COLORS; beau-
tifully trimmed in tailor-stitched straps, in
a multitude , of fancy desisns. RICHLY
TAILORED; PERFECT FITTING over
HIPS.
50o TAPE OIRDI.ES. 29C.
These SUMMER CORSETS come in ALL
COLORS; sixes 18 to 24.
MARKS BROS.
. 'TAe Home of Honest Values,"
1220-1222-1224 Market St. \
ADVEBTISEMENTa V_
] ¦**\IL— 4£H£\2rT?Z?^%± teJ . f*J)W Czi'\ > %# _gft^^S£^^ h^"^^^5< - '¦JSsS^^^^ JnSs&B^B^ .^&^^B^btb^~-£SR!!^9!^^X&l&^ Jk^k'^Hffc ¦
'** 0 *~ 0 ~^rGiifiw^ l £J^^-* " *^lv'rti\ wrVrli f'V^-M ffSJtf - i ffij tH&!i'tt - lASSfc Iflffl V '"'HBI BS&SFjl'^BftJal BWyWjHf-'JqrB"' fiHfofl? flftfl "****'
K£| And- hundreds of people are taking advantage of the offer. We WA
|U absolutely guarantee that in our great Dining-Room Sale our special |/|j
k\i prices on all dining-room furniture are from one-fifth to one-quarter Wjl
mto lower than those of any other house in San Francisco. Come and test 1\VI
Yjl them— seeing is believing. If you are furnishing now, or intend to fur- Iwi
Kyi nish soon, you may choose from these enormously reduced prices, and l\vj
&yj by paying only a nominal deposit on them you may have them held l\\l
|//| here for you for three months, if you desire. Even our regular prices Dljl
|| are from 10 to 20 per cent lower than those of any K/r
BjS /I2'§i331P^ other house — so this represents a saving of over VfM
A\f j S one " tnird in tne f lttm g °f y° ur home. WA
ml . 1 A jrf Regular Value $1.25. ; Jf/9
yh S'Slf£|f i^S ; d!r%^^^ article, just as an inducement for • yji
ilk Bp iiJS3P KSf you to come in- and look over |/|J
Ilk Mli^fllyl^Sll our immensel y bi S reductions in big lines. - ElU
¥/m Ft { $ \f\iO e have *" ve iUn^ re^ °f these Tabourettes in the weath- IV(|
VIA Q * ~~ |-- <-red and the golden oak. They are just the thing for a jar- 1^1
i//j £--*" i^r~JI diniere or a P^ted plant; or, better'still, for a little tea-table Nyj
tjjl \8>&&&&t&&*&&&* lor your afternoon tea. This week, while they last, 45c. MS
MJ , . "The Credit House," 233-235-237. Post Street. ' fiii