n^EIS is the second install
ment of "The Fugitive,"
1 Uie new novel of Jewish
life in liussia and America,
by Ezra S. Brudiio, which
has created such a stir, both
in Europe and America, in
which, perhaps for the first
time, shows the real condi
tion that: exists among, the
.lews. The interpretation
that the author gives to his
title it wiU.be found is vast
ly diiTerc^t from what tlie
reader might be expected to
j^ive it according to literary
tradition: .
After '/The Fugitive: 5 Mir
iam Miclielsoii-'s"jii«w : novel,
"In' the ; Rishop?s .Cii^a^e/V
which tejls : thejreniarkaKie
story : ,of Xance. OldeiiK the (
burglaf>;girl, ;< about which
the critics -of- two; Continents,
are ehtlhisiastically writijig
as tlie <>ne,l iferary ji nd of the
year, will be published com-.
l Ut/Ll - :¦ ' • - * ..¦"¦. •¦ ¦ -.
following'.note 'in the sudya's pointed,
handwriting: ¦».*',_. : *.'
¦ "My Dear Israel AbramowitcVi: t.hope
Uie amount 1 therewith*, send, ypu will
enable you t/u .. make a start, in life.
Should you wish to continue/ wilh.-your
studios at some s^hdbl, ¦ keep : m6 in
formed as to whereiyon are, .antK.1 shall*
damply assist you. With. shVeere kind-/
ness, I remain' »vcr hclpfu'l'to .you..' ,~. -. r
: . : "ALEXIS -
.".t glanced contemptuously at the-ten
,ruble bills, and then for the time" /or
.kof.^thein;^ Up I had '
been, ablb " to', reach; no * ¦declsion.-v. The
vsu'dy.a'8- note /left 'ibutr?ohe'(;ourse' biien '
to me— I must leave and' leave; at. once:
My frame shook as I thought' of going
awaj^ Never again see Katia's . face! '
Xever again hear. , her voice! ¦-. Never."
again feer.jher arm on my Bhouldet! ;,'f
B I stayed,, up j late tliat ' night," ponder-
Jjiajt'and '^pondering ,upbnr- my re<ikieg3-
andNfolly. . .Wbfen at Jength'Icde-,
,c^edttf lie down, "all of the' householoT
• had ijfinsl been .'asleep.. I "opened T-. the
of , my *r6<om and glancfd at i that
\vt .Katia;s.' A glimmering light,.- \yhic)i •
always burned at night in- her chamber,;,
peeped In 'a thin line from' under tht*,
.door/. My .heart ; beat like a 4 thouaand
.hammers .as my-, thoughts'..' travelled '
.¦back to the. scene, in the afternoon. "I
thought of 'her "father,, and a 'fierce de
sire for revenge arose in my heart. For
a moment I had forgotten the gratitude
I' owed j him. for his kindness and
wished only* Ij could do him harm. But
another I moKnent brought me % to ' : my
normal senses. .. I shuddered at the
atrocity of my momentary thought, and
I' hated myself for,' my ingratitude.; I
, quickly, undressed "¦ and . threw X myself
upon' the bed., ' "' " '. ; : \
..'» But . late as ,lt .was, sleep 'would not
.come. My sordid . childhood haunted
iny brain— the Talmud-Torah, the cruel
teachers, xniBgrable boys, and .then
a' picture of , mj^'jnother on her death
bed. My;. thoughl3 took: a- dlflerent
turfi7";;.'V\'hat i r would my ik-ther. say .to
my etaylng . .with I gent'les and aban
doning the", . of .--.my
faith? What "does the Talmud say?, 'Ah,
tlie.. Talmud! >,' I v . had so distinguished
myseif, in the study of Hebrew, and the
Talmud, cr.d/-nf»>v' 1 hWd Hung them
aside! ; My: He^ichers . had • predicted <a
gre5t-!?^ure fffiWSfi&Sfe a ntle of..4he
rabbit-arid '-npf-.,. l\ lia'C 'stray&d ; ' off!
tox^ard^a dlffei-egt'^cii'I! . The. ya^jiie 'jp-',
membi'abce s Jof/<ii}y ,
CamcMiiikiid. ihoiir ¦ Where tvitid hejbe-?.'
'W K ould evei* J-firid hinj? I.trltd^ t9,ret;.all
hls^f eaturjes/^but : I :.c,oi(ld not, sec -them
distinctly. : , The." .flimsy , tbreair 1 vthat
held my mind to the past streng.|hehed;
one 1 hoy.gl\ti/FURgestM another^ each
stFi'ind was ir.tertwjsted .wUh^ibpth^r.
Wea it nat' t this, sa^me, /Alexis BijilrUcU
had«'b.eei> sled^atel In . ouij^'wn,
and in whose hpuoe. my. brpth^rj'had
taken .refuge fc-r a^yhije? Ii'pjessea^/ny
forehead, ! hoping to .v.-ring^Ut/ aUj'(^at
my i braia | c6nt«iibed . resaxrtlng\irmy
. brother^ -.What . .v/as.^th^Tmnor.
thatcircuiated through the town 'xihix\
¦mjvfatlier was aixested?/ Ah, {now' I
Lrecalled.; it clearly ;, ; niy brother .^s in
love witti Mr." Blalnlck's nlec^and was
going to marry har; at : time' my
father, was ¦, imprisoned. And I?— I ? , I
pressed my te.mples hacder t> harder; '. I
wished to V grasp the situation mo-re
fully. .< I?. Why, f I ; was following In n^y
brother's - footsteps. , I - also was ' for
getting* mytmother'B wishes and 'the
lawsVof. my^people. ',-• ,/> - ; ; ,• /_-.".;
; Thus , I v my . brain ' for, an
houri'or.. moreV trembling feverishly..' all
the while, .till my? present situation ¦ re
curred to my mind. Since I must leave
.the^house,; \W»yl not, do, bo. ¦urreptt-
. tiously, ~:and ;tbus>6ave' .myself much
pain and degradation?: ->;tj ¦ _.;-, V
t 1 ent^p .in.ljMeAajid listened. ' Next ito .
n'iy;ioum wsiR.tti^t of tBevgovernes^; '
steady ca,nie*from it..- *A thought'
began to shaiiei'lt^elf hi-" "hiV; brain tj^V
pulse. quickoncd^' 'Jiifly'^heUrt .tnfobbed
¦vic-lehtly: '.'Anotnif-sound'reachsd merr
the, flat.;'bareiojsj;"fefe'pg -.ofr-a -sfirvarit- ;
Rirl in.> a 'distant :Vophir>ExbepC- for !
th^c^two',is6Uhtls;the.^<!|U^e : .vras 1 )jh;dead i .
sllencc.>-\ ; ~\u-^ '.';' •?; '¦¦&: - .; ; -^./ v •
V Aftep-I-Wi'V.^ited'a'^whlle I'<!!^ssed
quickly^'^ Ilhout ihaking the leus^irioise.
C I bpenefl'. thqjdoo>j6f. my_«iroom'tmi^tly; '
.'"the r'effec tiun 'i o f the faint 1 jghtVfrpm
tha ro6:n; <nio which .mine : opch%ti>.ife.H
ujH>n .thtf.^roH of nioney tJQn'.my liable..
il jturne4 and'lbobad '/a*t
momentv thoughtlessly. .-'Cj to
¦ table; tqo«i ; the , b yis .'in \ ¦. my ( < hand; Tre
mained 'standing .'a Hevr ,.ab-
. stractetliy.'Ciund th«n, "as 'inauto^mati
canyy.Vflung'ih^ money^ack upon .the
i tables I' was ,lcaving the room,-"«chen^I -
[cha'ueed; to.-thjrust my^hand-*. Into'. my_
: pocket. ;I did* jSpt have a. slBgle^copper.
.__^ : -even ia c,pp,^qk. 1. 1^.w^ht back v to
thetable.Vtojik-sLfew blliafrom the roll,
jand- pocketed them. .. -. ./ • .-.„;:;
:-• I, cast' a' last glance at my rbom and
• came .Vout^* into -the . next J one. I ,r^r.
malned- standing ,in - hesitation. . 'The
¦glimmering Hsht;. from .under Katia's
:door— it made me - quiver in - every
nerve; _• my .blood rushed . Into v my
feverish ? brain. I hield^niy' breath and
.listened again; loud snoring came from
. the governess's room.';. How ,my heart
E throbbed \ and s beat ' i andi hammered ! I
I turned the knob ; of Katla's ; door,' and
¦the next instant I was inside her, room.
• V TherVi before me jr.lay^: sweet -Katia,
; with ¦ her.* face: ceilingward,.' faintly. ', 11
' lumlnated by the -\ light ; or the v small
. lamp v. her beautiful '.Ups were ;sllghtly
parted, and one bare hand and- arm lay •
Sh£> slept* quietly^ and
'peacefully^ Her 'head/ sightly .^turned '-¦
""and her £rhn5oned lips/moved^ as If she
*sm,ackedj.tjiem. v /I i gazed at her, eagerly.'
*raplurjJu$Jy.**. A" sound^In^' the Vgoyer- .
'jrrei!5's~,?o'bfn,^vhich was conn'ectedfwlth;
•\KatiaJs ' and* the 4<4pr , o f whiiflf "stood \
made jn'y tiesh creep. " : Bd8n still- ,
wasj; again '.; only " the !
,'• heavy bfeat"hirig\of,the governess and,.
.the swlfchihg'Cof the snow' and } sleet
and window-panes ;¦-
XiStrAi'i'l must go — I must go;*' ¦
tblmvself. -But Kama's face, her •
'mass of i."dith.fveied. hair <)v^r the pol-'
•l-low, alhiost 1 persuaded nie to change 1 ;
; njy. plan 'and^walt till mVrnlng.'when I j
> should JJe'"^ablef, to ' hear / ;Kp.tia,H say/
S jj* gcod-^y." -."But 'I could not yvffilt'.*' I ,
; haa togo!t j;;".*.:-; ;'~$s*r£i< i r :<: : '
V V I ; _khfl^ before v her , bed ? and gazed-'.
; breRthles'sly at* the<' sweet face;* before ' .
*mef * I 1 * wagTalmoEtTJdaifedr^*! iesyied'.'my %
¦head against Jtljei'cofd 'edgre ' ofTj'erlbed. : .
*dum !^^.n*9n^iit'?worship. to V
stir, and the.Jiahd 'that 're'sted'-upon the!
•coverfet slfpp'ed down, as if she offered .
-it to me, to kiss. I pressed my lips up- >
.on her fingers with all my boyish pas- ,
sloti. ¦', Once more I gazed, at hei"faintly .
'\ illumined face, and then on '.tiptoe . I j
stole 1 out of the room.
CHAPTER XI. V
•THE MYSTERY REVEALED.
'.Outside it was -dark, cold; dreary,
.wltn^a bitter wind-driven sleet.- A dog
growled in his kennel as I passed him,
.but; after springing out i he seemed to
recognize me and quietly disappeared .
.within his shelter. I found; the gate
jt fastened^ so I- had .to: climb- over the .
I high barbed-wire fence which inclosed -
V the ; yard, { to the; great • injury. of " my •
clothes.-. On reaching- iqe roaa^i km
undecided . which direction-, to take.
Darkness was all about .me;; a fearful
sadness possessed me;, and. as, I ad
vanced a few steps an enigmatic, pow^r
was pulling me back. But L struck, out
on. the slushy road east at my fastest
walk. Gusta.of. sleet lashed -my face,
and my feet sank to; tlie^ankles a, t
every step. I tram.ped;Qn-,and .on—
whither? My head was crammed wltji
fragmentary thoughts^-of my^erstwhUe
happiness, of my folly, oj , my
tude— and my heart. sank wtth\sh,am©
of .myself. Instantly, however.^reason
came to my defense:, I had
noysln; T had^done, harm^to no one; ,1
Ibved'JCatla as a slstex, and .why should
Inpt^kisa her? r What harm ¦ is .there in
a Jcjjre.. that . because .of ¦ one the'ssudya
should., notify me to' leave? I thought of
the\>money I 'had ; taken;<lt. seemed to
burn {in my. pocket. ' ,1 pulled '.out.- the
notes ..and- flung themjflercely .into 1 the
.mud,* and -plodded on my way- with a
quieter -mind.
I tramped on through a seemingly
endless j stretch of mud-and-slush-cov
ered. land till at length I reached
small -village,* one of. those entirely
occupied by muzhiks (peasants), with
barnllke houses and houselike barns. I
would have sought shelter in one of the
hedged-ln huta, but all the dogs of this
little community set-up such a loud
barking that I was glad to get out vt
the village with my life. After another
half hour of the heavy road I caught
the faint lights of another village. By
this time. I was numb to my very bones
from the damp cold, my legs were so
fagged that one would hardly follow
the other, and my face stung as if It
had been lashed with a bunch of net
tles. -But I struggled desperately,
blindly on till I reached the village,
Copyright. 1904. by Doublcday, Pa~e
& Co.
CHAPTER XL 'Ji-l'j,
I BID FAREWELL TO ZAMOK.
Y IMMEDIATELY repaired to my
I room and locked myself in. ,My
I present happiness was gone, and the
magnificent castles I had built in
the air were*; all shattered. The
dreary weather outside added gloom to
ray misery. The . rain was ' now
completely changed to large flakes
of snow that disappeared as . they
fell upon the muddy ground. ¦ The
eudya's stern countenance stood before
my mind's eye; his harsh voice was
still ringing In my ears. , I brooded and
reflected, though ' nothing /'definite
shaped Itself in my mind. I thought of
Katla, of how the eudya glanced at her
• as she walked across' the room and past
hrm- with downcast eyes; and I shiv
ered. ; I had made'her suffer .on my ac
count. .This. .thought lacerated, my".
heart .arrd-I writhed with BhameT ; /vf ;
¦ I sat brooding till It grew dark, but
could not shape any definite plan..** A
knock interrupted my sad deliberation.
I opened the door, and'^Catla's'.gover
ness entered' -rtRh *a little parcel Iri^'her
? hand and placed" it r on the table before
me."
"The'Budya sends this to you," she
j said briefly; ..a.nd bidding me a cold
"good evening" left the room.
¦I regarded 'the parcel for several
minutes } before I 4 could ' summon ' the
* courage to olien' It; * I" knew ; absolutely
v what message .; it * brought , to me. ' 'I
; opened, it . with . trembling hands, and
• found a rolT of ten-ruble bills and the
The Sunday Call Magazine
THE FUGITIVEand that the Innocent blood of myrpoor
mother was on him; tell him that I. was
not yet strong enough to kllUhlm, but
should find vengeance for my' parents'
blood. . But after I had gone a few
paces back over, the road that led to
Zamok I realized how useless such a
step would be, >; With these .thoughts
still torturing my brain I returned!' arid
as If fearing ray own will I . began to
run. ¦ . .V . -¦¦.•"',-•.-.¦'
The 'weather had slightly^ changed
during the night; the hail- and' snow
had ceased falling, and the , warm
caress of the rising sun turned the fur
rowed fields into splashy mud and
slush. At every step I could scarcely
free my foot from the slimy mud, and
my boots squashed like croakltfg frogs.
\ I struggled along the mail'rbad, mel
ancholy, my head bent overmj^chest.
Gradually my fierce sentiment. -against
Bialnick gave place to a different, feel
ing, and my heart began to throb?vio
lently. i At first this feeling was vague,
almost incomprehensible, but ; I was
soon conscious of a sweet and alluring
air chiming in my ears; a soothing
sensation passed through my frame; a
charming picture presented itself be
fore me— Katia! I / felt the thrill of
hope as this vision fllttsa through my
mind. Again my heart was burning
with a> craving desire: again my blood
was flowing warmer and swifter; again
an almost Irresistible impulse was forc
ing me back to Zamok— go back and
read of the same book with her; feel
the I touch of her locks against my
burning? cheeks ; hear her - gay \ again,
"Why, you foolish Israel, '"' then III
marry you"— and forget— forget my
father and her father and everything
that embittered my heart!
But I realized that to return was lm-
passengers had supper at the inn be
fore which the klbltka 'hacs dropped us,
but I, having no money, set c-utvimme-
Vl|at6ly for the yeshlva^ Though night
had fallen, I needed no guide to It;
brightly, lighted; It towered above the
few hundred low-built, thatch-roofed
huts that composed -Javolln. From a
distance It appeared like a lighthouse,
and its reflection cast a vast shadow
over, the sea of roofs* '-I 'followed this
light. The town was quiet; not a mov
ing team, not a pedestrian, not an
other light to chear the deserted alleys,
not even. the sound of my footsteps as
I was treading the slush— nothing but
dense darkness, gloom, isolation. -'Only
once this deathlike stillness was broken
as the door of a tavern opened. ¦'
. But hark! While still at* some dis
tance^ from the yeshiva; a 'sound like
that* of water seething:. over a great
dafc reached my ears. I held my
breath; 1 put my feet down softly; I
strained ray ears. As I; approached
nearer the seminary the sound grew
louder and separated into distinct
voices— the sum of hundreds of voices,
each pitched In Its own key. For a
minute .1 stood In front of the great
white building and gazed through the
lc-ng arched windows at the swaying
heads and shadows . of heads, of
shoulders, of opening and closing
mouths, and at "the waving arms,
slightly oscillating- lamps suspended, on
long wires; and I watched; the young
students.- with 1 cigarettes 'between their
lips and long books under their arms,
hurry 'down the score' of' cut' atone
steps and disappear in the many small
side •streets i > that* branch - off the yes
hlva campus. '. , -
I climbed the stairs with awe in my
heart, opened the door, and trembling
ly-entered. A' ''bewildering/ spectacle
This sarcasm cut me to the quick.
He saw the effect of his words and
hastened to make amends.. "1 mean
no harm," he said, scratching the
same pell. "Go to the rosh-h'shiva
(principal), and he win <jo the right
thing by. you." . ¦ - i
;The. rosh-h'shiva lived in a luxurious
home next to the seminary. ,1 ascended
the high porch and. was -admitted to a
brightly ' lighted * corridor.
A tall, handsome young lady, richly
dressed, with the dignity of a queen
and the arrogance • of : a ; servant-girl
others in ciuines of the very latest
style; not a few appeared wealthy,
their faces' wearing the expression of
the spoiled child. Hale, robust lads
with \ broad shoulders and piercing
eyes were promiscuously discernible
among flat-breasted, submissive-look
ing boys.
A short, heavy-set man with a small,
Iron-gray beard and dull face walked
between the rows of desks, scrutiniz
ing everybody with his stupid eyes and
noting in his little book every vacant
seat. He was the mashslach (Inspect
or). He frequently stopped and spoke
to those seated near, as If inquiring
about the absent student. A tall man
with sottish eyes, purple nose and
curly pells (ear-locks) roiiowed behind
the mashgiach, step by step.
A few students noticed me standing
near the door, but no attention was
paid me until the man with the sottish
eyes— who. I, was told later, was the
mashgiach's • assistant — came . to me
and, asked whom I wished. to see.: I
told him ' I came to enroU in the yes
hiva. He glanced me oy«r with a sa
tirical smile on his facer and scratch
ing his left ptli said: "Did you bring
your wet-nurse and your cradle along
with you?" -- , v . ' -
"How do you figure, seven?" re
turned the driver. "I agreed with you
not 1 ' to have'mor© 'than thrte. men.' • Do
you call this • lady with \ children a
man?" He pointed his finger at a small
family crouched -together in the klbit
ka. "Do you call that, poor gentle-
"We will not allow you to take an
other, passenger," remonstrated the one
who- had before, shown great anxiety to
get to Javolin. "We <¦ hired you for
three jof us, and already you have
crowded in 1 seven more." !
"For how much?" he askeci pointedly,
beating the. butt of his whip against
his long, muddy boots. -
I- stood- abashed, with my fingers
fumbling in \ my pockets as if I were
scraping my money togetner. !
.scarcely get to Javolln at sunset." v .
; ."If you please," the driver rejoined
with unsuppressed wratn, "I'll not
-drive my poor horses to death on your
account — no, not for seventy-five co
"•pecks.v At this time of the yw I
should 'have charged at least a ruble
-'and a' half, but— all plagues oh»vthe
pother coachmen— competition Is fier<»e.
r Well (a 1 little facetiously), you -will be
'come a rabbi a day later." '•.•¦•.*; ">"^
' Javelin! Who had not heafti of ( the
¦¦; Yeshlva "(seminary) of Javolln ? ? ;What
Oqd-fearlng mother did not cherish the
".hope of having at least one sonatthls
lyceum? What wealthy fath
er v?dld' not | speculate or procuring a
from this center of learn
ing? What shadchan (marriageibroker)
¦didnot cast his ba'lt'in this 'pond of
'goldfish? The.Yeshiva of Javolin— the
•source of prodigies! 1 ¦•' •'¦-/ . ¦¦;
-. JaVolin now appeared to me like a
¦twinkling star in, a dense nght ..My
way was pointed me. .
I went up to ; the -driver and asked
him to take me to Javolln. '
My first impulse as I left the hut was
to go back to the sudya and tell him all
I had discovered— tell him that I knew
he was the cause of my father's death.
BACK TO MY OWN.
CHAPTER XII.
"Not in his name," struck In the
pious priest. "It was in Satan's
name." And he made the cign of the
cross over his breast
"Yes, batiushka, . in the devil's name/
And while I was in the devil's clutches
I coaxed the child into the woods. I
cut its throat and hid the body in the
synagogue."
He ended and lay fighting for his
says he. I knew her well; she was a
pretty girl; people talked about 1 her
being Blalnlck's mistress. 'I want you
to go to her house quite often,' says he,
'and tell the people she is your mis
tress.' "Yes." says I, and I was set free
the same day."
He rested again and then went on:
"A few months later Marianka gave
birth to a. child. The sledevatel gave
me money for Marianka: when I gave
it to her she took it ana cried. Then
one day Bialnick called me to his office
and asked me to own the bastard as
mine. I did not object What differ
ence was it to me? So everybody said
the child was mine, and I laughed.
Several years passed. I had plenty to
drink and plenty of money. The slede
vatel was never stingy. The brat grew
like a sapling— the very image of Bial
nick."
For several minutes he- struggled
hard for his breath. The priest was
like a statue. My heart! was throb
bing and my head was whirling.
"A few weeks before Easter Bial
nick sent for me. He asked me how I
liked being called the father of an
other man's, child. 'Would It not be
bett to get rid of this bastard,' says
he — 'better for me, better for you?' I
said It would. v 'Why should one not
make an end of it?' says he. I told him
that would be a risky business. 'We
could transfer it to the Jewish ac
count,' says he. I did not understand.
He said that Passover was near, and
didn't I know that Jews kill Christian
children for the Passover. 'Some Jew
would be blamed for it/ says he. ' 'Why
not Yudel Abramowltch?* I said he was
a good man; he had been very good to
me. 'Michael,' says he, 'you are a fool.
Don't you know the Jews killed our
Savior and nailed him to- the cross, and
they are still sucking our blood? Yudel
Abramowltch is a bloodsucker/ says
he. .'He's skinning the peasants alive,
and he got all his money by his Jew
.tricks and has a mortgage on all my
property/ All the time he had poured
out glass after glass of whisky— and
oh. batiushka. I promised!"
Michael fell back on the straw and
tossed convulsively.
"Go on— go on." the batlushka en
couraged him. "God will forgive you.
You have only been the instrument In
the hands of a wicked man."
. ."Yes, yes, batiushka, only an Instru
ment, blessed batiushka," wept the dy
ing peasant "Our Savior knows that I
did it in his name, as Bialnick told
me—"
Menke, was a small man who hud
probably ceased to grow at the age of
12, as Is sometimes the case with hard
working, children. His bones were
large and broad, and the more promi
nent as the Creator had neglected to
cover them wit* enough flesh; his
cheek bones were high and the cheeks
The same day I obtained lodgings at
a poor tailor's for the modest price of
twenty-five copecks a week, and I
hoped to stretch the balance of my
stipend so that it would cover my
board and other necessaries. .
I do not believe my landlord ever had
a given name, and if he had I am cer
tain he was unacquainted with it. In
the community he was known as Men
ke Shmunke's— that is, Menke the son
of Shmunke. And his wife, who
through some blunder >.f Providence
was made a -woman, was commonly
called Groone Menke ShmuDke's. Not
withstanding their humble station and
names, Groone always talked disdain
fully of the "ordinary working classes."
and so Influenced her husband as to
make him believe that he was a. re
spectable baal-hToos (bourgeois). |
He freed himself 'and turned to a
group of loiterers. "See here. # you fel
lows, you'll find It a good plan to leave
him alone." Without waiting for their
reply he led me off to his room, and
there we told one another of our ex
periences. I confided everything to
him except my feeling for Katia. a sub
ject too sacred for me to lay bare even
to my dearest friend. In spite of my
deadly hatred against her father, she
was sweeter than ever to me.
Before I was quite settled I sauntered
diffidently about the yesniva. A num
ber of students, who would sneak out
as soon as the rosh-h'shiva appeared,
were always found. lounging about the
lobby, with books under their arms
and lighted cigarettes between their
lips. For some young, men came here
for the sole purpose of being enrolled
as students in order that they might
obtain a reputation for scholarship and
so have their dowries- increased. They
would chat, crack Jokes, play pranks
upon one another, criticize* the yeshlva
officials, make insinuating remarks
about Rabbi Brill's young wife, and
were altogether bent" on mischief.
-.Seeing me, they began to make me
the butt of their Jests. A- tall, lean'
fellow, with glasses on his nose, whis
pered to another, loud enough to be
heard by them all: "Did this baby
(meaning me) bring his mamma
along?" A roar of . laughter followed
this facetious remark, jjf I blushed,
dropped my eyes, arid bored, my pocket
painfully. Immediately a. j coiled wet
towel, thrown by one of.-tbe group,
struck me In the back of the. neck and
sent my cap flying. I should have. been
furious at this insult, but I had only a
desire to sneak away.
"Shrolke!" exclaimed a" voice aj X
was picking up my cap. .
I wheeled about Joyfully. "Ephralm!"
I cried; and we , weTe straightway
clasped in each other's arms. .
"A mountain never meets a moun
tain, but one person comes across an
other," be quoted in Aramalc-Chaldalc.
The following morning I .presented
myself before the niashglach,'who,was
also the examiner, and upon hfa recom
mendation I was accepted and granted
a stipend of seventy-five copecks p.
week, though Rabbi Brill's beautiful
young wife Insisted that. fSty copecks
were plenty.
MY NEW HOME.
CHAPTER XIV.
The rabbi looked at me thoughtfully,
curling a few hairs of his white beard
about his forefinger. His young -wife
regarded me "with anything but pleas
ure. ¦ . •
"Well," he said after a few moments,
"present yourself before the maahgiach
to-morrow, and If he reports your ex
aminations satisfactory we'll see what
we can do for you." .
% "I don't believe we can give anything
to a resident of Teploffka." struck In
his wife, noticeably irritated, as if her
own money were in question. "I looked
at the books the other day and I found
that Teploffka never contributed much
to the yeshlva."
"A— a— my child" (he addressed his
wife also as "my child), the rabbi said
softly, " we'll see to-morrow— a— a—
we'll see to-morrow."
A'few minutes later, I was tramping
back through the muddy street to the
tavern where the kibltka had dropped
me. ••. '
He raised his eyes.-,, "What do you
wish, my child?" he asked in a benign,
husky voice.
I told him that I desired to enter his
institution.
' He stretched out his little fat hand.
"Sholam aleichetn (peace be to you)."
he said. "And . where^ dof-you come
from?" Jv '
I knew -the consequence If I told the
truth. I hesitated a moment and then
gave the name of a small town I had
never seen. . ¦ >. y' ¦
He was proceeding * to question me
further, showing a* little rigor in his
tone, when he vas interrupted, by ths
young lady I had met in the corridor.
"Miriam, how Is* Teploffka?" he -asked
of her. "Do we get; anything from
there I"
I *The collectors scarcely make their
expenses." she replied authoritatively.
•'And besides, we have no trustees
there, and I do not believe that we can
allow a Teploffka student any stipend."
I did not know what reply to . make.
I stood dumb between the ag«.dj rabbi
and* the beautiful young lady " (who I
afterward learned was his third wife),
like a Daniel between two lions. ;
The rosh-h'shiva turned again to me:
"Perhaps your father will be able to
send you enough money, so that you
won't need any stipend," he* sug
gested. '
"I have no father." I murmured
"A yosem (orphan)?" he inquired in
a sympathizing tone.
"Neither father nor mother," I re
plied.
"You may see him in his study
there." she said a trifle haughtily, and
pointed to a large room across the hall
way, the. doors of which were open.
I stopped at the threshold. A solidly
built man of about 70 years, with a
calm, broad, square forehead, was
stooped over a long table, upon' which
lay* a number of open folios. His un
spectacled eyes skipped from book to
book as he turned a lew leaves at one
or scribbled a few words on the margin
of another.- Every line uv his face
showed complete ; absorptlo#. I stood
for some minutes waiting""- for. him to
take notice Of me. but he continued
bent over the- books, unconscious of
my presence. So; I thought it wise to
cough. .
who .marries : her. master, cam* up to
me and asked:
"Do you wish to see the rabbi?"
"Yes," I murmured. .
The rest of the family paid no heed
to the dying man. "My confession — my
confession," he murmured feebly, as he
tossed about convulsively in the
agonies of death. Once tie rose by a
sudden impulse to a sitting posture
and screamed: "Oh, the priest! Confes
sion — my confession!" Nobody seemed
to have heard him: the family was
peacefully snoring; a rew pigs under,
the family bed grunted and squealed
restlessly.
It must have been a little before day
break when I heard approaching foot
steps. Soon the door opened, and Ba
sil entered with a corpulent old man,
•whose long, white hair overhung his
broad shoulders.
"Here, batlui-hka," Basil said rever
entially, pointing a finger at his
brother, writhing with pain on the
ground.
The batiushka remained standing In
the middle of the room, leaning on his
heavy gold-headed walking-stick. The
host produced a long, thin lath, which
he stuck between two uncemented
bricks of the oven and then lighted.
The flaring torch cast a mournful light
over the whole room, and brought out
the cadaverous face of the dying man
with ghastly distinctness.
"Michael," Basil said to bis brother,
"here is the batiushka."
The dying peasant made an effort to
raise his head, but fell back upon the
truss of straw. There was a convul-
Michael emitted a deep groan. "God
knows whether— I'll live long enough—
to see the sun. Call the batiushka."
I shuddered. Basil scratched his
head again, muttered a few curses un
der his breath, and put on his heavy
fur coat and his sheepsKln hat. "I
know you will trouble the batiushka
for nothing." he said, and slammed the
door behind him.
Basil scratched his head as If unde
cided what to do. He looked good
natured, . but he appeared to entertain
come doubts as to whether his brother
had reached the point when a priest is
necessary. He uttered a curse good
naturedly, as if his brother's request
¦was merely an every-day Jest, and
¦aid: "Oh. Michael, you won't die yet.
and I'll trouble the batiushka (little
father) for nothing."
"Basil— I— «m— dying."
•To the devil!" my host muttered, as
he Jumped out of bed. "What do you
want, Michael 7"
"Brother"— Michael made a hard ef
fort to epeak— "brother, bring a priest.
I am dying."
I climbed upon the high oven and
was coing to lie down, when I noticed
something stirring there. And I was
etill more startled to find a partner— a
girl. I was going to slip back to the
floor, but ehe said, "There Is plenty of
room here." and Innocently moved
aside. The morality which had been
Inculcated In me did not permit me to
accept her courtesy, and I offered as
an excuse that it was too warm. So I
lay down on one of the benches.
The family soon fell asleep again,
but, exhausted though / 1 was. sleep
would not come to my eyes. My mind
followed a train of feverish thoughts
aroused by the events of the afternoon
and night; and besides, even had my"
mind not been active. I would have
been kepf awake by the deep groans
that aroie near me, which, however,
did not seem to disturb the other occu
pants of the hut. After 'my eyes had
become accustomed to the semi-dark
ness I discovered a man lying upon a
trust of straw on the ground but a few
feet away from me. The dim light be
fore the Image of. Christ cast a yel
lowish glow upon his emaciated coun
tenance. He lay covered with a tat
tered sheepskin coat; his head rested
upon a dirty straw cushion. His eyes
were closed, his mouth half open, and
he was breathing slowly, a groan com
ing forth with every breath.
"Basil!" he cried out, after I had
been in the hut for perhaps a quarter
of an hour.
Nobody answered; loud snoring rang
through the stenchy room. I could now
hear the man on the ground breathing
heavily and tossing about restlessly.
Several minutes passed.
"Basil!" he cried again in a hoarse,
feeble voice. The only answer was a
chorus of snores from the "family
bed."
A suffocating stench pervaded the
room; however, the warmth brought
new life into my benumbed body. Four
or five of the occupants of the bed
raised their heads, and I noticed by the
light of the oil lamp that they were of
both sexes.
The good muzhik set black bread,
salt and water before me, and asked
me whether or not I was hungry. I
thanked, him gratefully, and said all I
cared for was & place to deep.
"There. SJldotchick (little Jew), is a
warm spot." he pointed with his finger
at the top of the oven. And he un
ceremoniously raised the large blanket
and crept under by the side of his
family.
which was one long - and extremely
nrrrow alley. I stopped before the first
hut, which stood behind a broad rustic
pate, end from which a glimmering
light shone forth, determined to beg-a
<Sry spot for the rest of the night- As
I came up to the grate several dog*
¦within begaa such a ferocious barking
that I paused, fearing to risk what
little life remained in me. Recalling a
kind cf exorcism I knew when a child,
3 tried it on theee raging animals. But
they seemed not to mind my incanta
tions. One Jumped over the gate, and
the rest made as if to follow. In this
critical situation I thought the best ex
orcism would be to cry for help. I did
co, end a 'peasant, half-nased, opened
the door of the hut.
"Who's that?" he asked, as he
quieted the dogs.
I told him that I was a wanderer and
wished to have lodging overnight.
"Bosje Mol (my God)," he said,
croesing himself. "On a night like
this:" And after ire had scrutinised me
he murmured to himself: "He's no
thief— only a little Jew."
"I deny shelter to no one, be he
Christian cr Jew," he eaid, as he
cpened the gate fop me.
I entered his hut. It was of the
came style as those of most muxhiks;
one square, earth- floored room, the un
plastered walls and low celling of
which were black with smoke. One
fourth of it occupied by a large brick
oven; another fourth taxen up by a
larg« bed which was commonly known
as the "family bed;" and the remain
ing space filled by a long, unpainted
table with a rough bencn along each
elde of it. a pall of water, a manger for
the pigs, and a wooden dish for the
rabbits that were crowded together in
a. comer. An oil lamp burned before a
»maU image of Christ, placed beside
the window, or rather the small square
hole which served as one.
last" breath. . "Oh, 'batiushka!"^' he
gasped, clutching the priest's"' Hand."
But not another word. Incoherent
babbling was all I could hear. * The
priest took a cross from his pocket and
pressed it to the dying lips.
I rose unsteadily to my feet. The
members of the family were rising one
by one; the rabbits, crowded together
in a corner, were, munching withered
cabbage leaves; the pigs 'under the
"family bed" squealed and grunted;
the chickens cackledin the coop under
the ovenr— it was daybreax already.' '
Without so much as a "thank you" I
slipped out of the hut, leaving the
peasant in his last gasps and the priest
whispering words of absolution In his
ears. • .. ¦ .'•¦ . ."" '¦'¦¦¦¦.' ¦'. > -~"
."" Vaguely I : marveled- that chance had
. brought me to this hut on * just this '
night; vaguely I thought or life being'
*a chain linked of chances; vaguely . ; I
recalled the Incidents of my' life and
the chances that linked them together. .
Little by little new-. thoughts, new sen
timents took possession of we— strange
thoughts, wild. sentiments, , This Bial
nick—this . supposed ' benefactor. A
fierce, savage desire for vengeance
vengeance at any cc-st— burned within
me. And suddenly'.', like a streak of
lightning ripping the Clouds; the re
niernbrance of a face recurred -to my
mind. Ah, Katial Katia! Honey from
, a stinging bee.. . ; . ' . . rV
"One day a burglary occurred next to
the sexton's house. I 'was arrested. I
was Innocent. batiusnka. They
brought me before Sledevatel Bialnick.
He cross-examined me. He could not
get anything out of me. I was,inno
cent and knew nothing of the burglary.
We were alone in his offlce— Bialnick
and I. 'Michael,' says he to me. 'I'll
have, to direcV you. Your record of
the past shows that you committed this
crime.* And then says he: 'But I'll
help you and set you free If you'll do a
trifle for me!' 'Yes,' says I. 'Do you
know Marlanka, the washwoman?*
This word of encouragement from the
priest seemed to give strength to the
dying man, and though shivering vio
lently he proceeded more easily: "Oh,
batiushka, my great sins have preyed
upon my life for the last ten years—*
ever since I was seized in the devil's
clutches!" /„
"""Confess and lighten your burdened '
heart," the priest encouraged him
again, making the %ign of the cross.
The dying man seemed to be so agi
tated with his forthcoming confession
that fer some time he cuuld not speak.
Then he resumed, a gasp after each
choppy sentence:
"Batiushka, I wish my soul to go up
to God. 'i want to tell you all before I
die." Another long pause. "About '
fifteen years ago I worked for a 'Jew.
His name was -Yudel Abramo witch." #
I sat up and gasped for breath at the ,
mention of my father's name- ' • ..
"He % treated me well, he did. But the
devil got me in his clutches, and I took
to drink. My master gave me many
warnings, but the devil would not let
me etop. Yudel told me to leave — I
couldn't blame him. J hung around the
taverns, helped them a little, got plen
ty of drink." He paused again. . "I
drank more and more. I was kicked
out from every place. TJien I got to
be helper to the sexton in the syna
gogue.
.•'Batlus.hka," the patient began in a
low, guttural voice, his eyes moving
wildly— "Batiushka, I wish to confess
before I die. I elnned heavily— heavily
—heavily." Here he collapsed.
"Confess and bring salvation to your
soul."
The priest crossed himself and with
eyes uplifted murmured: "May the
Father, Son and Holy Virgin bring you
salvation."
¦ive twitching of his emaciated coun
tenance, his' unshaven* chin trembled,
his frame shivered.
jnah,*' 4 he said' -in -a" lowered voice,'
""pointing at another* passenger, "a
man? Well, I am an ' ignoramus. .' but
you ought to know that the Talmud
says: 'A poor man is regarded as a
corpse.' Did I ever promise' you not
to carry a corpse? And now as to that
blind gentleman, don't. you, know that
the Talmud says that a blind man Is
exempt from all religious obligations-
Now as to this youngster, he is no
man, as you can see for yourself."
-~ These . Jesting • excuses pacified the
grumbling passengers. -Turning to-me.
the driver said: "Well, how much will
you give ?"
. «'i— i— lost ray money." I stammered, ,
feeling , the blood spring to my cheeks
from shame of the lie.*
; "Aha! little fellow," Hfte driver said
humorously,; "you' lost your money,
hey? If you're as smart as that you
musV have reached manhood, and I
agreed with /these gentlemen to take
no t more /than thfee." He laughed
heartily as' he turned- to his passengers
and winked.-. 7 ¦ .' ! , "," .".
I dropped- my eyes and wished I
might sink through the ground; , t his
Jests hurt me, and the passengers
stared, at me curiously.
After a short rest. the driver asked
the passengers to take their »eat«, and
"he Jumped upon the box. My" htart
sank within me as I watched them
crawl into the long/' narrow, ( closed
wagon. J would give anything to be
taken to Javolln, but I did not have a
copeck. But as I started away' on foot
the driver called after me: "Where do
-yon live; young fellow?"
Tears filled my eyes. 'Where did I
live?.' ¦¦¦ ¦ '.'¦.'* *%• '
ile glanced at me pityingly. "Jump
up," he said, and moved aside to make
room for me. ' ."
; CHAPTER XIII. .
THE YESHIVA.
When we reached Javolln the other
•was "before" nay, eyes. ~ No less than flv»
hundred students were ' in the enor
mous classroom, j varying from strip
lings of 16. to grown men with long, un
trimmed beards, sitting and standing
'on both sides' of the long "reclining
desks." They swayed, tneir 'bodies
'backward .'and "forward, from side to
side, like so many pendulums in a
clockmaker's shop, while they. conned
their. lessons in as - loud a voice as
each pleased, arid In as many different
intonations as- the voices that uttered
them. Some -s&ng-'Tahnudlc rales In
'elastic barytones and modulated alto
voices; some recited the Intricate,
never-ending, halr-splltlng arguments
in plaintive,' imploring notes, and some
piped halachas (statutes) f - in sweet
soprano; some laUghed "and some
groaned: some shouted and some
hummed In hushed voices; some talked
and some whispered; some winked and
some stared idiotically— an uproar of
Talmudlc , learning! The sight was
purely oriental, unadorned by Greqian
art or modern European polish.
Among the clamorous rows of stu
dents there were representatives of all
climes, and of all generations of the
race; old-looking, swarthy. Arabian
faces; delicately cut Grecian faces;
'faces with commanding Roman noses:
•¦andy-complexioned Russian faces;
and faces suggestive of Spain and Hol
land and Germany and Poland and of
nations unknown. In their thoughtful
countenances, their gestures, their ner
vous actions— in everything about
these children of a. wandering ¦people
a. physiognomist might : have read£~as
from • an /open. i book; . ths «aro# vwlili
imaginations- and poetic" minds < that
characterised. ' in ages long past,'th»ir
heroes, poets, and brilliant sages. * ,
In dress and j5hysique the students
varied as much as in their faces.
There were men In old-fashioned long
caftans, with corkscrew curls dangling
on both sides of their cheeks, and
possible; < bo* I tramped painfully, JlvS-,
~gedly 'on, 'my legs "growing heavier and
heavier. Presently the faint jingling of
a bell behind me broke In upon my .
hopeless thoughts. Turning about, ,1
beheld along, mud-covered klbitka,
the top of which was a quaint combina
tion, of patch§s, drawn by two skinny,
' bespattered horses. I stopped and
waited Its . approach. But just before
It reached me its front wheels sank
half-way to the hubs in a water-hidden
¦rut.'-- ¦ .¦'¦-".•-.¦¦. • ¦ — .,•-¦—,--¦ . : - ¦¦ ¦
"Phmtz—phmtx!" the' driver encour
aged his animals. They pulled with all
their strength, but the wheel*, evident
ly pot-well -gwawd, creaked- withoat
rolling. ."Would that the black cholera
had you, you" limping old mares!" This
the driver followed. by a long string of
baths, Jerking the reins and whipping
- the poor beasts mercilessly. Several
passengers Jumped out of thelr^pwn ac
cord, and this so, lightened thT vehicle
that the horse's,' by a sudden pull, drew
the kibltka creaking out of the rut /
"Nu, pritzlm (noblemen)," the .driver
accosted his passengers nalf-sarcasti
cally. "get amove on you. You think
my Honp (tapping his horses with his
,whlp); can carry you a thousand miles
''without a stop, hey?"
V . "We ! dragged slowly j enough ¦ all
night," complained one of the passen
gers from within the klbltka, "and If
wf keep'on moving at this rate we'll
THE. SAN .FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL\;
2THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALE.
very hollow *nd overgrown with a
tousled b!ack* beard, over which hung
his long, Eilky fells, which frequently
annoyed him when he bent forward to
thread a needle. A skull cap invaria
bly crowned his head. The material of
this cap was a puzzle to me. At first
I thought it was velvet because of its
gloss and blackness, but after closer
observation I found the gloss to have
been chiefly due to the pressure of his
hat, under which he always wore hid
cap, in order (as he once explained to
me) that he might not remain bare
headed when delivering clothes in
places where the removal of his cap
would be necessary, so I changed my
opinion.
Groone was Menke's second love, and
by no means had he been disappointed
in hiS second venture, for in a little
over seven months he had been blessed
with a kaddish (a male child to say
prayers after a dead parent). At first
the continued existence of this kad
dish was gravely doubted; neverthe
less, he grew ta!l and stooped, and had
as fine a pair of crooked shoulders as
ever overtowered a folio of Talmud.
His name was Samuel, which was
fondly diminished by his mother to
Shmulke. which his father, who talked
through his nose— because that organ
was broken a little below the Semitic
bridge — pronounced Shmunke; and as
the kaddish likewise talked through his
nose he also had difficulty iWpronounc
ing his own name, and therefore spoke
of himself as Shmunke Menke
Shmunke's.
Although Menke was very anxious to
have a daughter (for as Groone used to
complain, ehe had enough bedclothes
for half a dozen daughters), the "Lord
had shut up her womb," and Shmunke
remained a ben-yocrid (an only son).
Naturally, Shmunke "was given to the
Lord all the days of his life," and he
was destined by his parents to become
a rabbi. And In the manner of tho
prophet there never came scissors upon
his -head, so that at the time of my
forming his acquaintance he could knot
his pelis under his chin. He was now
about 18 years old. and his mind was
constantly rambling in the cul-de-sac
of the Babylonian compilation. '
There were only two rooms in the
house. One served for the kitchen, for
- the bedroom of the husband and wife,
and also for the tailor shop, in whiih
Menke and Groone sat from sunrise till
late at night over their work. The
otheV was Shmunke's room; it was al
ways clean and neat. I was supposed
to share this room with him, but It so
happened that it was practically mine
alone, for Shmunke stayed "in the yes
hiva, to the extreme joy of his p»>or
parents, every day and the greater part
of every night, and shook himself and
shouted as loud as his lungs would al
low over a large and heavy volume of
Talmud.
The sec-ind day after I had conic to
reside tvith these people Groone came
into my room, smoothing her heavy
wig. and a little awkwardly opened
conversation. "Teploffker (most of the
students were called by the name of
the town th<?y came from). I hate to
intrude upon people; you know, it is
not my nature. As I always say to my
husband (may. he live a hundred and
twenty years!) gome people like to im
pose, but bur natures are quite th»;
other way. We know our station. . Not
like Beile Yentc Mollie Zippe>, who
thinks because her second cousin i\;as a
rabbi the is an aristocrat. I know full
¦well, if not for my Shmunke.' who.
Rabbi Brill said with his own holy
mouth, is going to be a shining light in
Israel, I would be no more than the
ordinary working people. I admit that
I would be no more than Yankle, Chaim
or Todres. But when God blessed us
with such a son-Vwell, you can't help
feeling a little proud, as the Talmud
says— he! he! you will excuseme if I
misquote it; I am only a woman (and
her countenance assumed a smiling
grimace), but I think it says that good
children pull their parents out of the
blazes of hell, and of course a person
can't help, you know, feeling a trifle
elated over such a blessing.^ As I say,
it is not In our nature, neither in mine
nor in my husband's (may he live a
hundred and twenty years!)— but really
what do you think of our Shmunke?
Are there any brighter boys in the
yeshiva? Really, I am only a poor.
Ignorant woman: but is there anybody
who knows more than Shmunke? And
— " She suddenly checked herself and
with a beaming face she said: "I hear
him coming, and I must be quick. My!
my! How hungry my poor darling must
be!"
And !n a jiffy the table In "our" room
was covered with a white cloth and a
savory dinner was set upon it. Menke
and his wife never breakfasted on any
thing better than black dre;id and chi
cory, and their second meal (for they
ate twice a day only) consisted of the
same rye yread. a piece of herring and
milk-washed barley. -
When Shmunke was In the house his
parents never talked sibove a whisper;
then their thoughts fceemed to be cen
tered upon him alone. I^ate at night,
while Shmunke pondered in the yeshiva
over some commentary upon the Tal-
Katia, Menke and Groone would hold
mud. and while I sleepily thought of
council regarding their ben-yochid's
future. The subject was always the
same, and their talk always was much
as follows: *\
"Menke"— thus the dialogue would
'commence — "Menke, are . you already
asleen? (Menke would stir in his bed.
evidently desirous of slumber.) ilenke,
you blockhead, you peasant's brain,
you straw-stuffed head, why not Men
del the timber-merchantis daughter?
Why not? (No reply from Menke.)
Now teil me why not, you s tiff- neck ed
father. Mendel, as the whole world
knows, is a lamden (a man learned in
the Talmud), who owns a water-mill,
manages two large estates for Count
Metzkewicz, is tax-collector. *«nd has
no sons. (The primogeniture law is
still in existence unions tha Jews in
Russia.) Mendel is" fully 70 years«old,
and how long does a man live? Think'
what Shmunke would fall heir to.
Imagine what >HirshIe the cobbler,
Baiil the carpenter, Zemaeh tha water
carrier would • t hinjc of us then— and
who would not? They ; would simply
hang themsetvrs with Jealousy.
Khmunke would get a v seat In the syn
agogue r.twt to the Oren-Kodesh.'
What: JFVU are not really snoring? A.
plague un you! You may burst on the
spot. And I ea'y Mendel's daughter
and no Ainc e?se.'V
A few seconds of silemo would: en
sue. Not a'. sound from the other bed.
"Well. Merike. did you get deaf and
dumb all of. a suddrn?" . .
**oV, "I'toTd yon it hundred *tim?s,"-
Mf n ii^ u^ d nnally llESV> ' er through
bis "nose" in a sleepy tone, "that I'd
rather 'have lny fon marry a. rabbi's
daughter than. Hie daughter of a tim
ber itiexchant. What is wealth? As it
stands in the TehiHm (Psalms): -'For
when lie dieth he shall carry nothing
away: his glory shall not descend after
him.'" from theTlearness of his voice
1 Judged that he rosy on his etbow, as
he continued suavely: "Look here:
Torah is thfi best merchandise. The
rabbi is also an aged man, the girl is
his only child, and when he dies who
will succeed him if he . should have a
son like our Shmunke? Narrel* ; (little
fool)," he would proceed . persuasively,
"why should money dazzle your eyes*
Now think what our enemies would say
seeing our Shmunke with .the . rabbi's .
daughter under the chupa • (nuptial
canopy)." •
Little by little such-' conversation,
would* become more and more broken
until nothing would be heard from the
next room but the sonorous snoring of
the pair, like trumpets out of tune.
CHAPTER. XV.
THE "SHA."
•However great the 'contrast between,
the life I had led in the sudya's house
and 'that I spent with, these humble
people, the next few months passed
rapidly and almost happily. It is true
the sacred fire which Katia had kin
dled in my young heart did. not
smolder, and the ambition which she
had aroused in me grew daily and took
full possession of me; but I was con
scious of the heavy , shackles that
checked my movements, and was dis
creet enough to keep still when I real
ized that the raising of my voice would
bring me no relief.
I learned the ways and manners of my
schoolmates and became one of them.
I learned to sway myself backward'and
forward and shout the , Talmudic lore
at the top of my voice. ?By and by I
even learned to comdemn Rabbi Brill
for being henpecked, and his young
wife for curtailing the students' sti
pends.
Ephraim was as commanding in this
great institution as he had been in that
dingy little Talmud-Torah. Here, to'o,
he was the leading spirit, and was
huted by Rabbi Brill and the other
seminary officials as he had been feared
by Shlomka Gazlen. Although the
school authorities- knew that he v.as
violating every rule of the faculty, he
was never molested f on that score.
But he frequently .gdt. himself into
trouble by" taking the part of others.
A few days beforej the; clo^e of the
winter semester :the of forty
five students were reduced twenty per
cent, and ' a 'number .of students who
had been caught reading "prohibifod
books" -were given notice to resign.-
Ephraim promptly took up the cause
of his. unfortunate fellow-students. • He
openly condemned the' actions of /the
roch-h'shlva and agitated \ fearlessly
among his classmates. The yeshiva
was In a state of uprising. Students
stood in groups about the 1 campus, djs
c-ussing the state of 'affairs: In excited
torvesf hushlns"at the appearance x>t
Rabbi Brill and resuming , as soon as'
he was out of sight:'-'* . '. . ' .,•
"Tc-nisht ' we'll .;;have' 'the' , biggest
'sha' Rabbi Brill ever* sa'w',"' Ephraim
confided to me. one morning. 1 • "Uuless
the stipends are/' raised, and- the. raids.
of students' lodglngsstoppW'at once,;
Rubbi Brill will stayUhere /all ) night,
and every window-pane of.- his .'.house
will be smashed." \- *.;•*' ";J-<Vs: :'¦?'. -?.->''
"But. why blame him"" 1 •asked^Vlf .
the contributions ¦ the . ElW?rhl'*fund'
have diminished, what-catuie d</i' ?
"•"What can he dp?" he burat-^out
vehemently.* — - . ' &% \
"You're the same chlcksn-hearte'd Tel
low as of old: ...you . always
everybody^ He lives in luxury, hip wife;
rolls in gold and lavishes money, on^
dresses, and forty-five poor students
are to tuffer. Why should he suppress
the rending of enlightening boGks.. a r.S
periodicals? Aren't we our own r mas
ters?" . .-.';* '
I urged him to abandon "the ' plan, but
he said sharply that I was just like a
girl — afraid of everybody; and then he
abruptly left me.
In the evening, after prayers, every
. student, resumed his, studies as usual.
Rabbi Brill, as was his wont,' walked
between the rows of desks, and up and
down the long passage between
tall, white "four columns"' which sup
ported the oriental structure". He
moved slowly, his thumbs stuck,rest
fully In his abnet, his streimel (round
fur -hat) tilted back, and cast suspi
cious glances here-and there. Present
ly Rabbi Brill reached his armchair,
which looked like a kingly throne, and
opened a pocket-edition volume of the
mishna (a syllabic digest of the Tal
mud).
.Then suddenly, "Sh! S.h! Sh! Sh!"
hissed. five hundred breaths. And just
as suddenly all were hushed. , -
Rabbi Briir leap'ed from his chair,
and ; his ' energetic, .^powerful face
clouded . .with rage. He .turned his
piercing; eyes right and left, but none
of the students looked at him.
"Sh!-Sh! Sh! Sh!" again came from
all sides, like so many hissing snakes.
The ma'shgiach • slapped his desk
wrathfully.v "Silence!" 'he cried.
"Silence!"- shouted his assistant!' ¦
But their commands did nothing, to
quiet the sibilant uproar.
- Rabbi Brill's anger seemed to be"
aroused to Its highest pitch, but he
still . restrained his feelings, and con
tinued walking down the passage be
tween the v "four columns," trying to
subdue the class\with his looks. But of
no avail. His patience gave way, and
he cried out in his hoarse-voice: "Stop
hissing!". ¦'¦¦•¦'
No one, regarded hlm.^ Stamping of
feet began to be heard at the farthest
end of the hall.' Ephraim. who sat.,
opposite mo. Joined in -the stamping,
and commenced slapping the book be
fore him. Rabbi Brill paused in front
of me, his patriarchal countenance
white with wrath, ar.d fixed his eyes
upon Ephraim. • ¦./•'.-':-¦
, "Stop that, you rasdai:" he shouted,
pointing h!s finger at Ephraim.
•''Raise lhe ( stipends!" responded
lEphraim boldly ? . histing and stamping
his feet th'f more. : v J -, \
TV Rabbi Mrijl lifted his "hand and let it
fall twice tin Ephralm's" cheek. The re.-'
ports of- the slaps' hushed-the cla^s "for
•.^'second, but the'next fnstuht the con
fusion Increased.-- 'A; prolonged whistle
rang through'; tbc, seminary. At once
all the Hsht3. were turned out, and a
shower of. smashed' lamps and their
chimneys came rattling to-.the floor;
benches, chairs, tables and everything
breakable' flew up in the air and capie
down with a crash; a. large tank of
water which stood at the entrance, was.
turned over;- and above the clapping,
stamping, shouting, whispering, and
Hissing, the cry arose again. and again .
..in chorus: - "Raise the vyveekly: sti
pends!" "Raise the weekly stipends!".
!q Rabbi Brill groped his. way out of the
darkness, but the mashgiach and his
,aMsi3tant. who. were . less /respected,
were. beaten' a*nd thrown bo&lly'out of
theThall with^^^it^ir-rend^ng^ ch^er. ,
,*iAs coon as;tbV.'*sha"' was over, ia.com".
niittee of arbitration uasjrtfpt to the
it'sh-h'shiVa^j ir#yj»rJicalher",Wsi "young ,
wife, imrriedlau-Jy/sfaiited the raise of
t hoi e,. v.e»?';ly Mtiiijhfcs' that had been
reduced, but he 'would not retract the
cither d«rre>?. : : The. offense at which >
"they were directed could not bs tolera
,ted in a "Jewish theological school, he .
declared with tears in his eyes, and he
said that he/would rather see the doors
of the ytshlva closed forever than per
mit the reading of "pernicious books,"
as he called novels and philosophic
works.
Ephraim saved others, but himself he*
could hot save. The authorities could
not overfook the part he had taken in
.this uprising, and immediately ordered
his expulsion.
One beautiful springlike morning a
few days later a light cart moved
slowly through the main street of
Javolin, and after it came a long train
of whistling, singing, shouting stu
dents. When the hilarious- procession
reached the mail-coach road leading to
Vilno the, cart* halted and all voices
were hushed; all eyes were raised to
Ephraim,' who mounted the caf t. He
waved his hat and expanded his chest,
but for a moment it seemed 'he could
not give vent to his overflowing senti
ments. His eyes glowed like burning
charcoal and his whole body quivered.
Then he controlled himself and poured
forth his ideas. with all the passion and
fire of his nature. He spoke of the new
epoch which was beginning with the
young generation, of fanaticism, of en
lightenment, and of the mysterious fu
ture.
The audience listened breathlessly."
When he had finished speaking they
burst Into a frenzy of cheering, and
when the time of departure came every
. ojje. embraced and kissed him.
.Long after the happy gathering had
returned to their crude studies, long
after the cart that carried my friend
had, disappeared from sight, I stood
brooding by the roadside, with my head
drooped over my chest — Just as I had "
stood on "Bloody Hill" years before,
when Ephraim had left me that first
time. I was again left friendless, and
idfealn I began to brood ever the pas,t.
yearning the more after my sweet
Katia, and longing after the books I
had read in her house, and (with shame
in my heart do I record this) a faint
hatred against the Talmud and against
Jewish life generally struck root in the
depths of my heart.
CHAPTER XVI.
- ' THE REAWAKENING.
The following summer was the begin
ning of a great epoch in the history of
tho yeshiva, and also in the lives of all
Russian Jews. There was a reawaken
ing—a ressuirection, so to , spaak — of
the low-sunken race.' The flood vt en
lightenment that streamed from
western lands swept even through the '
inclosures of the uncouth Ghettos.
That summer the broad-minded mon
arch, the emancipator of the peasants,
also showed his willingness to liberate
the Jews. His first step was to admit
them to schools from which they had
been barred. Hitherto the young peo
ple had been restrained within by the
demoniac clutches of fanaticism and
without by the tyrannical hand of the
Government. The' announcement of the
relaxation of the latter flashed through,
the dingy Jewries like a new light. The
young generation was dazzled with the
brilliancy 'of opportunities for en-.
¦ llgljtenment,']that had dawned upon
.them.: .There was confusion In the
synagogues and uprising in the yes
hivas.. Children .ran away from their
fanatical parcntfi^-and young Talmud
is^ ;from their wives.. Haskolo! Has
kolo!; (culturey..becaHie. the.: cry .of tho
yu-ung. '¦ -¦ ",- '- ••-
• Naturally .the- ;mashglach and his
"scouts", were now more active than
ever' and kept^closer. watch over the
students on the "suspected list"— a list
that Included the very brightest stu
dents of the Institution. It -became a
daily occurrence - to search students'
rooms, break open their trunks, burn
their "forbidden books,"/ and expel
them from town that they might not
corrupt others. But these acts of ty
ranny could not destroy the craving for
the new thought. Prohibited literature
continued to be read behind bolted
doors and in sequestered spots of the
woods which surrounded Javolln, and
in spite of the mashgiach's careful
scrutiny of the mall, "forbidden" books
and journals continued to be smuggled
in. It was even discovered that some
of the contributors to the black-listed
magazines were seminary students,
who concealed their identity under fic
titious names.
But in none of these acts of Insubor
dination did I take part, nor did the
least suspicion fall upon me. I never
touched a literary book or a periodical,
nor did I even breathe to any one that
1 could read Russian. The faculty
wished me to study the Talmud and
the Talmud only, and I obeyed *helr
rules religiously. I had had enc-ugh
trouble and now craved peace. I fol
lowed In the footsteps of my room
mate Shmunke, and little by nttle my
mind became as dull and Inactive as
his. My only thought apart from the
Talmud, and that only a fleeting one,
was a fragmentary recollection of
Katia and her father. Fanaticism had
grown stronger and stronger in me un
til it had induced me to believe that to
think of anything but tho Talmud —
even of Katia — was an unpardonable
sin, and I scrupulously avoided all sins.
But changes happen unexpectedly. It
was late— near the first blush, of morn
ing. I sat in the yeshiva, sw/aylng my
body over the Talmud and trying to
unravel seme knotty point. For there
are many knotty points in that crude
and marvelous Babylonian encyclope-jj
dia, U) which .hundreds of commenta- g
tors have copiously added knots In their
earnest endeavor to simplify difficul
ties. There are Tesopheth. Marshoa,.
Mahram, the rc-sh, and numerous oth*r
hair-spliting N expounders, each one of
whom Is tryjng to straighten the other,
only ' to become the more entangled
himself. There is no end of questions
and no end of answers, but the radi
caj question was never asked and never
answered. But let me not fall into- the
Tarfnudlc style, but proceed with my
story.
Only one other student still lingered
in the great classroom — Nehemlah Ro
sencranz, a dark, slight young man of
about 21 or 22, with a pair v of nervous,
thoughtful eyes and, tightly pressed
lips. The younger boys looked up to
him with a feeling which almost
amounted to reverence. The mashiach
and his scouts would hardly have !
dared to search his room, even if they I
had suspected him of wrong-doing. 8
Rabbi Brill often found himself per- R
plexed when Nehemiah would begin to B
question during a Talmudic lecture, a
Besides honor, he received a large sti- 8
pend, which enabled him to live as ¦
comfortably as the richest boys of the I
school. fc
I occasionally glanced across the!
room at Rosencranz. Several times IB
saw him peer around* suspiciously. My I
curiosity was aroused and I watched B
him furtively. I soon detected that he ¦
was reading a little volume lying be- fi
tween his large folio of Talmud with a B
guilty air . like one counting counter- 1
feits. I stole softly behind him, and S
glancing over his shoulder I saw that W
the characters of the book were Rus- B
sian. a
He was startled as he locked up, and 8
hastily covered the pages of the book jj
with both hands. |j
"Don't be afraid," I said. "I merely »
wished to know what you were read- B
ing." rf
His face grew pale. At first he could 1
FULL SCHOLASTIC DRESS AT BERKELEY
ON commencement day at Berke
ley the professors and instruct
ors of the University, of Califor
nia and its Affiliated Colleges ap
pear in full scholastic dress.. • To the
vast throngs who. usually attend these
exercises the gowns are picturesque,
but meaningless. Few realize that,
like the uniform or trappings of a na
val or military officer, the official gown
of a college professor means something.
The different styles of sleeves, the
hoods, the velvet bands, the colors
worn, ail-tiave-to the initiated a spe
cial significance.
Has the gown of your favorite pro
tesEor angel sleeves or bell sleeves?
la his hood faced with white, blue or
sf-arlfct velvet, and is it lined .ywith
crimson or maroon silk? These and
kmditd questions when answered
would tell where he was graduated and
•.>hat degree he holds.
There are three styles of gowns in
general use — the bachelor's, the mas
tor's and the doctor's. All of the
American gowns are made of black
\\ coiV-n or sillc material and, to the cas
ual observer, the chief difference in ap
pearance lies in snap? of the sleeve*..
The bachelor's gown, as worn by stu
d-nts about to take the bachelor's de
gijee, or by', professors holding only a
bachelor's, de&ree,, has long pointed
t=lfeY£.«, not unlike the angel sleeves of
f ur grandmothers. The master's gown
has a Ion-' sleeve, reaching 4 below the
knee. It 4s square at the end andhasa
flickif fhrred curve at the back just
above the square end. The front of the
sleeve is closed, the arm. coming
thjcuph s a sMt^near the elbow. .
The doctor's gown has full open bell
sleeves. This gown is faced down the
fronts with broad bands of velvet and
the s'.eevc? have three bars of velvet
arrncs them. .
The doctor's is the only, gown that
••an- be trimmed with velvet, and here
home variation is permitted. The vel
v«t-may be all black, or. black edged,
with th? coJor indicating thj, denart
mont, as srecn for medicine.' or the vel
vet m.iy b? wholly of tho department
< as a black doctor's gown faced
wf«h pcarlet velvet ar.d with' scarlet
w»y<tbars on the 'sleeves -for a doctor
of divinity, or purple velvet 'facings
and bands for a L.L.D. .Velvet wholly
rf th«» dev-rrtment color is considered
the best usage. . .. „ .
The caps are alike in shap*v flat mor
tarboards, and are made of black doth,
though nn*«-nc-w and then sees a .velvet
doctor's tap. • The gold, tassel can be
usfd only on a doctor's cap.
Gowns ar.d hoods are worn in Brit
ish universities and our American
gowns are modeled after those worn in
England. The -hoods worn at Oxford
and Cambridge are picturesque, but the
arrangement of colors is arbitrary arid
it lemained for the American universi
ties to adopt a code which would ren
der departments and college colors in
telligible from Massachusetts to Cali
fornia.
There are three styles of hoods, as of
gowns: Bachelor's, master's and doc-
tor's. The hoods are black, with a silk
lining of the official color of the insti
tution granting the degree. All hoods
an* faced with velvet of a color that
indicates from what department the de
gree was received.
Th<* colors for the various uni
versity departments are: . Arts and
letters, white; philosophy, blue:
science, gold yellow; medicine, green;
pharmacy, olive; law, purple; theology,
scarlet; dentistry, lilac: veterinary
science, gray; fine arts, brown; music,
pink.
There is usually a real or fancied hls-
torical basis for the selection of these
colors. White .'ur.Js used on the Ox
ford and \Cambridge A. B. gowns:
blue for. the degrees, in philosophy is
the color of truth and wisdom: gold
yellow is emblematic of the r wealth
added to the world by scientific re
search: medicine follows the army
regulation df the green stripe on an
army surgeon's uniform; law uses the
royal purple of the King's Court and
theology the scarlet which for cen
turies Cardinals have worn as typical
of their love and zeal for. the faith;
the Oxford doctors of music wear pink
brocade. . v • .
When you have noted the facine of
the hood, look at its lining, for there
the glory of college colors displays
itself in full. If the college has one
color, as the blue of Yale or the ma
roon of Chicago, the hood is
lined throughout with silk of that
color. If more than one color, as blue
and gold for California or orange antl
black for Princeton, the hood Jinlngia^
of one color, with a chevron of the other*
color. If there are more than two col
ors the double or treble chevron is
used.
The college colors as worn by grad
uates of some of pur leading Amer
ican institutions are arranged in
hoods, as follows: University of Cali
fornia, gold, with blue chevron; Michi
gan, maize, with blue chevron: Johns
Hopkins, black, with gold chevron;
Princeton, orange, with black chevron;
Yale, blue; Harvard, crimson; Brown,
brown; Cornell, carnellan, with two
white chevrons; Chicago, maroon;
Columbia, light blue, with white
chevron; University of Pennsylvania,
red, with blue chevrons; Stanford,
cardinal.
German universities do not use
hoods, neither do they, in our under
standing of the term, have colors.
Their colors are those of the German
state in which the university is located.
At a conference of professors, who
were graduates of German universities,
held in Chicago In 1895. it was decided,
that they would adopt the American
system of caps and gowns and hoods,
lining the hood with the appropriate
university color overlaid with a tri
chevron of, the German national colors,
black, white and red.
The leading German universities
.are represented on American faculties
by their graduates wearing hood.*
lined for: University of Berlin, pur
ple with trichevron of black, white
and red; University, of Hallo, white
with trichevron of black, white and
red; University .of Heidelberg, red
with trichevron of black, white and
red; University of Jena, green above
gold with trichevron of black, white
and red; University of Gottigen. yel
low with trichevron of black, white
and red.
Professors holding degrees* from
English universities sometimes wear
an English hood, the red hood of the
'loctor being most commonly seen.
The wearing of a full scholastic
dress is rather a new thing in the Uni
versity of California. President Wheel-"
er having introduced the American
system used by all of our leading uni
versities. One lias only to compare
the commencement processions of re
cent years with the motley display of
Prince Alberts, cutaways and sack
coats of former presidencies to realize
how much more dignified the cap,
gown and hood Is. An old lady was
heard to remark at last commence
ment: "How much finer looking these
professors are than those they had a
few years ago."
She did not realize that many of the
men who passed her had been on the
faculty ten years.
3I BECOME A TEACHER.
CHAPTER XX.
Thus my whole past flashed through
my mind, and the present stood before
me in all Its grimness. My heart be
came oppressed with bitterness. I
wished I could cry aloud, so that the
big synagogue, the marketplace, the
town and the surrounding fields and
So. to the synagogue I went to spend
the night. Now while I write I see
myself sitting In a corner between two
tall bookcases crammed with -ancient
volumes, and near the Dutch oven that
reached to the high celling. My eyes
are so blurred with tears that every
thing about me is watery and dark. I
stare stupidly In front of me without
thinking of anything in particular.
Fragments of the past come and gq
like small tatters of clouds in a stormy
sky; they shift and float and drive
one another, but I see nothing * clear,
nothing definite. One moment I think
of the present, and my heart swells
with deadly hatred against the Jews
and their religion and their rabbis.
Another moment my anger against my
own people is allayed.. I. recall Judge
Blalnick; I think of the. peasant's con
fession; I vaguely reflect upon the in
cidents of my father's death. And
again my sore heart smarts and burns
with hatred— not. against the Jews, but
against the world that enslaved and
degraded them. And again the Jew —
the old generation — the, young genera
tion — prejudice; and. again my brain
burns with fever at the cruelty of
their fanaticism. Ah, Katia! Katia!
like a flash of lightning that splits the
clouds asi^nder, her face,, her voice,
the vivid recqllectlons or her charm
ing ways recurred to my mind. Ah,
Katia! Katia! the lapse intervening
between her and the present vanishes,
and my heart is yearning, craving,
burning with anguish and desire to
Bee her/ to talk to her, to ask her for
help.
Toward morning one desire -took
definite shape amid the chaos of my
mind— a desire to emancipate myself
from the Jewish bondage, to; become
free— free, and cast off tne yoke that
crushed my father, my grandfather,
and his father before -.him— to wefrk
and work and work and become— not
a great rabbi, who sinks In the mire of
superstition^ and fanaticism— but • a
great man such as Katia wished to see
me, like Pushkin or Gogol or Lermon
toff. .; . • ¦ , ¦¦
When driven out of my Garden of
Eden I repaired to the synagogue. In
Lithuania the synagogue is a lyceum
where the most erudite of the Jewish
community, come together of an even
ing to vie in advancing hair-splitting
arguments and technical rljjmarole of
the Talmud; a board of trade where
business men discuss market prices and
competition; a club where friends meet
to chat over a cigarette or a pipe; a
center of gossip where everybody talks
of everybody else; a place of refuge
for the poor against whom every other
place Is closed; and s6metlmes an
arena where knotty fingers and matted
beards come in clone contact, and hats,
like comets, fly in the air. :
I WANDER A.GAIN,
CHAPTER XIX.
The following day my duties began.
It was true the time spent with little
Jacob was a trifle monotonous and
irksome, but the hours spent in in
structing Malke were not at all tedious.
From the flrBt I found pleasure in her
lesson period, and this pleasure grew
keener and keener. She was of a nat
urally happy disposition, mirthful and
witty, but at times melancholy fits
would come upon her, and she would
mope about the house with a sad, far
away look in her eyes. I could not un
derstand these r.-idely varying moods,
but I had a faint feeling that she was
being preyed upon by some secret
grief.
My time, aside from that devoted to
my pupils, was also well spent. The
climate was fresh and wholesome, the
environing scenery picturesque, a large
forest at a stone's throw, and my many
hours of leisure afforded me ample
opportunity for. meditation and day
dreams In which I took infinite delight.
For appearance's sake I kept a volume
of Talmud In my room, though I never
opened it, and in its stead I made good
use of a number of literary works
which I found In Malke's library, as
well as of the Bible, which, in spite of
my skepticism, was my favorite bool:.
And at night, alone in my quiet cham
ber, I would He awake and think f
the past— always' of the incidents of
the past; the, future stood hazily be
fore me . like a prophecy, on which I
never cared to d'well too long. In such
moments my thoughts would travel
back to Katia. and with one arm
thrown loosely over my eyes and my
face turned celllngward I would muse
for hours. The remembrance of her
father, like a tatter of cloud, would
soon begin to eclipse the happy light
of my mind, but each time I would
relegate this thought by sheer force of
wlll L and continue my delightful rumin
ation undisturbed. At last" my heaven
ly dream would end in a crushing
sense of hopelessness. I would become
conscious, as we so often do in dreams,
that I was' merely "dreaming a dream
that would never come true. And
slowly this charming vision would
move. back, back, and then sink lower
and lower, like a setting sun, and a new
phantasm would take Its place.
Vaguely. I would begin to think of my
pupil;, indefinitely her expressive look
would stand before me; faintly her
voice, full of pathos, would ring in my
ears; and little by little I would be
come possessed with a feeling, a desire,
as uncertain as the image in my mind's
eye.' I would thus continue to muse
until all else would leave my brain ex
cept the thought of Malke. The last
thought would lend speed to the beat
ing of my heart and would stir my pas
sions. "She seems to find no interest
in me" would flash through my mind.
And insignificant little incidents which
had passed between Malke and me
would Immediately spring to memory
defining more clearly the thought that
had just crossed my mind. This
thoueht would fill me with burning
jealousy, . and jealousy would arouse
my feelings. The more I thought of
I FIND MY DUTIES VERY AGREE
ABLE.
CHAPTER XXI.
(Continued Next Sunday.)
Neither my stay with Judge Blal
nick nor the fiery arguments of
Ephralm had shaken my belief in the
least. The exulting talk of Rosen
cranz would likewise have had no per
manent effect upon me bad he not im
mediately begun to take advantage of
the impression he had made. The fol
lowing day he gave me Spinoza's
Ethics. That « book shattered my
peaceful belief in a theological God.
The next book — which he borrowed for
me and brought to my lodgings hidden
under his coat— was "The Blunderer In
Faith is like a heap of dry sand; un
molested it may He for ages, but as
soon as one grain of it Is disturbed
by the slightest wind, it crumbles away
until there Is no trace of It left.
I BEGIN TO DOUBT.
He thus poured forth his feelings,.
tears glistening in his eyes. He laid
bare before me the conditions of our
faith, the absurd system of the yes
hiva, how much energy was wasted on
useless studies while there were so
many better, more useful, nobler things
for which to spend one's life. He told
me of a secret society to which he be
longed, whose object was the promul
gation of liberal idea*, and he urged'
me to Join it and come into the light.
All this stirred the slumbering feelings
of my soul, revived the dying recollec
tions of Russian literature — of Katia.
and made me think and doubt.
The door of the yc-shiva opened soft
ly, and Rabbi Brill, clad in a long,
light robe, with tephilim (phylacteries)
on his head, stepped in like an appari
tion. He held his Mishna pocket edi
tion in one hand, with his Index finger
between the leaves, and with the other.
he was fondling the straps that hung
down from the tephilim. He stopped
in front of Nchcmlah and* me, and
smiling benignly said In his fatherly,
care-taking, hoarse voice, "The yes
hiva Is imposing a too heavy burden
on you children — always Nehemlah and
Israel," and he tapped us on the
shoulders in a most paternal manner.
And raising his eyes to the long clock
that hung on the wall at the entrance,
he edded: "So late, and only two of
you?"
CHAPTER XVII.
He spoke fervently; his eyes glowed
with inspiration. I drank in every
word that fell from his mouth, as if it
came from the lips of a prophet.
"Many youths." he continued zeal
ously. " who are endowed with- He
brew genius and who should be the
torch-bearers of true civilization and
enlightenment are rotting away in the
swamps of the synagogue. Ah, how
many brilliant gems- myriadE of them
— sink in the bottomless Talmudic
mire! Russia — Lithuania in particular —
Is an inestimable gold mine, but there
are no speculators found to work it.
Oh, the Talmud! the Talmud!" he cried
out with real pain and agony, his lips
trembling with agitation, "that golden
chain that throttles the Jewish youths
of Russia! Does not the Talmud itself
say. In commenting on the verse 'He
hath set me in dark places' (Lamen
tations), that means the Babylonian
Talmud? But our people are beginning
to open their eyes now that the Czar
has opened the schools to us. Ah! one
decade of toleration and liberty, and
our people 'will flourish as in the days
of old. It takes other nations a cen
tury to make a progressive step, but it
takes the Jews only a generation, a
quarter of a century, if liberty be given
them, to overtake them all. Awake,
Israel! The hour is striking now. If
you oversleep this chance, God knows
when the hour will strike for you
again."
He concealed Pushkin in his trousers
pocket and paused meditatively a few
minutes, as if he were hesitating
whether or not to speak. The dawn
phone through the long, arched win
dows of the seminary,, and Rosen
cranz's face grew paler and more
greenish from the cold morning light.
Then he clasped me by the hand and
ppoke impulsively: "You are blind —
you are blind. Do not remain in dark
ness and nebulous superstition. Flee
from the narrow compass of the syna
gogue. , There is a . larger, greater,
grander sphere than that circumscribed
by the boundaries of the orthodox
faith. The world is not as gloomy and
sordid as you have experienced it in
the inclocure of our 6elf-made Ghetto.
Waste no more of your profitable youth
and vigor of boyhood on the almost
obsolete genius of ancient generations.
Not everything that is old is necessar
ily sacred, and nothing is sacred be
cause it is old. Idolatry is the oldest
worship, for that matter. It Is the fee
bler element in man that reveres age;
the more vigorous vitality sympathizes
with old age, but never venerates % it."
He stared at me dubiously. Cut
there really was but one course open to
him— to take me into his confidence. He
looked about fearfully, as if he did not
he said in a low voice: "This is Push
kin." And looking up to me he contin
ued: 'Oh, perhaps you don't know who
Pushkin is. He is the greatest Rus
sian poet, and his verges are so beauti
fully wild that they almost tenr my
heart when I rcad N them."
I looked Incredulous. 1 wished not to
disclose to him the fact that I had read
Pushkin. Pretending perfect ignor
ance and innocence, I returned: "I
would not read such poems."
"Ah! it is because you do not under
stand them," he rejoined warmly, and
his black eyes sparkled. 'If you did
you would forget eating and drinking
and sleeping and do nothing but read
his verses. It makes your heart throb
and the blood in your veins run
warmer, swifter. It Is not like the
Talmud— it is more inspiring, more
elevating."
I stared amazed. This from Rosen
cranz's lips!
I still feigned innocence: "But they
are gentile books! How can you com
pare them to the Talmud?"
not _answer; then he stammered: "It Is
no — nothing."
"I won't denounce you," I reassured
him. "You may show me the little
book."
He rose from his seat, and laying
his hand gently on my shoulder he con
tinued: "Ah, the young generation!
Our young men do not realize the pre
clousness of the Talmud. It is now,
as it has been In centuries past, our
stronghold and a pillar of light that
has guided us through all darkness.
But for it what would become of our
Jewish brains, dulled by. gentile cru
elty and persecution? And what would
our morals be but for Its mighty In
fluence? What became of the Kar
raites after they ! abandoned the Tal
mud? Talmud is like salt, which must
be preserved, if not for its own sake,
for the preservation of the Jew. Its
beautiful legends, its Instructive pre
cepts, its ethical fables, its brilliant
sayings, and the vigorous genius that
permeates every line of it— ahl the
Talmud, and the Talmud only,- has
made the Jew indestructible, everlast
ing!" . ' . .
The rabbi's voice had become mourn
ful, and tears were trickling down his
face. "The gaudy, appearance of . Eu T
ropean civilization is dazzling the eyes
of the young. The same was true
when Greece was In its glory; then the
Jews wished to shine as Hellenes, not
as Jews. The same happened a short
while ago in Germany; the same is
going on now in our own land. Ah!" —
he sighed deeply, .and a stream of
tears gushed forth over his already
wet cheeks— "it is either to remain a
Jew In the old sense or give up Juda
ism entirely. The Inherent faculty of
criticism In byr. race In a scientific age
will not tolerate Judaism or any other
religion. The gentile can be cultured
and still remain true to his faith, but
the Jew Is too critical for.^that. It is
either belief and dogma or science and
infidelism. What has become of most
of the followers of Mendelssohn, who
planned so wisely and sincerely? The
great rabbi and philosopher would re
torn to his grave had he risen to be
hold the result of his arduous labor.
Only Moses . Mendelssohn could be
learned in philosophy and be a Jew.
Woe! Woe!" and the rabbi's tears
1 My hatred of orthodoxy suddenly
flamed un. I was on the point of an
swering the Mashgiach by bursting in
to a fierce denunciation of Judaism,
but Rabbi Brill ordered them all out
of the room by a wave of his hand. I
was following, knowing well my sen
tence, when the rabbi's voice, hoarse
as if choked with tears, checked me.
"Listen, my child. I accepted you
in this institution when no other
place* was open to you. I allowed you
a stipend almost beyond my. power. I
did this all for you with the under
standing, that von should study the
Talmud. But you have devoted your
time to other things— to Haskolo; you
are worshiping strange gods. Modern
culture is like poison — a cure to one.
death to another. To Judaism it is
death." ".
I still made no reply. There was
such a whirl of emotions within me
that I could not have spoken had I
wanted to. Rabbi Brill held his sad,
piercing eyes fixed on me and sighed
softly.
"So you confess, Teploffker," hissed
the Mashgiach again, "that these 'Ep
icurean books' are your property and
that you have read them?"
"Are these books yours?" he de
manded, pointing at the bundle under
the scout's arm.
I made no answer,
As Shmunke . spent about eighteen
hours daily in the yeshiva. I pursued
my new studies in our room without
fear of detection, fc'hmunke's fanati
cism reached the point where religion
and barbarism meet. He would
look into a mirror because he regarded
such an act effeminate, and he would
not pass between two women on the
ground of immorality. He not only
bore the yoke of orthodoxy, but he
even hated with the zealous hatred of
a savage any one who did not bear It.
However, I little suspected that he was
spying upon me.
One cold, rainy spring morning, sev
eral months after I began my new
studies, I was brooding over a big folio
of Talmud, though my thoughts were
for from the subject before me, when
the mashgiach's assistant came up to
me and whispered in nay ear that I
should forthwith appear before Rabbi
Brill. I followed him out of the yes
hiva into the rabbi's study, my brain
filled with wild fears of evil. Rabbi
Brill sat in his large armchair, his face
clouded with sadness. His young wife
stood haughtily in the doorway be
tween the library and the adjoining
room. Behind the rabbi's chair stood
the mashgiach and his scouts. The
looks of all of them pinned me as I
stepped over the threshold; the bigotry
of a Torquemada was stamped on each
face except that of the rosh-h'shlva.
One of the scouts held a bundle of
books under his arm. At the sight of
these a chill went through me. I knew
my fate.
"You are Israel Teploffker, and you
have your lodgings with Menke the
tailor, hey?" inquired the mashgiach
In his hissing, whistle-like voice. .,;
I AM BETRAYED.
I told Nehemiah of my thoughts, and
he smiled, saying: "Weil, you are al
ready saved* The knowledge of one's
ignorance is wisdom." . '^
CHAPTER XVIII.
the Paths of Life." My heart throbbed
violently as I glanced at its title. This
novel, which had Just appeared, was
the dread of the rabbis and fanatics
and was' condemned by 'the Jewish
clergy. The vital genius of its author
rhool; the very foundation of Judaism.
It. was a book filled with graphic de
scriptions of our Eordld Jewish life and
caustic criticism of our absurd reli
gious customs. I al?o found myself a
blunderer In the paths of life.
I raced feverishly through volumes
of philosophy, history and literature.
As I plunged deeper and deeper Into
modern studies (as I called everything
that* was not Talmudic) a scorn for
theology and for Jewish learning in
particular arose In my heart. Finally
I accepted two philosophic truths: "By
good. I understand that. which wo know
is positively useful to us. By evil. I
understand that which we positively
know hinders us from possessing any
thing that is good." And I asked my-,
self: "Am I pursuing good by the study
of the Talmud? Do I not positively
know that this hinders me from pos
sessing everything that is good?" I
shuddered as I answered myself.
"Indeed! indeed!" the good-natured
Reb Dovidle Interrupted him. "I al
ways like to have mezum'en (three men
to, the benediction) at my table. Why,
certainly, let him come."
Samson introduced me to Reb Do
vidle, who extended me a cordia)' in
vitation to remain with him over the
Sabbath.
As Reb Dovidle, his young son. whom
he led by the hand, and I approached
his house, two little children came
running to meet their father, with Joy
ous shouting: "Gut ShaDbos, papa-
Gut Shabbos." s He bent down, kissed
them, and the children clung to the
skirts of his frock coat. Opening the
dt-or, Reb Dovidle greeted in a low ca
dence of voice: ' "Gut Shabbos, Gittele
—Gut Shabbos."
His wife. Gittele, beamed with Joy
and her diamond ear-rings twinkled as
they bobbed In the light of the candle
on the table. Everybody looked happy
— Sabbath eve spoke from every face.
Reb Dovidle kissed his 'dark-haired
daughter, leaned his hands on the lit
tle children's head and murmured a
blessing. Then walking leisurely up
and down the room and clapping his
hands gleefully, he hummed: "Who
can find a virtuous woman? For her
price is above rubles. The heart of her
husband doth safely trust in her, so
that he shall have no need of spoil.
She layeth her hands to the spindle,
and her hands hold the distaff. She
stretcheth out her hand to the poor,
yea, she reacheth forth her hand to
the needy," etc.
Thus hummed the happy Reb Do
vidle in Hebrew, and his soft voice
quavered In quaint undulations while
he beamed upon his wife and children
"like olive plants round about the ta
ble." Gittele read in a low voice:
"Peace be to you, angels of service,
angels eternal of the King of Kings,
the Holy One, blessed be He."
During the meal Reb Dovidle asked
me how long I had stayed at Javolin
and. where I was going, to which I re
plied (with shame do I record it) not
the truth, but rather what I thought
best for me. Then he asked me if I
knew of- a young man who would like
to teach Hebrew In a small village
about fifteen miles away. Without
waiting for my answer he ndderi:
"The work would not be hard. My
brother-in-law has only a little boy of
about seven and a daughter of about
seventeen. The Instructor would have
to i be with them only a few hours a
day."
I was silent a moment. It occurred
to me that here was a good opportun
ity: to make a little money to tide me
through my first uncertain" weeks in
Vllno, Bo I told him l was willing to
accept a position myself lor the sum
mer.
And early Sunday morning I started
for Dubrovka. armed with i a letter of
introduction to Mr. Nosen Taklff.
I was ashamed to beg. but what will
not a person do when he is tired and
hungry, without a farthing In his
pocket? After service the dwarfish
¦ghammeg invited me to follow him to
the entrance hall. I took my stand
beside him at» the door and patiently
waited.
"Gut Shabbos— Gut Shabbos." the
worshipers saluted each other, every
face wearing a look of contentment;
"Gut Shabbos." the children greeted
their fathers; "Gut Shabbos," the -poor
submissively 'greeted the rich; "Gut
Shabbos." the humble beggars greeted
everybody; "Gut Shabbos— Gut Shab
bos." kept on buzzing in the synagogue
as the largt crowd passed through the
narrow hallway.
Presently the shammes, who had
b^en scanning the passers by, stopped
one of the worshipers — a venerable
looking man with a fine, broad, Jet
black beard and happy, smiling eyes,
who was followed by ;tjvo men, one on
crutches and the other with an empty,
dangling sleeve. "Gut Shabbos, Reb
Dovidle — Gut Shabbos," the shammes
greeted him.
"Gut Shabbos, Reb Samson," re
turned Reb Dovidle.
"Reb Dovidle," proceeded the sham
mes respectfully, and scratching the
back of his head, "a — Reb Dovidle — a —
a young 'man — a — a — a student from
Javolin — a "-
I went to the synagogue and Inquired
for the shammf-s (sexton). I found
him standing on a high chair, with
several assistants around him, lighting
the t'Hiidles of the traditional menofah
(candlestick}; He was a dwarfish man
with wot p?iis and a shiny forehead.
In response to my question as to
whether he c»uld procure me a place in
vhich to srtay over the Sabbath, he
shrugged his shoulders and grumbled :
"Too late now — too late." However,
after I' had /incidentally Informed him
that. I came from Javolin Yeehlva a
cert J> in deference came into his manner
and he said; "Stay here till after
service."
At the c!ose.of the day I arrived at
a small town wholly inhabited by Jews.
As I came into the principal thorough
faro, the beadle, with His head thrown
back and his hands over his ears,
rushed through the streets proclaiming
in stentorian voice. "In Shoo! Herein!"
which was the signal for merchants to
clc?e their places of business and go to
the synagogue. I was reminded that it
was Friday. As I was hungry and
fatigued from my long trip, I decided,
if J rould get h place to stay, to remain
here over the Sabbath.
forests and brooks and ponds would
echo-again and again the great an
guish of my soul. .
At daybreak I took my little bundle
under my arm and left the synagogue.
I had decided to go to' Vllno. Vilno
was the Lithuanian Jerusalem, where
the Jews were already awakening
from their fanatical slumber. There,
perhaps, IrulKht fine! means to con
tinue my "modern studies" in the gym
nasium. I had no money to hire a
coach, so I made up my mind, to walk.
The distance was only a' hundred
versts, and I could get there on foot
in four days. . , ~,
I did not answer a word. I gathered*
my few belongings from the floor and
rolled them into, a bundle. "Indeed,
this very minute." added Shmunke's
mother, who had followed him into our
room. "I cannot keep you in my
house a half second." Oh! oh! the
chorem (ban)! Only four years ago
the two daughters of . 'Avrennl der
Schwarze' died in one night because
Rabbi Brill put the ban on them, and
the Mashgiach told me I must drive
you out of the house without a sec
ond's delay or the ban will follow."
Groone wrung her hands as she • de
livered this monologue.
."Oh! ohj the chorem!'* Menke also,
ventured the remark, but a glance
from Groone seemed . to put him oft
again, and he went on stitching the
stiff lining on his lap. , .
Like Adam and. Eve* ."som.e natural
tears I dropped but wiped them so^n,"
and. "with wandering -steps, and bIAw"
I took my solitary way from the PaYa
dlse, wktched by the piercing glances
c-f the/cherublm. j Menke. and Groqne,
•and in dread of , th£f flaming sword,
Shmunke, "which "*¦ turned ' every way
to keep the way. of the tree of life."
I hurried to my Iqdgings. Entering
the'houee, I found my landlord, Menke,
st his working-table, with a disen
gaged needle in his hand, his spectacles
lowered almost to the very end of hia
nose, one leg thrown over the other
in reflective forgetfulness. His wife,
at his s!de, had the little finger of her
left hand between her lips, her right
hand supporting the elbow of the left.
and when I came In she moved slightly
forward and heaved a deep sigh.
My appearance evidently discon
certed them. After Menke swallowed
a lump and feigned a faint eoush, he
began to say something, but a glance
c-f his helpmeet silenced him, and with
out addressing any one .in particular
she said: **C5l ! oi! what have we come
to in theao days!" and her "Ol!" seemed
to find an echo in her husband's heart.
"Oi!" he also intoned, and then re
mained sitting and looking abstractly
with the disengaged needle in his ht»nd.
"He!" she proceeded dismally, sway
her heavily bewlgged head. "Who ever
heard of sudh satires (fatal daeie^s)
In former years? Who ever heard of
'Epicurean books'? Nu! hu! what an
age to live in! Would that my eyes
had not seen it! We tooli him (this to
her husband) into our home to be an
associate to Shmunke, who is tt bless
ing to- the town; and now at last «ven
Israel Teploffker falls Into Satan's
snares. Nu! what an age we live in!"
Menke was again about to say
something, but was silenced by an
other look from his spouse.
I came into my room. My trunk, or
rather the wooden box that served as
a trunk, was broken ope::, and all my
books and papers were gone. As I
etood gazing at my few pieces of un
derwear that had been thrown out of
the box and now lay scattered about
the room, Shmunke appeared.
"Epicurean, renegade, apostate, sln-^
ner in Israel." he accosted me in hia*
nasal voice, "you have polluted our
house with your unclean books..- The
Talmud in Sanhedrin -says: 'He who
reads sacrilegfous books will not enter
the kingdom of heaven.' I watched
you for a long while," he continued
zealously, swinging his long arms like
the revolving wings of a windmill, un
til, thar.k God! I could .Inform the.
authorities in the proper t time. Anti
you get out of this house this very,
minute." -
I listened to all this with a droop
ing head. When he had finished he
delivered the sentence I expected — I
must leave the Yeshiva at once. •
streamed down faster and faster.
"Even his own offspring, his sons and
daughters, turned their backs on the
faith of their noble father. The in
vention killed the inventor."
As his daughter set the meal before
me I placed my hands over my eyes, as
if from fatigue, and scrutinized her
through my fingers. Her face was de
cidedly handsome. Her nose, like her
father's, was of Russian type, and her
eyes were black and almond-shaped;
her lips were red and -slightly curled,
and her complexion was a warm, rosy
brown: and when she put the knife
and fork on the table I noticed that
her fingers were white and long.
Mr. Takiff looked up from his letter
long enough to glance at the table.
"Malke," he said to his daughter, "you
have* forgotten the salt. You are
dreamy of late, my child."
A faint blush passed over her face.
She smiled and murmured some ex
cuse, which afforded me a chance to
see her white teeth ard the little dim
ples in her cheeks. While I ate the
savory meal that the girl had placed
before me, the innkeeper smoked si
lently at his long pipe and observed
me thoughtfully.
"My brother-in-law writes me," he
began, after I had drawn away from
the table, "that you will be willing to
stay here and teach my daughter and
son Hebrew and the Prophets."
I corroborated Reb Dovldle's state
ment, and said that I would do my
best with his children if he saw fit to
employ me.
With that we went forthwith to busi
ness, and after we had agreed as to
the terms I was formally engaged as
instructor to the innkeeper's two chil
dren. ¦ '¦¦¦f, : -- --?;'/
He shook me by the hand ; warmly,
and settling himself in a chair oppo
site me began to read the letter I had
handed him ¦»
"A kraskucha! a kraskucha!" the
crowd approved vociferously; and in
appreciation of the girl who proposed
the dance a peasant embraced her nr:d
kissed her on the mouth. Then came
the scraping of the violin, stamping of
feet. Jostling:, pushing, hugging, slap
ping, shouting,, whistling, laughing,
and the uproarious dance was on
again.
A few ' minutes of this sufficed for
me. I asked of the man who was
serving drinks for the master of the
house, Jjr.d was led across a narrow
passage- which separated the inn from
Mr. Taklffs living quarters into a
comfortably furnished sitting-room.
An elderly woman with a frank, genial
face greeted me.
"My husband will soon be at leisure,
and will be only too glad to see you."
she said after I had told her I had a
letter of introduction to him. "Per
haps you are hungry?" she immedi
ately added. And turning around, she
spoke to a dark-haired girl who sat
reading at the other end of the room.
"Malke, dear, show this young man
into the dining-room."
Very much pleased with this cordial
welcome I followed the young girl.
Soon the innkeeper appeared, slowly
puffing at a long-stemmed pipe.
Though at first sight he seemed to me
an old man, on account his round,
Kiay beard, he was no more than
forty-five. He was tall and strongly
built, and had a full. white face with a
small, thin nose (the Jews nose is not
as long as it is pictured) with brown
eyes that sparkled with • youth. He
wore a velvet skull cap and a long
black frock.
dance)!" cried a robust muzhik beauty,
with a red and blue dotted kerchief
covering her sandy hair and with a
strand of green beads around her full
neck.
She was always frank and natural
with me: she treated me much as she
might have treated a brother of her
own age. She would pull my hair and
stroke rfty chin playfully, and she
f,ound great delight in teasing me. I
resented both her sisterly attitude and
the Jests at my expense. Frequently
her v.itty remarks made me writhe,
and I would decide that if she again
s-'poke In that way I would pay her
back In the same coin. But I never
did. In her, presence I was as submis
sive as a faithful dog.
But there were some happy moments
— when she would gaze dreamily at
me with those strange eyes of hers,
her hair falling loosely over her white
forehead, her breast quickly heaving.
I would beguile myself for a few
throbbing moments with the hope that
these looks betokened lqve for me. and
I would forget all eise. My ambition
to become a distinguished man. my
hopes to make a name for myself as
Katia wished me to do— even thoughts
of Katia, who had aroused in me this
ambition— wculd quickly vanish, and
my only desire would be to stay in Du
brovka and give instructions to thla
country girl forever and ever.
Thf s e half Jealous, half arduous sen
timents finally got full posseassinn of
my heart and .brain. The lessons be-
Kan duly with the opening of a book,
but hardly ever proceeded further than
a few half-hearted questions and aim
less answers. Then wo would forget
the lesson and talk diajointedly or re
main silent, each engrc-ssed In secret
thoughts. Malke would sit looking out
of the window, her cheeks aglow with
a feeling for which I could see no
cause, and I — poor bundle of senti
ments — would interrupt this silence at
intervals only to t:.lk as none but lm
becllca and lovers can, -.while the slum
bering passions of a recluse stirred me
to a fury.
Malke's indifference to me, the more
I desired her friendship— her affections,
if possible. »
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
I had no difficulty in finding the
house of Mr. Taklff, for Reb Dovidle
had told me he was an Inn-keeper, and
that them .was but one inn in this
strangling village. The long corridor
which ran through the center of the
inn to the bar-room was crowded with
half-drunken peasants, who jostled me
as I picked my way through . them,
a,nd the bar-robm hasytwlth the smoke
of vile tobacco was also filled with
vodka-soaked 'muzhiks,; who laughed
and Jabbered and swore.
"Flay!" a drunken peasant roared at
a flaxen-haired lad who stood, in the
middle of the room tightening the keys
of a violin.
"Play. Vanka, play!'* several other
voices broke out impatiently at the
fiddler.
"Hey, Vanka, kraskucha (a peasant's
4
JOE ROSEXBEUG'S.
WALK UP
AND DOWN ;m
THESTf^Tjll '
Walk Up and Down the Street
Study Jt/yures
Vhe 77fo*t Perfect
you'ii find wear, . ,
Joe Rosenberg's
Jfrorm Smprovtny
m m f* OlO 7 V
l/l/f OC/CO m m m\
TJhe best gowned women of
to-day; tAo world's most
noted singsrs, actresses, pro-
fessional and society women
give them an unqualified in-
dorsement.
W. B. ERECT Front for slender
forms. Side and front hose
supporters attached, in ten dif-
ferent shapes. Price ?t.00
LA GRECQUE— Lattice Ribbon
Model — It will give the hygienic
support that makes muscular
exertion safe and comfortable
• for the college girl and medium
and slender figure, made in
black and white, with Dink, blue
or black ribbon. Price. .$1.»>O
NEMO SELE-REDUCING COR.
SET — For medium or stout fig-
ures. Has plaits on the front,
beginning below the waist line.
Can be adjusted to anv size of
the figure. Boned with alumi-
noid. Rust-proof and unbreak-
able, with auto garter fastener.
Price 92.75
LA VIDA— The Queen of all
French corsets. To those that
have had their corsets made to
order, inspect these (we know
what -the verdict will be>. Boned
with genuine whalebones: made
of the very best of imported ma-
terials; for slender, stout or me-
dium form; twenty different
models to choose. from. Price
f3.3O
CORSETS FITTED FREE.
Expert fitters in attendance
to tell you what corset is most
suited for your form.
JOE ROSENBERG I
The Homo of Good Corsets
816 Market St. II O'Farrell St.
MAX* OSSZBS SOLICITED.THE ALTERNATE SEX— Charles
Godfrey Leland; Funk & Wagnalls
Company, New York; price $1.
ELECTRO-DIAGNOSIS AND ELEC
TRO-THERAPEUTICS — Dr. Toby
Cohn; Funk £ Wagnalls Company,
New York: price $2.
THE UPPER WAY— William C.
Stiles: Eaton & Mains, New York;
price ji.
OLD SINS IN NEW CI/OTHES—
George Clarke Peck; Eaton & Mains,
New York; price JL
SIMON PETER, FISHERMAN— By
"Thomas"; Eaton & Mains. New York;
price Ta cents.
MT H'L' ANQELO— Anna Yearaan
Condlct; D. Appleton & Co., New York;
price Jl 25.
BEING DONE GOOD— Edward B.
Lent: Brooklyn Eagle Press, Brooklyn,
N. Y.
.TATTLINGS OF A RETIRED POLI
TICIAN—Forest Crlssey: Thompson &
Thomas. Chicago; illustrated by Mc-
Cutcheon.
old" or flaunts his One, aevu-maj-cara
wicke iness from the stanzas of "Don
Juan." The creator, or better, the re
flector of this George Gordon into fic
tion takes her subject on faith, enters
fully into his exalted frenzies of
diablerie and his abysmal depths of
woe with true self centered indulgence
that was the Byron's of real life. Some
times she is went to become a trifle
hysterical in the more climacteric pas
sages of the hero's progress through
this vale of- tears, but then, we must
reflect that that .oo is only keeping
close to the' subject of this fictional
portrait sketch.
• Miss Rives' has'adhered very closely
to the blcjrraphers in her story, depart
ing only when an Incident in the life
of her hero presents dramatic possi
bilities or when the unity of her plot
demands a foreshortening of the real
record. With young Gordon in Greece,
still smarting from the attacks of the
"Scotch Reviewers" and writing the,
winged lines of "The Isles of Greece,"
Miss. Rives opens her story.' Then
London and the triumph that came
with the publication of the first part
New Books Received
MISS SMITH
of Singular Habits
from favor at the German court anfl
per consequence from the dominant
position In European and world's af
fairs, according to the Countess* ob
servations from Inside, may have been
due to the Emperor's mother. True,
the Iron Chancellor was tottering to his
fall for other reasons, but when he
reached out his aging hand for a final
brace and expected to find it in the
English born Empress Frederick, she,
from a Victorian love of virtue," re
fused to be the imperial prop. Among
her motives was that Bismarck's son
was the intimate friend of her son, the
young Emperor, and the ladles of the
court considered as licentious in a way
they disliked this scion of the , great
diplomat, and so fearing the evil in
fluence of the association she was glad
to see father and son driven frQm
court. "Down goes the mantle and the
prince ho follows."
One of the amusing stories In- the
voluminous collection comes In when
telling of those strict enforcements
against lese majeste, which strike
Americans as so tryannlcally absurd.
We 1 are' told 'that there is a region
within the empire where with impun
ity the Emperor may be lampooned
despite of lese majeste. The why of
a ' VERY bright little story and
/\ one made to amuse strictly is
Mrs. Florence Morse Klngsley's
"The Singular Miss Smith." Singular
Indeed is Miss Anne Smith, the heiress
with the sociological bee in her turban,
and as long as she confines herself to
a close investigation of the relation of
women to-ihe evolution of the Cosmos
her singularity is altogether charming
by its odd contrariness; but when her
creator' makes the philanthropic Anne
fall desperately in love with a Harvard
professor, disguised for the nonce as
an iron molder and possessed of red
hair and weak eyes, the reader suffers
a distinct disappointment. Had Mrs.
Klngsley only allowed herself the boon
of disregarding, for once at least, the
popular demand for a "love element"
In anything between covers, she would
have produced a story more satisfac
tory to most readers.
Anne Smith, twenty-seven, plain of
feature, remarkably Independent as to
T yOW royalty looks to the gossipy
t~i and evidently unloving- soul of a
lady holding the position of Dame
du Palais may be got at by skimming
the pages of two volumes, very much
scandal spiced, which , have been done
by Henry W. Fischer from the papers
and diaries of Ursula Countess von Ep
pinghoven, who was the said Dame du
Palais to the German Empress during
the decade 1888 to 1898. To say "to
skim" is better than to say "to read,"
for the reason that there is too much
of it and because there are places
where, when the mind becomes by re
peated experience prognostic of what
the woman is going to tell next, it is
more puritanical to skip the page and
try the Dame du Palais on another
story which seems leaa condemnable
and perilous with risk.
The criticisms of the Countess are,
in a way, clever, and some of her sal
lies are almost made brilliant by the
bitterness of that ten years' bondage
in the house she hated of the "all
highest," majestic, but, to her, Im
mensely little Hohehzollerns. Some of
the more Innocent of her stories nre
laughably amusing, and while we must
half suspect the scandal as being part
- ly spite-inspired, yet as there may be
a large 'measure of general truth In
the revelations given . and the "proper
study of mankind being man," it may
aad to our stocl: of useful imowlou^e
to see how. very human even majesty
Is, and its hauteur but a mask to hide
! the same foibles which afflict the men
Qmd women of lesser light.
To the spirits of radical republican
ism and democracy, who condemn
all the assumptions of royalty and
imperialism as absurd and rapidly
sinking out* of date, this placing
in the pillory of William II, who
ic the most Imperatively dogmatic
presumer of the divine right of kings,
will be pleasing. To many more con
servative the show-up of his methods
of molding his people into submission
to militarism will make the war lord
almost seem silly; and granting that
William Is of much more real majesty
than this picture of him presents, yet
to patricians, real and pretended, every
where, even to the Kaiser himself, It
might be a half hour's amusing' to get
this glimpse of how one looks to one's
lackeys.
To be truly imperial one should have
either very true intuitions or else a
perspicacity extraordinary enough to
supply all the awarenesses which the
silence of intuition leaves lacking. Thus
only Can they know thoroughly the hu
man tools which they must use in mak
ing the .mighty moves on the chess
board of history such as are by destiny
given j unto the . initiation of imperial
hands. What shall we think of an Em
peror or' an Empress who for ten years
liar bored as close courtier In > their'
household one who was not much more
than a spy — critically, coldly, contemp
tuous, of their every word and act. If
it failed so far, here, we might almost
fear, that perchance some day perspi
cactty; would err irretrievably in the
selection of a chancellor, or intuition
deceive disastrously in the sending out,
or the welcome In, of some Embassador
bearing responsibilities of exquisite del-
UNGENTLE GOSSIP
Concerning the Kaiser
THE American Book Company has
recently put upon the market
some valuable texts for the use
of grammar and high school grades
in the study of literature, history and
mathematics. Old standard books,
revised and edited for present day use.
and newly written works by acknowl
edged authorities comprise this latest
addition to the educational literature
of the day.
Teachers of English who prepare stu
dents for the university have found
Henry Van Dyke's Gateway Series of
English texts material aids in the work
of first criticism of English style. The
last of this series to be published. Car
lyle's "Essay on Burns," George Eliot's
"Silas Marner" and Burke's "Concilia
tion With the Colonies," follow the
standard set by the others. The editing
of these volumes Is carefully and judi
ciously done, the books being treated
as pieces of literature rather than as
framewoiks for erudite theories of crit
icism. The actual needs and capacities
of the young people who are to read
and study them have been borne In
mind. The series should be welcomed
by all teachers of English literature,
for It incorporates the best that ac
knowledged experts can do to make the
texts easier to understand, more at
tractive and more profitable to the
young reader.
The classic "Self-Help" by the late
Dr. Samuel Smiles has been edited
by Ralph Lytton Bower in a form
adapted especially to American read
ers and brought out as part of the
eclectic series. In the present -edition
several passages of a distinctly local
and British Interest have been omit
ted. Many helpful explanatory notes
make the text Intelligible to even very
young students. An appendix contains
brief biographies of most of the im
portant persons mentioned. This Is a
book which should be used for sup
plementary reading in every school.
Dickens' "Christmas Stories" are
treated similarly by Jane Gordon.
"Stories From Life." by Orison Swett
Marden. editor of Success, and "Lives
and Stories Worth Remembering." by
Grace Kuffer. are original addition*
to the eclectic "series, designed for
pupils of lower grades.
SCHOOL TEXTS
For Use in All Grades.
George Gordon, Lord Byron, as a cen
tral figure. Truly she could desire for
a novel no more full-blown embodiment
of all that is romantic and bizarre in
the humdrum annals of life than this
enigmatic and erratic poet and poseur
of a past century. To add anything of
fantasy to the accepted biographies of
Lord Byron, even under the license of
llctlon, would be but to paint the lily.
Byron, the wailing Childe Harold of
the Alps, the impetuous Don Juan of
Albania, Is a figure startling enough
for any story teller's fancy.
The first impression one gains from
"The Castaway" Is that its author has
pictured Lord Byron as he thought
himself to be— for Byron's conception
of himself was ever a ready mirror be
fore his eyes. Throughout the story
the young poet with the alabaster
brow and the flaring shirt collar is
quite the child of divine inspiration
and tragic sorrows that mourns his
fate from Alpine crag in "Childe Har-
mental activities and uncomfortably
wealthy, is struck with a bril
liant inspiration while listening to a
learned dlscueslon of the Otonologlcal
Club upon the utt«r immobility of
•brute atoms" In the social order of
things; she determines upon' becoming
a brute atom In the incarnate form of a
servant girl, thereby learning at first
hand the "why and the whlchness" of
all this high Ilown theorizing. So she
arrays herself In a $9 3» ready made
suit, writes her own recommendations
and hies forth to Join the great army
of master mechanics of the kitchen.
Annie Smith, the "J12 raw" kind of
st-rvant, furnishes to Anne Smith, the
sociological observer, enough material
for a year's course of lectures before
the Otonological Club. From Infinite
drudgery in the kitchen of Mrs. de Puy
ster-Jones—called Jones almply on
wash days— the singular Anne drifts to
a delightful little dove cote of two new
ly wed, thence to the soapy-greasy
scullery of a fifth-rate boarding-house.
Her adventures in all of these places
are breezily refreshing in the telling.
But the Iron molder, WIHyum Brown,
spoils the latter half of the tale. Why
Anne Smith, who is twenty-seven and
practical to the limit of being "sin
gular," should stand in the rainy wet
and give over to strangely girlish
shivers of puppy-dog love passes com
prehension. When she reaches the high
ly dramatic determination to part with
all her wealth and follow only Willyum
the reader Is certain that Anne has
been reading Oulda with true servant
girl pertinacity. Miss Smith in love
ceases to be singular and with that
interesting; she is sadly commonplace.
(The Macmlllan Company, New
York; illustrated: price $1 25.)
Miss Elizabeth Robblns, whose por
trait Is presented on this page and
whose new novel. "The Magnetic
North," will be reviewed in these col
umns next Sunday, Is an actress of
note as well as a successful author.
For twenty years she has been on the
stage. She was the first to produce
Ibsen's "A Doll's House" in London
and since that time she has gained a
distinctive triumph in Ibsen roles.
"The Woman Wins." a collection of
the short stories . of Robert Barr that
have appeared in the- magazines from
time to time during the past six years,
brings together the author's scattered
tributes to the resourcefulness and the
lovableness of femininity, for in each
of the thirteen tales incorporated here
in a woman wins conclusively, without
reservation. Mr. Barrs short stories
come very near being models if it can
be said that in this difficult and little
essayed art there has been made suf
ficient advance by any one to 3et a
standard for Judgment. Above all
else his stories are notable for their
remarkable Invention; In none of them
is there a hackneyed theme or a shop
worn situation made over into- new
dress. Invention of the high order
that can unfold a unique situation and
utilize its every suggested feature
within the restricted compass of the
short story is Indicative of an ad
vanced art and is the sure prerequisite
of success in this difficult work. Of
the stories collected into the present
volume "On the Housetop." a singular
ly engaging tale of love in the face of
danger, serves best of any to illustrate
the distinctive merits of Barr's style.
(Frederick A. Stokers Company, New
York; price Jl 50.)
(George Barrle & Sons, Philadelphia;
illustrated; price, $6 per volume; price
to be advanced to 17 M after first edi
tion.)
"The Indians in Historic Times,"
as the title of this volume suggests,
begins with the etory of the red men
at the time of the Spaniard's first
coming to the West Indies. In geo
graphical scope it treats of the tribes
occupying North and Central America
and the Antilles. It is a (sufficient
guarantee of the unquestionable au
thoritative value of the volume to nnd
on the title page the names of Dr. Cyrus
Thomas and Professor W. J. McGce.
Thtre are particular features of Ir.terest
which render this work of unique
value — among others, the Inclusion
of the account of the Mexican and
Central American Indians and thtH of
the Indians of Canada. The study of
the Indians with reference to their
past, their easterns of government,
their tribal characteristics and their
arts and industries, has not until with
in a recent time received the attention
which the importance of the subject
demands. Tee presence of the red man
has been regarded rather In the light
of a verr irksome incumbrance than
as a motive for general historical in
terest. Yet. altogether apart from the
scientific Bide, the story of the Ameri
can aborigines has an Important bear-
Ing on almost every phase of American
history. If one would rightly appre
ciate and understand the course of
American history, one must know
something more than the mere rela
tions of the red men and the whites
'when in actual contact, either peaceful
or hostiles; their Influence on the his
tory of North America is by no means
confined to auch immediate relations.
The author in the present volume has
had this in view in dealing with the
jBubject. With the coming of the white
man began the struggle for mastery,
hence the narrative is necessarily a
relation of this struggle; but it is
much more than this— it is a history
of the Indians, their tribal organiza
tions, their habits and customs, their
Intertribal policies and enmities, their
relative stages of culture and their mi
gration, the effects of all which are
found in the America of to-day, and
all which have been considered in the
present volume in such proportions as
to afford a general exposition of critical
and precise value.
An ample narrative is given of the
conflicts of the pioneer Spaniards who
invaded the domain of the Indians in
Mexico, Florida and the South; of the
French and English in their respect
ive spheres of influence; of the end
less Intrigues between the Europeans
and the Indians in the course of the
long and bitter struggles for political
and commercial advantage on the part
of the rival European colonists and
settlers and of the red man's long
protracted contest with the settlers
and colonists. Indian diplomacy and
savagery in all their degrees of bar
barity are told in this volume, and the
various agreements ana concessions
that have gradually shorn the Indian
of his empire and placed him in a po
sition of guardianship. A valuable fea
ture !s that which treats of the Indian
ethnologicalljr, and of his influence on
civilization, as well as that which Bets
forth the policy of the United States
Government toward the Indigenous
population.
The author has furnished tables of
linguistic families, which, with the
maps prepared to be used with them,
will prove of great service to the read
er. In addition are a list of Indian
reservations and a chronological table,
both of which will be valuable to stu
dents and general readers alike.
T T ;HEN a writer of fiction can ap-
YY prcprlate a hero full-armed
with romance, as from the
brain of Zeus, there remains lit
tle for invention to accomplish
In the matter of supplying added
glitter to the character. In her book,
"The Castaway," Hallie Erminie Rives
has soucht to weave a romance with.
LORD BYRON
Lives Again in Novel
£s rw* HE Court of Sacharlssa," pur
£ ported by its authors. Hugh
Sheringham and Neaville Mea
kin, to be a compilation out cf the
records of the Irresponsible Club, ia
a pretty feeble effort at the humorous.
Of course the authors did not intend
thair books to be anything but laugh
provoking, but then they are English
men both and the humor which, they
have heavily pounded out In this birok
of theirs has not even the merit of Mr.
Punch's, and that is siving them a
broad leeway in the matter of com
parison. The old model if Boccaccio
seems to be the groundwork upon
which the joint authors have reared
the rococo work of stories. If
indeed the several individuals who in
turn relate their tales of extravagant
silliness- are members of the Irrespon
sible Club they should be taken under
surveillance by the commissioners of
the Insane, for their irresponsibility
may take a more serious turn than
that of merely cozening the publishers
into printing their vaporous imagin
ings. • i
(The Macmlllan Company, New
York; price ;i 50.)
MARGINAL NOTES
Upon Light Reading
With a summary of ail the efforts
bent toward the discovery of a north
west passage and of the consequent
discoveries in the Northwest by Van
couver and Cook, the authqr bring3 to
a close a work deserving of much com
mendation: Despite the scope of his
task. Dr. Brittain has written a history
which is, above all else, clear and suc
cinct—that is high praise for any his
tory.
kuightly De Soto on the Mississippi the
writer leaves the epoch of Spanish con
quest to review the tide of French ex
ploration which swept through the up
per half of the continent. The work
done by Verrazano in opening up the
whole north to French colonization is
outlined, both by extracts from the log
of the navigator and by the very cora :
prehensive summary of the author.
Follow, of course, the explorations of
Champlaln, of Joliet, Marquette and La
Salle. In the discussion of -the con
flicting claims of the French and Eng
lish exploration and subsequent coloni
zation the writer brings to bear on the
subject the Iicht of maritime conditions
then existing, and the effect of rivalry
in trade relations upon the efforts of
both nations.
icacy or import beyond a century's
remedy if they went awry.
It Is to b« noted that with all the
scandals. and insinuations of scandals
there is no breath against the Em
press, but nevertheless her unloving
courtier shows her dislike and gives us
mainly a picture of jealousy and haut
eur; and the laugh provoking account
of the Empress' mother's mental ab
errations is a cruel kind or cleverness.
The whole two volumes' of matter is
mainly gossip of the feminine kind
—about baby births, boudoir incidents,
princes pinched to punlnets by moth
er's tight lacing and such; toilet seta,
sheets flirtations, scandals, ebullition
of petty temp3r, anonymous notes,
jealousies, photograph adc-rations ar.d
consequent woman worries, the White
Lady, little' insolence's nnd revenges,
spyings, -and, mixed witn much inno
cent mirth, an all too pervading spirit
of spit-spat, back-up uncharitablcness.
Some culllngs from this mass of go-s
slp show the possibilities of petticoat
power to Influence great events. For
instance, the fall of the great Bismarck
TO trace the history of the peoples
of the American continent, and
every r»art thereof from Darien
to the farthermost settlements
within the circle of the Arctic night,
viy from the shadowy period of neolithic
»man to the tremendous activities of the
prtsent moment— this is. Indeed, a task
uf monumentai proportions and of
striking firnifirance in the world of
letters and of historical science alike.
This "The History of North America,"
projected and edited by Professor Guy
Carlcton L*-e of Johns Hopkins and
Columbian universities, aims to do. In
twenty octavo volumes, contributed by
a Ftaff of a* many well-known writers
Upun subject* of American history, and
arranged upon a plan commensurate
vith the wide scope of the subject, this
unique and comprehensive contribution
t<> the historical literature of America
will be concluded. Heretofore it has
been held rather as a matter of re
pr<^e<h acain« the patriotism ar.d the
historical endeavor of our people that
there has ln-».n written no comprehen
sive inu connected review of the po
litical life of the North American con
tinent. No exeeiniun can be made to
the close and intensive 6tudies of spe
cial periods in American history that
have come from the j»ens of Prescott
ar.d Pa.rk.man. Fiske. Adams and
Sthouler. Their works will doubtles3
remain standards for come time to
come. But a* continuous narrative of
the forces of civilization that have been
at work in the chief half of the New
"World for an unknown number of cen
turies, such as is this work of Lee and
his associates, must certainly fill a defi
nite lacking in our literature.
Doubtless an undertaking so cyclo
pedic will not win immediately the con
fidence of the historians. It will be said
that th« whole cannot be a unified and
coherent work of art. that a collection
cf lndMdual monographs cannot reflect
anything; but a disjointed and sadly
inadequate view of the entire subject.
In a measure this probable criticism
has foundation. It cannot be expected
that the work cf twenty writers ana-
Ivxed by boards of advisers, pruned by
an editor and gathered into an ar
bitrary ech* me of coherence, will pos
sess the unbroken narrative force of
Gibbons* "Rome." What the work will
do, however, of which the first four
volumes no^ published give promise
for the whole finished series, is to pre
sent a complete historical conception of
the peoples of the North American con
tinent in definitive form. The four vol
umes already published are "Discovery
and Exploration," "Indians in the His
toric Times," "The Colonization of the
South" and "The Colonization of the
Mid#le States." We ehall confine this
revtew to a consideration of the first
two cf these, leaving the two remain
ing volumes for notice in a subsequent
issue.
To Dr. Alfred Brittaln, author of
* The Spanish* Conquest of Mexico."
"Octan Voyages in the Fifteenth Cen
tury" and "The Exploration of North
trn America," has fallen the task of
preparing the first volume of Lee's
•"North America," Commencing with a
consideration of the mythological dis
coveries of America by the Phoenicians,
i.h* <J reeks, the Norse and the Irish
from the eastern Eide and the fabled
voyages cf Mongolians from the far Pa
cific land*. Dr. Brittain follows the
authenticated records of the Colum
bian and post-Columbian exploiters
dewn to the laet voyage of Henry Hud
son, with a supplemental chapter upon
the cycle of exploration hinging upon
the search, for the northwest passage.
Departing somewhat from the accept
ed method of historical writing, the
author has Introduced wherever pos
sible original documents and ; tran
ccripts from first sources, sometimes in
their entirety. In narrating- the inci
dents surrounding the discoveries and
voyages of Columbus, he has repro
duced in full Las Casas' journal of the
admiral's voyages in which are set
down the daily log entriM. The letters
of Vespucci and the defense of Colum
bus' right -to honor for discovery writ
ten by Las Casas serve the author in
elucidating- the tangled controversy
settled about the head of the map
maker. Ajeln In the chapters devoted
to French exploration Dr. Brittaln has
punctuated his narrative with extracts
from Cartier, Jollet, Marquette and
La Salle's own accounts. In a work of
this nature, which does not aim at be
ing a minute study, but which is
forced by the scope of the subject Into
vtry broad and general lines, the apt
Incorporation of original sources into
the narrative such as the author of
the present volume has made makes
for a spirit of authenticity which
commands the confidence of the reader.
Quite the most Interesting- if not the
most valuable portion of the book Is
that dealing- -with ante-Columbian dis
coveries. Recognising the true point of
departure for an adequate survey of
the general movement of the restless
peregrination that characterized the
awakening from the Renaissance, Dr.
Brittaln has thrown his narrative back
to the beginnings of geographic sci
ence. He recalls the fact that the
Carthaginians ventured through ithe
Pillars of Hercules and down the West
African coast. That the Moors settled
the Azores centuries before Columbus
called the unknown eeas is established
by the remains of their architecture
found there; could the myth of the
seven wonderful cities of Clbola have
been founded upon the actual experi
ences of one of these Moorish sailors,
blown beyond the Azores to the Bra
zilian coast? The apocryphal legend
of a certain Irishman, Ari Marson of
Limerick, who found a "White Man's
Land" in the West, the story of the
Welsh Prince who discovered a fabled
new country, of the Venetian brothers
Vivaldo and their crossing of the At
lantic—these are all interesting read
ing, though not worthy of a histori
an's credit, according to the writer.
Nor does he pin much faith on the
rlalm of Norse priority ia the discov
ery of America. "We may still retain
every whit of our admiration for the
unsurpassed achievement of the
Genoese." eays the author.
The chapters dealing with Spanish ex
plorations in Florida end Mexico and
the Eouthv.est denote an especially cer
tain grairp of the author upon this
phase of the subject. The obscure op
erations of Gord ilia's expedition to
North Carolina, of the ill-fated Narvaez
in the Southwest and De Ayllon along
the gulf are set forth clearly and con
cisely. With Cortex in Mexico and the
NEW DEPARTURE
in History of America
It lsxthus: During the reign of the
old Emperor William the petty poten
tate of this -Immune region, one Haln
rich s XXII. married left-handedly a
queen of the circus saw dust. A story
anent' their nuptial .Joys got away
throughout the German empire. It was
somewhat less majeste to Heinrich.
William let It go— perhaps because he
thought it was too good to suppress.
U was just one of those lltttle things
too bad to tell and too good to let get
lost. So it happens that the descend
ants of Heinrich stand on the dignity
of their revenge, and lese majeste
against the Hohenzollerns Is let go un
punished if published in their demesne.
Another good story is something of
a study in criminology. It s anent
the anonymous letters which pester the
cc-urt with efforts to spoil, domestic
happiness. One is evidently from a
very bad, a very mad and a very jeal
ous jade. Writing successively peror
ating letters, she 'finally reaches this
superlative pitch of rage and vitu
peration and accuses the Empress of
this old. c-!d crime: "You are conspir
ing to monopolize your husband. It
is probably true that to "the other
woman" nothing on earth can seem
more meanly wicked than for a wife
to conspire to monopolize iier husband.
(Fischer's Foreign Letters, Inc., Pub
lishers, New York.)
of "Childe Harold." The aged Sheri
dan, tottering- to his dotage. Beau
Brummel. John Hobhouse, Shelley.
Lady Caro Lamb and Jane Clairmont.
the idol of Drury Lane, all figure In
the narrative of brief period
of social triumph, hia disastrous mar
riaxe and final exile from England.
Then the story carries to the Continent
the poet's companionship with Shelley,
his liaison with Jane Clairmont and his
final great love for Teresa. Countess
Guiccioll,. In Venice; finally hid heroic
sacrifices in behalf of the revolting
Greeks and his death on the shore of
those very bloodied "Isles of Greece."
A' vivid imagination and a ready eye
for the essential dramatic essence of
Lord Byrcn'a strange life, possessed
by the author, have made '"The Cast
away" a very good story. Its inherent
interest gains added attractiveness
from the subject about whom the novel
is written.
(Bobbs-Merrill Company. Indian
apolis; price SI.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.*
BOOKS,
GRAVE AND GAYunderstands about the courses, and as
soon as you get clear of the island
you can hoist your sail and get a fine
fair wind. When you get to Maul
you can" send a schooner -"
"Celeste, sit down!" snapped the
banker. "You'll upset the boat if you
don't look out!"-:
"Is it that you have grown fond of
his beautiful island'?" she. demanded,
half Jokingly, half in , surprise.
"J-J-Jordin, what do you make? Get
in the boat!'; '
"No," said the mate, "I'm going to
stop here until you send a schooner
for me.; It won't be very long... This
tub wouldn't' be safe with my extra
weight In her when, it breezes up this
afternoon." He was wading behind
the boat, shoving her through the
shallows, ahead of, him. .. The Countess
could not see his face, aa he was lean-
Ing over/, the better U- . throw j his
weight against the, stern.
"You're \ all v right .now. '¦ There's
nothing more that I can do. Blr Henry
They towed her to the leeward side
of the Island, and there the Countess,
the banker, - the Baronet and the Jap
embarked. ; The Baronet kept his face
averted and when he tried to answer
a question of the Countess' his voice
choked. -~;': '. t*
was spent in waiting for a fair oreeze
and recalking the boat.
gro, for heaven's sake! Can't you see
that you're only making it worse?"
The banker said nothing.
"I say, do be reasonable; why do
you want to make it so hard-for us.
Celeste?", "cried the Baronet, with a
queer vibration in his voice.
"You ask me why I remain?' I tell
you. It Is because that if I go I am
the base lngrate. ' This man have
risked, his life for me when his blood
run quick, an' when his life is low he
give me his blood, drop by drop. Day
by day he starve himself— an" he think
I do . not , see. Ver' ; many times he
bring me food an' say he have eat
plenty, but I know it is only his din
ner which \ he save. When I am cold
he cover, me with his coat ah' shiver;
when I . am trlste he .tell . me the droll
story, an' say how soon I will be home.
An 1 now he have put everything of
food, an' shelter in the bateau an" —
an'^ you ask me that I leave him — — "
, Her voice choked and she covered her
face with her hands.' . „ . .,
' . The mate " dug his foot ' In ' the «anA
and gnawed tha end of his new, brls9
ling mustache. , \ <
"Sall,O!"he v roared In a vole© that
•ounded like a cry of pain. Suddenly
The busy little Jap, who had been
swabbing the boat dry. leaped to his
feet so quickly that he almost had a
capsize. *
- "E-e-.e-e-e — yah!" he squealed, point
ing seaward.
The mate's keen eye -was the first to
follow "the "boy's.
"This!" said the mate, in a deep
toned voice. He snapped a cord about
his neck and drew forth a heavy gold
en ring. The blue eyes of the Countess
opened wide.
"It was my mother's. Celeste. Will
you wcur it for me — always?"
She put her hand in his. "Yes
J-J-Jordin Knapp."
were tightly clasped.
"Ah, yes; there is more. I have
known many, men . in many country,
many who have the wit, the resource,
the courage, the heart of gold. But
never have I known a -man who have
them all, as this gran" man; and he
has, beside" — she turned and 'covered
her face with her hands-7-"mon coeur!"
She sobbed softly. -_ : ¦.
"Ch; holl!" growled the banker; "let's
*o!"
"Who's going to chaperon you two
until the schooner comes?'"* asked the
Baronet jocosely. ,
"Is there any other reason, Celeste?"
he asked in a voice like the echo of the
surf. v~r
She raised her head, and the sunlight
shone on her face. The little hands
he 1 threw, nls hands above his head.
"They've come for us: The other
boat's been picked up! What?— what?"
He did a beach dance that would
shame a cannibal.
; The banker stared out to sea as If
uncertain of his part or me play.
Close to the shore the placid waters
lay pearly gray, still unawakened in
the shadow of the palms. Beyond, the
sparkling waves danced sun-kissed and
joyous with the life of the growing
day. Far on the low horizon a widen
ing band of ultramarine marked the
advent of the trade wind and over the
skyline a pink puff rose steadily over
the ocean's brim.
Larger it grew, coursing m the wake
of the breeze and soon the darker
speck that marked the hull appeared.
On she came, her topsail 8 hot with the
flaming crimson of the_ sunrise and
soon a snowy streak beneath her fore
foot showed each onward rush.
Close grouped, as if to concentrate
their sight, they feasted with their
eyes until the Countess's grew so dim
she could not see. A little sob strug
gled to escape, and at the eound the
mate and the banker turned to her.
The eyes of the two men mot to a look
different from that thrown seaward.
"Well," said the banker, "there's no
need for heroics after all. Veil all go
together, and let's try to forget this
chapter. I say we call everything that
has happened on this blooming Island
off. Celeste, don't cry. my—"
The mate's arm encircled the Coun
tess. She turned to the banker.
"Ah. yes, mon cher! it snail b» as
you wish. Everything is off— but the
ring!" she added softly, turning to th«
mate.
"Thought almost right," said the
mate: "might have been, bo far as you
r.ere concerned. Why didn't yo-u wait
for her?"
"I -don't know. I <1<>n't remember a
great dt-a! «>f what did happen. The
boat- was finking as it was — did sink.
In fact, before wo had taken a dozen
strokes." replied the Baronet, holding
the flask to the Countess's Hps.
"Is he dead'." she asked feebly.
"Nu. dearest; 1 am here, safe and
•ound." s-aid the banker soothingly, as
he chafed her hands.
"Oh, you! I do not mean you. I
mean that gran' man who plunged af
ter iiir as 1 struggle in the sea. You —
you s<t an' leave me to perish."
"You are unjust, doar. . I thought
that you werr in the boat."
"Ah. yes— when I call to yo-u from
the vcfsVi. But I do not ask you thi£;
I ask you if he live?"
"Yes\ Celeste, here he is— and no:ie
the worse for his ducking," said the
Baronet.
"What happih>««: Why I have the
fo great wish to sloep?" The long
Ia6h*^ drooped drowsily over the deep
violet eye*, and a penile little sigh was
lost in the soft breeze that fanned In
from the sra.
The matr, watchinrr her apathetical
ly, roused h'.msMf from his lethargy.
"Let her sleep right here where she
is. Give iii-» .your coat." The banker
slipped it eff and the mate folded it
and placed it under the Countess'
head. Khs rmiled drowsily and reached
out a fluttering little haita.»
"Ah! it is you— my* preserver— mon
cher ami!"
"There, there: you're all right now.
Take 0 Uttle nap: that's a good girl!"
He rose stiliiy to his feet and stretched
both great arms iibove h.ip head.
The Baronet looked at him quizzical
ly and smiled.
"Don't you think that you are r little
propriet.-iry In your manner, Knapp V
afked the banker in a voice.
The mate broucht down his arms,
threw out his chert and stared at him
a. moment. The drep lines on his face
threw darker shadows and the heavy
brow* came together.
;* Who's got a better right V he
growled.
"It seems to me that as I am her
fiance"
"You're a jlm dandy fiance. What
made you leave her on the yacht?"
"Oh. well, we won't argue that point.
But 'inasmuch as I am the owner and
you**7
/-'Yes, I am not disputing that the
schooner was your schooner nor the
mate your mate. But you've got no
schooner left, and therefore no mate.
Sawy?"
/'But your pay goes on just the
satne." said the banker.
"Ohj does It? Well, I'm no sea law
yer,-arid I don't know whether I'm en
titled to any more pay or not; but it
seems to me that I am entitled to some
salvage on this little craft that you
abandoned in a Finking condition," and
the mate Jerked his thumb at the
Countess.
"Oh, you do. eh? Well, you'd better
stick to your pay, youg man; it's more
negotiable."
The mate studied the Eand at his
feet thoughtfully. "Got anything . to
eat?" he asked, presently.
"One can of biscuits," said the Bar
onet; "and there's a spring back from
the beach a way."
"Good! That's worth more to us than
coin— or countesses, Just now."
The mate took a survey of as much
of the island as he could see. Then his
«yes inventoried the ' fragments of
•wreckage along the beach.
"Uninhabited, of course. Wouldn't
support a jack rabbit so far as chow
goes. And Just about enough flotsam
to ferryone away!"
The Baronet nodded. •'What are the
chances of being t&kta off, Knapp?"
he acked.
"Dwa ellm. Accident*!, you might
found the Countess and the
male. She was lying on her side, with
one iirui half hidden in a tangled
ir.iiKg of hair that matched the sun
rise: the oiher was clinched in the
cold, Iron grasp of Jordan Knapp, the
mato-. \.-hose massive frame was
sprawled face downward, his forehead
resting on his other hand. Strewn
along the beach were fragments of
wreckage unu the stove-up whaleboat,
end all around was the soft, warm
desolation of a South Sea isle.
The Baronet carried a thin plank
•whittled shovelwise, the blade of
which was frayed and splintered from
contact with the hard packet sand.
The banker carried a large sailor's
bandani. caught up at the corners,
and bulging from the personal effects
that he had taken from, the drowned
sailors whom they had just interred.
When he saw the Countess a corner
of the kerchief slipped from his
fingers and the pitiful little trinkets
rolled unheeded across the shining
Eands.
Ti\oy tried to pry the mate's
6Liir^ned fingers from their grip, and
a.r they were doing so he suddenly
ga«n#<-d and awoke.
The Baronet handed him a little
llask, and the banker took the wo
man by the shoulders and dragged
her above the high water mark.
Wlie-i he laid her down an eyelid flut
tered. The banker with a beating
l.eart lilled the hollow of his hands v
vith sea water. The mate, leaning
on his eibow. watched him sleepily—
anl divined his intention.
VGood Lord! she's had water enough;
try a little sunshine and whisky!"
"We thought, of course, you were
both drowned," murmured the Bar
onet.
WHE.V the quick rising tropic
sun hud cleft the velvet dark
ness into long, thin 'shadows,
the Baronet and the banker
say. Everything passing gives this is
land a wide berth on account of the
others on either side of us. New, if we
could manage to get to the next island
— but I don't quite see how we can."
He wandered off down the beach.
When he returned an hour later the
Countess and the banker had joined
the group around the fire. There were
dark shadows under the eyes of the
Countess, but her face was almost
childish in its animation.
••Xevair have I taste' a dejeuner so
Rcod!" rhe cried as she set down the
shell which contained the last of her
"chowder." "All! here is rny preserver.
Ponjour, m'sieu. Before I am so fa
tiguee I cannot express my thanks."
She roso to her feet and dropped a.
courtesy, vhile the vivacity of her fea
tures softened for a:i instant. "And
what it is that you have in tha panu
ela?" She gathered her skirts in both
hands und thrust out her pretty head
inquisitively.
"Somciliing to bring back your
strength again, * Countess — fresh
laid from our farm," said the mate. He
sot down the bundle, out of which
roiled several largo, round eggs.
"R'svht you arc — turtles' eggs, by
Jove!" exclaimed the Baronet.
When the egga were cooked and eaten
a better feeling semed to pervade the
castaways. In their hunger none but
the economical Jap observed that the
mate ate but one egg.
The Countess dropped off into a doz-.
and the others soon followed— all but
the mate, who arose and searched the
horizon with a cold, gray, anxious eye.
Soon he stol? away from the others and
ptowltii the beach, dragging fragments
of wreckage away from the reach of the
tide, searching shell heap and riffle for
objects rf use. His hard face lightened
as, wading wai.st deep, he dragged from
tho water the sail of one of the boats
and spread it out to dry. Three oars
and a bucki-t were the next treasures.
Later He almost howled with joy as
his eye fell upon a mass of cordage and
a hatch tarpaulin.
When all were sleeping the Countess
suddenly awoke, chilled to the bone
from contact with the cold sand which
the sun warmth had long since left.
The fire was almost dead and beside
the smoldering ashes lay Jordan
Knapp, face downward, and sleeping
heavily. His great shoulders were out
lined against the moonlit sky and as
\\% breathed deeply - and silently she
could see them rise and fall against the
white horizon. As she watched, too
c-old to move, a shudder' shook the
great frame; he turned partly on his
side and drew in his limbs to warm
his body.
Thn Countess crent softly out and
threw a few sticks on the fire. '' An she
slipped from beneath the r-dge of her
coverlet a dark object across it caught
her eye. It was the mate's cont and
another glance showed her fthat he
slept in his thin *-hirt. open at the neck.
She picked up the coat and held it
over the coals of the fire. When it
seemed that the heat had penetrated
every liber .she spread it gently across
the shoulders of the mate, noticed as
she did so" that the cotton shirt was
clammy from the dew. Almost as the
Kiirnient touched him the mate was
broad awake, up on one knee and tense
as a foreatay.
"Oh, it is you," he whispered, recog
nizing her in the moonlight. "I thought
that I v/a* in China again with Boles
and that the river pirates— pshaw! I'm
half asleep still. What's the matter,
Countess?"
•"Dieti!" I have so cold I may not
eleep. Perhaps I have sleep enough in
the day. What a pity I arouse you,
cher ami! But you shiver in your
sleep and you have put your coat
across my knee," she added reproach
fully.
"I don't mind the cold," said the
mate almost roughly; "and I ought to
have kept the fire up, but I was sort of
sleepy, 1 guess." He was building the
feeble flames as he *8poke. "I'll make
you a comfortable bed to-morrow,
Countess, built ur> off the ground and
thatched out with palm leaves. Seems
like I might have thought of it before, «
but I was busy saving junk that we
may need."
"How long you think we must re
main on this islan'?" asked the Count
ess, holding her palms to the growing
blaze. :..:•, "¦•
"Not long, I reckon," he answered
reassuringly. "We'll start to knock
the pieces of the boat together to
morrow and then we'll work
our passage along this chain of isl
ands until we strike an inhabited one.
Maul can't be more than 300 miles to
the eastward'and the natives there are
friendly."
"But the boat — how without tools
may you make -him sea-deserving?"
"Seaworthy? Oh, there are nails in
the wreckaggjand I can chip these
shells into tools; and I have my
knife."
"It will be a task like 'The Tollers
of the Sea.' You have read that
book ?" *?.
"Yes; but there are several of u«
and we have a sail and can wait for
a fair wind. It will be easy enough.
Don't worry. Countess, you'll be ; in
Frisco in a couple of . months." ;:")»**¦•
. "I do not worry when you are near,
J-Jordin Knapp," ehe added softly.
"That's a brave girl," said the mate,
patting her hand. "Now you must go
to sleep again."
The Countess made no reply, but
gazed out over the still, moonlit sea.
• The banker awoke with a gasp.
"Are you' awake. Knapp?" he asked
querulously. "I'm as cold as death.
Can't you biuld up that flre?" .He
raised himself en his elbow and saw
the Countess.
"If you're going; to sit up by the
flre. Celeste, do you mind if • I take
your piece of canvas? Who'd^ ever
think that It could be so cold down
h*»re in the- tropics?" he grumbled.
"You know my lungs aren't very
strong. Celeste, and the first thing you
know I'll be having pneumonia."
He tugged the scrap of sail partly oft
the Baronet. "I Bay, Knapp, just tuck
that thing around my feet, will you? I
believe I'm going to have a chill! Heat
up the rest of that chowder for me, Ce
leste. Damn the luck, anyway! You -
bet that the next time I hire any offi
cers for a yacht I'll get men with the
proper licenses, and who know' their ,
business. It's all your fault, Celeste.
If you'd only been content to go right
back this r.over would have happened.
Vv'hy don't you heat up something. Ce
leste?? Do you want me to h^ve a — "
"Shut up!" growled the mate.
"Eh! What's that?"
"Shut up. or I'll come over there and
twist year neck! Savvy?"
"What do you mean? Is that th«
way—"
"Shut yer mouth, d'ye hear? The
Countess's got enough to bother hei
without your drool!"
The ba-nker glared across the firelit
space, then gTumbled off to sleep again.
The Countess gazed pensively at the
moon and then turned to the mate.
He rose suddenly, picked up the,
CountfiEs' poor little canvas coverlet
and held it to the blaze, then wrapped
it gently around her and drew her up
to him.
"Put your head on my lap — so. Now
turn your back to the lire— so."
The lire was behind her, and tha
broad chest of the mate sheltered her,
from the night breeze.
"But you — Jordin Knapp' — you can
not sleeu t>o!"
' "Nefer fear, child; go to sleep." His
voice was kind but imperative.
"Ah, mon ami, nevair was I so com
fortable." She gave a little sigh, and
the eyelids fluttered down. The flames
grew brighter.
Soon she slept, and after a little the
roate'R chin sank on his chest and he,
too, slept. So until morning-, when
the Baronet a'woke.
He looked A them keenly in the
early dawn, .-nd .the smile that parted
his patrician lips was not altogether
ironical.
•A week passed and no, errant sail
clove the distant sky-line. The sup
ply of turtles' eggs was gone and the
fish caught by the Jap seemed a very
lonely member of his species. The
castaways ate^but twice a day, and
then scantily. .The lines under the-
Countess' eyc3 ' deepened, and new
ones appeared in the rugged facc<o£.,
the mate. He made a bold pretense 4
of eating, and only two of the partyis
saw the deception, but as ho grew-'.
daily .more , cadaverous his r onergy , .
seemed to increase. With infinite toll '
lie chipped some of the broad sea
shell;; into the semblance of tools — '..
a saw, a chisel and an adze. Nails
were drawn or dug from box and
cask, the smashed ends of. the boat
neatly spliced and calked with cot
ton fibers.
Wlieh they awoke in the .morning
the artist was missing. ThcCountess
was the first to 7 find his writing In the
sand. .
"Dear friends," It read, "this Is to
apologize for leaving you so abruptly,
but I've lost my nerve. Knapp says
the boat can only safely carry four —
possibly five. The grub is getting low
and I'm sick of chowder; besides, my
demand is greater than my supply.
Love to all. May God bless you and
get you safely out of the mess! Au re- .
voir." " ¦ V ¦ ' -f
The next day the mate with a smile
nt the Countess, pronounced the boat \
to be "sea deserving." , Then * they
spent three days in catching 'fish,
which they dried In the sun. It was
easier to catch the fish, now that they
had a boat. Several bottles that had
washed ashore and the biscuit tln'were
tilled with water from the spring,
which day by day was dwindling as
the dry season advanced. Anotherdajn
T HE SAN FRANCISCO. I SUN DAY CAL:~
"Yes, sit down. Celeste," said the
Baronet. - "We've arranged it all, and
it'jrthe best way — — " '.*"
Splash! The Countess had leaped
nimbly Into the water and was wad-
Ing:, waist deep,. back to the beach be
fore the mate could Intercept her.
At the edge of the waiter she turned.
_"And you would leave J-J-Jordin
Knapp so — -alone, desolated-^-even as
you left me on the vessel? Mais non!
He have stay by me, an' I will remain
with him. Think, mes amis, what it
would be— alone on- this | terrible Islah'
af night, with the moaning ¦ of the i
sea!" s Bhe burst Into a storm of tears.
The ? mate > turned ¦ to c, her j fiercely.
••Celeste,. do as I tell you I Get Into that
boat; do you want to make me — On,-
AT THE LAST OF THE EBBWhen our own, the West End, of
the schedule, came over the wires there
was a universal, a vociferous, kick.
Dispatchers, superintendent of motive
power, tralmnaster, everybody, pro
tested. "We "were glve^n aoout', seven
hours to cover 400 miles— the fastest
percentage, by the way, on the whole
run. --
"This may be grief for young Mc-
Willlams and for his . dad," grumbled
the chief dispatcher that evening, ' as
he cribbed the press dispatches going
over the wires about the special, "but'
the grief Is not theirs alone." .
minute, the time of the start from Chi
cago, and hinted ¦ broadly that the
schedule was a hair-raiser; something
to make previous very fast records pre
vious very slow records. And — here
in a Ecoop was the secret — the train
was to convey a prominent Chicago
capitalist to the bedside *of his dying
son, Philip McWilliams, In Denver.
Further, that hourly bulletins were be
ing wired to the distressed father, and
that every effort of science would be
put forth to keep the unhappy boy
alive until his father could reach Den
ven on the special. Lastly, it was
hoped by all the evening papers (to fill
out the half flrst-colu: -» scare) that
sunrise would see . the anxious parent
well on toward the gateway of the
Rockies.
Of course the morning papers from
the Atlantic to the 'Pacific' had the
story repeated — scare-headed. In fact—
and the public were' laughing at our
people's dogged refusal to confirm the
report or to be Interviewed at all era
the subject The papers had the story,
anyway. What did they care for our
efforts to, screen a private distress
which Insisted on so paralyzing a
time-card for 1026 miles?
and for. Foley's muddy cap to pop
through the Blackwood bluffs;
watched him stain the v vall£y' maples
with a stream of black and white,
scream at the Junction switches, tear
and crash through the yards, and slide
hissing and panting up under our nose,
swing out of his cab, and look at no
body at all but his'- watch. 'We made
it 6:69 a. m. Central time. The miles,
136; the minutes, 121. The schedule
was . beaten— and that with the < 136
miles the fastest on the .whole 1026.
Everybody In . town . yelled except
'Foley; he asked for a chew of tobacco
and, not getting one . handily, bit Into
his own piece. .' '•¦' 9 \\ .*¦
I j While Foley melted his weed George
Sinclair stepped out of the superin
tendent's office— he was done In a black
silk shirt,- with a blue four-in-hand
streaming over his front— stepped out
to shake .hands with Foley, as one
hostler got the 466 out of the way and
another . backed down .with a new Sky
scraper, the G09.
..But nobody paid much attention to
all this. *The rnob had swarmed around
the ratty, old, blind-eyed* baggage car,
which, with an "ordinary waycar, con
stituted the McWilllams Special.
"Now what does a man with V Mc-
Willlams" money " want \ to travel spe
cial Is an old photograph gallery like
that for?" ; asked, Andy Cameron, who,
.was -the least bit huffed because he
hadn't been ; marked up for < the run
himself.- "You'd better' take him In a
cup . of ¦ hot s coffee, ' Sinkers," suggested
Andy .to the lunch ;" counter boy. < "You
might get a,' ten-dollar bill. If thVold
man isn't" feeling too. badly. What: do
you hear, from Denver, ; Neighbor VI- he,
asked, turning to the superintendent'
of motive power. Vis the boy: holding
out?" -
"I'm not . worrying about . the boy
holding out; it's" whether the Five-
Nine will 'hold; out." •
"Aren't you >. going to change • engines
and crews ¦ at Arlckar ee ?** ¦
Then he made a protest to Chicago.
What the * answer was none but him
self ever knew. It came personal, and
he took It personally; but. the' manner
In which he went - to work clearing
track and making a card for the Me-
Williams Special showed ( better speed
than the train Itself ever attempted—
and he kicked no more.
After all the row, it seems Incredi
ble, but they never got ready to leave
Chicago till four o'clock and when the
McWilllams Special lit into our train
system it was like dropping a moun
tain lion Into a bunch of steers. '
Freights and extras, local passen
ger trains even, were t used to being
sidetracked; but when 'it came to lay-
Ing out the fliers and (I whisper this)
the White Mail, and the Manila ex
press, the oil began to Sizzle in' the
Journal boxes. The freight business,
the passenger traffic — the mall
schedules of a whole railway system
were actually knocked by the McWil
llams Special Into a cocked hat ¦
From the minute.lt cleared Western
avenue It was the only thing talked
of. Divisional headquarters . and ear
tlnk shanties alike were bursting with
excitement "
On the West End we had all night
to prepare, and at 6 o'clock ne*t
morning every man in the operating
department was on edge. At precisely
3:58 a. m. the McWUllams Special
stuck its nose into our division, and
Foley — pulled off No. 1 with the 46«—
was headirtg her dizzy for McCloud.
Already the McWilliams had made up
thlrty.'.mlnutes on the one-hour delay,
in Chicago," and Lincoln threw her Into
bur, hands with a sort of "There", now 1
Youfjello ws — are you any # good at all
on' the West End V And "we thought
we i were, .
Sitting In the dispatcher's office, we
tagged her down the line like a swal
low. Harvard, -Oxford, Zanesville,
Ashton— and a thousand, people at the
McCloud station waited for" 6 o'clock
"Why, man, I'm not even asking for
a subscriptipn; • I- simply want to
ten — — "
, "Get out!" snapped the man with
the gun,' and in a j foam the newsman
climbed down.- A curious crowd gath
ered close to hear an editorial version
of the Ten Commandments revised on
the spur of the moment Felix Ken
nedy said "it was worth going miles to
hear. "That's the. coldest deal I ever
struck on the plans," boys," declared
the editor. "Talk about your be
reaved ' parents. ; If ' the boy. doesn't
have a chill when > that man reaches
him I miss" my guess. He acts to ,me
as if he was afraid his grief would
get away 'before he got to . Denver."
Meantime Georgie Sinclair was tying
a -silk- handkerchief around "his neck,
while Neighbor gave him' parting In
junctions.'- As he ' put - up , his . foot ¦ to
swing Into the cab the boy looked for
all the world like Jocke. toe in a
stirrup. , Neighbor glanced at 'his
watch;, \ ' . '
vVCah T you make It by 11 o'clock?" he
growled. tV?'\ }.:,. •'¦ .' ..-..' ¦ >>
."Make what?" , •
•'; "Denver." ..•••¦ , ... - ¦¦ ¦'
"Denver or the . ditch. Neighbor,"
laughed Georgie, testing the air.. "Are
you right back I there, Pat?" he called,
as Conductor. Francis- strode forward
to .compare -.the mountain .time. .
;- "Right and tight, and I - caU It five-
"My grief, Mr. McWilllams," pro
tested .the Interviewer In a trembling
voice; "don't imagine I wanfto hold
you. up. Our citizens are all peace
able " .
- "Get out!" < •• ..' V
The barricades bothered him, but he
mounted them all and began an emer
gency, pound on the forbidding "blind
door. Imagine his feelings when the
door was gently opened by a sad-eyed
man, who opend the ball by shoving
a rifle as big as a plnchbar under the
editorial nose. - '»
At that moment the editor of the
local paper came around the depot
corner on the run. He was out foran
Interview, and, as usual, Just a trifle
late. However, he insisted on board
ing the baggage car to tender his sym
pathy to McWilliams.
¦"Not to-day," said Neighbor, grim
ly; "we haven't time."
Just then Sinkers rushed at the bag
gage car with a cup of hot coffee for
M.\ McWilliams. Everyoody, hoping
to get a peep 'at the capitalist, made
way. Sinkers climbed over the train
chests which were lashed to the plat
forms and pounded on the door. He
pounded hard, for he hoped and be
lieved that there was something In It
But he might have pounded till his
coffee froze for all the impression it
made on the sleepy McWilliams.
- "Hasn't the man trouble enough
without tackling your ' chlckory?"
sang out Felix Kennedy, and the laugh
so- discouraged Sinkers tnat he gave
over and sneaked away.
IT BELONGS to the Stories That
Never Were Told, this of the Mc-
Williarr.s Special. But It happened
years apo, and for that matter Mc-
WiUiams Ss dead. It wasn't grief that
killed him. either; though at one time
grief came uncommonly near killing,
us.
It is an odd sort of a yarn, too; be
cause osie part of it never got to head
quarters, and another part of it never
. got frcm headquarters.
How, for instance, the mysterious
car was ever etarted from Chicago on
such a delirious schedule, how many
men In the service know that even yet?
How. for another Instance, Sinclair
and Francis took the ratty old car reel-
Ing into Denver with the glass shriv
eled, the paint blistered, the hose
burned. and a tire sprung on one of the
Five-Nine's drivers— how many head
quarters slaves know that?
Our end of the story never went in
. at alL Never went In because It was
not deemed — well, essential to the get
ting up of the annual report We could
cave raised their hair; they could have
raised our salaries: but they didn't;
we didn't.
In telling this 6tory I would not be
misunderstood; ours is not the only,
line between Chicago and Denver;
there are others, I admit It But there !
Is only one line (all the same) that
could have taken the McWilllams Spe
cial, as «e did, out of Chicago at four
In the evening and put It In Denver
long before noon the next day.
A communication came from a great
LaSalle street banker to the president
of our road. Next the second vice pres
ident heard of it but In this way:
"Why have you turned down Peter
McWilliams' request for a special to
Denver this afternoon?" asked the pres
ident.
"He wants too much," came back
over the private wire. "We can't do it"
After satisfying himself on this point
the president called up LaSalle street
"Our folks cay, Mr. McWilllams, we
simply can't do it" •
"You must do It**
"When will the car be ready?"
"At 2 o'clock." •
"When must it be in Denver?"
"Ten o'clock to-morrow, morning."
The president nearly Jumped the wire.
"McWtlliams. you're -crazy. "What on
earth do you mean?"
The talk came back so elow that the
vires hardly caught It. There were oc
casional outbursts, such as "situation
is extremely critical,** "gTave danger.** ¦
"acute distress," "must help me out."
But none of this would ever have
moved ths president bad not Peter Me-'
"Williams been a bigger man than most
corporations ; and a personal request
from Peter, if he stuck to it could
hardly be refused; and for this he roost
decidedly stuck. ."
"I tell you it will turn us upside
down," stormed the president
"Do you recollect" asked Peter Mc-
Williams, "when your infernal old pot
of a road was busted eight years age- -- 1
you were turned Inside . out then,
weren't you? And hung up to dry,
weren't you?"
The president* did recollect; he could
not decently help recollecting. And he
recollected how. about the same time,
Peter McWilliams had one week taken
up for him a matter cf two millions
floating with a personal check, and
carried It eighteen months without se
curity, when the money could not be
had !n Wall street *»i Government
bonds.
Do you— that is, have you" heretofore
supposed that a railroad belongs to the
stockholders? Not so; It belongs to..
men like llcWilliams. who own It wheli
ther lewi It At other times they let
tns stockholders carry it — until they
want it again.
"We'll do what we can, Peter," re
plied the president desperately amia
ble. "Good-by."
I am giving you only an Inkling of
how it started. Not a word as to how
countless orders were ¦ issued, and
countlecs schedules were canceled.
Not - paragraph about numberless
trains abandoned in toto, and number
less others pulled and hauled and held
end annulled. The McWUllams Special
In a twinkle tore a great system into
great splinters.
It 5ct ir.aster mechanics by the ear
and made reckless falsifiers of pre
viosly conservative trainmen. It made
undying: enemies of rival superintend
ents, and incipient paretics of Jolly
train dirpatchers. It shivered us from
end to end and stem to stern, but it
covered 102S miles of the best steel In
the world in rather better than* twenty
hours and a blaze of glory.
"My word Is out," said the president
In his message to all superintendents,
thirty minutes later. "You 'will get
your division schedule in a few mo
ments. Send no reasons for inability
to mik» It; simply deliver the goods.
With your time report, which comes
by Ry. M. S., I want the names and
records of every member of evsry train
crew and every engine crew that haul
the McWilllams car.** Then followed
particular injunctions of secrecy above
all. the newspapers must not get It
But where newspapers are, secrecy
can only be hoped for — never attained.
In epite of the most elaborate precau
tions to preserve Peter McWilllams'
.secret — would you believe it? — the
c ver.ii. c papers had half . a column —
practically the whole thing. Of course
they had to guess at some of It, but for
a newspaper story It was pretty cor
rect. Just the same. They had, to a
- ''Boys." said . . Ferguson, briefly.
"There's a bridge afire- ahead. These
boys are going to try to run it It's
not in . your contract, that, kind of a
chance. Do you want to get off? I
stay with the specie myself. You can
do ' exactly as you please. Murray,
"Just plain Ferguson."
"Well, Ferguson, it's none of my busi
ness, but as long as we're going to put
you Into Denver or Into the river In
about a minute, I'm curious .to know
what the blazes you're hustling. about
this way for." •
- "Me?" I've got twelve hundred thou
sand dollars in gold coin in this car
for the Sierra Leone National Bank—
that's alL Didn't you know that five
big banks there closed their doors yes
terday? Worst panlo In the United
States.' That's what I'm here for, and
five huskies' with me eating and sleep-
Ing In -this car," continued Ferguson,
looking ahead. "You're not going to
tackle that bridge.' are you?" ,
"We are, and right off. If there's
any of our huskies want to drop out
now's their. chance," said Pat Francis
as Sinclair slowed. up for his run.
¦ ' Ferguson called his men. The five
with their rifles came cautiously for
ward.
"Bridge burning!" he cried, looking
nervously forward.. "Well, that's a deal.
What are you going to do about.lt?"
"Run it. .Are you McWilllams?"
"McWilllams? I wish I was for Just
one minute. I'm one of hls^clerks."
."Where Is he?"
"I left him on LaSalle street yester
day afternoon."
"What's your name?"
"We might as well be starting, Pat"
suggested Jerry MacElroy, who depre
cated losing good time. "There'll be
plenty of time to talk after we get into
Denver— or the Mattaback."
"Think quick, Pat." urged Sinclair;
his safety was popping murder.
"Back her *p, then, and let her go,"
cried Francis; "I'd just' as lief have
that baggage car at the bottom of the
river as on my hands any longer."
There was some sharp tooting, then
the McWilllams Special backed; backed
away across the meadow, I.aited and
screamed hard enough to wake the
dead, y.orgle was tr~" — r to warn the
section men. At that Instant the door
of the baggage car opened and a sharp
featured young man peered out.
"What's the row— what's all this
screeching about conductor?" he asked
as Francis passed.
•J£ridge burning ahead there."
"Holy smoke,!" mused Pat Francis,
who would have run the river without
any bridge at all If so ordered. "They
told us to deliver the goods, didn't
they?"
"Not if we can get across before the
bridge tumbles Into the river," re
turned Sinclair. *
"You don't mean to try it?"
"Would I? Wouldn't you? You know
the orders. The bridge is good for an
hour yet Pat, if you're game, I'll
run it"
Indeed, the 'fireman— it was Jerry
MacElroy— twisting and shifting be
tween the tender and the furnace,
looked for the . first time grave and
stole a questioning glance from the
steam gauge toward Georgie.
But yet he didn't expect to see the
boy, his face set ahead and down the
track, straighten so suddenly up, sink
in the lever and close at the Instant on
the ain Jerry felt her stumble under
bis feet— caught up like a girl in a
skipping rope — and grabbing a brace
looked, like a wise stoker, for his an
swer out of the window. There far
ahead It rose in hot curling clouds of
smoke down among the alfalfa mead
ows and over the sweep of willows
along the Mattaback River. The Mat
taback bridge was on fire, with the
McWilllams Special on one side and
Denver on the other.
Jerry MacElroy yelled — the engineer
didn't even look around; only whistled
an. alarm back to Pat Francis, eased
her down the grade n bit, like a man
reflecting, and w*atched the smoke and
flames that rose to bar tne McWUIams
Special out of Denver.
The Five-Nine skimmed across the
meadows without a break, and pulled
up a hundred feet from the 'burning
bridge. It wts an old Howe truss, and
snapped like popcorn as the flames bit
into the rotten shed.
• Pat Francis and his brakeman ran
forward. Across the river they could
see half a dozen section men chasing
wildly about throwing Impotent buck
ets, of water on the burning truss.
"We're up against it, Georgie!" cried
Francis.
To cov*r those sixty miles in better
than fifty minutes was like picking
them off the ponies; and the Five-Nine
breasted the Morgan divide, fretting
for more hills to climb.
The Five-Nine— for that matter any
of the sky-scrapers are built to bal
ance ten or a dozen sleepers, and when
you run them light they have a fashion
of rooting their noses into the track.
A modest up-grade just about counters
this tendency; but on a slump and a
stiff clip and no tall to speak of. you
feel as If the drivers were going to
buck up on the ponies every once In a
while. However, they never do, and
Oeorgie whistled for Scarbor© Junction,
and 180 miles and two waters in 19S
minutes out of McCloud, and looking
happy cussed Mr. McWilllams a little
and gave her another hatful of steam.
It Is getting down a hill, like the
hills of the Mattaback Valley, at such
a pace, that pounds the track out of
shape. The Five-Nine lurched at the
curves like a mad woman shook free
with very fury, and if the baggage
car had not been fairly loaded down
with the grief of McWilllams it must
have Jumped the rails .a dozen times
In as many minutes.
Frcm McCloud to Ogalalla there
was a good bit of twisting and slew-
Ing; but looking east from Athens a
marble dropped between the rails
might roll clear into the Ogalalla
yards. It was a sixty-mile grade, the
ballast of slag and the sweetest
springiest bed under steel.
A roar went up. The little engineer
shook his cap, and with, a flirting,
snaking slide, the MoWilllams Special
draw slipping away between the shin
ing rails for the Rockies.
Just how MoWllllams felt we had
no means of knowing; but we knew
our hearts would not beat freely until
his Infernal special would slide safely
over the last of the 258 miles which lay
between the distressed man and his un
fortunate child.
two-tWatjr asm What hum you. Geor
"Flv«-two-thirty-two," answered Sin
clair, leaning from the cab window.
"And we are ready."
"Then go," cried Pat Francis, rais
ing two fingers.
"Go!" echoed Blnolalr, and waved a
backward smile to the crowd, as the
pistons took the push 'and the escapes
wheexed.
The banker shook hands with each
one of the crew. "You've saved us,
boys. We needed It There's a mob
of 6000 of the worst scared people in
America clamoring at the doors; and.
by the eternal, now we're fixed for
every one of them. Come up to the
bank. I want you to ride right up
with the coin, all of you."
It was an uncommonly queer occa
sion, but an uncommonly enthuslastlo
one. Fifty policemen made the escort
and cleared the way for the trucks to
pull up across 'the sidewalk, so the
porters could lug the kegs of gold Into
the bank before the very eyes of the
rattled depositors. - V
In an hour the run was broken. But
when" the four railroad men left the
b -.k, after all sorts of hugging by ex
cited directors, they carried not only
the blessings of the offlVJals. but each
In his vest pocket a check, every one
of which discounted the biggest vouch
er ever drawn on the West End for a
month's pay. though I violate no confi
dence In. statins that Georsie Sinclair's
W--.a bigger than any *-. o of the others.
And this Is how It happens that there
hangs in .the directors' room of the Si
erra Leone National a v-ry creditable
portrait of the kid engineer. •
Bri les paying tariff on the specie,
the bank paid for a new coat of paint
for the McWUllams Special from ca
boose to pilot She was the last train
across the Mattaback for two weeks.
Sinclair, MacElroy and Frauds, with
his brakeman, were surrounded by a
crowd of railroad men. As they stood
answering questions, a big, prosper
ous-looking banker, with* black rings
under his eyes, pushed In toward them,
accompanied by the lame fellow, who
had missed the chance of a lifetime
to die. rich, and by Ferguson, who had
told the story. . -. 0 .
While .the crew went up to register
two big four-horse trucks backed up- to
the baggage car, and in a minute a
dozen men were rolling spede-kegs
out of the door, which was smashed la.
as being quicker than to tear open the
barricades. .
"Mattaback bridge Is burned; had t*
crawl over on the stringers," answered
Sinclair, coughing up a cinder. --U
••Where's McWilliams?"
"Back there sitting on his grief. X
reckon."
Sinclair, thinking he might never
g«t • another chance, was whistling
sharply for orders. Francis, breath
less with the news, ran fqrward.
"Coin? How much? Twelve hun
dred thousand. Whew!" cried Sin
clair. "Swing up, Pat. "We're off."
The Five-Nine gathered herself with
a spring. Even the engineer's heart
quailed as they got headway. He
knew his business, and he knew that If
only the rails hadn't bucked they were
perfectly safe, for the heavy truss
would stand a lot of burning before
giving way under a swiftly moving
train. Only, as they flew nearer, the
blase rolling up In dense volumes,
looked horribly threatening.
After all It was foolhardy, and he
felt it: but he was past the stopping
now. and he pulled the choker to the
limit. It seemed as If she never cov
ered steel so fast. Under the head she
now had- the cracking bridge was leu
than five hundred — four hundred
three hundred — two hundred feet, and
there was no longer time to think.
Witt a stare. Sinclair shut off. He
wanted to push or pull on the track.
The McWUllams Special was Just a
tremendous arrow shooting through a
truss of fire, and half a dozen speech
less men on either side of the rive?
waiting for the catastrophe.
Jerry MacElroy crouched low un
der the gauges. Sinclair Jumped from
his box and stood with a hand on the
throttle and a hand on the air. the
glass crashing around his bead like
hall. A blast of flery air and flying
cinders burned and choked him. The
engine, alive with danger, flew Ilka a
great monkey along the writhing steel.
So quick, eo black, so hot the blast,
and so terrific the leap, she struck her
nose lstp clean air before the men la
the cab could rise to It.
There was a heave In the middle
like the lurch of a sea-sick steamer,
and with It the Five-Nine got her
paws on cool iron and solid ground,
and the Mattaback and the blaze — all
except a dozen tongues which licked
the cab and the roof of the baggage
car a minute — were behind. Georgia
Sinclair, shaking the hot glass out of
his hair, looked ahead through his friz
zled eyelids and gave her a full head
for the western bluffs of the vallayt
then looked at his watch.
It was the hundred and ninetieth
mile-post Just at her nose, and the dial
read eight o'clock and fifty-five min
utes to a second. There was an hour
to the good and seventy-six miles and
a water to cover; but they were sev
enty-six of the prettiest miles under
ballast anywhere, and the Five-Nine
reeled them off like a cylinder press.
Seventy-nine minutes later Sinclair
whistled for the Denver yards.
There was a tremendous commotion
among the waiting engines. If there
was one there were fifty big locomo
tives . waiting to charivari' the' Me Wil
liams Special. The wires had told the
story In Denver long: before, and as
the Five-Nine sailed ponderously up
th« gridiron every mogul, every con
solidated, every ten- wheeler, every hor.
every switch-bumper, every air-hose
screamed an uproarious welcome to
C irgie Sinclair and the Sky-scraper.
They had broken every record from
McCloud to Denver, and all knew It;
but as the McWUUams Special drew
swiftly past, every last man In the
yards stared at her cracked, peeled,
blistered, - haggard looks.
"What the deuce Have you bit Into?"
cried the depot-master, as the Five-
Nine swept splendidly up and stopped
with her battered eye hard on the depot
clock. ':-:";¦
And off went ey«ry last man of the
valorous detectives', excepting: one lams
fellow, who said* he would Just as
lief, be dead as alive, anyway, and de
clared he would stay with Ferguson
and die rich!
"Me?"«choed Peaters. looking ahead
at the mass of flame leaping upward
—"me stay* /"Well, not In a thousand
years. You can have my gun, Mr.
Ferguson, and send my check to 439
Milwaukee avenue, if you please.
Gentlemen, good day." And aft went
Peaters.
"WelL Peaters." asked Ferguson, of
the second man, coolly, "do you want
to stay?" ¦'*'.'
""What do I aay?" echoed Murray,
with decision, as he looked for a soft
spot to alight alonj the track. "I say
I'll drop out risht here. I don't mind
train robbers, but I don't tackle a
burning bridge— not It I know It." and
he jumped off.
what do you say?" ha talced. address-
Ing the leader of the force, who ap
peared to weigh about two hundred and
sixty.
/THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
THE McWILLIAMS
SPECIAL
7no_texthimself and not, only protected the foreigners i£ Seoul, but saved the
lives of the, hated Japanese from the fury of tie Korean hosts as welL
For this splendid service he received tie personal thanks of the
Emperor of Japan and was given the freedom "of the city of Tokio in
one of the most remarkable demonstrations toward a foreigner that has
ever been rendered in the Flowery Kingdom. 'At the same time the
Government of China tendered its thanks for the courage and diplo
macy he had shown, while the Emperof of Korea caused an autograph
letter of thanks to be conveyed to the noted Americanior the master
ful manner in which he had aided in putting down the uprising.
After resigning his post in the Orient in 18S4 he returned to Amer
ica, and; has since made his home in Sar. Francisco. Since 1890 General
Foote has been the secretary and treasurer of the Academy of Sciences,
which. he has been most active in building up to its present scientific im
portance and prominence throughout the world-
/> NE of the few men now living^who have been signally honored
(r - J by b ot h the Emperor of Japari~and the Government of China for
X.tS bravery in the" Orient is General Lucius Harwood Foote. the sub
ject of this week's sketch from ; life by Artist Cahill'of the Sun
day Call staff. The present war between Russia and Japan, has scrye'd
tr, bring into prominence again the lopg^and-brilliant^career-of^th'is
pioneer of the Golden -West since he* crossed the plains',' to "California
iti 1S53 and Jiccame identified immediately with its stirring -public life,
in which he lias -been active ever since, notwithstanding he is now 78
years old, while the poctn, "The March of the Nomads," which he re
cently translated from the German of Herman von Lingg for The Call,
to call attention anew to the fact that General. Foote is himself an
exc<llent poet of long standing. Two of his published works are "Red
Letter Day and Other Poems" and "On the Heights.".
It was after being successively, a municipal Judge in Sacramento
for two tcrnis^ihc Collector of the Port at Sacramento for four years
more, adjutant general of the California; militia for another four years, a delegate to the Republican National
Convention in* 1876, Consul to "Valparaiso, .Chile,"; frbrii" 1878 to i88il- and Charge r d'Affaires in "Chile until he
was sent' on a special, diplomatic missjon to Central America in : 1882, . that . General Foote was made Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister, Plenipotentiary to Korea in the same year. . . ;
Here it was that the strong personal qualities and high moral courage that had. been the foundation of
his rise to a place of position and honor in the service oft his country were put to their severest test. In
1883 the nativist revolt broke out in Seoul, and against.it the Korean -Government was- pfactically powerless.
The lives of all foreigners, and particularly of the Japanese subjects in the capital,'. were placed in as' grave
danger as were the small band of Americans and Europeans under Minister. Conger during,^he long siege .of
the recent Boxer/ uprising in China, and it was in this dire extremity 7 that General Foote asserted
GEN. LUCIUS HARWOOD FOOTEBy Auzusta Prescott
THE short Bkirted girl of a year or
two ago is not in it at all with
the short skirted girl of the pres
ent season.
The short skirted girl of a. couple of
seasons past was the freak; she was
the Rainy Daisy, the pedestrian girl,
the mountain girl, the climbing girL
She was everything but the pretty girl.
For the short skirts, as they were
made then, were not pretty. They were
scant and ungraceful. They were too
tight around the hips and too narrow
and too flappy around the feet They
were made of coarse material. And
they were not elegant No matter what
they were called, whether thev were
named the ralnr day skirt or the in
step Ekirt, the shopping skirt or the
ankle length, they were not the thing
to invite admiration. Women wore
them because they were comfortable
and convenient But because they
were pretty— never!
But now It is different The swing
clear eklrt no more resembles the Bhort
Ekirt of a few years ago than the dress
of to-day resembles the dress of the
tailor-made period. One was all se
verity. The other Is all grace. One*
made a woman angular and awkward
and masculine. The 'other adds a fem
inine touch to even the homeliest fig
ure. It takes away angles and makes a
woman graceful.
The Ekirts of this eeas<4i, those that
are made on the new art lines, all
swing clear. If they touch they are
of the round length— that Is, the length
which Just touches the floor all the
way. round; the length that is so de
lightful for piazza, and house wear.
Dressmakers are classifying the new
ekirts. but their classifications are bo
numerous and so varied as to puzzle
the lavman. There is what Is called
the society skirt, which is the skirt !
She walks, drives,
liirts and dances in a
gown that swings clear
of the ground and she
wears a short skirt
whether she golfs vig
gorously or lounges lazi
ly under the apple trees
—The. girl with the
granny shawl and how
she drapes it around her
neck and head — Fash
ion's latest departures.
know the secret of bulding them. Xspgsl
Lace as a petticoat trimming still* i ;
holds its popularity. But' the -pinked
ruffle,, headed by an .old-fashioned '
the best thing thatVcan be '
..worn under a full, round sklrt\; Four
and five ruffles are employed to maks
the skirt as frou frou as ' possible. .tV".;^
But ' the petticoat, while related to
the dress skirt, is not all there l\ is , of '
dreEs. The skirt of the gown, from
oblivion or partial oblivion, has . be
come the most prominent article of a
woman's dress. One can get along with
a blouse, or a Jacket, or an Eton, or
any sort of upper part of the costuma -
providing the skirt be up to date.
One of the newest skirts la built en- .
tlrely in round length. Th'at'lV io say.
it is cut the same all the. way round,
and is worn over a very; fuJHpetticoat
to make It set out. It is laid in tiny
box plaits around the belt, the plaits
nearly six inches apart. And. there is.,
no other trimming or decoration upon
the skirt It touches all the way
round and must be lifted with both
hands. This is a skirt that is chosen *
for reception wear.
And there is another round skirt, .
and this one is the easiest for an ama
teur to attempt It is cut in eight
breadths. They are the same all the
way up to the waist and are laid with- .
out gores. They are simply sewed to
gether - and put- upon a 'very Blender ;
band at the belt line. This skirt may
which a little more than touches. It is
cut round and is shirred in a hip yoke
about six inches deep. Again it is
shirred Just below the hips and here
the band of shirring is at least eight
inches deep. This skirt is very full
and is planned to set out smartly be
low the shirred portions. The length is
fully to the floor, but the skirt swings
clear as ere walks.
• And speaking of swinging clear as
one walks brings one with suddenness
to the question of the : "'ticoat. This
Is a subject which grows in proportion
to the interest in dress and never was
it of more concern than at this very
moment.
To fullv reall7~ this, and the reasons
thereof, take yourself back a few
months and Imagine thajt you are in,
the workshop of one of the best fash
ion designers in Paris. The . scene is
that of an artist's studio, and seated
In solemn conclave around the design
ing table are artists and dressmakers.
"Shall it be crinoline pr shall It not
be crinoline?" asks one of another.
It is debated at length and is finally*
decided in the negative. "Then all pet
ticoats must be very full," said the
leading man dressmaker, '"and they
must be built to make the gowns stand
out."
The other dressmakers took It up
and after long discussion agreed. Dress
skirts were to be made full, but were
not to be stiffened. But, in place of V
the crinoline, there were to be worn
the handsomest petticoats that could be
designed. They must be made out of.
pood material— that is, out of silk
which had some stiffening. And they
must be elaborately frilled »to make a
frou frou around the foot.
The echo of the conclave went around
the world and that Is the reason why
the petticoats of to-day are full and are
made as fluffy as possible. They must
make the gowns stand out. And the
dresses of 1830 and the dresses of 1860
that would be limp and incomplete
without these prettily elaborate un
derskirts are full and round and dressy
with them. -
The nicest petticoats are made with
fitted hips and are hooked, not tied, In '
the back. This gives a nice hip line.
The petticoat which is a swing clear !
.Is trimmed with silk ruffles around the i
foot and the edges of the ruffles are
pinked. Under each ruffle there is a
smaller ruffle to make it set out The
result is charmingly chic
The petticoats which one sees in the •
pictures, but which one never sees In <
real life, are now becomine possible j
for every woman. She need only
. fitted with a band, which is hooked
.around the waist, passing under a
in front to hold it down. The
whole i.-.2tter is very similar to the
dip fren£ which has been the vogue for
a season or two. . . :•
•~ '• And there are still- other, clever de
.'vices.'. One of these is for making a
shirt waist Cip in front.. The waist
must be sewed to a', belt. The dress
"ckirt'ls hooked around the waist line
¦ and the shirt waist Is th*n put on. It
is pinned In the back and is pulled
down in the middle of the front. .This
requires a little skill, but the result; Is
' smart and many of the Newport girls
are catching on to its intricacies.
The girl who dances considerably has
few troubles this yeer. She has a
>klrt built for her special needs and
she Is rejoicing in it. It is short and
full and is one of the ncr tost and pret
tiest skirts of the season. It is built
either with or without the tunic, and It
Is made with ruffles and furbelows and
all the pretty modern trimmings of the
revived sKirt
Dancing skirts grow, shorter and
shorter, in fact.' one was sent to New
port last week which will not come be
low the- ankles of- the pretty dancer.
Its material. is. grenadine and Its color
an onion white. The figures are a soft
green and the trimmings are the color
of rose.
Onlqn white, by the way, is one of
the pretty tones. It Is, as its /name
(Implies, a greenish white, and it ' Is
dear:and pale and pretty and a color
that is immensely becoming in green
ish blondes.
Blondes, without tone in the skin
. can w.ear green and pink and one of
the handsomest gowns is a confection
in these colors. For the brunette the
tones must be a little deeper, and If
ehc be a very wise brunette she will
cling to white, for it will afford a bet
ter contrast to her Cuban beauty.
There are dancin/r skirts that look
almost like fancy' dre33. so very odd
are they, yet they are pretty. If you
go into: the nttic and get out a change
able silk and trim It with ruffles of
lace you will come very near having
one of these up-to-date dresses. And
~if, put away', you can find a pink silk
dress, all pompadour roses,, then you
will come mighty near having a gown
which will bear all the marks of the
newest dress of the season, providing
C you put a few touches'. on it, but do
not .alter its cut. The touches, are
sleeve touches, neck touches and hip
touches, for the hips must look slen
der. * - . ' '-'
• - While one Is speaking of the short
skirted dancing girl, one must not for
get that this girl wears shoes and that
they are In evidence. And such pret
ty shoes at that. ,They come in all
' colors/' green 'and 'red, 'and 'they are
found. in tones that are almost pastel.
The rage for leather is great this,
season and, while the dancing girl is
buying her shoes she adds a few other
. leather ornaments to her costume. One
of her fads Is that of a suede belt
which she matches to her shoes. With
russet Bhoes of suede, built for danc
ing, she will wear a belt of russet, thin
and clasped with a big gold buckle
right In the middle of the front
--' And there are other leather novel
ties. One 'ot these Is the suede set.
which- is worn with nice- gowns and
with shirt waist suits. It consists of
several pieces and comes in a variety
of colors. It can • be seen in cream
suede and in pale green and in a soft
•pretty -brown.- - -~
One of the handsomest of waist sets
was made of, thinnest suede. There
was a wide belt of gold brown fasten-
be shirred or. tucked as deep, as the
hips.' . But ' below that it hangs full
and plain until it is decorated around,
the foot with ruffles. • Tlrere are three;
of them, atvd they are three fingers
deep.- • At the head of each ruflle there
is v a rope shirring. '.i -' ;
. The best material for these Very full
skirts are the grenadines and voiles
end ' the of poplins and th*
sheerest of' mulls and lawns. Trutft
to tell they make a person look short
and fat, anti there is no living woman
who desires £uch a contingency.' -;>»v.
, But \vhere t!:ere is a will there is a>
way tnd the woman who wears j a
round skiit and who looks short and
stout in it. can lengthen her figure by
lengthening her belt line. '.- ~ •
' This is easily done. • Put en. your
rourd skirt and hcok It around, your
waist. Now] put on your blouse. s coat
and pull it duwn in front. Pull i^s
... ¦ ¦ '¦). ' '
low as possible and fasten it with a
short hat pin or with any kind of a
patent fastener you may happen to
•have handy.
It Is now time to put on your belt.
Throw It around your waist, pull it
low in front and fasten it with a fancy
'pin. This will give the long, full low
\vaist curve which you so much de
sire.
There Is a clever way ot accomplish
ing this same feat with a shirt wcist.
Put on the shirt waist and pull It low
in the middle of.^he front. Now put on
the. skirt and let it dip in front. The
front dip Is fashionable even with the
round skirt and many of the 1330 skirts
are cut with a very low point in front,
though perfectly round otherwise.
.The garnets true of the I860 skirts.
Though they are full and round, they
are, cut | with the dip In front. This
dip", which is made by scooping out the
front of the skirt in a big curve, is
j*;i<~v - ¦ - ' --••¦"¦¦.-¦ . ;
ed with a bis brass harness buckle.
Then there was a narrow turnover
stock of golden brown suede. Then
came leather bands for the wrists. A
set of this kind would be very smart
over a golf' suit and particulirly fin«»
over a. linen suit for any outing pur
pose, such as coaching or automobil
lng.
One might make thene sued? seta
with a piece of thin leather for ma
terial. There' is the longr. wid<\ soft
strip for the belt. It is not finished
upon either edge, but is plain anil
neat. Then there ai;e the suede bands
for the sleeves and the neck. These
can be worn over nice dre33es, for they
are very smart.
While speaking: of the fancies of the
summer girl, one must not forget to
mention the granny shawls which are
to be so much worn this season. They
come in every color and are made of
almost even'' material under the sun.
And th<-r can bi bought in knitted
goods, in cashmere ar.cl in ths heavier
shawl stuffs. There can also be ob
tained the granny shawl with the thin
stripe and the old-fashioned shawl
with the crepe stripe.
The typical granny shawl is perfect
ly square. It must be folded so that
the point comes down in the middle of
the back, and it is to be thrown around
the shoulders and fastened upon the
bust in the middle of the chest. It can
be secured with a big old-fashioned
cameo .pin, which is the smart fasten
ing for it.
Eut there are other ways to wear
the granny shawl and one of these is
folded long and thrown - around the
shoulders. This shawl hangs down in
front and passes under the arms in
stead of over them. Then there is the
granny shawl which is worn in Cuban
fashion, throws* around the head and
draped around land across the shoul
ders. Any woman who was a .bella
twenty years ago will tell you how to
do it.
And as for the shawls themselves.
What intricacies of knitting do they
show, what variety of pattern, what
wonders of silk and wool, all cunningly
intermingled. There are shawls knit
ted as fine as a web and in "the midst
of the . webbing there are marvelous
flowers all crocheted by hand, and
In many of the shawls there Is an ap
plique of roses and there are strips of
lace cunningly set.
But to turn from the other question
of dress to the one of shoes is not a
difficult matter, for shoes are conspicu
ous this year by reason of the short
skirts, and the woman of the season is
Indulging In a variety of shoes, one
pair for each costume. There are shoes
for every occasion, and each pair of
shoes seems prettier than the last. One
of the neatest pair of ties recently seen
was made In a golden brown shade.
with Cuban heels. These are a little
higher than the military and a little
lcwer than the Spanish. They are very
neat and display the instep charming
ly. Hosiery to exactly match the 3hoes
was worn, and there were stockings
with web so- filmy as to seem more like
lace than like stockings.
But the smartest thing of all is the
summer girl's pumps. These are cut on
precisely the same lines as a man's
dancing pumps.* They are cut very
low and are worn without string or
button. The feet are slipped into them
and the girl walks off.
The difficulty with this kind of shoe
is that it is very hard to keep on.
Since it Is not tied on and since it has
nq buttons, _li slips off the feet very
easily, and " the summer girl in her
walking pumps Is apt to step out of
them and walk away in her stocking
feet/ • .} ;¦; :
But one must expect certain troubles
If one would be In the style, and the
fact that .the pumps come In tan leath
er/In Russia, In patent leather and in
all sorts of suede, glazed and unglazed.
shows that they will be popular the
coming summer. -.-. •
There is more and more of a ten
dency : to wear the very low tie and
the low shoe that is fastened with a
big buckle In the front. The colonial
slipper is well known and It Is re
vived this year and is worn with and
without the big 9 tongue. Then there
is 'the low tie with just three lace
holes instead 'of a dozen. There is
also the tie which is cut high in the
back and low in the front and which
is extremely smart for out-of-door
wear.
' For the house, as a dancing slipper,
a great variety of ties are worn. There
are ties with strappings across the
front and there are shoes that have
fancy fastenings of buckles and but
tons. There are oddities In Jet danc- -
ih£ shoes and there are dainty, pretty
lUHe "things in satin with contrasting
buckles and bows. J , v
Taking it all in all. after a study of
the week's styles, one can safely affirm
three things. First, that the fashions
have changed wonderfully. This is a
fact which must be evident to the
casual observer. Second, that skirts
are more important than waists and
dominate the style of the dress more
completely.
In addition to the skirts there are
other things to be noted. Sleeves are
growing not only a little fuller, but
a little rtiffer. It Is almost as though
there were crinoline in the air, for one
of the new sleeves Is a leg o* mutton
with the leg part very full and almost
stiff. The fullness Is created by tha
cut of the material, but. all the same,
the effect is rather startling, for the
arm sets as though in a balloon*, with
the big part of the balloon directly at
the elbow. There is another new
sleeve and this Is made with three big
stiff folds of cloth. These folds are
sewed upon one edge, while the upper
edge sets out to make a nice full trim
ming.
There Is another thing to be noted.
and that la the prevalence of the ruf
fle. Skirts are ruffled with their own
goods and with lace, the lace ruffle
falling over the other ruffle.. Sleeves
are ruffled In the same manner, and
one sees ruffles of lace falling ovsr
ruffles of the goods, three or four al
ternate ruffles making tip the sum'uiiJ
substaance of the sleeves.
And there is another feature to b«
noted, not strictly new, but" sufficiently
pronounced to be conspicuous, and this
is the fichu trimmings. Waists are
decorated with fichus of thin stuffs
bordered with a ruffle of lace. This is
tied around the shoulders ' in the
quaintest possible style. • white the
front is fastened into a rosette, in the
middle of which i3 set a fancy :tona
or pin. - - *
But why try to tell all .the moves of
Dame Fashion? Sufficient to the week
are the novelties and more than suf
ficient unto the average purse i» the
cost.
THE SAN FRANCISCO -SUNDAY CALL'.
THE SHORT SKIRTED
GIRL OF 1904
10Bathing . Suits iFrom
6ahtner,& Mattern.
by the distinguished Englishman who,
after traveling in this country a # num
ber of years ago, went home and told
his friends that the American nation
was made up of 40,000,000 people, mostly
fools. But it is surprising how many
persons there are about us. Begin
to-morrow and make a tally of * the
ones whom you come across during
next * week and see how large a list
you" will have by Saturday night.
And yet I feel like entering a plea for
the crank and. the heretic, not for the
malicious, harmful-,, specimen of the
class, but for the man who has thought
himself out of , the 'beaten track, who
has come conscientiously to espouse
present the skirt is pleated and perfect
ly round. Devoid, by the wa;*, of trim
ming of any kind, vith the exception
of three or four tucks at the bottom
of a very, very short Ekirt. So short
are the Frsnch skirts, In fact, that the
knickerbockers are quite a consider
ation and must be trimmed and be ruf
fled.
The waist, nine times out of ten. Is
fitted over a low corset and is a shaped
affair, trimmed with stitched bands of
tv.-o or more colors and frequently
heavily embroidered with contrasting
milks. Her hair is becomingly and
properly dressed and it is really the
least of her troubles, for It never by
any unhappy chance is disarranged or
wet. and It rarely has the opportunity
to even be sun-kissed.
Caps are entirely unknown, besides
thty are homely as a rule, and it never
is the business of a born coquette to
appear at any time or place excepting
she 13 at her level best.
However, she doesn't . take any
chances for freckles on her nose and a
ekin that is brown and burned would
never, never do, bo ehe considers It her
bounden duty to purchase the niftiest,
fullest sunshades in the shops. They
serve admirably as hats when tilted
at the most becoming angles.
Certainly no one could expect her to
travel over the sand's from the bath-'
bouse to the water without' a -fluffy,
covering. So ml Iadi • orders a military
cape that reaches the ground and' as
H is always of a delicate shade it
looks far more like an opera cloak
than anything else, though her bare
feet, peeping in and out, causes one
to stop and wonder for an eighth of
a 6econd. For a French woman, be
It known, never wears stockings when
In bathing. It's really too much of
a nuisance. Instead she sticks her
feet into white canvas sandals and
saunters slowly on her way followed
by a train of ardent admirers, who
carry everything from a camp chair
to a fan. for sitting idly in the sun
frequently causes mlludi not a little
exertion. ..
Fancy a girl who cared a flg for a
championship taking her daily plunge
In such a bathing suit. She doesn't
want certain rites performed and so
frequently steals into the surf when
half the summering world is still
asleep.
Her suit, by the way. is distinctly
characteristic and one that she has
evolved to suit herself. In the first
place, her first and chief requirement
Is that it shall be absolutely comfort
able and in order to be this it must
be of material that will retain little
or no water. At best, no fabric Is
sieve-like. Taffeta. China silk and
satin are. expensive at the beginning,
but if they .are' a good quality and are
well made and properly, cared for they
will easily stand the wear and tear of
several seasons. * -No suit will retain its
freshness and color* If it Is not nnsed
out in fresh water and hung in tha
shade to dry. The salt Invariably
gives a rusty tone and even the smart
est will look old early In" the season.
China silk Is soft and sheds the
water nicely, but it has one objection,
and If one has to economize. It is a
decidedly weighty ' one. Undergar
ments of the same color, most be worn,
so an additional mite is added to the
summer's expense.
The of wearing corsets and
girdles is one that each and every wo-,
man must settle fo-r' herself. Yet what
a bit of foolishness they are. *No mat
ter if they are loose, /there, is never
the same freedom and the same liberty
and the woman who expects to «eally
swim would about . as soon think of
having her skirt made with a train.
However, a rust proof girdle has
been Invented and, for that matter, an
astounding array of swimming clothes
that are warranted to prove most al
luring. ' Even though all these acces
sories are fashioned of net and feather
bone, every ounce counts and the addi
tional weight, if nothing else, makes
the ardent' swimmer hesitate.
. Of all suits the -red mohair are the
smartest, particularly when made with
a shirred or pleated' skirt. An especial
ly fit one has a full shirred skirt and
an" 'elastic' girdle, also shirred, which
gives a pretty outline to the figure. The
waist is simplicity itself. Bather round
in . the : throat , and ¦ full as any baby
.waist" that \ ever > was fashioned. Even
the sleeves carry out the same shirred
effect and it la only a matter of cour
tesy that -dubs them sleeves at all, for
they are scarcely bigger than a minute.
Navy blue Is a popular color for suits
and one of the prettiest designs shows
a flock of gulls flying across the skirt
and waist. . And by ; the way, perhaps
you -. did , not ' know ' that , bathing suits
tire designed, especially If one is willing
to" pay- a couple of dollars extra. The
£-p» HE crank and the heretlo are
I always emerging. Now and
I again they flash across the
X stage of action, and circum
stances give them national notoriety
for' a time. More often in the ebb and
flow of daily life we run up against
somebody whom we pronounce, perhaps
on snap Judgment, perhaps as the re
sult of Intimate previous knowledge, a
crank or a heretic They are not so
numerous as they -were affirmed to be
Be charitable, then. In your Judgment
of this type of persons. • It Is a bare
possibility that in the Judgment of
some of your friends you may ha a
crank or a heretic in some one partic
ular of faith or of life, if not In a good
many. Bnt don't be one simply for the,
sake of getting your name in the news
papers. It never pays to pose 'In this
particular. The world is willing to be
led out into larger truth and light, but
the world is too old and too clever to
be I«>ng humbugged. In the long run
it will deal fairly by its cranks and its
heretics. If they are right-minded.
right-hearted men and women., tha
world may build their monuments after
death, and perhaps it may praise them
while they live. THE PARSON.
some unpopular Idea, who is dead set
upon some great reform and wonders
why the rest of us do not hurry up
and come to his point of view, who
really believes that he has gotten hold
of a new and satisfying truth or seen a
vision of what this world might ba if
only people thought as he did and were
ready to act with him.
In all such cases we ought t» try to
get at the real center of tha man, to
find cut If ha has. despite, or It may bo
In some cases because of, his fads the
real root of the matter in hlta: that is,
is he, after all. a squar*. clean, kind,
earnest man? The other day a cousin
of mine returned from a distant State
to his former home. I had not seen him
for twenty years. I had a faint Idea
that he had been Imbibing some Ideas
not quite congenial to me, and when we
sat down by the fire one evening to
talk over the past, present and future
I soon discovered that he was a thor
ough-going Socialist. That he had come
honestly to such a position I could not
doubt, that he could champion It co
gentJy the course of the evening's dis
cussion proved. But what pleased mo
best was the man's courtesy, dignity
and unmistakable sincerity and good
ness.* I felt that, whatever his Intel
lectual convictions, he was rooted la
right living and that his heart was
overflowing with sympathy, with th«
needs of his fellow men. As between
such a man and another whose ideas
are perfectly orthodox, but who cares
little for his fellow men, I am very sure
which I should choose as comrade and
ally.
But besides trying to appreciate the
fact that real goodness of life ls^not
dependent upon this or that theory, we
ought to be willing to examine the
ideas which our cranky and heretical
friends hold. For one, for Instance, to
undertake to combat the single tax the
ory without having read the classic on
the subject. Henry George's "Progress
and Poverty," would be as foolish as it
is to argue against Christianity without
having read the New Testament. It Is
well* to remember that frequently In
history the heresy of yesterday becomes
the orthodoxy of to-day. The world gets
on- In its thinking because every now
and then a Kepler, a Galileo, a Mar
coni, a Drummond/ a Briggs. a Lyman
Abbott dares to deviate from the ordi
nary highway, of thoughts to venture
Into unexplored regions, and to broach
theories not yet substantiated by fact.
Such men often are the pioneers of
great advance in the material, the In
tellectual, and the moral life of man
kind. We are all a good deal better
off • with the right sort of cranks and
heretics than we should be without
them.
CRANKS AND HERETICS
By The Parson
the side Is apropos. Plain* with, per
haps, the exception of a ¦ pretty silk
braid, a yoke of tucks and a few in
the skirt, < It is the simplest garment
imaginable. • \Zi~f '*. '¦', ;•
And * sweet simplicity, mind you, is
frequently far more trying than yards
and yards of frills and furbelows. The
suit that is badly cut may be made
presentable • by trimmings and a few
adroit stitches here and there, but the
severe costume stands forth on Its
merits alone, and if it Is good it is
very, very good, and If It Is bad it is
horrid.
Occasionally one sees a swagger
white suit, embroidered in gay colors,
for the heavy Bulgarian embroidery or
the\ popular cross stitch is employed
and 'permits of two, three and some
times four brilliant colors. Generally
speaking, the trimming runs from the
collar to the belt and a narrow strip
finishes the sleeves, but it Is seldom
found In the skirt. " Instead of an em
broidered belt, a gayly colored braided
silk one is frequently chosen, for It Is
soft and pliable and makes a decidedly
Polka dot suits are fetching when
trimmed, with stitched bands of red
or blue, especially, if the waist does not
boast of- a sailor collar, as so many
of .them. do. Instead, a round yoke
with the body of the waist fulled on
and stitched is a pretty idea and a far
newer, one, though It, is much more
trying. than the square, collars, for if
one Is very slender It adds Us mite and
covers up a multitude of deficiencies.
For the girl who can wear It, a fitted
skirt is chic and neat. .Again It does
not. require nearly as much material
as the plaited ones and is,, as a conse
quence, much lighter in weight. It
flU tightly about the hips, but Is cut
to form a ' wide flare at the bottom.
With- this - the -waist that- buttona op
house calls , Its . designer . and : she ob
serves . the general style,*: tnV figure »r d
the. coloring -and "then she ; ; promptly
«e|s' to 5 work with' ner r pencil and
paints^ In two or three', days gayly
colored ' plates are being delivered by
Uncle Sam, and all that 'remains for
mlladl fastidious Is to ring up the shop
and:, order the red, the' blue or the
white/ according to ' • her fancy. So
much - for exclusiveness. ¦
• The girl who likes to' be seen gen
erally, selects a white, suit with a great
anchor in black for its sole decoration.
And right fit it " is, - too, when worn
with -black stockings,, white . sandals
and a: black and white silk checked
cap. .. ¦'" -
Another swell suit is mads of white
mohair and trimmed with the popular
fleur de lis. All about the bottom of
the skirt they go and smaller ones
form -the trimming of the collar and
waist. .A black belt that buttons se
curely In place completes the outfit,
and really one would have to travel
many a weary block to see a prettier,
smarter beach costume.
OF all the numerous frills and
furbelows, the one that possesses
the most individuality and that
is thoroughly imbued with the
characteristics of the nation from which
It halls, the bathing suit stands first
and foremost. The picturesque cos
tumes worn by the peasants and the
garments that told the date by their
color, their cut and their make ara
passing rapidly away, but the bathing
suit with its irrepressible individuality
crcps up again and again and portrays
Instantly the race of both the maker
and tha wearer.
The American girl who dives Into
ind fairly revels in the water wants
something that is chic and serviceable
at the same time. Not so the French
lassie. She goes to the beach because
It is fashionable, and she dons a bath-
Ing suit because it is consistent and
because it reayy is vastly becoming..
In the first place, she knows quite
well that she need not consider the dur
ability of the material, for If shV
ehould get into thej surf to the depths
of her dainty ankles it would be en
tirely by mistake. .»
The French woman that swims Is. a
rare exception. Forsooth, the French
woman that goes In for any sort of
athletics is little short of a # wonder if
she possesses beauty and money, and a
positive freak if she was endowed with
a plain fae* and a flat pocket-book.
The fashionable woman needs an en
tire outfit; such a one. In fact, as would
drive the average American or German
girl to distraction. In the first place,
her suit frequently is made of some
daintily colored taffeta and.. just at
Red is a charming color for the girt
who can wear it prettily, but let her
think twice before^flnally choosing It,
for the glare of the water and the tan
that she so quickly acquires, when
combined with the rosy reflection from
the red make her look more llko a
lobster than anything else on earth. A
suit of red silk, fashioned to look Ilka
the Greek peplum, is one of the most
attractive shown. The trimming is of
white silk braid and of an old pattern.
The stockings are of red silk and the
mob cao\)f the same color, but It sits
at an angle that Is anything but Greek
in effect.
Shoes mean not a little to ths sum
mer girl and she has her choice of
three distinct and separate types. Soft
leather, in a dull gray, are good and as
the soles are perforated are light and
comfortable. Besides this, there are
the tan leather sandals that are essen
tially Roman. They really are not
meant for the water, but for beach
wear and so are not so serviceable as
the white canvas sandals that strap
about the limb and tie Just under the
knee in a saucy bow. Toe sandals hava
two good qualities— they save tha feet
and they save the stockings, which is
somewhat of an item to the girl who
takes her dally dip.
Hats and sunbonnets are worn mor*
than ever before, for the seaside lassla
has come to tha edifying conclusion
that it is not absolutely necessary for
ner nose to peel or to be tipped a glow-
Ing shade of crimson. Besides this, she
discovered to her everlasting satisfac
tion that a pretty sunshade gave her
unexpected opportunities and chance*
and that she could flirt outrageously
with tha chap who chanced to ba in
a bee line and no one else ba tha wiser.
Even If the American girl has begged,
borrowed or stolen some trifla for her
bathing suit from every other nation
under the shining sun. she. herself, is
still tha same and. In a measure. It is
her freedom of movement and her
daintiness of dress which hava won for
her the distinction of carrying oft
every trophy at a seashore beauty
contest.
Most of the sleeves en this season's
¦uits are very short, m fact, they are
puffs, and very scant ones at that. Mora
often than not a tiny sle-v* does
sot boast of a single rather and
Is in the neighborhood of three or four
Inches in length. Sleeves that com* to
the elbow certainly afford a little mor*^
protection, but it must be admitted ara
not as smart appearing: or as comfort
able. Yet there Is one way to jet
around this difficulty. Long silk glqves
or _ mitts will keep the hands and arms
from burning, but as mors than hyif
the pleasure in bathing comes from
romping and playing, gloves ara an
annoyance, unless one's skin Is espe
cially sensitive to the sun.
¦. • - ¦ - •
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL. -
THE ERILLS
OF THE
SEASHORE
GIRL
11THEvSAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAIX.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
F LOWERS natural and artiOcI.nl are the boon
of the summer girl. Instead of adding Hy
ing streamer* and pretty fluffy whatnots
to her costume she sallies forth into ths
garden duly armed with folssors and gloves
and gravely makes h?r selection. Ued, blue or
pink, and n<»v.- and then green by way of variety.
Then, as a consequence, her choice of frocks and
Its accessories are governed according to the vari
ety find color of. the blossom?.
And right smart the effect is. The girl of a
twelve-month :ij?o donned a white sown, clipped
a Mt of crimson and tucked it cunningly in her
belt. Tho one touch of vivid color made her com
pletely.
But th«» wrinkle that Old beautifully ffir last
ye;ir i? a <li=nnl failure for this one. She mast
adopt some newer, some mor«- original ideas £n
order t<» male 1 h*r rampaisn successful.
To begin with she relegated the great fluffy
hairbo-.v to ths darkest • orn»r of her closet. It
was distinctly passe. And then because she had
made fo much over these self-same bows and be
cause they were so vastly becoming, she \vis?ly
cast her eye about for a suitable substitute. Flow
ers were the very thins ;:nd accordingly she fc # ot
her nimble nnrer« Lo work fashioning wreaths of
rose?, of the humble f«>rget-m?-not and. In fact,
of every Kowor that was small a:ic would lend
Itself to her scheme. A soft baby gown made of
Clingins white rr.ulle she soon discovered to be
swept and finish and wh°n croavned with 'the
simple. Inexpensive wreath, two or three roses slip
ped comfortably away and her cup of happiness
«as full to overflowing.
The jrirl who -.vu:= bknsed v.ith a wealth of black
hair and h pair of dark eyes, thought blue too
tame and too modest aad retiring:. She wanted
Something more dashing: something that wouM
attract attention to herself, and after that she felt
amply able to hold St. So she borrowed the great
red rose m-.tl placed it en an angle of forty-five
degrees and somewhere In the vicinity of her
right ear and there It nestled and rrlowed and cre
ated endless panjrs and .«i>aams of jealousy.
But blossoms had been utilized In this way since
the year one and she refused to be so primitive.
She went to the country and helped herself
plentifully to rustic ideas. The flowers that she
had always considered merely ornamental were
not regarded «.< eminently useful. And. what was
more to the point, scandalously cheap and near
at hand.
i?o miladi straightway made a foundation eollnr
and a girdle that would match her frocks. Some
thing: duly featherbor.es. something snug and fitted
and dOmething that would withstand the ravages
of the bib. Thai much accomplished she breathed
a great sigh of relief, for her day's work was n\
movt complete. Blossoms were duly considered
as to time, place ;i!.d color anJ chosen accord
ingly.
If «he intended dropping: in at Mrs. So-and-^o's
about Imlf after four and enjoying a gossipy chat
with her frir-nc!s, she selected a pory that would
not droop and hang: Its head for very shame ten
minutes aftir it had been securely fastened in it"
allott'Sd place. The dainty forget-me-not, for in
stance. t--jts up and glmces inquiringly about ewsi
after it has been exposed to gas light for two or
more hours. Snipping h<?.-3 and dipping there,
with a *»tit'-h occasionally to hold tJT»m firmly
topethrr. «he fashioned a collar and a be:t tint
kert her neighbors sa»s?ins for some littte tim
and nnnlly turned them green with envy. Her
hat. a simplt white straw, with perhaps a fall of
lace peeking over the brim In a coquettish man
ner, was embelllfhed Sn the same way. not with
a wreath necessarily, but with a duster that stil!
epark>d v.ith de-.v ;ist1 that retained ftll its fre3h,
wholesome sweetness.
As every on? knows full r.ell. no costume is
complete withovt a saucy parasol. In fact, it
is the last finishing touch that throws a ro?v glow
over miladi .-.nd her froclt.
But does she carelessly j.ick uo that creation of
blue and white, tilt It at ¦ bewitching angle and
•walk demurely down the street and into the heart
of the first man she nr'ets? Xo. Not ihis year.
"When sh*- comes in from the g'lrden her arms are
heavily laden with pretty pretties and the pride of
her heart would be the very last thing on earth
thtit she would willingly neglect. With a pretty
bow. already tied and slipped over the handle and
held In place by means of an elastic, she ties a
great cluster of the same flowers, plentifully gar
landed with (jreens. to the handle, and then
whether s=he ho!5s it carelessly in her hands
THE ART OF APPLYING A
POULTICE (S. J. B.). — When the doc
tor advises the application of a poul-
WOMEN ATTRACTIVE AT FIFTY
(I* D.VS.).— Even if - a woman has
reached the age of fifty she should not
give up the effort to be attractive, but
try by. every means In her power to
Improve, or at least to preserve, her
face and form. Much can be done If
she will, persevere, for science haa
, TREATING AN OILY SKIN (Em
ma B.). — It is impossible to lay down
any cut and dried rules which will ap
ply to all persons similarly afflicted.
While the sam« general rules should
be observed as the basis of action, it
often is imperative to vary these rules
to fit individual cases. For example:
To • say that warm water and soap
should never be used but once a day
on the face is absurd. In ordirtary
cases of oily gkin a thorough scrubbing
before retiring with warm, soapy
water and cold or tepid water in the
morning and during the day will keep
the face In fine condition, but when the
eecretton is very great, as Is usually
the case in young or very robust per-
opened so many doors whereby the
ravages of time may be driven out.
Frequent visits to the dentist and the
scientific massage of face and body
will take off years, not only Improv
ing the appearance, but greatly bene
fiting the general health Exercise
freely out of doors and do not
overeat. As a rule the reverse
order prevails, hence the ten
dency to embonpoint with Increas
ing years. Far too many women give
up all idea of physical culture at an
early age and settle down to an unat
tractive old aje as if it was a natural
heritage. While it is true that youthful
beauty is a fleeting possession, there
is a mellow type of comeliness which
comes only with years and dignity of
bearing which is truly beautiful. Dress
plays an Important part in every
woman's life and Is an element that
cannot be safely neglected or abused.
Breakfast was omitted and the time
usually spent over that meal was used
In the air taking a brisk walk. On
getting out of bod in the morning a
quick sponge bath in cold water was
followed by a brine rub down. Then,
clad in a- short walking skirt, soft felt
hat and 'comfortable shoes she started
out and walked briskly -for half an
hour by her watch. On returning
home she engaged in her regular oc
cupations until 13 o'clock, when a light
luncheon was eaten. Thla, 'consisted
of a small cupful of clear broth, broiled
steak or lean chops, one vegetable, but
never potatoes, Graham. . bread, j fresh
or stewed fruit or a green salad.. A
moderate amount of water was drunk
during the day, but no liquids were>
taken at meals. Rich greasy foods,
fat meats, sweets .and ' cereals, except
in very small quantities, were strictly
tabooed , at all times. She confessed
that for the first week she felt the need
of. breakfast greatly and to overcome
the faint feeling resorted to a glass of
hot water sipped slowly, on returning
from the walk. Since . reducing her
weight twenty-flve pounds Bhe has
taken up breakfast again, but.it con
sists of one baked tart apple and a
very small piece of dry toast. The re
duction seems permanent since her
weight has I remained the same for the
past three years and her health all
that can be desired. While this is a
method within the reach of all I would
suggest 'that the change In diet be
more gradually made, for the radical
change may be too severe. for all per
sons. < • "
DINING-ROOM NOTES (Mrs. N. M.
REDUCING WEIGHT HEALTH
FULLY (Harriet).— A successful rer
duct ion of weight which came under
my observance was that of a noted
platform speaker. At forty years old
she was quite stout and her bulk great
ly interfered with her work. Being a
woman of determination she set about
getting rid of the burden and, at the
end of a month the scales showed a
reduction of four pounds, while at the
end of six months she had reduced her
weight twenty-five pounds. When tell
ing me of her success she remarked
that she had never felt better, and she
looked it. This Is the way It was done.
Rons, the warm, soapy face bath must
be used twice a day or the result will
be an accumulation of hideous black
heads. To determine the need of the
morning ablution, examine the face im
mediately upon rising. If a decidedly
oily deposit is noticed,* especially about
the nose and forehead, visibly to the
eye or readily felt with the' fingers,
use j warm water freely, following it
by a cold rinsing, for the accumulation
of waste matter thrown off during the
hours of sleep must be removed. Two
or three times during v the day,- when
the face looks oily, sponge or wipe it
with a piece of soft linen, wet with a
solution of alcohol and water, a most
excellent absorbent of fat and a good
tonic- if the alcohol is of the best quali
ty. Two parts of water to one part
of alcohol is the usual strength, ~ but
it must be weaker if the skin smarts
greatly after application. A. few drops
of one's favorite perfume may be add
ed if desired. .
G.).— Over -furnishing, like over-dress
ing, seems to have .become a mania
with many "American h'ousewives. The
woman who must depend upon ordi
nary servants soon finds her household
gods a nuisance instead of the Joy she
had planned, and energy and time is
spent in a ceaseless routine of clean
ing and rearrangement which might be
spent more profitably In rest or In
mental uplifting. If the multifarious
possessions seem essential, compromise
by putting them in the least trouble
some form. The modern dining-room,
with open 'cabinets and plate shelves
filled with china, is all very beautiful,
but a souice of slavery to mistress and
maids, so do not furnish your home la
this manner unless you are ,sutq of an
abundance of good help at all times.
Instead of exposing a mass of plates,
cups, etc., on open shelves, have only
such ornaments as can be well cared
for. Bear In mind that the silver and
the dishes In regular use means a good
deal of work, so do not add to the
worM of yourself or servant needlessly.
Invest in two or three china cabinets,
with artistically leaded glass doors,
and In them keep the dainty china, out
of the dust. This plan will save not
only time, but much breakage, and the
china will be ready for use at all times.
Furthermore, you cannot depend upon
using much of the shelf china, for a gap
is quickly seen, so that, after all, they
are merely decorations. The. rich col
ors of the wood and china should sup
ply the color scheme for your dining
room. .
tice the fastidious woman shudders at
the thought of the mussy thing, and
with good reason, for, as usually ap
plied, the mass eoon adheres to eyery'
thing except the right spot, and th*
annoyance and dampness do the
patient more harm than the poultice
does good. Try this plan and ydu will
vote It a success. Take thin chtese
cloth and make a bag long and wide
enough to cover the affected spot;
then make the poultice and pour it
into the bag, using a wide-neck tunnel
to avoid soiling the bag. Fold the
end of the bag over and sew with
coarse cotton thread; thl* will keep
the contents of the bag where il wilt
not bother the patient. Flatten the
poultice out by patting it between the
hands, lay next to the. skin and cover
with a wide band of flannel securely
pinned in place. If the patient is rest
less it is wise to pin the poultice bag
to the flannel band, then It cannot
possibly slip out of place. Be sure
to use only the best safety pins bo
there will be no Irritation from pin
points. These may seem trifling mat
ters, but they mean a good deal to a
sick person.
To assist In keeping the poultice
hot fill a small waterbag with hot
water and lay outside the flannel band.
When a continuous moist heat is de
sired for some hours fill two pr three
poultice bags and keep hot over a
kettle of boiling water. Keep plenty
of dry flannel bands handy, using a
fresh one as needed, for they assist
greatly In keeping both patient and
bed comfortable and dry.
When you feel that the lungs are
filled, gently and slowly 'exhale until
the lungs are empty. Then repeat the
exercise. Never practice directly after
& meal, but allow at least an hour and
a half to elapse.
EXERCISES IN DEEP BREATH
ING (Julia). — .To strengthen the
lungs, fi'.i out a Hat chest and to tone
up the whole system deep breathing is
•wonderfully effective. A woman finds
It very difficult to derive the full
benefits of deep breathing if the exer
cises .ire taken while fully dressed, al
though Bhe must do the best she can
when out in the open air. Spend a
quarter of an hour or longer each
morning and evening In a thoroughly
ventilated room, before an open win
dow, and if possible be dressed in a
gymnasium suit or a wrapper and go
through the simple exercises. Attired
as suggested, the entire thorax will ex
pand with each normal breath. The
muscles must never be forced by Jiaste
or hard exertion, for the pulmonary
tlesues are likely to be injured. Do
not be alarmed if you feel dizzy after,
a few trials of deep breathing, but as
eoon as the feeling is noticed rest un
til the sensation passes off, then begin
the exercises over again. Practice
only for a few minutes at a time at first
and at no time practice until you are
on the verge of breathless fatigue.
Stand erect, head and chest raised,
arms resting easily at the eides. then
eloxvly draw in a full, gentle inspira
tion. As the diaphragm descends, by
Its contraction it presses down the
abdominal viscera immediately be
neath it and thereby enlarges the ca
pacity of the chest in that direction,
allowing the lungs to expand. At the
fame time the muscles of the ribs con
tract and draw them upward and out
ward. The chest being thus enlarged,
downward by the diaphragm and
laterally by the "muscles of the ribs,
gives the Jungs room to stretch out
and expand, which they do. As the
air rushes In, first the abdomen ex
pands, then the Rides and back and
lastly the entire chest.
opened or over her shoulder, or even • trailing
gently along her gown, the blossoms are always
evident and always from the desired -ontras;
•which Is her particular aim In life if she were but
honest enough to own It.
The smart little cane that the girl who affects
all things English switches about and taps her
friends playfully on the shoulder with no longer
boasts of a severe plainness. Instead of being
used for Itself alone it has been turned Into a
convenience and carries the glowing roses that
nearly every girl considers a part of her every
day outfit.
In every conceivable form, in all colors and in
all flowers from the gay and golden marigold with
all Its primness* to the demure sad-raced pansles;
from the vivid corn flowers to the characteristic
marguerites, each and every one. no matter how
ordinary and common It has heretofore been con
sidered, are to be found bravely doing their duty
and adding their mite cheerfully anil sweetly.
To be sure. It is not within the power of every
girl to pick and choose her daily decorations, n->r
can she always afford to buy them, but she may
at least have a generous supply laid away care
fully in her top drawer that will serve prettily
for ordinary occasions.
And she really need not feel so badly about It
either, for ribbon is used so extensively this sea
son, and in such a variety of colors, that she will
-find no great difficulty in copying any simple
flower. The most easily imitated, perhaps. Is the
rose, and it is fashioned in "this wise: Of course,
she selects her favorite color and %ha knows bet
ter than any one else what size she prefers, but
generally a number nine satin ribbon Is used and
she finds th£ product fit for all purposes.
First of all the ribbon is cut into lengths of
three or four inches so that there may be some
slight variation In the size of the petals. These
piecesfare next doubled crosswise at half their
length and the corners of the folded edge are
rolled about three times to give the curled look
that the edge of a rose petal invariably has. Then
it is caught through on the wrong side of the rib
bon so that the stitches will not show, for much
depends upon neatness in flower making. After
this the cut edges are pleated together to make
the petal cup-shaped and the whole Is securely
newed together. The centers of the rose on the
green cups that seem to be the standing point of
the stems, and the foliage itself may be purchased
at any millinery shop, or, better still, at any house
that carries a line or that makes a specialty of
paper flowers. The stems may be carefully rolled
In a green paper or covered with a green rubber
tubing, as both serve nicely, though, of course,
the tubing is more durable, but much more ex
pensive, so far as that goes.
It is the wisest move to get a rose and try to
copy it exactly, for each and every one that
blooms has its own individuality and tries to be
as different from its neighbor as possible. As each
petal is made it should be sewed to the center and
each one should overlap the next ever so slightly.
One must judge about the size of the rose, as from
three to eight petals are sufficient, though, as a
rule, the fewer used the better the results, for
crowding them always gives the rose a most un
natural appearance.
Black flowers are striking and very, very use
ful as well, for they can b« changed from one
gown to another and are slow In showing soil.
Black asters are about the easiest and the most
satisfactory ones to make, as well as being rather
Inexpensive. Half-inch black velvet ribbon is used
in the first place. Two pieces, each one inch longr
and pointed at either end. are laid across each
other and a bit of wire twisted about them to
form a item.
,Ten pieces
o f ribbon,
each an Inch
and a quar
ter long and
.pointed a t
one end ere
sewed about
this center
fcr the first
row. Each
row gets
larger in
propo r ti o n
as the flow
e r grows.
For in
stance, the
second row
was twenty bits, each ore and
three-quarters inches in !< *« h and
bo on. The 'stem is cov#f» 1 with
the same green rubber tubing, and to
make an effective flower each one
should be furnished with a strip of
preen silk, cut into a pointed fringe.
Of course, different sized asters are
made to form a spray or even a
wreath, but thev are fashioned in ex
actly the same style only on a smaller
or a larger plan.
Asters, like the great sprawly crim
son poppies, are especially fit when
worn in th*e hair as "bobs." This re
quires low dressing, and. as a rule, a
simple braided effect. One. and some
times two, flov/ers are chosen and
fastened directly under the ears, so
that they nestle in the small of the
neck. If the poppies are chosen, the
shaded effect Is never neglected, for,
while one may be a beautiful pink,
the next but one will in all probability
be a gorgeous red, and when fastened
together their tints blend splendidly
and eive a charming effect.
Daisies are dalntr, useful blossoms,
and any one that is half way handy
with a needle can turn them out whole
sale and retail. A number Uto white
satin ribbon Is necessary and the trick
seems to be in one's ability to tie
knots at spaces of two and a half
inches. After that the ribbon is caught
together at even spaces between the
knots and the flower Is practically
finished, as daisy centers may be pur
chased br the bushel. However,
French knots of yellow embroidery silk
are a good substitute, and there is
scarcely a household that cannot rum
mage about and find plenty of silk
that will serve the purpose nicely.
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
12
A BEAUTIFUL
WOMAN
Th« three requUlt** of facial beaoty «r«
rounded feature*, absent* of wrtnklts aad t
fine complexion, and she ts a wise woman,
blessed with these favors, wbo will strive
br every nseaca to preserve, or. if loit. re-
store them.
Dr. Charles Flesh food, the greatest ef,
beautLiern to-day. Is the result of years oa
study and experience by Dr. Charles, a.
physician of hlg-h standing la his profession.:
and his preparation 1* the only one la that
world recognised and Indorsed by the medW
cat fraternity. It Is positively tae only
preparation known to science which with-
out the use of medicines and tonics wtU
round out the hollowed, thin cheek oil
scrawny neck with firm, healthy flesh. For
removlnj wrinkles from the face, neck and]
bands it acts like magic — one appllcatloa
often showing- a decided Improvement, es-
pecially when the furrow Is leep.' •
For developing- the bust or to make the,
breast firm, largo and beautiful, nothing;
can • equal It. To prevent the breast from
¦ hrlr.klr.fr. mothers should always use Dr.
Oharlea Flesh Food after weaning- baby. 1^
will also restore a bosom to Us natural con-
tour and beauty lost through this cause.
We earnestly warn lad>s to arold iuN
atltutes of Dr. Charles Flesh Food.* See*
that the name and portrait of Dr. Charlesi
U on the box before purchasing. We also>
*urn ladles not to use any other cream on.
Che face, as Dr: Charles' Flesh Food Is g~uar«
anteed not to promote the growth of hair,
On sale at all the principal Department
Stores and Druggiats.
SPECIAL OFFER-?" ?r*
of Dr Charles Flesh Food ts SI CO a box. buff,
to Introduce It Into thousands of new home*
Its proprietors have decided to send two <2>
boxes to all who snswer this advertisements
and send them $1.00. All packages are sens
In plala wrapper, postage prepaid.
FREE A c *mpl« box— Jnst enough tot
I * i ¦ ?T convince rou of the great)
merit of Dr. Charles Flesh Food— will hrj
fcent free for 10 ceatj. which pays for cost
of mailing-. We win also send 7011 out)
Illustrated book. "Art of MaisagV whlob)
(contains ail the proper movements for om
•agin* the face, neck aad arms, and fall
jdlrtcUtms tor developing tae bust. Address)
DR. CHARLES CO.. 103 Faltoa St. luYotilHow to keen our husbands home and
to prevent ourselves from degenerat
ing into mere automatons, sexless, zest
less creatures, with nothing to do but
fancy work and gossiping, Is now the
problem. There are some women who
have solved it. There are, In fact, some
women who could make a home a
"home". out of a stall in a nice, clean
One of the things that a man admires
most is to see a woman fussing about
a table, . arranging flowers, stirring
something In the chafing dish, lighting
the nre over a samover or pouring
tea. Any one of these things makes
her seem wonderful and fascinating to
him — as wonderful and fascinating as
she did when they were tots and he
watched' her mix mud pies and pat
them down in h. fluted tin plate.
What makes the society girl so fond
of giving chaflng-dlsh parties and mix
ing punch or brewing afternoon tea? It
Is the coquette in her that understands
the attractiveness In the ruffle of a
dainty swlss, apron. She knows that
The woman who boards has Plenty of
ease, plenty of leisure and plenty of
mechanical comfort in these days of
modern conveniences; she has hours to
devote to her ccmplexlon, hours to give
to the arrangement of her coiffure,
days to spend at the dressmaker's and
money to spend at the beauty special
ist's. But she lacks the one charm that
makes her worth while to the man who
loves hsr— the charm of femininity. She
is like a beautiful 'jewel In an ugly set
ting. She need not wonder If her hus
band spends most of his time at the
club. A man Is like a cat; he goes
where he Is made most comfortable
and where things are most interesting
and attractive. If you want him to
curl up beside you and purr, remember
that to him any sort of make-shift
"home" Is more attractive than life In
the most expensive hotel apartment.
Just as a simple white muslin frock is
prettier in his eyes than a Paris crea
tion — and just ns a woman who can
make good coffee or a pretty sofa pil
low is more fascinating and lovable
than one who can write an essay on
protoplasm or sojve all the problems In
Euclid.
clpallty. and where no Mary Jane of
all work can Interrupt her tete-tete
across the breakfast table.
The greatest thing which the woman
who boards misses is the books and
flowers In which the woman who- has
her own home, be it ever so tiny, can
revel. In the limited space of her
cheerless room there is no p!ace fur
books and flowerpots. She cannot plant
a window box without incurring the
wrath of the landlady, who declares she
Is ruining the sill or staining the win
dows underneath. Her books are stored
away on the top shelf In the closet and
her Jardiniere Is filled with an artificial
palm as cold and unresponsive as the
boarding-house folding bed. She does
not know the fascination which a dust
brush or a watering pot holds for the
average man. and she Is not aware
that to most women a dust cap and a
feather duster are more becoming than
a tiara and a scepter. Her husband
never comes in and catches her in that
must fascinating of poses, en negligee,
with her hands flung back of her head
and her dainty slippers peeping out
from beneath frilly petticoats.
Sho is always correctly frocked. stiff
ly laced and perfectly groomed. In the
apartment hotel in winter and the sea
side hotel In summer, alike, she sits op
posite him at dinner in conventional
array with a conventional smile on her
face and a conventional remark on her
lips. He never knows the Joy of that
after-dinner moment in the library or
the boudoir, when she might bring him
his after-dinner coffee with her dainty
hands and light his cigarette with a
look In her eyes th-» would shock the
hotel diners and make the waiter won
der if they were bride and groom. He
misses the quiet little supper after tha
theater and the little flirtation over the
breakfast table. He never knows the
Joy of "kicking" because his chops are
? °«,. hte tsga to ° " oft - H1 » wife Is
to him like one of those automatic dolls
In the shop windows, who look so com
plete and beautiful in all their dainty
finery, but which never ct^ntte their
frocks or their expression and are only
for show.
a tent than to board in the. smartest
apartment hotel that charges $5 a
day and ¦ keeps . Its bellboys In gilt
braid and brass buttons.
f This is not the fault of th'e board
ing-houses. . They are better to-day
than they ever. have been. It is the'
fault of the modern woman herself.
It is Just as »asy .to make a "home"
out of "two rooms and bath" as It Is
to make It out of fourteen rooms and
a private stable; but somehow the
woman who boards forgets this. In
fact/she forgets every one of- the lit
tle - graces that once charmed . her
sweetheart and might keep 'her hus
band still charmed — a. much more dif
ficult task. She forgets how to us"e
a chafing dish or a samovar; she for
gets how to wear n fancy apron and
wield a feather duster; she forgets
how to train -a window box or make a
creton curtain. She even forgets how
to don a pretty negligee or set a vase
of roses where it will show best Go
Into the room of the average^ woman
FOR every wife who boards there
Is a husband who Is bored. For
every wife who does not know
how to make coffee there Is a
husband who forgets how to. make
love. The girl who desires to retain
her feminine fascination from the
standpoint of masculine observation
had better "play at housekeeping" in
who boards and you will feel a fit of
the blues coming over you at once,
without knowing why. The furniture
andappplritments are in perfect har
mony;-, the maid has left things In a
state of faultless neatness, and 'the
woman ; herself is gowned to the
queen's taste In , a 1 stiff Paris | frock;
but— the husband has gone out tohls
club and you do not wonder s that he
has. Ther* Is nothing In tho place to
keep him at home. The room and the
woman are like a music box without
music, a violin without strings.
Yet there are lots of.woipen who
must board. Homes are 'an expensive
luxury to-day— even apartment-house
homes. .A ninld costs "ns much per
month as a -Paris frock.* and she Is
much more easily spoiled. Between
the servant problem and. the rent
problem we are driven to the comfort
and economy of boarding-houses and
apartment holels.where we can save
something for bon buns and theater
CUkets and to meet our Insurance
dues. " . ,
stable; who could string the hay and
the corn cobs around so attractively
that the average man would consider
that particular stall a wonderful place.
There are some women who 'can enter
the most cheerless room In a cheap
boarding house, fling a frock or two
over a worn chair, light a fire lrr the
grate, pin up a few photographs,
spread their sliver over the dressing
table ' and In five minutes make the
place more attractive than an after
noon tea. party. They are the women
who have an Instinct for putting their
personality' into every place and into
everything they touch, a talent which
every truly feminine woman possesses
If she would but cultivate It.
The little "bluff" at housekeeping. th«
"playing at domesticity." which Is easy
and inexpensive and more truly fas
cinating than doing your own house
work or striving with the hired girl,
seems to be. therefore, the only solu
tion of the boarding-house problem. If
you cannot own a house and lot. you
can at least always possess a potted
plant and a coffee urn, a feather dus
ter and a tea-table.
the road to a man's heart does not
reall- lie through his stomach, but
through his eyes; and that it is not
actually the taste of her rarebits that
touches his affections, but the fact that
he has watched her mixing them and
that she has thereby been enthroned
on the little domestic hearth of hi*
Imagination.
Whether your amateur home be In a
summer camp. In a tiny bachelor Hat.
or In the third-story back of a third
rate boarding house. It Is around a
little table, covered with a white cloth.
that you must build.it.
There Is no stage setting so fascinat
ing as a breakfast table and Worth
never made a frock as attractive as a
shirt' waist suit with a little white apron
tied about it. Even the woman who
boards can have her chafing-dish, her
samovar and' her teapot, can use them
and the thousand and one little tricks
of coquetry that go with them effect
ively and can thereby make a little
"home" of her eight by ten stall. But
the wise woman will have her little
make-b«lleve home outsMe a boarding
house, tacked away somewhere all to
herself, where a man can feel like the
lord aad xnasttr of his domestic prln-
who have the reputation of giving this
reason, ' when | they, do not know how
else to diagnose the , case. Therefore,
the- parents should watch carefully
themselves and, where . they find, the
child Is studying too hard, should in
sist on the work being lessened.
build up a healthy body. The signs of
brain fag should be watched for and
the warning should be noted promptly.
If the child's head Is hot, if the ex
pression becomes one of anxious de
pression, if the forehead Is wrinkled
and the hands frequently put to the
head. If the sleep is disturbed and the
appetite Impaired there Is serious
trouble somewhere. It 'is the parents'
duty to pee where the trouble Is. On
the other hand, the parents must not be
too ready to permit the trouble to be
blamed on study. Probably not more
than one case out of twenty reported
can be shown to be the result of too
much school work. Very frequently It
is lack ' of sleep, music lessons, parties
and other affairs which make it .Im
possible for the child "to have the
proper rest which the growing body,
demands. . • -
It will generally be found that the
doctors who complain most of the over
pressure of work In rchool • are those
Who can give any good reason why
so many parents are anxious that their
children should be precocious? Precoc
ity means early ripening. The same
parents would have no use for prema
ture peaches. Why, then, should they
wish to have their children | develop
prematurely? Surely nothing but Ig
norance can account for each a sense
less desire. The present 'civilization
tends to hasten unduly the developing
human being. Much care must there
fore be taken by parents in this re
spect.
It Is a grand, good thing that very
few of those supposed to be precocious
are really so. Most parents are only
too willing to believe that their chil
dren are a little brighter than those of
their neighbors. This Is but natural.
None but the foolish, vain or Ignorant
would urge their children forward In
the hope that they might appear pre
cocious. History falls to furnish ex
amples of great men or great women
who were really precocious in youth.
On the contrary, the patient plodders
are the ones who generally win life's
victories. History Is full of examples
of great men who were considered far
below the average ability while In
school. What good reason, then, . is
there for parents Insisting upon their
children being hurried in their develop
ment? Why do we do that which will
result In so unduly awakening self-es
teem and self-assertion as to make the
poor victims almost unbearable? The
child's mind Is bound to be active. This
Is natural. The Injury comes from
overtaxing It with matters which are
beyond its comprehension or keeping it
under strain for too many hours. ¦
! Great care should be taken that a
child's mind does not develop at the
expense of Its body. As has been said
before, the most important thing Is to
from the consideration of love of his
earthly parents to that of his heavenly
father.
As the children grow older It is not
expected that they will spend much of
their time In play. At this stage they
will need more attention from their
parents that the better training may
be. given. Many will longer remem
ber with great pleasure the sacred
songs sung at a certain hour each Sun
day. Certainly, but few parents are so
busy on Sunday thnt they cannot give
some time to the reading or teaching
of stories, nnd In other ways interest
their children.
So far nothing has been said about
attending services. Every young child
may find pleasure In attending Sunday
school. When old enough to taks In
terest In ond receive benefit from the
church services It Is well that chil
dren should get into the habit of at
tending these services. However, pa
rents should remember that It Is far
harder for the children to remain still
any length of time than for adults,
unless the services arc very Interest-
Ing. Parents, how do your children
look forward to Sunday? The true
answer to this question will determine
whether or not you have given the
subject the attention that Its Import
ance demands.
What about planting faith in chil
dren? You need not do It. It Is al
ready there. Children naturally have
faith In their parents. All, we need to
do is to show children \ why every
child should have faith In God. By
faith they may be taught the pro
foundest truths of the Bible. How
early the little ones may be taught
that God loves good children! How
happy they are to learn that their
good actions please not only their pa
rents, but their heavenly father as
well!
The training of a child's faith Is one
of our most Important duties. The
happiness and the usefulness of chil
dren will largely depend upon" their
faith. '
be different from other days. The
young children should have different
plaything?, different games, different
dolls and be dressed differently. Thus
the child may, quite easify. learn to
look forward with pleasure, rather
than with dread, to the coming of
Sunday. Some parents have found It
to be an excellent idea to keep certain
articles, candy and other special Sun
day features, in a special room, closet
or bureau drawer. As the child grows
older parents should aim to replace
these childish things by Bible pictures,
Sunday-school papers and other suit
able articles.
Again, some children will look for
ward to Punday because their parents
spend more time with them on that,
day. Others, because they are to have
a larger portion of cake. Others", be
cause of many other privileges whlc^.
the love of the parents has prompted.
Where this love of parents Is apparent
it Is very easy for the child to pass
What parent has not been troubled,
or ev«n driven to despair, to know what
to do with children on Sunday? Even If
It has been possible to get them to do
Just a* the parent would have them do.
It is hard to know what they should be
required to do. Any parent who has
sufficient brute force determination can
make children conform to certain def
inite rules, but Is that the right thing
to do? Certainly not. Of all days, this
is the day that we should strive to get
along by lovlns kindness.
Some parents make Sundays so un
pleasanf that the children dread^lts
approach. No child should be ex
pected to act as parents do on Sun
day. Yet, do not many parents think
that children should be amused on
Sunday with the same things that
amuse themselves? This day should
What has been said of the Impor
tance of selecting the right kind of
companions applies with equal force to
the selection of the right kind of books.
Too often parents have favorites
among their children. Sometimes It is
quite noticeable to others of the fam
ily, as we!l as to strangers. Under
such circumstances, there la almost
certain to be discord and continual jar
ring. Who has not known cases
where the evil effects or such favor
itism has borne bitter fruit during the
whole live* of parents and children?
Too much care cannot be taken by
parents to see that their decisions are
Impartial. No matter if one child is of
a more loving disposition and more
lovable than another, each must feel
that then? is an equally warm place In
the hearts and an eoually prominent
position In the affection of the parents.
As they grow older (hey will ever prize
and aim to retain that loving regard.
Should occasion come Jhey will rejoice
to turn once more to the parents for
that advice and sympathy which they
know awaits each one without favor,
but with affection.
•X "T O parent r.eed be reminded that
l\ I it is important that every child
I y learn to read. It is also im
\. portant that they develop a love
for reading. It is of far greater Im
portance that they develop a love for
the right kind of reading. The best
school* are opt only teaching how to
read, but also what to read. However,
the ;>a rents cannot throw off their re
sponsibility. That reading which weak
ens the intellect and debases the mor
als must be guarded against. That
which strengthens the mind, forms the
basis of knowledge and tends to raise
the moral tone must be furnished. The
desire for the right kind of reading is
acquired. It does nc-t come by in
stinct. It is therefore our duty to give
cartful consideration to the matter.
Children will like to read those books
which we teach them to like. If we
pay no attention to the matter they
will almost certainly learn to love those
books which they find others reading.
If such is the case, it is our fault, not
theirs. In selecting books we should
have a particular end In view. They
6hould either be selected for the moral
benefit, to add to their knowledge, or
to give pleasure. The best books com
bine these three ends. The book of
fairy tales has its place. So also the
book of fiction, such as may be fo-und
in the Sunday school libraries. More
Important than these for older chil
dren are books of travel, history and
biography.
It is not sufficient to keep bad books
away from children. The right kind of
books must be provided. Any librarian
will gladly give suggestions upon this
subject. In selecting books it is Im
portant that we do not fail to con
sider not merely the age, sex and
temperament of the child, but also th'e
time of year and the part of the coun
try in which the child lives and many
other similar matters. It Is also Im
portant that the parent should read
tome books with the child.
THirty-Third Talk to Parezsfts by
Wm. J. Shearer.
KEEPING BAD BOOKS
AWAY FROM CHILDREN
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALE.
THE COUPLE WHO BOARD
13By Beverly SmitH
HER CHRISTIAN NAME
THE FINE ART OF KEEPING SWEET
TO keep sweet amid a hundred and
one distractions and irritations,
'not to go to pieces over trifles,
and when heavy loads and big
problems come still to be serene ; and
sunny— this Is the finest of fine arts.
Do we give half enough attention to
its cultivation? Don't we think that it
is a good deal more important to make
a lot of money, to get on in our profes
sion, to succeed in politics, to acquire
social position, to write a book? All
excellent things in their way, but to
accomplish them' at the" sacrifice of
one's sweetness - of spirit is, «¦ after all,
not the best thing ; In life. '
Really, now, how can any one do more
good than by keeping sweet? You don't
have to ; cross the ocean or wal£ until
next "week to_ begin.' .You* don't have* to
acquire a - college education first. ¦ You
can start this morning to practice the
art. You are working in the midst of
people who constantly ruffle your tem
per? Well, then, if you' can keep sweet
you will be a marked man and a
mighty influential one, too, in that
office or In tliat factory. You, a father;
are rounding, the, corner at night after
an "exceptionally : aggravating day In
business, but there looms in sight your
home— a haven ' of ' refuge.* How are
you going to carry yourself for the next
twelve or fifteen hours there? You
may not carry home. much money In
yo # ur pocket, you may , be : dreading the
strain that awaits you . to-morrow with
the opening of a new business day, but
this much you can carry home-^a sweet
spirit. 1 ' You s can grit - your teeth s and
say, "Come' what, will, \' I will be jkind
and ' decent , to v my ' own." ¦ - c
Sweetness does not mean absence of
strength. It is out from the strong
maple' that the sugary sap trickles in
spring _ days. Indeed, sweetness Is a
component element of all strong na
tures. President Eliot of Harvard Unl
verallty is a ' shining example of this.
He has had more than his . ordinary
share "'of fighting to do. H.e has been
misunderstood and misrepresented, but
his- urbanity has been unfailing, his
plain and gentle way of stating '' unwel
come truths/ of championing unpopular
positions,, has had much to do with
converting people to his way of think
ing. S\yeetness of spirit does not mean
namby-pamby-ness; it is the velvet
glove under which' Is the Iron handT It
is a- kind of buffer which strong na
tures Interpose between themselves
and the hardness. »
"Keeping sweet? , Why, that Is easy
enough," Bays some one..' Just try_ it on,
then," friend, for • half a day. • • ,
, - . .: -THEPARSON.
•¦.¦. - •-• - •
his coat. "You need seasoning, boy.
Dickson's was a case of a man who
carried a wad and bragged of,it. Bound
to lose his money some time. v That
might have occurred on the street or in-'
his bed. Merely happened to be conve
nient to nab him at his table. Tough?
I know, but when you've been ten years
In this business one' poor devil going
suddenly isn't a subject to get nervous
prostration over. The big accidents are
what shake a chap."
"But the way of it. Jack. The idea—"
"Oh, trot along home, lad. I've noth
ing to attract marauders except my
good loons. No one will bothe'r me!
Often some fellow drops in for a chat,
and Bourne relieves me at midnight.
Much obliged for your 'spelling' me,
Harry. It gives me a chance for sup
per at the house, and when a man's
married — " He stopped, with a shrug
of his broad shoulders, adding in a dif
ferent tone, "All clear?"
"All clear, Jack. Everything on |lme.
Number 78 went through at 6:45. Fast
freight due to pass in ten minutes.
Good-by. Take care of yourself." >^
"Likely boy," commented Lawson,
filling his pipe and sitting down. "Good
as any of 'em already; safe and level
headed. Got nervous, did he? Not the
only one on the line, 1 guess. We all
carry a 'pop' now. I must say it's a
handy companion.? :
He ticked off a message, rose, gazed
out, grinned, felt of his hip pocket and
> \'
"Thunder!" he exclaimed. "I forgot
it. Confound Kate! She drove every
thing out of my head." ' . t : ]¦*
Nothing but his r "good looks." 1 The
man who stepped Inside a half hour
'later to greet the operator cordially
and to seat himself ungracefully was
not in search of money.
JLawson supposed Sharpson was
"over " It." Lately the disappointed
lover had appeared very friendly, even
to calling twice at the house. Kate
had made him welcome. —It was non
sense, the way Sharpson had acted be
fore the wedding, but his " eccentric
. temper only rendered him a butt for
ridicule; A short, thick - set, slouch
ing, man, black of sparse beard and
small, close-set eyes, he held but sorry
chances In the lists with John Lawson.
A foolish conceit, surely, that -Kate
Bartley cared for him, and would have
been his but for, the arrival of the
big stranger from Wheeler Junction,
-who promptly and effectively captured
the affections of the ticket agent's
daughter. Six months, now, and the
wra^h of Sharpson forgotten. .
"Bad night," remarked that gentle
man, brushing his sleeves." "Thought
IT was Mis. Anderson who first sug
gested the society and thereby she
hoped to attain national fame. For
iir the first blush of enthusiasm
Ehe predicted that the I'rovideiH
Hurne dubi would in time extend from
New York to JSan Francisco — with the
Carson Club as. the parent organiza
tion.
The r. H. C. was simple enough. It
t-oi.toisttrd of nearly* all the noarriage
t-oJe fciiia in Caisson who, nrcd by the
LltthUtiatzm of Mrs. Anderson, p. edged
the.iii-.eives not to marry uniii their ru
tuie fc'peiufce had provided a home and a
bank account, thus making ample pro
\ itjiiU i«»r the* inevitable rainy day.
'/lit: >ou::g tnea had no ehuire'iii this
etUhastastlc admiration foi- Mrs. An
cleifcui:. Indeed, Kiank Harper had had
bin drst quarrel with ltos«j Wilder be
uiuui: !io had happened to hint that
Mis. Anderson's enthusiasm might be
KtfQ^uhai lets were she 1101 conuort
abiy married.
;Ja«l; Anderson has plenty of
n«t»nf>y," Jit- growled, "but old man An
deisou married when his vole capital
v.k;; a railroad ticket West and he
never caved up enough to bring his
wife out i<> il:eir new home untii alter
tlit- £<Hoi:d summer."
"Do you «iu:e lo say that rhc is n<»t
tim-ere".'" demanded Rose hotly. She
ti'<aa on? of Alts. Anderson's strongest
pa; Lteans.
¦j>hr i« sincere,** admitted Harper,
"but if Jack was as pour as his father
vts. auii *hv lovod bimj I'll bet the I*.
ili. C. would never have been formed."
In the end. Harper went home with a
littAy heart; carrying the little ring'
that had been the pledge of their love.
lnj.it haii declared that he must pay
utl the iiiorlRase upon his farm before
ih^y Irere married and have at least
In the bank.
It took Harper exactly a week to
pull himself together. Then he in-
RUgUruted retaliatory methods. The
iH'Oies <>l .she Methodist church were
to bftvo a lair for the purpose of lift
ing the mortgage from the church
property. Some time before Mrs. An
dcrefin had declared that the church
Fhotlld stand free of debt within h
jfcar and it was believed that this fair
would provide the last $200.
The day before the fair opened the
young men of Carson came out with
eniall badges bearing the letters G.
JS.i C, but the mystic import of these
diameters could not be learned. The
ot|ly information elicited was that
Frank Harper was its president, and
tleit Jt would make its object known
injsood time.
The fair was duly opened. Half a
1in7.n1 local celebrities made speeches
and two or three dozen married men
mide purchases from their wives and
daughters who were standing behind
the stalls. Then there seemed to come
a, iiilL It was Mrs. Anderson who
made, the discovery that there was
not 'an unmarried 'man in the room.
Every young girl in Carson was pres
ent, either as a saleswoman or visitor,
but there was not a bachelor In sight.
The married men turned to manfulljr
and bought what they could afford,
but by half past 9 most of the 'crowd
lwd (joac and the receipts counted up
$17 40.
Tim next morning various young
irehllemen solemnly expressed regret
that they had been, unable to attend
and promised to get around that
.evening if they could. Evidently they
found it difficult, for the second night
of the fair was even duller than the
first.' Many of the married men had
stayed at home, and in desperation
Mrs. Anderson commanded her hus
band to see if he could not find some
of the young men and induce them to
come over. It was not long before
Anderson was back, his face wreathed
In smiles.
v r."Most of the boys are In the vacant
store, next to the pestofflce." he re
pevtedj "They are having a meeting
of the G. S. Club to discuss certain
Important matters."
"Did you tell them to come over?"
she di-niantled.
•I did, but they declined the invl
tutiun."
••Well," said Mrs. Anderson, with
a tightening of her lips that Ander
son knew full well, "1 am going over
Lhere tu tell the boys what I think of
tSier.i for breaking up my fair."
"I think," said Anderson, with a
gravity of tone, which his twinkling
eyes belied, "that th«y would be very
Klud to see you. It is not in any sense
a secret society;"
Ten uunuies later she was being
welcomed by the G. S. C. with elab
orate courtesy.
"It is with especial pleasure," said
Prank Harper, in his capacity as
president, "that we welcome you to
our meeting. We feel that it is to
ye-u we owe our very existence."
"To me'."' said Mrs. Anderson help
lessly. "I'm sure I never heard of the
club until Just the other day."
"None the less," continued Harper,
while Jack Anderson tried to get as
far behind his pretty wife as he could,
that she might not see his tell-tale
face. "None the less, it is to you
that the honor of forming the club
really belongs.
"It was your Idea that the young
women of Carson should pledge each
other not to marry until the prospec
tive husband had a home and $5000
in the Jjank. While it is not probable
.that under such conditions many of
us can afford to marry before we are
fiftj^ we recognize the brilliancy of
your idea, which you, yourself, have
declared is destined to reach from
the Atlantic to the Pacific We feel
that the eyes of the country will
shortly be turned toward Carson and
we have organized, supplementary to
your society, the Get Something, Club,
Our members are pledged, to attend
no entertainment, to spend no money
foolishly until we have each saved
up by this means the 55000 and the
home demanded by your disciples."
"But," interrupted Mrs. Anderson
half tearfully, "I want you to come
over to the fair and help make It a
success." '••-.-"
"Madam," declared the " president
Impressively, "we have thirty-seven
names on our roll. Each might have
spent from five to ten dollars, so we
Khali hojd meetings of the club every
evening during the fair to keep out
of temptation. That means at least
$185 saved toward the $185,000- we
shall have to accumulate to follow out
ydur admirable ideas. We feel that
this duty — "
Unable to restrain himself longer,
Jack Anderson interrupted the speeph
with a shout of laughter, in which
even his wife had to Join. She turned
to Harper.
"See Jiere, Frank Harper," she said
energetically, "you disband this club,
come over and make the fair a suc
cess and I'll ¦ disband the Provident
Home Club to-morrow."
She was true to her word,- but more
than one pledge was broken that very
night Even Rose Wilder, who was
presiding at the. household table, held
out an attractive spread, saying,
"Don't you want to buy this, Frank?"
"What's the use?" he protested. "I
have no wife to give It to!"
Rose blushed very prettily. "You
might have ' the wife — If you bought
the quilt. I take back all I said, and
I'll take back the ring, If you will let
me."
That night on the way home Mrs.
Anderson was struck by an idea.
".'Get Something* was a funny name
for the title of that club."
"I think." said Anderson," "that the
'something* they were to get was to
get square."
HARPER'S G. S. CLUB
By Hez^py Alder*
fy ILENCE was— to quote from
Jimmie Spencer— Henry Wal
t) cot's "long suit." x
4"^ There was a great bond of
friendship between the two; per
haps they followed in this the law that
opposite* attract each other. For Jim
mie Spencer was the reverse of Henry
Walcot in almost every particular.
¦Where Henry was tall and dark, Jim
mie was rather the medium height,
and so inclined to rotundity of figure
that his face, beaming always with
good humor, inevitably suggested to
an observer the qualifying adjective
C "Why "do I like Henry so well?" said
Jimmie one day. in reply to a question.
"Because he is such a JMly fellow and
knows how to keep his mouth shut.
Say, do you know," growing suddenly
enthusiastic, "Henry can speak Eng
lish, German and Spanish, but, by
Jove! he knows how to keep quiet in
about fourteen other languages, not
counting dialects and slang." V
"Why do I like Jimmie?" said Henry,
musingly. "Because he is a Jolly good
fellow and knows how to talk, I sup
pose." .
So they sat now in front of a cheer
ful fire 'In Walcot's rooms, smoking and
talking. Jimmie was chatting away as
usual, but there was something a bit
distraught in his manner which did not
escape the keen eye of his Wend. By
and by even Jimmie's fund of small
talk semed exhausted, and each sat
smoking and musing.
It was Henry who broke the sllenca.
"Sit up, Jimmie, and talk out Ilka
a' man" said he,. with a laugh, "lou
Jnmv n yon never tramped all the way
up here in the snow and then climbed
three flights of stairs Just to have a
chat Out with it. man! What have you
e j t immfe°l I o r oked up <iueerly. andpatch
ing the friendly gleam in the other s eye
he laughed himself and replied:
"No dedging you, you sly dog! I be
lieve you area mind-reafler. anyhow."
•'perhaps I do a. bit in that line now
and then." answered Henry, with an
assumption of great mystery, "and to
S£v??t to you. I will tell you that you
clme up here for no other purpose than
to tell me that you have gone and got
yourself engaged." .
"Now, how in thunder did you know
that?" asked Jimmie, sitting up In as-
guilty." answered Henry,
with one of his peculiar, almost inau
dible chuckles.
"But I never told you that 1 was even
raying attention to the girl whom I
am to have the honor of marrying,
declared Jimmie, protestlngly. "You
could not have had any Idea of it.
"Now. Jimmie, my boy. do give ma
credit for using my powers of observa
tion occasionally," protested Henry.
"So!" said Jimmie, "then maybe you
have used them far enough to -tell me
the name of the girl."
"I undoubtedly can," averred Henry,
solemnly. "Stunted as my powers of
observation may be. they have been,
sufficiently powerful to enable me to
declare that the young lady in question
is none other than Miss Preston."
This prescience was too much for
Jimmie. who simply stared open
mouthed at his chuckling tormentor. .
"That's the worst of you close
mouthed people," said he presently,
with an air of deep disgust "You rait
around and don't say a word and all
the while you are keeping close tab on
everything and everybody. Then when
a fellow comes around to tell you a
piece of important news, you take the
wind all out of his sails with your air
of world-wide knowledge and con
sciousness of his most intimate
thoughts. I must say that I think you
might have pretended ignorance. Now.
Til Just keep quiet about the matter."
And Jimmie resolutely shut his mouth
and turned again to his cigar/.
"Now, Jimmie." said Walcot, with
dignity, "don't be any > more of a'
chump than usual. Ywu Know you are
so full * of the subject that you have
Just eot to talk. ¦ So fire away."
1 And Jimmie did fire away presently,
the subject having got the better of
: hls resolve. :
•'But, Henry, all natural prejudice
aside, I Just > can't - believe my good
"Not at all. stupid," said Jimmie,
vexed at so much stupidity. "Her
cousin's eyes are blue. I'll be blessed
If you ever observe anything."
Jimmie himself was not observing
anything, but was sitting with hla gaze
fixed on the heart of the flames and his
mind lost in a happy reverie. He did
not see his companion look up with a
quick terror In his eyes and a face
drawn with emotion. Nor did he hear
a question addressed to him. Indeed,
Walcot's voice was very thick, and he
hardly knew himself whether he had
spoken the question aloud, or merely la
hls^angulsh voiced it to himself.
"Then you are engaged to Kate
Preston?" he finally managed to say.
loud enough to make his companion
hear.
"Certainly," said Jimmie In aston
ishment. "Who did you think I was
engaged to — certainly not to Annie
Preston ?"
VI didn't know," said Walcot
weakly.
"So your mind reading wasn't so
good, after all!" exclaimed Jimmie in
triumph. "Well, I must be going— so
long!"
"And he was gone.
For a long time Walcot sat*before
the fire, though his cigar went out
unnoticed and was not relit.
Then he slowly walked to his desk
and took out a letter, addressed in
his own firm handwriting. Opening
it he. stood la front of the fire and
read it through twice. H was a-pro
posal of marriage, simple, .straight
forward and winning In its declaration
of great love.
The letter fluttered first to the fire
and the envelope followed It. Walcot
standing quietly to watch them burn.
One might have read the address on
the envelope, even after It was caught
by the flames, and that address was:
"Miss Kate Preston."
luck. To think that she should ac
cept me, when she might have had
any man — why. she might have mar
ried you. old chap, couldn't she?"
"Did she tell you so?"
"Nope," said Jimmy cheerfully, "but
I can't see how it is that you haven't
fallen in love with her."
- "Maybe I was in love with another
woman," said Walcot slowly.
There was something in his tone that
made Jimmie look up quickly.
Walcot was gazing into the cheerful
fire and there was such a smile upon
his face as Jimmie had never seen. The
mercurial youngster was on his feet
In an Instant and rushed over to Wal
cot.
"By Jove, old chap, so you have
been Indulging in a love affair and
didn't even take me, your best friend,
into your confidence! I call that
shameful of you, but I am deuced
glad to know that you are In love,
after all. Take my word for it. old
chap, there's nothing like It In all tha
world."
"Easy, boy, easy," said Walcot, with
a Quiet smile that may have concealed
some embarrassment. "I haven't con
fessed to any love affair yet. And as
for confidences, remember that you
told me nothing Of yours until you
were actually engaged. Even good,
friends like you and mo don't talk over
such affairs. However, I may have—
I hope to have— some good news to tall
you soon."
"How soon?'*
"Who can say?"
"Have- you proposed to hexf*
"No, but I Intend to do so."
"Good boy! Go In and win. If 70a
want a certificate of good character,
call on me. I am always ready to tell
a He In the sacred cause of friendship."
And Jimmie's Infectious laugh took all
sting away from the remark.
* Once more fell a period of sllenca and
Jimmie broke It with:
"Did you ever notice the color of her
eyes, Henry?" " - *>-: >; ;_•¦¦.
"Yes," answered Henry, with an air
of amusement. "They are blua, aren't
they?"
"No, Indeed," said Jimmie somewhat
Indignantly. "They ara a wonderful
deep gray; almost Mack." -
"Is, that so?" was the somewhat In
different reply. "Then she 'has tha
same color of eyes as her cousin. I
know that she has wonderful, deep
gray eyes— wonderful eyes." This last
was very soft.
* * rw KENT you going to kiss me
f t good-by. Jack?" The little
( I woman's flush of irritation
X till burned hotly in her round
checks, despite the appealing brown
eye*. Her voice was half reproachful.
half indignant. , ,
The operator hesitated, biting his lip.
His fact, too, bore traces of wrath.
Thiir first quarrel had been a sharp
passage, and he, being slower of
tongue, now stood at the dcor, with an
angry sense of defeat. •
A chance for a parting stab. He
hop^a it would hurt. It hurt him more
then he expected.
"Xo! I'm not." he burst out gruffly.
"We'll skip that, Kate. You women
think a man can be made a target for
whatever you choose to say, and then
brought around at will. I'm not that
sort."
As he stamped, down the steps, he
htard her sob; paused, shook his head
icsolutelv and went on to his post.
The slgral tower looked gloomy
enough hi the blackness of the lowering
winter evening. Lawson slipped on the
frosty traclis as he glanced up at the
light glaring from the window. From
the heavy, settling sky flakes of snow
were beginning to whiten the tops of
the dismal string of ei..pty freight cars
on the siding. .. • ." ;/ r
"It's going to be a nasty storm," the
man muttered, climbing the stairway.
"Four hours before Bourne shows up.
AYell. Harry will be glad to go home to
his wife. I wish— no! I don't. I'd rather
be h~re thrm uncomfortable in the
house with a nagging woman. Is that
what I am going to get for expressing
my opinion of mother-in-law's pros
pective vifcit? She shan't come!"
"Hullo! .Tcck! You're a welcome
sight. I was getting nervous; really
it's pretty poky sitting here alone.
Every time the Instrument calls, I
think, 'There's trouble!' Poor Dickson!
Who do you suppose killed him. Jack?
A gang, or some ruffian? All alone In
the tower, never dreaming of such a
thing, and then — Great Heaven! I
wouldn't take your Job for, ten dollars
a night. You ought to have some one
with you."
"Pshaw, Harry!" Lawson threw off
I'd drop In a moment and warm up b«
tore my tramp." ,
"Where are you bound for? 'Tisn't
much of a night for a walk."
"Right, it ain't. Oh! I've got to go
clear out to Dashell's. He's sick and
I'm* on his Job. • Some things I wanted
to ask him."
"That's a lovely stretch; a blamed
lonesome road, Sethi You go by that
Polish settlement, don't you? Say,
they're an uneasy gang, all down on
everybody connected •with the road.
Better, wait till to-morrow. I would."
"Can't do it," he complained. "Wish
X could, but I must reportHo the T>oss
at 5 a. m. As you say," Jack, it ain't
safe for one of us fellers. to go trail-
Ing, out there In the dark. I've no
weapon, either. Say, I'll be back by
11 o'clock. . You couldn't spare me your
gun till 'then, . could you? I suppose
you've got one."
"Seth, I left the blamed thing at
home. Came away in a hurry, and
never thought of it. Too bad! Of
course, I'd have lent It to you. Been
glad to. Go around to the house and
ask Kate for it."
Tha 'caller .looked down, shaking his
head. "No," said he; "It's a flfteen
minute walk, and out of my way. I'll
step along, I guess, and take my
chances ' before it gets later. The
wind is rising from the way those
wires hum. I'll be going. Jack, and
maybe drop in on my return. You're
a. lucky dog to be housed and warm.
I'll think of you when I'm rubbing my
ears."^; :
He laughed strangely, turned up the
collar of his heavy ulster, nodded and
departed. " >:¦
Outside, Sharpson did not start In
the direction of Dashnell's remote
home. Instead, he picked his way
across the tracks and climbed into an
empty car. "They'll meet me here,'*
he growled. "I've luck for once!"
An hour later Lawson turned as the
door opened softly. •
"Kate!" he* cried, startled. "What's
the matter?"
"I've brought your pistol. Jack. : I
got to worrying. I — I'm sorry, dear.
Won't you kiss me now?" '.
"There, there!" soothed the man, all
his anger vanished, as she shivered and
A cool man was Lawson, Quick and
an unerring marksman. He took no
chances. x
A woman's scream echoed abova the
deafening explosions. Through th«
smoke, and loud over the heavy
groans from the huddled heap rose
the • steady voice of the operator.
"Keep quiet, girl! I've nailed the
whole bunch!"
Striding to the sprawled, figures ha
tore at the masks roughly.
"Good God!" came his shocked
words. "One of them's Sharpson!
I— I don't understand. Those other
men are a couple of brutes from tha
Polish settlement."
After help had arrived In response
to his startling message, and the man
who could -whisper kept muttering,
Lawson bent his head to catch th«
husky murmur.
"Ve vas paid to do It."
"Eh? said the operator. "By tha
man who robbed Dickson?"
The matted shock of a head moved
affirmatively.
A pale-faced young man hurried to
Lawson's side. "Tour wifa Is asking
for you. Jack. Better taka her home.
I'll tend to the <work. Ain't this
awful?"
' "Might have been worse," answered
his friend, grimly. Much obliged.
Harry. I'll get this little woman right
out. Sharpson's gone; the others will
live. Say, boy. if you ever refuse to
kiss your wife good-by, Just forget to
take along your gun."
Harry stared at him, not compre
hending, but he knows the story now.
and every man on the D. P. & I* sys
tem has told his wife the tale of Kate
Lawson's good-by kiss and how she
saved her husband.
gobbed In his arms. "You should never
have come out In this storm. Alone,
too. I'll have to keep you till Bourne
arrives. We will sit here and 'make
up.' " ; He laughed and kissed her
fervently.
The bis revolver was In his right
hand, as he playfully pushed her from
his knee with his left, bidding her re
move the damp cloak, "and he faced
the door as It again swung open to ad
mit three masked figures, pushing In
hastily.
THE SAN FRANCISCO- SUNDAY CALL. .
IN THE TOWER
14dlaxnond sculls so easily that it hardly
Bcems. worth while for the other fellow
to .have 'started. Were I living In
'Novel-land,' and had. I entered for the
diamond sculls/ 1 should put it to my
opponent before the word- was given to
us.' to go: "One .minute!"- I should
have called" out to him, ."Are you the
hero of this novel or, like myself, only
* one of the minor characters. Because,
if you are the hero you go'pn; don't you
•wait for me. r I shall Just pull as far as
the b'oathouse arid" get myself a cup of
'tea." /There is.no sense' of happy me
- dlum about the hefa of the popular
novel. He cannot get astfide a horse
without Its" going off winnlpg a steeple
chase against the favorite. The crowd
ojn Novel-land appears to have no power
of observation. It worries; Itself about
•the odds, discusses, records, . reads the
nonsense- published by. the sporting
papers; ¦ : .
At billiards he can give the average
sharper forty In a hundred." He does
not really, want to play; he does It to
teach these bad .-men j a lesson. He
has not handled a cue: for years. He
picked' up the game .when a young
man In Australia and it seems to have
lingered with him. He does not have
to get up early and worry dumbbells"
in his nightshirt; he Just lies on a
sofa in an elegant attitude and muscle
comes to him. • . " • Kj
. That Is the sort of swboy he Is. How
I used to hate him! If he has a proper
sort of father, then he goes to college.
He does not work; there Is no need for
him to work; everything seems to
come to him! That was another griev
ance of mine against him. I always
had to work a great deal, and very
little came of It. He . fools around
doing things that other men would be
"sent down" for: but in his case the
professors love him for it all the more.
He Is the sort of man that can't do
wrong. A fortnight before the exam
ination he ties a wet towel round his
head. That is all we hear about it.
It seems to be the towel that does It.
Maybe, If the towel is not quite up
to its work, he will help things on by
drinking gallons of strong tea. The
tea and the towel combined are ir
resistible; the result Is always the
senior wranglershlp. I used to believe
in that wet towel and that strong tea.
Lord! the thinss I used to believe
when I was young. They would make
an encyclopaedia of useless knowl
edge. \I wonder If the author of the
popular novel has ever tried work
with a wet towel round his or her
head. I have. It is difficult enough
to. move a yard balancing a dry towel.
A heathen Turk may have it In his
blood to do so; the ordinary Christian
has not got the trick of it To carry
about a wet towel round one's head
needs a trained acrobat. Every few
minutes the wretched thin? works
loose. In darkness and in misery you
struggle to get your head out of a
clammy towel that clings to you al
most with passion.
You return to your books in the
wrong temper; the water trickles down
your nose, runs In little rivulets down
your back. Until you have finally flung
the towel out of window and rubbed
yourself dry. work Is Impossible. The
strong, tea always gave me indigestion
and made me sleepy. Until I had got
over the effects of the tea. attempts at
study were useless. -But the thing that
still Irritates me most against the hero
of the popular novel is the ease with
which he learns a foreign language.
Were he a German waiter, a Swiss bar-
ber, or a Polish photographer. I would
not envy him. These sort of people do
not have to le?rn a language. My
Idea is that they boil down a dic
tionary and take two tablespoonfuls
each night before goicg to bed. By
the time the bottle is finished they havs
the language well Into their system.
But he is not. He Is Just an ordinary
Anglo-Saxon, and I don't believe In
him. I walk about for years with dic
tionaries in my pocket. Weird-looking
ladles and gentlemen gesticulate and
rave at me for months. I hide myself
in lonely places, repeating idioms to
myself out loud, in the hope that by
this means they will corns readily to
me If I ever want them, which I never
do. After all this, I don't seem to know
very much. This irritating ass, who
has never left his native suburb, sud
denly makes up his mind to travel on
the Continent. I find him In the next
chapter engaged In complicated psy
chological argument with French or
German savants. It appears— the au
thor had forgot to mention it before—
that one summer a French, «r Ger
men. or Italian refugee, as the case
may happen to be. came to live In ths
hero's street; thus It Is that the hero
Is able to talk fluently In the native
language of that unhappy refugee. I
remember a melodrama visiting a
country town where I was staying.
The heroine and the child were
sleeping peacefully in the customary
attic. For some reason not quite clear
to me the villain had set flr» to the
house. He had been complaining
through the three preceding acts of
the heroine's coldness; maybe It was
with some Idea of warning her. Escape
by way of the staircase was Impossi
ble. Each time the poor girl opened th»
door a flame came in and nearly burned
her hair off. It seemed to bare been
waiting for her. "Thank God!" said
the lady hastily, wrapping the child in
a sheet, "that L was brought m a wire
walker." Without a moment's hesita
tion she opened the attlo window and
took the nearest telegTaph wire to the
opposite side of the street. In the same
way. apparently, the hero of the popu
lar novel, finding himself stranded In a
foreign land, suddenly recollects that
once upon a time he met a refugee,
and at once begins to talk. I have met
refugees myself; the only thing that
they have ever taught me Is not to
leave my brandy flask about. X don't
believe In these heroes and heroines
that cannot keep quiet in a foreign
language they taught themsehres In an
old-world library. My fixed idea is that
they muddle along like the rest of us.
surprised that so few people under
stand them, and begging every one
they meet not to talk so quickly. These
brilliant conversations with foreign
philosophers! These passionate Inter
views with foreign oountesses; they
fancy they have had them. I crossed
once with an English lady from
Boulogne to Folkstone. At Folkstone
a little French girl — anxious about her
train— asked us a simple question. My
companion replied to It with an ease
that astonished herself. The .little
French girl vanished; my companion
sighed. "It's so odd." said my com
panion, "but I seem to know quite a
lot of French the moment Z get back
to England."
off a tree. She Just slips it on and
comes down, and then my stars! All
the other women in the room may
just as well go to bed and get a good
night's rest for all the chance they've
got. It isn't that she's beautiful. From
what they tell you about her, you
might fancy her a freak. Looks don't
appear to matter to her; she gets there
anyhow. I tell you, she just makes me
boil." Allowing for the difference be
tween the masculine and the feminine
outlook, this Is -precisely how I used to
feel when reading of the hero.
He was not always good; sometimes
he hit the villain harder than he had
Intended,- and then he was sorry— when
it was too late— blamed himself severe
ly, and subscribed toward the wreath.
Like the rest of us he made mistakes;
occasionally married the wrong girl.
But how well he did everything:! — does
still for the matter of that, I believe.
Take it that he condescends to play
cricket! He never scores less than a
hundred— does not know how to score
less than a hundred, wonders how It
could be done, supposing, for example,
you had an appointment and wanted to
catch an early train. . I used to play
cricket myself, but I could always stop
at ten or twenty. There have been
times when I have stopped at even
lees. It Is the same with everything
he puts his band to. Hither he does
not care for boating at all, or. as a
matter of course, he-pulls stroke In the
university boat race; and then takes
the train on to Henley and wins the
iCopyrt^bt. 190*. H Centwi Xewi and Preea
Exchcnte.)
WHEN I was younger, reading
the popular novel used to
make me ead. I find it vexes
others also. I was talking to
a bright young girl upon the subject,
not long ago. "I Just hate the girl in
the novel," she confessed. "She makes
me feel real bad. If 1 don't think of her
I feel pleased with myself, and good;
but when I read about her — well, I'm
crazy. I would not mind her being
smart, sometimes — we can all of us say
the right thing now and then. This
girl Bays them straight away, all the
time. She don't have to dig for them,
even; they come crowding out of her.
There ne\-er happens a time when she
stands there feeling like a fool and
knowing that ehe looks It. As for her
hair; upon my word, there are days
when I believe it is a wig. I'd like to
get behind her and give It Just one pulL
It curls of its own accord. She don't
seem to have any trouble with It. Look
at this mop of mine. I've been work-
Ing at It for three-quarters of an hour
this morning; and now I would not
laugh, not If you were to tell me the
funnle6t thing you ever heard, for fear
It would come down again. As for her
clothes, they make me tired. She don't
possess a frock that does not fit her to
perfection; she doesn't have to think
about them. You would Imagine ihe
went into the garden and picked them
PARENTAL SCHOOLS
Copy of Paper Readby Katherine Heath Angelo Before the
California Club Civic Day Programme,
Indeterminate, and pupils should be
transferred to their former classrooms
only when the teacher feels assured
that no further offenses will be com
mitted. .
The New Haven school was organized
in 1871 and now has five classes; one
for truants and incorriglbles, three for
children who do not speak English
and one for all these classes. In 1899,
585 cases of truancy were reported and
17 boys from these classes were sent to
the reform school, there being no.par
ental boarding school. '
The cost of maintaining the truant
classrooms at Bay City is but $600 a
year, this being the salary of the prin
cipal of the building, . who acts as
teacher. . The City Superintendent re
ports that this class has had a strong
deterrent effect on truancy. The un
graded school at Detroit has done val
uable work in its time, but now the
wisdom of its very existence as an un
graded school has been called Into
question. A building was especially
erected for it and first occupied in 1890,
but this was abandoned, as there' was
but one school to serve an area of
thirty square miles and It was too re
mote to return truants to school the
same day they were reported. One
more central room is now maintained.
Nine policemen act as truant officers.
The truant school of Grand Rapids . is
In a fifteen-roomed grammar school
and is decidedly objectionable— truants
and Incorriglbles are in classes together
and. there is no way of separating them
from the regular pupils. Teachers are
paid $600 a year and the average num
ber of pupils in the school is S3.
Philadelphia has the largest day tru
ant schools in America. The city has
been divided into thirty districts and
has twenty-eight attendance officers.
In 1902 1452 truants : were returned to
school.". There* are.;' five ungraded
schools, the "principals receiving $300 a
year and assistants each $600. -,,..-¦ ,
- An' appropriation of $37,500 was made
In 1903 j for the support of , these special
schools. ' . The management is in the
hands' of the Bureau of Compulsory
Education, whose chief Is urgent In his
appeals for a boarding school. .
For : - the most marked success of tho
boarding-school type we must look to
and boiler house, an Ice house, two cot
tages, farm house, hospital and super
intendent's home. The course of study
Is similar, to that of Boston, besides
sloyd and clay modeling.
About half of the boys are employed
in the boiler house, barn and laundry.
Others are engaged in gardening, rak
ing and clearing up, mowing the lawn
in summer and shoveling paths in win
ter. v.~.-r.r.
The average daily attendance in 1S93
was 171. The average time of deten
tion of each pupil was about twelve
months.
. The expenses , in .the same year were
$29,293, the average expense per week
per child being $3 25.
The experiments In the city of New
York do not seem to have been at
tended with the same degree of suc
cesa as in other cities. In 1900 the
thirty-one attendance offloers of New
York returned to school 7000 children,
4500 being picked up on the street.
New York has two boarding schools,
one In a four-story brick building and
the other is on a plat of 'fifteen acres
in a suburban district. These schools
are found inadequate to the care of the
number committed and a desire has
been expressed for accommodations
for three hundred boys. In the New
York school special attention is paid
to military drill and mtusia Superin
tendent Maxwell, in his report, says:
"Improvement In reading, writing and
arithmetic Invariably follows proficien
cy in military drill, manual exercise
and music. The very idea that he is
acquiring a knowledge and a power
which most boys do not possess . raises
him in his own respect. and makes him
desire the other accomplishments that
usually belong to a worthy member of
society."
This training Is certainly of greatest
value, for out of thirty-seven boys who
were sent back to the- public .school
from the truant school twenty-nine
kept the grade of excellent -for ten
weeks and only two were returned to
the school for. a second term. ¦
Great car* is made in the commit
ment of boys. Out of 150 cases brought
up. only 30 commitments were made.
. in Indiana the State Truancy Board
states that 25.025 children.. in 1900-1901,
were brought into the school, at a cost
of $27,885.
' San Francisco, too, has tried its ex
periment In the establishment of a
Chicago, where the most effectual work
has been accomplished. This school
was opened in 1902. It is located in
one ofc,the suburbs, on a fifty-acre tract
of land, of. which thirty acres are cul
tivated \as a garden and twenty acres
are used as building sites and play
grounds.. A large reservoir for -water
supply has been built, which serves
as a skating pond in winter for the
boys and from which hundreds of tons
of ice are cut. The school Is organ
ized on the cottage plan, which, when
completed, will consist of eleven cot
tages.- ' • , •
The number of employes last year
was 23. The number of boys received
during the year was 191. The Inmates
aro given, as nearly as possible, the
course of study of the Chicago schools,
besides manual training, domestic sci
ence, gardening, .laundry work, gym
nastics and military exercises. The re
ceipts in 1902 were:
First appropriation, 140,000; cash
from garden, $512; sale of clothing
to boys, $556; milk from cows, $600;
vegetables used In kitchen; $250;
provender fed to stock. $50; vegetables
stored for winter use, $332; second ap
propriation. $12,953. Total, $55,254. The
expenditure, was $53,549. ...
The average daily "attendance . belng ]
87 made the per capita cost of main
taining the school $8 84 per week. This
was considered, a high rate, but the
school -was equipped for the main
tenance of 200 boys, and under simi
lar circumstances the cost of maintain
ing each boy would be but $5 30.
No walls, bars or bolts . or any
other prison features are on the prem
ises. The boys know that It. Is useless
to attempt to. escape, for the truant
officers would immediately bring, them
back to the, school. -Most encouraging
reports are received, from paroled pu
pils, and no^account is given of where
It has been necessary | to commit on*
of the' inmates to a reform school.
The parental school of Boston Is
managed almost entirely by the Board
of Trustees for. Children, the . School
Board having jurisdiction only over the
instruction given therein. There are
twenty-one truant officers. Boston was
six years In securing money for a pa
rental , school after asking for the ap
propriation. 'The site consists of some
twenty-seven . acres in West • Roxbury
and . fronts on the Charles j River. > The
buildings consist of a laundry, kitchen
school for the reformation of refrac
tory boys. In 1S72, through tho efforts
of Mr. Denman, two classes were form
ed in the basement of a church on
Washington street and nsarty 250 pu
pils were transferred to them during
the year. J Mr. Denman's term of of
fice expired and on account of imper
fect organization and supervision these
classes were a failure. Since then the
law has been revised and San Francis
co must In the near future waks up to
a realization of what her duty U to the
youth within her territory..
A campaign to awaken puMle Inter
est Is the first thins necessary and a
sentiment in favor of the movement
will surely be created when the peo
ple are made aware of the facts.
The one question of finance Is at the
bottom of most educational problems,
but this problem has been solved else
where, and will be here, as soon as the
solution is demanded by the people.
California should have' a State tru
ancy board. Our city Board of Educa
tion should be supplemented by a bu
reau of compulsory education, whose
executive officer should be the super
intendent of compulsory education.
Then we might hope to. have our city
properly districted and a sufficient
number of attendance officers appoint
ed.
When this much can be accomplished
then an ideal parental school, such as
Is the pride of Chicago to-day, win be
an assured fact for ten Tranclsco. Su
perintendent Langdon has this year in
cluded in his estimate for school ex
penses an appropriation for a special
class in San Francisco and this la a
step In the light direction, but wo have
seen that the experience of other cities
has shown that truants should be
placed in classes by themselves, and
that the only satisfactory solution of
the truant problem has been in the
Ideal parental boarding school and San
Francisco should be satisfied with noth
ing less than the best.. If the law as
It now. reads "is enforced It will be a
powerful child saving influence in our
community.
The number of casea brought before
tho 'Juvenile court would be lessened
and' no doubt the number committed
to th'e reform schools " would greatly
diminish. This la a step toward the
formation of character and habit.
which is much more economical and
desirable than to delay and make nec
essary the work of reformation.
IN view of the fact that our new
compulsory education law Is In ef
fect and that action has been
taken by the school authorities to
establish In San Francisco a spe
cial qlassrooxn for defective children,
which shall Include truants, it is op
portune that we should Inform our
selves upon what has been accom
plished In other cities for the care of
the habitual truant and that we
should perfectly understand the situa
tion in our own city and the great
principle for which the parental
tchool rhould stand. ' ¦'•
It Is a well recognized fact that lg
rurance is one of the chief causes of
crime — ignorance of books and igno
rance of a trade.
. The four great cardinal institutions
of education are the family, the voca
tion, the state end the church.
The ideal parental school should
give to every boy that training In
cleanliness, care of the person and
clothing, respectful . treatment of
ciders and superiors, obedience to au
tliority. respect for truth and honesty,
¦which he should receive In the family.
It should give him a vocation by fur
nishing instruction in arts and trades
uiid pave the way for professions. It
should teach patriotism, supply mili
tary training and the 6tudy of mu
nicipal and self government to fit the
child to become a member of the
stat£. and it should supplement the
tvprk of the church by laying the
foundations of his moral character
and a sense of human duty.
It is safe to eay that our one great
'"cause of truancy is our plan of edu
cation. It falls to Interest, hold and
develop the child as It should, with
Us mechanical massing of children,
uniformity of curriculum and method.
Cur social life has undergone a thor
ough and radical change and our edu
cation must pass through an equally
complete transformation.
Our system In the past has tended
too much toward the making of
clerks, when what the world needs is
younjc men who have a practical
Knowledge of arts and crafts, one who
has been taught in a workshop to
.work out his constructive instincts.
Vhe school must- give to the rising
u-neration a knowledge that will fit
him for citizenship. If a school is to
make moral, law-abiding citizens of
boys It must teach them to do an hon»
ticipates in household duties. Thus
habits of industry and order are
formed, regard for the rights of others
is insisted upon and an opportunity Is
given in many Indirect ways for the
child to gain knowledge. In many
cases the truant who has had the good
fortune, it may be called, to be com
mitted to one of these schools has
much more interesting and instructive
training than the average public
school pupil, and it has been proven
without doubt that a radical transfor
mation has resulted In the lives of
hundreds of city boys who took their
first step in moral and physical de
struction when they became truants.
It has been demonstrated that it Is
easier to furnish an occasional farm
plat than to maintain reformatories
and prisons, and statistics show that
life in workshop, garden, field and
forest Is the life that appeals to the
average truant and that almost with
out exception he becomes an honored
member of society.
Now as to what* has actually
been done in the. Eastern cities.
The cities having only the ungraded
classes are New Haven, which main
tains five, Bay City, Detroit and Grand
Rapids, In Michigan, each maintaining
one; Albany and Binghamton, N. Y.,
each one; Cleveland, two; Alleghany,
one; Philadelphia, two, and Providence,
Rhode Island, seven. ¦
Parental boarding schools have been
established in Chicago, Boston, Goshen,
Lawrence, North Cbelmsf ord, Spring
field, Walpole, "Worcester, Mass., and
In Buffalo, N. Y., New York City,
Rochester and Syracuse.
Some ' cities like Chicago '• and New
York City, Including Brooklyn. ' main
tain both types of truant schools. Some
of these cities have had an experience
of nine years in which many mistakes
as well as failures have been made.
We will first consider the day truant
schools. In most places I a policeman
acts as truant officer, which is & great
mistake, as it is most Important that
only men of education ' and training
and rare tact and Judgment should fill
so Important a position. *
In many places the. sentence is for a
certain term of weeks, when it is -far
better to have the period of detention
est day's work upon every working
day. In life almost every one has a
calling or occupation, something to do.
and until the school for the masses
has for Its chief aim the cultivation of
the instincts of construction and pro
duction, the education of the children
of the tollers, who comprise the
greater part of our population, will
be a failure.
The university should stand as an
open door to all who have the ambi
tion and capacity for higher learning,
but we must, not leave those who are
not prepared to receive : this higher
education In Idleness, to be a menace
to the state In after life.
Experience has shown that the
establishment of free schools is not
enough, but a law of compulsion has
been Inevitable.
Truancy and idleness have always
been problems which all educators
have had. to face, and ever since the
establishment in New York in 1805
of the first public schools authorities
have had before them the problem of
truancy. The first, truant law In the
United States was passed in Massa
chusetts in 1850 and the people of
California have the experience of
other States for over fifty years from
which to draw conclusions. Children
who have been guilty of no greater
sin than disliking the usual curriculum
of the school' have been confined in
prisoners, almshouses, reform schools
and asylums, and it Is fortunate for
the San Francisco truant that no such
experiments will have to be tried on
him since Eastern cities have demon
strated to the present generation tho
possibilities of the modern parental
school.
There are two types of truant or'
parental schools throughout the United
States. One Is the ungraded day
school and the other Is the parental
boarding school, by far the most suc
cessful being the latter. These institu
tions are conducted on the cottage
plan, where boys 'are grouped together
in families. The plan has been to de
velop an Institution that wllj surround
the inmates with an atmosphere that
will wean them away from baser ten
dencies.' to place them in an . ideal
home where they may learn by social'
converse more 'than from books. - In ;
these families of boys statements are
made, inquiries arise, topics are dis
cussed, individuals are unconsciously
led ' to state experiences and - miscon
ceptions are corrected. Each one par-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALC
ON THE EXASPERATED
HERO
AND HEROINE
15T17E SAN FRANCISCO L SUNDAY CALIV
f?^ II, children, tfils is the time that you have proved your cleverness. Th|s^ Is' the'viveejc*^^that the Foixle
( 1 .Kdltor.is.JUilello .print the full 0110 hund.icd and fifty, prize v winiiers' and fecl f as probd.of yoii^l^ as
I you are of yourselves. After all, they weren't really hard, were, they— those'; names -of United $fates
A Senators and the jour dirrci-ent kinds; of; 'trees published on June 5? '"WhflC'.as for, the eight puzzles
this week— well, let us sec just how much ''you^ know. - •'.'. ' " '*" " •'?¦ *** v y ."'
First, there arc four pictures of parts of a railroad engine.^Of^coiirso. you* haTO^all^ seen. a railroad
engine and know Uuit it has'a bell and : a 'whistle and a cowcatche^T'ahd a smokestack, and a t flre box and
"drivinjj wheels and a lire grate and a'cab and a boiler and a dome above tliVjboller and "a T walcr tank and
coal 'tender and a headlight and-lcvcrs and otlicr littinss innumerable.' And * knowing J all that* those first
; four pictures ought to be easy. ... f v . \ , \ %> »f ; v ;?•• '; .V ¦
y The next four — well, you all plnyso rriuch that you ought to know all about* races, mnnJn? races,
yacht races, sack races, automobile races, 'iuiWIe races, boat races,' bicycle racesi" three-legged.^races, skat
. ing -races, swimjnlng ; races and all such exciting sports, so those puzzles will be easy. '^Ah, u and then think of
the' v reward— those books. ' *" ; •-•< ;•...?*» ». , v '¦':¦¦¦ *. : .,. "^ ' -- •*•'>•>—
-..:,'; strtct'/aUcnlion^o\j;.,,lIcro Is sometlihiRtho Puzzle Editor .wants to speak of par
/Ucul^i,iy.'';i • only , g4vc" youiv name -o'lid the town and State wIlerchr.*you f U v e. : but the'strcet or
•pbstdnicc^^nuhibciv^frhis Us. hnportant?bccausc< many books have been' returned because of Incorrect ad
'd^^^^d^dgnTt^fo^a^^^^^ . ¦; •-'•:¦ • , >"
\ .f .i^4»!ren^»^rrtiQia:;i5. You will ( qI1| hare a^hance not only to win one of those 150 prizes, bat get
nnhlkil{ca^ts-.'ncU.\ - Thc/w^uzzle KcUtor- wants aU tha prize winners to send. In <helr picture*
k f—the li>(f/ e.i^ry* Week' If possible.?; : Bcglh^rlsht' now. Don't waju % » Tlie # more r the s merrier. , Tner*
o'n'rj tlic'prlze' winners can have their pictures published. 1 . : V*
WJ *: yivutAsk uyN'T^EXif'ix/A^V 1 t15«ty1 v i5 picruRi^onTrKao^T^^
means 'tliaC*tAe>«\^il1'faa6 as soontas^Uicyare.eJxposcd.totho Bun.*and!clon*t v for^et.to write your name- and
Rddre*WVlic^ycU*o¥«ach J and .every photogi-apu. 'And by all.riieanii be Kuro:that "yon are a prize ula
ner Ucfone you fc L cnd, in iiny picture at all. ,. . -.- . . '.^ , r, - 1 . . ¦ .i^'.--.
•-» «.f rTJJLfc.liiT t 'Aiiiif OMli:'llUM)fiED ASfl) FIFTY PHIZES,^ and this Is what you must do to win one 0}
''i ihcm&Pti^K'-'Kipi '¦'{'-¦' ;-•' ¦ <.•-./.; Vr--..; ' .'!-- ¦,'' .•;¦."":•» -, ;.!.._; ,. . ' v, 'i ; \
ifs§&&^W a Railroad Engine as shown In" pictures 1, 2, 3 and 4, and
iWr'wilaivw't/iihTdft of' Races a>j^\^|«1iactares 5, 6, 7 and 8 on this page and write them out In the
8pa'ce«oppdsitc; > tf^wper.corre S poiidhis numbers .provided for- the, purpose In the coupon on this pa«e, as
per direction* ;tel^n^he'conpom wRl*»}<Air tiiiimc and address.and. the prize you^ desire—if you wln—ond
'Bend l^ecoupW'tottheKblTOll OF.TIIK NAME PUZ
• j J> REMEVliiER-lTo ' the! FIRST ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BOYS ASV GIRLS who solve the eight
Same FIFTY. BEACTIFLTLPIUZES will be awarded.
i -¦ iVt -And don'tforget this. nelfpolnC because it Is very important: 'ALL ANS^\E11S MCg;-. cn
*TH1S OFFICE Bt« FltlliA.^ fipcCi^, This gives all those in the country nn equal cltancc to . compete
'Read evervthSng'tbri' tills «i?affe, to beif sureilmf you overlook nothing that Will help you to win a prize.
NA3IES*Oi« TILE .lkjCKY^\UNNEl«4» WJXJL JUE '= PUBLOSlllvD IN, TILE SUNDAY CAi,i, TWO
sWEEIvS'l^O^TO-DA^aujy^A?^: ;; . , , V, - , ,
•"•« * ,, These, v arc the 'TWEN-TY 'BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may choose If you soWe all the puz«
. tics correctly:^••7 "•-.-;¦•'/'_- *¦/. 1; ";,.-.-¦-; -. \ ¦ . •¦¦¦<;- y : - ".."'• rr*.' '' " ¦ ' ¦ " ¦
. AbbeConstantln,- by.-Halevy; A CIirLstmas Carol, by Dickens: ,Ethlcs of the Dust, by Ruskin: tleroes
and, Hero .-Worship, by Stevenson;- Knickerbocker's History; of New York, by Irvine*
• Luclle," by":' srereditb: ••Mine Own 'People, by, Klph^g; The Pilgrhn's FYogress, by Bunyan; Pleasnres of Life!
by ,Lubbock;,Rab and .His Friends, , by} Brown; Rip .Van" Winkle, ;.by, Irving; Saman tha at Saratoga, fcy 'Hol
lej ; ; Tanglewood ; Tales,;by Hawthorne; Tom Brown's • School j Days, . by -Hughes; Treasure Island," by Steven*
¦mh: Twice Told Tales,by Hawthorne; Uncle Tom's Cabin, by Stowe; A Wonder Book, by Ha\rthorne; Plu.
" larch 's'LlVes.^ : ' ¦ :: '"- ; .. . ¦' ' -I.,- ' ' >i--
Bsa'J^TfUT • SockS-^-Ons " arid Ff Ftyvb'S L Th$rri—
Foi| 1"!C : S€ Who G^SS thesi : -^k?? r S' s T^-Day- '
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
City; Eleanor Munson, 2017 Summit
street, Oakland;- Wilfred Ball, 667
Twenty-third' street, Oakland; Aubert
Buteau,* 3855 West street, Oakland;
May "v Christman, 566 Thirty-fifth
street.*- Oakland; Ethel Girwood, 1266
Church street. San Francisco; Auburn
Allan, 1516 Castro street, San Fran
cisco; Freda Faude, 252D! McAllister
Ktreet, San Francisco;: Gladys O'Brien,
313 Eleventh street, Oakland: Annie
WInnenbers, Vallejo; Clarissa Wertz.
Lorin; Charlie <Hust,\ Berkeley;', Helen
Heywood, Berkeley; Viola Upton; 927
Wood street, Oakland; Cornelia Cogh
lan, 1908 Green, street, San 'Francisco;
Mollle Smith,- 40 Steuart street, San
Francisco; Willie Thomas, 324, Erie
street.San Francisco; Madeline New
by Dlx'on ; Pearl ' Newby, ' Dlxbh ;•' Ruth
Dewey, 1025 Scott street, ; San "Fran- '
Cisco. _ \ ' ¦
These Are the
Lucky 15O
Prize Winners
This Week
fTNlIEaU are th- lucky 150 prfze-
I r.'nners In the puzzle contest— tfi»
I names cf the four Senators and
X. 'our <iiffercnt lands of trees—pub
ished in The Sur.day Call June 5:
Alv.-.vn Daytmrn, Sausalito; Edeme
i::'t Coma.ho, S:in Leandro: Helena
R'arnes«. 2fi Rincon place. San Fran
cisco; Clarence Pear.son, Point Rich
: .H.nu: Lota Jillson, Chico; Paul
Dunckhcrst. Sacramento; Margaret
;:iJln:r(]£o:i. Sacramento; Ruby Hen-
Jerson, Sacramento; Jusnita Schiller.
-acrMnento: iliJJred Kushmore. Sar.
a Rosa; llarjorie Weis^I, Sacrame:i
o; Jack dishing, Martinez: Alice
ITlenpfer, L!mhur«t; Martha HutTaker.
Allandale; J. B. Bums, Napa; Harris
lloper. Napa; Jersie McKinnor., 316
rhirtielh s:reet. San Francisco; Fos
:er Roper. Xapa: Freddy Jones, Polk
ind Post streets, San Francisco^ A.
Miller. J532 Eddy street, San Fran
cisco: Beatrice Miner. 217 Stevenson
*lreet. San Frar.cisco; John Murray,
San Quer.tin; Annie Brook, Vacaville;
..Kto Dillon. Stockton; Alice Munz.
\ord: Haael Manson; Xiles: Alice
Putnam. Stockton; Nellie Allington.
• tockton; Lois fluthenbush. Stockton;
Thomas O'Rourl;e, 2232 Sacramento
street, San Francisco; Jakie Jacobi.
1717 Geary street, San Francisco;
Helen Jordan. 1S3 Alpine street, San
Francisco; Albert Kirkman, San Ra
fael; Dorothy Plummer, Centerville;
Margaret Code. 2" 3 Page street, San
Francisco; Edgar Rademacher, 1355
MoAllirter street, San Francisco;
Belle Birch, 52S Turk street, San
Francisco; Samraie Hern, Tulare;
Edith Vender. .Vallejo; Mildred Gor
ham, Valtejo; Erwin Tompkins, Penn
Grove; G. Delia AVirts, Vacaville; Ha
zel Bailey, Toniales; Bates Dickson.
Petalum'a; Otto Ely, Willows; Gene
vieve Rodgers, Petaluma; Erma
Pcdrotti; M. C. Ward. Santa
Cruz; Harry Johnson. Santa Cruz;
Castle Gallup, Sacramento; Annie Aly
ing:. Vallejo; May Edwards. Gi!r6y;
Fred Musso, San Jose; Elmer Cobar,
San Juan: Ruby Harrington, Berkeley;
John Schmidt, 221 Grant avenuo, San
Francisco; W. A. Robinson, S25 Ash
bury Etreet, San Francisco; Charles
Robinson, £25 Ashbury street, San
Francisco; Herman Schmidt, S23
Grant avenue, Saa Francisco; Joseph
Schmidt, 223 Grant avenue, San Fran
cisco; Emil von Haber Korn, 970 Union
street. San Francisco; Geraldine
Bauseh, 1417 Castro street, Oakland;
"Wicks Glass, 1D08 California street.
San Francisco; Rudolph Trautner, 2540
McAllister street, San Francisco; Helen
Travis, 626 Harrison street. San Fran
cisco; Kitty Castillo. 1011 Webster
6treet, Oakland: Ernest Braunlich, Saa
Jose; D. French, 81 Eleventh street,
San Francisco; A. Poulln, 526 Harrison
street. San Francisco; Ralph Smith,
Byron Springs; Bessie Boyer, 1106 Wil
low street, Oakland; Adele Badarous,
104 Baker street, San Francisco; Ireno
Slevin, 10*6 Treat avenue, San Fran
cisco; Walter Schmidt, 657 Harrison
street. San Francisco; Herman
Schmidt, 557 Harrison street. San
Francisco; Mildred Smith, 632 Turk
street, San Francisco; Elwln Benson.
Petaluma; Ed. Harter, San Jose; Her
bert Olney. 224 Twentyi-thlrd street.
San Francisco; Jeanette More, 951 Fell
street, San Francisco; M. Smith, 866
Castro street, Oakland; Alice Becker,
634 Castro Btreet. San Francisco; Jo
seph Ideagher, Valley street, San Fran
cisco: M. Zucker, 623 Eddy street, San
Francisco; F. T. Halnes, 548 Stockton
, street, San Francisco: E. R. Nien-
Etadt, 1207U Bush* street. San Fran
• risco; Ernest Bowman, 600 Bush 6treet,
San Francisco; Alice Dumaraz, 616A
Greenwich street, San Francisco; Mir
iam Purdie. 120 Oak street.
San Francisco; Adolf Bauer, 1734
Blake street. Berkeley; Ed. Mc-
Adams, 217 Tenth street. Oakland;
Paul Barrett. 363 Tenth street, Oak
land;'. Mildred Tade, Berkeley; Edna
Roholte, Alameda; Edwina Murray,
SOC Van Ness avenue, San Francisco;
Cf. Landregan, West Berkeley; James
G*«v* Vallejo; Clarence Dow, Lodi*
Allen" Mech^m: Lillian Lee. Santa.
Rosa: Dora Voodry, Stockton; Hazel
Canavan. Alameda; Haslett Halsjht.
Alameda; Emma Mlhailovlst, Peta
luma;' Belvedere McLean, 'Belvedere;
OJrve Godfrey, Vacaville; Celesta
Tounsr, Stockton; Willie Porter, San
Jose; Hazel Gibson, Alameda; Jean
Scupham. 1413 Webster street, Oak
land; Gladys Johnston, 0 Santa Cruz;
Annie Batsch, 1 Beideman street, San
Francisco ; r Mamie Smith," 518 Utah
street, San Francisco;: Leslie Lorden,
749 . Bryant street. San Francisco;
•Katie Combs, 143 William street, San
Francisco; Janet Hughes. 346. Arling
ton street, San Francisco; Beth Mor
rison. 121 Belvedere street, San Fran
cisco; Mary Hughes, 346 Arlington
street, San Francisco; Milton . Smith,
102* Howard street, San Francisco:
Vivien Fitzgerald, \ValIejq.: Marion
Wosser," San Rafael;' Dorothy Wosser,
San , Rafael; Howard Duncan, 2721
Sacramento street, San Francisco;
Robert J»iercy, Mare Island; W. Teall,
fan : Blatro; C E. Hussey? Vallejo;
Alma Blethen, 437 Sixth street, San
Francisco; Merle McAneney. 67 East
Twelfth street. Oakland; Emma Gloy,
1 Telegraph avenue, Oakland; Eliza
beth Adams. 1279 Jackson street, Oak
land; Genevleve Boaxdman, Nevada
NAME
PUZZLES
16
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
tnd Send * It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S.F.
To Puzzle Cdltor. SnnAay OaB.
San Francisco:
Below In their proper nta*
* firm pleaw! find my «ntntloa ef
Four Parts of a Railroad En-
gine and Four Kinds of Races
reproduced in this week's name
puzzles;
1
2 ..•.»»•••»
4 ~ «...«
V >ri 1 1 tin n n i > ii ri i«>»»« •
.•' >-••¦••'••-«•••••-••••«•-•»•»••««
«_.. -—--< — ;"••:>"<
ii'iii ¦ ¦.¦ Mrnri'iin'1'iiMiiw
*i . *
June It. 1*04.
Name ............... .^^ MM
OLTCXfc W « • \Jm • • • • « • • « « » « • » « 41
aty ivi.^..
-State m.», M M . . . . A . .
If I win I choose for prize
•••••• •-•.••••• •»«••»»•». —in
. . . (See. List of Prttea.yAmerican Minister Honored.
PARIS, - June 4.— Dispatches to the
Paris r Press from Belgrade this week
have, contained no end of comment on
Kirig Peter's reception of John B.
Jackson, -the American Minister. V The
American ' diplomat, was wined 1 and
dined s and | treated by the royal family
with*. the 'greatest . ceremony. He was
conducted ' to . the King's palace in the
state: coach -under a guard of honor.
Ancient Seal Is Discovered.
BERLIN,' June 18. — The German ex
cavation expedition in" Syria has dis
covered " the - seal used by King Solo
mon's son at a place called Tell el
Multissen. The seal has been taken to
Beirut and handed over to the Turkish
Pasha.' Emm Eftendi.
Fonr Arc Successful Contestants in
. \ Exhibition of the "Artistes
Francaise."
PARIS, June 19. — Four Americana
have ' received medals for exhibits at
the. Salon. des. Artistes Francaise. They
are Seymour Thomas for a portrait of
Henrjv Vignaud; Richard Miller, for
his paintings, "Vieilles de Moiselles"
and "La, Crinoline"; H. S. Hubbell and
Mr. , Kolinfeld. The latter, although
only 21 -years, old, has exhibited for
three successive years. All are mem
bers of the, American Art Association.
Proposed Law Compelling Men to
Vote Is Defeated by Majority
BERN, ' J Switzerland, \June 4.— The
Grand Council of the Federation hav
ing propbsed'a law which made it com
pulsory for ' people' to vote at political
.elections, which so many have neglect
, ed to do that only about. half of the
qualified voters present themselves at
the balloting places, the . people were
called upon last Sunday to sanction the
proposed law.
The law- was disapproved by a ma
jority of 1000.
AMERICAN STUDENTS
WIN PRIZES IN SALON
SWITZERLAND OBJECTS
TO COMPULSORY BALLOT
Another: present probably will be sil
ver models of the leading types of the
ships which have belonged' to the Ger
man 'navy since the time of ; the Great
Elector,"- to \ be - arranged on shelves j in
the Emperor's -working-room. j_ _
The purchase of buildings as conval
escent homes > for , sick officers of the
army. and navy. •¦! ,
BERLIN, June 19. — Loyal subjects
are raising $1,250,000 for a silver wed
ding anniversary gift to Emperor Wil
liam and the Empress. The twenty
fifth anniversary ; of : their marriage
does not come until the 27th of next
February, but the promoters of the
scheme deemed it wise to start,sub
scriptions now.
The money will be put into a vari
ety of things which it is thought. their
Majesties will appreciate. The fol
lowing-items will, consume the most
of the money:
¦Decoration r of the Kaiser Wllhelm
Memorial Church with mosaics.
The building 'of a" memorial church
to the late Empress Augusta.
The building of a convalescent home
on the Mount of Olives near Jerusa
lem. '-.
RAISING IMMENSE SUM
FOR GIFT TO THE KAISER
THE. HAREM, ITS QUEEN AND A TURKISH BEAU.
Chemseddin Immediately eat down and wrote
a letter to the Sultan which in regard to dis
tinctness left nothing to be wished for.
The purport of the letter was as follows :
"I take the liberty of reminding your Ma
jesty that my sister is a free-born woman,
and that In this character ehe will not be
treated as a slave. . If your Majesty thinks
her worthy of looking upon, there Is, In ac
cordance with the laws of the . Almighty but
one way open and that Is that, If my sister
consents, your Majesty should marry her.
"These lines I address to your Majesty as
the Calif, whose sacred duty It Is to respect
the commandments of our religion, to protect
the weak and guard the virtue of our wives,
daughters and sisters from low designs."
That struck home. Abdul-Hamid, wild with
fury, had Chemseddln Bey arrested, ; but he
had to send the young girl home. Immedjately
after, she was married to protect h«r from
further persecution on the part of the Sultan.
Her brother was kept a prisoner ¦ two j years
and badly treated, but finally Abdul-Hamid—
to get him out of the country — gave him a
foreign post. . ,-.-..
MAKES THEM GROW BEARDS.
One',, day the Sultan was moat attentive - to
a young Tsherkess girl.' His passionate court
ing seemed to make no Impression upon her
and he wanted to know the reason of her cool
ness. "I do not like, bearded men," was the
curt reply. The Sultan bit his lip. but said
r.othlng. -.A short 'while after this the Tsher
kees maiden married a beardless secretary of
the Privy Office. On the 'morning .after their
wedding' an. order was issued, to the effect
that all secretaries of that office must let their
beards grow. | The young wife was highly
amused at,this peculiar wedding present. from
her rejected ¦ lover and on the! next opportunity
she said to the monarch with her sweetest
smile: "Thanks, your Majesty, ¦ for your kind
Intention. Tour Majesty, has reconciled ¦_¦ me
completely to. the beards of our men.' I think
his beard is exceedingly - becoming . to my hus-
found her to his taste and made advances to
her. The proud Tsherkess maiden, however,
thrust him back very energetically and made
complaints to her brother.
Chemseddin swallowed his anger _ for the
moment and asked some courtiers | In high
position to plead with Abdul-Hamid. They,
however, did not venture to mix in the affair.
At last he besought the famous Ghazl-Osman
Pasha, the hero of . Plevna, to advise him
what to do. The latter told him simply to
write to his Majesty and promised. In bis
character of court-marshal, to hand* in his
missive to the Sultan. _<;•. •*¦.**•>;
Chemseddin Bey, at present Embassador of
the Sublime Porte in Teheran, a descendant of
one of the most aristocratic families . of the
Caucasus, was at one time the .Sultan's secre
tary. He enjoyed general esteem and was
distinguished for his aristocratic, Independent
and noble character. He had "a' sister who
was strikingly beautiful, and was staying at
the imperial barcm as a guest. Abdul-Hamid
Had Abdul-Aziz examined the case a little
closer be might have discovered a romance
which was being enacted behind his back. Hii
nephew, the present Sultan. . Abdul-Hamid, lis
tening and watching everywhere, as wa» his
custom, had discovered Safi-I£az and fallen in
love with her. He poured out his heart to the
Vallde-Sultana, described his sufferings and
swore he could not endure life without the
"divine" Safi-Naz. The Vallde-Sultana, who
was fond of her nephew, promised to help him
and one day she told the Sultan, Abdul-Aziz,
that Safl-Naz was dangerously ill. From time
to time she reported to him about the condi
tion of the slave, whom he had almoat forgot
ten, and finally she announced her death. It Is
possible the Padishah believed all this. , At
any rate he took no steps to examine the case.
and Abdul-IIamid married the charming slave.
This was not to be arranged otherwise. To
possess her without marriage, Abdul-Hamid
would have had to buy her from his uncle,
and -to make such a proposal to his Majesty
would have l>c»-n an unheard of proceeding.
It goes without saying that this ! marriage re
mained a secret until Abdul-Hamid had as
cended the throne. •
DANGEROUS LETTER.
With a frankness, I might say a bravery,
which caused the other ladles of the Imperial
harem to star* at her, Safl-Naz rejected the
honor offered her by his Majesty. I am not
eure of the feelings which the sovereign har
bored, but he does not seem to have looked
upon the situation In a very tragio way, as
he shortly after made Yildlz his wife and later
elected her for the position of a Haznada
rrrasta. that Is Treasurer of the Imperial
Harem, on whom the duty of supervision of
the entire staff of courtiers and domestics de
volves.
my father to accept a tabatiere of enormous
value as a token of his deep gratitude. The
girls were shown to one of the most elegant
suite of rooms In the scrall, and surrounded by
a staff of female attendants. The Sultan con
fided them to the special care of hi a mother,
the Vallde-Sultana, and on the spur of the
moment declared his love to the older girl,
Safi-Kas, saying ha would make her his wife.
SLAVE WHO REBELLED.
When I succeeded in eluding the watchful
ness cf the spies, surrounding me by the Sul
tan's order, . hurrying, with my children to
Kurope, where my husband was staying. I
resolved to give the civilized Western countries
an Insight Into the domestic conditions of
Turkish people and awaken their sympathies
for our Just endeavors — perhaps even to gain
tl«-!r moral help. The Turkish woman at last
Is pining for. a wider. horizon. We should Iik«
to Introduce, as much of it as harmonizes with
our views, all that can . add to real progress
and Improvement. Our desire goes no further.
For we, too, in t ho land . of the East possess
much that Is good and with that wa do not
wish to part.
To speak of rights . In ' a place where the
man's will holds a woman's fate in his grasp
seems nonsensical, .indeed, and yet Turkish
women venture to hope for a change.
band." This anecdote la personally known to
me to be true. ¦
Lady Gr»y Etterton, who formerly
¦was Miss May Cuyler, has joined the
ranks of American women who are go
ing In for lavish entertaining this sea
son. Her husband is an enthusiastic
sportsman, much given to horse racing,
which, however. Lady Grey Egerton
abhors.
' Larz Anderson and Mrs. Anderson of
Boston are among the most prominent
American society people in London at
present. They are enjoying a perfect
round of entertaining and they them
selves will entertain on a lavish scale
later on. In the Duke or Sutherland's
yacht, Catania, which they chartered
recently, the Andersons also purpose
to take a party of friends for a cruise
in the Mediterranean Derore they re
turn to the United States. They dined
with the Duke and Duchess of Rox
"burghe at one of the West IZnd hotels
on three occasions during the last week
and now spend much of their time
motoring In the neighborhood of
Hampton Court and Windsor. Before
they go cruising they propose to ex
plore the Scottish highlands, when they
will stay with the Bradley-Martin*.
Lily, Duchess of Maiiborough, must
be known no longer as a "doggie"
woman. Her kennels have been for
years represented at every important
dog show In the country and she in
variably carried away some of the
most valuable prizes. The absence of
her dogs from the recent show held
at the Crystal Palace, near London,
was one of the most discussed features
of the whole exhibition. Fanciers were
puzzled over such a notaole absentee,
especially those who had no hint that
she was about to abandon dog breeding
for exhibition purposes. The recent
edict of Queen Alexandra that it would
be no longer in good taste for society
women to carry their "toys" while pay
ing visits is one of the reasons that has
prompted the Dowager Duchess in her
action.
been spending the~winter with the Gov
ernor of Ceylon, accompanied by Miss
Hughes, who is always in attendance
on royalty, and in an unofficial way by
the Hon. Alec Yorke, the late Queen'3
equerry. So pleased was . Princess
Louise with her tour in the East and
her stay in Ceylon that the Governor
and Lady Blake Induced her to spend
three months with them. But the
Princess has now returned to London
and, being royalty, is obliged to keep
up a certain amount of state, and this
on the merest pittance, for her income
of $10,000 a year is hardly a munificent
sum for a royal personage to live upon.
She does not make her home in May
fair, but has a small house in Queens
borough Terrace, Bayswater. which is
anything but a fashionable district.
DUCHESS FOREGOES DOGS.
As the result of this outrageous case
the Princess is extremely shy and, al
though tall and slight and most charm
ing to those whom she knows well,
carries in her face a touch of sadness
that appeals mightily to every one who
knows of the almost inhuman cruelty
to which she has been subjected. Her
health-has been so impaired that she has
Some years ago this daughter of
Princess Christian was given in mar
riage to Prince Aribert of Anhalt, a
German princeling who, after heaping
miseries upon her did not scruple to
place upon her the ignominy of divorce.
His excuse for this action was that she
had borne him no heir, and by availing
himself of an old feudal law, which
holds in all the little German medi
atized states, giving divorce on such
grounds, he was able to push his claim
successfully. The whole scandal was
rigorously hushed up from the English
side, and his wife in name only was
not even permitted by her relatives to
appeal or protest against such an un
warrantable excuse..
UNHAPPY AS A WIFE.
LONDON, May 2S. — Probably
Princess Louise Augusta of Schleswig-
Holstein. King Edward's niece, wishes
heartily that she were not a woman of
the blood royal. Or perhaps It would
be better to say wishes that she wer*
not the bearer, of a "courtesy title,**
for the rank thus conferred is prevent
ing the Princess from following the
dictates of her heart. Her mother Is
Princess Christian, one of the daugh
ters of Queen Victoria, and by royal
warrant her father was granted the
prefix of "H. R. H." and permission
given that his children should be
highnesses. As the bearer of this royal
title, 'Princess Louise Augusta cannot
marry a commoner — which is exactly
what she wants to do. The man who
has won her heart is English and well
known in society here, but at present
his name cannot be divulged.
It Is not that marriage once tried
proved such a happiness to her that
this royal woman would wish to marry
again, for those who have been in a po
sition to know say that no ordeal in
history surpasses in refinement of
cruelty and brutality the married life
of Princess Louise.
VIENNA, June 16.— Princess Hairle
Eefcaiad. a born Turkish Princess,
daughter of the late Mahmoud Pasha
Ben-Ayad, recently addressed a crowd
«>d meeting of the Vienna Women's
Clubs and gave her auditors a glimpse
into the darkest corner of the Otto
man empire— the hsrem. But it is
¦what che was not permitted to say.
rather than what she said, that con
cerns this article.
Driven cut by too much freedom of
epeerb about the Sultan from the
Turkish realm into Western civiliza-»
tion, the Princess is devoting herself
to a campaign against the ignorance
and barbarism prevailing in the do
minions cf Abdul Hamid. After lec
turing in some of the principal Euro
j/*an cities, the Princess has planned
;i vi^it to the United States, where she
hopes to enlist the aid of the progres
sive American woman in behalf of her
ignorant and oppressed Turkish sister.
Lecturing in Austria is not the
Kim pie matter that it is in America
or England. Before a public meeting
*a:i be called in Vienna the permis
sion of the police must first be ob
tained and the Chief of Police sends a
representative to the meeting, who oc
cupies a seat on the platform and has
the power to close the proceedings
immediately if anything is said or
done which is likely to be at all dis
pleasing to the authorities. In the
case of a prepared lecture a copy
must first be submitted to the police
for their approval and censorship.
Princess Hairie's lecture appears to
hive contained many things displeas
ing to the official mind and when she
received the copy back she found that
.onsiderable portions of it had been
completely cut out.
I have obtained from the Princess
the prohibited parts and they follow
in her own words. Why the Vienna
police should have been so sensitive
regarding the feelings of Abdul Hamid
ftl nd his court is somewhat difficult to
smagine. but it is easy enough to see
why Turkey is not a safe place for
the Princess, for this suppressed lec
ture is perhaps the most vivid picture
of the condition of Turkish women
that was ever given from an authori
tative source. Here is what the Aus
trian police wouldn't let her Highness
pays :
COMPELLED TO BE IGNORANT.
Tb* Islam, in its proper sense, affords to
the Turkish wife rights and privileges which
rolpht tatitfy the most fastidious European.
Hut the Government forces the Mussulman
won-an to pine away under the curse of utter
jpnoranc*. At Bchool, if the goes to school
et all, ehe only mechanically learns to read
the Koran. The Koran, however, being writ
ten in Arabic, ehe naturally cannot understand
a word cf it. 1 In . this way she does not
•>ven get to know her own religion — for the
Interest cf the state ordains that the Mussul
man woman be made acquainted m«-ely with
fcer outward form, not with her true spirit.
For the tame reason, first her parents and
later her husband generally forbid the woman
all reading, even the reading of such nem-s
papere a* appear after having passed the cen
¦-¦'.-;¦ of the authorities.
I do not think I take too gloomy a view
when I lr.sist that the entire country of Turkey
fcf-earcely possesses 100 educated women, and
of these not one was brought up in a Turkish
school. AH had foreign teachers. But even
this does not suit the Sultan. Three years
ego h* published a law prohibiting Turkish
families from engaging foreign tutors or
Covernesses. Let me give a description of the
wrangeraent* for a Turkish engagement of
marriage.
The female relatives of the young man
wishing to marry look about for a maiden
for whom a husband is wanted. Once found.
th» maiden is brought in. clothed in her most
gorgrous cttlr«. end Is bidden to seat herself
on a chair in the middle of the room. The
visitors contemplate, belittle, disrobe her with
their piercing glances. The man haa expressed
a wish for a plump blonde with blue eyes.
This girl, however, is a brunette, thin and has
r>!»ck eye». What matter if she but finds
favor in the eyes of these relatives?
One of the visitors — the young man's mother,
if the be present — prcstes a klsa upon the fore
head cf the article, and the contract is made.
If the girl doe* not p)**se them they withdraw
without going through even the formality of
saying, '"Well, we shall see, we may call
again."
A TURKISH WEDDING.
When the «i;.y of the wedding has been fixed
en authorized person and two witnesses of
the euitor go to the residence of the maiden's
parents, where an attorney and two witnesses
of the olher oarty await them, and in the
presence cf the invited guests and relatives
the ceremony takes place.
The choscn one is placed in a room In which
besides htrself there are generally only- her
mot'ier, fistc-rs and near relatives. The door
is left ajar. The man who acts as the attor
r « f of the maiden then askc her In a loud
vo.ee from the next room whether he Is au
thorized by her to contract the marriage. It
often happens that the girl, gives no answer.
Thrre times her representative repeats his
fju^ntioii and it the martyr remains obdurately
Fiknt, her mother or some other relative, by
punching her, cuffing her and dragging her by
the hair, try to force hrr to answer. If elie
ftlll resists, cne of the women often Imitates
l>cr voice end answers for her. "Tes." After
thlf doubtful "yen* the marriage contract Is
finally rettled. The husband does not consider
liimfxir the companion, friend or protector of
his wife. He has the right— if eo it pleases
him, to put her out of doers the morning after
thr wedding.
It U net nfldom that a girl of 14 years
!k sacrifice 1 to a man of 70 years. For this
s-he hae one compensation! She is held up
a* a rplendld example to other women,
loaded on to despair, some women try to
intimidate their husbsnds by » every means
wftliln their reach, particularly when they are
more clever tlian the men. When the late
1 aavroyonl Pasha, former body-physician to
AImJuI Hamid. wished to leave his wife she
acquainted the Sulian with the fact that his
tbjttclun and cooQdant possessed notes, to
which h<> daily added observations mad* con
cerning his Majesty's sickness.. There wu a
searching of the house by the magistrates, the
papers r.rre seized, and the physician himself,
after thirty years of faithful service, fell Into
disgrace.
The wife of another of the Sultan's physi
cian*. Emln Pasha, who was suspected by his
wife of Infidelity, notified the Sultan that her
husband was involved in a conspiracy, against
the life of the Padishah. Emln Pasha was
¦cot into exile and to this very day his where
about? is unknown. /"
THE SURTAX'S ONE WIFE.
. According to law slavery no longer exists In
Turkey, but in reality it flourishes there, as
much as it ever did. without any authority
daring to interpose. And that Is not so sur
prialwg if one considers that the Sultan'a pal
aces are settlements of slaves. The Sultan's
wives are all slaves — all with the exception of
one legitimate wife — a wife who originally had
also been a tlave, but whom, however, he had
to many- This young girl, by name Safi-Naz,
¦was. like her two sisters, a slave of my father.
Mahmoud Pasha Ben-Ayad.
My father presented the late Sultan, Abdul-
Aziz, with Safi-Naz and one of her sisters,
Tildii. These human gifts were handed over
with romp and luxury, according to the wealth
of th«- donor. Safl-Xaz and Tlldiz were dressed
in silk and brocade, their brows encircled by a
diadem. th« stones of which shone and sparkled
in every color of the rainbow. Their ears, fin
gers and girdles were literally studded with
diamonds. Their beaming beauty harmonized
well with the dazzling splendor of the gems.
I think I may boldly assert that nowhere, ex
cept in the Orient, could such splendor be
irr.ajjincd.
The two young maidens were handed over
in roost ceremonious style by one of my fath
er's eunuchs under guidance of Guirdi Ahmed
Atrha, at the time a clerk at the notarial office
in Stambul. Abdul- Aziz was eo deeply affected
by the eight of the two beautiful slaves that
he directly inquired in what manner he might
return the compliment. He gave each servant
5O0 Turkish pounds, about $2200. and begged
King of England's
Niece Loves
Unwisely.
Emperor Francis' Police Censor
Cuts Out Most of the Im
portant Facts.
Wanted to Tell Terrible Truth
Regarding Ottoman Mar
riage Law.
Title Prevents Her
Marriage to a
Commoner.
TURKIC PRINCESS IS BARRED BY AUSTRIAN AUTHORITIES
FROM DELIVERING LECTURE ON PRIVATE LIFE OF THE SULTAN
Pages 17 to 20
Pages 17 to 20
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 19,y 1904.Native Sons.
. In. the -last • days .of : May > Olympus
Parlor had a very pleasant entertain
ment followed by: a dance in its hall at
317 rDevisadero street.- The entertain
ment was ; a success,, the; several num
bers presented for. the ; pleasure of the
many who^were: present: being especial
ly i. pleasing. v The; > contributors : j were
MiBS.,Geraldine Burke, ,\ini? specialties;
William Altmann,~ in whistling solos;
Miss Ethel Delmara and Miss Butz-
The Americans.
General Director H. C. Lewis of tha
Americans during the past week, ap
pointed fourteen special deputies for
various parts of the State.
. California Assembly No. 1 at its meet-
Ing last week after the transaction of
routine business had an open meeting,
during which there was a pleasing
programme of varied numbers and an
interesting debate, on "If the Japanese
defeat the Russians will that affect the
civilzation of the world?"
Oakland Assembly No. 2 at its meet
ing last week initiated fifteen strangers.
The director general has been advised
that the assembly being organized in
Berkeley will be: ready for institution
before the close of the current month.
San Francisco Assembly No. 3 being
organized by Special Organizer O*Kiley,
will be instituted Tuesday, June 2L
Knights Templar.
Golden Gate Commandery, Knights
Templar, at its meeting June 6 bal
loted for two candidates for orders and
had work In the Temple degree. At
the following meeting there will also
be work in the conferring of the order
of the Temple. To-morrow night
there will be several candidates to
ballot for. The drill corps of this Com
mandery has elected the following
named officers for the current term:
W. Edwards, commandant; George Fil
mer, senior, and Thomas Trebell. Junior
warden; E. S. Benedict, treasurer;
Theo. Frolich. secretary. There will
not be any drills of the corps during
June. The next one will be in the
Lick House on the night of July 7.
The Maccabees.
Great Commander S. W. Hall of the
Knights. of the Maccabees has opened
headquarters in the Crossley building.
The Past Commanders' Association,
composed . of past officers of tents in
this city and in the bay counties, is an
assured fact. At a meeting held last
week a committee was appointed to
prepare a constitution and , by-laws.
The organization proposes to. have a
reunion once a year and also proposes
to pay fraternal visits : to the different
tents. It will on such visits offer its
services' to the tents to assist in degree
work if such should prove acceptable.
.San Francisco Tent at its last review
had several applications for member
ship. Golden West Tent also had sev
eral, applications, . and Pacific Tent is
keeping .in line .with the .others.
During the past month Mission Tent
conferred th*, degree on eighten
strangers.
Oakland Tent .held a memorial service
last week, and \ the several [ numbers
that were offered, as well as the ora
tion, were listened to with a great deal
of attention. .. x ;
San Francisco Tent, has elected the
following named to serve as, Its officers
for the.ensulng term: I. Gurmendez.
past commander:. Carl,J. Lenzen, com
mander;.E. y.. Hollingsworth, | lieuten
ant commander; D...B. Richards, . record
keeper; Theo Frollch, finance keeper;
I. W. Story, chaplain ; R. N. Murphy,
sergeant; C- S.: Cayanaugh, , master at
arms;. George A. Stevens, first M. of G.;
Nordlen- Knudsen, second -M. -of G.; G.
A. Samish, sentinel; W. B. Greenberff,
Modern Woodmen.
The several camps of the Modern
Woodmen of. America of this city, of
Alameda County, Santa Rosa and'Pet
aluma are making j arrangements to
tender, the .head consul^ of the order
a grand reception; upon his arrival
here July 7. The several camps have
appointed, committees to arrange for
a public, meeting and a programme of
entertainment.
Occidental Camp at its last meeting
had one adoption and three applica
tions, i j . .:.;•.¦;. ' . . • : ;;
fj Gooodfellowship Camp at its meet
yig last week had several applications
and an adoption. :.
.The -Royal- Neighbors at its last
meeting had several adoptions and re
ceived a number of applications. It
also received aij invitation to attend
an open meeting to be held by Oak
land Camp on the last Thursday in
the : current month. It is. probable
that the members of this subordinate,
will accompany Goodfellowship and
Occidental camps on their visit to
Oakland. ' ; ¦ •
Golden Gate Camp of Oakland has
arranged .for an entertainment and
dance in the Maccabee Temple in
Oakland on the night of June 30.
The memorial service, recently held
by the members of the local camps of
the Modern Woodmen and- the camp
of Royal Neighbors was very-credit
able to the order. -The Neighbors vis-'
ited the cemeteries, where the graves
of deceased members were strewn with
beautiful; flowers in loving -remem
brance of the departed Neighbors and
in, the evening service appropriate to
the occasion was held in the. hallv of
Goodfellowship Camp in Pythian Cas
tle. There were present a large num
ber of the members of that camp, o(
Occidental Camp and of the camp of
Royal Neighbors, also many of the
members ¦ of Oakland Camp on- the
other side- of the bay. <¦ Those who as
sisted in the. service .were Mr. Lemani
Annie Cort, Professor Delroy, D. Flaln
nagan ¦ and A. H. Johansen. ;In addi
tion to. the musical , and {literary,num
bers there j was? an. address on • the • or
der and -the . observance -of ; memorial
day by J. O. Davis; a eulogy by Dr.
Rathborie Sisters.
Supreme Senior :Lydia A.. Monroe of
the «Rathbooe, Sisters,, a, resident of
Riverside, recently organized- ; and ? in-,
stituted a grand temple of the*! order
In Arizona and one in the State of
Nevada. ¦:;...-.. ;.:,>.,•/- . . .-. ,
San Francisco- Temple : No. 11. had .-a
very enjoyable social in its lodge room
in the Pythian Castle on the evening
of the last Thursday in May. It was
conducted under the f direction of ( the
jsocial committee. -pf ,the temple, -cfcm
"posed of Miss Maude Whigham and
Mesdames Worbes, Ward, Arnold, Bray
and Brock. There "were present on
that, occasion members. .of the order
from Stockton and San Luis Obispo
and from the other temples of this
city.. . ' .
The following named ihave been
elected officers for the ensuing term by
San Francisco* Temple,' No. ¦ 11:= Miss
Maude Whigham, P. C:; Mrs. Lavinia
Cope, M. E. G.; Mrs. AUice Law Vere,
E. S.; Mrs. Jennie Handel, E. J.; Mrs.
Elizabeth Burns, .< Man.;; Mrs. sEmma
Scholfield, M; of R. and C; Mrs. Anna
Terry, M. of F.: Mrs. May Emerick/
P. of T.; Mrs. Bessie Hampton, G. of
T., and Mrs. Grace Bray, Tr. ¦ ¦
The following named have been elect
ed as the officers of Golden Gate Circle
No. 70 for the next term: Miss Myrtle
Saylor, P. c.; Mrs., Annie Elkington,
M. E.' C.;,Mrs. Bertha Klemm. E.S.;
Mrs. iNora M. Andrews, ; E. J.; Mrs.
Pauline Saylor, Man.; Mrs. Cora K.
Thomson, M. of R.,and C; Mrs. Lizzie
Armstrong, M. of., F.;- Mrs. Dulcia
Bruce,, P. of T., and Mrs. ( Marie Diet
erich, G. of T. :. f ] . • , ; ¦ <
The term which is ,. closing was... a
most successful . one for San Francisco
Temple, under the very efficient guid
ance, of Most Eminent Chief Maude
Whigham. This temple has appointed
Mesdames; .Broen, Burns, .Cope, Cun
ning and. Dunn a committee to arrange
for,- a social ,to..b& given on the last
meeting night t in ; the month,,; The cqm-r
mittee will present something new. and
novel; on that occasion , for the -enter
tainment of^.all_ who shall attend.
Past Grand Patriarch J. \v. Har
ris will insUtute an encampment at
Kelseyvtlle, Lake County, Saturday
June 25. '
On the night of June 25 the mem
bers of Templar Rebekah Lodge wiir*
tender ; a reception to the past presi
dent of the California Assembly, Mrs*
Alma I. Jensen, and to the noble
grand of the lodge, who was recently
married. The reception will be fol
lowed by a banquet. .
The officers . of the several Rebekah
lodges for the ensuing ,term will be
Mrs. Dora L. Gardner, Tresident of
the California Rebekah Assembly, an
nounces the following official visita
tions for July and August: Rising
Star Rebekah Lodge, Sacramento, July
7; Orange Grove. Oroville. July 8;
Cherokee. Cherokee. July 9; Plumas*.
Crescent Mills. July 12; Social, Susan
ville, July 15; Janesville, Janesviue,
July 16; Mount Bidwell, Fort Bidwell'
July 19; Northern, Alturas, July n'
Mystic Jewel. Adin. July 22- Juliet'
Bieber Ju7>- 23: Fall River. Fall River
Mills. July 25; Helena, Red BlunVJuly
2S; James L. Ridgely, Gridley, August
2; Durban, Biggs, August 3; Alta
Durham. August 5; Beulah. Cfaico'
August 6; Minnehaha. Marysville, Aug-'
ust.8; Elwood. Wheatland. August 9-
Sodality, Smartsville, August 10- Or
ir.da. Sheridan. August 11, and Citru«*
Lincoln, August 12.
Grand Secretary Shaw instituted
Santa Rita Lodge at Dos Palos last
week-
Odd Fellowship.
Improved Redmanship.
The team of Manzanita Council of
the Degree of Pocahontas, accompanied
by about eighty members, left this city
on the General Frisbie on the afternoon
of the first Saturday in June for Val
lejo to visit Ioka Council and confer the
highly dramatic degree of the order on
sixteen oalefaces for the visited coun
cil. On that evening the Vallejo coun
cil also received a visit from the degree'
team of Wawona Council . of • Sapta
Rosa, and this team also did work in
the adoption line. The tepee of the vis
ited council was crowded, there being
nearly "00 members of the order, pres
ent. The work by the team of Manza
nita Council, which is known far ajid
wide in the reservation for perfectness
of rendition and strong dramatic effect,
presented the degree with electrical ef
fects, and was lauded for the manner
of the adoption. v At the close of the
work the visitors from both cities were
the guests of the membership - of; the
VaJlejo council, and after an excellent
supper and speeches there was danc
ing. The. following day. the visitors
were the guests of the Vallejoltes. They
were entertained with a trip to the
navy yard, a \ vaudeville show, and
luncheon and then with other features
until it was time to. leave, for [¦ home.
Ioka Council was pleased with .the vis
itors, and the visitors were delighted
with Ioka Council. |
Alfarata Council, Daughters of Poca
hontas, opened a "Deestrict Skule" at
the Mission Opera-house on the third
Saturday in June. This was followed
by dancing.
Calumet- Tribe has elected the follow
ing named as its chiefs for the ensuing
term: D. J. Ralph, S.; J. I. Petrie,, S.
S.; J. H. Hutchison. J. Si; Daniel Teare.
P.; H. J. Willis. C. of.R.; M. C. Ran
dolph. C. of W.; J. Gallagher, K. of W.I
William P. Van Arsdale, treasurer; Dr.
Charles M. Troppmann, M. M. This
tribe at its last council had its team
confer the adoption degree for the first
time, and to the credit of those com
posing it the work was presented in a
very acceptable manner.
The various tribes of this city are
making arrangements for the Red
Men's picnic, to be held in Glen Park
on July 4.
Altahmos Tribe is arranging for an
entertainment and dance, to be given
in Union Square HaH July 16, in aid of
the widow . and orphan of the late
Thomas Kayer, one of the members of
the tribe, who accidentally killed
on the steamer Algoa last February.
During the last thirty days Modoc
Tribe has adopted thirty palefaces.
Wlnnemucca Tribe is getting ready
to adopt ten palefaces at its last meet
ing nisht this month.
. Sotoyome Tribe has arranged for an
at home on the evening of June 25.
Great Chief of Records of the Great
Coi^cil of the United States and his
wifeTTeft for Denver last week:
. Great j Incohonee Harrison and Mrs.
Harrison were, present last, week in
Union Square Hall at an adaption con
ferred by the team'of .Manzanita Coun
cil. •. The t distinguished visitors stated
that they had witnessed .* the degree
given by teams of other councils, but
The Eastern Star.
After a short business meeting on the
evening of June 14 Ivy Chapter of the
Eastern Star had a parlor concert,
when a number of the members who
are musically gifted entertained. Among
recent additions to the chapter are Pro
fessor J. L. von der Mehden, who en
tertained with 'cello selections, and M.
Sykes, who gave selections on the
French horn. On the evening: of the
28th the officers and members of Mis
sion Chapter will visit Ivy. At 9 o'clock
the officers of the visited chapter will
vacate their stations, which will be
filled by those of Mission, who will con
fer the degree of the order on a number
of candidates for the visited chapter*
This will be followed by a banquet, un
der the direction of Mesdames Norman.
Maxon, McAlpine. Merthens, McKay,
McLain, Martin, Miller and Noble, and
Messrs, Mathesen. Myers, Miller, Mur
phy and Madden.
Beulah Chapter at its meeting on the
second Monday in June elected three <
candidates who want to become mem
bers. These and several others will be
Initiated at the next meeting.
Thia being the vacation season, the
chapters in this city are not very busy
in the social line at this time, but ail
are doing something for the good of the
order. Mission. Golden Gate, Olive
Branch and King Solomon chapters
have each elected candidates.
The grand matron has been on a tour
of visitations in the extreme northern
part of the State. She has been with
the chapters at Weaverville, Redding,
Etna Mills and Dunsmuir.
, Ancient Order Workmen.
Carnation Lodge No. 117 of the De
gree of Honor. A. O. U. W., will give
a social in the Western Hall of the
Shiels building on the evening of
June 24. ... .
The committee having charge of the
anniversary entertainment to .be held
in the Pioneer building on June 29 by
Valley. Lodge No. ,30 announces that
in addition to "a good programme of
entertainment, there will be refresh
ments. Ice cream and a jolly good time
for the members, their families and
their friends." ,
Forget-Me-Not> Lodge, D. of H., was
most delightfully . surprised on the
evening of the second Saturday in
June to receive an unannounced visit
from i Shield Lodge of San Mateo. The
members of that . body ;came unexpect
edly, took possession of Kie lodge room
and the banquet hall. As soon as the
local lodse closed the visitors invited
the members to accompany them to
the banquet hall and taey were sur
prised to find that the visitors had pro
vided a first-class collation. The mem
bership then joined in as one jolly
family at the festal board, and after
the disposition of the dainty and de
licious, eatables, .the remainder of ..the
evening, until midnight was passed in
speech making, music and songs. This
will Jong be remembered by Forget-
Me-Not Lodge as cne of the most en
joyable evenings it has nad for many
months. Shield Lodge has an A No. 1
reputation , for hospitality and ability
to entertain and gave proof of that
on that evening.
bach,. i who; rendered vocal solos with
pleasing effect;, Harold Cosgrave, 12
yea.r-old violinist, who astonished the
audience by r his ability to handle the
bow, his rendition of Sarasate's "Gyp
sies" being remarkable for its' excel
lence, sit was the opinion of all who
heard him that the youngster will yet
astonish all -music loving people. .The
comedy, part of the'. programme was
furnished by Joseph Sullivan and Billy
Hynes. The affair was under the man
agement of the following named:
Chris S. Maher, R. Cullen, W. L Burns,
Julius Epstein, Frank J. Taylor C. S.
White, rJohn Cosgrove, John Stumpf,
Fritz Ernest and. George - McCormack.
R. Gullen was the floor manager, •
California Parlor No. 1 will take part
In the Fourth of July procession in
Palo. Alto and the festivities that are
to follow. The matter is under the su
pervision of Dr. C. W. Decker and Pro
fessor, James P. Dockery. -.The parlor
will. have, its: "great big, drum corps"
in line and , in the; afternoon after the
literary exercises it will confer the ar
gonaut ]degree t on several .Native. Sons
of ¦ Santa u CIaraj Valley. , * A number of
new. features i will be introduced.: , v
;. Pacific Parlor has fleeted the follow
ing inamedl'as officers, for the.en§uing
term:,; E. J. Lynch, past president; W.
F. Dahl. president; J. C. Allen,- G. W.
Little and Dr. F. I. -, Gonzalez, vice
presidents; Henry Dahl, marshal;,,, G.
G. Fraser,: financial, and J. -C. Miller,
recording secretary, and R. A. Morton,
trustee.
» —
Fraternal Brotherhood.
Dr. Blanch^ Sanborn. a prominent
member of San Francisco Lodge of
the Fraternal .Brotherhood, .also, -, a
Rebekah and member of the Degree
of Honor,. left.la«t r week, for St. Louis
to visit -World's- Fair. • She will
be absent about: three weeks. '
-.Columbia, .Lodge. has : elected the
followfci'g named as officers for the
ensuing term: H. S. Hobbs, presi
dent, w to,, succeed .A. J. Rossi, who, by
virtue of his office. ...will become the
junior past, president; Mrs. M. Nel
son, vice .president; Miss C McCor- '
mick, chaplain; S. A, Smith, secrer
tary. (re-elected);,: C. H. Dean,., ser
geant ;. J. ; Dean, mistress al, arms; W.
E.: ; Brown;. inner doorkeeper,, and retir
ing Sergeant- Smith, outer, doorkeeper;
Mrs. Konnig, musician (re-elected);
Mrs.- Thompson and- L. Cain, \ trustees;
L^N. Gedsby and P. Shajn, finance com-j
mittee. . -The officers will be installed
at; the. first meeting. in July. .The en
tertainment and dance that ; was given
for the: relief of .one of the lady mem
bers of the lodge who is, sick; was, .a
success, , socially and g financially. , : The
good results, of ;the affair was due: to
the efforts of Messrs. Perry and Cain,
who worked very hard to secure a
goodly; sum for the benefit of the dis
tressed, member, v,: .^f s; . ;.f •' v» ¦-,".,. r^,;/.
..When-.MissioniLodsre held its meet
ing on ; the second' Thursday in June
and initiated twenty-three candidates,
making flftyrnine since March 15. last,,
it. . believed; ithat <it'.had won .in r the
contest .-.with Columbia Lodge, ,as it
was then <¦ about twent-seyen ' ahead,
button the second ' Monday in - the
month therewas a change In the.af
fairs, j for on that \ nJght^ there •. were
presented to the lodge flf ty-one j I ap
plicatlonsv Of this number thirty-six
were,;, initiated, and ; that ; placed,Co
lumbia far,, ahead of ,¦ As. a
result-ot'thla : contest. the. members of
Columbia -will dine at the expense of
Mission Lodge. The time for the
supper has not yet been fixed.
J. E. Thomas has been appointed
a special deputy for Maple Leaf
Lodge of Oakland.
.PROMINENT MEMBERS £>F FRATERNAL ORDERS.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Court Occidental of the Ancient Or
der of Foresters will have a reunion of
its members and friends and picnic at
Fairfax Park. Monday. July 4. , There
will be game and gate prizes jand the
affair will be conducted under. the di
rection of the following, named as a
committee of ¦ arrangements: Fred
Rothschild* Karl Iber. G. A. Rowland,
Joseph Iber,, W. J. Bios, Joseph > Baker,
J. Stein, D. E. Bessecker, William Wal
lace,. C. .Schneider, George McMartin,
W. W. Wills, f F. C. Herrick, Dr. G. O.
Rader, E. A. M. Gilbert, George Evans,
H. Lemser, W. L. Hunt, I.\ H. Hor r
wood, T. Kelly and George Frledmann.
Deputy High Chief Ranger Field' is
at this time working In 'Auburn and
vicinity, assisting the courts, in that
locality and laying the foundation for a
new court. . :-. ; -,• ¦<. - : .;;. ¦¦•-¦;¦<•
A few evenings since Past Supreme
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Valente
tendered a luncheon, at her home, to
Supreme Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
George J. Berger. It was a very pleas
ant affair that was attended by Mcs
dames Boehm,, Asmann, Cummins,
Schuerin, Sawyer, Nicols and Valente.'
The guest of the evening expressed
herself as highly flattered with the
compliment paid her' by her predeces
sor in office. ... .._,
The executive council of the Compan
ions of the Forest held a meeting last
week for the purpose of discussing the
work to be performed during the cur
rent term. After the meeting the mem
bers of the council paid a fraternal
visit to California Circle and had a
pleasant time. ,.-.-
Loyal Circle has elected the -following
named for the ensuing term: Cora
Lindsay, C. C; R. Ebbitts, S. C. C;
Companion Daley, R.G.; Hazel Rich
mond, L. G.; Companion Gfroerer, ,F.
S. ; S. Bacon, R. S.; Companion Marks,
T,; Companion Cave, I. G.; Companion
Moran, O. . G.: F. .Zimmerman; Grace
Garrett and Companion Havey, trus
tees; Dr. McGill, physician. Mrs. Mary
Large was recommended, for the posi
tion of deputy grand chief companion
for. the circle. This circle^ had a -very
pleasant at. home: on- the evening. of
June 14 and on the night of the 22d
will give a social In the A. O. F. build
ing. . .-.¦:..:.-- , .- :., 0 \ &UH
- Chief Companion . Mrs. ;. Williams of
Utah Circle of Murray, Utah, and her
husband are in. this city on a visit and
last week . called on Supreme Grand
Secretary. Miss Falconer.
High Chief Ranger Sanford is on va
cation. He will visit the fair at St.
Louis.
National Union.
,- Berkeley Council of, ,the National
Union at its meeting last week /ten
dered- a, grand reception to General
Deputy Joseph* A.' Wilson on the oc
casion of | his , first visit since his ap
pointment. /The Council promised- to
have, ten; candidates for him at r the
next . meeting. , After the business of
the" evening | there was a j supper and
much , enthusiastic talk for the ad
vancement; of the order in that sec
tion '-and the , order In general, j ) :¦¦
¦Pacific Council at its last held meet
ing ¦;• had fou^ ; candidates to \ initiate.
Under good for, ( the order there waa,a
pleasant, hour of entertainment. .. «••
".Golden -Gate ; Council had jjthree
strangers to Initiate. General. Deputy
Wilson ; was on hand and addressed the
meeting, telling of the progress. of the
order. and urging the members to "get
several more of those men. 1 '- » ; -
.California Council is right, in the
swim. At its meeting last week it had
eight candidates to initiate and -re-*
celved several applications. ; Under
good of. the order the speaker,fur
nished a pleasing programme of en
tertainment. ..-.; • . ¦:..;
General Deputy Wilson <*»-looking
around for suitable quarters to be used
as the headquarters of the order. He
wants . a . front room on a prominent
thoroughfare and when he secures
such it will be a place where the local
councils will ! have, an opportunity to
hold committee meetings. . .. -j,.-
California Assembly No. . 1 j of . the
Ladies of the National Union gave an
indoor "picnic in ..the • Native Sons'
building on the night of its first meet
ing in June. \ It was well. attended. and
was a great success. Nellie Havey,
the first vice president, was the mis
tress of ceremonies during the even
ing. Mrs. D. Oliver Jr.,* the president
of the assembly,; is still in the country
and is improving in* health. : : This,;as
sembly will elect its new officers; July
6 and on that evening a nuinber of
propositions for-, the advancement of
the assembly will be presented. .;;.
San Francisco Council of the Na
tional Union at its meeting last' week
initiated two strangers and after, the
work of the evening there j was an in
teresting game" of whist with members
of El Capitan Council. V
installed at the first meeting: of each
lodge in July. ; . ; r
Recently the lodges of Oakland
have been quite busy tendering re
ceptions. There was a reception by
Absit Invidia Lodge to Ella Van C.
Court, who was appointed deputy for
that organisation. There was a very
large attendance and a most enjoy
able time was had. Oakland Lodge
showed its appreciation of the* ap
pointment of Grace E. McPhall as
chaplain of the assembly by tendering
her a reception. This was attended
by many of the officers of the as
sembly and by a delegation from Ori
ental Lodge of thia city. Sunset
Lodge of Oakland also was apprecia
tive of the fact that Myrtle E. Pet
tingale. one of its members, was ap
pointed inside guardian of 'the as
sembly. There was a reception to her
and a collation.
The door prize party given by
Loyal Rebekah Lodge on the setond
Mondaj* in June was a decided suc
cess. It was the last given under the
supervision of the present officers and
it proved as enjoyable an affair as
was ever given by this lodge. There
was a recitation by Grace Reed,
Bpecialties by H. W. Osthoff, vocal se
lections by Alice Barrett, instru
mental selections by E. Simons and
ballads by E. Neugle. The programme
was followed by dancing until mid
night. The affair was conducted un
der the direction of Mrs.Tillie Craig,
vice grand, assisted by Mrs. Barney,
Mrs. Ella Nixon. Laurien Perry, J.
T. Carron and M. Henderson.
Excelsior Degree Lodge Xo, 2 has
elected "Charles J. Thelen degree mas
ter, M. H. Ludlow deputy degree mas*
ter and re-elected the secretary and
treasurer.
To-mqrrow night Fidelity Lodge
will have a social hour for its mem
bers.
The session of the Supreme Council
which closed a few days since at Fort
Monroe was one of the most im
portant in the history cf the Royal Ar
canum. California was represented by
S. H. Boynton of Los Angeles. It was
decided to bar from membership any
one in the army not a commissioned
officer and in the navy all below the
rank of petty officer; no rebate of fees
to medical examiner will be allowed to
applicants; an amendment to allow
members t© be reinstated within thirty
days after suspension, on presentation
of a certificate from a physician and
paying arrearages, was referred to a
committee to report at the next ses
sion; a proposition to admit minors
into the order was again defeated; a
proposition to extend the order into
Manitoba and Canada was defeated;
a proposition prohibiting the issuance
of circulars advocating lottery schemes
was adopted; it was decided to improve
the official organ and to mail a copy to
<?ach member of the order; jewels de
vised for representatives, alternates,
grand trustees and standing commit
tees were adopted; the present order
of installation of the officers was re
versed; conviction of a member of the
order for a felony or for a misdemean
or, punishable by imprisonment, will
hereafter be ground for expulsion; cer
tificates shall become void if a member
becomes a habitual drunkard or habit
ual user of cocaine, opium or morphine
or shall die while violating any law of
the land; it was decided that councils
may nominate at the last stated meet
ing in November, the election to be
held at the first meeting in December.
A proposition to obtain official recogni
tion for the Court of Royal Ladies was
lost. There were also a number of
changes in the laws as to membership.
During the session General Fitzhugh
Lee presented to Supreme Regent Rob
inson a gavel made from the wood of
the first church built in Jamestown,
Va. Atlantic City was chosen as the
next place of meeting.
The following officers wore installed
for the current term: Supreme regent,
A. S. Robinson of St. Louis, Mo.; su
preme vice regent, Howard C. Wiggins
of Rome, N. T. ; supreme orator, Rob-\
<rt Van Sands of Chicago. 111.; su
preme secretary. W. O. Rqbson of Bos
ton, Mass.; sitting past supreme re
gent, J. A. Langfitt cf Pittsburg, Pa.;
supreme treasurer, E. A. Skinner of
Westfield. X. Y. ; supreme auditor. Al
fred T. Turner of Boston, Mass.; su
preme chaplain, Rev. E. H* Le isenring
•^ Chambersburg, Pa.; pbpreme guide,
H. S. Burkhardt of Chicago, II!.; su
preme warden, I. W. Caulfield of New
York. X. Y. ; supreme sentry, R. M.
Millican of Evan^ville, laid.; supreme
trustees, J. M. Johnson of Chicago, III.;
Charles H. Prentice of Hartford, Conn.',
and Uriah W. Tompkins of Ne\v York;
elective member of executive commit
tee, C. H. Bo wen of Pawtucket. R. I.;
committee on finance. Charles J. Tay
5or of 3altir~.ore, Md.; W. F. Irvine of
Norfolk, Va. f and J. G. Lester of Cov
ington, Q a .; committee on lasrsj John
Haskell Butler of Boston.- Mass.; A. C
Salmon of New York. X. V.. and \V. H.
Shoemaker of Philadelphia, Pa.; com
mittee on appeals, D. F. Macwatt of
Sarnia, Ontario; H. I. Bowne of Hobo
ken, N. J., and W. M. Giller of Omaha.'
Xebr.; committee on council work, J.
B. Tresldder of Montreal. Province of
Quebec; Ben Brady of Ohio and Claude
R. Zappone of Washington, D. C.
that for perfectness . of . memorized
work and for impressive dramatic ef
fect they -have never seen. It excelled.
Pocahontas Tribe will give a dance
in the Post-street wigwam June 24.
C ; E. : Leithead and an eloquent ora
tion by the Rev. W. Ml White, a mem
ber of the order.
picket.; - J«orgp V. Leroi, scribe; J. H.
jnallowett. musician; J. H. Wh"?side.
armorer; Dr. \V. D. Clark, pay- , » »- OT
—:—«
Lincoln Annuity, r
San Francisco A£g ..mhly STlI t of th •
Li. • in Annuity at Ha li»? JcM meet
in* h I <rork la the initia^y dsgrc*.
Uti tog added to the n v*be-^hlf
Ti • rnhiy had arransr-r* f,»r <. k>
entertainment, ori the 2"M. hut this hi .
to be postponed on aecooiu * t~°
den death of Dr. R. E. Bunker, one
of its prominent members.
Lincoln Assembly No. 3 of Oakland
had a pleasant party on the first Tues
,day in June after the initiation of six
candidates.
Sunset Assembly No. 10 of Aberdeen.
Wash., on the second "Wednesday in
Jane gave a social that was attended
by more than 400 persons. A member
of this assembly writing to the su
preme office states that m • *h of the
enthusiasm in that body is • ae to the
presence of Mr. Mallory, one of the
supreme officers, and that every time
he appears the hall is crowded to its
limit. He adds that "if this keeps up.
we \vtTl have to hold our meeting in
the open air. as there is no hall here
large enough to accommodate all who
want to hear him."
Puget Sound Assembly No. 11 of Ta
coma, Wash., is reported as doing very
well. Senator D. M. Woolf. the organ
izer in that city, reports that he will
shortly institute three more assemblies
in his jurisdiction.
Two assemblies were instituted in
Oregon last week.
Sunset Assembly reports that it now
has 137 beneficial and 30 social mem
bers.
Dr. R. E. Bunker, supreme medical
examiner of the order, died suddenly
of heart failure on June 12. He was k*
native of Minneapolis, Minn.
THE SAN FRANCISCO; -GAU^ JUNE 10, 1904.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
18still thinking of his play he came' back
to Stockwell with the $1000 in. his hand,
and Stockwell, gladly enough, took it.
The play has since made $300,000.
This week the actor appears in a
favorite role as Jarvis, and to see him
and Miss Julia Blanc, who is the Mrs.
Jarvis, as well as all the other Cen
tral favorites, there will doubtless be
large houses. And to Mr. Stockwell.
who has been traveling a rather hard
road of late, the benefit roes.
"But.one may .dream." ?«• --,«/
- l "L-must'dream,"->Mis3> Laurel put s it.
VI eat and* sleep -and work with my
eyes millions of miles away. In dreams."
-Wishing her theri : that 1 ' the* realities
might prove as fair, I left Janey
talk of what I am going to do. Time
enough when K Is done. One thing, I
mean to work endlessly. I know it is
only work that lies between one and
most of the great- things. No, I don't
know Yeats. I know very little yet.
I've seen very few of the great actors
— Miss Loftus has taken me to the
theater quite often, though."
"And you've learned everything you
know in Mr. Sothern's company?"
"Everything,", she nodded, "from
watching his rehearsals. "I think he's
the greatest of actors!" ,. ;
"Did you begin with him — how did
you. come :to begin so early, at 13
years, Mr. Sothern tells me?" . ...
.. ''.There was a.-girl.-in my • class at
school that went with .-, "Ben Hur, 1 "
Mtes Laurel remembered, her eyes
black sparkles. "I'd always wanted to
gov and go I .did; That's all. : Tha
teachers— oh, my!— were delighted. I
used to tell them all about It, just as
if -I: were a star! . That was the first
production of ,'BenHur.' Ever since
I've been with Mr. Sothern. You should
see his rehearsals. They're like a won
derful/ lesson, every one of them. He's
so particular about- enunciation — "
"Yours * is delightful — "
"Thanks." She laid/ an impulsive
hand on my arm, '-Oh, 1 he Is absolute
conscience about everything."
»"What are you studying now?"
"Juliet," she said, a little shyly. "Oh!
but I don't mean to play it for years
yet." : . Xj , ,:. £; ;| ...... . , „„
";,'*Perhap"s..you'H get a chance, to .un T
derstudy Julia Marlowe .when sjie,. plays
it to Mr. Sothern's Romeo this season,"
"Won't that be , wonderful!" Miss
LaureJ sighed.:- '.'Miss Marlowe- and Mr.
Sothern-^every thing,* in the part j Is; his.
You should see Mi3s Loftus' j Ophelia;
too. I want to play that— but I mustn't
talk."
delicate modesty of perfect* uncon
sciousness. Without conceit, she has
an inherent faith in her own power.
"Laurel". Miss Loftus who knows her
best christened her, and there is all the
fragrant charm the name suggests
about her.
I began, rudely enough, hy telling
the young divinity that I .thought her
Perpetua somewhat too lachrymose. I
thought there was a monotony of pa
thos. I thought the part afforded od
portunity* for streaks of light in its
gray ness.
Very practically, she asked, "Just
where?" j
I told her, in the first act. in the
second act, and just where.
N "Thank you," she said quietly. "I'll
think about it. You are very good. I
like to hear that kind of thing."
"Mr. Sothern tells me that you listen,
but don't always heed!". I lauched. ,
Mr. Sothern had told me that he had
by chance come upon ••Janey" in the
midst of an advising crowd one day.
She was listening with deep attention
to the suggestions. He asked her af
terward if she intended to take them,
instancing one and another. ¦ "No. 11
Miss Janey said. "Why?" Mr. Sothern
asked. "Because that is not natural.
Nobody would do it that way."
After that he left the , girl to work
out Perpetua In her, own way., and
somewhat angular, somewhat crude, as
the conception still is, no one. seeing it
can doubt Mr. Sothern's wisdom in so
dOing. . •• ; .. ;~* ¦¦'„¦¦ ... > f ; , : ,
i( "ButI like to ..think about what peo-'
pie say," Miss ; Laurel announced. ['*i
have bo, so much to learn." ; Here the
white, womanly hands clasped them
selves firmly, /y , ;.-. z ••-¦ ,, .,,,_,
"Doesn't it 8<*em strange, to you to
play leading lady after^being so long
a page?" : , .- ;..:::; ¦„•¦; . ¦
"Oh, ,it's like: a, beautiful , dream!"
the Jirl 6aid. I thought, .with, those
eyes.. opening in delightful reminiscence
before me, •¦that there were. t others!
"You know," it was a delightful
schoolgirl that'leaned~forward then -to
say, "last time I was here I dressed
down there, in the cellar!" pointing an
ivory finger to the lower regions.
0 "How tlid it all happen?" I asked.
"Oh, Mr. Sothern liked the way I
spoke some lines in this piece and
made me j the ..understudy of Miss
Loftus— she, . ; - the dearest woman, in
the world— asked him, I know.; But
that I should really be acting it, I can
not tell you: hqw wonderful it : all
seems!'.'i Miss Laurel says "wonder
ful!" as Margaret; Anglin says . it —
aye, and she is not unlike that clever
young woman. .
!f."How. do the other pages like it,
think you?" I asked. ... .. v t .
! '.'Oh, we all think it's quite a joke —
it's funny, really," she laughed <le
liciously. ; Sure, then, I absolutely, of
the unenvious good will of her con
freres of the rr.nks. Miss Laurel said:
."I'm certain' they are -all very glad
that I am getting along. But me,
Perpetua! it is a joke!"
"A very good one!"
"Splendid! I hope they'll keep on
joking!" ' .
"Wore you nervous on your first
night?". , _. ',, f ¦ ; .
."Very," she said.- ''I ..didn't eat -a
thing all day. But, you j know, , the
moment L reached my dressing-room
the nerves all left me. On ; t,he stage,
of course, I .forget everything."'
."Is Perpetua the kind of role you
like?",, : ,, -..> . ¦;• . , : .- ..-.., .,,,
: "Yes. indeed." the girl testified,- and
Vyes". and "indeed" from Miss Laurel
mean all of "yes", and "indeed.". "I'm
fond of. the emotional, fond of the sit
uation pitched in'the intense key," and
she clasped hands that said more than
her words. t ,-. • .. . • . .<_...... .
~ ¦ i "I'd hoped," I said, "from your per
sonality, that- the poetic .drama-par
ticularly appealed. - In fact, -I'd^ pic
tured you as a sort of ¦ muse of the
Yeats kind of drama, anew player of
a, new thing in plays,- of the mystical,;
poetic, ideal,, that. I believe will be the
next step in the* drama." • - •
*¦; "I think"— Miss Laurel stopped- to
smile elusively — "but I do not like to
MISS "JANEY" LAUREL, THE YOUNG PROTEGE OF CECELIA LOFTUS.
David Belasco says that Mrs. Les
lie Carter is to play an engagement
in London next summer.
It Is said that Ada Rehan will b«
starred next season by the Shubert
Rumor has it that Margaret Anglin
will star next season in a play called
"The Eternal Feminine."
• • • > .
Lew Fields is to star next season In
a comedy drama written by Glen Mac
donough and staged, of course, by
Julian Mitchell.
L. R. Stockwell has secured the
rights to "The Hon. John North."
William Gillette is to appear in
London commencing next season In
April, 1905, in a new comedy written
by himself.
Kathryn Kidder will return to the
stage in August in a new play called
"Salammbo." Frederick Warde will be
her leading man.
Charles Frohman withdrew "Cyn
thia" from Charles Wyndham'a the
ater last Saturday .owing to the fail
ure of the play. Miss Barrymore will
visit San Francisco for a short rest
this summer. '
• • • •
Frances Gibson has made a great
success as Rose Melon in "Piff. Paff,
Pouf," and will remain with the com
pany all next season.
Another French military Invention is
on record. This time It is not the ma
chine gun, but the army rifle, and again
the inventor steps out from the ranks.
Corporal Grissolange of the First Colo
nial Infantry, has devised a method of
greatly increasing the capacity of small
arms for rapid firing. Instead..of one
magazine holding eight cartridges, a*
at present, Grissotange provides three
magazines,^ holding altogether eighteen
cartridges, which by an easy mechan
ism, worked with great rapidity, are
brought up in succession to the feeding
tube. The army commission ton mili
tary Inventions has just notified Gris
soiange that the Minister of War has
placed his invention berore the com
mission, with instructions to examine
as« rr^ort upon it
New .French Army Rifle.
When the Belascos do a handsome
thing— and this Is much oftener than
appears on the billboards — they "do it
up" handsomely. Such a generous
and generously planned affair is the
Stockwell testimonial benefit, to be
given this week at the Central The
ater.
The stage benefit is not uncom
mon. The Tivoli, for example, de
votes a night in each season to its
popular leader, Paul Steindorff. The
Grau company used to do the same
for that impecunious millionaire,
Maurice Grau. Yearly the Associated
Theater <• Managers combine ; to put
money in the purs^ of their excellent
association for- aiding the sick and
out o' works of the profession. And
so on. -..-..¦ - \y
. -This week's benefit is different. Not
one night of the ever popular "Light-*
o* London," but the whole week, will
be played for the veteran comedian's
benefit. Like Mrs. Fiske's glittering
name on. her programmes, I found thia
fact tucked away in a quiet corner of
the usual advance note of the Cen
tral's bllL Its evidence of the some
time violet-like quality of the Belasco
well-doing I found as interesting as
the fact itself, and I hasten to drag
both into such prominence as they
may here find. |
. Stockwell is a well and honorably
known name hereabouts. It is a
name long identified — though Its own
er is yet hardly old enough to boast
of his years — with locafc theatricals.
Perhaps, the period of its largest re
nown was during the Stockwell Thea
ter times, when the comedian chris
tened and opened what is now known
as the Columbia Theater with an ex
cellent stock company. Some years
of success go to its credit in local his
tory. Touchstone, ¦ of his personal
successes, is probably the veteran ac
tor's most honorably • tilled part,
though he has assumed cleverly most
of the well known comedy roles. In
another genre his Marks in "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" - is famous throughout
thei play-going country.
Mr. .-• Stock-well's adventures as a
manager ; were also pleasantly pros
perous. .But he sometimes missed it—
as we all do. Perhaps, for example, the
actor would j not this week be playing
in j a 1 testimonial performance to him
self had he foreseen the success of "A
Texas Steer." He tells /gently of ithis
vanished opportunity. "Charlie" Hoyt.
short of money, as he frequently, was
in < those days, brought to Stockwell
the manuscript of the play. Stockwell
liked it;, but more-from- sympathy for
Hoyt's plight than through 1 faith' in
his play he handed over $1000 for all
rights to the author. • For six months
the MS. lay in the manager's desk at
Stockwell's. For six months Hoyt hoped
impatiently tor its production. But
Stockwell— although' it wasn't a mat
ter* of r $S3,000 in those days to mount
a j play— still hesitated.' | Then came a
little wave of prosperity to Hoyt, and
TOPICS OF THE STAGE
AND PLANS FOR NEW
SEASON IN EAST
STOCKWELL, VETERAN"
ACTOR AXD MANAGER,
IS TO BE BENEFITED
wanter, only don't bother me." Notify
pastors of this.' And so on."
I took a moment to laugh with and
at the eternally changeful feminine,
and then said: "You had Miss Loftus
with you then as Perpetua?"
"Yes, until she became ill," the
actor answered.
"Then Miss Laurel?"
"Then Miss Laurel — and what do you
think of her?"
"Is she as young as she looks?" I
asked first.
"Janey is just eighteen," her man
ager and friend replied. "She has
heen with me since she was thirteen,
doing page parts and such like. Miss
Loftus noticed her and took the child
to live with her. Then one day she
asked me why I did not give her a
parC So I gave her a small part in
this piece— the woman exile who
speaks in the church. She did those
three or four lines so well that Miss
Loftus suggested that she should un
derstudy her. I said 'go ahead,' and
they did. Miss Loftus taught her
something, Mr. Powell, our stage man
ager, showed her the 'business' of the
part, but it is mostly her own idea of
the part. A month afterward they ask
ed me to see her rehearse. I did, with
the result that when Miss Loftus fell
ill I had no hesitation in letting Janey
try the part.".
"Is she as beautiful off the stage as
on?" — I began.
"You shall Bee her," Mr. Sothern
settled it. He got up then, opened the
door and melodiously boomed out
"Jariey!"
And "Janey" came. You who have
seen "The Proud Prince" know that
pure and flower-like figure, lyrical /in
its grace* poetic in its every, sugges
tion. Like a lily she stood there, still
in the pearly gray and white of her
last scene: the delicate flame of her
hair still about her shoulders and
caressing the starry pallor of one of
the most beautiful faces I have ever
seen. I looked at her — and shuddered.
I was afraid to hear her speak, so more
than perfectly was the stage illusion
of her fulfilled, — a white and delicate
nymph, "whose lines are of Greece,
whose lips should part only to spout
Sapphics!
The voice of the . youngest leading
lady In America did rather bring one
down to Powell street again, for Miss
Laurel had a very matter of fact,
twentieth cfcntury 'huskiness that
night. It wafc a good thing for' me. I
was Just debating whether the classic
Apollinarie or cold cream were the
fittest libation to pour at the feet of
the young goddess— as I was sure there
wasn't any Falernian knocking around.
Her child-like, direct, "How d'ye do?"
with its little hoarseness saved me,
and I ventured to shake the muse's
outstretched hand. . ......
Mr. Sothern looked ; satisfied as he
left us then t to rehearse a scene that
had not quite pleased his artistic eye,
and Miss Laurel and I settled, to a
chat. Before the actor went, however,
he warned me that "Janey thinks." * -
Truth to tell I . didn't care . whether
"Janey" thought or not. What matter,
with a. pair of eyes — like the "moun
tain lakes" of her. lover's in the play
deep, crystal-clear, soft as a deer's,
and arched over by a pair of piquant
eyebrows by Helleu? -"What matter,
with a line of chin and neck like a
youngr, Diana, with a nose carved . as
ptraightly, as justly, as here, .with her
mouth as of a muse? t What matter,
with that wonderful, luminous pallor?
What. matter, to me? She was a po»...i
to look at. -if she said nothing. . ¦
. But ; neither that evening, nor the
next day, when I saw. her again, did
the : tall, child 6trike a noje out of .key
with her, physical suggestion.. She is
immensely young, and curiously wise.
She has the direct, frank gaze of a
child- whose eyes have met nothing but
kindness in those that have looked into
them. Without shyness, she has the
¥we minutes after the fall of the
< urtain on "The Proud Prince" I was
in Mr. Sothern's dressing-room. Five
stconds after we had shaken hands
v.c were in the thick of one of the thou
sand and one arguments that Mr. Me-
Carte's new play incites. The actor
was not prepared for "company." He
had doffed the medieval magnificence
of his last act and tumbled with hur
lied courtesy into a good American
dressing jrown. But "it mattered not,"
j>s Laura Jean would say. The gentle
Pot hern would look the poet behind a
butcher's apron.
"You do like our play," he said in
response to my greeting. I noted a
particularly "well" look about the
player. "I'm glad you like it. As well
as "If I Were King?' " he queried then.
"I'm not sure to-night," I hesitated.
"I think not on the whole. I "want to
sle«p on the impression — it's so un
usual — "
"It strikes a deeper note," the actor
suggested.
"Surely.** I replied. "To-morrow I
may find"— and I tried then to tell
Mr. Sothern what of wonder and mys
tery I imagined there might be for me
in "The Proud Prince' when I could
pother together its rare and glowing
threads— and my "Five Wittes."
"But—"
"Whirti 'but'?" the actor smiled.
"The cross," I besrarv. "I don't see
why the fool should use the cross as
a carnal weapon in his battle with the
soldier? Now I know that that was
not done without very weighty consid
eration."
"Mr. McCarthy and I had that over,
and apain and again over," the actor
owned. "This is how it appears to us.
The -fool is still unregenerate. He sees
in the tress only a bludgeon with which
to defeat the soldier. The miraculous
quality of the deed comes in in the
weak fool being able to lift the cross —
that you will observe the monk before
staggers under."
"But I cannot see — in a miracle play
— why the miracle stops there? It
pecms to me that there is further op
portunity in the situation. Three
times, you remember, the fool has to
belabor the soldier with his sacred
weapon. That might be in actual fact,
but should it be so in a miracle play?
Why not use the cross a la Valentine
¦with Mephistopheles? McCarthy could
htr*>, it seems to me, have shown the
mystical power of the symbol upon
both the fool and the soldier. The fool
could raise the cross in his carnal
madness — but would it not be well to
suspend it miraculously in air, at once
dealing death to the blasphemer and
awakening new faith in the heart of
the fool?"
We had more of it, and in theway of
women ar.d actors retained each our
oivn beliefs.
Apropos of the discussion, Mr. Soth
ern fclyly launched the following story
at me:
"I have a very charming woman
friend on one of the New Orleans pa
pers, and after seeing our play she
wrote to me apropos of the love scene
00 the eteps of the altar. It seems that
her pastor had seen the play and decid
ed that the scene was impossible — well,
blasphemous. I wrote her, on thinking
it over, that the scene might offend
some sensibilities, and that I really
might place it on another part of the
stage. Then I received a telegram,
'Dcn't change ihe scene until you re
ceive letter.' The letter referred to
tame, and contained the news that an
other pastor and friend of my friend
had decided that for such a love scene
the altar was the only possible place!"
j "You are expecting a telegram from
me?" I laughed.
"Oh, no, only" — Sothern's eyes do
twinkle sometimes. That was one
time. "But Hiss Loftus and I had
great fun over it afterward. We got
up .1 set of telegrams, about twenty,
end sent. them off to my friend at the
rate of four a day. Like,. this: 'Am
anxiously awaiting further news. Miss
Loftus refuses to play until matter set
tled. Can you not get pastors together
to decide?' *SUJ1 awaiting answer. Mc-
Carthy wirps, "Make love anywhere you
"The i Proud Prince," perhaps the
most ' successful adventure of E. H.
Sothern, is in. its second week at the
Columbia Theater. The play has
aroused an extraordinary interest. Its
subject is so uncommon, its acting so
.-rare, its scenic setting of such. unusual
beauty, that no -one interested in the
drama should let It- go unseen. Mr.
Sothern as the proud Prince of Sicily
who is transformed into his own fool
for blasphemy, has added yet another
admirably successful portrait to his
long gallery. . His support almost
throughout Is worthy, bis leading lady.
Miss Jane Laurel, being as unusual and
beautiful as his play.
: "Du Barry," with Mrs. Leslie Carter
in the title role, is a sensational suc
cess at , the Grand Opera-house. The
production Is a. record one. and Mrs.
Carter's assumption of her tremend
ously exacting role is one of the events
of recent : stage portraiture. The sup
porting company is throughout suffi
cient; in the case of Mr. Stevenson as
Louis XV and Mr. Gollan as the vil
lain, Comte du Barry, exceptionally
effective. The stage pictures alone are
worth going to see.
• The clever Oliver Moroscos will en
liven the California echoes this week
with a farce alleged to be the "fun
niest of all," entitled "The Prince of
Liars." Farce is a new metier for this
bright company of players, at least lo
cally, and their appearance therein will
doubtless- be of much Interest to their
many admirers.
With "Lovers' Lane" the last week
of the Alcazar's stock season ends on
Sunday night next. Miss Frances
Starr's Simplicity Johnson will be a de
lightful feature of the production. Next
comes White Whittlesey for an engage
ment of several weeks.
The new Fischer lights, headed by
Edna Aug. seem to have found large
favor with the local burlesque lovers.
To-night sees the end of "U. S.," and
to-morrow evening another burlesque
by the same author, Judson C. Brusie.
will be put on. Mr. Brusie has an apt
eye for a subject, plenty of sound
humor, and with his enlarged experi
ence should be able to turn out some
thing to fill the' bill. "The Mormons" is
the promising title of this week's bur
lesque.
Helen Bertram, last here with the
Bostonians, will sing at the Orpheum
this week. There is a good bill besides,
one of its features being the moving
pictures of the San Francisco Fire De
partment taken for the St. Louis Ex
position.
Charles and Bessie Hart, who play
on most everything, headline the
Chutes bill. ' •
WITH. TWO ¦• UNUSUALLY
FIXE -PLAYS; LEADING.. .
THEATERS ARE FULL
With the popular "bad beginning. *
the new Tivoleans last week marched
to disaster with "Sergeant Kitty."
Not having heard the opera I can oniy
surmise the reasons for its failure.
Probably though, among them, impor
tantly are Miss Sefton'3 defections.
However, the production serves its
purpose as a "bad beginninc-" To
night's "Robin Hood" will probably
be the inevitable success.
Everything, at least, points that
way*. In Barron Berthald, who is to
sing the title role, the Tivoll has as
good a tenor as was ever spread on
comic opera. Edith Mason, who is
the soprano, is well remembered from
the Southwell opera days, and Kate
Condon is a contralto understood to
be after Jessie Bartlett Davis" own
art. One knows of old Mr. Steindorft'a
choruses, and they were never better
than now, and the orchestra is well
up to the Tivoli levels.
The opera Itself 13 too well known
here to need comment, but It is worthy
of record that this is the first time
that it has been presented by any com
pany save the Bostonians.
A curious courtesy in church choir
relations — curious in contrast with the
general condescension accorded church
singers here (beginning not unimport
antly with the meagerest of salaries) —
is that instanced by a programme o£
the "Washington-avenue Baptist Church
of New York. A new choir was en
gaged a few weeks at this church.
The regular church programme an
nounced the fact, printing not only the
names but a short sketch of each of
the singers, with an evident pride in
their acquisition. The chief interest of
the programme, however, lies in the
fact that the name of W. H. Keith, a
former Californian, appears thereon as
the barytone. The name is one well
known to old Californians, W. H.
Keith, senior, having started the first
drug store in San Francisco.
The programme has this concerning
Mr. Keith:
"William H. Keith (barytone) went
to Paris and prepared himself for oper
atic work under Sbriglia and Giraudet
of the Paris Conservatoire, also with
Bouhy. Later in London he studied
oratorio music with Randegser and
"Walker. He has sung in oratorio ami
concert work, in London^ Edinburgh,
Paris, Berlin and other Continental
cities. Since returning to this country
he has been engaged In concert and
church work in various parts of the
States. He enjoys an enviable reputa
tion both In Europe and America."
In the "please-publish-the-followlng"
stuff of the week comes to me the fol
lowing naive note of a forthcoming
Creatore tour. "California," it begins,
"and the entire "Western country will,
during the coming season, SEE Cre
atore and HEAR his excellent band."
It Is only the truth of this that sur
prises. Certainly one cannot escape
"seeing" Creatore If he happens to be
around, and being Creatore's, his band
is sure to be "excellent." One remem
bers rather cocklly that it was here
the vesuvian director was discovered.
Fritzi Scheff has a new opera for
next season by Ludwig Englander and
Stanislaus Stance called "The Queen,
of Hearts."
Laurel, a picture of dream, to her
dreams." '
THE - SAN- FRANCISCO r GALtr^SUNDAY^-jUNE-io; -ii)fcL
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19A feast of festivities is being show
ered upon Miss Susie Bixby on the an
nouncement of her betrothal to one
of Los Angeles' beaux . Ideal, Dr. Er
nest Bryant.
Among the smartest affairs .was. the
tea given by the clever San .• Francis
can, Mrs. Jack Griffiin Johnstone. at
the Country Club In the southern city.
; Among the guests . were many fa-
On the evening of their . landing —
in celebration of setting foot on good
old Market street — Miss Voorhles in
vited a number of fellow voyagers to
djne with her, and- a merry party it
was, with all the tales that spring into
life aboard ship, which in its social
relations is as. intricate as a New
Tork tenement . house.
The fair wanderer will remain In
town for a time to get reacqualnted
with her family, and will then go on
to the fair, accompanied, perhaps, by
her stunning sister, Mrs. J. Malcolm
Henry.
The piquant Miss Voorhlea is back
again in the bosom of her family,
after a lone visit — and a triumphant
one — in Manila and later in Japan.
As the guest of Governor General
Luke E. Wright she held high court
in the official palace, and* with'',- her
quips and jests and repartee made the
staid old walls ring with laughter. A
merry traveler is Miss Marie, winning
friends aboard the Logan from the
bos'n to the captain.
Mrs. A. N. Towne and Mrs. Clinton
Worden will be at the Del Monte dur
ing July.
Mrs. John I. Sabin and the -Misses
Pearl and Irene are going in for the
"simple life" In their country home at
Mountain View.
The Sabin country home Is a hos
pitable spot, and some merry parties
will spend the week's end with them.
maid says, "Now, madame, you alre
flneesh!" she becomes apparently obliv
ious of her gown and garnlshings. That
is what imparts to her that wholesome
frankness and poise that imprints upon
her the stamp of high breeding.
vacated and. the gay-hued,"Pike" tak
en "jii afoot. Miss Alice is 'distinctively
no prude and would never be accused
.of .being' a' timid maid, as her demure
little-face would suggest. "She -was con
tinually in the thick of the fray, even
getting In the pathway- of some
naughty donkeys — not camels, as the
exciting press reports stated— only to
be rescued by Congressman' Nick Long
worth, who bravely Intercepted/ the Ill
bred little donkeys and saved 'the first
young lady of the land" from' some
ignominious kicks. To be run down by
donkeys is not particularly, heroic— not
even tragic, but It gave the gallant
Nick an opportunity to remain by Miss
Alice's side during the rest of the visit.
Since the sudden .illness of- William
come to visit here, for the' Head home,
on Taylor and Sacramento streets,
would seem once again the hospitable
home of yore.
¦ . • •
The engagement of Miss Mary Maus,
" daughter of Lieutenant Colonel Maus,
deputy surgeon general of the United
States army, and Captain Edgar A.
Fry of the Thirteenth Infantry, at the
Presidio has caused much pleasant com
ment at the posts here and at Mon
terey, where the fiance is well known
as a gallant soldier and a charming
gentleman. The wedding takes place
on the 2!)th in the post chapel at Fort
Rlley. Kansas.
'¦'I *'¦¦¦'.-.* *
' An' interesting wedding of next
month Is that of Miss Edith Shorb and
FIANCEE OF CAPITALIST 'AND > FAIR VISITOR.
During Alice Roosevelt's visit to the
fair • with "the Catllns, the auto was
As time grows apace, one wonders
whether; the energetic action taken by
Miss Helen -Gould j and other well-in
tentioned women in abolishing a "mid
way" has produced any appreciable re
sults.' Of course the name Is cleaner,
because It is new. "The Pike" seems
to figure [ more frequently in the" dally
literary of the >. fair doers \ than— say,
the Mechanical Arts," or the Agricul
tural ; buildings, ; which,: of j course, Is
distinctly "surprising, seeing, "how im
portant they are."., But such is It ever
— the elemental - principle. In men and
women is , that which seeks amusement
and it's cm "The Pike" that the fun is—
and there's where to look if you would
find your friends. They'll be there,
you can -bank on it. |
Whispers come to us that the expo
sition is really very gay Just now* Miss
Pearl Landers tells some Interesting
tales of the fair, its people, and of the
St. Louis smart set," who," by the way,
appear not to, be dull.
• . .... ¦ . . . . ,
millar to San Francisco, Los Angeles
and the city on the bay, fraternizing
rather freely in social affairs. They
included: Mr. and Mrs. Hancock Ban
ning, Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Connell, Mr.
and Mrs. D. M. Cloud,, Mr. and Mrs^
Will E. Dunn, Mr. and Mrs. Ramsey,
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin T. Earl, Mr. and
Mrs. William May. Garland, 1 - Mr. and
Mrs. R. H. Ingram. Mr. and Mrs. W.
R. Leeds, Mr. and Mrs. H. S. McKee,
Mr. and Mrs. Randolph Miner, Mr.
and Mrs. George A. Parkyns,. Mr. and
Mrs. Dwight Whiting, Dr. and Mrs.
Granvllle MacGowan, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry W. O'Melveny, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Grlffln, Mrs. Harry Bixby, Mrs.
Alexander Hardenbergh, . Miss Louise
Burke, the Misses Nina and Nellie
Rowland, Miss Alice - Graves, Miss
Susie Howard, Miss Grace Mellus, Miss
Annls Van Nuys, 1 George : Den Is, How
ard Huntlngton, Ben Whitlock. Harry
Norwood Howard,. Carl Klokke'Van
Dyke, Volney Howard, Carlton Burke,.
John McNab, Hugh j Stewart, Walter
Van Pelt and Captain William Ban
ning.
The most vitally interesting event of
the whole week was the departure,
amid pyrotechnical displays of friend
ship and affection, of the Peter D. Mar
tins. Now, there are those who would
like to turn an X-ray on the mind of
the stunning Mrs. Peter D. Just to
know the appraisement she has made
of San Francisco and. its smart set
embracing, of course, the suburbs, Bur
lingame among them, in the classifica
tion. It Is said of her when she had
consented to come West to visit her
dear, good mother-in-law that she ex
pected to be awfully bored.- But if she
was bored on any occasion when it was
my fortune to feast my eyes upon her
she concealed it nobly. The most un
conscious woman in the room about her
clothes, the most intent listener, the
most natural in manner and speech,
though in both distinctly high bred, it
was small wonder that Peter lost his
heart to her and that she became the
passion of the smart set during her
visit to the city by the westernsea.
She had about her the charm that dis
tinguishes Lillian Russell from all the
other beauties of the stage— once her
gown was drawn on her — none of your
dlrectolre dlabollcallsms for her— it be
came a part of her. even as her long,
slender arms and her white smooth
skin. And frpm the moment that her
The Frank-Steinman wedding at the
Palace Hotel on Thursday night was a
brilliant affair. The Marble and Maple
rooms were pressed into requisition and
were garlanded with a profusion of
blossoms and ferns. The bride is the
handsome daughter of Mr. and Mrs. B.
U. Steinman, the latter the Mayor of
Sacramento. The groom, A. A. Frank,
who arrived early last week from M|l
waukee, was accompanied by his
parents, who will make a short visit in
California, The Franks are said to be
among the wealthiest residents of Mil
waukee, where the young folks will
make their home the wedding Journey
over.
On Wednesday the charming .young
daughter of Henry John Small. Miss
Elizabeth, became the bride of her
cousin, John Henry Small, the cere
mony being a very smart affair for a
home wedding and one designated as
quiet. The honor maid. Miss Mary
Small, was a winsome picture in her
frock of rose-pink, as were the pretty
maidens who made up the wedding
party. The dance in the evening was
distinctly gay, the following young peo
ple being among the merrymakers:
Miss Edna McClatchy, Miss Esteele
Stephens of Sacramento, Miss Florence
Jones of Tucson, Miss Beth Hughson,
Miss Emma Small, Miss Barbara
Small, Misses Hazel and Muriel Hub
bard, Henry Tichner, L. Sexton, Dr.
Sumner Hardy, George McGuire, Her
bert Bailey, Ashley Faull, Ray Ham
mer, Alfred Small %nd E. Wolfe. The
home of the Smalls on Pacific avenue is
admirably adapted for entertaining,
Miss Mary and Miss Elizabeth, now
Mrs. Small, entertaining many friends
from Sacramento during their stay in
San Francisco.
Among the merry maids who plot
ted so prettily against the fair bride
were the friends of her childhooa,
Miss Tiny Wilcox, Miss Luena King.
Miss Veda Veuve, Miss Bess Williams,
Miss Clara Lion, Miss Monica Wilcox,
Miss Virginia Williams, Miss Grace
Woodrow and Miss Mary Crawson.
Mrs. Edgar R. Bryant and Mrs. de
Witt Tisdale, the bride's sister and her
mother, were the only other witnesses
to the wedding.
wedded — no guests, no Lohengrins, no
galaxy of bridesmaids. But sometimes
even brides' plans go a-glimmering —
for behold the bride entering the
church to hear the organ peal forth its
processional and to lind herself in the
hands of a bevy of merry friends who
had entered into a conspiracy against
her and constituted^ themselves her
bridesmaids. Right pretty maids they
were, too, in dainty frocks and picture
hats. What was the poor little bride
to do but permit them to proceed with
her to the altar? A merry party it
was that left the church after the ven
erable -Dr. Wakefield and the Rev.
Mr. Cresham had made the twain one,
the bridal pair escaping with bril
liant success in a convenient auto.
•It is not only because of her beauty
that the American maid is a winner,"
says Grand Duke Boris, "but because
cf her poise. Ah: "Tis her exquisite
poise that distinguishes her from her
fellows." Now the opinion of Duke
Boris is entitled to respect, for was it
not because of his industrious amours
that the Great White Czar ordered him
home from the -wars? And was it not
he who reviewed the women of each
country as he passed through it on his
world's tour, even as the hero of Ap
pumattox reviewed the soldiers of
strange lands? And was it not he,
when pausing for a breath in San
Francisco, ¦who pronounced Mrs. Post
ley Sterling the most beautiful woman
h<? had ever looked upon?
Granted then that the Duke knows
a thing: or two about women and that
his knowledge has been gained through
comparative — would you say anatomy,
or spirituality, or mentality, or would
all three make adequate meaning? Of
course, not having the pleasure of the
Duke's acquaintance, I know not the
focus of his vision. But at all events,
a pity 'tis that so rare a connoisseur
"f "my lady fair" was permitted so
brief a view of the women of the Gold
en Gate. And more particularly is the
fact lamentable, since he bo ardently
dwells upon the charms of "poise."
Xow. in all our great country where
freedom of thought and speech has
developed frankness of character in
women even as in men, it has remained
for the big bounding West to impart to
its women the highest type of candor
and freedom of thought, blasting
Fhams and senseless traditions of mi
asmic maidenhood and clearing the
ground for the sweet-breathed blos-
Foms of mental and moral honesty —
end herein is the root of "poise,"
springing psychologically from healthy,
wholesale, frank minds. And the rea
son that the American maid's "poise"
s«.f charmed the Prince is because of
this very fact. In Russia, in France, in
Germany, not quite as much, perhaps,
in England, the well bred maid is ex
pected to present to the world Just
one phase of her being — the smiling,
amiable, so-called "sweet" side, elim
inating all suggestion of personality
or human temperament, which, accord
ing to the old code, a maiden should
not possess. And let the gods be
thanked for the evolution of the Amer
ican girl with her honest heart and
clear vision, which have endowed her
¦with that rarest and most comfortable
«'f social attributes — poise.
Among the maids of our Western
shores who would have interested the
wandering: Russian on this score are
Ethel Hager. Pearl Landers, Helen de
Young. Charlotte Russell, Christine
Pomeroy, Ednah Robinson, Elizabeth
and Ardella Mills— there! I have ven
tured into what could be a truth
ful rollcall of two or tnree coteries
of our smart set. And as for the young
matrons, why. th^y are as cherry blos
pon-.s in Tokio. But of them we expect
much, including the attribute beloved
by Doris.
¦ -• •'*"•' • :' ¦' •'¦- ;
Last week was deadly stupid in town.
Thos<? who haven't flitted hence seem
to be hybernating; but then to be
sure "bridge" calls for quiet And that
may In a measure explain the sweet
serenity of restfulness that has seem
ingly* settled over the gay devotees of
pleasure. By the way, there is much
talk abroad of high stakes in some
of the matrons' games, but the stories,
run to earth, prove to be structures
of bombast. Why do some women love
to boast of their losses? In that they
are distinctly unlike men, for who
ever heard of a man blatantly boast
ing of sums he had dropped at poker
or on the ponies? That's the chapter
they smudge over and try to forget.
But perchance the ladies like to
demonstrate the # stanchness of their
finances in not wincing at the negative
side of gambling.
• m *
The events of the week were the
weddings that graced it.
On Wednesday the Tisdale- Weeks
affair at San Jose was distinctive from
its fellows in that its prettiest acces
sories were unpremeditated.
Miss Tisdale. remaining true to the
home of childhood and loving the
dear little Ivy-grown Church-Around
the-Corner, decided to be wed In San
Jose and in the quaint little chapel In
which ehe had worshiped since in her
pinafore days.' And in her decision was
a literal determination to be "quietly"
At last handsome Anna Head has be
come the bride of Mountenay-Jephson.
At last, after twelve long years of si
lent submission to the obdurate will of
her father, Addison Head, the million
aire mining man, she was permitted to
lay her hand in the hand of the man
she loved, and they pledged to each other
before the law the constancy and love
that each had shown in the passing
years. Mountenay-Jephson was Just
such a man as would captivate the
heart of a maid who loved courage and
daring, for had he not served with
honor in Stanley's . search for Emin
Pasha? Full of anecdote, fascinating in
person (it is said he closely resembles
Tirey L. Ford) and madly in love with
the handsome Anna, he made famous
headway until the unpoetical papa —
papas are so often unpoetical — rudely
Interrupted the dreams of the lovers
and parted them. Now comes the se
quel to the years of silent yearning. Mr.
Head relented on his deathbed, and
gave** his full consent' to the marriage,
hence the peal of the wedding bells.
The ceremony was performed at Ascot,
special cars bearing many distinguished
guests from London. Among the Cali
fornlans present were Mrs. Phoebe
Hearst, Major and Mrs. Blaskenburg,
Orrln Peck, Mrs. Peck and Miss Peck.
The ceremony was further distin
guished by the presence of Embassador
Choate and Lady "Waterlow. It is hoped
by the bride's legion of friends that she
and her well-beloved Jephson may
Miss Marie Claire Adam has been the
motif for many pleasant affairs since
the announcement of her engagement
to Clarence Musto, the son of the late
capitalist. Mr. Musto's sisters, Madame
Tojetti and Miss Laura Musto, are
well-known clubwomen, the former
holding high rank as a singer and a
student of musical history, with its
poetry and romances.
Miss Maud Goodwin, a stunning maid
from Victoria, Is visiting Mrs., Frank
Moroney. It was Miss Goodwin's sister
Anita who was wedded recently to
ycung Crowell. Miss Goodwin will re
main in the city some three months,
and many house parties are being ar
ranged for her during the next month.
Chapin. society is wondering whether
he will have sufficiently recovered to
claim his bride. Miss Stella MeCalla.
on August 3. The McCallas have Just
returned from a visit to Mrs. McCalla's
father. General Sargent, at Santa Mon
ica, and are anxiously awaiting the re
sults of the operation upon Miss Stel
la's handsome fiance.
It is to be hoped that no delay in the
wedding ceremonies' will be rfeces-
Sausaltto Ji a gay little spot these
days. ; i; 'i
The TVniiars are back from their
post-nuptial trip and will form valu
able factors in the social life of the
hillside burg.
Among the maids who tarry there,
three are to be wedded soon. Miss
Edith Findley to George Gardiner,
Miss Anna Sperry to Lieutenant Car
rigan, and Miss Olive Hamilton to Mr.
Beedy.
Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann has taken
a cottage at Ben Lomond for the month
of July. This charming little lady will
have a merry time anywhere, possess
ing the secret of holding much sunshine
within herself.
The Moore-Meigs wedding In Ross
was a comparatively quiet affair, ow
ing to the death of the bride's father
last winter. But it was a June wed
ding. And a June wedding in the coun
try means flowers and greens and
wholesomeness that must linger with
the bride while memory lasts. Miss
Moore was attended by her sister. Miss
Florence, as maid of honor, and three
bridesmaids— Misses Helen Meigs. Ma
bel and Gertrude Moore. Incidental
ly, the groom was attended by Albert
St. Claire Robinson. The Rev. F.
"W. Clampett of Trinity Episcopal
Church. San Francisco, performed the
ceremony In the dear little Episcopal
chapel in Ross. A quiet breakfast was
served at the bride's home, which was
attended by the old-time* friends of the
family. The Moores have been identi
fied with Ross for years and the croom.
Martin Meigs. is a son of Pevere!
Meigs. one of the old-time residents and
land owners of Santa Barbara County.
Among the many who were bidden to
the ceremony were: Mr. and Mrs.
James Coffin, Mrs. J. G. Kittle. Mr. and
Mrs. I. W. Hellman. Mrs. Albert Dib
lee Sr., Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Greenfield.
Mrs. and the Misses Barber, Mrs. A. E.
Kent. Mrs. Edward Bosqui. Mlaa Laura
Bosqui, Mrs. R. J. Davi*
* • •
Miss Blanche Bates, the fascinating
favorite, of whom California is so Just
ly proud, has been a member of the
house-party which "Dick" Hotallng
has been entertaining for some time
at "Sleepy Hollow," his ranch near San
Anselmo.
Speaking of dub3, one of the most
flourishing country clubs in the State
is the Lagunltas Country Club. It3
membership Is composed almost en
tirely of the residents of Ross— the
Schmiedells. the Seward MeNears, the
Davises, Eells, and scores of others.
The club grounds are in the very heart
of the redwoods, witn glorious old
Tamalpais rising near by. The club
house Is simply charming— a gem of
a bungalow, with the indispensable
broad veranda, and a large assembly
and lounging room with a great, com
fortable open fireplace. Nature and
art have combined to make of the La
gunltas Country Club one of the most
attractive clubs in the State. Add
good fellowship and an ardent
siasm for out of doop life, such, as is
evinced by the members, and what
more could be needed to form an Ideal
country club?
The Happy Valley golf links in San
Rafael have been the scene of some
exciting contests of late. The tourna
ment for the San Rafael Golf Club's
Councils Cup has closed. E. J. Hooper
proving the winner. The club includes
some genuine golf enthusiasts, among
them the Davises and Mrs. Laura Roe
of Ross and Edward J. Hooper of San
Rafael. Probably in all California
there are no more beautiful links than
these same Happy Valley links of San
Rafael. The cozy little club house.
with its broad veranda, looks out over
a stretch of fertile farm land with the
glorious, rolling Marin hills rising in
the distance — a combination of quiet
peace and inspiring grandeur.
Mrs. Alexander Forbes of San Fran
cisco is spending the summer in San
Rafael. Mrs. Forbes usually summers
in San Rafael, where her daughter,
Mrs. James Wilkins. resides.
Popular Miss Etelka "Wllliar of Sau
salito will spend the summer in Ore
gon.
The Toys of San Francisco are at
the Hotel Rafael.
Mrs. "William Babcock entertained on
"Wednesday afternoon in honor of Mrs.
R. I* Craig, wife of the new rector of
St. Paul's, San Rafael. The Craig3
have been In San Rafael only a few
weeks, Mr. Craig having occupied the
pulpit of Grace Episcopal Church in
San Francisco for several months be
fore accepting the call to San Rafael.
Mrs. Craig, who. by the way. is a
Southerner, bids fair to "take" won
derfully well in San Rafael.
Mrs. Eb Scott is visiting the A. TV-
Fosters at Fair Hills, their San Rafael
home. The Misses Mary and Anna
Foster will soon leave for St. Louis.
The charming home of the John P.
Boyds, in San Rafael, is still closed, as
the Boyds are summering at their
ranch near Danville. Contra Corta
County. Many months have elapsed
since the spacious, hospitable Boyd
home has been opened, and San Rafael
catches only fleeting glimpses of a
family which is genuinely loved and
much missed.
A pleasant family party e.t the Hotel
Rafael is composed of Mr. and Mrs. W.
M. Gwin. Miss Gwin and the John
Follises.
The Arthur Pages are spending th»
summer in San Rafael.
Mrs. John Charles Adams of Oak
land, one of the prettiest matrons of
the city over the bay. Is preparing for
a trip to Coronado. Her children will
accompany her south, where she will
probably remain some months.
• * •
Mrs. A. L. BcUicroft has returned
from St. Louis, where she sptnt a de
lightful month.
The A- A. Moore 3 have gone to their
country home, near tha Mission San
Joae, where they will remain for the
summer. Miss Ethel is a capable
young woman. Inheriting much of her
father's clearness of vision and tenac
ity of purpose. She Is presiding officer
of the ntw Home Club of Oakland, and
through her personality it is makfcig
Itself heard in the civic world.
• • •
The Henry Clarence Breedens go to
Del Monte this week and In July to
San Rafael.
• • •
George Steele King of Sacramento.
Miss Bhorb comes of a famous fam
ily, distinguished not only for their
physical but mental attractions. He
brother. Dr. J. de Barth Shorb, la said
to be a very clever chap.
Time was when the Shorbs owned
great ranches In Southern California,
a small part of which is still retained
by them— the old, old story of the
ranchos, the gringos and tha ranch
goes.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, . SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1904.
THE WESTERN MAID A CREATURE OF POISE
20FORTY-EIGHT PAGES—SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1904— PAGES 21 TO 34.
PHESIDEMT'S
KIN JOINED
IN MARRIAGE
EMBASSJfDOR
IS HONORED
BY LOUBET
Marine Inquiry
Commission to
Visit This
State.
CALIFORNIA'S REPUBLICAN
DELEGATES HEAR BIG MEWS
IN THE CONVENTION CITY
MRS. THEODORE ROBINSON*, FOR
MEF.LY HELEN ROOSEVELT,
MARRIED YESTERDAT.
PARIS. June 13.— President Loubet
has conferred upon the American Em
bassador. General Horace Porter, the
Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor,
which is the highest grade of that his
toric order. " It Is an honor rarely be
stowed, even on chiefs of state and
Embassadors, and this is the first time
it has ever been offered to a representa
tive of America. As under the provi
sions of the constitution the acceptance
of any mark of distinction from a for
eign country, even from a republic re
quires the approval of Congress, final
action in the matter will await the au
thorization of that body.
Foreign Minister Delcasse called at
tne Embassador's residence to-day and
personally presented him with the sn
perb insignia of the Grand Cross. This
consists of a wide silk band worn
across the breast, having an enameled
gold cross at the hip, with an elaborate
silver star to be worn on the right
breast. M. Delcasse accompanied the
presentation by an earnest expression
of the high personal esteem which M.
Loubet and himself felt toward the
American republic.
The Grand Cross Is the highest of the
five grades of the Legion of Honor.
French President Deco*
rates Porter With
Grand Cross.
GENERAL HORACE PORTER, DIP
LOMAT, WHO HAS BEEN HON
ORED BY LOUBET.
Continued on Page 22, Column 3.
Continued on Page 22, Column 4.
Lieutenant General ron
Wahl Is Selected to Be the
Successor of Bobrikoff
ORDERS COURT-MARTIAL
OF YOUNG. MARINE OFFICER
Lieutenant Hogan Charged With In
toxication, Disorderly Conduct
and Resisting Arrest.
WASHINGTON, June 18.— Second
Lieutenant Reginald Hogan, ' United
States Marine Corps, will be court
martialed at Annapolis. It is reported
that recently while returning to • his
quarters about midnight! he took to
task a party of sailors for not saluting
him properly. A passing negro said
the sailors .had done nothing wrong.
Thereupon, it is said, Hogan knocked
down the negro twice and was arrested
for assault by the Annapolis police.
Secretary Moody has ordered the
court-martial of Lieutenant Hogan on
charges of disorderly conduct, intoxi
cation and resisting arrest by civil
.authorities.
RATE WAR CAUSES GREAT
INFLUX OF IMMIGRANTS
Liner St. Louis Brings 721 Passen
gers Who Took Advantage of
Reduction hi Fare.
NEW YORK, June 18.— On board the
American line steamship St. Louis,
which arrived to-night, were 721 steer
age passengers who took advantage of
the $10 rate brought about by the
trans-Atlantic freight war.
HELEINGFORS, Finland. June 18.—
Ko disturbances have occurred in any
part of Finland as a result of the as
sassination of Governor General Bobri
koff.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jane 18.— It is
reported that Lieutenant General von
Wahl, formerly chief of police of St.
Petersburg, will succeed the late Gen
eral Bobrikoff as Governor General of
Finland. General von Wshl's last posi
tion was Governor of Vllna. He had a
great deal cf trouble with the students
¦while Chief of Police of St. Petersburg,
and was appointed Governor of Nijni-
Novgorod in December, 1S95. An un
successful attempt was made on the
life cf General von Wahl as he was
leaving the circus at Vilna at about
midnight on May 18. 1902. •
Much Interest is manifested in the
political results of General BobrikofTs
assassination, and some of the Finnish
Senators have arrived here to confer
•with the authorities. The conservative
class of Finns deprecate the assassina
tion, not only because of Its immediate
effect upon them, but because It is cal
culated to alienate the sympathies of
the outside world, which is essential for
their caxcxwilgn. «
First Canteloupes From California.
ST. LOUIS. June 18.— The first canta
loupes placed on exhibition at the
fair were received to-day at the Cali
fornia section of the Palace of Horti
culture They are of the Netted Gem
variety and were grown hi River
side, Cal
NEW GOVERNOR
FOR FINLAND
War News Continued on Page 24.
ENGLAND
LOSES TWO
WAR CRAFT
Torpedo Boat De
stroyers Sunk in
Collision.
CHICAGO, June 18. — The advance
guard of the delegations to the Repub
lican National Convention has arrived
in Chicago and the. greater number of
delegates are expected to come to-mor
row-and on Monday morning.
The running of theDerby to-day inter
fered sadly with the political game, as
nearly all the members of the National
Committee and a great number of dele
gates, deserted their headquarters to
visit Washington Park. So many of
them ' attended the races that the
downtown hotels, where the crowd will
be the greatest when the convention Is
In full blast, were about as quiet as
on days wh p n there is nothing par
ticular in view. j { (1
From ail ihe advance indications, the
convention promises to lack something
of the excitement of other gatherings
of its'. kind. The chief interest so far
centers in the Vice Presidential nom
ination. .The opposition against Secre
tary Cortelyou for chairman of the Na
tional Committee seems to be dying
somewhat and various members of the
National Committee predicted to-day
that he would be elected without oppo
sition. The fight against him; they de
clare, is not strong enough to make
any trouble.
ATTITUDE OF FAIRBANKS.
The attitude of Senator Fairbanks
regarding the nomination for Vice
President is not pleasing to many of
the' arriving delegates, who say that
he should declare himself more ex
plicitly. | The great majority of the
delegates who. have so far arrived fa
vor him or are not actively opposed to
him, but - they desire a j statement of
some kind.
Congressman James A. Hemenway of
Indiana,' who' Is a close friend of Sen
ator Fairbanks, said this morning that
the Senator -would not make a state
ment of any kind; that -he would ac
cept the nomination If it were present
ed to him, but that h.e would not de
clare that he wanted it. When asked If
Indiana'would present the name of the
Senator when" nominations for the
place were called for, he said that it
would noti and he did not know wheth
er any other State would do so.
- John' L. -Webster of Nebraska, who
Is a candidate for Vice President, ar
rived during the afternoon and regis
tered at the Palmer House, where the
Nebraska 'delegation will 'make its
headquarters. He refused to say a
word regarding his candidacy, except
to remark that he was satisfied with
the outlook.
The La Follette faction from Wiscon
sin is making preparations for a des
perate 'fight before' the Committee on
Credentials,' and expects to carry the
struggle to the bitter end.
H. :W. Chynoweth, who argued the
case -of • Governor La Follette before
the National Committee, said , to-day:
"This is going to be a fight to a fin
ish. . There can be no compromise, and
If the national" convention follows ; the
lead of the national committee we must
make a final appeal to the voters s of
Wisconsin."
- . The Hawaiian delegation, headed by
Governor Carter, • arrived shortly be-
ELDERLY WOMAN BADLY
BURNED IN HER HOME
Aecidentaly Spills Gasoline on Her
Clothes, and They Take Fir©
From Lighted Candle.
SAN BERNARDINO, June 18.— Mrs.
T. N. Breacher, an elderly woman who
has resided here for many years, was
badly burned through the Ignition of
her clothing. . She was alone in the
house and had undertaken to fill the
tank of a gasoline stove. She sat down
to hold the tank in her lap while she
poured in the gasoline, but her hands
trembled and she -spilt a considerable
quantity ot the fluid on her skirts.
Shortly afterward she tried to light a
candle and the vapor from her skirts
Ignited. : K?V
She fought . the flames by wrapping
wet . clothing around her limbs, and
managed to make her way to a large
tub of water, but before help could ar
rive she had been frightfully burned
about the limbs and lower body. '
LONDON, June 13.— Tho Admiralty
to-day received a cablegram from the
China station announcing that the
British torpedo-boat destroyer Spar
rowhawk struck an uncharted rock off
Chesney Island, at the mouth of the
Yangtsekiang yesterday, and sank. No
lives were lost.
AJACCIO, Corsica. June 18.— During
the night of June 16 two British tor
pedo-boat destrovers collided off Porto
Torres, island of Sardinia. One of tho
destroyers sank. The crew was saved.
PARIS,, June 13.— A dispatch to tha
Temps from AJaccio says the torpedo
boat destroyer sunk there on the night
of June IS was the Bat, belonging to
the squadron of Rear Admiral Walker.
During the night maneuvers tho Bat
collided with the destroyer Stag and
sank In deep water.
IRISH BARONET WILL
! PRESS SUIT FOR DIVORCE
Lord Mayor, of Belfast Seeks Separa
tion From Spouse, Naming British,
General as Corespondent.
BERLIN, June IS.— Sir Robert Mc-
Connell, Lord Mayor of who
was made a Baronet by King Edward,
will appear in the Irish courts Monday
to press his petition for divorce. Dur
ing the Boer war his wife went out to
South Africa as a Red Cross nurse.
One of the British generals who took
a prominent part in the war is named
as corespondent , in the case.
CONFIDENCE IN LEADERS
SHOWN BY ORGANIZATION
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., June IS.—
The Ancient Order of United Work
men's Press Association to-day re
elected the *>ld officers. A. E. Pierce of
Colorado is the president. Addresses
were made by ex-Governor A. Riddle
of Kansas and Al H. Barnes of Cali
fornia.
Statistics regarding Oriental com
merce and facts bearing upon the Ha
waiian and Philippine possessions are
all at hand In the metropolis of Cali
fornia and may not be gathered else
where without great expense, Inconven
ience and uncertainty. Furthermore,
there are In San Francisco men" that
have become distinguished in the world
of trade.' Their opinions and their ideas
are wanted by the Congressional com
mittee that it may act without danger
of error.
The visit of this important committee
to San Francisco will be an event: in
the commercial history of the Pacific
Coast. It will follow the adoption j by
the Republican National Convention of
a resolution recommending. that further
action be taken by Congress looking
toward the upbuilding of the American
merchant marine. This "resolution will
make no suggestion as - to the method
to be pursued, but it will give moral
support to the efforts of the distin
guished statesmen in whose hands the
destiny of American commerce rests. ...
Again, the visit to San Francisco; of
this committee will be a splendid rec
ognition of the growing Importance of
San Francisco as the nation's doorway
to the Orient. The provisions of the
measures the committee will adopt will
be in operation, perhaps, before the din
of war shall cease In the Orient; but
when peace does. come, their Influence
will reach out to enrich the nation.
GOVERNOR PARDEE PLEASED.
Governor Pardee was especially
gratified to learn of the approaching
CHICAGO, June 18.— California's del
egation to the Republican National
Convention arrived in the convention
city at 10:10 o'clock this forenoon and
the first news Its members heard was
big news for California— news not of a
political nature, but commercial. Con
gressman E. S. Miner of Wisconsin, In
a conversation with Alternate District
Delegate J. H. Soper of San Francisco
announced that the Congressional Ship
ping Committee, a body appointed by
both houses of the national legisla
ture to devise ways and means to make
the American merchant marine the
largest fleet that sails the seas, had de
cided to visit San Francisco to conclude
its investigations. - The committee,
composed of Senators Gallinger of New
Hampshire, Lodge of Massachusetts,
Penrose of Pennsylvania, Mallory of
Florida and Martin of Virginia and
Representatives Grosvenor of Ohio,
Miner of Wisconsin, Humphrey of
Washington, McDermott of New Jer
sey and Spight of Mississippi, proba
bly will arrive in San Francisco on July
15 and pursue its investigations during
a period of a week.
MEANING OF THE VISIT.
By F. W. BISHOP.
EtaS Correspondent of The Call.
California's delegation is occupying
an uncertain attitude regarding the
aspirants for Vice President, of whom
there are several. While it is probable
that California's delegation will declare
in favor of Fairbanks of Indiana at
next Monday's meeting, New York will
prevent any ante-convention action of
the kind on the part of the Callfornlans
if possible. . ; New York's , delegation,
headed by. Governor Odell, is active in
the interest of lionized "Joe" Cannon,
Speaker of the House/, of Representa
tives, notwithstanding Cannon's an
nouncements that under I no circum
stances will he yield the Congressional
gavel to take up* that In the Senate.
When Odell'B , efforts to sow the seeds
of a stampede for_ Cannon .reached the
latter's ears to-day,' his anger burst
and in its '? ventlng s the ; venerable
Speaker of the r House added * to his
reputation as a man of large vocabu-
Another development of Importance
to California is contained in the an
nouncement that no stronger resolu
tions will go before the convention
than those recommending the immedi
ate completion of the Panama Canal
arid indorsing in every detail the policy
of the Roosevelt administration that
made the construction of the canal pos
sible. Resolutions and platform ma
terial regarding the tariff and kindred
Governmental questions, it is prob
able, will be left open ror the efforts
of the orators, no matter how widely
divergent their ideas, but before the
gavel's fall commands the convention
to come to order, the canal resolution
will be ready for submission. \S'
visit of the Congressional committee to
San Francisco. l>
. "Now, every commercial organiza
tion in California' should rise to this
occasion," he - said. "Any measures
this committee may adopt will benefit
the south of the State as much as it
will the north and as much as it will
the nation. When this committee ar
rives In California all the statistics it
requires should be on hand and every
commercial 'man of note should be on
hand to give his j opinion. The ques
tion is a big one and big minds should
grapple with it."
Delegate Frank H. Short of Fresno
added that California's Representatives
in Congress should anticipate the com
ing of the committee and prepare to
lend their fullest aid to the Important
work. Judge J. W. McKinley of Los
Angeles and M. A. Gunst of San Fran
cisco announced that they would place
their services at the disposal of the
committee and in this they will not be
ahead of the entire delegation. Cali
fornia's delegates to the national con
vention were not slow to grasp the Im
portance of the committee's mission
to San Francisco and they trust that
all of the citizens of the State will be
equally enthusiastic.
STRONG CANAL RESOLUTIONS.
THREE NATIONAL LEADERS OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.' ONE OP WHOM
MAT BE CHOSEN FOR SECOND PLACE ON THE TICKET TO BE HEADED
BY TH£ODORE ROOSEVELT.
New York's Delega
tion Opposing
Fairbanks.
At the conclusion of the ceremony
the President and Mrs. Roosevelt and
several hundred other guests attended
a reception to the young couple at the
country home cf J. J. Roosevelt, about
two miles from the village.
Lieutenant Robert M. Ferguson, a
personal friend of the President, re
ceived the President and his party at
the station, which was prettily deco
rated with flags and bunting. The Pres
ident. Mrs. Roosevelt and Miss Carew,
sister of Mrs. Roosevelt, were escorted
to a carriage and were driven to a pic
turesque little Episcopal church in the
village, where the ceremony was per
formed. The church was filled with
puests when the Presidential party ar
rived, £.nd as the guests of honor en
tered the assembly rose and remained
standing until the President and Mrs.
Roosevelt were seated.
The wediing ceremony was solemnized
by the Rev. A. T. Ahoton. a friend of
the Roosevelt family.
The bridesmaids were Miss Alice
Roosevelt, daughter of the President;
Miss Elinor Roosevelt, his niece; Miss
Caroline Drayton. Miss Mary Newbold.
Miss Coricne Douglas Robinson, Miss
N. Wood and the Misses Wolriche
Whitemore.
HTDE PARK, N. T., June 18.—Presi
dent and Mrs. Roosevelt were the
gtzests of honor to-day at the wedding
of Miss Helen Roosevelt and Theodore
Douglas Robinson. The bride Is a
daughter cf J. J. Roosevelt, who is a
cousin of the President, -and the bride
groom, a son of the President's cister,
Mrs. Douglas Robinson of New York,
Is his nephew.
Nephew of Executive
Takes His Cousin
for a Wife.
The Japanese outposts are eighteen
miles from Port Arthur, ' beyond the
station at Intchenze, two miles from
the Russian outposts. Skirmishes oc
casionally occur. The Russian officers
believe the fortress to be Impregnable.
An enormous number of cattle? the
advices say, were brought into Port
Arthur a few days before the Invest
ment was completed. Meat now costs
but 13 cents a pound, beer is sold at 30
cents a bottle and champagne at 14 a
bottle. A band plays on the boulevard
three times each week.
Most of the inhabitants have enlisted
in the volunteers and 600 women have
offered their services. Perfect- order is
maintained and trade and industry are
carried on as usuaL Provisions are
plentiful, there being a sufficient sup
ply to last six months at full rations
and a year at reduced rations.
PLEATY OF BEEF AND BEER.
According to trustworthy news from
Pert Arthur there had not been a fresh
attack by land or sea up to June 14,
though the Japanese had made, a fourth
unsuccessful attempt to block the en
trance to the harbor, using four fire
ships, two of which were Immediately
sunk by shots from the batteries, the
other two withdrawing.
The Russian fleet, according to these
advices, is intact and the spirits of the
garrison and Inhabitants are excellent.
The soldiers are eager to fight and are
confident of the impossibility of the
taking of Port Arthur by the Japanese.
NEWS FROM PORT ARTHUR.
LIAOYANG. June 18.— The retirement
of the Russians before a superior force
from Vafangow and the advance of
the Japanese east and northeastward
make imminent a still more important
engagement 'in the southern, region.
The Japanese have now arrived at a
point where the forces are more equal
and where they must fight on more
even terms. The loss of 2000 men by
the two Russian divisions at Vafangow
shows . the courage and ability of* the
officers and troops to retain their posi
tion under a percentage of loss almost
unprecedented. The Japanese attack
on Port Arthur has been delayed.
The overcrowded hospital trains are
inspected while passing Liaoyang by
General Kuropatkin and Grand Duke
Boris.
TOKIO, June 18, 0 p. m. — In addi
tion to -jinking the transport Hltashi
and shelling the transport Sado, the
Russians sank the Idzumi, a transport
homeward bound, carrying a few sick
soldiers. Three boats from the Id
zumi reached shore. The losses on the
ldznml are not known.
Mulhall then ran into another pike
inclosure, where he was arrested.
Mulhall, it is said, previous to running
away, pointed his weapon a.tJ Cum
mings, proprietor of the show, but did
not shoot. *;-** '•-¦•'
Mulhall then fired point blank at
Reed, the first bullet striking him in the
arm. The second grazed his neck and
hit Morgan. The additional shots fired
by Mulhall went wild.
To-night at" the conclusion of the
Wild West Show, Mulhall met Reed
as he . was emerging from the show.
Mulhall drew his revolver, but before
he could use it Murrah attempted to
take it away. In the scuffle the weapon
was discharged and Murrah was
wounded.
This afternoon, according to Reed,
he received word that some horses
which had gone astray had been taken
up in St. Louis County and he went
out to get them. He took "California
Jack" Roberts with him over the pro
test of Mulhall, who did not want
Roberts to go.
After they returned Mulhall went to
the stables and, noticing that one of
tho horses had been used, asked what
he had been doing with it. Reed told
him that he had ridden the horse when
he went after the strays. This was
after the show last night. A bitter
quarrel followed, in which Mulhall
drew his revolver and threatened to
shoot j Reed. The latter, not being
armed, desisted. '
MULHALL OPENS FIRE.
There has been trouble for some time
between Mulhall and Reed. The lat
ter says it waa because Mulhall tried
to run things, although he was only an
employe, like Reed. Last week Mulhall
had Reed arrested on the charge of dis
turbing the peace and Reed was»flned
550.
1LWE LONG BEEN ENEMIES.
ST. LOUIS, June 18.— Zach Mulhall.
livestock agent of the St. Louis and
San Francisco Railroad, to-night shot
three men in front of the entrance of
the Wild West Show, on the pike, at
the World's Fair. One of them, an in
nocent bystander named Ernest Mor
gan, was fatally wounded. He was shot
in the abdomen. The other men are
Frank Reed, boss hostler of the Wild
West Show, and Johnny Murrah, one
of the cowboys. They are being cared
for at the Emergency Hospital on the
World's Fair grounds.
The doctors say that Morgan will
die. He lives in St. Louis and is IS
years old. Frank Reed, who is 60
years old, was shot in the arm and the
right side of the neck. Murrah, aged
35 years, was shot in the abdomen.
The shooting was the culmination of
trouble between Mulhall and Frank
Reed over the question of 'authority.
It occurred at the entrance of the show,
just at the conclusion of^j. performance,
while the pike was crowded. Mulhall
was locked up and bail was refifeed.
One Bullet Goes Wild and as a Result
an Innocent Spectator Is
Dying.
Battle Between 1 the Main Armies of
Russia and Japan Soon to
Occar Near Vafangow.
Three Men Are Wounded in
a Crowded Avenue on
the Pike. :
Toiio Claims the. Vessel
Was Carrying Sick
Soldiers /Home.- % *
Wild West Men's
Quarrel Ends in
Tragedy.
Fate oi Third Jap
anese Transport
is Learned.
SHOOTING
AFFRAY AT
EXPOSITION
WARSHIPS'
GUNS SINK
THE IDZUMI
XtocaeuA awkto rt SmuJRhus
«tso* ft* tutctr *•«*• ckfttur "
astSalsft*. **>• 19i
TKtB. nraa tartan XUcM
aorta «t»£a. rWimtrir to tcttfc
¦MfLty. A. Ow ittrHPTB.
Btetrto* Jtaniautak
The San Francisco Call
"XJU! TB3XAT3SS&S.
Alcaxar — "duultr 1 " AuaV»
Calif oral*— "A Frinc* of Uan."
Central — "The Octoroon." M*ti
ne« To-Day.
* Clmtea — VandrrtUa.
PlacJier'*— "V. B." KCstiae* To-
Bay.
Grand — "Dn Barry.''
Orpbcnm — Yandevill*. ICatiat*
To-Day.
TlvoU— "BoTsln Hood." •
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 19.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.About two-thirds of the people who
attend church can't tell an hour later
what the minister talked about.
WALLA WALLA, Wash.. June 18.—
Samuel Thurber, a Harvard graduate
and at one time a professor in a New
York, State Institution, died at St.
Mary's Hospital this morning of tuber
culosis Induced by dissipated habits.
Of late years Thurber has lived In
semi-squalor at Pasco,- Franklin Coun
ty, drinking until fits of delirium tre
mens would come on him. His uncle,
brother and other relatives are leading
New York City business men.
Harvard Graduate and Relative of
Wealthy New Yorkers Falls Vio
tlm to Excessive Drinking.
DISSIPATION CAUSES
DEATH OP YOUNG MAN
LOS ANGELES, June 18.— Returning
to the house from' a nearby field to
which she had taken her husband's
dinner, Mr< Charles Pfenninff, wife
of a dairyman residing south of the
city, found her seven months old babyj
dying of poison. The child had been
fed bichloride of mercury by a tot two
and a half years old, who had found
the poison where It had been laid with
in his reach. ' Having tasted it himself
he fed It to his baby brother with fatal
results.
A physician was called, but befora he
reached the place the baby died.
CHILD FEEDS POISON
TO HIS BABY BROTHER
Physician Is Hastily Summoned by I
Parents, but Before He Arrlres I
the Infant Dies.
. All the cork used in the world in a
year weighs a little over one thousand
tons. a^SfaStt
SANTA CRUZ, June 18.— The sum
mer' school of civil engineering of the
State University broke - camp to-day
after being at LIddell Creek. for more
than a month. -
COLON, June 18^ — The overdue
steamship Advance lofy the Panama
Steamship Company, 'which sailed
from New York June 9 for this port,
arrived here this morning. She had
been delayed by bad weather and new
machinery.
Overdue Vessel's Delny in Reaching
Port Due to Bad Weather and •
New Machinery.
STEAMSHIP ADVANCE
ARRIVES AT COLON
NEW YORK, June 18. — The final
round for the Woman's Metropolitan
Golf Association championship between
MrB. E. A. Manice.NBaltusrol, and Mrs.
M. D. Paterson, Englewood. brought a
large gallery of golf enthusiasts to the
Apawamls Club links, near Rice, to
day. Mrs. Manlce won by two up and
one to play. Mrs. Manlce won the
championship of the association in 1902
over the Essex Country Club links, and
successfully defended her title last year
at the Richmond County Club links.
Mrs. Paterson played fine golf this year
and won the woman's championship at
Pine Hurst in the spring. /
Mrs. Manlce Wins at Golf.
CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. June 18.—
Among the students who will receive
the Bachelor of Laws degree from
Harvard University Law School June
29 are the following Californians: Er
nest Louis Brune (A. B. Leland Stan
ford, '01), Walter Everett Conlin (A. B.
Leland Stanford, '01), Oscar Fulton
Cooper (A. B. Harvard, '02), Cornelius
George Dalla (A. B. California Univer
sity, '01), Wesley Newcomb Hofeld
(A. B. California '01) of
San Francisco, and Jewel Alexander of
Watsonville (B. L. California Univer
sity, '01), "John Rose Robinson of Chi
co (B. L. University of California, '00)
and Arthur James McFadden of Santa
Ana (S. B. Pomona A College, '01).
List of Degree Men Contains Names
of Men Who Formerly Attended
Berkeley and Stanford.
CALIFORNIA STUDENTS
AMONG HARVARD GRADUATES
"There are, by many thousands, too
many unmarried men in the United
States,* therefore, we, old maids as
sembled In world's congress here, deem
it our right to demand that the state
disfranchise all men who have
reached the age of 25 years and \ are
still unmarried.''
As a result of a call sent out several
weeks ago for the convention of old
maids of the world, fifty single ladies,
ranging In ages from 25 to 65, as
sembled here to-night." About 200 let
ters of regrets* were read to v the con
vention. A letter from a matrimonial
bureau, which is - sending women to
the Klondike, was read.
KENOSHA, WIs., June 18.— Before
the Republican convention at Chicago
can announce that Its work Is ended,
it must consider a plaint that has been
drawn up, signed, sealed and mailed
for delivery, by a half i hundred old
maids now assembled in convention
here. Here Is their ead and eloquent
plea:
of Unmarried Men.
Old Maids Send Memorial to Conven
tion Demanding Dlsf ranchlsement
HUSBANDLESS WOMEN
SEND PLEA TO POLITICIANS
Every dog has his day— and wise is
the dog that knows when he's having
It.
STAMFORD, Conn., June 18.— John
Bradleys, who was one of the oldest,
if not the oldest man in America, is
dead at Fitch's Soldier's Home at Noro
ton Heights, Conn. He claimed to be
136 years old and was proud of his
longevity. The hospital authorities at
Noroton Heights calculate that he was
at least 115 years of age. He was born
In Ireland and came to this country
when a young man. The outbreak of
the Civil War found him In New Haven
and he was then an old man. He was
anxious to enlist and to give himself
the appearance of youth he dyed his
hair black. The ruse appears to have
succeeded, for. he was admitted to the
Sixth Connecticut. About ten years
ago he was admitted to the home. He
always smoked and drank aa much as
he wanted and could procure.
John Bradlcys, Who Claimed to Be
130 Years of Age, Dies at the
Soldiers' Horns.
LIVES MORE THAN CENTURY
BEFORE DEATH CLAIMS HIM
STATE PRISON DIRECTORS
31EET AT SAN QUENTIN
Jaracs Phillips, Who Escaped From
the Penitentiary and Was Recap
tured. Loses All Credits.
SAN QUENTIN. June 18.— The regu
lar monthly meeting of the State Board
of Prison Directors was held h$re to
day. Directors Fellon and Fitzgerald
v.ere absent. The morning and the
greater part of the afternoon session
was spent in receiving bids for supplies
for the fiscal year.
Contracts were awarded to many
prominent firms. The bids for electric
al supplies and fuel were set aside until
the directors decided whether electri
city, coal or oil will be used for power
in the future. A new office was cre
ated, that of armorer. The salary was
fixed at $G0 per month.
"The case of Convict James Phillips,
who escaped from the prison a few
months ago while herding cattle, and
vho was captured seven days later at
Geyserville, was taken up. The direct
ors deprived Phillips of all of his cred
its, amounting to 52 months. •Phillips
will now have to serve nearly five years
longer instead of four months. ;
The board adjourned late this after
noon to meet at Folsom Prison next
Saturday.
WASHINGTON. June 18.— Charre L**. at
rar.arr.a, to-day cabled the State Department
that the national conreatlon of Panama has
ratiSed the pending treaty of extradition with
-America.
Lawrence Wlllett, a boom man em
ployed by the Larson Mill Company at
Bellingham, while working alone last
night was thrown into the water, ap
parently by the turning of slippery
logs, and his body,, was recovered to
day.
TACOMA, June 18.— The drowning of
W. L. Lanktree, the telegraph operator
at Five Fingers, stopped the business
of the Dominion Government on the
upper Yukon telegraph line for two
days. One day last week Lanktree and
his brother, who is a lineman at the
Eame station, went out on the Yukon
for the purpose of repairing a broken
wire two miles down the river. Their
boat was accidentally overturned and
Operator Lanktree was drowned. Five
Fingers is a relay station for most of
the Yukon telegraph business, and for
two days the operators along the line
were .unable to get any response from
that office. The following day a faint
call was received from Lineman Lank
tree, who brokenly conveyed the in
formation that hls y brother had been
drowned. Another operator was sent
from White Horse.
For Two Days No Messages Could
Be Sent Over the Upper
Yukon Lino.
drowning op telegraph
Operator stops business
The first sign of a fight in the com
mittee on resolutions came into sight
to-day in the efforts of Senator Hans
brough of North Dakota to enlist re
cruits in favor of a declaration for re
vision of the tariff. The Senator claims
that in his interviews with delegates
and members of the National Commit
tee he has found a strong sentiment In
favor of reciprocity, especially with
Canada. The Senator would not say
that he expected to get such a plank
into the platform, as he clearly under
stood that the "stand patters" were in
control and would be likely to have
matters their own way. However, he Is
determined to make a fight before the
committee for the insertion of a revi
sion plank.
Thursday, June 23— Prayer by Rev.
Thaddeus A. Sniveley; call for Presi
dential nominations; presentation of
name of President Roosevelt by Frank
C. Black of New York, and seconding
speeches by Senator Beverldge of Indi
ana and others; nomination of Vice
President; selection of committees for
notification of candidates.
TARIFF ISSUE SHOWS UP.
Secretary Dover of the National Com
mittee announced this afternoon the
official programme for the three days
of the convention. It is as follows:
Tuesday, June 21— Convention called
to order by Chairman Henry C. Payne;
prayer by Rev. Timothy P. Frost;
reading of the call for the convention
by Secretary Elmer Dover; introduc
tion of temporary chairman Elihu
Root, who will address the convention
and report the names of the temporary
officials; appointments of committees
on permanent organization, credentials,
rules and resolutions.
Wednesday, June* 22— Prayer by Rev.
Thomas E. Cox; report of the commit
tee on resolutions; report of the com
mittee on permanent organization; In
troduction and speech' of Permanent
Chariman Joseph G. Cannon; report of
the committee on rules; naming by
State delegations of the members of
the new National Committee.
"There is one man whom I consider
eminently qualified for the place, and
in my opinion he would be the strong
est candidate we can have as a run
ning mate for Mr. Roosevelt. He Is
one of the old Lincoln Republicans,
and the lines of the early Republican
faith have not been Ironed out of him
yet I almost am afraid to tell his
name, because I know that he has said
that he does not want the^pyace, but I
am in favor of 'Joe* Cannon. I mean
I would like to be for him if I were not
afraid to be so. I understand that he
had men thrown out of the recent Re
publican convention in this State just
because they mentioned him as a can
didate for Vice President.
"As to Senator Fairbanks, I under
stand that he will not say he wants
the place and that he will not aeek it
in any way. " do not think he can be
elected to tho position if he will not
seek it a little bit. An Illinois man
in the second place on the ticket' would
please us In New York."
CONVENTION PROGRAMME. .
Chauncey M. Depew arrived at the
Auditorium during the afternoon, as
did Governor Odell of New York and
Senator Platt. Senator Depew, In dis
cussing the Vice Presidential matter,
said: «^ ; "ir^.->»
The delegates from New York, the
majority of whom arrived during the
afternoon and evening, made it evident
that the Empire State is not in favor
of Senator Fairbanks for Vice Presi
dent. Elihu Root, who is to be the
temporary chairman of the, convention,
was the first of the prominent New
Yorkers to put in an appearance. t
"There is a strong Hitt sentiment In
New York," said Root, "and we are of
the opinion t/hat he will make a strong
candidate. The fact that Senator Fair
banks has expressed no wish for the
place has served to aid the candidacy
of Hitt."
ROOT IS BOO3IIXG HTTT.
fore noon and at once went out to the
Derby.
"We have no Instructions," said Gov
ernor Carter, "except to vote for Presi
dent Roosevelt. We have formulate'd
no plan as to the Vice Presidency, but
we favor Senator Fairbanks at pres
ent." tv:v
The amenities of the Journey con
cluded with the presentation to Chair
man McKinley by John M. Switzer,
chairman of the Philippine delegation,
of a splendid set of views of the islands
bound in morocco. This, said Switzer,
was a Email token of his appreciation
of the courtesies that had been extend
ed him by the California delegation.
Th« California delegation, replied
McKinley, was delighted that It had
been given opportunity to extend the
courtesies so tactfully acknowledged.
CALIFORNIA'S HEADQUARTERS.
The California headquarters are lo
cated on- the second floor) of the Audi
torium, between those of Ohio and
Missouri. Though the room is small,
it is handsomely decorated and will
servo its purpose well. Flags panel the
walls and French drapery of white and
gold shimmers against the ceiling. A
large table, draped in the national col
ors, and chairs for the delegates com
plete the -furnishing.
For this the delegation is paying $30
a day. It is not the quality but the
quantity of this room that is exciting
the delegates. They are of the opinion
that they are being plundered. One of
them remarked he had. finally solved
the problem as to why Black Bart mado
his living robbing stages in the West —
he was too honest to run a hotel in Chi
cago.
This has been the howl all over the
city. Rooms that a week ago wept
for an occupant at $7 a week now smile
with an income of that much a day.
Third-class houses that were are now
aristocratic hostel rles. r
In this California's delegation sees a
chance to -secure for San Francisco,
with her superb facilities for housing
her guests, the next national conven
tion.
Chicago's welcome to the California
delegation and its guests, the delega
tions J^om Nevada, Hawaii and the
Philippines, was^most cordial, but the
austerity of the occasion was in a
measure Jarred' by Irreverent trades
men. When the special train drew into
the depot a long line of carriages was
in waiting to convey the delegates and
their families to their various quar
ters. Preceded by the ' Indiana band,
this imposing line of drags started for
the Auditorium. Not many blocks had
been covered, however, before the pa
rade was liberally interspersed with
coal carts, butcher carts, mule rigs and
hansoms. Though this interference
added somewhat to the picturesqueneas
of the pageant. It hardly contributed to
Its dignity. However, the additloni to
the parade were lost befora Michigan
avenue was reached, and to the stirring
strains of "There'll Be a Hot Time"
the delegation alighted and was es
corted to headquarters.
The last day's run of the California
delegation's special was delightful.
Cool breezes Invigorated the travelers,
and congratulations have been show
ered upon the weather. All were so
pleased with the management of the
train that a resolution of thanks to
A. H. Abbott, San Francisco passen
ger agent of the Chicago and North
western Railroad, who brought the
train through, was adopted and signed
by all of the travelers.
lary. In Odell's activity he professes
to see a scheme to place "Jim" Sher
man of New York In the Speaker's
chair. Cannon wants to stay where he
is, he says, and says It savagely. It Is
the general opinion that he will.
Congressman Hltt of Illinois and
Cyrus P. Walbridse of Missouri, ex
ilayor of St. Louis, are also In the run
ning for Vice President, but so far they
have not sought California's support.
DELEGATION OX PARADE.
Continued From Page 21, Column 5.
NEW YORK OPPOSING FftiFtBRftKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALLr.- SUNDAY; : JUNE 10, 1904.
CALIFORNIA DELEGATES REACH'
REPUBLICAN CONVENTION CITY
Continued From Page 21, Column 4.
HEAR BIG NEWS ON THEIR ARRIVAL
22
ADVERTISEMENTS " ¦ - :
Thousands of Remnants v of
Every Kind at an Im-
mense Saving
Every Remnant in the Store (without
any exception) on Sale To-morrow
at a Discount of 25 Per Cent
Off Marked. Pricey
Every SILK Remnant, every DRESS GOODS Remnant,
every, LACE Remnant, every TRIMMING. Remnant, every
VELVET Remnant, every FLANNEL Remnant, every
WHITE GOODS and EMBROIDERY Remnant, every
LINEN Remnant, every TABLE LINEN Remnant, every
CRASH and TOWELING Remnant, every SHEETING and
PILLOW CASING Remnant, every WASH GOODS Rem-
nant, every CURTAIN Remnant and every LINING Rem-
AH at 25% Discount
In this offering will be found fully a* thousand
WAIST LENGTHS and DRESS LENGTHS of THIS SEA-
SON'S Best Styles, everything included.
D. Samuels Lace House Go.
Sutter St. and Grant Ave.
Remember our Remnants are always sold at considerably
less than the regular price by the yard. $f^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
b. katsghinskT
Philadelphia Shoe Co. \
10 THIRD STREET, SAH FRANCISCO
Adjoiatnjr Call BulUUnff.
{These Shoe Values
I Will Interest You.
B Our special sale roods this w«elc
¦ are right In season and are what
H you need now. We always aim to
H reduce our prices on the roods
H which we know will interest you.
|I The style and quality of our ad-
H vertised Shoes are of a high etand-
i ard and our' prices are remarkably
I close for such fresh new roods.
|| Special leader this week: Ladles'
O Fine Black Vld Kid Oxford Ties.
1 made with hand-turned soles.
J stylish coin toes and patent leata-
tl er tips, dull mat kid tops and
i high French heels, worth $3.00.
J XHXS WSSX S1.40 A FAX*.
|1||S|| S1i65
DRESSY AND DDRABLE.
One of the best values w* ha,**
ever offered: Ladies' Tin* Qual-
ity Vld Kid Lace Shoes, mad*
with neat extension sswsd soles,
coin toes, patent leather tips and
military walking heels. A cobby
Shoe for little money. Sizes i% to
8. Widths B to EE. USDVCSO
rBXCB S1.G5 A FATS.
AH ATTRACTIVE STYLE.
Always popular and dressy for
the little ones: Infants' and
Children's Patent Leather Button
and Lace Shoes, made on neat
rounding toes, hand-turned soles
and stylish mat kid tops. AT CUT
FHICES FOX THIS WX32X OJIXY.
Infants' sizes. 1 to 5fe 75<%
Chllds' sizes, with sprinr heels.
4iil °' -— ooc
GRAY CANVAS OXFORD.
For solid comfort la the warn
weather: Ladles' Mixed Gray
Canvas Oxfords, made with plia-
ble turned soles, neat cola tees
and canvas tips and comfortable
concave heels. Sizes 2U te I.
Widths B to B. OT/X X29UCZ9
SALS FSXCE 90c
On sale this week tt» ¦ a
bargain price: Ladles* Kiln
White Kid and White "| 1 1 I !
Canvas Oxfords, small W W
sizes. 2tt to 6. widths A
to C If you wear a small size It
will pay you to call and procure a
bargain.
B. KATSGHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co*
10 TXZX9 8T, Saa FraacUeo
Bn959\A/tB/\K 7V\EN
<il?vd DR. HAli'3 REIXVIGORATO'n
£J3 Baft stops sJl loe»«« ud unnatural al»-
y charges In 24 hours. You feel aa
3q BS?i Jmprovement from the flnt do««.
B4 yJY] w« bmrt ¦« much confidence ta our
-**>! nra- treatment that w» offer TIts Huti-
dred reward for any ease we caa-
¦ippnpcfM Mt eur8 xfcj, sccrst r«m«dy cures
loit power nightly emissions, w&sted orwsns.
varicocele. gleet, strictures; kidneys, faiitnc
memory, drains In th« urine, s-onorrnea. dis-
ease of the postat« elands and ail oth»r terr-
ble effects of self- abuse or excesses, which le*I
on to consumption and death. Positrrely cure*
the worst cases In old or young of that mortl-
fyiiur condition, quickness of the dlschar»«. and
wantine to do, and you can't. Sent sealed, i.
per' botths: three bottles. 13. Guaranteed
CU Otl* n or C addr*»9 orders HAtX/S MEDICAt.
INSTITUTE 856 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
Also for sale at 107314 Market «.. «i. F. 6«nd
for ft— book.
Woman
mFk%vra\n MARYIL Whirling Spray
- V\*^. ! ftS) >5 *V ft»»«dtfttrfi««. brtt-M'
i»* ymt tnt«t(t ftj» !«. \. ffL **", <*~**
M.inVKI.. aeoei* no >4i' O^»
other, bul %rn«t Uimp for J *. /^fey
lUastrated hook— •»«!•<• Itcrrts vv. # '"m
fi»Up«>rUe3Wr»»addtr<*i!on«l2>- ©»/ Jf
ralaA'jIc to u.lies .HlBMdiO., \jj ... ._»
41 Park Hew, ,»n lark. utfnf[l»
IV- New Muntx^mery. San Francisco, Cal.
\f Illlaw HatterotA (Ladies' D=pt.l. 224 8vitter.
Union Dtuk Co., *0O Sutter anj 10O Stockton.
Oefood Urothers.. .7th and Broadway, Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy 119 £*"¦
BRllSHlliO «•«• bootblacks. Jmn-
JJ11UO11L.U houses, billiard tabtea.
brewers, bookbinders, eandy « k "* em "2£
dyers, flour mills, foundries. Uu ™' rt «*•*!£!£
han M rs. printer^ painters. »,*<* * ac 1 "f Ufc
stablemen. tnr-rror«T.. tann*w. tatlors. ebx
BVCSAZTAS B210S..
Brash. Maanlactnxers, :09 Sacrsuacnto SV
WEEKLY CA1X, $1.00 PEB YEAS. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE STORK OF
A PERSONAL WORD BY THOMAS W, LAWSON AND A
STATEMENT BY THE PUBLISHERS OF
\ \ <
ay Q &<%€&]£ €BJum mm €7
The Personal Word by Mr. Lawson
Personally I know that one hundred millinos of dollars were lost, thirty
men committed suicide and twenty previously reputable citizens went to
tie penitentiaiy, directly because of Amalgamated.
It -was lzrpjdy because of my efforts that the foundation of Amalga- *
mxted was successfully laid. It was created because of my work. It was
becanse of what I stood for. because I had the public's confidence, and be-
czsse my promises had been kept that the plain people invested two hun-
dred million dollars of their savings, and it was because of trickery and
broken promises that the public lost the enormous sums they did.
My motrres for writing the Story of Amalgamated are manifold: I
hire caTrittiagly been made the instrument by which thousands upon thou-
sands of investors in America and Europe have been plundered. I wish
them to know my position as to the Past, that they may acquit me of inten-
tional wrongdoing; as to the present, that they may know that I am doing
ail in my power to right the wrongs that have been committed; and as to
the futcre, that they may see how I propose to compel restitution.
' THOMAS W. LAWSON.
A Statement by the Publishers of
Everybody's Magazine
In the articles by Mr. Lawson, beginning in the July number, under the
caption of "Frenzied Finance, The Story of Amalgamated," we have a nar-
rative from Mr. Lawson's own lips how, in the last few years, he has seen
millions of dollars won without right and thousands of men ruined. It is a
Ftory of financial tragedy of to-day.
In the great financial happenings of recent years story tellers have
given their version, political economists their theories, reformers their pic-
tures and historians their tablets. For the first time in the history of High
Finance we have the High Priest tell it as it happened, and it is for Every-
body's Magazine to publish the "cold-blooded facts." for Mr. Lawson has
pledged himself to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.
THE RIDGWAY-THAYER COMPANY.
Hall Cainc's New Story
"The Prodigal Son" begins in the July number of Everybody's Magazine. 10 cents
on all news-stands, or 51.00 per year.
THE RIDGWAY-THAYER COMPANY. Publishers, Union Square, New York.
ADVEBTTRTrMTnrra.
San Francisco, Sunday, 10 Jun*, 19W.
How would this
.table suit you, $9.85?
Oak in the popular golden brown finish.
Measures 42 by 42 inches when closed. -Ex-
tends to six feet when, needed. The best oak -
table we ever offered for the money— and
:-';; v that's saying much.
New things from the United Craft's work-
shops — odd furniture pieces, also heavy brass
candlesticks and lanterns, and some of the
most artistic portieres, table covers and sofa
cushions we have ever seen.
*
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union Square
ADVXBTISEBLENTS.
s€^ J^&K*'"*"^" * From iHe.
M s^-MT-' : C»ital <fthe Ration V
VVvW /fa I (r rlri AiK )' remotest corner*
T^MSiiifiW^- PIANO
¦I * rience one of the greatest of musical pleasures.
Jji^k Let us explain our special ' proposition, ¦ which
VvVY^ H enable you to own a LUDWIG PIANO on the .
\\V\\ roost liberal and easy terms.
JS The Wiley B. Allen Co.,
vy • 931-933 Market Street, San Francisco.
y Other stores: Oakland. San Jose, Sacramento, I
I Eureka, Fresno and San Diego. . I
\ . The Mauvals Music Co. is now established in our building . J
\ For sheet music, books or email mueical instruments address M
A them. ' .STOCKTON, June 18.— With the la
bor unions trying to carry several boy
cotts, two or three other unions on
stride, and with the Business Men's
Association demanding that the mem
bers of the Clerks' . Union surrender
their cards forthwith, the local indus
trial situation is lively enough. Yes
terday the Musicians' Union withdrew
from the federated trades, not desiring
Refuse to Give. Their Approval to the
Boycott Against the Yosemite
. Theater in Stockton.
MUSICIANS WITHDRAW
FROM FEDERATED TRADES
Joseph Corcoran, Brother Raphael,
is a native of Vallejo and a graduate
of the High School of that city.
Edward Kenney, Brother Basil, was
born and educated in San Francisco.
His parents reside at 2779 Pine street.
Reginald Lewis, In religion Brother
Antonlous, received his early education
at Sacred Heart College, San Fran
cisco, in which city his parents residue
at 137 San Jose avenue.
The young men entered St. Domi
nic's Monastery In 1896, and on March
19 last the order of deacon was con
ferred on them.
BENICIA, June 18.— Reginald Lewis,
Joseph Corcoran and Edward Kenney
have completed their theological stud
ies at St. Dominic's Monastery, Ben
icia, and on June 29 will be ordained
Catholic clergymen. The, ordination
services, which will take place In St.
Dominic's Church, San Francisco, will
be, conducted by Archbishop Montgom
ery.
Three Grndnates of St. Dominic's
Monastery to Be Ordained Clergy
men by Archbishop Montgomery.
STUDENTS COMPLETE
THEOLOGICAL STUDIKS
Immigration Agent Visits AstL
SANTA ROSA. June 13.— Cavalie?
Eglsto Rossi, immigration agent of tha
Italian Government at New York. la
the guest of the Italian-Swiss Colony
at Asti. He Is gathering statistics for
his Government. Rossi is accompanied
by an Italian army officer. Colonel An
drea Cerri.
Flagship New York, After Leaving
i Honolulu, Sends and Receives
Many Messages.
HONOLULU, June ".—Further wire
1 less telegraph tests have been success
fully made between the local company
station and one of the vessels of the
United States navy, this time the flag
ship New York, which left here on
June 4. The New York took the Cross
coherers, the invention of the manager
of the local company, using them in
j stead of the Stable-Arco coherers
' which have, been adopted by the Navy
Department. At 8 o'clock in the even
ting, when the ship was seventy-two
miles away, she was sending messages
to friends ashore. At the conclusion of
the league baseball games here Cross
sent both scores to the flagship and re
ceived the thanks of all on board for
his thoughtfulness.
At 6 p. m. the flagship wired in that
/ the vessels had been overtaken by a se-
I vere gale, that the wind was blowing
hard and that the vessel was rolling.
One of the officers aboard, whose wife
is in Honolulu, was extremely anxious
to ascertain whether she could return
to the mainland on the Korea, and
whether she could get good accommo
dations. The message was conveyed
to the lady, who at once looked up the
matter and wired back last evening
that she had arranged everything all
right for the Korea. A number of pri
vate dispatches were sent In by Ad
, mlral Glass.
SUCCESS ATTENDS TEST
OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
to stand for the central body's hostil
ity against the Yosemite Theater. The
sole basis of opposition to the theater
is that a boycotted firm hauls the^ scen
ery for the traveling shows. The tacit
boycott on the house Is declared by the
management to have added to the at
tendance, the Citizens' Alliance having
urged its members to attend. In the
longshoremen's strike there is no
change and there is little mention of
the difficulty at Holt's, which started
the whole trouble. Except In five
stores the clerks have Been asked to
surrender their cards and have done
so. The disunionizatlon of the stores
has been undertaken, the merchants
say, In order to put all the stores on
an even basis, thus nullifying the ef
fects of the boycott laid on some of
their number.
"I have just returned from a meet
ing of the Board of Aldermen, it being
in reference to the awful calamity
which came to us last Wednesday — the
loss of the steamboat General Slocum,
in" which nearly a thousand of our
women and children perished.
"This misfortune has touched every
heart In the municipality and has
brought sympathy to us fjom every
SICKIJES BLAMES INSPECTORS.
General Daniel E. Sickles, a member
of the Board of Aldermen, late thi3
afternoon sent the following communi
cation to President Roosevelt:
by the city this afternoon, a special
plat In the Lutheran Cemetery having
been' provided. Of the twenty- nine
bodies only one was that of a man,
there being eleven children and seven
teen women. As the fourteen hearses
carrying the unknown victims of the
disaster passed an unusually large
crowd stood respectfully on the side
walks, making a line extending several
blocks to the pier, whence the ferry
carried them over to the Long Island
fhore. The men stood with bowed and
uncovered heads, and by far the great
er portion of the women and chil
dren knelt Even those who are or
dinarily phlegmatic and undemonstra
tive were affected by the sorrow that
all seemed to feel, and sobs shook the
frames of the women, while tears
streamed down the cheeks bf the men.
The cortege continued through the
street lined by mourning thousands un
til it became a part of the long pro
cession of funerals that were wending
their way to the cemetery.
A diver who to-day renewed the
search for victims found a deep hole in
the bed of the river practically filled
with bodies. Within an hour after the
search was begun eight bodies had
been brought to the surface, and when
he was forced to abandon work for a
time because of the swift current he
said that between thirty and fifty bod
ies still remained in the hole.
The unknown and unclaimed dead,
numbering twenty-nine, were buried
earlier than they admitted at the out
set. Charles Lang, who is searching
for a missing child, Informed the police
that the deckhands knew of the fire be
fore the Slocum had passed Fifty-sev
enth street- Lang said the flames were
visible to all on board by the time the
steamboat reached Eighty-ninth street
Witnesses summoned to appear be
fore Coroner Berry In Bronx on Mon
day will attempt to show that a mem
ber of the crew was responsible for the
fire. This deckhand admits that he
ran away as soon as he learned of It,
and one of his former associates insists
that he ran before anybody else knew
that there was any trouble.
More than 200 subpenas have been
issued for. the inquest, which may last
a week. Pilots and river men will tes
tify about the opportunities to beach
the Slocum before reaching the Island
and about the conditions of wind and
time. Another investigation is to be
begun at once by the Department of
Labor and Commerce and Coroner Ber
ry has supplied the list of his witnesses
to Supervising Inspector Rodie.
DIVER FIXDS MANY BODDZS.
"Even if it would not have bee'n
burned, the boat, striking the Mead
ows, would have backed oft* again, and
everybody on board would have been
drowned in deep water when jumping
off."
"A short distance ahead and to the
westward was a large tug. I had no
choice but to keep on for the island.
If I had stopped and turned round
and gone back to the Sunken Meadows
the chances were lhat the boat would
have been burned to the water's edge
and the passengers with it before we
reached the Meadows.
Captain Van Shaick. who is lying
at the Lebanon Hospital with a broken
foot and severe burns about the head,
has given out an interview replying
to the criticisms of his conduct it hav
ing been .alleged that he ran the boat
two miles past at least eight places
where it could have been beached
after the fire was discovered. He is
quoted as follows:
"I was in my cabin when some one
yelled 'Fire*' through the tube," he
said. "I ran out, saw the flames
sweeping over the boat, ran back,
waited five seconds and then gave the
order to run ahead .to North Brother
Island and beach the boat sideways,
believing thfs was our only chance.
"The critics don't know the terri
tory. We. were more than 2000 feet
above the buoys on the Sunken Mead
ows and about 2000 feet from North
Brother Island and were going at fif
teen miles an hour.
The deeds, insurance policies and
the bank books are all in the name of
a person whom, it would seem, is quite
different from Eva Kruger, but the
Coroner is keeping the name secret for
the present and is considerably puzzled
because the woman has not been iden
tified by relatives.
VAN SCIIAICK EXPLAINS.
part of the world. Of course, you hav«
already taken such steps in the right
direction as becomes your office, but I
trust you will not regard it amiss to
receive a suggestion or two from on«»
of the city fathers.
"There Is an Impression here that th«
Federal officials charged with the duty
of Inspecting steamboats have been
negligent and inefficient and that they
are gravely at fault in not having done
what they might have done to avoid
what has happened.
"Pray see that these inspectors shall
be competent and trustworthy, and, if
further legislation be necessary to pro
vide safeguards for the future, charge
Congress to provide them.
"You will asree with me, I am sure,
that a prompt and thorough Investiga
tion of all the facts is of prime Im
portance, as well to nx responsibility
for the past'^as to provide guarantee
for the future. Sincerely yours,
"DANIEL E. SICKLES."
KAISER SENDS CONDOLENCES.
A telegram was received to-day
from the German Embassado'r at
Washington, Baron, Speck von Stern
burg, inclosing the following cable
gram from the German Emperor:
"Being most profoundly affected by
the news of the indescribably horrible
catastrophe which has overtaken the
Lutheran congregation, I command
you to express to it my innermost
feelings of sorrow."
Of the money, jewelry and other
valuables taken from the dead In the
Slocum disaster, aggregating nearly
5200,000, much has been claimed
from the Coroner by relatives. There
is one package, however, for which no
claim has yet been established. It was
found on the body of a woman at first
supposed to be that of Eva Kruger,
but has not yet been identified.
The property consists of eight bank
books, showing deposits of nearly
$25,000 in eight of the best known
savings institutions of New York; two
or three life insurance policies,
amounting in all to- about 510,000 or
$15,000; deeds to property* in New
York and elsewhere and a consider
able amount in bank notes.
NT7W YORK. June 18.— Seventeen
more bodies of the Slocum disaster's
victims were recovered to-day, making
E77 la alL Of these 623 have been Iden
tified and thirty were burned beyond
chance of recognition. The number of
missing Is 229. In the hospitals are
fifty-three who were Injured, # all of
¦whom are progressing favorably.
Under instruction from Mayor Mo-
Clellan, Police Commissioner McAdoo
has entered Into a contract for raising
the hull of the Slocum and towing it to
Hikers Island. The cost of this work
will be 511,000. It is believed many more
bodies vrill be found in the interior of
the boat and under the wheels. The
original intention of blowing up the re
mains of the boat with dynamite was
abandoned, because It was feared th«
bodies under It would be mangled. The
raising may bring to light physical evi
dences of the cause of the disaster.
Many liberal contributions were
made to the Mayor's fund for the re
lief of BUfferers.'lncluding 51000 from J.
P. Morgan & Co. The present total of
ths fund is 522.000. A resolution
authorizing the city to contribute 550.000
was Introduced in the Board of Alder
men, and, while it failed to pass, as
there were not enough members pres
*nt, it was made a special order for the
next meeting.
Mourning was generally displayed
throughout the city. Many business
houses were closed In the section sur
rounding St Mark's Lutheran Church.
There were 190 funerals of victims In
this district. Including thosa of the
wife and sister of Rev. George C. F.
Haas, pastor of the church.
Evidence Is accumulating to show
that the fire on the Slocum was known
to the oScers of the steamship much
EpecUl Dlzpttch to Tb« Call.
Evidence Accumulates That Officers Knew of Pres
ence of Fire Before Time They Have Stated.
COWARDLY DECKHAND, FIRST TO DISCOVER FLAMES
ON THE SLOCUM, FLEES WITHOUT GIVING AN ALARM
THE S£N SUNDAY; JUNE'; 19; 190£
23
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Out* /ind C^If^'fiiifio^
In telling about the growth of our business we said last Friday, "We
carry in stock more clothes than any other three local stores combined."
We knew this to be a fact when we made the statement^ Here is the
proof. Our men's ready-to-wear clothing department occupies 5,8>0 square
feet on the salesfloor alone. We have .three store rooms of reserve stock,
comprising 4,42> square feet In all there is 10,275 square feet devoted to
men's clothing.
If we were to show you all this stock — which we will do if you wish —
you would undoubtedly see more clothes than you ever viewed before. •
We carry this immense stock because our constantly increasing business
demands it.
Our business is increasing because the public of San Francisco is find-
ing out that they save money in buying direct from the makers. They are
treated courteously and are satisfied. They come and come again and new
customers are coming all the time-
Once trade here and you will see why thousands of men come here for
Ready-to-wear suits and overcoats in every style, weave and pattern
from $8.50 to $35.00.
Ready ~to- Wear Suits $8- 50
Summer sack suits, medium and light weight, bright, summer patterns; coats made with concave shoul-
ders, elongated lapels, close fitting neck and narrow collar; hand tailored garments; the same quality sells
in other stores for $12.50; our price is $8.50. i
Light covert tan coats in swell shades of tan, cut with the latest style shoulders, lapel and collar; $12.50
is the real value, based upon what you would pay elsewhere; our price is $8.50.
Each garment bears our guarantee. Repairing free of charge. Money back to any customer who wants it.
740 Market Street.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Everywhere one hears that expression
*burry up!" It is a genuine Americanism
I v expressive of the
v v •rush" in which we
x. live. Nothing is swift
— fe|fe^ N enough for us. We
fj^^^s. l race against etc am
and lightning and find
Vgol jXSjQ&f | them slow. Wa
\v &J§PS» (I #v grudge the time gfvea
1 Y^" "yf 'I I lo ea^ n ?i * n< l ruih
*K>v_' b"Y I through rrtals »a
JfSSssT fT| I though life depended
fT'pfh&'vci '^'- I upon our haste.
A^^^tVy i I Life decs depend on
'^$£8&§ 'i^n our hastc > but not in
h^&wrBrYl that sense - l- ook flt
&%£$m r 'Fl tlie obilu ary columns
s a ' ' fee low luall 5 pronii-
j tient men arc carried
f.^SO^ |CL, away by -"stomach
gWJ^Sm'-'Zr trouble," "acute indi-
r \y>:S§k. I — irestion " and other rc-
Xi$TO '? ted di " asc3 - Tllci '
lives have in qrucnl
VStfoT been sacrificed to the
f¥MJ\ haste and rush of
&&hj( I business which ovcr-
tp?l\ L looked the fact that
\s y flf8jr~s'\ * r °°^ can on "y nocr > sa
\ MM '«^ the body when djgest-
I ®fc»«^ /^ "^ e d a n d assimilated
. j and that the digeative
and assimilative processes can't be hurried.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discoveiy,
cures diseases of the stomach and the asso-
ciated organs of digestion and nutrition.
The source of all physical strength is food,
properly digested and perfectly assimilated.
By enabling the perfect digestion and assim-
1 ilation of food "Golden Medical Discovery"
increases and enriches the blood supply
and sends new strength to ev. ry organ of
the body.
«I was at one time as I thcaght almost tX
death's door," writes Mr. J. S. v^ll, of Leands,
Van Buren Co., Iowa. "I was confined to tay
house and part of the 'time to tay bed. I had
taken quantities of medicines but they only
seemed to feed the disease ; but I must say that
"Golden Medical Discovery* has cured me, nnd
to-day I am stouter than I have been. for twenty
years. I am now forty-three years old."
Fuee. Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser cent
free to you on receipt of stamps to pvp
expense of mailing only. Ser»* thirty-one
one-cent stamps for cloth bo nd book or
twenty-one stamps for paper covers to Dr.
R. V. Pierce. Buffalo. N. Y.
Schilling's Best' mean
tea balcing-powder tplcet
eoffe« flavoring extracts soda
of good-enough quality at fai
prices.
Atyou rg Toter't;«oaeyb*fc.
II . ¦ . .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
many people ft fi T fi D 0 LJ fTc~ P T n RJ! A P U AND D0NT
have Unlnilnn Ul dlUlflHun know it.
A Beautiful Ohio Belle Cured of Catarrh by
the Use of Pe-ru-na.
JHss Althea Glynton, 1521 Chapel St.* «
\fhj£ 'i^Hii k ' of alcoholic stimulants and many other vised me to try Perur.a. as It had nada
U|\< . \i\ indiscretions. her well and strong. I began to talcs It.
M <J*vZ**l b ¦ 'il^iW JIlas It] a Freyberg 520 North Uh St. an^ l ? a te " days began to feel stronger.
WiH >* *^ r^a*aat333S'K%im#J^lw» Shebove-nn Wfs writ^^- and 'r°m the first dose I slept at night
ft\\l: : *#^^^^^^ > 'P^^^l\ aneo °ysan. v\is., writes. without awakening. I took only two
mW ;i:^^^wv^lPfeVt^«mml "It is with great pleasure that recom- bottles: now I am well, but 1 am never
l\\sH\i<i5^w<^^j^<W'JHa*vV«U'4l . n ., i ,*¦ * , -iL without Perur.a in the house." — Mrs. Jea-
\\\\«\MM^|^-^^ffl|^^RU«^ mend Peruna to al/ wn0 are afflicted with B i e colton.
«\«\\\w^^^^^^^^HV^^ catarrf> - I was much troubled with that Peruna cures all such cases of dyspep-
IftllWW^^BSHi disease and had tried many doctors' pro- sta. Blmply because It cares catarrh
¦\\V»wH\»W^^S4^J«SKU\\»*lw1f - • . . . . wherever located. The reason so many
SS *\U\»W\^M^^^WA\n"^'i\\\? scriptions and many proprietary medicines, cases of dyspepsia suffer on and on with-
Iwi^^^wll had about g.Wen up in dispair of ever r/^at'^esT^ndftl^
tiwE^^w^" W^^^B4W\r'\ being cured of my trouble, when a friend are not recognized s.s catarrh of. tho
mi& i^ "' '*difeW'$ ! %riw persuaded me to try a bottle of Peruna. s omac '
\ss*¥ ¦* tI \.s 2i?*£a i j--«. l ui j i t* l t-^ j Any on* suftering fr^-ni dyspepsia,
ft\|| i ; $Sml^$%Wi S ° m relieved hav i n g tried the ordinary remedies with^
KM&* t Pj!& #%M& tfiat I 9°t another, which benefited me out relief, would be safe to assume that
I <|yt JgSS*. «¦< >iS^^»:#/ I , , ... , .. , , their case is one of catarrh of the stora-
v^^ —*L.s> much, ana a third entirely cured me. I ach. and should at once begin a courso
?P^ im **>+&»JJ»* mi *V*^#J can a , wayssa y a good nord for p erU na."— of Peruna. Pferuna Is sure to cure thesa
r MS5 IDA FREYBERG. I. Miss Ida Freyberg. CMea " " nevcr fail3 '
„.. , .. We have on file many thousand testl-
> W lll | -J*iiiii" Ktu " JP "»TiT— nf i Mrs - J '"- ssil - Colton. 439 East 19th St, menials like the ones given above. We
New York City, writes: can only give our readers a slight
"Through overwork and anxiety In my glimpse of the vast array of unsolicited
Catarrh of the stomach may have been business I was very much run down, endorsements we are receiving every
set up by an extension of the catarrh Had loss of appetite, and. what was month. No other physician In the world
from, the throat or head. It may be in- worse than that, loss of sleep at night has received such a volume of enthusl-
duced by late suppers, indigestible diet, I was afraid I would have to consult a astlc and grateful letters of thanks as
rapid eating, drinking Ice water, the use physician, when one of my customers ad- Dr. Hartman for Peruna.
ADVEBTISEMENTS*
I SB 1 " "' ' ' ' "_JiS^**H^-S^W'W " VVe hav > 8 °'<1 more outin* sho«a this season \\
? S/'f/;''v-.-' ft XcZ-~ir>& \»M%*''Y/^ r i'4 than a " cther shoe stores combined, becaus* W
H fffiift!i : ;!i;''!j/::!!i'lii!k \SKK*'v'4 we have hail th* fine, swell stnvlt, comprtsln? M
M iHwiiW'*-®* £*vk. \@&$whWm. evei- y sort of outing footwear that could pos- fu
B W YiMW'raipH ?ib '>" °* d^'ired — from the dainty canvas san- f I
H F^fM^J&SxliBM *JfJ i^S/fflB weight mountain boot for tha ir.adam — frora ,1
R fe/''S^?^*#55l ' 1 m|« \5J^'t.Q K° lf and tennis shoe to the rUins and rubber J
M '¦¦''^¦fr^'^^i^j] >'5&^'TB boot. The exceller.ee of c-r outing shoes and ii
M 'j'SiikSsS^s^^Si Tw Vv» \«I<fi the reasonableness of our prices have been . i
M g'l1'i!Sl!Sjl?liSSy/ •w~y/? >v"* v^3 frequently mentioned by our numerous cus- J
EL BffiBHfHaEBiy T^ffl* jfi" >*?¦•» tomera to their friends an.J the good words jl
W ftSS'iffln ¦w >V >^«S'-fl have been i>as?M <Jr:wn the Un- until Kauf- '.]
' D RftFviSiSlif >f*SS^3 mann's Is now well known as the ouiir.s sho* 1
H Sw^'5S/ *Vyy/&' i^^M store of reliability, wheiv only ths best of 4
S wS^^SS&^ ,jliifw&wl!li®S Ladles* White Canvas Oxfords — turned sole— j
¦ HfflwBt^-^ ,'J\i i'M A fl °er grade, like Illustration $1.30 fj
Rj fS*rfM^ r j-# jp^/f£i;u l ''/rV' '^Vfl Ladles' Gray Canvas Oxford«. military h-el-^ 11
B lf^""\^W^"^f:l^M^M'^f>^^ Lad'leV'Tan Lln»n Oxfords— either high Cuban M
B 'la^aam^&B^F^^trWvPi'^^Ws^ cr medium hlsjh French he-Is !pl^>O M
BfeiSS, J i' 1 I V i i WMotES Ladles' fine colored Linen Oxfords— plain- toe— U
t& I llfcilW* Hf' tiniy<naiaaattMMiy very r-leti French h»el 9-.2.» q
H Ladles' White Linen Oxford3. with very h!*h H
B . i..,.....-....!. ii.. ii_iu lhqjiiil- French heels f2.25-$2.5O tl
H !"P' | iteMi PPfflSS Lcdles' Gray or Dark Canvas Lacs Shr*3-_.. M
D jiilife 1 Hllli'l'i v^j*~V ji''i™ ! ( Ladle's'* White or Tan Canvas Lac» Shoes.. j[j
H i wll^lii^mw'lr I EM 1 f Ladles" White or "fan Canvas Lrc» f-"hoe«. H
B fBlSlnl iffi^ll Iffi 3' • Ladles' high-cut Canvas Coots. 10 inches' hUh. ii
El |;|pi!iS|^^a^iN : .//> it iSMrtdE Ladles'* 'high-cut Out'lns Boots— pray or tan fl
H ¦Jffl™pQr^5 i ilf washable buckskin ... . .S.t-Irt \4
fcl TOewSSr/-^l t'' P> l Tfira Ladles' Gray or Tan Mountain Boots — 1G inch-* tj
H TM^W/ '' iJ [Ml i! 1 ' i'' H'lil Ladles* * Brown kYd Vamp Canvas Top F<v>ts. | J
fcj ffOEJ L^ J" 1 1 Ml IS ''• Ladles' Canvas" Legslns — first-class qua!!ty..1Oc ly
H flow nf a lA Jt mi',;'Jj| 1| gfjjj I Children's and Misses* Gray Canvas Oxfords cr M
H SiiiBflk 1 IS i Children's and Misses' "Whits Casvas Oxfords i j
a sues iih to 2"'!'**.!I!"*"!I!*5il4o y
13 .. . ._ „ i , i^^gjggggp^^gn Children's «nd Misses' White Canvas Button 5|
P3 _"-" ", --} Shoes— fins Quality, extended soles, «s lllus- B
H B|g| " r- --""- ~.yJl Jp?y Children's and Misses' Tan Leather Barefoot
B p" fSjfS? /jKJH Sandals (Just received again), also In whlt« ;
rt Children's. Mlasea' and Boys' Canvas I^x- '¦
B I *J~~~^~S^9 Boys' and Youths" Canvas Shoes, reinforced at F
M ~ jF" '' ' ' ' . ; ' •* ,-ipl?J Men's Canvas Oxfords or Lace Shoe* — In rray I I
fl E^ggy t^^' '•\yggpfe ; te^%^S^a Men's Tan Mountain Doots. V) Inch-? hi?h... r|
64 _±>i^J^'_ I^^^ :^^SMW^^^^9 Men's Tan liounUbi Boots. 16 inches hlarh.. fl
H-- Men's" Gray 'washable BucksWa Tachtlr.a Or- | ; j
O {JQgJSSSQSSS^BUSB'auJfii^ Men's Bowllci; and Gymnasium Shoes.. Jji"*it> LJ
13 B^^ •833' MAJvJvBTiST.SlR ;|
I ' GOOD >SMOJE^ ;.. |LIAOYANG. Friday, June 17. — Lieu
tenant Walter S. Schuyler, U. S. A.,
and Captain William V. Judson of the
United States Engineer Corps were
present with the other military at
taches at the battle of Vafansrow.
Red Cross trains filled with wound
ed from the south are passing through
Liaoyang. The proportion of wound
ed officers testifies to their gallantry.
Almost all of the officers of one reg-
Russian Commander In Chief Is As
suming the Offensive.'
KUROPATIN WILL STRIKE.
and without reserves. It is believed
Kurokl really contemplated combined
operations to cut off and pocket Stakel
berg, but that he delayed too long. It
is understood .that Kuropatkin sent a
strong Russian force south of the Liao
yang to meet Kuroki's move. It is pos
sible that a general engagement may
be. precipitated in. the neighborhood of
Haicheng.
Russians Accuse Their Foe of Hor
¦ : ¦ , , rible Bnrbarity. ' .
MUTILATION" OF WOUNDED.
.. ST. PETERSBURG, June 18.— Colonel
Merchausky, commander of the Fourth
Infantry Regiment, was taken prisoner
by the, Japanese at Vafangow.
The charge that the Japanese mu
tilated Russian wounded found in the
bushes about the battlefield of Va
fangow is repeated by Russian corre
spondents. Nemirovich Danchenko,
probably the best known of the Rus
sian .war. correspondents, says a hos
pital assistant in charge ,,¦ of three
•wounded soldiers, having been driven
off on the approach of some 'Japanese
cavalry, saw the' latter mutilate the
wounded men, Inflicting stabs - and
slashes. One body showed twenty
eight wounds on the head, the face was
cut open, the eyes were gouged out,
the breasts were pierced and the knees
were crushed by rifle butts. The skull
of one man was crushed.
Danchenko declares that this hor
rible practice was indulged in by the
Bashi Fazouks in the Turkish war. -»
Danchenko asserts that General Slm
onoff, commander of the Siberian
division of Cossack cavalry, drew up
a statement in regard to the Japanese
mutilations, which was signed by the
British, French and Spanish military
attaches.
NAGASAKI. June 18.— Thirty more
Furvivors from the transport Hitachi
have arrived at Bakata (seventy miles
from here); and it is probable that more
survivors have reached the adjacent
islands. The authorities are reticent
about the extent of the losses.
TOKIO, June 18.— The Vladivostok
squadron has disappeared off the
vest coast of Aomoii prefecture. The
Russians recently searched two mer
chantmen and to one of them trans
ferred the Englishmen. taken from the
Japanese transport Sado. They then
permitted the vessels to depart.
TOKIO, June 18.— Five hundred and
nine survivors cf the Japanese trans
ports Rado and Hitachi, which .were
destroyed by Russian warships,, have
arrived at southern ports. The Rus
sians permitted 610 non-combatants to
leave the Sado, but their whereabouts
is unknown. ;
The Japanese officers and soldiers
who were detained on board the Sado
had prepared to commit suicide, but
changed their minds when the Russian. 1 ?
euddonly departed. • . '
Apparently no chance v.-as given the
non-cordbatants' on board the Hitachi
to leave, and- the .Russians raked the
crowded decks of the crippled trans
port with shrapnel. /;
Arrival of Men Who Escaped Death
on 111 Fated Transports.
SURVIVORS REACH PORT.
RELIEF POU PORT ARTHUR.
Crnisfr Raid, a ml Stakelberg's Move
Delay. Japanese Operations. '¦-'
ST. PETERSBURG, , June IS.— The
simultaneous raid of the Vladivostok
squadron and General Stakelberg's
march southward were, the direct out
come of a plan agreed upon 'by Viceroy
Alexieff and General Kuropatkin, at
Mukden" Immediately after the battle'of
Kinchou to relieve the tension at Port
Arthur. The authorities apparently are
satisfied with the results of Stakel
lierg's mlusion, he having compelled the
dispatch north of detachments of the
third Japanese army, commanded by
General Nodzu, delaying the siege to
that extent, while at sea the raid of the
Russian squadron has rendered the fur
ther transport of troops from the Japa
nese mainland impossible.' . r ' , '
The War Office has received 'im
portant news regarding ipeneraV Kurokl
and the reason why he is at Siuyen
with three divisions of about 30,000 men
The Governor of Nagasaki has offi
cially thanked the British Consul here
for the services rendered by the Brit
ish steamship Dunbary in rescuing .sur
vivors of the Hitachi. ,
ST. FETER.SBUHG, June 18. — The
Ministry of Marine has received the
foUoviss dirpatch from Admiral Alex-
Itff, dated June 16:
"According to reports received up to
«'une 14 from Rear Admiral Withoeft
<m command of the naval forces at
-c-ort Arthur) the work of repairing
ihe Ehijis of the squadron has been
i-rought to a most successful conclu
¦:on. alike regarding the battleships
.under the .ccujiiiiand vt P.ear Admiral
Ouktomsky, the cruisers commanded
Ijjr Captain Reitzenstein and the tor
i>t-do-botits. thanks to the unremitting
jabors and energy and the absolute
devotion of all concerned. The health
of the first squadron is most satisfac
tory."
The authorities are decidedly elated
over the simultaneous receipt of dis
ttatcnes fropi Rear Admiral 'Withoeft,
vho conxnr.is the Russian fleet at
Pert Arthur, rr.d from Vladivostok.
ir.-IIctaing that the f.eets at both places
arc- la fijfhtlns trim. They Recline to
<ii'.;iiyse the means of transmission of
Aurnlral "Withoeffs dispatch, but the
faci lhat the mcpsoge brought the ad
miral's report *jp to June 14 indicates
Chpt. it !i;irdly came by a runner
through the Japanese lines. The con
diiicm of tiM» squadron makes it ap-
I>arer.l that the vessel* are ready to go
to sm. and if they meet the Japanese
fl'-'et.thc rerult probably will be a bat
tis of ironclads that will take a place'
in hlrtory overshadowing the meeting
of the Chinese and the Japanese fleets
on the Yalu.
;-• A 'reference in the Port Arthur dis
patch to Ilenr Admiral Prince Ouk
tcmsky incidentally disposes of the re
iivrt, previously denied, that the
Prince h.id been deposed and executed
for disloyalty.
The Vladivostok message shows that
the commandant there Is looking* for
v.-ard to serious operations, probably
in the way of reprisals for the destruc-
tion wrought by the Russian cruiser
squadron. There is no indication,
however, so far as can be learned, that
the Japanese squadron has appeared
in the neighborhood.
The St Petersburg officials have re
ceived a report of an official nature
bearing on the report of the muti
lated wounded at Vafangow and they
are not disposed to discuss the mat
ter until it ehall have been formally
celled to their attention.
Will Leave the Harbor and Give Battle to the Warships
Under Command of Admiral Togo.
RUSSIA'S PORT ARTHUR FLEET IS AGAIN READY FOR SERVICE AT SEA
Iment were killed or wounded.
. Military activity on a grand scale is
apparent at Mukden. A high author
ity confirms the announcement that
General Kuropatkin is assuming the
offensive. '. - • ¦_
of Vafangow. including fifty-five of
ficers, have reached Liaoyang. The
total Russian losses were about 2000.
General Stakelberg's force is march
ing northward, the railroad being un
able to transport more than a few
thousand men. . .
Special dispatches say the Russians
at Vafangow had forty-two battalions,
against forty-four Japanese battalions.
The Japanese had great superiority In
trtillery, having more than 200 guns.
GREAT BATTLE EXPECTED.
General Knropatkin Is . Assembling
His Forces at Haichens.
GENERAL KUROKI'S" HEAD
QUARTERS IN THE FIELD (via
Fusan), June 18.; — General Kuropat
kln is assembling forces' at. Halcheng.
A great battle is expected within a
month.
The Russians in their attempt to re
lieve Port Arthur were again permit
ted to select their own. battle ground,
again greatly misjudged the Japanese
numbers and the disposition of their
forces and again were outgeneraled.
JAPAN'S DISADVANTAGE.
Not in a Position to Prove Charges
Preferred Against Russians.
TOKIO, June 18. — The Japanese
Government may decide not to make
any formal protest through Franca
against the alleged* violation of the
Japanese nag at the battle of Tellssu,
on the ground of uselessness. Herein
lies one disadvantage of the Japanese
plan to restrict military observers and
press correspondents. No matter how
flagrant the violations they may charge
of the law of nations, they are unable
to substantiate them without the tes
timony of neutral witnesses.
HEAVY RUSSIAN LOSSES.
Two Thousand Men Sacrificed in the
Vafangow Battle.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 18.
About 1100 men wounded at the battle
The United States" pays Brazil $42.
000,000 a year for coffee and $15,000,000
for crude- rubbeer. Java, with a cli
mate and Soil similar id these islands,
produces the "highest grade coffee in
the world. ,-. . . .. , .
ST. PETERSBURG," : June 4.— The
Czar has adopted 9-year-old* Peter Pop
off, who .will .be .brought.. up at the
military academy with the sons of
imperial- Grand Dukes and may rise
high in the world. - Peter is the boy
who. vvhen . Admiral .Skrydloff .passed
through Sevastopol, met him on the
steps of the cathedral of St. Vladimir,
and, , at the conclusion of a little
speech, presented him a miracle Tvork
ing picture, of Our Lady7of ; Kasan.
Czar Adopts , Cossack Boy.
NEW YORK. June 18.— Santos Du
mont, who has arrived from France on
his way to St. Louis .to -compete for
the $100,000 prize which has been of
fered by the exposition authorities, ex
pressed strong hopes for the success of
the contest.. The date of his attempt
to navigate the ' air depends, he says,
upon . how. quickly the express com
panies can send along his air ship.'
Seven days will be required to put the
machine together after its arrival in
St. Louis.
Inventor Expresses Joy Over Fact
That Four Others Will Enter
Contest With Him. . v
DUMONT EN ROUTE TO FAIR
TO STRIVE FOR BIG PRIZE
WASHINGTON, June 18.— The com
mission charged with. the. preparation
of a currency system for Panama j to
day reached an agreement which
establishes a coin equivalent in fine
ness and weight to the dollar of the
United States as the standard," and
which also makes the United States
dollar legal tender In Panama. Under
the terms of the agreement the P-"i
ame. Government will recoin or cpnvert
the Colombian'silver into coins of the
size'of a' silver dollar. The amount of
this silver in Panama is now estimated
Commission Charged With Prepara
tion of Currency System Comes >
_-, to an Agreement. ; / £
UNITED STATES DOLLAR
LEGAL TENDER IN PANAMA
NEW YORK, June 18— Charged with
bribing a secret service agent and con
fessing the charge to. be true, Cpsmo
Banalli, a deputy in the office of
George W. Morgan, Superintendent of
Elections, has been lodged in jail. Raii
alll told the secret service agents he
had several clients willing, to pay $100
for their positions and immunity from
prosecutidn for procuring false natur
alisation papers. In the presence • of
witnesses he is said to have paid the
detective J200 for two of these clients,
the cases against, whom were to be
dropped.
Deputy Election Officer Admits Hav
injg Tried to Buy a Secret
Service Afjent.
CONFESSION FOLLOWS
ARREST OF A BRIBER
Woman, Deserted by Husband, Tries
to Shoot Him When He Appears
in -Court.
OMAHA, Jure 18.— Mre. Edward. M.
Cuthbertson made a sensational at
tempt to kill her husband in the Crim
inal Court room here to-day when he
came before the court for sentence for
wife desertion. The woman, in a state
of intense excitement, pulled a pistol
from under ! her- cape 'and placed it
against the head of her husband. In
stead of pulling the trigger, however,
she pressed her finger against the
guard" and ; this alone saved the man's
life. - f: V£
There was a fierce struggle between
husband and wife before the weapon
was wrested from the infuriated wom
an's hands.
"You have ruined my life," was her
parting shot as he was-led away.
MAKES ATTEMPT TO KIMi
MAN WHO ABANDONED HER
CHICAGO, June 18.— Albert Hoffa of
Berlin, known with Dr. Adolf Lorenz
as among the foremost "bloodless" sur
geons in Europe, is in Chicago. to give
a series of clinics and to make obser
vations for a report to the German
Government. Dr. Hoffa is professor of
orthopedic surgery in the University of
Berlin. Accompanying him are Dr.
Hans Spitzv and F. Bangs.
Tall, broad shouldered and muscular,
Dr. Hoffa has even greater strength in
his hands than has Dr. Lorenz. He
is said to flitter from Dr. Lorenz only
in- one particular — while the latter
never used a knife, Dr. Hoffa resorts
to it after repeated "bloodless" opera
tions have failed.
LIKE DR. LOREXZ, 1IOFFA
- DOES XOT USE KNIFE
Famous Gcmmn "Bloodless" Surgeon
In Chicago to Give Clinics and
Make Observations.
THE SANi. FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19/ 1904.
24
I Continuation of the I
I Closing Out Sale 9
SFECIALiSlOIAT
I TAILORED SUITS §
§ SEPARATE SKIRTS S
I SHIRT WAISTS " |
9 and UMDERSKIRTS §
I DRESS GOODS, SILKS I
J HOSIERY and
1 ' -\ ' ' UMDERWEAR
i As I surrender my store to Olson Bros, on July it the goods [I
H must and will be sold, if low prices will do it. \ 1
9 G. OLJRTIN I
I Q11-Q13 Market St.
'J£ij ¦-'^ • ¦ ¦ " ¦ . ; " : .~., -- .;_.... ¦ " . ADVEBTISEMENTS. ' • : 0 •' ' ' : ' ¦ - • '->
k I jffi~^ W^ Jjf^P !//// f' W - WJ - W<IW "W' M " t '^*Wu» re ir..r,-..r> IIBMIII IIWhlWWfllMmilW Illl IIIIMIIM I ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ IIIIIIW I II II ¦ III II HH.WgWCMUlWIT.IJ^mWiaW Mill II II III ¦ _ %&^tt^*X^XX&^^&^^ |
I'^^^^B^^^ I during the next few weeks we expect to place on special sale 5,000 individual pieces of k^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ \
l^^s^S—^^^J Furniture, ..all cut to- the. lowest possible prices. ¦ To-morrow we begin. MIHLIsO^S^^UB hUJ
This is not dissolution, this is growth. Within the next two months the roof comes off and we build still higher into '^m^^^^^^l^mmmmS^ p
the air. We want the old stock out before the new comes in. , '^^m^^lM^T^^W^r^^i I 1
Here is a firm thit has not-sprung up like a mushroom, but has grown with the city's growth. Twenty years ago we began with one employe on the I jHLiSUSI. JIkI^ Jill LJlS! LJ ?-
pay roll, to-day we give employment to i93 The old Stockton street store had 300 square feet of floor space, with a storeroom forva warehouse. Our rpSnfjnj^^ |
Post street store has 1 43,000 squnre feet and there are nearly half a million square feet in our Brannan street warehouse alone. ;¦.,; ¦ ¦¦ .n 7^^^'^?^? • |
So. when you arc thinking of buying at this clearance sale, think of this: That no firm could stay In the same p!ace for twenty years and grow as this firm has 3w^S^^^^mQwE I
£1 own ii it did not do business honestly and tell the truth all the time. . = PIE iPS : B^1 ' = 1
3 i| >5> *"£r^ i5^^ BBM Jr Ba *lFir ff * 3P %r e!U^ T^-;.'":^-^!^ smoothly polished, serpentine these chairs and $15.00 Golden lacqered *?. ".*"". '$1*4 "75 e . "ft\V.R I I fj 1&$B \
i' M L L- liiliM vvillsa^f^^e^irdtoon^fo^Xs^^ l^^^WW I 1
?* Wr~ J Mgf&XZBGSBiiAh If yOU are not ready tO furnish we will hold the r,S|!r»]ffi*irifi^^w^ genuine Spanish roan skin - S^^^^^ 11 J%S .. M&!
j? *~ fi^ goods at your request. Asthis is aCIearanceSale, IF^MiSig^ We- Jg # 35 GZS*>^ l^r Jjj <^^J%
*~ ' $3.50 Golden Oak Par- A C no goods can be exchanged and no telephone or- sisxo iron Bea— Elegantly ¦— — fj ~ B
$7.00 Mahogany l orTs bIe 24-inch top. c e VJ „ ders taken. .'. ¦ (' rnnmekd, difrerent col- jj 7 g s < <1fD8(M^#t^SHH?^nfeK $4-5? Rocker, Oak or ma- V V- fj
Comer Chair, wkh cheIf . bra , s f « t $=6.oo Solid Ma- "^ " h °S*™^ birch, wood or H
.-nioothly polished. " V ', „ . hogany Music Gabi- aPTin . uri : %ffl cobbler seat, with high spin- U
assorted' upholstered with glass balls; a heavy inet— Piano polish, f^W&k /fVj^^SpJ - (\ f\ ! die back; a perfect comfort $6.50 Hal! M
j We have odd Chairs from broken 3 and 5 j »^^ 9 j rasiSh $30 Round Pedestal s-foot ** ' . r f^ c |
i piece paplorsetsforas low asone=quarter -THE CREDIT HOUSE'* 233-235-23 7 POST ST. f^^ ?SS ,« • e Sbi5S I finish! *"' I
of their regular valug. Do not miss them. Biggest furniture House on the Pacific Coast." .-i7 8i *& vat ? , f /gr$17>75 $3.25
' ADVERTISEMENTS*
m Sale Ten Million Boxes a Y^arT^
I rr / nE^?^T ALL 8 «MWER BOWEL TROUBLES H
te3 Undigested food m the human body will ferment a hundred times as '>£|9
hi quickly in summer as m winter. Consequence-stomach, liver, bowels m
f, 1 poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhcea, IH
1 m ¦ fiT*^ ry " cn ? ler f« appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and |H
( I to? P la 2^«- Lmle children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper pgl
{ * tniag: is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the body 3*1
ml "ray day— not give ita chance to. sour in th« stomach and bowels, tgi
181 y oJ ? 7 1 £ Op toti £everish conditions and keep your insides cool and Wffi
fcgi healthy. Todo it, use a medicine that, is pleasant to the taste and not mi
VM harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system -cleaner to take Wk
vgA in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets H§
BJ All draffsrists. 10c. 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet Wi
n& stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or yourtnoney back. Sample and Mai
raLbookletfree. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. 635 J||Sensation in Dreyfus Case.
PARIS, June 18.— A sensational de-
make a bed. She is willing to attend
St. John Ambulance lectures, but is
bored to death if asked to go and nurse
a sick relative." Then with the death
of the head of the family comes pov
erty and the superfluous woman Is
generally proved to be ' the Incapable
woman.
"The girl," she said,* "will take great
interest in : domestic economy classes
and come home with copious notes, but
she will hardly dust a room or help to
husbands waiting for them abroad. '
The average English woman prefers,
she said, a hundred years of shabby
genteeldom In England to a cycle of
Canada. Mrs. Colquhoun drew an un
flattering picture of the middle class
girl.
' LON'DOX, June 18.— There are a mil
lion more women than men in Great
Britain, and over a quarter of a mil
lion more men than women in Canada,
New Zealand and Austral**. As the
natural destiny of the average man or
woman Is matrimony, the inference is
obvious.
At the Royal Colonial Institute to
day Mrs. Archibald R. Colquhoun
fought to discover why the superflu
ous women do not go out and find their
Mrs. Colquboun Draws an Unflatter
ing ricturc of the Middle
Class Lassies.
BRUSSELS, June 4. — Once a year the
unmarried young women in Ec&usslnes
give a feast, to which all the young
men In surrounding towns are invited.
This festival is known as "Cupid's
Coining," and generally results in a
large number of engagements.
The "Cupid Festival" this year was
held on "Wednesday. The day was
beautiful, and the young women at
tired themselves in their best raiment
and went in a body to the railway
Ftalion to weir- ~r> their guests. About
100 arrived, and the blushing youths
were escorted to the festival hall,
w here Miss Dassays delivered a lecture
on "Women's Emancipation."
Miss Dassays not only convinced the
barhelors erf the propriety of the en
tire proceedings, but also changed their
views of matrimony.
The dinner followed, the hostesses
taking their places first The guests
were expected to make their selections
by sitting beside them, a feat they per
formed with surprising alacrity. At
the table all the young women formally
proposed, but in majiy cases the young
men refrained from giving a definite
reply. However, before the dance
started formal announcement of twenty
engagements . was made. Within the
nc-zt few weeks at least thirty more*
azo expected to follow.
LAZ1NKSS RULING TRAIT
OF MANY ENGLISH GIRLS
"Cupid's Festival" Is Held, but
Swains Are Timid and Ask
for Time.
BELGIAN WGriEN OFFER
THEMSELVES IN MARRIAGE
The chairman, amid the cheers of
the majority and the loud and vigor
ous protests of the minority, proceed
ed to amputate all "pigtails" to be
found in the room. The struggles of
the victims were as unavailing as their
protests against the abandonment of
an immemorial custom.
Fully half the Chinamen of Selan
gor are following the example of the
innovators and it is believed that the
movement will spread all through the
Etraits Settlements.
A resolution was put and it was de
rided by an overwhelming majority to
discard the queue. A second vote was
in favor of carrying out the resolution
at once.
The session was a most excited one,
hut it was soon clear that the major
ity were In favor of the progressive
plan.
The chief argument which the
speakers advanced was that the queue
¦ivass a symbol of slavery, inferiority
and degradation and that it marked
th^rn as an inferior race to their fel
low British subjects and invited con
tumely and suspicion.
This action was taken at a public
meeting which was called to consider
tlie matter.
. SINGAPORE, June 18. — The Chi
r.v*c British subjects in Kwalalumpur
have decided to abandon a custom
that has been In vogue since the fif
teenth century — that of wearing
queues.
Colonial Subject* of Great Britain
Abolish a Custom That Is Cen
turies Old.
CHINESE CUT OFF QUEUES
IN STRAITS SETTLEMENTS
EL.KO. Nev.. June 18. — Two men
v.hom the .uxihorities believe to be the
notorious Gates brothers, George and
Edwin, of Alarneda, who, it is alleged,
on March 31 blew up and robbed an
express c&r and killed the messenger,
WlllUun O'NeU. at Copley, are In Jail
at this plaee. having been arrested on
th» charge of horse stealing. On the
night of June 6 they itole two horses
from a ranch twelve miles west of
ETK«>ii passed through Elko and stole
•addles asd bridles from a ranch four
rzL)** east of Elko. They were arrested
eighteen tt»«»» south of Toano by W.
S. Orlvwold. who reoognlzed the horses
from the descriptions sent out from
here. The xnea were brought to Elko
yesterday by Sheriff Clark, and then It
was found that they tallied exactly
with the pictures and descriptions of
the Gates brothers, excepting that one
Is a little taller than the description;
but the gunshot wounds, features and
general znake-np tally exactly. The
men gave the names of H. T. Thomas
and Ed Armstrong. When Interviewed
this morning they made a full confes
eJen ef stealing the horses, but refused
to tell of their whereabouts previous
to the robbery. It Is said that Just be
fore their arrest they held up and rob
bed a saloon in Cherry Creek, but this
erlnje they deny. Sheriff Gates is anx
ious to have some one identify the pris
oners, for he feels certain they are the
Gates brothers.
Sheriff Is Confident That
They Are the Robbers Who
lulled Messenger O'Xeil
DENT THEIR IDENTITY
Two Horse Thieves Arrested
in Nevada Fit Descriptions
,«>f tlie Copley Bandits
PRISONERS MAY
BE GATES BOYS
"Have you read 'A Philosopher's . Fa
ble' in this paper to-day? . Look for.it."*
Faith is more than fear of the fu
ture.
LONDON, June 18.— The meeting of
the Actors' Orphanage . Fund to-day,
presided over by Edward Terry at his
own theater, disclosed. a very satisfac
tory report, of good management and
good results. After, spending close on
£1100 during. the year in. the mainten
ance and the education of orphan chil
dren of actors, there is a balance of
Legal Father of 2000 Children.
mgrer £100 on hand. -
'-. "I am connected with several charita
ble organisations," said Mr. Terry,
"and I think we can never do wrong In
helping the very young or the very old.
It is, in fact, our duty to help them,
and I am at present the legal father
of about 2000 children." '
that this. sum had been. employed' by
the general staff as bribes ,' to suborn
certain .witnesses who gave evidence
at. the Dreyfus t^lali at Itennes. The af
fair, is likely to cause a sensation, and
other . arrests - in ._ connection .with the
bribery,, of. witnesses at the Dreyfus
trial by the genv\al staff are imminent.
velopment '.'. in the Dreyf ua ; case is { ex
pected to follow, the arrest of M. Dau
triche, the keeper of . the archives at
the Ministry of War, who is. now. con
fined in the, fortress of Mont Valerlen.
M. Dautriche's- arrest is a result of
a recent examination ¦ of the accounts
of the second bureau, when it was dis
covered that J25.000 . was missing and
could not be accounted for.
- It was ' afterward, found, however.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19f 4904.
25
THE EMPORIUM. ' | THE' EMPORIUM." | THE . EMPORIUM. | ' THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM, || THE EMPORIUM. .
I The Great B >r@ss Goods mnd Wash Fm!bB*i® Sales
$ . Beginning Monday morning will stand foremost among the Emporium's .
| -:'.V'- ¦ brilliant merchandising events for June.
| Any woman who needs a fine wool- dress will find the greatest economy of the year in this
J extraordinary fabric sale. Some of the choicest weaves produced for summer 19O4.are included in' the ample assortments which we offer at such un-
i usually low prices— 81.25 and $1.50 Lace Weave Etamiries for 69c, Black Voile at 29c, are among the tempting bargains. The
J Wash Goods are equally low priced. ' > '. : ......:.
S Black Voile about Hal! price— A thousand yards of the ChOJCCSt $1.25 and $1.50 Summer NOVClties Most Attractive Offering of Fine Wash Goods— Ardslcy
$ . best 50c qualitv,' a very crisp and good wearing fab- fiQr— Thp npw t3<shinnah1p nn-tn-riarp tere> Cheviot Shirtings and Waistings— A cloth distinguished
| ric that will mike serviceable, stylish dresses, mark- °3C 1 ne new tasnionaDie,. up to date ace by thg beautiful effects in the weaving; white ground.
i ed for the great special Dry Goods Sale be-OQA Etamines in such desirable good selling colors finely mercerized, sprinkled with neat stripes and
$ ginning Monday, per yard ~**** as tan, gray, heliotrope, gobelin and brown; also small figures in colors and black that give a tone and
i Aulwool Albatross at 39c Yard-And la very choice lot blUC Silicians (both navy and full 54 g^%^^^^^
J it is, in the wanted shades of light blue, gray, pink, ; j nc hes Wide, regularly selling at $1.00 the yard; nvas a small lot to him (but a big lot for any retailer)
f red, lavender and royal blue. a | SQ some p rc tty LaflSdOVVnCS in olive, helio- which we closed at a price below cost of the raw ma-
S Also a verv desirable selection of Mixed Suitings and trope, gobelin and turquoise blue, that retail terial; it is the 25c per yard quality, 3 1 inches tf^S**
| Scotch Mixtures in sucfi popular color effects as gray, regularly at S1.00 arid $1.2? ; also a line of $1.00 wide » specially priced for this sale
$ brown, tan, green and black and white — not a yard MictraK sii morV/»H'fnr fhp arpnf HrpQQ r,nndr Sale o! Challles— The nicest, neatest, prettiest of summer wear fab-
J. of which was ever sold regularly under 50c, marked 2J * u,'; nn ;l^ i 1a rics " the material used so largely for kimonas, house *>wns. tea
i for the great special Dress Goods Sale, be- OQ~» f. aI . e » Beginning monaay, at tlie One en- QQ C gownSf chi idren's dresses, etc., a quality ordinarily sold 9SC
g ginning Monday, per yard . . .•*^*^ tlCing Special price, yard ¦ ¦ • at 40c and 45c yd., for special sale beginning Monday. •^•* r
| Safe Silk Shirt Waist Suits TheMnusuai Get Ready for the Fourth
f Choice of Our Remaining Stock at '*J , # A*^ f ® # Order Tour Fireworks Early to Insure \
$ $8£m ttfO an *,*L# <»97 un £s<om^ " Prompt Shipment and Delivery.
$ §»lSil^ %pBUjm%J%J €MmBU ZpM J m&FQJ Manufacturers cannot avoid having The big store is San Francisco's retail headquarters for fireworks. We are ready
J. j 11 j- L 4 l i-ru c • short ends It is one ot- the evils o! for the Fourth with everything in the fireworks line that will be needed for home cele-
S v It is a fact beyond all dispute that The Emporium Z^uHn^ -
5 yWinT^K had Some Of the prettiest and most exclusive Styles rained by such short ends and odd lot* Our Fireworks Catalogue gives full particulars and descriptions of our * \v f aj
* VMA [/JSt*>\ in silk shirt waist dresses that were shown in San become"* saving, a benefit, and o P - many assortments, and the lowest prices for everything that you will ifA^
S 1 01 ' fliTW\ c II aresseb mat were snowninaan the^ cu$tomers of shrew p d need in fjr^vorks or flags. Cnlalogvcs Free to any out-of-town address
i $ ' 0\ JMM M A FranciSCO this year: Assortments are> now broken. Merchants who are ever on ttie'.lcn or can be h dd by city folks on application to Fireworks Department. j^ffi\\
* MwUmA In n ° ° ne line have we a11 sizes left • but in a11 of for good thin^ s to ° ffcr thdr tradc - m US t b;7«KVd?erit b .? y : hippe ? wi:h olhtrxoods - They so by cxprm or freisht tnd M3^*%
*: £Wmr\ the styles you are sure to be fitted. To tasteful The Emporium', offerings to-mor- M^ 9nt .4^a Boxes Fnr Children JS^m^Si
Jk /*! f j ' \ \ ' row and 1 utsday are just such saving £*SSOrtGU M3OJLGS r U¥^ Mjrnuurcn iBff ? Bfu^Fff^F
S r*k? J \ I dressers this will prove one of the most attractive opportunities as we have just mm- si.oo Assortment flgj|||gllal:;
v &>*-> 1 sales that we have ever planned for this department. «oned. J^" 1^ 1 a p* £°7 r ?° u - I?!"-^ 0 *'""'
J! \ • I M L ». „ «..,, ru- »T- « - , ,. «-,,«.„ .,„. . 500 Short Curtain Ends — Varying in ,< „ Humm ni rire top. 1 1 Boxes caps for toy piito!i. fgPMlSsErl^i
I I X\ The Taflcta Silk Shirt Waist Dresses That Wcrc $22.50. $23.50 and length irom i to 21/ yards, in 1 Extra Ur g = bi ue lights. . 3 j e *ded vkaneef. 3 P-ck. s P ! Ex. Dynamite fire c»ckcr, «^rf2§lii
*""' V-^5 '' 1 A $25.00— M-dc ot choice qua ities of suk. in novc.ty figured ana stripea white, ecru and Ar»blin co"on, ot 6 Large pin whseb. 3 Cascade • 1 Package electric 'torpedoes. fSNlSiPil
»' JU \\ effect— full ikirt. and fail ihirt waist front and. if " course all of them the newest p«t- h '; 0 '- ro .^'- ' j« f'^ «f- .« pi.rd fire cracker.. 'Si^Si
*' V'Vi'AY-i M TV \\ sleeves— this wesk, whie quantity lasts, each . *& B M a^JfMJf W no «,!."«f rnmim iK.t j Yellow j cket«. 1 R.-d Bengal .tick. s 5 Ame-Ican redheads. gHBl
%° y^iy'i'i|| '- >J \\ terns, being ends of curtains that j Hand-made isrpenn. 2 Green mrteor sticki. =0 Colcnd Bsnjal matches. R^^^^S
% V ?! '-I \^Sv The Foulard Shirt Waist Dresses, That Were $12.50 and $14.50— wcrc manufactured for the fall a G; a« ho PFe .i. . 1 Su P ri ze box. Punk. • Jj /|||§|||3l
* : yfifil \ \ X X V M»de of choice figured toward, in both dark and me ;ium business. Ail of them great'.y un- •, $2. OO Assortment -,-.? U^^^^S
V M'/l\' h *K \fcxN shades, are reduced to sell this week, g^iJOl) 0%ff% derpriccd at our special 6 s-Ball candles. 6 Ex. L.rge Wnrrli. 2 Gr«n Meteor Stick*.
i Uotn Wuh BrcKt5 kcduccd-Onl, . f .w now ,^ of .»= o, F '^, S-^ J? j£ \ jj" „£ '] ,|5iEL "? I
V our season's best styles, that have never been sold less than $10.75 — made of pure white : '- a * the P a T > beginning Q^Q 4 2 " " 4 C.scades. 3 Package Sp. Ex. D)-namite _ \lSj\^
\ linen, with dainty da, he, of green-on special .ale Monday and whie Qf* **£* White" Jlottingh^' Lac'e Curt.inv- 3K \$^MMt- V^ZlS^ 1 P^a^S^Crick^ m&frUUiA ~
\ quantity lasts yards long, in newest patterns, worth regu- j 4-in. Flower po«. 1 , Fir: King. 50 American Redheads. 1L T~^~ "¦ -^
* ...... larly Si.4« the pair, spe.-^fc*- 4 gS is Hand-made serpents. I Re 1 Btngal Stick. Punk.
i New JackctS-The stylish 2i- inch coverts, SHK Drop SKirt— FTne black taffetas, cut full and _ _ c5.1 bejinnL,, Monday I2L ,, !<P inwh«l.. 1 Wind MKL ; ££. -s
S cither box or fitted back., a lot of j8. 5 o wide, ready ,or i mm edi,te adjustment to any |^^|^g^^^ 6 8 -B.:i candie,. ' ff^jL^^TSL Meteor Stick.. \^£e6nokers\
V va'ues, 1USt opened, are priced j*.-* mm mm skirt; each j6. 50 and . . . >.<>" would judge thsm as worth ?i. 7S , as 6 6 .. Urge candl.-s. 1 Magic Fountain. 2 Brilliant Star Sticks. £° U h *P~ a P ickl - • * :£°
1 „ ; S6m75 &%Xm$SSB '« they are, a though cur special pricr, be- 6 g lz Large Pin Whe.il. , »/-Ib. Can Red F.re. Extra Loud-3 pac« .. /Oo
t0 ' eIUt .I?****** g-auiTn, Monday, willbe,-^- « 4-. R-kets. + Humming Fire Tops. J^g.; Ex. Dynamite Spccul Extra Dynanuten-P.ck
ft . . ... - - . , perpar., , : . ... . . .-^fP [M * mm %M 66" «V. 4 Jeweled Volcanoes. _ Crackers »_A V "» ««
I New Accordeon Pleated SklrtS -A Urge ship- India Silk WalslS— For warm weather wear; the v Laso Bed Sets - Bobbinet lace, in 3 .-oz. Triangle^l.. . 4 Ca^ades. , Package PUtoI F.re Cracker.. S'r^ 0 ' I ffc
$ ment that has just arrived from the East-the look cool; they are cool; and the wearer fee. I l^t^ tt. '
i late summer effect., in all popular colors; also cool. Dainty, lacy, faggotty and tailor-made Bonne Femm: flounce; regular value i '7.00 1 E.ectric flower. 3 No. 3 Star Minei. , Package Iron-clad Toip-dosj 3 >i-'" cl > Extra Loud Redhead. (
g M«k-d»M»_d«« V di. 4rjf ._ n effect.; 500^4.00 .nd^-.o o ' . J-.-jh-gd-jj. . jj^, : A^6,^rStytfs.
\ ties. $12.50, 56.50 and . . *Pi**m*%0 values; each $3. 50 and . . . *P^* * «^ n'.ng Monday *P%*mW 1 Fire King. 2 Chinese Cracker Stick. -~-~ — ~^—
ar 1 * 1
\ Sales Nickel Bathroom Fittings Sale Choice Japan Mattings va.ues for Thrifty Housekeepers
S Gas Globes, Glassware, Etc. M Leas Than ine CAea " arm *? Thoroughly Reliable Furniture
* " " Nothing so cool, so c.eaniv and so pretty to cover the floors with during n . - a
»; :.-", — -. A ,. «-«ie«i 1 1 •'¦ . , • -it ..j By building a mezzanine floor we have f» •???'Ml*. »
J- /rfSgF^ rt-^^^ Extraordmary SpCCial Sale- &* summer month, as matting, in good lively colors and handsome pattern,. eained an additiona , space for our furni- I^ffiWlW
** M7^^^2V\ ri M I i/ r> a j 1- i u -i A large import order of this kind of matting his b:;n marked at the lowest + Aanorfmont nf 400 cmnrc ft>e>+ ( * \\ WWAArii f a
%- \ii[^C]} iAW-\:u-^ zzZ*' Best orrade brass and heavi \' • K. i L j u u *¦ j u • • ture department or 5,4UU square reet u il"jp3?^^yM
*° \\^^V till ". vi U^w> w u>> j prices we have ever known such good matting to be sold for, and beginning store in itself) and for the first time in a -^SJSSJg^-Sf
f \^^ / ±jsLjf**=*>) nickel plated bathroom and Monday we shall offer them tor another week a: the vefy special prices year are enabled to make a full display of 3fiMtttf&$
I ijpF^llP* fittings, at less than '"^^g^^^^g^^-^^ itSS^SE'SS MSM
$ WOUld Charge VOU ; ' I Ife ; -^S^^^^l I Mm I IIS SS^"^|^1^| creaV var'iJty, qualities far above the /jillMulj
I SSSt "Hi SB^fiSS^wl !^i|&^ cgvf deaSs'X^ f^
*. ji.oo, 14-inch Towel Bars 6S0 WA jqpri j. ' *~P I /fe '¦'¦/ The Rattan R3cker — ««ured, » white bleached <fJy S' JJ
%' *i.2s, 3 c..inch Towel Bar, 76o Elf? g / V *f J -.jjt^^SW ! L' Jm\~ X 4** *t-A, A^- and shc.JactcJ. comfortab'e and well made, a^g^^^ j/A
t' 7Sc Bath Soap Di,h 56O ascF.ncv^G.ob-.-Speclal . . 15o 1 L 1 / ZL «* P J^ Z V ?3-7 5 va!ue. Monday and Tuesday $2.45^^^ '
K £1 ac Perforated Tumbler Holder . . B7o *> c Blue -nd Gold Mottled Cuspidors . 28c Hi (Q i) If C A(\ A< '?Cf^^iS|%3 ! $ *\(}^J)rAi *fA{\l\t& '-A PI ' tc R« cl <- So " lJ cak ' 3 ttft !on 5» I4"»ches wide; imtead of /1.0a, Monday and Tnesday .
h . ., o un nr l j u> aoc China Salti and Peppers— Pair . . 14-Q P3T " C^ fv 0 1 1 flf 4UU0*' ' . J^SI^K Siii.1 l\01IulT V " ' BSO
J *a. S o Show« Bath R:ng,--^ith doub.e con- DsMn^ chini Tea Cu3S anJ Sauccr9 _ fcMj TVj^J^J \^^S,W & PBftZn \>J So!id Olk Sideboard - Ma-rve, ro OW y and neatly deigned, ha. iJxjc-utth French bereled
* nectionsf^hot and eo.d weather. 5#.aO Regularly th: dor., special, set fif^ fS^S^ ,\M» B 1 S &£f W. plate mirror, top >helfani two S maU one., three drawer., and doubleJoor compartment, only
jf Sl-So Bath Spray.-W.th rubbtr tube and of 6 \ . 69c ill %,- if A. i^*df™ -930.00
£ 3-aich spray head 98O 2 cc Im : ?ation Cut G:at» Water Pitchrr ./7<? S'J )^?tT-~rrCr^-t?«^^^ So'id Oak Exttnsion Table -Golden finish, 44 Inches upire when clo«edi* wia .eat eight
». 75c Wa,h<tani Sop Dishes -For . , 49o 35c Large Mouth Imitation Cut Giasj »V 1 , •'^I'f ?.*ii%;^^^M| M mfywAMf '%% f A people when opened; only 99.75
* Red Gas Globe-]** the thing V'a^s 21O i liKi^^'^Tiraj^H 8 vinlipsli ii[%'l^ a Ch - na Cabinet- Solid Oak, poliih:d glass sides and door, 4 roomr .h:lv«; 30 bche. wide, 60
£ tor halls and hotels to thow where the fire 25c P.nt Enjravci D.-c.tnt:rs t7o ••'' V^^^^^^l ''^8tWlJ;''l' * inchej high; only $16. 5O
J. eicape. are, regularly 65c ejeh, tprcul Mon- Good Heavy Water Tumbler— Prrttiiy en- "VfS"-' '¦''. ¦ '-^^ — ==^^^5sZi^|foiiffi'i.j c t 'O^<^>^ Buffet— Quartcr-«w:d golden oa!c, highly polished, 43 inches wide, good siie French plate
V day only. •• . . 4-5o graved design, set of 6, for . . . . 26O . .' - ¦-•"-¦ j--' ~j&*^ m >Biiij P -.A y _ .mt ¦¦' i^^ mirror, three drawers, and small «ide compartments; only ......... $28mOO
I Women's Golf \ Automobile Outfits A TOWOB Demonstration W^VS m J!Sff!SSLV m I Groceries-Liquors
I Vests, Sweater^ etC. J^UZZ^t™^ The .ort of new, cpecWly interesting and profitable- to housekeeper, at Good cambric ,k,r, with de< P flounce Mon^y.««f roe.«toy
K GoU Sweaters are a necessary ad- %£££ J 8 "" thi, particular season of the year-compare ,i,e,, qualitie, and price, with the £ f irom^ in 3 >J><* "rchon ,n,er. Sa!. .f H«ns-O«r reg^ b«nd o/best Ea«-
1 junct to the wardrobe of every !J " ~ " *l \" ' Leather Coat best towel and toXing value, that youknow of. 4 ' tion clu.ter o t tuck, and mde ern hanu, for ehe two day. onl y ,
J lady who is planning a vaca- M [ a J nd T n Leather Coat. y jg fancy D2ma$k Irjjh ToweIj _ =ox40 torcheonl.ee edging; full du,t " '
5 tion trip and Stay-at-homeS need ™d Norfok jackc ts . 4anu.k toweUng with 3-*^ border, just- inche,, hemstitch^, fancy border, full bleach- ™ <fls Underneath, 5 O value Other, charge 4 ocj.r, and Modu coffee 20 O
K them jUSt as much. We are . * * * $9'°0 to $25.00 the article. for every-day wear, dijh wipe,; ed, do«n . . . $2.7O *** • • • • •' $1.18 Sported French Castile Soap, bar .. . 2iO
5' «;hnwin<y some verv Drettv ones *!«>'» Combination Leather Coats, can be ad- etc., beginning Monday, yard . . . . . Bo Full Bleached Turkish Towels— 19^x37 Better qua'ity. cambric .kirt — J2.65 Kirk's Cryttola, ideal cleanser, doa. .. 43 O
' in rS nawhS or white in ju " ed " mike eMt a " d *"" ' * 3O '°O Linen Huck Towe.'s- 19 x 28 inchev half inche,.t«qcy border .nd fringe, dor. S1.SO value, trimmed with Pt. de Pari. Rolled oats or flaked California wheat, special,
j» in rea, navy, DiaCK Or Wnite, in .» . L th T- TOUt . r . C|« jr ,H Cin bhacheJ, hemmid, 18c vilue, beginning Turkish Towels— Fu.l bleached, h:avy, 18x38 ... r , . , ,. ' C_
g allsizes;aShighaS*5 # ' „ |£i^i§C^L^fjfi ; S2 M«d. 7 «h. ......... 136 ' taehea, extra value, do*-n . .' . . if. 75 ln . 5 ""° n ' °/. tUck »' « d 9 ' 'J ' * "J • JJ*
i each and as low as ...$1m 73 par...... . /. . . . 93.7S lrl«hvL'ntn?*Unlon Huck Towel, -19x36 Turkish Towel*- i2x iS inches, fancy colored wide lace edging, ikirt cut extra Carnation, Wy or Pet cream, 3 tma, . 25c
•»_,.„,. ... , Women's Faiicv Cofeed Rubber-iined" Silk . inches, hemmed , ready f.r ue, blcachej, border, dozen . ....... . . $1.8O , wide and perfect fitting, beginninjt £**** tdect oyster.— is, tin 15c, dot.
V GoU Vests in wh.te; red navy or W XS ci^^SSSa ?Z \940.00 doten ' •••••••:•• S1.7S .Unbleached Turkish T.w«b-»z4. : inche... . Monda ' f ... .'.$2.18 **** ** *- w *- <i.75
!J green, SO Convenient tO Slip Men . § and Wornen ., Dnlteft . ...... German- Linen^Huck ToweIs- iO x 3 6 inche, a th.ck, firm towel per dozer , I $2.25 _ „ P«ttieo a rs--ia «er- McLaren*. Canadkn Cheese, * lbs. .. 3Bo
H on these chilly morn ngs or evenin;., so at- £9 5O ta CM n/1 fancy design border, hemmed, fu'l bleached, White Turkish Towds — 20x46' inches, estra KCal aweii UrCSS VeiUCoalS la » c » » ••»»€#
JI tract' ve looking and so decidedly comfortable. W crnm's Auto Cap's .$U2S to 55^00 dozen ' •' " ¦' " • S2mOO quality, fringed, fancv colored border, a : Cjal different Styics; all trimmed President Blue Flag Whiskey— full S ts. QOq
J. * The highest priced ones (3.50, m *%K* Men's iAu'o Cap. .$1,25 to $6 OO R«*' Irish Linen Huck Towel, — Hemstitch- saving of so per cent at our price, doren .. with dainty laces,, embroide-ie», White Label Stout, McMaHia'a, doa. $1,85
* other, a, low as &I.<S& fact you w \ufi 1td any articl'c vou ed ' 6 ! lnch^ border .« * ovea . "*%<?*£& m ' i m '-TC- L'r ' ,'' ' ' ? 2 '?° tucks and ruffles, the .best- value A. V. H. Gin, large bottle, ... . $1.39
I New Handkerchief Kimor^-Art.tic- |S&«^K|fg| 1,^^^^^^ "V^L^J^^t^?: you ever ,aw .: "the price, g* . . . jfp
fc ally made, perrect fitting SI.OO Department, second floor. bleached, dozen . ... . . . $t.3S ¦' . : • -'-. • • . . . . . i 93.OO y each . .... . . . . $4.95 S dd &««««. P»- • — • 75c
f A Monday's Sale SI.35 Hammock 96o I *JyF> £** "7 [ 50c Ariotypes 37c I 25c Stationery 7c
t t ?'J5 yO !. e n , mP r S b 6 Monday Only, full Colored COt- • Monday only/ 22 x 2 8 in. standard. Arto- Only S UttI f lot of Hard', aatin reive: and
fc li.oo "Perfect on" B.cyde . Gas Lamp, burns 6 himmnrW 1 W!mATjffJ~J{'/FMyfl7jf^AA£ffd c ¦ . '.'¦;; ', fabric finish wn#i^ paosr and envelopes
* hour. 5/-3S ton nammOCkS, Concealed # &^U-^##»/c/4^ ft^y^r^La, types, copies of the works of celebrated j Q tjh -^ JJJe parols an J b I e
Gu Umg,«eady spreader and pillow,, deep ——¦'—- | , M ,H, i ||l "tists. A hundred popular subj.-cts, tints, regnlarly «7c quire. Monday 7©
J S^^BaL-'BicyWoniam^gh grad^LsA^I Vai ' nCe ' CXtra b^ !dl '^ "a""*"" . amlr.CA; 5 GPANDEST STORS regularly 5 oc each, for each: . . 37o . Envelopes z S c package. Monday... . 7 O
it . m - . ... .-•¦. .
What have yon to sell or ex-
change?
62,000 dally and 85,000 Sun-
day Coll readers bare wants
reach them throush tlie SMALL
ADS. *Jean Jaures, the Socialist vice presi
dent of the French Chamber of Depu
ties, r.eyrcr pays more than ?10 for a suit
of clothes. ' ' "• ¦• '
Special Dispatch to The ' Call.
TACOMA, June 18.— Two women and
the police are looking for, Edward A.
Lavo. The bans for his marriage were
Another Woman Living in
% Kansas City Said to Have
Been Deserted by Fugitive
POLICE NOW: WANT HIM
Edward Lavo Is Exposed by
in Time to Prevent
, Him Marrying Yoidig Girl
to have been published in St. Leo's
Church to-morrow, and on Monday the
wedding was to have taken place. .Now
he is a fugitive from justice. Last
evening he was at the Northern Pacific
depot with his Intended bride looking
up information regarding their wedding
trip when along came Mrs. Mary E.
Lavo (nee Kellerman), to whom the
youngr man was married a' year ago by
Justice Garretson. Seeing her husband
talking to the girl in a very confiden
tial manner, she broke in on them. Ex
planations followed and the truth came
out,' and the . two women left together
to talk it over. It appeared that not
long after her marriage Mrs. Lavo got
hold of letters to her husband coming
from a wjfe he had left behind in Kan
sas City. They then separated. \
The more the women talked the mat
ter over the more they became con-.
vinced that Lave ought to be puuishrd.
1 hey accordingly sought Justice Grltttn
and procurer a warrant. Lavo has not
been found. He is 23 years old.
f
A man in trouble Is apt to discover
that his friends are not as friendly as
they might be. >
When a widower bejrins to tell hi 3 .<
troubles to a widow she knows he Is
going to ask her to share them.
FLIGHT SAVES
HIM FROM JAIL
ST. MARTS, Idaho, June 18.— Mrs.
Belle O'Reilly has received word that
she is one of the heirs of the Gus
teine estate in Philadelphia, valued at
$50,00«,000. J. C. O'Reilly, deceased,
Timber and Coal Holdings
in 31aryland and Pennsyl
vania Included in List
LAND TO BE DIVIDED
Idaho Woman Receives Word
That She 'Is Entitled to
Part of Gusteine Property
About 400 acres in -the center of
Philadelphia were leased by the Gov
ernment for 100 years. 'The time has
expired and the property Is now to-be
divided. Navy yards and large tim
ber and ' coal lands in , Pennsylvania
and Maryland are included in the es
tate.
husband of Mrs. O'Reilly, was a de
scendant of the Gusteine branch; of
the Baker family. Peter Baker was a
resident of Strasburg, Germany, in
1727. His sons came to America and
accumulated a fortune, speculating in
land- and surveying, receiving real es
tate of the Government in lieu > of
money.
"Have you read 'A. Philosopher's Fa
ble* In this paper, to-day? Look for it."*
The bamboo has-been known to grow
two feet in twenty-four hours.
« • , i : y
INHERITS SHARE
OF VAST ESTATE
C. W. Howell was arrested last night
on complaint of Rode McArdle, pro
prietor of a small liquor store at 540
Sixth street. The woman claims that
Howell tried to extort money from her
on pretense of being a revenue officer.
Accused of Extortion.
Ll«*n Against Tivoli.
Dyer Brcs. and the Golden West
Iron Works yesterday brought suit
against the. Tivoli Company and J. K.
Prior, owner of the ground on which
the Tivoli Opera-house stands, for the
recovery of 5334 8 72 on a mechanic's
lien. The amount is said to be, due
on an unpaid contract for labor and
structural iron furnished in remodel
in the Tivoli Opera-house. The con
tract was for $16,448 15.
¦ m *
Supreme Court Ends Dispute.
— Jacob Einstein did not convey prop
erty to his wife with intent to defraud
his creditors, as claimed by Edward
Aigeltinger. according to a decision
rendered by the Supreme Court yester
day. Einstein made the transfer too
long before he became insolvent. The
court also decided that May Griswold
was not entitled to damages because of
the fact that her . brother had her
placed In an insane asylum when she
is alkTed to have been sane.
Special Dlac*.tch to Th« Oil.
SACRAMENTO. June 18. — Represen
' tatlves of thlrty-slx counties were pres
ent at the meeting in the Assembly
chamber to-day held under the aus
pices of the California Promotion Com
mittee. Rufus P. Jennings of* San
Francisco, the executive officer of the
committee, presided and explained that
the purpose of the conference was to
enable all to become better acquainted
and to discuss plans for centralizing
promotion efforts. ' Among th© speakers
was Congressman J. C. Needham, whci
denounced the National Irrigation As- <
Bociatlon as a fraud, run In private In
terests. Congressman Theodore A. Bell
agreed with Xeedham, adding that It
was the Irrigation Congress and. not \
the Irrigation Association that was do- •
ing the real work of improvement.
The spirit manifested in the ad
dresses by the representatives from the
many counties was one of co-operation,
and the determination was expressed
that hereafter the commercial bodies
would send homeseekers to thoee coun
ties where they could be best suited,
en the principle that it is better for one
county to lose them than to have them
leave the State.
HATCHET IS BURIED.
A notable address this afternoon was
that of A. G. Balaam of Santa Barbara
County. "So far as we of the south
are concerned," he said, "the hatchet
has been buried at the Tehachapl. My
friend D. W. Coolidge of Pasadena and
I have come from the south to meet
you of the north and say to you that
the time for petty jealousies and sneers
and flings on one side or the other has
gone by. We are working now for the
entire State."
The following papers were read:
"How Can We Best Present the In
dustrial Advantages of California and
How Achieve Success in Locating Man
ufacturing Establishments?" by I. B.
McMahill, secretary San Jose Chamber
of Commerce.
••Taking Care of the Settler on Ar
rival," L. "W. Jefferson, secretary Call
fornia Central Coast Counties Associa
tion.
"The Work of Local Organizations,"
Charles W. Thomas, president of the
Chamber of Commerce of Yolo Courty.
•The Work of District Organiza
tions," W. A. Beard, secretary of the
Sacramento Valley Development Asso
ciation.
COOTIES TO ORGANIZE.
"Methods of Centralizing Promotion
Efforts," R. P. Lathrop, Holllstir, vice
president California Central Coast
Counties Association.
"How . to Co-oi>erate Practically and
Eliminate Duplication in the Work of
Advertising California." Morris Brooke,
hecretary Sacramento Chamber of Com
merce.
•'Improvement of Architecture of Cal
fornia Homes," Charles Keeler. prefi
dent Hillside Club, Berkeley.
'"The Advantage of Bringing Tourists
tb the Ht8te. and How to Do It, ' 13. ">-V.
Coolulge, secretary Pasadena Soard it
Trade-.
"Co-operation With Organizations
Representing Great Industries as a
Factor is Promotion Work." Hon. Ald
'trt. Anderson, Lieutenant Governor cf
California.
'"The Division of Large Tracts of
Land as a Factor in Promotion Work,"
Frank A. Neate, secretary Fresno
Chamber of Commerce.
A resolution by R. P. Lathrop of Hol
list?r. providing for the organizing of
county promotion committees, to b«»
under the jurisdiction of the State Fro
motion Committee, was adopted.
Resolutions were adopted pledging
the commercial bodies of the various
counties to united efforts.
• To-night a reception was given the
•delegratee by the Women's Council at
the Capitol.
Interesting Papers Read by
Representatives of the Va
rious Commercial Bodievs
COUNTIES TO ORGANIZE
California Promotion Com
mittee Holds an Important
Meeting at Sacramento
DEVELOPMENT
OF THE STATE
THE SAN *FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, . 1904.
26
i . i, . - - — ¦¦ — ¦ ¦- .¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦- —i-—— —i . ¦!- i ¦> " ' .¦¦¦¦¦¦--¦¦ - — — ¦"¦¦ ¦ '»" ¦ ¦' ¦- ¦" ' % p^ T* FSLA.GERS •
PBAGERg 1 :.'.. PRAGERS ,. I PRAGERS 1 PRAGERS ' PRAGERS J ___ ;
* For Quick Growtk Ii\ a Year and a Half We Have Grown
six times larger— most remarkable progress ever made by. a San Francisco store. Courteous treatment, honest deal-
I m^^BmMBiSiiffiM<ffi ing, the right prices, have all combined to make the phenomenal expansion of Pragers possible. These features will
I WM^WISMwIM Embroideries and Galloons 1 Augmented Assortment of Reductions on Hosiery, Un-
| Extra special Newest> Fancy Goods deryests and Lawn Aprons
J^^^^W^W *r HIS offer comes as a sur P ris *- Tt is p art I T 1 does not make any diffcrence h r ?p TV/f AT ™ LE^ va^ ucs WZZ^i^
y . ¦ y^^wSaST^^OTr I of a soecial purchase that has iust reached 1 I plete a woman's wardrobe may be, these dam- \\l specials. We have, a tremendous assort-
1 J^^^S^SmSr '* as P eclaI P urcnasethatnas J ustreacnea I ty little articles are always welcome and 1T * ment of these garments and the reason-
H /iLw^^^ki-^^Br ' ' ¦ ' ¦ "'" '¦'¦' ' " necessary. . VEILINGS. ableness of their prices will undoubtedly appeal
I .^<^^^W2^S^^r CHANTILLY GALLOONS AND INSERTIONS. i 5 c a yard-Fancy mesh veiling in many different ef- to many.
& ¦¦.¦•> 5c, Oc and 10c a yard-Black chantilly galloons and fects; plain and dotted.; Conies in black and black HOSIERY.
fc^i^^^P^ • • fanc^ edg tf b , scrt ;° ns; 4 '"^ Th v se trh rr - sa navy and a11 whlte - Worth 2S . C 12 x - crSS srsst^s^Jrji^
' are desirable for fancy Sllk waists ' shirt waiSt SmtS> ENGLISH CROATS. Stra Itron? a™he knee, heels and toes. Fast black.
*£]0&&lSmr etc - A lar K c variety, of -patterns and widths to ie- 0c each _ Made of Striped and pIain mcrcer i zed g i ng . There are four styles of rib. Sizes 5 to gli. Worth
~*^ iitSBr^ -lect from. Worth 20c, 25c and ; soc a yard. • hams. Worth 25c. aoc a pair. '
Consider Well These Bargdns Pronounced Success of Our Great* I Without* Parallel Is This Clear-
in New Dress Materials lfv* a «einn <nU «f IVAmoeti^c ance Offering of Mfflinery
HERE are som« silks and dre 5S goods thathav, just l!^Xpan5IOn JU1C PI 1/QIIieSUCS rp HERE U a great If*^^ *f "™»" i S** 1 S
been sent by Ae buyer o£ this department who || u haven , t ady heard o£ the reraarkable savin op p Ortunit i es in this, 1 Sat vou'ha've"*^ ™u"r\«rt on we wil? unSrtake
is now in the East. They show the latest idea m I gj^t sa!e , this win y b e an interesting hint. If you have heard, it will be a to J* a y< ?" ourworkr^m and^^^1^6 satisfaction
dress novelt.es and are at present the re.gn.ng fads. 1 nmind^ m and u]s f thi k "rices w e ° are
SILKS. .".;. than were offered last and on different lines of merchandise. Undoubtedly ouotinp- durine- this end-of-the-season clearance sale are
W&^^^^^^M^^ SOm = thing Ca " bt £ ° Und h " e ?hlt y ° U a " !n n " d °'- SSSS- t«p g tion thetwest "ef^d" We SS re-
Worth 65c. . ' : BLANKETS. TABLE LINEN. peat for this week our offer to trim all hats with matc-
55c a yard— Dark colored fancy silk, in a fine assortment of, $4.9O a pair— White lamb's wool blankets, og c a ya rd— Bleached table linen, a yards r i a l s bought in this store, absolutely free,
the latest colors and patterns; desirable for shirt waist suits two yards wide; slightly imperfect. Unly w j de; i r i s h manufacture. A choice as-, j ° , t-btm-vivt* WAT<S
for summer wear. Regular 6epc a yard. V _ sSdKSlariyat V S* CUSt ° mCr ' wYvfSlsl ?£V1Ua *!$ •*.»«-Bl'.ck chiffon shape turned with rosebuds, black and
48c per yard-Silk crepe de chene 24 inches wide. All the bold regularly at $^50. ways sells at 75c a yard. f'^hhe ribbons. Suitable for an elderly woman. Worth $5.00.-
popular colors. A regular 7Sc value. : •V«4 t? ? "¦? MFOK t TE «* fnrf# . r , c, a LACE CURTAINS. - f3.2O— Pretty black turban, nicely trimmed in black and white;
OSc-36-inch guaranteed black taffeta. An extra heavy, soft fin- Sm 'cioae fine s tit chinl" a pair-White lace curtains, 3 and a neat effect. Worth$6. 5 o. i
ished cloth. Elsewhere price is $1.35 per yard. An ««llent $1 " ltcning ' 3 z/ 3 yar ds long and full width. All are new 1M.48-Handsome black horsehair hat, faced in chiffon and
DRESS GOODS. ' .«„«•« J« 75 ' and pretty patterns and suitable for din- finished with a -wreath of dark red roses. Regular $8.50 value.
COLORED ioui! . t> CT Z* a u .f« « T K v «n ing-room or bedroom. .Worth $2.00 a $5.08— Three elegant Gage patterns, made up with the best
COLOKtU. • 42%c.each— Double bed sheets, 81 by 90 * of materials. Worth $10 co and $12.00.
69c a yard— Heavy Scotch cheviots, in seasonable mixtures of inches; Pragers linen finish; regular 60c v nFMTM ?6.75_A most beautiful white lace hat. made up of chiffon
blue, gray, green, and red. Very serviceable for walking valuc -,, TT ; T TM /m , . 1N ,-,„ A *r A l • .. • u . and white lace and finished with loops of white satin ribbon
suits. Regular 85c quality, MUSLIN (Monday only). He a yard— Figured denims. 34 inches and white flowers. Worth $12.00.
53c a yard— All pure wool botany serge, 44 inches wide, in tan, 5c a yard— Bleached muslin, one yard wide; reversible new patterns. Our rcg- „ BRAIDS
gray, red, brown, navy and new blue. A fine material for wide; ular I5C qUahty ' mTr « J - 7c a yard-Fancy plaids, latins, ho'rsehair and novelties of all
outing wear. Worth 69c a yard. $t.oo worth allowed to each customer. RUGS. . kind > Some / f he>pieces contain -. 6 and 8 yards , othe r S
. BLACK. . , tt TOWELS - , , , Smyrna rugs in almost every style and on j y 2 and 3 yards , which can be used as trimming. All are
Cnshion f^ Pretty Ribbo^ FYnilT^Ttplv Fn^hinTIPfl WnllCTTld SkirtS Household Necessities Shoe Specials
£ TT- 3^ * " EAUUIMI&iy 1 aMllUll^U yyCllJSHlg »3i\lllO| Lowest prices on all articles: Some novel styles in children's
Some new out ideas. a money saving offer. 1 tt . . . — . « — - — r . . $2.30^Camping stoves; reg- footwear:
12c each— Cushion tops made 21c a yard _ 4% .j nc h Louisine ._ •">••? 1 d j. C TIT ¦ .- -ular $3-5O values. . . . f 1.25— Boys' good and solid
taffeta ribbons^!! silk and . . SUltS 311(1 COatSjOTWOmCIl , 75c Bras, birdcages; worth .
of different colors. Worth printed with clusters.. oipret- _, , ¦ , ¦ O^c^Meat safes. Sold always T^aveV^sy °ppVa^
oo sc ' t >t j ty flowers. It makes a beau- j»>m jj£ prices we have marked on these garments will certainly create a con- at $1.25. . ¦ • "ance. Sizes 10 to \i*A.
33c each— Made of mercer- tirtl-neck ribbon. Worth.. I siderable stir among shoppers. We want to emphasize right here the de- 8c a foot— Garden hose; ?1.35_Sizes 1 to 2. 81.50
Turkish de\iSs°WoS k ' 35c a yard. , ¦ ¦* : pendability in style and workmanship of tl^ese. garments They are --all- -worth O^ TS . . V^SSSSS^^S^
CUSHION CORDS. 20c a yard~5-mch satin taf- absolutely new. The prices are reduced only because it is the -policy of this 83.68— Folding go-carts, with vici kid and box calf lace-
34c each— Silk cushion cords, feta, pure silk, -with nar- store to give great bargain values whenever possible. . ' . parasol top. - shoes, made on the new
with large tassels; full 3 row black stripe alternating . j ° wiiiriNr chpts 87.39— Reclining folding go- modern toe; light weight or
a'nfbeaXl cSnatS SLh'fen^blon. £? ¦ /£& 8G.75 33-gore Sica^^lS^S^brown »d bUck. A bS SS
ular50C m^JL W$^^^^^*#* Worth tfi£3^W£& W^W^M
Best Trousers Made for Men . j^^^j W^M^^u or Panama skins, in b row n and wack. R ?g . — topandrubbertirewheels -^ — ?i^ :
- Tha<$kook jpo.soi^^ore'box pleated voile or Panama skirts, in brown and BOVS* NeW SllltS QXA TrOUSeFS
OT^liiAeA Dm^AC JV-WM black - Worth $1500. . . - , „ — — —
3.T* I IlCoC 11 IvvJ A^JvOV lfJ>.?>0— 33-gorc skirts of fancy mixtures, m'brown and blue. Reg- . .
**** y * »»www • • »w^w r4^5§^ ular $1500 values. HP* HERE isn t anything in the way of outfits for boys
... ,. . ,, , • , f I 80.75— 2S-gore fine French voile skirts; worth $16.50. I that we cannot supply. We carry a varied assort-
IT is our resourcefulness in buying the right kind ot J 9e.75-17.gore Sicilian skirts, made with yoke and panel front. . * ment o f al j the swell and newest ideas in boys'
garments at the right prices that have forced this de- /' / I. They come in brown and black. A $10.00 value. clothinr : . -
partment into the -lead of other stores. We aim at SJ I IV SUITS. . tf$jjk SUITS,
ill timoc *n criv»» thi» hcit values for the monev and the ' /Jr / I \ 87.45 — There are about 140 suits in : *a» * •
all times to give the Dest values lor tne money, an a uic /^ / I \\ this lot. Made of voiles, cheviots, <£* » «1.0S~Naw blue,sailor and Eton suits; regular $3.00 values.
crowds that attend our sales give evidence of entire sat- . (# J . I -\\ fancy mixtures, etc. All are strictly r^^< ™ ' 40c to f 1.50-WasnabIe suits; fine for outings and rough wear,
isfaction. b~M>Jt* ! £& up-to-date We have been selling W ?JKffi& OOc-Khaki suits, military styles. Ages 4 to 14 years.
91.5O— Just received another shipment of the best American _ , them nglit along at o -/> *\S ML) 91.1O— Khaki suits, trimmed in red and blue, extra good qual-
corduroy made by the famous Jack Rabbit Brand, Every pair 90.05— Shirt waist suits, made of iron frame alpaca in black and v {tv Ah . % , t _ IO ' _ . : k q
. is warranted not to rip or a button will not pull off. They white Shepherd plaid checks. They are strictly all man-tailored ft «y. Ages 3 to 10 years. f
have the very strongest pockets and linings. AllVzes. Reg- effects and arc the proper garment for this season of the year. . ||l \\\1 TROUSERS.
ular $2 so values Waists are made full blouse style and the skirts have new pleated \
"' *: , ' . . . . . . „ ... . , and kilted effects. Regular $16.50 values. . j M 40c— All wool knee trousers; 3 to 16 years.
91.80-A lar K e assortment of the celebrated ReddinK cassi- 9i 4 .O5_For new tailored suits; Eton, blouse and jacket effects. B H\\ . 91-45-Corduroy trousers; good quality. All sizes.
meres, also cheviots and worsteds, in neat, stylish patterns. . .> ; . , Th ey are tl ie most up-t o-date aitd correct suits shown b y any J Ull Z_ , .\ ¦ T \ ;J ... .
All sewed with heavy hnen thread and extra weir made. Suit- house in the citv Worth uo to $u So M \f\lk. 10c— Boys' waist and blouses. Just the thing for vacation.
able for almost any occasion. .Worth. $3.50. $10.75— French voile suits, silk lined throughout. Colors in black, MM \\flTOk Special foF Monday and Tuesday.
92.85-Fancy striped worsteds, Scotch mixtures, cheviots and blue and brown Made in the new style blouse and with blouse MM V^. /
cassimeres, in a bie selection of colors. All are finely tailored back. Deep girdle and col larless, braid trimmed Skirt »* made MUi \\VUj, OVERALLS
and cut in the latest stvles. They are silk sewed throughout new style and very full, braid trimmed, and with silk drop skirt WJf/ 11^^* , uvuhalia. ££&,^
and warranted perfect fitters. Not a pair worth less than $3.50. .. to match. &tg> " 25c— Blue overalls. Ages 9 to 14 years. Special.
Kitchen Articles of Fireworks ¦l%i%; •¦.,'¦• I V& Less GreatWash Goods Specials
One Price / NowonSale ; ar d '^f^^^fT^L . Fine Corsets 1 /% ya h?"h About I5opi " t "
Three pieces of laundry wax. OUF AllIlCX ' /W%^ /£&^ Several styles of R. & t| ®L_^ff^ was^ goods; some arc
(g3? 10 yards of fancy shelf paper. • . \m Jy ; C-'-f G. corsets,' styles •» short lengths of only a
&^^ i box of gas tapers. 1145-1147 MarKct St, JgT ALWAYS RELIABLE that the manufac-/ - dress pattern. The lot
? .sheets of fly-killing paper. : Nca r Central Theater. i mQ i9^nMADTiFTST *' turers do not intend includes fancy embroidered Swisses, lawns
\m Wood coat hangers. • . JP* 12oo" 1-ioU JMAKIVJL 1 oI.jonu. to make any. more. batiste, figured etamines. fancy striped
Wire coat hangers. I , J All are one-third summer cashmere and white goods. All
Each Wood toothpicks. The Largest Store of Its All the Shopping Inducements That Have less than the regular .these goods Have been sold as high as 25c
3 dozen clothespins. Kind in the city. Made This Store Popular Are Still Here. P"ce. and 35c a yard.
Odd bits of furniture can be
bought cheaply— furnished flats
and houses, too." - 1 \ '
Bargains daily In our FURNI-
TURE FOR SAL?: COLUMNS.
i^^ ifjll 9 S l^ e °^ thc household, for without
Mg H |^^ 7 *' n0 happiness can be complete. How
Bmlff flrSi Illy I q|m 8w eet the picture of mother and babe,
¦¦in ¦¦V H MSSJr angels smile at and commend tha
an jCfik m em thoughts and aspirations of the mother
wJl fim H B™ Etai ben . din ? over the 'cradle. The ordeal through
HH 1 is H^ which the expectant mother must pass, hovr*
® *^y B^Wffl J3n ever, is so full of danger and suffering thai
. she looks* forward to the hour when she shall
feel this exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. EveVy woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable all the "parts, and &
great crisis in perfect safety . . " ™ ™ ™ ™ ™ *"
and without, pain. Sold at $x.oo per BDRfe B BBABE^
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless &T WS 1 BT HA F I® *
value to all women sent free. Address IP fifta H P hS 1 'J
OHAonao nsauLATOR oo* Atttnta. a*. I 111 B8 B m w&
P0STUH CEKEAL.
Coffee upsets the nerves
but the food drink
POST UM
nourishes and
rebuilds them
SURE
Therc"» a rea*on.
Ort tb* litU* book. "The Road to
JWfllvllle," In eacb jiackarc
Wnrid'B Fair Kxhibfl, Epac« 103. Ag-
ricultural DuiUlnic.habit ' of loafing in Chinatown, al
though he had spent four days in Oak
lend for th^t specific purpose. It
wasn't entirely love of opium that
compelled his return, for "dope" is
readily procurable across the bay, but
seems to be sincerely grieved over the
taking away of his sweetheart..
Mrs. Kruger, residing at Eighteenth
street and Lexington avenue, and Mrs.
Kern, address not given, read in The
Call all about the case of Alfred Sil
verstein, who . operated a photo-en
larging game on McAllister street, and
was complained of by several house
wives.' When th"e defendant appeared
in Judge Mogan's courtroom yesterday
morning to make restitution of cer
tain photographs to certain complain
ants he was confronted by Mrs. Kruger
and Mrs. .Kerns, who. at once enrolled
themselves among his j accusers. Mr.
Silverstein promised the Judge that he
would return the photos his agents
has obtained from the two women.
Frank Jones, tailor,'- 997 Market
street, .conceived what ' he . evidently
considered an Ingenious plan of evad
ing the anti-lottery law and had it In
operation when he was arrested. He
issued .'tickets "bearing .a number and
the' following legend: '. .
"San. Francisco Raffle Company.
Eleven round-trip tickets! to the St.
Louis Exposition will be distributed to
holders/of .'these: tickets bearing num
bers corresponding to the first eleven
prizes of the Honduras National Lot
tery Company,' drawing August ~13,
1904. Tickets, 10,: cents each. The
holder'of any of the winning numbers
can' have, the iequivalenfin cash.'*
Judge" 'Mogan informed Jones that
his enterprise was. illegal and that he
must redeem whatever "tickets he 'had
sold and destroy the remainder. Jones
promised to do so' and was' discharged.
"Dr.'\ W. J. .Sylvester, convicted of
practicing medicine without a license,
reported that he had removed all mis
leading, signboards from his office^bn
Kearny street' and: Judge Mogan fined
him $100, the minimum penalty for hia
offense. The 'money was paid on the
spot.
• - • •
James Jackson, colored, wearing a
magenta sweater with .orange facings,
got six months for stealing a bicycle.
His wife pleaded hard for leniency,
but' Judge Mogan, while pitying the
woman, had. no- mercy for the man,
who is an old and cunning offender./.
. "Kid" Nash pleaded that • he was
"rumdum," by which he meant to con
vey the information j that he was in
toxicated when he disturbed the peace
In the Rex apartment house. He will
be sentenced Monday by Judge Mogan.
Potter. - -'¦¦¦' ...
.. George McCormick, yagrrant, de
clared that he could not shake off his
there is an indefinable something in
the atmosphere of the Celestrial quar
ter of this city that he finds an Irre
sistible magnet. Judge Fritz has given
himself till Monday to think over the
psychological phenomenon.
professional crook was shattered by
A. McGavish,' foreman of. a construc
tion camp on the North Shore Rail
road; who identified; him as Jack
Quinlan, a laborer. Quinlan was"em
ployed for several months at Camp
No. 1, White Hills tunnel, arid left
there about three weeks ago, taking
with him a pistol belonging to Elec
trician A. B. Samuels, which has been
identified as the weapon with which
he intimidated Conductor Campbell.
Dr. T. .F. .Brennan, against whom
a charge of felony embezzlement was
dismissed in- the Superior Court, " will
,answer to a grand larceny charge next
Tuesday before Judge Fritz. - He is
accused of having unlawfully af>pro
priated'to his own use $37,000 belong
ing to the Rev. Father Peter Grey of
St. Patrick's Church, -and bail is fixed
at 5500. . .•
• • •
Pearl Sullivan, who eloped from
Los Angeles with Joseph- C. Wood
worth and was arrested with him- for
vagrancy, last" Thursday on Howard
street, has been sent back to her pa
rents in the southland by Captain
Martin of the detective - bureau, her
mother having positively refused to
approve the girl's marriage to Wood
worth. The charge against Wood
worth s has been dismissed and he
COMMITTEE DETER3IIXES
AMOtHVT OF FIREWORKS
At the request of Walter Gallagher
an appropriation of $175 was granted
in the literary committee. An appro
priation was made of $180 for print
ing and the other demands were laid
oxer until the next meeting on Wednes
day night.
The committee of citizens appointed
by Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz to make
arrangements fitly to commemorate
the one hundred and twenty-eighth
anniversary of the Declaration of In
dependence of the United States of
America met last night at the Califor
nia HotcL
Colonel Charles Boxton was chair
man of the meeting and George W.
Edwards was present as secretary.
At the request of M. H. Squires, one
of the committee on fireworks, an ap
jiropriation of JSOO for pyroteehnical
displays was given. There will be two
exhibitions of lireworks, one in Wash
ington Square in the North Beach dis
trict and the other at some place still
undetermined, but probably in one of
the public squares in the district south
of fttarket Ftreet.
Grants an Appropriation of $800 for
Celebration of the Anniversary of
Independence Declaration.
Lewis Perley, a stalwart full-blooded
Apache, who has been posing as a
model for various local artists, ran
*T>r." Samuel Walts. & bewhlskered
negro who practices chiropody, palm
istry, phrenology and several . other
sciences, medical and occult, at 425
Bush street, was the stellar defendant
on Police Judge Mogan's morning list.
The charge was disturbance of the
peace and the complainant was Mile.
Letizla Belzler. a pretty and* petite
French governess employed at 1118
Sacramento street. She and the dusky
scientist were engaged in a wordy
wrangle Friday afternoon at Bush and
Dupont streets when Patrolman J. T.
Lankman arrived on the scene and ar
rest«d the man when the woman had
stated that 6he was trying to collect
from him $10 which he had fraudulent
ly obtained from her.
Mile. Belzier informed the court that
on May 4 last she responded to a ring
of the door bell at her place of em- I
ployment and found Walts on the
porch. He asked her If she were*
troubled by corns or bunions and when
she replied in the negative he suddenly
seized her hand, peered at its palm a
moment and exclaimed: "Yo've got
ten dollahs In gole money." As she
did happen to have the sum mentioned
and it was in the metal designated, she
was a little frightened by her visitor's
seeming omniscience and under the im
pulse of fear she withdrew her hand
and sought to retire. "Doan tryter
git away from me, chile," said the"
mysterious stranger, "fo' its no use. I
knows all about yer an' I knows dat
yo's gwlne ter let me hev dat yah ten
dollahs ter 'vest fo' yo' and make
5300." As he spoke his foot was pressed
against the door, preventing her shut
ting him out, and finally she was per
suaded to admit him to the house and
learn all about how he could raise her
to affluence. Seated in the parlor, her
open palms In his hand, he told of the
strange power that_ enabled him to
foretell In dreams the winners of horse
races, and cited numerous instances
where his lack of capital was all that
saved the booking ring at Emeryville
from bankruptcy. Under the spell bf
his presence Bhe gave him her golden
half-eagle.
"Doan yo* worry." was his parting
speech. "Dis yah little coin am der
nucklus ob a vast forchln dat my
dreams am goin' ter airn fo' yo'."
He never repeated his visit to Mile.
Belzier and when she met him by
mere chance on Friday afternoon and
inquired about the investment he dis
claimed all knowledge of her.
"Go 'way, chile," "he said, "doan pes
ter me wlf yo' ridicerlous persump
shuns. I'se too busy ter waste time on
yo'."
The rest has been told.
Officer Lankman told the court that
he had found other ladies who claimed
to have been taken in and done for by
; Waits, among them a Mrs. Cook of
San Rafael, who had also been gulled
by the dream story, and might be in
duced to testify. So the case was con
tinued till "next Tuesday and the "doc
tor" reconslgned to custody.
SAN JOSK. June IS. — Mrs. Martha
F. Schaaf to-day beg'an suit against the
San Jose and Santa Clara Railroad
Company to recover J 10,000 damages
for personal injuries alleged to have
been received while a passenger on
one of its electric cars. She alleges
that the car suddenly started up while
she was alighting and threw her vio
lently to the ground.
Brins» Suit Asain^t Jtailroad Company
amuck in the studio of Mr. Dizon at
604 Merchant street, and was flourish
ing an ancient horsepistol in a rude
and threatening manner when Patrol
men Br'adt and Meredith, attracted by
the warwhoop that once terrorized Ari
zona, rushed in and dauntlessly over
powered him. Firewater and the blood
of a truculent tribe were pleaded in
extenuation of the defendant's out
break.
"A famous military commander once
said that the only good Indian is a
dead Indian," remarked Judge Tread
well, for the defense, "and in this case
the court can conscientiously be chari
table enough to presume that the de
fendant, when he invited death by
recklessly brandishing a deadly weap
on, was simply expressing a desire to
be made a good Indian. These children
of nature, your Honor, may have pecu
liar ideas of how their moral reform
should be effected."
' "Go," said Judge Fritz to the red
man, "and try to be a good Indian
without departing this sphere."
•There will be on public exhibition a
10 o'clock to-morrow morning in fron
of the Hall of Justice one horse de
scribed as "lame forward, knuckled be
hind and stone blind" by the policemai
who arrested Max Cantrowitz for com
pelling the animal to hauU a junl
wagon. In contravention of the officer 1 ;
diagnosis Mr. Rosenberg, owner of th<
horse, declares that it is sound in wiiw
and limb and is of unimpaired vision
Between these two statements Judgi
Mogan decided that" he could make m
choice until he had inspected the ani
mal, and ordered that it be exhibite<
to him at the time and place herein
before designated.
The preliminary examination of Ed
ward W. Gunther, collector, charge<
with offering a bribe to David J. Kelly
a juror in the murder case of Nguci
Lun In Judge Lawlor's court, was com
menced before Police Judge Fritz. Gun
ther was represented by Attorney:
Shortridge and Hoff Cook. Kelly re
peated the story he told in Judge Law
lor's court of Gunther having on Ma;
24 approached him at Sixteenth stree
and Rondell place and suggesting tha
he should "hang" the jury, offered hiii
$100, which was raised to $150, th<
money being dropped into Kelly's coa
pocket. John C. Mainier. testified t<
having seen Gunther and Kelly talk
Ing together at Sixteenth street am
Rondell place, and J. B." Martin, a clerl
in Judge Lawlor's court, produced th<
court records showing that Kelly was
a juror in the Nguen Lun case. The
case was continued till June 25.
Order of procession— First division,
unknown seaman (intoxicated and
staggering); second division, George
Miller (sober and acting in suspicious
manner); third division. Patrolman
Esola (on duty and extremely vigilant).
Half a block space between divisions at
start.
Line of march — From First street on
Mission to Steuart. to East, to Market,
countermarch to Steuart, to Mission to
East.
Parade moved sharply at 1 o'rlock a.
m. and was disbanded by Esola over
taking and arresting Miller, while the
inebriated mariner wobbled along, ap
parently oblivious to what was taking
place in his wake. Search of Miller by
Esola resulted in discovery of heavy
club in side pocket of sack coat. Miller
jailed until morning, then taken before
Judge Mogan, where he failed to satis
factorily explain his possession of
bludgeon or his reason for dogging zig
zag trail of drunken seaman. Remand
ed for investigation of character. Of
ficer complimented by Judge.
Joseph Gagan was very drunk when
he stole some silken wrappers from a
house on Bacon place, concealed them
behind the California Hotel and then
turned in a false alarm of fire. Judge
Conlan found him guilty of turning in
the alarm and consented to having the
charge . of burglary reduced to petty
larceny. Sentence to-morrow.
Guynardo Fransachi and Lizzie, his
wife, were hitting in the clinches
when Officer Van Keuren "Interrupted
their fight on Washington street, be
tween Davis and Front, on Friday af
ternoon and arrested them for dis
turbing the peace. The lady failed to
appear before Judge Mogan and her
husband requested that the case be
continued until she could appear in
a clean shirtwaist, that garment hav
ing been soiled In the combat. Signora
Fransachi will forfeit her. bail if she
fails to visit court next Tuesday
morning.
• • •
Louis Faveor is confined to the hos
pital with a badly battered head and
as soon as he is released Peter Ble
tucelli will be tried before Judge Mo
gan for having inflicted' the injuries
with a heavy cane.
The woman at the bottom of it is
Mrs. Faveor, who deserted her hus
band and went to housekeeping with
Bletucelli at 230 Sagamore street,
Ocean View. Faveor went to the dom
icile Friday evening and requested
Bletucelli to return the woman to her
lawful spouse and when Bietucelli re
fused to do so Faveor struck him
upon the head with a chair. Then his
own head was battered, as above nar
rated. Mrs. Faveor was an Inactive
witness of the combat.
When the case of Adolph Goldman,
who shot ex-Mayor Roland W. Snow
of Oakland last Monday evening, was
called before Judga IIogan*the pros
ecution asked for and was granted a
continuance .till next Thursday, by
which time Snow's wounds may be
sufficiently healed to permit of his ap
pearance to testify. No application
for bail was made on behalf of Gold
man, who looked very scared and act
ed with extreme nervousness while he
was in court. . .-l-'^k
• • •
Gert Burnell, who held up and rob
bed . Conductor John Campbell of
$16 50 on an Eddy-street car Tues
day night, was instructed and ar
raigned before Judge Megan, who set
the case for hearing next. Thursday.
The police theory ', that Burnell Is *
Tells Her That He Is Possessed of Strange Power
That Enables Him to Foretell by Dreaming the
Winners of Horse Races, and She Invests $10
COLORED SCIENTIST GETS MONEY
OF FRENCH GOVERNESS BY FRAUD
•.:¦¦•¦. ¦ ¦ . ..i . ¦ - ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JUNE 19, . 1904.
27
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BORAXOLOGY
Do you remember the bright milk pans,
the clean floors and the dazzling white
clothes "down on the farm'? And do
you remember the big barrel outside the
house to catch the rain water/ and that it
was this rain water that was so precious
for washing? We can't have a barrel out-
side our house here, but we can have a box
of Borax inside the house. And when you
put Borax in the water you turn it into
rain water—make it soft. Arid that's
why Borax doubles the cleansing power of
soap and water. It should be used xn
every cleansing process of the home— in
laundry, kitchen, toilet, bath— everywhere
you use soap and water* Be sure you get
jure Borax. Ask for
20-MULE-TEAM BRAND.
For sale at drug and grocery stores every-
where* l A t Vl and J-Ib. packages.
The famous "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES FREE to porchaaei ot
"20-MoWream Borax." At stores or sect for BOX TOP ani 4c in stamps.
Padfc Coast Borax Co* New York, Chicago, Saa Frrariaco.
* Twvst? Hole Twa-Oar Trad* Uxxk.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PHILOSOPHER'S FABLE.
That he who runs may read *
and Ponder thereupon.
And it came to pass that a
certain people having waxed
mighty in numbers and great
in riches, said, "Let us now hold
a .Great Assembly and invite
the Nations of the Earth that
they may come in and see."
And the Place' was at the
Meeting of Mighty .Waters, and
the peoples of divers lands did
bring of their own Products and
of the, -Things which they had
cunningly contrived with their
hands, and did show' them
there. And the Gathering . To-
gether, from, all the corners of
the earth was more marvelous
than -in 'all ages before in the
memory of man.
Now, in the Land-by-the-Sea,
where the. sun dieth at close of
day, dwelt a great people, and
many set their faces to go to
the Assembling of the People
at the Place where the Father
of the Waters, runs his mighty
course. But some went by
strange and .devious paths and
byways and by caravans, which
were _slow of speed, making
man^ camps, along .the • way,
and when they reached . their
journey's end they laid them
down and' beat their "breasts
and cried, "We are weary;
would that we had not come."
And straightway these foolish
ones returned, seeing but little
of the wondrous palaces at the
Gathering Together. And reach-
ing home, their brethren did
ask them of that they did see,
but they answered perversely,
"Trouble us not, for the way
was long, the sights were
naught and we are weary."
But others who were wise be-
took themselves by a pathway
and caravan which for speed
and for comfort and for exceed-
ing swiftness had no equal. And
these reached the Great Assem-
bly in joy and sojourned there
many ' days, marveling at the
strange sight? and meeting peo-
ples ,of many lands. And when
they returned they gathered to-
gether their friends . and kins-
men and gave them gifts and
told them all the things that
they had seen. And the telling
t of it lasted many days. And
the people took note that these
were wise and great men, for,
lol 'they had- journeyed over
the Union and Southern Pacific
— the straight route to St.
Louis.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WOMAN'S BREAST
ANY LUMP III WOMAN'S BREAST
IS NEARLY ALWAYS GANGER !
Any tcmir, lump, or acre «n the llp.ftci
•r anywhere six months Is nearly
always Cancer. Taey oever pain
until almost past euro!
Two Physicians Offer $1909 if They
FaH to Core Any Single Cancer
Without KNIFE OB PAIN at HALF PRICE
for 30 davs.
Not a dollar need be paid until cured.
An Island shrub or plant nakes the cores
the most wonderful discovery on earth to-day.
Best book oa cancers ever printed sent free
with testiaosiab of thousands cured whom
you can see. A
lump In the
I n W~£f%- brea ' t poi«on
\\_ —if* C "\ plaud* In th» arm-
'^J ffflU ''"nTfc^Si p!tl T -t«r» cure Is
Zit^J £iyi3*mg3t\ L°ften Impossible
/y»»yW|SfflBPjjggS.^^ and dralh certain.
W f^»y gfryy^fty In thirty years we
I • R5.iiAJ\.*l "^ » »a^ have rurf d more
¦ I V^5£?sF* 1 JvSwBf «"Hiicrr» than my
Vl other doctors living.
: ?^2By No X-Rayor other
_^9ntgB3r swindle.
m \^^^± {< ijk V^> Absolute rn»r-
¦ ' — % I Vk- *nt*«. 13O-pae«
book sent Free.
" Address •
OR. & MRS. DR. CHAMLEY & CO.
"STRICTLY RELIABLE."
Offices 23 & 25 Third SL Sao Francises
fr.VD TO KOMEOXE WITH CANCER.
If It Is a qnestion of locality
with you, consult our to let col-
umns.
APART5CENTS and ROOMS
In all parts of the city ad\er-
tised.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .'
fir wfrtW}MrfllrtVl^tTh*fl^Tiffill1tlfcftiiritft rtft%f^trri^i<fT*fftTl^ |7l\] T T It" fri*fTeitfl*n-'*T'ifi\ 1 1 tfv ¦^ni#^HMn^fcJWHt*^J^<^Y^ L Ai4^^^^Tl^
Slic^ Bi44©p TTgsps
Were the- Messieurs Paquin, Doucet, Raudnitz and Redfern to be eye-
witnesses to the ruthless andreckless manner in w+iich we are going
to handle their- early Autumn models of Street, Carriage and Traveling
Gowns. Fashions that are noted for their smartness, shape and
rrmmuinmm rtn_;^_i , ' ~~- -— — - ~" chic known only to the French
[ illl^^^w^^^^^l designers. These models,of which
we have the modest number of
B^Ii^ eighty-nine, will find eighty-nine
' customers at the price.
Some of these models are $60
/^s$$k *^ Costumes, some are $55, some
, /i5^P^ are some are $45, some are
u^^^^^^^0^^Sl cur nr estricted pick of any of
l^0^^^^jk^^^^^^\ them, and they represent the
|^^ " Highest Class Fabrics, and you
'p^^^^^^^C . know we are noted for not bring-
' n^ y° u our house on a Fool's
. J^i- 'w ; . iV-Ji IrerP'- . Frr^nd We will stafp to thp
, ; /.if «A* • i,f i\j/ejn \ &""-&s. ¦ 1 ' ull VJ •- I i v Will O LCI L V^ L \J L 1 1 1»
' • S ij IctLllCo Ul <jO.\\ 1 1 <X\ IL.I0L.U LlldL LllCy
i^^^^^^ff^lw^ • w "' be given their unrestricted
\^^y :^^^^^0^ selection of any of these High
"°^* ; " • * \ .- - . . .- ¦ v>lass Garments
For... For... For...
This is our final -sale. There willbe no garments laid aside. Sale
is strictlyforcash. : Alterations will be charged'extra for.
1ST DESIGNERS. ., ¦. •••^ji' ; HHHjHHBR^ll '^ffiffl^ abroad -Jacket. Shirt
Elaborate' Gowns, of l.;-?|^p^j||gP^^ Waist, and Skirt* same
t! j ADVEE.TISE2IENTS* >~\%?-,
H STARTLES TBS EXFE1TS -
B As a perfect fac-simtle of the
I • perfect facet cut,' produces won-
1 derful. luster and fire. Electric.
Ig WORLD'S OEEATEST J
DIAMOND : IMITATOR, * * ™
J. C. DAVIDSON, ;
(Exclusive Palace of Paciflc, Coast)
124 KBASITT ST., SAK rB^YRXSCO.
• Catalogues on request.A woman is seldom as strict with her
children as she is with her husband.
The California Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children will
move its present headquarters In the
Donohoe building to rooms 705 and
706 Grant building, Seventh and Mar
ketstreets,to-morrow. Secretary Whlt«
announces that the. pressure of in
creased business has become so great
within the last few months that larger
quarters are necessary.
Will Move Headquarters.
California City, Near Tibu
i-oii. Purchased for $80,
000 From Lynde & Hough
Forrr.*r Congressman S. D. Woods
and Attorney Bert Schlesinger have
been informed by the Government offi
cials that the bureau of equipment.
Navy Department, has purchased from
their clients, Lynde & Hough, the
property known as "California City."
near Point Tiburon, in Marin County,
California, for 580,000.
The attorneys were notified to com
plete the abstract to date, in order
that the United States Attorney might
report on th's title. The property con
tifts of 55.S5 acres. The Govern
ment wiJI make of it a modern coal
ing station- Rear Admiral McCalla,
commandant at Mare Island, has urged
that the Government acquire this prop
erty because of its splendid facilities
'¦ir a coaling station. It is an ideal
/>l>ot for that purpose. The Government
has already begun work thereon and
will prosecute it diligently. The prop
erty has been in the hands of its pres
ent owners for more than thirty years.
It has np<->n it a*large number of ware
house?, used for drying fish, chiefly
cod, brought here from northern
waters.
plans' ron great station.
The new coaling station is intended
to have a capacity of 100,000 tons. To
Etore this amount of coal and make it
accessible to the Government shipping
of all classes several hundred thousand
dollars will be spent in erecting
wharves, coal bunkers and apparatus
for handling the coal,
Tli«» coaling of battleships in the
stream has provrd unsatisfactory. At
California City all the requisites will be
at hand. Two hundred feet off shore
there is now- a depth of thirty feet of
water and the depth is satisfactory
over a uiflp area adjoining. The dredg
ing that ivill have to be performed to
permit a battleship of the make and
draft of the Oregon or her sister ships
to go to the wharves for coal will be
comparatively small in amount and
cost. West of the Bite selected the land
rises into a high bluff that makes an
efficient shelter against winds sweep
ing in from the ocean. Near the shore
there is a comparatively large area of
level land which will require only small
expenditure to put in shape to receive
the foundations of any structures that
may be needed.
CONVENIENT FOR ALL USES.
The station is almost opposite the
terminal of the Santa Fe Railway sys
tem at Point Richmond. It is distant
from Tlburon Only about one mile in an
air line and about three miles by fol
lowing the shore line around from Tib
uron.
The decision to select the site for the
station was based upon the recommen
dations of Rear Admiral Bradford, who
visited this coast last year for the pur
pose of finding out what facilities for
coaling existed in the harbor of San
Francisco, in the States north of Cali
fornia and in the insular possessions of
the United States in the Pacific.
The trial #6urt ordered Grannis to ad
vance the necessary funds/and he re
fused on the ground that the suit had
been settled. He was held to be' In con
tempt and was ordered into custody.
A petition for a writ of .pertiorarl was
presented to the Supreme Court in be
half of the defendant, but the action
of the lower tribunal Is upheld and
Grannis must pay or go to Jail.
Under the decision fathers, mothers,
sons' wives, daughters' husbands and
grandchildren and their husbands and
wives are exempt from*payment of the
tax. All brothers, sisters, cousins, un
cles, aunts and unrelated heirs must
pay the tax. •
The court also decided yesterday that
James B. Grannis was in contempt for
refusing to give his wife . the funds
necessary for the reopening of their
divorce eult. Mrs. Grapnls obtained a
final decree after the interlocutory law
was in force, fehe sought to reopen the
case altheugh she had won it pre
viously. . '. .
ing the constitutionality of the meas
ure. There is no further appeal, and
collateral heirs must henceforth sur
render a part of their legacies to the
State. The matter was brought before
the courts by George O. Campbell upon
the rendering of a decree of distribu
tion of the estate of his sister, Corne
lia Campbell.
The act wag contested on the two
grounds that the body of the measure
did not conform to the title and that
the law was class legislation. The
court admits a clerical error in the
title. of the act, but says the mistake
does not affect the constitutionality of
the provision.
The claES legislation is said to con
sist in the discrimination between di
rect and collateral heirs. It is argued
by the appellant that if a brother or
sister have to pay the tax, a son's wife
or daughter's husband should be com
pelled to do likewise. '
In answer to this argument the court
says: "A law is general and constitu
tional when it applies equally to all
pereons embraced in a class founded
upon some natural or intrinsic or con
stitutional distinction."
All doubt as to the validity of the
collateral inheritance tax law has van
ished, for the Supreme Court yesterday
reaffirmed its former decision sustain-
Supreme Court Declares in
Favor of the Collateral
Inheritance Tax Measure
IMPORTANT LAW
POINT SETTLED
UNCLE SAM HAS
TAKEN THE LAND
"What Have I Done?" evening, "A
Sure Prescription for Happiness."
Pastor, Rev. F. W. Fischer.
Rev. Henry Stark will preach at the
11 o'clock mass this morning at St.
Mary's (Paulist) Church. Rev. Henry
H. Wyman will preach in the evening.
First English Lutheran — Morning,
"The -Approachableness of Jesus";
evening, "Armageddon, or the War in
Heaven." Pastor, Rev. E. Nelander.
Third Congregational — . Morning,
"The Workmanship of God"; evening,
"How the World Looks From a San
Francisco Pulpit." Pastor, Rev. Wil
liam Rader.
Westminster Presbyterian — Morn
ing, "What Shall I think of Christ?"
evening . "What Shall I Do With
Christ?" Pastor, Rev. Hubert E.
Hays.
Rev. J. Fuendeling will deliver me
morial services at St. Markus Church,
1133 O'Farrell street, this morning at
10:30 o'clock in memory of the vie-
It was reported that her fall was
accidental, but Policeman J. R. Welsh
made an investigation and reported
that she had been thrown from the
moving car by her brother. O'Kane
was drunk and abusive and when
remonstrated with by Conductor Bot
ruff and his sister he threw her off the
car. She declined to go to a hospital
and was taken to her home. O'Kane
had a narrow escape from being
mobbed by the enraged passengers on
the car. who resented his brutal con
duct. No arrest has been made.
Miss Margaret O'Kane. a telephone
operator, living at 2734 Folsom street,
was thrown from a Folsom-street car at
Eighteenth street, shortly* after mid
night yesterday morning. Her brother
did the cowardly deed. She waa
bruised and cut by the fall and also
suffered severely from the shock. She
was on the car with her brother,
Frank O'Kane, on her way home.
3Ilss Margaret O'Kane, a Telephone
Operator, Meets With Accident at
Folsom and Eighteenth Street*.
SAYS BROTHER THREW HIS
SISTER FROM MOVING CAR
It isn't always safe to judge a wo
man's complexion by the label on the
box.
KXICKREM RESTRAINED
FROM SEIZING LUMBEtt
tims of the disaster of the General Slo
cum in New York harbor. The victims
of that disaster were members of the
St. Markus parish in New- York City.
Rev. William Rader, who Is soon to
sail for Europe, will address the mass
meeting for men at the Young Men's
Christian Association thi3 afternoon at
3 o'clock. Mr. Rader has selected for
his subject "Man."
Anxiously Awnlt Decision.
The commercial bodies of San Fran
cisco are preparing to give a grand re
ception to Congressman Victor H. Met
calf in case he shall decide to accept
the Secretaryship of the Department
of Commerce and Labor. As soon as
the statesman shall have settled this
difficult problem arrangements for the
feast will be rushed along.
Sawmill Property at Wash, Plumas
County, the Subject of Litigation
In Federal Court.
A preliminary restraining order was
Issued yesterday out of the United
States Circuit Court In the suit of th«
Farmers' and Merchants' National
Bank of Reno, Xev., against J. C.
Knickrem. doing business under the
name and style of the Mohawk Box
and Lumber Company, Mohawk Lum
ber Company and J. C. Knickrem. The
complaint recites that the plaintiff is
the assignee of the Farmers' and Mer
chants' Bank, which held a bill of
sale of defendant's lumber yards and
sawmills at Wash, In Plumas County,
as security for the unpaid balance of
a loan of $19,000, and that Knickrem
threatens to take forcible possession
of the property. July IS at 10 a, m.
was set for the hearing.
to the Public.
Services at the churches to-day will
be as follows:
Epworth Methodist Episcopal —
Morning, "The Safety of the Godly";
evening:, "The Fountain of Life's
Sacred Temple." Pastor, Rev. F. A.
Keast.
First Methodist Episcopal — Even
ing, "The Rich Man and Lazarus."
Pastor, Rev. E. F. Brown.
Trinity Methodist Episcopal — Morn
ing:, "The Lamb of God"; evening.
"The Divine Investment in Humanity."
Pastor, Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
California-street Methodist Epis
copal — Evening, "The Simple Life."
Pastor, Rev. Clarence Reed.
Emanuel Evangelical — Morning,
Topics Selected by the Pastors for To-
Day Arc of Unusual Interest
ABLE PREACHERS . TO TALK
OX INTKRESTIXG" THEMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 10, 1904.
28
. . ADVESTISEME3TTS.
Our
You will realize then why Schlitz beer is pure. I i
You" wash a cooking utensil once. We wash a bottle four \5/
times, by machinery, before we fill it.
You use city water. We bore down 1400 feet to rock for ours.
You prepare food in the air of the room.^ We cool Schlitz M
ibeer in plate-glass rooms and filter all the air that touches it J|L
Then we filter the beer by machinery—filter it through Mm
white wood pulp. Wffl
\ Yet your methods are cleanly. Ours are cleanliness carried
Shen — for fear of a touch of impurity — we sterilize every A^
bottle after it is sealed. We double the necessary cost jlT
of our brewing to give you a healthful beverage pure. ll|
> you wonder that we sell over a million barrels annually? iff
i^Vsk tor the brewery bottling.
• J B Lo * An **'e* -SHERWOOD &. SHERWOOD-San rrancisco-
1 ncoeer Thai Made Milwaukee Famous.-' §M>
/kPVjjfF-TT R Fi¥ r i? w T*'- , v " ' • - • ' ( .' -,-.,. _-,_¦,. -,_-» -i - -i
j7\ T\S ' 3 jfay JBt? jbJIL JELmL J^Lw «ffiPUi6fc km B9 h *ke3 sm P9^^ f%Pgf^^Bi& /|Br 559 «s^ fhJH if \ 7 Tf I ?f .!z~v7 '/fTJ THrv "V % fell ra»EI * E§f a «ni «H fSf Bjjf"^ EHfT* Hra^r fncfivp tHin pvpr Y)€*^OT& 1 It 3 V'ilrist V IS Si™*
t'j jr . ' r !»»*— U^ir-TTii-ii tli Win (lMirHH li I ill — T*""7^l&^TiriWTi- JJ ** 1 "TWnrf^^T '1^-?^^.^. 1'^t^^S'^Jl-liiii 'V-'-'- - '¦ "'" " " ~*~- detlgnzi reidy to walk en; per ytti JR. a SltlJJ
I who are aCays^gladTo alvfsTas to^he L^ >T BMLjLSJL^SE^PP'i i lllS^ P _\W^ » "^ I ¥M/\l/»II*»l B^K5t?* 2C/»
j rest designs to give the proper effect. ' — «*g-^jaM^wr^8aeB^g s==a!> - :l: — ' JLilIIUlW'Ulil "^^ «Jl/L
[ I sawed top. 6-foot draw. Piano pol- » s beautiful grain. Top lADIES' WRZTZ2TO CHIWA CLOSET • — — P* ** •
I ish. The height of the cabinet mak- drawer serpentined; paneled wt-btT rv«»/T»,^ — Quarter - sawed EaU. SACK COMBINATION BETTJJE — Quarter - sawed oohbivattaw
-«ar, Prl/. * 9 7 2ft " S» ! piKSS^S^ n^ny" R^T deX feSB Q 5E? ™SSZ 7o£T«A VSF^ST&f Z^ITZ^* %%*&: ROLL ™>P- DESlWolid a*
**''OV fe^..^. $16.75 Three l a r o dl . In^he -rner^weil oak. gJgL Swing Cajt Jr.,. Co— u,^. $»6.35 n. ? «L Ca^o . golden finish. Illustration shows
1 » 1 * o°r a \ed raW with T ° P b^ rrenc^ate S$ ft& JP^cSKS ffiS ? ! . r . r .°. r ; STu&S? BE g£z ° nC ° f ° Ur immCnSC °'
H^=^^^^ ' £"- &«ti?unr.ff°SiS ee « ¦ Priee. Plan ° $ 3 P r^ Pr% $39.50 $6.75 £*£ $17.75 Ma^ro^ct^? %£*&« *!%&& furniture A Desk that W ill give
H^^^^^^^^ tgvScSvr^ PdCe 5>^O.^5 __. SSg>™ Priced!. CM 75 Ewed. y«rs of lasting satisfaction. Terms,
P B *^"SSd W „¦ J withou t question the best cast ranKe on the A^^^jJ H K f" W I It I 3 II [' 8 L I
~ 8- •v^lSv'S^*'**''^ „._. , " 81.OO down and 81. OO a w«?ok. The MA- ™ m *i** rntiirr-o. nrra.ii* i_ *- I IL I If I' I
33£b**^ J^f- 5 s , tan 4 ds without a peer among steel ranges. Built of malleable iron and Maho^nv flnf^,^ t I »L L- a -
3 vmev -RTnrtnn-u trrms- i^ M « u -n- a W u et st ?£ h [t 1b absolutely indestructible. Each of these ranpes nils a sphere fr,m. unholS «- I
EED200U SUIT— Golden finish. TVood TT 7^ or its own. We guarantee to dease vou no matter what vnn iJiah tn nav pame. upnoistered J£ IL
j fleeted for its beautiful grain. Massive carving. METAI. BED— Colonial bed Heavy guaraniee to piease you, no matter what you wish to pay^ . , n d valour a *
i mti' eaUtlful Fr A r , ch p!ate mlrror - Q" al - uprlrhts. Interwoven filling. An ex- . "?*' p-i^ 1 iVh 3-PIECE PAXX.OS STTXT— Mahogany finished frame. Colonial <Se-
! ;...'... : -' -'¦''?¦ Pfice $37.50 ceptlonain beautiful design. $|5.35 !. ... cfye s^ gn - B«t steel springs. Upholstered In figured ve- $19 55
Our object is to sell the best merchandise of every grade »§% iSS ma^ e e accommodation and satisfaction of the cus-
! rora finest* obtainable dov/n to the least* expensive. To sell tomer an essential part, of every sale. Above all to fix every
| dw °y s at * the lowest, prices for which honest merchandise of <|&®o transaction in the name of the house on a basis of absolute in-
any S'ven grade can be obtained. B&g 9siBUX*H>vm «* a^ m '^umiv±**=mlk * tegrity. Always remember "Your Credit, Is Good."
\\v^^l^-^A*^^>MJLAMM»^*IAM I tt, , ¦ ¦„, ,- ¦| IB ,
CxOING-l GOING* M GONlE!!!
imca nx un ii. laniiai iuukit. tn uti fm luneioL
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORKWAL remedy tfact "kills the Dcndrutt Qtrm "
DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS LOADED "crat for the oebllc to rttUzt the fencer of n*r-
„ I- - " = _/, ****• MewWi Herp*cl<*« B«slrtv«ly destroy* th«
Mcttyounr >nd mtd4!e-are4 nen never know fendraff nlcrobe; »lops falW haJr and Drotecti
flu i, l !L elr fc 'tfr ?S? IO * d *l'rJ u » J«cn»Me cro^is (h. sotp .r.lnu relnfecUoa.* A dellrtt&l ha i
urttltte hair hM"rj*e off." Nttwt tends her dre«in r . %to»s Itchlnr InsUatly. h\ Immense
•rarnmn of dandruff. Itching *catp end falling popularity prove* Its goodness. Save your hair
hah- bat the discovery of the dandruff germ Is too while you have hair to save.
Crtj ttrts, JIM Usi 10c, stops, to HERPICtBE CO, Ocpt B, Demit MUL, for a umpH.The relations of a lady who had died,
leaving a legacy to a favorite donkey
In order to secure Its comfort, recently
came into court and asked for a deci
sion as to who was to enjoy the legacy
after the donkey's decease. "The next
of kin," was the Judge's verdict. —
Punch.
BERLIN, June IS.— After a careful
compilation and dose Investigation by
German army experts, the AUlitar
Wochenblatt gives what Is probably the
nearest estimate yet printed of the
strength of the Russian and Japanese
land forces.
On the Russian side it Is calculated
that the active field army at the pres
ent moment consists of 154,850 men and
3S6 guns: en route from Siberia, 35,703
men and 64 guns; being mobilized in
Europe, 67.900 men and 183 suns; total,
248.450 men and 638 guns.
On tha Japanese side the active army
in the field Is given aa 152,500 men and
702 guns; in reserve 74,000 men and 73
guns; total 226,500 men and 780 guns.
German Military Newspaper Makes
an Estimate of the Annies In
the Field.
STRENGTH OF THE FORCES
OF RUSSIA AXD JAPAX
ings.
He has brusquely refused to con
sider the suggestion that they be re
moved.
Another act of so called "vandal
ism" Is the turning of Challow Hall,
one of the prettiest old country houses
in the neighborhood. Into a brick kiln.
Somebody advised him that the clay
Former "Boss" Croker's Methods on
English Estate Meet With
Much Disfavor.
. WANTAGE, June 18. — Richard
Croker has got into hot water here
by asserting landlord rights never at
tempted by any of his predecessors in
the title from time immemorial.
There has been a pretty footpath
from here to Letcombe, passing
through the fields. It is much shorter
than the road. ,
Mr. Croker has acquired the land
through which this footpath runs and
has railed it in on both sides with
iron railings five feet high, so this
charming walk now looks like a bird
cage.
It is causing widespread annoyance.
The male inhabitants may assemble
some night and level Mr. Croker's rail-
LORD OF WANTAGE
DISLIKED BY HIS TENANTS
PARIS, June 19. — A travelers* club
was officially inaugurated this week
at magnificent premises in the Ave
nue des Champs Elysees. It is a new
venture and is the smartest club in
Paris.
The members number leading men
in England, France and America.
Members of the Metropolitan and
Union clubs of New York are admitted
as travelers without ballot. A group
of prominent French women has de
cided to found a lar^e club in Paris
on the lines of those established In
England. The president of the exec
utive committee will be an American
woman, the Duchess de la Rochefou
cauld.
Tourists of the Swell Set Inaugurate
Association to Entertain Globe
* Trotters.
TRAVELERS' CLUB IS
ORGANIZED IX PARIS
There are three fine motors at Moat
House now. One is of ninety horse
power, suitably only for racing.
there is good for making bricks. This
will prove as great a fiasco as his
creamery project.
His son, Frank Croker, arrived this
week.
Political Writer at Berlin
Congress Criticizes the
Actions of the Delegates
his family, are among the prominent
San Jose people here.
George Klngsbury. proprietor of the
Lick House in San Francisco, Is at the
Planters. He arrived here the Sun
day after Crahan, the counterfeiter,
who had also been a v guest at the ho
tel, had been arrested for passing
$100 gold certificates. Kingsbury of
fered a $100 certificate for change at
the Planters office and was politely
refused. He went to other places and
tried to get it changed, unconscious of
the fact that he was being shadowed
by a detective. He met no success and
returned to the hotel, where he luck
ily met a friend, who identified him,
and the proprietor apologized and told
him he could have anything he want
ed. It is dangerous to spring $100
gold certificates anywhere but at a
bank in St. Louis just at present.
Robert Furlong, in charge of Cali
fornia's educational display. Is con
fined to his bed with malarial fever.
SJ. LOUIS, June 18.— The following
Callfornians have registered ¦ at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition:
San Francisco — Mrs. S. L. Bettes,
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Scott Jr., Mrs. and
Miss Paulsen, Miss J. Helm, James
Dizney, C. V. Manner, A. Rudgear,
Mrs. E. Coverdill, Fred C. Seeba, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter Graves, Joseph Ande,
Ida Ande, F. E. Bishop, G. A. Botting,
Mr. and Mrs. N. P. Cole Jr., Mrs. S. P.
Nonberg,^'. B. Huyett, Miss Louise
Bowman, Mrs. J. M. Rothchlld, Bock
Yue Wong, Sen Young, O. T. Owens,
Chlng Hong Yen, Setjoo Yee, George
Lawrence, Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Kings
bury, Charles KIrchner and family,
Edward L. Bowen, J. T. Cummins,
Julian Hammerschlag, J. W. Keyston,
F. R. Beattie. ; |
Oakland — Charles Dugdell, Mrs. A. B.
Wood, Grace Campbell, S. Arrillaga
and wife, Harry Foster, Ed Schmidt,
Miss Mary Gloster, Netta Wood, J. S.
Martin. * Q
San Jose — H. L. Wells, E. C. Popp
and family, J. A. Chase, H. A. Alexan
der, Omar Cambers, Milton Grime,
Nelson Giles Jr.
Santa Barbara— Miss Katie Klrby, S.
M. IlBley, Mrs. Mae Nave, Mrs. J. P.
Durr.
Miscellaneous — M. Kemper and wife,
Vallejo; Dr. Charles .' McCowen and
wife, Palo Alto; Paul A. Smith, Griz
zly Flats; Roxle E. Armstrong, Wood
land; Mr. and Mrs. Charles Has wood,
Upland; Miss J. Haswood. Upland;
George L. Beaver and wife, Santa
Clara; Mrs. Catherine Gloster, Eagle
ville; Hall Ross, Belmont; J. B.Gibson,
San Luis Obispo; Howard C. Plummer,
Placervllle; Itylene Lewis, Salinas; G.
G. Hutchlngs and wife, Kern City;
Mrs. C. F. Batham, Chico; G. B. Cor
bly, Banger; J. J. Cornell, Los Gatos;
A. W. O'Brien and wife, Sacramento.
• Berkeley— William E. Hawley, George
T. Bradley, C. M. Berry.
Stanford University— J. A. Zuelle and
wife, James Abbott. V'r ; ; -v>~
Visitors From" Golden Slate Throng
the Exposition Grounds.
CALIPORXIANS AT FAIR.
The man who can't stand prosperity
sooner or later takes a tumble to him
self.
BERLIN, June 18. — Count von Hoens
broeck. the well-known political writer,
created a sensation to-day at the ses
sion of the Women's Congress. When
the fourth section, which was discuss
ing woman suffrage, had completed
the list of programme speakers, It
threw the subject open to discussion.
Von Hoensbroeck asked permission to
speak, and criticized the delegates to
the congress for accepting invitations
to garden parties— those of Chancellor
and Countess von Bulow and .Interior
Secretary and Countess von Posa
dowsky-Wehner — immediately after the
Government had declared that it would
not accept the woman suffrage amend
ment to the law creating' boards of ar
bitration for merchants and their em
ployes. Von Hoensbroeck said the
women should have politely informed
the Ministers that they were unable
to accept social courtesies under the
circumstances.
"The Secretary of the Interior," said
Von Hoensbroeck, "snubbed the suf
frage movement, but gave you straw
berries and cream."
Frauleln Freudenberg of Munich,
who presided, instantly repelled the
Count's criticism, and later Frauleln
Helene Lange returned to the subject
and said the advocates of women's
rights. hoped to have an opportunity
to meet their direct enemies socially
and explain their views.
The congress closed this afternoon
with an^ enormous meeting. The lead
ing speaker in the main hall was Mrs.
Parkins Gilman, who discussed Profes
sor Lester F. Ward's theory of the
biological origin of the sex, according
to which the female became the estab
lished type prior to the male.
Mrs. Gilman turned the theory to
account, asserting that society will not
be perfect until woman participates in
all human interests equally with man.
The j American delegates, according
to the German papers, made a general
impression, owing to the superiority of
their oratory, clear, concise statements
and distinct, deliberate speaking. ,
Kaiser Would, Be Godfather.
ROME, June 18. — Emperor William
has notified the King of Italy that in
case the infant expected. at the Qulri
nal next September is a boy he will
stand as godfather. The offer has
been accepted. Many stories are told
indicating that the hopes of Italy for
an heir to the throne probably will be
realized. It is said that the Qulrinal
physicians are confident of it. By
their advice Queen Helena has gone
to the royal castle at Stupinlgl.
Ethel— That young man that goes
around with Myrtle is quite Impressive
looking 1 .
Maude— Yes, he works for a bank. ,
Ethel— What is he— paying teller or
cashier?
Maude— Well, I think he only does
the sweeping and the errands now.—
Somerville Journal. '^i;^,; - <
Henry E. Adams,' president of the
Stockton Gas Company, is here to at
tend the gas men's convention.
E. E. Dunning, a prominent bean
grower of Ventura, is among the visi
tors to the fair.
"Among prominent Fresno people
here are'J. Wilbur Cate, a real estate
dealer; E. B. Waterman, Charles
Bonner, raisin packer; J. J. .Vincent,
banker; Jerry Baker, fruit grower; F.
Dean Prescott. capitalist, and wife; J.
W. Browne, fruit grower, and daugh
ter; B. H. Paul, raisin packer, and
Misses Amanda Browne, S. J. Fenton
and A. E. South.
Harry Leonard Warren," manager of
the Warren Packing Company; H. A.
Alexander, flour agent; J. A. Chase,
lumber dealer, and H. C. Doerr, who
has just arrived from Europe with
Captain J. W. Smith, a grain mer
chant of Stockton, is among the Call
fornians who are visiting the fair. He
lived here twenty-two years ago, and
of all the buildings he knew in the busi
ness section of St. Louis only the old
custom-house, on Olive street, and the
old courthouse, on Broadway, are
standing. Captain Smith rode out to
where was once Choteau Lake. He used
to shoot ducks there. Mansions stood
where once lay his favorite hunting
ground. , -
VISITORS TO FAIR.
The Idaho commission to the World's
Fair consists of Governor J. T. Morri
son. C. B. Hurtt, James E. Steele, M.
J. Wessels, R. W. McBride. Dr. H. D.
Read and Mrs. H. W. Mansfield. The
agricultural and horticultural displays
are in charge of M. J. Wessels and wife
of Kendrick. R. W. McBride of Salmon
and M. B. McGlenn of Boise are at the
head of the mining display, and Mrs.
BImon Harris of Silver City is in charge
of the educational booth. A special ex
hibit of fish and game is made by C. C:
Tobias. In her educational exhibit
Idaho is abreast of any other State,
showing that her school advantages are
of the best.
Idaho, which is becoming noted for
her gold mines, her cereals and her ap
ples, is among the States that are well
represented at the fair. She has a pret
ty building not far from the California
structure. It Is of Spanish style and
has a court In the center, in which
bloom immense geraniums. Its several
rooms are furnished in a manner that
shows this mountain State to be not be
hind in taste and refinement. The hand
some furniture and hangings are well
set off by an artistic arrangement of
Indian baskets and curios. The build
ing is at present in charge of Hugh W.
Pettengill of Boise, secretary to Execu
tive Commissioner Hart. Many resi
dents of the State have visited the fair,
and they and others find the cool, shad
ed space around the court a comfort
able resting place during the warm
days.
Idaho's exhibit of cereals in the Agri
cultural building is one of the most
beautiful at the exposition. It is looked
upon as among those likeljfkto be prize
winners. Rare artistic ability has been
shown in the blending of grains and
the effect worked out. In the Horticul
tural building the State's apple display
te much admired. Idaho also shows an
excellent quality of dried prunes. Her
mining exhibit is one of the finest at
the fair. Besides all the gold ores,
there is a special display of lead ore,
one piece weighing eight tons.
In the Idaho building is shown the
cup awarded the State by the National
Irrigation Congress for the best fruits
grown on irrigated land. ,¦
$25 and the proceeds will be turned
into the club fund.
IDAHO TO THE FORE.
FINDS FAULT
WITH WOMEN
The display made by the California
Keramic Club will probably attract
lady visitors more than anything else
in the Sen Francisco building. The
articles have all arrived In safety. The
stein collection is superb. Those con
tributing to it are: Mrs. R. V. Bate
man, Mrs. S. V. Culp, Mrs. P. M. Clay.
Miss Minnie Colby, Miss Lucy Lamb of
Vallejo, Miss Anna Spreckels, Miss
Mary Brown, Mrs. M. E. Perley, Mrs.
F. D. Ashworth. Mrs. E. Jakobs, Mrs.
Langhorn. Miss Maud Swan. Miss L.
Smith, Mrs. Minnie Griffln. Miss Min
nie Taylor, Miss E. Hasselmeyer. Mrs.
William Haynes and Miss E. Kleln
schrnidt.
The other pieces in the collection,
which are all beautiful and show great
eklll in this art, are contributed by
Mrs. M. Wilson, Miss Ella Kleln-
Fchmidt, Miss Bertha Kleinschmidt,
Mrs. E. Jakobs, Mrs. M. Griffln, Mrs.
S. V. Culp, Mrs. L. S. Allis, Mrs. Helen
O'Malley. Mrs. William Haynes, Mrs.
BE. Thompson, Mrs. R. V. Bateman,
Mrs. P. W. Clay. Mrs. M. Taylor, Miss
Minnie Colby, Mrs. M. E. Perley, Mrs.
Maud Nourse, Miss Laura Smith, Miss
Aana Spreckels, Miss Lucy Lamb. Mrs.
Laura Le Tourneaux and Miss E. Has
eelmeyer.
These articles were all made by the
ladles contributing *\hem and even old
world artists may well admire them.
There are no prettier specimens of the
keramic art shown at the fair. Each
piece Is marked for sale at a fancy
fiffttre. the average price being about
Charles P. TVilcomb, present custo
dian of the San Francisco building and
exhibit, is doing his best to get them
ready, but he has no more power than
any one else to overcome the adverse
cond!tk.ms under which all exhibitors
work here.
weeks" duration, has delayed its open
ing still further. The carpenters,
plumbers and painters went out be
cause Caldwell & Drake, the contrac
tors, were accused of employing non
union men on buildings outside the
fair grounds.
San Francisco and New York are
having a hard struggle in the Model
City, but everything points ttr an ul
timate triumph for them— or at least
an ultimate fulfillment of their hopes.
Neither nf their buildings is likely to
b<? opened to the public before July 1.
Another strike on the San Francisco
structure, this time of nearly three
CALL. BUREAU, WORLD'S FAIR
GROUNDS, ST. LOUIS,, June 18.—Riv
erside County has thrown her Irriga
tion panorama, open to the publio and
crowds harp over the rail In front of
Jt each day. ga-'ngr on th« miniature
orangw groves and green fields with the
tinr streams of water gliding through
them and at the cloud-crested moun
tains that eeem to be miles away.
There are oranges on all the- little trees.
In the foreground is a field of paper
poppies and from this the San Ber
r.ardlno or Riverside valley, whichever
it may be called, falls away to the
mountains that form the rim of the
panorama. In the ekies of the dome
above the clouds never grow thicker
ror th« skies less bright. At one end
of this fertile valley lies the city of
Ban Bernardino, at the other end the
city of Riverside, "two of the most
beautiful municipalities in the State.
On the mountain brow to the right of
San Bernardino le ehown the natural
arrowhead that is the wonder of tour
ists.
There was a hitch at the opening of
the panorama caused by the main can
al leaking. There was not a crevasse
In the side, such as sometimes afflict
canals, but a hole In the bottom. This
canal, though it lookH real, has a zinc
lining. The hole was found and sol
dered and the tissue paper orange
grove. -Rith its tiny, gilded fruit, es
caped destruction by drought.
M. A. Bagley, the Colton real estate
dealer, who has been here to install
the exhibit, will depart for home this
week. L. V. W. Brown will assume
charge of it during the rest of the
fair and will be on hand during ex
hibit hours to give all information re-
Quired by visitors.
DELAYED BY STRIKE.
By Paul Edwards.
Tiny Streams of Water Flow
ing Through Green Fields
Lend Realism to the Scene
COMPLETE FAE3I SHOWN
Reproduction in Miniature
of Biverside Orange Grove
One of Wonders of Fair
CROWDS WATCH
THE PANORAMA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1904.
29
JOE BOSENBEBG'S. | JOE BOSENBEBG'S. | JOE BOSENBEBG'S. | JOE BOSENBEBG'S. * | JO^ BOSENBEBG'S. J JOE BOSENBEBG'S.
r^^fjlaBj^ragffafffCTmljHm " , u.\irurACTT7si:ss' show room
r\ &^^^^^€^^ K 1 fe» ll wUTIbn 1 W 1 W VW^ * * *^» Every year they close out their «asi-
V i.Kl TPwr ..»..-»•»» vv*vw^»w-wv« • . t ¦ pJeB Defore Peatery timm a t a very
VCH l^/^^-iKtKMBPMTO^^ " V'" : V-l'.^ 'm A ft «^ F g% £* J literal discount. Ws were oae of tl«
¥^"Ta i^re^i^^r7'^ \ ' ' -£*•. »..'l > rnl B«^ft 1 Btf I PMS. - preferred enstcraer*. They comprise:
] /r^f u Jl^C^fmsifi&L ' A ( I v '^^^r^^^^w^^ ======================================== ' labs, ovxrcox.x.'ars. coi.-
i^I u A] / d . V M"^«&( I Visit our Bargain Basement II They give US preference OP SUrplUS StOCk and OddS lass aot nsa comnres
HcfeM^tfl&M^JLsSiMtP r" r rp""e' l "»r n v a <. e u rwcBr Bli and ends because we are always ready to help them out Sggff^Si
|il^S|M||||||||^ I g; t "d.Sn*y"ri»«.. and the cash Is always ready for them.
r'>'^~£'^*^* ? *» r^''*^^ * m \r x*xKt We Hsd a "Pull" Arc You Goin^ to St. Louis Beruiar iac Quality now....st*
QMlBSB!BiSHUniliaill II ' - ** " ••-•- sizes ....50c wld ° ( U8 a fi lillk. high luster. In pink, kP^ ERS— Made oV Egyptian lisle, «n,^««»- M«*t,;«- 1M A . A r/*«»
nV«.,«— I «^.lr* j t - f J 1 * *\ xr c"£_.. H«« n »c IJJUfvn T»7« H.iJ *Um blue- cream, white and black. Instead j£V>& velvet finish, Jersey kntt, urn- lnCFCS fiOinillS XYiOrC COm-
Yourc LooKin^ lor Good Among Our New Spring neres wncre We nad the O f 6oc, at «ie pnee cutter-«..Tard 40c £&£& breiia shape, torchon lace tnm- . t > °
., i- t» j >«.. . u n |i« • TVT med, Jersey flttins tops, w'.th a IOrltiDlC
Muslin Underwear Ribbons "Pull - Here's Another "Pull" J/ f™^??,?^-^*!^^^ r=r s^r w.« x h4n .
VISIT OUB 33ABQAIIT DEPART- Tcu Will rind Some Priced Low. With "Willie Jacob.." with a Knitted TTnderweur Mannfae- ................ '. 50c /S??^ intact rminjr WEAP-
MENT THIS WEEK. AI.L-SILK TAFFETA RIBBON— A " p ha(i to o many SILK . turer. - ' \iwW$ PEB< aad Ker9 ' s Oae '
¦£*¦»»!.¦« &S£&S$fe8$2%rfM m Z™ * na " Vc r%8?ft ~ S«-'--»- •French Shaped Co«eU. feP' g£K«
SSi ?8lS?aSRa»8 SS e sS!1. > 3S^.T 1 %. i af «S IV "SsS^fMH^ Everybody Is on Somebody's «ST ?5*ZS£l SS?^ 4m VTsTl P^F • >$%
IllfTCf LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS P™Per cap.r for neckwear and mlllin- -'kV ?„« strlDM ch^rind flj' Ih^™™ lirt tln». aoiibl. .U. ¦ M« «r»l«ht front '"**>' iSl'tSSt tor a.itSl ilSo
lllll'lt —Made ot Lonsdale cam- «T purpojes. Price: 20c I 7 .'"f;, fffecur wk?« mnih T.Hth MOOpinJ LISU IKels. dip hip. circular cut, laoe trim- tne l»>t ror tile least. . use
tour r * n t "* i r C -£:?JZZ"°* X "" ! f;,^ BOWS TIED PBB BT EXPEBTS. „.„ ]„„" .houldeV 'eSJctS. M Tw pWT _ Wo are on «v«ryb°dy. ¦"««¦ 8J™« "..{"'ft- 1 *? .oS'.'Sl.t Twelve for Three Colt*
Xour rows or openwork hemstitched .. .i...... tntinr-Ktltrhpri- Th» attrt ' /Til list *»sneolallv when we tnese corsets win always iook sijnsn. 1WC1VC lUF lllict -vCUlo.
tucks; liberal in length and width, ju iy h jj p . p d £ e r e «^"eut. 1 >ams. ta"ilor- .1/ • LVe selfing these summer Biggest money's worth you ever saw^ That's what we will charge you for
Prlee «^Oc AUOSe yy no 11QVC CyeS IO KCaa st i tche d. trimmed with crocheted rings fi A] skirts at such low prices. Only 5Oc the best SAFETY PIXS made: large.
LADIES* UNDERSKIRTS — Made of Let Them Sead About the low Prices and tassels. Others have them priced flliV Made of imported duck. r , small and medium. In black and
fine soft bleached muslin, trimmed in guMMEB LACES."" . in thoir windows at $17. $13 and $22. j8.H|l! black or navy ground with uIOVCS. nickel plated A carrl ,5c
with 17-inch tlounce. wtlh three rows vi \ kttw ( vn At tlic Price Cutter's Monday ' and /#tr% white dots, button trim- _. «!,„•?..? ¦Prir« nnt thn i.onir««t _ .. ~
rJSS^shjSSSSSlrSS^ m rSjE F & >T Tu "" y -: •«•«.. 49^ SW'JiinSJna n " h " tt *™"™ Lady OvUer's Bodice Pin.
flo. You cannot buy the lace for the Jte- i2 «, i . ( / Pe i fnrirt CoVPr finish: hang and fit as LADIES' GLOVES— The /JFf-^r** Stronjrtr. Neater and More Durabl*
price -we ask for this skirt complete. /Or^^l HL* l^ he f , wld J f^J n V/0r5Cl COV«r 3niClO. they should. Price 81.50 celebrated Kaysei"s make; K^TnB Th*n Aay Other Pia.
Price Sl.OO /JrSSzta* \ VJ£' « W tt»^- on" Easy to put on and off: protects the double finger tipped, Paris Gives the new dlD r.™ _
iftM&^iA S?«ri .rt5S"2.S5' « rt dress and the underwear from being , Crftfcal Wnmen P olnt Pitching, two pat- *Tf lj.| effect* hold* l^^T^t^^X
nVmi'w rnlnri tn A» f nnn*i.u WS?fl/^ f«5 Li h W§ f t-J5 «f soiled with perspiration: nainsook cov- WTOCO1 WODien, ont clasps, silk covered UU e » f skirt and keeps •/ --Z^if •VT I
YOU re bOing IO Uie COUntry .*# r ?X«^- ing kind Instead of d and veg l etable Uned; washable and or to Thoia Who Uaki Up K»nd.m»4« buttons; kid in fit and W waist "n po-fi- I /// V/ % \
Her.'. SometUnr to Fa.. Away Your and Tuesday's price ' . "^^ odorless; large or small sizes. Battenber* Scarf.. flnisj; in tan. gray, white and black. «£_ st on^ o lMf'^ m4mt \i
Xeisnre Hour.. \LLOVER NET OR WEBBING— A pair 5OC Here's one for less than you can -^ rjce -ot- stout women. Made S \J' Yf'
I^U^r^n 0 / 1^ 0^ 1^^ ?ncnL O wiL°! nt In e fl^ n e e r /oten! Fiith-AVCIlUC YLtir CUTlcrS OF ThCFC b No EXCUSC lOT Not Sfckel^ed 'S g? ¦„ ' ffi
1^ Wavers. Ef%iH^^^ S£^"-«aS
Summer Hose ShamrocK Linen. //| \A f^'E'CHCsi You Seen the New m^$55lE81 l ?^3S^
To « J^t W «,„ comfort . vl Noth|r,to r i r rw«x K: HC^H£rS! Embroidery TvisSTwLn ««.
-. HOSE-Made fee^m^y^S o^^S "^ and S" J*TinZ 117^^ «h. /^S^, K VdUe hi UdteS* Shirt WttislS.
m^r E "w ; iiSt: tl SSS?ed"8!lk 81.00 a dozen, or, each IQc /^ 25c V* French Cor.et Cover. Of? MI* jl« JSSde'S'iiSrSlk "tiuo'r And Toull Know So When Ton S«.
Ill Sffef^S^SK Lovers ol Comfort To Those Who Have to Wear && ffi^FtfjSSSR 1^ fe M^Tcoiored *«*>
{£*k i^^BBWSB ? "WSM^iSSAS^ % Woolen Underwear. XM Pr^.....^:.^ 1 ."..^.^ JL .^ffi^jSMS
4&rVj(» set and tan colors. Rom- Of^n EBS AND ABDOMINAL Hero's some, light weight, made for T PHri g TnA &F,'2a medallion trimmed, new puff
f|*5 V brandt ribbed, extra Ion?. I ! KEDUCERS? summer wear, liiph nook and lone "- l rlce * uc J rtrtir WnmPn XzAS? sleeves; in pink, blue and
PA8? Instead of 26c. now.. 15e UU Made with a shaDed nuri sleeves; made of steam-shrunk medi- r;^.. nt«,^.f|.. „- T^.™ISJ» *-*"8C WUUieil. /TfV^ white. Instead of $1 50, now
r^ K LADIES' HOSE-Made ifl wHh extra "trong'webbS 5?^ Tn^ - W'wi tO | "^h 011 ' 3e " ey RheUmatiCS Or InVaUdS. Here's some UNDER VESTS for <*\ 98c
of . fast black French lisle. §kU) and fancy frilled lisle elastic, -tltting tops .and ankle length. ....... Herc are some LADIES' GOWNS, you. Made of light weight English _ _.
full finished, double heel and toes. In *»** With patent button clasp. In A garment 00c Made of light weight flannelette, tuck- thread, high neck and long sleeves; ITCCaOm 0T VCTTIS C^
openwork lace effect. No better stock- black only. Price 15c a xt. t* j c • /> ed yoke, sleeves, collars, cuffs, trim- summer weight; neck finished with •»«.„• • „ f»1»J1J.-« P»*5
ing made: the imported kind. At the Another bOOU SCOOP 01 UUT med with feather-stitched braid. Gen- beading and ribbon running through. .WaiSl lOr LnilurCn. > <.
Price Cutter's A pair 33 1-3 C Nincty-FlVe Cents. fflk Fr. c»^« D. n r-~ erously made in width and length Price 25c Made of extra twilled coutll. At?A
CHILDREN'S HOSK— Made of Sea M „ _. J _ „ / dPV EaSlCrn KUyCF. »- ' «>C ¥««.*„« J 1Z^ --.J C1 f\f\ tailor-stitched seams, double {.{gj}}
Island cotton, fast black, jersey ribbed. A More Thim Ezchanre For ST^sg Thls t{me iVt . , ADIFa . DOC lnSlCau 01 / jC Q.UQ. row of washable tape buttons. WW
double heels, toes and knees, ironclad • Your Money. SSSl rilk PFTTIPOatr man*. «r <¦*..¦ . t»«h «. «r.». A n . «* ?>,« adjustable shoulders. In gray *¦[ f \\
finish, all sizes 12*C LADIES' PBTTICOATB-Made of -g^ S u5c«ckablf uS££; Sfi! B ff± K- f% f\ ft P U HT i\f\ A£^A MM^TStn^S. 5ii? «nd white *5c'wX'
Beit, sa~SH3i- ft s™r «"a . flF ROSENBERG JT^S^fe: 1
Short and stout. i,j as bantlp })5 e r&ik V^> oth*r changeable rnlors- B 1 Lll ft. (<fvr\N and no sleeves, hand crochet- ("v^\ From being soiled or wearing
Thin and tall. "' oC real worth J7 75. a Um?ted w V *¦ THE PRICE CUTTER W€A) ed yokes, swiss ribbed. In \^\\ out by wearing the EMPIRfi
Wo have Belts Fnimrf7itfnn nr GrrMo quantity «j )¦? : Bg&P pink, blue and cream. If >fii\ RUBBER SLEEVE PROTEC-
To fit you all. rOvnaaUOn Or Ulraie. jr. quanm> W^.U^ fl ._ y art ,i «i •• nic arrp || c» l^r you are in need or not. you O» TOR. Made of extra strong
WASHABLE BELTS— Made of Made of heavy crinoline and boned Dc-nrl DnHnnc ¦- • mainci ol> " uia " c " «"• )J|W ha d better anticipate your fiftS lined rubber; is washable;
pique and fancy duck cloth. The v.i.lp. throughout with whalebones, assorted fKUI I UUIIUI15. -------.--, t<gft wants, as you will never buy tHS reaches to the elbow and is
soft kind. With adjustable fancy styles and shapes. Very stylish. For The good heavy kind, with two or MAEL ORDERS SOLICITED. anything as low priced as J^ h « w t , 1 " P J * ce b T 6 -,. /•*
buckles*. Price "i5c the new shirt waist suits. Price. .10c four hojes. Price a jHr.T«»,. *l..\. J»im. »tt»\n 50c 10 the Price Cutter s.. Pair 10c
FLOWERS, FREEDOM and
FRESH AIR arc features of SU-
BURBAN HOMES.
Some pretty places at a bar-
gain In our BERKELEY, OAK-
LAND and ALAMEDA REAL-
TY columns.
6BAFS-NT7TS.
WISE WORDS.
A Physician on Food.
A physician of Portland, Oregon, has
views about food. He cays:
"I have always believed that the duty
of the physician does not cease with
treating the 6k k, but that we oweit to
humanity to teach them how to* pro-
tect their health, especially by hygien-
ic and dietetic laws.
"With *uch a feeling as to my duty
I take great pleasure In saying to the
public that in my own experience and
also from personal observation I have
found no food to equal Grape-Nuts and
that I find there is almost no limit to
th» great benefit this food will bring
*\hen used in all cases of sickness and
convalescence.
"It is my experience that no physical
condition forbids the use of Grape-
Nuts. To persons in health there Is
nothing so nourishing and iicceptable
to the stomach, especially at breakfast,
to start the machinery of the human
system on the day's work. In cases of
indigestion I know that a completa
breakfast can be made of Grape-Nuts
and cream and I think it is necessary
not to overload the stomach at the
morning meal. I also know the great
value of Grape-Nuts when the stom-
ach is too weak to digest other food.
"This is written after an experience
of more than 20 years treating all man-
ner of chronic and acute diseases, and
the letter is written voluntarily on my
part without any request for it." Name
given by Poetum Co., Battle Creek,
Mich.
There's a Reason.
Look in each pkg. for the famous
little book, "The Road to Wellville."
World's Fair exhibit, Space 103, Ag-
ricultural Buildiss.
ADVEBTISEMENTS>
js&x^ Ji$wW$> fiRB^lA/ nrUI^2 UAIR * ' JBla^Sek
BIlSS MABMABA HENKT. FLORENCE BUSSEIX,
fiO36 ForrestTlll* At«, • CHICAGO. ' w ' *S* « »«•*•»
Miss Henry sayst s "Before I benra wing Daaderlne »*• Mohawk Street, CHICAGO. MIsg gBXMA HA SSEI.I.,
my hair was falflnr out in rreat handsful. and I am Since it has become renerally known »niv ll Hi.i'*iir<»irt. CHICAGO.
pleased to say that^andetfna not only stopped It at that Danderlne causes hair to .row Just a ™» North 4-d Court, CHICAGO.
once, but has made my hair grow more than twice- > as abundantly on the heads of children as ¦«•««, « »«„ v,,- __,m «n«
as long- as It evor was." ltdoes on those of matured persona, many Miss Hassel says: "My hair would not
Mrs. Elolse Atherton, Little Bock, Ark., *ays: "It truly marvelous cases are comin* to our reach below my waist when I beyan u«ln«
1« sumly rcmarfeablo the way Dasdertne lr^oroves notice. Little Miss Russell, whose photo- your Danderlne. It was also laded and split-
thebatr. It has made my hair crow tea lnehe* lone- «T»ph appears abore. Is ceminly on© of Un _ at tha end9 _ Now tt u orer 2% feet
er In Ave months and It Is rettlnr thicker and lonrer tha remarkable ones. Her beautlrol hair JJrLA VT? ,f ZZZL Ja» »nd it kaa re«lned
allthotlme. I beliere In rlTlmr praiw where It Is Isorer tWr« Inches Ion* a^^r mother J«"»" JtbMltw re rvuuA "J^^J^o
due. and you can uso my name as reXweau* If you says that "DANDBBIJIB GREW EVERY Its original rich blond color. I used u»e tomo
so desire." BIT OJ 1 IT." . about four month* all together.
DANDERINE is to the hair what fresh showers of rain and sunshine are to vegetation. It goes right to the
roots, invigorates and strengthens them. Its exhilarating, fertilizing and life-producing properties cause the hair to
crow abundantly long, strong and beautiful. IT IS THE NATURAL FOOD OF THE HAIR, SCIENTIFICALLY
CHARGED WITH NEW AND GENUINE LIFE-PRODUCING ESSENCES UNHEARD OF BY OTHER
MAKERS OF HAIR TONIC. , MO W at all druggists in three sizes, 25 cents, 50 cents and $1MO per bottle.
rnrr To show how quickly Dandmrlno acts, we will send a largo sampls free by return mall to anyona who sends this adTertlsamaal
rflCEi to the Knowlton Dandorino Co., Chicago, with tholr name and address and ten cents la sllrer or lUmps to pay postage.
S85iSSS^Sf REDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents.SACRAMENTO, June 18.— The col
lision of a dredger with the piling at
the Edwards break below this city re
opened a section of the closed crevasse
this evening, but at a late hour to
night It was reported the damage had
been repaired.
Dredger Damages Levee.
h'ANTA ROSA. June 18.— J. Lacey
and P. H. Scoular paid $75 fines at
Kelseyville for violating the game law*.
They had deer meat in cold storage,
but fearing detection placed it beneath
the "floor of their building and subse
quently attempted to burn it in a fur
nace.
Game Law Violators Are Fined.
"Have you read "A Philosopher's Fa
ble* in this paper to-d^y? Look for it."*
Hassett Is Granted a New Trial.
SANTA ROSA; June IS.— James T.
Hassett, convicted of failing to provide
for his minor child and sentenced to
six months' imprisonment In the Coun
ty Jail, has been granted a new trial
by Judge Emmet Seawell.
While riding a pig around a yard in
Paris, a young butcher named Lagire
fel! off, fracturing his skull and dis
locating his ankle.
MACON, Ga., June 18.— Judge Speer
has handed down two decisions in the
case/ of . Fah Chung and Foon Wing,
•who^have been held under the Chinese
exclusion act. The court overruled thf
point made J for the defendants that,
coming into the. country from Hong
kong, which is British territory, and
being British subjects,, they were not
subject to the Chinese exclusion act.
It was held by Judge Speer that the
act affected a Chinese whether he came
direct from- China or from the territofy
of another country.
i ¦ ? ¦
.When-an old man proposes to a girl
he shoulllaccompany his proposal with
a • certifies •¦ check — not necessarily for
publication^ but as a guarantee of good
faith.
Judge Spccr Holds Celestials Must Be
Deported, No Matter From What
Country They Embark.
EXCLUSION LAW: EFFECTS
CHINESE FRO3I ¦ EVERY LAND
Specie Increased J4.723.800 and ' legal
tenders $1,779,000, making a total of
$6,502,800 gain in cash reserve. This
amount was $2,000,000 below the sum
which was estimated on the basis of
the traceable movements of money dur
ing the week.
Deposits increased $12,781,300, or
$1,318,000 less than the sum of the gain
in loans and in cash, therefore the
statement did not make a'good balance.
k The required reserve against general
deposits increased $3,195,325, deduct
ing which sum from the gain in cash
left $3,307,475 as the increase in sur
plus reserve to $38,869,875. This is
not only the maximum surplus for the
year, but the highest since May 27,
1899, when it was $43,933,725. .
Computed upon the basis of deposits,
leBS those of $23,420,700 "public funds,
the surplus Is $44,725,050. Circulation
increased $664,S00, a gain of $2,749,100
since May 14.
NEW YORK, June 18.— The Financier
says: The official statement of the New
York Associated Banks last week
showed, as the most striking feature;
a maximum for the year of specie,
legal tenders, total cash and surplus
reserve, also an aggregate of loans
within $27,000,000 and of deposits
within J 9,750,000 of the highest on
record. The maximum of the former
was reached on May 14 and that of
the latter oh May 7.
As was expected would be the case,
the loan item was expanded as the re
sult of corporation and commission
house borrowing and of the placing of
proceeds of finance bills, the increase
being $7,596,500 for the week and of
$13,000,000 since the beginning ofjune.
Report of Association Shows Great
Increase In Business Done by
Financial Institutions.
and Southern. Pacific became less
marked after the first announcement
of the plan, but was a cause of much
unsettlement of speculative sentiment.
The firm undertone of the market was
attributed to the promising condition
of the crops, which had favorable
weather conditions during the week.
A favorable outcome of the year's
crops is universally considered the es
sential factor In the future of the mar
ket. United States old 2a and United
States old 4s advanced % on call dur
ing the week.
? , .'¦•
NEW YORK BANKS COME
- CLOSE TO RECORD FIGURES
The Fort Bldwell office will become
a domestic money order office July 1.
Miss S. Louisa Templeton of San
Francisco has been appointed assistant
librarian in the Geological Survey.
Army orders: The order appointing
the board of medical officers to meet
at the United States General Hospital,
Presidio,' for the examination of candi
dates for admission to the medical
corps is J o take effect July 1. Captain
Leonard D. Wildman, signal corps, will
make during the fiscal year not to ex
ceed three visits from Nome to St.
Michael, Alaska, and not to exceed six
WASHINGTON, June IS.— James M.
Minturn has been commissioned post
master at Sharon, Cal.
The following changes among fourth
class postmasters have been made:
Canby, Madera Couty, Thorn H. Bal
lard, vice Fanny B. Kane, resigned;
China Flats, Humboldt County, Thom
as H. Brett, vice M. A. McKinnon," re
signed; Merrillville, Lassen County,
Robert W. Hurlbut, vice T. J. Hurlbut,
resigned: Vina; Tehama County, Wal
ter Henderson, vice Lena G. Parkhurst,
removed.
Xew Postmasters Appointed by Pres
ident to Fill Various
Vacancies.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
. OF THE PACIFIC COAST
English coal is used as far as possible
on Japanese warships because the Jap
anese coal gives off much more smoke.
They are the only coast men in the
graduating class of the law school.
Degree of Bachelor of Law Will Be
Conferred Upon Students From
• the Pacific Coast.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. June 18.—
Three Callfornians are among those
who will received the bachelor of law
degree from Tale school June 29. They
are Uoya Stuart Ackerman, Frank
Herman Strohn of San Francisco and
Mark Leon Germain of Los Angeles.
HONORS WON* BY THREE
• CAIJFORXIAXS AT YALE
visits from Nome to Safety Harbor on
business pertaining to the installation
of signal corps wireless telegraphy.
This duty performed, he will return to
his proper station at Nome after each
visit. The travel enjoined is neces
saj-y for the public service. The leave
ofVabsence granted Veterinarian James
M. Lawrence, Fifth Cavalry, is extend
ed two months on account of sickness.
Private James Norman, Troop I, Ninth
Cavalry, now in confinement at the
Presidio, will be discharged without
honor from the army by reason of de
sertion.
BAKERSFIELD. June 18.— Sheriff
Kelly was notified to-day that David
Ingram, the Kernville saloon-keeper,
who shot a man at Isabella a few days
ago, is entrenched in the mountains
near Keysville and defies the officers
to arrest him. A posse left this- even
ing to effect his capture.
Ingram was a stanch friend of the
late outlaw, James McKlnney, and was
arrested after the latter's death on sus
picion of being the mysterious third
man supposed to have been in the joss
house and taken part in the famous
battle with the officers, . but was re
leased for lack of evidence.
Entrenches Himself In the Mountains
Near Kej s\111e and Dares Officers
to Try to Arrest Him.
SALOON-KEEPER INGRAM
DEFIES THE AUTHORITIES
Charles. Pierce, a Carpenter, Who
Killed Michael Castellano at San
Pedro. Pleads Guilty.
LOS ANGELES, June 18.— After be
ing convicted of murder in the first
degree and then granted a new trial
Charles Pierce, a carpenter, who killed
Michael Oastellano at San Pedro,
pleaded guilty to the charge of murder
to-day and was sentenced to life im
prisonment at San Quentin. Pierce
shot CastPllano through the head with
a revolver, apparently •without any
provocation. He pleaded hereditary in
sanity.
MURDERER SEATENCED
TO LIFE IMPRISONMENT
The privilege reserved for the re
demption of the new preferred stock
at 115 for five years after July, 1905,
points to it as Intended for a tempo
rary expedient, with the refunding
bonds a probability on the first pro
pitious occasion. Current criticism
was inclined to imply a superior ad
vantage for Union Pacific in the plan,
for . the Union Pacific's control of
Southern Pacific made it responsible
for the Southern Pacific's large floating
indebtedness to the parent company
for advances for improvements and
Union Pacific's $90,000,000 of South
ern Pacific stock made parent com
pany a beneficiary both of the new
stock subscription privileges and of
the proceeds of the sale. On the other
hand, its large holdings of Southern.
Pacific make it a large sharer in any
disadvantages to the company. The
disadvantages of an authorized stock
issue entitled to $7,000,000 of annual
earnings In priority to the common
stock claims, although carrying a
common . stock privilege to subscribe
at par to the preferred, proved rather
formidable to holders of Southern Pa
cific, and it. was freely sold. The di
vergent movement in Unon Pacific
reached that the pTan was a sort of
compromise between the general re
funding bond issue, which had been
expected from Southern Pacific for
maturing and underlying mortgages
and to provide for immediate addi
tional capital needs and the device so
commonly employed of late by rail
road corporations of issuing short
itime notes for current capital needs.
Conditions are avowedly unpropitious
for the flotation of a large bond issue,
notwithstanding the recent evidences
of improvement in the market de
mand for railroad bonds.
TEMPORARY EXPEDIENT.
The dealings in the stock market
have been rather larger this week and
the price fluctuations wider, giving the
market an appearance of greater ani
mation. The fluctuations have been
both upward and downward and the
general level of prices has not moved
far from that of last week. Business
has been congested in a few stocks in
fluenced by special causes^ . and the
sharp upward movement in business
has helped the general market. The
most notable of the special movements
was that in Union Pacific and South
ern Pacific as an effect of the plan for
new preferred stock to be authorized
to the amount of $100,000,000 and* to
be issued at once to stockholders- at
par to the amount of $40,000,000, to
have 7 per cent dividends prior to the
common stock. The knowledge of
this plan came out by piecemeal.
The result w'assome skepticism in the
stock market, ; where the project was a
total surprise, and much debate and .
confusion as to the merits and effects
of the plan. Opinion on the subject
was not definite up to the end of the
week and the stock market continued
much unsettled in consequence. Its
importance and its probable large in
fluence on the market were undeniable,
owing to the magnitude of the opera
tions, if for no other cause. The rela
tive advantages or disadvantages to
Union Pacific, the parent capital, and
to Southern Pacific were eagerly can
vassed and with varying effect on
those two stocks.
Very generally the conclusion was
LARGER DEALINGS.
, NEW YORK. June 18. — Final trans
actions of the week in the stock mar
ket depreciated a trifle, but the de
cline was small and without signifi
cance. The fever In Southern Pacific
subsided and the freedom from pres
sure of that stock relieved the general
list from the sympathetic sagging ten
dency present since the preferred stock
issue was announced. Weatfler in the
crop regions continued favorable and
the money supply is so ample for all
demands that there is little pressure
upon the market, in the absence of
any positively bad developments.
Southern Pacific made a languid re
covery and then lost practically all of
it Just at the close. Amalgamated
Copper gained a point on the strength
of the reports of recent large sales
of copper, both for domestic and ex
port account.
The very conservative tone of the
mercantile agency views of the metal
trade had a repressive effect on the
speculation in stocks. Computations
of railroad net earnings and cotton
movements, the backward season, the
Colorado labor troubles and wet
weather in the Southwest — all have
had a depressing influence. But it i
Is pointed out that the propor
tion of the average decrease in clear- i
ings is small compared with the sue- I
cessive increases for eight or ten years
past.
Conservative Tone of Agency
Views of Metal Trade Has
an Effect on Speculators
WEATHER IS FAVORABLE
Subsidence of the Fever in
Southern Pacific Stock
Relieves the General List
PRESSURE UPON
MARKET SLIGHT
/HE SAN, FRANCISCOXALL, SUNDAY, JUNE- 10, 1904;
30
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If you neglect the stomach and
bowels you are going: to suffer
from Nausea, Sick^^ Headache,
Sleeplessness, : Constipation, Dys-
pepsia and Indigestion. ¦ The Bit-
ters 'will strengthen the stomach,
keep the bowels , open ., and pre?
vent these ailments. Try a bottle.
ADVEBTISmCElTTS.
-CONSUMPTION ELECTRO E > D CI?EMISTRY !
¦ MORE HOME TESTIMONY.
_£fiX /^fe^^^^a * ' "** y trouble began'wlth a severe cold. It
»; /*• uL il&sijJ pettlfd in ray lun*». I had a very E «ver«
& ** ?<iSr3©iX cou»rh and expectorated bad-looklnj? ntuff from
tt _^»^.,^**^T™1 **&J®J Tny lull t«- I became frife'htrned and went to
~&£3^ -jL r-^<-c2dSr Irly tiOmr: Physician and he told me that I must
5 \j«^^ l A^^I J-^SJi Immejlately l»ave this climate and go to Arl-
g M^ f J^^JkW. *ona. He. said that I was In a very serious
# l*0»^^ I/^^»vCvC^!^V condition and that I could not live In Callfor-
g IT IS II ft H\lvV\k\l nl *' !t wa " almost Impossible for me to leave
# 11 w II II JMlnM mr cn "dren and go to Axlsona,- and. fortu-
m If mj/j/L \Y\\ Mil nately for me. about this time I heard of th«
r « yy A-Bi{Ilh Ifll /1 8 Electro-Cbemlc treatment. "When I consulted
W -^r ////ttlf It 11 //¦ the Electro-ChemJc specialist he found my
A WMiffmll'Il m 'if II Hi condition a serious one and told me that I had
» ///TyfjZin II Jti Illli'n con "" juit |n llni <- At thl « tlm « l w a» having
VivffivstLu fa) y/f/ frightful pains in ray lunps. and I could hardly
E3 \ V7W2hV?/ Wli i]nir\ fI^' p at n'«ht for the couph. I had such
M V^^2r*V // fiR-S^Sffi I awful night sweats that the b^dclothlng was
r5 /y&Flff/J'E^^TCW almost saturated as If It had been dipped In
F* v "iBr' ' 1/JL I "V water. This, of course.' was taking my
. . ,"_- .¦»*,«-'-:j» strength very rapidly, and I had lost about
twenty pounds In weight. I do not remember exactly, but I believe that three Electro-
t-nerntc treatments stopped my night sweats, »nd In the course of two or three weeks the
cough and the expectoration had entirely disappeared. 1 trained weight from the very start
of the treatment, and was dismissed cured October the 6th of last year. I passed through
the winter months without the least symptoms of a return of my trouble, and as It is
now over eight months since I gave up the Electro-Chemle treatment I feel very sunf that
rny cure was a thorough and permanent one. I had Intended to publish this testimonial
when I gave up the treatment, but I decided to wait and see If the resulU would tape"
n £ n .? n . ,? m uV ery " ure now th "- t mjr cur * l * a lasting one and for that reason have de-
cided to make this public statement of my cure by the Electro-Chemle treatment and to
recommend It to other sufferers who are In need of It."
(Slcned)
MRS. A. G. IVERSON. 2015 Center st, Berkeley. CaL
OTHER ELECTRO-CHEMIC SPECIALTIES
.—Trl* C1X !? lic tr «* t3a « B * *¦ i"* *¦ ¦ncce««fnl in other serious mala4i*i,
sad th« follower diseases ar* aulckly. taorouglily and cheaply cured, m^dt no
otter treatment. W* extend a cordial inrlUtlon to sufferers tram anToxths i?I-
iS^l^Sf^JL^ COm- f0^ 1^* # «a»al*»tton. examination and trial treitnsnt!
QUicldy, cheaply and without operation: *"
CAKCEES, TXTM0K8, OLD TTLCERS. ECZEMA, KHEtTMATISM. VSTTKAT
OIA. LOCOMOTOE ATAXIA. PABALTSIS. DEAPKESS^ HEAD «X«S Oa"
DIA»ETES, DTSPEPS1A. PII.ES, aU Diseases of the STOMACH. LITEirrn 1
HOME TREATMENT
Th« riectro-Cheniic home treatment is most successful.. Patients Uring at a
distance are loaned, rree of charre. an expensive ElectrcChemto outfltTwhe£
posjIWe it is always best forthe patient to pay one visit to the offlee for a thoE
ourh personal examination. When this is impossible the patient should writ. la
lull description of the principal symptoms, and full instructions rerirdlnr the
Horn* CTsmmstion and treatment wiU be promptly forwarded, f ree ofdjirie.
THE ELECTRO=CHEMIG INSTITUTE
118 Grant Avc, Corner Post St.,
%vi 6AN FRANCISCO.
OFFICE HOURS— % a, m. to 6 p. m. and 7 to 8 p. m.. daily. Sundays 10 a.m.
te 1 p. in.
KJEJPA&&.TZ; 47JJKTKSYT8 TQX JiADXSS AW© OEWTLEMEW.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
{HUSEUH OF flHATOMY^
0 M0 U3X)U3ZITST.ttt.t:ai7tb,3.1 l .CaL4
\ Cj Th. Lamtt Aaatoaini Mmn •¦ th t >
6 fl^g A DB. JQRDAN-DISEASE3 CF BE3 4
# I ]B«O Tr " n "«< pertoB«], r sr bf )wt«r. A B
\ § W T*\ * J^*«>» CW. m eTer Tt »« an <l«rt«kni. V
U P if llV *'«« for B«k. PBILOHOPay «r I
™ fl \\* MAnniAasE. mailed nu. (at
X ii U, nhitbt. bwk for mm) \
Y DU. JOCDAH A CO.. 10S1 Market St.. Cr 9
OCEA1T TRAVEL.
eBtcamera Ieav* Brocdway
wharves, piers 9 and IX.
San Francisco:
For Ketchllcaa. Wrma»«l.
Junean. Ha!n«» Ekacway.
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m. Jus*
1». 24. July S. Chans* to
Company's steamers at 8»-
attle.
Vor Victoria. Vaaeorrrw.
Port Townwad, Seattl*. Tacoma. Everett.
BelllnKham— 11 a. m.. June 19. 24. July R.
Change at Se&ttla to this company's ¦teanwra
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattl* or Ta-
coma to N". P. Ry. : at VancouTer to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:8*
p. m.. June 21. 27 July 3. Corona, 1:30 p. m.«
Juno 18. 24. 30 July «.
For Los Angeles (via Port Tjo» Abs*!** aatf
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Baxbarar—
Eanta Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los An/celes (via San Pedro and EaaC
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crus, Uoo-
tersr, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo), Ventnra and Ranernt.
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. June IS. 24. July 3.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. June 20. 2S. July 9.
For Ensenada. Mascdalena Bay. San Jo** 6al
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Hex.). 10 a, m.. 7th «acn mo.
ALASKA EXCVRSIONS. S«a»0B 1904— Th«
palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria June 21.
July 5. 19, Aur. 2. 18.
For further Information obtain folder. Ittxnt
la rptvrved to chann •*»amer» or salllnjt data*.
TICKET OPnCXS — t New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way wharves TTelg-ht OQot, 10 Market «t.
C. D. DUNAXX. General Passenger A«ea*.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. /?. A iV. CO.
COLUMBIA sails Jun* 19. 28. July 8. 1* aai
28. GEO. W. ELJ>ETR sails Jun« 21, July 1.
11 21 and 31. Only steamship lino to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portlaaii
to all points East. Through tickets to all'
points. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear St. at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pass. Dept.. 1
Montgomery St.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
0ceanic$.5XO.S£S£
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. June 23. 11 am.
8. 8. MARIPO3A. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a. m.
8. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, July 7, 2 p. m.
I.D.SPEICmS & ESOS. Ca,Azti,Tic£lt 0352 543 !ir«
let Fitiz»t 02ici32J Uirutii; Pur I. mis fe !
tOMPAGMIE GE^SSILS TSAN3ATI.ASTI33i
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday instead «f ¦««TiSS&
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. * < * y| "^' i *'
North River, foot of Morton st.
First cliss to Uavre, }70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 AND
CANADA 52 Broadway (Hudson bulldlng>.
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents,- 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
¦ ¦
To T7. S. NaTy Yard and Vallejo.
STMRS. GEN. FRISBIE. MOXT1CELLO and
ARROW — 9:43 A. M.. 12:3i> noon. 3:15 P.
M.. 0:00 P. M.. S:3O P. M. (ex. Sunday);
Sundays 9:45 A. M.. 8::u» I\ M. Leave Val-
lejo 7:00 A. M.. 9:CO A. M.. 12:.To NOON.
3:15 P. M.. 6:00 P. M. (exl Sunday); Sun-
days 7:fK> A. M.. 4:15 P. M*. Landing ami
off.ee. Pier 2. foot Mission st. I'hona Main
1508. HATCH BROS.
To U. S. Navy Yard iind Vallejo.
. 8tmr* H. J. Corcoran — Leaven S. K. foot of
Clay St.. north end of ferry btdg. — Week days.
9 -5D A. M.. 3 and r» P. M.; Sundays. 9:.»
A. M.. S P. M. Leave Vallejo— Week day^.
B-.ftO A.M.. 12:20 and 3:3O V. M.; Sundays. I
p M. Fare, '2Zc each way. Excurulon rates.
Sundays to Vallejn. Glen Cove and Martinez.
BOc rourvi trip. PIPER. ADEN GOODALA.
CO., paoa% Mala Ul. 'iiturJay ticejrte*.
SEE PAGES
42 to 47.
fl BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
I T O L E T FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED,
HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
1 TIONS WANTED. HELP WANTED. AND A THOU-
§§«- SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
PAGES 42 TO 47 INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.
C" FORCE" gives * you real strength
and gumption, so that you like to work.
Clt's a great cure for hot-weather
laziness.
The will te work comes from certain constituents In food — th«
Phosphates, Nitrocen, and Protelds.
Certain foods are richer in these constituents thaa others, and
are converted more readily into Energy.
T FORCE ** is one of those foods concentrated.
It consists of the vital things in Wheat— the Phosphates, Nitro-
gen, and Dextrin, pre-<Jijest ed far enou* h to assimilate almost as
socn as eaten.
Serve edd (or hot) with real cream, or fruit.
ADVERTISEMENTS. 7 »'V
••'-^"f. Railroad ticket will be f?iven free to every purchaser upon payment of first $4, entitling purchaser to a free ride from Los Angeles to San
Diego and return, good until September 30, on any train daily.
- * ¦ ¦'"¦^J -
. imUKmi
Free ride by any train, daily, from Jan Francisco to San Diego and return to San Francisco to every purchaser of nine (9) lots, upon pay-
ment of first $36. Good returning until September 30.
Free ride by any Pacific Coast S. S. Co.'s steamer every third day, meals and berth free, first class, from San Francisco to San Diego and
return to San Francisco, to every purchaser of six (0) lots, upon payment of first $24. Good returning until September 30.
Rf I V A I dfVT ATtAM mipVw We Own Io6a Lots at Ocean Beach
* v D \J I Jh% L*\J I J?\ 1 O/\ll| UilL\P\J Within the City Limits of San Diego.
For a limited time we will sell at only $100 per lot. Price will soon be raised.
WE TRUST THE PEOPLE. WE HAVE CONFIDENCE IN OUR PROPERTIES— We sell on most liberal terms. Send your first payment
to our office and receive contract, as well as receive transportation ticket free, entitling- you to a free ride to San Diego and return, as
above stated. • . . ~i
DON'T DELAY. NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY— Remember that everybody who has purchased lots from us has made large profits.
WE GUARANTEE 25 PER CENT INCREASE IN ONE YEAR— Or we will then refund all the money paid us, with 6 per cent per annum in-
tj}^£i SJ'Otnr lie*** %p&& Q 1 £OHC0«e««l^O lIaXGl*6St«««*l^«O 1 3X6S
f f (T '^\ ~<- * "• -¦";, -' ' - • . 7" ' ''^^aMMiaiHflbf ~~~* - '''*'*' * f "*^ > f' f "\
- «m Ullltn II 'IIBBISI 1 1 III Hail III- 1 - ¦*¦-«> *>-X -¦-¦>¦ -*-^r*^w.ev— . / >-., - lMr "" ¦"¦T - f * . -s ... —«n. - 1? A"f"1 f |*t*l
•"•*»»* THE OBANB THEOSOPHtCAI. HOMESTEAD. CLOSE TO OUB 3X)TS. CE11W IV^lUl 11
Send Your First Payment to Our Office, Get Contract and Transportation Ticket Free.
We Will Trust You for the Rest. We Give Warranty Deeds Guaranteeing Perfect Title.
With the Panama Canal, the Short Line railroad to Imperial, $3,000,000 being spent by the Government for irrigation works near Yuma
and $2,000,600 by John D. Sprcckels for the finishing of the great irrigation system near San Diego.
SAX DIEGO IS BOUND TO GROW AND PROSPER.
- Remember our guarantee of 25 per cent increase. Send your first payment to our office, secure lot and free ride.
We guarantee 25 per cent increase. For $4 down and $4 a month until paid for we will sell a regular lot at Ocean Beach, within the city
limits of San Diego, facing on ¦80-foot avenue, subject to the following guarantee from us: If at the expiration of one year from purchase this
$100 lot is not worth $125— or 25 per cent increase — based on the price at which our corps of salesmen will then be selling similar lots, we will
refund all the money, paid us with 6 per cent interest additional. If the purchaser should die at any time before payments have been com-
' plcted. we will give to his heirs a deed of the lot without further cost. If he should lose employment or be sick he will not forfeit the land.
AMONG OUR PURCHASERS ARE THE FOLLOWING LEADING CITIZENS: W. H. Carlson. ex-United States Special Commis-
sioner of Railroads of Cuba; J. G. Estudillo, ex-State Treasurer of California; F. H. Dixon. ex-State Harbor Commissioner, and others. The
President of our Company, William H. Carlson, was Mayor of the City of San Diego for four years
' Send for Further Information, Illustrated Prospectus, Map, Etc., Mailed Free.
Carlson Investment Co., *™*h m s o °i! r^i^Lh^f Ies ,
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
ft." ' : ' — ~
\\ BLATZ method' is generally commented i
_fi on as most remarkable and unique, for i
mjl§^ the reason that in most every par- M
yjs^sfy' ° ticular it is original 'from a brewer's |
yV~?^8\ poirit oi vieiV. • tj
.»"' \^i The very choicest of every com- H
v^ V'a ponent part of the Blatz brews is H
\\ Yfll the invariable rule. Only the best j
/Y 5\« °^ otner Earth's crop is ever con- ||
/ -^C^k s^ ere^* The result is a beer of ||
I honest quality, with a goodness all |j
n \.^v its own. ;?.*iii- 1 '
II vn.>_>>^ Always the Same Good Old "Blatz? H
\ZP^~&^ BLATZ MALT- VI VINE- (Non-Intoxicant) ¦
l^P^ —^> . A HALT TOHXO Cj
pv'll For Convalescents and Run-Down Systems, j*j
W VAL. BLATZ BREWING CO,, Milwaukee I
SAM BIBO ®> CO., 1
iB^a^. WS0Z.£SAX<S SEAZ.EXS. ,212 BATTEBT STEETT, 13
.,.,.._'" :. '.;{ Baa rraaclfco. ZtJU HaLx 6853. . STO SXJBSCniBEKS LEAVING TOWX
POK THE SUMMER.
CAI.Ii gnbscriberi conteaplstiax * !
cfcjLSfe at rests ex ce dttrlnjr the nmiatr !
mostlis caa hava tielr paper I or-.varded ¦
oy irn" to their new address by notify- j
is.g T3S CALL BnstccKS OSce. TUi '
paper wiU also be on sale at o!l ssmzacr -
resorts tna is represented tor a local j
¦feat is all towns en tie coast.
Swindled by Lottery Man.
Lira. A. Cecil, 1323 Ellis street, re
ported to ?he police yesterday that a
nyui telliru; lottery tickets called at
her house on Friday afternoon and
ehe bought on?. Not ha vinsr • change.
ehe gave him a $5 sold' piece. He
left, promising to get it changed at
tbe corner grocery, but did not re
turn-
WT--n 'otimi was 5i?t in town lie r»'A "O*re
v:?.* r.o Gilt Hige wJiUk'-y" where he*a t>rm.
-Mutt htvc Lt-cn to trie rr.->on," guessed Smith.
r. : fcuisaei, that Sriith. . • •
Celtic Union Elects Officers.
A largely attended meeting of dele
gates to the Celtic Union assembled
la»t evening at K. R. B. Hall to elect
off cers for the romin? year. The fol
lowing were elected: Thomas M.
Seary. president: P. H. Flynn, vice
president; Thomas Alford, recording
secretary ; J- P. Hare, finnnc^al sec
retcry; John lluthern, treasurer; B.
J v S:':ver, sergeant at arms; J. D. Con
don Sr.. IS. Mtrrisan, P. T. O'Dowd.
board of trustees; Jeremiaii Deasy,
William Hudson, E. P. Hogan, J. B.
BaSgerty, Hiss J. Di!lorr, Miss Nora
McCarthy. Miss'A. Tierney, executive
ccmr:!tt?e. I: . U
The Swedish residents cf San Fran
cisco and Oakland will celebrate "Mid
cummer day" on Friday next at Shell
Mound Park, Berkeley. In Sweden
"Midsummer day" Is the most prom
inent of all national holidays and
Benrea to bring back to mind, among
all classes, cherished memories of child
hood.
The programme for the afternoon will
consist of a selection of Swedish mel
•dles by the orchestra, raising of the
May pole. Introductory remarks by the
;-r-35ident of the day. It. Dybergh, an
cratjon in Swedieh by Professor P.
Olnos. instructor at Stanford Univer
sity, a potpourri of Swedish songs by
the orchestra, an oratlen in English by
the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pastor of the
English Lutheran Church, national
rtir.res In costum/e by six couples, races
fi r valuable prfzee. May pole dances
ar.i miniature balloon ascensions.
A prominent feature in all Midsum
mer day celebrations is the crowning
of a May queen, and on this occasion
the Misses Ida Andersoc. Inez Fred
rikson and Hilda Olson will vie with
each other for that honor. A popular
vote will be cast and during the even
ing: the lucky j-oung lady will be
crowned with all pomp and splendor.
Queen of the day.
The programme arranged for the
evening will be equally attractive. At
S o'clock e torchlight parade will be
formed on the race track, and, led by
the May Queen and her attendants,
will march to the pavilion, where her
Majesty will be crowned. Following
the coronation the orchestra will play
popular Swedish melodies, the Swedish
Singing Society will entertain with
their Swedish folk songs, a national
dance by twelve young ladies and
gentlemen, attired in national costume,
will follow and then "America" will
be sung by the Swedish Singing So
ciety and the audience. As a fitting
close to the programme an elaborate
pyrotechnical display will be given.
Festivities will continue until 11
o'clock.
The following committees have the
affair in hand:
Executive. Alex Olsson, R. Dybergh,
Mrs. Fred Johnson, Axel Pihlstrom,
Miss Hulda Bordln. Gottfrid Petterson,
I* Glsslow. Emil Hogberg. J. Okerblad,
Ch. Ramberg. Ed Anderson and G.
Fohlin; reception. L. Gisslow, John
Sfhill. Ch. Berg, E. Carlson, G. Fohlin,
Andrew Anderson. C. Carson. Algot
Larson. Alf Ar.derson. Dr. O. Gruggel,
C. Rubin. O. E. Rosberg and Alf Han
son; fireworks. Emil Hogberg and Pon
tus Franklin; race*. Ch. Ramberg;
• ilobr manager. C. J. Larson; assistant
floor manager, Hjalmar Mattcon; floor
committee, D. Molander and Charles
Olson.
Swedes From Both Sides of
Bay Will Gather at
Shell Mound.
BTAXTORO rXIVERSrTT VTICTVIS
SOR. "VTHO "CTTLL DELIVER ORA
TION AT TUB SWEDISH HIO.IC
ARE PREPARING
TO MAKE MERRY
ON FEAST DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1004.'
31
GRAND OPENING
and Dedication of the Exten-
sive Beach Improvements at
i 1
Saturday Ev'ng, June 1 1 j
Grand Fireworks Display by California
Fireworks Co. Brilliant Electrical Illu-
minations of Pacific Ave. and Esplanade.
Neptune Casino. Plunge Baths and Pleas-
ure Pier. Third Artillery Band. U. S. A..
Concert and Ball.
Special Excursions via S. P. Ry
CAZADERO
Th* Gem of All Kortaera Betreats.
Grove, rorert. Olade and Sell.
Crest, Canyon, Hill and Sale.
Encll, Knol), Peak and Mountain.
The home of the trout and the haunt of the
deer. Reached over the North Shore Ry.. via
Sausal'to Ferry.
A year ago I Ie3*ed this resort for a num-
ber, of yeari. To-day I have the pleasure to
te!l 70U tbat. owing to lart season's big and
unprecei!?nte<l partonase. i have purchased this
raapnincent dorcaln of over 12C0 acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop-
erties. Insuring the best of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building containing a bowling alley has_
been added al*o a new tennis court, and boat-
ing and batolng on the river, all free to guests. .
Fre» camping; ground." in the Caxadero gtant "
redwoods from Mar until October, but sani-
tary rulrn must be compUed With. a
Lots, one-quarter acre for sale from $100
up. ar.<l cottages built to suit at city figures.
Take pausalito Ferry via North Fhore Rail-
roid. Hound trip good for a'.x months. $-1 73
Round trip. Friday till Monday. $3; no stag-
ing: depct on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
teges. f2 per day: $10 to $14 per week; special
rate by \the month.
For partl-Mjlars other than herein given writ*
J. J THIRION*. ow>-<>r and manager. Hotel del
Cazadero. Sorsotna Co.. Cal.. or North Snore
R. R. office. C28 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Every on? know* that Adaras water cures
stomach, ilver and k.dney diseases.
WHY EXPERIMENT? I
For further particulars write to W. R. PRA-
YHER. .
nif f> OBI Irct Springs; on line South.
I I W I I I I Kl ' rn Pacific: 2Vi hours front
KI K I I IS yan Francisco. 3 trains
! 3 1 Ma daily; luxurious mineral
LJ I II V 11 and SQUd baths;, hotel
unique in cuisine service
am! appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bureau, 613 Market tt.. Peck's Bureau. 11
Montgomery st.. or H. R. WARNER. Byron
Hot .Sprints. Cal
LYTTON SPRINGS
N*w management: no staging: depot on
grounds: phene; fare $2 40; Tibnron ferry;
rates $10 to $!."> week: table first cLlss: our
nwn dairy: hot mineral baths: ewtnming tank;
livery; t>UI1«iri?"»: croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery »t.. or BARKER &
RO£S. Lytton Sprincn. Sonoma County. Cal.
LAKE TAKOS RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving S. F.
at P:03 p. m. Returning, cennects at Truckee
with train reaching S. F. at 7:&O a. m.
TAKOE TAVEB3T — Situated on the
shores of Lake Tahoe, the largest and most
beautiful bcJy of water In the world at this
elevation. Is now open for the accommodation
of guests. The tavern will be cenducted this
season by Mr. F. W. Richardson, manager of
California's famous mission hotel. The Glen-
wood. Riverside, which Is sufficient guarantee
that It will be strictly first class. The table
will be supplied with all delicacies of the sea-
son, while fishermen will be constantly em-
ployed to furalth lake trout. For rates address
F. TV. RICHARDSON.
THE TALLAC £i£g a
New open. The Summer Report of America.
European plan only. Cafe first class. Prices rea-
konab'p Resident physician. No consumptive*.
Pamphlets at S. P. office. «13 Market street.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO.. Tallac. Cal.
¦BROCKWAY
Lake Tahoe. .
OPENS JUNE 1st.
Write FRANK B. ALVERSON.- Mgr..
nrockway. CaL
ETJBICOW PAEIC — A delightful resqrt
on snores of Lake Taboe. Best sandy be:sth
for bathing on the lake. Fine By fishing and
bunting in season. Beats, fishing tackle and
horses at raoderat* hire. Rates K a day or
from $10 to 116 per week. P. O. and t»I*phpne.
A. L. FHO3T. Rub!ccn Park. Lake Tahc*. Cal.
"tss oaovi."
Lake Tah>e featf a mJ- fast of TaUac, ea
lake efcore: rates fZ.vO a. day: $10.00 a week;
meals 5oc. Good tnidle horses and the- best
of livery. Boats .free to all guests. - J. E.
PARMETER. proprietor. Tallar. Cal.
LAKE SHORE HOUCr — Glenbrook.
Nev. Cottagts W> rent $i up, l»i-claxt board, milk
and cram. fr«»h vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
nCED D4DV IVW and e«ttages; 6 mfi» from
DECK I Avh inn Lake Taboe; open June 1;
elevation C5TT feet: mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office. 30 Montgomery st.
- . J. B. SCOTT. \Deer Pari. Cal.
Y.'HITITET HOXTSS.
Truekee Cal. 'The l«-ati!ns hotel. Headqnar-
i ters for 'tourists and commercial men. Snmmer
¦ and winter remit. M>al rtaticn for passen-
gers' Stage for lJ»ke» Imlependence end Web-
ber Camobetl Hot fsrlngs anj SlerravUle.
STEWART McKAT. proprietor. .. !
INDEPENDENCE LAKE
Kic-'ilr.s; brtt.->: tabl?; climate per-
fect: '1<! mlle«i Jrern Truckee. In an unbroken
forest. Fer information inquire at Traveler
office. 30 Montgomery et.. Peck's Information
rturrcti. or Mrs. K. M. demons. Truckee. Cal.
! SUMMER RESORT. SFORT3MKNS LODGK.
I Fourih *tnaon. 8ierra attractions. ¦ California's
i largest rainbow Jiatch^ry. Finest ashing. Q.
It. FOULKS. Vcrdl. Nev.. or Nevada bioclt.
Barf Francisco. - . ; . •- ¦ .
CAifcpBsiii. sot spxzsras.
In Sltrra isrvada Mountains. «iztri» County.
6CC0 fet-t elevation. • Ar«- Iwautlsully located
at the head, of th" great 5-teim. Valley, M,
miie* long by i vrAUt wide, surrounding which
Is the great primeval lorrm of pine and fir. A
bptcialty Is made' of the table. The hot spring*
are uitequaled for the cure at - rheumatism,
gcut, Hver anj kidney complaints and all blood'
and skin diseases. Rates for room and board.
' $11 to $12 per week. " Round trip from San
> Francisco to springs via Boca, $U SO. Stage
dally except Sunday, connecting with Q d. ta.
, uaJA trua S«o Franclsae*
Tuscan
Mineral Springs.
• OPEN EVEET OAT IJI THS YEAS.
TO WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: A year and
tffree months ago I was attacked with that
terrible disease, locomotor ataxia. Power to
balance, stand, or «ven sit down, entirely lost.
Two b«st doctors of San Francisco and Hot
Spring.*. Ark., failed to help me. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work. I had
catarrh of stomach, head and bladder as a re-
sult of the dizeaae; these troubles became
chronic. At times rr.y heart would beat like a
drum, my eyes grew weak, my memory bad.
my nerves wrecked. Three months ago I weat
to Tuscan Springs. What happened since w««
a pleasant surprise to m«. Drank the waters,
took the baths — after three weeks' treatment
stomach, bowels, bladder and kidneys ta per-
fect condition, eyeaight perfect, nervousness
gone, memory good. After three months' treat-
ment, walked without a cane, with eye* elosed
and up and down steep hills; am cared of this
dread disease, now walk with slight limp.
Have run stores in seventeen towns of the
State of California: am well known in down-
town districts of San Francisco: Inquiry there
wH! prove truth of my helpless condition three-
months a*;o. Further information. addTees
LOUI3 JACOBS. 6 Stockton St.. San Francisco,
Ca!.
We have hundreds of testimonials from
others. Send SOc In stamps for bottle of
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round-trip Ueketa
at PMluced rates. Southern Pacific.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS COR?.,
Tuscan. Cal.
VACATION 1904
IS NOW READY FOR DISTRIBUTION
"VACATION" is issued an-
nually by tbe
California Northwestern R'y
THE PICTC3BSQC3.R3CTE Of C1V.1 OitXI I,
and Is ths standard publication
on the Pacific Coast for Informa-
tion regarding-
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS,
COUNTRY HGMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
This year's edition. "Vacation
1904," contains over 150 pages,
beautifully Illustrated, and Is
complete in its detailed informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc.. with
terms' from $7.00 per week up.
¦ To be had at Ticket Offices. 650 Market
Street (CT.rr nlcla Building), and Tlburon Ferry.
foot of -Market Street: General Office. Mutual
Life Building, corner of Sansome and California
Streets. San Francisco: la Oakland at 973
Broad war.
Application* t>y Man 'Will BecelTt Im-
mediate Bespoas*.
JAS ll FRAZIER. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Gen'l Pass'r Agent.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting. fis&Ia*.
boatta;. launch, horses. Unnls. croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser In bathhouse, dob-
house. »tc. Increased accommodations, modern
con/eniences. Scenery unsurpassed Table «
specialty. Rates per week. S10 to $13. Photo*
and Information at Cbatfl-Id * Vtazent's. 228
Montgomery si. or LEE P. CRAIQ. Manager.
Soda Bay. KeUeyville P. O.. Lake Co.. CaL
LAKE COUNTY
New, comfortable carriages direct to th*
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stags lla> in the State. Leaves Calls*
togs dally (Sundays excepted) st 11:30 a. n..
direct to Harbin. Seigler, Adams, Howard. An-
derson. Hobergs. Spiers. Astorgs and G'.en-
brook: half hour for lunch at Caltstoga: also to
Middletown Lower Lake. Kelsejnrille. aad
Lakeport. "Livery !n connection. . ,
WM. SPIER3. Proprietor.
PACK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, Col
Under nsw management. Up to date. Beau-
tiful grounds. Running stream and pond wttn,
good fishing. Playgrounds for children. ,Fres
carriage meets all trains. J. D. CgT^.i^^lgr.
LA HONDA AND PSSCADBRO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; 9
a. m train 3d and Townsend. and 9:20 a. m.
train' from San Jose connect with stages direct.
Address \t ALTER KWU3HT. Redwood City.
Cal. ¦ ¦¦ - ' : ¦
AKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE— Hooland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at HoDland. Leave Hopland at 12:30:
arrive at Lakeoort at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at ?:3O. New O- horse 14-passenger
tourist wagonp. with alt tbe most modern Im-
provements. PaisengeTS for Lakeport or B*rt-
Mt Springs, rail for tickets by Bartlett SPrtnga
Stage Line. - Tickets can be purchased at office
cf California N. W. Ry.. 650 Market et.. or
at "TUniron 1 ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Propa.
WHITE SUL?HT;» SPKXWOS. VaUeJo,
Cal Most accefcSlule springs tw Kranclscu;
round trtu |1. n» stage fare; only 2\>j hours"
ri<le; . 5 mllea from Vallejo: hot. cold and
plursfe -sulphur bath*; wonderful cures of rheu-
matSn. neuralgia, eczema, kidney, Uver and
rtorrJch diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak*
for txmtlna and bathing. Dancing' pavfl.'cn.
New bowlinx alley and shuffie board. Rates.
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
CALITOEJUA HEDWOOD 7AS3C (Big
Hasin) — Un'.on'MHl Camp and Tavern; 8 mliea
i! cm BouMer Crerk U. K. station. Dally stage.
Kainily table. Furnished cabins: camping
grounds; $8 and $10 per week. Under the gianc
retlwoods; perfect climate; grand scenery.
••SEPP" GRAHAMER. Boulder Creek. CaL
tJJTOgKB'S FAS3C OasraeTills.
' a resort for your family. Partly fumUaed
eotuge*, %V2 per month and ' up. Tents aad
platlorms. Near Rusiuan River. Board aa.*
icon, at t~ SO per wcclc See PECK'S. U
Montrorcery st: " * '
M OUIT2AI3T VIXW iAUCH E0TE1
1 "ani cottages, in the mountains, near Santa
Crus F!rst-«laSB table and accora.. gas. baths,
phene dally mall, bowling, croquet, awuee-
| rents': terms. $9 up. Campers to Olenwood/Ine
\ carries:-. $:: 75 round trip. FUKDRRICK^Z-V
[ * SirTTOa. suc'sto F. n. DUNN. Santa Crux.
OOCTDESTT Al. HOTEL H ATVT AJU33,
Ftrct-Class r»i*ort; iennt» trwjuet. bowlla*.
amusement hall, etc. Special rates to fimlUes).
Terms ttnsocable. A. GAUDARD. Prirp.; poos*
Black Ml. ¦¦ '
WILLOW RANCH, delightm!!? located ia
-»d weeds 5 miles fr«rn Santa Cnia. Spring
, w*ter" irult. rj'Ut. e-tcellect UbU: dally mail;
¦ i *t^v itrvt Tt!.»- *T Ti-ek: phon- Suburban 87.
i } MJt3. »V. (RANDEU^ Cruz. Cal.
1 scHAxrEn's QKOV2 — BC33 "»rAiiirr.
, Fr^vai* b-iarJinj; s-rr.^-r rvasunable. le^ru
m««-ts Sunday mornlnx iralni. AJ4ress Mrto.
i" MATT MX P.* AT n«w« Station
i RTTTEZSrDi: UOTEZ, aai COTTAOES
, Near beach; SU acrns beauiifui grounds; «p^
' eial rates to famlllea: write for booklet. •*.
' SARSON. Proprietor, Santa CtU
BARTLETT
BARTLETT does not guarantee to
cure all the ills that humanity la
heir to, but thousands of people
have been benefited by the use of
Bartlett Water and many cured.
If you would improve ycTur health,
and have a grand gqod time, come
to Bartlett Springs, where there is
a resident physician, a manager of
amusements and competent mas-
seurs.
Housekeeping cottages, J3 00 to
$G 00 per week.
Send for a tio'Stt^t . that will tell
you all about ttartlett. . *
Write J. K. McMAHAN. Bartlett
Springs, Cat, or call at 2 Sutter St.,
San Francisco.
_Jgilrgy^_
[hot springs
For health and pleasure. Reno-
vated and improved. Water
unsurpassed for rheumatism,
kidney, liver and stomach trou-
ble. Trained masseur. Long
distance phone. Trains from
Third and Townsend at 9
a. in. and 3 p. m. Write for
pamphlets.
R. ROBERTSON.
"Where in the world shall
we go?" Easily answer-
ed—
You' will find simon-pure
enjoyment there whether
. you are lively or quiet.
Just send for booklet.
Aetna Springs Co., Napa
County, Cal.
Santa Gatalina Island
oU Hours From Lcs Angeles. Season I'JOi.
Oar Famous Marina Bend. ,
Hunting mountain goat, tailing^ bathlnc
golf, tennis and th* finest nshinz on the
larai Life a Spec al Feature.
Hundred* of furnished tents at reason-
able rate*.
Hotel Metro-jQle.
Modern In all particulars.
For further Information address
PECK"S INFORMATION BUREAU. It
Montjomery Ft., or BANNING CO.. 222 S.
I Spring »t.. Los Armies.
iiiOT SPRINGS
Why Is It so Immensely popular? Because
[ of its many wonderful facilities for health ami
plcasurt-. Our Natural Steam and Plunge Baths
' and stomach, waters are a positive cure for I
R&eumatlsm, Malaria, Bladder. Liver. Kidney
and all- -Momach Troubltn. Arsenic Beauty
| ISath", Svimminff. Orchestra, Dairy, Electric
i Lights; fit) to ?1U per week. Ditths and amufte-
: mer>ts fre<?. Booklets Peck>, 11 flionuc'y st.,
S. P. Co ., 01.". Market, or H. H. McGOWAN,
; Hi-i:\or. Lake Co. • -
; I- are reduced to $9 round; trip.
DR,. C. CO DOlSnSTEIjIj'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best ramping, picnic and pleasure re-
Bert on the coast. The irreatest remedy for
lung dl?eaF*. liver and stomach complaints.
rheumatism snd catarrh In the world; 4G
I miles from S. F. The 8. P. R. R. and 8. F.
j <: N. P. R. R. zlve special rates to campers;
i SO cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
! no fogs nor y-oison oak at the park; mineral
| v.-.it'-r. boats, bathing and fishing free. Meals
I «¦< rv«<i at Hotel Riverside at reasonable rate*.
' Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. offlc*
10211'. Market «t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh, San
Francisco.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America.
THE KOB3ON ORCHESTRA COMPANT
and DR. MONROE CALLENDER will furnish
the t>«?£t isttale ever played at any resort In
the Btate. Boating, RwlmminK, marine tobog-
gan, mineral springs, new livery. EDOAR
j DURNAN. 'owner and proprietor. Laurel Dell
j r. O.. Lake County, Cal. .
j m roa takf xecsesi new englahd homki
• Located In a beautiful grove closa to the
lake; fine playground for tbe children; cwlngs,
oroiutt. bowline and tennis, boating and bath.
Ir.g. pavilions with planoa. fresh fruita In
plenty. Board and lodging, only St; to $7 per
| week. Addrc«s GEORGE HARISON, Camp
! Meeker, Sonoina County. . . T
! HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
| Santa Crux Mountains,
j Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau.
' ll Montgomery, or S. P. Cc, CIS Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. Cal.
M. SB. R. TOCALOMA Harla C».
' Bertrand Hotel: first- claas accommodations,
Fpeclal rates for Umillca and parties: nshinjr,
hunting, boating, bathing; boautlful drives .ta
Bear Valley: telephone. JOSEPH K. BER-
TTtAND. or Bulletin Office, every ..Thursday, 2
¦' to 4 p. m: ' .
' BELLEV7E UOTEIf, £1 Veraao, So-
nois> Co., Cal Ti-jr.s. *i day and up; I hot
mineral springs near by. Long distance tel«.
phone; daily mall. JOHN SEIIRES, Proprietor.
THE GEYSERS
Th* Most ramoni Health and Pleasure
Resort la Oaiilonrla.
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unsur-
panaed and tht waters are acknowledged the
best on the .market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hamrr.am baths. Swissailns; lake of tepid
mlrera: water. Boating, liontlnic, nshlr.fr.
danclnjj, Miutfle-board, billiards and croquet.
.THE HOTEL. AND COTTAGES have been
rrr.ova;>d thrcushout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable In connection tilth the hotel. The
hotel, eottasts. bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hot'l will be supplied with the Ifest the
market affords. Hater. $10. ?12. $14 and tin
per week. Kcr further particulars and booklet
write R. II. CURRY. I»rop. The Geysers.
Sonoma County, California. .
AguaCaliente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this b"Auttlut and icmantic ;pot: otwri all the
rear rv.ur.d; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
Sai Kranclsvo. ttniperature 113 degrees: no
FUxSne; fare >1 10; *ure cure lor rheumntlsm,
u«thnin an<3 all hlndred ailments. We have five
different Hot .<>ulprutr Springi; tub and plunjte
baths and th» larK^st mineral water *wlramlng
ta.nk In the fifftte. T*bl* »rul rooms ar« ftnt
rlase. Hates J2 ptr day. J12 to $14 per week, i
Sp'Cial rutts to families and half rates to chll- '
rtren. Inquire at peek's. 11 Montjtom»ry »t..
nr adrtrejn TITKO. KICHAHD"?. A«ua C'allente
Sf.rlrgi". 8rr.ci»a County. Callfrrnla.
V> have »rwted a xtone bulldinc, modem ¦
dlrilrig-rncm: can sent 400 guests. i
/
WHY NOT SPEND YOUB
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE j
MENT-GOLF, GLASS- |
ROTTOrrlED EOATS, SUDF !
AND POOL QATHING, j
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL j
TERMS TO FAMILIES. !
GEO. P. SHELL, MANAGER, j
ft^yj/>/Srt HOT SPRIXC3. SONOMA
Ot\/iUijU COUNTY: en!y 4Vi hours
from San Francisco anil
- , . m ~ mm ~ tut 0 miltf ,./t»Kiiisr *t«-
t«r» noted Mr -medicinal virtue*; beat natural
htt mtnera! bath in but?; boating and
iwimmipj In Warm Spring tr»ek; good tnut
£tr«rarns; teleplione.' telegraph, daily mail.- ex-
press atrel San Francisco morning and evenin*
papers: KinST-CLAS8 HOTEL. AND STAGB
6KKVICB; both morning and afternoon stapes,
ronnd tr"ip from Sart Francisco only $3 SO. Take
Tlhuron ferry dally at 7U5u a. m. or 2:30 p. m.-
Rates J2 a day <,r $12 a week.' References, any
giiett ot i tbe p«it nine ytar«. S Patronage of
19a 1 : unprecedented Information at Tourist In-
foriratlcrj Pureau. it Montromery *U. or of
J. F. MULGHEW. Skafcss. Cal.
rE™ - SPBiNSS
MHS J. D. DRO?T and MRS. H. KOENER
will menace the spr^nrrs: many Improvement!! : |
new cenirnt bathhouse and gas all ever place; ¦
$2 day; $10 and $12 week. Office. HXt I.irkln i
*t., cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs. Santa |
Rosa. Rural No. 0.
j CAMP CURRY ;
G*t circulars at all railroad offices. ¦ 1
? Advertlred by 4000 guests. \
\ YOSEMITE.. t
« • ._ ¦..•.. •
T=tT .TTT=n
Ideal summer resort: mantlnc. boating.' flsh-
ihK. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAN. Mldluke P. O.. take Ca. Cal.,'
cr call on Dr. Happersberger. 1101 Market. 3. F.
¦ • • *
Faeiflc Grove, California. "The Little De!
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts
The r>Iace to rpend your vacation with your
family. . Surf bathlnc and fishing. Rates
with board 92 So a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Srnd for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address UEO. H. CORDY, Manngtr.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hoipltal: beet equipped on Coast: mod-
ern improvements; large treatment rooms;
Ideal location; *H» acres; one block lrom rtrest
cars; write for literature. San Jose. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS
Three miles from Uklah, Mcndoclno County.
Natural electric waters, rhampaxne h»t»'«.
Lovely grounds: flshin* end hunting: rry«tal
* frlng; iccommf.ilatlons and table first cla*a.
J. A. HEDEMEYEH. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS^
OPEN May 15. Two miles froni Hopland.
Fine medicinal water*. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week.
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health and pleasure
resort Is now open for the patronage of the
public: Addre«i I. JOHN JACOBS.
OwiShmct Horns 5 ££$£'&. CmDMeeker
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling $10
up: cottages built by Meeker. $50 up: dtpot;
stores; restaurant; hotel: post and express;
teiephorie: sawir.lll; !»0o lots sold; :;0O cottages
! built. Sausallto ferry. K. S. P.. R. n. C.
ilEEKEll. Camp Meeker, Sonoma • County.
TUXEDO HOTEL'.
Exten»Ively Improved since last teanon.
Qp-ned April 1. THOfi. L. BELL. Mgr.. Felton,
CaL >Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-cause,
foot of Market street,- Round trip, *3.0O.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
* Open June 1, new hotel; large dining-room.
telephone, bunting, f.ehlng, swimming, bowl*
ing, dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau,
30 1 Montgomery su DR. W. A. McCOHNACK,
proprietor. -;
EimtWOaTK IKK. •
ONB OF THE MOST BEAUTIFUL -RE-
SORTS IN MILL.. VALM5Y. opened under new
management.; AH kinds of amusement;" ex-
ceptional board; Sunday dinner a specialty.
Free bus to all trains.
AOYSSIISEHSNTS. ,
—IX—
Outing
— AXD —
Vacation
—for— i:
AND.
MEN'S NOR- «f*5 f\f\
FOLK KHA- j|»JoUU
KI SUITS, • *r
Best Khaki A €L'IT.
MEN'S &<* C?tf\
PLAIN KHA- Ji£,3U
KI SUITS, T* M ' -
C S. Ann)- Khaki. A SUIT.
CHILDREN'S QH_
SOLDIER KHAKI Q3C
SUITS, * ¥
Sites 3 to 8 yean*. A ST'lT.
BOYS' KHAKI CPU <^P»
U.S. Army Khaki ¦
Sizes 4 to 14. A SUIT.
BOYS' NOR- <&4 T*$\
FOLK KHAKI ral^U
SUITS,
Best Khaki.
Sites 4 to 14. A SUIT.
YOUTH'S £»<% r»f\|
KHAKI 3Ci^\J
¦ SUITS, t P i - l »^ v
Best Khaki.
Sites 14 to 19. • A SUIT.
Our Entire Line cf __ mK^ m
SI.CO WASH SUITS f- K^&
Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday ¦-« ¦¦*' v^
Eis*« 3 to 10 year».
Pure SUk BUSTER TETZ
BROWN BOWS 13C
For ChUdren,
BOYS' **£*
BIB OVERALLS, &jQ,
Heavy Brown Denim.
GIRLS' OVERALLS, r*f\^
Blue Denim. Fancy 7%iJC
nmmed. /
Men's and Boys' All- f% B '
Wool NORFOLK /ftC
GOLF CAPS, fa*^*'
All Our 50c and 75c I, r« _
STRAW SAILORS QjQ
for Children,
Fast Color GUN 41% 1 .
METAL SOCKS 1 A~C
Fancy checks and tis-^^ 1^ /
utcs. New designs.
SILCOTT UNDER- __ _
WEAR for Men, Q(\n
An Weal summer ftarment a_#V»L^
in Blue, Pink and Steel "^ ** '• r
shades. Dollar value.
MEN'S OUTING SUITS
TTc don't want to carry over a single
•ult. Fo we have placed ||H<% fi if\
our entire line of S10 and >|y Tk 1
X12.Z) two-piece cutlng aJJv,Jf>6«/\7
suits on eale at •
CHILDREN'S <JA.
BLOUSE WAISTS, IVC
Flies 3 to 10 year*. ** :^
Ruffled front, large sailor
collars. "'
FMIIBS,
That Great Big Store
CORNER
Kearny end Sacramento Sts.
MAIL ORDERS FILLED ,
F|ighlqr)d
Spripgs
Kas Mere Distinctive Points That Ap-
peal to Those (Join.? to tbe Country
Than Any Other Resort.
THE VARIETY AND EXCELLENCE
OF THE BATHS AND MINERAL
WATKttS; the many amusement* —
dancing, swimming, tennis, bowllng/cro- (
quet, shufileboard. etc.; a fine three-piece
orchestra; the shady grounds; electric 1
lights; . good table; plastered rooms; •
dairy: livery stable, etc, prove this.
Terms, $10.00 up.
For booklet and rates nddre.is
II. R. DUFFIN, 638 Market St.,
°- CRAIG & KERR.
niarhlanA SprisTS, take Co, Cal.
I Spend Your Vacation
ror Z&2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs W^^i ;
The most Weal resort for pleasure an! i ,
lifalth on the I'aclflc Coast. B-iy round j ,
tr'p ticket from Ran Francisco to San I ,
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. S.<n Luis
Ob-spo. CrI.. -and return, including stage l>
n and frt>tn yprincs and one we«k'i» j
board for fliaO.IMl i o J»U2.«K>. accor-JIng j •
> to location nt romifs. or bowrd and accorr.- ¦
mrdatloni »1>.<H» to S12.OO per week. .
Scen!e surroundings. frse tathtnz. j
brattr.K and flshlna on grounds. Fins
I fhady vtiiyp. ,t«n»t* ana croquet grounds '
! dance pavilion for cues'.s. Fine sea |
b*ach one mile from Met Sulphur Spring*.
Cottaees and furniture sre all new. Gus
1 throuKbout buildings and Kronndii. Chir
table is well supplied with the best the |
market afford*. Onr etaje meet* trains |,
[ arrlvins at San J-.uli> C'j'spo at 3:13 p. m. ;¦
¦ every <Jay (except SamJav).
'¦ This is no l»o»i>:taU^fyacatcrtum.
d""' ¦ "Pltcc'ted 'tn Vendcrre Park cf 12 j
U aero*, a charuilrg sntmner • resort; f
g both cliy and country" a JTanUges: B
S automobile 7irnne oti the grounds ¦
« free to pu^ts. Bathing pavilion, H
fl brwlniT aJler*. tennis, etc Ne-w au- g
O to road r.:.-.p of tbe county mailed on I
S application. §
S 1. T. BROOKS. Manager. U
" iKl ¦¦¦! Illl
PARAISO SPBiGS
Monterey CoDnty, Ca\
The most popular ranltary and health
resort In California. Completely renovated
and Improved. No wirds or foas. and ?ur-
passln^Iy grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and ruirhur baths, large
swimming tank and excellent table. Writ*
for booklet and particulars to F. \V.
SCHHOEDEU. Manager, or PECK'S I.N-
F"OKMATION BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
HOTEL ROWAHDENNAN
••IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SKA."
BEN LOMOND — Senta Crur County.
REGCLAR SEASON.
Opened May 15 under entirely new man-
scem-rt Hound trip trlckets from Han Fran-
rtsco *:s' For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery «t.. S. F.. or to WILLIAM O.
DODGE. Lessee. "
Harbin Springs
Ucst desirable In Lake Co.; contains sulphur.
Iron, magnesia and arsenic: wnn.Vr'ul cures of
rhtumatl«m, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles; new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court nnd billiard-room. Acetylene gas
plant livery, homo dairy, fine vegetable garden.
Kcund trip ticket*. S. F. offlce, $7. J. A.
HAYS, Proprietor. s
GAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas' on tha Russian River
below Ouernevllle In a arove a mile and a balf
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; will build a dam In the rlvtr; 4 miles
of cmcoth water for boating and bathing.
Adults $- per day. 110 per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1: -Address MKS. L. C. CNO-
P1US. Cami> Vacation, "Vacation" P. O., So-
noma County. Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS^
Beawtcit, fftfkb-no County;" Caltforn'.v
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
IS different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.. or at J. f
MARTENS', Bachelor P. O.. likke Co.. CaL j
_. Menlo P3rk. one hour from
llfMTTJ O clt >- Nine trains dally. I'.r-
! HlM I I \ «<¦•« climatp; beautiful placet
I II VI I I W comfort and quiet: excellent
table. -
j Addrerra W.J.MiTHKDITH. Mgr.. Holtt's School.
| SOLID COMFORT/HOME _
Extecsively IraprcveU: 1JKK) feet altitude; no
fog; climate delightful; Jarse orchard; vegetable
I garden: hot, colit bnths; spring water; cement
twliv.mlr.K tank,-40x»*i. Rates SS r k eek up; dtags |
meets train.- Sehuler * Hcheben. Napa. Cal.
JOHANNISBERC.
New hotel; racdern conveniences; large, airy!
dintng-rootn; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
ln«r; *iu and SI- per week. THEO. CLANCK-
KNBURG JR.. Prop.. OakvlUe, Napa Co., or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montc'imery St.
ByjftOj^HjKH8ffi^*T* F - ¦ - B^^* f^kj T^ 4^^^.
. rffiffiPViTji irjoj *— ' *^ •
Aw^lnjB. Canmocki,
Bfc3»KffiSE»1 • W. A. 2«IiTJ3»nsIBa.
Tel. Main 54:». Ill Clay st.
DCDACHEIM 'Delightfully situated In the
DCAUZSJlLllU ¦ Santa Cruz- Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $S per week. I For particulars address G.
7, Sl^ttNWJJ.a KUUls fUcU Crux, C*UWith wisdom gained of experience Oakland has
opened her official campaign against, that interesting and
invincible combination of circumstances involved in a
small boy, a toy pistol and the Fourth of July. It is
useless to combat fate in such emergency. We must let
events take their course, and if the patriotic youngster
survive credit results to the score of natural develop
ment.
By. decree of a New York court the other day a broker
received more than one million dollars as his properly
earned fee in a commercial transaction. It is appalling
to think, even in these days of fabulous wealth, what the
lawyers must have grabbed when a mere broker could
get such dazzling wealth. To carry curiosity further it is
not impertinent to ask what became of the principals, in
the affair. " * • \_
We of Boston are apt to be credited
with rather more than an ordinary
degree of composure and poise which
produces a certain aloofness from the
rest of the world — a mental attitude
often characterized by outsiders, espe
cially in the West, by less' dignified
titles. And the indifference, if you
please, with which these strictures
¦from without are received here helps
to confirm the impression.
If the charges are true-j-and we are
willing to make any concession on this
subject — the reason must be looked
for In that condition of serene self
complacency which attends successful
maturity. For Boston, you, must re
member, is nearly three centuries old.
English Alien New York was Dutch,
ours Is the most venerable of all the
Boston's Aloofness.
HOISTING THE FLAG— Q. R. S.,
Fruitvale. Cal. The special days on
which the American flag should be"dis
played at the masthead are February
22. the anniversary of the birth of
Washington, the Father of hi3 Coun
try; June 14, the anniversary of the
adoption of the American flair, and
July 4. the anniversary of the Declara
tion of Independence. It should also
be displayed on all public holidays, par
ticularly on September 9 In California,
in celebration of the admission of the
State into the Union. The flag should
be half-masted •on Memorial day and
on all days of public mourning.
TowBsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market St."
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's*. 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1041, •
I It is seldom in the heart of the city, with life bustling
and beating in every direction, a car may be robbed and
a daring marauder escape, but San Francisco supplied
the example a few nights since and the police are still
in the theory stage. It is unfortunate that such an acci
dent should happen. It advertises our helpless condi
tion altogether too plainly to those that prey upon the
unprotected.
QUOTATIONS— A. W. M., City. Tha
quotations asked for are:
•Tl« distance lends enchantment to t%« -riwm
And robes the mountain la Its azur* hua.
This la from Campbell's "Pleasure of
Hope."
"They see nothing wrong in the rule
that to the victors belong the spoils of
the enemy" is from a speech delivered
by W. L. Marcy while United States
Senator, 1331-33. In Congress. The de
partment has no Information as to wha
said, "A President embodies a princi
ple" It does not appear in the books
of quotations.
California is making such a deeply favorable impres
sion at the St. Louis Exposition that the other States
in our glorious Union are beginning to sit up and take
notice. It is too late now for them to think of emula
tion or envy. Let them. rejoice in our triumph and be
grateful for the praise that may come to them, as mem
bers of a group in which one bright particular star is
shining so brilliantly.
NATIONAL AIR— B.. Milpttas, Cal.
Congress has never selected a national
air and until it does there will not ba
a United States national anthem. By
common consent "The Star Spangled
Banner," "Hall Columbia" and "Amer
ica" are recognized as national hymns.
The United States navy has recognized
national airs to the extent that "The
Star Spangled Banner" is played at
morning colors and "Hall Columbia" at
evening colors.
MEDALS — S., City. Before this de*
partment can answer the Question
asked about medals you will have to
state what medals you desire to b« in
formed about. . ,
BOWLES SYNDICATE — B. S. B.,
Vallejo. Cal. The office of tha Bowie*
Syndicate is In New York.
'Ansxvers to Queries* >^7
Varied manufactures in the federal
districts and In Nuevo Leon absorb
much American capital. In Slnaloa
we also operate a profitable group of
sugar refineries. To the northward
many great iron and steel plants are
in evidence. One of them, just com
pleted at Monterey, has cost fully
$ 10,000,000. — Booklovers* Magazine.
The extent of the American com
mercial invasion of Mexico is not al
days realized. A year ago it waa of
ficially reported that more than 1100
American companies were doing busi
ness in Mexico. Of the capital from
this country Invested there about 70
per cent is placed in railroads. All
of the lines except those connecting
the capital with Vera Cruz and the
National Tehuantepec Railway are
owned or controlled by Americans.
Eighty per cent of all Mexican rail
road 1 property is held In the United
States. Eighty millions of American
dollars are engaged In Mexican mines,
principally in Sonora, Chihuahua and
Durango. The mining outputs of the
fiscal year ending June SO, 1903,
amounted to 5145,000,000 — valued in
silver — being an Increase of nearly 50
per cent over any preceding year. In
the same time nearly three thousand
new mining enterprises, or 17 per cent
of the whole, were launched.
In various agricultural ventures
Americans have $28,000,000 staked;
but this includes probably some of
those enterprises which appeal to the
trustful small investor through popu
lar advertisement, and concerning
which our consufar agents have often
sent warnings to the Washington au
thorities.
Another Invasion of Mexico.
A Boston man, a graduate of An*
napolis, recalling his cadet days, says
that among the most interesting of his
classmates were Admiral Uriu and tha
late Philo McGlffln. Uriu was a Chris-,
tlan and according to McGlffln tha
oniy Christian In the naval academy.
On Uriu's urgency McGiffln attended
the Young Men's Christian Assoda*
tlon cervices and the odd couple, tha
little Jap and the big Yankee, becama
Inseparable chums. The destinies oi
the two were widely different. Me-
Giffin fought for China in the war o£
ten years ago and probably against
Uriu. McGlffln's life closed in mad*
ness and he died self -slain. Uriu hasj
mounted to the highest honors of hi*
profession.
Uriu the Christian*
The greatest gain of life Is the loss of
self.
Criticism is not one of the fruits of
the spirit.
The fire of a family altar keeps the
church warm.
The falling blossom Is the promise of
the ripening fruit.
A little Bible In the heart Is worth a
lot under the hat-
When a man is short on charity he is
apt to be long on creed.
There has to be a lot of go in the reli
gion that will catch men.
There Is nothing Satan loves better
than a sanctimonious sinner.
Every time you choke down a harsh
word you lift a whole world.
When you walk toward the sun all
four shadows are behind you.
It Is always easier to weep over a
prodigal than it Is to welcome him.
The best way to sing about golden
streets is to buy a broom.
The man who is willing: to go to heav
en alone he is going to a lonely heaven.
It Is always the biggest craven who
gives the dead dog the heartiest kick.
When a man gives to be seen of men
he generally has a good deal to hide from
the Lord.
When you give your brother a cup of
cold water you don't have to pour It
down the back of his neck. — Chicago
Tribune.
Deeds answer doubts.
Old gold Is better than new brass.
Love takes all weariness out of work.
There is no selfdom In Christian ser
vice.
Little Sermons.
The present State House was built In
1850. the other. Its Immediate prede
cessor, being destroyed by fire in 1843.
It is of old-time architecture, with the
regulation Capitol dome and six mas
sive columns at the front. It is three
stories high and In about as poor con
dition for office service as any one
could well imagine. While the grounds
are carefully kept and look very pretty,
the building is anything but a neat
and convenient place In which to do tha
business of the. State. Nobody will be
sorry that It is to be fixed up in some
sort of way commensurate with tha
dignity of a great State like Alabama.
It was the first Capitol of the Confed
eracy, Jefferson Davis standing upon
its steps when he waa sworn in as tha
first and only President of the Confed
erate States of America, February 8,
1S61, at exactly 1 o'clock p. m.
After fifty-four years the old Capitol
of Alabama is to be remodeled and more
room provided for those who attend to
the affairs of the State. The sum of
$150,000 has been appropriated for tha
purpose.
Where Davis Took OatJL
Tehama County also makes claim that it is the second
county in the State in the matter of producing peaches.
Compared with the other fruitful counties of the Sac
ramento Valley it is second for apples and apricots,
third for prunes and pears and seventh for cherries. It
boasts orange, fig, olive, cherry, apricot, peach, pear,
lemon, prune, almond and walnut groves. Flax has
been planted. The climate /is fine. Sunstrokes are un
known. The mean annual temperature is 63 degrees
Fahrenheit.
Tehama County is at the head of the Sacramento
Valley and extends from the Coast Range Mountains
on the west to the summit of the Sierra Nevada on
the east. It has an area of 2.000,000 acres. The agri
cultural lands are estimated to include 700.000 acres,
while 800,000 acres are grazing and "500,000 timber or
forest lands. The scenery is fine. Mount Shasta and the
Lassen Butte are in view. Through the county runs
the Sacramento River and numerous tributary streams.
Springs are abundant on the hillsides. The People's
Cause says that with a moderate outlay of capital all
of Western Tehama can secure an ample water supply
during the entire year. Nature has supplied an abun
dance of water and only enterprise is required to save
and utilize 'it.
In the eastern portion of the county are Antelope,
Mill, Deer and Pine creeks; in the western portion
are Cottonwood, Reeds, Elder, Thomes and Stony
creeks. The average rainfall for ten years at Tehama,
according to Professor Hilgard of the University of
California, has been twenty-six inches. Something like
10,000,000 feet of lumber is annually sold. Tehama pro
duces more than 1,000,000 pounds of wool per annum.
T.he stock cattle are assessed at $391,500 and the thor
oughbred and common cows are estimated to be worth
more than $60,000. The value of Tehama County sheep
was estimated at $548,000 last year for assessment pur
poses. '
These are some of the facts mentioned by the Peo
ple's Cause. Other leading statements are that there
are in the county 1,200,835 fruit trees, of which 918,000
are in bearing. The fruit crop brings to Tehama
County more than $1,000,000 each year. Altogether, a
strong fc showing is reliably made for Tehama. Its popu
lation will have to be increased many fold before its
fruitful acres will be taxed to provide means of support
for all.
THE diversified interests and advancement of Te
hama'County, as they are described and set forth
by the People's Cause in a special edition, are.
truly remarkable. It is a land where the almond and
the walnut grow luxuriantly; where oranges ripen sev
eral weeks earlier than they do in Southern California;
where, in one colony, there are 11,000 acres devoted to
orchards. There is the turkey producing center of the
State. Wheat, barley, oats, rye and other cereals, citrus
fruits and deciduous fruits of all kinds, berries and
vegetables of every description, cattle raising, wool
growing, the production of grapes, wine making, raisin
curing and lumbering, characterize the county strongly.
An- alfalfa field of 240 acres will be .used to supply feed
for the cows of one dairy. The largest vineyard in the
world is at Vina. The Angora goat thrives and is profit
able. t
THE ADVANCEMENT OF TEHAMA.
"More better you go catchee gov
ernment pigeon. Catchee plenty
money, no much work have got. all
same man come aboard San Fran
cisco side, makee look Chinaman.
Suppose ship come one day. ,No
catchee ship every day. What thing."
Upon the arrival here a few days
ago of the liner Coptic, Dr. Irones.
the ship's surgeon, resigned from the
company's service for the purpose, he
declared, of engaging in the practice
of his profession ashore. The doctor's
Chinese servant on the Coptic, who for
some years has looked after Irones'
room, his clothes, his bath and his
comfort generally, does not approve
of the medico's leaving. He wrote the
doctor the following letter, which
speaks for itself: '
"What thing you makee go leave
ship. All time you go shore makee
spend all money one place. Blmeby
you makee stay shore side all time.
What thing! You catchem too plenty
bloke.
English as She Is Writ.
A Chicago woman mortgaged her freedom the other
day by marriage to a convict who is beginning an im
prisonment of fourteen • years ifor murder. Jailers
whistled a wedding march and jailbirds flung old shoes
after the oddly mated couple. The husband went back
to his cell and the wife wandered out into the world and
possibly to 'serious reflection. When will psychologists
give u« a stable basis upon which to anticipate the re
sults of the relationship between a man and a woman?
large American cities. The great West
Is composed of Individuals, aggressive
and self-assertive, who, if you attempt
anything like exclusiveness. will gayly
batter down your social ramparts till
the fortress of good fellowship la taken
by assault.
The warmth of the West eomea
mainly from her newness; because sha
is new she still has the roaring e&m>
raderle of the pioneer days when fron-t
tlersmen looked to one another, not
only, for companionship, but for de
fense against the hazards of a pre
carious existence which would havo
made exclusiveness well-nigh suicidal.
Boston, on the other hand. long ago
outgrew her municipal baby clothes,
and we have totally lost the pioneer
spirit that once was ours. The city is
built to stay, and with it we also stay
unto the third and fourth generations.
Our friends flew kites with us, read
Virgil with us, came to oui weddings
and will lay wreaths on our tombs.
Indeed, we have. In the natural course
of things, rather more friends than
we think we need; so why collect
others? We do not lay siege to ona
another, and we do not much care to
be besieged by others. It la not ouc
game. — From "The Social Side of Bos*
ton," In tha July Alnslee'a.
When searched by the steward' at
the Detention Hospital for the Insane,
to which place he had been conveyed
at the request of his landlady, some
surprises were forthcoming. He was
completely wrapped about the body
and lower limbs with a coll of insulat
ed copper wire, such as Is used for
electric lighting. In each of his pan
taloons pockets he had wrapped In
rubber bags two glass bulbs encased
In dirty brown paper with a mixture
of bluestone and ground copper added.
To the chief steward he Imparted
the news that he possessed a deep
secret, which would surpass Edison
and all other wizards of the world.
With his secret he would be enabled
to throw light at will upon arty ob
ject he saw fit. It would enable him
to have a light In his room at all
hours, which would scare away spirits,
ghopts and midnight prowlers and for
that matter he could send a shock
through the body of his enemy with
out the fear of detection. All this ex
plained the -wire about his body. That
was part of the invention.
To uncoil the wire required the as
sistance of two men. as the crazy man
fought like a wild tiger. He is now
a patient in the Stats hospital for the
insane at Agnew.
Magnetic Personality.
was merely the instrument of the Czar and the Holy
Synod. The young assassin promptly committed sui
cide. His motives were patriotic, but his act will cause
the further oppression of his people. The incorpora
tion of a people into a government is not new, but the
brutalities of the Russian method are calculated to
cause such reprisals as that of which Bobrikoff is the
victim. • The treaty should have been left perpetual, as
it was intended to be.
England pursues a course in such cases that Russia
might study to her advantage, if she would study any
thing that makes for humanity, good faith and the rights
of .man. When Scotland entered into a Parliamentary
union with Great Britain its terms and conditions were
framed and adopted in perpetuity. The rights of the
church of Scotland were secured and the commercial
position of Scotland was mapped out and the Scotch
became loyal subjects of Great Britain. Their peers
were recognized and they had representation in the
Commons. England has strictly observed this ordinance
of union. The sovereign of Great Britain agrees In his
coronation oath to maintain it, and its violation would
inflame the Scotch from Cheviot Hills to Pentland Frith.
It Is rather early yet to speculate as
to what terms victor will Impose on
vanquished In the present Russo-Japa
nese war; but. from the enormous in
demnities which have been paid to
end strife between nations In the past,
It would seem to cost little less to stop
war than to wage it.
Throughout the Listory of the world
no country has treated a vanquished
foe so generously as Great Britain;
and there are several Instances on
record In which we have refrained
from enforcing payment of indemni
ties voluntarily undertaken by fallen
adversaries. Indeed, In most cases
England has been content with a ces
sion of territory as the price of peace,
but when any of her subjects have
Buffered Insult or Injury at the hands
of the foe ehe has rightly insisted on
sn indemnity in cash.
Thus, at the conclusion of our war
with China in 1S40, the Celestial Em
pire was compelled to pay us a sum
of £5,000,000. A goodly portion of
The Price of Peace.
Since then woe has been upon Finland. The people,
have been beset in all their national ways and customs.
By religion they were mostly Lutherans. The Holy
Synod has dictated their religious persecution to compel
them to adopt the tenets of the orthodox church. Free
speech has been suppressed, the freedom) of 'the press
abolished and matters have been, carried with a high ;
hand. The result is the murder of the Governor, who
THE assassination of Bobrikoff, the Russian Gov
ernor of Finland, was an act of folly, as well
as a high crime. It is the direct result of the
brutally repressive measures taken by Russia against
the Finns. But instead of relieving the Finns it will,
no doubt, add weight to the already heavy hand of
.their oppressors.
When was incorporated into the empire of
the Czar a perpetual treaty was made reserving the
ancient rights of the people. , Under this treaty the
Finns were content and their country was the only
part of Russia that was not involved in nihilist plots
and crimes." The present Czar, for reasons that have
never been made known, abrogated the treaty and de
stroyed the rights that existed under it. After that
a policy of suppression was adopted, and the Russianiz
ing of the Finns proceeded by force, of which Bobrikoff
was the representative.
THE FATE OF BOBRIKOFF.
Popular government can only be
carried on by parties. You should at
once become a member of that party
whose principles are nearest to your
own faith. Parties can only succeed
by organization. Mobs never win;
discipline always disperses them. Par
ties are the surrender of the Individ
ual of pet projects and pet purposes
to certain broad, general principles
which he in common with the great
mass of his party believes are essen
tial to good government. No matter
how close the party organization, you
can find a place, because Jt needs
workers. Join at once, if you live in
the country, the club or organization
of your town; if you live in the city,
of your district. Give time and atten
tion to party work. You will find that
you can do it without Interfering with
your work or your profession. A few
evenings in the month, and more dur
ing the campaign, diligently and ef
fectively employed, will give you at
once recognition and standing among
the practical men who manage the
party In every locality. You will soon
become known, your advice and ser
vices required and your influence will
extend from the district to the coun
ty and from the county to the State.
There will be many things in the party
organization which you dislike and
many men whom you detest. You will
find, however, that the leaders have
gained their position both because
they have the indescribable qualities
of leadership and give their time and
minds to politics as a business. —
Cliauncey M. Depew * in Leslie's
Weekly. ','i : ~~: -~^
Depeiu Advises Collegians.
The druggists of Oakland have appealed to the City
Council for a 'liquor license lower than that demanded
of other sellers of the cup that cheers. The appeal seems
to be based on reason if one tajces into consideration the
difference in quality between the whisky invariably sold
by druggists and that dispensed by others. Drugstore
whisky is vile enough in character either to be licensed
low or condemned as dangerous.
"Of the cowards that eat my bread
is there none will rid me of this tur
bulent priest?" hastily exclaimed King
Henry II. wearying of his long quar
rels with the soldier prelate and cham
pion of church supremacy. How four
knights overheard these hasty words
and Interpreting them as a royal man
date stole Into the cathedral one even-
Ing and slew the Archbishop before the
altar of St. Benedict, every school boy
knows. Under threat of excommuni
cating him the church made King
Henry pay a heavy bill of damages
for Instigating that sacrilegious crime.
Becket was canonized and his bones
were deposited In a splendid shrine In
the cathedral, which for three centu
ries continued to be the object of one
of the sxeat pilgrimages of Christen
dom. Then came along another King
Henry, eighth of that name, the much
married monarch, who, caring not a
button for excommunication, quarreled
with the Pope on the question of royal
matrimonial rights and privileges and
determined to set up as head of the
English church himself. He despoiled
Becket's shrine, getting over a score
cartloads of treasure therefrom, erased
his name from the calendar of the
saints and ordered his bones to be
burned and the ashes to be scattered to
the four winds.
Whether this was really done no one
can tell at this day. In 18SS a stone
coffln, with the remains of a skeleton
which some declared to be that of the
martyred Archbishop, was discovered
in the crypt and reburled after careful
examination. A curious mosaic pave
ment still remains In front of fne place
where the shrine stood, and in the
stone steps which lead up to It axe deep
hollows worn by the knees of |£ount
less pilgrims who there resorted In the
old days to plead for the Intercession
and favor of the saint.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALU
6 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON, June 5.—Ameri
cans who are coming to England this
year, and intend visiting Canterbury,
will be disappointed to hear that build
era have Just begun to eurround the
central tower of the famous cathedral
with a huge scaffolding by which Its
beauties will be completely hidden for
probably many months to come. The
temporary disfigurement Is necessitat
ed, however, by the unsound condition
of this portion of the structure, which
has made its restoration Imperative,
lest the tower should share the fate
of Venice's Campanile. Historically
known as the "Bell Harry" tower, this
crowning achle\-ement of Canterbury's
architect la commonly regarded as the
finest example of the perpendicular
style of church architecture In Eng
land, although the name of its de
signer has not been handed down to
posterity. Its construction was begun
In 1472 and It replaced a former tower
called the "Angel Stepple," a name
bestowed on it because of the gilded
cherub who was perched on the pin
nacle. ,It is 225 feet high and 35 feet
in diameter, but such Is the dignity
and stateliness of the design that It
conveys the Impression of much larger
"dimensions. Q
After Westminster Abbey and St.
Paul"5, Canterbury Cathedral Is the
most highly prized of England's
churches, both for its architectural
beauty and its historic associations.
It originated., it is said. In a church
formerly used by the Roman Chris
tians and which St. Augustine conse
crated under the name of Christ's
Church when he became Archbishop of
Canterbury in 697. Enlarged some 350
years later by Archbishop Odo, it was
totally destroyed by fire In 1067. Arch
bishop Lanfranc rebuilt It, but the
choir was again wholly burned down
in 1174, and to rebuild it a number of
French and English artificers were
summoned. Among the former was
one William of Sens, who turned out to
be a man of real genius, and to him
the work was entrusted. He died, how
ever, in 1178, before the work was fin
ished, but a worthy successor was
found in another William, this time
an Englishman, and to him Is due the
completion of the existing unique and
beautiful choir, the choir transept and
the corona or circular apse, which un
der the name of "Beckefs Crown,"
perpetuates the memory of the famous
Archbishop who was murdered In the
cathedral.
Special Correapondene*.
Repairing Old Canterbury.
Like her former enemy, Turkey was
a few years back compelled to sub
stantially reduce a claim for Indem
nity. The Sultan claimed £10,000,000
from Greece as the condition of peace,
but by the intervention of the Euro
pean powers he was compelled to ac
cept Just one-fifth of that amount. As
Greece was practically in a state of
bankruptcy. It would have been Impos
sible for that country to have complied
with the original Turkish demands.
In order to secure peace after the
war with Japan eight years ago China
had to pay a considerable sum by way
of Indemnity, though not nearly so
much as the Japanese would have ex
acted If they had been allowed a free
hand. Not liking the Idea of the Celes
tials being despoiled by anybody but
themselves, the Russians Interfered,
and Japan had to be content with the
cession of Formosa and the Pescadores
and the payment of a cash Indemnity
of £37,000,000. This money Japan used
in preparing for the struggle by which
she hopes to soon exact an Indemnity
from Russia.— Tit-Bits.
It will be remembered, too, that the
same policy was pursued by : them
when Spain gave up the struggle for
the retention of her colonial posses
sions and sued for peace. In a spirit
of generosity the American republic
agreed to pay over to the Spanish Gov
ernment £4,000,000 to compensate the
Spaniards for their territorial losses.
At one time Schleswlg-Holsteln be
longed to Denmark, and Bismarck,
having cast covetous eyes on the har
bor of Kiel, situated in Holsteln, he
caused Jutland to be Invaded by the
Prussians. On his forces being routed
he cunningly inveigled Austria into
supporting him, and the allied troops
proved too strong for their adversaries,
right once more being crushed by
might.
The victors, however, quarreled be
tween themselves as to the disposition
of the spoils, and this gave rise to the
war between Austria and Germany in
1S66. The latter power proved victori
ous, and insisted on the Austrians pay-
Ing as war indemnity a sum that, with
the amounts levied on the five small
states that helped them, reached near
ly £0,500,000.
But that did not anything like ap
proach the severity with which Bis
marck treated the French at the con
clusion of the Franco-Prussian War of
1S70-7L In the £200,000,000 which he
exacted as indemnity, he compelled
Frtmce to pay the dearest price that
any nation ever paid for peace, and a
price that astonished the world. It
was thought that the infliction cf this
enormous fine would cripple France
forever, but, largely owing to the pa
triotism of the thrifty French peas
ants, the money was actually paid be
fore the final installment fell due.
Although this sum exceeded by very
many millions what the Germans had
spent on the war. they and the wily
Bismarck never ceased to regret that
they did not make it double. Consider
ing that France, had to sacrifice two of
her fairest provinces in addition, Ger
many made an unprecedented and
enormous profit as the result of the
conclusion of peace.
When Russia administered a crush
ing defeat on Turkey, after suffering
severe reverses herself, in the struggle
of 1S77, she consented to accept the
sum of £32,000,000 as the price of peace,
after demanding a much larger
amount. This was little more than the
actual cost of the campaign, and the
victors would not entertain any lower
terms, as the damage inflicted by the
war on their subjects and commerce
was such as to fully equal those fig
ures,, large though they were. So far
Turkey has paid little more than half
of the indemnity, and there Is not much
likelihood of Russia ever receiving the
full amount.
As an expanding nation the United
States has, like our own, been satis
fied with a grant of territory in each
of the one or two wars she has waged
ond from which she has emerged vic
torious. In fact, at the conclusion of
the war with Mexico, which arose out
of the annexation of Texas, the Yan
kees paid to the Mexicans £3,000,000
as consideration for the territory an
npxed.
this Indemnity was paid over to Brit
ish merchants by way of compensa
tion for the destruction of their prop
erty by the Chinese. Considering that
the war cost us considerably over
£2,000,000, it cannot be described as
a very profitable bargain.
To close our second war with China,
that country had to pay Great Britain
an indemnity of £2,000,000; but as for
each sovereign we received three and
a .half had been' expended in hostili
ties, it is easy to see which nation got
the better of that barg.-ln.
When the missions entered California, more than a
century ago, this Mooresque style came with them and
seemed fitted to the hot and dry locations of the first
mission stations in Southern California. The mission
churches were surrounded by the adobe houses, both
fitted to physical conditions. Another reason seemed
tc dictate the use of both styles. The thick walls were
some protection against earthquakes. There is a cer
tain romance about the mission style, but its adaptation
to modern sanitary needs in such localities as San Fran
cisco and other cool climate cities on the coast is. diffi
cult. Its inadaptation even to the purposes of church
buildings is proved by the fact that it is not used in
our modern churches. The old mission churches stand,
some in ruins and some in restoration^ as interesting
monuments, but we Build them no more, just as we
have ceased to build adobe houses.
In this city especially, the mission style for school
houses is objectionable. Such buildings lack light and
ventilation. In school buildings especial attention
should be given-to orientation. The amount and direc
tion of light should be adapted to the preservation of
the eyesight of pupils, and to their health and to that
of the teachers. People spend only an hour a week in
churches, and light and ventilation may be neglected
there without serious injury. But the whole physical
future of children and teachers is affected by the condi
tion of buildings in which they spend five hours of every
school day in the year.
A schoolhouse should have open and ample space
all around it. and if it do not stand four square to
the points of the compass so much "the better, as the
sun may then shine for part of the day in every room.
It is easy to provide for the temporary exclusion of
flic sunshine, if that be desirable, but its effect for part
of the time upon the interior of schoolroom is the
surest guarantee of the health of the inmates. Given
a schoolhouse permanently shaded on three sides with
rooms that never get the direct rays of the sun and
there is a condition that produces anaemic and un
wholesome conditions of health in pupils and teachers.
This is a country of schoolhouses. The perpetuity
of our institutions in the last analysis depends upon the
work that is done in the schools. Not only must we
look to the schools for minds properly trained for the
high duties of citizenship, but for bodies unimpaired in
that strength which must bear the burdens of that citi
zenship. Hence, the location and the architecture of
school buildings acquire first importance. The school
house should be the best building in a city in the
adaptation of its architecture to secure the health and
the highest physical efficiency of the pupils. All these
things have been studied out and are the development
of experience. The necessities of school architecture are
well known and require abundance of light and the seat
ing of pupils so that it shall reach them from the right
direction and the right angle, so that the sunshine shall
not harm the vision and shall also perform its proper
depurating function.
The mission style is essentially gloomy as to its ex
terior. We say this without denying its picturesque
effect in a proper location. We have nursed the
romance that is around our ancient mission buildings.
But we go to look upon them as historical monuments,
the memorials of a brave and pious past, but with no
desire to live in them. They are to us what the old
and ruined abbeys areMo England. Ivy, on thick walls
is an impressive but not cheerful spectacle. We don't
want its dampness in our houses.
The new school buildings in this city should have
air space around them, they should be of the modern
metal frame style and the material used should be of
light and cheerful color. They should not have many
stories. We doubt whether any schoolhouse should be
more than two stories in height. The climbing of long
flights of stairs is not good for teachers or pupils. The
floor of the first story should be far enough iabove the
basement to secure dryness and one flight above that
is enough climbing. A tall building implies greater
danger in a fire or panic. Two-story houses, with
ample exits and wide stairs, secure the conditions of
safety that must never be lost sight of in large cities.
.We believe that in respect to cost, convenience, sani
tation and safety the well settled styles of school archi
tecture have the advantage over the unsuited mission
architecture. •>
THE proposition to build all the new schoolhouses
in this city in the mission style of architecture
is very properly opposed by the local architects.
That style of architecture* was '.introduced into Spain
by the Moors. It is suited to the hot and dry" country
in which the Moors originated. It is, in fact, an evo
lution of the adobe, the sun-dried bricks that were
mixed with straw, and by thick walls and deeply em
brasured windows shut out the hot sunshine of North
Africa.
SCHOOL ARCHITECTURK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, ,1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ....¦; ..". ? . > Address All Commendations to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication OfflcxT. .....*. \. Third and Market Street*. S. F.
SUNDAY ..:.. .:..... JUNE ift 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
32Travel to the World's Fair.
Th« quick. «hort route li by the OveriaiMj'
Limited, that matchlezi train of the Southern
PadHc. H you've never tried the Overland
trr it on your fit. Louis trip. It carries you in
prtnc*ijr f&rhlon through majestic scenery
The round trip to St. Louis in $67 BO; to
Chicago, pacslng one way through St. Louis,
J72 M. TourUt cars, personally conducted.
throurh to St. Louis without change. Ask
about datea and trains at 613 Market street. *
New Sugar Company.
The Colusa Su*ar Company yester
day filed articles of incorporation In
the County Clerk's office. The pur
pose oX the concern Is to manufacture
and deal in sugar; Its capital stock is
$500,000 and the lncorporators are
Alfred D. Cutler, Guy S. Dyer of Al
varado, Francis V. Keesling, Joseph
A. Chanslor of Colusa, Tennant Har
rington of Colusa. J. B. de Jarnatt of
Colusa and Charles H. Shaw.
Cadets to Have Performance.
The field music of the League of
the Cross Cadets will have a special
production of the favorite comedy, "In
Missouri." next Tuesday evening in
Native Sons' Hall. Mason street. The
cast of characters will be from th*»
Caldwell College of Oratory and ar
rangements have been made for an
excellent presentation. The League
of the Cross band will give a concert
and will furnish music for the dance
to follow the play. The proceeds go
to furnish equipment for the League
of the Cross field music.
Wants Its Contribution Toward Ex
penses of Recent National Con
vention Returned.
The failure of the Retail Grocers'
Protective Union and- the Retail
Grocers' Association to fulfill an
agreement of April 7. 1903. to merge
the two bodies into one organization,
to be called the San Francisco Retail
Grocers, is the basis of a suit brought
yesterday in the Superior Court by J.
G. Florence to secure the payment of
$760. Florence says that he brings
the suit for the benefit of the Protec
tive Union and the defendants are H.
G. Lackmann, J. T. Hurley and several
others.
Florence alleges that the Protective
Union deposited $250 to be used for
the entertainment of the National
Convention of Retail Grocers, recently
held here; that the money was turned
over by Daniel Keefe, trustee, to the
defendants, but was never used for
the purposes intended, and that on May
6. If 03, the two organizations held a
Joint picnic, the proceeds of which
—mounted to $1000. The Protective
Union demanded its share, $500, from
the defendants, but this sum has not
been paid. Hence the suit for $750
and interest. : •
GHOCCUS' PROTECTIVE UNION
SUES TO RECOVER ADVANCES
ly a lot at San Mateo, $1250; to E. A.
Franks five acres, $650; to O. D.
Barres twenty acres, $2500; to \T. B.
Chamberlain twelve and a half acres,
$2000; to Albert Stauffer twelve and
a half acres, $2000; to F. O. Ostumler
twelve and a half acres, $1250; to P.
Judge twelve and a half acres. $2500;
to Flood & Evans twenty acres, $2300;
to S. Drake ten acres, $1250; to J. A.
Forney ten acres, $1000; to James
Robb ten acres, $1000; to Charles S.
Brown fifteen acres, $1500; to Theo
dore Safft ten acres. $1000; to G. H.
Bombaugh seven acres $750; to F. A.
Holmes seven acres, $760; to C. J.
Brown eleven acres, $1100; to A. J.
Doyle eleven acres, $1100.
Chatfleld & Vinzent have made sales
in this city as follows:' Mary- Harder
to Christian Holtum. lot 25x137:6 feet,
on the south line of Frederick street,
275 feet east of Sanyan, $2500; Sam
uel Booth to John Thompson, the
northwest corner _ of Nineteenth and
Shotwell streets. "50x68:9 feet, with
three fiats; M. Fisher to W. W. John
son, lot 25x105 feet and three flats on
the north line of Fifteenth street, 30
feet east of Noe, $10,250; H. Falk to
Ellen A. Perry, lot 44x80 feet on the
west side of Themont avenue, 106
feet south of Frederick street, $2600;
Barbara Lauringer to A. Campodon
ico, southwest corner of Mason street
and Webb place, 32x80 feet, with im
provements. $6350; Martin Neilson to
Francoise Marx, northeast corner of
Franklin and Union streets, 24x114
feet, for $4000; Roswell Lee to A. W.
Johnson, lot 25x87:6 feet, with im
provements, on the south line of Turk
street, 31 feet east of Pierce, $4500;
A. W. Johnson to Ludwlg Koenig,' lot
30x122:6 feef, on the west line of
Capp street, 215 feet north of Twen
ty-second, $2500; Sarah Patek to John
G. Jury, northeast corner of Eddy and
Bourbon streets, 28x100 feet, with
store and flats, $8000.
LOTS AND RESIDENCES.
Recent sales'by Speck & Co. include
68:9x275 feet on the east line of
Eighth street, 206:3 feet north of
Brannan, for Ivan G. Treadwell to a
client for $20,000; lot 25x120 feet and
two flats on north line of Ellis street,
125 feet west of Laguna, for I. Glaser,
for $8600; lot 35x90 feet and two
dwellings on the west side of Valencia
street, 140 feet south of Fifteenth,
from Mrs. Ellen Harris to W. H. Dunn
for $6000; lot 37x125 feeti with a
store and a flat, on the east line of
Castro street, 14 9 feet north of Nine
teenth, from' W. H. Dorman to a cli
ent for $5500; lot 25x100 feet and
building on the northwest line of Ar
lington street, 103 feet southwest of
the Miguel and Falrmount tract, from
Christian and Bertha Katz to Bertha
Peterson for $1025.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold the
buildings and lot on the south line/
of Haight street, 68:9 feet east of the
east line of Scott, thence east 68:9x125
feet, with four-story buildings, renting
at $14 0 a month, for $19,000. To Caro
line Simpson for Roy Mauvais they
sold property on the southeast line of
Silver street, 195 feet southwest of Sec
ond, 22:8x75 feet, with a three-story
house containing two flats, for $3900;
for the account of Caroline A. and
Mary F. Potter, two lots on the east
side of Fair Oaks street, 238 feet south
of Eighteenth, 60x96:8 feet, for $1600;
for Mary F. Brittan, lot' on the north
line of Greenwich street, 146:10% east
of Polk, 87:4^x137:6 feet, for $1525;
to John C. Rudbach and wife for Mrs.
Sophie Vaughan, lot on the east side
of Harrison street, 225 feet south of
Twenty-fifth, 25x100 feet, for $1350;
for Mary F. and Caroline A. Potter,
lot on the east line of Fair Oaks
street. 213 feeft south of Elghteenthr
25x90:5 feet, for $S000; to Andrea and
Armida Moni, lot on the west line of
Fillmore street, 48 feet north of Filbert,
24x100 feet, for $1500.
| Through the agency of Bovee, Toy
|& Co. the sixth floor of \the Aronson
! building on the northwest corner of
' Mission and Third streets has been
i leased to the Wittmar Woolen Com
} pany, the seventh floor to the Cali
| fornia Glove Company. The leases are
i for ten years. They are for $3600
; each. The German Demokrat, through
j the. same agency, has leased the third
j story of the other Aronson building,
on the corner of Third and Jessie
Etreets, for ten years for a total rental
of $36,000.
IN THE OUTSIDE LANDS.
Baldwin & Howell report minor
sales as follows: Lot on the west side
of Twenty-first avenue, 225 feet north
of I street, 25x120, A. Meyer to
[Thomas W. Bonson, $1050; lot on the
j east side of Fourth "avenue, 60 feet*
south of Hugo street, 25x95, O. C. Cap
pelmann to John T. Hat. $1500; lot on
the . west . side of Eighth avenue, 175
feet _north of O street. 25x120, J. F. C.
Hoyroyd to J. H. Johnson, $350; lot on
the west side of Second avenue, 35 feet
north of I street, 60x95, City . Realty
• Company to Maryan Dulfer, $2800; lot
85 feet north of I street, 25x95. City
Realty Company to H. L. and Mary A.
Todd, $1400; lot on the south side of
H street, 107:6 feet west of Ninth ave
nue, 25x100, I_ Lipman to Thomas
Schad, $1600; lot on the east side of
Forty-seventh avenue, 100 feet south
of C street, 50x120, Weissbeln Bros,
to L. A. and A. Robinson, $1600; lot
on the east side of Forty-seventh ave
nue, 150 feet south of C street, 25x120,
Weissbein Bros, to O. M. and M. A.
Johnson. $800.
Also In the Western Addition: Lot
on the south side of M street, 95 feet
west of Ninth avenue, 25x58, J. W.
Kelsey to M. Jallnski, $860; lot on the
west side of Nineteenth avenue, 125
feet south of I street. 25x120, J.
Thompson to William T. Craig, $950;
lot on the west side of Fifth avenue,
60 feet south of Hugo street, 25x95,
P. J. Walsh to William Koenlg, $1500;
lot on the south side of H street, 32:6
feet west of Fourth avenue. 25x100. A.
E. Pelton to P. J. Walsh. $1700; lot
on the south side of H street, 57:6
feet west of Fourth avenue, 25x100, T.
J. McDermott to P. J. Walsh, $1700;
lot on the west side of Second avenue,
vldow to a client, southeast line of
Howard street, 250 feet southwest of'
Fourth, 25x80, and 4-story building con
taining store and lodging-house above,
$16,000; for F. Eckhardt to Wellington
Gregg/ lot tind improvements on the
easterly line of San Jose avenue, 260
fest north of Twenty-sixth street,
through to Poplar avenue, 32:6x90, and
six 4-room flats, $7000; for J. Spanton to
C. Unger, Lot and improvements on the
east line of Devisadero street, 56 feet
north of Sutter, 25x87:6, and 2-story
building, $7000; for J. Ryan to Honora
Graham, lot and improvements on the
south line of Sacramento street, 107
feet west of Baker, 25x137:6, and two
story residence, $5350; for O. G. Sage
to Ephraim H. Mussine, lot on the
south Una of Twentieth street. 130 feet
west of Church. 25x114, $1100; for O. G.
Sage to J. M. Parker, lot on the north
line of Twentieth street, 225 feet \ves£
cf Church, 2fixll4, $S50; ror Augustus
Relnhart to Fred C. Hyde, lot on the
west line of /Thirty-second avenue, 225
feet south of I, £5x120, $175; for Benja
min Barbash to Joseph B. Plamandon,
lot on the" east line of Mission street,
150 feet south of Russia avenue, 25x
83:6, $490; for same owner to Patrick
Broderick, lots 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5, being
150x83:6, on the southwest corner of
Russia avenue and Mission street,
$3200; for same owner, lots 8 and 9 on
the east line of Mission street, 200 feet
south of Russia avenue, 50x83:6, $750;
for same owner to Carl N. P. Ahlgren,
lots oil the east line of Mission street,
250 feet south of Russia avenue, 50x
83:6, $670; for J. Schlosser to C. Mar
chand, lot on the north line of McAl
lister street. 130 feet wesj of Central
avenue, 75x137:6, $4500; for C. Lowney
to E. Foley, lot, on the west line of
Willard street, 100 feet south of Turk,
25x100, $525.
Through the agency of Thorne &
Kilpatrick the northeast . corner of
Leavenworth and Chestnut streets has
been sold by Carl D. Anderson to E.
W. Lick on private terms. The Im
provements are three flats and the lot
is 25x87:6.
Hawkes & Skelton have sold the fol
lowing properties: Southwest corner of
Francisco and Larkin streets, 137 :6x
137:6, for Samuel B. Welch to a client
foV $20,000; southeast corner of Union
and Webster streets, 100x110^ for the
estate of Gilbert Clements to a client
for $9750; southwest corner of Green
wich and Hyde streets, 40x92, with 2
story house, for William Grant to O.
B. Martin fqr $3000; southwest corner
of Leavenworth and Lombard streets.
25x125, for H. D. Hawkes to Dr. Red
mond Payne for $5000; lot 35x127:8. 137:6
feet west of Webster street, for the
Spring Valley Water Company to Sam
uel Cohn for $4750.
IN CITY AND COUNTRY.
C. M. Wooster Co. reports the fol
lowing sales: E. J. Winslow to Doro
thea Watson, lot 55x117:6, on the north
west corner of T,wenty-third and Chat-
tanooga streets: F. W. Dewey to T.
A. Mitchell, modern cottage with five
rooms and bath; 429 Duncan street,
south side, between Sanchez and Noe
streets, 25-114, 1 $2200; lot and improve
ments on the east side of Jones street,
between Geary and Post, 25x90, for $16,
300; lot and improvem«nts on the west
line of Ninth avenue, 310 feet south of
California street, H. Reigle to Sarah
D. Crawley, 25x120, for $3300; three lots
on the west side of Eighteenth avenue,
north of Lake street, adjoining the
Presidio reservation. 75x120. for H. W.
Dodge to H. Reggie, for $2500; for F.
J. Meyer, lot 25x75, and three flats on
Harrison street, near Sixth, for $7000.
H. E. Rose of this city has bought
the Canvasback Club property of 290
acres on the Sulsun marshes from
Herbert and Jacob Kullman.
The C. M. Wooster Company has
sold through its- country department
123 acres in Napa County for the Shu
la estate for $11,250; to A. Armstrong
two acres at Redwood, $800; to J. J.
McGowan fifteen acres in the Red
wood tract, $2500; to H. R. Fee fifteen
acres in San Mateo County, $$600; to
John Daly one acre in Redwood. $400,
and for. the California Realty Com
pany to L. L. Crossett ten acres in
San Mateo County. $100; to J. P. Kel-
The last week in the city real estate
market has not had any very striking
features. This is the dull season, but
there are some transactions of good
Elze to report. The deals in which brok
ers have made returns are mentioned
below.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold
the following properties: Lot on the
south line of Sutter street, 20 feet front
age and width of 37 feet in the rear,
with depth of 120 feet, 57:C feet east of
Grpnt avenue, for the Anglo-Callfor
nian Bank to Louis Friedlander, for
$60,000; lot 78:6x81:10 feet on the west
line of Polk street, 109 feet south of
Clay, with two-story improvements,
from Caroline K. Gwin to Allan St. J.
Bowie, for something like 550,000; lot
50x100 feet on the north line of Page
street, 31 feet east of Shrader, from
Charles Pago to Dr. Salfleld. for $7000;
lot 25xl02:8Vi feet on the north line of
Washington street, 87:6 feet west of
Lyon; $3300; lot 50xS5 feet on the north
west corner of California street and
First avenue, J^OCO; lot 25:9x60 feet, "and
improvements, on the south side of El
lis street, 103 feet east of Buchanan,
$7150; lot 30x127:8^4 feet on the south
line of Clay street, 100 feet east of Pre
sidio avenue, $3600; lot 30x100 feet oh
the southwest corner of Clay and
Spruce streets, $5500, and lot 25x125 feet
on the east line of Diamond street, 198
feet north of Eighteenth street, $1100.
Baldwin & Howell have just closed
the sale of the lot and old improve
ments on the west side of Powell street,
72:6 feet north of Post street, having
a frontage of 21 feet on Powell street
by a uniform depth of 80 feet. This
property was sold for the account of
Mrs. Lucy Benson, who has owned and
occupied the building as a home for
many years. The purchaser is Jesse G.
Gobey. The acquisition of this prop
erty by Mr. Gobey, in connection with
that immediately adjoining it on the
south, which he purchased last year
through the same brokers, gives him
a frontage on Powell street of 43:6 feet
immediately adjoining the property on
the northwest corner of Powell and
Post streets. It is the intention of the
owner to improve the lot with a mod
ern eight-story building as soon as the
existing leases expire.
DEALS IX A VARIETY.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report among
others the following recent sales: ITor
P. B. Lynch, improvements and lot, 25x
50 feet, on the northeast corner of
Sixth and Jessie streets; for Allan St.
J. Bowie, improvements and lot, 78:6x
81:10 feet, on the west line of Polk
street, 31 feet south of Clay, for $50,000.
being the property that Mr. Bowie ac
quired five years ago for 519,500; for L.
Frledlander, the northeast corner of
Post and Webster streets, lot 57:6x87:6
feet, and improvements, for $32,000; for
Maria Engisch, improvements and lot.
27:6x112:6 feet, on the west line" of Lar
kin street, 35 feet south of Bush, for
$13,500; for Laura L. Clapp, improve
ments and lot; 37:6x137:6 feet, on the
north line of Vallejo street, 100 feet
west of Buchanan, for $12,000; for Henri
Marx, improvements and lot, 27:6x110
fe,et, on the west line of Steiner street,
82:6 feet south of Hayes, for $9500; for
C. H. Gottschalk, improvements at 147
Albion avenue, and lot, 36x120 feet, 17S
feet north of Seventeenth street, for
$4400; for Jacob Fleischman, improve
ments and lot, 25x75 feet, on the north
west line of Shipley street, 75 feet
northeast of Sixth, for $3250; for Peter
P. Feathaston. Improvements at 131-145
Welsh street, and lot 25x80 feet, for
$3175; for John F. Geib, Improvements
and lot, 25x122:6 feet, on the east line
of Treat avenue, 95 feet south of Twen
tieth street, for $2600; for Neils C. Mor
tenson, lot 25xl0i feet on the south line
of Twentieth street, 100 feet east of
Harrison, for $1100; for M. Daly, lot
27:6x110 feet on the east line of Folsom
street, 135 feet south of Precita ave
nue, for $8350; for Mary Gosland, im
provements at 6 Prescott court and lot,
20x57:6 feet, for $750; for Christian N.
Jensen, improvements and lot on the
west line of York street, 155 feet south
of Twenty-first, 27:6x100 feet, for $3000.
Hoag & Lansdale announce that the
tract of land owned by the San Fran
cisco and Fresno Land Company,
fronting on Fifth and Sixth avenues
and the Presidio wall, has been sold
to William A. Lange. The considera
tion is private, but it is understood to
be something in the neighborhood of
$40,000. The tract contains in all about
38 lots and lies Just west of the Tib
bits tract, vwhich, aa announced last
week, is to be made into a residence
park. Mr. Lange will begin immedi
ately to grade the lots and put the
streets in first-class condition. His
idea is to make this a strictly resi
dence district -and building restrictions
will be enforced prohiblUng the erec
tion of any flats, stores, etc. Hoag &
Lansdale will have the handling and
selling of this tract.
The same firm announces the sale of
two flats on the west line of Willard
street, 128 feet from Frederick, 28x100,
to Louis A. Meyer for $7500; also lot
on the north side of Jackson street,
east of Devisadero, 27:6x137:6.
BU>*CI1 OF TRANSACTIONS.
Easton. Eldridge & Co., G3S Market
street, report the following sales in
their city real estate department:
For Nellie A. Lasell to Patrick Me-
Grath, lot and Improvements on the
south line of Pine street, 115 feet east
of Devlsadero, 22:6x87:6, and 2-story
residence, $3600; for C. Blelowskie to
William Wolf, northwest corner of Cal
ifornia and Webster streets, 52:3x82:7,
with three 2-story and basement dwell
ings, Nos. 2300, 2302 and 2304 California
street, J20.000; for Oscar Cappelman to
F. Marx, south line of Pine street, 8U4
feet west of Webster, 25x100, nominal
improvements, $3600; for Annie Phair
to John Melerdierks, lot and improve
ments on the north line of Tehama
street, 112:6 feet east of Fourth, 25x80,
six tenement' flats, Nos. 268 and 268%
Tehama street, $6350; for F. O. Ren
strom to Mary E. Burke, northwest
corner of Church and Cumberland
streets, 64x105, and a 6-room cottage,
$4800; for the Painter estate, lots 8, 9
and 13 in block 156, South San Fran
cisco Homestead Association, to G. H.
Roundey,- $340; for B. and Anna De-
Several Business Locations Find New Owners and
Figures Are Supplied That 'Indicate' Increases
in Values Commensurate With Progress of City
WEEK IN LOCAL REALTY MARKET
IS QUIET WITH STRONG PRICES
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JUNE 19; 1904:
Continued on Page 3-1, Column S.
33
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Th'ey (Imply tell of a defect of the scalp
cr of sickness and pain, of work end
worry, or even of Imprudent living.
Why advertise ycur trouble*?
I will' devote this coming week to
FREE TREATMENTS
Sufficient to convince tho most skeptical
that every woman can poaeess that chief
essential to beauty— a fresh, healthy
complexion and beautiful hair.
You probably fully realize how obnox-
loun these blemishes arc, but you are too
sensitive to investigate a. treatment 'for
their removal. Do 'you know the - longer
these blemishes are allowed to run on un-
checked the more numerous they become?
Consider this coming week your oppor-
tunity and let ma prove what I can do
toward renovating your skin and restore
your gray hair. Remember, Investigation
coKts you nothing:. I have yet found no
case of skin affliction beyond repair. Con-
sultation strictly private. No publicity.
FGUR-DAY HAIR RESTORER
Imparts the natural color to gray or faded
hair. Not a dye. No disagreeable after
effects, nor stickiness, ft. 00.
f UperflUCUS J. h f greatest of all
• • n-im disfigurements of a
HA. In woman's^ face, perma-
nently removed in 6 the only suc-
cessful way with the ELECTRIC
needle, as operated by Mrs. Har-
rison.
-, Sample box of * Lo.a Montez
Creme and my face powder sent
free.
Visit ms and see what may be
• dons for you.
imrs. nettTeTharrison,
' DERMATOLOGIST.
140 Geary St., Opp City of Paris,
: •> ' San Francisco.
Especial attention is invited to
the
DOMESTIC HELP
SITUATION WANTED
advertisements.
Readers will also proSt by care-
fully scrutinizing the
REAL ESTATE and BUSINESS
CHANCES
advertisements in THE CALL.
See pages 42 to 47.
ADVERTISEMENTS* V > <
• /
7 Cor.Post&Kearhy Sts. 0ki
AEVEKTISEMENTS.
••¦;¦ . ¦ :¦ •¦. . ¦ ¦•. ¦.¦¦.:.¦.¦•.:• ¦¦¦;¦, ¦•'....••¦¦:¦:¦/¦¦:¦•:¦:¦¦¦¦:¦:¦:¦•:¦¦. .-..¦: : • :.•¦:¦;
hED. PIN A UD'S
(FEO2TOUJRCED PEE-NO)
EAUDE QUININE
HAIR TONIC
Used by people of all classes and conditions the world over. The
sale of ED. PIXAUD'S EAU DE QUININE HAIR TOXIC is
greater than that of all other hair tonics combined. WHY? THE
PIXAUD HAIR TOX^IC is the product of the foremost labora-
tory in Europe. It is compounded by a thoroughly trained corps
of skilled chemists. It is the only Hair Tonic used by the crowned
heads of Europe. THE PRICE IS WITH1X THE REACH OE
ALL. It not only beautifies the hair and imparts a beautiful
natural gloss, but in this hat-wearing age it prevents drynes's, dan-
druff and all of the ills that the scalp is subject to. We cannot put
hair on i bald head, but ED. PIXAUD'S EAU DE QUININE
HAIR TOXIC will KEEP the hair on your hea(T if used
constantly. BEWARE of IMITATipXS'. SEE that the
NAME Ed. Pinaud is on each , 1 ,
IxjttJe. Eree sample mailed on We * rc tne Ingest manufao
L ,- . . . turers in the world of high
recent of 4 c to pay postage. grade perfames . Our name is
£xl. Pinaud s American Of- a guarantee of highest quality.
ficc. Ed. Pinaud Building, Xew —Parfumerle Ed. Pinaud, {fi
York Cit\-. Place Vendomc, Paris.
WM We Make a Specialty of Mm
JJ|fc> Furnishing Flats JM
M m 1111 S AD P X, B SEAT
EOCKEK Quarter- _» M K§@V I | 1 S DnriNO C BLAHS
*aw*d oak.well polished. liS » "*e1 ¦ Uf UF —well ftnlxhed: . only
caddie seat; $1 cash. 00c *W ff - • H ¦ i, 1^ 01 "*, P erson ' n *-
a w*fic — cr r» ca W mi t »i.«'i> value; ~ fi/-.
prj^cfr. $6.50 |I BJg = this week.....OUC
I Worth of Furniture and jijll'
$7.50 Cash pug
*¦/' C1 CflT* \A/i»/*Ir -Golden oak finish.
% $ l.DUa W CCK *,£%£&&:«&
c Hir pokier- g£ res " c $ £ V A 1^-
&r^v$ •»'£ Ow Dollar per Week Opens an ™*....S5.75
ror, well finished; reg. \ r ., ., nmiwn
i f h£ wVek"!.. $9.75 \ Account. *ISS
* we pay fr«I«ht and carfare. K&jrvSB
.^gSgEg, Our term* also apply to Oak- KWWl
@g|i!^=r __^^3» land . Alameda. Berkeley and aU Bc$^tl
BLE — Quarter- — ; " "' *" *"»' nj-" 1 '**¦*'
sawed oak. round, W . TV vimnma *n ik JAPA2TXSE BTTCX—
Folid. piano finish HA » . , **£ T 5?? SS TT 30,55 incnes , »„ „,!.
table. good and weight. XX tlCKlnff. the best c i s> must bo s*»n to
strong: ili? rjf. value on the market; re*. h« appreciated: rer.
price 3>ID.UU $15 value, this CO OS *2.0O value. - * l
$1.00 down and 75c a week 4>O.^J thu CJ Iff
week. week O*»I€f
%£&££& J OPErt SATUR PAYS Uti TIL .IQP.H.f^iiiM^
,^¦1 1 1— — ¦¦iMtmramnmi—rm — n ___— ______ _ n— — — —^
. You kin teach the Polar dime i -. _FS^ 1
Fer a quarter, while z diaie V > f II K^rfS^JSt »
T»kr« you plumb to the equator, If jr« like} f ZJ \C\ \.
Yon k:n travel t>»n to M*r§, w A^f / xSi* l *^»\ \\ %
An a ways beyond the «iari, 6 \a \|3 #
Fer a dollar thirtr-scvcn on the Piice. € %j V&k. Wo
—"A Ballad of the Tike," by Wallace Irwla. CopTrighted \ >fit B^Jw \
by Collier's Weekly. Publiibed by permiwioa \Y** 'f^^jcTTjM 1 m'^t 7\ \
$67.^ if; WH \
"*¦' • i . nil !**"*¥
To St. Louis and Return j |I W
Au|u«t3,9,io,it,i9j September 5,6,7,8, October J, P 4,J, 6. JH| I'/Mm I
Return limit, nint'.y dayt. / / '.*jjii J
Take the Rock Island Systsm and you go /j| k llysp
"thro' without change. Scenic or Southern mm j It lagyjk
Line, as preferred. Standard and tourist *>j * J \\vf/
sleeping car»; dining cars. .Trains stop at -^*^ _% I Lr
Main Entrance World's Fair. * • \
wMEgCSijSfeS^awnRjA Full information on repot. \ I
Call cr wriw. — r t\Jf^S^^3
igTBvrawjfisJtegH C A. RuTHi»ro*D, D. P. A., «e_^ \^?^\^**
nJffr^fi^lvHUJPr^ 2 3 Market Street, ~*' '
IffiS^^^^lil SinFnndicfc
AJiVERTISPiMFIfra.
l! - 200 MEN'S Combination Suits, regularly U
If »- *t 53; SPECIAL, while f\f\ |
B tf^^^^^^^^S ; 00 BOYS' Combination Suits. Ci Off B
B W^%T' Ir-jzi *^a0$X% regularly «ld at $2; SPECIAL^ $ J . _- D |
tl ' -SgJg^«ff«3 - ; <>&%&,'£3fc t5 ° LADIES' Wool Alpaca Suits, neatly j
[j g^wR^gg-^^a_fj» 32-42; SPECIAL. $_C.__O H
|j '*-S^w5^_£S[2__**^2i and the most complete Uae on the Coast of i
Eg Ladies' Suits SI.50 to $25.00 Men's SuiU 75c to S8.00 H
|:| Girls' SuiU SI.25 to S5.00 Boy*' SuiU 50c to $350 O
\\ Al«> Capi, Shoes. Water Wings. Etc. M
1 1 Oul!ng Hats and Tarns, U.^OJlr. |/i/^|^^C' I
j ' Men's Jerseys, Sweaters, g M
j] Le__ln_4. Belts. Caps, KNITvTINGCO 1
j Tennl& S£ Wear 60 B:M * Stfeet ' San f™*™ 1
y lacnimi wear. OPEN tATURDiYS TILL 10 P. M. |Most people who grant a favor ex
pect two In return.
' Trmpp«r*a Oil eu»»s rheumatlim and n*ur»l«1».
I DnntiO. 60c UiaX. , IUchMd * Co.. 404 CUr»«
Fancy vests at cost. See window. Tom
Dillon, hatter, opposite Palace, *
Dies Wlillc Washing.
Isaac Shay, a native of Ireland. 68
years of age, died suddenly yesterday
morning in the Adelaide lodging
house, 614 Howard street, while
washing himself.
Because he thinks the climate of San
Francisco is like that of the Orange
Free State, General. Gideon Joubert
has determined to. remain here. He
arrived In San Francisco after. an ex
tended tour of the country. The gen
eral is a nephew of the famous leader,
Plet Joubert, who died during the
Boer war. . General Gideon Joubert
took a prominent part in the struggle
and was wounded three' times, once
almost fatally. '
General Joubert to Stay.
Alaska Excursions Season 1004.
Land of the Midnight Sun. Glaciers
and a thousand islands en route. Inside
passage. Seasickness unknown. The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
leave Seattle 9 a. m. June 21. July 6. 10.
Aug 2. 16. For information apply to
Pacific Coast S. S. Co.'s Ticket Offlcea. 4
New Montgomery st. (Palace Hotel) and
10 Market st. C D. Dunann. Gen. Pas
senger Agent. San Francisco. •
Tour weddlns Invitations »hould be m&dft by
Edward S. Knowles, 24 Second Btre«t. ••
A cunning: attempt to smug-pie 500
cigars and several bolts of Bilk was
frustrated yesterday by customs in
spectors while the United States army
transport Logan was in the stream.
The officers boarded a launch that
was lying alongside the transport and
found the smuggled goods that had
been slipped from the transport Into
the launch. The goods will be sold
ax auction for the benefit of the Gov
ernment.
"Uncle Sam's Men Smuggle.
"Have you read 'A Philosopher's Fa
ble' In this paper to-day? Look for it."*
T. Oshlma, a Japanese employed at
1102 Fulton street, while on his way
home early yesterday afternoon from
a Chinese gambling resort on Waver
ley place, was approached by five
Japanese on Dupont street, between
California and Sacramento. They
asked him for money and when he re
fused they attacked him and beat him
severely. His cries were heard by
Policeman Brady, who made a search
for the assailants, but could not find
them. Oshlma was sent to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital.
Japanese Badly Beaten.
B. 7. Etoll. dentist: 'Halght & Muonlo ave.*
Chretien's Name In Court.
Attorney Brady made a motion be
fore Judge Dunne yesterday on be
half of Convict John M. Chretien to
strike off the reserve calendar a
charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses. The Judge took the mat
ter under advisement- Chretien has
been employed in the Warden's of
fice at Ean Quentin, but has recently
been put to work in the Jute mill, as
it was alleged he -had forged a con
vict's name to a check for $50.
William H. Jordan, meat inspector,
secured a warrant yesterday for the
arrest of Philip Deller, a butcher at
Colma, on the charge of selling taint
ed meat. Jordan says he went to Ben
ders sausage factory at 3373 Mission
street on Friday and discovered the
carcass of a cow which was badly
tainted. He seized it and demanded
where lt came from. He was In
formed that it had been purchased
from. Deller.
Arrested for Selling Bad Meat-
Disregarding the conventionalities
that usually attend marriage ceremo
nies and refraining from even notifying
their friends and relatives of their In
tentions, William L. McGulre. a widely
known young attorney of Hanford, and
Miss Maybell Agee, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. William Agee, prominent res
idents of Stockton, were quietly mar
ried In this city yesterday. The cere
mony was performed by Archbishop
Montgomery at his residence, and Im
mediately after the happy youngcouple
•^rent to the Palace Hotel, there to ar
range for an extended bridal tour.
The first Intimation McGulre's friends
received of his marriage was when he
visited the Palace with his bride and
quietly registered. Later in the day the
couple dispatched to the bride's parents
in Stockton the first news of their wed
ding, and while waiting for a response
and the expected parental blessing the
husband wired his own relatives of bis
nuptial event.
Mrs. McGulre is a handsome brunette,
who was reared in Kings County, where
she first met her husband during a visit
there. It was a love match from the
start, and when the young lady re
turned to the present home of her
parents In Stockton, McGulre persisted
In his wooing until the fair maiden had
pledged her heart to him. Recently she
Journeyed to the south again to visit
an aunt, and while there she and her
future husband agreed upon an early
marriage and made their plans accord
ingly. Two days ago young McGulre
came to this city, and his bride followed
later, arriving here yesterday in time
to fulfill the important engagement.
Attorney McGulre was among the
first students to enter Stanford Univer
sity, and on leaving that institution
went to Hanford to practice lawr. He Is
the legal adviser of a number of oil
companies there and in Coallnga. He
is also a United States Court Commis
sioner for Southern California, but
spends a great deal of his time in this
city, where he is a member of several
clubs and enjoys a large circle of ac
quaintances.
Maybell Agee of Stockton
Becomes the Wife of W. L.
McGuire, a Young Lawyer
QUIETLY WED
IN THIS CITY
Lou Lee was charged v with firing a
shot at Kum Chin in Baker alley on
March 29, and Lou Sing with firing a
shot at Louie Poy at the same time
and place. They belonged to rival
tongs and each claimed that the other
fired the shots.
The Judge reserved his decision on
the motion to dismiss the Lou Sing case
till June 25.
When the case of Lou Sing, charged
¦with assault to murder, was called- In
Judge Dunne's court yesterday to be
set for trial a motion was made by At
torney Frank O. Drury to dismiss lt
on the ground thai a Jury in the case
of Lou Lee, tried on aislmilar charge
on Thursday, had brought in a verdict
of acquittal.
The Judge said he was disgusted with
Chinese cases and he sincerely hoped
that no more would be assigned to his
court "A number of witnesses," said
the Judge, "swear one way and a num
ber the other way, and each side can
get white witnesses to bear out the
statements of the Chinese. These for
eigners come to this country and have
no respect for our laws. I have no fault
to find with the verdict of the jury in
the Lou Lee case, but I cannot help
commenting on the fact that several
policemen came 'into court and testified
that the character of the complaining
witness was bad. It seems to me
strange that peace officers would do
such a thing. I do not want any more
of these cases In this court."
Judge Dunne Takes the Op
portunity on a Motion to
Express^ Strong Disgust
WANTS NO MORE
CHINESE CASES
Easton. Eldridge & Co. report strong
inquiry concerning their auction sale of
the Frultvale Addition to Frultvale on
next Saturday, the 25th inst, on the
property bounded by Redwood avenue
and School and Davis streets. The of
ferings comprise SOO villa lots Imme
diately adjacent to the Fruitvale broad
gauge station, and also available from
the Fourteenth-street electric line. The
Contra Costa Water Company's pipes
pass through the property and a mod-
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will hold a mis
cellaneous auction sale to-morrow at 20
Montgomery street.
Sol Get* & Son report the following
sales: Lot 25x120. west line of Ninth
avenue, 125 feet south of J' street, to
A. C. Baker; 26x120, west line of
Forty-eighth avenue,. 62:6 feet south
of K street, to J. Ferrando; 25x120,
west line of Forty-eighth avenue.
137:6 south of K street, to L.
Schlueter. 25x120, west line of Forty
fifth avenue. 100 feet south of H street,
to J. Torrens. for $860; 26x100, north
line of I street, 32:6 east of Forty
seventh avenue, to W. C. Cavill, for
$850^ 82:6x100. northwest corner of
Forty-fifth avenue and I street, to M.
A. Shearer.
SELLING AT AUCTION.
and Improvements on the south line of
Hayes street. 110 feet west of Buch
anan, 27:6x110, improvements con
sisting of two flats of six and seven
rooms and bath, and a cottage in the
rear on Linden avenue, all renting for
$68 50 per month, for the account of
Ellen and William Keegan to John
Higgins, for $8200: lot and improve
ments on the north side of Jackson
street. 137:6 feet east of Jones, 25x
1S7:6, improvements consisting of two
flats of five and six rooms and bath,
commanding flna marine view, rented
for $50 per month, for Mrs. I. W.
Tindal to C. T. Sanford. for $7500; lot
and improvements on the east line of
Baker street. 25:8% feet north of Sac
ramento, 25:6x102:6, Improvements
consisting of cottage of seven rooms
and bath, for M. Hemmenway to C.
and E. lionet, for $4250. In Glen
Park teVrace, lots 43 and 49 are re
ported sold to C. Stader for $1000. In
the Bowie tract, San Mateo, lot 1.
block 63, was sold for Mrs. B. Carlson
to W. B. Chase for $500.
Continued From Page 33, Column 7.
WEEK IN THE LOGAL REALTY MARKET
IS QUIET, BUT PRICES. ARE STRONG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,;/ SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1904.
On Thursday next Baldwin & Howell
will offer at auction at their salesrooms,
25 Post street, for the estate of Corne
lia B. Stanly, the three-story and base
ment brick building on the southwest
corner of Bush stret and Mary lane,
between Kearny street and Grant ave
nue, directly opposite the California
Hotel and theater, known as 425 and
427 Bush street, subject to confirma
tion by the probate court.
Easton. Eldridge & Co. report a live
ly month in their auction department.
They will have a record of three mis
cellaneous sales of real estate' in this
city In the month of June. A catalogue
of properties to be sold at their sales
room on Tuesday, June 28, includes sev
eral Important holdings. Among them
are the following: No. 1115 Post street,
27:6x120 feet, through to Cedar avenue
in the rear, with modern ten-room
dwelling, having room In the rear for
small flats: four fiats at 760, 762 and
764 Sixth avenue, north of D street.
ern sewerage system Is in construction.
Only a few minutes' ride from San
Francisco at an exceedingly low rate
of commutation. Frultvale affords a
complete and beneficial change of cll
mat». The firm announces the sale to
take place at 3 o'clock In the after
noon on tha property, which can be
reached by the Southern Pacific trains
to Frultvale station or by electric road
to Fourteenth street and Frultvale
avenue.
Vallejo and "Webster streets.
M. D: Brown will build a two-story
and basement structure on the north
west corner of Broderick and Union
streets at a cost of $14,750.
D. Sanderson plans to
erect two two-story buildings on the
south line of Broadway, between Stock
ton and Powell streets, that will. cost
$30,000.
C. Carrier! will put up a four-story
and basement apartment building on
the southwest corner of Broadway and
Virginia street, to cost $16,000. .
with lot 27x120 feet< lot 30x122:6 feet on
the west line of Shotwell street, 125
feet north of Twentieth, with nominal
improvements: lot on the north line of
Fell street, 81:3 feet east of Cole. 25x100
feet: four flats at 3537, 3539 and 3541
Sacramento street, west of Spruce,
with lot 25:6x132:7% feet: Cottage on
the west line of Goetingen street, south
of Silver avenue, with lot 50x100 feet
and stable in the rear: cottage at 628
Eighth avenue, north of C street, with
lot 28:10%xl20 feet and modern stable:
two fiats at 2626 and 2626A Bush street,
east of Broderick, with flats, and stable
in rear; also several buildings lots in
the Mission that will be sold to close
the estate of David R. Jones, the lots
being in the blocks bounded by Church.
Dolores, Twenty-sixth and Armstrong
streets.
' A. H. Turner plans to erect a $20,000
residence on the northeast corner of
34
n ADVEBTLSTnTRNTSb
SPECIAL SALE
i OF— l —
Fancy and Black Silks, and
Ladies' Silk, Moreen and Mer-
cerized Sateen Petticoats . . .
SILKS SKIRTS
Fancu striped TAFFETA Ladles' Black Taffeta SILK
SILKS; Jacauard Taffeta in PETTICOATS, extra neayu
Black Grounds with co: orel aualltn, made with accor-
pin dots. And Persian strlpzd dlon pleated $4.50
Taffeta silks. These were flounce. Price ....each
rormerlosoldat75c,85cand Regular yalue, $6.50 each.
$1.25 ud. 65C colored Taffeta SILK
Present price yd. pethcoats, hoth plain and
Fancn Black and White changeable. These are In
and Wh.teand Black STRIP- all the new colors. Made
ED SILKS. Navuand White with accordion pleated
and.Bl3Ck and White Polka flounce and one row §6.00
Dot Surah Silk, formerlu ofruchlng. Price, bach
sold at $1.00 and $1.50 75c Regular value, $8.50.
Bi. Reduced to yd. Black Mercerized Moreen
Chameleon Tarfeta Antlaue and Yelour PETTICOATS,
and co ored French Tarfeta made with deep Spanish
Antlaue, White Ground Taf- flounce and four rows of
feta with colored Polka Dots j stitched sateen §3.00
extra hBavu aualltu; for- bands. Price each
menu sold for $1.75 and Regular value, $4.00.
$2.00 ud. $|.00 FYTRA SPFPIAI
Reduced to yd. LAIKA drLUAL
FVTD/% CDFPI/II 30 a0ZeI1 BlflCk SATEE N
EXTRA SPECIAL pettiloats, made from an
15 pieces Black TAFFETA extra aualltD Mercerized
SILK, full 36 inches wide, Sateen, full size and fast
an extra hsavu lustrous blaGk. Tben are made with
auallttjj alwaus sold for three hemstitched $| 00
$1,25 ud. Sl.00 ruffles. Price ....bach
This lot yd. Regular value, $1.50.
. Ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STEEET.
APVEBTISEMENTa.
A Forced Sale of
TAILORED SUITS
N 'tSlt- * or Monday
J^^ $20 Tailored Suits for $11.75!
jf&K* And the season barely half
f\ s£V gone! Cou'dh't think of doing
A jjj\ itunderordinarycircumstances,
/J\i W but when a belated, given-up-
*&-I4kh$ for-lost shipment of suits ar-
wJp/lB ' r ' ves * n a we H~ s tocked store
J^f i I ] what else is there to do? Sell
i^^\ I I I them and let the cost take care
till of itself wasourpromptdecision
J" I II in the matter. The railroad
S } I Y company must stand the loss.
/jjiki vtv ' n tne^ ot s included a great
dffJim v»^ assortment of styles, both coat
wTfflilm >!&> an( * ton e^" cts » in black, navy
— .J?r and brown cheviot, tan, blue,
brown and gray mixtures. They
are all this season's styles from a maker of national
fame. The jackets are silk lined, the skirts cut full and
the workmanship is a feature you will appreciate.
A sale like this certainly means something to you.
$20 Suits for $11.75
Remember that tomorrow (Monday) is the day. Take our
advice, do your shopping early. Assortments are better, sales-
people fresher — every advantage is yours.
$10 Trimmed Hats $5 I $10 Walking Skirts$4.50
A Sale for Monday A Sale for Monday
A recent inventory of shapes We have decided to very
and trimmings revealed the materially reduce our stock of
fact that a Trimmed Hat walking skirts. We want to
clearance is necessary. We do it quickly — that means cut
have been busy for ten days the price. We want you
getting things in shape. Our to share in the saving that is
corps of trimmers has* been made possible by the Sale
working steadily, producing which begins to-morrow
creations that will appeal im- (Monday) morning. Every
mediately to those who know line we offer has been a strong
what hats should be. You leader at the regular prices,
will find all the new shapes ranging from $8.50 to $10.00.
in the best and most popular They are truly wonderful val-
m^erials; all the- new trim- ues at the sale price — $4.50.
ming ideas. The materials are black,
We have reduced the price navy and brown Broadcloth,
just half to make sure of a • Venetian cloth, cheviot and
perfect clearing. If you need light, medium and dark mix-
a hat see to it that you come tures. They are cut full, the
in the morning and get first workmanship perfect, the
choice of these $10.00 hats for styles the latest. Come to-
Five Dollars I
The Millinery Department is loca- " V*** *? ** *>J
ted on the third floor and easily reach- You make clean saving of from four
ed by our spacious elevator. to five dollars and fifty cents.
A Clearing Sale of
High-Grade Silk Waists for
Monday «g^
To get things in proper shape in our T
Silk Waist Department we must sell (* £f
about 400 waists — hence this sale for to- .r^-sfC* 1^
morrow. We propose to place on sale /0M^ %^<&>
high grade Peau de Soie, Peau de Cygne,
Crepe Mousseline de Soie, Alfover Lace l^imfMwW^i.
and Net Waists. They are most ele-
gant creations, in delicate tints of . pink,
blue, helio and good style assortments in y^^S^^^^l
white and black. You can wear them with "^C^^^V
impunity to the theater or any afternoon a^^^iT"^^
or evening event. ¦BBSBsBsA
It will be decidedly to your interest to JHBflgra|
take advantage of this sale, where you
$6.50 Waists for , $3.50
$12.50 Waists for $5.75
$2o.bo Waists for.. $9.75
. And many other reductions which we do not mention on ac-
count of the small number of each style. ;£f££
M.J5).2>avis&Co.
Cor. Srant Jtve. and Seary «JV.
EXPEHT OPTICIAN.
*~Qg> Don't Ruin Your Eyes "«h
If You Wan't Perfect Vision
TOU SHOULD WEAR GEORGE MAYERJ,E7S GLASSES.
For w*4tft and tore eyes use Geoire Miyerle's Eyewater. 50c.: by mall. 62c
To cle&a your Gl&sses use Georre Mayerle 'a ANTISEPTIC Eyeglass Wli>era, 2 for 25c.
Send P. O. order cr Welle-FarRO.
Gsorge Mayerle
Gensaa Expert Optician. 1071 Market St.
¦?^*2 Doors from Seventh Street
CTES EXAMINED FREE. Open evenlnpg until 9. Phone South 672.
*»— =- ¦ w n * \ R T r% ¦ > ¦ * t Don't b« misled by th« ap-
m^^T^ if— £ B""" 1 \f\f A\ It? I"" 1 * pearar.ee of any other wln-
67 resemble mine.
To Avoid Mistake. "Ponrrfn \\ r%\if\r\r\' fy **^5^S
Look forte Name UBOrgC iVIdyCriC
Established S Years
APVEBTTSEJfTFXTa. t ~^~\
Sensational Price Reductions From Every Department
DRESS GOODS " READY-MADE WEAR.
75c DONEGAL HOMESPUNS, $20.00 WALKING SUITS. $12.50
39c a yard — A thousand yards in — Fancy mixed tweed effects in
mixtures, stripes and silk knob ef- Eton styles; trimmed with : .Ik
fects. Grays, tans, modes, browns, braid; light and dark mixtures; a
greens, blues etc.; all wbol, 38 in. remarkable value at fn CA
wide; verv serviceable for outing yltfvv
suits. This lot also includes some $25.00 SILK SHIRT WAIST
stylish tweed and cheviot. Your SUITS, $19.75 — Shirred waists and
choice, beginning to-morrow, sleeves; skirt to match; so*id colors
per yard «WC and figured effects in black, brown,
50c MERCERIZED BATISTE navy and garnet. A great gin nr
WAISTINGS, 25c a yard— White value at wl
and cream grounds with silk stripe $4.00 WALKING SKIRT, $2.95
effects in pink. blue, corn, reseda, — Tweed walking skirt with lapped
red, etc.; washes perfectly. «j- seams and tailor stitched bottom; a
While they last. jK>r yard good assortment to choose from
$1.50 CHIFFON ETAMINES, and a perfect fitting skirt; QC
8&c a yard—Lattice, plain and special at a. . . . . • , V6.7U
fancy Doutonnc weaves; 42 to 46 $5.00 WASH SUITS, 53-95-p
in. wide; all wool; silk finish; all Fancy mottled wash material;
the new shades, including cream trimmed with straps of same ma-
and black; your pick, be^in- on. terial, in blue, black, tan and brown
ning to-nmrrow. per vard O'C mixtures. Specially reduced *+ q^
$1.00 SILK GLOSS MOHAIR, to $«>'™
50c a yard— Sheds dnst and water; I $1.25 WAISTS, 85c— White lawn
just the tiling for <hirt wain suits, j waists, elaborately embroidery
traveling dresses and bathing cos- trimmed and tucked front and
tumes: come* in navy, royal blue, back; full pouch sleeves; spe- or
silver and gun m-rt^'pray. golden rial, while they b«t O" 7 *
brown and a rich fast black; $500 INDIA SILK WAISTS,
extra heavy iron frame weave: 50 $3.45— White only: extra quality,
inches wide: great value for. en lace trimmed; tucked front and
per ynrd "UC back: an elegant little waist, d»^ iff
Mail orders for any of the above reduced to QoAv
filled if received in # .imc. Samples FANCY GOODS
on application. 35C BELTS, 19c— Jap belts,
SILK TEPARTMENT something entirely new; all colors
Bargain seeker are reaoing a and all combinations of colors;
rich harvest in our silk department. S.ood, str ?"g buckles; all ja
Next M onday we offer the createst sizes ' 3£py ,'« We, W pV XvtA
vaiuc of all. All our 85c taffeta 5oc BERLIN LISLE GLOVES,
silks in small deigns, pin dots, 2 & V^-\ good glove for sum-
Emall checks in blue and white, mcr wea^ ver > r durable and made
green and white, brown and white for TO^ h usa * e ' lt ha . s the a P".
and grav and white, have been re- P«™ice of amuch finer glove; -j-
c^ced. Remarkable values: while a11 SIZC J &l?*% ?U2gJ? lT J^T
they Jr.ct. the entire S;c line. rn. **: SATIN TAFFETA RIB-
->er'vard - BON, 1 «=c yard— The greatest line
tatiamtcc ctt v °^ taffeta ribbon we have ever
50c JAPANESE SILK. s 5 c a shfnvn for the money . we a i so ; n _
yard-In white only: very heavy c]ude in the ]ot al , of Qur , ain
quality and splendid for -waists. taffcta ribboni 4 inches wide> and
Presses, etc 23 inches wide. 3- ; n a]1 the new shades such as
Special tin- week, per yard.. orange, etc.; a great « C/ :
HOUSEHOLD GOODS v a i uc . per yard ............. 1?C
i2' = c PILLOW CASES, 9c each foe SILK LISLE UNDER-
— Fine muslin: 3-inch hem; Q/. VESTS, 39c — Striped effects and
-ize 4^x;6: special each something verv new; light blue.
65c FULL SIZE SHEETS, 45c pink or lavender; low neck and
— Sixoo: extra large and extra imr 10 sleeves; fine for hot 5Q_
rheavy; a big value, each.... weather; special, each «'*
SPECIALS IN NOTIONS
20c DRESS SHIELDS, 9c pair— 20c SPUN GLASS LINING, per
Washable and odorless; a n yard, 14c — All colors; good quality
special, per pair "* and a bargain, while it lasts, |i_
' ioc PEARL BUTTONS, 5c per per yard I4C
dozen— Lines 14 to 24: plenty jr FEATHERBONE GIR- |jr
•'or everybody, per dozen 3* DLES—^Special, each *«/C
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dining Room Furnishings
Nothing is nicer than pleasant surroundings while eating: They
add to your appetite, aid digestion and make meal time enjoyable.
~ We arc in a better position than ever to completely furnish your din-
ing-room with all the latest up^to-date furniture, also your parlor,
bedroom and kitchen. We carry a splendid line of carpets, mattings
and linoleums to make your selection from, all late patterns just re-
ceived from the mills. Call in and see where you can save 20 per cent
in buying from us. \\c don't pay rent; that's money saved for you.
The J. Noonan Furniture Co.
j F0 17-1023 MISSION STRFFT, Above Mxth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SATURDAY — MONDAY — TUESD1Y.
BUTTER. Fancy table. square 30c
EGGS. Fresh ranch doz. 23c
TEA. Uncolored Japan lb. S3c
COFFEE. -Our Special". 3 lbs. BOc
RICE. Japan Head. 6 lbs. 25c
SALMON. Alaska pack.4 cans. 25o
CREAM. Jersey and Poppy...
3 cans. 25<S
CORN, S./eet, tender. .4 cans. 35o
PINEAPPLE. 3 lb. cans. Reg-
ular 25c can 2Oe
CASTILE SOAP. Imp...abars 35o
C.O.D. GROCERY CO., mo.
JOHN ROBINSON. President.
313 OTarrel! St, Near Mason
Telephone Tol»om 316.
For Breakfast
No Prizes
No Coupons
No Crockery
-r- _^ -^- Nothing Goes with
>7n^r^ Golden
« Gate
fe^ Coffee...
J. A. Folger & Co.
|ASTHMANOLA|
X* th« only ear* for X«rvoa« «aA
BroncM*! A8TKKCA.
Tour Diuxsut or at &« haigUX ¦*• '
8U TlUC^ ClL 4JHearst Forces \fire
Routed by the
Canny Scot.
Signal Victory of
the McNab
'.:'•¦ Machine.
SPELLACY OF KERN CHOSEN
AS DEMOCRATIC CHAIRMAN
p TATE SENATOR. J. G. DA
.1 VIS of Amador County yes
terday introduced tho fol
lowing resolution before the
meeting of the State Republican
Central Committee:
"Resolved by the Republican
State Central Committee of Cal
ifornia, the governing body of
the Republican party, that the
said committee hereby author
izes and" directs that whenever
there shall be, la any, political
subdivision of the State, more
than one body or committee
claiming to represent the Re
publican party organlgatlon, the
executive committee of the Re
publican State Central Commit
tee shall determine which of
such bodies or committees is en
titled to represent the Republi
can party In such territory."
The resolution was adopted
unanimously. ,
STATE CENTRAL
COMMITTEE TO
BE THE UMPIRE
Central Committee of Party
Declares Date and Place
to Select Its Candidates
CHOICE IS UNANIMOUS
Republicans Will Convene
for State Nominations in
Celebrated Seaside Resort
DECIDE TO MEET
IN SANTA CRUZ
"Have you read 'A Philosopher's Fa
ble' in this paper to-day? Look for it."*
Nine protests were filed: yesterday
with the Board of Works against the
proposed bituminizing of Church
street, between Twenty-third and
Twenty-eighth. The protestants want
the public proceedings on the work
to be abandoned in order that it may
be done by private contract.
Protest Against Paving Street.
Elegant special train, , sleeping, dining and
composite cars, through to World's Fair, leaves
June 23. Secure bertha Santa Fe, «U Market.*
Following is the musical programme
to-day at Golden Gate Park, Paul
Steindorff conductor: "Star-Spangled
.Banner"; Turkish* march, "L'Oda
lisque" (Kretschmer); overture, "Se
mlramide" (Rossini); waltz, "Wiener
Burger" (Zlehrer) ; ; solo for trombone,
"Friendship Polka," Louis Klotz
(Hartman) ; selection, "Babes in Toy
land" (Herbert); overture, "Stradella"
(Flotow); serenade (Schubert-Horst) ;
"A Comical Contest" (Godfrey); selec
tion, "Ermlnie" (Jacobowski); grand
English national fantasia (Kappey).
3Iuslc In the Park.
To-day will witness a sight not
duplicated elsewhere in America.
From fifty miles away, from down the
valley and up from it, from over the
mountains blue-rimmed in the dis
tance will come horsemen and rigs of
all descriptions, bearing down upon
the mission to celebrate in old Span
ish fashion the natal day of the patron
saint. And as I recall the scene last
year it brings to mind, a picture of
the mission in its prime, when gray
clouds of dust in the distance told of a
wayfarer seeking hospitality — and
what he sought for always found, for
in all the wide world there was no
hospitality like unto that of the
halcyon days of the mission's pros
perity.
MASS ONCE A YEAR. .
Since the death of Father Ambris
in 1880, the last custodian of the mis
sion, mass has been said there only on
this day. As the years wore on time
dealt hard with the church, assisted
ably by vandals, who tore from the
sacred structure its massive doors, its
pulpit and its hand-carved altar rails
when the restraining hand of good old
; Father Ambris was stilled. And for
many years — ever, since the roof fell
in — the service has been held in the
vc tibule, where a rude altar was built
by loving hands. Thither the ojd
statue of St. Anthony is reverently
borne and blossoms from the patio
gathered to grace the shrine. Here, at
this crude altar. Father Garriga sings
the mass and is answered by Antonio
Gomez, a man of some 60 years, who
has served as acolyte in the mission
since his early youth.
The service over, the fun begins.
The river bed, cool and shady, beckons
the people thither. Soon snowy cloths
are spread, baskets dispossessed of
good things to eat and drink and the
feast is on. Songs are rising from
every group, guitars are tinkling mer
rily, and the days before the gringo
came are with us once more.
What a sweet perfume that pastoral
picture wafted to us of the busy city.
That is life!
GRAVES OF THE FOUNDERS.
It is not generally known that with
in the ruined chapel lie the graves of
the founders— of all save the saintly
Serra, who rests In San Carlos de Bor
romeo, in Monterey.
When the league set to work to clear
the debris from the church — and tons
of it there was— the sepulchres of the
priest-pione'ers were disclosed.' In fact,
evidences of ghoullsm were observed,
after which discovery the Indian la
borers refused to work about the tombs.
The truth of the matter will probably
be revealed to-day, when the Francis
can historian, Father Zephryn, and
Father Garriga will make an official ex
amination of the sepulchres.
Here lie the bodies of Fathers Buena
ventura Sitjar, who passed away Sep
tember 3, 1808; Francisco Pujol y Pujol,
who died by poison in 1801, strangely
Last year, when W. D. Shea, the
architect directing the restoration; Jo
seph R. Knowland, the- president of
the Landmarks League, and a pretty
of friends went down to attend the an
nual feast of San Antonio, great were
the lamentations of the people from
the hills and valleys round about be
cause of the lost joys of the unused
well. But through the energies of the
workmen this year its nectar will allay
the thirst of many who drank the first
draught of childhood from its dark re
cesses.
whose water is said to be the coldest
In all the country round — which is
something of a reputation where the
thermometer goes to 115 degrees with
an ease born of habit.
OLD MISSION OF SAN ANTONIO
DE PADUA. WHICH WAS FOUND
ED IN 1771.
To-night we hope to see the mission
once again by moonlight— the Melrose
Abbey of the West. ,
Here, uncovered.
In the shadow of this ancient sanctuary,
scarred with storms,
I stand In silent reverie. Ton silver bell.
That called the savage unto the fold of Christ,
Hangs as of yore In Its beaten belfry — mute.
At Its sourd In years agone. the day was born;
It called to nvass, to meal, to Held, to horse;
And then the Angelus, that sweet appeal to
heaven
Rose up from simple hearts In this Arcadia.
And once again.
At eventide, its soft and silvery peal
Went rippling over hill and rancherla—
A call to rest — to orisons benign —
While tlouds of incense sweet, and hymns
divine
Rolled upward to the great omnipotent, .
In thy silvery gleam. Oh, moon,
A solemn train treads by; with gown of brown.
With cowl and beads, the monks of old
glide by;
Behind them tread the neophytes, with voice*
Attuned to song: but they -as* Into the shadow
And melt away in the doom.
Under these slabs
They lie at rest— at rest from their wearied
toll:
Oh. sacred spot— where lie these sainted men.
Who of their lives gave all— gave friends and
home, and tongue,
And e'en the pant's of hunger felt — and
Rinlled — for God?
The spot Is blest, thrice blest — more sacred 'tis
To me, in moonlit hours than proud ca
thedrals —
More near to the man of Nazareth.
Of the last interment the tale is told
among the natives that the beloved
minister had served the devotees of
Soledad Mission for thirty years, suf
fering the pinch of poverty with stoic
heroism, refusing many times to relin
quish a post that was too poor to sup
port him. At last he fell ill and passed
away without even the consolation of
the last sacrament, amid the mournine
of his children, dying, it is said, from
illness brought on from starvation.
Tearfully the Indains he loved so
well fashioned a -bier of pine boughs,
upon which they laid him tenderly, and
with pine torches to light the way over
the mountain trails when darkness
would fall upon them they set out for
San Antonio Mission, eighty miles
away, that their beloved master might
be laid to rest with the blessings of the
church he served so well. By day and
by night they bore the bier over the
narrow mountain passes, arriving at
the mission with their grim burden,
lighted by flaming torches. With sor
rowful hearts they laid him away and
grimly marched back to their desert
huts, rehearsing to this day- his saintly
memory. '
administered while visiting the mis
sion from San Carlos; Juan Bautista
Sancho, who passed away in 1830; Do
roteo Ambris (not a Franciscan), prob
ably the first priest ordained in Cali
fornia and the last minister at San
Antonio, and Father Sanchez, the last
friar who served in the mission of Sole
dad—he who died the death of a hero.
DIES OF STARVATION.
Chairman Stone, at the suggestion of
Senator E. I. Wolf and Judge Dibble,
appointed a committee of three from
the executive committee of the Repub
lican State Central Committee to con
fer with a committee of three from the
State League of Republican Clubs,
heretofore appointed, for the purpose
of arranging for a meeting to ratify
the choice of the Republican National
Convention for President and Vice
President of the United States. The
chairman appointed E. F. Woodward
of Santa Rosa, Frank A. Schmltz and
J. K. Wilson of San Francisco to repre
sent the executive/committee of the
Republican State Central Committee.
State Senator E. . I. Wolfe, Thomas
Rickard of Berkeley and Judge Dibble
of San Francisco will represent the
State League of Republican Clubs in
the conference, which will be held on
next Tuesday afternoon. Then the
date and .place of the fcig ratification
meeting will be determined upon. It
will probably be held in the Alhambra
Theater on the night of July 6, Which
is the fiftieth anniversary of the found
ing of the Republican party.
When Pease withdrew his support of
San Francisco as the center of the con
vention the blank in the official call of
the Republican State Central Commit
tee was filled with the name of Santa
Cruz and the date was set for Thurs
day afternoon, August 25, at 2 o'clock.
At the opening of the meeting Judge
Dibble of San Francisco introduced a
customary motion that twenty-one
members of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee shall constitute a quo
rum for the transaction of business,
which was unanimously adopted. Fol
lowing this Jacob Shaen was selected
to act temporarily as assistant secre
tary in place of Jacob Steppacher, who
is piloting . the Republican delegation
to the national convention.
Then came the selection of Santa
Cruz, after Krpn and McPherson had
promised the committee that the dele
gates would have all the comforts of
home. . -
RATIFICATION COMMITTEE.
OFFICIAL CALL.
The discussion over the selection of
a place for th$ delegates to the con
vention was carried on by H. F. Kron,
the member of the central committee
from Santa Cruz; Duncan McPherson,
the veteran editor of the Santa Cruz
Sentinel, who attended on a proxy
from John W. Woods and bore an in
dorsement from the Mayor and all of
the citizens of his town for the prom
ises of hospitality that he made, and
Senator Davis of Amador, who stated
that his second for the meeting cf the
Republican delegates at Santa Cruz
was dictated largf" ' as a recompense
to her citizens, for the unruly mob of
Democrats who lately infested her pre
cincts. He thought that the State of
California owed to Santa Cruz the
spectacle of, an orderly State conven
tion In the pursuit of its political pur
poses.
Santa Cruz, the beautiful 'little city
that is whispered to by the waves of
the Pacific and bowed to by the pines
on the mountains at her back, will be
the scene of the Republican State Con
vention. This was determined at a
meeting of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee held yesterday after
noon in the maple room of the Palace
Hotel. San Francisco, through E. R.
Pease, a member from the Thirty-fifth
Assembly District, was put in nomina
tion for the honor of entertaining the
delegates to the Republican State Con
vention. Before the discussion had
proceeded far, he withdrew his motion,
leaving W) ofher municipal aspirant
for the place of the convention other
than Santa Cruz, which was awarded
the trophy by unanimous vote of the
committee.
This famous old mission was five
years old at the birth of our nation-
It was founded July 14, 1771, by
Frays Junipero Serra, the well be
loved father of the West, and Buena
ventura Sltjar. the latter living in his
tory es the compiler of a dictionary
of the Indian languages then spoken
round about the mission.
The fertile fields dotted over with
liveoaks were carefully tiled; aque
ducts built, which are to-day in sound
condition; the chapel, with its adjoin
ing residential quarters, was erected;
workshops were scattered about the
indosure; a mill was constructed,
which stands weed-grown by the tan
ning vats — all withstanding the rav
ages of a century in mute testimony
of th« love labor of the sons of St.
Francis in the western wilderness. It
Is these things that the Landmarks
League seeks to save, these things
that uplift men's fouls, for the man
does not live who could stand in the
rnldst of these things unmoved to re
flection.
FRIARS LOSE POSSESSION.
The tragedy of secularization threw
its black shadow over fair San An
tonio, as at all the missions, save
Santa Barbara, wrenching from the
good old friars the possessions they
had gathered ,for the care of their
Indian children and turning their
charges adrift. Having lived in com
munity for a half century, perform
ing their labors under direction of th<»
padres, each for the good of all, and
obtaining their food, clothing and
shelter from the community fund thus
created, what could be expected but
that they fall helpless by the wayside
When turned adrift?
The possessions of the mission, what
of them? Well, 'tis a long tale, and
not o'er pleasant telling. Cupidity,
lying, bribing and Shylocking might
Eilhouette the tale. To-day the mis-
Eion's once thousands of fertile acres
have dwindled to thirty-three— «ven
the noria, or famous mission well, ly
ing beyond the boundary line. How
ever, as it lies In the Atherten-
Macondray rancho, it is believed that
the owners will deed back to the mis
sion this historic, stone-lined well,
which was left out of the survey at
the request of a squatter, whose house
was built over It By way of extenua
tion, I would add that the surveyor
was much In love ¦with the squatter's
fair daughter, and to win the senorita
he must first win the senor — therefore
the wriggle in the boundary line.
And far be it from us to blame him!
And by the way, one of the first
duties that the Landmarks League set
itself was to clear out this old noria,
By LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
At the foot of the Santa Lucia, on
the willow-walled banks of the San
Antonio, lies the beautiful old mission
of San Antonio de Padua, with its
ruined olive orchard. Its tile-walled
city of the dead and its arched corri
dors, long untrodden by the devotee,
save at the yearly service within the
ruined chapel in honor of the good St.
Anthony. It is to attend this cere
mony that for 132 years has been held
unremittingly in this sacred Epot that
members of the California Landmarks
League and lovers of the old sanctu
ary journeyed yesterday to King City,
thence by team to Jolon, the old-time
stage coach station, and on to the mis
sion at sunrise this morning. Why at
sunrise? Because the mission is never
so appealing as then, wrapped in the
gray folds of morning, the Santa Lu
cia rising behind it like a great white
specter. And as the sun rises the
mists that enfold the mountain and
mission are lifted, even as the bride
groom lifts the veil from the fair face
of his bride; the birds and creatures
that dwell within the sanctuary fare
forth to greet the day, while the patio,
with its tangled roses, struggling
grapevines and its pomegranate trees
abloom with flaming flowers is never
bo witching as in the early morning
hours, gleam v.ith dew — never, except
it be at the moonlit hours, when the
ruined garden is lapped in the soft
diver light beloved by the dreamer.
Annual Pilgrimage
to the Famous
Old Shrine.
Journey to Mission
of San Jfntonio
de Padua.
When the name of Thomas F. Casey
of the Thirty-seventh was read Frank
Gould jumped to his feet and said his
signature to that certificate was a for
gery. M. F. Tarpey had a proxy
from Casey. Gould moved that Casey's
name be stricken from the roll, but
Murphy was not striking anything but
the table with his jackknife. Casey
was voted every time Tarpey had a
chance to answer to his name.
L. H. Mooser declined to address
Murphy as chairman and Insisted upon
going ahead with the election of a tem
porary chairman and when Murphy or
dered him to take his seat Mooser de
fied him and said he would take or-
When the Forty-ninth District was
reached, the name of J. C. Bullock was
read and that immediately brought
Warren Olney Jr. to his feet with a
charge that the list had been tamper
ed with, as his name should have been
read in place of Bullock's, as he was
regularly elected by the Santa Cruz
convention and Bullock was not. There
was such a hubbub that Murphy had
to take his jackknife from his pocket
and pound holes In the table to get
order. Bullock said Olney's name had
been substituted for his after he left
the convention hall and that he was
the man the delegation Intended to
elect. Murphy ruled .that names rati
fied by the convention were the only
ones which would be recognized and
upon the showing made by Olney his
name was substituted for that of Bul
lock. l ! -
Curtis Hillyer had also been elected
a member of . the committee but his
name was not on the roll. Murphy
would not recognize his request to
place his name among the faithful and
later it was demonstrated that McNab
had captured the convention.
GOULD CHARGES FORGERY.
OLNEY DOWNS BULLOCK.
Geary also read .from the code and
said there should be certificates from
the chairman and secretary of the
Santa Cruz convention showing who
had been elected members of the com
mittee, but as nearly as he could get
at It there were no such certificates
present.
Murphy ruled that the code did not
apply in the present instance and then
it looked as though there would be an
old fashioned Democratic rough-house.
Murphy said It had been the custom
for retiring chairmen to call the new
committee together and he had follow
ed custom as he did not believe tha
code applied.
Half the commltteemen were on
their feet in an instant, but Geary se
cured the floor and shouted that ho
did net recognize Murphy's right to
preside as chairman. He demanded
that a certified list of the committee
be produced before any other business
be transacted. Murphy refused to give
way and ordered Alexander McCabe
to call the roll. J. C. Ruddock of Mea
doclno wanted a correct list, but the
roll call continued.
Continued da Page 37, Column 3,
The Hearst forces met defeat in cha- |
grin and surprise at the hands of .Gavin !
McNab in the Democratic State Central
Committee yesterday afternoon. So
confident of victory were the followers
of Hearst under the leadership of M. F.
Tarpey that they flaunted the picture
of M. F. Cochrane in the Hearst San
Francisco paper yesterday morning, at
taching this caption to the illustration:
"M. F. Cochrane of Marin, who will to
day be elected chairman of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee." Mr.
Cochrane is a good Democrat and a
resident of the excellent county of
Marin. A, daily paper may lose nothing
• in the field of embellishment by pre
senting his picture to its readers on the
merit of his individuality, but, never
theless, devotion to accuracy requires
the statement that T. M. Spellacv of
the county of Kern was elected chair
i man of the Democratic committee. The
Kern County man was Gavin McNab's
candidate. On the outside slate the
name of William J. McGee was writ
ten, but the name penciled on the true
inside. slate by the crafty McNab was
that of Tim Spellacy of Kern.
Cohorts of the intrepid Tarpey and
henchmen of the valorous McNab as
sembled at the California Hotel at the
time appointed for the alignment. At
tached to the Tarpey staff were such
able lieutenants as D. M. Delmas and
Harry Creswell. While Barney Muijphy
was pondering over points of order
raised by the active McNabites, sen
tences of the great nominating speech
at the St. Louis convention were tak
ing ornate finish in the Delmas mind.
Gavin McNab's immediate aids on
the scene of conflict were Thomas J.
Geary and Frank H. Gould. Dauntless
youngsters like Warren Olney Jr. and
Curtis Hillyer could not be restrained
in their ardor to support McNab. Liv
ingston Jenks, once a trusted adviser
of the' '"organization," lined up yester
day with the Hearst forces. Perhaps
the change of base was due to the per
suasive J. H. O'Brien, who yesterday
had the presence of mind in the midst
of defeat' to move that the State con
vention of the party be held in Santa
Cruz. . •'
PROXIES IN* AMBUSH.
Experts who were detailed to observe
the battle and note the points of strat
egy displayed by either side maintain
that Tarpey. was outgeneraled.- He un
derestimated the strength of his ad
versary. In counting proxies he took
into account only those filed with the
secretary. He did not reckon that Mc-
Nab had a battalion of proxies in am
bush. The crafty Scot filed in advance
some of his Interior proxies, but others,
concealed* up his sleeve, were not dis
closed until after the call of the roll
had begun. . V-V
. The McNab majority was very
slight. In preliminary skirmishing he
gained two votes. Hillyer and Olney,
whose names had not been placed on
the roll, were enrolled. The test vote
resulted Spellacy 68, Cochrane 61.
-i McNab was not ratisfled with the
capture of the chairmanship. He
Ex-Chairman Barney D. Murphy
read the call and asked that all prox
ies be handed in to the secretary. The j
question arose as to the nomination .•
of chairman and George E. Faw start- ,
ed to address the committee when j
Frank Gould raised a point of order on |
the ground that the committee had not |
been legally called together. To sus- j
tain that point he read from the code
to show that the powers of the old
committee had ceased at the adjourn
ment of the Santa Cruz convention and |
that Senator Murphy had no authority i
to act in the matter. Inasmuch as
the meeting had been called, however, J
he (Gould), as chairman of the con
vention, would ra*'*y the action. He
contended that the first thing would
be the election of a temporary chair- '
man of the committee. Murphy re- j
fused to accept the motion and the i
jangle began.- :
Thomas J. Geary also raised a point
of order and said the meeting was very
important and the committee should
work according to the code. He be- '
lieved a right start should be made
so as to prevent any possibility of a
technicality being raised by the oppo
sition and thereby injuring the chances
of "carrying the State by a 'narrow J
margin." I
MURPHY TAKES THE GAVEL.
At Santa Cruz August 22, In the af
ternoon. Democrats will again meet
and Jim O'Brien will be there to vex
the soul of Gavin McNab. Tarpey
may be there also. It is within the
range of political possibility that the
defeated and disgruntled elements of
the Democratic party will unite and
smash the McNab machine. Presi
dential Electors and candidates for
Congress will be nominated at Santa
Cruz. The whole week at the seaside
will be given up to politics. The
Democrats will probably adjourn on
the 23d and the Republicans will as
semble on the 25 th of August.
In the speeches commending Spel
lacy as the right man to lead the com
mittee in the State compaign mention
was made of his great wealth and
generous devotion to the principles of
the party. . After Spellacy's election
and just before adjournment a sug
gestion was made to assess each mem
ber of the committee to the amount
of $20, but the suggestion was not
pressed to a vote. There Is an im
pression that Spellacy is an angel
from Kern who will some time in the
dim and misty future take his place
with the Democratic .cherubim, along
with Jim Phelan and Jim Coleman.
wanted the works complete and car
ried his point by ousting AI McCabe
from the position of secretary and in
stalling Thomas J. Walsh, who was
Registrar of Voters lunder the Phelan
regime. .
The Democrats of the Hearst camp
are sullen and sore. The sorest of all
are the Marin County Democrats, who
worship at the shrine of Cochrane.
The knives that are being sharpened
in Marin for Congressman Bell of the
Second District will cut wide and
deep. In the Cochrane councils last
night the remark was made, "We had
a right to expect fair treatment, but
we got the knife from York, the law
partner of Congressman Bell. York
sat in the committee and voted against
Marin's condidate. Yes, Napa of our
own Congressional district went
against us."
THE ANGELIC SPELLACY.
NEW OFFICERS ELECTED BT THE DEMO
CRATIC STATE CENTRAL COMMITTEE
AT ITS MEETING IN THIS CITY.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1904.
Pages 35 to 4B
Pages 35 to 48
LANDMARKS LEAGUE HONORS
THE MEMORY OF ST. ANTHONYWINNER OF THE AMERICAN DERBY AT WASHINGTON PARK, IN WHICH HE
CLEARLY OUTCLASSED A BIG FIELD CONTAINING THE PICK OF THE
THOROUGHBREDS OF THE WEST.
AMERICAN DERBY WINNERS
The cemeteries of some. towns hold
out the only inducements worthy of
mention to permanent residents.
Second rac*. five and a half furlongs, selling;
— Homeric won, Cayncos second. Brown Patsy
third. Time. 1:13.
Third race, six furlongs, setting — Buddware
won Red Damsel second. Amasa third. Time.
l:KVi.
Fourth race, five furlongs, two-year-olds —
Hoollran won. Sea Air second. George P.. Me-
Xear third. Time. l:i>3V
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth mllea. sell
ing — Oro Viva won. Chickadee second. Colonel
Anderson third. Time. 1:53.
Sixth race, one mil*, handicap— Forest Kins
won. The Pride second. Piatonlus t&lrd. Time.
1:43*4.
Flr»t race, six furlongs. »«!!liig— Dotterel
won. Tours Morelto second. Pcpe Lea third.
Time. 1:17.
Racing In The Meadows.
SEATTLE. June IS. — Summary at The
Meadows:
Consolation stake — Piker beat May Connolly.
4-0; Cosatte beat Medley, &-0; Firm Fellow
b*at Apple Blossom, 6-4: Young Mountain
Belle a bye: Reckless Acrobat beat Agitator.
11-3; Wedrewond beat Haddlngton. 12-4:
Northern Alarm beat Mirage, 8-3; Fortuna
Angel beat Articulate. 23-3; Lucky Shamrock
beat Joe Pasha. 5-0; Idaho Boy beat Hera.
31-1: Wild BUI beat Tom Hurllck. 5-0; Equator
a bye- Queen> Motto beat Daisy D. 8-1; Topsy
Turvy a bye; Humbug beat Meillnwood. 13-ltt;
Inpcnous beat White Stockings, 5-1.
Some promising young greyhounds
started at Ingleside Coursing Park yes
terday in the puppy stake. Croix D
and Bright Columbia, which made
their way into the deciding course of a
stake last month, are again favorites
for the stake. Bright Columbia won the
last time by default, Croix D being
withdrawn.
J. O'Shea Jr. showed some clever
youngsters by Lundin Links-Young Fl
renzi. Key Dare is considered the best
of the litter. He had a severe trial last
week, and did cot show to advantage
yesterday.
Reck Island Minnie, a Los Angeles
greyhound of class, made her first ap
pearanceiand won cleverly.
Black Coon and Reckless Acrobat
were the class of the open stake and
were drawn together. The former won
after running two minutes and fifteen
seconds. He is still considered to have
a chance for the stake. Other stake pos
sibilities are Lulu Girl. Rock Island
Minnie. Doreen and Little Plunger.
There were few upsets, the most pro
nounced being the defeat of Mellin
wcod, the 1 to 5 choice, by Humbug.
The day's results, with Judge Thom
as Tlerney's official scores, follow:
Puppy stake — Croi.-: D beat Lady Royer. ft-1;
Silent Witter L?at Glitter. 11-4; Paaha King
beat Proper. 14-12; Cassle W a bye. EtheJ P
withdrawn- Drtght Columbia baat Roman. 38-2;
Menlo Qup«n beat Romana, 7-O; Lacy Glitter*
b*ut Brisrt Future, 8-3; Young Kerry Pippin
beet Key Dare. It-:;.
Op*n stake — Hermit beat May Connolly. 13-4:
Fr»e Costa beat Piker. 3-2: Lulu Girl beat
Cosctte. 1-3; Pasha Pleasant beat Medley. 10-*;
Lk.<iuty Gold beat Apple Bloesutn. 11-8; Flowery
Frlend beat Firm Fellow, »-8; Lady Menlo
be^t Youns Mountain Belle. 17-2; Qotd Chain,
a bye. Commercial Traveler withdrawn; Car
low Boy beat Agitator. 8-3; Dorothy M beat
Hidiilnfton, 22-3; Black Coon beat R«ck!ess
Acrobat. 16-12: Belfast beat Wedgrwood. «-2;
Grace Greenwood beat Northern Alarm. 10-4;
Jack Short beat Mirage. 8-O; Faxhanter beat
Furtuna Ans«l. 6-3; Daar Gaatoa beat Articu
late. 6-3- Oulda beat Lucky Shamrock. 10-9:
Mcdest Beauty beat Joe Pasha, 13-1; Rock
Island Minnie beat Idaho Boy. 4-0; Jessie
r>ear beat Htra. &-3; Ba>!« Bird beat Wild
Bill. 13-4: Sunny South beat Tom Hurltck.
5-3- General Fremont beat Equator. 5-0: Gold
en Feather a bye. Fannie liurhle withdrawn ;
Ready Aodress beat Que«n'» Motto, 20-2: Our
ilyra beat Daisy D. 3-2; Dartaway b«at Topsy
Turvy 4-2: Evil Eys beat Roy Hughle. «-3:
Courtly Guest beat Uumbue. 11-0; Doreea beat
MelHnwood. 10-R: Little Plunger beat Im
perious. 12-7; White Stockings beat Donny
brook. »-2.
With Reckless Acrobat He
Has a Severe Trial, but
May Go Through the Stake
BLACK C00V HAED BUN
Croix D and Bright Coltun
- bia Are Favorites for
Piippy Event at Ingleside
YOUNG HOUNDS
PERFORM WELL
The police believe he Is a vlctim^of
assault by unknown persons. Brady
did not recover consciousness up to
the hour of going to press and his con
dition Is critical.
George Allen of 1722 Twelfth ave
nue South was found near the corner
of Twenty-second avenue and Tennes
see street at 11 o'ctock last night'by
Officer Flynn. He. was taken to the
City and County Hospital In an uncon
scious condition. Examination showed
thr.t he had received contusions about
the face and head and a possible frac
ture of the 'skull. It is not known
how he received his injuries.
Thomas J. Brady, a plumber, having
a shop at 467 Eighth street. Oakland,
and residing at S10 Castro street, in
the same city, was found unconscious
shortly before midnight last night at
Fremont and Main streets. He was
taken in the harbor ambulance to the
Harbor Hospital, where his wounds
were dr»ssed, and he was then removed
still unconscious, to the General Emer
gency Hospital.
The surgeons found that the base of
:1s skull had apparently been fractured
:>• a blow" from some blunt instrument.
-Us left eye was also badly bruised
md there was a lacerated wound of the
icalp on the back of the head. Brady
was identified by Steward Camous of
thrt Harbor Hospital, who knew him.
Papers found in hl3 pocket also gave
his name and address. «
FOUXD OX THE STREETS
WITH FRACTURED SKULLS
Century — Wilkes, Trout, Hodgkins,
McWhlrter, Strohlein, Bergman,
Schou. Kenyon, Clayton, Greninger,
Shaw and Bailey.
Reno— William Kornmayer. George
Kornmayer. Mershon, Hart, Peckham.
Johnson, Updike, Knox, Barker, Mef
fley, McKenzIe and Carter.
RENO, Xev.. June IS. — The Reno
Wheelmen wrll have one of the hard
est races of their career in this city
to-morrow afternoon, when they com
pete in the first fifty-mile relay of the
season with the Twentieth Century
Wheelmen of San Francisco. Trained
to the moment and anxious for the
fray, the coast boys arrived in town
this morning and have been shown
every courtesy. They are good riders,
this the local boys know from ap
pearance, p As a consequence they look
forward to a fast race, one that will
keep both sides busy from start to fin
ish. The Reno team was never in bet
ter condition and is ready for the
struggle. The members of the teams
are:
New Century Riders and Reno Cracks
Will 3Icct In n Relay Contest .
To-Day.
WHEELMEN* ARE READY
FOR FIFTY-3IILE RACE
— English Lad. 127 (Dmnlck)13 6 6 4 4
—Moharib 125 (Shaw) « 3h 5 8
—Brand N'ew. 122 (Munro).. 5 7 4 6 Vi
— Copper. 115 (Haack) 3 83 7 2
— Fort Hunter. 125 (Wndrly) 7 21 Sh
—Merry Pioneer. 122 (Kelly) » 10 5 0
-^Blll Curtia 119 (Ollphant).ll 0 2 10 8
—Mayor D. S # . Rose, 115 (Hks)lO 12 5 It tt
-^Proceeds. 125 (Helgesen).. 1 112 12 20
— Gus Straus, 115 (J. Daly). 14 13 1 13 2
— Olney. 122 (Matthews) 12 14 2 14 1
— F-lwood. 127 (Prior) 10 15 3 15 20'
...... — Copperfleld. 122 (Knight).. 15 16 10
Time. 2:33. Start perfect. Won easily. Win
ner, W. M Schefters b. c. by Ben Strome-
Strychnia. •:._;¦
FOURTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs;
«elltng; three-year-olds and upward:
Bettlns. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
— Harfung, 91 (Nlcol),. .: ..10 7 2 12
— Durbar. S'.t (Knapp) !i Mi 2 :i
—Lanark, 110 (D.Lawrence) 12 tt % 3 Vx
Time, 1:34 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Chlnn & Forsythe's b. c. (3) by Mars-
Oulett. Kmisre 106, Weird 00. Cardinal Wol
sey 104, Singing Master 01. Valeat 105, At
lantlco 98. General Steward 01. Anna Beall 95.
Boundllng 1C5, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
purse; two-year-olds: , •
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
— Lurarion. 118 (Dominick) 4 X >*, 1 l'i
—Florentine. 118 (Helgesen) 2 2 % 2 nk
— Flaxman. 118 (Prior) 1 4 h 3 15
Time, :54. Start good. Won easily. Wln
nor, F. Cook's br. c. by Cesartan-Laura F.
Miss Inez 122. Seasick 105. Walter Arnold 118,
Lockout 1C5, finished as named. One Way 118.
fell.
SIXTH RACE — Seven and a half furlon«»;
selling: three-year-olds and upward:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
• — Al Dufour. 87 (Greenfield) 5 '4 (jl «J
—Jerry Lynch, 96 (Nlcol)... 11 7 M, 2 2
—Federal, 09 (Con way) 2 ti ij ,1 nk
Time, 1:34. Start good. Wen easily. Win
ner. E. Corrljtan's b. t. (3) by Artillery-Swan
Hilda. SJcw Mown Hay 06. Exclamation 101,
Actton 102 Fleuron 104. Gloricsa 09, Corn
wall 104, Frivol 97. Olympian 109, finished as
named.
IMMENSE CROWD PRESENT.
Any bets that were made were
handled secretly. It was a pencil mark
on the cuff or a scrawl on a pro
gramme. Usually the betting was
transacted by signals. This system,
however, went only for the big bettors.
As for the man "of limited means, there
was no chance for him to-day, and as
a result he saved his money. The ab
sence of betting did not detract from
tbe race itself, nor from the crowd.
Ppectators perhaps were less numerous
l!an last year, when it was estimated
that 60,000 persons passed through the
gates. To-day about 10,000 or 15,000
less saw the race. It was, however, the
same riot of color on the lawns, club
bouse steps and in the infield. Tally
hos, drags and other splendid turnouts
were there in force, and the cheering
was Just as lusty at the finish.
The victory of the Eastern colt was
popular, despite the number of backers
who had pinned their faith in the win
ter books on English Lad, Moharib and
BUI Curtis.
Fuller, who had the mount on the
winner, rode a magnificent race. High
ball was well within himself all the
way, and when challenged in the
stretch he had plenty to fall back on.
Out of the 193 original nominations
for the race sixteen faced . the barrier
to-day. Ralnland and Proofreader, two
of last night's entries, were scratched,
and Mayor David S. Rose and Copper
field were added.
BAD ACTORS DELAY START.
Once in the starter's hands "Volney
and Highball kept the man with the
CHICAGO. June 18.— Without feeling
the touch of whip or spur and running
entirely on his own courage, Highball,
the three-year-old colt which W. M.
Scbeftel brought to Chicago from the
East, won the American Derby to-day
at Washington Park. L. B. Dickerson's
Woodson, one of the long shots In the
race, was second, half a length in front
of John A. Drake's Rapid Water. Eng
lish Lad, the favorite before the race,
was fourth, hopelessly beaten, although
he was coming strongly at the end. The
time, 2:33, enuals the best time ever
made for this event. The Picket won
last year's Derby in exactly the same
time. W. M. Scheftel, the owner of the
winner, is a Wall street broker. This
Is the first year he has figured promi
nently on the turf.
For the first time in the history of
the American Derby the betting ring
was without bookmakers. There was
some betting, of course, but It was
without the knowledge of the 300 po
licemen scattered over the grounds, in
command of Assistant Chief of Police
Schuettler. There were policemen
everywhere — in the stand. In the pad
dock. In the betting ring, on the lawn
and In the fleld. Private detectives
made up the rest of the army of 800
that was at the track to enforce the
law and prevent bettinp. None, how
ever, was necessary, as ihere was prac
tically no attempt to violate the law.
Woodson was half a length In front
of Rapid Water, the latter being
three-quarters of a length ahead of
English Lad. Moharib was a distant
fifth. The remainder of the field was
badly strung out.
The race had a gross value of $31,-
flag busv and the field was held at. the
barrier eleven minutes. With the tape
finally released Proceeds shot to the
front and remained there for a quar
ter of the Journey. The start was
good, but ill luck befell some of, the
horses before half a furlong had been
traversed. English Lad got in a pocket
and was compelled to .pull up. In
doing so the favorite fell to his knees,
only to recover his stride and to be
bumped again. In this Jam Bill Cur
tis was badly cut down, and his owner
after the race said that he might
never race agaiiv Fort Hunter, the
Canadian colt, was blamed for the In
terference. This colt had a hard
Journey also, getting into a pocket,
then working free, and leading for a
short time. These quick changes set
tled anv chance he might have had to
win the race. Proceeds retained the
lead until opposite the clubhouse,
where he commenced to fall back. All
this time Fuller, on Highball, had
rated his mount about two lengths be
hind, but always in call of the leader.
Rapid Water, running easily, hung on
in third place until the sixth furlong
post had been passed. English Lad.
after getting off sixth, soon fell back
to thirteenth place and remained
there for more than two furlongs.
Dominick gradually worked the fa
vorite through the field in front of
him, only to find himself cut oft" again.
Moharib, next to English Lad the most
he.'V^ily backed horse in the race, was
more or less interfered with.
PACE TOO FAST FOR MOHARIB.
Jockey Shaw, who had the mount
on Moharib. avoided the crush around
the turns and was third into the
stretch, but the pace was too fast for
him when the finish came. The same
applies to Fort Hunter. In the mean
time Proceeds had set the field a
merry race, with Hishball and Rapid
Water in attendance. On the back
stretch Proceeds faded away t6 noth
ing, whlla Highball moved up and
took command. The 'remainder of the
field had no chance and were strung 1
out for an eishth of a mile.- Moharib
hung on gamely. Rapid Waftr for an
instant fell back, but came again and
headed Woodson.. The* latter came
with a fine burst of sneed at the
close and finished half a\"lens:th in
front of Rapid Water. English Lad,
who had found clear sailing at last,
started after the leaders .with Dorrii
nlck working with might and main.
In the meantime Fuller, on Highball,
skinned the rail, followed by Wood
son. Fuller had Highball well in
hand and' a sixteenth from the wire
had the field thoroughly beaten.
Woodson and Raald Water were
under whip and spur. butyHIghball
kept in front and swept under the
wire a winner by a length and a half.
FIELD BADLY STRUNG OUT.
Meeting discontinued In 1895. 1896, 1307 and 1899
576, of which $26,575 went to the
winner.
Highball's owner was said to be a
heavy winner outside of the value of
the stake. John A. Drake was
credited with winning $18,000 on
Rapid Water to finish in third place.
An offer for a match race between
English Lad and Highball was de
clined by Mr. Scheftel, as he will ship
his stable back to the East next Mon
day. Summary:
FIRST RACE! — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; selling:
Betting. HorBe, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
—Bad News. 110 (C. Kelly) » 12 16
..-...— Fred Leppert. 104 (Nlcol).. 1 13 2 Y a
— WItf ul. 117 (Fuller) 4 5 20 3 h
Time, 1:40 2-5. Start fair. Won In a canter.
Winner. E. R. Bralcy's br. g. (4) by Flying
Dutchman- Black Sleeves. McGee 122. Em
peror of India 104. Soufriere 102. finished as
named. Bilk Maid 102 fell.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
old* and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
—Floral King. 104 (Lwrnce).lO 7 2 1 114
— CUfttm Forge. 08 (Lwmce) 1 1 h 2 %
—Skillful. 115 (Helgerson).. 4 5h 31
Time. 1:13 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Wlrner, H. Gardner's br. c. (3) by Glganteum-
Ro«i Reglna. Burielgh 104. Major Pelham 104.
The Crisis 110, Peter J. Somers 02. White
Plurrc JH>. Komomlo 1*9 Red Raven 105, fin
ished as named.
THIRD RACE— One and a half miles; Amer
ican Derby; three-year-olds:
Bettlns. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
—Highball. 122 (Fuller) 2 1 M 1 I
— Woodron. 122 (Henry) 8 5h 22
—Rapid Water. 122 (Lyne).. 4 4 2 3%
"a large crowd of spectators witnessed
the matches on the rinks" of the San
Francisco Scottish Bowling Club yes
terday in Golden Gate Park. There
were not many players out. but some
good games were played. Only one
tournament match was contested dur
ing the afternoon. In this D. O'Brien
won, from Dr. Gunn by a score of 21
to 16. -- ..." i:
The score- was fairly even through
out and the bowling of both contestants
was high class. E. C. Medau and H. L.
Tickner and J. H. Duncan and M. L.
Crowe figured in two games, each team
winning one.
The scores follow: M. L,. Crowe and
J. H. Duncan beat H. L. Tickner and
E. C. Medau, 21 to 16; Dr. Hamilton
beat J. C. Moffat, 21 to 15; A. A. Mc-
Vlcar beat Dr. Hamilton. 21 to 18; J. H.
Webster and W. Watson beat J. T.
Dare and S. Irwln, 21 to 14; E. C. Me
dau and H. L. Tickner beat J. Duncan
and M. L. Crowe, 21 .to 16.
D. O'Brien Outplays Dr. Gunn In the
Only Tournament Match of y
the Day.
SCOTCH BOWLERS PERFORM
BEFORE A LARGE CROWD
"I hasten to felicitate you. Mr.
President, on the victory French in
dustry has Just won and of which I
have had the pleasure of being a wit
ness. The welcome which the public
h^is given the victor proves how suc
cess gained through intelligence, and
common purpose serves to create sen
timents free from rivalry-"
M. Loubet answered: "I am partic
ularly grateful tor your Majesty's
amiable telegram and for the senti
ments which have Inspired It. The
success of French Industry could not
be better appreciated than by German
Industry, which was so worthy of ob
taining success.". • .¦¦-.
The exchange of dispatches creat
ed a favorable impression and prom
ises to alleviate some of the lingering
Franco-German animosities.
PARIS, June 18. — A significant ex
change of dispatches has occurred be
tween Emperor "William and President
Loubet. following M. Thery's victory
in the James Gordon Bennett Interna
tional automobile race at Homburg
yesterday. The Emperor's dispatch
says: >;-J
tween the German Emperor and
President of France.
Telegrams of Congratulation Pass Be-
KAISER. ENTHUSIASTIC
OVER TtxiZRY'S VICTORY
Time. 2:01*;. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. W. Howell's ch. g. (5) by Argyle-
Etta Gllroy. Miss Eon 07, Flora Bright 94
Leenja 101, Brooklyn 98. Compase 102, finished
as named.
SEVENTH RACE — Pune; three-year-olds
and up; one and an eighth miles:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
15 to 1— Trio 103 (Howe!)) 1 2 3 1 Vi
I 3 to 2— E.Walters,77 (J.Hnncssy) 3 15 2 5
3 to 1— Memphlan. 100 (Blake).. 2 3 8 3 2
SIXTH RACE— Purse; three-year-olds and
up; six furlonKH: ' '
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Our Llllie,03 (Williams) C 2 2 1 2
0 to 1— Kven. Star. 103 (Crawfd) 4 1 nk 2 5
8 to 1 — Jake Ward. 107 (Morris).. 3 3 2 3 <i
Time. 1:18%. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. Stubbs Bros.' b. f. J3) by Hermence-
Bettie Berry. Hoe Down 87; Short Cake 91.
General Prig 103, One- More 109, Sid Silver
111. Wager 104. King Rose 111, Radium 01,
Suave 105, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Purs#^ three-year-olds; one
mile:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. ?{ Fin.
8 tol— F.L. Favorite.07 (Llndsy) 1 13 11
15 to 1— Dollnda. 09 (Perkins)... 2 22 27
2 to 1— Forehand. 107 (Andersn) 5 5 5 . 3
Time, 1 :45. Start bad for Forehand. Won
ridden out. Winner. T. O. Gay & Co.'s b. f. (3)
by Lamplighter-Performance. Mohave 102,
Harmakls 107 finished a« named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
Club Members' Handicap; $4000 to winner:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Kven — Bondage. 105 (Mclntyre) 8 2 1%1 5
2 to 1— Jack Young. 104 (Neely) 2 4 »j 2 h
3 to 1 — Fly .Torpedo. 108 (Troxl) 3 3 h 3 2
Time, 2:1.1. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. Arthur's br. h. (4) by Halma-MIss
Langtord. Never such 04, Estrada Palma
ilOi. Judpe Dimes 111, Old Stone Ul, Jordan
103, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Five furlong's; purse: two
year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.'
S to 5 — Brllandle, 114 (NVely) 2 2 10 1 nk
25 to 1— Mocnet. 103 (Perkins). 3 13 2 4
0 to 5 — LadySavoy. Ill CVWts) 4 4 4 3 15
Time. 1:01. Start good. Won going away.
Winner. G. C. Baker's ch. c. 12) by Onondaga-
Elf. Argosy 103. Chicago Lad 110, Tuna
103, finished as named.
SECOND KACE— One mile and twenty
yards; purse; three-year-olds and upward:
Bettlnsr. 'Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
5 to 1— Trapsetter. 93 . (Anders) 115 12
.6 to 1— Pretension, 93 (McLau) 3 2 4 2 8
10 to 1— Wlnsendine, 106 (Bridll) 2 3 8 3 12
Time, 1:48*4. 8tart Rood. Won ridden out.
Winner. L. EzelPn blk. c. (3) by Falsetto-
Lady Trapplst. Canyon 105, Ivernia 107, Over
hang S2, Benton 84, Misanthrope 91. Laton
102, Frank Jones 103. finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, June 17.-rln a terrific rush
through the sloppy wastes of the Fair
Grounds stretch J. Arthur's good horse
Bondage sped through a driving rain
past the larger part of the field in the
club members' handicap here this aft
ernoon, winning with something In re
serve.
Old Stone and Estrada set a hot pace
to the back stretch, where Jack Young
and Bondage commenced their run.
Bondage outstripped .Baker's horse in
the run home. Flying Torpedo was
third all the way. The race was worth
$4090 to the .winner. Eight starters
faced the' barrier.
Bernays was scratched, as he would
have to take ud a nine-pound penalty
for the $50,000 handicap next Saturday.
Twenty thousand persons witnessed the
running of the races. Rain was falling
and the track was a sea of mud. Sum-*
maries:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; purse; three
year-old* and upward: \
Betting. Horse. Weight. JocKey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Clr the Arena, 69 (Perkn) 0 14 14
3 to 1— Miss Gomez. 94 (HAndrs) S 2 5 2 15
(J to 1— Jake Webber, 107 (Wats) 2 3 5 3 tt
Time 1:17%. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, Mrs. F. J. Kettleman's br. f. (3) by Prince
ol Monaco-Sue II. Dave Soraers llu. Sol
Smith 99, I.llllo Long; 06. Bambino 96, Charlie
Grain~er 107. Bride 87. Any Way 8». Uay
American 07. William F II 107. Cash Bey 112.
finished as named. :¦':/¦
JACK YOUNG IS SECOND
The fractional time c! the Tidal was
as follows: Quarter, :21; three fur
longs. :36 4-5; half mile. :49 1-5; five
furlongs. 1:013-5; six rurlongs. 1:14;
seven furlongs. 1:26 2-5; mile, 1:39 2-5;
nine furlongs, 1:52 3-5; full distance,
mile and a quarter, 2:06.
The pace was well sustained even up
to the last.' Delhi was beaten four
lengths. St. Valentine, five lengths
away, defeated Ormonde's Right for
third money, by three-quarters of a
length.
In all his previous races this year,
Delhi has been hard to "place." but
to-day Odom had no great difficulty
in doing that. Then again -when Ort
Wells went up to and passed him in
such short order on the far turn the
people could not trust their eyes. That
Delhi should then have struggled or»
and saved second place Is as much a
tribute to his rider as to his own
merits.
SHEEPSHEAD BAT, June 18.—Al
most coincident with an Eastern colt's
victory in the American Derby, a
Western colt, Ort Wells, defeated the
pride of the East, James R. Keene's
Delhi,, for the $20,000 Tidal stakes at
the Coney Island Jockey Club track
in the presence of an attendance not
much less than that which witnessed
the Suburban.
On the way home from the race* the
people had not yet tired qf talking of
Delhi's defeat and of its probable
cause. There have been reports for
several weeks that he was coughingr.
but he must have got over that or
he could not run the race he did to
day. y{'-.\%
But that the Delhi of to-day Is not
the same one which so easily won the
Belmont, to say nothing of his Withers
victory, the average racegoer of intel
ligence refused to believe. Even in his
action he labored, which he never did
before.
SIXTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; purse;
finished a» named.
FIFTH RACE— SU furlonss; sellln*; thrw-
S ht. Jockey. St. K Fin.
sio^X^la. 100 'Hlld»brand).l 1 H
fitol— Dick Bernard, 9S(Crlmns).3 2 H 2 %
8 to l-Martlnir.aa. ICtMKunx) . . . • 4 » 2 -33 V4
>•»•_.- i.n «;r«rt Kood. Won artTinK. win
nel Yl B Duma" rtTf. by^Meddler-Urania.
tlcn. Tom Cod. fintshfd as named.
FOURTH RACE— Mile and a quarter; three
year-olds; the Tidal ot $20,000.
Teasover. Ormondes Richt also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five furlones: two-year
olds; the Foam »tak»s: ., _
Betting Horse. We! C ht. Jockey. St. K Fin.
Id to 1— Flyback. 118 (Hlldebrnd) 1 1 n 1 a
15 to 1-Tongorder. ll« (£oi«*?> 3 2 h t lg
9 to 20- Waterside. 122 (ONetl). * «&.;*"«
Time. :59'4-5. Ptart fair. on *^"f
Winner. J. E. Mndden's ch. f- b y_ R f q ' J , Ua i;
Daiify Rote.' Invader. Simplicity. Knight ot
Pearl. lJell* Savas*. nnl^hed as narae«.
' SECOND KACE— One mile: three-year-olds
and up; handicap: ' o . v ««_
Betting Horse. Weight. JofkeT; s £ J^ fl?"
6 to 1-Sherlft Bell. 1<* (J^ 1 ™*' S %i It
dtul— Gray Friar. 112 (CCNeM).. 2 3 2 Zh
6 to 1— Rcehampton. U4 t*artin). » » 2 *f
Time. USB. Start fair. Won drtvUi!f.T*m.
ner. M. U Hayman's b. *'**-£??£*'?!:.
Lodi«e. Mineala. PersUtence II. P^ 1 *- An
cestcr. Gold Money, finished as named.
Hildebrand rode the winner In per
fect style. He was also first in three
other races. . The summaries:
FIRST RACI>— Flv« and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; selllnc: -' _.
Bating. Hor*e, w «'sJ>S i???*^ £ v\ TS"
7 to 1— Workman. 102 (Hlldbpd) 3 3 I 1 J*
100 to 1— J. McKeon, 102 (Crimns) 1 1 % 2 £
20tol-Ike 8. 102 (Cormack)...lO Th ,3a
Time. 1:07 1-6. Start fair. Won drtvlnj.
Wlnn^. C. F. Deer's blk. *
Ketwork. Harpoon. Dance *"•£• J^Roou
Danseuse. Clover Hampton. S^^e ™£*~
mora Confessor. Mephlsto. Golden Green,
Baroque Pellon. finished as named.
Arthur's Good Horse Speeds
Through Mud Ahead of
Field at St Louis Track
Jockey Hildebrand Pilots the Winner and Also
Finishes/ First in Three Other Races.
ORT WELLS DEFEATS KEENE'S DELHI
IN THE $20,000 TIDAL STAKES
BONDAGE FIRST
IN HANDICAP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JUNE 19, 190*.
The Winner Outclasses His Field, Scoring Handily.
Army of Patrolmen Prevents Betting.
ENGLISH LAD, THE FIRST CHOICE,
IS BADLY BUMPED AND POCKETED
l.v<-i«trata Cup for the Kanawha.
NEW YORK. June* 18. — H. H. Rog
ers' twin Bcrew steam yacht, the Ka
nawha, to-day won the Lysistrata cup
and $2500 offered by former Commo
dore James Gordon Bennett of the
New York Yacht Club, by beating F.
M. Smith's Hauoli. her only competi
tor, by 3 minutes and 40 seconds in a
sixty-mile race off S^wrfy"" Hook light
ship. To-day's victory gives the Ka
nawha absolute possession of the cup.
Following are the scores pf the day's
play: Baker brothers beat Whitney
and* Griffin, S— 6, 6—4, 3— 4; Spring beat
O'Hara. 6—3. 7—5. 6—3; Robblns beat
Spring-. 6—2. 6—1; Dr. Hardy and Merle
Johnson beat Dr. Hill and Dr. McChes
ne y f 6_3 # 7—5, e— 8; W. Page beat L.
Baldwin. 1—6. 6—4. 6—1; W. Page and
I* Baldwin beat R. Drolla and Wolf
schn, 6—1, 7 — 5; Dr. Lovegrove beat T.
D. Black. 6—4. 6 — I; W. Murphy beat
O'Hara, 6—3. 6 — 4; Butler beat Kuehn,
6—3. 7—5. 4—6.
Players of the first class were scarce
on the tennis courts of the California
CJufo yesterday, only one good match
being played- The contestants In this
¦were Dr. Sumner Hardy and Merle
Johnson, against Dr. Hill and Dr. Me-
Chesney. The medical pair were in
sood form, but were outplayed. Dr.
Hardy being at his best and Johnson
surpassing hirtlself at the driving game.
The Baker brothers, George and XelL
played an excellent game on the Golden
Gate Tark courts against R. N. Whit
ney and C. J. Griffin, from whom they
took two sets out ot three. Whitney
played his usual brilliant driving game
and was ably seconded by his young
partner, but the steady though less
showy game of the Bakers proved more
effective.
Team of Brothers Pnt Up a
Good, Steady Game on the
Golden Gate v Park Courts
BAKERS PLAY TOGETHER
Doctors 3IcChesney and Hill
Lose Good Tennis Match to
Hardy and llerle Johnson
MEDICAL PAIR
TASTE DEFEAT
HIGHBALL COMES, OUT OF THE EAST AND CAPTURES AMERICAN DERBY
36
car
irst
¦econ
Tl
a
1S84 |Modesty Kosciusko Bob Cook
18S5 iVolante Favor Troubadour
11SS8 (Silver Cloud Blue Wins. (Sir Joseph
1887 C. H. Todd MUs Ford Wary
1888 Em. of Norfolk. Falcon Lois Angeles ...
1883 Spokane Sorrento Retrieve
1S90 Uncle Bob Santiago Ben Klngsbury.
1891 Stra.thmea.th Poet Scout (Kinsman
1S92 (Carlsbad Zaldlvar ,Cicero
1833 Boundlem St. Leonards ... Clifford
ISM Rey El S. Anita.. Senator Grady..' Despot
1608 Pink Coat Warrenton Isabey
1900 Sidney Lucas James ..j Lieut. Gibson..
1901 Robert Waddell Terminus jThe Parader. ..
1902 Wyeth Loden Appleby* Aladdin
19C.J !The Picket. ..... Claude Bernays
1904 Highball 'Woodson Rapid Water. . |
12 |2:42»4 <10,700|War Dance.
8 2A9Vt ».&7UjGrinstead.
10 2:37H 8.160 Grinstead
14 2:.Wi, 13.G0UJoe Hooker.
7 2:40% 14..140I Norfolk
7 2:41 i,i 15.440! Hyder Alt
7 2:55»4 15,2tiO|Great Tom..
10 2:49«i 18,G10|Strathmore.
10 3:04>i 16.930iGlenelg.
15 2:36 49,600 H. O'Fallon.
9 2:3tt 19,750'Cheviot. «
8 2:42*4 I fl.225 Leonatus
6 2:4Ot4 9.425 Top Gallant.
10 2:39 4-5 10,276 Aloha.
12 2:40 1-5 19.87^Wadsworth.
19 2:83 27.025 Falsetto.
| 10 |2:33 »l.o75|Ben Strome.
car
irst
¦econ
Tl
a
1S84 |Modesty Kosciusko Bob Cook
18S5 iVolante Favor Troubadour
11SS8 (Silver Cloud Blue Wins. (Sir Joseph
1887 C. H. Todd MUs Ford Wary
1888 Em. of Norfolk. Falcon Lois Angeles ...
1883 Spokane Sorrento Retrieve
1S90 Uncle Bob Santiago Ben Klngsbury.
1891 Stra.thmea.th Poet Scout (Kinsman
1S92 (Carlsbad Zaldlvar ,Cicero
1833 Boundlem St. Leonards ... Clifford
ISM Rey El S. Anita.. Senator Grady..' Despot
1608 Pink Coat Warrenton Isabey
1900 Sidney Lucas James ..j Lieut. Gibson..
1901 Robert Waddell Terminus jThe Parader. ..
1902 Wyeth Loden Appleby* Aladdin
19C.J !The Picket. ..... Claude Bernays
1904 Highball 'Woodson Rapid Water. . |
12 |2:42»4 <10,700|War Dance.
8 2A9Vt ».&7UjGrinstead.
10 2:37H 8.160 Grinstead
14 2:.Wi, 13.G0UJoe Hooker.
7 2:40% 14..140I Norfolk
7 2:41 i,i 15.440! Hyder Alt
7 2:55»4 15,2tiO|Great Tom..
10 2:49«i 18,G10|Strathmore.
10 3:04>i 16.930iGlenelg.
15 2:36 49,600 H. O'Fallon.
9 2:3tt 19,750'Cheviot. «
8 2:42*4 I fl.225 Leonatus
6 2:4Ot4 9.425 Top Gallant.
10 2:39 4-5 10,276 Aloha.
12 2:40 1-5 19.87^Wadsworth.
19 2:83 27.025 Falsetto.
| 10 |2:33 »l.o75|Ben Strome.
ADVXETI£E2CE2iTS.
!; p& Q . I
I There can be no comparison be- H
Iwwn the »bl!!tj- of the ordinary W
3 physician and that of the trained Q
and Fci-rntifte rpeciallst. The for- K
I tt.t. in trj-lng to explore and>con- H
i quer the whole field of medicine B
J kn<i surgery, becomes proficient in Q
5 no particular branch. The latter N
conscientiously confines himself to U
a a:ngle class of Ills and masters H
!thetn. I <lo nrt scatter my facul- H
tiee. but I concentrate them all on M
<'..>• a—-!- and weaknesftrs peculiar n
to the male. Recently I have K
trrat«d scores of ttubborn cases H
for use of the best men of San £%
Francisco and > Icinity. and rot a 1
failure nor an unplearar.t result 4
has been reported. What I have I
done lor others 1 can do for you. I
I DR. O.C. JOSLEN I
?j The Leading Specialist y
|1 "WAKNESS" 1
1 ( y.y cures of this dleorder are VI
Q permanent an4 lasting. No tonics R
u that Ftlmnlate iemi>orarlly. but Q
ji thorourhly sdentiflc treatment for
{,* the removal of conditions respon-
{ 1 plble for the functional deranse-
M ment. "Wcakn^i!" Is merely a
li r>TJij»tom of inflammaticn or con-
i| cwtlon of th»* proftate gland, and
\\ under my own original local treat-
U nsect this gland Is promptly re-
\i duced to Its normal state and com-
j plete functional activity is the last-
1 in— result.
3 Z als» cure Vartcocele.
.1 1 Spermrtorrhea, Orcanlc
I Wealcness. lK!tt Visor. Spe-
! ci2c Blood Poison. Strict*
% ere. Piles, etc. Send for my
j pamphlet. "Zilr^ All Tour
:i Years a ilan." It is free.
>i and so is colored chart ol
R the orttftas.
Si Borne Treatment Is Always
p Certain and Satisfactory
H Xy fees are fair; my I
k cures are permanent, and I
r! you can pay me when sat- I
{4 isfled that you are w«lL |
j DR. O.C. JOSLEN
[ j Cor. Xearny and Market Sts.
|1 Private Entraar« 702 Market st.
[j Office Hoars — 0 a. m. to 4:30
B p. m. and C:30 to 8:30 p. m. Sun-
j f daya. 10 to 1 only.
\i * — 1 __jr
V AD9ER7.ISEiaENTS.
Contagious Blood Poison has wrecked more lives, and wl jdaSSaL
caused more misery and suffering than all other diseases
combined. Some are inclined to treat it lightly, but these JK^S^J
soon learn that they have to deal with a powerful poison >sfe^* jL
that is slowly but surely breaking down the constitution, tfpsp^ /stJSl
Contagious Blood Poison not only metes out punishment !ijf|S£|?g^|2y
to the one \vli6 contracts it, but others may become inno-
cent victims of this vile dis- por yearg z waa troublcd ith the raOflt malIe .
ease through inheritance. Il nant type of chronic blood trouble. Alter try in?
vniirHiind i<; tiintr<1 voti miv various other remedies -without getting 1 any bon-
jour Diooa istaintca you ma> z was induced b afriend who was cured ot a
live to see your children bat- constitutional blood troubla, to take 8. 8. 3. A
tlin? with the same disease — * 8 " bottles cured me permanantly. I altoj con-
uing wiui me same uiawsc— - Q g Q be(jt toni<J over mad9> WJt ji8
puny and Sickly, made IlUSer- takintr it my woijrht increased and myhoalth
mercury and potash treatment all signs of infection may disappear, but leave
off these minerals and you soon find out the poison is still alive and- you are
jus*t as bad off as ever. . S. S. S. is the only antidote for Contagious Blood
r _^ _f-*J Poison. It destroys tbe virus completely without
/fo^ fjr*^& /^^3 injuring the system. It is a vegetable remedy, and
\^>y v.-c ofTcr $ 1, coo for proof that it contains a single
K^^ ) t^^J &^^j iuineral'ingredient. S. S. S. not only works the poison
Vo,^ KmoS out of the blood thoroughly, but restores vigor and
strength to all parts of the system. . '<
Write for our special book on Contagious Blood Poison, describing tr.e
different stages an>l sj-rnptoms a::d Cfintaininc; much other interesting- infor-
mation about this most despicable of all discuses.
¦ !:/£• 3 WIT? SPEGIITG CQ* S /1 7UUTFA, GA.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
/ To keep abreast of business *Y
/ methods today, requires double lJ
/ the mental strain and energy nU
/ that it did a decade ago. No r w
t man is stronger than his power 'V
, of endurance. No chain is 1J
' stronger than its weakest link. QJ
/ The mental power of man is yw
,' affected by hU physical condi- yjs,
tion. Keener business methods \A y
— the rush and push of modern Mv
times — have made heavy de-M /
mands upon his resistive power Vi *
A— his vitality. The strong, vig«M (
' yV orous man today needs an jri 1
A VV. O-P-C suspensory. £2 \
'\ The fcvttthit he U strong Is the jtronrtst*»fc i
\ dence why he should wear an O-P-C » keep f
i him ttropg. h fosters, preserves and increase* /
> the nervous energy — ihe rialttv 090a wfaica M
\ jo much of his success depends. 'I
( O-P.-C suspensories are sold by nearly all 1
3 drnzzist*. f» o doubt y°or drusxiM has thtnu ft
1 We assure nn it will be to your raterctt to A
1 insist upon the O-P-C If your dealer will I
not supply yon, send tons. No. a O-P-C, n*l«. IJX
' 5ioo; No. j O-P-C silk. Jt.jo. VA
j 'The M.-\rk of the MiMtar," in Inter- Vi
t'-thif h«okle«. giving reasons why ererr m* B yl
;' shouT.1 wr.»r an O-P-C suspensory, sent ire* Lq
,{ Baotr * llMi, SCI r-tmlyUU St., ttillfO «•*>¦» JACINCINNATI, June 18.— Judge Little
ford held to-day that blacklisting
could not be remedied or prevented by
BliACKLIST IS LEGAL.
NEWCASTLE, Pa., June 18. — The
Spanengo Valley Steel .Plant of this
city, controlled by the Carnegie Steel
Company of Pittsburg, closed down to
day for an indefinite period, throwing
a thousand men out of work.
Steel Works Shut Down.
A. G. Paterson and William C. Booth
of San Francisco were elected members
of the executive council.
ST. PAUL, June 18.— The Interna
tional Brotherhood of Bookbinders to
day adopted resolutions censuring
President Roosevelt for his action in
the Miller case In connection with the
public printing office in Washington.
tive's Action in Miller Case.
Bookbinders Find Fault With Execu-
PRESIDENT IS CENSURED.
California Sends Specimen of, Fruit
Weighing More/ Than Two Pounds.
ST. LOUIS, June 18. — On« of the
largest oranges ever gTown has been
exhibited in the Los Angeles County
exhibit In the California section of the
Palace of Agriculture. When picked It
measured 20 Inches in circumference
and weighed two pounds ten ounces.
When received In St. Louis it' measur
ed 18 inches around and weighed ex
actly two and a half pounds. The
giant orange was grown by B. W. Har
wood of Uplands, Cal. It Is of the
seed?-«s variety. • /
GIANT ORANGE AT FAIR.
Willis Pitches Great Ball for Boston
and Shuts Philadelphia Out
With Three Hits.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) i (American League.)
W. L* Pet. W. L. Pet.
New York.. .33 16 .673 Boston 33 17 .tKo
Chicago 81 10 .659 New York... 27 20 .674
Cincinnati ..81 10 .320 Chicago ....29 23 .503
Plttsburs ..26 23 .531 Cleveland ..26 21 .553
St. Lout* 23 24 .439 Philadelphia 26 23 .531
Brooklyn ...21 31 .404 St. Louis. ...22 23 .489
Boston 20 SO .400 Detroit 19 28.404
Philadelphia 10 36 .217 Washington. & 3S .191
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. June 18.— McGlnnlty vu In
fine form to-day. Brooklyn would have been
ehut out tf a ground ball had not taken a
wide bound away from Gilbert, The New
York Infield played fine ball, some of the
stops being sensational. Attendance, 10,000.
Score:
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 17 2
New York 5 9 1
Batteries — Garvln artd Ritter; McGlnnlty and
Warner. Umolre — Zimmer.
PITTSBURG. Jun» 18.— Both teams put up
a miserable exhibition of ball playing. Ecan
lan's poor work In the first two Innings, helped
along by errors behind him, gave St. Louis
a lead that could not be overcome. Attend
ance, 10.000. Score:
It. H. E.
Plttsburs: 5 8 5
St. Louis 10 11 S
Batteries — Scanlan, CamnlU and Phelps;
Corbett and Zearfoss.
BOSTON, June IS. — WlllU was effective to
day, while McPherson was hit freely. Attend
ance. 2000. Score:
B. H. B.
Boston 7 12 1
Philadelphia 0 3 4
Batteries — Willis and Moran; McPherson and
Roth.
CINCINNATI, June 18. — A crowd of several
hundred howling men followed Umpire Moran
off tha Held after the game to-day and threat
ened to do him violence because the protests
of the local Dlayers led to the belief that he
had erred in his decisions. A cordon of po
lice escorted him off the grounds. The Chi
cagoa won through superior hitting. Attend
ance. 7500. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati * 17 4
Chicago 4 0 2
Batteries — Kellum and Peltz; Brown and
Kllng.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. June 18. — The Champions won
out to-dav In a leng and tedious game of
eleven innings. Both teams hit hard and often,
the locals getting most of the hits for extra
bases, . but their ragged fielding cost them the
game. Ecore :
R. H. E.
Chicago '• 10 11 S
Boston 13 17 3
Batteries — White, Walsh and. Sullivan;
Dineen and Farrell. .
i CLEVELAND, Jun» 18.— In a hard-hitting
contest Cleveland defeated Washington to-day.
Joss pitched for the first time In five weeks
and was knocked out of the box in three
innings. Bernhard was also hit hard but kept
the hits scattered. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 8 15 2
Washington 4 13 3
Batterlee — Joss. Bernhard and Abbott; Town
send and Drill.
DETROIT. June 18. — The locals bunched hits
with Bender's errors and two passes In the
fifth and made enough runs to win. Attend
ance, 5000. Score: '
R. H. E.
Detroit 7 11 0
Philadelphia 3 8 2
Batteries — Donovan and Buelow; Bender and
Schreck. y
McGINNTTY HAS BROOKLYN
SUPERBAS AT HIS MERCY
¦DENVER, Colo., June IS.— Messages
have been received at headquarters of
the Western Federation of Miners in
this city telling of Interference by the
military with relief work among tha
families of deported miners In Cripple
Creek. Information also was received
that the military had attempted to
"sweat" John Harper, the union store
keeper at Victor, by putting a rope
around his neck. It was said that this
was done In the presence of General
Bell.
The statement was in reference to
the suit Instituted yesterday in Den
ver by President Burns against Gov
ernor Peabody for damages in the sum
of $100,000 because of the enforced clos
ing down of the mine last week by the
military, and also the Injunction pro
ceedings Instituted ln\he Federal court
at St. Louis, by which it is sought to
restrain the Governor and the military
from interfering with the operation of
the mine. A special meeting of the
toard of- 1 directors has been called for
Monday. It Is known that the entire
board is opposed to the action of Presi
dent Burns, Including Thomas Burns,
his brother.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo., June
lg. — "The directors of the Portland
Gold Mining Company will dismiss any
and all litigation brought by President
James F. Burns," said Irving Howbert,
one of the leading directors and a
heavy stockholder, to-day.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., June 18.—
General ,Bell has Just heard of a con
spiracy to capture and harig Charles S.
Moyer, president of the Western Feder
ation of Miners, on his arrival In the
'district. He is due here at 9:80 o'clock
to-morrow morning, being under arrest
and accompanied by only two deputy
sheriffs.
But there will be no hanging. General
Bell has ordered a special train and
will meet the regular with a heavy de
tail of militia at a place In the canyon
at or near the point where the battle
was fought on the 8th lnst. that result
ed in the death of one miner and the
capture of a score of strikers.
TELLURIDE, Colo., June 18.— Sheriff
Rutan to-day delivered Charles H.
Moyer, president of tha Western Fed
eration of Miners, to two deputy sher
iffs from Cripple Creek, who hold a
warrant charging Moyer with having
been implicated in the Vindicator mine
explosion of November 1. 1903. by which
two men were killed. Moyer had been
held a prisoner here nearly three
months under Governor Peabody*s or
ders without recourse to the courts.
He was turned over to the Sheriff on
Wednesday evening after United States
Judge Thayer at St. Louis had Issued
a writ of habeas corpus in his case.
District Attorney Mullln has dismissed
all charges against Moyer In this
county. »
Special Dispatch to The Can.
A man who thinks he la courtlQff *&
angel may live to think again.
WASHINGTON, June IS.— Through
the American Embassy at Berlin tha
German Government has declined on
veterinary grounds to accede to tha
request that American cattle ba per
mitted to pass through Alsace-Lor
raine, en route to Switzerland.
Germans Bar Our Cattle.
WASHINGTON. June 18.— Captain
Francis W. Dickens, commandant of
the navy yard. League Island, Pa., was
to-day appointed a rear admiral In thq
navy to fill the vacancy caused by tha
retirement of Rear Admiral J. J. Read,
chairman of the Light House Board.
Francis W. Dickens Is Promoted to
Fill Vacancy Caused by the Re
tirement of Read.
COMMANDANT AT LEAGUE
ISLAND NOW REAR ADMIRAL
TYPESETTING 3IACHINES
FOR GOVERNMENT OFFICE
Public Printer Palmer Arranges for
Installation of Labor-Saving De
vice in National Printery.
"WASHINGTON. June 13.— At last tha
typesetting machine Is to gain a place
In the Government Printing Office.
Public Printer Palmer has perfected an
arrangement whereby twenty-five Mer
genthaler and twenty-eight Lanston
machines will be installed In the big
shop, and when Congress opens again
next December the Congressional Rec
ord, for the first time In Its history,
will not be set ur> by hand. Tf machines
do the work with the degree of success
anticipated more of them will hm
added.
The hundreds of printers who draw
good pay at the Government Printing
Office have always looked with " it
upon the Idea of introducing typeset
ting machines there, but It has been so
arranged that not one of the men now
employed will be driven from his work.
Epedal Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE, Mont., June 18.— After a
chase of two days through one of the
wildest sections of Montana, during
which time not a trace of the four rob
bers who held up the Northern Pacific
North Coast Limited at Bear Mouth,
Montana, Thursday night could be
found. Sheriff Thompson of Mlssoula
has returned and tha man hunt has
been called off as far as the posses are
concerned.
The railway officials belleva that the
robbery was committed by some one
living in Bear Mouth region and that
the bandits are now ensconsced in some
mountain retreat. Plnkerton men and
secret service men are arriving In this
city en route to Bear Mouth, from
where the railway company plans to
send the sleuths into the mountains.
From the character of the two hold
ups, it Is believed that the lone robber
who held up the North Coast Limited
at Bear Mouth more than a year ago
is the leader of the gang which robbed
tha Limited Thursday night. Abso
lutely no trace was found of the lone
bandit when the first robbery occurred,
and it was then suspected that the rob
ber was some mountaineer.
The express officials still insist that
the sum secured by the robbers was
small, though the stories of reputable
passengers put a different light on the
subject. According to the stories of
the latter the two desperadoes com
fortably filled two saddle bags with
greenbacks and gold and silver coins.
One passenger exhibited fifty debars'
worth of gold coin which he picked up
about the wrecked safe with the aid of
lighted matches. Other passengers dis
played twisted and scratched coins
which the robbers left. There was an
excited scramble among the passengers
and the. train crews when It ' became
known that the robbers had left and
that money was scattered in profusion
about the safe. One man found an en
velope In which were several small dia
monds. Another discovered a package
containing several thousand dollars'
worth of canceled bank notes.
Officers unearthed a cacha of 183
sticks of dynamite within a epaca of
four feet near where the~big Overland
safe was hurled by the explosion.
injunction. He refused to restrain the
proprietors from blacklisting men of
the Cab Drivers' and Hackmen's
Union, who have recently been on a
strike.
WILL. BUILD TUXXETj
UNDER THE EAST RIVER
S. Pearson & Son, Who Will Under
take Task, File Certificate With
Secretary of Navy.
ALBANY, N. T. t June 18.— S. Pear
son & Son, incorporated, of New York,
filed a certificate of Incorporation with
the Secretary of State to build a tunnel
between the boroughs of Manhattan
and Queens, under the East River.
SAN FRAXCISCO ATTRACTS
31EDICAL ORGANIZATION
American Surgical Association Elects
to Hold Xext > Annual Meeting in
Western Metropolis.
ST. LOUIS, June 18.— The American
Surgical Association has \ decided to
hold Its next annual meetipg in San
Francisco. Ben -Johnson of Richmond,
Va,, was elected president. One of
those elected vice president is Emmet
IUxford of San Francisco*
Plot in Cripple Creek to
Hang the President of
the Federation of Miners
Han Hunters Give Up Chase
i After a Two Days' Search
Through Montana Wilds
Publlo Health Commission Reports Xo
S»#i* of Disease Seen for
Half a Year.
At a meeting of the Public Health
Commission of California yesterday
Secretary Louis Levy read a report
submitted by Dr. William C. Hassler,
chief Inspecting physiclafti, certifying
that the disinfecting crew had dis
infected 6678 places in Chinatown
during the months of May and June
and that twenty-nine and a half
drums of chloride of lime and four
teen and a half barrels of carbolic
acid had been used. The report fur
ther set forth that no 6lgn of disease
had been found in the Chinese quar
ter during the last 191 days. Dr. Hass
ler stated that the city and State de
partments of health and the commis
sion deserved great credit for the
work now being done in Chinatown.
The Health Deqjirtment has a big
crew of workmen In Chinatown and
each day the men are busily engaged
in tearing down buildings that have
been condemned by the Board of
Health.
The secretary was directed to warn
the United Railroads Company that
the men engaged in sweeping car
tracks must use water or suffer ar
rest. Dr. Martin Regensburger has
taken up the subject of dust and
he threatens to arrest people who at
tempt to sweep streets without the
use of water to allay the dust.
In future all baggage that is
brought from the fisheries will be
thoroughly fumigated. The Govern
ment will be asked to do this In order
to prevent the spread of contagious
diseases.
Dr. F. K. Foster, a member of the
State Board of Health, addressed the
meeting and told of the big confer
ence in the East which he attended a
week ago. He said Eastern sanitari
ans were highly pleased with the
work being done by the Federal, State
and municipal health authorities and
that Surgeon General Wyman compli
mented California for Its Bplendid
work along sanitary lines.
The next meeting of this commis
sion will be held on July 9.
Prisoners Are Sentenced.
Agnes Leylor and Frank West, con
victed by juries In Judge Lawlor's
court on a charge of assault to rob,
appeared for sentence yesterday. The
woman was sentenced to serve four
years In San Quentin and West to
servo ten years In Folsom peniten
tiary. The woman took Nelson Lar
sen, a peddler, to her room on Folsom
street on Chlrstmas morning and she
and West assaulted him and tried to
rob him. K. Kobacyashi, a Japanese,
who pleaded guilty in Judge Dunne's
court to a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon for cutting G. Matsu
maye, 12 Bt. Mary's place, with a
knife on March 18, was sentenced to
serve two years in San Quentin.
Kennedy Again In Court.
"William B. Kennedy, alias Richard
Jackson, alias "Yellow," Indicted for
the second time for the murder of
Policeman Eugene C. Robinson, was
In Judge Lawlor's court yesterday. A
motion to dismiss the indictment was
argued at considerable length and the
Judge took the matter under advise
ment The Supreme Court has also
under advisement an application for
a writ of habeas corpus for Kennedy's
release.
CE3IENT WORKERS GIVE
GOLD CANE TO SECRETARY
Present Wulklnc Stick to O. A. Tveit
moe as Mark of Appreciation
of His Labors.
ST. jLOUIS, June 18.— In token of
their appreciation of the good work he
had done, the delegates to the second
annual convention of the United Broth
erhood of Cement Workers presented a
gold-headed cane to the retiring secre
tary, O. A. Tveitmoe of San Francisco.
The presentation was made by Robert
J. Fritz of St. Louis.
¦ Tveitmoe was chosen as one" of the
two delegates to the convention of the
American Federation of Labor which
will be held In San Francisco in No
vembers ; Vjv
Angels Play Brilliant Ball and Take
Another Easy One.
SEATTLE OX THE TOBOGGAN'.
SEATTLE. June 18. — Both Los An
geles ar>d Tacoma won to-day, leaving
them tied for first place in the pennant
race. Seattle seems to have lost the
idea of winning and is going down
the ladder. In the first game of the
present series Seattle outclassed the
champions, but in the last three games
the tables have been turned.
Hughes, Williams, Shields and Bar
ber have not been able to keep the
hits down and In addition the Siwashes
have been doing some poor fielding at
critical points. In to-day's game Gray
kept the hits so well scattered that
Los Angeles won In a walk, although
the score would indicate that the g-ame
yas close.
Shields was wild and retired In place
of Earber in the third inning. Bar
ber pitched a fair game, but the score
was S to 1 when he went in and the
proportion was not changed during the
remainder of the g-ame. Flood played
brilliantly at second. The score:
Seattle — I Le» Anr»l«s —
AB.R. IT. P.A. AB.IL II. P.A.
Vr.Htn.ef 4 0 0 2 l! Toman, s. 4 113 1
ll'-h!er.2b 3 12 4 3!F1ood,2b. 8 0 3 2 6
DWr.ty.3b 4 0 0 B l'TVhelr.Sb 4 0 2 11
Frlsk.lf.. 3 0 0 1 UBernrd.cf 4 2 3 0 0
Frr.lth.rf.. 4 113 O Crvath.rf 4 0 3 3 0
J>shr.lb. 4 0 0 5 1'Chs.se.lb. 4 0 1 13 2
IUH.b... 4 0 10 Cjltow,lf... 4 0 0 10
BlkEhip.0 4 0 2 5 3|Ka«ar.o.. 4 10 4 1
Fhiel<5s.p 0 0 <f 0 1 Gray, p... 4 0 0 0 6
Uarbcr.p. 40212
Totals. 85 4 13 27 16
Totals. 34 2 8*26 let
•Bernard out fcr lr.terferenc*.
RCXS AND HITS ET IXNIXGS.
Eeattle 0 1 000000 1—2
Eas« hlti 0 31100111—8
Ir* Anci'.ea 210000010—4
Baze btta 22102213 0—13
ECMMAItT.
Errors — Van Haltren. Frisk. Twro-base hits
— Stnith. Barber. Mohler, Hall. Wheeler.
Flood. Cravath. Stolen bztet, — Blankenshlp.
Bernard, Earar. Sacrifice hit — Flood. Bases'
ca called balls — Off Shield* 1, off Gray 2.
Ftrock out— liy Shields 2.. by Barber 1. by
Gray 4. Wild pitches — Shields 2, Gray 1. Hits
—Off Shields 4. off Barber 9. o5 Gray S. l>ft
on ba&n — Seattle 7. \sy* Anreles 6. Time of
Oaiae — 1 hour ar.d Cl minutes. Craplres^ — Me
Dor.ald and McCarthy.
All the paraphernalia of a civil en-
Cineer isn't In it with the strong right
arm' of a young man when it comes
to locating the girl's waist line.
ders from no man who had no right
to a voice in the committee and he pro
posed to talk as long as he saw fit.
Hillyer demanded the certification of
the roll, as it was Incorrect, . but Mur
phy told him to Bit down and keep
quiet. Gould said he had not certified
to the list because it was I .correct.
Everybody was talking at once, an* 1
Murphy dug some more holo3 in ths
table. Mooser moved that Hillyer fca
seated In the committee, but that was
ruled out of order. An appeal was
taken from the decision, but Murphy
would not put the Question to a vote.
Hillyer again arose and said he would
ask for a question of privilege, but
was informed by Murphy that no one
could get any privilege from a Demo
cratic gathering.
DE3IAND COMPLETE ROLL.
Gould claimed there was no complete
rollcall, and he argued In favor of the
election of a temporary chairman, so
that a committee on credentials might
be appointed to straighten out the
tangle and put such names on the list
as properly belonged there. No; Mur
phy would have no temporary chair
man. In order to bring the matter of
the rollcall to an issue, W. J. McGee
moved that Hillyer's name be placed
on the list. That would not be proper.
according to Murphy, and he ruled the
motion out of order. An appeal was
taken from the decision, and in that
Instance it was put and the roll, as
it stood, called. At its conclusion the
chair was overruled by a strictly fac
tional vote of CO to 63, and Hillyer's
narr>e was added to the rolL
Gould wanted the names of Samuel
Butler of Nevada County and James
McKenna of Contra Costa County
added to the list. Members from across
the bay claimed that the reason Con
tra Costa was not on the list was be
cause the delegation to Santa Cruz got
sore on account of Its not being al
lowed to name one of the delegates to
St. Louis and had left the convention
hall in disgust. Murphy ruled the mo
tion out of order, from which ruling
Gould appealed, but later withdrew his
appeal-
CHAIRMAN ELECTED.
Nominations for permanent chairman
were called for, and T. M. O'Connor
presented the name of M. F. Coch
rane and De Witt Cleary nominated
Timothy M. Spellacy. Although M. F.
Tarpcy had 31 proxies and threw all
of his strength to Cochrane, Spellacy
was elected by a vote of €1 to 6S. Mc-
Nab had 12 proxies In ambush with
which to carry the day. Spellacy as
sumed the duties of his office by thank-
Ing the committee and promising fair
treatment to all. as he would recognize
no factions In the administration of
the party's affairs.
Retiring Chairman Murphy was
given a rising vote' of thanks on mo
tion of McNab, who referred to him
tis *'a better Democrat 'than whom
never lived."
William M. Cannon and John C. Rud
dock were elected vice chairmen with
out opposition. Then came ths second
victory for McNab, for Alexander Me- 1
Cabe, who has acted as secretary for
the committee for several years, was
turned down, and Thomas J. Walsh,
ex-Kejristrar of Voters, was elected la
hjs steal by a vote of 68 to 58. McCabe
Immediately surrendered his desk and
left the room In a huff. L. H. Mooser
was elected treasurer.
Santa Cruz was selected for the con
vention to be held on August 22 at 1
o'clock p. m.
PREPARING FOR CAMPAIGN.
Republicans of Santa Clara County
Hold Important Meeting.
SAN JOSE, June 18. — The Union
Republican League Club has taken
steps to prepare for an active cam
paign In Santa Clara County this fall.
At a meeting last night thf club re
elected the following officers for the
ensuing term: President, Harry J.
Edwards; first vice president, E. D.
Crawford; second vice president,
Adolph Greenlnger; secretary, Fay
ette Mlcheltree; treasurer, W. M.
Scott. The present board of directors
will also hold over.
Next Saturday evening the club will
give a grand banquet and at (he same
time ratify the national ticket
The following campaign committee
has been appointed to aid In the elec
tion of a State and national ticket: H.
J. Edwards (ex-offlclo), E. D. Craw
ford, Gllroy, chairman; Louis Mont
gomery, John F. Parkinson, Palo Alto;
John E.Richards, B. A. Herrington,
W. A. Bowden, John D. Boyd, Palo
Alto; James A. Kid ward, A. Green
lnger, Charles Maurer, T. E. Johns,
MOB SEEKING
MOYER'S LIFE
TRAIN ROBBERS
ELUDE POSSES
DISINFECTS MANY PLACES
IX CHINATOWN DISTRICT
Los Gatos; W. T. Wright, Mountain
View; W. I* Wilson. Mllpltas; Dr. M.
A. Southworth, Dan McGlnley, Frank
Wolte, J. R. Chace, Warren Pomeroy;
W. P. Lyon, Edenvale; J. R. Johns.
Cupertino; F. L. Thomas, O. A. Hale,
W. M. Scott, Ed Moody, Berryessa;
C. Averill. Morgan Hill.
Campaign headquarters will also be
established In this city.
Continued From Pace 35, Column 7.
SPELLACY OF KERN CHOSEN CHAIRMAN
Eacrlflce hits — Thlelman. Francks, D«Ter
eaux. Errors — Francis, Castro, Thlelman,
Francks. Stolen bases — Drennan (2), Francis.
Bases on balls — Off Butler. 2: off Graham. 8.
Struck out — By Butler. 4; by Graham, 8. Two
base hits— Schlafley. Francis, Nadeau. Moskl
man. Graham. Francks. Home run — Beck.
Double play — Schlafley to Francks. Left on
b&sea — Portland 8. Oakland 7. Tlma of frame —
Two hours and twenty minutes. Umpire-
Browne.
Portland 1010000011—4
Base hits... 212001811 1—12
Oakland 0 0 0 0 8 0 0 0 0 0— 3
But hits... 1 0 1141111 0—11
SUMMARY.
PORTLAND, June 18.— "With the
game three all— Beck was first up In
the last half of the tenth Inning. "Put
it over the fence. Beck!" yelled tha
bleachers, warmed up by a bit of a
squabble between the players and the
umpire. Then they stared with open
mouths, for the first ball pitched was
met square on tha nose. High and
wide It soared and landed somewhere
far beyond the right field fence.
In the last half of tha eighth tha
Portland players swarmed along tha
first base line, bats In hand. Second
Baseman Schlafitey saw the effect of
the movement on his pitcher's nerves
and went wild. Upon Umpire Browns
he poured out the vials of his wrath In
words and gestures that were appall
ing. Schlafley was fined and two offi
cers led him from the grounds.
Then Castro had something to say
that he was Immediately y sorry for.
Browne levied an assessment. Buller
pitched a great game. He had his bad
inning, of course, but when he got on
his feet again his work was as steady
as a clock. The score:
Portland— I Oakland—
AB.K. H. P.A.I AB.R. H. P.A.
Ndeau If 4 1 1 4 0 Ganly. rt 6 0 3 2 0
M'Crdl,2b 5 0 2 0 2 Frocks, 8 4 12 6 0
Drnan. cf 4 1 1 8 0 Dly,cf-2b 5 0 0 0 1
Beck. lb. 5 1 2 13 0 Schlfly,2b 3 0 2 2 2
Francs.Sb 4 0 2 2 2 Mskmn.lf 3 0 2 0 0
Castro. 8. 4 0 1 1 4 Devrx, 3b 3 0 0 2 2
Thlmn. rf 3 0 1 8 0 Streib. lb 4 0 0 6 0
Stlmn. c. 3 0 1 4 2 Byrnes, o4 1 1 8 2
Dutler. p. 4 1 1 0 7 Grahm, p 4 1 1 0 2
Krugr, cf 1 0 0 2 0
TotaU.83 4 12 SO 17! . —
1 Totals. 38 3 11*27 9
•No one out when winning run was mada.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGB.
Bir.gles by Doyle and Nordyke, with
Waldrcn's fumble, allowed the former
to ecore In the first. Casey's bunt hit,
two bases en balls. Jones' Juggle of a
bunt and two bad misplays by Town
send gav« Taccma five In the fourth.
The horn* team was then blanked un
til the eighth, when two fielders'
choices, a base on balls. Irwln's error
tnd Lynch's two-sacker brought In
three more. Tacoma outplayed the vis
itors at everj' stage.
Eaa Francisco — I Tfcceaasv—
AB.R. H. P. A. 1 AB.R. H. F.A.
TS'Mer.Zb. 4 112 4 Dcyle.rf. 6 2 2 10
Hllibd.:.' 4 0 2 2 0 Shehn.3b 3 2 0 2 2
Wldm.cf 4 0 10 ONrdyk.lb 4 117 0
Meany.rf 3 0 0 4 0 Egaa.s... 4 0 0 2 3
Jnrln,3b. 2 0 0 1 3 Lynch.cf. 0 0 1 0 O
Txrr.sd.lb 4 0 0 10 1 Casey.Sb 5 12 4 2
Andrea, s 4 1110 McUn.lf. 110 2 0
Lrafcy.c. 3 0 0 2 1 Graham.c 3 12 9 2
Gcrtcn.c 0 0 0 1 0 Si.Vraa.p 3 10 0 0
Jcn»»,p.. 3 0 0 1 5
! TctaIs.S3 9 8 27 1»
Totals. SO 2 5 24 14'
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 1 0 0 5 0 0 0 3 z — 9
Base hit« 2101 1102 0— S
San Francisco ...00002000 0—2
Base hit 1 0 0 1 3 0 0 0 0—3
SUUMARY.
TTrrors — Doyle. Townsend 2. Waldron, Irwln.
Jones. Struck out — By St. Vraln 6, by Jor.es 2.
Eases t>3 balls — Off St. Vraln 4. o3 Jones 6.
V.'iM pitches — Jones 2. Stolen bases — Graham,
Hildebrfcnd. Two-ba?* hits — Lynch. Waldron.
Miller. Hildebrar.d. Firrt base on errors — Ta
coma 4. Sacrifice hits- — Sheehan, Graham. Mc-
Laugh!in. Left en bases — Tacoma 9. San
Francisco &.' Time of game — 1 hour and 45
minutes. Circlre— CyCcr.nell.
TACOMA, June 18.— Another easy vic
tory fell to the Tigers to-day. St. Vraln
pitched fine ball and was effective. In
the fourth, with two down and the
bases full, he struck out Townsend. The
Seals' scores cam* In the fifth, when
Anderson singled. Leahy and Jones
fanned the air and Miller and Hilde
brand each doubled. President Bert
viewed the proceedings from the press
box. Leahy's finger was injured by a
foul tip and he was succeeded by Gor
ton In the eighth.
(Pacific Coaat League.)
"W. L» Pet. ! W. U Pet.
i-o, Aa«»lea.43 34 .670 SeatUi 40 37 .619
Taooma. ....45 S4 .&70 San **r*a....S4 43 .442
pailand 48 25 .631 [Portland ....23 49 .82*
STANDING OP THE CLUBS.
Air When Bases Are All
Loaded in Fourth Inning
Big Cy Townsend Fans the
Abuses Umpire Browne and
Is Escorted Off Field by
Pair of Peace Guardians
SCHLAFLEY IN TEOUBLE
ST. Y1ULX AT HIS BEST
It developed yesterday that Jeffries
never posted his forfeit, which was sup
posed to be in the hands of the stake
bolder. When Harry Pollock learned
this he accused Jeffries of double deal
ing and expressed the belief that the
champion never Intended to fight Mun
roe. The New Yorker did not spare
the champion.
"I don't think Jeffries wants to fight
Munroe." said Pollock yesetrday.
"From what I can see there Is nothing
the matter with Jeffries fighting this
month If h» wanted to. Ho is in bed
here at Harbin Springs, but I don't
think he need stay there, as far as his
injured knee Is concerned. I do not see
where we will get anything out of this,
as Jeffries did not post his forfeit.
Ours was up in the hands of the stake
holder. I have given Jeffries until Mon
day to post a $5000 forfeit If this
money Is not put up I will start East
The Jeffries-Munroe fight has been
postponed again, this time until the
last week in August. This was the out
come of the conference at Harbin
Springs yesterday, in which Managers
Coffroth and Pollock participated with
Jeffries.
The advance sale of seats for the
fight amounted to $6000. This money
will be refunded to-morrow after 1 p.
m. at the office of the Yosemlto Club,
room 17, Columbian building.
It was Manager Coffroth who Insisted
on the men not fighting other opponents
until they meet In the ring In August.
The fight will be promoted by the Shas
ta Club. Its first and only venture Into
the puglllstlo field was the bout be
tween MoVey and Johnson.
Manager Coffroth said last night that
the matter had not been discussed as
to whether Jeffries would recompense
the club and Munroe for the money
they ara out. The club has epent a lot
of money for advertising. Munroe has
also been under big expense, keeping up
a big training establishment at the
beach.
Tuesday with Munroe. We have offers
of fights with Jim Corbett, Fltzslm
mons and other heavy-weights In
which there Is good money. We have
bound Munroe not to tight until he
meets Jeffries."
Jeffries wired his friend, De.Witt Van
Court, yesterday to post hla forfeit of
$5000.
Brown's Sturdy Sticker Puts
Ball Over Fence in Tenth
Inning of Exciting Game
Must Post a Heavy Forfeit or Munroe Starts East
Tuesday With Manager Pollock.
Bert Jones' Curves Have No
Terrors for Them and Tal
lies Arrive in Abundance
HOMER BY BECK
BEATS OAKLAND
TIGERS AGAIN
WIN WITH EASE
CHAMPION SECURES POSTPONEMENT
ON ACCOUNT OF HIS CONDITION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1904.
JEFFRIES AND, MUNROE FIGHT IN AUGUST
37
Eastern
Excursions
DATES— June 23, 23* 28.
July 1, 2, 7, 8, 13. 14.
August 8, 9, 10, 18, 19.
September £, 6, 7* S.
October 3, 4. 5* &
LIMITS— Good going on day
of sale, with stopover east
of California; transit limit
10 days. Good 90 days for
return; stopover anywhere.
SEE GRAND CANYON
ROUTpS — Santa Fe and con-
nections going. Different
route returning If desired.
RATES—
St. Louis and return $67.50
Chicago " , $72.50
New York M $108.50
Boston " $109.50
Philadelphia ** $107.50
And other Eastern Points.
Tnes« rates for direct line*.
TRAINS— Tickets are good
on all Santa Fe trains,
including the California •
Limited semi-weekly.
ASK US.
SANTA PS OFFICE— «41 KllM St.
OAJCIiAIf 35 — 1113 Broadway.
B£SE£L£T — Santa re Oesot.
SANTA FE IS THE WAY.
liTsTBRlBGE^COri
MERCHANT TAILORS. \\
622 Market Street. :!
Up Stairs. Opp. Palace HoteL \\
SAN FRANCISCO. ;]<
Novelties In Imported Wear. \]
__¦ ? ' ; ¦ ' -. ApVEaTISEMLENTa, *
¦ . ¦ — -— - • ¦
/ ¦ ¦ B
You Are the Man KS^^^^^^S^^P3 ' m *^ e Man Who §
Who Is Weak _ MBBBBSigHl |||f lias the Means of §
and Wants to Be Restoring Vigor to g
You have tried drugs ///^M l know Just what my 1
andhave not beencured, S^^u'(//^^otI Belt wiU do ' and if l say °
so you now want to l can cure vou l wil1 do §
make sure of it. t^lif^^^c^^STft^a so or pay you 61,000. g
TO men who are run down- weak and puny, who have lost the force of vitality, who feel gloomy, ¦
despondent and unable to battle with the affairs of life; who have Rheumatism, Back Paans, Weak g
Stomach and Kidneys and feel generally as if they needed to be made over. If that means yoo. corn* g
to me and if I say that I can cure you I will'do so or pay you $1000. .... B
. I don't want money that I don't earn. I don't need it, and am not after it. But I am after the dollars B
that are now going wrong in the quest of health. Look at all these poor wrecks of humanity that are p
spending all they can earn on drugs— dope that is paralyzing their vital organs— that have spent all they ¦
have earned for years* without gaining a pound of strength for the hundreds of dollars wasted. K
That is the money that I am after, because for every dollar I take I can give a thousand per cent m- g
terest. I have cured so many cases right here that I can prove my claims to you,, but if that proof is not gj
enough I'll give you the names of men right near you— where you are. Is that fair? B
Just lately I have received letters of praise from these men: ... , ¦
James P. Daniels, 709 Devisadcro street, San Francisco. He was cured of a back trouble of » ytarr ¦
8 an ing.^ GaskJ1]> 22Q chestnut ave., Santa Cruz, Cal., who says I cared him of Indigestion, Constipation, |~
Nervousness and Lumbago from which he had suffered 15 years. ~
Mr. A. J. Moore. Fort Bldwell. Cal.. writes. May 23. 1904: " D
. Dr McLaughlln— Dear Sir: I wore the Belt procured of you all last winter, until about the middle «f February. S
when I left It oft and went to work, having received complete relief from the weakness, varlcocele and rheumatism g
f suffered so long • from. I certainly would not give the Belt uo for all the drugs In the State and notwithstanding g
the fact that I am not situated so as to be able to give myself any particular attention. I am still in perfect health, g
Wherever you are. I think I can give you the name of a man in your town that I have cured. Just R
send me your address and let me try. This is my twenty-fourth year in the business of pumping new vim D
into wornout humanity and I've got cures in nearly every town on the map. n
Come and see me if you can and I'll fix you up; or, if you can t call, write to me and I'll do the same. B
I've got a nice book on men that I'll send sealed, free, if you inclose this ad. g
r\*. 71/f C A/lr-I aiin*fl1in 906 MARKET ST.. Above Ellis, SAN FRANCISCO g
\JY m 1Y1« W» IVlCLfClll^llllll j Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. Not sold In drug stma. 0
iaHHiBHBBHHHHaa«nHBBBaBaBaBpanaBBHBaa.iHaaHMaMM«HHHHiiaBaBHnnaBHsgBaS
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
viu¥iinEArfn
rHEE TO
FOR y^" " "N. MEH
VfBAr\/ n OfHO* /J \ fn » rv « » o u s
M""» &| / V* * 1 tj' 1 curative
i^Ky I fcA'AN ""* ' 9 powrre of cur
y^-m OvV ¦" -.Ljr*TMl most remark-
A^CvWcTREn" I |y able bom*
(CO jrJJ^EJ • -"jp T\ treatment, you
t^&V SO-D c^7 tlT?iiar Froval. It will
> l * 3 f ,i»!*\ «u I e k I r re-
< tf.fct.yi L X I \ ttcre lost
yrfSe : '. AT r mS \ "rength and
*»>!fP * :.~ XTw . A.A give you the
« o *J I ¦ . r K*»S^2NC/^ r-herlc p r e £-
*" < u \ ~ vJ r^S^^Jn. iure ll ' x *
the only
known •dratlfie means which will positively ,
er.Jtrge and fully develop them. Used with our
Local Absorbing Stimulating Tonic. Germicldal.
UcaJlng. Medicated Urethra! Crayons always
ouickly cures where all ela« fail*. Gleet, all
Lxains. Losses. Varlcocele Stricture. Prema-
tureness Enlargement of Prostate Gland, etc.
A ea-fe. •'.mple home cure. NEVER FAILS.
Dr Llewellyn one cf our staff of phy»lclan».
fcsji <3!fccovered a msrvelous remedy which will
c.vf action and produce results In S minutes.
>pj)!!ed locally only Works like magic. Don't
fail to call on us for demonstration or writ*
for new Illustrated bock. No. ti, sent securely
•riled, free. Hours. » vo 0; Sundays 10 to I.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO., 6 OTarrellStDaube. Chicago; J. D. Park. . Boston ; Dr. J.
I Streiff. Mrs. M. E. Titos. From Lower Lake
*— L. R. Schwartz.
. . .
TUSCAN SPRINGS— Neal A. Schorr. San
Francisco; Dr. B. 8. Noorse, R*pre#a; E. A.
O'Brien, Sacramento; D. V Hornleln. J. Pen
dergast. San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. C. P.
Nelson. Miss Dagmar Nelson. Sacramento; Mr.
S. H. Cappn. Tuolumne; E. W. .Penrose.
North Bloomfield; Isaac Woerner. Oakland;
Mrs. R. C. Blossom, Berkeley; Mr. and Mrs.
G. J. Manth Sacramento; John W, Hulen.
Gllroy; George W. Duff. San Francisco; C. B.
Strelchter and wife. Bakersfleld; D. Levin.
C. A. Gebert, Henry Pregge, J. Snyder. W.
Welas, San Francisco; William Grant. Grants
Pass; J. D. Mills, Sacramento; Dr.- V. Cav
al.sky. San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. O. W.
Babb. Sacramento: George A. Jameson. El
Paso; J. J Sheridan Harry Smith. San Fran
cisco; Charles H. Grlffee. Wadsworth; C. C.
Ludwlg Haul wife, Sacramento; R. L. Doug
las. Red Bluff; F. Chester, H. Allyn. San
Francisco: T. F. Baker, Orovitle; A, W. Simp
son Jr.. Stockton; E. M. Simpson. San Fran
cisco: Karl Korhertsch. Bacramento; Henry
Carpenter. Mrs. Elizabeth Carpenter, Sulsun;
W.. 8. Coyan .and wife. Blue Canyon; N. A.
Diecktrd. Sacramento; A. M. Simpson. Coos
Bay; Thomas Hart. A. Anderson. San Fran
cisco; Dr. B. F. Manning. Dunsmulr; W. E.
j Beever, Spokane; Edward Dexter, San Fran-
I Cisco: D. McCarthy. Oakland: Ur. and Mrs.
I J. B. Werrln. Virginia; Mr. and Mrs. G. ft,
Boone. Fresno; A. L. Meyers. San Francisco;
T.us Sahlman. W. C. Parker. Sacramento; O.
B. Vlahusta, Fresno.
• • •
EI/CARMELO HOTEL: From San Fran
cisco—J.. T. Thorn. G. AV. Hollowell. F. A.
Morgan. H. Oppenhelmer. J. M. Lttchfleld, O.
¦ E, Brady. Dr. A. C Gufftth, wife and son:
A. M. Burnett aad wife. Mrs. J. Cockrel. Bell
' TJ. Conrad. Mrs. I". H. Keith. Louis A. Leon
j hardt. J. E.- Newman. I. O. Herman. Lilly O.
! Rtchllng Dyer Mrs. O. J. Jolly. Mae O'Con
: nor. Anna McDonough. Rose Smith.- Mrs. Dora
I Bloom. Oussle Schilling. R. J. Bracty. Eliza
j beth R. Bttts. Elizabeth F. Douglas. Miss
j Josephine Asmus. Mrs. A. Nicholas. Mrs. Em
ma Naunerman. Dolly Hyams Gabrlelle Gress
Miss Hannah Collins. Alice Crowley, Kathe
rine M. FltxiceraM. J. Wenty and daughter.
4Mlsj Carpenter. Jennie A. Oberrich. Agnes
1 McVeray, Eleanor Garms, Kllzabeth J. Sulll
; van, Mary French, Clara L. Faulkner. Mrs.
j J A. Steubach. Helena Har.na. Mrs. R. II.
I Morran. Mrs. C. H. Bell. Mrs. C. J. Randor.
I Mrs. Krr.ni* Heber, MUs Martha Coppage Mrs.
i H. M. Green*. Miss lli'.Ur Sietzer. Miss Car
• rle R. Donohue, Durham; Mrs. E.~ Shephard.
Anderson: M. V. Farley, Watsonvllle; Mra.
A. Nelson. Calrrtoga; L. W. Dice. Holllster;
Arnul* Harris, Ple^saaton; Mrs. L. U. Mil
ler Fort Jones; Mary Boleelll Gilrov; Mrs'
W. B Wallace. Mrs. A. H. Murry. Vlsalia;
' Mrs. Bertha Land's. Elizabeth Fleming. Lin
' coin; Laura Wilson, . Alice .D«lew, Miss Maud
Wood. Mi«t Annie Burnett. Miss Emma Gett,
Miss Lottie Stevens. Mrs. Ada llo-vrnan. Sac-
I ramejito; Haze! McFarland. Folsom; Mrs. Kli
! z.i both Ro3s Miss M. ' Smith Arcata; Mrs.
I M. Lasley. Blue Laktre; Mrs. Rose Ruchltng.
I Mr3. Edna Conaenettl Jackson. Mtss McCul
loush, Colfax; Miss Ella Flattering, Napa;
; Ellen A; Lynch. Margaret Wilcox. Jennie
I Urown. R»d Bluff; Mrs. Burlin. San Mateo:
• Mrs Frank Brown. Ml*a Ida Ward P>akcrs-
O«I<1; Emma T. N. Lllkle. Mrs. Anna Sal
lara. I^odl: Agnes Lander. Mrs. W. A. Ha1».
M1J3 C. K. .Wllleneer. Martinci: Mtas Mae
Hallehan. Miss Grace Hltctlngs. Tureka; Miss
Emlel Nixon. Mr. and- Mrs. LUhton. Mrs.
May Howard. Mra. N. O. Nixon. Sutter Creek;
Eulnlia Strauh. San Leandro: Mrs. John Mel
don. Irvin"; |Mna Clark. Mrs. Laura Becklcy.
Santa Paula; A. H. Cantolr.rx-, Santa Barbara;
Mrs. Mamie Rayton. Emma Phillpson. Lena
Doollttle, Emma Barney. Stockton; Edna
SWartz*!, Emaia Swartzel. Fortuna: Mrs. L.
A. Leonhardt. Livermore; Clara Staffler, Area
ta Swan. Kate A.- Miller, Jesetn Hohnes. Fan
nte Holme*. Santa Crua; Fannie Pratt. Crock
ett: £•. M. Cordy. Angels Camp: Mrs. and Mlsa
Holden. Master HoUJen/W. E. Gammer3 and
wife. Alameda; Victoria A. Derrick. Mrs.
Sarah G. Sanborn. Oakland; Alice Petard.
Greenwood: Mrs. Dora Wilson, Nellie Kcrr,
Redwood City: Mrs. J. Dorratt Delia Rose.
Eva T. Bussenins. Angels ; MIm H. M. Mor
ris, Mrs. Lee Johnston. Sonora: Miss Dollle
Bradley. Elgin Park; H. B.'Mortler. wife and
child.. Mrs. W. 5. Blalna and child. H. O.
Keefe, San Joce; Frank Meyers. Mrs. J. A.
Murry, M. E. Smith. 'Woodland; ¦ Laura J.
Frakes. Sutter Creek: Miss Oaylord. Mirs
Sarah Sneath Nevada. City; Mls<t E. H.
HuithM. Downievllle; Y. 8. Oafford. MIm
Callinan. Miss Mabel Btackstock-. Ventura;
Mlaa Sarah Brown. Miss Maud Farmer Los
Angeles: Mn. E. II. Berry. Mrs. John Hull.
Milwaukee; H. Bockxtedt. Akron. O.: Mra. L.
A. Baney Mrs. W. E. Bates. Mrs. J. Wolfe.
Denver; M. It. Klrkwood, Colorado Springs;
Mrs. P. O. Brown, Salt Lake City; Joe L.
KLAMATH SPRINGS: From San Frmncls:o
— E. M. Hecht. G. H. Taubles. Mra. Fraak
Dunn. Miss Alice McAllister. Mrs. J. P. Jonas,
Gwendolen Jones. James Croad. Bt!a* Ob»n
chaln. George F. Fetherstone. Mr and Mrs.
J. B. Sykes. From Stockton — Dr. "W. 3. Sn«<SU
gar and wtfe. From Yreka — Claud* OUUa,
Kenalth C'.HIs. From Redding — W. vn^^i
son. From Medford — I* B. Warner.
DEER PARK rX>T: Prom Saa Francisco—
Dr. Hibbard and wife. Mr. and Mrs. Tailor.
Mr. Longton. S. Blbo. Mrs. Mary H. Smyth,
n. Humhansen. Mr. and Mrs. R. D. Grubb.
D. Hansen Grubb. H. Goetjen. Miss M. Goet-
Jen. From Sacramento— Sirs. William Kwh'
Miss Rowena Reed. From Stanford Unl-verslt/
— Professor E. K. Putnain. From Berkeley
University — Professor E. CNell mad wlfa.
From New York — Mr. aad Mra. L. A. Staa
ton. From Atlanta, Ga. — Mtsa Barbara Adalr.
From Tahoe Tavern — T. Warr. From Truck**
— Dr. Shoemaker and wife.
P. Stuart. Miss Helen Stewett, Mra. Lee C.
l'.obcns. Pktaburg; Mrs). Georje 8. Fields. F.
Goodfrlend. New York City; W. C. Ha.slej.
Miss Bagley Detroit.
SODA BAY SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — Harold Manor, James G. Ma^ulre, John
Geiiteler. Mrs. Oreenlaw. H. A. Leubinann.
Hfnry Ahlers. wife and son Mrs. Muller, Miss
Muller, Ada .15. Cohen. Gcorg« Tilden and wife.
Mlsa Carrie Reilly. Robert Hammond Dr. M.
N. Callender and wife, Ml«s Jennie Crowley.
Arthur .Green, Mr. and .Mrs. Megan. Roy
Hughes Jack Crowley, Miss May Blythe, E.
E. Meyer, Miss Willie Randall. Abe Jacobs
And' son. W. E. Dlnan and wife, Mr. and
Mrs. J. McGowan. Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Cook
son Harold Cookson. Miss M. Wambold. Mrs.
8. J. Mitchell.. From Oakland — Joseph Farley,
Harry Lleber. From San Jose— Mr. and Mrs.
John F. Trimble. From Chicago — EMwln Whit
ney and 'family. From San Mateo — Hiss J.
Bob. From Berkeley — Dan L. Corbett. From
Alameda — Mr. and Mrs. S. L. Center. Miss K.
B. Falklnhetm. From Woodland — Mrs. L. . D.
Stephens and I son. . From RiverMde — J. K.
-Russet. From Canon . City, Colo. — T. . A.
Youngs. From San Dleco— Mrs. E. Kauffman.
From Healdsburat — Sara Meyers and vrlfe.
From Ferndale — 8. J. Montgomery. From
Uklab— Mrs. T. M. Clelland, Herahel Clelland.
Eula Youner. Fanny Bntler. John Manning.
From Lakeport — Mr. and Mrs. Voes, Mias Wat
kin*, Mr«< Chamblln, Mrs. A. W. Green' and
family. Captain and Mrs. Brundlge Dr. C. L.
French. M, B. Sayr* L. Petlrozilnl and fam
ily, Mrs. Judge Bond. Mrs. Gray, Miss Foree.
G. H. Foree, Percy McClure, Miss OHte Wil
liams. Qeorsre Haycock, L. Little, W. C.
Faught, D. H. Byrnes. H. A. Strelff, L. A.
LAttUEL DE1.L: From Sin Francisco — F.
A, Jacob. Mrs. F. A. Jacob. Mrs. G. A. Boyer,
K. Mathews. George T. Tllden. wife and fam
ily, I). L. Corb-tt, Josephine Bot>. Carrie
B'eily H. R. O»«orge. E. xO. Haskell, L. P.
Howard, n. J. Cote. C. W. DuCy. Mrs. L. C.
r.ycc. Mre. F. L. Phelps. Charles E. ITobson,
nibcrt F. Cownn, Dr. Monroe N. Calender,
R. G. Parson, John Coyle. James G. Jackson.
Mrs. H. P. Flannery, Irene Flannery, Robert
E. HammorM. L. E. Johnson. Mrs. A. John
•OTi, Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Rossndorn, Mis.
John P. Glynn. Miss Reta Glynn. Mrs. Sum
Davis and eon. James Raymond. Mr. and Mrs.
Williams. J. C. Pulfer. Mrs. A. Pulfcr. E.
L. Newhall and wife. J. II. Lyons. Mra. K.
Hausrhton. James E.' Penny. • From Alameda —
Pamuel Center. Mrs. Samuel Center, MIes Eva
FnlV:lnghnm. MIjs M. L. McCowen. Joe Gaff
ney. From Oakland — F. Wallace, J. H.
Flathrcan and wlff>. Paul E. Millar. Frances
B. Walfenbarper, Mrs. E. F. Rowell. Pl«rcy
Rowell, Mrs. I* T. Bunker. Ben All. n. From
Sacramento — M. B. KUIott and wife. Miss
Irene Henderson. Miss Minnie Crowell. Miss
Nellie O-p-sIey.' M!»s Marian Bates. I. B. No^
bles, Clyde Jamison.
BYROX HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — TM Newman, O. J. Watson. T.
Schula. M. B. Curtis. J. T. Burke. W. C.
Morris. William Koenlg and wife, R. Hamil
ton. C. Hlrstifeld. Louis I. GolKsler Mrs. A.
C. Morrison, U. C. Taylor. Mrs. Charles Shaln
wald. Charles H. Murphy. Mr. and Mrs.
George Lewlston. John Carroll. Richard J.
Mler. Emile White. G. R. Field. Ralph H.
Moore. Mr. Pcrutton. W. J. P. Lawton. C. J.
Stovel, Chnrlcs Stork, Mr*. H. W. Merrill,
K M. Feichart, Mrs. M Flnnesa«s, J. L.
Stone, W." B. Gase. Mrs. Ef. n. Llllls. D. B.
Murphy. WIMtam D. Flynn. Miss Eu'Iots.
Trowbridge. P. J. Petcrsen, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald V. Campbell, C. A. Harmon. Dr. A.
E. Hrane. J. iianninjc and wife. From Oak
land—Mrs: Sarah Knox, Ml.os Kffie M.
Thomas. R. Smith. C. O. G. Miller. George
G. Nelson. Mrs. John Borland. L. F. Black
burn and wife. Wales I,. Palmer. From Loa
Ancole* — James D. Pchuyler. From Oftkdale — '
Mathlas Shun. From Redwood . City —^leorire
Barker. From Kern — J. L. Depanll. From
Berkeley — J V. Lynch. From San Jose — R.
J. T.nnefoni. From Stockton — Charles Haas,
J. D. PeUrs. Miss Anna D. Prters. J. H.
Ilosklns. From Bodle — Mrs. John Boriand.
From Newman — William E. Bunker. From
Fresno — Mrs Truman G. Hart. From Ten
Oak>- — Mrs. W. L. A«he. From Bakersfield —
G. AV. Cray. From Menlo Park — Miss M. Mc-
Donald. From Alameda — Sanford Bennett.
SARATOGA SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — Herman Rouer, H. Klrchman Jr.. Mrs.
H. Klrcbman, A. W. Lunsmann and family;
Mr. and Mrs. John Jacob, Peter Towmey. Mr.
and Mrs. E. Kleveaahl. Miss Minnie Kiev©
sahl. George Holulander. From Oakland —
Clem Marlln. Master Oscar Martin. From
Alameda — Mm. H. Fort man, J. Fulton, 1*
liale, J. Cooper.
From Oakland— M. W. Koenl<r and wife. Miss
J. Florence Moore. From Berkeley — A. It.
Botton. Mra. Mary I.. Bolton and daughter,
Fred C. Kohnke. From Tonopah, Ner. —
Charles D. Sullivan. Mrs. Janet Macdonald, J.
C. Grlffen and wife. From Reno. Nev. — Miss
Margaret Henry. P. J. Shea. From Virginia
City — George Hlcken.
BIVEBSZDE HOTEL. SANTA CRUZ: From
.Alerr.eda — G. W. Goodwin, wife and three
children. Fr?m San Mateo — Robert J. Wls
nun, wife and child: William H. Baxtlett and
v.ife. T-rom New York— Mrs. Addie Shafer.
l"roy» Santa Barbara — J. Kirscbner. Frcm
I'aaaii-Tia— Mrs. J. E. Burke. From Stockton —
J!ar>- Whituey. From ' San Franciscft— M.
<rfr<?n, Hnze'i Gr*«n. Selma Gre?n, Mrs. E.
v ¦¦• ¦¦¦ i-.kr.. Irer.e Pugarman. Miss J. B«rn«tein.
S. ?¦ :r, •„»- «n<] wire. Martha Ssrauss. Mrs. J.
Levy td Levy. Miss Sara Frank. W. H. Thor
ley. W. E. Corl#. A. StHn, Mrs. H. Harr.bur
t.-r and son, Mrs. Maurice Rosenthal and son,
Mr*. J. Iy^weaberr. Msster Charles Lowenberg.
Mrs. J. "Suits. Miss Suits. Frtim Germany —
I'ir. J. !!:,:i.hnUM-r. From Saa Mateo — M. F.
Drown, ulfe and child.
• • •
CALIENTE HOT SPRINGS: From San
Frs.n-i.vc-o— Mrs. M. A. E. Roberts, Un. M.
Uyan. H. Plath. MiM M. Conway. Ml«s S.
KarutHz, D. Andersan. Mrs. K. McCarthy.
l.!isy M. McCarthy. Hiss A. B. Sherman, Miss
P. M. £herrr.sn. Ml*s Elizabeth Hibbard, I.
B. Kaj-ard. Mr. and Mrs. George E. Nolan,
J'raTik N"!an. Mcrter Robert Nolan, Dr. M.
V.\ Fr*Jfritk. Ueorge L. Nichols, Thomat
• * •
HOTEL VEXDOMB: From Saa Francisco —
Mrs. Charles A. Grow. II. Marcus. Mr. and
Mr*. W. W. Hunt. Verojarte F. de PsJeya
ar.J *-lfe. W. M. Jellett, D. J. Gu?rgcnhelxner,
;¦:.:•¦¦: Money and family. Miss II. Mcaden
lieU Colonel *n<l Mrs. II, T. Laily. MU* Toots
Lally Mrs. Gfeors* Knunona, Theodore Boyd.
H M Hotalinir, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Butler,
J. B. Sehroeder, L. Goodfriend. J. V. Clarke.
J. W. Hicks. II. A. Gallagher, John Berry
man. C. W. FJser, C. S. Quick, Mr. and Mre.
M. L. Frank and cSiild. -Mrs. 11. Grathwell.
F 8. Greeoiee, J. R. Btaunton, Alfred Porter
R&binsoa. Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Brown, Mr.
and Mrs. William Thomas. Miss Thomas. Mr.
and Mrs. E. T. Macdonald, J. M. Patrick and
l»u:!ly. Mis* Kaiherlne Dillon. Miss Patrlca
Oo*grive, Lieutenant Emery Winshlp, Miss
Grace Spreckels, MUs LiHle Sprockets. W. ».
K. Gibson W. W. Carson, Mrs. John L.
Ersiiburj". 'Eison Bradbun". M. P. O'Brien.
Mrs BeardsJe* Mr. ard Mrs. Henry Dutton,
Dr. acd Mrs. A. B. Spaulding. M. B. M«
rhact. E. E. Peabod>-. J. E. Argus, E. L.
IUtilg. C. E. M»thewson. Dr." J. W. W. San
beme. Mr. and Mrs. Milton Fray. Mr. and
Mrs. William H. I>eming. F. A. Keyser, Elgin
Sfvldard. Mr. and Mrs. W. "W. Eaint, F. K.
I'iate. P. M. Henry. F. E. Pawlickl. P. F.
Lur.d II. M. Anthony. Miss Carroll. Miss
Francis Carroll, T. B. Berry, Clinton B. War
den Colonel E. G. Wheeier. Mrs. W,. D. TIs
r- •" M:>« Tisdale. Mrs. E. R. Br>-ant, C. P."
Wet-ks. II. C. Burr Jr.. J. F. Sorjren. C. C.
Perkins. From Oakland — Miss Blna May
Mo6»ley. H. M. Maxwell and wife. Mrs. E.
W. En*es. Mr. and Mr*. Wickhara Havens.
Harold Havecs. Dr. and Mrs. Joe«ph L. i'ease.
Dr. I- K. Herrlck. Rev. Eflgar F. Gee, New
ton H. Barn. Mr. and Mrs. P. E. Bowles,
Mr an<3 Mrs. Walter Morgan Mrs. Katherine
Kutsell. Mr. and Mrs. K. C. Havens, Dr. and
Mrs. J. K. Nicholson, Miss Belle Nicholson.
<* F Smith. Mr. and Mrs. B. B. Thompson.
Krom Naxsa— W M. Kisher. R, M. Butler and
wife, l^rom Iledwuod City— J. \V. Ellsworth.
V. B. Lawrence. N. B. Grares, C. Beeper.
From Berkeley— Miss Louise Berryman. Mr.
nr.d Mrs. F. L. Clarke. A. C. Miller. From
ITIicuWU Mr ami Mrs. Frank A. Miller. Miss
Albie Miller. Krom Los Acgeles — Mr. and
Mre. J. W. Brown. Frcm Seattle — A. C. Bur
citk. from Washington. D. C. — General and
Mrs Thomas M. Anderson, J. E. W. Tracy,
r. W Ellis. From New Tork City — Mrs. J.
L Ely. Jlirs Kly. Charles D. gtevens, T. C
Hull A. W. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Fred K.
Pi^rt-e, Mrs. MoCortnick. Mrs. II. T. Richards.
1>. \V Mair. John O. Klemraons. C. M. Ingram.
L". H. N(>rton. James R. Barker, A. C. Bowles.
A'.su '-..'f a number if Eastern tourists.
DHL COMB; Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Hooke.
llr. ai.: ilrs. Rupert Jennings, Mr. and Mrs.
J V. Grahan:. Mr. and Mr*. A. 6. Olds. B. R.
X.V.is ana family. C. R. Soott, Mrs. Speyer,
IVOflats gr-*r*r. Mr. and Mrs. C. Ii. llairfield,
Kau Fnttetmoo; Mr. acd Mm. X. C. Havens,
Mr. end Mne. W. Haven*. Haroid Havens,
:.;it C. W. r.r;t*. Mr. and Mrs. 11. M. Max
well, netaoat; Waitir liradley. New Haven;
Mn. ¦ .. ¦.«m C'.Ui. Mi«« Clirt, Oakland; MUs
ii- e>r r . Mies A- l'.o»i-r>. Scotland; Mr. and
Rlx*. ]'. Jack Banger, Texas; Mr. and Mrs.
tt. }i. Tcliter, Mr. and Mrs. W. Cuary, Chi
cigo; y.:. and Kra. Charles Slerninff Jr., Vlda
biuxiilr-t. ; Mrs. K. M. Nesmllh.
Sir ii n! ilre. W. W. Saint, H. Jacobs. Cyril
R. Tw,:n. K. P. Tcbln, Mr. and Mrs. FYAnic
iJutkr. l>. Austin. J. K. K. Nuttali. Carter
Lee, Mrs. Lf«, Richard Lte, Muegmva L«e.
f-.-. Krsiristo; J. I. CUsbey, Salt Lake City;
M:« K. ;uutex.d. Mrs. A. 1'. Klcar.e. Mr. and
Mrs. K. fierce. Mrs. H. I. RlchartU. Andrew
.V :.r?:-.-r.. Ill** L. Johnston. -Miss - M. U.
: . ..hiv.-:.. iJr. fctd Mra. E. L>. Lederman. Naw
York; Mr. unl Mrs. H. R. Wllllar. Mr. and
Mrs. N. II. Eaton, Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Tally.
Mir.cn Tally, Mr. and Mrs. George Emmons,
M>t Gladys £aitr.ons, Mr. and Mrs. G. II.
Lowell. V.'Liiam M. O'Connor, San Francisco;
1U-. aad ifrs. Chenrean. ' Parts; Mr. and Mrs.
J. C. Uart2*:i. A.'nca; Mr. and Mrs. J. W.
Morris, Canada; 3Ir». W. C. Urant, Dr. L. C.
Kt!gi-.r. Ch!c*co: Mrs. S. A. Holmes. Boston;
VlrK.nta, Reed Murchy, Saa Jose; i^aul von
XK.nicrt. Mr. and ilrs. J. Webber. Mrs. C.
Vtbber. Kta- Vcrk; Mrs. H. 8. E. Mejer, th»
Witsv-s Meyer. K. G. Meyer, L. J. Gerhart.
Hsmrt W. Bray, San Francisco; Miss O. A.
Norton. Hcranu.3; Mr. and Mrs. W. Ladd.
Ph::idtlphia.
The summer ezodua from the city
grows eoace. The clamor for com
fortable quarters at the springs and at
the Beatide and mountain resorts ex
presses the cherished hope of tba city
bound brethren to get out of town for
a breath.
VICHY SPRINGS: From San Francisco —
Henry F. Bogel. J. J Calundan, Mrs J J.
Calundan, W/ J. -Regan. Robert Gallagher.
George G. McComb. Rudie Sehlueter. J. T.
Ednrr and wife. John Alpers. Mrs. and Miss
S. E. Boyes. MUs Rita Ogden. Mrs Harm*
Rink, Mr and Mm. Oeorge E. Knfef, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles D. Olney. Mr. and Mrs. Burker,
John Monahan, MUs Monahan, Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin W. Joy, Allesando Mondono. Julius
Lemle. N. P. Vallejo. Mr. and Mrs. Ober
meyer, Harry Crowley, Dr. A. E. Blake Dr.
A. E. Sykes. J. Shuban, Mr. and Mra. O. Con
oliy, Miss M. Shauncssy. Miss Nell" Mulvey,
Mr. and Mrs. Gustave Schnee. Besrle Carr.
T. J. Brandenstein. TV. T. Dunn. Mr. and Mis.
Z.' Abrams. Henry Rich. Mr. and Mrs. J.
Picket-man. Carroll Davis, Mr. and Mrs. C.
H. Greene, R. C. Andrus. Mr. and Mre. TV.
C. Leavltt, Mr and Mrs. Maurice Roseodorn,
Mrs. J. P. Glynn. Miss Rita Glynn. Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Wendt. W, C. Baker. Harry A<1
lee. Miss Guckenhelm. Josephine Frank. Mr.
and Mrs. J. D. Bullwtnkel. Vera Bullwinkel,
Clarence Bullwinkel. Mrs. T. C. Van Bibber,
Mr. and Mrs. Parker. Peter Tomney, Mr. and
WALL SPRINGS: From San Francisco—
Miss Edith German, B. Schiff, Mlsa Florence
Schlff, Miss Camille du Berry. Mrs. J. Don
nellr. MUs Lizzie Donnelly. J. Donnelly. Ed
ward Gleason William J. Gleason, James
Glcason. Mrs. C. H Rlckett. J. Hartson, Mrs.
J. Hartson. Mrs. M. A. Timbrel. Mra. L. M.
Parmlee, Mrs. G. H Qutnton. G. II. Quinton.
A C. Quinton. Mrs. E. J. GudelJ. E. J. Gudelj
Miss Viola GudeQ, Mrs. J. Holland. Mts«
Naomi Holland. E C. Hlenre, D. Foley and
child. Mrs. D. Koley. Mrs. A.- Burke, Mrs. G.
Connelly and' two children. Miss Georgle
Rhenfeldt. Mm. N, A. Groth. Harry Groth,
Mls*s Eftella Groth. Milton Groth.
ADAMS 6PIUNO8: From San Francisco-
Miss Clifford. L. W. Fee, J. Ls\T. H. Diers,
I*. J. Kelllher. Charles T. KortJoDn, William
Thompson, J. -Lutgcn Mra. Lutgen, L. Bon
man. Joe Copsey, Kittle Truman. Henry Mil
ler. B. Rich, A. F. Uagllardo, A. T. Deckel
man. Anna Moser, P. J. Madigan. Mrs. P. J.
Madlgan. . Henry Sturken, Maud* Harris, M.
Klinu. John C. Connors, R. MaBride, C. Rode.
Mrs. C. Rude.. Muter Rode, H. Eommers, Q.
McFetlcy, F. P. | McFeeley, Ernest Illl*.
Charles K. Lushmann. Mrs. Lunsmann, C
Lunsmann, Mrs. Mearus. Ida JUearun, .- .Mrs.
Dober, J. 'Alfonte, Henry Lunsmann. Willie
Lunsmann. Lewis Weiss, ii. It. Cleete A.
N'oman, Frank Ames "Mrs. Ames, Thomas Kel
ly, Joe Kelly. C. Maston. J. Hail L. Hall.
Frank Jones. DaUy Kessel, Maud MUler, Lucy
Miller, John Miller, F. Bennett. George Pierce,
Amy Cole Annie Cole, E. A. Carlyon, Mrs.
Ualln. J. Akcrs, P. Johnston, Mr. Hatfield,
Miss Blrdy Stage, Captain Linen, Captain Ba
ker. D. F. Foster. Dr. Cole, Alice Hansen, C.
Hainby. Joe Cane; Tim Foley, James Far
quhr. S. P. Slone, J. S. Woodn. C. Ryons, J.
C. O»Ulns. Miss Burger, Miss Hage,, C. M.
Strom?, Annie Lawiets, Mary Lawlus, Kate
Culr*p. Sam Adavlch, C. 'K. Meyer, Roy
Huehes. Saci tfosenbloom. Jack Crowlcy,
Erjrjjent Hhaw, Willie Neuman. C. B. Burk,
Miss Rognn, i~.im Jones. H. II. Hooper, Mrs.
Hooper. M. Hogan, John Foster, Matthew
Daly. W. Steiihtnbon, Mr. Harben?on. J. C.
Coriett. W. C. HarrU, J. Ciuff. Mr. Arm
strong. R. II. Lyons. Mat Stanley, Mrs. H.
Hanes. P.alph Darling, P. C Morl«,/W. T.
Walker.,- Mr. Hilderbrand Mrs. Doran. Georg*
Gibtin, Charles Harris. Joe Davis. Mrs. East
mann. From Oakland— John T. Owens, Mrs.
T.- Owens. • II; -E. Baxter, W. R. Pond, Mr.
Rote. Mrs. Rose. F. Feely. N. T. Outwater,
Mrs N . T. . Outwater Mra. Levy. Master
Levy. J. Denehey. J. Ilagerty. P. C. Holbrook,
Frank Hecox, Amy Hecox. Joe Vallejo, Miss
Merritt J Tubbs. Mr. Paterson, Joe Sanford,
Mr. Gilbert. M. C. Hurd. George Cobb. M. M.
Ruhland. Mr. Peabody. John Brennan. George
Smith Miss A Flanlgan, MUs Klllam. Miss
GorCan. Ralph M11U, P. S. Nelson, Mrs. J.
Cotton. M: Shaw, Mrs. Harmon. P. Hunrord,
T. Rodgers, A. Hasten R. C. Scott. From
Sacrainento — Dlddy Biggs, Mr. Wlckham,
George Brown, F. Ahern, B. D. Bant, C. Cop
per, Joe Marshall. Mrs Sadie Cole, Joseph
Horn. Alice Ffaher. From Los Angeles— Joste
Meyers. Arthur Haywards, Joseph Corkson,
Horace Palfost. D. C. Rudie. H. IC Cokmant
T. S Holdstrom. From Vallejo— Frank Rod
gers. V, O'Grady, P. Dlneen. Vlnces Dln«en,
R. Rule. D. D. McWad*. MUs Pruna, Miss E.
Johnson. Mrs. M. B. Cocmbs, MUs J. Boggs,
Mls«! Emily Johuson Verda Ford, K. A.
Mltchel. Mrs B!ankee. Miss Sady Cole. Mrs.
Watts. G. Helms, E. H. Hall. B. C. Fowler.
From Petaluma — J. . C. , McLaughlln, John
Wltchen. Georjre Weber. R.-H. Burgess, T. S.
Caldweli, C. " Warren. Rose Franklin. From
Alameda — W W. Miller, O. Wagner. D. P.
Bowler. Charles 8talder. Julia Brant. F. 3.
Millfgan Captain Morgan. From San Jose-
Arthur Gill. MUs Glynn.
BARTLETT ..SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — Mr. arid Mrs. Conrad .KlsslinB, MUs
Elizabeth Kissllng, MUs McCann, Frank
Bishop. Mrs." J. M. Sallea, Ml:* Mildred Sal
lee. Harvey Sallee. Mr. and Mrs. Milton Hey
nemann, Miss Helen Heynemann. Jack Il.yne
nrnnn. E. N. Marks, Mrs. E. Niehaus, Mr.
and Mrs. Leon Curran, Misses Hazel and
Blanche "¦ Curran, "Leon- Curran" Jr., Mr. and
Mrs. F. \V, Stewart," George W. Ph«lps. J.
W. Hogan. U Uecker. Mr. and Mrs. S. Oold
fctuin. J.. U. Stdne. James McMullen, Mrs.
Adolf Kutntr, Mrs. Al Kutner. C. A. Lefevre.
G. R. Wullmaiin, Agnes A. Carey, Mr. and
Mrs. Gale. Mlu Gale, D. Iladeler and family,
Mrs. Walter White and children. From other
cities— Mr. and Mrs. George A. Goellck, J. D.
Goslick. Sacramento; W. W. Leitbead. .Pas
adena; J. H. Flathmann and wifu, Oakland;
Mr. and Mrs. M. M. Davis. Santa Rosa; Mrs.
O. Weismann. Blue Lakes; George L. Trlggs,
Frank Smith, R. L. Wilson. Upper Lake; \V.
R. Porter, VVaUonville; v Geonje G. Brooks,
Colusa.
Charles E. Brower. From England Springs —
J. H. Nlcol and wife. •
i HIGHLAND SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco—C. Schillings and wife. Miss Paula
Leichter. H. J. Friedlander. S. C. Denson and
wife. Miss I. Traynor. Master H. Traynor. B.
Sorensen and wife, J. R. Meyer. W. C.
Schneider. C. W. Hibbard. " Mre. W. J. Mar
tin and family, L A. Kutner. N. A Gold-
Bteln. Mrs. 6. J. Mitchell. M. Gilbert. A.
Weingarten. A. B. Caldwell and wife. E. M.
Caldwell. J. A. Hughes. J. Deasy. Mrs.. A.
Neuman and son. Miss M. Wambold. H. E.
Cookson and wife. A. Roncoveri, L. Roneo
verl, A. E. Kronke an I wife. Miss B. Jurgens,
D. B. Faxton and fatnilr. W. L. Williams.
J. H. Bennett and family. From Berkeley —
Mrs Merry and daughter. Mrs. E. Williams.
Miss E. Williams. E. William*. P. Malony,
Mrs. J. O. Doane, Mrs. G. H. Mayer* and
son. From Napa — L. S. Hoyt. E. H. Wlnshlp.
Mrs. E. II. Wlnshlp. Earl Wlnship From
San Jose — J. F. Trimble and wife. Miss F. B.
Wolfenbergcr. From Alameda — Mrs. E. A.
Bunker. Miss Bunker. Master T. Hunker. Mlsa
F Bunker. Miss K. E: Bunker. From Wood
land^ — J. C. Cessna, j From London. England —
BLUE LAKES RESORT: From San Fran
cisco — W. C. Baker, Miss Rena Duncan, E.
Benjes, T. Prax. William Dunn. K. H. Coney.
13. M. Nlltw, J. A. McGllvray, J. J. SuUivan>
J. Smith. J. J. Drlscoll and wife, J. J. Bran
densteln. WHHam Elded, Frank Sandelin.
Jam«s B. K, Canfrauth. Charles Stokes M.al
vey. W. F. Thomas, Mrs. W. F. Thomas, Miss
Muriel Thomas, B. V. Dodge, Geonre W.
Brown. H. William Eisert. Hciiry P. Umbsen,
J. L. Robinson and wife. J. B. Robinson, Mrs.
H. Reafro, Miss Nellie Henderson, Mies Rena
Henderson. R. Cummlcgs, MUs lna Hefron,
Robert McGorvey. Bert Miller, Mia3 Alice
Jean. Miss Bensie McGarvey, 1". B. Gtlson and
wife. Miss Winnie Bushnell, MissUessie Stand
ley. Lloyd Henlsy, J — M. Coffrflth. Mr. and
Mrs. Meusdorffer and eon, Fred H. Las?ll,
Frank X. Mayer. O. W. Bruce, J. Michaels,
J. Keller, W. IMliara. W. Taylor, R. T. Wall
and wife. J. H. Camrbell, Mrs. and Miss
Hawkins, H. J. Slmmen, D. L. Davis, Mrs.
Harry Flannery. Miss Irene Flann«ry, Mr. and
Mrs. Maurice Rosendorn, Mrs. J. P. Glynn,
Miss Reta Glynn, William M. Graver, H.- H.
Eliottt. Charlea E. Prower. A. H. Stoll and
sen, G. H. Grimm, Milton Heynemann. wife,
son and daughter: Samuel Meyer and wife.
Mrs. S. 3. Mitchell. O. Schlnkel Jr., wife and
daughter; Albert A. Rosenshlne, J. H. Flath
mann and wife Lewis Weiss, E. H. Clute,
Mrs. F.. T. Rowell. Percy Rowel). Miss L. T.
Hunker. Ben H. Allen. 11. C. Kellum. Mra.
Frank Happer»berc«r. Frank and Harry Hap
persberger. Theodore Schafer, J. W. Ormsby
and wife. From Oakland — F. J. Wallace, D.
K. Penner, R. I* Beaulien. Mrp. Frank Wal
ten-tein and niere; Ml*s F. S. O'Connor. Dorsan
Nirkols and wife. Woody Coleman, Dr. Wil
liam McLauehlln. Dr. F. T. Noble. Mr. and
Mre. Ben Newman and family, Mr. Bush and
family. Mira Barry and cuter. Miss EJsa
Leichter and friends, Mrs. Emile Happersber
ger and family, Mr. and Mrs. Hock. Miss
Joele Hock, T. P. Emlgh and family.
HOTEL DEL CAZADERO: Fron San Fran
cisoo—Frank Oulttard, George Sperbeck.
Charles Bunch, B. L. Mrith. J. W. Hunter and
wife. P. MoTeroelty. II. T. Mayers and bride,
C. 11. E*«n, J. S. Ferris L. M. Donohue. J.
DsJy O. L. Eelllrcer.'L. M. Meade and wife,
A. D. Ehepard and wife. W. M. Rank and wife,
E. J. Coate. Mr. and Mrs. Uartlett. Mr. and
Mrs. O. F. Giffln, Mr. and Mrs. fVV. R. Rooker.
Mr. and Mra. J. C. Rueluth. Mr. and Mrs.
W. Rudgvar, Mr. and Mrs. R. Jansen. JJdgur
Klauber Oacar Rouleau, H. A. Fleming, E.
Stelnway, C. B. Moss, J. H. Nuk. V. M.
Hatch, Mrs. Walter Bpeyer, Mias Helen Sp#y
er. Miiis Ethel Speyer, John Eugene Epeyer.
Mrs. Charles Wolpert, Mis« Grace Wolpcrt-
Mrs. A. IVrcauers and two daughters, Joseph
Wlgmore Roept. W. A. Root, T. B. Citron
From Oakland — Blram White, Joseph Lancas
ter. T. B. Fitch, H. J. Fitch. J. G. Fitch, ' J.
E. Saulpaugh and family. From Alameda —
Mr. and Mre. M. E. For&yth, Mr. and Mrs.
Joe Bernard, Charles E. Brown. From Loa
Angeles — Mr. and Mrs. R. Jansen, Edgar E.
Klaubert. From Santa Rosa — W. P. Porep,
wife and child; George R, Holbrook. C. Sten
gell, E. P. Lewis. George Williamson. From
Sacramento— J. E. Lynch, D. M. Cole and wife,
W. S. Dozier. H. English, Ogden Hoffman.
LTTTON SPRINGS: From San Francisco—
Mrs. C. L. Fonl, Miss Leah Ford, Rudolph
Llchtenberg Jr., J. Y. Ace)", " Mrs. J. Fraser,
C. L. Nei*on, T. H. Farrlngton and wife,
John A.Nov111, A. D. Pluehoff. Mrs. A. Reeve
Mrs. Allard George B. FerjfUion and wife,
Louis Lobenstcln. Mies Alire Roland, Miss
Jessie Hamlln. Miss Dottle Pierce-, Miss Marie
Egar. Tom Wllscn. H. Heacock, J. Town
sei.d. James Pray. S. Lachman.
Peruigrove — C. E. Parkinson, Bcu'.ah. Cal. —
Carrie Judd Montgomery, raith Judd Mont
gomery. Santa Ro6a — J. B. Moran, Bertha
Jims. J. C. Larsen. Miss Light.' Fred Sehmiel.
Healdsburg— Mies H. E. Wldlund, airs. G. W.
Terry. James T. Hassell, 6. H. Goldstein. L.
E. Rankln. New York — Robert F. Rocs, Mrs.
E. W. Maland. Eureka — Miss Nora. Terry.
Kdmondon, Canada — Dr. Mclr.tyre and .wife,
Mle« II. Mclntyre, Maurice Bondom. Skaggs —
Ueorse Royce.
Murphy, A. P. Whelan, Leo Zelrocr. Lee
VTankel. Mlas Fannie Harrlgan. Mr. and Mrs.
E. Hoitman, Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Hanralian.
T. H. Bchultze, H. Hoffmaa, L. Goldsmith;
Charles Couriaa. Miss Waters, il. B. Merrian,
S. M. Simon. MUs Nellie Drlscoll. Mrs. C.
Dctermsn, ills* K. Kenney, MiM Hannah
Nolan. Mrs. J. W. Welch and family. Miss M.
McLoughlin. J. T. Ayer. Georg* J. McLough
lln. Mr. and Mrs. M. Simon. Mtas C. Cellar,
Kendl* Beane, Mrs. T. S. de Forest and
daughter. Mr. and Mrs. T. V. Harrington, Mis*
Tina Quadt. Miss M. Moloney, A. S. Gold
smith. Mrs. E. Forest, Prosper Forest, Mrs.
P. S. Montague and daughter. From Los
Anr*lei»— Miss C. Mullen. From New York—
Edw. A. Godding. From San. Jess — William
Lu.lewlg. Frcm Reed Station— John Reed.
Mr*. J J. Reed. Miss Reed. From Petaluma —
H. B. HlKbee. From Oakland— S. A. Cphn.
TOLAND HOUSE. MOUNT HOWELL:
From San Francisco — Miss fonhle Winter.
Mrs. Max Oruenbcnr.' Raoul Gruenbersr, Car!
Grucr.b»-r«:. Misses Amy. May and rinrita Nu
nan, J. H. Dlercks. Miss Ann.-i Bellln John
Koch, Bcrnhard HaU*Phild. Leo lilssmunn.
Julian Olcovich. Miss Ethol Sherry. Mr. and
Mrs. W. B. AVhltP. Sherrv Whitp. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Bunzel, Misses Viola and Juanlta
Bunrel; Mr. anil Mr>. P. Zem«n«ky and'
family. Miss Rlmta Bloom. Mr. and Mn. L.
Relmers. MiSE.e'g Anita, Dorohy' and Marion
Reimers. Master Louis Reimers. Ml?aen Abbie
and' Badye Dwyer Mrs. E. Forhan. , Miss'
Kathryn Feehan, Mlsa Alice M. d'Arcy. MI?s
A dele Maass, Mrs. M McKownn. ,Mr Bruns,
M. Bendixcn. From Oaklnnil— Mrs. E, M. Ksl« j
ler. Miss Lillian Keller. Mrs. R. Tui*nbull. Mint
Lillian Turnbull. From Berkeley — Mrs. T. B.
WUHamR Arthur William*. From Alameda —
Mra. J. L. Kreye, Miss Lizzie Kreye. Mrs. B.
Joat, Misses 'Alie.* and Emily .lost, Bernard
Jost, Miss Lulun Reli^hcl. From Howell Moun- J
tain— Mrs. E. Modrel. 1
HOTEL LYNDON:- From Ban * Francisco— I
Mrs. James B, Smith. MU»s Alma Smith and
rcaid. Byron D. Bert. Robert Weber. Walter ,
M. Cordv, Jarncn D. McGlll, Dr. T. L. Ma
honey, Mrs«. T. L. Mahoney and child. Mrs.
P. F. Madden and child. A. D. d'Ancona,'
Mies Cox. Mm. H. Brewsttr, Maude K. Ack
erman. Miss J. W. Carter. William C. Vcor
sanger. Miss Mabel F. Gordon. W. C. Clark
and wife. 8. H. Bayley and wife. Mrs C. C.
Ne-whell. P. J. Wenlger. ..From Oakland— Mrs.
William , S. Noyes. Miss' Lucella woyrs. M.
M. Hoffmann, H. S. Reed. Dr. and Mrs. Jo
eeph L. Pease, Dr. L, F. Herrlck, C. Brier. I
G. M. Borden. 'From Alameda — J. S. Killan, '
Mary E. Starr.' Miss A. D. Starr. "Dr. A. ;
.Fenyes. Mrs. E. 8. Fenyes, -Mr#~_S. I. Cum- i
mlngs. MIfs Mary. Cumin Ings. Jack Cummlnga I
Dorrls Deily, Miss Annette Xing. ;
. . » • • I
LAKESIDE PARK. LAKE TAIIOE: From
San Francisco — James . Hansen, Louis L.
Janes. George I. Taylor. I.' TV. Cohen. W. H. •
Camerson. Frank Sternberg and wife,. Misses i
Ethel "and Bernlce Sternberg. Misses Marian '
•nd Lillian Cotrel, ' Thomas Cotrel, MlsaCora 1
A. GUdden. Harry K. Hobe, M. J. Caenery. ¦
HOHrS. MENLO PARK: Mr. and Mrs.
Arthur W. Moore. Mr. and Mrs. John
Lee, Misses Lola, Ethel and Helen
Lee, -Mr. and Mrs. ¦ M.' K. 'Tobln,
MIsfes Edna and Laura Pcafkes, Dr. ani Mrs.
George H. Evans, Misses Marlon And Evelyn
Evans, Mr. and ¦ Mrs KIrkham Wrisht. Mr.
and Mrs. John II. Hurdy. MIm Glcdys Hurdy.
Mis* A. Utsehig Dr. and Mrs. Wallace I.
Tiny. ' Miss Elizabeth Terry, Mr. and Mrs.
Sherwood Hopkins. Miss .Gertrude Hopkins.
JOHANNISBERG. OAKVILLE: From Ssn
Francisco — Mr. und Mrs. William Ammnnn,
Mlns "Ada Teazell, Mr«. 8. Orponbaum, Dr.
Lawrence Grernbuum. W. .T. Corrr. Mra. H.
Jacobs and rcn, MIescs Estolje and M*y Barh
man, Mr. and Mrs. Max Schwabnchcr. E.1
wln Buchman, John Munford, J. W. Farrrl,
OBcar Weil. Robert L. Ackermann. Mrs. J. G.
Giesting and family, Mrs. II.- B. Shaw. Mr.
and Mrs. Herman Bartb and family.
CAMP CURRY— H. A. Taylor. Mrs. E. 8.
Taylor. Miss C. Taylor, Los Anjrelrs; Mrs.
M; A. Hart. Mrs. J. A. Shaw. Miss H. Shaw,
Fcrndale; Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Holt. Alameda;
Mrs. M. A. Taylor. H. H. Becker and wife,
San Francisco: Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Hasklns,
Oakland; 8. R. Marvin. San, Francisco: Mr:
and Mrs. P. F. Wood, Los Angeles; Colonel
and Mrs. Heap, San FranciRCo; Miss M. Wil
liamson • MIm G. Doyla Vallejo: Miss K. C.
Hyde. Miss M. R. Kennedy. Miss J. Hyde, |
Miss H. Phillips. Pan Francisco: Mrs. . W. :
Worthlngton. Mlns J. Worthlngton. Miss L. i
Worthlngton. Cincinnati. O. : Mr. and Mrs. P. !
Flack, San Francisco; F. F. Sewal!. Chicago;
Mr. find Mm. W. C. Morken, Stockton: Mrs.
L. W. Simpson, San Francisco; Miss J. E.
Mason. Berkeley: Mi»s G. J. Crofton. Wash- j
Ington, D. C. : Miss E. Stephens Smith. Miss
S. D. Smith. Colllnsville: J. J. Maoon. Berke
ley; J. B. Mattlngly. Athens. O.: N. Leo Le
lean. Mrs. N. L. Lelean. Redlands; F. O.
Knlesche. Berlin, Germany: vMr. and Mrs. M. i
Stateler, Alameda: Mr. and) Mra. R. F KI- '
der. San Francisco: Mark S Guth Phlladel- ;
phla. Pa.; Elbrrt Westfall. Coulterville; Mr. !
and Mrs. J. W. Pew. Mrs. W. G. Barrett. !
Charles Doble, San Francisco: Mr. and Mrs. i
A. Dey and chtld. Lftkevllle. Conn.; R. Ruck-,
cr. Merced: Mies M. Tague. Chlcaeo; Dr.!
and Mrs. M. N. Ruckor Merced; Miss P.
Grove, San Jose; Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Luft,
Columbus, O.; Miss E. M. Smith. Miss N.
Covell. Woodbridge; M. S Terry. Miss Terry.
Evaston. 111. « Mr* J. Martin Smith. New Zea
land: Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Gamble. Miss E. '
Gamble. George Gamble, Launcelot Gamble, ;
James Gamble. Palo Alto: A. O. Lcuschner.
B. L. Ncwliirk Berkeley; Mr and Mrs G. ',
M. Perfnc. Mrs. J. O. Mackln!er. Mrs. G. H. ¦
Umbsfn, Mrs. A. D. King. Ran Francisco; *
Mrs. A. D. Kuhl Santa Clara ; Miss B Mark*.
Ban Franc'.aco; Mr- and Mrs. H • H. Bralhols,
New Tork City; F. IC Dyer. Rostcn: MIks '
Duane. Mise Alberdlng, Malta. Ill; Miss R. !
L. Fpimller.^rittsburg:, Pa.: Mr. and Mrs. A. :
Mngaray. Miss M. C. Majfaray Mount Lofty,
South Australia: G. F. Covell.' Mr. and Mrs. ;
W. B. White an-1 children. Woodbrldge; Ar- ;
thur M. Cooley, Berkeley. j
• • » i
AETNA SPRINGS: TTom San Francisco—
Mm. A- G. Flsk. MIsb Helen Fisk Maater
Flsk, Mrs. L. B. ¦ Elsk. 'Mrs. I. Werthelmer,
Jackson- Werthelm*-r. Mr. and Mrs. Worthlng
ton Aro^s. MUs Francos Ames, Alden Arms,
Mr. and Mrs. II. W. Westphal. Dolph West
phai; George Pi'-Thomas, Mr*. CL. Lathrop.
J. Morris. From Naps— Ml«s M. A. Keller,
E.-H. Wlnshlp Mrs. Wlnshlp, L. S. Hoyt.
From Berkeley — Fred G. Russ. ' — ~
MARK WEST SPRINGS: John N. McG«e,
E. - Spooner. Charles Pekasy, T. A
Perkins, H. R. Campbell and wife,
Mrs. H. H. Tourtll'.ot, Jamea Brown,
A. Scholtz end wife, Mr. Schmlt and wife,
Mrs. Baker. H. Myer and wife. William C. R.
Murry. Miss Easter Belle Brown M. N E.
Danenbaum and wife, Theo Luthl. Mra. M.
T. A. White. Miss Przyzorouskt, Mrs. Frank
enberg and two sons Ben Sponard Miss Helen
Crawford, E. 8. Comps, Mr. and Mrs. Wolf
and baby. Mrs. II. Kellern, O. Geuert, Mrs.
Jessie Lamont, A. A. Lamont and wife.
Charles Lamont, Byballa Lamont, Fred Mar.
rlott and wlf*. James Perry. I. Wallflsch, H.
W. Ne*ke. Tom Berry. Frank Berry. Mis*
Mary Sabers. Mrs. M. Myre, brother and son.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS: From San Fran-«
Cisco — C. II. Hllbert, L. Yolkers, L. B. Fay
ard. Mrs. L. C. Richardson. Miss C. A- Vln
zent. Mrs. E. W.'Nurth. Mrs. Joseph Hayes.
Miss Mabel Curran, W. Manchester. Ml?s May
McDonald. Mrs. M. Permeon. J. Ladtau H.
Strauss. Miss Gertrude WhIUtone, Percy J.
Raymond,. Mrs. P. J. Raymond. Miss Adalr
Waldren. Raymond Johnson. Mr. and Mm.
Arthur Burton. Mrs. Louis Muller and con.
A. W. Koulk, 4 Viola Hays. Mrs. B. Strauss,
Mies Emma. J. Rless and wife Miss Eleanor
Wooeter, John P. Jackson. Mr. and Mrs. F.
Bishop. Angus Bishop, L. Reixs, Joseph
Mlchalitschke. wife and child. Mm. G. L.
Rathbone, Mrs. George Alexander, MKsa
Aileen McNutt and maid. Miss Salomon. Sam
Fleishman, Mrs. Anna H. Jackson. George
Brurster. F. L. Eaton, Charles Sonntag. Mr.
and Mrs. C. B. Schwain, Charles H. Jackson,
A. Strauss. From Oakland — Mrs F. M. Push,
H. Milton. Porter, J. L Hussoy Carl H_ Mi
chel. Miss Ruth H. Nickel. ; Mrs. P. Becker.
Miss Lucy Prlter, Mrs. E. C. Prlter. Captain
Dutton, wife and maid, H. J. Slanton and ron.
DE LA ROSA RESORT: From San Fran
cisco — John Kentz, . Dr. and Mrs. E. W.
Pratt,- Mrs. Edward Pratt. Dr. Tito Corco
ran. Mr. and Mrs. A. Russell, Master Arthur
Russell H. W. Maeloon, W.' H. Foster, Miss
Cecil Greanlo. Dr. Van, Mrs. Muldxop and
three children. Mrs. H. L. Boldt and three
children. Butler Smith, two' children ond
nurse. Mien W. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Fergu
son and two children, Mr. and Mrs. I. Hays,
Mr. and Mrs. F. C. C. Sherlug and three
children, Mr. and Mrs. Adams and two chil
dren. Miss Theresa Jay mot, Miss Lucle
Mesple, Mrs. D. Hellow.Mr*. E. Esquag and
two children, Mrs. Loufse Treamohtan, Miss
Mari<» Lassalle. From Oakland— Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Jones and son, Mrs. Colgett and ilia
two Misses CoUrett. Mr. and Mrs. F. House,
Mr. and Mrs. Campbell and Miss Campbell.
From Alameda — Mr. arid Mrs. Clarke, Mr. and
Mrs. Williams and three children. From
Berkeley — Mrs. Macole, Miss E. Macole, Miss
Ada Macole. From Ean Jose— Mr. and Mn>.
J. C. Carcoran and baby, Miss Rita Valencia,
Mr. and Mrs. O._ Clarke. Miss M Jones, A.
Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Brown and
daughter. y
/ • • • ,
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN— Dr. Alfred Fel
lows, Los Angeles; Miss Van Cogdon. < Mr.
and Mrs. Montroyd Sharpe Santa Cruz; Mr.
and Mrs, Normond Marfa; Mr. and Mrs.
Darwall, Ben Lomond; Dr. A. Fenyea, 'Mrs.
B. S. Fenyes. Pasadena; A. Leigh, W. T. An
derBOn. Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Marks, Mr. an.l
Mrs. C E. Knox and daughter. L. W. Ford,
Herbert' de Wolfe, Herbert Parish, Graham
Margass, H. G. Wolfo Mr. and Mrs. Wake
field Baker. E. M. Randall, Mrs. Randall. O.
L. McMahon, Miss L McDonnell, George Ehr
man. Charles Ehrma'n. Miss Margaret Kosh
land. Miss F. NewHeld, F. Dernham, C. Ed
ward Imun. .San Francisco; Edward M. Walsh,
Mrs. G. von Giegllngen. Oakland.
Mrs.j B. I.tringston and child. Mrs. E.
Houghton, Franz Mayor Maurice Block, Mr.
and Mre. F. A Marriott" O. N. Mall. Mr. and
Mm. :We!ae,-. S. Hammcnd, • Mr. and Mrs.
Heaby. 8. J. Mitchell, Captain E. A. Root,
Mrs. E. A. Root. Mrs. Katheryn Miller. Mr.
and Mn. \V. A. Merrall, Mr. and Mrs. Claw
son and child, Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Kofman,
Dr. J. J. Crowly, Mr» J. J. Crowly. L. D.
Frichette. Nellie V. Frichette. From Oakland
— Mr. and Mrs. Winchester, E*tel!e Short,
Mr. and Mrs. Jo« Cook. Thomas Stokes Mul
vcy, J. - W. Coffrsth, Mrs. M. Vincent. Mrs.
Rente Chabot, Mrs J. Ii Dleckmann. Miss
Claire Chabot Fred' DIeckmann, WUlard Bar
ton. F. J, Wallace, Mrs. Charles Jackson.
From Berkeley— Mrs. Wlatringham. From
San Rafael — J. A. Reede.' From Petaluma —
E. O. Webb Jr., G. G. Dacent, J. N. Madlscn.
J. Stelper. From Martinez — Ada M. Is-alch,
Ruth Bannlck. |Mr. Mitchell. From Santa
Rosa — Mrs. T. J. Geary. From El Robles —
Mrs. Bylngton. From Healdsburg— Mr. and
Mrs. 8. Mayer. From Haywards— J. J. Rl
ser. From Los Angeles— Mra. R. W. Taylor,
Mrs: B. M. Dingley.
LOITER BY THE SEA AND IN HILLS
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1004.
Continued on Pago 39, Column 1.
38
I , NEWMAN & JjEYISSOS,
] * ........ \ .
.„¦„«, |^f\ f&J (T^ (% m , We Aim To
Mail Orders, \S\ M^, ®S *S X y£. Make
Pa Attcnuon ar Kearny and Sutter Sts. satisfactory
Store Opens 8.3O Ji. M., Closes 5.SO P. M.
A Sale of Fancy Silks
For Smart Summer Suits - 50c
(l»irst Ktoor Kearny St.)
An accumulation of this season's high grade Fancy Silks — over three thousand yards, offered
to-morrow at the above extraordinarily low price. • Included in the sale are excellent -designs and
good colorings in
Fancy Striped Taffetas, Figured Panne Foulards, Fancy Pongees,
Wnite Corded Taffetas, Solid Color Peau de Cyg^ie, etc., etc.
Just the silks that are now being used for those charming Shirt Waist Suits that are so popular,
and there's not a yard in the entire lot worth less than 75c and many are worth $1.25 per rr\
yard — all to go at the one price, per yard JUC
SILK REMNANTS—A small lot b lengths ranging from 2 to 6 yards — Silks that sell regularly at 75c and
$1.00 per y»rti — will be closed out Monday at, per yard
Special Sale For cTWonday and Tuesday £f
BE AUTIFUL LACES
DECISIVELY UNDER - PRICE
(First Floor Kearny St.)
¦ The balance of those handsome two-toned and solid color Laces that were admired so much
this summer, go on sale Monday at reduced prices. Words cannot tell the beauty" and worth of
these Laces — to fully appreciate them you must come and see the goods. Among them are Bands,
Festoons, 'Galloons, Medallions and Appliques in Venise, Batiste, Fibre, Silk and many other Laces
of a!l widths, offered at away below regular prices. For example, Laces that
Were *;c, now 20c Were Jr.co, now... 65c Were £2.00, now. ..11.35 Were $3.50, now... J2.00
Wcre65c,now 42c Were $1.35. now. ..$1.00 Were $2.23, now... $1.50 Were $4.00, now... $2.25
Were 75c, now 50c Were $i.6«, now.. .$1.10 Were $2.50, now... $1.75 Were $4-5°» now... $2.75
Ladies' New Summer Waists -=- 75c
Ji Special Purchase — Jin Exceptional Sale
(Third Floo^^feearny St.)
C; .1 J anything be more opportune ? Here is a lot of Stylish Waists, just when you need them
most, offered at less than cost of manufacture. They are made of splendid quality Madras, in
white ground, with dainty striped and figured designs — some prettily tucked front and back, others
with plain tailor-made front and French back — Every one is in perfect condition and if «"7/r_
bought in the regular way could not be sold for less than $1.25 each — sale price to-morrow /OC
Here's Three Excellent Curtain Items
cAt Specially Interesting Trices for Monday
(Second Floor Sutter St.)
Nt. ; <;;:cwa.\\ Lace Curtains, Nottingham lace curtains, Arabian Lace curtains, with
in white or ecru, 3>j yards long and white or ecru, in entirely new cluny plain cable, net centers and handsome
full width, in choice designs; real and antique designs— excellent quality, corded borders; real value $6.00,
value S1.7S, special at " worth $2-50, at special at
$135 a Pair $1.85 a Pair $4.25 a Pair
Splendid Values in Bathing Suits ~ Monday
(Third Floor Kearny St.)
Ladies' Bathing Suits of navy-blue) Ladies' Bathing Suits of black j Ladrcs' Alpaca Bathing Suits, in
Flannel, with rolling or sailor collar, Momie cloth, with large white or red black or navy-blue, with large sailor
trimmed with white braid, skirt and sailor collar, trimmed with white braid, collar, trimmed with braid; one of the
belt trimmed to match belt und skirt also trimmed," price neatest styles ever shown at
$1.60 a Suit $2.50 a Suit ' . $3.50 a Suit [i
Bithlng Suits also for Men, Boys and Gltls, In great variety, at lowest possible prices.
Ladies' Fine Knitted Underwear
zAt Extremely Low Prices ;
(Maiii Aisle Kearny St.)
. La ji.s'ribied cotton VESTS, white Ladies' fine ribbed Equestrienne' Ladies' spun Silk VESTS, Swiss
6hly, for burhmeT wear, in high neck TIGHTS, light .weight, in black or ribbed, sleevetess, with yokes beautl-
with long or. short sleeves, also low white, knee or ankle lengths, all sizes, fully crocheted by hand; colors white
neck and sleeveless. Tights to match, real value $1.00, sale price, while the and pink;real value $1.50, special to-
special at quantity lasts, morrow at . •'
50c Each . 75c Pair . : $1.25 Each.
ADVZSTISZ2CENTS.
FAT FOLKS
YOUR WEIGHT REDUCED
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
By New Process I guarantee to REDUCE
TOCR WEIGHT or money refunded. No
Change la Diet, no Inconvenience, no tad alt-
er effects.
Wrinkles and all facial blemishes. Superflu-
ous hair removed. Manicuring, hain'.rtss'.r.?,
scalp treatment. Phcne Private Exchange "IX
coirsiTx.TATicm fbez.
MSS. E. L. KYA.V D^rmatoloilst-
Apt. 535. THE r&OQT7OI3. 524 EU1« at.
I^Telephoto Poco. B, 5x7; listed $42;
ff our price Has.OtX Pocket Poco. T 1
¦ 3'4K*",i; listed »9; our price $8.00. • ¦ §•
¦ Kcror.n. No. 4, 4x3; listed $23; our c
ft price .-^1* J.I 15. Korona. No.,1'. 3x7; ' 5
« llstrd *^J; our price ftO.OS. M
H Korona Petite. 3\4x»U: llsteil *3.3J; E
H our price !>'».."JT». Stmt, with ra~Ic a
land pir.icr.: li;ted $11; now !?7.:tr» S
W These cameras, except Petite and I
S Pocket Poco, ar^r supplied with car- I
fl rylns c«*«> and put? .holder. 1
M SUNSET BAZAAR. ' Ij
m 42 Third st., San Francisco. y
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemlshss are removed by
Mrs. Dr. A. W. TRAVERSE, nee LOIS GBAV.
Donohce bulieuiu. 1170 Market st.. cor. Taylor,
rooms 28-20. with the electric needle; p«ria-
snency suaranteed; hours 1 to 4 9. m. •-
ADVERTISEMENTS. •'
I %% Women's Apparel Inclusively | 1
it 117 riFLAR^T ' 1 1
The time for clearing tho season's stock is again
a t hand. From former sales you attended you BtaMI * >^P|
§£SS&y . know its importance.
pSlw" At these periodical sales the cost of garments . 9
Wf is not taken into consideration. Our sole pur- |
vM pose anc^ e c^ tes °^ modern merchandizing are not to carrv one single |M|
ftp garment from one season into another, and we realize thit radical price WM
:fi& reductions only will accomplish this, and by* strictly enforcing this H|A
'/£ £j method we are at all times enabled to offer only the newest and best fill
|j si in the Domain of Fashion. . . ' H§|
\\ - EVERY GARMENT OFFERED IN TfflS SALE il
|H Is strictly new, up-to-date and in perfect condition. None have been |f§|
| | in the store over sixty days and many o.rily a few weeks, but all are mm
I | included in these marvelous reductions. . . pr|
I 1 Price Reductions on Every Gown |jf|
I p Price Reductions on Every Tailor Suit mm
I B Price Reductions on Every Linen Suit f§§§
llU Price Reductions on Every Silk Suit mM
gi Price Reductions on Every Coat |f||
i|p Price Reductions on Every Suit v - mm
P f| Price Reductions on Every Skirt mm
fm Price Reductions on Every Waist Mm
| ! Price Reductions on Every Petticoat ii
pl'l On Account of the Large Reductions Alterations Witt Be Charged for mmC. H. Morrell has sued Sheriff Curtis
for $299, the value of a metal urn
seized and withheld under a writ of
attachment. The complaint states that
the urn was to be used as a depository
for the ashes of the dead
Sues for Burial Urn.
Acting under a writ of possession
sued out by the Santa Fe Land Im
provement Company,, Deputy Sheriff
Jesse Galland yesterday- evicted J.
Comer, his wife and six children from
premises at 523 Minnesota street for
non-payment of rent. Galland had
refused to turn the family out on Fri
day until provision wan made for the
care of the six children. ¦ Frank Kane
of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children found homes for
the three girls and three boys in the
Boys' ?nd Girls' directories . at the
Pdgges-Uon of Sheriff Curti3. Comer,
who is ill, was sent to the City Hos
pital.
Serve Writ of Possession Until
They Are Cared For.
Deputy Sheriff Galland Refuses to
FINDS HOME FOR CHILDREN
BEFORE EVICTING FAMILY'
Henry Carr, who is employed at the
Victoria Powder Works, West Berke
ley, had an exciting experience at the
ocean beach on Friday night. He was
strolling along about 10 o'clock when
he was" confronted by three men Just
opposite Sheehan's. Two of them wore
khaki uniforms and one presented a
revolver at Carr's head and gruffly told
him to throw up his hands.
Carr quickly obeyed and another of
the trio went through his pockets, tak
ing his gold watch and $4 25 in silver.
Then they reviled him for having so
little money and made him take off
his coat and vest and hat, which they
carried away with them. Carr hunted
for a policeman and met T. J. Dugan,
to whom he told his experience. Frank
H. Norman, clerk to the Chief of Po
lice, and Policeman Cavanaugh hap
pened along and also listened to Carr's
tale. They Joined Dugan in a search
for the footpads, without success. Carr
gave a good description of the trio.
Henry Ca it Asserts That "Three 'Men,
Two Wearing Khaki Uniform*,
-— Took Coin and Clothes. •
SAYS HE WAS ROBBED
AT TILE OCEAN BEACH
LINDNER'S PARK. Guernerllle: From
San Francisco — Mr. .and Mrs. Kutsch and fam
ily. Mr. and Mrs. Rlordan and family. Mrs.
Jordan and family. Mr». I., Lynn of Palo
Alto; Mrs. Llpnert, Mrs. Rimassa, Daniel Me-
Clone. Miss Edith Lindner. Michael Bon Fon
taJne. MIm Carrie Kutsch. Miss Lizzie Kutsch
H. C. Bell of Oakland. Mrs. Marsh Master
Harry Marsh, Mr. and Mrs. Levy and family
of Oakland. Mr. Wood. Mrs. Cabalan. Mrs.
Calahan. Mrs. Tobln. "Mr. and Mrs. Sandy and
family. MI«s Louisa Lindner. Master Conrad
Lindner Mr. and Mrs. Llppert, Miss Mae Lip
pert. Mies Bessie Llppert. Miss Irene Llppert,
Mlns Ethel Llpnert. Master Leonard Llppert
Roy Whlpple, Milton Haley, Harry Haley, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Rimassa, Miss Bell Rimassa
Mies Mabel Rimassa, Miss Hazel Rlmassa*
W. F. Walt*. C. J. Parker. Mm. Herman
Wiener, Mri. S. Lischtiz. .
HOTEL BEN LOMOND: From San Fran
clsro—Howard Scott, T. P. Clarke, Mrn C
M. Mann. L. p. Mart*!. Leila *A. Mann, Stanley
T. Welsh. H. p. Parish,' G. J. IJecht and wife,
a. W. Hind, James Roelph. Mrs. A. Alper,
Mr*. W. Boyken. Adoiph Ii.ykon, William
J. Gray. Miss B. H. Gray. Mrs. John Elliott.
Miss J. E. Greer. Ml«s E. Oitcrman. Miss
Dorothy Elliott, Charles Furl* and wife. John
Elliott. Dr. B. Gunzburger. Mrs. Gunsburger.
Fophle Gunzburger. Johanna Gunzburger. Mrs.
R. Stich. CbaxUs Aronson. Mrs. Aronson. Isa
bel Arcnson. William Aronson. J. M. L>*vee
and wife, Miriam Levee. F. IJaumann, Mrs.
A. Rolph. Miss Dorr. Mrs. John Oppenhelmer,
Mr. and Mm. Dunham. Rev. H. Porrlsh G.
Morgan. Mrs." A. Goldberg, Myrtle Goldberg.
Puth Goldberg, MI*e H. Schultz, Mr. and Mrs.
t-'chultr. John Wunder and wife. FYom Oak
land—Miss Hussey. Mr.' and Mrs. H. Abraham,
son. From Alameda — Miss Dorothy Holbrook.
From San Jcj« — R. 8. Post. F. Mylar, H. VFld
den, A. J. Bond. From Palo Xlto — Mr. and
Mrs. W. T. Hyde. F. F. Day. From San Ma
teo—J. 8. Green and wife. From Santa Cruz —
M. Harrington. May Harrington. From Fres
no — F. A. Lines. From Chicago — Mlse Miller.
LAKE INDEPENDENCE— J. Freuler H
Freuler. Berkeley; H. II. Bunker. San'Fran
d*™>; L. B. Chsndler. L*>s Angeles; 8 R.
Srmmes. J. W. Llekar. San Francisco- Mr.
and Mrs. E. A. Danlelson, Santa Barbara:
Mr. and Mnv. Mabrj' McMahon, Mies Nellie
McAtlnter. San Francisco; H. C. I.lnsoott
Santa Ana; R. Hubbard. Truckee; Miss Plt
tinicer. Virginia City. Ner.: J.G.Ix Page MC
Cushlng. Dr. C. A. Nahl. W. Harder Hobart
Mills; John S. Selfrfdire. Fan Franeiaco; Mrs
Sellm E. Woodwcrth. Dorothy Wood worth, Mil
dred Woodworth, Berkeley; Mrs. N H R»^«i
Santa Barbara; L. J. Reed, Berkeley; Miss
Baley. Vliginla City. Ney.- W. A. Cunning
bam. Columbns. O.; Mrs. 8. B. Cheek Miss
Jeanette Ellison. Berkeley; Mr. and Mrs W
A. Rogers. Master R. D. Grey. San Fran
cisco: John Hughes, Woodland; H. E. Harris
San Francisco.
E. H. WlnBhlp and wife. U g. Hoyt, Harold
\ . Manor. W. Oronan, Mlsa J. Cronan. Sam
Rr**nblum. Mrs. S. Caatillar. T. G. Wilson
M. J. Click. Charles B. Gibbons, Mrs. J. Buck
ley. Mrs. J. F. McG*ou«-h. George A. Smith.
A. 8. Archer. W. E. Dlnnan. wlfa and familv;
t). H. Coyne, K. Delbenco. R. N. Inaraham
MiFs J. Crowley, Da\1d Crowley and wife. Jack"
CTOwIey. Cliff . Kellner, Robert J. Smith A.
Green. At« Jacobs and son, J. D. Sullivan.
May Biythe. A. J. Morgan and wife E. D
Van Brag and wife, Roy Hujrhes. Mro. M.
S^?- 2*- Kennedy. O«org<» Hughes, Henry
McOrMh. Georce Marshall. II. A. Elliott Mr
and Mrs. J. McGowan. Will Gumann,. liwsld
Schneider. Mn>. R. Clayburgh. Mlsa L. Klvlra
Llbj. Mrs. Mlrhals and daughter. From Oak
land—C. G. Bell, J. L. Kenns. Mr. and Mrs
I L. Cavaneo. Mrs. W. B. WaUon. E. E.
Meyer. E. C. Tobey, Frank Davis. From Ala
meda—P. Dean, W. Muller
Mayor Schmitz left yesterday for a
trip to the Yosemite. His Honor, who
was accompanied by his wife, will be
gone three weeks. During his absence
the business of 'the office will be con
ducted -t>y Secretary George B. Keane.
Mayor Goes to Yosemitc.
SEIGLKR HOT SPRINGE: From San Fran
«-:*co — Sergeant L. Ehaw, wife «nd family; M
F. W. En«;l»-«. R. S. Davis, B. J. Mantel!.
W. B. Domw and w' r '. P. Derar.lna, Frar.k
Valerro. Mrs. P. J. Mitchell. Mrs. C. Lathrop,
TAHOE TAVERN: From Ean FrancUco —
.1. L. Scott, Mr. and Mm. D. U Bllea, Miss
Hop« BliM, Will Bliss. E. A. St. Germain.
MlM Ft. Germain. Mrs. W. M. Mooeer. Mrs.
.1. n. Scott. Mrs. E. G. Scott. H. S. Zehner, ,
K. H. Farrish, Mi?s Breeze. Mre. K. I\ Nor
wood Mrs>. H. C Benson, Tom Benson, Miss
Lincoln. MiM C. A. Glidden. Thomai
futrel. Mr. and Mr*. A. Borel. Miss N. Ilorel.
Mis* A. Borfl, Miss U Borel. A. Bor*l
Jr. Oiarle* A. Vogelsang. Thomas Mor
; In. N'jw Evtrdlnjr. J. C. JCverdtng. W. H.
Hathaway. M. n<>U5. L. J. Phillips. \V. P.
WiUiaM and wife, G. O. Oxnard and wife.
K. D I>e«n. J. W. r»esn. J. D. Brown. V. T.
Kenney. Mrs. (=. D. Ives. Mis* Ives. Mr. and
Mif=. «'. K. Sew ell, Portland. Ore.: Fred Rath
and wlfp. Hobart Mill*; A. L.. Sundtrer an-1
wife. JrMnKtun; C I*. Bliss and wife. Hobart
Mills: Mr. and Mr*. E. O. Vail. Berkeley: C
J.. Van Meter. Oakland; A. E. Carson. Keno:
A. E. ••handler. <-»r»on: W. %.. Wolf. U. S. G.
S : Bi*nop and Mr*. J. M". Walden. Cincin
nati «>hio: G. B. Johnson. -Cincinnati. Ohio:
W. P. I^ller Jr.. San Mateo; Miss Alice
southworth. Mr*.' E. »\ Southworth. Fanger.
CM.; P- <i" Scaddfn. Nevada City: Dr«; A.
Bshr »ri wife. Paradena; Mies E. Park*.
ISarjm-ffle: Mis* D. Tarry, Alameda; W. H.
< art^r and wife, Ksnt-a* City. Mo.; E. D.
Ljman. Ii*-no; T. F. Fitzgerald. 1/os Angeles;
A. E. Mapill Oakland: F. C. Cornell and wife.
Ith» a. N. r.j C Brier. Oakland: E. J. Bald
win. <ama Anita: Mr*. A. E. Kent, San Ma
teo; Mifs M. E. Pars^n", San Mateo.
• • •
«;JLPOY HOT SPRINGS: From San Fran
<-i<.<x— P. H*-!kent*T& and wife. iTiris Taft,
U. 1\ Whitkker. J. A. Housaard. L. B. Wil
son ind *l/«-. Otto Quellmalz, Ed Armftrong,
Captain I. K. Hsrifti. Mr*. A. Lyon*. R.
reyrrnnet. W. n. Herbert. Mi*s Maud Farrel.
Mira Hel»n Farrel. (P. O. Rohr. B. C Wna.cn.
f< hn F. t'mland. Harry Seeley and wife. Chris
tian Wugner and wife. P. J. Hanley and wife,
Alex Heshier. Mr*. Wilson, B. L. Brown, J.
Faturrr. Phil lUrri?, E. E. Hills and wife, c.
F. Kraft. Ger-rse Parker. P. Dowllnr. J. W.
K'rvin end family. Mils Kate Block. Mre.
i:th"i Oreng-o. Mise Bernhard, J. P. Connelly,
"ieoiife F. liarharth. Mrs. B. F. Nelson, Mre.
Kaghy. F. W. B«>a)t!e, Mtys Rlva Gardner.
AV. S. McGill. From Ban Jcse— P. Estrada
snd wife. J. «. McMillan. Mrs. Mary Collard,
T. H. Roman, R. W. Edward*, J. C. O'Nell,
.1. H. Powell. C P. Carpenter and wife. From
M*nlo 1'ark — John MacBain and wife. From
Wataonvtlle — R. E. Shirk and James Waters
snd wife.. From Sacta Crux — L. Thurber.
wife and rhiid. Fnm Pleaeanton — J. Hal
• '"pe- From Fr»-sn" — John B. Petersen. From
• "hfcaico — Mi»s Jennie Crowley, Miss Georjfe
Goodrich. <_\ J. Parish and wife. From Wash
ington—J. J. Mag"n, wife and children.
• • •
OCCIDENTAL, HOTEL. HATWARDS: From
f<«D Francisco— E. C. A'«*xander, Leo Alexan
der, Mrs. K. C. Alexander. Mrs. E. O. Regens
berger. 1^. D. Little. Tliomas A. White. Mrs.
J->. M. Johnxon, Mir* M. l». Johnxon. From
ljot Angeles— John M. Howard. C. F. Eddy.
• • •
PARAISO SPRINGS: From San Francisco
— J. H. <*urrler und wife. C. Ci. Kawers, Cap-
Uini A. J. Punleavy, rarolyn Haas, Rose
Haa* Mrs. Irwjn, Miws Osborne. Joseph Hahn,
Miss R Brj-ant, Mlf* Su*le Wells. Ethel J.
IXrn, Mrs. E. «». KoenlR and family. H. Hy
man. THoma* D. RiorrJan and wife, Mrs. B. H.
I.ucke, Clarice Lucke, Adele trticke. F. P.
Kur.an, John Clayton. Mrs. James MeMahon,
?••>.:¦•• McMahon, Gus McMahon. Mary O. lirls
ccil. Ed Schnutenhaus and wife. Miss Grenln
«»r. John Boyle. John Ooley and wife. From
Oakland — R. B. Tompeon. Waiter Kinr. G. J.
Klruc. Carrie F. Pchall. From Salinas — Dr.
• 'happel. Bot-ert Fairlej-. J. J. Conner C D.
Dorn, Mr*. B. V. Sarjcent and family, Mr*.
6. B. Gordon. From San Mateo — Ben Race,
George K. McVey, Thomas F. Burke. From
"Wat«mvi;ie — Mi*« Sarab Cox. From Kings
City — John Leonard. From San Jose — Edith
M. Deltz. From Pa<-ramento — Mrs. J H.
¦Whlted. Mrs. F. A. Kelton. Ml*s Zena Geery.
From Soledad — Joe Blngman. S. Gould Jep.
Kuchels^n. From Alameda — Mary c. McKee.
From Monterey — Mr*. V.\ E. Parker. H. J.
O. Prim. From Spre^kels — Georsre Verderber
3. M, Taylor. XV. H. Abbott. J. Cayer. Frcm
FaTament«> — J. II. Grenard. From Berkeley
H. C. Smith, John Copt.aaje. P. T. Martin.
FVm Chlcajro— Re\-. E. R. Jonep, Colonel Bud
water. From Boston — Mr. and Mrs. Van Dyke.
General and Mrs. Thomas M. Ander
son, who have been visiting San Fran
cisco and Alcatrax Island for the last
ten days, departed for the East last
night.
Surgeon Thomas L. Rhodes has
been granted a two months' leave of
absence from his post at .the Presidio
general hospital.
Contract Surgeon A. M. Wilkins paid
his respects to General MacArthur yes
terday.
Captain Frank L. Winn reports that
the rifle practice of the Fifteenth In
fantry at Monterey is progressing in a
satisfactory manner. In the battalion
which practiced during the past week
fifty-eight men received the honor of
marksmen and thirty-eight are en
titled to be called sharpshooter*.
Major John P. Wisser returned from
a tour of Inspection of the artillery
posts of the Department of California
yesterday.
Four companies of the Thirteenth
Infantry, under command of Major
Black, finished their rifle practice at
the Rodeo range yesterday. Out of
the number forty-one are entitled to
be marksmen. Four more companies
will go over to the range to-morrow
morning. From July 7 to July 23 of
ficers and enlisted men who desire to
prepare for the annual .competition
will have an opportunity to practice
on this range. At the conclusion of
this practice another battalion of the
Thirteenth Infantry will go to the
range.
Foot Companies of Thirteenth Infan
try at Rodeo Produce Forty-
One Marksmen.
Continued From Page 38, Column 7.
ENLISTED MEN MAKE GOOD
SHOWING ON RIFLE RANGE
LOITER BY THE SEA AND III HILLS
Batteries B and C. First Artillery,
Captains Gratton and Petty, will en
gage in target practice to-day at the
range of Company D of the Fifth at
San Rafael.
; The date for the encampment of the
j Guard of this State has been set for
! August 13. Beyond that nothing has
j been given out. None of the commands
j has been advised as to where the men'
are to go into camp.
A number of company commanders
say they are censured In orders if dila
tory in forwarding reports to superior
j headquarters, and they are wondering
I why demands which ought to have
j been received more than two months
j ago have not yet reached company
j headquarters.
Company I of Llvermore has obtained
sufficient ammunition from Sacramento
to enable the members to engage in
target practice at the th'ree distances.
YThe long-expected belts for the men
of the guard are coming. The required
number has been issued to the First
Infantry and to the First Artillery. The
other regiments are stilf waiting for
them.
Company B of the Fifth Infantry
went to a point near Los Gatos last
evening, where it bivouacked for the
night. To-day, under command of Cap
tain Holton and Lieutenants Farrell
and Steves, there will be guard duty
and drill in extended orders. In the
afternoon the company will return to
its armory in San Jose. This* is one of
a series of field practice drills in
augurated in the Fifth". This company
has secured ammunition and is now
becoming familiar with" the use of the
Krag-Jorgensen rifle at 200 yards.
NATIONAL GUARD NOTES.
The general says: "In the foregoing
case the record of proceedings shows
many irregularities and omissions,
which lays open both the court and the
Judge advocate to severe censure by the
reviewing authority. The act of allow
ing any one present while the court
was in closed session other than a
member of the court shows an utter
lack of knowledge on the part of the
officers of the court-martial duty, and
Is a serious reflection on the members
of the court Court-martial duty is as
essential as any other military duty,
and all officers should be familiar with
the same, and it is to be regretted that
in the above case the accused should
escape just punishment by reason of
carelessness on the part of the court.
The trial itself and the publication of
the same in orders, while a very mea
ger way of punishing the accused,
should be a sufficient reminder to him
to prevent a repetition of such derelic
tion of duty."
CENSURES COURT.
Some of the members of the National
Guard in the southern part of the State
are unhappy because of a recent order
issued by Brigadier General Wankow
skl disapproving the finding and sen
tence of Captain G. O. Lockwood of the
Seventh Infantry, who was found
guilty of neglect of duty and sentenced
by the court that tried him to be cash
iered. Those concerned in the order re
storing Captain Lockwood to duty, are
Lieutenant Colonel F. L. Reynolds, Ma
jor J. W. A. Off. Major G. E. Lawrence,
Major J. H. Campbell.- Major Truman
Cole, Captain J. E. Sullivan. Captain
W. W. MIdgley, Captain W. D. Collins,
Captain 8. M. Saltmarsh, First Lieu
tenant H. B. Sabine and Captain J. D.
Frederick*.
Commanders Wonder Why
Demands Are Delayed
at Superior Headquarters
• •
L0CKW00D IS KESTORED
Brigadier General Wanowski
Scores Members of Court-
Martial for Irregularity
CAUSTIC WORDS
FOR OFFICERS
THE .SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1904.
39
IDEAS and ENERGY at your
service.
! Bright' joiins women and
men are •»cekiiig-i>osftions in to-
day's Caft — sec classified ads.
WEEK COMMENCING THIS AFTER-
NOON. JUNE ltt.
ABflir Big iff Show
Engagement Extraordinary of
Helen BERTRAM
Prlma Donna Soprano, late of th«
Bestonians.
FOSTER, AND FOSTER
; In "Wanted, a Pianist."
i HOWE AND SCOTT
Hebrew Comedians.
I THE ZARROW TRIO
In Their Whirlwind of Fun, "\ Nljht
on the Boardwalk."
i GRAGEY AND BURNETT
! Presentta* Their Laughable Comedy
! Sketch, "A RoyalJanltor."
j ~~~~~~ 0
I Last Week and Tremendous Succena of
AgQiist,Weston& Company
Europe's Greatest Comedy Juggler*.
Eddie Heron and Company
¦ In Wllmer and Vincent's One-Act
> Farce, "A Friend of the Family."
ROMANI TRIO
i Th« European Musical Sensation.
\ "MIKE"
; Foster's Dog.
I S. F. Fire Department
Shown In Orpheum Motion Pictures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday.
Thursday. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c. 23c and 5Cc.
Last two performances to-day of
XJ. S.
Commencing with TO-MORROW NIGHT, ftrat
time here of
"THE MORMONS"
A Hilariously Funny Burlesque.
SEW FEATTTBES
: : : : PACES
it ri ruif
: : : : PIGUEES
: : : : fahcixs
And tbes« mighty merr j maksrs :
EDNA AUG. FREDA GAL.L.ICK tspeciallr
engaged). GARRITY SISTERS. TORKE *
ADAMS. AL FIELDS. EDWIN CLA11K. B£X
DILLON, ROT ALTON.
A charming chorus of forty.
Last week of Lionel Lawrence's
'•EIGHT RADIUM GIRLS."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Same Popular Price*. •
MATINEE ON JULT 4.
A T /I A T A T% Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR E p ~rpr£
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
CHMRLevii /\ui>j-r
THE RECORD BREAKING COMEDY HIT.
Erg., 23c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 23c to 30o
MONDAY EVENING — ONE WEEK.
Clyde Fitch's Famous Pastoral Comedy.
| OVERS' | AME
Last Week <£ Stock Company Season.
June 27— THE ROMANTIC ACTOR,
WHITE VVHITTLESEY
IN "8OL.DIERS OF FORTUNE.
CENTRALS
Market et., near* Eighth, phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIMB.
The Tremendously Successful Itevlvat.
|the octoroon!
¦TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT "WEEX.
! MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
I Magnificent Spectacular Production of Oorf»
R. Sim's Famous Masterpiece.
LIGHTS O» LONDON
Stupendous Scenic Effects.
TESTIMONIAL BENEFIT WEEK
For the Distinguished Veteran Actor.'
L. R. STOCKWELL.
PDirTC Evenings 10c t» Wa
rftltCj Matlneea lOo. 13e. 25o
VQ Perfcct Fitting rtj"
ft*> Eyeglasses eg
¦j At Moderate Cost K
V 642
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUABAITTXSD OUB32 POX KZ3T.
3KAXX&XZ88 Z3T JXOTXOV. Cures ordinary
cases In a few days. Warranted to car*
worst cases. HO OTJUJ* TMBA.TM3OTB
XZQUn»lH>. Prevents and Cares Stric-
tures. reSTEXTs COITTAQIOIT. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sals »nly
r. S. JCEIJiT'S PXAJUCACT, 102 Eddy,
•i — -r-: ; i *
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 1904
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on August
' SO, 1904, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fall to ' place their order lm« '
mediately.
.This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers aft
the exceptionally low rate of 00
cents per copy. Out of town
orders, 25 cents additional to
cover prepayment of transports-
tlon charges. ? !;.i?
AMUSEMENTS.
ftfll IIHJ9DB A s *« F1MCBM1
UULUIfloI A wm main
Beginning MONT5AT, I IQT U/CCV
SECOND and LAO I IlLLn
Last 6 ICi*ht« — Matlaee Saturday.
rinal Ferformanee In Calltornia.
SOTHERN
• Management Daniel Frohmaa.
In the Miracle Play.
THE PROUD
; RRIINCE
This theater will be closed during the week
of June 27 anfj July .4.
July 11— ETHEL BARBTMOUE In
"COUSIIT IATC."
Opening of the |BB_ ¦ | '
MEW BEA805 ALir*
to Night riODIIl
JUNE 19th i
First production *m%. gm± gja
anywhere at _ [1 H| tTU
POPULAR PRICKS "
Of the American ill
Comic O p e ra |^ tLJ LB
Masterpiece m
With the following SUPERB CAST:
Robin Hood BARON BERTHALD
Sheriff of Nottingham. .WIZARD SIMMS
Little John.;... ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM
Friar Tuck WILLIAM SCHUSTER
Alten-a-Dale. KATE CONDON
Will Scarlet JOHN DUNSMURE
,Guy of Glaborne TEDDY WEBB
Maid Marian .EDITH MASON
'Dame Durden BESSIE TANNEHILL.
Annabel. DORA DE FILLIPPE
Seats Now Selling •
Usual llvoli Prices 7hn K||n /hP
Only Matinee Sat. *»Jb, JUb t I Jl-
CALIFORNIA
fg -1— TO-NIGHT- — - KS
7ABSWELI WEEK O7 THS
OLXVX2B MOKOSOO COMPANY.
• Freaentinir the rnnnietrt Faro*
Evw Written,
A PRINCE OF LIARS [
. LAST BARGAIN MATINEE
THVXSDAT.
I! NOTE. — Following the conclu-
sion of the enracamant of the OU-
ver Morooco Company ti.* Califor-
nia will close for the summer. r«-
n openlnr let the regular season on
R Angnit 7. ' . .'.
NIGHT
: SPECIAL. MATINEE NEXT WEDNESDAY
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
TO-MORROW NIGHT, at 8 Sharp.
DAVID BBLASCO
, ,-, PRESENTS' MRS. ' ,
LKUECARTER
. ¦ , In His New Play.
, DU pARKY ,
PRICES— $3.00. ll.SO. $1.00. 75c and 60c.
PalarA D0NT FAIL TO
raidLC iee the beairtiful
. , " j COURT Lounging
' 21 fill " room, the EMPIRE
•f™, . parlor; the
r i~ 1 A PALM.ROOM. the
Ufaina LOUIS XV PAR-
U ™!T LOR, and the LA-
IT.i -1- DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
AMUSEMENTS.
UNION
COURSING
DARK
r. J. KEZZiZiT. Jnigtt
JAS. r. GSACE SUppex
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, JUNE 19.
MATCH RACE
McVEY vs. BARGE
Best Three In Five Courses
¦^qTamous
/ l coursers
open nlavE stokes
.«6REAT SPORT AND-
"A CHANCK TO SPECUL.ATB EVERT
THREE MINUTKS."
TRAIN SERVICE BOTH TTATS.
¦ leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15
an<l 1 p. m. ; Twenty-fifth and Valencia sts. '
rtve minute* later. Returning at 4:45 p. ra. j
and after the Ust course. San Mateo electric
cars every four minutes during- the day.
INGLESIDE
COURSmGPARK.
64-DogOpen Stake
32 DOG CONSOLATION STAKE
16-PUPPY STAKE
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
. June 18 and 19.
Courslnc; will begin at 11 o'clock sharp and
continue until th« last winning flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All Mlesion-street cars tran«fnr to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
-THOMAS TIERNEY. Ju«!g«.
. EDWARD SHORTSTAG, Slipper.
', ~" :
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon and
. Evening in the Theater.
THE MUSICAL HARTS: FAT SISTERS: LA
MONT'S AUSTRALIAN COCKATOOS;
BRANDOW AND WILET; JONES. - 8TL-
VESTER' AND PRINGLE: HATTTE
WHITE AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Take a Ride on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
• • RAILROADS
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY. .
Admission. 10c; Children. 9c.
When Phoning Ask for, "The Chutes."
SAM FRANCISCO ¦ft?,*
BY AUTOMOBILE, c^^^q,
. - KOBILE CASXZAOS - CO. .'¦•'¦
GOLDEN: GATE AVE. .and GOUGH ST.
• Phone Private Zlxchang* 770.
Downtown office*— Court Palace Hotel; Lobby
St. rrmocU Wel«U- Lobby at OccitfcaUl U«UJ.
, APVESTISElQaJTB. •
Closing Days of
GREAT CLEARANCE SALE
Everything Sacrificed.
TAILOR SUITS.
$1 J.00 SUITS sold now at $4.95
S17J0 SUITS sold now at.... ....$6.45
$20.00 SUITS sold how at ...$7.95
$2J.OO SUITS sold now at $11.45
JACKETS AND LONG COATS.
•$5.00 JACKETS sold now at... :....... $1.95
$650 JACKETS sold now at $2.45
$7. JO JACKETS sold now at. $3.45
$10.00 JACKETS sold now at $4.45
SKIRTS.
$2.00 SKIRTS sold now at 75c
$4.00 SKIRTS sold now at. .....$1.75'
$5.00 SKIRTS sold now at. $2.45
$7.J0 SKIRTS sold now at........ $2.95
Children's Coats to close out now at
75c, 95c, $U5, $1.95.
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
CL!?.a2aSEBI!raiZB3n&aEEIBH9BDBaaBBaBHBBBBBIIBBBaHDB
I Dry Goods 6 Company. |
| Special Reductions ! I
S COLORED AND BLACK DRESS GOODS §
g We have made important reductions in this g
g season's importations, comprising a large collection 5.
g of light-weight fabrics; also the weightier weaves g
¦ for tailor-made garments. 5
° I ' b
| BEMNANTS. |
g A forcing sale of all short lengths from one and J
a a half to six yards will be closed out at g I
g LESS THAN HALF PRICE. g
| SELECTED SPECIAL. |
| FANCY ENGLISH MOHAIR in new styles just g
ni opened; the correct material for shirt waist suits; g
5 limited to twenty pieces, at the great CIO/?
J value of, yard •. 2
S CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, ¦
n Geary ud Stocttoa Streets, Union Squire- Hj
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Good New
$0/1(1
FOR / lJ "
# NOW
BOB , v ONLY
"We have confidence In you and in our planoa,
that Is why we- ask you to try our ln«tru-
ments. We are willing to accept a small In-
terest on the Investment— $2 00 this month.
Kemember this -opportunity clotes with tha
summer season First selection is best choice.
HEINE PIANO COMPANY. 235-237 Geary St.
Oakland, 1252 Broadway. Over 8000
Pianos In use In San Francisco. Arents for
10 different makes from fllS to S075. and
agents for piano players from $125 to f270.
Used bargains from 9^5 up. We hav* an
openlnr tor two high-class salesmen.
¥ CUT RATES
My prices tx» convlnclnr and my
work speaks for Itself. All my patrons
are satisfied and new customers ar*
sendlnr in orders every day.
DEVEIX»PING:
Roll of 6. ...... 10c|KoIl of 12 ISc
PRINTING:
Eolio finish, -8c-Sc|Velox finish, So-Ce.
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS
For all popular sizes of cameras.
Popular prices. Cameras of all kinds
repaired at moderate price*. j
Hall Order* Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the " Stationer.
1008 1XABXET STREET.
Above Powell, ,
San Francisco
X/OIN SERKEYftjIQ
t ENGINE CO.
• The latest perfect
tuaranteed engine on
the market.
Engines kept In
rrpair for on* year at
.. no cost to purchaser
KM and money refunded
TCl in fuU and engine
i'%1 taken back U not
«:iS| satisfactory.
By Sold on Install -
Correspondfnc* ln-
ax»-aai vain st.
Saa rranclsco, Cal.
Schools and Colleges*
LEADING BUSINES53 COLLEGE OP THE
WEST.
Over 24 Post St.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
i Entab. 40 year*. Open entire year.day & night.
j Write for circulars (free). j
VON MEYERINCK IZF^&l^Vf-
RAN FRANCISCO. Established lRn.V
Pre-eminently the largest and best
equipped school on' the Pacific Coast — offer-
ing all the advantages of Eastern and
European consenVtories for a thorough
musical education.^— Prospectun upon ap-
plication. Visitors to the World's Fair. Pt.
Louis, are Invited to examine the exhibit ;
of the school. Educational Building Cali-
fornia School Exhibit.
New Quarters — More Space
PINEB JtOOMS.
Just moved. Into our new room*; new fire-
proof building. 3 elevators, electric lights,
steam heat. Do more for students than - ever
before. This Is the college that secure* so
many positions.
San Francisco Business College,
733 Mission St.. Near Third. * '.¦
MaDzanita III
PALO ALTO, CAL. iff,*p&
ff*Vfifbri\iCV 46 ° »tudents n teUs
Vfl^.i.:^ /»\a the "tory of our i
Ji^vlSl l\g\V f-uccess:new bulld-
™^7^il A X^\^ lng ' ¦ new Ideas, i
lOIIVlVC/ wholesome college
V— • — *¦ life; Catalogue, I
025 Golden Gate ave., S. F.
IRVING INSTITUTE, j
Boarding and day school for young ladlea and I
little girls. 2120 California street. Will reopen
August 1. 1904. Accredited to the universities.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M. Principal.
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy j
SAN RAFAEL, CAL. "
Junior Hchool separate. Fall term begins Aug.
17.. ARTHUR . CROSBY. P.P.. Head Manter.
fjFSWHflWKBESSJO Is tllc most prnotl-
KwjfimffySBiTFT?ff rnl : recommended
¦BBP9n|Q«Bn D ? expert court re-
g3^«WwrarfJwa porters. Send for
IBtoiH&fttaaitffe^ Catalogue. 13S2
*^^^ z Market St., S. F.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IRVINGTON, CALIFORNIA.
i Holds pre-eminently the confldenc* of lta Da-
trons and the loyalty of Its pupils. - -
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
¦ t«kim_iA 8cheo1 tor »»y«: 14th year
Mill I A stronger . faculty tlian »ver;
IIUII IV perfect ¦ sanitation: illus-
1 . trated catalorue. ¦ 'W. J
MEREDITH,, Vice Principal. Menlo Pane. Cal.
Hitchcock Military Academy
- SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
- WILL REOPEN on August 16.
. ¦ . Appty to the Principal.
COLLEGE 07 NOTBE DAWS.
SAN JOSE, CAL. Exclusively for boarding
students. Fifty-third year. Courses: Classical,
Literary. Scientific,' Conservatory. College
preparatory accredited. ' Intermediate and ' Pri-
mary Classes. . Studies resumed Tuesday. Aug-
ust 2. 1904. ,
OAZ.O ALTO ACADBKT, one mile from
* Stanford University — Boys and young men
prrparcd for-' Stanford, Berkeley or * Eastern
colleges. Exceptional ' Advantages . In Modern
Languages and Higher Mathematics. .Fall term
begins August' 22. ¦ For ' catalogue ! address
UAYNARD SHIPLEY, Palo Alto, CaC
ADVERTISEMENTS.
An Opportunity to Join
a Special Excursion
to the Atlantic
Cp«krV%«»fwf
July 7, 1904
A Special Train Roinjf via Chicago
and Niagara Falls through to Atlan-
tic City. Now Jersey, stopping at
Truckee. including fide trip to Lake
Taho» and return, also stop at Niag-
ara Falls. America's Greatest Scenic
Attraction. Tickets returning good
via St. L«ouis World's Fair, good for
ninety days. Entire train, consisting
of Sleeping Cars. Dining Car and
Composite Smoking Car. through to
destination. This Kxcursion Is organ-
ized by a party who Intend making
the trip an enjoyable one. taking with
them products of California. This
will lx* the greatest Eastern Excur-
sion of the year.
For rates and further information,
apply to
CARLTON C. CRANE.
Pacific Coast Agent
New York Central "Lines.
637 Market Street,
San Francisco? CaL
Weak Men aDd Women
SHOULD USE LiAMIANA BITTERS, THE
Ure*t Mexican liemedy; give* health and
•trecctb to sexual organs. .Depot, 223 li*sk*UThe new structure will occupy a
space 100x100 feet, be four stories in
height and have thirty-seven rooms
above the ground, floor. All the rooms 1
will be lighted by electricity and heated
by steam. • •
OAKLAND. June 18.— Contracts have
been let for the structural ironwork oh
the new King building, at Twelfth and
Harrison streets, which is to be the
home of the Polytechnic Business Col
lege. The building will cost more than
$100,000. Its materials are to be iron,
stone and pressed brick. ¦.¦'••¦
Man Judges bv our j hits, God by our
aims. • ':/'
SAN JOSE, June j 18.— Company B,
Fifth Regiment N. Q. C- of thl* city
is, camping to-night at Shore Grove,
Los Gatos, and will spend to-morrow
in field, and skirmish drills.. The
camp will be conducted under < strict
military rule. . ~
Militiamen Go Into Camp.
Henderson Out on Ball.
ALAMEDA, June . 18.'— William
Henderson, arrested on the complaint
of Miss Clara Manning and charged
v It h a serious offense, - was released
to-day on $2000 baiL . His arraign
ment has been set for Monday morn
ing.
Funeral of George L. Nusbaumer.
OAKLAND, June 18.— The funeral
of George L. Nusbaumer, , former
Surveyor of Alameda County, who
died yesterday at his home, in Los
Alisof, Sunol, "will be held to-mor
row at 2:80 p. m. from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. Welles Whitmore,
1215 Jefferson street
Struck by Electric Train and Killed.
SAN RAFAEL, June 18. — John
O'Brien was killed by a North Shore
electric train this morning while haul
ing brick from the schooner Helene
Blum to a warehouse. The train
leaving San Rafael at 7:45 struck him
as he was crossing the track, killing
him instantly. O'Brien, who was un
married, resided in San Francisco.
OAKLAND, June 18.— The first
bn sr ball game of the series for the
lodge championship of Alameda Coun
ty will be played at Idora Park to
morrow morning between the teams
of Oakland Lodge of the Elks and
Oakland Aerie of the Eagles. The
second game of the series will be
¦played between the eame teams July
4 and the third and last July 24.
Elks aad Eagles Will Play.
OAKLAND,' June 18.— Alice; Mul
dooney, an insane girl, was commit
ted to Stockton to-day by Judge Og
den. She has refused to eat food for
the last five weeks and has to be kept
alive artificially. She was so weak
that she had to be brought into court
on a stretcher. • »
Would Starve to Death.
SAN JOSE, June 18. — An active
anti-saloon campaign is to be inaugu
rated by the Prohibition workers of
this city. To-morrow has been set
apart as a field day by the pastors of
the churches and anti-saloon ad
dresses will be delivered both morning
and evening. In the afternoon a local
anti-saloon league Is to be organized
at the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion. District Superintendent I* M.
Hartley of Oakland is here In the in
terest of the league.
Campaign Against the Saloons.
BERKELEY, June 18. — Memorial
services in honor of their dead will be
held to-morrow by the members of
Berkeley Lodge No. 2T0. I. O. O. F.,
and the Berkeley Rebekah Lodge. The
services 'will be held in Odd- Fellows'
Hall, when the following programme
will be carried out: Organ 'solo, J.
V. Enquist; prayer, the Rev. B. D.
Naylor; song, Lillle quartet; solo, Miss
Josephine Smith; memorial address,
Redmond C. Staats; solo, Miss Jose
phine Smith; address, the Rev. Mr.
Naylor; song, LilHe quartet; benedic
tion, the Rev. Mr. Naylor.
Odd Fellows to Honor Dead.
OAKLAND. June 18. — III health of
the defendant caused Police Judge
George Samuels to suspend sentence
to-day on L. M. Fickes, who was
.found guilty recently of failing to send
his minor child to school as the new
law requires... ';'_ ;-._•: ;t
! His Honor said that he had taken
into consideration the fact that Fickes
had a large family to support and be
' cause of sickness was forced to keep
his child at home. Judge Samuels im
pressed upon the defendant the im
portance of having his offspring ed
ucated and ordered him to report in
ninety days whether his child Is at
tending school or not.
Jud^e Suspends Sentence
Special Train of Thirty-One Cars Re
quired to Carry Second Con
signment of Wire,
NEW YORK, June 18. — A second
consignment of the deep-sea cable now
being laid by the Government between
Valdez and Nome has just been
shipped on, a special train of thirty
one cars from Jersey City. The ship
ment is part of an order for, 1300 miles
of cable.
PART OF VALDEZ-NOME
CABLE EN ROUTE TO ALASKA
. OAKLAND, June 18.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day:. Conrad C. Uzeta,
over 21 years old, and Juanita Cesena,
over 18. both of Alameda; Diedrich
Meyer, 28, and Alma H. E. Schuchardt,
21. both of Oakland; John Thomson, 48.
,ajy3 Nancy J. Hildebrand, 40. both of
Oakland; Irving Toffelmier, 32, Elm
hurst, and Annie B. Baumberger, 24,
San Leandro; Carl J. Linn, 26. San
Francisco, and Abogale Potter, 22,
Chamberlno, N. M.; Andrew B. Simon-
Kon, 23. and Mary V. McGrueder, 23,
both of San Francisco; John Duffy, 34,
San Francisco, and Jennie M. Laca
zette. 28, Fruitvale; Philip Becker, over
21, San Francisco, and Frieda Meineke,
over 18, Berkeley; Wilhelm C. J. Fin-
Jey, over 21, Oakland, and Daisy M.
Church, over 18, San Jose; Theodore S.
Van Tassell. 40. and Catherine O'Con
nor, 23,. both of San Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
SIOUX CITY. Iowa, June 18. — Ellen
Beach Yaw, the singer, who came to
Mason City to sing in a concert, dis
covered on her arrival that her jewel
case was gone, with diamonds, neck
laces, rings and gifts worth $60,000
missing. She came direct from Cali
fornia. There was a wreck at Calbay,
N. D., and it is believed her trunk was
broken open there.
Singer Misses Case Containing Bril
liants Worth $60,000 and Believes
It Was Stolen in Wreck.
ELLEN BEACH YAW
LOSES FORTUNE IN JEWELS
OAKLAND, June 18. — W. "W. Fogg,
principal of the Oroville High School,
with his wife and mother were thrown
from a buggy at Eighth and Adeline
streets this morning. Fogg sustained
a serious cut under the left eye. The
ladies escaped without injury.
Injured in Runaway.
Professor Edward Ci Armstrong,
who will give instruction in French at
the summer session, filling the vacancy
caused by the death of Professor Spi
nello, will include in his course a re
view of the origin, . development and
decline of French epic poetry. Be
sides, there will be readings from
Chanson de Roland, special attention
to be given to the differences in in
flection, syntax and vocabulary be
tween old and modern French. Pro
fessor Armstrong is a member of the
faculty at Johns Hopkins University.
Professor W. A. Merrill of the Latin
department, while in the East, whence
he has just returned, completed ar
rangements for the publication of his
edition of "Lucretia,". together with a
volume of Latin hymns, upon which
he has spent several years.
Benjamin Putnam Kurtz, instructor
in English, is spending the summer in
Southern Colorado, making ethnologi
cal studies in connection with the re
mains of historic Indian tribes. His
work will be prosecuted chiefly on the
Mesa Verde.
BERKELEY, June 18. — Thirty
alumni of the university engaged in
mining or other work in South Africa
have formed a South African branch
of the Alumni Association. The ob
jects of the organization are to obtain
advantages of closer association and
to keep in touch with the activities
of the university. The members pro
pose to contribute to the Alumni Hall
fund and to pay dues annually to the
Alumni Association. Among the mem
bers are P. M.Newhall, Lloyd Wom
ble, William Meln, Jack Craig, Alfred
Williams. John Hoffman. Carl Hoff
man, E. C. Denlcke, G. A. Selby and
F. A. Clement.
Oakland Summer Stock Company Will
Present the Farce, "Jly Friend
Fron India."
OAKLAND, June 18.— The Liberty
stock company will present the popu
lar comedy, "My Friend From India,"
next week at tl*.j Liberty Theater as
the third offering of the summer
season.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
POPULAR COMEDY AT
THE LIBERTY NEXT WEEK
The local Carpet Mechanics' Union
ha selected the following officers,. who
will be installed at the next meeting
of the union: President, Seward
Young: vice president. W. T. Turner;
financial secretary and treasurer,
R. S. Tambling: recording secretary,
Charles O'Neill; sergeant-at-arms,
Olof Oblige: trustee, M. Schellhaas.
Union Labor News.
OAKLAND. June IS. — The boycott
of the Cooks' and Waiters' Union
against the Sparta oyster house, which
Iras been in operation for the past
week, has been temporarily suspended.
The proprietor claims that all the men
employed in the place are co-partners
in the business and therefore do not
need union cards.
Division 192 of the Carmen's Union
bus elected the following officers for
the ensuing term: President, W. H.
Ellison; vice president, C. E. Ballard;
recording secretary, J. F. Anderson;
financial secretary, James Wood;
treasurer, E. C. Straub; trustee, E.
Fitzsimmons.; conductor, D. Donohue;
warden. C. L. Critchlow; sentinel, G.
Metzell; delegates to Miscellaneous
Trades Council. E. C. Straub, W. J.
Hooper, H. HcAtee, N. Sutton and E.
McIIale.
BERKELEY, June 18.— Out of a se
ries of conferences between a commit
tee representing the North Berkeley
Improvement Club and James Potter,
assistant general superintendent of the
Oakland Transit, Company, have come
a number of promises from the com
pany to extend its service In several
directions. "While not giving positive
assurance, the company is very likely
to extend its Telegraph avenue main
line service into North -Berkeley via
Oxford street over the tracks of the
present branch line. This is very much
desired by the North Berkeley people.
Superintendent Potter is authority for
the statement that the company will
soon turn the whole of the Grove street
line into a broad gauge system and run
through to Rose street, - in North
Berkeley. This will do away with the
transfer point at Lorin.
Oakland Transit Company May Run
Its Telegraph Avenue Cars Into
North Berkeley.
STREETCAR COMPANY
TO EXTEND SERVICE
A decree of divorce was granted Eliza
A. Weber, from Henry L. "Weber to-day
on the ground of desertion. The woman
v.as awarded the custody of their child
and SoO a month alimony.
Johanna S, Droste was granted a di
vorce from Henrv B. Droste on the
pxound of extreme cruelty.
Suits for divorce were begun to-day
by Clara K. Graham against Joseph A.
<?raham for cruelty, and Samantha E.
Dusenbury against Frank E. Dusen
1-ury for habitual intemperance.
OAKLAND. June 18.— Clara Frontier
teas granted a divorce to-day from Al
fred Frontier on the ground of cruelty.
They quarreled over her behavior with
other men and for a time he left their
home- Mrs. Frontier was awarded the
custody of their child and $15 a month
alimony.
Couples Are lrecd and Others Crowd
the Courts With Their Stories.
of Trouble.
WOULD TERMINATE
UNHAPPY MARRIAGES
The preliminary work has been
done except to plat out some of the
proposed parks. This is now in the
hands of City Engineer Turner. ,
All this was changed to-night and
the moment the preliminary work Is
completed the bonds will be voted
upon. This will probably be early in
August.
The City Council has decided to
submit the bond question to the voters
of Oakland without waiting for the
vacation time to end. At an informal
conference of the members of the mu
nicipal legislature to-night it . was
agreed that as soon as the City En
gineer could complete some work now
on hand the bonds would be submit
ted. It has been the general opinion
of the Councilmen" that it would not
be advisable to submit, the .bond ques
tion to a vote until the summer trav
elers had all returned from their va
cations and up to to-night there has
been a general understanding that the
bonds would not go before the voters
until some time in the fall, probably
not until the general election. '
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 18. .
While Qu:rk had general supervision
of the business he did not have access
to the interior money drawer of the
safe, the key to which was kept by
the bookkeeper. On Memorial day
Quirk is said to have robbed the safe
by breaking: open the money drawer
urd taking .thp $30 it contained. The
matter was reported to the head office
and a quiet investigation begun which
resulted in disclosing the fact that
Quirk had also collected bills amount
ing to nearly 5409. In the meantime
he is believed to have left the State.
His wife, who remains in this city, says
g!se dees not knov/ his whereabouts.
Charged with robbing his employers
of J3S9, John F. Quirk, manager of the
s=an Francisco Union Paper and Pulp
Company's branch office here, fled from
the State. He was accused of embez
zlement to-day by George Spencer, the
company's San Francisco manager, and
a warrant was sworn out for his arrest.
Ofikland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. June 18.
3Ianaffer George Spencer
Accuses Him of Being
$389 Short in Accounts
Question Will Be Submitted
to People as Soon as Pre
liminaries Are Arranged
LEAVES WIFE BEHIND
WAITING FOR ENGINEER
Oakland Council to Call
for a Vote on Improve
ments Early in August
Wanted by Paper Company
for Embezzlement, He Es
capes From the State
WILL SOON HOLD
BOND ELECTION
POLICE LOOKING
FOR J. F. QUIRK
No man enjoys a surprise party after
passing his twelfth birthday.
BERKELEY, June 18. — Miss Dove
Freely and Mrs. Emily Welch enter
tained a number, of .their, friends at
their home, 1812 Prince street, Thurs
day evening. The game of "telegram"
was played, the prizes going to H. B.
Phillips, Mrs. Funk, Mrs. John Ginno,
Harley Wiley and Austin Lewis. The
guests were: Miss Berka, Mrs. John
Armstrong. ' Mr. and Mrs. Howard
Bachelder, Mrs. Funk, Mr., and" Mrs.
Leo Hampton. Dr. and Mrs. John
Ginno, Mr. and Mrs. Stacy Gibbs, Miss
Glbbs of New Jersey, Professor Jaffa,
Mr. .and Mrs.' Harry' Jaffa, Mr. and
Mrs. Austin Lewis, Mrs. Hermann
Partsch, Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Phillips,
Harley Wiley.
* • •
flcient young manager of Harry
Bishop's country estate, "Geranium
Place," surprised his friends by bring
ing home a bride a few days ago.
Owing to a recent bereavement in bis
wife's family the wedding was a very
quiet one. The bride, formerly Miss
Mae Louise Smith, is a daughter of
Mrs. A. E. Smith) of San Francisco and
a Bister of the late well-known
theatrical man, James Scott Smith,
who was. for years assistant treasurer
of the Grand Opera-house in San
Francisco. .
PARIS, 111., June 18.— Daniel G.
Burr, aged 84 years, a survivor of
Company H, Fourth Regiment, re
cruited at Paris, 111., June 4, 1346, for
the war with Mexico, was the only
member of the company to respond to
a call for a reunion here. He issued
the call himself. As he has done an
nually for forty years, he called the
roll of his company from the original
roll he had written with a quill pen.
and of which he had custody as order
ly, sergeant of the company.
Survivor of Struggle of 1846 Appear*
Alone at Reunion Planned by
Himself.
ONLY ONE MEXICAN AVAR
VETERAN ANSWERS CALL
OAKLAND, June 18. — Henry de
Roy, who was arrested on a charge of
disturbing the peace while acting as a
picket of the Cooks' and Waiters'
Union during the recent boycott on
the Sparta oyster house, pleaded
guilty this n/ornlng in Department 2
or the Police Court and was sentenced
to pay a fine of $20 with the usual
alternative of ten days in -Jail.
Union Picket Must Pay Fine.
HOW MIKADO'S SUBJECTS
USE ENGLISH LANGUAGE
Notes From Japan in Jap English
Taken From Foreign Columns of
Toklo Paper.
Publication. Many kinds of the map
of the East included Manchuria, Korea.
Japan and the western side of the Yel
low Sea, have been published sudden
ly, and people buy any one of them
viewing with other, ana consequently
the printers are working all the day
and night to supply them to them. And
many magazines, novles and essays on
the war have been published, and they
are read bv the nation which like to
battle. How is it in Russia?
Toyojiro Takamatsu. — He has report
ed "that I showed my vitascapes ITS
times at thirty-one county towns* and
had 105,002 lookers on and paid the
taxes, yen 47.62." Some years ago when
he was laboring a large cotton mill at
Toklo he was cut off his upper limb
by the mill and consequently he de
clined the mill and entered a law
school to study it.
The cruelties of war.— Each Arch-
Blshopa of the Hongwanjl (Buddhist)
is mostly animate soldiers to battle
bravely, that Is. to kill their brethren
barbarously In spite of they should
pray Buddha to have peace policy.
They arc unrefined ones. What shall
we do to refine them?
Haribe. Ensign, Professor of a Mili
tary Academy, Pekin, China, commit
ted suicide filling chagrin at that he
could not proceed with the army.W
Ikumura divorced his one llged^poor
wife to respond to a call for military
labor in the battlefield. When he saw
her after some days, he cut her bright
black long hair, saying that do not
marry another.
Yozo Mori, territorial soldier, who
was in Sendal. rejoiced to have been
called together, and closed his house.
While he is going to Nagoya with his
two kinsmen he has suddenly become
a war insurance and he left the metro
police to go back his birth place. being
attended them.
Cheap restaurants near military
camps are full of people which are
soldiers and its seers and the houses
call them at night.
The Minister for Education has in
structed to all the teachers of various
schools to teach them in calm until
the war shall be pacified.
Officers of some departments of our
Government have been ordered to de
poslte somewhat of their sowing to
any postofnee why?
A big lecture meeting was held at
Tokio Christian Young Men Associa
tion Hall at 7 p. m. The 17 ult. seven
speakers did and above five hundred
audiences came to hear. The police of
erudition called down two of those for
perhaps he misunderstood them.
Both Japanese and foreigners are
presenting money in succession to our
Government to defray the war expen
ses. It will be a large sum. — New York
Sun.
Facts About Manchuria.
Manchuria corresponds in attitude to
Manitoba, North Dakota, South Da
kota. Minnesota and Nehraska. It3
area of 362,310 square miles is only
10,000 square miles less than the com
bined area of these great grain States.
It is two and a half times greater than
California, and Is as big as Texas.
Alabama and Louisiana combined. In
the northern part of the province are
thousands of square miles of rich wheat
land entirely untouched. Manchuria
has a possible wheat area as great as
that of the United States.— National
Geographical Magazine.
yawning at lectures.
You can never tell how many darkles
OAKLAND. June 18. — The prelim
inary examination of Willard O.
Stewart for the shooting of W. S.
Kennedy at the Briggs ranch near
Newark was held at Centervllle to
day and resulted in the holding of
Stewart to answer before the Super
ior Court on a charge of assault with
a deadly weapon. He was placed un
der 52000 bonds, which he has not
been able to obtain.
Stewart Held to Answer.
In another safe, where valuable
stones were ruined and ¦ Qpid jewelry
melted "in lumps, a white*silk hand
kerchiefwas found whole and not In
the least discolored. Theories have
proved valueless in trying to explain
the freaks . of fortune, for when one
circumstance had apparently been
cleared up anotherwas revealed to in
validate the former guess. Just how
Peggy, the • office cat of the United
Elertric Railway Company, came out
of the gutted wreck of the big Conti
nental Trust building -with only a
slight singeing will never be explained.
One is at liberty to take his choice be
tween attributing the escape to Provi
dence, to a- fortunate hiding place, or
—doubting that Peggy was in the
building. In Baltimore, however, it
amounts to treason to doubt a fire
story. — New Terk Post.
"Several safes which were opened
before they had cooled exploded the
moment air reached the Interior and
set everything within on fire.
"L. C. Matthews of an insurance
firm remembered during the fire that
in the firm's safe, along with valuable
papers, were several boxes of parlor
matches. He made desperate efforts
to reach 4he . strongbox, but failed.
When the safe was opened not a
match had been ignited by the tre
mendous heat, and everything was in
tact."
"Except for less than a score of
pieces, the watches, rings and orna
ments had all melted and run together
in one big lump on the' floor of the
safe. The inside of the heavy doors
was *npt even scorched, and yet every
woodtn drawer in the safe was In
ashes.
"A big safe belonging to the largest
firm of pawnbrokers in Baltimore ap
peared Intact when brought out of the
ruins. It contained 324 gold and sil
ver watches, 200 diamond and other
rings and a lot of miscellaneous gold
and silver ornaments.
As the work of reviving the burned
district of Baltimore goes on curious
little stories crop up showing the ap
parent inconsistency of the flames and
the Btrange'freaks of the wind. It was
a short time after the fire that a farm
er brought to the city 160 pounds of
leaf tobacco. He explained to the pur
chaser of the leaf that he had gath
ered It from his land, seven miles
away, and that he supposed it to be
from a bjg warehouse that burned.
The owner of an oyster pungy that lay
at a dock when the nre began. had the
craft towed into the middle of the
stream when the blaze threatened.
Seven miles down the river the cap
tain found in the stern a bit of black
ened paper, and he was about to brush
it overboard when he noticed its tex
ture. A close examination showed it
to be a charred J100 bill, which he
carefully preserved in a pocketbook.
At the sub-treasury the burnt bill was
redeemed. At Bear Creek, Maryland,
thirty miles from Baltimore, a
scorched postal card with the super
scription-of the Third National Bank
was found.
As showing the action of the heat
on the Iron and steel safes In the vari
ous offices, . these examples, quoted
from the correspondence of the Bos
ton Advertiser, are of interest:
"Felix Sullivan was, overjoyed to see
his big strongbox come up out of the
ruins apparently unhurt, save for the
paint. The combination lock yielded
to his manipulation as easily as ever.
When he swung the dook back, how
ever, he found every scrap of paper
within it reduced to ashes. Even the
bit of Brussels carpet on the floor of
the safe was but charred- wool.
Freaky Performances of Wind and
Flame at the Great Balti
more Fire.
STRANGE TIHNGS SEEN
. . . IN TRACK OF FIRE
OAKLAND, June 18.— The Fraternal
Brotherhood has refused to pay a $2000
policy on the life of Jans M. Schack
of Livermore, on the ground that de
ceased committed suicide. In an answer
to a" suit brought against the Supreme
Lodge of the order by Harry M. Schack,
son of deceased, a section of the consti
tution is quoted absolving the lodge
from responsibility when a member
takes his own life within five years
after becoming a member. The point
will be pressed as to whether such a
clause is legal.
Rrpudiatc Suicide's Policy.
John Frederick La Velle, the ef-
The very words "pupils' recital" are
commonly sufficient to scare away the
most ardent lover of music, but some
how Mr. Stewart and Mr. Metcalf
seem to have solved the problem of
placing their pupils before the public
and having that same dear public
really enjoy it. By giving a series of
recitals — one every week during this
month — what is usually a long-drawn
out, tiresome affair has been'dlvided
Into quite enjoyable little musicales.
Last night Kohler & Chase Hall was
crowded, a fact at once pleasing and
appalling to the inexperienced mu
sicians .who had to play. Most of
those on the programme were very
evidently nervous. Nevertheless they
acquitted" themselves handsomely.
The programme was as follows:
Sonata opus 137,- No. 3, for piano
and violin (Schubert), allegro andante,
menuetto, allegro moderate, Miss Flor
ence Crandell and Charles H. Blank:
piano "Kamennoi Ostrow" (Rubin
stein), Miss Abbie Sanborn; vocal,
"Out , in the Open Meadow" (H. J.
Stewart), Miss Leona Shaw, , Miss
Aimie Davies accompanist; violin
(Wienlawskt), "Souvenir de Posen,"
Charles H. Blank; j piano, "Spinning
Song" (Wagner-Liszt), Miss AnnaMoir;
violin — (a) "Meditation" (George A.
Mletze), (b) "Mazurka" (Welniaw
ski), Miss Winnie Bruce, Miss Edna
Ford accompanist; vocal; "Song of
Love" (Beach), Miss Leona Shaw;
piano — (a) prelude G major, . (b)
Polonaise C minor, op 40 (Chopin),
Mrs. Pauline Powell-Burns.
Next Friday evening the closing re
cital will be given. The pupils. will be
assisted by Mrs. Robert Hughes,
pianist, and Mrs. A. E. Nash,' con
tralto. ¦¦.":-;.•:; : -;•¦;>¦ :¦.:> • . ¦
Many who have • been East are
hurrying to Oakland, glad to get back,
on account of the Insupportable heat
beyond the Rockies. Among those
who have recently been welcomed
home are Senator Perkins and Miss
Pansy Perkins. Travel has done much
for Miss Perkins. The schoolgirl who
went away has returned a charming
and attractive young woman. General
and Mrs. Oscar Long are coming to
Oakland for their summer and are
expected here Monday. "Highlands"
Is all agog over the promised home
coming, i
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf and
Mrs. Metcalf are enjoying a visit
home. . .
OAKLAND, June 18. — Oaklanders
are distributing themselves very im
partially among the various resorts,
mountain, valley, or seaside, seeking
any place where the "good old sum
mer.time" may be most agreeably
spent/ But home has its attractions,
too. Never have so many people re
mained in town, making little Satur
day to Monday trips that are really
more satisfactory than a month's so
journ in some fashionable resort,
where one has to dress three or four
times a day and sleep on a hard bed
at night. Those who have their own
country homes are to be envied, for
not only they, but their friends, may
enjoy rusticating comfortably.
Foremost among these fortunate
ones are the Chabots. who entertain
the Jolliest house parties every year at
Villaremi. The E. A. Herons' country
home at Ben Lomond is reallv a
mansion. Near by Dr. and Mrs. Harry
P. Carlton keep open house In a cozy
little bungalow. Mrs. Sumner Bugbee
is spending the summer in her cot
tage at Santa Monica, and Mrs. Sam
Breck is there, also, as her guest. The
H. A. Butters usually entertain large
house parties at "Constantia," their
summer home, but this year they have
rented a cottage at Santa Barbara
and will remain in the south for two
months.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
AWAY FROM HOME
SAX JOSE. June 18. — The Man
ganese Mines Company was incorpo
rated here to-day with a capital stock
of*$100,000, divided into 10,000 shares.
San Francisco is given as the princi
pal place, of business. James J. Cum
mings, Annie Cummings, Albert C.
James, George H. Cavanaugh and
George S. Wright, San Francisco and
Alameda residents, are the directors
of the company. The company pur
poses to 'work some valuable .manga
nese claims In the Red Mountain dis
trict, east of Mount Hamilton. Fil
ing of the claims was recently made in
the Recorder's office here.
Mining Company Incorporates.
PROPOSED BUILDINCI IN WHICH
WILL RE T,OeATED THE POLY
TECHNIC BUSINESS COLLEGE.
SAX JOSE, June 18. — The county
school census Just completed by Coun
ty Superintendent Bateman shows the
number of- school children in the
county between 5 and 17 years of age
to be 15.635. 163 less than last year.
The number of children in San Jose
is 6345, a decrease of 437 compared
with last year. The decrease in this
city is notable because of the fast
growth of San Jose and also because
there is not an empty house in the
city.
Census Just Completed in Santa Clara
County Shows a Remarkable
Decrease in San Jose.
FALLING OFF IN NUMBER
OF CHILDREN AT SCHOOL
OAKLAND, June 18.— Court vacation
begins here with the close of this week.
Judge Henry A. Melvin leaves this
evening for the World's Fair and the
East. Judge S. P. Hall will take his
family to Felton, while Judge John
Ellsworth will spend some time at Cos
tella. near Mount Shasta. Judges W.
E. Greene and B. F. Ogden will take
care of the pressing work In the ab
sence of the others, and will take their
turn later on. County Clerk John P.
Cook, taking advantage of the closing
of the courts, Is off to-day for an out-
Ing In the Yogemlte "Valley.
Judges Take Vacation.
Slayer of Deputy Sheriff Ttbbet Is
Declared to Be Guilty of Murder
In Second Degree.
BAKERSFIELD, June 18.— After
being out twenty-two hours the jury
in the case of Alfred W. Hulse.
charged with the murder of Deputy
William E. Tibbet, returned a verdict
of guilty of murder in the second de
gree.
JURY IN THE HULSE CASE
FINDS COMPROMISE SENTENCE
Pasquier Dies From Injuries Received
by Bursting or Tire on Rapidly
Moving Automobile.
PARIS, June 18.— The ilarqul3
d'Audlfferet Pasquier, son of the Duke
d'Audifferet Pasquier, died to-day at
Brezolles, Department of Eure-et-Loire,
as the result of a motor car accident.
He was 43 years of age. While run
ning at the rate of fifty-six miles an
hour a tire of his car burst and the
vehicle was overturned. The Marquis
was hurled into the air and sustained
Internal Injuries.
DEATH OF 3IARQUIS DUE
TO MOTOR CAR ACCIDENT
Tietz had nothing to say to-day
when sentence was passed upon him.
but was' partially prepared for the
severity of the sentence by the fact
that his having been convicted of a
felony before made the minimum pun
ishment that the court could give ten
years.
Frank Tietz. a convicted chicken
thief, was sentenced to twelve years
in Folsom prison to-day by Judge S.
P. Hall. The severity of the sentence
was due to the fact that he had been
convicted before and Judge Hall in
sentencing him stated that from his
conduct it was evident he had no
thought of reforming.
"Tietz was convicted of burglary in
the first degree. He was caught only
after months of wholesale robbing of
henroosts and the entire district about
Fruitvale had suffered from his depre
dations. His mistake was made in
being unable to distinguish in the dark
between finely bred Brahmas and the
ordinary barnyard fowl. He stole thir
teen prize fowls from John Russell and
sold them to a poultry dealer for $4.
Russell, in search of his birds, recog
nized them. He got an excellent de
scription of the thief, whom the de
tectives soon had in custody.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 18.
Police Judge George Samuels de
cided to-day that the $1300 50 taken
from the home of Jose Ferro, 357 A
street, on a eearch warrant secured by
David F. Selby on the suspicion that it
had been stolen from him by Ferro,
should be returned to the latter. His
Honor was unable to determine
whether the coin found in Ferro s
home was the same as that lost by
Selby.
Selby, while on a trip from San
Francisco to this city on June 1. be
came separated i either on the ferry
boat or train from a grip in which 'he
was carrylng~*l«00. Several clews led
him to believe that Ferro and John
Lee, a deckhand on the steamer Pied
mont, were responsible for the disap
pearance of the grip and cash. . Search
warrant proceedings were instituted
and $1300 50 was discovered in Ferro's
house, which he asserted was pension
money that he was keeping for two
children. In giving his decision to-day
Judge Samuels said:
"I am sa ti«n«d from the. evidence
that Selby lost what he affirms he did.
I am also of the opinion that some
person is guilty of grand larceny or
embezzlement but cannot say who.
The property found in Ferro's posses
sion has not been proved to be Selby's.
and it is my duty to order the cash re
turned to Ferro."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 18.
David Selby Loses Action
to Gain Possession of
Cash He Said He. Owned
Maize Yield In Danger and Synod Or
ders Prayers for Rain Said
Throughout Country.
BUCHAREST. Roumanla, June 15.
Two-thirds of the wheat and rye crops
has already been lost owing to the pro
longed drouth and the maize crop is
in great danger.
The Synod has ordered that prayers
be said for rain and that holy Ikor.a
be carried In procession on Sunday
throughout the country.
T»he Minister of Domains has or
dered that leaves be gathered in the
forests for use as winter fodder for
cattle.
DROUTH RUINS ROUMANIAN
WHEAT AND RYE CROPS
THOUGHT TO BE STOLEN
IS AN OLD OFFENDER
Guilty of' Wholesale Depre
dations on the Barnyards
of the Fruitvale District
Frank Tietz, a Robber of
Henroosts, Is Sentenced to
Twelve Years at Folsom
Money Taken From a House
oiira Search Warrant .Is
Given Back to Jose Ferro
THIEF GIVEN
A LONG TERM
COURT ORDERS
COIN RETURNED
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19,, 1004.
New King Building in -Oakland Will Provide Quar
ters the "Institutions to Care, -for a
Thousand Busy Students— Contracts Are Let
POLYTECHNIC BUSINESS COLLEGE
IS TO BE HANDSOMELY HOUSED
-The site of the new building Is In the
Dietz Opera-house block! The property
was recently purchased by C. H. King,
the East • Oakland capitalist, who
bought It from the Dletz estate.
The ground floor of the new structure
will be devoted to stores. The three
floors above will be occupied by the
Polytechnic Business College. When
housed In the new building the college
will have accommodations for . more
than 1000 students - and will be the
largest institution of Its kind west of
Chicago. . "
40
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
101 A Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
J148 Center Street.
Telephone North It.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street. '
Telephone Alameda 559.TO SAIL.
California StockandOilExchange
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Apollo .... 46
Associated Trust Certificates. .18 20
Aztec • • . 61
Caribou ••••• 3 25 3 60
Chicago Crude 20
Claremont ,70
Four •••• • 70
Fulton « 2 50
'Giant 15
Hanford 180 00 185 00
Home 150
Imperial ••• 18 00
Independence •• 2ft > 27 ¦
Kern 4 75 ....
Kern River 10 00
Monarch (of Arizona) .... 36
Occidental of W'Va 05 '....
Oil City Petroleum 57 50
Peerless ••• 13 50
Reed Crude 150 j ....
Sovereign 38 \ ....
Sterling .... 2 65
Superior • :. . 04 .... '
Thirty-three ;..".... .8 25
Twenty-eight 8 50 . .... •
Tlme Baa
Branch Rydrographic Office. V. 8. K., Mer-
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Forty-Seven.
ARRIVED.
Saturdar, June 18.
Stmr Ean Jose, Brown, 24 days from Panama,
via Mazatlan 6 days 15 hours. '
Stmr Greenwood. Walvlg, 16 hourt from
Mendoclno.
Stmr F. A. Kllburn, Jahnsen, 7 hour* from
Port Rxcers. . ¦
Stmr Wbltesboro. Olsen, 15 hours from
Greenwood, up river direct.
Stmr George W. Elder, Randall. CO hour*
from Portland, via Astoria 45 hours.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, IS hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Coo* Bay, Johnson. 62 hours from Ean
Pedro and way ports.
Shipping Intelligence.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
tbe city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, JUNE 19.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun sets 7:34
Moon sets 11:55 p. m.
O jTlmel Time iTime ITime
• f j Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. I Ft.
« |H W| L W |H W |L W
19 J 3:17 4.6 9:42 0.41 4:471 6.4 10:40 2.3
20 I 4:37 4 110:40 1.0 8:.*» 5.5 11:54 1.8
21)6:57 4.011:40 1.6 6:25 6.6
|L W H W |L W H W
22 10:58 1.3 7:20 4.0|12:3fi 2.0 7:14 6 6
23 I 1:68 0.6 R:35 4.01 1:32 2.3 8:03 6.9
24 j 2:54 0.0 0:40 4.2| 2:22 2.6 8:49 6.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
tbe early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The height* given are In
addition to tbe soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then tbe number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. Tbe plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. i
Associated Bonds TOW
Wabash .... 31 "
Miscellaneous — . .
Cal Jockey Club 12S 00
Cypress Lawn Imp Co • 7 00
Fischer's Theater 65 ....
Northern Cal Power 11 00
North Shore Railroad 900 ....
SALES.
v Morning - Session. -
100 Sovereign 40
200 Central Light and Power JM!i
600 011 City Petroleum 68 .
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran-.
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes ....... 12 300 Gould & Cur. 24
500 Caledonia ... 71 200 Ophlr 3 05
400 Chollar 14 100 Savage 20
60 Con C &. Va.l 35 600 Silver Hill .. 60
500 Exche<iuer . . 40 ' ICO Union Con . . 46
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Bullion Ill 300 Ophlr 4 00
300 Bullion 12| 200 Ophlr ;.« 95
100 Challenge Con 15| 1*00 Silver Hill .. 63
100 Mexican ...1 27% 200 Sliver Hill .. 62
1C0 Mexican 1 25 100 Yellow Jacket. 23
200 Mexican .....1 20
.TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
'• -Morning Session.
10,000 Esperanza... 04) 2000' Paymaster ... -05
7000 Esperanza ... 03 1 1500 Ray &. O'Brien 12
4CC0 Gold Anchor.. 281 200 Rescue 10
S00 Gold Anchor. 30| 300 Ton Belmont.. 72
1000 Gold Anchor. 31 j 3000 Ton Belmont.. 73
S200 Gold Anchor. 3» 1500 Ton Gold M. 20
GOO Gold Anchor. 37 500 Ton Gold M. ID
1000 MacNamara . 45 1500 Ton Gold M. 15
1000 MacNamara . 4C 40O Ton Midway.. 60
8500 MacNamara . 47 1000 Ton Midway.. 61
3600 MacNamara . 48 1100 Ton Midway.. 52
200 MacNamara . 49 600 Ton Midway.. 63
300 MacNamara ". 54 1000 Ton Midway.. 55
2Q» Mont Ton. .2 22^ 1000 Ton- Midway.; 56
450 Mont Ton ...2 25 200-Ton of Nev.8 37W
100 Mont Ton.. 2 27H 1100 Ton N Star .. 37
OOO Mont Ton ...2 ."0 100 Ton 'I* Star .. . 38
"200 Mont Ton ...2 20 1000 West' End ... 20
300 Little Ton ... 40
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, June 18 — 12 m.
i Uld.Afk.l - Bld.Ask.
Alpha 10 Injustice 10 11
Alta • 05 07 Kentuck 03 05
Andes 11 13|Keyes Graes.. — 120
Uelcher ..'.••• 23 2Sl Lady Wash .. — 06
Best & Belch. 1 25 1 35 Mexican 1 20 1 25
Bullion 12 13 Occidental ... 70 81
Caledonia ... 70 72 Ophlr 3 80 3 85
Challenge Con 14 16 Overman 22 23
Chollar ...... 13 14 Potosl 11 13
Confidence ... 85 100 Scorpion ¦ -IB 17
Con C & Va.l 25 1 30 Savage in 20
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher ..07 OS
Con NY.... 02-03 Sierra Nev . . 38 39
Crown Point. 14 15 Silver Hill .. 65 68
East Sierra N 06 — St <x>uls .... 01). 10
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate .... «t 04
Exchequer . . 38 ' 29 Union Con . . 45 46
Could & Cur. 23 24 Utah 15 18
Hale & Norc 7.1 77 Yellow Jacket. 22 23
Julia 08 00 r
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Colehan ..... — 07 Ray Ton ... 15 —
Eaperanza ... M 04 Rescue — 10
Gold Anchor. ,35 — Ton Belmont.. ,71 72
Oold M Con .01 02 Ton " & Cal . . 10 — I
Hannapah M. 25 — |Ton Ex ... 85 1 07% !
Jim Butler... — 80|Ton.& Q W.. — 06!
Little Ton . . 40 601 Ton Midway. . 51 5.1 1
Lucky Tom.. — 03 Ton of Nev.8 12}, 8 50 t
MacNamara -. 47 4i>ITon N Star.. 38 37 I
Mont Ton.. 2 27H 2 30 Ton A, Salt. I*..— . 80 I
Paymaster ... 04 05| United Ton . . — » 14 I
Ray Exten... — 13 West End ..'20 —
Kay&O-Brien. 11 " — J •
from Tokohama. for New York.
IQUIQUE — Arrived June 5 — Br stmr Blane
fleld from Tvne.
LISBON — Arrived June 16 — Span Btmr An
tonio Lopez, from Manila.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 8— Jap stmr Kan
agawa Maru, for Seattle.
SINGAPORE— Sailed June 17 — Br stmr Ali
catite, for Manila.
GUATEMALA— Sailed June 1— Ger etmr
Amasls, for Hamburg.
BRISBANE— Sailed June 16— Br stmr
Aorangl, for Vancouver.
COLON— Sailed June 15— Stmr Yucatan, for
New York. . , •
NEWCASTLE. AUS.— Sailed June 17— Ship
Hawaiian Isles, for Honolulu; Br ship Dltton,
for San Kranclsco.
HAMBURG— Sailed June 15— Fr bark David
d'AnJlers. for San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Sailed June 16— Br «tmr Sen
eca, for New York.
Arrived prior June 18— Stmr China, hence
May 19, via Yokohama and Honolulu.
Arrived prior June 4— Br stmr Atholl, from
Salina Cruz. ¦
KOBE— Sailed June 4— Br stmr St. Flllans,
for Yokohama.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YOnK— Arrived June 18— St. Louis,
from Southampton and Cherbourg; Pannonta,
from Trieste. Palermo, etc.: Etrurla. from
Liverpool and Queenstown; Columbian, from
Glasgow and Movllle.
Sailed June US— Minneapolis, for London:
Phoenicia, for Hamburg; Philadelphia, for
Southampton ' via Plymouth and Cherbourg;
Campania, for Liverpool; Zeeland, for Antwerp;
Anchorla, for Glasgow.
GENOA— Arrived June 15— Sycllla, New
York. ~.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 17 — Republic,
from Boston. June 18 — Devonian, from Boston.
Sailed June 18 — Lucanla. for. New York.
GLASGOW — Arrived j June 18 — Trltonlac,
from Sydney. B. C.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 18— Celtic
and Umbrla, from New York, for Liverpool and
proceeded.
CHERBOURG — Balled June 17— Moltke (from
Hamburg), for New York; June 18— Germanic,
from Southampton, for New York.
BOULOGNE— Sailed June 18— Grosser Kur
furst for New York, via Cherbourg.
LONDON— Sailed June 18 — Hungarian, for
Montreal.
HAVRE— Sailed June 18— La Champagne, for
New York.
ANTWERP— Balled June 18 — Vaderland, for
New York.
HONGKONG — Arrived previously — Chuna,
from San Francisco, via Honolulu. •
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June J8— St. Paul, for
Liverpool and proceeded.
••
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
Th«» eteaaier City of Pekteg sailed yester
day for Panama and way ports with a general
merchandise cargo valued at Ji^X 177, er
cluslie of treasure, to be distributed as fol
lows: For Mtrico $10,052;' Central America.
$13,517; Panama, $2587; Colombia. $450; New
York. $iei.2«j; Ecuador, $2C3. The leading
exports were as follows:
To Mexico — i::.sx lbs glucose, 44 cs canned
goods. IS pkgs groceries and provisions. 175
*.-»".<¦ 14 cs> wine. 27 cs whisky, 8 cs mineral
water. S cs assorted liquors, 10 bbls beer, 10
pkgs potatoes. IS pkgs paste, 35 pkgs drugs and
sundries. Si pkgs wire, 7 pkgs machinery, 100
pkgs railroad material, SI pkgs ore cars, 4 cs
arms and ammunition, 4 cs electrical supplies.
SI pkfrs pipe and fittings, 9 pkgs steel, &» pea
Iron. 10 f '"'i-
To Central America — Nil bbls flour. 46 cs
*!'«ly. 632 gals wine. SMit lbs cpices, 52 pkgs
table preparations. 27 cs canned goods, i cs
Falracn, -'j crts potatoes, 21 pkgs groceries and
provielor.*. SC20 lbs salt, 675 lbs dried fruit.
•¦¦«• lbs ham and bacon. 23.04.7 lbs tallow, 600
kegv powder. fi&S lbe soda, 220 pkgs paints, 10
pk?s drugs end sundries. 50 pkgs wire, 26 cs
coal cil, 200 tors coa.1, 06 oars.
To Panama; — 2V> bbls. flour, 883 lbs sugar.
10 cs canned goods, 7915 lbs 10 pes lumber,
S-'.'O lbs cement, IKK) bxs soap, 12 sheets steel.
To Colombia — 75 bbls flour, 12$5 lbs sugar.
30 cs soap. .'¦; gals wine, 8 cs ealmon, 4 pkgs
aroceries and provisions.
To New York— 162.836 gals wine, 750 flasks
quicksilver. 212,124 lbs wool, 141.550 lbs
a»phaltum. S3O cs lye. 3 pkgs dry goods. 60 sks
horns. 150 bales cattle hair, 812,388 lbs p!g
lead. 236 hardwood logs.
To Ecuador — 20 bbls flour, 102 lbs ham «wd
bacon, 5 pkgs paste, 2 cs spices.
Th» bark Andrew Welch sailed yesterdty for
Honolulu with an assorted merchandise cargo,
\i>!'jr-d at Jr».4 f -j and including the following:
200 bbl* flour. 3702 ctls barley, 543 ctls
wheat. S20 gals vinegar. 57.600 lbs rice, oini
lbs bread, 17.250 lbs sugar. 648 ctls corn. 579S»
gals wine. 1017 bales hay. .",«.. t;;io lbs middlings,
WR6 lbs tx»ans, 183.C0O lbs fertiliser, 2400 lbs
K,ST»e, i/i cs clis. 13 pkgs dry goods. 45 colls
ror«, 1430 pes M«r»r pipe. 150 cs Koap, 15,000
'.'¦*' lumber, 10 cs turpentine, 10 it-Is tar.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The steamer Argyll wps c>ared yesterday
for Honolulu with 25.715 barrels of crude oil
in bulk, vaiutd at $30,000. \
Crude Cil for Hawaii.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. June 20
Al-KI Skaxway & Way Ports. June 24
Oregon Nome & St. Michael.. June 25
Victoria Nome & Way Ports... June 25
Cottage City.. Ekagway & Way Ports. June 27
Dolphin Ekagway It Way Ports. June 28
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Juce 29
Santa Clara.. I Valdez & Seward tJune 2d
FROM SEATTLE.
Stmr San Mateo, Rom, 91 hours from Ta
coma, Oakland direct.
Btmr Argo Dunham, 24 hours from Eel
River.
Schr Espada, Barrtns, 8 days from' Port
Blakcley.
CLEARED.
Saturday, June 19.
Stmr City of Peking, Robinson. Panama,
etc.: P M S S Co.
Stmr Umatilla. Nopander, Victoria and Port
! Townsend; P C S S Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Johnson, Ean Pedro: P C
S S Co.
j Stmr Argyll. Gilboy, Honolulu; Union Oil Co.
Stmr Corona, GIclow. Eureka; P C S 8 Co.
Stmr Enterprise. Tounggren, Hllo; J. D.
Spreckels it Bros. Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, June 18.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson. Nanalmo.
Ftmr Ilwaco, Legrnfeldt. Pigeon Point.
I Stmr City of Peking, Robinson, Panama and
! way j>orts.
j Stmr Corona. Glelow. Eureka.
Br stmr Lothian. Williamson, Salina Crux.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, Point Arena and
Albion.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, Eureka.
Stmr Olympic. Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr North Fork. Nelwon. Eureka,
Stmr Newsboy, Adler. Crescent City.
Bark Andrew Welch. Drew, Honolulu.
I Bktn Tropic Bird. Eggar; Nome.
Schr Mary E. Foster. Larson, Port Blake
ley.'
Schr Sailer Boy. Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, Bollnas.
Schr Bessie K, Reed. San Vicente.
Tug Sea King, Harvey, Fort Bragg, with
, barge Tidal Wave in tow.
j Tug Sea Rover. Thompson, cruise In search
I of overdue bark Hoiliswood.
! TELEGRAPHIC.
' POINT LOBOS, June 18, 10 p. m. — Weather
j hazy; wind NW-; velocity 20 miles per hour.
! SPOKEN.
1 June 7— In lat 33 N. long 46 W, Br ship
Blackbraes, from London, for New York.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
1 SEATTLE— Arrived June 18— Stmr Spokane
¦ from Skagway. • /
Sailed June IS— Stmr Charle* Nelson, for
Nome.
Sailed June 18 — Stmr Dlrlgo for Ekagway
SEATTLE — Arrived June 18 — Stmr Hum
boldt. from Skagway.
ASTORIA— Arrived Juna 18— Etmr Columbia,
hence June 16.
Arrived June 18— Schr Virginia, hence
Juna 7.
Sailed June 18— Stmr Aberdeen, for Ban
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 18— Schr Mil
dred, from Coon Bay; stmr Cecelia, from Al
bion; stmr Shasta, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed June 18 — Stmr San Pedro, for San
Francisco; echr A. M. Baxter, for Port Town
send.
j Arrived June 18— Etmr Robert Dollar, from
! Kodondo.
i Sailed June 18— Strars Robert Dollar, Pren
tins and Mandalay. for San Francisco: achr
i Manila, for Port Gamble.
I SANTA BARBARA— Sailed June 18— Stmr
Bonita. for San Pedro.
• PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jun« 18— Ft
'ship Helene Blum, hence May 27.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived June 18— Schr
Guide, hence June 1.
BELLINGHAM— Sailed June 18— Stmr Rain
ier, for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived June 18 — Stmr Pasadena,
from Port Harford; stmr Eureka, hence June
Sailed June 18 — Stmrs Noyo, Pomona and
Arctic, for San Francisco. ; ¦
! Arrived June 18— Schr Bertie Minor, from
: Honolulu.
Sailed June 18 — Etmr Asuncion, for Ean
! Francisco.
| COOS BAY-£-8a!led June 18— Stmr* Break
water and Alliance, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed June 18 — Schr Oceania
Vance, for Port Townsend.
i FORT BRAGG— Sailed June 18— Stmr Brun«
wick.- for San Francisco.
Sailed June 18— Stmr Jamea B. Hlgglns for
Ban Francisco.
TATOOSH — Passed out June 18— Stmr
Charles Nelson, from Seattle, for Nome - • *
CL.EONE— Sailed Juno 18— Stmr National
City, for San Francisco. -
BANDON— Sailed June 18— Stmr Elisabeth,
for Ban Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed out June IS—
Kchr Camano.. hence June 13. for Eureka: schr
John C. Meyers from Everett, for Nome
ABERDEEN— Sailed June 18— Stmr Coqullle
River, for San Ffancteco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed June 18— Stmr Siberia.
for Hongkong and Yokohama.
MANILA— Sailed June 16— Br stmr Pharsa
lla, for New York.'
Arrived June 18 — Bark Annie Johnson, hence
June 5. ¦ .
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived June 17— Bark
Star of Bengal, from Mahukona. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
» TENERIFFE — Arrived June 2— Ger stmr
Abydo*. from Genoa, for San Francisco. :
SUEZ — Arrived June 17— Br etmr Shlmosa,
TTie British bark Add»riey Is chartered for
lumber from Pu^et Sound to Sydney; British
rxirk Hawthornbar.k, same business, from
Burrard Inlet to Iqulque direct at 35s; char
tered in Engiand.
3latters of Interest to 31arlners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN'.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
City of Peking sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports. She carried
2S00 tons of cargo and about twenty
passengers.
City of Peking Sails.
The bark Annie Johnson, which ar
rived yesterday at Honolulu from this
port, made the passage in thirteen
days — one of the smartest trips record
ed in some time.
Makes Fast Passage.
The China Commercial Companyls
steamer Lothian, which put in here
Friday to repair damage caused by the
bursting of a Fteam pipe, resumed her
voyage yesterday for Salina Cruz.
J/othian Resumes Voyage
The vessels on the overdue list are
quoted for reinsurance as follows:
Juteopolis, Queen Elizabeth, La. Roche
focauld, LArgo Law "and Willy Itick
m?rs. 7 per cent; Wynford 15 per cent
and Laura 90 per cent.
The Overdue list.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
**»• *»• I "(
S.Barbara.. Qra>« Harbor 4 p ml Pier 2
J. Higgtns. Los Angles Ports. 11 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
8. Rosa San Diego A. Way. 9 am Pier 11
UmaUlla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier a
Juna 30. | |
San Pedro.. Humboldt |12 m Pier 2
Argo.... e«1 River Ports. ..I 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.j 9 am Pier 11
June 31. I |
Pomona Humboldt ll:J0plPl*r 9
Costa Rica.. Astoria & Portland' 11 amlPler 2i
June 23. I |-
P. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pmiPier 2
Elizabeth... Coqullle River .... B pmlPler 2U
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 6 pmlPler 8
laqua Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
L'urrka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Arctic Humboiat 9 amlPler 2
Centralla... Los Angeles 10 amlPler 10
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. 5 pmiPfer 1C
Cottic China & Japan 1 pmlPler 40
Jon* 33. I
Porno Pt- Arena & Albion 6 pmlPier 2
State of Cal. Fan Dlero & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor 4 pmlPier 20
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor JPier —
Jus* 34. |
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p!Pler 9
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Queen Puiret Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centeanlal.. Seattle h. Tacoma. & pm Pier 20
\ Jane 35.
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Alameda. ... Honolulu 11 amlPler 7'
San Jose.... I N. Y. via Panama. 12 ro Pier 40
Rainier Seattle & B'.lngham 4 pmiPier 10
Newburg... Grays- Harbor 4 pmlPler 10
Aurella Astoria & Portland 4 pmlPler 2
June 36. (
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pmlPler 20
Columbia... Astoria A Portland 11 amlPler 24
June 39. I |
Nevadan.... Honolulu* Kahulul] 3 pmlPier 25
City Puebla.'Puget Sound Ports. Ill amjPier 9
As a resalt of the speaking of the
bark Hollisrwood by the schooner TVan
tit, the name of the overdue vessel yes
terday was taken off the reinsurance
list. Nothing more has been heard of
the Hoiliswood. which probably will be
picked uj> by some coasting steamer
and helped to port. Although strong
northwesterly winds have prevailed
since the Hoiliswood was spoken by the
bark Prussia on May 2S, the revenue
cutter Daniel Manning headed north on
Friday, when she started her search
for the missing vessel. Aa the Hollis
wr>od was net anchored and had a
fhort supply of canvas she has been
making southerly way ever since the
Prussia left her and. as was supposed
by everybody bnt the people on the
revenue cutter, is now well to the
southward of this port.
Xo Mare 'Word of the Halllswood.
Steamer. I From. Due.
8. Barbara... 'San Pedro June 19
O. Limtarc... i Grays Harbor ,..\.... Juw U
Arctic... i Humboldt June 19
i SanrVdr*....] San Pedro June 19
OenUnnial...J Seattle * Tacoma .... Juna lit
l\wr*»n* Humholdt June 1»
Sequoia . iviliar* H»rl?or June 1»
Eiizabetb.... Ccxjuille RJtvt |Jun« SO
Telia* Oyster Harbor June 20
Laksi* Sen Pedro June 20
)c Dollar Ke.loaJo Jun« 20
Breakwater.. Coo* Bay Jun« 20
Eureka HumboMt Jua« 20
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. June 20
State of Cal.. San Dleco & Way Pts. Jun« 30
<Jue«o Pur^t Sound Port» Jun« 2rt
Montara .. Seattle ] June 21
Del Korte.... Crescent City |June 21
Alisieda. .... I Honolulu \ June 21
Pumo 'Point Arena & Albion. June 31
Bonita i Newport & Way Ports. Juna 21
Rainier ! Seattle & BeUlngham.. June 21
Mackinaw ! Tacoma June 22
S. Monica ; San Pedro June 22
Ia<jua | San Pedro June 22
Ontralla.... j Gray* Harbor June 22
Corona Humboldt June 22
AureUa Portland * Astoria June 22
Cbloo Portland £.- Astoria June 23
Newinrr Grays Harbor June 23
North Fork... Humboldt Juno 23
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena June Xi
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pis. June 24
N<-\»d«n Honolulu & Kahulul.. June 23
Coluvbla Portland & Astoria June 23
M. Dollar.... Kobe June 2*
Argo Eel River Ports June 24
Arcata coos Bay & Pt. Orford. June 21
City Panama. New York via Panama. June 25
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. June 2J
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... June 2ft
Coronado Grays Harbor I June 2«
Marlpoea Tahiti |June 2«
Curacao Mexican Ports (June 27
Sierra Sydney and Way Ports J June 27
St. Paul Nome and St. Michael. I June 27
Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria I June 28
Acapulco New York via Panama.! June 29
Jeanie ; Seattle * Tacoma |June 23
"We spent about two weeks on the
t3thmus. but as it is only forty miles
in width at the point proposed for the
construction of the canal, we had am
ple time to go over the country thor
oughly. We found that a ditch had been
dug clear across the isthmus, but it
is neither of the depth nor width re
quired. Portions of it will, however,
be of use. The commissioners at pres
ent plan a canal 150 feet wide and with
a water depth of 30 feet. The deepest
cut will be through a hill 340 feet in
height. ->,
"We shall be unable to tell what the
elevation of the canal will be until we
receive a report from the enginers now
at work. A corps of eighty men was
sent there, but it will be fully a year
before we can arrive at a direct deci
sion from th,elr figures."
When asked aa to the length of time
it would take to complete the canal
Mr. Grunsky was non-committal.
"An estimate was made by the
French corporation that it would take
eight years," he said, "but as we have
not fully formulated our plans it is
impossible for us'to make an estimate."
Mr. Grunsky says the commissioners
do not anticipate any difficulty in se
curing workmen. The men who were
employed by the French company are
willing to remain and will be given
steady employment. If more are need
ed they may be procured from the same
class, which Includes natives of the
isthmus, negroes from the West In
dies, Italians, and even Americans.
"When we visited the isthmus in
April we found a force of 600 or 700
men at work digging the canal. They
had been employed by the new Panama
Canal Company, which succeeded the
old French concern, and had made a
cut through the highest elevation to
be traversed. Some of the work done
by them will unquestionably be of
great value to us, while other portions
may be entirely useless. We decided,
however, to retain tjne men a nd con
tinue the work on It's present lines un
til a decision is reached regarding the
elevation of the canal.
C. E. Grunsky, formerly city engineer,
but now a member of the Panama
Canal Commission, has returned to this
city for a brief stay after an extended
trip across the continent and to the
isthmus. Mr. Grunsky says that ' a
large force of \nen is at work on the
canal and will be kept there even
though final plans have not been made.
His statement of conditions on the isth
mus and of the purposes of the com
missioners is as follows:
French Companies Have
Done Preliminary Work
That Will Be of Value
Jbants* Kxchanrc S*« Francisco, CaL,
IWM IS.
Tk* Tlrae Bait on ta* tower of th« F«rry
bui:diag *u dropped exactly at noon to-dajr—
t. e., mi Boca of the 130th meridian or it I
p. M. <Jrt«ewlch time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. X.. ia oharg*.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements oX Steamers.
The Pacific Mail Company's San Jos«,
Captain Brown, arrived yesterday aft
fiTioon from Panama and way ports.
She brought seventeen passengers. 157S
tons of earco and treasure valued at
$4820.
Most of her care» is from New York,
and it includes a great variety of raw
products and manufactured article*.
The fretcht from other ports tols also
rich in variety, and Included starch
from London, burlaps from Liverpool,
oil from Havre, rubber from Guayaquil,
copper from Panama, concentrates
from Arr-aixUs. sufar, coffee, limes and
£21 parrots trcxn Central American
ports.
The San Jose's passengers lactaded
the fcllo-wln*; named: Mrs. Anne Coal,
Mrs. Jennie Qualman. Miss Alexia Sul
livan. J. Castamasua, Abraham Aqui
lla, C Adornsleben, D. Glllis, John
Qualman, Charles Qualman. F. G. Pen
totti and Miss Annie Hanley.
CONDITIONS FAVOEABLE
Commissioner C. E. Grun§ky
Returns From a Visit of
Inspection to the Isthmus
Brings Seventeen Passengers and 1 578 Tons of Cargo
Which Includes Starch From London and Coffee
and Parrots From Central American Ports
MANY WORKING
ON THE CANAL
PACIFIC MAIL LINER SAN JOSE
ARRIVES FROM SOUTHERN PORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;. CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1904.
41
fj£ ( * W **£j&i. toarrlT«at
I fi^^pjj SAN FRAXCI8CO.
V !<^, X-^-V /tj/ 9wom Im it. DM,
x vJEJL>^ (T oot of Markat »iriet.>
I..AT, -. MAIN LINE. -Aaarr»
Z-gO* TaoaTflla, Wlaters. Boa««r 7.M»
7.00a Beafela, Kl m Ira aad 8*cra ¦>• a to . . J JS m
7J0AYa»eK ITapa. Callatoca, laata
Koaa. Uarttaaa. Saa Iiiiw..... |^9i»
7 JKU Knea, Trsey. Latkrop. SMeJltaa .... 7J&*
•JMABkasta Szpreas- (Via Os^ia).
Williams (tor BanleU Ssrtag*?.
Willow*, trrato. B«4 BlaC,
F<»rtl«Bd, Tacoma. 88»tt1» 74Ss*
tJJOA Dar]a.irood]aa4. KalgHu Laadlag;
._. MarjtTiita. Chloa. OrwrlUe 740**
I-JOa rort Coata, Martlaei. AaUaca,
>7T*a, Trser. Itocktaa. Vev
Biaa. Los Baaoa, Meassta,
Anaoaa. Haafor4. Tlsalla,
__ rortcrriQe 4L29**
8-X0A Fort Ootta. Modest*. Mare a «, ~"^
' • .- Yresao, Goatiea Jaaettoa, H*a-
ford. TlMtia. BakersteM 4J*»
•48A jrile*. flaa Je«a, Llvsnam. St«ck-
toa, (tMIlloa). Iobb. SunanK,
. li Mary.Tllle. Chleo, Be« Blaf .... 4Mi»
l40AOakdal«.CalaeM. Jaaestew*. f«>
_ _. aora, Taoinmie »n<J Aacels ..... 4.20*
8 COa AUuUe Sxpress— Ortea sa« 8«ii. » JLttm
8 J0A BlebnwBd. Martlaes aad War
Statton* t-SQm
104OA Tb« Orertaaa LtmtMNl — O«d«a.
._ „ l>«nT«r, OiBftha, Ci!e»g». fjrfl*
J9ffl*7«ne]» Z~l~ZuZ itn>
10.00a Lo« Aarelea rass«ater — r«rt
Cotta. Marttaes. Byrea, Traer,
lAtarep. Stsokto*. Msveed.
R*7sno»4. Fresno. G««ae« Ja»o-
tlea. Baaford, LeaMMra, Tlsaiia.
..,«_ Bakewoeld. torn A K tlM 7.»»»
It-OOM Hayward. Mies and Way Matfoas. J.ft*
ti-QOPSacnuaratoRlrerSMaasenL. t114AF
I40^Bealcta > Wtaters. Sacraaseatot.
WMdlaad, Willow*. Kslrkis
Laadtag, MaryiTtn*. Ororllle
... aad way stations t* M*
I -IS* Baywsrd. Nil*, snd Wsy SUtlaas.. 710 m
3-50^ Fort Costa, MarUaex. flrroa.
Tracy. I«tar*B, Mosetio.
Merosd, Berenda. Tresao sad
_!' Way Statlaos beyaad Pan C*sta 12-29*
3-30^ Tesemiu Tallsy, Tla Bcrcada aad
_„ Wiwoni t-BSA
X-SO^MarUaea.Traey.Btocktoa, Lo4t... 10.20a
4«0>* Mtrllsex.S»n Raaoa,Valle>,5sBa,
CaUstoca, Baota Koaa. t-SOA
122* " nw - Tra«y. Stoektan. Lodl 4.J$W
440PBayward. KlUs. Irrlaftoa. Saa t tt-SOA
_ Jom. Ltrennore > n 1.50a
EXOPTl* Owl Umlted— Ns«n>a. L«t
B»no». MeodoUL. Fr«»s», Talara.
Bsk«Tsfl«M.LosABC«l«« M«A
J-OOp r«rt Costa, Tracy. 8t«cktaa 12.20*>
f JOp Hayward. Xfles aad Baa Jes« 7.20a
>-pOPHarwara,JIIleaaad6anJea« 940a
¦¦00s* Kastera Kxpress— Ord«a. DeaTOT.
Omaaa. St. Louis. Caleaco sad
Cast, via MarUaex. Siooktoa.
. .. Sacramento, Co)f»x. Raao 12.83*
¦•OOP TaUeJo. datty. except daadsy.... I T .»_
7-00P Tallejo, Baaday oaly f *40^
7.00P Blehmoad, 8«a P»blo. rort Costa,
MirUnot tstt Wijr hMUooi 11-2JA
7X0»E«bo raateof er— r»rt Cesta, S«4-
¦na. Elalra, Paris. Saoraaeato,
Tmekee, Lake Takee, Beae,
_._ Tonosah. Sparks 748*
8 0s* Oregon * California Sxstvm— Sa«-
ramentoy MarytTllle. Reddtec.
' rortland. Fnfel S«a>d «ad BMt. I. S3*
1.1 Op Bayward, NHe» and Baa Jsm (3oa-
dayonly) 1140a
COAST LINE w (**rr. w u..«.t.
(Voot of Market Street.)
7 -45a SaaU Crsx BxearslODfSsaday oaly) |.1I>
8.16a He»wt OeaterTlUe. Saa Joaa,
Fb! too. Boulder Crack. Sir BmIb,
Buu Crui aadWsyBuQoas... |.|l»
tfl.1fiA AlTando. Newark, 8u Jwc. Loa
Gstoa,Gleawood, Felten. B««lder
J.. M Creek.BlfB«ila.8aauCnu.... I U»
t2.TI> Newark. CeBtarrllle. Baa Joaa,
Hew Almadaa, Los 6»tot.r slioa.
Boalder Creek. 8aata Cros aad
.'„ Prtnclpsl Wsy atatloos 1041a
4.18a newark. Saa Jose. Loa Galoa tt-MA
4-ISp Wrleht. Boaldar Creek aad Saata
Cras. Batarday aad Sunday oaly. M46a
COAST LINE* (Uraad faaa««L. .
tJ" Claim nail Tovrateixl SUseu.) _
8.10a Baa Jose and Way 9Uti«as. S M»
t7X0A B«b Joae aad W»y Stations fi.40^
7.15a Montarey aad S»at* Crux Kicar-
slon (Sosday oaly) 10JO*
¦ 4>0a X*w Almaden (Taes^ Frid.. aaly). ¦ 4.13*
OGOATba Coaster— Saa Jom, BaUnaa.
Baa Ardo. Paso Boblsa. Baata
MirjarlU. Saa Lois Ob1spo.8aata
Barbara. Baa BaeaaTeatura,
MoatalTO. Oxaard. Barbank. L«e
ADceles . 144I*
I.00A Ollroy. HoHlator. Castrcrrflle. Del
Monte, P»cl3c GroTe, Surf, L»m-
poe „ 1849*
t.OOA 8aa Joea, Tres rtaos, CaytMs*
BaauCrm,Pa«loeOTOTe.8allBAa,
Baa Lola Obtspo aad Prlacl»al
W.r Stations 4.ff»
1040a Baa J««a aad Wsy BUUrat. 1.33»
1t40A Baata Clsra, San »«•«, Los fiats*
aad Way SUtloas 7.3*»
140pS«n Jose aad Way Btattoas im
tIOC»D«l Monte Express— Saata Clara,
Baa Jose, Del Msate. M«o:«rey,
P»cl2cGroTe II. 1W
S40p Bur llntuue. Saa Jo«e. Gilroy. Hoi-
lister, Trea Piaoj. Pajaro. Capi-
tol*. Baata Cm, Cmu-otOJc,
Balnas. facUle Or«T« 10-4ia
44Sp *•• J—9 sad W»y 3ml«u T3.80A
t* OOP BaaU Clara.' Baa Jose. In Qatoa,
Wrlchl aad prtael>sl Way Sta-
ttost (except Baaday) -ft) 00*.
{S.51» S«aJ*i*»Bitl > rlBcJp«lWkr5«a^«ms M-40a
6.44 p BsBset Express.— Bedvaod. Baa
JtMe.Gtir^y.Sainisa.rswa Boales,
¦ Baa Lai* Obl»»o. Saata Barbara,
Loa Aaceles. lxmltr. El Pas*,
Hew Orleaas. Sew T«rk T.Wt
I45P rajaro. Capitola, Ssata Craa. C«V-
Carlea, Bedw««d. Pair ««ka.
Meal* Park. Pal* AH* 1M<A
• 4t»B«aJ«ieaadW«ygaB»lonsl Xma
*XM)* T»io Alt* sad W»y SMtUas....... tsTlS*
aagame. Baa Mat**, B«lm*a^
Baa Carlea. B«4w*ad. Pair Oakt,
Maal* Park, aad Palo Alt*...... tvBSs*
l114tPMayleM. Maaatata Ttew. Suaiy-
tbI*. Lawreae*, Baata Clara aad,
- Baa Jos* « Up
A fw Maniac r t*r AfMrnoaa. '
Wvaday axeepted. I Saadsv amir
m Batarday ealy. » M*a4aj »aly.
1 8t«M at all mUtaa ea Baaday.
CALIFOINU NORTBWESTEXN RT. CO.
T .•Wi^gSHI HI
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAQFIS
SAX&WAT COM7AJTT.
TITjaron Terxj, root of Xaxks* StiMfc
SAW rSAZTCZSCO TO SAV BATAS£#
WEEK PAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a, m, i
; 12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 6:10, 5:30, 8:30 and uUj
I P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:83 p. m.
SUNDATS— 7:30. 8:00^ 9:80. 11:00 a. m.; 1:8»,
2:30. 3:40 5:10, 0:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAW XbATAXOi TO SAST TSAJTOZSCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 8:50. 7:30. »:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 6:00. 0:20.
8:25 p. xa. Saturdays — extra trip at 1:43
SL'NDATS— 6:80. 7:33, 9:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:SO. 5:00, 5:20, 6:23. 7:50 p. m. t£x-
c«pt Saturdays. '
Lieare I Ia EStct I Arrtr*
San Fran. I May 1. 1904. [ San Fran.
Week I Sun- I I>*stlsa- I Sun- j Week
VDays. I da>-». | tlon. | days. [ Day.
7:30a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:0Oa 8:4Oa 8:40a*
8:00 a 0:30 a Iraaelo. 10:2Oa 10:20 si
2:3Op 2:30p 6:00p 6:20p
5:10 p 5:10 p 8:20 p 7:23 a
7:25 pi
8:45 p
7:30a 7:30a 7:45a 7:45a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novata. 10:20 a 10:20*
2:30 p 9:3Oa Petahuna. 8:2Opj S:3O p>
6:10 p 2:20 p and 7:23 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30a 7:30a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:23 p 6:2Op
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 a
Windsor, \ I
7:30a 7:30a Healdsburr. 10:29a 19:33a
Lytton.
2:30p 2:30p Geyservllle, 7^5 p| 7:23 a
Cloverdale. I ' •
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|19:29 a
2:80 pi 2:30 p) and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
j ~t Wllllts^ I i
7:30 a| 7:30 a[ Sherwood. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
8:00 a[ 8:00 a| Guemeville and ll0:2Oa|10:2Oa
2:30 p| 2:30p Camp Vacation, f 8:43 p| 8:20 9
8:00 a 8 :C0 a . 8:40 a sTtVa
5:10 p 9:30 a Fonomn, 6:00 p 6:20 p>
(5:10p( Glen Ellen. 8:43 p
7:30 al 7:30 at 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| ' Sebastopol. | 7:23 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whlta
Sulphur Springs and Mark West S prims; at
Fulton for Burke's Sanltartum: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserrllle for Skar*a
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geyser*. Boone-
?111* and. Greenwood; at Hopland for Puncaa
Sprlngs.'TIIghland Springs. KalMyrill*, Cans-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakaport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Laka, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley'a, Buekaell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr"s Hot
Springs Halfway House. Comptehe. Camp
Stevens'. Hopkins. Mendoctno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal; at Willits for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo Layton-
vllle. Cummins. Bell'a Springs. Harris, Olsena.
Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 630 Market street. Chroalda
bulldins.
JAS L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAK.
' Gen. Manager. Gen. Paw. Agt.
Weekly Call iffer Year
\m LIMITED TO CKICAC f
i LEAYES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS f
§1 at !>:3O a. m., througrh la 3 days, ¦
; Hj with fllner and all trapplnra g
Other Santa Pe Trains 1
7:30 a. m.l fcr Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld,
8:00 p." ml J Merced. Hanford and Vtsalia,
4:00 p.. m. for Stockton.
S:CO p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago. • -
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Alao 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 37 South First St.,
San Jose. • ¦ .' • • ¦¦..¦¦¦"'
'raSg^^H] TOSANRAFAEL,
||M|S|||;ROSS VALLEY,
MTLI VAT T FY
CAZADERO, Etc*
1 VI* Sansallto Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE^ STANDARD GAUGE.
- Depart from • San Franctsco. week days, at
«:30. 7:10, 7:45, 8:30 8:15 10:C0. 11:00 a. m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausalito only), 12:20, 1:45. 3:15.
4:0ii, 4:35. 5:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15 9:00. 10:20.
11:35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:30 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a, m. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:35.
5:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 0:00. 10:20. 11:35
P. ' ">. .
Arrive at San - Francisco week days. 8:17,
7:00. 7:35 8:15. 8:45 0:35, 10:20. 11:05 a, m..
12:05, 1:25. 2:50, 3:35 4:20, 5:05. 6:40. 6:15.
6:55, 7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45,
2:u6, K:t-<> P. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at T:43 a, m..
3:15 p m.. 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00.
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00, 1:45. 2:30. 7:15 j
and 8.15 p. m jj noUGH i-r^jo.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and war station*.
0:15 a. m.. Sundays only — For w olnt .Reyes, '
etc
3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero. etc '¦
5:15 p m., dally except Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m., Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
etc. • /
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 62« Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market St..
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Ti» Oiitalits Ffrrj • Arrive
San Fraudico r**t «f Matltst St. Ban Fraiidtcq
Week San- £>ui.- Week
T7r~8T35"I B>«JK»CT 12:4Bp» 8:48a
... 10:00 a I^^S^g^f 2:05 p*1 1:05 a
10:00- a 11:00a TC«*E»St 3JS r 3:35 p
1:4* p 12,20 r M^^S^ 6:40 r 6:1* I
6:15r 1;4*p X^T 6:15p 10:05 J
. m .... 4:35r| 8:60p
•WaCriTttyCar. .* Ta«nlt*it U Mill Mlf.
Ticket J626 Makkkt St. (North flhore Railroad)
Orricxa jaad Sausauto fxuiT, foot IlarfcctS^.
', : -¦ • - : Another beauty in black and white.
H^EM:ifXT:StJWDftys;ail
All news dealers and news agents sell The Call. Ask for it.
5c A COPY
With the issue of Sunday, July 5, the Sunday Call will issue a beautifully illumi-
nated Bryson, "The Grass Widow." Don't miss it. This will be followed by a series
of the most fascinating Brysons ever -issued by a newspaper in the United States. Save
¦ your Sunday Calls. Collect this series of art supplements. They are hummers.
i ;;union''Gas Engines
in use in &5 s. 7. 3-cxxrjrDEK "tririOH" mabiste ewoiwe.
this port than those of all other makes combined. They are fitted to
ran on gasoline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. Special \ fittings for
kerosene and crude oiL Send for our catalogues, stating requirements.
UiuonCasEnjfaeCoinpai^iuimui^flSikiiTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1904.
42
REAL KST-X'j'E— C'TV— yqR SALE.
nALDWIN & HOWELL. ( 23 Poet st.
* " i
| I II i
i ? - §
j GR0f\O\NfKY ST
' Choice marine view lets on north side of
nrtudway. west of Scott at.; sold to close on
estate. Particulars at office.
$4.100 — Dupont-st. corner; house of 12. rooms;
lot 77:C.\GO.
:2.75O— Bryant st.. near 1st; lot 25x80; t
bulldlnjra; rents SOT. . .
$6.500— 1st st.. near Fol*cm; lot 45:6x68:9; 5
flat* and cottage; rents $46.
$6. "CO— Broadway, near Leavenworth: renta
$58 per month; 2 flats and rear house.
$3,600— Reduced from J4000; rent* $42 per
month; 4 flats; doubl* frontage; 2
streets, near 3d St.; big bargain.
$11.600— Broadway corner: lot 2*x62:S; rents
$86 per month; brick end frame building.
$5,5W — Downtown property; key lot; on Jack-
son st.: house of 0 rooms and bath:
rent $45.
I $3.000— Only $1500 cash, balance $30 per
month; new marine view residence; on
¦ 48th ave., fronting the ocean; lot 25x
| 120.
i $5,000 — Business property on Castro St., near
Market: store with living rooms; flat
of 0 rooms and bath above; rents low
at $37 50; bargain.
I $4,2Wi — Cottage on Jersey «t.. n«ar Diamond;
j fl rooms snd bath; lot M:8xll4 ; ;
i ' 1ZZHZ
: -
EXECUTOR'S
SA1.E
i AT AUCTION
\ THURSDAY. JUNE 23. 1001,
I AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON
i AT OUR SALESROOM. 25 PORT ST.
BY ORDKR OF JOHN GARBER.
; EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF
! CORNELIA B. STANLEY. Deceased.
| GRAND CORNER
, OPPOSITE CALIFORNIA HOTEL.
3 FRONTAGES.
BUSH ST.— MARY LANE— MARTIN ST.
(Bet. Kearny st. and Grant ave.)
1 LOT 40x110 FEKT.
PRESENT RENTS $3000 PER ANNUM. NET
WE HAVE A TENANT WHO WILL TAKE
A TEN-TEAR LEASE ON A NEW
7-STORY BUILDING IF ERECTED ON THIS
LOT. AND WILL PAY A RENTAL NET-
TING 6 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
TERMS CASII 8UBJECT TO AP-
PROVAL OF SUPERIOR COURT.
—
BALDWIN A HOWELL. ¦
AUCTIONEERS,
25 POST STREET.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANT.
513 CALIFORNIA ST. 1
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTT.
$7000 — 25x100; 24th St., between Mission and
Carp «ti.; store and flat renting for $65 per
month.
DESIRABLE MISSION CORNER.
$26,000—25x104; SW. corner of 20th and Ala-
bama; suitable for stores or flats.
JACKSON-ST. INVESTMENT.
$6250 — Lot 34:4x137:6; near Leavenworth;!
Improvements consist of house of 7 rooms in
front and 2 rear cottages of 4 rooms each.
LEAVENWORTH-ST HOME.
$6000—22:11x60 to rear street; Leavenworth
si., near California; improvements consist ot
house of 6 rooms and bath.
FREDERICK-ST. BUO.DINO LOT.
$1S5O — i'Jxiw; vouth line of Frederick, near
Wlllard; adapted for home.
VAN NESS-AVE. CORNER.
68x125; a corner in the most desirable por-
tion of Van Ness ave.; in one or two lot*.
JONES-BT. BAT-WINDOW FLATS.
$11.000 — 40x137:6: Jones st.. near Greenwich;
4 modern flats, renting for $87 50.
PROMINENT MISSION CORNER.
$15.000 — 55x90; NE. cor. 24th and Ehotwell:
Improvements consist of (tore, fiat* and house;
renting for $112 per month.
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
$13,000 — 2.1x100 to Shipley at., between 5th
and Cth: Improvements, stores and flats, rent-
Ing for $89 50 per month.
CORNER POLK AND WASHINGTON STS.
100x102 :PU: on» of the best business locali-
ties on Polk ct.; will be sold cheap.
TURK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$42. «W— 27:6x137:6: Turk, near Taylor: old
Improvements renting for $100 per month.
WAEHINGTON-ST. FLATS.
$15,«"iC0— 2SxlC0; north line of Washington,
near Lyon; Improvements consist of 3 flats ot
7 rooms and bath each; renting for $1&00 pet
year.
JACKSON-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$(5000— 27:6x137:6; north line of Jackson st.,
near Hyde: splendid locality for flats.
DO you know that you can make more money
on Point Richmond real estate than
anywhere else?
Point Richmond
Is growing faster than any other town In the
State. I
Is the terminus of the Santa Fe Railroad.
Will be the new terminus of the Southern Pa-
rifle Railroad.
Has the Immense works of the Standard Oil
Company.
Rcun<lho ? js»j and shops of the Santa Fe Rail-
road.
The Santa Fe Tract offers best opportunltl**.
Do you want to make money?
If so
Secure come lots in the Santa Fe Tract.
$5 monthly.
$5 monthly.
t5 monthly. '
Lots all level.
Ready to build on.
Streets are graded.
. Sidewalks laid.
- McEWEN BROS.. 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
HAWKS A 8KELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$i.3,tOC— Fine . house: Leavenworth, near Clay:
9 rooms and bath: laundry in basement -
building- In first-class condition; view of
Golden Gate from rear.
. $S,C0O— Corner lot 105x137; Lombard - street
boulevard: can be subdivided to good
advantage. • •
$7,S50— Marine view lot; Hyde st.. near '¦
Chestnut; 86:8x110; very fine view as- ;
cured; new building each aide of It; on
Hyde-tt. car line.
$10,000— NW. cor. Larkln and Francisco; 1.17x
137; has commanding view of the bay
and when Francisco st. Is graded will be
worth double this price.
$7,000 — Octavla St.. .near Broadway; good
house of, 7 rooms andvbath; flne view of
bay from front and rear; bare lot It
'worth the price; 25x137; make offer.
HAWKS A SKELTON. 323 Montgomery tt.
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
$4C0O — Forced sale; reduced from $5500: lovely,
home In fashionable location; 9 large
rooms: house only one year old; Second
ave.. near the park.
$4400 — Lost one of the new houses on Eleventh
ave., near Clement; 7 rooms, high base-
ment, large yard; ,roof and plumbing
guaranteed; a chance to buy on the in-
¦tallment plan as cheap a* paying cash'.
Bargains In flats and lots.
W. M. L.ACET.
419 Clement st., near Sixth ave.
CITY OF RICHMOND.
$5 rer month; Jutt across the bay from San
Francisco; ume distance at Oakland; the
. terminus of the Santa Fe Railroad and the
Standard Oil Company, which, with the
Southern Pacific Railroad, . are Investing
millions of dollars there; $5 per month: send
for maps and circulars; free. RICHMOND
LAND COMPANY, Crocker building, San
•Francltco. ' . . •
BIG bargain; $3500; 4 lot* of 25x100 each, near
Mission car line, on Silver ave.; flne, -strongly
built house of 6 rooms: cost alone over $2CK»>
chicken houses, with all appliances: cow
barn: flne spring water, with windmill and
new tank on premises; all fenced in with new.
fence; tots alone worth $500 apiece: grand
views, flne. healthy location. Box 1048, Call.
$9500. Howard tt., north line. bet. 7th and 8th,
i 25x00; lmprpv. DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market.
: $1100, lot 25x100; lnqulr* next door. 822 Hamp-
i shire St., between 20th and 21st.
I^ALESTATC—CITJ^-FO^l^^
SPECK *: CO. ¦
209 MONTGOMERY ST..
•Mi MOXTUOMEKV ST..
"l/J MONTGOMERY ST..
REAL ESTATE AOE^Td.
SELLING Lfc-ASUV^;-
RENTS COLLECTED. IN80 S A i M £5.i
S50, COO— Larkln-st. business corner; 8T:o trom-
age; stores and lodtlng-house; lease-i
and paying 6 per cent net. *
$46,000— Vicinity Bush and Kearny: stores and
three floor* above: brick building; lot
front* 35 feet; rents $2t».
$35,000— Howard st.. near Third; 50x160; 8000
square feet; key lot and two frontages,
this lot on Third st. would be worth
$100,000. -r:.
$25,000— Corner; new building; rents $224; lot
36:6x100. . ,. ,
$21, OOo— Larkln-st. business corner; lot 35 feet
frontage: rent* $1SOO annually.
$20,000— Polk-st. business property; 2 *} or ?*
• and lodging-house; lot 30x95; rents $145;
$10,000 bank mortgage can remain.
$18,500— Poet *t.; lot 62:tal24; 2 frontages;
very good Improvements; rent* $1*0. ¦
$1?,500— EUls-st. bargain: near Larkln; three
houses: lot 27:tel2O; two frontages;
$3000 bank mortgage can remain.
$13,500— Lot 65x00; 4 substantial houses: key
property to Valencia st. : rents *io*».
$12,500 — Three magnificent flats; Halght st.;
rents $120; lot 25x137:6.
$11.000— Corner Seventh st. ; 05 feet frontage;
flne building site. _.
$3,500— Two ttore, and four flats: corner north
of Market st.; 48:6 frontage: yearly
rents $968; paying 11H per cent.
$5,600— New building, store and flaw; close ta
Fourth and Howard: rents $5iO per an-
num- $2250 bank mortgage. « per cent.
can remain; tenant makes repairs; pays
12 per cent net.
$5,000— Mission business corner; 3 stores; rents
$4S0 yearly; lot 43x80.
RESIDENCES.
$15,000— Callfornla-st. residence. 12 rooms ana
bath: lot 3C*U7:6; choice block
$9,000— Splendid home: 9 rooms and bath.
lot 30x117:6; $6000 mortgage can re-
$1,500— Fcur-room cottage; lot 27:6x100; Mis-
sion warm belt.
CHOICE LOTS.
$18,000— Broadway, north side and b«*t resi-
dence block; unobstructed view; lot
27x137:6.
$4,0CO— Market-st. lot. 23x100: adjoining eor-
ner lot Improved with $45.000 building.
HOAO A LANSDALE. ~JL
108 MONTGOMERY 6T.
NEAR THE PARK.
Three swell new modern flats, 1 block from
Golden Gate Park; finely finished throughout:
6, 6 and 7 rooms; lower flat leased two years
at $.12 50: middle and upper will bring $35
and $37 50: extra large sunny lot; a splendid
Investment; only $11,000.
— — — I
MARINE VIEW LOT. i
On north side of Jackson St.. near Locust,
overlooking Presidio grounds and the Golden
Gate: old improvement* renting for $12 5O per
month: minor owner must sell at one*; re-
duced to $3600 to make quick sale.
ALONG THE PRESIDIO WALL.
The chance everybody ha* been looking for;
large building lots fronting on the wall and on
Bth and 6th lives. ; send for plat and psiees; a
rare chance to »ecure.a lot In a flne location
at a reasonable price. \
LOOKING INTO THE PARK. ON STANTAN
STREET.
Splendid building lot* right at the entrance
to Golden Gate Park; a beautiful garden at
your front door; the prices ore very reasonable
and the property is sure to enhance In value;
tend for plat and prices.
CLAY ST. FLATS.
Near Baker; tunny aide of street; 6 and 7
nvsis; 2 years old; rented to good tenants for ;
$75; price $£>500.
DOWNTOWN.
California, east of Kearny: 4-story brick
bulidln?: rented for $200 per month; should be \
raised; no leases; price $40,0C0.
Send for our Hit of cheap lots In all parts ef I
the city. We have for sale several fine de- ;
¦lrabl* residences In the Western Addition.
HOAG A LANSDALE.
108 Montgomery st.. S. F.
Take an auto ride with us
Over our offerings of home lots.
We have a very large assortment
Both north and south of
GOLDEN GATE PARK.
From First ave. to the ocean boule\-ard.
Lots from $150 up.
$10 per month.
Some flne bargain* In corner* facing Cj« Park.
You will do well to get our list before buying, j
Your special attention 1* called to
A NEW BLOCK \
Only a minute'* walk from
Children'* Playground.
OFFERED IN SUBDIVISIONS.
ON TERMS TO SUIT.
FRONTING ON H ST.. GOLDEN GATE
PARK, THIRD AND FOURTH AVES.
Thla block is without question the best of '
Parnassus Heights; all graded, bitumen street,
concrete sidewalk; main sewer In street; side .
- sewer to property line of each lot; early com-
ers will get first choice. I
The best speculation on the market; temper- '
ary office on the block: open all day Sunday;
remember, the block faces the Park and H st.,
between Third and Fourth ave*.
G. A. TURNER ft CO.. 312 Montgomery *t.
$200— LOTS n<ar 23d st. a.nd Corbett ave. ;
$850 — Lots on Duncan st., between Sanchea I
and Noe; level; all street work. done. i
$1100 — An excellent buslne** corner, 1 block j
from 24th-et. car line.
RICHMOND AND SUNSET DISTRICTS.
$.130— Lot* on A st., b't. 18th and 19th avea.
?<;<¦<>•— Lots on 14th ave., 2 blocks from U-st.
car l!ne.
$110o — East line of 7th ave., near Clement
<key lot).
ALL ON EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Take a look at the flats we are building on
2itb St.. near Douglass; we con duplicate them !
for you or make changes to suit you; you get
as good a deal from us on easy monthly pay-
ments as you get elsewhere for cash.
WEISSBEIN UROS. * CO.. HOME
PROVIDERS.
610 Sacramento et.
FOR sale— Artistic home, near park: 6 rooms
bath, servants' room, conservatory; stable)
chicken house, yard for cow; large lot; three
minute* from four car lines; all as good aa j
new; owner leaving city; open Sunday. 650 I
Ninth ave.. between B and C sts.
FOR sale, cheap— Neat cottage. 4 room* and
bath: large basement; terms same as rent.
Apply owner, lumber yard, cor. Army and
Condon sts.
rOIXT niCHMOSD REAL ESTATE.
POINT RICHMOND.
REICHERT A McKENZIE.
201 Mutual Savings Bank Building, S. F.
Richmond ave., near depot. Point Richmond
We are now closing aut all the lot* not
sold in the Bay View Addition; 'these lots ad-
join the Standard Oil refinery; also Southern
Pacific property, and the moat Important fea- I
ture being on the water front.
A deal Is now being perfected and may pass
any minute wherein the tldeland muddle will
be settled "ftr.d when this ha* been accom-
plished the great number of shipper* who
have been struggling to secure these lands
will commence to build wharves and ware-
houses along with the project of tha Southern
Pacific will make Point Richmond the greatest
shipping point on San Francisco Bay.
Prices are bound to soar skyward Imme-
diately upon the consummation of the tldeland
desl. •
You have no time to lose; get in now on
the around floor and secure the enhancement
of values that is bound to follow. j
Lots $'J75. $25 down and $6 per month.
Make your selection* now while the best of
property Is at your disposal. •
We will show you the property at our ex- f
pense; call or write us for maps and further I
particulars. !
REICHERT & McKKNZIE. ' «
. - Sole Agents.
201 Mutual Savings Bank Building-. 9. F.
Richmond ave.. .near depot. Point Richmond.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Etege, on Santa Fe
and electric roads; land $3C0 per acre; lets
60x2(4) at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings. $400 per acrV; monthly payments-
send for maps, etc. HAIGHT. 401 Cal.st..8.F.
SANTA CatrZ EEAL ESTATE.
IT SEEMS IMPOSSIBLE,
but it is nevertheless true, that we have ths
following exceptional effer to-day: •
10 full-sised lots, good location, near elec-
tric car tine <4 corner lots): house of 5 rooms,
barn, chlcken-housts. chickens, horse buffer
fruit trees, vegetable pajeb. lawn and choice
flowers, stove wool for 3 years, caroets and
furniture, for the low price of $2350.
ADAMS ~& BARRY.
Real Estate Broker*.
Ill PACIFIC AVENUE.. SANTA CRUZ.
PROPERTY WANTED. ~ ' !
WANTED— Fcr cash; 2 to 4 acres of good land,
low! SirofflSS '»*"*•»•'"•• C. R.. box"
>««*». KSTATE CITY--FOH SAMS.
SHA1NWALD, BUCKBEE A CO..
- 218 and 220 Montgomery st..
Mills building.
$10.«K>— Filbert St., near Hyde; fine marine
view; residence of 10 rooms ana Dam.
lot 46x137:0 ft.
$45,000— Pcwell-st. corner, near Bush: three
frontaees; lot 47:6x60 feet; a rare in-
vestment; improvements, rooming-nouse
or 15 rooms.
$:S.0CO— Bu8h-«t. flats, northwest corner of
Pierce: 3 new flat* on corner and resi-
dence on Pierce »t.; 7 and 8 rooms in
flats; 8 rooms and bath in «sidence.
renta about $^00 per month; lot suviiw.
always rented.
$7.000— Broadway, nr. Devlsadero: flne site for
residence; lot 3S:0 feet rront; grand ma-
rine view; a bargain.
?2C,500— Fifth st.. near Folsom: new three-
story and basement building containing
store and lodging-house of 48 rooms
above; 2 tenants; rent $175 per month;
guaranteed leases; lot 25x100 feet: pays
over 0 per cent; extraordinary invest-
ment.
$7.500— Broadway, near Flllmore; flne lot 30*
137:6 feet: unobstructed marine view;
price reduced from $8500.
J9.75O— McAllister »t.; three new flats of fl
rooma and bath each; lot 25x100 feet;
b*autlfully finished? throughout; this Is
' a snap; pays 11 per cent.
$6.000— Devisadero. near Hatght: reeidence. 8
rooms and bath; lot 25x125.
$7,500— Howard St.. near Eighth; 3 flats rent-
ing for $64 5o per month; lot 25x85 feet.
$7,6C0 — Union-st. corner, near Devlsadero;
elegant marine view; lot 52:6x110 feet;
mult b* nold.
$11,000— Jackson-it, residence of 11 rooms and
bath; modern In every way; lot 25x
127:»& JeeL
$6,160— Scott St., near Waller; flne residence
of 0 room* and bath; would rent for
$60 per month; lot 25x116:3 feet; being
sacrificed on account of owner 1 * depart-
ure from city.
43.250 each— Filbert, near Scott; magnificent
marine view; lots 27:«xl37:6 each and
comer 55x137:6 feet; 1-6 cash, balance
on easy term*.
$17.000— 2d-st. corner, nr. Harrison. 70xS5 ft.:
flne site for factory or warehouse pur-
poses.
G«f a copy of our printed Hit of properties
for vale.
' SHA1NWALD, BUCKBEE CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery st.. Mill* bid.
LYON A HOAG. MOyTOoanat ~
Send for our printed list of property for sole
in all sections of the city.
BIO BARGAIN SOUTH OF MARKET.
1 $6500 — Rents $316; 5 flats of 3 room* and
bath each: on Harrison at., near Fifth; good
modern plumbing; everything In good shape;
a Kt>od, permanent investment.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
: $5860— 3 flne fiats. 4-6-6 rooms and bath; lot
25x137 :fi. on Golden Gat* ave.. not far from
Devlsadero at.
FLATS INSIDE FILLMORE ST.
$0150—3 flats on Webster St.. near Haight.
of 4-4-5 room* and bath each; rented $61S; this
Is a bit: bargain.
COTTAGE NEAR TOWN.
$2500 — Home of 6 rooms and bath; modern
plumbing: rented low at $17 M); Broadway,
near Taylor St.; flne marine vit-w.
FLATS INSIDE VAN NESS.
$G0CO— 2 fine flats oa sunny side of street;
recently remodeled and. put In flret-class con-
dition; containing 4 and 5 rooms and bath;
rent $46 50; this street will eventually be busl-
ines* property, so land Is bound to increase In
RESIDENCE WESTERN ADDITION.
$6150— Submit otter; flne residence on
Halght St., near Buena Vista Park, containing
7 large rooms and bath; flne views; large deep
lot; owner roust eell; no reasonable offer re-
futed.
LYON A HOAG, •
116 Montgomery st.
$400 TO $800 EACH.
GREAT BIG LOTS.
NONE LESS THAN 60x120.
EASY TERMS.
Near the station In Mill Valley. Why buy
a small lot In a noer neighborhood when you
can secure a flne large lot same distance from
your work, surrounded by desirable neighbors,
splendid cllinat*. fine water, schools., etc. Call
or write for Illustrated booklet, prices, etc.
LYON * HOAG.
116 Montgomery at.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
PANY. 410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FKOM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
"A PURCHASER OF PROPERTY OR
MORTGAGEE taking a policy of title insur-
ance In the California Title Insurance and
Trust Company has the advantage of an exam-
ination mode by skilled experts, backed by
the guarantee of the company and coupled
with a great «a,vlns of time and expense.
THERE IS BUT ONE WAY TO ATTAIN
PERFECT security In purchasing or taking a
mortgage on res.1 estate, and that Is to have
the' title insured.
THE ONLY 8AN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY havlnc: a complete lo-
callty plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for insuring real <£tate
titles like modern plants of New York. Boston.
Chicago and Eastern oltirn; reasonable rates,
regular trust company business transacted
unilrr State charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of Balfdur, Guthrle A Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
Manager Anglo-Calirornian Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney tk Oln»y, Atty's and Counselors.
CHARLES PACK.
Pare, McCutchen A Knl:ht. Atty's.
A. T. S POTTS,
Msrr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING,
Capitalist, SoO California at.
.DAVIDSON & LEIGH, 207 Montgomery st.
Opposite Mills Inilldlnj entrance.
Rents collected. Telephone Main 123.
J20,noo— Renti $2400 p«r year; magnificent
S-i tory building on Port St.; close in; lot 50x
137:6: contain* 33 rooms, and Is under guar-
anteed lease: this is one of the finest proposi-
tions ever offered In the way of a downtown
Investment.
$12,300— Rents $1320 ptr year; 3 magnificent
bay-window flats close to the Park Panhandle; |
six months old; all rented: these flata have
been reduced from fi-.Tfirt In order to secure
an Immediate rale; lot 25x125.
ffi2.'>0 — Rents M2 50 per month; 2 handsome
fiats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath tach; In the
Mission warm belt: sxtremely largt lot. 25x
112:6. to rear street; modern In every respect
and In excellent condition; a rare bargain.
$4460— Brand new 2-atory cottage, 7 rooms,
bath: large basement, garden, barn and chick-
en-house; on the funny side of Guerrero St.;
wooden mantels, electric bells and lights; por-
calaln bath, tile sink and every possible con-
venience any one would dtstr* In a n«w
home; lot 22x100; terms to suit.
DAVIDSON * LEIGH, 207 Montgomery st.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 MARKET ST.
$2600— Good S-ruom and bath cottage: lot
32:6 ft. front; near Valencia and 23d.
$6700 — 6 flats of 4 rooms each: good condi-
tion; rents |71 CO; $3700 cash; cheap. '
? 1800 — Good cottagt of 4 rooms; large lot.
$8500— Modern residence; opposite Alam> I
square; flne view: key lot: bargain.
HOUSES and lots tn air parts or the city:
some good bargains; alsf in Berkeley and
Alameda: call or write for what you want.
ROTHERMEL A CO., 507 California tt.
$1600 — Must sell; cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
cor. lot, SOxlCO. 2 Capital ave.. Ocean View.
FREE homestiad presented by Uncle Bam^un-
' der new Government canal In Nevada. See
J. E. pORDON. 628 Crossley bldg.. 2:30 to &
p. m. dally. ._•_--¦ « '
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full coat of build-
Ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank,
107-8 Crocker building. ;. ; \
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH A MAYER. Plumbers. 636 Howard it.
n:.\i. i:»t\tk city — fob, balk.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO _
. , ¦ ods MARKET ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY. JUNE 28. 1004,
At our salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
No. HIS Post st.. west of Polk st.; lot 27:Gx
120 feet,- through, to CfJar sve. ; Improvements
consist <if an elegant 10-room dwelling, steam-
heated throughout, latest modern plumbing,
running water in each room, high basement,
conservatory and large garden.
INVESTMENT FI.ATS.
Nos. 760, 7«2. 764 6th ave., north of D st.;
lot 27x120 feet; improvements consist of a 3-
stnry building containing 4 separate flats of
4-4-7-8 rooms and bath; rent $76 per month;
mcrUage of $4C00 ean remain.
8HOTWELL-STREET INVESTMENT,
west line of Shotwell /st., north of 20th:
lot 30x122:6 feet; Improvements consist of a
dwelling occupied and used as a Chinese wash-
house; rent $15 per mo.; msrtgage of $1000
can remain.
PARK PANHANDLE BUILDING LOT.
Northerly line of Fell St.. 81:3 feet east of
Cole; lot 2.1x100 feet; this lot is directly oppo-
site tho park ¦ panhandle, a very short distance
from the park proper; situated on the sunny
side o? the street, and Is one of the very few
lots obtainablt on this desirable stre«t; mort-
gage $2100 Owman- Savings Bank, can recaa'ln.
SACRAMENTO-STREET FLATS.
No. 3735 Sacramento at., west of Spruce:
lot 27:tfxl32:7«4 feet; improvements consist of
4 desirable flats containing 4-4-6-5 rooms, mod-
em plumblns. porcelain bath, flush toilets,
nickel-plated trimmings: modern in every re-
spe;t; excellent surroundings; rent $72 per
month: mortgage of $.1500 can remain; title
gunranteed: sidewalk patent concrete; street
I bituxninlzed; built only a years. '
_ MISSION COTTAGE,
West lint Goettlngen St.. north of Silver ave..
b-ins between Sliver ave. and Stlltman St.:
lot COxlCO fe»t; improvements consist ot a new
coUBRe containing 6 rocms and porcelain bath.
finished basement, rooms all expensively paint- I
ed and fr*scoed; large stable for 8 horses, hay
lofis. *tc. ; take the Foltom-street ear and
transfer at 28th and Folsom sU. to the 8an
Bruno road car*.
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
No. 628 8th ave., north of C«L; lot 28:10«A
xl20 feet. Irregular; Improvements consist of aa
elns-ant li£. story cottage containing 6 rooms,
porcelain bath, 2 flush toilets; modern stable,
hay lofts, etc; take the McAllister and Geary
street cars; this cottage is built less than a
year; positively th» mott beautifully laid out
residence In this entlrt district.
nrSH-STREET FLATS. *
Nrs. 2«2H. SC2BA Bush St.. east of Broderick:
lot 2t:6xl37:6 feet; improvements consist of»2
flats containing 7 rooms and bath each; stable
In the rear; r»nt $51 per month.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS. .
will be sold to cIoim the estate of David R.
Jones, deceased, subject to confirmation of the
Superior Court. The following lots will be
sold In block 59, Horner's Addition, bounded
by «.Tiurch. Dolores. 26th and Army sU.; lots
8, 4. 5. 6, 7, 8, SO, 31, 32, 3J, 34, as per dia-
erftm.
ALSO
Lots in block 62, same addition, as per dla-
Ta'iV vi* h 2 ' 3> *' 5# 6> 7 ' 8l 10> llf 12 *
EASTON', ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 MARKET ST.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET
ORAND AUCTION SALE
EXTRAORDINARY.
8P0— VILLA LOTS— 300.
300— VILLA LOTS— 300.
800— VILLA LOTS— 300.
AT
FRUITVALE.
FRUITVALB.
FRUITVALE.
Bale to Uke place Saturday, June 25, at 3
p. m.. on the property bounded by Redwood
road. School and Davis streets.
The Fru'.tvale Addition will b* sold positively
without reserve or limit. Lots averaging 60x150
feet.
Most liberal terms ot credit. Only one-quar- i
ter cash. Balance 6-12-18 months.
LABOR IN THE CITY AND SLEEP IN THE !
COUNTRY. j
HALF-HOURLY TRAINS. I
COMMUTATION ONLY $3.00 PER MONTH.
Remember the date. SATURDAY, JUNB 25.
Bread Gusce boat transferring to the Broad ,
Gauge Southern Pacific Railroad to Frultvale.
For further particulars apply to !
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market street.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.
633 MARKET 3T.
$25,000— Entire block of land facing the j
Ocean Beach boulevard; were this property
eubdlvlded into building lots a handsome profit j
could be made
$30,000— Pacific St.. ea_t of Kearny, 4«xl37:6 J
feet, with 2-story brick building thereon: rent- i
Ing for $180 per month. i
$17,600— Rents $1880 per annum; 6 brand j
new flats. 5 rooms and bath; ore strictly mod- '
eni and substantially built; mortgage of $8000 ¦
can remain: beautiful neighborhood; close to .
Duboce Park. ¦ • |
$19,000 — NE. corner of Jones it-, overlook- !
Ing the bay. Alcatrsz Island and Marin Coun- j
ty; 4 substantial 2-story basement houses of j
10 rooms and bath each; total rent $118 per I
month. •
, $12,500 — Hyde St.. near Butter; flne key lot .
¦with a 2-itory residence containing 10 rooms
and bath; rent $C0 per month.
$12,000— North Beach Investment; Filbert st..
near Mason; 4 flne flats, 5-6 rooms and bath;
rear house of 7 rooms; rent $85 per month; I
lot 40:6x137:6 feet.
$12,000— SW. corner of Ninth St.: store and '
flats: rents $71 50 per month. ' j
$8500 — 2 new modern flata of 8-6 room* and ;
bath; finished bancment with 4 rooms; al*o
finished attic of - rooms; rent very low at
$77; Pag* St., near the Golden Gats Park. ¦
$80C0 — 3 new flats of 6 rooms and bath; I
built less than six months; Capp st.. near j
Twenty- fifth. . i
$6500 — A business corner on Twentieth St., {
improved with a first-class store, occupied as .
a grocery store; flats above containing tt rooms
and bath; range In the kitchen: Urge base-
ment; brick -foundation: al30 stable and loft
for hones; rent $C0 per month; this property
easily worth $7500. \
$5650 — A handsome 2-story residence con-
taining 6 rooms and hath, laundry, etc.; beau- :
tlful garden prettily laid out; home stand* '
elevated so as to command an unsurpassed
view; granite steps and bulkhead; only one-
quarter of a block from Almo Square. • !
$5250— Cottage on Oak St.. 6 rooms and
bath: one room In basement and one in attic. ;
$4400 — The cheapest flats that have ever |
been offered for sale in the Mission: 2 iik.iI-
ern sunny flats of 5-6 rooms and bath; all
large sunny rooms; cozy style of architecture;
permanently rented for $10 per month; should j
bring $50. '
$:t»00 — Pine St.. near Webster: cottage of 5
rooms; renting for $21. j
$ .17,-0 — Positively the most beautiful cottage '
In the Mission; Twenty- third st.: contains 7
rooms and bath; also finished attic; $2200
mortgage; would eHslly rent for $50 per month.
$3600— A new onttarre with 5 rooms and bath
on Twenty-ieennd at
A FEW PICK UPS IN BUILDING LOTS.-'
WHICH ARE ABSOLUTELY SACRIFICES- .
$5250 — Sutter St., east of Steiner; 27:6x
137:6 feet. !
$2000 — Brodtrlck St., south of Grove; 26-f«et J
frontage. . _ . . ,
$250«>— SE. cor on the Ocean Beach boule- !
varfl. 100x107:9 feet in depth; the most de-
sirable site for a road house; easily worth
$3750. •
$1CCO each— McAllister St.. near Broderick: •
:; fine building lots. j
$1250 — Desirable bulMinK lot on Seventeenth '
St., near Hattie: street work all done; eew-
ered and ready for building. '
$1000— NW. corner en Twelfth ave., 57:8x
100 feet. . '
$000 tach— Fifteenth gve.. near C at.; 2
lots; owner compelled to tell. I
$400 each— South of the park district; 2
first-class lots, well situated: will become
valuable ere long; purchase these and deed
them to the little ones; only 2 left; owner j
mu8t sell. i
$250 each— 2 fin* lots In the Mission dls- ;
trlct; Gift Map No. 3; well situated; with a
positive future.
$125 — Building lot; near the ocean; south of
EASTON. ELDRIDGE * CO.,
638 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Our new office at Oceanslde attracts attention.
But nothing like our new lot*.
Everybody wants them; celect on* quick.
$500 to $1200— easy terms.
On car line and fronting park: unobstructed
view of ocean; all graded, ready to build on.
"Oceanslde" Branch Office cor. 47th ave.
and H st. Open Sundays and holidays.
$75 to $230— Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
$2*0 to J1C00 — Choicest Richmond lots; In-
stallments.
$150 to $450— Level Excelsior Homestead lots.
$950 to $5000 — Modern cottages In Sunset.
Richmond. Oceanslde and Excelsior Home-
stead; easy, terms.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H st.
8OL GETZ A SON, - Owners and Dealers,
Room 64, Fourth Floor, Chronicle Building. '
$1 25 PER week: no Interest; lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
en; close to electric cart and school. •
. W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery et., room 6.
FIVE-ROOM cottage;. ' porcelain plumbing,
modern Improvements, laundry, yard; rent
$25; north side of O'Farrell st.; $3600 only.
Inquire . 1301 Devlsadero Bt.
FOR: SALE— ELEGANT FLATS; up to date-
terms to suit purchasers: large lot* on Fred-
• ¦ erlck. west of Wlllard. Sam Gloss, builder,
on premise*.
¦HKU, 1 $C«tVtV 4 ITV— KOII « M.*~.
G. H. CMESEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery Et
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
. AUCTION.
j AUCTION.
I Of Investment, residence end country prop-
i erty. to be he!<i at ocr saUsroom. 20 Montgom-
ery st.. Monday. June 70 at 12 o'clock noon.
JOHN O'KEEFE ESTATE.
Admlnlrtratrix Sales.
The following properties must -be sola to
cloee abov* ettate. /Subject to confirmation
J by the Superior Court
NO. 1.
; Northwest corner ef Bryant and Eighth sts.:
| Improvements conslrt of two «tore« and four
I flat*; rents $I0» per month; lot 5OxS5.
NO. 2.
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY.
360 acres, more or less, being portion of the
Rancho Las Juntas or Welch ranch, on the
public road leading from Pacheco to Walnut
Creek; more than half the land is of the beat
! sediment soil and the balance is rolling, but
all tillable.
HOWARD-STREET FLATS.
2110A-B Howard st.. east line, between 8»v-
enteenth and Eighteenth; 3 modern fl»ts of 7-*.
rooms and bath each; rented low at $86 per
! month; lot ?5xl?2:6.
i 8HOTWELL-ST. FLATS.
324-6- H Shotwell st., west line, between
! Seventeenth and Eighteenth: 3 modern flats of
I ."•-« rooms and bath each; rented low at $£0 60
: per month; lot 25x122:6.
MORRIS-AVE. INVESTMENT. ?
j 7 Morris ave.. east lin». between Harrison
] and Bryant. Fifth and Sixth sts.: improve-
ment* rcnslst of two-ttory house arranged in
2 flats of 4-5 rooms each; rent $32 to per
month; lot 25xSQ.
HARR1SON-ST. COTTAGE.
1377 Harrison »t.. south line, between Ninth
' and Tenth; improvements consist of a cottace
- of 4 rooms on rear end of lot; ample room tot
another building: lot 25x100
FORECLOSURE 8ALE.
732 Pacific St., between Dupont and Stotkton;
j frame improvements consist of store and lodg-
i ir.g-nouse; rents $35 per month: 16:9^x117:6.
MIS8ION COTTAGE.
4604 Eighteenth st.. north line, between
' Hattie and Danvera: a modern cottare of 4
' rooms and bath; large b&cement: lot 25xS0.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
406 Thirtieth st.. north line, between San-
chez and Noe; Impioveinents consist of a twj.-
story bay-window dwelling of 8 rooma ani
bath: lot 25x114
ALAMEDA COUNTY RANCH.
Referee Sale.
The following ranch must be sold, subject
! to confirmation by the Superior Court. No
' Increased bid can be offered in court after
j this eeJ*.
This ranch Is located 4 miles northeast of
' Livennore, consist* of 3S5 acres being portion
of sections 3 and 4, township 3 south, range
east. M. D. B. M. ; also the tight of way 25
feet wide over the road as at present traveled,
from the northerly ltae of the above described
: property to the county road near school house
on the northerly portion of said section 3.
For further particular* apply I
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
| 20 Montgomery st.
! G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
Real Ectate Agent*.
1 $55,000 — Rent $275 per month; elegant corner
on Golden Gate ave. ; 4 elegant bouses
¦ of 10 rooms each and 1 house of 7
rooms on rear street; mortgage $40,000
can remain; $5x120 to rear street. 10404
$33,500— Rent $2340 per annum; a splendid
! corner on Laguna St. ; Improvements
consist of stores, flata and houses; lot
33x120, with L 50x48 on rear St. 10505
! $23,000 — Splendid business corner on 16th st. ;
improvement* consist of 8-story brick
; building and 2-story frame, renting for
$1848 per annum; mortgage $10,000 can
remain; site 80x80.
$15,000— A splendid piece of south of Market
st. property; close to R. R. depot; rents
$1122 per annum; double cottage of 7
rooms each, store and 2 flata; a corner
with 3 frontages, brick foundation, etc.;
83x160.
$12,750— Rents $1242 per annum: Oak St.; flat*
of 6 rooms and bath each and 2 flats
on rear street of 4-3 rooms and .bath,
each; 25x120.
$12,600 — Modernly finished residence of II
rooms and bath, acd basement of 3 j
rooms, bay windows, brick foundation. '
etc.. on Fulton St.: corner. 10013 I
$ll,500--3 elegant flats on Webster et. of 0
rooms and bath each; rented low at '
$1176 per annum; large frontage; mort-
gage can remain.
$S,250— Henu $816 per annum: Waller-st.
flat* of 6-9 rooms, new and In splendid
condition: lot 137:6 deep; 22:6x137:6:
bay windows, etc 10607
R7.5OO— 2 very nice flat* on Flllmore St.. 6-6
rooms and bath each; rented very low
at $.'»5 per month; 25x110. 10218
$5,000 — Rents $570 per annum; 2 Richmond
flats, close tn. of 5-6 rooms and bath
each, with mortgage of $3800. which can
remain. ,
i $4.150— Rents $520 per' annum; 2 new modern
', flats, bay windows, high finished base-
ment, etc.; large lot. 120 feet deep.
$2.250 — Elegant building lot on Carl St.:
splendid neighborhood: 25x137:6; street
bltumlnlzed and accepted by the city.
10622
$2,250 — Residence near 3d and Folsom sts., 7
rooms, porcelain bath, etc; everything
modern: rent f22.
| For further particulars of the above and for
the "Real Estate Record," containing a list of
properties for sale in alt parts of the city, in-
quire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montromery st.
R*al Kstate Agents and Auctioneers.
C. M. WOOSTER COT] 64S MARKET ST.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
$4100 — Two modern flats, 5-0 rooms, porcelain
baths, brick foundation, etc.: large lot, 27:10*4
xl!5 to rear street: rirnts $510 per annum: on
Shotwell st.
$15,000— New modern 3-story and basement
apartment houee of 42 rooma, etc.: leased for
$3000 per annum net: lot 27:6xl37f6; on Ellis
st.. bet. Taylor and Jonea.
$6000 — Two new modern flats; rent $400; on
8th ave.. near Golden Gate Park; lot 25x120.
$0000 — Two modern flats, 6 rooms and bath,
and cottage. 4 rooms and b«th on rear street;
i lot 27x120; on Hayes «t., near Buchanan; rent*
$S«0.
$29.000— Reduced to force sale; 6 modern
flats; 3 houses and 2 large stables: on Pacific
et.. near Larkln; renta $200 month; lot Six
137:0.
$21.000— 24 :7HxC8:9; Sutter St.. near Jones.
$$000— 2 beautiful modern flata, C-7 rooms
and bath; on the very best part of Frederick
•t. : rents $870; lot 20x128; this Is exceptional
value.
$2600 — Handsome house of 7 rooms and iinth:
barn for 6 horEes; street bltumlnlzed, etc.: on
Alabama st.. near 28th; lot 25x100; rents $204;
Improvements rhculd be remodeled Into flats.
Reduced to forre sale $52,600; nine new mod-
ern Cats; well built: r*nted low. $5172 p<r
. annum; en Washington tt., near Van Ness
ave.; lot 77:6xl27:8Vi.
$5250 — Two new modern flats, 6-5 rooma and
bath on Masonic ave., near Frederick- lot 25x
1C0; renta $540.
PAYS $840 NOW.
Ehould bring easily $10C0 per annum: key lot
from 4th st. ; 6 modern flats; good plumbing;
brick foundation; high basement, etc.: lot
24xS0; north side of Natoma st.; price $7000;
a coat of paint would make this property sell
for ?9000.
81S.600 — An elegant southwest corner: busi-
ness property: 82x100; store aad 3 flats of
B-S-8 rooms; modem; renting extremely low for
$1500 t>er annum; only $3500 cash required.
$13,000— Modern 2-story reeidence on Bush
«t., near Hyde; bringing In an Income of $1200
per annum net; 27:0x137:6.
C, M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 MARKET ST.
SONNTAG BROTHER8. '
Peal Estate Agents,
232 Montgomery at.
! $17,500— A magnificent residence; flne lot, hav- !
ing marine view; 12 rooms and bath;
servants' room, bllllard-roorn, etc.; Val-
lejo ft.
$17.500— An elegant new residence of 12 rooms,
S baths; billiard-room; hardwood floors;
modern In every respect; good view; on
Van Ness ave.
$15,500 — 3 swell flats, new. on Geary st. ; close
In. within walking distance of the busi-
ness portion of city: paying $1500 per
year.
$12,300—8 elegant fiats, new. having flne ma-
rine view: on Union *t.; within 10 min-
utes' walk of business center of city
pays $1280 a year.
: $10,000 — 2 flne flats on key lot; paying $77 50
j per month; on Page *t.; overlooking
I Park: offer entertained.
$10,COO — 8 swell flat* on De Long ave. ; modern
In every particular; about completed-
very substantially built. ¦
$7,000 — 3 swell flats: dose to Duboce Park;
paving dividend of $780 per year; al-
ways rented; a bargain.
$7,000 — 2 swell new flats on Sacramento st •
.", paying $780 per year; price Is excep-
tionally cheap.
$6.200 — ? flats with high boaement, brick
* ... foundation; pay* $684 per year; on Bry-
ant et.; always occupied.
jr., 250 — A flne corner on 8telner and Green*
$55x110; an absolute bargain.
MARION GRIFFIN 1 .
Opportunity of a lifetime to buy.
A home at almost half value.
Three new cottares, 0. B and 7 rooms and
hath each; concrete foundation; large lots,
TOxl2S feet each; on line of street cor*. San
Jose ave.: 20 minutes from City Hall; prices
*1«.V>. , $1MOO and <2250; small cash payment,
balance a* rent; these cottage* must be sold
at once, therefore will sacrifice.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 40fl, Kxamlner building, San Francisco.
$1100. ONLY — A coxy cottage, 4 rooms; large
basement; chicken houses, etc.
'. $2300 — 8even-room cottare; 4 lots on a cor-
ner; ornamental hedge; vegetable and flower
garden: chicken houses, barns, etc: term* easy.
Choice leve' lots. ?200; near cam.
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa St., Ocean View.
SEVERAL flne 'lot* In Richmond dUtrlct
rheap: rood opportunity for borne builders.
2153 Steiner tt., afternoons, - i
JQI1X I>. Sl'll ECK CI^^i I?ro;>rletor
Ad<;refs Ccmmuni.-atlrns to
\V. J. MAMTIX 3uslnc*a Manager
TEX DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify Tlie Call Office If You Mis*
Your Paper.
If for uny caree TEE CAX.& Is not de-
lirerea rejnCarly to subscriber* P le «*
call up "CAX.7, E3CCKAHGE" ana notify
Subscription Clerk In charge. Tonx com-
plaiat trill receive; proicpt attention.
A Btandinr reward of Tea Dollart
(S1CO0) is cffer*4 for th« arrest and
ccrvicticn of any oa« oaarht st*aUaf
_•*. u Ci-i.
TELEPHONE.
Atk for TUE CALL. 1 he Operator WU1 Con-
nect You With the Department \cu Wlsn.
Pfcbtlcaticn Orflce Market and Third. P- F.
Editorial Ilooui* 217 to -"21 Stevenson St.
l>:2vered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per J^eeX I6
etfc. Per Monti. .S.E.It Copies » *r ri-in.
Term* by Mail Including Postage (Cash >win
Order.) : .. -.
DA1LT CALL unclud. Suroay). 1 >* aT --*M2
DAILY CALL (in.lud. Sunday). « mos... «_w
DAILY <-ALL— By tingle Month «"»e
FIMUY CALL. I Year r-|~
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year K"I*4V5»2
FOREIGN I g£fc y ;»i3 K; 85 E«rl
POSTAGE. | wSSSP: 1U> l'er Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS AHli AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Cer'-M will be forwarded when re-
£ue^ed.
Mail Furrcr.ber* in oVJerlng tfcanBe o. ad-
dress should be particular to rive both -N iiV»
AND OLJ.> ABW.ESS la order to insure a
prcirpt anj correct compliance wiUi th«ir re-
Qcest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
101« Broa<!wa> Telephone Mtln 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: __
214* Center fctreel Telephone North . .
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMVKL W. WALL .^Hctel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WeJflcrf-Astona Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Tclon Square; Murray Hill Hotel: Flfth-ave-
cue Hctel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bheman House- P. O. News Co.; Great -
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hctel; 1'alaier House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEOKGE KROGNESS-.ManjuMte Bul!«!ng
CLosg D-.stance Telephone, "Central 2618.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. S1HTU «0 Tribune BuUfllng j
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square j
Et'EINEFS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Can. corner Market and Third streets; open ;
tnUl 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IKS Market ttreet. opposite Fifth; open until;
11 v- m.
C27 Moctrcmery street, corner Clay; ope*,
urtll 8:30 p. m.
Ray«sj street; open until 9:30 p. m.
•'^a McAHirter street : open until 9:30 p. m.
?'25 Lerkln street; cpen until 9:10 p. m.
1P41 Wlsslnu ttreet: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
'-rtii 0 r>. rn. i
Ki6 Eleventh §tr**t: open until 9 p. m.
10S>6 Valencia street; op»n until 9 p. m.
ycrthcatt <-orn»r Church and Duncan streets; j
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest ccrner of Twenty-second and Ken- '
tucky -.•¦¦—•* pp cn until 9 p. m.
2200 ruirecre ftrret; open until 9 p. rn.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LKAVING TOWN
TOD THE SUMMER.
C/.T,Tj subscribers contemplating: a ¦;
char. ere of recidexce dnxlufcr the summer
mcr.thr ran have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify-
:::? T2E CAX.Ii Business OSce. This
paper trill alro be on sale at all summer
r.-scrts and ia represented by a local
MfCtt In ?.:: tcsras oa. th* cccst. j
ItCAlj KSTATE — CITY — FOK SALE, j
ilADISON & UlUKE.
T.EAL ESTATE AGENTS. :
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858.
SO Montgcemay »t Opposite Lick House. |
$12.W0— Pi*t st_: two lar*e well constructed
Bout*:; very large lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$9.U0U— 4 fats and store below; near Sixth
hi . Br*nnan StOVJ rent $8S per month;
new building.
fS.OOO— Aehliury st.. nesr Frederick; a fine \
farce 10-room bouse: near the Park; '
t'llliard-ruom. finished kttic and all ,
modem convenience*.
fJ'.',T5(i — Pace et.; 2 u^-to-date flats, fl and 7
rooms and bath; annual rent (300.
J3,2r>0 — Beaver st., near Noe; beautiful cot-
tage, just the thing for a small family;
f.ce garden.
$3,100— Noe. n«-ar Market; a nice cottsge <
cheap to dote estate; 29x120.
|4,000 — Tenth rt.. near Harrison; let 25x100; 1
rent $32. ,
$4,750 — Two new flats; Vermont et., near '
22J; rents $43 per month; must be sold. I
LOTS
$4.irv-> — Flllmcre st.,« near Grove; lot 25x '
107:6.
$1,600— I4th aw. and A st., cor.. 120 feet on
the new Park Panhandle.
$5,000—2 fine lots; Beulah near Stanyan-
&Cxl37 :C.
$3,&00 — Tremont ave.. west line; 6-room cot-
tage in flne condition; near Frederick st. ;
$l.S2i>— Harriet St., near Brannan; lot and 2- I
•tory bouse; must sell.
11.800— Harrison St.. near 2Sth; fine cottage. !
6 rooms and bath; lot 2Sxl>0; cheap:
$4.500 — Chattanooga et., near Twenty-third; !
large lot.. 65x117:6 to rear street.
Lota 27:6x137:6. on Sutter et.. between Steiner
and Pierce.
Bullfiirr lot. NE. corner Golden Gate ave. *
and Baker St.; in sizes to suit; prices
from tZOOO upward.
Three lots, each 27:«xl37:6, on south line of
Geary st.. near Flllmore.
MADISON A BCRKE.
80 Montgomery et.. opp. Lick House.
¦. GETZ. ROOM 22. CHRONICLE BLDG.
OWNER AND DEALER.
NETT BLOCK! NEW BLOCK!
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
21*t ave.. bet. Clement and Point Lob©*.
BUILDERS. ATTENTION! ! !
21*t ave.— Graded, Sewered. Gas and Water
Lois graded ani level to build homes on
Eargalny Bee them at once. Very easy terms.
tZTA to $1201— Sunset Heights lots— 5 up a
month.
$250 to $500 — North of the Park lots
Opposite Bpreckels lake and new
speed track.
$350 t» $SGO— Nineteenth -ave boulevard lots-
$5 monthly.
$60 to $C5Q — Ocean Heights and Oceanslde
level lou. Ensendid view— $3
monthly paymenu.
$150 up — Excelsior Homestead level
lots; city water; fine car service;
$j monthly. .
$75 to $100— Ocean View lot*: level to build
on; rity water; your own terms;
see them.
$:OCf> to $5000 — Cottages and houses; monthly
payments.
CALL AT MY OFFtCE— ROOM 22 2d floor.
CHRONICLE BUILDING. ' !
NliLSON. JOHNSON A CO.. ~~
203 Montsomery st.. opp. Mills bldg. ;
BARGAINS H»* r.CAL ESTATE,
rorccliwure. Probate and Forced Eales of All
Kinds will be Focnd In Our
UP-TO-DATE BUYERS* GUIDE.
An Illustrated monthly catalogue, containing
• carefully selected list of cbeape&t properties
offered on the market In every location. Send
us your addrvti and we will mall you one.
NKLSON. JOHNSON & CO..
303 Moatcoraerr rt.. opp. Mills bldg.
WHITE & BAYLEY,
fr'uccr-sKors to W. J. White. "•
*.",oo — Ix»ts! SSxlZS; n?llevue et.: near cars.
$575 — KUzabetli: nr. car*; $50 down; 25xli4.
$17.V>— 2 lotf. 2SxlOO. on 15th ave.
*r7T.«>-*v.rner en Clement et., 00x100.
Pend »tetr>p for printed lirt. *
28 at., room 8.
| KK.41. ESTATE—- Country-— For ¦«!,».
WHITE A BAYLET.
tiui-cesiiorfl to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES iJS^ERTWHERB.
$12.3CO— Splendid stock ranch and general
farm VXIO acres: 4 miles Irom Courthouse.
Menduotno County: 200 acres tillable; 2 com-
plete «»M of farm buildings; w»ll supplied with
w.»ter and an abundance of live oak timber;
' there are several patches suitable for alfalra
J $5tOO— Only 3 V; miles of Geyservllle. the G«m
I of Sonoma County; U mile good school: runl
1 mall delivery: W> acres; .TO acres rich bottom
1 land: 3 acres orchard: IS acres vineyard, all
: bearing? a acres alfaKa: well lenced and croes
¦ fenced: 5-room house. 2 good barns, nice
! spring: have other bargains In this superb sec-
! tlcn.
1 $2500—15 acr«s level land. 7 miles or San
< Jose; all In vineyard: house.
' $2000— 40-acre dairy anil poultry ranch. I
mile of town: hill land: 3 houses: barn; corn!;
; poultry hou»«-.\ 2 Incubators; 2 brooders; farm-
ing torls: fenced; 4 cows; 2 horses; 225 chick-
ens: flne market.
I $B0O— One minute's walk of church ari
I school 4 mile* of town: \\n acres; nice 4-room
house: large bam; poultry houses: rich garden
I land with easterly slope; on main si rlnkled
roud: rural delivery; Ideal poultry farm.
' $.12CO— In city limits of Petaluma: 7^ a-r««;
I neat cottage: barn; 5 poultry houses; 'i brood-
! ers; 1 Incubator; 2 wagons; harness); hers*-,
j Jersey cow; 4C0 chickens; all In bearing fruit;
i see photos of select Petaluma homes at thi*
office. ?li
$3C0O— 8 miles of Santa. Rosa; 200 ter*» ; :o
eeres tillable soil; 50O cords of wood; acuse;
I barn: running water: 10 head of cattle: 25 hei.1
of nogf>; other bargains In this superb s«ctlcn.
: $6CO— Only 1 mile of town; W> acres; hous*.
I tree*, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom land.
• placer ami quarts gold; 2 garden patches, out-
I tide range, tools, furniture; forced saie.
$4000 — Near Merced City, on main read; 40
acres rich land; 6 acre* bearing olives 10
I acres alfalfa; 5U acres bearing crciord: 2
wells- all und-r ditch; fine cottage. 3 rootss;
steel windmill and tank: good barn; toolhouaa;
granary; poultry houses; Incubator houses: nice
Income; cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided In
small tract* at $63 per acre; one- third of crop
Adjoining the town of Lodl. both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under dltc£;
I $125 to $163 Per acre.
| $50 per acre: V) acres up; under ditch; 4 -,
' miles from Lodl. on main county road: also
i land on the Stanislaus ditch a* low a* $43 aa
* Cr "' GOOD PROPERTY -WANTED.
We have several partle* with good lneora*
property to trade for cheap country homes; aiso
: lodging-houses; many cash buyers: list your
> property
$2500—^0 aeres: B mile* from Santa Crui: 23
acres undtr cultivation, balance roliias: and
some steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
j Ing- good T-room house, barn. outbuU<S!sss;
bank foreclosure: $500 down and balance
¦ monthly payments If dealred.
t $5000— Best ranch In 6outhern Oregon: 220
1 acres- 2 sets good improvements: well faneed;
orchard; 5 honee; farming tools: outside rang*.
JtJOu — 30 acres close to Morgan Hill, Santa.
Cl«ra County; 20 acre* bearing orchard and
vineyard, 10 acres hill pasture; nlc» harl
' finished cottage of 0 rooms; outbuilding*: fin*
I income: would trade for Income city property.
$850 — Only 8 mile* from Courthouse ; 80
, acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
i port cash; near Red Bluff.
» $17 0M> — Finest ranch In San Joaquln Coeaty.
. between Stockton and Lodt; water near sur-
' face; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
• 450 acres rich land. 1 mile of Calavera* Rivr.
on mala road: mortgage $30C0; would trade for
flrst-clais property near city.
Country hotel, live town; Alameda, County;
I lot 90x200: flne trade; 14 large rooms; house
I for help; large stable: outbuildings; opposite
I new station; $8500.
j-wjo— 10 *cres, all tn apricots Just eora-
: menclng to b»<ir; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
; home; naif cash.
$1700— In Sonoma C.ty: 3% acre*: all level;
I good house, barn, windmill, tankhouse: 13 poul-
try houses and yards: icnw alfalfa; spring
' wagnn: 500 chickens: feedhouse.
$3500 — 136 acres east of aaa Jose; 123 acres
j in hay; good soil.
Stnd itair.p for printed list.
WHITE A BAYLET.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery St.. Room 9.
Property Kxchanges a Specialty.
STOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
California. Nevada. Arizona. Mexico stock
ranches for their value for grazing — vast tracts
suitable for subdivision and colonization. Val-
uable not alone for grazing, but for timber, ag-
riculture, olJ, minerals or town site*. We bava
many tracts where frost never occurs We
have many valuable pasture lands wn*r» *. i-«
cattle are fat in April, when beef comaunJj
the highest price.
We have business nroperty that w.:i pay 1
per cent net on cost for flv^e or ten year< le«».
i We have residences up to date. In the land of
| the lemon, orange, sunshine, fruit and flowers.
We have many beautiful orchard hotn^s n
the famed Santa Clara Valley, near the Garden
City of California. Good dairy and alfalfa
ranches.
We ean offer a Mexican irrant that will sup-
port 10.000 head ef cattle for only ISO.no.
CHARLES W. COE <t CO..
Real Estate. Cattle and Loans.
78-70 Auzerals bldg.. San Jose. CaL
' ' ALAMEDA COUNTY LANDS.
A ranch of 800 acre*, all out In grain; moat-
I ly volley land; abundance of water; no rugged
! hills; an Ideal place for farming or stock raUs.
i Ing; will subdivide Into 200-acre tract*; $O>
j per acre.
A valley bottom ranch of 626 acre*; all un-
der cultivation; will grow anything that 1* put
i Into the soil; at present In grain, and vege-
tables: will subdivide Into 100-oere tracts; $60
to $1CO per acre.
A stock ranch of 600 acres, 2-8 ef which
raises Al bay and grain; whole tract well
watered with creek* and springs: will sub-
, divide Into ICO-acre tracts; $25 to $50 per acre.
All these tracts are In the Plea aoa too Val-
ley, the richest valley in the State; a Talley
' of good roads, good climate and good soil; nonm
of the above tract* are more than 5 mile* from
the beautiful town of Pleasanton. which Is only
forty miles from San Francisco and lies ta A'.a-
meda County. Don't fall to see this land be-
fore you buy.
Writ* or apply to owner at 212 ¦anionr st.,
room 22. Ban Francisco.
BARGAIN— 160 acre* In Alameda County for
$3250; six mile* from a large town; over
level county road; splendid ranch far stock,
bogs and poultry: never failure of crops;
produces finest hay tn the market; ISO oerea
cultivatable; no brush or waste load; re-
markable supply of spring water: comfort-
able house: alcso bam and poultry hoaae*;
school 1V£ miles; this 1* a bargaia that reo-
ommend* Itself: see photo* at tals ofio*. II.
H. CRANE. 608 California rt.
$7500— SPLENDID investment. enbroelB*; bus-
iness and residence properties, including &M
acres choice vegetable land; el rait*! 24
miles from this city; at S. P. R. R. depot.
In direct line of Improvement between th«
cities of Oakland and Sob Jobs; present In-
come from portion $70 per month, with
great opportunity of Increase; must b* soil
to close estate Interests; full description aadi
photo* at this office. H. H. CRA.NB, SOS
California rt.
$10,000—560 ACRES of choice land. 1 mile from
the town of Gait; would taka In exchangst
residence property In Oakland to th*> extent
of $3000; title must b« serfect.
$125O — 10 acre* of choice vineyard lasd ta>
th« W hi taker * Ray Colony; Tines, two year*
old.
$1000—20 aere* of choice load la th» W*!t-
oker A Ray Colony; good location aad doa*
to school. Addres* box 13, Gait. Col.
CONTRA COSTA lands. 10 acres up, $00 to
$100 per acre. 1-3 cash, balaac* ta suit at 6
per cent: plenty water; alfalfa, fruit and
most anything will grow; climate perfect:
good roods; close to railroad. HEDBMARK
A JACK CO., 11 Montromery st.
320 ACRES of flne land In Lake Co. ; SOO fruit
tree* In full bearing;; 30.000 cord* of timber:
flne quicksilver ledge on place, also gold and
•liver quartz ledge. Can. or addrees A. H..
117 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
ORCHARDS, garden track and chicken ranches;
we make a specialty of handling real estate
•ltuate tn Santa Cruz and Monterey coun-
ties. OAFFEY A MAHON. 505 California tt.
TOR farms', timber, grastng and alfalfa land-.
orchard* and vineyard* and stock ranch**,
call on or send for catalogue. ROTHERMEU*
4c CO.. 507 California St.
GARDEN lands In tracts to suit: between,
Santa Fe and S. P. R. R.; 3 mile* from
Berkeley: on Installments ; $300 per acre.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
COLMA residence property — For sale, large
lots, cheap: good car service: new 4-room
cottage: desirable spot: lot 100 feet square;
good well water; $1200. Inquire R. S.
THORNTON. Hearst building, room 419.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vlneyird*: Inspected bargams; monthly cata-
logues seat free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
: Market st.
I ¦ ' ¦
CORNER lot. 100x200 with rood house on it
at Oolma: near car line. Box 3371. Call.
$2fO EIRST payment »»rures employment anil
one of the best Itttle ranches In Fresno
County. Address K. i'all office.
I 6OUTHERN Oregon Irriguted lands, dairy
farms stuck ranrhe«. ntraUa land, timber
land mtr-ew. S C TRAYNKH. !i<U Kewmy.
HUaUBBAJT~H0MZ3'roa,~SA3VC.
FOR »a!e— DellKhtful home In San Mateo
County; near station; twenty minutes' drive
from electric car*: 4 aert* tn irraln and fruit:
house of 3 rooms; superb view. Address box
2165. C*U office.fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL: SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 190*.
43
OAKLAND ADVEBTISEMENT3
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
HOLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT. Inc.
1060 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
FORECLOSURE SALES.
$2100— New l'/j story cottage, 5 rooms and '
bath; modern: lot 30x125; flne location.
. .< close to schools, ear* and Key Route
m ' trains to San Francisco; very easy terms. 1
i 20C2— —
$2300—3 flne 5-coom cottages; 4 rooms and bath
each: lots 23x100; close to Twenty-third |
ave. broad gauge local, schools and cars; j
now rented; sec these. ',
$2600— New Colonial house. 7 large rooms; flne I
dining-room; modern In every detail; ,
sunny side; lot 33x106; close to schools.
cars and Key. Route trains; fine view of
Berkeley hills and Golden Gate: small
-¦.' payment down, balance on easy monthly
payments.
2004
$2600— New Colonial house, 7 rooms, bath, eto.:
on a good corner on Telegraph av«.: lot
35x104: fine location and surroundings;
close to ecbools. cars. Santa Fe and Key
Route trains to San Francisco; small cash
payment, balance same as rent.
2005
$3100 — New Colonial house. 8 rooms; modern ln
•very particular; gaa and electric light-
Ing; lot 42x115; close to Telegraph ave.
and cross-town Key Route trains; first-
class surroundings; everything new; small
»cash payment, balance easy monthly pay-
ments.
2(W>
These properties must be eold and prices are j
reduced for quick sale and terms will be made
to suit; call early and get keys to Inspect
premises.
UNIMPROVED.
$350—80x108; biggest snap ln Oakland; 3 mjn-
utee* walk from 40th St.; Key route: im-
mediately adjoining noted Linda Vista ter-
race.
$375—40x120: elevated lot; street wcrk com- I
plete; cloee to schools, cars, etc.
$700— Fine lot. 33:4x110. on Vernon st.. ad- j
Joining Adams Point property; this Is a
decided snap.
$750 BNAP. $750 :
Fine corner on the Key route system: [
close to 24th and Market sts.; 37:6x100;
street work complete.
HOLCOMB BREED A BANCROFT, Inc.
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Established 20 years.
460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
FINE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$90,000 — Choice 3-story business block ln
the heart of the banking center; extraordinary
future: leased at 6 per cent net on above
price; special reasons for selling.
HANDSOME HOMES.
$13.900— A superb home offtrjng; specially
constructed Eastern colonial architecture:
built under the supervision of the finest
architect on the coast; » rooms; perfect Inte-
rior arrangement; exterior most beautifully
designed: choice grounds. 110x200: no finer
neighborhood: mildest warm climate ln Oak-
land; quick and convenient transportation to
Pan Francisco; actually cost owner over $22,-
LAKESXDE DISTRICT.
Another bargain In the heart of the city:
opposite Ebell Club site; flne home; 12 rooms;
lot worth the price: 97x150: filled with the
choicest shrubberies; superb neighborhood:
price $12,500; bank mortgage $3000: it must
be sold.
AN OPPORTUNITY.
$6500— A capitalist's home on Linda Vista;
most artistic residence there; 8 rooms; large
lot; flne grounds; would cost $10,000 to dupli-
cate: owner selling, as cannot use same; terms
NEAR OAKI*AND.
»3S50— Acreage on electrlo line: win mibdl-
?Ide Into 36 lots; has flne 2-story building,
stere and flat, 5 rooms: Insured for $2500;
owner Is mortgaged and wants to sell at once;
see this; snap for tight party.
$3950 — Cost owner's father ?6500: now a
non-resident and forcing sale this month: 2-
story. 6 rooms; rents $30 month: on 10th ave.:
choicest neighborhood In East Oakland; see
$2300— Modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath: fu-
ture double frontage, no expense: 75x200; street
work complete; near Piedmont baths.
$1100— Neat eottage. 4 rooms: 40x100; city
water: choice location; near Frultvale ave.;
* aB7 LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE- CO.,
460 and 462 Eighth st-. Oakland.
TAYLOR BROS. A CO.;
Real Estate. Insurance and Financial Agents,
Cedar 331. 1236 Broadway. Oakland.
• A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$2750— Here Is a lot, 69x101 ft., on 22d St.. In
good location: two dwellings on the prop-
erty one facing 22d st. and the other ln
the rear; there is also 27 ft. still vacant.
leaving room for another cottage; this
property is now bringing an Income of
$30 per month: this property must be sold
at once; we are exclusive agents. 1(96
$1250— Here Is some flne land. 150x400 ft.,
covered by good orchard, all trees bearing:
one block from street car line; situate on
a comer: this property belongs to an
estate and must be sold; very cheap.
WE ARS FTILL OFFERING FOR SALE
LOTS IN THE BEAUTIFUL TUXEDO PARK
ADDITION. THIS TRACT IS SITUATE AT
THE Ur.KV OF 23D AVE.. SOUTH OF BF.U-
LAH PARK; HIGH ELEVATION. COM-
MANDING A FINE VICW OF BAY AND
HILLS- AMPLE STREET CAR FACILITIES.
WE WILL SELL REMAINING LOTS FROM
$150 TO $2W ACCORDING TO LOCATION.
10 PER CENT CASH AND $10 PER MONTH.
INSPECTION INVITED. FREE CONVEY-
ANCE. TAYlj0R BROS. A CO..
1230 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$600 CASH. $20 monthly— 7-roorn cottage; mod-
ern- stable, barn, chicken-house and shed,
fruit trees and flowers: a lovely home; love-
liest location tn all East Oakland: streets
macadamUed: only home owners here; one
block to 2 electric car Mn«: 7 minutes walk
to S F. steam local train; flne school and
plenty of churches near by: for beauty of
location It really beats the band: come and
f»» this bargain; size 40x150: price in all
$Sfl75 only: a desirable home fer all time;
call or »«n<J for circular 455 7th St.. opp.
Broadway itatlon: carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, land, owner.
$3750— MODERN residence. 0 rooms; good for
renting rooms; only I blocks east of Broad-
way and near all train* and electric lines.
THE ALDEN CO., 1233 Broadway.
$3230— FINE residence and grounds; ft rooms,
etc • \llce St.: best bargain east of Broad-
way. The ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway.
$4000— MODERN flats, rented $40 month; a
bargain: central location and never Idle.
THE ALDEN CO.. 123a Broadway.
ALDEN REALTY CO..
51*1 Telegraph ave.; phone Black 64St.
$330 — Lot 31x113; nice cornrr, good location;
ussy trrn\9.
|375_Lnt 50x150; Rc««lawn Tract. Clarcmont;
must be nold to olo*e e«tate: co«t $500.
! '. ! PIEDMONT BARGAINS ! ! !
$45<i— Lot 57x128: high grounds, flne view;
near Key route depot and school.
$55C— Lot 4Cx113: hiRh elevation, nice neigh-
borhood: near Key route depot and school. [
$030 C0xll5, on Echo st.. near Rose avt: j
inn- 1 be nold: make an offer. I
1J750 Fine 2-story house. Just flnUhed. near ,
Alratraz and Telegraph aves.; 5 rooms.
bath, pantry, etc.: flne view.
$2730—5 rooms and bath; lot 50x150: barn.
chicken houses, fruit trees^ete. : Clare-
.'. . mont: must be sold; make wn offer. ¦¦.
_ '
THESE ARE THE BARGAINS.
jrHKo — 2 new modern flats or 5 rooms each;
ccrner lot SOxl6O; will rent for $3S v»r month.
- $ I Too — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath: lot 2Sx
' 00- all street work (}one: rent $17 per month.
I (3200 4 eottares of 6 rooms each: lot lOOx
lOtV. near Telegraph ave. and Key route; rent
$32 per month: bank mortgage J220O can stand. ¦,
HUGH M. CAMERON.
1068 Broadway.
znz !
f
•«75A_7. r com. beautiful cottage on eltvat*d
40-foot lot on Linden st. ; Is going at a .
. sacrifice.
$2300 c-room cottage, near Clinton station: lot I
32x140; term* If de«lred. j
«'>000— 6-room house; sunny side of street: 1
choice location; ln East Oakland; cheap at j
$24C0; terms. / ;
$000— l-rcom cottage; on Eighteenth st.
*. F. F. PORTKR, 46C Eighth St., Oakland.
— — •
.. I
WHY NOT OWN YOUR HOME? '
Three beautiful 6-rocm mr*lern home's for sale
cheap: BUT LITTLE READY CASH RE-
QUIRED. Inquire at 435 C5th st., Oakland,
or call up Stuart 1457.
ONLY for a flne 7-room house; good lo-
ratlon: flne garden, etc. P. c. LASSEN A-
1 CO.. «C Tenth st., Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISE3CENT3
vV>OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
BELD"EN'S BARGAINS.
$2500— Fine t^ro-.-m cottage: rlsht In center
of town; best bargain ever offer?d; grab It
quick.
$24<X> — Good 5-room cottare on 8th St., near
Center station.
$1600— Extra choice, finely elevated lot. 33x
100; corner Filbert and 16th sts.; elfgant sur-
j roundlngs.
1 $16CO—Cheapest !ot in Adams Point Tract;
50x120; sunny and lies splendidly.
j $400 will buy a lot on Adeline «..
near ISth and new City Pp.rk.
$50O— Lot 50x100 on north side 43d St.. near
I Grove st.
I $34 Der foot— Think or It! BO-foot lot on
1 Jones st.. bet. TeNgrsph ave. ami Grove St.
{ right ln tho heart ef town.
MITCHELL REAL ESTATE CO..
972 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— «-room cottage; hath: »a»: electric
lights; fruit and flowers; lot 4Oxl3<>; Peralta
ave i; * 'Plenrttd bargain. TERMS.
$3150— Cbttage. 7 larce rooms; gas: bath;
larje bam; lot 4Oxl5<>. TERMS.
T3«50— Extra flrw- 7-room fct,u*e. built for a
home recently; Thirtieth st.. near Telegraph
ave. TERMS.
$4730— Beautiful 10-room house: bath: gas;
windmill and tank; barn: fruit an-i flowers:
lot 80x200; located on Frultvale ave. TERM3.
MITCHELL RFAL ESTATE CO..
Vt'i Broadway. Oaklnml.
! $2700— NEW modern houw; « rx>ma; lighted
with »lectrlcity: op?n plumbinr; ixircelain
bath: let 3ovl40; n«ac Grove st.
$1600— 5-rrom cottare with barn: lot 50x1:3;
near Telegraph ave.
C. K. MARSHALL.
1070 Broadway. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The~XV>ek!y Call^
16 page*. In wrapper, for mailtrr. $t per y«ar.
i — *" *^T"*" TT"^ mm amm ****
OAKLAND UOVSK9 TO LCt!
FOR RENT.
Nice sunny fiats: nearly new: 5 rooms and
bath; rent — upper. $23 :»>; tower. $2J 5t>; easy
walk from center o! tr.wn.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT (Inc.).
100i> BROADWAY. UA K LA N I >.
OAKLAND KlisisbEU UOLSES.
WELL- FURNISHED modern cotn«e: .entral:
cheap; call Monday. 2 p. m. .;>»)1 West st..
Oakland.
FURNISHED cottag*. 7 rooms and t.sth. large
yard, barn. $25. 90,1 5Sth st.. Oakland.
OAfcLOl) KLUMtLili. r .7^1. >A1.A
TO-MOP.ROW the day for bargains in furnj-
tmc H.Sch«UhaaB.lUh »t..cur.»ti>r*.i'aklana.
MILL VALLEY ADV'KT'S'M'Td
TAKE a delightful trip to-day; go to Mill Val-
ley; see the lots right at the station we are
selling so fast.
Prices $350 to «U5O each.
Terms. 10 per cent cash, balance $!.'> monthly.
All the lots are large: grand home stt»s
amidst pleasant «urroundlags; beautiful views
of mountains and ths bay; the climate un-
equaled; splendid opportunity for an invest-
ment; land values bound to increase, as Mill
Valley is rapidly coming to the front: the new
electric road has shortened the time to 4o
minutes from the city; Mill Valliy has all
the conveniences of a city; flne supj.ly of pure
mountain water, good sewerag; and drainage,
electric lights, stores, churches and schools,
and In fact all conveniences; lets beautifully
wooded. Send for our new Illustrated bock
descriptive of Mill Valley. We have an offics
open Sundays and holidays.
i .-¦ :. LYONVfc HOAG.
116 Montgomery st.
San Francisco Advertisemts.
S^WIXGJOACHI^^^A^ SUPPLIES.
THE WHITE IS KING.
Best automatic furniture.
Best ball-bearing stand.
Best vibrator and rotary shattls.
Best lock and chain stitch.
Best sewing machine on earth.
Best machines at $3.00 per menth.
Best machines to rent at $2.00 per montk
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO..
Retail offices, 304 Post St.,
i 1841 Flllmore st. and 70S Valencia st.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Doiass-
tle office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — Bee ouT new triple-feed- ma-
ehlnes; slightly u*-d; $10. $15, $20: second-
hand. $3. $5. $3: all styles: guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1061 Market st.
SPECIALIgTS.
CATARRH.' DEAFNESS and NOISES In EA-RS
positively cured; new methods: 1 week's treat*
ment free. Dr. Cottlnghaau 20* Butt-r rt.
TTPEWRITEBS AND STTFPUCZS.
AN'exceptlonally good No. 2 Remington. No. t
Smith Premier, $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange, 636 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. - % ;- .
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inapec. Co.. 60S Market.
VIA VI.
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment;
booklet mailed free; correspondence invited.
VIA VI CO., 23C4 Van Neits ave.
DIVIDEND NOTICES^
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor.
Mutual Savings Bank building. 70S Market
St., opposite Third — For the half year end-
ing June 30, 1004, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on aad
after Friday. July 1, 1904.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts. — For the six months ending
June 30. 1904. dividends have been declared
on deposits In the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deposits, at
the rate of 3 6- 10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum. fre« of taxes and payable on and
after Friday. July I. VJ04.
J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND Notice: The German Savings and
Loan Society. 526 California st.— For the half
year tndins June 30. 1904. a dividend has
bren declared at the rate of three anil one-
quarter (3>»> per cent per annum en all de-
posits fre» of taxes payable on and after
Friday. July 1. 1904.
OEORGE TOURNEY. Secretary-
DIVIDEND Notice: San Francisco Savings
Union. 532 California st., corner Webb. —
For the half year ending with the 30th of
June. 1904. a dividend has been declared at
the rate per annum of thri»e and cne-half
(.Hi) per cent on term deposits and thre« i.'.i
per c«nt on ordinary deposits, free of taxes.
payable on and aft-r July 1. 1904.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: Mechanics' Savings Bank,
southwest rorner Bush and Montsjujnery sta.
— For the half year endtrg wtth June .".tt.
1904 a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three and one-quarter »:;V») per cent
per annum on all deposits, free of tax**, pay-
able on and after Friday July 1. 1304.
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Cashier.
CLAREMONT Oil Company on July 1. 1904.
will t.ay a dividend (N<x 1) of 1 cent per
share on Its issued capital stock at Its of-
fice, room 31. seventh floor. Mills bulldlnc
transfer books close on Snturday. June 25.
19O4. at 1 p. m. GEORGE J. REMINGTON.
Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CERTIFICATE OF PARTNERSHIP—
We. the undersigned, do hereby certify and
declare that we constitute a partnership, trans-
acting business under the firm name and style
of KOCH-DIETERT CO.. in the State of Cal-
ifornia. Tha,t the full names and residences
of all the raemrwre of said partnership are a«
follows: John Koch, residing at 708 Flllmore
st San Francisco. Cal.. and Rudolph Hanry
Di'etert residing at 112H Geary St.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. Wltnesa our hands this thirteenth
day 'of June, 1004.
* JOHN KOCH.
R. H. DIETXRT.
ALL persons having accounts against the flnn
of Knlsht A ltyan, liquor dealers. Powell and
Franelscc sts- present same at once for set-
tlerr.*nt. G. PANTA.
BOSP5 rOB OAX.E.
7 PER CENT
TVe have a limtted r.»jiiber of bonds, secured
by a first mortgage on the property of a.
i»r*« substantial manufacturing concern that
w?ofl«J »n denomination* of $tO.OCO or any
Zultinle thereof. Tt.e total bond Issue Is
5mt « P« c*nt of the v«! U e of the security.
Parties having funj» * Invest In bonds bear-
fnr interest »t the rate of 7 per cent per
annum and payable •emi-annually should in-
*°<.tl»mtg this. Uo» l-V-'t. S«lm». CaL
For Additional ClassIHed Advertise-
ments See Pa^e Forty-Four,
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
nRHKKI.KV REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN.
J2100 — $200 cash, balance $20 . per month,' in-
cluding interest; live large rooms; flne
manul; stationary tube; high basement;
2 blocks to both trains; sunny side of
street; street work all done; cement walks.
?230O— Nearly new 4-room cottage, all fur-
nished: new piano: lot 60x135; fruit trees
and cautlful flower garden, chicken-
house, pigeon-house; \i block to train;
owner East.
S2500 — Fine corner store with one 4-room flat
and one 6-room flat; lot 64x100: 1 block
from station: snan.
$3500 — New 9-room hcuse on corner lot. 50x100;
double parlors; large dining-room; side-
board; fine mantel; porcelain bath; open
plumbing; toilet up and down stairs; large
washroom; fine neighborhood; 3 blocks
to both trains; electric cars, stores, etc.;
$500 each, balance $25 per month.
$4500-7-Thls place is cheap at $10,000; flne
corner, 284x100; all -business property.
Including bakeoven and bakehouse that
cost $700; store and stock which will
net JI00 per month; two-story building
consisting of stores, etc.; living rooms;
must be sold at once; present owner re-
tiring on account of old age, being 82
years old and ln poor health; a flne
chsnee for wood and coal yard.
$2250 — New 6- room cottage; large lot: street
work all done; 3 blocks to both trains;
$500 cash. bal. $20 per month; place will
rent for this.
$2200 — Good as new; 5-room cottage: double
parlors: fine mantel; bath; high basement;
brick foundation; 3 blocks to train; 1013
Fifty-seventh St., Golden Uate station.
?24O0 — 7-room cottage: on SO-foot st.: % bloek
to cars; fruit trees, all bearincr; good
well; lot 50x140: a snap; street work all
done, including: cement walks. ,
$3600 — $500 cash, balance $30 per month: this
place sold for $4000; 8 be&utlful rooms,
ranging from 16 to 18 ft. square: lot
, 60x135; flne street; flne fruit trees; 3
blocks to both trains; must b« sold: see it.
$1600— J2<» cash, balance $20 per month; 6
large rooms; lot 45x100: flne well and mill;
fruit trees: only 3" blocks to both car
lines: flne neighborhood.
$200 to ?600 — Street work all done: lots from
25x100 to 60x150; $25 cash, balance $5
and $10 per month. -
W. C. MORAN, South Berkeley.
$4f!0— LOT 40x135: south front.
$750— Choice lot: 37x90; ssuth.
J.1400— Choice lot; Berry-Bangs Tract; 60x
$2300— 5-r. new cottage; Key Route; Ashby
ea*t.
$2»50— 6-r. house; Key Route;. Lorin: east.
*S150 — 6-r. new cottage; corner; North
Berkeley.
$4250 — S-r. new house; central; east.
$7500— 10-r. house; Durant ave.; sunny.
All «tr*et work and sidewalk comolete on
all propositions.
Furnirtied and unfurnished houses for rent
for season or summer.
M. P. W. ALBEE, 2139 Center St.. Berkeley.
$1850— NICE cottage of 6 rooms and bath,
brick foundation, tinted walla, street work
complete: «asy terms. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin
etation. Berkeley. Open Sundays.
$2250— NEW up-to-date cottage: 6 rooms and
bath, hall, pantry, high basement, brick
foundation; close ln; all street work done;
easy terms. H. D. IRWIN, Lorln station,
Berkeley. Open Sundays.
$2750— SEE this elegant new cottage; « flne
rooms, bath. hall, pantry, tiled sink, tinted
walls, combination fixture*, high basement;
lot 60x135; etrert work done; above Shat-
tuck: convenient to Ashby station. H. D.
IRWIN, Lorin station. Berkeley. Open Sun-
days.
GOOD Investments near new Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
¦ End of block; 271 ft. frontage on track: two
blocks from Berkeley station $2300
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $200
Lot 40x135: mac: within y, block $450
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2600
1 Buy where values are Increasing.
j Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
: CHAS. A. BAILEY. 1056 University av«.
I Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
\ DEALERS* RATES!
Don't purchase a home, farm or lot be-
fore rallinr on or writing to the North
Berkeley Realty Company; we buy and sell
real estate cf all kinds: rent and care for
< properties; place Insurance; make appraise- |
meets and negotiate loans; your correspond-
ence solicited; take broad gauge train. Call
1 or address 1504 Shattuck ave.. North Berke-
ley. Cal.
BEEKELCY FTJENISHED SOUSES.
TO lease — 1500 Euclid ave., Berkeley, between
Cedar and Vine sts.; magnificent view; new
house: all modern Improvements; newly fur-
nished: 7 rooms, stable; rent reasonable to
desirable party. Apply MADISON Sc BURKE,
HO Montgomery Et.
BEBK3SX.ZY nTttHTIBHEP KOOMS.
LA PALOMA— New and elegantly furnished
apartments: 2261 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
MRS. E. F. MORAGA, late of famous fish
ranch; near local trains.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRIITVALU 11KAL ESTATE).
- FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 296.
Office one-half block from Fruitvale station.
$400 cash, balance $10 month; flne chicken
ranch; nn the hills; tine drainage; south and
j west exposure; splendid well of flne water,
summer cabin and kitchen, email barn; 30
1 fruit tree*, lots of berries and flowers; 4 blocks
to the electric cars; flne school close by; lot
I 100x245; gracd view; price all told $1000.
i $1000— $300 cash. bal. $10 monthly; house of
6 rtoms; close to street cars and school; lot
60x110.
$400 cash — New cottage of 4 rooms, bath,
pantry, high basement; sanitary washtubs;
I chicken yard and house; fenced and cross
fenced: berry vines and flowers; near local
train and school; lot 3Sxl25; price all told
$1500.
$1000 — Fine new cottage of 4 large rooms,
bath, nantry, hirh banement, reception hall;
near local train and school ; lot 38x123.
$15 monthly and own your own home; a
lovely 6-rocm, bath, pantry, high basement,
brick foundation cottage; handsomely deco-
rated interior; stesl enameled bath; handsome
palm tree.- full bearing fruit trees and flowers
In abundance; 3 blocks from the car line;
graded school near by and lot 70x113; only $500
cash required; price all told $1750.
$500 cash — TJeautlful, up-to-date bungalow
cottape of 5 rooms, reception hall, bath, pantry,
electric lights, stationary washtubs; finest of
plumblig; near local train and school; lot 38x
126; price air told $1750. .
$C00 cash— Fine cottsge of 6 rooms, bath,
pantry, sanitary tubs, high basement finished
for summer kitchen and dining-room, nice re-
ception hall; large chicken yard and house;
I abundance of fruit tn.es and flowers; close to
i street car« and school; lot 73x200; 2 frontages;
all for $'.'2C0; es*y monthly payments.
$t5W>— One of the handsomest homes on
Fruitvlle ave.; corner lot, 75x150, with an L
lot 60*150: chicken yard, chicken house;
ferced i>nd ctoss fenced — high board and wire;
house of 8 rooms; lovely fruit trees; abundance
ot flowers and elegant lot; flne shade trees; 2
car lines pass the property; easy terms If de-
sir..-d: offered at a. racnflce.
$75 lots in the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract;
flne soil; irrand view; new homes rapidly going
up: no cold winds or wet fogs, and lots only
$75 each; $5 down. bal. $2 50 per month.
» CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave.
H. BARKMETER
1206 Frultvale ave., Frultvale Station, Cal.
LOTS! '• LOTS! LOTS!
Only $100 to $200 per lot; cement sidewalks
laid; streets graded and graveled; near school;
adjoining car line; terms, small payment down,
balance on easy terms.
Chicken ranch for rent, stock and fixtures
for sale; consisting of 250 flne laying hens tK>
pullets, 65 chicks, brooder- house, new incuba-
tor; good horse and spring wagon, almost new
harness, flne mllch*cow. all for $650; cottage
of 4 rooms and 3 acres of flne land for rent
at 110 per month. ¦',.':
$900— $100 cash, balance $10 per month; cot-
tage of 3 rooms; lot 75x256; good well and
pump; 4 blocks from car line; flne place for
raising chickens.
$850— Coxy cottage of 2 rooms, all connected
with sewer and city water: lot 70x110; large
shade trees and fruit treea In bearing; flne lo-
cation; near school and car line, in walking
distance to local train.
$1700— Bay-window cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; all modern cement walks; fruit trees and
flowers; lot 37%xlOO: 3 blocks from Frultvale
station; terms If desired.
$3500—41-3 acres of flne vegetable land,
about 2 acres of It ln bearing orchard and
small fruits; good hard finished house of n
rooms; large barn and chicken houses; good
well, etc.; only 4 blocks from car line; no rea-
sonable offer refused; owner Is forced to sell;
would make an elegant chicken ranch.
For particulars apply to ,
H. BARKMETER.
Near Frultvale Station. Cal.
SPECIAL • ~~
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK.
The terminus of 5-cent fare. Haywards cars;
streets graded and graveled; stone sidewalks;
depot on tract; lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train; best located property on San Leandro
road: graded school on tract. Apply to S. S.
AUSTIN.. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
IF you want garden acreage I have it In the
lovely city of Haywards; good well and
barn ; new brick foundation for. house ; two
acres of land can be bought, cheap. Address
F. O. box 215, Frultvale, Cal
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAXD RF.4I. K5TATB.
: ' . HORSWILL A CO.,
SUCCESSORS TO
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
REAL ESTATE AGENT AND DEALER,
MEMBER OF THE OAKLAND REAL ES-
TATE ASSOCIATION
1002. BROADWAY, OAKLAND, CAI*
$1600.
HERE'S A SNAP.
New bungalow cottare; 4 rooms; five min-
utes' walk from the Santa. Fe depot or Golden
Gate station: open lawn; eunny; sewer work
all done: on terms of $200 down, $20 per
month — or lens — flat loan.
$4750 — Including new carpets, new house of
9 rooms, paneled dlnlnr-room. gas and elec-
tricity; on sunny side of street; open lawn;
lot 60 feet front: owner going away la only
reason for selling.
$3500— House; 6 large rooma; fin* condition;
stone's throw of Telegraph ave.; fruit trees;
open lawn.
$3000— Pair of flats; 6 rooms each; bath; flne
location; near trains; newly papered and,
painted; new plumbing; large veranda; open
lawn; lot 37x125; on sunny side of street.
$4600—9 rooms: all modern plumbing; sep-
arate dining-room: double parlors; gas; base*
ment; reception hall paneled ln curly red-
wood; art glass hardwood entrance: owner will
trade equity for vacant lot or East Oakland
I property. .
$2500 — A snap; between Key Route and local
trains: walking distance: 6 rooms; new, mod-
j ern plumbing; sunny; fine location; frescoed
I ceilings; double parlors; tiling around sink.
I $2650 — 10 rooms; modern plumbing; double
' parlors; elegant mantel: back and front stalr-
cas:; cement basement; brick foundation 3
j feet deep; house ln good condition; a snap. '
i $70 per foot— Telegraph ave., NE. cor.; only
: corner left in this vicinity; three elegant resl-
, dences being erected on opposite corners.
I • ' — — — - .... ¦ / '•>
$8000— Elegant Lakeside district residence;
I thoroughly modern; one block from Lake M*r-
| rltt: hall dining-room and staircase In solid
; oak; electricity and gas: furnace; concrete
: basement; surrounded by beautiful homes.
$80O— Beautiful hill lot on Vernon Heights;
flne location.
$3400—8 rooms: right ln town: a snap; flne
location; 2 blocks from HlgV School.
HORSTPILL A CO..
SUCCESSORS TO
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1003 BROADWAY, OAKLAND. CAL.
§B. J. STEWART A CO..
1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$2860 — Beautiful colonial house of 7 rooms;
modern and nearly new; high, well-
drained lot and terraced lawn; south
frontage; very convenient to ears and
Key route; small payment down, balance
like rent; great bargain.
$2750— Will buy oue of the swellest, most
homelike little cottage* of 6 rooms In
Oakland; elegantly tinted and artistically
frescoed; has all the most modern con-
veniences and Is a pickup at this figure;
lot 33x104.
$19C0 — Nice 6-room cottage, 6 large rooms,
bath, high basement: lot 40x128 feet:
fruit trees, berry bushes, flowers, lawn:
within a block of Key route or street
cars; this Is a sacrifice and must be sold
this week.
$2650 — An elerant nnr 5-room eottage with
high basement on the north side of 36th
nt., right close to Telegraph ave.: large
lot; must be seen to be appreciated.
$2500 — Two-story house of six room* and bath;
Urge lot, 3SxlO6; good barn and carriage-
house; north side of 14th St., near Adeline.
E. J. STEWART A CO..
IOCS BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
A. J. SNYDER.
i REAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER,
16T NINTH ST., OAKLAND. CAL.
HZH ;
! "KEY ROUTE" LOTS.
! 400 lots in close proximity to the Piedmont
; Key Route line. $450 to $1600; corner lots. In-
side lots, level lots, hillside lots, ln fact, every
variety and price of lot to be offered ln the
I district aie contracted ln my office. Don't
I fall to see my list at once.
$1140 — Choice building lots between Grove
and Telegraph; cheapest good property in Oak-
land.
$6000 — Elegant new home on Sycamore st.,
near Telegraph ave.; 8. rooms and bath and
attic; completely finished with the most mod-
em conveniences. Nothing wanting; choice
location; let 60x100.
$3750 — New house, .6 rooma and bath; 38th
St.. near Key route station; 40x140; driveway,
lawn, chicken yard; very easy terms.
$6000 — A splendid home on Telegraph ave.,
n«Ar 31st St.; lot 50x127; easily worth $7800;
don't fall to SEE THIS at once.
$500— A good building lot on Sycamore st.
A. J. SNYDER.
REAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER.
467 NINTH ST.. OAKLAND, CAL.
MANUFACTURERS AND EVERYB0DT.
SEE THIS FINE BUILDING SACRIFICED.
i I have for sale a large building at Elmhurst.
Cal., a suburb of Oakland, ' built for a. hotel,
! but too large for the place, and I have a late
: order to sell It for the best price I can get.
The building is 50x1 CO feet and contains 40
large rooms; a gas plant ln good order ln a
; building in the rear, and gas and water fix-
1 tures all over the house. The lot is on the
principal street with street railroad In front,
and is 115x136:7 feet on Jones ave.; a cement
sidewalk 15 . feet wide on two sides. It is
well adapted for any kind of manufacturing.
, with electric power plant near by; or a hun-
; dred other purposes to be suggested. The
owner Is a very old man and is closing up his
affairs, and says SELL for WHAT IT WILL
I BRING. See the building and make me an offer.
IRA C. JENK8.
j 1C0!) Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
WM. P. TODD WM. P. TODD
1070 Broadway 1070 Broadway,
OAKLAND.
$200 cash down, $12 per month, will buy
4-room 'cottage; 1 block to San Pablo ave. and
2 blocks to Key Route; price $1600; lot 33:4
x01 feet.
$300 cash down. $10 per month, will buy
1 4-room cottage, bath, hot and cold water: 1
block to- San Pablo ave., 2 to Key Route; price
$lfc'f«>.
$3500 — Broadway property; lot 7PxlOO: 8-
room house; 3 blocks to new Key Route line.
This Is a snap.
$195O— Near Lorln etation. Berkeley; 6-room
eottage: bath, laundry; near Santa Fe; street
work all done.
$2000 will build a flne cottage on 30-foot
lot. 5 minutes' walk to local and electric cars,
payment* like rent.
WM. P. TODD 1 WM. P. TODD,
1070 Broadway 1070 Broadway,
OAKLAND.
FOR SALE — AN IDEAL HOME OF 14
, ROOMS: LARGE RECEPTION HALL,
! DRAWING,- ROOM. BILLIARD - ROOM.
DINING-ROOM. RECEPTION-ROOM AND
DF.N. S HEDROMS; CEMENTED BASE-
MKNT: FURNACE: LARGE CORNER LOT
O>T ¦ ONE OF THE BEST RESfDENCR
JTItEtTS IN OAKLAND. WITHIN FIVE
MINUTES' WALK OF NARROW GAUGE
DKPOT. THIS IS WORTH INVESTI-
GATING. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS
APPLY TO
THE E. P. VANDKRCOOK CO.,
lOltt BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
OR ROOM :i2. 2D FLOOR. MILLS BLD..S.F.
$2.250— COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath, ln
heart of Linda Vista, and only half
block from Oakland ave. electric car
line: Investigate it; worth $3250; lot
50x135.
$3,100—60x100 feet, and only 3 blocks from
10th and Broadway; cheapest lot left In <
the heart of town: call and see It.
$10,000 — Large i)-room 2-story house, right In
heart of Oakland; large lot. 100x123 feet;
1 look at it.
GEORGE H. V08E— Real Estate,
972 Broadway, Oakland.
$1300— LARGB lot. 78x136 feet; right in the
heart of Linda Vista Terrace; cheapest
lot in Linda Vista.
GEORGE H. VOSE, 972 Broadway, Oakland.
GREAT BARGAIN— COTTAGE NEAR
KEY ROUTE.
$2578 — If sold at once; new modern cottage.
6 large rooms; large lot facing south; choice
neighborhood; all street work; tinted walls,
flne electric light and plumbing; 3Vi blocks
Key route station; 40th and Telegraph; 30
minutes San Francisco;, save commission, buy
of owner. Inquire on premises, No. 460 '27th
st., Oakland. Cal.
CORNER. lot; very desirable for saloon, res-
taurant or store, for sale at bargain; oppo-
site news. P. freight depot now being built
in Oakland; all freight for city and sub-
urbs to be received and delivered at this
point. Box 1220, Call office, Oakland.
ELMHl'RST REAL ESTATE.
MOSS TRACT LOTS.
FZM EACH. $250 EACH.
OKLT ONE BL"X*K FROM OAKLAND
AND HAYWARDS ELECTRIC CARS.
FOUR LOTS. 40x130 EACH. ON MOSS AVE.
TWO LOTS 40x125 EACH. ON SARATOGA
AVE.
ADDRESS ALEXANDER. BOX 1203. CALL
OFFICE. OAKLAND.
SAN MATEO EEii ESTATE.
.-AX MATEO - BAN MATKO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE DIS-
TRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
\\> have a choice list of excellent residence
I-ropertiet. villa »ite* and acreage. Don't fail
tn .r. utl before buying. Investigate San
Mateo Park. The ideal property of them all.
Lot* of about or* acre each- Easy terms.
B->ur.<J to be most valuable. See our local
sr*r.t. Frar.k 6. Grummoa. San Mateo office
cpen Furdsys.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Port st.
UC.\LO PARK REAL ESTATE.
AT Mer.lo Park— For sale on easy terras, a
10- room house with all modern Improve-
ments: two blacks from station. A6flr»*s
the cwner at P. O. box D. Menlo Park. Cal.
rKUPEKTV •\VAMK1I.
WASTeS-To buy chicken rench across the
bay; $1000. WILCOX. S10 Nee st.
REAL KSTAJ^TO_EXCHAXGB._
FOR "^icha^ge— $1600 equity In n «'L*f'£?'
« rr>otr.s; near Key P.oute station. Oakland.
What can you offer? See owner, 8.6 3.th
st_. Oakland. — — !
REAL. ESTATE WASTED.
•WANTFD— To buy or rent bora* in , Alan V^ a
r*es7^e wVter; particulars with price. Box
1077. Call offlc*.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
HJLL0>T_* CO.
Ot f26«£-Large Cve-rocra tnwJeru cottage, high
te .e£*nT~«Spt!o=aily well built: neaxiy^ new;
"? 9r«r garten. large yard: lot «f*"5. lo-
cate* two blocks from Park-street station.
csrrow ga-ge: elegant locatloru
•SSOft— Elegant heme on north side of San
AnttBla ave* aear Chestnut-street station: six
wm: modem. «P » ««*••. *? p fi2? l «S
owner house seven years old: nice lawn and
gardes: roca for driveway: large yard high ;
"rer-t-.land large attic to hcuse: this Is an
TlVrir' home: Just the right location; will be
sad^n^-W terma. on account ot owner
SNAPS IN LOTS.
*COn will buy a nice lot. 60x125. on west
,iie of High street, near Central m* 'enue: flne
location for a nice cottage; street work all
dr f7O0 tan a fine corner lot on west side of
High «urci* ftO*125 feet: elegant site for build-
fng a'.ome: beet buy In town; street work all
ucr.e.
We Mso have a- large number of all elum
or dwAlinrs and building lots throughout the
%O \VF, GUARANTIEE PROTECTION TO THE
DIYElt - HALLY * CO..
2313 SANTA CLARA AVE^,
I3*t Paik ave. and Oak ft.. A-irceda. Cal.
Plv.ie AlameU* Iu5. Office open to-day.
BHAVT^-L^OM^ ANDELE^ANT LOTS
POSITIVE BARGAINS.
LOOK OVER THESE:
f70« buys a lot on bay shore.
$709 buys lot en Willow St.
Slt«O«» buys lot on Willow st.
j>:4*> buys decant let. Clinton ave.
slb<>i» buy* fin.- lot. Alameda ave.
*^K-> buys let 50x1^7. finest corner ln city.
INVESTIGATE AND PURCHASE A HOME-
»;:<>«• buy* 5-room cottare and lot.
«l$0w buy* 6-room cottage; a anap.
fc:4i><» buy* 4-rocm colonial house.
fV(io.t tujs «-room h-iuee. let 83x169.
;•!.>*> buys elegant «-room cottage
S40.-O buvs e-room house, beautiful location.
SPECIAL PRICE. $5500.
New modern fe-wm house; fine corner lot;
sacrificed.
b-EB OUR HOMES FOR M^ om
PURCHASE ONE OK OUR BARGAINS.
ricY TERMP AND A GUARANTEED SAV-
ING OF 10 PER CENT.
°* I! O alame"da land company.
1500 PARK fc'T. Telephone Alatneaa 490.
HERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
GP.EAT BARGAINS.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ONCENTRAL AVE.NTAR n BTATTOT: BAR-
GAINS; LARGE LIST OF REALTY.
TWO BARGAINS.
6-room cottage; lot 50x125; $1300.
6-room cottage; let 25x150; $1500.
FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS.
$50 DOWN. BALANCE TO SUIT.
32 LOTS.
PART OF^O-CAU-ED FROMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH-ST. STATION*.
THIRTTMiMTTE* FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
*££ N^ E a^o S d^rn^' A ?:r^S
HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY.
APPLY TO A. R. DENKE.
1400 WEBSTER PT.. ALAMEDA.
HOME?
TKAITTFUL ALAMRHA.
(-KMTTFCL ALAMEDA.
HEAUTIFUL ALAMEDA.
BUILDING SITES.
EFECIAL THIS TTEEK.
t" 7W— Just completed: »well. modern 6-room
" cottage en lot 60x150; combination gas
anrt electric fixtures; this Is an ex-
cellent buy; $500 down, balance os time.
fl 75ft— 45»ell cottsre of * rooms; In flne loca-
tion: Jot 25x150. : . - ->
$1 6C0— 8-room modfro 2-story house; on
Clinton ave., near the bar; excellent
marine view; lot 40x120.
$12 C00— Finest built house In Alameda: 9
rooms: modern ln every retpect: tiled
IdtchMi «nd batfi: on northeast ccrner.
* HAMMOND A HAMMOND.
1422 Park St..
Alameda.
Baieerr.an in efflce to -gay.
ADAMS «: CO.
For Alameda real estate don't fall to call en
>.- the reliable agents who have houses, cot-
vr ,, a nd lot. for sale in the very best loca-
wr.t ln Alameda. Take broad gauge and get
uft" at Bay station.
ADAMS & CO.. Bar Station.
Phone Alameda 6352.
Popcn Sundays from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
JUDD CO.. Leadinr Real Estate Agts.,
1424 Park rt.. Alameda, Cal.
FOR SALE.
Large property: new rtore rented on lease
for three ye«.re; pays 12 per cent Interest per
annum ; send for Information.
$1150 — Cottere. 4 rooms, bath, -porcelain tub;
house in ftn» order; on easy terms.
$3250 — House. 8 ruotnt; choice location near
water front: modern and in flne order.
I r.r.'f' — Cottage. 0 rooms; Morton St.; best fin-
ished house in Alameda; send for de-
scrlrt Ion.
$1100 each— Two lots; Grand St.: 60x125; near
station.
»2000— Heuse of P rooms; lot 60x125; Grand st.
HERE'S WHERE YOU GET VALUE.
Only ?l«0«> fm- a modern cottage of <J rooms.
In rood location, n-lth lot 60x203; also chlcken-
houee aod all convenlenrec.
J. E. HANLY. 1310 Park.
"~ ANDREW JACKRON «TORRi:S.
REAL F.KTATE EXPERT.
FI'KAKB THREE LANGUAGES.
WITH HAMMONT* A HAMMOND,
1122 I'AKK ST.
! ALAMEDA ADVERTiS'ilENTS
1 1 ¦
AULBXBPA BEAI. 2 STATE.
BEAUTIFUL ALAMEDA.
FINEST RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
LOTS FOR SALE.
HOUSES FOR SALE OR RENT.
ELMER E. JOHNSON, 1501 PARK ST.
ELEGANT corner residence of 9 rooms; large
i. n £ d: r, chotc * 'ocaUonl $3500. HAWKS &
| MEHRTENS. 1600 Seventh st.
ALAKBDA BOOMS AJTO BOABP.
N ? WI 1 Y furni » h «l sunny rooms, with board;
a minutes walk broad or narrow gauge
trains. 1641 Central ave.. Alameda. Morton
station, narrow gauge.
— _ A^ AMBDA gPBlflSHEO HOUSES.
THREE furnished houses for rent, $25, »30
ana $35. Hawks A Mehrtens. 1600 Seventh.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BEHKELEr REAL ESTATE.
/ JOSEPH J. MASON. /
EOME CHOICE RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
Just think! Two blocks from Berkeley sta-
tion; 6 rooms; new; a perfect dream; $3000.
Beautiful corner house; new and well ap-
pointed; 10CO feet from Key Route; ln finely
built up neighborhood; only $4200.
A lovely Swlu chalet on a corner lot: some-
thing for thote who are artistically Inclined.
A 6-room bungalow, just being completed;
on the Reservoir Hill, one block from the Col-
lege-ave. car line.
One of the choicest corner lots ln Berkeley:
156x260 feet; beautiful «hade trees; close to
Judge Garver"a; only 2 blocks from the car
line: $2000.
1 Just one left; a lot 50x135: facing west, en
College ave.. near Stuart street; $1450.
If you are looking for an Investment ln
choice business property we have the twst the
town affords to offer, either improved or unim-
proved.
A centrally located ecrner, facing three
streets; a half of this property built up —
stores and fiats: always rented; a choice in-
vestment; $16,000.
CALL OR WRITE FOR MAPS OF THE RE-
SUBDIVISION OF THE HOPKINS TER-
S H '2. I< r?US ILI ' LOTS » BERKELEY
JOS. J. MAbON. cor. Center rt. and Shat-
tuck ave.. Berkeley.
FOUR BIG BARGAINS.
$1500— Good 6-room house, plastered; toilet,
bath, flne windmill; large lot: berries and
vegetables; street work complete; 1 block
from ears.
$2250— Large 9-room house. 2 ateries and base-
ment: upper floor rents for $14 per month;
street wcrk complete; on main street; lot
-5x100; 1 blc** frrm Key route and S. P.
station; street cars pass the door: grand
F*ftot Investment; house Insured for
$1100— I have a flne lot for sale at the Shat-
tuck-ave. entrance to Idbra Park: flne
chance to cater to the baseball and picnic
frr^v 01^ 58 ' no oth * r loU for M^e ln vicinity.
$2750— Beautiful new 6-room cottage; high
basement: gas and electricity; lot 50x135;
street work complete; handy to Key route:
fine location; $500 cash.* $25 per month
buys thl«.
$500— Handsome lot. 40x120; street work com-
1 e: »« lose t0 Key route an<1 S. P. trains:
only 30 minute* to San Francisco; $50
cash needed, balance payable $10 per
rnonth. Including interest.
C.C. EMSLIE. Asfcby station: phone Stuart 709.
OPEN SUNDAYS FROM 12 TO 2.
$6300— AX up-to-date fine home on Dwlght
-. A#v wmy: , a corner; fully Improved.
••>«>— A lot with a grand view; only three
blocks to cars; an easy grade to lot; a
snap.
$1800—£plendid corner lot In the Berry Bangs
Tract; east of Telerraph avenue
_,„ „ .W. J. MORTIMER,
2123 Center >t.. Berkeley station.
$450— SIGHTLY lots in ths Tuohy Tract; each
50x135; only a few left. W. J. MORTI-
MER A CO.. 2123 Center st.. Berkeley st.
$"60 — SEE that flne lot on Louisa street- all
street work dene and all ln fruit bear-
ing trees.
IS50 — A tulendid eorner on Rose St.; worth
$1200. W. J. MORTIMEK. 2123 Center.
$3250— A FINE Investment!
2 cottages now rented for $34 per month-
steady tenants; close to depot of S P
and Key route. Apcly to W. J. MORTI-
mer & CO.. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley. ;
$676 — NICE south front room; only 3 $4 blocks
of U. C. and Key.
$VT5— Fine 60-ft. wrst front lot en Grove et.
$1300— Sightly, choice, west front comer lot,
en Grove st. ; banrain.
$1450— Choice lot on Hillegass ave., near
Derby St.; rood buy.
$1500 — Lot 50x125; south front; paved street-
In Scenic Tract.
$2V50 — Dandy 5-room cottage; near trains; !
soap. ;;
$30CO — 6 rooms: new; nice; n»ar university !
and e tat It ; sure to sell soon.
$3900 — 7 rooms; modern; ea«t of Dana; north
cf Dwieht.
$4500—8 rooms:, new; well built: sunny; flne
views; choice location: near station.
$5000 — n rood rooms; r.ew; attractive: ex-
ceptionally well built; choice location; price
reduced; one of our best buys.
$5000—13 rooms; modern; nearly new; close
to university and trains; snap.
LYMAN ALLEN. 2129 Center st.
BIG BARGAIN IN BERKELET.
FINE LARGE PLACE.
RATHER THAN RENT, THE OWNER OF
THAT FINE PLACE AT CLAREMONT.
BERKELEY. OCCUPIED BY THE LATE '
CAESAR YOUNG FOR THE PAST FIVE !
YEARS. HAS INSTRUCTED US TO REDUCE I
THE PRICE FROM $11,000 DOWN TO »{*>*> I
THE BARE LAND IS WORTH MORE THAN
THIS. TO SAY NOTHING OF THE HOUSE I
OF EIGHT ROOMS. STABLE. WINDMILL
TANKHOUSE. ORNAMENTAL TREES
OVER AN ACRE IN FRUIT TREES. FINE
LARG.K MEADOW. ETC.: CLOSE TO ELEC- !
TRIC CARS AND SCHOOLS I
GOOD BUTS IN ALL PARTS OF OAKLAND.
APPLY TO JAS. S. NAISMITH,
S34 THIRTEENTH ST., OAKLAND.
$750 — Corner on Channing way; bargain.
$1200— Acre lot near Eanta Fe depot.
$1260— 4-room house; 4 lots; near Peralta
P ,*. rk . : furnltur *. t°ol«. *tc. all go: place for
cnlckenfl. w
$2750— New 5-room house; 4 blocks from Key
Route; street work done; cozy home.
$5500— Elegant new 8-room house; large lot;
street work done; wire fencing; flne view;
owner going away.
CHENEY & BERRY,
Postoff.ce Block,
Berkeley Station.
W. R. ELLIS A CO. HAVE JUST PL'B-
LISHED A NEW MAP OF BERKELEY I
CORRECTED TO DATE. SHOWING VPW
AND PROPOSED CAR LINES NEW
STREETS. UNIVERSITY BUILDINGS
SCHOOL HOUSES. LOCAL STATIONS ETr
A COMPLETE STREET DIRECTORY OV
THE MARGIN. PRINTED ON FINE BOND
PAPER. SIZB 22x2P. INCHES. IF YOU
WANT RELIABLE INFORMATION ABOUT
BERKELEY. WRITE TO ELLIS A, CO THE
ACTIVE REAL ESTATE DEALERS. THFY
WILL MAIL YOU A COPY OF THI8 HAND-
, SOME MAP AND LOCATE UPON IT THAT
I GOOD INVESTMENT YOU ARE LOOKING
FOR IN THE U. C. TOWN.
W. R. ELLIS Sc CO..
2160 8HATTUCK AVE.
PHONE NORTH 82.
$2800. '' '
Fine 6-rocm house just building; large lot
$2850.
2 dainty little 6-room cottages
$3900.
New 6-room house with cement basement.
* $4750.
Elegant 7-roooa house Just completed; see
this.
$5230.
8-roora house: new and modern: fine location
WE PELL THE EARTH. '
JUSTER Sc BAIRD. 2137 Shattuck ave.
FOR sale — New and nearly new houses from
$1800 to $2O-.0O0; lots from $250 to $7000; we
can sell you a desirable lot 3 blocks from
Dwight-way station, size 40x130. for $700;
will build you a house to suit on a payment
of $600 down, balance monthly; before buy-
Ing, give us a call and let us show you our
extensive list. F. H. LAWTON A CO., 2147
Center st.
A LOT. $700, on easy terms; near station;
ttreet work done.
A furnished house In good location, $1230.
J. P. HALE.
1611 Shattuck ave., 2516 Shattuck ave..
North Berkeley. , Dwlght way.
Phone Mason 732. Phone Derby 1022.
$460 — LOT 60x100; east of "Telegraph ave., nr.
car line. ¦¦
$2250 — New 6-room cottage; high basement;
near car line and Key route station.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY,
2110 Shattuck % ave., Berkeley.
$2500 — NICE cottages now constructing; five
rooms each: near station and cars; very easy
terms. •
FRANCIS FERRIER. Real Estate.
2181 Shattuck ave.. opp. BERKELEY station.
$2550— CHOICE house of 7 rooms; lot 60x150;
new cottage of 6 to 8 rooms will be changed
to suit purchaser; located 1634 Union rt.
Call or address J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
BERKKLEY homes on' e««y terms: prices
steadily advancing; buy now. HI5DEMARK
Sc JACK CO., 11 Montgomery.
Berkeley office — Lorin Station.
FINE new cottage for sale; large yard; chick-
en-house; elrgant basement. Apply to owner,
2157 Clinton ave., between Willow and Wai*
out sts.
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
W. E. RUDELL. REAL ESTATE,
Cor. Frultvale ave. and Washington St..
FRUITVALE, CAL.
Office hours— S a. m. to 0 p. m.,- Sundays
included.
. I give commutation tickets away.
Free commutation ticket to every purchaser.
fS. r »O — House 5 rooms; lot 60x80; good well;
near school: "Allendale"; terms $100 cash,
balance $10 per month.
$350 — Lot on Belmont ave., 14 block east ot
Frultvale ave.: ¦36x127.
$SKX) — House 4 rooms; lot 75x50; good well,
barn and chicken houses; near school;
terms If desired; "Allendale."
$2500 — House of 8 rooms, bath, basement, etc. ;
bearing fruit trees, berry bushes and veg-
etables, large stable and chicken houses;
lot 133x146; "corner."
$1900 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath, elee-
trio lights, high basement: 1 block from
Frultvale station; lot 60x100; $200 cash,
balance $21 60 per month.
$2200— Four acres of land near the foothills.
$1250 — One acre of land on Seminary ave.
i' $1000 — House of 2 nice rooms; lot 70x110;
I "nice location." city water and sewer.
$1700 — New modern cottage. 4 rooms, bath,
etc.: near Catholic church and car line.
$1650 — Cottage, 5 rooms and bath, on macad-
amized street, near station, school and
car line; terms $250 cash, balanoe $16 80
per month, which includes interest, prin-
cipal and taxes.
$1450— Hcuse, 4 rooms, bath, stationary wash-
tray, city water and sewer; lot 37:6x125;
close to station, school and car line;
"easy terms."
$450— Lot 60x164; 1 block east of Frultvale
ave.; "grand view"; terms $130 cash,
balance $10 per month.
$3600 — Beautiful new bouse, 7 rooms, all mod-
ern conveniences; lot 40x150; east side of
Frultvale ave.
i $3500— -House, 10 rooms; "modern"; best part
; of Frultvale: lot 50x172.
¦ $600!>— House. 9 rooma, very large reception
hall, 4 mantels, electric call bells; 3 extra
rooms finished ln basement; gas and
electric lights; stable, large lawn, flowers
and shrubbery; grand view of bay; lot
100x150; 1 block from, car line; "good
neighborhood."
$100 — Small chicken ranch; house of S rooms,
80 chickens, 2 goats, chicken house, some
furniture; lot 100x115; rent $4 per month;
$20 per month rents large warehouse; will
hold from 50 to 100 tons of hay; 7 stalls,
3 box stalls.
ONE-MONTH COMMUTATION TICKET
FREE TO EACH PURCHASER.
TT. E. RUDEIX,
Cor. Frultvale ave. and Washington St..
One block from station,
FRUITVALE, CAL.
Office open Sundays, 8 a. m. to 6 p. m.
ELROD & HULL.
No. 14— $2000 — A new 6-room house. Just
finished; high banement; bath, pantry, station- '
ary wash trays; connected with main sewer; 1
city water; located 2 blocks from good school,
4 blocks from local station and V4 block from
car line; lot 60x100.
No. 13 — $2500 — A 6-room cottage; high base-
ment; both, pantry, stationary wash trays;
connected with main sewer; city water, gas,
electric lights; porner lot, 37x125; this is a
bargain; no hot air proposition.
No. 1 — $2200 — A new 6-room house. Just fin-
ished; this house Is strictly up-to-date ln every
respect; large lot; lovely view of mountain*
and bay; we can sell you this place for $200 ,
cash; balance same as rent; don't fall to see
this place.
No. 25— $19 per front foot; on 27th ave.;
cower, city water, gas, electric service; . lots
are over 200 feet deep; the b«st building lots
lu FruitvaJe at that price; only a few. left.
No. 14 — $4000 — A good paying grocery busi-
ness for sale, consisting of two houses and
I barn; complete grocery stock and household
i furniture: hona», buggy, cart, cow; everything I
goes with place; this Is an old established
business; must be sold; owner going away.
No. 15 — $1800— 4-room bungalow; bath, pan-
try, sewer, city water; corner lot, 86x140; we
ran eell you this place for $400 cash, balance
same as rent.
No. 11— $2200 — A house of 6 large rooms,
windmill and tank; lot 70x120; this place can
be bought for $400 cash, balance a flat loan
at 8 per cent interest.
i No. 34— $300— Chicken ranch. 300 chickens,
chicken-houBes. brooders. Incubators, wire fenc-
ing and everything belonging to the businens; i
4-room house on 2 acres of land, all ln fruit,
for rent for $12 per month.
No. 37 — $1300 — A 4-room house, high bane- 1
ment, bath, psntry, stationary washtubs, wind- ]
mill and 'tank: water piped for supplying 5'
other houses; lot 37:6x122. with alley in rear.
This elegant little home Is located 3 blocks
from Frultvale local station; commutation ,
tickets to San Francisco $3 -per month.
Frultvale Is a paradise among roses: the '
choicest of all locations a round the bay; call
on u# and we will prove It to you. Send for
full printed lists and maps.
ELROD AND HULL. 1310 Frultvale ave.,
l'i blocks from local station.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. Cal.
$1350— Fine cottage of * rooms, bath, washing-
room; lot 37:6x100; flne garden: city
water; sewered; 2 blocks from Frultvale
station: easy terms If desired.
$1050 — Good substantial cottage of 6 rooms,
reception hall, bath, mantel; all modern
and strong house; lot 50x122:6 to 16-foot
alley ln rear; 4 blocks from S. P. local
station; small payment down, balance
like rent.
$925 — Very good cottage of 4 rooms; about 3
blocks from Ftuitvale ave.: flne garden,
fruit trees, choice flowers: lot £0x106;
about $100 down, balance $10 per month.
$1050— Large lot. 70x100; ln center of Frult-
vale; cottage of 2 fine rooms; sewered;
city water; 16 fruit trees; close in.
$1650 — New, modern cottage of 4 rooms, hall
and bath, high basement; lot 3Sxl25: all
fenced; 4 blocks from P. P. local station;
terms to suit.
$1SOO — Extra good house of 4 rooms, hall, bath
and '1 finished rooms ln basement: also
new carpets in double parlors, gas, etc ; !
lot 37:6x135; fruit trees; 3 blocks from j
local station; a grand place for the money, j
$1873 — Attractive cottage of ? rooms, hall,
bath, attic; all floored; lot 60x275; on
block north ot E. 14th st. and clous to
broad-gauge local station; easy terms if I
desired. j
$2100 — New. modern cottage of 4 extra large ;
rooms high basement, all floored; lot 75x ;
200, to rear street; location handy to cars j
and school and desirable for raising chick- '
ens. etc. ~ •.¦ I
$1650 — New oottage of -4 large rooms, all mod- I
ern; magnificent view and flne neighbor- j
hood; lot 33x104; street work all done; j
cement walks, etc.. and on car line;
small sum down, balance easy payments. |
Three years' leaee, wtth all the stock, HO I
chickens, etc.. for sale for $150; rent $10 ,
per month for -'/i acres and nice little
cottage, good water, etc. : a good chance
to get a chicken ranch In Frultvale.
H. A. ELEITNER, Frultvale Station, Cal.
L. L. M. SALSBURY. Exclusive Agent for
SATHER TRACT.
Lots 40x125^*430.
Lots 60x200,: J7«>. •
LotB 60x200. on 14th «t., $000.
Sathrr station on the grounds: many cot- j
taxes now bulldln«r. Look for the red flag. |
SATHER TRACT. !
Office Frultvale ave.. near P. O. 1
S. F. office, 520 Montgomery st. |
FOR sale— $2750: It cost $3750; rents for $20 !
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.,
East Oakland.
FIIUITVALE FURNISHED ROOMS.
THREE housekeeping rooms; pantry: closet;
use of bath and laundry; large grounds; $25.
1417 Fremont ave.. Fruttvale.
OAKLAND ADV ? T ? SM ? NTS.
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL KflTATB.
SACRIFICE SALE.
OWING TO -THE REMOVAL FROM THIS
CITY. THE OWNER WILL SE2LL HIS
HOME:' COLONIAL COTTAGE; 5 LARGE
ROOMS: RECEPTION HALL; EXCELLENT
ARRANGEMENT OF ROOMS: BATHROOM
INCLUDES ALL THE MODERN FEATURES;
A SPECIAL FEATURE IS THE FRESCOED
CEILINGS; COMBINATION FIXTURES FOR
LIGHTING: TO APPRECIATE THE BEAU-
TY OF THIS HOME. YOU'VE GOT TO SEE
IT.
APPLY AT PREMISES. 690 BROCKHURST
ST., BET. GROVE AND WEST.
or
HOLCOMB, BREED A BANCROFT, INC.,
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
BEAUTIFUL BOULEVARD TRACT.
THE CHOICEST RESIDENCE PROPERTY
IN .OAKLAND. OVERLOOKING LAKE
MERRITT. SEVERAL VERY DESIRABLE
LOTS LEFT. SEVERAL ELEGANT RES1-
DENCES ALREADY COMPLETED AND
MORE IN THK «X>URSE OF COMPLETION
AND TO BE BUILT AT ONCE. CHEAPEST
LAND. CONSIDERING LOCATION. . CLASS
OF HOMES. ETC.. IN THK CITY. "KEY
ROUTE" SERVICE DIRECT TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO AFTER JULY 1. IF YOU ARE GOINO
TO BUY A SITE FOR A HOME DON'T FAIL.
TO INVESTIGATE THI8 PROPERTY. FOIt
FULL PARTICULARS SEE
j. h. McDonald & co., ¦
1052 BROADWAY,
OAKLAND.
¦¦¦ ¦ zzm • ¦
$200 CABH — New house, 6 rooms, near Key
• Route station, Oakland: must have money
at once: a bargain. Owner, 10 Chronicle
building, S. FTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, . JUNE 19. 1904.
44
BUSINESS CHASCES— Continued. i
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy st.. corner Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well-furnished 5-room ark, moored
•one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; all modern conveniences; new, one
year; price $£'00' complete. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st. .-- -. ¦
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishlnr
goods business; cheap rent; G'/j years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners In city; do-
ing fine business; other interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmr.-hae. or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith ' business;
central -location; established 9 years;- rent
$30; clear* $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
- must Bell on account of other business. CAM-
ERON <fe CO.. 3 Eddy uU
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 2T years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, eta. ;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO., 8 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kind* of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
$800— RESTAURANT: . heart of city: north
Market. Berg, Armstrong & Co., 318 Kearny.
$3600— SALOON; 2 years' lease, privilege of
more. Berg, Armstrong & Co., 318 Kearny.
SEE Berg, Arm«trong & Co., 818 Kearny; if
you want to buy or sell,' don't forgst to rive
us a call. . ¦ -
PACIFIC Real Estate Co., 1015 Market st.
$90; cigar store, at corner saloon. _
$1500; half finest roadhouse in Alameda Co.
$1200 and $550; awell flats. Van Ness ave.
$1100; grocery and bar on Folsom st.
$300; rrocery and liquor store; 3 living nn*.
$35O-rSECURES % Interest In fine paying com-
mission' business clearing $150 monthly | to
each ; references exchanged: experience un-
necessary, but must be sober and reliable.
: Particulars, 10071s Markt St., room 1.
$325 — PARTNER wanted; manufacturing arti-
cles of dally use; sure profit of $90 a month
to each; owner well-known practical man.
DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market Bt.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted In light business:
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with
S15 to $30 a week; trial given before buy-
Ing. 47 Geary St., room S.
J1200— GROCERY and barroom; well stocked;
prominent corner, including 3 flats paying
half rent: 5 years' lease; rent $70: price
$1200: cause. sickness. MERCHANTS'
AGENCY. 1008K Market at.
$500 BUYS fine paying restaurant north of
Market; will stand thorough Investigation;
bargain. California Invest. Co.. 777^ Mrket.
A CANDY store and factory: must sell: cheap
rent; come make offer. 328 Hayes st.
CLEAN up-to-date stationery, notion, confec-
tionery, etc.; 6 living rooms. 650 Geary et.
SALOON license and fixtures for sale. See
owner, 1 to 2 or I to T p. m., 660 Howard st.
MUST sell promptly (any price), old estab-
lished notion, etc., store. Owner. 1015 Markt.
Brokers and promoters who are able to control
or Influence placing of orders for manufacture,
of bonds & stock certificates can form a
profitable and pleasant connection with large
Eastern house engaged In manufacture of
these and other similar forms & doing large
business In bank note engraving and lith-
ography, address box "501. Call office.
CHARCOAL burners — We have 200 acres
beavy oak. manzanlta and madrone timber
to tirn Into charcoal;- will sell for royalty
< r percentage; three miles from R. R. ; down
hill; easy to reach. Hermosa Ranch Co.,
Cloverdale, Cal.
FOR sale — Coffee, tea and spice route over
IS years' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars in-
quire at 119 Front- at., between 11 a. tn.
] and 1 p. m.
ONE of. the best groceries In the. Mission for
¦ale. as a whole or In part; good family
liquor trade. Address box 1096, Call office.
RESTAURANT In factory district for sale.
Address box F. Call Branch, lwu Mission st.
SALOON for sale at a bargain, on account of
rlckneis. 141 Second st.
CIGAR stand and billiard hall. 155, Seventh
St.; cheap.
HAIRDRESSERS — Call and aee my place;
must sell; make offer.' 1153 Market st.
CALL route for sale; a fine large Call rout*
In the city of Alameda. Box £179, CalL
FINE newspaper rout* tor sal*. Inquire at
this office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALe7
A- CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
8 -Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chance*.
65 rooms: best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 penr month; every-
thing flrst-clasa condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only '$70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class.
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $C00 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rent: 10 years' lease; close In:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
rood lease.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house: luxuriously furnished; rrand entrance:
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
8 rooms; fin* upper fiat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $100 down, balance time;
$450.
32 rooms: cheap rent; 2 years' lease: fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything; in
first-class condition; good furniture and ear-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition In city; price $3200.
T-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; rood
carpets; sickness; price $360.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house: has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction if desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness interests demand Immediate departure.
14 room*; rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
106 rooms; cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
19 room*; rent only $100; well furnished;
little apartment- house ; reduced to $1500.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85: oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
180 rooms; grand, new. modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease: paying $500 to $600 per month:
close in; full nice people: bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house: all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best. buys In the city.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON <fe CO.. 3 Eddy st. ,
THIRTY room*, nicely furnished, lease... $3500
26 rcom#, all men roomers, low rent. . . . 1000
115 room*, low rent, country transient.. 5000
SI rooms, rent only $55 1600
40 rooms, rent $70. transient 1500
81 rooms, rent $3 per room......'. 8400
. Money to . loan on . furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
TO LODGING-HOUSE PEOPLE— "
$1800 buys^ 22-room house on Market «t,
clearing $100 up per month; steady roomers and
neat house.. See • . ¦ . >
EUREKA REALTY CO.. 783^ Market at.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1208 Marltet st.
If you want to buy a house or flat on easy
terms, large list to select from, try . MITCH-
ELL tco.
$3000 (POSITIVELY no less) buys swellest 28-
room houee in city: clears over $200 month;
always f ull ; rent $135 ; . reason, going away.
Box 1065 Call office.
$C00— TRANSIENT~house; 16 rooms; furnished;
3 -years' lease. MERCHANTS' AGENCY.
lOOSVi Market st.
ELEGANTLY furnished, thoroughly establlsh-
• ed boarding-house for sale at a bargain.
Apply at 1210 Tenth st, Oakland.
$300— 10-room lodging-house; always full: in-
come $30. Inquire 823 Howard st. after 12 m.
CARPET BEATING A?TOjCLgA?nWg«
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleanlnr carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are ai*o
cleaned by compressed air st »h°P. P^f'"
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleanlnr
Co.. 308 Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479. '
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
; **nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lnr Works, 355-357, Tehama at. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.— J"' rBt - cIa ."
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission jj.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; Jc Tel. Mlsslonj225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beatlns Works.
333 Golden Gale av3. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop*.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; teL Mission 263.
_ CUBUS EUPTUBS.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder, $10; no
discomfort. 120tt Market at.; send for circular.
V DEXTISTS^
A N EW "pUte^-The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. : crown. $3 60; fillings. 6Oc:
! I plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
; warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Slxtn.
i DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plate* are
made; old plates mads over like new; teeta
from $8 per set; extracting 60c; ras riven.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the
Grant building. 1005 Market. 2d floor; all
I first-class dentistry at low prices.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowna.$2 up: fllHngs.25c
FREE examination with chart at the New
York Dentists. 969 Mission St.. BE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c: sliver. 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
EDUCATIONAL.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 73S Mission
et.. between Third and Fourth: more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting rives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BCSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night »»sslons; illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1436 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduatea: Pit-
j man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $3 mo.
AYRE8 the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; established IS years; special discount
during month of June: catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mines Sk Electrtcity.24 Post
st.. S. F.; a .practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. 8peclal catalogue free.
DANCING — Adults. Mon. and Fri. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5; prtv. lessons daily. Flnd-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mtn.. mech.. *ur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; esL 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
ARITHMETIC, grammar, reading, wrltlnsr
private lessons; lady school teacher. 229
Franklin at., near Hayes.
8PANI6H claws and private; fourth success-
ful year of teaching. Prof. Maya. 427 Butter.
ARITHMETIC, algebra.bookkeeptng.shorthand;
day, eve. Western Bus. College. 1107 Market.
ENGLISH branches and literature: private les-
sons to foreigner*. MISS FAGEN. 220 Halght.
CALIFORNIA Business College^ 025 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. S3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 82S Halght st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
OAKLAND FEMALE EMPLOYMENT BU-
REAU. 906 Washington St.: phone Red 241 —
We have opened an employment office and
now add real estate: -w« have a number of
places for sale; call and see us. We furnish
all kind* of work for men and women ; special
attention paid to furnishing ranch help.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanes»-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5782.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton";
best help. Fritz Tamagakl. mgr. ; tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chines* Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab, 20 years.
TeL Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEJIALB.
AT MISS PLUNKETTS
Employment Bureau. 425 Sutter st., near
Powell (male and female) — Reliable help of
all nationalities are alwaye registered;
prompt attention paid to country order*.
Telephone Main 6472: office hours, 8:30 to
6:80 p. m., Sunday excepted.
RESPECTABLE woman. Is. a good cook and
laundress, in a private American family;
I will go a short way* in country; likes chil-
dren; from $15 to $20; will give reference.
264 H Tehama st.
COMPETENT North German girl wishes posi-
tion a* nurse to child from 1 year up; ex-
perienced In traveling; first-class reference;
city or country. 603 Steiner at.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress want* work at
home; work neatly done; guaranteed: at
moderate price*. Address MRS. YAGER,
28% Moss st.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by
the day or at home: $2 and lunch. 27B
Pearl at., between Market. Valencia and
Thirteenth sts.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements, con-
finements, invalids, massage; painstaking;
references: moderate terms. MRS. KING,
917 Geary *t.
WOMAN Grants situation in small family to
take care of children or housework: ctty or
country. Address 636 Third st. MRS. CLU-
NESS.
A — WOMAN wants position, working house-
keeper; rooming-house. S24 Mason et., phone
Btack 2396.
WIDOW with two children, ages 2 and 3
years, wishes housekeeper's position In aged
party's or couple's home. Box 3587. Call.
YOUNG woman with references wants house
cleaning by the day. $1 50 per day and car
fare. 760 McAllister st.. basement.
CAPABLE, woman wants work; small washing,
sweeping and window cleaning; $1 50 day;
work satisfactory. 1518A Howard st.
SITUATION wanted by Scotch woman to tak«
corn of house during the > summer months.
Address box 3574, Call office.
A NEAT youur rlrl desires situation; family;
to assist housework; $20. Address box 3511.
Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day: washing or
housecleanlng; $1 60 and carfare. Call or
address MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayea at.
REFINED yuttng lady would like position as
nurse for child In refined home; best of refer-
ence. Box 3506. Call office.
GOOD atronr English woman wants washing
ironing or housecleanlng; $1 SO day; not
afraid of work. Box 10C2. Call office.
REFINED young girl, would "like .position as
companion or take care of children. Address
; box 1018. Call office.
; A RELIABLE woman wants position to do
light housework: small family: wages $12.
! Address Call -branch office. 1941 Mission st.
YOUNG German woman want* work by the
day: first-class laundrers. ' 2 Hyde place, off
Hyde st.
A MOTHER and son would. like to cook for
; men anywhere. Address box 1218, Call of-
fice, Oakland.
* YOUNG woman wishes situation as nuraerirL
81 Federal it.
A GIRL wishes position to do light housekeep-
ing for a young couple. Box 3577. Call office.
¦ ANY kind of housework or care" of children.
Box 1061. Call office.
WANTED — Position to assist with housework
• Box 2159, Call office. \
RESPECTABLE woman wishes housework"*
city or country. Apply 361 Minna st.
COMPETENT woman wants position as cham-
bermaid; city or country. Box 1042. Call.
LADY wants housework by the day' Apply
NEAT, competent woman desires work bv th<»
day. Apply 813 Baker »t.
A NEAT young French girl desire* .ituatlon-
second work: $25. Address box 3504, Call.
' A YOUNG woman wantk work by day Phone
Scott 1324. -.
i '
FRUIT picking country wanted by four young
women. 324 Mason st.. phone Black 2396.
WOMAN with a child wishes work in the coun-
try. Address box 1024, Call office.
YOUNG lady want* a position as bookkeeper.
1 210 Dolores at.-
I l.«l>r;iNfi ITOt!«IR<» FOR «AT.E— C*»n.
MARION GRIFFIN.
*
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
i Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 8607.
j Rooming-houses and hotels for sale. i
j BONA FIDE 'OPENING to June 18; 200
rooms; some elegant furniture; building
NEW and MODERN; long lease: low rent;
price $15,000; cut to $7000: % cash.
•• - • ' MARION GRIFFIN.
SUMPTUOUSLY FURNISHED 50-room house:
highly respectable and now clearing $214
monthly: opened In May, 1903; 6-year lease;
everythlne strictly first class.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SNAP THIS — 26 rooms for $1000; north of
Market: 2-year lease; low rent; sunny side:
not gorgeously furnished, but doing a good
business./ MARION GRIFFIN.
SEVERE SICKNESS causes sale of 24-room
. house for $1100; certainly worth $1500; cen-
trally located ; terms % each; profit $75,
should be $1000 monthly.
¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW! AND MODERN corner house of 43
rooms; beautifully furnished In mahogany,
blrdseye maple; velvet carpets: 4 blocks
north of Market; long lease If desired.
- - MARION GRIFFIN.
FIRST-CLASS furniture; new carpets; 20 large
rooms; rent $85; strictly, respectable; profit
exactly $72 monthly; price $1500; near Oeary
St.; sunny side. MARION GRIFFIN.
N. B. — 14 LARGE rooms and big porches in
fine neighborhood; respectable, steady ten-
ants; 2 floors; very easy to care for: worth
, $1200; cut to $700; clears $40.
MARION GRIFFIN.
AND a $1000 house going for $500;
if* a nice, newly painted 10-room house in
the geographical center of the city; rent $40
and Income $74 monthly.
. MARION GRIFFIN.
NEARLY. $3000 profit yearly; fine big house,
well furnished: nice class of men roomers:
cash price $0000, or % cash and in other
property; it's a fine proposition.
¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
SELECT FAMILY HOTEL: 40 rooms; clearing
$195 monthly; price $2500.
MARION GRIFFIN.
CASH $100, balance $10 monthly: 8-room cor-
ner flat: newly calclmined: piano.
• MARION GRIFFIN.
$400— NEATLY furnished flat, 7 room*/ bath,
etc.: two windows to each room: ras and
electricity; rent 130. MERCHANTS' AGEN-
CY, 1008 H Market st.
8-ROOM new flat and furniture at own price;
cost $600; make offer. Tel. South 1066.
FOR sale — 11 rooms; always full; sunny corner;
leaving city. 201 Sixth st.
FOR sale— Lodging-house: 231 Third *t.: 20
rooms | owner sick; price $950; rent $75.
LODGING HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — To buy lodging house of about 80
to 35 rooms. Box 823, Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, clairvoyant, business me-
dium; advice on mining <t Invest. ; devel. dr.
Thurs.. 8. 920 O'Farrell; tel. Hyde 1787.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
MRS. CONNOLL, 148 Sixth St.— Tranc* me-
dium: meeting every night, 10c; ladles' meet-
Ing Wednesday at 2, 10c.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se-
ance Sun, eve.. 50c. 328 Ellis; sit, dally.
PRO"". FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
elate-writer. 1112 Eddy St.; phone Scott 887.
DO you want to develop medlumshlp? If so,
address box 10SO. Call.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ASSURED Success for You.
CaU at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
• $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 • $1 $1 ft
No charge— No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to b» full judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for: I tell
you if husband, wife or lover Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry, how to gain
the love of tho one you desire: in fact, I will
tell you every hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; his advice Is re-
liable, his powers are wonderful and Indis-
putable: he Improves your character so that
you will reach the highest possible develop-
ment In mental a=d bodily vigor, health,
happiness and capacity to earn wealth: the
controlling power implanted in your nature,
so you can control any one secretly: gives
advice on mining and buried treasure; gives
you success In life: he guarantees you suc-
cess or charges nothing for his services. 10
a. m. to 8 p. m.; closed Sunday.
326 O'Farrell street— 326.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATIONS of the NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
For a reliable and Intelligent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE. 428 Eddy St.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
¦what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROFESSOR
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling' you, find the cause of trouble ' and
surcest the remedy.
He is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he Is for hi* original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
Would It not be a relief to know how you
will gucceed. to be relieved of the matters that
are troubling you and of the schemes of your
enemies, that you may meet with better success?
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test
Is of little value; when the mind Is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
Permanently located 428 Eddy st.: 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bids.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble.
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4509.
MRS. GENTRY, famous divine healer, clalr-
voyant, palmist, business medium; fortunes
told correctly; dreams interpreted; • flow of
blood stopped Instantly; cures fits, rheuma-
tism. St. Vltus dance, dropsy and almost any
. ailments and afflictions: will give names of
people she has cured in the Mission; consul-
tation free; consult this endowed woman and
be made well and happy; treatments and
readlnes by mall; at home every day and
eveninr. 2725 Mission st.. between 23d and
2Uh. 8. F.. Cal. Phone Church 762.
MME. K. ROTHENBERG. greatest clairvoyant
' and spiritual medium; assured success for you
by consulting her on matters of business, such
as love, marriage, law suits, family troubles,
etc. '.consultation with Mme.Rothenberg would
mean success, enlightenment, absolute happi-
ness; business confidential; hours 1(1 a.m. to 8
. p.m.; Sundays 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. MME. ROTH-
ENBERG. 1371 Ellls.bet.Laruna. & Buchanan
MME.PORTER.celebrated clairvoyant u-'lam.
card reader, born with a double veil ana sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future: I.
60c, g. by cards $1; palmistry and clairvoyant
sit.. $1 CO. 290 O'Farrell st., near Mason.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 EUls. clairvoyant crya-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without aaklng a quea-
- tlon: names given: special. $1: hour* 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, clairvoyant, business me-
dium; advice on mining & invest.: devel.clr.
Thurs.. 8. 920 O'Farrell: tel. Hyde 1787.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst. clalrvoyant.card
reader:when others fall try me;good readings
2Sc. 721 Franklln.nr.G.Q.ave.Tel.Larkln42O7.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life: business advice;
names Riven :25c up. 835 Howard. bet.4th.43th.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts: reacMags dally. S17 Market st.
, MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 60c. 951 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Bun. I
MME. ODELL returned iclalrvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves; 25o up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy. >
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. 23%
Sixth st.: ladies 25c; gents 50c.
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seere**. will
. return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BAUMANX. the well-known fortune.
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader sit- '
tings, dally. 44SH Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND. SEAMSTRESSES
SUCCESS! SUCCESS! SUCCESS*!
MCDOWELL'S oldest and most successful
school.: alwaye In the lead because we give
the best system of dress-cutting; thorough
instruction In every de't and good-paylnr po-
sition; only millinery • business course; pat-
. terns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Market.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. .1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaltlng. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor. '
j EMPLOYMBXT WASTED — FEMALE.
A WOMAN wl.ohes work by the day. Call at
723Vb Broadway.
WOMAN want* work of any kind. 377Vi Na-
toma et. -
FIRST-claa* dressmaker will go out by the
day; $2 a day. 407 Van Ness ave.
EXPERIENCED children's nur-e desires po«l-
. tlon to take full charge; a fine sewer; Ger-
man. Address Nurse, Call branch. 300
Hayes st.
YOUNG lady, experienced, with exceptional
ability, wlsh-s position as stenographer; best
references. Box 105!\ Call office.
\ COMPETENT lady wishes a position as
working housekeeper or cook in country.
42S» Grove^
LAUNDRESS want* work by day: 2 first
days In week. 743 Folsom; phone Red 577.
WOMAN wishes plain washing to do home;
reasonable. Apply 129 Clara St.. la rear.
STENOGRAPHER with several years of ex-
perience desires position: country preferred.
Address 44 Woodward avenue, city.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recetved at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
WANTED— $400 at 1 per cent per month;
good security. Box 1075. Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED 31itIiW.
A SITUATION wanted in private family by
first-class horseman, Danish, age 27; city or
suburbs: thoroughly competent to drive and
i care for fancy horses, attenJ garden, can
milk, etc.; understands evarythlnr pertalnlnr
to coachman's duties; refs. Box 1005. Call.
YOUNG man. 24. honest, of good habits and
willing to work, would like position as clerk
or any other work; references. Box SSae,
Call office. .
MARRIED man wishes situation as foreman
or manager of dairy or ranch: loax experi-
ence and best of references riven. Box 1060*
Call office. _______
MECHANICAL draurhtsman. rood destraar
and detailer. 18 years' experience mlntnr.
stationary, marine, want* position or work
at home. Box 3393. Call.
A BRIGHT, honest younr man of 17. resid-
ing with parents, wlshee to work in whole-
sale house or learn good trade; one wh» can
furnish best of references. Box 106S. CaU.
ENGINEER wishes steady position raanlnr
boiler* and dynamoes: all-round work; good
mechanic; best references. Address 819
Lannrton *t.. city.
CARPENTER, cabinetmaker, thoroughly ex-
perienced, rood workman, understand* his
business also rood draughtsman for cabinet
work, wants work; $3 a day. Box 1025. Call.
BARTENDER, experienced. German, wishes a
position: gives best of references. Box 3383.
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged man a*
valet In first-class private family: would
travel; references given. Box 1062. Call.
BOOKKEEPER wants position with chance to
work up; best references riven. Address
box 1051. Call office^
FIRST-CLASS solicitor and canvasser, can
handle any line, would like to engage with
reliable parties. Box 104*1. Call office.
SITUATION wanted; young man of IS; wlllln*
to work; clerical or office work preferred.
Box 1056. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position; will do any kind
of work. Address box 3580; Call office.
A BOOKKEEPER with several years' experi-
ence tn this city In wholesale and rr.fsr. ao»
countlng. desires position. Box 3573. CalL
BLACKSMITH, all round man. can furnish,
tools If necessary. Address W. R. COCH-
RAN. 630 Cay St., Adams House.
RELIABLE man. sober and steady, want*
work as stablemau, city or country: goud
with stock; references. Box 3567, Call.
A STRONG young man (23) wishes a position
to work around country store: can tlrlvn a
team; references. Address 1115 Steiner St.
MAN and wife want situations to sur>erinten<l
lodginy-house: experienced: north of Wash-
ington *t- M. B.. 841 Filbert st.
FLOOR manager; position on floor by thorough-
ly experienced man; beat references; mod-
erate salarv. Box 1009. fall.
YOUNG s'ngl? man. Just from Kast. wants p>-»-
> sitlon as coachman: experienced horseman;
'- reference* given. Call lCSH Ninth »t.. city.
COACHMAN, thoroughly understand* care of
horsen: good gardener; wife good cook and
laundress: references. S. D.. +14 1» Jessie st.
WANTED — Position by Japanese couple: man
is good cook and wife for general house-
work. F. FUJI I. K9 Stevenson St."
YOUNG man wishes position as driver of de-
livery wagon. Address box 2153. Call office.
BOY 14 years old wishes a steady Job. HEN-
RY LEY. 3136 Pierce st.
EOT wants position In office. Box 8539. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as plumber**
helper. Box 8592. Call office.
YOUNG man desires position a* pianist. Ad-
dress IL L.. 810 Turk at.
WANTED — A position aa barkeeper. 8.
•WOLF. 316 Jessie St.
YOUNG boy wishes to run errands for stores
age 14 years. 1415 Sixteenth ave. sooth.
WANTED — Job a* porter In saloon. Box S573.
CaU office.
WANTED — Light employment of aay ktad.
Apply ROBT. CHRISTIE. 30 Post St.
WANTED — Situation as elevator operator.
Box 1070. Call.
STTTJATIOX as floorwalker. Box 1084. CHL
WAITER wants position; oountry. Box S503.
Call office.
A MAN wants position. Box S5U. Can.
ANY commercial work; reliable maa eaa rtw
afternoons at moderate wages. Box 3313. Call,
SITUATION as eook on baker rang* or «wi|
hotel. H. LEROY. 71S Greenwich st.
ERRAND boy wishes a situation. Can 1324
'Capp *t.
ENGINEER, rood electrician, want* fodtltm
factory or larre building. Box 1003. Call.
WANTED — A Job as store boy. Box 10M
Call office.
BOY want* work; 13 years old. 1123 Lagan*
street.
YOUNG man wants any kind of work. 10Q
Eleventh »t.
YOUNG man. IS years old. wants r~ni~a
driving wagon. 1519 Mission st-
W ANTED — Man wantst position a* helper at
dor kennel*. Box 151L 1008 Market at.
POSITION as flr»t-c!as« waiter. Box 1310^
IOCS Market st. >
POSITION as cook. Box 1509. 1008 Market st.
POSITION wanted by butcher; 10 years' ex-
perience; reliable. Box 1217, Call. Oakland.
MAN and wife want work of any kind. In tit*
south preferred. Box 2181, Call.
HOTEL manager, caterer or steward: fifteen
years' references, four years as manager C
P. R. Railroad. Southern Pacific: hotel 'and
club references; English; age 33; married-
no family. Box 3517. Call office.
Al BARTENDER wishes position; city or
country: flrat-class references. Address A
F. BROWN. El Dorado Salobn. Montgomery
and Sacramento sts.
NURSE (male) requires position: graduate
training school: six years' experience mental
cases; first-class references, p, R.. 1235 Mar-
ket st.
SOBER, energetic young married man. good
education, wants position: experienced In
clubs and grocery business. Box 1063. CalL.
YOUNG man. well educated and capable, now
acting as rpecial coast agent for a large
English company, desires to make a perma-
nent connection with a responsible house on
the coast: best of references; Al salesman.
Box 1508. 1C03 Market at. '
Painter, paper-hanger, signwrlter. wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom it.; phone Mint 131.
JAPANESE boy wants good position as school
boy. T. HIHI. 41S Post st.
JAPANESE boy wants to care for garden and
horse in country. 725 Geary st.
JAPANESE bookkeeper desires suitable work.
201 N Second St.. San Jose.
i JAPANESE honest boy wants position as bed-
maker In hotel or lo<ljt Ing-bouse. 869 Geary
st.; telephone. Hyde 20M4.
JAPANESE fir»t-cla«# cook would like a sltua-
tlon In private family, thoroughly under-
stands hl» work, with several years' expert-
ence. 121 Haisht at.
JAPANESE couple want places; man as plain
cook, wife to do ti.rjs-fwi.rk and wait at
] ¦ table; wages $.".5 up month. 451 Jessie st.
JAPANESE boy wants position as butler; has
good recommendation; city or country. i:!»>i
Post st.. Japanese Mission: phone Polk 2157.
JAPANESE nice boy wants a position as wait-
er and houseworker In good family. HEN-
KY, 121 Halght st., Japanese Y. Ja. C *-
CHVHCH SKKVICE8.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and Flllmore sts.— Rev. John HerophUl.
1). D-, pastor. Morning service at 11 o clock- ;
sermon u>plc. "The Possibilities of 'Faith.
evening service at 7:45 o'ciock: eermon topic.
••A Great Question." The ptator will preacn
at both sen-lcea. Sabbath school at 9:30
a. m.; orchestral music Christian Endeavor
meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting Wed-
nesday eveninr at 8 o'clock. All are cor-
qially invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Nesa ave.
and Sacramento rt.— Re* William Kirk
tjuthne pastor. Services at 11 *, m. and
7-45 p. m. The pastor will preach at both
strvlces. Sabbath school. »:40 a. m. Chris-
tian Endeax-or. 5:M p. m. and 6:30 p. tn.
Wednesday. S p. m., midweek sen-lcea. All
are cordially Invited. >
TRINITY Presbyterian Church, corner Twen-
tv-tlilni and Capp sts.. Rev. Edward K.
Strong, pastor — Divine worship at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. Pastor will preach in the
morning on "God's Dealings With Men,"
snd in the evening on "Four Gospels; Why?" ,
lUble school at noon. Endeavor Society at
6:45 p. m. Strangers welcome at all services.
FTKST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason ets. — Rev. Georxe. C Adams, D.D..
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. in., topic. "God Tabernacles With Men."
At 7:45 p. m.. topic, *The Discoveries of a
Toting Man." All are cordially Invited.
E1MPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
<'burch. corner Hayes and Buchanan sts..
Rer. John Stephens, pastor — Sermon at 11 ,
a. in. by the p»sto- and at 7:45 p. m. by
Rev. W. S. Matthew. D.D. Sunday school
at 12:39 p. m.. C. B. Perkins superintendent,
irpworth League at 6:45* p. m. A cordial
welcome for-a!l» •
CENTRAL M. B. Church. Mission st.. between
Sixth and Seventh — The pastor. Rev. George
v. White, will preach at both services to-
day. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Sun- \
day-school at 12:45. Rolla V. Watt (superin-
tendent. Young people's meetings at 6:15.
• "hurch is within easy access of all downtown
hotels. Good music. Seata free.
XBIVITT Church Bush and Gougb sta. — Rer.
Frederick W. ClampeU. D.D.. rector. Holy
communion. 7:30 a. m. and II a. m. Sun-
day-school, 9:30 a. m. Mornlnr service and !
holy communion. 11 a. m. Evening service,
• o'clock. Rev. Clifton Macon of Trinity i
Church. Oakland, will preach at both ser-
vices. You are- heartily invited.
UNITARIAN Church (First). SW. cor. Geary
and Franklin sta.— Rev. Bradford Leavltt, !
minister. Junior church and Sunday-echool
are suspended during vacation. Sunday ser-
vice is at 11 'o'clock. There Is no evening
service. Rev. «^hri!«topher Ruess will preach.
Subject. ••Simeon's Prophecy on the Child
Jesu*." Music by quartet, under direction
of H. Bretherick. organist. All are cor-
dially invited^
FIRST Baptist Church. 325 Eddy st.— Rev. I*
P. Russell preaching. 11 a. m.. »wno».
Tonto, •'Nature end Design of GospeL"
12:30 t» m.. Bible school. 6:30 p. m.,
Christian Endeavor roeetiturs. 7:80 p. «n.i
sermon. Topic. "Historically True, MoraUv
False." Prayer meeting Wednesday, 7:45
¦ p. m. All are corlially invited to the abova
senices. Seats free. ___^
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutter Ft., bet. Kearny and Grant
jive. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m.
Subject of lessen sermon, ••Christian Sci-
ence." Sunday-school for children at the
same hour. Wednesday evening meeting at
8 o'clock. Free readlns-room. 206 Kearny
St., rooms 609-510. All are welcome.
JmRT KeASLET Mission. 824 Howard st.— '
Revival services as follows: Rev. Samuel :
<'onn will preach this evening at 7:45 o'clock.
Mrs. E. G. Humphries, prison missionary. ;
will conduct the services Monday evening.
Ttev. C, C. Herriott on Tuesday. Wednesday.
Thursday and Friday evenings. AH are in-
vited. Salvation only through the finished
work of the Lcrd Jesus Christ. j
A GREAT urion mas* meeting for men er- \
e!ueH-#-iy rill be held at the Young Men's i
<":iristtan A*=?ociatlon auditorium. Mason and
Ellis sts. this afternoon at 3 o'clock. Ttie :
address will be given by Rev. William Ra-
oer. who has selected for his subject "Man."
All seats In the hall will be free to men.
THE Theosorlilcal Society— Colonel n. S. Ol-
cott. president- founder. Headquarters,
Academy of Sciences building. 819 Market <ft.
Public lecture at 8 p. m. by Mr. F. . M. j
Willis. Subject. "First Steps Toward In-
ner Perception." Study clasi Thursday, 2:39 i
p. m. I
MEETINGS SfcNDAT. I
'•WHAT Is H-pnotisai and Who Possesses the
r:>«..-?" — Lecture. Illustrated by faces pres-
ent: S Mon. eve. at Van Auken Oxygen In-
. ctttste. £15 Van Nes* ave.. ne»r Ellis; 10c;
v» class in h>pnotism begins June 22.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night; 10c. C19 McAllister. All private read-
Ings. 760 Central ave.. 7th st. eta.. Ala.
MliS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Cla!r\ cjant. trame. business medium and life
reader. 1206 Market Ft.. Gait House.
MRS. FTOUDARD gives messages from return-
ing estrtts to friends, 10c; Sun., Tues. 278
Ninth st.; eittlnjrs.
A— TESTS, front hall. 908 Market; 2-8. Wil-
son; Mrs. Herbert, e; Dr. Cowan; 10c.
MATERIALIZING eeance; EUle Reynold* and j
Wilbur Dfan; Wednesday eve. 328 Ellis; 50c. j
THE Perkins spiritual meetings, Scottish Hall, |
117 Larkln: subject. "Songs of Home"; tests.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S35 McAllister at.— Mrn.C.
J. Meyer; tit. daily; tests to all every ev.; 10c.
MRS. HARLAND. prophetic read, dally. 1*8
<5th: circles eve, 10c; mediums developed.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.: 10c; fit. 10 to S. 14S Sixth tt.
Sl'SDAY LECTIHEs!
O N. ORLOW lectures this (TEun'Jsy* eveninr,
in GolUen Gat« IU!1 (upper). C29 Sutter hi..
at 5 o'clock. Topic. "The Religion and Cus-
tom of Thibet," from personal observations.
Instrumental and vecal eolos. Admission free..
LENA MORROW I,EWIS will lertur- at Turk-
<*lreet Temple Thursday. « p. m. : "Child
1-ahnr. Its .Ccuse and Cure"; singing Ger-
man Maenrtrchor: free.
Carmen'* Hall. 310 O'Farrell. to-niirht at 8 B.F.
yyern'h lectures;Prelim.Steps to Socialism: free
MEET1.VG NOTICES.
HIBERNIANS— The annual Fourth of e»
July celebration of the A. O. H. in V.vS\i
A. will be held at Sciiu«tzen Park. V\«
San Rafael. July 4. 1904; $750 in eCS»
prixes. games. Jumping, running, »"^f i
weight throwing. Athletic events open to
all. Gold and silver medals for amateurs.
Cash gate prize*. Amusements for young
,«-and nld. Iri*h jig and reel dancing. Tick- \
eta. lound trip, including admission to park,
adult* >w-. children 25c.
••DINNA YE HEAR ThIE SLO- v ry v.
CANT'— Fhell Mound Park MON-3y,a,Y?
DAY. July 4. Twenty-third grand "iVXi* '
annual gathering and games of the
San Franciaco Scotch Thistle Club. The
treat eirt and (rrandeet event of the season.
Monster programme of attractions. Don't
fall to attend. Grand ball and fireworks at
Bight.
GEO. W. PATERSON, Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
Secretary. New York, June 15. 190*. Notice
to stockholder*.
To the Stockholders of Southern Pacific
Company :
Notice is hereby given that the board of
directors of the Southern Pacific Company
at a meeting this day held, called a special
meeting of the utockholder* of said company
to convene at the office of the company in
Beechmgnt. Jeflerscn County. Kentucky on
Wednesday, the twentieth day of July, 1904,
st 11 o'clock a, m.. standard time to consider
and act upon resolutions to be brought before
them at said meeting in substantially the
form and to the effect following, vlx:
"P.e*olved (1). that the capital stock of the
Southern Psclflc Company be increased one
hundred million dollars by immlng one million
additional «hart-c of the par -value of one hun-
dred dollars each."
"Resolved <2). that the said Increased stock
*hall be preferred stock: that the holders
such preferred stock shall be entitled to divi-
dends in each fi«cal year at such rate not ex-
ceeainr seven per cent per annum,' payable
fen. (-annually out of the net profits, as shall
be declared by the board of directors, before
any dividend Khali b« declared on the common
rtock; that rach dividend* shall be. non-cumu-
lative; that the holders of *uch preferred stock
shall not by virtue thereof be entitled to any
other or lurther share of the profit* of the
company; that, upon the dissolution of the
company, voluntarily or otherwise, the holder*
of preferred stock ehall be entitled to have
tlielr shares redeemed at par before any dis-
tribution of any part of the assets of the com-
pany shall be made to the holders of the com-
mon stock; that said preferred stock shall be
issued and sold from time to time to tnich
¦mount* and in such manner as the board of
director* may authorize and determine, but
at not less than the par value of the shares;
that It ehall be convertible into common stock,
¦hare for ehare. at the option of the holders,
at any time; and shall be redeemable at the
option of the company on or at any tlme_after
the first day of July. 1905. and before the first
day of July. 1910, at one hundred and fifteen
dollars per share."
"Resolved <•'<), that the board of directors
•hall be and they ar<J»fcereby authorized to es-
tablish from time to time, and enforce all
such rules and regulations respecting the is-
sue, tale, redemption and conversion of such
stock, not Inconsistent herewith, as in the
judgment of the board may be necessary or
expedient." i
For the purpose of euch special meeting the
stock transfer books of the company will be
dosed July 14. 1904. at 3 o'clock p. m. and
reopened Thursday. July 21, 1904, at 10 o'clock
** "Iat.t-v MILLAR. Secretary and Clerk.
A— $3500; CORNER saloon :. close to Suttar St.;
place estab years; doing an excellent busi-
ness; lease; rent $115; net rent $48; elegant
! fixture*. See R. Q. WILK.E. 20^ Kearny.
I A — $15,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
' less than $1000 per month; location and busi-
ness can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE. 26*6
Kearny st. ¦ ' ' ¦
A— $S00; PARTNER wanted In office of manu-
facturer's agent; a first-class offer for good
man; $500 to be Invested In business; office
clears about $250 per month. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. „
A— $700; BAKERY across the bay; established
years and doing a flrst-clasa paying store
trade: value in sight. All particular* R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny «t. v
A— 4600; YOUNG and active man wanted to
run grill room in one of the finest barrooms
in this city; no rent to pay; references want-
ed. See R. Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $2250; CORNER saloon on Montgomery st. :
established many years; rent $SS; leaae; a
good-paying place and well advertised. Call
H. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! Roadhousst Road-
house! With 18 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lease;- a first-class paying resort. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny at. / '
A— $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; a splendid
location In the Mission; place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny at. : -
A— $3500;. ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of 111 health of owner. See ! R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ' •-
A— $450: BARBER shop: 3 chairs; best location
in the Mission; rent $15. See R. G. WILKE,
26 Vj Kearny st. '
A— $2500; SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
ket st.; low rent: good lease; elegant fix-
ture* and a first-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny at.
A— $000; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
aud transient customer*; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st ¦ ' ~
A — DRUGSTORE, drugstore, drugstore; price j
$4500: established 27 yean; lease 6 year*;
rent $60; one of the best paying stores in this
city; owner to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st. ¦
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 80
rooms, kitchen and dining-room, 87 beds,
good furniture; lease; place paying well. Bee
R. O. WILKf:. 26% Kearny St.
! A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton ata.; rent $150; lease: place estab-
lished years: first-class business. Call R. G,
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $350; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store with 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location;
good business. See R. U. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A — $376 cigar stand, transfer corner; rent $23;
good paying place. R. O. Wllke, 26% Kearny
NOTICE TO HARDWARE MEN—
We have listed on our books an old-estab-
lished store in splendid location , that clean
$350 up per month; stock will mon than in-
voice price asked and. no dead stock: we can
convince you that this Is the biggest bargain
in this line In San Francisco; price $8000.
For further particulars call at
EUREKA REALTY CO..
7S3% Market street.
FOR ALL INTENDING
GOING INTO BUSINESS.
We have a thoroughly up-to-date list of busi-
ness bargains of all kinds; If you have not
found the place you are looking for, call on us
and we feel sure that we will be able to locate
you to your satisfaction
EUREKA REALTY CO.,
7S3% Market at., near 4th. rooms 3 and 4.
TO CIGAR MEN— "
$550 buys good paying cigar stand near
Market at. with reasonable rent. Apply at
EUREKA REALTY CO., 783% Market at.
DON'T work for others; be your own boss;
learn the real estate business and start in
for yourself; we make you our special rep-
resentative and teach you the business by
mall; ?-e furnish large list of salable property
and assist you to earn from $2000 to $5000
annually; write for free booklet and particu-
lars. H. W.. CROSS it. CO., 204 Tacoma
bulldjng, Chicago.
A GOOD established bakery for sale in Sacra-
mento; has fine family and store trade; es-
tablished 25 years. For particulars H.
SCHMIDT, box 5C2, Sacramento, Cal.
RICE — The most profitable and certain South-
ern crop; send your name and your neighbor's
for pamphlets on rice and other Tcxaa crops;
pasture and timber lands: large acreage for
colonization: agents wanted to handle Texas
lands. • W. C. MOORE & CO.. Houston. Tex. ,
I WILL send you free, book telling how to
make $1 earn $10; larger, amounts In pro-
portion; send no money, book Is free; no min-
ing or rambling. J. F. LAWRENCE, 112
Michigan st., Chicago.
FOR sale^-A good restaurant, nicely located on
Hush St.: fine trade and clearing a good
profit over expenses;- will give reasons for,
selling to legitimate buyer; no triflers. , Box
2529. Call office.
FOR sale— Coffee, tea and spice route over
IS years' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particular* In-
quire at 119 Front at., between 11 a. m.
and 1 p. m.
FOR sale — Groceries and general merchandise
store In town not far from San Francisco;
Mock will Invoice about $1400; good business !
for man and wife. Particulars box 835, Call, j
OLD-ESTABLISHED coal yard for sale; well
located: near St. Francis Hotel; rent $25;
leas-:, gcod stock on hand: one. horse and
wagon; price $300. Box 1006. Call.
STOCK or bond issue of reputable corporation, '
rnlnlng or Industrial, wanted; have every fa-
cility for selling same on commission; give
particulars. P. O. box 1463, New York City.
$2250 — ART and curio store In splendid loca-
tion; established 9 years; no experience re-
quired: excellent opportunity: sickness; must
sell. For particulars address box 1019, Call. |
HOTEL and restaurant, Elmhurst. for rent;
good location; liberal terms. Inquire of E.
B. & A. L. STONE CO., 900 Broadway, Oak-
laud.
WANTED — Branch bakery and milk deoot or
cigar stand; give price and rent. Box 8394,
Call office.
GERMAN with $2000 to buy half Interest in
mff?. business; new Invention; a bona fide
proposition; Investigate. Box 1001, Call.
SALOON for sale at Yountville, Nap* County:
reasonable. Inquire of DEAN HOWARD.
CaJlstoara. Cal., box 11.
MOVING picture machine; oxygen gas outfit;
arc lamp; for sale or rent. Experienced op-
erator. Box 1023. Call office.
SALOON, first class, for sal* at invoice price;
6-year lease, etc; new fixture* and big stock.
638 Post st.
WORKINGMEN'S hotel; nicely located; rood
trade; 45 rooms; full' all the time and bar.
Box 2597, Call.
| RESTAURANT ' for aale on the Central Pa-
cific Railroad, at a rood point for meal*.
Box 885 Call.
WANTED — To buy or lease a good hotel in
country town. Address with particulars box
1058, Call office.
FOR sale, a good tailoring house In the coun-
try. Address SCOTCH PLAID TAILORS,
1009 Market st.
MUST sell, notions and candy; party leaving
city. 1428 Pacific at., near Larkln; apply
Monday. .
A PROFITABLE business for sale; reason for
selling- sickness. Address Box 1071, Call.
FOR rent cheap, small restaurant. Apply at
200 Ninth st.
PARTNER to take charge of office; small cap-
ital; quick returns; legitimate.' Box 35S3,Call.
RESTAURANT for sale In good location; near
California et. Full particular* box 3547. Call.
FOR sale — Coal, wood and feed business In
Oakland very low. Box 2577. Call.
WANTED — Grocery, with bar attached; . price
not to exceed $1750. Box 899, Call.
WANTED— Restaurant in good location. Ad-
dress, with particular*, box 860. Call.
DELICATESSEN store for sale; .nicely located
In the Mission; fine trade. Box 844, CalL
GROCERY and- delicacies for sale in North
Beach. Box 1079. CaU.
WANTED— Cigar »tand. Box 1038, Call office.
BRANCH bakery, notion, stationery, delicacy
store, for sale cheap. 1479 Valencia st -.
5S23— SALOON and license; will sell at bar-
galn. Inquire 570 and 572 Howard st. ,
SALOONS from $300 to $10,000; lodging houses.
hotel* from $300 to $12,000. BERG, ARM-
STRONG & CO.. 318 Kearny st.
ENERGETIC man with $1000 can make $10.-
000: something extra; Investigate. Box 1074.
Call office. ¦ • .
FOR sale — General merchandise store, at ln-
¦ voice. See WILLIAM CLUFF CO., whole-
sale groceries. Ban Francisco.
FOR sale — Neat little lunch place ;good location;
owner leaving city. 958% Mission at., nr. 6th.
I MILLINERY business for sale: a bargain. Call
1 or address 2213 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
MEETING NOTICES Continued.
CELEBRATION of St. John's day un- '. a
, der the auspices of the Past Mas- A
ters' AssoclaUon of California, F. /«K '
; &. A. 11., by a grand reuntun and *XJ*
basket picnic at Bl Campo, SATURDAY.
June 25. 1904. The steamer H. J. Corcoran
; will leave Washington street wharf at 9:30
a. m. and return at 6 o. m. Tickets, adults
1 50 cents, children 23 cents, can be had at
the wharf on the morning of the picnic.
ANDREW CHRISTENSEN.
Chairman of Committee.
JAMES A. WILSON. Secretary.g
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. •
M. — Officers and member* are re-VNf
quested to- assemble at Masonic Tem- f>f\
pie. SUNDAY June 19, at 2 o'clock
p. m.. for toe purpose of conducting the
funeral services of our deceased brother,
WILLIAM F. MITCHELL, late of Clay
Lodge No. 101, Dutch Flat, Cal. By order
of the W. M.
R. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7. I. O.flk jm
O. F. — The officer* and" the funeral^/^
committee of the above-named en-'/V
campmer.t are hereby notified to as-X X
eemble at Odd Fellowa* Hall, corner Market
and Seventh sta.. on SUNDAY. June 1». 1904.
at 1 o'clock p. m. sharp, for the purpose of
attending the funeral of our late Patriarch,
KDWARD ARENDT.
CHAS. E. POCH. Ch. Patr.
CHAS. QUAST. Financial Scribe.
THE officers and members of Ger- s*i££SB6*.
mania Lodge No. 11C. I. O. O. F., iSg^iSSa
are. hereby requested to assemble.
at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner «m*m<
Seventh and Market st*., at 12:30 o clock
p. m.. THIS DAY (SUNDAY), to attend the
funeral of our late brother. EDWARD
ARENDT. By order mmmo% £ Q> .
PAUL STRAUCH, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodre No. 222. I. O.
O. F\ — Regular meeting. MON- ;Sa5g{Sgi
DAY EVENING. June 20; bo- "tZpSfgES?
clal entertainment to members of ' Jl ?, w *'7
the order. Visiting brothers cordjally in-
vited. N F. MACPHEE, N. O.
H. A. BAILY. R. S. ' - ¦ ' '
! MODERN Woodmen of America,Good- «B5SP
I fellowship Camp 9633, M. W. of A.. l\*/\
meets every MONDAY NIGHT at I«X£\
Fraternity Hall. 909 Market st.. San ri^
Francisco. W. H. EDWARDS. V.C
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk; office, room 627
Emma Spreckels building.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
celved sppllcatlons to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from Amador and Sacramento Irrigation
and Mining Co., in Dundarhead Mine, at
Michigan / Bar, Sacramento County, Cal.,
draining into Cosumnes River; from W. K.
Duncan. Sr., In York Ranch Placer Mine,
near Spanish Ranch. Plumaa County, drain-
ing Into East Branch of North Fork of
Feather River; from E. V. Tiffany and Seth
Jenkerson, in Treasure Point Mine, near
Fair Play, El Dorado County. Cal., drain-
ing Into Cedar Creek, which reaches South
Fork of Cosumnes River gives notice that
meeting will be held at Room 96. Flood
Building, San Francisco. Cal., July 6. 1904,
at 1:30 d. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
A WONDERFUL business offer— $50 to $150 |
per week and upward positive; we want rep- |
resentatlves everywhere to operate sales
parlors for the best, most attractive, rapid
selling ladies' snd gents' dress shoe known;
ten new, remarkable, eight-selling health
and comfort features; factory to consumer;
previous experience unnecessary; no risk;
reply quick. Kushlon- Komfort Shoe Co..
j 1233 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
I DO you want work? Ladles or s-ntlemen; no
t canvassing or soliciting; no time from regu-
lar occupation; no one need know you are
my representative; no money, outfit or ex-
perience needed; easy, permanent, hone-able,
profitable work can be done home: for In-
formation, address J. W. KIDD. 5025 Baltes
block. Fort Wayne. Ind.
j — — — .^— ___ _________^^^__
LADIES' specialties— 100 per cent profit;- eas-
ily sold: a necessity to every woman. Send
stamp for information to Oxford Rubber Co.,
90 Church at.. New York City.
WANTED — Man or woman who can sell mln-
tnc stocks of a thoroughly. reliable company;
ICO acres of mineral land and necessary ma-
chinery; big commirslon for quick work. Box
S568. Call office.
$3 TO $10 dally; wanted, bright women agents
to travel and appoint local agents; salary
and com.; pomethlnj wanted by all women.
Korectlve Co., 626. 59 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
AGENTS — Coets $3 50; the only machine in
the world that gives stick (mm, tell* fortune
and letter from your *weetheart. all for lc.
J. W. LIVINGSTON. Armour Sta., Chicago.
WANTED— General agents for this and other
ftates to sell goods and appoint sub-agents;
liberal salary or commissions paid. Address
Can-Dex Mfg. Co.. St. Louis. Mo.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
1* worth having. Great Western Imprcve-
raent Company. Parrott building.
WANTED — C. E. evanjrellsts and minister* to
take up our paying proposition. The Success
General Agency. 20S4 Mission et.
LADY agents every where: permanent. PACI-
FIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 1220 Treat
ave.. S. F.
LADIES In the country: send name and ad-
dress and make money. Box 1004," Call.
MANDOLIN arents $3 an order. 621 Main St..
Cincinnati. Ohio. A. M. RANDALL.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.x "
G. W. HOWE, J122 MARKET ST.
Tel. Jessie 4711. Established 22 years.
Advlre free on all leral matters; divorces a
specialty, private, quick; no pay in advance:
mining comuanles organized: patents ob-
talned: wills, deeds, collec; detlct. employed.
i R. W. KINO, Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 15
years; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation;
: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
i ¦ , _
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st.. 15
yrs. practice: refs. from many thousands or
soldiers, tailors, widows «nd orphan* on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
AA — DIVORCE — Costs $12: quick; quiet; advice
free; no charge unless successful.
759 Market st.. room 4.. bet, 3d and 4th.
DIVORCE — Costs. • $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; all. law business; no charge unless suc-
! cessful; open evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce, costs $12; no fees or ¦
coets in advance; all law business; office '
oi-en Saturday evenings. 819 Market St., r. 33. j
DIVORCE law a opecialty: no publicity; advice I
free; costs $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 2109. S.F.
L. 8. CLARK, 927 Market st; consultation
free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
ATTTOKOBTXZS.
AUTOMOBILES — Livery, garage and sales-
rooms; automobiles of every description
bought and sold; will buy or Fell tecond-
hand machines. See us before /ou do any-
thing with your machine. Phone South 70 1 *
Pacific States Automobile Co.. 217 Kills st. I
; FOR sale— Rambler touring car. wTth"canopy
tor* and baskets: has never been run; cost
$1500; will sacrifice. Call to-day, 1641 Broad-
way. Oakland. j
; LOCOMOBILE In good order, with two seats:
8 horsepower. Call Monday at 743 Valencia,
i WILL sell my white steam Stanhope automo-
bile for $025. Box 1015. Call office.
j WANTED— To buy a steam automobile for
__cash. Box 831, Call office.
i WANTED— Gasoline automobile; name price
and condition of machine. Box 3549, Call. £ J
' WANTED— To buy an automobile; state kind.
; etc Box 2535. Call office.
[ RAMBLER^automoblla for sale] Particulars
P ° X 25&6> Ca " Of ° Ce ' *™cuia«^
! CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly i
Call. 16 pare*, sent to any address In ths
T'ntf <1 States or Canada one year for $1.
i ASTHMA EEMEDT.
' A. DI Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves Instaot-
! ly; 10c. 25c 60c 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN^
'¦ EXPERIENCED mother and nurse will board
and care for two children from birth upward;
»rood references; terms reasonable. 1708
Francisco st.. Berkeley Cal.
WANTED — By an experienced woman, an in-
fant to board. Inquire 212 Seventh st.
; FRENCH boardlnr for children. MRS
GUNTZ. 663 Pine «t.
! CI.OT»Ijro KEgOTATTJra.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St., room 14-
phone Drumm 44. Call for. and deliver free.
cojcAz^ffrioar orFicgs.^^
; BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
i city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 416
Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. Main 6580.
"COTTAGES TO LET.
' TREMONT ave.. 3— Modern cottage; 8 room*
and bath: rent $30; key on preinUea. CEN-
TER &. SPADER. 11 Montgomery *t.
i 3-ROOM cottage in 8ausallto; furnished; $20
1 month. 40 Clinton Park, city.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU SUNDAY, JUNE 19, -1001.
45
KMi*i,*-*vniKS'r Wjivrnp — ..alb.
f APJkXBSS student temperate and relisble.
v.cii-s ; ¦ 's.i -..n in srr.sll family. Box 21.2.
Call.
Xti ho:i*st young Jsiian**." who fjwaks cool
Knglish. w1i<!.fb ts mafc» bed* cr housework
Y. NAKA. box 1037. Call.
JAPANESE Hou!"Sclennir!K Co.. C20 Laricln st. :
fl. 17."*. E. G. HKNRRY. ¦
FLATS TO LliTl
AAA— HOUSE REN-nNO~D_PA_T_I£NT. '
Ail desirable vacant hou»e» and flats ar« list-
ed in our f— * renting department; over 1000
in number: a combined list from all agtncle*:
jrt us cive you a list and help yuu to nnd a
ll»c«. we never fall; service free.
f-terllng furniture co.
1c3» market st..
opposite McAllister.
>— HOUSES sn4 flats to let: an Immense llwt;
eenrtee absolutely t— *; take advantage of
t!-.:* department; It will sav« you time and
1 rouble. Cordrs Furniture Co-, 245-238
Grarr «t.. on the square.
VAN NESS eve.. C29 — Low» r corner flat; «e.p-
ei-ate marbie entrance; elegant wood finish;
hilliard-room etc.: rent $75. on lease only.
Apply en premises. 11 a. m. to 4 p. ra.. or
10 BALDWIN & HOWELL.
•_« NEW. sunny, artistically flni*be<_ flats of
4 ar.d B ro.ir.s and bath, on Parlflc at. b*-
•ween T«y!or and Jones; r:nts ranglnir from
SIS to «25. VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE
«.X» . 613 California et.
MCALLISTER. 1041, near Broderick— Sunny
an»r flat of 6 ruoms *nd bath; rent $35.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 513 Cali-
fornia «l.
FRANKLIN, 1045. near Ellis— Artistically fln-
Uheii uooer flat of 8 rooms and bath; $60.
VON RHE3X REAL ESTATE CO.. 013 Cali-
fornia st.
NOE, 1C50— Beautiful new "flat: sunr.y corner;
ft rooms and bath: all modern Improvements;
lew rest; convenient to Castro and 24th-et
cars. v •
JONES. 605. near Geary— New sunny lower flat
of 5 rooms and bath; rent $40. VON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 California.
1433. nr. Post— *30; 6-room flat,
with 4 nice chambers in attic; new p«rcclaln.
open plumbing; tun every rm. Tel. Scott 4341.
Connecticut] rilT n» e r Tw-tieth—
Funny flat: Just finished; 5 rooms; bath and
basement; $17.
KAIGHT. K»3 — Ftne,» eunny, corner Cat five
rooms snd b«th: grand view; water free;
rent «t!7 £>0.
B—SO!-TC ave.. 1317. near Park— Elegant
«— mjr. tr p-to-flate upper flat; 7 rocms and
bath: rent retstmahie.
NEW. sunnr 5-room flats; Dutch <!inlng rooms;
interior cottage effect; coal fireplaces. Lyon
¦t.. n«-ar Clay.
EIGHTEKNTH. 4130, near Caetro st— Mod-
'in epper *unr:y flat, five room*, bath and
liunary: rent low; no children.
YHRY llrht. sunny, modem 7-room upper flat;
rent redu<— «t. 2*4 FrederUSc «.. nr. park
t^rhanJIe; Msscnic ave. car to door.
CAETttO. 64C — Elegant modern surny top Cat,
C rooms, fcath. basement, yard, $25.
CHURCH. i:UTJ— Flat. .5 rooms; bath; gas;
lar-e sunny yard.
CI.ATTOX. «13»_. near Haight— Lower flat;
3 — inny rooms; $13.
FILLMORE. 1124 — 7-room flax; modern; rooms
all hpht; rent reasonable.
FBEZMCBXCK. 3S7— 7-room. sunny upper flat;
GOl'GH. 4:5— Klr.e fltt; B rooms and bath;
r<-nt t^5.
J1AYES. C£2. cor. IJu'-hanan — Nice cunny flat;
« rooms snd bath: modern Improvements.
LA-CIS. 7»<i-742— New fiats. <l rooms each; rent
IS •'•» and S_7 SO; fine view.
NI?»ETEi:NTH enJ Castr*>. NW. cor.— Sun all
day: BHS flat: 7 roorr-a: modern; $.t".
KFNT fix: r> rormm and bath: fresh tinted;
iHwnn-m. ". Trercont ave., near Park.
>AN 1068 ave.. _S7— New flat of 6 rooms and
bat— : MirMon warm belt; swellest location.
V.U.KX<-1A. ;3]fV-_Lr.w-«>r flat of 4" rooms, with
u»' of fiRth; no children.
VALUfJO. I.0C9 — 7 rocms; wcond story upper
-flat; marine ri-w; rent $35.
LAP.GF.FT '.irt of houF#» sn<j flats to let Call
cr. I.YON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.%
FLATS TO LET — KCK.MSHE.D.
HAKJUT. I_r_*. Huf-na VlRta. cor. CentrsI ave.
— I;'- i-.-.v: !;. fumirh*-. flats; alno unfurnished:
fini:t— bes a'i •¦ r.i>r.i'r..\i and is sltest'd la
»rlf-jt nughborhood.
N1CKLY fim1**~ril «5-room Cat fscinit Pan-
han^lt for mi-nth of July: $00. including
Rirl. Ptoaa. ess. i>hone. 15CS Fell st
Fl-AT — 3 rooms; furnished; sunny; corner
Stelner and Ellis; fS5. MURDOCK. Chroni-
cle buIlSir-ir.
COMPLETE furnishinfr? 7-room flat for eale.
including piano, $410. 246 Chattanooga st
FTT.NISHED flat 5 room*, bath; sunny; fur-
niture for sale. Bex 1US5. Call.
K1LLMORE. 31' 2. nr. Goiden Gate ave. — Flat
rt 7 rooms. furnisfc«»l. to let; S35.
FURNISHED flat; 7 rooms; all sunny. Inquire
2f.50 H <¦¦-•¦ rd st.
FLATS FOR SALE — nilMSIIKD.
NEWLY furnished flat cf 6 rooms and bath;
all rooms rested; hot water and gas; a snap
if taken at once; rent t"5. with water. Box
3of;l. Call.
A FtTNNY 5-room flat, next Examiner, for
fale or rer.t with lease. 17 Third st. 12 to 4.
FVUNITURE of 4-room flat for sole, cheap;
Itaving city. 762 Z.arriscn st.
FlR.MTl'RE FOR SALE.
YOU can buy $73 worth of furniture tor $" SO
down end $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Vurniture Co.. 340 Pest st. near Powell.
FOR sal" — Furniture of a 5-room flat complete
from parlor to kitchen. Box 2536. Call office.
STOVE and f— e furniture for sale cheap.
Monday. 3 p. m.. at 1325 Stelner at
KVRNJTI'RE Bf seven rooms for sale; eunny
flat. . 1130U Howard at
Ar.<!er*'-n Auction House, 19 Turk. nr. Market.
furnishes everything for the house; low prices
FUr.VITURE. stoves, bought, sold, »xchanir»d.
Bftiyrr. 439 Valencia, nr. 16th. Tel. Church S879
CHKAPEST place- in city for second-hand fur-
niture. «Kf, G-sry st Tel. Polk -1477.
FLR.MTLRE WASTED. "
ABE LEVY.
Fa!*rr ooti 1, 112ft Market st T#L Jessie 7C1.
I>nr/t -«>H your furniture, carpets, orflce fur-
. etc.. until you ret his estimate.
CHAF. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for tu7-
nlture.csrp^ts etc. 7h2 Mission: teL Bush 411.
VTANTKU — To bay forn!ture of a 6 or 7-room
flat. Box raso. Call office.
WANTED— A chiffonier; state pric*. Box
Vy.\. CaTI office.
~> K T~ p — ~». buy can*** and rugs In good
condition. Pox 83C. Call offl".
HELP WASTED — FEMALE. ~
WANTED— Protestant g!rl. faous^rjTaerk^
Z'^l ¦C'w 1 * ,°- r Sc "<3>navlm cook for
«ma~l family. Lc« Gates, n., wuh £30- wslt-
- It* 1 " r °r "•?>«. *2 S : German *lrl.' housework,
5iJ C JSf U _ nl ?- 1 " r " 1 -stress, country
hotel, f^, b««l waitress. $30; 3 other wait-
resses. *am~ place f2S; nurs— rlrl $20- 2 «ec
or.ci tr!r;» f_UJ; Scandinavian iook, some
b'.__esr>rk. Tic, V*O*y, $.10; *„« man y
other* ; laur.'Jr-5». tiO. Apply t 9 J p
CliCSETT CO.. ?.%i S.itter si. ?
A.NDUES. 31? Btodttoa ft.— 2 waitresses for
tumnier report *-?-. far* oald.
IN OOD WE TRUST. ~ — -— —
Oo'.den Gate Employment Office, 1211 Ninth
l v< "v off . H «¦• elonrsid- of Golden Gate
Park an* ti.xt <•<**• to I"ubllc Library: free
retding-roora for ladles; b«rt help provided
ror all purposes, for city and country
Ihro^rhout the Fuste.; smallest orne«
charge-; employers pleas* pay half the office
-5V-B ~2?7. or l e " t'»yable to T. 6PEAK-
MAN. BUUon C. Ban Francisco.
A — WAXTEU— Girls to learn iialrdreartng
menlcurln*. etc.; trade taught from A to Z
m 2 *-etkf<: (5 to thnse entering now; 3 po-
rit!on» to Cl! Immediately; positions guaran-
wd %t $10 per w«k up: leading school in
Mm. _¦:« Getry m.. room 13.
A— GIRL to learn millinery now for fall ses-
soa; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; position as trimmers,
ealesladles. etc. guaranteed at $10 per mk up-
day and — .entng class. 143 Stockton rt, r. IX
Hairdrersing. manlcurimr. maksage, tc&lp trcat-
T.rrA. hair work, removal superfluous hair- $5 2
wk»: day, t-ve. class; p<*!tions tecured, hlghen
•rages. Rcmtn-ed from 1230 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
tVANTF.I^-Youns lat!y for office; roust write
. e eooi hand; no previous experience nece*.
fary. Ar?r<ly c>ui>erir,Uad_><' v office THE
EMPORIUM- ' " tt
WANTED— A young woman having had sorfie
tvprrienc* *t lloorwalklng. MARKS BROS.,
•¦ MISCELLAXEO.S---FOR^gAI^ '
BOILERS," engrlne_. T 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
1OSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st.
H S." AVHITE MACHINEKY CO.. S. *"-.
A 75 hp. boiler and «0 hp. engine complete.JBOO
03 hp. ' boiler and 41! hp. engine oomplets. 45O
- 3i> h;>. builer and 20 hp. engine complete. 300
15 hp. firebox, boiler and engine mounted. 1T5
2 hp. boiler complste, tested 150 20
£ 4 hp. gas engine, centrifugal pump. etc. 150
, 6 hp. boiler with steam pump ItK>
30 hp. "Economic" boiler complHe 35OI
8-inch centrifugal pump complete 123
j S^_-lnch suction, 2> *-lnch discharge pow- |
er pump , , 60 I
5-windmlll pumps and cylinder, com- |
plete each 3.50
" Would you buy these goods If you thougnt I
they were all right? Make your own propo- '
sitlon, satisfy us that we will get our mon-
ey and we will let you decide whether the
goods are right before you pay us.
H. 3. WHITE Mchy. Co., 130 Bcale st. S. F.
DOES YOUR ROOF" LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over o:d
Iron,- tin or shlngUs; best for new roofs.
'ELATEIUTE ROOFING €0.^713 Market st
2D-1IAND machinery, engtnea. boilers, pumps,
1 'pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. B. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
! PAINT your old a nd. new metal and shingle
rcofs .with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to «tc;i nil .'eaks In the one and preserve ths
- new. 205 Front st: tel Main 1428.' 1
SCREW pipe from 2 Inches to 12 Inches diam-
eter (cut and threaded new couplings); guar- !
anteed to stand the racket. H. S. WHITE I
Mchy. Co.. 130 Beale tt.. S. T. .
FOR sal« — First-class tickets, man and woman, I
-San Francisco to points east of Cleveland, I
Ohio; World's Fair stopover; $30 each. For ]
particulars addre&s Traveler, Call office. |
A— FINE suits, $7 60; dress pants, $2 50. Orig- j
inai ¦ Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st.
- near Bush; open to 0 p. m.. Sunday to noon. ]
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
FOR sale — Fine modern bookcase and hatrack.
Call at Pacific Storage Warehouse, . 2320
Flllmore st.
ST. BERNARD: grand, powerful dog pup;
very line disposition; gentle with children
and a good wqtch dog. .Box 2156. Call office.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton St.
DIAMONDS, watches snd jewelry for sale en
; small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st .
"FOR sale — A • copy of the Ulster County Ga- ]
rette of Jan., 1800; valuable curiosity; party
needs money; make offer. Box 35S6, Call. I
; 1 ]
A BRAND new gas range, best make, double ¦
oven. 16x16; call to-day after 12. CC5 Jessie
street: ¦ " ~:
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St.,
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st, near
Pin*: open to 0 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 &0; we pay express
charges. 11 "3d st. Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dia-
monds bought: send postal; will call. New
Municipal Loan Office, 617 Washington st
GASOLINE engine, 0 hp.. new, to be sold
cheap. Boyer Machine Works, 46 Spear st.
ELASTIC stockings. $2. Factory. 40 Ellis st.
FINE old violin and fine case, cost $150; for
eale cheap at 511 Taylor st.
EVERLASTING Bi?n*. letters, numbers; only
makers in State. BAKER'S. 21 Spear st
SAFES and desks; now and second-hand: prices
right at Richardson Bros'., 1S16 Market st.
GAS engines, 0 hp. Bay City Iron Works,
- Oakland.
ONE solitaire blue-white diamond ring;, about
1% karats. $185. 10 Sixth st.
LARGEST runts, best'hin pigeons, etc. Glen-
. —.ore Pigeon Loft, Elmhurst.
GOOD second-hand kitchen stove for sale at
1S14 Broderlck st.
FOR sale — 10x12 wall tent, nearly new, and
bicycle. 558 Fourth st.
HEADQUARTERS for novelties: celebration*
and carnivals. M. NEWMAN. 307 5th st.S.F.
FOR sale — Elegant electric bath cabinet; reas-
onable. Electric Works. 227 Ellis st
A NICE family cow giving almrst 4 gallons
of milk dally, (or sale. 40TO Twenty-sixth st.
COMBINATION billiard and dlnlng-rocm table
. for sale very reasonable. Box IOCS, C*U. '
BEST wbite lead 7c Der pound: to painters
I«-8B. BUTCHER. 741 Mlwslon »f
AWNINGS. tents,new,second-hand. SUN TENT
ft AWNING CO-,42 Spear st; tel. John 6486.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT „ AWNING Co.,35 Mkt.Tel.Bush KM.
P1OEONS— AH the leading varieties: stamp for
¦ catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNIC* Encyclopedia, latest edition. 31
vols. KINO'S. 61 McAllister st. nr. Market
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacigalupl,
movtd to 7SB Mission st
ROUND camping tents fcr sale; cheap; some
new; 10x16. 318 Third st; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montg'y.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market «t
SOME good si>cond-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck - Co.. 122 Mkt
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE UKJT-
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery st
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sate, rental;
bargains. Bultard _ Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
,_ CO.. 1-? Market st
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
CHEAPEST and best In America— Ths Weekly
Call. 1R parres, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
• MlSCELLAXEOyS \VAXTB. ~
BIG prices paid for old gold, seafaklns. dla-
mcnils. gents' full dress suits, etc.; ser.d
postal card. L1CHTENSTEIN BROS. <23
I . Stockton ft. •»—
: GOLD and Jcwelery bought, full value paid;
assaying half usual prices. Pioneer Assay-
ing Co., 157 New Montgomery st.
WANTED — Buyers for the "Veil of Isls":
price one dime. Hemetle Book Con<;i?rn, 5C0
j Van Ness nve.
A— MORRIS Rives highest prices for ladles' &
Bents' caatoff clothing; postal. 943 Folscm.
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladies' and
gentr' castoff clothing: postal, lin Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis 825: 650 Sacramento St. '
TII.TON* wants g.-K>d recond-hand cl'Shinp and
theatrical goods, liil Dth st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
I DESKS bought. sM_ and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 782 Mission: phofe Bush 407.
MEniCAL. ___'__
A— DR. SYLVESTER. Office 210 Kearny St.
SPECIALIST FOR WOMEN.
IS years' experience without a failure.
Ladies Buffering from irregularities or any
ailment peculiar to women save time and
money by consulting mo first My method of
treatment Is ONLY CERTAIN and HARM-
LESS cure KNOWN to medical science, and
I POSITIVELY GUARANTEE IMMEDIATE
RELIEF from irregularities from whatever
cauee or MAKE NO CHARGE. If other* fail
to cure you come to me at once. ONfi VISIT
WILL HB SUFFICIENT and 1 will help you. :
Advice free. Intm views strictly private. All,
.letters answered truthfully. CUT THIS OUT, ;
Hours I) a. in. to !) p. ra. Open Sundays.
LADIES desiring safe, sur» and quick rnllef
from irregularities consult 'me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures: no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' 'experience in all f»-
irnle disorders; coll or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market st. rcoms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S2K Poit st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles- and Irregulnrltles; Ins'ant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOSK Market st. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pit:*; beat regulating pills
sold; price 12 CO by express. Pasteur**
' syringe and tablets; price $2. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BP.OTH-
ERS. wholesale druggists. Seventh . and
Broadway. Oakland,
DR. G. W. ! O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advtre free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs.' Goodwin, 733 Turk, abov* Van Ness— Ex-
pert in obstetrics, female complaints; inst
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 6; 23 yrs. ex.
DP. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
/original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
- private. DR. 8YLVESTER. »9 Kearny st
LADIES — Kumround; -safe, Sure, never falls;
$2. Glea-on-Buggles Drug Co.,I_earny & Clay.
PKl«.30-ALS-^Contl--«<_.
GOLDEN GATE. 300— COr. laundry, barber
shop, cigar* , tobacco, newspapers, suits
cleaned. " •• , -¦¦¦ •' . . •
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian "Henna restores gray
¦ Pair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH offlc* of Th#> Call for tae reception
«f advertisements and- subscriptions has b*«-i
¦ opened at ltXW Market st. uppostt* Finn.
Open until 11 p. m. •_
T ~ PALMISTRY. ¦ - -.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East SI 0 Eddy st: phone PoTlt 4611.
MME. NEERGAUD. located at ZM lost; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classe*.
MADAME DEVAS. palmist and «-rtrolo«rer.
Liebes building. 139 Post st; readincs $1.
H. JEROME FOSKLLI. scientific palmist 614
Taylor »t.. near Geary. Phone Black 5t!l.
; . AT_3r_a. . .
WANTED— A paUnt right: will buy & patent
If It Is a patent that Is wanted by many and
Is a seller: I want to manufacture; nothing;
trivial; sand description at once. A. O.
6HOWER3. Iowa City. la. '
INVENTIONS patented. V. P. 5IEDINA at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. K2 Market st
-. PHYSICIANS A~O StHGEO.VS. I
CR. C~C. O'DON-VELL— Office and residence
1021 hi Market St.. t-t. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a . specialty.
PP.. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. hsrb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; -for .
psst four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 66"i Geary st. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. 14 P»
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
WONO WOO. ths famous herb doctor — AU 41a-
eases cnr»d by Chinese herbn 746-8 Clay »t-
ROOMS FOR HOPSEKEEPXXO.
BRYANT, .421—1 or 2 sunny rooms; nicety
furn l.hed for housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA. 1304 — Sunny front _.y-wtndo~r
room tt kitchen, connecting; r-as.;no chUd'n.
CALIFORNIA. 1304— Sunny front bay-window
room and kitchen: reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 13O4— Sunny bay-window room
and kitchen, con.. complete; no Children: reas.
CALIFORNIA. 1421 — 2 front rooms: newly fur-
nished; cheap; convenient; gas stov», bath.
CALIFORNIA, 3026— Nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping or otherwise If desired; no
* ot'.er roomers.
CENTRAL ave.. 67. nr. Halsht- 2 Or 3r sunny
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping: phone;
bath: laundry; ref«re nces. -.
CLAY. .1518 — Nicely fur. housekeeping room»;
gas, range, bath; also unfurnished rooms.
CLIPPER 514. near Diamond* st. — 2 largo fur-
nished rocms; kitchen, bath, laundry; cheap.
EDDY and Polk (Gladstone) — Elegant sunny
housekeeping apartm'ts: 3 rms.modern conve-
niences, bath; first class; phone Larkin 1981.
EDDY. 616— Nicely furnished suite of sunny
housekeeping rooms: water, gas.
EDDY, 602— Suite of housekeeolrm rooms;
summer prices; nice location.
EDDY, 610 — Front sunny housekeeping roonul
bath, gas, ete^
EIGHTEENTH. 3462. near Valencia— 2 sunny
cheerful rooms for housekeeping. .
FIRST st . 213 — 5 sunny rooms for housekeep-
ing; certral location; rent moderate.
FOLSOM. B21 — To rent, 2 sunny rocms for
housekeeping; rent $20. _-
FOLSOM. 1C01. cor. Sixth— 2 sunny housekeejK
Ing rooms, reasonable; also other rooms.
GEARY. 4C8 — Three sunny, clean, nicely fur*
ntshed rooms; complete for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE av«.. 1210 — T*o lovely sunay
parlors for housekeeping^ ¦
GOLDEN- GATE ave.. 1221 — 3 sunny bay-win-
dow unfurnished connecting rooms; bach:
yard: $!>>¦
HUGHT. 218 — Elegant apartments; grand
view; 2* or H rooms; cheapest In city.
HARRISON. 74S— $12 suite: first floor: lorga
yard; laundry: quiet house and neighborhood.
HOWARD. 625— Furnished suits for light
housekeeping; $10. j
HOWARD. 72S-^2"nlce rooms, complete , far
housekeeping; reasonablr^ .
HOWARD. 1S11 — 2 sunny- connecting hskpg.
rooms: running water, gas. phone; reas.
JACKSON. 160V, cor. Polk — Finely iurnisne<l
— :nny corner housekeeping rooms; marina
view; reasonable. _¦¦ ¦ ¦ -
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine— I
i Kunny, fursUhed 3- room suites; steam heat- 1
rd, electric lighted; free baths; rats $3f> up.
JACKSON. 12-fl. rear Jone«> — 2 or 3 nicely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms. *
JACKSON. 1516 — Sunny hrvus-'kwptnpr rooms;
new flat; referencts. Phon* Polk 1S73.'
JESSIE. 333— Sunny large room, furnished for
housekeeping; gas rang?, si'.ik. closet ; $3 wk.
LAGUNA. 1507 — N>wly <urnished sunny con-
necting rooms; modern; private family: reaa.
LARKIN. K07. ciT.Post — The Cranburn. H. Bur-
I Ilngame.prop. : rms., single £ hkpg.apartments.
MINNA. 44S — N*at clean rooms; housekeeping
and others: reasonable.
MISSION. 2362 — Furnished room In prlvat*
family. _____________
! NATOMA. 701. cor. Eighth— 2 larg* sunny
i housekeeping rooms: no children.
1 OAK, 10 — 2 rooms complete tor housekeeping:
us* of piano. <
O\K. 117. and 538 McAllister— Rooms, coro-
j Ute housekeeping; $3 to $12; gas range, hot
bath, luundry: adults. -
O'FARRKLL. l-"3>5 — Nicely furnished sunny
fror.t housekeeping suite In new cor. Bat: $16.
PEARL, 3, cor. Markst— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; $14-$15; no children: phone.
PINE. 1300, <rcr. Hyde— 3 sunny furnish©*
basement rooms, yard. $16; 2 corner fur-
* nished rooms. $10 each.
POLK. 16 Kt. cor. Clay— 2 largs ntc«ly furnished
' i-unny front housekeeping rooms; rent $13.
POST. 217. near drent ave. — Elerant r strtta,
with or without housekeeping; reasonable.
POST 1416— Sunny, nicely furnished house-
keeping roo___J______r_____5_____|_««__
'< sTFrTmENTO 1490— Eynny furnished house-
keeping front rooms: run, watw; no chllOr«a.
SCOTT 300. -NE. cor. Page^ — 2 newly furnished
room* In private house; sun an day; near
Haigat-st car fine. ;
SECOND. 434 — 2 large pleasant rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping: large yard.
SUTTER. 068-870 — Unfur. sunny alcove. dlB-
Ing-room, kitchen: also furn. suites or single;
choice location: summer ratw; tourists.
) TAYLOR 504 — I fine furnished rooms, eomplets
for housekeeping: also housekeeping rcorns.
TEHAMA. 478, nr. 6th — 3 sunny furnished
room- 1 comp. for housekpg. : $12; no children.
TENTH, 1-W — Furnished, one- lovely, coxy
housekeeping room; gas stove: private.
THE HERBERT. 1330 Polk St.— Sunny, newty
.fum. apartments; pleasant; tel. Hyde 2131.
THIRD .10S— Summer cut rates. $1 -5, $3,
$2 25 weekly; suite. $2 SO and $4.
TURK. 81«— Ps-rlor floor of four rooms; fur-
nished for housekeeping; also Una singl*
rooms for gentlemen. .* ' ' ¦¦¦
TWELFTH. 145— Sunny furnished rooms for
nouseicee'ptnar. ' . '..'
TWENTY- SIXTH, 3.167— 2 nice sunny house-
keeping rooms In the 'Mission .warm belt.
VALENCIA. 732 — Suit* 4 sunny front rooms;
. sn-., Jt.Hth. telephone- no other roomers.
VALENCIA, 822-^2 or 4 sunny corner house-
kps. rooms; elec. lights. -gas and coal ranges.
VALENCIA. 837D— Sunny furnished room;
. closet; light hounek«eplng.
VAN NESS ave.. 523— Newly furnished hkp.
rms.; alao other rms.; modern; cor. house.
VAN NES9. 017— Fine suite housekeeping rms.;
sunny cor.; also single rooms; water and gas.
VAN NKS5>. 14-0— For housekeeping, sunny al-
cove and hay-window rcomsv comp. fcttehen,
wlth r»s range; every room reduced: $9 np.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription- r«ceivea at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th« i-—ptl«n
.. ot advmlse— ents and subscriptions hasbe— 1
opened at 10C8 Mark-t st..- opposite Ftt th.
<">p»n unttl II r>. m. ' - - .. ¦ •
¦ ~__»AB1~-~I~~' HO~S~3.
A— THE MACKEN. 81 CENTRAL AVE.
NITW HOUSF.: BEAUTIFULLY KtSISHKD;
. 3 AST) 4 ROOMS; OAS STOVES rUX-
i NISHED; JANITOR_8ERVICE..
OCTAVIA. 1423— Most select apartm ent-ho_»
In city; 3-4 rooms; slegantly furnished.-
for Additional Classified Advert— ••
menu See Paso Forty-Six,
-MEDICAL— Continued.'. " * \
WOMEN— Irregularities cund in three days:
Instant relief to pain; $1 per bottle. $1 25 by
express; -lady r*Dre»«nt?.tlr« calls on request
CENTURY REMEDY CO.. 405 Montgomery
• sf.; Tel < phone -Green 18. - • j
MRS. DR. GWYER. having **cur«d lease of j
premise*. U permanently located at .MIA '
Leavenworth st. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
JDR. -ROSEN resides 293& Folsom si. corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MOXEY TO LOA~.
AAA^HERMAN MURPHY. ~ " !
601-G02-COS Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no -disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter- !
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust !
' etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in -property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
I When You Need Money
See ilERMAN MURPHY.
" ~ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
," ¦ • 1st 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or .'
Chattels, in city, town •
or country.
' Low rate of Interest - — .''
Give full particulars
¦ ' • of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
'_ _Box 490. Call office.- i
A— EA6Y~~pXyMENT LOANS.
; - We will make strictly, confidential loan on
your piano, furniture or security of any kind; ;
this is a trust company; our system gives
I you cheaper rate, longer time and more |
' money than any one else In city; liberal ad-
vances made to salaried people on their notes;
don't fall to se« us. ILLINOIS TRUST CO..
rm. 16, Phelan bldg., Market and O'Farrell.
SALARY LOANS-^ — — —
.'. Money loaned salaried people without secur-
. , Ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
. anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453. Parrott bldg.
AAA — Interest 0 per cent (read Sunday papers).
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK
...City. Oakland, Town, Country Property...
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (city agents).
107-8 Crocker building— Post-Market sts.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
. fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 63 Dcnohoe bldg., 1170 Market st
HIGHLY respectable private place to Obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2 {
, per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store '
846 Market: tel. Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third. ;
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
. and valuables ; our fireproof vault is protected
from bursrlarles by 'electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 4$4.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; essy payments; large business In 40
' principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans nionoy on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4. *
1 PX2R cent on furniture or pianos; no removal; I
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick. \
. quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery st, rm. 7. ;
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver. ¦
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
STAR Loan Co. bf Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. '¦
bid.; Oakland office. 1103 H Brdwy., suite 1-2. \
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM gl TO $10.000. ;
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. |
P. Discount Agency. J43 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny. !
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
! Savings Bank building. 708 Market st
IH PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. «1« Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indor— >r. MORKLU fl«a Examiner building.
offices Axn yronES to let.
FINE suite, new roll-top desk, chairs, car-
pet couch for sale If desired. 39 Geary st.
FOL8OM. .933 — Large, light, airy store, three
rooms and yard; rent reasonable.
$23 — FLOOR space, 23x80. 956 Harrison, near
Btxth: will lease. ¦ '
A GOOD ne— ' piano for $2 50. We have con-
fidence in yuu and In our pianos — that is
' why we aslayou to try our Instruments. We
are willing to accept a small Interest on the
investment— $2 50 this month. Remember
this opportunity clo*»i with the summer sea-
son. 'First selection is best choice. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st, manufactur-
. erf of. the Peerless. Heine and agents for ten
different makes from $115 to $975, and threa
makes of piano-players from $125 to $275.
Ured barg tins from $25 up. Our output Is
double that of any other piano house.
AAAAA— FINE assortment of second-hand up-
rights from $40 up, including such makes as
" Cblckerlng, Vose, Stelnway, Steck. Knabft.
Mathushek. 'Sterling, Cnrtsa, Erard and
many others on easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ - SON. 16 O'Farrell st
PIANOS for rent: $3 per month: the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
from: pianos from $30 upward: our Iln« the
best, ©uf^-prlees the lowest ECOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. B6O-64 Hayes st.
VIOLIN for sale cheap: call at 477 Ellis st.
after 6 p. m. A. E. ORAi'ATT.
AT firewood prices; unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Whltehead's storage. 1«5« Mkt.
$60 FOR a fine upright, if you want a bargain
call at KORNirNG'S, 216 McAllister.
OOOD standard upright piano for sale; $85.
STATHAM. 110 McAllister st '
SOHMER, Byron Mauxy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post<st
$1C5 — STEINWAY upright: private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ _ CO., 16 McAllister, st
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlekertng baby grand;
Shnnlnger. ltttl*- u«?d. K-effe's. 285 O'Farr«ll.
y - .rj?- 1 -? 0 -' 1 ? AL ,?'
A. B. BARNES. MKDICAL DIRECTOR.
L. I. MATHER. Secretary.
WILLOW BARK SANITARIUM -
(Incorporated).
Treat all liquor and drug addictions
by the best known methods.
We do not agree to effect a cure In three
days. By giving a systematic treatment we
build up the system, while effecting tbe euro,
by which w* naturally ibtain the best resu:ts.
We do not claim to perform miracles.
BUT DO CLAIM TO CURE.
We have a beautiful and well, furnished hom#
¦ for all private patients. Call or write for
I booklet. Atldre*3 for particulars —
S12 Shotwell st, near Twenty- second.
Tel Whit* 3691. . San Francisco. CaL
DR. ROWELL'S Fir* of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
rore threat etc. Sold by all druggists tor
over "JO years; price 5<»c. Manufactured solely
.by ROW ELL St BROWN, :«! Turk st. 8. V.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its - growth. stops falllng.eures dand-uS
and Itching scair: no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp. at drug£!->ts';halrdreg»ers' ; ac-
c»pt no cutstltuts. Fur Re-i»dyCo..l;«S Polk.
A SUIT or ovarcoat. including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or pxady made if you can get bar-
ftalrs like this? Agent wanted. LEON
LEMOS, 1127 Market «t. bet. 7th and 8th.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
-kin, mouth, bones, etc. » speedily cured by
rkilled specialist frofci Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 828 Grant ave. '^Vorst cases cured.
'"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing nrcanlc weakncM. drains, varicocele,
etc.; easily worn: $2 50/ postpaid: physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 140 Geary, S.F.
RAG carpets' wove to. order ana for rale: also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet 'twine In hank, or chain, at lowest
rates. Oeo. Matthews. "*)9 Fifth st. Oakland.
OLD. carpets of all kinds woven Inn beautiful
- and durable rugs: any size desired. Phone
Red 7122 The Oakland Fluff Rug Factory,
¦ SP2 Market st. Oakland. . Cal. '
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
Tailor, 721 Market st .
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
! • down end SI CO per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post near Powtll.
4-7 — AM well; how are you? Write soon. ¦
j - L. and K.
PROF. DE L0NTSKY. world-known dermatcl-
oglst. Call or write, 327 Geary st
ALL my friends are welcome at my new sa-
. # loon ( tHO Comrnerei.il at J.^I." AZEVEDO.
SUPERFLUOUS hair U moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Trav*rs.ll70 Markrt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Pupont
Actlna restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
. catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 8324 13th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle ' specialist' 3C0 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Oeary. room 83.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wtgs;
- country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO. .733 Mkt
HRi.P w\\TKi *-—•*•" R V A \ •y— -Co n . : - I
A FIRST-CLASS cook for a. large fatally in
couuiry, *44l (kitchen help kept), -references
, necessary; a nuree for a child 17 months J
old. wages iSO (country); a du— >e for an in-
tant tBan Ralael), $_:5; also a young, -capable
furse for 3 months old infant. 52O, place in
city; 3 waitresses for bummer ..retort. *-5
?;ich. prcprittoi can be seen ih the city Mon-
cay; a fiirl for cooking and housework, :l in
family, in Shasta Co.. wasrs $35. f«ra paid
preferences); a cook for a small German
I family. $35; 2u housework girls for city and
21"."!^ cla ***«- wages $_-? to |:i5, at MISS
PLlfr-CETT'S. 425 Sutter st, near Powell.
wanted everywhere,- copying letters
at home, evening? or Fpare time, and return
to us; no malllnj or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned; materials free; lnclos self-addresped
envelope f or particulars. Guarantee Co..
1 No. 8 4 Ninth st.. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Young or middle-aged Protestant
woman of good education and refined ways to
keep house for American widower of 40 in
country town; easy work; comfortable home; 1
*!• per month; no objection to one nlc* ctilld. !
j daughter preferred. Addrew box 1CC0. Call.
TWO waitr s-pb for a Dlain hotel at a camp;
$25: fare paid. Call early Monday morning.
MIfl3 PI.UXKKTT. 425 Sutler St.. nr. Powell.
WE are prepared to supply very profitable
permanent employment to several ladles; $lo
to $30 weekly comfortably possible. Kueb- I
i Ion Komfort Shoe Co., 1233 Broadway, Oak- j
j land, CaL . - . - -¦ .
WANTED— Business woman (single) a« ecl- {
lector and to look up refer^nc*-* for credits; |
salary to start. $6 per week; more pcy ao- [
¦ cording to success. Room 653. Parrott bldg. I
I LADIES to do piecework at their homes; we
furnish all materials and pay from $7 to $12 !
weekly. Send stamped envelope to ROYAL !
CO.. 34 E. Monroe Bt, Chicago. j
WOMAN to enter mercantile business who can 1
hold responsible position after training and ,
experience. Box 3502. Call.
YOUNO lady operator. Remington typewriter,
for copylnr work office; state experience. P. j
j O. box 2048. ; !
LAITY bookkeeper and stenographer. Apply ¦
Oakland Home Co., 972 Broadway, cor. ICth. .
Oakland.
WOMAN with pleasing personality and some '
ability to travel for manufacturing- concern, i
Box 1047, Call office.
A— OPERATORS en ladles' walets. C56 ills"- j
slon st.. od floor.
————————— — - — — i
: A— OPERATORS on ladies' underwear. 656
I Mission i>t.. 3d floor.
I A RELIABLE, good woman to <Jr» cooking and
light all-around houpew ork. Call at Novato
House, Novato. Marin County^ Cal.
WANTED — Two German girls; one to do cook- '
itig and the other to care for 2 children, i
_Apply at 1700 Fell Bt,. cor. Masonic ave.
WANTED — Bright recent graduate ' public !
schools for paylnc position. . Box 1063. Call. :
EXPERIENCED rirls wanted in bookblndery.
BROWN-POWER CO.. 608 Clay st. |
AN educated young, lady to train for nursing. !
Apply 201S Union st.
6IX lady barbers wanted. Call at room N*J, I
Mutual Bank building. i
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops In Aiijan j
Write E. Clemens Horst 122 Battery st.SF.
A BRANCH offlca of The Call for the reception |
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth. '
Open until 11 p. m. ;
«———¦—————«" — ¦ ————————»_———-------. 1
HELP WANTED— MALE. '
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. Employment Office, j
41-J Bush st. 642 Clay st
OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY. SUNDAY. 10 TO 12. j
NEVADA- FREE FARE — NEVADA.
5 more hoi ire csrpenters. S3 JiO day.
Ship to-day — free fare — ship to-day. *
NEVADA — Government Work— 9 Hours.
4 rough carpenters. $2 day. found.
100 laborers and teamsters, $2-$2 25 day.
Fare refunded, remain 10 days.
Granite stonecutter, $4 50 day;
Russian Finn preferred.
IIOTKL DEPARTMENT.
Baker and pattry cook, summer resort, $C0.
PotwaKher, came place, $30.
Second cook, summer resort, $00.
All around restaurant cook, Pacific Grove, '
fare raid. $50. ;
Colcrcd cook, country hotel, fare paid. S5O-S6O ;
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employm-nt Office,
429> Bush St., 642 Clay st.
AT the California Employment Agency,
14 Sd tit., nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 403.
¦Spoclal— Open to-day, Sunday. 0 a. m.
r> laborers, board home, city, $2 25 day.
State of Nevada, (heap fare, refunded. . - j
United States Government work.
50 teamsters and laborers, ?2 to $2 25 day. ,
r>O drillers, bammersmen and rockmen, $2 50. i
S10 05 fore. Florence. Ariz. Fare, $10 05. j
1U0 teamtters and laborers, $2 to $3 50 Jay.
SAWMILL CREW.
2 spool tenders. $53 and found. v
Sblngle jointer, see boss here, $45 and found. |
Board puller. $45 a month and board. :
2 tall edgermen. $40 a month and board.
2 secend trimmermen, $4© month and board.
1 off bearer. $40 a month snd board.
10 lumber pliers, $33 to $40 and board.
8 men for rock quarry, $2 25 a day.
10 Slavonian laborers, sawmill, $35 found.
Milkers. 10c fare, $30 and found. ;
2 carpenters. Government Jcb, $3 day. :
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 3d st. !
IN GOD WE TRUST. j
¦Golden Gate Employment Office. 1213 Ninth
ave.. off II St., alongside of Golden Gate Park I
and next door to public library — Best mate '
help provided for all purposes, city and coun- 1
try. throughout tbe States; smallest office j
charge*: employers plfase pay half the office j
fee. Money orders payable to T. SPEAK-
MAK, station G, Son Francisco.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 317 Stockton st— 3 butlers
with references. $40 to $T>0; gardener, large i
private place, $40; choreman. $25; 2 dish- I
washers for summer rescits, $25 and $30;
pantryman. $25; 3 waiters for hotels, city,
rear city, ?30; etc. ¦
(Office hours 8:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.)
A BUTLER for a good, steady place, $,">O;
references necessary. MISd I'LUNKETT, 425 !
Sutler St.. near Powell. -
WANTED — Energetic, successful Insurance,
building and loan or investment salesman
for ALameda County; enly high-grade man
with references considered; exceptional open- 1
ing. Address box 1219. Call office. Oakland, j
WE are prepaied to supply very profitable
permanent employment to fpveral; $10 to $30
weekly comfortably possible. Kuehion
KorrtTort Shoe Co., 1233 Broadway, Oakland,
Cal.
TOUNO men everywhere, copy letters, home
evenings; $9 50 week; send addresved en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. S 4,
Box 1411, Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — 250 men to know that "The Best"
lodging house is the cleanest and most com-
fortable In tbe city; all new; lCc to 25c.
607 California st. near Kearny.
WANTED — Educated gentleman who has good
knowledge of cyclopedias; $1200 per year;
references required.
UNIVERSITY SOCIETY, box 2103. Call.
HAVE all kinds of positions op<-n all parts
the United States. Will send you list of posi-
tions free; write for It to-day. National
Iteglstratlon Co.. Toledo, Ohio.
! 'WANTED— Experienced hlgh-ela;s advertising
man; novices need not apply; to right man
1. l»r opportunity: commission. Apply room
616, Mills building, b to S a. m.
j. GOOD plain Ironer. a young man: fair
vtaget board and room. Apply SAUSALITO
LAUNDRY. South Sausallto.
WANTED — A young man with city acquain-
tance to increase income, using spare time
soliciting. Box 1010. Call.
DETECTIVES— Every locality: good salary; ex-
perience unnecessary. Pinkerton's U. S. De-
tectlve Agency. Milwaukee. Wjs.
MIDDLE-AGED gardener; steady place; short
distance In country; moderate wages. Box
> 2160. Call office.
WANTED— Boy 15 or 16 years of age to carry
paper route. Leavenworth to Octavia, bet
Gfary and Pine. Apply 1212B Larkin st
WANTED— Dentist— Good extractor; good rap-
Id crown and bridge workman. Schiffman
Dental Co.. Los Angeles, Cal. '
HAIGHT teaches you the barber trade and
.pays you wages while learning. Call at
Haleht's Barber College, 647 Commercial st.
BOY about 16 years old for wholesale drug
house; references. Box 1049, Call office.
CIRCULAR, sample distributors wanted everv-
where; no canvassing. Co-Op. Ad. Co. N. Y.
BOY for liquor rflore to I'-arn the business.
BROWNgTONE WINE CO.. 320 Market St.
WOOD working machine hand for furniture
factory. 2147 Folsom Bt. • ¦'
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply bet 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
A GOOD collector of bills: must give a surety
bond. FRED KRUEOER. 205 Parrott bldg.
REAL estate salesman — Exceptional opportunl-
ty; steady position. Box 101(1, Call.
BARBER wanted. Call at residence, 1521 G.
G. ave., bet. 2 and «; steady; $15.
BEER tapper; German preferred. 1053 Mar-
ket et
YOUNG man for assistant floor walker: must
have some knowledge of sign -writing. Apply
MARKS BROS., 1220 Market EL, • "
'. HKIP : \VAXTBT»-. M»I,Ti— .<-„«.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
F. M. GUNN 638 Commercial st
Phone- Main 1101. 5 d*ms from Kearny.
Nevada, fare refunded. In 10 days, boss here.
He gives you written guarantee on this.
8 hours' work, teamsters and laborers, $2
to $2 25 day.
• 10 woodchopper*. 4-ft. wood, $1 00 cord;
horn* and stove furnished; tools and pro-
visions advanced.
15 wcodchoppers, mine co., $1 CO cord.
20 laborers, 6 hours' work, free fare, $60.
Other Jobs, call and see. Office open to-day
x 10 to noon. ' ...
AT once, 2 first-class .carriage wood workers
at SPINNEY'S. 1640 Mission st.
WANTED— A boy at 210 O'Farrtll it
ALL sixes men's Shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission St., bet. 1st and -d sts.
GET your shoes Half-soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. CCS Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HXI.P WA-TTE1>— -U-XEBMl-y.
SALKSMEN mnke 5C0 per ee'nt commission
. tolling "Novelty Sign Cards" • merchants buy
10 to 100 on sight: 800 varieties; cat; free.
SULLIVAN CO., 1130 Maple wood ave,,Chicago
TRAVELING rale— nsn. to call on trenersl
stores, by large wholesale house. In Califor-
nia; position permanent. P. A. WATSON,
s.i Irs manager. 06 Fifth ave., Chicago.
"^ HORSES AX O WAGONS.
FOR sate — Pacing mare, $175; 7 years old, very
fast; gentle in every respect; safe for wo-
man to drive; will go double. For particu-
lars address box 660. Call.
TWO stylish pacers: record 2:19*4; <Jo better;
will be at East F.nd Park speedway 10 to 12
a. m., 1 to 3 p. m. to-day; come and try
them.
ELEGANT surrey; brand new; juet the thing
for a summer resort; price 1175. Corner
Nineteenth and Shotwell sts.-. G. POSTLER.
A GENTLE good horse for sale; works single
or double or in buggy; and a top wagon.
66 Webster «t
AUCTION sale every. Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons, surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round;' near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
1 County. Nucleus Stables. 180 Stevenson, S.F.
FOR sale — Extra fine camp wagon with para-
phernalia : also 2 driving and 0 work horses.
875 Foli»m at. 5
|2.%0 — YOUNG, sound, strong iron gray horse.
Call Monday, 473 Valencia st.
1 .
FOU wale— 8 horaes; $15. 2728 Bryant st
WANTED — Horse (sound) for delivery wagon.
Box 1014. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a buggy; must be in good
repair. Box 832. Call office
WANTED— Single set buggy harnees. Box
j SMS. Cgll office.
FINE »urry. almost n«w, cheap. 3130 Sac-
ramento at.
HIGH-CLASS black surrey horse for sale;
party leaving town. 24 Golden Gate ave.
FOR i»le — Two second-hand platform spring
wagons and one truck. 233 Bcale st.
NEW and socond-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1815 Market -t.. opp- Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horse*. 15th- Valencia.
A WEEK' 8 news for S cent*— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let;' send ror cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN - CO.. 20 Montgomery.
FILLMORE. 2041— Modern house of 0 rooms
and bath, furnace, reception hall, hardwood
floors; nice yard; house open Monday.
BUCHANAN. 1009. near Bueh— 8-room sunny
house; fine yard; basement; fine view.
WALLER, 1.111— Modern house: 9 rooms; bath
ar.d billiard room, heaters, etc.; $50.
IIOliSKS TO IK'I— KIK.NiSHKD.
PINE, 1122. near Leavenworth — Handsomely
furnished residence of 17 rooms. 2 baths; i
adapted for boarding-house; enough rooms |
now rented to pay rent; will give lease. Ap-
ply to F. B. SURRYHNE. 138 Montgomery
St.. for further particulars. . , .
HOI SKS FURNISHEIW-POn SALE.
17-ROOM corner house; north Market; l«mtre.l
(lOuO; low rent; income *:t0 net; will, sacri-
fice; no reasonable offer .refused; must sell;
leaving city. Address box 1027, Call office.
INVESTMENTS.
GOOD Investment— A limited number of shares
at 23c per share: this stock will 'be worth
one dollar (fl) per chare witmn a year; call
or write Osceola Mining and Development
Company. 414 CrossJey building. ' S. F.
~~ LOST AKD FOUXD.
LOST — Monday, goinr from Jackson and Hyde
to Ashbury and Page, lady's plafn gold
breastpin. Pl«.a-e return 503 Ashbury st.
LOST — June 12, brown pointer dog; June 14,
brown pointer bitch; reward for return or in-
formation. 101 Bartlett st, cor. 22d.
LOST— Lady's gold specimen pin; valued as
keepsake; reward. L. B. WELLER, 335 3d.
LOST— Gold watch en Vallejo or Larkin sts.
Return to 1812 Hyde st. and receive reward.
LOST — Great Dane dog; reward. 125 Third
street . •
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernta Savings
and Loan .Society -if Ban • Francisco In the
, name of IRMA BLEUER; No. 256-52S. The
. finder will [>:ea*e return to bank.
[ LOST — A 22 repeating rifle; reward $5. Re-
turn to the Conclave. Oeary and Kearny sts.
¦ -.AXTITCB-ES rOK HI-t3.7
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH Co7T^or~oTciay
st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
J. Michaelis Launch Co.,Unlon-st Wharf: boat-
Injr A excursions. 6 Steuart st. : tal. John 2689.
_ MATBIMOIT1AI..
GENTLEMAN of 38 years, carpenter by trade,
has property, wishes to become acquainted
, with a young lady who has been raised in
. «oot] home surroundings and would make
home happy for a good husband; object mat-
rimony. Box 3500, Call office.
A YOUNG man, 24 years old. assistant cashisr
In a bank in thin city, goo.!, steady, sober
man, wishes to Cf^respond with an amiable
young Udy of g*od family and .refined
tattes and manners; object matrimony. Box
S50, Call office.
BACHELOR. 40, 'owning manufacturing husl-
n»«*s, good standing, seeks acquaintance of
vdiicwet educated lady o" good form and
Jflgurc, as-e unilfer 34c full description, name/
aye. required; object matrimony. Box lOOtf,
Call offlro. :•
A BACHELOR nnd a business m»n, has prop- !
erty and can give a wife a fine home, would
like the acquaintance of a middle-aged lady
matrimonially Inclined. Address box 1041,
__Call office. .
REFINED business gentleman, SI, widower,
childless; have pretty heme; would marry
stylish lady of good appearance; confiden-
tial; no triflers. Box 3570. Call.
A FARMF<R, 45, jrnod, comfortable home.
would like to meet a plain domesticated
woman who would make a good wife; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 812, Call.
BUSINESS man of 40 would like to open corre-
• spondence with typist who will go to Santa
Barbara; ultimate object matrimony. Address
box 1076, Call office. • .
AMERICAN Udy (widow). 46, good house-
keeper, Avnuld like to meet a kind and hon-
orable Jentleman; object matrimony. Box
2300. Call office. - .
A SALESLADY. 26 years old (steady employ^
ment),. wishes to correspond with young gen-
tleman who Is matrimonially Inclined. Box
SOI, Call office.
YOUNG lady, 28, some property and means,
would like to correspond with a gentleman;
object matrimony. Box 1078. Call offtco.
A WIDOW without lncumbrance would tike
to correspond with* gentleman; object mat-
rlmony. Box 1007. Call office.
YOUNG man. 27, loving disposition, would like
acquaintance of a young lady; object matri-
mony. Box 2600, Call office.
GENTLEMAN 33. income $1000 per year,
wishes to marry some nlca lady under 23.
Address Box 3514, Call. .
LADY, 37 'year- old would like to correspond
with, a gentleman; 'object matrimony. Box
3546, Call office. . .
A YOITNO man wnnts ¦ to meet pretty -young
- lady: object matrimony. Box 1017. Call office.
MIXES AND MIXING ¦; .
A PARTY wanted to finish developing good
- gold prospect; most liberal terms to right
people: no middleman need apply "" Box
.3507. Call office. . ¦• r.
PIONEER Assaying Co.— Assaying half usual
prices; no students; prompt •• attention to
mailed sample*. 157 New Montgomery it 1 :
HKI.l' W<\TPil> — M M.R— rnntt-n»<1. I
. OPEN TO-DAT. .
SUNDAY 8 to 12 a.m.
MURRAY & READY, phone Main 684S.
634 and 63U Clay »t; CS18 phone Main. '
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. !
1!K).J \\q Gave isk>4 We Hope to
. . CO.COO Men Work. Increase «W,000.
Spanish— German — FTeneh.
Italian — Swiss — Greek. . .
. NEVADA STATE— 8 HOURS.
Government work— Free fare.
3C5 teamsters, $2 to $2 50 day.
Drillers, hammersmen, etc., $73 to $90.
Special shipment of 1 passenger car to-day.
ARIZONA— FLORENCE— ARIZONA. *
1050 miles— $10 50.
2 epeciel passengers dally over Santa Fe.
2.V.5 men wanted
Drillers, rockmen. teamsters, laborers, etc,
$2, $2 fto, $3 to $3 60 day.
SOUTH— 4WJ miles— $4 00— SOUTH.
55u teamsters, you'll suit, $C0.
TO THE LUMBER.
Cj laborers, no experience wanted, $60.
teamster. $50 found; head dcnkeyman, $50
rnd found; 2 carriage setters, 10 Scandina-
vian la o er», saw.r.lil co.. *«); srew turn f,
hook teaders. edgermen logger who under-
stands rigjlng, $00 found; shingle packers,
cutoff sawyers, molder, sticker hand cutoff
sawyer run boring machine, $2.
CARPENTERS— CARPENTERS.
0 carpenters, housework, faro $1, $3 day.
3 carpenters, plain work, fare 30c. $3 60 day.
Carpenters; C. C. Co.. fart $1. *2 day and »d.
Carpenter, ranch job. fare $1. $40 and found. '
OTHER TRADESMEN. !
Biackfcmith, lumber company. $50 and found. ,
Bjaijcsrruth. mining town, $75 and found.
18 horscshoers. all round blacksmiths and |
« f K r9> - ty ond country jobs, $4, $3 60. $3, ;
f £ 60 day. 1
StSS^ESS^ $ < 4 lff ~ nt job8 ' w to t d * y -
IS coopers, slack work, north and south.
U rash and door hands $3 to $3 60 day.
4 plumbers, $4 day; shlnglcr, 60c per M.
105 WOODCIIOPPERS. TIEMAKERS.
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIES.
36 labr.rers, for mines. $40 and $30 and -fd.
18 driller*, no fare to pay. $Hi 50.
LABORERS, TEAMSTERS.
1>3 scraper and wagon teamsters, $2 25 a day.
1«4 laborers, all over California, some in
San Francisco, $2 and M DO a day.
35 laborers, 8 hours' work daily, that's all; I
$2 a day. - - . ' I
HAY AND HARVEST HANDS.
01 haymakers, all over State. $1 50 day fd.
38 harvest hands, sack sewers, pitchers, etc.,
$2 a day and found.
18 teamsters, extra good jobs, $1 .0 and |2 '
a (lav nnd found. j
DAIRYMEN. STABLEMEN. |
Ct milker*, extra good jobs; come see; $35,
$40 and found.
0 buttmnakers. 2 cheesemakers, $40, $50 fd.
19 stablemen, city and country jobs, $75
$00, J35 and found.
46 cboiemon and boys, different Jobs, $35
** and :_0.
MURRAY- _ READY.
0.J4 and 636 Clay at
FOREMAN'
For vineyard and orchard: call early; will
pay the wages; we want the man.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 630 Clay st
MAN to run cyanide plant; understands chem-
istry; boss here; good wages; also 12 ma-
rhlne miners. ${X>.
MURRAY 4b READY. «M4 and fi."6 Clay St
MARRIED.
Cook and wife, 15 men, mine, fare $3, $40 fd.
Cook and wife, lumber camp, $50 found.
1 Milker and wife. Northern Cal., $50 found.
4. farmers and wives, $50. $60. $70 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
HOTEL DEPT.
Tamale maker, $40 and found.
Waiter, mine. ?ao.
12 cooks, different places, $30 to $65 found.
0 waiters, different places, $30 to $40 found.
27 dishwashers. $25, $.".0, $35 found.
: Porters, bell and elevator boys, pantrymen.
LOOK
Milk wagon driver, extra good Job, $40 fd.
LAUNDRYMEN.
Laundryman, plain work. Institution, $30 fd.
MURRAY '& READY.
634 and 63i Clay st.
2 HARNESS cleaners. $75.
Printer city. $1 to $1 60 day.
LAUNDRY.
Ironer. fare $1, $12 week.
Mangle hand, fare $1. $10 week.
- — LOOK
Flastwer, country Job, $i day.
Dench hand, planing mill, $3 day.
MURRAY _, READY. tO4-6S6 Clay st
LATE SPECIALS. \
SAWMILLS.
20 laborers for sawmill, no experience needed,
fare $2 25, $35 and found.
Plasterer, Marln County, $4 day-
Butcher, small country shop, $35 and found. .
Gardener, vegetable and flowers, see boss
here, $35 and found.
4 carpenters, rough work, Nevada, $60 found.
15la< -ksmith, camp, Nevada, $60 and found.
4 c-arpeatera, rong-h work, factory. $3 day.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA.
20 laborers and teamsters, Nevada, free fare.
Butcher, slauchter-house. ranch. $50 found.
Rough carpenter, city, $2 25 day.
. 3 carpenters, SOc fare, $3 to $4 day.
Finish carpenter, city, $3 CO day.
tt m<»n to Irrigate orchard, ' $2« and found.
MURRAY _ READY, 634-63S Clay st
11ED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
CO2 Clay -t. • Phone James 2476.
Nevada — Government work — Nevada.
Teamsters $2 25 day
Drillers $2 25 day
laborers $2 day
Fare refunded after ten consecutive days'
i work.
; Take this. Don't delay.
I 2 spool tender* $50 month and found.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY!
85 Third st. . Telephone Main 5521.
. OPEN SUNDAY MORNING.
Nevada same as free fare; It Is returned to
; . you in ten days.
Teamsters, $2 25; laborers. $2.
Old man cook 5 men, $25.
Rough carpenter, city, $3.
HORD & SMITH.
i WANTED — Men who are now successfully en-
gaged In representing wholesale tailoring
flrms; the very* best wholesale tailoring house
In the United States will give such men an '
opportunity to make more money; the very i
best sampje equipment, such as woolens on
consignment, swatches, unlimited advertising :
restters, etc.. will be furnished; branch j
store* will be opened without requiring In-
vestment; sure Income assured to right par-
ties; good salesmen will find this their op-
portunity. Address A. K. NICHOL, lock box
520, Chicago. 111.
I GOVERNMENT positions— More than 15.000
appointments last year: examinations soon In
San Francisco. Write for circular J — 1. giv-
ing list of positions, salaries, examinations,
sample questions et<\. to National Corre-
spondence InFtttute, Pacific Coast Office. 027
Market it.', San Francisco, Cal.
: _„_______________„___ j
, WANTED — Solicitors to sell the latest an<L-
safest investment on the market Our "Re- i
servo Secured Interest Bearing Certificates" !
are an easy seller. .We guarantee hustlers :
good wages. Ask for Mr. McGatvie. room :
53, Columbian bldg., 016 Market st.
A MAN/ of indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make monjy. F. PKR-
SON. 477 and 478, Parrott building.
WANTED — Old man to work on private place;
• light work; good wa*es w^tl home. Address
Manzana Farm, Redwood City, Cal..
BARBER shop; 3 chairs, bath, bootblack
stand; in lively town: money-maker; fine
location. Box 3. Placerville.
2-CIIAIR barber shop for sale or rent. Corner
Twenty-ninth and Church.
L-CHA1R barber shoo for sole cheap. 3903
Eizhteenth st.
WANTED — Bright, recent graduate public
schools for paying position. Box 1062. Call.
WANTED — First-class carriage woodworkers.
R. NUGENT. 13 Tenth tt.
BARBER shop for sale, clearing $25 per week;
rent, $8. 3147 Twenty-fourth st
PATTERN maker: must be first class. Krogh
Mfg. Co.. 610 Market st
~" ~ ALL ~ '
Men to learn tt.e BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required; positions secured; con- i
slant practice and expert Instruction; special
' offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
WANTED — Three first-class carriage black-
- smiths and three first-class body makers;
good wages and steady employment to right
parties. Apply A. MEISTER A SONS CO.,
Sacramento, ¦ Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed'Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House
217 Thlr.l st; 250 rooms; 25 to 60c per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
A profitable outing; pick hops In August Write
E.CLEMENS HORST CO..122Battery st,8.F.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy, r. 415.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741 A Howard st
SAILORS and young men fgreen hands) for
ships.. HALLBERT. 817 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty.,E. A. Bullls, r.40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post O. A. It
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st
WINcTlESTER Hotel,. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bua ana baggage to and from ferry.
A TIRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and srifcscrlptions has been
.opened at 1008 Market st, oproaite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. raA cat will not look at a kins U then
is a mouse in sljht.
After a woman has taken singing les
sons she may not be much of a singer,
bat she is a great critic.
LISBON, Portugal, June 18.— Minister
of Foreign 'Affairs Lima and Marine
Minister Gorjao gave a farewell ban
quet last night' in honor of the Ameri
can fleet. , -' ' V^ : ':* v^.'^'-V- V
Spaniards Banquet Americans.
"Gee, no!" exclaimed the pretty cash
girl. "I don't want, nothin' to do with
you. I wouldn't marry you if you was
the last man on earth. Is that plain
enough English for you?"
"It is certainly, plain enough," sajd
the mortified bookkeeper. "But it isn't
English. "-^-Chicago Trlbuna
TACOMA, June 18.— The population
of the city of Tacoma, exclusive of Me-
Kinley precinct, according to R. L. Polk
& Co.'s directory now in press, is 67,
000, an increase of 4000 since a little
less than a year ago.
Tacoma's Population Is 67,000.
; ST. LOUIS, June 18.— The University
of California- Glee Club will sing in
the ' California building ; to-morrow
(Sunday) evening at 8 o'clock for the
benefit of those who live on the fair
grounds. '.
Berkeley-Glee Club at Fair.
ST. LOUIS, June 18.— After a pursuit
of more than 1000 miles # Clayton C. Pot
ter, Clerk of Mills County, Iowa, was
arrested here to-day on a charge ot
embezzling $8000 of the county funds.
Captured After Long Chase.
The English Channel TunneL
Once more is the notion of a railway
tunnel between England and France
discussed. This is ona of the
results of the "entente cordiale"—
which, by the way, is the title of a
new periodical published In both lan
guages and In the two countries for
the purpose of furthering the good feel,
ing that exists.
It is in the first number of this pub
lication that the tunnel scheme to unita
England and France is once more re
vived. The French Chamber of Com
merce is taking the matter up in Paris
and London.
The objections to the scheme have
come mainly from London. In Francs
there appears to be a very strong
body of opinion in favor of a rail,
way under the sea between Calais and
Dover, r Most people have probably for
! gotten that the tunnel was actual!?
j commenced In both countries som«
years ago. About a mile on each sida
was constructed. — New York Com
mercial.
RENO, Nev., June 18.— The change in
division from "Wadsworth and Truckee
took place at midnight to-night. Rail
road men with their families, two hun
dred In all, arrived at Sparks on a spe
cial train to-day to have affairs run
ning when the change took place. It
was Impossible for all to find sleeping
accommodations and many were com
pelled to take up their home In Reno
until they can secure homes close to
their work.
Change in Railroad Division.
ST. LOUIS, June 18.— An official bul
letin.'issued to-night by the "World's
Fair Press Bureau tells of some flne
examples of grain grown In a remark
ably short season that were placed, on
exhibition in the 'California section of
the Palace of Agriculture this morn
ing. The grain was grown in Kings
and Fresno counties, Cal. Several
sheaves of oats of an excellent quality,
which were planted April 16 and har
vested June 8 of this year, are shown,
and stalks of corn over ten feet tall
and fully matured, which were planted
April 26 and cut June 8, are also; ex
hibited. '
Kings and Kern Counties Send Cereals
to Show at Exposition. ¦¦
EXHIBITS EARLY GRAIN.
Pretty young women of Elgin have
resorted to a practice that has casued
the Mayor of the town to go about hold
ing up his hands in dismay and pre
dicting all kinds of dire calamities.
The girls have taken to shooting
irons, and the hardware men have told
the Mayor that they have' cleaned out
their stores of everything from a toy
derringer to a breechloading shotgun.
They are now practicing on different
objects, and the Mayor is afraid some
brother, husband or sweetheart will be
filled with lead. He says that no one In
the 5ity limits Is safe, and Is sure that
some "down in Clintonville or up at
Dundee will be killed. : ,
It all came from the act of an Elgin
girl who drew a bead on a tramp who
tried to push past her Into the house.
The "Weary Willie put up the best
sprint that was ever heard of In the
town, the papers gave up space to the
Incident, and now every woman in the
town is determined to emulate her grit.
—Chicago Tribune.
Elgin Girls Go Armed.
Mrs. Ernestine Lamdbeck of 239^
Perry street Is being held for obser
vation at the Central Emergency Hos
pital. She has been acting queerty of
late, and the neighbors, believing her
mind to be unbalanced, had her re
moved to the hospital. She Imagines
that her husband, who Is an engineer
on a sea-going vessel out of port at the
present time, haa deserted her. About
a year ago Mrs. Lamdbeck attempted
to commit suicide at the ocean bead!,
but was rescued from the surf by two
young men.
Thinks She Is Deserted.
ROME, June IS. — The consistory,
which it was announced would be held
June 27, seems now to have been post
poned In order to avoid what would
have been almost a necessity, namely
that the Pope'should deliver an allocu
tion on the Franco-Vatican relations
while negotiations are being carried on
to clear up the incident of President
Loubet's visit to Rome. Besides im
portant changes in the French Govern
ment are expected, which by themselves
may solve the whole affair.
No date is given for the holding of
the consistory,
Chnrch Function Delayed Because of
the Existing Relations Between
France and the Vatican.
COXSISTORY POSTPONED
PEXDIXG NEGOTIATIONS
From Los Angeles— A. H. Heber, at
the Holland, and O. C Hoff, at the
Cosmopolitan.
NEW YORK, June IS. — The registers
of the various hotels show the presenca
in New York of the following Callfor
nlans:
From San Francisco— P. W. Alston,
at the Wolcott; R. C. Brant, at tha
Astor House: Mrs. H. Harrison, at the
St. Denis; J. H. Hjul and C H. HJul.
at the Grand Union; R. H. Sherman,
at the Herald Square; R. C Bertheau,
at the York; D. Edwards, at the Hotel
Imperial; Mrs. E. Ganz, at the Marl
borough; Miss A. Goldstein, at tha
Earllngton; J. McDonnell, at the Hoff
man, and Miss M. Rossbach, at th«
Girard.
Calif ornians in. New York.
SANTA CRUZ, June 18.— The local
groves of the Druids and the citizens
of Santa Cruz have completed "arrange
ments for the reception and entertain
ment of the members of the Grand
Grove,' which will be In session here
next week. A large arch bearing the
emblems of the order has been erected
on Pacific avenue, and at night it will
be outlined by electric lights.
It- Is expected that fully 500 delegates
will attend the session of the Grand
Grove. They will arrive here Monday
evening and will be met at the depot
by the local members of the order.
There will be an Informal parade
along Pacific avenue and a concert at
the Hotel St. George.
There will be another parade Tues
day afternoon, and at its conclusion
Mayor D. C. Clark will deliver an ad
dress of welcome. The response will
be made by the noble grand arch.
The local circle of lady Druids haS
arranged an attractive programme for
the entertainment of the Grand Circle
of lady Druids.
Residents of the Seaside City Com
plete Arrangements for the Enter
tainment of the Visitors.
GRAND GROVE OF DRUIDS
TO MEET AT SANTA CRUZ
The tin fields in the United States
that have been periodically announced
for so many years have tended to make
men skeptical as to the probability of
the existence of this valuable metal in
this country in large quantities. How
ever, contrary to past reports In this
connection, the value of the tlnbearing
dike, recently discovered in Alaska
seems to increase with time. It has
been reported that ore to the amount
of fifteen tons from the Alaska Tin
Mining Company was, brought to Se
attle, Wash., recently. This ore was
taken out by sluice boxes, and re
sembles ordinary gray sand (stream
tin), and samples taken from the cargo
assayed 58 per cent tin at a Government
assay office. This ore had all been
worked by hand, but having demon
strated that the ore was In sufficient
quantity and rich 'enough to pay to
work it, the company plans to put In a
pumping plant and machinery that will
handle 500 tons of dirt a day. The
season, however, Is limited to 100 work
ing days.
A later report in regard to this Alaska
ore has Its source In an assay office In
Providence, R. I., which announces
that it is a very high-grade or almost
pure casslterite, and needs no concen
tration whatever; further, that twenty
claims have been taken up by different
parties, two of whom have sent to their
office ore which averaged nearly 50 per
cent tin. In view of the fact that
hitherto no tin has been profitably
mined in the United States, and that
for the years 1890 and 1902 tin imported
was worth about 27 cents a pound at
New York City on a consumption of
over 85,000,000 pounds, the importance
of this discovery is apparent. — Mines
and Minerals.
Alaska Tin.
LONDON, June 18.— Charles Frohman
has secured Henry Arthur Jones' play,
"Joseph Entangled," for Henry Miller,
who will reach New York on June 22.
Frohman has also engaged Hilda Spong
and Sam Southern for the American
production of the piece, which will be
given at the Columbia Theater in San
Francisco early in August and will
reach New York November 19.
Mrs. Patrick Campbell has signed
a contract with Charles Frohman by
which she will appear under his man
agement for 'twenty-six weeks In the
principal cities of the United States.
Mrs. Campbell's .tour will begin in
New York on October 8. .
Talented People Will Appear at Co
lumbia in Production of Jones'
Play, "Joseph Entangled."
HILDA SPONQ AND SOUTHERN
ARE ENGAGED BY FROHMAN
Alden Anderson of Suisun, Acting
Governor of California, was In tha
city yesterday.
S. A. Moss of Montpelier. "VL, who Is
interested In the gold dredglne enter
prises near Orovllle, Is at the St.
Francis.
John W. Northrop, president of al
large piano factory In Boston, and tho
members of his family arrived hero
yesterday from Southern California
and are registered at the St. Francis.
E. R. Anthony, for many years
connected with the paymaster's office
of the Southern Pacific Company has
been appointed assistant superintend
ent of the coast division. He Is tha
son of J. A. Anthony, who was for
many years local freight agent of th«
company.
Dr. von Gehwa and wife oi Buf»
falo are at the Palace.
F. C Lusk, an attorney of Caico,
arrived at the Palace yesterday.
V. P. Frange, a mining man of
Goldflelds, Nev., ia registered at tha
Palace.
PERSONAL.
An incident which touched the hearts
of the people at Camp Pardee yester
day was the meeting of Dr. Charles
Mars of Fruitvale and Joe Anderson of
Healdsburg, comrades who had been
separated for thirty-nine years. Both
were members of Company G, Eleventh
Iowa Infantry. They enlisted at the
same time and through the long war
h^d been comrades. After being hon
orably discharged at Davenport, Iowa,
July 23, 1865, they separated and lost
all trace of each other until Friday.
Neither believed the other to be living.
PETALUMA, June IS.— The beautiful
summer weather and an Interesting
programme made Oakland day at
Camp Pardee an enjoyable one for the
veterans. Lieutenant Clark was officer
of the day, and in the morning inspect
ed the quarters and guards. At 2
o'clock this afternoon there were reci
tations and songs by the children of
the camD. Two hours later Company
A of the Veteran Reserves, N. G* C
paraded the streets of this city. The
veterans gave an entertainment In the
pavilion this evening the pro
gramme was well carried out. Dancing
concluded the evening's pleasure.
To-morrow all camp routine will be
suspended. Rev. S. C. Patterson will
deliver an address in the afternoon, and
the ritual memorial services will be
held.
Beautiful Summer Weather and an
Interesting Programme Add to
Enjoyment of the Visitors.
VETERANS AT CAMP PARDEB
CELEBRATE OAKLAND DAY
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 19W. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON, June 18. — It takes a good
deal of courage to send out Invita
tions for an entertainment In town
during Ascot week, but American hos
tesses were to the fore on Friday
night, when Mrs. Mackay once again
threw open her beautiful house In
Carlton House terrace, giving an op
portunity for hearing' some delightful
music.
Mrs. Mackay, wearing a handsome
black toilette, with rope pearls around
her neck, received her guests at the
top of a splendid marble staircase and
by her side stood the Princess Colon
na, in a dress composed entirely of
lace, with a tiara of large turquoises
and diamonds.
The party was given for Mr. and
Mrs. Clarence Mackay.
Muslcale in Carlton House Terrace in
Honor of Her Son and
His Wife.
MRS. JOHN W. MACKAY
ENTERTAINS IN LONDON
The entire quantity of hay and oats
required for the U3e'of the army in the
Philippines— 5000 tons of hay and 6000
tons of oats— has been awarded to local
firms, who submitted the lowest bids in
competition with the dealers in Oregon
and Washington. Bids for furnishins
forage for army use were opened In
this city June 4 by Major Devol, tha
depot quartermaster.
Last fall a controversy arose between
the California and northern bidders ia
Oregon and Washington in regard to
the quality of the hay and oats from
the respective States and this dlsputa
was carried to Washington before the
quartermaster general of the army.
There seemed to be some hesitancy on
the part of army officials to purchase
California hay, as they were not fa
miliar with its good qualities until
Senators Perkins and Bard placed be
fore the quartermaster general Indis
putable evidence that the California
hay is so well thought of by the owners
of race horses that a number of them,
to-day are having California hay ship
ped to them across the continent.
The evidence as to the excellence of
California fodder placed before tin
quartermaster general was so strong
that the award was quickly made. The
transports Sherman and Dlx will load
at this port with hay and oats for Ma
nila during the coming month.
United States Army Will Use Largo
Quantities of Hay and Oats
Grown Here.
CALIFORNIA FODDER WINS
DECIDED APPRECIATION
TORONTO.Ont.. June 18.— Lord Dun
donald, late commander of the militia
of Canada and who was dismissed by
the Government for, as they term it.
Indiscretion and insubordination,
shown In a recent speech at Montreal,
to-day in a statement given to the
press hits back at his critics.
Lord' Dundonald asserts that the
militia has been grossly interfered with
by party politicians. He alleges that
Important parts of his reports for 1902
and 1903 were wrongfully suppressed
by the MInlster f of Militia, contrary to
his wishes. He, indeed, charges Sir
Frederick Borden with falsehood in the
House of Commons. He shows that the
militia has been greatly neglected— it
lacks all that Is necessary to make It
efficient.
The great Northwest, he points out,
is left defenseless, without even a gun.
As regards preparation for war and
readiness to resist aggression, the peo
ple of Canada,, he says, are living In
a fool's paradise.
Lord DundonaM, Former Head of
the Canadian Militia, Attacks
Sir Frederick Borden,
DISMISSED COMMANDER
. HITS BACK AT HIS CRITICS
Mrs. Catherine Flack, a pioneer res
ident of this city, passed away at her
residence, 236% Eleventh street. Fri
day morning. Death was caused by a
stroke of paralysis. Mrs. Flack waa
well known in the State and la sur
vived by numerous relatives. Tha
funeral will take place to-morrow
morning at 9 o'clock from St. Jo
seph's Church.
Pioneer Woman Dies.
GIBRALTAR, June 18.— The British
battleship Prince of Wales sailed to
day for Tangier.
WASHINGTON, June 18.— A cable
gram received at* the State Department
from Consul General Gummere at Tan
gier, in confirming the press report that
the Sultan of Morocco had agreed to
all of Ralssouli'a terms, adds that
the money ransom, $55,000, was to have
been paid over to-day. Raissouli's ne
gotiator returned to Tangier last night
and reported that the terms had been
accepted, and said the money, as well
as the prisoners released by the Sul
tan to-day, must be immediately turned
over to Raissoull at Taradant and the
captives would be released. Gummere
and the British Minister objected to
this plan and sent a special courier to
Raissouli suggesting that the exchange
be effected through the Sheriff of
Wazan. The answer is expected to
morrow.
OMAHA. June 18. — An officer of
the South Atlantic squadron, writ-
Ing to a friend In Omaha, indicates lit
tle enthusiasm over the Perdlcarls res
cue. Writing from Tangier, he says:
"We just got in to-day. We find that
some naturalized Greek- American, who
has not been In America for twenty
years, has been captured by tribesmen
•who are in revolt, and they demand
the release of all tribesmen held pris
oners by the Sultan, the discharge of
certain Governors of cities and $7000
ransom for this reprobate American,
who. by the way, has lived here and
become quite wealthy. I don't know
what the outcome will be, but we are
going to land 600 men to-morrow and
make a demonstration."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Eelease of Prisoners De
layed Because of Lack
of Confidence in Bandit
GREENVILLE. June IS.— George
Etandart, long Identified with the nam
ing and political history of this section,
and well known to the pioneers of this
State and Nevada, died here to-day.
He was a native of New York and 63
years of age. He was a prominent Ma
eon, and a member of the Assembly
from this district in 1392. He leaves a
considerable estate, A son and daugh
ter survive him.
Death of a Former Assemblyman.
HITCH AT TANGIER
Naval Officer Befers to the
Captive of Kaissouli as
a Reprobate American"
HAKRISBTJRO. T*^ June 18.r-2ir«afi9
D. Detwiler. a former srand exalted
ruler of the Order of Elks and presi
dent of the board of governors of the
Elks' National Home, died of periton
itis to-night at his residence here aft«»
a brief illness. J
Although without a weapon of any
kind, Quick, when he drew near to the
ex-soldier, called on him- to halt or he
would shoot The man stopped, threw
up his hands and was captured.
OAKLAND, June 18.— Mrs. Osoar XX
Whitney wm held up this evening; by
Alexander Finn, an ex-United States
soldier, who stopped his victim on
Brush street, between Fourteenth and
Fifteenth, tore her purse from her
hand and then turned and ran.
Mrs. Whitney's screams were heard
by H. C. Quick, who resides in the
neighborhood. Rushing? from his house
In his stocking feet, without coat or
hat on, he pursued the fleeing robber,
capturing him at the corner of Thir
teenth and West streets. At the
police station Finn | made a full con
fession. He said he had been driven to
crime by want, but his appearance doe»
not bear out his story.
Mrs. Whitney is the wife of Oscar 1>.
Whitney, a Southern Pacific conductor,
and resides at 1510 West street Sh»
was on her way home in company with
Mrs. M. Nelson and her daughter. Miss
Cora Nelson, when the' holdup took
place.
Alexander Finn Koba Mrs. Oscar D.
Whitney and Is Now Under
• Arrest*
TART OPINION
OF PERDICARIS
DEATH'S CALL
IS ANSWERED
BY DETWILER
EX-SOLDIER TURNS FOOTPAD
BUT IS CAUGHT BY A BLUFF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19; 1904.
46
AJ»AJM.'«HUf,T HOUSES— OtmtlaaaA.
"ZZ EL DRISCO APARTMENTS.
COR. PACIFIC AVE. AND BRODERICK ST.;
8, 4 AND ft ROOMS, FURNISHED OR UN-
FURNISHED; COMMANDS AN CNSUR-
PABSED VIEW OF THE ENTIRE CITY. I
OCEAN AND BAY: TOUR INSPECTION
SOLICITED: BEST OF REFERENCES RE-
QUIRED. MRS. N. FOSTER. LESSEB.
BT CBCXLZ^ 11* F»U.ai»ve Van Noes ave. — The
toot of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
c! thod t-room apartment*, with private baths,
•team heat electric llght,elevator. gas ranges,
930. 92C. 937. 940. 945. 947J|0^950. 930.
A—ATTGtTimNB 845 POST; APARTMENTS:
FVRNI8HED AND UP TO DATE: PHONES
XXS ROOMS. PHONE PR. EX. 745.
BT. LOUIS, 1578 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms: turn, or anfurn. ; refs. TeL Ea*t 1350.
BOOMS TO LET— Karn. **"**. H"*"*"^.
HOTEL REX.
£12 TURK ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
PHONE PRIV. EX. 6C0.
NEW FIRE-PROOF BUILDINQ.
188 ROOMS: ELEGANTLY FUR-
NISHED SUNNY SUITS. WITH
PRIVATE BATH; ALSO SINGLE
ROOMS; THOROUGHLY MOI>-
ERN AND UP TO DATE; TELE-
PHONES IN ALL ROOMS: ELEC-
TRIC LIGHTS; STEAM HEAT.
ELEVATOR SERVICE DAT AND NIGHT.
(SPECIAL RATES TO TOURISTS
AND TRAVELING SALESMEN.
A^ THE AUDITORIUM HOTEU
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDT ST.
VO8T MODERN AND UP-TO-DATB HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 ROOMS; SS SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS; STEAM HEATED THROUGH- .
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERT ROOM: J
SUITES WITH BATH. 91 60 TO 92 50 PER
DAT; 6INGLE ROOMS, 75c to 91; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 104JL
C^ THE ST. KAHTRYN.
N. B. COR. ELLIS AND LEAVENWORTH.
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN CITY;
NEW HOUSE; FIRST CLASS;
JUST FURNISHED: HAIR MAT-
TRESSES IN EVERY ROOM; HOT
AND COLD WATER BATHS;
6TEAM HEAT. ELEVATOR SER-
VICE: EVERY MODERN CON-
VENIENCE; ROOMS 93 PER
WEEK UP.
ASHWORTH HOTEL.
«20 Mason et. bet. Geary and 0'FarrelL
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Juet completed; entire house
newly renovated; sun In rooms all day.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
25e to 91 per night. 91 25 to 95 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "Th« Almonte." S73 Market et. (or No. 1
Fifth st)— Rooms. 25c, 50c, 91. 91 50 night;
tl 60 to 910 week; house open all night.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
— Quiet, homelike; charges reas.; cars direct.
AVERT, 28. off Geary St., near Flllmore—
Sunny parlor in new flat; 98.
BURNETT. 142G Market told No. 1S64) — Fur-
nished rooms, suit*, elngle: also unfurnished.
BUSH. 324 — E!:i.>=r; nicely furnished rooms;
reasonable; central!}' located.
BUSH S06 — Alcove ar.d single room for gen-
tlemen with references (private family}.
EX'EH. 1103 — Sunny bay window alcove: run-
ning water; gas; bath, etc
BUSH, 1183— Nice sunny rooms, hot and cold
water; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 1001, upstairs — Nice large sun-
ny room for one or two gentlemen.
CLAY. 1103 — Furnished rocm to let^
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; pric«s reasonable.
EDDY. 116 — Nicely furnished front room and j
single room for gentlemen; reasonable. ;
EDDY. 216 — Nicely furnished large rooms and '
single; central location.
EDDT. S13 — Sunny front room for 2 gents; pn- I
vate family: all conveniences; close In; 912.
ELEVENTH. 21 — Elegant rooms, ' single or en
suite; furnished or unfurnished: references.
ELLIS 928 — Elegantly furnished rooms: sun.
electric lights, baths, steam beat, phone,
new; flat 4. elevatcr.
FILBERT. 1110H— Unfurnished sunny parlor;
gas and bath: rent 97.
FILLMORE. 1021 — Nicely furnished, sunny
double or single rooms; rent reasonable.
FOLEOM. 60S, cor. Second — Aurora — Nicely fur-
nished, sunny rooms; reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 229. near Hayes— SmaU side
room. 95 a month. j
FRANKLIN] 42sT ccr! Fulton— Furnished !
rooms. j
FULTON. 27 — Nicely furolsbed room for two J
gentlemen ; private family: references. 1
¦ I
GEARY. E27. opp. Et. Francis — A nice front
room to rent by Spanish speaking <amlly.
GEARY. 1419 — Nicely furnished rooms for rent.
GRAND Southern. ~th and Mission — Rooms 35c !
to (1 25 night; $1 SO to $6 wk. : reading-room, j
HAIGIIT. 515 — Furnished front room with
bath. 96. i
HARRISON. 82SB— Widow wishes first-class
dressmaker to room or board; would assist, j
HOTEL DUFFERIN. ~4» Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nished suites and single rooms.
HYDE, 727— Elegantly fumithed rooms, suit-
able for gentlemen, in private family.
HYDE. 810, near Futter— Large furnished
room: 97 a month.
HYDE place, 2 — Newly furnished rooms, suit- j
able for two.
JESSIE, 174 — Furnirtied rocma.
JESSIE, 263. east U. S. Mint— Furnished
room. 9": 2 beds, 910 per month.
JONES. 207 (Van Winkle)— Furnished sunny
mi.: suite or single: gents preferred; 92 up.
KEARNY. 34 — Front Eunny suites: also office
roome; housekeeping privileges if desired.
KEARNY. 2C4— Nicely furnished rooms; tin-
gle cr en suite.
L>AI'T will sublet rooms in her luxurious
apartment: every convenience. Cor. Post and 1
Jones. Box JC20. Call office. '
LILY ave., 308»4, near Laruna st. — Sunny j
front room for respectable working girl.
MARKET, 1004 — Third floor; nicely furnished
nan to l«"t; 91 25 a week.
MINNA, 32S — Furnished rooms, single or !
double. 91 up. ,
MISSION. 163&B — Nicest sunny rooms; bath; '
reasonable.
NEWLY furnished bathroom suite, ground floor :
front: also other sulrt-n and single rooms. '¦
THE DUFFERIN. 743 Ellis st.
NINTH. 1S7 — Large, front, sunny room, bay :
window, furnished. 1
NOE. 254. >4 block from Market st. — Large
sunny front room; newly furnished.
OCTAVIA,16.77 — Nicely furn!6hed sunny rooms; '
run. water. bath,phone;reas.;refs.exchanged. ¦
O'FARRELL. 332 — Nicely furnished parlors; i
eunny suite or single; light hskpg. if desired. I
O'FARRELL. 1164 — Elegant, newly furnished
rooms; front, side, rear; sunny; running ,
water; references exchanged.
O'FARRELL, 102©^ — Larre 2-wlndow rooms,
suitable for two; .strictly private family;
price (9.
PAGE. 278 — Two or more convenient sunny
rooms; bath.
POST, 889. near Hyde— Large furnished front 1
rocm: bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents. 1
POST. 1416 — Sunny, nicely furnished room,
with closet. 98.
POWELI* 216 — The Crescent, bet. CFarrell
and Geary; sunny furnished rooms. 92 wk. up.
— — * i
POWELL. 606— Nice sunny rooms. j
POWELL. 706 — Two nice connecting front '
rooms; sunny; all modern conveniences; reas. '
POWELL, 1005 (The Virginia)— A snap: ele- i
rant front suite; partly furnished; marine ,
view; running water. ,
ROYAL House, 1 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
readlBg-roonv smoking-room and ladles' par- |
lor: rooms cer nlrht. S5c to 91 60; week. 92 j
to 98: month. 98 to 930; elevator on grountf-s
door: rooms with hot and cold water: baths, j
EIXTTI, 820— Large sunny room: suitable for i
two gentlemen; with or without board. ;
SIXTEENTH. 2936 — S unfurnished sunny cor- \
per rooms; connecting; gas and bath; 913 50. ;
STEVENSON, 257 — Llgfct rooms 91 week"; '
hekpg. corcple. 91 75; parlcr. your own price.
EUTTER, 861 (Larchmcnt)— Nice furnished
rm»; central, convenient, modern, reasonable. ;
BUTTER, C14 (Westminster)— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny bay-window suites of rooms.
BUTTER, 1618 — From 3 until 6; sunny unfur-
1 Bishea bousekeeplss rooms; ffreat reduction.
HOOMS TO LET — Forn. and Cnfnrs.
TAYLOR, 624, cor. Butter — Sunny bay-window
front room: suitable for two: 112.
TAYLOR, 615B— Large front alcor» pexlorj
i suitable 2: $12; gas; bath.
THS FALMOUTH. 1049A Market st.— Sunny
rooms; hot aad cold water; elevator; 92 to 97.
THIRD, 70 — Furnished rooms. .
T^iiKD, 87 — Furnished room*.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms 35c to 91 night, 91 75 to 96 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator, read.-room; free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to 91 60 night: $2 to 98 week: elevator;
elec, lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF Hcuse, 202 Sixth St.— Rooms from 15o
to 91 per night snd from WVs to 95 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BOOMS A3TP BOABP.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILT HOTEL, BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQUIPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
I 1018 VAN NESS. COR. GEARY.
J APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDELE. MANAGER.
HOTEL HATTON. 877 Pine — New modern
suites and slngla; special Inducements to
tourists and country visitors; convenient to
theaters and trade center; reasonable.
AUDUBON HOUSE; 1105 Hyde st, cor. Call-
forn'a— Pleasant suites now vacant; with,
board; summer prices.
BRADBURY HOTEL. 1604 California st.
TABLE UNEXCELLED; REASONABLE.
SPECIAL RATES FOR THE SUMMER.
GOLDEN* GATE 1031. near Jefferson Park-
Newly furnished rooms; bath; private family;
good board. 920 and t23; two. 932 and $35.
LEAVENWORTH. 1023— Extra large sunny
room, with board; bath, phone; 2, 8 or 4
gentlemen.
BEAUTIFUL sunny rooms.exeellent home cook-
ing. 920 per mo.; 2 meals, 918; gentlemen.
1120 Gough st. _____
BUNNY room and flr«t-class board for respect-
able young man: private family. 666 Her-
mann st.. bet. Fillmore and Steiner.
VAX NESS. 2511 — Nicely furnished rooms;
running water, bath and phone; breakfast
and dinner If desired.
BREAKFAST and dinner with room. 920 mo.;
flm-class home cooking. 1254 Eddy st.
BRODERICK. 447 — Sunny front room, with,
braikfaFt If desired.
BUSH, 709 — Nicely furnished rooms, with ta-
ble board; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 112S, opp. Jefferson Pk. — Nicely fur.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new mang't.
ELLIS. 453— Fine rooms, with first-class table
board; location central and convenient.
GEART. &01, Hotel L* Alglon — Family rooms
and board; entirely renovated; reas. prices.
HOTEL STEWART. 1101 Pine — Large sunny
single rooms; also email suite.
JOHNSTON (The). Gf5 O' Farrell st. — Sunny
room*, with board; beautiful grounds; refs.
LAGUNA. 1123 — Furnished rooms with board.
SIXTH St., 400% — Rooms and board; home
cooking; gas. bath, telephone.
THE CROCKER. Pine and Leavenworth ets. —
largo sunny suite; also single room.
THIRTEENTH. 17? — Furnished rooms with or
without board.
TURK. 822 — Sunny rooms .and good board;
reasonable.
VAN NESS ave., 407— Board and room for
two.
VALENCIA. 6S0 — Furnished rooms with cr
without board.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
WANTED— ONE OR TWO ROOMS, WITH
PARTIAL BOARD, FOR MAN AND WIFE;
MILL VALLEY OR ROSS VALLEY. BOX
2157. CALL OFFICE.
MECHANIC wants sunny room . and board
(two meals a day) west of Hyde and north
of Green; state terms; references exchanged.
Box 1011. Call office.
ST. LOUIS BOABDIITP A1TD ROOMS.
STOP with a Califcmian while in St. Louis
and be treated like home folks; beet accom-
modations; write ahead. G. B., 766 Aubert
ct.. St. Louis.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st . nr. Third; phone Grant 16L
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
Neee; office 1170 Market, r. 43; teLSoutb 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flee Post and Fowell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 37L
CON'KLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West fctorage; advances made. 840
Mission ct. : tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore Et. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Stcage Co.. 11 Montgomery
«t.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STITTERIX G AXD STAMMERING.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness & Market,
is taught celebrated Melbourne system ; only
Melbourne in 17. S.; private; established 3
years In S. F." TeL Mint 2626 from 1 to B p.m.
MAItRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Maurice S. Kramer, 33, 1658 O'Farrell street,
and Leah A. Davis. 30, 1CC8 O'Farrell street.
George Zuhlke 43, 987 Harrison street, and
Katie Etrand. 44, 4U7 Tehama street.
Harry J. Gray, 39, city, and Elizabeth A.
Gorden. 21. city.
: Charlie H. Butner, 21, Hilton, and Gertrude
: Longmore, 21, Hilton.
, F. Xavier Pafiquallnl, 36, 119 Fourth street,
i and A. Ottilie Bittel. 32, 119 Fourth street.
William L. McGuire 31, Hanford, and May-
! bell Agee, 21, Stockton.
Thomas R. Sykes. 21. 110 Hyde street, and
Benlcla Bell, 21 110 Tennessee street.
I Phillip Shatrter. 22. 1V2 Fourteenth street
and Bertha Rolinawitz, 19, 4ie Fifth street. *
Louis C. Roes, 27, city, and Josephine A.
! Dugan. 21, city. .
; John P. McDonell. 20, . Eebastopol, and Ivy
: M. Sullivan. 22. Sebastopol.
I John J. O'Connor, 21. 332 Twenty-second
I ave., and Ella Collins, 21. 1218 Buchanan st.
i Wilhelm Muller, 21. 956 Harrison street,
and Enriquetta M. Sanchez, 20, 1124 Harrison.
Albert G. Thlel. 28. 1218 Kearny street, and
| Emma Stamer, 2?, 418 Fqlsom street.
Aaron W. Watts 21. C20 Turk street, and
' Luella M. Purdle. 18, 1271 Turk street.
I Arthur I. Franklin. 21, 621A Shotwell street,
and Lena Hall, 18, 15 Lapldge street.
Henry G. Bullwinkel, 38, 603 Polk St.. and
I 'Wilhelmlne H. Schumacher, .31, 12 De Boom.
Fred C. Koerber 21, Oakland, and Sarah
E. Cook, 21, Oakland. |
EIBTHS-MAREMES-DEAm
Birth, man-lar* and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In nt either of the publication offices and be
¦ Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
i eons authorized to have the same published.
! Notices restricted simply to. the announcement
1 of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BOKS.
BLIGHT— In this city, June 12, 1904, to the
: wife of T. J. Blight Jr., a son.
BRANDON— In this city, June 15. 1904, to
I the wife of /Mark F. Brandon, a son.
i CLARK— In this city. May 31, 1904,, to the
wife of William C. Clark, a son.
i COURTNEY— In this city. June 18. 1904, to
, the wife of J. D. Courtney, a son.
I DE GUERRE— In this city. June 6, 1904, to
• the wife of Wade H. de Guerre, a eon.
DULFER— In this city, June C. 1904, to the
i wife of F. W. Dulfer, a sen.
VDYKES— In this city. June 11. 1904, to the
I wife ot John Dykes, a son. /
i HENRY— In this city, June 8, 1904, to the
\ wife of W. E. Henry, a eon.
I KENNY— In this city. June 9. 1904. to the
.' wife of Edward T. Kenny, a daughter.
; McILVAINE— In this city, June 18. 1904, to
i the wife of W. K. Mcllvalne. a son.
POOLE— In this city. June 7. 1904. to the wife
of Edward N. Poole, a daughter.
BNEDEKER— In this city, June 8. 1904, to
the wife of Robert Snedeker, a daughter.
TESSIEN — In this city, June 14, 1904, to the
wife of Rudolph A. Tesslen. a daughter.
VAN EOMEREN— In this city, June 12, 1904
to the wife of the late Harry Van Someren^
a ecu
WOLTERS— In this city. June 14, 1804, to
the wife of F. W. Wolters, a son.
WEICHHART— In this city. May 88. l»0«, to
the wife of William B. Welchhart. a son.
YOUNG— In this city, June 10, 1804, to the
wife of Joseph C. , Young, a son.
MARRIED.
BAILLY— OROEZINOER— In thto etty. Xune
8 1904, by the Rev. J. Fuendollng. Claude
William Bailly and Lillie Oroeilnger.
BAKER— BARKER— In this city, June IB,
1804. by the Rev. F. Ford. Charleg K. Baker
of San Francisco aad Frances L. Barker of
Oakland.
BENSEN— BACON— In this oity. June 16,
1904. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, George E.
Bensen and Elsie J. Bacon of Alameda, Cal.
BERIRO— RIDDICK— In this city. May 12,
1904, by the Rev. Bradford Leavitt Jacob
6. Berlro of London and Kathrlne Rlddick
of New Zealand.
BUTLER— PACKHAM— At the Church of the
Advent, in this city. June 8. 1904. by the
Rev. H. Parrish. Ralph Morris Butler of
Napa and Elizabeth Amy Packham of San
Francisco..
NAVIES— ANDERSON— In this city, June 1«,
1904. W. H. Davles and Carrie J. Anderson,
both of San Francisco.
DE ft rS AN 2P s — WCKE— In this city, June 11.
l»04. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. John
Thomas de Santos and Amelia Rlcke.
DORWIN— WEBB— In this city, June 16. 1004.
by the Rev. George W. White pastor Central
Church Frank R. C. Dorwln and Kathleen
A. Webb, both of this city.
ENGLISH— DUNCAN— In this city. June 15.
1904. by the Rev. James McDonald George
Edward English and Sarah Halliday Dun-
can, both of this city.
ALPERS— In this eity. June 18. 1904.
y -^ e Rev> J - Fuendeling, Hermann Flck
and Anna Alpers.
JEWETT— STEERS— In this city, June 13.
1904. by Justice of the Peace Van Nostrand.
Captain D. G. Jewett of Healdsburg and
Clara E. Steers of San Francisco.
KERSCH— TYBONE— In this city. Jun. 16.
y j, «? Eev A. J - Fuendellng, John Kersch
and Minnie W. Tybone.
McGINN-GARRETT— In this city. June 4,
1904, at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev!
arst'c "^ EuKen » McGinn and Mar-
1904. Samuel D. Palmer and Edith Guilbert.
RI 1 ? H i AR ?^7 M F RRAT — In tnI " cIt r. Ju ne IB,
v ?% at « BC Maryf " Cath edrat, *>/ the Rev! ,
fn^ m S, 1 "^ 1 **^- WUIlam Affred Richards
and Mary E. Murray, both of San Fran- '
CISCO.
vr^'ftJ „**" ?%• J - Fuelling.' Frederick
Ca'l V * Cnurcn ot Sonoma.
6I^«'f? : ?o7 MC K OR^ TDER - In Oakland. Cal..
June 18. 1904, by Deputy County Assessor W.
\r..i a ,2 »? Mark, Andrew B..Simonson and
Mary O. McGruder, both of San Francisco.
T^£ NA K T "~u MUBT - In thli c "y' "Juno «.
1904. by the Rev. Father Tobln, Elmer F.
Tennant and Catharine B. Muby. both of
San Francisco.
v^% *?£ the . Rev - J - Fuendellng. Adolph E.
E. Wolff and Martha E. A. Henoch.
DIED.
Arata. Roaa Hughes. William M.
Arendt. Edward Kinsello Catherine
Augustus. Caroline Kirk. Michael
Bass, Ellen Meehan. John
Baum. Anna S, Michell, William F.
Burns. John C. Mitchell. James F.
Cohn, Simon Moody John
Cole, Jennie Morris," Peter
Cooney Mary A. RUey. John
Daly. Roy shea. James
Eisele. Fritz Sommer. Edna Y.
Erickson. Frederick Stirling. Nellie Alice
Flack. Catherine Thompson Wm. G.
Heineman, Recha Townsend.' Alice M.
Hetzer, Katherine
ARATA— In this city. June 18, 1904, Roea
Arata, beloved wife of the late Joseph
Arata, and mother of Lulgl and Paolo Arata
Mrs. Maria Leveronl and Luigia Arata. a
native of Orero, Italy, aged 89 years 2
months and 8 days.
C7"FYIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 619% Chestnut street, near Mason.
Interment Holy Croes Cemetery.
ARENDT— In this city, June 17, 1904, Edward
Arendt, beloved husband of the late Caroline
Arendt. and father of Mrs. Frank Zlmmer-
mann of Monterey City and Caroline Arendt,
a native of Berlin, Germany, aged 76
years 5 months and 20 days. A member of
Germanla Lodge No. 116. I. O. O. F., and
Walhalla Encampment No. 7, I. O. O. F.
C7Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Odd Fellows*
Hall, corner of Seventh and Market
streets, where services will be held under the
auspices of Germanla Lodge No. 116, I. O.
O. F. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets. Remains at the funeral
parlors of the H. F. Maass Company, 817
Mission street.
AUGUSTUS — In Oakland, June 17, 1904. Caro-
' line, beloved wife of the late Domingo
Augustus, and mother of Mrs. Mary E.
Fratus, Mm. F. Ambrose. Mrs. C. Rogers
and Mrs. E. Marks, a native of Azores, aged
69 years 10 months and 9 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atend the funeral Monday,
June 20, at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1211 Eighteenth avenue, thence to St.
Anthony's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. Pleasa omit
flowers.
BASS— In Auburn. Cal., June 17. 1004. Ellen,
dearly beloved wife of the late Thomas J.
Bass, and mother of lira. L. Miller and
Edith. Charles J. and Thomas Bats.
C7Interment private. Pleaee omit flowers.
BAUM— In this city. June 16. 1904. Anna S.
beloved wife of Otto H. Baum. a native ot
Densburen, Switzerland, aged 43 years 9
months and 19 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of |
the United Uudertakers. SC6 Mission street I
between Fourth and Fifth, where services
will be held. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
ter*-.
BURNS— In Yountvlile. Cal., June 14. 1904,
John C. Burns, a native of New York, aged
78 years.
ICT Friends and members of Sotoyume
Tribe No. 12. I. O. R. M., are requested to i
attend the funeral Sunday, June 19, at 1:30 j
o'clock, frcm Red Men's Hall, 320 Post ;
street. Remains at the parlors of J. S. Go-
deau. 305 Montgomery avenue. Interment
National Cemetery.
COHN— In this city, June 17, 1904, Simon,
beloved brother of Jake Cohn of Susanvllle,
Elias Cohn of Guatemala and Mrs. Rosle
Jacobs of Germany, a native of Germany,
aged 64 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate
avenue, Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, via the 8:30 p. m. train from the Third
and Townsend streets depot.
COLE — In Tucson, Ariz., June 10, 1904, Jennie,
wife of C. M. Cole, loving mother of Myrtle
Cole and Mrs.'F. W. Mozier, beloved daugh-
ter of Mr. and Mrs. John Bright of Cam-
bria. Cal., and sister of W. H. and J. S.
Bright of Cambria, J. A. Bright of San
Francisco, George and C. K. Bright of Cam-
bria, and Mrs. Al Dake of Wisconsin, a na-
tive of Wisconsin, aged 47 years.
COONEY— In this city. June 18 1904, Mary
A., beloved wife of Edmond Cooney, a native
of Callen. County Kilkenny, Ireland.
DALY— In this city, June 18, 1904, Roy dearly
beloved and only son of R. 8. and* Louise
Daly, and brother of Ethel Daly, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years 10 months and
10 days.
Cygervlces will be held to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at the residence of
his parents. 414 Third avenue, corner Point
Lobos, Richmond District. Interment pri-
vate. Kindly omit flowers.
EISELE — In Fresno, Cal., June 17, 1904, Frltr
Eisele. beloved husband of Minnie Eisele, ',
and father of Emma. Minnie and Freda
" Eisele, a native of Wurtemburg, Germany,
aged 44 years. •
ERICKSON— In this city, June 18, 1904, Fred-
erick G. Erickson. son of William F. and
Lillie Erickson, a native of San Francisco,:
aged 5 months and 1 day.
FLACK— In this city, June 17, 1804, Catherine,
beloved wife of the late Samuel Flack de-
voted mother of Martin F. Gallagher Mrs.
J. J. McCarthy, and WUliam J. Catherine
A. (Layton) and Belle M. Flack, loving sis-
ter-in-law of John Layton. and dearly be-
loved sister of the late Jane T. Layton, a
o — — ' — - — : — — «
AX.& FX.ORXSTS CLOSE ATI
P. M. STHTDAT TO OIVE THEIR
I EMPLOYES A HALF HOLIDAY.
O ' ¦ -Q
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mct.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers — ~
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at 860 MISSION. ,TeL South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth., near Fifth at. i
Finest Equipments at Moderate rates.
¦ James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly . With McGinn Bros., V--: v .-'
—Funeral Directors snd Embalmers—
214 Eddy st.: Tel. South 676.
F. J. Monahan, Manager. ¦ TeL Mission 81.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2333-2341 Mission st.. near Nineteenth,
ton Francisco, j
native of: New York City. N. T., aged 68
years 6 months and 2 days. (New YorK
papers pleasa copy.) -
tCTFrlends and acquaintance* ax* respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8r50 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 236 U Eleventh street," theno* to BL
Joseph's Church. Tenth street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be oelebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HEINEMAN— In this city. June 16. 1904.
Recha Heineman. relict of H. B. Helneman.
and beloved mother of Jaeo», JoeeDh ±i..
Leon and Bertha Heineman, » native of
Barchf eld. Prussia, aged 77 years 3 months
and 5 days. > i
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1706 Baker street. Interment Salem
• Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 11
o'clock.
HETZER— In this city. June 18. 1904, .Kath-
erlne Hetzer beloved mother of Henry A.,
Lena and Frieda Hetzer.' a native of Ger-
many, aged 64 years 11 months and 22 dayn.
ETRemains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-flrst. Funeral
and Interment private.
HUGHES— In this city, June 18, 1904. Wil-
liam M., beloved husband of Mary A.
Hughes, father of Genevieve C. Hughes, and i
brother of Mrs. W. J. Certln of Vallejo and I
Mr* J. \V. Decker a native of Ireland, aged I
44 years 2. months and 2 days. A member
of San Francisco Council No. 7, Y. M. I.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully-invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate
¦ avenue, thence to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth
street, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
San Francisco Council No. 7, Young Men's
Institute — The officers and members of S. F.
C. No. 7. Y. M. I., are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late brother, Wil-
liam Hughes, from Porter & White's Un-
dertaking Parlors. 423 Golden • Gate avenue.
Monday, June 20 at 9:15 o'clock, sharp. By
order of M. T. REILLY, President.
GEORGE M. KELLY. Secretary.
KTNSELLO— In this city. June 18. 1904. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of John Klnsello. daugh-
ter of Michael and the late Mary Treacy,
¦ and sister of Mrs. J. Donnelly, and Martin.
John. Edward and Richard Treacy, a native
of San Francisco, aged 18 years 0 months
and 16 day a.
KIRK— An anniversary requiem high mass for
the repose of the soul of the late Michael
Kirk will be celebrated at St. Dominic's i
Church. Bush and Steiner streets, on Tues- I
day, June 21, at 9:30 o'clock. Friends are
invited to attend.
MEEHAN— In the City and County Hospital,
June 18, 1904. John Meehan, a native of Ire-
land,' aged 63* years.
MICHELL— In this city, June 17, 1904. Wil-
liam F. Michell, dearly beloved husband of
Annie Michell, a native of Germany, aged
65 years 8 months and SO days. (Wisconsin
and Galena, 111., papers pleas* copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), June 19, at 1 o'clock, from his |
late residence. 38 Chenery street, thence to i
Masonic Temole, corner Poet and Mont-
gomery streets, where services will be held, j
commencing at 2 o'clock. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
MITCHELL— In Tucson. Aria.. James F., be-
loved son of Thomas and the late Mary
Mitchell, a native of San Francisco.
MOODY— In the City and County Hospital.
June 17, 1904. John Moody, a native of
England, aged 67 years.
MORRIS— In this city. June 18, 1904. Peter
Morris, beloved brother of FrisclUa Eliza-
beth Low and Nathaniel and Walter Morris,
a native of San Francisco, aged 44 years.
RILEY— In this city, June IS. 1004, John
RUey. a native of England, aged 66 years.
EHEA— In this city. June 17. 1904, James, be-
loved son of Annie and the late James Shea,
a native of San Francisco.
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1375 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
Holy Cross Church. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
SOMMER— In this city. June 18, 1904, Edna
Yrene Sommer. dearly beloved daughter of
Peter H. and Frlda Sommer,- and sister of
Annie Rudolph. Peter H. Jr., Frlda and
Elsie 'Sommer. a native of San Francisco,
aged 13 years 8 months and 15 days.
STIRLING— In Oakland. Cal.. June 18. 1904,
at the residence of her daughter. Nellie Alice,
dearly beloved mother of William F. Stir-
ling and Mrs. H. W. Roeasner. a native of
Boston, Maea.
THOMPSON— In Los Gatos, Cal., June 17,
1904, William G., beloved son of Fanny and
the late William H. Thompson, and brother
of P. R. H. G. and F. C. Thompson, a na-
tive of West Virginia, aged 24 years o
months and 22 days. *
(EJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 046 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress iawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train Third and Townsend
streets. '
TOWNSEND— In this city, June 18. 1904. Alice
May Towneend. dearly beloved daughter of
William and Laurenia Toothaker, and sister
Of Ethel M. Toothaker, a native of San
Francisco, aged 34 years.
CARD OF THANKS.
The relatives of the late Jacob Wolfrom
extend sincere thanks to his many friends
for their kind expressions of sympathy.New York Money Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The Tonopah Mining- stocks were the active
stocks during the past week, and business yea.
terday was very. large, at rising quotations a*
a rule. The other stocks continued quiet and
featureless, and there was hardly anything
CHICAGO. June 18. — Practically perfect I
weather conditions for the' maturing and har
vesting of wheat caused weakness ,Jn the mar
ket for that cereal to-day, but covering by
shorts resulted In a recovery. Final figures for j
July werti unchanged- from yesterday's close. '
Future Grain and Provisions.
STOCK MARKET.
Cliicago Board of Trade.
NEW YORK. June IS.— COTTON— Futurts
opened strong; June. lO.COc; July 11.18c; Au-
Kust. 10.08c; September, 0.92c; October, 9.6Cc;
November. 9.55c; December, 9.55c; January.
JM!0e. Cloned eteady. ¦ June, 10.87c; July.
10.ft7c; AuBUht 10.60c;' September, 9.89c; Oc
tober. 9.C2c; November. 9.6Cc: December
D.COc; January. 0.63c. Spot closed quiet. Mid
dling uplands. 11.70c; middling Gulf, 11.95c.
Sales, 315 bales.
New York Cotton Market.
Flour, qr sks '.. 10.99SI Potatoes. »k» .. 360
Wheat. CUs .... 4.UO2IBran. sks 523
Oats, ctl* 4301 Chops, sks 2,500
Flour, qr *ks .. 12.4.10] Wool, bales ... 179
Wheat ctls .... 631 Shorts . ska .... 113
Barley, ctls .... 2.1721 ! Screenings, sks.. 200
Potatoes, sks .. 2.39SI Tallow, ctls ... 220
Onions, sks ... 1.0031 Leather, rolls .. 60
Bran, sks ..... l«0! Pelts. Ne 20
Middlings, sks.. 320! Hides. No 147
Hay. ton* ...~r. 523! Quicksilver, flfcs. 7
Straw, tons ... 10|Wine. gals .... 59,600
OREGON.
FOR SATURDAY. JUNE- 1«.
Receipts of Produce.
Aside from the usual narrow fluctuations
there was no particular change In rates. /
The local Mint will shortly close down for
the regular annual clean-up and settlement.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchance, sixty days... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — .4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 ss-> t
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars 45 @ —
INTERNATIONAL. ,
New York on Mexico' 216
Berlin on London ....20.40%
Paris on London 25.21
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were hlKher and
Liverpool! reported a better spot demand on
unexpected small shipments, unfavorable crop
reports from Argentina and Russia and a great
storm in Spain, which was reported to be do
ing much damage to crops.
Chicago was qulft and feitureletis and the
Ran Frdnclsco market was likewise dull and
uninteresting.
The Chicago letter of Mitchell. Mulcahy &
Co. said: "Liverpool was %d higher on small
world's shipments and the dry In
Southeastern Europe and . Argentina. This
caused some strength here and some covering
of shortB. It was neutralized, however, by
tho continued fine weather, fine crop reports
and very poor flour and cuieh demand. The
cash wheat situation still has .a declining ten
dency and the movement of the new crop is
Ketting nearer day by day. With good weather
In this country, the initiative of an advance
must, we think, come from abroad. European
Bupplles are very plentiful and it will take
Komething rather drastic In the way of a crop
outlook to sustain tin advance In the market
there. Some decrease In the visible supply is
expected, but It will not be likely to be more
than a year ago."
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, *1 27%@1 35; California i
White Australian. $1 C2%®1 57%; Northern
Trade In the fruit market was unusually act
ive, as In addition to the usual extra demand
for Sunday requirements there was a steady
Inquiry for shipment to Puget Sound ports on
the steamer leaving to-day. Cherries continued
firm and ofOrlnrn In small boxea were wanted
for shipment and readily commanded higher
prices. -Well colored lots of new crop Apples,
Peaches. Plums, Apricots and other early de
ciduous -wfrulta were also wanted for export,
and suc&Ftock cleaned up well at good figures,
but ordinary offerings dragged, at unsteady
rates. Fics were ' In free supply . and easier,
and, -Seedless Grapes were easy at $1^123 per
crate, j Strawberries were in good . request and
firmer, and Blackberries were steady, but
everything else in the berry line, particularly
Loganberries, . were plentiful and weaker. A
car of Cantaloupes came in from the Coachella
Volley and sold- off well at steady prices. A
car of Watermelons arrived from the eame sec
tion. 'The melons varied - greatly . in size and
the consignees eatablished a flat rate of 2%o
per pound for all sizes. • This was somewhat
of a departure from the usual way of nelltng
Melons but the trade seemed to take kindly
to lt and purchased freely.
Prices of Citrus fruits ware without quotable
change. A steamer arrived late In th« day
with fresh supplies of Mexlcsji Limes.
STRAWBERRIES— $*tF7 per chest for Long,
worths and $2 50<ft0 for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— ?2®3 per chest for red
and $2 COiBS 50 for black." '•
ULACKUEKRIES-*- $iW8 per chest; crates.
60c. ¦
. RASPBERRIES— $4©R per chest; erstea from
Newcastle. 00©75c; from Fresno. $150.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK, June IB. — Local- metals were
generally dull and featureless, with the tone
heavy in the absence of news. There Is fair
Inquiry for lead and spelter and the tone of
thru- rnatkets is steady
Copper quiet: lake. $12 62%612 75; electro
lytic, $12 50^12 62%; casting, $12 12%@12 25
Tin. $25 87%.
Lead. $4 20tf?4 30. ' .>•
Spelter. $4 75C4 85.
Iron, unchanged; warrants, $9.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. June IS. — Total Imports of
dry goods at this port for the week ending to
day were $11,232,045.
Exports of trpeoie from New Tork for the
week were $630,833.
Imports of sjieele at New York during the
week were $267,275 ' gold and $18,861 silver.
New York Drv Goods.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.'
(I20th Meridian — Pacific Time.) -
SAN FRANCISCO. June 18 — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
p*ratur*» are reported for the preceding day
trvta Lastern cities:
Borton «S-M|Washlngtoa 74-53
New Orleans 74-C2lSt. Louis R2-70
Cincinnati SO-ONew York 74-«2
PhUadolphia 7C-Gi;JacksonvilIe 82-C8
THE COAST RfcCORD.
I 32=3 <| 8' €
•TATiOr.-S. 2- |§«f r| trft {•
•« t^~ 3 tt •« £
'. ir^e • • §
: ? ? : : . :
Btker 30.22 02 53 N Pt.Cldy .00
C*rson 23.04 78 44 W Pt.Cidy .00
Eureka :.'».3O WS 50 *t Clear .04
F.e*n? 2».»4 30 M NW Clear .00
S. K F»rallan-30.H» M M NW Clear .CO
Fifceitaff 29. M SO 42 SW Clear .00
Potttello 2».S»i K2 54 SW Clear .00
li-cfjWiderire .29.72 00 T,$ SE Pt.Cldy .00
I»s Angeles -.29.90 £4 54 W Clear .O0
Kt Tamalpcis.30.10 fS 4S N Clear .00
Ncrth Head ..30.48 54 50 NW Cloudy .12
Phoenix 2"».7O 1<VS TO W Clear .00
Point lteyes ..SO. 05 55 4» NW Clear .00,
Portland 30.42 02 C2 NW Cloudy .02
RM muff 29. ffi fS C2 X Clear .00
n.srl-urn 10. 3« GO 48 N Clear .00
SsTam^rito ..2».«* SO f«4 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Bait Lake 29. S4 BO «0 NW Clear .00
Ban Kr*ncisco.3'>.Jfi «4 ISO W Clear .00
8 L. OMkpo. .30.02 72 B0 W* Clear .00
Ban I)!eso ...r».V« 74 00 NW Clear .00
Si.-: tie 30.42 CO C2 S Cloudy .83
Fpokane 30.16 70 58 SW Cloudy .28
Totnosh »>.44 R0 50 SW Cloudy .42
WaJla Walla ..30.22 72 54 04
Trirncniucca ..2».94 SO R4 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Yuirj 29.70 10C «» SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GUNEP.AL
FORECAST.
The rris«ure continue* high over the north
err. he!f of the Pacific Slope. Light rains are
ironed at stations in Washington and North
wii (JK.on.
It it much cooler over Idaho, Oregon ar.d
Viti-h'-nrion.
In California the temrrratur** are about
normal and pleanar.t weather prevails.
A thunder rtonn Is reported at HI Pa*o.
The following high winds have occurred:
rut'ka. 24 mile*, north; K>E. Farallon. 30.
northwest; North Head, 30. northwest, and
gprtkan*-. 30. •Tuthweet.
Forecarl n-.ade at San Francisco for thirty
h-iTf endinir tr.Mnifht, June 19:
r;r.rth«?m California— Fair: warmer Sunday;
fresh northerly winds In the Interior; light
w^rterly winds on the coast.
8<>utiii-rn California— Fair Sunday; fresb
northwest winfis.
Nevada — Fair Sunday. '*-
Sin Francisco and vicinity — Fair, warmer
Sunday; light north winds, chaafrin? to brisk
wecteriy. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
NEW YORK. June 18. — The statement of
averages of the Clearing-House banks of this
city for the week shows: Loans, $l,04U,f;S9,S0O:
incresse, $7.K>(i.50<>. Dr>o«lt8. $1,122,012,500;
Increase. $12,781,300. Circulation, 138,752,800;
Increase, $064,800. Legal tenders, $8.1,088,700;
Increase. Jl, 779.000. Specie, $236,360,300; In
crease. 5t.728.S0O. Reserves. $319,373,000: In
crease, $8,502,800. Reserve required, $280,
503.125; Increase. $3,105,325. Surplus. $38 -
869,875: Increase, $3,307,475. Ex-United States
deposits. $44,725,050; increase, $3,321,700.
Weekly Bank Statement.
CHEESE— R%c for choice new and 7@7%c
for lower grades; Young Americas. 9@9%c;
Eastern, 12%@14c; Western, ll®12o per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 20®2.'ic tor fair to choice;
store. 16@19c; Eastern, 19®20c for firsts and
16%®18c for seconds.
The week closed quietly, with no price
changes worthy of note. Receipts of Butter
would have been much larger, but several
steamers from the north were delayed. Their
shipments will come on Monday's market.
Cheese was steady and slowly cleaning up aa
to choice grades, while the cheaper qualities
were still plentiful and dragging.
Fine ranch Eggs are steady enough, but all
medium and lower grade Eggs are more or less
weak, owing to the active competition they
are meeting from Eastern Eggs, receipts of
which have been very heavy of late. There
are plenty of Eggs on the market.
Receipts were 52.600 lbs Butter. 1259 cases
Eggs and 4900 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 18%®19o
for extras and 17%®ISe for firsts; dairy, 16®
17%c; store Butter. l.'!S'13c; cold storage, nom
inal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnlnr Com
pany quotes as follow*, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.95c:
Powdered. 5.80c; Candy Granulated. 5.S0c; Dry
Granulated, Sne. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6.70c; Fruit Granulated. 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bugs only). 5.60c: Confectioners'
A. 5.70c: Magnolia A. 5.30c; Extra C, 5.20c;
Golden C. 5.10c; "D." 5c; barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 25c more; boxea. 50c more; RO-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.20c: boxes. ».45c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominos, 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-live barrels or its equivalent.
.RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7M.9
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7V4®7%e. according
to quantity.
' COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. in bulk,
13%c: Pearl Otl. in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c: Elaine. 26c;
Eocene 23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, ia
bulk. 16c: in cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; In cases, 19%c*. SG-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 25c: In cases 31c.
• TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon in cases and
75c In drums and iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags. &V*c; Ban Quentin.
$5 40; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine.
76Sc.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; New Welling
ton. $S; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50: Bearer
Hill. $5 50; Stanford, $7; Rosryn. $7; Coos
Bay. $3 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 60; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14:
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $3 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50013
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun.
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor OH, In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 lOtn 12: Lucol. 43c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 62%@S0c per gal
lon; Cocoanut Oil In barrels. 38c tor Ceylon and
65c for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 6Sc; natural winter Sperm Oil. 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 67c: natural Whale
Oil, 52c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 73o;
No. 1 Lard Oil, 63c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. G3c: light Herring OIL
42c: dark Herring OH. 40c; Salmon Oil. 31c:
boiled Fish 'OH. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 33c; boiled
Paint Oil. 3%; raw Paint Oil. 31c
General Merchandise.
Poultry closed the week with the , market
practically bare of young chickens, but there
were a great many coops of Callfornlan Hens
still on hand, which could not be sold, even at
concessions. Receipts of that description from
domestic sources were liberal, and 4 cars of
Western were marketed during the week. An
other car came in yesterday and was held over
for Monday's market.
. POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14®15o per lb:
Geeae. per pair, $1 25^1 50; Goslings. $1 50@>
1 75; Durks, $4@4 50 per dosen for old and
$4 60®3 50 for young; Hens, $5 6CXU6 for
large and $4@S for small; young Roosters,
$7 50#9; old Rooster*, $4 50®5; Fryers, $5 50®
6 50: Broilers. $3@4 for large and $2 23g2 50
for small: Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 .">(:«( 1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 60 per dozen; Rabbits.
$1 75@2 for Cottontails and $1 per dozen for
brush.
Poultry and. Game.
LIVERPOOL. /
Wheat — Julv. Sept.
Opening 6 2% 0 ::
Closing 6 2J4 6 3
PARIS.
Wheat — June. Sept/-Dec.
Opening 20 10 /CO 10
Closing 20 10 / 20 15
Flour —
Opening 27 45 27 45
Closing 27 43 27 40
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. June 18.— Clearings, $677,966;
balances. ?17G.1S*. ,
TACOMA. Juno 18.— Clearings, $259,144;
balancer. $05,119. .
PORTLAND. June 18.— Clearings. 5416,476;
balances, $f»4,501. .
SPOKANE. June IS.— C'eaTtr.KS, $314,171;
balances, $23,910.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, June IS.— Wheat— Walla Wai
la, 69c; bluestem, 77c: valley, 78c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jun< 18. — Wheat, unchanged;
bluestem, 79c; cluB, 70c.
¦ :- * ' ,
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, June 18. — Wool, steady; average
grades clothing and combing, 18@23V4c; light
fine, 15@18c; heavy fine, 12$15c; tub washed,
21(&32%c. \
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 18.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances 'shows:
Available cash balance. $164,785,338; gold,
$64,6«3,877. " .
Foreign Futures.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending at 6 p m.,
120th meridian time, San Francisco, June
18. 1934: l!>
|J||»B % o q
STATIONS, g I p I o S
•? f U 1 1 1
• . as ¦ 1 I
Cloverdale 52 ... Clear
Olusa 84 37 ... Clear
Eureka 58 50 ... Cloudy N .18
Kresno 90 60 Clear NW ...
I Hanford 95 53 ... Clear
HoiMster 79 41 ... Clear
1 JrdepenJence .00 58 ... deer SB .12
King City M 4S ... Clear N St.
Llvermore SO 52 ... Clear
Los Angeles... 84 54 ... deaf N
Merced SI 44 ... Clear
Napa 80 50 ... Clear S
Newman 89 KO ... Clear
Palermo 89 5« ... Clear
PortervUle fc9 55 ... Cloudy NW ...
Red Bluff ... 88 C2 ... Clear N Lt.
Riverside 96 4S ... Clear
Sacramento ... bO 54 ... Clear NW .0<5
San Dieso 74 00 ... Clear NW ...
Fan Francisco. 64 50 ... Clear W .14
San Jose 77 49 ... Clear
6. L. Oblspo.. 72 50 ... Clear W .16
Saata Maria... 76 52 ... Clear
Panta Rosa..... 82 42.... Clear
Stockton SO 61 ... Clear
WEATHER AND CEOP CONDITIONS.
Holllster — Large crop of both hay and bar
ley In San Juan Valley.
Colusa — All crops in icood condition.
Riverside — Grapes will make gx>od crop.
Stockton — Heavy shipment of onions; fresh
wheat arriving slowly.
Napa — Fruit crop doinff well.
Hanford — Grain crop excellent: fruit ripen
ir.ft fast; quality good.
Palermo — Grain being harvested.
LiveriEore^ — Weather still favorable and crop
conditions unchanged.
King City— Foggy mornings.
Santa Rosa — Early berries ripening fast;
hay cr"p good.
San Jose — Peaches slowly coming in.
PortervUle — Quite cloudy.
Santa Maria — Cold, blustery wind to-day,
not affecting- crops, however.
Cloverdale — Sour sap causing loss to fruit
trees.
Newman — Second cutting alfalfa nearly com
pleted.
Merced— Grain prospects poor: fruit pros
pects fiocd. A. G. McADIE.
Section Director.
cent. Prime mercantile paper. S%9* per cent.
Sterling exchange was firm, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4.8730 for demand
and at $4.6525@4.S535 for sixty days. Posted
rates, $4 SC@4 bS. Commercial bills, $4 84 %®
4 85. Bar silver, 55%c. Mexican dollars.
44<jc. Government bonds, steady. Railroad
bonds, irregular.
Nczv York Stock Market.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 3,600 72 71ft 72
Atctison pfd 2U0 94*1 94 to »*%
Bait & Ohio- 800 *>0>» 80 80%
Bait &. Ohio pfd 91
Canadian Pacific... 900 120% 120% 120%
Central of N J l«0
Chetap & Ohio ... SOO 30U 30% 30%
Chi & Alton 100 38 3S 37%
Chi & Alton pfd 72
Chi &. G Western.. 2t|0 13H 13*4 13%
Chi «c Northwestn. 100 169% 169% ....
Chi Mil L. St Paul. 1,100 H2%. 142-\ 142%
Chi Mil & St P pfd. 177
Chi Term & Trans 6%
Chi Term & T pfd 14%
C C C & St Louis 68%
Cclo Southern 15
Cclo South lit pfd. 100 43 48 47%
Cclrf South 2d pfd 1S%
Del & Hudson 100 154?i 154?» 154%
Del Lack &. West. 270
Denver & R G 120
Denver i R G pfd 69
Erie 400 23Ti 23% 23%
Erie 1st pfd 100 58H 54% 5M t
Erie 2d ijfd 200 35 35 34%
Hocking Valley 66
Hocking Val pfd... 100 81% 81% 81
Illinois Central 129%
Iowa Central 100 18% 18% im
Icwa. Central pfd 33
K C Southern 20
K C Southern pfd. , 100 40% 40% 40%
Louis & Nash ' 600 100% 109<i 100%
Manhattan L 30<> 140% 146% 140%
Metropolitan Secu.. BOO 7««i 76 U 70
Metropolitan St Ry 100 112 111% 111%
Minn & St Louis.. 100 44 44 42
M StP & Sit Ste M 62
M StP£SltSt M pfd .100 118% 118% 113
MlsEOurl Pacific ... 600 82 »1% 91%
Mo Kan b. Texas 16%
Mo Kan A Tex pfd 36%
Nt It R of Mex pfd 35%
N Y Central 200 116 115% 115%
Norfolk Sc Western. 100 55% 55% 65%
Norfolk & W pfd 63
Ontario ft Western. 1.S00 25% 2T.% 25%
Pennsylvania 1.100 115% 116 llStf
Pitts C C & St L , . . 68
Reading \ 4,000 47 46% 48%
Reading 1st pfd , .... 81
Reading 2d pfd < 64%
P.ock Ii-land Co ... 600 21% 20% 21
Rock Island Co pfd. 100 64 64 63%
St L '& S F 2d pfd ,44
St Louis S W 11%
Si Louis S W pfd.. 2S%
Southern Pacific .. 21,100 45»4 »4% 44%
Southern Railway.. 200 21% 21 21
Southern By pfd 84%
Texas & Pacific ... I0"J 21% 21% 21 V t
Tol £t L & Went 22%
Tol Bt L & W pfd. 200 30 35% 35%
Union Pacific 4,1«00 87% 87 R7%
Union Pacific pfd 01%
W«ba«h 100 16% 10% K.
Wabash pfd 300 35% 31% :&U,
W & Leke Erie ... 100 15 15 14%
Wisconsin Central l«',i
Wlscon Cent pfd 37
Mcxioan Central .. 400 7% 7% 7%
Expresa Companies —
Adams ..5 223
American 180
United States 103
WVlls-Farso •• 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper . 14,700 60% 49% 50%
Am Cur & Fdy 17
Am Car & Fdy pfd 200 71 70% 70%
Am Cotton Oil 24
Am Cotton Oil pfd. *•"•• 8R
American Ice • 6%
Am Ire pfd 26'4
Am Llnpwl OH 7 ,
Am Lin Oil ofd 21%
Am LocoieoUre .. 100 18% 1S% IR'-i
Am Locowi r"<1 .. 100 83 S3 fi2'i
Am Smelt * ItfR W»*;
Am Fia & KfB pfd. 1.100 0S% [ OS fW»%
Am Sugar Jitg SOO 12C% 12$% 120*.
Anaeon Mining Co .... 71 U
nrook Rap Transit 3,100 48% 48% '48%
Colo Fuel & Iron .... 29
Consolidated Gas 193
Corn Products .... 10%
Corn Products pfd 67
Distil Securities , 20%
General Electric 1 150
Internatl Paper 10%
Int Paper pfd .... .... flfl
Irternatl Pump 80%
Int Pumn pfd - 70
National L<"«d 20%
North American K3
Pacific Mall ". 25
People's G«s- 300 07 97 »«%
Pressed Ptsel Car 21%
Preyed St Car pfd ..... 03
The following quotations are for good, eound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers 7'.i@S%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 6%@7c; thin Cowa. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — »@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3Vie3%c; Ewes. 2%O3o
per lb (gross weight)
LAMBS— $2 25<@2 50 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 4%©3c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c: over 250 lbs. 4Vic; soft
Hogs, nominal; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars,
50 per cent off. and Staffs, 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
VEAL— Large. 637V^c: small, 7%69c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7c; Ewes. 3%96%o
per lb.
LAMB— 7«8c per lb
PORK— Dre*«ed Hogs. '6%@S%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The week closed without any further change
In prices. Everything Is in sufficient supply
and the demand is nothing extra.
> DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— «®7o for Steers and Sg&j per lb
for Cows.
Meat Market.
Miscellaneous Markets.
doing on the Stock and Bond and California Oil
exchanges.
Sales on the California Exchaxg* last *'.::
w*r» 7773 shares, valued at $9315. the leading
sales being as follows: Associated Oil, 19X4
•hares; Claremont. 2S0O; Independence. 1C00;
Oil City 000; Sovereign and Superior, 50O each.
The Humboldt Savings Bank has declared a
semi-annual dividend of 3.25 per cent per an
num on all deposits, payable July 1. This is
tho tame rate as paid for the six months ended
December 31. 1903.
The Pacific Portland Cement Company has
declared a monthly dividend of 50 cents per
share payable July 1.
Th» output of the Ophlr mine last week
amounted to 303 mining carloads of ore. as
saying $73 05 per ton. and 29 carloads assay-
Ing $22 15. The yield for the previous week
had been 316 carloads of $e2 34 ore and 20 car
loads assaying $18 57. There are IS railroad
carloads of Ophir ore on the way.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, June IS — 12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Aak.1 Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .107Xi 107%! 4s qr cp new.l32%133'i
4s qr r«g...lC«%10rt%!3s qr coup. ..10C 106*i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 59.101 — O T Co 6S..119U —
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 Do 5s Ul%112
Cal C G 5s..l02%104 Do con 6s.. — 103
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. 84% 85 Om Cabl 9 6s. — 123
Cal-st C 5s.. — U7H!Pac G Ira 4s 91% —
C C Wat 5s. —. 101 IP B Ry 5a.. 104% — 1
Ed L & P 6s.l24 — |P*CH to-105 —
F * C H 6s.ll4% — JP * O R «¦. — 118
Geary-st 5s. — 63 jPowell-st 6s. — 114
H C*3 5%s.lOO — leac ECftR 5 3 06% 97i a
Do 5s »7TilOO !SF & SJV 5.1.116% —
Hon R T 69.105 — I Sierra R 6s. — 113
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6»
L A Ry 5s..lll!i — «90») lMU —
L A L Co «a — — (1910) 1C8 110
Do gtd es. — — <19C5)Sr A.102V4 —
Do gtd 5s.lO2% — (tmilSr B.10C% —
LAP lem Ss.101 — OOOCT 104%lC5%
Mkt-st C fis.1151.; — <1912) 115 —
Do lem 5S.114U — SPC leg 5s.H0 —
MV&MtT 5».101% — Do stmpd..l«7T9lC8ii
NRR of C6s.lO7VilO7% S P B R 6s.l31% —
Do 5s 116%117 S V W 63..105*,105S
N P C R 5s.lO5% — Do 4s 2dm. 90 t9\i
N C Ry 5s — 112 Do 4a 3dm. — 03
N C P C 5a 08U101 SV g mtff 4s. 97% —
N S R R 5s. — 100%!Stkn G&K «¦. — 101 »4
O O L*H'5».1O7 — U G & E 5s. — 105
O W gtd 5s. — 100 I
v "WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 40 I Port Costa... — —
MaVln Co... — 60 |S V W Co... 37% 37%
OA3 AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4 IS F G A. E. 6U; 61%
Mutual E L. 12U 13 IStkn GAB. 5% —
Fac L Co... 57 — |U O * E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
FirenVs Fnd-SlO 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl B».127%.— IL P & A....130 160
Antrlo-Cal .. 83% 86%|Mer Trust. ..20S —
Hank of Cal.423 — IMerch Ex 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 IS T National — —
First Nation! — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger 8 & L.22S0 2330 ISav & L So.. — 1C9
Hum S * L. — — Sec Sav Bk.. — .4ZO-
Mutual Bav.100 — Union T Co.. —'—•
S F Sav U.640 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..194 200 I Presidio 40% —
Geary — 60 I
POWDEB.
Giant «0 WHIVlgorit — »:
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 15c LKllauea 8 C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 80% — {Makaweli C. 21% 22
Honokaa 8 C 11% 12 Onomea S C. 24 27*5
Hutch S P C 8 9 Paahau S a 12% 13U
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.137 13S%| Oceanic S C. *M 4%i
Cal F C A.. 99 100 | Pac A F A.. B •
Cal Wine A. 89% OOUJFac C Borax.13754 —
MVAMt Tm.100 — I
Morning Session.
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.. 00 73
$3,000 S P of C 6 per cent (1906) 103 OO
$7,060 Sprlns Valley ft per cent 103 23
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bld.Ask.1 BldJAsk.
Bay CPC 6s. — 99 ]SPCRy4s. — ICO
B L Wat 6s. — — |S P Co 4'js. 9» ¦— ''
C N W R 5s. — 112%ISun T«T 6S.113 —
•M C Wat 6s. 100 — Do 5s — ITS
Rla I W 6s. — 107% Sutter-st 5s. 105 U3
SF Drdk 6*. — 113% UR ot SS" is, 7STi —
SF & NP 5s. — 111U
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co.- — 30 I Mat NaT Co. — >0
Am Bis Co.. — 90 Mills NU Bk. - —
Cal Cot Mills 80 87 Nev Ntl Bk.lSO 200
C G * E Cor 45 50 N S R R.... «& —
C Jockey CI. — — N C P C — 11
Cal Powder. — 145 Oak Bk Sav.. 112% —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak T Con.. 73 —
Cal T I A T.115 — IOOF Hall A B —
Cen Bk Oak — 63 Orpheum Co. — 18
Chute* Co... 6% 7% Pac C Cas..I25 —
City * C Bk. — 112 Pac S T * T.100 —
Cyp L I Co. — 7% Pac Surety.. — —
East Dynm.. — 250 Paraf Paint. . 38 —
DuP Pdr Co. — 00 S F Drydock 60 —
Do com... — 60 SFASJV Coal — _ 27
FN Bk Oak.120 — S J Wat Co — 106
Fischer Thtr — 1 S O&Tgbt Co.125 —
Frnch-A Bk-lCS — ISwlss-A jfk.113 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 Tnickee ETec. 11 12H
Hono P Co.. — 15 UR InCo pfd 47 30
Lon S F Bk- — 60 | Do com. ... 9 — , ;
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market shows
no change, 4^5>4c; prime. 6%®5*«c; extra
choice. «iS6%c: fancy, 7c.
PRUNES — Are cleaninx up so far as spot
supply at this point are concerned and the
assortment Is rather broken, with the result
that the market showed a somewhat better
tone, although the demand continues light.
The prices range from 2«ii35% according to
grade. '
AI'RICOTS-/arre in lleht supply and firm.
Choice are quoted at 0%®10c;- extra choice,
10'.i©10%c; fancy. 1 Jit 13c. y-\
PEACHES — Are firm; choice, 7®7%c;>extra
choice, 7%©8%c; fancy. 9%®10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
CHEESE — Firm; State full cream email col
ored, 7V»@8c; pmall white, «»4®7%c; large col
ored. C*i#7Tic; large white. ti»i@7=4c.
HOPS — Firm; State common to choice 190.1,
2e(fi:«c; 1902, 23826c] olds. 9»14c; Pacific
Coast, 1903. 24®.TOc: 1902. 21ff26c; olds. 9«?14.
HIDES— Steady: GalveBlon, 20 to 25 pounds,
18c; California, 21 to 25 pounds, 10c; Texas
dry. 24 to 30 pounds, 14c.
WOOL— Steady: domestic fleece, 2S332c
SUGAR — Raw, tlrm: fair refining, 3*ic; cen
trifugal 98 test, 3 27-32c; molatses sugar, 3%c;
refined steady; confectioners' A. 4.75c; mold A,
5.25c; cut loaf, 6.tS0c; crushed, 5.60c; powdered,
5c: granulated, 4.90c; cubes, 5.15c.
BUTTER — Steady: creamery, common to ex
tra. i:;£.tlbc; State dairy, common to extra, 13
©17c.
EGGS — Steady: Western extra selected. 17%
@18c: flrptu, lC%&17c.
NEW TORK, June 18.— FLOUR— Receipts.
13,700 barrels; exports. 11,800 barrels. Dull
and barely steady. Winter patents, $5@5 30;
winter straights. $4 8304 95; Minneapolis pat
ents, (4 90@5 35; winter extras, $3 3,V«"4;
Minneapolis bakers, $3 75@1; winter low
grades. $;< 15<g3 80.
WHEAT- Receipts, 14.000; exports 52,400.
Spot barely steady; No. 2 red, nominal ele
vator; No. 2 red, 1 07% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, $1 0034 f- o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions were higher on bullish European report
and crop news, but July soon turned easier,
after renewed liquidation and prospects for an
early arrival of new wheat. Late positions, on
the other hand, were wanted by shorts and
closed %c net higher against lc decline in
July. July clostd at S8%c; September closed
at 8tc: December closed at 84c.
PETROLEUM — Easy; refined New York,
$7 05; Philadelphia and Baltimore. $7 90.
COFFEE — Futures closed barely steady at a
decline, of 10 to 20 points. Sales, 19,500 bags. In
cluding: July, 6.05c; September, 6.20c; No
vember. 6.35c; December. 0.45@6.60c; March,
6.S5@6.90c, and May. <!.U5@7c; spot Rio mild,
firm: Cordova, 0%®12c.
New York Grain and Produce.
The market for new Potatoes had a weak
tone, as the previous high prices checked the
consumptive demand somewhat, and, although
receipts were moderate, the market did not
clean up as well as on the preceding day.
General offerings of both red and white vari
eties sold at a lower range, while a few small
lots of exceptionally fine stock, which were
competed for by rival dealers, commanded the
usual premium. There was no change in
Onions, the demand being fair and supplies
well up to requirements.
As usual on Saturday, local trade in miscel
laneous vegetables was active and a good In
quiry was noted for shipment to Puget Sound
ports. TomatoeK were still in excessive sup
ply and were theNoo>ake*t article on the list,
with poor and soft lots selling below the mini
mum quotation. String and Wax Beans con
tinued to eell at a wide range as to quality,
and fancy Asparagus was firmer.
POTATOES— New White, $1 2601 75 per ctl:
Early Rose, $1 401S1 50 per ctl; Garnet Chile*.
51 SC5? 1 00 per ctl: old Oregon Burbanks, $1®
1 35 per ctl; old river llurbanks, 90c@$l per cti.
ONIONS — Australian Yellow. $4 25(84 60 per
ctl: new Rod. 75@S5c per sack; new Silver
sklnn. $1 25«S1 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1 50® 2 50 per
sack: Asparagus. 5?(Se per lb; Rhubarb. 75c6$l
per box; Garden Peas, 3%f?4c per lb; String
and Wax Beans, 2{}5c per lb; Tomatoes. 5OfT<)Oc
per box or crate for Los Angeles and 75c@$l
for Mexican; Summer Squash. 75c6$l- per box
for southern and $1 75@2 for bay: Cabbage, $1
per ctl; Carrots, $1 per sack; Cucumbers, 85c@>
$1 per box for Marynville and $2®2 25 for bay;
Garlic. 4g6c per lb; Egg Plant, 5®10c per Ib;
Dried Peppers, 8®10c for sun-dried and 12%®
13c per lb for evaporated; Dried Okra. 12%@
ir>c per lb: Green Peppers from Los Angeles,
5<g-10c per lb; from Stockton. 15020c: Marrow
fat Squash. Jobbing, at- 1%®2c per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HOPS — Jobbing at 27%®30c per Ib for Cali
fornia. 1903. Contracts for 1904 crop at
17',iQ20c are reported. •
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 8%c; medium. 8%c; light. 8c: Cow
Hides. 6c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c : Salted Kip, 9c; Sailed Veal 10c: Salted
Calf, llfi; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25*t£30c each:
short Wool. 40#65c each; medium. 70®90c: long
Wool, $191 SO: Horse Hides, salt. $2 73 for
large and $292 50 for medium. $1 25^1 73 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium, $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 30$32%c Goat Skins—
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. COc;
medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No 1 rendered. iKQiViC per lb;
No. 2. »%er4o: grease. 2%i^3e.
WOOL— Spring Clip— Humboldt and Meodo
clno, 17619c; San Joaquln and Southern, 13
months' 10@12c; do 7 months'. 9® lie per lb;
Middle Counties ,13017c for free and 12$15o
for defective; Northern. l&31Sc for free and
14@16c for defective; Nevada. 13@l«Sc, accord
ing to condition. 0
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Government Fruit Crop Report.
Fruit CT07 eummary compiled from the tele
graphic reports to the Unitt-d State* Agricult
ural Department for the week ending with
New ' England— A'.l fruits wttlng exception
ally well: strawberries fruiting in south;
ground too wet in torn localities.
New Tork — Some grapevines wlnter-k'.Hed.
poor setting of fruit In places: berries plentiful;
apple* pujsillstey; peaches light; pears dam
aged: other fruit grood.
Ne* Jersey — Saw fiy doing great Injury to
straw berries In portions of Atlantic County;
fiuit dropping and not so promising.
Pennsylvania— Fruit conditions generally fa-
Vorab'.e.
Maryland and Delaware — Fruit not «o plenti
ful «s blossom* indicated; strawberries ripen
ing ari<l abundant in northern districts, etiil
plentiful in southern.
Virginia — Ari-1** heg-inninjr to fall.
North Carolina— Peaches ripening; fair yield.
South Carolina— Peach shipments increasing.
Georr'.i. — Fruit outlook prcmlsl&e.
Florida— Ra'.n badly needed in central por
tion, where frclt* are deteriorating.
Alabama— Peaches running slowly.
MisFissippI — Peaches abundant; watermelons
promi*!a«.
Arkarsas — Peaches ripening; prospect* for
fuM crop of pe*cbes end apples.
Tennessee — Fruit prospects Improved.
Missouri— Apple prospects declining.
Illinois — Parries promising; apple* contisue
propping badly.
Indiana — rrult. except peaches, promlting-.
Wert Virginia— Proepects for apples, peaches,
pears and cherries less encouraging. x
Ohio— Peaches, pears, plums and cherries
fc'.ightlng to some extent.
Michigan— Strawberries ripening and abun-
Csat- apples and cherries very promising.
Wisconsin — Apples, cranberries and straw
berries premising.
Iowa — Conditions are generally favorable for
Kansas — Apr'** and peaches growing well.
Oklahoma and Indian territories — Grapes
promise a large yield.
Montana^ — Fruit prospects good.
Idaho— Fruit advancing rapidly; strawberries
abundant; stock thriving. ,
Oo'orado— Fruit promising; strawberries rip
" B Uta'h— Fruit «oln» well.
Oregon — Strawberries extra good; apples do
ing well- caterpillars numerous; cherries ripen
tog. crop better than expected.
Weather Report.
SHEEP— Receipts/ 500; market steady. Mut
tofcs, $4 60ff5 50; lambs. $5®0 75; range weth
ers, $4®4 75; ewes. $3 50®4 50.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. June IS— CATTLE—
Recetpts, 200; market unchanged.
HOGS — Receipts, 4000;" market steady. Bulk
of sales *4 iS/go; heavy. $4 8C@5 02%: pack
ers. $4 85@5; pips and lights. $4 25^4 90.
Kansas Citv.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Nebr.. June IS.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 100; market unchanged.
HOGS — Receipts. 5800: market ftronger.
Heavy, $4 95®0 05; mixed. $4 90®4 05; light.
$4 80®4 95; piss, $4@4 60; bulk of sales,
$4 W4H 95.
SHEEP — Receipts, 200; steady. Western
yearlings, $4 7565 25; wethers. $4 75@5 25;
ewes, $4 5£@5: common and stockers, $3@5;
lambs. $5 60S 7.
CHICAGO, June 18. — CATTLE— rRecelptn.
POO; market slow. Good to prime steers. $5 75
CO 50 - poor to medium, $4 50Q5 50: stockers
and feeders. 52 75(8 J "5; cows, $2@4 50; heif
ers $2ff4 75; canners', $2@2 CO; bulls, $2@
4 50' calves, $2 50®5 50; Texas fed steers,
$4 8505 25; grassers. $2 0C®3 35.
HOGS — Receipts, to-day, 9C0O; Monday,
80,000; market steady. Mixed and butchers',
$4 05(35 20; rood to choice heavy. $5 lCdp
5 22%; rough* heavy. $» 85«5 10; light, $4 85®
5 15; bulk of sales. $5 05@5 15.
SHEEP — Receipts, 2000; market steady.
Lambs steady. Good to choice wetthers,
$4 76G5 25; Western sheep. $4 5005: .native
lambs $5i<8 50; Western lambs, $6(37; sprlns
lambs! $S€7 05. —
Chicago.
Previous quotations rule for all descriptions
under this head. Llmas. Pinks and Bayoa are
firm, while large and small Whites are easy
and inactive. The situation in Llmaa Is espe
cially strong.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 55; Pea, $2 9O©3;
Butters, $3: small White, $2 859,1 10; large
White^ $2 8582 «*: Pink. $3'40<g3 50: Red,
$4 25«* 50: Ltma, $3 :H>g3 40; Red Kidney*.
*? 75®5: Blcckeye. $2@2 10 per ctl; Hors«
Beans, $202 60.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 2504 50; Tellow
Mustard, $2 50©3; Flax. $1 75@2; Canary,
5u.fT57ic for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%®16c; Rape.
2@2%c: Timothy. 6!g6%c; Hemp, 8%©4c per
lb: Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, f 20©21
per ton ,
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; NUes.
$3 25: Green Teas. tZff.i 25. 1
Beans and Seeds.
CATTLE. SHEEP AXD HOGS.
CHICAGO, June 18.— On the' Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creamery, 13%@mic; dairy, UV,©13c. E*ss,
easy *t mark, cases Included, 1-l-tj Ui»c. Cheese,
easy, "USSc.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The report to G. N. Salisbury. Section Di
rector, United States Weather Bureau, for the
"Washington Crop Bulletin, week ended Jur.e
14. Is as follows:
The week was cool end windy, with consid
erable cloudiness, and two or thre« sbovrera.
which were of great benefit to crops. A fro»t
•ccurred 00 the 11th, which, although gener
ally light was in some localities sharp enough
to cat down corn and tender vegetables on low
ground. Some fear is entertained that wheat
la bloom may have been injured.
The nights were too cool for the most rapid
growth of corn and garden vegetables, but the
000 1 weather was favorable io*" grain, espe
cially for winter wheat, which is generally
beaded out. and much of It in bloom. Barley,
•at*. «pring wheat and potatoes made good
progress. Early spring wheat is headed, or In
•the boot," End potatoes are in bloom. Clover
and alfalfa are ready to cut, and some haying
bae been dose. The latter crop is reported
somewhat light.
Hops have b«en badly whipped by the wind,
and vermin are tr.crtaaing. which necessitates
•praying. Cut- worms are troublesome, and
caterpllltrs are etripping orchard trees in San
Juan County. The strawberry seascn Is r.-jw
pa*t its height; the crop ts hardly an average
one. Cherries arc rlf-ening and the crop is
short ia most localities.
Washington Crop Bulletin.
COTTOLENE— Ons half barrel. 8*4c; three
half barrels. SUc: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
LARD — Tiereea quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels, puro,
8<Kc; 10-lb tins, OKo; 6-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins.
9%c.
The Chicago letter of Mitchell, Mulcahy ft
Co. says: "Receipts of hogs are less than a
year ago. The market, however, shows a he*l
tatlng action. Packers are trading on both
sides. The position Is. in our Judgment, a very
doubtful one. While the receipts of hogs have
been disappointing because large receipts had
been expected, yet any reason why there
should be any deficiency in the country is not
shown. We are inclined to think, after so
material an advance, we would take profits on
the bard spots."
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
13%e for extra tight and 15@10c for sugar
cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Cali
fornia Hams. 12@12%c: Mess Beef, $109
10 60 per bbl: extra Mess. $11811 50; Family.
$12®12 60; prime Mess Pork. $14; extra clear.
$22; Mess. $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. »Kc; Pig
Pork. $26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, lto
per Ib.
The contemplated advance in Bacon and Lard
has not yet taken place, as the Chicago mar
ket has become very unsettled lately and Its
daily variations are such as to deter th« local
trade from taking any decided steps in any
direction.
Provisions.
The assortment of new Crcp Hay Is Increas
ing. A car of No. 1 Wheat, from McAvoy
station, Contra Conta County, came In yester
day, but received a bid of only $10 50 and was
not sold. New Wild Oat eoM. at $7 50®8 60.
and 2 cars of cultivated Oat sold at $9. Old
Hay remains as before quoted, and is dull.
The large draylng and other transportation
companies have lately turned a good many
horses out to pasture, owing to the falling off
In business, which of course cut* down the lo
cal demand for Hay somewhat. Besides, the
strike of the stablemen Is affecting the market.
There is no change In FeedstuSs.
BRAN— $22@23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24@29 per ton.
SHORTS— $22323 jxr ton
•FEEDSTUKFS — Rolled Barley, $22 50®2."J
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $10 5O$:n 50;
jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake, $22023; Cora
Meal. $32333; Cracked Corn, $32 501*33 50;
Mixed Few!. $22if23; Horse Beans, $30040 per
ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. S10<814 50; Wheat and Oat.
$H' ( il2 50; Oat. $9^12; Wild Oat. $7310; Bar
ley and Oat, $T<311: Stock. $768; Alfalfa. $70
10 per ton; new Volunteer Wild Oat, $7©S 50
per ton. New Wheat. $10®12; new Oat, $9;
new Alfalfa. $7 per ton.
STRAW— 60® SOo per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
bank clearlnrs for the week Just ended
show aa Increase, of $1,138,334 over the corre
sponding weak of last year, being $30,878.:*33.
against $29.7J8,0e5 m 1903. The clearings for
tt« same week la 19C2 were $26,352,972.
Bank Clearings.
CHICAGO, June 18. — Cash quotations were
as follows- Flour was quiet and easy; winter
patents, $1 56@4 C5: straights. $4 204H 40:
spring- pctentg. $4 30@4 70; straights,' $4 20:
bakers', ?2 60i©3 'JO; No. 2 spring wheat, 92@
90c; No. 8, 85@'J2c; Nc. 2 red, _9Sc@$l; No. 2
corn, 4SQ40c; No. 2 yellow, no'c: No. 2 oats,
41fi41><ie; No. 3 . white, 428*43910; No. 2 rye,
<!5c; good feeding barley, 31&:Htc; fair to
choice malting, 43©54c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 01;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 07%: prime- tlmothy
seed, $2 05; mesa pork. p*r bbl.. 512 60@12 55;
lard, per 1C0 lbj>.. 46 75ig« 77%; short riba
sides (loose). $7®7 25; short clear aides (boxed),
$797 25; whisky, basis of_ high v/lnes. $1 28;
clover, contract grade, $10 75. ¦
Articles — * Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15,«(i0 10,900
Wh?at. bushels 25.100 100,300
Com. tushels 3SC?.0OO C3O.2O0
Oat*, bushels 147.000 87.600
Rye, busr-eln 2,000 5.200
Barley, bushels ...( 41,300 4,200
• Cash Grain and Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60<l»
4 90. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 5094 80;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5&4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follow*: Graham Flour. $3 50 p«r 100 lbs;
Kye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7: Corn Meal. $3 50: extra cream do, $4 28;
Oat Groata, $4 50; Hominy.' $4®4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 60@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina. H 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75,
Rolled Oats bbls, $7 25<?8 (SO; In sacks, $0 15Q
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The Nsw York market for the staple fruits
Is ruling firm, without much Improvement In
prices. Thsra Is no change In the situation
FRUITS— New crop futures— Apricots, 7©Sc;
Peaches, 6V4®3%a per lb. Old crop — Apricots,
8$10o for Royals and 9&12c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 4i4G*tc; sun-dried, 3@4%C(
Peaches. 7®Sc; Figs, white, 2% ©3c In boxes}
black, 4Uc: Plums, pitted, 5@7%o per lb.
PRUNES— 1003 crcp. 2©2%c for the four
sixes
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno, for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are aa
follows: 50- lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 4 -crown,
4c per lb; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown. 4c: Malaga,
loose. 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3%c; Thompson'*
seedless, 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3%o; Seedless
Muscatels. 3%c; do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins. 10-02 cartons, fancy. 6%c; choice. SVtc;
12-oz cartons, fancy, 4%c; choice. 4%c; In
bulk, tancy. 5Uc; choice. Be: Imperial clus
ter*. $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $2: London
Layars. 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 20.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%®14c;
No. 2. ll%«-12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13813%c;
No. 2 ll@ll%c; Almonds, HUc.for Nonpa
rells. ll%c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9 Vic tor Languedoc; Peanuts. 637c for
Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50<S5.
HONEY— Comb. ll%Q12%c for white and
lOigllc for amber; water white extracted. 5®
6c; light amber extracted. 4%£6c; dark.
3%S4c.
BEESWAX— 27©29o per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
WaU-sireet Stocks higher on the day. Cotton firm. \
Hczzy sales of Tonopah Mintng Stocks. Other Shares dull.
Bank Clearings gain $1,138,000 over last year.
Sliglit variation in Silver and Exchange.
Wheat crop prospects in Europe not as flattering.
San Francisco gets the Government Manila Oat contract.
Corn weakening under ample arrivals. Barley quieter.
Hay weak, with increasing arrh'als of new crop. ,
No further change in Beans and Seeds.
New Potatoes quiet and weaker. Onions unchanged.
Poultry market still overstocked with Hens.
"Active local and shipping demand for fresh Fruits.
Melons ncrjj coming in by the carload from the south.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in ample supply and unchanged.
Dried Fruits steady to firm in New York.
No advance yet in Bacon and Lard.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs still in good supply and weak.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Common, bid 4, asked 4%; preferred, bid
57%. asked 38.
NEW YORK BONDS.
1: S ref 2s. reg.. 104% L & N unified 4s. 101%
Do ooupon 106% Man con gold 4s. 104
Do 3s, reg 106** Mexican Cen 4s... 63
Do coupon 100 Do 1st Ino 12%
Do now 4a, reg. 132% Minn & St L 4s.. 98
Do coupon... -..182*i Mo. K & T 4s... 98%
Do old 4s, reg.lOCU Do 2ds 78
Do coupon 10714 Ntl R Mex con 4s. 74%
Atchison gen 4S..102K, N Y Cen gen 3%s.l00U
Do adjust Is... 81% N j Cen gen 5s..l32V4
Atlantic C L 4s.. 03% Northern Pac 4s.. 104%
Bait & Ohio 4s..lO2^i Do Ss 73*4
Do 3%s 95% Nor & W oon 4a.. 09%
Central of ,Ga. 5s. 110 OSL 4s and partic 96%
Do 1st lnc 74. Penn conv 3%s... 96%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO5% Reading gen 4s.. 100%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 79% StL & IM con 5s. 115%
C. B & Q new 4s. 961.; stL & SF fg 4s.. 82
C.M&StP gen 4s.lO9 St L SW lsu.... 91
C & N W oon 7s. 128% Seaboard A L 4s.. 69
C.RI4P RR 4s. 63 Southern Pac 4s.. 02%
Do col 6s 79% Southern Ry 5s... 117%
CCC&StL Sf-n 4b. S9% Tex & Pac lots.. 119
Chi Terminal 4s. 75 T, St L & W 4s. . 70
Con Tobacco 4s. 62Vi Union Paclflo 4s.. 105%
Colo & South 4s. 84 Do conv 4s..... 9S%
C F & 1 69 US Steel 2d 5s... 74%
Den 4 Rio G 4S.100 Wabash lsts 117
Erie prior Hen ie. 99% Do deb B B8%
Erie gen 4s 86 Wheel & L E 4s.. 00
KtW & D C lsts. 104 Wisconsin Cen 4s. 00%
Hocking Val 4Hs.lC9%
NEW KOKK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Ontario 8 50
Alice - 20 Ophir 3 80
Breece 10 Fhoenlx 12
Comstock Tunnel.. 09 Fotosl 11
Con Cal & Va....l 20 Savage 13
Horn Silver 48 Sierra Nevada C5
Iron Silver 1 30| Small Hopes 15
Leadvllle Con 02 Standard 2 15
Little Chief 05|
Boston Stocks antf Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel !)
Call loans 2®3%| Do pfd 54%
Time loans 3#4%l West'houee. Com.. 76
Bonds — I Mining —
Atchison adj 4s.. 100>-i Adventure 1
Do 4s 91%'AUouez 6%
Mexican Cen 4s.. 40 Amalgamated 50%
Railroads — American Zinc... 9%
Atchison 72 Atlantic, 7%
Do pfd 94% Blngham 20%
Boston & Albany. 240 Calumet & Hecla.455
Boston & Maine.. 1«3 Centennial 18%
Boston Elevated. .150 Copper Range . 42V4
Fltchburg- pfd 135 Daly West 23%
Mexican Central. 7U Dominion Coal.... 52
N Y. N H & H..1P6 Franklin A
Pere Marquette.. 77 Grancy 3%
Union Pacific... 87% Isle Royale 7
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining 3%
Am Anr« Chem.. 13% Michigan 3%
Do pfd 73 Mohawk 40%
Am Pneu Tube... 4% Mont Cole & Coke 4
Amer Sugar 126 Old Dominion 12
Do pfd 125% Osceola f>0%
Am Tel & Tel... 123 Parrot 2t%
Amer Woolen 10% Qulncy 82
Do rfd 75% Shannon 5%,
Dominion I & S.. 7% Tamarack 90
Ed Elec Ilium... 235 Trinity 3«
General Electric. .150% U S Mining lO"*
Mass Electric IS US Oil »-' a
Do pfd 71 Utah Sfi'
Mans Gas 38% Victoria 2
United Fruit 106 Wlnona 6%
Un Shoe Mach... 49 Wolverine 71%
Do pfd: «69
Pullman Pal Car .... 212
Republic Steel .... ...; '.... 6
Republlo 8t»el pfd .... ..... 40
Rubber Goods .... .... 15
Rubber Goods pfd 75
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 84~%
U S Leather 6%
U S Leather pfd ;. 79
U S Realty - 6
U S Realty pfd./ ;... 58%
U S Rubber 18V.
U S Rubber pfd 64%
U 8 Eteel 700 »% 9 »%
U S Steel pfd 2,200 54% 54)4 54 {&
Westinghouse Elec - 154
Western Union ... 100 8714 87% 87
Total sales- 76,300 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
N13W YORK, June 18.— Bond transactions
United Railroads of Son PraneiBoo, $40,000 at
*7S 67%; «5000 at $74 23.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Under the Influence of firm. cables the market
opened' strong, July being up Vi@-%o to %c. at
t>l%c to Si%(S*l%c. Another . factor that
helped to strengthen the situation was a sharp
falling In shipments from Australia. There
were also rumors of foreign orders here for
Immediate shipments at about a working basis.
After working up to 84&c the price- started
on a gradual decline, occasioned largely by sell-
Ing on fears of bearish statistics on Monday.
Weather conditions tended decidedly to weaken
values Just before the close there was re
newed'covering by shorts, and practically all
the loea was regained. The low point on July
was reached at 8394c. The close was at 84®
84 He. September closed at 79H079%o.
The initial strength of wheat extended a
supporting Influence on the corn market -at
the start, holding prices the first hour a trifle
above yesterday's closing figure. Jjut the mar
ket closed near the low point. July opened at
4S?l»!{N8%e. closing at 47%c.
Selling of oats followed the weakness of
other grains, liquidation of July holdings
being a feature of trading. July closed at 38% c.
Provisions — Nothing doing; prices were
barely steady notwithstanding smaller re
ceipts of hogs and a firm market at the yard.
July pork clos»d at $12 85. Lard was un
changed at $13 97%. Ribs were up slightly at
$5 45.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
July. h8 old^?'.^7 .8SK' 85% 84% 86%
July new 84% 84% 83% 84*
September, old. 81%- 81% 81 81%>
September! , new 70% 7»% 70% 70^
Com No. 2 — .
June ••••' .,.. 47%
July 4B% 48% 47% 41%
September 48% 49 *Sii 4S&
Oats No. 2—
June 41
July 38% 88% 3814 38%
September 3144 31% 31%- 31%.
Dumber 32Vi S2',i 32 32*
Mesa Pork, per bbl.—
July ....;:.. .\Tl2 62% 12 57% 12 B0 12 57%,
September 12 77% 12 85 12 75 12 85
Jub? rd '.!'. e r.*??. 1 O S SO 6 82% 6 77% 6 82%
September 0 97% 6 97% 6 05 6 D7%.
Phort Ribs per 100 lbs. —
July .......... 7 20 7 22% 7 20 7 22%;
September 7 40 7 45 7 40 7 45
GOOSEBERRIES— 3®4c per lb for small and
7c for English.
CURRANTS — *3«5 per chest.
CHERRIES— 50@«5e In drawers and S&BdOe
In flats and cartons; In bulk. 4JJ7O per Ib
for Black and Cf(~c for Royal Anne.
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates. 40©90c;
baskets, 50® 80c; large open boxes, $10150.
APPLF.S — Old. |1 5(Ka2 23 per box; new
Oreen. 25® 50c for small boxes and "5o3?l 25
for - large.
PEARS— 25®3J5e per box or basket.
PEACHES — &3@Soc per box and 83c©$l per
basket.
PLUMS — BCflSSc per box, its to size of box.
FIGS— «5c<ffjl per box. '
CANTALOUPES— $1 for small and $3©4 for
a (flTRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1©3 per
box, as to size and quality; Seedlings, fl 2&9
1 CO; Valenclas. Jl 6OC- 50; Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 75; Tangerines. $1 75(92; Lemons,
$2 30#$2 75 for fancy, $1 5031 75 for choice
and $131 25 for standard: Grape Fruit, $1 50
62 for seedless and $1<G>1 50 for ordinary;
Mexican Limes, J» 5005 per case; Bananas,
$2y3 per bunch for Central American and
ll®2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, ?2tf3 per
dosea. i
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 01%®l 03%: Brewing, $1 05?l 10;
Chevalier, $1 02H«?l 10 for fair to choice.
FUTURES. „•'
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...00 90 96 % W
OATS — San Francisco gets the Government
Manila contract after all. the award having
been made to Scott & Magner of this city yes
terday. The quantity Is some 6C0O tons, but
the delivery, like that of the hay contract, will
be spun out over a long period, terminating In
October.
The market remains quiet and unchanged.
White. $1 40S1 45: Black. $1 2091 29; Red,
$r.Sty#l 30; Gray, nominal. New crop red
SI 1 15®1 20 per ctl.
CORN — Is now showing some easiness, as
there Is more offering and receivers are dis
posed to sell. Quotations show some recession.
Receipts from the /West are keeping- the mar.
ket well supplied.
Western naeked. $1 50 for Yellow, )1 CO for
White, and ?1 45471 SO for Mixed; California
large Yellow $1 50; small round do. SI 500
1 55; White. $1 60 per ctl; Egyptlon. fl 32H®
1 42 for White and ?1 25@1 30 for Brown.
RYE— II 30@l 32% per cU.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 76©2 p« ctl.
Club, $1 30@l 40; Northern . Blueatera, $1 60
@1 65 per ctl. .
futures. :•: ..'.' ;,
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m. '
Open.' High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 27H H 27>4 $127 $127%
BARLEY — The week closed quietly, both on
the tables and In the ring. There were gales
of new Feed at $1@1 02»i. and for old (1 03%
was the general asking price, with, offerings
very light.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1904.
Contlnned on Pace Forty-One.
NEW YORK. June 18. — Close — Mcney t/a call
was nominal: so loans. Time money was easy
e:.<! dull with iixty-<Vi>- loan* at 2 per rent;
ninety-day, 2% per cent, end rlx monthe. 3 per
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
47
AUCTION SALES
Auction Sale
of 40 HEAD HIGH-CLA8S STANDARD BRED
COLTS AND FILLIES.
Sired by Welcome.. 2:10%; Win. HaroM.
2:13%; Hambletonian ' WUR.es. 1S79. -and
Monterey. 2:CJ>i.
\ From Meek's ranch. Haywards, Cal., and other
I owners. .
! At sam« time will *etl carload of GENTLE
WORK HORSES, from 12C0 to 1S00. ready to
go to work.
To ba sold
TUESDAY EVENING. June 23. 1904.
at 7:43 p. m.. at Salesyard. 1732 MARKET
«.. cor. Van Ness ave.
Horses at yard Saturday, June 23. 1904.
Eend for catalogue.
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
Successors to Kelly & Co..
' Live Stock Auctioneers.
i^ fc»
By order of the proprietor of the Plcrce-street
Stable.
1327 PIERCE 8T..
On THURSDAY. June SO. 11 a, m..
I will sell at public auction
THE ENTIRE CONTENTS OF THE STABLE.
Consisting of
«7 HORSES— MATCH BLACKS— flno SADDLE
HORSES. 8 FAST PACERS. 33 head of th»
best business horses that have ever been of-
fered at auction; also a ra*t choice line cf
rubber tire business buggies. 2 express. 4 gro-
cery 4 peddling. 1 butcher and 2 camp wagons.
3 traps, 4 surreys, 2 3-seaters. 1 hearse. 5 run-
abouts. 3 carts. 1 rubber tire club waron. 3
•tanhopes. 3 phaetons, whips, robes. 50 sets
harness, of flea fixtures, etc. This sale Is posi-
tively without limit or reserve, as th« leaoa
has been sold to the California Bakery Com-
pany and must vacate June 30. The stock la
row working and can be swn at any time in
mornlns or evening, 90 any on» needing a good,
honest work or driving horse will do well to
wait for this closing out sale.
WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
jrv. Don't forget the btg sale of a lot of
>-?!> good horses end mares, corner grocery
end peddling wagons, surreys, 3-seaters, bu«-
- sles and carts, 13 sets of single and doubl*
harness at 11 a. m., 1140 FOLSOM ST.. Tues-
day, June 21. WILLIAM CLOUGH, Auction-
eer.
;AUCTION SALE!
j £»% 5^ it*fc
;120 Horses for Salel
I By order of "W. IL Smith, of Reno,
Nev.. I will sell at auction 129 horses,
I broken and unbroken, weighing from
1000 to 1400 pounds; also several choice*
i saddle horses.
This lot consists of mostly all choice
young geldings, and positively must be
sold. Sale takes place at J. 6. Koran's
salesyard, corner Tenth and Bryant
streets, at 11 o'clock a. m.. Monday,
: June 20. 1904.
I B. WATXHrS, Auctioneer.
j ADVERTISEMENTS^
I CHOICE Iota for sal* In the Me- B
Gee Tract, Berkeley, near Key Bi
Bonte and S. P. trains. . Also W
trtasury stock In first-class fac- 1!
tory enterprise, raanasred by reli- m
able, careful business men- [3
PACIFIC COAST TRUST CO.. V
Investment Bankers, 708 Market Si
Bt^ Eocmi 6C4-5. WThe fool tells a woman that she
seems beautiful to him because he
loves her; the smart man that he loves
her because she Is beautiful.
Edward L. Wadham, treasurer of
Golden Gate Aerie No. 61, Fraternal
Order of Eagles, was arrested last
night on' a charge of felony embezzle
ment. Wadham, who Is secretary of
the San Francisco Society for the Pro
tection of Children and secretary of the
Central' Linen Supply Company, both
situated in the Emma Spreckels build
ing, is accused by the officers of the
Eagle order with having misused $1078
of the funds of the organization.
The shortage was discovered ten days
ago, it being noticed tkat the treasurer
Edward L. Wadham Arrested
for Misusing Funds of
Aerie No. 61 of This City
Board of Education Announces tha
Successful Candidates In Recent
Competitive Examination.
The Board of Education has an
nounced the following as the highest
twenty-five candidates who partici
pated in the recent competitive exam
ination for teachers: Miss Elizabeth
Vincent, 18S.6; Miss Daisy Starr,
181.10; Miss May E. Kelley, 178.03;
Ned Gould. 177.90; Miss Susan Vin
cent, 177.50; Pauline R. Ryder, 173.2;
Mabel Blum, 175; Edgar Muller.
174.75; Florence Nipert, 174.60; Miss
Mabel Keller, 173.50; Miss Mabel Stu
art. 173.3; Miss Grace Sullivan. 173;
Miss Mabel Miller. 172.83; Miss Sadie
Kilpatrick. 172.65; Miss May Kerns,
172.50; Miss Lillian Clarkson. 172.30;
Miss Margaret Johnston, 17 £20; Miss
Llda Wilson. 171.70; Miss Blanche
Maccuaig, 171.25; Miss Isabel Evans,
170.91; Miss Siona Bonneville. 170.7." :
Miss Dora Savage, 170.70; Miss Jessie
McClellan. 170.50; Miss Elolse Nolan,
170.40; Marie Donohue, 17».
EMBEZZLES COIN
OF EAGLE LODGE
JfEW SCHOOL TEACHERS
QUAIiIFY FOR POSITION'S
had deposited no money in the ban!:
since the last collection of dues and
fines. Corresponding Secretary A. A.
von Hovenberg, David Barron. financial
secretary, and Trustees A. Nelson and
C. A. Wescott Investigated Wadham's
accounts and Friday night called a spe
cial meeting. 'Wadham was told to pro
duce his books and- deliver the money
over to the officers of the lodge. Wad
ham, according to the officers, left the
room to get the books and did not re
appear.
Yesterday morning the four above
named officials called on the- alleged
embezzler and demanded that he pro
duce the money. Wadham told them
that it was in a safe deposit. He was
taken to the bank that he mentioned,
but the money was not there. He then
mentioned several other places where
he had the money, but when the places
were visited it was found that Wad
ham had lied. The officers say that he
then admitted having used the money
in his linen company.
and poison her, and, at 443 Castro
street, In the presence of her sister
and rnother, "assaulted her and threat
ened to stab her. She further avers
that on June 11, at the corner of Six
teenth and Market streets, he lay in
wait for her, assaulted and again
threatened to kill her. • She asks for
alimony and the restoration of her
maiden name, Effle E. Elliot.
Judge Graham yesterday granted a
divorce to Freda Bell Keslar from
Orin A. Keslar on the ground of neg
lect. He awarded the wife $20 a
month alimony and custody of their
child. Keslar Is a commercial trav
eler.
- Suits for divorce were filed by Dan
iel Haines against Mamie Halnes on
the ground of desertion, Louise A. Jef
fery against William T. C Jeffery lor
neglect. and desertion. '
MINING MAN'S
CHILD IN NEED
F J.Taylor Sued by His Wife,
Who Asks Sixty, Dollars a
Month for Boy's Support
Mrs. A. E. Taylor yesterday brought
suit against F. J. Taylor, • a mining
promoter,' for $60 a month for the
support of their three-year-old child,
Amador. She alleges that the father
has not contributed to the support of
the boy since September-20 last, when
she left him on account .of . his con
duct. She took the child. Mrs. Tay
lor says that her husband Is ln i re
ceipt of a large Income from mining
stocks and she asks for $150 with
which to prepare for the trial, $200
for attorney's v fees and 5 CO a month
pending the litigation.
Extreme cruelty and neglect are as
signed as reasons for the desire of Ef
fle E. Fanning. 1 for a divorce from
r Bert A.: Fanning, an employe 'of the
Southern Pacific Company, earning
$120 a month. In her complaint, filed
yesterday, Mrs. Fanning specifies ' va
rious acts of cruelty, which, she says,
have made "the marriage relation a
mockery and a farce." She declares
that Fanning gave way to violent pas
sion and applied .vile and \ obscene
word3 to her, threatened to kill her
¦ Because her husband was convicted
of bigamy on April 18 last Annie
Jackson yesterday asked the Superior
Court to dissolve her marriage to Al
vor J. Jackson and restore her maiden
name, Annie McClaln.
' Herman Frisch has sued Bertha
Frisch for divorce on the ground of
desertion. Their married life was
brief but stormy. They were wedded
at Yonkefs, N. Y., on February 14,
1899, but , the patron saint of lovers
did not smile on the union. > Three
weeks after the knot was tied she
knocked him out of bed, he says, add
ing that she refused to cook his meals
or keep house for him. At the end of
three months she left him.
Reed Has Narrow Escape.
Joseph Reed narrowly escaped hav
ing three years added to his sentence
by petitioning the Supreme Court for
a writ of habeas corpus. Reed waa
convicted of robbery and a prior con
viction of petty larceny was introduced
et the trial. The Penal Code provides
a minimum penalty of ten years* Im
prisonment ln 6uch cases. The de
fendant was given seven years. Reed
thought that he ought to go free
through the Judge's error. The Su
preme Court intimated that lt might
find a remedy by annulling the sen
tence and compelling the lower court
to give Reed at least three years more,
but decided after consideration to let
the Judgment stand.
Important Train Service Changes.
New schedules for Western and Sacramento
tfjvislcas will be adopted June 19, when train
>."». 16. Orepon express, will leave Ean Fran
cisco at 6:05 p. m. Instead of 7 p. m., and
train No. 14, Reno express, at 7 p. in. Instead
cf b:C5 p. m. - Train Xo. 6, Eastern express,
l^avins Kan Francisco at 6 i>. m., and train
No. 2. California express, which will arrive
fiaa Francisco at 12:50 p. m., will run via
JXartinez and Stockton Instead of via Benicia
ee at aresent.
Train No. 12. Shasta, express, leavinc Saa
TYeiiciseo at S a. rc.. will connect for Live
Oaks. Chlco and way stations via Davis and
ilarysville. No. IS, Sacramento passenger
leavlr.g at 3::;0 p. m., will connect at Davis
tor Yoio, W1!!>.wb and way etations. •
E. A. Pierce, proprietor of the Ne
vada stables, yesterday brought suit in
the Superior Court for a perpetual In
junction restraining the Stablemen's
Union from interfering with him in the
conduct of his business. He alleges
that the union men have damaged him
ln the sum of 51000. but they are all
financially Irresponsible and unable to
respond to a judgment for damages.
Pierce alleges that on April 20, 1904,
certain representatives of the union
called upon him and demanded the dis
charge of a non-union stableman who
was ln his employ, and stated that If
be did not comply they would call the
union men out on a strike. He refuJsed
to discharge the man and the strike
was ordered on April 25, the union men
abandoning their work and threatening
to devise means to damage or destroy
his business.
UXION* MEN' AXXOY.
Pierce declares that since the Etrike
the union men have continued to an
noy him, and he has been threatened
that If he did not comply with their
demands he would be boycotted and
prevented from employing non-union
men. He is now employing non-union
men. end the union men have. It is al
leged, conspired among themselves and
•with outsiders unknown to Interfere
v1th the rigs boarded and cared for at
the stable and cause them to be dam
aged, bo as to make them unfit for
business, and by threats, intimidations
and assaults on employes who have or
may take the place of the strikers to
force them to quit.
He has made contracts with non
union men to work for a fixed term, and
the union, lt is declared, has combined
to Induce the men to break the con
tracts.
TICKETS IX THE WAY.
The union, he says, has placed agents
and pickets in front of his place of
business. They have called opprobrious
names and threatened with harm the
non-union employes, and "said union
xr.en in the vicinity of the place of busi
ness and elsewhere have waylaid and
assaulted the non-union employes, and
%vlll continue to waylay and assault
them."
The union, says Pierce, has sent
agents to his customers and demanded
that they remove their horses and vehi
cles from the Nevada stables under
threat of being boycotted. Some of the
customers named are Blake, Moffitt &
Towne; Owens, Varney & Co. and oth
ers. He says that the union pickets ln
loud and threatening voice have threat
ened violence and boycot to the pa
trons and customers of the stable. It is
alleged that the union men used the
following language to the employes: j
"If you work for this scab we will \
waylay you and beat your head off. If
we ever catch you outside of this stable i
ve will fix you. You are a band of*
convicts, and we will get every one of ,
you." |
Bush Flnnell Is Pierce's attorney. The
defendants named in the suit are Sta
blemen's Union Local No. 8760. T. F.
Finn. E. Maza, T. J. White and John
Killian.
Complaint Says Union 3Ien
Threaten to Waylay and
Harm Various Employes
ASSAULTS AXD BOYCOTT
Owner of Nevada Stables
Asks Court to Prevent In
terference -With Business
SUES TO ENJOIN
UNION STRIKERS
THE . SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1904.
48
When seeking - MODERN
FLATS and UP-TO-DATE
HOUSES at MODERATE
RATES yon will find our FLAT
and HOUSE ,TO LET COLUMNS
a convenient reference.
BALE'S. I HALE'S. . | HALE'S. I HALE'S.' { HALE'S. | UAUt. a.
" C^L To Getthe Newest IdeaS} t0 Choosc From aBig Varicty ' to Get *" Bcantiful Waists as Y<ni Want
J^^^SHnL' 1^ ii >im^& Hundreds white waists our New York office sends us by express, the result of a six-store
tMmjWffMut y^ ' deal » which concerned taking over all the white summer waists of a leading Eastern house.
W5$ SP^ ijj^ y/^ See how much it means to-morrow. Table after table full, different prices, spread out on
F J*f ' <s3fU^ffla * [L fW S • the second floor - If y° u haven't your white waist you will be glad you waited, for the styles are a
/^fSSli\ j^^7 Savings Are Greatest of the Season
>^^^^^^^jk>!^^^^ WWli!ff And most tlmel y- Even if y° u haven't your summer supply you'll be as anxious to share these values as we were to get them
MlSnlrf here for you t0 share * Hundreds to choose from. Selling will be quick. We ask you not to wait.
j \ mlWiW Some of them in the picture. See how pretty they are and how new and stylish.
IM^^ra^Mlf/ THE firs t pkice 65c. ' A <i§iiiiilp
\l\ V^l/ fl PiWW?<zM±\ ¦ \ ¦¦¦'¦¦W^Xml For ». dainty lawn waist, good material, double box pleats down the front, even trimmed with 2J X»SSlSrS to2?e/2nd pU^oSltyte, 8
\l V JW 'I 'I nlfflV$ 1'\?MPJl A Wl$^l1i%.ffll Hamburg embroidery and insertion. Soft crush collar, full sleeves. It's the best waist we have are trimmed with heavy lace. Figure. See how
VV% \^^MJYm^l^Mm^^lMl^W I CVCr Had tO Sdl at 65C> MaybC thCy wiU laSt aU thrOUgh to-«orrow. but we can't promise Se C w.™"So£Slt 5 «d ™u wU? iLSerVan^*
V^^/i^^ffiSiS? W^^-^^fe^\il®raBr^^ WS\ I At 75 °— Lawn w^sts that have that Louis XV col- At $1.65— Lawn waists, with yoke and handkerchief size of the value.
\^M*/|ffiW i \ffkf $<B$ffllV IlMnmW$ tZZffl W lar " They>re waists of sheer lawn, tucked and capes that give that stylish broad shoulder ef- Af Ct OH • Wi-k»-fk Ct CO
P&£sr@£& \ Wp&k I beautifully finished with lac© insertion. feet, made with Valenciennes lace: stylo that At sM.^U. VV 01111 £> 1 . ) U
JBn^S^l^ill^r i»5ffl»5^jfffl*£3?/ iM^S I ' buttons down the back. Others at J1.75 and Another erea.t value: Beautiful lawn waists
M\\ Wfmm mf JWWMlWr 8^ V At J«0-©otted Swiss waI 8tS .umm« favorite,. ,2.25. Prices that mean more now than ever be- c^tch SttctwihS
ih.i i.hj rJWUnil.imw^/ ,#*'»r^l— — ¦ — — — ¦— — « trimmed with Valenciennes insertion. They're tha fore this season. This is to be a great waist Others with laco yoke and lars© handkerchief
„ coolest and prettiest we've seen.* . week. Great waist values will make it. cape; button ln th© back.
Mistakes? Hundreds of Yards a it f\ ttfm Ct\+i*€*r*£± Cttfi-aitlQ. Linen Bargains.
"I don't care to meet theman — m j^ wr CZZll^^ AX~ \T~~A i^ 11 V ' Ur WUrLCUHS There is no other word that
who has never made a mistake, J DC TailCy OllKS, 4J>C Varfl At New Prices This Week. tells their importance strong
for such an infallible individual Less than we would have to pay ordinarily. * Now is the time to buy new curtains, to get the best and «»
/we likrfo never made anvthine A , clo^ k man takes the loss. He overestimated his capacity, overcalctt-. prettiest and to save money. 64-inch damask 45c yard*
ha likely nezer made anything ri= o ff .and^ he was all -toj hg L |n3 3yc p £ in pai j gjg, an p™
So says H. McCaulay. of yards of these pretty fancy silks on hand. He Jg^ 53^^^?!^^^^ baSSS foVma^y- ¥&% Bleached damask 5 2C yard :
Ever think about it? It's , Sold ThCITl tO US St Si LOSS *" rCady f ° r thC reapCf to - morrow - Let's look at prices: Xt'a^Unea. e« In. wide; wgulmr
just as true of stores as it is „ M M zr^'i *. ,* ? * t^ » , • 45c Curtains at 37c pair. 40c Curtains at 29c pair. rtu^fht-A /iam«t. sier mrA*
c He needed every bit of money he could get for Fall work. Ju , t 220 tmir« nfthn.. n *^ ia«««* en n! .iro «f n i o in «wi«« rurtnlnii 26 -Dieacnea aamaSK 05C yara:
mistake thev ever made' Aren't 7«;c Colored Voiles at 45c. Black o»a«e«, soo ya^-Resuiar 11.00 $1.15 pair — Fish Net Curtains. yds. long. 40 in. wide, including xuf- Napkins at 98c dozen:
you want? Do yin get a quick ant uvjr. Such » prlc. for .uch . ,ike It Th" will ? :'£ 1? tat Swi 5 S Net Curtains. Sbta d g}"cJ»' = b? a u°.d ra £"'fw'le'nih Turkish towels l8c:
delivery, prompt, eager service? seasonable stuff shows Hales dress ter to-morrow. Save Just a half. Big reduction. Made of ths best from 30 to 50 in. wide. 8 l-3o each. Larg© size, pure white with red
Think it over. %?&£££%&£ %1 ™ * uallty ' eo wIde « lfl 75 ° y(L Kfia?. "X&Z %&%&£? tS Figured Art Silkoline 8 i- 3 c. ' Sty S*SS£ henuaed: heaTy 25 °
Then think Of the Hale ,„ t » p ; 30 soft and airy. 45c Other Silk NeWS JlSf^uallty now U.45; ,2.00 quality LZtV£i£; P £Z?le£iir fiSS Turkish t0^' el3 ***?
Store. lhe bounding, eager yard instead or 75c. Crtp« de OWn*. 45o ya—lfi another lot now J1.75; J2.50 quality now 51.95; J3.00 for comforter coverings. Regular Unbleached, size 20x40. 15o qual-
life it is filled with; think of the * - -d-uki- e,,:«4.,,«, r«^ v 9^ of that splendid 75c quality, all col- quality now $2.35. 10c and 12%c grades at 8 l-3c. Ity at 12 fc c.
quantities of new goods that are * 1 - 00 Pebble . buitings, 50c Yara. ors lfjM &n& yeUoWf 2i ln _ . ,
coming in every day. Think of Just half price. It's good quality. wide. If it goes as quickly as the .
the deliveries, the quick tele- 45 inches wide. It's that hard crisp last lot did. don't wait till day after , \3 tYI fo frit A £±fl £kC* I*-M *%S\««4-<1 *\+ ' A Story In White.
phone service, the satisfaction you yet light and cool summer stuff that to-morrow. ¦¦. EITlDrOIQCriCS 111100^13.111 j, , D .J ,. r .
set here makes up so prettily. See the range Black Taffeta, 40o yd^— It's a raro value. Mr m •**»* ¦• Read Between the Lines
Did vou ever think that it is of color8: tan> cadet « "^ w blue - re " 21 ln - wlde . a rich, deep black, good That one word— and women know what to expect. They know a_j m .i._ t L._- „.,„„
u\a you eicr minK tnai k is d cardinal, garnet, brown, ma- luster, but you won't guess the qual- ?»,„ ,,fl,, o1 ,,1n.c O «f U,1« ~™K,-^;,J,>.. 0-1 0 ,f, , ,. ; . . Ana niaKe tnese values
through mistake:, that this store rlnet royal> navy b i ack . 6 oc in- ity unui you see it. 24 in. wide; 76o th ,^ unusualness of Hale embroidery sales. We dont need to count foras much as you Vfiu
is what it is to-day? That its Btead of ji.oo. . yd.; 27 in. wide. 70c yd.; 36 in. wide, tell them they Will TVi^v wiMl mM n m«r/» w U-«
mistakes are making it better Ji.io yd. t-\'ivt f'i -"ir : :i-x • lney will mean more when
everyday? 24-la. Fean de Soie«, 60o y<L— Deep vel- . P^V l\Pr5riV HpJIT PriTP you See them in the Store.
"Mistakes Corrected." That's Cmmoi. Rlart fnnHc vety black, good firm quality. Others £ ¦ , . X -^ lcl11 » «^v- Striped dimity, 12Ho yS^-Fine sheer
, , ,»r M t. , aumnicr DlctCtv vil'UUS at 65c. 75c, 85c. 95c Every one bet- For the very daintiest edgings. But we do want to tell them there are quality for summer dresses, 32 In.
¦X S ?2 r * ttI J a Remember the widths when comparing ter value than you will pay higher hundreds of fresh new pieces, making thousands of yards. Fine dainty * M \ 1 , 2%C 7<L M a
without them Unless we dropped « . lceB wlth . oth ers. prices for elsewhere. sets; pretty patterns in one lot you can match with wider ones in e l- n
into a sluggish, old-fashioned way p yd^Splendld 75c Ja ? S*"' ™° y^f^ 7 T\ t 0t other lots; Dainty Blind' Stitch, Applique and Teneriffe wheel ideas; 7 * 2oC
AnTwe Wt coin e back a Z™™ S « Inches clo'th "dhSnl^S the very styles you want and the very styles you expect to pay full mala lion., la^c yd_40 in. wide;
,. An V,.^ e . ar . cnt gOing , back a of summer, queen of dress goods; !_T» T makes such sensible mmZ prices for. Here at yearly half price. . white embroidered waist patterns.
bit Watch the way we ve grown makcs sucn autlful cllnglng , flow . S,t. Ir . Sal* a! SS Onc can>t hcl P bein 8 with the importance of six-store buying 'Vt^^^tri^.n^" 3 ! 3^ 5 ° f
Sobiblv be Ca i r ust Is fuH r °o a f m?s ln - g Bklrt f; *$T f weaV * S an ,f < he g «^er advantages it brings. Just a word as to prices. Their SSfftffJSSSSL 1 "' ia U ™'
probably be just as iull oi mis- lt ' S exceptionally low priced. Women like it for vacation or outing full importance won't be felt till you see what they stand for in the
takes as that we ve left behind, 85c quality. 44 inches, at 60c yd. wear. Think of getting it at 30c store.
but not the same ones. We'll cor- $1.00 quality, 50 Inches, at 65o yd. yard! Other qualities to 85c yard. „.,,„.. • e^»nn ci,«»*» j a~
rect them all. Every one we cor- x°C Worth 15c and 16 2-3C. 18c Yard, Worth 30c and 35c 54x90 bfieetS, 44C
rect means a better store for you Cambric edgings. 3 to 5 Inches wide. Beautiful Ideas in cambric edgings TT«»r«.'« » c », f n i n , »L, f .»,:-».
rc*.L nidus a ucuci «u c lur you. wlth dalnty lnaertlons t0 match; 1 and flounces for skirts and corset Here s a star value that shines
Keep your eyes on Hales. •{— — — ~ ~ an^ 1% inches wide. covers. 5 to 13 inches wide, and ln- brightest of all for many. Its
Free FyrOgrapny LeSSOnS sertions 2 and S Inches wide. another bargain big buying
T" r» r»*i_i- Are growing larger every week. Skilled instructor to teach you how to burn I2j^C Yard, Worth 20C and 25c. 25c Yard, Worth 4OC and 5OC. brings.
I WO Ureat KibDOnS those pretty designs in wood or leather. Register to-morrow. If you haven't Cambric edgings. 4 to 8 inches wide Beautiful designs in nainsook, swiss Women know Hale beddings, know
r~ T r> ¦ , **¦ t_ an outfit we have a tested one we are selling at $1.35. lowest price weve a nd insertions 1% inches wide, open and cambric, from edgings 6 inches their high standard, know that, no
i ZVO L.OZV rrtCCS tO Make a heard of. " . and blind stitch and applique pat- wide to handsome flounces 18 inches matter If prices are down, quality
c ,- «5" — — — '?' terns. wide. Is up always; that this 44c sheet is
o ri*. " j^^» _,^^, one of the rarest values of the
Madras, Cheviots, Oxfords and , _ , __ ' . .. . ,. . t J , at 15c- a 64x3« *at 17%c. S P
Percales in medium, light and v Fortune favors Hqlers again and brings us all an importers
dark effects, a big variety ,of . <X
cX, .others he with h cu V ffs aUached! . t^XQ U \S\ XC l/E flS DHU Wll 1 0.E Growbg.
All sizes, 14 to 17. JT JL , v . . . . .
Men's Sox, i2j^c Pair. Advance samples; not old styles or old decorations, but brand-new 1904 pieces. There will be the biggest chinaware stir of day. tnenas cveT ?
Bfa^ks^and lans. y fine French lisle the season starting to-morrow morning, when women learn we are going to sell them Our Mr iL Morrm. m. m. is
seamless half hose, made right up . ' , ' i , • Buccessfuliy and without pain remov-
to the mark in every way. . . "J / j v . TT*t 1/ T^fc --1 - ¥^ • Ing warts, moles and superfluous hair
&«£!&¦£&, -— t >^ M i» At y<2 and Less Than yy, Regular Prices -as? sss «"&!»« ttOT .
————— . * ¦** * - mm *f • selves of the advantages we are of-
c : 1 M I <^ >ne vcry P' eccs an( * patterns and styles you will choose from later Table after table full on the third floor all ready for starting to-mor- ferine. Consultation and expert ad-
3peciai iYlUSiC when regular stocks come in, and gladly pay double what you will pay row morning. vice free. -
11517 ' Tu " day " d Wcd * TThese are the samples an importer used to take orders for this self- D P^> Jugs, Creamers,- Pitchers, Sugar and Cream Sets; Tea w It Y 0 d
\, *n *-* eame regular stock that is coming later. They had served their purpose. Pots, Sugar and Cream Sets; Bread and Butter Plates, Travs for I, , -. * . . JL. m
At 18C Copy But he didn't, put them on open sale. He let Hate's know quietfy about ,; rf f trinkets, Syrud Pitchers Cracker OT Biscuit JSthS^ySSSSJ? MaybeV*
Rogers Bros/ song hitti them - This six-store buying is no small factor with him, and when he " ie Sg?y^ I ' ,' rweners, yraater OT iSlSCUlt ha £ e «h of July shoppta*- to 5* Ct
••Br the sveamore Tree- can show us a favor hc does lt - Last ycar we & ot hl3 I00 3 samples. Jars, Salad or Berry Bozvls, Celery Trays, Olive and Pickle Dislies us do !t for l OVL We nav ® ex ? e rta
•^een%?^e ra Bun£foV (Maybe vou shared the values then. Remember that great fancy china Chob Dishes Cake Plates and Chnrnint/pnt* ~ Sou^th^wer/buyto-^oi^m 3
"Trouble of Reuben and the Maid." sale? This one is greater yet.) * . UHOp UlSnes, K,ORe nates ana LflOCOlate^OtS, selves: ouyvi m ror tfcea-
— — — — Designs are prettier, variety is greater. When you see how much And all at 7orices* l ¦
_-. mmj- ~mm ; " . ,. there is, how beautiful and how far ahead of anything now in the mar- / F •
i&fcgS&fiS/ *mt*. J&y ket, and realize that in all the hundreds there are not more than two or 1 Or* 1 O ACr» QH/v **++A f\S~ fj£-fl£xnr Sm _ . et _^.
##^^®«S' three alike, and that prices are half and less than half that you will pay *vW, 1 O^j AJt, UUt, OUC HHU VOC
M£/ J&Ls^^_ -^ later, you will certainly not fail to share the opportunity. Firh nrir*» r«>nrp<;i>nt« n rVinncinrr ,.nti !,,,.„ „« ;j«_ u ' Jar _^rPr_ ]**'**'' **^ ***^^3** '
-*££?Z0 goo*2~^ T/ isn . t that coarse, heavy ware, but light, delicate, dainty stuff women p . acn p , nc^ re P r csents a choosing you have no idea of here. J% f>§S$Fo5o5*^
¦¦>-•¦¦• ~~"~ -^"^ love to pick from and to buy, that adds so much beauty and refinement f ut " y° u have y our mind set on a particular thing, don't wait too *' SSS^^
Market Street, near Sixth. to the table. long. Market 'Street, near Sixth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Luuiir nm j _m_i_n_r
A $9 mink for $6
It f s ftne of our special offers
for exposition and vacation
travel. If you need a trunk,
bag or dress suit case, see our
line before you make your
purchase.
A. B. SMITH CO.
128 Ellis Street, AbOYePowell.