' After this tragic end of my father, a
great and rapid change took place In
my mother. Her noble Semitic face be
came shrunken and sallow and wrin
kled, and her soft bright eyes, dimmed
with weeping, lost their gentla luster.
I— Ail- EE3TT ALONB IN" THB
. . WORLD. .
CHAPTER IL
, Recalling this little old town and' th*
names by which I was known there, the
past bursts before, me .like a shell.' and
my jmlnd fills with memorable events of
my early life. ". Some qf these .events are
However, as a hint to lovers of
chronological - research,- 1 state' that in
the place where I first saw light, the
famous Corsican. In his escape from
cold Russia, is said to have changed
horses. So, after all, my native town
deserves a place In the 'world's history
almost' as important 'as ' that accorded
to Austerllts. ' For ! if chance had or
dained otherwise .and' the great con-
Queror had not found speedy, trotters In
my birthplace,: think what a change In
the nineteenth century!
' But enough of the Corsican. Let me
return to the Lithuanian, however dis;
parading to the warrior. As the reader
will presently learn,' "my" name, ,Ylsroel
(the Hebrew for Israel), ha«l many'va
riations. Its' diminutive was Ishrolke,
which for convenlerco sake was short
ened to Shrolkt. This my schooima««s
thought still too long, so my name
among. them was. ShroIL Frequently I
was .endearingly .called Ylsroltchikle,
Isroltchlck "or Isrolkel*. .
short, but for the last, old, ulrty, leth
argic, typically Lithuanian. -' " '
CHAPTER L
I LOSE MY. FATHER.
*y"t 3 1 dip my pen to begin the nar
f I rative of my. life, the heavy cur
\^ I tain of time rises and scenes of
JL ecrly childhood crowd my mem
ory. I am back again In far
awny lJ.\\<f±?.'.z.\ and I see, as clearly
as the paper' before me, my native
town with all .its QioTal squalor.. It is
one of the commonplace, insignificant
Lithuanian towns; -with thatched' log
houses set alocg* unpaved muddy
elrcets and Etenchy alleys; with a
*\ ealher-worn brick eynagosue and a
hish-peaked old Greek church; with a
ruinous public bath-house and awell
zortlfled jail; with a pond ia 'which
boys and cows alternately bathe in
summer and on which the former skate
in winter; with a tall black cross
standing somberly In the center of the
market-place; with a hissing * water
mill (which is regularly flooded every
Eprir.gr) at one end of the town, and a
long-armed windmill (which almost as
regularly burns down every winter) at
the other end; with * encompassing,
t bluish-green forests, waving, .wbeat
ttiCa, and blossoming ' orchards— In .
father, pausing: only now and then to
point out t to me the illustrations of the
ten plagues, and that of Pharaoh sink
ing into the" sea. At the sjght of thesf
.pictures I clapped my hands in gleeful
satisfaction' over the punishment thi3
tyrant, the oppressor of my forefathers,
•had/ received from the mighty hand of
Jehovah.
.* But' the ' happiness 'we felt was not
•unmixed; with* it there was some-hld
'den' sorrow.' Mybrother Joseph, -who
'was .about twelve years my senior, was
absent from" the"lable:'t' There had al
ways been some differences between my
father ''and him, and of late the breach
-widened -on 'Account of /'my - brother's
Intimacy 'with- the sledevatel (a Russian
officer- filling the position of our* Grand
Jury, and - 1 hat of the' Coroner) . against
¦. whom ' myy father held a number ¦ of
overdue promissory : notes. '¦ However,
despite the ' rupture/ my' mother enter
tained an. unspoken hope that he come
home this night to join In the passover
feast; <and when, later in the evening,
there came .a sound of steps without,
she rose ' eagerly and whispered:
•"Joseph is coming." I - - .
' "If Js not Joseph's' step," ray father
answered gloomily. ¦ '- - ' - • •*. * - -
'" A moment later the', door | opened and
two- ofQcers entered. • My 1 father 'rose
. and saluted them in a courteous though
hesitating manner.' "What 'brings you
to my. house at this hour,* Feodor Ivan
owltehTf * my- father asked'of the" bu
per«oT-o«cet.- '^- -•¦> */*Kr "
.vague apd fragmentary, like half-for
gotten dreams, and others stand out
most vividly, ; as if ; they had occurred
but ' yesterday.' How I remember the
passover of .my .fifth, year. It appears
to me like a cloud with a silvery seam,
ij The day before this passover was the
happiest of my. childhood. I see- myself
standing on the long, balustered porch,
watching a bird that skipped from pop
lar to poplar In front of my.- father's
house.- *The thick Ice that had covered
the earth for more' than five months
had almost: entirely; melted,'; and was
flowing In broad crystal streams and
bubbling" beneath- a fine glacial sheet
which .was -not as yet washed away.
'Here and there the bits, of. bare earth,
like so many tiny Islands, looked black
and spongy, and' were" slowly drying
under the piercing glances of. the sun."
But I - was soon . lured - Into the house;
the .rattling of dishes fell, on my ears
like sweet music. I ran into the kitch
en. ¦( All' the dishes and cooking, uten
sils that had been used during the year
were j carried " to j the attic, \ and > new
plates, pots and pans, which -had laid
packed in hay since the preceding pass
over, were- . cleansed i and < . polished.,
. .While these preparations were . being
made X wa. runnl** about the house In
boisterous mirth, and- In -my repeated ,
efforts to make myself* useful, I broke,
sundry-, articles. .\ My i mother < scolded
softly, and, smiling all the 'while, gen
tly removed . me from the. servants', way] ¦
To . hide . xny embarrassment • I :. dipped ¦
- came the Seder— the ' ceremony
of the first evening of passover.- Our
dining-room . was j illuminated by scores
of candles stuck in antique' chandeliers
'hung 'fromrthe'ceiling.'' At the head of
the table : sat , my • father,- robed- In { a
white shroud-like garment, leaning; on
his left arm and reading from a book.
Ah embroidered skull cap was. tilted on
the; back of his head, leaving bare his -
high and broad, smooth forehead; and
his genial ; countenance was beaming
with good humor and happiness as he
glanced at his small family. As I now
think of it, It seems to me that I could
read his very thoughts as he passed' his
fingers % through his ; black ,beardr."B*i
hold, .? thus shall man* be blessed that*
feareth 1 the Lord."* '. '¦* •¦ '*.-.¦« -.\ j ¦> : -.. -•:¦¦
• ¦ My with diamonds-' twinkling ¦
In her. ears,. read, the Hagodo (the tale
of Israel's bondage and"exodas) as fast ,
as ! she could In order : to catch up srtth
the new , tumbler into the ''Passover
tank" and swallowed a mouthful of 'the
delicious "passbver water." Thenlmy
father appeared in ,the doorway , and
said:. ."Come, .my,, child; Is' have ; some
thing nice" for you." L followed him to
'the adjoining room, where I was pre
sented ; with : > an ' Arba-Kanfas, ' the
fringes of which : my father-had taken
great delight in tying In the traditional
knots and 'twists.* As he/ handed* me
this -"four-corner" garment he said in
Hebrew:"Wear It that ye may remem
ber, Vnd do all my commandments and
be holy unto* your God." ..¦•*• .-• ' '
THIS'b f£e Erst Installment of
**rtc Fugitive," a new .novel
by Ezra S. Bradno, which has
ke*a completed less than three
month*, bot which has already be
coae cae of the most talked of
bootai ia both Europe and America
beeatxse of the masterful way it de
picts the life' cf the Jews both in Ru»
sia and Near York, ' and which Mr.
Somers, the head of the book depart
ment at the Emporium, declares will
be one of the biggest telling books of
the year. ,
It will be published complete in five
installments, and in order to, make its
appearance all the more notable, Mr.
Bert Levy, Just arrived from Aus
tralia, has been specially commis
sioned to remain in San Francisco and
illustrate it lavishly from beginning to
end in his best style, exclusively for
the Sunday Call.
Mr. Levy, who is himself a Jew, is
one of the best Jcnown artists in the
Antipodes. For over ten years he
was connected with the Sydney Bul
letin, one of the largest papers in the
colonies, where he made himself fa- ;
mous for his pictures depicting the
Jewish character, -¦while: for the last
four years he has* 1 been qri the staff
of The Age, published fcy the miilti
• millionaire, David ' Syrries, in- Mel
bourne, \vhere he gained even greater
prominence for his cartoons of fa
mous men in general, as well as for
the able articles from his pen which
accompanied all his drawings. At the
same 4ime he is known professionally
as a .pupil of one of the best scenic
artists'; that has ever, painted for the
big theaters in Australia, f ¦-
Thus under the. Sunday Call's lib
eral and progressive literary policy of
giving- its readers the very latest high
class' literature by the t>est writers of
the day, there has been secured not
only a- brand nc.w novel, by a writer
who is said to have laid bare the in
ner secrets of his own life in "The
Fugitive," but the art work of a man
equally famous from, another far. dis
tant quarters of the globe, both
brought, together for the first time in
one edition to picture the sorrows
and sufferings, the v ideals and the his
tory of their own, race,- as- well as to,
reveal thesecret of the cause and the
effect of they- ceaseless ' persecution
through the ages. ; .;
My father did not say a word; he
raised his hand to ' his forehead and
'emitted' a' deep r groan. . A" minute or
.more of silence ensued, during which
! my father looked as if he were strug
gling'to regain 'his wits. He cast, a
dazed, helpless glance at mother, then
'at me." , '
The gendarmes interchanged commu
nicative signs; then one of them said
gruffly: '"Come, you'll have to hurry!"
My father fell on my mother's neck
and wept bitterly, and after pressing
me to His breast and wetting my cheeks
with his tearful kisses, he raised his
hands heavenward and cried: "My en
emies have set a trap for me, but the
Infallible ; Judge knows my heart—
knows my Innocence. He will not see
Justice perverted."
The.. officers xnade.no reply, but led
him' away bowed and sobbing.* And all
that night; 4 1 remember, we sat there
beside. the richly* spread table, ' I holding
'closely , in my mother's ' arms and she
moaning convulsively all the while.
' My father was not .the* only one ar
rested 1 ' that " night . ' Nine, of ,the oldest
and' most- prominent 'members of tho
Jewlsh - community*' were also | thrown
My mother burst .Into tears . and
•wrung her hands hysterically; and I,
though comprehending . no real '. cause
.for grief, joined in her walling,
g The officer drew a^ writ from his,up
turned ' sleeve," and 'after" reading the.
caption and legal rigmarole he recited
in a firm voice: "You ) Yudel Abramo
witch, are* hereby accused and must an
swer to the charge of being complicated
in' the ritual murder of Andrew, a
Ch'ristianlchild."
My father paled at the glance. Now
as I write I can see him before me,
robed in a loose white shroud, a fearful
stare in his shrewd blue eyes, his right
hand clutching the girdle around his
loins as he staggered back a step or
two.- I clung to my mother's skirt and
looked at the gendarmes In trembling
fright.
"Really, Yudel Abramowltch,** said
the superior of # the two gendarmes, "It
Is the most unpleasant duty of my life
to be compelled to read an Indictment
to you." Aiv he turned bis eyes away
from my father's.
"An indictment! Against me?" my
father cried. '
My mother trembled perceptibly, ana
said to my father In ? an undertone:
"Something must have happened to
Joseph."
"I am on a bad errand this evening."
was the short reply of the gendarme*
given with- a look which made plain
that it was not my brother who was
the occasion cf the visit.
into JatI on the tarns diary*. And th«
following morning the startling fact
was learned that my brother Joseph
and a peasant who had one* been my
father's coachman wera . th» prosecu
ting witnesses* The prlxna fad* evl
denco was strong •nougrh without their
testimony, as the body of the murdered
child had been found hidden In the ark
among the scrolls of the law. Special
mass was held a nnmlxr of times, and
fasts were proclaimed, but even the
most hopeful could see bo relief for my
father, since his own flesh and blood
testified against him. •» if
Little of consequence- happened Im
mediately after my father's Imprison
ment. My brother never cam* back
to us; and I learned from our servants
that he was living with the sledevatel
and that he was going to be baptized
and marry his niece, who was reputed
one of the handsomest girls In our vi
cinity. In our house everything looked
dreary and forsaken: my mother went
about- with a grief -stricken face* tha
servants walked on tiptoe* and every
body who visited us seemed but to en
hance our sadness. Our. most frequent
visitor was Mr. Nlcholaleff. a lawyer,
to whom my mother occasionally gav*
a roll of money, which ho' would pocket
without counting, and always' with ,th»
remi rk . that he hoped to be abla to
"grease the official paws."
, Months rolled by. and still no definite
time'was set' for. the trial of the pris
oners. «* The prospects of; their release
brightened, however, when a rumor
started that my brother had, run away
to. parts unknown. A fast was-pro
claimed, cud ! the lawyer, ¦ Nlchotaleff.
got another big . roll of money with,
which to "grease ¦ the official paws."
Then, when everything looked promis
ing, we were stricken down' with <tho
report .that my father had been found
hanging In his cell. and. what was still
more terrible, that he had left -a
written confession of his sole guilt.
The other, prisoners were Instantly re
leased. To us who still believed to my
father's Innocence the mystery of the
ritual murder became-' darker and
darker; and the bitterest gloom. setUed
closer and" closer about my mother and
me.' V. '*'¦'. :*: ;';
The Sunday Call Magazine
THE FUGITIVEEphralm, but .the everwatchful Shlom
ka caught h<"* in the act, and rising
Impetuously he rewarded the sympa
thiser unsparingly.
"Nu, Ephralm," Bhlomka resumed.
when he had given the other his due
meed, "how long will I wait for you,
dummy? What is Rav Bhaaes's (one of
the Talmudlo Jurists) decision— tender
discharges the debt or not?**
I thought the teacher was trying- te
help him out.
"It does not discharge the debt," an
swered Ephralm.
Bang! bang! bang! The knotted stick
rose and fell on the head of the boy
Jurist, and Gazlen emphasized each
stroke: "It— is— about— time— for — you
—to— know— that— according— to —
Rabbi— Chlye— the — debt —Is— not —
discharged— and — according— to— Rav
— Shaaes— the— debt— Is— discharged."
The rest of the day I spent in fearful
thought as to what would become of
me. At about eight In the evening
years my senior and possessed more
self-reliance than I, and he had what
seemed to me an extensive knowledge
of the world. Ha was a ruddy, cheery
boy, tall for his a**, with a large crop
of curly hair and a very prominent
white forehead. In this Institution of
swarthy, sickly. Ill-formed, ill-dressed
doys Ephralm looked exotlo.
When the evening advanced and the
sexton began to put out the lights In
the synagogue Ephralm asked me
where I had my Tuesdays.
I told him.
"You are pretty lucky,** he said
somewhat enviously, with a smack of
his lips. "Only the very best boys in
the class or the gabbal's (president's)
favorites get such 'days' (here he
smacked hla lips again)— meat for din
ner, eggs for supper, and frequently
five copecks extra," He looked wist
ful a few seconds, then he added:
"And where do you get your Wednes-^
days and Thursdays?"
with a large colored handkerchief, all
the while panting audibly.' "And all on
account of . this snot," he burst out
again, with his eyes fixed on me. "You
go there." He pointed' to the 'Other
end of the room. "You belong to the
other class."
Arranging v my disordered clothes,
find sobbing brokenly, I dragged my
self to the other end of the room.
The class to which I was assigned
was known as the Gemoro (Talmud)
section. The Gemoro schoolmaster
took In my tear-stained face with a
single stern glance and ordered me to
a seat opposite him at the foot of the
long table. I ' shivered, as my eyes
caught his. Gorple was a harmless fly
as compared with this instructor. His
name was Shlomka, but he. like his as
sociate, was known by • his habits, so
he was called Gazlen, whose colloquial
significance was murderer.
"Motke!" roared Gazlen, gnashing
hia teeth and clenching his fists. This
exclamation was an admonishment to
one of the twenty-two boys of his class
who had whispered something to his
neighbor.
"Go on!" Shlomka ground his teeth
furiously at one who had been inter
rupted in his recitation.
The poor boy, much confused, could
not find the place where he left off.
"Would that I had waited for your
funeral, Hebcnu-Bhel-Olam (Creator of
the universe)! Why don't you go ahead
with your lesson, you little imp?"
Gazlen's cold gray eyes moved about
wrathfully as the poor little fellow was
endeavoring to find the right place.
Then they came back to the boy, and
he clenched his teeth and seized the
knotty stick that lay handy for use.
"You go on, little devil, or I'll drive
you like a nail into the wall— a— get!"
He burst out anew, brandishing the
stick over the boy's head.
The embarrassed pupil searched In
vain for the desired spot; his eyes, I
surmised, were dancing ov.er the page
without seeing a word before him.
"Would that I had waited for your
last breath. Heavenly Father!" And
with this Gazlen gave the student a
box on his ear. The pupil, however,
did not betray a sign of pain; his beau
tiful expressive face grew scarlet, but
a faint smile parted his well-shaped
lips.
Gazlen raised the stick and made as
if to strike the boy. "Ephralm. you
will proceed or 1*11 break this stick on
your head."
One of the pupils. mads an effort to
point the place to the unfortunate
The schoolmaster released his victim
and seized me. My hands were twisted
behind me. I shrieked; I struggled; I
shouted for help; my face went down,
up, and down again;. one button of my
breeches burst, another rolled down In
to my sock; I was overpowered; I felt
my back bare; I protected -with my
hands— then cut! cut! cut! the thongs
came down upon my bare skin at the
rate of two a second, and— thank God!
Gorgle was again exhausted. "Now
you'll know. how to mind' your, teach
er!" he panted and released me.
"Take your seats!" he ordered ln>a
tremulous voice, turning upon the
class. "I'll flay the hides off your car
casses, you rascals, villains, you
worthless creatures! Your benefactors
pay their hard-earned money for your
tuition and bread, and In the end, you
leeches, you"— he paused for want of
an appropriate word— "you dont care
who pays me to drum God's words In
to your blockheads. He! (This to him
self.) I'll teach them how to behave In
Talmud-Torah." - . . .
> He wiped the perspiration off his face
The schoolmaster placed his recov
ered cap on his head, and without say
ing a word he motioned the boys on
one of the benches to get off it and
move it aside. The miserable culprit
divined his fate and began scratching
his head and crying. Still silent, Gor
gle striked the thongs in water for a
few minutes, all the while casting re
vengeful glances at the whining little
fellow. When he thought the r heavy
straps soft enough, he took the handle
of the thongs between his teeth and
seizing the screeching victim by the
loose part of his tattered breech<?s he
clasped him between his bony knees
and stripped him half-naked, gasping
as he was struggling with his pupil:
"I'll show you how to mock your
teacher!" Then Gorgle threw the
screaming urchin upon the bench, and
motioning to me said: "Hold his feet."
I felt helpless and tears rushed to my
eyes; the: boya looked at me threaten
ingly; I shivered with fear and fin
gered a buttonhole of my coat.
"You hold his feet. I say!" com
manded Gorgle. My reply was a
flood of tears. -
"Will you do what I tell you or—"
He made a threatening gesture.
I did not budge and my tears flowed
faster. • .
an ox. and several more whistled In
chorus and stamped their feet while
Gorgle's head was moving about under
¦the table in search of his wedding
present. ' ' • ' .1
One of those who sat farthest away
from the instructor,- taking advantage
of a moment when the schoolmaster's
back was turned, put his thumb to the
point of his snub nose, and spreading
his fingers in the shape of a turkey's
tail made big eyes at me. This wel
come caught the notice of the class,
and all Joined In a sniffling, mocking
chuckle.
"Who started -this laughter?", thun
dered the stoop-shouldered, red-beard
ed schoolmaster, turning around
quickly. He looked with fierce inquiry
into each poverty-stamped face.
A sudden hush fell Upon the pupils.
"Who- started this giggling, I ask
you?" repeated Gorgle, picking up the
leather thongs that lay at his elbow.
The silence became even more in
tense.
"Who laughed first, I demand of
you?" he shouted with more vehe
mence. >
The little wretches turned pale and
trembled with fright. A long-drawn
snore broke the dreadful silence. AH
faces turned in the direction of the
slumberer. The snub-nosed boy who
had made fun of me a little while be
fore sat with his head thrown back,
the visor of his torn cap dangling
loosely alongside his right ear, his
hands resting on the table before him,
and snored as naturally as if he were
dreaming of Jacob's ladder.
The teacher descended *( upon the of
fender and furiously swung the pliant
thongs about the head, face, and bands
of the little Jester. When he had so
exhausted himself that he could flog:
no longer, he threw the thongs upon
the table and collapsed in his chair,
ghastly pale and out of breath.
His stormy eyes lighted upon me.
"Why are you standing there like a
clay dummy'"
Terrified by his fierce voice, I quickly
sat down upon the edge of a long
bench. My tears once more nearly
overflowed.
Notwithstanding the severity of Gor
gle's punishment, the snub-nosed Jester
was not yet subdued. As I sank trem
bling upon the bench he looked at me
and bleated like a young sheep. The
class, having recovered from its fright,
again roared with laughter. The
schoolmaster turned white; a cloud
seemed to overspread his . hollowed
cheeks and furrowed' forehead. Like
an enraged cat he started for the wag,
but as he raised the thongs his velvet
skull-cap, which (as I was afterward
Informed) had been given to him as a
wedding-present a score of years be
fore, slipped off his head and fell to
the, floor. Another laugh broke out at
sight of the glossy pate of the master,
which was exposed In all Its fullness as
he stooped to recover the cap. As he
arose the greasy head-gear dropped
from his nervous hand, and the laugh
ter grew more uproarious. "Snub- .
nose" bleated again, another pupil
mewed like a cat, another lowed like
"Silence! Silence!" Gorgle shouted,
aroused by the general din, and rolled
his eyes -threateningly.
For an Instant my attention left the
teacher and fastened upon the boys
around the nearest table, who were
showing a peculiar interest in me.
Some were rolling their eyes and pro
jecting lips, others were- thirustinr out
their tongues, and still others were
twisting their faces into ail sorts of
wry designs.
"Find one!" ordered Gorgle, stretch
ing his neck awkwardly and rolling his
bulging eyes with Impatience.
The youngster hesitated, and his
searching eyes and fingers wandered
over the book before him. Finally he
pointed at the similitude of a goose
standing on one leg.
"And what do you call the one like a
worm with little wings?" ; ". ,
"An aleph," returned the boy.
I did not leave my place by the. door
where he had left me.. I was naturally
very shy, and the appearance of this
schoolmaster filled me with foreboding.
So, fearing to move. I stood nervously
against the wall, waiting till I was told
to take a seat.
"Zalmen,. what do you call the letter
with a head and neck of a goose stand
ing on one leg?" asked the teacher,
continuing with the lesson which our
entry had Interrupted. His name was
Oetzel, but he was better known as
Oorgle on aooount of his habit of con
stantly craning- his "gorgle," which is
Yiddish for larynx.
**A lamed (Hebrew "I"),** the boy
nearest him answered in a small pip
ing, tremulous voice.
I remained standing gloomily Just
within the door while the beadle carried
on a whispered conversation with one
of the teachers, who all the time was
blinking his watery-blue eyes and
stretching bis neck, like a goose after
taking a mouthful of water. The room
in which I found myself was high and
spacious, but was most slovenly kept.
At each end stood two tallow-smeared
tables placed at right angles, and upon
crippled benches beside these sat boys
of all ages and sizes, their heads cov
ered. Dog-eared prayer-books and
tattered Bibles were promiscuously
scattered over the dirty floor. Coal
drawn caricatures and sketches dis
figured the once whitewashed walls,
now brown from age where not black
from charcoal; and wheels of spider
webs slightly oscillated around the cor
ners. The odor of mildew was almost
suffocating.
His talk with the teacher ended, the
beadle turned to me. "This will be
your school, Isroelchickle," he saFd
kindly; and then he bade me be good
and departed, leaving me to begin my
new Ufa.
The beadle had a quick step, and I
toddled along as fast as I could. At
the sight of the ancient-looking,
weather-worn, red-bi^ck synagogue,
with a rickety outside staircase that
led to the women's chapel, my heart
began to throb with premonitory fear,
for I knew that the womtn's chapel wag
also the Talmud-Torah. We pushed
our way through scores of ragged,
barefoot boys who were rolling in the
sandy yard below the sfalrs, and
struggled up the Btairway through
dozens of other little wretches who
laughed and shouted as they wrestled,
fought and played pranks upon each
other.
and a charitable house foT the poor was
commonly designated as the hekdesh
(sanctuary). So when "Jacob the bea
dle" came up to me a few days after
my mother's death and told me to go
with him to the Talmud-Torah. I un
derstood without a moment's hesitation
that I was going to be enrolled, not in
a theological seminary, as the name
might Indicate, but in the school for the
poor.
All our money and valuables had g one
to "grease the officials' paws," so at
my father's death we were literally
pennlles*. With the exception of our
Jarp.; house, which was heavily lncum
bcrcd, every possible means to main
tain our previous comfortable style of
living was exhausted. It is true, the
community wax kind enough to offer
her eorne assistance, but she cried
many days thereafter, and said she
would rather siarve than become an ob
ject of charity. Bo she bought a cow
and ecld iu« milk, and In order to make
both ends meet from time to time my
mother sold pieces of furniture from
cur home.
Thus autumn and winter passed and
sprint? came again. I was kept in a
private school, at the cost of how
much relf-dcnial on the part of my
mother I did not then unuerstand.
Uuv.ever. I noticed that my mother
grew weaker and weaker during this
time, and at length the took to her
bed.' Then there came an evening
which is as memorable to me as the
evening on which my father was torn
av.-ay from us. The sun had already
dipped into- the forest that encircled the
town; the stroke of the sexton's mallet
had Just sounded— the signal for "Eun-
Kt rervice"; and the shades were be
ginning to fall. I stood by the window
looking out into our bit of a garden;
from behind me there came frequently
the coughs and groans of my mother. J
"Yisroelke. my child." sounded the
feeble voice of my mother.
I turned and hurried to her bed.
There was scarcely a tinge of blood In
her emaciated cheeks; her dim eyes
were overrun with tears. I wondered
why she ehed tears; our neighbors had
been so good to us— had brought us
every morning boiled chicken, fresh
milk and flowers, and the beautiful
boxes and vials that stood on the
window-sill— and yet ?he wept!
"Kiss me, my darling."' she whis
pered.
I kissed her hand first, then rising on
tiptoe I prcrsrd my lips to her chin,
which wan moist from her weeping.
"I may soon go away." she said with
an effort, "and you will be left alone —
alone." Her spasmodic cough checked
her words.
I could not clearly see how she could
go away when 6he was scarcely strong
enough to move about.
"Here, my child." she resumed pain
fully a moment later, handing me our
Old Testament, dog-eared and yellow
with age, "keep this always with you.
This is all I can leave you. When you
pet older, my child, you will read it;
und when despair comes to you, you
will also read it and gain courage. This
is a!l your father had when he started
in life; this Is all you can leave to
your children, and this Is all they will
lfave to their offspring, to the end of
the race."
A peculiar look spread aver my
mother's countenance as she epoko
these enigmatic words; a magic luster
Beemed to brighten her dim ey«.
After resting a little while she con
tinued more easily, as if the. words she
had Just spoken had greatly relieved
her. "Yisroelke. if you ever meet your
brother"— there was a painful pause —
"remind him of this book. Let him
read these pages. He will learn that
there is nothing to be ashamed of in his
linkage, and will come back to our
fold."
Early the next morning I was wak
cnod by sobbing and walling. I raised
my head and glanced at my mother's
bed. It was empty. I dressed in haste
and hurried to the dining-room. In the
middle of the floor lay a figure, cov
ered with my mother's quilt. Two flar
ing candles stuck In our.silver candle
sticks stood at one end of It. Sitting
on the floor around the figure were sev
eral women, who constantly raised
their voices in lamentation: a number
of elderly women were measuring long :
strips of linen and 6titching them to
gether; and a score of boys chanted
psalms In a monotonous minor key.
I looked bewllderingly about the
room. Then affected rather by the gen
eral prief than by any definite realiza
tion of its cause, I burst Into tears and
wept bitterly.
At first no one tried to console me.
but wh^n the women had finished the
white garment an old man came up to
me and said: "Stop crying. Isroel
chlckle (this was his version of my
name), and come outside."
Outside there was also a crowd of
people. A little man moved through
the crowd crying "Zdokol Zdoko!" at
the highest pitch of his cracked mez
zo-soprano voice, at the same time
shaking a tin can that contained a few
rattling coppers. "Zdoko! Zdoko!" he
shrieked persistently: and the by
standers, as he passed them, dropped
coins of small value into the contribu
tion box that he shook beneath their
faces.
In response to a cry at the door,
those who stood nearest the porch
crowded back, and the figure I had
seen lying on the floor was carried out.
But as the pall-bearers were going to
lift the bier, one of the elders of the
community raised his hand to com
mand attention, and said in a grave
tone. "Rabaci (my superiors), now is
the time to do something for the
orphan."
All eyes were turned upon me. I
tried to control myself, but the tears
continued to flow against my will.
"To the best of my knowledge," the
venerable man continued, "the boy has
no relatives In whose care we can place
him. It is Incumbent upon the commu
nity to do all it can for him. until he Is
old enough to provide for himself. As
there Is not a penny left by his mother
I sugsest that the orphan be right now
supplied with 'days.' At my house he ',
will have Fridays and Saturdays."
Within a few minutes Sundays, Mon- i
days, Tuesdays, Wednesdays and i
Thursdays had been offered, and they ;
were one week.
The pall-bearers lifted their burden
and the procession started. A long :
train of men and women followed the j
bier with bowed heads, and a great
number of boys chanted mournfully: :
"Righteousness walks before her." Be
fore now I had vaguely understood on
what Journey my mother had gone, but t
now I realized that she had gone never i
to return, and that I was left all alone j
In the world. ; ,
CHAPTER~in.
THE SCHOOL. FOR THE POOR.
My people were very Ingenious in
naming things; they would rarely per- '
mtt themselves to call a spade a spade. :
For Instance, the custom of poor boys
getting certain meals regularly In cer- '
tain well-to-do homes was called "eat- '
Ing days;" an invitation of a poor man i
to dine with his rich co-religionist on ]
the holy Sabbath was dlsgulsedly en- !
titled "plat" (a corruption of "billet"); I
the graveyard was, perhaps cynically, '
epeken of as th* "house of the living"; '
After prayers loot of the boys ran
home, and those who had no homes
went to their "days," but Ephralm
and I remained In the synagogue. He
told me of his sordid childhood and no
less miserable youth; he also was an
orphan without kith or kin. Tet de
spite his present misery he did not
complain; he even spoke Jestingly of
Shlomka's blows. He was about three
school was out, ar.S we went Into the
synagogue below for prayers. Tb«
boys ru down the stairs peU-mell,
pushing and klckinr one another, pull
ing tbo ears of the passersby, and
Deemed perfectly happy In their misery.
When prayers were over -I recited the
Kaddish (a prayer for the dead), which
reminded me of my mother, and again
the tears began to com*. I can now
hear my ringing: vole* la the echoing
synagogue proclaiming HmgmOMl VYis
kadash so that I drsw tt» eyes of the
congregation to me. But X broke down
In the middle and my dear notes wens
changed to sobs. The boys laughed;
corns even sneered at me. But one
came up after kaddlsh and made
friends. And It was no other than
jEphralm, on whose head Shlomka's
stick had fallen with such energy In
the morning.
.THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
2•7 I ran ; toward; the marketplace— a
targe o'pen square which the fire could
not reach. The streets were filled with
frantic people. Men were groaning
and shouting; women were wringing
their hands and weeping bitterly; chil
dren, holding oh to their * mother's
skirts, cried and* screamed; cattle
roamed about, lowing and bellowing.
Mothers rushed with their children in
their arms; men staggered . under the
heavy loads, which they carried to
At the terrifying cry, followed by the
tolling of the sonorous fire bell, I seized
the' Old Testament which my mother
had left me, stowed it safely in my in
side coat pocket, and rushed in fright
out of the Talmud-Torah. A vast
volume of smoke swept over the school
yard. Before I was half-way to the
original fire a score of houses were
burning, and in an incredibly short
time half the town was In flames.
self from the hair-splitting reasoning
for and against the parties to this
action. . '
Suddenly wild shrieks reached my
ears: "Fire! Fire!"
Nothing is more terrifying to Lithu
anians than flre. To these poverty
stricken inhabitants it means ab
solute destitution. Few have their
property insured; most of them have
nothing to Insure but their decayed
"four corners," as . they call their
hovels, for wnJch they can scarcely
spare the premium.
Every Lithuanian town Is visited at
least every twenty years by a destruc
tive fire which literally wipes it out of
existence, so- that these disasters have
become distinct epochs of each town's
history. The Lithuanian calandar
dates back to the first fire, the second,
or the third.
Hill" was the most prominent. I ran
diagonally across the fields, now laid
waste by hundreds of trampling feet
and by household goods scattered upon
them, and I climbed to the top of
"Bloody Hill." 1 seated myself upon a
huge rock which crowned the hill, and
looked down upon my burning birth
place. The sky was clouded with heavy
curtains of black smoke that overhung
the whole region, and myriads of
sparks and cinders flying around In
this floating vault tinged It with
burnished gold and crimson and dotted
its zenith with constellatlonlike groups.
All the people about me were weeping
— poor mothers who foresaw starvation
for the babies in their arms; marriage
able maidens whose dowries were now
gone- and who were doomed to spln
sterhood; fathers who had always
been penned in the "pale" by Russian
barbarity and-could not clearly see by
what miracle they would be able to
rebuild their "four corners." I joined
in the general grief. | More than all of
them I had occasion to j mourn; for
those poor people had friends and kin
dred to console one another. But
whom' had I? The Talmud-Torah
burned down, my beneractors and
"day" givers ruined— whither could I
turn? I had no friend, no kindred, as
If I were born of the rock I sat upon.
My head fell between both my hands,
and I wept until I could weep no
more. In my fancy I compared this
flre to that which reduced the Holy
City to ashes, and like a little Jere
miah I sat by the ruins of my town
and 'bewailed the loss of my people.
A few hours later the whole town,
with the exception of a few houses In
the outskirts, was transformed to an
expanse of glowing ashes. Here and
The following morning, when Shlom
ka came to school, he found on the wall
a coal-drawn cartoon of himself in the
act of spanking a pupil.
The class was silent from fear, but
satisfaction could be read in their
countenances.. The teacher glanced at
the wall and then looked threateningly
at his pupils. He was puzzled as to'
who was the perpetrator of this atro-
Another summer and another winter
glided by, with the same monotonous
"day eating," sleeping on the comforta
ble Dutch oven, receiving of occasional
raps from Shlomka's stick, diving in
the Talmudic ocean, and soaring high,
high into the spheres whither Isaiah.
Ezekiel and King David transported
me. Although my physical being was
confined within the narrow walls of
the dirty Talmud-Torah, my fancy
took flight to Mount Lebanon, Mount
Moriah, to the realm of Judea, and
sometimes descended to the Valley of
Sharon, where I plucked the sweetest
of roses. In our leisure hours Ephraim
and I would read the "Menoras-Ha
moer," a book abounding In legends
and mystic tales, and other cabalistic
books that told of devils and flying
angels and seraphs.
The following summer Ephraim de
cided to leave the Talmud-Torah and
go to some other town.
"Listen, Shrolke," be said to me one
summer evening. "I am already a big
boy, and I can read a page of Talmud
without any assistance. Why should I
etay here when I can go to any town
and get 'days' and see the world?"
His words filled me with dismay. But
I sympathized with his desire to leave
this place, so I agreed that his plan
was a good one.
"But before I leave I must take re
venge on Shlomka." :
I hated the idea of vengeance. Be
sides, Shlomka was our teacher, and I
thought he had a right to beat us. I
begged Ephraim not to do any harm to
the schoolmaster.
"Oh, you are like a girl— always
afraid of everybody," he answered al
most contemptuously. "Why did he
pull your ears yesterday? Couldn't he
tell you to sit down without slapping
your face first?" -
I was silenced.
Another^ sleepy voice is heard. "Zc
mach, give me one bite — a bite — a
little bite. Hold it between your hands
and see if I don't take a little bite." I
hear the boy jclck the bench; perhaps
because he cannot get a "bite." I hear
several voices at once "Hit him— hit
him, you pig's snout!" "I'll knock the
stuffing out of you!" "I only had one
slice of bread .and onion!" "Abll (one
of the Talmudlc authorities) says it
must be divided in halves!" "Ha! ha!
ha! Catch him — catch him — ha!" (he
rolled oft the bench)! And so I lie and
think until I decide to pull the blanket
over my head and wander away also
to dreamland. .
they looked Jlke blue cords, and his
face began to work ominously. We ex
pected to see him fall upon this revo
lutionist and rend him.
But Ephraim was undaunted. "I am
not your wife or any erf these little
cowards," he went on. "If you raise
your hand on me I'll break your fat
nose."
Shlomka made a move for the stick,
which waa trembling in Ephraim's
hand. Cut he instantly reversed his
apparent decision and sat down, shak
ing his finger at his pupil. "I'll not soil
my hands cm you, you rascal," Shlom
ka Gazlen said, panting and quivering.
"The gaboim (officers) of the Talmud- _
Torah'will settle my account with
you."
Without saying a word, Ephraim
broke Shlomka's stick on his knee and
left the class.
He did not return until after evening
service, when h^ came up to me and
said in a whisper 1 : "I am not done with
him yet. To-morrow is my last day
here, and I'll leave him a token of
frlend»Jiip."
On summer afternoons at about 3
o'clock Shlomka and Gorgle would
grant their classes a recess /of about
half an hour, during which Shlomka
would take a nap with his arms folded
upon the table and Gorgle would' go
home to feed his goat. The next day
Ephraim did not appear at school un
til this recess period. The boys were
all out in the yard, and Shlomka was
peacefully snoring, his beard spread
out on the cracked, worm-eaten table.
"Hold this," Ephraim. said to me in
apparent haste, pulling a candle from
his pocket-
I could not divine what was In his
mind, but I did as he bade me.
He lighted the candle In my hand, and
said: "Come, quick." ' ,.
I hesitated.
,."Oh, you coward! Come!" he ordered
angrily. ¦
I followed with a leaping heart to
where Shlomka sat asleep.. Ephraim
produced a piece of sealing-wax,
melted it, and sealed Shlomka's beard
to the table.
"To the 'Bloody Hill,' " he whispered
as he ran out of the Talmud-Torah.
The picture of the teacher^awakenlng
and trying to raise his sealed beard
from the table I leave to. the reader's
Imagination.
At about the time Shlomka was pro
bably arousing from his nap two boys
stood on the "high hill" which.over
towered my birthplace, clasped in each
other's arms. The taller one smiled
humorously, his face bright with the
satisfaction of- victory; the eyes of the
smaller were filled with tears.'
"We'll soon meet ! again," said the
taller of the two hopefully, as he took
up bis little bundle.
"We'll soon meet again," echoed the
smaller one weakly; and he watched
the disappearing form of his only
The cummer passed and the Russian
winter, with Its hoary frosts and long
nights, arrived. The winter school
hours were from nine In the morning
till ten at night. Fragmentary scenes
of the school arise in my mind. I see
tne schoolroom, isometimes overheated
and sometimes shivering cold, but al
ways close and reeking, with its lamps
suspended on long wires from the ceil
ing, the windows thickly covered with
ice and snow so It is scarcely possible
to look through them, the floor thick
with dirt, which keeps on accumulat
ing and scarcely ever feeling
the stroke of a broom: fifty or
more boys cudgeling their brains over
their obselete studies, with their torn
caps, through which their hair pro
trudes, and with torn boots, through
which toes peep out, and which have
been mended so often that there Is al
most nothing left to patch upon; and
I see them munching crusts of bread,
•which they receive from the institution
on the days when they have no "days,"
and saying parrollike grace after swal
lowing the last mouthful, and wishing
there, had been a few bites more. And
then I see the school at night. It is
rnidni^lit. Outside, the winds are
howling and chasing the drifting snow.
I hear the grewsome noise in the flue.
I am stretched on the warm Dutch
oven, with Ephraim by my side, snor
ing complacently; the other boys lie on
.the narrow benches . which stand
against the walls of the Talmud-Torah,
using their fists as pillows. I am
sleepless. I raise myself on my elbows
and clance about me. To my rigHt is
During this period I almost lived in
the books of the prophets; their words
were ever in my mind, their visions al
ways reflected vividly in my imagina
tion.
My oriental imagination f>und In
finite pleasure in the fanciful prophets,
and their inexpressible charm com
pletely captivated my mystic mind.
For though I began the study of Tal
mud that summer, 1 did n^t nesiect the
Eible. I applied myself zealously to
the prophets until I had committed to
memory Isaiah. Proverbs, Eccleslastes.
the Scnr of Songs. Lamentatk-ns and
nearly all of the Psalms. My profi
ciency was soon rumored about anl I
became an object of curiosity. People
•would surround me in the synagogue
and test my knowledge by reading a
verse and asking me to give the next
one. which I did without hesitation.
Ephraim was proud of me, and the
other boys hated me the more.
Dreaming and mystic by' nature, I
•was made more so by my devotion to~
the prophets. My mind had became so
lmbu«d with the historical scenes of
the Bible that when I read a passage
a vision of the event described would
arise twfore me with all the vividness
of reality. I would see the celestial.
peerless poet and prophet, Isaiah, his
flowing Asiatic garb thrown loosely
over his thoulders, his dark bearded
face and wandering eyes lifted heaven
ward, fearlessly pouring forth his fiery
eloquence and foretelling the doom of
nations; I would see the weeping
prophet Jeremiah, his head bent down,
supported by both his hands, sitting by
the ruins of the holy city and bewailing
the downfall of his people and their
Eanctuaries — I would even fancy that I
heard the prophet's groans; I would
see Ezekiel— the cabalistic dreamer and
mystic— standing by the nver of Che
bar and beholding visions In the open
heavens.
Tims eloTrty healed the wound made
fcy the death of my mother, and little
by little I became accustomed to my
»«w life of poverty— nay. more, I even
becan to be almost happy. Perhaps If
It hed not been my fortune to gain the
friendship of Ephraim life would not
hs.ve run so smoothly, but with him
everything else was forgotten. Al
though we were quite different in mind.
and dlrposltlon, yet our souls seemed
to cleave to one another. Hand In
hand we would leave the town limits
And lose ourselves In the far -stretching
fields of blooming rye, waving wheat
end oats, and hear the swishing of the
purple 6te!kJ above our h?a£s as we
would run breathlessly through the
6wayingr crops, or sitting upon somt
promontory vre would look miles away
over endless expanses of growing Brain,
ridged by the tickling winds in wave
like folds, when everything seemed
floating and ewimming — the SfraM, the
bushy leaves, the ears of grain, the
flowery bipom— when everything ewam
in never-ending tides. Ephraim could
imitate almost any voice, and he would
often echo the cuckoo, whistle with
flawless purity of the canary, or chirp
as none but birds and Ephraira could
do. Like little kittens we would roll
over one another, wrestle, vie in throw
ins stones <of course Ephratm beat me
every time), and yell in order to hear
cmr echoes. I would shout myself
hoarse in order to hear the resounding
answer in the distant forest until
Ephraim would put his hand over my
npctta and hush me to silence. What
did I not Imagine those voices were!
lichees from another world, •uigelic
voices, voices that descended from
heaven like rolls of thunder.
After Ephraim had left me I re
mained absolutely solitary In the midst
of my wretched schoolmates. I hoped
Ephraim would write to me, but weeks
passed by without bringing me word.-
Then misfortune fell again, and I was
again thrown out upon the world.
It was on the first day of the Jewish
month of Allul, toward the end of the
summer. It was a half-holiday and all
the boys were out. I sat alone in the
classroom before a big folio of the Tal
mud, my whole attention concentrated
on a case In which "the defendant's ox
gored the cow of the plaintiff, and it
was found that the plaintiff's cow gave
premature birth . to Its offspring;* it
being unknown whether th A premature
birth had occurred ¦ before c-V after the
defendant's ox' gored the plaintiff's
cow. Defendant claims that , It oc
curred before, and the plaintiff alleges
that the birth was given after the gor
ing and by __ reason thereof."' , Bright
little Jurist "as I had become, it was
quite a puzzle for me to extricate ray-
"THE LITHUANIAN ERA."
CHAPTER V.
I mentioned the names of my bene
factors.
"Oh, my! A fellow could get rich «:m
"days' like these. They often give ten
copecks instead of supper, and you
could easily save nine."
We let the eynasogue door bang be
hind us, and before we parted he said:
"This is my worst 'day,' potatoes in
the morning, black bread and barley
for dinner, loke (the gravy ef herring)
and bread for supper. They don't even
give a glass of tea as dessert. Regular
ries, and they are ' rich— Barll, the
money loaner."
lie shrussed his shoulders and
started for his supper, but turned once
to call: "Shrolke. you can sleep with
me on the oven; there is i<ler.ty of
room there. I like you. You are a
good fellow."
:»Iy heart suddenly warmed over
these word*, and tears of Joy rose to
my eyes. I loved Ephraim clearly from
that instant. It may be because he
said I was a good fellow, but I am sure
that I loved him with that pure, un
telftsh love which a homeless Orphan
elves to his first friend.
CHAPTER TV.
THE "WAYS OF THE TAX.MUD
TORAH.
As I ha\*e previously intimated I was
In those early days of a very diffident
disposition. The boys at school dis
liked me for my reserve, mistaking my
melancholy shyness for pride. If it
h&d not been for Ephraim, the only
friend I had, the boys would have pil
fered all my belongings and would
probably have resorted to physical tor
ture- But everybody feared him. He
was the biggest and strongest of the
boys, e» naturally his word was law to
them.
the erstwhile noisy synagogue— gloomy,
awe-Inspiring. The ner-tomid (the
perpetual light) is glimmering before
the oren-kodesh (ark), casting its great
shadow upon the wall. To my left is
the large schoolroom, in which a small
light is burning; the shadows of the
suspended, slightly oscillating lamps
appear like so many colossal spiders on
the walls. 'What a babel of voices!
Some of the children on the benches
snore and groan and unconsciously
make broken complaint against the
world. There is a sudden shrieking
and screeching. I know whose voice It
is — that of "Yankle Snub nose," as we
call hlny he Is a little, hammered
down, small-faced skinny boy whose
size has been diminished by the con
stant pounding of the teacher. He has
Just moved this semester from Gorgle's
class to Gazlen's, or rather from the
former's thongs to the latter's cane.
Xobody in the 'Class knows as much
about the inflexibility of Shlomka's
cane as does Yankle: only the other
day it broke on his back. He Is now
probably dreaming that Gazlen Is pull
ing his ears or that he is being flogged.
Suddenly he stops; the snoring of the
slumberers becomes louder and louder.
They beheld me approaching them—
a slim boy of fifteen, my untrimraed
dark-brown hair hanging down my
neck, the four fringes of my arba
kanfas dangling: about me, ha tier.?.
coatless, my breeches tattered and
patched, my boots so mended that the
patches needed patches — ragged, hun
gry, exhausted. They beheld all this,
yet they saw but one thing— the Jew.
"This is a Sjid (a slanderous name for
Jew)." I heard one remark.
I was immediately surrounded by the
peasant boys, among whom I stood
half-paralyzed with fear. They were
dressed In unbleached linen shirts and
in trousers of the same material. Their
feet were bare, and their flaxen heir
hung around their shoulders Ilk*
fringes of raw hemp.
"Certainly, a Sjid." said the biggest of
them. "Can't you see his black
breeches?"
After a long walk, which almost ex
hausted me— for I had had nothing to
eat since' the previous morning— I
faintly heard hilarious shouts. I
turned into the direction from which
the voices came, and soon found my
self nearing the edge of the forest.
Now the cries sounded very distinctly.
"Tu-ha! tu-ha! tu-ha!" and I knew I
was approaching a group of swine
herd's. My heart began to throb fret
fully. I crept forward cautiously and
peered from behind a bush. There wero
five of them, lying on their stomachs in
the grass, with several lean and
shaggy dogs stretched beside them. As
I watched them they took up their
pipes, made of willow bark, and In turn
played their peasant melodies — sweet,
eloquent, wild, yet how,, simple! One
could read In their rustic airs their
people's history, their character, their
manners, their hopes and aspirations.
As they played they knocked their
heels together as if beating time to
their music, and their dogs, as If 1b a
kind of ectaay, rolled their tails and^
leaped about restlessly/ opening and
snapping their jaws, or barked at
nothing In particular.
Envy filled my heart. I wished I. too,
were a swineherd rolling over deep
grass in the shade of trees and piping"
melodies. I wished I had never been
born a Jew, but a gentile like these
boys. "Is it not enough to\bear tha
burden of man, that I must In addition
bear the burden of the Jew?" I said to
myself bitterly.
Despite the innocent happiness of
these boys I feared them as possible
enemies. I was going to slip away un
observed, when I happened to think of
Ephraim. "He is right — I am a cow
ard," I said to myself. This reproach
ful thought lent courage to my nerves,
and I stepped into the open and walked
toward the swineherds.
But soon the disaster of the preced
ing day flashed through my mind. I
realized anew that I was a friendless
wanderer. Again I asKed myself.
Whither should I go? My native town
was no more, and what did I know of
the rest of the world? I thought of
Ephraim— but where tvas he? At
length I arose, washed my face In a
little brook near by, dried it with my
arba-kanfas, and started through the
forest, giving myself blindly over to
chance. :**.'i
the mighty forest. This weird concert
stirred all my senses and made- me for
get all else In the world. Every thrill
Jerked and tugged at my heart as if
those dwellers of the woods had invea
ible strings attached to it.
"Ha! You — you — " he burst out, bear-
Ing down upon me, with the stick
raised ready to strike. "You — you—
you — you think you are like your
brother, who betrayed his father for
the smile of a shikse (gentile girl),
,hey? You think you will also throw me
into prison, hey? You think you. will
denounce me that I use Christian blood
for the Passover, hey? You think you
will get the sledevatel against me, hey?
You think you will-* on my head
and I'll say 'thank you,' hey?"
With each "hey" there came a blow.
But suddenly the stick was arrested;
Ephraim had jumped behind Shlomka
and seized his hand. "Stop
him!" shouted Ephraim in a command
ing voice. "He did not draw your pic
ture on the wall. I did IL"
Shlomka stood astounded; then the
arteries on h'is forehead swelled* till
clous deed, but he did not hesitate. He
began with the pupil nearest. him and
caned each in order until he had fin
ished the round, and the whole class
was screaming and writhingr with pain.
But as he was going to lay the, f tick
aside he heard one whisper: "Shrolke
did the work and' everybody gets paid
for it."
there mounds and hillocks of charcoal
and ashes belched forth spurts of
flames. How small my birthplace
looked— like a private graveyard!
I. But misfortunes never come singly,
they say. It was not enough that we
had lost our homes by fire; as dark
ness began to settle about our misery,
soft rolls of thunder were heard. Soon
drops of rain began to fall, and blind
mg flashes of lightning ripped across
the black sky. In another minute
the sky seemed to break open, and it
rained as though another deluge had
come upon us. What little had been
saved from the fire was ruined by
water. The people about me covered
their heads with pails, pans or boards,
or sought shelter under tables and bed
ding they had saved. But I was so
utterly despairing that I was Indiffer
ent to the downpour. Drawing myself
together, I let the rain wash me clean.
CHAPTER VI.
A NIGHT IN A FOREST.
After a* time the rain ceased, the
clouds broke and the stars began to
appear one by one, slowly, as if they
shrank from looking down upon the
misery below. ' I arose, but I was so
stiff and numb that I could hardly
. stretch a limb. I b^gan to walk, pain
fully at first, without the least knowl
edge where my. feet were taking me.
darkness about me added gloom
to my despair. I now felt more than
ever that I was an orphan — a lonely
child in the great egotistic world.
Now and then, however, a star twin
kled hope to me, and not infrequently
a shrill cricket, leaping in the wet
grass, seemed to offer me courage.
Presently I found myself in the skirts
of a forest; it was dense and deep — a
genuine . Russian forest. I recalled a
..little open space a few hundred yards
within this forest, which had been my
- fayorite resort on pleasant Sabbath
afternoons. I had always loved the
mighty solitude of the forest; there
seemed to be a certain kinship to my
weary melancholy. But now I re
mained standing with trembling fear.
The moaning of the flre victims still
rang in my ears; all the horrible stories
of. beasts and robbers I had heard in
my childhood haunted my brain. The
least noise made my flesh creep. I ad
vanced . a step and stopped again. A
wind swayed the boughs of a sapling
and emitted something like a sigh, as
if it were pitying the poor orphan
standing near it. Then silence again.
The large forest slept; all nature
rested. I held my breath. I put my
feet down softly and took the path
that led to my favorite retreat. The
clear moon, peeping through the thick
foliage, escorted me step by step. On
my way I annoyed a number of birds
in their nests in bushes; their flutter
of wings and twitter were perhaps
complaints against me, but I also com
plained and nobody heeded my grum
bling.
At last I reached my favorite spot,
and being utterly fatigued I stretched
myself upon the long soft grass and
forgot all my troubles in dreamland.
I found myself on the peak of a
high mountain, very high, almost
reaching the clouds, with a staff, bud-,
ding leaves and blossoming. In one
hand, and in the other I had a musty
looking little book, like the one my
mother had left me. Enchanting mef
odies reached my cars. I glanced
down. At the foot of the height I
stood upon there ran a broad stream,
in which people rode about In small
barges; and across" the flowing water
stood a magnificent structure, the
lower part of which resembled our
synagogue and the upper looked like
an ancient Grecian temple. A num
ber of people stood in the doorway of
this singular edifice and motioned to
me to drop my burdens — the staff and
the little book— for they became heavy,
yet they were dear to me, so I hesi
tated. The multitude below renewed!
their invitation, and the longer I hesi
tated the more demonstrative became
the crowd. They began to threaten
me that unless I drop my staff and
book and come down willingly they
would pull me down. But their
threats gave me courage and lent
warmth to my blood. Then the vocif
erous throng began climbing the slope
of the mountain, yet I did not budge;
I feared them not. They soon reached
me and showered crushing blows upon
me, but I did not care; I did not even
attempt to return a blow. The staff
and the book now became precious to
me, and I pressed them to my breast
with all my might. Hard as they
pulled at the leaves of the book, they
could not tear a leaf. The only, In
jury it sustained was a little dirt from
my perspiring hands in clasping -it
tightly. Then a hundred hands seized
me and began pulling me'down, but I
suddenly felt my strength becoming
herculean and I forced them all back,
remaining in my lofty position and
laughing them all to scorn.
In another instant the sun appeared
resplendently. My bleeding wounds,
which the mob had inflicted upon me.
began to heal, and the blood in my
veins now coursed warmer and swifter.
I* was feeling young again. I erected
my stooped shoulders, straightened my
bowed head, washed my bespattered
face. Suddenly the crowd below reap
peared; again the flowing stream at
the foot of the mountain; again the
curious structure; but now the crowd
below sent friendly greetings to me.
' Without hesitation I flung the staff
and the book aside and began to de
scend the precipitous slope, when I
lost my balance and rolled down, down,
down, until— I woke.
I sat down In the soft, moist grass
and sleepily glanced about me. The
day was just breaking. A gauzellke
bluish mist hung over the forest, and
the moisture of the night dripped, tip.
tip, tip, from bough to bough, from leaf
to leaf. Here and there pearl-like
beads of dew, hanging on grass-blades,
- twinkled like diamond studs in green
fleece. From the heart of the woods
there echoed early morning sounds —
the horn of a distant shepherd; the
faint lowing of a cow, the bleating of
a sheep, the lash of a whip like, a ring
ing pistol-shot. Silence for a moment.
I languidly rested on my elbow. A
rustle above my head drew my eyes
thither; a canary-finch skipped around
restlessly, gently swinging the boughs
of a tree. Then she began to sing.
First her crisp sweet notes came in
short warbles, but soon, as if heated by
her own enthusiasm, her song swelled
to a thrilling string, of purling, quiver
ing melodies. "Tchl—tchi—tchi—tchl
ruck—tchiruck—tchl—tchl—tchi," an
other forest singer struck in; then fol
lowed the notes of the cuckoo, the bob
olink, the chaffinch, as well *aa the
chirping and whistling and humming
and buzzing of all other birds and flying
and creeping Insects that help awaken
places of safety. Collisions were fre
quent and, disastrous. Every, one was
trying to save hia family and his own
belongings. No one made any effort
to put out the flames. The conflagra
tion soared higher and higher; flicker
ing streaks flashed from every" side;
broad blazes swept right and left, de
vouring as they went the straw
thatched log houses."
I reached the marketplace. It was
already crowded with heaps of furni
ture and other household goods, on top
of -which their owners sat on guard.
By this time all the nouse3 in town
were ablaze, and a violent wind fanned
the flre into embracing sheets of flame.
Burning wisps of straw from the
thatched roofs, and firebrands driven
by the fierce wind, flew in the air me
teorllke. The heavy timbers of the
well-constructed houses fell with roars
into the flaring debris beneath. Here
and there a man tried to save his home
by throwing on it pails of water, but
all in vain. The town was doomed.
So, shielding my face with my cap
from the. scorching heat, I ran toward
'the outskirts of the town.
The town was surrounded with a
chain of hills, among which "Bloody
friend through tears that came faster
than they could be wiped away.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAIX.
3
Joe Rosenberg
Uhe S&est friend
San Francisco
Women SverJfad
HIS CORSETS HAVE MADE
SAN FRANCISCO WOMEN
FAMOUS FOR THEIR.
BEAUTIFUL* FORMS. ./.
Our Corset Enes disguise the
size of your waist;, hold in
your abdomen; give a trimness
to your costume, with comfort
that you had longed for in vain
before.
Tall or short, thin or stout, we
can fit* you.
C B A LA SPIRITE CORSET
—For slender women; made
of English sateen 91.OO
LA GRECQUE LATTICE
RIBBON CORSET— For
slender or medium figure;
made of imported batiste....
fl.SO
ROYAL WORCESTER COR-
SET— For full bust or me-
dium forms; ten different
shapes to choose from.$1.3O
NEMO CORS E'T — Figure
building, with self-reducing
patent belt attached; patent
aluminoid boning; is rust-
proof and unbreakable. ?2.73
LA VIDA CORSET— For me-
dium or stout figures; made
of sterling cloth; boned
throughout with genuine
whalebone. $8.50 and ?5.0O
Corsets fitted by experts— that's
what, we excel in. '
J v OE "ROSENBERG
Makes Fat Women Thin
and Thin Women Stout
616 MARKET STREET
U O'FARRELL STREET.
Mall Orders Solicited.
gjNot only is the flag Itself thus dese
crate, but pictures of it— Its represen
tation—cause it to "trail In the dust"
of cheap traffic. Its Imprint upon pa
per is used in stores to wrap up cheese,
ham, dried flsh and tobacco. It ar
'rests thought on business cards, letter
heads and newspaper columns. It her
alds the superior merits of certain
transportation cars and railroad routes;
it forecasts the quality of a certain
brand of cigars; it calls attention to
the fact that "John Johns sells roast
ed peanuts at the Old Stand"; it en
wraps the oranges and lemons of Ital
ian fruit vendors; it glorifies the prod
ucts of a ginger ale manufacturing
company in Massachusetts ai*d empha
sizes nearer home the superiority of a
certain brand of belting and twine; It
*"* Y EXT Tuesday will be the one
f\\ hundred and twenty-seventh
I \l anniversary of the adoption of
\, the Stars and Stripes by Con
gress.
"We want a clean flag," Is the cry
to-day from thousands of patriotic
voices In the "United States of Amer
ica. The imperative demand comes not
only from the National Association of
the Sons and Daughters of the Ameri
can Revolution, the Grand Army of the
Republic, the Loyal Legion of the
United States and- the American Flag
Association, whose fifty-six, different or
ganizations co-ordinate all the patriotic
societies of the country, but from erery
soldier who has followed the sacred
symbol in our battles for freedom, from
every schoolhouse where the act of sa
luting the flag is taught and required
from our millions of children as a deed
of reverence second only to that of
honoring the name of God, and from
every home In our mighty land whose
peace and protection are secure be
cause of what that flag represents.
Our Star-Spangled Banner, our Old
Glory, is desecrated by the spirit of
commercialism of the present age, and
"as it catches the gleam of the morn
ing's first beam" it has ceased to re
flect the "full glory" of the magnificent
sentiment by which it was conceived,
born, baptized and flung aloft. In
Honolulu and Manila— our new posses
sions—our flag is permanently nailed
up on the front of liquor saloons and
brothels; two brewing companies in the
State of New Jersey print across its
folds the words, "Stands for the best
beer," and a pharmacist .in Milwaukee
sprinkles among Its stars In great
white letters, "Magic headache wafers."
Recently a scavenger in Boston sew
ed a flag on the outside of a burlap
bag in which he gathered coals from
ash barrels .and went through the
streets carrying It upon his back. He
was arrested at the Instance of one
cf the flag committees, taken before
a magistrate and fined twenty dollars.
He was a Russian who would not have
dared commit such an outrage In his
own country, but ours is "the land of
the free" and freedom in it— especially
on the part of some foreign-born citi
zens — Is sometimes construed into lit
cense.
General Grant admitted that it was
a new question to him and he did not
know whether there was a law on the
subject. Like him, very many of our
best citizens are ignorant of even the
necessity for such a law. Immersed in
other matters the indignities heaped
upon our beloved flag have escaped
their notice, but again thousands of
others' have watched with anxious
hearts the increase of this Irreverence
for what they hold most dear.
For five or six years the American
Flag Association has been engaged in
obtaining State legislation relative to'
this matter and nineteen States have
enacted laws to prevent further dis
honoring of our flag, but when an ef
fort to suppress the use of a flag brand
upon canned goods was made in the
local courts of Chicago, the Judge ruled
that the act came under the Jurisdic
tion of Congress Instead of a State and
should be decided by national legisla
tion. As yet there has been none.
It remained for a San Francisco citl
rcen, W. H. Murray, a member of
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, to make
a direct personal effort to obtain it
and thereby forever erase this blot
upon our national honor. Senators
George A. Perkins, Quay. Hanna and
Caldwell of Ohio (the latter being the
first to introduce the flag bill in Con
gress) were all persistently inter
viewed by him and caught his enthu
siasm. Traveling over the United
States he made a special feature of
enlisting sympathy with this righteous
causa. The officers of Faneuil Hall,
Boston; those of Independence Hall,
Philadelphia; the Betsey Ross Me
morial Association, the Francis Scott
Key societies, all were visited and
aroused to new activity. A document,
known as bill 229, was drafted, altered
dozens of times to make It very com
prehenslv* and finally "perfected" (as
reported by Senator Quarles) by the
Daughters «f the American Revolu
tion, who have strenuously endeavored
to bring It to the attention of the pa
triotic people of the country. North
and South.
March 11, 1904, a bill prohibiting
the desecration of the American flag
•passed the Senate, but not the House
•f Representatives. We will hope
that the crowded condition of affairs
at that period of the Fifty-eighth Con
gress was the cause of the apparent
oversight. Hhe act contains five- divi
sions, that of No. i imposing a heavy
penalty upon "any person, persona,
corporation or company using the flag
or coat of arms of the United States
for any advertisement, trademark, la
bel. Inscription, etc." which the genii
of this artlstio (?) age can Invent.
At the next Congress the bill will
have to be introduced again. Let us
hope that California will lead the pa
triotic van In protest against such an
Important matter being longer de
ferred. Were resolutions to that effect
passed as soon as possible by each
Grand Army post, each woman's club
and each parlor of the Native Sons
and Daughters of California alone, be
fore another Flag day the matter
would be accomplished.
OUR DESECRATED FLAG
By Nellie Blessing Eyster
And so life passed till fall had come
again. Again the sky was constantly
overcast with heavy dark clouds that
dripped cold drops; again drizzly
showers dismally washed the window
panes; again heaps of withered leaves
lay around trunks of- trees; again
flower-stalks stood like gravestones
where once was glory; again the sigh-
Ing winds howled and moaned drearily.
One gloomy afternoon, while the
sudya was in the courtroom adminis
tering Justice to peasants, Katia and I
sat in her father's study reading to
gether and engaging in such chat as
made me at the same time Jealous and
happy. We were on a couch near a
window. Katia sat with one foot under
her and the other hanging down, her
lesson-book in her lap. We ceased
talking for a minute or two, while we
gazed at the rain, which was becom
ing mixed with melting snow.
"Papa said he la sure to be promoted
and* will get an appointment In Kieff.
You will go with us, won't you, Is
rael r* She said this abstractedly as she
looked through the window at the
snow, which was becoming more and
more noticeable in the falling rain.
I swallowed a lump; my emotions al
most throttled mi How innocently
sh« asked me this! She could see no
difference In our stations; to her we
were equals. I began to realize now
more than ever that I. was a vagabond.
a mere beggar. Will X go with them?
My tears rushed to my ayes. Will I go
with them?— as If I belonged to their
circle, a member of her family.
It was all I could do to refrain from
putting these incoherent thoughts into
words. She looktd greatly surprised at
my silence. MT emotions suddenly
found expression In tears— I ever cried
as readily as a gtrL I turned and cov
ered my face with both hands.
"Israel," sh* Implored, attempting to
remove my hands, "why do you cry*
What did I say that hurt you?" And
she clung to my hands, removing finger
by finger.
"Listen, Katia," I blurted out pas
sionately. "I shall study day and night
until I become a great man— as great a
man as you like; and then— then— ah,
then"— I became conscious of what I
was about to say and dropped my head
in despair.
"Oh, you foolish Israel." she said,
raising my head by th» chin, "then I'll
marry you."
How candidly and naively she ut
tered these words 1 Without the faint
est blush, without tht least excitement,
with the simplest understanding of
what she said.
Impulsively, without being fully con
scious of what I was doing, I threw my
arm around her neck and kissed her on
the mouth again and again.
"Katia! Katia!"
It waa Judge Blalnlck's voice that
called me to my senses; it sounded
stern and harsh— almost cruel.
I raised my eyes frightfully and be
held Katia's father standing In the
doorway, with a relentless expression
on his countenance. ¦*
"Katia!" he called again; and he
stood cold and erect until Katia, with
downcast eyes, walked past him into
the adjoining room. Then he also
turned around and walked out, leaving
me alone with my head drooped over
my chest, and teara— large, boiling
tears— burning my cheeks as they
rolled down and dropped upon my shirt
and vest.
Continued Next Sunday.
I did not swerve from my purpose to
become a great man, and pored over
my books arduously. My instructor
was highly pleased with my pr&sress.
I could see his face beaming v.ith gen
uine delight as I recked m7 lessons.
"'•Excellent," "splendid," "very good."
he would remark, pacing up and down
the room as I was reading a composi
tion or reciting a page of Cicero. Only
half.a year before Katia had been far
ahead* of me in composition, but now I
was reading the masterpieces of Rus
sian literature, while she still used a
Khrestomatla— a book of selections.
Mr. Kremlin told me that if I- would
study assiduously till the following
summer I could easily talce the exami
nations of the fourth and perhaps of
the fifth— he referred to gymnasium
grades. Of course I wished to go to the
gymnasium and there study harder
and harder, that I might become a
great man like Nekrasoff or Pushkin
or Lermontoff and— marry Katia.
And Katia would listen to Mr. Krem
lin's praises of me without the least
Jealousy. When the teacher was gone
she would put her hand on my shoulder
in her childish way and. looking into
my eyes, would say: "Israel, you will
go to the gymnasium the coming year
and take away all the prizes. I am
sure you will get a gold medal on
graduation. My cousin Mishka got
one, and he is not half as bright as you.
Oh, what a great man you will be
some 'day! Your picture will be In the
Novocti and in the Svlet and in the
Novi Vremla, and you will be so proud,
with your head erect— you will not
want to talk to me." Here I shut her
mouth with the palm of my hand.
"You mean you will be proud," I
would retort enviously, with no little
rancor in my heart, "and go away to
your relatives in Moscow or Kleff and
mix with colonels and generals, and
you will be ashamed to talk to me."
I really meant every word I said, be
cause Judge Bialnick talked of being
promoted or installed either In Kieff or
Moscow, where moat of his near rela
tives lived. . \t.'.
THE END OF HAPPINESS.
CHAPTER IX.
ball to a girl who had occasionally
come Into my room to ask after my
health. My appearance interrupted her
from flinging it back, and faintly color-
Ing she remained standing with hand
uplifted.
"Good morning, my good little fel
'low," the sudya said, turning his ner
vous soft gray eyes upon me. "I hope
you are feeling better now," and he
smiled graciously.
I faltered some words of thanks.
The girl, standing with the ball in her
hand. looked at me with curiosity. My
eyes met hers and my embarrassment
increased.
"Come nearer," and the sudya
pointed at a chair by his side. "What
"Israel Abramowitch."
The judge's long, blonde-bearded face
grew slightly pale, and he turned It
from me Just a trifle. "Yes— so you
told me before."
"Who is your father?" he asked
after a short silence.
"I have no father."
"Your mother?*'
"I have none."
"Where Is your home?"
"My home burned down."
"Where do you come from?"
I mentioned my native place.
Again he was silent for so long a
time that I thought he was displeased
with me. But when he spoke his voice
reassured me.
"I lived in your town for some time —
perhaps you.do Jiot remember me. I
was sledevatel. I must have known all
your people. Who was your father?"
un "Yudel 'Abramowitch." .
The sudya leaned back in his chair
and for a few seconds covered his eyes
and high forehead, which action I
thought was by way of straining his
memory to recall my father; and clear
ing his throat he said: "Yes, I remem
ber your father well. Er— he used to
come to my house quite often and I
also called at his a number of times."
Pride filled my heart. This illus
trious personage in my father's house!
The Judge again passed his hand over
his eyes and forehead, and throwing
one leg over the other and nibbling at
his long, pink finger-nails he added:
"That's right. Your father died eight
or nine years ago. What has become
of your mother?"
Again tears rushed to my eyes. "My
mother died," I responded lugubrious
ly; but Just then my eyes fell upon the
girl, who was still regarding me with
absorbed Interest, and with a throb
bing heart I added: "Yes. she died in
misery and poverty, and as I had no
relatives or friends to take care of me
I was sent to a charity school and pro
cured my meals every day In a differ-'
ent family."
He asked some more questions
about the fire and my escape. Then he
resumed absent-mindedly: "Where. do
you expect to go from here?"
"Why, I'll go to a Jewish community"
and resume my 'day eating* and study
the Talmud;" and I added gloomily:
"I have no other place to go to." •
The little girl came up to her father
and slipped her arms around his neck;
her blonde curls fell sof tljf about his
shoulders. I thought I detected tears
in her eyes.
After my last answer the Judge
seemed to be lost in thought. I stood
with bowed head waiting for him to
speak again.
"How would you like to stay in this
house, Israel?" he asked after a while.
"You will have the same teacher. who
gives instructions to my Katia. Isn't
Feodor Maximo witch a good teacher,
gclubtchlck?" His daughter answered
by tightening her arms. ''You will be
clothed and taken "care of as my own
child until you grow old enough to
choose for yourself." -tf«N-'<
Could I remain in the house of a gol,
even though he offered me all these
things and asked nothing In return? I
hesitated. Instantly the Talmud-Torah
appeared before my Imagination, and -I
recalled the tattered clothes which I
had hitherto worn, the humiliating
system of "day eating," the grim pov
erty of the people about me. In con
trast there was the kind gentleman
who now spoke to me as If I were his
equal. the beautiful house and. the
richly furnished rooms, fine clothes and
the best of food, a teacher to instruct
me in Russian literature and perhaps
even French — which I then Imagined to
be the language of angels. ( Raising my
eyes I found Katia's gaze fixed at me
as if she were asking me to accept her
father's offer. Could I do anything but
stay?
ciia'pter viii.
T A Vf TT A T>T5 V •
A. J\+\L XlAi i X. m *
When I fully recovered, autumn,
Russian autumn, had .fairly set in.
Zamok, as my benefactor's estate was
called, stood Isolated from the rest of
the world by vast stretches of Bnow
covered plains, like a single ship on
the ocean. The nearest village was
three-quarters of a mile away, and the
nearest town, which had no more than
four hundred inhabitants; was a dis
tance of about >twenty miles. Had it
not been for the peasants and Jews
who came to attend trials or settle
their disputes before the sudya (for his
Sometimes I would ' tremble at the
thought that I was gradually drifting
away from Judaism. What would my
mother have said to this* At the
thought of her I would shudder for
shame; and often I decided to steal
away at night and never come back.
But Katia! Katia, with those long,
blonde curls, which she began to wear
In a braid this spring— with those smil
ing, sparkling eyes— with those tender,
teasing ways— Katial j How could I go
and leave her behind me? I knew that
she was a shigselke (a little gentile
residence was also his courthouse),
Zamok would have been as secluded
and unfrequented as an undiscovered
island. Mr. Bialnick seemed to be
averse to society, and appeared to en-
Joy nothing except his child's company.
My teacher accounted for the Judge's
excessive melancholy by his grief for
his wife, who had died about a year
and a half before. However, I did not
feel lonesome. For besides Katia— with
.whom I would not have felt lonesome
had we been the only beings on a de
serted Island— there was Feodor Maxl
mowltch Kremlin, our teacher; Olga
Ossipovna Shtchedrin. Katia's gover
ness; Vlnitzki, the courfr clerk; and a
number of good Jolly servants.
Katia had come to be like a loving
younger sister to me.* The kindness,
the simplicity, the sympathy of this
mere child of 13 awoke all that was
best in me — my emotions, imagination,
energy, ambition. "Whether in the
house or out, throwing snowballs or
skating, I had to be at her side. The
first few months she would sometimes,
though -innocently, make fun /of my
pronunciation, which lacked the sono
rous Russian ring. She would slap and
scold me and' mock my talk, and all
this gave me delight. Both of us
seemed' to feel that her
father would not have us too Intimate;
and so in her father's presence she
gave no signs of the friendship which
existed between us, and I likewise as
sumed a distant manner.
That spring my feelings budded and
blossomed. I did not stop, to analyze
my new sensations. I was merely
aware that my imagination, my
thoughts, 'my every-day existence was
brighter, and that my blood ran warm
er and faster. All nature seemed to
share In my gladness; the birds seemed
to have more cheerful notes, and the
fields,, the meadows, the forest, the
very blades of grass never before woro
such a green as they, put on that
spring. Scarcely a year from "day eat
ing" and the wretched Talmud-Torah,
and everything connected"wlth the past
seemed to be effaced from r my memory.
girl) and I a poor wandering Jewish
orphan, but I was so happy when she
teased me or ordered me about that I
forgot my race and my faith. Besides.
I waa enjoying my studies immensely,
and new-born thoughts began to sqrout
in my brain. I began to nave aspira
tions; my ambition stirred me to
more activity; I began to compare con
ditions and situations: I appreciated
the beauty of-Japhet and loathed the
tents of Shem.
The sudya treated me as kindly and
generously as ever. It is true, I ob
served him frown when he found Katia,
leaning on my arm as we read one of
KrilloflVs fables; but otherwise he
showed me almost paternal affection.
There was a benign expression on his
face, and his soft gray eyes seemed to
have smiles concealed in them, despite
the depressing gloom that always hov
ered over him. He smiled very often—
he very rarely laughed; but what sad
ness in his smile!
•That spring I also noticed that the
delicate. Bkln of his fair cheeks waa be
coming marred here and there by fine
lines, and that his j nose waa turning
purple. And one time, as I found him
standing by the sideboard with a de
canter of rum in his hand. I staxted
to turn back, but he noticed me, and
replacing the decanter he stammered
confusedly: "You may stay here, Is
rael." On another occasion I found
him reclining unconscious in his large
arm-chair and the same decanter of
rum on a little round table at his el
bow. At first, fright seized me. I
thought he was dead. But I soon dis
covered differently. He waa drunk. I
locked the door and, moving on tiptoe,
adjusted him comfortably without
arousing him. I shivered lest Katia,
who- had gone with her, governess to
visit a neighboring hamlet, should find
her father In this state. Leaving the
door locked on the inside, I crept out
through a wfndow.
During the summer Katia took a va
cation from her books, but I studied
even more assiduously than before. My
ambition was rising every day. Katia
had once told me, when we were chat
ting all alone In the garden in the rear
of the house, that she would marry no
one but a great man— as great as Ne
krasoff or Pushln or Lermontoff. I re
member distinctly that I felt dizzy for
a while after she had said this, and
that, in spite of my repeated efforts to
Bpeak, my words remained stuck In my
throat. However, when a little' later
she told me I was to be a great poet
like Lermontoff, I felt my blood rush
ing to my face and a peculiar thrill
shot through alf my frame. I sat oppo-
site her and gazed and gazed into her
translucent eyes, frank in their childish
innocence. Then I was seized with the
consciousness of my own insisnifleanc?.
and I felt so hopelessly untalented that
I abruptly ran away to my room and
locked the door.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY ' CAIX.
The Grave and Statue of Francis Scott Key, Mount Olivet
Cemetery, Frederick, Md.
is found in an advertisement upon th«
backs of transfer tickets on trotliv
cars and lends a halo to, porcelain
cuspidors and tin refuse barrels. The
flags of no other nation are thus dis
graced.
When General Fred' Grant was Am
erican EmbSLssador to Austria he was
waited upon by the custom-house of
ficers .to ascertain whether the United
States permitted the use of her flag
upon merchandise. Austria did not and
assuming that enlightened America
was equally as respectful they forbade
the entrance of an invoice of merchan
dise thus branded.
"Give us cigarettes, you parasitical
SJid!" one of the swineherds ordered,
and the rest Joined In the demand,
brandishing their whips In my face. I
begged for mercy In the softest, most
supplicating tone I could command. I
had no cigarettes, I told them, and
addefl that I was almost fainting from
starvation.
"Then give us money for cigarettes,
you devil of a Jew. Chrlst-klller, Judas,
parasite!" all burst out at once, press
ing closer about me and punching me
with their -whips.
I declared piteously that I had only a
few coppers, which I would willingly
pive them for a piece of bread.
"Cigarettes or money!" all exclaimed.
Several struck me with the butts of
their whips, and I heard their whole
vocabulary of vituperation against my
race.
"Let me go!" I begged of them. feel-
Ing eo weak that I could scarcely walk
cr cry.
The biggest of them tore off my arba
kanfas and kicked my shins, felling me
to the ground, and the others laid their
whips over my body and face. "Give
us money or cigarettes!" they shouted.
I put my hand In my pocket to pull
out my last few coppers. But they were
gone. I muet have lost them In the
woods.
They thought I was trying to deceive
them and went through my pockets
themselves. On finding nothing the
biggest on* struck me In the Jaw with
his fist and said: "Give us cigarettes,
anyhow, you Christ-killer!"
I could make no answer. My sight
grew dimmer and dimmer and my
head whirled. The last I remember of
that incident are sharp cuts of whips,
furious dogs Jumping upon me, tearing
at my already torn clothes, and the
shrieking and whistling and laughing
of the swineherds.
CHAPTER VH.
I FALL AMONG GENTILES.
I was tn a stupor, half -waking, half
dozlng. when my ear caught the sound
of a voice. I wished to open my eyes,
but I felt so fatigued and rested so
pleasantly that I did not care to open
them, as we often feel on a cool morn
ing when th« alarm-clock strikes to
waken us. The faint sound became
clearer and clearer — It seemed to me
that the owner of the voice was draw
ing nearer to me until I could hear dis
tinctly words.
"He Is stirring."
This was not In a peasant's dialect,
but In pure Russian, which I was not
accustomed to hear.
"Sh — eh!" another voice cautioned.
I opened my eyes, turning them one
way, then another, and stared about
me In amazement. "I must be dream
ing," I said to myself Incredulously, as
I glanced at the fine bed on which I
lay and at the soft pillows and snow
white sheets, the like of which I had
rubbed my eyes again and surveyed
the room. It was spacious, with large
windows on two 'sides, and its walls
were hung with paintings and etchings.
'•How did I come here?" I asked my
self. I recalled my adventure with the
swineherds, and I realized, though
half-consdously, that a long period had
intervened between that incident and
the present, but I could not remember
anything that took place during the
lapse.
"How do you feel?" was asked of me
in a soft feminine voice.
I only smiled in reply. I could not
understand the meaning of all this; it
recurred to my mind that perhaps I
was dreaming, after all.
I said something In Yiddish, my
mother tongue, but the people about
me 6eemed not to understand It. Then
a sickly looking woman asked me in
Russian whether I wished for any
thing.
"I should like to know what hap
pened to me and where I am. I re
sponded In the peasant's dialect.
She smoothed my forehead and said
gently: "Lie stilL The doctor says you
must have rest."
I closed my eyes again. Gradually
my memory strengthened, and I began
to trace back step by step to the time
when I lost consciousness. I had a dim
recollection of being taken In a car
riage, of giving my name, and having
suffered great pain, but the rest was a
mist.
A few days later -I was strong enough
to sit up in bed propped up with pil
lows. How I had come here was now
clear to me, thanks to the information
of my good nurse.
Morovoyi Sudya (Justice of the
Peace) Alexis Bialnick, . the owner of
the big forest in which I spent the
night after the fire, found me lying In
the outskirts of the woods, half-naked
and unconscious. Finding his own ef
forts to revive me of no avail he or
dered me to be taken to his home. As
feeble as I was I had a strong Inclina
tion to rise and leave the house. My
benefactor was a gentile, his food was
trief ' (rltually unclean), and I feared
lest he should force me to baptism In
compensation for his kindness. I had
heard of such crafty proselytlsm, and
besides, ivho had ever heard of a gen
tile showing disinterested kindness to
a Jew? I remembered the warning
written by my grandfather on the fly
leaf of the Testament my mother had
left me. that we should shun gentile
favors, because they would be Invaria
bly followed by loss or injury.
However, these prejudices weakened
the longer I stayed in the house of the
sudya. He appeared to ma like an
angel coming to my rescue; and who
could tell but that he was Elijah met
amorphosed to the form of a boy (gen
tile)? My brain, always full of super
stitions and trusting in miracles, easily
credited the thought, and for a moment
I he!d my breath.
One morning, after I had become
able to move about the room, I was
asked to etep into the Eudya's study.
He was seated in a large arm-chair
4r.d was in the act of tossing a rubber
4"Charm and Courtesy In Conversa
tion" is the contribution' to the litera
ture of social arts of Frances Bennet
Callaway. While books of this genre
ESSENTIALS
of Perfect Home Life
"What Handwriting Indicates," by
John Rexford, is an odd book, which
is well calculated to afford amuse
ment to Its readers If It does nothing
else. Although it may not be taken
on faith that if a person signs his
name with large and aggressive capital
letters he thereby reveals his exces
sive ', amour propre or that weak
strokes in one's script indicate weak
will, cowardice, flirtatlousnes3 and a
dozen other fallings, yet the author
certainly gives every evidence of hav
ing delved to the very hardpan of his
subject. "Belief in graphology," says
Rexford, 1 "like belief in hypnotism, de
pends upon education, experience and
breadth of mind." After following
closely the very interesting deductions
of the author one Is led to believe that
a vivid Imagination must needs be not
One of the lenst prerequisites of the
perfect graphologist.
(G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York;
price ;i 25.)
TWO recent books, the one a col
lection of essays and the other
a work of fiction, have come
forth strong-voiced in protest
against the modern material
istic trend of the conception of home,
home influences and the sacredness of
child-bearing. "By the Fireside,"
from the pen of Charles Wagner, the
author of that inspiring book, "The
Simple Life," Is a high call to a break
from the artificiality and sordldness
bo common In the home life of these
days and a return to the healthful sim
plicity of our grandfathers' hearths.
James' and George Meredith's
are not for the crowd. Few of the
terms of criticism that* are brought
to bear on the average novel of the day
are adequate for a right Judgment of
Maartens' story, for it is not of the
category of the "popular novel." Here
is a work of distinction, a work on the
plane of what the very best English
and American contemporary writers
are producing. It is all subtle, all stu
diously contrived and artistically con
structed; none of the commonplace and
the shoddy trimmings at the made-ln
a-month novel of to-day have a place
in "Dorothea." Not great— that word
must be used guardedly— but surpass
ing the worth of the* ninety arid nine
pieces of fiction of the moment is
"Dorothea."
Maartens' novel Is one of manners;
the ranee of English society is its
province; life portrayed without exag
geration, without caricature, Is Its
AARTEN MAAHTENS* last
III novel, "Dorothea: A Story of
111 the Pure in Heart," is not a
I I book for the crowd, as Henry
"DOROTHEA" HAS
Merit of a High Order
Dr. W. H. Tolman. director of the
American Institute of Social Service,
and Charles Hemstreet. author of "Lit
erary New York" and other books
abcut the historical features of the
metropolis, have collaborated upon the
production of "The Better New York."
a unique combination of guide-book
and review of sociological conditions.
The arrangement of the book is such
that the stranger desiring .to assure
himself of the fact that New York,
even with "the lid off," Is not such a
bad sort of a place, may embark on a
Journey of observation through the
eleven districts set by the authors,
seeing everything that is being done
for the moral and social uplifting of
the great "tenth estate" Sailors'
homes, free kindergartens, settlement
schools and libraries for the poor are
al: described in detail by the authors.
The story of th regeneration of thou
sands of the hopelessly degraded people
of the tenements and the work being
dene In the interests of better citizen
ship and a fuller life by these institu
tions makes "The Better New York" a
book of value to every one whose aim
in life Is not to please self alone.
(The Baker & Taylor Company, New
York; illustrated.)
THE VIRGINIAN — Owen Wister;
The' Macmlllan Company. New York;
reprint in v&per: price 25 cents.
SISTER TERESA— George Moore: J.
B. LJppincott Company. Philadelphia;
reprint In paper: price 30 cents.
THE CAREER OF A BEAUTY—
John Strange Winter; J. B. Lipplncott
Company; Philadelphia; reprint in pa
per; price 50 cents.
THE CZAR'S PARDON — Rachel
Penn; J. B. Llppincott Company. Phil
adelphia; reprint In paper; price 60
cents.
HISTORY OF NORTH AMERICA—
Vols. I-IV.; Guy Carleton Lee. general
editor; George Barrie & Sons. Philadel
phia: Illustrated; sold in seta only.
THE DOUBLE GARDEN — Maurice
Maeterlinck; Dodd, Mead & Co., New
York; price U 40.
PRIVATE LIVES OF WILLIAM II
AND HIS CON3ORT— Henry W.
Fischer; Fischer's Foreign Letters.
Inc.. Bensonhurst, N. Y.; two vol
umes: $7.
FELICE CONSTANT — William C.
Sprague; Frederick A. Stokes Com
pany, New York.
THE WOMAN WITH THE FAN—
Robert Hlchens: Frederick A. Stokes
Company. New York.
THE MAGNETIC NORTH—Eliza
beth Robins; Frederick A. Stokes
Company, New York.
"IN A8SYPJAN TENTS— Louis Pen
dleton: The Jewish Publication Soci
ety: Illustrated.
THE FOOLISH DICTIONARY—Gid
eon Wurdz; The Robinson Luce Com
pany. Boston: Illustrated.
TOMFOOLERY— James Montgomery
Flagg; Life Publishing Company, New
York.
NANCY, STAIR — Elinor McCartney
Lane; D. Appleton & Co., New York;
price SI 60.
BY SNARE OP LOVE — Arthur W.
Marchmont; Frederick A. Stokes Com
pany; New York.
THE WOMAN WINS— Robert Barr:
Frederick A. Stokes Company, New
York.
THE CASTAWAY — Hallle Ermlnle
Rives; The Bobbs-Merrill Company,
Indianapolis; Illustrated by Christy;
price $1 50.
FRENCHY — William Sage; Scott-
Thaw Company, New York; illustrat
ed; price 51 50.
THE OTHER SIDE OF THE STORY.
Leslie Dervllle; G. W. Dllllngham Com
pany. New York; price $1 50.
JACK BARNABY — Henry James
Rogers: G. W. Dillingham Company,
New York: illustrated; price *1.
DESIRE— Charlotte Eaton; G. W.
Dillingham Company. New York;
price $1.
DUCHESS OF FEW CLOTHES—
Phillip Payne; Rand, McNally & Co..
Chicago.
New Books Received.
"Modern Arms and a Feudal Throne."
by T. Milner Harrison, sounds lively
enough and when you see in the front
ispiece a low, rakish tug-boat plunging
through a symmetrically carved hole
in the earth you are certain that here
you have a story that Is a story; an
other illustration, depicting a brawny
gentleman in knickers running his
sword away through anpther gentle
man's pectoral region, but adds to the
tremor of expectancy. Before you
read six chapters you discover the fact
that here Is one of those wild, weird
romances that are run serially In "The
Fireside Companion" or the "Boys'
Weekly Library," and unless your cu
riosity masters your literary sense of
the fitness of things six chapters will
quite suffice.
(R. F. Fenno. New York.)
"Little Gardens" by Charles M. Skin
ner is another semi-technical work
upon horticulture for home surround
ings. This book, however, has valu
able hints for the city dwellers whose
household plots are often, very sadly.
not large enough to- swing a
cat in. For such unfortunate mortals
Mr. Skinner has some especially valu
able hints. How to make tha little
city garden as gay and blooming a
spot as the more open lawns of th»
country places is what the author has
to tell. He does It in a very enter
taining manner.
(D. Appleton & Co., New Tork; il
lustrated; price $1 25.)
theme. Problems or lire are ever tne
cause of being for fiction of the higher
order. To trace the Inner workings
of the soul through its manifestations
of sentiment, of greed, of hatred; of
purity has ever called for the highest
that there Is of discernment and skill
In the author and the various inter
pretations mark the attitude toward
life of the several analysts. "Doro
thea," which seems to be the highest
and best effort of Its author, shows
that Maartens draws life with the
fidelity to detail and exactness of line
of a Durer engraving, each variation of
light and shade recorded Implicitly
with no attempt at Impressionism orthe
distortion of a feature for emphasis.
The panorama of restless, wind driven
life that Maartens presents is. above
all else, life with no garnitures, no
abridgments.
Dorothea, so runs the story, is the
motherless daughter of one Colonel
Sandring, \tjt by that world crusted in
dividual of little heart to be reared
from infancy by two God-fearing
maiden aunts. Dorothea lives, for
twenty-one years in this rarefied at
mosphere of piety and ideal purity of
thought, knowing naught of the world
or of the world's ways, nursing within
her girl's heart a philosophy of cold
asceticism, dogmatic as it is unyielding.
Then when her father suddenly takes
her out into the whirl of society, of
"high society," drops her into Paris
and at Monte Carlo, introduces her to
his circle of easy living, free thinking
friends, comes the demonstration o"
Dorothea's 'iron Sabbatarianism. Sur
rounded by gamblers, breathing the
same air with demimondaines, sneered
at and cajoled alternately by aristo
cratic rakes, the distraught puritan flle 3
to the relief of a marriage. with a. man
possessed, in part at least, of her own
spiritual exaltation. \
Then is exhibited more than ever
Dorothea's intolerance and bigotry.
Cold to every warm impulse of life
and love, devoid of sympathy for every
thing reflecting beauty or having sen
suous appeal, the,"icy northern beauty"
is alone to blame for her husband's
lapse from the strict path of virtue.
Then "God is dead," cries this affright
ed woman who finds that the icy prison
of her own house cannot withstand
the warm breath of life. Long Is pen
ance done by v the husband and long
Dorothea's fight for the maintenance
of her priginal anchorite's code, but in
the end, the words of a dying student
of religion melt down the barriers and
a new life on a saner footing opens be
fore the "pure in heart." The evolu
tion of a husband and wife is com
plete.
"Dorothea", is a book crowded close
with characters, each of then! contrib
uting; to the grand scheme of the book's
wide scope. Each Is not a personifica
tion of all that isgood or bad, foolish
or perverse; in true similitude to life
each character plays many parts, Is
many Bided.' Remarkable variety, is
there in the personages, of the: story.
As droll and as I distinctive, each from
the other, as those ancient worthies
"bj . aventur* yf alto
In fellowihlp, and pilgrim* wer« they all
That toward Canterbury woulden rid*."
(D. Appleton & Co., New York; price
$1 60.) <
"A Gingham Rose" by Alice Woods
Ullman is distinctly a "wishy-washy"
book — that provincialism describes it In
so pat a manner as to excuse its use.
The story purports to be a study of tha
progressive phases of the artistic tem
perament, the attainment unto the high
essence cf esthetic exaltation; it is,
however, only a very eilly, very tire
some recital of the feelings and the
doings of some ludicrously machine
made individuals. The ueual sauce of
epigram is served up with this literary
comfit In order that the stereotyped
piquancy for such stereotyped stories
may be present.
" 'Bah:' said the Big Bear, 'my por
ridge is too cold!" " "The Gingham
Rose" i3 cold porridge.
(Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapo
lis; price 51 50.)
Yes, here is another of the good old
"romantic novels," so styled, which
kept everybody up nights some five or
six years ago, which were dramatized,
plagiarized, satirized, harried and
tumbled until the book world was a
bristling wilderness of pike staves,
swords and daggers. And still Mr.
Stephens, who was then in his heyday
with his "Enemies to the King" and his
"Road to Paris," keeps a fond eye on
the scarlet robed vogue of the past and
delivers himself of another child of the
same spawn. "The Bright Face of
Danger" forsooth; in the motley throng
of "Rulers of Kings," "The Boss," "The
Cost." "The Lightning Conductor,"
stories whirring with the Jangle and
rattle of the. hard, materialistic present,
such* befrilled and berlbboned pet of
the past is as out of place as a Lon
don dandy in an Arizona grog shop.
Mr. Stephens either has great belief,
in the magic of his name or great
trust In fortune that he should produce
such a gay sweet willlam in the modern
literary garden of garish sunflowers
and rankly flourishing nightshade.
Henri de Launay, a youth of some
what bloodless and bookish tempera
ment, is taken In hand by the author
at a tender age and made the hero of
ndventures such as a Prince Rupert
never dreamed. At the outset his fair
lady taunts him with his studiousness
and distaste for the life strenuous such
as it was lived In the France of Henri
Quatre. Stung Into a fine fury, young
Henri de Launay makes a vow, assez
simple, that he will show the_jajjr one
the stuff in him by going to Paris, and
removing from a very truculent 9pung
brave residing there his , mustaches.
.This laudable purpose eet for him. the
bookish man starts out, kills a
man in a duel within ten leagues of
home and goes to the rescue of a fair
unknown that he surmises to be in dis
tress. She is, of course. She is mewed
up in a grim, gray castle by a count of
tne most unlovely disposition. The
hero therefore proceeds to get her out,
that proceeding occupying the full
measure of the story.
"As I could not get the dagger out of
the other man's shoulder joint in time,
I drew my sword. • • • Wild with
horror at the prospect of their meeting
so hideous a death, I sprang into the
air and ran my sword straight into the
panting mouth of Garoche, so that the
point came out at the back of his neck.
• • • I wiped my weapons on the
clothes of the slain murderersl The
Countess fell on her knees and
thanked heaven for our preservation."
Thus runs this rarely wondrous tale of
the bookish young man, who wades up
to the top of his Jack boots in floods of
red and white corpuscles.' And he does
not get the mustaches, but wins the
Countess, a mere substantial reward
of valor," we take It ]
"The Bright * Face of Danger" Is
bright enough to dazzle all that BtUl
turn' the backward* glance to'the.tlu
pot and long feather daya of high'ro
mance. Others, not so inclined, may
not read any farther than the Rope
Ladder chapter, or The Parting/!
(S. C. Page & Co., Boston; Illus
trated: price SI 60.)
ings: Monsieur Henri de
Lavnay Sets Out on a Journey, The
Chateau de Lavardin, The" Rope Lad
der, Th* Sword of/ .La Tournoire. Now
putting two and J two together, what
kind of a- story would you say this was
upon these evidences? A historical,
swash-buckling novel say you; scene
laid in France of the seventeenth cen
tury; sword and rapier, doublet and
casque— all the stage properties com
plete? Good, gentle and astute reader,
take your place at the head of the
class.
THE Bright Face of Danger" Is
the name of Robert Nellson
Stephens' latest story- Here
are some of the chapter head-
YET ANOTHER
Novel of High Romance
To Cicero's conception of the wofth
of old age to self, to the family and
the state Wagner adds an especially
beautiful thought: that old age must
act as the fining fire for youth not only
In affairs of the world, but in mutual
intercourse, the one with the other.
"So when the old-time trying of
conclusion between age and youth la
renewed in the family circle," says
the author, "when the seething young
wills rise against the institutions and
customs of other days, there is no need
of trembling for the future. This is
Just as it ought to be, always on con
dition that this Juvenile exuberance
finds its check. For. left entirely to
Itself, its work would ba only confus
ing. The ardor of youth Is an ele
ment of life and progress, provided it
be restrained, tempered and guided
by the wisdom of age."
"Heart of My Heart," 'Ellis Mere
dith's book, is indeed unique in the
records of fiction — so unique that
there may be some who will scoff;
but, have they any eou!s, they will re
main to ponder, at least, If not to
pray. The author seeks to trace the
metamorphosis which comes to a
woman's soul with the knowledge that
of her body there is to be born a man.
With a sureness of touch and a deli
cacy of sentiment Ellis Meredith re
veals all th« store of mother love that
grows with each »pulsing of the life
nascent, every high hope and fond re
solve builded about the mystery of
conception. The story Is instinct with
purity of ideal and exaltation of
thought.
(McClure, Phillips & Co., New
Tork.)
"By the Fireside" Includes twenty
two essays, serene and encouraging,
essays which have, all of them, to do
with those little commonplaces of
home and home life that may seem
Insignificant in their several essences,
but which, combined, make for the
broadness and the perfection of all
that the \true home represents. Ven
eration for the paternal rooftree and
a full accord to the instinct of a per
manent abiding place for every man
are two of the cardinal lessons Wag
ner would teach. A family spirit of
unity and of respect for this, at once
the least and the greatest unit of all
government, makes a nation builded
firmly on the rock of the ideal in the
author's mind. There is a "religion
for the fireside."
EIII3 Meredith approaches the prob
lem from the aspect of the high dig
nity of maternity, giving us a remark
ably wholesome and uplifting message
which reflects the nobility and the
beauty inherent in woman's dlvlnest
office.
The latest volume In the Baker &
Taylor Co.'s "Stories of the Churches"
i3 the history of the Congregational
ist3 by Leonard W. Bacon. Well qual
ified for his subject, as his noteworthy
"History cf American Christianity"
attests, the Rev. Mr Bacon has pro
duced a book notably free from sectar
ian rancor and broadly tolerant. The
subject presents peculiar difficulties,
because so many churches that are
truly congregational are outside of the
denomination which calls itself the
Congregational Church. Mr. Bacon
succeeds admirably in tracing tha his
tory of the Congregational principle
and of Congregational bodies. Ths
schism between evangelical and Unitar
ian Congregationalism is fairly related,
the later history of Unltarianlsm sum
marized without acerbity, and the mis
sionary achievements of the Congrega
tional body are warmly appreciated
though they might have been more ad
equately set forth.
(The Baker & Taylor Co., New York;
price ?1.)
The book abounds with sentences
wfclch attract our barkening;, some
samples cf which are herein culled
but no doubt the reader could find
many more forceful according to his
fancy of the right trick of fitting; apt
cyllables close as a skull cap to the
heads of things that happen and like
labels to the personages who per
form for our admiration, or detesta
tion, upon the historic stage. Here's
one at randura: it's his Majesty George
III; and the sentence Is akin to those
pictures which are so good they scarce
ly need to be named: "He had not
the capacity to shield his natural little
ness by surrounding himself with great
men, as many a mediocre sovereign
has done." Here is one that tells of a
great man's one great weakness:
"Hamilton believed democracy to be a
diseare." After giving Andrew John
eon fair praise for that side of him
which was strong with virtues. Elson
draws his faulty e!de thus. "The belli
gerent, egotistical, tactless man from
Tennessee." He does Cleveland thus:
"One cf the most able and honest of
American Presidents found himself al
most without party, chiefly through his
own want of tact." This ia Funston,
whoso right to fame the press has re
cently questioned:. "Aguinaido was
captured by a clever though undigni
fied strategy." Ard here's Nathaniel
Greene: "Never won a battle, but al
ways won the campaign, which was
the vital thing after all." This is
Henry Kncx: "A Boston bookseller, a
corpulent man with a winning smile
and a Jcrlly laugh, who soon won his
way into Washington's heart, and who
Elson says that ha has striven to
be Impartial and so well has .the book
fulfilled this effort that were its au
thorship anonymous the reader, by put
ting two and two together, of pages
recording opposing opinions and forces,
might well be kept guessing as to
what section the writer belonged by
birth or adoption, and to what party
aad principles he rare preference in
his personal being;, as distinguished
frota his offldsi capacity of fair and
true historian. Not always, thus,
thocrh. and to a slip or two attention
may be called later.
The work Is excellently arranged as
to divisions, contents, directory, list
at maps and all so placed as to make
plain the narrative as it swiftly moves,
condensed chronology pages, dates ar
ranged oonve-'ently close to each im
portant paragraph, so as not. as some
bock, do, keep the soul of the hurried
reader harried with the wonder,
••When, oh when, did this decisive
thlcr happen V aad more admirable
than all In mero mechanical makeup
Is tha contrivance of footnotes so that
Che vwlrt learner can at his pleasure
skip, skim, or study, special points
wtthotit. thereby breaking; the continu
ity of tha main narrative.
The volume makes no epedalty of
any particular period of our history,
but shows in correct perspective all the
main events of our country's develop
ment from the time of the discovery
of the continent, when Columbus, all
eplendid In his scarlet robes, landed on
Can Salvador and kneeled him there to
thank his God for the realization of
his long-cherished dream— on. on, the
klrietoscope pictures pass, down to this
very date when Uncle Sam, smiling
triumphant Eharpens his spade to cut
that great canal which shall open a
short, swift way for the world's com
merce and perchance, too, Christian
Ideals, to that far Cathay, the west
ern path to which Columbus sought
as he so persistently followed the set
ting sun until ha found a something
greater than the coal of which he
Creamed.
-_ GOOD plan which has come to
M completion out of the contcm
\,\ platlon of many years is Elson's
Fj "History of the United States,"
I in a single volume, complete,
* without being cumbersome,
brief, but not bereft of the beauty of
literary style nor sufficient fullness to
throw before the mind's eye of the
reader more vjyid realizations of well
culled memorable events In our coun
try's life than usually lie within the
scope of contracted histories.
Elson s«t himself the task skillfully
to cpllt the difference between those
many voluraed histories made for peo
ple with long hours of leisure and spe
cial students who must delve deeper
than the average, and the other ex
treme of books which condense chrono
logically crowded, coldly staled facts,
pood enough for echool purposes, be
fore the learner's mind has evolved to
the necessity of wise comment and the
delightful uses of literary art as ap
plied to making crystals out of the
Jumble of stuff which comes amor
phous to the historian's hand. He
did it.
though protracted to the dan
gerous limit of more than fc-ur hun
dred pages. With Gordon's last battle
with the Mullah as a prologue Mrs.
Whitehouse spins out a tale somewhat
melodramic in places, but replete with
lively incidents, the shadows of mys
tery and all of the distinctive oriental-
Ism of the nether East. Perhaps it ia
patriotism which Induces the author to
Introduce! into the palm shadowed
deserts ; of ;: the Soudan quite a half
ece-re of "v/ay down East" folk. Maine
folk in fact! A llaine man or a Maine
maiden, would seem to be somewhat out
of place In a romance of Egypt did not
the author make them rise to the oc
casion with true Yankee resourceful
ness. The Effendi is an odd individual,
not without considerable power to at
tract: sorr.e of his .speeches would
sound better from the stage of the
Central, however, than in cold print.
"The Effendi" is of average worth —
nothing remarkable about it; nothing,
either, to which great exception can
be taken.
(Little, Brown & Co., 'Bostcn; price
?1 50.)
mHE Effsndi.'Wa romance of the
4 4 I Soudan by Mrs. Florence
I Brooks Whitehc/use. Is in the
£ main a very readable story.
OUR HISTORY
Well Told in a Volume
many years later became a member or
his first Cabinet." And this Is the last
Eentence touch* he puts upon his pic
ture of the writer of the Declaration
of Independence: "This vast being,
the Public, has discovered his strength,
and it was Thomas Jefferson above all
men who awakened him' to Relf-ccm
sclousness." This is Lincoln, the love
of whom reveals Itself in every line the
writer put on paper: "Apparently con
fiding with his friends, his inmost soul
was fathomless and was veiled from
every eye. Awkward and ungainly in
appearance, there was something so
deeply impressive In h!s face that none
who ever saw him could forget it."
One of the advantages of getting hold
cf a hi6tory done by a man with some
literary art is that it encourages busy
people to reread what they have learned
long ago but half forgotten, and now to
see them again in the light of other
eyes than those which saw and repro
duced them for us in the yon of
younger days often gives back the
forgotten with fresh revealed features
to the whole face of affairs. This is
one of those kind of books; it's not
wholly for the new-come foreigner
finding out the past nature of the big
beast which is going to try to assimi
late him, nor altogether for the adoles
cent American who is learning for
the first time ' of the misdeeds and
heroic successes of his ancestors. Elson
calls our attention to some things
which we should not forget, but which
he says the masses of the people have
almost forgotten; for instance, al
though the word Saratoga still rings
resoundingly in the popular ear, yet
not so the name of Philip Schuyler,
who is the hero with which that battle
sound, should mingle as we cheer It
down the ages. Technically speaking,
some one else won the victory, but
historic research shows that Schuyler
made the thing happen; and the name
of the othdr man Is less worthy of
the laurel of our recollections.
Good indeed, and intensely Interest
ing, are the things he. has selected to
tell us so graphically about the main
movements and the foremost men of
the Civil War. So fair has he tried to
be In his descriptions that it would
seem that the veterans alike of the
North and the South might read of
how the struggle looks to a recent
historian without one angry pulse
beat In their heroic hearts against an
unrestrained and ungenerous pre
judice which must perforce be born in
the blood of every American for gen
erations to come. Such generous re
straint does Elson show, although he
admits that he must probably have
some of the natural prejudice of a
man Northern born. Bo generous in
deed, that when he tells us of the hour
when Southern resistance had surged
to the highest point it had the power
reach, the charge of Plckett's brigade
up the heights to Cemetery Ridge, he
swells the heart responsive to relation
of heroic deeds almost as If there were
something Southern in him which
spoke spontaneously and made him ap
propriate to his own soul the glory of
that flower of the Confederate army as
If he felt It were not merely sectional
and Southern, but American and man.
As for Elson'a slips Into perhaps un
conscious prejudice, consider this sen
tence carefully, and with the mouth
prepared to smile, for it sounds more
like a Joke than a prejudice: "I have
refrained from using the term 'rebel'
• • • to designate those who rose in
rebellion against the Government, be
cause of my profound respect for their
sincerity." No doubt Elson is sincere,
and yet the sentence sounds as who
should say: "I am too courteous a fel
low-dtlzen, and too impartial a his
torian to call them 'rebels,' but, con
demn them, they were rebels, who rose
In rebellion, all the same, although,
out of courtesy, I don't say It In good
set terms." Perhaps Mr. Elson meant
the sentence for a bon mot; but at all
events so unprejudiced is he in other
ways that even a Southern man might
smilingly "let that pass," saying, he
la a fairly good fellow anyway, take
him for all in all.
(The Macmlllan Company, New
Tork; 51 75 net.)
BRIEF NOTES
on Books of the Hour
are apt to be looked nt rather askance
by the suspicious ones, who believe
they see in .the title only another
"Guide to Good Breeding" or 'The
Perfect Letter Writer" of the cheap
bookstalls, all credit must be allov/ed
the author for writing 1 something that
has in it the rinjj of genuineness. In
stead of dictating formulas of conver
sation to be followed at card parties,
at teas or theater parties, the writer
delivers herself of some very pleasant
and very homely advice upon guarding
the tongue, "getting along with peo
ple," polite lying and other kindred
conditions made or marred by the
work o£ the tongue. "The great crime
of conversation to-day 13 thoughtless
ness"; thi3 is one of the author's
aphorisms. Here are others: "Do not
exact too much admiration for self,
children or possessions." "Don't tajk
so fast." "Don't talk so much."
(Dodd. Meajl & Co., New York;
price S5 cents.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL'.
A GLANCE AT THE BOOKSHELVES
5I ran my canoe close In and sprang
upon the bank before they saw me.
It was growing dark, what with the
¦tonn and the lateness of the hour.
Miss Milwood turned and gave a glad
cry.
"Oh; Jack!" she said piteously. "I'm
so glad. We've been- unable to get
home! Our canoe was beaten back
by the storm and it upset and we were
thrown into the water, and it was a
mercy It was near the shore, else we'd
have drowned!"
"How did you escape?" I asked
stiffly.
••We — we waded! And I'm chilling
to death. Jack!" Her lips were blue
with cold and she shivered miserably.
Poor Blakeslee was in no better
plight. ;
I hastened to right the other canoe.
with Blakeslee's help. Then I put the
luckless boatman aboard, paddled
him across to the mainland and bade
him sprint for the hotel and get a
roaring fire ready. I then recrossed
the river, lifted the terrified girl into
the large canoe, tied the other behind
and set out in the teeth of the storm.
Doggedly and steadily, keeping as
much as possible in the lea of the
shore we crept down the angry sheet
of water. Mis3 Milwood. strangely
ouiet, huddled in the bottom of the
canoe and said not a word. But I
could hear her teeth chattering and I
felt love and pity struggling hard with
my new resolution to be grimly firm
and uncompromising.
My muscles were aching and my
heart throbbing as though It would
ourst when at last we drew into the
shelter of the boathouse. I fastened
fhe canoes and lifted the wet figure
""Oh* Jack!" she quavered. "I should
have died if you hadn't — — "
"I beg you won't mention it, Miss
Milwood." I said with exaggerated
politeness." It was a mean thing to
say— I realized it at the time; but it
was necessary if I was to crush the
fierce longing to take her in my arms.
I hurrifed her up to the hotel. * rom
time to time she pushed back her wet
hair and gazed at me with a pathetic
wistfulness which I affected not o
see. The storm had blown swiftly
away and the big white moon was
sailing through the sky dotted with
scudding cloudrift.
I resigned her to the care of the so
licitous Mrs. Kerens, who was all sym
pathy and bustling motherllness.
Blakeslee. was there. In an agony of
contrition. I went away, changed my
wet clothing and sat down within tha
half-lighted library, gloomily watching
the pine logs In the wide fireplace.
After about an hour a timid hand
parted the curtains and I knew without
turning my head who it was. She came
in slowly.
"Jack," she said tremulously.
I sprang to my feet and offered ner »
chair. She refused to notice it. She
held out her hands. I In turn refused
to notice them.
"Jack." she whispered, **ar« you an
gry?"
"Not at all. Miss MHwoodr I w-
Joined. still excessively polite and
proper. "I am merely going t» re
form."
She knew.
For a moment she stood silent, with
her head bent down. I stood gasteg
over her head with eyes which dared
not look for a moment at hers, else all
were lost. Then I heard her sob.
"It was a bad day for butterflies!" I
muttered huskily.
6he glanced up and I saw her eyes
filled with tears. "This butterfly is
tired, Jack— dear Jack*" she whispered,
"It doesn't want to fly!"
"Never — for always?"
"Never — for always!"
It was good — all that wretchedness
and anxiety of long months, when she
lay tight against my breast and I
kissed the perverse, red lips— meek
now, and sweetly submissive. Per
verse no more— for the butterfly was
caught!
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAIXV
bedeviled heart I knew it would be the
truth.
I dug up my pipe and polluted the
sweet summer air for rods around. I
determined to be a pessimist and a
cynic and spend the rest of my life
sheering at everything I used to like. I
Jeered at the idea of human felicity and
wished I'd never been born. I had
what is technically known as the mol
lygrubs. And then—
the pines and already the wind waa
beginning to sway the tree tops. , I
rose and looked up : the river. No
canoe was in sight. Filled with alarm
I climbed into my canoe — a tiny thing
— and paddled furiously up the stream
ahead of the risins wind.
• Half a mile up the river and no sign
of the canoeists. The wind swept
down and almost Instantly, the water
was beaten into whitecaps and the llt-
tie shell bobbed like a cork, but I held
it straight ahead and watched it with
the Instinct of one trained to the pad
dle. And then the rain came!
As I rounded a bend in the chan
nel I saw them. They were huddled
under a heavy pine near the water's
edge. The waves were trying to drag
the canoe away from the bank and
Blakeslee, the picture of woe, was
struggling to get it ashore.
(Copyright. 1904, by Lowell O. Reese.)
j- . SAINT would have been driven
f\ frantic by the girl. I threw up
I I my hands, figuratively, groaned
V, I literally and with an expletive
X not at all in harmony with the
best ethics of polite society, declared
to my tortured soul that she had the
Fphinx bfaten a milr.
Thr same not beinp an elegant thing
to do, I excuse it only on the ground
that I was worried to tlip point of
Irresponsibility. 1 swore by all the
gods, from th^ little mud god of the
Digper Indian to the war god Thor,
never to have anythir.fr more to say to
her. Fifteen minutes later I was back
on the hotel veranda watching that
tantalizing, inscrutable glint in Jier
eye?. For I was human and she was
very dear to me.
And the worst of it was— 6he knew
it. Once let a girl know you love her
and you are lost.
"And you don"t wish me to go out
with Mr. Blakesloe?" she said with
provoking mildness. "And why,
please ?"
"First." I broke out. "because you're
going to marry me; and that in itself
©ughv— "
"Indeed! And will you kindly tell
*ie just when 1 promised to marry
you. Mr. Jack "Wei-ton?"
She wasn't angry. I had not even
that satisfaction. But I was both
angry and in love.
"You— well, you know it's as gooJ
as settled," I began, but she inter
rupted me.
"As— good — as— settled!" she mur
mured dreamily. "Watch me now!"
the said. She lifted her hand toward
a brilliant butterfly which had alight
ed upon a rose at the eage of the
porch. Her fingers onencd. "See!"
6he said, breathlessly, "I reach my
hand— my fingers nearly touch him.
Have I got him. v though? It seems all
I have to do is close my fingers — so
— ah — '." The gaudy creature eluded
her just as her fingers brushed his
Btrij>ed wings. "I didn't get him!"
6he sighed. "And I was so sure of
him!"
She jumped up. gave me a teasing
emile and ran down the steps. Pres
ently I saw her. with Blakeslee. going:
toward the boat, landing. A little later
they were moving briskly up the river
—and then I saw —
It made my heart stop. Blakeslee,
palpably, was the rawest dub in a ca
noe. And a canoe with an unskillful
band on the paddle is about as danger
ous as a powder mill with a live coal
knocking about in it.
I started involuntarily toward the
boat landing where my own canoe lay.
Then I turned on my heel and stamped
back. Not to save a thousand lives—
my own included — would I be seen fol
lowing them. They and all the rest of
the world would attribute it to Jeal
ousy; and—
And deep down in my poor, aching
"You remember the Constantla,
Kara, do you not remember Ulrlch?
It is but five years—"
She put her .hand in his hesitatingly.
"But they said Baron—'*
"The title has come to me through
my great- uncle, it means nothings — to
you. I hop* I am still Ulrlch Gesner
to you."
She turned and* introduced him to her
friends.
"It Is strange to me* to find her Miss
Venn," the younger man said, holding
out his hand, and looking appeallngly
into Coleridge's honest eyes. "I was
told a year ago that she was—mar
ried/;
The firm, white hand held his an
Instant longer than was conventionally
necessary.
"If you and Miss Venn will relieve
us of the carriage, . Mr. Gesner, Mrs.
Gray and I wish' to walk a little
way—"
Kara looked at him with misty eyes.
How. sincere and cordial he was. and
how friendly of him to say Mr. Ges
ner Instead of that strange Baron Jo
minl. She put out both hands lmpuls
tvabt • - - v
"You are so good, Mr. Qolerldge— f
He put her carriage wrap over her
shoulders. "Go. little girl," he whis
pered, "and let nothing bar your way
to happiness." ,** J
When Coleridge and Mrs. Gray
reached The Octagon it was Miss
Falrlie who let them ta. She lingered
for a moment in th* restibule. after
he had said good-night, and Mrs. Gray
had turned away to remove her wraps.
¦'"I am so very, very sorry— ** she
said earnestly.
He smiled ' with instant comprehen
sion.
"I thank you for your sympathy.
You have been my good friend. But
you do not understand— it la quite
misplaced. Good night."
As she passed the parlor door she
heard Kara's voice, tremulous with
excitement. "Not for forty great
barons would I allow a stranger to
play the music of my Ulrlch!"
And the stranger's soothing Teles
replied: "The great Baron, my dear
est, was very glad to play second Tiodf
Un to Kara Venn."
Miss Fairlie, smiling inimitably,
went us tha stair*.
(Copyright. l»04. by Otho B. Senga.)
THE girl with the violin, standing
before the great box of orchids,
sighed heavily.
"Oh.dear, why is everything in
life so unsatisfactory?"
"My dear Kara," said the woman
who read stories. "I hope you don't
consider those magnificent orchids
unsatisfactory?" :
"No, no; they are beautiful, but—"
"Perhaps it is the giver—" suggest
ively.
"So, Mr. Coleridge la all' that a
man might, could, would or should
be— except— only— **
"Don't tell me unless you wish,
Kara," said the other, kindly. "I have
no desire to pry into your affairs.** ; ,*
"But I do wish," cried Kara, des
perately. "Oh, Miss Fairlie, you think
I care for nothing but my violin, but
there was some one— In Switzerland—
Z thought he cared— but he never said
so—"
"But he writes to you?**
"Not now, I have not heard for
nearly a" year. He waa hardly more
than a boy, and he may have forgot
ten. If I only knew—'*
"Do you mean,** Miss Fairlie said
gently, "that If you knew he did not
care you could be glad of the orchids
—end Vr, ColertflfeT**
"Tro not sure of that, but I cannot
be happy in even accepting the orchids
when I think of Ulrlch. Ulrica would
bring me snowflowers*. with the breath
of the cold and the light of the stars
upon them. These— they oppress me
— they seem to epeak of heat and of —
money."
"They mean money," said Miss
Fairlie, gravely, "but they probably
mean much more than that to the
giver. If they mean only that to
you—" and a little Icy note uncon
sciously hardened her voice.
The other did not notice.
"I am grateful to him for these and
for all his kindnesses. He has offered
his carriage' for to-night— Mrs. Gray Is
to chaperone me, you know."
"Oh, yes, to-night is the Bardner
concert. I hope it will be a great tri
umph for you, Kara. And perhaps, dear
little girl, perhaps some of your doubts
may be settled for you to-night."
"I wish you and Kathleen were go
ing," wistfully.
"My dear," and a alight trace of bit
terness crept Into the even tones,
"when you are Mrs. James Coleridge
you will likely be invited to many af
fairs that are entirely out of ray life.
You are going to play something of
your own to-night, aren't you, Kara?"
"Yes, that one for two violins — the
Ttanz des Vacbes* comes in from the
distance, you remember."
"Yes, I remember it; it la beautiful."
"It Is not entirely my own composi
tion, Miss Falrlie; Ulrlch wrote the solo
"But you would, like to play that
yourself?" smiling down on her.
"1 _would," she answered quietly,
"you cannot understand, of course,
but that part belongs to — to some one
else in a way that I cannot bear t»
have a stranger "
"Enough, madame, you are first vio
lin. Begin." >
It was indeed a triumph for Kara.
The velvety applause pattered on and
on, and the two violinists were begged
to play again.
'.'Can you remember 'Loved One, Ever
Near?* " he whispered.
She turned a white, startled face
toward hlnC That was Ulrica Ges
ner's own! How could this Baron
Somebody—
"Quick, madame, the audience—"
"I remember," slowly, half-fright
ened.'
"Play, then. I will taxe second."
And this time the excluslves fairly
rose in their chairs to express their
enthusiasm.
"Miss Venn is exceedingly fortu
nate," said .Mrs. Bardner, "and Baron
Jomlni — "
"Miss Venn, madame? Did you say
Miss Venn?" interrupted the Baron,
eagerly. ¦
"I did," returned hla hostess, coldly,
"I would introduce' you but— ** '¦ &-kV,
"We need not introductions, ** qtdofc-
Iy. "we are old friends."
He - turned abruptly toward Kara,
who was standing . with Coleridge and
Mra. Gray. i
handsome young player.
"An importation, if I may so express
it, 'Of my own," she announced quite
audibly to the satellites circled about
her.
She swooped down upon Kara with
her. frigid air.
"At the last moment. Miss Venn,
that wretched Alboni sends me word
he is 111. So very annoying on his
part! In order to give you an oppor
tunity to play, I will ask Baron Jominl
to play with you, but of course you
must give him the first part. I could
not ask so great a musician to play
second f,o any one." .
. "But, Mrs.' Bardner, ! I could not per
mit any one else to play first violin
in this composition under any circum
stances," Kara protested firmly.
Mrs. Bardner stared at her, coldly
incredulous.- . ~"
"You evidently do not understand.
If I can- prevail upon' Baron Jominl
to play first violin your composition
will have a chance to be heard—other
wise "^.and a scornful shrug of the
sholders completed- the sentence.
The great" violinist listened to Mrs*
Bardner and went at once to Kara's
side.
- "1 am pleased to play with you,
madame," he said with simple cour
tesy, and took the music from her
shaking fingers, "which* part, ma
dame?" ¦ . . i. • ¦ -\'
"You are kind to play at all/* she
responded ' earnestly, "and, ¦ of course,
I must «ive you the first "
for the first violin, and he used to play
first in that when we were studying to
gether. I play first now, of course, and
Signor Alboni will take second."
"I prophesy a most gratifying suc
cess; and, Kara, I am deeply impresed
with the feeling that much more than
success — happiness — will come - to you
to-night. Go now and dress before your
carriage comes."
"She Is Just what he ought to have,"
mused Miss Fairlie, when the girl had
rone, "beautiful, gifted— how proud he
will be of her. Bee, the unappreclative
child has forgotten the orchids!"
The excluslves at the Bardner con
cert softly tapped their gloved fingers
In delight. The Bardner affairs were
always bo charmingly unique!
"&he has some foreign nobleman here
to-night," whispered one .. beringed
dame to another, "Italian, I think. He
has consented to play here, a wonder
ful vlolliiist."
The nobleman was introduced with
many flourishes— the Baron Jominl,
who had constnttd to honor, etc., etc.
He played magnificently. Mr. Coler
idge watched the girl with the violin.
She seemed as unawed as if she were
at home, and he sighed rellevedly.
"She Is a thoroughbred!" he J whis
pered to Mrs. Gray.
"She is a thoroughly good girl," re
turned that lady, somewhat sharply.
She* fancied Coleridge's expression
rather "horsey," and hardly approved.
The treat Mrs. Bardner swelled with
nrid* at the sensation created hy her
By Otho B. Seng'a
THE SECOND VIOLIN
TWO BUTTERFLIES.
Suddenly a great light broke over me,
and I saw where I had been playing
the fool instead of the wise general. I
had been giving her all the advantage;
and as I reviewed my case I grew "ut
terly and thoroughly ashamed of my
self. The spectacle of a great six-foot
grown-up man toddling around, be
seeching a small girl to love him! How
could she. when 1 was bo devoid of
stamina as that?
And then 1 determined that, come
what might, I would do sp no more. It
might break my heart, but I was de- '
termined. Then, too, my heart was all
crushed to frazzles anyway; so a little
more breaking would' be a mere inci
dent not worth considering.
A mutter of thunder in the west
and I glanced up in apprehension. A
black cloud was rolling up through
6LIFE IN CHILE
It was • o'clock - when we got the
word, and daylight before we got the
rotary against it. They bucked away
till noon with discouraging results, and
came In with their gear smashed and
a driving rod fractured. It looked as If
we were beaten.
No. 1 got into McCloud eighteen hours
Not until April did it begin to look
as if we should win out. A dozen times
the line was all but choked on us. And
then, when enow plows were disabled
and train crews desperate, there came
a storm that discounted the worst bliz
zard of the winter. As the reports
rolled in on ' the morning of the Sth,
growing worse as they, grew thicker.
Neighbor, dragged out, played out men
tally and physically, threw up his
hands. The 6th it .snowed all day, and
on Saturday morning the section men
reported thirty feet In the Blackwood
Canyon. . *
snow kept falling and blowing. The
trick v/as not to clear the line, It was
to. keep it clear. Every day we sent
out trains with the fear we should not
see them again for a week.
Freight we didn't pretend to move;
local pnssenger business had to h*t
abandoned. Coal, to keep our engines
and our towns supplied, we were
obliged to carry, and after that all
the brains and the muscle and the mo
tive power were centered on keeping
1 and 2, our through passenger trains,
running.
Our trainmen worked like Ameri
cans; there were no coward3 on our
rolls. But after too long- a strain
men become exhausted, benumbed,
indifferent, reckless even. The nerves
give out and will power seems to halt
on indecision, but decision is the life
of the fast train.
None of pur conductors stood the
hopeless fight like Sankey. Sankey
Was patient, taciturn, untiring and, in
a conflict with the elements, ferocious.
All the fighting blood of his ancestors
seemed to course again in tho struggle
with the winter king. I can see him
yet, on bitter days, standing along
side the track, In a heavy peajacket
and Napoleon boots, a sealskin cap
drawn. snugly over hla straight, black
hair, watching, ordering, signaling,
while No. 1, with its frost bitten sleep
ers behind a rotary, struggled to buck
through the ten and twenty foot cuts,
which lay bankful of snow west of
McCloud.
But during the last moments Georgie
Sinclair stepped up to the booth and
cast a storm of votes for old man San
key. Doto-n's friends and Stewart's
votes kept pouring in amazingly. The
favorites grew frightened; they pooled
their issues by throwing Stewart's vote
to Doton; but it wouldn't do. Georgie
Sinclair, with a crowd of engineers-
Cameron, Moore. Foley, Bat Mullen
and Burns— came back at them with
such a swing that in the final round
up they fairly swamped Doton. San
key took the lantern by .a' thousand
votes, but I understood It cost Georgie
and his friends a pot of money.
Barfkey said all the time he didn't
want the lantern, but, just the same,
he always carried that particular lan
tern, with his full name,\Sylvester
Sankey, ground into the glass just be
low' the • green mantle. . Pretty ' soon,
Neeta being 18. it was rumored that
Sinclair was engaged to Miss Sankey —
was going to marry her. . And. marry
her he did, though that .was not until
after the wreck In the Blackwood
gorge, the time of the big snow. -
It goes yet by just that name on the
West End, for never was such a win
ter and such a snow known' on the
plains and in the mountains.. One
train on the northern division • was
stalled. six weeks that winter and one
whole coach was chopped up for kind
ling wood.. •
But the 'great and desperate effort
of the company was to hold open the
main line, the artery which connected
the two coasts. It was a hard winter
on trainmen. Week after week the
When the railway trainmen held
their division fair at McCloud there
was a lantern to be voted to the most
popular conductor— a gold-plated lan
tern with a green curtain In the globe.
Cal Stewart and Ben Doton, who were
very swell conductors, and great rivals,
were the favorites and had the town
divided over their chances for winning
it. t
paying compliments— when Georgie
pulled into town on No. 2, If it was
Sankey's train, j the big skyscraper
would give a short, hoarse scream; a
most peculiar note, just as they drew
past Sankey's house, which stood on
the brow of the hill west of the yard's.
Then Neeta would know that No. 2
and her father and, naturally, Mr. Sin
clair were in again and all was safe
and sound.
train had his camera snapping at the
ram. The town, gathered in tt* single
great mob, looked silently on, and Us- .
tened to the frosty notes of the sky
scrapers as they went through their
preliminary maneuvers. Just as the j
final word was given by Sankey, In
charge, the sun burst through the"
fleecy clouds and a wild cheer followed
tho ram out of the western yard— It
was good luck to see the sun again.
Little . Neeta, up on the hill, must
have seen them as they pulled out;
surely she heard the choppy, icebltten
screech of the 566; that ivas never for
gotten,' whether the service was spe
cial or regular. Besides, the head cab #
of the ram carried this time not only
Georgie Sinclair, but her father as welL I
Sanksy could handle. a slicebar as well
as a punch, and rode on the head en
gine, where, if anything, the big
chances hovered.. What he was not.
capable of In the train service we never
knew, because' he was stronger than
any emergency that ever confronted I
him. . - ...
Bucking snow is principally brute
force; there is little coaxing. Just west
of the bluff3. like code signals between
a fleet'of cruisers,", there was a volley
of sharp, tooting, and In aminute the
four ponderous engines,; two of. them;
in the*» bank motion, fires white and
throats bursting, steamed wildly "into" .
the canyon. •/ . ..
Six hundred ? feet from the first cut .
Slncallr's "; whistle " signaled again, ,
Burns and Cameron and Kennedy an
swered and then, literally ' turning the,
monster ram loose against the dazzling
mountain, the crews settled themselves
for a shock.
At such a moment there Is nothing
to be done. If anything goes wrong "
eternity is too close to consider. There
comes a muffled drumming on the
steam chest— a stagger and a terrific
Impact — and then the recoil like the
stroke of a The snow
shoots into -the air fifty feet, and the
wind carries a cloud of fleecy, confu
sion over the ram and. out of the cut.
The cabs were burled in white and the
great . steel frames ! of the > . engines
sprung like knitting needles under the
frightful blow., . .
Pausing for hardly a breath the sig
naling again began. Then the backing,
up and up and up the line, and again
the massive machines were hurled
screaming into the cut. . .
"You're getting there, Georgie," ex
claimed Sankey when the rolling and
lurching had stopped. No one else
could tell a thing about it, for it was
snow and snow and snow, above and
behind, and ahead and beneath. Sin
clair coughed the flakes out of his
eyes and nose and mouth like a baffled
collie. He looked doubtful of the claim
until the mist had blown clear and the
quivering monsters were again recalled
for a dash. Then It was plain that .
Bankey's Instinct was right; they were
gaining.
Again they went in, lifting a very
avalanche over the stacks, packing the
late; it was ;. Sankey's - and Sinclair's
run west.:
There was a long council In the
roundhouse. The rotary was knocked
out; coal was running low in the
chutes. If the line wasn't kept open
for the coal from the mountains it was
plain we should be tied until we could
ship It from Iowa or' Missouri. West
of Medicine Pole there was another big
rotary working east, with plenty of
coal behind her, but she wes reported
stuck fast in the Cheyenne Hills.
Foiey made suggestions, and Dad
Sinclair ir.ad« suggestions. Everybody
had a suggestion left. The trouble was,
Neighbor said, they didn't amount to
anything or were" impossible. > "
"It's a dead block, boys," announced
Neighbor, sullenly, after everybody had
done. "We are beaten unless we can
set No. 1 through to-day. Look there'.
By the holy poker it's snowing again!"
The air was dark: in a minute with
whirling clouds. Men • turned to the
windows and quit talking; every fellow
felt the same — at least all but one. San
key, sitting back of the stove, was
making tracings on his overalls with a
piece of chalk.
- "You might as well unload your pas
sengers, . Sankey," ' said Neighbor.
"You'll never get 'em through this
winter."
And it was then that Sankey pro
posed his double-header.
He devised a snowplow that combined
in one monster ram about all the good
material we had left, and submitted the
scheme' to Neighbor. Neighbor-studied
it and hacked at it all he could, and
brought it over to the office. It was
like staking everything on the last cast
of the dice, but we were in the state
of mind which precedes a desperate
venture. It was talked over for an
hour, and' orders were finally given by
the superintendent to rig up the double
header and get against the snow as
quick as it could be made ready.
All that day and moBt of the night
Neighbor worked; twenty men on San
key's device. By Sunday morning it
was in such shape that we began to
take heart. i ¦
"If she don't get through she'll get
back again, and that's what most of
'em don't do," growled Neighbor, as
he and Sankey showed the new ram
to the engineers. '
They had taken the 568, Georgie Sin
clair's engine, for one head and Burns*
497 for the other. Behind these were
-Kennedy with the 314 and Cameron
with the 296. "The engines were set in
pairs, headed each way, and buckled
up like packmules. Over the pilots and
stacks of the head engines rose the
tremendous plows, which were to tackle
the toughest drifts ever recorded, before
or' since,' on the West End. The ram
was designed to work both ways. Un
der the coal each tender was loaded
with, plglron.
• The beleaguered passenjrers en No.
1, sidetracked in the yards, watched
the preparations Sankey was making
to clear the line. Every amateur on the
we ladles were compelled to content
ourselves with bread and batter and. I
fear, a few regrets audibly expressed.
A friend calling during the evening
suggested that we have our meals
brought from the cafe — a common cus
tom h.ere— pending the arrival of our
cook. One has a set of tins made,: fit
ting one Into the other, a wire passing
through rings at the sides. The bot
tom tin contains coals, and the meats,
vegetables, etc., are placed above one
another in the successive tins.
The . strings of tins vary in length
according to the magnltuda ef one's
purchase. It was most amusing to me
to see men hurrying In «vary dlrec-
Tha fair Chilean rises late, in des-
habille she dawdles about, amusing;
herself with fancy work or nothing at
all until sheer ennui drives her forth
to seek relaxation in shopping or mak-
Ing calls. Then the glossy hair mounts
high on the bead in a heap marvelous
to behold. She dons a pair of French .
booU with heels so high one wonders
they do .not cripple the foolish wearer
after the day's comfort in slipshod
slippers. She sallies forth with stately
tread ("Solomon In all his glory was
never so gorgeously arrayed"), ever
closely \attended by* servant, who is
expected to attend to her most trivial
needs, such as carrying her purse,
handkerchief, or any trifle she may
purchase. - . . _
In the early.evening she repairs to
the promenade to enjoy a little music .
or a mild flirtation, the latter being;
confined discreetly to sighs, eyes and j
possibly following footsteps. So pass
the days In this land of indolence for
the wonon-^sp by in monotonous '
r°A-V^Sen??heTomrthemas..
ajswss? MS as
sions as regards neatness of toilet.
They attend "a little" to any business
they may have during the middle of the
day. but most diligently to the opera,
the.promenade and the gaming table
for the night. Gambling is a national
habit. In most of the swellest classes
of Valparaiso and Santiago the gaming
table is regularly set out and forms the
most important feature of private en-
tertalnments.^llke the baccarat of
Great Britain, which some time ago
plunged his now Royal Highness of
England into such torrid water. Even
the poorest peons and raggedest gam-
ins may be seen at all hours betting
nucllos and centavos (the pennies and
nickels of this country) with as much
eagerness as the wealthy mine owner
? ak b?,n hJ%hg^ d ever° U c n a C me Sd.?"
steamer plying between Copeapo and
Talcahuano when a man ho d re-
cently struck it rich In the Atacama
minaa i««» tunM i n o oinHo n^ht
mines lost J90.000 in a single night.
There is a law.against gambling but-
with the mysteries^of Chilean house-
tSZft^ £?£?& XSA*!
cook, «b**™^™*£S[JS«™
on a certain morning, retaining our
predecessor's man servant—neither of
whom spoke a word of English, while
we. unfortunately, were equally lgnor-
ant of 8paniah. We took possession on
the day appointed, but, "a la Frisco,"
no cook appeared. There was nothing in
the house but groceries and bread, as'
at-the moment we were unable to buy.
anything, being unable to speak the
language of traffic, consequently the
gentlemen returned to the hotel, while
tirin with thsse tins at tha dln
ner hours. We managed to lire, or
rather exist, is this way tor a week;
all the food half cold and I always had
a horrible suspicion that tha tins w»r»
never more than half washed, and
really all the food most unmistakably
did taste "tinny," but if people will vts
it a foreign country wthout knowing
the lMltU4j, muat t^ toe COOM^_
quench Aft.,. a week of thlm BaTt ot
llvinc we obtained a cook. Ismllenow
4ink^? howTwa. o?Sr»S to
approach ner moTntng ,££ a
dictionary in one hand, money in the
other, glvlog the necessary orders' for
the day.
It wa# to catch the
Spanish pronunciation and the follow
ln _. Alaloguea orally occurred: ~Tu
¦ huevoe. beefsteak,"
._ iv*t*tn»« •*¦»« ,m s«.f.t».v\
g
J^r^-ib uen?" (V?rV walL mEK*
or J a- JJJJ
nSS^tff^T^'^SSSiL?
ffi r. of the dining-room.
sssss^SAS^r
Up the on Btalrcase everything must
com P e. The first thta* XhSnSXS
fortably early, each morning U th»
st of thft water carrIer wn<N -^
unnecessary clatter, brings us two kegs
ot water. dally, for which ho is paid
J2 per month. Then comes our bread
man> to whom we pay SO cents per
day for what"our family of five ars
8UppOsed to consume; then the milk
nj an# charging - six cents for half a
pInt> and laatiyi but surely not the
least of necessary evils, the cook,
bringing th« day's supply cf markat
tag tutL
x never _.ot over the - sensation that
, n thIs hand-to-mouth way of llr
, we ahouM m9
m t B t * ..
^^ ££• way^aX ST oSS- W
f* 1 * »' a*SSr th.^ Ln k!^,™^
°Vu^ndfy^thfd^y7o?£.*£££,
v i-i t i n _.i_ r*m» «n* «n Mi. Tn,i h. Ti
visiting in ctiiie ana in case you nav©
¦ letter of introduction to Senor So
nave been recocnlxed byre
and .. h Q , contaIns
yO b U y r Se^w'a^yo^'nfa'y^n
aSd aa be byrecSved W«rdSiy bj hi.
w, f who m serve you wlth tea ud
entertain you to the best of her abil
lty umlI midnight, regardless of tha
host.a absence, for he Is rarely at home
after sunset. /
Ladies are seldom attended home by
anybody but a servant, no matter what
the hour, as in Chile it would be ccm
sidered very bad form for the man of
the bouse or a man friend to perform
this, with us, ofttimes pleasant duty,
a. c.
f"Pf O vegetate in a delightful cll-
I .... mate, whose . hottest sunbeams
1 are cooled ' by breezes blown
I from Andean snow fields, ex
empt from all excitements ex
cept, perhaps, those that spring from
natural causes, such as love — that is
the delight of life In Chile. To prom
enade In the cool of 'the evening In tha
"Garden of Delight," the public garden
of the populace, and still later to at
tend tha opera, or tertulla, as the so
cial gatherings in the private houses
are called, is almost the sola diversion
of the Chilean.
THE oldest man in the train ser
vice didn't pretend to say how
long Sankey had worked for the
j company.
P^t Francis was a very old
conductor, but old man Sankey was a
veteran when Pat Francis was brak
ing. Sankey ran a passenger train
when Jimmie Brady was running— and
Jimrr.ie afterward enlisted and was
kilied in the Custer fight.
There was an odd tradition about
Sankey's name. He was a tall, swarthy
fellow, and carried the blood of a Sioux
chief in his veins. It was in the time
cf the Black Hills excitement, when
railroad men, struck by the gold fever,
were abandoning their trains, even at
way stations, and striking across the
divide for Clark's crossing. Men to run
the trains were hard to get, and Tom
Porter, trainmaster, was putting In
every man he could pick up, without
reference to age or color.
Porter — he died at Julesburg after
ward — was a great jollier, and he
wasn't afraid of anybody on earth.
One day a war* party of Sioux clat
tered Into town. They tore around like
a storm, and threatened to scalp every
thing, even to local tickets. The head
braves dashed in on Tom Porter, sit
ting in the dispatcher's office upstairs.
The dispatcher v.as hiding under a
loose plank In the baggage-room floor;
Tom, being bald as a sandhill, consid
ered himself exempt from scalping par
ties. He was working a game of soli
taire when they bore down on him. and
Interested them at once. That led to a
parley, which ended in Porter's hiring
the whole band to brake on freight
trains. Old man Sankey Is Eald to hava
been one of that original war party.
Now this Is merely a caboose story—
told on winter nights when trainmen
r»t stalled In the snow drifting down
from the Bioux country. But what
follows is better attested.
Eankey, to start with, had a peculiar
r.anae. An unpronounceable, unsella
ble, unmanageable name. I never
heard It, so I can't give It. It was as
hard to catch as an Indian cur, and
that name made more trouble >m the
ray roils than all the other names put
together. Nobody at headquarters
could handle it; it was never turned in
twice alike, and they were always
v riling Tom Porter about the thing.
Tom explained several times that it
was Fitting Bull's embassador who
was drawing that money, and he usu
ally signed the pay roll with a toma
hawk. But nobody at Omaha ever
knew how to take a" joke.
The firvt time Tom went down he
r\as called in very solemnly to explain
again about the name, and being in a
hurry and very tired of the whole
business Tom spluttered:
"Hang ir, don't bother me any more
about that name. If you can't read it
make it Sankey and be done with it."
They took Tom at his word. They
actually did make it Sankey* and
that's h«'v our oldest conductor ceme
to bear the name of the famous singer.
And more I may say; good name as it
was— and is — the Sioux never disgraced
it.
Probably every old traveler on the
system knew Sankey. He was not only
always ready to answer questions, but.
what is rr.uch* mere, always ready to
answer the same question twice. It in
that which makes conductors gray
headed and spoils their . chances for
heaven — answering the same questions
over and over again. Children were
apt to be a bit startled at first sight of
Eankey — he was so dark. But he bad
a very quiet smile that always made
them friends after the second trip
through the sleepers, and they some
times ran about asking for him after
he had left the train. ._
Of late years — and It is this that
hurts — these very eame children, grown
ever eo much bigger, and riding again
to cr from California or Japan or Aus
tralia, will ask when they reach the
West End about the- Indian conductor.
* But the conductors who now run
tha overland trains pause at the ques
tion, checking over the date limits on
tha margins of the coupon tickets, and.
banding the envelopes back, will look
at the children aad say, slowly: "He
Isn't running any more."
¦L
If rou hava ever gone over our Una
to tha mountains or to the coast you
cay remember at McCloud, where they
charge engines and set the diner In or
out. the pretty little green park to
the east of the depot with a row of
c&talpa trees along the platform line.
It looks like a glass of spring water.
If It happened to be Sankey's run
and a regular West End day, sunny
and delightful, rou would be sure to
see standing under the catalpas a shy,
dark-eklnned girl of fourteen or fifteen
years, silently watching the prepara
tions for the departure of the Over
land.
And after the new engine had been
backed, champing down, and harnessed
to its long string of vestlbuled sleep
ers; after the air hose had been con
nected and the air valves examined:
after the engineer had swung out of
his cab, filled his cups and -swung In
again; al»ar the fireman and his help
er had disposed of their sllcebar and
shovel and given the tender a final
sprinkle, and the conductor had
walked leisurely forward, compared
time with the engineer, and cried, "All
abo-o-o-ard"'
Then, as your coach moved slowly
ahead, you might notice under the re
ceding catalpas the little girl waving
a parasol, or ,a handkerchief, at the
out-going train — that Is, at Conductor
Sankey; for she was his daughter,
Necta Sankey. Her mother was Span
ish, and died when Neeta was a wee
bit. Nef-ta and the Limited were San
key's whole world.
When Georgie Sinclair began pulling
the limited, running west opposite
Foley. he struck up a great friendship
with Sankey. Sankey, t&ough he was
hard to start, was full of early day
t-tories. Gc-orgle, it seemed, had the
faculty of getting him to talk; perhaps
becaus- when he was pulling Sankey's
train he made extraordinary efforts to
keep on time — time was a hobby with
Sankey. Foley said he was so care
ful about it that when he was off
duty be let his watch stop just to save
time.
Sankey loved to breast the winds
and the floods and the snows, and if
he could get home pretty near on
schedule, with everybody else late, he
was happy; and in respect of that, as
Sankey used to say, Georgie Sinclair
could come nearer gratifying Sankey's
ambition than any runner we had.
Even the firemen used to observe
that the young engineer, always neat,
locked still neater the days that he
took Sankey's train. By and by there
was an introduction under the catal
pas; after that it was noticed that
Georgie began wearing gloves on the
engine — not kid gloves, but yellow dog
skin—and black silk shirts; he bought
them in Denver.
Then— an odd way engineers have of
banks of tha out with walls hard aa
lea. Again as tha drivers stuck they
raced In a freniy, and into tha shriek
of tha wind went the unearthly scrap**
of the overloaded safeties.
Slowly and sullenly tha machines
were backed again. .
"She's doing tha work, Georgle,"
cried Sankey. "For that kind of a cut
she's as good as a rotary. Look every
thing over now while I go • back and
see how tha boys are standing It.
Then we'll give her one more, and give
it the hardest kind."
And they did give her one more —
and another. Men at Santiago put up
no stouter fight than they that made
that Sunday morning In the canyon of
the Blackwood. Once and twice more
they went in. And the second time
tha bumping drummed . more, deeply;
the drivers held, pushed, panted and
gained against the white wall— heaved
and stumbled ahead— and with a yell
from Sinclair and Sankey and the fire
man, the double-header shot her nose
Into the clear over the ¦ Blackwood
gorge. As engine after engine flew
past the divided walls each cab took
up tha cry— It was the wildest shout
that ever crowned victory.
Through they went and half-way
Across the bridge before they could
check their monster catapult. Then
at a half-full they shot it back at the
cut — it worked as well one way as the
other. • • •
"The thing 1 is done," declared Ban
key. Then they got into position In
the line for a final shoot to~«iose the
eastern cut and get 'head fqr«. dash
across the bridge into the west end
of the canyon,' where lay another
mountain of snow to split.
"Look the - machines over close.
ret his baby cubs in h&r* and keep
'em- chasing all night; but It's don*
snowin," he added, looking into tha
leaden sky.
He had everything figured out for
the . master mechanic — tha shrewd,
kindly old man. There's no man on
earth like a good Indian; and for
that matter none like a bad one. San
key knew by a military Instinct Just
what had to be done and how to do It.
If he had lived ha was to hava been
assistant superintendent; that wa»
the word that leaked from headquar
ters after he got killed.
And with a volley'of jokas between
the cabs and a laughing and a yell-
Ing between toots down went Sankey's
double-header again Into tha Black
wood gorge.
At the same moment, by an awful
misunderstanding of orders, down
came the big rotary from the West
End with a dozen cars of coal behind
It. Mi!e after mils It had wormed
east toward Sankey's ram. burrowed
through the western cut of the Black
wood, crashed through the drift San
key was aiming for and whirled then
out Into the open, dead against him,
at forty miles an hour. Each train,
in order to make the grade and tha
blockade, was straining t«he cylinders.
Through the swirling snow which
half hid the bridge and swept be
tween the rushing plows Sinclair saw
them coming — he yelled. Sankey saw
'them a fraction of a second later and
while Sinclair struggled with the
throttle and the air, Sankey gave the
alarm through the whistle to the poor
fellows in tive blind pockets behind.
But the track was at the worst. Where
there was no snow there were whis
kers; oil itself couldn't have been
worse to stop on. It was the old and
deadly peril of fighting blockades from
both ends on a single track.
The great rams of steel and fire
had done their work and with their
common enemy overcome they dash
ed at each other frenzied across tha
Blackwood gorge.
The fireman at the first cry shot out
the side. Sankey yelled at Sinclair to
jump. But George shook his head;
he never would Jump. Without hesi
tating an Instant Sankey caught him
in his arms, tore him from the lev
ers, planted a mighty foot and hurled
Sinclair like a block of coal through
the gangway out into the gorge. The
other cabs were already emptied; but
the Instant's delay In front cost San
key's life. Before he could turn the
rotary crashed into 56«. They reared
like mountain lions and pitched head
long into the gorge; Sankey went un
der them.
He could have saved himself: ha
chose to save George. There wasn't
time to do both; he had to choose and
he chose Instinctively. Did he, maybe,
think In that Cash of Neeta and of
whom she needed most— of a young and
stalwart protector better than an old
and a falling one? I do not know. I
only know what he did.
Every one who lumped got dtar.
Sinclair lit In twenty feet «f snow, and
they pulled him out with a rope. Ha
wasn't even scratched. Even the bridge
was not badly strained. No. 1 pulled
over it next day. Sankey was right:
there was no more snow; not enough to
hide the dead engines on the rocks; tha
line was open.
There never was a funeral In Mo-
Cloud like Sankey's. George Sinclair
and Neeta followed together; and of
mourners there were as many ai there
were people. Every engine on the di
vision carried black for thirty days.
His contrivance for fighting snow has
never yet been beaten on the high
line. It Is perilous to go against a
drift behind It— something has to give.
But It gets there— as Sankey got
there— always; and In time of block
ade and desperation on the "West End
they still send out Sankey's Double-
Header; though Sankey— so the con
ductors tell the children, traveling east
or traveling west— Sankey Isn't running
any more.
boys," said Sankey to the engineer.
"If nothin's sprung: we'll take a full
head across the gorge — the bridge
will carry nothing — and buck the
west cut. « Then after we Ret No. 1
through tlila afternoon Neighbor can
JTHE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
SANKEY'S
DOUBLE
HEADER.
7no_textno_textana used as a decoration.
Lace medallions are embroidered In
silks in cross stitch designs, and in
the middle Is set a little flat pearl but
ton. This rosette-like piece Is used to
trim a stock and a yoke and to decor
ate other parts of the waist such as
the front of the belt the epaulets and
the panel down the front for many of
the new waists are still trimmed, with
these panelings.
Lace yokes and lace cuffs and whole
lace waists are Just as much worn as
ever and a little more, perhaps, for
with the new kinds of lace there have
come new ways of treatment' Lace is
treated In artistic ways with very good
results, for lace is so adaptable' that
it lends itself readily to all sorts of
conditions.
One of the very new ways of using
lace ia to make insertions of lace and
border them with satin ruchlngs. Nar
row satin ribbon Is used and the nich
ing Is made thick and full. This is
sewed around the edge of the lace ap
plication, which is then set upon the
skirt of the dress. The applications
are used to trim skirts and waists and
they are also seen upon sleeves, and
always with the edging of ribbon,
which gives the finishing touch to the
lace. .
Then . there is the lace ornament
which is so charming upon the sum
mer gowns. This ornament : is made
of lace .shirred along one edge. .This
hair string Is pulled and the rosette Is
made; When -completed it is .about
the size of a : silver and ia
ready .to be , used.' If desired ¦ a little
Jewel can be Bet in the middle of the
lace '¦ rosette/
¦ ; " Little' lace roses are charming things
and a group- of these tiny roses In
white lace with small red silk roses
set In the middle were observed upon
one of the prettiest evening gowns of
the season. These lace roses In groups
of six or eight trim the skirts of even
ing gowns and the skirts of day gowns.
They are delightfully dainty and are
feminine to the very last degree.
And there Is still another new fad for
the woman who likes pretty trimmings
and this Is a French fad. Wide bands
of silk are sewed to the neck of the
gown. They hang to the waist line,
where they are bordered with lace.
Under these squares of lace there are
set bits of colored silk while the lace Is
embroidered In silk design. Little lacy
fancies these are, but charming in the
sum and substance of the season's
wardrobe.
One of the sweetest gowns— for it can
be called by no other name— Is a dress
In Japanese crepe. The groundwork is
a deep cream, while the figures are tiny
dots, put on to form open squares.
These dots make an exquisite founda
tion for the^ trimming, which consists
of hundreds of little lace roses put on
In clusters.
Waists of Japanese crepe are pretty
for evening. They are cut very low In
the neck and very short In the sleeves.
Around the neck are two deep ruffles of
the crepe, each one embroidered In gold
threads, with threads of chrysanthe
mum pink run In through the gold. The
neck Is finished very simply with a
band of deep red velvet and the elbows
are finished In the same manner.
She who desires a Japanese crepe
luncheon waist can make It of crepe
ruffles, one falling over the other and
each one prettily- embroidered. The
neck can be fashioned of deep red taf
feta, or what Is prettier and less ag
gressive, a guimpe In a shade of coral
red. A spray of roses la fastened upon
one shoulder.
There is a great fancy for trimming
the- necks and shoulders of gowns
with, bands of velvet ...These .velvet
strappings ;go ; over -the shoulder and
over the arm; ; A band, of velvet also
extends ', around the yoke. The gir
dle • matches, this" band of velvet
Bands of velvet form a very effective
trimming, and! they are used upon
waists for evening' in place of shoul
der straps of Jewels and in place ef
shoulder straps of flowers.
Velvet is very freely, used this sum-
mer and Its place is not upon heavy
gowns and gowns of taffeta as much
as upon the lighter summer fabrics,
to which it gives the touch which was
needed. Velvet bands and velvet
shoulder straps, velvet girdles and
velvet stocks and velvet panels have
all been revived and are seen this
summer In most bewildering array.
Beautiful spring coats are made of
tan colored taffeta and of black taf
feta and white. These taffeta coats
are delightful In cut and are made
In all the varieties and vagaries of
Dame Fashion's dictate.
One of the prettiest styles Is that of
a modified kimono. This Is straight
with strappings of cloth. The cloth,
which Is not more than half an Inch
wide, is stitched along both edges. It
extends up the front and all around th»
lower edge of the coat A similar band
of taffeta Is used to outline the yoke
and extends around the neck and up
on the coat In great swirls.
The sleeves of this taffeta kimono
are very wide and are finished with
stitched bands of cloth, which Is also
put on in swirla. The yoke is trimmed
with swirls of cloth stitched upon both
edges.
The vest of this coat Is fashioned of
Persian embroidery, which Is carried
out In many colors. Red and blue and
1 green are outlined upon a background
of pastel tone.
An elaborate little coat of this kind
can be worn either with a silk skirt or
one of cloth and la equally pretty with
satin or with taffeta. It makes a nice
little coat for calllag and reception
wear and it makes a pretty coat for
gayer days and rougher occasions.
Bxqulsite are new stocks, with their
delicate trimmings. There are stocks
made of lace, all open work, and there
are stocks that are the very height of
elaboration. One lovely stock la made
of taffeta, with an embroidered pea
• cock feather running all the way
around the neck.. Another has peacock
feathers running around the belt In
front there Is a peacock clasp made of
gold and brllIlants^Mifl3BBfi|B
A beautiful stock from a dressmak
er's standpoint la made of black lace,
embroidered with sold bands and with
beads of steel. The stock, which is
made with a cape, has a pattern In
gold and steel outlined upon tt In deli
cate work. Th!s is one of the most or
namental <of handsome dressmaking
accessories and is one that can i>e worn
with any costume. . ' _ ¦
: It is the littles this year which, make
up the fashions and the woman who
wants to be fashionable must look to
the small things or her costume will -I
not be a success.
very -effective trimming, and ¦ a trim
ming that can be used very well upon
the traveling dresses, of the season, as
well as upon the lighter summer
gowns.' . ' . ¦. '
The woman with time on her hands
and half a yard of taffeta;. or of satin,
or louisine, . In her work basket ; can
cut a dozen wedge shaped pleoes, point
the wedge ¦ at its biggest • end and go
to work. She will want to" work these
silk wedges t in the prettiest i color de
s"ign possible' and her . best medium will
be a cross iBUtch- embroidery, \which;
should trim "the ," edges" of ; the* wedges
and , also the center. * Or. she can leave
the ' middle, plain and' make a nice . bor
der .for the; edge.
; The 'inlets 1 of ; lace are not; so much
eeen as ¦ they were, but there'; la ' a lace
trimming which ' is quite as effective
and Is ; much , more ; in vogue. This is
the lace ¦ medallion lined with ., a color
mine, hangs like taffeta In its pretty
stiffness and wears like iron," said she,
"and the color is the new sealskin
brown, Just the shade for traveling.
"The trimming, as you will observe.
Is what I call exchangeable," continued
the girl. "The girdle is wide and Is
made of blue liberty in a shade of corn
flower; the stock is high and transpar
ent and Is partly blue liberty and part
ly brown silk. There Is a wide collar of
ecru lace, and the undersleeves are of
lace falling below open balloons of
brown etamlne. Oh, you can do a lot
with linen If you go at It cleverly, for
this etamlne is one of the new grades
of nice linen goods.
"For my other summer linens I would
have a fine- India linen* for evening, a
linen as heavy as lawn for garden par
ties and a morning linen or, two. Then
I would have one of. the coarse affairs
In tan color, with red and blue nub ef
fects, and I would wind up with a linen
crash and half a. dozen skirts in red
and white and blue for day wear. That
comes to more than half a dozen, does
It not? But they could all be used in
the summer's wardrobes.. And one
would not need much else." ¦ ;
The combining of two kinds of linen
Is one of the pretty Ideas of the sum
mer. And so beautifully Is It carried
out that there are waists which are fine
enough for full dress occasions, yet
which have nothing to recommend
them in the way of material except
that they are of an exquisite quality, of
linen, put together with great neatness
and all by hand. .
One of these waists Is mad* with
Dutch neck and plain yoke. Beginning
at the shoulders there are six little ruf
fles of linen which come down to the
bust line, . one falling over the other
and each one edged with a narrower
ruffle of linen. Below this there are
two wider ruffles of linen falling to the
belt line. This Is a ruffled waist which
could be worn for any occasion, with a
wide, girdle of -white or of any other
color. .; \
The polka dot has v broken out afresh
this year And In many new spots. There
Is the. material ''which Is plain dotted
and there are numerous new goods
which; show dots of another material.
There are linens with satin-like dots and
there are beautiful silks with dots of
lace. There are dotted lawns and sheer
dotted goods of every conceivable kind
and there are dotted stuffs whose dots
vary In size from great to small. In
this way the polka doited gowns main
tain their popularity. —
One of the most gorgeous polks, dots
for evening is made with a plain skirt
shirred around the hips. The Bhlrrlngs
are' strapped with narrow satin ribbon.
Around the foot of this gown there are
three ruffles or flounces; the same width
all the way around, and put on with a
little shirring at the top.
The waist of this dress is a beautiful
thing. It is gathered across the yoke
and Is gathered in again at tha belt
The sleeves are full puffed sleeves, with
the droop all at the elbow, and the
neck has a yoke which can be lifted out
when the gown is desired for dinenr
wear.
This matter of lifting- out the neck of
a gown Is one which should be seriously
considered by the summer woman. The'
guimpe Is In style and this . affords
abundant opportunity for .the taking
out of the guimpes by courtesy, which
can also be taken out of the neck of the
dress when a low neck is desired. . This
gives the summer woman a'flne chance
for making a change In her gowns, as
well as a fine opportunity for renewing
a neck that is soiled or that does not
match the skirt of her gown.
There Is a fad. which is being carried
out upon many, of the ' new costumes
and in tha prettiest possible manner.
Bands of silk are embroidered by hand
and used as a dress trimming. These •
bands, which should be twelve in num
ber, art about twelve inches long. They
are cut wedge shaped, with the big end
of the wedge cut to a point
These silk bands are trimmed with a
cross stitch embroidery, put^on; around
the edge in many colors. * The sleeves
are banded in this manner, as are the
shoulders and also the "waist and the
skjrt, Tj&ge make § yerjr pjc«. and ;
** •"JTIVE me a touch of sold,"
If said the summer elrl. reach-
V/Tlns out her hand to where
(V there lay a little twisted
ekein of gold braid, partly black and
partly creer. a slender mixed braid
with the gold running through it like
a shining thread.
"Give me one touch of gold and I
can transform thl3 waist from an af
ternoon waist, a 6imnl« affair of no
distinction whatever, into something
nice er.ougrh for luncheon, fine enough
even for dinners."
The waist, which was a leaf green
china silk, was made with little strap
pings acroF3 the front, each strap
consisting of a band of ribbon wth
fcuttens oa the end. The buttons were
liny sold affairs and the braid was
vert-' slender and very bright gold.
Tha pretty girl who wanted a touch
cf sold traced a pattern upon the
front and with supple fingers she out-,
lined .1 figrure upon the sleeves. When
ehe had finished the waist was glo
rious "with Its golden lights. "That
makes n. French waist of it," said she,
jiattir.g it with approval, "for all Par
isian waists have a little gold."
The touch of gold Is indeed upon
everything. The gold <*e>es not take
violent forms, but It Is used delicately.
It is not seen In wide strappings nor
In broad bands, nor yet in heavy ap-
Xilicatfons. But. on the other hand,
it is used in very subtle ways. Threads
of sold are run around low Dutch
recks: gold stitchings are used down
the fronts of waists; gold traceries
Iedorn buttonholes and outline them
and half the buttons show touches of
pold and are surrounded bj» gold or
naments, such* as gold passementerie.
In this way gold is Introduced In the
gowns of summer.
One lovely Bummer suit was made
of coral voile, a brilliant gown, In
marvelous hue. Its only trimming
consisted of buttons of gold trimmed
with coral and of yards and yards of
white lace with coral traceries upon
the liice.
Thus, and in ingenious ways, is gold
brought into a costume, and thus, and
In diverse ways, it is made to trim a
gow n and to set it off delicately.
There Is always a dress sensation
ar.d the novelty this week is found In
the English embroideries, which . are
being introduced upon gowns. This
English embroidery is the old fash-
eyelet embroidery and the pre't
tiest dresses of the season are trim
med with It and made up with no
ether decoration except this.
English embroidery forms not only
the panels and the ruffles of wash
dresses, but of other gowns as well.
Eilk dresses have panels down the
front carried out in this manner, and
there are gowns with sleeves, neck
a.nd yoke punched full of eyelet holes
end worked very much as one worked
the flannel petticoats some years ago.
It Is a poor week that has only one
dress sensation and this week Is par
ticularly rich. In that it has no lesa
than six, one of the prettiest of which
Is found in the new collar. This col
lar, which is, of course, a revival col
lar, is brought out again and is chris
tened the Spanish collar, probably be
cause it Is made so frequently of
Spanish lace.
The Spanish collar Is made In sev
eral forms and it is made out of all
kinds- of lace and is worn upon every
gown under the . sun- Nothing Is
,«xempt from the Influence of the lace
collar, whether It be the delicate
sown of organdie, upon which the lace
collar seems eminently suitable, or the
gown of ladles cloth over which the
lace collar Is a novelty.
The collar is made square, ; s
brought around the shoulders and Is
crossed In front. The ends hang down
In two long tabs below the belt line.
This style of collar Is particularly
beautiful, giving something of the old
time look so much desired. #> >;. ;
Collar lace can be of any kind, but
It is Quite a fad to choose three kinds
of lace and combine them in one big
collar. There is filet upon which
heavy lace can be appliqued, while
around the edge there can be set a
border of Valenciennes lace. Then
there are the Escurial laces, which are
very good for collar laces, and there
is Spanish lace, which Is revived from
the attics and old trunks and which
is the very best of all.
Piece lace makes a delightful . col
lar and It Is inexpensive. Tou take
the lace and spread It down, laying a
wide collar pattern upon It. Tou cut
out the pattern carefully and then
you finish the edges of the collar in
one of several ways. You can take
and border it with lace, simply laying
the lace on flat so as to' cover the
ragged edge, and for this purpose
Valenciennes lace is very nice, or any
of the other narrow laces can be used.
And there is another way to deal '
r.-ith the ragged edges. Take the col
lar and border It with a band of silk,
put on like a piping. This gives a
strong, secure edge, one that will be
durable and much admired for many
a long day, as long as there Is a rag
of the lace left '-*
"Give me six linen gowns and I can
dress all summer," declared a Newport
belle, smoothing the skirt of her new
ilnen etamlne. "This looks like an eta-
The touch of gol(J
makes all things fash
ionable and there are
few gowns that are not
trimmed with tiny tra
ceries of gold braid or
with gold buttons and
ornaments — Startling
color combinations not
ed in the gowns of the
season — The beautiful
trimmings that are the
distinguishing mark of
dresses that are to be
worn at Xewport this
summer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIT
A CHAT ABOUT STYLES WITH THE SUMMER GIRL
10too soon, sne iearrs ner value and vQ
pose only whea bought over with a
powerful box cf bonbons. All too* soon,
¦he becomes vain and intensely Inter
ested In the has? of her curls and the
set of her hat. Before her time she Is
a little old woman, trho has forgotten
how to play and listens to> her mother
caking contract and setting prices
with an eager ear. The other day a
plump-faced little girl of four was
brought Into a photographic studio by
her mother. She sat quietly on a stool
until the photographer appeared. Then.
with a seriousness beyond her years,
¦he got down, clasped her hands theat
rically behind her head, assumed a set
smile and posed for the benefit of tha
man whose approval might mean many
dollars to her.
X "\HE.\ the modern reaaer turns
\f\~J the pa^es of an illustrated
Y Y magarine end comes upon a
Knilirc pair of baby eye*.
half-shaded ty a mass of yel
low, baby curls, he doubtless fancies
that the likeness is that of some pam
pered youngster, caught in a moment
of gleeful play upon the photographer's
plate, and given to the world by a fond
and doting parent. It probably never
occurs to him that, in a great dry
like New York. Chicago or San
Francisco, there is a -vast army
of little workers earning salaries
by those infantile smiles and
buying bread and pretty dresses with
the silver dollars for which their
golden curis iLre exchanged. He
scarcely can im,aslne that any one,
even a modem young- woman, can
become a successful "professional" at
the age cf two: Yet the child model
of the artist's studio and the photo
grapher's gallery is a member of one
of the best paying professions and is
cr.e of the most interesting personali
ties of modern life. Without her.
artists and photographers could not
work. Hence they must pay her good
prices — prices ¦which her grown-up
eisters could not demand — must cater
to her regal whims and finally must
train her with ail the skill which a
theatrical manager would exercise in
th<? training of a coming star.
Upon ever}- photographer's . day
book there is a list of the names of
children who have posed for him pro
fessionally. With tills list goes a
sample portrait or art picture cf »ach
get them— while they are babies and
before «t Is possible for them to be
come conscious. Hard to make them
pose? Well, yes; but not so hard as
you would think. Every woman is born
an actress, you know. It is only when
she grows up and becomes self-con
scious that she forgets how to act.
Babies— girt babies— are the best
actresses In the world. They are
Just brimming over with dra
matic instinct. When I get a
girl baby Into my studio I let her alone
and Just hang around watching her
majesty until she forgets her stranga
surrcundlngs and becomes interested
baby. These h* flows to the cus
tomer, who selects one. She Is then
ordered for a certain day and a cer
tain hour to pose for the art or fashion
picture wanted.
Sh» appears upen the scene prompt
ly, accompanied by her mother. Some
times it is a jewelry house that de
eires her to pose, arrayed In white
mull and lace and strung' with chains
and baby pins. Again a fashion house
cr hatmaker v.-ants her to appear in
a series of new eprirg bonnets and
hats for children. Or a newspaper is
getting up a story on children and
desires a picture of a baby beside an
artificial fireplace, with a Christmas
Blocking hanging from it. To-day she
Is cupid; to-morrow she is a snow
baby; the next day she is a fashion
able young lady out for an airing.
She is. in fine, as versatile as - an
actress in a stock company which
charges its bill every night. She can
not give way to moods and tenses.
She may want a bun most dreadfully,
or a pin may be sticking into her
back, but she must sit and smile while
the camera man turns and tips and
arranges her — and peeps at her
through the dreadful black cloth.
Sometimes the child model of the
painter's studio i3 a photographer's
model also and In addition Is one of
the many little actrerses who play In
some modern melodrama. But more
often each of these I3 a seyarat* pro
fession. The artist's model Is usually
piefced TiD somewhere oft the streets
where che has been selling flowers or
newspapers. But the photographer's
model Is a creature of a different char
acter. For her work she gets much
better pay than artists can or will
give and. the work Itself Is much easiar
and less fatiguing.
"The best child model we ever had."
•aid a wen-known "art photographer,"
"came to us xhen she was less than
2 years old. That Is when we like to
The child of the studios and the gal
leries becomes old before her time. All
eyes: her lips become strained ana set:
and she can not pose In a way to look
•unposed.' This generally happens at
6 or 7 years of age. and although we
have to have children that old for fash-
Ion pictures, we always utilize the ba
bies for our art pictures.
"Some of the most beautiful children
who are brought to us are utterly Im
possible as models. Sometimes they
are so nervous that they are unable
to hold one pose long enough for us
to press the bulb. Again they are
spoiled beyond redemption and occupy
so much of our time in coaxing. buy-
Ing them bonbons and quieting- their
wails that we are worn out before tha
posing is over. Another child with a
bright face and no particular beauty
except that of health and good nature
will turn out to be a born actress and
enjoy posing as she would eating or
playing with her dolls. It all depends
upon the child's temperament and
dramatic instinct.**
In something. 1 flon't- thrust a lot of
playthings at her and dangle a little
bird on *a siring until she becomes
dizzy looking at It- I stndy her tem
perament &a carefully as a manager
would that of a new star. I note what
poses she can take best and what sort
of picture she would make. Perhaps I
leave a few toys hanging about the
place and, in her wanderings, she
comes upon these. -»
"Then I Introduce her to the camera.
That Is the beauty of the child model.
Unlike the grown-up young person she
I3 never camera struck. She always
finds an Interest In the big, black In
strument and stands a little In awe
of iL But she is not at all aware that
any attitude she may take can possi
bly have an effect upon it/ Usually *
child model's usefulness ceases the mo
ment she learns that she Is pretty and
that she Is being reproduced upon a
photographic plate. 'After that she
loses the dramatic Instinct ¦ "<* be
coices self-conscious, stiff and uninter
esting.-' The baby llrfct dies out of her
Too much has been said on the sub
ject of obedience to justify further
consideration. Those who insist on
trying to train children properly with
out demanding absolute obedience are
welcome to the experience*. The writer
will be glad to have an account of the
success of those who have had a few
years* experience under such a plan.
Parents will find that many lessons
can best be taught small children by
the use of stories read or told. It is
really wonderful how great > an influ
ence, such will have upon their whole
future lives. ;
Too few parents realize the necessity
for regular work and exercise for both
boys and girls. All should have some
play. Few, if any, will be injured by a
reasonable amount of regular work.
Regular practice in gymnastics Is very,
good. Where such can easily be se
cured this will be especially beneficial
if under the direction of a competent
physical instructor. However, those
who are not able to have the benefit of
a well equipped gymnasium need not
be- discouraged. While in the gymnasi
um there may be found apparatus
suitable -for the development of the
different muscles, of the body; a suit
able apparatus may also be found In
every home. The boy3 may strength
en the muscles of the body by sawimr
and chopping wood, building fires.
Carrying coal and in other ways. Thft
girls may receive like benefit by
scrubbing, sweeping, making beds and
In many other ways too numerous to
mention.
the child soon forgets. Happy the man
if he can do the same.
As children grow older they become
less sensitive to the little trials and
learn to bear disappointments. They
are then better able to loos more upon
the bright side of life; for experience
has taught them that the clouds will
pass away. When they grow still old
er and have children of their own they
are apt to forget that, as children,
they ever had any sorrow. For this
reason they often* fail to show that
sympathy which they should always
show. «
Sometimes the lessons which the
children, are given in school are, far
harder than parents or teachers think.
If we were compelled to sit down and
study a lot of Greek, without any par
ticular object In view, and, seemingly
for the mere purpose of pleasing some
one, we would probably rebeL Chil
dren cannot look Into the future. The
most of them have never even been
told that their knowing the alphabet
Is Important; they are simply told
what they must do. Too often neither
the teacher nor the parent even takes
time to say, "1 know this Is hard. It
was hard for me when I was- your age,
however, it must be done to enable
you to make any progress." Is It any
wonder that the poor child plods en
sorrowfully*
f>f OME parents are like the old
Ok woman who lived in a shoe, eo
tj senseless that they postpone pun-
X^*^ ishments until Cze for bed.
Could there be any worse time? The
parents In the habit cf corns this need
not wender that the children soon
drift away from them.
This Is not even a time for speaking
cf a child's faults. Held cp a better ex
ample if you will, but do not rebuke
now for deeds, that are past.
Parents should plan, if possible, to
give the last half hou- cr so to the
children. Even with the younger chil
dren this is the time when parents can
most certainly gain their confidence. At
this time they, and especially the older
ones, will tell many things which they
would not mention et any other time.
It is, therefore, by fax the best time for
parents to have heart to heart talks
with boys and cirls.
It will be found an excellent plan
not only to devote a few minutes of
quiet talk. bu» also to read to the
younger children quieting stories from
the Bible or from other books contain
ing eone moral lesson. Above ail. the
effort should b« made to help them
to eink to sleep with pleasant thoughts.
The writer spoke about as above to
youcx paresis who wexe driving their
By WUlisLn J. Shearer.
Thoughtless people sometimes ex
press the belief that children have
no sorrows. This Is a great mistake.
Few adults have ho many sorrows as
have the children. At every turn they
are forbidden the privilege of doing
something which they wish to do.
We sh'culd remember that the sor
rows of even young children are felt
most intensely, though they do not
last long. The child who loses his toy
feels the loss as greatly as does the
cia who loses a fortune. Fortunately
child Into spasms by senseless treat
ment. They were raising their chil
dren by rule, seemingly Ignorant of
the fact that every rule has Its excep
tions, and that the nervous child must
have more consideration than the one
of lymphatic temperament. A child
who had been scared by hearing the
parents talk of burglars awoke and
cried. "Papa, I see a bugler." What
shall we say of the parent who simply
said. "Yes, and if you don't go to sleep
he will surely get you." What should
be done with the parent who would
leave such a little child suffer in
ag-ony until she had cried herself to
sleep, that he might "raise by rule."
That child probably suffered "more In
one hour than the father ever did In
a day. Only a miracle could prevent
such treatment from resulting in de
veloping nervous trouble of some kind.
The Right and Wrong' Time to Punish Children
The child model. If sh« is popular
and her mother is esterprisisr. cakes
» good Income. Sh» leldora receives
less t*fn S3 far a. sitting of an hour
or two and for advertisements she gets
more. She can keep her engagement
book fun with very little trouM* and
her weekly receipts amount t» any
where, from J10 -to JCj. It all defends
upon whether or not she makes a ••hit"
with photographers and with the pub
lic. Sometimes the photographer him
self can not tell whether a child will
make a "hit"* wita his customers or
not. The very picture that ha considers
least artistic wO, for some reason-
Its guileless smile or Its ridiculous
babylshnesa. perhaps— eaten thepopcUr
fancy and there win b« a run ea Ctat
child that win keep her la the studio
day la a-d da? out from morning until
night. Suddenly the public wtH tire
of looking at the one face, and tha
baby's popularity will die out like that
of a star who has passed her z<rrtth.
And then the baby, like the passee
actress, wonders why she can no longer
buy pretty clothes and have cowers
and bonbons In the old-time profusion.
Her star has set. She Is no longsr the
pampered «•*»* of the studios— tat a
commonplace, awkward school girl.
who looks back upon her ba.tija<«t aa
upon a dream of a bygone fairy tale.
•he reached the awkward «gs that
her usefulness ceased- Every mer
chant who saw her picture was de
lighted with It and at once- wanted
her to help advertise hla goods. Sh*
posed In a Coursack to adverts* a
brand of fiour; she posed with a coffe*
i-in on her head for a coffee house.
She posed with a bowl of breakfast
food before her; «h« posed In a man's
shirt for a linen advertisement, and
•he posed la a bath-tub for a soap
advertisement- She also posed ta bon
nets and cloaks and shoes for fashioa
magazines, and even for boys' styles.
In fact. It Is seldom that a boy model
Is 'used- They are too awkward, self
conscious, and unmanageable. For
nearly all the little boy fashions com*
little girl poses. Her curls and her
graceful figure only maks her look all
the more the part of the «martly
dressed youngsters. Boy models are
used only whea a picture- of »treet
¦waifs Is wanted. Then they arc pick
ed up on the comer for a few pennies.
But there are no prof nsionals among
them. The boy Is Invariably desired
In his aboriginal state, which h» wold
soon forget after a short lift among
the studio*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
"Where did yon learn to do thatr*
Inquired the astonished photographer.
"Oh." remarked the mother with
conscious pride, "she's been posing for
painters for nearly two years.**
"Well, we can't cse any readymad»
actresses here." said the photographer,
•omewfcat disgustedly. And the look
that baby Hung- him. out of her black
eyes, would have annihilated a less
Impressionable man.
What the four-year-old wanted was
what many child models desire an<i
often get — a contract; that la. a signed
agreement to pose for that photo
grapher, and him only, at a stipulated
¦alary Cor a certain nnmter of months
or years. One little girl In Xew York.
Genevieve Anderson by name, who
supported her widowed mother for flv<»
years by her posing 1 , never sat for any
photographer except the one who first
saw her. She wa3 just a little less
than two years old when she . was
brought cae day to his studios AC
cnce he recognized the chili's pos
•Ibdtlis and undertook to train her In
th« art of poainr. It waj not until
THE CHILD MODEL OF THE STUDIOS.
11Fable For the Foolish.
TUB REFORMATION OF
A BROTHER.
stands to the. south of the old sem
inary building and just within the
edge of a noble grove of live oak, flr
and eucalyptus trees, which stretches
over the larger part of the campus.
The bells', which are ten In num
ber, vary in size from 250 to 2500
pounds. They are attuned to a musical
scale and -connected not only with
the clock, but with a console within
the building. Following the old cus
tom of naming bells, Mr. H6wes de
sired that they should bear the names
bf the graces of the spirit as found in
Galatians v:22-23. The four that
ring the chime are Faith. Hope. Peace
and Joy. The largest bell is Love; the
smallest, Meekness. The others are
Gentleness. Goodness, Self-Control
and Long Suffering.
Their history is an interesting one.
They were cast at Cincinnati and were
first heard at the Chicago World's
Fair. Later they were exhibited at
the Midwinter Fair at San Francisco
In 1194. At both fairs they were
awarded medals. They were bought
at the close of the California exposi
tion as a gift to Stanford University,
but that institution was then laboring
through the "dark days" of the great
lawsuit and was unable to erect even
so small a building as a bell tower.
Mr. Hewes accordingly offered the
bells' to Mills College and they were
accepted In 1902. For over a year,
because there were, no means to erect
a suitable tower for such a chime, the
bells found a quiet resting place on
the ground near Lisser Hall and there
they • soon became known as "Our
Silent Ten."
At the recent dedicatory services
Mrs. Mills told the story of the gift
of the tower. She said:
"At our last commencement as X
was passing with some of our friends
'near the bells, I said: 'And here are
our silent ten.' A gentleman asked
his wife afterward what. I meant and
she explained to him. Not long after
he asked her: 'Would you like to help
those bells to ring?' and, planning as
they always do so beautifully together,
they decided to give the bells a home."
The campanile Is not the only gift
for which Mills has to thank Mr. and
Mrs. Smith. ; They were the principal
donors a year ago of the large organ
In Lisser Hall. And Mr. Hewes' Is not
to be remembered merely for his
chime of bells. At the Stanford
Museum he Is represented by a large
and valuable art collection, given in
memory of his wife/ Anna Lathrop
Hewes. JP. W. POWELL.
TRADITION and sentiment have
firmly woven a subtle bond be
tween chimes and colleges. At
Amhem -and at Princeton they
point out with j,ri<le their old chapel
bells, and in the newer institutions at
Ithaca and Palo Alto they were not
content until there had been installed
a chime of bells. It has remained,
however, for Mills College of Oakland,
the one woman's institution of rank
in all the V.'c-st, to erect the only dis
tlncti%dy college bell tower in the
country.
This beautiful structure, which has
Just been formally dedicated, was
xnade possible through the munifi
cence of Mr. and Mrs. Frank M.
6ml th of Oakland and David B. Hewes
of Los Anseles. a brother-in-law of
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford. Designed by
Miss Julia Morgan in the style of the
old Spanish missions, the tower is
built of rough faced gray concrete.
Red terra cotta tiles cover Its roof
and corner buttresses and California
redwood furnishes the ornamental
work. It rises in, three sections to a
height of seventy-five feet. At the
base its dimensions are 12x25 feet, but
at the top it is but half that size. The
Trails are pierced, mission-like, on
tide and pable with arched bell niches
and panel windows. On the front ga
ble alone appears the bronze face of
the clock, which marks the quarters
and at hourly intervals gives the full
Westminster chime. This clock Is the
gift of the faculty, students and
friends of the college. Especially In
teresting Is the door with Its quaint
old lock and nail-studded surface. It
is the gift of Mrs. Amelia W. Trues
dale of San Francisco, a graduate of
Stanford, who procured it from an
old Spanish church In Mexico. Above
the entrance Is a small tablet, which
bears the names of the donors of the
tower. Another to the left records In
elmilar fashion the name of the giver
of the chime. On the opposite side
1» the inscription: "In loyal remem
brance of those who by tongue or pen,
by generous gift or noble. deed have
tided woman on her upward way,
these bells chime on."
A parapet of concrete surrounds the
base of the campanile, its walls sup
porting large, beautiful rases design
ed after those at the Alhambra In
Granada.
Tbt tower U fortunately located. It
Stickley is seriously contemplating
the establishment of a community in
California, where all kinds of me
chanical arts will be practiced and
taught, render his statements here
with of both interest and value.
It so happened that James Henry
had a brother -George who was every
thing that a young man should be who
was distributing such a name as that
over the country. The only thing that
George had ever been known to drink
that was stronger than spring water
was ginger ale and it was currently re
ported that he imbibed that only on
the advice of his family physician.
While James Henry was making night
more or less hideous with his search
for new places to get drunk in George
was sitting in the shadow of a stu
dent's lamp with a green shade over
his eyes and soaking up learning from
a bound file of the Popular Science
Monthly, with Darwin on the side. .
When he felt the need of relaxation
he would go around the corner to an old
friend of his mother's and play euchre
with the young ladies or sing "Bedelia"
to a mandolin accompaniment. He was
a standing imitation o: the model
young man, and could talk by the hour
with the old lady about the awful
habits that the young men of the pres
ent day were subject to.
After the old folks had tried moral
suasion and financial pressure on
James Henry to Induce him to for
sake the ways of sin. and even con
sidered the advisability of a small In
jection of bichloride of gold or a
pinch of the willow bark treatment,
the great idea suddenly burst upon
them that the proper caper was to
send. brother George out with him as
a sort of amateur missionary. They
had It all flsrured out that the pres
ence of George would be a standing
reproach to James Henry and that In
the course of time he would forsake
his evil ways and the cocktail that
flieth by night, anil likewise by high
noon, .and would join George at the
ginger ale fount.
Accordingly the suggestion was
made to James Henry that he should
invite his brother to live with him in
his bachelor apartments for a few
weeks for a change. James Henry was
on to their curves, but he had an idea
that he could see a little amusement
for himself in the dim distance and
he accepted the proposition without a
quiver. He knew that If there was
any trouble coming it wasn't ad-
Yf AMES Henry was the president of
I the Association for the Punlsh
\ ment of Strong Drink and he
(%) worked at his business most of
*-' his waking hours, as well as
many of those when he sure
whether he was awake or not. Also,
he was a director of the International
Society of Boose Fighters and of the
Union for the Promotion of Bromo
Seltzer. As a horrible example for
the use and Instruction of the
members of the W. C. T.. U. be
would have been a tremendous suc
cess and the fool killer would have
found enough material In him to work
over for a month. Ostensibly James
Henry was practicing law, but the only
bar with which he was appreciably fa
miliar was the one with a railing
around the bottom and a handout of
cheese and crackers at the other end.
It was generally supposed that James
Henry's case was incurable. The only
hope for him was that the supply of
spirituous liquor would run out before
he had succeeded in quenching his
thirst and that he would turn his feet
into the paths of righteousness and
sobriety because the other roads were
marked "No Thoroughfare." Those who
are familiar with the yearly output of
the breweries and distilleries of this
broad land, up to and including Ger
many and Scotland, will realize how
slender a thread James Henry's friends
and creditors were clinging to.
The mistake that th? people who nr-*
ranged the contest matle was in, not ¦
recognizing the fundamental fact In
human pomology that it is always th>?
good apples that are spoiled. If that
¦wasn't the case there would never be
any damaged fruit in the barrel.
(Copyright. 1003. by Albert Brltt)
dressed to him. He had had such a
wide and varied experience with that
article In all its forms that he hadn't
a doubt In the world of his ability to
handle all that might come down the
pike. The first night that the two
brothers foregathered in James Hen
ry's choice apartments Qeorge sug
gested that they do a little turn with
"Romola" by way of stimulating the
imagination. He informed James
Henry that he had mapped out a
course of reading that would last
them through the winter and was
guaranteed to give them more pure,
dyed-ln-the-wool culture to the super*
flclal square Inch of gray matter
than any other Intellectual programme
that had ever been put together.
James Henry's reading had been lim
ited to the hotel directory and the
tips for the next day's races, but he
wasn't averse to trying his hand at a
new game If it promised any sort of
stimulation. Stimulation was the
thing that he was after.
The course of every man his own
culturine sailed along beautifully for
a week or two until even George began
to wonder If there wasn't something
that he could do that would break up
the monotony a little. Away from the
family circle without any obligation to
announce the schedule and running
time of his next trip, every time he
went outside the house after dark he
felt that It would be a pity if he
couldn't put his time to better use than
in reading about things that never
happened and wouldn't have Interested
very many people if they had. So
when James Henry suggested one
evening that Instead of sitting down
and communing with the spirits of the
past they should saunter around the
corner to where some spirits of the
very Immediate present held forth he
was nothing loth.
James Henry let him down rather
easily the first night, although George
had a dim Idea when he pried his eyes
the next morning that the ginger alo
he was supposed to have absorbed
must have been In proximity to
something stronger at some period of
its career." Every one knows that gin
ger ale under certain circumstances
has tremendous absorbing powers, but
In the course of the next month George
developed similar powers that mado
ginger ale look like a stone wall. He
could go the pace with James Henry
any night in the week and two or
three times had been the only one who
could tell the cabman the way home
after the meeting had adjourned.
All this while the people at home
were congratulating themselves that
they had struck the nail on the head
when they sent George down to reform
his brother; they hadn't heard the lat
est bulletins from the seat of war. If
they had they would have considered
the advisability of recalling James
Henry to keep him from being ruined
by associating with George. The lat
ter had by this time displaced his
brother from all the official positions
enumerated In the introductory para
graph of this brief but exceedingly in
teresting account and had doubled the
quarterly dividend of the whisky trust.
James Henry was po far In the rear
that he wouldn't even be mentioned
in the list of entries. At last accounts
George was still runninpr strong with
two new bars to his credit and Jamfa
Henry was trailing along in the dust.
The people in the grand stand say
that It will be a hot finish, whatever
happens. .;•'¦*
Accordingly I made plain, simple,
strong furniture, using plain woods
and leathers, preserving in every case
the original grain and texture of both
leather and wood, giving them a
change of tone by simple but potent
processes, and at once the whole line
leaped to success. My workshops are
increasing its capacity all the time
and now. I am contemplating -more
than, doubling them.
The ideas I started with have
grown and. multiplied and thousands
now agree with me.
And the j more I thought upon the
THERE ts no such thing as "Mis
sion furniture" in the true sense
of th« word. The tables and
chairs and benches used by the
Ffanclscan fathers in the old
missions were Spanish or Mexican and
generally of the rudest and crudest
class. Here and there a better piece
may be found, as in, the confessional
chair of San Miguel Mission, but. more
often the chairs are clumsy and crude
ly made, as is one of tne old altar
chairs of San Miguel.
. So rude and shabby, did it appear
that when, some years ago. Bishop
Montgomery (now Archbishop) made
his visitation, the* priest removed it
out of doors and put a more modern
chair In its «tead. The Bishop, with
'that keen appreciation of true.senti
ment for which he is noted, bade the
priest restore the chair to its wc-nted
place. He said he preferred to see and
use - choir in which, doubtless, often
had rested the sainted Junipero Serra,
than the finest of modern chairs.
The chairs and other furniture made
by me are very different from any of
the furniture used In the missions of
California. I never called it by the
mission name and never suggested that
it should be so called. The reason for
the name, however. I think Is clear.
The old r.Mssion architecture is simple,
'dignified, frankly adapted to its pur
pose, and without frills or furbelows of
any kind. That is exactly the fact in
regard to my furniture. There is no
iveekl:)" for flashy and cheap adorn
ment. Nothing i£ stuck on. It Is sim
ple, dignified and fran-k. And in this
clt-se similarity to the aid mission style
you have the reason for the name. Not,
as so many people have imagined, in
that I was copying the old mission
furniture brought over from Spain, or
from Mexico, or made here under the
direction of the padres.
I have been a furniture maker for
many y^ars and have long wished to
make something of a different class
from that which there was a demand
for. But people were not ready for it.
They were hot educated to care for
puch simple furniture as that which I
had in mind. They wanted showy,
flashy, ornate stuff. I wanted some
thing distinctly American. The more
I thought about it the .more I
came to the conclusion that
we, as a nation, were doing nothing
more than imitating the work of other
nations, living in a different country,
under different conditions within en
tirely different environment from ours.
We had our imitations of classic
and empire and Louis XIII and Louis
the magnificent, and Queen Anne and
a score of other styles, but nothing
original, nothing of our own, nothing
American.
I was assured that furniture, as
everything else, ought to represent
ourselves, our conditions, and that It
was better to begin with a single style
that was our own and adapted to our
environment, conditions and life, than
all the time be Imitating something
else, no matter how excellent that
something else seemed to be In its
own place and time.
Little by little this plain, simple
'style evolved. Itself. Certain prin
ciples formulated themselves and to
these my American furniture must
conform. First of all It must be
honest. There must be no sham
about it. It must be what it proposed
and appeared to b*e. Then It must
be adapted to Its purpose. It must
be plainly and openly a chair, or a
table, or a settee. Then It must be
structural. Ita lines must be simple,
dignified and • those best adapted to
the uses to ! which the made article
was to be placed.
We honor Ruskln and Morris and all
the workers in that line, but our work
Is purely American and we are slavish
followers of no one's ideas. Our aim
Is to teach simplicity of life In all its
manifestations and the success our fur
niture and magazine have attained has
far exceeded our most sanguine expec
tations. The world is now ready for
such teachings.
As to the report that I am about to
establish a co-operative community In
California my plans are not yet for
mulated, though it is true that I am
DURING the past few weeks
Gustav Stickley, accompanied
by his wife and two oldest
daughters, has been traveling
through California. Mr. Stickley is
known throughout the world as "The
Crafttman," for he is the originator
and proprietor of the magazine of
that name devoted to the arts and
crafts movement. Its literary editor
is Miss Irene Sargent. But even more
famous than his magazine is Mr.
Sticldey's furniture, which is known
throughout the world as "the Mis
sion furniture, " which name Mr.
Stickley does not altogether approve
of. It' should be remarked that he
and his methods have so won both
purchasers and dealers that he is the
only furniture dca!er in a large scale
in the world who sets the retail price
upon his wares, and who stamps every
piece of furniture made in his shops
with his own r.anie and trademark.
These things a:id the fact that Mr.
subject the more did I see that furni
ture was but a small branch of it. It
Wai as great and wide as life Itself.
Rightly understood the principles that
I laid down for the making of my
furniture apply to everything In life.
Everything should be simple, digni
fied, frank, honest. So I started my
magazine. "The Craftsman." to propa
gate these Ideas." I did not need. the
magazine to push the sale of my fur
niture. That was already pushing
itself. But I did want t^ show that
plainness and simplicity can be ap
plied to everything in our lives with
out loss of elegance, dignity and
power. Nay, indeed, rather the op
posite. Not the greatest people and
nations are the simplest.
In our work we are Imitating no one.
There Is much more to my plan, such
as ths establishment of a high-class
printing concern, where we shall
endeavor to print books eaual to any
Issued in the new or old world. We
shall then bind them in simple, strong,
beautiful and artistic styles. "We shall
have an Ideal community as far as pos
sible, where music of all kinds, art of
all kinds and craftsmanship of all
kinds will be practiced and taught.
Yes. certainly it Is a big plan, but
this is an age of big things, and noth
ing can be accomplished by attempting
to work on a small scale. We shall
plan large, begin small and work up
to a full achievement or all we have
planned and more.
Here In California you have the ideal
conditions for such a community. Hera
are the climate, the pure air. the scen
ery, the frultfulness of soil, the condi
tions which render outdoor life easy
and possible, the self-dependence that
comes from cbllity to grow almost
everything: you need for food, all th«
things that will go to make such a
community practicable.
And as we plan It. It will be an es
sentially practical affair. There will
be a sterling business basis to every
thing. We shall take pupils and edu
cate them practically, as the old guilds
of Europe used to do, in blacksmithlng.
carpentering, stone masonry, bricklay
ing, silverworking, weaving of all kinds
of textiles, gardening and the like.
¦while at the same time giving them ed
ucation in the simpler branches of com
mon knowledse. It will be a kind of
technical school on a broad plan.
If a youth wishes to learn anything
he will be taucht to do the thing by
being required to work on some place
or building Just as if he were a paid
workman. In this way his work will
from the outset mean something to
him. It will have a definite, practical,
commercial value.
This is a matter I have Ions had in
mind. Indeed, ever since I was a your.s
man I have dreamed of It and formu
lated my Ideas. In talking with my
friend here. George Wharton James. I
Hnd we have almost similar ideas. V e
intend to start a community where we
shall live the simple life.
thinking seriously of the matter. I
have a number of tracts of land under
consideration. I expect before long to
purchase one of these and then settle
upon It craftsmen In all the various
lines used In building and furnishing
a house.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALII
THE ARTS AND CRAFTS MOVEMENT
IN AMERICA
12NOVEI/TTES IN
WRIST BAGS (Ce
dl).—If you want
the latest thing in
a wrist bae get a
"Peggy From Par
is" . to match your
doth or silk gown.
Nothing could be
jnore dainty than
a "Peggy" in white
leather, although
there are lovely
ones of leather in
shades of red. dark
and yellow golden
brown, pearl and,
of course, black.
To get the correct
form of this latest
bag it is made
from a. rounding
piece of leath
er plaited at the
top to get a semi
ova] shape. The
usual metal fasten
ings are covered
-with kid. excepting
the clasps and
rings which con
nect the novel
handle of plaited
leather. The unique
method of introduc
ing side plaltings
makes the bag puff
out prettily. For
the matinee, to
hold the opera
glasses, eta, there
are stunning bags
of brocaded silk of
the "heavy enough
to stand alone"
sort of our grand
mother's day. Some
of these bags are
so exquisite In pat
tern, with soft
blurred figures, ex
act copies of rare
silks of long ago,
we can almost
cheat ourselves
into the belief that
they exhale the
perfume of sandal
wood and - cedar
like the old heir
looms from which
they are copied.
Gold set with mock
gems or rare enam
el are the most
beautirul fasten
ings, the latter not
being easily imi
tated in Inferior
goods." Antique sil
ver and gun metal
beautifully polish
ed are also 'much
admired for fas
tenings.
TREATMENT FOR NAIL-BITINO
(Mary) — There is but one way to break
off a bad habit, and that is to exercise
determination and eternal self-watch
fulness. If you are so nervous that you
cannot refrain from picking at some
thing try, and occupy your hands with
some small object; a fan, handkerchief
or purse will offer relief when In publlo
and fancy work may be relied upon for
home diversion. At the same time ex
ert all the j self-control at your com
mand and try to learn to keep the
hands quiet, or at least make the ner-
envelope the exact size of the large
card and send by mall to those you
desire to receive. When your callers
come you need not feel under any
obligations to serve tea. although such
refreshment would be perfectly cor
rect, accompanied by some dainty dry
biscuit only, and would afford varia
tion from strictly baby talk. Baby,
however. Is the main theme and he is
considered sufficiently attractive to In
sure a pleasant call. As your visitors
will be composed -wholly of U4i«s you
may, with perfect propriety, wear the
handsome tea gown and need not rise
to greet them unless you wish to da
so. Do not permit baby to sleep
with either nurse or mother; the
mother needs refreshing: sleep, which
is simply Impossible if baby is worry
ing beside her. By commencing right
correct habits can be readily estab
lished and every one obtain needful
rest at night.
salve, why don't you buy 10 cents' worth
of carmine and mix It with some whits
powder? Keep It a deep pink and be
careful about putting it on, for If It Is
positively Imperceptible It Is wonder
fully becoming. Carmine purchased in
this way la most inexpensive, for 10
cents' worth will last fully a year, even
If It Is used every day.
/""Y O many and so varied are
*Oy thc littlef perplexities thnt
V J enter into almost everf
N-^ woman's life without flml
. Ins satisfactory solution,
and so many and so unusual arc
tho letters that are constantly
being received from women
who cannot find nn answer to
their questions In any other
way, that The Sunday Call has
established this page devoted
entirely \ and exclusively to
"What Women JVont to Know,"
edited by Madge Moore.
• Here every trial * or tribnla
tion of the mind and heart can
be poured out ' in the . full con
sciousness that it will receive se
rious consideration — every
question of fact or fiction, of
the home and nil its manifold
ties and tasks, of the Inner sanc
tuary of a woman's life, finds
ready solution. Ladles, this page
Is all your" very own. . What
would j-oii?'
Plcnsc mldress nil eommu
nlent Ions to Madjre Moore, editor
"What Women Want to Know,"
Sunday Call. San Francisco.
JAKE— Superfluous Hair.— The ques
tion of superfluous hair is one of the
most troublesome on the face of the
earth. Honestly, there is no way of re
moving the hair "forever" but by. the
electric needle. .1 would not try-adver
tisements ; unless I ; knew somethlhar
about' them, for you might Injure your
face. However, if you will write to me
DOLLY SMITH— Rout- — One of the
best formulas for rouge is: i
Finely bolted..:... ..Four ounces.
Carmine -Two drachms
Make a solution of gum tragacanth
and warm water— a. very little only is
required— mix the talc and carmine first
well together and sift, add enough of
the diluted gum tragacanth to form
into a smooth paste, allow it to dry,
apply with a hare's foot to the face.
If you have a quantity of cream, as
I inferred from your note, dissolve pure
rouge (carthamln) which is acidulated
with a solution of acetic acid. Even
carmine sifted would color it, but such
a preparation Is difficult to manage at
home. Unless you particularly want a
WHEN BABY COMES (Young
Mother).— To announce the birth of
your little son have white cards two
and one-fourth inches long by one and
one-fourth Inches wide bearing tho
"little man's" full name and date of
birth. Engraved cards are the best
form. Attach this card to a larger
ohe, bearing your own name and au
dress and day at home. A small hole
through both cards Is made at the
upper left-hand corner, through -which
is run and ¦ tied a dainty little bow
o* white satin baby ribbon. The
mother's name on the card should be
visible below the lower edge of the
small card. Inclose In a heavy white
M. L. GEARY— Coats.— Your coat
could be remodeled very easily and
with little expense. In the flrst place,
take out the inverted pleat and gather
the material on the yoke, with the
greater pr -t of the fullness In the mid
dle of the back. Every'.hlng these days
is full and fluffy and the girdle effect
would not only be pretty, but very
smart as well. Use an inside belt if
you like and shirr the material closely
over a cord so that it will stand up
and show to better advantage. Make
Borne six or seven rows from the
waist line up, but be careful to leave
ample material to puff, both back and
front. Use the large hooks that come
for fur garments at the waist and
buttons for the coat part as they are
more convenient and serve as a trim
ming in the bargain.' Treat the sleeves
In the same way. Remove the cuffs
and shirr to match the girdle effect.
The collar should be let alone if- It is
not too "badly worn. Chiffon is rarely
serviceable, bo why not ' buy a pretty
applique lace and dot it here and
there. However, if you really want
the chiffon again, dip it In alcohol and
press. A. pretty double niching
comes by the yard that you might like
and to my absolute knowledge wears
well. White satin can be cleaned eas
ily and well. Buy a 25-cent bottle of
gasoline at any paint shop. Use a soft
cloth and apply the liquid evenly and
generously, and I think you will have
little or no trouble. Clean the satin
before you attempt to change the coat
and Bee that it gets a good sun bath,
for the odor of gasoline is particularly
disagreeable.
Aixswers to
Correspondents
HOW TO.JVAX A FLOOR (Mrs.
Henry)— There Is considerable knack
In preparing wax for polishing floors
and unless you are willing to devote
the necessary care to Its preparation
I would suggest that you purchase
the prepared • article, together with
the needed brushes. The weighted
polishing brush is really essential to
thorough work, and saves much fa
tigue. However, here Is a reliable
method for home workers, which
costs very little: Cut one pound of
beeswax in small pieces and melt by
placing the pan containing the wax
in another vessel containing hot wa
ter. Place three pints of best tur
pentine in a large pan, away from the
fire or .lighted gas, and slowly pour
the meited wax into it. stirring rap-
Idly all the time until the Ingredients
are thoroughly blended. Have the
floor perfectly clean and dry, dip a
swab of flannel into the mixture and
rub lengthwise of the wood, taking
one board at a time until the surface
is covered. To polish, cover a block
of wood of " convenient size thickly
with flannel and rub the surface of
the floor until a fine, smooth gloss ap
pears.
GENEVIEVE — Eyebrows. — Scant,
scraggy eyebrows certainly are an af
fliction, but you can strengthen the
growth and greatly improve their ap
pearance by using the following lotion:
Red vaseline, two ounces: tincture of
cantharides, one-eighth ounce; oil of
lavender, fifteen drops; oil of rosemary,
fifteen drops. Mix thoroughly. Apply
to the eyebrows with a tiny toothbrush
once a day until the growth Is suffl
"iently stimulated. Then less often.
This ointment may be used for the eye
lashes too, but be very careful, as it
will Inflame the eyes If any gets Into
them. If you lengthen them by means
of a brow stick, purchase the color that
is a' shade darker than your hair. It
comes in three colors, as you probably
know. Here is a dye that the Moorish
women used to darken both brows and
lashes: Gallnuts, 25 grams; sulphate
of iron, 6 gram*, water, 150 grams.
Boil the gallnuts In the water for
half an hour, strain through fine mus
lin and add to the strained water the
five Brains of the sulphate of iron: Boil
again until the liquor Is reduced to
two-thirds. Apply with a sable pencil
to the eyebrows and. to the edge of the
eyelids at the "roots of the lashes. This
operation should be* repeated three
times. Th« bottle containing; the dye
should be tightly corked: ;
• ¦
suede affair which comes in all colors,
and which resembles a boot, as the
top is loose and baggy, and has a
rever that turns over.
Indian moccasins in gray and tan
leathers, well beaded in bright colors,
are also favored by* the shoe girl who
believes that variety is the spice of
life, and who lives up to her belief.
personally I will tell you the. name of
a patent medlcjne that you can use on
your face without the slightest fear. It
will not make thejialr heavier, and I
know that when it returns it is lighter
in color. I am sorry to keep you wait
ing, but will let you know as soon as I
hear from you. •
adornments for the evening slipper,
are also ribbon flowers and buckles. A
pink eatin slipper had a large pink rib
bon rose with a yellow center on each
toe.
Gold and silver cloth and tinsel but
terflies look pretty on the dainty slip
per. The ultra fashionable slipper is
bejeweled in every conceivable design.
A gray suede, for instance, is embroid
ered solid with rhinestones in an ar
tistic floral pattern. Buttons, too, are
a popular feature of decoration, and
are seen in unique designs.
There is an extravagant tendency
along this line in the use of cameos
and miniatures for fastenings.
The black suede slipper has taken
the place of the patent leather to a
great extent. One of the handsomest
designs seen showed a lavender heel
and an immense lavender velvet bow,
fastened with a rhinestone buckle.
Plain blacks are also seen, with
black velvet bows. This style has a
tendency to make the feet appear
smaller than they really are, which
recommends them to the woman
whose feet are large.
For street wear this summer the
Colonial shoe Is to be worn again.
These old-fashioned favorites will
have the buckle and ribbon on front
of the shoe at the top of the vamp.
Some of the buckles to be used with
this style of shoe are striking and ex
pensive." They come with a leather
attachment that converts any oxford
or low shoe Into the most approved
Colonial. This attachment can be
worn with any ordinary shoe laces.
as It has the advantage of hiding
them. It can be easily detached, and
thus makes one pair of shoes serve
for different occasions, changing the
effect with various buckles aa well.
Never -before was there such a be
wildering choice among shoes for
housewear, which combine comfort
and beauty. The Japanese style of
negligee, which Is so much affected at
present for hours of ease, has made
Oriental footwear popular. The shoe
girl who possesses odds and ends of
Bilk crepes, or other Oriental fabrics,
has them made Into toilette slippers
for her boudoir. This toilette slipper
Is the handiest thing to slip pn for
bathroom wear, as It simply has a
pocket for the toe. Some of them are
of quilted satin with a niching of rib
bon around the "pocket," others are
of plain satin with or without high
heels. \
The sandal idea ia in great favor for
boudoir wear. These are desirable;
for Grecian costumes, and numerous
designs are shown in the arrangement
of ribbons. A preference is had for
loose ribbons which leave an oppor
tunity of changing the effect as de
sired.
Fur trimmed Juliets are always
popular for housewear. Another shoe
built on the same plan is shown in
laced design with ribbons attached,
which are fastened around large but
tons In front. • •
Still another shoe of this order Is a
vousnesa as Inconspicuous aa possible.
A woman who* keeps In a constant
flutter Is apt to set the nerves of all
her associate* on edge, and you must
expect sharp criticism concerning your
mannerisms it you do not overcome
this habit, for the passing acquaint
ance is not always a model of sympa
thy. It will help you, remember, not
to bite your finger nails if you will
dissolve .ten grains of quinine In two
tabiespoonfuls of water and smear the
finger tips with the solution. The In
tense bitterness of the mixture will ar
rest your attention at once when you
begin to bite your nails. Excessive tea
drinking is most harmful and causes
Indigestion, as well as seriously under
mining the nervous system. If you are
wise you will stop the use of tea at
once. Pure milk and a liberal quantity
of water between meals will supply
nourishing and needful liquids. Consult
your family physician concerning the
extreme nervousness, and get all the
outdoor exercise and sleep you can,
and at the same time avoid anything
which excites or overfatlguea.
li(«ops wound with
alternate pieces of
b'ue and pink Kutin
ribbon. The front
is finished -.viih a
dashing b!uc and
V'iv.k bow. In a
compartment of
this lia£ are darn-
Ing siilcs and cot
ions of all shades
md ether mending
rsrr.r-hernalia. in
cluding the rrsend
?t, without which
no one can darn
properly.
Anotner section,
by far toe
arger one, contains
the dainty after
noon and evening
which
ar « of Ellk and
Ifcle. embroidered
end plain, and in
c -l the colors of
the rainbow. she
believes that her
hosiery must re
ceive the first con
sideration, to make
her footwear ap
pear to advantage.
and she ppends
many hours in em
broidering floral
desipn,. on the
handsomest ones.
The gown, hose
nr.d slipper mart
be an exact match.
end she permits no
3°viatlon from this.
althouph she oc
casionally embroid
ers a dainty flower
of a contrasting
Fhade on her hos
iery. Just as scon
as the tiniest hole
makes its appear
ance, she darr.s 1t
neatly before it has
an opportunity 10
¦fnlarpe its domain.
Then. -oo. she is
rlways crrefu] to
cir her stockings
carefully after esch
wearing and before
folding away, for
sometimes they can
be worn several
tim.-s v.ithout laun
dering, especially
the red ones. When
the time comes to
introduce them to
) a bath, she does it
herself with a
F<>rd white soap
and a little borax.
The receptacle
for her footwear is
of the next impor
tance in her eyes.
This is a shoe box. which corresponds
in Eire to a good sized chest. She
keeps it in her boudoir for a window
or corner seat and spends consider
able time in its care. This box may
be a simple shirt waist receptacle, if
the owner has not too many 6hoes, or
it may be an elaborately carved chest.
It may be lined or plain inside, but
preferably the former, with a good
quality of quilted satin, well scented
with violet sachet powder.
In this box, which only holds the
daintiest footwear, are as many shoe
trees es there are shoes, and when
•ach pair of shoes or clippers are put
•way. the trees are Inserted. The fas-
Odious girl thus insures the ehape of
her footwear, which lasts twice as
long for the care expended upon It.
TThen she opens her window in the
fe morning to let her room air, the often
throws open the lid of Her shoe box
to let it ventilate as well. By all such
little tricks, which really are only a
term of Innate refinement, the Shoe
Girl retains her reputation as a good
dresser, end also saves many dollars
thereby.
If she has more shoes than space,
Bhe often tacks ribbon straps all about
the Inside of the box with brass
headed tacka, leaving the bands
slightly loose, and in these she in
serts shoes, shoe trees and all. In
one corner of the box she has a small
er box in which she keeps shoe polish
and brushes for her black shoes, some
wfcitinr to keep her slipper buckles
dean, and a tiny, well-corked bottle
of cleansing fluid to take the spots off
the da!nty satin shoes as soon as they
appear. She believes that a stitch in
time save* nine, and her bottle of
chloroform or naphtha works on the
came principle.
As to the content* of the shoe box
Itself, there is no limit tp the comfort
ar« elegance of the shoes thereof.
? Judging from the pretty things dis
played, the art of ehoemaking haa
nearly reached perfection. Surely the
ma pic clipper of Cinderella could not
have been more entrancing than
those which bewitch the eyes of the
privileged one who Is permitted to
peop into this cherished possession of
thf Shoe Girl.
There are Dresden and pompadour
eflhs, satins, suedes, velvets, moroccos
and kids in all shades nnd degrees of
daintiness. The?- are decorated with
chous, bov.'B. buckles and etraps, which
add much to the artistic effect of this
charming footwear.
Fashion seems to favor satin and vel
vet for evening slippers instead of pat
ent Irather, which was formerly con
sidered the correct thing. Soft kid also
enjoys prominence, and is desirable, as
It clings to the feet better than fabrics.
Louis Quinze heels are the favorites
for dainty and the toes are all
quite pointed.
Dresden and pompadour silks are to
be Been frequently In more conserva
tive footwear. Painted kid is also a
*r.ew fad which Is gaining In favor, as
It lends Itself to every scheme of deco
ration. It Is also quite the fashion for
Among the fads of decorated designs
for the college girl is her favorite em
blem, the favored football class colors,
monograms or initials. The new Per
sian trimming, which Is , being em
ployed by many, Is the approved deco
ration of the moment for slippers also.
The most noticeable thing about this
reason's slippers' are the ornaments
employed in embellishing them. A
plain, pale blue ' satin slipper, for In
stance, has* a blue chiffon rosette, in
the heart of which Is fastened a glis
tening fleur.de lis rhlnestone buckle.
Another one has a butterfly bow of the
same material with a rhinestone orna
ment to keep It in position. By gas or
electric li;;ht these pretty little stones
look likp fireflies.
Immense tulle chous are also favorite
*^f PROPOS of the old saw that
f 1 you can always Judge a lady
[^ I by her shoes, the summer girl
1 cf 1904 Is trying to live up to
a standard which will warrant her
claim to this badge of pentility. If she
must be economical, the fastidious phoe
girl prefers to practice the virtue !n
tome other direction, for her hosiery
and foot wear must be faultless.
Bach a dainty creature as she Is,
this plrl who runs to fads In stockings
arJ Fhoes: No miser ever counted his
gold with more satisfaction than Bhe
does the contents of her hosiery bag
and shoe box.
This voluminous bag, by the way,
i-; practical as well as artistic, and It
adorns h?r closet door. It is made
of a dainty blue mercerized sateen,
with jnr.k roses sprawling over it. and
it is suspended by two embroidery
the girl of leisure to embroider her own
fabric and then hand It over to her
shoemaker to make her slippers to
measurement.
THE 5AN FRANCISCO SUNDAY GALI1
WHAT WOMEN
WANT TO KNOW
A BEAUTIFUL
WOMAN
Toe tare* requisites of facial beauty irw
rounded femtwM*. abaenc* of wrinkles and ai
fins complexion, end ah* Is a wise woman*'
bleased wttn these favors, who win strlvet
by every saeaoa to preserve, or. If lost, re-
gtcra them.
Dr. Charte* Jlesh Food, the greattst oft
brautUWrs to-day, Is the result of years og
Study and experiance by Dr. Caarl««. a.
physician ef nigh st&cdlng- la his profs— 1on.t
»nd his preparation Is tn« only one In the*
world recocnlsed and Indorsed bjr the modi-'
eat fraternity. It is positively tie onlr
preparation known to tcienc- which with-
out the um of medicine* and tonics will
fonad out tho bollowed. thin cheek or
scrawny neck with nnn, healthy fleas, for
removing wrinkles) from tho face, neck anJ
hands it mets like raaglo— on* application
irttm showing * ledded Improvement, es-
pecially when the furrow is deep.
7or developing the bust or to make th»
breast firm, iargs and beautiful. nothlag>
can aqnal It. To prevent the breast from
shrinking, mother* should always u«* Dr.
Cbarlca FI«sh Food after weaning baby. It
Will also restore a bosom to its natural con-
tour and beauty lost through this caase.
We e*rn*«tly warn ladle* to avoid sub->
KtttQtes of . Dr. Charles Flesh Food. Be*
that tha name and portrait of Dr. Charles)
U on. the/ box bafor* purchasing. W* also.
warn ladles not to dm any other cream on>
the face; as Dr. Charles' Flesh food is gttar-
fcnteed not to promote tha growth of hair.
' On tal* at all the principal Department
Stores and Druggists.
SPECIAL OFFER-™* SET
of Dr Charles Flesh Food is Jl CO a. box. bu:
to introduce it into thousands of new homn
It* proprietors have decided to send two (2>
boxes to all who answer this advertisement,
and send them $L0O. All packages ar* seat
In plain wrapper, postage prepaid. .
PPprj a sample box— Just enough to>
' " aa convince you of the gr«»9
aerit of Dr. Charles Flesh Food— will tq
a«at Ire* for 10 cents, which pays for eosj
cf mailing. We will a'.ao send you ouil
llustrated book. "Art of Maasac*," whichj
»nUhu all the proper movements for mas-
iagis* th« face, nock and arms, as4 full
filreodons for developing ta« bust. Address,
MLXHAaLESCO..IO3FBBnSL laiYsriMuch as Japanese have bottled up the Russians in I'ort Arthur the Mikado's diplomats arc also holding the world's leading correspondents in close thrall— as far from the fighting line as possible. Here are some of the most prominent writers now in the Orient.
Reading from Grant Wallace on the extreme left to Jimmy -Hare on the extreme right, they are: , - 6>i>^;- - % ¦ ' .'¦ '-¦'¦r''
Grant Wallace ...Sun Francisco Bulletin
Martin Eras Associated Press
George" Lynch ...............London Chronicle
Frederick Palmer Collier's
B. J. McHugh London Telegraph
W. Maxwell..... London Standard
Melton Pryor........ Illustrated News, London
Colonel Hume British Military Attache
Lieut. Col. Wood.. American Military Attache
Oscar King Davta....... t ..Ban Francisco Call
Gordon Smith London Post
Walter Kinon Standard News
W. Donald Australian Syndtcate
A. Troles. ...... .....La Tribuna. Rome
8. B. Trlssel ....Associated Press
H. F. Knight .". London Post
William Dinwlddle New York World
Walter Klngswell ;... London Ex^res-:
Sydney Smith .................. -London Mall
Sheldon Williams Sphere
Hector Fuller Indianapolis News
Captain Smalwood ........... .London Express
W. L. Comfort ¦.'...... Plttsburir Dispatch
-James Ne** York World
Bill Brill Renter's
John F. Baas •••.... ... ..Chicago News
Kobert Collins neuter's
Coy Seull . / New York Globe
Sir Bryaa l.a!ghton Lob Anzeiis Huiald
W. Glosstrp ,« Yorkshire Post
Kendall ...............London Telegraph
Cahiiaac London Chronicle
Captain Thomas Paris Gaulots
Jimmy Uare CoM«r'«
MEN WHOM THE MIKADO SEEKS TO KEEP OFF FIRING LINE
The celebration of, the. first -ehrlst
mas after the organization of the
school was one which will be lone re-
of its kind to be established in Alaska.
The teaching of this school Jn the
far north is not this young man's first
experience in the instruction of boys
and young men. Trevious to his. ap
pointment, four years ago, Mr. Moses
had charge of the boys' department of
the Young Men's Christian Association
of Providence, Rhode 'Island, -and dur
ing the time that the juvenile classes
of that institution were under his direc
tion he learned much that was of value
to him in hia new work regarding the
Instruction of young people. H. L. Cal
der, a member of the Young Men's
Christian Association of -Providence,
not long ago received a letter from F.
F. Merritt, the United States Commis
sioner at St. Michael,- describing the
school and the Commissioner spoke in
the "highest terms of the work accom
plished by the former director of the
Y. M. C. A., and so highly did the resi
dents of St. Michael appreciate the vol
untary services of Mr. Moses that they
recently presented him with a hand
some Masonic, charm as a token of their
regard. , , .
membered in St. Michael. It was givtsn
by the pupils of th» school and was the
first entertainment ever given In the
town by children and young people.
The programme was arranged by Mr.
Moses, who endeavored, as nearly as
possible, to follow the customs, of the
New England country school. The pro
gramme consi'sted of Christmas carols,
songs and recitations by the white chil-
a *line as last year though every <jne
said that the entertainment this year
was twice as good as the flrst onel
"The boys each received a 'parka' (a
fur jacket or blouse, cut something i:i
the shape of a man's overshirt), two
pairs of socks and a bag of candy, and
the girls received a waist, a sewing bag
and a bag of candy each. I also gave
each boy and girl a fifty-pound sack
of flour. Instead of delivering the flour
as I did last year, I had it at the tree
and after the entertainment I gave it
to them to carry home."
Immediately after the New Year the
school reopened and at the last account
there was talk of erecting a school
house in St. Michael for the accommo
dation of the increasing classes. So
popular has Mr. Moses become through
his work in the school that no event,
whether social or otherwise, is consid
ered a success unless "Mr. Frank," as
the young teacher is lovingly called b/
his pupils, is present. And he has'weil
deserved the respect and love which
hs has won, for he has successfully
carried out a great work without ask
ing any reward for his services and
with no Incentive except the wish to
better the condition of the young peo
ple of St. Michael.
half-breed children, the most of whom
knew only their own dialect' and just
enough English "to swear in," and the
white children were in much the same
condition except where their parents
bad instructed them in the letters of
the alphabet and ir» .simple arithmetic.
After several months he proposed to
some of the most influential of iha
residents of St. Michael that they or
ganize a school and send to San Fran
cisco for a teacher. He was informed
that an effort had already been made
to establish some kind of a school, bul
that no one cared to come so far from
civilization for the salary that the rpo
ple of St. Michael were able to offer.
After considering the question for some
time Mr. Moses volunteered to try and
organize a school, stipulating, however,
that if successful, his services as teat-n
er should be rendered without cost to
the town, as he, being in the service
of the Government, could not accept
any other position with a salary at
tached. His proposal was immediately
accepted and the self-apjiointed in
structor at once set to work among the
children and young folks of the town,
and soon had the names of twenty or
more enrolled in the flrst class.
The first difficulty which presented it
self to the young registrar after the
organization of the class was that of
obtaining a place large enough for a
classroom, and for a time it seemed
as though the lack of a suitable room
or hall would prove a bar to the enter
prise; but after some discussion per
mission was granted Mr.* Moses by the
Judge at St. Michael to use the court
room, and so in the judicial hall of
the town was opened the first school
Another thing which Mr. Moses has
Introduced in the school is the system
atic study of practical gymnastics, in
which both the white and half-breed
children take great interest, and the
commander of the garrison at St.
Michael, realizing the value ef the
work undertaken by the volunteer in
structor, has very- kindly placed the
military gymnasium at the disposal of
the schooL Since they have had access
to the proper apparatus for physical de
velopment Mr. Moses' pupils have be
come very proficient in all kinds ol
gymnastic exercises.
When Mr. Moses first arrived at St.
Michael he was touched by the ex
treme ignorance of the "native and
on the shore of Norton Sound, has
been established the first "school for
the education of white and half-breed
children*to be organized, in that far
away. Ice-bound territory, and that the
Institution has proven a is due
to the untiring efforts and unselfish
devotion of Franklin Moses, the regis
trar of the United States Land Office
at St. Michael. The school was organ
ized with only twenty pupils and now,
In less, than two years, the membership
has grown to nearly one hundred.
Many of the half-breed pupils, who,
when they first entered the school, did
not know one letter of the alphabet
from another, can now read and write,
and shave acquired some knowledge of
arithmetic. )
The difficulties which confronted Mr.
Moses when he began his woTk may
bs better imagined than described, es
pecially when it is remembered that
in the beginning he knew nothing of
the native tongue, and many of the
halt-breed children were familiar with
but few words of English. - Under
these conditions the work of the self
appointed teacher was difficult in the
extreme, but one by one the obstacles
v.ere overcome, and the number of pu
pils increased, until, at the present
time, the students are not only in
structed in^reading, writing and arith
metic, but also study the Scriptures
and lately they haye taken up simple
choral music.
IN the little town of St.. Michael, the
headquarters c-f the military reser
vation of Alaska, which is situated
dren and a number of simple choruses
by the half-breeds and natives. After
the entertainment the latter enjoyed a
bountiful Christmas dinner prepared by
e number of the officers' wives and
ladles of the town, and in the evening
there was the regulation Christmas
tree, from which a Santa Claus in seal
Bkins distributed gifts to the pupils of
the school.
Mr. Moses opened the school for the
flrst time In November, 1902.' and It was
closed for the first vacation in May.
1903. In less than seven months Mr.
Moses had taught all his pupils to read
at sight and many of them were al
ready learning to write. The difficulty
of teaching the Ignorant natives the
letters of the alphabet was almost in
credible, it being necessary to write
each letter on the board and then re
peat It over and over until, parrot
like, they had learned it by heart. The
' white children, of course, advanced
more rapidly than the natives and
half-breeds and before long It was
found advisable to divide the school
Into three classes of white children,
half-breeds and natives, and then, in
deed, was the volunteer teacher kept
busy. . .
After a summer vacation of four
months the school was reopened in
September, 1903, and the children ad
vwiced steadily until the Christmas
holidays once more interrupted the
work. The celebration of* the second
Christmas was much like the flrst ex
cept that the programme rendered by
the pupils of the school was far more
elaborate, Including recitations, sing
ing (both solo and choral), gymnastic
exercises by the boys and a fancy drill
by the girls, who executed a number of
pretty figures.
In a letter to a friend in Oakland.
Cal., Mr. Moses gives the following ac
count of the Christmas celebration:
"Christmas has come and gone once
esaia and I went through just such
The gravitative or attractive power
of a globe a million times as massive
as the fuii puts another strain upon
the imagination.
Fortunate for us that it is not near
by' If »Jic rarth were as near to that
tremendous star as it is to the sun —
that is to say, vithin about 93,000,000
miles o* its center — this Bolid globe
could not or.duro a minut*. At that dis
tance the blfizing orb of Canopus would
*=eem to fill a whole quarter of the
heavens, and the light and heat poured
upon us would be 19,000 times more In
tence than the present radiation of the
fun. The earth would melt and vapo
rize like a srto\vfiE.ke sucked into the
open door of a furnace.
As much as the sun exceeds the
earth, so much Canopus exceeds the
sun. In each case the multiplicator is
a million. A single unit stands for the
earth; a million units represent the
sun; a million times a million units
denote Canopus. Yet Canopus is also
a sun; at least we do not know what
else to call it. But what a sun!
It will be observed that the compari
son between the sun and the earth i3
based on their relative size, or volume,
while for the sun and CanoDUs it re
lates to their mass, or quantity of mat
ter. This, however, does not essentially
uffect the stated inequality. Another
term for mass, in everyday life, is
¦weight. We say that two bodies which
th" same are equal in mass. It
follow?, then, that Canopus placed in
one s'-ale of a balance would lift a mil
lion suns piled together In the other
eoa!c. If the mean density of Canopus
is greater than the mean destiny of tho
sun. the former may not be a million
tiinos larger than the latter. But the
probability that there Is no great dif
ference of density, and that we may
Eay. indifferently, that Canopua ex
ceeds the eun a million times in mass,
cr In t-izc.
When you have succeeded, then, in
forming a definite mental picture of
the great globe of the sun, you are
ready for the final flight of imagina
tion, which Mr. Gore's calculation,
based upon authentic astronomical
data, demands that you make if you
hope to understand the scale on
which this universe is built. These
ten v.ords sketch the magnitude of the
conception now required of you;
"Canopus is a million times more
massive than the sun."
In estimating th2 relative magni
tudes of celestial bodies, the first term
of comparison is necessarily the earth.
Because v.-e dwell upon the earth we
tre able to get something like a real-
Izins sense of its actual size. We can
go around it In various directions and
can apply a magnified foot rule to it.
thxia obtaining by direct means tha
data for a. mer.Lal picture of a globe
over £3,000 miies in circumference".
Yet all do r.ot find is easy to form
sud-. a* picture and hold it before the
tn!nd*a eye. It looks more or less
has/ and ill defined iu outline, be
cause of the depth of the perspective.
But assuming that you have In your
rr.ind r* t lesx picture of the earth as
eii astronomical body hanging * in
Bpace, first EteaJv yourself by confi
dently p*aspln£ the hand of astron
omy and then, letting the earth go as
after all an Inconsiderable trifle, ga/.-2
onward into the far mightier perspec
tive in the midst of which hangs the
Eun, a body more than a million
times larger than the earth.
There are persons not lacking edu
cation who Jiatly refuse to believe this.
They prefer to think that astronom
ers have made a mistake or com
mitted some oversight, rather than ac
cept the statement that the sun, which
does not look very large In the sky —
certainly no larger than the moon —
Is equal in bulk to more than a v mil
lion earths. Yet of course the fact is
as incontestable as any known to
science. There Is no guesswork
about it.
T!ie magnitude of conception which
¦we are required to form i:i this casi
eo far transcends the ordinary exer
cises of the imagination that it can
only be approached step by step, as
one ascends a. mountain by first climb-
Ing the foothiiis and its lower but
tresses. Even the Cnt step here Is
t?:ie from which some minds will re
coil.
OCCASIONAL tendency of the
fiffurjes used in astronomy to
strain the faith. If not the imag
ination of the technical reader
almost to the breaking point, is Illus
tntted by a recent calculation by J. E.
Core of the Roya! Astronomical Soci
ety concerning the i>roba.ble mass of
what, as fax a? we know at present,
may be regarded as the greatest body
!n the universe — the star Cnnouus.
/^-ylXTEEN times larger than any
timepiece In the world will be
irJ the floral clock at the exposition
4^ grounds at St. Louis, which la
located in front of the north entrance
to the Palace of Agriculture, and 8epa
rated from that building by a drive
way. Although it i3 what Is known as
a floral cloc'i. it will keep accurate
time, for beneath the vines and other
plants, skilled artisans have construct
ed machinery similar to the works of
a watch, but which in size bears the
same comparison as does the dino
therium, which once inhabited the mlo
cene beds of Europe and Asia, to the
titmouse o* to-day.
The disk consists of a circle of flow
er beds 112 feet in. diameter; and the
hands are Ions, green pointers, the larg
est of which moves five fest a minute.
At the place where these hands Join
In the center, a tall man could lie
down and the surface beneath would
extend four feet beyond hi3 head.
Between the dial ar.d the Palace of
Agriculture are three small ornate
buildings. The central one, which is
14 feet square at the base and 14 feet
to the cornice line, is of Grecian archi
tecture, except the roof, which is a
hemisphere 12 feet in diameter. Th*
ground color of this roof Is azure; It Is
dotted with stars and marked with
meridians, to represent the heavens. In
this building Is the mechanism that
connects with the underground ma
chinery and moves the hands, also th«
mechanism that strikes the great bell.
The south wall is of plate glass, and
the glass in turn is hidden from view
by a swinging door, except for a few
minutes during every hour, when the
door 13 thrown back automatically, re
vealing the works within. Above the
dome is a figure of Time.
On the right of this central building
Is a similar structure, though smaller:
the roof, also a hemisphere, represents
half the earth, showing the western
continents. Within hangs the 7000
pound bell, which sounds the hours In
deep tones that can be heard all over
the exposition grounds. And It Is at
the first stroke of the bell that the
door swings open, revealing the clock
work.
A companion structure stands on the
left of the central building, and within
is an immense hour glass that turns
automatically every hour.
At night these three buildings will be
brilliantly illuminated, and so will be
the dial, to do which electric bulbs will
nestle under the plants that form tha
numerals and cover the hand3. To
cause the necessary effect, 2000 lights
will be used.
This clock, in so far as the machinery
Tots, is an exhibit cK a "Western
manufactory; the floral arrangement
has been planned by the Chief of Ag
riculture of the exposition and his
assistants. Following the latest plans,
the inner surface of the dial— the
smaller circle, which is bordered by a
white rim containing the numerals—
•will be of white, low-growing t'.ov.ersi
bordered by a thin hedge of foliage
plants. Within the rim the numerals
of the hours will be dark, tall foliage
plants, thrown into relief by interven
ing white blossoms, the same as those
growing in the inner circle. The border
of the rim will be a circle of low
growing flowers, and beyond this again
will be spears of foliage plants, red
alternating with yellow, which will in
dicate the seconds. 1S0O of the one color
and the same number of the other,
making SCOO in all.
Surrounding the complete circumfer
ence of the dial on the outside will be
six feet of lawn, and surrounding this
again will be a broad path of red-col
ored earth.
- The minute and the hour hands ar*
long steel troughs. In which fertilized
earth has been placed to supply nour
ishment to the vines that will cover
the metal and completely hide it from
view. The minute hand weighs 2500
pounds, and the vines that will cover
it would from view the front of
a large house.
The effect in the daytime will be that
of a mass of green moving slowly over
a field of white, and pointing at bril
liant-colored hours and minutes; at
night, a glowing indicator will move
abc-ve glowing numerals. Particulars
of the great clock:
rHamet-r of dial 113 fest.
length of minut<" hand TO feet.
Diameter of the hands across th«
renter v> 10 feet.
Minute hand moves each '"minute 5 feet.
Weight of minute hand 2300 pounds.
We'.sM of bell «000 pounds.
Diameter of bell at mouth 70 Inches.
Height of bell eoiachea.
— Scientific American.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAYo CALL.
Largest
Clock
in tine
World.
Canopus
Is a
Mighty
Star.
TIMELY TOPICS OF THE WORLD
14turning his back upen her, conies flown
to ths footlights and tells the audience
how he adores her. When he ha* fin
ished, he. in his turn, retires into the
corner and she coxnts down and tells
the audience that she is simply mad
about him. Overcome with Joy at find
ing she really cares for him*, he comes
down "right" and says that this is the
happiest moment of his life; and she
stands "left," twelve feet away from
him, and has the presentiment that all
this sort of thing is much too good to
last. They go off together backward,
side by side. If there is any love
making, such as I understand by the
term, it is done "off." This la not my
idea of acting. But I da not see how
you are going to substitute for it any
thing more natural. When you are
singing at the top of your voice, you
don't want a heavy woman hanging
round your neck. When you ars kill
ing a man and warbling about it at the
same time, you don't want him fooling
around you defending himself. You
want him to have a little reasonable
patience and to wait In his proper place
till you have finished telling himi'or
rather telllns the crowd, how much
you hate and despise him. When' the
proper time comes — and If he 13 where
you expect to find him while thinking
of your upper C — you -will hit him light
ly on the shoulder with your sword,
and then he can die to his own partic
ular tune. If you have been severely
wounded in battle, or in any sort of a
row, and have got to sing' a long bal
lad before you finally expire, you dan't
want to have to think how a man
would really behave who knew he had
only got a few minutes to live and was
feeling bad about it. The chances are
that he would not want to sing at all.
The woman who really loved him would
not encourage him to sing. She would
want him to keep quiet whila she moved
herself about a bit. In case there was
anything that could be done for him.
If a bloodthirsty mob la climbing the
stairs after you. you do not want to
stand upright with your arms stretched
out ». good eighteen Inches from* that
door, while you go over at some length
the varied incidents leading up to the
annoyance. If your desire were to act
naturally you would push against that
door for all you were worth, and yell
for somebody to bring you a chest of
drawers and a bedstead — things Ilka
that, to pile up against iu If you were
a king, and were giving a party, you
would not want your guests to fix you
up at the other end of the room and
l«ave you there, with nobody to talk to
but your own wife, while they turned
their backs upon you, and had a Ions
and complicated dance all to them
selves. You would want to be in it;
you would want to let them know that
you were king. In acting, all these lit
tle points have to be considered. In
opera, everything Is rightly sacrificed
to musical necessity. I have seen tha
young, enthusiastic opera singer who
thought that he or she could act and
sing at the same time. Tha expe
rienced artist takes the center of th»
stage and husbands his resources.
Whether he is supposed to be Indig
nant because somebody has killed his
mother, or cheerful because he Is going
out to fight his country's foes, who ara
only waiting till he has finished slngln;
before attacking the town, he leaves it
to the composer to make clear.
Also it was Herr Wagner's idea that
the back cloth would leave the opera
goer Indifferent to the picture gallery.
It cannot be done. Herr Wagner, be
lieve me. You cannot substitute the
Music Drama for all the arts combined.
The object to be aimed at by the wise
composer should be to make us. while
listening to his music, forgetful of all
remaining artistic considerations.
projected in straight lines, as In such
a case their odor would be noticeable
almost Instantaneously throughout the
room, which is not so.
The process is analogous to the color-
Ing of water in a glas3, for instance.
by a drop of red Ink, which takes place
gradually In a similar way. Oil and
water do not vibrate harmoniously,
therefore they do not mix, eta All the
assertions made here are but the logical
deductions following the theories and
opinions of the different authorities of
every age. which are in accordance with
the experiences and observations of
exact science.
Radio activity, according to t&a fore
going, would then be but a modification
of solar energy, which, including its
accompanying substratum of subtle
substance in the form of ether or mat
ter in the fourth state, penetrates t«r
restlal bodies, whereby this energy,
this form of motion. Is changed, accord
ing to existing conditions, into light,
heat, electricity, etc At the same time,
as is but natural. Its material sub
stratum, the ether, is likewise trans
formed. And as the visible solar rays
passing through a prism without af
fecting the latter in the least, reappear
as differently colored rays of light with
different . properties, so the > invisible*
rays of energy, when they pass through
radium. ¦ suffer a modification without
changing the radium Itself and issue
forth, as visible r*y» and electrons.
showing different properties.
These modified rays, as they pass
through other bodies near by, oscillate
for a time with the atomlo ™'TTfm». of
those bodies whereby their molecular
vibrations are changed and the differ
ent unexplained effects and phenomena
are produced of temporary fluores
cence, of temporary, coloring glass
blue, brown,- green, according to Its
constitution, etc
And in order to follow up these ar
guments to their legitimate ultimate
conclusions we might consider the sun
Itself as a center and focus, on which
the rays of energy of still higher and
invisible centers are concentrated and
modified, appearing on . our sun as
luminous rays and penetrating from
there our planetary system as rays of
life-electricity. Verbum sat sapient!.
rent of force necessarily c-jnslst of
three rays. Modern scienca cannot
contradict this assertion, as it has been
found that Roentgen rays, as well as
radium rays, consist Indeed of three
distinct , and , different rays of energy
(Professor Crookes, etc.). (One of these
rays Is propelling and positive, the sec
ond is negative, enveloping and en
circling the first one, while the third"
encircles both the others and keeps
them, so to speak, in equilibrium. Their
respective velocities are as 1-2-S.) The
finer the substance, the greater the
force, or its inherent velocity.
It Is clear that the finest and most
rapid of the substances filling the uni
verse penetrates the easiest and quasi
unimpeded the denser matter, while
the atoms of the more substantial
ethers have to force their way through
the interstices of the molecules and
their dynaspheres in spiral wavea, os
cillating temporarily with the atoms
of the molecule of denser matter, part
ly changing their velocities and thus
determining the properties of such
matter: chemical, | thermal, electrical,
etc. This, 1 as well as the fact that ths
atom of even the finest substance is
composed "of atomic triplets, each of
which consists again of triplets, etc.,
ad innnitum, tends to show that
matter is .Infinitely • divisible, as
many learned men of' past centuries
have contended (Schoppenbauer. Male
branche, et alii) and as several intui
tive authorities of our > present day
(Professor Crookes,^ Lodge, etc) are
forced to recognize in consequence of
the facts disclosed by radio-activity..
The kinetic gas theory, according to
which the 'gas particles shoot "through
space in straight Hies and v in wild
confusion, rebounding, from, confining
walls without diminution of velocity or
force, is contradictory of rJl scientific
experience. If a small quantity of
powder is burned in a room, it takes
considerable time before the gases de
veloped by the explosion have spread
through the whole room; for, accord-
Ing to what has been said so far. the
gases have to force themselves in
spiral waves through the' interstices of
the molecules of • the" air, with which
they oscillate sympathetically for a
time; but never are these gas particles
THE world's foremost searchers
after the ultimate secrets of the
universe are at present devot
ing themselves to the studies of
the newly discovered element,
rtdiam, and the Interest in this re
markable metal is growing day by day,
especially In scientific circles, as the
phenomena observed at the investiga
tions are not only in contradiction of
our generally accepted ideas about
light and energy, out also seem to
upset some cf the fundamental laws of
science as hitherto formulated.
These Investigations, according to
the assurances of the authorities in
terested in the subject, were exceed
ingly thorough and exhaustive, having
been conducted and controlled with
painstaking care, and the results
which the several competent investi
gators arrived at were the same In
nearly every instance, bo that any pos
sibility of a mistake is simply out of
question. The absolute facts about the
metal and its properties are, therefore,
firmly established. On the other hand,
the fundamental laws of our scientific
researches do not permit of any ex
ceptions, nor of any contradictions;
they are either absolutely correct and
unconditionally valid, or they are er
roneous.
First of all, it is an established fact
that the rays projected continually by
this strange metal not only produce
chemical action, but they also give off
heat and energy "in enormous quanti
ties." It is furthermore established
that particles of exceedingly fine mat
ter, so-called electrons, are thrown off
with great vehemence and velocity,
forming the necessary substratum ' of
the said energy— which is quite in ac
cordance with scientific logic, for
•force" without "matter" is inconceiv
able and "motion" is not possible with
out "something" which is moved. But
on the other hand it is found that ra
dium emits its rays without chemical
transformation, combustion or virtu
ally any change whatever, so that no
perceptible loss of weight takes place
< Crookes). or if such should really be
the cage the loss consists only in an in
finitesimal quantity and in mluions
and billions of years (Lord Kelvin,
professor Becquerel, etc), which is in
no proportion whatever to the "enor
mous quantities" of force and heat
proceeding from the metal, whereby no
less than 7,200,000 electrons per minute
are projected into spac* from a very
eiudl surface Since, however, force
is a system in a state of Intrinsic mo
tion, as a vortex ring, a constellation
of atoms in orbital motion. . :
On the basis of tl\is assumption
Professor Hertz of Bonn already, years
.ago made certain experiments with
a view to split the molecule by
"resonance" (sound) vibration; but
even with a million vibrations a sec
ond he failed. But another investi
gator with proper - appliances suc
ceeded to tear the molecule asunder
with only 42,800 vibrations a second,
and he established that every moecule
of matter, be it solid, fluid, gaseous
or etheric, etc, consisted of atomic
triplets, which inside of ..their -own
special • surrounding atmosphere, their
so-called, "dynasphere" , of still finer,
matter, turned around each other,
while revolving around a neutral cen
ter ' (the .'' second ¦ constituent ' of ' the
molecule revolving around the first,
and the ' third around the first and
secondrso that their respective veloci
ties are as 1:2:8). Superficially the
.three •constituents'* of, a, molecule • of
solid matter would themselves /consist
of atoms of fluid matter, the triplets
of fluid' matter would* consist* of gase
ous atoms and gaseous matter of
etheric atoms, etc, up to the .finest
substance.
The explanation of a phenomenon
tends 'to -reducing its genesis, to its
simplest beginnings and to Its earliest
forms.,. Modern science commences
with an atom of solid matter, but
solidity as , postulated is no real fact
at all In nature. In the sense in which
it is ascribed . to . the atom, according
to the foregoing and as we know it by
experience, "solidity" is not the
simplest but on the contrary the most
complicated phase of material con
sistency. The denser the matter, the
more constellations of atoms are
presseU together in the molecule and
the smaller are the circles described,
by the constellations', whereby, how
ever, neither their Inherent force, nor.
the quantity of matter in the aggre
gate is decreased, in the least. For
matter and force are inseparable and
therefore all the force Inherent In 'all
the different constellations of atoms,
of which the molecule of solid matter
consists, must be concentrated there
and latent, which again conforms
with experience, for where would the
immense amount, of energy come
from which is developed at the ex
plosion of gunpowder or dynamite,
since force cannoL.be created but only
transformed, if it had not been press
ed into the molecule during its forma
tion and been held there?. It is true,
there is a theorem according to which
energy is dissipated. in the proportion
in which 'matter Is concentrated,
"Evolution is an integration of matter
and~, concomitant . dissipation of mo
tion (Synthetic Philosophy; first prin
ciples. H. Spencer)* 'But this theorem
would have to ba modified, for "force"
i can not be separated from, its sub
stratum "matter," and It; gets 'stored
up 'in the molecule ,as the atoms rof
subtle ether group themselves to" form
denser" matter: j An ratom of oxygen
and'the two atoms of hydrogen form
ing together an atom of water retain
their respective latent force and prop
erties, no matter how often we may
. decompose the water into these con
stituents. - -
As there are innumerable different
states or grades of solid, fluid, gaseous,
etc., \ bodies, so are the possibilities in
finite of different combinations of ag
gregates of atomic constellations. The
results which we get in calculating the
number of atomic minima constituting;
the molecule of different kinds of mat
ter and of the respective velocities of
those atoms . l are . inconceivable,* it is
true, but our incapacity to comprehend
a thing is no proof of Its impossibility.
As every molecule of; matter consists,
of atomic triplets, so must every cur-
stances. This we can see with oun
eyes or we can prove it. But likewise
there are a great number of different
kinds of ether, according to the opin
ion of many of o-ur modern and an
cient men of learning — and scientific
analogy and logic justify such assump
tion—different varieties of subtle par
ticles of ether or of matter In the
fourth state, underlying as substratum
the different kinds and modifications
of force such as "light," "heat," "elec
tricity." "magnetism," etc. Modern
scientists in general declare all these
forces as different vibrations or differ
ent "forms of motion" of one and the
same ether. But other authorities do
not indorse this theory. For vibra
tions or "undulatory motion" of ether
In ether is Inconceivable without a
vacuum somewhere.
It is, however, a scientific axiom that
there is no vacuum in space which is
pervaded by the universal ether and,
therefore, no undulatory motion of
ether is possible in this Its own me
dium. *
On the strength of these arguments
the undulatory theory of light is re
jected as erroneous by many authori
ties, who hold that a subtle mind of
ether particles are projected from the
sun with the 'known velocity, which,
after traveling through space filled
with a still finer kind of ether, pene
trating the much denser medium of
terrestrial air reach our earth, to form
the different modifications of solar en
ergy—light, heat, magnetism, electrio
lty, etc, whereby , the material sub
stratum of solar 1 energy ; Is , likewise
modified, so that a special and differ
ent ether serves these different forces
each as substratum. No valid objec
tion can be raised against this theory,
all the less as modern science has al
ready . recognized that . there ¦ !s a' cer
tain kind of subtle' ether, "elections,*!
underlying the Roentgen rays— a modi.
flcatlon of electricity— as substratum,
and even electricity Itself has been.de
clared to be atomic, vis.: "matter"
(Tesla, Lodge. L. "Wright, eta).
Besides this,* Professor Haeckel tells
us: "The whole of the wonderful world
of forms surrounding and animating
our globe consists ultimately of con
densed sunlight" (Weltraetsel, page
217). But a planet of granite and iron
cannot be formed solely of condensed
"forms of motion"; it must be "mat
ter," however fine originally, con
densed, as steam forms water and wa
ter ice.
Modern science inclines more and
more to the opinion that the molecule
and matter can neither be created nor
destroyed these established facts about
radium are "in obvious contradiction
of the law of the conservation of ener
gy" (Lord Kelvin) and it Is this ques
tion about the origin of the "force and
matter" continually streaming from
radium without apparent loss of
weight which is puzzling the scientists.
To attempt <in explanation and to try
to solve the riddle is the object of this
article. :.& .. ¦¦¦ . . 4e . : .
It goes without . saying, as we have
remarked before, that no force can
manifest Itself without its necessary
6ubstratum of matter, however fine.
Contact Is the "sine qua non" of effect
and contact can only take place be
tween "matter" and "matter." A solid
body, for instance a billiard ball, Is set
in motion by another solid body, a sec
ond ball, pressing against the first ball
by "mechanical force" with "solid"
matter as substratum. A wheel is
turned by water In motion by "water
force" with "fluid" matter as sub
stratum. In stagnant water the wheel
does not turn, for no manifestation of
force Is possible without motion. A
steam engine is driven by "steam
force" with "gaseous" matter as sub
stratum. Without motion, without the
continuous supply of new steam, no
manifestation of steamforce is con
ceivable. So far everything Is clear
and fully agrees with our modern
ideas because there Is no difficulty for
us to experiment with matter In these
three states to Investigate the effects
physically and ' to establish; scientifi
cally the causes producing these ef
fects. ;1?
But when It comes to radium, to
Roentgen rays and radiant matter gen
erally, we have to confess our In
ability to give a satisfactory explana
tion of a number of phenomena and
manifestations of such forces, of
which so-called "electrons" or matter
in the "fourth state" (Faraday,
Crookes) forms the I material sub
stratum. For neither our physical
senses nor our Instruments nor meth
ods are adequate for the investigation
of the "Invisible" and the "imponder
able." It Is true we have invented a
name for this subtle substance In the
fourth state of matter "ether"; but
of its nature we have not the faintest
idea. Professor Haeckel in hi* "un
solved" World riddles (Weltraetsel)
describes this ether as "formless
Jelly"; but this Is, in the opinion of a
number of competent authorities, not
only an arbltary assumption bu It
does not in the least suffice to give an
explanation of even the simplest phe
nomena.
As there are innumerable kinds of
solid bodies, bo tiuxe ar* numberless
varieties o* flui«l and gaseous sub-
give the poor girl a chance.** A lafiy
of my acquaintance says that sitting
out a Wagnerlan opera seems to her
like listening to a singer accompanied
by four orchestras playing different
tunes at the same time. As I have
caid, there are times when Wagner
carries me along with him, when I
exult in the crash and whirl of his
contending harmonies. But, alas, there
are those other moods — those after-din
ner moods — when my desire Is for
something distinctly resembling a tuns.
Still, there are' other composers of
grand opera besides Wagner. I grant,
with the late Heir Wagner, that so
far as mus^c is concerned, opera can
supply us with all we can need.
But It was also Wagner's argument
that grand opera could supply us with
acting, and there I am compelled to
disagree with him. Wagner thought
that the arts of acting and singing
could be combined. I have seen artists
.-the great man had trained himself. As
singers they left nothing io be desired,
but the acting in grand opera has
never yet Impressed me. Wagner
never succeeded in avoiding the oper
atic convention, and nobody else ever
will. When the operatic lover meets his
sweetheart he puts her In a corner and,
• Ce?> tight. l&W, by Oniral News and Pr«M
— » :iE argument of the late Heir
i ' Wagr.tr wa* that grand opera —
ithe music drama, as he called it —
included, and therefore did away
with the necessity for, all other arts.
Music in all its branches. o£ course, it
provides; so "much r will^ concede to
the late Ucrr.Wasner. There are times,
1 confess, when my musical yearnings
mi?ht enock-the late Herr Wagner
times when I feel unequal to following
three distinct themes at' one and the
eame Instant. "Listen." whispers the
Wagnerian enthusiast to me, "the cor
net has jiow the Brurnhilda motive."
It seems to me in my then state of de
pravity as if the cornet had even more
than this the matter with him. "The
second violins," continues the Wagner
ian enthusiast, "are carrying on the
"Wotan theme." That they are "carry-
Ing on" goes without saying; the play
ers* faces are streaming with perspira
tion. "The brass." explains my friend
— his object is to cultivate my ear — "Is
accompanying the singers." I should
have said, drowning them- There are
occ&eions when I can rave about Wag
ner with the beft of them. High-class
xaoods come to all of us. The difference
between the really class man and us
commonplace workaday men is the dif
ference between, say. the eagle and the
barnyard chicken. I am the barnyard
chicken. I have my wings. There are
ecstatic moments when I feel I want to
spurn the 6ordid earth and soar Into the
realms of art. I do fly a little, but my
body Is heavy, and I only get as far as
the fence. After a while I find It
lonesome Elttlng on the fence, and I hop
down again among my fellows. Listen
ing to Wagner, during such temporary
Philistinlc mood my sense of fair play
Is outraged. A lone, lorn woman stands
upon the stage trying to make herself
heard. She has to do this sort of thing
for her living; maybe an invalid mother
younger brothers and sisters — are de
pendent upon her. One 1 -ndred and
forty men, ail armed -with powerful In
struments, 'well organized, and most of
them locking well fed, combine \o make
it impossible for a 6lngle tote of that
poor woman's voice to be heard above
their din. I see her standing there,
opening and shutting her mouth, get
ting redder and redder In the face. She
Is sirring, one feels sure of It;
one could hear her If only those
one hundred and forty men
would ease up for a minute.
She makes one mighty, supreme effort;
above the banging of the drums, the
blare of the trumpets, the shrieking cf
the strings, that last despairing note
is distinctly heard. She has won, but
the victory has cost her dear. Bhe
sinks down fainting on the stage and is
carried off by supers. Chivalrous Indig
estion has made It difficult for me to
keep my seat watching the unequal
contest. My instinct was to leap the
barrier, hurl the bald-headed chief of
her enemies from his high, chair, and
lay about me with the trombone or the
clarionet— whichever might have come
the easier to my grasp. "You cowardly
lot of bullies," I have wanted to cry,
"are you not ashamed of yourselves?
A hundred and forty of you against
cne and that one a still beautiful and
comparatively epeaklng youngish lady.
Be quiet for a moment, can't you, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
WHAT IS RADIO ACTIVITY?
WAGNERISTIC STAGE MANNERS
15Frazier, Sacramento; David KoeB*ei. 9*
Cumberland street, - San j .Francisco;
Emma Kroncke, Santa Ro|a; "Frank
Losche, Sulsun; Miriam Br,Caddus, Ag
new: .Loretta Gallagher. Petaluma;
Ramona Hanby. 872 Willow avenue.
Oakland: Ruthella Bollard. Vallejo;
Mary O'Bcyle. Kern: Leslie • erdelL
Alameda; George Parisen.- S3 Camber
land street. San Francisco; Enid Burns,
344 Devisadero street. San Francisco;
Ida Nulnen.,479 Ellis street. San Fran
c!rco; Alfred Kunoles, Z2Z9 toward
street, San Francisco; Ella Wlnfleld.
1623 Noe street, San Francisco; Walter
Mires, 3115 Flllmore street. San Fran
cisco: Ollie Mires. 3118 Flllmore street,
San Francisco; Rose Seymere. S»nt» '
Rosa; Lillian Seymore, Santa Rosa. ;
. - -..¦,"¦ ¦¦'¦'¦ •"V- :- ,y ¦¦¦¦;- ¦;¦>; . •--'.— ,rv' ; ; ¦•':•••
ry~ II, children, at last.. These are the easiest puzzles of?«Il. Yon nil know about the .. good things you
f | have had to eat, since you were able to know wnat.'jjood" things taste' like." . Consequently you "ought
I j to know nil about fish and vegetables; and consequently,' too, you should find no difficulty whatever hi
X solving' theso eight puzzles to-day. / ..., ;i >'. ' % / \' *¦; V« ....... ...:_.. „».„._,.. . , j
Hands up, everybody. How many Iiave ever eaten trout or herring; or r .bn^9 or smelt or rockcod or sal
mon or sole or flounder or German carp or sardines,' and how' many ,know, when tlicjy see It, a. picture of
a porpoise, a shark, a swordflsli, a whole,' a catfish or any of the other fish that commonly Inhabit' the sea,
about which you have heard time nnd azuin? r" V r
And hands np again. How ninny of you hare tasted salad or celery or potatoes or artichokes or peas
or com or beets or turnips or asparagus or cucumbers or tomatoes or beans or lettuce or any of the other
things that may be enjoyed with a good dinner? « :
Well, some of them are in theso pictures. Of course the Puzzle Editor is not going to tell, but there
Is rich reward if you are right. •
But, children, pay strict attention now. Here Is something the Puzzle Editor wants to speak of par-.
ticularly. You must not only Rive your name and the town and State \t herein you live, but the street or
postoflice number... This is Important because many books have been returned because of" incorrect ad
dresses. And don't forget the gallery of honor. * *.-'•¦
. And remember this: You will all have a chance not only to win one of those 150 prize*, bnt c*t
yonr picture published pV well. The Puzzle Editor wants all the prize winners to' send in their pictures
—the whole 150 every week if possible. Begin right now. Don't wait. The more the merrier. Then
can't be too manj. But remember, only the prize winners can have their pictures published.
PLJ^ASIS DON'T SEND IN ANY TINTYPE PICTURES Oil PROOFS THAT AKE VXTXTSKL which
means that they will fade as soon as they are exposed to the son, and don't forget to write your name and
address on the back of each and every photograph. . And by all means be sure that you arc a prize win*
ner before you send in any- picture at all. •'•' ' «
T1IEKK AIIK OXE UUNDUED AIVD l'UTl' PRIZES, and this Is what you must do to whs on* of
them: ' * :-" ; j' ~' :
Find the names of four Different Kinds of Fish as shown La pictures 1, 2, 3 and 4, and Pour Different
Kinds of Vegetables as shown in pictures 5, 0, 7 and 8 op this page' and writo them put in' the space opposite
the proper corresponding numbers, provided for the purpose in the coupon on this page, as per directions; fill
in the coupon with your name and address and the prize you desire— 7lf you win— and send the coupon to the
EDITOR OF THE, NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday: Call, San Francisco, Cal. "
REJIEJIBER-To the FIRST ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY HOYS AND GIRLS who solve the eight
name Puzzles correctly, one_of these ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BEAUTIFUL PHIZES will be awarded.
And don't forget this next point, because it is very Important: -ALL AXSWlilis MUSTI • KEACII
THIS OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOON. This gives all those in the country an • equal- chance* to compete.
Read everytiilng on this page, to be sure that you overlook nothing that will' help you to win a nrl»
THE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED LV THE SUM)\V CaLi mrv*
WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, June 20. • . ,' •¦:..-. ""^ , rw °
. These are tao TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may choose if ybo solve aU the m»
sles correctly: . . . -V;' pu *
Abbe Constantly by, Hatevy: A. ChHstmas*; Carol, by. Dickens; : Ethics of the Dust, by Ruskhv Heroes "
and Hero Worship, by Carl yle: Kidnaped, by Stevenson: Knickerbocker's History of.Xcw York by IrvhJ^
Ludle, by Meredith: Mine Own People, by KlpllnBiT^'-TUgrt^B^roKrefm.'^Bmy^^^rS^iS.
by Lubbock;^b and His Friends.,by >Brown: Rip-Van Wlnkle>^^by IrvLgt.SamaSr"; SnS by HoU
ley; Tanglewood Ta es, by Hawthorne; Tom Brown's School Days, b 7 Hughes; Treasure Island, by Steven
son; Twice Told Tales, by Hawthorne; Uncle Tom's Cabin, by Stowe; A Wonder Book, by Hawthorne; Plu
tarchs Lives. .s .. . i -j . x />?"*'!*•.'? . • ¦-. : - ¦ •¦ : "•¦ • • - ¦'' ¦ ' •.
ONCE again, children, you have
proved yourselves quite lacking
In cleverness, and over puzzles.
too, which you should have
been able to solve with the greatest
ease. It is really incomprehensible
that so many of you show eo little
knowledge about poets, and more par
ticularly about things seen in a bar
ber shop. Out of the thousand- of an
pwers cent in there -were only one hun
dred and four Bolved them correctly.
Tvhile, as a matter of fact. If not of
pride, there should have been one hun
dred and fifty — one child for each of
those beautiful books which the Sun
day Call gives away •very Sunday, or
would give away If there were that
many prize winners. This will never
do. The puzzles to-day ere much
•esier, eo that the Puzzle Editor ex
pects to publish a full list of winners
hereafter. '
These are the names of the honored
one hundred and four: *
Mildred Curtis. 91S Ellis street. San
Francisco; M. Koegel, 88 Cumberland
•street, San Francisco; Lotta Koeppe,
2523 Octavia street, San Francisco;
Elizabeth Finnle, 363 Oak street, San
Francisco; Leo Dillon. SS Cumberland
street. San Francisco; Ruth Wiles, Tu
lare; Joel Conklin, Towle; Leslie Koe
gel. SS Cumberland street, San Fran
cisco; James Levinson, KS Cumberland
street. San Francisco; Chester Levin-
Kon, 88 Cumberland street, San Fran
cisco; Frank Kltson, 77 Cumberland
street, San Francisco; Jeannette
Chase. Lodl; Josle Galligan,
217% Eighth street, San Francisco;
Charlie Galilean. 217# Eighth street,
San Francisco; J. Lafiin. 6268 "West
minster place, St. Louis; Hal Curtis,
•IS Ellis street, San Francisco; Dick
Powell, Berkeley; Dorothy Richard
son, 98f Sixty-third street. Oakland;
Park Ingram, Iron Mountain; Mabel
Dolan, 945 Grace avenue, Oakland; Ger
trude Hood. Fruitvale: Rose Howe.
8an Diego; Hulda. Koeppe, 2623 Oc
tavia street. Ban Francisco; John Mur
ray, San Qnentln; Bartlett Russell,
Haywards; Frank Efimondson, Ber
keley: Louis Frlant. 729 Clayton street,
San Francisco; Marlon Dittes. 1505
Flllmore street, 8an Francisco; Arthur
Koegel. ?6 Cumberland street. ' San
Francisco: Rudolph Trautner, 2540 Mc-
Allister street, San Francisco; Clarisse
Bateau. 2855 West, street. Oakland;
Gladys Schulte, S15A Dolores street.
Can Francisco; E. Rademacher, 1355
McAllister street, San Francisco; V.
R. Rademacher, 1SE.6 McAllister street.
Ban Francisco; Ward Dursrln, Ber
keley;' Nonna Soher, 1851 McAllister
•treet, San Francisco; Gladys Johnson,
Ranta Cruz; Ralph Bradley, Santa
Cruz; Lee Munro. Alameda; Virginia
Dittes, 15C3 Flllmore street, San Fran
cisco; Horace Walling. 121S Jones
street. San Francisco; Russell ' Pettln
cill. Eureka: James Dunn, Bakersfleld;
Mazie Dunn, Bakersfleld; * Jlmmle
Clark, 2318 Bryant street, San Fran
cisco;'Jack- Loguorl, Agnew; -Edwin
Busse. 118>4 Fair Oaks street, San Fran
risct; ¦ Edith Frazier, Sacramento;
Leonard Coombs. Agnew; George
WiKr, 11 Metropolitan avenue, San
Francisco; May Trade, 1792 Fifteenth
street. San Francisco; Beatrice Miner,
217 ' Stevenson street, San Francisco;
Constance McFarlacd, Benicia; Re
uina'-Ryerson.*2123 Union street, San
Francisco: Alice Klupfer. Elmhurst;
Caroline' Green. North Vallejo; Jennie
Ryerson, '2133 Union street," San Fran
cisco: -Pearl' New by. Dlxon; Violette
Johes.> Merced; Ed- Harter, San Jose;
Anita Steffens.' 1S0S Larkin street. San
Francisco; Myra Smith,- San Jose;
Mathew Cooper. San Jose; Bertha,
Steffens, 18C8 Larkin street, San Fran^
clsco:- Violet* White. 1264 Twelfth ave
nue. East- Oakland; Walter Pratt,
Crockett; Robb. ¦ Brown, S75' Church
street.' San Francisco: Clay Locke, Sac
ramento; Lloyd Locke. Sacramento:
Ethel Adams. 1531 Twelfth street, San
Francisco: Mrs. Hiram Prather, Sui
sun; F. T. Cotmrn, Alameda; Tresa
Hannon. S24 Harrison street. San Fran
cisco; Harry Levlnson, SS Cumberland
street. San Francisco; Charlie Levln
son. SS Cumberland street, San Fran
cisco; Walter Pratt, 2326 Mission street,
San Francisco: .Flo Robinson, Gridley;
Olga Schulze, Dixon; Mayo Shattuck.
£6 Eleventh street. Oakland; Pearl
Hollo, 1545 Joneg street, San Francisco;
Florence Gobar, San Juan: Vivian
MacDonald. Paidnes; Susie Hooper,
124 Filbert street. Oakland; John May
berry, Astioch; Amy Butterworth. 2752
OcUrla. street, Ean I Francisco; Selnaa.
Only One
Hundred
and Four
Prizewinners
This Week
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALE.
NAME PUZZLES
16
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S.F.
f
To Prate tmurr. Sndsy €Mk
Baa Frtidicai
Below ta Cbcfr proper mxm*
ben pleas* tad my aoratfoa •!
Foot Different Kinds of Ibh
and Foot Different Vegetable*
reproduced In tills week's xmmm
puniest
1 •
S r
S
41
¦ »-» »-» *-•» »-• m ¦ ¦¦¦ rw~nr^m*^wwmamm
9 I.MM»IMH»»ttHI»lliri,l
9nm ta. llfjA, .
Street or ». O.»»>*««»« »•»«•-«•
City ••••••••••.¦••« ••».»»»«»«i
stato J ..;.v. ..-.• . . ., .•
, If I win I choose for prtx*
(See List of Prizes.)NAPLES. Italy, June 11.— Gabriel
d'Annunzio has discovered a poetess in
the person of Mrs. Julia di Sesto. who
belongs to the high society of Naples.
D'AcnunzSo is full of enthusiasm, and
has baptized the young poetess "the
New Sappho-/' because she excels In
lyric verse.
Calls Poetess "New Sappho.*'
A wonderful sight is presented by a
basin of chloride of gold crystals worth
£1395, .which , glitters in brilliant radi
ance under the electric light. It is used
for toning photographs.
LONDON. June 11. — Thirty thou
sand pounds' worth of sponges from
Ihe Aegean Sea is on view at the an
nual chemists' exhibition at the Na
tional Skating Palace, Argyll street."
The other exhibits also indicate that
the business of a chemist at the pres
ent time is mainly to vend 1 toilet arti
cles and photographic chemicals. The
pharmaceutical side of a chemist's
shop Is -now considered of quite sec
ondary Importance.
Sponges Worth $150,000.
The otherday they forced King Peter
to explain that,- although some .of their
number had been removed from court,'
they. were, nevertheless, "men or honor
¦ VIENNA, June 11.— We have been ex
pecting something to happen in Servia
for sorrie : little time past. The quej^-'
tion that people are now asking is:
Will the expulsion .from Belgrade of. thje,
London' Daily Mail correspondent pre
cipitate a general crisis?
The order of expulsion was issued by
the group.'of officers who took leading
parts Mn. the plot to kill King Alexan
der and Queen Draga and ' .who now
make a ipuppet of j King Peter. They
are getting "rather sensitive of criti
cism.
Mnttcrings of the People Indicate
•;. Thnt King Peter's 'Scat Is
,; • .Not Safe. . ,
SER VIA ; IS ON BRINK
. OF ANOTHER REVOLT
Along one side was a solitary pink,
downy," blushing, sun-kissel peach,
growing on a slender twig, as if it
had been taken fresh from the tree.
Of golden tan-colored straw, with a
large crown and a generous sweeping
curve of brim. It was trimmed with
a pale green ribbon, which was wrap
ped around it and fell gracefully be
hind.
PARIS. June 1L— A veritable "peach
of a hat" was Been in the drive of the
Bois de Boulogne this week. A milliner
of note had designed it and a young
w oman of fame for her beauty wose it.
This is the hat.
Latest Millinery Creation Is Beauti
fully Designed and Is Adorned
With Fruit.
ONE PARISIAN HAT THAT
CERTAINLY IS A PEACH
4 _ *
pave the way for wider recognition in
higher spheres of civic usefulness. The
fight for suffrage has been altogether
futile. Two years ago, however, when
the great tariff contest was on, women
took the stump in various parts of Ger
many In support of the Social-Demo
cratic and Liberal parties and their
battle against agrarian "hunger
tariffs." The Social Democrats are the |
women's best, political friends, being
the only great party in Germany which
has pledged itself to help them secure
the ballot. .
EMPEROR WILLIAM HOSTILE.
Owing to the opposition of Emperor
William, which is fully shared by the
Empress Augusta Victoria, no so-call
ed society women have Identified them
selves prominently with the . woman's
movement in Germany. Court leaders
anfd royalties' are conspicuously missing
from all affairs connected with It. It
is possible, however, that the wives of
a few Cabinet Ministers, perhaps even
Countess von" Bulow, the spouse of the
Imperial Chancellor, 1 will dare to brook
imperial scowls by entertaining the
delegates to the Berlin congress at gar-,
den parties or evening receptions. The
most pretentious social. function so far
planned, is a reception " at the Berlin
City" Hall, which will be tendered 'by
the municipality as a welcome to! the
congress. Frau Oberbuergrermelster
LEADERS IN ; BERLIN
CONGRESS AND CITY
HALL. \
Many women writers ffSr the Paris
papers have taken up the subject and
every day they rail at the famous
singer. Some of them have gone so far
as to assert that "a woman is not a
woman until she is 30, and is still young
at 40."
• "You cannot understand how I have
struggled -during the last ten years.
Here I am already an old woman at
40. when others at that age still retain
their youthful appearance. In my case
it is the penalty of an uphill struggle."
The Paris editors were greatly aston
ished at Mme. Calve's words, and said
so with much emphasis. Some of them
hint that- the prima donna should at
least have too mttjch pride to admit that
she has become a "nice old lady" at
her youthful age.
Her • Candor.
PARIS, June 11.— Several of the Paris
papers, especially those that are de
voted to women and womanly things,
have wasted much ink in the last few
days in taking to task Mme. Emma
Calve, the famous prima donna. In a
recent Interview that was widely print
ed Mme. Calve said:
Famous, Singer Says She Is Old at
Forty and Gets No Sympathy for
CALVE BEWAILS THE
APBROACII OP AGE
represented at the congress. Japanese,
Siamese and Indian women are already
booked as delegates, and China and
Korea will be represented by native
women residents in Europe. America
will occupy the chief place among the
foreign delegations, because it has been
the pioneer in woman's progress and
because Susan B. Anthony, the "grand
old lady" of the movement all over the
wdrld, has promised to honor the con
clave with her presence. Mrs. May
Wright Sewall of Indiana, in her ca
pacity of president of the International
Council of Women, will wield th(*gavel
at all general sessions of the congress.
Another special honor will be paid to
the United States, when the congress
devotes- an entire evening to the dis
cussion of the theories of Mrs. Char
lotte Perkins Stetson of New York,
while .Dr. Anna Shaw, the famous
American woman preacher, has been
invited to introduce to Germany the
innovation of a sermon from a woman
—the first of its kind that the Father
land will ever have heard.
Because the woman's movement has
had such an uphil! flght In Germany,
where man is everything and his bet
ter half almost nothing, . few leaders
have been developed who enjoy reputa-.
tions extending beyond the frontiers of
their own country. Yet such names as
Frau Stritt, Frau Dr. Ichenhaeuser,
Frau Hedwlg Heyl. Fraulein Alice
Salomon, Fraulein Helene Lange, Frau
Anna Edinger and Fraulein Olgo von
Beschwitz, who will all be active lead
ers of various departments of the com
ing congress, are well known through
out most European countries as vigor
ous and relentless workers in their
chosen field. That German women
have a difficult struggle to gain the
headway women have made elsewhere
may be comprehended from the fact
that only a few years ago were they
able to secure the repeal of a law bar
ring "women, children and lunatics
from attending meetings where political
subjects are under discussion." Since
the smashing of that medieval barrier,
the cause has prospered, but very slow
ly. Woman has, of course, no status
politically and may not hold public of
fice of any kind. Some. municipalities,
however, have made the experiment of
having women factory inspectors and
poor law administrators, and they may
KJrschner, Berlin's "lady mayoress,"
and' the wives of the city's, aldermen
will* do the honors on ,'this occasion.
Music will be furnished by a women's
orchestra of seventy-five pieces and a
dedicatory ode, written, by Fraulein
IsoMe Kurz, the first German poetess,
wfll be a feature of the programme.
The sessions of the congress, which
will be . held morning, afternoon and
evening. for six days,. will occur in the
spacious halls of the famous Philhar
monic concert building, which has a
total seating capacity of more than 10,- ,
000. The sessions are divided, of course,
into sectional programmes, so that dis
cussions upon various topics will pro
ceed simultaneously in various parts of
the. congress- hall. Four hundred ad
dresses are already scheduled for de
livery. ; English, French and German
will be the official languages of the
conclave,- that language, being used
upon each occasion 'which seems mostf
appropriate.
. The great concluding feature. of the
congress will be a "peace demonstra
tion,", at which the Countess of Aber
deen will speak in English; Frau iBer
tha von Suttner, the great Austrian
peace . advocate, in German, and Ma
dame Bogelpt of Paris in French. There
will also ; be* affinal symposium upon
"Internationalism," led by Mrs. May
Wright SewaH- of Indiana.
At present it would be rash to
prophesy a long reign for King Peter
or a long period of peace for his un
happy country.
With King Peter going melancholy
mad he dreams that he is pursued by the
ghost of King Milan calling for venge
ance on the murderers of Alexander,
his son, and with the country growing
more and more disgusted at the present
regime! the chances of exciting events
.increase every day.
with unsullied reputations." Now they
have succeeded in getting this corre
spondent away because he dared to
comment severely upon' their methods
of government.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 1L— Great
indignation is expressed here at the
malversation of the funds of the Red
Cross Society.
Numbers of impecunious aristocrats,
¦women of the court and officers of the
guards, who are favorites in high cir
cles, have been appointed to sinecures
at extravagant salaries, amounting in
Feme cases to thousana or pounds per
annum.
This Etate of affairs is all the more
deplorable as there are plenty of com
petent organizers willing to do the
¦work for nothing.
The most sensational case, 6ays the
Revolutionaia RuEsia. is that of Gen
eral Schwedoff, a member of the St.
Petersburg committee, who "borrowed"
5500,000 from the funds of the society
in order to gamble on the Stock Ex
change. His speculations being unsuc
cessful, his deficit became manifest.
The Czarina, however, herself paid the
missing sum so as to avoid a public
scandal and save the general, who is a
special favorite at court. General
Shwedcff was even retained as a mem
ber of the committee, but precautions
were taken to prevent further "bor
rowing" operations.
Similar scandals occurred in Moscow,
where a Prince Galitzln und & Count
Lanaky kept money collected from the
Red Cross for themselves. Count Lan-
Eky refuses to hand over either the
money or the subscription list, while
the Prince has paid up $500, but keeps
back the list.
These occurrences have not failed to
arouse the suspicions of the public, and
many wealthy and charitable people
now refuse to give any money to the
society.
High Officials of the Government Are
Accused of Misappropriating
War Funds.
RUSSIA'S RED CROSS
IN MIDST OF SCANDAL
The Kaiser, like German men of all
ranks, holds fast to the German tradi
tion that woman's sphere should • be
limited to the activities of the "haus
frau" and that she has no right to mix
herself in affairs beyond the realm of
the three German K's — kinder, kueche
and kirche (children, kitchen and
church). No imperial welcome there
fore will await the 4000 women from
all parts of the world who will attend
the congress as delegates of "organized
womanhood In all climes. Indeed, it
will be a miracle if the congress ad
journs without adopting resolutions
strongly savormg of censure of the
strenuous monarch for his old-fash
ioned ideas about women's rights.
GERMAN WOMEN ACTIVE. *
The organization of the congress has
been effected by the National Council
of German Women and the tre
mendous work it has involved has
rested largely upon the shoulders of
Frau Marie Strlt of Dresden, president
of the council, and Frau Dr. Eliza
Ichenhaeuser, secretary general of the
congress. The programme of the con
gress covers practically every subject
comprehended by the "woman's move
ment," as will be seen from the fol
lowing dally schedule:
EDUCATION.
June IS — Education of Worsen for Their
Profession aa Mothers; Home Education!
Kindergarten Training.
June 14 — Elementary Education of Girls;
Co-education; Uniform School*
June 15 — Continuation Schools for Girls:
Popular Education for Women.
June 16 — College Education of Girls
June 17 — University Training for Women.
June 18— Participation of Women In .School
Management. Both as Teachers and Exec
utive*.
PROFESSION'S.
June 13 — Women as Servants and as Agri
culturists.
June 14 — Women In the Industries.
June 13 — Women In Trade and Traffic.
June. 16 — Women In Social Work — Factory
and Prison Inspectors, Charity ' Administra
tor*, etc.
June. 17— Women in Scientific Pursuits.
June 18 — Women In the Arts — Letters,
Painting. Sculpture. Music. Drama, etc.
SOCIAL, QUESTIONS.
June 13 — Charity Administration and Hos
pital Service.
June 14— Care of Children and Youth.
June 15 — Moral Reforms.
Juna 16 — Prison Reform and .Temperance.
June 17— Women and Tradgs-Unlonism and
Women ¦ Employment Bureaus.
June 18 — Philanthropic Movements; I>cal
Advice Bureaus for Women; Women"s Clubs-
Social Settlements.
LEGAL AND POLITICAL RIGHTS.
June 13— Position of Women in the Married
State.
June 13 — Property Rights of Married
\v omen.
June 14 — Parental Tutelage: Position of
Mothers of Illegitimate Children; Guardian
ship.
Jun« IS — Women's Right to Organize
June 10 — Women In Municipal Government*
Women In Charity and Orphan Admlnlstra
tlon; Women as School Trustees.
June 17 — Woman Suffrage In Municipal
School and Church Elections.
June 18 — Universal Suffrage for Women
SPLENDID REPRESENTATION.-
About twenty-five countries will be
BERLIN, June 11. — Germany's pro
gressive women, whose fight for
"emancipation" has been one long
story of rebuff and disappointment,
have just completed arrangements for
what they believe ¦will be the greatest
conclave of the fair sex the world has
ever known — the third International
Congress of Women, which will be
held in Berlin from June 12 to 18.
They hope and intend that the con
gress will be so eventful that it will
constitute an eloquent rebuke to Em
peror William II, whom they regard
as the arch-enemy of woman's pro
gress In the German fatherland.
of Kylemore. the domestics will have a
section of the castle all to themselves.
The alterations will not be completed
until the early autumn. A series of en
t< riainments will then take place, and
the American friends of the Duke and
Duchess who will go north for the
shooting season will receive special at
tention. The Dowager Duchess was
much opposed to the modernizing of
the castle, even internally. She did not
like tu see some of the old-fashioned
rooms so dear to her transformed as. if
the castle had been but of yesterday.
but the Duchess means to be mistress
in her own home.
ciples. The old-fashioned nursery is to
be enlarged and luxuriously era
hcllished. The servants' quarters are
m be enlarged also and, as in the case
LONDON'. June 11. — There Is much
disappointment that the Duchess of
Roxburghe is not going to play any
conspicuous part in society during the
ccmirg season. Those who were aware
that she had abandoned the idea of
acquiring a permanent town residence
thought she would at least secure a
house for the season. She will not be
seen much in London during June, as
her time will be fully occupied super
intending the extensive alterations she
is going to carry out at Floors Castle.
In spite of the protestations of the
Dowager Duchess, she is pulling the
place to pieces and means to convert
it into a residence more in keeping with
American ideas. Like the Duchess of
Manchester with reg: - ! to Kylemore
Ccftle, she wants more elbow room.
Two or three rooms are to be knocked
:nto one, electric lights are to be in-
FTalled. and the castle throughout will
be heated on the latest American prin-
There has never been- such a de
mand for fashionable flats and ellglblo
family mansions in London by Amer
icans as there is this season. Own
ers of such placet had expected a
slump in consequence of the St.
Louis Exposition, but Mayfair Is fair
ly Invaded by trans-Atlantic visitors
and persons having furnished houses
to let there can get almost any price
they demand for the season. The
Duchess , of Marlborough and Lady
Craven will vie with each other In
establishing a record in the fashion
able quarters for brilliant entertain
ing. Their presence there appears to
be an attraction for rich Americans.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Field Clapp of
St. Louis have taken a house on Cur
zon s'treet for the season. They will
be Joined there later on by Mr. Clapp'a
sister, Mrs. Cromwell Webb of Wash
ington, whose daughters .will for the
first time made the acquaintance of
English society.
There appears to be a great run of
country mansions also thl3 season-
Mr, and Mrs. Joseph Priestley Button
of Philadelphia have taken Claybrooke
Hall, near Rugby. It has been suf
fering from neglect for a number of
years and it will cost at least $50,000
to put it into decent, habitable repair.
It is an old-fashioned country place,
but there is plenty of hunting and fish
ing in the immediate neighborhood.
Mr. and Mrs.' Button will have tor
near neighbors Mr. and Mrs.
Loney of New York, who have recent
ly acquired Wilioughby Hall. The
Loneys lead a rather retired life, and,
although they have every facility for
entertaining, they have not shown any
disposition to do so. Mr. Loney made
his money in Wall street, but since he
has settled in England he has given
his neighbors the idea that he does not
care for the excitement of city life.
There is a farm attached to Wlllough
by Hall, where he. cultivates the vege
tables necessary for '¦ the household.
FLAT-HUNTING THE RAGE.
The first thins the girl did after re
ceiving her first $5000 was to buy a
motor car; the second to fall in love
with her chauffeur, and the third, to
announce her determination to marry
him. At such a wild idea her pa
rents were thunderstruck and from
storming and arguing have taken to
pleading with her. They begged her
to wait one month to see if she would
still be of the same mind then. To
this she consented, but immediately
this time had elapsed she declared
that she was still determined to con
tract a marriage with her chauffeur.
Almost in despair, her parents hav»
Implored her to wait three months be
fore taking any further steps and to
this she has unwillingly agreed. Two
months of this time has already gone
by and with each day the distress of
the parents increases.
The girl's father has asked the
chauffeur to accept $50,000 cash down
instead of marrying his daughter, who
always has been to him as the apple
of his eye, but the chauffeur refuses
point blank. In making this decision
he may be influenced by the knowl
edge that if the father does not help
them during his lifetime the girl will
have $5000 a year and must come Into
at least $75,000 later on when her
father dies.
London society is curious to see what
will be the dramatic denouement of a
strange infatuation on the part of one
of the richest and most popular girls In
London society. Her father and
mother have a big, beautiful house in
Grosvenor place and entertain there on
a scale of great magnificence. On the*
coming of age of* this glH a few* months
since there were great rejoicings. On
this auspicious occasion the fond father
settled on her an allowance of $5000 a
year.
LONDON, June 11.— It la said* that
young Lord Brooke's coming visit to
the United States Is due to a desire to
see a pretty American girl ¦whom the
heir to the Warwick earldom and cas
tle met and fell In love -with In Paris
last year. On his return to London he
met her again, and in spite of the pro
testations of his mother he paid her
marked attention^ He nas a constant
visitor at the hotel where she stayed
with her mother and brother, and alto
gether entertained the young lady and
her family most generously, with boxes
at the best theaters and suppers at the
most fashionable restaurants. His
name, in fact, became coupled with
that of the young lady, who i3 ths
daughter of a wealthy Wall-street
man, to such an extent that the Coun
tess of "Warwick had to interfere a sec
ond time, but In spite of all maternal
remonstrances the young lord persisted
In keeping up the acquaintance. So he
is off to New York, where the heiress
has already gone, and the nobleman's
friends will not be surprised to v --r
the announcement of his engagement.
SOCIETY IS ASTONISHED.
American Girl Says
She Wants Plenty
of Room.
Love Attracts Young
Lord Brooke to
America.
Duchess of Roxburghe
Will Revamp Her
New Home.
London Is Amazed at
Infatuation of a
Rich Girl.
WILL FIX
CASTLE TO
HER LIKING
CHAUFFEUR
WINS AN
HEIRESS
Representatives of the Fair Sex Assemble at Berlin
in the Greatest Convention of the _
Kind Ever Held.
WOMEN OF THE WORLD INVADE DOMAIN OF THE KAISER
WHERE FEMININE PROGRESS WAS NEVER COUNTENANCED
SAN, FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1904.
Pages 17 to 20
Pages 17 to 20Ancient Order Workmen.
Valley Lodge will give an entertain
ment on June 29 to its members and
Impatient -over In Trouble.
GENEVA, June 1.— Oscar Schuta of
Innsbruck was sentenced to six
months' imprisonment for b«atlns a
postman who was five minutes late in
delivering a letter from his fiance*.
At the meeting of Redwood Circle,
Women . of Woodcraft, - on the' last
Tuesday in May the following ' were
elected officers. for the ensuing term:
Anita Tickner, guardian' neighbor;
Lena Barclay, advisor; Rose Barclay,
magician; Alice Norwood, attendant;
Rose Gllmore, banker; Effie L. Sevay,
clerk (continued, in office): Pearl de
Ganna, captain of the -guard; Lucy
Morrill and' Ida Cochran, sentinels;
Woodcraft.
• - .
Lady Lovat Lodge, auxiliary to Clan
Fraser, Order Of Scottish Clans, had
a pleasant time at its last held meet-
Ing, on which occasion Clan McDon
ald of Oakland attended. The com
mittee in charge did much to make
the evening a memorable one. After
a , pleasing programme of entertain
ment there was dancing for an hour.
The following named were instrumen
tal in making the affair a success:
Mesdames F. A. Gilson. M. McPher
son, M. L. Crowe, W. Rea, J. W. King,
A. Brown, Misses G. McPherson, A.
King. L. Skinner, M. Bernard; E. Me-
Clure, H. Marshall. Jeffries and Fer
guson, and Messrs. R. M. Murray, j.
Order Scottish Clans.
The following have been elected
chiefs of the/Altahmos Tribe of the
Improved Order of Red Men for the
next six months: W. B. Welch, sa
chem; J. H. Fitzgerald, senior sag
amore; A. C. Nathan, junior sag
amore; H. L. Lacoste, prophet; J.
Harry Hutaff, chief of records; Frank
Hardy, collector of wampum; J. Han
sen,' keeper of wampum; W. T. Lyon,
George W. Baltic and H. W. McMahon,
trustees; Joseph Daly, musician, i
, Bald Eagle Tribe has elected the
following as chiefs for the next term:
Louis F., Guedet, sachem; Henry C
Wehr, prophet; John White, senior
sagamore; M. Newman, junior sag
amore; M^J. Maguire, chief of rec
ords; Leon H. Enemark, collector of
wampum; S. J. Olsen, keeper of wam
pum; Dr. George Adams, medicine
man; Robert Moody and ¦ Fred W.
Kewell, trustees. This tribe will have
L £l«^_^^£Uu^ts|a.^arjkt_aeaT^ san
Improved Red Men. <
BELGRADE, Servia. June It—
Crown Prince George, heir-aparent to
the throne of Scrvia. a lad of 17. fell In
love recently with one of the most tal
ented actresses of Belgrade. To testify
to his affection he caused his coach
man to drive him back and forth In
frort of his adored one's residence,
while he cast loving: glances and
heaved deep drawn sighs at the stage
favorite. She paid no attention to
these demonstrations, but the common
people became deeply interested and
followed the carriage in troops, giving
visible— and audible— signs of approba
tion, or at least, amusement. Finally
King Peter heard of it and summoned
his young "hopeful" to a private au
dience, which ended in the indignant
parent taking his son across his knee
and administering a good, old-fash
ioned spanking.
King Peter Objects to Infatuation
of Ills Son for a Pretty
Actress.
CROWN PRINCE SPAXKED
BY IUS ROYAL FATHER
Assistant Grand Master Artisan Mrs.
Jennie McE. Galbreath has been work
ing quietly. for several weeks laying the
foundation for the Institution of three
assemblies of the order.
-Flattering reports have been received
from the assemblies in the interior;
also from those In the State of, Oregon.
Assembly No. 202 of the United Arti
sans, at its last meeting in the "Red
Mens' building, initiated two strangers
and received five applications, after
which there was a pleasant entertain
ment for the members.
Silver Leaf Assembly No. 280, at Its
last meeting, admitted two strangers
by initiation. During the evening
there was a continuation of the series
of progressive whist, which was fol
lowed by addresses for the good of the
order and by dancing.
United Artisans:
Supreme Councilor Tugwell instituted
a new council at Modesto on May 31,
with thirty charter members.
Supreme Secretary Terry instituted
a new council at Woodland, with twen
ty-five members. -It was organized by
G. L."Matney. On the night of insti
tution twenty applications for mem
bership were read.
Home Council, at its meeting on June
6, had several candidates to initiate.
At the close of business there was a
pleasant social hour.
Berkeley Council had a pleasant bas
ket social June 8. There were many
present and after lunch all. enjoyed
dancing.
The new council at Haywards will
have a social on the evening of June 17.
Supreme "Councilor Tugwell left last
week for the southern part of the State
to visit councils in that territory. He
will return to this city about June 20.
A council of the Order of Pendo
was instituted in Hay wards late in
May by Organizer J. S. Hall, assisted
by Supreme Councilor Tugwell and
Supreme Secretary Terry." There were
forty petitioners for a charter, most
of whom were present on the night of
institution. After the new c'ouncil
had been legally launched on the fra
ternal sea, the supreme councilor de
livered a very, interesting address on
the subject of fraternal insurance. At
its last meeting this council elected
officers for the ensuing term and then
had an open meeting and entertain
ment for the members ¦ and invited
guests.
Order *bf Pendo.
Learning immediately he entered
that Lord Lansdowne was not in the
Foreign Office, the Russian Embassa
dor turned to go back to his carriage,
and had only reopened the door, when
he was confronted by the Japanese
Minister, who had just stepped from
the hansom.
If tension there was it did not last
long, and was not perceptible.
The Viscount raised his hat. The
Count, with his hand still on the door,
raised his and the Viscount entered.
The Count held the door open for the
Viscount to enter. Neither spoke.
Count BenckendorfT. th* Russian
Embassador. had just driven up to the
Foreign Office quadrangle entrance and
entered, when Viscount Havashl, the
Japanese Minister, followed him un
knowingly to the same entrance in a
cab.
LONDON. June 11.— There were In
terested spectators of an incident
which occurred recently on the steps
of, the Foreign Office. It was a con
flict In politeness between two notable
men who are at present much in the
public eye.
Diplomats of Japan and Russia
Sleet Accidentally In English
Foreign Office.
RIVAIi EMBASvSADORS
CONTEST IS COURTESY
San Francisco Lodge of the Fra
ternal Brotherhood has arranged to
give a social in its hall in the- Native
Sons' building on the evening of Fri-
Columbia Lodge at its meeting on
the first Monday in June initiated a
large number of strangers and elected
officers for the ensuing term.
Mission Lodge at its meeting on the
second Thursday in June had a
large class to initiate. The officers of
the lodge were assisted in the initia
tory ceremony by the very proficient
team of Progress Lodge. The event
was a "red letter" night in the his
tory of the lodge.
H. C. Lewis, for a long time the
very efficient organizer for this order,
having severed his connection with the
Fraternal Brotherhood, C. W. Stone
has been appointed his successor and
the local office' of the order has been
removed from the fifth to. the fourth^
floor of the Parrott building.
£ Progress Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood has elected as officers for
the ensuing term:' H. Barclay,
president; Mrs. G. \A. Hubbell, vice
president; Eva M. Phillips, secretary;
Charles Thayer, treasurer; E. Sutter,
sergeant; Miss M. Kavanagh, mistress
at arms;VMaude Sharon and H. C.
Green, doorkeepers. This lodge . gave
its annual social on June 8 in the As
sembly Hall of the Red Men's building.
There were many in the hall to enjoy
the entertainment provided by the so
cial committee.
•Fraternal Brotherhood.
Cora Moore Louise Hatflold, man.
agers. At the close of the business
a farewell reception was tendered to
Mrs. Ellen F. Walcott, who will soon
leave for Nome to make her future
home there.
Peter F. Gilroy, past consul com
mander of Golden Gate Camp and
more recently of Mission Camp, who
has been appointed general organizer
of the Woodmen of the World for the
State of California to succeed the late
W. L. Temple, is recognized as one
of the most energetic workers for
Woodcraft in the jurisdiction, and his
friends believe he will soon become as
great a favorite in the order as was
the well-known organizer who pre
ceded him. - He ioined Golden Gate
Camp in 1893 and his ability as an
orator was quickly recognized; there
fore he was created an officer and
after having served that subordinate
well he withdrew for the purpose tof
assisting in the formation of Mission
Camp.
Rafael, July 24. A number of hand
some and valuable articles have been
secured for games and gate prizes.
Manltou Tribe at its meeting on the
first Monday in June had work in the
adoption degree, conferring that de
gree on two palefaces. In this the
team recently organized was assisted
by members of Monadnock Tribe and
the work was done In a creditable
manner. It was favorably commented
upon by Great Chief of Records Por
ter L. Bliss, E. C. Stock of Altahomas
Tribe and Messrs. Tubbs and Madden
of Monadnock Tribe. During the short
and long talks the tribe was given
some valuable advice for its good. •
At the annual banquet of Court Lin
coln of the Ancient Order of Foresters
there were eighty-seven members
present, who enjoyed a good supper
in a downtown restaurant and then a
number of speeches. During the even
ing Herman Schultz entertained by
singing: several of the popular songs
of the day. This court has elected the
following officers: L. W. Helm, chief
ranger: F. W. Friends, sub-chief; F.
T. Butl/r, financial secretary; Charles
James, recording secretary; P. F. Ab
bott and William Rowlands, wood
wards; J. H. Duncan and W. W. Sim
mons, beadles; Herman Schultz, or
ganist; Saul Jacobs, deputy.
Sherwood Circle, Companions of the
Forest, has elected the following of
ficers: Annie Jonas, C. C; Inis Stew
art, S. C. C; Effle Ferguson, T.; .Vir
ginia Rentchler, F. S.; Carrie Dem
bacher, R. S.; Annie Elkers. R. G.;
Ella Hussey, L. G.; May Miller, I. G.;
Kate Bridge wood, O. G.; Ninie Fan
ning, O.; Dr. Alexander Keenan, phy
sician; May O'Brien, circle deputy. This
circle had a- social on the first Satur
day in June, which was well attended.
On the evening of the 15th the circle
will have an open meeting and a pro
gramme of entertainment."* vVi
Ancient Order Foresters.
SOME OF THE LEADERS IN LOCAL FRATERNITIES.
Golden West Lodge, L O. O. F., cele
brated its nineteenth anniversary on
the first Saturday in June by a banquet
in <me of the fashionable rotisseries.
There were 100 at the table. E. D.
Knight. P. G., was the toastmaster.
Past Grand W. A,. S. Nicholson re
sponded in a most interesting manner
to the toast of "True Odd Fellowship,"
paying a epecial compliment to A. J.
Donald, a member of the lodge, who
has brought more candidates into it
than any one else. In closing, on be
half of the lodge, he presented Mr.
Donald a valuable diamond set charm
in appreciation of his good work. A
tiumher of ethers addressed the as
semblage. The affair was conducted
<u»dt* the direction -of E^W. Blgelpw t
The Veterans' Association paid a
fraternal visit to Columbia Lodge,
Alameda, June 8.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge has elected the
following officers for the ensuing term:
Tillle Craig, noble grand; Myrtle Car
hery. vice grand; Henrietta Taylor,
recording secretary; F. A. Taylor,
treasurer. These officers and the ap
pointed ones will be installed on July
11. This lodge will initiate candidates
on the evenings of June 20 and 27. On
the evening of the 13th the lodge will
give a "door prize party," which will be
t»*e last entertainment by the present
oflieers. It will be under the direction
<<f the energetic and popular Vice
Grand Tillie Craig, assisted by ihe so
• lal committee."
L. L. Alexander, aged 77 years, the
senior past grand master of the Grand
Lodge California, died at Fairplay,
El Dorado County, May 27. He was
a member of Yerba Buena Lodge of
this city.
The first annual banquet of the board
of directors of the Odd Fellows' Hall
Association, on the plan of each one
paying for his plate at the table, was
attended by thirty-four out of the
thirty-six members, and it was a very
pleasant affair. W. H. Blunden was
the toastmaster, and after the repast
there were responses to toasts by Past
Grand Master Davis Louderback, J. W.
Harris. M. J.- Platschek, William P.
Humphries, John Reed and C. F.
O'Neill. The latter, always looked upon
as a very bashful man In the matter
of after-dinner speeches, demonstrated
that a man can talk if he will only try.
The Odd Fellows' Hall Association
at the annual election last week re
eiccted all of the board of directors of
the previous year except three. The
new ones are: A. Rosenbaum, E.
Thiele and N. D. Sickels. At the meet
ing of directors, W. H. Blunden was
elected president, C. E. Benedict, vice
president; C. F. O'Neill, secretary, and
R. H. Lloyd, attorney. The associa
tion during the past year paid four
dividends and $5000 on account of
the mortgage. Next January it will
pay an additional $6000 on account of
mortgage.
Odd Fellowship.
A. A. Van Hovenberg haa been ap
pointed, djgtrtst deputy pgad 1 rgggnt
. The councils of Alameda County
have united' to celebrate Arcanum day
in the Maple Hall of the Foresters'
building.
A large meeting of Sequoia Coun
'cil last week was addressed at length
by J. L Mack, J. fle Roco and Ernest
Duden on the proposed association for
erecting a Royal Arcanum home In
this city.
The councils of San Francisco of the
Royal Arcanum have completed all
arrangements for the celebration of
Arcanum day, June 23. The celebra
tion will be In the form of a. theater
party at the Alcazur. The proceeds
will.be divided anione the several
councils for the benefit of their relief
fund*. Buena Vista Council has en
gaged a box for that evening and will*
fill .it with the young daughters of
members. The girls will be attired in
patriotic colors.
There is to be a picnic September 9
by the courts of this city, the affair
to be managed by the courts, irrespect
ive of the board of deputies.
Vice High Chief Ranger Stewart dur
ing the last week visited a number of
the courts in this city, also the courts
of San Rafael, Oakland and Berkeley.
• Companion Court Yerba Buena
gave an old clothes party In the social
hall of the Shiels building on June 9.
The attendance was large and the en
tertainment most pleasing. There
was a good dance programme and
all had a very enjoyable time. This
subordinate of the order will have a
social evening on fhe third Tuesday
of each month.
Royal Arcanum.
The San Francisco board of deputies
hac abandoned the idea of a large class
initiation in San Francisco.
In the closing days of May, Deputy
Supreme Chief Ranger G. Q. Stewart,
assisted by Deputy High Chief Ranger
E. V. Haley of Court Sierra, instituted
Companion Court* Sacramento with
twenty charter members. The chief
ranger of the new subordinate is Emma
E Dundas, ink recording secretary
Alma E. Dundas and the court deputy
Jennie S. Hopkins. This was in the
afternoon. In the evening there was
a joint . meeting of Courts Sutter and
Sierra of the parent order and. of the
membership of the new court. It was
a public meeting and there were pres
ent about 200 persons, who were en
tertained with a delightful programme
of music and songs, edified by addresses
"by Past High Chief Ranger Cooper,
High Physician Kellogg and Deputy
Supreme Chief Ranger Stewart. High
Treasurer E. N. Cameron was there,
and he was the feature of the enter
tainment. He told new stories, sang
comic songs f and kept the audience in
the best of humor for more than half
an hour, and, being recalled, told a few
jokes which he said had been found in
a box when the ark landed on Mount
Ararat. '/¦'.-
Independent Fortsters.
George H. Thomas Circle, Ladies of
the Grand Army of the Republic, at Its
meeting before Memorial day, after the
transaction of routine business, held a,
memorial service. During that service,
selections appreciate to the occasion
were rendered by Mesdames Heath,
Rainsbury, Gervais and Teeple, Mrs.
Wisher, accompanist. Miss Leslie
Sarle recited in a very pathetic man
ner ."The Soldier's Widow." At the
close of the service a dainty luncheon
was served. On the Tuesday afternbon
following that meeting the members of
the circle were delightfully entertained
at the residence of Mrs. Gervais, 85
Central avenue, where there was an
impromptu- programme of vocal selec
tions and recitations, also instrumental
•music. The principal contributors
were Mrs. Gervais, Miss V. Baily, Miss
Leslie Sarle and Mrs. F. Wisher. Sev
eral prospective members of the circle
were present as invited guests. Re
freshments and a collation were served.
William . McKlnley Circle celebrated
the first anniversary of its Institution
on the third Wednesday in May, on
which occasion there was, in Native
Sons' Hall on Seventeenth street, an ad
mirable programme of entertainment,
dancing and refreshments. On the last
Wednesday in that month the circle
held memorial service in its hall, which
was artistically decorated. The ora
tion was by Rev. J. Ar B. Wilson, who,
during the course of his 'address, paid
a glowing tribute to the soldiers of the
Civil War, the women of America and
the Ladies of the Grand Army of the
Republic.
Grand Army Ladies.
Grand Regent Jones is preparing a
circular, in which he will offer prizes
for individual and council work during
his term. • . /
A new council of the order is, to be
shortly organized at Long Beach.
The members of the order are or
ganizing a uniform rank in Los An
geles. A company will soon be mus
tered in with 108 members.
Sitting Past Grand Regent Gus Gun
zendorfer has presented to Angeleno
Council of Los Angeles a beautiful
gavel in appreciation of the good work
for the order that council did during
his incumbency as grand regent.
The office of the grand secretary has
been removed from the Chamber of
Commerce building to the Robert F.
Jones block, Los Angeles, wheve more
commodious quarters have been se
cured.
for Argonaut Council of this city.
Dr. G. L. Fitch, for many years
medical examiner for the order in this
city, died last week.
California Council at its last meeting
had several candidates for initiation,
and after the work of the evening there
was a pleasing programme of enter
tainment for the members and the vis
itors.
El Capltan Council had a business
meeting last week. This council la pre
paring to introduce th'e Oriental degree,
several members having' expressed a
desire to be known as "Princes of the
Orient." "Pop" Wilson and "Prince"'
Laurance Vincent will give these indi
viduals all that is coming to them for
the fee that they shall pay. \ --— "
At the last session of the San Fran,
cisco Cabinet of the National Union it
was decided to pay a fraternal and of
ficial visit to Union Council in August.
This council, which for a long time has
been resting, neither Increasing nor de
creasing, has expressed a determina
tion to work for the good of the order,
and on the occasion of the fraternal
visit will have work In the Iniatory de
gree, something it has not had for
years. The work will be performed by
the team of Mission Council.
National Union.
At the meeting of California Assem
bly No. 1 of the Americans, th'e follow
ing were elected officers: • Charles W.
Taylor, chairman; Mrji. J. A. Miller,
vice chairman; MrsI^ Eva Sheeline.
chaplain;* L. S. Readhead, recorder;
Louis Welner, senior, and Mrs. Anna
Ileavey Junior sergeant; Mrs. H. C.
Lewis, sentinel,' and Dr. A. R. Fox
guard. J. L. Smith was appointed ora
tor. The assembly, which is but a
month old, and which was started with
less than fifty members, now has a
membership of 101.
H. C. Lewis, a very enthusiastic and
energetic fraternal man, has been
placed at the head of the organization
work of this order and has opened of
fices «m the fifth floor of the Parrtftt
building. .I>.''V-.v
The council recently established In
Oakland is reported' as doing remark
ably good work and it is expected that
it will not be long before It passes the
100 mark.
A number o? organizers have been
appointed for work for this new order
In various parts of the State. From
the reports received the indications are
that wfthln a very short time a half
dozen subordinates will be instituted.
The Americans.
Pioneer Lodge at its last session re
ceived a number of applications and
Initiated three candidates who. at the
previous session, had been accepted by
ballot. On the last Friday In May this
lodge gave a novelty party In the so
cial hall of the A. O. F. building, which
was well attended and -proved a de
lightful affair. This was conducted
under the direction of the offlcera of
the lodge. A feature of the affair was
a quadrille arrangement of the Virginia
reel. It Is a new figure and calculated
to become popular.
Friends of the Forest.
The Sons of Exempts held a meeting
in the hall of the Exempt Firemen's
Association in Brenham place last
week, on which occasion a committee,
consisting of ex-Judge George H
Bahrs. W. J. Guilfoyle. J. A. Barr and
A. McFarland, was instructed to wait
on the Board of Supervisors with a
view to advance the interest of the
parent and auxiliary associations, also
to prepare a plan whereby the mem
bers of the Junior association can bw
of more use to the parent association
than it has been in the past. The com
mittee was instructed to report at a
meeting to be held June 13.
Sons of Exempts.
On the firft Monday in June Aurora
I<odge of the Knights and Ladies of
Honor tendered a reception to Mrs.
Frances J. Williams, one of its mem
bers who was, at the last session of the
Grand Lodge, exalted to the position of
grand protector of the order. There
was a large attendance of members of
the host and other lodges. All the
grand and past grand officers residing
in this city and across the bay were in
attendance. The guest of the evening
was welcomed by Protector Mrs. Veig
|cr of Aurora and the guest made a
feeling response. At Its conclusion
I'ast Grand Protector Doch«ry, on be
half of the lodge, presented to Mrs.
Williams a large bunch • of beautiful
and fragrant rosebuds. There was a
programme of entertainment, with con
gratulatory talks by the grand officers,
after which icecream and cakes were
served.
There was a remarkably large meet
ing in the hall of Martha Lodge of
the Knights 'and Ladies of Honor on
the last Friday May. There were
present a good attendance of the
membership, also representatives irom
all of the local lodges and all the
grand officers except the grand pro
tectress, Mrs. Frances J. Williams. The
reason for the unusually large gather
ing was the proposition emanating '
from Magnolia Lodge to -the effect
that all the lodges of this city make
a move in the direction of doing
something on a big scale for the ad
vancement of the' order. After the
business of the lodge had been dis
posed of there w_as a meeting of the
representatives from the various
lodges. James »P. Dockery of Magno
lia Lodge was chosen preseldent, and
H. W. Quitzlow, secretary. It was
decided,\after listening to a number
of propositions, that the committee
arrange for a day and night at the*
Chutes, that there be arranged a Be
ries of propagation meetings for mem
bers and such as are not members,
but eligible for membership, and a
widespread advertisement of the or
der. The committee will visit all the
local lodges for this purpose and ex
pects to hold a grand ratification
meeting. • •
Knights and Ladies.
Silver Spray Lodge of the D. of H.
will give a social in Excelsior Hall.
Mission street, near Nineteenth, on the
evening of June 28. This lodge is no
ted for the excellence of its social func
tions.
At. the meeting of Forget-Me-Not
Lodge of the Degree of Honor on the
first Saturday in June the following
were elected officers for the ensuing
term: Ella Peck, chief of honor; Ma
bel Lester, lady of honor; Ethel Far
ley, chief of ceremonies; Mrs. A. L.
Simpson, recorder; Frank J. Maguire,
financier; Mary Rothganger, receiver;
Ella Kerrigan, osher; Frank Williams,
watchman; Fred • Rothganger, trustee.
This lodge has decided to postpone its
social and open meeting to June 18. The
recorder of the lodge, who is a member
of the- A. O. U. W^ picnic committee,
reported that the prospects for a most
enjoyable outing are promising.
Grjj/d Recorder Spencer has gone to
Chattanooga to attend the session of
the Supreme Lodge.
friends In its lodge room in the Pioneer
building, on which occasion Grand
Master, C. H. Dunton will be present
and have something to say to the au
diance.
T2. D. Knight, G. W. Morse, W. J.
Hazlett, J. H. Thrane, W. L. Owen and
A. J. Donald, all except the latter being
past grands of the lodge.
The many who attended the ner
formance given in Golden Gate Hall
on the last Thursday in May by La
dies' Aid Society No. 5, Auxiliary to
Lincoln Cimp Xo. U of the Sons of
Veterans.' U. S. A., spent a very en
joyable evening. The entertainment
was "Diamonds and Hearts," a three
act comedy drama, presented under
the direction of Paul Gerson. The
piece was well staged and the- acting
of Miss Agnes L. Connelly and MIsj
Esther A. Connelly was highly com
mended. The play was followed by
dancing. Monroe J. Orr was floor
manager and Mrs. Emma Browne.
Mrs. Alice E. Wilson, Mrs. F. D. Wol
from and Mrs. F. P. Bowker the gen
eral committee that arranged th
pleasing entertainment.
- Sons of Veterans.
Court Hubertus has arranged for a
grand picnic at Satro Park, FruitvaJe,
00 June 19.
Court Independence has elected the
following officers for the ensuing term:
Edward Brandhorst, C. R.; A. B. Ray
mond. S. C. R.; George S. Menke, S.
W.; L. Cordes, J. S.; A. Willits, 8, B.;
J. McCarthy. L.; P. J. Gray. R. S.; H.
Nolte, O. This court will give a com
plimentary entertainment and dance in
the social hall of the Alcazar on Fri
day evening, June 24, to Its members
and many friends.
At a meeting of the executive coun
cil l^st week it was decided to have an
other large class initiation in this city
on August 15,- in celebration of Forest
ers' day. A meeting of representatives
from the local courts to take action in
this matter has been called for June 27.
A large number of the past chief
rangers of San Francisco have, on the
suggestion of Grand Chief Ranger Fo
lejr. taken the preliminary steps to
form a Past Chief Rangers' Associa
tion. I. P. Beban of Court San Fran
cisco was chosen temporary president
and A. J. Glover of Court Acme tem
porary secretary. The following were
appointed a committee to draft a con
stitution: John Heenan, Leo Ka,uf
mann, H. Goetz. Jacob Label. T. J.,
Emery. Edward Smith and W. J. Don-
Ion.
The American Foresters of Sacra
mento a few evenings ago tendered a
reception to C. A. Root in appreciation
of his elevation to the office of grand
Mjli-chiof ranger.
Court Junior Pride of California haa
decided to Join Martha Washington
Circle of the Companions of the For
est of America, in a picnic to be given
at Fairfax Park on July 17.
The following have been elected as
officers for Court Seal Rock for the
i urrent term: A. C. Beidenbach. C.
R.; A. B. Swemson, S. C. R.; K. Nel
ron. S. W.; A. G. Anderson, J. W.;
H. J. Willis, R. S.; F. Scove, S. B.;
J. Taisen. J. B., G. Beidenbach, lec
turer. This court will at the com
mencement of the new term inaugu
rate a campaign for members which
is expected to double its roll.
Those who responded to toasts at
the banquet given to the grand of
ikers. and delegates to the Grand
Circle of the Companions of the Forest
«>f America were: Mrs. J. Krimminger,
Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, Mrs. Mary Tho
in.in. Mrs. C Tucker, Mm. E. J. X.
Kteiyweg, Mrs. Agnes D. Bremer, Miss
K*?ie Kragen, P. H. Coyle, Mrs. L.
Karton. John J. Cordy, Mrs. L. Powers,
?!rs. D. OCallaghan, Mrs. S. J. Fln
m-gan, Bessie Waters, Mrs. R. Kemp
Van Ee, Mate H. Cartwright. Sarah
Beverson. Past Grand Chiefs Mrs.
Kmma Harrington, Mrs. M. A. Duke
and Mrs. Helena Worms. The com
mittee that entertained the gTand of
ficers and delegates was: Sarah Bever
tion. Mate H. Cartwright, Essie
Krajren, Mrs. M. A. Duke, Mrs. L. Bas
ton, Mrs. C Tucker, Rosir Wolmar,
Mrs. 1. Kuttner, MrsT M. Levy. Miss
Mary Foye and Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ee.
Grand Secretary John J. Cordy and
Jacob Label, editor of the American
Forester Review, left this city last
¦week for Denver, Colo., for the pur
pose of attending the session of the'
Grand Court of that State.
Court Verbano of Oakland will hold
memorial services in its courtroom to
day.
O. Fraser. ST. JlcCarl of Oakland.
Maxwell L. Crowe and R. Huddleston.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE . 12, 1901.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
18John W. Thompson, who was here as
a member of the "Ben Hur" company,
opines that San Francisco is losing its
Bohemia. "I found many of my old
friends gone," he said to the New York
Dramatic News, "and their -peaces
taken by gentlemen of more^ pro
nounced business ability. In fact, the
actors and newspaper men who used to
delight in being regarded as Bohemians
are things of the past. Money rules
the most everywhere and the stage and
newspaper office are no exception to
the rule. Do I find fault with this
state of affairs? . Not a bit of it.
Without money a man is of little con
sequence anywhere, and it Is a sign of
progress when we see writers and
actors getting into line and saving in
stead of spending. There may not be
the same charm about the profession
of writer or actor, ,but facts are facts,
and the commercial spirit dominates
the artistic, -which in my opinion Is of
much advantage to the latter."
In an interview Joseph Jefferson re
cently reiterated his objections to an
endowed or national theater. The
question of securing the best players
he regarded as the^chief obstacle. On
this point he delivered himself thus:
"A good actor usually has the money
he needs to make artistic productions.
He has a desire, natural enough and
very human, of being at -the head of the
enterprise. Why should he surrender
this privilege and the profits and glory
of his. work to go with a number of
others into a general group *of play
ers?*It would also be difficult for an
actor who has dominated his own en
tertainments to subject himself to the
rule of 'another stage director. Then.
GOSSIP ABOUT FOLK
WnO ARE PROMINENT \
IN THE MI3IIC WORLD
Mrs. Leslie Carter, in David Belas
co's new play "Du Barry," promises to
break box-office records at the Grand
Opera-house. The advance sale of seats
for the opening week, commencing to
morrow evening, presages a crowded
house at each performance. Including
the Wednesday and Saturday matinees.
Since her last appearance here, three
years ago, when she played "Zaza" at
the Columbia Theater, Mrs. Carter is
said to have continued the advance
ment that has been so remarkable ever
since her debut. The supporting com
pany Includes a number of well-known
clever people.
E. IT. Sothern's vehicle this year is
"The Proud Prince," by Justin Hunt
ly McCarthy, author of "If I Were
King," and the new play is said to be
superior In every element of dramatic
strength to its predecessor in the Soth
ern reportoire. Mr. Sothern's engage
ment, commencing to-morrow evening
at the Columbia Theater, will be his
last in this city as an individual star,
as he plays Shakespeare next season
with Julia Marlowe.
"Charley's Aunt," than which no
funnier farce was ever written, will be
the Alcazar's offering this week. It is
one of the very few English laugh
makers that has retained popularity
in this country.
"Secret Service," William Gillette's
great war drama, will be started on a
week's run this evening at the Cali
fornia Theater by the Oliver Morosco
Company, .an organization 'which has
already won strong local favoritism.
At the Central Theater to-morrow
night there will be a revival of Bouci
cault's time-honored drama of the
ante-bellum South, "The Octoroon."
An elaborate scenic production If?
promised.
"Sergeant Kitty" will hold the Tivoli
stage another week, since its open
ing production the piece has been con
siderably enlivened by the Introduc
tion of Interpolated humor by . the
comedians, and now it is really an en
joyable performance, bookishly as well
as musically.
Aui?ust, Weston and company, com
edy jugglers, are the headliners.of this
week's bill at the Orpheum. Other new
STRONG ATTRACTIONS
WILL BE OFFERED AT
THE LOCAL THEATERS
acts are Eddie Heron, Madge Doug
lass and Will L. White in a one-act
farce, the Roman! Trio, musical artists,
and Foster's educated dog.
"U. S." is retained at Fischer's, and
the radium girls have made quite a
hit. Edna Aug and the other clevet
people are constantly injecting new
"stuff" and improving the humor of
the piece.
New people to open at the Chute.**
to-morrow night are Russell Brandow
and Stella Wiley, colored entertainers,
and Harry Green, singer and mono
logist.
| KATE CONDON, THE SINGER, IN VARIOUS POSES.
too, he would spend most of the time In
one place, playing to a single city, and
you know an actor finds satisfaction
and pleasure in going from place to
place, meeting many people and hear
ing the applause of audiences in dif
ferent parts of the country."
"During our tours in Europe," Sousa
says, "we discovered a number of offi
cial and business customs that seemed
strange after long acquaintance with
American methods. Fqr instance. In
Paris the Government takes 10 per cent
of the gross receipts of all amusements
for the support of the charities. In
Russia the same tax is exacted, but it
is collected from the public instead of
tfie attraction, by the addition of a
small amount to the price of each
ticket. In Paris a reserved seat pur
chased before the entertainment costs
rrfore than the regular box office price,
while In Germany it costs less. It is
all in the point of view.
"In several places where more than
one language is current-we had to make
our advertising announcements In poly
glot form. As, for instance, in Warsaw
the posters had to be printed in Rus
sian and Polish, while in Prague both
the Bohemian and German languages
were employed.
"The laws of Russia require all pro
grammes to be submitted to the official
censor for his approval, and while I
was playing in Berlin a telegram came
from the advance agent, who was in
St. Petersburg, making the final ar
rangements, stating that it would be
necessary to file the words of the songs
that our ¦.soprano was to sing with this
official. The song words were dispatch
ed on the next train, but before they
arrived the agent received another de
mand for them. He rose to the occa
sion and wrote out the verses of the
only songs he could remember. They
happened to be 'Annie Rooney' and
'Marguerite,' while our soprano. Miss
Liebling, really sang the^ mad scene
from 'Lucia' and similar 'numbers at
the concerts. However, no one seemed
to b'e the wiser or the least distressed."
The old question of the Joint en
gagement of husbands and wives is
again being discussed in theatrical cir
cles, owing probably to the fact that a
good many managers in ( their selections
for next season are showing a dispo
sition to draw the line more strictly
than ever before. A young leading man,
whose wife is a talented actress, un
bosomed himself on this subject the
other day to the New York Dramatic
Mirror.
"I believe that ninety per cent of the
matrimonial shipwrecks in the profes
sion are due to separate engagements,"
said he. "At best, the migratory char
acter *of professional life is opposed to
domesticity, but scarcely any life in
common is open to the professional
man and wife unless they are able to
fill joint engagements, and I believe
firmly that that is why we have so
many unfortunate experiences.
"The objections of managers to en
gaging husbands arid wives are mostly
based on unfounded prejudice. Married
couples, as a rule, are willing to make
material sacrifices in respect to salary
In order to be together in the same
company; they are better contented and
usually find a greater interest in their
work and consequently do better work:
they prize the opportunity to preserve
a semblance, at any rate, of the mar
ried existence of other classes of peo
ple, and experience has proved that
their managers find them more re
liable.
"It is a curious thing 1 — _ a demoral
izing one, too — that many of the man
agers who disapprove strenuously of
husbands and wives are not at all par
ticular as to the relations of unmarried
men and women In their companies. I
have noticed this often, and I believe
it Is a source of untold Injury to mem-
as Alan-a-Dale," I said, speaking with
the voice of one who has observed, "the
Tivoli will resound with greeting most
cordial. Then the congregation will sit
back and closely attend to your per
formance. If they are pleased by it,
you will be notified by a demonstration
that will surely 'warm the cockles of
your heart,' as they say in the land of
your forbears. But if, on the other
hand, you fall to come up to the expec
tation created by the advertisements — „.
for my fellow townsmen have not yet
completely lost faith In the_ veracity of
the advance announcements — you will
quickly wish you had canceled before
you signed. No, there will be no hisses,
but a silence so clammy that you would
welcome a hiss or two to break it.
After the first night, however, the si
lence will not be so oppressive, because
there wi!l be fewer people to make it."
"I think your meaning is grasped, f/
saidVMifs Condon. v "The newspapers
and the billboards send a congregation
of fair-minded first-nighters and then
it's me to do the rest— warm them up or
freeze them out."
"You have grasped it," I said.
"After giving me an encouraging re
ception, to show there's no Ill-feeling
to begin with, the people, will settle
back In their seats, the men with arms
folded and the women with hands
crossed In laps. Then they will fix
their optics upon yours truly and say
to themselves: 'Now we've done our
duty; we hope she'll make good.' If
their hope is realized "
"You wouldn't swap Eddy street for
Broadway."
"And If they are^ frozen "
"You will believe" all you have ever
heard, and decide it wasn't half/enough,
about the provincialism, the ' boorish
ness, the injustice, the wild and
woolly "
"No, I won't. I'll just say to myself:
'Katherine, your jump to the center
may have been premature, after all.
You pleased New York and Chicago,
my dear, but they don't monopolize the
music culture of this big nation. You
must remember, Kalherlne, that San
Francisco has heard all the big singers
that New York and Chicago has had
and that the people of San Francisco
are qualified by experience to identify
good singing when they hear It.' Then
I would say "
"Then you could say, without prevari
cating, that San Francisco didn't care
who you were, where you came from
or what your preceding fame amounted
to, but treated you strictly in accord
ance with your artistic merits as
measured by the San Francisco stand-,
ard." ,- : /'¦<¦.
"Could I say that also? Thank you.
Well, after' saying that I would
say "
"Would you really say, in the un
likely event of a frost, all that you have
already said you would say?"
"Certainly. Why not?"
"Then you ARE an exceptional stage
woman, and. Charlie Strir- is an ex
traordinary press agent, revolr."
"Why this haste?"
"I want to buy a' drink for Charlie
Strine while his conscientious mood Is
on," JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
, 0
•'Bless them! They said I- was self
willed and now they are probably of
the -same opinion. I suppose they be
lieved my arrival at the center was
unnecessarily delayed, while I still be
lieve that to hold the center after win
rung it is worth considering by the
stage aspirant. How many stars have
you seen twinkle In the focus of the
spot light for a season and then return
to obscuration? I don't know how it is
at this side of the continent, but in the
East and especially in New York, there
Is a steady extinguishing cf ire—^ature
prima. donne. What becomes of them?
Oh, the sensible ones gulp their dis
appointment and resume the study they
should not have abandoned until they
were fitted to hold after they had. The
foolish ones, no doubt, blame an un
appreciatlve public and resort to mis
anthropy."
Miss Condon then went on to sav she
was graduated from the Chicago Con
servatory of Music four years ago. She
eang fn a church choir and on the con
cert platform ere she considered herself
Qualified to attempt opera.
"Acd the persons whose advice you
ignored — what do tMey think oX you?"
Yet the verification was such an ano
maly! Here was a woman with a name
and a countenance denoting Hibernian
descent unconsciously exposing the
•tanniness" of an Auld Licht elder.
Where was the traditional impetuosity
<>f her race? Who would look for the
reflective mind — that machine for
weighing consequences — in a buxom
young female with rounded cheeks.
Kood-humored mouth ' and merry blue
eyes? I didn't, despite what Mr.
Strine had told me, until she dropped
that remark anent looking before leap
ing. Something of my thought must
have been conveyed to her, for she
said, smiling:
"I suppose one can be Irish without
being rash?"
••Alluding." I ventured, "to your
transit from schoolroom to stage.
"Yes. My parents were born and
bred in Ireland, where our genealogical
tree is rooted somewhere in the twelfth
century, yet more cautious people
never lived. So there is nothing phe
nomenal about my prudence. It has
been with me as long as I can remem
ber — ever since I was a wee girl with
a big voice. In my school days well
meaning but indiscreet adults urged
me to strike right out for a stage
career, but something within me said
that would be a foolish thing to do.
'With your vocal and physical qualifi
cations,' said my advisers, 'it is simply
a matter of seeing a manager, being
engaged on the spot for leading roles,
reveling In calcium baths by night and
receiving press interviewers by day,
donating your surplus floral gifts to
hospitals and wondering how you can
spend all your money.' Alluring vision,
wasn't it? But it never tempted me.
"Better take time to investigate,' said
the inner voice. I obeyed It. Inves
tigation convinced me there was only
one way to reach the center of the
stage with hope of holding it, and that
the route was through years of pa
tient study. It was a hard road to
travel, but I stuck to it until— well,
here I am to 6lng first contralto parts
at the Tivoli.
That sentence sufficed to satisfy me
that Mr. Btrine's reputation as a keen
analyst of human character would not
b<* damaged by anything additional
Miss Kate Condon might say.
•You will find her," Mr. Strine had
informed me, as we journeyed together
to meet the Tivoli's coming star, "an
exceptional woman of the stage. Cora
snon sense is her distinguishing qual
ity. Her advancement in the profes
sion has been rapid, but she modestly
< stimates her artistic worth. So strong
i* her equipment of sound reason that
1 don't believe she could say or do a
silly thing with serious Intent."
This bit of personal intelligence was
not accepted without making due al
lowance for Mr. Strine's position as
the Tivoli's press representative. It
was his duty, of course, to portray in
unique colors the lady we were en
route to visit, else she might fail of
the interest reputed distinctiveness al
ways invites. On that account, there
fire, it was rather surprising as well
as gratifying to have every tint of his
v.erd picture verified by the subject
herself.
"I did not attempt to Jump from the
i <>nvent door to the center of the
stage."
"And even then," she said, laughing,
"chronic prudence restrained me from
interviewing a manager. 'Just wait.'
whispered Prudence, 'and when you are
fit to appear in opera the proposal will
come to you.' Prudence was rlcht. as
usual. Henry W. Savage, the impre
sario, heard me sing in the choir and
the next day he sent for me. My first
role was that of Siebel in 'Faust,' and
Mr. Savage immediately booked me for
three years with his New York Castle
Square Company."
She sang various roles with the Castle
Square organization, and with the con
clusion of her engagement came offers
galore. While they were under consid
eration Mr. Savage made his memor
able — and costly — move to the Metro
politan Opera-house by arrangement
with Maurice Grau, and Miss Condon
was chosen from many applicants to
sing Siebel, her first role, in the open
ing performance of "Faust."
"At that time," she continued, "im
presarii were beginning to corral
grand opera singers into the lighter
works of musical comedy and comic
opera and they offered better salaries
than the grand opera managers could
or would pay. For a while I resisted
all overtures to abandon the grand
opera field, because I had not advanced
as far in it as I desired, but finally I
yielded tc the terms proposed by
Messrs. Fisher & Riley, whose 'Floro
dora' was then in Its first ecstacy of
success at the New York Casino., I
took the role of Dolores in the produc
tion and so satisfying were the results
that I bade adieu to the 'heavies' and
decided to remain In light opera."
Her next important engagement was
with Jefferson de Angelis in Sir Arthur
Sullivan's final opera, "The Emerald
Isle," and all the New York critics
said that to her work as the coquettish
Molly was due mostly the success of
the production.
"Then I joined the Bostonians," she
said, "and sang the leading contralto
roles of their repertoire. It Is no envi
able ordoal, I tell you. to step Into a
part that has already been 'created' by
a popular favorite. Comparisons are
inevitable, and usually unfair', for no
matter how successful is the artist who
succeeds the 'creator,' the first impres
sions of the public are as lasting as
they are prejudiced. Understanding
this, you may realize how much I value
these criticisms of my first appearance
as Alan-a-Dale In 'Robin Hood' at the
New York Academy of Music last Aug
ust."
The notices certainly were worthy of
their foremost place in the Condon
Ecrap-bcok. All of them pronounced
the new Alan-a-Dale equal <ln every
detail of attractiveness to tnS"""crea
tion" of Jessie Bartlett-Davis, and
some of them" said. that Kate Condon
was the only legitimate successor, vo
cally, dramatically and physically, of
the origmal leading contralto of the
Bostonians.
"That was my most gratifying tri
umph," said Miss Condon, "because it
was the first actual comparative test
of my ability. My preceding roles had
either been 'created' by me or sang by
many artists before I; assumed them,
and it certainly was pleasant to be re
leased from the trepidation accompa
nying my debut in the part where Jes
sie Bartlett-Davis made her greatest
success. When the Bostonians pro
duced 'The Serenade' in Chicago I sang
Dolore^'and the critics again gave me
primal Donors — but the fact that I was
a Chlcag6~g1rl may have had something
to do with that."
Which reminded her to ask the ques
tion that all newcomers of her profes
sion ask concerning San Francisco
audience?. Contradictory reports - of
their treatment of strange stage artists
had reached het In the East. She would
like to get the truth of It.
".When you make your first entrance
bers of the profession and a menace to
the morale of the stage."
Probably not more than one person
in ten thousand takes the trouble to
verify the extravagant assertions of
theatrical managers with regard to the
long runs enjoyed by certain plays. A
writer on a New York paper has gone
into the detective business on his own
hook and has discovered some very
amusing as well as startling discrepan
cies between the advertised number of
performances and the actual presenta
tions of some of the plays heralded as
having enjoyed long runs. He tells of
one attraction on Broadway which kept
the other managers figuring when it
opened and when" it would close. This
show opened on October 31 ai\d on De
cember 1 it was advertised that it was
"now In its third rnonth^' The piece
had been playing at the theater for ex
actly thirty-two days, or a trifle over
one month, yet the managers could
scarcely be called jugglers of truth for
saying it was, in its third month,
inasmuch as it had been played in Oc
tober. November and December. An
other attraction which opened on De
cember 24 was advertised on January 2
as being in Its second month, which
was really true. But the boldest at
tempt to deceive the public was the an
nouncement on January 2 of an attrac
tion that opened on December 24. to
the effect that it was "in its second
year In New York.'" The press agenta
of some of the plays which are reputed
to have long runs In the metropolis
must burn the midnight oil in their ef
forts to conjure up something that will
sound mighty big, but which is really
very small when investigated.
Frank McKee. who went abroad sev
eral weeks ago to pave the way for
'The Prince of Pilsen" Company at
the Shaftesbury Theater. London, has
returned and will spend the summer at
his country place, arranging, mean
while, the details concerning the tour
of line. Bernhardt. with whom he
signed a contract for . a season «>*
twenty weeks, commencing next Jan
uary, with a possible extension of four
or five weeks, if business warrants It.
Mme. Bernhardt will appear /n '"The
Sorceress," and inasmuch as Mrs. Pat
rick Campbell will use this play un
der Charles Frohman's management at
the Herald Square Theater in October,
there will be a French and English
version in operation after the first of
the year. v
• • •
While John Drew was on a visit to
Paris last week as a guest' of Charles
Frohman, a conference was held with
Augustus Thomas, who has a home in
the Latin Quarter, and it was arranged
for Mr. Thomas to write a new play
purely American in locality, which Mr.
Drew will use as soon as it is com
pleted, which wilTViot be until about the
first of January, and It is expected that
Mr. Drew will follow the example of
his *iiece, Ethel Barrymore, and make
a London appearance next summer.
May Tohe has gone into vaudeville
at the Tivoli Theater in London in a
dancing specialty, assisted by John
Ford, who was Mayme Gebrue's part
ner in this country. $tm
• • • -T*/;
A funny suit was sprung on Miller
and Kauffman of Philadelphia by a
woman who claims JoOCO damage on the
ground their house (Forepaugh's) was
so crowded it caused her to become 111.
and that the crowd was so great she
coul£ not get out to the fresh air. or aret
medical attention. There are quite a
number of managers who would have
been glad to have risked such a suit.
There is an old saying 1 , "Don't mon
key with the lions." It looks as if
"Weber and Fields have failed to heed
the warning. They secured two ani
mals and a trainer as features of the
English Daisy, and now they have been
sued for eleven hundred dollars back
salary, because the complainants al
lege that the animals were contracted
for a thirty- five weeks' season, and the
tour ended \after a short time at the
Casino. . .V.
Polly Stockwell has been engaged as
leading woman for the stock company
at Vallamont Park, in Willlamsport,
Pa., which opens with "The Wife." ,
• • • »
Sarah Truax will be the HiBTrfftJWl? of
the all-star cast of "The Two Orphans"
next season.
According to the New York Dra
matic Mirror, the generally unfortu
nate outcome of the last dramatic sea
son should not be accepted as due oa
the whole to inherent causes for which
the theater and its administration are
to blame.
It Is a fact that the public showed
by. the peculiar character of its pat
ronage that It had become weary of a
certain class of "shows" that have
differed mainly in names, and that
have appealed solely to the eye and
not at all to* the intelligence. This
fact has been emphasized by many
failures of such attractions, the public
turning quickly for relief from the su
perficial and Inane to revivals of old
plays— made In desperation by man
agers to offset the lr.ck-of vitality of
certain new pieces — some of which old
plays, although by no means well suit
ed to this generation, still possess ele
ments of strength that have found ap
preciation.
Aside from the apparent lacks in
original offerings last season there
were extrinsic causes that militated
against a normal patronage of the the
ater. One of the most potent of these
no doubt was the general business de
pression, or, rather, the depression In
stocks, that affected untold numbers
of persons disastrously, and led to an
abandonment of the theater amons
other things through the concentration
of- Interest upon matters that touched
so many of the pubire more nearly.
As some astute observer of financial
conditions has remarked, the pecuniary
disturbances in which values shrunk
enormously or disappeared altogether
were the result of a long continued
"speculative debauch." and when such
things happen the people intimately
concerned have little thought for any*
thins but devices to save Uxemselv*^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, : JUNE 12, 190*.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19Besides, every well regulated family
with any pretensions to prestige now
owns a country home, even though It
be a log cabin among the pines. Of
course, the quickening of our emart set
to the joys of outdoor life is largely
The "simple life" has taken a violent
hold on the rank and file of the smart
get, corning in good time as an antidote
to- the revived fashions of the day of
Louis XVL with " their excesses of
luxury in furnishings, dress and deco
rations, which ultimately must lead to
psychological changes of mind and
manner. But with plenty of ©eone, and
the breath of the pines end the sea
shore, the gilt trappings in the homes
*€ the rich m*y be neutralized— e-t leaat
in part.
The automobile has been a powerful
factor In alluring men and women Into
closer communion with nature, xrith
thf- results of mental and physical
health and exhilaration or epirlts utter
]v unknown before.
On Wednesday at noon Miss Gene
vleve Louise Huntsman and Harry R.
Willlar were wedded by the Rev. Dr.
And merrily ring the nuptial bells.
Herewith are the leading weddings of
the week: On Tuesday. Miss Char
lotte Rixon of Los Angeles became the
bride of Dr. Harry Reynolds of this
city, the ceremony taking place with
much eclat in the southern city.
who crawl into "sleeping bags" o*
nights— "war-bags," President Roose
velt calls them— and lay "them down to
sleep, their sweet, white souls for God
to keep," In ; a pungent bed of pine
needles? "Well, that's Just what some
maids are planning: for at this very
minute. Among the worshipers of the
simple life among the trees and things
that grow unbidden are Miss Elsie
Sperry. the Misses Collier, Mies Geor
gle Spieker, Miss Emma Moffat and an
almost unlimited list of pretty maids.
The "Wild "West pony show! "Well, It
was just as successful and just as at
tractive as it had promised to be.
Hundreds were there, gathered under
the trees — handsome women and beau
tiful girls, in dainty summer gowns.
And men? Yes, men galore. • Now, a
tea or a garden fete could never have
dragged those hosts of men out on a
sweltering June afternoon. But a pony
show is different. They came, and they
enjoyed themselves. And how could
any one have helped enjoying that pony
show? The meadow was gav with
charming little children; sturdy, hardy
big boys and girls; young men and
maidens — all mounted, and riding with
a recklessness and vim which, at times,
was nothing short of hair-raising. One
of the most attractive riders on th«
ground was Miss Gertrude Eells. who is
spending the summer at the Eells place
in Boss. Miss Eells is a charming girl.
to extend over the Whole of one year.
Have you seen a sample of the new
style of dancing the two-step? Well,
the bonny-Kug was mild in compar
ison. Not -so affectionate is the new
dance, but rather more exasperating.
The dancers take long, sweeping
glides, dipping low.
A Britisher on seeing the two-step
thus evolved remarked that it looked
like the "Liverpool lurch" that pre
vailed in the old days in — well. I'll let
Miss Louise Tillman is visiting her
sister, Mrs. Arthur Pennel Briggs of
Victoria, where she is holding a merry
court in the British province, being a
wise maiden and winning and witty.
many, where the hospitals will occu
py the days of the ambitious young
medical man, and Miss Josephine will
occupy a year as her fancy dictates.
Being a clever girl and ambitious, she
will doubtless make great progress in
her German during the next twelve
month.
A CHARMING FIANCEE AND TWO.F AIR SOCIETY MAIDENS NOW TRAVELING.
due to our incomparable climate — but
it took some thousands of strangers to
acquaint OaJifornians with the values
of her ozone. clfanswJ at night by the
fogs and dev.s and warmed by the cuns
•it the morrow. But these Joys were
!nng ago known to th»> leisure-loving
Spaniards, for note the structure of their
homes, built about a patio, or garden.
Jn which fountains epiashed in the heat
of th* day. It was on the verandas of
th*>se patios that the forbears of the
Slat* lived their lives, even passing
the summer nights undor the stars,
drinking unconsciously of nature's vital
fluid.
And thus to-day have the people
awakened, for never before were so
many men and maids preparing for
roughing it. either in camping parties,
as the Husne* and the Ma sees are do
ing in the Yosemite, or taking long
tramps, such as is planned by the
Sierra Club, or the living at country
homes with the simplicity of Puritans
In food and dress. The Joe Tobins are
getting the most out of their place near
Calistoga, where they and their guests,
among whom was Miss Alice Hager,
ar« Joyously quartered in log cabins!
going about In unconventional garb,
and doing Just about what fancy di
rects—"good form" notwithstanding.
I am informed that the matter of dress
for the women is prescribed as follows,
with severe penalties for infringement
of rules: Short skirts, colored shirt
waists, collars turned In, no sleeves,
hats minus the crown, the latter a
concession to the fair-skinned damsels
who tan and freckle, who must per
force shield their faces; but by this ln
renlous. If not highly artistic arrange
ment, the skin is protected, and the
hair given the liberties of the air and
eunshine, a blessed duality.
And what think you of dainty maids
On Wednesday evening no fewer than
On Wednesday morning. '. In the
quaint little Church of St. Raphael at
San Rafael, pretty Miss Margaret
Short became the bride of Joseph Kane
Hawkins, the popular attorney-at-law.
The church was filled with friends of
the fair bride and • her fiance, when a
nuptial mass was sung before the cere
mony — a most Impressive service, some
what lengthy, but singularly beautiful.
On the return of the young people
they will make their home in the prettt
little burg over the bay.
Clampett at the home of the bride, her
mother. Mrs. George Huntsman, giving
the fair bride into the keeping of the
groom. Attended by her sister. Mrs.
Kindleberger. the bride was radiantly
lovely in a chiffon cloth gown of simple
structure.
Mr. WIHiar and his bride will make
their future home in the hillside colony
of Sausalito, where they will figure
prominently in the' charming life led
by the members thereof.
Amorig*the guests who w^re bidden
to the wedding were: Mr. and Mrs.
Wllllar, Mr. and Mrs. Grayson Dutton.
Dr. and Mrs. Charles Kindleberger, Mr.
and Mrs. Shalnwald, Mr. and Mrs. Gal
lois. Miss Gallois, Miss Josephine
Loughborough, Robert Greer, Dr. and
Mrs. Garceau and Miss Bessie Zane.
At Mrs. Huntsman's table were the
Rev. Dr. and Mrs. Campbell, Mr. and
Mrs. Mullins and Colonel and Mrs. Dra
per, Miss Etelka Wllliar. Miss "iller.
MIfs Anna Sperry, Lieutenant Carri
gan, • Clay Miller, the Misses Draper,
Dr and Mrs. John R. Clark, Mrs. Ry
land Wallace, Mrs. Thomas Benton
Darragh, Miss Elizabeth Cole, Mrs.
McMullln Belvin and Captain and Mrs.
Cantwcll.
Mrs.* J. G. Edwards, with her
daughter, Miss Alnette Edwards, and
Miss Downey of San Francisco, have
arrived in London preparatory to
making a tour throughout England.
Scotland and Ireland. At the conclu
sion of this trip they have planned to
proceed to Paris and thence will start
for a tour on the Continent, which Is
Vard H. "Hulen, M. D., and Mrs.
Hulen of San Francisco have arrived
in London after a prolonged tour in
Morocco, Southern Spain. Italy. Swit
zerland and France. From London
Dr. and Mrs. Hulen have planned to
make a comparatively short . tour in
Scotland and Ireland, ' sailing back
from Queenstown on the White Star
line in time to arrive in San Francisco
for the Fourth of July.
Among the interesting betrothals of
the week was that of Miss Susie Bix
by and Dr. Ernest Bryant of Los An
geles. Miss Bixby is a charming
maiden, who has been much sought
after during the past gay winter.
Visiting In Alameda for some
months past is Miss Anna Smith of
Tacoma, a winsome maiden fresh from
the school, whose formal presentation
to society has not yet occurred. With
Senator and Mrs. Joseph R. Know
land, her uncle and aunt. Miss Smith
traveled through the south for six
weeks, having a merry time at Santa
Barbara, where she figured conspic
uously a clever horsewoman. She
returns to her northern home next
week. ,
¦»•¦•¦• •
you guess where. Is this abomination
going to last? While there was some
defense for the bonny-hug there is not
for the "Liverpool lurch." Therefore
frown' it down, men and maidens!
• • •
Louis S. Brugulere is once again
keeping open house In Newport, whero
he is quite a social lion.
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Lawless of San
Francisco have arrived in London en
route for the Continent.
The first of June brought the Gers
tles to their beautiful summer home
place in San Rafael. Of all those who
come vear year after vear to San Ra
fael probably none are more warmly
welcomed than the Gerstles.
Mrs. A. "W. Dubols an«5 her
Miss Lichtenberg, have sailed for Hon
olulu, where they will spend the sum
mer.
Hospitable "Dick" Hotallng has been
entertaining a house party at "Sleepy
Hollow," the Hotaling ranch near San
Anselmo. How suggestive of comfort
able, lazy enjoyment that name is!
Lucky, indeed, are they who share the
hospitality of charming "Sleepy Hol
low"!
Mounted on her splendid sorrel, she
was a picture of winsome girlhood.
Arthur Page, as marshal of the after
noon, acquitted himself with honors.
But whv enter into details? Could the
afternoon have failed to be charming
when there were present youth and
beauty, pretty children, fine horses and
cunning ponies? Among the hundreds
present were noticed: the L. L. Bakers,
Mrs. J. G. Kittle, Mrs. Wellington,
the Walter Deanes, Mrs. Eb. Scott,
Mrs. Ed Newhall and daughters, Mrs.
Laura Roe, Miss Christine Pomeroy,
Mr. Bee, Miss Sonntag. the William
Babcocks. Mr. and Mrs. Vincent Neale,
Hermann Oelrichs. the George Pinck
ards. Mrs. George Boyd. Mr. and Mra.
Arthur Page and the George Pages.
the rosy-hued drawing-room— artists,
lawyers, editors, physicians, diplomats
and business men, who strolled about
in easy manner, chatting cheerily and
quaffing punch Jovially, giving promise
thereby that the club will live.
As to the women, they are by nature
and education social beings, and natur
ally would cultivate such a club as the
clever Miss Robinson has created—
therefor* the problem, lay "with the
men. Would they come? Would they
get Into their clothes for evening func
tions? Now, right here lies the secret
of the successful launching— It having
gone . forth that members, both men
and women) should enjoy absolute lib
erty of dress. He who prefers to at
tend informal affairs In his sack suit
may do. so. w ith perfect impunity, even
as he may attend, his club in such at
tire. And thus will, many.busy men
and many busy artists and writers —
they who ". hold conventionalities , of
dress in contempt— be induced to add
their presence .to the aggregation of
wit, and wisdom. .
The question has arisen as to wheth
er the exponents of. theismart set will
attend -the^ club functions where they
will meet the. guest unconventional of
the. unelect Many believe .that those
with brain and culture enough to have
been invited 'to Join the; Sequoia will
fraternize freely, with 'the scribblers
and music-makers and. artists who
compose a large percentage of the
club. -Time, of course, will tell the tale,
but the initial reception was indicative
of a good future. *. '
Clubs, not unlike individuals, must
needs have a- bank account, that a
prosperous career may 'be possible.
Therefore did the secretary, Mrs. Al
bert Gerberding, open up accounts with
a checkbook and its accessories, and
lo! a ; goodly pile ; of yellow pieces lay
comfortably upon her desk as dues and
initiation fees. "
On June 15 the' charter closes, 'when
the initiation fee will be raised.
On Saturday evening; tne little church
of St. Raphael again was the scene of
a pretty, wedding, when Miss Ersilla
Sartori, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. T.
Sartorl, became the bride of Alfred
Enrico Sbarboro, son of Andrea Sbar
boro, the prominent banker and leader
The ceremony was performed by Dr.
Voorsahger at the home:, of; the . bride
on Pacific avenue, which'* was arrayed,
nook and; corner, with; blossoms .and
palms. The bride was .gowned- ;in> an.
exquisite robe of liberty satin and old,
point lace, wearing a veil, and carrying
a bouquet of rare orchids. She .was at
tended by Miss Helen • Schwabacher,
Miss Helen. -Bremer, .;Mlss • Fanny
Kahn, Miss Edna Schweitzer: and Miss,
Edna Hirschman, who i were \ smartly
gowned in chiffon frocks, of pink, green
and blue— prettily suggestive of the
radiant hues of the rainbow.
Dr. and Mrs. Lederman j will make
their home . in Gotham, where the
groom Is a practicing physician.
At. 6 o'clock on "Wednesday evening
Miss Linda Llebes, the charming
daughter of Mr. and Mrs." Isaac Liebes,
became the bride of Dr. E. D. j Leder
man of New York. . . :\ : - •
After a reception at the Occidetal
Hotel, where Miss Hayward has made
her home with her father and sister for
some years, the young folks departed
on a post-nuptial trip to the south.
was wedded to Frank H. Butler, son
of the well known merchant, P. F.
Butler. Archbishop Montgomery unit
ing the pair.
The bride is a maid of charming per
sonality, having gone but little in so
ciety, caring more for the pleasures of
travel and the cultivation of a coterie
of friends to her lil.lng. •
Mr. Butler is well known as- a clever
fellow in business matters, and .is pos
sessed of agreeable social' accomplish
ments.- ¦'
On the ISth the young physician
will meet Miss Josephine in Paris,
•when they will both proceed to • Ger-
Among the wanderers from home
whose peregrinations are tracked by
many friends are the Misses Tillman—
Louise and Josephine— the latter
abroad with her brother, '¦ Dr. Tilden
Tillman.
The wedding will occur this month,
but will be a quiet affair In deference
to the wishes of Mrs. Tisdale.
Mr. "Weeks, though a New York man,
has become thoroughly imbued with
the beauties of California and the
charm of her women has won him.
Among the avalanche of betrothals
recently announced that of Miss
Blanche Tisdale, daughter of Mrs. W.
de Witt Tisdale, and Charles Peter
Weeks; Is of special interest. Miss Tis
dale, who is a sister of Mrs. Edgar
Bryant, is one of the Gaxden City's
fairest maids — vivacious, clever and a
daring horsewoman.
That's not a bad story going the
rounds of the Gotham clubs at the ex ?
pense of Reggie Vanderbilt, he who
wedded the piquant Miss "Wilson-
Stepping into a hansom in front of
the Holland House, • he called to the
driver: "Say, drive me over to my un
cle's. In a hurry, will you?" "Certainly,
sir," said cabby, who, meanwhile, was
doing some tall thinking. Touching his
whip to the horse,. away he, went, with
the usual New York haste, and halted
at a famous Sixth avenue pawnbro
ker's. Glancing out the window, the
situation dawned upon Reggie, who
pushed up the trap with his cane and
gave cabby his uncle's address, re
marking, with a grin: "I don't need
this sort of a place— yet."
And so even a Vanderbilt hath need
sometimes of explaining his identity.
with pleasure by those who met con
genial spirits at the last affair.
• • • *
The reception of the Sequoia Club on
Tuesday night at the SL Francis was
a refutation of the ¦ old charge that
men — men of affairs— could not be in
duced to attend functions that necessi
tate effort, either in dress or in con
duct. Now, on Tuesday . night there
was a charming gathering of men in
• .- • ¦ •
.The wedding was a pretty affair — Just
such a feast of blossoms and maidenly
beauty as only a suburban town may
know.
In the civic and commercial life of San
Francisco. ¦
At St. Mary's CatheflraV, on the
same night, Miss Edna Hayward,
daughter of Captain H. M. Hayward,
After the reception Mr. and Mrs.
Dunn left for the south, where they
will remain two weeks.
four happy pairs of- lovers were
wedded, the Sorosis Club rooms being
the scene of one pretty ceremony,
where Miss Edna Mabelle Lee, daugh
ter of Mrs. Frank Lorlgan, became the
bride, of "William Franklin Dunn,' the
Rev. Father P. B. Lynch performing
the service. . '
Charles S. Aiken, the clever editor
of Sunset Magazine, Is the man at the
helm of affairs of the club, having
been elected to the presidency at the
initiatory meeting at the Hittell home
in early May.
My! but what a lot of lions were at
that first gathering! Yes, and there
were a few at the reception on Tues
day night, but the lateness of the so
cial year precludes the. presence of
many of the smart set arid of the art
ist folk, many of the latter being off
sketching. .
The next meeting will be anticipated
THE SAN FRANCISGOV CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 190*.
THE SMART SET SEISES UPON
"THE SIMPLE LIFE"
20LONDON, June 11..— Something be
tween £15,000 and £25,000 has baen lost
at bridge by a young Conservative
member of Parliament while playing
with some of his fellow-members.
Bridge Is prohibited within the pre
cincts of the House, although there is
reason to believe that surreptitious
fames sometimes so in corners of the
Gambles Away a Fortune.
CHINA EXPRESSES REGRET.
Mnrder of Etzcl.
Will Make Amends for the Wanton
WASHINGTON, June 11.— Secretary
Hay to-day received a call from Chow
Tszchi, the first secretary ot the
Chinese Legation here, who expressed
the , deep regret of his Government at
the reported killing, near , Newchwang
of the "American newspaper correspon
dent,' Etzel, by Chinese soldiers. The
legation has no -details, but
was able to assure Secretary Hay that
the Chinese - Government ; would make
all proper amends for the unfortunate
affair if the reports were' true.
War News Continued on Page ' 23.
DAUGHTER KILLS FATHER
TO SAVE i HER MOTHER
Eleven- Year-Old [• Child of . A. \V.
. Jenkins Shoots Hhn" for Beating ¦
'"V ¦/: ;¦•—^HlsAVlfe^;./ y-~ ; f*/
? NORTON, Kan.; June .11. —^A.* WV
Jenkins, living six miles east of-Nor
ton," while 'beating his, wife to-day was
shot* dead ' ; by .'his j 11-year-old-daugh
ter. Jenkins was no doubt insane;- as
he V had joften j threatened to kill his
whole family. • \ • -j ¦'
BURGLAR'S' VISIT- CAUSES
- THE DEATH OF A -WIDOW
Mrs. Branney Fails to Recover From
Faint Caused by Sight of ¦
Intruder.
RAHWAT, X. J.. ;June 11.—^Mrs.
Murray Branney, widow of "William
Branney, died here to-day, her death
being due to" fright caused by' a burg
lar's visit: Mrs. Branney was retiring
when the thief entered her sleeping
room uiiil she fell in a faint. She had
been hysterical a greater part of' the
time and physicians failed to relieve
her. " '•
Continued on Pace 22. Column 4.
LONDON, June 11.— The slump in
imported cigarettes ' from the United
States following upon the new duties
imposed by Austin Chamberlain in his
Tlrst>budget is very marked. In the
Board of Trade returns for May, Just
Issued, the value of the cigarettes im
ported during May only amounted to
$1020 and for the five months following
May $4575, whereas last year the. value
of the cigarettes imported from the
United States In May -was $22,280 and
for five months $77,055. In May this
year the Imports of stemmed tobacco
reached $2,248,855, -against $2,948,853
last .year, and unstemmed tobacco
was .imported to the value of $5j)4,125,
against ? 2 S 9, 3 1 5 " last year.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 190*. by the New York
Herald Publishing; Company.
Slump Follows Introduction of the
Tariff on Paper Cigars Imported
• . - by Great Britain. •
CHAMBERLAIN'S NEW* DUTIES
HURT CIGARETTE MARKET
% WASHINGTON, June 11. — Presi
dent Roosevelt to-day announced the
appointment of William E. Cochrane,
now xhlef postoffice inspector, to be
purchasing agent of the Postoffice Dc-.
partment, an office created at the last!
session of Congress. The appointment
takes effect June 1. The salary of the
office is $5000 per year. Cochrane's
successor, has not yet been selected.
President Names Inspector as ; Pur
chasing Agent at Salary of
.... $5000 a Year.- ?£ r +«
NEW" POSITION IS GIVEX"
¦ ' TO WILLIAM E. COCHRANE
Inventor Parsons Is at' Work on a
Valve That Will Produce
Unrivaled t Notes.'
Special Cable to The -Call and New Yorfc Her
ald. Copyright 190*. by the New YorJt
Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON, Jun« 11.— C. A. Parsonja,
son of Lord Rossle and famous as the
Inventor of the turbine engine, has re
cently been devoting some of his ener
gies to the devising of a little valve
called an auxetohone, which,\ applied
to a phonograph, endows the latter in
strument wiih extraordinary power
and purity of tone.
It is asserted for this valve that it
can be attached to a "bellyless" vio
lin from which by Its agency can be
produced a tone unrivaled by the best
Instruments made by Amati " and
Stradivarlus.
PROMISES TONE AND POWER
TO MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald Copyright. 1904, by the New -York
I Herald, Publishing Company. -
' LONDON. , June -11. —A pearl .cave,
where more than $5,000,000 worth of
pearls are to be seen on- view," will
be one of the chief attractions at the
great bazaar : in Albert Hall in aid
of the Victoria Hospital for Children.
It will be in the form of a rock cave,
•with the pearls set into the stone
work of -the walla... The jewel stall,
too, : will .be. of enormous value and
nearly ?250,000._ worth of . precious
stones will be* laid out for inspection.
Novel Exhibit -\ Promised ' for the
London •Bazaar. in Aid of. the ,
"Victoria .Hospital. . : '
PEARLS WORTII^PIVE MILLIOX
DOLLiARS IN CAVE WALLS
It is still on, the schedule for Corte.l- ;
you to re-enter 'the^Cab:net as Post
master General, should Payne carry
out his intention of retiring on account
of his health! = ' ¦ '. •
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, June 1L— It is stated
on high authority ; that the President
has selected a successor to Cortelyou
for the portfolio of - commerce and
labor, and. that the appointment will
be made upon Cortelyotrs, election on'
July 1 to the chairmanship of 'the na
tional committee. v ' r . ¦'¦ .
Speculation has_ it that Representa
tive .Victor Metcalf of California Is to
be the man, t but this cannot be con
firmed. - :'' :
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
AlameM Man May
Be Successor of j
Cortelyou.
William Spencer Bateman ' Hanbury.
third TJSron Bateman of the United
Kingdom, succeeded to the title, in 1901..
His father was formerly Jord in wait
ing to the late Queen ."\ ictoria, . Lord
Bateman was formerly a captain in
the Second Life Guards and served in
Egypt in the campaign of 18S2 and was
awarded a medal.
Mrs. Knapp has been in Europe for
several months and she arrived here
only to-day. Her marriage to ' Lord
Bateman will take "place In London
some time next month, and as soon as
some business affairs are arranged she
will return to England.
NEW YORK, June 11.— New York
society is greatly interested in the an
nouncement from London that another
American woman is to become a peer
ess of Great Britain, j The marriage
engagement of Lord. Bateman of Shob
don Court (Herefordshire) to Mrs.
Henry C Knapp is announced/
Mrs. Knapp is a beautiful woman,
formerly Miss* Mar ion Graham,'daugh
ter of James J. Graham of San Fran
cisco. She has lived in this city but a
few years and has a splendidly ap
pointed house at No. 5 East Eighty
eecond street, which is filled with
works of art. r
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The telegraph news for Monday's Is
sue, sen?; from Poldhu, consisted of war
news; items from America, telling of
the Kansas floods, the shooting of
"Caesar" Young, and Wall street in
telligence. It reported that "the Cor
oner had committed 'Nan" Patterson,
a former actress, to the Tombs, with
out bail," The "local" news contained
the story of the ship's sailing, extracts
from ' the log, a line on the weather
and items about the church service of
the day before and the- daily run.
The news for Thursday's edition was
supplied by Poldhu, Cape Breton amd
Cape Cod, but Poldhu furnished no
matter .for . Friday's papeiv For to
day's "extra," items were received from
the Nantucket lightship. Telegrams,
•between Lord Inverclyde and Signor
Marccnl were interchanged during the
voyage./ .^i^
NEW YORK, June 11.— With the aid
of Signor Marwni, the Cunard line es
tablished the Cunard Daily Bulletin, a
daily ocean newspaper, on the Cam
pania, which arrived here to-day. Sig
nor Marconi came on the Campania to
see that his new and powerful receiv
ers worked all right, ana said he was
thoroughly satisfied with the venture.
The Bulletin is an eight-page paper.
The first three and last two pages were
"plate" matter, with tlie fourth and
fifth pages devoted to news, tele
graphic and local, and the sixth to a
collection , of headed,
"Smokeroom Gossip."
Special Dispatch to Th? Call
NEW YORK, June 11.— That "Cae
sar" Youn/, the bookmaker, who was
killed a week ago to-day in a cab as he
was riding with "Nan" Patterson, shot
himself accidentally with a revolver
which he was wresting from Mrs. Pat
terson, who had threatened to commit
suicide,' was the theory of his death
advanced to-day by the police. This
new theory, and consequent .theory of
the innocence of the actress, was an
nounced by a police captain who has
been* working on the case.
"""I think," said the^ captain, "that
Young shot himself, accidentally as he
was trying to get frtfm'tne woman a
revolver which she had drawn with the
idea of committing suicide. That
means, of • course,-* that she Is innocent
of any Intention of killing him. The
stories of some of the men who saw
the cab and Young and Mrs. Patterson
in it -almost immediately after the
shooting bear out this theory.
- ; "That" Young and 'Nan' Patterson
cared a • great deal for each other, I
think". Is apparent. It is not remarka
ble, then,' thaVMrs! Patterson "contem
plated' suicide.
' "This "theory also accounts for the
nature, of the -•wound In Young's body
and the course of the bullet."
¦ Those 'who are in charge of "the po
lice 'end'- of ' the case will-' ask for the
woman's discharge from custody-when
she Is again taken before. the Coroner
on Monda'y- • - *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Yashlma is a first-class battle
ship of 12,300 tons displacement. She
was built In 'England, was completed
in 1897, Is heavily armored and carries
four twelve-inch guns, ten , six-inch
guns and twenty-four smaller guns.
Her estimated speed Is more than nine
teen knots-
ST. PETERSBURG, June , 11.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin is reversing . General
Kuroki's flanking movement north of
Saimatsze by sending troops from. Muk
den to turn Kuroki's right wing,
A rumor is current at the Admiralty
that the Japanese ship Yashima is on
the rocks near Port Arthur. ' Rumors
that the Yashima' had been lost have
been circulated repeatedly since June 8,
when it was reported she had been
sunk by a mine off Tallenwan. Other
reports said the battleship Shiklshima,
and not the Yashlma, had been sunk
oft* Talienwan.1 " ; .-.' : > '-t* -•-¦
Rt\ssinn Admiralty Hears of Disaster
to Japanese Vessel.
WARSHIP REPORTED ASHORE.
The Viedomosti, of . which Prince
Oukhtomsky, who Is now sojourning in
the United States, Is the editor, has re
ceived a second warning for "gratuit
ously disturbing public opinion" ' by
printing a report that some Moscow
merchants had subscribed to a Japa
nese loan. A' third warning will result
in the suspension of the publication of
the paper.
The Novoe > Vremya, discussing ' the
report that the submarine boat Protect
or had been shipped from Newport
News, Va., for Japan, expresses the
hope that the United States Govern
ment will make a detailed explanation
of why the boat was allowed to leave
the United States.*
ST. PETERSBURG. June 11.— The
Russky Invalid, concluding an article
on the military situation in the Far
East, inclines to the belief that fighting
has already occurred in front of Port
Arthur and that the Japanese sustained
a reverse. ¦ •
Been Defeated at Port Arthur.
Army Journal Believes Enemy Has
RUSSIAN". PRESS . OPINION.
Former San Francis
can Will Marry :
in England.
Passengers Keep in
Touch With the
World.
CABINET
PLACE FOR
METCALF
PolM-Gpnidn Ex
onerates "Nan"
Patterson.
MRS. KNAPP
TO BE BRIDE
OF A BARON
"WIRELESS"
NEWSPAPER
ON A LINER
ACCIDEITAL
DEATH NOW
THE THE0RY
ARMY OFFICER WHO WITU LIEUTENANT W. W. WHITE WAS FORCED TO
RESIGN FROM THE THIRTEENTH INFANTRY. NOW STATIONED AT AN
GEL. ISLAND. ON ACCOUNT OF PARTICIPATING IN ORGIE THERE.
COMMANDER OF THE TROOPS COX
DUCTINO SEARCH FOR STRIKE
RIOTERS IN COLORADO.
The movement of the Japanese along
the sea is being. closely watched.. They
are proceeding from Takushan to the
southwest, • following the coast, evi
¦dently reckoning oh the co-operation of
their fleet. -
TOKIO, June 11.— With the line of
battle closely .co-ordinated and the re
serves assembled at convenient bases,
the Jaoanese are moving steadily for
ward against the Russians in the di
rection of Liaorang and Mukden. The
advance was delayed some days after
preparations were complete In the hope
that Kuropatkin might be ordered
southward by the authorities in St.
Petersburg. That hope, always ex
tremely faint, has utterly disappeared,
and the islanders purpose to take the
offensive with all the vigor practicable.
CHEFU, June 12. — Chinese arrfving
froiti Port Arthur say that a battle* was
fought June 9, within seven niiles of
the innfer forts of Port Arthur. The
Japanese fleet supported the Japanese
army from the east coast of Liaotung
peninsula. Conditions in Port "Arthur
are said to be unchanged.
TIENTSIN, June 12.— It is.Veported
that the Chunchus are strongly organ
izing in the district of Hemmingtung
and Koupangtzu, v with the; object *pf
wrecking the Ttussiari- Railway.^' The
bandits are said. to be. 2000 in number,
divided into threeibodies and led by
five Japanese. 5 The -Russians evacuated
the 'districts >tfn Junere. *•'. ;.''.' " S?SS
LIAOYANG, Friday, June 10.— The
Japanese are constructing ; a railway
from* FengwahgcKeng; to • Shakdednl,
thirty miles to the southeast,; near the
mouth "of the Yalu, River. J :
S:>eclal .Dispatch to Ths Call.
Chinese Refugees Tell of a Battle
Wiihin Seven Miles of Port
Arthur.
TOPEKA, Kans., June 11.— Governor
Bailey has notified his* office here that
he will be back trom St. Louis to-mor
row to - take charge of any develop
ments that may. arise from the action
of the Colorado authorities In dump
ing the deported miners into this State.
Sheriff Brady of Hamilton County
was notified this afternoon that he
should not take any further aggres
sive action against the Colorado miners
so long as they obeyed "the laws of the
State and conducted themselves prop
erly.
. W. J<* Black, general passenger and
ticket ajrent^of the Santa Fe. has. been ¦
notified" that* the miners will have . to
depend upon the farmers for their
food. The region where they were put
oft^the train "is very sparsely settled.,
and it will /be no easy matter for the
residents to care for them properly.
From Colorado.
Will Not Bar the Union Men Deported
These were supposed to be the men
who are alleged to be a menace to the
welfare and safety of the good people
of the county and a hindrance to the
restoration of peace and good order
and their arrest was ordered as a mili
tary necessity.
This afternoon the Aldermen of the
town of Goldfleld, who were under mil
itary confinement, were brought over
from Victor under guard. Contrary to
expectations there was no trouble. The
Aldermen resigned and In their places
the following ..were elected: Emmott
Hill. Frank Seeley, D. P. Whitney, G.
H. Corbln. J. P. Kerrln was appointed
City Treasurer.
The resigned Aldermen were released
from custody at the close of the Coun
cil meeting. The- majority of them
have anounced their intention of leav
ing the district voluntarily.
The reopening' of the mines continues
and by the enlSof next week practical
ly every mine conforming to the mili
tary necessity restriction will be work
ing full force. j
kaxsas Offers a ha vex.
In following up the determination to
exterminate the Western Federation
from -the district, root and branch.
General Bell, as military commander of
the district, to-day issued a proclama
tion similar in wording and intent to
that concerning the Portland mine and
directed to the operators of the Pride of
the Cripple Creek District mine and the
Winchester and Morgan leases.
MORE -MIXES ARE CLOSED.
"We have evidence that will legally
hang five and possibly double that
number, and imprison enough to fill the
penitentiary. We have unearthed a
state of things that the public will b«
slow to believe, that we were ourselves
appalled at. even knowing as we have
that they were bad. As we would be
doing the public a wrong to turn these
people loose upon it. they must be pol
ished, and will be, now that the laws
are enforced."
To-morrow -another trainload of un
desirable men will be deported. This
promises to be. the largest shipment yet
made and there probably will not be
another until the middle of next week,
when it is understood another and last
deportation will be made.
Of those retained for prosecution by
the court, the Jail is full to overflowing.
One of the court of inquiry, speaking of
this to-day, said:
Among the men brought off Bull Hill
were the Coogan brothers. In whoso
cabin the military found rifles last
winter. Earl Reed, recording secretary
Of Free Coinage Union No. 19, also was'
arrested. Bailey and Stewart, two of
the men arrested tyj-day, were found in
a seventy-nve-foot shaft, where they
were hiding.
TO BE SENT INTO EXITiK.
All day long deputies searched the
hills and there are now confined in
the bullpen about twenty-five men.
Ten of these are- marked for immediate
deportation^ They are all Altman men
and were taken to-day by A. H. Rogers
and Frank Bennlck. two of Sheriff
Bell's- most trusted men.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo.. June 1L—
No action has yet been taken toward
recalling the troops in this district, and
none . is expected before Monday, or
even^&ier. However, Adjutant Gen
eral Sherman M. Bell has announced
that the troops will not be needed much
longer, as the civil authorities have
control of the situation and the people
are looking forward to a spee-., end of
military rule.
TROOPS SOON* TO LEAVE.
VICTOR, Colo., June 11. — Consider
able excitement was caused to-day by
firing 1 heard in the hills after Major
McClelland and a detail of soldiers and
deputies had left for Clyde Station
on the Short Line. It was reported
that another battle with the miners
was in progress. Investigation proved
that the firing was by some deputies
who were indulging, in target, practice
and that no fight had taken place. |
' CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON'.
WASHINGTON. June 11.— It has been
denied that the administration will not
interfere in Colorado unless the Legis
lature or the Governor requests it, and
then only upon the representation that
Colorado is powerless to cope with the
situation.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call
Lieutenant Smith at once requested
that his father. Colonel Allen Smith,
Sixth Cavalry, be sent for. Colonel
Smith, who is stationed at Fort Meade,
Nebraska, immediately responded to
his son's request and arrived in town
yesterday. He at once called epon Gen
eral MacArtbur.
Lieutenant Smith graduated from
West Point in 1503. He comes of a
family of army people. His father and
his grandfather are army men, and his
brother. Lieutenant Alien Smith Jr., is
in the Third Infantry.
Lieutenant White is not a West Point
man, but received his commission
through the influence of his father.
Colonel Markley is greatly upeet over
the different incidents that have hap
pened during his command here of the
Thirteenth Infantry. The scandal of
the Roblchon cast was much deplored
by him. This was quickly followed by
the earlier escapades of Lieutenants
White and Smith., and later by their
outbreak of indecency that will doubt
less terminate their careers as officers
of Uncle Sam's army. Close on the
heels of this affair, which was kept
quiet for eome days, came the shock
ing suicide of one of Colonel Mark
ley's most respected captains, Freder
ick S. Wild. The colonel's bed is not
«ae of roses. ¦ • • •
Boon after this Lieutenants Smith
and White called upon Colonel Mark
ley and tried to offer an explanation
for their extraordinary conduct. The
colonel refused to permit any discus
sion of the matter, as their actions had
been too flagrant. This ended the af
fair so far as Colonel Markley was con
cerned. ' >,'• .
Next morning all kinds of report*
were handed to Colonel Markley.' He
Immediately summoned the two officers
before him and requested them for
their own self-preservation to hand in
their resignations.- This they took un
der consultation. In the meantime the
two women who had taken part in the
orgy wandered down to the dock in
the most nonchalant manner and took
the eteamer McDowell back to San
Francisco.
TRIED TO EXPLAIN'.
White passed them through the lines
and they at once proceeded to his
quarters. About this time Lieutenant
Smith Joined in the festivities. Un
fortunately for Lieutenant White, his
house was in a long row, in prox
imity to those of the ether officers.
The early part of the evening's enter
tainment passed off quietly enough, but
as the night wore on and the Joyous
nees of the sparkling wines they Imbibed
was communicated to the merry-mak
ers laughter became unrestrained and
the peace of the little fort was for the
nonce turned into a mild pandemonium.
The orgy Is reported to have lasted
until the "wee small hours."
Beinj young men of convivial spirit
they soon formed a close friendship.
Joint visits to the city generally ended
in sprees. Both got a reputation as
hard drinkers. It is reported that
erasetJmes the sprees iaete3< toaxezjtt,
five days. Reveilles "were not answered
and, In fact, the commanding officer
fc- I often to reprimand them for this
Offense. The climax came, however,
when they introduced the women into
their quarters.
As is -well known, no person is al
lowed to land upon Angel Island with
out a written order from the command
ant of the island or an order from the
general commanding the department.
The two women in question hired a
launch and boldly sailed up to the Mc-
Dowell dock, where they were received
by Lieutenant "White, who, at that
time, was ofHcer of the day.
Lieutenants "White and Smith im
mediately handed in their resignations.
It now rests with General MacArthur
whether he will indorse them and hand
them to the President or will demand
a trial by court-martial here.
Lieutenants Smith and White were
ordered out to Angel Island about four
months ago. Smith went to the dis
charge camp and White to the post at
Fort McDowelL
The climax in recent army sensa
tions is presented by the forced resig
nations, now in General MacArthur*s
hands, of Lieutenants Charles W.
Smith and \Y. W. White, stationed at
Fort McDowell, Angrcl Is-land. The
resignations followed a long: course
of riotous dissipation^, ending in a
grievous insult to the post-
Colonel Markler, commander c-f the
Thirteenth Infantry, at Angel Island,
is a very forbearing man, but he had
to draw the Hne when Lieutenants
Smith and White one night last week
brought women Into the camp and in
dulged in s.n orgy that stirred the
quiet post of Fort McDowell into a
frenzy of excitement and indignation.
The serial c«.-!or.cl could overlook a
treat deal in a young officer who came
over to town and quaffed the flowing
bowl to the limn, but returned to an
swer roll call. Perhaps he could, and
did, condone the lack of strict attention
to even this regulation form of early
morning duty.
The colonel, however, put his foot
down squarely at the final insult to
the pott and to the army and told the
offenders that there was only one
course for them to pursue. That was
their resignations cr their trials before
a court-martial.
OFFENDERS RESIGNED. '
Officers Pay Dearly
for Insult to
Post
Jirrest and Deporta»
tio'n of Miners
Continue.
Jingel Island Orgie
Causes Great
. Scandal
Government J\[ot to
Jict Unless State
is Powerless.
Gives Up the Hope of Luring
Kuropatkin From His;
Stroneliold.
KuroM's Army Is
. Moving Upon <
Liaoyang.
JAPANESE
ADVANCING
TO ATTACK
TWO YOUNG LIEUTENANTS
FORCED TO RESIGN FROM ARMY
NO FEDERAL INTERFERENCE
IN THE COLORADO SITUATION
THIS TZTXATZBS.
Alc>xar — "Under Two TUff."
California — "Secret Service."
Central— "Ti« 7«ddler. M Xatl
nte to-day.
C3m:e» — Vandrrille. .
Fischer's— "T7. 3."/
Orpheum — Vaudrrnie. Statiasa
to-day.
TlToli— "Serywat Xitty."
THX WEA.TKX2L.
T or*cert mad* *t Baa JPnm
cUoo lor thirty boon «a<Ua«r
sxlflsifbt, Jua» 12, 19041
Suql Tnuidsoo «aA Tletaitjr— -
Tiix Sunday, oeoler SoaiUy
alrbt; Urit aorta winds,
cJiaagUsf to -westerly.
A. O. XoASSBt
District ror*CMt«r.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY^ JUNE 12, JM-fepAGES '21 TO' 34.
VOLUME XCVI— NO12.
The San Francisco Call.PUEBLO, Colo.. June 11.— Gilbert P.
Dodge, a livery keeper, shot and killed
his wife and Mrs. Maud McKinney on
the principal business street of- this
city to-night. The women were sitting
in a carriage In front of a flsh market.
Dodge dismounted from a horse on
which he was riding, shot one woman
in the head and the other in the heart
and then tried to kill himself but did
not succeed. He was disarmed by the
police.
Mrs. McKiney\is said to have been
the wife of Charles McKinney of Crip
ple Creek, who was under arrest on the
charge of being one of the men who
wrecked the Short Line train bearing
non-union miners some months ago*
The case dragged through the courts
for some months and several weeks
ago the case against McKinney was
nolled in the courts at Cripple Creek.
«In a statement. Dodge said be meant
to kill his wife and her companion, be'
causo his wife had been untrue and the
woman with her was responsible for
leading her astray.
Tragedy Occurs in Business
Center While Victims Are
Seated in a Carriage
FALLS AT SUICIDE
Jealous Husband Takes the
Lives of Two Women
on a Street of Pueblo
MURDERS WIFE
AND COMPANION
DENVER, June 11. — The, last com
pany of troops remaining in Las Anl
mas County, where martial law was
called off last • Sunday by Governor
Peabody, was recalled from Trinidad
to-day. Quiet prevails throughout the
coal fields, but the- strike still con
tinues.. . ' . .- .
Los Anlmos. County Quiet.
The Santa Fe will be asked not to let
any more men off the train at that
point. .If they must come to this State
it Js the wish of the Kansas people
that they be brought farther east.
I The Kansas officials are united In
the opinion that Sheriff Brady made a
mistake in sending the men back, as
there is no law to warrant his action.
If any lawless acts are committed by
.the miners, say the. officials, the Kan
sas laws can be easily, enforced; but
.the men cannot be prevented coming
to the State.
William B. Kennedy, alias Richard
Jackson, alias "Yellow," who was in
dicted by the Grand Jury on the last
day of - its . sessions on the- charge of
murder in with. the killing
of Policeman Eugene, C. Robinson on
the morning , of . January 21, 1902,
was arraigned before 'Judge Lawlor
yesterday. Attorney*. 'Newburg made
a motion to set aside the indictment
and the case was continued for argu
ment till June 18. At Newburg's re
quest Assistant District Attorney Fer
ral was disqualified from -prosecuting
the case 'and District Attorney Bying
ton will conduct the prosecution.
Kennedy Bobs Up 'Again.
If the new system works a man may
stand In the middle of the Sahara and
by means of an Inexpensive instru
ment bo small that It may be carried in
a vest pocket receive news of events
in New York.
An investigation Is to be made by
the Brewery Workers' Union for the
purpose of learning the names of all
retail merchants who In any manner
aid the Citizens* Alliance.
Resolutions demanding the abolition
of the »State poll tax and the exemp
tion of personal property to the
amount of 1200 from* assessment were
adopted by • the Coopers' Union at its
last meeting.
Contributions to the striking Hack
men's Union from sympathizing or
ganizations were received as follows:
Labor Council, , $100; Brewery Work
ers, $50.
Labor . Union . Notes.
SAN DIEGO, June 11.— Frank
Bruschl, a well-known grocer, was ar
rested this morning by Deputy United
States Marshal Place on a charge of
smuggling horses across the' Mexican
line. He was arraigned and released
on $500 bail.
Grocer Is Accused of Smuggling.
SANTA ROSA, June 1L— The annual
reunion of the Iowa, Illinois and Wis
consin associations of Sonoma County
took place to-day in a grove near Se
bastonol. J. B. Crawford was president
of the day and R. L. Thompson orator.
There was a large attendance.
Hold Reunion Near SebastopoL
From a stage point of view a divorce
without publicity is worse than mar
riage.
SANTA ROSA, June 1L— An infor
mation was filed in the Superior Court
to-day charging.,, Henry Maximilian
with the murder of George Juan near
Healdsburg. The defendant shot Juan
through the head.
Must Answer Charge of Murder.
Splendid work by the fire department
saved the W. T. Ellis block on the
west and the brick block on the south.
Many men are thrown out of employ
ment by the burning of the planing
mill. ,
All the bu£ldlnj?s destroyed were old
landmarks and doubt is expressed as
to their being rebuilt. Swain & Hud
son's loss will amount to $40,000, with
$S400 insurance. Nothing was saved.
The theater, owned by the W. C
Swain estate, was erected In 1864 at a
cost of $3300; insured for $2500. The
origin of the fire is unknown.
MARTSVILLE, June 11.— A fire that
originated on the second floor of Swain
& Hudson's planing mill, located at
the corner of D and First streets, right
In the heart of the business portion of
Maryjrville. completely devastated the
half block brick structure and also con
sumed the Marysville Theater and sev
eral buildings in the Chinese quarter,
all of brick. The loss will reach more
than $50,000, partly covered by insur
ance. The alarm was turned in at
11:<5 Friday night, but not until 5
o'clock this morning was the fire de
partment able to leave the scene.
Planing Mills, a Theater and Several
Brick Buildings in the Chinese
Quarter Are Destroyed.
MARYSTTLLE SUFFERS
HEAVY LOSS BY FIRE
SAN LUIS OBISPO. June 11.— After
a trial lasting eight days a jury in the
Superior Court to-day brought In a
verdict of net guilty, thereby clearing
George Roberts of the murder of Henry
Lewelling. Roberts shot Lewelling at
Arrcyo Grande on March 28. The Jury
believed that Roberts had acted in
felf defense.
Acquitted of Charge of Murder.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo.. June 11.
General Sherman M. Bell to-day made
the following statement for publica
tion:
"I have indisputable evidence in my
possession which will lead to the con
viction of union men for the murder
of non-union miners who were killed
in the Independence explosion. We
have between thirty-five and forty
men In the bullpen who will swing for
this crime. We are only waiting to
capture three or four men before we
tell what our evidence Is."
Bell Declares Independence Dynamit
ers Are In Bullpen."
CLAIMS TO HAVE MURDERERS.
SANTA ROSA. June 11. — Daniel
Hendley of this city, aged 83 years,
has found a brother at Henre, Texas.
He had not heard from his brother or
any relative for more than half a cen
tury and supposed that he was alone
in the world. He will Join his brother,
who Is wealthy, in the Lone Star
State.
Finds Brother Living In Texas.
Tennis Championship for 3Iiss Hall.
NEW YOR"K, June 1L— Playing up to
her best tennis form and verifying the
predictions of experts who witnessed
her defeat of Miss E. A. Moore, in the
semi-finals on Friday, Miss Miriam
Hall of San Francisco won first prize
in the women's singles for the metro
politan championship to-day at the
West Side Tennis Club courts. Miss
Hall's opponent was Miss Helen
Homan. Miss Hall showed exception
ally clever work and won the match
by a score of 9-7. 6-4.
To-morrow will be devoted to prize I
turning and prize einglng, as well as to ¦
sightseeing, closing with a grand ball j
at night. !
The ladies who accompanied the
visitors went directly to Turner Hall,
on Second street, where a lunch had
been spread for them.
Mayor Frary delivered the address of
welcome on behalf of the city of San
Diego, and Rudolph Damarus spoke
for the local Turners.
BAN DIEGO, June 11.— The Southern
California Saengerfest opened this
afternoon upon the arrival of * train
load of Turners from Los Angeles.
Delegations from the other southern
towns arrived to-night and were met
at the depot by the San Diego Turners.
There was a parade through the prin
cipal streets.
GATHERING OF TURNERS
IN CITY OF SAN DIEGO
LEADVILLE, T?olo. t - June 12, mid
night.—A special to the Herald-Demo
crat from Parachute Eays that deputies
have the Rio Grande bandits surround
ed in a cabin and that their escape is
impossible.
GLENWOOD SPRINGS, Colo., June
11.— The bandits who held up the Rio
Grande train at Parachute last Tues
day have escaped, for the time at least.
How they, eluded the large posse which
was supposed to surround them is not
known, and until late this afternoon It
was supposed they were still in the
neighborhood of Divide Creek.
During the afternoon; however, wcrd
was received by the Sheriff from Wil
liams ranch, Just below Rifle, that two
men, having the appearance of the rob
bers, had been seen going westward on
horseback. Shortly before 6 o'clock
another message was received saying
the men were at McGulrk's ranch,
three miles east of Parachute, and that'
they were securing provisions and
fresh mounts. -
A epeclal train with a large posse at
once started for Parachute, while word
was sent ahead to have mounts ready
and to alarm the residents of the lo
cality.
Continued From. Page. 21, Column 7.
DENVER, June 11.— The executive
board of the Western Federation of
Miners to-day Issued a statement re
garding the situation in Cripple Creek
in reply to the statements . made by
General Sherman M.. Bell and Secre
tary C. C. Hamlin of the Cripple Creek
District Mine Owners' Association. It
is in part as follows:
. "The cause of the strike of the West
ern Federation of Miners in Colorado
is one of longstanding and involves the
failure on the part of mine managers
in various parts of the State to live up
to their own written agreements. As
far back as 18S4, as a result of the
strike at that time, the mine owners
agreed that eight hours should consti
tute a day's work, that the minimum
daily wage should be $3 and that there
should be no discrimination against un
ion men in the hiring and discharge of
labor. At the outset of the present
trouble Manager McNelll of the Stand
ard mill, at Colorado City, peremptor
ily discharged forty-five men, members
of the Western Federation of Miners,
for no other reason, than that they had
become union men. All of these were
old employeSvOf from two to six years'
standing. Mlllmen are affiliated with
the Western Federation of Miners and
are entitled to all of the protection that
goes with such membership.
QUESTIONS AT ISSUE.
"To-day the only questions involved
are the enforcement of the eight-hour
day and the right of men to organize
into unions and to prevent discrimina
tion against union men of all kinds.,
"The responsibility for the lawless
ness connected with the contest rests
entirely on the shoulders of the mine
operators, the Citizens' Alliance and
their allies, backed, up by the ready
power of -the State government. The
responsibility has been placed on these
persons v and organizations by District
Judge Theron Stevens, who denounced
the military usurpation In Telluride in
strong language from 'the bench; by
District Judge J. Walter Dlckson, Re
publican, who openly condemns Gov
ernor Peabody and severely criticizes
his acts involving the deportation of
men "from the State without trial or
other chance of hearing; by ex-G6v
ernor Charles 8. Thomas, who plainly
points to the Mine Owners' Association
and the Citizens' Alliance as being re
sponsible for the many outrages com
mitted on the persons of helpless and
Innocent miners: by the recent Demo
cratic State Convention, which de
nounced in scathing terms the line of
policy pursued. < ... i . : .
LIST OF GRIEVANCES.
NO FEDERAL INTERFERENCE,
. "The events of the present week in
the Cripple Creek district justify every
accusation contained above. The fol
lowing-crimes > Upon citizenship have
followed swiftly '.upon one another:
."The resignation! of Sheriff Robert
son of Teller County, forced by a mob
at the point. of a pistol and a coll of
rope; the forced resignation of Cor
oner Doran of Teller County, of the
City Marshal of Victor, \ of various
Aldermen and Justices of the Peace in
the district, and the entire official di
rectory of the city of Goldfleld; the
assault upon and demolition of the
Union Hall in Victor, forcible entrance
into four union co-operative stores and
destruction of the contents, destruc
tion of the Victor Daily Record by an
armed mob; Invasion of Dunnvllle,out
side the military lines, by an armed
force under military command; the
arrest of men at their work and in
carceration within the military lines;
hundreds of men confined in unsani
tary bullpens, forcible shutdown of
the great Portland mine, employing
union men, by order of the military
commandant on the plea of military
necessity, and the subsequent deporta
tion of the men therein employed.
NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR CRIME.
"Absolutely no death has ever oc
curred during the contest for which
the Western Federation of, Miners can
or ought to be held responsible.
"We are unfortunately forced to
abide by the acts of an unbridled mili
tary despotism that is driving our
members from pillar to post. Their
fortitude under the circumstances is
the marvel of th^/age and shows the
Western Federation of Miners is com
posed of the highest type of American
citizenship.
"Our attitude Is fully expressed by
the following telegram:
i"'Hon. Theodore Roosevelt, Presi
dent of the United States, Wash
ington, ~ D. C.: A duty devolves
upon you as President of the
United States to investigate the
terrible crimes that are being perpe
trated in Colorado in the name of law
and order. We will render every pos
sible assistance to the proper authori
ties in such investigation, to the end
that the people of the country may
realize the outrages that are being in
flicted on innocent persons by those
In temporary official- power.
" *W. D. Haywood, Secretary.' "
The exiles were a cheerless lot,,in
deed. Without even a light and miles
from the nearest habitation, they hud
dled together in groups on either side
of' the Santa Fe track and. discussed
their plight. Warned to move * east
ward',' on pain of being rearrested and
severely handled, and notified by the
Kansas authorities that '.they would
not be allowed 'ta seek refuge In that
State, the spirit of the men , broke.
Many of them walked back westward
on 'the railroad to Holly, the Salva
tion Army colony In Colorado, where
the charitable inhabitants provided
breakfast for them. Some of them
lat^r started to walk to Lamar, Colo.
Sheriff Jack Brady and forty depu
ties of Hamilton County were at the
State line to prevent the deported men
entering Kansas.
And no time was wasted. The spe
cial, which consisted of an, engine, a
combination baggage car and smoker
and two day coaches, had no sooner
come to a standstill than the car
doors were unlocked and thrown open
and the order given by Lieutenant
Cole for the exiles to leave the train.
"Step lively, you felltiws, step live
ly," admonished Deputy Benton, who
was in command of the civil forces
of the expedition, and in less time
than it takes to tell it the three cars
were emptied of their passengers and
the train was started on Its way back
to La Junta.
The men were dumped out on the
cheerless prairie without food or wa
ter, for the soldiers and deputies, in
their haste to get home,, had forgotten
to unload the small stock of commis
sary supplies the train carried when it
left Victor yesterday afternoon. "
. SPIRIT OF MEN" BREAKS..
WITHOUT POOD OR WATER.
. "Hurry up there, you fellows,"crled
Lieutenant Cole, when the train stop
ped in the midst of the alkali sand
dunes that dot the prairie In the vi
cinity of the eastern part of Powers
County near the Kansas line. "We
haven't got any time to waste out
here."
HOLLY, Colo., 'June 11. — "With a
parting volley of rifle bullets, flred
over their heads by the militia and
deputies to, warn them to "hike" east
ward as fast as their legs could carry
them and never again set foot on Col
orado soil, ninety-one union miners
from the Cripple Creek district were
unloaded from a special Santa Fe
train on the prairie this morning, one
half mile from the Colorado-Kansas
State line, and left to shift for them
selves. The exiles were disembarked
in haste and without ceremony. The
guards and deputies were tired out
and in ill humor from their long, te
dious trip from the Teller County gold
camp and were in n,o mood to extend
any special courtesies or kindness to
their unfortunate charges.
SYRACUSE, Kansas, June 11.— The
deported Colorado miners ¦ camped at
Holly to-night. Just across the Color
ado line. They were -notified to-night
that a special train would be sent to
take them all to Denver.
Sheriff Beceives Further
Tidings and Starts After
Bobbers on the Bailroad
PUBSUEBS AT A - LOSS
Left on a Bleak Prairie
Without Food or Water
Supply.
Accuses Mine Owners of
Continued Breaking of
Agreements.
Men Suspected of Train
Bobbery in Colorado Man
age to Make Their Escape
Deported- Men Are Taken
to the Kansas Line by
Troops.
Western Federation Issues
Statement Eegarding the
Situation. <
BANDITS ELUDE
A LARGE POSSE
EXILED MINERS, HUNGRY AND WEARY,
CAMP ON THE COLORADO BORDER
Night Shift at a Cripple
Creek Mine Fired Upon
From Ambush.
Infernal Machine Found in
Home of an Altman
Striker.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., June 11.— It
was said in General Bell's headquar
ters to-night that on Monday 150 v ar
reats will be made.
The night shift at Stratton's Inde
pendence mine was fired on by some un
known person as the men were going
from work. A man concealed below the
old camp at Goldfleld emptied a six
shooter into' the crowd, but hit no one.
Editor Klner of the Victor Record
said to-night he would get out his pa
per under military protection- He la
publishing only a handbill now to save
his title, but expects to have his plant
repaired in two weeks.
Deputies to-day found another in
fernal machine In the home of W. B.
Easterly at Altman. Easterly could
not be found and it is supposed he is
In Denver. The machine consists d of
an electric battery worked by means of
a pumping apparatus.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .SUNDAY, JUNE 12, '1904.
State Convention of Endeavorers.
SANTA ROSA, June 11. — State
President J. E. White of the Cali
fornia Christian Endeavor Union will
visit this city during thecomlng week
to see that the arrangements -for the
seventeenth annual session of the or
der are being carried, out properly.
The city will be gayly, decorated 'for
the convention, which will ; open June
29 and close July 3. .. ':¦¦'¦¦ •>:
The reception and ball tendered
last night in Native Sons' Hall by the
tribes of Red Men of the Improved
Order and councils of the Degree of
Pocahontas of this city, Oakland, Ala
meda and San Mateo to Great In
cohonee T. G. Harrison and Great
Chief of Records Wilson Brooks and
Mrs. Harrison and Mrs. Brooks was
attended by a large number of people.
The guests were welcomed by Past
Great Sachem F. D. Brandon and
each of the visitors responded briefly,
returning thanks for the hospitality
extended and expressing himself as de
lighted with the State, the people and
particularly the Red Men and the De
gree of Pocahontas. They were fol
lowed in a short, address by Joslah
Sims, great guard of the Great Coun
cil of the United States. The ball that
followed was under the direction of
Fred B. Swan and Edith Boyes, floor
managers.
To-morrow night the beautiful cere
mony of the Degree of Pocahontas will
be exemplified by Manzanlta' Tribe in
Union Square Hall.' before the Great
Incohonee and his wife, ¦ '
Members of Tribes and Councils of
This and Nearby Cities Greet
the Visitors.
INDIAN CHIEFS GIVEN
RECEPTION AND BALL
Another suit Is filed against Susie
C. Henrlcl and other heirs under the
Reinhardt will for $16,000 alleged to
be due to Hattie Ward. In the com
plaint the Goldman Company avers
that during his lifetime Relnhardt
promised to leave Hattie Ward $20,
000 in' his will, but bequeathed' her
only $4000.
On the assigned claim they sue for
the difference between the promise
and the bequest.
For twenty-three years' service as
"housekeeper, helpmate and agent"
Hattie Ward, through her assignees,
Ben J. Goldman & Co., seeks to re
cover 'J27, 600 from the estate of J. B.
Relnhardt, a deceased merchant.
Hattie Ward, it appears in the docu
ments which were filed in the Su
perior Court yesterday, is executrix
under decedent's will with Otto
•Lemcke. '
The claim she assigned to Goldman*
& Co. was approved by herself as
executrix, but . was rejected by
Lemcke. Hence the suit.
Iluttlo Ward Receives Only $4000 In
J. B. Rclnbardt's Will — Assigns
Claim for More,
MANY YEARS' SERVICE
BASIS OF SUIT FOR PAY
22
ADVEBTISEMEijTS.
Scrofula
Makes its presence known
by many signs, -glandular
tumors, bunches in the neck,
cutaneous eruptions, in-
flamed eyelids, sore ears,
catarrh and wasting diseases.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Eftec&s permanent .cares.
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT
The Wonderful Kidney, Liver and
Bladder Remedy.
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE BY HAIL
STrcjap-Root. discovered by the emi-
nent kidney ar.d bladder specialist,
promptly cures kidney, liver, bladder and
tirlc add troubles.
Some of the earJy symptoms or TvetK
kidney* are pain or dull ache In the bac«c
rheumatism, dizziness, headache, ner-
vousness, catarrh of the bladder, gravel
or calculi bloating, sallow complexion,
puffy or dark circles under the eyes. »up-
pres'slon of urine, or compelled to paas
water often day and nlfirht.
The mild and extraordinary effect of
the world-famous kidney remedy. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root Is soon realized-
It stands the highest for Its wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases. If ,
you need a. medicine you should have the
best. 0
Swamp-Root Is not recommended for
everything, but if you have kidney. liver,
bladder or uric acid trouble you will find
Jt lust the remedy you need.
Sold by druggists in fifty cent and
one dollar sizes. You may have a sample
bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and
a pamphlet that tells all about it. includ-
ing many of the thousands of letters re-
ceived from sufferers cured, both sent '
free fcy mail. Write Dr. Kilmer & Co.. :
Blnghamton. N. T.. and please be sure to
mention that you read this generous of-
fer in The San Francisco Sunday Call.
Don't make any mistake, but remember
the name. Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's
Swarap-Root. and the address. Bingham-
ton, X. Y-. on every bottle. ;
Eastern
Excursions
DATES— June 15. 16, 22, 23.
July i, a, 7, 8. 13, 14-
August 8, 9, 10, 18, 19-
September 5, 6, ". 8.
October 3. 4. 5. 6.
LIMITS — Good going on day
of sale, with stopover east
of California; transit limit ¦
10 days. Good 90 days for
( return; stopover anywhere.
SEE GRAND CANYON
ROUTES— Santa Fe and con-
nections going. Different
route returning if desired.
RATES—
St. Louis and return $67.50
Chicago " $7250
New York " $108.50
Boston " $109.56
Philadelphia " $107.50
And ether Eastern Points.
These rate* for direct Uses.
TRAINS— Tickets are good
on all Santa Fe trains,
including the California
Limited semi-weekly.
ASIC US.
SA2TTA FE OFFICE— 641 Market St.
OAtU5S- 1112 Broadway.
BEEETLrr — Santa F« Depot.
SANTA FE IS THE WAY.
All Styles. Guaranteed.
Tou know! Where the dolls swing: In
the window.
1051 Market St. •
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
THE SHORT SKIRTED GIRL
OF 1904.
This is a page that is absolutely
unique — such a page that
will be as attractive to
women as to men.
>"EXT SUNDAY CALL.
' - ¦"¦' '""• '•; ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ ¦' •
• • At • • '
ROOS BROS^
rjVERY ARTICLE we sell tells the truth
\j about itself.
C Of the Boys' Vacation and Outing Suits
we've had on sale this ' week, there are still
some to be had at the reduced prices. . . .
€L We've added some new lines at astonish-
ingly low figures. .........
C It's your opportunity now. . . • . •
Note These Items:
Crash Suite, Norfolk blouse, short trou- /h-g p» A
sers, well matfe; f}r boys of ten to 16; B Kll
reduced, to CpitC/" I
Crash Suits, coat, vest and trousers; (t*^ l£
for boys of 14 to 18; a comfortable gar- \\ rtS
ment; reduced to Cjst/t jlC/
Tennis Trousers, same style as papa f*A
wears; for little fellows 5 to 10; now at
Sailor Suits, special values, in all colors; Q A
reduced to ; . .'. :..... XI 9H
Khaki Suits, best quality, Norfolk (t»| AA
blouse, knee trousers; now at 1JII
Khaki Suits, best quality, Tourist rt»^ iC
blouse, long trousers; sizes 14 to J8; Jk\ A^
hereat ., :...CP«JiTfc/
Outing Hats 25c Special Stockings 25c
Overalls 25c Blouses of all kinds... 50c
• ,; _ Mother's Friend Waists . . 50c
Hf. Bathing Suits, Sweaters, Jerseys, Straw Hats
at. greatly reduced prices.
ROOS BROS.
KEARNY A T POST
ADVESTIflEJffEiria.
f B. KATSCHINSKI
I Philadelphia Shoe .Co.
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO
|| Adjoinixur Call Ballilnr. I
I SQUARE DEALING
I IS OUR SUCCESS
H Our Shoo values aro the beat to
a bs had the entire year round; w«
B never misrepresent; the special '
m reductions which we advertise are
¦ always genuine: we have gained
H the confidence of the public by our
R fair treatment and honest Shoes:
¦ we aim to increase this confidence
fl by giving better values and quot-
H Ing lower prices than ever beforo.
H To prove our words we will place
A on special dale this week a Ladles'
H Coolie Cloth Lace Shoe, made with
B durable extension sewed soles and
m easy walking heels, canvas tips
B and new seamless heel foxing; the
m right Outing Shoe for summer
d comfort Sizea 24 to 8. 8PE-
I CZAXi FBXC2 81.30-
i fPH $1 flB
I WHITE CANVAS BUTTON
fl A popular style at a moderate
M price. This season's latest dressy
M novelty for children and misses;
R made of white canvas, with light
H extension soles, neat rounding
fl toes and white china buttons. RZ<
fl SUCZS FBICE3 THIS WEEX.
El Widths C to E. .
[1 Sizes 6 to :» S1.O5
If Sizes 8 H to 11....81.3O
II Sizes Utt to 2 $1.55
I SOLID AND CHEAP
fJ This Ladles' Oxford Is made of >
9 well selected vlct Icid. with flexible
m sewed aoles. neat coin toes, pat-
B ent calf tips and military heels;
H it is cheap in price only; the qual-
H lty and service will give you ex-
H cellent satisfaction; it Is made to
'A withstand hard country wear; the
A price la A LIASDB 70S TXXS
¦ WEEK. 81. OO A PAZS. Sizes
M 2Vj to S. Widths B to KE.
[j Jf5"2fes^r> Ladies*. Boys*
M 5>1t""S)H^§] and Misses'
M Hi!i Canvas L«g-
H gings. In but-
Fl P1I3 n>f I for country
1 4UG
fl We still have some of our man's
$2.50 and $3.50 values at 81.45-
It will pay you to call and see if
we nave your size.
SEJTD 7OB ZTSW HI U 8'X' AJLTZH)
CATA1OCHTE.
B. KATSCHINSKI
j 10 THZBD ST.. Saa Tranelsoo.
Woman
pS'W&Utl MARVlL Nixing Spray
1 it jtwr Inn 1st fc» It. Mtf *- -»~^*
If be fAnnot supply tM \-. fAS r7^^7%
MAltl KL, •ce»|>tno '.
other, bet wml ibunp for v<cl / ***w%>jr
lllnstr*tedt>ook-*»»Sr4. rt«tr«» Tk. / %tf
fall p»rticiiUr» and dir»<fion«tD- In f m ¦
YAlnnble to Ud'.ri niRVKLCOwTJ.,, m '
4irsrkKiw,(ml«fk. '
152 New Montgomery. Saa Francisco. CaL
William llatteroth (Ladles' D«pt.). 334 Sutter.
Union Drue Co.. 400 Sutter and 10O Stockton.
Oteood Brother*... 7th and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Fhannaey lia EU1»
W J
mark ft yr •» p**S~£* ;
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES^
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application. /
FBESH ASTD SALT MEATS.
IIC Bf.VCC Jfr m S1»JPX>»°X Butcher*. 108
JAS PUlfcj tt tU. Qar. Tel. Mala 1SU«.
_ oxss. ~
LCBKICATINO OILS: LEONARD * ELL13,
41S Front uL. S. F. fhone Mala 1.19.
~ VKXKTXBrO.
E* C uTGHESi fill Eaaaom* «U, 8. T.
t - ' ? .?
SB. FLEECE'S REMEDIES.
How to Help Your Girls,
The anxious mother of the family often-
time.i carries the whole burden of, respon-
sibility so far as the borne medication of
common ailments of the girls or boys are
concerned.- The cost of the doctor's visits
are very often too great for consideration.
At such times the mother is invited to write
to Dr. R. V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N. Y., for
medical advise, which is given free. Cor-
respondence its held strictly confidential.
9500 REWARD FOR WOMEN
WHO CANNOT BB CURED.
Backed up by over a third of a century
of remarkable and uniform cures, a record
such as t*> other remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses* peculiar to women ever,
attained, the proprietors and makers of Dr.
Pierce'a Favorite Prescription now feel
fully warranted. in offering to pay $500 in
legal money of the United States, for any
case of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Pro-
lapsus, or Falling: of Womb which they
cannot cure. All they ask is a fair and
reasonable trial of their means of cure. '
World's Dispensary Medical Asso-
ciation', Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y.
Take Dr. Pierre's Pleasant Pellets instead
of any other laxative. •.<.,,The self-made man is often so busy
boasting of his handiwork after It
reaches a certain stage that he has no
time to finish the Job.
Chairman of Colorado Delesatton.
DENVER, June 11. — Edward O.
Wolcott will serve as chairman of the
Colorado delegation to the National
Republican Convention in Chicago
June 21. Wolcott will make the speech
nominating Senator Fairbanks of
Indiana for Vice President.
:«Eveh' the man whoj-has" little may be
satisfied with his lot.* '" : ¦• ;¦..• .,-.-;¦
San Francisco Girt 'to Wed.
. ST. ; LOUIS." June' 11.— A marriage li
cense' has been "issued '_here"'to David
P.-NaBonof Newburypbrt, Mass.; and
Caroline Mlklltch of San Francisco*.
A girl doesn't' mind her . rfval . being
exasperatingly, clever If she is also con
solingly ugly. ¦'.** • . 7 v • '-'<
Runs , Into '!n'. Railroad. Train.
- SAN, ; BERNARDINO. ¦' June ' Hi-
George* Frobert, a'.baker,' while driving
along the line* of the Santa .Fe. railroad
track this afternoon- was. struck* by a
train . and thrown "some "distance, > sus
taining painful .injuries.'. His , horse* be
came frightened by.' the locomotive and
shied directly in front of It. The wagon
was' completely .'demolished,.' but. "the
horse was unhurt. .", ['-I '.¦ ;..'. ', !
EARL . CJREY IS CANADA'S . ¦
- NEW GOVERNOR GENERAL
Lord Lieutenant of Northumberland
Named as Successor of Earl
' of Mlntoi V *^:
LONDON, June ll.—It'is announced
that Earl , Grey, Lord Lieutenant of
Northumberland, has been appointed
to succeed the Earl of Mlnto as Gov
ernor General of Canada. ... ,
Earl -Grey is . a brother-in-law of
Lord Minto. - The latter's term does
not- expire until • October, so ' the.'of
ficial announcement of Earl Grey's ap
poiritment will hot be made for some
time. : ¦-.'.'.• ' .-". ¦'. ':¦ .'< : , \ •'.»% -' .'•' „¦
SIRS.' MATTOS IS MIXED
IN HER MARITAL TIES
San Jose Woman Is hi Doubt us to
Whether Her. Second Marriage
Was Legal.
SAN JOSE, June 11.— Mrs. Rosa Mat
tos, who has begun suit in the Supe
rior Court to* have her marriage to
Manuel Mattos annulled, is in doubt as
to whether she was legally married or
not.. As Mrs. Munoz. she secured a di
vorce from Ignaclo ¦ Mufioz in June of
last year. The case was the first de
cided under : the new law, . which pro
vided for an Interlocutory decree, of
divorce. £S Judge .• Rhodes decided that
the law was .unconstitutional and
granted Mrs. Munoz an absolute; di
vorce. • Shortly afterward ! she married
Mattos. 'The Supreme Court after , her
second, marriage, decided' that the Jaw
providing. for interlocutory decrees was
constitutional.. -v Mrs. Mattos* second
venture In matrimony. appears to have
proved worse tnaji ¦ the " first, for In .the
complaint filed ¦. she alleges cruelty on
the part of her. husband. . She Is . in
doubt as .to ! the legality of,- her ¦ second
marriage, but as the court granted her
an.absolute ' decree = she ..askg ..that : the
marriage to Mattos be annulled.
Ships Arc Sailing on Time,
NEW YORK. June 11.— In 'spite of
the strike order "by the' Marine Fire
men's Union all the vessels. that were
scheduled to sail had . little difficulty
in obtaining* to-day. So 'far
not a single ship has .been' prevented
from sailings >. " » ' ;.'.'. .
• • ¦ V.'- - '-.-.-
AMMtnrv A.**) 1 ** 1 '*^ *"lootr«fj.
TOKIO, June 12. — The foreign mil
itary attaches who are to accompany
the second Japanese army have been
selected. Among those chosen are
Captain J. E. Kuhn and Captain J. F.
Morrison of the United States army.
BELIEVES HE HAS FOUND
THE OLD AGE MICROBE
Pasteur Institute Expert Hopes to
Isolate the Cause of
Senility.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald Copyright llMVi. by the ,X«w York
Herald I'ubliahins Company. \ '
PARIS, June 11.— M." Metchnikoff
of the Paqteur.. Institute, lecturing in
Paris on "Old Age,", strongly indorsed
the theory that senility was due to a
special microbe, which he had at
tempted to isolate.
As.aresult of close Investigation, he
stated his conviction that the habitat
of this microbe was the large : intes
tines. . , -
Deny Report of a Plot.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 11.—In
quiries made In official quarters regard
ing the statement made by the Daily
Mail of London to-day that two Infer
nal machines were found at the Tsars
koe-Selo Palace on June 7 elicit a posi
tive denial.
COMMANDER KILLED.
Japanese Lose HiRli Officer in Fight
on Liaottmg Peninsula.
VAFANGOW, Llaotung Peninsula,
Thursday, June 9. — The railroad will be
repaired to Vafangian to-morrow.
The Japanese lost a prominent com
mander In the last fig"ht. The bombard
ment of the coast northward was a
mere demonstration. The Russians did
not reply.
There is no sickness among the Rus
sian troops and they are in excellent
spirits.
STATE , PHARMACY BOARD
IS TO BE INVESTIGATED
Governor Appoints Committee to In
quire Into Charges of Favoritism
Marie Against Members.
SACRAMENTO, June 11.— Governor
Pardee has decided to investigate the
affairs of the State Board of Pharmacy,
and to-day appointed John F. Davis
of the Code Commission; Dr. F. W.
Hatch, Superintendent of State Hos
pitals, and State Senator G. R. Lukens
to conduct an inquiry into the methods
of the board, especially with reference
to examinations. It .has been charged
that certain members of the board gave
out information in advance to ap
plicants for diplomas. The Governor
has Instructed the committee to make
a full Investigation of all charges and
report to him.
PROMINENT SANTA CLARAN
DIES FROM THE GLANDERS
Hugh C. Agnew Contracts Disease
y
From Favorite Driving Horse and
Succumbs in a Few Days.
SAN JOSE, June 11.— Hugh C. Ag
new, a prominent seedman of this
county, died this morning at his home
at Santa .Clara from glanders contract
ed from his favorite driving horse.
About a week ago the. horse, which was
boarded at a public stable In Santa
Clara, was noticed to be suffering from
some disease, and Agnew had her re
moved to his home so that he could at
tend to* the animal himself. "While tak
ing care of the horse Agnew became
afflicted. Professor Laminar, an expert,
was employed and he declared the dis
ease glanders, and the animal was shot
and cremated.
Agnew was on£. of the best known
men In. the county. For a number of
years he had been engaged In the seed
business near Agnew, which place was
named, after his i father. He was 50
years • of age, and leaves a wife, a
brother, Jesse B. Agnew, and a sister,
Mrs. George Smith. Agnew's,body will
be taken to the Odd Fellows' Cemetery
at San Francisco' and cremated.
STRATEGIC POINTS SEIZED.
Japanese Now In Possession of Two
Commanding: Positions.
TOKIO, June 11.— The town of Siu
yen, now- occupied by the Japanese
army, is of great strategical impor
tance, being situated about 40 miles
northeast of Kaiping and 40 miles east
by south of Haicheng. It commands
perfectly the roads to both places. Sai
matsze is also an important point, as it
controls the roads to Llacyang and
Mukden. By following this route the
Maotienllng pass, a strongly fortified
and almost impregnable Russian
stronghold, will be avoided on the ad
vance of the Japanese army northward.
RUSSIAN GUNBOAT DOOMED.
Escape of the Sivootch From New
chwang Is Impossible.
NEWCHWANG. Friday. June 10 —
Messengers sent to ascertain the truth
of reports that the Russians are mov
ing a force In an attempt to relieve
Port Arthur returned here last night
without having learned anything.
A Japanese cruiser has been seen
near Kaichou during the last three
days. She is "believed to.be watching
the Russian gunboat Sivootch, which la
"bottled" here, to prevent her making
a dash for the open sea and attempting
to reach a neutral port and there dis
arm. . ;
Bandits are pillaging the outskirts of
Newchwang almost. nightly.
. The boat was understood to be pre
paring to • compete with the Holland
boat Fulton for endurance, speed and
availability as a torpedo boat under
water and awash. The Navy Depart
ment officials had made ready, for the
test, upon which depends the expendi
ture of $800,000 appropriated by Con
gress at the last session Tor the pur
chase of the best type of a submarine
boat. The Fulton has had its trial, but
the Protector has not yet appeared on
the course and the naval . trial board
does not know where she is or whether
she will be present at all, although. the
Lake people' have not notified the de
partment of her withdrawal from the
contest. So the naval officers do not
¦WASHINGTON. June 1L— The. Unit
ed ' States Government has received no
information regarding the . reported
sale, to Japan of the Lake submarine
boat Protector. ¦
Could Not Prevent Shipment of Sub
marine Boat to Japan.
NOT AMERICA'S CONCERN.
OKU IS REINFORCED.
Additions to the Japanese Army Be
sleging Port Arthur.
LLA OYANG, June 11.— Reports ' from
Chinese sources are to the' effect that
the Japanese forces near Port Arthur
have been heavily reinforced. It is be
lieved that an attempt to take the for
tress by assault will be made as soon
as the Japanese are strong enough to
invest' It on the land side and at the
same, time protect themselves from pos-
Elble attack In the i^ar in case the Rus
sians snnt a force from the north.
There are persistent reports again
that the Port Arthur squadron has suc
ceeded In making a sortie, but no offi
cial confirmation of the report is ob
tainable.
The Russian reinforcements .on their
way hore will soon materially change
the situation and enable General Kuro
patkin to move freely.
General Kuroki's main army is still
at Fengwanjrcheng. Russian outposts
cover his right flank above Saimatsze
and extending eastward. They " are
constant |S| in touch with the enemy,
and theroare almost daily skirmishes
of more or' less importance.
know whether she is aboard the Nor
wegion tramp steamship, as reported,
or quietly practicing In some secluded
Long Island cove preparatory for a
test. 0
But It makes little difference from an
International point of view what has
become of this boat, In the opinion of
the State Department! since Hamilton
Pish, when Secretary of- State, laid
down an opinion to the - effect that a
torpedo boat capable, of being carried
on the deck of a ship might properly
be regarded as ah article of mer
chandise and so might be sold to a
belligerent without violation of . neu
trality, but subject to the risk of seiz
ure on the high seas. V-:V
dishes,-' but he 'seldom remains at the
table more than a half-hour. He drinks
wine sparingly, smokes a cigar or two
after breakfast and sets a general ex
ample of abstemiousness to his officers.
He rises at 7 o'clock and retires at
midnight.
' General Kuropatkin is much inter
ested in the Red Cross work, visits the
hospitals and speaks encouragingly to
the patients. He never misses going to
the station at the time of the train's
bringing wounded men, and out of the
funds sent from St. Petersburg gives
them money according to their rank,
$1 50 to an unmarried man, *52 50 to a
married man and as much as 5250 to
officers. He also distributes medals to
the wounded who have performed acts
of special bravery. .....
of the admiralty, at which It was de
cided to carry out. without change the
naval programme provisionally adopt
ed before the war. ! The programme
covers a decade. The ships' will be
divided between the' Blacx Sea and the
Baltic fleets, and no provision is made
for the Pacific fleet. The construction
of the new vessels will begin at once.
The ships will be built in Russia,
though France may poBslbly get a con
tract. The proportion of battleships
and cruisers will be practically the
same as proposefl by the general board
at "Washington for the United States
navy.
The Japanese brought up a mountain
battery and enfiladed the Russian
flank and a sharp artillery duel ensued.
The Japanese battery, however, was
quickly silenced and followed out of
range by the Russian artillery.
The Japanese infantry finally turned
the position held by the Cossacks on the
hill east of Siuyen and forced the Rus
sians to retire. The movement was ex
ecuted in an orderly manner and, cov
ered by their artillery, the Russians re
tired to Modyanka and thence through
the hills to the Haicheng road.
A conference was had at the Tsarkoe-
Sele to-day between the Emperor,
Grand Duke Alexis, the Russian high
admiral, and Vice Admiral Avelin, chief
Th« Japanese first appeared upon the
read between Uhaasa and Siuyen and
advanced on the Russian position in
close formation. They were met with
an excellently directed artillery fire
and forced to retire with heavy losses.
Meanwhile the Japanese infantry ad
vanced upon the hill occupied by the
Cossacks, to whose assistance three
companies were successively called up.
After a gallant fight of two hours the
Cossacks retired, but it' was a barren
victory for the Japanese. The Russian
artillery was turned on the hill vacated
by the Cossacks and the Japanese
found the position untenable and were
forced to flee.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 1L—De
scribing the fl^ht at Siuyen, a corre
spondent says the Russian forces were
south of the town, guarding the Siu
yen-Takushan roal. The artillery was
strongly posted on the hills along the
road from Siuyen to Tyandpoodsa, with
a mixed company guarding the flank
and another company posted on Loo
duopfy Hill. The Russian transport
train was at the village of Kouloosi,
guarded by Cossacks.
L.IAOYANTG, June 11^-The entire
Russian plan of campalgm is directed
from a railway carriage here, In which
General Kuropatkin works, eats and
sleeps. The car is divided into a sa
loon, a §tudy and a bedroom. The
commander-In-chief passes the most of
his time in the study at : work, . sur
rounded by his aids.
Although small of stature, Kuropat
kin is at once distinguished among his
entourage, however brilliant may be
their uniforms, by his " brilliant ges
tures and sturdy figure. He has .the
reputation of being Just, and his word
is law f . His officers express the fullest
confidence In him and he is the idol of
the common soldiers, and the foreign
attaches find him most pleasant. He
takes little or no rest, except' a half
hour's siesta after luncheon, when the
heat is excessive, and^he occasionally
indulges in the distraction of reading
literary works. Dispatches .from the
scene of operations are brought to him
at any hour of the day or night.
The general eats well, of simple
Russian Generalissimo Directs OPW"
at ion* From a Railroad Car." .
KUROPATKIX'S DAILY LIFE.
Slav Gunners Succeed in Silencing the Brown Men's Cannon, But Their Position Is
Turned ' by an Infantry Charge and Islanders Are Left in
".^Possession of the Field/
RUSSIAN AND JAPANESE ARTILLERY IN SHARP DUEL
DURING THE STUBBORN ENGAGEMENT AT SIUYEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; -SUND AY, JUNE :'12, 190^
It makes some men feel painfully
honest when their neighbors acquire
fortunes by dishonest methods.
23
If the SERVAXT QtrESTIOX
is one of your troubles— end it.
Reliable men and women are
seeking situations through CALL
ads.
What Schilling's Best does
for a family : saves all carq
about
tea baUag-powdar . apfna
tofts* R»»orinjf exttxea toda
and setths those questions
once for all.
At Tear grecrr't ; moneyit A
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sketched frco life ;
rowing oiisiiisss
. % ¦;'.". __¦' ¦* U ¦;¦ j . ..' , -"
Each year we have been compelled to alter our store to provide more room for our fast-
growing business. • ' ' • •
A few days ago we leased the store-next door at 742 Market street. This gives much
more window space and a sales-floor of considerable width and depth. Our hat department
will b* located in this addition. The^great values, in our hat department crowd our store so in
the afternoons that more room is absolutely' necessary.
-The clothing department will be extended over- the space. formerly- devoted to hats.
Why has our business grown to such anlextcnt? Because people get their money's "worth
in pur store. And they know they are safe in buying here, because they ;.can have their money
back if they want it. Our merchandise and prices are what- the public want.- The proof is
shown by our constantly increasing business. " ! . . . ¦'-¦¦).
. , * . '- ;. . ; , .. ¦ :, ¦ '¦¦ ¦ -: ••.--•-¦ »¦ ¦ '•
For $8.50 we can also give you a light top coat, ready, to we wear, -cut in the ' latest style of
single or double breasted garments. Sucli"-a suit would cost* you. $12:50 elsewhere.
. For S8.50 we can also give you a light top 'coat, ready ;tO;wear,.;cuV in the. latest.- style from
. good tan covert clothe It i^ the kind of garment.'you" would pay -$12.56 for : in any other store.
Suits and top Coats l^gQ-
FV'ted TinMnr^t^t^t^' By Mail
740-market Street. ;: :
t ' ' ADVEBTISEMENTS. :;V
CATARRHALlfRVOlJSNESS,
A Condition Known as Systemic Catarrh—
A Congressman's indorsement
When this congestion continues for H : Jv'- / *.':'^ yv^-^'^* >**¦-'- ' T '* ¦\*'^* : ?~' "•*; -'--**• : | M
some time it is known as chronic ca- I BMJffiqfffisgJwffls^^ l\
throat, bronchial tubes, stomach, bowels, \a>»cy.W>feflJJJ..afa ( «»«CTi««gMMra^^
' kidneys and pelvic organs. • . .
I Whenever It occurs It produces the LEON J. CHARLES, ATTORNEY-ATLAW, WAS VERY NEAR
fea^S^Sr^KSSi • • ¦ NERVOUS COLLAPSE.-SAVED BY PE-RU-NA.
I from West Virginia, writes: ,»««»...... « » . » »>««»•»»»»»»>>>»».»»»» ....... ....«»««.
1^ — ' » i.'Leon J. CriJarles, Attorney-at-Law, Wlnslow, Arizona, writes: n
! n "For & man taken .up with tia daily routine, and rtsied and pusied constantly to !!
\^^^^^%^I%^WV\ ;| do th'rty hours' work in twenty.-four, tiire will inTariaWy corns a time wien nature [',
l^^^p^l < " eman^ 3 n a8 * I w " on *i» *dge °f J M * wcn * breakdown wien Feruna was t
$&& Wj&f'" - ' '> iV^Wl«^ ' .recommended "to me,' and proved a helper and a friend. It seemed impossible at the i
|iil?F ' | time to take a Tacaticn, and yet the constant brain fag teemed to compel it Peruna r
|||1|| - Xl ->\ ' ' built up the broken down system, restored me to a normal condition, and through its use ?
'' * WM ena^ 8^ *° continue my work. I hare learned to appreciate Feruna very highly, i
H8H|^ ' . ;¦ | ; acd advocate it as a safe, proper and indeed necessary medicine to erery business man
PS^^^^P !^#W^^ t w^o is worn out, tired and sick."— Leon J. Charles. *
jJWHfcJBJj^ggg The symptoms of catarrhal nervous- All that Is claimed for Peruna is that
j^HjKEfSJIsig^' , >*^\* ness arei-^-A foreboding of . calamity, a It cures catarrh, wherever located, by
RpS^HilplfP*** sense of something awful about to hap- its action on the vaso-motor system of
JmEl 3kij§l g 'au^^^P^^^.. pen> twitching- of the eyelids, moving nerves. That it is a specific for that
WnrfBBflWffiffiMftiwyMffifl brown specks before the eyes and me- phase of catarrh called catarrhal nerv-
j^gF^^^^r^l^fi^PBs tallic ringing in the ears, sour stomach ousness the accompanying letters show:
|ft VV « :^iRaHB§Bin| after eating, with belching of gas. ' a Mr. T. W. Scott. • Custom House, San
BWSt.,» < i feeling of great weight in the stomach, Francisco. Cal.. writes:
KSEa - < -• .^SBjB W&a morbid fear of leaving home, a" constant "Some time ago, suffering from Indl-
HBBCWl:'.W, <^^S ? i^i?^S^: >^ desire to tal£ of symptoms, chills and gestion, loss of sleep, and what might
mHflaL ', ,J, ot as^ es > hands and- feet .usually cold be termed general exhaustion. I was
BJSE^ „ \*j§K f^l^MpK ' and clammy, general tendency to cold- recommended to try Peruna, which I
jBBBHBOHanMnaaDBaeS^ ness an(i dryness of the skin of the did, and found that it did all that Is-
v whole body, neuralgic headache, nervous claimed for it."
CONGRESSMAN J. II. HULING. chills, hysteria, sinking and faint spells. If you do not receive prompt and satis-
distressing palpitation, of- the heart, de- factory results from* the use of Peruna,
"Peruna as a euro for catarrh and a tonic fective eyesight, total inability to read, write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
Of most serriczable excelenee is b:yond all write or do any business, urine abund- full statement of your case, and he will
»„ .««- .. l.»l.M ,..*„... i» n ... -f— „ ant, without color, loss of flesh, sleep- be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
question, as has bsen proven by maty of my lessness and sexual excitability. Some vice gratis.
fi lends who have been benefited by its use. O f these symptoms are present in every Address Dr. Hartman. President of
- J. H. Huling. r harlestoa,* W V. case. . . . - , ." The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, O.
' ; ' * ' 'AJVEBTisEJoarrs.
K3 ui^j***—»— *^— ** *^^*^r^*^*^^*^y «k M pp*j w|k ¦ 4% BM MBk ft HHi 0± ¦% 4% "I
I : --"'tBBSBl:-'BEFBlGEBATOBS|
8j ' '"' Will keep Provisions longer and ||
1 13 1 Than any other Refrigerator on Jj
1 " P^t^SiPiil Ths Largest st ° ck and ° reat2st y
I : feflH|'.W;W. Montague & Go,. 9SANTA CRUZ. June 11.— William
Oliver of Soquel, a student at the
State University summer school of
civil . engineering at Liddells j Creek,
narrowly escaped being drowned last
evening while swimming with several
Berkeley students. He was bjelng car
ried out to sea by the undertow when
Narro\yljr Escapes Drowning.
PORTLAND, June 11. — The seventh
annual session of the American Min
ing Congress .will convene here on
August 22 and an unusually large at
tendance of delegates and visitors is
expected. The committee haying
charge of the arrangements for the
reception of the visitors is hard at
work and is meeting with valuable
assistance from the citizens.
Judging From Present Indication
There Will Be Large Attendance
of Delegates and Visitors.
AMERICAN MIXING CONGRESS
WILL CONVENE AT PORTLAND
SANTA CRUZ, June 11. — Ernest
Shaw was seized by cramps Friday
evening white swimming back from
the "Albatross, which Is ridins: at
anchor a quarter of a mile from the
beach, and would have drowned had
not three men gone to his rescue in a
boat. Shaw managed to reach a buoy
and clung, to it until his rescuers
picked him up. '•; '
Cramps Seize a Swimmer.
the Incoming tide caught him and
carried him inshore. He was In an
exhausted condition when he regained
the beach.
Willie Florence Reid. Sonoma.
Mrs. W. E. Rogers, Nevada.
Jenette Irene Saunders, Marln.
Hattle Hook Saxby. Ventura.
Anna Seymoure, Los Angeles.
A. E. Shepherd. San Diego.
Ella Stahmer, Los Angeles.
John S. Stubblefleld, Los Angeles. '-.
Lillian H. Taber, San Joaquin.
Charles R. Temby, Nevada.
Mrs. L. M. Tittle, Yolo.
Mrs. Frank M. Todd, Alameda,
Mabell G. Tower, Tehama.
Marion S. Van Dusen, San Bernar
dino.
Rose Wainwrlght, Mendocino.
Abigail C. Welch, San Joaquin.
Donna M. Whitaker, Alameda.
Alice M. Williams, San Joaquin.
Jeannette Bemis Williamson, San
Bernardino.
Mary K. Wittlch. Los Angeles.
Laura Amelia Wolfe, Stanislaus.
Gertrude H. Yager, San Bernardino.
Theodore Madson, commercial law,
commercial arithmetic, commercial ge
ography, bookkeeping, Fresno.
Wilson G. Tanner, bookkeeping, com
mercial arithmetic, commercial law,
Los Angeles.
NEW ISSUE LIFE DIPLOMA.
Nellie Miller, Los Angeles. (Date of
original diploma June 13. 1891.) '»
UNIVERSITY DOCUMENTS.
Annie W. Brewer, Alameda.
Roy Ernest Dickerson, Sonoma.
James' Ferguson, Sonoma.
Gertrude Helen Hampton, '- Nevada.
Florence M. Hanna, Alameda,
Louise J. Holling, Colusa. •' -
Edna M. McKee, Sacramento.
Amelia H. Newmark, Alameda.
May Elizabeth Sweeney, Solano.
Margaret Webb, Alameda.
Edwin Leonard Zahn, Ventura.
NORMAL DOCUMENTS.
Frank W. Benedlz, San Jose.
Adelina Bland, Los Angeles.
Mary P. Carroll, San Jose.
Laura Alice Collins, Los Angeles.
Mary F.' Corkery, San Jose.
Foster, Will J. Krelg. John G. Tanner,
Charles J. Klein, Joseph Bernhelm,
Will S. Moore, William Williamson;
floor directors, F. W. Swanton and H.
E. Irish.
Concerts are to be given to-morrow
'afternoon and evening and on Tues
day evening the Columbia Park Boys'
Club will give a drill a'nd perform
ance.
Awarded tho Alomnl Scholarship.
SANTA CRUZ. June 11. — Miss Vega
Swift has been awarded the alumni
scholarship, which entitles her to
enter either the State University or
Stanford University. The High School
Alumni has elected the following
ofQcers: President. Miss Nettie New
man; vice president, C. B. Young Jr.;
treasurer, S. A. Evans; executive com
mittee, Harry Lucas and Ada White.
REDDING, June 11. — One of the
most comfortable farm homes in
Shasta County, that of J. N. Logan
Sr.. in the Pacheco district, was de
stroyed by fire Friday night. The fire
originated from a defective flue.
Building and contents were destroyed,
entailing a loss of between $6000. and
$7000.
of the Home of J. X. Logan Sr.,
in the Pacheco District.
Defective Flue Causes the
SHASTA COUNTY FARM
HOUSE BURNS TO GROUND
The beach, pier and esplanade were
crowded with visitors, and the plunge,
casino, concessions and the well light
ed tented city were open for public
inspection. A two-hour concert was
given at the bandstand hy :the Third
Artillery band. During the musical
|>rogr'amme' a" pyrotechnic dfsplay was
given from the . end of the pleasure
pier. The .dedicatory exercises took
at'10 o'clock and many were the
»3audits given W. Stantdn, director
general or the affair.
| Before the grand march in the ele
gantly appointed ballroom an address
•f welcpme was delivered by Mayor
pavld O- Clark.- The ballroom, which
Is, on* of the finest in the State/ was
crowded with dancers. The reception
Committee was composed of Mayor D.
C. Clark, Frank Roberta. Fred R.
CTaUl, John Maher. H. F. Kron. Dan
iel A- Clark. A_ A. Morr, Benjamin K.
Knight. August Hihn, S. A. Palmer. O.
J. Lincoln,. Montroyd Sharpe, Charles
WaMron. A. A. Taylor. W. H. Bias,
Dr.T. W. Bliss. Dr. T. W. Drullard. C
E. Fag«n, Samuel Leask,. Joseph O.
Home. M. C. Hopkins, W. R. Congdon,.
H. R. Robinson. Charles Staubes, J.
L. Wrig-ht, Duncan McPherson. Henry
Wiley. George C. Staffler. Thomas W.
Kelley, Ralph M. Thompson. Theodore
.SANTA CRUZ. June 11. — The new
tested city, casino and pleasure pier
were dedicated this evening under
most auspicious circumstances. Ex
cursion trains were run to the city and
thousands of visitors from all sections
of the State took part in the festivi
ties. The United States Government
vessel Albatross came here under spe
cial orders to participate In the cele
bration and was anchored in front of
the brilliantly illuminated casino.
The Third Artillery band, U. S. A-,
arrived at noon to-day from the Pre-
Bidlo and will remain here a week. It
headed the parade that started from
the St George at 8 o'clock this even
ing, escorting the city officials. Board
of Trade and Promotion Committee.
The line of march was down Pacific
avenue under the electric lights which
arched the thoroughfare at intervals.
At the beach a Xairyllke scene was
presented, the illuminations being of
dazzling brilliancy. The graceful
arches of the casino, were outlined
-with lights artd surmounting the top
dome was au electric star.
Fpeciftl Dirpatch to Tl»* Call.
The overland trains which passed
through Sacramento last night, east
bound, passed Cisco before the fire. The
westbound overlands were held at
Truckee until the road was cleared.
After the debris had been cleared away
many new rails had to be laid In place
of those warped by the fire. .
The Reno local, which left this city
early this morning, was held at the
west end of the destroyed sheds.
SACRAMENTO, June 11.— A fire
broke out In the snowsheds about half
a mile east <jf Cisco early this morn-
Ing "and before being brought under
control' destroyed 2100 feet of the sheds.
Fire trains stationed at both ends of
the burning sheds threw water upon
them and finally got the fire under
control, as far as the sheds were con
cerned. The wind was responsible for
the immense headway made by the
flames before they could be got un
der control.
Illuminations of Dazzling
Brilliancy Add to the
Enjoyment of the Throng
BIG ELECTRIC DISPLAY
John Drummond Mansfield, Tulare.
Georgia H. Mitchell, Los Angeles.
Minnie M. Moore, Orange.
William Roe Murphy, San Bernar
dino.
Kathryn B. Rardon, Kern..
Inez Robinson, Stanislaus.
James Uriel Smith, Alameda.
Hiram Franklin Sheldon, San Luis
Obispo.
Jessie Palen Wood, Fresno. .
GRAMMAR SCHOOL LIFE DIPLO
- MAS.
Josle Ames, Mendocino. .
Josephine Asberry, San Luis Obispo.
Edith E. Ayer, Santa Clara." «;.,:.
L. Alma Balnbridge, San Joaquln.
Eva S. Barbour, Sisklyou. "
: Tena Rosalind Barbour, Sisklyou.
Olive V. Bedford, Shasta, • ¦ : -.
Olivia Morgan Bedinger, Kern, :
Sadie Belcher, - Sacramento. •¦.
Alpha NT. BIgley. San Bernardino. „-
Leah Bletso, Lbs Angeles.
Ann E. Bogan, Tuolumne. -
Mary Tripp Bonham, Kern.
Lottie Braddy, Sacramento.
Louise R. Brampton, Alameda.
Florence E. Branch, Alameda.
D. W. Brown, San Joaquin.
Gertrude BroWn, Alameda.
Minnie Gertrude Brown, Tehama. .
- Susie E. Brown, Tehama.
Leonora J. Brownell, San Joaquln. '
Margaret Buell, San Diego. •
Minnie L. Burgess, San Bernardino.
Ada Burnham, Sonoma.
Jennie Burton, Orange.
Ella I. Cardoza-Buttner, Alameda.
B. N. Campbell, Mendocino.
Ida E. Carter, Alameda.
M. Lenore Chapman, San Bernar
dino.
Mary Coats, Tehama.
Mary Rose Compton, Los Angeles.
"Mamie O'Neill Cosby, Sacramento.
Mattallne G. Crabtree, Los Angeles.
, John F. Dale. Tulare.
A. Burton Daly, Colusa. . . .
Kathryn Daly, Fresno. .,.
Emma Natalie Davis,- Fresno.-
Mlnnie R. Dill, San Bernardino.
Ella M. Dlxon, Los Angeles.
Kate E. Doyle, Santa Clara.
Maria Seymour Drake, Mendocino.
Olga Ehlers, Kern.
Erskine E. "Esdon, Alameda.
Susan Eubank, Alameda.
Bertha Lynn Evans, San Bernardino.
Elizabeth A. Everett, Inyo.
Florence Beatrice Flood, Los Angeles.
Tina R. Gallieon, Mendocino.
Louise Gifford, Los Angeles.
Margaret Gill, Tehama.
Ralph C. Greenough, Mendocino.
Mildred M. Gregory, Inyo.
David Goldberg, Los Angeles.
Minnie M. Goude, Fresno. ¦ ;*-
Helen Ham! in, Alameda.
Paul D. Henderson, Tehama.
Maude Hiett, Ventura,
Anita M. ..Bishop Hill, Sonoma.
Fannie D. Hinshaw, Sonoma.
Laura L. Hpughton, Los Angeles.
G: W. Hursey, San Bernardino.
Annie Hutchins, v Tehama.
Bessie E. Jackson, Los Angeles.
Estella John, Tebama.
Jennie Hall Johns, Santa Clara.
Ida J. Johnson, San Bernardino.
Mrs. Gussle Kirk, Shasta.
Lillian E. -Langbein, Los Angeles.
Josephine F. LefHer,, San Joaquin.
1 Edward P. Llesy, San Joaquin.
Emma Lobenstein, Los Angeles.
Florence May Longley, Los Angeles^
Theodore Madson, Fresno.
Nellie Malloy, Alameda.
Edith R. McCormick, Los Angeles.
Mary Sturges McCoy, Orange.
Harriet McDonell, Alameda.
Mamie W. McEachin, Los Angeles.
Jennie B. McElroy, Mendocino. ;
Lucy G. McGowan, Los Angeles.
Elizabeth Mckean, Shasta.
Genevieve M. McKeever, Alameda.
J. Morgan McMahon, Tuolumne.
Florence L. McMurtry, San Joaquin.
Katherlne E. Morse, Tolo.
Helen Gertrude McRay, Tehama.
Etta L. Naumann, Santa Clara. •
. Harriet E. Neely, Los Angeles.
Anna O'Bannon, San Diego.
Vernon'L.' Quden, San Joaquin.
"James H.'O'Leary. Solano.
9 Mary M. Osbofn, j Tulare.
Ella B: Parker, Ventura.
Lulu V. Parker, Los Angeles.
Elizabeth' N. Pepper, Los Angeles.
Sadie E. Plerson, Monterey. '
Annie Powell, San Joaquin.
Sarah Lucy Prentlss, San Bernardino.
Elizabeth \ Qulnlan, Santa Clara.
Llllie M. Ragsdale, Placer,
SACRAMENTO. June 11. — The State
Board of Education met In the' State
Capitol this morning. David Snedden
of Stanford University Was chosen a
member of the advisory board of the
Western Journal of Education, vice
Charles C. Hughes, resigned.
The report of the State textbook
committee "was adopted. It recom
mended that the old Third Reader
supplement the new Fourth - Reader.
This was done so that 1300 of the old
Third Readers now on hand might bo
disposed of. The board fixes the prices
on the State school books as follows:
Grammar School . Geography, 98
cents at Sacramento, $120 by mail;
Grammar School Arithmetic, 60 cent*
at Sacramento. 60 cents by mall; In
troductory Geography, 65 cents at Sac
ramento, 64 cents by mail. The price
of the State Speller was reduced to 19
cents and the price of the old Third
Reader, was* reduced from 52 to 40
cents.
The following certificates for gram
mar and high school life diplomas
were granted:
HIGH SCHOOL. DIPLOMAS.
R. L. Ashley, I.os Angeles.
Mrs. Mary G. Barnum. Los Angeles.
Flora Eleanor Beal, Santa Clara.
Llllle D. Bridgman, Alameda.
Bertha L. Chapman, Alameda.
Wellyn B. Clark, Alameda.
Edith M. Clayes, Kings.
J. Allen De Cou, Tehama.
Abby Phillips Elliot, Mendoclno,
George W. Hingle, Kings.
M. C. James, Alameda.
David Snedden Is Elected
Member of Advisory Board
of Journal of Education
Blaze Makes Rapid Headway
and Is Only Got Under
Control After Hard Fight
TRAINS ARE DELAYED
GRANTS CERTIFICATES
Long Stretch of Railroad
Property East of Cisco
Is Food for the Flames
State Board of Education
Receives and Adopts" Re
port of Special Committee
Thousands of Visitors At
tend the Opening Exercises
on Santa Cruz Beach
TENTED CITY
IS DEDICATED
FIRE DAMAGES
THE SNOWSHEDS
FIXES PRICES
OF TEXTBOOKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1904.
A. woman's best years are those she
forgets to. count in confessing her age.
. When a girl Is ashamed to know »
thlnp she wouldn't be If nobody else
knew she knew It.
Flames Spread Through Rich Timber
District In Santa Cruz County
and Cause Heavy Loss.
SANTA CRUZ, June 11.— A forest
fire is raging In the vicinity of . Vine
Hill. It started yesterday afternoon on
the KIoss ranch and In a short time
hundreds of acres of virgin timber
had been destroyed. Before nightfall
more than two thousand cords of cut
wood had been destroyed in addition
to the growing timber.. The fire
threatened a schoolhouse.
The flames spread toward the valu
able timber in the Billings place, but
luckily the wind' shifted, and all dan
ger in that direction soon passed.
One of the most beautiful stretches
. of. timber land in this county, presents
a desolated appearance - to-day, and
the fire is still burning.
FOREST FIRE IS RAGING
. IS VICINITlf OF VIXE HILL
Mary Cortner, San Jose.
Galen Cummlngrs, Chlco.
Elizabeth H. Farrell, San Jose.
Nelle Flske. San Jose.
Selina Gertrude Floyd, San Jose.
Ida Fullagar, San Jose.
Jeanette A. Gates, San Jose.
Effle F. Grant. Chico. .
Margueritte E. Hanley, San Jose.
Hobart W. Heiken,' San Jose.
Kate Holllway, San Jose. S' ; ; .;
Lulu Hull. Los Angeles.
Gertrude Lane, San Francisco.
Annie E. Llndsey. San Jose.
Meyln Worden Lorbeer, Los Angeles.
Mrs. Annie J. Lyons, San Jose.
Genevleve M. McKeever, San Jose.
Almeida McMillin, San Jose.
Nina Merriman. Los Angeles.
Harriet E. Neely, Los Angeles.
Helen R. Oden, San Diego.
Ethel L. Rucker, San Jose.
Elsie C. Ruhl, San Jose.
Anna Seymoure, Los Angeles.
Jeannette Isabelle Southern, Chico.
Jessie A. Stewart, Los Angeles.
Grace E. Wilkie, Chico. »
Myrtle Jeannette Wright, San Fran
cisco. , ;' V "
Christine S. Zoflman, San Jose.
24
A variety of articles FOR
SALE In the Mlscellanons Ads.
Gas Engines to Sewing Ma-
chines—Some bargains that
may Interest yon.
A number of MISGEZLIiA-
NEOTJS WANTS, too. Perhaps
you can fill the needs,
Suburban realty is advancing
rapidly— The present Is the
time to buy.
'V Secure a choice bargain NOW
through our. REAL ESTATE
COLUMNS.
-• ADVEKTISEMENTS. ',;-¦'.
Just 28 Selling Days
Before I Surrender
Possession of My
Store to Olson Bros.
RAPID SELLING AND LOW
PRICES MUST RULE.
Specials for To-Morrow
"White and . s Gray- Blankets for campers,
hotels and housekeepers,
From 60c a pair, up.
'Nottinzlhain, Irish Point, Arabian and
Bon Ton Lac? Curtains and Lace Bed
Sets , far below cost of imvortation.
Men's, Women's and Children's Underwear
50c quality at 21c and 27c each
20c Fancy Ribbons all 10c a yard
i • i • • •
Ostrich Feather Boas wq,y down in price
Mixed black and white Ostrich Bows
. ;., . $2,5O each,
$10.95 Suits, blue and black Venetian cloth,
nicely tailored, reduced to $5.95
$12. 50 Tailor Suits, in blue, brown, black
and tan cheviots and tweed effects, re-
ducedt0 ""- •••v-$6.95
S22J0 black broadcloth Suits, reduced to
......."... ..........,......$12.75
C. CU1RTIN
91 1-9.13 Market Street
g Sale^ Ten JMillion Boxes aYeanft
I] CANDY CATHARTlC aa|g ,^^ \\
fi PREVENT ALL SUMMER BOWEL TROUBLES
I 1 Undigested food in the human body will ferment a hundred times as • H
IB quickly In summer as in winter. Consequence — stomach, liver, bowels I I
r I ' poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea. |. J
I , j dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and I j
I > ; | the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper £
|;J thmg is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the body 8
II everyday— not give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowels, j" j
t ;| You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and t
ft JJ healthy. To do It, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not |
H nars k an d violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take <L J
t&i in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, 13 Cascarets. r \ j
H AH druggists; 10c. 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet F •
fij stampedC.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample and | I
free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. 83 *^®
. -- ••V;"-;-V' ADVEBTZSEmSBTS. . ..¦¦•,'"•¦.
We beg to announce that our great Carpet and Drapery Floors have |/^S^ W/7/l :
B^/M'*^ also been included In our Home Furnisher's Sale, and that for the coming ''//nil
Wlllp' week you will also be able to buy these goods at enormous reductions. ' M
W r\ n~*^4- H/*»**/> Fiifnichor'c <talp— Qprnnrf WIppU Last week we gave our guar- PI
m Our Great Home rurmsner s oaie— oecona ween. antcc tnat tne % rices on an i
U our ninin* Furniture were from one-fourth to one-third lower than anywhere else In San Francisco. For six days our [¦ I
H storp wa<Tf rowded to the doors. That was the proof of the public's faith In our word. This week we have added our UJ
m Carnet and DraDerv Floors to the Sale, and the same guarantee goes with them. Now, If ever, Is the time to furnish I]
B your home. If you are not ready to furnish, choose your goods now from these prices. With a nominal deposit
H we will hold them for you fo** THREE M3NTHS. «
1 0^.^" Reduced from $12 Reduced From $47.50 to |P1K% §
m soXiXD OJUC Dining Solid Oak, 6-foot extension, golden Solid Oak Dining Table, weathered oak finish, ing Chair. The lowest { J
a Chair, irolden flnish; finished Dining Table, smoothly pol- old Mission design, pedestal leg," plank footed priced of Its class ever [ j
El Q tr0 .haif made- Cut ovcr ished. Cut nearly one-half. and massive. Cut over one-third. offered. | j
iii $27.50 China Closet, solid (h^Qj S6.75 covered couch with raised head, biacult tuft- ** 7- ished ; large French plate mir- \\
W& , \ , . . " • _ ~ ing arrd fringed sides. O ver one-third reduction. Price *r^«*O . «t.«« 1, I j
$M golden oak, plate mirror, ror; two bracket shelves; swell- LI
hand-carved, bent glass front, f^(^f\ A C\ ec^ ront » brass trimmed; French M
II French legs. One-third re- W^L On<VW T1(V\ i(ftm^iyt legs ; piano polished top ; 4 draw- |(
H duction. Price C| - - ft %U^ .\j J ViSA^\\\\\)\\ vUVJXJ* . ers and wine chest. Nearly one t
H $17.5U "The Credit House." 233-235237 Post Street half reduction. ¦SAN JOSE, June 11.— Judge J. M.
Seawell of San Francisco, sitting in
court here to-day, denied a motion for
a new trial made by the J. K. Armsby
Company in - the litigation with the
liquidators of the California Cured
Fruit Association. Juage Seawell said
that while there were misrepresenta
tions made, they -were immaterial, as
the Armsby company was not damaged
thereby and, therefore, he would deny
the motion for a new trial.
Denies Motion for New Trial.
OMAHA, Nebr., June 11.— Mrs. Anto
nio Leitner dropped dead of heart fail
ure to-day at the Bohemian Catholic
Church, South Omaha, during the fun
eral services over the remains of her
cousin, Mrs. Mary Kramollsh. Mrs.
Lletner had a few minutes before
promised the dead woman's children
that she would be a mother to them.
Her death was the result of grief and
excitement.
Mrs. Kramolish was a very popular
member of the Bohemian community
and some 1200 persons were In the
church or crowding around the en
trance. There was considerable com
motion when Mrs. Leitner was seen to
throw up her hands and fall heavily to
the ground, dying instantly.
While Attending Obsequies or Her
Cousin. 3Irs. Antonio Leitncr
DroDs Dead.
DEATH OVERTAKES WOMAN
DURING FUNERAL SERVICES
WILLITS, June 11.— Brigadier Gen
eral C. F. McGlashan ot Truckee ar
rived to-day to muster in Willlts com
pany. No. 18 of the California Brigade,
Uniform Rank, Knights of Pythias. He
was accompanied by Colonel Abe
Marks and his staff, the Uklah com
pany and the Fifth Regiment band.
A banquet was, tendered the visiting
Knights this evening. To-morrow will
be taken up by, inspection of the com
pany and band concerts.
Musters in Pythian Knights.
Three workmen, accompanied by City
Engineer Guy Miltlmore, who carried
a gasoline torch, were going down into
the sewer when they encountered sewer
gas and the explosion followed. All
four men were killed.
In addition to sewer gas it is thought
possible that petroleum had leaked into
the sewer, as for fifteen minutes after
tho explosion the fire burned fiercely.
CHICAGO, June 11.— By an explosion
to-day in a huge sewer being con
structed along Thirty-ninth street
manholes were blown up for many
blocks, the street was badly torn and
a frame building demolished.
and Three Workmen Meet Sud
den Death.
City Engineer Mlltimore of Chicago
SEWER GAS EXPLODES
AND KILLS FOUR MEN
SAN JOSE, June 12. — Harry Stevens,
the stage hand whose skull was frac
tured by the collapsing of a platform
on the Victory Theater stage yester
day afternoon, died at a sanitarium
this morning. He was a native of this
city and 19 years of age. With his
mother, Mrs. 1L Stevens, he resided at
68 South Third street.
Stevens Dies From His Injuries.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— The fol
lowing increases in the salaries of post
masters have been ordered:
At Los Angeles, from $3900 to $5000;
Watsonville, from $2300 to $2400; San
Diego, from $3000 to $3100; Alturas,
from $1000 to $1100; Pcrtland, Oregon,
from $3700 to $3800, and Seattle, Wash.,
from $2700 to $3300.
Kathryn Lowrey has been commis
sioned postmaster at Tehama, Cal.;
Melvin Dempsey has been commission
ed postmaster at Chisno, Alaska, vice
Arthur H. McNeer.
War Department orders— Lieutenant
Colonel George H. Torney, deputy sur
geon general, having reported to the
military secretary of the War Depart
ment, this city, in compliance with or
ders, will return to his proper station
at the Army General Hospital, Presidio,
San Francisco. A leave of absence for
one month Is granted Lieutenant Col
onel Torney. First Lieutenant John B.
Shuman, Tenth Infantry, is relieved
from observation and treatment as a
patient at the general hospital, Wash
ington barracks, District of Columbia,
and will Join his company at the Pre
sidio. Corporal Samuel W. Emery,
Sixth company, Coast Artillery, Pre
sidio, is transferred to the signal corps
as private. He will be sent to- Benlcla
barracks.
Navy Department orders — Lieutenant
J. B. Gllmore is detached from the In
dependence, Navy Yard, Mafe Island,
and is ordered to Schenectady, N. Y.,
for duty as inspector of equipment at
the general electric camp. Corporal B.
D. Pender Is ordered to report to. the
commandant, Navy Yard, Mare Island.
June 23, for examination for retire
ment; then home to await orders.
Salaries of Many California Postmas
ters Are increased — Army and
Navy Orders.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Child Falls Into a Well.
SAN BERNARDINO. June 11.—
Floyd Payne, 7 years old. fell Into a
well twenty-seven feet deep in the rear
of his parents' home to-day and es
caped without a scratch. A man had
to be lowered into the well with a rope
to rescue him.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 11.— Word
has been received from Mrs. Phoebe
Hearst, who has been supplying the
funds, that the Harvard Egyptolobical
exploring expedition at Girga, under
Professor George Reisner, must be
given up, as she Is inot able to
finance the work for the present. This
decision comes as an unexpected blow
to the .Harvard authorities, who had
been led to believe that for the next
five years at least the researches might
be carried on, as the outlook at Girga
is so promising. Many American
savants have believed that within the
next half decade Professor Reisner
would rival arty European discoverer
In that field. He has an annual endow
ment from Mrs. Hearst of $12,000, ten
tatively for five years, and Harvard is.
not In a position at present to make
up that sum.
An explanation of Mrs. Hearst's sud
den withdrawal of support is given,
and is to the effect that a large mine In
which she is Interested must make a
change in the processes of treating
ores, the expense of the change being
so costly as to preclude dividends for
some time.
Mrs. Hearst Withdraws Her Support
From the Harvard Egyptolog
ical Mission.
EXPLORING EXPEDITION v^
MUST BE RECALLED
DENVER. June 11. — About 1500
commercial travelers, who are mem
bors of the United Commercial Trav
elers, held a parade here to-day and
were entertained with a varietv of
pports and amusements. The visitors
come from all parts of the West on
this side of the Missouri River. The
Grand Council, which is holding
secret sessions, will elect two delegates
to the national convention, to be held
at Columbus, Ohio, next fall.
C. W. Lee of Pueblo was elected
jrand councilor. W. E. Lawlor of
Trinidad grand secretary, and H- S.
Cox of Denver grand treasurer. A
reception banquet were held to
night.
"Drummers" A*«»eniblcd in Grand
Council.
IVopU* of Colorado Town Entertain
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS
PARADE DENVER STREETS
WASHINGTON, June 11. — Presi
dent Roosevelt and Secretary Moody
had a conference to-day, regarding the
proposition to give employes of the
United States navy yards Saturday
half holidays during the months of
July, August and September. An ar
rangement was effected whereby such
employes of navy yards as can be re
lieved of work on Saturday after
noons during the three months will be
given the half holidays and those who
cannot be spared will be given the
half holidays later as the work will
permit. The arrangement is under
stood to be satisfactory to the em
ployes.
President and Secretary Moody Ar
range New Labor Schedule for -
Three Summer Months.
SATURDAY HALF - HOLIDAYS
FOR NAVY YARD EMPLOYES
MAXUEL SILVA ANT> WIFE
ARE TAKEN* INTO CUSTODY
San Rafael Police Accuse Them of
Secreting Jewels Stolen From Dr.
MInton Two Years Ago.
SAN RAFAEL, June 1L— Manuel
Silva and wife were arrested to-day
on a charge of having stolen goods In
their possession. The authorities ac
cuse them of secreting In their home
at Corte Madera jewels stolen In May,
1902. from Dr. H. C. MInton, formerly
of the San Anselmo Theological Sem
inary, who is now a resident of Prince
ton. N. J. The Silvas were taken be
fore Justice Magee and released upon
$250 bail.
of the case rests with the proper au
thorities, who will without doubt take
Into consideration all the facts and
circumstances.
McKinley's death was due to
Rright's disease, ' which developed
shortly after the death of his dis
tinguished brother, three years ago.
Since then McKinley has devoted near
ly all his time in a vain attempt to
overcome the fatal malady, consulting
the most eminent physicians and
traveling from one climate to another.
Two weeks ago he returned from
Tampa, Fla., where he had been for
six weeks. The sufferer was not con
fined to bed and yesterday evening
took a drive into the country, accom
panied by his wife.
CANTON*. Ohio, June 11. — The body
of Abner McKinley will be brought to
Canton for burial beside his mother
and father *in Westlawn Cemetery.
The funeral services, It Is expected,
will be held on Monday afternoon. ,A
wife and one daughter, - Mrs. Mabel
McKinley Baer, survive.
SOMERSET. Pa., June 11. — Abner
McKInley, brother of the late Presi
dent, was found dead in a chair at his
home at 8 o'clock this morning. His
death came without warning to his
family. His colored servant, who slept
in his room, was up with him at 2
o'clock and It Is not known at what
time McKinley got up again, as he did
not waken his servant. Mrs. McKln
ley walked into his room at 8 o'clock
and found him sitting in a chair cold
and apparently dead. A physician
was summoned, who said death had
probably occured two or three hours
before.
The required reserve was increased
$2,60S,075, deducting which from the
gain in' cash left $3,801,525 as tlie in
crease in surplus reserve to $35,562,400,
the highest of the year. The previous
maximum surplus was $34,203,700 on
April 23. Computed on the basis of de
posits, less those of $23,363,800 of Gov
ernment funds, the surplus is $41,403,350.
Circulation was increased $S06,000,
making the gain in this item during
the past three weeks $1,607,600. The
statement was made on rising averages
for cash, the $2,697,000 paid by the sub
treasury by the transfer of the pro
ceeds of Japanese gold deposited at
San Francisco counting for only about
$1,000,000 in the averages. The public
deposits were decreased only $1700, com
pared with those of the previous week.
NEW TORK, June 11.— The Financier
says: The striking features of the of
ficial statement of the New York Asso
ciated Banks last week were the high
records for the year for surplus re
serve and for cash and legal tender;
the surplus holdings were only $4,155,000
below the May movement. As was ex
pected, loans were expanded, probably
as the result of new engagements by
commission houses and also of some
syndicate borrowing; the amount of
such expansion was, however, moder
ate, it being only^ $3,528,100. Speciein
creased $5,019,100, while legal tenders
increased $1,390,500. The gain In cash
was therefore $6,409,600, an amount very
closely corresponding to that of $3,561,-
S00, which was estimated on the basis
of the traceable movements of money
for the week. Deposits were increased
$10,432,300, which amount was $3,505,400
below the sum of the Increase in loans
and the gain in cash, therefore the
statement did not balance.
Loans Arc Expanded as Result of Xcw
Engagements by Commission
Houses.
BASK STATEMENT SHOWS
HIGH SURPLUS RESERVE
Brother of L/*te President Is
Found Dead in His
Chair.
HOUSTON. Texas, June) 11.— Mlsa
Kate Sendrey, a beautiful girl of 20.
shortly after midnight this morning
shot and killed her brother-in-law, J.
Nelson Prowse, at his home at Austin.
Miss Sendrey was on a visit to her
sister at the house and the deed was
done In self protection. Prowse, who
was foreman of the Austin Statesman,
returned home shortly before midnight
in a state of intoxication. Mrs. Prowse
through fear fled and this angered him
to the extent that he threatened to
murder Miss Sendrey and his own
daughter, a little girl of four. Miss
Sendrey managed to get a revolver that
was kept at the house and armed her
self with it. Prowse's violence In
creased until he made an assault upon
her, when she drew the weapon from
her corsage and fired.
The bullet passed through the body
near the navel and caused almost im
mediate death. This morning Miss
Sendrey underwent the formalities of
arrest, but was quickly released upon
a $500 bond.
Miss Sendrey has spent several sea
sons in Arizona with relatives, and
there learned the use of firearms. Ow
ing to the young lady's attractiveness
and poplarity the tragedy has produced
a profound sensation.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
ABNXR McKINLET. BROTHER OF
LATE PRESIDENT. WHO DIED
SUDDENLY YESTERDAY.
J. Nelson Prowse Meets
Death at Hands of Sister
in-law, Miss Kate Sendrey
ASSAULTS GIRL
AND IS KILLED
SALEM. Mass., June 11.— Mrs. Jennie
Sanborn. a Pan Francisco woman, who
is in Salem for the summer, charges
Christopher Chisholm of this city of
having robbed her of $1000 and some
jewelry while Chisholm was acting as
her guide about the city. According to
the San Franciscan, a year has seen
her faith In men rudely snattered, for
it was less than a year ago that she
married George Sanborn or San Fran
cisco and as soon as Sanborn had se
cured $2000 of her money, she alleges,
he deserted her.
Chisholm spun a despondent and
hard luck tale so nicely, alleges the
woman, that "she pityingly bought him
a new suit. He managed on some pre
text to call at her room and after he
had gone she missed the money and a
gold watch. Chisholm had the watch
on him when arrested.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
It is said that the department since
receiving the letter of explanation from
Colonel Pitcher may, upon suggestions
that have been made heretofore, leave
the entire matter to the civil courts,
deeming it a much too delicate affair to
be gone into by a court-martial. Much
sympathy is expressed for the lady in"
the case, who is a clerk in the "War
Department, on account of the pub
licity attained. It was first brought to
public notice through the appeal in her
behalf made by Hon. John Humphrey
Small, a member of Congress from
North Carolina, who Is a relative of
Miss Harold, and who enlisted the
sympathy of Secretary Taft.
Captain Parker declines . to make
public Colonel Pitcher's defense. He
talked freely of Colonel Pitcher's serv
ices, his character, his standing as a
soldier and a gentleman, and recounted
his services in cleaning up the city of
Havana as provost marshal, and his
later services in the Philippines, where
he (Parker) served with him In Luzon;
of his having pacified a territory great
er in size than the whole Pacific slope,
and in such manner that never has a
complaint or criticism appeared to
embarrass him or the administration.
He also spoke of Colonel Pitcher's still
more recent services in Alaska, whence
he was sent directly from the Philip
pines.
When the subject of the "Pitcher
case" was broached all Captain Parker
would say was: "If I were not satis
fied that Colonel Pitcher is free from
any serious blame I would not be in
the case at all. The code of a gentle
man Is to take his medicine and keep
his mouth shut, where a woman is con
cerned. That is what Colonel Pitcher
is doing and I honor him for it. It is
a case which should, never have been
made public, in my opinion. Motives
of sound public policy should exclude
from public discussion certain sacred
domestic affairs, especially when these
affairs Involve deeper tragedies of the
heart and home. This is a case in
which publicity should never have been
invoked in the first place. The decision
CALL. BUREAU. HOTEL. BARTON,
WASHINGTON^June 11.— The arrival
in the city of Captain John H. Parker,
Twenty-eighth Iqfantry, from the Pre
sidio, with authority to present the
case of Lieutenant Colonel William L.
Pitcher touching the charge laid against
him of having jilted Miss Carolina Har
old, has put a somewhat different face
upon the incident. "Whatever may be
done in the matter by the "War Depart
ment, if anything, It is time to say
that the story sent out to the effect
that a court-martial has been decided
upon was premature. Secretary Taft
has taken no action in the matter fur
ther than to cause an Inquiry to be
started. Lieutenant Colonel Pitcher
has been given permission to make his
statement, and following a recital of
the circumstances attending the break
ing of the engagement made by letter
comes Captain Parker, who will be
given an opportunity to be heard on
Monday.
Special DUpatch to Th* Call
Army Officer Says Matter
Should Never Have Been
Called to Public Notice
TAFT STARTS INQUIRY
SAYS HE DECEIVED HER
Claims He. Aroused Her Sym
pathies by Hard Luck Tale
and Then Stole Her Cash
Having Jilted Miss Harold
Captain Parker to Defend
Lieutenant Accused of
San Francisco Woman Com
plains to Salem Police
of Christopher uiisholm
BEFRIENDS MAN
AND IS ROBBED
PITCHER CASE
TO BE HEARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. " TUNE 12. 1904.
DEATH FINDS
VICTIM AMONG
THE McKINLEYS
25
NOTICE!
On account of the many rent piano* beta*
returned from people leaving the e'.ty for
the manner we will make a sweapinr reductloa
of one-third on all rents and installment*,
namely. $3 ptanoa will rent for $2. etc.. etc.
All money paid on rent to apply on parchaa*
price If piano is bought within aix month*.
Now Is the time for you to uva both on priew
and monthly rate. Don't wait until the _£ill
season rsens. . • >
PIANO CO.
235-237 Geary St.
Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
Manufacturers an<l I^alcm of Pianos
and Piano Players.
Snmt special bargains: Ncub»rt. now $2W»
now »«O; Ftacher. n-w $.125. now JjW.1; lltrtx'.
n*w S3CO. now $G7: Ru.wll. n*w $:«5. nor
9133; Cotby. new *123. now *t«O: 2 CTiicfc-
erinff. new M-V). now *tOO. jftlXV 2 Steln-
ways. new IS73. J7SO. now fisa. $325:
Helno. new $375. now K.'t.".."l Over 200 piano*
tt select firm. We 1 ave an ep«ntn* for fw
high class salesmen.
For Breakfast
I TOOTH HINTS!
I have no so-called corps
of specialists. I employ no
one. I do aW my work and
am responsible for same. I
cannot afford to do poor
work. It does not pay me. I
do as I advertise. A call will
convince yon.
OR. A. L. SIMPSON, Dentist,
1206 MARTET STXEET.
|ASTHMANOLA| >
Is th.9 only cure tor Tfervoua aa£
Bronchial ASTsntfA.
Tour Druggist or at 503 MAIUHT ST..
San Francisco. Cal.
OCTJaJT TRAVIIfc.
*S>v Steamers Icav* Broadway
/gAiS^QX wharves, piers 9 aa4 1U
f&r San Francisco.
/l/fTiJ ¦ \U\ For Ketchlkaa. Wrupl,
I / \1>S^ 1 1 Juntaa. Halnes. Skaraay.
1 \ \QmA 1 I etc.. Alaska— 11 a. in. Jua*
VA \\ ™,fc / *• »• 14 ' 19 ' 24 « jBtr *•
VSSjl >Ky Change to Company a steam-
Vjfitjrrft/ ers at Seattle. ¦
, y-or victoria. Vanoowrer.
Pert Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. B™*****
B«ll!ogham — 11 a. m.. Jun* 4, 9. 14. 18. S4.
July 0 Change at Seattle to this compaar s
steamers tor Alaika and O. N. By.: at B.aU3*
or Tacoma to N. P. RT-; «t t»
C P Ry
To'tL Eureka (Hamboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:3»
p m!> jun* a. t. is. «-:»Lf»2; *l 3 a 7 a * m
l:3O p. m.. Juo« «. 12. 18. 24. SO. July «.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lo* Angele* as«
Redondo). Ban Dle«o and Santa Barbai*—
Eanta Rosa. Sundays. B ». m.
State of California. Thursdays. » a. m.
For Loa Argeles (via San Pedro imi Eul
San P~lro>. Eanta Barbara. Santa Cni«. MoBt-
erey. Ean Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (3a»
Lois Oblspo). Ventura and Hueaem*.
Bonlta. » a. m.. June S. 18. 24.Jnly *
Cocs Bay. • a. m.. June 4. 12. 20. 28. Juty «.
For Ensenada. Magdalen* Bay. San Jo*e *»i
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Ro-
talla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a, m.. Tth each ma.
ALASKA EXCCRSION9. Season 19O4— Th*
palatial excursion steamship Spokaa* wtu
lia»e Tacoma. SeatU* and Victoria. Jua* 7.
a. July 3. 1». Aug. 2. !«.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserred to change steamers or salltn* data*.
TICKET OTTICX3 — « New Montgonv
nr st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.and Broad-
way wharves. rr«i*at oaco. 10 Market st.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agsat.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
COLUMBIA sails Jus* 6. 1* and 2*. July C
IB 20. GEO. W. ELDER sails June 1. 11 aa4
2ll July 1. 11. 21. Only steamship Us* t»
PORTLAND. OR., and short nil Us* froa
Portland to all points East. Through tlcktt* ts
all points. Steamer ticket* Include berth aa«
m«al*. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. O>n. Agt. Pass. D*pfc. t
Mostgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. O*«. Ac*iU
Freight Dapt.. 3 Montgomery st.
VVVWilVWWWVi 0UUC3 UUwUJWfc
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thura.. June 18, 3 p. m.
9 8 ALAMEDA. fcr HonoluIu.June 23. 11 ta.
s" 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 2, 11 a. m.
I j.SMCIIlS i BS03. Ca,lDi.TlClSI 03C3 SO til-
t8L, Fnifli oaci3Diiriuit. fisllvil: »:
10X7AS5IS 6SIIXX1U T5A»SlTla5TIWl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKS-PARJ3;
Sailing every Thursday Instead QUBLMMH*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier i~.**^mmm
North Rrter. foot of Morton st.
First class to HaTre. $70 and nP*"*- *•••
ond- class to Havre. $43 and upward. CIBM-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CAVADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson bulldln«).
New Tork. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Pacmo Coast
Agents. » Montgomery avenue. Saa Francises.
Tickets sold by ill Railroad Ticket Awt*,^
To T7. «. TKktt Tard and Tag* jo.
STMKS "GEN. ' FRIS31E. MONTICELLO- "ait
A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:13 P. JC.
«•»» P M aT30 P- M. »ex. Sunday). Sunday*
1 : 43 a! M . st*> P- M- V*il*^T«,
Jy'»lw A. M. 12:30 NOON. 3:13 P. 1C.
• •©0 P M- ««• Sunday). Sundays 7:0O A. ML.
4-15 P M. Far* one way. 50c I* riding aas)
office Pier 2. foot Mlsslott St. FhQM H*i»
1 UC3.' HATCH BROS.
ADVXBTTSEMKCTa.
BQRAXOLOGY
Boraxology is the science of health, and
health is largely a matter of cleanliness.
It may startle die unboraxed p*rt of the
community to hear it, but as a matter of
fact people who don f t use BORAX aren't
really clean, simply because you can't
wash anything clean in hard city water, no
matter how much soap or elbow grease
you use. BORAX softens the water and
gives it cleansing power* When you
wash anything add a little Borax to the
water* YouTl get twice the result with
half the effort* Great care should be
taken to get pure Borax, as imitations are
worthless and often injurious* Ask for
20-MULE-TE AM BRAND,
At drug and grocery stores everywhere in
Vaj V2 and 1-lb. packages*
The (unoa "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES FREE to perchasm of
"20-MuIe-Team Bonx." At store* or scat lot BOX TOP and 4c in stamps.
Pacific Coast Borax Co., New York, Chicago, Saa Fraocbco.
Twenty Mole Team— Oar Trade Mark. *
SEE PAGES )
42 to 47. '
fi BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
A\ TO LET FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED.
I HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
J / TIONS WANTED. HELP WANTED. AND A THOU-
S^ SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
**' PAGES *a TO 47 INCLUSIVE. TO-DAY'S CALL.
...r,-.-,^.-.-.,-.^-,- THE EMPOHITTK.
g ***** ******* ******* *********** ******* *************
| I
I > '^i |
I Look for the I
I Emporium !#d" I
| In Monday papers. \
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
W BLATZ method is generally commented |
J|on as most remarkable and unique, for |
the reason that in most every par- |
tfjlgK 0 ticular it is original from a brewer's I
point of view. 1
If YA. „ The very choicest of every com- |j
U \ T ponent part of the Blatz brews is |
\V J Jf. the invariable rule. Only the best JJ
/\ xw °* M° tner Earth's crop is ever con- tj
I sidered * T he result is a beer of |
I >Kw honest quality with a goodness all ||
I v \^>. its own. i
l\ YV_^<^ Always the Same Good Old "Blatz? 1
(J BLATZ MALT-VIVINE -(Non-Intoxicant) B
l^T^ "2*^ A HALT TOVZO II
1^^ For Convalescents and. Run- Down Systems. fi
H VAL, BLATZ BREWING CO., Milwaukee I
m, SAM BIBO ®> CO., I
./HOLES AI.E SXAXEBS, 212 IATTEIT STBEET, Wk
~^^ " saa rraaclsco. .'Tal. Main S6S9. m
- ADVEBTISEMSNTS.
V *^^ \*M
San Francleco. Sunday, 12 June, 10OI.
Again! Smith's F Quality
Tapestry Brussels Carpet-
ing, 59 cents.
The headline tells the story. The price includes .
sewing, lining and laying. ;
Exceptional values in every department for the sum- ;
mer months. Now— RIGHT NOW— is certainly the
time to furnish your home economically. \
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union Squaretheir own band on the visit here and
VL*Z ive , Saturda y night and remain
until Tuesday.
Naval Reserves May Go to Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. June 11.— The San
Francisco Naval Reserves have sent
word to Captain A. A. Morey that
Rudolph B«rth. watchmaker and Jeweler, 134
Butter tu <np«u«r»). Watch and Jwwelry repalr
tof _.* 'P^WtT, Careful attention paid to r».
palrfnr French dock*. Thono Red 1221. •
VICTOR. Colo., June 11.— Andy
Pavltsch was killed and John M. Mar
ehali fatally injured to-day by the ex
plosion of a missed, shot in Stratton's
Independence mine. Both of Mar
shall's eyes were blown out
Explosion Kills Miners.
Burning Oil Sets Fire to Her Cloth
ing and She Dies in Ter
rible Agony.
BAKERSPIELD, June 11.— R. P.
Jones of this city received word from
Porterville this morning of the death
of his sister-in-law, Mrs. E. E. Jones,
who was burned to death in her home
by the explosion of a lamp, which set
fire to her clothing. ' The house and
contents were completely destroyed.
EXPLOSION OP A LAJIP
• I.- CAUSES A WOMAN'S DEATH
VANCOUVER, B. C. June 1L—
A fine to an amount almost unpre
cedented in the history of the north
ern customs service has been imposed
on the steamer. Princess i May of the
Canadian Pacific Railway Company's
Skagway fleet.
The United States collector at Ket
chikan 'fined her $2 6 00 because, ac
cording to the collector, she had car
ried thirteen passengers between the
United v States ports of Skagway and
Seattle contrary to the coasting laws.
The maximum, fine of. J200 was
charged for each passenger.' The com
pany paid under protest and has tele
graphed to Washington for redress.
The Canadian Pacific officials ascribe
this action to Influence . of American
shipping men,.whoiare ; tcylng to get
trade away from Vancouver steamers.
A war In northern ; passenger, rates
may result.
Princess May Penalized in Maximum
Sum for Violation of Coast
ine "Laws. '¦. . .
HEAVY FINE IMPOSED
ON CANADIAN STEAMSHIP
LOS ANGELES, June 11.— The prin
ciple in law that insanity Is not a
sound or natural ground for divorce
was clearly exemplified by Superior
Judge M. T. Allen In refusing to 'grant
a decree to Mattie A. Kentring. In
denying the divorce Judge Allen said
in part:
"Insanity on the part of either hus
band or wife is no ground for divorce.
Persons who are under the marital
obligations, if one or the other lose
his or her mind, are In Justness bound
each to the other more closely.
"There Is no condition in life un
der which the unfortunate partner
should receive greater attention or
more loving care and kindness than
under the burden of a distorted mind.
The decree is denied." ~
Superior Judge Allen of Los Angeles
Renders an Interesting Decision
in the Kentrlng Case.
SAYS INSANITY IS NOT
A GROUND FOR DIVORCE
they probably will be in Santa Cruz
one hundred strong to* celebrate the
Fourth. They will be accompanied by
ST. .PETERSBURG, June 11. — A
bulldog of British breed is now the
hero of St. Petersburg society. Kutsi,
or • "Dockedtail," as he is called, has
been presented with three silver collars
by . dames of high degree • and with
about forty of cheaper material by
humbler admirers. Madame Starck
presented him with four little woolen
shoes.
Kutsi was on the Variag's deck dur
ing the Chemulpo battle. He licked
the wounds of the Bailors and had his
right ear shot away. "
During the triumphal procession ; of
the survivors of the Variag at Khar
koff Kutsi sat stolidly on a drum and
barked Intermittently in reply to his
admirers' enthusiastic cheers.
Canine Thnt Licked Wounds of Sail
ors at Chemulpo Is Idolized by
Russians. r.V-C
BRITISH BULLDOG A '-»' '
HERO AT ST. PETERSBURG
FAdnc Coast Prartitlonen Making
Arrangement* for a Meeting at
Lewta antf Clark Fair.
PORTLAND, Or., June 11. — A com
mittee from the Washington Stats
Dental Society Is In attendance at the
•esslons of the Oregon State Dental
Association, which are being held here
this week to arrange for a dental
congress during the Lewis and Clark
Fair next year to be known as the
"2>ewls and Clark congress."
It Is the Intention to Invite all
dental societies on the Pacific slope to
participate and have dentists or na
tional prominence present. A com
mittee has been appointed to confer
with the Washington delegation.
FLAX TO HOLD CONGRESS
OP DENTAL ASSOCIATIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12. 1904.
26
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
The cirl with the roses in her
hair.
Something new, something nov-
el, something every woman
will want to see and no
man will overlook be-
cause of Its rare
charm.
NEXT SUNDAY qALL.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BBBMUHBIHaaBflBBH-i
RUPTURE I
wear a torturous truss this: hot 8
/weather? We can forever relieve you of it. g
We have cured hundreds. Call and get their S
names and see them about it. We can do the |
same for you. NO PAY TILL CURED. S
_____________________ ¦ H
FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE |
1344 Market St, San Francisco I
r ~~ ~ ~ \ . ~~~ ~ — — __, M ~i*~*€! <* I '- PRAGERS
PKAGERS « PRAGERS J PRAGERS J| PRAGERS Q PRAGERS I. PRAGEKS J,^^ „
[ifi'li .M+J^ks^^^ihey A re Tearing Down Partitions on the Upper Stories of Our Building and We Are 1^^^
S^ Each article, garment and piece of merchandise has been specially and greatly reduced for this week of our great Expansion Sale. We have \rr\
f thousands of new things to show you now — all at economy prices that are undeniably forging this store to the front of the retail business of this city. ®J5} \ft/i f
Expansion Sale Special of women's Fancy c^gk F~ . wome^s undergarments Domestics at Prices That (™/J
C ¦ rSOME extraordinary values l^ eXt w^ane9day «^T^ HIS is the time of the year " : " "^ "" M \\////M I
Dress Goods and Silks o arc being offcrcd in tke 1 f ? r u these 4 i 's ht air > - Are m the Reach 01 All \/y^\!
m~m -www -~- -*mr newcst shipment of goods g"! ¦ - clothes, lhere are some 1
EVERY iua oSfcrcd here is selected be- s -°™ for the first time Monday. [:BF^lfi|flpB#fl beautiful made garments in the T-*VERYTHING that we offer here has \ I \\£ B
cause of its s-asonableness. There NECKWEAR. . B"! M18II if V V^« t. VE vJ S# • tL b « n chosen for its appropriateness. 1 UrB
hu been an immense demand for these I 1 1 U H U 1 i\0 3&* U"SSSSS A We have a'sufficient variety to satisfy \
Bmatenals, and now we give you a chance for gingbain; fine for country wear. Rembrandt rib; low neck and all demands. ' ' \ 1 lV^fl
them at special sale prices. worth ae'e and 50c. " ' on i^vcaic \v CV 1 IcSs; pink# bIue and white * SHEETS. \\ a\— II
SILKS. 5 V ach ~ Dain i y a n Cmb I« d^. ed t laW ° WILL BE ON SALE TIGHTS ' 36c each-Fall double bed sixe bleached sheets. VMTI
0 TSc . exUa wide' fancy .ilk. It can- SS C f?o". 5 ' SS^^iif £ . AT OUR ANNEX. 48c-Women's tights/ankle or kn.ee TO*!
net be equaled for wear asd the design are the values. : lengths; made of fine Bedford nb- perfect, lliey are coasiderea a barga . at ooc - JLjM I
fj aeatest. 'A r ortb $1.25. 25c a set— Pretty waist seta, consist- 1 145- 1 147 Market* Street bed Egyptian cotton. Black only. PILLOWCASES. I aU
U 40c a vard— 10-inch black taSeta; pure silk. Al- in Z of turn-over collar and cuffs to * Worth 75c. 12%c each— An extra heavy bleached pillow case, % llC
\\ wav« "sells at 7«c a yard match. They are made of white NeaT Central Theater CHILDREN'S DRESSES. size 45 by 36; plain or hemstitched. Worth 15c KlW It^m
H r<k«' "a r JZ—A M..I. ?,*r-*, *, : n ~v.. cotton bunting, embroidered in * *»w»i.v,» . — Colored dresses, made of a TOWELS V/*/f^^
U o- 9 5 ** «V, j * , * ¦ »_ HANDKERCHIEFS. , Y lar. cuffs and belt of plain color ma- -»«K fc $ i? ? «« «.u»- m t,.^ x« u- u Lktt £L
j 3 '" . £ y*7'— ?'=¦?*.£* foalard i3ki. ao iachea lG%c - Women's pure linen and promptly. terial to match. The waist is box- ?, C^ In,, ;^ Wr i 7d^' iS
wide; i:gnt and dark colors. Suitable Jot scm- shcer Swiss handkerchiefs, with pleated and skirt shirred at waist. trowels, firm, close finish. Never sold for less than U
=:er shirt waist suits. \ ery stylish. Worth 50c delicate patterns of Briton and Send for CaUlosu" Sizes 4 to 12 years. The colors are ?3 ~.«,t, «», ,*«.«- i
{ i yard. Mechlin lace borders. Valued at - light blue, dark blue, light and dark jto \ T ABL E . DAMASK. g
I 55c a yard — 1250 yards of fancy eilks, 20 inches 25c. pink and red. Worth $1.75. 48c a y* rA — p . ure Irish linen unbleached table n
H wide, in the new shades of blue, golden brown — — — -- .^, . -'— — damask, 64 inches wide. It cannot be equaled II
zzid crimson, with hair line stripe. Regular 75c w 9*. TV 1 *^J* % r* »a a *«•!!• *\% C* 1 * or ess than 60c. ";• U
, Don L Delay Your Visit to Our Millinery Clearance Sale remnants. - M
C3c a v2.rc — 20-inch fancy silks; extra heavy qual- ¦¦ ; About 500 remnants of mill ends of bleached and unbleached t j
ity. The choicest designs for summer wear. Ml HE millinery season is practically over — there is no such rush as there was a month ago. We continue table damask, crash toweling and glass linen, odds and ends of ||
Worth $1.00. I our workrooms throughout the year, however, and are ready at all times to make hats to order. Monday half dozen lots of napkins and also wash goods are to be
B JBftS^?^ : j5^^^ , we Wil1 offer a large number of v^ery beautiful dress, hats, some of which were copied after Eastern models " ! ° SCd "TacE CURTAINS.
1 C'Jc a yard-24-inch black peau de soie; rich black for customtrs who did not return for them. We have their deposit and can afford to make extremely low prices 85 BOc and 75c a j^^ pair5 o{ odd lace curtains; no t^ [
! zrA f.r.e glossy luster. It is never sold for less on them. Don t postpone making a purchase here. You will be amply repaid. - alike. All arc* 3% yards long. A choice assortment of pat- \
than $1.00. DRESS HATS. 92.08— Blue straw turban, trimmed in corn flowers and loops terns to select from. t,
U BLACK AND COLORED DRESS GOODS. ?4.OS — Beautiful white maline and lace hat. with trimmings of navy blue ribbon. A very dainty shape. Worth $7.00. FLOSS CUSHIONS. \
H j • . ., , c - -1- il r °^ w^i te roses and ivy foliage. Reduced from $10.00. '"" $2.OO — Misses' pale blue horsehair hat, trimmed with soft 2Kn m<-!i "F1n«;«s cushions z± inches aonare- nice ca-ihrir mv.. i
I 40c a y 2 rd-52-:r.ch black S.cihan; firm weave, fast P4.08_BIack horsehair braid hat, faced in chiffon, trim- rosette of silk. Worth $4-50. in«r Worth ii square, nice canabn. cover- .
' \ 2 |^ a^.rlJ-er n fab4c ter \Vo r rth -4™* dU3t ' med in June rOS " and bl " k vdvCt ribbon< Worth $9 °°' UNTRIMMED SHAPES. MUSLIN f
\\ 3CJc a md^SSch albatrossTb alfpretty evening viofc^^rTmme" whhflSe)^ft irfiiuhe^wit^S^ar^ fe feSi Sf^wSvTS S 0 '^ "ai?* 1 *' 7c a yard-The celebrated Lonsdale muslin; fall yard wide. It is 1
j shades and black and cream. Fast colors and will gold ornament. Regular $0.50 hat. . rough and ready straws and black and white chips. All arc sold everywhere at 10c yard. Not more than $1.00 worth sold to 1.1
4 washwelL $2.1>8— Black and white braid turban, bound in red and trim- •£oS^t >r!; S Ki^S U !n> «i,;t. t n \A.A M* nn .»,,«„. „ 1 each customer. fj
1 43c a yard-38-inch Jamestown tweed and novelty ™ed with red velvet ribbon and gold cord. Very stylish and '^oTug rge black and white folded chiffon shapes, regular NAINSOOK. H
1 vojle: light sup-.rr.er fabrics in pretty shades, *£ T £? y \.. , u ., ..« .... , . ., a A "" "' T»t>Am Q 6^c a yard— Checked nainsook in neat patterns, fancy satin finish; '
ij suitable ior shirt waist suits. ?2.»8— Misses' white chiffon hat, trimmed in blue flowers and . BRAIDS. enitahle for waists dresses etc. Rcnlir 10c inds ?'
I pale blue satin ribbon. Worth $6.50. 10 yards for' 25c-Straw braids in all colors. 10 yards to piece. * suitable for waists, dresses, etc Keguiar 10c grade. |
1 Things You Need About f~t$!^ Stylish Tailored Garments I
P the House W^Jf A M^^/ski^ Q/ilo W^S for Women [
fj fj ERE is a selection of household necessities that ®f Wi ilUWlUfiV dUfl© (J^^^x^i A LL of the garments we will offer Monday are |
I H should be very pleasing to buyers who are on \P^J&m\L ¦ =^ f jMmmk ) /\ sam P Ie j and advance lines that hav-e just f
I l L the lookout for good things. 'These specials j $W<WM$*1 *%>* C**ll W « 87 • . a W^^^ reached us In them you will notice^ changes I
\\ will save you considerable money and at the same ( f{#^V Of NPV^ Silk iJrP^^ Wf^li^t^ PifclP^U that are being shown in some of the new- j
t jme ,ive vou the best possible value, IjfM %Jl CW K W65S YV OlSiS fc^» -t models.^^
N Meat sa:cs. to stand ,cr can bt hunz on ths wall; '?tiii^^sT^C^t j xS^r^wl^^^ $0.05— A sample line of all-silk foulard ind oonzte suits |
J regular $1.2^ values. - /*BKr^\^^l ¦ -. - / J^^S^fS beautifully made and trim.-r.ed with Mexican stitching. |
h *--' 1 -' — Carr.D stoves of she-t iron, with four holes and oven. "€£&?•*&&& | 0k. €»fc««f»?\f All colors. Evcrv garment is worth $iS..;o. fj
[^ in which bakine can be done. 0» gf% g _______ fflp _^fl |^ fj** V^ ( i'» /^/ TOURIST AND AUTOMOBILE COATS. H
y 92.35— Full nickel slated ?as stoves with larce sa-.ved burn- p» V*/ / _« iJ T_>&_fl \ 911-05 to 91S.75 — A complete line of silk and oenzee r.
4^ ers; regular $.1.25 values. x il^ • w Hay tXJ *I« • *t-P^ | tourist coats, in three-quarter and full lsr.zths. Just th: {!
fi 7c a 'lozen— Picnic u'ates. (_//i^>^N*^Mti i_^ ? I *^ | I *^ ) L>^/^>^^^^ I thing to wear on along journey or into the country. JJ
Q -•"»«' — Window screens, with hardwood frame and fine wire X/ufa&^&z. '-/t^L *^^ ... .... * - &S&i} l*Jt' {wJm i BLACK SILK COATS. H
i They spread .17% inches. lfirYtW«8S^' W '" Worth Up tO $ 1 5 00 J%£h>&Sfl$l f6.5O and 97.45— One hundred black silk coats, the sweH- l\
3 rjOc-Oil etoves for campins purposes. !^ 'V> V ¦, 1^ \\ m -, / 4^©??St i^ est shown this season. Those at $6.50 are made box II
J 4e , foot-Covered K a S tubing; worth 8c. fe^fe\\fw_K\ We PUrChaSCd a " C " tirC 8t ° Ck ° f high - daSS WalstS fr ° m NeW Y ° rk ' S 0 K^'oiS^SS^Zlt ? iSST'th!^neS^bdtS^t
I 2O«--Hardwood earao stools. F.l / H^4>4h/F vA most prominent manufacturer at oractically our own price. Thev are the /^. >^^%Sl7 with prettv. deet> capes and large sleeves with c-2s. i
I 91.15— Hammocks, in red, blue and *reen. with concealed V^Aj^W^&rJ) handsomest waists ever shown in San Francisco and the bar K ains arc un- Mgk /fci^JJ^^y 6 They are all worth double. I
H spreader and pillow. Worth $1.75. " '¦ 8Ur P assed ! W f have ta^ken every one of the waists, some of _them as hi K h W ,Jg^g»' \ DRESS SUITS. }
J 91.50-24-inch suit case; regular $2.25 value. K *.«__* -/- * as $15.00 in value, and divided them into two lots, one at 93.- o, the other /> U'l^I*^ _» 910.75_These are absolutely new and np-to-iate ia style. H
M «?'» -.0 ;;..u,, .:,- frtM;__ ,,,.*„ u . 1" »_ U *<& at " 4 «"«». A v -S-»«<r J« I They are made of voile and silk lined throughout. They (\
H - '- >j - 1 tKC ' 0<(1 ' n^ C2rt> Can bg taken on the car - C^^S^L M$ These waists are made of the finest crepe de chine, peau dc soie and V *\ are blousc - style> b . louse back^ and c0 - Iar '«^ beautifully N
i r_ i t-k • w •_«. L^/vSl^*<'li peau de cygne, taffeta silk, etc Many are lined throuarhout with cood silk. .\ >-f 0M&tgMfc\ (\ trimmed with braid. The skirts are made very full, with {
[} ReCOrCl DUSlIieSS ReWcirdS Olir !ri/M.i^^^ >y ThC COl ° rS afC blaCk ' WhUe> liKht blUC> P ' nk ' lavender ' cham P a K nc - iMfflg^Effitr^k \\ new style pleats. They are m black, brovm and blue. j
I Sale Men y s Clothing" ~« f W|| This Sale of Boys' Clothing
" IT OR those who missed the great chance at this (^^^^RU The dra - n^ a « « a " reproductions of some of them. ffMa^mS ° f lt^ 1-ltereSt, tO MOthefS
U I* g^cat one-half sale on Saturday we will give IJi^IiS^iSSBS.^^ A LL of the newest summer ideas in boys' cloth- J
?! another opportunity Monday. If it is abso- ' "" ' ' ' —^-- -» n l /% ing . a _ e tQ be £ ound here< The pr i ces the j
j{ lutely impossible for you to attend in person, send K A . n . - * *¦ very lowest, 'r^tc j
|j some one of the lady members of your household to new Art* OOOOS B^^fk. ~^ 1 PrflSTGrS Will Rp "^ "" KHAKI SUITS..
I 1 make reservation for you. We will hold the gar- o , i. ,- i_- fifi^lf -. iwgvia ff m * #^ Doc—Boys' khaki suit3, made* np in military style; extra s fj
3 ment and vou can try it on later i-J^e each— Cushion tops, in . *« fe T pood wearing. Regular $1.23 values. H
1 cttt-to ' many subjects, pine cone, Gibson J5S§ «^k &&**!*<&? a\*^ S .....^ _, 5 1 * 1 •<>— Extra quality khaki suits, trimmed with red or blue If
W.» for ..i«. that form^oid .« $,6. W . .^chc. c.c Wo«h i 5 c a nd « J| |^1 11 i^l M theLargeSt «*» — -IHu^^g^d everwher. for 5 M5- |
H 90.OO for suits that formerly sold at $18.00. . 21c each— Crep" cloth cushion fmSt^ +&>&&'* -*. 10c— Knee trousers, made up expressly for us. We bought {{
L 91O.OO for suits that formerly sold at $20.00. tops, with Japanese colorings- \% , -_s*v jp <^ Tjf>T%gi Vtlt\^nt . a laree quantity and this low price will prevail this U
fll.25 for suits that formerly sold at $22.50. and subjects. Entirely new. N %^ . _ 1 ari F , ¦ 01 UIWIIU ,J* e r ' ii" ? f M
1^12.5O for suiU that formerly sold at $25.00. Regular 50c value,. | ALUAYS RELIABLE r >c_Cordurov knee j trousers, «°J? e Wjjjr ««» make: H
*13.7r» for suit, that formerly sold at $27.50. 20c-Turki.h pillow slips, ready J» 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^U QfriW ' ' OV_:^ALLS ' ?° VaIUCS -
91«.00 for suit, that formerly sold at $30.*.. gjP*: J^Jj I __- _ 2 5 c Good blue overalls; ages o to^ -ears. Just the thin, f
t8.2 5 -^vercoat. that wefe«°u\Td' from $16.50. ffi AU the Shopping Inducements That Have --- . *W. : - ; forrouehwcar - waists. I
% 11.25-Ovcrcoats that were reduced from $22. W . Worth 50C * ** "^ Made ThlS Store Popular Are StUl Here. WeSt* Ol CniCagO 45c ~5 h i«tIv ai o S a«e a rns. bIOaS "' mad ' ° • "^ fa - ; ---*eri-l» |Work is the one cure for worry.
AH the office and house furniture at
927 Market street and 65 Douglass
street . belonging to William H. Bitt
ner of the Germania Investment Com
pany, who Is said to have disappeared
from the city, much to the regret of
his creditors, was claimed by various
concerns, who took it all away. All
that the Sheriff has been able to seize
Is a desk used by Bittner to foist his
alleged schemes.
Claims Blttner's -Furniture.
William Turner, colored, was treated
by Dr. Boskowitz at the Central Emer
gency Hospital last night for an in
cised wound of the head' and fracture
of the skull. . During an altercation
in a saloon at 3153 Steiner street, it
is alleged, Robert Powell, a colored
trooper of the Ninth Cavalry, struck
Turner on the head with , a Filipino
bolo. The blade inflicted a wound sev
eral inches. in length and cut him to
the skull. Turner was removed to the
hospital in an ambulance. His in
juries, although serious, are not neces
sarily fatal. . Powell was subsequent
ly arrested and booked on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon.
Struck With a Bolo.
all particulars will be made later.
Time Will "~ Devoted to Preparing
for the Production of "Robin
Hood."
A i>ortentous event is in the way of
preparation at the Tlvoli Opera-house.
"Robin Hood," the most successful
light opera ever penned by American
composers, which has been performed
i for thirteen years exclusively by the
famous Bostonians and which has been
secured by the Tlvoli management by
a special arrangement with that or
ganization, will be put on for a run
just as soon as a brief season of ardu
ous rehearsal is brought to a close.
The opera-house will close for a week
after the final performance of "Ser
geant Kitty" to-night.
All the forces at the Tivoli's com
mand will be bent toward giving a per
formance of "Robin Hood" that shall
go on record as "superb." The scenery
and costumes will be all that the strict
est demands of the book and the locale
require, while the musical and stage
forces win be put to the test of/ the
severest comparisons to insure a per
fect rendition.
The cast that will Interpret "Robin
Hood" will challenge comparison with
any singing cast anywhere. Several of
the names have been especially Ident
ified with the opera and the others will
command attention. Announcement of
yesterday by a kettle of boiling water
falling on him. He was seriously in
jured and was taken for treatment to
the Emergency Hospital.
Archibald has a, wooden leg. In at
tempting to life the kettle from the
range the artificial limb gave way,
causing him to fall and scald himself.
NO SHOW FOR' A WEEK
AT TIVOLI OI'ERA-HOUSE
No Damage From Grade Change.
The Board of Works yesterday . in
formed the Supervisors that no dam
ages resulted from the change " of
grade on Lotta street .at 'Parnassus
avenue. Two claims were filed, one of
which was withdrawn and the other
rejected.
George Archibald Scalded.
' George Archibald, a" cook, employed
at the Clarendon Hotel, was scalded
Trouble Over Diamond Earrings.
• A warrant was obtained from Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday for the ar
rest of "K." Schwartze, Jeweler, 17
Market street, on a charge^of felony
embezzlement. It is alleged that on
Thursday he got from William
Schmalz & Sons, jewelers, 767 Market
street, a pair of diamond earrings
valued at $350 to show to a friend and
he has failed to return the earrings or
pay for them.
The University Mound and Bay
View Improvement Club elected the
following officers at its last meeting:
President, George H. Roundey; vice
president, Henry A. Tessmer; secre
tary, George D. Burge; treasurer, F.
H. DIeckmann; delegates to the Fed
eration of Mission Improvement Clubs,
H. Tessmer, W. Taylor, A. S. Lillie.
The question- of the filling in of the
marsh between Army street and the
carhouse on Kentucky street was tak
e*n up, as In its present condition it
is a menace to the health of the res
idents of the district. The Improve
ment of the San Bruno road to the
county line was also discussed.
Club Elects Officers.
M. P. Sheridan was cited yester
day to appear before Judge Hebbard
and show, cause why he should not
be punished for contempt of court for
failure to pay his wife $20 a month
alimony under the order granting her
a decree of divorce. Sheridan ap
peared and said that while he was
not working he could' not afford to
pay the sum ordered. Judge Hebbard
instructed him to pay $15 on Monday
or go to jail and intimated that the
decree would be modified so that
Sheridan would have to pay $15 in
stead of $20.
Judge Kerrigan of , the Superior
Court yesterday granted a divorce to
Tillle Henrietta Clarke from Joseph
T."*Clarke on the ground of failure to ¦
provide.
' Suits for divorce were filed yester
day With the County Clerk by Mary
L. McBurnle against Robert E. Mc
'B.urnie for desertion, Helen Cookson
against Herbert H. Cookson for fail
ure to provide, Mamie Hunkel against
Henry C. Hunkel for desertion and
Katherine Jackson against Benjamin
F. Jackson for desertion. In the last
named case Jackson sued his wife for
divorce and . a dismissal of the case
was filed yesterday by his attorneys.
She asks for $15 a month alimony and
the custody of two children.
A suit for divorce was filed yester
day in the Superior Court by Eugenia
Griggs, who seeks, through the law,
a dissolution of the marriage bonds
which have bound her to Joseph
Griggs^Cor twenty-six years.
They^jvere married at Sutter Creek.
Cal., ln^October, 1878, and seven chil
dren are the issue of the union. \ She
alleges neglect and cruelty. Among
the instances of his misbehavior
toward his family Mrs. Griggs says
that her husband pointed a shotgun
at their son Lee, and many times
drove their son Albert from home by
throwing stones at him.
In a year past, she says, he has only
contributed $13 50 to provide clothing
for herself and children, and it Is al
leged that he has only bought meat
once in a year for their meals. The
defendant was a soldier in the Civil
War and It is alleged, he receives a
pension of $6 a month.
Euscnla Griggs Tired of Twenty-Six
Years of Married Life — Other
Divorce Cases.
MARRIED IN 1878; NOW
WANTS DIVORCE FOR CRUELTY
PEORIA, 111.. June 11. — Miss Ade
laide Mickel. a teacher in the art de
partment of the Bradley Polytechnic
Institute, In an attempt to rediscover
madder printing # has discovered a
chemical resistant that, when used on
white duck with a stenciled design,
makes possible dyeing in blue and
vhlte. The resistant is applied with
a brush through the stencil and the
material *thus designed with, the re
sistant is thrown into a blue vat.
When removed the design is clear,
there being no evidence of running
colors. The process is similar to zinc
etching work.
Woman Claims to Have Found Mix
ture That Makes Possible Dyeing
In Blue and White.
VALUABLE DISCOVERY MADE
BY A CHICAGO TEACHER
NEW HAVEN. Conn., June 11. —
Bank - tellers, bookkeepers and cler**s
in this city have learned that here
after not only will they be required to
take an anual vacation, but they must
make use of the midday lunch hour
privilege. It is stated that the Bank
ers' Association will also recommend
that it is advisable that all banks ob
serve this precaution.
These regulations have grown out
of the recent charges against a teller
In a local bank who confessed recent
ly that he had embezzled $70,000 and
covered the matter through remaining
at his desk without a vacation for a
number of years and never going out
during business hours for lunch.
Financiers Inform Employes That
They Must Take a Rest
Once a Year.
WILL FORCE BANK CLERKS
TO TAKE THEIR VACATION
WACO. Tex., June 11. — As a result
of friction over the election of a
teacher for a public school at Elk. a
Email town ten miles north of Waco,
a bloody street fight occurred there to
day between R. B. Torrence, his son.
Rivers Torrence, and J. McAden, a
son-in-law of Torrence, on one side
and Dr. Holion, his son and Professor
C W. Perkins on the other. Bad
feeling has existed over the school
matter for some time and when the
principals met to-day they began fir
ing. The elder Torrence was killed,
his body being riddled with bullets.
Dr. Holton and the Junior Holton both
received dangerous wounds, while Pro
fessor Perkins and Rivers Torrence
were seriously wounded. McAden
escaped uninjured. Shotguns and
pistols were the weapons used.
tion for Teacher.
One Mail Killed and Four Others
Wounded in Fight Over an Elec-
BLOODY DUEL IS FOUGHT
ON STREET OF TEXAS TOWN
NEW YORK, June 11. — Surround
ed by a pack of yelping curs, a young
man believed to be the son of wealthy
parents and a graduate of Packard
University of Virginia has been found
unconscious In the woods near Flush
ing, L. I. Part of his clothing was
missinc and he had been bitten many
times by the dogs.
After having been treated at a hos
pital he g^tve the name of E. W. Wal
lace, Norfolk, Va., and said he was an
artist. It was learned that Wallace
had occupied a hut in the uplands
near Flushing for several months,
studying and sketching in the vicinity.
He was held for an examination by
alienists. '¦'¦•'S
The hut where Wallace lived was
filled with sketches and paintings.
It laud Woods — Unconscious
When Found.
F.es;rued From Pack of Dors In Long
UNIVERSITY GRADUATE
SAVED FROM AWFUL FATE
FLORENCE. Arit, June 1L — John
Manning, n Deer Creek rancher and the
principal witness for the Territory In
the prosecution of W. T. Armstrong,
former Sheriff of Gila County and head
cf * rang of c&ttle thieves, has dropped
out of sight.
Manning's disappearance is unac
countable except for the Tact that he
took euch a prominent part in the pros
ecution of Armstrog. who was srnt to
the penitentiary. It Is no secret that
members of the Armstrong gang tried
to intimidate Manning before the trlaJ
and threatened vengeance after the
cattle thief was sent over the road for
five years.
Manning was as handy with a six-
Bhooter as any member of the gang and
told them openly that they would never
pet him except from ambush.
Strange to say the Deer Creek
rancher disappeared during a visit to
Florence, Thursday, and his horse was
found Friday morning: where he had
put it out. Both his rifle and slxshooter
were strapped to the saddle. Two or
three notorious members of the Arm
strong gang, who are out on bonds,
have been hanging around Florence,
and the officers fear that Manning has
met with foul rlay.
Ho never returned to his Deer Creek
ranch after leaving It on Wednesday.
Bzxdal Dispatch to Th* OOL
There has been some Improvement
in the investment demand for well
secured railroad mortgages, but fluctu
ations in more speculative bonds have
kept the price movement irregular.
United States new fours declined %
and the twos have advanced U per
cent on call during the week.
' European money centers have
grown quite plethoric. There have
been further large receipts of Japan
ese gold at San Francisco, somewhat
contrary to expectations, as the flota
tion of the Japanese loan was ex
pected to check this movement of
gold. The course of the Government
revenues at Washington arouses some
doubts whether the Treasury Depart
ment will be in a position to take
measures for the relief of the money
market which have been employed at
that season for a number of years. A
strong banking position to meet the
fall requirements is therefore regarded
as essential.
Railroad earnings made a continu
ous exhibit of decreases from last
year's level, and the decreased volume
of bank clearings is evidence to the
same effect. While money has con
tinued easy and in little demand the
cessation of the gold export move
ment has been of good effect on senti
ment.
The growth ofi a hopeful feeling
regarding the grain crops has fur
nished a great assurance over the busi
ness prospect In general. Reports of
railroad traffic officials and merchants
disclose the opinion that the level of
business, although admittedly lower
than last year, may be regarded as a
firm basis, with many hopes of expan
sion after the political campaign, sup
posing the harvesting of good crops.
Some such confidence must be ac
cepted for explanation of the firm
neES of the market in face of the evi
dent contraction of business in the
East. The estimate of the output in
iron was the week's most satisfactory
record. —
RAILROAD EARNINGS.
The Financial Chronicle estimates
that the municipal bond sale for
May reached $54,404,338. This in
cludes the $37,000,000 by city bond
issue, but the aggregate figures reached
to one-th'rd the total sales of mu
nicipal bonds for the full calendar
year of 1903. The same authority as
serts that the active demand for mu
nicipal Issues is prompting the con
tinuing flotation of unusually large
amounts of bonds. Total sales of
bonds to-day* (par value), $1,510,000.
Prices of stocks have been strength
ened this week and there has been an
occasional stirring of something like
speculative interest. The movement
was largely due to professional opera
tions withinMhe exchange and was to
an extent in sympathy with the move
ments In special stocks.
SALE OF BONDS.
NEW YORK. June 11. — The short
session of the Stock Exchange to-day
showed good support for prices and
the market closed firm, at the top
level of the week. There was con
siderable realizing, but it was evident
that sufficient satisfaction was felt
over the color of the monthly crop re
port to prompt a good absorption of
this realizing. The day's gains were
not striking, but the steadiness of
prices, in view of the activity of trad
ing, made the tone good. The bank
statement showed about the expected
gain in cash resources and sufficient
to meet the added reserve require
ments by reason of the riae in de
posits, with a margin of $3,801,625,
which w'ent to enhance the surplus
reserve of the banks. .A report from
Washington asserted that permission
had been given for the deposit of
J2.100.000 atthe New York Sub-Treas
ury for transfer by telegraph to San
Francisco, which is a reversal of the
recent current between the two cen
ters without explanation. The mar
ket for investment securities begins to
reflect unmistakable pressure to find
employment for idle capital. To-day's
bond market was broader and more
active than that for stocks. It is
pointed out also that a large business
is being done In high grade railroad
bonds over the counters of the bond
house which does not figure • in the
Stock Exchange transaction.
There are about 10,000 bootblacks on
Manhattan Island, and it is estimated
that 300.000 men have their shoes pol
ished daily.
NEW YORK, June 11.— Bootblacks
from the Battery to the Harlem are ex
cited over an invasion of their domain
by an electric shoe polishing machine.
The mere suggestion that their artis
tic work can be duplicated by a me
chanical contrivance has aroused an
Indignant protest, and at a meeting of
the United Bootblacks* Protective Un
ion it was decided to fight the auto
matic rate-cutting: device.
From proprietors of polishing' parlors
In office buildings, who have accumu
lated fortunes, down to the bare-footed
urchin whose entire capital is a box and
a pair of brushes, there was but one
opinion to-day — "Da machina is no
gooda."
By offering shines for a nickel, and
in quicker time than It Is possible with
an expert bootblack on each foot, the
machine threatens to eat into the in
comes of the frugal Italians, and they
are determined to prevent Its general
introduction In this city. . That the com
pany behind the machine has the back
ing of Standard Oil Interests and is
capitalized at $250,000 does not frighten
them.
Special. Dlep*tch to Th» Call.
Machine Introduced in New
York Threatens to Put
Them Out of Business
Disappears During a Visit
to Florence and Officers
Are Unable to Find Him
Short Session of Exchange
Shows Satisfactory Gains
and Improvement in Trade
HIS LIFE THREATENED
CROP REPORT PLEASING
BRUSH ARTISTS IRATE
Invention Backed by Stand
ard Oil Capital Invades
the Bootblack's Realm
Considerable Eealizing Is
Done, but Market Closes
Finn and at Top Level
Principal Witness Against
Convicted Cattle Thief Is
Now Among the Missing
SHOES "SHINED"
BY ELECTRICITY
STOCKS BRING
GOOD PRICES
FEAR MANNING
WAS MURDERED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1904.
27
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Sale to Be Remembered. High-Class Garments Halved in Price
Girls' ' ™ i Stunning Sailor | Gni s ;
Peter Thompson 1 Suits for Girls I Buster Brown |
SailOrS... f as pictured above, just as stun- $ S&UOrS... V %
| You win find the SW eii young ladies an 1 ningascan be-a pretty costume I Ifeverthcre was creatcd a , tBnniBg |
J over the East and at the swell Watering fi fof girls, in the highest grade Of « costume for girls it is the BUSTER g
1* places wearing the PETER THOMPSON S & & o w BROWN SAILOR, in the blouse and Jf
ft SAILOR. To give you a little idea what » Serges; handsomely braided, « tailor-made skirt— as also in the One-Piece j&
J fr^SFSF irslryg I to nt I Spl^Spi^ ;
I i^fefiig Us ess I § irls from 6 10 16 y ears > in a " J SSL^ffi^ gggS&fj&ffi :
a light PEARL shades in ENGLISH 9 the new Shades. Suits Worth 5 SPUNS. Scotchy patterns. ]
8 HOMESPUNS. The garments are man- » >1Anft ... $ Suits valued up to $13. representing \ •
i| hand-tailored— the edges of the skirt * all the Way Up tO jSlU.UU Will * t h e hishest ideals in Girls' Costumes, and j
I ;HS3^,s^rp E^ I be -arked for Monday and I !
ft THOMPSON SAILORS, in all colors, will § Tuesday Sales, in the GirlS % tomer, as they wiH represent $i 3 and $12.30 X
£ be offered to you Monday and Tuesday, to Jf -. a goods, but one uniform price will prevail ,
« fit girls from 6 to 16 years, at ffl Department, 4th flOOr, at J for them all, and that price is I
I $6.98 h $4.98 & $7.95 -?-.„,
Thompson l^BHBWSBm^^t^-f^^f^ r&T&Wpte&irzpv Brown S
Sai!ors ' JfP^?iP^ SaiI ° rS> §
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*y6jj%Pj£?ip */9\ — - gj^r
. SATURDAY 512 13th ST., j 125 GEARY ST.,
|*llftyl^¥$l TAPESTRY COUCH— A v*ry * ..-vi-^Sh^S_ jET .,_ fi
»Jj»?? \r*s£''M covering ax.d unexcelled uphnlMerlr.g; Q
r rl^'^yr' handrcme new de^cn; actually C7 % ii FOOT STOOL — Vr- H
tf w-orta |35; tUs week only ?'•3U Jou7 covering, brass |
-ODD WASH .. i i^ nails; just the ptocl 1
B STANDS— Just what .-,.., *-. , ,^ „ *°* the cozy cormr; ¦
1 you want for the We Make a Specialty Of rrgular value $1.00. 1 ,
H spare room; good. . " Special this Cn» ¦
I] serviceable article; Furnishing FlatS ™* 3UU i
H regular value S6.0Q. . ¦
B Special this J^./g Complete. £F""'"53i I
IwA tiiliJAi* Worth of Furniture and i I IT m j
*^S $7.50 Cash and $1.50 a Week ™*- MM I
LARGE- HEED • CHAIR. $3.SO{|Q n R
5rE2? l USb E -.< x o* One Do! ap Per Wcek OpcfM * value> at I
16.50. at 4^i*3 an Account. ' vaHfr.«.. 1
i%/^*^%*» We P** *»"«!*ht and carfare. Our f if'/jsPX I
nv- **-£\\ terms also apply to Oakland. Alameda, j, '/, y? k R
l$tm^gr\ Berkeley and all the suburb* V g i©< / B
ICHEFFONIER— Oval » DRESSEK — 24x30; B
French plate mirror. . French plate mirror. If
Gold<Mi Oak finish: _^^ —1L-— „ * ... top draw swell; guar- |f
rwell front; regular DINING TABLE— Extension table; opens 6 anteed solid oak; H
SI7.&0 vaiue. £pc- feet; heavy legs; highly polished; actual regular value $20.00. B
«&™?. $8.95^ e ai"£ff; week >5,ou g.."!'^IO.i)O i
Eg] poso a &oro?ia I
CAMERAS 1
POCO B — 5x7, listed S42, now. >2S.OO A
POCO B — Js5. listed $33, now.WJ.Ot 4
POCKET POCO — 0ViX»V4. A
Il3tfd *!>. now $6.00 M
Corona Xo. o — 1x5. listed 3
J21. now #lt.f>.> §J
Ccrona No. '2 — 3x7, listed S
$25. now $ltt.C5 £|
Hall orders promptly filled. jj
SUNSET BAZAAR. Q
42 Third St.. San Francisco. >'j
Schools and Collages.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THH
TVEST.
24 Post at.. San Trandaeo. Cal.
Estab. 40 Tears. Open entire year, day and night.
Write fcr SO-pas* catalogs* <fr««).
New Quarters — More Space
. ' FX3T£B 2OOX3.
Just moved into our new rooms: r.ew fire-
proof bu!l line. 3 elevators, electric lights,
¦team heat. Do more for students than ever
before. This Is the collega that secures «o
many positions.
San Francisco Business College,
•'. , "33 Mission St.. Near Third.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day Rchool for young ladles aad
little girls. 2128 California street. Will reopen
Auiiist 1. 1904. Accredited to the universities.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M. Principal.
y^^^\} ' JW.' L4J Is the raost prao-tl-
Kf^WrtS^TnT.i? ral : r»commpnd«d
Kgff*C$En$jVjV£j£i by expert court re-
p5«3Mai^SrtgH porters. Send for
K& r r**i£&*>*A**'±' Catiilocue. 13S2
¦¦¦rTBTirHTTilir^r.l Market St.. 3. F.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IRVINOTON. CALIFORNIA.
Holds pre-eminently the confidence of its pa-
trons and the loyalty of its pupils.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
„_._____ School for boys; 14th year
||f)|TTip besins Au?. 9th; lartrer aad
Ml l\ ttronger faculty than ever;
IIUII I W perfect santiation: Illus-
trated catalosrue. W. J.
MEREDITH. Vic* Principal. Menlo Pane. Cal.
Hitchcock Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
WILL REOPEN on August If.
Apply to U» PttadMl.The grocery of F. Tecklemborgr,
1998 Bush street, was entered by bur
glars early. Friday morning and a large
quantity of canned goods stolen from
the shelves. Entrance was effected by,
forcing open the rear door.
Grocery Entered by Borglan.
where Hall has money on deposit, and
Indorse a cashier's draft on the Bank
of Woodland. The cashier's name had
been forged to the* draft and Hall had
to pay the amount. Anderson has
been in trouble before.
The police were notified yesterday
that on Friday afternoon three bales
of wool, valued at $100, had been
stolen from the warehouse of Catton,
Bales of Wool Stolen.
Bell & Co., 436 Townsend street. A
wagon must have been utilized to
carry away the bales. A discharged
employe Is suspected.
Wanted for Forgery.
A warrant was obtained from Police
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest
of Roy Anderson on a charge of for
gery. He met John A. Hall of Com
pany L, Tenth Infantry, last Sunday
and the following day got Hall to go
with him to the First National Bank.
tember 15, 1900, was sentenced to im
prisonment for life. An appeal was
taken to the Supremo Court and about,
ten days ago she was granted a new
trial, chiefly on the ground that the
jury while considering its verdict had
not been kept together.
PREPARING TO BUILD
ROAD FRO3I OAKDALE
Company Is 'incorporated and Con
tracts for Grading the Line
Are Awarded.
The company that purposes to build
a road from Oakdale to Rlverbank, a
station on the Santa Fe's valley route,
was incorporated yesterday under the
name of the Oakdale and * Western
Railway Company. The road, under
the present plans, will cover a distance
of six miles, connecting the Santa Fe
system with the Sierra Railway' and
thereby affording the Santa Fe Com
pany privileges over the Oakdale route
into the Yosemite Valley. A contract
for the grading of the roadbed was
awarded yesterday. It provides that
the work shall be completed by Au
gust 15, when the company will be
ready to begin laying its rails.
The project is backed by William
R. Thorsen and his Eastern associates,
who purchased the West Side Lumber
Company about a year ago, and is said
to have resulted from the Southern
Pacific Company's attempt to enforce
a prohibitive tariff on the product of
the big mills bought by the Thorsen
syndicate. The latter purpose event
ually to extend the new road south aa
far as Santa Clara, with a view of sup
plying the fruit growers of that valley
with boxes and handling eastbound
fruit to its connecting point with the
Santa Fe line.
Minnle* Adams Again in Court.
Minnie Adams, who was granted a
new trial by the Supreme Court on the
charge of murdering her infant son,
John Richard Gray, on March 13.
1899, by making him swallow a dose
of carbolic acid, appeared before
Judge Lawlor, yesterday and the case
was continued till June 25 to be set.
She looked • haggard and aged. She
was convicted of murder in the first
degree on July 31, 1899, and on Sep-
Mrs. Clara Carney has removed her
belongings from the apartments at 2827
Sixteenth street, owned by Joseph
Enos, and Judge Mogan has dismissed
the charge of peace disturbance filed
against her by that gentleman several
weeks ago, when he complained that
she was an undesirable tenant because
she had presented his potted plants to
her friends after vainly trying to dis
guise the pots with paint. Mrs. Carney
laid several Impeachments against Mr.
Enos, and as the honors seemed to.be
about ,«ven, the Judge wisely con
tinued the case until Mrs. "* Carney's
month's occupancy expired and she
could remove her household goods
without rekindling the rumpus.
Edward Trewin, charged with ap
propriating to his own use certain
funds entrusted to his keeping as col
lector for the Bertin Dye Works, plead
ed guilty to misdemeanor embezzle
ment and will be sentenced tOtmorrow
by Judge, Mogan.
and the police say he is the director
general of a band of Juvenile bay
pirates.
• • •
NATIVES FEAR MASSACRE
AT HANDS OF THE TURKS
Failure of Sultan's Troops to Reach
Rebels Brings Terror to
Vilayet.
WASHINGTON. June 11.— United
States Consul Norton at Harput re
ports to the State Department that
regular Turkish soldiers in large num-
Vtrs ere in all parts of the vilayet of
Mush, where the revolutionists are un
der arms. The soldiers are unable. to
come into touch with the rebels and
have become so exasperated that the
natives are in deadly fear of massacre.
Colonel George Fabyan, president
of the association, declared the people
of Chicago were illiberal. The di
rectors asked for $50,000. The amount
subscribed slightly exceeded $6000.
CHICAGO, June 11. — The project
inctituted by the Chicago Amusement
Association for the celebration of a.
"sane" Fourth of July by subscription
has been formally abandoned at a
mreting held for that purpose. The
funds raised were Insufficient. The
rlan included free fireworks by the
children under the supervision of ap
po'ntces of the association, with phy
s'clans and the fire department near
at hand.
Plan to Hold "Sane" Celebration
Given Up Because of Lack
of Funds.
OLD-FASHIOXED FOURTH
SUITS CHICAGO CITIZENS
Immigration inspectors who made a
cursory examination of the newcomers
said they did not bear any striking dif
ference from those who had preceded
them.
NEW YORK, June 1L— With 718 per
sons in the steerage, the American liner
Philadelphia reached port to-day. The
Philadelphia Is the first vessel to arrive
from an English port since the new
cut rate of $3 CO for each steerage pas
senger -was established.
This low rate Is ridding the low quar
ter of London of its undesirable popu
lation, and the scum of Whitechapel is
now coming to this country.
The status of those who arrived by
the Philadelphia has not yet been de
termined by the Immigration officials.
The contingent was brought to Ellis
Island Just as the hour of examination
was closing.
Special Dlepatch to The Cfctl,
Nearly One Thousand Per
sons Arrive on the Phila
delphia at New York
Seventeen-year-old Sue Anderson of
223 Ivy avenue would now be a June
bride and receiving congratulations as
Mrs. Frank Benjamin If It had not
been a sort of unofficial half holiday
in the City Hall and Hall of Justice
and the Mogan marriage bureau.
Miss Anderson's relatives had Mr.
Benjamin arrested for assuming the
responsibilities of paternity without
undergoing the ceremonial prelimi
nary insisted upon by common mor
ality and the statutes of the State of
California, and he was booked to an
swer before Judge Mogan yesterday.
Then It was announced that he had
expressed a willingness to rectify the
omission referred to on condition that
he would not be prosecuted. Miss An-
"Fo f twenty yeahs, yo* Honnah," said
Miss Waterford to Police Judge Mogan,
"this yah defendant enjoyed mah es
teem an' respeck. I regahded him as
a pufflck gen'lem'n. Dat's wot an
guished me."
Miss Waterford then went on to state
that on Friday afternoon she was en
tertaining at her resldence,168 Tehama
street, a couple of her friends, and that
during her temporary absence to pur
chase refreshments the domicile was
Invaded by Charles Green, who offered
lottery tickets for 6ale. Miss Water
ford's friends declined to invest, where
upon Mr. Green "cut up nasty" and was
ejected. He was pounding the street
door and emitting unprintable language
when Miss Waterford returned, and
when she asked for an explanation of
h*s behavior he drew a knife of the pro
verbial "ugly-looking" kind and threat
ened to slay her.
"Wld dat yah knife he held me in
hostage," the ladv continued, "an' I
didn't know wot minlt wud be my nex'
till I ducked an' dodged an' g.ot up de
back Btaihway."
Mr. Green denied the knife-brandish
ing accusation, and said he pounded
the door because in his hasty exit It
had been shut on a portion of his coat
tall, holding him prisoner. As to hav
ing lottery tickets in his possession, he
guessed the less he said about that the
better it would be for himself. He was
pronounced guilty of both charges, and
when the Judge's decision was uttered
Miss Waterford chuckled her glee until
Bailiff Hickey silenced her with his re
spect-compelling gavel.
It was not his peddling of lottery
tickets, nor yet his disturbance of the
peace, that brought upon Charles Green
(colored) the wrath of Mis3 Lillian
Waterford (also colored). She had been
on earth long enough to learn that even
the most exemplary character Is not
Immune from police attention, and she
could cheerfully overlook any ordinary
breach of the common laws which Mr.
Green had committed. But his brand
ishing of a knife In her face and threat
ening to carve her with the 'weapon
could never be condoned bo long as she
breathed the breath of life.
Judge Mogan held ] Ed Crawford to
answer a grand larceny charge in the
Superior Court, with bail fixed at $500.
The defendant was accused of stealing
several rolls of canvas from the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company's
wharf and an express wagon driver
Identified him as one of three men
who transferred the stolen property
from a boat to a wagon, in which it
was conveyed to the store of a dealer
in ship's supplies. The defense tried to
show that the canvas was afloat when
it was picked up by the men In the
boat Crawford is a remittance man
• • •
Maggie Mowrie, -./ho spat in the face
of a male visitor who declined to trip
the light fantastic with her In 'a Pa
cific-street dance hall, was adjudged
guilty of vagrancy and will be sen
tenced to-morrow by his Honor Mogan.
Charles Mowrie, the woman's husband,
who was arrested for punching the
face in which his better half had ex
pectorated, proved that he was not a
vagrant, inasmuch as he works every
day as a teamster, and he also con
vinced the court that he does not ap
prove of his wife's calling and vainly
endeavored to get her away from It.
The charge of battery remains, how
ever, and on that he will be tried to
morrow.
Judge Fritz issued an attachment for
the arrest of Harry Mondooly, who ac
cused a Bacon place woman of stealing
$40 from him and then failed to appear
to prosecute her.
As a consequence of his once having
helped the police, the charge of imper
sonating a licensed plumber on which
William Yakowskl was before Judge
Mogan has been dismissed. It was Ya
kowski's information that led to the ar
rest, conviction and execution of three
Russian ex-convicts who murdered the
Weber family in Sacramento about
ten years ago. "The assassins boarded
at the Yakowskl residence.
Charles Kady was convicted of bat
tery on November 18, 1903, and Judge
Fritz sentenced him to fifty days' Im
prisonment. He appealed to the Supe
rior Court and sentence was suspended.
The upper court, however, sustained
the magistrate's action, . and now
Charles Kady must serve his fifty days
—If the Dollce can find him. The com
plainant was a married woman who ob
jected to his attentions.
• • •
Mrs. Annie Speakman, charged with
attempting to murder Mrs. Clara Lefe
vre by cutting her with a carving knife
one day about a month ago, was ready
for trial before Judge Mogan, but again
a continuance was asked for and grant
ed on the ground that Mrs. Lefevre is
unable to appear in court because of
her injuries. The case will be called
again next Saturday. It looks to the
experts as if strenuous effort is being
made to effect a settlement out of
court.
• • •
Emma Carroll, vagrant, was saved
from a long term of Imprisonment
through the mediation of "Rebel
George," the evangelist, who persuaded
Judge Fritz to allow the woman to re
turn to the Oakland home of her re
spectable parents. "When I looked at
her face," said the mediator, "I saw
that she was ashamed of herself, and
when I learned that her parents would
not have anything more to do with her
I prayed to the Lord to soften their
hearts. Then I talked to them and
found that my prayer had been an
swered. I have no fear of her back
sliding. Her repentance is keen, she
has found the light and the Lord will
help her."
William "Wilson, who attempted to
transform a Market street saloon Into
a slaughter-house one night two weeks
ago, was fined $25 for carrying brass
knuckles by Judge Cabaniss.
Charles Tehl, a bartender out of a
job, satisfied Judge Mogan that in
ability to obtain employment at his
regular vocation was the sole cause
of his alleged failure to provide for
the support of his minor child. If
there were fewer persons ready to
tend bar or more bars in need of tend
ing Mr. Tehl opined hla family might
have no reason to complain of negli
gence on his part; but the fact was
that the supply of mixologists exceed
ed the demand for mixology. To all
of which the court lent attentive ear
and then desired to be informed If
Mr. Yehl's apparent reluctance to turn
his hand to some other honest means
of bread getting was Incurable. Mr.
Tehl replied that he did not think it
was, and then his Honor suggested
that ha apply the cure as speedily as
possible. "For," added the bench, "I
don't think you would sacrifice more
personal dignity by tackling any Job
you can get than you are losing by
having those dependent upon you for
life's necessaries complaining that you
fail to provide for them."
Subsequently is was ascertained that
the official who Issues the wedding
permits could not be found by the
perspiring Andersons until he return
ed from refreshing the inner man and
then it was too late to have the union
effected unless an exploring expedition
was sent "out in quest of Judge. Mo
gran. The marriage will be pulled off
to-morrow, however, Mr. Benjamin's
incarceration continuing until he Is
pronounced a husband.
So when the case was called and the
Judge heard of the agreement he ad
vised the Andersons to hurry up If
they desired to have the knot tied that
day, as the morning was far advanced
and haste was essential to obtaining
the license In time to have the nup
tials performed at high noon, his in
variable hour for officiating at such
pleasant functions. There was In
stant scurrying between the two halls,
but, alas! 12 o'clock came and went
and the license appeared not. His
Honor even waited till 1:4 6 and then
reluctantly locked up his chamber
and went to luncheon.
deraon and all her folk were eager to
accept Sir. Benjamin's proposal and
one emotional lady averred that even
the week-old baby In the case had
opened Its eyes and amil.ed acquies
cence.
LINER'S HOLD CROWDED
Scum of Whitechapel Is
Attracted to America by
the Cheap Steerage Eate
With a Proverbial "Ugly Looking" Knife
Charles Green Severs the Respect
in Which Miss Waterford Held Him
PAUPERS COME
BY HUNDREDS
TWENTY YEARS' ESTEEM
SHATTERED AT A BLOW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1904.
28
ADVESTISE1LENTS.
Is Cured by Electro-Chemistry
/SJjfa^ Another patient tells of her
T&jMijQk cure. Her home physician told
jffiy ;?«^v 0^%n*« k er that she would have to go to
H^Sp* -£ _y^T Arizona and live in that hot, deso-
y^^JT*^^/"! J^rKt* He told her that she could not
I V?*^ m|W|N live many months in this climate.
/ \ til Hi IMl In! C waS CU^ C( * Electro-Chem-
t fi ft/Salf II il llfl Hi istry right here at home. She did
I k Hut A not ave t0 eave home and
W\m^iil'M< Mill friends - Read her own grateful
f : 7&^tf ll ffi^z^L) words regarding the Electro-
$tl&wff/JJf i\ Chemic Treatment. Mrs. Iverson
*~ *~ says :
"Mr *fooM« b ««raa with a e«v*re cola. It eettl«!d In my Iunrs. I had a very
•even court and exptclorated bad looking «tuff from my lungs. I became frightened and
west to my home pbyaician an<l he told m e that I mu«t immediately leave this climate
and eo to Arizona. He said that I was In a very Berloug condition and that 1 could not
live in CalUomla. It T.a» almost impossible for me to leave my children and ko to
Arizona and fortunately for me. about thi 8 time. I heard of the Electro-Cheroic treat-
ment. When I consulted the Electro-Cbemic specialist he found my condition a serious
™« and told me that I had come Just In time. At this time I was having frightful
pnins In tr.y lungs and I could hardly eWp at night for the cough. I had such awful
r. cht eTveats that the bed clothing was alrr.ont saturated as If it had been dlDned in
water. This of course was taking my Btrength very rapidly and I had lost about twenty
pound* in weight I <3o not remember exactly, but I believe that three Electro-Chemic
treatment* stopped my night sweats and in the course of two or three weeks the cough
and the expectoration had entirely disappeared. I trained weight from the very start
of the treatment and was dismissed cured October the 5th of last year. I passed throuch
the winter months without the least symptoms of a return of my trouble and as It is
now over eight months since I gave up the Electro-Chemie treatment I feel very' aure
that my cure was a thorough and permanent one. I had intended to publish this tes-
timonial when I gave up the treatment, but I decided to wait and »ee If the results
would ce permanent. I am very sure now that my cure is a lasting one and for that
reason have decided to make this public statement of my cure by the Electro-Ch'mio
treatment and to recommend it to other sufferer* who are In need of It."
MRS. A* O. IVERSON, 2015 Center St.. Berkeley. C*l.
Thle 1* the b«st season of the entire year In which to treat Consmmption. Ca-
tarrh. ABttiaa, Bronchitli and all diseases of the air passages. Many serious
cases will yield to the Electro-Chemic treatment very quickly at this season
that would prove more stubborn even under the Electro-Chemic treat-
ment later in the year and during the winter months. Nature Is doing all she
can to further the cure ct these pulmonary disorders during the summer
months, and with the assistance of a treatment which Is thoroughly constitu-
tional in its effects and which goes directly into the blood, bulldlnr it ud bv
placing oxygen directly into the bloo<i stream, thus destroying the germs of these
diseases, curative results are experienced very quickly in far advanced and
errious cases. Any one desiring to know more about this wonderful Electro-
Chemic treatment Is cordially invited to call at the Electro-Chemic Institute
So. 118 Grant Ave. corner of Post St.. for a thorough Electro-Chemic X-Ray ex-
nmination. a thorough demonstration and trial treatment, absolutely free of
OTHER ELECTEO-CHEMIC SPECIALTIES
Th« Electro-Chesilo treatment is Just as «ncceMfal In otner ierlou« maladies,
erd the followinr diseases are quickly thoroughly and cheaply cured, aa by no
other treatment. "We extend a cordial Invitation to sufferers from any of the lol-
Jowiasr diseases to come for free consultation, examination and trial treatment.
Zlectro-Chemistry cures ouickly. cheavly and without operation:
CANCEE3. TUMOES, OLD ULCERS. ZCZrBIA. BEET7BKATXSM NEURAL-
GIA, 1OCOMOTOE A TAXIA, PABAXYSIS. DEAF1TESS, HEAD ITOISES, INSOM-
2T1A. OOITBE. BSI3HT'S DISEASE. DIABETES. DTSPEPSIA. PILES, «J1 Dis-
eases Of the STOMACH, LIVEE, KIDNEYS. BLADDEB and BOWELS, all JTEB-
VOUS DISEASES and SPECZAX DISEASES Or MEW and WOMEN. *" ¦"''*'*
HOME TREATMENT
The Electro-Chemic home treatment Is most successful. ' Patients living- at a
distance are loaned, fzte of chartre. an expensive Electro-Chemic outflt. When
wcssible it is always best for the patient to ray one visit to the office for a thor-
cusrh personal examination. When this is impossible the patient should write a
full description cf the principal symptoms, nxd full instructions reirardinsr the
hcine examination and treatment will be promptly forwarded, free of charge
THE ELECTRO=CHEMIC INSTITUTE
1 18 Grant Ave., Corner Post St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
OFFICE HOURS — 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8 p. m., daily. Sundays 10 a. m
to 1 p. m.
SEP ABATE APABTIXENTS 70S XiADXE3 AND GENTLEMEN.
iLDVEBTISEltZNTflL
TSfcBfflH bhSrH CJ C3 f\\f ¦¦¦ 1^^^ m ft off* fflfl Phi
«)3 HftJi I Pun Hi fattm tfi at* mrm. fHTTftK *tw& WJfVtAySPJTf* vKma^C% JUBlHWB ¦
HHK«wSK3pO WWjXierr SB ' p^»<^u* iivmi ii# ww «• ywlvn VHi • 1»<^»**t*^m ffl mm JB UkWI ¦¦ . .^9SSI * •" ' l 1
nJrBiifl'r tfRAKCIS MABIE KNO WX-TOIf, >v
KIM OOROTCT CUM, «•• <terteM^. ttl 4 *i l^ Chle^» ™^ VXMB LUCT MAT.
CHICAGO. _ CHICAGO."-T
LITTLE FRANCES. MARIE "KMOWLTON
«*»» phototrwphtppeara [herewith has a most bcautlfuJ [head of golden hafr, thicker tban the crown of jrlorY tt ffiSBt
inaturo women. Prances is only four yean old, and her hair hangs within 12 Inches of the floor. The extraordinary hair
a child of her age In the world. The other two ladles whose photographs are shown here are certainly delijrtted^th the
results they are getting. Neither of them having hair that would reach to their walsta before b^rm?™^ \* «« J>* nL^dl^Z
iT IS POSiTIVE AND PERMANENT IN ITS RESULTS?
When applied to the scalp ea fitter old or young, lt mS kes the hair sprout and grow thick, long and beautiful, and there
tomp'Jsn erery result we claim. NOW »t au druggists in three sizes, 25 cents, 50 cents and S1 .00 wr bottle.
.S85^${££$r BEDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents.
AJVEBTISE3CENT3. ~~ __
If®!! It is impossible for the elements of risk to enter into your purchases from the Store l^giw
|ra on the Square. THERE IS A GUARANTEE back of everything that we sell that protects you. ffeisi]
l|Jj[lf We have a standard of quality to maintain that insures lasting satisfaction. gJSfl
¦|sg3Sffiffij rOLDiwo bed — Golden Parlor Table— Solid oak, ; , |i~ "**• modious drawers. iT^^j^l
lJ5B~*ijgg| finish, paneled front, mantel golden finish, turned legs, * ¦ W - J °- ¦ Hlshly polished. faJESSg |
i«m K@a top, highly polished, complete ritHHlv hrarrri with ch^if TWO-PIECE BEDROOM STTCT — Golden finish. Wood Thoroughly wellfiiB B3a
tifflma with woven "*.,' y ; °w C \j" . snc "' selected for Us beautiful grain. Massive C12 Cft made - £ S QC«H
WboSlM wire mattress.. COC ffA *4X24 inches, box <£O ir| carving. Hi B hly polished. Dresser has bevel >/:S.JlJ Price J)O»OD M*fis3»ii
l£ZpHe|| v>£O.v»U top. Price $£.IU plate mirror. Thoroughly well made. Price 4**-'*'»*' v V&FS*
H carpets is^ySSl D J¥!5'^n
%£% coverinBTlmbodying 0 .!! thl W^\ \ W^Bff^W^MMWMW^i I vf °* cx P ertS > whom |Lj3|
||iga worthy makes. Hundreds of |&f I^IGSwiS-di* Wm H ilEiLdfaiSP 7$ vou are at hbert >' to consult pCg^l
|P^>i magnificent designs, suitable lO Our kitchen department is filled [)\ with regard to your draper- gfpra]
ES © ra , .... ,. \ to overflowing with kitchen necessi- / -i • w •,« v * n t&ftm
W£*M for P arlor > llvin & room ' din - \ ties. The chief features of the de- / j 1C3 * c Wl11 bc pIca5ed t0 zkgjl
Wj^dFtk ing room hall or bedroom. \ partment are the REGAL and the / j have you call and see our %r«^\4
IPwi A vast array of color from *^ad MAJESTIC RANGES. The REGAL <&Qp0 choice selections of LACE \p$St\
W@Tm * } : color trom is without question the best cast range rm?TATMC , pnRTTT . pT ,» ifSll
fflfepSBffl gorgeous effects of the on the market, guaranteed in every point. Terms, $i.oo t.UKlAlNb, FUKilbKLS, fiS"^
liniSni Orient to the soft blending down and $i.oo a week. The MAJESTIC stands without a COUCH COVERS, COZY eT^Ii!
K»»5£*5a r.( tu~ n, n^ rn cM,nr>i r>f A* P ccr among steel ranges. Built of malleable iron and pure roT?NFT?<; )n H ™t At**** vK2J&
jWESSSea of the modern school of de- £ heet gted « . fc . g absolute i y indestructible. Each of these CORNERS and cut draper- g||^
fr^"g| j& sign. \ou will feel well re- ranges fills a sphere of its own. We guarantee to please 1C S- You are always wel- Kifma U
""nJSv," paid for a visit. you, no matter what you wish to pay. come. imIhimIiThieves Are Active.
University of Chicago and -for several
years was a missionary in the State
of Wisconsin and more recently pastor
of the large Baptist church ln Law
rence, Kans. He has had an experi
ence* ln Christian work which enables
him to speak with profit to men. Mrs.
Lambert D. Whltehurst of this city
will sing a sacred solo. This is the
largest men's meeting ln the city.
About two months ago John Mc-
Neil, a poor little waif. Jumped from
an Oakland train and lost both of his
legs. He waa taken to the Alameda
County Infirmary, where he Is rapidly
recovering, but has to face the pros
pect of -going through life as a crip
ple. To alleviate his condition Miss
Alice Richardson of Oakland has un
dertaken to teach him shorthand and
Is making efforts to obtain money
enough to provide him with artificial
legs. She writes the following letter:
"Editor of the Call — I write to ask
you if you could Insert a little item
about the collection I am making to
buy artificial legs for John McNeil,
the young boy who jumped off the
train ln ' Oakland about two months
Miss Alice Richardson Wants to Get
little John McNeil Arti
ficial limbs.
APPEALS TO PUBLIC FOR
. FUNDS TO hh^.p CRIPPLE
Will Sleet hi Portland.
The California Promotion Commit-
WABHTJfGTON, Jua« II.— Th« United
States Chars* d" Affaires at Buenos Ayrea re
ports to the Btat* Department UuU aa a result
of the stamping out of the foot and mouth
dls«as« ln the United States tha Argentina
Government ha* removed Its prohibition
! against the Importation o£ cattl* from tho
United States.
teee has received a telegram from Wil
liam M. McMurray at Atlantio City.
N. J., stating that the next meeting
of the American Medical Society will
be held ln Portland, Or., and that the
work of the California Promotion
Committee was of benefit in bringlns
the society to the coast The Promo
tion Committee has taken up with tho
railroads the matter of having con
vention tickets to one point of ths
coast read return via other points, so
that the members of a convention
meeting ln Portland will return via
San Francisco, Loa Angeles or Sacra
mento. All the cities of the West are
working for a large number of con
ventions.
ago and lost both legs. He is a poor,
ignorant little fellow and is ln the
County Infirmary hers. I wrote him a
letter stating I would try to gather
up the money necessary and ln the
meantime have been teaching him
shorthand.
"I have about S 8 now, but as the
artificial legs will cost $160, It seems
Impossible to gather enough from
here. I ask people for 10 cents and
some of them give 60 cents, but If 1500
people would give 10 cents apiece it
would be obtained without any one
feeling the mite given. If It is pos
sible to do so, will you make the mat
ter known so that any of your readers
may assist in the case if so dis
posed?"
Subscriptions may be addressed to
Miss Alice Richardson, District Attor
ney's office, Oakland, Cal.
Twenty-Third Picnic of the Thistle
Club Gives Promise of Being
a Success. .
v The twenty-third' annual picnic and
LOYAIi SCOTCHMEN PREPARE
FOR THEIR ANNUAL OUTING
Dancing in the pavilion also inter
ested a large number of the excursion
ists. The picnickers did not return
home until late in the evening.
The people of St Vincent's parish,
San Francisco, congregated at Fairfax
Park, near San Rafael.- yesterday for
their annual outing. About 2500 per
sons were present The largest crowd
came across the bay at 11 o'clock via
the North Shore Railroad, arriving at
the picnic grounds about noon. Many
hundreds of others, however, waited
until the afternoon. Games and dif
ferent outdoor sports attracted those
athletically Inclined. Valuable prizes
were awarded to the winners of the
various contests.
Great Crowd of Excursionists Enjoy
Day at Fairfax Park.
ST. VINCENT'S PARISH OUTING.
Simpson Memorial Methodist Epis
copal — Morning, "Paul's Account of
Himself"; evening, "Which Is the First
Commandment?" Pastor, Rev. John
Stephens. ***¦>.
First Methodist Episcopal — Even-
Ing, "The Secret of Contentment."
Pastor, Rev. E. F. Brown.
Grace Methodist Episcopal — Morn
ing, "The Blunder in Living"; evening,
"Dealing in Futures." Pastor, Rev. F.
M. Larkln.
• The mass-meeting for men to be
held ln the Young Men's Christian
Association auditorium this afternoon
at 3 o'clock will be addressed by Rev.
L. P. RuBsell of Lawrence, Kans. Mr.
Russell has been for several months
preaching for the First Baptist Church
of this city. . He is a graduate of the
Welsh Presbyterian — Morning, Welsh
sermon by the pastor; evening, Eng
lish sermon by the Rev. William
Logan of the Lebanon Presbyterian
Church.
Trinity Methodist Episcopal—Morn
ing, "The Christ of Science"; evening,
"The Holy Spirit of Science." Pas
tor, Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
First English Lutheran — Morning,
"A Bad Excuse Is Worse Than None";
evening, "The Significant Silence of
Jesus to Seemingly Important Mat
ters." Pastor, Rev. E. Nelander.
Archibshop Montgomery will ad
minister confirmation in St, Mary's
Cathedral to-day.
Rev. Henry D. Whittle will preach
at the 10:30 mass this morning at
St. Ignatius Church. In the evening
the devotions preparatory to the Feast
of the Immaculate Conception will
take place. The sermon in the even
ing wil be by Rev. Dlonyslus Ma
honey.
The members of the Gentlemen's
Sodality will meet this morning at 7:20
o'clock ln the chapel, when dressed ln
their regalia and headed by the of
ficers, they will march in solemn pro
cession to the large Church' of St.
Ignatius and receive holy communion
ln a body. The occasion will be of
much interest to the society, as this Is
the month that the church as well as
the sodality devotes to special devotion
to the sacred heart of Jesus.
Other services will be as follows:
Archbishop Montgomery Will Admin
ister Confirmation ln St. Mary's
Cathedral To-Day.
SERVICES AT THE CHURCHES
OF VARIOUS DENOMINATIONS
Odd Fellows who failed to attend
the excursion and picnic at Fernbrook
Park yesterday missed a very enjoy
able outing. About 9 o'clock 600
members of the order, under the mili
tary branch. Canton San Francisco No.
5, left the ferry building en route
the park, accompanied by their fami
lies.. Upon arriving at the park the
band filed Into the pavilion and danc
ing began. Toward noon an intermis
sion allowed the picnickers to dispose
of the ample provisions they had
brought Then came more dancing.
About 3 o'clock the games and races
were run and the prizes distributed.
The following is a list of the events:
Girls under 10 — 50 yards; prizes,
two dolls. Won by Miss Mildred
Buzacot, Miss May Kelly second.
Boys under 10 — 50 yards; prizes,
baseball glove and knife. Won by
Albert Kent, Harvey Comstock second.
Girls under 16 — 50 yards; prizes,
lady's purse and autograph album.
Won by Jennie Hill, Anastasla Mc-
Grath second.
Boys under 1« — 100 yards; prizes,
watch and knife. Won by Peter
Lowrie, H. Adelson. second.
Young ladies — 60 yards; prizes, pic
ture and box writing paper. Won by
Lauranla Perry. Beatrice Lawrence
second.
Men — 100 yards; prizes, box of
cigars and pipe. Charles Rathbone
and August Effan tied for first, Frank
Johnson second.
Rebecca race — 50 yards; prizes, .pic
ture and box of writing, paper. Won
by Lauranla Perryi Beatrice Lawrence
second!.
Fat men's . race^ — 60 yards; first
prize, box of cigars; booby prize, a
dolL Winners, S. D. Le Claire and J.
Greenberg.
The following composed the picnic
committee: J. W. Harris, chairman;
C. H. Kornbach, treasurer; J. W.
Downey, Henry Schwerin, Robert
Black, Charles Benedict and C I*
Zigler.
at Fernbrook Park.
Members of the Order Enjoy the Day
ODD FELLOWS SLAKE MERRY.
the entire amount was divided up
among the children.
outing under the . auspices of th« Ban
Francisco Scottish Thistle Club will
take place at Shell Mound Park,
Berkeley, on Monday, July 4. The an
nual complimentary entertainment of
the club Is scheduled for the evening
of July 1.
The committee in charge of the pic
nic has about completed its labors and
everything is practically ln readiness
for the big event A grand pro
gramme has been prepared, which will
Include all kinds of games and athletic
sports for amateur and professional,
young and old. Special boats will be
run at short Intervals to accommodate
the crowd that Is expected.
For the complimentary entertain
ment of the club, which will take place
at the Alhambra Theater on July 1,
many well-known professional enter
tainers have already been secured.
Admission will bo by Invitation only
and those desiring to attend will be
obliged to secure tickets from some of
the members of the club.
The seven little girls that won prizes
for Jig acd reel dancing were Aileen
Buckley, Frances Keith, Martha Bow
ers, Lucy Sullivan, Kitty Healy and
Eileen Murphy. Thers wer« no adult
competitors for the dancing prizes and
Wheelbarrow race for boya under 15
— Martin Murphy first,' George Francis
second.
Wheelbarrow race for boys under 18
years — 6. Barren won, A. Campbell sec
ond.
Relay race for young men, partners
to carry each other half way round the
track— E. J. Dooley and J. Savage won.
The running: Jump and the running
hop etep acd Jump were both iron by
S. Barren.
Mere than 4000 persons from this city
visited Schuetzen Park yesterday to
attend the annual picnic of the Youths'
Directory. The directory is an institu
tion founded by the Rev. Father Den
nis O. Crowley and at present presided
over by him. Its object is to rescue
boys of tender years from vicious eur
roundlr.gs and educate them to ideas of
religion. honeEty and industry, instead
of allowing them to become criminals.
To accomplish # these purposes a
school was instituted In this city which
Cld so much good in a reformatory way
that admirers of the institution donat
ed 600 acres of farming land ln Marln
County to the directory. Here the boys
are taught the dignity of labor and the
recompense of industry and many a
youngster has been saved from a crjm
lnal career by this education.
The annual picnic yesterday was the
most successful from a financial and
social standpoint that has ever been
given by the directory. The day was
exceptionally warm, but the trees ln
the park and a grateful breere allayed
most cf the discomfort from the torrid
ireather. An excellent band furnished
music ln the pavilion, which was
crowded all afternoon and evening
with dancers. Interesting games for
young and old were arranged, for
which valuable prizes were offered.
Beven clever little girls participated la
the Jig dancing and each received a
prize. Nearly one hundred gate prizes
of value and utility were awarded
those holding lucky tickets of adxnis
elon. The picnic was under the direct
supervision of Father Morgan, assist
ant to Father Crowley. He was every
¦where, welcoming the coming and
speeding the parting guest. Everything
In his power he did to see that those
attending enjoyed the day's outing.
Winners of the games were as follows:
Race for girls under 9 years old —
Maraba Bowers first, Ida Murphy sec
ond.
Rac<* for girls under 12 years — Olive
Beckley first, Gertie Clancy second.
Race for girls under 15 years — Susie
O'Connor first, Alice McConalorge sec
ond.
Race for girls over 15 years— Alice
OCallaghan.
Race for boys under 8 years— Michael
Cullen.
Race, for boys under 12 years — Men
ten Z. ilenton.
Race for boys under 15 years— John
Quinn.
Pace for boys over 15 years— W. Oats.
Race for Youths' Directory boys un
der 9 years — Phil Farrell.
Race for young ladles, open to all-
Jennie Pierce first, Olive Harvey sec
ond.
Race for married women— Mrs. Bourn
won.
Sack race for boys under 12 years —
John Link won.
Sack race for boys over 12 years— O.
S. Campbell won.
Three-legged race for boys under 18
years — E. Dooley and John Quinn won.
Sprinting race, open to all young
men— S. Bourn won.
Race for married men— "William
Burke won.
Race for men over fifty years-
Charles Brown won.
Back raca for young men — Anamada
Sullivan won.
Interesting Contests Are
Indulged In and Valuable
Prizes Awarded to Winners
FOUL THOUSAND ATTEND
ANNUAL PICNIC
MUCH ENJOYED
Outing of Youths' Directory
nt Schuetzen Park Proves
3Iost Successful Ever Held
?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1904.
Two bold daylight burglaries were
reported to the police last night. Al
bion Olssen of 435 O'Farrell street and
Arthur Lundborg of 647A Stevenson
street went bathing at Sutro baths.
While they were ln the water their
clothes were robbed, Olssen's of 122
and Lundborg*s of $32. C. B. Peck,
who has a booth at the Foresters'
carnival, was robbed of a valuable
Btereopticon yesterday. The thief en
tered the booth when Peck was away
to lunch.
29
GEAPE-injTS.
TURN OVER TTME
When Nature Hlnta About the Food.
When there's no relish to any food
and all that one eats doesn't seem to
do any rood then Is the time to make
a turn over ln the diet, for that* s Na-
ture's way of dropping a hint that the
food isn't the kind required.
"For a number of years I followed
railroad work, much of It being: office
work of a trying nature. Meal times
were onr busiest and eating too much
and too quickly of food such as is
commonly served ln hotels and restau-
rants, these together with the seden-
tary habits were not long In giving me
dyspepsia and stomach trouble, which
reduced ray weight from 205 to 160
pounds.
"There was little relish in any food
and none of it seemed to do me any
good. It seemed the more I ate the
poorer I got and was always hungry
before another meal, no matter how
much I had eaten.
'Then I commenced a fair trial of
Grape-Nuts and was surprised how a
small saucer of it would carry me
along, strong and with satisfied appe-
tite, until the next meal, with no sen-
sations of hunger, weakness or dis-
tress as before.
"I have been following this diet now
for several months and my improve-
ment has been so great all the others
in my family have taken up the use
of Grape-Nut* with complete satisfac-
tion and much improvement In health
and brain power.
"American people undoubtedly eat
hurriedly, have lots of worry, thus
hindering digestion and therefore need
a food that is predlg*ested and concen-
trated in nourishment." Name given
Ly Poslum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
Look in each package for the fam-
ous little book, "The Road to .Well-
TUle." ;__\
• r V ; ADVERTISEMENTSL
I Beer is Good for You I
¦ When the patient is weak, the doctor says -"Drink Beer; m
fi When the nerves need food, beer is the usual prescription. So If
1 in insomnia; so in nervousness. $
I The_doctor knows that malt and hops are nerve foods and I
III tonics. And he knows that most people drink too little ill
wn$ fluid to rid the system of waste. STi
I He knowsthat pure beer is good for you. I
II That is why he says "Schlitz/' He knows that Schlitz beer Jf
is brewed in absolute cleanliness. 0 It is even cooled in m
II filtered, air. And every bottle is sterilized. M
g Half the cost of our brewing is spent to insure absolute, m
jA| purity. Ask for the brewery bottling. B&
* The Beer That Made Milwaukee famous. M
JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOJJ ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
J^^^'H^ir^, \"'^^W^Wi^^\ vM lr^ii.^Jr f^JP ILljtlUffisLj? PLfl Ik tH^H fb3^ \J IC 1 KUlJ I I ll VI 1 \J When It Comes to Maolin XTndsrwcar
$J?''&$^^*\*j&\ Istfr j+f^ **Bf **&&& m _ « 41 >t a •* «qm ft • a ¦% -— - *¦ « •¦«¦*% «r «% a • « m m «hbw «¦ GOWNS — Alado of soft blenched
if^M^M smM^^^ ~<sl HICK WHEN YOU BUY HERE- ssa^\^%.zv.t£&i
WHAT OTHERS ADVERTISE. WULlFII1D..WE.SEtrF0R;LES5 g m.J 1 ™^^
AmoDg" the New Ribbons for Summer Nothing More Disagreeable Than Your Corsets. dTf SL?™^ 11 £T STS
MimM y BQSted! Wear> ¦ H0Se C0IDlllg Wm ' ifiszti ZV*™2u™e?£LS' STorchrVce'Tnd'Tus;
"V^WJ.* £& mm &V aff fl e v^ A DOM SS? B w^ UCE a R? curve, W~ <™ at A y ° U ,a IS the VlO^I^ ikM tO Mm
SXrirSou'S-^.. 1 " W|v 5?e. r SSSa^Sa. C0 hSS K SS^tK^^easSTK Wi t^ n^l th tnl7n^l T :. Yonr Snmmer Hats.
JSSIff V Tfr,y*yRg F- y flWIWPPwSWiflmi Made of heavy, all-wool f*i\*/il . luster. In pink, white, < VSSiS\ fen; four straps of extra black and white. Price.uOc SILK FINISHKD MtXL. full 27
mSM mWmF ft VWgPPgSraSS imported homespun, in LV2iH£' hlue> cardinal, green, heavy elastic, with "velvet . _ inches wide: ln pink. blue, charnpneme,
irfSST n-ffMHr-'!r \ HBaBagaaBBfiBl serge and cheviot. Soma &&J&1 lemon, black, etc., etc. AiA pr i P " buttons. Pink, blue, 1,3 (rf'finflTlfl green and white. Price ll) C
«H» fi' -IrV'- '•¦'\vBHHHV wUh *««<>«*. ,.„ corded Price ISVic TO red - whlte and black. If _ " # 4 1 -. . „ . „
KSH Iob. IFjXA Wv&SaSmESXsB* ilounce: others with tailor- ««»«—•—«« Vw vou naid four times this The Coriet of To-Day. PnctflF RFrtnrn
H B -if^n M- -W^HHsHr stitched rufflea. They hang A2STOTHEB. Iff 'ri e e vou wouldn't get any t. Made of double DuSlCr DrOWu.
\3 «GJa i yl-/ 1 1 VV\vT W T ! S£gBr- nnd fit as they should. Satin taffeta, all-silk, tho good, better At the Price Cutter's 2Ro 111* GHcXVjUt. aluminold bonins. This time it's a LADIES'
IrVJ ','1 l\' \ \ \<VV.V V '^^>n^ None worth less than $3.50. heavy kind, higrh luster, full five Inches T AnIFq . RlnP qTTPPnrtTr'Rq—l »•»¦¦¦»'* ¦. whlcn ls so flpxlb i e COLLAR AND TIE. Collar
Use I : 7l" VV\\7Ns:\: ¦ • '.'¦•¦ *"• TV some as high as JS.OO. ¦ On wide. In pink, blue and cardinal. Made of fanrv frlllrti Maitlc that it will not become set to the form. Is made of fancy white pique. _
A KM ••/ ; - • A Bale Monday morning at 9 brown, tan. white and black. Instead u-wknot metal Wk1« and hutton Made of summer batiste; in ribbon ef- and Tl« attached made of C2=v^
\ E» • /¦I •^S^»i : > : A o'clock at the low price of of 40c. at the Price Cutter's '27c clasDa In nink blue red and black fcct : straight front steel; lace trim- fancy dotted lawn, made in
}/i:\\ ¦ •¦!) S2.25 aibbon Bows Tied Prea bv E«.rtM Price lOo med - Young or old, stout or thin, the the Windsor effect and toML
>rVViV{ • \\\ V/ MM>oa bows Tied «ee ny Experts. iuc wea rer of the La Grecque is always caught with a pearl-headed V^T
(^ ; p^^^^^f^:^W We Are Kot the Largest There Is Nothing Looks More Chic ''Economy.' 1 8tylUh : prtea S1 ' BO «fS^!-iIS > .. 1 S?.gS )H
IV" ' r* Wf ""^^'.-^ T • ' / V'-^Xi^v/ **" StOre, Or Styll»h for Warm Weather Ttaa t That X> tot Fuiword Pot AU Oooa StOIlt Women Q^ nt tjt ¥&&
l\ -¦ I ttfljEEdk & : t-S^W^i And we havent any gilt Wklte Dr«. Skirt. HouBewiyes. Who Hare Had Tieir StOut WOIIien. ~^
M • . WS^to^^ Ki^T-d \V '¦•• I counters, but for up-to- Made of steam-shrunk white pique, LADIES" HOSE— Made of India CORSETS Made to A Ton Can Alwaya Piad Tlader-
\ «3^5539HXVf 7 \ yf 1V-. " J date SUMMXB DRESSES saddle back effect, buttoned on the thread, soft as velvet, fancy ribbed. <TT^f£2L Order Here's On« SL wear Here to pit You7 That'.
1 V^^' >^Sbb'V.'-C : /fll \\'\ a - low Prices, that's what sides with large pearl buttons and double heel and toe, summer weight; That Will Cost You Arf\ Our Specialty. Here's One-
\ Wf YaHT- •"»*#/ '¥\'l you-U find here. trimmed with tailor-stitched band fin- In tan and brown only. Instead of 25c, iieh6%>£~ / )> £.7, K«ir and ifjj) r imrT fkT»i^wa_T'
¦ ; 1 IxKWw fell Made of XX Quality of lshed with a deep hem. Price. .«1.' 5 O Monday's and Tuesday's price. .. .17c #«• ££ «Sk ta^SP suSStr w^t um'
¦'V A (AlnM 'i' £>/// •*"l'I Dutch lawn. In navy and L prove Tour Form. \-^M brella thawd »nii trimm^ Ii.k „
f* if m S^ad^w^^he^w^ I AI0 MATTER how low the price Is quoted by others on I cor^ad^f "liKr&^LtSS?
f !¦': if i #] SSnffwith^Salh n b e raVd y 1^ advertised specials, you will find them still lower at the KSffSrSS V Price ' 2t>c
\ \W& N Iri wftkTial 1111^ price cutter's, we invariably undersell ail others, and KitivSy d re b di?S. *• Tbdomin^prTce You Cannot Afford to Let These Ladies 1
ilar- / 'if* !?.T..^ ff .. 8l . e . e r. 3 81.98 we invite you to test this claim at your pleasure, choosing ' "c^u pitted'^'iiiS: 75 Silk YestS Slip By.
fflr I 12 for 9 Cents. any article of merchandise suitable for such a comparison. - - , . R . . - . wSfta'awSffi. ffihe s a wl w!t h rl a b^
\\nL SHELL HAIRPINS— 4% f i I «« flOBUW HUllUUg lOIlT WD5M8 beading and braid run through; in
WV &i l0 S& S kl o y uft d y r Sorry to Keep You Waiting, We Believe In Selling Quantities, m Perspiration. dl n y\ a n n d d^sWff!!!?.!f/.!-. 0 . 0 :.5oc
\h\ \ \ hair; real tortoise shell in But at tart They Have Arrived. And tow Price Will So Xt. Why Hot Wear the SOTTAVE SHIEliD? T «4l«
m« \i>\\ looks, but not so in price. . -• WAVHTrwa — „.„ ._ - ' ._ Fits enugly underneath your arm LaQlcS.
' A dozen OC ,£//£>. /A/?A » wVv^ /flSfifo «S% : °L A D I ££ 11 * vSe&bfe^Kff Pnt Both of TouTpet Into The.,.
_ . _ f k\kTkSJ F f w *§£//* *v t "P t> tt t^ Aif-nflW!'*.* ffBw r* r\t t^ /*\t> r\r T »nv/i covered, i infra witn vegetaDJo BUD-
v »ii u. nl ,H «f .miii-cMf Whv Nrtt Yon! 1 Hair FrOm f*^ff^^4^^yC GLOVER TilNW-^H? wstr_v^. iP "tance, odorless, free from poisonous Made of English Thread, fast black.
YOU II be prOUd Of yOUrself Wny flOl DaYe IUUr nair riUUl V/yl. /f —\£a? 3 \pm tFf iSS T ™^?*«S£ tI" «ubstances and wUl not irritate tho full finished; white feet; a sure cure
o C -> n .onnnminl chnnnpfif Fall ll£ Ollt V 5^ V (/ dSuhlt twlJt VU'^:?!?;/ most sensitive skin. Health and medl- for sore and tender feet. Price.. 25c
aS an eCOnOmiCal SnOPPtJr ll riUllUg VUl OOUOie tWlSt- X^SL.'--/ fancy dotted effects, col nrofessionn rrraninifnit thpm for m . _ _ ,
you take advantage of our »«*/ -yf ff- I SSt,--BE — -«i *-«.«*. A^JS W SSarSSSSS-SSSK £SS2%TI "¦ZSZZJT £? ' B °'
offerings. Eg,ffl 1 a,S- B *.*p*...«5« jsv^Zf'Tn 5S' Sffit ¦ &*& T,^7^?^™. «'&^JL«SSi « «&
_. x ,. • _ . , „,„ „ 0 in . . . , 0R . black, white and gTay; kid in fit and cream and black. Price them else- Haj ut LOOl lOF IOU TO-fflOrTOW, ing Some mothers c^l 2± jE\
What About Your Laundry Bills Now ? 12c instead of 25c. £ r , 1^ Cu 1 tt2r'. not so ln pri A\ a i A Vn he wher K e , and the ,? wm flnd how o r 2 t - Mariam ? m ev m r e ia?t o in h gYm^i fi^ -^B
_, Here's some LADIES' TOILET or DRESS- PrI « Cutter's A pair 50 C sonable we sell 98c ffldQaffl I ? f triple thread. Sea «f /tj*
<<3h) ™Mkl%r?^'J£l p^j^g l^^Zln^Ud Jast in Time for the Warm Weather. Inexpensive Handkerchiefs w# w215*« H S2iZ 0 Sa ll % r £5 8T £*"» IB f4fef
lOr r s S^« S cS 11 ;^! iU^.^^ tt^¥fflSUSr MI m English S% w3gi?Sn .lS2 U^W
halr S^^^^^ ?^^ff.^."i .^.\ T*x 3c 111 xrU^ftl^ta^ $1-00, and a Wonder for the Honey.
U tClllb. beading:; in pink, blue and cream. LADIES' HA?n)KERCHIEFS /»lv^3^fii collar made with the new LADIES* UNDERSKIRTS, made of
The Store That Saves You Money. FEA THER STITCHED BRAID-In PANTS-Made of same quality as M X & * "^ hemstiichldT ffi[wm turn-over effect, and English moreen, fast black, trimmed
-,. p « , .« dot and cross-stltched designs; the im- above. umbrel]a shaped rum^ tr , mmcd wlth Valenciennes lace. .. .5c /# A cuffs to match, trimmed ?"* » t d ,«*;P^ Ol i"??« an «L* «sht rows of
CWC Snmmer NeClWear. ported kind A piece 5C trl ™™ e ( f wlth lace J "»** &ttln * t0 Z a - LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS^ , with fagoting and large ££*-$£$£* ne dS ma t?rllI wfll S cot?
« -«k%S5.TEJS^ "-. Old Faslion Comfort for the -'" =f || %U&£r2S3SUrf,xr% I, »V?£ K^^HE%1
LADIES' OVER^COLLAR OR RIB- Llttld OnCS. ¦ JUSt ReCeliei ' » rtc »8° 51 *°°
whUe law^hfmJtn^hel^around; in CHILDREN'S VESTS— High A larar. Awortment of Sew' Summer $4.00 IllStCad Of $2.00 ttlld $2.25. 33C Instead Of BOC J8/ LadleS' COIIll)IliatiOIl SultS.
the straight and divided effects. ...... neck and long sleeves; made of Belts. EMB. SILK CHIFFON, for waists T 4t >tt7h« wncp w,\i. .f «..-<- ftttk
kach 5c lightweight cotton. Jersey knit. HERE'S ONE. made of heavy French or millinery purposes; full 20 Inches T tti^J« *««?» «^I«£.«rv i?L T$Zj2 vfW Made of silk finished thread.
COLLAE AND TAB. Pants to match. French band, elastic; made with dip-front buckle wide; silk emb. in flower, leaf and all O vm- ml^v nltterna to eh^« flCi lov *»<**• no sleeves, knea
Made on ££ bunting. Embrold- •«»• length. .- ..... and long slide in the back. Price.. 50c wheel designs. Price S1.00 SJT^iniS^niSS^o lovets°°Sr SL length: neck and armholes fln-
ered in fancy Turkish designs and col A * iuwm *uc mmmm m^ mmmmmmm — — . — — — — — good values here's one for. .Pair 83c ftJH7 ished with beading and braid
2SS»^U^'« crxrr SE ts c Have Yon Seen the Hew Knitted lUPDfiPCilDCDS 11 THE Always Something New to Show You TOn PrIce - ¦ • S1 - 00
gr^i—^ .m*** R ° c n r . cr ° o^- Corset Cover ? II1E. KiI\rHiii a Ki l l ddipc piittcd ta Onr »*»«w« Department. . Odds and Ends
'^Mg&L broidor-d in Bulw- It's the proper thing for summer i i H IP I | IJ L# |- liU &, | & O I nlllL'UU I I Cn "VT^LIXOS— The complexion kind. In LADIES* BLACK SHIRT WAISTS.
f^*-SJs<?&. rian colors, scalloped wear; jersey knit; shaped kind, so It R g H Eg g m^^w^rwtmuuw^^Mmm^r, Made In black and white and plain mada of peau do sole and silk taf-
&^J^S>* edge and fancy de- nts snugly to the form; high neck ||||1 otiy .. . . o . - ., n »P^^«|i O«- M «l- mixed; made In criss-cross dotted and feta. tucked and hemstitched, detach-
silns: price them and long and short sleeves; made of HJ3 «LJf fL™ 816 Market StrCCt II 0 FarrCll Street Plain. You will appreciata tho quality abl* collar; J3.00. J4.00 and J5.00
elsewhere and you will see how much English thread; open all the way down ¦«¦ ,, r _¦ • • and the low prices when you see them Quality marked low to close out....
you can save. Price A set 15c the front. Price...... ...35c . MAIL OBDHES SOLICITED. 25c 81.05-The committee appointed by Mayor
Schmitz to take charge of the Fourth
of July celebration this year met yes
terday in the Mayor's office. Organi
zation was effected by the election of
Supervisor Boxton as chairman and
George W. Edwards secretary. The
committee adjourned to meet In the
same place next Monday evening at 5
o'clock, when Chairman Boxton will
announce his selections for the vari
ous sub-committees. Headquarters
will In all likelihood be secured at the
California Hotel.
Fourth of July Committee.
The City Bacteriologist urged that
an ordinance prohibiting the sale of
milk that contains more than 30,000
bacteria in each cubic centimeter be
passed. The committee took the view
that if the sanitary requirements were
adhered to in the handling of milk
there would be no need of passing leg
islation regarding germs, as the milk
would of a certainty be pure if the
regulations are obeyed.
The Supervisors' Hospital and
Health Committee, yesterday reported
in favor of the passage of an ordin
ance embodying the rules and regu
lations adopted by the Board of
Health for the proper conduct of
dalrfes'with a view to their being kept
in sanitary condition. Chief Inspect
ing Physician Hassler urged the pass
age of the ordinance, saying that. It
was only by such a measure that the
Health Board could carry out its pol
icy to secure pure milk for the inhab
itants of this city.
The committee also decided to re
quest the Printing. Committee to allow
a sufficient sum of money to print the
sanitary regulations so that the dairy
men may become familiar with the or
dinance.
Supervisors' Health Committee Rec
ommends Passage of an Ordinance
to> Insure Good 3111k.
FAVORS REGULATIONS
FOR CONDUCT OF DAIRIES
Noe; lot 65x115 and flats at 1068 Capp
street, north of Twenty-sixth; south
west corner of Twentieth street and
Potrero avenue, 26x100, with stores, liv
ing-rooms, flat and stable; lot 25x100
and cottage at 2209 fine street, west of
Webster; eleven building lots on the
south side of Mission street, beginning
at the southeast corner of Russia ave
nue, and three building lots at or near
the southeast corner of McAllister
street and Masonic avenue.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will hold an
auction on Monday, June 20, and will
offer for sale these properties: The
northwest corner of Bryant and Eighth
streets, 60x85, with two stores and four
flats, belonging to the estate of John
O'Keefe, with 360 acres of the Rancho
Las Juntas in Contra Costa County;
premises at 2119A-B Howard street;
flats at 324, 326 and 326^ Shotwell
street: premises at 7 Morris avenue;
1377 Harrison street; foreclosure of the
property at 732 Pacific street; lot and
cottage at 4604 Eighteenth street; lot
and dwelling at 406 Thirtieth street;
ranch of 385 acres near Llvermore at
referee sale.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. announce an
auction sale on Saturday, June 25, of
the property of the Fruitvale Addition,
adjacent to the Fruitvale station. The
Fruitvale Addition comprises about 300
large subdivisions, averaging 50x150
feet, and are offered on credit terms
of one-fourth cash and the balance in
three equal payments of six, twelve and
eighteen months. With the facilities
of the half hourly trains of the South
ern Pacific and the rapid transit by the
Haywards electric railway and also the
proposed . extension of the Key Route
from Sixteenth street , across and
through this portion of Alameda Coun
ty, a great stimulus has been given to
this vicinity. As the Fruitvale Addi
tion is the first public offering along the
line of the proposed Key electric line,
it promises well for a successful sale.
The property has been surveyed,
streets opened and every preparation
made that impending purchasers may
select their individual lots to the best
advantage.
BOSTON. June 11. — An award of
$18,000 for the loss of an eye. has been
secured in the Superior Court by Miss
Bessie Dresser of Stand ish, Me. While
she was a passenger on a railway train
near Taunton a piece of metal fell
from the tender of an engine, broke
the window and destroyed the sight of
one eye. Allegations that the engine
tender was in an unsafe condition were
upheld by the Jury.
Boston Young Woman Who Lost
Optic Is Awarded Damages In
That Sam.
VALUE OF HUMAN EYE
FIXED AT $18,500 BY JURY
liHibcts' Estate.
Fred Hohweisner . and Lottie P.
Ebbets. executors of the estate of
Arthur M. Ebbets, deceased, yester
day filed in the Superior Court their
final account and petition for the dis
tribution of the estate, which has a
value of $63,733 68. The account
Ftates that claims have been allowed in
the sum of $17.603 04 and that the
claim of the German Savings and Loan
Bank for $17,016 »0 has not been paid,
but the bank consents to the distribu
tion.
Some poetrr is no clumsy that it trips
over its own feet.
The appraisers appointed by the Su
perior Court to determine the value of
the estate of J. J. Stevenson, de
ceased, reported yesterday that it was
worth $68,966 80. of which $14,160 is
given as the value of the stock of
goods In the store at 571 Market
street.
Estate Appraised.
Park Band Concert.
The following musical programme
will be rendered at Golden Gate Park
to-day: "Star-Spangled Banner,", na
tional anthem of the United States;
march, "A Bit o' Blarney" (Helf);
overture, "Mirilla" (Gounod); waltz,
"Promenade" (Gungl); duet for flute
and horn, "Serenade" (Titl), Signor A.
Lomtoardo and E. Schlott; grand fan
tasia, "Walkure" (Wagner}; over
ture, "Poet and Peasant" (Suppe);
waltz, "Follow the Crowd on Sunday"
(Armstrong); "Panamericana" (Victor
Herbert) ; song, "The Sword of Bunker
Hill" (Calvert); selection, "Prince of
Pilsen (Lauders).
Sales of local realty during the last
week largely exceeded $1,000,000 in
amount.. In this respect it was the
banner week sirfce the sale of the
properties of Mrs. Oelrichs to a local
syndicate. The striking event of the
week was the sale at auction of the
Guardiola estate properties. The bid
ding for business locations was suf
ficiently lively to show that the in
terest in the market is very strong,
phenomenally so, in fact, for the sum
mer season. The results of the Guar
diola sale have already been published
in this paper. Other deals that have
been accomplished since the last
weekly summary are mentioned be
low:
A. J. Rich & Co. report the sale by
them of the southeast corner of Sixth
and Folsom streets, with improve
ments. The present income is close
to $500 per month. The buildings are
good and in fine repair. The lot fronts
90 feet on Sixth street and 100 feet
on Folsom. The seller is M. Israel
and the buyer A. M. Davis. The pur
chase price is about $90,000.
Several other deals of good size
have been made by A. J. Rich & Co.
within the last ten days, among them
being the following: Southwest cor
ner of Harrison street and Oak Grove
avenue, 56x100 feet, paying a revenue
of $140 a month, sale price $17,000,
buyer Joseph Baer; for Mr. Mintzer
to E. J. Stevenson, 37:6x110 feet on
the north line of Pacific avenue, 55
feet west of Webster street, as the
site for a handsome residence, for
$13,500; for M. H. de Young to S. H.
Taylor, 32x110 feet on the east line
of Shrader street, south of Grove, for
$3200; for M. H. de Young to E. Stod
dard, 25x110 feet on the east line of
fc'hrader street, south of Grove, for
$2500; also for the same owner to
Mr. McCowan, 30x137:6 feet on the
north line of Hayes street, 110 feet
west of Cole, for $3900; for the Ross
estate to F. Fulger, house and lot 25x
100 feet on the west line of Gough
street. 125 feefnorth of McAllister,
for $7300; for Margaret Noonan to
Mrs. Sarah Phillips, 25x100 feet and
flats on Grove street, 50 feet east of
Fillmore, for $7000; for L. E. Lee to
Thomas Haven, the northwest corner
of Steiner and Vallejo streets, 27:6x
112:6 feet, for $5500; for Henry Lyons
to Eugene Balcon, the northwest cor
ner of Jackson and Baker streets, 45x
90 feet, for $10,000.
GREAT DAY'S RECORD.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold
the northwest corner of Sutter and
Stockton streets, 137:6x137:6 feet,
with four-story improvements, to
Scott & Van Arsdale for A. Aronson
and associates for $360,000. This sale,
which was closed on " the. day of the
auction sale of the Guardiola estate
properties for $738,000, gave these
brokers a record for $1,000,000 in
business during twenty-four hours.
For the northeast corner of Califor
nia and Sansome streets A. J. Rich
pays $390,000.. the property being 45x
90 feet; for the property on the south
line of Pine« street, 87:6 feet east of
Battery, 60x91:6 feet, Mr. Rich pays
$57,000.
Lyon & Hoag have leased the north
east corner of Post street and Agate
place, 40x60 feet, heretofore sold by
Mrs. Louise Page to William Tracy,
to G. L. Fitz and others for twenty
years at the aggregate rental of $228,
000. The property will be improved
with an eight-story building with
basement.
Louis Friedlander and F. K. Hous
ton have bought from the estate of
D. R. Jones the premises on the south
line of California street, 25 feet east
of Kearny, 25x100 feet, with four
story and basement building,. for $36,
000.
Sales are reported by Chatfleld &
Vinzent as follows: For W. B. Lassen
to a client, 3247.56 acres In Tehama
County, for $97,426 80; for Chris
topher Collins to A. B. Grlsslan, 827
acres on the coast between Cazadero
and- Gualala, for $12,600; for Minna
Moser to Marie B. Wllcox, forty-two
acres of improved land near Sonoma,
for $12,600.
Bovee, Toy & Co. have made the
following sales: Israel Friedman, six
modern flats and lot 27:6x120 'on the
south line of Grove street, 137:6 feet
west of Franklin, for $12,000; from
Leo Mann to a client, three flats and a
lot 22x65:6 on the east side of Powell
street, 20 feet south of Fella place, for
around $9000; from C. Oswald to>a
client, a three-story building and a
lot 20x57:6 on the east line of Belden
place, J 17: 6 feet north of Bush street,
for about $10,000; two flats and a lot
26x125 feet on the east side of Church
street, 156 feet south of Twenty-flrst,
from Elizabeth Barry to John Mul
cane, for $4300; six small flats and a
lot 25x80 feet on the east line of Lang
ton street, 250 feet 'south of Howard,
from the Sullivan estate to Isabella
Schottler, for $3500; a lot 25x120 feet
on the east side of Twenty-second ave
nue, 225 feet south of Point, Lobos
avenue, from J. O'Donnell to C." Gan
zert for $450.
EFFECTS MANY DEALS.
The following sales are reported by
Lyon & Hoag: Southwest corner of
Thirty-eighth avenue and J street, 75x
120 feet, from David W. Todd to W.
A. Newman; lot 25x100 on the .west
line of Texas street, 100 feet north of
Nineteenth, to Mary McLennan; lot
25x123:5 on the east side of Central
avenue, 87:6 feet south of Pine street,
from Robert F. Parsons to Cora Dit
mar; lot 25x75 feet, with flats, on the
north line of Harrison street, ; 84 feet
west of Tenth, to Morris Foley; .lot
27:6x110 on the south line of Jack
son street, 82:6 feet east of L'arkin,
from Frank Cames to Ella G. Franks,
$4100; lot 26x100 feet, "with new. flats.
on the west line of Florida street, 208
feet north of Twenty-third, Oscar
Brand to A. and M. Hawkyard, $5700;
lot 25x87:6 and cottage on the south
line of Pacific avenue, 87:6 feet west
of Scott, to H. J. Welch, $3750; north
west corner of CaBtro and Fourteenth
streets, 40x90 feet, from the Realty
Improvement Company to Charles
Campbell, $3000; lot 50x137:6 on the
south side of Fell street; 175 feet west
of Fillmore, from C. E. Knickerbocker
and John G. Barker; five lots in the
The proceedings in which Vander
bilt's testimony is desired were brought
against Richard A. Cfcnfleld by the
District Attorney in an endeavor to
show that Canfleld was the proprietor
of a gambling-house.
NEW YORK. June 11.— Believing that
Reginald Vanderbllt, upon whom rep
resentatives of the District Attorney's
office for several months have unsuc
cessfully endeavored to serve a subpena
compelling him to appear as a witness
in criminal proceedings against Rich
ard A. Canfleld, is in this city, detec
tives have been stationed around the
Neilson resfd'ence on Fifth avenue since
last evening.
When it was reported yesterday that
young Vanderbilt had suddenly left
Philadelphia, where he had been for
several weeks, a thorough search of the
places in this city frequently visited by
him was begun by a detective armed
with a subpena. After a careful but
fruitless search the detective evidently
concluded that Vanderbilt, if really In
the city, was at the residence of his
mother-in-law, Mrs. Neilson, on Fifth
avenue, and an all-night vigil In the
vicinity of the mansion was begun.
Nothing developed during the night,
but to-day the detectives succeeded In
slipping into the house past a maid
while the latter was picking up the
morning papers at the door. A moment
later, however, the detective ia said to
have met determined opposition in the
form of another servant, who demand
ed the intruder's business.
When the detective replied that he
desired to see Vanderbilt he was In
formed that Vanderbilt waa not in the
house. The detective was ordered from
the premises by the negro, and on leav
ing again took up. his station on the
opposite side of the street. Later a sec
ond attempt was made by two detec
tives to enter the house. A butler an
swered the bell, but when asked if Reg
inald Vanderbilt. rwas in promptly
slammed the door.
Detectives Guard Home of
Neilsons Where He Is Sup
posed to Be in Hiding
Next Tuesday Easton, Eldridge &
Co. will auction realty and will offer
the following properties for sale: Lot
110, 27:6x110 feet, at 603 Steiner street,
with two houses, near Fell street;
south line of Geary street, 33:9 feet
east of Polk, 58:9x120 feet, to
rear street: lot 25x125 and two-story
dwelling at 2907 Washington street,
west of Devlsadero: lot 25x100 and
building at 317 and 317% Tenth street,
south of Folsom; lot 25x114 and cottage
at 3986 Twenty-third street, east of
The regular monthly meeting of the
Presidio Heights Improvement Club
was held last Tuesday evening at it3
hall on Presidio avenue. The officers
were able to make satisfactory reports
on all lines of their endeavors with the
exception of street work. It was hoped
that a betterment of this condition
might be realized through the concerted
efforts of the members individually.
There was a larger attendance than
was expected, considering the season of
the year, and much Interest was shown
in the Questions that were discussed.
The membership is increasing.
The cost of the six-story and base
ment building to be erected for Morris
Slminoff on the east line of Sixth street,
25 feet south of Stevenson, to contain
offices and stores, will be $50,000 in
rcund figures.
Mrs. Emma V. Ralsch will expend
about $14,000 in placing a two-story,
basement and attic residence on the
north line of Clay street, 77:6 feet east
of Laguna.
David Cohen will build two three
story and basement structures on the
north line of Ellis street. 42:6 feet east
of Steiner, to cost $19,000.
MAKING AUCTION SALES.
Baldwin & Howell have taken the
preliminary steps to turn 'Into a resi
dence park the Tibbits tract of nln?
acres, bordering the Presidio reserva
tion between First -and Third avenues.
This tract was recently purchased by a
syndicate. The general plan Is to In
close the property, provide winding
roadways so that lots will get the best
available \iews of the park, the* Pre
sidio and the avenues, erect a lodge and
imposing gateway at Second avenue,
lay out the property on landscape gar
dening lines, reserve the area exclu
sively for private residences, excluding
all stables, outbuildings and places of
business, and have the park managed
by a board of trustees. Residence parks
elsewhere have been favored. Baldwin
& Howell believe that the project
briefly outlined in the foregoing will be
successful in San Francisco.
Bay District tract and several in the
Sunnyslde tract, Mill Valley.
Raymond, Armstrong & Co., who
have successfully handled the Cole
tract at Ross station and the Sidney-
Smith tract at San Anselmo, the sales
in the last mentioned tract already
amounting tb more than $26,000,
have placed!, on the market a.
subdivision af Lagunitas station, a
few miles beyond Fairfax, on
the narrow-gauge road. This is a
portion of the famous Maillard
Rancho San Geronimo. All the tracts
that have been offered to the public
by this firm have been supplied with
fine water. The last is no exception
in this regard. Roads and water mains
are constructed. Water is piped from
two large mountain springs. A num
ber of lots have been sold in the tract
at Lagunitas station, on'most of which
the owners are putting up their sum
mer cottages. Spme will camD In
tents on their lots, but the majority
will build "rustic cottages for use dur
ing the summer months. No camping
by outsiders is permitted. ¦ The elec
tric road makes fast time, with twenty
daily trips each way.
Oscar Heyman has sold 21x90 feet and
improvements on the easl line of Guer
rero street, 75 feet south of Ridley, for
$4250; corner of Somerset street and
Silver avenue, wi$h cottage, for $1500;
lot 25x114 feet on the north line of
Twenty-seventh street, 132 feet east of
Church, for $750; eight lots, each 25x120
feet, near the Oceanside House: four
lots on De Long avenue, for $125 each.
He has also leased a two-story housa
en the Ocean boulevard to Dr. "Wash
ington Dodge, Harry V. Ramsdell and
George Hammersmith.
As appraisers of the Isidor Schwartz
estate A. J. Rich, Gustave Pohlman
and J. S. Devlin have been appointed.
A. J. Rich, George "W. Pippy and H. H.
Cosgrif have been appointed appraisers
of the estate of Rlenzi Hughes.
The following sales are reported by
Sol Getz & Son: On the east line of
Forty-eighth avenue, 37:6 feet south of
L street, 25x120 feet, to J. Andrews; on
the east side of Forty-eighth avenue,
62:6 feet south of L. street, 25x120 feet,
to P. Emmet: on the north side of L.
street, 57:6 feet west of Forty-seventh
avenue, 75x100 feet, to H. Arthur and
C. I* Boden; on the west line of Forty
fifth avenue, 100 feet north of I street,
25x120 feet, to E. L. Dial, for $S00; on
the southeast corner of J street and
Tenth avenue. 32:6x100 feet, to Anna
C. Baker, for $1850.
Henry E. Eothln has appointed the
Von Rhein Real Estate Company to
take charge of his tenants, of whom
there are nearly 500
BEAUTIFYING A TRACT.
NEEDED, AS A WITNESS
Eeginald Vanderbilt De
feats Efforts of Law Of
ficers to Serve a Summons
Bids for Business Properties Offered at Auc
tion in Local Market Furnish Pointers
About Present Frame of Investors' Minds
MILLIONAIRE
DODGES POLICE
WEEK'S SALES GREATLY
EXCEED A MILLION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1904.
Stephen Scholes Herrick yesterday
petitioned the Superior Court for pro
bate of the will of Marie Fries Bishop,
who died June 8, Jeaving real estate
valued at more than $10,000 in Santa
Clara, Monterey and Santa Barbara
Aunties,
Petition for Probate.
30
A sunny room, a light and
airy apartment, make life
worth living.
There are many such rooms
and apartments advertised in
ROOMS TO LETT and APART-
MENT-HOUSE columns.
ADVEB.TISKMENTS. \
75c Pongee Silk
48c a Yard
Just the thing for country wear and shirt, waist
suits. A miscellaneous lot — comprised of plain, fig-
ured and lace striped Pongee 2j inches wide; Tussa
and Shantung Pongee, 20 inches wide, and a 20-inch
Pongee in solid colors of navy, brown or black. We
have also incorporated in the lot some white and cream
stiped Louisine Silks and some 27-inch extra heavy
Japanese Siik. Your pick from the above lines a o^
any time after 9 a. m. to-morrow at, per yard, t"OC
DRESS GOODS Ready-to- Wear Garments
50c Trench Challles 39c Tard — Specially Selected for Coun-
Pink. blue, ohampapiio. red or re- ... .. .. *
e"?da browns with dainty rosebud try and Vacation Use.
and Persian figures; silk striped ef- _... •,!,,_? w .i, t suits Our
<«»/-?«• «,„..,;,!., r n ~ v;., m , a . ,,-,_ BUI sain. waist duui— uur
jeciF, PUiiauie lor Kimonas, lea •„« nn •. « „_ tm. />> < a "»••
srs^^gr^ 29c t"°° '«'«''" "¦'^ $14.75
a yard «»ww »-"
S1.00 iroa Tram. Sicilian. 5Oc a s^^Tucked^w^i't °ar£ IJkir't*
Yard— Navy, royal bluo. nut brown. f.^f"?^^^ coloring A i nr
Ptorl *ray :lnd a ricn f as t black; 52 !/,,* -fn )r«™ *« sn ?« \A Qn
inches wide; bright BiUty finish; «educed from $6.oO to. . . . $q.,gj
Iron frame weave; suitable for shirt
•waist suits and bathing cos- rn#» Alpaca Walking: Skirti — Tucked
tumes. Half price while it HIIR front and sides : tailor-stitched:
lasts, per yard www black, navy and green; a (hi A r
50c Oxford Cheriot WaUtinir. 19c $600 »ne reduced to $4,40
a Tard — The- reduction hardly seems
creditable but it is a fact: 32 inches Sack Onttnir Skirt* — Mottled ef-
wlde: plnln and figured styles; mer- fects; trimmed with bands of same
crized silky finished in pink. in A material; black and white rti nC
blue, preen or reseda; washes IMn or blue and white; the ifll.JJ
perfectly; per yard ww $2.00 line reduced to 3_' ; *Z
$1.00 Fancy Enrllth Mohair 75c a "White Lawn Shirt Walsta — Em-
Yard — All the rage for shirt waist broidery trimmed; tucked QCft
suits and traveling dresses; nary. front and back; fine quality; njlj
bmwns. grays, greens and black and the J1.25 line reduced to w "
white effects; in hair line stripes. White India Silk Waist» — l^ace
cheeks and several new mannish trimmed and tucked; hemstitched
styles: 42 to 46 inches wide. 7Cft front: full pouch sleeve; CO (1C
Our entire $1.00 line Monday | HI. the $4.00 line reduced to.. Jl/.Hn
fptr yard WM " MVU
WHITS TOR SAMPLES. Crash Petticoat* — 1^1 nen collar:
Mail order filled and shipped same plain and fancy striped, with three
day order Ik received. ruffles on flounce; fine for AJ nn
Packages delivered to all suburb- the country; the $1.50 OliUU
an towns free of charge. line reduced to T
Three Great Specials
From Art and Drapery Depts.
50c Cnehlon Tona. 19o 85c Curtain Set, 30c Cretonnea. lie a
— You cant have too 15c Yard — A mis- Yard — 50 pieces of Cre-
many fancy pillows in cellaneous assort- tonne, just the thing for
your country home, ment in white and drapery, office curtains.
Thepe tops require very ecru; suitable for portieres, etc.. in large
little work: some come sash, bedroom and and small figured de-
•with ruffles and Rome cottage curtains. signs; in light and dark
without. Shown in floral Good designs; 38 shades; one of the big-
conventional and «mo- inches wide: 12 gest sales of Cretonnes
ker's designs, etc. Very patterns to choose we have ever planned,
pretty, neat and |rt_ from; spe- tQr\ Af< many yards Jj n
serviceable. While IMn c i a 1. per InR serviceable. While IIR
they last IUU yard vv it lasts, per yard llv
Makes "Old Men"
Boys Again
Free Receipt That Restores Toathfnl
Vitality to Men of All Ages Can Xovt
Be Had of the Discoverer With-
out Cost— Cures Nervous Debil-
ity, Prostatlc Trouble, Emis-
sions, Etc., and Restores
Normal Xerve Power Al-
most Instantly.
FULL DIRECTIONSFOR HOME CURE
Now that they have found a new lnrr»d!»at
that makes cures 50 per cent Qnlcker thaa
formerly and practically fives th« desired «f-
t£* *^ er .K Uht th *. Dr - Knapp Medical CO. of
uetrolt. the world a sreateet authorities on
the cure of Tital weakness, want every weajt
JT an »?, writ » 'hem for the free receipt that
does this wonderful good, and full direction*
now *o cure yourself privately at home. Theri
is no man so old that this receipt will not
raaka him feel like a youngster asaln; and
mitldls-ased m?n who think their best days
are eone will have a happy surprise In stor«
ror them. It is a blessing indeed to any man
whu Is not as good as he used to be. and
whether you are In fhe Shi or la the 60s U»»
en>ct will t» equally satisfactory and quick.
From what those who have used it say. a
nian can esrect the change In less than 21
hours and a permanent cure In a short time.
It cur»s nervous debility, pre/iature discharne.
undeveloped organ*. eml/Mons. varicocele.
stricture, lack of power, exhaustion, etc. ami
cures It permanently to stay cured. It acts
rtlrectly on the muscular tissue, mucous mem-
branes, nerves and glands, and the effect is a
comforting one indeed.
If you can make u<<p of a receipt that brings
about such happy result* fc^nd your name »nd
address to-<lay to th<« Dr. Knapp Medical Co..
131H Hull building. Detroit. Mich., and It will
be sent you^ty. return mall, together with di-
rections foy a private home cure and a d<*»
scrtptive booklet on your disease, ail ia aa ua-
marked package. . .,
Let there t* no delagr.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN EVERY HOME
There should always be found a
bottle of the famous Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. It is good, for
every member of the family, and
if taken at the start may counter-
act a long sick spell. No other is
just as good nor so safe and re-
liable. It puts the stomach in a
normal condition~and cures Bil-
iousness, Constipated Bowels,
Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Insom-
nia, Liver troubles and Malaria.
Doctors and. Druggists recom-
mend it. Try one bottle.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Io66 of their girlish farms
All of this can be avoided,
however, by the cse of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from tho
ese of this wonderful
book, telling all about ' ; /.I
this liniment, will be sent free. /JS^"™ 'm$* £ff A?ta £%<P| it&Jil
I Union Southern Padf ic^^^ I
OtJ 'Through Oars £3
¦ Pullman and Tourist to St. Louis. June 16th— Teach- M
U ers' Excursion, 16th, 22d, 23d. July 1st, 2d, 7th, 8th, §j
m 13th. 14th. BOUND TRIP, $67.50. Scenes from the S
M car windows, wall maps and handy pocket maps to • &
M the World's Fair grounds and handsome Illustrated 3
U S. F. BOOTH, General Agent U. P. R R., I
U . 1 Montgomery Street, or Southern Pacific Agents. f|
IHI JLJp JL ftC£«V JL JL-arJ. r^L JLw? Rfl
fey -y UN/Of*' - PACIFIC ,OMAHA m raj
jig £#[/77](£5 —^^sautTakE T cheycnne —^hicago h||
p| DENVER. CITY ST.LOU18 jHi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
K The only product ever known "to \
¦ nclenre to possestf the lasting bril-. B
B llancy of the genuine by the broad B
u light of day. On exhibition and for I
JJ sale only at palaces of world's great- I
ft eet diamond imitator, 1
M J. O. DAVIDSON, 1
H Catalogue on request. Exclusive ¦
n store of Pacific Coast, I
'¥••'•'"- ,184 'Kearny St., S. T. _ 1
. ¦ Genuine Diamonds Sold at London Prices ;- I
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
V
t ¦" ""^^ "^ ¦^^'¦^"^^¦¦^"¦^^^ %
A
4L Children have a hard time in the
summer — mainly because they eat the
wrong things and too much of them.
C "FORCE" with milk or cream is the
safe food. And the little ones like it
as well as we do.
Bright, thloinr, merry eye* mean more than a happy diipoal
tlon— they indicate a sunny digestion.
"FORCE" takes sunshine right to the spott
Not only are the elements of FORCE" scientifically combined
and properly balanced for a perfect food, but the mechanical pro-
cesses of digestion are partly done in advance, so that tba
digestive organs are spared Just that much effort.
Special Excursion
To the World's Fair and : : : :
National Democratic Convention.
Thursday, Jime 28.
Round Trip
THROUGH PULLMAN AND
TOURIST CARS ....
Take the Rock Island System and you pass the
Sierra Nevadas and famous Rocky Mountain Scenery of
Colorado by daylight, arriving in St. Louis for the
opening of the convention.
Full Information on Request.
||(jHTOM|T|| Call cr Writ-. '
c A# RUTHERF ORD, d. p. a.,
|^^iAa|jyj^| 623 Market Street,
BWV^» San Francisco.TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL subscribers contemplating a
change of residence daring the snsuner
month" can tave their paper forwarded
try mall to their new address by notify
ing THE CALL Business Office. TMi
paper will also be on sale at all summer
rescrts and Is represented by a local
af ent In all town* on tbe coast.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— The fol
lowing Califomians are at the hotels.
At the St. James— Harry C. Wilson,
Selma; H. P. D. Klngsbury, Redlands;
J. A. Enquis#and wife, and H. C. Bots
ford, San Francisco; Harry Mclntyre,
San Diego. At the National— A. M.
Rines, Elmhurst
WASHINGTON, June 11.-- Captain'
William II. Meyer, Seventh Cavalry,
now agent at the Ulntah agency in
Utah, has been detailed to succeed
Colonel Richard Pratt as superinten
dent of the Indian schools at Carlisle,
Pa. Captain Palmer S. Gall. Fifth In
fantry, has been detailed to succeed
Captain Meyer as Indian agent.
3Ieyer Succeeds Pratt.
LONDON. June 11. — A magnificent
collection of snuff boxes and minia
tures which belonged to the late Duke
of Cambridge has been auctioned at
Christie's. The most interesting con
test was the keenly contested fight for
a Louis Quinze gold snuff box, with
panels of sporting subjects' in poly
chrom enamel. The bidding began
at JiOD and rose slowly to $10,000, at
•which the coveted bauble was
knocked down to a collector.
at Auction.
TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS
PAID FOR A SNUFF BOX
Bauble Owned hj Late Dak© of Cam
bridge Brings High Figure
LONDON, June 11. — John Alexan
der Dowle arrived here to-day from
Holland and made a tour of the ho
tels, accompanied by his wife and son
and escorted by deacons, in search of
accommodations. Everywhere he met
with refusal, as the hotel managers
are afraid of a repetition of the row
dyism which marked Dowie's former
stay here. Ultimately, being unable
to find lodgings, Dowle proceeded to
the Zionist headquarters. The head
quarters have been connected with
the police by telephones, in anticipa
tion of a possible onslaught by & mob.
Proprietors of Caravansaries, Fearing
Trouble, Refuse Accommodations
to the "Divine Healer."
DOW1E DENIED ROOM
IX HOTELS OF LONDON
"If Kubelik had a crooked nose and
the critic mentioned it that would not
have been an Insult." The -verdict of
the court is. therefore, acquittal."
BERLIN. June 11.— "Suit dlsmiraed
¦nith costs for the plaintiff" was the
vcrCict of the court yesterflay at
l"rankfort-on-the-Maln in the suit
which Kubelik, the violinist, brought
against Dr. Gehrmann, the music
critic of the Frankfurter Zeltuns. for
what the violinist deemed insulting
personalities in criticisms of his con
certs. Dr. Gehrmann described Ku
belik as a "stupid-looking man
(bloefie drelnschauenden)." of effem
inate appearance, and spoke of him
also »s a "pecialist and "miracle
worker who produced nothing but
tones."
The proceedings turned partly upon
the meaning of the word "bloede,"
¦which experts testified was used In
North Germany in the sense of "shy"
or "expressionless," and the court not
ed that Dr. Gehrmann came from
Berlin to Frankfort. But Herr
Schwarrschild. Kubelik's lawyer, saw
in the word that offensive personali
ties characterizing Berlin musical
criticism were being introduced. The
Frankfort lawyer also objected to the
word "specialist." which he claimed
was only applicable to a variety per
former. Dr. Gehrmann's defense of
the word "bloede" was that he only
meant to say that Kubelik riveted his
eyes on one epot when playing.
The presiding Judge then took a
hand In the proceedings and pointed
out that he possessed a pamphlet
written against Wagner during the
gTeat composer's lifetime and designed
to show that Wagner was crazy. Yet
Wagner never brought suit against his
critics. The Judge also claimed that
Kubelik invited criticisms on his per
sonal appearance by having full length
portraits of himse'.f displayed In shop
windows as advertisements.
The court in explaining the reasons
for the dismissal of the suit said the
word "•specialist" was Justified, since
Kubelik "cultivated the breakneck
l<?ature of a Paganini," adding:
"It Is now customary for critics to
describe the personal appearance of
artists for their readers who were not
{.resent at the concert, and Kubelik
probably would have been better sat
isfied if the personal description had
been more flattering."
The court also said that the expres
sion "bloede" was not insulting, and
added:
Judge, in Giving Judgment,
Holds Musician Invited
Comment by His Conduct
WORDS ARE EXPLAINED
Violinist Denied Damages
From Critic Gehrmann,
but Is Given Cost of Action
KUBELIK'S SUIT
IS DISMISSED
THE SAN ..FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1904.
31
_[GILROY|_
[HOT SPRINGS
For health and pleasure. Reno-
vated and improved. Water j
unsurpassed for rheumatism, :
kidney, liver and stomach trou- [
ble. Trained masseur. Long I
distance phone. Trains from ;
Third and Townsend at 9
j a. m. and 3 p. m. Write for
pamphlets. ;
R. ROBERTSON.
CAZADERO
Th« O«m of -All Northern Ketreati.
Orore, Forest. QlaAa and Sell.
Crett, Canyon, H1U and Dale.
Knoll, Knob, Peak and Mountain.
The home of the trout and the haunt of the
deer. Reached over the North Shora Ry.. via
Sausalito Ferry.
A year ago I leased this resort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I have the pleasure to
tell yon that, owing to last season's big and
unprecedented partonage. I have purchased this
magnificent domain of over 1200 acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop-
erties. Insuring the best of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building containing a bowling alley has
been added, also a new tennis court, and boat-
Ing and bathing on the river, all free to guest*
Free camping grounds in the Cazadero giant
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rulta must b« compiled with.
Lots. one. quarter acre for sale, from $100
up. ar.d cottages built to suit at city figures.
Take Sausalito Ferry via" North Shore Rail-
road. Round trip good for six months, $3 75.
; Round trip. Friday till Monday. $-">: no stag-
, In*; depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages, $2 per day; $10 to $14 per week; special
rate by the month.
For particulars other than herein given wrtt»
J. J THIRION. ower and manager. Hotel del
Cazadero. Bonoma Co., Cal.. or North Shore
R. R. office. C20 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
-• IS FINISHED. ¦ ¦
Every one knows that Adams water cures
stomach, liver and kidney d:seaaes.
WHT EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write to W. R, PRA-
THER.
LYTTON SPRINGS
Ntw management; no staring; depot on
grounds; phone; fare $2 40: Tlburon ferry;
rates $10 to $13 week; table drat class: our
own dairy: hot mineral baths: swimmlne tank;
livery; billiards; croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau. II Montgomery 'st.. or BARKER A
ROSS. Lytton Springs, Sonoma County. Cal.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively Improved since last season.
Opened April 1. THOS. L. BELL. Mgr.. Felton.
Cal. ' Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
foot of Market street. Round trip. $3.00.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving 8. F.
at 8:03 p. m. Returning, connects at Truckee
with train reaching S. F. at 7:30 a. m.
TAHOE TAVEBN — Situated on the
shores of Lake Tahoe, the largest and most
beautiful body of water In the world at this
elevation, la now open for the accommodation
of guests. The tavern will be conducted this
season by Mr. F. W. Richardson, manager of
California's famous mission hotel. The Glen-
wood. Riverside, which is sufficient guarantee
that it will be strictly first class. The table
will be supplied with all delicacies of the sea-
son, while fisherman will be constantly em-
ployed to furnish lake trout. For rates address
F. W. RICHARDSON, .
THE TALLAC *£***
Now open. Tbe Summer Resort of America.
European plan only. Cafe first class. Prices rea-
sonable. Resident physician. No consumptives.
Pamphlets at S. P. office. 613 Market street.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO.. Tallac. Cal.
BROCK wVAY
Lake Tahoe.
OPSVB JTJNE 1st.
Write FRANK B. ALVERSON, Mgr..
Brockway. Cat.
BT7BXCOH PASZ-A delightful resort
oi shores of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beach
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly fishing and'
hunting In season. Boats, fishing tackle and
horses at moderate hire. Rates $2 a day or
from $10 to $16 per week. P. O. and telephone.
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. C»L
LAZS TAHOE.
LAKESIDE PARK. Open May 1. Hotel,
cottages and tents. Popular family resort. De-
lightful camping grounds near rteamer Knd-
Ing. Furnished tents to rent. Booklets. Trav-
elers' Bureau. 30 Montgomery st.. or of E. B.
Bmlth * Co.. Statellne P. O.. Cal.
"THE OROVTE."
Lake Tahoe half a mile east or Tallac. oa
lake shore: rates $2.00 a day; $10.00 a week;
meals COc Good saddle horses and the best
of livery. Boats fire to all guests. J. E.
PARMETER. proprietor. Tallac. Cat
LAKE 8K0BS HOUSE — Glenbrook.
Nev. Cottages to rent $3 up. l»t-clasa board, milk
and cream, fresh vegetables. T>. COUILLARD.
nCPD P1D1T IVMand cottages; 6 mil-* from
l/ELtt rAKA inn Lake Tahoe; open June I;
elevation C507 feet; mineral springs. Booklet
Traveler*' Office, 80 Montgomery st.
Tit J. a SCOTT. Deer Park. Cal.
WHITNEY HOUSE,
Truckee. Cal. The leading hotel. Headquar-
ters for tourists and commercial men. Summer
and whiter report. Meal station for passen-
gers. Stage for Lakes Independence and Web-
ber. CamDbell Hot Springs and SlerravilU;
STEWART McKAT. proprietor. .
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats: excellent table; climate per-
fect: 10 miles from Truckee, In an unbroken
forest. For Information Inquire at Traveler
office. 30 Montgomery iti Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. Clemens, Truckee, Cal.
1 RUWI\CC COUSTBY CXiUB.
SUMMER RESORT. SPORTSMEN'S LODGK
Fourth season. Sierra attractions. California's
largest rainbow hatchery. Finest fishing. O.
H. FOULKS. Verdi. Nev.. or Nevada block.
San Francisco.
CM.MPBELL HOT SPBISOS,
In 8itrra Nevada Mountains. Sterra County,
&000 feet elevation. Are beautifully located
at the head of the great Sierra Valley. .10
miles long by & miles wide, surrounding which
is the great primeval forest of pine and fir. A
specialty Is made of the tab!?. The hot springs
ar* oncqualed fcr the cur* of rheumatism,
gout, liver and kidney complaints and" all blood
and skin diseases. Rates for room and board.
$11 to $12 per week. Round trip from San
Francisco to aprlng* via Boca, $14 50. Stage
dat!r except Sunday, connectine with 8 p. m-
train- from S*n Francisco. ¦ ¦ • -. - <
THE GEYSERS
Th« Host rarnons Health and Pltasuxa
Besort In California.
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unsur-
pas&ed and the waters are acknowledged the
best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating hunting, fishing,
dancing, shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable In connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity. .
The hotel will be supplied with the best the
market affords. Rates, $10, $12. $14 and $16
p«r week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRT, Prop. The Geyser*.
Bonoma County. California.
Agua Caliente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round: the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, trmperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare $1 10: sure cure for rheumatism,
atthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Spring* ; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank in the State. Table and rooms are flrst
clai-s. Rates $2 per day. $12 to $14 per week. \
Spo-dal rates to families and half rates to chll-
dren. Inquire at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st.,
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Caliente
Springs. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can seat 400 guests.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-^OLP, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SURF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
O£fA f*f*O HOT SPR I^GS. SONOMA
Uli/tlJUU COUNTY; only 4% hours
from San Francisco and
™""™"^^~™"" but & milte staging; wa-
ter* noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State: boating and
(trimming in Warm Spring Creek; good trout
stream*; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and Kan Kranctoeo morning and evening
papernf FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SKRVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from San Francisco only $5 M). Take
Tlburon ferry daily at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine years. Patronage of
1903 unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau. 11 Montgpmery St.. or of
J. F. MULGREW. SkaRgs. Cal.
MARK WEST
K - K &o? EB V . SPRINGS
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
will* manage the sprln^a; many improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day; $10 and $12 week. Office. 83.1 Larkln
lit., cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs, Santa
Rosa. Rural No. 6.
I CAMP CURRY
, Get circulars at all railroad offices. \
? Advertised by 4000 guests. i
| YOSEMITE
B3L.XJE3
Ideal summer resort: - hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Muslo every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAN, Mldlake P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal..
or call on Dr. Happersberger, 1104 Market. S. F.
LAKES
Hotel EL CARMELO
Pacific Grove, California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts
The place to upend your . vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board $2 SO a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDY. Manager.
OwnSnmmerHoiiiSofBononScS. CamDMeg.er
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling $10
up; cottages built by Meeker. $50 up; depot;
stores; restaurant; hotel; post and express;
teiephone; sawmill ;• 000 lots sold; 300 cottages
built. Sausalito ferry. N. S. R. R. M. C.
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hospital: best equipped on Coast; mod-
ern- Improvements; large treatment rooms;
Ideal location: 5>i acres; one block from ctreet
cars; write for literature. San Jose. Cal.
VICH? SPR1NCS
Three miles from Uklah. Memlocino County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting; ' crystal
spring; accommodations and table flrst class.
J. A. REDEMEYER. Proprietor.
H. 8. E. B. TOCALOMA Harin 0».
Bertrand Hotel; flnt-class accommodations,
rpeclal rates for families and Dartiea; fishing,
hunting, boatlntr. bathing; beautiful driven to
Hear Valley: telephone.' JOSEPH F. BER-
THA ND, or Bulletin Office, every Thursday, 2
to 4 P. m. | .- .
1)UNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 15. Two miles from Hopland.
Fine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10. to $12 per week.
Napa Soda Springs;
The famous mountain health and plra#ure
resort Is. now open for the patronage of the
public. Address ¦ JOHN JACOBS. -
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
, Open Jun«l,- new hotel; large dining-room,
telephone, hunting:, fishing, swimming, bowl-
Ing, dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau,
30 Montgomery st. . DR. .W. A. McCORNACK,
proprietor. . - " *
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
Under new management. Up to date. Beau-
tiful grounds. Running stream and pond with
good flshlnc Playgrounds for children. Frea
carriage meets all trains. J. D. CELLA," Mgr.
Tuscan
Mineral Springs.
OPEN E7IBT DAT IW THE YSAB.
TO WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: A year and
tun -months ago I was attacked with that
terrible disease, locomotor ataxia. Power to
balance, stand, or even sit down, entirely lost.
Two best doctors of San Francisco and Hot
Springy. Ark., failed to help roe. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to wnrk. I had
catarrh of stomach, head and Madder as a re-
sult of the disease; these troubles bacama
chronic. . At times my heart would beat like a
drum, my eyes grew weak, my nj?mory bad.
my nervca wrecked. Three months ago I went
to Tuscan Springs. What harpened since wu
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank the waters,
took th» bath.<i — after three weeks* treatment
stomach, bowels, bladder and kidneys la per-
fect condition, eyesight perfect, nervousness)
gone, memory good. After thre« months' treat-
ment, walked without a cane, with eyes closed
and up and down steep hills; am cured of thta
dread disease, now walk with slight limp.
Have run stores in seventeen towns of tho
State of Ca'.ltornia: am well known in down-
town districts of 9an Francisco; Inquiry th*T«
will prove truth of ray helpless condition tbreo
months ago. Further information, addrea*
LOUIS JACOBS 6 Stockton st., San Franciaco.
Cal. ¦ ¦•
We have hundreds of testimonials from
others. Send 60c In stamps for bottle of
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round-trip ticket*
at reduced rates. Southern Pacific.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP.,
Tuscan, Cal.
VACATION 1904
IS HOW READY FOR DISTRIBUTION;
"VACATION" is issued an-
nually by the -
California Northwestern R'y
TBX PI.TCBI3QU : B3CTS 0? CALT03MIA,
and Is the standard publication
on the Pacific Coast for Informa-
tion regarding;
MINERAL SPRI\C RESORTS,
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN. AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
This j year's edition, "Vacation
190-t,'* contains over 150 pages,
beautifully illustrated, and In-
complete in Its detailed informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, 'etc.. ' with
terms from $7.00 per week up.
To be had at Ticket Offices. 650 Market
Street. (Chronicle Building), and Tlburon Ferry.
foot of Market Street: General Office. Mutual
Life Building, corner of Sansome and California
Streets, San Francisco; la Oakland at 973
Broadway.
Applications by Mail Will Becelva Im-
mediate 3espcn»e.
JAS L. FRAZIER. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Genl Pass'r Agent.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, f.shinjr.
boating, launch, hones, tennis, croquet, dark-6
room, warm soda geyser in bathhouse, club-
house, etc. Increased accomirodations. modern
conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed. Table a
specialty. Rates per week. $10 to $13. Photos
and Information at Chatn«ld Sc. Vlnzent's. 323
Montgomery st. or LEE D. CRAIG. Manager.
Soda Bay. KelseyvlUa P. P.. Lake Co.. CaL
Take county'
- New. comfortable carriages direct to th»
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line in the State. Leaves Calla-
toga dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin, gelgler. Adams. Howard. An-
derson. Hobergs. Spiers. Astorgs and Glen-
brook • half hour for lunch at Calistoga: also to
Mlddletown Lower Lake. Kelseyvtlls and
Lakeport. Livery In connection.
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT A2ID BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE^ — Hooland to Bartlett Spring*.
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains- at Hopland. Leave Hopland at.
arrive at Lakeoort at 3:30: arrive at Bar.tlatt
Springs at 7:30. New 6-horsw ir-pi3KS<er
tourist wagons, with all the most modern Im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
lett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett gpriass
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at orflc*
of California N. W. Ry.. 630 Market St.. or
at Tiburon ferry.
MILLER ft HOWARD. Props.
WHITE SUIPEUB SP&X2TQS, Valla jo,
.Cal. Most accessible springs to San i'ranclsco;
round triu $1. no stage fare; only 2Vi hours'
ride; 5 miles from ValJejo; hot, cold and
plunge sulphur baths: wonderful cures* of rheu-
matism. n«uralcia. eciema. kidney liver and
ftomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and laJts
for boating; and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowlinar alley and shuffle • board. Rate*.
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID. Valleio. Cal. . •.-¦!. j- ,
LIITD NEB'S PAB3C, OneraerlUu.
A resort for your family. Partly furnish*!
cottages, $12 per month and up. Tent* an4
platforms. Near Rusawa River. Board aad
room at $7 60 per week. Sea PECK'S, It
Montgomery st.
JVlOTTOTAnr VTXW RANCH HOTEL
* "and cottages. In the mountain^! near Santa
Crux First-class table and accom., gas, baths,
phone dally mall. bowUng. croquet, amuse-
BifTits; terms. $9 up. Campers to Glenwood; lac.
cair!»«e. $3 75 round trip.. - FREDKRJCKSE^f
& 31TTTON. suc'» to F. R.Dt:y>r. Santa Crua.
LAUKEL GBOVE PAJUC — Children 1 •
resort during summer vacation: best of tern*
care; beautiful grounds; climate perfect; freso,
milk and eggs; open June 1; terms $5 per
week. MRS. O. W. NICHOLS. Dlxnond P. O..
Frultvale.
OCCIDENT AX. HOTEL. BATWAZOS,
First-class resort; tennla. croquet, bowlin*.
amusement ball. etc. Special rates to families'.
Terms r«ajonabl«. A. GAUDARD. ¦ Prop., phcaa
Black 141.
WALL SFBXnaS — On Guernevills
branch Cal. N. W. IL. R., Sonoma Co.; phone;
pavilion: bus meets morning train: hot sulphur
baths: circulars. MRS. C. N. MEREDITH.
Prop.. Heald*burg. R. D. 1.
KEDWOOD TXLXtA BESOBT.
Excellent board, home cooking; tent ground.
If, desired with board. $3. Room and board t$
;o *10. Best hunting and fishing. MRS. A. L.
ACKERMAN. La Honda. San Mateo County.
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully located la
redwoods 5 miles from Santa Cru*. Spring
water fruit, milk, excellent table: dally: mall;
fr<»(? ccnvtyanc: >7 week; phone Suburban 87.
MRS. W. CRANDELL. Santa Crua. Cat.
SCEv&ETEB'S GEOVE — BOSS VALLEY.
Private bnardlna; terms reasonable. Team
mtets Sunday morning tralna, Addras* MRS.
MATT I.DCDFAY. Kot* Station.
BIVEBSrDE HOTEL aad. COTTAOE3
Star beach: :ii> acres beautiful grounds: sp»>
cia* rate* to families: write for. booklet." V.
PARSON. Proprietor. Santa Cruz. .
BELLEVT7E HOTEL, £1 Veraao. So-
noma Co.. Cal Term* |1 day and uo; hot
mineral springs Dear by. Long dlstaac* teU*
pboon; daily mail. JOHN SKRBE3.- Proprietor.
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
The summer girl with the birds
upon her new bathing suit.
And some of the other fads of
the benatiful creature who
likes to do more posinz
than sivlmmluff.
XEXT SUNDAY CALL.
THERE IS ONLY ONE
BABTLETT
SPRING.
To say a water Is as good as Bart-
lett Is to acknowledge the superior-
ity of Bartlett water.
If you would enjoy the full benefit
of the water, go to Bartlett and drink
at the fountain bead; breathe the
pure mountain air, ride, drive, dance,
swim, bathe ' In the soda-magnesia
water, patronize the bowling alley
and shuffle-board, play croquet, tennis
and ping pong. Listen to the music
and enjoy yourself playing cards on
the shady porch In the afternoons,
and you will go home renewed in
strength and happiness.
Send for booklet, and write J. E. Me-
MAHAN, Manager, Bartlett Springs,
Cal.. or call at city office, 2 Sutter st,
San Francisco.
GRAND OPENING
and Dedication of the Exten-
sive Beach Improvements at
SafttflCruz
1 Saturday Ev'ng.June 1 1
Grand Fireworks Display by California
Fireworks Co. Brilliant Klectrlcal Illu-
minations of Pacific Ave. and Esplanade.
Neptune Casino. Plunge Baths and Pleas-
ure Pier. Third Artillery Band, U. 8. A.,
Concert and Ball.
Special Excursions via S. P. Ry
I ' = ~
If you want rest and quiet
this summer go to
AETNA SPRINGS,
You will find its cottage
life just the thing for worn-
out nerves. Send for il-
lustrated booklet. Aetna
Springs Co., Napa Co.,
Cal.
l_
Santa Catalina island
;: l i Hours From Los Angeles. Season 1904.
Our Famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain goat, sailing, bathing,
1 golf, tennis and the finest fishing on the
coast.
j Camp Life a Special Feature.
i Hundreds of furnished tents at reason-
j able rates.
Hotel Metropola,
Modern in all particulars.
For further information address
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU. 11
Montgomery st., or BANNING CO.. 222 8.
Spring st., Los Anxeles.
SEIGLER
HOT SPRINGS
Why Is It so Immensely popular? Because
of its many wonderful facilities for health and
pleasure. Our famous hot steam and plungs
baths and stomach waters are a positive cure
for Rheumatism, Malaria, Bladder, Liver,
Kidney and all Stomach Troubles. Arsenic
Beauty Battls, Swimming Pond, Orchestra,
Dairy. Beautiful Walks and Drives, Livery.
Fare reduced $9.00 round trip. Electric Lights.
Hard Finished Rooms. Rates $10 to 112 per
week. Baths and amusements free. Booklet
Pecks's, 11 Montgomery and S. P. Co., 613
Market »t., or
H. H. McGOWAN.Selgler. Lahe Co.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America.
THE ROBSON ORCHESTRA COMPANT
and DR. MONROE CALLENDER will furnish
the best muslo ever played at any resort in
the State. Boating, swimming, marine tobog-
gan, mineral aprlngs, new livery. EDGAR
DURNAN, owner and proprietor, Laurel Dell
P. O.. Lake County, Cal.
nil nn ll Hot brings; on line South.
J V I Ml rrn p *clnc; 2% hours from
K I K I I If! 5 a n Fr * ncl «co. 3 trains
II I 111 da L Ijr; '"xurious mineral
U I IIUII »nd mud baths; hotel
unique In culslna service
and appointments. Information at 8. P. Co.
Bureau. 613 Market at.. Peck's Bureau 11
Montgomery St.. or H. R. WARNER, Byron
Hot Springs. Cal ' " /ruu
KENILWORTH INN
ONE OF THK MOST BEAUTIFUL RESORTS
IN MILL VALLEY. NOW OPEN. All kinds
of amusement. Exceptional board. Especial
Sunday dinners. Bus meets all trains.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cruz Mountains. i
Now open: For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau
11 Montgomery, or 8. P. Co., 613 Market. U,
DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. Cal.
LA HONDA AND PBnCADBRO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; 9
a. m. train 3d and Townsend, and 0:20 a. m.
train from San Jose connect with stages direct
Addreo WALTER KNIGHT. Rtdwood City.'
Cal. ' • ,
CAXXFOBXrXA SSSWOOO PABX (BIk
Basin) — Union Mill Camp and Tavern; 8 miles
ficm Boulder Creek It. 11. station. Dally stage
Family table. Furnished cabins: camping
grounds; $S and S10 per week. Under the giant
redwoods; perfect climate; grand scenery.
"SEPP" GRAHAMER. Boulder Creek.. Cal.
FOR RENT at Camp Meeker, a cottage, fur-
nished complete for housekpg-. Box 2533, Call.
ADVEBTISEMENT&
WOMAN'S BREAST
TaVrVMW
Anytumtr,lnmp,or sore en the lip, fact
tr anywhere six months Is nearly
always Cancer. They never pain
until almost past cure!
Two Physicians Offer $1000 if Thej
Fail to Cure Any Single Cancer
Without KNIFE OR PAIN at HALF PRICE
for 30 days.
Not a dollar need be paid until cared.
An Island shrub or plant makes the cures
the most wonderful discovery on earth to-day.
Boat book on cancers ever printed sent free
with testimonials of thousands cured whom
you can see. A
j^^^l *p r* small lump In the
S Xtk, M MiS^. brPa^ t '"'"' polnon
*^V \a R __ff fc 'X glands In the arm-
jSn^^BssV^^^ P' l « cure Is
_mZm JJgJaiaS. 'A S^X Impossible
-&»*s¥^ ? V^£JHsk|£1* H*nd death certain.
¥ B^BPwrffy^y^'Syy 1° thirty Tears xve
I • r SA."7 4 lkf ZtoIi have cured wore
I I ljf jffl?j?*j.Igjj^njf I cancer* than any
\J \ otner doctors living.
1 No X-Ray or other
0^^^gBt:&Ear s^l swindle.
#^%^r^l.V* Absolute g nar-
¦ — m ¦ %lantee. 130-pt{«
book sent Free.
l Address:
DR. & MRS. DR. CHAMLEY & CO.
"STRICTLY RELIABLE."
Offices 23 & 25 Third St., San Francisco
BEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCEB.
| 'Pevelopinj &»f|
i Printing «&&
I AT CUT IK
[PRICES |gf
My work Is first- V^J^fe^
class all the time. /$%•!*&'*
My prices are low- f£pp* r^* %
er than those of Mi$j7
anybody else In the \|\_
business. Bel ow Vf^
are a few figures. /ff"K
Send In your or-
ders early.
j DEVELOPING:
Roll of 6 lOo
Roll of 12 150
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS
at my usual low prices.
Cameras repaired at moderate
rates. "
I THAT m¥ PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer. *
1008 Market St., Above Powell.
SAX FRANCISCO.
4 fv Pcr * cct Fittin* ftp *
V; Eyeglasses /£
| J At Moderate Cost (\
V 642
Sf3Sa\A/E/\K. ./WEIN
k%Sp***5 VR. HALLS REINVlGORATOa
SB Bra etops all losses and unnatural dls-
t charces In 24 hours. You feel an
! z33 F^r Improvement frum the flrst dos».
' T ' 7m w< ' b &ve Sl> much confidence In our
il iX treatment that we offer Five Hun-
KC| ?*?£ drid reward for any case we can-
Hii iTWTiSfcS not cure. This secret remedy cures
lost Dower, nightly emissions, wasted organs.
i varlcccele, cleet. strictures, kidneys, failing
I memory, drains in the urine, gonorrhoea, dia-
i ease of the prostate glands and all other terrl-
• ble erects of self-abuse or excesses, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cures
the worst cases In old or young of that mortl-
I tying condition, quickness of the discharge, and
wanting To do. and 'you can't. Sent sealed. $2
per bottle, three bottles. $5. Guaranteed to
cure any case.
Call ' or addren orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. CsJ.
it I so for sale at 1073 Vi Market st.. B. P. Send
fcr ?r»» book.
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
{MUSEUM OF AHflTOim
A CB 15:iJfAEIIT8T.tat.6:k*rti,6.r.&d. A
\ ,t^T The Larrnt AMtooucal M uteum In tbe \
O _irflHli__ *» r1<l - ««»k»«ite» *r »ny c. ntnet^d (t
' vSES tfuein positively e»r«<lt)r the oldeit T
A &W* OR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ t €§^5 ConwItMioB fret «r.d itrtrtijr pr!r»!e. \
A I X»*J TrMtment pft»oi>»li)r or bjt letter. A Q
\ 8 tf Tl f—***** Cvrt in eierjr c»:« undcrnSien. T
Apt III > Write for Bo»k. piiii.norn v n r A
" • fl Kinnuue. mailed raaa. (A.Y
\ A JL r«lu»blc book (or mm) \
V DajOBDAH 4€O.. I0C1 Market St.. S. F. Y
yJt&^tiA MENANDWOMElt.
<5<SK3't?URE»^&?« Dm Big O for unnatural
ffim>lbi<in3a discharge*. Inflammation*.
BgSm Gsaraat*«4 H irritations oc ulcrrationa
ftVhW »« u iirtawrt. ~ of mucoo* membranes.
B» < rrma«> CnUfUa. Painless, and not ajtrla-
PJTlTKtETiXSCHtMICALCO. gent or poiionoui.
MflA ClHC!liaATl i C.R!S ¦«!«• *>7 Drattlitl,
ufca. JE$T or ient * n P' k ' D wrapptt.
J€£#]3)^ >y«l tij expreti. prepaid, far
VtHBtamQffi tl.00. or 5 bottles 12.76.
** Circular i«ct oa rtanstt
SlIMfflK HESOKTV
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Guernevllle In a srove a mile and a balf
Ioiik. skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; wi'.l build a dam In the river; 4 mlles
of smooth water for boating; and bathing.
Adult* $2 per day, (10 -per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fam-
uli's. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
PIUS. Cairo Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. .So-
noma County, Cal.
White Sulphur Springs
i-anta Rosa, Cal.
A quiet and refined family retort In a preluded
»pot two and a half mllra from tht City of
Iiosec; beautiful grounds; mountain climbing
and driving: all kinds of amusements; water
and bath unexcelled as tonic and restorative;
2V4 hours' rlda from San Francisco via Tlburon
ferry; bus meets trains: $8 per week and up;
»end for booklet: telephone White Sulphur,
P. a box 1S5.
H. A. P. FLEMING. Proprietor.
DK LA ROZA resort. Santa Cruz Mountains;
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
camping. A. J. GIUCS. Ugr., Clbba, Cal.
WHY NOT TRY
Highlar)d
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THc
Springs
\V5 OFFER TOU THE BEST OF MINERAL
~~ witers. accommodations and service.
Table unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished, light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All the popular sports and amusements. Liv-
ery, telephone and tostofflce.
Shortest route and cheapest fare to Lake i
County. Most centrally situated. Delightful
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
Make your reservations now.
TERMS— $10 to $17 50 per week. For Book-
let, etc.. call on our agent. H. R. DUFFIN.
633 Market street, or address
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs, Cat.
I Spend Your Vacation
for S2O fH
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs S8n LlI £>T po
The most ideal resort for pleasure and {
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San I
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs, San Luis |
Obispo. Cal., and return, including stage
to and from springs and one week's
board for fZO.OO to 922.00. according
to location nr rooms, or board and accom-
modations ?fMK) to $12.00 per week.
Scenic surroundings. free bathing,
br.ating and fishing on grounds. Fine
Fhady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for guests. Fine sea
beach one mile from' Hot Sulphur Springs.
Ccttafrex and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table Is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Lulu Oblspo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This is no hospital or sanatorium!
WWtE -
klylSih xJOS©
• bW 'Jim ' t^Sf 'Fltuated In Vendome Park
"J"~~~**jr °f 12 acre?, a charming
"222U5SS' summer report; both city
and country advantages;
automobile garage on the grounds
free to guests. Bathing pavilion.
howling alleys, tennis, etc. New auto
road map of the county mailed on
application. ,
J. T. BROOKS., Manager.
PARAISO SPBINGS
Monterey County, Cal.
The most popular sanitary and health
resort In California. Completely renovated
and Improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
pasilngly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur baths, large
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to F. W.
SCHROEDER, Manager, or PECK f S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Cru« County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Opened May 15 under entirely new man.
agement. Round trip trlckets from San Fran-
cisco $3. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery st., S. F., or to WILLIAM O.
DODGE. Lessee.
Harbin Springs
Mrst desirable In Lake Co.; contains sulphur.
Iron, magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles; new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and billiard-room. Acetylene gas
plant, livery, homo dairy, fine vegetable garden.
Rcund trip tickets. S. P. office, $7. J. A,
HAYS. Proprietor.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswick, Sitklyou County, California.
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery st., or at J.
MARTENS, Bachelor P. O., Lake Co., Cal.
_"_.„__._ Menlo Park, one hour from
IImiT Tf C* clt >- Nlne trains dally. Ptr-
nlll I I \ (ect climate; beautiful place;
II VII I I VI comfort and quiet; excellent
table.
Addrets W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. Holtt'a School.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved; 1900 fett 'altitude; no
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden: hot, cold baths: spring water; cement
swimming tank, 40x80. Rates $8 week up; stage
meets train. Schuler tt Scheben, Napa. Cal.
. JOHANNISBBRC.
New hotel; modern conveniences; -large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
ing; $10 and $12 per week. THEO.' BLANCK-
ENBURG JR.. Prop.. Oakvllle. Napa Co., or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
RKlJf.CHFIM Delightfully situated In the
liCKUjslCliU Santa >Cruz Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $8 per week. For particulars address a
F. BIEDENWEQ, R; D. 121. Santa Cm*. CaL
jEBJWjgHLBMBLrJfijL W C*^ Y^^J s^^^
BSP^ft< jvhr?i^TH Awnl&SY. S&mmockSf
rtrrtTr^fcWiiiTnin w. a. plummee.
Tel. Main 54'J. Ill Clay St.
Bathing Suits
20 Post StreetSpecial Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 330 Cal
ifornia street. - Telephone Main UU. •
Townsend'a California Glace fruits la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
. Texas. is agog over another, desperate crime committed
as. the culminating outrage ; in a. long series" of offenses
necessary to the conduct of a- bitter famiiy feud. " We
have; had enough of these bloody. incidents lately to for
tify a suspicion; that: the possession" of'honor and of life
at the same, time is antagonistic' to the peculiar.institu
tions of the; South. >% ,
REPORTS from Washnigton concerning the pro
.ccedjrigs of the War Department in dealing with
.the charges, made/ against Colonel Pitcher of the
Twenty-eighth -Infantry for failure to marry are rapidly
infusing the public mind with a fear that the department
is about to make itself ridiculous. We are told that the
officials of - the department are solemnly pondering
whether or no to command the colonel to appear and
answer, the charges before a court-martial, and naturally
enough the ; whole tribe of American humorists, ever
eager for. a new absurdity, on'the part of dignitaries, are
praying that the court may be held. , It will be "nuts"
for. them. . ¦-«' '.[ ¦ ,- • .- ,. .
Breach-of .promise cascsmevcr impress the. American
, Preparations are now being made^at Washington for
the unveiling of the statue of Frederick the Great, pre
sented -by Emperor . William. .The: time has* come,
therefore, for a revival of, the. nonsense of petty politi
cians and.the yellow press, who see; in; an act of cour
teous friendship assaults "upon. the traditions and the
constitution of country.' . T •', . ' -
WAR AND MATRIMONY. *
PLACER CLAIMS— C. L., Latrobe.
Cal. Claims usually called "placer,"
embracing all forms of deposit ex
cepting veins of quartz or other rock
in place, are subject to entry and
patent under like circumstances and
conditions and, upon similar proceed
ings as are provided for vein or lode
claims, but where the lands have been
previously surveyed by the United
States the entry in its exterior limits
shall conform to* the 1-^al conditions
as to public lands. But one discovery
of mineral is- required to support a
placer location, whether it be of ten
acres by one individual or of 160 or
less by an association of persons. No
claims ' shall exceed 160 acres. The
taking up of placer claims is governed
by Land Office regulations. A party
desiring' to take up a placer claim
should apply to the nearest United
States Land Office.
"PleaBe, Alamu, do not come here.'/ It
is dreadful. . We are air dead. ; Here
there is not much money. If.youjre
celve 30 shillings it only equals 10, and
thatjs all its value here." . - . - .
To a younger brother he writes : c "But,
Achlmwone, I say this to you, please,
my brother, if you see a- white: man
who is coming here, and if he says; to
you .'Come,. let us : go to Johannesburg,'
you must not consent on any account.
It is dreadful here. We people are all
dead." . • ¦,/•'.
In view of the permission' glven : , to re
cruit further natives from Central
rica, these letters are Instructive. ..^ ; _•
A correspondent of the London News
sends extracts from letters received in
Blantyre from some of the British Cen
tral African ' natives 'at work in the
Johannesburg mines. One of these
missives, written on the official note
paper of the East- Rand Proprietary
Mines,' limited, is interesting as show
ing that the laborers do not. like the
work, and that they are warning their
.fellows not to leave home for the South.
The writer says: . ¦¦ : / •.. .,
All Dead.
Our health officials have made the startling report that
much, of '•' the "milk sold in this city is more dangerous
than an equal quantity of sewage. If this be notan
exaggeration, the continuance of agitation in reference
to ; the. matter is. an absurdity.. The criminal law of
California"""c6vers the offense of murder by poison, and
action -should be" taken at: once. .
- The harvest of the" racetrack is being.' gathered these
days in the, police courts. Clerk after clerk, made dis
honest by the fascination of track gambling, is paying
the penalty in shame" and accusation. The peniten
tiaries are before many,. and the State is at, the expense
of prosecution. Some of these days we may- learn that
the cost of this luxury is -more than the community can
bear, and then there r be an exodus of evil^ spirits
and a. clearing of .the social and- moral* atmosphere. v > <;
ARMY CHAPLAIN— M. D., City.
The Federal law says that an appli
cant for appointment as chaplain in
the United States army mu3t bz a
regularly ordained minister of some
religious denomination in good stand
ing at the time of his appointment
and he must be recommended for such
appointment by seme ecclesiastical
body or by not less than five ministers
of the same denomination. A later
law says: "No person shall be ap
pointed a chaplain In the regular army
who shall have passed the age of 40.
nor until he has established hia fit
ness as required by existing laws."
And still another law says that this
latter provision shall not apply to such
as served as chaplain In the volunteer
service if at the time of appointment
in such volunteer service the appointee
was under 42 years" of age.
Among Chinese, Japanese and
Koreans the most sacred objects are
the family graves; their most cher
ished personal possessions are the me
morial tablets on which are inscribed
the names of those buried in these
sepulchers. The worship of their
fathers' fathers is at the bottom of
their souls the one fundamental and
abiding religion.
East and north of the city of Muk
den .lie the Imperial [ tombs, among
them those of the father and grand
father of the first Manchu" .Emperor
of Chlnaand 'of others who have sat
on the .great dragon throne.'
" ¦ It was about the middle of the sev
enteenth century that the Manchu
Prince of Mukden swooped down on
the north of China and in a decisive
and sanguinary battle at Shanhai
kwan overthrew the power of the last
of-the Emperors of the Ming: dynasty,
placing his own line upon the throne
of the "Middle Kingdom." For the
greater part of-the period covered by
the reigns of the Ming sovereigns
Mukden was- a small, unimportant
town; it' rose into prominence after
the Manchus had made It their capi
tal, and though the victors soon aban
doned it for; Peking it steadily in
creased in size and population. Sur
vivals of Its former state as an impe
rial place of residence are' still <o be
seen in the ruinous ancient palace, a
miniature of ' that at Peking, which
stands.near the center of the city, and
in the iemples of Heaven and jEarth,
where sacrifices are offered In* the
name of the Emperor.
To-day the population of Mukden
ia considerably above a quarter of a
million and the city itself, which is
largely modeled, though on a smaller
scale, on Peking, presents a. fine and
•ven imposing ; appearance. .. It corn-
In the eyes of the Manchurlans
there is but one Holy City in the
world. It is Mukden, where are the
ineffably venerated tombs of the
ancestors of the imperial family of
China. »
Mukden, the Sacred City.
POLL TAX— C. F. F.. Truckee, Cal.
The law of California does not men
tion soldiers of the United States
"army who are on furlough, as amon;
those who are exempt from the oper
ation of poll tax.
"Answers to Queries
A Patriot.
"I reckon, my friends," began - a
somewhat moss-grown, but eminent
ly astute candidate for the Arkansas
Legislature, addressing an outpouring
of the tolling masses of Izard County,
"that everything that was worth • say-
In' — and considerable more, too —
about the tariff and silver and. the
inickertous trusts, and all such as
that, was said before I broke Into the
political areny, so I'll just remark that
if I am elected I'll be too busy at
tendin' to my duties to do more than
come back here after a spell and make
you-all a sort of speech of thanks; but
If I ain't elected I'll have plenty, of
time to make you two long speeches,
and mebby more, and kiss -'all the
babies, and otherwise prepare the" way
for being elected the next time. That
is all I've got to say at present.) ex
cept that I n.m in your hands from
this time forth, and the keg. I3 over
yonder In Plunk Sagg's barn right
now. A word to the wise is, or ort to
be. sufficient." It is almost redund
ant to add that this broad-minded
patriot was at election time rushed
into the office he. craved with all the
whoop and eclat of a, cattle Btam-.
pede.— -Puck.
Students at Berkeley and Stanford
who suffer from the peculiar malady
known as "repeating" may comfort
themselves th^t Christian Busch was
a student of chemistry at the Univer
sity of Geissen for sixty-six semes
ters, but never passed. He could not
remember his lessons because of an
Injury to the head received in a duel.
He died recently.
Goinz a Fctv,
dim years:
God stands with us all at the River of
Tears!
And the cVosses and losses — the grief
and the Bloom.
Shall be Lijrht where his lilies eternally
bloom I
And we'll rest where the stars In Love s
crown fhall be seven.
In the glory that is not of the earth but
Of heaven! \ •¦
— Atlanta Constitution.
Be this. dear, your sol«<*e, for all the
o' the years.
At the shadowy brink of the River of
• Tears?
Of the River that runs through all lives,
and that seems
To weave in its gray mists the ghosts of
our dreams?
Behold! O'er the desolate, flowerless
sod.
The b^nd of the beautiful rainbows of
Cod!
Are you sigh ins. my dear, for a face
that is missed —
For lips that you loved so— the lips that
you kissed?
Do you shrink from the Silence — the
echolesi Night.
With never a gleam of lost tresses of
light?
Behold! 'l'houph the Silence and Dark
ness be Ion:?.
Out of the Silence God maketh a song!
Are you sighing, my dear, in the depths
The River of Tears.
Not only the engineers, but also the
doctors, will have much work to do in
connection with the construction of the
Panama canal. The health conditions
in the vicinity are very bad— it would
be difficult to find worse. The Chagres
fever, which is peculiar to this region
being named, indeed, after the river of
that name — prevails constantly and is a
very serious menace to the lives of men
from the north. I am confident that it
can be stamped out, but this will be a
difficult task, well worthy of the efforts
of the best medical ability in this coun
try.
The climate itself is not unfavorable
to health. The danger lies in the
swamps on the coast and in the abso
lute lack of sanitation in the towns.
The swamps will have to be drained
and a civilized sanitary system put into
operation. This work must be put un
der the direction of a medical man of
firmness, sound ideas and strong ex
ecutive ability. Though the manual la
bor on the canal will be done by accli
mated natives, a large number of men
from the United States will be em
ployed as superintendents and for other
work requiring skill and education.
Many young American civil and
mechanical engineers are looking to
Panama for opportunities, and there
will be places for a considerable propor
tion of those who want- them. The lives
of these men are too valuable to be
sacrificed to unhealthful conditions that
can be remedied. Some of the first and
most important undertakings in the
canaljjo'untry must be prosecuted i by
physicians. — Success.
Doctors at Panama.
HOWARD M. KUTCHIN, special agent of the De
partment of Commerce and Labor for the in
spection of the Alaskan salmon fisheries, has
embodied in his report for the year 1903, which is now
published by the department, an intelligent review of
the operation of the fishing laws in Alaskan waters and
some strongly emphasized advice upon the perpetuation
ot the salmon .supply through hatcheries. He warmly
seconds the recommendation made by the special Fish
Commission last summer that the Government under
take the work of propagation. 1
"Artificial propagation — these two words," says
Kutchin, "to my mind embody the solution of the vexed
question of the perpetuation of the Alaska salmon fish
eries, and it may be stated with equal brevity that the
attempt of the Government to exact that this work be
done by the packers of the salmon has been, and must
continue to be, ,a failure. Suffice it to say that out of
about forty companies and individuals engaged in the
packing business only a single one— the Alaska Packers'
Association — has gone into hatchery effort with any
thing like earnest purpose and thorough business-like
method, and even this concern by no means covers the
territory in which it operates nor produces an approxi
mate percentage of the ratio called for by the hatchery
regulation."
The scarcity of 'fish has begun to make itself manifest
in the season's total output. In his statistical report
Air. Ktitchin shows that, whereas the output of 1902
from all the concerns aggregated 2,631,320 cases, that of
the last season amounted to only 2,361,782 cases, a fall
ing off of 269,538 cases, representing a loss of 12% per
cent. In the Central Alaskan region about the Cooks
Inlet and Prince William Sound waters th*i salmon runs
have been noticeably short. Some of the more rare and
valued species of the fish are being diminished to the
extent of an enforced suspension of packing in those
brands. • '.'.
Not to the decreasing numbers of the fish alone is
due the threatened shortage 'in supply, but also to the
frequent violation of the'fish laws in force along Alaskan
waters. Though the special agent declares in his re
port that the laws are obeyed in the- main with about
as great an observance as any law. commands, he cites
frequent and flagrant violation of the measure which
prohibits the seining of more, than one-third of a
stream's waterway. Some • unscrupulous canneries,
which, in the absence of the inspectors, fence in an
entire stream with wire netting, do much .to destroy the
fish supply.
From the reading of the special agent's report and a
consideration of* the report made by; the special Fish
Commission appointed to investigate the methods of
the canneries in Alaska last summer it appears- that *if
the wealth of the Alaska canneries' is to continue un
impaired, the fish packers themselves must see to it that
every regulation made by the Government is stringently
enforced., If they are. prodigal with their supply now
they can blame nobody but themselves- should the ex
haustion of the salmon force suspension of business
in the future. ¦ - ! 5' : *
THE ALASKA FISHERIES.
Turkey has agreed, it is reported, to permit the Black
Sea fleet of Russia to pass the .Dardanelles on Ihe
single condition that it never. come back. The con
dition appears to be altogether unnecessary if we ac
cept recent events in the oriental war as precedents.
The fighting sailors of the MiKado appear' to~have con
scientious scruples against allowing any of the Russian
ships to get away.
Dear Sir: The Archbishop of Canter
bury desires me to say in reply to your
letter of the 12th inst. that there is
really nothing more to add at present
upon the subject of your letter than
that his Grace has received a very
cordial invitation to attend the con
vention of the Protestant .Episcopal
Church in America next October, 'and
that he is giving the invitation his
very careful consideration. Everything
depends upon the Archbishop's public
duties in England during the summer
and autumn. Yours truly, . '
ARTHUR SHEPPARD,
Private Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
5 HENRIETTA STREET, ' COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, May 21.— As all
sorts of rumors have been flying about
In the past weeks regarding the possi
bility of a visit of the Archbishop, of
Canterbury to the United States, j I
ventured to address "a letter to the
Archbishop, and have received the fol
lowing reply from his private secre
tary:
Lambeth Palace, S. E., May 19, 1904.
r Anent the Archbishop.
Special Correspondence.
Albert" Chevalier has been, talking
rather interestingly on the subject of
Evidently Beerbohm Tree has an eye
on'the patronage of the many Ameri
cans who soon will be in London. One
thinks so from the fact that he is to
follow "The Darling of the Gods,"
which will be played for the last time
on May 30, with three Thakespearean
revivals. Sir Henry Irving's last few
spring revivals at the old Lyceum were
supported almost entirely by Ameri
cans, and there should be much patron
ape for the younger actor-manager
froi the same quarter, for the three
pieces which he means to revive,
"Julius Caesar," "Twelfth Night" and
"A Midsummer-Night's Dream," are
among those which be dc:j best. In
the last named he will also have the
advantage of Miss Ellen Terry's* as-
Ethel Barrymore's beauty, grace and
vivacity captured the critics, official
and unofficial, at the first performance
in London of Hubert Henry Davles'
"Cynthlp*" although the poor girl was
so nervous and overwrought that she
was "discevered" on the verge of tears
each time the cUrtafh went up in re
•>:>onse to the enthusiastic calls of the
i-uJienee between the acts and at the
<?r.d of the play. There were Indica
tions that she was going to have a
sood. comfortable cry after the ordeal
was over. It was rather a severe or
deal, too, for the play did not appeal
as much to the British taste as it had
to American taste. The chief question
ihat seems to present itself to the Brit
ish mlncMs* whether or not the average
American girl Is as extravagant and as
•jriiorant of the value of money as
Cynthia. Max Freeman and Joseph
Wheelcek Jr., v.^ho were imported for
the production, were particularly well
received, and Gerald du Maurier, one
of the most intelligent of ihe younger
Knglish actors, did all that could be
•one vvi'" *he rather empty role of
ynthia's husband.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
5 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN*. LONDON. May 29.—Un
doubtedly the reception accorded to
"The Prince of PUsen"— presented her©
for the first time the other evening
has been fully described In the tele
graphic dispatches. Reports from the
United States, however, mak» it evident
that the latest experiment •with Ameri
can, musical comedy In London Is being
awaited with considerable curiosity at
home, eo It may not be out of place
to go somewhat Into details regarding
the situation. It will be remembered
that this is the beginning of an at
tempt to provide London with the be^t
musical plays that the United States
can produce. George Musgrove, the
manager of the Shaftesbury, where
"The Prince of Pilsen" is now running,
announced recently that he had made
a start by securing three pieces that
had enjoyed favor In the United States
—the present production, "The Yankee
Consul." and "Peggy From Paris," and
that if the opening attraction failed to
do business it would be shelved In
favor of the second, and so on until
he found a winner. « Americans In Lon
don watted for the outcome with par
ticular interest, for it is. of course, a
fact that since "The Belle of New
York" no American musical play
has found luck In London. It
is also- true that not one of
the plays sent over had been
a real success at home.- Judging from
the fact that it had run nearly two
years in the United States, it was felt,
hcrwever. that "The Prince of Pilsen"
should afford a fairer test. Well. "The
Prince" has been presented, and, it
must be confessed, has fared uncom
mop badly at the hands of the review
ers. They find it less well mounted
than the plays of this kind presented
by George Edwardes, of uncommon
feebleness in liberetto, more meritori
ous so far as music is cc-ncerned. but —
not so very funny! John VT. Ransome,
on arriving in London, was asked by
an interviewer if he would not anglicise
his part a little, so as to make it more
understandable by Britishers. The re
ply was "I won't change a single line."
Present indications are that this was
a mistake, for on the first night the
comedian's famous "catch-phrase" fell
rather flat. "Vas you ever in Cincin
nati?" — the constant inquiry of the
American brewer in the play — tickled
audiences at hc-me: here it is just as
funny as it would be in the United
States if an Englishman asked "Were
you ever tn Birmingham?" The much
heralded "Song of the Cities" also
proved rather mystifying to London
ers, and this might have been ex
pected. What significance could it be
supposed to have, for instance, if the
band played "Maryland" to announce
the arrival of the Baltimore girl, when
f*his tune is absolutely unknown to an
English audience? In such respects
"The Prince of Pilsen" may prove too
American to succeed in London, in
others it is voted not American enough.
The scene in Nice — there Is little, If any,
American local color; nothing quaint
to English eyes, as there proved to
be in "Dahomey." So It Is being asked
why it was worth while to bring all
this distance a play so much like the
home-made article? However, it is for
the public to say whether the next Item
on Mr. Musgrove's list shall, or shall
not.-- be long delayed.
EpecUl Ccrreepoadtnc*.
London's Stage World.
A series of interesting firing trials re
cently was undertaken by the Swedish
Government. The purpose of these ex
periments waa to examine the effect of
shooting against pasteooara. The trials
were conducted on the wharves of the
Swedish navy in Karlskrons, and the
target used was a prepared one of mill
board, against which fire from revolv
ers, rifles, carbines and machine guns
was directed. The pasteooard, which
was three inches thick, resisted com
pletely the bullets fired from the small
arms, but was perforated by the pro
jectiles from the machine guns. The
experiments may be said to have given
very interesting results. Bullets fro-m
the carbines used are able to penetrate
wooden planks five Inches in thickness,
but they could not penetrate the paste
board, which was only three inches
thick.— Xew York Tribune.
Firing at Pasteboard.
pares more than favorably with the
majority of Eastern cities. The station
on the Chinese* Eastern Railway, the
Harbin-Port Arthur branch of th»
Trans-Asian or Trans-Siberian Rail
way, is rather more than a mile from
the city, and on alighting from the
train the: splendid sixty-feet-hlg'a
brick walls which surround the inner
town imme4iately strike the eye. The
inner town Is In the form of a square
a mile wide and entrance into it is
gained by eight noble gates surmount
ed by watch towers and batteries. The
suburbs extend for'a mile on all sIJps
of the walls and are inclosed within
a rampart of earth.
The headquarters of the Russian
military resident are situated to the
south of the old palace and here, at
this moment probably. Admiral Alex
ieff sits and ponders the ruin he has
wrought, with the sound of the Jap
anese advance ever in his ears. In
Jhe northeastern suburb are the Rus
sian church, school and post and tele
graph offices; in the immediate neigh
borhood are the Russian military
headquarters and all around are the
camps of the Russian soldiers.
Mukden has also a Chinese garri
son with v a Tartar general in com
mand. Reports have recently ap
peared in the press stating that th*
Russians have brought pressure to
bear on the Chinese soldiers to with
draw from the place, but the latter,
fearing the wrath of Peking If they
abandoned the city of the imperial
tombs, have stubbornly refused to
leave.
And now Mukden has suddenly and
dramatically leaped into the eye of
the world.
'•When a boy 10 years cf'age I was
one of the great crowd of his neighbors
and friends who assembled at the
Wabash depot in Springfield in Febru
ary. 1861. and heard him bid farewell
to his neighbors and friends in a speech
tinged with sadness, but with Christian
hope."
"Mr. Lincoln, "as I recall, invariably
wore a high, hat, co-mmonly called a
•plug' hat. During the time of his
great debates with Douglas and Just
preceding and after his nomination for
the Presidency, Mr. Lincoln was much
preoccupied in mind.- When at home
he usually went up to the State House
after his evening meal to consult with
his party associates. He was quite
regular in his habits and usually came
back about 8:30 in the evening. His
habits were si/ well fixed that the boys
could calculate on his movements, and
we tied a string from the tree to the
fence at Just such a height as.to strike
Mr. Lincoln's plug hat about the cen
ter. We hid ourselves behind the fence
in the adjoining yard, behind the wall
around the corner, and In various
places.
"When Mr. Lincoln, with his arms
folded behind his back and evidently
in deep thought, would be suddenly
aroused by having his hat knocked off
by some unseen power we would raise
a mighty yell, rush out from our hiding
places, grab hold of him wherever we
could find a place and shout for Joy.
All his serious thoughts would vanish
instantly and he would laugh and romp
with us, and not unfrequently march
up the street with all the boys cling
ing around 'him until he could find a
place-to buy us some nuts or fruit.
! Senator Dubols delivered an address
'at the Soldiers* Home in Boise,^Idaho,
recently, in which he related some per
sonal reminiscences- of Lincoln, which
throw a strong light upon the lovable
character of the martyred President. .
"In my boyhood," said Senator Du
bols "my family lived almost directly
across the street from Mr. Lincoln. He
had two sons, William and Thomas,'
nicknamed 'Tad,' who were about the
same age as my brother. Dr. Jesse K.,
and myself. We. with the other boys of
' the- neighborhood, used to gather on
j Lincoln's corner in the summer even
i ings and play the usual games of boys
i until bedtime. Often Mr. Lincoln would
I romp with us, and we were perf ectlr
! safe in playing Jokes on Mm. There
was one prank which never failed to
be great sport for us.
"The front fence of. Mr. Lincoln's
! Springfield home, then and now, was
' about three feet high and stood cm a
brick wall, "which was about five feet
'•high. Almost directly in front of -the
'steps leading up from the sidewalk to
[ the house was a tree planted by Mr.
I Lincoln 1 himself, which still stands
j there. At" that time It was about 18 or
i 20 feet high.
Lincoln and the Children.
the music hall's feature, which he
thinks will be exceedingly bright.
Chevalier has been making a long tour
of the United Kingdom and has been
struck especially by the immense pat
ronage which the "halls" In. the large
cities roceive and by the immensely im
proved tone of the performance given
asveompared with the kind of thing in
vogue when he first entered \ the busi
ness. . ¦ -
"I foresee a time," he said to an .in
terviewer, "when distinguished drama
tists like Mr. Pinero will be glad, to
write little one-act plays for the halls,
and some of the finest actors of the
day will give character impersonations
there which will be perfect works of
art. The modern music hall is only a
youth yet. but he shows signs that
promise a fine maturity, and. I have
every confidence in him. I believe that
he will brighten and elevate the lives
of the people in a way that the stage
could not, because it could, not reach
them, and at the same time it will
prove a boon to the stage itself."
The system was undoubtedly transferred from Penn
sylvania to . Idaho. The only difference was the more
open commission of its crimes. Local officers were en
tirely controlled by it, and a hundred murders and vast
destruction of property occurred, with no attempt to
check or punish the perpetrators. The Governor of
Idaho, whose honorable fame will increase with years,
at last called .for Federal troops and cleared out the
criminals. The local officials were deposed and since
his work was finished the district has been peaceful and
prosperous. The State of Colorado has lost nearly
$25,000,000 by the domestication of the Idaho refugees
in her mining region, and Governor Peabody is now
taking the. same measures that were necessary in Idaho,
except that the State militia has proved itself trust
worthy and Federal troops are not necessary. When
the Eastern people point to these events in two Western
.mining States, and profess great concern about them, it
is only necessary to remind them of the Molly Maguires
in the old State of Pennsylvania.
It is the duty of the State to enforce the law, and when
the local officers are in the combination of its violators
they'must be deprived of their functions. , The fact that
life and property are made unsafe by a society or organ
ization, whose members destroy both does not sanctify
the crime. Take the case of the Mormon church as an
illustration. It is fixed in our constitutional policy that
the; state must not interfere with religion. To do so
would be an invasion of that liberty of conscience which
is essential to free government. When such interference
takes place civil liberty is at an end. But if a religious
society have a policy that is necessarily destructive of
civil liberty it cannot plead its religious character in
avoidance of punishment by the state. Government de
fends itself in* defending the rights of person and prop
erty, and ir. enforcing the law against those wlio defy
it, be they, secular or religicus societies. If the Mormon
church defy the law of the land in its practices, it be
comes liable to exactly the same treatment dealt out
to the. Molly Maguires in Idaho and Colorado.
Without any desire t6 inject partisanship into this dis
cussion, we may note the evidence that the influence of
both secular and religious law-breakers is apparent in
one of the great parties in the States named. The
Democratic convention of Idaho refused to send as a
delegate to the National Convention the great Democrat
who as Governor enforced the law and punished and
banished the - Molly Maguires. The refusal was upon
the express ground that he did enforce the law. The
State convention of the same party in Utah, under the
influence of the religious society that breaks the law,
refused to make any expression on the subject of po
lygamy.
These incidents only serve to disclose the perils of
the state when secular or religious societies array
themselves against the law. Where suffrage is universal
tl?e ballot, which was intended to preserve the rights of
person and property and to maintain the law, becomes
the instrument to destroy what it was intended to de
fend.
It is conceivable that in Utah the same measures may
some day have to be taken against the Mormon church
that have been- taken against the Molly Maguires in
Idaho and Colorado. Of course such measures cause
many pitiful ¦, No person 'is more pitiable
than one who suffers the penalty of contumacy that
originates in a perverted conscience. The miscreants
who' dynamited to death nearly a score of men in
Colorado recently felt no conscientious scruples. Their
Molly Maguire oath had come to be the only binding
obligation they felt. They know no state, no govern
ment, except their own murderous instincts.
So, too, when about the same time President Smith
of/the -Mormon church in his address to the young peo
ple of his church declared that he would continue' to
defy' the law by living with his five wives there was ex
pressed a religious conscience and the obligation of a
secret- oath, all superior to any civil obligation. He
knows no state and no government. The perverted
•practices of his religion are the sole guides of his con
duct. These things center the struggle for law and gov
ernment in the West. As both have prevailed over their
secular ¦enemies, so they will over those who defy them
in the name of religion, though every Mormon have to
•^be banished .frorn the country.
The Molly Maguircs in the coal region of Pennsyl
vania were for years a terror. They committed hun
dreds of murders. If a mine foreman became obnoxious
he was soon found dead. If a mine owner incurred the
wrath of the'inner council he was assassinated. If a fel
low-workman was disagreeable or refused to yield to
some exaction his corpse was found in the mine. Fi
nally detectives joined the Mollies and patiently gath
ered evidence. It was found that sheriffs and even
judges on the bench were Mollies, and that they had
participated in murders and had acquitted their accom
plices when brought before them. When the
was gathered, the legal hanging began and in about two
years the^ Mollies had 'expiated their crimes on •the. gal
lows, or were in'prison or exile.
rpHE Mormon question in Utah and the disturbance
I • in the mining districts of Colorado bring the West
•*¦ to the center of the stage. The mining troubles
that, so long disturbed. the Coeur d'Alene district in Idaho,
and after suppression there by the same means now em
ployed by Governor Pcabody, were transferred. to Colo
rado,' are recognized at once as Molly Maguireism in an
aggravated form.- .
However, it is not at all likely the public will see in
the issue anything more than the absurdity involved in
the appearance of the War Department in the role of a
marriage bureau. It will seem much like a revival of
the' "Courts of Love" that used to be held in the .ro
mantic days of old, when knights and troubadours were
summoned to answer before the pink tea dames of those
times for any alleged failure of doing their "devoirs"
to beauty. Doubtless there has been some personal
animosity back of the force that has been pressing this
case to an issue, but the officials of the War Depart
ment should not permit even that. force to impel them to
commit the absurdity of commanding an officer to come
before a court-martial and • explain • why he does not
marry a girl whom he does not wish to marry.
people as being very dignified, even when tried before
civil c6urts that are accustomed to them, and a breach of
promise court-martial be almost certain to strike
the popular mind in about the same way as a novelty
stunt at a vaudeville show. The War Department is sup
posed to be better fined for directing the stratagems and
the armaments of Mars than for regulating the pranks
of Cupid, and the absurdity of the thing would overcome
the gravity of even those who were most fully conscious
of the real seriousness of the issue.
As a matter of fact the issue! is a serious one. It is
not too much to say that nearly the .whole prosperity
of the private lives of^ men and women is made oV
marred by marriage". If there be anything- in which in
dividual responsibility should be left free to the dictates
of personal love and honor, surely it is that of the choice
of a partner for life. Of course where wrong has been
done there should be a means of righting it, but in such
cases as the one under review, where no dishonor is
alleged, the individual has a right to claim immunity
from supervision and dictation by any governmental au
thority whatever.
STATE AND CHURCH AND LAW.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12,; 1904..
ME; SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT-, Manager
Publication Office ...../ .. .Third and Market Street*. S. F.
SUNDAY ...... v .7. ........ . . ....... . . JUNE 12, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
32The third anniversary ball of Local
No. 46, National Association of Steam
and Hot Water Fitters, was held in
Eintracht Hall last night. The ball
was the most successful ever given by
the organization both from social and
financial standpoints. The hall was
filled with merry young people, who
enjoyed themselves to the fullest ex
tent until the strains of "Home, Sweet
Home," were sounded. The commit- .
tees having charge of the affair were
made uj? as follows: "4 ->¦ .
Arrangements^ — J. Burke, chair
man; M. Conlon. L. Murphy, E. Ml3
kel. J. HIggins. Floor manager — J. A.
Doughty. Assistant floor manager—*
T. A. Reardon. Reception committee
— W. Stum. J. Winters. A. Rlddock.
C. Hecker. Floor committee — P. D.
Hayes, J. Dolan, P. Sullivan, B.
Nicholson.
Steamfltters* Ball.
The oral examination of the appli
cants was held in the rooms of the
Board of Education at the City Hall
in the- evening.
"How would you make the recita
tion of each pupil an intellectual ac
tivity for every member of the class?
"Outline an inductive lesson In
English grammar."
school or public library to the best
advantage ?
"Iri teaching literature what would
be your chief aims. What are the de
fects in present methods? Would you
use tne sentences in literature as drills
in grammar? Give reasons for an
swers.
Two hundred and four applicants
appeared at the Girls' High School
yesterday £0 take the teachers' annual
competitive examinations conducted
by the -, Board of Education. Besides
the members of the board there were
present as an examining committee
Principals Morton, Faulkner, Scott,
Mann, De Bell, Sullivan, Pechin,
Burke, Magner and Shearer. Five
questions -were asked at the morning
session and five 'in the afternoon, to
which written answers were prepared
by the applicants. The questions asked
were:
"Write a model lesson in geography
and tell how you would make use of
the following in teaching the same:
1, attention; 2, interest; 3, association;
4, memory; 6, imagination.
"What standards or principles
should guide a teacher in advancing
or detaining a child at promotion
time? Should) all subjects have equal
weight? If not, suggest some sub
jects that should have more weight
than others. Give reasons In full for
your answer
"Describe a remedy for each of the
following cases: (a) Poor spellers:
(b) faulty grammarians; (c) careless
calculators; (d) thoughtless memorlz
eris; (e) poor readers.
"Why Is it important to give spe
cial attention to ventilation of the
schoolroom? Discuss fully the phys
iological processes Involved.
"What are your standards of good
work in composition? Suggest the
most effective" methods of correcting
composition in class. In your sugges
tions explain the defects as well as
the merits of your method."
"Discuss the method best calculated
to secure the friendship and co-opera
tion of a class.
• "How would you make use of the
More IThan Two Hundred
Applicants Appear Before
Board of School Directors
MANY STRIVE
FOR DIPLOMAS
In the suit of Coates against the
Welnstock-Lubin Company the jury
in Superior Judge Kerrigan's court
yesterday returned a. verdict of $1760
for the plaintiff. He sued for $2000
alleged to be due as commission on
the sale qf the property of the Thomas
Blythe estate at' Geary street and
Grant avenue, j
Verdict for Coatcs.
Campbell, Metson & Campbell, at
torneys for Georgiana Alethia Adam
son, executrix of the will of William
R. H. Adamson, yesterday commenced
suit in the Superior Court against
Emma L. Merritt, executrix of the
estate of Adolph Sutro. The plaintiff
asks for an accounting to determine
the condition of -the accounts, of
Adamson at the" time of his death as
executor of the estate' of. Sutro and
the amount to be allowed out of the
Sutro estate for Adamson's services.
Sutro Estate Sued.
Accounting of Locke Estate.
Yesterday in the Superior Court a
suit was commenced by Florinda A.
Nelson, as executrix of the estates of
Silas M. Locke' and Josiah H. Locke,
against Florinda Locke and otheri
heirs of Silas Locke for an accounting.
Josinh Locke was administrator of the
Silas Locke estate, but died before the
estate was administered. An exhibit
attached to the complaint shows that
he received $192,122 01 and disbursed
$9040 47 while he was administrator.
Proposition to Amend Constitution Is
Deferred I'mll the Next Quar
terly 3ieeting;.
Members of the Mechanics* Insti
tute decided last night not to make
any changes In the constitution for the
present, although two propositions
were up for consideration.
At the last regular quarterly meet
ing in March an amendment to the
constitution was offered to place all
members that had paid dues for
twenty-flve years on the exempt list,
and another amendment identical,
with the exception that the time limit
was placed at twenty years.
There Is a membership of about 3000
and of that number 190 would be Im
mediately benefited by the proposed
change. The first proposition was
voted down and the second laid over
until the next quarterly meeting.
The injured boy was removed to
the Harbor Hospital, wheVe his in
juries were pronounced fatal. He sus
tained a fracture of several ribs on the
left side and received internal inju
ries. Cuneo was arrested for battery
and released on bail.
The engine was responding to an
alarm from box No. 61 at Folsom and
Beale streets and the lad followed it.
As it rounded the corner of the above
named streets young Connolly ran in
front of the huge vehicle. He was
struck by one of the horses and then
by the wheel of the engine and thrown
heavily to the ground. Driver Gabriel
Cuneo did all in his power to arrest the
speed of ' the fire apparatus, but in
vain.
John Connolly, the 15-year-old son
of John Connolly of 8 Rincon court,
was run over and fatally injured by
Fire Engine No. 9 late yesterday af
ternoon. The accident occurred at
the corner of Harrison and Main
streets.
Flfteen-Ycar-Old John Connolly Runs
in Front of Moving Vehicle
and Will Die.
YOUNG BOY FATALLY HURT
BY SPEEDING FIRE ENGINE
Last night Detectives O'Dea and
Mulcahy arrested the driver of a Junk
wagon in the Western Addition, which
contained stolen goods of all descrip
tions. The detectives have not yet
established hte identity, but say they
will be able to trace a number of
house burglaries in that section, to
him. . .
Detectives Regan and O'Connell of
the Southern police district took Jo
seph Brooks into custody yesterday
and placed his name on the detinue
book at the Central station. Brooks,
with an accomplice who is yet at
large, drove a hoavy wagon to the
warehouse of Catton & v Bell at 436
Townsend street and carted away
several hundred pounds of wool. This
daring theft was committed about
noon on Friday, and the detectives
traced the stolen stuff to the shop of
a dealer 'named Levy, where it had
been sold.
THIEVES U&E WAGON'S ,'
IN REMOVING SPOILS
XO CHANGES ARE MADE
BY MECIL%NICS' INSTITUTE
FORT RILEY, Kans.. June 1L—Cap
tain Edgar A. Fry, Thirteenth United
States Infantry, stationed at San
Francisco,, and Miss Mary Maus,
daughter of Lieutenant Colonel Louis
M. Maus, deputy surgeon general of
the United States army, will be mar
ried at the post chapel at Fort Riley,
Wednesday, June 29. .
Captain Fry is an Abilene, Kansas,
man. He was first lieutenant of Com
pany I, Twentieth Kansas, and served
in that capacity while the regiment
was in the Philippines. When the
Twentieth Kansas returned to the
States he bw-ame a captain In a volun
teer regiment, and was later trans
ferred to the regular service as first
lieutenant.
of Colonel Maus Will Occur
at Kansas Post.
Marriage of Captain Fry to Daughter
ARMY WEDDING TO TAKE
PLACE AT FORT RILEY
PERSONAL.
J. J. Griffin, a capitalist of Merced,
is at the Lick.
Admiral E. Putnam, retired, of
Washington is at the St.*- Francis.
E. W. Gillett, general freight and
passenger agent of the Salt Lake road,
is at the Palace.
United States Senator Frarfcls G.
Newlands of Nevada arrived from the
East yesterday and " is staying at the
.Palace. He will remain here until
Wednesday and then return to Ne
vada.
George J. C. McMullen, with the
Grangers' Business Association, has
returned from a trip to the St. Louis
Exposition, and the . Eastern and
Southern cities.
William E. Sharon, superintendent
of Comstock mines and the Demo
cratic choice In Nevada for the nomi
nation of United States Senator to
succeed William M. Stewart, arrived
from Virginia City yesterday.
Californlans in New York.
NEW YORK, June lL^The following
Californlans are registered in New
York: From San Francisco— T. C.
Akerman, at the Netherland; N. Ah
rens, at the Belvedere; Miss M.' E.
Blume, at the Continental; Mrs. A. T.
Brown, at the Cumberland;. Mrs. R.
Ferral, at the Hotel Seville; J. D. Heise,
at the Belvedere: A. Johnson, at the
Grand Union; J. J. Mack and wife, at
the Netherland; Mrs. W. J. Martin, at
the Seville: Mrs. C. Meyer, at the
Netherland; Mrs. J." W. Reid, at the
Park Avenue: H. G. Sturtevant, at the
Astor House; J. M. Brooks, at the Con
tinental; S. H. May and W. Mizner, at
the Rossmore Hotel; E. R. Storm, at
the Westminster: C. A. Dora and wife,
at the Holland, and P. M. Jones, at the
Herald Square.
From Los Angeles— L. Bixby, at the
Westminster; C S. Rogers and Mrs. F.
F. Towne, at the Imperial; L. M. Wills,
at the Gllsey House: R: M. Booth, at
the Park Avenue; J. B. M. Roberts, at
the Astor House: Miss A. E. Wadleigh,
at the Kensington; P. B. Ellis, at the
Herald Square, and E. W. Fleming, at
the Herald Scuare.
Californians hi Washington.
I WASHINGTON, June •11.— The fol
iowing Californlans are- in Washing
ton: . - - .
From San Francisco— R. J. Northam
and wife, E. F.- Northam and wife,' F.
P. Cole and wife. Miss Alice Cole. Miss
Helen F. Cole and Dr.;C. C. Mohln and
wife.
I You cannet go forward without leav*
ing some things behind.
When the policeman arrived the
crowd broke and ran. All made* their
escape. Goodnight sustained several
severe lacerations of the head, face
and body and may have internal inju
ries. Goodnight recognized some of
his assailants as union men he saw
hanging around the freight sheds dur
ing the afternoon.
Goodnight arrived in town yester
day morning from Yuma, Ariz., to go
to work in the Southern Pacific freight
sheds at Fourth and Townsend streets.
He put in half a day and in the even
ing repaired to. hunt for a room.
While on Fourth street, which was
crowded at the time, he was set upon
by half a dozen men and knocked
down, kicked and brutally beaten.
But for the prompt arrival of Police
man Philpot the unfortunate man
might have been kicked to death.
Frank Price, a watchman employed
by the Southern Pacific Company in
the freight sheds at Townsend street,
was taken to the Central Emergency
Hospital last night and treated by
Dr. Boskowitz for numerous abrasions
and contusions about the head and
face. According to the story told by
Price he was crossing Fourth and
Brannan streets when ten striking
freight handlers assaulted him. On
the approach of two patrolmen the
thugs took to their heels and made
their escape.
Charles M. Goodnight, a non-union
freight handler, was nearly beaten to
death by union , sympathizers on
Fourth street, near Bryant, last night.
Goodnight was removed to the Har
bor Hospital, where his injuries were
dressed. He .will recover.
C. 31. Goodnight nnd Frank Price
Beaten After Leaving Southern
• Pacific Depot.
While at the Emergency Hospital
she claimed that her husband was a
party to the assault, but this was dis
proved by the police investigation. In
the meantime King secured a divorce
from her, the decree. being granted a
few days ago. This and other causes
may "have had a tendency to upset the
woman's mind.' She will be examined
by the Insanity Commissioners to
morrow.
Mrs. King was' picked up at 3
o'clock in the morning of May 21 at
Fourteenth and Market streets by Po
lice Officer Lycett of the Mission dis
trict and was taken to the Emergency
Hospital for treatment for several
contused wounds- on the head and
face, with a possible fracture of the
skull. From the Emergency Hospital
she was sent to the City and County
Hospital, where she remained until
last Sunday,. when she. was discharged.
On her return. to her mother's home
she showed symptoms of insanity,
supposedly from the effects of the
beating she received.
Annie I. King, the divorced wife of
Charles King, an advertising agent for
the local theaters, was placed in the
Detention Hospital for the insane yes
terday by her mother, Mrs. Maria
Duffy, who lives at 224 McAllister
street.
Mrs. Annie King Is Taken by Her
, Mother to Detention Hospital
for Examination.
FREIGHT HANDLERS ATTACK
TWO NON-UNION EMPLOYES
WO3IAX, » BADLY BRUISED,
INSANE FROM BEATING
A large audience gathered at the
Sheridan School Thursday afternoon,
June 9, to attend the graduation ex
ercises of the class of '04. Pupils and
friends enjoyed the event greatly.
The list of graduates is as follows:
Irene Gehring, Albert Hall, John Jehl,
Eugene. Gilbert, Clara Kiepen, Nannie
Llewellyn, Margaret Moriarity, Hazel
Mudd, Ethel 'Neubauer, Eda Pelle
grini, Estella Schultz, Sadie Speers,
Bessie Tczer, Ida Young, Florence
Xeubauer and George Neugebauer.
Girls Outnumber the Boys in the
Graduating Class. •
SHERIDAN*. SCHOOL GRADUATES.
Bookkeeping — Edwin Acton, Rob
ert G. Dodds, Charles Campbell, John
A. Lally, William Morrison, Peter Pe
tersen, Alvin Thornton, William J.
Whalen, Helen Chester, Stella Woods.
Shorthand and typewriting — Mathil
da Blecher, James Foran, Fannie Gib
son, Grace Gitsham, Edward Lally,
Hattie Moore, Nellie Mullen, Annie
Murphy, Mathilde von der Nienburg,
William OVNeill. Lillian Ovens, Will
Sullivan. Pearl Wiegel, Martha Wlen
mann. "'
The graduation exercises of the
Horace Mann Evening: School were
held Thursday evening at Mission
Opera Hall, 2131 Mission street. The
programme of speaking, music and
dances was a great success. The fol
lowing is the list of graduates:
Ninth grade — C. A. Kampf (med
al), Albert Louis Wilhelm (medal),
Jesse Milton "Warren, William Joseph
Ahern, Edward Carlson, Lawrence J.
Dwyer, Fred Freese, Milton George
Gillmore, John J. Johnson Jr., John
Michelsen, Joseph Maloney, Raymond
A. Xelson. Henry John Schwab, Mer
vyn C. Stange, John Ed .Sheahan Jr.,
Hermann W. Wendt, Bert Adams,
George Little, D'Arcy M. Cashin, Hugh
Houston, Katherine Hunt, Phil Noo
nan.
Musical Programme Followed by
Awarding of Diplomas.
HORACE MANN SCHOOL.
The graduation exercises of the Low
ell High School .were very entertaining
and greatly pleased the friends and
relatives of the graduates. After a
i programme of songs, recitations and
addresses the following received diplo
mas:
Allan H. Abbott, Frank Howard Ab
bott, Gertrude Albrecht, Veva M. An
derson, Aslang Aune, Hazel M. Ban
•ner, Mattie J. Belvel, Anita E. Beyfuss,
Nina Alice Blow, Fay Alice Breneman,
Augustus S. Brignole, Henry Chesley
Bush, William A. Carrick. D. Christo
pher Creighton, Anthony S. Devoto,
Constance Madeline Dewey, Evelyn L.
> Doughty, Sadie T. Fallt, \ George W.
" Frank, Roy N. Fuller, . Ottilia Laura
Gilllland, Roy Gotthejmer, Charles
Grace, Eugene L. Grunsky, Lester
Gunst, Maurice Edward Harrison, Roy
G. Hillebrand, Jack Edward Hlllman,
Edith V. Hollingsworth, Edna V. Horn,
Emllte Joseph, Eugene Juda, Alfred
Kohlberg, "Walter C. Krenz, James I'.
Langhorne Jr., Albert L. Lapachet,
David Livingston Levy, Kathryn Lind
say, Robert F. MacDonald,'"\Vil!ia.n*C.
Mackintosh, Henry G. Mj^rtens, Ida
P. Meier, Louis H. Meyer, Stuart Cur
tjs Mjrcon, Florence May Nachtreib,
Ernest Henry Nast. Harry J. Oser,
John J. Pflster Jr., Fernanda D. Pratt,
Albert A. Rhine, Mary Teresa Ryan,
Sidney L. Schwartz, Anna N. Scott,
William Sea Jr., Felix T. Smith, Walter
D. Sultan. Florence Ivy Sibley. Ella I.
Sondheim. Clara L. Taverner, Alicia
Vail, Helen Rebecca Wagner, Irene
Schofleld Walter, Lillian B. Zobel.
Interesting and Entertain
ing Programme Marks the
Awarding of Parchments
DIPLOMAS FOR SCORES
Large Class of Boy and Girl
Graduates of Lowell High
School Says Its Farewell
MANY SCHOOLS
HOLD EXERCISES
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1904.
33
Especial attention is invited to
the
DOMESTIC HELP
and
SITUATION WANTED
advertisements.
Readers will also profit by care-
fully scrutinizing the
REAL ESTATE and BUSINESS
CHANCES
advertisements in THE CALL.
See pages 42 to 47.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Princess of Wales
Recommended and Used by Crowned Heads
The Princess of Wales and probable future Queen of England
:s a most charming and cultivated womanly woman.
She possesses all those essentially feminine attributes that lend
grace and digmity and attractiveness to positions of power and au-
thority. While nowise deficient in radiant matronly pride, her fig-
ure, though petite, is perfect — her carriage stately and pleasing
— her eyes sparkling and vivacious — and her hair lustrous, lovely
and luxuriant. Like all European women of high station, she pays
constant and careful attention to the growth, adornment and care
of her hair. American women will do well to follow her example.
Half the charm of woman, no matter in what position her lot
is cast, is the beauty, strength and lustre of her hair. • • •
How needful it is therefore to study every method of beautify-
ing and stimulating its growth.
ED. PINAUD'S
(Pronounced Pee-no)
EAUDE QUININE
HAIR TONIC
:> a pure and infallible vegetable compound intended for curing all
forms of dandruff. It positively makes hair grow luxuriantly by
keeping the scalp in healthy condition. It is furthermore" an excel-
lent hair dressing, and the refined odor it leaves in the hair makes
it a toilet luxury. •
- v Since ED. PINAUD'S HAIR TOXIC, EAU DE QUININE,
has been placed upon the American market, no man or woman
should be disfigured by falling hair or troubled by dandruff. The
best proof of its success is that over 150,000 bottles were sold in
one month in the United States.
ED. PINAUD has devoted a lifetime of experiment and inves-
tigation to the discovery and application of this infallible hair re-
storer. Nothing has equaled it or can excel it. Recommended by
crowned heads and elite people all over the world. For sale by all
first-class dealers everywhere. BEWARE of imitations. See that
the name Ed. Pinaud's is on eachbottle.
50c and $1.00 per bottle. 1 — —^ f - — ¦
FREE SAM PLE mailed on re- We a ™ < h * largest manutao
ccipt of 6c to pav postage and 'unrs in the world of high
packing. Address ED. PINAUDS perfumes. Our name is
IMPORTATION OFFICE ED a guarantee of highest quality.
Piviim Pinr \F\V -Pmrfumvle- Ed. Pinaud. 18
YORK CITY. I Place Vendomc, Paris.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
COMMENCES
Post Street Store Will Be Remodeled hi\ July
/ CorvPost s Kearht Sts.
¦0. \\G '•' Ap*g"F,T*TTS'E"M"FNTff <
¦ A •»» vul \£-&J^t^^*u£*tLIJ
I $40 Ladies' Dresses '^^Sl^^
| Cheviots, tweeds, etamines, in all the '^^^'^^X^y'j'/l'i'^j^M
| - latest designs and colors; all highly l^^^^^W l h*s^9
1 tailored; special *% SO K^fil^^^^v^sfiK
J this week *$&&.^2l. Mi/K^^^j'^I^M
I Undermuslm Special »M^^mMfm
H Any $2.00 gown, corset cover, skirt f^^^^^^^^J&^ij^a
I or shirt waist in our undermoslin
I Millinery Special If^^fe^
a French imported hats, everyone guar- <$'£uV '^'^?/*l^$^
II anteed to be an original model. X/^^^V;i|iif^?^| vij
i Your selection \ while 1 A A *^SJffi v»Jiip^j|ff|'d
g they fast %p & \/«_IJL T^2t^^.?-|^
AI/VEBTISEiULNTS. ;S ; ';.',
SL ! Bathing Suits ££***
Fcr Men, For Women,
fr. m 75c up. from $1.50 up.
Fo- Boys, For Girls,
fn m 50c up. from $1.25 up.
_!? Bathing Slippers, 25c. Caps, 153, 25c,*50c, etc
JERSEYS for Men, plain colors or in stripes .. $2.50 and $3 00
JERSEYS for Boys • . .$L50, $1.75 and $2.00
SWEATERS for M n, from $1.50 to $6.00
SWEATERS for 50c to $3.00
! Women and Boys this week; H I'm Al
LADIES' Florodora Jackets W
from #4.OO to *o.«">. KKIITlTIMn Pfl
LADIES' OutinR Hats-{rora AIM I liPl HMu till.
< 4Oc tO $3«3O. * «j Cieary treet e «n ''rancirco
' ¦¦ Open £atur<^iys Till 10 p. m.
POSTUM CEREAL.
Need a Nonrisher?
Lots do. Try
PGSTUM
Food toffee
10 days and <
Pr*ve Things
"i
'¦; -Get the little book. "The Road' to
Wellvllle" !n each pkff.' Trapper'* Oil cuts rheumatism and naur— fU.
Prussia tt. SOo flaak. Rlcfc«x4 * Co.. 404 CU/ k «
Land of the Midnight Sun, Glaciers
and a thousand Islands. en route. Inside
passage. \ Seasickness unknown. J The
palatial excursion steamer , Spokane will
leave Seattle. 9 a. m.. June 7, 21. July 5,
19, Aug. 2. 16." For information, epply
<to -Pacific Coast 8. 8. Co.'s Xicket Offices.
4 New Montgomery st (Palace Hotel)
and 10 Myket Bt C. _>. DunaruV Oeri.
Pass. Aft.. San Francisco, - ?:-*?-
Alaska Excursion- F ; -»son 1904.
Edward Gallagher, an Inmate of the
Almshouse, committed suicide late
yesterday afternoon by hanging him
self to a -tree on a knoll near the
grounds of the poor farm. When dis
covered he had been dead for two
hours. Gallagher was 37 years of
age.' ;'. . . ;-'<
Hangs Himself to a Tree.
Collins immediately applied to
Judge Lawlo*» for a writ of mandate
to compel Cabaniss to sign the war
rants, but as Cabaniss had not def
initely refused Lawlor thought it
would be advisable to wait till to
morrow morning before issuing the
writ.
Attorney George D. Collins contin
ues hot on the trail of Police Commis
sioner H. W. Hutton, "special chief of
police for 1129 Dupont street," Ac
cording to arrangement Collins called
on Police Judge Cabaniss again yes
terday morning to get the Judge's
signature to warrants for. the arrest of
Hutton and Policemen Barry and Fen
nell for falsely imprisoning Mary Bu
ren, an Inmate of 1129 Dupont street.
The Judge said he had seen Hutton
and had_ explained the situation, but
Hutton wanted time to look up au
thorities. The Judge suggested to
Collins that the matter of the Issu
ance of the warrants be laid over till
to-morrow and meantime he would
hear from Hutton.
Applies to Judge Lawlor for 'Writ of
Mandate to Compel Cabanlss to
Issue Warrant.
COIiMNS WILL INSIST ON
HAVING HXJTTON PUNISHED
The work of discharging the Algoa's
cargo is proceeding rapidly and the
extent of . the damage Cone to the
freight bv the water is now. known.
This damage is estimated at about $75,
000.
Cargo Badly , Damaged.
Captain Louis H. Turner, marine
surveyor of the Fireman's Fund In
surance Company, returned on the
• City of Para from Acajutla, where he
has been inspecting the wreck of the
Colon for the underwriters interested
ln the vessel's cargo. . ;"r '
Returns From Colon Wreck.
Some very swell wedding: Invitations ¦ come
from Edward S. Knowles. 24 Second street. ¦
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship Newport, Captain Sandberg, sailed
yesterday for Panama and way ports.
She carried four cabin passengers for
New York, eight for coast ports, twen
ty-one' steerage and three Chinese.
Newport Sails for Panama.
for Murder, And Burglar and Rob
ber'Ten years Each.
Two prisoners appeared for sen
tence before Judge Lawlor yesterday.
Wong Sang Lung, convicted of mur
der In the second degree with a rec
ommendation of mercy, was sentenced
to Imprisonment for life ln San Quen
tln. He shot and killed Joe Yung Tot
In Spofford alley on February 9.
Ernest Monterichards, who plead
ed guilty to a charge of burglary, -was
sentenced/ to serve ten years ln San
Quentin. He broke into th« rooms of
Mrs. Marietta Viola. 70S Stockton
street, on March 12. About six years
ago Monterichards, " who was then
about 15 years of age, 'fatally stabbed
another boy on . Stockton street, j but
the parents of the murdered boy re
fused to prosecute him.
John Newell, who pleaded guilty ln
Judge Dunne's court to a charge of
robbery for holding up Patrick Hef
fernan on February 29 and taking: a
watch and $9 50 from him, was sen
tenced to serve ten years in Folsom
penitentiary.
Archie Burton and John G. Moran
were sent to the Preston School of In
dustry * by Judge Dunne. Burton
pleaded guilty to a charge of robbery
for holding up A. W. Holstrom on
April 3. Moran pleaded guilty to two
charges of burglary for entering the
rooms of Dr. W. H. Sleberst, 233
Geary street, on January 31 and the
rooms of Duncan E. McKInlay. 832
Post street, on February 28.
Chinese Gets Imprisonment for life
PRISONERS SEXTEXCED
FOR THEIR OFFENSES
When the testimony was all In,! In- J
eluding stipulations as to, what; others
would have said If they had' been pres
ent, the . Harbor Commissioners an
nounced ' that they - would ' decide - all .
three cases next Tuesday afternoon at {
2 o'clock. ' ¦ ¦ ' |
OTHER CASES HEARD.
When the arguments had been heard,
the matter was taken under - advise- I
ment, the board proceeding, with the !
testimony ln the other cases. Lercari
repeated in substance the complaint
filed against the American Produce '
Company. He said'that when he had
offered to buy of B. C. Daltdn twenty
boxes of potatoes, Dal ton, representing
the American Produce Company, had
refused to sell.' Dal ton was quoted as
saying that the reason for his refusal
was found In the rules of the Produce j
Dealers' Association. Messrs. Baciga- j
lupl and Pierretti,- witnesses in the pre
ceding case, corroborated the state
ments of L*rcarL r . .
Dalton, when called as a witness, tes
tified that he had no other reason and
gave no - other j reason • for not- selling
twenty boxes except that he did not
wish to break a lot. ; . .--;
In the case against L. Scatena & Co.,
Pierretti and Lercari testified that the '
sale of twenty boxes of potatoes had f
been refused on the ground of asso
ciation rules. ...
Daniel Smith, representative of . L.
Scatena & Co., denied on the witness
stand that he had made any statement
that association rules had anything to
do with the i transaction, . or that any
money was placed in- his .hands" with
which to payfor twenty bo:tes. George
L. Burt, also an employe of ,L. Scatena
& Co., corroborated • the testimony of.
Smith. - ' I ;
Reinstein again contended that all"
that had happened was that, attempts •
had been made.- to' buy small lots at
wholesale prices from Wolf & Son. .He
complained that the Harbor Commis- ;
sloners, by setting up. a rule that '-a u
very small number. of sacki," or boxes
of potatoes or onions should be sold
to every solvent bidder who wished to
so purchase, were practically estab-.
lishlng a retail basis on the State's .
wharves for firms who are wholesalers. '
Reinstein also called the attempt to .
buy a comparatively small lot of goods
from Wolf & Son a trick. There had
been no discrimination if every one was
treated alike, he said. . j
Attorney Wise denied promptly that
there had been any trick. He said that
the argument of Reinstein •¦• was the
most evasive. and his defense the most
absurd that he had ever heard. To
this" somewhat warm -beginning Wise'
keyed much of his remarks. He called
attention to an agreement j Reinstein"
had filed, in which the produce dealers
In the combine had set forth that it
was their purpose to conform to the
Woodward law in their organization.
Ninety-five per cent of the dealers had,
according to Reinstein,- agreed to obey
the law. Wise said, and he grew quite
sarcastic over this and - proposed that
a monument to Wolf & Son should,
therefore, be erected on the wharf
where the transaction of which Ler- j
carl complained -took place. , j
goods. The Woodward law, he sald.'j
did not have anything to do with regu
latlng.the quantity of perishable prod- i
uce to be sold . to any purchaser or i
with the price.- S ¦ ¦ .-- - J
The Board of Works yesterday noti
fied the Board of Supervisors that the
estimated cost of building water works
at the new pesthonse Is $3000, and re
quests authority to perform the work.
Water Works for Pesthonse.
Autopsy Surgeon Bacigalupi per
formed an autopsy yesterday on the
body of Mrs. Catherine McGrath, who
died suddenly last Friday while ln a
.bathtub at Harbor View. He found
that death had been caused by fatty
degeneration of the heart •
Heart Disease the Cause.
For visitors to the World's Fair to see
the East. Reduced rates to Nevi; York
and other Eastern cities are now In ef
fect, via the Pennsylvania Lines,
through either Chicago or St. Louis.
Tickets to New York and Philadelphia
are good via Washington, allowing ten
days at the national capital. Stopovers
are also allowed at Baltimore and Phila
delphia. For particulars, ask E. M. Pom
eroy. P. c. A., 621 Market street, San
Francisco. •
An Excellent 'Opportunity
Jay Federlein, a theatrical advertis
ing agent, was suffocated early yester
day morning by illuminating gas that
escaped from a partly open, burner in
his room at 887 Bush street. His sister,
Carrie Jacobs, went to the bathroom at
7:15 o'clock yesterday morning and
found the place full of the fumes of
gas. A light is kept burning very low
ln the bathroom all night. Miss Jacobs
found that the light had been extin
guished, either by a sudden current of
alf or by something In the pipes. As
she was passing her brother's room she
detected the odor of gas, and opening
the door found him lying dead in his
night shirt 'on top of the bed covers,
with a magazine by his side, which he
had been reading when he fell asleep.
Gas was issuing from a partly opened
burner ln the room. The indications are
that while he was asleep a sudden dimi
nution of pressure in the flow or a gust
of air extinguished the light.
Federlein was a native of Illinois,. 41
years old and unmarried. He was for
merly proprietor of the Dally Shipping
and Hotel* IJews. His nephew, Harry
Jacobs, ha<f1f narrow escape from death
In the same manner about eight months
ago.
Robbed in Ferry Building.
Henry Schwartz, 22 Franklin street,
Oakland, had that tired feeling early
yesterday morning, and, after takin off
his shoes, stretched himself out on a
bench ln the ferry building to have a
nap. When he awoke about 6 o'clock
he discovered that some one had stolen
his shoes and had also taken $3 out
of his pockets. He made a complaint
to the police.
Surveyor Spear Departs.
Surveyor of Customs Joseph S. Spear
and wife started eastward to-day for
a' trip to Europe. They will be gone
about four months and will make a
short stay at Carlsbad and other
health resorts. During Mr. Spear's
absence from the State Deputy Sur
veyor Chauncey M. St. John will per
form the duties of the office as Acting
Surveyor of the Port.
B. F. Stoll. dentist; Haight _ Masonic ave.«
As on the first day of the hearing of
these cases the produce conynission
men of the two rival camps were
strongly ip . evidence, notwithstanding
the- rush of the Saturday trade. Those
who are in the combine were less nu
merous in the Commissioners' com
fortable leather-backed cnairs than
were those merchants, to the number
of_ more .than a score of firms, who
withdrew from the Produce Dealers'
Protective Association. There was no
difference in the degree of interest on
either side. One part of the audience
was. pleased when Attorney Reinstein
said fiercely that there was nothing to
the cases brought by Lercari and
others. Then the other side smiled
when Attorney Otto Wise thumped thft
table In front of him with astonish
ing vigor, considering the warm
weather, and <".enounc?d Attorney Rein
stein in various phrases of attack.
Reinstein opened the argument. His
principal point was that there had been
no discrimination against the present
complainants, who had tried in vain
to buy certain limited quantities of po
tatoes and onions from the three de
fendant firms and had been refused the
RIVAL CAMrS. PRESENT.
The. Harbor Commissioners will de
cide next Tuesday arternc-on whether
they will take away from Wolf & Son,
L. Scatena & Co. and the. American
Produce Company the permits issued
under the Woodward law, by virtue of
which these firms are permitted to sell
perishable products on tne property of
the State in this city.
Several hours were consumed yes
terday in taking testimony relative to
alleged violations of the Woodward law
by the two firms last mentioned and in
listening to the arguments of counsel
on the charges against Wolf & Son.
Stipulations concerning what, should
be entered upc-n the record shortened
the testimony very materially and the
general understanding that arguments
would be brief tended to keep the at
torneys within a time limit. Still the
atmosphere was torrid in more ways
than one, and when noon arrived the
Commissioners and the perspiring at
torneys were entirely willing to take
time to cool^f and to think over the
matters at issue. .
Lights Goes Out While He
Slumbers and He Passes
Unconsciously to Death
Decision TOiether Three
Firms Shall Lose Permits
to Be Reached on Tuesday
RULINGS AEE RESERVED
CASE ONE/ OF ACCIDENT
Agent for Theatrical Adver
tising Falls Into a Last
Sleep, Beading Magazine
After the ceremony a reception took
place at the home of the bride, which
was attended only by the members of
the two families and a limited number
of intimate friends.
On the return of the newly married
couple from their honeymoon they will
take up their residence in the splendid
home just built by the groom on Jack
son street, between Lyon street and
Central avenue.
Just before the ceremony and while
the party stood at the altar Mrs. J\ B.
Argenti, the well-know'n soprano of San
Francisco, sang' a beautiful "Ave
Maria." and Miss Giorgiana Floyd gave
several selections on the organ.
Father Eagen performed the cere
mony in the presence of hosts of friends
of the bride and groom from San Fran
cisco, San Rafael and different parts
of the State.
The bride was gowned in an exquisite
white jaune crepe robe j trimmed with
Duchess lace. The bridesmaids wore
pink silk frocks and carried pink car
nations. ; ; > >
Miss Ersllia Sarterl, the charming
daughter of I. Sartorl of San Rafael,
was married to Alfred E. Sbarboro,
cashier of the Italian- American Bank
and son of Andrea Sbarboro, president
of the same institution, at the" St.
Raphael Church, San Rafael, yester
day evening at 8 o'clock.
Romolo A. Sbarboro served as best
man and Miss Katharine Sartorl as
maid of honor. The bridal procession
was led by the ushers, George 'j. Pana
rio, Guido Musto.P. Lafranchi and Dr.
A. H. Giannini, followed by the brides
maids, Misses Laura Sartori, Romilda
Sbarboro, May Sartori of Seattle, cous
in of the bride, and Stella Forner. Then
followed the maid of honor and the
bride on the arm of her father.
Attorneys in Argument Grow
Heated While Summariz
ing Evidence in Wolf Case
HARBOR BOARD
HEARS LAWYERS
JAY FEDERLEIN
IS SUFFOCATED
M1SS SARTORI
BECOMES BRIDE
OF A BANKER
THE SAN •;'; FRANCISCOj. CALt, ; SUNDAY; ¦ JUNE __ 12. 190*.
34
Fortnnes hare been made In
San Frandsco Real Estate-
Splendid chances yet remain.
See choice bargains adver-
tised in classified ads.
_~_»£HT OPTICIAN. '
FROM REV. FATHER J. M. C4SSIN, SL Rose's Church.
SAlffTA XLOSA, June 3. 1904.
Oecrre Majeric — Dear Six: I received t_e trlaises yerterday. I am . mnch
Tlcascd vrith them asfl __a_ yonr bill moderate. I inclose the amount, ana re-
jnair. ycnr« sincerely, J. M. C—SSHf.
ADDITIONAL HONORS
EMINENT CLERGYMEN
JUDGES. EDUCATORS and CITIZENS of San Francisco
Highly Recommend MR. GEORGE MAYERLE,
the GERMAN EXPERT OPTICAN.
' st - Lo u * 8 ' Cleveland. Ohio, and also the Fifth
f»N-^&fcr^S7 ¦.i.4C K * ' ¦¦*"' *"^^_v^ * -^ ' iJ^?5*w the bffst In their line in I*-*? co'Ji* rv • ¦
$Wmg£r "- ¦ ¦-¦v'^_Sw__*^ not heriute to «ay that 1 have :n-t with bjt-
$t2%!*?mF& •" ' ' - : '¦¦¦'S%s3ZSttj&§sm ter and more satisfactory results wltn Mr.
P^^^ • ? ':8K«S^3HiSSP "">"""* ''"Tch'^cheY P °re-enIlo R n b S ? Ve Re"ec?:
*%£ ' ' ( S%lill8ii From Rev. HEK-Y H. WYMAK. C. S. P.,
su Mary> " Churc " f C2 p CaUlornU
i^^^^,"'^^^^ : IBS Mr. G*or E e Mf^'-l^r^ir: «.«!««•
wKSiS? >% ?:<%& "¦ ¦'¦•¦ 4iK__ which you »ent me suit me exactly. The lone"
W%M i- £Sm 1 IW 'hem the better, I like them It aKot£
tS^f^* '''w '*??nSl^fv' : " ? '•'" mBSJI— II rne crfat pleasure to recommend y° u l0 tt" erB -
* * TEE PBESIDEHT
GEOEOE MAT____"S f eanta Clara Coflese fsay.^: _^ ;¦'
METHODS IN EVE TESTS. %^^^^^^^^
Tntctber the result of disease, inherited L-Sl I am more than ptoasei with them \our«
fierici*ncy. violation of natural laws, or old ~" tru \y KOBERT E. ICKNNA, S. J.
ft;p. impaired vision cannct be accurately esti- * ' _____ u. ral vT
:r,at«3 or corrected by use of teet Utters and BROTHER MICH.— *¦*•• "'
ia»<iF alor.e. OLD MISSION. SANTA BARBARA. W RITES.
One fti^.iUar with the construction and phys- Th e i a « MS you made for me are very restful
te!"«y of t!<? eye can but kr.ow thfl evil effecta d soothinir. It eeems I have new «yes since I
l(!!<»» '.n S such a S y 8 tem or pyc^work. - ™ T weiring^-our glasses. BRO. klCHAE-
In Mr. ilayerie'v txamliiatior.c h« resorts to " . ¦-__»_—«— — — Ttr-rv
t\,f t.everr.1 di.Torerjt tottttnAa that Unr experi- ADMI——,- DEWEX, .
er.ee l.ae tsrsht him brins best results. Who used Georre Mayerle s glasses at Manila
Ceorpe _arertc' a <;ia.«,sei= .-.re Far Superior to durinic the Spanlab-Am*rican war, aad « e-tiu
• K other? tor readlnjr. worklnc. or to see at a U f!n£ them with much sat.s.actlon. hlgni> rec-
<!i«r.nce. iraak tytn, poor .-!ght. lieadaches, dli- ommends Mr. Geor»e SlayerU, and sends tne
8iresj=. rlouAinrsf of vUUoo. floating spots, pain follcwinc testimonial:
atw-ut the e>f». behind ths h<-ad or temples. Mr George Mayerle — My Dear bir. i am
nc-rvou*i-.CFs. sore eye*. dl*charj:irnT eyes, feeling E{ ni uslne with much satisfaction tne b'"»«J
V.V.e «4tnd in th^ *y«^. crofs#>><*s. bumir.K. smart- >( , u sent me at Manila: also the new ones suit
inp. Itchir.e. scratchinc. twltrhir.*. Bluey eyes. — } eyes perfectly. * ou ™ Y, e ir 1 L?* rI V?£— .-—
heavy tyc'.W%, etc. Oeorp* Mayer'.e'e glasses GBOKub u£»v»_i.
r^t-t the eyes." Ftrenjthen the optic nerve and ivTFOnY'S KXSSZOJf,
ncMt~ IV sirht. and ere used by the highest ST. J?
fnlted Bt£tes Army. Navy and Government MtNIW ' .«, L •?„..
official*, and most eminent clergymen, Judjres BEV. T. S. BBBHH&a writes,
end educator*, men who eppreciate the sooth- „ Georffe Mayerle — Dear Sir: I received
inr and *tren^ther.ing- effect of these glasses. , h in«-t»eles to-day and am pleased to say
they are very good a"hd all that could be de-
G-B— K— _ V7I__1AM BOOTS fire^. Thank you' for the eye-glaas cleaner.
BoMCttr and conscientiously recommends y O urs elncerely. . '- . »• r» x» fan
O ?r?(i MayerTes Klasses which were made for F. S. BRE^^A^. O. M.. cap.
bin while in San Francisco. He highly ap- .__.-- o - CHXEP OP POLICE.
prtciste* the Foothtng and strenRthening effect OFS"ll*_ w *• , recommend to
they have or his eye,, anu write, the follow- It E lve. Mav'erle SF£u Fran-
tr Mr^rrM.y.rle-D.ar F .r: The glasses S^^^^V^S^^
you made for me are the best I ever remember si* years ? n /j d" 1^ J™ 1 tlm ,' j"^ consulted
u vo, s — WlAM BOOTIL «SS5^SSb-S»S
CO_. GEORGE PREHCH. J- H. ANDERSON,
Commander Pacific Ocart Provi_c*. re t pectiuay. Serjeant of Police,
S&lvatlca Aray Headquarters, Baa Praa- PROP. AH-ERSOH.
Cisco, writes: lt32 i_-i na B t.. San Francisco.
The glasses you made for me are excellent. n* O r«e Mayerle — Dear Sir: I am bo very
an<5 I fh&ll take great pleasure to recommend —nVh pleased with the glasses you made for
your services as a practical optician. -,. Vtiit I feel constrained to volunteer my
GEORGE FRENCH. ColoneL [?*«£ commendation of your work. I have
BETTER THAW ANTICIPATED. u£d gla»se» T for 'ortT-«l« j«rj. J^f,^"
Mr^. Oolosel French writes: this period I *££ n«er been^^^^ l ™**i
I received the clas B es you made for me and I now enjoy " mf f vn h n f " o Vtry truly
after using them for «ome time I find that they wish that 1 had met >ou >«(^ b ££-r!3>, y
Z2^tt.±tt8wS^?8EL£& E °x U -SuperlnteMent of Public " instruction for
tDictatfd by Mrs. Colonel French.) , California, . .
SISTER MART BAPTIST. RET. P. A. MORROW.
Fii-ter o: Mercy. Grass Valley, writes: California Conference Methodist Episcopal
I am very much delighted with the glasses Church, says:
you made for me. . .j^ not know what was the matter -with my
PROM REV. PATKER AUGUSTIHE « yeB until after I had you make my grla-es.
McC-ORT. Of San PraadSCO. I used to think the trouble waa^ «Uh my «e>
It civ^s me much pleasure to recoir.^end to but now I beUeve It was In Je^y JJiV o"
th*- public Mr. George Mayerle of 1071 Market were fitted *>«»«" »« , X mU Y^ntnlr
,irJt £an Francisco. stricUy as a skillful anl any kind from e>e strain. o ™^ ow
cxp-ri cpticlan. My eight began to fail in .1877. KEV - F - ~* MORROW ;
George Maycrlc
Germwa Expert Optician. 1&&* 2 DOOFS FrOITl 7th St.
I=.YES EXAMINED I~RE_S
""" OrteI or '^Smething new
„ o ___ ,,.ttiu rs a\TI«EPT1C ETEGLASS CLEANERS— Indispensable to eye-
« SSS*ii^ _^>vr-i«w! M »-
definitely. Price. 15c ; two for 25c.
Open evenings until ». Phone South 572.
__. _ ¦-_ w—v --— » v a r r« _~> "W~~* t Dont b« milled by th« ap-
f£fr^*£y =:m I— K \-+ \ A / /A rV r^^, I pearaace of any other wln-
tMP#lt? *— * *--^ «L/Vt V I—* • d 0W that 1« made to cloiely
PffljylilWC^* resemble mine.
Look for tbe Name, " George Mayerle" * ii^^|
_JDV-BTIS~MENTS. ___
We Will Have on Special Sale
....This Week....
The following lines of goods, whic_ will _e found tet-
ter values than annthlng we h_7e offered this season:
A cases Wash Oxford Suitings In White Grounds
with Dlus, pink anl grjen stripes, also navn, green
and linen color grounds with white stripes.
Price i_2#c card.
ronn erly Soli for 20c yaxd.
50 pieces Imported Dotted Swiss for Dresses.
These are white grounds with hlack dots and hlack
grounds With white dot5 and will he sold at 35c
and 4Oc per nard, which is about one-half reg-
ular value.
45Q0 yards Cambric and Nainsook Embroidered
Edgings, full 5 inches wide, ln 75 different patterns.
15c nard.
Good TaItm for 35o yard.
• 3000uards Cambric and Nainsook Embroidered
Edgings, full 7 Inches wide. 50 different patterns.
25c nard.
Oood Tain* for 40o yard.
150 black Silk Tarfeta Petticoats; extra heavu
nualltu and made with accordeon pleated flounce.
. $4.5O each.
X«r--r Vrle*. C6.50.
2 cases Colored Taffeta Silk Petticoats, both
•plain and changeable colorings. These are In a full
varletu of latest colorings and made with accordeon
pleated flounce and one row of ruchlng.
. . Price $6.oo each.
' Tomnrly Sold for 93.50.
25 dozen Ladles' Fine Muslin and Cambric
Gowns, trimmed with fine embrolderu and hem-
stitched. $1.00 each.
v** rf*$f: *«C1_ar Ttl6» 81.25.
NOTE— Our entire stock of Remnants and Short
Lengths of Colored and Black Dress Fabrics marked
at about one-half regular prices.
• . ...
...SEE WINDOW DISPLAY...
111, 113, 115, 117, 1 19, 121 POST STEEET.
ADVEBTI&BMEirra,
These are only samples of our large line in above goods.
All others are marked equally low. Call in and see our stock;
of Carpets in all the latest patterns; Rugs in Oriental and
Persian designs; handsome Bed Sets in oak,', maple and ma- :
f hogany ; Brass and Enamel Beds ; ; Beauti f til Parlor >. Suits ;
Dining-room, Kitchen Goods, etc. We will save you : fully
teo per cent on all purchases, as We have no rent to add to cost
of cur goods.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO,
1017(023 Mission St., Above Sixth.
• Unusnal Sale of
Black Dress Skirts
>'¦ For Mnnda v
Great values—opportunities that come very seldom
<St|j^ $12.50 Voile Skirts, $5.75
"V^Jj A Excellent ' quality, even weave voile, in
j^WS^\ blue, black, Oxford and brown, made up
F^ff^^C\<L ' n^° u " cut, fashionable and desirable
Mll'iVx^v^.' skirts. There are various styles of trim-
Stsj^ll IkStSIvK "ming, calling for bands of taffeta and fag-
1 goting- They are our regular $10 and
M^lwntS^J/ $12.50 value- and $575 is a price that
\l BWr ought to attract.
J| W $20.00 VoUe Skirts, $10.75
fill hIX\ The material is real imported voile, and
/_¦ ///ill • ' l shows its value. There is only one
' flfjfl I JnL color, black. The skirts are beautifully
Jl lliv I IHV designed and trimmed, a combination of
y^i/ll/ // vim. taffeta bands and braid strapping being
/^/llllLJI \W\^ used with splendid effect. There is a
7 /MfrvL m T^S heavy taffeta drop skirt. You'll realize
II KfrewE quickly that it is a good place to put
Great Sale of Lawn Waists
For Monday.
summer season in the (jtaMWaSy
$2.oo Waists for.. ..$1.2J> • '
$3.50 Waists for. . . .$1.05 -. -
$5.00 Waists for.... 92.5O • . of
Full announcement in both l^rtCTI^»Q X/AQTC
Chronicle and Examiner. . **UA11C5 V CMS
- . ' - 49c
. Sale oi Washable Worth $IOO and $I25 They
Wnfct are SWISS / RIBBED VEQA
Onirl W alSl _*WI15, SILK VESTS, with low neck.
Q ~5 no sleeves and hand crocheted
SeUing -iS_ Mcniay morning
when we place on sale several H * c * -nr-^n, c,,V,r.i v
hundred wash shirt waist f its-a aT"''
rare collection. % The styles arc all
new'.. and practical — the suits most AC%**
desirable for ~ o*uting . trips. The *fp
•materials are cotton cheviots and ________
madras cloth.': The ; trimmings A«#»*f»a- r» n «* \f-1.,«
harmonize beautifully-each colSr Another Great Value
scheme being,^worked out with\ LADIES' PERFECT FITTING
splendid effect/ These most at-. LISLE THREAD TIGHTS—
tractive and useful shirt waist suits open or closed— knee or ankle
are priced regularly raf $5 and length^— white or black. Always
$7.50. ' On sale Monday— special at sold at $1.00. Special Monday at
$3.95 75c
M- 3>- 2>avi& & Co.
Scary cJV. ana* Srant Jive, -
PATENT
TAILORSKIRTS
NO OPENING
&Ssf>£>} Pateated liar S,
1&A. and la so eoa-
tVF «trnet8d that there
\fS , la NO OPENDSO to
annoy or embarrass
q m J\ ladles. To Introduce '
¦ - ¦ j I I \ patent — » wiil make ,
II A \ Ladies* I
Tailor Skirts:
' lit ll\\ Tttaa Jim* 13 to i :
! IH \vA 3xm * ao « *»olu- :
• III 1\A* sl-«. If goods ar«
' I if \X\\ purchased from tsa. '
' III \\\\ Latest Imported
! /*!' \*\\ K0Oia fron> JLS0 *
1 / // \A\\ y*" 1 U P- Ofcnwmta \
1 III \\\ \ turned oat la tha '
' **»**&_ , ' v-w7 teat atyl« e£ tl» !
I 1 1 lli I I'Ulsv** 1 * tailor's art. 1
I Ladles* Tailor Parlors :
: 1209 McAllister St. csr. FQ_o !
Moat people fcavs a horror «f •> den-
tist's chair — and not without uum.
So-cailed painless dentistry Is rarsty
tbe trenulne article. We flatTn, with-
out (car of contradiction, tiat cur
methods ar» strictly and absolutely
painless In all caaea. There are reasons
for this. Not only ax* our methods th*
most modern known to science, bat oar
operators are all post-BTadoat* den-
tists. ~*e select only the rery best
men. each beins a specialist la his
particular line. We chars'* for:
Painless Silver FHUnga....f 23 up
Painless Cement Ft nines.. 23 up
Painless Gold Fillings 75 us*
Pain It is Gold Crown. 23k.. 3.50 up
Painless Porcelain Crowns. 3.50 up
Painless Bridge Work..... 3.50 as
Full Set of Teeth 2.0Oup
Samplea of the aplendtd work w* do
are to be seen at the entrance.
HALE DENTAL CO.
702 Market St, Cor. Kearny
Hours, 0 to 9: Sundays. 10 to 2.
> ¦ ¦
I «— ~— «————— ——_-—_-_— _«_-_«»«^_ M— I mm
A ' ENGINE CO.
—arl^JH! 1 Th* latest p«rfsct
«.«-?*\llsI vuaranteed ecztne en
Lj|illirf3 r • the market.
tk '(J"J ' Engines kept In
n II _ ¦ * m « repair for one year at
19 B ¦**$¦ » - no cost to parcnaMT
m* fl v-iA i*ii_ «nd money refuniifi
Ml, ll^^l Vl^^l ln f" 11 — »* engine
m% al/Hi ra '< -3 tlken back lf not
K4M_F —^"'"^ ,1 Ss^i satisfactory.
|j|\ * \* IP" SoId 0° Install-
H v ' W ments.
ff^ M ¦ ."''<"¦< jf Correspondence la-
. AV 319-231 Mala St.
sc - fc Ban rraaclsco. CaU
¥ MERCHANT TAILORS. j|
!jl! 622 Market Street. :|'
« Up Stairs. Opp. Palace HoteL '&
jl; SAN FRANCISCO. <|
; ;! Novelties _. .in j°3^rt*j. . ffij*?_Jl>The Santa" Fe has begun the sale" of
Yosemite tickets for the Sierra Club out
ing, to leave June 18, 25 and"Julyl.'ABlt
mt fill Market street. ' •, /" • •
Sierra Club Tickets on Sale.
Fancy vests at cost- See window. Tom
Dillon, hatter, opposite Palace. • '¦
. John.Morew. wanted for a number
of the recent burglaries committed In
the' city, was ' arrested' by Policeman
Jackson' yesterday. - The •. detectives
say, they will be able to fasten a num
ber of bold thefts on the prisoner.
Alleged Burglar Arrested.
dered, and was still rubbing the sleep
out of his eyes and wondering- at all
the excitement when Engelke resumed
his place with Company 28 as if noth
ing unusual had happened.
Engelke's act of heroism- was the sub
ject 'of an official, report to Acting
Chief, John Dougherty and will gain
for the plucky hoseman' the; coveted
Scannell medal.
The building at 29 Vandewater street
was a total loss.' Among. the occupants
were many (fishermen,, whose household
eooda- all went up In. smoke.: . , l
The clerical force In the office of the
Board of Education, under the super
vision of Secretary Emmet Barrett, is
harv* at work preparing the salary de
mands of the teachers and other em
ployes of the School Department
They will be sent to Auditor Baehr to
morrow for his. signature and will be
ready for distribution 'not later than
Thursday next. . The - business ¦ of j the
office has greatly Increased, but is be
ing handled expedltiously.
Teachers Get Salaries Thursday.
¦ This la salmon fishing time In Monterey Bay
find many (Ishennen who enjoy this exciting
¦port. are at Hotel del Monte. Here la a novel
vacation, offering a peculiar combination of at.
tractions.' The salmon fisherman may leavv
his wife- and family at the hotel in the enjoy
ment of every. comfort while he abends hi* days
In" angling luxury on the bay. Already many
have taken advantage of this chance for an
outing and\ others are planning the trip, Dei
Monte Is more popular than ever this season
with frolf. bowlinp. tennis, automobiling rid
ing, ri'lvins and fishing, as the chief allure,
mentis. ,*-,-> . •
Salmon Fishing at Monterey.
Strong evid nee was furnished yes
terday to support the suspicion that
McAdie keeps his therrnometer in an
Ice chest and sprays It with liquid air.
The distinguished meteorologist an
nounced that the temperature was
only 86 degrees above zero. While
sweltering humanity fanned itself in
the shady places Old Sol worked over
time.
• At noon it was as hot as the west
bank of the Yalu on April 30. At 1
o'clock all but one person in town
suffered intensely. McAdie was the
single exception and he kept close to
his thermometer. He really couldn't
understand why the people should feel
unusually warm. There was no sci
entific ' explanation for it. It must
have bep- imagination, according ta
the weather clerk.
The forecast for to-day Is for aim*
ilar conditions in San Francisco.
Mercury i Government Instrument
Loses Energy During Spells of
Unusually Hot Weather.
McADlETS THERMOMETER
IS IN NEED OF, REPAIRS
Mrs. Mills of Mills College gave a
unique picnic yesterday." Oriental It
was, for the guests were the Chinese
schoolboys of San Francisco. They
numbered 250 and. represented all the
schools, public and private, in the city..
As they marched round in front of the
main building upon arrival at the col
lege^ the crowd halted and heartily
saluted the Chinese yellow dragon flag
which waved" in their honor from a
tall flagstaff.
' The chimes were rung for the boys
and a -bountiful lunch was served in
the gymnasium building. An , Im
promptu programme of speeches and
songs in English, Chinese and Slnga
lese was rendered; in Llsser Hall.
Chinese Bo:s nt Mills College.
Aoyagi expects to remain here for a
couple of weeks. He will then proceed
eastward, hoping before his mission is
ended to have crossed the Atlantic to
England. In referring to the war and
the advance on Port Arthur, j Aoyagi
said It was expected when he left
Yokohama that Port Arthur would be
in the hands of the Japanese within
a period of eight weeks. These have
nearly elapsed.
L Aoyagi of the Japanese Depart
ment of Agriculture, who has been
commissioned by his Government to in
vestigate all matters In this country
and British Columbia relating to the
migration of Japanese to this coast,
arrived here yesterday from the Orient
by way of Victoria and is registered at
the Occidental. His coming to the
United States was brought about by
the recent antagonistic comments here
and in the British province on the sub
ject of Japanese competition in the la
bor markets. He will begin his in;
quiries immediately.
During a conversation yesterday
Aoyagi said his Government was in no
way encouraging its_.subjects to force
themselves on any other people. A3 a
matter of fact, he said Japan is re
stricting the emigration of skilled and
unskilled laborers and is only Issuing
passports to merchants, students and
those of the other higher classes.
"If it is a fact, as claimed," said he,
"that laborers are still coming into
your country, there perhaps is some
evasion of our laws, which it will be
my duty to discover during my investi
gation. I will make a close study of the
legislative questions bearing directly on
Japanese immigration. If I find condi
tions t that suggest wherein our laws
should b"e made more strict in order to
keep our people at home it Is very
likely that my report to that effect will
be carefully weighed by the legislative
bodies of Japan and the law remod
eled."
XVheelan spoke of the good result ob
tained even from the temporary cru
sade against Impure milk that was
started by . Inspector Dockery several
years ago. saying that Dockery's work
had noticeably reduced the infant mor
tality rate all over the city. From this
he argued that systematic work, by the
Health Board in enforcing sanitary
conditions at dairies and distributing
centers would save a great number of
infant lives now sacrificed because of
the -filthy surroundings from which the
ttilk is carried to city homes. - '
On motion of Fairfax H. Wheelan,
one cf the directors, a resolution was
adopted indorsing the work of the
Board of Health and of Health Officer
Ragan In their crusade for pure milk,
and Secretary White was Instructed
to communicate this action to the offi
cials of the municipal health depart-*
ment-
The monthly report of Secretary M.
J. V.'hlte tras listened to with Interest.
It shows that the work or the society
has practically doubled within the last
tv/oyears, without any Increase of Sec
re ta'ry Y.'hite's staff.
On May 29 a dozen small children
were playing in an Oakland street
they saw a heavily loaded mar
ket wagon bearily rapidly down on
them. All of the youngsters escaped
to the sidewalk in sarety except the
little Brunje girl, who was seated In
a toy wagon ani could not get away.
The oncoming team was within a few
yards of th» child when Janvrin, who
*vas working near by, saw her danger.
At the risk cf :»is own life he dashed
in font of the horses and lifting her
from the little vehicle bore her safely
aside. The child's wagon was instantly
smashed by the feet of the horses.
In recommending the award of the
medal to Janvrin. President Newhall
voiced the tentiinent of all the direc
tors present when he declared that the
society took especial pleasure In ac
knowledging this act of heroism on
the part of a laborer, untrained in
rescue work, whose presence of mind
and quickness of movement had saved
the life of the child, ev<n at the risk
of death to himself.
of the bronze medal of the California
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children. At the monthly meeting
of the society yesterday It was voted,
on motion of President E. W. New
hall, to bestow the medal as the so
ciety's acknowledgment or Janvrin's
brave act.
The heroic work of George Janvrin,
£ a Oakland street sweeper, in saving
the life of four- year-old Ramona
Brunje, will be recognized by the gift
Society for Prevention of
Cruelty to Children Be
wards a Street -Sweeper
Japan Sends Commissioner
to Coast to Look Into
Immigration Complaints
A peculiar business transaction. In
which Celina B. Pechin. a public school
t«acher of this city, was a principal
was the subject of an opinion ren
dered by the Supreme Court yester
day. The decision incidentally bene
fits her to the -extent of $5000. The
contest was instituted by the execu
trix of the estate of Horace Gasquet.
The parents of Mrs. Pechin and the
Gasquet family were for many years
neighbors and friends in Crescent
City. Del Norte County. Gasquet had
frequently promised the young school
teacher that he would provide' for her
some day and after she had taken up
her residence in San Francisco he vis
ited her with the expressed intention
of making her a substantial gift.
He drew up an order on the French
Bank and told her to make it read for
whatever amount she chose. After
some deliberation she decided that
$4500 was sufficient and transferred
that amount to her own account. In
spite of Gasquet's strenuous objections
she made out a note for the sum men
tioned and deposited It to his credit
In another bank. Subsequently she
borrowed $500 more from him and
gave him 'another note. \
, After Gasquet's death his widow at
tempted to collect the amount of the
two notes, but Mrs. Pechin had had a.
change of heart and asserted that the
money was a gift. In this she was
corroborated by a Mr. Carrou. The
lower court decided that. Gasquet' had
given the money to the teacher a.nd
the Supreme Court sustains that Judg
ment.
Supreme Court Says Celina > Pechln
Need Not Pay $5000 Demanded
by Gasqnet Executrix.
TEACHER lli THE PUBLIC
SCHOOLS WINS LAWSCTT
HUMBLE HERO
WINS MEDAL
INVESTIGATING
LABOR PROBLEM
DAP.ING HOSEMAN OF FIRE ENGINE COMPANY 28. WHO RISKED HIS LIFE
YESTERDAY TO SAVE A 3- YEAR- OLD CHILD FROM THE THIRD FLOOR
OF A BLAZING TENEMENT
The fcity commanderies — California
No. 1 and Golden Gate No. 15— will do
much to lend attractiveness to the af
fair that is engrossing the attention of
every Knight Templar in^the United
States.
. Sacramento Commandery, which will
come to this city 200 strong,- has se
cured,. Pioneer Assembly Hall, where
it will keep open house and have an
exhibit of the products of the Sacra
mento Valley. Los Angeles Com
mandery expects to muster 400 uni
formed Knights, and will have its
headquarters in the Maple room of the
Palace Hotel. Pacific Commandery,
one of the oldest in the State, will come
from Sonora and make itself agreeable
to visitors in the dining hall of the
Lick TIous^ E. T. Gopld, the eminent
commander, has made arrangements
to have the .members of the organiza
tion, who are no longer residents of
Tuolumne County -join their old-time
associates at the Lick. San Jose Com
mandery will have its . headquarters in
a section of the Mechanics' Pavilion.
Red Bluff Commandery expects to have
150 members at its headquarters, while
Visalia Commandery will make a like
numerical showing. Naval v Com
mandery of -Vallejp will have a unique
exhibit In Lyric Hall. The Knights of
Humboldt County will also give the vis
itors a chance to see what their part of
the State can present" for popular at
tention. '••¦ - '
The Knights Templar executive com
mittee proposes not only to entertain
the many visitors who are coming to
San Francisco during the conclave
week next September, but they pro
pose to establish large stands In differ
ent parts of the city, where they will
exhibit many of the products of Cali
fornia, so that the strangers may have
an opportunity to see something of the
possibilities of the Golden State. A
part of the Mechanics' Pavilion ] has
been secured, and*1h addition Native
Sons'. Hall, Lyric Hall" and other halls
have been engaged in which to make
displays of fruits, flowers, minerals
and ¦ other products.
The commanderies in all parts of the
State are enthusiastic In this matter
and .will contribute to the exhibits.
Not only willthey do that, but they
will come to the city in large num
bers'in order to extend the hand of
fraternity to the visitors. The Indica
tions are that the welcome that is to
be extended to the visitors will sur
pass .that given to the Knights when
the triennial conclave was held here
twenty years ago. . v -
"It was an accident," said the wound
ed jnan, who was begging, for relief
from his pain. VI was cleaning my
gun and It went off accidentally. I did
not shoot myself."
At the Receiving Hospital it was
found that the bullet had entered Just
above the heart and passed through the
body,, penetrating the .left lung and
lodging near the spinal column. The
bullet was extracted, but the condition
of • the injured ' man is critical. His
friends desired .that he be removed, but
this was "deemed inadvisable.
WAS DESPONDENT.
The only reason that could' possibly
be assigned for an attempt at suicide
Is despondency due to 111 health. Wolf
ram" has long been suffering from ma
laria, and It was .his custom to • spend
a portion of' -each- year in >this city for
the relief gained by change of climate.
He came here a few.: days, ago and was
the guest of his uncle and J partner, J."
Goldman. He' started out Friday morn
ing, ostensibly to • make • a trip to the
Cliff House, # but did not return.
In the 'room- at-the-Vendome besides
his clothing ,were:found bottles of med
icine for malarial. trouble. The injured
map's watch. Jewelry, . money, and,
checks were Intact. It* was for a time
thought that Wolf ram was ja victim of
foul play," as when asked how he came
by the Injury to his- head he replied:
"Some one hit me." But. thejjottom of
the bureau' near the door.r.where he
fell, is marred and on It can,be found
clotted blood: and a bunch .of. hair.
These would account for. the Injury to
the head; 1 ¦ ¦ : . -. '
Wolfram is about 40 years of age and
unmarried. - ¦ " ' •, ::' '¦'.:¦"¦ -<¦'•=*' t ¦_ ¦
Tulare, was found yesterday morning
In a room :in the. Vendome Hotel, 1104-
Market street, suffering from a bullet
wound In N the i left breast];- Although the
man claims the injury; was. accidental,
circumstances point strongly to an .at
tempt at suicide, despondency*. due, to
ill health being aslgned.aa the motive.
Wolfram ; visited the Vendome ; at
about 9 o'clock Friday^night and asked
for a room.* The clerk in, charge; re
quested him to register, but this he de
clined to do, saying it made no matter
what his name was. ; He .was then as
signed to ¦ room 20, which . has double
doore' of ground glass.
At about 8 o'clock yesterday morning
Clarence MclnVyre, proprietor of the
house, heard a commotion in the room,
and on investigation saw reflected
against the ground glass of the door the
shadow of, a man inside evidently try
ing to open the Moor. Mclntyre opened
the door with a pass key and on ente'r
lng found Wolfram lying .on the floor.
There was a gash in the back of his
head and his . left breast was powder,
burned and blood-soaked. Mclntyre at
once called Dr. A. K. Happersberger,
who has an office in the same building.
When Mclntyre and the physician re
turned'to the Foom Wolfram was again
In bed. Blood was . oozing from the
wound-above the heart and also from
the scalp wound. After a hasty exam
ination Dr. - Happersberger- called : for
the ambulance from the Emergency
Hospital, as he did not deem it advis
able to probe for the bullet in the room.
While awaiting the arrival of the am
bulance he asked Wolfram how he had
met his injuries.
CLAIMS ACCIDENT. . '
Knights Templar Are to
\ Make a Great Display of
California's Possibilities
•Suddenly the brave hoseman's head
appeared at a window adjoining the
room in which little Laurie was Impris
oned. It was the work of a moment
for the athletic fireman to swing him
self to the window of the locked room,
and in another moment a hoarse cry
from the crowd greeted him as he re
appeared with a squirming burden
wrapped securely, in his oilskin coat.
"A ladder,, quick,'.' yelled Battalion
Chief Maxwell, and quickly as men
that know how could dp it the slanting
bridge was raised until It rested on the
window slllr Streams of water kept the
flames clear of the ladder as Engelke
climbed • down with, his burden. . When
he reached the ground he shook Laurie
out of his oilskin wraD and carried, him
to the woman who had screamed. The
little fellow , was - unharmed - but - bewil-
Taking a glance to "locate the room,
Engelke burst In the hall door and
dashed up the blazing stairway. Into
the hall, < where the heat was terrific
and the danger of death imminent, fol
lowed Company 28 with a streaming
hose. Here these brave men took their
stand and held In check the flames
that reached for Engelke. They held
their ground in the awful heat amid
flying firebrands until two streams were
brought into play from the rear.
'Meanwhile Engelke mounted to the
third story. He found the room, but
flames already were licking at the
locked door, and he feared to break it
down lest the draught should draw
Into the room those blazing tongues
and render vain his errand.
To those on the street Engelke had
gone to his death. Flames were In pos
session of the trail over which he had
passed, and all around the little room
the furnace was roaring with gaining
ferocity.
CHEERS FOR FIREMAN. '
She pointed out the window of the
room. Flames were leaping above, be
low and all around'
"There's a child in there," somebody
told a fireman.
"There's a child in that room," roared
Maxwell, the battalion chief.
Engine Company 28 heard and start
ed for the room. There is probably not
a man in that company who would
have hesitated to do what .Engelke
did, but Engelke gave none of them a
chance.
CHILD LOCKED IN ROOM.
Suddenly the air was rent by the
screams of a woman. She was a resi
dent of the tenement and had remem
bered that Mrs. Massa, another lodger,
was in the habit of leaving her three
year-old boy, Laurie, locked up in her
room on the third floor. Mrs. Massa's
poverty compels her to work and pre
vents her hiring some one to care for
her offspring. Laurie was locked in the
room yesterday when the flames start
ed to swallow the tenement, and it was
the thought of the helpless baby's
plight that caused the woman to
scream.
Hoseman August Engelke of Fire En
gine Company 28 played the star role
yesterday in the thrilling rescue of a
three-year-old child locked in 4 a third
story room of a blazing tenement.
Brave as was the plucky hoseman's
deed, it was successful only because of
the splendid discipline and fearlessness
of his fellow firemen, who followed En
gelke into the furnace and standing in
the blazing heat played streams of
water on the intrepid rescuer, t,
The fire occurred shortly after 9
o'clock a. m. in a four-story frame
lodging-house at '9 Vandewater street.
It was evident from the start that the
property was doomed. The occupants
had been warned In time and all were
supposed to have left the building. The
firemen were devoting their efforts to
keeping the blaze within the narrowest
possible limits.
STATE'S WEALTH
WILL BE SHOWN
Rescues Baby Lock*
ed in Blazing
Tenement.
JACOB WOLFRAM. WHO WAS ACCIDENT
ALLY SHOT. IN HIS ROOM AT THE VEN
DOME HOTEL.
Hoseman August
Engelke Proves
His Bravery.
Whiie she was in the kitchen of her
home with her two children and a
woman friend on Friday night William
C. Duncan called. He went to the rear
door, which was locked; and demanded
entrance, which was refused. He broke
the glass In the door and obtained an
entrance. It is alleged that he attacked
his sister-in-law, threw her down and
dragged her outside. Then he ordered
the children and Mrs. Duncan's friend
out of the house. AVhen the woman re
monstrated with him he said he had in
structions from his brother, to eject his
sister-in-law. Mrs. Duncan and her two
childre'h went to the home of her friend.
Yesterday afternoon Attorney Short
rldge called with Mrs. Duncan upon
Police Judge Fritz and swore to a war
rant for the arrest of her brother-in
law on a charge of battery. Duncan
was arrested by Detectives Silvey^and
Bailey. He was released on $300 cash
bail. The husband was connected with
duffs grocery, on Eighth street.
On Friday Judge Seawell issued an
order at the request of Attorney Short
ridge restraining Duncan from drawing
moneys which were on deposit with the
San Francisco Savings Union in the
names of himself and wife. -Duncan
paid no attention to the restraining or
der, and on Friday afternoon drew the
money, amounting to over $3400. and
disappeared, leaving his wife and two
young children penniless.
Attorney Shortrldge was notified of
the withdrawal of the money late Fri
day- afternoon and made every effort
to locate Duncan, but. failed. He sub
sequently discovered that Duncan had
left the city on the evening train. He
advised Mrs. Duncan to go to her home
at 1701 Page street and patiently await
results.
Following the application for a di
vorce by Mrs. Benjamin B. Duncan
from her husband made before Judge
Seawell last Thursday, Attorney Sam
uel M. Shortrldge, who represents Mrs.
Duncan, will take steps to have the
husband punished for contempt of
court, and his brother, William C. Dun
can, punished for battery upon Mr*.
Duncan.
Brother Is Arrested for
Battery for Ejecting His
Sister-in-Law From Home
DEAWS IT OUT OF BANK
The fact Is recalled that McCabe and
Caminetti had to borrow money to buy
postage stamps, and are therefore not
responsible for the deficit.
Surely a big fight is impending. The
chieftains have on their war bonnets
and both factions are determined to
fight to the .finish. Active work In the
direction of securing proxies Is In prog,
ress. Each faction Is confident of suc
cess, but neutral observers of the pres
ent mix-up and of past controversies in
the Democratic party cannot see how
McNab can lose.
When the fight was on in Santa Cruz
The Call directed attention to the fact
that . Gavin McNab in his support of
Gould for chairman was battling for
the control of the State organization.
The. question of Instruction or no'in
struction was not paramount. It Is clear
now that the success of Jeter would
have dethroned McNab. It is further
obvious that Gould has made good by
appointing the men whose names were
written on Gavin McNab's slate.
The question is now asked: "Will
Herrin and McCaffrey get Into the fight
to down McNab?"
In the Hearst camp* no sympathy is
expressed for the defeated Democratic
nominee for Governor. It Is asserted
that Lane conducted a "hogging" cam
paign, and that money collected for
the State committee never reached the
organization, but was expended purely
in the interest of the head of the ticket.
COMPELLED TO BORROW.
The followers of Hearst express sur
prise that \3ould did not appoint either
William T. Jeter or Barney Murphy a
member at large. . In fact, astonishment
Is expressed over the appointment of so
many of the conspicuous opponents of
Hearst in the Santa Cruz convention.
It ; is t quite ; well umjerstqfodi^hat; the
McNab forces nextTSatur day\ will line
up in support of ; - William J. McGee of
San Francisco for chairman of. the
State committee. The Hearst forces,
under the leadership of _ M. F. Tarpey,
will rally to the support of M. F. Coch
rane of San Rafael. Opposition to Al
McCabe for secretary of the committee
has developed. It Is reported that Mc-
Cabe and A. Caminetti neglected the
fight of Franklin K. Lane in the last
gubernatorial campaign, and at the
same time- allowed the debt of the com
mittee to grow until it reached the fig
ure of $7000. The McNab foras insist
that a new secretary shall be J
The Hearst men have decided to fight
Gavin McNab for the mastery of the
Democratic Slate organization. The
first battle of the new campaign will
take'piace at the California Hotel next
Saturday afternoon. It Is the Judgment
of politicians generally that McNab,
who is in possession of the works, is so
strongly intrenched that he cannot be
dislodged. Moreover he received yes
terday material reinforcements from
Frank H." Gould, chairman of the late
Democratic convention at Santa Cruz.
Events forced Gould* to name twenty
five members at large of the Democrat
ic State Committee sooner than he ex
pected. Of the number appointed twen
ty-three are out-and-out supporters of
McNab. Following is a list of the men
appointed by Gould:
Robert M. Fitzgerald, . Alameda;
Thomas J.' Geary, Sonoma: James F.
Coonari, Humboldt; I. B. . Dockweiler,
Los Angeles; Frank Finlayson, Los An
geles; T. M. Spellacy, Kern: W. J. Mc-
Gee, San Francisco; John C. Ruddock,
Mendocino; John Raker, Modoc; .De
Wit Clary, San Joaquin; Robert Howe,
Sonoma; G. W. Mordecal, Madera;
Frank Freeman, Glenn; H. W. Conk
ling, Los Angeles; G. Bachrach, Ala
meda; Thomas J. Thompson, Alameda;
Hamilton Plant, Sa^n Francisco; Thom
as E. Curran, Sari Francisco; J. W.
Barneberg, San Luis Obispo; Louis
Samuels, San Francisco; George E.
Faw, Alameda; E. L. Sturgeon, Mer
ced; E. W. Hale, Sacramento; E. C.
Farnsworth, Tulare, and W. A. Shep
ard. Placer.
HEARST MEN SURPRISED.
Jacob Wolfram, who Is a partner In
the local firm of.J. Goldman & Co.,
wool merchants, and represents It at
Bnsiness Man, '•"Whose Wife
Is Suing Him for a'Di
vorce, Leaves With Coin
Indications Point to
an Attempt at
Suicide.
DUNCAN FLOUTS
A COURT ORDER
Conspicuous Antig Tarpey
Men Are Named for the
State Central Committee
GOULI) ? 5^ArPOL\T3IKNTS
McXab, and Hearst Forces
Heap to Fight for Mastery
of Party Organization
Injured Man Talks
of Accident and
Foul Play.
WAR IN CAMP
OF DEMOCRATS
JACOB WOLFRAM IS FOUND WITH
BULLET WOUND IN HIS BREAST
RISKS HIS LIFE TO SAVE CHILD
FROM DEATH IN THE FLAMES
P^^ps H5 to AR
Pages 35 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, \ SUNDAY, JUNE 12/ 1904.WASHINGTON. June 11. — As a re
sult of the controversy over the style
of rifles used by the American team In
match for the Palma trophy last July,
the handicap committee of the Na
tional Rifle Association by unanimous
vote this afternoon decided to return
the trophy at once. . Instructions will
be telegraphed for its Immediate ship
ment-
Palma Trophy Will Be Returned.
Vanderbilt's Marigold a Winner.
PARIS, June 111— W. K. Vander
bilt's Marigold won the summer han
dicap at Longchamp races to-day, v
tTwo out when winning run scored.
HUNSJIND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Ansejes. '. ... 0 0 0 0 0 ': 3 ' 0 0 2— ? 5
Base hlu 1 O 00 1 2 00 1 5
Portland 3 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 4
Dase hits...... 2 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0—4
SUMMARY. . '*¦ ,
Stolen bases — Toman. Bernard Spies, > Na
deau. Krrors— Chase, Beck. Francis, Steelman.
Shea. Two-base hit— Beck. First base on er
rors — Los Angeles 3. Left on baseWLos An
geles 7, Portland 2. Bases on balls — Off Hall.
2; off Thlelman. 6; struck owl — By Thlelman
6: by Hall. 6. Double play— Cravath to Spies!
Balk— Thlelman. Hit by pitcher— Nadeau 2.
Time of game — Two hours. Umpire McDon
ald. :-"¦• . .
With Two Out In Last Inning They
Score Winning Runs. e
LOS ANGELES, June 11. — In the
last half of the ninth inning, with two
men on .bases, two out and the score
4 Xo 3 in favor of Portland, Flood, for
Los Angeles, hit a grounder to Fran
cis, who fumbled it, allowed Spies to
reach home and tie the score. Thlel
man then balked, forcing in another
run and winning the game for Los An
geles. Both pitchers were reasonably
effective, but Thlelman gave five bases
on balls, which with four errors be
hind him lo'st the game for Portland.
Scor*:
Los Aareles — I Portland—
AB.R.H. P.A.! AB.R. H. P.A.
Toman, eS 1 1 2 1 Nadeau.lf 2' 2 0 2 0
Flood. 2b 4 0 0 0 3 M'Crdl, rf 4 112 0
Emllh. 3b 4 0 1 0 3 Drnan, cf 3' 1 1 10
Brnrd..cf4 10 1 0 Beck. 2b. 4 0 12 3
Crvth. rf 3 1 0 3 1 Frnca, Sb 3 0 0 1 6
Chaae. lb 4 1 0 12 0 Bchmer. • 4 0 0 1 3
Roes. If. 3 0 12 0 BUmn, lb 3 O. 0 8 1
Spies., c. 4 1 2 7 l'Ehtt, c. 3 0 0 S 0
Hall, p.. 2 0 0 0 3,Thlran, p3 0 1 11
•Wheeler 1000 o! • _-_
Totals. 29 4 4f26 13
Totals.34 6 0 27 12 -
i •Wbeeler batted for Hall la ninth innlnf .' i
AXGEXS MAKE A FAST FINISH.
After one of the closest practice
matches seen on the California Club
<?burts in many months, Frank S.
Mitchell and Joseph S. Tobln yester
day defeated Dr. Hill and Dr. Hardy.
The contest was a remarkable one, for
at no time was either team more than
two games ahead and at all stages
each team had an equal chance of
winning.
It is a rare occasion on the tennis
courts when two sets will require
forty-eight games to settle the ques
tion of supremacy. Ordinarily this
number, of games would constitute at
least four sets. The first set started
with each team winning its service
until finally Tobin and Mitchell man
aged to land an odd game, winning by
an 8-6 score. The second set was much
closer than the first. On several oc
casions each -side required but one
point to win. Mitchell and Tobln
finally won out by a score of 16-14.
William Collier made his reappear
ance on the courts after an absence of
many months. His long rest seems to
have done him good, for he easily dis
posed of Herbert Long.
The day's scores follow: William B.
Collier beat Herbert Long, 6-3, 6-4;
O'Hara beat G. Llsser, 6-2. 6-4; F.
Mitchell and Herbert Long beat* Jo
seph S. Tobin and Dr. HIU, 6-4; J. S.
Tobin and F. Mitchell beat Dr. HIU
and Dr. Sumner Hardy, 8-6, 16-14;
Harold Gabriel beat .Melville Long.
9-7; Carl Gardner beat C. G. Kuehn,
6-0. 6-2. 6-4;-H, E, Punnett beat Rob
bing, 6-2; 'O'Hara beat Blumenthal,
6-2, 4-6, 6-3; O'Hara and Blumenthal
beat LJsser and Robins, 6-4. .-;
Dr. Hardy and Dr. Hill Go Down
to Defeat After a Sensational
Struggle.
Two MLsplays in Ninth Inning Give
Seattle the Game.
SEATTLE, June 11. — Seattle won
the game in the ninth through errors
by Sheehan and Lynch, followed by
Frisk's long drive. Thomas outpltched
Hughes and got half of Tacoma'a hits.
AB.R. H. P.A* ! AB.R. H. P.A.
VnHn,cf 4 0 12 1 'Doyle, rf 4 o 1 0 0
Mhler.2b 4 12 3 3 Shehn,3b 3 0 0 2 4
J>lnty.3b 4 10 1 2 Nrdke.lb 2 0 0 12 0
Frisk, If 4 0 1 1 OjEagan.ss 4 10 15
Smith, rf 3 0 0 2 0: Lynch. cf 2 0 O 0 0
Blksp.lb 3 0 0 13 OC-as.py.-h 3 0 0 3 2
Hall. ss. 3 0 0 4 8 McLln.lf 4 O .0 1 O
Wllson.c 3 0 0 1 lHogan, c 4 0 111
Hughes.p 3 0 0 0 0 Thmas.p 4 0 2 0 3
Totals. 31 2 4 27 *15 Totals. Z% 1 4*28 K
¦Winning run made with two out.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 2
Base hits 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 2 — i
Tacoma 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 1
Base hits 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 1*1 — 1
-*;.'- - SUMMARY.
Errors— Van Haltren. Delehanty, Smith.
Doyle, Eheehan. Lynch. Two-base hit—Thom
as. Btolen bases— Doyle, Eagan. Sacrifice hit
— Lynch. Double plays — Van Haltren to
niankecshlp, Mohler to Hall to Itlankenshlp.
Bases on called balls — Off Hughes 6. Struck
out — By Hughes 1. Left on bares — Seattle 3.
Taccma 7. Time of came — 1:38. Umpire —
O'Connell.
TACOMA. LOSES ON ERRORS.
MITCHELL AXD TOBIX PliAT
A GREAT GAME OF TENNIS
Carnival Company Attached.
Four attachments were served yes
terday on the. California Carnival Com
pany and the Sheriff took charge of
the paraphernalia at Market street, be
tween Eleventh and Twelfth, where a
street fair is being conducted. The at
tachments are the result of suits
brought by Scott &. Van Arsdale to re
cover J255 30, by D. E. Besecker for
$50 rent, J. C. Lackenbach for $203
for music and Rauer'3 Collection
Agency on an assigned claim for $275
for goods furnished the defendant
company, which la composed of
George C. Lary and J. Collins. A num
ber of labor claims were also filed
against the company.
The summer girl now begins to sit
up and notice things. '. .
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
ST. LOUIS/ June 11.— Jack Young won
the Inaugural handicap, worth $3255 to
the winner, to-day .after a terrific race
with some" of the best" horses "at tha
track. Four horses were closa up at
the wire, with Taby Tosa and Young
going away. , 'Taby stumbled near the
finish or he would have Won. Twenty
thousand people saw the race run, the
occasion being the opening of the Fair
Association' meeting. Thirty-one books
handled the money. "' Estrada Palma,
Ben, Copperfield and -other good
ones brought | here especially for the
stake were run overlnthe stretch by
the local horse. " Summary:!
FIRST'- RACE— Six furlong*;' three-year-olds
•nd up;rpursce: " ,
Betting. .Horse Weight, Jookey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Hap. Chappy, 105 (Neley) 2 2 a 1 nk
10 to 1 — Caterpillar. 99 (Anderson) 1 4 8 2 rJt
0 to 1— C. the Arena. 02 (Knapp) 6 3 h 3 h
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. G. C. Baker's b. g. (4) by The Hero-
Maudie R. Requisition 100, Wollfram 102^Tros
1C4. Ponca 102. Royal Deceiver 105, Lady
Vaahtl 101. Roso Court 102, Kilo 100, Sharp
Bird 107, finished as - named.
SECOND RACE — Four furlongs; two-year
olds; purse $400:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5— Arch Oldham. 112 (Trxlr) 6 11 lh
6 to 5— Broomhandle, 110 (Dale). 6 34 23
6 to 1— Zlnda, 109 (Austin) .4 2 5 3 5
Time. :4SH. Start good. Won all out.
Winner. O. G. Parke's b. c. (2) by Gallantry-
Pearl Barnes. Arlena 100 Phil King 103.
Platoon 103, Franco 105. finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; three-year
olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Fts. Favorite. U8 (Robns) 2 1 1%1 n
8 to 1— Mohave. 103 (Crawford).. 3 4 J2 2 1*4
6 to 1-^-Mafalda, 101 (Austin)... 4 3 1%38
Time, 1:20. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner, T. A. Gay's b. f. (3) by Lamplighter-
Performance. W. P. Palmer 100, Pathmaiter
103, Felix Mozzes 103. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; Inaugural han
dicap; $4000.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Jack Young, ©8 (Prklns) 1 3^1%
8 to 1— Taby Tosa, 101 (Dnegan) 2 7 4 2 V,
10 to 1 — Copperfield, 97 (Fischer) 5 6 3 3 1
Time. 1:41%. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner, O. C. -Baker's br. h. (4) by Lamp
lizhter-Jonetta. Sambo 115, Ancke 102, Big
Ben 115. Crolx d'Or 107. Bas d'Or 112, T udan
97. First Mason 116, Estrada Palma 107, fin
ished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; purse; three
year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to C — Elastic. 119 (Dale) 8 21 lh
6 to 1— Rebo, 100 (Knapp) 4 1 10 2 n
7 to 5 — Ice Water, 108 (Austin) .2 3 15 3 30
Time. 1:14. Start good. Won ridden hard.
Winner, Lemp & Co.'s b. h. (7) by Golden
Garter-Miss Modred. Glennevis 107, also ran.
SIXTH RACE^ — Mile and seventy, yards;
purse; three- year-olds and up.
Uettlns. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
2 to 1— Irlnh Jewel. 108(Crawford)4 1 1%1 n
1T> to 1— Mayor Graham,102(Dcksn)l 2 4 2 4
5 to 2— Pathos. 101 (Stoval) S 3 5 3 nk
Time. 1:46%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, P. M. Vivell's ch. g. (8) by Springbok-
Emerald. Bersle McCarthy 107. Ivernla 10B,
Flora Bright 101. Sting 100. finished as named.
SEVENTH RACE— Six furlongs; purse;
three-year-olda and up.
Betting. Horse. Welpht. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
3 to 1— One More. 104 (Sheehan). 1 2 3 1 i*
lOtol— LadyConlrary.l02(Stoval) 4 1^28
7 to 2— Wreath of Ivy.93(J.Hensy)U 5 2 34
Time. 1:15. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. J. H. Larue'sb. g. (6) by Soundmore-
Queen Victoria. Cuelona 95. General Prig 100.
Lady Idrls 97, Trapsetter 102. Our Llllle OS.
Santa Ventura 97, Jake Ward 102. Hoceo 95,
Potter 109, Joe Gose 1OS. finished as named.
REID PROVES STAR BOWLER
IX THE TOURNAMENT MATCH
Ills Victory Over Y. C. Lawson on the
Golden Gate Park Rinks Sur
prises the Spectators.
John Reid proved a bowler of the
highest order yesterday on the rinks
of the San Francisco Scottish Bowling
Club. He met Y. C. Lawso'n In the
only tournament match played and
won easily by a score of 21 to 15. Mr.
Reid's victory came as a surprise,* as
Mr. Lawson was at one time cham
pion of the club. There were many
practice matches played during the
day, which resulted as follows:
J. Gray and G. "W. Hislop beat D.
Dalziel and Y. C. Lawson "21 to 15;
J. Gray and G. W. Hislop beat J. Me-
Lachlan and J. M. Duncan 21 to 16;
D. Dalziel beat W. A. Cook 21 to 15;
J. M. Duncan and the Rev. Mr. Logan
beat John T. Dare and W. R. Eaton
21 to 16; H. L. Tlckner and "William
Watson beat E. C. Medau and J v . W.
Elder 21 to 20; W. A. Cook beat A. A.
McVicar 21 to 19; Dr. Gunn and J.
McLachlan beat J. T. 1 Dare and W. R.
Eaton 21 to 10; J. C. Moffat beat Dr.
Hamilton 21 to 8 and 21' to 15.
Two-Mile llecord for A. Shrubb.
GLASGOW, June 11. — A. Shrubb.
the English runner, to-day covered
two miles in 9 minutes 9 3-5 seconds,
breaking the world's professional rec
ord of 9 minutes 11% seconds, held
by W. Lang of Manchester, England.
Held for Juvenile Court.
Laura Murray, a 16-year-old .girl,
who has been residing with her
parents in the Mission, Is being held
at the Central Emergency Hospital
subject to the orders of the Juvenile
Court. She was, taken to the Institu
tion early yesterday morning suffering
from alcholism. .
The regular contests of the San
Francisco Flycastihg Club were held
yesterday at Stow Lake. The mem
bers paid particular attention to the
delicacy event, which Is the nearest
approach to actual fishing. W. D.
Mansfield,' the world's greatest fly
caster, showed his superiority in this
event, scoring 95.10 per cent. The
detailed scores follow:
O > Delicacy.' r*
| Jl- > a z 2? S
¦-•'w- : ':: -* 3P "2 *3 »j 5-
CONTESTANTS ' y j* Qq £Q,'3 r =
| [ | |_ i i ' J j
W. E. Brooks 185. 8185. 4|80 [82.8 ....
W. E. Brooks I |U1.4jH4.2 87.9 ....
! T.W. Protherton 85.8 8«.4|87.6 86.11 ....
T.W. Brotherton 87.4 »2. 4187. 6 8».ll
G. C. Edwards 87.4 80.8 87. « 8».7 88
G. C. Edwards 88 93.4|88.8 90 87.7
A. K. Weils 91.4 88. 8177. tf 83.1 ..;.
A. E. Wells S3 UI.4J88.4 89.19.:..
C. G. Young Ill 92.4|8(i.8 89.0 9ft
C. G. Young O2.8|1H 190. 1092. « 95.5
T. C. Kterulft 92 |Wl.8LS0 S7.1 80.8
T. C. KI«rulff..|....'.|Ul IN7.4.S4.2 |N5.# |.«fl).l
O. W. Lane | I |94.4|89.2 |91.9 I....
W. D. Mansfield] fO0.4|ii8.4|W.4 |y5.lO|U5.U
W. D. Mansfield! .JaO.8iO4.8ilH. 2 94.5 97.6
W. D. Mansfield, the Greatest of Rod-
Wielders, Carries Off the
Day's Honors.
DELICACY EVENT ATTRACTS
THE CLEVEREST FLYCASTERS
CINCINNATI. Ohio, June 11.— iJkonla sum
mary :
First race, six furlonus — Trompeuse won.
Shipping . Port second. Karl Kahler third.
Second race, mile — White Plume won. Major
T. J. Carson second. Buccaneer third. Time,
1 :30 3-6.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Nicola
won, Dixelle second. Green Gown third. Time,
Fourth race. Cincinnati Hotel Spring handi
cap, mile and an eighth — Delmonlco won. Silk
Maid second, St. Hera third. Time, 1:51%.
Fifth race, mile and fifty yards — Apple won,
Jake second. Brand New third. Time, 1:43%.
Sixth race, six furlongs^ — Lak Lavish won.
Mabel Winn second, Ludon third. Time.
i:14H. - . '
Latonia Race Results.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. June 11.— Moharib, John
W. Schoor's American Derby candi
date,' grandly ridden by Aubuchon, won
the M. Lewis Clark stakes at Harlem
to-day in a hard drive by a neck from
H. T. Griffin's Ascot Derby winner Bill
Curtis. M. S. Tichenor & Co.'s Flo
Bob was third by a head. MohaVlb was
at 18 to 5 in the betting, with English
Lad the public favorite at 6 to 5. Bill
Curtis was at 40 to 1. The race was
begun under most unfortunate circum
stances, as English "Lad and Moharib
were all but left at the post.
One of the biggest crowds of the year
visited the course and a tremendous
groan went up when the barrier was
released and it was seen the favorites
were left at the post. Nothing daunted,
Aubuchon, on Moharib, and Nlcol, on
English Lad, set sail for the leaders
and, rounding the turn into the back
stretch, were close upon the heels of
the bunch. Prince Silverwings led for
a Quarter of a mile when Memories
took up the runing.
Meanwhile English Lad and Moharib
were improving their positions. Eng
lish Lad went up on the inside. Au
buchon, with better Judgment, chose
the outside.' This bit of dexterity Is
what won the race for Moharib, as the
Schorr colt had clear Balling all the
way. Entering' the stretch _ on even
terms with the leaders he came on
home like a real Derby horse and won
In the gamest fashion possible. Bill
Curtis ran In much Improved form and,
dashing out of the bunch at the head
of the stretch, gained ground . rapidly
and finally landed the place honors In a
fierce drive with Flo Bob. The stake
was worth $2925 to the winner.
Bondage captured the one and an
eighth mile handicap, the second fea
ture on the card, defeating Bragg by a
fair margin. Bondage by his victory
In the Harlem National a short time
ago was 1 installed as favorite and
proved to be the class of the field.
Lord Badge was third. It was an
nounced to-day that beginning Mon
day S. C. Hildreth will have first call
on the services of Jockey Aubuchon.
Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; purse; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. K Fin.
20 to 1— Peter J. 102 (Sherwood). 4 2 2 11%
» to 2— Freeslas, 91 (Feicht) 2 6 1 2 1^
4tol — Canyon, 102 (A.Booker). 6 8 1^34
Time. 1:28. Start bad. Won easily. Winner.
Mrs. S. 8 .Rogers' ch. g. (4) by Maxlo-Lady
Bug. Kxclamatlon 102, Boaster 107, John A.
Scott 110, Ahola 106. Mlndora 105. Don't Ask
Me 102, The Meteor 105. Anna 102, Harney 107,
finished as named. Ontonagon 105 left at the
post.
SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; jpurse; two
year-olds: . '
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5— Kurtzman, 115 (Nlcol).. 4 3^1 2* B
6 to 1 — Plnkerton, 110 (Mountn) 1 2 h 2 l\i
7 to J-^Userul Lady. 112 (Lawr). 2 1 nk3 1
Time. :48 3-5. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. Fred Cook'o ch. c. by The Commoner-
Marlon G. Broadway Girl 112, Ivan the Ter
rible 105. Modred Law 115, Raining Leaves
105. finished as named, -
THIRD RACE— Mile and an eighth; Lewis
and Clark stake; three-year-olds and up:
llettlng. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. • % Fin.
8 to 6— Moharib, 122 (Aubuchon) 6 2 2 1 nk
40 to 1— Bull Curtis, 111 (Lawrn) 3 6 3 2 h
9 to 1— Flo Bob. 112 (Ollphant). 6 4 1^3 h
Time. 1 :00 2-5. Start tiad. Won driving.
Winner, John W. Schorr's br. c. by Esher-
Reflectlon. Proof Reader 109, English Lad 122,
Memories 104, Copper 105. Flower King 111.
Prince Sllverwlngs 112, Elwood 122, finished
as named.
FOURTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey.' St. % Fin.
4 to &— Bondage. 104 (Mclntyre). 3 35 12
13 to 2— Bragg. 100 (Dugan) 4 lh 24
12 to S — Lord Badge, 100 (Felcht) 12 3 3 5
Time. l:ji* 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
M'lnner, J.fl^rthur'n br. c. (4) by Halma-Miss
Langford. Dr. Stephens 98, also ran.
FIFTH RACE: — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
l.t to 6— The Crisis. 102 (Ollphant) 1 2 nit 1 2
12 to 1 — Americano, 107 (Felcht). 2 lh 21
7 to 1— Mansard. 104 (Sherwood). 8 6^31
Time, 1:13 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Talbctt Bros.' ch. f. (4) by The Com
moner-Leaflet. Action 107, Tokalon 91. Dusky
00, Singing Master 02. Magic. Flute 00. Sock
dolenger 103, finished aa named.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and ud; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Creole Jim, 88 (Greenfield) 5 4 1 1 «4
6 to 1— Louisville, 102 (Lawrence) 6 « h 2 3
4 to 1— Admonition-, 109 (Ollphnt) 4 2 h 3 h
Time. 1 :43. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. R. A. Smith's ch. e. <3> by Rapallo-
Gertrude. Mezzo 9$. Rough and Tumble 92.
Barilla 102 Nervator 103. Love's Labor 111,
Little Mission 08, Weird 104, finished as named.
Racing at the Meadows.
8EATTLE, June 11.— Following Is the sum
mary of the races at The Meadows:
First race, five furlongs — Maud Sherwood
won. Almoner second. Nanon third. Time,
l:01#.
Second race, four furlongs — Leah won. David
Boland second,- Rublna third. Time, :49.
Third race, six furlongs — Tannhauser won,
Dorlce second. Northwest third. Time. 1.-15.
Fourth race, one mile, opening handicap —
Step Around won, George Berry second, lllo
waho third. Time, 1:41%.
Fifth race, one mile and fifty yards — J. V
Ktrby won. Oscar Tolle second. The Fretter
third. Time, 1:45%.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Mllas won, Flourish
second. Rollick third. Time. 1:15.
It isn't because the dentist is de
spondent that he always looks down in
the .mouth. ' *
It was not all over then by many
lengths, however, for San Francisco
was bent on making a fight. With "Wal
dron down in the ninth, Meany chopped
out a hit to center and Irwln partook
of a pass. Cy Townsend hearkened to
the appeals of the multitude and land
ed the leather to center, scoring Irwin.
Reitz approached the plate and sent an
old-time Baltimore drive spinning to
right field. Streib's mitts were In, the
way of the hit, and so the game ended
in an unexpected double play. The
score:
Ean Francisco — 1 Oakland —
AB. R. H. P. A. • AB. R. H. P. A.
Mllier.v. 2 10 0 3 Ganly.rf 6 0 110
U!ldbd.lf 3 10 3 0 Frncks.s 4 0 2 3 4
VVldrn.cf 4 112 0 Schfly.2b 5 1 3 0 6
Meany.rf 6 12 2 0 Dulvy.cf 0 2 110
Irwln,3b. 2 0 11 3jDvrux.3b 4 12 12
Cwnsd.lb 3 O 2 10 O.Mskm.lf 5 2 2 10
Reltz,2b. & 0 1 2 2tstr«lb.lb 5 0 0 15 1
Leahy.c. 3 113 2 Byrnes.c. 3 114 2
Knell, p.. 4 0 11 3 Schmdt.p 4 0 2 12
Totals. S3 5 9 24 13 Tt>tals.4O ~7 14 27 16
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco... 20001 100 1—6
Base hiU 100122012—9
Oakland 2 0 1 0 2 0 2 0 x — 7
Base hits 32213120 x— 14
SUMMARY.
Errors — Miller. Irwln. Meany. Devereaux.
Francks. Two-base hits — Moskiman. Byrnes,
Schmidt. Sacrifice hits— Htldebrand. Dever
eaux. Irwin. MllUr. First base on errors — San
Francisco 2, Oakland 3. First base on called
balls — Off Knell 2. off Schmidt &. Left on
bases— ban Francisco 11. Oakland 12. Struck
cut— By Knell 1. by Schmidt 2. Hit by pitch
er — Hildebrand, Miller. Double play — Streib
(unassisted). Time of game — 2 hours. Um
pire—Huston.
Mr. Knell was batted and buffeted
about yesterday afternoon at Recrea
tion Park like a rag baby. Mr. Schmidt
was wild and uncertain, and sometimes
he got his, too, so between both calami
ties the admirers of each • team were
constantly troubled, with the Jimmies
from the call of "play ball." Oakland
finally got In a few extra bard raps and
won. Score, 7 to 6.
It was a choppy old game of ball all
the way through, with both teams
playing for fair and doing all they
knew how to make a few runs. Oak
land landed on Knell once or better In
every round but the laat, when they
seemed to take pity on the old fellow
and let him escape easily.
The main event was the . agonizing
slowness of Mr. Knell In' the box. He
was something; awful, and therefore
the game went • along for two whole
hours. He waa never done rubbing the
ball with the palm of his band or mak
ing some kind of a motion that might
tend to delay the game. The bleachers
got riled at him, but even the threats
of these warlike beings did not deter
the pitcher.
San Francisco made a brave start in
the first round, when bases on balls to
Miller and Meany, an error by DeVe
reauz' and a hit by Irwln chased two
in. Oakland created a deadlock In the
same round. Francks and Schlafley
singled and advanced on an out. Deve
reaux had the timely boy concealed In
his club and then they both came home.
It went along till the third, when
Oakland amassed one more on a pair
of timely blngles. San Francisco got
another In round five, when they found
Schmiddy safely twice. Jimmy Byrnes
practically tied It up In Oakland's half
of the fifth. "With Devereaux and
Moskiman on third and second, Jimmy
shot a pretty double over the third
sack and brought 'em both to the pan:
San Francisco filled the bags in the
sixth, and with two gone Cy Townsend
got one through Streib, and another
tally was sounded for Uncle. The real
big bunch of explosives was touched
off by Oakland during the progress of
the seventh spasm, when three timely
bangs and Miller's error sent in two
tallies.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. f W. L. Pet
Oakland -. . . .42 81 -.»7C !S«attle .... .88 S3 .535
Los Angeles.42 32 ..¦.•>•>, San F"nclsco.82 40 .444
Taooma 41 32 .562 jPortland ...21 48 .304
STANDING OF THE' CLUBS.'
NEW YORK. June 1L— McQlanlty met with
his first defeat of the present season at th*
Polo grounds to-day. It waa * twelve toning
game and the Chicago team won out br »
score of 1 to 0 on a hit br Chanc*. two outs
and a single by Evers. Attendance, 33.500.
Score:
R. II. E.
Chicago 1 10 3
New York 0 3 0
Batteries — Wicker and Kllng; McGlsntty and
"Warner.
BOSTON. Jun» 11. — Ts« Boston National*
went to pieces to-day and Plttsburg ntfbred at
will. "Willis was batted, out of the box la tho
third Inning and Stewart was batted almost aa
hard. Attendance. 6C0O. Scots:
K. " ' H. E.
putsbunr M ~....~. ia u 3
Boston 18 1
Batterieo— Leorer and PheXpa; "Willis. Stsw
art and Moran. • . tv
PHILADELPHIA. J«n« 11. — Error* by th»
home team, together with consecutive hlttlns
by Cincinnati. r&r» the visitors th« (am* to
day. The brilliant work of Huggtns and Wood
ruff was a feature of the gam*. Attendance.
4700. SCOT., H E
Cincinnati 7 8 3
Philadelphia 2 ft 7
Batteries— Harper and Pelts; Duggleby and
Dooln-
BR00KI*YN, June 11.— TnerV wm Uttls ex
citement in the gam* at Washington Park
this afternoon, the St. Louis team easily de
feating the home nm«. Jack Taylor allowed
the locals only five hits. Attendance. 5000.
Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louts 5 13 -• 1
Brooklyn 2 5 1
Batter-lea — Taylor and GraJy; Cronla and
Ratter.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. June 11 St. Louis had l!tt!a
trouble In winning to-day's game. Barney
Pelty pitched for the locals and allowed Boston
only six hits. Attendance, 1100. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Loui» 7 11 3
Beaton 18 1
Batteries — Petty, and Sugden; Gibson and
Farrell.
CHICAGO. June 1L — The visitors made alt
the hits for extra bases and made them all
count. The fielding on both sides was nearly
perfect, Cbesbro's work being esppeclally bril
liant with three put-outs and eight assists. At
tendance. 12.650. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 3 S 1
New York 6 11 1-
Batterie^ — Patterson. Altrock and Sullivan;
Chesbro and McGulre.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. June 11.— Philadelphia
won out In a pitcher's battle. Plank. was In
vincible with men on bases. In the last 'six.
Innings only one Olevelander reached first. At
tendance, 1C0O. Score:
R. H. E,
Cleveland 0 4 0
Philadelphia 1 6 0
Batteries — Rhodes and Abbott; Plank and
Powers. . • -. '
DETROIT. Mich.. June 11.— Fine hitting won
to-day's game for Detroit. Donovan helped
his team out of a tie with hla home run.
scoring two. Bremlnger's home run was th»
first over the fence In seven years. Attend
ance. 3500. Score:
R. H. E.
TWmit 9 12 -
Washington S 4 0
Batteries — Dcnovan and Buelow; Orth and
Drill. . . , . .. - ---:
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CN'atlonal League.) i (American Learn a.)
W. I* Pet. W; U Pet.
New 1 ore... 29 14 .674 Boston .....30 15 .647
Chicago ....28 14 .0*57. New YorX ..25 IS .581
Cincinnati ..30 15 .<*>." Chicago 2S 2O .SOU
8t. Louts ..21 •_•¦> .512 Cleveland ...23 IS .cm
Plttaburg ...21 22 .483 PfciladetpbU 23 2» ,.\;J
P.r • xiyn ...1.1 2» .MH St. Louis ..21 SO .512
Beaton IS 27 .872 Detroit lfl 27 .372
Philadelphia 8 81 .2OS I Washington . 8 34 .130
STANDING* OF THE CX.UBS.
ST. LOUIS, June 11.— Leland Stanford
Junior* University "was defeated by the
University of Indiana, at the Olympian
championships of Western colleges by
'a score of 32 to 27 points. Purdue. Uni
versity of. Indiana, was third with 24
points. The Calif oraians put up the
worst exhibition of competition seen In
the Middle West in many days. Instead
of faithfully training during the week
they neglected ¦ their- work, so It is
claimed, and to-day paid for this al
leged neglect by losing, the meet.
The biggest surprise sprung in West
ern athletics in many years .was the
defeat of Norman E. Dole of Stanford
In the pole vault. Stanford had been
picked to win, as It seemed a foregone
conclusion that the pole vault belonged
to • Dole. The latter appeared on the
field confident, but was unable to clear
the bar at eleven feet, and failed to
even get third place. The event was
won by Samseo, Indiana, with a vault
of 11 feet 9 inches, equaling the West
ern collegiate record. Glover of Purdue
and Durland of Illinois tied at 11 feet.
Glover then cleared 11 feet 6 Inches -and
won second place.
In the 440-yard dash, with second
place assured, twenty yards from the
tape Dunn of Stanford stopped in the
race and because he could not win Quit,
when the three points that would have
gone for second would have pulled his
team out of second place.
' Bell of the University of California
team was 1 the best performer, winning
both the high and the broad Jumps.
Hyde took the shotput easily. Dole won
second place In the high jump. Lana
gan was defeated In the high hurdles
by Sledler of Indiana, who broke the
world's record, topping the timbers In
15 seconds flat. In the 220-yard low
hurdles Lanagan turned the tables,
winning the furlong hurdles In the fast
time of 24 4-5, beating . Sledler two
yards. Captain Holman showed up well
In the SSO-yard dash, winning second
place, the event going to Schultz of
Missouri University In the fast time of
2:00 1-5. The .University of Colorado
showed up well, Klnsberry of that
school winning the 440-yard dash In
49 3-5 seconds— a new Western college
record. Redman of Illinois University
wori the discus . throw and afterward
gave an exhibition, in which he broke
the world's record, sending the discus
130 feet 6 inches. Martin of Indiana
won both dashes, running the furlong
in 21 4-5. Purdue University with three
entries captured 24 points. Summary:
100-yard daah— 11. Martin. I. U.. won; W.
E. Johnson U. of C. second; H. K. Tootle.
W. U.. third. Time. 10 1-5 seconds.
880-yard run — Charles Schutz. V. of M.,
won; M. "Wallace. I. U., second: F. F. Hol
man. Stanford University, third. Time. 2 min
utes 15, seconds.
440-yard run — A. C. Klngsberry. U. of C.
won: J Fleming. W. U.. second; G. Thomp
son... L U-. third. Time 4« 4-5 seconds.
Putting the shot— O. T. Hyde. Stanford Uni
versity, won: H.\ "W. Cenderson. U. of M.,
second: H. ¦ Wolff, V. of M.. third. Distance,
40 feet 10 inches.
120-yard high hurdle — T. Shldeler. Indiana
University " won; H. W. Lanaean. Stanford
University second; L. Smith. W. U.. third.
Time 15 'seconds. The world's record waa
beaten Shldeler covering the distance. Jump
ing ten 3- foot A- inch hurdles, and cut one
fifth of a second from the record. As there
were only two official timers the record, it wa«
announced, will not be officially recognized.
220-yard run — H. G. Martin. I. U.. won; "W.
E. Johnson U. of C. second: H. T. Tootle,
"W U.. third. Time 21 4-6 seconds.
One-mile run — L. E. Hearn. P. U.. won: W.
F. Verner P. U.. second; L. Hornaday. I. U..
third Time, 4 minutes' 44 1-5 seconds.
Throwing hammer — H. L. Thomas. P. U.,
won- W. H Banks. I. U.. second; O. E.
Towler. U. of C. third. Distance. 144 feet 9
Running high Jump— H. "W. Bell. Stanford
University, won; N. E. Dole. Stanford Univer
sity, second: V. Shldeler. 1. U.. third. Height.
Running broad Jump — H. "W. Bell, Stanford
University, won; U Smith W. U.. second:
W; E. Johnson. U. of C. third. Distance. 21
e Two-*ralle run — W. F. Verner, P. V.. won:
r. E Hearn, P. of U.. second; C. L. Horn
aday.' I. U., third. Time, 11 minutes. 69%
seconds.
Bpeelal Dispatch to The Call.
SEVENTH RACE — One and a sixteenth
miles: selling; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — Reveille. 01 (Crtmmns) 4 1 h 1 3
80 to 1— N. Spot. 104 (E.Wlsh). 8 4 ft 2 3ft
8 to 1— Tntuls Cup, lift (Lyne) 1 6 4 3 h
Time. 1 :48 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, A. Miller's ch. c. by Golden Dawn-
Harmony II. Flara Pretorlous. Cottage Maid,
M. C. Meeker. Alack, Mernr Acrobat and
Merry Hours finished a» named.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
selling; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. J4 Fin.
8 to 5— Dimple. 80 (H.Phllllps) 1 1 f li)J
6 to 1 — J. Denton. 91 (Crramns) 7 2 2 2 n
10 to 1— Dekaber. 107 (J.Martin) 9 7 1 3 1ft
Time, 1:48 2-5. Start gooc. Won cleverly.
Winner, E. R. Thomas' bay filly by Mirthful-
Myrtle Harkness. Akela Coppella. Bob Mur
phy, Palette. Paget, The RHymer aiid The
Rival finished as named.
FIFTH RACK— Five and a half furioncs;
selling; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Welsrht. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
4 to 1— Virgo. 00 (Hildebrand) 3 3 h 1%
8 to 3— Sandy Andy. 102 (Lee) 6 112 1
13 to 1— Limerick. 104 (J.Mrtn) 2 4 h 3 n
Time, 1:08 5-5. Start bail. "Won driving.
Winner. Oneck Stables' brown fllly by Prince,
of Monoca-Vlrgle. Johnson, Gray Lady, Con
fessor, Dance Music, Raiment, 'Rubric. Ike 8,
Recleo. Vasnar Girl, Nora Llgnt and Fra Fll-
Upo finished as named. •.'"'¦. ¦'.
FOXTRTH RACE— One and a half miles; the
Brooklyn Derby.
6 to 5— Bryn Mawr. 118 (Lyne). 8 8 % 1 3ft
a to 6— High Ball. 119 (Hldbrnd) 2 1 y, 2 r.
60 to 1— The Sothrnr.118 (Odom) 4 4 3 4
Time, 2:35. .Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Gougrhacres Stables' br. c. by Athellng-
Maggie Weir. Rapid Water also ran.
Time, 1:10 3-5. Start good. "Won driving.
Winner, W. B. Leeds' b. c. by Jim Gore-
Twitter. Tongorder, Harpoon, Judas finished
as named.
THIRD RACE — About six furlongs; the
Tremont stakes; for two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % F'n.
20 to 1— Merry Lark.115 (Martin) 6 Sill
6 to 1— Velo, 112 (Odom) 1 In 25
1 to 6— Britisher. 115 (CVXelll). 4 4 5 8 6
SECOND RACE — About two miles; the
Kensington Steeplechase; handicap; four-year
olds and up.
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
40 to 1— Candling. 132 (Heller).. 0 8 8 16
4 to 1— J. Campbell, 144 (Mara) 2 4 2 22
12 to 1— Cock Robin, 152 (Page). 6 76 30
Time, 4:03. Start good. "Won easily. Win
ner. S. F. Williams' br. h. by Candlemas-
Llndlenne. Fox Hunter. Fanner's Foe,
Numeral. M anal tan. Flying Buttress, Enrlght,
Judge Phillips finished as named.
* jQRAVESBND, June 11.— Thirty thou
sand people were attracted to Graves
end to-day by an extra offering of sev
en races, two . of. ; which were classic
events, known as the Brooklyn Derby,
for three-year-olds, at a mile and -a
half, and the Tremont stakes, for two
year-olds, over the short course.
Both of the favorites In these events
were beaten. In the Tremont particu
larly the favorite, Britisher, looked ln- 
vincible. The bookmakers thought so
and the heavy players were of the same
opinion.' It Is estimated that at least
$200,000 was lost on Britisher alone. The
colt ran an amazing race. He was a
bit slow to begin, but before the field
had run a furlong O'Neill was seen to
take hold of Britisher and restrain
him. The colt appeared full of run
ning. They raced this way to the turn,
and so easily was Britisher going at
this point that his backers put up their
glasses with a satisfied air and said,
"Easy money." When, however, the
field was nearlng the stretch O'Neill
was seen to loosen his wrap and start
riding. Britisher did* not respond. Those
who had counted on an easy victory
were, dumb with amazement when
Merry Lark won from Veto by a
length, Britisher being badly beaten^
Summary:
FIRST RACK — About «lx furlongs; handi
cap; for all ages.
Betting. Horse, Welrht, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
11 to 6— Lady AmeRa,112 (Phlps) 8 12 18
7 to I—John F, 112 (Bullman).. 1 8 3 2 1 ,
20 to 1— Kins Pepper. 104 (Jones) S 4 h 3 ns
Time. 1 :09 4-6. Start good. Won ridden out. .
Winner, K. R. Thomas' t>r. f. by Ben Brush-
La Colonla. Ingold, New York. Collector Jes-;
sup. River Pirate, Pulsua, Dazzling finished
as tamed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Eenowned "Iron Man" Al
lows Chicago One Run and
Loses Twelve-Round Game
Indiana Captures First Hon
ors in Olympian Champion
. ship at. World 's Fair City
Commuters Take a Fancy to
•the Kind He Serves and
Fourteen Hits Are Made
When Jockey O'Neill Lets
Him Down the Colt Does
Not Respond. ,
Moharib, After Being Nearly
Left, Wins Kich Stake
at Harlem.
Jack Young Is First in the
Inaugural Handicap at
. St. Louis.
BRITISHER, HEAVILY BACKED FAVORITE
FOR TREMONT STAKES, BADLY BEATEN
STANFORD GETS
SECOND PLACE
FIRST DEFEAT
FOR M'GINNITY
MR. KNELL GETS
A TROUNCING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, -JUNE 12, 1904.
CALIFORNIA ATHLETES PERFORM BRILLIANTLY IN THE STADIUM
Connotation stake — Real Duchess m. bye.
Frisco Lad withdrawn; Lydia a bye. Irish Lad
withdrawn; Sollsa a bye. Don Pedro with
drawn; Boots a bye, Tom Hurllck withdrawn:
Good as Gola and Klns/s Pride both with
drawn; Aercxlah and Fiower of Kerry both
withdrawn; IUch Array beat Touag Kern'
Pippif. 6-3; Concord Tralee and Mountain
Poet both withdrawn; Helen Hayes and AU
l>aba both withdrawn; Little Sister beat Morn-
Ins; Glory. »-l; Little Plunder a bye. Odd Eyes
¦withdrawn;. Proper a bye. Topsy Turvy with
drawn; Me.ffic Stuff beat Tricksy, 5-1; Sweet
Locust beat Glitter. 8-3; Mollle Hasldns beat
1+£.y Newark. 3-0; Mlrare beat Hermit, 10-2:
Thclma beet Yankee Boy, 6-1; Top Llpton beat
The Bheriff, 20-2; Rolling Boer beat Manru,
13-3; Lucky Shamrock beat Fair Glen, 15-5.
C-.'i; Tounj Johnnie R« beat Boots. 8-0; Med
i..fi:Li.- I -.ti Good as Gold, 'Si-12: Ploughman
beat King's I 'ride, 11-6. Our Myra beat
Arrodah 7-5; Royal Friend beat Flower of
Kerry. 22-1; Sir WJntos beat Young Kerry
Pippin. 11-5; General Fremont beat Rich
Array. 14-7: Beauty Gold beat Concord Tralee.
30-7; Peter Mclntyre beat Mountain Poet. 11-4:
S-'fcotgua beat Helen lives. 20-1; Tobaeco Bob
a bye- May Tunnlson b»-at Uttle Sister. 8-4;
K*Cle Bird beat Morning Glory. 14-5; Aisle
McDonald beat Odd Eyes. S-C: Doc Burns beat
Little Fiuii«rer. 0-3; Jtrry Wnjrht a bye: Lady
llenlo beat lTrper. 10-2; Doreen beat Tricksy,
1()-U; Fiddler U-at Mtptc Stuff. 6-5; Princess
Savoy beat Sweet Locust. lt>-0; Happed Actor
beat Glitter JO-1; Gold Lily beat Mollle Hos
klns. e-2; Imperious beat Lady Newark. 6-0;
«"oc«tte beat Mirage, 50-0; Young- Fearless beat
Hermit. 8-4: Bob R beat Yankee Boy, 6-4;
Snapper Garrison beat Tfeelma. 10-6; Articu
late beal Torn Lipton. 19-8- Sofala beat The*
Sheriff, 23-1: Belfast beat KolilnK Boer. 11-5;
Head? Address beat Manra, 4-0; Fortuna
Anyel beet Lucky Shamrock, 8-6; Lady Royer
beat Fair Glen, 9-4. . '
Inglesifle Coursing Park was the
scene of some sensational coursing- yes
terday, and In the Consolation stake
nine fast hounds were withdrawn on
account of the long trials. The races
were probably the roost extended ever
witnessed at the park. Among the
hounds to be withdrawn were Real
Duchess, Irish Lad, Don Pedro, Tom
Uurlick, Good as Gold, KingTs Pride.
Mountain Poet. Topsy Turvey and Con
cord Tralee.
Following are the day's results with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official scores:
Fanni* Hucfcie beat Heal Duchess; 4-3;
Vrisco I.ad beat Aure'.ia, 16-6; Oulda beat
Llddla, 1S-2; Tt-rra Cotia beat Irish La4. 9-5;
Yellowtail beat Boilsa. 1&-"; Octavius beat Don
Pedro, 27-1'; Prometheus t*at Tom Hurllck.
Nine Greyhounds With
drawn From Consolation
Stake at Ingleside Park
HARD COURSES
EXHAUST DOGS
36
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Swollen glands, tumors, white swelling, sores, pustular Jj^&$&wS
or scaly skin eruptions, flabby muscles, brittle bones, weak if*
digestion, emaciated, illy-nourished bodies, are some of lfo>
"the well-known earmarks of Scrofula. Scrofula is inher- }m*yy^0^^
ited. Parents too closely related by the ties of blood, or :
tainted with consumption or blood poison, may look for W^^^^^m
signs of Scrofula in their children. The middle-aged often
have it, but children are the chief sufferers. Scrofula 9&8gg£3fZ$JP >
breaks down the vital forces, Cleveland, Ohio, Au?nit 11,1903.
and the blood becomes 8O I inherited Scrofula from my parents, and tbia
weak and nnortriat it Hoes not »eang,of eourieiweak, impure blood andarnnJ
weaK ana poor mat iyj Qoes not down> debilitated condition of the system. I havo
nourish the body. The rem- been under treatment of physicians for quite a
edv in all serofnlons affec- P« rl ° d ftt different times, but their treatment did
cuy m ail scroiuious aucu not do me onythinsr like the erood S. S. s. did la«t
tions must be one that punnes winter when I took It. It promotes appetite and
the diseased blood, builds up
tne weak digestion, increases to being; an excellent blood purifier, it adds to its
the annetite and irives new ""ess as a remedy for Scrofula. It did more for
I«™, ? jk ? *u ?« !il ™»^an any thing 1 have used, and with pleasure
; energy and strength to all I commend it. ?- mbs. I<ouise COHEN,
life's forces. No medicine has 122 BrowneU St. ; ,r ;
won so much fame as a blood purifier as S. S. S., and its tonic effects upon
'•^itim -t-l_ '. i ' ' the system are not equaled by any other remedy. > It
|^^5 CO^ makes the weak,' tainted blood rich and strong, and
VJ^k d" ves out of the | circulation all tubercular deposits
KJJ KO ) KJU and morbid matter that cause the glandular swelling,
V-^ sores , abscesses , tumors and other horrible symptoms
that make Scrofula so dreaded and dangerous. J -
Write us fully about your case.. Medical advice will cost you nothing.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
ADVEBTTSEMEinS.
f~ZSSQB^BBBBDSE3sBH^Bsal^B^^
MEN'S 1
DISEASES
AND THEIR 1
Scientific Treatment |
DR. O. C. JOSLEN. if
The Leading Specialist. ||
All my methods cf treating men's dls- I
races are bafttd upon absolutely sclen- t
tlfic t.rlncirles. They are methods I
original with myself. Like methods B(
are employe] by no other physician, f
ncr floes any other r»hy?Iclan or rpe- I]
claHst duplicate the results I obtain f
by their use. Perfect resrjlts are con- f
elusive proof of scientific accuracy. I I
have treat 1 d men only for seventeen fj
years, and my ability to effect thor- fa
oui;h »nd absolutely permanent cure* M
has: won me the larjrect practice of its I 1
kind in tfce entire West. IJ
"WeaKness" |
Thnt rendition commcr.ly known as I)
"weakness** is in reality one of the fc
mot ricirile of men's ailments, and E
one that yields promptly and complete- H
ly to correct tr-atment. For genera- H
tion^pan physicians have been hand- H
Inc £ ju-n a mofis-grrown theory to the I]
effect that prcmatureness, loss of k
power, etc.. are due to nervous de- ¦
ranpement brourht on throach ex- H
ce^ws. and to this day the treatment t
commonly ?¦mploycd by moft phyrlclans t
and Fpeciaiints Is a n'-rv* stimulating H
one tiat excites the organs to tempo- H
rary activity, but which in the «nd H
cannot fall to arsravate the real dls- R
order. "Weakness" is nothinc more H
than n fyrr.ptom resulting from a ten- ti
tier, swollen and Inflamed condition of H
the prostate eland. This prostatlc dls- I
ord'r is must frequently due to early H
dissipation or to Injury caused by some Hi
contracted disease. 2Iy treatment is a t
local one entirely, no atimulants or l|
tonic* be'.rsr *ir.n]oycd. and Is in every ij
Instance cromrtly effective In renor- t
inc the ;;roFtate Eland to its normal M
rtate. As this Is accomplished full gf
and complete strength and vigor re- E
turn. Such a cure Is absolute and per- H
maner.t, and by no other method can Ej
a like cur* 1 be effected. ,y:*.vt N
My Cu'es Arc Fcrrnanent, fi
My Fees -re Fair. ! • p
and You Can Pay When Cured H
••Utb AH Yonr Years a Man" |
This is the title of my pamphVt, 11
which is mailed free, sealed and under M
plain cover :o all who write. It dis- §§
cusse* Varicocele, Contracted Diseases, E3
Specific Blood Poison, Stricture, etc.. M
and t«-lls of my methods of treating h
these disorders. Consultation free at M
office or icy malL - fj
1 DR. 0. OJOSLEN
Corner Msrket and Keamy sts.
Private entrance 702 Market st.
Hour*: Wec-k days, 9 a. m.. to' 1 8:S0
9. m. Sunday*, 10 to 1.
DDTTClirC FOR BARBERS. BA-
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper,
har-rerm. printers, painters, shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar-mofers. tanners, tailors. *tfc
BXrCZAZTAZr BEOS,
Erusli aianulactaxer». 09 Sacramento St.
THE OITZ.T &ECOOVZBZS '
Panama and Felt Hatters
L. WIGGINS & CO.
£0 Tears' Experience. Positively no Adds
Csed. Tbe Beet Equipped Shop In San Fran-
cl»co. All Work Guaranteed First Cla*s. All
Orders Called For and Delivered Free of
Charge. L. WIGGINS A CO.,
1222 HOWARD STREET, bet. 6th t&d 8th.
ADUEBTJSESLE2TT3. :
¦jfag'S^C»»|?B^^^*^ but only tlie
ifljl t IQ*-5jVS^^^ beat tw.tn wins.
1 mM«n^^^ Vitality— nerve en-
' a®&5Bfr^ er Sy — health — strength
' SRp^ — these are the qualities that
I 9^ make for success. You cannot
¦ : adopt anything that will make you
| a more vigorous man in every way
I than an
\ O-P-C
] suspensory
It will do away with .one strain
• which every man experiences^-a
• little strain at first, but when mul-
tiplied by the number of seconds in
a day means a big loss of nervous
energy. O-P-C suspensories are
sold by nearly all druggists. No :
J doubt your druggist has them. ' We
jj assure you it will be to your interest
j to insiat upon the O-P-C. If your
¦] dealer will not supply yon, send to
1 ns. No. a O-P-C, lisie, $i.oo; No.
: 3 O-P-C, silk, $1.50.
"The Mark of th« Master," an •
' interesting booklet, giving reasons
i why every man should wear an
i O-P-C suspensory, sent free upon
% request.
<* Bauer & Black . "
I aSjTwsnty -fifth St., Chlc*zo. U.JLA.The . Russian's saints' day and .im
perial fete, dates are so numerous that
he works not more than ' twenty-one
days in a month.
The cost of hauling a ton of freight
a mile on Great Britain's greatest rail
way is 1.45 cents; on . the Pennsyl
vania. .40. and on" the New York Cen
tral. .41'cent*.'" . J-':-V
Besides being the home of Champ
Clark. Pike County glories in the dis
tinction of having in its midst the most
luxuriant crop of" whiskers, in. the
United States. The crop adorns the fer
tile chin of Vol Tapley, a fanner, and
is more than eleven feet In length. Tap
ley recently grave Congressman Clark
a" picture of himself in which he ap
pears illustrating the classic song "And
the Wind Blew Through His Whisk
ers." When Tapley wants to exhibit
his hirsute appendage in all Its glory
he take* It from his vest, where he
commonly keeps 1U attaches the loose
end of It to .the hinge of a door and
then backs off until it becomes taut.—
Kansas City Journal.
Fertility of Sir. Taplcy's Chin.
Big Show of Multicolored Rats.
A successful rat show was recently
held at Cheltenham, England. There
were sixty . exhibits of black, gold,
gray, white, piebald and tan- rats.
Some agricultural journals, comment
ing on it, maintain that the rat has
an economic future and may become
a table dainty, in England, as it is in
China. To many people j the show is
the first correction of the impression
that rats are all alike, whereas the
varitles of them, all more or less alike
in. characteristics, are quite numerous.
The first display having been a marked
success, -others will' no doubt follow,
and "the'rodent- be studied with in
creasing attention, the prodpect, how
ever,-of .finding- out anything good
about'hlm:. being, not at all promising.
— New York Tribune.
They were lounging in Senator For
aker's smoking-room the other night,
Speaker Cannon and a. dozen Senators
and Representatives, and • this . was
Senator Carmack's story,' when it got
up; to; him:
"Just after the war, in reconstruc
tion days, , the Democrats down my
way hired a 'negro, to do some cam
paigning among • his ¦ own ; race. This
negro'dwjelt with' great fervor upon the
scandalous "way the north was treat
ing the returning Southerners. *
•'.'Why,' said " the -negro ora(or, 'de
prodigal son .was -treated better than
dese white. folks. is being. treated." -You
all remembers about dat prodigal son.
When he "come back his .father .met
him while he was yet afar off, and. put
airing on his finger: and; a new robe
on him, and killed de fatted calf— -yes,
suh. de fatted calf.' ".
"Then a Republican . negro_ cam
paigner' 'followed.""" 'Dat "nigger didn't
te'll ! you-all , right about dat: fatted calf
busjness/- he said. 'De straight ob' de
story was another way. . You mustre
membier'dat de prodigal son was sorry
forihis* misdoings. " He come back and
'lowed; to his . father I dat . he .was not
The Fatted Calf.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. - Asked.
Apollo ....; 40 ,. 46
Associated Trust Certlflcatta. .18. 1 . 20 .
Altec ?"0 65
California Standard 13 Ow . .
Caribou 3 50 4 50
Chicago Cruda 2»
CWemont • .... M !
Kour "°
Glapt" 15 |
IlahtoM 173 ft) 104 00 .
Home • 1 <5 1 .">24
Imperial ISCO .
Independence ..:.... 25 • 28
Kern * 75
Kern River 10 00
Uon «
Monarch (of Arlrona) 40
Monte CrUto 65 iO
Occlilrntal of \V Va 10
OH City Petroleum ~ tlO 62
Peerless 13 23 14 00
Reed Crude 1W ....
S F & McKIttriclc 3 0O
Senator • !J°
Stcr"nB ". ".V.W." '.'.'.'¦'. '¦ ' "• ' 2 40 2M
Superior °*
Thirty-three •• 8 -»
Toltec 21 ....
Twenty-eight o -o _v;;
Associated Bonds ¦- '» iO
Wabash 30 i'jJS
Kern Oil (new) , . 1 *>>
Miscellaneous— I . •
Chutes Company | 00
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 7 uo
Flrcher's Theater V. 85 ....
Northern Cal Tower ••¦• 11 «
BALES.
/' Mornlns Session.
100 Stcrling.'b 00 j 2 60
Mining Stocks. <v
SAN' FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
FollowlnK were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. >
COO Caledonia .:. 751 SOo Mexican J 20'
700 Con C & Va.l 251300 Ophlr 3 S3
100 Exchequer .. 431 100 SavaKe 20
WO Gould & Cut. 211 400 Seg Belcher .. 10
.V« Hale & Nora CM 100 Silver Hill ..46
100 Hale & Norc. C3I
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha 1*1 "'CO Mexican 1 35
40O Belcher 31 1 100 Ophlr 3 80
200 Rutlton H: 200 Ophlr » S3
2V0 Con C A V.I 32H 700 Ophlr ........3 00
300JUIU 0!) 100 Ophlr ........4 3*
2000 Justice .- OS 10O Overman 30
400 Mexican 1 2fy 100 Keg Belcher ..11
200 Mexican 1 25| 100 Sierra Nev .. 37
100 Mexican 1 30| 100. Yellow Jacket. 27]
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. .
Following/were the Falcs on the San Fran
cisco and Tonorah Mining Exchange yesterday: :
/ Morning Session. / . i
1000 Brunswick .. 131-300 Mont Ton ..2 12J6
1000 Esperanza ... '03 «*> Mont Ton ....2 10
7000 Esperanza ... 02 200 Mont, Ton ..2 07V,
5(0 Little Ton ... «5 100 MontlTon ....2 15
500 I ittle Ton ..; 3«S 100 MontlTon ....2 0*
1000 MacNamara . 47 700 Ton Belmont.. 67
J.200 MacNamara . 49 100 Ton Gold M. 14
««S7" MacNamara . 50 1000 Ton Midway.: 40
2200 MacNamara . 61 10!) Ton Midway.. 41
14,500 MacNamara 53| 200 Ton N Star . . 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. June 11 — 12 ra.
Bid. Ask. I ¦ Bid. Ask.
A lp ha 14 lSIJustlce ... 07 09
AHa . . . Oh 071 Kentuck 03 C3
\nde«"* 12 13|Keye« Graes.. —120
Belcncr ... 29 , ' 31 1 Lady Wash . . — 06
Best & Belch.l 25 1 30] Mexican .....1 SO 1 35
Bullion ...... 13 151 Occidental ... 79 81
Caledonia. ... 72 73| Ophlr .4 35 4 40
Challenge Con 15 17i Overman ..... 20 20
Chollnr ..... 12 WlPotoil 12 13
Cnnndence .. 05 1 051 Scorpion ..... 17,18
Con C & Va 1 30 1 35|Savage 18 20
CoH imperial." 01 02 Seg Belcher... 09 . 10
Con NY 03 . 04 Sierra Nev .. «; 43
Crown Point. 17 \U SUytr Hill .. 4.1 . 47
East Sierra N W -St Louis CO 10
Eureka Con .' — 50! Syndicate .... or. : (14
Exchequer .. 43 45f Union Con .. 47 43
Gould & Cut. 2" . 241 Utah l« . 17
Hale & Norc. 67 721 Yellow Jacket , 25 28
Julia 09 101 ¦ ¦ » " .
, i TONOPAH MIXES.
I . . Bid. Ask. • -". Bld.Ask.
Colehan .... — 07 Ray & O'Brien 05 ' 06
Eiperanzi .... 02 O.-TRay Tonopah.. ' 12 15
Gold Anchor. 20 Rescue ....... 07 09
Gold M Con. ~ 02 Ton Belmont. . .66 CS
Hanna'pah M. 25 <— # Ton Cash Boy 23
Jim Bufler..'. 45 . -'Ton Exten. .. 05 1 Ofl
Little Ton ... 30. 3i Ton & O W: — 03
Lucky Tom.. — 03 Ton. Gold- M.. — 13
M.cNarnara ¦ . 49 . • 60 Ton Midway. . \ 40 41
Mlznah Ex... 10 — Ton of : Nev. .8 75 : " —
M-JXTona.OB* 2 07% Ton N Star;. 26 >_
Paymaster . . . , 00 — Ton & Salt L. . 30 —
RayExten .. — 12IUnlted Ton ,..,- — 09
WASHINGTON. June' ll.— The ..Joint army
and navy board has ' postponed until' next 'fall
tho consideration . of . the • question 1 of control
i of wireless telegraph systems operating on 'the
co'aata ol the United States.
..." w
Philip J- Cunningham, on an as
signed claim from the law firm of
Boyd & Fineld, commenced suit In
the Superior Court yesterday against
the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company for the recovery of $30,000
alleged to be due for legal services
performed between the years 1890 and
1900. William H. Fifleld of the firm is
dead. It is alleged that the services
were performed, for the defendant
company and its predecessor, the San
Francisco Gas Light Company, in the
examination of titles to real property
and in defending the suit of George
C. Bates and the suit for the partition
of the North Peter Smith tract.
lawyers Want Biff Fees.
-The cleaning of Havana and - San
tiago has practically. -left Mexico the
worst fever district. That country 13
never 'free from the disease, though
the indications are that, as a result of
the severe epidemic of laat year, a dif
ferent story may soon be told. With
Mexico out of j the j way— f or-it may; be
expected that the Mexican Government
will carry out the promises It recently
madfc to representatives of the United
States marine hospital, service to de
stroy the ptague spots and enforce san
itary regulations— the"^ Central and
South American" countries are left to
deal with. Some of the latter have said
withm a year that they would clean
their ports.. but such statements cannot
be relied -upon!;- .' - ':/.'¦ ~.
It is "fur. this reason/ that the sanitary
work which the" United States ' will : be
obliged \6 "do along the canal strip will
have more beneficial' results^ than sim
ply making "the district a" healthy' place
to live .lii....The\influence;of : that work
will * be JfiXt ¦'. in ••» Central and South ]
America/and if" will unquestionably
spur the negligent governments to do
their share-. iru\ prjeyfinling- epidemics.
This phase of "the canal "question has
attracted., little but Jtis of
far-reaching importance. The" building
of such- a waterway as the" Isthmian
canal will be. a- great attainment, but
of hardly v less value io mankind will' be
the cleansing . of ; the; foul. cities to. the
north "and • south of the ' isthmus.—Buf
alo 'Express /.SEl^^SSSSBBSSHSStl
CI«ining of Mqxico.
Supervisor Braunhart Is . preparing
to draw the deadly parallel on the
Board, of Works In its claim that the
appropriation of $215,000 is insuf
ficient for the city to do its own street
cleaning during the next fiscal year.
Braunhart resurrected a report made
last year, In which the board figured
that the sum of $207,480 is sufficient
to sweep the. streets. In the face of
that report Braunhart says the board
demands $315,000, or more than
$100,000 In excess of Its estimate made
last year. The estimate was made on
a basis of $2 50 a day as the wages
of sweepers.
Cost of Street Sweeping.
"It is a brutal struggle to get the
best," says Everybody's Magazine, "in
which the feeble are trampled under
foot, gowns are torn and . hats
smashed; a struggle in which women
of stature and grip do not hesitate
to snatch a bargain out of the hands
of another woman and bear It off In
triunfph. . . In the peculiar creed of
ttbic* that governs woman's conduct
toward her sister woman, it Is con
sidered ' perfectly legitimate to covet
your neighbor's garments, or her cook,
and to get them away from her if you
can." — New York Commercial.
That women really enjoy a scrim
mage with each other, when no men
are by to tee that they are not living
up to their b!ue china reputation for
tenderness. Is beyond doubt. Witness
the bargain rushes when women make
nn onslaught on a counter of Ehir^.
v.aista! Are any of the virtues — the
gentleness, the tenderness, the sym
pathy for the weak and needy — for
which woman Is so Justly famed*, ex
hibited on such occasions to women
older, feebler, poorer and more in
need of "bargains than herself? Nay,
verily!
Women at Ilar&ifn Counter?,
Japanese Novelties.
The literature of Japan has excited^
some jealousy in Paris. Nowhere,
says a sprightly critic, Is fiction so
much written and read as in the land
of the Mikado. Japanese romances
are enormously long and dull. One of
them, entitled "The Story of Eight
Dogs," runs to 116 volumes, and at the
end of all the characters, numbering
fifty, without counting the dogs, are
dead, and the. reader's condition is not
much better. Happily, adds the critic,
this tale has not yet been' translated
into Russian. Evidently he is a feuil
letonist, who wishes he could keep a
story going as long and heap up as
many corpses. But in Justice to Japan
it should be said that the romance in
question is in 106 volumes only, and
that the dogs are Japanese gentlemen,
whose canine character Is allegorical.
— London Dally Chronicle.
A little cheer Is worth a lot ot criti
cism. * "¦'
A notary's clerk named Kolnlkoff was j
arrested at Krasnoyarsk, charged with f
obtaining money by false pretenses. It 1
was alleged that he Had opened an in
formation "kontora" in the \illages and
Cossack settlements, for the purpose of
supplying the families of Siberian re
servists with "facts" as .to the latest
doings of their kinsmen.
According to the evidence he charged
his clients 25 kopecks for information
whether th3 soldiers were alive or dead,
and 50 kopecks for transmitting mess
ages to' them by magic, r
In order to increase his -clientele he .
periodically circulated reports of san
guinary battles which he stated had
taken place around Port Arthur, and
declared that local battalions. had been
engaged, though these battalions were
often net within a week's Journey of the
imaginary battlefields.
Some of the peasants • refused . to give
evidence against him. declaring that he
had an-Angliskoe steklo." or English
crystal, similar to that "used every day
by Kins Edward." The crystal was
produced in court, . and, much to the
magistrate's amusement.- proved to be
the bottom, of an ordinary tumbler, on
whlch had been painted a triangle and
a crucifix. ' KoJnikoff was sentenced to
six weeks' imprisonment.. .:: -.¦
A Moscow " dispatch in the London
Daily News says "the extraordinary ig
norance and credulity of Russia's peas
ants concerning the state of things at
the front is illustrated by a report in
the Siberian newspapers of a recent
trial. . ¦'£%¦
Xcws a La Russe.
1CG3 was produced within the United
Kingdom. England turning out S71 ves
sels of 766,295 tons, Scotland 3C2 vessels
of 4S4.S53 tons and Ireland 25 vessels of
1C6.4S2 tons. With the exception of the
United States no foreign country
launched an aggregate tonnage e<:jual
to the Clyde alone, which built during
the year 277 vessels of 446,863 tons. Th-;
Ftatistics show that there were de
creases on the Clyde, the Tay, and Dee.
the Tyne, the Wear, the Tees, the Har
tlepool, the Thames, in Ireland, Ger
many, France and Holland, and in
<rea*?s on the Forth, the Mersey, th"»
Uumber, the English Channel, in the
colonies, the United States. Russia,
N'orway and Sweden. Italy, Austria,
Hungary, Japan, Denmark, Belgium
and China. The Cls'de decrease was
not so serious as expected, last year
being a record year. — New York Com
mercial.- '
According to published statistics of
!^5t year's ehipbuiiding. the number of
vessels launched in the whole world
• as 2441. with a tonnage of 2,673.531 and
an indicated horsepower of 2.352.4S5.
For 1S02 the number of vesse!3 launched
v as 2334. with a tonnage of 2,715.670 and
an Indicated horsepower of 2,017.254.
More than one-half the new tonnage bf
Shipbuilding; In 1903.
Joined hands with old Bengal
In making such "marriages" impos
sible. Surely a hundred years, of
liberal education ought to suffice, for
ihis most elementary item of national
Improvement. Our remarks apply with
much the same force to other parts of
India, .it is idle to talk of the "spirit
ual" ideal ¦ of , marriages, or marriage
being a sacrament, and of baby v wives
and baby widows growing to-be the
guardian angels of society, when, as a
rule, they are consigned to a life of
perpetual penance and self-mortifica
tion, while needing the tenderest care,
amid the free-and-easy movements- of
their male relatives/whom the "spirit
ual" conception of marriage does not,
prevent from marrying again and
again. • . : ."
.Terrible,, according, to, our. Shastras,
are the effects of a curse pronounced
by a woman: much more: terrible when
the curse remains unuttered. Who can
tell how much of India's misery arises
from the unuttered sufferings of her
daughters?— Voice of India. t
Under two years we find the number J
of widows in Bengal to be 574; under.:
three years, 651; under four years,]
1676; under five years, 3861. Here we j
have something like a holocaust, a sort \
of burning alive of these little mites .
of humanity, who, but for the preval- j
ence of a rigid sex monopoly,, would :
probably live to be true wives and truly ,
happy mothers — the mothers of future |
heroe3 and patriots. What possibilities j
are lost to the race forever under a
system which has not one word to say
for itself! . |
;It'ls much to be wished that young 1
A Bengal contemporary seems to have
unearthed some curious figures burled
deep' underneath the tomes of the lat
est census report. According to this
there are 535 widows in Bengal under
one year— that' is, so many Infants of
from one month to eleven months had
been married In the province and found
widowed. It would be interesting to
know the respective ages of the hus
bands of these hapless little creatures.
Not a few of the husbands might be
found old enough to be their great
grandfathers, with perhaps several
wives to each. Were all of them Kulin
marriages?
Baby Marriages in India.
Think of riding on a holy railroad!
But those who have traveled on it
know that they must not expect the
comforts of Paradise. It may be called
"holy", but it seems to* be run, none
the less, with an eye to dividends. Tho
charges are high and the service poor.
— N. Y. Commercial.
How many persons know that thero
is right here In North America a "holy
railroad"? This is a little line twenty
one miles long, from Quebec to Ste.
Anne de Beaupre. It is sacred becausa
it claims to run "especially for the ac
commodation of pilgrims", and above
all, because at its opening a few years
since it was formally blessed, with all
its belongings, by Cardinal Taschercau.
Every Sunday the trains are crowded
by devotees in search of the blessing
of the good Saint Anne, who is credited'
with the miraculous power of healing,
and on July 26, Saint Anne's day, the
road cannot accommodate the enor
mous crowds which flock to her shrine.
A "Holy" Railroad.
" 'Is dese yere Southern white' folks
sorry? No, suh; not a bit. Dey don't
supplicate for anything. Dey just
strop a six-shooter 'roun* 'emselves,
stalks In and -says, TVhar is dat
veal?' " — Washington Post."
worthy to be his son, but was willing
to go right' out into de cotton field
wid de oder field hands and pick cot
ton. . ¦ ¦ .
Sam Berger. the husky Olympic Club
amateur boxep, came down from Har-
Mn Springs yesterday. Sam will par
ticipate in the boxing tournament at
St. Louis next September, and thought
a Journey to the springs might ripen
and strengthen the gelatine muscles.
No serious results can be anticipated
from the lay off whatever. Six weeks
of training have transformed the beefy
looking champion Into a well-chiseled
athlete. His face plainly shows the re
sult of this labor by the firm, hard-set
expression when in repose, and there
was more danger from overdoing than
from neglecting • his training. While
resting on his oars Jeff will indulge
sparingly in food, and a relaxation of
fi ym and road functions for two or even
three days should prove beneficial, and
not harmful.
The puffy, 'angry-looking swelling
had been visibly reduced, and while the
leg did not present its normal appear
ance, the results were encouraflng.
The champion was feeling in exuberant
spirits. Jeff said he would contfnoe to
rest to-day, ' but announced that*- he
would be at work again on Sunday.
Manager Billy Delaney did not quite
approve of this, but entered, no protest.
Unco his inind is made up to do a thing,
nothing can alter the big boiler
maker's determination.
There is little or no chance of \ the
championship contest, set for next Fri
day night, being postponed. In fact,
Billy Delaney has wired friends to that
effect and beyond doubt Jim and Jack
will shake hands in the ring as sched
uled.
HARBIN SPRINGS, June 1L— After
a night of extreme vigilance on the part
of his trainers and attendants,
seething hot medicinal applications be
ing applied every two hours, Jim Jef
fries awoke from cat-like naps this
morning to find his knee in a vastly
improved condition.
¦ - •
By F. E. Mulholland.
Boilermaker Will -Resume
Work To-Day at Harbin
Springs Quarters.
Munroe'p fighting partners shared In
the shedding of blood, aa each in turn
took his medicine. For quick work
Muriroe had Andy Gallagher, Fred
Landers and Frank Rafael. They
tried to outfeint the miner, but were
unsuccessful.
Munroe's work was done without a
rest, as he went from one boxer to
another without a respite.
After a thorough rubdown he went
for a dip in the ocean.. He enjoys this
the best of all his round of training
and plays about in the surf like a seal.
Trainer in Chief Tim McGrath is a
believer In plenty of work for a boxer
and will keep Munroe busy until the
day before the fight. Munroe is such
a willing subject that It is easy to
keep him at the required notch.
Frank McConnell, .who was a clever
welterweight, will box with Munroe to
morrow. A large crowd Is expected at
his quarters to-day. ¦
Manager Harry Pollock saw, his pro
tege, Jack Munroe, work out yesterday
afternoon and was delighted with the
form displayed by the burly miner. At
that he did not see him I at his best
as Jack went swimming in Sutro Baths
In the morning with his retinue of
trainers and this left him languid.
Added to this he missed his usual half
hour nap after luncheon, as there were
visitors to entertain.
, The gymnasium was crowded to the
point of suffocation when he com
menced hfs work and the spectators
saw something akin to genuine fight
ing. The several aspiring heavyweights
gave the big miner a fast workout and
tried their best to sneak in a hard
blow. Munroe'ssore nose was skinned
again and gave him a rather gory ap
pearance.
Jack 3funroe Works Out for
the Edification of Man
ager Pollock.
THE GOOD XATVRED CHALLENGER FOR THE WORLD'S BOXIXG CHAMPION
SHIP AS HB LOOKS ON DRESS PARADE. TOST NOW HIS COUNTENANCE
SHOWS THE EFFECTS OF THE HARD BOXING HE HAS DONE.
Continued From Page 41.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
PARIS. June 1. — The billiard match
between Schaefer . and Cure at 3000
points, 19-inch balkllne, two shots in,
was won to-night by Schaefer by
twelve Doints. The winner ran out
with a break of ..sixty-three. He re
ceived a tremendous ovation.
"Jake" Schacfcr Defeats Cure.
The splendid service rendered by
thore who obtained commissions In the
army following the Civil War was
abundant proof of their fitness for
command. The test of war service is
one which cannot be equaled by any
system of examination or marking that
may be devised in a time of peace. The
fact of the qualifications of an officer
ae developed under war conditions is
absolute: the question of probable ef
ficiency has no definite standard. In
addition, forty years of military pro
gress have made the requirements for
the accomplished officer much more ex
acting than ever. Now that there is a
prospect that we may have twelve ap
pointments In the year to the commis
sioned ranks of the navy, so long aa
there may be a shortage of graduated
officers, and with the reduction of the
term in the warrant grade so that the
enlisted man may get to a commission
at some time before his thirties, it
•would seem that all had been dons that
need be done toward making the pro
motion easier. What is mainly to be
feared is that under the stimulus of
the need of officers the restriction of
numbers may be removed and a broad
ly framed general provision may make
it possible fur those to secure a com
mission who would not or could not
qualify under the present restrictions.
On the other hand, promotion within
"the limits now set should not be made
impossible through the establishment
<jf standards which, however conscien
tiously adopted, might be found pro
hibitive.—Army and Navy Journal.
Promotion of Enlisted Men.
' A return of sale was filed In the Su
perior Court yesterday by the .admin
istrator of. the.'. estate of Jose Guardl
ola, showing the disposal at auction
of the following properties: At Cali
fornia and Sansome streets, to A. J.
Rich, for $249,000; on Ellis street,
hear Stockton, to W. F. Perkins and
Joseph M. Masten, for $315,000; on
Pfne street, near Battery, • to A. J.
Rich, for $57,000;, on .O'Farrell street,
near Mason, to A. Aronson, for
$76*000; on Bagley place,' near O'Far
rell street, to Joseph E. . Bier, for
$36,000; lots 'on the Heredla estate,
near Newcastle, to R. N. Fuller, for
$5500. The commission of 1 per cent
to the sales' agents amounts to $7385.
Guardloln Estate Sale.
KAKERSFIELD. June 11.— Evidence
has com* to light tending to show that
Alexander Pontan, the hunchback took
suspected of murdering John A. Valen
tir.e, the Los Angeles mining man who
was found dead in Kelso Canyon, has
himself been murdered. No trace of
Pontan has been found, but a third
man. regarding whom nothing is
known, tout n ho gave the name of Val
entine Meyer, drove into Mojave and
returned the team that Valentine had
taken out. The stranger paid for its
hire, exhibiting more than $300 in gold,
and then disappeared. Officers are
row looking for him. Valentine is
baenrn to have had about $300 in gold
on his -person when he left Los An
geles. W. B. Carpenter, Valentine's
partner, and a Deputy Sheriff have
started for Kelso Canyon.
As was his custom. Senator Cockrell
went to do the marketing for his house
hold, and was returning home when
the basket on his arm was run into.
The boy was riding at a rapid pace. He
quickly remounted his wheel and dis
appeared.
It was said to-night that the Senator
was resting comfortably, but that he
would be confined to his bed for several
weeks. >
WASHINGTON, June 11.— Senator F.
M. Cockrell of Missouri was run Into by
a boy rising- a bicycle to-day and
thrown violently, to the ground. His
risht collarbone was broken, his left
side, badly bruised 'and he was other
wise injured. The accident occurred
early this morning, but\was not made
known until to-rognt. V-.
Lad Responsible for the Ac
cident Quickly Remounts j
Wheel and Disappears !
Team Rented by Yalentine
and Companion Returned
to Stable by Stranger
31YSTERY GETS DEEPER
COLLAR BONE IS BROKEN
Now Believe That the Cook
Suspected of Killing Min
ing Expert Is Also Dead
Cockrell of Missouri Is
Badly Injured by a Reck
less Washington Youth,
OFFICERS WORK
ON NEW THEORY
CYCLIST RUNS
INTO SENATOR
JEFFRIES' INJURED KNEE IS IMPROVING
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL. SUNDAY, JUNE ;J2 r ,-1904.
CHAMPIONSHIP BATTLE
WILL PRO BABLY BE HE LD
37
THE McWlLLI t \MS SPECIAL.
By Frank II. Spearman.
Those who ¦ love /the thrill of
mystery - and the ' clash and
roar of dangerous adven-
turing > will read this
new story In the
• NEXT • SUNDAY CALL.:
eoes9eoo^©!DCcor.<poocQ«©GQ©co5So©®oooee«ooooocis«o©ooo«500003oooooocoo<
X ¦'.;!2oist L^^QyrilnioocI
t Varicocele, Impotency and Waste of Manly Power Are Quickly and Forever Cured by
J the Grand Prorfuct of Mature,^ Dr. Mctaughlin's Electric Belt Send lor tha Frss Book.
I Free Electric Suspensory for Weak Men
• This Electric Suspensory carries the. current direct to the weak parts and cures all weak-
• ness of men, varicocele, etc. It is free, it develops and expands all weak organs and checks un-
© natural drains. No case of Failing Vigor, Vancocele or Debility can resist the powerful Elec-
g trie Suspensory. It never fails to cure. It is free with'Belts for Weak Men.
£ No man should be weak; no man should suffer .. V^ifiiaJiuoHLnf: -nxTsatrruAA. caL
A the loss of that vital element which renders .life - ; sir— it is last tkmt thirty «a.y« tine* I r«e*tv«ii jmt
g worth living. No man should. allow himseirtojK- • n^t^^E^n^^y'Som!
g come less a man than nature intended him; no man . ach l8 muelx better and I am taoroaxhty satisfied witntb* ap-
S should suffer for the sins of his youth, when there •• ' piiane*. 1 shall b* »i»d to reooinmend the treatment to my
% Is here at hand a certain cure for his weakness, «n«»ds.- chrm.'Votrtszsi.
© .a check to his waste of power. An oldmtn of 70 says he feels as strong and
2 Most of the pains,. most of the weakness of young as he did at 35. That shows how it renews
j| » stomach, heart, brain and nerves, from which the vigor of youth.
S men suffer, are due to an. early loss .of nature's It cures . Rheumatism, Sciatic Pains, Lumbago,
q reserve power through mistakes of youth. You 1 Kidney Trouble. It banishes pain in a night,
O need not suffer for this. You can be restored. The never to .return.
O very element which you have lost you can get dr.'-mc£auohmn: capitoi**, caL
• back,' and you may be 'as happy as any man that. bear sir— 1 conun*ace« asinr rmr Beit the first of last De-
© • ]jves ' '¦ * eemocr > «nd have received the greatest benefit from Its use.
J - My Electric Belt/ with Special -Electric Suspen- JS^tom^T^igJLXFgLS*^^ 1^^
m SOry (free) will restore your power. It will check : condition of my abdomen w«* cored. I eat well, my stomach is
S all unnatural drains and give back the old/ vigor- g.^SltSSial'ff ££ S&JSi tSSSSSL "fo? 0^* l^nl
O of youth. • brought a(>out o my case h*T» proven Its ability. When I came
A . GEORGETOWN* Wash. to you! had suffered for forty-one years with dropsy stomach
*% DR. MCLAUGHLIN: • • • . .' trouble. Tltal weakness and rheumatism. Now I ha.ro not an
O v • • Dear Sir— I feel that I am in duty bound to you and suffering *ehe in any of mv bones not a stiff Joint, a pain or any other
_ humanity to make a statement in rvgard to what your Belt has ailment. I ara «oln* politics for yon every chance I get. and
O . done for me. When I purchased your Belt I was In a bad con- £"• of th*s;tntlemen whom I Induced to purchase a Belt of you
O dltlon; was compelled to take medicine every day to move the her* says It has cur*d him of Brtzht's disuse of th« kidneys.
0 bowel*, and my kidneys and liver were so bad that the least Jar ¦ . . . Tours very truly
Z would rive me rreat pain. May back was so lame that when I • . . JOHN W. LUNBECK.
2f «s.t down it was almost impossible for me to get up again, -if i What ails you? Write and tell me, and, no mat-
2 had not purchased your Belt when I did I believe that I would . » er where VOU are I think I can «r<"ve vnn thr> *A
• net have lived much longer. After uMng the Belt for a short *5 r wnerc J uu ¦»«».* in»«K I can g.ie jotl tne ad-
0 time 1 found the re«uit» beyond expectations. Ail of the abov* dress or some one in your town that I have cured.
0 symptoms disappeared 1 consider your Beit the be«t in the I've cured thousands and every man of them is
Z market to-d«y and highly commend the attention given each pa- ..^,11,;-- -^,,»^;.-_-«» *«. „ r> i» k "*-" i
2 tlent while under your care. Tours truly. : * walking advertisement for my Belt.
2 john b.. ward. •• ¦ 'Every man who ever used it recommends it, be-
© This dram upon your power causes Kidney .cause it is honest. It does great work, and those
• Troubles, Rheumatism and Stomach Ailments.. whom I have cured are the more grateful because
S w You know it's a loss of vital power and affects the cure cost so little.
every organ of the body. Most of the ailments Every man who uses my Belt gets the advice
= from which men suffer can be traced to it... .. ... . and .counsel of aphysician free. I give you all
0. I have cured thousands of men who have squan- - ¦• • that any medical man can give you, and a lot that
0 dered the savings of years in useless doctoring. ... he- can't. ¦.
0 My Bc't is easy to use; put it on when, you go .Try my Belt Write me to-day for my beauti-
• to bed;. you feel . the glowing heat from it (no* fully illustrated book with cuts showing how my
2 sting or burn, as in old-style belts), and you feel Belt is applied, and lots of good reading for men
g the nerves tingle with the new life flowing into who want to be "The Noblest Work of God"— A
S them. You get up in the morning feeling like a - MAN. Inclose this ad. and I will send this book,
0 two-year-old. • ..... ... . sealed,, free. _.
O r^R* /V\ €"""" /V\<"M A I Jf""~ll-ll I rXI t3aX»r It Strut, sWn XUis Never SoU ty
0 . *- J nC » /T »• >--•• / Y V C I-'/-* VJ VJ t-f L- 1 FN • BAH HUH ISCO. Agents cr Drug Stores.
ADVEBTTrVKTffinrrai
VIGOR AND HEALTH
• rSEE TO
¦ BAR -^" "»*^ 311:27
%mm K a *f 1 a j»i\Cl\ <^"° Prove thm
WEAR ArtiLOP^ \ marv • « o u »
MPIkflf "" m.1 "^* 1 euratlT*
jtJnHl iA-AN • I powers of our
¦ .rCiiQvl *" l\tr"tS\ I nwJst rcmaric-
/^^Y\\rTpyiU I fy able h o m •
(EOill^E. . _*S j t\ * r **tiaent. you
<£, 3 ** 0 /^ WVLi&r Proval. It will
Q, . Ej fc. V~ A stcre lose
*»«3s aMl £ if JtS \ « tr « c * tl1 and
8<£f* "iTy iSl-'" ~«£L A «*'• 7°* Vtm
*O5?£ 'i '¦'¥ (E&aJ&SixZS pher:c p r «• s-
p?5iJ \ ;=2 %l2*5z£?«&< f J * pands tii«
S^Q *J»«!JJ>CS> '.'¦ iiiliMSA organs and Is
.-*.. t h e o n I y
known •dentlfio means which win positively
enlarsre and fully develop them, tsed with < our
Local Absorbing Stitnulatfiff Tonic G«rmlcidal.
1 Healing. Medicated Urethral Crayons alway«
aulckly cares wlxra all els* falls. Gleet, all
Drains. Losses. Varicocele Stricture. Prema-
tureness. Enlarsement of Prostate OUnd. etc
\- safs mmple home cure. NEVER KAILa.
Dr Llewellyn/ one of cur «tafr 6f phyntclana.
has discovered a marvelous* remedy which will
clve action and produce results In 3 Qlnutea.
Applied locally only. Works like majJc. Dont
fall to call en us for demonstration or writ*
for new illustrated bock. No. 6. sent securely
««aled.-fre«.- Hours. » to »: Sundays. 10 to U
HEALTH APPLUNCECO^ t O'FarreUSt.The existence of society depends upon th»
good things it has to offer its votaries: "Old
Gilt Edge" whiskey for example. . Wichman.
Lutgen & Co.. 2a-;U Battery st.. 3. F. •
"Out on the Deep" (Lohr), Lily
Holmes; cornet solo. "Ada Polka"
(Boos), Lucy "Witthoft; "Let Ma
Dream Again". (Sullivan). Mabel Wil
liams; "Song I Heard One Sunday
Morn," ladies' quartet (Marie Lands
man, Minnie Sawtelle, Jennie Rund
berg and Lily Holmes)- and McKenzla
Musical Society. . • ....
Part 2— '•Narcissus" (Nevin), Mc-
Kenzte Musical Society; "My Love Has
Gone a-Sailing" (Molloy), Ruth May
McKenzie; "Let Me Like a Soldier
Fall" (Wallace), George Abregoj "Ave
Maria" (Bach-Gounod), Mrs. Irene
Edmonds and McKenzie Musical Soci
ety; "Flower Girl." by request (Bevlg
nanl), Anna Stocklnger; "My Own
Dearest Boy" (McKenzie), Sidney
Hunn and Harry Simpkins; "Rose
Marie" (Molloy). Avit Lafaille; . par
ody, J. P. Faivre; march, "Uncle Sam
my" (Holzmann), arranged for cho
rus by McKenzie, McKenzie Musical
Society. . .^. •; • „ . .
"Following, is the programme:
Part 1 — Overture, orchestra; "A
Serenade" (Oliver), J. L. Hildebrand;
anvil chorus from "II Trovatore"
(Verdi), McKenzie Musical Society;
"Courage" (Petrie), H. J. Dorgeloh;
The members and patrons of the
McKenzie Musical Society will tender
their director John "W. McKenzie, a
grand testimonial concert at Native
Sons' Hall on Thursday evening, June
16. The concert will be given in ap
preciation of Mr. McKenzle's work
among the musical circles of the city.
Enthusiastic co-operation on the part
of his many friends is pledged to make
the affair a success. An admission of
25 cents will be charged. The com
mittee of arrangements consists of
John P. Faivre. Dr. L. C. Heller, Dr.
J. A. Klelser, Sidney Hunn, W. H.
Westerfeld, George Abrego, H. C.
Slmpkin8, Avlt Lafaille and H. J.
Dorgeloh.
Members and Patrons of Well Known
Musical Society Will Honor
Their Director.
TESTlMOXIAIi CONCERT
TO JOHN'/ W. McKENZIE
nett. From Woodburn. Or. — Gregory Belling.
From Seattle — R. L. Mackenzie. From Bos
ton, Masa. — Rev. W. B. Chapman.
KLAMATH SPRINGS: From San Francisco
— Bishop J. ' W. Hamilton and wife. Mis*
Hcl< lie Hamilton. Miss Frances Battclle, Mlas
Bertha Fllben. H. S. Jones, Arthur Fllben. R.
E. French. W. B. French. Charles F. Taylor,
W. H. Miller. Mrs.' F. Dunn. Miss A. MeAlIla
ter. From Sausallto — Mr. and Mrs. Edwin 8.
Tucker, two children and narse. From Ala
meda — Mrs. W. H. Stanley and daughter. From
Sacramento — R. H. McKalg. From. Padflc
Grove— Rev. -Thomas Fllben. From Los An
geles—Mrs. Charlotte H. Foster. H.. McWIl-
Hams Foster. Rev. John li. Pltner. From
Klamathon — Jacob' Isler. From Portland-
Fred Chapman. From Redding — Ed Rtebe. L.
M, Dennis. From Medford, Or. — Louis Bea-
AGUA CALIEXTE SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — William Weiss. Mr. and Mrs. J.
Fltzslmmons. Mr. and Mrs. J. Holts and
daughter. Jules Cherfayt. Joseph P. Chamber
lain. John P. O'Connell. George L. Burst. L.
A. Lowe, Mrs. L. A. Lowe, Mrs. A. Dolaml,
Mr. and Mrs. J. N. Welch, Mrs. William D.
McCarty, Mr. and Mrs. Wilkln. C. M. Bratnms
dorf. Dr. H. A. Fredrick. Alfred E. Hoffmann,
E. H. Hofmann. Leonard E. Hofmann. Mra.
S. ¦ M. Fearn, Miss A. Hudson, Mrs. Hudson,
Mrs. J. W. Ktns-, Miss N. Pierce, S. A.
Hughes. George A. Fearn. Thomas E. Kelly.
Miss Ruby Town. Mrs. S. Solomonson. P.
V.'heeUn. Mrn. George Erlckson, Mrs. Chris
Bornhnrd, Mra. C. H. Shaw. O. A. Sullivan,
Mr. and Mrs. M. Solomon. W. B.' Howard,
Mrs. E. Hartirann. William Hartmann, Mrs.
M. Cohn, J. Larson, N. Plath. Miss A. East
wood. From Sacramento— C. Peterson. From
Honolulu — Mr*. Kellogg. From Lo9 Angeles —
Mrs. E. Mullen. From Vallejo — Mrs. S. A.
Copper. " From San Rafael — F. K. Zork. From
Oakland — D. F. ' Connelly. From Eaut Oak
land — William Stone. From Sonoma — Mrs. E.
A. Ingram and daughter. From Canada — Mrs.
Dr. A. A. Mnclntyrc, Miss II. Maclntyre, Mau
rice Bondaux.
SOLID COMFORT HOME: From San Fran
cisco—Mr. and Mrs. A. Hausli, Alf Fischer,
K. Oelschleger. Miss Rosle M. Ruhland. Mr.
and Mrs. K. Zimmerman K. Schaeffer. Emil
¦VVagele. GeorKe Graul, ! Miss Catherlno
Luesche, "W. Kaufmann, Mr. and Mrs. R.
Finking. Maater R. Finking. From St. Louis —
K. Meyer, Miss Roste Meyer, Miss Amalle
Meyer.
CAMP VACATION: From San Francteco—
Miss J. Duffy. James A. Duffy. John Ack
mann. L. A. Dietrich. F. C. le Blount and
wife. "William H. Kenny, G. D. Curtis and
wife, Mr. and Mrs. H. R. Hurlbut. Jonn W.
McGec, Miss F. Lyon. Miss 1>. Arrall, Miss
F. Lynch, M. L. Ryan and wife, A. Hart
wick, John W'pdden, A. B. Plereon. Mr*. A.
B. Pler*on, Miss Dorothy Pleri>on. Leland 8.
Ramsdell. Alfred Schlevc. \V. Humphry, S. P.
Ellas, Miss Clara Rosenthal. Mrs. Martcarot
Evans. Lloyd Evans, Mrs. J. B. Agee. F. J. R.
Dawson. Mrs. F. J. It. Dawson and child,
J. G. Chesley and wife, E. Van Antwerp. A.
Rathray. A M. Booth and family. J. Morris
FoAer. F. W» Roskamp. A. S. La Month.
Peter J. Flndley. Ben C. Belden and wife, H.
H. Gregory. Mrs. J. Campbell, George M.
Campbell. Mildred Campbell. Mrs. S. Trach
man and children. From Santa Rosa— J. W.
Barrows. Mrs. J. W. Barrowa. Miss Barrows,
Miss Leah L. Barrowe, L. W. Burrls. Mrs.
L. W. Burris. Miss Lou Seawell Miss Millie
Mathews, X>. T- Wells. L. E. Ricksecker. From
Alameda — E. B. Carson, Mrs. E. B. Carson.
Miss Carson. From Honolulu — Mrs. C. J. de
Rosa and ehild, J. Kovlman.
ward Llchtenbergr, Miss Anna Culbertson, Mrs.
E. M. Hay. Miss E. Hay. J. S. Gutrtn. SIlM
Shilling, Miss J. E. Morrison. L>r. Ira B. D»l
ziel. Captain John N. Morong. U. S. N.. Mre.
John N. Moronic, Louia Lobenstein, 8. M. Me-
FaJden, Mrs. S. M. McFadden, Mrs. J. 8.
Clarke. G. \V. Bayreuther, MrB.. Bayr*uth«r.
Mlfrs Bayreuther, J. Emmet liayden. Mils V.
Connor. Patrick Connor. A. O. Huilschfir, Mm.
A. SinKhimer.' J. B. Moran. Miss Bertha Jones.
Mrs. James It. Morrison. Milton Morrison. M.
M. Heitensbur^er, Emllle White, nichard X
Mler. Mrs. Alice Black, Mrs. S. J. Mitchell.
H. E. Allen. Geonre H. Umraw, Dr. J. Her
bert Reevi»a, Mrs. Tompklns, W. S. McDowell.
E. C. Gilbert. Mrs. E. L. Llchtenberr. Miss
Kale Llchtenberg, rt. Lichtenbtrgr. J- M. Naas
man, William J. Sollmcn. Mrs. J. S. Morgan,
J. G. Doane. Mrs. J. O. I)oane. Mr*. C. L.
Ford. Mian Ford. Frofi Hanford— Mrs. E. I*
Motheral. Mra. Ralph Mutheral. G. Mothersil.
From Healdsburs — S. Meyer, Mrs. S. Meyer,
Miss Nora Terry, J. Hassett. From Oakland —
D. K. Penner. From Palo Alto — Mra. Rosetta
Fraser. From Santa Rita — Mr*. C. Bell.
From Han Rafael — Judge James Hayden. From
Dry Creek— Mrs. E. JY; Maland, Miss H. Wld
lur.d. From Santa Rosa — E. XV. Crawford.
Miss Emille /McDnnald. From New York —
G. G. Howlahd. From San Jose — MIm B-:*«Ie
McDousral (From Frultvale— V. M. Hegerty,
Dave HesTrty. From Edmonton, Canada —
Mra. Madntyre. Miss Maclntyre. From Paris,
France — Maurice Bondaux. From Alameda—
Mrs. J. SchloRS. Mrs. M. A. Wildasln. Miss
Ruby Schlos*. Joe Schloss. From Guerne
vllle—J. Henses, W. Smith.
fenrtein. William J. Paulln, Mrs. Mary C.
Paulln, West Hoboken. N. J.: A. Korbel. Miss
Martha. Korbel. MIfs Elma. Korbel. Mrs. Leo
CAMP CURRY. Yos«mlte — Ralph Norton, A.
P. Hermann. Georee Douglass. San Francisco;
Dr. Holbrook Shaw, S. P. Brown. Plymouth,
Ma5s. ; Mrs. J. F. Rodener. Miss Rodener,
Philadelphia. Pa.; Mrs. J. G. Tawllsky, San
Francisco; T. Harrowar. South Africa; E. 8.
Oreen, Sydney. Australia: Dr. GIbbs. I. H.
Cocks, Mr.. Mrs. and Miss G. G. Holmes.
New Zealand: MIfs Wallace, England: R. L.
McWllliara. Berkeley, CaL: Charles Thomas,
Sutler Creek. Cal.: E. F. Taylor. Grass Val
ley. Cal : Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Markies, San
Jore, Cal: Herbert Smith. Loa Angeles. Cal.:
Mr. and Mrs. C W. Harmon. C. W. Harmon
Jr.. New Rochelle. N. Y.: L. O. Eldridge,
Farroington. Obio; Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Hef-
The country la calling. Th« resorts in
the mountains and at the seashore are
entertaining- gay parties of guests,
many -of whom ¦will remain through
the eeason in Quest of rest and pleas
ure^ which, by the way, is to be had
for the asking in California, where the
days and nights are likened only to
those of the Riviera.
• • . •
HOTEL DEL MONTE^ — David Patton. G. W.
Webber. Ne« York; Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Col
lins, C. W. Ha-uthuret, M. Meyer. Camilla
Meyer, Captain A. Swansoa. Ttoomai Mul
cueen J. V. Coleman. Mr. and Mr». W. P.
Burgess. R. A. Donaldson. Miss Donaldson,
Miss Chase. C O. FolUs. William O'Connor.
George Lewis San Francisco; Mlas Mary B.
Hancock, Iowa: Mrs. W. E. Darrle. Mlsa Dar
cle, Oakland; Mr. Wlnterfeld. H. O. Vlessen.
Germao: Mrs. Foster, Dr. Mills. Australia;
Mr. Morawetz Mr. Oberwatw, Wien; Baron
HofenfeU, Mr.'Probst. Munich; Dr. Wlnd«cker.
Berlin: Mr. Stauf, Germany; Mr. JShrensahl,
Mr. Knledche. Berlin; Mrs. Charles R, Vin
cent, Miss Cohn. Mr. and Mr». H. W. Caster.
New Tork: G. W. F. Swartzell, Washington.
D C; H C. Murphy. 6allnas; Mrs. F. A. Hol
jr.an Mrs Josiah Stanford Miss Stanford.
Miss' L. K. AJlyne, Mrs. HavHand. Mrs. Cald
well and child Mr. and Mrs. A. Arendt. J.
H. Lewii. H. A. Jerome. Mrs. K. R. Slmpklns.
San Francisco: Mra. J. Levy, Oakland; Mrs.
J. D Lawman, Seattle; Mr.' Wlscotts, Mr.
Klaiuroth. Berlin; Mr. and Mrs. TV. H. Bal
lacc*. Paoria; Mr. and Mrs. -C. H Harding.
Mlu Hartlng. Mr. and Mrs. F. w. Tunneil.
Vaster TunneJl. Philadelphia; Mr. and Mrs.
H. Gold. Redwood Falls; AT G. Harvey,
J A. Henner. H. Franklin. Warren S. Reid.
San Francisco; Mrs. A. A. Taft. J. W. Coffin.
Dr G. Downey and Mrs. Downey and boy Mr.
and Mra. J J. Kenney. Mr. and Mrs. J. M.
Buckley New Tcrk; A. L. Bell. Ireland; Mr.
Per.nydeck and Misa I'ennydeck, Scotland; Ma-
IOC and Mrs. Kendal. Fifteenth Infantry. U.
H A.; Mr and Mr». Franklin Burton. Con
necticut; ilr. and Mrs C. S. Mutter. Ver
mont; Miss Maxy E. Holt. Boston; Mr. aad
Mrs. H. P. MagilU Chicago; Mrs. 8. TV. Bar
thelU Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Klrby. New York;
S A. Barthell. New Jeney: Mr. and Mrs. J.
C^ Ferguacn. M!ss Simons. San Francisco; W.
B Townsend of the Denver and Kio Grande
Kaliroad; Mr. and Mrs. D. M. Scott. Scotland;
Mrs L. Bryact Hill and daughter of Balti
more- Charles H Webb, SeatUe; Mr. and Mrs.
G. F Dory. Santa Monica; Mrs. E. F. Stafford.
Fall ' River. Mass.; Mrs. Edwin Henderson,
Pennsylvania; Mr. and Mrs. H. Shlandeman.
Pasadena; J. D. Lowman. Seattle; C. P.
Smith. Rev. E. Bradley. Mr. and Mrs. H» H.
CdUer. Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Schultz. Mr.
and Mrs. A. W Wilson the Misses Besele and
Bernlee Wilson. Mr. and Mrs. B. L. Marks,
Ban Francisco: Mrs. R. A. Cutler. Denver;
Mr and Mrs. F. L. Clark Berkeley: Mr. and
Mrs. R. R. Dunn. Alameda: Mrs. Henry Co
burn Mis* Coburn. Mrs. W. R, Linn. Miss
Dorothy Linn, Dwig-ht Linn, T. H. Sheets,
Chicago: Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mansfield,
Ohio: Mr. and Mrs. Emory Miller and child.
Iowa; Mnu B. F. Sheets. Illinois.
¦ » ¦
Korbel, Ban Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. E. J.
Abrams Hewlett*. N. Y.; Dr. W. R> CIune*s,
Mrs. W. it Cluness, Miss M. Clum-ss, San
Francisco: Miss R. Thompson, Palo Alto,
Cal.; Miss E. Miller Stanford University. Cal.;
G. M. 'Wasted. E. H. Moonhouse, Portland. Or. ;
Charlea Deaker. Priests Station; F. D. Ellis,
Portland. Me.; John B. MacCallum and John
W. Basave. Berkeley; O. M. Adams, Oakland;
Hugh J. Furneauk. Sierra Madre; Mr. and
Mrs. J. A. Shaw and Miss H. Shaw, Ferndale;
H. R, McCllntock. Bummerfleld, Ohio; Mr. and
Mrs. C. M Solarl and Mrs. Solarl. San'Fran
eisoo: Mrs. M. L. Hart. Los Angeles; Miss
S. Burnham. Stanford University; L. A. da
Grott, Sacramento: J. Morgan Reed. AUantlo
City. N. J.; Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Halnes. At-
IaiiUc Highlands. N. J.; Mr. and Mrs. J. H.
Franklin. Heightstown. N. J.; Mr. and Mrs.
B. Patterson, Woodstown, N. J.; Wellington
FrizzeUe. Rock Island. 111.; Mrs. A. H. Neff,
Bradford. Vt.: Miss E. E. Lewis, and F. W.
Lewis. Brattleboro, VC; Mr. and Mrs. W. G.
Richardson. Springfield, Mass.; W. W. Martin.
New York City: C. F. Rlos and Miss L. O.
Rice. Springfield, Mass.; C. K. Thrane. Ala
meda; J. H. Thrane. San Francisco; William
S. White. Los Angeles; H. L. Nagel, San
Francisco; B. C Case, daughter and son, John
Rc«g« and George Roege, Chicago; Miss E.
Raymond, Barton. Mass.; Mr. and Mrs. J. S.
Hermanns, Fresno; Miss J. A. Bins, Elyria,
Ohio; U. P. McHenry and Mrs. U. P. Mc-
Henry. Point Richmond ; Miss Ida Kler, San
Bernardino: H. R. Burroughs. New York City;
Mr. and Mrs. D. A. Green, San Francisco;
John A. J. Whlpple, Waukegan, I1L; Mrs. E.
C Holmes aad M. E. Holmes Palo Alto; Mrs.
D McLaren and Mis* McLaren, Alameda:
Ctarles L. Taj'lor, Ban Francisco; Mr. and
Mrs Ogden Botiomjo and child, Sacra
mento: Mrs. L. Nevlns. Vallejo: Mr.
and Mrs. N. J. Hickman, San Francisco:
Mr. and Mrs. KlrMiam Wright. Miss J. L.
Wright. Miss M. F. Wright. San Francisco;
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Howland. Miss H. O. How
land, Kinsley. C*l.; Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Whar
ttn Jr. Oakland. Cal.; C. F. Moulthrop C. C.
Moulthrop. Alameda: A. B. McNltt. Mllroy.
Pa.; Oeorge L. Alexander, Mrs. George L.
Alexander, San Francisoo: Miss T Robinson,
Clorerland. Ind. ; Miss O. Morrison. Sharon,
Pa, : G. Voorblee, Boston. Mass. • Mr. and Mrs.
W. Offenbach' Sacramento. Cal.: Mr. and Mrs.
J R. Sloan. Alameda. Cal.: W. L. PatUani.
Oakland. Cal.; J. H. Gamett, San Francisco;
John Herbert Cox. England; Mr. and Mre.
William M. de Wolf. San Francisco: W. M.
Wass. Miami. Cal.: Harrison Wa»s. West Vlr
frtnia; Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Colbath. Miss Alice
B. Hulse San Francisco: A. T. Cate. Boston;
I. P. Wilson. Mrs. I. P. Wilson, A. J. Wilson.
John W. MeColoch. Isaak McColoch. Sonora ;
B. F. Heam and wife. Crawford. N. Y.; A. S.
Wilson. Baltimore. Md.; W. L Rider. South
Norwalk. Conn: T. Hammermls. Prague, Aus
tria; Mr. and ¦ Mrs. E. L. Packs, At
lanta, Ga-: W. . H. Burns, Chicago,
Ills.; M. W. Emrick. E. M. Emrick, Sha
mokln. Pa.; T. A. Sayre. Newburgh, N Y;
Dr and Mrs. C. H. Miller. Mr. and Mrs. O. J.
Lynch. San Leandro. Csi.; E Wold, Oakland;
A. Felnhert and wife. Sacramento. Cal.: Mre.
W. G. Hanson. Pasadena, Cal.: D. L. Clark,
J. L. Clark, San Francisco: Miss Williams,
Oakland. Cal.; Mrs. H. E. Hoag. San Fran
cisco; Mrs. Charles Hoops; Miss E. B. Hoops,
Chicago. III.: Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Phlfer. Den
ver Colo.: Mr. and Mrs. G. F. Colby, To
ledo. Ohlp; G. Wean. Australia; E. B. Ross,
J. N. Ross, Chicago, 111.: A. P. Savage. 8. M.
Grimes. Fheboygan. Wls.; William L. Brock.
Toronto. Can. ; Arthur Hind. New York. N. Y. ;
O. L. Workman England: S. Greenland. O.
A. Greenland. London. England: Mlns Bertha
Greenthal. New York; Mrs. A. G. Sherry and
¦on. N. B. Sherry. Troy. N. Y.; E. L. Wax
ham. Miss M. E. Waxhaml Chicago. 111.; Miss
Mary E. Hodge. San Francisco; G. C. Cheney.
Pueblo. Colo.: Miss C. E. Cheney, San Fran
cisco; R.G. Moore, Springfield. Mass.; A. Ma
gee. Holyoke. Mass.; E. Walsh, Sacramento,
Cal.; M. Reed, Dr. and Mrs. O. L. Eddy,
Fall River. Mass.": R. Griffith, Syracuse. N.
Y.; A. B. Williams. Santa Barbara, Cal.: J.
F. Calloran. A. H. Calloran, L. F. Halloray,
San Francisco; A- W. Harris, Malvem, O.; Mr,
and Mrs. H. Goodman. Sydney, N. S. W.;
EL CARMELO HOTEL. Pacific Grove: From
San Francisco — E. T. Willis, Bessie Camlch,
Miss E. M. Camlch. T. C. Faster, Mrs. Lena
Cohn, Mrs. Sophie H. Harris, J. A. Henner,
Miss E. McCornlck Mrs. Jack Marley. R. G.
Newell. A. F. Fairweather, J. V. Sweeney,
James Byrne. A. G. Hennlsch. J. M. Lttch
fleld and family, E. J. Brown, S. E. Kallscheer,
F. J. Meckfessel. E. J. Jackson. Havland M.
Jores. W. W. Hunt and wife. Banford WUf,
J. A. Rothchlld. From Los Angeles — Mrs. J.
Frlsdale. From Stanford University — V. L.
Kellogg, Professor C. F. Gilbert. From Hol-
SODA BAY. Lake County: From San Fran
cisco — Mr. and Mrs. P. H. Lacey, Mrs. Slg
Simon, Otto Braunsdorf, Miss Keefe, Miss.Des
mond. Mrs. B. H. Plummer, Mr. and Mrs.
M. W. Plummer, Dr. J. N Curragh, Mr and
Mrs James Otis. Miss Cora Otis, Miss Frederlca
Otis, Mrs. and Mlns- Hawkins, P. E. Lenfestey,
Miss Madge Cleary. Philip "Melsky, F. H.
Trower. August Vetter, M. Monasch, Mr, and
Mrs. Desepta, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hawke,
R. M. Taylor, W. Perkins, Sam Staley. Mr.
and Mrs. F. A. Marrlot, Harry Debar, WH
ltam Bogul, Mr. Barrett; Judge Lament, Sul
sun; Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Coryell. Menlo Park;
George McMaster, Oakland: Paul E. Millar,
Ben S. Allen, Frances Wolfenburg, Stanford:
Mrs. C. N. Rowell. Percy E. Rowell, Berkeley;
Mr. and Mrs. V. Moore, Miss Moore, Alameda;
E. M. Wlnshlp, Napa: L. S. Hoyt, Pennsylva
nia; M. Wambold, Captain Atherton, Lake
port: Mr. and Mrs. Humphrey, Hoberg's Re
sort: Mr. and Mrs. Frank Herr, A. A. Allen,
Highland Springs. - - ,
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN, Ben Lomond:
Mr. and Mrs. J. Frledlander: Edgar F. Gee,
Oakland; Dr. and Mrs. F. M. Morse and child,
Oakland; Mrs. Homer Craig. Miss Behan, Ma
dame de Wolfe. Mrs. M. Shaughnessy. Kirk
'Allen. Harry Creswell. Mr.' and Mrs. William
Metzner. Stuart ver Mehr, Mr. and Mrs. L.
Oeborn, Miss Clara O«born, Willie Osborn,
Charles W. Osbom, Mr. and Mrs. William
Kaufmann. Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Bridge, Mil
ton Andre*: W. H. Lamb. Santa Cru»; Henry
Ohlanat, Mrs. N. Ohlanat. Mrs. F. M. Ames,
Lawrence Gray. F. H. Ames. Mrs. F. H.
Ames. Dr. H. E. Alderson. William H. Alder
son. B. A. Heron. Dudley Heron, A. C. Rich
ards. Oakland; Miss Maybelle Smith, Miss
Ethel M. Hampton.
SARATOGA SPRINGS: From San Francis
co—B. Gilbert. D. Pllster. H. Hlllgen, Charles
Banes, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Clausson, Henry
Behlmer. Donald Macmillan, William Rohrs,
L. Mar.n, A. H. de Gulre. From Oakland —
Henry Wlcklng. Master Willie Wlcklng. From
Sioux City. Iowa— N. Bradford. Charles 8.
Brown. From Omaha, Nebr. — John Buttler, P.
Burns. From North Platte, Nebr. — A. L.
Clark. From Los Angeles — M. T. Adams.
N. A. Fuller, New York; Mrs. a. A. Harvey.
Providence. R. L; Earl C. Dart, Tonopeh,
Nev.; T. E. Stephenson, Inglewood, Cal.; W.
J. Alien and wife. H. J. Tlllman. Mrs. H. W.
Chymae, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. A. B.
Cory. Acampo, Cal. ; F. Bammann, - Henry J.
Juchter, San Francisco; W. Ingram. Oakland;
R. Falford, San Francisco; R.' Mercer. PltU
burg, .Pa.; Miss Mary Corbet, Miss Sadla Cor
bet, Miss Helen Corbet, Menlo Park, Cal.; C.
R. Havlghurst. Fladlay. Ohio; R. H. Pooler,
Chicago. 111.; W. G. Robinson, Marysvllle,
Ohio; T. H. CampbeJL Toledo, Ohio; F. -F.
Sewall, Chicago, 111. ; J. H. P. Atkins, Miss
D. Virginia Atkins. Oakland, Cal.: Miss G.
Elsie Atkins, San Francisco; O. C. Atkins,
England; D. Atkins. Sonora, Cal.; Miss A.
JtfTerson. Oakland, Cal.; P. U. Mlllberry. San
Francisoo; L. A. Belt. Ada, Ohio; Thomas
Campbell. Toledo. Ohio; W. F. Derby, Napa,
Cal.; Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Wright, New York;
G. W. Renner. Columbus, Ohio; Cory C. Led
yard, Los Angeles, Cal.; L Morris, Bedding,
Mich.; L. de Lamarter, Lanslmr. Mich.: Mrs.
6. Bennett, Miss A. Bennett, Waukegan. 111.;
Mrs. S. P. Klrby, Miss M. Klrby, Alameda.
Cal.; Miss E. Persons, Mies 6. L. Graras, L.
Unmelster. Chicago, 111. ; Mr. and Mrs. M. S.
Wileon, Elko, Nev. ; A. R. Anglersson, San
Francisco; J. E. EUegcod, Miss Ellegood,
Maryland. .
AETNA SPRINGS: From San Francisco— I
Franklin Ellis, Eugene Unger. Miss Maude
Owens, Carl H. Schmidt. Miss Elsie H. Seng
utack, Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Russ. Miss Linda*
Russ. Master Inyo Ruri, R. Maertina, H. P.
Slmme. Fred J. RIccoml. R. Maertlns. O. W.
Branson, H. Alakk. From Yokohar-a — Gladys
Howard. From Cloverdale — Charles A. Law
ley. From Bt. Helena— D. H. Campbell. Miss
M. Scott, G. P. Benvle G. W. Schmidt. C.
H. Greenfield, T. Algernon Elwell. From
Chicago— John L. Hoffman and wife. Mies
Alma Hoffmann, Master Johr H. Hoffmann.
From Piedmont — Mrs. I..L. Requa, MIbs Long,
Miss Sally Long. From Berkeley. Mr, and
Mrs. J. H. Wright. Homer Wright. Mrs. M.
E. Painter. From Swingle Station— Q; K.
Swirglc From Woodland— A. W. North,
Miss North, Miss Craig. From New York —
Miss Hyde. From Napa— Noble Davis, Charles
Martin. From Dawron, Alaska — J. N. En
right. From Oakland— W. 11. Jones, D. K.
Renner. From Lomltas — F. Slevers and wife,
Miss Lomita Slevers.
• ? ' • "V 4 .'r ; ,"
ZEIGLER HOT SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — Mrs. J. F. McGeough. Mrs. J. Buckley,
J. Todd. George A. Smith. A. S. Archer. Wil
liam E. Dlnan and wife, -William J. Dlnan,
Di H. Coyne, R. L. Ingham. J. H. Krebs,
W. H. Cameron, Charles Blender and wife, :
Victor Blender. Ad B. Lang. Mtas Jennie-
Crowley. James McGowan and wife. Jack Kel
ler J. Michaels, Jack Crowley. Dave Crowley'
and wife. Cliff Kellner, Robert J. Smith, A.
Green, Abe Jacobs. Mark.Jakobs. Mixs M. B. I
Blythe. A. J. Mogan and wife Ed Van Prag
and wife. Roy Hughes, E."B. Smith and .wife, }
H. Lorentzen and wife/ Mrs. H. Michaels,
Miss Rita Michaels. Mrs. Marie Coan, William!
M. BurnesB, R. Herring John D. ¦ Sullivan,
Sam Berger, T. S. Ferguson. Ed Lacey. Miss
Ev» Marshall, Harry Edwards. Miss Edith
Mason. Frank ¦ Duncan. From* Oakland — N. .
Delbanco. Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Cavasso, Mrs. '
W. D. Watson, Jamea J. Healy.F. J. Wallace,
E. E. Baxter. From Vallejo— J. F Ktlpatrlck,
F. L. Kelly. From Napa— Hon. Theo A. Bell,
Edward Stone. - - '
• ¦....• • " -
1.TTTON- SPRING 8: From San Francisco—
A. Hockwald. Mrs. Hockwald. L. Hockwald,
Mr.' and Mrs. William Llchtenberg, Miss Llch- |
tenbert, ( Mlsa ' Helen' Lichtenberg, Master Ed- >
HOTEL BEN LOMOND: From San Fran
cisco—Walter J. Cathie. Edward M. Bray. Mr
and Mrs. K. M. Dahl. Mr. and Mrs Adolph
Goldburg, W. A. Halstcad. J. B. Halstead L
Schlater, Charles Specht. Howard Q. Parish.
A Backer, Miss L. V. Becker. H. Blumberg.
Thomas W. Johnson, W. J. White, Fred T.
Jerner, M. E. Deraonceau, Theodore Dtmon
c*au. Mrs. J. M. Peterson, P. A. Peterson.
Allen 1 P. Joy. Fred H. Flnke and son, James
Watt, Dr. M. E. Brook. Charles Bundschu and
wife, Ralph Bundschu. W. .St. Pierre H
Mortenson and wife, J. T. Sullivan Jr.. M a!
Frank. Miss M. A. Stewart, Phil Frledlander
Mrs. H. Dunham. W. C. Frahm. A. H. Kan
George W. Bchlndele. Mr. and Mrs. C. M
Mann. James Rolph. Miss Rolph. Mrs. R.
Hind. Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Ames Mrs. Ames.
Mrs. N. Ohlondt. II. W. "Ohlandt. From Oak
land—W. H. Bucholz. Mini Denlson, R. B
Ayer, A. W. Baker. C. B. Judd. F. W. Rounth
walte and wife. Mrs. M. Sterling, Dr. and
Mrs. G. Lllllancranu. H. J. Taggart, H.
Abrahamson. Mrs. Abrahamson. From Ala
meda—B. S. McFarland. From Hanford—
Edith Anderson. Ruth Chadwlck, Jeanne Hef
ton. From San Jose — Miss Inez Covert. J. L.
Buell. From Berkeley— T. M. Putnam and
wife. v
BARTLETT SPRINGS: From San Francisco
— A. Bchulre, Mr. and Mrs. Philip Miller, L. U
Morgan, D. M. Reavfe/ Mr. and Mrs J H.
Bennett. Miss Lottie Bennett, Mr. and Mrs.
R. M. Mastick, W. H. Baker, N. Holmer,
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Brown, Charles Monahan.
James C. Sims. H. B. Cockrlll Thomas Crow
ley. M. J. Friedman. Mrs. A. Hochheimer,
Miss Elsie Hochheimer, Mrs. Fremont Older,
Miss Virginia Brastow, Ward McAllister, Mr.
and Mrs. H. N. Cauwet. Misses Rene and
Camille Cauwet. August Blanchard. C. Zaska.
From 8acramentn — A. Angell. Mrs. Etta P.
ElUott. G. W. Watson. George F. Furman,
Mr. and Mrs. F. V. Allen, G. Dellozro. Her
man W. Grau. J. M. Condrer. II. K. Johnson.
From Oakland — Mrs. " Charles 8. Houghton.
MI»s Ruth Hcughton,. J. 11J Breen. From San
Jot* — Mr. and Mrs. P. W Stewart. J P
Norton. From D«tnsmu!r— Mr. nnd Mrs 3.
H. Turner, Miss Turner, Miss Mary Jacobs,
John McCarthy, Nevada City: W. I,. Ted.'.Til
Williams: Mr. and Mrs. Theodore Miller. Me-
Cloud; Mr* and Mrs. Laubcnhelmer. Alameda:
C. Fleckner. Vallejo; Samuel Robinson an<l
wife. Napa; D. HuRhosi. "Berkeley: A. W.
Lockey. Virelnln City: E. S. Beadles, San
Diego; Andrew Schmidt. Cordelia.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS HOTEL: From
San Francisco — W. Belti. W. F. Upham, H.
F. Matlson. C. Conlan and wife, P. Ryan,
Henry Bohls. Thomas Klrkpatrlck and wife,
C. M. Leavy, A. M. Willis and wife. Mrs. N.
Foster. Miss O'Connor. Miss Kuehn, Mrs. B. C.
Halltnr. H. M. Papst. J. R." Trice, H. U
A. Bates. L. S. Martel. C. J. Stovel. Charles
Stork, Mr. and Mrs. A. Silverbenr, Mr. and
Mrs. Max Schwabacher. John Munford, F. L.
Stow, Henry J. Rogers. H. Roman, L. Auker,
Sam Spalch, George J. Golcovlch, Hugo O.
Pohelm. Dr. Joseph F. Pohelm. Leo Bokivlta
and wife. E. E. Peobody, Mrs. Peabody, B. F.
Merchant. Mrs. C. F. Stark. Miss Merchant,
Eugene S. Watson, Mrs. Watson. Tony Nich
ols. Mead Hamilton. Miss Mabel Dodge. P. E.
Erlckson. Charles P. Brant. Mrs. A. Rothberg.
Mrs. B. Rafael, Mrs. J. F. Jackson. Mrs. de
Courcy, I. Nelson. P. O. Millarlon, A. O.
Morrison, Mr. and Mrs. Hausfeld. W. H.
Hoozs.- Mies Edna Llppman. W. A. Mackay.
P. H. McDonald. A. J. Slmonds. Fred Peter
son, P. A. McDonald, Mrs. C. M. Leavy, M.
A. Rasken. Colonel C. H. Maddox. From Oak
lard — A. W. Bessey and wife. Ernest Slsson.
Effle Slsson, Dr. W. Sisscn and wife,
Mrs. J. F. Kelley, Miss Reta Kelly, A B.
Simon. Mr. and Mrs. C. O. G. Miller. Miss
Leslie Miller. Master Bob Miller and nurse.
Wales L. Palmer, Miss Evelyn Craig. Dr. and
Mrs. CD. Gilman. W. L. Palllanl. Fred
Edpeeomb. From Haywards-^M. . J. de Slg
uelro. Joseph Marcus I/elchandre, From Fres
no — Mrs. Truman O. Hart, Miss Jule C How
ard.; ; From Carters— Archie Scott." From Tur
'lock — Clarence Johnson. From Eusanvllle —
Mrs. Fannie Knochr From Stockton— Lewis
E. Hall, Mrs. Charles Haas. From Keawlck—
Jc-hn Brennan. Froro^ Danavllle — John Sher
burn." ' Frohi ' Dublin— Mr. and Mrs.- J. C.
Smith, G. L. Smith. From Keriwi L. De
pantl. T. W.; Craig. From Pleasanton— C. L.
Powell, WUIIma Napier. From Antloch— L.
LlvlngKton, MIm Wlnnte Bassett. W. W. Bih
hane, Mt»s' Frances' Kearney.- From Mission
Ban Jofo — Jru> Kseobar. ¦ Manuel • Suzler. From
Lo» Anseies — James D; Schuyler and wire.
Mrs. W. F. Edgar. From Merced— Mrs. Frei
tas. From Honolulu, II. I.— W. H. Hook*.
Prince J. Kalanlaol«», A. G. M. Robertson. W.
F. Robinson, E. A. Knudson, R. McBrlde.
From New Tork— Frank C. Hatch. From
Norfolk, Nebr.— F. M. Slsnon. From Vlr*
(rtnla City, Nev.— J. T. Washington. From
Pan Felipe — J. F. Dunne and wife. From
Carbonado. Wash — J. W. Davis.
PAR AISO SPRINGS: From San Francisco-
Mrs. James McMahon, Madle McJlahun, Uus
McMahon, Charles E. Ulbbs and son. Ed
Shuntenhaus and wife, Ethel A. Curlett, Mr.
and Mrs. A. A. Schnleder and daughter. A.
Alexander, Mlns Alma Mcllenry, Mrs. E. M.
Elliott. Eddie Lynn William McNaughton,
Miss Rena T-vnn, Mm. William Lynn. Sue A.
Gordon. Mrs. William Andrews. Mrs. C, B.
Dean, Ktlth K. Dean. John Baley. J. J. Llal,
Mr. Coley and wife. Miss Emma Grennlnger.
J. E. B. Hebbard and wife, O. J. Roca and
wife and child, Charles E. Hart. Mrs. Matthew
Nunan. From San Mateo — Geonre E. McVcy,
Ben Race. Thomas F. Uurke. From Sacra
mento—Mrs. J. H. Whlted, Mrs. F. A. Kelton.
Miss Zena Glery. From Paso Robles — Fr#d
Blackburn. From, Soledad— Joe Bltutlman. S.
Gould. K. F. Stelielman. From Oakland—
G. J. Klnr. Miss Carrie Slhall. Mrs. Shatluck.
Miss Jones. From Salinas — J. J. Connor, Mrs.
S. B. Gordon. B. V. Sargent, Mrs. Sargent,
Bradley Sargent, Stanley Sargent, James Sar
gent, Miss Dougherty, S. Hauser. From Mon
terey— S. C. Coscy, H. M. J. Chroter, Mr.
Prlnx. From Irvlnicton— E. A. Grant. From
San Jose — Gus W. Rice. From Alameda — Mr.
and Mrs. Duveneck. Hans Duveneck, EUa
Duveneck.- Emma Duveneck, Dora Duveneck.
Louise Duvc^ncck. •
LAUREL DELL: From San Francisco — J.
E. Dodge, W. E. Staley. E. C. Gilbert. O. V.
Bune. F. X. Mayer, J. fc>. Parley, Samuel Da
vis, Mrs. Ellen Davis. John Cassldy. Mrs. M.
Hume. James W. Ellen, Howard J. Fried
lander, Kittle E. Rouse, John Hansen. 8. W.
Culln. James D. Pike, Mr and Mrs. Otis,
Cora Otis, Frederlca Otis, Ernest Reed, J. 8.
Compton, D. IS. Hanes, MIbh Ada B. Cohen.
Mies Mlgnette Cohen, Mrs. D. Cohen, J. E.
Smythe. M. Offer, C. M. Alexander, J. U.
Mejtr, W. C. Schneider, F. A. Jacob. Mrs.
Fred A. Jacob. Mrs. Q. A. Boyer. E. Math
ews. From Sacramento — Grace Hendrtcks,
Nellie Henderson, Ruby Akers. Ludwlff Dorn.
Virgil Kyle, William Johnston. From Los
Anreles— J. E. Burke, \larry Palmer, S. J.
Roberts. Mrs. J. Larseff. From Oakland —
Howard Carney. W. H. Miller. Mrs. B. Buck
nell, Miss H. E. Brower, Vane Thornton.
lister— Mrs. C. M. Hawkins. Richard Crow.
From Sacramento— Mr. and Mrs. Charles Van
Vader. From Mountain View — Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Klrkwood and maid. From Pasadena —
Mr. and Mrs. Dr. A Tenser. From Oakland—
H. M. Hall Jr. and wife, Wlckham Havens,
wife and children, Katherlne E. Rich. From
Chicago — Mrs. B. B. Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. J.
M. Irons. William Kerr and wife. From
Springfield. MasH. — Charles F. Rice Laura O.
Rice, W t. Richardson and wife. From Mad
ison, N. C— C. V. Grlsmor and wife, E. P.
Stevens and wife. From Albany. N. V.— E.
P. Stevens, C. Z. Lincoln and wife. From
Dalton, Mass.— Edwin Denser. From North
Adams, Mass. — W. H. Sperry and wife. From
Kalamazoo. Mich. — M. M. Collen and wife,
A. F. Horn and wife. From Valparaiso, Mont.
— D. M. Wood and wife, W. E. Carpenter aad
wife. From South Bend, Ind.— John A. Max
well and wife. From Pamsvllle. Ohio— Mr.
and Mrs. Harley Barnes and daughter. From
New York— S. Karl Taylor and wife, W. Scott
Curtis. From Helena Mont.— Mrs. E. Sharp
and Miss Sharp. From Milwaukee. Wls.— II.
Romer and wife. From Boston — Mrs. I. N.
Loveland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1904.
WHERE SUMMER GIRLS LINGER
38
' APVEBTISKTYTETfTa
-
¦BBBBBHBESBBBBBBBBiaiBBBBBBIBEIBaHHnaflsaB9IIl]
jj ..At» The Pacific
1 1 29c on the Dollar
g 10 more cases of CLOAKS and SUITS
g from a bankrupt New York manufactur-
| er, and the balance of our own stock
g MUST BE SOLD THIS MONTH : : :
| The Greatest Slaughter of Prices Ever Known.
"; i ¦ FOR. PRICES SEE SUNDAY EXAMINER
a Wholesale Manufacturers ;JJ
u 1142-1146 Market St. '
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
Mri. Dr. A. W. TRAVERSE. ne« LOI3 GRAY.
Donoh&e buHdlnz. 1170 Market St.. cor. Taylor,
rooms 23-29. with the electric needle; perm-
anency guaranteed: hoars 1 to 4 p. m.
: / ITEWMAN & LEVIN'SOX. ' ¦
/ Mall Orders, TV P^ .g '¦$ iW # " We Aim To
Particular *" df^J >_ Entirely
Attention Kearny and Sntter Sts. . satisfactory
Store Opens S.SO Ji. M.. Closes S.SO P. M.
Clearance Sale of Ladies' Suits
THE OPPORTUNITY OF THE SEASON
CChii* ItMr Xcsr»7 St.) '. ..
The greatest Suit values ever offered thiSyOr any other season await you here to-morrow.
Artistically tailored Suits, made of Cheviots, Brilliantines, Pancy Mixtures, etc. — Beautiful,
stylish, up-to-date garments of such merit and high quality as are seldom found in special sales
— all marked for Monday's selling regardless of cost or former selling prices:
LADIES' SUITS, FORMERLY SOLD AT |».W and $25.00 A'SUIT, N0W....S1S.5O
LADIES' SUITS, FORMERLY SOLD AT *30.00 and $32.50 A SUIT, NOW.... $22.50
LADIES' SUITS, FORMERLY SOLD AT |35.00 and $38.00 A SUIT, NOW... .$27.50
LADIES' SUITS, FORMERLY SOLD AT $42.00 and $45.00 A SUIT, NQW....$S2.5O
cAN EXTRAORDINARY SALE OF
HANDSOME SILK WAISTS
To-morrow we offer three groups of handsome Silk Waists, probably two hundred in all, at away
below regular prices. They are made of the most popular Silks, such as Peau de SoieandLouisines,
and in the finer group of Crepe de Chine and Messaline — many beautifully tucked, others elab-
orately trimmed with lace, in the latest effects. All are in the most fashionable colors, suitable for
evening wear, also white and black. Divided for to-morrow's selling into three groups as follows :
$ 6.50 SILK WAISTS, ON SALE AT $4.50
$12.60 SILK WAISTS, ON SALE AT $6.50
$15.00 SfLK WAISTS, ON SALE AT $7.50
Sale of Good Bed Pillows
(Second Floor Ketray St.)
BED PILLOWS— made of good quality feathers, with no BED PILLOWS— filled with selected live goose feathers,
quills and no dust — size 22 x 28 inches — weight 3K lbs. guaranteed perfectly odorless— size 22x28 ins. — weight
and covered with figured and striped tick- a 4 -, c jX lbs- * c° v «e d with best grade of ticking. *-, nft
ings. Special at, each yl,ZO . Exceptional value at, each
Ruffled Swiss Curtains
Attractively Priced For To-morrow
(Second Floor Sntter St.)
About 200 pairs of these Ruffled Swiss Curtains go on sale .Dainty Ruffled Swiss Curtains — some. kre
Monday. They are specially desirable for , bed-room * plain, others inneat dot effects — all 3 yards long and
windows; 3 yards long and already hemmed *^ rtft hemmed ready for rod; on sale, while ci -7c
to slip on rod; special, per pair quantity lasts, at per pair
Bathing Suits for Ladies, Gents and Children
EXCEPTIONAL VALUES MONDAY AND TUESDAY
(Third Floor Kearny St.)
FOR LADIES— Alpaca Bathing Suits, in black, navy, FOR MISSES— Bathing Suits of navy blue Serge, with
blue or red, with rolling or sailor collar, trim- <»*> Crv red sailor collar, trimmed with white braid, «tt 7C
med with white braid; special, per suit I>Z.!>U no better value ever offered at, per suit. ...... «pl.O
FOR GENTS— One-piece Wool Bathing Suits, In * 1 >a c FOR BOYS— One-piece Cotton Bathing Suits, in Cft
black, navy or red, with neat stripes; fine value «pl»-*^ black or navy blue— excellent value, per suit OUW
Shirt Waist Silks |want£d| Outing Blankets
(First Floor Kftmy st.) QATP^T ATYTF^ At Very Low Prices.
We have just added some charming OAX^c^auxco (second Floor sutter st.)
new Silks to our already very large and Experienced In Gloves, Blankets, made of white or gray cotton,
magnificent assortment. Everything that Hosiery, Underwear, extra heavy and large sfze, special at
is really new and desirable for Shirt • Art Needlework, $1.25 a /Pair '
Waist Suits, in checks, stripes, figures "Ribbons and Notions, ..-. * *. ;._ . •¦";, .
or plaids is here represented. Prices are 41 t~ZIj ?': . Flns Gray- Wool'. B, Jackets; soft fJfllshV
exceedingly. reasonable, ranging at • ' », 1 ' for double bed— splendtti for camping,
65c,r5c,$1.00and$1.25Yd. | M«.,«.f. o«ta. J $3.25 a Pair. .
"THEIR FIRST LOVE."
One of the Sunday Call's beautiful art supplements in black and white will be ,
issued free with next Sunday's edition. The "art pictures issued by The Call are far
superior to anything of the kind ever offered by a newspaper in the great West.
JJj t , • .: ¦:.¦¦ '.
' % -*fin1U^&*y3f^4?££fEif£ti£&tx_ 3BBfBTK^B^K^K^Bt^^MMBJKfc^Bi> *k •: /• < ,.\y.; '•¦ T < *^*tt *% *¦*>*•'' '•'"¦'¦ ' "¦¦ "¦' f>v J\Qwtr^''' f '¦¦ .¦-¦'" *"45i~ tJS?j6&?5y[ J^w^" f.'^'^'
FIRST LOVE.^ size \**nW, inches/
~ FRAMING INSTRUCTIONS.
• A very -effective way to frame picture "Their First Love" would be to frame in.
close with two or three inch Flemish brown oak and burnished gold or in ebony and
burnished gold. A i-inch molding with a^-inch mat to match would also be very
, Buy the dreat Sundav Call. ' Sold by AH Newsboys, News Agents, Etc.
PRICE 5c PER COPY
Notify this office if you fail to secure a paper when asked for. -The road will commence at Merced,
and, running north to the Merced
River, will follow its windings into the
valley. The terms of the franchise re
quire that stations be constructed
every ten miles. It Is announced that
work will be begun this summer. The
time from Merced to the park over the
road will be between five and six hours.
SAN JOSE, June 11.— Captain Ward
and F. G. Drum of San Francisco and
San Jose capitalists have be«n grant
ed a franchise by the Secretary of the
Interior to build an electric railway
Into Toaemlte National Park. It Is the
first franchise ever granted by" the
Government for an electric road into
any Government reservation in any
State.
FAST TIME TO BE MADE
Franchise to Build Railway
Into Park Is Granted by
of the Interior
ELECTRIC CARS
FOR YOSEMITE
The "late" Henry Jacklln of Indian
apolis is at Seelbach's Hotel. Mr. Jack
lln claims to have acquired a constitu
tional habit of always being late and
that thereby hanps the tale and reason
for his sobriquet of the "late." etc. "To
be late is to be important," said Mr.
Jacklln last night. "Nobody ever con
sidered me until I acquired this valu
able habit. By being late people are
bound to notice you and tney begin to
talk about you. When you are talked
about you are on the high road to great
things."— Louisville Herald.
How Mr. Jocklln Butted In.
As we were going down town the
other forenoon we saw a family and
appendages catching a chicken for din
ner. There was the man, the woman,
the big daughter, the ten-year-old bay,
the baby, the dog and a great hulla
balloo of a racket. The Initial move
was an ear of corn, with which the man
gently and slowly strewed the ground
at his feet. Then there was the pois
ing and the quick grab, which gave no
return but a tail feather or so. And
then the cry: "Run him down!" In
stantly every one was In motion. The
young rooster cut across the garden,
followed by the dog and the man. The
prey darted . through the lath fence;
the cur bumped hia nose against it;
the man changed his course and crash
ed through the gate and into the barn
yard, the baby fell down in the mud
puddle the mother shook her apron and
screamed. Tlie small brother circled
the haystack in pursuit, the big daugh
ter shooed with her every-day hat, the
neighbors gaped out of their windows.
On went the furious race until finally
the panting bird ran his head Into the
haystack to get out of sight and was
gobbled.— Elk Point (S. D.) Leader.
A Family Catch In Dakota.
These rules are recommended as
simple and easy of application. Their
general acceptance would undoubted
ly be appreciated by the average
reader. — Washington Star.
The rules adopted by the board of
geographic names provides that the
vowels shall have the sounds that are
common to the vowels in the lan
guages of Southern Europe. It fol
lows therefore that u has the sound of
oo in boot and that Manchuria is
therefore preferred to Manchoria,
Chefu to Chefoo, Amur to Amoor. It
has been ruled that al has the sound
of 1 in Ice; au the sound of ow In how
(ao — a very frequent combination In
the East, heard In names like Min
danao and N'anRO — is slightly different
from the preceding) ; ei, as in Beirut,
has the sound of the two Italian
vowels, but is frequently slurred, when
it Ab scarcely distinguishable from ey
in the English word they.
In accordance with the rules, c Is
always "soft," having the sound of e.
"Hard" c is represented by k, and It
therefore follows that Korea is the ac
cepted form and not Corea. Other
rules are that ch Is always "soft," as
in church; f Is sounded as in English
and ph should not be used to repre
sent this sound; g is always "hard,"
as in get; h Is always pronounced; j
and k have the English sound; kh
has the sound of the Oriental, gut
tural; gh is another guttural; ng rep
resents in different words different
sounds — two sounds, as in flnger, and
one, as In singer; q should never be
employed for the sound qu. which is
represented by kw, as in Kwantung;
y is always a consonant, as in yard,
and should not be used for the sound
of the vowel i, as It is in very or rely.
The confusion arises from the fact
that these geographic names are writ
ten in their native tongues in charac
ters unlike those we employ. Different
persons translate them Into Roman
characters in different ways. The value
of a set of rules that would reduce the
variations in spelling to a minimum is
apparent.
Henry Gannett, geographer of the
United States Geological Survey, has
recently received numercms letters of
inquiry regarding the proper spelling
of the place names in Korea and Man
churia that have become prominent in
the news columns of the day since the
outbreak of hostilities between Russia
and Japan. The variation In spelling
observed in the usage of different
newspapers and different map makers
is confusing to the common mind. Mr.
Gannett suggests that the matter
would be much simplified !f it were
generally known that a system of
transliteration of such names has been
adopted by most European nations, by
Canada and by this country. This plan
is published in the second report of the
United States board on geographic
names."
Henry Gannett Gives the Roles for
the Pronunciation Adopted by
the Government.
NAMES OF PLACES .
AT THE SEAT OF WAR
"The Minister of Foreign Affairs of
Morocco expects on June 13 to lay be
fore Rassoull what has been proposed.
The attitude of the Moorish authori
ties appears to be satisfactory."
WASHINGTON, June 1L— The fol
lowing cablegram has been received
from Rear Admiral Chadwick, dated
Tangier to-day:
TANGIER, June 11.— Kald Omar
YussI, commanding the loyal forces
near Fez, has been killed in action.
His troops Mere routed and the ma
chine guns lost.
The town of Sgru, four hours from
Fez, was immediately afterward looted
by the Birebel tribes. • v
MACHINE GUNS LOST
Commander of the Loyal
Forces Near Fez Slain
and His Troops Eouted
REBELS KILL
MOOR GENERAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1904.
39
AXUSEMJS2TI3.
A Week Commencing THI3 AFTER- 5
X NOON. June 12. *J
: Ideal Vaudeville ! !
I AGOUST, WESTON AND I
| COMPANY, §
0 Europe's Greatest Comedy Juggler*. 0
i^ibWHERinNri
3 ' COMPANY, I
• In Wllmar A Vincent's One- Act Farce. 0
0 "A Friend of tbs Family." 0
I ROMANTfRirj^ '!
q The European Musical Sensation. 2
t 5 I
O Foster's Dog. 0
O Tremendoua Success and Last TVeek of 0
I TRULY SHATTUCK, f
0 America's Farorlte Coral: Opera 8e>- Z
q prana X
: 1vWmmedTfour7:
J In Their Laughing Success. "Th» Naw #
V Teacher." O
s leatTrussell; :
Jjf Comedlenn?. S
S d7ph8ulnl^tfoirPicfures7 s
0 Showing the Latest Novelties. O
0 Last Week or 0
| MARCEL'S LIVING ART |
! STUDIES, I
O Twenty-flve Celebrated Parisian Models #
• Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. •
O Thursday, 8aturday and Sunday. 0
0 Frlces — 10c. 2Su and BOc. 0
COLUmBiA [SciMrS
COMMENCING •
TO-MORROW
Matinee Saturday Only.
E. H.
MANAGEMENT DANIEL FROHMAN.
In the Miracle Play.
THE-
By Justin Huntly McCarthy, author of "If
1 Were King."
Prices.. 12.00, $1.60, SI. 00, 7So and 50o
Curtain rises evening* at 8 o'clock
precisely. Matinee at 2.
Carriages may be ordered for 10: iO.
_ _ ___ 'JZ. - Owing to the Urn-
» I art IP J lt * d tIrn * at his ct>m "
I I tL I TT1 * T "5. MR. SOTHKHX
Em II 1 r" • WILT * N0T v i«t
Is 11 I Li oakund -ovnisa
I 1 %0 I Om 1 HIS PRESENT WEST-
ER.V TOUR. .
CALIFORNIA
m Xo-lNIgHt!
WUltam GUlette's Masterpiece — Ore*t>
est War Drama Ever Written.
[Secret Service 1
Presented by the Favorites.
/The Oliver Morosco Company
Bargain Matlneo Thursday.
J0[&w*^P£mtiBBnBZnSEBmW
Continue^ and Uninterrupted Eucceaa mt
The Ftonalest and Best Burlaaqua and Tr»«
mendoua Sneeaaa ot Our
"AU Star" Burlewm* ArUsti.
Read the Names — They Excel Everything
EDNA AUO. OARRITT 81STER3, TORJT3I
and ADAMS. AL FIELDS. EDWIN rt.AW,
BEN DILLON. ROT ALTON.
••GEM" CHORC8 OP* FOB.TT.
FTFTT SPECIALTIES.
8e» the "EIGHT RADIUM OUtLS."
Lionel Lawrence's Great Novelty.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 23a. SOo aa4
79c. Saturday and Sunday Mattneea. C3o aa4
1 50c Children at Matinee*. 10c and 23a
Oomtnr— "THE MORMONS."
Hlgh-Cliss Specialties EnryAftsniooD u.
Evsnlng In tba Tbeittr.
BRAKDOW ANT) WTLBT; -HARRT ORZS2f|
WALSH AND UOOJJ; JOJTES. BTLVK8-
TER AND PRINQLB; ALTON3; MILDRTO
MANNING AND " NHW MOVTNO P1CT-
URE3.
Taka a Bid* on the MINIATURE KLZ9CTKIO
RAILROAD.
AMATEUR NIQHT THCRSDAT.
Admission. 10c: ChUdrea. 3c.
When Phoning Aak for "The'ChotML"
M I m;i t! rynAJfXOTJS AlauavalJaVJUIXaV
BUNKER HILL
EXCURSION TO ,
LOS QATOS.
itridaY Jane IT. Special train leares
Third and To\nsend at S:3O a. m.. sharp, .top-
',„, jT t Valencia and Twenty-flfth. Round
frto tlckeU *L children 6Oc Literary exer-
cH?s gamea and dancing. Auspice* Banker
Mm Association. Sona of American Ravolution,
Sfy^auomia Pioneers aa« Bea. •<?•»:
aoafc
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Limited Engagement, Commencing To-Morrow Night, June 13th
Regular Matinee Saturday. Special Matinee Wednesday.
DAVID BELASCO
PRESENTS MRS.
In His N©w Play
DU BARRY
~~~ ddipfq I Entire Original Company. Pro*
riflbLd ductlon Identical With Mrs.
co Cl en Cl 7Ca «tflr» Carter's Famous New York En-
you, OUC iaiement of 384 Performances.
Owing to the immensity of the production the curtain will be
raised at 8 o'clock evenings and 2 o'clock at the matinees..
TIV/M i opera
I I VU LI HOUSE.
TO-NIGHT—LAST NIGHT.
I SERGEANT 1
| KITTY |
W ROBIN
ante of the
Ttx-oll's great TT,^ M^\' 1^\
production of B | | 1 | I IB
the American I If II II
comic opera AJl V»r JLS
masterpiece.
Usual Tlvoll prices, 25c, Me, 75c.
RESERVED SEAT8 READT.
4 T'/VA T A-'D' B «'" eo * Mayer,
ALGAZAR asiirfe
¦ ¦ General Mana»;er.
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT.
OUIDA'S SENSATIONAL DRAMA,
UNDER TWO FLAGS
Evg., 25c to 75c. Mats.- Thurs. & Sat., 25c to SOc
TO-MORROW NIGHT — ONE WEEK.
/>HARLEY'S ..£„
THE COMEDY SUCCESS OP THE AGE.
NEXT WEEK — EXQUISITE.PRODUCTION.
LOVERS' LANEL
The Famous Clyde Fitch Comedy.
To. Follow— WHITE WHITTLESET.
CENTRAL^
Market st. near Eighth. Phone South K3.
MATINEE 'TO-DAT-TO-NIQHT LAST TIME.
I THE PEDDLER
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
Mammoth Revival .of America's Representative
Drama,
| THE OCTOROON |
100— PEOPLE IN CAST— 100
Colored Chorus of Forty.
Special Engagement of L. R. STOCKWELI*
DDIfEC Evenings................. '.10c to 60c
r KICK J Matinees... 10c. 15c. 23c
WBBlfly Call S1.00 BBrYear
UNION
COURSING
DAD1?
w
V. J.' S£I£IT *. JuOf
JAS. 7. GRACE tllnn
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, JUNE 12.
Seventy-Two
Famous Coursers
Reserve Stakes
-GREAT SPORT AND-
"A CHANCE TO SPEXTULATD EVERT
THREE MINUTES."
TRAIN SERVICE BOTH WATS.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15
and 1 p. in.; Twenty-nftb and Valencia sts.
Ova mlnutea later. Returning at 4:43 p. m.
and after the last course. San Mateo electric
cars every four minutes during: the day.
anaciaaiAHiiOTni AmrgzmatTs.
SAN FRANCISCO <a l ~
BY AUTOMOBILE c^^hj,
MOBILE CABBIAQB OO.
GOLDEN GATE AVE. and GOUGH 8T.
I'hone Private Zxehanca 770.
Downtown office.* — Court Palace Hotel; Lobby
St. Francis Howl; lobby et Occidtatal Hotel-
THE LAST OF THE EBB.
By Henry E. Rowland. ,
A pago of fiction that Is truly
fascinating in its unique
conception and striking
situations.
NEXT SUNDAYXJCAIjIj.
¦ CALIFORNIA I]
! I LIMITED TO CHICAGO 61
LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS ||
Hat U'-:iO a. ex.. tlirourh in a day a, I
¦ with diner and all trapping*. H
Other Santa Tt> Trains i
7:S0 a. m. 1 for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld,
8-00 pi m J M"^** 5 . Jlanford anil Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
S:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET ORICE8 — 641 Market St. aad
Terry Depot. S. T. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South First St..
San Josa.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO
LESSEE
Wi FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFI5
KAIX.WAT COUPAZTT.
Tlbaron Ttrry, Toot of Market Street.
SAK rSAHCZBCO TO SAH KA7AEX..
WEEK DATS— 7:80, S:00. 6:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:25. 2:30, 8:40. 6:10. 5:M). 6:30 aod 11:50
p. m.
Saturday* — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
6UNDATS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. in.: 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 6:10. 6:30. 11:20 p. in. ¦
SAH BA7AEX. TO SAH FBAHCXSCO.
WEEK DATS— «:06, «:60. 7:33. 7:50. «:20
11:15 a. m.; 12:80. t2:00. 3:4X>. 8:00. 8:20.
8:25 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip at 1:45
BCNDATB— «:50. 7:RS. »:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40. 4:50. 6:00, 5:20, 6:25. 7:50 p. m. tKv-
cept Saturday*. . -
Leave I In Kffeet I Arrive
Ban Fran. { Mar 1. 1004. | Ban Fran.
WoekfSnn-f Destlna- I Bun-'|*W««k" !
Daya. | days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
~ 1*7:30 ~* 7:45 a 7:43~a
7:30 al 8:00 a K:40a 8:4Oa
9:00 a 9:30 a Iroult. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:80 p 6:00 p C:20p
8:10 p 8:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
8:45 p
' 7:30a! 7:30a "7:45 a 7:45 a
6:00 a 8:00 a Karat". 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:80 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:23 p |
1 5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
~77sC\a| 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
6:00 a! 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p| 2:50 p 8:15 p p
I " Windsor. I '
7:30 a! 7:30 a Healdtburt;. 10:20 a 10:20 a
i Lytton.
2:50 pi 2:30 p O«yf-»rvll>. 7:25 p 7:25 p
I CloverdaU. | |
"7:30 a| 7:80 al Hopl&nd : |10:20*a]10:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 pi ar.d Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
I I Wllltts. I I i
7:S0 a; 7^30 a; Sherwood. { 7:^5 p( 7:25 p
8:00 al K:O0aj Guemevllle and jl6:20a|10-20 a
2:80 pj 2:30 p| Ctmp VattUon. | 8:45 pj 6:20 p
'•:00af8~00a . 18:40 al 8:40 a
5:10plS:30a Konoma, i 6:00 pf 0:20 p
j 8:10 p Glen Ellen. | 8:45 p|
7:."Aa| ilROal * |10:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:80 p| Sebaetepol. |7:25p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rota for White
Sulphur Hprlngs and Mark West Springs; at
Pulton for Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytton for
I..ytton Spring*; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Eprinsr*: at Otn-crfiale for the Geysera, Boone-
vlllt and Greenwood ; at Hopland for Duncan
Sprints. Highland Sprlnjrs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Sj.rlr.cs. Scda Bay, Lakeport end Bartlett
Eprinra; itf Uk!ah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Hprlr.rs. Slue Lakes. Laurel Del! Lake, Witter
Bprine*. Upper Lake. I'omo. Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside, Llerlejrs, Bucknell's.
KanhedrJn HcirhU. Hallvllle. Orr"s Hot
Pprlngs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp '
H»v«i", Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Brag*.
%Ve*tport, Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Brace I
Wettport. Eherwocd. Cahto, Covelo. Layton- '
vill*. Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsens
Dyer. Garberrilie, Pepperwood, Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond Fan Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. U FRAZIER. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pats. Agt.
¦ TOSMRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Tla Saosallto Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
I>epart from San Francisco, week daya, at
6:30, 7:10. 7:45 b:30 9:15, 10:00. 11:00 a. tn.
(11:40 a. m. Sausalito only), 12:20, 1:45, 3:19.
4:00. 4:35. 8:15, 5:50. fi:25. 7:15. 9:00,. 10:20.
11:.\5 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at 7:10. 7:*G, 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. M:00. HMD
a. m.. 12:20, 1:00. l:*5, 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:35.
6:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:13. 9:0p. 10:20, 11:35
; d. m. *
Arrive at Ban Francisco week days, 6:17,
7:00. 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. 8:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. nu,
12:05, 1:25. 2:50, 3:45. 4:30. 5:05. 5:40. 6:15.
0:65. 7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundaya and
Irgal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45,
8:03. 8:50 p. ni.
For Fetrfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m..
3:15 p. m.. 6:15 p.m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:46. 8:30, 9:15. 10:00.
ll:O0. 11:40 a, m., 12:20. 1:00, 1:45, 2:30, 7:15
and 8:13 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:46 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
9: IS a. in., Sundays only— For Point Revea.
etc
8: IS p. m., dally except Sunday— For Caia-
dero, etc
S:15 p. m.. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc - - -
7:15 p. nu. Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
«tc ¦
8:16 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero, etc
TICKET OFFICE — 62« Market at.
FKRRY— Unlnn Dcoot. loot Of Market ft.
v^fH^v Tr»l»* leav* and art *m#
"^§ Z SAN FRANCISCO.
\p\J^L/<j/ rm Jim t tm.
>^C|t/ raTMT DXTOT
(Toot et UarkK ttnm.i
i*«^ - MAIN LINE. -*«n
7-OOa v«r«»::!e. Written. BiBHf. 7-IQp
iSTja B«clc1a. SuIttB. ElBtra and Saer»-
w-ito 7-20»
7^8ATaV.eja. N»rv CalKtov*. Sacta
Bcaa. Marttaci. Saa lUnaem 6-2C»
"•SO* Sfi^a. Urermore. Traey. Latkros.
Atockroa , 7.2C»
«JCC*6b»*u Eaprvn— <VU Parttt.
(for B^rUett 6prln»»»,
W!!k>»» *rmt«. U#d Bin*.
Pc-tl»ti. Tacocnv flattie 7-B0»
•40a Dariv Wootflacd. KafchU Lasd»e.
»!«Tr«»nie. Orertlle 740*
tiOA Fes Ooata. Marttnpx. Aatloca,
Brroa. Tracy. Stoektoa. Kew-
teit Lo* E»nc-«. lfeaa'ota,
AnsoB*. Haatord. Viaalla,
Pon»rri:'.e 4.20*
tSDaforx vciti. Lataros. afodeato.
VIerced. Freiao, Cocbea Jnne-
t'em. Haeferd. Titan*, Baler>-
teld 4.60* 1
f -It* V •>». Saa Jo**, Livermore. Stock-
ton. (*M!!to»). Ion*. Buerametita.
PiarfTTiiie, Maryrrllle. Ch'eo,
R»d Ulnff 423i»
I-5C» f.»«<5«»« CIirflet>e. Jnm"io»n. Eo-
snr&. TeoloBine aed Anfii 4 20"
fOT* AtiitnUeKzpm*— Ofdre *ad Eait. 11.20A
• 30a RirtnroBi, itart'.aec etd Way
Sumom S50^
tOOTATbe OTerlan^ Limited — Ocde*.
IC-OCa Lo> inre'ei P«»»»njer — Fort
Com*. Utr-jo-t. Kjtob. Traey.
:-.tfcrr r Stock I fn Marred,
Htrroccd. Fren*. Goisra Joao-
(lon. HaBTora. Lemoore. Vtsatla.
B*krr*3rld. Lot Ang«lr* I TO*
12A9m n»j »«.-<•_ Kile* and Way fiuUoni. 5.20»
t1-P0»8»craia«BU>Rl»er 8te»io«Tt« til. 00*
) JO Hn: -!», 6*CT»«r>»Tit(X
Wo»dl«'«, Kr.!ftt» L*Dtf!ti«.
»!»ryt»ir-«, OrortJIe and way
.__ w.tiiiom* '5 52*
fit- Bay ward. >"«!*» and Way EUUtti,. 7-60*
JMp Tort Oc*tv Martlsct. Byraa.
Traey. I^throa. Uedeaio.
Mereod, Berada, Freaa* »od
¦*¦ »y Stadant fc«»e»d Port Cc»»4 lZ-Zc»»
I Z&e Jattviite Vi>». na Dereada ma
W»«-«sa M?*
t-30* MarttBea. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1020a
4 CS f Wartia«L.Baa tUa*oa.*atle}o,irapa,
_^T Caltotora, State Eo^.. ••£?*
4OCP5n«». Tracw. StMktom. IxxSI 4-fO*
44C» > Ilarward. Knea. Irrtsftet, Baat tt-MA
7oaa. Lr*eramra 1 tii.MU
l-C&PTb* Owl Uisltea— Kcnti. Loa
3»o<-». M»r>cci».rre»tio. ToUr«,
_¦ • B«krrtfieM.Lo«Aaff»)o« »^0a
I X&r> Pert Cot*. Traey. tiockton 12.20*
r» JCp Beywar4. KUoa aad fiaa Jm 7.20a
ICSPEti*ir<l.>'nMU<(tpJu«. t.&OA
• itOPXwtera fijmn Oftm. DeaTer.
Oaiaba, St. Leata. CUoaco ao4
loot, Tta P«rt Co»i*. SnUaa,
Rbalra, Dartt. BaeraiBVBto, Cot-
mm . fax. U«ao i.ttP
I Cvs- T»n»>o. ditiy. ticepi onmdiy.... I n .,
7-CCp VnHeJo. 6«aday onjy J i-wtw
1SZ* KJ'bmo»<L hu PaMo. Port CofU,
_ „ Utftlui aad Way etattoa* 11-JOa
7 JOOf Orevoa * CaJtforata Bxprem— So«-
r*m*»to. Utn.TR]», hortdl.ic.
Portlw»d.PB«ot Bowed (MlMt. »-6Ca
l*f.B»no Paaorngar— Port Cottt, Sai-
ibb, Klatrv Dart*, EacraiatBto,
Tmckee. Lake Tahoe. and 'Way
Ctatioet beyond Sacrttnent*.... 7-EOa
t.TO* Bay ward, KUe* aad Baa Joie <Sns-
di>yoB»r).. 11.80a
COAST LlNC harrow VABf*).
{fool of Market gtrtet.)
7.46a 6«sUCrBir.xcars>o«(8nDdaye«]y) t-10*
iUotmtL C«at«rrU]e. Baa Jom,
Q Fottom,Bo«WcrCreek.BicBaaiB,
•aeta Oral aa4 Way tuilon... 5 68*
It 15* Atrira4o. Kewark. (as Joae. Lot
©atoi.GIeowood, Triton. Boulder
Ctrrt. Kg D**tn. F»et« Crnr.... J.1C*
tz.1»> Krwark. CeaterrtSo. Saa Joa«,
Krw Alai»4oa.Lo. Ontoc.Feitoa,
B*«ldcr Craek. hsu Craa and
PrtBctpol Way tutioM 10-55*
4.1 It, riewark. B«« Jo*«. Loa Oatot »n4
wafttatioM tt-66A
4 1 hr Writbt. Peitoa. BooJder Creek aad
Saata Ocr. t tturtty acd Saaday
, «rt? HS&A
2 OAKUANp HARBOR FERRY.
>ren t A> rllASCl KO. Fovt of Markn St. ( 5il»»»
-¦ r.-.a turn h«i.«. too )M BAir.m.
Trmrn OA.KLAKS. Poot of Broadway — ??:» U-»
5i«s 10:«A.a, 1200 2-00 4.00 tjl.
COASTXlNE <Rroi4 «aart^ •—
yriTtiti aad Tewmead »tfeeu.)
|.-i0a »aa Jo^a«4 Way ftuUoa* ».J0»
17-CCa 6«a Jc«o as4 >T«y Stattons E 40*
7.1Sa MoBt-.-ier and f>t*Ui Crcs Bxcnr-
•Iob (boaday only) tOJOv
• 4i0a Wew AliE.cen fToti, Prtd^ only). 4.10*
• -00A TJir Cinlfr — SUrv. oolj- Hve Joaa.
tVti'cy (coca«<-(toB for Uof'.'.a-
tcr). Psjare. Co*trwrir>a <eoa-
Dec:!oB to »Bd from Montorry
tad Haetae Ororr), &»t;n««, s«»
Ar<to. f »« tuh'.rt. EibU Mar-
r«rtta. San Lo!» OMtpo. prfRdpai
*«ki'-,6» tkoaoe Sorf (eocBectlaa
f*r Losipoci, priaolpkl mUom
theao* (moU B»rb»r».S»» Boobb-
teiMrt. MostoiTo. OiatrD. Bur-
bmak. Lo. Ancett* 1041*
t ,0C» b*n Jr-t. Tre* Pino*. CapKo;*,
fe«EUCrBa.PaelScOrvre.Akl!Ba«.
f-.s 1 h)i Obiipo aod PrlBcfta:
TT" » w Bt«. rt..«i» m «<>-,
»» •/ Dfc»"aia^r»lal ...... •••»•».»..•,. 4-iuP
1«3tA t-ui J*«e a«4 Way SUUoot 120*
Hit* 6»ti* t:;i.ta, fiat. Jo«t. Lot Oatot
muI Way BUM»E» 7J0* i
1 JCr Ni Jou iU V«r &ucou • J6»
t*4>b* Dri Moate P.xprr.*— €»ata Clara.
t-*.;, J«w«. I>cl Woti». Moafrey.
J-«cl»c 6rvv« (ouoaecu at SuU
Mara. exref>t 6aBday. for fc»nt»
' tli. Boarder Creek and Karrow
Ganc* rclati) I2-1S»
HOp P»cinc Crer« Way Paweorer. B«r-
:".r»:tn-.». £m Jo*e aad Way St*-
Una*. coaoccU at tilimr for Hot-
:n»r. Trr* Flat*, at Pajtro for
CaMtoia. Suit* Crax at Ca«tra>
ti:!« for F •!!»••. 10-48*
4 SCr >¦»» ;«t aail Way PiaUoiii t» 00a
•t tJO* *a»to. Clara. *•« Jose, Lot Oatoi,
«H( ti and prinelpoi Way fit»-
Uet>< (exempt fianday) t8 00*
ISJOvtaa Joae aad Prtncipml Way SUttoat J|.40>
i Urn HLftl ExptoM.— Uedwood. Saa
Joae. (i : Iro.'. 1 - •.::¦!*•. Puo Kob! w.
Baa L>Mtt dtltro. k«ni» Dtrt-»r«,
J-ti iiri". l>etntar. W /•»**.
Vt* i.-n»to«. Xew Tork. ICoa-
aorM at Pa)aro tor taata. Crni
a»4 at Caatronn* for PaeU«
Groroaad Way Statloet 7.10a
(..1 ft* ••» Ma»o»,Beretfor4.Uc!iaoauBM
Ctxko*. BedwomL Fair Otki.
M»»ioP*rx. Pfcie Alt» r« 4Sa
• M*«m Joae aa4 Way Buuoaa. §.J6«
I-COp Pate Alto aad Way tUUoM. 10.16a
|i2e*B«sthSaarraaca»co,M0i»ra«.B«r-
HacBiao. baa Mo4oo, Botmest.
Saa Carlo*. Kr4 wood. Pat r Uak*.
Moatl* Park. aa4 Palo Alto | <5^
M1i> lUjrleid, Moamtai* View, bonny-
Taie, Lawrtaec fiaata Clara and :
•aaJoa* ¦ tt.4S#
A tar Mora lac- . P for Afteraooa.
-,*>¦»•«• axc^Koa, : PaaiUf oatr
« 1 • u>rc«.» wily. * Monday only.
ttt»p« at all »UU»M — gtxtj.
aVOat; aratat «»»|r»iac at Valoacta 6«. «»otabuau4
fcnrt:J0«.«i.. :o»*.», 7:B*.a» II:Ka. n, 1;«j.j.
aUC *.*..atd c.*r.a-
ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
Dry Goods Company \
...NEW DRESS SILKS... 1
The dainty, light, snpple and non=croshable soft weaves in |
ihe delicate colorings that we are now showing are irresistible j
ii ~
Pcau D'Oignon and Paillette it Soie and
Taffeta Silks Messaline Satins
Jacquard Checked and Cloth-of-Gold, Shan-Tung
Striped Louisinc Silks and Crash Pongee Silks
Crepe, Princcssc and *'C. J. Bonnet, Lyons/' Black
Liberty Satins New Loom Soft Weaves \
Chiffon Foulard Jacquard Colored Lining Taffetas
Dress Silks to Match the New Woolens
All that the most critical can demand in style, and the cconom- i
ical may desire in price* . :
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Gttrj ard Stockton Streets, Unioa Squ&ra- tt
AD VEBTISEJEENTS.
I GREAT SEMI-ANNUAL
} CLEARANCE SALE
| THE GREATEST OF ALL SALES IN SAN FRANCISCO.
• To-morrow commences the third week of our great
• sale and still we are crowded. No wonder — prices
2 were just as advertised, although they seemed ridic-
• ulously low. All Spring and Summer Garments
• must be sold. Your chbice of over
5 3000 Tailor Suite
• 2500 Short and Long Coats
• 1 500 Children's and Misses' Coats
5 2400 Dress Etamine and Silk Skirts
• 4000 Walking Skirts
| From 25% to 33% Less Than Wholesale Cost
| SUITS Children's Jackets SKIRTS
• Blouse, Eton and (Sizes 2 to (4 years) Linen Skirts at 95c
2 Coat effect, sale at Newest styles But- and $J.45.
• <AQtz t«;o<; <*ax che* Jackets, with $2.00 All Vool Valk-
• $4.95, $5.95, $6.45, g^ J .i£«£,^"r in e Skirts, medium aad
• $7.45, $8.95, $U.45, «ter Thomson em- dark gray, ,tiU going at
• «t*->oc /*u acz blem in cheviot, eta- 75c and $1.00.
O $J2.95 and $J4.45. miaCf nove lty mix- Alpaca Skirts at $2.45
2 Misses' Suits, sites *"j« "£ %£. S "SS^rfkli, Skirts
S f> ia it f» sale at 75c,95Cr*J.45, at $2 45.
• : \\ f 7, °° $J.65,$J.95and$2.45 Silk and Etamine
• sale at $6.95, $7.45, Infants r Qoaks at Skin, at a price.
2 $8.95and$X2.45.All 95c, $J.75, $2.45 and J^^JS^Z
2 novelties. $3.95. $1.95 up.
| 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
o*0oeoeo9«eo*ooeo6O9*ooood9oooeeeeodooooQOd4
> T> VEBTISEMENT&. ;.;:
A $9 Trunk for $6
It's one of our special offers
for exposition and vacation
travel. If you need a trunk,
bag or dress suit case, see our
line before you - make your
purchase.
A. B. SMITH CO.
128 Ellis Street, Above Powell.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CUBE FOS HEX
HARMLESS IWJECTIOW. Cures ordinary
cases in a few days. Warranted to euro
worst cases. NO OTHEB TREATMENT
REQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
P. S. KEILY'S PHAKMAOT. 102 Eddy.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leare Tk UmllU Ftrryl Arrire
Ban Frauctgco 1M »f M»f tK St. 8an Frandfo
Week San- ' snu- Week
Days. dayi. jjf5SmtSSIt±. daj-K. Dari.
Ur*il*~*i*\
10:00a BSaSflaaa? 2:05 r *l 1:05 a
10:00a 11:00 a Y&SfijeSSr 3:35 r 3:35 r
1:4Sr 12:20 r 1:40 r 6:15 l
B:15r 1:45r \®3pr 6:18 r 10:01 1
4:36r 8:50 p
» Tla traritT far. » T«Sitla>b U HH MI«t.
Tickkt \V» Market St. (North Shore Railroad}
Opficxs ]and Bausalito Fbrby, Foot Market St. j
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense of '
$260,000— New Management— ENTIRELY FIRE-
PROOF.
LOCATION— Very accessible to street ear;
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS— I
Several private rooma In antique decoration*.
Turkish Baths tn Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. De gtel-
ger. Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria aad
Cbef to Prince of wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Conneo-
tlons in every room: Ion* distance connections
made with any part of the Coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expense.
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. Wash.
Palan* DOirr rAIL T0 !
i aiatw 8ee the bcaatifu j i
j COURT Lounging ]
/¦flU room, the EMPIRE j
uuu parlor, the
n * PALM ROOM, the !
lir^flQ LOUIS XV PAR- !
uiauu LOR and the LA i
D A J A t- DIES' WRITING !
I Hotels room- |i
AMUSEMCENTS.
COeRSIMPARK.
8 O-Dog Open Stake
- — -AND
40-DOG CONSOLATION STAKE
SaturdayM Sunday
June 11 and 12.
Courslngr will begin at 11 o'clock sharp and
continue until the last winning flag coes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All Mission streat cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which to direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERNET, Jiidfe.
EDWARD EHORTSTAO. 811pper.
A Succession of Surprises!
FORESTERS^ AMERICA j
Gorgeous Carnival
* AND
Street, Fair;; j
UNDER AUSPICES OF GENERAL RBLEEF
COMMITTEE.
3— TBAXN 1.0 ADS OF nOVELTISS — 3
Magnificent Electrical Display, i
A Feast of Fun and Frolic.
Direction 'o( California Carnival Company.
10c — ADMISSION-— 10c.
OPEN AFTERNOON AND EVENING.-
Cor. Market. 11th. Van Xesa ave. and 12th.
¦OAKLAND, June 1 11. — The MU1
men's Union elected the following of
ficers last night: President, R. M.
Hambj | vice president,- H. K. Soren
sen; recording secretary. J« G. Lewis;
financial secretary, C. Walter?; treas
urer, W. W. Farwell; conductor, H.
Smith ; warden, O. Peterson ; delegates
to District Council of Carpenters, R.
M. Hamb, C. Walbergf and Mr. Pear
son, tv '-'.' '¦¦!;
;¦ When Justice is falling an excuse Is a
poor umbrella. ;
Mill men Elect Officers.
Granted Certificates.
OAKLAND, June 11.— The County
Board of Education met to-day and
granted the following certificates:
Grammar . grade renewals — Anna
Mantz.^Marie Dufore, Mrs. Lizzie F.
Gullck; high school .renewals — Mrs. G.
F. Colby; recommended to State
¦Board for grammar school life di
plomas — Annie Woodall, Edith Car
penter; for university document — E-.
E. Margeson; for high school diploma
—Laura Frank.
UNIVERSITY GRADUATE TO
APPEAR AT YE LIBERTY
Popular Stock Company Will Pre
sent the Great Comedy, "Charley's
Aunt," Next Week.
OAKLAND. June 11. — Burnett
Southard, a graduate of the Univer
sity of California, who for several
years has been a popular member of
the theatrical profession, will appear
with Te Liberty stock company next
week in the great comedy, "Charley's
Aunt." This Is by far the most popular
comedy that has yet been produced at
the Liberty .Theater and is one that
every one enjoys. ( It has been trans
lated into nearly every one of the mod
ern languages and has been produced
all over the world.
The cast for the first production of
the play at the Liberty Is an excellent
one. Frank Bacon will be seen in the
character of Lord Babble, who im
personates Charley's aunt, and Miss
McNeill will play the part of the real
aunt.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, June 11.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: James M.
Griffin, 28, San Francisco, and Annie
Monroe, 28, Berkeley; Svan A. Carl
son, 32, and Hedvlg T. Gustafson, 26,
both of Oakland; Waldo M. Clar, 23,
San Francisco, and Margaret J.
Nunan, 16, Oakland; John Desmond,
over 21, Point Richmond, and Julia
Ahem, over 18, Alameda; Ralph L.
Brock, 21, and Florence M. Clark, 18,
both of Berkeley; Calvin M. Covell,
over &1, and Louie J. Pierce, over 18,
both of Oakland; Oliver Jolly, 68, San
Luis Obispo. and Alice Atkinson. 57,
San Francisco: Ernest B. Zimmer, 30,
and JeaBle M. Lauphier, 20, both of
San Francisco; Clarence E. Chappell,
24, and Annie M. Chrlstofersen, 22,
both of Oakland; Joseph Mediros, 23,
and Rosle Caten, 18, both of Oakland;
Alvin Sandkuhl, 31, Morencl, Ariz.,
and Ethyl I. Dean, 20, Oakland.
At the Bunker Hill celebration next Friday
at Los Gatos Alfred Wilkle will sing, the
"Sword of • Bunker Hill." My • Own United
States" will b« sung by Arthur Cunningham
of Tlvoll fame.
Oaklanders surely had a feast of music last
night, for. besides the Rowlands concert, there
was another Interesting musical event at Or
pheus Hall, when the second of the series of
recitals given by pupils of A. T. Stewart and
John Metcalf took place. The. programme was
one of unusual merit and was participated In
by those two very clever young pianists, Mrs.
Robert Hughes and Miss Estelle Drummond.
Miss Helen Lutphen, a very promising violin
ist, and Miss Florence Luke, also, a piano stu
dent.
Several vocal numbers were contributed by
Miss Lullta Wasley, the young mezzo-con
tralto, who will forsake a musical career in
favor of matrimony Her wedding with Frank
McCuen will be one of the Interesting social
events of the near future.
"Toreador's Song," from "Carmen" (BIret),
Mr. Rowlands; "Chanson Provencale (Del
Agua). Miss Carolyn Crew; (a) "Berceuse"
(Godard), (b) "Madrigale" (SlmonetU). Miss
Gertrude Hlbberd; "Tho 1 You Forget (Ttp
ton), J. F. Veaco; "Dearest Night" (A. Bach
elet). Mrs. Curia Brown Dexter; "Excelsior"
(Balfe), Mr. Veaco and Mr. Rowlands;
"Legend" (John W. Metcalf), Miss Gertrude
Hlbberd; (a) "Among the Heather" (Metcalf).
(b) "Haymaking" (Needham). Miss Carolyn
Crew; <a) "Absent" (John W. Metcalf) (b)
"Mentra Given" (Brlnley Richards), (c) "Be
douin's Love Bong (Cird Pinsutl), by special
request. Mr. Rowlands.
Carolyn Crew has undoubtedly the most
beautiful soprano of any singer In this vicinity
to-day and it Is safe to predict that if she
continues to progress as she has in the last
year or so some future day will find her In
th« ranks of the great,
Nothing could h&v« been prettier or more
artistic than her delightful rendering \$t the
"Chanson Provencale," by Del Agua, and the
"Haymaking," by Needham.
In spite of a cold. Mr. Veaco tilled his place
on the programme most acceptably, his solo
and also the duet with Mr. Rowlands being
heartily encored. Miss Hlbbard and Mrs.
Dexter are both two well known to need any
comment; It is sufficient to say that they were
at their best. Apropos of Mrs. Dexter, ehe
hia received a pleasant tribute- to her mu
slcianly ability from Los Angeles. She has
boen engaged to sing at the first annual musi
cal festival of the Allied Choral Societies of
Southern California, which will be held In the
"City of Angels" from June 20 to July 2.
Mr and Mrs. Rowlands expect to leave for
Europe about the last of July.
The programme as rendered last evening was
as follows:
?OAKLAND. June 11.— It wm a large and
enthusiastic crowd that greeted Clement P.
Rowlands at Maplt Hall last night; in fact
he was given a perfect ovation every time he
appeared. His singing was all that could be
desired, although a little end-of-tbe-season
weariness was evident in the usually vigorous
tones. One of his numbers was a little Welsh
lovt eong. "Mentra Given," which received
the wildest applause and which he was obliged
to repeat.
By Zoc Green Radcliffe.
Word ha» Just been received that President
Wheeier has been elected vice president of the
American Archaeological Association, the head
quarters of which are In Philadelphia.
BERKELEY, June 11.— John Galen Howard,
supervising architect for tba university, ha*
about completed the plans for Golden Bear Hall,
which Jt in proposed to erect on the campus.
Permission to build the hall on the campus
has been obtained from the board of resents
and as soon as the necessary money Is raised
work will begin. The ball Is designed to
provide a gathering place for. the men stu
dents of the university, who have no such
(lace now.
A large picture of Mrs. Hearst, from the
brush of Orrln Peck, the artlat. has Just been
hung In the library. It occupies the place of
an old oil palntlnc presented to the library
several years aeo by Mrs. Hearst. The old
picture was ncnt to London.
President Wheeler and Professor Henry
Morse Stephens have received invitations to
attend the uresentation of a Greek play, "Al
cestls of Eurlsldes." in a new open air the
ater, similar to the one at Derkeley, In Berk
shire, ntsr Oxford, England. The English
theater is smaller than the one here. Th«
stage Is built in the form of the front of a
Greek temple. Instead of being surrounded with
an ornamental wall.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
CHARMS OF MUSIC
SOME OF THE RESULTS OP NATURE STUDY IX THE OAKLAND SCHOOLS
UNDER THE DIRECTION OF MISS BERTHA CHAPMAN. AS SHOWN IN
THE CHILDREN'S ROOM OF THE CARNEGIE LIBRARY.
Piedmont School — Bessie Gregor,
Elsie Whlttlnger, Barney Huntington,
Adrienne Smith and May Hackey.
Prescott School — Evelyn Walker,
Ethel Davidson, Margaret Olsen,
Emma Bishop. Effle Doty. Christine
Anderson, May Nunan, Christine Sjol
berg, Emily Cate and Kate Crosby.
Garfield School — William Petit, Carl
Nepach, Fred Altman and Fred Ott
Grant School — Margarlte Black,
Alma Nalsmith Kinze Miller and Ed
ward Chamberlain.
Temescal School— -Mabel Stoner
Lousa Solarl, Ora Arnott, Mabel
Thomas and Clifford Jamison.
Tompklns School — Amy Hespe,
Ragnhild Landstrom, Rose Silver,
Sadie Roop, Emily Meyer, Agnes
Stenson, Ethel Grant Vlvianna Mc-
Kay, Miriam Sapiro and Minnie Peter
son. &'''¦' '¦.'--'• : <-- ;
The committee of children in charge
of the tables were:
Lincoln School — Millard Branson
and Donald McClure.
Lafayette School — Leslie Stevens,
Claud .Rich and Julia Glissman.
Cole School — Hugh Gasklll.
PUPILS WHO HELPED.
This exhibition of flowers and vege
tables grown by school children in the
course of the study of nature is the
first of its kind to be given in Califor
nia, and the success which has been
achieved in thus Instructing the gram
mar school pupils by practical work re
flects great credit upon Miss Chapman
and her assistants. The experiment of
Introducing nature study into the pub
lic schools was flrst tried in the East.
The results there obtained encouraged
the school, authorities of this city to
adopt the innovation here. After see
ing the exhibit to-day Superintendent
McClymonds said he was thoroughly
satisfied with the showing made by the
children.
The exhibition opened this morning
and continued until 8 o'clock this even
ing. Hundreds of people visited the li
brary to view the work of the children.
The schools represented were the Lin
coln, Lafayette, Tompkina, Garfield,
Durant, Grant, Temeacal, Grove-street
Piedmont, Clawson, Cole, Swett, Pres
cott Bay, Franklin, Peralta, Washing
ton, and Harrison.
The tables were arranged by Miss
Bertha Chapman, assisted by the fol
lowing teachers: Miss Magulre, Miss
Whltehead, Miss Trask. Miss Don
nelly, Mies Pearce, Miss Bradley, Miss
Amerman, Miss Ball, Miss White, Miss
Scanlan, Miss Storrie, Miss Campbell,
Miss Bradbury, Miss Rodgers, Mlsa
Payter, Miss Anderson, Miss Kennedy,
Miss Morgan, Miss Farllng, Miss Nor
ton, Miss Sampson, Miss Hennings,
Miss Moore, Miss Gellnas, Miss Glam
bonl, Miss Trescott Miss Blllfngs, Miss
Neylari, Miss de Wolf, Mrs. Board
man, Mr. Rugh, Miss Newsome, Miss
Phillpps, Miss Furlong and Miss
r-'.ch.
OAKLAND, June 11.— Fruits, flowers
and vegetables, the products' of gar
dens planted by the little nature stu
dents of the local grammar schools,
were exhibited to-day in the children's
room of the Carnegie Library. The
showing made was most creditable. All
of the common table vegetables were
represented, with many of the ordinary
flowers that are cultivated in the open
air. Several varieties of berries were
also on exhibition. The exhibit was
under the direction of Miss Bertha
Chapman, the supervisor of nature
study in the public schools, who was
assisted by a number of teachers.
The tables on which the exhibits were
arranged were in charge of committees
of children from the various schools,
and each bunch of flowers or display of
berries or vegetables was tagged with
the name of the youngster from whose
garden it had come. In addition to the
displays of natural products many of
the exhibits were Illustrated with col
ored drawings by the pupils.
The little gardeners took great pride
In showing the results of their work to
the visitors, of whom many were pres
ent during both the day and the even-
Ing.
A GOOD PRECEDENT.
CHERRIES DEAL
DEATH TO BABE
Marjorie Hanson Suffers
Great Agonies and Dies
From Eating the Fruit
EATS PITS AND STEMS
Sad End Comes of After
noon Outing at Country
Kesidence of a Friend
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
30:6 Broadway, June 11.
W. R. Kennedy, who was shot near
Newark as the result of allowing Wil
lard O. Sttwart a midnight interview
with his wife, was brought to the Coun
ty Jail here this afternoon and will
be held as a witness until the prelim
inary examination next Wednesday.
He hus talked freely about the mat
ter since his arrival, and this after
soon swore to the complaint before
the District Attorney charging Stew
art with an assault to murder him.
Kennedy"? wound is healing rapidly,
and he Is now on the high road to re
covery. He had evinced a disposition
not to prosecute Stewart ow ing to the
notoriety be would suffer, but said in
en Interview to-day that Stewart had
given out several misstatements in re
gard to the matter and he was now de
terrr.ined to try to convict him. Not
withstanding his change of heart
Constable Broderlck, who had taken
Kennedy's clothes away from him In
order to keep him from leaving the
county, felt that he would be safer in
jail, and this morning he visited the
Kennedy home and made a prisoner of
him.
Kennedy made his flrst statement of
the affair this afternoon, and said that
it was Jealousy that caused him to
bring bis wife and Stewart together,
as he wished to be assured that his
suspicions were not well founded. In
this connection he said:
"If you loved a woman and you
feared that another mac was sharing
your wife's affections it would keep
rolling itself around in your mind un
til you couldn't rest There were two
of u*. and I wasn't sure ¦whether my
•wife loved me better than she did Stew
art, or I thought ehe didn't know which
of us she liked the best.
"So when I met Stewart unexpect
edly in San Francisco and I got talk
ing it over with him and he denied
that she liked" him, I told him to go
to Newark with me and ask her
•whether she liked him better than she
did me. I was to hide so that she could
not see ire. I rapped on the window
and got her to come out and then hid
and left Stewart there, Instead of
talking so that I could hear where I
•u-as hiding, he took her away in an
other direction, and then when I ran
after them he fired.
"I wanted to hear my wife say she
did not care for him and that she only
liked me, but he spoiled it alL Per
haps he was afraid to let me hear what
ehe would say. Anyway, my plan mis
carried, and I am worse off now than
1 was before."
Both Stewart and Kennedy are
youns men. neither appearing mom
than 25 years of age, and of quiet bear
ing, and hardly look like men to be
mixed up in such an affair. Edith Ken
nedy, the woman in the case. Is about
the same age.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street June 11.
Following twelve hours of intense
suffering, little Majorie Therese Han
son, a child of three years, died early
this morning from eating cherries
with their pits and stems. The babe's
digestive organization could not per
form its functions on account of the
presence of a large quantity of the
fruit and in spite of all the doctors
could do she passed away.
The child lived with her parents,
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Hanson of 900
Bristol street. In company with her
elder sisters she spent yesterday af
ternoon at the home of a friend in the
country- They were Invited to par
take of cherries there and all ate
heartily.
Nothing unusual happened until late
last night when the baby was seized
with terrible pains. Drs. F. R.
Woolsey and J. J. Benton were called
to treat her, but were unable to pre
rent death. A post-mortem examina
tion developed that the child had not
only eaten of the cherries, but the
pits and stems, too.
SUES MRS. BENTLEY FOR
AN ALLEGED INDEBTEDNESS
Alameda County Deaths.
OAKLAND, June 11. — Dr. Edgar
J. H. Floto, who has resided in this
city for more than thirty years, died
to-day at his home, 1133 Chestnut
street, after a" short Illness. Dr. Floto
had very nearly reached the century
mark, being 99 years of age at the
time of his death. He gave up the
practice of medicine flve years ago.
The deceased leaves one daughter,
Miss E. G. Floto.
Mrs. Henrietta Cowley, 4 S years of
age, was found dead in bed this morn
ing at her residence, 6861 Fremont
etreet where she boarded with Mr.
and Mrs. S. W. Knowles. She retired
last night apparently in good health
and at S o'clock this morning her
body was found cold in death. Mrs.
Cotvley was a widow and leaves one
Bon, who resides at Nevada City.
Mrs. Addie G. Macdonald. wife of
W. D. Macdonald, died to-day at the
family residence, 114 Fifth street,
aged 42 years. Besides her husband,
the deceased leaves two sons.
Alfred Eastman, a pioneer resident
of East Oakland, aged 82 years, died
yesterday in Los Angeles, where he
had erone in an effort to Improve his
healtn.
OAKLAND. June 11. — Nicholas
Brophy of 2222 Magnolia street and
Fred Rels of 1665 Fifteenth street
mill hands In the employ of the Cali
fornia sash and door factory, were
caught to-day by a shaft while trying
to adjust a belt on a pulley and were
whirled around until the machinery
could be stopped. They suffered no
serious injury.
The belt broke the pulley and the
men had a narrow escape from being
caught by the Jagged pieces of iron.
They were removed to the Receiving
Hospital, where it was found they
were suffering from strains and con
tusions, but were not seriously in
jured. Later they were taken to their
homes. • /.
In Adjusting Belt Nicholas Brophy
and Fred IU-is Have Thrilling
Experience
WHIRLED ON SHAFT,
BUT ESCAPE DEATH
James Fitzj-- trick. Who Claims to
Hold Contract to Wed Defend
ant Asks for $1050.
OAKLAND, June 11. — James Fitz
patrick, who alleges that he is the
holder of a contract to wed Mrs." Ho
norah Bentley of Berkeley, began a
suit against her to-day to recover
$1950. which he claims is due him.
Mrs. Bent. Is supposed, to have un
limited wealth.
Fitzpatrick has made the state
ment that she buried $60,000 in gold
and deeded away ?25, 000 worth of
property to her daughter after having
given It to him. Mrs. Bentley ac
knowledged having lost $12,000 on the
races during the . last season.
Mrs. Bentley was divorced from her
first husband and afterward employed
Fltzpatrlck as a confidential agent
Before the year was up, when she
would have been free to marry again,
Fitzpatrlck had secured from her
what is alleged to be a contract sign
ed by both of them, to .marry.when the
allotted time had expired. In the
meantime the old people have quar
reled and Mrs. Bentley has repudiat
ed the contract.
Rhodes' Death an Accident.
OAKLAND. June 11. — A Coroner's
jury to-night rendered a verdict of ac
cidental death in the case of Samuel
J. Rhodes, the newsboy, whose body
¦was found Wednesday night on the
Southern Pacific Company's tracks at
West Oakland. Boys who Baw the
Berkeley local train strike Rhodes tes
tified. William Cody, whose contra
dictory stories caused suspicion to fall
upon himself, was discharged from
custody after the inquest He was not
permitted to testify.
Odd Fellows to Honor Dead.
BERKELEY, June 11. — Berkeley
Lodge No. 270, I. O. O. F., will hold
memorial services on Sunday evening,
June 19, In Odd Fellows' Hall. The
memorial address will be delivered by
Redmond C Staats, a past grand mas
ter of the lodge. The arrangements
are in the hands of a committee con
sisting of J. E. Streightlf, B. E. Un
derwood and Redmond C Staats.
Clnb ..tnnngcr to Wed.
OAKLAND, June 11.— The engage
ment of Biddy Bishop, the well known
manager of the Sequoia ' thletlc Club,
and Miss Ada Glendon of, Seattle has
just been announced. The secret came
out at a party recently given at Mr.
Bishop's home In Berkeley. The date
of the wedding has not been set
"We certainly ought to hear some
thing from. them shortly," Eaid Attor
ney Fred Button, stepfather of Miss
Ethel Haas, the bride, in a conversa
tion this evening. "They have been
away now since Wednesday and I ex
pect a message from them any time.
Up to the present, however, I have no
knowledge of their whereabouts, and
we have not heard from them since
getting the message telling us of their
marriage."
Millionaire Oscar Luning said he was
just as much in the dark as Button.
"I have received no word from my son
and do not know where he is or what
be Intends to do. I can shed no light
on the situation," he said.
Young Nicholas Luning and his
bride, who startled this city by tele
phoning the announcement of their
marriage to their homes from Sacra
mento Wednesday afternoon, are en-
Joying their stolen honeymoon without
bulletining their itinerary, to their par
ents. So far, the young groom's purse
has stood the strain and he has not
even telegraphed to pere Luning for
money from home.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 11.
Husband's Efforts to Prove
Wife Is Faithful Results
Disastrously for Him
Attorney Fred Button Says
That, He Expects a Mes
sage From Them Soon
JEALOUSY BEHIND DEED
PAKEXTS IN THE DARK
W. S. Kennedy Swears That
Willard 0. Stewart Shot
Him Without Any Cause
Eloping Couple Sends No
Word to Their Homes
as to Where They Are
STRANGE TALE
OF SHOOTING
YOUNG LUNING
KEEPS SILENT
A new torch for mariners generates
gas and ignites on contact with water.
It floats upright, is not extinguished
by wind or. water, and gives a light of
300 to 10,000 candlepower for half. an
hour.
OAKLAND, June 11.— Divorce de
crees were granted to-day to Ellen S.
Barker from Enoch W. Barker for
habitual intemperance; Minnie Nelson
from Madison Nelson for desertion,
and Marino G. Bale from Meta K.
Bale for extreme cruelty.
Couples Are Freed.
A dispatch from New York says: By
means of the gigantic transmitting
tower he is erecting at Wardencliff,
Long Island, NIchoIa Tesla hopes to
put every newspaper In the world out
of existence and to transmit telegraph
ic messages to the uttermost parts of
the globe.
In an article in the Electrical World
and Engineer Mr. Tesla explains the
system, and adds that "the noble gen
erosity of J. Pierpont Morgan," who
furnished the money when others did
nothing but doubt, enables him to put
the system in operation.
Mr. Tesla says he will magnify the
stationary electric waves in the earth
to such a degree of power that the
globe easily can be girdled.
Expects to Abolish Newspapers.
Took Advantage of His Opportunity.
A good st6ry is told of a domestic in
an East End family who had been a
long time in her situation, and who
"gave ' notice" because she was going
to be married. The girl who was en
gaged to take her place sent word to
her mlstress-to-be that she would not
be able to begin her duties for at least
a fortnight after the date on which
her predecessor was to be married. The
maid was asked by her mistress wheth
er she would agree to postpone the
date of the wedding, but she declined
to do so, bearing in mind the old adage,
"Change the date, change the fate."
She said, however, that she didn't
mind getting married and coming back
for a time, until the other girl could
assume her duties, and this was finally
agreed upon, as the young man offered
no objection. Half an hour after the
ceremony the girl was performing her
customary duties and her mistress said
to her, smiling:
"And I suppose your husband has
gone back to his work, too, Matilda."
"Oh, no, indeed, ma'am," replied the
girl. "He's bane gone on his honey
moon."— Duluth News-Tribune.
District Attorney John C. Bell has
recently returned from the south, and
looks as brown and healthy as he did
in his palmiest days as a college ath
lete. Wherever he goes, Mr. Bell al
ways collects a budget of * good
stories, and he is a master of the art
of telling them. Here is one of the new
ones which has amused the District
Attorney and his friends greatly:
An old white-headed negro named
Moses was one day walking along the
road, when he saw young Sam sitting
on the fence, grumbling to himself and
looking very sullen.
"Wah's de mattah wid you, Sam?"
asked the old darky. "Whah f oh all dis
yere blackness?'
"Oh, it's all dat Mars Fairfax." was
the reply. "Ah can't git along wid him
nohow, -'-h guess I'm gwine to leab
him. He cusses me an' beats me all de
time."
"Look a-hyuh, Sam, why doan you
'cert yuh 'dependence once in a wile?
Dat's de way ter do. When Mars Fair
fax cusses yuh, yuh cuss him back."
•A few days later old Moses came
along the road once more, and saw
young Sam sitting on the fence again,
this time with his face all disfigured,
as if he had been in a fight and
"bruised up" generally.
"What's de trubble now?" asked the
old man. " 'Pears like yuh done gone
and ran inter one of dem steam en
gines."
' "Foh de lan's cake, man," said old
Mose, rolling his eyes, "yuh didn't let
him hyear yuh, did yuh?"—Philadel
phia Press.
"If* all yuh fault, Uncle Mose. Ah
done taken yuh advice. Ah went out In
de fiel' de udder day and Mars Fairfax
he come along and cussed me. Den Ah
ups and Ah cusses him back."
He Cussed too Loud.
The lodge Is situated in one of the
most picturesque spots in the valley.
It is of native granite and rough
hewn wood, built upon the cabin idea.
Within are a fireplace and a reading
room of comfortable dimensions. It
will be open all the year round and a
curator is there to welcome visitors.
The Le Conte memorial lodge that
was built in the Yoaemlte Valley in
honor of the late Professor Joseph Le
Conte will be dedicated on July 3 by
the Sierra Club. This ceremony will
be a feature of the club's annual out
ing, which will be held this year in
the valley. . ,
The dedication exercises will be as
simple as was the life of the man to
be honored. There will be addresses
by two or three of Professor Le
Conte's old friends, a poem and an nn
velltng. Dr. G. K. Gilbert of the
United States Geological Survey and
Professor A. C. Lawson of the geologi
cal department at the University of
California probably will be the speak
ers. The poem to be read will be
written by Wllloughby Rodman of Los
Angeles and the unveiling will be of
the bronze tablet that will tell and
preserve the history of the monu
ment
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. June 11.
Simple Ceremonies Will
Mark Pieception of Monu
ment to a Eevered Man
A TRIBUTE TO THE DEAD
Sierra Club Makes Plans
for Exercises. in Building
in the Yosemite Yalley
WILL DEDICATE
LE CONTE LODGE
When a man doesn't dare look any
body in the face in a street car it Is *
sign he is wearing a necktie his wife
picked out for him.
"While Clarence Adams, a negro, said
to be wanted in Kentucky on a charge
of murder, was robbing the house of
P. B. Barnes in Chicago the other day,
he entered the room wnera Barnes*
four-year-old baby daughter was play
ing at "bounce ball."
"Nice man, play ball with ba~y;
mamma won't care," was the little
girl's freeing to. the burglar. Adams
consented, and the child laughed with
delight as the big rubber ball bounded
back and forth. "You're so nice, you
like to play ball with little girls," she
chirped.
The noise attracted Mrs. Barnes, who
screamed with terror at the sight of
the negro.
Adams fled, but in the same block
encountered two policemen. There was
an exchange of revolver shots, and
Adams was captured and locked up.-—
Philadelphia North American.
A Baby Ills Undoing.
A remarkable incident in shipping la
the run of the French bark Alice Marie.
now off the Capes, bound from San
Francisco to this city. Notwithstand
ing she has not a pound of cargo she
will have earned J5000 for her owners
on the run. She left San Francisco on
December 16 on a voyage of 14.000
miles around Cape Horn. On March
30, In latitude 36.30, longitude 74.40, she
was spoken by the Norwegian steam
ship Freke, and was reported by that
steamer.
The cash she will receive will come
from the French Government under
the subsidy laws of that republic
Every mile she covered means so many
francs, which in a 14,000-mile passage
amounts to over $5000. Freights on the
Pacific Coast were scy much depressed
when the Alice Marie arrived at San
Francisco that her owners ordered her
to Philadelphia to load for the Orient.
Vessels of other nationalities having
no subsidy were obliged to accept what
they cofrfcljcet or tie up. Every year
under the laws of France the subsidy
grows less, and the owners are deter
mined to make a good thing of it while
It lasts.— Philadelphia Record.
Easy 3Ioney.
"After the luncheon I thought over
the matter and puzzled my mind to
know why a teal duck could be eaten
on Friday when a mallard would be
under the ban of the church. For
that reason I asked a good friend of
mine who is a pastor of one. of the
churches. He informed me that a teal
duck was not flesh any more than a
trout or a minnow. The teal is the
same as a turtle or an egg, neither
flesh nor fish. And there is good rea
son for this, too, when you come to
analyze the peculiar habits and tastes
of the teal. This little duck will not
feed on anything but fish, or little
things of that sort that live In water.
That accounts for the teal having such
a strong fish taste. He lives on min
nows and small fish altogether. On
the other hand the mallard eats grain,
such as wild rice, corn, wild grasses
or the seeds thereof, besides feeding.
as does the teal, on minnows and small
fish. But simply by the mixing of the
diet the mallard is under the ban so
far as adorning, the Friday dinner
table of an orthodox Catholic goes."
Baltimore American.
"Did you know that a teal duck i3
not flesh?" lnauired one of a party
of gentlemen who were discussing the
high price of fish since the Lenten
season set in. "It's a fact. The teal
duck is not flesh, even if it is a fowl.
It is the same as a winged and
feathered fish, and any good Catholic
can safely eat one for fish during the
Lenten season or on any Friday. I
did not know this was a fact until a
few days ago, when I happened to be
a guest at a luncheon whereat sat
one of the great dignitaries of the
Catholic church. It was on a Friday
and I was astounded when a teal
duck was served at every plate. But
I knew that there were good Catholics
there and that one of the arms of
the church government. In fact, sat at
the same table and had a duck before
him. so I . .Jd nothing just at the time.
Teal Duck Xot Flesh.
"With a whining plea that he was
the sole support of his wife, his chil
dren and his aged mother, Edward J.
Rlley tried to-day In vain to ward off
mete punishment for his outrageous
act In setting fire to his delicate wife
after saturating her garments with
coal oil. Six months' confinement In
the City Prison, the maximum penalty
of the law, was the sentence Imposed
by Police Judge Mortimer Smith, who
was deaf to the appeal.
"You're lucky that you are not on
trial for murder," declared Judge
Smith. "I believe that your family
and vour mother are much better off
without you. Riley. and all I can say
is that the punishment does not flt
your crime."
It was because Mrs. Rlley relented
In her prosecution of her brutal hus
band that he was allowed to plead
guilty to a charge of battery Instead
oX going to trial on the more serious
accusation of assault to commit mur
der.
Riley has to serve a fifty days' sen
tence for drunkenness as well as the
longer term given to-day. With a
boldness that did not help his cause,
the prisoner told Judge Smith that he
thought the fifty days' term was am
ple to cover his offense, but his Honor
took a different view of the situation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jane 11.
Judge Smith Thinks Pris
oner Is Lucky He Is Not
a Murder Case Defendant
SIX MONTHS IN JAIL
Maximum Punishment Is
Given to Edward Eiley,
Who Tried to Cremate Wife
BRUTE'S PLEA
OF NO AVAIL
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 190*.
Little People of the Oakland Public Schools Present an Admir
able Display of Flowers, Fruits, and Vegetables Grown by
Themselves--- An Experiment in New Method of Nature Study
STUDENT FARMERS AND GARDENERS
MAKE FINE EXHIBIT OF PRODUCTS
40
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 1904
The' Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on August
30, 1004, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fall to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low "rate of 50
cents per copy. Out of town
orders 25 cents additional ; to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion charges.
BRANCH OFFICES "'' ¦'".'¦
pF THE CALL IN
-'¦ ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
101 C Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.' ] .
2148 Center Street. ' ;il ?
Telephone North 77. 'J
ALAMEDA. V\ '
1435 Park Street!
Telephone Alameda 4502.CHICAGO. June 11.— An excellent weather
map and the bearish Government crop report
were the main factors Jn the wheat pit at
the opening, although an easier tpne In for
eign markets had some effect here. Initial
quotations In July were off %c to V£6Hc at
K»*ic to MTsJjSSc. Sentiment m the pit was
quite bearish. A potent factor In the situa
tion was a crop report of the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, which stated that shipping
wheat Is fully as advanced now as at the
corresponding time last year. The fact that
harvesting is well under way also seemed to
attract traders to the bear side.
Future Grain and Provisions.
As will be seen In the first column, there are
reports In New York that Prunes are being
offered for fall delivery on a 2%c basis. Thesa
reports have cropped up lately, but thus far
are not confirmed. Otherwise there Is nothing
new - '
FRUITS — Apricots. FQlCc for Royals and
0O12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4VJ»
6c:' sun-dried. 3©4%c; Peaches. 7©8c:
Pears. 8%©12c: Figs, white. 2«.©3c In boxes;
black. 4Vic: Plums, pitted. 597%c per lb.
PRUNES— 19C3 crop. 282»ic for ths four
* 'jtAISINP— F. c. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without net Ice) are as
follows: 5O-lb boxes^ — Loose Muscatel. 4-crown.
4c per lb: 3-crown. 4%e: 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose. 3-crown, 4c; 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless.' 4c: seedless Sultanas. 3%c: Seedless
Muscatels. 3'Jc: do floated, 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy. &%c: choice. S^e*
12-ot cartons, fancy. 4 %c: choice. 4*»c: In
bulk, fancy. 5Vic: choice, 5c: Imperial clus
ters.. $3; Dehesa. S2 50; fancy. S3; London
Layers. S-crown. $1 35; 2-crown.'- SI 23. -—w-.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13%014c:
No. 2. Il%ei2c; No. I hardshell, 13«*13%c;
No. 2. ll@ll%c: Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils, ll%c for I X U lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9!ia for Lansuedoc; Peanuts. C37c for
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honcy.
1 Chicago Board of Trade.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 11.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances shows: Ax-all
able cash balance. $106,253,441; gold $71 -
047.310.
Continued on Pase 37.
NEW YORK, June 11.— Total Imports of
dry roods and genera] mercnaniilse at the
port of New York for the weex ending to-day
were valued at ;6.942,4S9.
BxDorts of si>ecie at New York during the
week were $274,774 gold and $19,266 silver.
Exports and Imports.
CASH BARLEY,
Feed. $1©1 03%: Brewing. $1 OCUffl 08*4;
Chevalier. $1 02%@t 10 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December... SW ttti 65'i 93%
OATS— Are dull and more or less weak at
the lower prices. Buyers are Indifferent, as
th»y are waiting for the new crop, which will
not be along for some time yet.
White. SI 40&1 45; Black. $1 20£l 23; Red.
$1 20^1 30: Gray, nominal.
CORN — Quiet, firm and unchanged, with mod
erate stocks.
Western / sacked. $1 60fil 05 for Tellow.
$1 47%61 02% for White and $1 4501 30 for
Mixed: California large Yellow, $1 55; small
round do, $1 535 1 60; White, $1 53 per cU;
BARLEY — The week closed with futures
about a cent lower and the cash grain quiet
and aUo oil. The situation is featureless.
California -Club. $1 27%»1 35; California
White Australian. $1 02%Gl 57%; Northern
nub. $1 3001 40; Northern Bluestem. $1 00
61 05 per ctl.
B FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a, m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 29% $1 £0*4 $1 23 $1 29%
WHEAT— The week closed without much
change except In tills local market, where
futures declined lc. The cause of the decline
was the growing feeling that the price wan run
up: too high on the recent hot winds, and as
crrti prospects en the coast as a whole are
brilliant holders are getting alarmed and are
getting rid of their long stuff. The cash grain
remains quiet and unchanged.
The Chicago letter of Mitchell. Mulcahy &
Co. said!, "The Government report Is about as
expected and. Inasmuch as It shows an Im
provement'over 0 month ago. is bearish. The
statisticians figure the crop anywhere from
25.tiOU.yOO bushels below last year to 20.000.WO
bushels in excess, depending on their estimate
of the par. yield. Cables are dull and weather
conditions continue fine for the crop. Cash
situation Is wholly unencouraglng and prices
continue to crumble all along the line. In view
of several days* break there was rather better
buying of the deferred futures, but the whole
market is tame and can hardly be called strong.
The visible supply on Monday will show some
decrease, though probably not as much as last
year. World's bhipments are estimated at
io.000.0u0 bushel*. Bullish confidence based
on cash situation Is gradually being dissipated
by the near approach of new crop. Demand of
every character Is from hand to mouth. We
are still of the view that Wheat may be sold
on tttfe hard spots."
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
NEW YORK. June 11.— COTTON— Futures
opened steady; July. ll.SOc; August. 11. 35c-
September. 10.2&c: October. 0.90c: November
S.Wic: December. 9.S5c: January, 9.90c.
Futures closed very steady; June, 12.16c;
July. 12.29c; August. ll.S5c; September. 10.57c;
October. 10.12c; November. 10.01c; December'
10.03c; January. 10.07c.
Spot closed q'ulet, 70 higher: Middling Up
lands. 12.S5c; Middling Gulf. 13.10c.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
Local securities closed the week quietly, with
Alaska Packers lower at $137 50 and Gas and
Electrlo tomewhat higher at $B1 50.
The oil stocks were dull. There was a re
covery in the Com«toek mines. Ophir running
from $3 85 up to $4 43 and closing at $4 33.
Mexican sold up to $1 40 and the other stocks
were more or less unsettled In sympathy. The
Tonopah stocks sold heavily again at generally
firmer prices, several making substantial ad
vances, as will be seen. -
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 10.16A shares, valued at $3141. the lead-
Ing sales being as follows: Oil City Petro
leum, 2300; Superior. 5100; Four, 050; Home.
7C0.
The Cypress Lawn Improvement Company
has declared a regular quarterly dividend of
10c per share, payable June 17.
A special meeting of the stockholders of th«
Placervllle and Lake Tahoe Railway Company
has been called for August 8 to vote on a.
proposition to create a bonded Indebtedness of
$1,000,000.
The Sbenandoah Consolidated Mining Com-
Mining Stocks Active, but Local
Shares Dull.
STOOL MARKET.
The Siberia took out a treasure list of $169.
220. consisting of $211 o In Mexican dollars,
$500 in gold coin. $3S0 in gold dust and $90.SO->
in silver bullion for Hongkong and $73,105 In
sliver bullion for Shanghai.
Rates showed no variation beyond a slight
decline in Silver.
Sterling Exchange, tixty days.... — H 6G
Sterling Exchange, sifcht — 4 $S
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 t^v
New YcrU Kxchance. sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per ounce — 53.V
Mexican Dollar* 43 q _
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW TORK. June 11.— I»cal metal markets
to-day were ' Quiet and unchanged from the
final figures of Friday.
Trade features were not In evidence
Tin eaey. *2« 95.
Opper. lake and electrolytic, $12 00S12 73
carting, $12 37U012 50. «v***- <«*.
Lead quiet. $4 'S.G* 35.
Spelter, ?4 7WJ4 87%.'
Pig iron warrants quiet. s^>t S9 12%.
Northern and Southern foundry iron un
changed.
Nczv York Metal Market.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
The fruit rraiket waa liberally supplied. r\"t
a» u*ual i n Saturday the demand for local c n-
STii.tlo:! r.-a< Kri^k and prices of irijj; rlettrrip
t!jn» wert writ maintained. Carried i ve- lo's
of Currants met with prompt sale at good
flffvr-:* during the early trade, but frvh «r
rlvali which come to hand late In the tcte
noon ha>i tn be sold at sharply reduced prictif.
Receipts of Strawberries were less liberal than
previously, but the abundance of other berries
prevented any great advance in prices. Packed
Cherries were rather dull owing to the lack
of demand for shipping, but loose stock was
well cared for and goctl sound stock cleaned
up well at the familiar rates, with surplus lots
going to the eanners. Seedless Grapes from
Yuma sold, at $1 5C02 per crate, while some
of the same variety from Coachella dragged at
$1 p»r crate. Cherry and Clyman Plums were
offering freely and sold from 50c to $1, accord
ing to quality and sire of package. Early
Alexander Peaches arrived from several sec
tions and met with a fair demand at $1@1 23
per box. The other deciduous fruits chowei
little change.
Stocks of Oranges were moderate and good
sound fruits were steady at unchanged rates.
The other Citrus fruits were fairly active.
STRAWBERRIES— $C>@12 per chest for
I-oMKwcrths and $2 50@4 00 for the larger va
rieties.
LOGANBERRIES— $2 00^4 per chest end
$3*T4 for black.
BLACKBERRIES — $5«?7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES — $10fil2 per chest; crates
from Newcastle. Sign 23; from Fresno. $2.
GOOSEBERRIES— 283%c per lb for small
and i'-H'c for English.
CURRANTS— $2©4 per chest.
CHERRIES— In drawers M)07Sc: In bulk.
3«55c per .lb for Black. 2»3%c for common
White and 4%©6c for Royal Anne.
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates 60c®$l;
basket*. 60Q75c.
APPLES — 51 50®2 25 per box for old crop
and 2.*>f?50c per box or basket for new green.
PEARS — t06&0e p»r box or basket.
CANTALOUPES— $1 for smalPand $3 50®
4 50 for lnrge crates.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2 8033 50
for fancy. $1 M>©2 50 for choice and $101 50
for standard: Seedlings. $1 2391 50: Valencia i.
SI &0*?2 RO! Mediterranean Sweets. II 75: Tan
gerines $1 7502: Lemons, $2 50C?2 75 for fancy.
$1 5061 75 for choice and Sl«l 23 for stand
ard: Grape Fruit. $1 50«2 f^>r atedless and $16
1 50 for ordinary:- Mexican. Limes, $5£5 00 per
case: Bananas. $2's'3 per bunch for Central
American and $1@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$233 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Flour, qr sks .. 6.«60!Hop». bales .... M
Wheat, ctls 3.fH4!Wool. bales ... l«t
Barley ctls .... 3,325! C^rnmeal ctls.. 500
Oats ctls 6O«iCern. West, ctls 600
Rye. ctls »3! Quicksilver, fiks. 250
Beans, sks *W Shorts. sVs .... 323
Po'atoe*. sks .. 1.B-T2! Hides. No l.»T<J
Onlona. sks ... {^31 Leather, rolls .. $A
MI'Mltncs. sks.. l.I»22Llme. bbls T3»
Bran sks 1,225! Wine, gals .... 65.400
Hay. tons 4f>ni Pelts. No 2.309
Straw, tons . . . 10!
FOR SATURDAY. JUNE 11.
Receipts of Produce.
fltOth Meridian— Pacific "Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 11—5 p. m.
T>» following maximum and minimum t»m
r-er«rur«?s are reported for preceding day from.
Eastern cities :
Boston «4-5tfNew Orleans J*>-76
Cincinnati 74-56 Philadelphia «2-S2
Jatksar.ville $4-72 Washington M-02
6t. Louis 78-C2 New Tork 66-52
THE COAST RECORD.
—~ = 2 Z = 3 5
i s|il A ti t
STATIONS, ~;S||?§ f m S
i %- i f- •* ~
• c s : • s
: 3 3 • : :
Eck^r .to.24 C2 SO NW Clear Too
? ¦arson 20. f>0 75 42 W C~iear .««>
Kureka 30.<*4 5S 44 NW Clear .«)
rresno 29.74 1"2 «0 W «1ear .00
F E. FaraUoa.29.K7 S2 M NW riear .00
Flagstaff ». 74 74 .*» SW near .W
Pocate'.lo S".14 «4 r^ W Oear .W
Iniepecdence .2a.7<5 J>O »3 HE Clear .00
Ix.B Angeles ..2T»>0 KS S4 W (near .00
»!t. Tamalpaie -29.«» « «3 N tnear .00
North Head ..-"V».2S M 4<5 NW Oear .00
ptioecix 2».«2 1CS 64 W Clear .(O
P.lnt Reyes ..23.7» fa 4S N Clear .00
Portlsrd -"iO.16 72 4«J NW C.ear .00
Red Bluff 2».R0 »4 6S N Clear .00
Jioseburg »».12 74 3S N Clear .00
Sacran-.»nto ..20.7S PO 70 NW Clear .00
a«j t Lake »0.f>4 70 46 NW Clear .Of>
f"an Francisco. 2S«.«:: Ml 56 W Clear .O0
fi L Obispo..25'.7 < » J»6 4« W cr.ear .«O
han Diego r«.KI 72 62 FW Clear .W>
p e ,» t l e .Vt.32 «i6 46 NW Clear .00
Fpokaa* -Tn.2n O» 40 FW Clouay .01
Tttoosh 30. .14 .'»S 46 NW Clear .00
Wella Walla. -S0.S2 72 41 NW Oear .(*>
•Wir.neicucea ..."Kt.«2 74 49 N Clear .00
-r uma 2*.t2 108 74 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen steadily along the
r.-*rt. Warmer weather prevails in the San
Francisco Bay section and also in Oregon and
V.'aifcington. Afternoon temperatures In the
great valleys range from S*> to 1(X> degrees.
No rain has faJien west of the Rocky Moun-
A tnax'.n-.um wind velocity of thirty-six miles
Jrcm the nor.hwejt is reported at North Head.
Forecan tna^e at San Francisco for thirty
tours ending midnight. June 12:
Northern California — Fair Sunday, continued
¦warm weather !n tte icterior; light northerly
Southern California— Fair Sunday: light
¦ainis In tie morning, changing to fresh west
erly.
Nevada — Fair Eunfiay: warmer.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday:
cooler Sunday night; tight cirth winds, chang
ing to westerly. A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twen'.y-four hour*, ending 3 p. a.,
12f>th rr.erldisn. Faa Francisco. June 11:
? "3 2 ? m»
5*= =*3 ' • ¦
STATIONS. §= aS o % V 5
: : : :
Colusa S3 71 Clear .00
nur»>5ia 5S 44 NW Clear .00
Fresno 102 «0 W Clear .00
Hanford »» t* Clear .00
llollister 1« 45 W Oear .W
Indrj-endence W> «2 £E Clear .00
King City 1"3 43 Zi Clear .00
l.Uenror* 100 49 .... Oear .00
Ijom Angeles M M W Clear .00
iV-ced 1°1 ?« C\t^ .00
Z±' »9 43 Clear .00
Vem-man » 64 Clear .CO
Palerrao *» <l * -••• Clear .00
Ited Bluff 94 «» N Clear .00
riverrid? 1« £2 .... Clear .CO
tacrsrnenJs «> 70 NW Clear .00
H^ Diego 72 62 EW Clear % 00
Fan Francisco *6 0« W Clear .00
£JnjW^ W W -•- C<« r - 00
Luis Oblspo.... JW 48 W Oear .00
kiStT Maria ....... S* 4H .... Clear .00
£aW nosV »5 47 .... Clear .00
F*oeMoa ........... «2 «5 -... "ear .00
w£ow. 03 .... Clear .CO
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
lUversidc — Peaches aad apples made poor
growtli la early sprlcs.
Receipts were 55.700 lbs Butter, 12S7 cases
Eggs and 12.&00 lbs Cheese.
I1UTTKR— Creamery at first hands. lS%ei9c
for extras and 17%©lSo for firsts; dairy, 169
-17%c; store Butter. 13315c; cold storage, nom
inal.
CHEESE— S©6%c for gcod to choice new
and 667c for lower grades;- Tounc Americas.
$*30>4c; Eastern. 12%©Hc; Western. 11912=
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 21023c for fair to choice:
stor< l«5@19c; Eastern. 20@21c for Trsts and
1C%@1Sc for seconds.
The week closed on dull markets all around.
Butter was still in free supply but steady,
while Cheese presented the same old spectacle
of crowded shelves. Receipts of Eggs showed
sornw falling off. but the^s was plenty on the
market, which was quoted steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Weather Report.
Wheat — July. Sept.
Ovening 6 3% 6 4%
Closing « 3% 6 4%
PARIS.
Wheat — June. Sept.-D»c.
Opening 20 15 20 SO
Closing 20 20 20 35
Flour —
Opening 27 45 27 60
Closing 27 45 27 45
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. June 11.— WOOL— Steady: Ter
ritory and Western mediums, 16®21c; fine me
dium. l«©17c; fine. 15@17c.
ST. LOUIS. June 11. — Wool steady: medium
grades combing and clothing. 15@2:k:: light
fine. 15®l&c; heavy fine, 12gl5c; tub washed,
27ff32c.
Northern Business. r
SEATTLE. June 11. — Clearings, $778,577;
balances. $l$0,163.
TACOMA. June 11.— Clearings. S2S5.909;
balances. $42,440.
PORTLAND, June 11.— Clearings. ?47S,m
410: balances, $76.68S. •
SPOKANE. June 11.— Clearings. $359,644;
balances, FJO.470.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. June 11.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 70c; bluestem. 7Sc; valley. 79c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 11.— WHEAT— Strady: blue
stem. fc2c: club. 72c.
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
POULTRT— Ll\e Turkeys. 15&lt>c per Ibr
Gre«e. per pair. $1 23S1 50; Goslings. $1 50©
1 (5: Ducks, S403 per doien for old and
$4 5005 50 for young: Hent. $5 50©6 00 for
large and $4 5O35 for small: young Roosters.
$7 PO®9; old Roosters. $4 5093: Fryers. $5 50»
« 50: Broilers. $3»4 for large and $2 25S2 30
for small; P!;eons. $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 75Q2 foi* Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 00 per doxen: RabblU. $1 73
£- for Cottontails and $1 per dozen for brush.
Except for large young chickens which were
in limited supply, the Poultry market was v»ry
much <i«pre£«<-U and closed weak, with quite
a quarUly of ur <"t*lrable offerings, particu
larly Bt(!l«ts anu Hens, s'.lll unsold. Five
cars cl W«M«rn t«ere marketed during the
>/"rk uni a jortion of the fifth car was still en
l-an.l at th» ci>.-r inl Lad to be carried >ver.
Poultry and Game.
NEW TORIC June 11.— Close: Money on
call was nominal: no loans. Time money was
dull and easy, with sixty and ninety ***}£?•
at 2g2% per cent and six months at ob<»5%
P *PrinTe t mercantIle paper-<5%e4U per cent
Sterling exchange was weak with •«"»'
business in bankers' bills at »«-8«3e 4 -, s V 35 '°T
demand and at $4.S53O@4.S54O for sixty-day
Posted rates-S4 S6S4 86% and $1 SS84 SS%.
Commercial bills— $4 *4%e* 83.
Bar silver — 55%c.
Mexican dollars — »4%c. „ . .„„,
Bonds Governments steady; railroads strong.
Nczv York Stocks and Bonds.
" NEW TORX ETOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. I»w. a^se.
*tchl«cn 6.W1 71% 70% 71%
Baltimore & Obio.. 4.31O 73% .9% <»W
"Xh li?" jg* £*
Chicago A- Alton ?i£
Chi & Al ten pfd •- •••• •••• fip
»7bi & Gt Western. 700 13% 13Jt 13%
Chi * Northwestern 100 H>7» 4 1«J\ 18^%
«:hl M A St P 4.700 142T« 142% 14- Jn
Chi M & St P pM 1< 2*
Chi Term & Trans •
Chi T * T pfd "^»
C C C t St Louts rj
Colorado Southern *|
bssm 1 1 ii i
Kn.'erlRO^:: ~hi» 20" »%
Er, n - Ve . r .. fc . R .. G . P :f: 2.7^ IU 2^ 2%
Erie let pfd 2.200 M% gj*
Erie 2d pfd Sno 35T, 35% 84%
Hocking Vall»y l°0 « f*,. f 5
Hocking Valley pfd 100 W% 80% |9
Illinois Central ,- ••-; «o
Iowa Central 1OO 1«H \^ 1*
loua Central pfd. lf*> S3% 33% 33
Kansas City So..-. 2W» 19% 1&% 1»H
Kansas City So pfd ."-,• ,~ •«
Ix>ul«:ile A Naih. 600 100% lOOU 109
Manhattan L *«> 144H 144 144%
Met Securities !.«*> W 'P'4. »Ji
Mtt St Ry 4.600 114 113 113%
Minn & St Louis ••-- «
M -St P fc S Ste M. 1.000 63 62% 62%
M S P & F S M.pfd K« 118% 11»% H»H
MiesouH Paciflc... 4.3W> 93H »1*» »!*?
Missouri K * T... 500 16% 16% 16S
MoK&Trid 200 35% 33V* 33%
Nat RR of Mex pfd 35%
New Tork Central. l«0 115% U5«, 115
Norfolk A Western 1.500 56 65% 53%
Norfolk fc W rfd •- J»
Ontario & Wertern 3.200 25% 24Ji 25
Pennsylvania 7.200 115% 114;, 11SJ4
Pitts CC A St L «>%
Reading 12,200 47% 47% 47%
Reading in pfd... 100 SHi 81'i «1%
Reafilng 2d pfd ' «>
Rork Island Co.... 2.400 21% 31 20%
Rock Uland Co nfd W>0 64% 64>i 64%
St L i S F id pfd. 700 46 44 46
St Louis fW .... 1.000 12 12 11%
Ft Louis SW pfd... 200 2»% 29% 29
Southern Paciflc... 4.4O0 47% 47% 4.%
Southern l.JK» 21 20", 21
Southern Ry pfd.. V<0 84% 84% M%
Texas A Pacific... 100 21% 21Vi 21%
Toledo St L A W 22%
TStL&Wpfd... 100 37% 87% 37%
Union Pacific 7,3tt) S5% i5% W%
Union Pacific pfd W%
Wabash 8TiO 16% 1«% 16V*
V.'aM'f-. pfd 700 33% 34% 34 *«
Wheeling A L E 14
Wisconsin Central 17
Wisconsin Cen pfd 38
Mexican C-ntral... 900 7*4 7'i 7!i
Express Companies —
Adams 225
American 1S1
United States 100 103% 103% 103
Wells-Fargo 203
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 2,200 4ftT, 49% 40%
Am Car & Found.. 100 17% 17% 17%
Am Car A F pfd .... 70%
Am Cotton Oil 22%
Am Cctton Oil pfd So
American Ice 6%
American Ice pfd 20% I
Am Linseed Oil 7% I
Am Llneeed Oil pfd 24
Amer Locwnctlve. . 3<O 1«% 10% in
Am Loco pfd 100 82*4 82% 82
Am Smelt A Ref.. K>0 53% 53% 53«i I
Am S tc Ref pfd.. 800 0S% OS P«'« :
Amer Sugar Ref ... 900 12t>% 12«U 12«% ;
Anaconda Mln Co 72
Brklyn Rap Trans. 12.700 48% 48 4$%
Colo Fuel A Jron.. 200 30% 3O% 30
Consolidated Gas.. 000 ISO 189% 100
Corn Product* 100 10% 10% 10«4
Corn Products pfd «7 j
Distillers' Sees 300 20 20 I»% :
General Electric... 100 158 158 157% :
International Paper 400 11 . 10% 10% :
Jntemtl Paper pfd. 500 67% <J7% C7Vi
International Pump - 30
lnterntl Pump pfd 70
Nation*! Lead 2,100 21!, 21% 21%
North American 82%
Pacific Mail 23
People's Gas »6»4 ;
Pressed Steel Car.. 300 27 2C% 26%'
Pressed S Car pfd 68
Pullman PaU^ Car 100 211% 211% 211
Republic Steel 100 6% 6% 6}i
Rpublle Steel pf3. 200 41 41 41
Rubber Goods 15
Rubber Goods pfd 73U
Term Coal A Iron.. 1.000 35% 34% 34T,
U S Leather .~v-. 6%
U S Leather pfd... 100 80 80 80
U S Realty 1.000 « 5% 6
II S Realty pfd.... 200 6<S 57% 57%
IT 8 Rubber 200 16% 16% 16
II S Rubber pfd... 4<X» 66% Cfl%. <*U
V S 6te«l 1.400 0U fl% 0%
U S Steel pfd 0.000 04% 54% 54%
WecUnghouse Elec 155%
Western Union 87 j
Total sales 132.400 shares,
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.'
NEW TORK. June 11.— Bond transactions:
United Railroads of San Francisco. 1000 at
$78 23.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4, asked 4%; preferred, bid 38,
asked S8*£.
NEW TORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..l04%|Hock Val 4%s 107%
Do coupon 105'<il. A N unified 4s. 1 02
Do 3s reg 1<£% Man con gold is. 103%
Do coupon 106 JMex Central 4s.. 62%
Do new 4s reg.i:<2>;i Do 1st Inc.... 12%
Do coupon 1321,4 1 Minn A St L 4s. Oft
Do old 4s reg.106 M. K *. Tex 4s.. 5S%
Do cocpon 107 I Do 2ds ....N.... 77*4
Atch gen 4s 101% KB of Mcx con 4s. 74%
Do a<!J 4s 91U NYC jren 3%s..l00
Atlantic C L 4s. SS% S J C gen 5s 131
Bal Si Ohio 4S...1C2 i Nor Pac 4s 104%
Vail sd\iees from New Tort say:
"T!;«.re »cr* rumors of ral^s of new crop
PaTta Cl£ra Pjrrnes for October shipment at
the <n*ni:is; prit-e of 2^«c. wnlrh axi
munwi c«i Friday, but nothmg definite could
h» learned. la some well-inlormed quarters It
«o Faid that negotiations were landing on
ton-.e 'toit cf 1904 Prunes, but nothing had yet
resumed. The trade a? a whole show little
interest in futures. • >ld Prunes are rcovir.g
flowly ar.d In small lots only, but the market
t-f_< f, ttradr tone. «!th some firmness maiii
'*Vtrd !a connection with 4fe to «Os. which are
said tf. be in small supply c-n the spot. The
Goverrrraer.t is it. the market for 60.00<> pound*
of Urs«- sire?, which are wanted for the army
Oennnlssarv Department. Thtre was little call
for Peaches but th* market remained firm as
¦ result of the limited supply, most of »hkh
is said *.o rtrnfcist of th» finer rrad«-s, for which
th-re is not much demand. Apricots remain
ten quiet, txit »rc net urged for sale. Cali
fornia loose Muscatel Raisins arr dull and
tv tnir^l. I>ondon Layers ar« scarce and Bnn
at *1 ?<*S1 5i Sf to grade, with some demar.d
"-r sm»l! lots. It I? reported that buyers show
f me oisjxwition t« take hold of new crop Cur
rents for August shipment at the opening price.
and that seme m!es have been made. }»pot
«-urrar.i» remain firm at 4%,tT5c for unc.ear.ed
•¦•¦>-.•.- in barrels, bst we hear o? little doing
in tbcia at iwent."
Dried Fruit in Nczv York.
Nczv York Money Market.
pany of Amador County has levied aa assess
merit of 2c per share, delinquent July U.
The corporation of Upton (limltsd), of which
Sir Thomas Llpton is tb« head, has declared
a semi-annual dividend of 4 per cent, rr.ak'.rc
for the past year 7 per cent, against 9 per cent
in the preceding year.
An official telegram reports the yield of th«
Opktt mine for the current w«ek at 318 Dining' ;
carloads of ore. assaying StS 34 per ton. and
20 carloada. assaying SIS 57 per ton. For thai '
previous week the output was 323 cars, valued .
at SC3 11. and 63 can. valued at $13 61.
STOCK ASJ> BOXD EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Jens 11—12 tn. j
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. A»k! Bid. As*.';
4* cr conp..!07 Its7%[4 9 ex cp uew.lS2%133% 1
4s qr reg...lO6 lt'6%J3s qr coup... — 105U
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5S.1C1 — I Oak T Co 6s.ll»U —
Bay CPC 5s. — 103 | Do 5s Ill —
Cal C G 5a. — 1C5 Do con 5s. — 102%
Cal G A E g I Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m * ct 5s. §4H M |Om Cable «s. — 123
Cal-st C 5s. — 117'.ilPac G Im 4s. 91'j »4ti
C C Wat 5s. — 101 IP E Ry Ss.lM^lCS'.a
EdL & P «s.l23% — JPftCH 69.103 — ,
F * C H Cs.114% — P & O R 99. — US ;
Geary-st 5«.. — 65 Powell-*t «¦- — • 114 I
II C&S 5%s.lPO — Sac EGAK.-.S. 97'-i 9Sfi<
Do 5s »7 10O ISF * SJ\-5s.li6i* —
Hon R T Cs.105 — | Sierra R 6s.. — 113
L A Elec 5s. — 1T.S 1 S P cf A 6s
L A Ry 5«.111%112 I <l!>r.9> ic« —
L A L Co «s — — I (1910) 109 —
Do gtd «s. — — |S P r>f C Bs
Do gtd 5s.lO2% — | <1!*V>>Sr A. 102 —
LAP lcm Ss.101 — I O303)Sr B.102% —
Mkt-st C rts. — 119'il «100«> 1C4S* —
Do lcm r*-114 — j H912) 115 —
MV& MtT5s.lO1% — ISPC 1 eg 3s.H0 —
NRR of C6S.1O7H — I Do stmp<J..107*; —
Do 5s ....116%11T IB P B R 6S.131X, —
N P C R 53.1^4 — | S V Wat «S.1OT. —
N C Ry 5s.H0 112 I TV* U Mm. 9S 09
S r P C h. » — I Do 4s Sdni. — 9»
N S R R fs. W — |Oo t mtg 4s 97U —
O C L*H 5s.lO7 — jt»?kn G*E<5s- — 101
O W gtd 53. — IPO (TT O * E 5s. — 1C3
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa S3 40 I Port Costa... — — : ;
Marln Co.... — <«> |fl v Wat r o . 37^4 33 !
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * P. 3% 4 ! S F G & E. 61% O*
Mutual E L. ll»i 12 T ,!Stkn G A E. 5*1 —
Pac L Co... 56% — 1 1; G A E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — S35 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.l27ii — |L P & A. ...130 1»
Ang!o-Cal .. *!% 88 ! i!Mer Trust.... — 215
Bank ofCal.425 — J Merch Ex.... 3D —
Cal Safe Dp.143 147%f 9 F Natlonl. — —
First JJationl — — I
SAVINGS BAXK3.
Ger S t L.2275 2S3O Sav & L So. — 180
Hem S & L. — — Sec Ear Bk. — 430.
Mutual Sav.100 — Union T Co.. — -*
S F Sav U.640 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..195 2TO ! Presidio 40% — ¦
Geary — 6O f J
POWDER.
Giant 80% Cl IVigorit ..... — 9 ¦¦
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 15c | Kilauea S C. — 4%
Hawaiian C. COU W%|Makawell C. 21% 23
Honokaa S C US 12 lOnomea S C. 24 27 U
Hutch S P C 9% 9 |Paauhau S C. 13 13Ji
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. — — I Oceanic S Co. 4U <v
Cal F C A. — ICO I Pac Aux FA. S «
Cal Wln» A. 89»s 90%; Pac C Borx.l37H159
SIV* MtTm.100 — »
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers' Association... 137 5U
50 Hutchinson S P Co. b3 85O
50 Hutchinaon S P Co 8 5O
50 Oceanic S S Co 4 50 '
MR F Gas b Electric 61 54 '
33 Spring Valley Water Co, b 5.. 37 75 j
IS Spring Valley Water Co 37 73 '
$4,000 Oakland Transit 5 per c«st....lU 00
Street—
20 S F Gas tt Electric Ct CO
Unlisted Securities. .53* J
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. A*fc.t
Bay CPC «s. 88U W% SPCRfc- 100
Cal NW 8s.. — 112 S P Co 4%s. 90 —
M C Wat 5S.10O — Sun Tel Cs.OlS —
RIs I Wks3s — 107% Do 5s — 163
PF DriJk 3s. — 113% Suttr-st RSs.103 113
BF A NP 5s. — 111*4 UR of SF 4s. 7STJ 73»4"
MISCEU-ANEOU3 STOCKS.
Ala 8 Co... — SO Mat Nav Co. — P0
Amer Bis Co — 00 Nev Nat Bk. — - 200
Cal Cot Mils 80 87 N S 11 R Co. 9U -
Cal O&ECor. 40 4S X Cal P Co. — 11
Cal Powder.. — 15O Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oai T Con.. 73 —
Cal T I * T.113 — I IOOF Hall A « —
Cen Blc. Oak — 63 lOrpheum Co. — 13$J
Chutes Co .. 6T4 7% PacC Cas Co. 125 — j
City ft C Bk — 112 Pac S Tel.. .IPO _
Cyp L Imp.. 6*4 — Paraf Paint. SS —
East Dynm— — 230 S F Drydock «O — '
DpntPwa pfd — »© SFA9J Coal. 23 Mtf
Do com .. — 50 S J Wat Co. — 10«
FN Bk. Oak.120 — SO * MTgbt.125 — j
Fischer Thtr 75o — I Swlss-A Bk.115 — i
Frnch-A Bk.108 — | Track neet. 11 12Tf
Gas Con A.. — 23 lUR IaC pfd. 47 — *
Hono P Co. 14^i - Do com ... 9 —
Lon* SF Bk — CO f
Mornia; Session.
Street —
$4,000 United R R of S F 4j. cash.. 79 00
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7*40
7»ic ptr lb; Whits Lead. 7*i5?7*ic. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follow*, p^r lb. in 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed 5.9V*:
Powdered. B-SOc: Candy Granulated. 5.5-Oc; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c: Dry Granulated, coars*
B.70c; Fiult Granulated. 3.70c; Beet Granu
lated flOO-lb bags only). S.Cfle: Confectioners'
A. 3.70c: Macr.olla A 5.30c: Extra C. 3.20c;
Golden C. 5.10c: "D. 5c: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 23c more: boxes. 50c more; 50-ih
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels 6.20c; boxes. «.45r : H. * E. Crystal
Domino*. S.7OC per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 6^c; San Quentln. $5 40;
Wool Bags. 32835c; Fleece Twine, «eSc.
COAL— Wellington $8 per ton; New WelllEg
ton. $S; Seattle, SS 60; Bryant. $« 50: Beaver
Hill, $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7: Com
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 23 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Erg. $14:
Welah Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton: Coke. $11 3O©13
per ton In bulk and $13 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2C00 lbs and $12 SO
per long ton according to brand.
OILS — Quotations arc for barrels; for cases
add Be:. Linseed. 4»c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 1001 12: Lucol. 43c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 6O@7Oc per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. CSc for Ceylon asd 53e
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 6Sc; natural winter 8p?rm OH. 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. S7c; natural What*
Oil. 32c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 73c:
No. 1 Lard Oil. 63c; pure Neatsfoot OH. 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c: light Herring Oil.
42c: dark Herring Oil. 40c: Salmon Oil. 34c;
boiled Fish Oil 37c; raw Floh Oil. 35c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c: raw Faint Oil. 31c
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. Is bulk,
13%c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral. 20c:
Ptar. 20c: Extra Star. " 24c: Elaine. 26c:
Eocene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Oasollne. In
bulk. 16c: In c«s»s. 22 %c: Benzine, in bulk.
13c; In case*. 19 4c; 86-degre« Gasoline, In
bulk 2Sc: in cases. 31c
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon in cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
General Merchandise.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 10
per cent for shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%»8%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 6%tr~c; thin Cows. 495c per lb.
CALVES — «84%c per lb 'gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3U£3<!,c; Ewes. 2*;©3c
per lb Hktoss weight).
LAMBS— $2 2392 50 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs.. 140 to 200 lbs. Be:
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; cvr 250 lbs, 4^c; soft
Hogs, nominal; Sows. 20 per cent o£t; Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags. 49 per cent oS from
above quotations.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— <!©7c for Steers and C@6o p-er lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6G7c; small. "%Q0o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%97c; Ewes. 3bg6%c
per lb.
LAMB— 7?8c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. «%(J«%c per 1».
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Th» market continues liberally supplied with
all descriptions of Cattle, Sheep and Hogs and
prices are still weak bi consequence.
Meat Market.
EASTERN 3IAEKETS.
Th» report of G. N. Salisbury, section d!
r^-tor United States Weather Bureau, for th«
Washington Crop Bulletin, week ended June
7, is as fellow*:
The week was oa* ft Heal weather for the
*rrowlh cf all cror«. It waa moderately warm,
•with copious showers on two or three days,
ard abundant eunshlne on the other day*. Par
ticularly in the eastern tier of counties the
•bowers were abundant, and bring warm.
•osilng rains they penetrated the soil to a
considerable depth, and greatly benefited all
arc wing crors- .
Late «own erring wheat was given a r«>a
¦tan. and early *own spring wheat was
r-ushed forward rapidly, as well as barley.
o*t« potatoes and fleid and garden vegeta
bles.' Winter wheat is ia especially fine condi
tion, and unless unforeseen eonditlcms arise. It
«CI rr-ake a *p!en<i'.d crop In all districts. It
!s headed out and in HJtn* localities is in
b'.ooni Meadows sre excellent. There will
\v a short crop of cherries, plums snd prunes.
Hops sre very thrifty. Potatoes need more
rain Strawberries sre ripening; If there Is
not more rain there uill not be a large yield.
Washington Crop Bulletin.
ONIONS— Australian Yellow. $4 25^4 50 per
ctl; new Red. »0Sj95c per sack; new SUver
cktns. II 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 15£3nc p»r doz:
Asparagus. 4%@7c per lb; Rhubarb. 65@S5c per
box; Green Peas, $1 75ig2 per sack; Garden
Peas. 3%f;4c per lb: Etrlng and Wax Beans.
:t©5c per lb; Tomatoes 7MJ1 25 per box or
crate for Los Angeles, |1 25©1 50 for Mexican
and $1 50S1 65 for Mississippi; Summer
Squash. 50g75c per box for southern and $1 50
02 for bay: Cabbage. ?1 per clirCarrots, $1 25
per jack; Cucumbers. $1 23^1 75 per box; Gar
lic. ft$<ic per lb; Egg Plant. 64i7e per lb: Dried
Peppers, 8gl0c for sun-dried and 12%@13c per
lb for evaporated: Dried Okra. 12%@15c per 1J»:
Green Peppers. SilSc per lb; Marrowfat Squash,
Jobbing, at l%Q2c per lb.
New Potatoes continued to arrive freely from
th« river and the market had an easy tone, as
local trade was quiet and there waa nothing
do!n«r ,n the shipping line. Prices were un
changed, however, and occasional sales of extra
fancy stock were still reported at a slight
advance over the maximum quotation. Old
Potatoes were dull in sympathy with new and
prices were largely nominal. New Onions were
steady, but Australians were quoted lower.
Trade in miscellaneous vegetables was active
as usual on Saturday, but the market was lib
erally supplied and prices of mc«t descriptions
were lower. Receipts of Tomatoes from Los
Angeles were nearly 1000 packages and a car
load of Mexican waa marketed. Prices of thos«
descriptions ranged lower, but the Mississippi
article continued to sell off well at the pre
viously quoted ratr«. Peas and Asparagus
ruled firm, with the eanners still buying the
latter at 4%i&5c per pound. Green Peppers
from Stockton were offering again and sold at
12% 6 15c per pound.
• POTATOES— New White. $1 25®1 75 per
ctl: Early Roi>*\ SI 40©l 60 per ctl: old Oregon
Purb«nks. $161 40 per ct»- Ola river Turbanks,
9Oetfr*l f»r ctl. - .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Hacford— Oraln doing nicely; excellent pros
pects for grap«e and fruit. ««>»i,i^,.
Colusa— Prunes and Peas in good condition.
* V Et r S C kt4-Pro.pecU good for heavy Tokay
grap« crop; grain maturing rapidly-
Ean Jo»e— Apricou coming In i***-
Willows— Harxesting retards! by high
'^.^rl^he^^rlpenlng fast; medium
weather ripening grain
very fait: apricots will be fair crop.
s ara peach crop below average.
Ll£mor£-Orain yield will be below aver-
CcnStUons \:nehpg;ed.
Palermo— North wind still blowing: crop
a^a*Ro^cS? l i.™speet. unchanged from
lait report. aTg. McADIB. Section Director.
T»cal rank O«r:r.g» for tbs w*k Just
•n«ed show a gsJn cf $3,243,122 awtttW^
reeponfilng week of l«»t yfax. beirg $^S.CS3.^.3.
against S24.S40.441 In l?03. The cleannps dur-
U* tfcs sane v.eek in 1502 were S-5.1V2.180.
Bank Clearings.
There 1« nothing new to report tn the Bean
mnrket. which continues quiet, with Llmas and
Blarkeyen firm and the other sorts quiet and
rather easy than otherwise. Pinks are an ex
ceptions, as they are in light supply and
steadily held.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 25©2 SO; Pea. $2 8Oa3-
Butters. S3: email White. $2 g.V&3 10- Iarr*
White. $2 25®2 63: Pink, $3 45$3 60- Red
$4 23«4 BO: Lima. $3 23S3 33; Red Kidneys'
$4 756*: Blackeye. $2^2 10 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2@2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4 2.194 60- TMlow
Murtnrd. S2 50ff3; Flax. %l 8031 BO- Canary
5%fiS*ic for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%£f]6c- R»w'
1%©2c: Timothy. C«fl%c; Hemp. 3US4c per
lb: Millet. 3@3%c: Broom Corn Seed. $20^1
"'DRIED PEAS— Blackey*. |3 per ctl; JClles,
$3 25; Green Peas, S3«3Jf5.
Beans and Seeds.
As »Irea«Jy mentioned, th» movement In
Wool ha* been very brisk lately and receipts
have net been permitted to accumulate. Hides
are steady and unchanged. Hops continue
quiet *nd featureless.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls an* brands sell
about %&lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c: medium. «%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light: Stags.
6c:« Salted Kip »c: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf lie; dry Hides, lfic: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf! l*c: Sheermklns. shearlings, 2393Rc each:
short Wool 40003c each: medium. 70@00c: long
Wool. $1«1 '•<>: Horse Hides, salt. $2 7.1 for
large and $232 30 for medium. $1 IS^nj for
small and 60c for Colt*. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 73 for large and $1 50 for medium. S1S1 23
for small and 30c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 30c: dry Salted Mexican. 23c: dry
Central American. 3O032%c Goat Skins—
Prime Angoras. 73c; large and smooth. 00c:
medium. 35c; •mall, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered 4*iff4%e per lb;
No 2, 3%®4c: grease. 2%K3c.
WOOL. — Spring 'Clip— Humboldt and Mendo
dco. 1761»c: San Joaquin and Southern. 12
months'. 10©12c; do 7 months'. 9$?llc per lb:
Middle Counties. 13<?17c for free and 12915c
for defective: Northern. 1M?19<: for free and
14S10t- for defective; Nevada. 13916c. accord
ing to condition.
HOPS — Jobbing at 27%©30c per lb for Cali
fornia. 1003. For crop of 1904 the nominal
quotation Is 20c
Hides, -Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The Government has not" yet announced JU
awards of the Oat and Hay orders for Manila.
and it Is by no means sure that they will, do
secured by this market. There is nothing' new
to renort In Hay. Several cars of new Wheat
and Oat came in yesterday, but were not sold.
New Volunteer Wild* Oat continues to sell at
J74JS per ton.
Feedstuffs remain as before quoted.
BRAN— S22623 p«r ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24020 per ton.
SHORTS— $22623 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22 60©C3
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $23 6O«3l:
Jobbing. $32: Cocoanut Cake. $22023; Corn
Meal. rK#33: Cracked Corn. $32 5OS.13 50:
Mixed Feed, $22@23; Horse Beans. S3O&40 ptr
ton: Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAT— Wheat. $10^14 50; Wheat and Oat,
$11313: Oat. $9S?12: Wild Oat. $7#10: Bar
ley and Oat. $7@11; Stock. 57QS; Alfalfa, |79
10 per ten.
STRAW — 60680c per bal«.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Shipment of $169,250 in Specie to the Orient..
Local Bank Clearings gain $3,243,000 over last year.
Sikcr and Exchange slwzu little fluctuation.
V/all-sirect Stocks close the zveek firm. Cotton higher.
Local Sliares dull, but Mining Stocks active.
Wheat and Barley Futures about a cent lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet at previous prices.
No further change in Beans and Seeds.
Hay weak and corning in freely. Feedstuffs steady to hrvi.
Potatoes end Onions quieter and the latter lower.
Poultry weak and depressed, with stock still on hand.
Good Saturday demand for Fruits.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Nczv crop Prunes reported offering lovj in New 1 on.
Provisions still plentiful and not active.
Hops dull, Wool active and Hides steady.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs still coming in freely.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
.EVAPORATED APPLES— A *!irbt improve
ment In demand for export account has had a
good effect on the market and prices show a
hardening tendency. Common are quoted at
465>4c. prime at 5%c, choice at 6g6%c and
fancy at 7@"i;c
PRUNES— Show a somewhat steadier tone
though business has not been satisfactory'
Prices range from J»ic to 5!ic, according to
grade.
APRICXVre — Are quiet, but firm, with choice
quoted at 9%ei0c. extra choice at 10Vi5?10>4c'
and fancy at ll©13c. * B ' 4C>
PEACHES— Firm; choice quoted at 7«i7«c
extra choice at 7%eSc, fancy at 8%310c. '
,rS^ E^ TORK. June 11.— FLOUR— Receipts..
100 tari-els: exports. 12.500 barrels; mark»t
dull, without feature: winter patents. *5 1O«J
5 40; winter straights. ?4 85@5: Minnesota,
patents. 5565 35: winter extras S3 35@4- Min-
S3 S l°'.|3 b SO erS ' * 3 S564 10; wlnter low grades.
WHEAT— Receipts. 10.000 busheln- nale*
1.900.0CO bushel? of futures; exports 24 r**)
bushels. Spot, cany; No. 2 red. nominal ele
vEtor; No. 2 red. SI 11»; f. o . b. afloat: No I
Northern Duluth. SI OGl, f. o. b. afloat: No' I
hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options
were generally weak and lower under the In
fluence of a beari*h crop report, easier cables,
a splendid weather map and moderate unload
ing, the closing showing a partUI t4Q>i.ic net
decline. July closed at 91 3-lfic; September
closed at 84%e; De/ember closed at 83Sc
HOPS — Steady: State, common to choice
1W3 crop. 2fJ©35c; l»O2 crop. 23i^2Cr- olds'
»&14- : Paciflc Coast. 1003. 24g30c; 1902 crop'
23Q26C: old». Pgi4c.
HIDES— Steady; Galveston, 20 to 25 pound?
IRe; California. 21 to 25 pounds, 19c; Texas
dry. 24 to SO pounds. 14c.
WOOL — Firm: domestic fle»c» 25ff3*e
PETROLEUM— Quiet: refined. New York
8.0V; Philadelphia and Baltimore Sc; do in
bulk. 5.1(V.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady: No. 7 invoice
• c- mild, steady: Cordova, 9«igl3c.
BUTTER— Quiet; creamery, common to ex
tra. l*91SV»c; State, dairy, common to extra,
13?M7%e,
CHEESE— Quiet; State, full cream. imaU
colored. 7V;07%c; email white, «*;«7 T ic- large
colored. 707^0; large white. ~@7%e. '
EGGS — Quiet: Wetftern fancy, selected, 183
lS%c; first*. 17ei"%c.
SUGAR— Raw. steady; fair refining. 3%c;
centrifugal. 06 test. 3Tic; molasses eugar. 3%e
Refined, steady: crushed. 5.60c; powdered 5^;
granulated, 4.90c.
DRIED FRUITS.
New York Grain and Produce.
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. flOUIX T Central 119
Do for aect... IK.VilNor & Western... 57%
Anaconda 3<S| Do pfd 89
Atchlson 73 |Ont & Western... 25«
-j 00 P" .; W* FennsylvanJa .... 59K
Bal & Ohio S2V,|Rand Mines 10H4
ri n P / C k1 C . 121*4! Reading 24%
Che« & Ohio .Uigl T) O i, t pf( j 41 2
Chi Great West.. 14 ! Do 2d pfd... 33U
Chi Mil A St P.iwmso Railway .. ! 21%
P* Beers i9 *,\ Do pfd * R«
Den & Rio G.... 20%|s o Pacific 4*%
Do pfd 72 Union Pacific 87^
Er^ V =4*4! Do pfd jw%
»/> I« pfd «0%!U R Steel »il
..^MPM 37 Do k pfd ,Vt%
111 Central 13r,%jWabAh 17
lf Ul 5- & r N * &h ---- lfl2 I Do pfd 36
M. K & Texan.. 16 T i!
Bar silver— Steady. 25Nid per ounce
Money— 2^i$2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short Mils is 2% per cent and for three
months' bills 2 1-16©2% per cent.
Miscellaneous Markets.
SHEEP— Receipt*. 100. Unchanged. West
ern yearlings. $Mi\> 50; wethers. $5^5 50: ew»s,
S4 ~bfro 25; common and stockers, $335 15;
lambs, S3 50@7.
OMAHA. Nebr., June 11.— CATTLE — Re
erlptg, 1100. Nominally steady. Native steers.
51 75*i« lo: cows and heifers. $3 5O®5; cannere,
S2fir.; nockers and feeders. S2 75®4 10; calves,
52 WiiS 50: bulls, J2 75®4 50.
HOGS— Receipt*. 850O. Market 2%c higher.
Heavy S4 SO@4 00: mixed. $4 75®4 SO; lljrht.
$4 60S t 75; pigs. t4@4 50; bulk of sales, U 75®
4 SO. ,
KANSAS CITT. Mo.. June 11. — CATTLE^ —
R-ceipts. 5000. Steady. Native steers. S4 75>2>
6 35; native, cows and heifers, $2 5033 50:
?tockers and feeders, S3 25®+ 90; bulls, S2 75^
4 50; calves. $2 7504 7B: Western steers, $4 7o®
8 SO: Western cows. S2 50@5.
HOGS — Receipts, 3000. Strong. Bulk of
sale?. $4 70©4 So; heavj-. J4 80^4 90; packers,
$1 7.">«T4 85; pigs and llchjs, $4 25S4 75.
FHKEP— Receipts. 1500. Steady. Muttons^
S4 75^5 75; lambs, $5 *J.'.g7; range wethers,
$i 25g5; ewes. $3 5O&4 50. 1
OMAHA.
KANSAS CITY,
CHICAGO. June 11.— CATTLE — Receipts,
5CO. Nominal. Western. S6 25376 50; poor to
medium. $4 75fi6: storkers and feeders. S3^
$4 70; cow*. $1 75«4 50; helferu. S2 50^5 25:
ranners, $1 75^2 75; bulls, $2 50@l 30; calves,
*3«? 5 50.
HOGS — Receipt!": To-day. 10.000; Monday.
20.0C0. Strong. Mixed and butchers. H 80®
4 !>•">; good to choice hea\T. S4 0O®5: rough
heavy. $4 75@4 00; light. H 75@4 95; bulk of
tal-s. $4 S'>i?4 '¦<>. \
SHEEP— Receipts. 20.000. Sheep «nd lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers. SStffS 50; fair
to choice mixed. $3 75(^3; Western sheep, $4 50
©5 50; native lambn, S5@t> 75: Western lambs,
5 o 5030 50; spring lambs, $587 25.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO
CHICAGO. May 11. — On the Produce Ex
chiing* to-<Iay the butter market waa steady;
creamery. lZ-^HrlT'iC: dairy, ll*i®16c. Eggs,
dull and weak, l!ffl4Vic Cheese, weak, 7US9c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Money — I it s Steel 0
Call loan. ....2%©3%r 1>> pS :.'.'.":;.T m\
Time loans ...3%©* (Westing Common. 77
Bonds — j Mining
Atehlson 4s 100*4 1 Adventure 1
Do adj 4s W* t Allouex R«
« X .i"*"/* 1 4s ' *° AlMl Copper .... 49 V,
Railroads— Am Zinc 9%
Atehlson 71H;Atlantic 71J
D Do P'<1 JM^IBInKham 20%
Roston & Albany. 140 Calumet & Hecia-4.V>
Boston & Maine.. 103 Centennial m;
gps'on Elev u«% Copper Range 42'i
Kltchburg pf d . . . . 73\ 1 Daly West * 23 %
Mex Central 7«i|Dom Coal 55%
N T. N H & H..1S8 Franklin 7
Pere Marquette... 78 Grancy 31:
Lnlon Paflfic... fc5% Isle Royale 7U
Miscellaneous — Mut Mining .... ,"!»i
Amer Arge Chem. 13 Michigan si7
Do pf d 73 Mohawk 39«;
Amer Pneu Tube. 4^ Mont Coal & Coke 4U
Amer Sugar ....126% Old Dominion ... 12%
! °o PM 124%|Osceola BS%
Amer Tel &. Tel. 128% I Parrot 2-l5
Amer Woolen ... 10%|Qulncy 54
Do pfd 74 1; I Shannon '.'.'.'.
Dom Iron & S 7%ITamarack 91
Ed Elect Ilium.. 234 Trinity * 3*1
Gen Electric ....159 u S Minlns ..".'." liirj
Mms Electric... 1S% U S Oil..... 0&J
.Do pfd 71 Utah 3**i
Mass Ga« 39% Victoria 2
Cnlted Fruit 112%l\Vlnona 6%
Un Shoe Mach. ... 4S%| Wolverine Ti
Do pfd 29%|
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
CHICAGO, June 11. — Flour, quiet and steady:
winter patents, S4 7034 80; straights. S4 409
4 CO; spring patents. $4 30JJ4 SO: straights.
S3 l>0#4 30: takers'. 52 65SJ3 30; No. 2 spring
wheat 9O4h>Oc; No. 3. S6e«5c; No. 2 red.
$1 03fi"l 04; No. 2 corn, 4S*ic: No. 2 yellow.
50c; No. 2 oats. 41%e41Hc; No. 3 white. 41®
43%c- good feeding barley. 3S®42e; fair to
choice rnnlUi5g. 456 Me: No. 1 flaxseed.'ll; No.
1 Northwestern. SI 07: prime timothy-seed,
S2 95- mess pork, oer bbl.. S12 50®12 55; lard,
per 100 lbe.. ?6 ~09« 72%; short rtb« sides
<loos«) ?7 1C©7 12%; short clear sides (boxed).
$6 7567: whleky. basis of high wines, SI 28;
clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Articles — Rec?ipts. Shipments.
Flour barrel? 2S.100 15.200
Wheat, bushels 32.700 22.500
Corn bushels .' B33.600 287.300
Oats bushels 170.500 104.0TX)
Rye.' bushels 6.000 7.6CO
Barley, buahels 39.000 1.900
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Do3%s 95T4I Do 3 73".
Central of Ga 5».109% jfor & W con 4s. V.iK
Do 1st lnc 131 OSL 4s & partic. t»5»i
Cfce* & Ohio 4%s.lW»iiPa conv 3%s.... iW
Chi t Alton 3%s. 79 I Reading gen 4s... 100%
C Ii fc Q new 4s. 95T. S L & 1 M con Ss.lUT*
9.H. P ea 4< - 1W IS L & S F fg 4s. 82%
C * COI » 7s.l27?i|St Louis S\V lsts. 94 «i
*"•« * & * Pac **¦ ""^ Seaboard A L 4a. 70%
-tto^ljfc 79% So Pacific 4s.... 91
C> SL & 6L * n * 8 - 98 '» So Railway 5s llt>%
H? 1 Tl"? 4s 73h|Tex & Pac lsts.. 117*4
Cbns Tobacco 4s. C2 | Union Pacific 4s. 105
Colo & So 4s.... 82% Do conv 4s.... 96ft
C F & I con 5s. 03% U S Steel 2d 5s. 74^.
Den & Rio O 4s. 09*4 Wabash lsts 116
trie prior Hen 4S.100 Do deb B . 58%
F^ i^ Y,Vs:ig|^». & c^!% s ?r: S*
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS
.r. am * Coa 20! Little Chief ...'.. C5
-V lce iOIOntario 3 SO
* rte *' • lOJOphlr 3 50
Bruns Con 14|Phoenix io
Wm Tunnel .... C9|Potosl n
Con Cal & Va...l 25| Savage 70
Horn Silver 1331 Sierra Nev 33
J ron . S»ver 1 75 Small Hopes .... 13
LeadvWe Con ... 02| Standard - 00
The loading- futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat So. 2 —
July, old 87 87 86H 8«»*
July, new 88 &8 85% 83*4
September, old. 82>i R2»i 8m 82»4
September, new S<Hs S0»i SOVi 80%
¦ Corn No. 2 —
September 47% 4SU 47>4 4SH
July 48% 4S»i 4SU 48%
Oots No. 2 —
July •. S9H 3914 8S>4 39H
June 41'.i
September 31 U 31 tt 31 31ft
Mess Pork, per bbl. —
July 12 45 12 57H 12 42H 12 55
September 12 63 12 SO ' 12 62H 12 80
Lard, per 100 lbs.—
July 6 75 6 82H 6 72>4 6 77*4
September 6 90 6 97H » 6 80 6 95
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs.— .
July "12% 7 2O 7 12% 7 20
September 7 32% 7 37% 7 80 7 27%
The local market shows no change. Th«
Chicago market Is thus quoted by the private
wires of Mitchell. Mulcahy A Co. : "Pork 12Hc
higher and Lard and Ribs 5c to 10c higher. Re
ceipt* of Hogs contlnne to be disappointing
and far below what the trade generally had
expected ! at thin time. The distributive de
mand, particularly- for Meats. Is fairly good.
The action of the market shows no change In
tendency; It is strong. The market has bad
a sharp advance, however, and some reaction
does not seem unlikely."
CURED MEATS — Bacon. »*4e per n> for
heavy. 10c for llsht medium. 12c for light.
13 Vic for extra light and 15916c for sugar.
cured; Eastern suinr-eured Hams. 13c: Cali
fornia Hams. 12@12*4c: Mm I»f. S1O<9
10 50 oer bbl: extra Mew. Slieil 50; Family.
S12012 50: prime Mess Pork. S14: extra clear.
S23: Mm. S17 00; Dry Salted Pork. 9%c: Pig
Pork. *2S; Pigs' Ft«t. S3; Smoked Beef. 14a
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6t$e per lb for
compound and We for pure; half-barrels. pur*
8*4c- 101b tins. 9Hc; 5-lb tins. d%c; 3-lb tins.
9Uc.
COTTOLENE— On« half barrel. 8«ie; thre#
half barrels. Sfcc: one tierce. S%c: two tierces.
8c; five tierces. 7%e per lb.
Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60©
4 bO. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $1 5004 80;
Orcgon and Washington, jobbing at S3 80'3-t 23
per bbl.
MILLSTUFF8 — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, S3 60 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 SO: Rye Meal. S3 23; Rice Flour.
*7: Corn Meal. S3 50: extra cream do, SI 23:
Oaf Groats. U SO: Hominy. S4&4 23; Buck
wheat Flour. S4 5064 75: Cracked Wheat, S4;
Farina. S* 60: Whole Wheat Flour. S3 75:
Relied Oats. tbls. $7 25©S 60; in sacks. *8 759
8 10; Pearl Barley. *8; Split Peas. bom. 17;
Greta Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millsf tiffs.
j The oats roa fleet was slow. After opening;
unchanged at 399»c. July closed at 39V4c
I On active covering by commission houses
' and packers, provisions were strong the en
i tire session. The belief still prevailed that
. Eastern capitalists I held & lone line of ribs.
I Strength of tics prices was a help. At the
1 cloee September pork was up 12> &15c, lard
was 5c higher and ribs were up 7 Vic.
Egyptian. SI S2%« 1 <2£ tor Wilts and $1 259
1 30 for Brown. ; u '¦.''*>
RYE— $1 90C1 32H per ctL
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75©2 per ctl.
Eastern: Pecans. 11813c: Coccanuts. $4 5035.
. HONET- Comb. llU,ei2%c for white and
10911c for amber; 'water white extracted. 39
6c: Mfht amber extracted. 4%©3c; dark.
3%«4c .
BEESWAX— 27829c per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1904.
During ¦ the last hour the market showed
some resistance to the declining tendency.
Demand for September wheat was of suffi
cient volume to cause a considerable advance
in that delivery. In sympathy with the firm
ness of September the July option made a
partial recovery. After Belling off to feSVic,
I July closed at 6S3(c.
} A number of bearish influences, the mott
potent of which I were the weakness of wheat
and a large Increase In the movement, tended
to create a weak undertone In corn. The
' market closed at about the lowest point of
I the -day. July opened %c to "Jo lower at
I 4S?ic to iSTic aad closed at 48 1 .4®4S%c.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
41
ADVERTXSE3ILE2JTS.
ASSETS, $1,366,382.15
The Pacific States Savings, Loan and Building Com-
pany, 410 Pine street, invites subscriptions to its fifteenth an-
nual issue of paid-up stock. This stock is guaranteed divi-
dends at the rate of 5 per cent per annum. Checks for divi-
dends are mailed semi-annually. This stock participates also
in the surplus earnings.
WILLIAM PARDY, Secretary.
AUCTION SALES;
[(
li HorseT For Sale!
By order of JOS. ED3ON of Porter»tll», .
Cal.. I will sell at auction 120 borsss. broken
and unbroken, weighing from 1000 to 1400
pounds; also several cboioe sad&e horses. T&ls ,
lot consists of costly all choice young gtldlac*
and positively most b* sold. Said takes plaosj
at
J. B. HORAN'S SALESYARD,
Cor. Tenth and Bryant Sts, oa
MONDAY, JUNE 13,
At 11 O'clock a. m.
S. WATK3X3. Aactlcnaer.
L. H. BURD,
AUCTX03XCK,
Will Sell To-Morrow.
M03TDAT JUSTE 13ta. 11 A. 3f. (
Tha Elsgant Furniture of Resldsscs '
8184 WasUnftoa St.
L. H. BURD. Auctloneeer.
*y- By order of J. Ryan of Sallnaa I will '.
sell a car of good, gentle horses; also I
all kinds of buggies, wagons, carts, surreys ,
and 4O sets harness, 1 pony. 1 fast pacer, i
TUESDAY. Jun» 14. 11 a. m.. at 1140 FOI*-'
SOM ST. WM. CLOUQH. anctlonser. j
j9 jQ A }& J^k '
Two carloads gentls dranght horses. 1400 taj
1SOO% from Slskfyoa County. Ready t» go t»|
work. FRED H. CHASE St CO.. 1732 Marks*, j
I A barjata ia Berkeley real ts- ¦ ;
tate: also a limited amount of 81
flrst-class stock for sale that will Hi
pay good dividends. Sains of t
beet business man tn city ax« fT
stockholders and directors. Call Kj
and iret names. PACIFIC COAST fij
TRUST CC 708 Karket St, M
Booms 604-6. WTHE SAN FRANCISGO CALLy SUNDAY, JUNE 12/1904.
42
HEAL ESTATE — CITY- -FOR SAX.B.
BALDWIN A HOWELL, .25 Post at
Send to our office for a copy of the "Buyer
and Seller," our monthly catalogue, with a
complete list of special offerings, both im-
proved and unimproved; free for the asUlnj?.
5 § t
3R0A0WAY 57*
Choice marine view lots on north side of
Broadway, near Scott at; lots 45:10x187:6;
sold to close an estate. Particulars at office.
$3,600— Reduced from $4000; muat be sold: 4
flats; renta $42; near 3d and Townaend.
$17,000— Rents $160; new building: 20 rooms:
downtown; east of Taylor st; lot with
double frontage: Bush st
$12,500— Sacramento st; Inside location; 8 new
flats; rents $105: splendid investment.
$32,500— Stockton-st. business property: 4-story
building, stores, etc.; rents $212; 40-foot
frontage.
$18.500— Rents $132 50 per month: - prominent
DevisaJero-st business corner; large
lot. 32x100; stores and 2 flats; Investi-
gate this.
$17.000— Rents $123 per month: Flllmore-M.
business property; new building; Btore
and 2 flats; lot 23x^00.
$26.000— Rents $165 per month; large lot. 45x
110; frame building, 80 rooms; close to
8t. Francis Hotel and Union square;
Powell st.
$5,900— Lotta St.. Parnassus Heights district;
splendid view of Park and ocean; new
shingled 2-story house, 7 rooms and
bath; mortgage $2500 can remain.
?3,250— Very cheap home; Presidio Heights
district; key lot to both streets; very
sunny; 30x112:0; house of 7 rooms, bath
and stable; Sacramento-st. cars within
a few feet.
$2 600— Rents $20; 2 flats of 4 and 6 rooms. In
good repair; Morrell place, near Hyde
and Pacific.
$7.500 — Rents $(55; Sacramento St.; 2 new flats
of 5 and fl rooms and bath each.
$1.800 — Rents $17 per month: 2 flats of 3
rooms each; near Pacific and Larkln;
MoOormack st.
54 600 — Baker St.. rear Sacramento; cottage
of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25:6x102:6.
$2,500— Leavenworth St., near Jackson; 2- •
story house, « rooms; very cheap.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY. JUNE 23. 1904,
AT OFFICE AND SALESROOM,
25 POST ST.
PROPERTY OF THE ESTATE OF
CORNELIA B. STANLY, deceased,
425 AND 427 BUSH ST.,
RW. CORNER MARY LANE,
Between Kearny st. and Grant ave.
LOT 40x120 FEET. RUNNING
THROUGH TO MARTIN ST..
AFFORDING 3 FRONTAGES.
Improvements consist of a substantial 3-
Btory nr.it basement brick building, containing
2 stores and floors aJsove.
NET ANNUAL INCOME. $3000.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST ST.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
LEAVENWORTH-ST HOME.
$6000 — 22rllx8O to rear street; Leavenworth
El., near California; improvements consist ot
house of 6 rooms cod bath.
FREDERICK-ET. BUILDINO ~OT.
$1850—25x100; south line of Frederick, near
Willard; adapted for home.
VAN NESS-AVE. CORNER.
CSxl25; a corner In the most desirable por-
tion of Van Ness ave.; in one or two lots.
JONES-ST. BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$11,000 — 40x137:8; Jones st.. near Greenwich;
4 modern flats, renting for $87 50.
PROMINENT MISSION CORNER.
! 515,000—65x90; NE. cor. 24th and Shotwell;
I Improvements consist of store, flats and house;
1 renting for $112 per month.
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
$13.000 — 25x160 to Shipley St., /between 5th
and 6th; Improvements, stores and flats, rent-
ing for $89 60 per month.
CORNER POLK AND WASHINGTON STS.
100xlC2:8Vi: one of the best business locali-
ties on Polk st; will be sold cheap.
SEVENTH-ST. BUSINESS LOT. '
$3C00 — 25x85; 7th st, near Bryant; in a. rap-
idly growing business locality.
CORNER FRANKLIN AND LOMBARD ETS.
$2250—27:6x100; EE. cor. Lombard and
Franklin sts.
TURK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$12.E0O— 27:6x137:6; Turk, near Taylor: old
Improvements renting for $100 per month.
WASHINGTON-ST. FLATS.
$15,000—25x100; north line of Washington,
near Lyon; Improvementa consist of 3 flats ot
7 rooms and bath each; renting for $1500 per
year.
JACKSON-ST. BUILDINO LOT.
JOOOO — 27:6x137:6; north line of Jackson St.,
, near Hyde; splendid locality for flats.
JACKSON-ST. INVESTMENT.
$6250— Lot 34:4x137:6; Improvements consist
of house of 7 rooma in front and 2 rear cot-
: tapes of 4 rooms each. ,
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
PANY. 410 MONTGOMERY ST..
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDINO TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDINO.
TITLE INSURANCE IS A BOND, under
seal, promising, on behalf of a responsible
corporation to pay any loss which may arise
by reason of a defective title. Incorporated
companies that have specially prepared modern
plants to do this business possess complete
records of every piece of land In the city
where they Insure titles to real property.
A TITLE INSURANCE POLICY Is rapidly
becoming as essential a feature in real estate
transactions as is flre insurance.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate rec-
ords, constructed especially for Insuring real
estate titles like modern plants of New York
Boston. Chicago and Eastern cities; reason-
able ratec; regular trust company business
transacted under State charter; all matters
controlled and managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD,
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP,
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of Balfour. Outhrte & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS,
President California Optical Co
p N. LILIENTHAL,
Manager Anglo-Callforlnan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney A Olney, Atty*a and Counselor*
CHARLES PAGE.
Page, McCutchen & Knight Att'ya.
A. T. SPOTTS,
Mgr. Cai. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING,
Capitalist. 530 California at
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Our new office at Oceanalde attracts attention.
But nothing like our new lota.
Everybody wants them; select one quick.
$500 to $1200— easy terms.
On car line and fronting park; unobstructed
view of ocean; all graded, ready to build on.
"Oceanrtde" Branch Office cor. 47th ava.
and H st Open Sundaya and holidays.
$75 to $250— Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
$250 to $1000— Choicest Richmond lota; In-
stallments.
$160 to $450 — Level Excelsior Homestead Iota.
' $050 to $5000— Modern cottages in Sunset.
Richmond. Oceanslde and Excelsior Home-
stead; easy terms.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave,. near JI at.
SOL GETZ A SON. Owners and Dealers,
Room 64. Fourth Floor, Chronicle Building.
$1400— FOR sale—Lot 25x80; sunny side Tre-
mont ave.. near Frederick *t. ; Ashbury
He!zht»; etreet work all done. Apply be-
tween 1- and 1 p. i-., 337 Pine st.
REAL^ ESTATE-— CITY-— FOR »ALIC.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEB A CO.,
218 and 220 Montgomery at,
:->¦.„.*. Mills building.
$10,C0O — Filbert at, near Hyde; flne marine
, view; residence of 10 rooms and bath;
lot 48x137:6 ft
$28,000— Bush-st flats, northwest corner of
Pierce; 3 new flats on corner and resi-
dence on Pierce st; 7 and 8 rooms in j
Mats; 8 rooms and bath in residence;
rents about $200 per month; lot 30x100;
always rented.
$40,000 — Post St.; 2 frontages; 40-foot lot; grand
site, for modern building; near Taylor st
$7,000 — Broadway, nr. Devisadero: flne alte for
residence; lot 38:6 feet front; grand ma-
rine view; a bargain.
$7,500 — Broadway, near Flllmore; flne lot, 30x
137:6 feet; unobstructed marina view;
price reduced from $85C0.
$30,000 — O'Farrell, near Jones; Investment of S
frame dwellings; rents $120; lot 45:10x
68:9 feet; a great bargain.
$8,000 — Devlsadero, near Halght; residence, 8 j
rooms and bath; lot 25x125.
* i
$M.0CO— Howard-st. flats, 2 blocks from new
Poetcfflce; rents $0-1 50 p«r month. j
$7,250 — Baker st, near Jackson; 2 elegant '
flats; rdnts $57 50 per month; lot 2oxlOO ,
. . tutt. j
— _~~ ¦ I
$7,500 — Unlon-st. Corner, near Devlsadero; J
elegant marine view; lot 62:6x110 feet; ;
must be field.
-"~*~~~*~ I
$11,000— Jackscn-st. residence of 11 rooms and
bath; modern in every way; lot 25x
127 :6U feet j
— — — i
$21,250— Jftckson-st. corner. Presidio Heights: ;
elegant modern residence of 11 rooms, 2
baths; flrst-flocr library, double parlors,
dining-room, beamed celling, paneled .
ook, hardwood floor?, etc. ;• four bsd- ¦
rouuis and 2 bedrooms tn attic; lot 3T:Cx _
127:8^4 feet; grand marine view.
ZZZZ I
$3,250 each— Filbert, near Scott; magnificent'
marine view; lots 27:6x137:6 each and
corner 55x137:6 feet
$17,000— 2d-st. comer, nr. Harrison, 70x95 ft.;,
flne slte> for factory or warehouse pur- j
poEes. |
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE CO.,
218 and 220 Montgomery at. Mills bid.
, RICHMOND LOTS.
$450 each; your choice of flve flne lots on
23rd a<rc.. close to the electric mad.
BAKERS BEACH LOTS.
Only a few left; are the most desirable lots
in that section; no better view of the bay and
Presidio to be had; don't lose this opportunity.
BOULEVARD LOTS.
All level and ready to build on; grand view
of t£e ocean and only one block from th«
Ocean Beach car line; houaea now being built
on the property. i
OCEAN SIDE LOTS. |
$75 and upward; your choice of flne invest- t
ment lots, near the ocean boulevard, and close ,
to Golden Gate Park, and on the line of the j
proposed extension of Market st. ;
POTRERO LOTS. !
$75 to $300 each: close to Kentucky-st. cars.
MISSION WARM BELT. '
Your choice of ten level Iota on 25th and i
Vermont sts 1
COTTAGES ON RENT MONEY TERMS. i
$3000; Richmond home; seven rooms; all
r.ew; on 23rd ave., near Clement Bt.
$3000: Folsom st., near Preclta ave.: flve
rooms and bath; two mantels; everything
modern.
$2050; new cottage, flve rooms and bath;
one and one-half stories: unsurpassed view of
city; will have electric lights and all the lat-
est conveniences: near 24th-st. electric cars. ;
$2100 each: two ntw four-room and bath I
cottages; each 50x12'.); one-half block from San ¦
Bruno electric cars.
$1000: four-room corner cottage on San Jose j
ave., ne*r Ocean View. ,'
$1450: four* room cottage on Rlchland ave-
nue, close to Mission at.
OSCAR HEYMAN, '
14 Peat Btreet. also office of the
JACOB HEYMAN COMPANY.
LYON A HOAG, 116 Montiromery at
Send for our printed Hat of property for sale
In all sections of the city.
BARGAIN INSIDE PROPERTY.
$35,000— Ellis st, east of Jones; flne lot with
3 frontaxet; rents $140, and lot not all Im-
proved; a fine opportunity for a good invest-
ment.
CHEAP HOME NEAR TOWN.
$2750 — House of 7 rooms, cloee to Third and
Harrison; mortgage of $1200 can remain; must
be sold: rent $20.
FLATS NEAR GOLDEN GATE PARK.
$(J750— Within half a block of Golden Gat*
Park; 4 flata, 4 and 5 rooma and bath; renting j
$900: large lot, 27x120; this la a bargain.
BARGAIN— MISSION FLATS.
$2250 — Two flats, 3 and 4 rooms and bath; on
Duncan st.. nes.r Church: tank toilets, enam-
bled bath tub: brick foundation: 2 frontages.
BUSINESS CORNER,
$30,000 — Large lot. over 60x100; srood, sub-
stantial Improvements; rented very low for
$173; splendid district.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$0500— Rents $1060: 8 brand new flats; Juat
completed, containing 5 r. and b. ea.; street
bltumlnizcd; surroundings well imoroved with
fine bulldlnrs: on Pine St., not far from De-
visadero.
LYON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
$400 TO $f>00 each. *~~
Great Big Lota.
None Loss Than 50x120. f
Easy Terms.
Near the etatlon In Mill Valley: why buy a
small lot In a poor neighborhood when you
can secure a flne large lot. same distance from
your work, surround. d by desirable neighbors,
splendid climate, flne water, schools etc.T Call
or write for illustrated booklet, prices, etc.
LYON & HOAQ. 116 Montgomery at
HOAG A LANSDALE.
103 MONTGOMERY ST.
ALONG THE PRESIDIO WALL.
See our ad. next Sunday.
NEAR THE PARK.
Three swell new modern flats. 1 block from
Gold»n Gate Park; finely finished throughout; I
6. 6 and 7 rooms; lower flat; leased two years '
at $32 50: middle and upper will bring $35 ¦
and $37 50; extra large sunny lot; a splendid '
investment; only $11,000.
MARINE VIEW LOT.
On north side of Jackson st near Locust, I
overlooking Presidio grounds and the Golden
Gate: old Improvements renting for $12 50 per
month; minor owner must sell at once, asking
$4000; submit oflpr; cheapest lot in the dis-
trict *
CLAY-ST. FLATS.
Near Baker; sunny side of street; 6 and 7
rooma; 2 years old; rented to good tenants for
$75; price $i>CuO.
DOWNTOWN.
California, cast of Kearny: 4-story brick
building; low rents bring $130; should be
raised; no leases; price $40,000.
Send for our list of cheap lots in all parts
of the city. We have for aale several flne,
desirable residences In th* Western Addition.
HOAG A LANSDALE,
108 Montgomery st., 8. F.
HAWKS A SKELTON,
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$13,500 — Fine house: Leavenworth, near Clay;
9 rooms and bath; laundry In basement:
. building In first-class condition; vitw of
Golden Gate from rear.
• $8,00O— Corner lot 109x137: Lombard - atreet
boulevard; can be subdivided to good
advantage.
$7,850— Marine view lot; Hyde at, near
Chestnut: 36:8x110; very fine view as-
sured; new building each aide of It; on
Hyde-st. car line.
$10,000 — NW. cor. Larkln and Francisco; 137x
137; has commanding view of the bay
and when Francisco st. la graded will be
worth double this price.
$7,000 — Octavta at., near Broadway; good
house of 7 rooms and bath; flne view of
bay from front and rear; bare lot is
worth the price; 25x137; make offer.
HAWKS A SKELTON. 323 Montgomery at
NELSON. JOHNSON tt CO., - "~"
203 Montgomery at, opp. Mills bldg.
BARGAINS Hf HEAL .ESTATE.
Foreclosure, Probate and Forced Sales of All
Kinda will be Found iu Our
UP-TO-DATE BUYERS' GUIDE.
An illustrated monthly catalogue, containing
a carefully selected list of cheapest properties
offered on the market In every location. Send
us your address and we will mall you one. .-
NELSON. JOHNSON A CO..
203 Montgomery at., opp. Milla bldg.
FOR SALE— $r>100; coat $5700; brand new resT
. dence In Mission warm belt: 9 rooms and
bath; high basement: key lot. 25x110; next
to comer of Fair Oaks, on Twenty-flfth st;
grand view and sun all day; thin property
must be Bold as the owner has to lea\ - > city:
new carpets, .furniture and range will aUo
be sold cheap; this property contains all the
lati'ft Improvements; ran. electric lights, etc.
Apply to owner, 3772 Twenty-flfth st . •
ALL work - guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 830 Howard at
I KIMI. r.»TATB— CITY— FOR -- **J > _'^-
' O. II. TMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery St
! AUCTION.
; auction.
! AUCTION.
I AUCTION.
j AUCTION.
i Of Investment, residence and country prop-
erty, to be hold at our aalearoom, 20 Montgom-
ery st.. Monday, June 20, at 12 o'clock noon.
. JOHN O'KEEFE ESTATE.
Administratrix Bales.
The following properties must be aold to
close above estate. Subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court ¦
NO. L
Northwest corner of Bryant and Eighth sts.;
Improvements consist of two stores and four
flata; rents $105 per month; lot 60x85.
NO. 2.
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY.
360 acres, more, or less, being portion of the
Rancho Laa Juntas or Welch ranch, on the
public road leading from Pacheco to Walnut
Creek; more than half the land is of the best
sediment soil and the balance is rolling, but
all tillable.
HOWARD-BTREET FLATS.
2119A-B Howard at., east line, between Sev-
. enteenth and Eighteenth; 3 modern flats of 7-8
> rooms and bath each; rented low at $60 per
month; lot 25x122:6.
SHOTWELL- ST. FLATS.
324-6- % Shotwell et, west line, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth; 3 modern flats of
6-6 rooms and bath each; rented low at $50 SO
per month; lot 25x122:6.
MORRIS-AVE. INVESTMENT.
7 Morris ave., east line between Harrison
and Bryant Fifth and Sixth sts.; improve-
ments consist of two-story house arranged tn
2 fiats of 4-5 rooms each; rent $32 50 per
month; lot 23x90.
HARIUSON-8T. COTTAGE.
1377 Harrison st.. south line, between Ninth
and Tenth; improvements consist of a cottage
of 4 rooms on rear end of lot: ample room for
another building: lot 25x100.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
732 Pacific st.. between Dupont and Stockton;
frama improvements consist of t\oie and lodg-
ing-house; renta $35 per month; 16:9%xll7:6.
MISSION COTTAGE.
4E04 Eighteenth st. north line, between
HattU and Danvers; a modern cottage of 4
rooms and bath; large basement; lot 25x80.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
406 Thirtieth Bt. north line, between San-
chez and Noe; Improvements consist of a two-
story bay-window dwelling of 8 rooms and
bath; lot 25x114.
ALAMEDA COUNTY RANCH.
Referee Sale.
The following ranch must be sold, subject
to confirmation by the Superior Court. No
increased bid can bs offered in court after .
this sale.
This ranch la located 4 miles northeast of
Llvennore, consists of 385 acres, being portion
of sections 3 and 4. township 3 south, range
east, M. D. B. M. ; also the right of way 25
feet wide over the road aa at present traveled, .
from the northerly line of the above described
property to the county road near school bouse
on the northerly portion of said section 3.
For further particulars apply
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., i
20 Montgomery st.
Q. H. UMBSEN A CO., 20 Montgomery st.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$53,000— RenU $275 per month; elegant corner
on Golden Gate ave.; 0 eleeant houses
of lu rooms each and 1 house of 7 rooms j
on rear street; mortgage $40,000 can
remain; fc5xl20 to rear atreet
$33,500— Hint $2340 per annum; a splendid cor-
ner on Luguna at: improvements con-
fist of atore. flats and houses; 31:3x120,
with L 60x4S on rear street.
$23.000 — Splendid business corner on 16th St.;
Improvements consist of 3-story brick |
building and 2-story frame, renting for ,
S184S per annum; mortgage $10,00u can
remain; size 80xS0.
$17.E00— Pacific ave. marine view residence; 12
rooms finished basement wine room,
eervwits' room, etc.; house cost $20,0(X>;
lot over 30 ft. frontage. '
$12,750— Rent $1242 per annum; Oak et. : flats ,
of 6 rooms and bath each and 2 flats on
rear street of 4-3 rooms and bath; 25x120. i
$12 50O— Unobstructed marine view; rents $s)00 |
per annum; 37:6x137:6; Pacific Heights)
tlegant residence: 10 rooms and bath.
$12 500 — Modern elegantly finished residence of
11 rooms and bath; also basement of 3
rooms, bay windows, brick foundation,
etc.; on Fulton-st. corner.
$11,500—3 elegant flats on Webster St. of 6
rooms and bath each; rented low at $11 1 6
per annum; large frontage; mortgage can |
remain. . I
$7 500—2 very nice flats on Flllmore st : 5-0
rooms and bath each: rented very low at .
|K> per month; 25x110.
$6.650— Rents *«H> per annum: 2 new flats:
Mission warm belt; of 5-6 rooms and
hath each; mortgage $3250 can remain;
lot 24:Sxl25. „ „, . '
$5.000— Rent $570 per annum; 2 Richmond
flats, close in. of 5-6 rooms and bath
each, with mortgage of $3800, which
can remain.
$4,100 — Near Valencia and 22d eta.; double
houae of 5 rooms each, concrete founda-
tion, etc.; a bargain; large lot. 37 feet
front. .
$3,75u — Uents $450 per annum; near 8th and
Harrison sts.; 4 flats of. 3 rooms each;
KOxSO; mortgage can remain.
$3,250 — 1 flats near 4th and Bryant sts.; rented
low at $36 p«r month; large basement;
rents could easily be increased ; lot 25x80.
For further particulars of the above and for
the "Real Estate Record." containing a list of
: properties for sale in all parts of the city, In-
quire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery St..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
MADISON & BURKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House.
$12,000 — Post at.: two large well constructed
bouses; very large lot.
j SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
' J9.000 — 6 flats and store below; near Sixth
and Brannan Ets.; rent $88 per month;
new building.
55,000 — Ashbury st.. near Frederick; a flne
large 10-room house; near the Park;
billiard-room, finished attics and all
modern conveniences.
510,750 — Page at; 2 up-to-date flats, 6 and 7
rooms and bath; annual rent $900.
(3,250 — Beaver st, near Noe; beautiful cot-
tage. Just the thing for a email family;
flne garden.
J5.000 — eth ave.. near Lake st; 7 rooms and
bath; 25x120.
$4,000— Tenth at, near Harrison; lot 25x100;
rent $32.
f4,750 — Two new flats; Vermont at, near
22d; rents $43 per month; must be sold.
$4,000— Flllmore St., near Green; lot 23 x
107:6.
$9,000— Btelner st, bet Geary and O'Farrell;
car lines; 2 lots. 55x137:6 feet
$1.600— 14th aw. and A St., cor., 120 feet on
the new Park Panhandle.
$5,000 — 2 fine lots; Beulah at., near Stanyan;
00x137:6.
/ ___
$3,B00 — Tremont ave., west line; 6-room cot-
tage In flne condition; near Frederick st.
$1,900 — Harrison et., near 2Sth; fine cottage,
5 rooms and bath; lot 25x110; cheap.
$4,500— Chattanooga St. near Twenty-third;
/ large lot 65x117:6 to rear atreet
Lota 27:6x137:6, on Sutter at, between Stelner
and Pierce.
Bulldlnz lot NE. corner Golden Gate ave.
and Baker et: In alzea to ault; prices
from $2000 upward.
Three lota, each 27:6x137:6, on south line of
. Geary at., near Flllmore.
MADISON A BURKE.
SO Montgomery st. opp. Lick House.
DO you know that you can make more money
On Point Richmond real estate than any-
where else?
Point Richmond
la growing faster than any other town In the
State.
Is the terminus of the Santa Fe Railroad,
Will be the new terminus of the Southern Pa-
— - ;¦;• dflc Railroad.
Has the Immense works of the Standard Oil
Works.
Roundhouaea and shops of the Santa Fe Rail-
road.
The Santa Fe Tract offers best opportunity -,
Do you want to make mone>'J
If ao
Secure some lota inths Santa S*- < V*»1
$5 monthly. • ;-,'.
$5 monthly.
?5 monthly.
Lots all level.
Ready to buiM c&.
Streets are m-*6%\
McEWEN BROS., 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
CITY OF RICHMOND. '" ~~
Just across the bay. the (Treat railroad termi-
nus; Standard Oil Co. and docks, warehouses
8nd manufacturing plants are established; see
It: map free: lots all level; $5 per month.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY.
Crocker Building. S. F.
IN San Francisco — Two-rtory frame dwelling
and lot 25x114; price $2250. Modern cottage,
5 rooms and bath, $43(>O: rent $30 per month-
Six flafs. barn; lot 43x122:<V $11,750; rent
*7I per month. H. H. VARNEY. room 57,
214 Pine «t
CHEAP for caFh. cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
corner lot. 50x100. Apply 2 Capitol ave..
Ocean View.
REAL ESTATE—CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market Street
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION.
TUESDAY June 14, 1904
' At our salesroom at 12 o'clock noon.
MISSION FLATS.
No. 1068 Capp at, north of 26th; lot 63x115
feet; improvements consist of 3 aeparate build-
ings, containing 9 flats in all with 0 rooms and
porcelain bath in each; lot has two frontages;
total rents $217 50 per month.
STEINER-STREET RESIDENCE. |
No. 603 Stelner st, north of Fell; lot 27:6x
110 feet: Improvements consist of a 2-atory resi-
dence, containing 6 rooms, bath and laundry.
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 3988 Twenty-third at, east of Noe; lot
25x114 feet; improvements consist of a cottage
of 7 sunny rooms and bath on main floor; also
partly finished attic containing 5 rooms. This
place la In excellent condition, almost new,
modern and always rented for $50 per month;
$2200 mortgage can remain.
GEARY-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 930 Geary st., east of Polk; extremely
large lot, 58:9x120 feet, through to a rear
street; present Improvements consist of a 2-
Btory frame dwelling containing 7 rooms and
' bath. This Is an excellent Bite for an apart-
ment house.
TENTH-ST. BUSINESS. INVESTMENT.
Nob. 317-17V& Tenth st. south of Folsom; lot
25x100 feet; Improvements consist of a store
and 3 rooms in rear and a flat of 0 rooms and
bath above; rent very low at $40 per month.
PINE-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 2209 Pine St.. west of Webster; lot 23x
100 feet; Improvements consist of a 6-room cot-
tage.
MISSION-STREET BUILDINO LOTS.
S.E. corner of Mission st. and Russia ave.;
11 lots to be sold as per diagram
MCALLISTER ST. BUILDING LOTS.
S.E. cor. of McAllister st. and Masonic ave.;
3 lots to be sold as per diagram. '
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
S.W. cor. of 20th st and Potrero ave.: lot
2Cxl00 feet; improvements consist of a store
with 4 living rooms in rear; flne flat containing
6 rooms and bath, range in kitchen, largo high
basement floored and contains one room, brick
foundation:' also stable, and loft for 4 horses.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
No. 2!>07 Washington st., west of Devlsadero;
lot 25x125 feet; Improvements consUt of a 2-
etory frame dwelling substantially built, new
plumbing anil recently renovated for 2 separate
families; 3 rooms downstairs and 4 rooms ar.d
bath upstairs; mortgage of $3000 can remain;
rent $45 per month.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
¦ 638 Market street
EASTON ELDRIDGE A CO.,
688 Market Street.
$28,000— N.W. cor. of 10th at., near Market.
75 foot frontage: 3 flno houses of 10 rooms
each; G flats of B rooms each; rent very low
at $170 per month; could be easily Increased.
This locality Is fast coming to the front.
$12,250— Union St.. near Mason; 33x137:0 feet:
Improved with 3 modern flats; permanently
rented: properties in this locality are scarce.
$12,250 — 3 magnificent new flats: unobstruct-
ed view; «unny all day; C-7 rooms and bath;
built less than one year; Park Panhandle dis-
trict; reduced from $14,000.
$11.500 — Nlnth-st. corner; store and 2 flats
abqve; stable; rent very low at $71 50 per
month: portion of lot not built on.
$10,000 — 46x137:6 feet on Filbert St. near
Mason; improvements 2 fine houses containing
8 rooms and bath each. .
$10,000— Filbert st. near Mason: 43x137:6
feet; 2 flats; also a 2-story dwelling rented as
2 flats with 3 flats In rear; rent very low at
$80 per month.
$8,500—2 beautiful flats of 5-6 rooms and
bath; finished basement containing 4 rooms;
also 2 rooms In a finished attle; rent exceed-
inly low at $77 per month.
$8000—3 new flats in the Mission, contain-
ing 6 rooms and bath each; modern in every
respect; rent $72 60 per month.
$7250—6 Mltwlon flats renting for $72 50 Der
month; positive bargain; nothing like it In the
Mission.
$6000 — Reduced; Pierce-st residence. 2-etory.
containing 9 rooms, porcelain bath and 3
toilets; positive flrst-class condition; mortgage
J3«00. Therefore the sacrifice.
$C000 — Webster St.. near Sutter; 8-room resi-
dence with bath, brick foundation, etc.; good
condition.
$4,25i>— Union at, near Mason; residence of 7
rooms and bath; also rear house; positive sac-
rifice for this money.
$3000 — Cottage, one story and basement: al-
most r.ew: r> rooms and bath; Twenty-second
street: rent $25. '
$2850— Beautiful cottage on Florida St.. near
21st; 5 rooms and bath, high basement; modern
in every respect; mortgage $1100 at 6 per cent
can remain; rents for $25 per month readily.
$2800 — Brand new Mission cottage. Just com-
pleted: modern and complete in every respect;
contains 5 rooms and bath: would r»nt easily
for $25 per month; can be bought on easy
terms; $500 cash, balance same as rent.
$2750— 10th at, near Hartford; 5-room cot-
tago with bath; all modern improvements; new
plumbing: this Is a new neighborhood.
$2250— Sanchez-st. cottige; 5 rooms and bath;
first-class condition; 8-foot basement.
BARGAINS IN BUILDING LOTS.
$5000— Vallejo st. near Baker; excellent ma-
rine view; 48 foot frontage.
$750 — Sacrifice In Parnassus Heights district;
building lot 25x100 feet: crraded and sewered,
$650— Reduced from $1000; 25x100 feet; build-
Ing lot. sewered and street macadamized;
WlllarJ 5t.
$175 — Pick up In building let; 32d ave., near
I st; buy this and deed It to the children;
it will become valuable.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
638 Market street.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
fi3S MARKET STREET
GRAND AUCTION RALE -.
EXTRAORDINARY.
300— VILLA LOTS— 300.
300— VILLA LOTS— 300.
300— VILLA LOTS— 300.
AT
FRUITVALE.
FRUITVALE. j
FRUITVALE.
Sale to take place Saturday, June 23, at 2
p. m.. on the property bounded by Redwood
road. School and Davis streets.
The Frultvale Addition will be sold positively
without reserve or limit. Lots averaging 50x150
• Most liberal terms of credit Only one-quar- :
ter cash. Balance G-12-1S months.
LABOR IN THE CITY AND SLEEP IN THE
COUNTRY.
HALF-HOURLY TRAINS.
COMMUTATION ONLY $.1.00 PER MONTH.
Remember the date. SATURDAY, JUNE 25.
Broad Guace boat transferring to the Bro«d
Gauge Southern Pacific Railroad to Frultvale.
For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
| 638 Market street.
A. J. RICH A CO.. REAL ESTATE AGENTS^ !
112 MONTGOMERY 8T.
2614 SCOTT ST.
The beautiful brick and Atone residence; most
modern In every respect; unobstructed marine
view: interior hardwood finish; has 16 rooms
and 6 baths; lot 50x112:6; call for a permit to
inspect the premises.
$10,000 — Jackson st.. near Baker: magnificent
apartment building: flne Interior finish;
every up-to-date Improvement.
$15.500 — Baker-Ft. corner, near entrance to the
park; a flne, new, up-to-date residence
with every modern Improvement; vesti-
bule hall, billiard room, large heater.
$14.500 — A snap; a groat corner for flats; 75x
100; southwest corner Devlsadero at. and
Golden Gate ave.
$14,000 — Ellis «t; three new modern fiats: C.
. 7 and 7 rooms and bath; rent $117 50
p_er month.
$14,000- : -Sacramento st. ; two modern. Improved,
up-to-date flats; under lease; rent $112 SO
per month: lot 27:0x127:8%.
$12.000— Washington at. near Webster; real-
dence and lot 34x127 :8>J.
$10,000 — Polk-st. Investment, store and flat;
near Jackson st. ; 31 feet frontage.
$8,500 — Vallejo «t, near Van Ness *ve. . fiats
of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 23x137: fl.
JQ.fiOO — Vallejo at..- near corner of Van Hess
ave.; residence In flne order; lot 25x100.
$6,500 — Jackson st. ; fine marine view corner
lot. overlooking Presidio; 32x117. ¦ >- f
,$6250. '.. ' ' "
Plne-st. residence, near Hyde st.; cheapest
home tn the city; contains 9 rooms and
,- bath; everything In the beat of order;
new plumbing, porcelain bathtub, etc.
$6,000 — Scott et; modern cottage: houae of 7
rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
$5,250 — Jackson at.; flne lot; near Baker; 23:0
xl28:9.
$2,500— Broderlek-st. business lot, between
Oak and Fell sts.; 25x100.
$2,500— Elliott Park, near Stelner at.; cottage
house; lot 22x70.
$2,500 — Jackson st. near Cherry; flne build-
Ing lot; 25x128.
A. J. RICH & CO..
112 MONTGOMERY ST.
B. GETZ. Room 22. Chronicle Bldg.
OWNER AND DEALER.
NEW BLOCK on the O(?EAN BEACH.
STREETS GRADED.
Lots Level on the Grade to Build Upon.
Superb View of the Ocean.
Easy Monthly Installments— Perfect Bargains.
$60 to $400 — Oc«an Heights and boulevard lots.
$350 to $'00 — lOth-ave. boulevard Iota; traded.
$250 to $1200— Sunset and Richmond lots; on
block facing Spreckles Lake and new Park
speed track: easy payments.
$150 up — Excelsior Homestead lots: level on
grade; city water; Mlssion-at cars.
$75 to $100— Ocean View level lots: streets
graded; city water; name your own paymenta.
$1000 to $5000 — Modern houses and cottagea in
¦ all districts on very easy Installments.
Call at My Offlce, Room 22. Second Floor. ;
Chronicle Building. ¦ .: ;-¦,. "> .
$22."0— VERY reasonable; nice cottages on
easy terms; construction first-class; nsk con-
ductor on Guerrero-st. ear to *top at 1700
San Jose ave. ;- cars pass door.
RRU. EST*TK—f!lTV— #"OR SACS.
WHY. If you want a home In the Mission,
don't you aee those luts, T\i\Z\ west lin*
Noe at, 2CO feet south of ll)th at.? We fur-
nish you the lot and money to build. You
pay us back sarce as rent; kin unly {limO;
graded, ready to lay foundations; actually
cheap for $1500. DOLAN CO., owners.
i ¦
' J175O — ALMOST new cottage, tj large rooms.
bath; brick foundation: hi,-h basement: level
lot: Folsom St.. nr. Cortland ave.: $2T>t> tu
$300 cash, |15 month. Lj- Ian Co.. 21 Montgy.
$375O — A 9-ROCM residence; porcelain plumb-
ing; medern mantels, lUtng: lot 25x120. with
rear L; west line; 120 2d nve.. i.«o ft. south
Lake or Sacramento st. : $.VH> cash. S3i> mo. ;
same as rent. I>'lan Co.. owners. 24 Mont.
$7000 — 4 ALMOST new Bats. 4. 5 rooms each;
rent Jtl": latest improvements: «M> ft. front;
K lot. (<O feet east of Mission st. : 2. 4. 6 an 1
& West ave., or 32d st. ; tank mortgage $9dbO
can be secured at <o per cent: see property;
same as rent. Doian Co., ov.-n-rs. 24 Mont.
WE want for cash, lota or housea and lots, any
part of city, from $\W to $10l».«.«)o; deal di-
rect with buyers: you save money and valu-
able time by It; send us description; th«
money is ready in 24 hours If title is good.
DOLAN CO., 24 Montg'ry; phone Bush 8G7.
WHITE £ BAYLEY.
Successors to W. J. White.
J30O — Lots 25x125; Bellevue st: near cars.
$575 — Elizabeth: nr. cars; $50 down; 25x114.
yirr.r*—-; lota. wxlW, on 15th ave.
$275O— Corner on Clement St.. 60x100.
Send stamp for printed list.
25 Montgomery st, room 8.
COTTAGE with -modern improvements; terms
same as rent. ApDly owner, lumber yard,
corner Army and Condon sts.
FOR sale — 3 flne flats. 6 and 7 rooms, baths:
paying property; central: leaving city; no
agents, r.ox 855, Call office.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
1C7-8 Crocker building.
REAL ESTATE— Coaatry— For Sale.
WHITE & BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$12,500 — Splendid stock ranch and general
farm 26CO acres; 4 miles from Courthouse.
Menducino County; 200 acres tillable; 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied with
water and an abundance of live oak timber;
there are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
$5CC0— Only 3',j miles of Geyaenrllle. tha Oem
of Sonoma County; % mile good school; rural
mall delivery; CO acres; 30 acres rich bottom
land: 2 acres orchard: 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing; 5 acres alfalfa; well fenced and cross
fenced; 5-room house. 2 good barns, nlc*
spring; have other bargains In this superb sec-
tion.
f2aC0 — IS acres level land, T miles of Saa
Jone: all In vineyard; house.
$2(XX) — 10-acre dairy and poultry raneh. 1
mile of town; hill land: 3 houses; barn; corral;
poultry houses. 2 Incubators; 2 brooders; farm-
ing tools: fenced; 4 cows; 2 horses; 223 chick-
ens; tine market.
$600 — One minute's walk of church and
school. 4 miles of town: IS acres; nice 4-room
house: large barn; poultry houses; rich garden
land with easterly slope; on main sprinkled
road; rural delivery; Ideal poultry farm.
$32(Mk— In city limits of Petaluma: 21* acres;
neat cottage; barn; & poultry bouses: 2 brood-
ers; 1 Incubator; 2 wagons; harness; horse;
Jersey cow; 450 chickens; all tn bearing' fruit;
see photos of select Petaluma homes at this
office.
$3000—3 miles of Santa Rosa; 200 acres; 20
acres tillable soil; 50O corda of wood; house:
barn; running water; 10 head of cattle; 25 head
of hog*; other bargalna in this superb section.
$800 — Only 1 mile of town; 80 acres; house,
trees, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom land;
placer and quartz gold; 2 garden patches, out-
side range, tools, furniture; forced sale.
$4000 — Near Merced City, on main road; 40
acres rich land; 5 acres bearing olives, 10
acres alfalfa; 5 l j acres bearing orchard: 2
wells; all under ditch; flne cottage, 5 rooms:
steel windmill and tank; good barn; toolhouse;
granary; poultry house?; Incubator houses; nice
income; cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided in
small tracts at $63 per acre; one-third of crop
with place.
Adjoining the town of Lodl. both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under ditch;
$125 to $ltf> per acre.
$30 per acre: lu acres up; under ditch; 4'i
miles from Ludl. on main county road; also
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $to an
acre.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have several parties with good Income
property to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodging-houses; many cash buyers; list your
property.
$2500—60 acres; 3 miles from Santa Cruz: 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling- and
some steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing; good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings:
bonk foreclosure; $300 down and balancs
monthly payments If desired.
$5000 — Best ranch In Southern Oregon; 323
acres; 2 sets good Improvements; w?U fenced;
orchard: 5 horses; farming tools; outside range.
$450u — 30 acres close to Morgan Hill, Santa
Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard, 10 acres hill pasture; T.lc-e hard
finished cottage of 5 rooms: outbuildings: flne
Inrome; would trade for Income city property.
?t»50— Ocly 6 miles from Courthouse: 80
acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings:
part rash; near Red Bluff.
$17.00t>— Finest ranch In San Joaquln County.
between Stockton and Lodl; water near sur-
face; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
43O acres rich land. 1 mile of Calaveraa River,
on rnoln read: mortgage $SXX)O: would trade for
flrst-cJans property near city.
Country hotel. live town; Alameda County;
lot 80x200; flne trade; 14 large rooms: houaa
for h-'lu; large stable; outbuildings; opposite
new station; $3500.
$2250—10 acres, all In apricots Just com-
mencing to bear: 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
horee: half cash.
$1700 — In Sonoma City: 3*4 acres: all level;
good house, barn, windmill, tankhouse: 13 poul-
try house;, and yards; some alfalfa; spring
w&ron; 5<>0 chickens; feedhouse.
$.15CC — 136 acres east of San Jose; 125 acres
In hay; good soil.
Send stamp for printed list.
WHITE A BAYLEY,
Successor!* t*>
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery St., Room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
STOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
California. Nevada. Arizona. Mexico stock
ranches for their value for grazing — va»t tracts
suitable for subdivision and colonization. Val-
uable not alone for grazing, but for timber, a j-
rtcultnre. nil, mineral* or town sites. We bav*
many tracts where frost never occurs \V»
have many valuable pasture lands wh«r» zran
cattle are fat tn April, when beef commands
the highest price.
We have business oroperfy that will pay 9
per cent net on cost for flve or ten yean* lease.
We have residences up to date. In the land of
the lemon, orange, aunahlne, fruit and flowers.
We have many beautiful orchard ham*a In
the famed Santa Clara Valley, near the Garden
City of California. Good dairy and Alfalfa,
ranches.
We can ofTar a Mexican grant that will su>»
port 10.000 head of cattle for only *;o.'<r>.
CHARLES W. COE A CO..
Real Estate, Cattle and Loans,
7S-79 Austrais bldg.. San Joae, CaL
$3600— CONTRA COSTA County; 22 acres; fan
bearing orchard: good house: plenty water;
close to railroads and ateamer; a positive
bargain.
$13,000 — Merced County; 320 acres; want
offer.
$1200 — Contra Costa County; 8 acres; al-
monds and aome fruit: near railroad; good
house: plenty water: $500 cash, balance any
reasonable terms.
HEDEMARK &. JACK CO.. II Montgomery.
?4000— CONTRA COSTA County: 100 acrea;
pood Improvements; plenty water; this la a
snap.
iQOiK) — Contra Ccata County; 00 acres: Im-
provements worth the money: tennn to suit.
J1S.oih> — Contra Costa County: ICO acres al-
falfa land; near town and railroad: good
house, barns and outbuilding": includes lrrai
stock, implements, etc.; land alone worth the
tncney.
HEDEMARK & JACK CO.. 11 Montgom«r».
CONTRA COSTA County lands; If) acres upf
$50 to $10O per acre. HEDEMARK A JACK
CO.. 11 Montgomery at.
GARDEN lands In tracts to suit; between
Santa Fe and S. P. R. R.; 3 miles from
Berkeley: on Ir.stallmenta: >300 per acre.
McEWEN EROS.. 113 Montgomery at
COLMA residjnee property— For sals, larir*
lots, cheap: good car service: new 4>room
cottage: desirable spot: lot 100 feet aquare:
good well water;- $12no. Inquire R. 3.
THORNTON. Hearst bulldlns. room 418.
A— 25 ACRES, one mile frcm station, near
SantA Rosa; 15 acres young vines, 5 acres
prunes: 4-rocm house, nrooder-br.uas poultry
houses, etc. ; S-tUHX Cox 861. Call office.
IN Haywarda. 3ii acr^s bearing orchard, 7-
. ,room house, barn: water piped ever place:
windmill: mOO-rallnn tank; a bargain. H.
H. VARN'F.V. room 37. 214. Pine at.
ALFALFA land* stork ranches. orchards,
vineyirds. lp.*;>»t.-t*d bargHit>»: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. Si. WOOSTEIt CO.. 648
Market st
SOUTHERN Oregon irrigated lands, dairy
farms »ti.rk ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land, mines, S. C. TRAYNEK. 304 Keamy.
inffijfcfCALL.:
JOHN' I). SPRECKELS-. ..Proprietor
Address Communications to
jonX McXACGlIT Manager
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TEX DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Office i* Yon Miss
Your Paper.
Tt Sex any cause TBS C/fli i* a°* a °"
Ilvered rejmlarly to sunscriDers P l «»"
call up "CAX.1 EXCSASTOE" and uottiy
Subscription Clerk tn. charffs. Tour com-
plaist wiU receive proaut attention.
A standlar reward of Tea Dollars ;
(S10.00) is offered lor the arrest ana
conviction of any ens cautfht stealing
7fi£ CALL. :
TELEPHONE. '
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con- |
nect You With the Department \ou W lsn.
Publication Office.... Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Btevenaon at.
. : <«:ivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per .vTe**. " 5
CU. Per Month. 61ngle OopJ«s 6 Cts
Terms ty Mall Including Postage <C*«I> «lt&
Order) : ,. M
DAILT CALL (indud. Sunday). 1 year... $5.00
DAILY CALL uaclud. Sunday). <5 mos... 4_ou
DA1LT CALL— By Silnele Month «6o
ETjyPAT CALL, 1 Year 2M
POSTAGE. [Weekly. 1.00 Par Tear Extra
>TJ- POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Easiple Cobles will be forwarded when re-
aueated.
Mall subscribers la ordering change of ad-
«re«s ahocia be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
prompt and oorrect compliance with tbtir r»-
«uest
OAKLAND OFFICE:
101« Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Ceatar Btreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel: A- Brentano. SI
Union Btjuare: Murray Hill Hotel; Ftfth-aTe-
- cu* Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House; P. O. News Co.- Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KPjOGNESS..MarQuette Bulldlns;
(Long Distance Telephone. •'Central 2819.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CABLTON Herald Square
EUPTNESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call. corc»r Market and Third streets: open
t:ntll 12 o'clock every nlcht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IKifl Market ttrect. opposite Fifth; open until
11 s. xn.
L27 MDCtromery street corner Clay; open
until 9:30 o. m.
f.00 Haye« street; open until 9:30 p. m.
039 McAlllner etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
013 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
l'.»41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
Litil Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until © p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
:09(3 Valencia street; open until 8 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open ur.til 0 P. ra.
' Northwest corner of Twer.ty-seccna and Ken-
tucky utreets: open until 0 p. rn.
2200 I'lllrnore etreet; open ur.til 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVIXG TOWX
FOR THE SUM3IER.
CZ-I.Ii subscribers contemplating a i
cbanee of residence during the summer ¦
months caa have tfceir paper forwarded.
by mail to their new address by notify-
ing TEE CALL Business Office. This '
paper -will also tie on sale at all summer '
resorts and is represented by a local
ag-ent in all towns on the coast.
KKAI^KSTATK CITY — FOR SALE.
EURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
211 Montgomery etreet.
*2Cr.<W — GEAP.T-ST. CORNER.
Modern 7-ftory building; stores on lower
nocr; fcy investing $l^i.CO0 cash pays 8 per
cent net; secured lease 10 years to run.
PTHIRD-ST. CORNER,
o Market st. ; large lot. 50x150; rents
•t $1000 a month.
ENTIRE BLOCK.
ENTIRE BLOCK.
« Golden Gate Park; 210x500.
» for IOO-ft. frontage, close to,Third at.
$25,000— Large lot. right In town; 30x137:6;
few feet from O'Farrell et. ; rents from old
improvements $110 a month.
LIKE FINDING IT.
$33W — Etore and flat; McAUleter st., not far
from Vtn Ness.
$1250— Rent $43 a month; Nob Hill of Mission;
21et st., near Guerrero; 3 flats.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS FLATS.
$7500 — Rent tdi a month.
Pair beautiful new flats; built to always rent.
OAK, NEAR MARKET.
$10,750 — 3 flats and double lot to rear street.
MUST SELL.
JS500— Rent $37 M>.
6.W. cor. of 18th and Hampshire ats.; 2 fins
fjcr.y flats.
CHOICE RESIDENCE.
$7500 — 8 roome and bath; Broderlck, near Clay;
stylish location.
SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$23.000— Rent $187 60 a month.
Grand corner; 6 modern flats, beamed ceil-
ings, electric appliances, up to date and
all rented; close to Pan Handle of Golden
Gate Park.
LIST SMALL INVESTMENTS.
PAYTNO GOOD INTEREST.
$14,000 for $120 a month.
8 new Cats; Park Panhandle.
$6500 for $60 a month.
3 Cats; Oak Grove ave.
t«SS3 for $15 a month.
Hyde at., near Vallejo.
$4100 for $41 a month.
Treat ave.. near 13th; lot 28x122.
$3100 for $30 a month.
Dupont, near Bay st.
$2100 for $23 a month
Dupont. near Bay; adjoins above.
$5000 tor $53 a month.
11th st, near Howard; 2 flats.
ADJOINS TRANSFER CORNER.
$7300 — Large lot 22x123; just the place for
etore ar.a Cats.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOT.
$2250— Slie 27:64132; must be aold.
BCRNHAM & MARSH CO.,
211 Montgomery at
$209— LOTS near 23d st. and Corbett ave.
$SS<>— Lets on Duncan st.. between Sanches
an<i Noe; level; ready to build on.
f 1100 — An excellent business corner; I block
from 24th-st. car line.
( ' RICHMOND AND BCNBET DISTRICTS.
$350— Lota en A at. between 18th and 19th
aves.
$1100— East line of 7th ave., near Clement
sL (key lot)
$600— Lou on 14th ave., 2 blocks Irom H-st.
car line.
AH for eale on easy monthly paymenta; will
build for you if deeired on moet favorable
tiTTM. ,
WEISSBEIN BROS. A CO..
61C Eacm.mer.to Bt, near Montgomery.
I CHICKEN AND PIGEON RANCH— On San
Hruno road, near Fix-mile House on line
Kectucky-Ft. cars. Vlsitacion Valley large
lot. well Improved; good house and barn-
windmill and tank; plgoon loft 78 feet long;
firet-clatf chlcken-houE-e: rood Income. For
tale by GAFTET A MAHON,
605 California st
I A HOME indeed — 110 arr^s in the famous or-
chard section of the Western Slope, Pajaro
Valley, within 3 miles of B.P.R.H. : 25 acres
in apple*. 10 In apricots, 15 in French prunes,
'2/ In Hsrtlctt pears. 1 In cherries. 11 acres
full-bearing vines; good house; winery; barn;
» fnnthouEc; stock f-heds; water piped to all
buildings from a living spring.
GAFFEY A MAHON.
C05 California st.
JOSEPn rTRAUB, C30 MARKET ST.
«20O0— -Oood 5-room and bath cottage; lot
7.2-A ft front: near Valencia and 23d.
SCTOO — 6 flats of 4 rooms each; good condi-
tion: rents f71 CO: $3700 cash; cheap.
? 1SCO — Good cottape of 4 rooms: large lot
IfKsyj — Modrrn n-sidence; opposite Alamo
equare: flne view; key lot; bargain.
A CHOICE corner for rale on the SE. corner
«f l*th and Diamond ft». : :i olepant new flats
flni*hfd tn the quwn's taste: nice mantels,
• lectHc lirrtinr, rtone Ftepn and every con-
. ctlvable mcd>m Improvement. Apnlv on
premie to D. CORDON, owner and bulldrr.
FOlt SALE— ELEGANT FLATF; up to duf;
tfrnn »o suit purrnasrrs: larite lots en FreJ-
*rlrk. w~t of Wlllard. Sara Glass, builfisr,
: on premises. ,-'-V ;
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR 8 ALE.
F. B. SURRYHNE. „„,-.-
. REAL ESTAT^ M AGENT kERT ST
.tn^r-pS lve°? 5" h.ndsTm. '2S22
flats. 7 rooms and bath each: large lot
$14.500— Rents $1500 per annum: Cneatnu* !
at., corner; 3 choice new modern flats 7 r°°ms
and bath each; beautiful, unobstructed marine
V $27, S00— Rents $2400 per annum net; dose i to
Van Ness ave. and Post St.; boarding- hou««
of 35 rooms, baths, etc.; under lease; flne prop-
° S $ t r»000— California st., near Polk; •ubstantial
residence, 9 rooms and bath; mortgage of $w>W
can remain If desired; lot 25xS7:tt.
$0500— Rents $9C0 per annum; corner on
Halght st.; 2 handsome new flats of o and I
rooms and bath eacb.
$12.5C0 — Twenty-eecond ave., adjoining tne
Presidio reservation; elegant residence, 1*
rooms and bath; lot 100x120; overlooking Ba-
ker's Beach; beautiful, unobstructed marine
vlev.-; sold to close an estate; large mortgage
Ca $S300— Page at, near Ashbury; flne modern
residence 10 rooms and bath; large lot
$5000— Close to Devisadero and Geary, --
story house 6 rooms and bath: lot ZSXiJJ.o.
$!)000— Presidio Heights, close to Clay st.
ekgant modern residence. 10 rooms and bath,
lar«e. sunny lot. 35xlC0.
$C300— Fell st, near Laguna: flne --•tory
house. 0 rooms and bath; lot 23x120 through
to Duboce Park; 2 handsome
new flat?. 5 and 6 rooms and bath eacn; rents
?J *42W— °Fofs'o X in st.. near Twenty-flfth: fln«
2- story house. 8 room* and bath and ataDie,
lot 2.-X115 to an alley. ....
$2150— Clipper et., near Church: nice little
cottage. 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
$2830— Close to Haight and Ashbury: nice
cottage li rooms and bath: lot 25x80; mortgage
of MWK> can remain If desired; balance on easy
terms. . .,
$: lt ,5iv_Corn»T. nrar Third st. : etore and O
room* above; rents ?40, which is low.
«:'.75O— Harrison St.. near Fifth; house 7
rooms and bath. . _ I
$7500— Close to Valencia and Fourteentn ; 3
substantial flaw 6 rooms and bath each; renta
$810 per annum
jijiOto— Clone to Market and Eleventh; corner;
8tor» with flat above.
$8500— Neat Mis.-ion and Thirteenth; 8 sub-
stantial fiats. C, rooms and bath each; rents
$0C0 (.«>r annum; large lot.
$'!75O— Close to Valencia and Eighteenth;
str-f nnd fl.it; rents $36 per month.
$.V5<S0— Close to Howard and Nineteenth:
Ftorc and Cat; rents $37 50 per month; want
an offer.
$30C0— Howard st.. near Twenty-first; flne 2-
ntory residence, h rooms and bath; finished
basement; lot 27:Cxl22:6.
$?.CCO— Harrison st.. near Twenty-alxth; good
2-story house. 6 rooms and bath and stable;
lot 2.1x1! .O; easy terms If desired.
June Catalogue Now Ready.
ALL BARGAINS.
$l.ir.O— Building l/>t on Halght and Baker.
$4r,r.o— Corner Devlnadero and Waller: 82x100.
$.t7f,0— Comer Waller and Alpine; 80:6x100.
$2730— Waller et. near Devlsadero; key lot
26:8x100.
$2»;ff> — Waller St.. near Devlsadero: 26:Sxl0O.
$2MX>— Waller «t.. near Broderick: 28x100.
All street work done, stone sidewalk laid:
cheapest lots in Western Addition; easy terms
arranged if desired.
F. B. SURRYHNE. 13S Montgomery at
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 MARKET ST.
$53,000— Spear at. half a block from Market;
61:8x137:0.
$26,000— PoBt-et. corner. 137:6x137:6; 7
houses, 7 rooms each; renta $1356.
$18,000— Three magnificent new fiats; McAl-
lister st. near Stelner; lot 27x137:6; rents
$1S3O.
$4350 — Modern up to date residence. 7 rooms |
and bath; on Ashbury Heights; lot 25x100.
$100.000— One of the best hotels In the city;
5-story 110 rooms; north side of street; every ,
room light and sunny; new; rents $617 60 per i
month net; secured lease; very large lot. 73:10
xl37:6.
$8000— Two beautiful new. modern flats on
Frederick St.. near Belvedere; rents $370.
MISSION BARGAIN. j
$7000 — Four flats of 4 rooms and bath each; !
a gllt-edge Investment with a double frontage;
82:8x118; never Idle, and the present income i
of $S40 per annum of 1 per cent' per month
has been paid for the last three years; on j
Capp st. j
PAYS OVER 1 PER CENT PER MONTH NET I
$3100 — 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath each;
always rented to the best of tenants; by as- .
aumlng the mortgage of $800 this property
pays as above after Insurance, taxes, water bill
and Interest are deducted from income; near j
Le^venworth and Vallejo sts. '
$2(K">0 — Handsome house of 7 rooms and '
bath; barn for 6 horses; street bltumlnlzed. i
etc.: on Alabama St., near Twenty-sixth; lot
25x100; rents $264; Improvements should be re-
modeled Into flats.
$8000— Beautiful new flats on Shotwell st.
near Twenty-flfth; rents $840; lot 25x122:6. {
$7<XX) — 5 flats in flrst-class condition; 4 and
6 rooms each; new plumbing throughout; rent- '
ing for $744 per annum, or over 10 per cent;
on Tehama at, near Fourth; lot 25x80. ,i
$4200 — Corner on Devlsadero st. near Union; t
54:6x96:7; magnificent marine view.
$11.500 — 3 new beautiful flats on Page at.,
near Lyon; rents $1200; lot 23x100.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market at.
" ~ ~ SPECK &~CO..
2C0 Montgomery at,
200 Montgomery at,
2CO Montgomery st,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Selling. Leasing.
Rents collected. Insurance.
$50,(«X>— Larkln-st. business corner; 87:6 ft
frontage; stores and lodging-house; j
leased and paying 6 per cent net. I
$45 000— Vicinity Bush and Kearny at».; stores
and three floors above; brick building;
lot fronts .13 feet: rents $263.
$35,000— Howard St., near Third; 50x160 feet;
8000 sciuare feet; key lot and two front-
ages; this lot on Third st, would b»
worth $100,000. .
$25,000 — Corner; new building; rents $224; lot
36:6x100.
$21.000— Larkln-st. business corner; lot 33 feet
frontage: rents $1800 annually.
$20,000— Polk-st. business property; 2 stores
and lodzlnc- house; lot 30x95' feet; rents
$145; $10,CCO bank mortgage can re- '
main. . •
$18.500— Poet st: lot 02:6x124; 2 frontages;;
very good improvements: renta $140.
$18.000— Rents $190; comer; 3 atores and 6
flats; lot €8:0 frontage.
$lS.r>00 — Ellis at.; bargain: near Larkln: three.;
houses: let 27:6x120; two frontages; ,
$0000 bank mortgage can remain. • I
$13,500^ — Lot 55x00 feet; 4 substantial houses: \
key property to Valencia st: rents $106. }
$12.500^ — Three magnificent flats; Haight at; •
rents $120: lot 23x137:6. j
$11,000— Corner Seventh at; 55 feet frontage;
flne building Kite. !
$8.580 — 2 stores and ? flats; corner north of !
Market St.; 48:6 feet frontage; yearly
rents $9«0: paying 11 H per cent
$5,C0O^ — Mission business comer: 3 stores; renta j
$480 yearly: lot 43x«O feet .
RESIDENCES. i
J13.000 — Califnrnla-st. residence: 12 rooms anil >
bath: lot 30x117:6: choice block.
$9,000— Splendid home; 0 rooms and bath; lot
30x117 :«5; $C>0(X> mortgage can remain.
$1.500 — 4-room cottage; lot 27:6x100; Mission
warm belt.
CHOICE LOTS.
$S,«tO — Broadway, north aide, and best resi-
dence block; unobstructed view; lot 27 x
137:6.
(4,000— Ma rkf t-st. lot. 25x100 feet, adjoining
corner lot tmDtoved with $45,000 build-
ing and leaned for ten years.
SPECK & CO..
200 Montgomery st. opp. Mills building.
$12.500— FILLMORE: stores and flats; cheap. \
$12..">no — Rents $100: Howard, nr. 6th; snap.
$7,500—3 flats: half Improved.
$5,250 — 2 modern flats; rent S48 CO.
$4.000 — Rent $40; 4 good flats; snap.
Sure turn bus. ccr.; Inside Larkln; cheap.'
$»5,000 — Down town; 7 per cent in. property.
TRAVKRS & WERTHEIMER.
323 Montgomery st
$1 S3 PER week: no Interest: lots ,n th» Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level; ao grad-
Inc to da: ready to; build your little bom*
en; close U> electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
2fl Montgomery at. room S.
A HOME ~ ~
That will pay for Itself for sale by the Me-
chanics' Homo Building Company; two new,
modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms, high base-
ment; large lot: en east side ot Third ave.. I
between A and It sts.. north of park. See I
them to-day. Agent on ground. i
$3500 — FINE, modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath, I
" high basK>rrent. I rooms; entrance for car- ¦
rlage. 56 Prosper st. near 16th and Market.
FREE homestead presented by Uncle 6am un-
der new Government canal in Nevada. See
J. E. GORDON. «2S Crossley bldg.. 2:30 to 3
' p. m. daily
FOH sale— Artlrtlc home, near park: 0 rooms,
bath, servants' room, conservatory; stable
chicken hou*e, yanl for roxv; large lot; thre« '
minutes Irom four car lines; all as good as
new: owner leaving city; open Sunday. C30
Ninth ave.. between B and C sts.
FOR *al*— $12,000, cash $2000. 3 swell marine
view flat* not yet completed; renta $1320
per annum; north line Green at.. Nos. 1M*-
Wl-es. east of Laguna; every room Is and will
be sunny: every possible latest Improvement;
I lot 20x137:6., Apply at the premises. 11 to 3.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1901.
43
ALAMEDA ADYERTIS'3IENT3
ALAMEDA KKAL ESTATIE.
THIS WEEK WE ARE GIVING YOU A
FEW SPECIALS.
YOUR INTERESTS WILL BE BEST SERVED
BY CONSULTING US BEFORE BUYING.
With aa established business of 27 years
we give no other reference than our past
j record.
WE'VE BEEN GROWING ALL THE TIMD
£££ ARB AND HAVE BEEN FOK YEARS
THE LEADING AND RELIABLE HEAL
ESTATE AGENCY OF ALAMEDA
READ THE FOLLOWING VERY CARE-
FULLY.
$2750 — New, just completed; 6- room cottage,
wth all modern conveniences; lut 50x150;
$500 down, balancs $25 per month. Can ycu
beat that? RemenbeV this is in a fine location.
?l«_0 —^fow this place must be sold this
week; actual cost $2400; swell little cottage;
nice lawn, etc; lot 23x150; on Buena. Vista
ave.. near Willow tt.
*l£O0 — ErceMent. almost new home of 7 ,
rooms; Cn? plumbing, porcelain bath; lot 30x
l"j; on sunny, side of Central ave.. near High
st. We can make you satisfactory terms.
This is" a foreclosure and an awful snap.
$151X) — On C'llntun ave.. near Willow st.:
rUht near th« bay and among the- swell !
homes; beautiful residence oC 7 rooms; sweliest
loc.-itlpn: lot 40x120. . !
(6500 — This is no snop. but fine value for
j tl:e price; located on San Antonio ave.. near
j Chestnut et.: owner leaving; t»-room home,
j almost new; 50-foot lot, 150 feet deep; lawn,
j crape arbor and abundance of flowers. ;
$12,CUO — New 10- room home on a NE. corner; !
this is one of the rwel'.est homes on this side i
cf the bay and mu<t b«? seen to be appreciated. I
IF X YOU CANT CALL WRITE. WE ARK
HERE ALL THE TIMEX
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
1422 l'ark et.
Open Sundays.
ADAMS A CO.
Coicnla! cottage of 5 rooms and bath, gas; i
! lot 3Uxl25; J20G0; easy terms. $250 down and '
j 52i> per month.
J For Alameda real estate don't fall to call on
us. the reliable agenta who have houses, cot-
tages ar.d lots for eale in the very best loca- ]
tlons in Alameda. Take broadcauge and get I
oil at Bay station.
ADAMS A CO.. Bay Station. I
Phone Alameda 6052. ¦
Office open Sundays from 0 a. m. to 3 p. m.
, zz I
A BEAUTIFUL HOME
On Morton st.. south of Central; modern 0-
room house; splendidly built; eanltary plumb-
ing, bath, high basement, attic, tankhouse,
well or city water; lot C0xlS5; cost owner
$SC0O; will sell for $5250.
J. S. HANLEY, 1310 Park st.
BUY A HOME IN ALAMEDA.
CHOICE PROPERTY FOR SALE.
VALUES STEADILY ADVANCING.
Furnished and unfurnished houses to let.
ELMER E. JOHNSON. 1501 Park St.
TO CLOSE ESTATE.
Two-story house; 11 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern con%-en!ences; lh flne order; north side
: Santa Clara ave., near Grand; if sold at once
540CO. J. P. HANLEY, 1310 Park st.
! $2550— CHOICE house of 7 rooms: lot 50x150:
j new cottage of 6 to 8 rooms will be changed {
to suit purchaser; located 1634 Union Ft.
Call or address J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park «t.,
Alameda.
ALA.MEOA nOl'SES TO LET.
A BEAUTIFUL house of 10 rooms and bath:
fruit tree*, hothou**; all open-work plumbing;
best location. 1721 San Antonio ave.. near
Chestnut-rt. ftatlon.
BERKELEY ADVERT f S'M'NT3
nCRKF.LKY REAL. ESTATE.
BERKELEY BUSINESS PROPERTY as an
Investment is equal to anything on the
coast. There Is money to be made by buy-
Ing that class of property — five local trains
every hour from Berkeley station to San
Francisco. ¦&;. '
Berkeley Is a village no more — It Is the
center of California for many things.
BERKELEY IS CALIFORNIA.
SOME GOOD BUYS.
A thoroughly well-built two-story brick build-
ing, a NW corner 0 stores below aod flats
above, paying well.
A fine corner on Shattuck ave., very promi-
nently located; vacant; there's money In It.
A atone and brick warehouse, fitted with corn-
< partments, elevator etc.. In a business center;
• leased for five years.
A business blcek on Telegraph ave.. 2 storea
and flata above with vacant corner adjoin-
lrg for flats; a choice proposition.
JOS. J. MASON,
Cor. Center and Ehattuck. Berkeley.
A FEW BUSINESS SNAPS.
Corner stores and flats, centrally located,
$18,000.
Warehouse, etone and brick; leased for five
years; 17000.
Vacant property on Shattuck ave.; a flne In-
vestment.
Business lot. CO feet front; on Shattuck ave.,
right near Berkeley station; $3750.
A well constructed brick building: a north-
west corner; 6 stores below, flata above; pay-
ing well.
SOME CHOICE HOMES.
Swiss chalet in the Berry-Bangs Tract; flne
corner, on a car line; something flne; finished
!n Ftone; $7000.
Six-room hab.se; large let; near Berkeley sta-
tion; only $3000; new and complete.
Corner; near Key Route: facing south and
west; 7 rooms; large lot; $4200.
JOSEPH J. MASON,
S. E. Corner Center St. and Ehattuck Ave.,
Berkeley.
$075— NICE south front lot; only 3% blocks of
U. C. and "Key."
SS7B — Fine 60 ft., west front lot. on Grove st.
$1800 — Sightly, choice, west front, corner lot,
on Grove st.
$1450 — Choice ' lot on HUlegass ave., near
Derby at.
$1500 — Let 50x125; south front; paved atreet;
In BcenJc Tract.
$2400 — 5 rooms; new; complete; eart of Grove
et. A good buy.
$3000 — 0 rooms; new; nice; near University
and station
$3200 — 7 good rooms; new; sunny; nice loca-
tion; near trains.
$3900 — 7 rooms; modern; east of Dana, north
of Dwi_ht- j
$5G0u — 8 good rooms; new; attractive; ex-
ceptionally well built; choice location; price I
reduced. One of our best buys.
$5000—13 rooms; modern: nearly new; dose
to University nnd trains. SNAP.
LYMAN ALLEN. 2129 Center st.
W. R. ELLIS A CO. HAVE JUST PUB-
LIFHEDA. NEW MAP OF BERKELEY.
CORRECTED TO DATE. SHOWING NEW
AND PROPOSED CAR LINES. NEW
STREETS. UNIVERSITY BUILDINGS,
SCHOOL HOUSES, LOCAL STATIONS, ETC.
A COMPLETE STREET DIRECTORY ON
THE MARGIN. PRINTED ON FINE BOND
PAPER. SIZE 22x23 INCHES. IF YOU
WANT RELIABLE INFORMATION ABOUT
BERKELEY. WRITE TO KLLIS A CO., TUB
ACTIVE REAL ESTATE DEALERS. THEY
WILL MAIL YOU A COPY OF THIS HAND-
SOME MAP AND LOCATE UPON IT THAT
GOOD INVESTMENT YOU ARE LOOKING
FOR IN THE U. C. TOWN.
W. R. ELLIS & CO.,
2150 SHATTUCK AVENUE.
PHONE NORTH 92.
A MAN WISHING TO BUY A HOME
SHOULD MAKE THE MOST OF HIS OP-
PORTUNITIES. NOW IS THE TIME IN
I BERKELEY. THE FOLLOWING HOUSES
j ARE JUST BEING COMPLETED:
$3000— yew 6-room bouse with basement.
£4300 — New 7- room house with basement.
j47r.11 — Klegantly finished 7-room house.
$5000— Fine 8-room house, complete In every
detail.
Bee some of our special building lots; also
two or three tracts for subdivision.
JUSTER A BAIRD, 2137 Shattuck ave.
CHENEY & BEnRT.
S600 for lots 40x135; just oS Telegraph ave.;
flne view; big bargains.
$3500— New house of 7 rooms; Dana at., near
I>wight way; cheapest buy in the good real-
denee district.
glO.%0 — 5 rooms and bath; 60x120; street work
Gone; almost new; great snap.
CHENEY A BERRY.
P. O. Block, Berkeley SUtlon.
GOOD Investments near new Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 ft. frontage on track; two
blocks from Berkeley station $2300
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $200
Lot 40x135; mac: within y, block, $450
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2000
Buy where values are Increasing.
Several bendred other lots and a number of
cheap house*.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 105fl University ave..
Near Sar> Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
M. P. W. ALHEE, REAL ESTATE— Large list
hemee, resldtnee Jots and business property;
also choice Investment . property, paying 0 to
10 per c«nt net; lowest prices and satisfac-
tion guaranteed. 2139 Center st.
$0500— COLLEGE ave.; new house: 11 rooms; i
modern throughout; .atable. carriage liouso, |
chicken house; 1 acre of ground; well-kept I
garden and grounds: grand view; Cne herne: j
easy terrnn. HEDEMARK & JACK CO.. 11 '
Montgomery
FEUITVALE Advertisements.
PBCITVALE REAL KSTATE.
SPECIAL ¦'-•¦•¦> ¦: ¦':
FOR THIRTY DATS. 7
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK.
The terminus of 5-cent fare. Haywards cars;
streets graded and graveled; stone sidewalks;
depot on tract; lots from $50 to $200; $20 casn
and balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train; best located property on San Leandro
road; graded school on tract. Apply to S. S.
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland,
TWO acrea, corner, cottage of « rooma, bath,
pantry, baaement, windmill and tank, chicken
yards, 150 fruit trees, berries, etc., cheap.
C. MICHEL. Elmhurst. Cal.
FOR sale— $2750; it cost $3750; renta for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to 8. 8. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVEETISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1010 BROADWAY.
OAKLAAP REAL ESTATE.
HOLCOMB, BREED A BANCROFT, Ino.
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
FORECLOSURE! SALES.
$2100— New lVa story cottage; 5 rooma and
bath; modern; lot 30x125; flne location;
close to schools, care and Key route trains
. to San Francisco; very easy terms.
2002
$2500 — 2 flne 5-room cottages: 4 rooms and
bath each; lota 25x100; close to 23d ave.
broad gauge local, schools and care; now
rented; aee these. v
$2000— New colonial house; 7 large rooms j flne
dining room; modern In every detail; sun-
ny side; lot 35x106; clcse to schools, cars
and Key route trains; flne' view of Berke-
ley hills and Golden Gate; small payment
down, balance on easy monthly pay-
ments.
$2600 — New colonial house; 7 rooms, bath, eto.;
on a good corner on Telegraph ave.; lot
35x104; flne location and surroundings;
close to schools, cars, Santa Fe and Key
route trains to San Francisco; small cash
payment; balance same aa rent.
$3100 — New colonial house; 8 rooms; modern
.-. -'' in every particular; gaa and electrio light-
ing; lot 42x115; close to Telegraph ave.
and crosstown Key route trains; flrst-
clasa surroundings; everything new; small
cash payment, balance easy monthly pay-
ments.
These properties must be sold and prices are
reduced for quick sale, and terms will be
made to eult; call early and get keya to
Inspect premises.
UNIMPROVED.
$350 — 30x106; biggest snap In Oakland; 8 min-
ute walk from 40th at. Key route; Imme-
diately adjoining noted Linda Vista Ter-
race.
$370 — 40x120; elevated lot; street work com-
plete; close to schools, cars, eta
$700— Fine lot, 83:4x110. on Vernon at., ad-
joining Adams Point property; thla la a
decided ana_>.
$7W SNAP. $750.
Fine corner on the Key Route system;
cloae to 24th and Market sts.; 37:0x100;
street work complete.
HOLCOMB, BREED A BANCROFT. Ino..
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
TAYLOR BROS. A CO.,
REAL ESTATE, INSURANCE AND FINAN-
CIAL AGENTS,
1230 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
TELEPHONE CEDAR 351.
AN INVESTMENT.
$2750— Here la a lot, 50x101 feet, on Twenty-
second at., In good neighborhood; two
dwellings- on the property, one facing
Twenty-second st. and the other in the
rear; there is also 27 feet still vacant,
leaving room for another cottage; this
property la now bringing an income cf $30
per month: must be sold at once; we are '
exclusive agents. 1490
$4650 — Two cottager on West st.: 5 and 0 rooma
each; modern and in the best of repair;
flne lawn, flowers and shrubbery; income
$50 per month; owner leaving the city
and must be aold. 1391
VACANT LOTS.
$650—40x130 feet; Howard at., overlooking
Lake Merritt.
$1000—50x140 feet; Hanover ave.; beautiful lo-
cation.
$1400—70x140 feet; Lester ave., Lake Merritt
district. I
$1050—13x120 feet; Athol ave.
$725—32:6x165 feet; Athol ave.
All of the above Iota are beautifully
situated; flne streeta; within a few min-
utes' walk of the new Fourth-ave. bou-
levard car line, and will Increase SO per
cent within six months.
$300— 60x150 feet; In beautiful Tuxedo Park;
these lots are selling rapidly, fourteen
having been sold within the last ten days.
$1250 — 100x140 feet; Union st.; good location.
$750—60x135 feet; on Linden st.
$1500—81x120 feet; Thirty-eighth at..- near
Grove.
$800—60x102 feet; Linda Vista district.
$1250—150x400 feet: covered by, good orchard;
one block street car line; streets on three
sides of property: must be sold to close an
estate at once; offer wanted.
TAYLOR BROS. A CO..
1236 BROADWAY, OAKLAND, CAL.
E. J. STEWART A CO.,
1003 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$2200 — $100 down and $20 per month will buy
a swell 5-room cottage; porcelain bath;
hot <ind cold water; all modern con-
veniences; large lot; sunny aide of Btreet.
$1000 — Nice B-room cottage; 6 large rooms;
bath; high basement: lot 40xl2S feet;
fruit trees: berry bushes;, flowers; lawn;
within a black of Key Route or street
car; must be seen to be appreciated.
$2000— Fine 2-story houae of 0 rooms; bath;
Linden at., close to 16th: lot 29x132 feet;
this property is being offered at this low
figure and la a. grand bargain; could be
occupied by two families.
! $2600 — Beautiful new 6-room modern house;
two-«tory; 7 ft. concrete basement; ele-
vated lot; close to S. P. station.
E. J. STEWART A CO..
1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
GEORGE H. VOSE. REAL ESTATE. i
$3500 — 8-room house, on Thirty-sixth and Grove I
sts.; only 4 blocks from Key Route sta- !
tion: cheapest house in the district; lot
37x150.
$1800— CottRge of 5 rooms and bath; In Linda 1
Vlata Terrace: large lot. 41x200; cheapest -
house ever aold In this district. :
$1300— Large lot, 75x135 feet; right in the heart !
of Linda Vista Terrace; cheapest lot in !
Linda Vista. i
• ___ I
GEORGE H. VOSB. 072 Broadway, Oakland. •
$2750— 7-ROOM. beautiful cottage on elevated !
40- foot lot on Linden st.; Is going at a !
sacrifice.
$2300 — 6-room cottage, near Clinton station; lot
32x140; terms if desired.
$2000 — 6-room house; sunny . side of street; I
choice location; In East Oakland; cheap at 1
$2400; terms.
$000 — 4-room cottage; on Eighteenth at.
F. F. PORTER. 4Gt5 Eighth St.. Oakland.
MANUFACTURERS AND EVERYBODY.
SEE THIS FINE BUILDING SACRIFICED.
I have for sale a large building at Elmhurst.
Cal. a suburb of Oakland, built for a hotel,
but too Urge for the place, and I have a late
order to sell It- for the best price I can get.
The building Is 60x100 feet and contains 4v
large rooms; a gas plant in good order in a 1
building in the rear, and gas and water fix- !
tures all over the house. The lot In on the
principal street with etreet rnilroad In front,
and is 115x130:7 feet on Jones ave.: a cement \
sidewalk 15 feet wide on two sides. It is
well adapted for any kind of manufacturing,
with electric power plant near by; or a hun-
dred other purposes to be suggested. Tbn
owner Is a very old man and Is closing up his
affairs and says SF.LL for WHAT IT. WILL
BRING. See the building and make me an offer.
IRA C. JENK8.
1200 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS. "*
$.1500 — Sunny corner (t-room cottage; central-
ly located; lot • 85x100.
1 $2000 — Pretty new 5-room shingled cottage:
latest Imorovcments.' den. eto.; lot 30x120, on
3uth st., near West: near Key Route: easy
«2525 will buy 3 flats and 30-foot lot renting
for $23 J a icood Income Investment.
$2500 — Nice* 6- room cottage with floored attic
and lot 32x120 on 35th St., Near Telegraph
ave. : easy terms. ¦ ¦
$2300 — New 5-room cottage on Weat at., one
block- from San Pablo ave. and Key Route;
lot 28x140; ea»y terms. ,
$2400— Nice 7-room houae on Walsworth ave.,
near Senator Perkins' - bom«; easy terms.
BELDEN REAL ESTATE, 1113 Broadway.
Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVEBTISEMENT3
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$4230 and $4500— New modern houses; each
7 rooms and bath; complete In every detail;
' workmanship guaranteed; good neighborhood;
short walking distance to business center and
local trains.
982 86th at... between Grove and West; lot
37x1 so feet (note the size); new colonial houae;
op«n nickel plumbing; strictly up to date;
terma $700 caah; balance mortgage; thla place
la a beauty and must be aeen to bo appre-
ciated.
460 Edwarda at., east of Telegraph ave.: lot
50x125; frontage south; new colonial ' 7-room
house; never occupied.
S»l 20th St.. between Broadway and Frank-
lin; near business center and narrow gauge
station; 7-room house: 43 feet frontage; strict-
ly up to date and will rent for $43 SO per
month.
2139 Chestnut at., between S2d and 84th:
only four blocks to the Key Route station:
lot 87x127: driveway: 8 rooms; high baaement:
combination gas fixtures; open plumbing; two
mantels; only $3C0 caah, balance mortgage; key
next door.
LAST BUT NOT LEASED,
The Rustlo Bungalow, no odd and complete
that it la the- talk of the city: NW. corner of
13th ave. and East 2Sth St.; 8 rooms and two
baths; exterior finished la redwood logs and
clinker bricks; large lot; beautiful marine
view; space too expensive to extoll Its many
different qualities; seeing la believing; opea
for lnapectlon daily; terms only $1000 cash,
balance mortgage.
J. B. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
FOR BALE — AN IDEAL HOME OF 14
ROOMS: LARGE RECEPTION HALL,
DRAWING - ROOM. BILLIARD - ROOM.
DTNINO-ROOM. RECEPTION* -ROOM AND
DEN. S BEDROOMS; CEMENTED BASE-
MENT: FURNACE: LARGE CORNER LOT
ON ONE OF THE BEST RESIDEMCE
STREETS IN OAKLAND. WITHIN FIVE
MINUTES* WALK OF NARROW OAUGFJ
DEPOT. THIS IS WORTH INVESTI-
GATING. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS
APPLY TO
THE E. P. VANDERCOOTC CO..
1018 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
OR ROOM 32, 2D FLOOR, MILLS BLD..S.F.
tXO — HOUSE and lot near San PaSlo ave.;
terms to suit.
$2000 — New house -and lot within S minutes*
walk of the local; 6 rooms and bath; 30-
foot lot.
Investment — $15,000: fine new corner block,
within block and a half of local; pay 8V.
per cent on $20,000.
WM. P. TODD.
1070 Broadway. Oakland.
$200 CASH. $7 50 monthly; rustic cottage of 3
roorr.s, chicken shed; 4 lots, 60x245 feet, all
fenced; Immense grove of shade trees on
place: Al sandy loam soil; grand marine and
landscape views; lies high and dry: an Ideal
¦ spot: away from fogs and cold winds; cars,
school, church, town hall and Postofflce near
by. and adjoining East Oakland: price all,
told. $676. Call or Bend for circular. 453 7th
St., opp. Broadway station. Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
A WEEK'S news for S eents— The Weekly Call.
18 pa«r»s In wrapper, for - la'Hng. $1 rw year
OAKLAND Fl'HMSHED HOUSES.
REDUCED from $50 to $30 to good family
without children; 303 Perry at.; elegant
Piedmont house; alghtly; near car lines; S
rooms and bath; will lease for 3 months.
MODERN house of 11 rooms, furnished, from
June 15 to August 15; rent $00. Phone
1 Green 773j
TO rent for vacation — Pretty furnished house;
six rooms; $30. 496 Sherman ave.
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
TWO unfurnished rooms for housekeeping-;
phone, bath, large yard. 829 Jackson st.
Oakland noons.
FURNISHED rooms, with or without board;
central location. Inquire at 615 Eighteenth
St.. Oakland.
OAKUM) FUIMTIRU VOR IAUL
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H.Schellhaas.llth st., cor. store. Oakland.
MILL VALLEY ADV'BT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TAKE a delightful trip to-day; go to Mill Val-
ley; aee the lots right at the atatlon w» are
telling so fast.
Prices $350 to $350 each.
Terms, 10 per cent cash, balance $10 monthly.
All the lots are large; grand home sites
amidst pleasant surroundings; beautiful
views of mountains and the bay; the climate
unequaled; splendid opportunity for an In-
vestment; land values bound to Increase, as
Mill Valley Is rapidly coming to the front;
the new electric road has shortened the time
to 40 minutes from the city; Mill Valley has
all the conveniences of a city; flna supply uf .
pure mountain water, good sewerage and
drainage, electric lights, stores, churches
and schools, and In fact all conveniences;
lota beautifully wooded. Send for our new
Illustrated book descriptive of Mill Valley.
We have an offlca open Sundays and holi-
days. LYON A HOAG.
US Montgomery at.
TO LET— Mill Valley: 5-room furnished cot-
tage with bath. Box 849. Call.
San Francisco Advertisem'ta
STORAGE AX D WAREHOUSES.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; offlce 1170 Market, r. 43; tel.South 75O.
A— EMPORIUM Storage * Van Co. : furnltur*.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 16L
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-.
flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prtv. Ex. B7L
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. S40
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfnss,
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. . 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2SL
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
et.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
StKW'IMl MACHINES AM> SUPPLIES.
TltE WHITE IS KINO.
Best automatic furniture.
Best ball-bearlnz stand.
iw.<t vibrator and rotary shuttle.
Best lock and chain stitch.
Best sewing machine on earth.
Best machines at $3.00 per month.
Best machines to rent at $2.00 per montJt
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO..
Retail offices. SOU Post St..
1M1 Ftllmore ft. and 708 Valencia at.
DOMESTIC--- The machine for family use; best
la cheapest; second-hand all makes at any 1
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic offlce. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
cblnea; slightly uaed: $10. $15. $20: second-
hand. $3. $5. $S: all styles; guaranteed. New '
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market at.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, aent to any address In the j
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
L. CAMINO A CO.. Italian and French Soap I
Factory. 1C51 Montgomery St.. will hereafter i
be known as the Alexander Craviotto A Co.. 1
on and after June 8. 1904, Alexander Cravi-
otto A Co. having purchased all the Interest 1
of said L. Camino A Co. [•
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills {
are. best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4a •
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles" 1
In letter by return mall. Ask your druKsc'st. (
Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa. j
< BONDS rOJt SAT-B.
7 PER CENT
We have a limited number of bonds, secured
by a first mortgage on the property of a
large substantial manufacturing concern that
we offer in denominations of $10,000 or any
multiple thereof. The total bond Issue la
about 33 per cent of the value of the security.
Parties having funds to invest In bonds bear-
Ing Interest at the rate of 7 per cent per
annum and payable aemi-annually should Jn-
vestlgate this. Bo* 1^*. Selma. Cal.
' " TO~ LEASE. " " I
r>FSIR*BI- E tenant wanted for rooming or
apartment-house: we have some first-class
propositions. -PECK A CO.. 209 Montgom-
ery st. _
For Additional Classified Advertise. I
mextts See Pare Forty«Fou_% 'A
FRUITVALE ADV'BT'S'M'NTS
jritlHTVALIi! UHAL KSTATE.
~HrA~PLElTNER. Fruttvale station. Cal.
Chicken ranch of 2% acres, with nice little
cottage; rent $10 per month, with 8 years'
lease, together with 80 chickens, brooder, 5
chlcktn yards; good water on the place; nice
vegetable garden, etc.; place only $150.
$1450— Very attractive cottage of 4 large
rooms, porch, hall, bath and high base-
ment; also chicken-houses; lot 37:6x130;
on best macadamized street; 4 blocks
from Frultvale station; Email sum down,
balance on your own terms.
$1050— Large lot. 70x110; In center of Frult-
vale; cottage of 2 flne rooms; sewered;
city water; 18 fruit trees; % block north
cf East 14th St.; cloae in.
$929 — Very good cottage of 4 rooms; about 3
blocks from Frultvale ave.; flne garden,
fruit trees, choice flowers; lot 50xl0tt;
email payment down, balance about $10
per month.
$1575 — Good, substantial and newly painted
cottage of 5 rooms, bath, hall, mantel,
-.'¦' -\ etc.; barn, chieken-house; lot 60x120; 1
block from electrio car line; easy terms
If desired.
$1050— New modern cottage of 4 rooms, hall
and bath: porcelain bathtub; hinh base-
ment; lot 38x125; all fenced; 4 blocks
• from S. P. local station; terms to suit.
$1800 — Extra good house of 4 rooms, hall, bath
and 2 finished rooms In basement: also
new carpets in double parlors; gas, etc.;
on a fine street; 4 blocks from local sta-
tion; lot 87:0x135: fruit trees, choice veg-
etation, etc.: a grand place for the mon-
ey: you must ses it.
$1S3O-— Modern hou»e of 6 rooms and bath, hall,
mantel, all in good condition: lot 87x115:
fruit trees and flne garden: 1 block from
2<1d-ave. car line; In a choice and ele-
vated location, commanding a magnificent
view.
11650 — New cottage of 4 large rooms, ha.ll.
bath and high basement; lot 33x104:
street work all done; cement walks, etc.:
fronting on car line; $100 cash down, bal-
ancs on **ty terms.
$1875 — Nice looklnc cottage of 4 rooms, hall,
bath, attic: all floored; lot 00x275; 1 block
north of East 14th st. and close to broad
gauge local station.
?210O — New modern cottage of 4 extra large
rooms: high basement; all floored: lot
v 75x200; from street to street; location
*S handy to cars and school and most de-
sirable for raistnar chickens.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale station. Cal.
ELROD A HULL.
No. 84 — $350 — Chicken ranch; 400 chlokens;
incubator; brooder; yards: tools; these are for
sale; a 4-room bouse on 2 acres of land, with
barn, city water. In fruit, for rent for $12 per
month; this place is located 5 blocks from car
line.
No. 80 — $000 — Chicken ranch, chlcktns and
fixtures for sale, consisting of horae, buggy,
cow, Incubator, brooder, chicken-houses and
runs and all necessary tools; house of 6
rooms; windmill and tank; barn; on 4 acrea
of land; for rent for $12 per month; thla place
Is located on car line and 4 blocks from
Frultvale local atatlon.
No. 35— $560 — Chicken ranch of 200 laying
hens and some young chickens; lncubater and
very large brooder house; ample room for
1000 chickens; chicken-houses; plg«on loftt
bone grinder; feed cutter; all necessary tools;
this property for sale; a 4-room oottage with
barn and windmill on 2 acrea for rent for $12
per month.
No. 89 — $450 — A small cottage of 8 rooms:
lot 87:0x113; city water: this place Is located
4 blocks from car line and same distance from
graded school.
No. 2— $2200 — A 5-room bungalow. Just fin-
ished, with porcelain bath, stationary wash-
tubs In the laundry; fine gas grate and mantel:
electrio lights throughout the house; city
water; connection with the main sewer: 1
block from Frultvale ave. ; this place com-
mands a flne view of the mountains, also of
S. F. and the bay: Is 4 blocks from graded'
school: we can sell you this plac» on very
easy terms. *
No. 30— $2800— ©-room house, bath; hot and
cold water: sanitary plumbing; fine view; all
kinds of berries In full bearing: barn and
chicken-houses; lot 75x115; located on corner:
2 blocks from car line and 4 blocks from
school; this la a flne home.
No. 14 — $3000 — Chicken ranch, consisting of
a 4-room house: barn: plenty of chtckc*-
houses: 3 acres of land, all in full bearing
fruit of various kinds; some chickens; horse,
harness and two-seated express wagon goes
with the place: thin property commands a flne
view and is In a most healthy location: a good
paying grocery business for eale.'
Fine building lots for sale; now Is a good
chance to get a home, for we contract and
build to nult on mey terms.
ELROD & HULL. 1310 Frultvale av«.,
1% blocks from local station. Phone Brook 1651
CHAS. F. LEB. phone Vale 206.
Office one-half block from Frultvale station.
|9<K) — Nice cottag* of 8 rooma; chicken-
house and yard; close to station; can be bought
on easy terms.
il0oo—$30o cash. bal. $10 monthly: house of
6 rooms; close to street cars and school; nice
creek running through property; lot 50x110.
$400 cat.h — New cottage of 4 rooms, bath,
pantry, high basement, sanitary washtubs:
chicken yard and house; fenced and cross
fenced: berry vines and flowers: near local
train and school; lot 88x125; price, all told.
$1600.
$1600— Fine new cottage of 4 larra rooms,
bath, pantry, high basement, reception hall;
near local train and school: lot 38x125.
$19 monthly and own your own home — A
lovely 6-room.' bath, pantry, high basement,
brick foundation cottage; handsomely deco-
rated Interior; steel enameled bath: handsome
palm tree; full bearing fruit trees and flowers
fn abundance; 3 blocks from the car line;
graded school close by and lot 70x113; 0M7
$500 cash required; price, all told, $1750.
$500 cash— Beautiful, up-to-date bungalow
cottage of 5 rooms; reception hall, bath,
pantry, electric lights, stationary washtub<;
finest of plumbing; near local train and school;
let 38x125; price, all told, $1780.
$C0O cash— Fine cottage of 5 rooms, bath,
pantry sanitary tubs; high basement, finished
fcr summer kitchen and dining-room; nice re-
caption hall; large chicken yard and house;
abundance of fruit trees and flowers; cloae to
street cars and school; lot 75x200, two front
ages- all for $2200; easy monthly payments.
$4500— -One of the handsomest homes on
i Frultvale ave.: corner lot, 75x160. with an L
lot 50x150; chicken yard, chicken house;
1 fenced and cro*s fenced— high board and wire;
1 house of 8 rooms: lovely fruit trees, abundance
of flowers and elegant lot; flne shade trees;
' 2 car lines peas the property; easy terms if de-
sired; offered at a sacrifice.
$7fA-Lots in the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract;
flne soil grand view; new homes rapidly going
up- no cold winds or wet fogs, and lots only
$75' each; $&<down. bal. $2 50 per month.
*,o eacn. » HAS K LJ - Ei 1223 pvuitvale ave.
W E RUDELL. REAL ESTATE,
' Cor Frultvale ave. and Washington St..
FRUITVALE, CAL.
Offlce hours— S a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays In-
cluded.
I GIVE COMMUTATION TICKETS AWAY.
Free commutation ticket to every purchaser.
$850— House. 6 rooms: lot 60x80; . good well;
$100 cash bal. $10 per month; Allendale.
$1000— House, 2 rooms: lot 70x110; nice loca-
tion; city water and sewer; $150 cash,
balance same as rent.
J2500 i acreB; Kood soli; Just the place for
chicken ranch.
$1700— Beautiful cottage. 4 rooma, bath, gas
and stationary wash trays: there Is no
better bargain in Frultvale; $200 or $300
cash, balance same as rent.
«2400 Cottage, 6 rooms; modern in every way;
corner lot, 40x125. This is a grand home.
•2500 House, 8 rooms, bath, mantel, station-
ary wash trays: fruit trees, vegetables
and berry bushes, chicken houses. ( large
tnough for BOO chickens; good well; corner
lot, 135x113; largo stable; terma if desired.
17000— Roadhouse, all furnished, 14 rooma. bar
flxturea and Ice chest, summer garden and
houses, wine cellars. 2 large stables and
chicken houses; lot 100x200; terms can be
arranged if desired. This Is a business
opportunity worth considering. Location,
San Leandro road. _____
Frultvale ave. properties from $3700 up.
For rent Flat, 5 rooms and bath; 2 blocks
from station: rent $15.
ONE-MONTH COMMUTATION TICKET
FREE TO EACH PURCHASER.
W. E. RUDELL.
Cor. Frultvale ave. and Washington st..
One block from station,
FRUITVALE. CAL.
Offlce open Sundays. 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. ( -
H BARKMEYER. 1206 Frultvale ave.. near
Frultvale Station. Cal.
IX)TS LOTS LOTS.
Only $100 to $200 per lot; cement sidewalks
laid; streotn graded and graveled; near schools
and car Un«: small payment down, balance
on easy terms. _____
$000— $100 cash, balance $10 per month; cot-
tage of 3 rooms: lot 76x250; good well and
pump; 4 blocks from car line; flne place for
raising chickens.
• X660 A sacrifice: modern cottage of 4 rooms
and bath: closets and pantry; high basement;
good brick foundation: atable, etc.; lot 37:Cx
200x50. fronting on 2 streets; only 2 blocks
from Frultvale station; terms, $150 cash, bal-
ance $13 per month.
Chicken ranch for rent; stock and fixtures
for Hale, consisting of 250 flne laying hens. 90
nullrts 65 chicks, brooder-house, new incuba-
tor good horse and wagon, almost new har-
ness fine milk cow; also $200 worth flne house-
hold' furniture: all for $800; cottage of 4 rooms
and 3 acres of flno land for rent at $10 per
month. '
$3500— * I- 3 acres of fine vegetable land:
about 2 acrea in bearing orchard and small
fruits; good hard flnlahed house of 5- rooms;
large Darn and chicken-houses: good well, etc. t
only 4 block* from car line; no reasonable
offer refusod: owner Is anxious to sell; would
make an -elegant chicken ranch. For partic-
ulars apply to H. BARKMEYER, near Frult-
vale station, Cul.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND KRAI. BSTATH. •
A PALATIAL HOME SACRIFICED.
$13,500. recent cost $22,000— Perfect New
England or Eastern architecturally designed
home; modern and replete with every artlstio
feature; 2-story, 10 rooms, flne attic; flne
grounds; 110x200; superb location; influential
I neighbors; flne homes; most perfect warm belt
, climate in Oakland; quick and convenient car.
service to San Francisco; a perfect home.
MUST BE SOLD ,
LET US SHOW YOU ....;
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO
460 and 462 Eighth at
Oakland
LATMANCB RBAL ESTATE COt,
460-462 EIGHTH ST..
Y OAKLAND.
INVEST IN OAKLAND.
$90,000 — Banking oenter of Oakland: flna li-
st ory business block; pays 8 net.
$40,000 — Corner, close In; flne modern Unproved
block: pays 7 net.
$9,500 — Fine buy in flats; 600 feet of bustneaa
center; coming business property.
APARTMENT HOUSE SITS.
$5,500 — Last chance before new hotel Is built,
directly opposite; corner « 60x100; prices
will double; only lot on street for sale at
original price.
110.000 LESS THAN COST.
$12. BOO — Exceptional offering; elegant Lakeside
home; U7X15O; furnace; barn; new bank
loan.
$8,000 — 8 blocks to Broadway and In Immedi-
ate vicinity of proposed new hotel and
opposite new Ebcll Club site, purchased
this week.
MORTGAGE • SALE.
$8,000— On direct street to new hotel. 1 block
distant; 16 minutes local eerriee; corner
60x115; flne 0-room house; values doub-
ling; midway between new hotel and 11-
story tank building.
I EXTRA FINE.
$8,100— Fine 1 modern house of T rooms and
bath; 2 mantels. 2 toilets, basement, ce-
ment, walks; $2000 flat mortgage; near
Piedmont baths.
MUST BE SOLD.
$3,850—86 lots, plat fronting San Leandro
electric road; hard finished building:
store. 8-room flat above; Insured $2S00;
. mortgage $2100; 6-cent fare; will double
values; snap.
KEY ROUTE LOT.
$180 — 60 feet frontage. West st., near new
ferry and car line; bargain.
LATMANCB RBAL BSTATH CO..
460-462 Eighth st.
Oakland.
REALTY. BONDS AND FINANCE CO. dne->
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th st.
HENRY A BUTTERS. President.
JOHN A. BR1TTON. Vice President.
ANSON S. BLAKE. Second Vic* President.
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
$2600.
Fine new and modern 5-room cottage near Key
route ferry; flne lot. 30x115; the houae la mod-
ern and convenient In every way; good time
to buy In this vicinity; terma can be made.
$3000.
Fine cottage on Linden atreet. dose- to car
lines; high basement, with all modern con-
veniences; It contains 6 rooms and bath and
Is In excellent condition; terms can be made.
$3000.
Fine Thlrty-fourth-street home, near the
Key route; contains 6 rooms and bath and has
flne furnace In the basement: the lot Is 33V>x
100 and on the north side of the street; the
house Is well built In every way; terms.
$3250.
Fine home on Howe street. 1 block to cars:
lot large and sunny, with fruit, flowers, eto.;
The house contains 7 rooms and bath and Is In
i excellent condition; terms can be arranged.
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
REALTY. BONDS AND FINANCE CO. One.)
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th st.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
Real Eotate Agent and Dealer.
Member of the- Oakland Real Estate Assa.
1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
A rare chance— $2475: new modern colonial
house, 0 rooms; porcelain bath, tiled sink,
hardwood (cherry) mantel, double parlors, gas
and electricity, 3 bedrooms, closets, plate-
glass door, finely frescoed; close to Grove st.
1 and 6 minutes' walk to train; electrio cars one
i $3200 — Elegant northwest comer, 6 blocks
from City Hall; flne location for four flata.
$2650 — 10 rooms, bath: modern plumbing:
walking -distance to Broadway and both trains;
cement basement, back and front staircase,
double parlors, elegant mantel, gas; flne condi-
tion; positively must be sold within a few days.
j->O0O — Two-story house and bath; 3 lots;
windmill and tank, stable, garden; near Key
route and local trains.
Do you want a flne building lot, walking
di«tance from town? Athens ave. or Twenty-
fourth st., near San Pablo ave.. for $750 up;
street work all done.
$7500— S>7 feet front; Telegraph-ave. property;
only corner left in this vicinity; 3 elegant resi-
dences to be erected on opposite corners.
$8000— Elegant house, 9 rooms; thoroughly
modern- ci»e block from Lake Merrttt, on Alice
St.; hall staircase and dining-room In solid
oak: furnace, concrete basement; surrounded
by beautiful homes. \
$3000 — 2 Cats, 5 rooms each; lot 37x123;
pcrcelain bath, open lawn veranda; flne loca-
tion; newly papered and painted. .
$50C0— 9 rooms; modern, new; flne location;
owner will. trade for small ranch or vacant lot.
14000— Elegant 9-room East Lake cottage:
Borcel»in bath; parlor finished In paneled curly
redwood: lot 35x100; close to Twentieth st.;
house built by owner, who lives there now;
I owner will take vacant lot as part payment.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN. .
Real Estate Agent and Dealer.
Member of the Oakland Real Estate Assn.
10C2 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. •-¦;';.
1 «3goo MODERN residence. 0 rooms; good for
i renting roorr.s: only S blocks east of Broad-
1 way and near all trains and electric lines.
I THE ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway.
I .
$3* > J0— FINE residence and grounds; 9 rooms.
. etc.; Alice st.; best bargain east of Brcad-
: way. The ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway.
• 4000— MODERN flats, rented $40 month; a
bargain: central location and never Idle.
THE ALDEN CO., 1233 Broadway.
ALDEN REALTY CO..
51S4 Telegraph ave.. uhone Black 64S1.
$473 — 50x12 »: sewered; near Key Route.
$950— 00x115; near Kay Route depot. Pied-
mont.
$17C0— 5 rooms and bath: all Improvements;
lilsh grounds; near Key Route.
$275*) — 5 roorr.s and bath: cottage 60x150;
fruit trees; sarden; barn; chicken-houses; In
Claremont.
Several good bargains near Claremont Coun-
try Club from $400 to $0000. - 't\~;
$C00O— A FINE house In Lakeside district:
thoroughly - modern and up to date in
•very particular: 0 rooms and bath: 0
; blocks from the business center; 4 blocks
j from the new iiustofnce; price reduced.
from $S0CO to $0750: must be sold.
1 S130C — Larse new, modern 0-room house on
Telegraph ave.: lot Is 45x100; this price
hue been p.duced from $C0O0; Is certainly
a great bargain.
C. K. MARSHALL, 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
THESE ARE ARE BARGAINS.
$3450 — 2 new modern flats of 6 rooms each; I
corner lot 30x«0: will rent for $38 per month.
$1700 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x I
90: all street work done: rent $17 per month.
$3200 — 4 cottages of 5 rooms each; lot lOOx !
10O; near Telegraph ave. and Key Route: rent
$32 per month: bank mortgage $2200 can stand.
HUGH-M. CAMERON.
1053 Broadway.
mmi '
FOR PROFITABLE INVESTMENT.
Lot adjclnlng new S. P. freight depot (now
being built) for sale at a bargain. Very de-
. nlrahle for lodging-house, store or saloon
business. V.nx 1215. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— Building lots In exchange for Oak-
land business property; value. $10,000. Box
SSS. Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY ItEAL KSTATE.
A UAP.GAIN.
$2100— $200 cash, balance $20 per month, In-
cluding Interest; 0 large rooms; flne
mantel, stationary tubs, high basement:
2 blocks to both trains; sunny side of
street; street work all done; cement walks.
s_:;CO — Nearly new 4-room cottage; all fur-
nished; new piano; lot 50xl»3; fruit trees
i and beautiful flower garden, chlcken-
! house, pigeon- house; % block to train;
1 owner F.uEt.
! $2300— Fine corner store with one 4-room flat
I ¦'.«¦¦: and one 5-ruom flat; lot 04x100; 1 block
j from station; snap.
] $.»500 — New 0-room house on corner lot, 50x100;
j •¦.; : double parlors; large dining-room; side-
I board: line mantel; porcelain bath; open
! plumbing; toilet up and down stalrv; large
viarhroom; fine neighborhood; 3 blocks
tM both trains; electric cars, stores, etc.;
?'do ca?h, balance $25 per month.
1 $»jCO— Th!3 place is cheap at $10,000; flne
corner, 284x1 CO; all business property.
Including bakeoven and bakehouse that
I. cost $700; store and stock which will
net $100 per month; two-story building
; consisting- of stores, etc.; living rooms;
must be scld at once; present owner re-
1 til-inn on account of old ag», being 82
I years oU and in poor health; a flno
crMnc<> for wood and coal yard.
I $2250 — New 5-room cottage: large lot; street
work all done; 3 blocks to both trains;
j JMK) cash, bal. $20 per month; place will
1 rent for this.
I ?22C0— Good as new; 5-room cottage; double
parlors; fine mantel; bath: high basement;
trick foundation; 3 blocks to train: 1013
Fifty-seventh st., Golden Gate station.
} *2409— 7-room cottage; on 80-foot st.; % block
to cars; fruit trees all bearing; good
; well; lot 50x140; a snap; street work all
¦ done. Including cement walks.
i $3600 — $500 cash, balance $30 per month; this
place sold for $40COp 8 beautiful rooms,
V ranging irom 1(5 to 18 ft. square; lot
COxl35; fine street; flne fruit trees; 3
blocks to both train*: must be sold: see It. ;
$1COO— $200 ca*h. bulanc* $20 per month; 6,
larg:e rooms; lot 45x100; nne well and mill; i
fruit trees; only 3 blocks to both car j
lines; flne neighborhood.
W. C. MORAN. South B«rkeley. 1
' LOTS with wondern.% view. $1450; flne. sight-
ly lot In the Wheeler Tract, fronting on two
streets. 53xlC2, must be seen to be appre-
ciated.
i W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
i BERKELEY STATION.
I
j $500— YOU must see that flne, sightly lot In
I the highlands; view sublime; one-half cash.
I W. J. MORTIMER A CO.,
BERKELEY STATION.
$B50— SPLENDID corner In North Berkeley;
streets mac-damlzed both sides; lots of fruit
trees in bearing; a snap for a quick buyer.
W. J. MORTIMER A CO.,
BERKELEY STATION.
$7250 — FOR 2 new houses of 7 rooms each;
streets fully improved; each lot 45x135;
property now rented for $62 SO a month net.
W. J. MORTIMER A CO.,
2123 CENTER ST.. BERKELEY. CAL.
$4500 — BEE those new houses In the Plummer
Tract, east of Telegraph ave.; we have a
large list of houses.
W. J. MORTIMER A CO..
Main entrance to University.
2123 CENTER ST.. BERKELEY, CAL.
NEW cottage. 0 rooms, bath, pantry, china
closet, mantel, concrete foundation, bay win-
dow; lot 50x127; atreet work done; cement ,
sidewalks, pretty garden, fruit trees, chicken 1
house, barn, etc.; price J1S00; terms $200
ca£h, balance $18 monthly. Open Sundays,
O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln station. South
Berkeley. - .'* ¦
WHY pay rent when you can buy a 5-room
cottage, bath, pantry, city water, stationary
tubs, brick foundation; lot 60x110; 2 blocks
to station and electric cars;, price $1750;
terms $250 ca.«h balance $15 monthly. O. A.
RUDOLPH. Lorln station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
WHY pay rent when you can buy a brand
new up-to-date C-room 2-story house, with
large lot. street work done and concrete
walks in front and around house; only three
blocks to Key route train; 25 minutes to S.
F. ; price $3500: terms $250 cash, balance $25
per month. This house will rent for more
than enough* to make monthly payments.
Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lortn,
station. South Berkeley.
FOUR BIO BARGAINS.
$1500 — Good 6-room house, plaatered; toilet,
bath, fine windmill; large lot; berries and
vegetables; street work complete; 1 block
from cars.
$2250 — Large 9-room house, 2 stories and base-
ment; upper floor rents for $14 per month;
street work complete; on main street; lot
25x100; 1 block from Key route and 8. P.
station; etreet cars pass the door; grand
pay In k Investment; house insured for
$1500.
$1100 — I have a flne lot for sale at the Ehat-
tuck-ave. entrance to Idora Pork; flna
cliance to cater to the baseball and plcnlo
crowds; 110 other lots for sale in vicinity.
$2750 — Beautiful new 6-room cottage;, high
basement; gas and electricity; lot 60x185;
Btreet work complete; handy to Key route;
flne location; $500 cash, $25 per month
buys this.
C C. EMSLIE. Ashby station: phone Stuart 709.
OPEN SUNDAYS FROM 12 TO 2. . , -u
J1M0 — NICE cottage of S rooms and bath,
brick foundation, tinted hall, street work
complete: easy terms. H. D. IRWIN, Lorln
station. Berkeley. Open Sundays.
$2250 — NEW up-to-date cottare; 8 rooms and
bath, hall, pantry, high basement, brick
foundation; close In; all street work done;
easy terms. H. D. IRWIN, Lorln station.
Berkeley. Open Sundays.
$2750— SEE this elegant new cottage; 6 flne
rooms, bath. hall, pantry, tiled sink, tinted
walls, combination fixtures, high basement;
lot 50x135; street work dorfo; above Ehat-
tue't: convenient to Ashley station. H. D.
IRWIN. Lorin station, Berkeley. Open Sun-
days.
FOR pale — New and nearly new houses from
$1800 to $20,000; lots from $250 to $7000: we
can sell you a desirable lot 3 blocks from I
Dwight-way station, size 40x130, for $700; 1
will build you a house to suit on a payment )
of $500 down, balance monthly; before buy- J
Ing. give ua a call and let us ahow you our
extensive list. F. H. LAWTON A CO., 2147
Center st.
$3000 — SEE at once; 6 large rooms, porcelain
bath, washroom, basement, gas, electricity,
mantel, marble tvoshntand, tiled sink, culti-
vated garden, fruit trees, shrubbery. 1685
Todd St., South Berkeley, one block north
from Adeline station, 2 blocks from Key
route station.
$2500— NICE cottages now constructing; 'five
rooms each; near station and cars; very easy
terms.
j FRANCIS FERRIER. Real Estate
I 2121~Bhattuck ave.. opp. BERKELEY station.
FOR sale — New and nearly new houses from
$1800 to $20,000; lots from $250 to $7000: we
can nell you a deEirable lot 3 blocks frori
Dwl_ht-way station, size 40x130, for ?70<>;
will build you a hou«e to suit on a payment
cf $500 down, balance monthly: beforo buy-
lrrg. give us a rail and let us shw you cur
extensive ll«t. F. H. LAWTON A CO.. 2147
Center St.
FOR SALE — A Bargain In Berkeley.
A flne. new 11- room house; modem Improve-
ments: 1 block from university and 2 blocks
from electric train; must be sold by August
1; buy from owner and save commission Ad-
dress O. N. KRUSCHKE 473 Twelfth st
Oakland, or call at 1032 Home st.. Berkeley.
$3750 — NEW 7-room house; flne view: lot 60x
125; all street work done; near station and
car line; good value.
$22C0 — New 5-room cottage; high basement;
street work done: near ntatlnn and car lines.
LITTLE A WOOLSEY;
2110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
$250 AND up. Lots, all sizes, close to station.
; $1250 — Cottajre; comfortable home: • near
Key Route. Other bargains. Call for our
list. Oren Sundays.
' MURDOCK A CO. (Lorln). South Berkeley.
, i. . 1. 1
MORAN A SWAIN,
Real Kstate and Insurance,
2131 Shattuck ave.,
Opp. Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY homes on easy terms; 30 minutes
to San Francisco: 20 minute service; values
sure to Increase. HEDEMARK A JACK CO.,
11 Montgomery.
i BE11KELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR RENT IN BERKELEY.
FOR RENT OR LEASE, that large flne place
on Claremont ave., occupied by the late
Caesar Young for the past five yean; 4 acres
of ground; large house of 8 rooms; large
atable etc.; over 1 acre In bearing fruit trees;
will sell or lease for $40 per month; short dis-
tance from Alcatraz and College ave. cars
Apply to JAS. S. NAISMITH, 534 Thirteenth
st.. Oakland. N /
WE have houses, flats and rooms for rent,
furnished and unfurnished; housea at prices
ranging from $15 to $100 per month.
An especially attractive modern home of
10 rooms: every convenience; sunny and
sightly situation; very choice location; ele-
gantly furnished; owner going abroad; to let
for a year at $75 per month.
A large, substantial, modern house of 18
rooms; near University ' and station; $60 •
LYMAN ALLEN. 2129 Center st.. Berkeley.
BIBICEUY PUBNISHEP HOUSES.
TO lease — 1500 Euclid ave., Berkeley, between
Cedar and Vino sts.: magnificent view; new!
house; alt modern improvements; newly fur- '
wished; 7 rooms, stable: rent reasonable to >
desirable party. Apply —MADISON 'A'
13UKKE. 30 Montgomery eU
*tap«|, k«T«tT * ««»-«--— -For lade.
ADAM» A BARRY,
REAL ESTATE BROKERS.
S7000 — 240 acrea. near Zayante Station.
Atvmt 30 acres In crchard and vineyard; house,
wiuerj'. cooperage and other outbulldlnga; pres-
«-r.t capacity of vineyard 15.000 gallons annual-
ly; abundance of pure, unfailing water. An
«»X'.«pt!onal opportunity for irountaln sanita-
rium and resort. Will well 80 acre Umber
(redwood, oak. etc.) at $20 per acre, or 1--0
acres Improved, at $C00O. Fine location and
view; 14 znilea from depot; (rood road.
117 PACTF»C AVEXUH.
SANTA CRUZ.
Jl 13- ACRE fruit ranch for sale cheap. Ad-
C.n*a L. R. B.. Haywarda.
A WEEK'S news for S c*nta — The Weekly Call.
16 pag*y. tn wrapper, for mailing. >1 per yeer.
SUBURBAN PBOPEETT.
IIiri^ss^ALXEY^^
DOSS STATION TO SAN ANSELMO. '
The Flr.eFt Suburban R^sid^nce Tract
V.'lThln IJ0 mir.utes Of .^an Kranrisco ever placed
n the market i:i 1 to .1 acre tractt. and prices
within reach of a'.'.; 3 mlt.utes from Koss eta-
t!"n. 1 minute from San Ansclmo; unsurpassed
views and beautiful bull£ln_- kno!l»; flne oek
tre«>s and renr.lnc water; only 12 plecea left;
party at fin Ansslmo station Saturday to s-o:v
i_:. * ilaifi and full information at
CHATFirLD & VIXZENT.
"ZS Mrvntctjmory et.. S. F.
SAN ICATEO SEAT. ESTATE.
CAN MATEO — - —- — — SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE DIS-
TRICT NEAR EAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fall
to tee us before buying. Investigate Ean 1
Mateo Park. The Ideal property of them a'.l.
Lota of about one acre each. Easy terms. !
Bound to be moet valuable. See our local ;
ag-nt. Frank S. Orummon. San Mateo orflce i
rpen Scndays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
ELMniRST RBAL ESTATE.
MOSS TRACT LOTS.
$250 EACH. $250 EACH.
ONLY ONE BLOCK FROM OAKLAND
AND HAYWARDS ELECTRIC CARS.
FOUR LOTS. 40xlS0 EACH. ON MOSS AVE.
TWO LOTS. 40x125 EACH. ON SARATOGA
ADDRESS ALEXANDER, SOX 1203. CALL
OFFICE. OAKLAND.
$3900— TWO acres; near Ean Leandro ear line;
a:i !n frclt: new cottage, well and windmill;
murt be sold; also 4 acres near same line
•rtt* 210 bearing fruit trees; all modem im-
provements; moet highly improved 4 acres
In A'arneiia County. F. F. PORTER 460
PgMb St.. Oakland.
$75 EACH— $5 down. $2 60 a month, without
Interest: fine lotn. clo»e to th« station; only
a fpw left. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Poet st.
MEXLO rAKK REAL ESTATE.
AT Mer.'.o Park— For sale on easy terms, «
10-roora house with all modern Improve-
ments; two blocks from station. Address
the owner at P. O. box D. Menlo Park. Cal.
rOUIT KICHMO.NO HKAL ESTATE.
4 CHOICE lots for eale cheap for cash. Ap-
r'r.SItfr nuth ft., room 4. third floor.
KKAL KSTATE TO EXCHAXGE.
URV-ACSE !u!!y equipped paying ranch; Santa
Cnts Co. ; 50 acre* vineyard. 15 orchard.
houws furr.ieh^d. barns, winery, beautiful
grounds, implements, blacksmith shop, llve-
rtocii. etc.; want bay town property; price
I1S.U00. 1170 Market st., room 108.
PROPERTY to exchange — On account of sick-
r:f-*fi « (II eell my beautiful profitable room-
ir.g-h-ju*e cheap or exchange for ranch or
citr r>r"i-»rty. Pox 2544. Call.
HEAL KSTATE \VA.\TED.
WANTEIj — A oottage or house In Richmond or
Western Addition. Box 3565. CalL
TWO or three lots in Richmond district. Ad- I
dre» S. K. SI.. 2200 Fillmore at.
I WANT to rent email ranch with running
water; give particulars. Box 2198. Call.
rROPERTV WAXTED.
A RANCH wanted: C to CO acres; must be rea-
¦oaablr: elate terms. Address box 1214, Call
office. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVEETIS'MENTS
ALAKEPA BEAT. ESTATE.
EOiTE EIO BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
GET ONE.
tl'00 buys B-rocm cottage; lot 60x150.
tlCCO buys C-room cottage; lot 85x100.
$2000 buys 6-roora cottage; lot 25x100.
J2C50 buys 5-room cottage; lot t>0xl50; new.
$2750 buya 6-room cottage; lot 40x150; snap.
$3000 buya an elegant 5-room cottage and re-
ception ha!l.
S3T50 buys 7-rc-om colonial home; flne location.
S375& buys elegant 6-room cottage; San At-
tonlo ave.
$42S0 buys new S-room house; all latest Im-
provements.
$4CO0 buys b-roora home; great bargain; must
be sold.
$5000 buys beautiful modern 8-rooni house;
csracj- lot.
OTHER BARGAINS TO SELECT FROM.
EASY TERMS— PRICES THE LOWEST.
ELEGANT LOCATION— CHARMINGLT SIT-
UATED.
HOMES BUILT. RENTED and EXCHANGED.
SPECIAL. SPECIAL. SPECIAL.
$O— To rent; a fine 12-room house, with ear-
pets; lot 76x1*7; finest corner In Alameda;
near Orasd and Morton sta. station.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1900 Park at.
Phcne >lfw-*» 430. ' T „ Alameda.
HERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVE.. NEAR STATION; BAR-
CAINS; LARGE LIST OF REALTY.
BUSINESS LOT ON PARK ST.. 60x100;
SACRIFICE.
TWO BARGAINS.
8-rccra cottare; lot 10x121; $1300.
fr-rosm cottar*; lot 23x189; $1300.
ETC* EALE ON EAST TERMS.
139 DOWN. BALANCE TO SUIT.
82 LOTS.
83:4x125 TO 33x170.
FART OF SO-CALLED FUGMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH.ST. STATION.
THIRTY MINUTES KROM SAN FRANCISCO.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN 7RANCIBCO
REAL ESTATR — A MODERN 7-ROOM
HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY.
APPLT TO A. n. DENKr,
i400 WEBSTER ST. ALAMEDA.
or
Ca!l on th«
ISLAND REAL ESTATE CO..
1304 Railroad are.. Bay station.
HALLT A CO..
21:3 Santa Clara sre. Open to-day.
$.'!750 bays a Cne modern two-story house. C
t rooraa." porcelain bath, ems, etc.: sunny
ride of street; lawn, trees, flowers and
l>erry Irjshe*. This Is a beautiful home
¦¦¦:¦¦'. Is selling for less than co«t of house
done; convenient to local atatlon aod
rtrect cars. Be-fore buying a home see
t!.'>. A genuine bargain.
fZZiO — An 8-ro<ra house; good location, gas,
etc. ; lot 30x130; half block Irom sUtlon.
D.-> you want to build? Select your lot
'rrrn our list. We have th«n In all parts of
town at the lowret firure.
HALLY & CO..
r~1* Rant* Clara ave. Open to-day, j
tSt»— "XH-HALP nrh, bolanc* $13 p<*r j
m..n:l. will buy a fine C-room nearly new 1
rc*1cVnr».
fl4W)— <S00 cash, balance $13 per month fjr
• modern coltare of S rooms.
Choice building lots In a!! parts of Alameda.
HAWKS A. MEHTtTKNS. \
Cor. Seventh *_. and llallrood ave.THE SXN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, TUNE 12, 1904.
44
| BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
A— $S00; PARTNER wanted In office of manu-
facturer's a rent; a first-class offer for Kood
man; $500 to be invested in .business; offlce
clears about $250 per month. Sae R. G.
WILKE. 20^ Kcarny si ¦
A— $700; BAKERY across the bay; established
years and doing a flrst-class paying store
trade: value in sight. All particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2CM Kearny at.
A— $C0O; YOUNG and active man wanted to
run grill room in one of the finest barrooms
in this city; no rect to pay; references wont-
ed. See R. G. WILKE. 20& Kearny st.
A— $1100; CORNER grocery and bar on choic-
est location of Devlsadero 8t.; must be sold
at once, on account of death in family; lease;
rent $37 50; a splendid and rare chance. See
«. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny St.
A — $2250; CORNER saloon en Montgomery st. ;
established many years; runt $85; lease; a
Hood-paying place and well advertised. Call
it. O. WILKE. 2CU Kearny st
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! RoadhoufeU Road-
houze! With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lea re: a flrat-class paying resort. Bee R. G.
WILKE. 20H Kearny at.
A — $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; a splendid
location In the Mission; place doing a buel-
n<?6 8 of about $16 per day. R. O. WILKE,
2uVi Kearny st.
A— $600; SALOCfc. vicinity Third ar.d Bran-
nan sts. : established yaars; rent $40. Call
R. G. WTLKC. 26% Kearny »t.
A— $1600; SALOON In wholesale district; vi-
cinity of Bansome St.; place established 20
years; doing a good business: rent $50. See
R. Q. WILKE. 2ft»a Kearny st
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of III health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 2Ctj Kearny Bt.
A— $450: BARBER shop; 3 choirs; best location
in the Mission ; rent $15. See R. G. WILKE,
2CV& Kearny st.
A— $3000 HOTEL In San Rafael; 21 rooms, bar.
parlor and dining-room; a well established
- place; good furniture and a bargain. Call
R. G. WILKE. SSJ-i Kearny Bt.
A— $700; RESTAURANT opposite Golden Gate
Park; rent $25; good business; clearing about
*15U per month. See R, G. WILKE, 2ott
Kearny st.
A— $25C0; SALOON: choicest location on Mor-
kst st.: low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
turrn and a flrst-clas« paying business. Coll
R. G. V/1LKE.26H Kearny st.
A— $_.0; BOTTLE b»er route; well established.
See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $2750; CORNER saloon on Market St., In-
cluding 7 rooms; rent $100; return rents $80;
leane; a flret-class location and well estab-
lished place. See R. G. WILKE. 2<J>,» Kear-
ny st.
A— $000: CHOPHOUSB and coffee saloon, opp.
cable houre; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. O. WILKE, 26 H
Keamy st.
I A — DRUGSTORE, drugstore, drugstore; price
j $4500: established 27 years; lease 5 years;
rent $60; one of the best paying stores In this
city; owner to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
20 Ms Kearnjr »t.
A — $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; SO
rooms, kitchen and dlning-rocm, 37 beds,
good furniture; lease; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
j A— $2500; DAIRY depot and route; dally sales
I f>0 cans; S horses, 4 wagon's, etc.; most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owner 15
years; a good paying Investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—^ $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and'
Stockton sts.; rent $160; lease; place estab-
lished years: flrst-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26>i Kearny st.
A— $350; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
ftor« with 4 rooms; rent $25; flne location;
Rood businese. See R. G. WILKE, 26ft
Kearny St.
A — $375 cigar stand, transfer corner; rent $26;
good paying place. R. G. Wllke. 26% Kearny
WE have a customer that wants a partner In
a factory to put in $2000 to $3000 cash; new
partner to handle cash and asstst in man-
agement. PACIFIC COAST TRUST CO., 703
Market »t.. rooms 604-5.
A PARTY wanted to finish developing good
gold prospect; most liberal terms to right
people; no middleman need apply. Box
35«7. Call offlce.
A— $150: PARTNER for well-established offlce
business: call early, avoid rush. BROOK-
BANK, 917 Market st.
j WOULD sell reasonable, established law prac-
tice and library In growing town near San
Francisco. Box 3600. Call.
; $425 BUYS grocery and liquor store; no com-
; petition: investigate immediately. Pacific
i Real Estate Co.. 1015 Market Bt.
BARGAIN — Candy and Icecream parlor; good
1 fixtures; 2 living rooms. 1326 Polk st.
A SPLENDID B. bakery and home cooking;
$25 per day cash trade; cosh or real estate.
2474 Mission st.
FOR sale — Dairy. 22 cows; 8 horses, wagons,
with flne private route. Box 856. Call.
. $85— NEAT branch bakery; home cooking. 21
! Valencia t^
HAIRDRESSERS — Call and see my place;
must sell; make offer. 1153 Market st.
FOR Bale — A bargain; a grocery store and sa-
loon, 4 miles out of town; doing a largo
buBlneE*; must be sold Immediately on ac-
count of sickness; stock carried about $3000.
For further particulars address C. P. AN-
DERSON. San Jose. Cal.
BARGAIN — $300: icecream, confectionery, ba-
kery and stationery store, good for young
couple: 2 nice living rooms; part of house-
hold goods; rent $12; nickness cause of snll-
inc: investigate. Address box 1211, Call
offlce. Oakland.
A $6000 MILLINERY business wanting lady
partner with $2000; experienced milliner to
take full charge: stock Invoice $4000; receipts
$16,000 yearly; country. KREDO & CO.. 76S
Market at.
$360 SECURES % Interest in flne paying com-
mission business clearing $150 monthly to
each; references exchanged; experience un-
necessary, but must be sober and reliable.
Particulars, 1007% Market St.. room 1. -
Al MILLINERY business In a thriving town.
60 miles from S. F. ; population 2000; good
stock and fixtures; will invoice at $1250; will .
sell for $000; sickness cause of sale. Inquire !
of R. L. TOPLITZ _ CO., 549 Market st. |
FOR sale — On account of illness of proprietor, ]
a complete dental parlor. In a first-class lo- j
cation and with a good business. Inquire i
room 21. Crocker building, H. E. MICHAEL, !
or 402 Third St.. Blake's drug store.
MONEY wanted— Wanted, party to Invest $6000
or $S000 In an established manufacturing
stock food business; money required to handle
Increase of business; good profits. For par-
ticulars, address box 2073. Call offlce.
i FOR SALE — Coffee, tea and spice route over
18 years' standing; selling on, account of re-
tiring from business. For 'particulars in-
quire at 119 Front st.. between 11 a. m.
and 1 p. m. -
BTODDARD*S celebrated specialty drug store
to be sold at a bargain on account of death
in family: flne living rooms for a doctor:
two side entrances; rent $65. . 108 Turk st.
FOR sale — General merchandise store at in-
voice. Bee WILLIAM CLUFF CO., whole- i
esle groceries, Son Francisco.
BAKERY in Oakland doing $70 cosh business
per day; $1600; part each and will take bal-
once out in trade. Address box 1210. Call j
office, Oakland.
WANTED to rent — Good country hotel or road- ;
house, with 2 to 4 acres of land. LOUIS :
MET-LKK. 763 Howard St.. San Francisco.
FOR sale — A restaurant in the Mission; trans- j
fer corner: place Is paying well. Address
box 687. Call office.
FOR eale — A completely furnished hotel in j
Petaluma; rent low; 25 rooms; will sell rea-
sonable. Address box 807, Call office.
$275 — CANDY and flne pastry store; 525 Tay-
lor; 3 nicely furnished rooms and' base-
ment; electricity; large stock; bargain.
"PICK UP I"— Notions and store; many years !
flne trade; called East; your price. Box 818 I
Call offlce. ' j
WANTED — To buy a grocery store across the 1
bay. Oakland. Berkeley or Alameda. Ad- >
drees box 877, Call offlce. j
DELICATESSEN and lunchroom; good trade '.
and fine location for meals; rent $20. Call
at 410 Ninth it. _^
$600— RESTAURANT; on Third St.; good busl-
ness; low rent; seating capacity, 70 persons.
Box 2131. Call offlce. -.
FOR sale — Delicatessen store; good paying
business; owner must leave city. 2957 24th.
100 LOTS free;. applicants sending stamp will
receive deed of lot, sice 25x100 feet; suburb'
N. - Y. Twentieth Century Realty Co.. 0
Wall St.. New York. - ¦ ¦
CALL route for sale: -a flne large Call rout*
In the city of Alameda. Box 2179. Call.
; SALOON and chop house for sale. Inquire at
2 ' 3 - 273 Fourth Bt. JOHN MUHEIRK.
j FOR eale — BaJiery; 224 and Fair Oaks. Ap-
ply 3449 22J; on account of death.
FOR *a.lc — Tb« Union Hotel; manufacturings
town. Benlcla. Cal. ¦>. ¦. ; ¦ ¦
BAKERY: all store trade; $36 dally; flrat-class
place; (2000. 721 Polk st.
G-nOUSES FOB »AX— .
A. CAMERON & CO.. ' - Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
C5 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now 53oO per month; every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
I ,
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
: clearing $500 to $600 per month: must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
' nUhed; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; cloee In;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
| per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition:
good lease.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance:
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain en account
of departure.
8 rooms; flne upper flat: rent only $30: can
*4BO by payln * * 150 down, balance time;
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; flne
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
flrst-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month: If run
transient can clear $300 to $360 per month;
here is best proposition In dty; price $3200.
7-room Cat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house: has flne
: bar; can be run in conjunction If desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out ot the house: other busi-
ness interests demand Immediate departure.
14 rooms; rent only $57: oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $9C0.
105 rooms; cheap rent: first-class up-to-dats
commercial house: clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished:
little apartment-house; reduced to $1500.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing flne business; will trad» for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85: oak fur.: .
pood carpets; housekeeping; all full: clearing
| i{?J? ver aU expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
180 rooms: grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent; flne lease; paying $500 to $600 p«r month;
cloee In; full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electrio elevator.
llBhts; long lease: clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the dty.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON _ CO., 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
408 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Roomlncr-houses and hotels for sale.
JUNE SNAP— 17 rooms; cost $2960 Z years
ago; swell corner north of Market: large
rooms, splendidly furnished; rent $75; full
of roomers; price $1700; half cash.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH CLASS and very beautifully furnished:
85 rooms; electric elevator; electric lights;
rent $451; lease for 9 years and 9 months:
building NEW AND MODERN; exclusively
with MARION GRIFFIN.
NE. CORNER house of 10 rooms, north of
Market; all rented: but 2 occupied by land-
lady; rent only ' $32; clears monthly $50;
price $400; half cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
ANOTHER CORNER of 32 rooms. 3 blocks of
Market; rent $100: lease; 3 floors; clears $91;
price $1400; will be worth $3000 before close
of St. Louis World's Fair.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SWELL, respectable bouse, most beautifully
furnished; extra flne hair mattresses: nsw
and modern building on sunny corner: 24
rooms; when you see it you'll buy It of
MARION GRIFFIN.
MILITARY PRECISION is noticeable in clean-
liness of this 34-room house; average month-
ly profit $212 50; ill health impels owner to
sacrifice; price put down to $2000.
MARION GRIFFIN.
I . —
HONEST, respectable 23-room house, full of
nice roomers, who take care of their own
rooms; corner house; extra sunny; price
$1500; part cash; rent $35.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HALF-PRICE; worth $1000; will take $500;
11 sunny rooms, nicely furnished In oak and
cherry; full of men roomers; north of Mar-
ket; rent $55; income $90.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDID 40-room house on Sutter st.. In the
best possible condition; full of the most de-
sirable people: profit $150 monthly: low rent;
low price; long lease. MARION GRIFFIN.
FINE CHANCE to get the best 100-room new
and modern house in this city: flne location; I
very flne furnishings; It Is thoroughly first
class. MARION GRIFFIN.
LODGING HOUSES.
$000 — 14 rooms finely furnished: low rent.
$2000 — 22 rooms, centrally located; reason-
able rent; a sure money-maker.
| $1800 — 24 rooms, located in .center of Oak-
i land: good furniture; low rent with lease.
! $3500 — Well located; nicely furnished; fine
' location; 35 rooms.
*$1250 — 14 rooms; always full; good paying
house.
S900 — 19 rooms; fair furniture: good busl-
1 ness.
$3500 — 40 rooms; very finely furnished; cen-
trally located.
$2500 — 26 rooms; good paying house; moder-
ate rent.
$3700 — 44 rooms; well furnished: long lease.
$1800 — 2S rooms; a fine transient house;
1 rof'ms well occuoled.
$1(300 — 24 rooms; In center of town; low
rent.
W. F. O'BANION,
458 Ninth at.,, Oakland.
Phone White 845.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING HOUSES.
C. E. HINKLEY. phone Mint 7B«.
• 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
Former patrons my best reference.
Call for our large list of bargains.
A KEW SAMPLES OF BARGAINS:
CORNER. 19 rooms. 2 blocks N. of Market.
on one floor; reasonable rent; money-maker;
for quick sale, reduced to $500. HINKLEY. j
O'FARRELL; 10 rooms; transient; lady must t
go East; will take $200 cash, balance pay- I
ments. HINKLEY.
22 ROOMS; fine furniture; clears $90; N. of
Market; only $1250; H cash. , HINKLEY.
102U Market st.
1S5 ROOMS; modern apartments; elegantly fur-
nirhed; clears $500; $3C00 cash, balance pay-
ments. HINKLEY, 1020 Market at.
THIRTY rooms,' nicely furnished, lease... $3500
26 rcom*. all men roomers, low rent.... 1000 •
115 rooms, low rent, country transient.. 6000'
31 rooms, rent only $55 1600
40 rooms, rent $70. ' transient 1500
81 rooms, rent $3 per room 8400
Monty to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$100O— LODGING-HOUSE: choice location;
near Market St.; 22 neatly furnished rooms;
must be sold quick; cause, sickness. Mer-
chants' Agency, 1008 Market st.
A NEATLY furnished lodging-house of 12
rooms: sun all day; low rent: permanent
loOcers; water free; $600. Particulars at
974A Howard St.
42 ROOMS: corner near R. R. depot; rooms
all full: clears $125 per month: rent $3 per
room: owner sick; must sell; $2350. 453. Call.
35-ROOM Market-st. house; busy corner; Al
transient; I will sell at low figure or ex-
change. Box 3486, Call ' offlce.
LODGING-HOUSE In Tonopah for sale; 20
rooms; all full: rents $1 to $1 25 per day.
Address box 599. Call offlce.
$.000— 15 NICELY furnished rooms, north Mar-
ket; always full: rent $00: clears $60; sacri-
ficed; terms. 1170 Market st., room 106.
FOR sale — Lodging-house; 23 rooms: good
business. 462 Twelfth st.. Oakland. Cal.; no
agents. . _
ELEGANT 18-room house; dears $100 monthly;
¦ also country hotel, cheap. 26 Montgomery
St.. room 8.
LODGING-HOUSE; good for boardtn?: 10 rooms
1 furnished ; near G. G. Park ; $450. 7CO Cth ave.
10- ROOMED house: rooms full; flne location;
Geary; near Larkln: price $600. Box 437. Call.
CHEAP — 11 rooms. '" furnished • house: family
trouble cause of sale. Inquire S59 Howard st.
HYDE. 421 — 15 rooms for rent. $57 B0; all fur
nished.
FOR sale— Lodging house; 231 Third St.; 20
rooms; owner sick; price $050; rent 9. 78. '
cnrncH services.
UNITARIAN Church (First), S.W. cor. GeajT
and Franklin eta. — Rev. Bradford Leayltt.
ir.ir.lru;r. Junior Church and Sunday tcnool
ere suspended durlcif vacation. Sunday ser-
vice is i.: 11 O'clock. There U do evening
Kirvfee. R«v. ICarl IVircur will preach.
UBric by qu.-rte: ur.cier direction of 11.
BicdMrt—. crsanttt. All are cordially in-
vile _
UNITARIAN Cl-.urch (Second), corner Twen-
tieth unit Capp ft». <TaUe Mlr-tlon or \ a-
icBda ft. car')-Thr Rev. Jay VfOUmm Hud-
evn. tr.lol«t«-r; re»l<ienct. :.<jO Carp St. l»e
Sun_r s;hool meets »t »:ir- o clock. At
the morr.lr.g frMce at 11 o'clock, the , Ke\.
.'»y \M:ii^ra Uudscn v.iil p:*&ch- SyWect.
"»nft_e-— — In EU&fto— ': This is the
last eervlce before the fc umrn*r vacation or
Cv« **•«„. Xm\o by cr_e»trs> and choir.
uulcr the«:!rccUon of Mr. Jabtsh Clement.
All cordially jnvl'.ed. No evening service.
4iKAC_ Mtthooitt Episcopal Church, ccr.
¦Arcnty-Crst and Carp sis.. Rev ; >. M.^ Lar-
Lin l'l- l> pastoi: residence 31CS Twenty
tir'fct »t.— fcervici*. 11 a. m. and 7:45 ». m.;
tiuniav School. 12:45 i>. ra. 11 a- m. eub-
-*. « -T^c Blunder in Living." • :45 p. m.
Iut)><-: "D«_:ing in f-utur«*." Special mu-
«.ic in 'the «venlr.r; chorus chcir under el-
ection r>; Robert Husband.
CKNTP.AL M. _. Church. Mission St., be-
tween fcixth and Seventh— The paetor. Rev.
C.tcrxe W. White, will pr*a,ch at both ser-
Mce* to-«ay. >»t 12:*5 tii- Sunday school
tv:;i cbserv* O.lldren's day with appropriate
*xerci:es. to which the public is cordially ln-
\i«ed. The Young People's ir.eetlngs are at
O:1C. Th* church is easy of access from a'.l
hotels. Strangers always welcomed warmly.
Mr.rr.irg strv.c*. 11; even'.Kg. 7:30. '
SiilFSON' MemcrlsJ Methodist Episcopal
l_crdi corner Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
Bev. John Steoher*. p— tor. wttl PT* ac " ,»J
31 a m. on '\raur* Account cf Hln-ijeir
i r._ st 7:45 r. m. en "Which Is the Firit
«.«m_«.nflm«n^?" Sundry School at I-:-"
t». m.: C. B. Perkir.e, superintendent. -P-
worth I<a«rue «» e:45 p. m. The public is
cordially lev.ted to all eervloes of in.*
church. .
nUDOTX Church. Bush and Gough sts.. Rev.
Frederick XV. nampett. D.D-. rector— Hc.y
Ccir.mur.: en. 7::X> a. ra.; funday school. 0:3'l
fc n:.: rr.orr.lnc service. 11 o'clock: evening
penice. 8 o'clock. Rev. James liu.me. as-
BUUfit Blalrter in charge will preach at
loth services. You are heartily invited.
1'IRST Congregational Church, corner Pest
snd Muon »U.— Rev. George C. Adams.
D.O.. pastor, will rreath at both »*^^ s -
At 11 a. m.. topic. -Perfect r At 7:« ».£.
tci>ic 'H«ve Ve Net Read?" All ar*
iitily Invited. ________—— -
THIRD Congresatioral. Fifteenth tl.. n « ar
tllseion— Rev. WiUlsm Radtr. paster. *1 a.
m. sacrament of the Lord's eupper: . :45
P m . last in series of sermone. fcubject.
•To Young People Beginning Life Together.
FIRfiT TTeibylertan Church. VM>Xw *ve
hnd Sacramento *t. — R*v. \\i!!lam Kirk
<;-jthrie. pastor. Services at 11 a^ m ana
7:45 p. m. The pastor will preach ** Ik>' a
•enlce.. Sabtatb-school, b:40 a. m Chris-
tian Endeavor. 5:80 p. m. and «:»0 p. xn.
Wear.eiday. fc r>. _., midweek service. All
are cordially invited. ____——— — .
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Ja^ k *
son sc3 Fillmore ete. — Rev. John Hemphlll,
D. P pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock,
bacrament of the Lords Su"*r. Evening
service at 7:45 o'clock. Sermon topic, "Cast-
ing Shadows." The p«»tor will preach at both
service*. Sabbat h-*chool at 9:3O a. m.. or-
chestral music Christian Endeavor meeting
at «:30 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday
evening at b o'clock. All are cordially in-
( rltcd. _^
TRINITT Presbyterian Church, corner Twen-
ty-third and Capp *ts.— Pastor. Rev. Ea-
rn ard K. Btror.jr. Services at 11 a. m. snd
7 -45 p m when the paMor will preach.
Morning subject. "The Fear of God the
Need or the Hour." Evening subject, "A
Woman's Power." Bible school at noon. En-
deavor Society at 6:45 p. m. Strangers wei-
corae to all servlcey.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, cor.
Webster and Page sts.— Rev. Herbert E.
Hays pastor. Sermon at 11 — m. ; topic:
"The Sabbath Day": evening at 7:45: topic:
"The Sin cf Unbelief": Sunday-school at
0:45: Christian Endeavor at 6:45; prayer
meeting Wednesday evening.
FIRST naotiJ* Church. 320 Eddy St.. Rev.
L V Ru»ell — Preaching. 11 a. m. Sermon
topic "Salvation." 12:30 p. m.. Bible
Srhocl. C:*0 p. m.. Christian Endeavor
meetings. 7:30 p. m.. e»rmo_ topic. "Help-
ing Chrtet." Prayer meeting Wednesday.
7:45 ?. m. All are cordially invited to the
abrne services. Seats free.
FIRST «"hurch cf Christ, Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutler et.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Chrirtlan Science service at 11 a. m.;
subject cf i««ecn-»ermon. "1* the Universe,
Including Man. Evolved by Atomic Force?"
Punday echool for children at the earae hour;
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock;
free reading-room. 20« Keamy St.. rooms
509-510: all ore welcome. - —
THE JVople'n Church will »rlve a farewell re-
ception to their Darter. Mrs. Anna I*. Gll-
lesrle. this evening, commencing at 7 p. tn.
Mrs J. J. Whitney, Mrs. Place. Mrs. Addie
E. Ballou and Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Howe
trUl assist in the exercises. Special musical
programme. " .
JERRY McAULEY Mission. 824 Howard St.—
Revival servlc** i>« follows: Rev. C. C.
Herrtott. evanrelist. will preach this even-
Ing. Mrs. E. G. Humphries, prison mis-
sionary for the California Prison Comitiie-
t-lon. will ccn'Juet the services Monday even-
ins;. Mr. Herriott. on Tuesday. Wednesday.
Thurwlay and Friday evtnings. All mrt
earnestly invited. "Christ reoelveth sinful
r_;n" — and also sinful women.
A MAES meeting for men will be held this
afternoon at 3 o'clock in the Young Men's
Christian Association, corner Mason and
' I!!li« st*. Rev. L. P. Rurstll of Lawrence.
Kans who ha* been fur several weeks sup-
plying the pulpit bf the First Baptist Church
of this dty will VJellver the address. Mr.
Ru*»»ll ic a graduate of Chicago University
and is a moet inspiring epeofcrr. Beside* the,
utual mu«ic Mrs. Lambrrt D. Whltehurst will
eint. All men are Invited.
THE Theosophlcal Society — Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott, president-founder. Headquarters,
Academy of Science* building. Public lec-
ture S p. in. in main boll by Dr. Mary C.
Plumb. Subject. "Why Occult Students
Fhould B« Vegetarians."
MEETINGS SfXDAY.
ALL skeptics invited to witness Mme. Young's
tplrit message! to-night. 10c. G19 McAllister
st. AH private readings now st 760 Central
a»"e.. 7tfc-st. fta.. Alameda (narrow gauge).
THE Perkins spiritual meetings, Scottish Hall.
117 Larkln. Ir.rplraticr.nl speaking and
tests. Don't tni6H thir. evening.
MRS. RTODDARD'S test twances. 10c; spirit
friends return to mortaU; Sun.. Tues. 278 0th.
W. G. KEEGAN holds t»-t seances ev. night
except Sat.;- 10c; sit. 10 to S. 148 Sixth et.
MRS. HARLAND'S evening clrrlee; best tests
to-night. 10c". 148 Cth st.: readings. DOc, $1.
MME. LUCRETIA. medium; circles every aft-
ernoon and evening, 2 to 8, 10c 148 6th., r.l.
C." WILBUR DEAN'S materializing seance
Thuredar ove.. 8 o'clock. 328 Ellis «t.; 60c
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S23 McAllister St.— Mrs.C.
J. Meyrr; s!t. daily; tests to all every ev., 10c
TESTS— 609 Merket: 2-8. Mr. Wilson; 8, Dr.
Cowan. Mr. Hargrave. Herbert; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, medium, messages to-
Tiinrht. 22S Sutter st.. Elks' Hall.
AT Master Adepts. 1(127^ Market St., test
circles every night, 10c.
MEETINGS THEOSOPIIICAL.
GOLDEN GATE Theosophlcal Society. 5 Odd
Fellows' bl<Jg.. 8 p. m.; subject "Origin of
L'.fe." by Arthur W. Best; free discussion.
SCHDAY* UBCTUBJSg!
O. N. ORLOW Jertures this (Sunday) evening
tn Goldw) Gate U_l (upper). C29 fiutter St., "
et 8 o'clock. Topic. "The Religion and '
Cvstem of Thibet." from personal observations
Instrumental or.d vocal soles. Adm. free.
CARMEN'S Hall. 310 O'Farrell «.— Socialism-
to-nlKfct. 8. "The Coming Revolution." J
KAUFMAN. Chicago; free.
TURK-st. Temple. Thursday 8 p. nj. — Social-
ist lecture ty A. C. HAfcKIN, secretary of
Woodworkers' Union; free. ** -
— mi:eti.\g .\oticks^
HJB-RNIAN8— The annual Fourth - _*_
of July celebration of the A. O. H. vyV/
»a A. will be held at Schurtzen Park. V'.'I
Han Rafael, July 4, lfeO4; $760 In ffCV^i,*
• lulzes, games, jumping, running, "~\_
weight throwing. Athletic events open to
all. Gold and rilver medals for amateurs.
C&tih fete prizes. Amusements for young
r-.rC eld 7ri»h Ht and reel dancing. Tick-
et* round trip, including admission to park,
adults noc. children Sic.
Omcnns and members of Oricstil Rebekah
Lodce No. VO— You are hereby requested to
nwnb!f nt Mt-morlsl Hall. I. O. O. F.
bsOAiac TO-DAY at 1:30 p. r.i. sharp. Juno
12. to attend the funeral of our late r'.rtcr,
j»NNIE HBWIN. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. By order of
LOVETT PIETZ. Noble Grand Pro. Tern.
THE California Debris Commission having
r*w!v<>a eppltcatira to tnlne by hydraulic
l>io~eM from Ooorc* „. Waggoner snd David
tJptot; In T*)e#rrepb mine, nt Indian Dlg-
rM.p*. El Dorado County. Csl.. draining Into
Indian Digging* Creek, which reaches Co-
su__ es River, gives notice that raeeticg will
b* beld^at room «C. Flood building. Baa
Fi~ci&oo, Cal., June SO, 1904, at 1:39 p. nk
I nPSINESS CHANCE!* — Cowtlntiert.
A— CAMERON _ CO. -Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., corner Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
I _____^ .
! FOR sale— Well-furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; flne chance for
summer outing-; also for winter shooting and
fishlns; all modern conveniences; new, one
year; price $2200 complete. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy at. _
; FOR tale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
I goods business; cheap rent; CH years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners in city; do-
ing flne business; other interests cause eale;
| price $5000. See CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
I — __
.FOR eale or trade — Quartz mine; flne prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month: price $500;
rauKt sell on account of other business. CAM-
! ERON _ CO., 3 Eddy St.
. FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAMr
ERON _ CO., 3 Eddy st.
PACIFIC Real Estate Co.. 1015 Market st.
$500; country hotel and bar; investigate.
$225; lodRlng-house, near Market st.
$85; cigar store, at corner saloon.
$1200; elegantly furnished flat; Van Ness ave.
J150; branch bakery and variety; act quickly.
$<500; restaurant, clearing $50 a week.
$900; saloon, on busy street; near Market.
$150— CIGAR stand; good location; laundry
pays over expenses; must be sold inside of a !
week. Merchants' AgeiW»y, 100S Market £*
THE Finance and Securities Co. Is the invest-
ment clearing-house of San Francisco. In-
veetment propositions are carefully Investi-
gated and only tha strictly legitimate are ac-
cepted. We are now reorganizing a 6tarch
company and a mercantile business. Both
are being operated profitably at the present
time, but desire to Increase facilities and
earning power. The starch company needs
$25,000 and offers preferred stock, guaran-
teed 8 per cent. The mercantile business
needs $35,000 to $50,000. In both cases the
Investor will be amply secured and Investors
capable of filling potions will be provided
for. Call 1 t o 5 p m or address FINAN-
CIAL SECURITIES CO. 29 Columbian build-
ing. 916 Market st. References — Commercial
Bank and Trust Co. Security Bank and ,
Trust Co.. RIalto Refining and Oil Co.. the
Real Estate Security Co. the Rlghtway Shoe
Co.. California Auto Express Co.. Germanla
Realty and Loan Co.
FOR SALE — $1600; bakery, restaurant and
rooming-house in the growing town of Dlxon;
good store trade (no wagon): only bakery
and restaurant in town; sale includes fur-
niture, fixtures, etc.; has 11 steady room-
ers; 14-year lease; rent $35; a good paying
business; must be cold; owner retiring. -
$2500 — A good paying livery business./ In-
cluding flne buildings and 4 lots In the (en-
ter of the town of Dlxon. together with 6
buggies, 6 horses, one carriage, harness etc.;
a well equipped livery, which must be sold;
a bargain.
• $1000— Millinery store, building and lot.
In best business block in Dixon; stock for
eale Also at a bargain; a good business; this
is a snap.
Inquire of B. F. NEWBT, Real Estate.
Dlxon. Cal.
A SALOON ami cafe In Watsonville, the best
town on the Pacific Coast, and the best pay-
ing business in Wateonvllle. This place is
elegantly fitted up with all the modern con-
veniences, has a lease for 8 years, cheap
rent, best location In town; this 1» a chance
of a lifetime; don't wait, as It will not be
on the market very long. Call, write or
phone GRAHAM & SMITH, real estate and
insurance agents. Watsonville, Santa Cruz
County, Cal.
SPLENDID BUSINESS OPENING.
CHANCE TO BE YOUR OWN BOS3.
LEARN THE REAL ESTATE BUSINESS.
Start In tor yourself; only $27 capital re-
quired. We teach you the business, appoint
you our special representative, furnish large
list of salable property, co-operate with and as-
sist you to earn from $3000 to $5000 annually.
Write for particulars. HARRY W. CROSS _
CO., 204 Tacoma bldg., Chicago.
Brokers and promoters who arc able to control
or Influence placing of orders for manufacture
of bonds _ Mock certificates can form a
profitable and pleasant connection with large
Eastern house engaged in manufacture of
these and other Klmilar forms & doing large
business in bank note engraving and lith-
ography, address box 2551. Coll office.
THE BEST OPPORTUNITY IN EXISTENCE
. for the Investment of small and large sums
of Idle money where it will produce a large
and steady monthly revenue without risk of i
loss; principal back on demand. For full •
particulars, address W. H. LATIMER, 413
Walnut et., Philadelphia, Pa.
MANUFACTURING house in Los Angeles
wants thoroughly competent man to manage
Kan Francisco bram-h: salary $100; Invest-
ment of $30u0 required. Address F. H.
CLEMENCE. 1939 East First St., Lcs An-
geles, Cal.
$9.10 CASH; Investigate; big money making
business; want a man to take active or silent
Interest office business; large daily profltF; :
immense possibilities with additional capital; ,
best ofTer on coapt. Call room 84, Donohoe |
building. 1170 Market ttreet, S. F.
HOTEL for sale In a good business town In
Ban Joaquin Valley: building contains 52
rooms, office, bar, billiard and card rooms; ;
house and furniture in first-class condition;
wUI sell reasonable and on easy terms or for
cash. Box 822. Call office.
$1000 AND services of energetic party desired
to enlarge staple mfe. business; goods man-
ufactured fcr less than freight on inferior
Eastern product; buyer must be satisfied with
$150 month; bank refs. 1170 Market, r. 106.
FOR sale— Business college In short distance
from San Francisco; pood cpenlng for young '
man; price $10». If Interested address A. M.
CHADWICK. 300 Georgia Bt.. Vallejo, Cal.,
for further particulars. *
MAN or woman to Join corporation; salary
$100 per month; ground floor; own our own I
property: must Invest $3000; have big con- !
tracts; big money In business. Box 2538,'
Call office. . !
j A CORPORATION wishes to get a man to act !
; as treasurer with $6000; one-third interest: !
i own our own property; big money-maker: i
salary $125 per month; get in on ground I
floor. Box 813, Call. I
j WANTED— A partner with about $400 In a '
, buslneRS that will pay big every m<rnth, -In '
I raising an article that Is in demand in al- !
mort every restaurant Particulars, box i
2528. Call office. j
STOCK or bond issue of reputable corporation
mining or Industrial, wanted; have every (
facility for selling same on commission; give
1 particulars. P. O. box 1163. New York City. |
A NICELY located restaurant for sale, situ- I
ated among large lodging houses. I am com- I
pelted to leave the State or would not think j
of selling. Box 754, Call office. j
I AM anxious to get Into the grocery business
In San Francisco. If you have one for sale i
pleaso addrefs with full particulars, price, !
etc., box 811, Call office. :
| .
j FOR sale — A flrst-class bakery, with flrst-
! store and wacon trade; in flrnt-clasj loca-
tion; at a sacrifice. Box 1081, Call office.
j WE start you In mall order buslne**: particu-
lars and samples free. American Special
Agency. Milwaukee, Wl*.
; RESORT with fruit ranch and vineyard for
rent, or on shares; married couple preferred, i
Box 3. Gibbs. Cal.
) A— $200; PARTNER wanted in light business.
Particulars of PIDGE, 47 Geary St.
i A— PARTNER wanted In milk business. Ad-
dress box 851. Call office.
BARBERS— $160 buys shoo clearing $25 a
| _week^_3147_ Twenty-fourth Et.
I FOR sale — A restaurant In Napa, doing a flne J
business. Box 25G3, Call office. i
I FOR sale — Grocery and bar in Hayes Valley.
; Bor particulars, box 838, Call offlce.
; WANTED— To buy a city saloon license; state
price. Address box . 820. .
DENTIST with references can secure furnished
• . offices with physician.. Rm. 318, 027 Market.
CARPENTER shoo, flne location, and -trade;
offer wanted. 1M'2V4 Bush st.
FINE newspaper 'route for sale. Inquire at
this offlce.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has bean
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.'
Open until 11 p. m. >. - ¦ ¦
____^^comeotiom orriO-S.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10;. tel. Main 6580. .
C-OTHrBro n_KOVATHffO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed.' $1; .scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
> CTT—Ba BUPTUltK.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder, $10; no
discomfort. 1200 Market st.; send for circular.
| MEETING NOTICES — Continued.
OFFICERS and members of Ivy Chap- tg#
t^r Xo. "7. Order of Eastern Star, are 4#i£_
requested to attend the funeral of our y
late Elstcr. ANNA THOMPSON, at
the rarlors of the Golden Gate Undertaking
; Co.. 2t73 Mission st., at 2 o'clock p. m. By
I order of the Worthy Matron.
{ MARY L. REDDICK.
MORSE Lodge No. 237. L O. O.
I s *- — Officers and member* nre.-vj3l3g>fi>&
hrreby notified to attend the-JgftfSB'-fV
funeral of Brother THOMAS
JOHN THOMAS P. C., on Monday. June 13,
at 2 p. m.. from the Golden Gate Undertak-
ing Parlors. 24S3 Mission st.
E. F. SCOTT. N. G.
C. BRIND. Rec. Eec.
MEMBERS of Mission Rtbekah ¦^•^Sajyo,.
Ixxlge, Xo. „?, are rocj'.:ejteii to -?G!Ji!*B&2jL
aFwmble at th» Golden Gate Un- 'JJIS-SIBsSy
dcrtaklnir Chapel, 24S3 Mission t*tttj*"
St.. en SUNDAY AFTERNOON, June 12. at
2 o'cloci:. to attend the funeral of our late
elEter. ANNIE THOMSON.
Lt'LU PERRY. Ncble Grand Pro Tern.
• EMMA IRELAND. Recording Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodce No. 222. I. O. .*•£__&.
O. F- — Initiation MONDAY jflBJgBWqft
EVENING, Jur.e 13. -^JSSfcvS?
N. F. MACPHREV N. G. ~WvW»
H. A. BAILY. R. S.
"DINNA YE* HEAR THE SLO- v «7 >..
CAN?"— Shell Mound Park MON-4»W
DAY. July 4. Twenty-third grand TKs!fcfi^
annual gathering and gamti of the ~"-\T*
San Francisco Scotch Thistle Club- The
trreatert and crardest event of the ssason.
Monster programme of attractions. Don t
fall to attend. Grand ball &nd fireworks at
GSO. W. PATERSON, Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
MODERN Woodmen of America, «*oodfellow-
KhU> Cans 9633. M. W. of A., meets every
MONDAY NIGHT at Fraternity Hall, C03
Market it.. Ban Francisco.
W. H. EDWARDS. V. C.
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk. Office room <J-7.
Emma Spreckels building.
A WEEK'S} urn for B cents — The^Weexly Call,
I 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
DO you want work? Ladles or gentlemen; r.o
i canvassing or soliciting; no time lrom regu-
! lar occupation; no one need know you ure
! icy representative: no money, outfit or «x-
perierce needed; easy, permanent, honorable.
profitable work can b« done home; for !n-
fornrat'.on. address J. W. KIDD, 0025 Baltes
block. Fort Wayne. Ind.
WANTED — Agents for perpetual pencils; "al-
ways sharp"; never need sharpening: guar-
anteed a year; sells to everybody everywhere,
rapidiy; particulars on application, or Bam-
ple». etc.. for 25c. American Lead Pencil
Company, 45 West Fourth St., New York.
$150~VROFITfor $3 50. Agents and dealers
wanted everywhere for new style fortune,
1 chewing gum and love letter writing ma-
j chine: send stamp for particulars. SHER-
; BORN'E. 29 South Third et.. Philadelphia.
AGENTS wanted everywhere to handle "Nov-
elty Siun Cards"; every merchant buys from ;
10 to 100 on sight. 800 varieties; catalog, free.
Sullivan Co., J139 Maple wood ave., Chicago.
' AGENTS — An sfrency for a proposition that 1«
1 a decided improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Oreat Western Improve-
j rr.ent Company. Parrott building.
CANVASSERS wanted In every town to fell
corsets and skirts for Crescent Corset Co.,
successors Freud's Corset House, 113 Geary.
AGENTS wanted; can make $4 to $6 per day.
Call at 12 or after 6 p. m.. 605 Mason st.;
small security required.
ATTOn XEYS-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
See tne nvA save money; no pay in advance.
P. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
F-'tablivhed 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 _ 5, 1st. fl.,
1122 Market *t.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
j B. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg."
6th floor: entrance room 611; established 15
years; all casec, general court and office prac- I
tlce; no fee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st.. 15 '
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands o( I
soldiers, sailors, widows and orphans on Pa- I
clflc Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
AA— DIVORCE — Costs $12: quick; quiet; advice
free: no charge unless successful.
759 Market st.. room 4., bet. 3d and 4th.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet: advice
free; all law business; no charge unless suc-
cessful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or '
costs In advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market St., r. 33.
. DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity: advice
| free; costs $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 2199. S.F.
} L. S. CLARK. 927 Market st; consultation
; free; no fees in advance; open evenings. .
j AT7TQMOBI___. .
AUTOMOBILES— Livery, garage and sales-
room*; automobiles of every description
bought ' and sold; will buy or sell second-
hand machines. &»e us before you do any-
thing with your machine. Phone Eouth 702.
| Pacific States Automobile Co.. 217 Ellis st.
I WANTED — To buy an automobile In flrst-class t
condition: mu«t be reasonable; gasoline pre-
j f erred. Box 755, Call office.
FOR *ale cheap— A white Stanhope automobile
I In first-class running order. Box 864, Call.
$225— STEAM automobile. EAMES, 201S
Market st.. fean Francisco.
LIGHT runabouts and tonneau autns at a very
low figure: a map. Box-834, Coll.
, SNAP— 'Mobile" runabout; flne condition; $200.
Call 675 Thirty-sixth St.. Oakland.
. OLDSMOBILE for sale: $350; In first-class
| running order. P.ox 5F9. Call office.
I ASTHMA 3___D Y .
I A. Dl Ncla's Acthroa Remedy relieves Instant-
lr: 1(*. 23c. 50c 1602 Market. Bt. Nicholas.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
, WANTED — By an experienced woman, an In-
fant to board. Inquire 212 Seventh st.
] GOOD home and training for small children;
reasonable. 202S Buena- Vista ave., Alameda.
GERMAN lady will board a child 3 years old;
a rood home. Address 316 Prospect ave.
COUPLE would like to board child; good care;
reasonable. 1941 Mission st.
FRENCH boariing for children. MRS.
GUNTZ. 6C3 Pine st.
: COTTAGES TO LET. "
! A SUNNY cottage; rent reasonable. 1C20
Ninth ave.. Sunset District.
: $17 — 5-ROOM cottage on Ccttage row, near
Webrter. bet. Sutter and Bush. Inquire 7.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED — Email furnished modern cottage of
4 rooms, with garden: not over ! half -hour
from city. F. BORNHOLZ, 1432 Geary st.
-———-—— _______
', $76oft— Delicatessen." crocery,^7ra>r^nT-
tion store; everything nearly new; cheap
rant: lease; must be sold; bargain. BERG
ARMSTRONG _ CO.. 318 Kcaray St.
A NEAT up-to-date grocery and bar: thickly
residence district; fine business; 4 furnished
living room*; must be seen to be appreciated.
BERG. ARMSTRONG _ CO.. 318 Kearny.
MORTGAGE of $(172 on rare furniture; Insured
fcr $1000; Interest 2 per cent, per mo.; want
to sell mtg. Berg-Armstrong Co.. 318 Kearny.
I FINE business property; prosperous mining, '
| farming, lumber town; 2-story building; 6
furnished rooms; store and stock;' snap for
little money; paying 5 per cent per tno.
BERG. ARMSTRONG _ CO.. 318 Kearny st.
ELEGANT saloon; wholesale district; promi-
nent traffic street; rent with lease only $100;
tut. lets for $50; flne fixtures and stock.
BERG. ARMSTRONG _ CO.. 318 Kearny st.
$300—60 ROOMS; 40 rooms furnished; rent $30.
Exclusively Berg. Armstrong Co., CIS Kearny.
$300 — 30 ROOMS; 40 rooms furnished; rent $30
Exclusively Berg-Armstrong Co.. 318 Kearny!
$.%500 — SALOON, near Market; doing flne busi-
ness; r*ascn for selling; reasonable rent, long
lease, right party. Uerg-Armstrong,318 Keamy.
$1600 WILL buy & good roadhouse ' business
between Oakland and San Leandro, Includ-
. ing barroom, dining-room. 2 parlors. 4 bed-
j rooms, all completely and elegantly, furnish-
ed; a lot of chickens, doves and rabbits in-
cluded; electric lights, garden, fountain,
stable, etc. Address A. KAYSER, DU
Bioadway. Oakland, Cal.
: DOCTOR, well versed In surgery, to take of-
fice and practice (permanently) of surgeon
going E&st; must have $&OO cash and apply
at once. Box 3239. Call office.
A GOOD paying bakery, well stocked good 1
store trade, must be sold. HANK6 &
MEHRTEN'S. cor. Seventh st. and Railroad
ave.t Alameda. . . . j
! ¦ I
j FOR sale — Dellcatemcn, dining-room; 3 living
I rooms; going away. 407 M Van Ness sve.
• SPLENDID chance to buy a well-located, lonr-
1 established business. 203 Fourth at.
SPIRITUALISM. j
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. J
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and lire \
reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House. ;
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance /t°-<— •*•
I 1 o'clock, $1; Thursday, '50c. 1034 Bush st.
i MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materialisms se-
ance Sunday eve. S2S Ellis «.: 50c^
PRO"\ FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy St.; phone Scott 8S7.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ' .
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $1.
His famous $3 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 91
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If j
hu.vband. wife or lover Is true or false; who and
when you wUI marry: how to gain the lova ot
the on* you desire: "in fact." I will tell you
evory hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice Is reliable; his
powers are wenderful and indisputable: he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest pocsible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice on
mining and burled treasures; gives you success
In life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
10 i, in. to 8 p. m. — Cloeed Sunday.
826 O'Farrell St.— 326.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATIONS of. the NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
For a reliable and intelligent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE. 428 Eddy st.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROFESSOR
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
He la as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he Is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
Would It not be a relief to know how you
will succeed, to be relieved of the matters that
are. troubling you and of the schemes of your
enemies, that you may meet with better success?
A test reading Is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full Ufa reading for $1. A test
is of little value; when the mind is troubled
yon need more substantial aid and advice.
Permanently located 428 Eddy st. ; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed: readings by mail. TeL Black 4569.
ATTENTION— MISS M. WILLE. 830 Ellis st..
the well-known medium, crystal seer, may
be consulted In all affairs of life; every hid-
den mystery revealed; she will Bhow you
how to overcome your enemies and unite the
separated; tell your entire life. past, present
and future: If you are unhappy, love or
family affairs, business transactions, no mat-
ter what trouble you may have consult* this
wonderful medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; satisfaction or no charge;
readings $1; hours, 10-8 p. m.; Sundays,
10-2 p. m. •'¦"'•- '
MRS. GENTRY, famous divine healer, clair-
voyant, palmist, business medium; fortunes
told correctly; dreams Interpreted; flow of
blood stopped Instantly: cures fits, rheuma-
tism. St. Vltus dance, dropsy and almost any
aliments end afflictions; will gtve names of
people she has cured in the Mission; consul-
tation free: consult this endowed woman and
be made well and happy: treatments and
readlncs by mail; at home every day and
evenlne. 2725 Mission «t.. between 23d and
21th, S. F.. Cal. Phone Church 762.
FOR a genuine life reading visit the Romany
Gypsies, the original snd best fortune tellers
In the world; palmists, clairvoyants, card
readers mediums; two camps. 143 Powell
st. and 285 Geary st.
MME-PORTER.celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells post, present and future; 1.
60c. g. by cards $1: palmistry and clairvoyant
sit.. $1 50. 290 O'Farrell st.. near Mason.
A— Miss M. WHIe. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, clairvoyant, business me-
dium- advice bn mining A Invest.: devel.dr.
Thurs.. 8. 920 O'Farrell; tel. Hyde 1767.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmist. clalrvoyant.card
reader:when others fail try meigood readings
25c. 721 Franklin.nr.G.O.ave.Tel.Larkln4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given ;25c up. 835 Howard. bet-4th45th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c;
gents 60c. 951 Mission St.. nr. 6th: open Sun.
MME. ODELL returned: clairvoyant, card read- •
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
28% Kearny. rm. 20; ladles 25c. gents 60c
MME. HERNANDEZ, wonderful palmist and
card reader. 421 Hyde st.
, MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.: .
1 names; L. 60c; G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave. ;
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts: readings dally. 917 Market st.
MRS. BROWN clairvoyant, card reader. 23% .
Sixth St.; ladles 25c: gents 60c
ISMAR, the celebrated Egyptian seeress. will ;
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
tell'er. Is now at' 317 Ellis st. ,
JTRS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader sit-
tings, dally. 4 ts% Jessie st.. bet. 6th and 6th.
CARfET HEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal: carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air st shop: prices ',
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. SOS Market Bt. ; phones Main 152 and
Bash 479. [
WHEN you become disgusted with your work ;
send for SPAULDING'8 Pioneer Carpet-beat- :
Ing Works. 356-357 Tehama st- Tel. South 40. •
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
! WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gale av». Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresscs made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216. .
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutier st.; |
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM _ CO.. Props. !
RUDOLPH * CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
! reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
j DENTISTS.
a"nEW plate — The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c: ,.
plates $5; full set; all work painless and *
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surKeon-dentist.r.ll.lst
floor. Phelan bid.. 800 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush — .
Set teeth. $1 60 up: crowns, $2 up: fllltngs.25c
FREE examination with chart at the New
York Dentists. 969 Mission st.. SE. cor. 6th. I
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 33c: crowns. $2; no .
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
CHEAPEST and best In America. — The Weekly
i'p.1' it: paxes, sent to any address tn the
I'nlted States or Canada on* year /or $1.
: * ¦— — > |
D RE S S MAKE R SAN D SE-VV^VRESSES
SUCCESS! SUCCESS! SUCCESS!
McDOWELL'S. oldest and most successful
school, always in the lead because we give '
the best system of drese-cuttlng; thorough
Instruction tn every de't. and good-paying po-
sition; only millinery business course; pat-
terns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Market.
ACADEMY dress-cutting and millinery 423
Sutter st.; only school where making of I
gowns and hats Is taught systematically call '
and investigate; patterns cut to measure.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking _ Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion.' sunburst and knlfe-plaitlng. Stew-
art's button _ buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
MRS. M. G. ALLEN'S dressmaking parlors
removed to 904 Eddy st. »~riors
EDUCATIONAL"
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLKGE. 24 POST S
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing!
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night seselons; Illustrated catalogue freo.
A — CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 143S Max-
ket. guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; IS mo.
I EDCCATIOXAL— Contlnsied.
I AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
\ lighted and most delightful place of business
¦ study In the entire West. New. complete,
extensive departments. Thorough. Inspiring
instruct:c.n. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BL SINilSS COLLEGE. 801-
923 Golden Gate avc.
CALIFORNIA School of Optics, 1312 Market
st., room 521 — This Is tho only Institution tn
California tliat gives a complete course tn
optics anJ gives tha degree doctor of optics,
and also enabling the student to pass State
Board of Examiners in optometry.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June I wa
moved to new fireproof building. 733 Mission
St.. between Third and Fourth: more SDace:
finer rooms: better light: finest In the West;
come and aee. 3. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools: special summer course. 414 Mason.
AYRES the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket «t. ; established IS years: special discount
during month of June: catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty.24 Post
I St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING — Adults. Mon. and Frt. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 3; priv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
BOOKKEEPING. English, num., etc.. day cr
eve. individual lnstr. Rm. 2. 303 Larktn. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly of Pac Bus. CoL
A PROFESSOR of Spanish and French lan-
guages will give lessons at home or In fam»
lly; write. LAURENT CASO3. 507 Pine st.
EASTERN piano teacher desires adult popils;
makes specialty of fitting young plaBO
teachers. Box 2170. Call office.
SPANISH — The easiest, shortest and most at-
tractlve method. PROF. MAYA. 427 Sutter.
KENT Law School; day and night: send for
particulars. 5J6 Parrott bid*.. Emporium.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand, etc., $4
mo. Western Business College. 1107 Market.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per nux;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght at.
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell ¦_: tel. Main 3732.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY _ CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— F_MAL_
A NEAT capable second girl wants a pUc« la
country at $25 a month: has best of city
refertJices: office -hours, 8:30 a. m. to 8:30
p. m. Call at MISS PLUN__TT*S. __ 6vt-
ter »t., near Powell.
LADIES — We have at the present tlm« a lim-
ited number of first-class cooks and second
girls with best of references waiting for
situations. See J. F. CROSETT _ CO., S34
Sutter st.
A THOROUGHLY competent woman wan-
housework by the day In first-class family
where high-class work is appreciated: no>
washing; best references furnished. Address
box 1212. Call office. Oakland.
DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker, ladles'
tailor-made suits; few more engagements by
the day; suits ma'le at home: only flrst-clasa
work dore. MISd BARS4, Sherman Hou %
28 Eighth *t.
A GERMAN woman, good worker. wants
washing, ironing or housecleanlng by the
day; $1 50 and car fare. S. I.., 4 Elizabeth
place, o_ Folsom St., between Third ' and
Fourth.
GOOD, strong American woman wants work
by the day sweeping and cleaning: _ flne
flannel washer; satisfaction guaranteed. 94S'i
Mission at., bet. Fourth and Fifth, room 12.
AN accomplished young German lady desires
a position as companion or managing house-
keeper :n refined family or elderly lady or
gentleman. Address box U544. Call office.
A RKFINED young woman with two months'
vacation would like to go to the country
with a respectable family as companion, or
take care of a child. Box AB89, Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse wis.n«rs engagement.*,
surgical or confinements; reference; reason-
able: careful; prudent: economical. Call or
address MRS. MERR1TT. 127 Seventh st.
SITUATION WANTED BY EXPERIENCED
young lady stenographer: can do general cf-
flce work, and not afraid of work: good ref-
erencea. Address box 2140. Call office.
AN educated, refined young lady would like
position as traveling companion or house-
keeper to wealthy American; stenographer
or secretary. Box 2545. Call office.
A YOUNG woman wishes washing and hous*-
cleanlng by the day; wages $1 50 day. Apply
17% Welsh st., off Fourth, between Bryant
and Brannan.
YOUNG lady with exceptional ability as sten-
ographer, typewrtter and bookkeeper wishes
position; wages not less than $23 per month.
Box 2110. Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED German woman, with girl
10. wishes situation aa cook or working;
, housekeeper In vicinity of school: city or
country; wages $25. Box 2117. Call office.
A REFINED German lady, graduate Froebel
Kindergarten, wants a position as mother's
help or companion. Call Monday or Tues-
day. 1210 Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted as companion or governess;
ran read aloud and play ptano; has had,
4 years' experience as teacher; wages $3.
Box 2124. Call.
A TRUSTWORTHY woman wants work. wash-
Ing, house-cleaning, cooking: $1 6O day and
carfare. Box 1505. 1008 Market st.
A — WOMAN wants position working house-
keeper for widower. 324 Mason st.; phone
Black 2396.
YOUNG woman wishes position to da light
housework; no washing or Ironing. Box
2136. Call office.
AN experienced silver pantry girl wants po-
sition In hotel or restaurant. Address bos
884. Call office.
: FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by the
day or at home. $2 and lunch. 27B Pearl st..
between Market. Valencia and Thirteenth.
i FIRST-CLASS dressmaker recently from East
I on guarantee good fit and style; $2 B0 a
' day. 2843A Mission st.
, COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements; con-
flnm't invalids, massage: painstaking; refs.;
moderate ¦ terms. MRS. KING. 917 Geary.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants light house-
work and cooking: $20- $23. Address SCO Sut-
ter st.. phone Black 4240.
COMPETENT young lady bookkeeper desires)
a position; capable of taking full charge or
will assist: references. Box 2182. Call office.
; SCOTCH woman wants situation; good cook.
I baker and laundress; references; sleep homa,
1 Address Cook, box 21S1. Call office.
EXCELLENT stenographer, best references,
wants substitute work; good pay. Box 829.
Call office.
YOUNG woman with a, bey 13 years old would
like position to cook for men; country pre-
ferred. Box 824. Call office.
JWOMAN wants work by the day; houseclean-
ing: $1 30 and car fare. Call or address
MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
A COMPETENT woman wants day work:
housecleanlni;. washing windows or flannels.
151SA Howard st.
111DDU3-AGED woman wants position as
working housekeeper for two or care of la-
valid. Address f."U Jessie st.
A SWEDISH woman wishes waahlng to do at
home; special care taken of 3annels. 2£*
California ave., downstairs.
A WOMAN wishes work, washing, sweeping
or dusting; Wednesday; h_If day or whole
day. 157 Ninth st.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, good cutter and
fitter, would like a few more engagements
I by the day; terms reasonable. Box SUi. Call.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged German
woman as nurs« or companion during trip ti>
Europe. Box 838. Call office.
YOUNG ctrl wlahc-a to do general housework
in small family. Please call Monday ct
Swls* Dairy. 2:»lo Fillmore st.
FIRST-CLASS lndy stenographer wishes sit-
uation in wholesale house. Address 210-
Call branch. 220O Fillmore St.
YOUNG girl, wants position as plain cook
with a nice family. Please call at 31 Her-
mann St.. near Valencia.
EXPERIENCED drtssmaker; by the day;
private family; shirt waist suUs made In 1
cay; ?2. C3O Stevenson st.. near Seventh.
A YOUNCS woman with references wants
house-cleaning by the day; $1 30 and carfare.
7iM McAllister St.
MRS. MARTHA GRUNDIES WEILER, teach-
er. wants any kind of work; hour 30c lt>13
Uouch »t. . " ; ,
LADY wants position making children's gar-
ments at home. 127 Buchanan at.
A LADY wishes position as houat: keeper.
6H& Natoxaa tt.THE SAN fRANCISGO CALL. SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1904.
45
! __ _ HELP WAXTET) — -MALIC— Cow.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
' 642 Comi5»-roar St., near Kearny.
Phone Bus* SX5. JOHN L. DRKCHSLER.
10 laborers, tono*gacg, $2 30; 10 laborer**
telephone gang. 12 25 day. south, new work,
long Job: 10 farmers; special. 10 laborers,
new Job. JM5 fd. ; 10 bvys for factory; 2 cooks;
2 wheelwrights. $45 fd.: 2 milk. ; 5 lab *52 50.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
tiiC Clay st. Phone James 247*.
23 pipe line men. |2 25 d»y.
40 Italian pick and shovel men. $2 day.
2 carriage painters, you will do, $3 6O day.
4 milkers. {35 month and found.
2 cheesemakers, $4<X month and found.
20 skilled mechanics. $3 to Hi day.
IN GOD WE TRUST.
Golden Gate Employment OfSce. 1213 Ninth
ave.. off H St., alongside of GoVlea Gate Park
: and next door to public libraxy — Best mala
help provided for all purposes, ctty and coun-
try, throughout the States; smallest offlc*
charges: employers please pay halt the offic«
fee. Money orders payable to T. SPEAK-
MAN, station G. San Francisco.
ANDRE'S offlee, 31T Stockton st — German
waiter, country. $33; waiter, near city, $10 50
a week: cook. $30, plain hotel; boarding-
house cook. $45; fry. cook. $13 a w«ek. for
new place; dishwasher, potw&sher and veget-
able man. $.J0 each; plain, laundryman. $30;
porter. $30; etc. -v
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery at, r 12
— Potwasher. $00; 2 camp waiters, near city.
$30; 2 waiters, country. $30; barkeeper. $40:
porter. $30; night clerk. $40 and room.
¦WANTED— Men who are now successfully en-
gaged In representing; wholesale tailoring
firms; the very best wholesale tailoring house*
In the United States will give euch man an
opportunity to mak»- more money; the very
best aampl* equipment, each as woolens' oa
consignment, swatches, unlimited advertising
matters, etc., will be furnished; branch
etoree will be. opened without requiring la-
vestment; sur* Income assured to right par-
ties; good salesmen will find this their op-
portunity. Address A. K. NICHOL. lock box
529, Chicago. 111.
TINSMITHS wanted; steady work. Apply
POWER * PIKE- CO., 17 Drunsm st.
SOLICITOR for merchant tailor; good tndnest*
ments. 1125 Market st
BARBERS — Best 3-chair shop for the> monay;
low rent. 788 Oeary st
BARBER shop for sale: account of other
business. 1*8" Mission st.
GOVERNMENT positions— Mor» thaa 13.000
appointments last year; examination* eoon in
San Francisco. Writ* for circular J — 1. giv-
ing Itst of positions, salaries, examinations,
sample 'questions etc.. to National Corre-
spondence Institute. Pacific Coast Office. 827
Market st. fan Francisco. Cal.
UNCLE SAM wants help: 14,000 appointments
1903; free exam, paper A catalogue grrlnc
positions and salaries. Dept. CWestemCarresp.
University. 823 Golden Oata ave.. 3aa Fran.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 023 Golden
Gate ave., room 7. for free information aa
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc: day
cr evenings.
FOR BALE— A good 2-chalr barber ihojwttS
2 furnished rooms; cheap. DECK ELM AN,
100 Ellis «t __^
BARBER shop; 8 chairs, batb. bootblaclc
stand; -In lively ¦ town; money-maker; flna
location. Box 3. Placervllle.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, ft
good talker, eager to make mon sy. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 478. Parrott building.
WANTED — Good barber for Saturday afte»-
noon and Sunday. 237 H Fifth st
CARRIAGE woodworkers wanted at O"Briea
t Son's. Folk, st. and Golden Gate ave.
. , -_ _ — — -
Men to I*ern the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required: positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue, mailed fre*.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 833 Clay at.
WANTED— Three first-class carriage black-
smiths and thre* first-class body makers:
good wages and steady employment to right
parties. Apply A. MEISTER A SONS CO..
Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Educated gentleman who has <oo«l
knowledge of cyclopedias; $1200 per year!
references required.
University Society, box 21C9. Call.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno Hous« proprietor, has
added 10O 1 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st. : 250 rooms; 25c to 60c par night
EXCELLENT opening for hustling solicitors:
steady and good paying positions. Apply S3*
Market st. rooms 43 aad 44.
STRONG boy for general work about, small
farm; wages $13. Address box 104. Saa Ra-
fael. Cal. ¦ ...
TRY our man's shoes,, union made; at- II and
$1 BO patr: foot-form shoee at $2 0O; w« pay
express or mail charges. 11 td st.Eranv bid.
WANTED — Young man not over, 21 for gro-
1 c«ry business. 1C01 Turk st. ¦ .
WANTED — A good, steady shoemaker at store.
S004 Mission st ' ¦
BARBERS — 2-chair outfit: bargain: nothing
for good will. 1047 Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED — A first-class stlckennan. Palo
Alto Planing Co.. Palo Alto. Cal.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy, r. 415.
A profitable outing; pick bops In Augtut Writ*
E.CLEMEN8 HOR3T CO.. 123 Batteryst.a.F.
TOUNO man to learn barber trade; wa^ea •
while learning. 741A Howard st
SAILORS and younz man <gr»en hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullis. r.40. Phelaa bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas' Post Q- A. R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart ft
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st;. near Mar-
ket — 70O rooms: 33o night: reading-rooms;
¦ fr— 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISMENT3. subscription* received at
Call branch office. cor. Duncan and Church eta,
ALL etxes men's shoes, slightly damaxed.hatt
price. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sta,
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23«
to 6Oc. SA3 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WAgTEP— gAUSMZar.
WANTED— Salesmen who can sell "Blue Sky"t
bewitching, enticing, winning: merchants boy)
. quick; make money; are satisfied: corn ml *-
¦ton; expenses advanced those with success-
ful record: new; $400 weekly being- -mado.
Specialty. Dept. 89. P. O. box C3. CMaa«a»
EXPERIENCED specialty salesman for Cali-
fornia; perm, position to hlght party: refs.
' and bond required. Drawer 8. Chicago.
- HELP WASTED— SOU CTTOJLS.
SOLICITORS — All expenses paid; trarel or lo-
cal: liberal advances. WILLIAMSON.- 833
Broadway. Oakland.
' HOUSES TO LET. - "
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
FOR RENT.
A very desirable residence. 1300 Larkln st,
NE. cor. Sacramento and Larkln; 12 rooms)
and bath; all large and sunny: fins lot.
61:6x113:9 ft. Trent $9O per month. IIOaO
A LANSDALE. 108 Montgomery at. 8. F.
20* FAIR OAKS st— 2-story hous«: S rooms,
bath and basement: new plumbing; rent $30.
CENTER A SPADER. 11 Montgomery st
MODERN corner house. 10 rooms, bath, base-
ment and beater. 425 Baker st. oor. Qrov*.
TO IJET— Fine house and stable. , 131 Thlr-
teenth et
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
OCEAN Beach— Furnished ear cottage.' $10j
larger house. $15: water, yard. Inquire 5159
Taylor st. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
TO let — Furnished house of 7 rooms for thre*
months. 137» Eleventh ave.. Sunset District.
HOUSES TO LET — SCBURDAX.
FOR rent — School vacation: cheap: e-mora cot-
tage; South Sausallto: large garden: near
beach. MADDOCK. 3d and* Richardson sts.
houses ¦ rxmarxsBzs— otbtobav.
¦ '¦¦ " ¦¦ ¦ ><M
MILL VALLEY — For rent, a home of 8 rooms
..and bath: completely and elegantly fur-
nished; also stable: shad« trees in th« yard.
LYON A HOAG.-116 Montgomery st.
FOR rent In . Mill Valley: furnished 7-room
house; bath; hot water; also furnished • tent.
For particulars Inquire at 10S Davis st
WELLESLEY PARK, San Mateo County — «-
room modern furnished house.. MEEK. 809
.- Mission st *¦ . • ' ' ';'•'.
HOUSES FIRM S UEO — PO R : SALE.
$530— FURNISHED house. 8 rooms, toilet and
bath: rent $40: good furniture; Mason, near
Pine. BERG-ARMSTRONG CO.. 313 Kearny.
YORK. 608— Furniture 3*rocm cottage for sal»
cheap: rent $7; also complete) restaurant' out-
fit cheap. ' ' -••'-"
CHEAP furnished house. 5 rooms. 2 Whlta
place, eft Jones st. bet. Butter and Bush.
For Additional Classified- AdverUac
ments See Page Forty-sit,
EMPLovwr vt ivASTicn — vkhalb.
WAXTEI) — Position t-.k housekeeper: small
s otel. raMmlOC-tMOM or f«r one <.r f.vo. Call
Monday anil Tr.t-Hdny. 'Ul Pom. «.. tjoiii '.>.
A — <.HXili <-..<k Brant* CMOkteg tcf :i:en. <\.ur»-
ny. :'.z* Umama ¦*.'; [feon* Bliu.-k iTJtS.
UOMPETnjCT raejss «'int« work by :h» i*ay:
II ;* siJ'l oarlar-N 11 Eleventh tt.
WOMAN wants work by the day.- Cal! 9^
Sa!:.i.r. f... < a '.'a'-if.J. n?ar Taylor.
Y<>'.:>."'J l.i-iy waals position us nurte. Box
21^*.. Oi!i efftce.
YOVN'J worrun with"* «ny kind of work by
tlir day. Address illtS. A. B.. 723 Brannan.
VANTTIO— Plain sewing to <!o at home. Ap«
ply tiOTA Tolk «t.
POSITION wasted as housekeeper in refined
rair.!!y. Box riDC. Call office.
LACNX>RES3 wants work by the day. 74S
F«il*om ft.
WA NTHD— A Job ~ie7 "nurseirirt. MAT MA-
JiOXUY. M Tehama rt.
LADY wants washing by day. Box SS9. Call
offlc «-
EV.'EDtSII Ctrl would like work by th* day
••> h. :.::'s and Ironing. C7S Harrison et
TOL'NG lady wishes position as bookkeeper;
rcf. Address S D.. bcx 2177. Call office.
OLD lady waxts a Job by the day. Box 2183,
Call office.
CHAMBER work wanted by middle-aged wo-
r, «:. Address 308 Sutter st
LAUNDRESS wants work by the day. 74S
Foisonr st. ; phone Red 677.
GOOD cook wlehee situation; go to country;
private family; good references. 748 Howard.
A TOUNQ woman wants work by day. Pbooe
Scott 1S24.
A GOOD, strong German woman deeiree work,
city or country; 5-5. Address box 833. Call.
TO do washing and laundry work at borne,
Aodrcaa MRS. S UNPIN. 214 Fourth st
Al STENOGRAPHER desires Al position at Al
salary. Box 2SS0. Call office.
CTTT'ATION m nurse. Box 828. Call efflce.
A COMPETENT woman nurse would care for
sick or invalid ; terms reasonable. C14 Eddy.
RELIABLE wen. an wants offices or apart- ,
ments to clean; references. Box 2560, CaJl. ,
nnST-CLASS cook <!e*!res position; city or
country. Apply 327 Minna st^ j
GERMAN menu, good cook. wants_ place; j
Gorman family preferred- Apply 137 Third.
A WOMAN »ar.ts washing to take home; has j
jsi-d. Box «>09. Call otflee. j
DRKESMAKER wishes work by the day. Ap- j
ply 7S5 Fulton »t. j
YOUN'J iady wishes position as stenographer; !
r**t cf reference* Kiven. Box 3564. Call. ;
FTRST-CLAPS laundress wants work by the. '
day. S^ Pace bt.
WOMAN manti work by the day; washing or
'• -_m . .-ii.'r.e. Call 157 Tehama st
SITUATION n« laundress in private family.
A<Jdreh» bcx "1C1 Call branch, 2200 Fillmore.
ELDEKLV lady wishes position as house-
Uefi-^r. 130 Fifth st
YOUNG woruan wishes position to do general
housework. 2SC Twelfth Et.
SWEDISH Fir! desire* chamber work; sleep at
home. Call 1615A Mason «t.
LADY wir.ts washing by the day. Box 1504,
1«« Market Et.
BY a reliatle woman with a boy 8 years, to
do housework In a small family; no objec-
tlnns to the country. 31 Lafayette St., be-
tween Eleventh ar.d Twelfth, Howard and
Mission, rear. . • .
MIDDLE-AGED noram wants washing, 'iron-
ing and house cleaning: not afraid of work;
H :.(¦ day. Oox Call office.
A GERMAN woman would like to do ironing
In hot«I. 1 Burcham place, off Leavenwortn.
A REFINED young woman with two months'
E vacation would like to co to the country
with a refpec't&ble family as companion, or
tfckt <are of a child. Addrees D. R.. Fruit-
vale P. O.
[>i:.N'G lady with exceptional ability as stenog-
rapher, typewriter and bookkeeper wishes
l««ltlon; *«fi not less than $25 per month.
Box 2110. Call.
A LADY- would ISk* to accompany family to
»«• Zealand: «?are for children or b« of
#rrr.«-ral atrtstance; doe» not become seasick.
Address L . x 2253, Call office. ¦ —
XOCXO la<Jy. experienced ctenograpber with
LnoM-ledge of bookkeeping, desires a posi-
tion nt efflce asflruut Box 2082, Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Ci.ll liranch office, cor. Duncan & Church sis.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
"all at Eaton's B^raar. 633 McAllister st j
fc«PM>.\ MK\T U'AM KD MAI.K.
¦CFERXOB ::r:* -< :.»*s man and wife seek sit-
uation together as chef and helper for hotel,
institution or family boarding-house; best of
t< :•-'• •.: ** ; cplendid opportunity to see kltch-
m help. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO..
¦','U Gutter «.
WANTED— Situation as clerk In store by
:>-:.(,' marrlc-d man; experienced In large
cigar and tobacco store, aleo in the grocery
business; good salesman; has been in busi-
ness for himpelf in the East 7 years; rea-
sonable eaiary. Box 2538. Call.
CAPABLE office "clerk, bookkeeper and type-
writer, thorouchly experienced, steady hab-
its, o *.r«-s position with established real es-
tate firm; wages no object; wishes to ac-
quire thorough knowledge of business. Box
>'^>7. Call office.
BHAKQBAL Cfclna— Gentleman wishes to rep-
¦•:••• business house In Shanghai or Hong-
kong; pf*«*-cses business references from
Khantrhai; four yeans' Oriental experience.
L- x »- -o. Call office.
PAINTER, first -class all around man, would
l:ke to work for owner; would work very
reasonable; city or country. Address box
831. Cail office.
I£IX*HANICAL draughtsman, designer and d»-
ts;!er; 18 years' experience; mining, station-
ary • -2 Ciarine; wants position or. work at
home. Box S97. Call office.
WANTED— A position by middle-aged man to
work la a general merchandise store; wining
to do any kind o' work In that line. Address
box aes. Call office.
P.r^TinnR. sober and reliable, familiar with :
all branches 4n wholesale liquor business,
var.te good position. Address E. MEYER,
I Tut; K ti., Sacramento. i
CLOTHING salesman trants position; first- i
clan ar.d understanding window trimming
an1 a:terat'.on»; country preferred. Box 2148
Call off.ee.
CLERICAL position by a young man. age 23
ytar*. rrafluate of commercial department of i
8. F Business College; best of references. ¦
Box 21 ;s. Call office.
EXPEItlKNCED business man who Is thor-
oughty coroi*t«it in eyaking German. Span-
ish. English corretpondent* wishes position j
lr. wholt:»a:«> hou-c. Bcx 2579. Call office.
POSITION In rJuciKse shop as helper to learn
trafie; two years' experience; age 17: refer- '
ences riven. Address WM. '. KIRCHNER, '.
114 Jessie et.; Phone Howard 32S8; city.
—
HOUSE and window cieaninr: any kind of
n-ork by experienced zr.an; $1 per day. Ad-
etaeae II. WILLIAMS. £05 Second et.
AN experienced young German grocery clerk
wiehes a po'it.'on; har.dy with bar; good city
i*feren-es; 3 years last place; city or coun-
try. Box CM1, Call.
EUI'jHT vounjr man of 17, resldlnr with par-
ents. nirl.es to work in wholesale house, or
i*aju cood trade; best of references. Box
M<:. Ca4 ofScc.
POSITION wanted by reliable man aa collec-
tor or !n grocery store; will furnish security
and b'«t of references. Address box 2iCS
Call off.ee. '
MARINE fireman, mlddle-actd strictly tem-
j<rate : understands the running of gasoline
or steam tngine; handy, all-aroand man. Box
UARTHNDER. experienced. German, wishes a
position: gives Lest of references. Box 25C3
l"jll office. '
imNOGRAPIIER, bookkeeper, offlc* mia-
t'nctly r.rst-c:a»s; wants position; Al refer-
once. Address box *O8, Call efflce.
COMPirTHN'T bookkeeper wishes position In
one ff the leading wholesale houses. Box
TSfC. Call o.'flre.
MAN* and wife: man aa horse man: woman to
'"-•. hoiiEe»-nrk and assist in kitchen. Box
fir.. Call office.
BATIf aUeiulant. experienced and competent,
nould like potltlon lr. fprlnr* or city estab-
]iy'..n.er.t; give particulars. Box &G6, Coll.
prt.cfTICN wanted a« man about place; rell-
»b>. '-oniK-i«>tlc-a«. handy ; experienced In
*Um-« ar.J poultry: referenc*-*. Box 2116, Call.
YOr>"' man. 22. *i ealc*. write* XTn;!li>h, Span-
•-: i'rrnch. want» poMtion of any kind; of-
fice work fireferred. Addrecs bcx 8&0, Call.
TWO men «lxh situations to go to country as
.fruit pickers through the season. Box 2128,
Cail orate.
HELP WANTED— MA^K— Coatlsa* «?
A— TO-DAY,
SUNDAY,
OFFICE OPEN.
MUJIRAY & READY, -Phone Main BS4S.
«34-&1« Clay st 6848 Phone Main.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1BC*8 We Gave 1U04 We Hope to
0O.0C0 Men Work. Increase etfooo.
SPANISH. GERMAN. FRENCH.
ITALIAN. SWIS8. GREEK.
NEW— NEW— NEW.
ARIZONA. ARIZONA. ARIZONA.
. $10 04 1104 MILES $10 04
8330 MEN WANTED.
HUNDREDS GOING DAILY; ARE YOU?
Teamsters, Laborers, Hammermen, Drillers.
$2. $2 60. $3. $3 60 Day.
FLORENCE, center of grtat mines, Arizona.
FREE FARE— 8 HOURS DAY.
' To State Of NEVADA— NETVADA— NEVADA
United States Government Work.
S3S3 drillers, teamsters, laborers, rockmen,
concrete miners, tunnelmen, $2, $2 50. $3,
$3 36—8 hours, overtime paid.
COST $1 FEE THATS ALL. 2 years' work.
NORTH— FREE FARE— EAST— SOUTH.
186 laborers, no experience . required, you'll
suit.
. FREE TO-DAY— TOU GO FREE.
GREAT LUMBER TRUSTS.
' 196 laborers, lumber companies. $35 to $60 fd.
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIES.
.16 laborers, foremen for mines. $40 A $30 fd.
IS drillers, no fare to pay. $07 60.
LABORERS. TEAMSTERS.
96 scraper and sand wagon teamsters, $2 23
ft day.
164 laborers, all over California, some In
San Francisco. $2 and $2 60 a day.
B0 laborers. 8 hours' work dally. THAT'S
ALL. $2 a dsy.
HAY AND HARVEST HANDS.
91 haymakers, all over State. $1 30 day fd.
, 3S harvest hands, sack sewers, pitchers, eto.,
! $2 a day and found.
' 18 teamsters, extra rood Jobs. $1 B0 and $2
a day and found.
DAIRYMEN— STABLEMEN.
64 milkers, extra good Jobs, come, sea, $33.
$40 and found.
6 butter-makers, 2 cheevemakers, $40, $50 fd.
19 stablemen, city and? country Jobs, $75,
$C0. $35 and found.
OARDENERS-CHOREMEN.
B gardeners, private Jobs, boss hers, <, $33,
$30 and found.
48 choremen and boys, different Jobs. . $35,
$30, $25 and found.
16 HAY BALERS, 23c TON.
63 orchard and vineyard hands, permanent
Jobs. $28, $30. $33 and found.
MARRIED.
• men and wives for farms, orchards, Tine-
yards, dairies, mines, etc., $40. $50. $60,
$70 and found. -
MECHANICAL.
Tinner, $8 day.
TRADESMEN.
6 sash and door hands, lumber company, $3
to $3 50 day.
18 blacksmiths, different places. $3. $3 50
day. ¦ ,.
6 carriage painters. $12 to $13 week.
Weavers on blankets.
2 brick loaders, country, 25c M.
Screw turners, edgerman. hook tender*.
Logger, understands rigging, L. Co., $60 fd.
12 shingle packers, cut-off eawyer.
Molder and sticker hand.
Carriage palntar a.ni sticker hand, $4 day.
Painter, carriage works, fare $1. $30 found.
12 coopers, slack work, call very early.
WOODCHOPPERS.
106 woodchopperi every wher* In th«. State.
Logger. Dolbeer logging donkey. $73 found.
IS cooks, springs, resorts, hotels, campn.
mines, ranchee. saloons, etc., $70, $60, $50,
$40. $30, $23 found.
14 waiters, hotels, cafes, etc. $40. $35, $30,
$23 and found.
2fl dishwashers. se« ns; $35. $30. $20 found.
19 . porters, bell and elevator boys, $-30, $25,
$20, $15 and found.
lOOK.
4 boys, city factories, $4 week, omnibus boys.
LAUNDRYMEN.
Laundryman, Institution, $3o and found.
18 laundrymen, all over California.
. BAKERS.
First, second, third, fourth hands, bakers.
Farmer and wife. Monterey Co.. easy Job,
$50 and found.
Carriage painter, brush hand, $2 day.
5 hostlers, city Jobs, $73.
Married farmer. $2 day.
Milker and wife. Colusa County. $50 found.
Tamale maker, country Job.
Oxen teamster, lumber co., $50 found.
LOOK.
Second cook, hotel, $50; pantryman. $30 fd.
Second baker, fare $3 50. $45 round.
LUMBER.
Edgerman. sugar pine. $30 found.
Head donkeyman. L. Co.. $60 found.
Crosscut sawyer, fare $2 25, $35 found.
Gardener, 6 cows, private, fare $1, $40 fd.
406 MILES.
$4 06. $4 06.
- 8OUTH. 6OUTH. SOUTH,
153 teamsters, rome see. $6r>. ¦ t
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
FOREMAN for orchard vineyard. ¦ south, good
wagea. ¦
BUTCHERS.
Butcher and Bookkeeper comWned. man to
run country shop; references preferred.
Carpenter, ranch, fare «1 25. $40 found. .
2 slaughter-house butchers, ranch. $50 found.
1 FOREMAN FOR AN
Irrigation fruit ranch.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BAKER, institution, fare $2 60. $30 to $35 fd.
Carpenter, factory, fare 10c. $3 day.
Plumber, tinner, north. $2 60 day.
Blacksmith, far* $1 40. «3 day.
Blacksmith, ranch, fare $1 BO. $2 day found.
6 milkers together, extra good Job. $33 fd.
3 sheep herders, fare $1 50. $30 found.
MURRAY A READY. C34-636 Clay st.
FARE PAID — COUNTRT HOTEL.
2 waiters, $25 found: pantryman. $20 found.
Clerk, country merchandise store. $30 found.
Walter. Fresno County. $40 found.
MURRAT A READY. C34-636 Clay st
WAREHOUSE WORK.
10 laborers to handle grain, $3 day.
Mlllwriiht factory. $4 day.
Carpenter, factory. $3 50 day.
4 plumbers, $4 day.
Blacksmith, country shop. $3 day.
Stableman, country. $3 day.
Buirgy washer, country. ?6O.
Milk wagon driver, city, $40 found.
Btacksmlth helper, country. $2 60 day.
Blacksmith. Ban Mateo Co.. »40 found.
FREE FARE.
10 laborer*, new Job, free fare.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — Men learn the barber trade; why
you should learn at Halght's College; he-
pays his Instructor higher wages than other
colleges- student* from other colleges pay
him to graduate them; he finishes yon In a,
barber shop: he teaches you cheaper. Call
at Halght's College. 647 Commercial St.. S. F.
WANTED— Quick, few men to represent whole.
sale house locally among merchants and
agents In your State; established business;
$20 salary and expenses weekly: expense
money advanced: yearly contract; previous
experience not essential. Address Superin-
tendent. 325 Dearborn st. Chicago.
TRUSTWORTHY person, each district to su-
perintend buelnese for wholesale house; $20
paid weekly: expense money advanced; po-
sition permanent; experience not essential;
this is no deception. Manager. 807 Como
building. Chicago.
CHARCOAL burners — We have 200 acres
heavy oak. manxanlta and madrone timber
to tjrn Into charcoal: will sell for royalty
tr percentage; three miles from R. R.: down
hill; eany to reach. Herraosa Ranch Co.,
i Cloveniale. Cal. •
MAHRIED man. between 25 and SO, good hab-
• Its and educattcn, ambitious to advance and
will *lve honest effort for fair salary and
i expenses st start: state experience and ref-
; , erences. > Box 2395. Call offlee.
SAWMILL— Wanted, an experienced man to
actjkan mill foreman (redwood). 80 miles by
rairfrom Ean Francisco. Address, full par-
ttcHlars. P. O. box 2U80. S. F.
YOUNG men to become brakemen: also loco-
motive firemen; experience unnecessary ; give
age: Inclose stamp. . Ozark Institute, Spring.
field. Mo. .
CLOTHING salesman wanted: a good position
for an experienced man. Apply, giving age,
\ experience and references to box 2530. Call.
EXPERIENCED floorman wanted for dry
goods store. Apply, giving references, expe-
rienc* and all particulars, box 2334, Call.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman wanted:
only those having experience and first-class
references need apply. Box 2537. Call.
FIRST -CLASS catidymaker on counter goods:
beat of references. Call 713 Market st Sun-
«!ay a. in., bet. 11 and 12 o'clock.
WANTED — .1 carpenters at once: would let
Inside work of two houses by contract. 682
Twenty-fifth »t. Oakland. ¦
MARRIED man for vineyard Just planted;
must understand his work. Box 867. Call.
DETECTIVES— Everywhere: good salary: no
experience. U. S. Detec. Agcy.. Milwaukee.
WANTED — A hydraulic mining engineer of
Inter-State character. Box 2145.Ca.lI office.
WANTED — A dishwasher. 110 Fifth st, O.
WILSON. ' -
WANTED— Good canvasser for a new and u»e-
ful office Invention. Box 810. Call office.
WANTED — Good barber for Sunday. 803
Ktarny st. . ¦ ¦ .
TRIMMER wanted. Apply to CHAS. LYONS.
London Tailor. 721 Market st
MARKER or distributer. Apply 1445 Broad-
way. Oakland.
WANTED— Strong boy. Apply FOX A WIS-
BINO. wood carvers. 415 Market st ' .
BOY. 16 to IS. good penman, quick and accur-
ate. Addressograph Dept Gas Co., 415 Post.
STRONG boy to learn carriage painting; paid
• while learning. 088 Harrison st
A PORTER (German). 115 O'Farrell at,
" FI^ATS TO LET. ' *'".' 'V.-:
AN elegant, now, modern lower flat, 2S59 Sac-
N cramento st, to lease, from July 1; 8 rooms,
bath, social hall, large reception hall with
high' paneling, colonial brick fireplace; sun
and llcht in every room; elegantly finished
throughout; separate vestibule and entrance;
exceptional inducements regarding lease to
desirable, responsible tenant. Permit' to In-
, spect from A. HARSHALL. 12 Keamy st;
phone Red 2431. ¦
AA A— HOIJSE RENTING DEPARTMENT!
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department; over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agenciet; :
let us give you a list and- help you to find a
place; we never fall: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1030 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense lUt:
service absolutely . free ; take advantage of
' this department; It will save you time and
trdttble. , Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259
Geary St., on the square. ; ¦
TO let — $75; sunny modem apartment of 7
large. rooms with servant's room downstairs;
on carllne; 10 minutes from Montgomery St.;
• can be seen mornings after 11. l.'JIO Wash- i
ington street. Telephone East 825. I
24 NEW. eunny, artistically finished flats of 4
and 5 rooms and bath on Pacific st, between
Taylor and Jones; rents ranging from $18
to $26. VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.,
B13 California st
VAN NESS ave.. 631— Most elegant corner
flat in city to lease; private family only;
rent $85; open- 11 a. ra. to 4 p. m. Apply
on premises or to BALDWIN A HOW ELL.
NEW flat 6 rooms 'with bath; carpet and
range, with gas stove attached; for sale If
desired. 12S6 Broadway; call after Sunday.
FRANKLIN. 1045. near Ellis— Artistically fin-
ished upper flat of 8 rooms' and bath; rent
$60. VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 513
California st.
SUTTER. fcllv near Broderick — Sunny upper
flat. 6 rooms and bath, $27 50. VON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO.. 613 California st.
6H0TWELL, 1017. near Twenty-fourth — Mod-
ern sunny upper flat; key downstairs; see this
to-day. BALDWIN A STETSON, 817 Mont-
gomery »t
NEW sunny swell 6-room fiats; Dutch dining-
rooms; coal fireplaces; Interior cottage effect;
$30 and $32 50. Lyon at., near gay.
NINETEENTH and Castro sts., NW. cor. — Sun
all day; upper flat; 7 rooms and bath;
modern: $30. i. i - .
BRODERICK. 220, near Oak— Modern flat of 6 j
rooms, bath and servant's room; grand view '
from every room ; rent $32 50.
MASONIC ave.. 1817. near Park— Elegant sun-
ny up-to-date upper flat. 7 rooms and batb;
reasonable to right party.
PIERCER 930— -Elegant, new. sunny, upper 9
rooms: billiard hail: magnificent view city;
with or without private stable.
TWO nice sunny flats — One, 6 rooms and bath,
$23 CO, 1124 Treat ave; one, 4 rooms and bath,
$20. 2765 Twenty third st.
$22 50 — 6 ROOMS, bath, laundry: sunny; mod-
ern: beet flat In the Mission. 836 Cumber-
land st, bet. 19th and 20th. near Church, i
CF.NTRAL ave., 67, nr. Waller st — 8unnlest,
cheapest upper up-to-date flat, 6 large rooms
and bath: $30.
CALIFORNIA. 1001 — Three connecting rooms
and bathroom; suitable for physician; lower
bell. !
A NICE sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath. 730
Ellis st. near Stelner.
CLIPPER. 512V4— Upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath; modern. Apply 612 Clipper st.
FILLMORE, 1126 — 7-room flat; rooms all
light; modern; furniture for sale.
HARRISON. 829A— New modern fine flat of 6
rooms; reasonable to responsible party.
HAYES. 692, cor. Buchanan — Nlca sunny flat;
6 rooms and bath; modern Improvements.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Call
on LYON A HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.%
LEAVEN WO RTH, 10U— Middle flat; sunny; 5
room* and bath; downtown; $27 60 month.
NEW sunny, 6 rooms, yard, modern. 1006
Capp St., near Twenty-fifth; rent cheap.
PACIFIC Heights, NE. oor. Broadway and
Franklin — Sunny 0-room flat; marine view.
PACIFIC. 1108A— Flat, 4 rooms and bath;
rent 514. • .
REDUCED — New corner upper flat 6 rooms,
bath; marine view. 2298 Filbert st . .
8AN JO8E av«.. 227— Flat. 6 rooms and bath;
swellest location: Mission warm belt
SUNNY new 6 and 7 room flats, one block
north Market st 137 to 163 Noe. near 15th.
TOP flat of 6 rooms and bath to let, $15. 634
San Bruno ave.
TREMONT ave., 53 — Five rooms and bath;
fresh Xluted; basement '.;¦;¦';
TURK. 620A— Sunny flat 4 rooms, bath, gas;
large basement; rent $16; no children.
UPPER flat: 847 Hickory ave., near Laguna
at.; 5 rooms and bath.
VALLEJO. 1C08 — 7 rooms: second story upper
flat: marine view; $35.
WALLER, 1311— House of 9. rooms; billiard-
room: bath; heater; modern; $50.
¦¦
$20— SUNNY flat o rooms and bath. 1209
Guerrero st, corner Twenty-fourth.
$35— MODERN flat of 9 rooms. 1303 % Waller
st.. near Masonic are.
FLATS . FOR SALE FURNISHED.
FOR tale — Furniture of B-room flat; rent $18;
fine marine view, large gardens; no dealers.
1228 Filbert et, near Larkln.
FURNITURE of 7 rooms for sale; cheap rent;
$33. 137 Ninth St. .-./."
PINE, 988 — 9-room flat; bargain; Investigate.
FURNISHED flat; 7 rooms; all sunny. Inquire
2630 Howard st.
LEAVENWORTH, 208 — Flat of 4 rooms and
bath for sale.
UPPER flat 8 sunny rooms, handsome new
carpets, for sale; rent $33. 2126 Central ave.
FLATS WANTED.
BUNNY middle or lower flat, 6 rooms: bounded
by Turk, Van Ness, . Pine, Broderick; will
pay $35; modern Improvements. Box 881,
Call office. ¦ ¦
¦ FWtNITCRE FOR SALE.
ANDERSON Auction House at 19 Turk st. nr.
Market, for furniture and everything for the
house at lowest prices. .
YOU can buy $T3 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 B0 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. •'140 -Post st.. near Powell.
FURNITURE of a 6-room houso for sale; all
new; only been used a few months. Box
663, Call office. ¦ I
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 Valencia. nr,16th.Tel.Church 3873
FURNITURE of 4-room flat and bath $75; flat
to let. 782 Harrison st.
GOOD bed lounge for sale. $5. C03 Halght
street. .__
CHEAPEST place in city for second-hand fur-
nlture. 086 Geary st. Tel. Polk 1477. ¦
ffUHM'Tt'KE WANT13D.
, aUe" levy" ~ ~ ~~-
Salesroom. 1180 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get, his estimate.
CHAS, LEVY A CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.csrpets etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
HELP W ANTED — FEMALE.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdre*slng.
manicuring, etc. :. trade taught from A to Z
; In 2 weeks; f5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
t>ed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
EXPERIENCED SALESLADIES WANTED
FOR ART NEEDLEWORK. OLOVES. HOS-
IERY. UNDERWEAR, RIBBON AND NO-
TION DEPARTMENT. APPLY TUES-
DAY AT MANAGER' S OFFICE, NEW-
MAN A LEVIN3ON. : '., _
A— GIRL to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; position as trimmers,
salesladies, etc. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
A — LADIES, learn all . branches) halrdressing
trade, manicuring, massage, etc.; positions
•ecured at highest wages: day and evening
classes; thorough system. Removed from 1236
Market st. to 133 Powell st.
A GOOD plain cook and housekeeper, under 33,
at -children's camp; retained on return to
city: German or Swedish woman preferred;
'. excellent references; salary • $25 ' per month.
Box 2080, Call. - ¦ .' ¦¦.-..
$1 PER hour made manufacturing raised letter
art elrne; we teach you for $1; costs noth-
ing to Investigate; call Sunday. McDOWELL,
,211 Fourth at, room 33.
HELP >V A \TRD— FEMAtB— Ca». .
A COOK for small American family In Santa
Cruz, $30; 2 waitresses, same hotel In city,
$25 each; a waitress and parlor maid for
small family In San Mateo. $30; a girl for
cooking and housework In a family of 3
grown persons living In country, wages $35,
see party here; a cook for a small Institution
In the city, wages $35; a girl for cleaning :
and sewing in an Institution, $20,' city; a!
ccok for ranch hands, $20; 20 good house-
work girls for city and country, $35, $30 and
j $25. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St..
1 near Powell.
TEN waitresses for summer resorts, springs
and commercial hotels $25 each: offlee hours
8:30 a. m. to 6:30 p. m. MISS PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter st, near Powell.
WANTED— 18 waitresses for springs, hotels,
resorts, city and country, $25-$.10; kitchen
and dlntng-room helper for deltcatesnen, $30;
French Second girl, $25; 2 cooks, small board-
ing-house, and also hotel, $30; cooks, plain
washing, $30, and a large number of girls in
city and country at $25-$30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 834 Butter st
IN GOD WE TRUST.
Golden Gate Employment Offlee. 1211 Ninth
, ave., off H st, alongside of Golden Gate
Park and next-door to Public Library; free
reading-room for ladies; best help provided
for all purposes. 1 for city and country
throughout the States; smallest office
charges; employers please pay half the office
fee; money orders payable to T. -8PEAK-
MAN, Station O. San Francisco. - ¦. ¦
WOMEN and girls to register for season's
work beginning middle June, lasting July,
August, September; preparing and canning
fruit Apply office CALIFORNIA CANNER-
IES COMPANY, 125 California st, city.
or factory, Brannan at - between Third and
Fourth. ->,-<
REFINED woman under 35, not afraid of
work, to teach housework, 1 to 5 dally. In In-
stitution for girls; references; $20 per month.
Box 8081. Call.
LADIES to do piecework at their homes; w*
furnish all materials and pay from $7 to $12
weekly. Send stamped envelope to ROYAL
CO.. 34 E. Monroe, st, Chicago. ¦ '-..?¦¦ :¦-
AA — BOOKKEEPER, cashier, young lady, ex-
pert accountant; all modern methods; highest
reference, last position 6 yrs. Box 2393, Call.
WANTED — A girl to do light housework at
Palo Alto; 2 In family. Apply Monday, 10
to 12 and 1 to 4, room M, 751 Butter st
TWO lady solicitors to introduce our goods:
city and country; liberal terms. The- Oattn*
Co.. 121 Geary Bt..room 721.
WANTED — *Jeat young woman for general
housework; light washing; 4 adults; good
room, $25. 140 First ave., near Clay st
RELIABLE business woman for responsible
position with prominent wholesale house.
Box 616. Call office.
WANTED — Demonstrator for permanent city
i position; state experience and moderata sal-
ary. Box 2540, Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' silk
waists; no others need apply. KONIO-
STEIN, 28 First st
FIRST-CLASS talloresa on coats: experienced
apprentice. Room 2. 411^ Kearny at.; call
Monday.
YOUNG lady, rood penman, quick and ac-
curate. Addressograph Dept, Gas Co., 415
Post street
A— SEWERS wanted on ladles' waists. 656
. Mission street, third floor.
A— SEWERS wanted on ladles' underwear.
656 Mission st. third floor. .
EXPERIENCED salesladies In hosiery and
laces. JOE ROSENBERG. 816 Market st.
WANTED— 8ervant girl wanted; German pre-
ferred. Apply at 703 Webater st
A COMPETENT girl for cooking and hou««-
work; 4 adults. 3325 Clay st.
WANTED— Girl for cooking and downstair*
work; wages $25. 1018 Sutter at
WANTED— LADY agent, not over 30; high
commissions. Address box 890. Call office.
GIRL for cooking and general housework;
wagea $25. 012 Page et
TRAVELING manager: ambitions to take
rharge. Box 2594. Call office.
GIRL to learn typesetting. $3 week; advance-
ment; 9 hours day. 616 Commercial st.
APPRENTICE on ladles' cloaks and suits.
D. M. DAVIDSON A CO., 52 First St.
WANTED— Halrdreiwer who Will call at resi-
dence. Box 2585, Call office.
HELPERS for dressmaking; if capable, well
paid, also apprentice. 135 Oeary st.. r. 129.
FIRST-CLASS operators,also. finishers on rests;
wages no object 230V69th st..opp.Clementlna.
PA NTH finishers: steady work; call Monday.
ROYAL PANTS CO.. 223 Kearny at
WANTED— Girl about 14: light work. 463
Fourth ut.
WANTED — Girl or elderly woman to assiat
with baby: good home. 224 Sixth st \^-
AN experienced saleslady wanted for cloak aad
suit department Address "Cloaks," box
2077. Call office. '-
APPRENTICES to leam halrdressing; paid
while learning. COSO ROVE' 8. 110 Geary st
FIRST-CLASS hairdressers and munlcorers
wanted. Apply at COSQROVE'8. 110 Oeary.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops tn August
Write E. Clemens Horat. 122 Battery st.S.F.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan * Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
I1KLP WANTED MALE.
AT The California Employment Agency,
14 3d st., nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 403.
State of Nevada; cheap fare refunded. ;•»;
United States Government work.
50 teamsters and laborers; $2 to $2 23 day.
60 drillers, hammersmen and rockmen, $2 50
day.
$10 05 fare. Florence, Arls. Fare $10 05.
100 teamsters and laborers, $2 to $3 50 day.
PAWMILL CREW.
2 carpenters, lumber company. S. . B. II.,
$.M> found.
Shingle Jointer, see boss here. $45 found.
Hoard puller, $46 a month and board.
2 tall edgermen, $40 a month and board.
2 second trlmmermen, $40 month and board.
1 offbearer, $40 a month and board.
10 lumber pliers, $35 to f40 and board.
8 men for rock quarry, $2 23 a day.
10 labor*™, b hours, near city, iW.
' Cook, plain, hotel, city. $43 found.
2 carpenters, country town. 8 hours, $4 day.
Blarlcsmlth. take shop on shares.
10 Slavonian laborers, sawmill, $35 found.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 8d st, ;
5 CARPENTERS for country/ $3 50 day; gang
edjrerman, f!>0 and beard; machine men,
$:{ CO day; chopper, $00 and found; tallyman
and lumber sorter, $30 and found; 2 crosscut
rawyere, $40 and board; logway man, $33 and
found; laborer about mill, $2 23 day; potter
and warehouse man, $u0 and Increase; young
man for country store, $15 and found; farm-
ers and teamster*. $1 50 day and board and
$30 month: milkers. $30 and $35 and found;
Ironer. $13 week; man about place, $30 and
found: blacksmith. $2 60 day and board and
?;i 50 day: blacksmith's helpers. $30 and $35 !
and board: DOrter, $25 and found: cocks,
waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT A
CO., C2S Sacramento st.
A— PACmC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
F. M. GUNK, (38 Commercial st.
Phone Main llitl, t> doorB from Kearny. .
Special for loree mine: 10 woodchoppers,
I .powder furnished. $1 CO cord, steady work,
vouth. cool climate, any one, ship ship dally,
new work, 1104 miles lc mllo rate:' Clark
R. It.. San Bernardino Co.. - ship Monday,
choppers ; Nevada, 8 hrs. work, ahlp Monday.
$- to $2 CO day; free fare, near city, elec-
tric R. R.. 10 teamsters, $00: fre« fare, ship
dally, Santa Fe Company's own work; hun-
dreds of other Jobs; office open to-day 10 to
12 noon.
AT HORD A SMITH'S,
05 Third st; telephone Main 0521.
Stablemen, city. $2 50.
Cook, city boardlnr-house, $50.
Man to drive wagon. $40 and fJ.
Boys' for factory, good trade, city.
Arizona. Florence, fare $1<* 05 —
Laborers and teamster*, $2.
Tvitinelmcn, Humboldt Co., I- 50-$2 75, cheap
fare.
Pipeline. Monterey Co., laborers, $2 23.
Teamsters, city, $1 50 and fd.
Laborers, $2, fare 25c. ,
Nevada, laborers and teamsters, . $2 23.
ARCHITECT wanted; a competent man to
design factories; one who has had some
mechanical experience preferred; state ex-
perience references and salary expected. Box
21S0. Call office. -
A RESPONSIBLE salesman . wanted to repre-
sent New. York concern In the retail carpet
nnd furniture trade on commission basis.
Room 1202. 103 Fulton et. New York. • -
WANTED — Musician harpist to travel two
- monhts, ' beginning * about . July 1. ¦ Answer,
giving age and experience, M. PARKER,
835 Francisco st, Los Angeles.
CARPENTERS wanted. Apply to BECON, 11
Montgomery et., S. 7., or 1016 Broadway,
Oakland.
FINE 3-chair barber shop; 3 ' good livlngr-
rooms: on time. Box 8&3 Call offlc*.
12MI*LOYi«RXT WANTED— MALE.
"TOUNO man wants to drive for' a wholesale
house.' Aildrcss box 802. Call office,
MAN formerly in business for self wishes po-
sition. Address box 2370, Call office.
YOUNG man would like position' to drive d»-
11 very wagon. Address box 805, Call office.
ELDERLV nun would like a position around
a house. Apply to 170 Natoma st.
COMPETENT bartender wishes position city
or country: best references. Box 8C3. Call.
WANTED — A Job tin packer In wholesale
house.- Box SCS. Call office.
BOY 12 years old wants position as an errand
boy. 1S25 Fifteenth Bt.
WANTED — A . position as bookkeeper In a
wholesale house. Box S73. Call offlee. -
WANTED — A Job as a clerk tn a wholesale
house. Box S70, Call office.
CHEF cook wants position. Box 2105, Call
office. ¦
W A NTED-r Position as clerk. Apply HARRY
MULLER. C20 Bush st.
YOUNG man wishes situation In store. 145
Taylor st
EOT 14 wants situation. 125 Taylor «t.
POSITION as barber; short hours. Addrees
box 1503. 100S Market gt.
YOUNG man wishes work in country. 1016
Fifteenth st. •
SITUATION wanted as cigar elerk or tend
bar. Address box 2556, Call office.
WANTED— Position as night watchman. Box
2102. Call office.
NIGHT watchman wants work. GEO. FARGO,
867 Market st.
MAN wants work of any kind. Address J. T.
,C.. 11 Natoma st.
WANTED— SitmMnn as clerk. Apply ROBT.
CHRISTIE. 30 Poet' at '
YOUNG boy wishes a Job during school va-
cation. 1415 Sixteenth st. south.
MOVING picture operator wants posttlon. Box
2186. Call office.
CLOTHING drummer wants posttlon. Box
2191. Call offics. . '
POSITION as bath house porter. Address box
_2146. Call office.
BARBER wants place; short hours. Address
box 2147. Call office.
ENGINEER 12 years' experience, licensed,
desires position. Box 2175, Call office.
WANTED— Light employment of any kind.
Apply ROBT. CHRISTIE. 30 Post Bt
WANTED — A position as bartender. Box 2174,
Call office. ,__
WANTED — Position* as collector. Box 2074,
Call office.
STEAM fitter wishes a position In country.
Address W. P.. 424 Shotwell st ' -..
WANTED— Position as clerk. Box 2184, Call
office.
WANTED — Position as porter In liquor houea.
Box 2183. Call offlc«. i
BOY wants pocltlon as paper carrier. Apply
box 2,189. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as laborer. JOHN
BROWN. 513 Union St. '
ilTUATION wanted as night watchman. 1517
Dupont street.
WANTED— Position as handy roan about
place. Address box 2169. Call office.
ELEVATOR operator wants employment
JAMES HARRIS. 744 Howard st
WANTED — A Job »n offlee boy In wholesale
house. Address box 2139, Call office.
WANTED — A Job as porter in saloon. Ad-
dress box 2133. Call office^
MAN wishes position as gardener. Box 2141,
Call office.
MAN wishes position In grocery store. . Box
2142. Call office.
BY strong young man of 26, steady work, any
kind. Address box 2143. Call office.
YOUNG man ' wants position as porter. Box
2166. Call office.
POSITION as bookkeeper. Boic 2167, Call
office.
POSITION as cook. Box 2168. Call offlc*,
WANTED— Position as barber. Box 2852 Call
office.
BOY wants work In machine shop. Box 2578,
Call orfice. :
GENTLEMAN, No. 1 waiter, desires position
In first-class clubhouse; references. 643 Geary.
STRONG boy would like Job tn country.; aga
17. Box 827. Call' efflce.
WANTED— Position it bookkeeper. Box 2C66,
Call office.
WATCHMAKER— Can also repair clocks and
Jewelry. Box 819. Call office.
POSITION wanted by first-class all-around
baker; country preferred. Box 2569, Call,
PAINTER and paperhanger with tools wants
work. Box 814. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position of any kind. 618
Union st
POSITION as a barber. Address box 253L
Call office.
WANTED — Position as hardware salesman.
Box 2567. Call.
WANTED — Exclusive agency for fir* tnsur-
ance company not represented In Lot An-
geles; responsible; highest references, ex-
perience. M. O. LOENNECKER, 729 East
Twenty-seventh St., Los Angeles, Cal.
A RELIABLE young man desires position as
stenographer and office clerk; has knowledge
of bookkeeping: 2 years' experience; Al ref-
erences. Box 2114. Call office.
DRUG clerk, young man, 7 years' experience
In this city, wants position. Address Phar-
maclst box 821. Call office.
A GOOD upholsterer and carpet layer will
work by the day or piece; phone Folsom 188
229 Eleventh st. city.
AN experienced barber shop porter (colored)
wishes position In first-class shop; also
woman wishes day's work. 1022 Jackson st.
NON-UNION carpenter wants Job; can fill any
position in trade; in town or country; wages
reasonable. Box 2190, Call. Oakland, Cal.
STRONG young man wants work as carpenter
helper or any kind of work. Box 2173, Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman — Mechanic har. I
Ing completed mechanical drawing course and
* well advanced In complete mechanical, wishes
work as assistant, tracing or details. Ad-
dress 1128 Tennessee st
CARPENTER, cabinet-maker, thoroughly ex-
perienced, good workman, steady, altfo good
draughtsman, make estimates, wants work;
$3 a day. Box 2130. Call.
A YOUNG colored man would like a place In
private family as coachman or would Ilka a
place as Janitor; can give the best of refer-
ences, liox 2007. Call.
ENGINEER wishes steady position running
dynamo, repairing; all round mechanic;. good
references. Address 316 Langton st
MAN. 26, epe&ks German, French, Hungarian.
Servian (Croatian), Slavish and English.
wants position of any kind. Box 2133. Call.
NURSES, male, requires Invalid or mental
. cases; town or country; first-class references;
thoroughly reliable. W. W., 1235 Market
SITUATION as foreman in a brick yard; have
burnt with coal, wood and oil; good refer-
er.ces. J. A. LANCE, San Jose. Cal.
GARDENER '(Dane) wants situation: best of
referencea. Address Fred Thomscn, San Mateo
Painter, paper-hanger, fttgnwrlter, wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom st; phone Mint 131.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position In
small family; good cook; wages $2 up.
FRANK. 256 CFarrell st
JAPANESE boy. 'gentle and honest wishes po-
sition as a school boy. . K. HENLY, 1752
Fillmore et , v ¦ •
FIRST-class Chinese cook/ would like a sltua-
tlon in boarding houne. '1110 Stockton «t.
ELLIS. 028 — For 2 months: very low rent for
my. handsomely furnished 6-room suite; new
buHding; all eunny rooms; elevator; free-
lights; hot water and Janitor service; grand
piano; finest marine view. .
HAIGHT. 1288. Buena Vista, cor. Cantral are.
— Elegantly furnished fiats; also unfurnished;
house has all conveniences and Is situated In
select neighborhood.
LOWER 4-room flat; furnished; yard. Particu-
lars at Regal Shoe Store.
FOLSOM. C4 7 — Four furnished rooms for house-
keeping, complete; piano.
MODERN flat, 6 rooms, bath and servant's
..room. 1932 Eddy st
SUNNY' corner flat of 6 rooms and bath; fur-
nlshed: central: $37 BO. 735 Turk st. ;
TWENTY-FIRST. S8T6— Partly furnished flat.
S rooms, bath, phone, garden; adults; $30.
FOR rent for the summer, furnished flat. 6
rooms. 85 Central ave. . .
DIAMOND. 810 — Flat of 3 sunny furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; $16. •
CAPP. 614 — Furnished 5-room flat: piano;
. cas and ccal stove. Call bet 11 and 4.
KMPI.nvMKVr WA\TKD HAI.R.
AS vakt aivl experienced Invalid attendant;
n-< nks Frc-.ich German orul English. CUR-
RIEU. DSit Howard «t,. rooal 7*.
POSITION as bookkeeiivr ami p-en^'al effi':*
man of evpertcne*'; Eteroprp.piicr: best of
oity r.-ferrnces. Box 2113." C«i. office^
AVANTHD— A podtton a* j^srinrr with a Jew-
elry cane maker. bl!l cases, pockctbooks.
etc.; jroo'l mechanic. Address box 2144. Call.
ItlCI.IAULE young ir.an. 2U, anxious to be-
wjme a. chauffeur wishes a situation with
an automobile firm. Box 2171. Call office^
ETHADY. Fober man wants worlc, private sta-
ble or teaming or choreman; city or country;
good horseman; references. Box 218T. Call.
WATCHMAN— Trustworthy elderly man v.ants
5>ositlon as watchman or caretaker of gen-
titra«n'i place. Box KJC, Call office.
POSITION— City salesman to caJl on grocers:
belt references; icoc exDerlence. ¦ Box 8"5.
Call office.
WANTED— Position as assistant engineer:
three years' experience: saber; Industrious;
Rood references. Box 25C1, Call office.
WANTED— Light work cf any kind la city by
a smnll man 50 years old; English by birth.
I^x S17. Call office. __^__
YOUNG man would like position in railroad
office as stenographer and typewriter. Bcx
_2332. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER. ccmDetent and reliable well
recommended, desires position. A. ZECHER.
C69A Ellis «t.
WANTED— Situation as salesman In a whole-
sale house. Addrets. stating wages. Box 843,
Call office. ¦
SITUATION" wanted by middle-aged man as
valet In flrst-claas private family; would
travel; reference* riven. Box 20S7. Call.
A TEMPERANCE coachman; gardener; can
milk if desired: rrivate family workj good
reference if required. 120A Eddy st. room 7.
MIDDLE-AGED man seeks to care for an In-
valid or aped person; exrerienc«d, kind, pa-
tient; wares moderate. Box 854, Call office.
RESTAURANT cashier wants position; ex-
perienced: city references; salary $35. Box
S41. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position of trust;
well acquainted with city; references given.
Box 842. Call.
WANTED — Position as maker of dry colors
for lttho and printers' ink. JOHN MAHO-
NEY. 100 Eleventh st.
SALESMAN wants offlc« line or s&eclalty or
any good proposition on commission. Box
85fi3. Call offlc*.
FIRST-CLASS picture frame worker desires
position; 7 years at last place: references.
Box 3, Call branch, 300 Hayes st
BOY of 17 wishes position as offics boy; un-
derstands bookkeeping, typewriting and pen-
manship; no experience. 187 South Park.
WANTED — Position by a fir«t-class Chinese
cook, boarding- bouse or family. Y. LIEN,
1113 Clay st.; tel. Black StiOS.
YOUNG man wishes a position as porter In
wholesale house; strong, steady and reliable;
reference and experience. Box lOS-f, Call.
YOUNG man would like position in a whole-
eale houre; office work preferred. Box 1213,
Call office. Oakland.
A BUTCHER; 10 years' experience; reliable
and steady. Address box 1216, Call office,
Oakland.
TOUNG man wishes position as bartender:
north of Market. Address J. F. L., 111A
Silver ft. S. F.
BOY wants work In wholesale house. Apply
1301 Miseion st
YOUNG man to work on bells. 1432 Mission
street
STEAM fitter wants steady Job. Apply 1309
Lnrkln st.
CRACKER baiter wants to take charge cf
shop. Apply 1310 Montgomery st.
POSITION by young man. aged 26, some, ex-
perience as Unotyplst Box 2546. Call office.
WANTED — A position an valet ROBERT
BOTLE. CIO Golden Gate ave.
MAN wants Job as bread baker. 23 Twelfth
street.
MAN wants Job driving milk wagon. . 28
Twelfth et.
MAN wants position ' as watchman. 1520
Howard et ¦> ;
WOULD like to ro "to -Japan as a first-class
coppersmith. JOHN FISHER. 1524 Mission.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Apply
100 Eleventh st ¦ ,
ELDERLY -carpenter wants work: finishing or
rough ; city or country/ ¦ Box 845, Call.
WOULD like situation as watehman from 1
a. m. on; best of references. Box 25SS. Call.
SITUATION wanted as errand boy after school
hour*. 38 Mary st
WANTED— Carpenter work. J. S. FRANS,
3«2 Minna st.
WOULD like a tilace as collector. Box 815
Call office.
STEADY reliable man desires employment of
any kind. Address G. IS.. 174. Fourth st
WANTED — Position as pantryman. Box &50,
Call office. ,* '.:
BRICKLAYER wants work: city or country;
competent man. Box 25&0, Call office,
EXPERT casollne engineer wants position;
marine licence. Box 2592, Call Office.
POSITION as furnishing goods salesman. Box
2580. Call office.
MAN wants to do tailoring. Address 2032
Sixteenth st
STENOGRAPHER, with years' experience,
wants position. Box 3545. Call.
GOOD lunch waiter wants work. O. ELLIS,
320 Kearny st
WANTED— Position as porter. Apply 617
Larkln st.
A STEADY young man wants work; is willing
to do anything. Box 1083. Call.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
3342, Call offlee. . : •-
PAINTING, iiaperhacging and tinting; have
tools and references. Painter, 42»% Castro.
POSITION as cook wanted: city hotel or
restaurant Call at 1C00 Green «t
UPHOLSTERER and mattress-maker would
ivork at private houses. Box S540, Call.
A CLERK wants a position In a store. Box
3541. Call office.
A J'KKSFEK *»nt( work In a tailor shop.
Eox 3360. Call office.
GOOD hotel porter wants work. E. LINSEY,
20 Grant ave.
POSITION as cook wsnted: city hotel or
restaurant. - Call at 1<XK> Green at.
WANTED — By competent painter, permanent
position. Address C. A. K.. 937 Folsom et
MAN wants position , at any kind of work.
Box 2339, Call office.
WANTED — A position as bookkeeper In pro-
duce house by young man. Box 2079, Call.
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wants position in city
or country. Box 2123, Call office.
WANTED — Position as barkeeper In summer
retort Bcx 2122. Call office. __^
WANTED — Position as salesman In toy house.'
Box 2083. Call office. - -. -. .
A GOOD salesman, collector, window dresser
and buolness man wants position. Box 2129,
Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as clerk In gro-
cery. Box 2120. Call office. . !
WANTED— Position as a barber. Address box
2134, Call office.
WANTED— Position as flrflt-class cook. Box
2133. Call efflce. . .
POSITION wanted as bushelman In wholesale
house. Box 72C1. Call office.-
WANTED— Position; good hand with tools; $15
per week. A. K.. 170 Perry st.
WANTED— Job as night watchman. Address
1019 Noe it
WANTED— Potltlon is ad\'ertlelngr man: first-
clan reference*.' Box 542, Call office.
A POSITION wanted as clerk In store. Box
60S. Call office.
WANTED^- Job on ranch as cook. Box 886,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cheesemaker wishes situation
In country* Address C. M., box 897. Call.
POSITION as office boyT~Addreiss f7 PETER-
SON, 719 Buch st
ERRAND boy wishes a situation. 102S Capp
etreet . . ,.;,
YOUNG man wants position as driver on de-
llvery . v/agon. Address box 604, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position .to drive wagon
la wholesale bouse. Address box 803. Call..THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, -SUNDAY,' /JUNE:. 12* 1904.
46
finny* to »,kt— Pnr» . «»i«* r»rni»-.
O'FARRELL. 1307— Elegantly furn!3hed par-
lors, with piano; also sunny rooms.
PAGE, 27S — 3-room suite, with bath adjolnins;
gas; K0.
PINE. S20— Furnished room: private family.
PO3T~2OT— Newly furnlstfed rooms for gentle-
men; baths; references.
POST. ClO'/i— Neatly furnished room: private
family.
POST, >Jt9. n<-ar Hyiie — Larjre furnished front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 g*nt3-
POST, 227X near Devisadero — Two lovely sun-
ny unfurnished front rooms; rent reaaunabla.
POWELL. SC6— Singie rooms for gentlemen.
POWELL. 1CC5 (The Virginia)— A snap; ele-
gnnt front suite, partly furnished; marine-
view; runnir.r water.
P.1PLEY. 137— A neatly furnished roora^
ROYAL Hou-ie. 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; roomst ter r.isht. 35c to $1 30; week. $3
to $8; month. $S to $3V: elevator on ground
flocr: rocms with hot and cold water; bath3.
SCOTT. 1S10 — Large, sunny., furnished room;
bath; gas; flu.
SIXTH ave., 760, near Chutes — 3 unfurnished
rooms; c!o»e to G. U. Park; $10 month. .
SIXTEENTH, 2S1U. near Folsom— FuroisheJ
room.
SIXTEENTH. 2003. near Howard— Newly fur-
n!*hed sunny rooms; reasonable.
SIXTEENTH. 2906". near Howard— Newly fur-
nished, sunny room; cheap.
STEINER, 205. corner of Waller 1 — 1 or 2 un-
furnished or furnished room*; sun all day.
STEVENSON. 6S3 — Sunny furnished room for
2 gentlemen.
SUTTER. 309 — Single rooms to rent; reason-
ably
SUTTER. 881 — Nicely furnished front rooms;
bath, phone, running water: very cheap.
SUTTER. 10C0 — Fine furnished rooms, sing!*
or en suite; location suitable for offic*.
TAYLOR, 313— $15: In town, two sunny back
rooms; regular kitchen.
TAYLOR. 515B^ — No carfare: slngis rooms. $9]
large room with piano, $12.
TEHAMA, 2J5— Nicely furnished front room,
suitable for two, to let.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049A Market st. — Susnj
rooms: hot and cold water: elevator; $3 to 17.
THE~PRESTON. 247 Larkln St.— Nloely fur-
nished, suony rooms; prices reasonable.
THE PHANDON. 119 Larkln— Nicely famished
rooms, single, en suite or housekeeping.
TURK. 816 — Flocr of 4 rooms: also sonar
single rooms; good location; near park.
TURK. 778 — A young cousls will rent tne>
prettiest sunny suite unfur., new and mod-
ern: no children; reasonable: choice location.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3174— Nice- sunny front
rooms to let.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3508. near Valencia-street
cars — Nicely furnished room to let in private
family, wl-h or without board, suitable for
1 or 2 gentlemen; call Monday.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— (0Q
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 76 to $8 week: alec-,
trie lights (no gas), running water tn every.
, room: ele/ator. read. -room: free bus: baggage^'
VAN NESSvave., 1 ICO— Furnished rooms; reas-
onable.
VINE. 1076 — Very large room; stationary stand,
bath, phone; tine location: central.
WEBSTER. 1302 — Large, furnished fr_t
room, suitable for two.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd st.. near Market—
Mott convenient and respectable: 7C0 rooms;
35c to $1 50 n!ght: $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF Hcuse. 2C2 Sixth st. — Rooms from 15o
to $1 per night and from POc to $3 per "Week.
ADVERTISEMENTS] subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CHEAPEST and beat in America— The Weekly
Call. 1G pages, sent to any address in th*
United States or Canada one year for $1.
portage paid.
ROOMS AJID BOARD.
VALLEJO. 1130. cor. Leavenworth, 1 block to
Hyde-st. cars — Beautiful newly furnished
very sunny front rooms, with first-class
board; home cocking; small private family:
refined and homelike; small garden; runnteff
water: phone; 15 minutes' ride to center of
town; terms reasonable.
FIRST-CLAS3 room and board In private fam-
ily. Address bcx 10. Call office.
THE WESTMINSTER,
614 SUTTER ST.— HANDSOMELY FURN-
ISHED" SUNNY BAY-WINDOW SUITES;
OTHER ROOMS.
FRANKLIN. 808— Elegant newly furnished
rooms, en suite or single, in private bouse;
all modern conveniences; first-class table;
choice location; central: reasonable.
ROOM and board in a beautiful country home*
for three cr four young nun; about one hour's
ride from the city: two In a room; $33 and
$40 each. Box 2564. Call office.
FILIjMORE. 1007. NW. cor. McAllister— Largei
sunny bay-window room, bath, with or with-
out board; private family.
A HANDSOME parlor suite, bath attached;
excellent board; private family. 1305 La-
guna st^
SUNNY room to tet; two single beda; good for
two friends; with or without board. 1804
Folsom st. /
GEARY. 1003 — Neatly furnished rooms, vltfc
board- home ccoklng; rear. Phone. Stztter,
1626. -
HAWTHORNE. 172, near Harrison — Pleasant
room for young lady, witb board, la prtrat*
house ; reasonable.
MARLOWC~(The). 1360 Post— Newly and •!•»
gmtly furnished rooms, single and en stittsj
table board; re— onatle: references.
PINK 1003 — New management; nicely fttr-
nishei suites and single rooms; excellent t*»
. bie; private; references. Phone) Polk 3001.
ELLIS 453— Nicely furnished, with board; t«a-
sonabte; also French table board.
FIRST st., 194 — Furnished fraat room wlt_
board If desired; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 2612 — Large, sunny front room; good
board; {40 per month; for two gentlemen.
FOURTEENTH. 84— Sunny front room, I or J.
home conven.; reaa.; with or without board.
GEARY. S01. Hotel L' Aiglon — Family rooms
and board; entirely renovated; reas. prices.
HOWARD, 841A — First-class board and room,
single or double. $5-16 wk. ; American family.
! PACIFIC ave.. 1716. ar/re Van Ne_— L*n*.
sunny rooms; use parlor; excellent board,
CHEAPEST and best tn America— Th* Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In _•
Vnttx* State* or Canada on« year for gTu
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
BOARD and suite of rooms wanted for maa
and wife; state rates. Box 2197. Call cfSc*.
UNFURNISHED room for housekeeping; cen-
tral; state price. Box 839, Call office.
WANTED — Board and room for gentleman, ft
per week. Box 806, Call office.
ST. IiOTHS BOABPnCO AJTD ROOMS.
STOP with a Callfornian while In St. Louis
and be treated like home folks; best accom-
modations; write ahead. G. B., 780 Aubert
St.. St. Louis.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th* Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
~~ ~ ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— Room cheap; yard, phone; state lo-
catron. Cox 3561. Call office. •
TYPJiWBIT— ttS AlfP SITPP— CE3.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 30. The
Typewriting Exchange, 53tf California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. _ M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters soUl renteJ. repaired.
Webster Typewriter Intpec. Co.. 60S Market-
SPECIALISTS. ~~~~~
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EAR3
positively cured: new methods: 1 week's tr«*t-
tnent fre<?. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 «tutt— st.
STlTTEUIXG AXD STAMMERIXG.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness & Market,
is taught celebrated Melbourne, system; only
Melboun _• In U. S.; private; established a
years In S. F. Tel. Mint 2t£tt from 1 to 5 (^a.
ROOMS . FOR HOIISKKt^fepiXn Con.
CEARY. .007— Nice front- ro«m. for housekeep-
_ ing ; also single room:;ne;*. -; - •
GOLDEN GATE ave., T1siT^3 large. welt- fur-
nished rooms, complete; on main. floor. -
GOLDEN GATE ave..~I529. "near Scott st.—
Floor of. 4 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent cheap, as party has to
_leave_the city. - . - ¦ - '
HOWARD. ' 535— Furnished room for house-
keeping. .¦:-¦¦• • • »o;
I HOWARD,/ 822—2 suites housekeeping rooms:
! rent ?16; also single; rent $11.
HAYES. 70C — Two sunny front rooms, unfur-
nlshed; housekeeping;, very reasonable.
HYDE, CMS — Nice sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single room. .
JESSIE, '333 — Sunny parlor, furnished house-
¦ keaping; gas range, sink, closet; $3 week.
JONES. 507, June. O'Farrell— For light house-
¦ keeping.- 2 t.retty sunny room*: also singie.
JONES. 617— Nice suite of rooms for light
housekeeping. - .
KN 1CKERBOCKER Apartments^ 1340 Plne-^-
Sunny, furnished 3- room suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted: free baths: rate $30 up.
LA BRANCH HOUSE," 1220 Powell St., corner
Pacific — Front family housekeeping rooms;
¦ also fltngle front rooms; $1 a week and up.
LAGUNA. 1507. corner Geary — Newly fur- |
nlshed, sunny room?, all connecting; bath, ;
phone; modern; private family; reasonable.
LARKIN, 819%— Furnished housekeeping
rooms, large and sunny, convenient, $10.
LARKIN. 1007. corner Poet. The Cragburn—
Sunny furnished rooms, single or en suite;
housekeeping apartments a, specialty; baths;
reduced rates for summer; ' Larkln and Sut-
ter-st. cars pass house.
LEAVENWORTH. 1110—2 sunny rooms, fur-
nished; gaa range; water; yard; cheap.
MARKET. 209S — Two large, sunny, well fur-
nished front rooms for housekeeping; $18.
MCALLISTER, 30— Sunny front room; bay
window; gas; running water; furnished suit-
able for business office; 4 carllnes within
block; other rooms furnished light housekeep-
ing; gas; water.»
MCALLISTER. 1400, cor. Pierce — Elegantly
furnished sunny comer housekeeping suites; '
electric lights, gag, bath, phone; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, IO7I—3 sunny connecting
housekeeping; complete; kitchen; gaa; all
convenience; bath; reasonable.
MINNA. 638 — Furnished rooms, light house-
keeping. - N^ '
MISSION, 2562— Nicely furnished room.
NINTH, 165— Two large furnished rooms,
complete housekeeping; . private family; gas
range; bath. .
NINTH. 155 — 2 large, furnished rooms, com-
plete housekeeping; gas range; priv. family.
NINTH. 157 — Nice sunny front room for house-
. keeping; :.:¦-..
NOE. 676 — Housekeeping ¦ rooms: furnished:
$16 and $20; use of kitchen, bedroom or par-
lor floor; gas. bath; reference required.
OAK, 10 — 2 rodms complete for housekeeping:
u»e of piano. ;~ ¦ •
OAK, 111 — Or.e large room and kitchen; gas
and. bath; complete. >
OAK. 894 — Newly furnished eunny housekeep-
ing rooms; water; laundry; bath; phone; no
children. ¦ ¦ -
O'FARRELL. 780— Sunny front housekeeping
room on corner; water; handy; gas. ¦ .
O'FARRELL." 1396 — Nicely furnished sunny
front housekeeping suite, $16.
PEARL, 8. cor. Market — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms, |14-$15; no children.
POLK, 1018— Front rooms, gas range, bath,
phone; reasonable; no objection to children.
POST. 1422^ — A eulte of large sunny porlors;
nicely furnished for. light housekeeping; also
an alcove suite very reasonable^
SACRAMBNTO, 1332 — Sunny » furnished room
with use of bath.
SACRAMENTO. 1332— Two rooms, furnished; !
bath; housekeeping. >v_ !
SECOND, 439— Sunny parlors; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; yard; children taken
also: 178 South Park, rooms.
SECOND 623 — Nice furnished room and
kitchen; middle flat; gas and coal stove.
SIXTH. 808— Large front sunny room and
kitchen for housekeeping; also single room.
STANYAN. 804. opp. Park— 3 or 4 front sunny
connecting rooms. \ ; -.
SUTTER. 1009— Elegantly furn. suite. 8 rooms;
reasonable; refs. Tel. James 1: single; $8.
SUTTER 2170—3 housekeeping rooms; fur-
nished 'or unfurnished; front side room;
¦ phone: bath.- • " - •
TAYLOR. 633— Light housekeeping rooms and
single' rooms for two gentlemen. •
Taylor. Sll — Furn. suite, gas range. ¦ water,
$12 50: 2 rooms, gas range, $10; 1 rm. $7 60.
THIRD 308— Bummer cut rates: quiet and
nice; $1 25. $2. $2 25 weekly; suite $10; an-
other $14; elegant parlors. ¦
TWELFTH.- 145— Nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms. \ .
TWENTIETH. 4231— Floor of 4 beautiful
large rooms and bath; completely furnished
for housekeeping: 2 cooking ranges (gas and
coal)! telephone; fine view; healthy location;
small private family; no children.
TWENTY-FIRST. 2944— Large corner furnish-
ed bay-window housekeeping rooms.
VALENCIA 009 — Nicely furnished sunny al-
cove- suite' and kitchen;' gas range; bath; no
!. children. . . ' •¦ ' ¦
VALENCIA. ,1033 — 3 large sunny furnished
rooms; coal . and gas stove; bath; yard. .
i VALENCIA, 1057— Nicely furnished room with
: mo of bath.. * " . . .. .f
VALENCIA. 1223 — Nicely furnished room to
let in private family.
VAN' NESS ave.," 1004 — 2 large sunny newly
papered rooms; new carpets; gas range;
bath. .-¦--¦ ¦¦ ¦
APARTMEHT HOUSES.
A— EL DRISCO APARTMENTS*
COR. PACIFIC AVE. AND BRODERICK ST.;
3 4 AND 5 ROOMS. FURNISHED OR UN- |
FURNISHED; COMMANDS AN UNSUR- ,
PASSED VIEW OF THE ENTIRE CITY.
OCEAN AND BAY; YOUR INSPECTION
SOLICITED: BEST OF REFERENCES RE-
QUIRED. MRS. N. FOSTER. LESSEE.
ST.CECILK -115 Fell.above Van Ness ave. — The
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-roora apartments, with private baths,
steam heat, eleetrlc light. elevator, gas rang**;
$30. $36, $37, $40, $46. $47 50. $50. $35.
EL CAMELLO. 1719, Washington— 2 to 0 room!
apartments, newly, furn. or unfum.; sunny; ]
moderate. ¦ ' -
BENTON <TheV833 Octavla., opp. a beautiful 1
park' — 2 and 3 room apts., with alt mod. con-
veniences; special reductions for summer mo.
A— Whltefleld, 1228 McAllister: elegant; sunny
, unfurn. apartments; very desirable; adults.
OCTAVIA. 142*— Most select apartment house
in city; 3-4 rooms: elegantly furnjshed; reas.
ELLIS, 322 — Modern sunny flats.- 3 to 6 rms.,
bath, closet, furn. handsomely ; also It. hkpg.
ROSSWELL. 1360 Pine. • nr. Hyde— Smartly
fuml . (new) ¦ sunny 2-3-4-room apartments.
8T. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms: furn. or unfurn.: refs. -Tel. East 1350.
APARTMENTS TO -ET— TUBHISHIIP.
THE LORENZO, 41 Octavla St.— Lowest rates
for best accommodations; $25 to .$35 for
handsomely- furnished, very cheerful suites;
all conveniences; all light rooms. ..
ROOMS , TO LET~-Fnrn. and Cntnra.
HOTEL REX,
212 : TURK ST.. -SAN FRANCISCO.
PHONE PRIV. . EX. 660.
V * * NEW FIRE.PROOF BUILDING, ¦
" -158 ROOMS; ELEGANTLY FUR- x .
NISHED SUNNY SUITS, WITH ?
. ¦¦¦.-¦- .'.PRIVATE BATH: ALSO SIN.GLE
ROOMS; THOROUGHLY HOD-
-". ERN AND UP TO DATE; TELE-
, PHONES IN ALL ROOMS: ELEC- .*.
TRIC LIGHTS; STEAM HEAT.
. ELEVATOR SERVICE DAY AND NIGHT.
¦ SPECIAL RATES TO TOURISTS
AND TRAVELING SALESMEN.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
116 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
. MOST MODERN AND (UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 ROOM3; 35 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE I BATH? ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM - HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE 'IN EVERY ROOM:
SUITES WITH BATH. $1 60 TO $2 BO PEil
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS.' 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY. AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. ¦¦."¦¦/; . ,
ALDINE. 404 Turk— 2 Sunny front rooms. $10
and $12; one $6; running water In all..
_^^^^>1^DICAL^Contjlinii»«K^^^ .
i DH. G. W. O'DONNELL — All w'hoe'r* elck or
in trouble conrult this *peciallet on female
<f>n;pin!rii«; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nai-' helptd; the mw difficult cases treated;
a.1\ire (rte. Office, 101S Mark't st.
¦ SPECIALIST for"wom«n; DR. R. H. WES-
TON, office 305 Kiarr.y *t. ; hour», 10-4.. 7-8:
consv.lt m graduate physician; It pnyn; ir>-cru-
larKU-s relieved ; safe, cure and- confidential.
1 Dr*. Goodwin. 7X1 Turk, above Van Nes* — Ex-
pert In obstetrics, female complaints; ln«t.
relief; treatment $10: hours 10 to 5;23 yrs.ex.
MRS. D. AIXEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladlf* 1
•Tcciallst; a private heme before and during
: conrlnemcnt: be*t medical cart; .low fees. ,
i MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premise*. Is permanently located at 511 A
Leavenworth r'... bet. Geary and O'KarTell.
LADIES— Kumround; safe. sire, never falls;
$2. Oleavon-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny &5!«_>*'
MATERNITY Villa — Secluded; confidential.
: DR. EMILIA FCNKE. 141C8th st-. Alameda.
• DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom et.. corner
2fith; ladles, relief or no fee; $10. -. . '
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
CHEAPEST and best in America—The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in . the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MIXES AXD MIXI JIG
MINING engineer. 20 years' experience, 7 in
Mexico, with highest credentials as to ability
. and successful or« ration of «ome of the larg-
| e»t Mexican mlr.es. best «lty references as a
I man and miner, wishes to communicate with
parties who will tend him to Mexico for the
purpose of inspecting an.i bonding mines; Is
thoroughly conversant with the country and
ix^ople. Box 21 SS. Call. ¦ ¦.-¦.¦ .
I A SNAP — Chance to obtain Interest In deyel-
j oped cystem of mines ready, to operate:
; quantities excellent gold ore ready for mill
• nearly cornpletedA amounts to' suit prompt
buyers v.-hlle they last: handsome Income as-
sured; worthy your prompt ' investigation.
Call earijr cr write Secretary, room 6, 4CS
Moatgomsry st. . : -.
t WANTED — A Roinp gold quartz mine for
which c3*h will be paid. Addrees box 874,
Call office. ' ' -- I
MISCELLAXEOl'S — FOIi SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MclN-
TOSH &. WOU'MAN. 105-197 Fremont st,
¦ STANDARD oil rlir. fully equipped; and 1300
j le*t of casing. 11% tn. to 7% In.; also 1600
! fe«t o' 8 and *! Inch drive pipe. Apply for*
particulars GAFFiSY _ MAHON. 606 Call-
l&rnla st. - v . •
. DCE3 TOUR UOOF LRaV?
Repair It witb, rlat'rlte; in rolls easy to lay; I
1 m «fis no painting or coating; good over old
i iron, tin or shirclrs: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ItOC'FIXG CO.. 713 Market at,
! FOR **>. cheap for cash. H. & B. transit and
lev«J combined hlghpower telescope; original
' cost $258: also l8-1nch Y level. Oil or ad-
I Ureas CHARLES H. HOLCOMB. City Engl-
j neer's office. City Hall.
. COLUMBIA records, 20c; Edison or Lambert,
4t>c: disc?. 7 in. 40c, M In. <icc 10. .n H»s:
I photo supplies 20 to 75 per cent off: selling
out. SCHAEFER. 40 Ellis St.. room 56.
2D-HAND machlnerj-. engines, boiler?, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc, bought sold,
r«nt«l and exchanged; nee Sunday -papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
; reefs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
! to stop nil !eaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front st. : tel Main 1428. .
j FOR sale — Complete s«t of castings with
] working drawings for automobile engine
I (gasoline) or finished engine furnished. Ad-
| drers box 50. Call of flee, ¦ Alameda. • '
I _
! H. B. SMITH morticer. heavy Fay gig saw; S
epindle burring machine, heavy; 10 spindle
burring machine. Berkeley Planing Mill.
Berkeley.
i A^FINETsutts. $7 50; dress pants. $2 60. Orig-
| lr.a! Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st.,
I near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, eells or rents gear machinery, en- i
gines. boilers, water pipe, rhaftlng pulleys, 1
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
'¦ A— 50 BARRELS of bonded whisky for sale;
small or large lots. United Loan and Trust
j Co., 21 St<vkton st. '
j LAYING duck* and hens, g'ese. chicks, lncu- j
hators. brooders, barn and fixtures for sale; ;
j rent reasonable. 6435 Telegraph ave.. Oakland. 1
H. B. Smith mdrtlce heavy Fay gig saw. & spin- >
die burring machine, heavy; 10 spindle bur- 1
ring machine. HerkeleyPlanlngMUl, Berkeley. ¦
I GENTS' full dr«ss. Prince Albert and Tuxedo I
rults to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 ¦:
Stockton st. !
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on :
small weekly payments. United Loan and i
: Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
' moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St.,
I upstairs.
' ALTERATION sale— Best |2 50 hats, $1 50.
I Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st_. near
Pine; or«n to 9 p. m. : Sundays to noon.-
; THY our men's shoes at $1 and 91 SO pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we . pay express ,
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free. ]
! SECOND-HAND sealeklns, old gold and dla- I
; monds bought; send postal; will call. New !
Municipal Loan Office. 617 Washington st.' 1
I BLACK and white male cocker epanlel; and
black female; 6 months old; fcr sale; $30.
738 Hyde St.. near Sutter.
1 _— _ _____ .
' EIGHT ten King long focus camera and case,
new; also five elghi camera and case; both
i cheap. Box 2559. Call.
! PIPE. 2nd-hand. 3, 4 and 6 Inch, for water
I works. Irrigating or oil plant*. THOMPSON.
; 40 Main st.
': L'N'TIRE line of ladies' tailor suits and Jack-
I eta at factory prices. 49 McAllister St.,
< room 1.
• FXASTIC stockings, $ 2. Factory. 40 Ellis st.
PRINTERS — Presses for sale from $73 up; also
type and material. HOAG, 513 Market st.
I VIOLINS. vloUa. 'cellos; difficult repairing;
bow rehalring. L. Dowe, 115, St. Ann's bldg.
; FOR sale — Elegant e'.ectrlc bath cabinet; rftas-
i enable. Electric Works. 227 Ellis st.
j 2% H. P. DK DION bike motor; record break-
er; cheap; caH b-.t. 11 _ 3, Mon. 619 McAllister.
1 1
; FOR sale — Ore ladlen' bicycle; used but short
j time. Apply at 2S72 Twenty-second st.
: THREE fresh Jersey cows; Al mllchers; $30
I and * 40 each. Sam Aftergut, 4301 Mtssion.
• LAUNCH hunting cabin for sale. C A. Mc-
XEAL LAUNCH CO.. foot Clay. St. ¦ ,-
i GAS engine, 6 hp. Bay City Iron Works, Oak-
! land. . ¦.:¦->• :
J YOUNG thoroughbred fox terrl-r for sale. S07
J Liberty st. • .
! FOR sale — New milk fine breed goat. Call 1B3
Day st.
_____ __ — __
?20 GO-CART fcr $7. S822 Nineteenth st.
A YOST No. 4 typewriter for ; $50; good as
new^ 310 Pine st.. rooms 26.' . ¦ '.
I FOR sale— 2 genuine Holsteln and Jersey' cows
¦ and heifers. 407 Eureka st. • . ' . ;
; A WINDMILL and 5000-gallon ¦ tank for rale
j or exchange. 2916 Clay et. .
FOP. tale — A good baby carriage. 415 Clemen-
tlna st. ¦ . .
FOR sale— At 558 Fourth St., 10x12 wall tent,
bicycle and saddle. , ¦ , - - , - ¦ ;
A BARGAIN: 7-inch three-tone steam siren;
good as new. Box 2072. Call office. ' f
FOR sale, cheap — Carpenter's . and plumber's
1 toots, floor trucks and tracks. 9B3 Howard St.
Derk sale this week only. 20 per cent off regu-
lar prices. Richardson Bros., J8HS Market. St.
FOR sale cheap— 1-year-old genuine . BL ¦ Ber-
nard dog at 1000 San Bruno road. - -
' BEST white lead 7c per pound; J to -painters
i I less. BUTCHER. 741 Mission st. .
• i AWNINGS, tents.new.second-hand." SUN TENT
I & AWNING CO.. 42 Spear St.; tel. John 6488.
• TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
: TENT - AWNING Co..35 Mkt.Tel.Bush 858.
PIG EONS— All the leading varieties; stamp for
j catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
voln. KING'S. Cl McAllister St.. nr. Market.
; I EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Baclgalupl,
mcv^ to 780 Mission st.
• ROUND camping tents. for sale; cheap; som*
1 new; 1Cx16. 319 Third et.: tel. Main 413.
. AKK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
• makes. ALEXANDER _ CO., 110 Montg'y.
SAFES : and earn regleterF.'- new and ¦ second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market St.-.
', SOME Rood oecond-hanrt gasoline engines,' 1". to
_'_ n - P-. cheap. _. B. Beck & Co.f 122 Mkt.
• EAKEfi— yew an<1 second-hand. THE'HER^
• MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery, st- ; - •
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns.' sale, rental;
' bargains. Dullard & Breck. 131 Post st. t . ;...
1 SAFKS— New and second-hand. .. E.. B .BECK
' & CO.. 1— Market st- .;..¦¦ .-.-. ¦ - c '. .
[ GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, .40 Fremont et. .
HOUSES FOR SALK.
FOR tale — 3-r.x>m house; improvements: lot 25
xJOO fe«t; S'jn«rt district; price $1300. Owner.
•*<jx 2OU5. Call olt!ct. ' ,'¦.-"
HOUSKS^ WASTBU.
WANTED— S-room modern house: north of
P1n<» *t.. west of Van N«fs ave.. from July
nr later: te*»ont1ble tenant. Address box
aici Cai*korricf. ¦
« '
iioiijEs xsn^XGOxs.
FOR sale — Gentleman's driving team: bay;
15%; hanfis high; have won num.roin first
pnres In the East: are perfectly matched and
not afraid or cars or automobiles.
They may Iw s*en at the stables of Dr. I. B.
DALZIEL, COS Golden Gate ave.
FOR «ale— Team rrf youn-r chunky black
znares suitable for Udy or doctor: work
single' and double. Apply between 9 and 10.
I>r W L. Williamson. veier»n«u-ian, Mar-
kst asd Valencia sta.
WANTED— Oood roadster: must travel In 3
minutes: weight I low; not over 1 years;
C«nU« for woman to Urtve. Address A. C.
K-, 208 Vickaburr st.
FOR sale — Pacing mare. |175: 7 years old. very
fast: gentle la every respect; safe for wo-
man to driT#; will go double. For partlcu-
!«n afldrega box 960. Call.
3 FIXE larse l:on»«. 8*3 years old; weight
1400 poumle and 1700 pounds e&ch; perfectly
tr.aUfc»3: also others; open to-day. Sunday.
ISM Fblsam st_, between 14th and 15th.
A. TWO carloads gentle draft horses. MOO to
1«00 pounds, at FRED M. CHASS _ CO.'S.
1752 Market st.
HXTRA fine oamp wagon for eale, with para-
phernalia: a!so 10 work and 3 driving
horrfs. 875 Fclsczn ef-
AVCTTON sale every Tueeday: horses, wag-
ons, surreys, buggies, carts end harness; at
114O Fcltore tt_
FINE riT«r bottom pasturage: gre«i feed year
round: near Black DUmond. Cor.tra Costa
County. Nucleus Ptsbles. 190 Stevenson. S. F.
FOR u'.e— Bay rr.ar- 8 years old; height 18.1:
weighs 1180: s.<ucd and gentle; suitable for
doctor. Aulrefs 327 Franklin Et.
BAY team sound jcung horaee. by Silverbow;
well matched; price *300. 225 Tehama st_,
n^ar Tliird.
A OOOD ccntie Tryn»s far sale; works single or
double cr in V"j;?£r ar.3 a top dragon. C6
Webster St.
g-YEAB-OIJ} "nor?". poe? tn harness or saddle.
W. L. I'lUCJS. Tribune ofnVe. Oakland.
FOR sale — 5-yrar-oM mare; well tiroken:
weight 1100. 1507 Mission.
A FIRST-CLASS saddle hors* for asJe; gentle
«nd suitai'.e fcr a lady. Box 688. Call.
FIND lixjkinjr bugxy horse. S years old: good
trotter. J. STIIAUB. 630 Market st-
FOR saJe— A fine saddle horse for 9<5. Box
POO. Call office.
PIANO box bUKcy ter sale. TJox 6C3. Call.
LIGHT, cushion-tired read buggy for sale; In
good order. Box 5SS, Call office.
935— HIGH hugg.v: rood condition. At
JOYCE'S Btable. 7?1 Valencia nU
TOG'S O. gentle horse, about 1300. well broke,
for «Rle. Grocery. Green and Larkln sts.
FOR. sale — Horse, harness and double-seated
country buscy; 9T'5. 2olS Grove st.
CAMP wacoa for hire. Apply 1421 Buchanan
etrwt.
FCR sale — Two second-hand platform sprinu
wagons and one truck. 233 Beale «t.
NEW and er^ond-hand wagons, all kinds, at
I'.'.Tj Market «i.. opp.. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys", bugpies. wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
IXVE$TME\TS.
GOOD investment — A limited number of shares
at 35c per share; this ttock will be worth
one dollar fll) per share w:tmn a year; call
or write Osceola Mining and Development
CompfcTir. 414 Cros*l«y building. S. F.
JEWELRY, WATCHES. ETC.
A— *i-kt. DIAMOND. $35; a bargain. MIL-
TON JEWELRY CO.. 257 Sixth st.
LOST AXD FOOD.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
%O<1 Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
raarae of JAMES CARTER. No. 272-851. The
tinder will please return to bank. #
LOST — June Cth. near corner Filbert and Brod-
orick. keyston* Masonic breastpin; suitable
reward. 2710 Filbert st.
LOFT— A lady's gold watch. iniUals R. H..
i>etw<-»n Third and Folaom. Kearny. and
Gtary; rewsnl. 52 Gesxy st.
PHRENOLOGICAL delineation lost at Glen
Cove. June 5. Address 2, Grace Terrace;
reward.
LOST — At EscclJe station. leather crip. Re-
turn to agent at LarkFjmr; reward.
FOUND — On Market «t., Saturday night, a
purse containing money. Box 3j«>2. Call.
FOUND — A fox t*rr!*>r <Jojr; can cet earae at
Hle*k jftmtt. SausaUto. <~. A. IWLLtrTTE.
£aV_CHES 7Om HXttE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for ptem-ure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. JTIcr.aelis I-aunch Co..Ur.ion-et. Wharf; boat-
ing A excursions. *> tsteuart rt. : tel. John 26X6.
MATKITKONIAX,.
WIDOWER, 41 (one child 14 years oid). a
home-loving man. s >o>i trao>, would like to
:aeet lady who would be a neat housekeeper
ant! lovtng wife and make home happy lor
iiim: object matrlmcuy. Box 749, CnJl office.
A WIDOW of S3. no lncumbrar.ee, good health,
aflectionate disposition. ?p*-al:s 3 languages,
would like to meet a gentleman who would
appreciate a kind an<5 loving wile; object
matrimony. Box CG2, Ca'.l office.
A REFINED lady of S3, widow, no lccum-
brance. well educated, healthy, would like
tlie acquaintance of a gentleman who is de-
sirous of a good wire; object matrimony.
Hok 600, Call office.
A PLAIN young lady, fond of good company,
19 years oid, a kind disposition, would like
to correspond with a good and honorable
gentleman; ofcject matrimony. Box &86,
CaJl office.
GENTLEMAN. 24 years old. light blue eye*,
black hair, height .'. feet 8 Inches, has good
pot-itlcn. would like to correspond with young
lady: object matrimony. Box KH), Call.
YOUNG mechanic of S2 would like to make
the acquaintance of respectable, young lady,
with view to matrimony; Klve description.
Boa- 229. Call office.
A TOUXG man. 25. good position in Govern-
ment employ, would like the acquaintance of
a young lady; object matrimony. Box 2198,
OaJl office.
HANDSOME, educated young man. hoMIng r»-
. sponsible position, desires acquaintance of
educated working lady. AJd. box 887, Call.
LADY. 43 years old. blue eyes and light hair,
would like to correspond with a gentleman;
object matrimony. Box K)S. Call office.
GENTLEMAN. H2. tall. steady ponition,
wishes to meet widow, or lady about 25; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 2S9fc, Cal. office.
A WIDOW. 41, educated and refined, would
like to meet a gentleman matrimonally In-
clir.ed. Bcx 25C2. Call office.
MEDICAL. ~~'
A— DR. f?YLVESTER. Office, 219 Kearny st.
SPECIALIST FOR WOMEN
IS years' (-xperience without a failure.
Ladles suffering from irregularities or any
ailment peculiar to women, save time and
money by consulting me first. My method of
treatment i* ONLY CERTAIN and HARM-
LESS cure KNOWN t<» medical science and
I POSITIVELY GUARANTEE IMMEDIATE
RELIEF from irregBlarities from whatever
caune or MAKE NO CHARGE. If others fall
to cure jcu come to me at once. ONE VISIT
WILL EE SUFFICIENT and I Win help you.
Advice fi«e. Interviews strictly private All
Inters answered truthfully. CUT THIS OUT
Hour* 3 a. m. to 0 p. m. Open Kundays."
LADIES' irregularities cured; 1ft . years' «: ¦
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 21!> Kearay rx.'.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; rcy method*
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant -fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VIO3 FREE; 17 rears* experience In all f*-
rv.ale <Ji«order*:> call or write. DH. WHITE,
702 Market • tt., rcoms 7 end 8.
MllS. DR. WVETH. epectalUt for all female
ormr/!a!r.U and Irregularities; isttant relief
roaranlccd: 30 j ears' 'experience. 826 Post st
ilKS. DR. ICOUL. reliable sjwciallst for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lU-f guarantied. IO0S s 4 Market st.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAITS IVmale pill*; !*•« regulating pills
sold; price $2 &0 by express. Pasteur" •*
tyrinfre'&nd tablet*; price *5. By rxprecs
«rly on r*e«rlpt of price./ OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggist*.* Seventh ana
Broadway. Oakland.
I MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — Ton.
i ¦> ¦ ¦
| 91i:5 — STT3T.NWAY upright: private party, no
reasonable rat-h offer,, refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on 95 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEOAL Stelnway up; Chickering baby grand;
.Shonir.rjer. little used. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell.
«•»- i«'i« kj» ' a\o MiiKi..* •» «• v.ki r.
i CENTRALLY located, rear Palace Hotel: half |
i store with desk, etc. ; low rent. Box 870, |
I Call office. ' j
I A SUITE of i office rooms, large, sunny, on
1 Sacramento st., near Montgomery. Apply
I to WE1SSBEIN BR©3. Ss CO. -
CHURCH. 1300— Fine store; 5 " rooms, bath.
gas; large yard: stable; cheap. — -, ¦
STORE to let. vacant June 15. 1201 Butter St..
on 8 door above Polk. ¦ ' - ¦
CHEAP— Half store to let: basement to let;
desk room to let. 157 New Montgomery et.
STORE and 4 rooms; modern. 3S08 " Seven-
teenth st.. near Sanchez.
FINISHED basementTwith sidewalk elevator.
I 57G-S Valencia st., nr. Sixteenth: reasonable
1 ~~ *~*~~~~~~~— — —^—^»^—^~~"~~~~~"
' PERSONALS.
A. B. BARNES. MEDICAL DIRECTOR.
L. I. MATHER. Secretary.
WILLOW BARK SANITARIUM
(Incorporated).
Treat all liquor and drug addictions
! by the best known methods,
j We do not agree to effect a cure in three
days. By giving a systematic treatment we
build up the system, while effecting the cure,
by which v.e naturally obtain the best results.
We do not claim to perform miracles,
BUT DO CLAIM TO CURE.
! We have a beautiful and well-furnls^ed home
for all private patients. Call or write for
' booklet. Address for partfculars — •
' 812 Shotwell n**,^ near Twenty -second.
I Tel White 3691. San Franci3C0. Cal.
! MEXICAN gentleman with some means about j
• -to vi3lt the fair at St. Louis and from there j
make a tour of Old Mexico, wishes acquain- :
1 tance of lady with some means; one who 1
{ understands Spanish or willing to learn; ob-
; Jeet matrimony. Box 892, Call office.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
I rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
i sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
1 over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
; by ROW ELL _ BROWN. 32 Turk st,, 1. F.
j A NEW METHOD— Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my method; magnetic
! massage by appointed graduate, old school;
1 strictly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSER,
' G37 Bush at., apt. 300; phone Front 87.
! THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, stops faliing.cures dandruff 1
I and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness; j
cleanses scaip;at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac- I
rept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1333 Poik. ;
! A REFINED, educated young lady would like
to meet a refined, cultured gentleman of
means; no objection to widower; object mat-
i rlmony. Box S57, Call office.
i A MAN dotng business for himself, has a good
' home, ase 43, would like to correspond with
lady under 40; Klve particulars in first let-
j ter; object matrimony. Box 2581, Call.
j Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
I *kln, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
' skilled speciallKt from Europe. Apply Central
' Pharmacy. 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varicocele,
etc.; easily worn; $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary. S.F.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
. OLD carpets of all kinds woven into beautiful j
and durable rugs; any size desired. Phone I
Red 7122 The Oakland Fluff Rug Factory,
862 Market st.. Oakland. Cal..
ALL sralp diEeasei;. eczema, falling hair. etc..
cured; shampooing; manicuring; corns and
bunions treated. Dunlap Institute, 50 Geary. ,
j A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
; 91 a week. LEON LEMOS, 1127 Market St.,
I between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
, Tailor, 721 Market st. .
YOU can buy 9"5 worth of furniture for 97 50
down and SI 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post, near Powell.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by «lec-
trlc needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers.ll70 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit 97 50; dress pants 92 50. j
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actlna restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and '
I catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
! MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3C9 Sut-
1 ter, r. 600. Miss. Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books.' wigs;
j country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO..733 Mkt.
i ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
1 * balr to its natural color: 91 at all druggists.
; PALMISTRV.X.
A— MME. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
; from East. 510 Eddy at.; phone Polk 4011.
j MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classed.
MME. DEVAS. palmist and astrologer. Llebes
building, 139 Post St.; hours, 10 to 5.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
j JPATEJTTS.
INVENTIONS patented^ F. P. MEDINA, at-'
torney-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
i 'PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C, C. O' DONNELL^Of flee and~restdence
: 1021 M Market »t., bet. 6tn and 7th; partlcu-
I lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073^ Market at.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body: for
: past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
f cated at C63 Geary St.. near Leavenworth. ' '
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
' WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor^- All dla-
! eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
I ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.^
' ARDELL, 15 Page — 8 furn. housekeeping rms.;
i lower floor; yard; sink; gas; 93 week.
! BRYANT, 421— One or two nicely furnished
j sunny rooms for housekeeping.
BUSH, 855 — Two to 4 furnished housekeeping
rooms: rent low; also single rooms; central.
BUSH, 1423A— Unfurnished front room and
regular kitchen; reasonable.
•CALIFORNIA, 12C4— 2 or 3 nice sunny rooms;
running water: very convenient; Nob Hill. 1 .
CALIFORNIA. 1304— Eunny front bay-window '
room _ kitchen,' connecting; reas. ;no chlld'n. \
j CALIFORNIA, 1516— Newly furnished, . sunny
j alcove suite with kitchen; private.
i CALIFORNIA. S031— Three sunny rooms, nlce-
I ly. furnished for housekeeping; gas range;
I . garden. ¦
! CAPP, 767 — Two elegant sunny front rooms;
; gas range, running water, bath. .
CASTRO, 231— Nicely furnished sunny front al-
: cove suite; light housekps.; running water.
CENTRAL ave., Halght— 2 or 3 sun-
¦ ny unfurn. rooms in up-to-date flat; running
water; phone & bath; adults; refs.reae.
CHESTNUT. 293. North Beach— Bun and view;
! good quiet place; housekeeping. \
CLAY. 1429— Largo front room with small
connecting kitchen; first floor; yard.
I CLAY, 1410— Three rooms for housekeeping;
(' superior furnishing and locality; yard. .^_-
CLAY. 1518 — Clean, sunny connecting ..rooms
for. housekeeping; gas range; bath; choice
location. . ;
DEVI8ADERO. 513—2 large front unfurnished
i rooms for housekeeping. '. -
DEVISADERO. 1408— 2* newly furnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny.
j DIAMOND, 810 — 3 sunny furnished housekeep-
' ins: rooms. $10. : .
EDDY; 210— Elegantly furnished double room,
light housekeeping man and wife; also single.
EDDY. B23 — Two furnished front rooms for
housekeeping; running water. • w ¦ «.
EDDY, 033— Nicely furnished or unfurnished
t-room apartments; bath; phone; private
residence; reasonable. ¦ . - . ¦
EIGHTH. 10H— Housekeeping rooms furnished;
bedroom and kitchen. ...
ELLIS. 613— Two ' extra nice sunny rooms for
. . housekeeping; first tloor; private family. \
ELLIS. 11C8 — Housekeeping and slnglo rooms,
. bath; laundry; all conveniences; reasonable.
: FELL. 120-^-Sunny housekeeping rooms; bath,
'. gas, phone, running water. "• • :¦,*;•"
! FIRST ave., 800, . corner McAllister — 4 5 rooms
j furnished t or unfurnished for . housekeeping.
i FOLSOM, 2612. near. Twenty-second— 2 unfur-
1 'nished: sunny' front rooms; gas; bath; rea-
i sonable. . ¦¦ .
GEARY, 777 — Sunny housekeeping rooms; large
I and airy; nicely furnished; reasonable.
• •i < « »•? t • \»?n».*» f'»h *»»»¦•_-••«•• j
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY - CO.. 130-132
Becle *t. ¦ . .-..-.
BOILERS.
10. 51x16 . return tubular boilers, complete:
'each ..¦ 9;»50
10 48x16 return tubular boilers, complete:
each $300
7 • 42x12 return , tubular boilers, complft*:
each ' 9,200
0 30x12 return -tubular boilers, complete:
each $130
4O.H- P. fire box boiler, complete J250 .
23 H. P. flro box' boiler, complete $150
20. vertical. boilers, from .2 1I*P. up. from.?20 .
5 marine boilers, from 0 H. l\ up. from.550 ,
These boilers are 'fitted with brand new i
brass fittings and arc all tested to 1U0 lbs |
hydraulic pressure.
-j . - - ..... ENGINES.
14x20 Meyers automatic cutoff *3oO
12x24 Meyers automatic cutoff $250
10x16 plain slide vavle vertical S"00
10x11 Ball automatic horizontal ." J275 .
0x12 Ball automatic horlrontal $2ii0
10x12 Chandler-Taylor, plain H"»
40 H. P.. Westlnghouse engine; old type.. $75
0x8 Ohmen vertical. Al ?50
-. 7x7 -Byron Jackson automatic $ 100
6x8 plain slide valve $?5
C'H. P.' steeple compound, marine 5w
. And' many others.- Theso are fully equipped
and ready to run. We prove it to you here. ,
PUMPS. !
3 compound duplex pumps, large: each..*o(w'
• 2 Dow circulators for water work3: each.5.»<0
6 Worthlngton - duplex boiler feeds; each..S;<0
14 Hooker pumps, all sizes, from 9-0
These pumps when turned out here are as
good as when the/ left the makers' shop.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Centrifugal pumps, nil sizes: gravel pumps, j
J sinkinc pumps, mining lioUtr., cable, etc.,. |
etc : air drums, comcressors, etc.
A complete wator works. Babeock-Wlleox
boilers'. Worthinffton pumps, 12 miles pipe.
gate valves, tanks, etc.. etc., list on flle.?5000
H. S.> WHITE Machinery Co.. 130-132 Beale. [
FOR saIe-^A~rnodern -up-to-date National Cash '
Register for Bale cheap. Inquire the Right- j
way Shoe Co., 612 Market et. j
— ~~~—~~~~- — — ¦— — — ~~~~~~~~~*~~ff |
' MISCELLAMCIOys WAKTS. j
BIG prices paid for old gold. BeaUklns, dla- '
I monds gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 26 1
, Stockton st.
j WANTED — Gold scales.' books on assaying. '
; mineral ¦ specimens, assay outfit or part. Call ;
Mon. or write Miner, 101 New Montgomery. |
I WANTED— Good second-hand kodak; Eastman j
: preferred; state particulars. x Party desiring
! to sell communicate with box 2149, Call. j
WANTED— Second-hand motcr In good order;
1 to 2>£ hp. Address Box 2.101, Call office.
WAITED— Old gold and sliver. O. NOLTE, '
i jeweler and watchmaker. 248 O'Farrell st._ ,
WANTED — Male jiup, half fox Rnd bull ter-
rier. Call or address E. J. S.. 1749_Fulton. j
WANTED — Oil tank and oil drums. * Address •
JAS. W. S1LVA, Alameda. Cat., box 75.
WANTED— Frrmll • rooming-house ; must be ;
chtap. Box S47, Call office. j
WANTED — By reliable party, gasoline launch '
to run on shares. Address box 2172. Call^ i
WANTED— Us*'' of piano for storage; best of
care taken. Box 882, Call office. j
WANTED-^To buy necond-hand waffle Irons |
for. waaron. Box 2070. Call office. |
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladiee* and ]
gents' castoff clothing: postal. 9« Folsom.
HIGHEST pr!ce~pald for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis 825; 050 Sacramento at.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; tel. Jessie 2SJ1.
DESKS: bought, sold and exchanged. T. D. ,
McCarthy Co.. 782 Mission: phone Bush 467. :
SHOES wanted; misfit & castoff: highest prcs.; i
new and 2d-hand shoes for bale. 749 Mtssion st. .
MOSEY TO LOAN.
AAA^HERMAN MURPHY ~
« 601-U02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
- Save expenses by dealing directly.
- Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter- ,
i ests; assignments of rents; property in trust, .
etc. , ' legacies, life estates and undivided In- i
; terests in property purchased. I
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
! 1st. 2d or 3d •
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
j. or country.
I Low rate of interest.
I ¦ Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
Location, etc.
Box -tOO. Call office. , |
| LOWEST -BANK RATE.
I Any amount; first and second mortgages, '
estates In probate, undivided Interest In
I estates, assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of Interest. ' I
RIVERS BROS., 205 Montgomery st. |
AAA — Interest 6 per cent (read Sunday papers).''
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK j
...City, Oakland, Town, Country Property... I
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (city agents). j
107-8-9-11 Crocker building— Post-Market sU. j
SALARY LOANS— :
Money .loaned salaried people without eeeur. ¦
Ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
! ANY. amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 68 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st. j
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market: tel. Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds jewelry, sealskins '
I and valuables, our flreproof.vault Is protect-
: ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
I LOAN OFFICE.' 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484. I
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in
46 principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton .
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew. ;
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month; j
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484. -.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no -commission; no publicity; 925 up; quick
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery St., rm. 7.",-
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver, i
. diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought '¦
! at W. J, HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict ¦
; privacy: no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building, i
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to'
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. i
bid; Oakland office. 1103& Brdwy.. suite 1-2. '
; MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
I LOANS FROM 91 TO 910,000.
1 TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
< ture. - Indorsed notes and other security. S.
| F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg. •
MONEY loaned on- salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and '
Trust . Co.. 21 Stockton st. ;
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent '
rqo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny. !
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual "|
Savings Bank building. 708 Market St. j
1%'PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com. '
I charged. ELFVINO. 016 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser ' MORET-L. fiOfl Examiner building. ,
j na^^^fy_^^AI^JIXST^IJUBtnE^jg.
ALL UPRIGHTS. '
Neubert. new 9250. now 960.
Fischer, new 9325, now 985.
I Hertz, new 9300. now 967.
Russell, new 9385. . now 9135.
I Colby, new |125, now 9180.
1 2 Chickerlngr, new 9450, now $100, 1133.
a Stelnways. .new 9575. $750. now 9183. 1328.
Heine, new 9575, now 9333. , 1
And.' 60 others; squares for next to nothing; !
rents 92 up: Installments 94 up; old organs
or pianos taken in exchange; tuning 92. fin-
est workmanship. HEINE PIANO CO, 233-
237 Geary St.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
AAAAA — FINE assortment of second-hand up-
rights from 940 up. Including such makes as !
Chickering. ¦ Vose. Stelnway, Steck Knabw.
Mathushek. Sterling, Curtaz. Erard and
many others on", easy payments. BENJ. '
CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farroll st. j
A SENSATIONAL 'fire — Storage pianos and
furniture . will be removed to North Beach
and burned if: not sold in a few days; this
means . storage pianos and furniture almost
cheaper • than . flro wood,, and ' must • be rc-
: moved. . Whltehead's Storage. 1630 Market.
PIANOS, .for- rent; 93 per. month; the largest
and best stock In San • Francisco to ¦ select
from; pianos from 930 upward: our line the
: b»st. our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
I PIANO CO.. 660-64 Hayes st.
FOR gale — Musical instruments; a' pianola th
' flrst-clamj condition; walnut case; used lit-
tle. 2111 -San Jose ave., Alameda, Cal.
! UPRIGHT 1 piano,, walnut case. 'slightly used,
i formerly sold, for 9300.' now $107; install-
ments. . 1919 Mission et. ;
FINE" FUher upright piano -in : perfect condi- '
tlon. * 9150. Address box 2547. Call office. :
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; 9t>5 I
8TATHAM. : 110 McAllister' St. !
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecel Ian piano !
player. .BYRON .MAUZY. 308-312 Post at.
A BEAUTIFUL 8tein way. upright grand, as
good as new; cheap. Hornung, 210 McAllister. '
ROOMS TO LET — Fnro. and Cnfnrn.
C— THE ST. KAHTRYN.
N. E COR. ELLIS AND LEAVENWORTH.
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN CITY;
NEW HOUSE; FIRST CLASS:
JUST FURNISHED: HAIR MAT-
. ". - TKESSES IN EVERY ROOM: HOT
AND COLD WATER BATHS;
• STEAM HEAT. ELEVATOR SER-
VICE; EVERY MODERN CON-
VENIENCE: ROOMS 93 PER
WF.EK UP. \.
: ASHWORTH HOTEL.
"20 Mason st.. bet. Geary- and O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition just completed; entire house
newly renovated; sun In rooms all day.
A— BRUNSWICK House.- 148 Sixth at.— Rooms
25c to 91 per night. 91 25 to 93 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c. 91. 91 50 night;
$1 50 to 910 week: house open all night.
BRYANT, 436— Furnished rooms to let.
BRYANT. 464— -A furnished room to let.'
BURNETT, 1426 Market <old No. 1364) — Fur-
nlshsd rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH. 7CS— Furnished room to let.
j BUSH. 1000. cor. Jones — Nicely furnished sun-
; ny room; rent reasonable. ¦
BUSH, 1011 — ExceDtlonally large sunny room,
large closet, bath, phone; desirable; central.
BUSH. 1563 — One or two nicely furnished
rooms in handsome modern fiat; gentlemen.
CLIFFORD, 204 EllU. cor. • Mason— Elegantly
furnished «unry rooms; prices reasonable.
CORNER Fourteenth and Shotwell— Bunny,
- bay-window 8 rooms, bath; 927 50.
DEVISADERO, 106— Four well-furnished sun-
ny rooms and bath.
DIAMOND. 810— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
DORE. 28%, near "Ninth and Howard— Two
rooms, fO-910 per month.
EDDY, 623—2 furnished rooms to let.
\ EDDY. 1522, near Flllmore— 2 sunny fur-
'nlshed rooms. ¦
EIGHTH. 49— Two nicely furnished rooms, sult-
able for man and wife or two gents.
EIGHTH ave.. 706— Neatly furnished rooms.
within one block of Golden Gate Park.
ELEVENTH. 21— Elegant rooms, single or en
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
ELLIS,' 028—2 newly furn. rooms, new flat:
running water, electricity, hot baths. Flat 4.
ELLIS, 1040— Sunny auite of single rooms, one
unfurnished.
ELLIS. 1162 — Double room with lavatory,
also social hall, far two or three gentlemen.
ELLIS, 1164— Furnished room.
ELMER. S24 Bush — Nicely furnished rooms,
day, week, or month; reasonable.
FAUSTINA. 642 Geary — We are making sum-
mer rates; newly furnished rooms; modern
conveniences; select.
FOLSOM, 658 — Three unfurnished, sunny
rooms, range; large yard.
FULTON. rT opposite City Hall— Two niceJy
furnished rooms; to men only.
FULTON, 822— Nicely furnished rooms to let.
GEARY. 2S7— Nice furnished rooms, centrally
located, single or en suite; private.
GEARY. €24^ — Newly furnished sunny rooms;
day. we*lt or month.
GEARY. 830. bet. Hyde and Larkln— Largo
sunny bay-window front room, with alcove;
phone; bath; reasonable; one or two gentle-
men.
GEARY. 1419 — Nicely furnished alcove room;
water; grate; closet; private family.
j GEARY. 1419^-Nlcely furnished front room
for rent
j
G. G. ave.. 1221 — 3 sunny unfur. bay-window
rooms, bath; yard; German family; 919-
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to 91 25 night; 91 60 to 96 wk. ; reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 25 — Nicely furnished rooms, sin-
gle or en suite; day, week, month; reasonable.
GROVE. 600 H — Four sunny hall rooms; nicely
furnished.
HAIGHT. 525— Four sunny furnished rooms
for gentlemen. - • -.. *
HARRISON. 7&m. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms, bath; homelike; 91
week up.
HARRISON.82S — Sunny bay-window front rm.;
newly furnished; new fiat; gents: reasonable.
HARRISON. 830% — Sunny cozy room for
working man: clean and comfortably fur-
nished; f4 month.
HAYES, 136, corner Van Ness ave. — Single
sunny room, suitable for gents; rent 96 50.
HAYES. 379— Nicely furnished rooms.
HAYES. 331—2- • handsomely furnished -front
rooms, suitable for couple or 2 gentlemen,
with use of kitchen.
HAYF.S, 072 — Newly furnished, sunny room;
bath; phone Fell 1237.
HOTEL KYLE, 230 Powell— New building,
newly furnished; batchelors' quarters, tour-
ist, theatrical.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 740 Ellis — Elegantly fur-
nished suites and single rooms.
HOWARD. 711 — Front rooms, single or double; !
reasonable.
JESSIE. 363 (east of U. S. Mint)— Furnished
front room; 2 beds, 910; single. 93 per month.
JONES. 207 (Van Wlnkle>— Furnished sunny
rms.; suite or single; gents preferred: 92 up.
KEARNY.. 418— Elegantly furnished large
front: also single rooms; 92 to $5 week.
LADY will sublet rooms in luxurious apart-
ments; gent.; cpr. Post and Jones. Box 3543,
Call office. .•¦-- —
LAS PALMAS. 182O Market — Sunny suites, sin-
gle- roomn; tourists; summer rates; tel. Fot-
; som 1S5G.
'• LAGUNA. . 8C0— Newly furnished sunny front
room; near Jefferson square.
LARKIN, 623—3 r.lcely furnished housekeeping
rooms; also single rooms.
LEAVENWORTH. 716— A sunny furn!sh*d
su]te. suitable for housekeeping; reasonable.
LYOX.- 22. cor. Page^ — Neatly furnished front
sunny room: every convenience; running
water, phone, bath; reasonable; 1 block from
park.
MARKET. 719. three doors west Call bldg.—
. Furnished rooms by the day. week or month;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
MARKET, 1654 — Furnished rooms ' to let.
MASON. 616 — Several newly furnished sunny
rooms; free baths.
MCALLISTER. B03— New modern flat: elec-
tric lights: nicely furnished front suite;
kitchen If deslr<d; also another sunny room;
reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 1S42— Sunny front parlor suite;
breakfast If desired; bath; phone Page 104.
MINNA. 410— For rent, a large, well furnished
front room: reasonable; other rooms; light
i housekeeping.
• MINN K ' »43 — Large sunny front room for ons
or two gentlemen or light housekeeping.
MIS8ION. 2562— Furnished room in private
family.
MISSION. 1323 tj— Furnished rooms. ,
MISSION. 25C2 — Nicely furnished room in prl-
vate family. ' '
NOE, 577— Large sunny room In quiet family;
fine view; reasonable.
OCTAVIA, 1537— Nicely furnished sunny rms.;
running water.electricity.phone; private fmly.
O'FARRELL. 832 — Nicely furnished parlors;
sunny suite or. single; light hskpg. If desired.
6'FARKELL. 333— Nicely furnished front room
for two gentlemen; bath and phone.
O'FARRELL. 437 — Suite o? housekeeping
room*. #14: also other «unny rooms.
O'FAKRELL. 610 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms 'n good neighborhood.
O'FARRELL. 624— Large sunny front room,
nicely furnished, for gentleman.
O'FARRELL, 7<»-^Large front room; nicely
furnished; rent 112.
O'FARRELL. 797. cor/ Larkln— Nicely fur-
nished sunny corner suite and bath; other
sunny • rooms. ¦ • • • : •
O'FARRELL. 1164— Elegant. newly fur-
nished rooms; front, side, rear; sunny; run-
ning, water; references exchanged; house
. changed ' banda and renovated throughout."I do not understand that man,"
she complained. "Some women can
manage-a man all right, but I don't
seem to succeed with my . husband,
and yet my poodle Is- — "
"Possibly," It was gently suggested
at this point, "If you give the same at
tention to. the man that- you do to the
dog he might be as easily managed."
But of course this was absurd. Any
woman who owns a fat and lazy
poodle will readily see it. — Chicago
Erenins Post.
Frank W. Deitz, C. E. Dubois, Miss
Louise Moisant. Miss C. Aranz, Anna
Mack, Louis Hirsch, wife and two
daughter's: Kate Green, Frank Lemlng,
Ernest Durgin, S. S. Raymond. Alex.
Pracorke. P. L. Young; Stanley Mois
ant, Anton Sutter, Morris Schlck, Mary
Stephens, William Stephens, R. Moore.
Esther Lopez, E. Grler/ Dan McFar-
The Pacific Mail Company's Panama
liner. City cf Para, which arrived late
Friday evening from the isthmus arid
landed some of her passengers, docked
yesterday- at' the Mail dock. Among
those that came up on the Para were:
City of Para Docks. '
Steamer. For. 1 Sails.
Tampieo Nome & St. Michael... June 12
Alkl Skagway & Way Ports. June 12
Cbas. Nelson.! Nome A Teller June 12
Cottage City. .! Skagway A Way Ports. June 12
Dolphin j Skagway A Way Ports. June 14
Valencia | Nome A Solomon June 14
City Seattle.. . Skagway & Way Ports. Jnne 13
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet A Way Pts. June 16
Dlrlgo Skagway & Way Ports. June 18
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports. June 21
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. June 21
Oregon Nome * St. Michael..; June !!5
Victoria Nome & Way Ports. .. (June 25
arrived. ,..,;:- -
Saturday. June 11.
Stmr L'rentUs, Ahl»tron», 23 hours from Eu
reka, bound for San Pedro, put In to land pas-
f ftmr F. A. Kllbnrn. Jahnscn, 7 hours from
Port Rcdaers. ' . .. '^
Stmr South Ccaat. Olsen,' 15 hours from
Caspar. ' •
Simr" Coos Bay. Johnson, i4 hours from San
Pedro and way ports. ' ' '
Stmr Redondo. Kro«r. 20 V» days from Petro
paulovskl. via Dutch Harbor 11 days.
Stn\r JJavarro. Weber, IS hours from West-
Stmr, Brooklyn, Johnson, 4S hours from San
Pedro, t
Stmr Noyo. Jthnson. 25 hours from
Bark Albert, Turner. 23 days from Hono-
Sehr Mnfy E. Foster. Thompson, 23 day*
from Honolulu. -• ''--¦.'.
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola. 32 hours from
Eureka.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson, 4 hours from Bo-
Una,. • cleared.
Saturday, June 11..
Stmr Siberia. Smith. > Manila. Hongkong, Yo
kohama and Honolulu: P M S'S Co.
Strnr Newport. Sandberg, Panama and way
ports; P M S S Co. • -„.,
Stmr Cocs Cay. Johnson, San Pedro and way :
ports: P C S S Co. - .
Nor stmr Titanla, Egeoes, Nanalmo, B. C; ,
Western Fuel Ccmsany.
SAILED. "
Saturday. Jane 11.
Stmr Siberia. Smith, Manila. Hongkong. Yo
kohama and Honolulu. . - . -..
Stmr Newport. Sandberg,* Panama and way
port.". ' ' -
Stmr Chehalle. Martin. Grays Harbor. '
Stmr George W. Elder. Randall. Portland. *
Stmr Chlco. Martin. Astoria -and Portland.
Stmr Phoenix. ' Jarvla, Eureka."
Shipping Intelligence.
The steamer -Redondo, Captain Krog,
arrived yesterday, 20% days from the
Russian port of Petropavftvski with a
cargo of furs valued at $250,000. The
Redondo 13 under charter to the Kam
chatka Commercial Industrial Com
pany, a Russian fur-trading organiza
tion, for which Roth, Blum & Co. are
agents at this city. This company's
steamer Kotik was seized by the Japa
nese at the opening of hostilities. The
barkentine Behring, another of Its ves
sels, was lost, and as the furs had to
be collected and the various stations
supplied with winter stores ' the Re
dondo was chartered for these pur
poses. She "will make another trip,
bringing back the season's catch of
sealskins. Before the war the Russian
company bought all supplies at Yoko
hama and shipped its furs through
Japanese agents to London.
Baron Nicholas Bruggen, the man
ager at St. Petersburg of the Russian
company, who left here on the Redon
do, was a passenger on the return trip,
as was Captain G. Wilderaann, former
commander of the captured Kotik, who
accompanied the expedition as a pilot.
Victor Vogelman, a Russian mining en
gineer, who is on his way to St. Peters
burg, was also a passenger on the Re
dondo.
The Redondo's voyage from here was
boisterous, in the extreme. She was
fifteen days getting as far as Dutch
Harbor. On the return trip she came
from Dutch Harbor in nine days.
Arrives- From Russian Port.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.] Pier.
Jua« 13. I
I a. qua Humboldt 9 amjPler 2
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa. San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pier II
Centralla... Grays Harbor .... 4 pmPier 10
Corona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
Coos Bay... San Pedro A Way. 9 am Pier 11
Jane 13.
Samoa * Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Elizabeth... Coqullle River..... 5 pm Pier 20
6. Barbara. - Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier . 2
S. Pedro.... Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
Jon* 14. ]
Argo Eel River Ports..'. 4 pm Pier 2
City Pnebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Juno IS. I
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 5 pmjPler 8
S. Monica... Los Angeles Ports. 10 amjPler 2
G. Dollar... Grays.Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier, 2
June 16.
Br.n'ta Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Ventura. ... Sydney A Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier it
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
State of Cal Ean Diego A Way. 9 am Pier 11
Porno Pt.. Arena A Albion 6 pm Pier 3
North Fork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier 2u
June 18. •
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
City Peking. N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Jane 19. j -
TJroatUIa... Pug-et Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
June 31. | • -
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 anrPSer 24
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
Jane 22.
Coptic China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
June S3. |
ScQUota..... Willapa Harbor.... 4 pmjPier 20
G. Lindner Grays Harbor jPler —
GLASGOW — Sailed Jnne 11 — Stair r^a^^^»» l
for New York, via MovQte. and sailed ttosx
latter port; atiar Sicilian, for Montreal.
LONDON— Arrived Jraa 11— Ger (hi? Nlobe,
from Port Blakeley.
SWANSEA— Sailed June 9— Tt bark Vla
cennes for Ban Francisco.
HULL— Sailed June 11— Br ahip Btrath
gryfe. for San Francisco.
PORT ELIZABETH— Sailed May 6 — Set*
Marccnt. for Newcastle. N. S. W.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed Jnne 11 — Br stmr
Tydeus. from Vancouver. B. C. Yla Hong
kong, for Liverpool.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived June 11 — Star Lea
XIII from Genoa. Naples. Cadiz, etc; stmr
Philadelphia, from Southampton and Cher
bourg, stmr Rotterdam, from Amsterdam.
Sailed Jure 11 — Stmr Graf Waldersee, for
Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg: itor
St. Paul, fcr Southampton, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg; stmr Kroonland. for Antwerp; rtiar
Princess Irene, for Naples and Genoa; atmr
Umbrta. for Liverpool; stmr Mlnnehaha. fo*
London ; stmr Island for Chrtstlansand. Ce>
penhagen. etc: stmr Astoria, for Ohugow.
GENOA— Arrived Juoe 8 — Stmr Cltta dl Na
poleon from New York.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived June Il-i3te»
Norge. from New York, via Chris tlaniacd.
MANCHESTER— Arrived June 10— Stmr CaJ.
edonian. from Boston, Tla Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 10— Stznrs Wta
nlfred and Indian, from Bostoo. Juae 11—
Stmrs Lucania and Victoria, from Kew Tark.
Sailed June 11 — Stmr Etruria, tor New York.
via Queenstowru
MOVILLE — Arrired Jun« 11 — Boar TuaW
¦tan. from Montreal, for Ll-rerpool.
NAPLES — Sailed Jun« 7 — Stmr Koord Azasr
lea. from Genoa, for New York.
ROTTERDAM — Sailed Jsne 11 — Star Xos>
landam. for New Tork. via Boulogne.
BREMEN — Sailed June 11 — Stmr Brtnr.no.
for New York via Southampton.
LONDON — Sailed June 11 — Stmr Vftwfrsj,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Called Jna* 11— «tm» St.
Louis for New York, rta Cherboors;.. .
QUEENSTOWJJ — Sailed Jon« 11 — Stmr Ara
bic, from Liverpool, for New York,
HAVRE: — Sailed June 11 — Btmr La, «*T r 'f'\
for New York-
Arrived June 11 — Stmr Bordeaux. Srosa Jfwt
York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Jose U— Stmr TXn'.ant.
tor New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrtred prior Jon* 11— fltmr
Chi.-.a. from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hlogo. Shanghai aad Hongkong.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived June XI — Star Orss
«er Kurrurst. from New York,
Piety Is the opposite- of spiritual pan*
perlsm.
To Honolulu— 10,000 lbs sugar. 235 pkgs fresh
fruits, 50 pkgs potatoes^ 12 crts oalons, 10- cs
wine, 6 pkgs table preparations, 13 pkgs elec
trical supplies. 20 bdls oars. 3 pkgs dry goods.
To Japan— 20.0S9 lbs sugar, 2212 lbs butter.
600 lbs hops. ltSOO lbs dried fruit. 203 cs as
sorted canned goods. 1078 lbs 14 cs cheese.
2517 lbs ham and bacon. 72 pkgs groceries and
provisions 1C07 lbs coffee. 22 pkgs fresh fruits.
152 pkr?s table preparations. 300 lbs beans, 496
lbs nuts 30 cs whisky. 3530 gals wine. 340O
H)9 raisins, 331 rolls 25 cs leather, - 525 bxs
soap, 700 cs alcohol 11 cs boots and shoes. 27,
100 lbs pig lead. 232 pkgs machinery, 321.533
lbs tan bark. 101 pkgs electrical supplies. 17
pes structural iron. 1030 bdls bar steel. 15O
pkgs 90 pes railroad material, S355 steal rails.
113 000 lbs foda ash. 1-KK) lbs potash. 125 cs
tinfoil 97 bales duek. 298 pkgs bicycles and
sundrlOH, 3C pkjrs rubber goods, 18 cs palnta,
75 cs cement, 390 crta roofing material.
To Philippine Islands — 750 bbls flour, 231 cs
whisky 500 casks bottled beer, 8750 lbs lard.
IS 878" lbs bread. 11.123 lbs beans. 12.7S3 lbs 4
cs meals 84 pkgs table preparations, 902 cs
assorted canned good«, 90 cs baking powder,
29 pkgs groceries and provisions. 5 cs honey.
SCO lbs raisins, 50 pkgs paste, 300 kegs sauer
kraut 7500 lbs codfish, 12.554 lbs baccn, 35 c»
Crozeri oysters. 3450 lbs coffee. 645 lbs cheese.
1 cs liquors. 59.S20 ft lumber, 54 pkjrs drugs.
6 cs rubber hose, 43 cs boots and shoes, 33
pktrs wire. IS pkgs plumbing material. 9 pkgs
electrical supplies. 64 pkfjs machinery. 5 cs
arms and ammunition. 50 cs soap. 6 pkgs
wagon material. 314 pkgs paper. 11 lbs paper
bass 1<> cs typewriters. 17 pkgs dry goods.
To" China— 0600 bbls flour, 722S lbs beans.
So 53:» lbs cheese, 6390 lbs ham and .bacon. 3109
lbs codfish, 3460 lbs dried fruit. 297,062 lbs
dried fish 314 cs assorted canned goods. 17
pkps fresh fruits. 23 pkjrs table preparations,
1743 lbs peas 2260 lbs 13 cs meals. 3800 Ib1
pearl barley. 17 c« salad oil. 48 cs canned sal
mon 77 pkirs groceries and provisions. 576 lbs
chocolate. 1C0 cs whisky; 24W lbs 50 ew to
bacco.'ec lbs Ivory. 1 pk* machinery, 6 pkgs
dry goods. 13 C3 boots and shoes, 4- pkgs drugs,
1 cs firearms. .
East Indies — 57 cs canned salmon, 240 gals
wln« 374 cs assorted canned goods. 1440 lbs
meals.- 60 pkgs procerles and provisions, 25 cs
honey. 4 pes steel* ,
To Korea — "S pkgs procerlea and provisions.
341 lbs tobacco. 9 p5te» electrical supplies, 3
cs soap 1 pkg machinery, 30 .pkss paints.
The steamer Siberia sailed yesterday for
Hongkong via Honolulu, Yokohama and Ma
nila with a general merchandise, cargo valued
at (316,906.. exclusive of treasure, to be dis
tributed as follows: For Honolulu, $6676; Ja
pan. $1SS,729; China. $61,790; Philippine Isl
ands. $55,560; East Indies. $2303; Korea, $1673;
South Africa. $175. The leading exports were
as follows:
Merchandise for the Orient.
Steamer. « From. Dua,
G. Dollar Grays Harbor June 12
Enterprise Hllo June 12
Centralla San Pedro June 12
Argo Eel River Ports June 12
Arctic. Humboldt June 12
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma June 12
Wyefleld Nanalmo . ., June 13
Breakwater.. Coos Bay June 13
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 13
Bonlta Newport & Way Torts. June 13
Pomona Humboldt June 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. June 13
Del Norte Crescent City June 13
S. Barbara... San Pedro June 13
North Fork... Humboldt June 13
San Pedro.... Humboldt June 13
Wyefleld..... Nanalmo June 14
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. June 14
Porno Point Arena & Albion. June 14
S. Monica.... Grays Harbor 'June 15
Eureka Humboldt 'June 15
Umatllla Puget Sound Port**.... June 15
American.... New York [June 16
San Jose New York via Panama. June 16
Corona.. Humboldt June 16
Point Arena.. Mendoclno A Pt. Arena. June 16
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & 'Way Pts. June 16
Coos Bay San Pedro * 'Way Pts. June 17
G. W. Elder.. Portland &. Astoria.... June 18
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor June 19
Centennial....' Seattle & Tacoma June 19
Alliance Portland & Way Ports June 19
Sequoia Willapa Harbor June 19
Luxor Hamburg & Way Ports June 20
Queen Puget Sound Forts June 20
Alameda Honolulu June 21
Korea ..'China & Japan June 21
Rainier TSeattle & Rclllnprham. . June 21
Nevadan I Honolulu & Kahululi.lJune 23
City Panama. New York via Panama, j June 23
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
The eteamer Queen, which sailed on Thurs
day for Victoria, carried an assorted merchan
dise cargo consigned to the. port of destination
and the principal British Columbian ports, val
ued at $20,135 and Including the following-:
1192 pkgs fresh fruits, 91 pkgs fresh vege
tables, 6940 lbs dried fruit. 1480 lbs raisins,
561 gals 16 eg wine, 42 pkga paste, 347 lbs
cheese. 500 lbs chocolate. 70 cs canned goods.
10 pkgs baking powder, 23.700 lbs salt. 3310
lbs 5 cs meale, 1245 lbs spices, 8 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 4624 lbs butter, 1146 lbs coffee,
7401 lbs beans, 239- pkgs onions 2S6 pkgs pota
toes, 40,960 lbs malt, 355 lbs ham and bacon.
112,057 lbs nitre, 26 cs arms and ammunition,
55 pkgs drugs and sundries. 760 lbs tobacco,
5 cs electrical supplies. 15 bales twine, 12,040
lbs bluestone, 1701 lbs lead. 250 tins matches.
1~ pkgs pipe and fittings, 3 bales leather, 30
rolls paper, 20 rolls* roofing, 18 pkgs steel. 27
pkgrs machinery.
Exports for the North.
Somewhere upon British soil there Is
a young doctor who has v.ithln the last
few days learned a lesson which should
be Invaluable to him in his future prac
tice. Having: accompanied his betrothed
to a theater, while the house was in
semi-darkness she suddenly complained
of feeling faint. The doctor took some
thing out of his pocket and whispered
to her to keep the "tabloid" In her
mouth, but not to swallow It. She did
as she was told and soon felt all right
again. The tablet, however, showed no
signs of dissolving, and In the end, be
ing curious to discover what the taste
less, indissoluble substance that had
proved so efficacious could be, she
slipped the undiminished substanca
into her glove for future inspection.
When she got home she took it out of
her glove again and examined It. It
was a bone glove button. — London
Leader.
A Doctor's Simple Case.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Tln:e and Height of High and Low aWters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the ctty front (Mlsslon-dtreet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide* Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. JUNE 12.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun sets 7:32
Moon rises !....3:5G a. m.
O iTlmel JTlme Time Time
£ ! 1 Ft. f 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
o |L W| |H W L W H W
H 4:181— 0.611. -22 4.4 3:&5 2.8110:02 <M>
13 5:00— 0.8 12:10 4.6 4M0 2.6110:44 6.0
14 lajtf— 1.0(12:37 4.6 5:20 2.8111 :2S 6.0
15 1 ~O§— 1.01 1:42 4.8 6:20i 2.9;
H W| L W HW |L W
18 0:18| 5.7J 7:15— 0.8 2:271 4.9| 7:15 2.9
NOTE — In tbe above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tbs
day in tbe order of occurrence aa to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except whem there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. Tbe plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The British ship Dudhope Is chartered . for
lumber from Puget Sound ¦ to Valparaiso, for
orders. Piiagua Range (2s 6d lesa direct); op
tion of Callao direct at 35s.
The barksntine Makaweli loads lumber oa
Puget Sound for Sydney at 33s 9d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
land. F. Eaton, Eugenlo Damy. G. R.
Hewson, Miss T. Moisant, Captain I*
H. Turner. Edwin Rockstroh. A. G.
Stephens, Ida and Ella Stephens, Carrie
Mocrre, E. Green. Louise Green, J. W.
Donnell, D. Browne and V. Damy.
MANILA — Arrived June 10 — Br stmr Low
ther Castle, from New York.
Arrived June 10 — Br stmr Inverness, from
Portland. •
Arrived June 11 — Bark Louisiana, from Port
land/ Or.
MANILA — Arrived June 10 — Stmr Inverness,
from Portland. Or., via Muroran.
HILO— Arrived June 9— Ship Falls of Clyde.
hence May 28.
HONOLULU — Sailed June 11— Ship Marion
Chllcctt. for San Francisco.
Sailed June 10 — Bark Kalulanl, for Saa Fran
cisco. ' U
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Bailed June 10— Stmr Man
churia, for San Francisco, via Norfolk.
FOREIGN PORTS. «
DUXGEXESS — Passed June 10— Br ship Al
byn. from Hamburg, for San Diego.
PISAGUA— In port May 7— Bktn Echo, for
Honclato.
ANTOFCGASTA— Sailed Apr 18— Br bark
Earl of Dunmore, for San Francisco.
GENOA— Palled June 7 — Br ship Lynton. for
San Francisco.
LEITH— galled June 9 — Ger ship Siam, for
New York.
SAUNA CRUZ— Arrived June 11— Br ship
Agnes Oswald, from. Newcastle. Aua.
Arrived June 11 — U S stmr Madrona. from
Crescent City.
Sailed June 10— Schr O. M. Kellosg, for Ka
hutul; schr Azalea, for Redondo.
TATOOSH— Passed Inward June 11— Schr
Columbia, from San Pedro, for Ballard. Passed
outward June 11 — Ger bark Tsekla. from Port
Gamble, for Port Pirle.
Passed oat June 11 — Br ship Clan Bu
chanan, for Salaverry.
Passed out June 11 — Schr Admiral, from Ev
erett for San Dlesro.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Jane 11— Schr Ca
r.ano from Port Gamble.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June U— Stmr Bo
nita. hence June 8; schr Meteor, from Port
BUkeley.
Sailed June 11 — Stmr Bonlta, for San Fran
cisco; stmr San Gabriel, for Umpqua River.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 10— Schr San
Buenaventura, for San Francisco. June 11—
Schr A. B. Johnson, for San Francisco.
Arrived June 11 — Schr Charles R. Wilton,
hence June 1.
POINT REYES — Passed south June 11. 9:23
s. m. — Stmr Bee. from Eureka, for San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 11 —
Stmr Alcazrx. from Greenwood.
Sailed June 11 — Bark Vidette. for Saa Fran
cisco.
ABERDEEN— Arrived June 11— Schr Charles
U Wilson, hence June 1.
Sailed June 11 — Schr A. B. Johnson, for San
Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived Juno 10 — Star Bantu
Ana, from Valdez; itnr Dolphin, from Sltag
way.
Sailed June 10 — Strnr Humboldt. for Skag
¦way; »tmr Bertha, for Valdea.
Balled June 11— Stmr Arlionan, for Tacoraa;
•chr J. C. Meyer, for Nome, via Everett.
Arrived June 11 — Bktn Ful'.erton. hence
June 3, In tow of stmr Whlttler; stmr Whit
tier, hence June 3. bktn- Fullerton In tow.
Sailed June 11, 9 a m — Stmr Whluler. for
San Francisco, via Portland.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 11— Stmr Valen
cia, hence June 8. '
NEWPORT BEACH— Sailed June 11— Scar
Bertha Dolbeer. for Eureka. a
FORT GAMBLE — Arrived JuaV 11 — Schr
Luzon, hence May 29.
Balled Jane 11 — Schr Camano, fcr Port Lad
low; Br ship Simla, for Sydney.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed June 11— Schx Ca
mano. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND- Sailed June 11— ChO
ship Othello, for Valparaiso.
REDOXDO — Arrived June 11 — Stmr Janea
S. Higntfna. hence June 9.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived June 11— Stmr
Umatllla, from Seattle.
Sailed Jane 11— Stmr UmatilLi. for Saa
Franelico.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived June 1. 4 a m—
Stmr Portland.' hence May 21. to sail June
2 for Nome. June 1. 5 p m — Stmr W. H. Kru
ger hence May 21.
ASTORIA— Sailed . June 11 — Bktn Gleaner
and atmr Columbia, for San Francisco.
Sailed June H — Stmr Despatch, for Saa
Pedro.
EUREKA— Sailed Jun« 10— Stmr Noyo. for
San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
June 3 — In lat 48 N, long 10 W. Br ship
Barflllan, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, Juns 11, 10 p. m. — Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 10 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
EtmrjCella, Xordberg. Albion.
Etrar, Point Arena, Miller. Point Arena.
Stmr Aurelia. Erickson. Portland.
Stmr Prentlss. Ahlstrom. San Pedro.
Stmr Westport. Smith. Westport.
Nor stmr Tltanla, Egeneo. Nanalmo.
Bark Benrta. Nelson. >Karlak. via Ladysmlth
and Port Townsend.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson. Eallnas.
Schr John A, Olson Eureka.
Schr Bella. Lazzarevich. Sluslaw River.
Bchr William Olsen. Ilorvik. Grays Harbor.
Schr Ruby, Korth. Coqullle River.
STEAMER REDONTX>. WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY FROM RCESIAX PORT
PETROPAULOVSKI WITH A CARGO OP FURS VALUED AT $250,000. SHE
WILL MAKE. ANOTHER TRIP TO BRING BACK SEASON'S CATCH.
San. Moan and Tide.
The Time Ball on the tower of tlie Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 e.. &t noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. tn. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
June 11. 1»O*
Time Bnll.
The man was walking at a moderate
gait, apparently In no great hurry,
when he reached the corner. He had
leisure to pause there to look after a
pretty woman. Then he started across
the street. Two wagons, a cable car
and a fire engine were coming and the
man quickened his pace. He could hav*
stopped to let them pass, but he had
no time to spare now. He dodged in
front of the two wagons and found
room to wait for the cable car to pass.
But he couldn't wait; he had suddenly
been deprived of all leisure. He esti
mated speed and distance at a glance,
bolted in front of the car, continued
wildly across in front of the engine and
reached the opposite side of the curb on
the run. He was in desperate haste or
he never would have taken those
chances. Any one could see that. But,
once safely across, he stopped, turned,
stuck his hands in his pockets and
stood watching the fire engine until It
was out of sight. Then he went leis
urely about his business, again having
ample time for all he wanted to do.—
Brooklyn Eagle. \
Lives Risked From Habit.
The passengers included about
twenty Government employes for Ma
nila, where the . Siberia will call.
Among the passengers was Roger S.
Greene, who goes to Nagasaki as Unit
ed States Vice Consul. Captain A.
Ross of the navy left on the Siberia,
accompanied by his daughter, Miss A.
B. Ross. Captain Ross is going out to
inspect the naval colliers attached to
the Asiatic station. Mr. and Mrs. H.
W. Ellicott also sailed on the liner.
Mr. EUicott is assistant manager of
the Southern Pacific Company's pur
chasing and supply department.
The Siberia's passengers Included
the following:
Miss A. D. Anthony, A. McC. Ash
ley. Mrs. A. McC. Ashley, Mrs. W. H.
Baird, Miss M. Berger, Miss A- Boyer,
William L. Castle, Miss M. M. Cooke.
S. E. Damon, Mrs. S. E. Damon, H. H.
Dearborn, Miss B. Dearborn, Miss H.
Delnert, J. M. Dowsett, Thomas Fitch,
Miss M. Flood, F. M. Hatch and
daughter, Colonel A. G. Hawes, E.
Hedemann, W. H. Heen, R. G. Hen
derson, Rev. F. L. Hosmer, Mrs. C. A.
Hutchi^s and daughter, Harry Jeff
rey, J. A. M. Johnson, E. W. Jordan,
A. K. Jones, Mrs. A. K. Jones, Dr. M.
L. King, F. D. Lowrey, A. J. Lowrey,
Mrs. F. J. Lowrey, Miss H. Lowrey,
Mrs. J. Lynch, Miss A. C. Lynch, F.
W. Macfarlane, Mrs. F. W. Macfarlane
and two daughters. J. S. McCandless,
F. O. Miles, Mrs. J. F. Morgan and
daughter. Miss B. Mutch, Miss V.
Mutch, B. S. Pederson, D. Rowan. G.
Senni, Z. S. Spalding, R. P. Spalding,
Mrs. Z. S. Spalding, J. J. Sullivan. L.
A. Thurston, Miss S. Truelson. Mrs.
George de la Vergne. Mrs. Grace Wa
terhouse, Miss M. E. Withenby, Miss
G. E. Yoell.
Yokohama— L Aoyagl, M.Asada, Mrs.
P. J. Beveridge, Miss Louise Becker. F.
Deardorf, Mrs. F. Deardorf and child,
T. Fujiwara, I. HayashI, Miss V. Joshi
zawa, H. Kodama, H. Fred Kirsten,
Y. Kinoslta, Dr. S. Mlshima, H. G.
Ponting; Captain A. Ross, U. S. N.;
Miss A. B. Ross, A. Takahaahl, M.
TJematsu.
Kobe— Manuel Cabral, S. L. Hollbrook,
Mrs. E. C. .Hollbrook, Miss Florence
Hollbrook, George E. Mallinson, G. O.
Plercey. . .._
Nagasaki— Mrs. G. P. Brescott. Mrs.
E. Gowan , and daughter, Roger S.
Greene, Miss P. A. Parkinson, A. B.
Rosenfeld, Mra. A. B. Rosenfeld, L.
Rosenfeld, Master J. Rosenfeld, Miss D.
Spunt, Miss A. Stone.
Manila— George B. Ames, Bert Car
penter. Mrs. Bert Carpenter and child,
J. Carley, Miss E. D. Collins, R.
Haynes, M. C. Helm, Rev. D. S. Hib
bard, Mrs. D. S. Hibbard and Infant,
Charles T. Hibbett. E. T. Hull, C. Jen
sen, C. T. Kitchen, J. F. McCann; Mrs.
J. F. ' McCann, two childrenV and in
fant; A. McDonald, A. B.' Mulcahy, G.
L. Myers, Rev. B. O. Peterson, Mrs. B.
O. Peterson. W. A. Platts, N. B. Rosen
berger, L. M. Shearer. John L. Stewart,
C. H. . Stone, Mrs. C. H. Stone and
child, R. L. Spalsbury, F. H. Thomp
son, Mrs. F. H. Thompson, B. Villia
nueva, Mrs. Vlllianueva, Mrs. Mary
Wescott, R. H. Wardell, F. G. Waite,
Mrs. R. Haynes.
Hongkongi— Trevor Corry, H. W. El
llcott, Mrs. H. W. Elllcott, Miss Irene
Martin, Mrs. L. S. Parker, Rev. J. W.
Robinson, Mrs. J. W. Robinson and two
children. Dr. Wong, Mrs. Wong.
To Join at Honolulu — Godfrey Brown,
J. E. Whltcher, J. L. Sternfteld.
The Siberia, Captain J. Tremalne
Smith In command, carried a large
number of passengers and about 7000
tons of cargo. This freight is mostly
for Japan and included 1000 tons of
structural iron, 100,0 tons of flour, 12
carloads of railroad trucks, 75 rail
road cars and 1000 tons of steel rails.
Stevedores worked night and day
loading the liner Siberia and yester
day at 1 o'clock she was ready for
sea. Passengers were aboard, freight
was under hatches or securely lashed
on deck, mail was safely stowed away,
but the liner did not leave the wharf
for nearly an hour after schedule time
owing to the late arrival of the "of
fice mail."
Steamer Siberia's 7000-Tort Cargo Is. Made .Up of Heavy Cars,
Steel Rails and Kriocked-Down Bridges to Be Used in the
Improvement of the Island Empire's Transportation System
"I was at a dinner in London last
sprins," said the Chicago lawyer, "and
almost directly opposite me aat a
countrywoman of mine from Ken
tucky. One stout, red-faced English
woman In the party persisted in bait-
Ins the Kentuckian till I laoked to see
her lose her temper long before she
did. The English woman talked about
America and the Americans as If the
Kentucky woman had invented the
country and was responsible for every
thing 1 from Tammany to Pullman cars.
Nothing American escaped her cen
sure, and at length she began on the
race question in a way that isn't heard
at American dinner parties. She went
on and on, and the Kentuckian began
to look dangerous. At last the Engiish
woman said:
" 'But you can't deny that you actu
ally burn nlgger* in the States.*
"The Kentuckian smiled deliber
ately.
" 'Oh. the reports of that are greatly
exaggerated.' she said. 'The practice
isn't general. "VVe only do it in parts
of the country where coal is too ex
pensive to use.*
"And the English woman didn't
speak another word for nearly five
minutes." — Washington Post.
Then Came Silence.
CARRIES MANY TONS OF RAILROAD
IRON FOR JAPANESE GOVERNMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE $12, 1904.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
47
FBOl'OSALS.
PROPOSALS for clothing- and equipage. Depot :
Cuarttraasters o;flce. 3tf New Mcntgosiery
«t- Saa Francisco, California, June 1J. 1304
— ¦-_.-.. , : ..^t^.r. ui Irifrllfator will oe rt- !
eived at U:i« otnee until lu o'clock a. m..
» c«>, Juae 27, 1&O4, Paclric Star.Catil T:ine. :
•i ihvn opened '<:t :t;in'Hi.r.g at ¦» ii i« ?'i» '•¦
i'h lauelphia, Boston. Chicago or San r*rs.n- I
v t**, Ucj^u: Psj&ir.as. Buckzkm Gauntlets. '¦
•- .uinjbrjj- Shirts, Mattresses Pillows, PU-
;JW caaex, Bedshet-t*. Mosquito Bars and
Trumpet*. All to conform to standards and
. •¦€ :!:o»l:cns. Quantities to be subject to an
Uicre*** ol 20 per cent, ir desired by the de-
!-*Jtnient. Preference will be giv«a to artl-
iea <-l domestic production and manufacture
conditions cf price and qu&iity being equal
VnctCxr Jn tne iync* or ¦: re jn ;ruJ"j."U-n
..nd :-.....: «v -.urr the duty therecn), and such
preference wUl be given to articles of Amer-
Jcaa production ana tn&nur&cture produced
oa the Pacific Coast to the extent cf the con-
sumption required by the public service there. ;
The : r..t-l £iates reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject ar.y or all proposals or any
,«trt there--*;. li.-ora.ati n a.-nl ol.ria.* :cr
proposals wyi be furnished on application.
Exnrelopea ccsta.iclnjt proposals will be ln-
<2ers*d •¦Propcseis No. 4605. fcr Clcthirp tnd
C<;t:!;as;e." and addressed to Major C. A.
Dl;VOL, Qu&rtersiatur. U. & Arm)-. Depot
Quirttrir.«L£i6r.
iROKtSALS — State Prison Suppbe*— Sealed !
proposals wHI be received at th* o:"i-« of '
the Clerk at the State Prison. San Qurntin. I
until 10:S0 a. a.. SATURDAY. th« lfeth day '
of June, 1904. and at the office of the Clerk
c' the State Prison at Folsoa until 9*U a.
in.. SATURDAY, the 25th day of June.
1604. at which tiiaes and places they will
b« cjweed in the presence of bidden, for !
furnishing and delivering supplies for "!¦<
prlsor.s. coneUUng of cebsistence stores
forage, fuel, fuel oil. furnishing power to
run the juts tr.:: 1 . and electrical appliances
for Jute null at San Quentin. clothing, rned-
lctces. Use, cement aad other staple sup- •
piles, trcm July i, 1304. to June SO. 1MK. in-
clusive, en conditions as per printed sched-
ules which will be tercishsd upon applica-
tion at cither of th* above offices. No bid
will b« considered unless made upon said
schedule*, net edess accompanied by th*
certlfiej check therein required, hot from
acy other parties than bona Cde dealers la
the elasses of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accczsptr.j his bid 'with a certi-
fied check upon some well known and re-
apocalble btcklr.g boose for at least 10 per
otzx. cf the amount of his bid, payable to
the Presldsst cf the Board, conditioned that
the bidder will enter into a contract upon
notice of acceptance, as required by law.
Bids for either prison must be Barked sep-
arately. All payments made on coctract win
\- paid tn rash or Controller's warrants.
&16cera will carefully fellow the conditions
cf the schedules. The Board reserves the
rif-bt to reject any or all bide, as the public
Interest may require, and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount epectlW.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President. J. M.
OLIVER. Clerk.
W MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The fclicwlzg xn&rriag* licenses wer* Issued
yeetenSay :
Fred F. Fitch. 28. M7 Van Ness avenue,
and L::;ie M. Lukens. 2*, Santa Cruz
Jchn T. de Santos. 23. 14O4 Sanchez street,
and Amelia Rlcke. 22 1CS5 Tork street.
Le Rjy A. Shay, 22, 2t»4 Taylor street, and
Grace I. Wegener. 17 10»S Lombard street.
James B. Clejncn. 27, Vallejo. and Alllene
Emlth. 18. Vallejo.
Winum H. Turner. 29. Oakland, and Ida
G. Locmls. 24. l*tf» Bush etreet.
John Naugfctcn, 32. 728 Tehansa street, and
Ellen McNtrr.ara. 26, 1530 Howard street.
Giavanr.i Bellottl. 2S. 309 Broadway, end
Carolina Pl*toch!na. 21. S09 Broadway.
Lucas Kreuzberger. 50. gacraznento, and
I>eefe BtfitwaU. 36, Sacramento.
Ira T. Greenwood. 26. Red Bluff, and Bertha
XI. Latta. 22. Red Bluff.
Thorr.a* F. Carr. 21, 2548 Twenty-first street,
and Alice E. Dcherty. 18. 144 Stetaer street.
Abraham Silber, 39, 22S2 Poet street. an1
Celia Friedianoer. 24. 2370 Pine street.
Jam<-s V. Hughes. SO. 3733 Twenty-fourth
•t.. and Marion E. Rodrers. 25. 1414 Guerrero^
Anton'.D L. FUva. 22, 65 Jackson street, and
Jieria I>. Nunes. 23 05 Jackson street.
Hilton P. Evta*. 21. Alameia. and Clara L
P. FcUrath. 1C. Alameda.
Charles E. Jone*. 26. 100 Webster street,
and Ada Grr.ber, 25 Berkeley.
Theopfcile Onampolian. 22. X31 Kearny street.
>n<! 1. c.t> Beneve-r.t, 23. CSC Broadway
Charles K. Baker, 2S. 20 Ninth street, and
Frances L. Barker. 21. 20 Ninth street.
Ant'mio Armanjna. 3»\ 62S Broadway, and
Rob! Ferrari, 22, 521 Green street.
Gratit-n Ga'.an. 41. Wm Berkeley, and Ellsa
Cataubon. T» V.14 McAllister street.
F.phralm W. Falrfleld. 26. 7 Masan street.
ar.d Caihcrir.- R E. McConnack, 25, 119 Third
Patrick J. McMahon, 2\ 137 Harriet street)
ard lianra M. Murray. 20. 15CS Howard st.
An!;! Henrlckfon. 26. Boulder Crtek, ani
Edith Carlson. 26. 60 Ryan avenue.
G*or*e F. F'.akefW. 21. Tonopah, Nev.. and
Man- L R'.nckel. IS. Carscn City. Nev.
EIETHS—MREIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlaxe and death notices sent by
r -.-... will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at ritber cf tbe publication offlc«a and be
Indorsed with the name and resldesc* of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published ence la this column
Jree cf ctarg».
EOLLINGER— In this city. Jun« 8, 1904, to
the wire of F. F. Bollina-er. a aon.
FLIN'N — In this city. June 6 1904, to th* wife
cf W. D. Flinn, a sen.
GOLDBERG — In this city, June 7, 1904. to the
wife of Bernard Goldberg <nee Marks), a son.
HENLEY— In this city June II. l»04. to the
wif* of WUliam C. Hesiey, twm daughters.
JENSr-N— In tfcts dty. June 10. I»04. to the
vlU of Lawrence Jensen, a daughter.
KNIi'PEB— In thia city. June S. 1804. to th«
wife cf Easil O. Knipper. a daughter.
LT.NHART— In this dty. May 29. 1904, to the
¦rttfc of E. B. Lcxhart, a son.
NORWOOD — In Berkeley. Cal.. May 19. 1904.
to the wife cf C. D. Norwood, a daughter.
©BE.1HOUSE— In this city. Jnne 2. 1&04 to
tfc«r wire of John Oberhouse, a daughter. *«
FLA TIT— In thi« citr. Mar 29. 1904. to the
wire cf William G. Plate, a son.
WEICKGENANNT— la this city, June 6. 1804,
to the *-ife of H. A. Welckgenannt. a son.
VEMPE— In thia citr. Mar 13. "lSOi. to the
wj'e of William Weznpe, a «on.
"WEESEL— In this dtr. J«ne 6. 1904. to tb*
wife r.t Ji. L. Weasel, a aon.
MARRIED."" ~™
CLAXTON— SMITH— la this citr Jon« 1L
1&04. br tr« P.er. Edwin F. Brown. Jamas
B. CZazton *x4 Alliene Smith, both cf Va- <
Ilejo.
EE CALETA— TOXECI— In this citr. Jun* 8
1904. by the Rev. Father Antonio Santan-
£reu. VJacecte Fernandez de Calej-a and Ro-
rr. :..'... To&inl.
DOLENriA— FLICKUfGER— In this dty, Jone
6. 1904. by the Rev. William Rader Edmund
Clarence Doler.ga and Eetelle M. Filcklnger.
both cf this citr-
OOETZEN— HAMMONDS— Jone 8. 1904. br
Justice J. J. Van Nostrand. Adolph H.
G«*tren and Made Ha*nmon£>.
BOOKE— RUCKER— In this dtr. Mar 21. J90i
fcr the Rev. A. C Bane. Geors* W, Hook*
5*1, E * a Francisco aad Flora A. Racker of
V i:i;t«, Cal. j
WOilBALL— WHAT— In this dtr. J«n« 1, 1004
S^Ji!*,, 1 ***..^ 11111 * 1 R«4er. Edward Harry
Ktmban an* DoUr Pauline Wrar both cf
tsis city.
McMULLEN— SCRIVENER— In thli dtr Jon»
e. 1&J4. tr the Rev. William Radar Ciarenc*
tnls^c't^"' 14 tai Etbel Scrtveaer - **** «'
JIULLER— DIEJICXS — In this dtr Jon* L
l»04. br *he R«t. William Rader Gustave
MuTler and Mary E. DlcpcksTboth ofXu
dtr.
Jf AVARRO— BRTANT— In this cttr Jnne 8
1904. fcr Justice j. j. van Nostrind, Julius
Navarro and Lottie Bryast.
FVLE— DAVIS— In this city Jnne 5. 1904. br
thv'Bev. WKliao Rader. Frark Pri-iT zZ
Philadelphia. Pa., and May Davia of Auck-
l&nd, N. Z.
SCHMIDT— JONES— In this city. May 23 19<M
ty tbe Rev William Rader. Alberto!
Schratdt aid May Joaes. both of this cUr
WAGNEIt— ARilAGEU— In Baltimore June'l
1904. Lewis A. Wagner of Baltimore and
Jesrle E. Annager cf San Francisco
WATERBCRT— DONNELLY— In this citv I
June 7. 1904. by the Rev. William Rader 1
John H«riry Waterbury or Chicago. Ill «nd :
Hazel Richardson DocneUy of Loa Angeles, '
Bernard. Flavie L. Isnacs. William
Bru»e:i. Charley Kiikeony. Susan
Cawicy. ArCo V.V Macdoncld. Addle O.
Clements. Mary A. ¦ i!il<!t, Howard
Coie, Jennie McGreth. Catherine
Uuylc. Itusse!I D. O'Connor, Con.
Dunne. FrancS» J. Schrader. Heariette
Erwin. Annie ? Ehanahan. Thomas
FVderleln. Jer Smith. George T.
Flynn, Francis V. Kulliran. J'-ren-.tah
y-z.r.i:.r. CaroJIne Thcnvss. Thomas J.
Frm\er. Jam's H. Thomson, Annie
Grar. Mrs. Matilda Toomey. Nellie
Hart. Grace P. Tully. Catherine
Hopkins, William A. Waitt. Laura A. '
Kcwe. AJ\-la J. WLarton. Joseph W.
Hyde. Catherine
BERNARD— In this city, June 9. 1904. Flavlo
l>ucie, beloved child of Isidore and Gabrrille
Bernard, and «lster of Luidn and Ensile
ftern&rd. a native cf Chicago, ased 11 years
7 months and 9 days.
C7Fricnd» and acquaintances are respect-
fuliy invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 12. at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
lier " ssar»nt«. 1'<S Clt»ner street. Interment
itouri Cliirt Ometery. by «*arTlage.
BP.l'EnLT*— Ir this city. • June 10 1004
Cbarh-y. tt loved hurtjond «'f Ana 'Bru»eli! '
and fateec of Jr*rpbir:e. Charley, George and :
i;-;, 1 lirusoU, a oativ* of Sweden, aged 40 1
intars and £» days. . . 1
C7Frieods and accoalntascea are reasect* •
• SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
THE COUPLE WHO BOARD.
Every one, whether living In
a flat, a cottage or a hotel,
will appreciate the little
exposures made In this
article.
XEXT STXDAY CALL.
ElKhteenth. ,an4 ..Guerrero streets at 2:30
Cclcfdcr Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ¦
THOMSON— In this cit>. June 9, I&04. Annie,
beloved wife of- tht late W. J. "Thomson. . a
native of Nova Scotia. A member or Mission
Rebekah Lodge No. 155; Ivy Chapter No. '!'.
Eastern Star, and Knlehts and Ladies of
Hitaor.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. -June 12. at 2 o'clock, at the mort-
uary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 2:30 o'clock.
TOOMEY— In this city, June 11, 1904. Nellie,
dearly beloved wife of James J. Toomey,
mother of Henry F.. James C. Willie M.
Gertrude, John, Helen and the late Mary
Toozney. daughter of Michael and Ellen Mur- I
ray, and sister of Thomas Murray and Mrs.
J. J. Mulcrevy. a native of Rochester, New
York.
(E^TFriends anAAcquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to £Hfad the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 dSr.ock, from her late resi-
dence, C70 Linden avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of fcer soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment H^Iy
Croes Cemetery.
TULLY— In this city June 10 1904. Catherine,
widow cf the late Lucas H*. Tully. and be-
loved mother of Katie. Julia, Minnie, Emma
A.. John L. and William E. Tully and Mrs. j
F. Brownrigg, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land.
CTFrienda and acquaintances ore respect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock from her late resi-
dence SO Belcher street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing r.t 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crocs Cemetery.
WAITT— In this city. June 11. 1904, Laura Au-
g-usta, beloved daughter cf George W. Waltt.
and sister of Georg'.anna, Charles C. and
Frank Waltt. a native of Gardfnsr, Maine,
ased 48 years 2 months and 12 day*. '
WHARTON— In this city, June 11, 1904, Jo-
seph W. Wharton beloved son of Mary
Wharton. and brother of Mrs. Mary Ander-
son. Robert J.. John E., Annie J. and
Thomas F. Wharton, a native of California,
aged 24 years and 19 days. A member of
Altahmos Tribe No. 87. I. O. R. M.; G. G.
Aerie No. 61. F. O. E., and Riggers' and
Stevedores' Union. Local 222.
IDPNotlce of funeral hereafter.
CARD OF.THANKS.
We desire to express our sincere thanks
to the offlcers and members of San Fran-
cisco and North German Ladles' Society
and other kind friends for the beautiful
floral offerings of sympathy ra the late death
of Mrs. Anna AlKach.
MR. HENRY DOSCHER,
MR. THEO. HAGE.
fully ir.vittd to attend the funeral to-day
<Ptmfiay> S'ltSO Cctjck.- fram the *psrfc>rs
cf the California Cndertaklng Ccmpany. 4Uo
Pon-ril street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
CAWLET— In Oskland. Cal., June' 11, 1904.
Affie W. Cawiey. a native of Oregon -aged
4S years.
CLEMENTS— In this city. June 11, 1904. at
h»>r >te residence. 1210 Devisadero street.
Mary A., veil* of John P. Clements, a native
of New York, aced 56 years,
CXInterment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please emit flowers.
COLE— In Tuc*cr.. Arix., June 11, l&M, Jen-
nie, wire of C. M. Ccle. and beloved daughter
cf Mr. ar.d Mr*. John Bright of Cambria.
Cal.. and mother of Myrtle Cole and Mrs.
F. W. Mozier. a native of Wisconsin, aged
47 years.
DOYLE— In this city. June 11. 1904. at his
parents' residence. 2735 Folsorn street. Rus-
Ml] D.. beloved son cf Dennis E: and Etta
Poyle, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 1 month en,d 6 days.
DUNNE— In this city, June U, 1904, Francle l
J., beloved son cf Fred F. and Cecelia F.
I>unne a native oC San Francisco, ased 1
year 4 rr.or.th* and C days.
Vy The funeral will take place to-morrow
fMonday). at 10:30 o'clock, from the resl- .
donee cf hie rraaflparents. Mr. and Mrs, J. '
Pur.Uavy, ec5 Larkin street. Interment |
Holy Croc* Cemetery. :
ERWIX— In this city. June 9, 1904. Annie,
dearly beloved -wife - of Andrew L. Erwin,
and s!*ter of Jcstph Schwartz, a native of
New York, a red 47 years 10 months and \i
days. A member of Oriental Rebekah Lodge
No. 90, I. O. O. F.. and Cypress Circle No.
14. 0. A. O. D. (Nevada and St. Lawrence
Conr.ty. N. Y.. papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-dar |
(Sunday), June 12, at 2 o'clock, from Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner Seventh and Market i
streets, where services will be held under |
the auspices cf Oriental Rebekah Lodge No. <
80, I. O. O. F. Ir.terrcent Mount Olivet :
C<-tr.etery. by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Remains
at t*e carlors of H. F. Suhr ft Co.. 1137
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth. ;
FEDERLEIN — In this city. June 11, 1904. Jay
Fed«>rleln. beloved brother of Mrs. Carrie
Jacobs and Sophie Federlein, and uncle of
I!ar.-:>: W. Jacobs, a native cf New York.
C7Funeral and Interment strictly private.
FLYNN— In this elty, June 11, 1904. Francis
Victoria, beloved child of William and Maz-
Ele Flynn, a native of Ban Francisco.
Zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel cf the Golden Oate Undertakii* Com-
rar.r. 2475 Mission street near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
FRAMvLIN— In this city. June 10, 1904.
i Caroline, beloved wife of Abraham Franklin,
and mother of Mrs. M. Grovts. Mrs. C.
Sp!r.p!»r. Mrs. A. Silvey. Mrs. M. Maanlr.gr
and Minnie. Abe and Julius Franklin, and
the late Mrs. Dora Rothman. a native of
Poland, ated 57 years. ..
O'Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday;. June 12, at 10 o'clock, from her
lsta reiidenoc, 12 Roach street, off Filbert,
near Taylor. Interment New Salem Cem-
etery-
FRAVER— In this city. June 11. 1904. James
H. Fraver. a native of New York, ag*d SO
years.
GRAY— June 1L 1904. Mrs. Matilda Gray,
lEcther of Mrs. Annie HoeniKsberger, Mrs.
Amelia Ephrain, Mrs. Bessie Berllnsky, Mrs.
Ag-usta Markewitz and Herman Gray, a na-
tive of Roraean. Germany, aged 7S years 5
months and 4 days.
HART— In Berkeley. Cal.. June 11 1904. Grace
Pawning Hart, (laughter of R. G. and Mary
P. Hart, and sister of R. G. Jr.. William
M.. Lorraine Ancle and Albert Hart, a
native of San Francisco, aged 11 years 2
months and 11 days. (Redding and Grass
Valley papers please copy.)
' HOPKINS — In this city. June 11, 1904, Wll- :
liaia A., beloved husband of Winifred Hop-
kins, beloved eon of Timothy and Catherine
Hcpidns. brother of Mrs. George Ogden and
John Hopkins and son-in-law of Mrs.
Michael Wall, a native of California, aged
34 years 10 months and 10 cs.ys. A mem-
ber of Alcalde Parlor, N. S. G. W.
CTNotloe of funeral hereafter. Remains
at £52 Minna street. .
HOWE— In Alarceda. Cal.. June 11. 1904, Al-
vin J. Howe, beloved father of Mrs. Roscoe
0. Whined of Santa Ana. Mrs. Charles F.
HuS of Loe Angeles and Dr. Fred Howe of
Chicago, a native of Illinois, aged 55 years.
HYDE— In Oakland Cal.. June 10. 1904. Cath-
erine, sister of Philip Hyde, a native of Ire-
land, acred 75 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-mcrrow (Monday), at 9 o'clock, at tbe
Church of the Imn-.aculate Conception, cor-
ner Eighth and Jefferson streets. Oakland,
where a solemn requiem high mass wlU be
celebrated for the rej<oee of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock sharp. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
ISAACS— In this city. June 11, 1904, William,
beloved husband of Minnie Isaacs, eon of
Cecelia and the late Samuel Isaacs, and
brother of Julius and Louis Isaacs and Mra.
Lillle LubriFch. a native of San Francisco,
aged 31 years.
KILKENNY— In this elty. June 10. 1904.
Euaan. dearly beloved wife of the late
Francis Kilkenny, and beloved mother of
James, William. Pusan and Francis Kil-
kenny, and dster of Mrs. Patrick Reilly. a
native of County Leltrim. Ireland.
CTTrler.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 459 Clementina street, between Fifth
ar.d Sixth, thence to St. Patrick's Church
for services 1 at 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. A requiem high mass will
be celebrated for t>e repose of her soul
Monday. June 13. at 10 o'clock, at St. Pat-
rick's Church. Friends are Invited to attend.
MACDONALD— In Oakland, Cal.. June 11.
1904, Addle G., beloved wife of W. D. Mac-
donald and mother of Leonard C. and Her-
¦ bert C. Macdonald, a native of Nova Scotia
aged 41 years S months and 15 days. A
' member of Alma Circle No. 492, Women of
Woodcraft.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of James Taylor, 1211 Clay street, be-
tween Fourteenth and Fifteenth. Oakland.
MALDE— In this city, June 11. 1904. Howard,
beloved son of A. E. and Lottie Malde, and
brother of Hazel Malde. a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 years and 25 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend xhe funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig, Cochran A Co.. 429 Golden Gate are-
: nue. between Polk and Larkln streets. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
McGRATH— In this city. June 10, 1904, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late Philip Mc-
Grath, and mother of P. J.. Edward, John
J. and Kate A. McGrath and Mra. Walter
Vauirhaji. a native of Ireland.
tT The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
of Carew A English. 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem h!gh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city. June 11. 1904. Con.
O'Connor, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
SCHRADER— In this city. Jnne 11, 1904. Hen-
rietta Bernice, dearly beloved daughter of
W. F. and Anna N. Echrader. and loving
sister of Rudolph and Herbert Schrader. a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 years- 5
months and 12 days. (Los Angeles and New
Tork papers please copy.)
C7 Friends and acqualntancea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her aunt, Mra. E. Winter, 303 Stelner
street, corner Height. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
IZir hteer.tn and Guerrero streets.
EHANAHAN- la this city June 11. 1904,
Thomas Shanaban, beloved husband of the
late Bridget Ehanahan, and father of Nonle
ehananan, Mrs. William Stephens, Mrs. P.
Conway and the late Ellen Callahan. a na-
tive of Mltchelstown. County Cork, Ireland,
ared CS years.
C7"N'otice of funeral hereafter.
SMITH— In Oakland. Cal.. June 11 1904.
Georpe T. Smith, son of William and Georgi-
aaa Smith, a native of Scotland, aged 22
rears 7 month* and 9 days.
SULLIVAN— In this city, June 0. 1904, Jere-
miah, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
Sullivan and father of Michael F., William
1 . John. Jeremiah, Chariot. Mary. Mar-
raret Catherine and the lat« Edward J.
Eulllvan. a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
axed &> years. ' '
C7The funeral will take place Sunday,
June 12. at 10 o'clock, from his late rtsl-
dence 109 McrrlJ avenue, thence to St.
Rose's Church for sen-lee* at 10;30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery- A solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of hl« eoul at 9 a. ra. Monday at
St. Rose's Church. Friends are Invited tu
attend. ¦ • '
THOMAS— In this city. Jnne 11, 1904, Thomas
J., beloved father of William H., Hugh, Da-
vid Thomas Richard and John T. Thomas
and Mrs. J. Coover James, a native of
Wales, aged C7 years 6 months and 21 days.
A membtr cf King Solomon's Lodge, F. and
AM. and Morse Lodge No. 257, I. O. O. F. :
E7Krien<]t and acquaintances are reap .ft-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow :
(Monday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the mortuary
cbapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com- ,
par.y. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first. ;
thence by e;ectrtc funeral car from corner of |
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
CSuccessars to Flannspaa A Gallagher.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M«X
FUKERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth su. opposite Lincoln BchooL
Telephone South 60.
UNITED UNDERTAKBRS.
Funeral Directors and' Erabalzners- .
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at hon MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth «L
Finest Equipments at Moderate rates. '
F. J. Monahan,* Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN. O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
ZiSi-ZUl Mission st.. near Niacleenta. '
£aa FrancUco, ¦ '
"TJnipn"Gas Engines
"Union" . engines JB '»
"Union" engines are naaProfeiv^H^S^Jsii^gft.
rna.ny > **Un- tj^^Kf ¦ , ¦^^S^SsPS&j^^^^^^a i iftBrSSSS^^^^S'- |
in use in . 55 xc. p. 3-crzosszs u mn0B" uabur: laraxaz.
this port than those of all other makes combined. They are fitted to
run on. gasoline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. Special fittings for
kerosene and crude oil. Send for out catalogues, stating requirements.
Unlongas£n|meCompiiysM^«S5iMOSCOW, June 11.— A swindler bear
ing the lordly English title of "Marquis
Robinson" has been sentenced to six
months' imprisonment at Nljnl-Nov
gorod for imposing on credulous peas
ants. For three weeks the • Marquis
Arrested' for Telling Lies.
LONDON, June ' 11.— One of the most
popular i and at the; same i time one of
the most beautiful of the young; En
glish women of to-day is Lady Violet
Poulett, a sister of young Lord Poulett.
Their place at Hinton. St. George Is one
English Beauty. Noted 'for Wit.
ST. LOUIS, June 1L— The following
Californlans have registered at the ex
position:
San Francisco— Mr. and Mrs. George
Registers at Exposition Contain Names
of Many From Golden State.
CALIFORNIA?^ AT FAIR..
Russian Countess Is Popular.
PARIS, June 11.— The most popular
hostess In the exclusive set of the Rus
sian colony in Paris is Countess de
Benardaki. sister-in-law^ of Admiral
Skrydloff, who lately arrived In Man
churia to take the chief command of
the Russian naval forces there in sue.
cession to Admiral- Makaroff. The
Countess , lives on Rue de Chaillot, in
an elegant" house filled with art treas
ures.
MONTE CARLO, y^rrro. June It—
Among the notable visitors at^ Monte
Carlo this season has been th" .incesa
Mohammed Ibrahim, who Is a daughter
of the famous Ismail Pasha and a cou
sin of the present Khedive of Egypt.
She was lavishly entertained here»by
the English colony. Her costumes were
considered the handsomest of the sea
son.
Egyptian Princess at Monto Carlo.
ST. LOUIS, June 11.— The executive
board of the World's Fair has an
pounced the official attendance figures
lor May as follows: Paid admissions,
524,088; admissions by. pass, 958,427.
The large number of pass admissions
is explained bythe fact that thou
sand* of' workmen were employed at
the ground." during May."
Sir Hugh Gilzean-Reld of London,
England, who was president of the
World's Press Parliament, will deliver
the address at the ' opening of the
Robert Burns Cottage next Tuesday.
During the Month of May 524,088
People Paid to See ' Exposition. >
MANY VISITORS AT FAIR.
masqueraded as the hero of a hundred
fights. He lectured on his exploits at
Port Arthur, where, according to his
own account, he was wounded and
captured by the Japanese.
of the finest' estates in Somersetshire,
and, there Lady Violet entertains in the
most lavish fashion. She has the repu
tation* of being one of the most charm
ing. of English hostesses, and is noted
for her wit. .¦ k . O'.'vi'v
R. J. Mahargr, Mrs. W. J. Maharg and
A. Seaman. ______
Jameson, Mrs. W. Jameson; Roth Ham
ilton, Max Hof man," John Jlauerwaas,
C. D. Black, H.'- Privmann, Chris
Krempel, Mrs. J.;G..Talt,;Mr. and Mrs.
A. O. Rosenthal, Mrs. D.Remlck, Jo
seph Riley, D. j K.,-' Kelly, William T.
Nile and wife, Mrs. B. . B. Harris", An
drew Eksteln, Mr. and Mrs. C..W. Da
vis and Misses Mary and Carrie Davis.
San Jose— W. E. Hazeltine, Mrs. C.
Doerr, Charles Doerr, George E. j Hyde,
J. E. Addicbtt, Mrs. M. E. Brown, Al
bert Benedict, Frank Fleming and H.J.
Wallace. *j ; 0 : t^
Oakland— H. E. Balch, ' Mrs. J. A.
Park, W. S. Wall; Edith M. RJckley and
Imogene Rlckley. ¦
Fresno^-Miss Louise Nertel, J. B. An
derson, Mrs. . J. B. -.Anderson, Mr. and
Mrs. E. B. Waterman, M. i R. Jackson,
Mrs. Harry L. Roff, Mr. and Mrs. J. B.
Snedden, Dr. and MrsJj. D. Davidson,
L Teilman, A. K. Tell man, I. H. Tell
man,' Warren Teilman and George S.
Coblentz. .
Riverside— L. r P. Barnum', Mrs. R. J.
Macy and Miss Helen P. Macy.
San' Bernardino— Mrs. C. F. Prescott
land C. F. Prescott
Alameda-rH.|H. Case, W. J. Maharg,
He sent drawings of these to the
Ministry of War and received from
headquarters the order of present him
self in Berlin. . S?9
Ludwig, who; is only 20 years old,
says he has been offered $9000 for his
Inventions.
BERLIN. June 11.— Albert Ludwig, a
coal miner in- the provinces, the other
day applied for leave of absence. Bay
ing he had been summoned to Berlin
by the Ministry of War.
The mine overseer thought the man
was joking, but he found, to his sur
prise, that Ludwig had in his leisure
hours invented a new kind of machine
gun and two rifles of original con
struction.
INVENTS WAR. WEAPONS
DURING LEISURE HOURS
J. Lambley. Charles Kleb, Mrs. R. E.
Lalande, Mrs. Godfrey, W. H. Nolan,
William Lawlor, George B. Miller. M.
J. Ryan. Mrs. Cora Wilson, Charles H.
Williams and wife, William F. Wood,
H. A. Marvin. Mr. and Mrs. J. Chorley,
Richard, C. Rankin, Mrs. F. A. Child, E.
Gundelflnger. Mrs. Alice B. Chlttenden,
Miss M. Chlttenden, Mrs. A. J. Car T
many, Miss Ida Carmany, Miss Nellie
Emerson, Mrs. A. Christeson, I: T. Ten
nem, Velma Butler. Mrs. W. J.'Land
ers, J. H. Henn, Mr. and Mrs. A.- F.
McFarland, C. C. O'Donnell, r Mrs.
C. C. O'Donnell, Mr. and Mrs.
Mersf elder, Mrs. E., S. Johnston,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Polum, Master Charles
Polum. Leo Kalman, Dr. J." H. . Graves,
William F. Garins, Fred Blucher, Rich
ard Sternitzky. Walter T. Garms,
George H. Blucher,' Mrs.- R. C. Sneath,
Mrs. Frank Dllllngham, Miss Dllllng
ham,. J. Boy son," Anna 3VL , Stovall,', G.
W. Loehart andMrs. G. H. Loehart-
Los Angeles— J.B. .Wadsworth, Fan
nie T. Carpenter, • Mrs. L. H. . Miller,
Mrs.Whlte. Miss Hernandez, E. R. Hale,
Miss C. E. Carey, W. C. Walden. W.'H.
Walden, Joseph Scott, C. Carpenter,
Mrs- C. C. Carpenter, F. Carpenter, W.
, San Bernardino and Santa Barbara
counties have entered the lists against
(he States that are supposed to hold
the "apple supremacy and are fully on
sn equal footing with the latter in the
exhibits of that fruit It was sup
posed that California would have to
give place, when apples are in question,
and that those displayed by Missouri.
Idaho and Arkansas could not be sur
passed or equaled. Special displays
have been made by San Bernardino and
Santa * Barbara that equal anything
shown by States known as the homes
of 'the apple. Their sixe, color and
flavor are comparable with those of
any part of the Union.
The mining display is ready at last.
State Mineralogist Aubury has been
compelled to reduce the sizes of signs
that private exhibitors in the space
wanted to nut on their displays. The
borax people are still to be reckoned
with. They have not only made ex
hibits In both California and Nevada
epaces. but 'in the former they have
erected what Is supposed to be an
exact representation of a package of
their borax. It is a cheap, ugly affair,
about Jwelve feet high and six feet
square and looks like a section of a
vacant lot advertising fence. Califor
nlans have severely criticized It It
gives a very cheap • effect to what
would otherwise be a very pretty dis
play. ¦
Mr. and Mrs. George C. Roeding of
Fresno are to return to their home In
Fresno this week. They have made
themselves very popular here and their
departure will be regretted. Mrs. Roed
ing has graciously devoted much of her
time to entertaining visitors at the
California building. something she
knows well how to .do.
Dr. John Gallagher of San Francisco
dropped into St Louis from Chicago
during the week and Is now on his way
home by way of New Orleans.
Cork from trees grown in Fresno
County is exhibited in the Government
building at the exposition. It is a very
good quality and cork brings a very
good price, but unfortunately for the
industry in California It takes about
fifteen years for the trees to produce a
commercial crop. The cork forests that
have been doing business at the old
Etand In Spain for centuries are prob
ably not in immediate danger of being
rendered valueless by Fresno. Many
a laurel has been wrested from the old
world nation by the California county,
lliowever, and the latter can get along
for* the present without growing cork.
. Mendoclno County has sent 5000 ar
tistic booklets, showing her beauties
and resources, and they are being dis
tributed at the California building. The
beautiful display of redwood/burls in
the Forestry building is made -by Men
docino. but she has no individual dis
play.
* "<• " CALIFORNIA APPLES.
On the World's Fair map is a square,
up where the camping forest stands,
marked "Wild Animals or California."
Nothing seems to be doing there and
neither the State Commissioners nor
any other Callfornlans here know what
this space Is reserved for. Aubury has
a dim suspicion that It is the ground
intended for the natives. He is going
to investigate and If he finds this to be
true he will buy all the maps and burn
them.
Lewis F. Aubury. State Mineralogist,
who has charge of affairs for the Na
tive Sons at this end. is waiting for
credentials to be forwarded him by the
grand president. Ab soon as he re
ceives them he will see the fair officials
relative to the proposed excursion of
the parlors. He thinks the encampment
project feasible and believes, the offi
cials will help it along, as the visit of
these young men to the region from
which the fathers of many -of them
began the oxtraln journey to the Pa
cific In pioneer days will have a ro
mantic significance. Aubury will gath
er about him as advisersrthe other Na
tive Sons in the California colony here,
of which there are several.
WILL DESTROY MAPS.
CAIAj BUREAU, WORLD'S FAIR.
ST. LOUIS, June 11.— Stories are be
ginning to float about the World's Fair
grounds of 6000 native born Califor
nlani who are coming to the fair In
a body some time in the fall and who
Trill camp under the maples up in one
corner of the grounds. There is much
inquiry about this rumored coming of
the natlv« Callfornlans and much cur-
Iflslty on the part of foreigners and
"way down Easters." who have never
visited the coast There Is argument
as to whether these natives are dark
as the Maccabebes and whether they
affect the costume of the Igorrote and
pugilist or cover themselves with skins.
It being generally known that Cali
fornia has a temperate climate, the
Igorrote theory prevails. Besides the
savants of New Hampshire and Maine,
who have waded clear through the ad
vanced geography and thus gained
enviable reputations for learning In
the Eastern culture belt, explain that
it is the Esquimaux, up about the
north pole.who wear skins other than
their own.
It Is generally conceded that the
California natives do not eat dogs as
do the Igorrotes, so in case the pro
ject of an N. S. G. W. encampment at
the World's Fair carries, the flower of
California's young manhood will not
be charged, as the meek Filipinos have
been, with the crimes committed by the
sly Wienerwurst man.
BY PAUIi EDWARDS.
Rumors of Influx of West
erners Create a Furor on
the Exposition Grounds
LABGE CAMP PEOPOSED
Prospective Arrival of Army
of CaUfomians at Fair
Arouses Great Curiosity
EAST WONDERS
ABOUT NATIVES
THE I SAN FlflNCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE ->12, lOOi.
48
UALJi'S. | HALE'S, \ i HALE'S. I HALE'S. I HALE'S. T
Finest Chance Yet to Buy Summer Skirts
tfU&^W V m To Get the Right Weight, the Right Cloth, ths Right Style, and to Save Money. <^P^» JT^*<&
£a-^^0Qoi>**iH>£'^ broadcloths, homespuns and snappy mixtures; grays, browns, blues, «$^i|iur>
m&BaWr tans and blacks; in the height of their beauty and popularity, and t 9 — 7 ~p. , « . JTZ c °
American Cut Glass W Jl' marked it ah™ ir wh-it it cost to rrnk-r them - [£ 7 A UOOU iylUSIin, OC
In the art room on the third --;¦¦ at-^-/ w; ,. " .,, . . r^, ; • • i . K^f Who has heard of the like of
floor will be shown this week J -jKL^ Not a thing tvrong with a single one. The factories were wind- that lately? It's more unusual still
some of the newest designs and • . /<^\TO^ ™ g " P . their season.^They wanted to get to work oAill skirts, and f!!///j[//S g'ood'heav^g'rade'itil'
shapes in American cut glass. Vfl\\^V\ the quicker they coffld make the turn the better they d like it. lI//J[fflfJ I fuI1 yard wide, and that there is
We want you to notice how deep i^^^\.W T»L ¥ j IT O Tl • r i ¥• ± ¥ \l U 11/ ' ff A \ more than 3000 yards.
and perfect the cuttings^are and . \] V US lASSQ T^IT SUfOlUS LlflCS lit 3 LOSS ". MMfLX Q Its unbleached.
how well polished each piece is . •w«^#&w||lMI - " ' \Wi I It? ' // J&S* | «_
and that the prices are not as vw^^^SHX^ They preferred Hale Bros, because we could take all they \\M\\B/Jr lT^-^1 Free Lesson SCnOOl
high as you would expect. • '/ iat^' .So you may expect a wonderful variety, even greater than $\ In
J1.25— Handle olives; perfect, heavy, /gZfifWWsH^ regular stocks can show, yet at way under regular prices. Not a \\r~~A jc i An 4-v.a«« Rumimr
blank rich cuttings, well polished; ,t /MfWbfflr skirt that kn't riaht nn n the latP<;t ' WOOCl & Leather DUming
repuJar J2.25 value. A // ; Jp«IS«« SKUt tliat 1S11 t right up 111 111C latest St> le. • T«*-r..» ;« A-^v^T,'r , V frv dav
*:.io-s P oon tray; fancy shape, deep „ . M|^fflV| Many of them are self-trimmed with pleats and folds of the T f h^X th^Th/of doSe thh
chrvsanthftnum pattern, best crys- ,. I; !• /'/// >i®>^3ii1UBin • . . i • . -i t 1 • ¦ *- i>?-;^^ -vV^ii li you nadn t tnou^nt OI aoin^ ini->
taiViass. it can't be had regular- I • 'i! l/f same material ; some are strapped with tailor stitched trimming; !i$§P£&31 kind of work, it's well to look
iy under $4. .\\ ll\ • !l|/.^^^>l|lfflsl others with taffeta and peau de soie straps; all in the height of • 'i|#^l^|i into it.
|2 -"u75%?ai?r2. B: c r ufting r . on'he^y \\\ V\\W/ Mffig® ffi their beauty and usefulness. Let's look at the first one. / Bc f idcs ' th 7? arc hundr^\ of " £W
crystal blank, fully finished and HmvMv/ jWI' ;t '»!!' SH - - 1 #li $$0\ '#/$- wooden novelties we are just show-
well polished; regular value J 4.00. V\\\\\\ I H-ffll lill \M All TwT^^.1 T)[7»^ IIvyv^ X Clri*»f COHC - \% V ' U/^>yJ ing that will interest any one who
• ~^- All- Wool Walking SKirt $2.95 n f^Mfe h a^ y^
Knives, Scissors, ¦^»i|||||*5* n^^ S^^^X^ '¦8£.££-J\X t £A£ * 2 M$mMW » r *«^-^"»"-
l?fl7Ot"Q v.w*®Jf 41^-1^1 "'iiil II iVW brown mixtures and self-trimmed, as this picture shows. mK ¦¦''&& if W-^WiiC' i-» • r\ 4-f*. Cl ie
l\a&\Ji & .^^ ; iSfi&MwUriiV 53.05-Even more remarkable; alpacas, cheviots and voiles, in dress lengths. jfi^ «?• {(#3^%,^^ BUPning UUttlt, 5 *
Here S Special CUtlery news tO and some pretty mixtures iii walkins leiiKths; Fkirts in evury way eiiual igaP?^^ g^-S^Hft^i?^^ Fvtra nlatmtim ooin f a are%elline
- ,. ,,«. m * r x Wt\$WMj®£^ to any we have seen at $6.00 and J6.75. The .walking skirt is worth 55.00. MWj7^W% : - : -t- xtra platinum Poinj- 3 j V. ,?
interest many. £mBBm™mW&%\8$^ J5.00— Another big ch6o.sin B . almost every material: and then at $6.73. $7.50. MmW^SB &W£w§M&^ " OW Zt75 l' $I -°° t°r $I - 2; "
Think of pearl-handled pocket M.Wima 'Am « M"%\ W§/ * s - 75 aml s iono - lu tnis 5 10 - 00 lot are Kkirts that can't be had in the . ™M {'(p "M'h ¦ W'&w* \^.v^ Every one is tested before you
knives, handy size for women's purses, %$§§$ tlfiJH.W regular way at $15.00. • tH^=» ilteSVt^C- take it.
25c. "^^^. \W H»..^^ Yes> tne y're values, if there ever were values, but to get full force of Vbir'f&S.-^''" Extra cork handles. 20c and 30c
Bone or stag handled knives, 3 >^si^^^*r^»f^^'^ them you must see them. Every skirt has been tried on a living model Large bulbs and tubing, $1.00.
blades, but 50c. ''" before we accepted it. We won't sell you at a bargain what isn't good to &s^~x£r?:l~**~ We have also plenty of gloss and
Pearl-handled pocket knives of the -~~~- sell at regular prices. , **^ stains.
famous Krusius brand, 65c. • . . j ! » ; . f — —
2 S t .TaffetaPblka- Dot Ribbons pfi||piilipK I|S : wubtaM [
B§iilif^l Lowest of AH Prices 20c Qreat Offering Untrimmed |^gpii|
Splendid Razors, $1.50 L '" VVC:5t ¦ * 4 * ih^^^ "™M *Ztvz*X\r Qft5ir^^C 5lt J^C mer favorites. The variety is a 3 T
They bear the Krusius. stamp, that i he ttezvest and prettiest ribbon there is for the neck. No kiDVl ClVV 4Z71fld.|/WZy CS.L £*%J\* complete as it is possible to find. J
Con?e°^th n 1 ) one Og or Ze blacV h rubb S e 1: r bettcr &<<*!*& no prettier, more desirable' shades, and see how Mostly white and light shades that women want right now Prices are right* for instance:
handles the keenest, kind of . edges, many: 'for the country. Then a few of them are toned with plaid %?*? J°£ at^c.
and the kind that keep keen. Whlte wIth red dots . wlth nsiVy dots . ' - v > ' Wh?t^ SJL?J?7 fiS m-he? ?«^ e
A combination razor strop. In which White with lilac dots. - White with black dots. COlOrS. .; Wnite organaie, 00 incnea, supc-
there is a hone and strop combined. White with blue dots. White with pink dots. aii „-,,, _ii ann A nft 4- m , p n f th Pr ,i rn«s ht>pn nn sale before nor «n»sh, 30c.
$1.00. Red with white dots. Pink with white dots. . A11 ne^» a11 gooa, not one ot tnem nas Deen on saie uciurc Unons start at 7c, then 8 1-30,
Blue with white dots. Navy with white dots. an d are just out of their boxes to-morrow morning for the nrst I0 d J2 i ic and op
Interesting Notes From a, 7 " ddot . s \y K . B1 !' k wlth 7^ te do t ts - . ! , , time; hats that heretofore have been selling at $ 1.60, and in va-
lnteresting l\Otes hrom Almost every combination and then to thmk of > dozen at one price to-mor- -~ i — «MD
i the Art Section °*}y W 1 "? a^«t half what it s worth, for we have seen it row y m ornin ff -2cic M
Figured drapery silks-Here are ' sold lately in the city close to 45c zH. inches wide. Ask our They're the odd lots this factory found on hand at the end • More
\v?UriIt-nnU^iSn»"?him?o ! r ! L & T {or / 0^ . , A , „ of the season. So there isn't much of any one thing. It's well Voile Duchesse, 25c
We arc not only selling them for 7 c Ribbons— 3% to 4 inches wide, fancy striped and shaded effects, t n h P nn hon.1 v , n ?-««?;„«• , n
draping but many of them for bright shades; also some plain taffetas, in tan, brown,- blue, to be on hand early. _ _ ¦ TPTMMTKrr «; nv Very dressy, very tempting— so
making kimonas, all select col- white- and think of the price— only 7c If you want us to, WE WILL PUT THE TRIMMINGS ON much so that we are sold out of what
ors, 49c yard. ?_« ioc Ribbons— A fine, lot of satin taffetas, in white, 3H to 4 inches FREE OF CHARGE. And see, your trimmings will cost less than we had long, before we thought we
Pillow tops 12 He that we have for- wide * you think they would. • would be. . • . •'¦ 8
tS^Si^S^SSS&. ¦¦ , Halo's ribbon section never lacks interest. W, stand as All These Flowers 5c All These. Flowers 15^ gSaJ^Sggg^S^ag!
ing, all pretty floral designs, close to the ribbon centers as any ribbon store can. W lien A table fun They snow some Odd spr ays left over from ouf a nd gray grounds with white flecks;
i2^c each. - there is an inkling of a bargain our New York buyers are ' on handling, but their usefulness and early selling. : ™*;™V r ** o Z™:? l v™i 34 inches wide.
Pillow cords, pretty colorings, 3-yard hand first. - • beauty isn't hurt. Some were sold fresh as tney once were . The price
lengths, with large tassels on ' • for as high as 35c. makes up for that.
the ends, I2^ic each. -^_* . ' 4 ¦ ' -d- t *W V
More new floss pillows; how they O lfiftTl?i1Jtiriftrfc m £^^ *+ f\ s\ r\ * /~* a • • g clean-up tnis weeK.
fejgfesg|||^f^& (FvfflfevW^wWw&WGb. 3000 Lace Curtains Men's Fancy
il:lS:::::: iI ilS__i?:iS::::::::^ Opportunity ill RinffS This Special OffeHno; Stiff Bosom Shirts
Ann R^cni-oa/lc 1^ F V1 ** / J *^v»m*^^ £- , o >, o matter if they are worth 75c
UUU DeUSpreaUS IOr ; (SaleJf Unusual Interest ) One of the largest curtain mills in the country turned over and $ loo, we have marked every.
Snectel Sell inc" This Week , ,, • j / to our New York -buyer all their season's surplus, dozens and 5^,^
They're Tust in from the mill-- Whoever thought they could get such pretty rings and such odd dozens o{ a patt ern. No curtains could be newer and none A^r Each
the mill experts say there is % ood ° nes f or 2 5 C ' 5 OC and ? I - OO? What's better yet, every prettier and none more desirable ; even greater variety to select 1 - <u ' 11
something wrong with them, but ring is fully guaranteed. Even if you pay but 25c, . you're from than regular stocks can show. And the frSn GamUTerTaies*,
for the life of us we can't find a safe. Maybe you think it is too much for us to advertise. PriCQSt^B. Full Third LeSS Than Regular all good patterns; some have a
hurt; only now and then, and it's ¦ ./-I' . t r^t ,,. r^. • ¦ r\vr ' ' ' ' 50 cent.— Nottlnghams. a small quan- 95 cents— A Nottingham worth $1.23. couple of pairs of cuffs, some one
• 1 . o t - .. C/^li/4 l^r\\A Qt-»£»11 l-?it-»r-ro OSr tltv "^ vard curtains for not many of them, but the val- pair. .No man need be disappointed,
not important. Sometimes there OOllCl UOlCl Onell KingSZjC Sow basement or attte u W are' there; 4 patterns; for there is every size in the lot-14
is an Oil spot from the machine or The h f . . t settines but come and see them They • windows. str ? ns thread and very lacy ; to 17. If any man needs a shirt this
a loose thread overlooked-Htt.e J, |lip£ .».,», «ne '^^SSSSSS' i fy^SSi t^ZVSAT^ WI " tS
hurts no one Will ever think of wearing imitation jewelry now. swJsSt 40 Jn . by 3 yds.. * Scotch net. 3^ yds. by 50 in. ana pay aDout nau pnec. 43 c
when thev see the bargain thev Plain band baby rings, solid gold, shell, 25c. striped patterns with 4-inch 8 patterns. _,_..„„
Ire JettW 50c rings have single or double settings, in opals, garnets, tur- ruffle; the regular 90c kind. 9^^' an ca c^[^ ea^ or o t^ e | 4^ _
are geiLing. quoises, emeralds." ¦. _ parlor or library The de- 'rf ama^ mm — — ** *— *^!1
The Crochet Spreads $1.00 rings have two, three and four settings; pearls, gar- G9 cents— l^pular S3c curtains, fully signs are tlie neatest we have C^ ¦„, | ,¦¦¦ I Ililili MM
Are Double Bed Size nets, turquoises, opals, emeralds and sapphires. Some in . 10 ° Pf 1 ™- ™* nc , or f"";. 3 . yet peen. They're in the popu- g^VmgfeTffkTt^
Are iJOUDlC aeQ bize. , S ' _f_-_ t ,: c - .. /. yds. long. They re all right lar Arabian color, with narrow VJYi '.g»l!!'!!l['l3 l ' K>^ t;^
$1.23 quality now 35c. Clusters, aiso a marquise v>|,V_ for small bedchamber wtn- borders; deaiRns worked with Lli' '-''¦ '; v. .- ''- ' "• "
Heavier quality is J1.10. setting, $I.OO. > "ifift^- dows heavy raised cord.
&?flMS^is ,1.4.. $I witif^eaT li 'tl°n^ sh ting S ie! c ° 15c and 2Oc Curtain Net at 8J§c and IOc :Kffl|
Tlie Marseilles Spreads. opals, garnets and turquoises. It's al?o a special purchase in a special way; some 2000 yards of 'PllffijV^f]
1 1S%S S?.!"' Also >°-Kamt Gold Rings. Diamond Rings $10.00 ' |||| .
$3.75 quality at J2.60. Misses' and children's band rings, • Prettiest sweetest rings of ioc. About half-price. L^lIM'f Will H
Who wants a bedspread? Or S ' I In : the 1 \ T ! ffa »y 'f^f' t V Those extension on.s fur dainty Amon, them are some of the pret-
u u " , ", ' c i c r j' u i * ' ? • e f«r karat gold rings that arc not to curtain draping: use them for any tiest patterns we have seen; sillso- l liWll|lllll. k '
two or three Of them? bpeak, Solid gold io-karat set nngs tor be had in the regular -way un- width window from 30 to 50 inches, lines that sell regularly at 12%c A
write or telephone. v misses, $2.25, $2.50 and ? 3 ..oo. der $I7 . 5O . No room to - teU _ Good Trunks, $5.25
r Many kinds of settings in all you how it haooened All you *-»-• V "» ' »*- ¦« y 't ». »
swift's PridlLaundrv s^ *°« d -"^ *- isii^l^^S Two Great Ldce Values f^TA^t
Swift s Pride Laundry j, _ No One Will Want to Miss S'SK^S
. ¦; The first lot; cotton Torchon laces and insertions, the pret- at all the brass bumpers, even the
9 bars to-morrow for _!> c . « £y * t 1 • '"to f\ tiest and newests styles that we have just received, and are on brass lock, strong clamps and an
50c Parlor Brooms at 29c. 9 #\ **%£* 1T% pCO 1 I^C *<fl Bf *J\* sa i e for the first N time to-morrow morning;. 2%, 3 and 4 extra pair of straps. Inside is a cov-
The best kind, made of selected Eastern «J d. E-/C4 IIV^OV 4b^7 fl A l\Ot v-FW/ inches wide, that are not to be had regularly under 8 I-3C, ioc and cred hat box, 28 in., a good average
CO Bi S se n ir O s n ™rp C et sweepers, antique i • u 'A ii c. ~ r. <; ' u I2%c. , size. Though if you want a larger
oak or mahogany finish. #1.70. White only, 27 inches wide, an excellefit quality, fine, sheer,., _ _/ Nottingham allovers worth regularly 6oc and 75c fully size, 30 in., is $5-75; 32 m., $6.35; 34
TO^n^sTiU O wit\°rv er :» firm ' at an exceptionally low price; 30c. : , g5 C Sing Lmmerlacl SC 'wS hM^ g^JJ *^
26c washboards. 17c. Good average /- ir^V^^i^: »T-«» V- /• .-. r^' w ' and yokes. They come in pretty creams, whites, and, best trunk, that beats a 11 trawes we nave
siz9- , .- f-\r'r* U?ln^]/ I OTT/^fb iz-s/^ of all, two-toned effects that are so much wanted and so scarce; also seen and one we are seiiing a great
11-inch chop bowls. 7c I I Cl n I (A L IX I Cl I I V^ I "/1(')L' hlnrk- Average half nrice «c many of JUSt HOW.
15c Rolling Pins at 6c. W J-MCIV^IV 1 U11VIU, black. Average halt pnee, 35c Th i s trunk store is measuring ap to
Good hard wood, full size, less than half Not a poor quality, either, but an all-silk and in the best dye, a fine, • Next St. Louis excursion June I =J and l6. Pick OUt your its full stature now. Hardly any kind
"ajjffS^JSfc?" • . cui 1^>S. Se " SrCg °' 3r ' yat65C - S -' dMb " yi " g bH " KS this spe l ;/nmfo «,d /^Wmg &ag , to-norro,, ¦¦ ;.;.;.' - g^^i/^^ M7 !hiP '- "'
75c Crepe de Chines, .-'S'Oc <$LJBLffl V <> 85a Fancy Silks, 55c
The one most favored silk of the hour in all the /Mr^/^^^ <^^Sk Dots and stripes, amoi.g which are all the popular col-
nnnnlar evening and street shades' 24 inches wide To >®^ /Mm <$£^ (gggl^^£SS&' ors of browns, blues, greens, cardinals, blacks, etc.; the
popular evenin o and street snaaes, incne* wiae. 10 imp Mf^*^ -. • _ sjlk Qf si}^ fQr shirt waist dresses and costum es. We
find it now at the height of its beauty and usefulness at a 0^ \^£^J§®®® GOQ2*&*r don't know of any one else in the city selling them under
bargain is unusual— 50c. '- ; ,, i, , _^ . : ''0. 19 inches wide, 55c. ;
A- well located lodging-honse
provides a good income. Quite a
few, "nicely situated, are adver-
tised to-day, i . r i
Read the list of LODGING-
HOUSES FOR SALJE.
TIIE FUGITIVE.
The second installment of this
powerful personal narrative
of IITe among the Jews In
Russia and America. ,
'. ? , ; ; By Ezra S. Brndno.
NEXT SUNDAY CALX*