VOLUME XCVI— NO. 27.
SAN. FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CLEVELAND SAYS
THE NOMINATION
IS NOT FOR HIM
CribrU, June 27, 10:30 a* m. — A Chinese who has arrived here from the vicipity or rort Arthur ma junk reports that at daylight last Friday
morning he saw two large Japanese warships and three torpedo-boats withdraw from the fleet off Port Arthur* All of the vessels were damaged, indicating that
desperate fighting had occurred* Thursday's battle was begun by the Russians, who sought to engage Admiral Togo while a portion of his ships were absent
CONTENDING FLEETS LOSE HEAVILY IN NAVAL
BATTLE FOUGHT OFF PORT ARTHUR HARBOR
Shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday
morning Andrew Riley. a hodcarrier.
was found In a dying condition near
the corner of Sheridan and^- Ninth
streets. He died a few hours later.
A bq.Het had crashed into his brain.
The Southern police later located
Harry Radcliffe, a porter, who ad
mitted, shootlns Riley. Radcliffe said
the nian had insulted hi* wife. Mr*.
Radcllffe contradicted her husband's
story and the police' believe that Rad
cliffe held Riley up and murdered him
when he offered resistance.
RILEY'S SLAYEK IS FOUND
AND POLICE THINK HE SHOT
IN ATTEMPT AT ROBBERY
Police investigations corroborate
these favorable reports of Riley's char
acter- The detectives are confident
that he was. not the sort of man who
would insult a defenseless woman.
"I shot Andrew Riley because he In
sulted my wife." said Harry Radcllffe,
accused murderer, yesterday.
Continuing, he said: "My wife was
waiting for me at the corner of Ninth
and Folsom at 1 o'clock this morning.
Riley approached and insulted her
grossly. I followed him and killed
him."
¦ '"I was not with my husband at 1
o'clock," said Mrs. Harry Radcllffe to
Captain Martin yesterday morning.
"I have never seen Riley at any time
and he has never spoken to me."
These conflicting statements have
caused the police to adopt the theory
that Harry Radcliffe attempted to hold
up Andrew Riley early yesterday morn
ing. The latter evidently resisted with
all hi3 strength and Radcliffe shot him
fatally.
Radcliffe - admits the shooting, but
declares that it was done in defense
of his wife's honor. Shortly after mak
ing the assertion that may place a
noose about her husband's neck. Mrs.
Radcliffe disappeared from sight of the
police.
It is believed that Radcllffe's half
brother, "'Dr. J. J. Keefe. advised the
woman to go into hiding until a law
yer can be secured for the prisoner.
Keefe would, neither admit that he
knew her whereabouts, but when last
heard of she was with him.
Radcliffe's victim was a hodcarrier.
He lived at 23 Sheridan street for four
years and had born an excellent repu
tation. Former neighbors say he was
a good natured. Inoffensive fellow, who
was never known tc- harm anybody.
Mrs. Cox. his landlady, said that in
the four years he had lived at her
house he had never missed a day's
work. He had never been under the
influence of liquor nor troubled her
in any manner. He told her he was to
be . married soon to a young woman
who bore the same name.
Continued on Page 2,- Column 3.
Continued 'on Pajre 3, Cohnsn 1.
TIENTSIN, June 26.— It Is reported
here that; 40,000 Russian troops are ¦ at
Tatchekiao, fifteen miles north of Kai
ping, where . intrenchments are > being
erected : and where, is i expected; a
stand will be made against the Jap
anese. ' i.
Russians Fortifying Tatcbckiao.
: CLEVELAND. Ohio, June 26.—
Christopher .Frese, an ex^City Coun
cilman," and his .wife. Louise, both over
'60 'years of age, were struck by a Lake
Shore electric car to-day, while ¦ cross
ing the tracks on the Clifton boulevard
and killed.' .'•__
Car Kills Aged Couple.
Attendance' at Fair Increasing.
ST. LOUIS, June 26. — The total at
tendance at the World's Fair for the
week ending last night, June 25. as
oflHcially- announced to-night, was
540.485, -an increase of more than
65,000 over the previous week, and
more than 402,777 over the total at
tendance for the -first week-
POPE IS PLl'ASED WITH
IUXKPTION OF SATOLLI
His Holiness Praises tlie Loyalty or
American Catholics to the
Church.
ROME. June 26. — The Pope has ex
pressed himself as highly pleased with
the very cordial reception given in the
United States to Cardinal Satolli.
Speaking to Cardinal Merry del Val,
the papal Secretary of State, his Holi
ness said: -'
"The American Catholics surpass all
my expectations In loyalty Co the
church.'* ..
KALAMAZOO, Mich., June 26. —
David Seeley, SO years old. Is under ar
rest, charged with bigamy. It is al
leged he has nine wives li\rtng.
The present charge is preferred by
Mrs. Julia A. Blanchard of .this city.
Seeley married her last April, when,
it is alleged, he had eight other wives.
His first wife lives in Otsego. near here,
and will testify against him. He has
wives living: in Chicago, Cincinnati and
Indianapolis, the omcers claim.
Six - years ago he married Lucy
Klllian cf this city and a short time
late- was sent to the Michigan peni
tentiary at Jackson for four years on a
bigamy charge. In the two years he
has been free he married five times.
It is still an open question whether
General Nelson 1 A. Miles will accept
the nomination for the Presidency. He
has left for an unknown -resort with
out leaving any definite statement be
hind. There is a faction of powerful
Prohibitionists who believe that Gen
eral Miles should be nominated by x the
convention even if he be not heard
from before the meeting. Others favor
the postponement of the convention
until that of the Democrats so r that
the platform and the candidates nomi
nated in St. ¦ Louis can be ': inspected
before the Prohibitionists get to work/
cerninsr Presidential Nomination.
INDIANAPOLIS, « June 26. — The
National ! Prohibition Convention j will
meet in Tomlinson Hall on Tuesday
with National Chairman O.vW. Stew
art of Chicago presiding. The nomi
nations for President and Vice Presi
dent will be made on Thursday after
noon. .
Prohibitionists In a Quandary Con-
MILES IS NON-COMMITTAL.
Octogenarian Must
Face Trial lor
Bigamy.
Inclined to Hold That Stoning of Mfn
" i«trr Is Treated Too I.tehtl y by
Small Government.
PARIS, Jane 26. — Hayti's apology
for the insult to the French Minister
at Port au Prince, Jf. Deprez, who was
stoned by the palace guards recently,
has been received by the Foreign Of
fice, but does not give satisfaction. It
appears to seek to make light of the
incident. The officials here are not
disposed to assume a belligerent atti
tude toward a small power, but they
expect Hayti to adequately realize and
r^drf-ss the offenses. Orders have been
issued to the commander of the French
prjuadron at Fort <3e France, island of
Martinique, to detach a warship for
Port au Prince.
rRAXCE MAY NOT ACCEPT •
THE APOLOGY OF HAYTI
NINE WI VES
FOR A MAN
OF EIGHTY
Governor Odell's action in Chicago,
when he tried first to bring about the
nomination of Speaker Cannon instead
of Senator Fairbanks for Vice Presi
dent against the wish of Senator Platt,
and then attempted to adjourn the con
vention on the second day, are being
used by the Platt men to enforce their
argument that the Governor and his
friends are not sincerely in favor of the
success of the Republican ticket in
this State next falL
not control, and to force the Governor,
in his capacity of chairman of the
State committee, to elect their man.
Governor Odell and his adherents are
pulling wires to obtain a candidate who
will perpetuate what the Governor has
already grained. The Platt men are pre
dicting that no candidate nominated by
Odell can be elected.
NEW YORK, June 26.— Senator Platt
is preparing to make a final stand ' In
the Republican State Convention to es
tablish his political authority in New
York State. The struggle between his
friends and the supporters of Governor
Odell for the Important privilege of
naming the. next candidate for Gover
nor promises to be more bitter than
that which preceded the passing, of
control In the State committee from
the Senator to the Governor.
Senator Platt and his friends, are
planning to bring about the nomination
cf a candidate whom the Governor can-
Senator to Make Final Stand In New
York State Convention.
PLATT VERSUS ODELtli.
"I am out of political affairs," he
ccntinued. "I have said it often, so
that it ought to be well understood."
Asked what he thought of the sug
gestion that the Democrats would do
wisely to take their candidate for Vice
President from the Southern States,
the former President dictated the fol
lowing:
"I must decline to enter into any
discussion of political questions at this
time. It cannot be possible that my
opinion -on any question that is about
to be involved in the national canvass
can be misunderstood. I do not expect
to be concerned actively in the plans
that are now< occupying the thought
and effort of the Democratic managers,
and it is Quito proper that I should be
out of that account. Inasmuch as I con
sider myself as absolutely retired from
political activities."
His first answer was a pantomime.
He vigorously shook his head and lifted
his hand deprecatingly. Then he ex
claimed with rapid utterance:
"That will not happen, that will not
happen, so there is no use of talking
about it.
"If the Democratic National Conven
tion again nominates you for the Presi
dency would you accept?" he was
asked.
PRINCETON. N. J., June 26.—
Former President Cleveland discussed
to-day some of the questions relating
to the coming campaign and election.
In high court and army and naval
circles, where the* report of the * Port
Arthur, affair has been freely circulated,
the Japanese version is received - with
considerable ¦ reserve. officials do
not attempt to disguise the seriousness
of and. the > far- reaching consequences
which might result; from the : " loss i:v of
three of. the; Port Arthur warshios, but
they, profess to be more ; inclined : to be
lieve that ! the vessels .were ¦ lost ¦ in open
fight'rather than as the result'of,a r tor-'
pedo'attack.. 'Should, this be the^case.'
they say; the • Japanese . could not have
ST. PETERSBURG, June 28.— Up to
to-night the Japanese report of the loss
of three Russian ships at Port "Arthur
has not been published here, although
the authorities have allowed to be
printed a statement that the. squadron
had made a sortie and also the news
of the loss of the Japanese torpedo boat
destroyers. '¦¦'',
An official explanation of the sup
pression of the Japanese report Is that
the Admiralty, is unwilling to unneces
sarily alarm the public by the circula
tion of such statements entirely, on the
authority of the enemy and in the ab
sence of definite advices from the com
mander at Port Arthur. It is alsq sug
gested as possible that there has been
a fight and that the Japanese have
minimized their own losses and magni
fied those of the Russians with a view
of effecting the. new loan which. It is
understood, Japan Is negotiating.
On the other heand, according to a
foreign naval attache, the Admiralty
to-day admitted that Rear Admiral
Withoeft, the naval ppmmander at Port
Arthur, lost one battleship and two
cruisers, but in the absence of details
there was an inclination to believe that
the ships struck some mines, the Ad
miralty not believing, in the face of
the lessons taught by the injuries to
the Retvizan and the Cesarevitch. that
Admiral Withoeft would have remain
ed in the outer roads at night, thus in
viting the dash by the Japanese . de
stroyers.
Inform Naval Attache, but Keep Popn
lace In Suspense.
RUSSIANS ADMIT LOSS.
I MAN "WHO WAS FOUND DYING. EARLY YESTERDAY MORNING ON NTNTH
I . STREET. HI3 SELF-CONFESSED SLAYER AND THE LATTERS WIFE.
WHOM HE CLAIMS HAD BEEN INSULTED BY HIS VICTIM.
Sage of Princeton Expects J\[o Fur
ther Political Honors.
NEW YORK. June 26.— After a bat
tle that was marked by ferocltv and
cunning. The King, a fine specimen
of the buffalo, the recognized leader of
the William C. Whitney herd in the
New York Zoological Park, and hither
to the undisputed champion of all buf
faloes, went down to defeat and death
to-day in a ..duel; with Black Beauty,
an old enemy. For twenty minutes the
big brutes waged bitter fight, resist
ing the efforts of the keepers to sep
arate them. No such conflict had ever
been witnessed, in the park,, although
Black Beauty had been worsted several
times by The King in minors encoun
ters. Beauty resorted to tricks in order
to avenge the humiliations The King
had heaped upon him. While the ruler
of the herd was lying on the grass
enjoying a siesta his enemy attacked
him, embedding his sharp . horns in
the side of The King. : ' Then . followed
a fight for mastery that will go down
In the history of the park as the most
ferocious ever witnessed.
Staggering to his feet after the first
attack; 'The King, with, a bellow of
fury, closed with his. enemy. Swaying
their shaggy heads from side to side,
charging and wheeling, the huge ani
mals gored each other with an aban
don-that struck terror to the hearts
of . their comrades, who withdrew to
view, the conflict from a safe distance.
The bisons struggled for supremacy,
their' loud bellowing being 'distinctly
heard a cuarter of a mile away. The
keepers were attracted by the tumult.
At the risk of their lives they attempt
ed to separate the infuriated animals
with pitchforks and pikes. . .
. The King, although badly j crippled
by the Injury he received at' the first
attack, for a time proved a match for
his enemy. But it was his last battle,
for with a rush that was not to be
denied Beauty, ."hooked" The King
through the lungs and the champion
fell to the sward. In vain he tried to
stagger to his feet. But he had received
his death blow and gradually>he sank
to .the; ground. Black Beauty 1 , became
the ruler of the combined herds.
; TberKing was the finest buffalo in
captivity in the United States.
! FORMER PRESIDENT GROVER CLEVELAND, ] VTHO DECLARES THAT HE IS
! NO.LONOER A FACTOR IN POLITICS AND THAT HE DOES NOT EXPECT
• TO RECEIVE THE NOMINATION 'AT ST. LOUIS.
"The Kinf Killed
at Zoo by Old
Enemy.
BUFFALOES
FIGHT DUEL
TO DEATH
"The newspapers publish eulogistic
articles upon Vice Admiral Togo's
prompt action."
"During the night eight separate at
tacks . were delivered, lasting until
dawn on Friday. In one of these as
saults the Chlrataka twice torpedoed a
battleship of the Peresviet type and
sank her. A battleship of the Sevasto
pol type and a cruiser of the Diana
type were disabled and towed away.
The Russian vessels re-entered the
harbor during Friday.
"Subsequently the Japanese decoyed
the Russians out to sea and awaited an
opportunity to be'gin a general action,
but between 8 and 9 p. m. the Russian
ships made for the harbor. The Japan
ese torpedo-boat destroyers and tor
pedo-boats chased the Russians and at
9:30 delivered the first attack, in con
sequence of which the^ enemy was
thrown Into disorder.
LONDON. June 26.— The Central
News has received the following dis
patch from its Tokio correspondent,
dated June 26, evening:
"A detailed account of the naval bat-*
tie at Port Arthur has just been pub
lished here. ¦ The Russian battleships I
Feresvlet, .Poltava, and .'Sevastopol and
the~cruis"<3rt BayAn, As&~plfi^trivnjioylk-|
attempted tp emerge from the | harbor j
at dawn on June 23, led by steamships
used for clearing the mines. ¦}. At: 11
o'clock the battleships Cesarevitch,'
Retvizan and Pobleda joined the oth
ers.
"All the ships then advanced, en
deavoring to dispose of the mines laid
by the Japanese, but they were hin
dered by two Japanese torpedo-boat
destroyers, which had been guarding
the mouth of the harbor.
"At 3 p. m. the Japanese torpedo
boats exchanged shots with seven Rus
sian destroyers, which were covering
the clearing operations- One of the
Russian destroyers was set on fire and
retired inside the harbor.
The three Dunn sisters, the eldest of
. whom is less than IS years of age, wit
nessed the lynching from a distance.
JACKSON*. Miss.. June 26. — Governor
Vardaman was not notified of the cap
ture cf Stirling Dunham and his return
to Europa until this afternoon. He im
mediately telegraphed to the Sheriff of
Wilson County asking If, troops were
..needed to protect the prisoner. The
lynching had occurred, however, before
he was apprised that Dunham had been
brought back to Mississippi.
<X>unfcam was captured on Friday
rear Vienna, Ala., after a running
cfta^e. during which he was twice
o wour.ded. "He was brought here last
night by the Sheriff- of this (Wilson)
county. A large mob met the train at
ttie railroad station and an effort was
made to cet the negro, but the officers
spirited him away and carried him to
the Jail at Walthall. six miles from
here, where the party was again met
by a mob of determined men, who said
their intention, was to burn Dunham.
The officers in charge of the negro suc
ceeded in prevailing upon the mob to
give up this Intention, but only after
promising to deliver up the negro this
nforning for execution. There was a
Etror.g sentiment for burning, but this
was overcome and the lynching: took
the form of a hanging.
"Dunham stoutly maintained his inno
cence to the last and denied that he
had ever eecn the Wilson girl. He ad
mitted having visited Dunn's place, but
denied any bad motive. His last re
marks were made to 200 negroes who
were assembled about the place of exe
cution, Dunham telling them never to
go about a white man's house when
women were at home alone.
The noose was placed about the ne
gro's [ neck by the little "Wilson girl,
¦who c>ositively identified him as her as
sailant. The negro was then placed on
the back of a black horse and at a sig
nal from tiie leader of the mob the lit
tle girl \$ d the horse, from under him.
More than • 3000 persons, white and
black, witnessed the hanging.
The lynching was as orderly as a le
gal 'execution. On being assured that
the n^gro was dead the mob cut down
the body and turned it over to relatives
for burial.
EUROPA, .Miss.. June 26.— Stirling
Dunftam. a negro, wanted for an at
tack upon the ll-yearrold daughter of
Wilson, a white man, near Belle
'fontaine two weeks ago and who sub-
ErTiuentiy attacked three young ladies
•named Dunn near this city, all during
the course of the same day, was hanged
iSn the public squire here to-day by a
mob.
Spectacular Hanging on a Pnblic
Square Fallows Attacks Dpon
Daughters of Whits Men.
Two Others, Badly Disabled, Are
Towed Into the Harbor of
Port Arthur.
Leads Horse From Under
•Culprit, Leaving Him
Dangling in Air.
Big -War Vessel Sunk by
"Mosquito" /Craft ol
Togo's Fleet.
Young Girl Takes
the Role of Ex
1 ecutioner.
Details Confirm News
of Loss to Rus
sians. -
CHILD AIDS
LYNCHERS
OF NEGRO
BATTLESHIP
HIT BY TWO
TORPEDOES
THE THKATiatafw * \
— - \V>
Alcazar— "Soldiers of rortuae.™
Central— "Power of Uie Ctom."
Chutes — VauaevlUe.
Fischer'! — "The Mormons."
Grand— "On Barry.'* ; ,£f
Orpheimt— Tauderllle. »3 j
TlvoU — "SoMa Hood."
t:fj *Hi: WBATHEB.
Cj .. £„> ' " '.¦ ; w 4 i 1
at" Su Praa
clsco *Jcr thirty- hours **rt<yr
-*S. C; /- ¦ V
ir. 4 . t night, Jfta« 27: * J' „
Saa rranciico astA vicinity—
X*Bir Monday; rresb acrthwest
Wind. O. H. Vr7ZihSOV^>mJ
X.oca.1 Forecaster.
The San Francisco CallA Sailor Attacked by Two. Men.
One Captured.
HELD UP: AND ROBBED.
MEXICO CITY. June 26.— Assistant
Carhier Cobos of the Central Bank is
alleged to have confessed to the theft
of the larger part of the funds stolen
from the institution and to have in
vested the money .in real estate and
other safe investments. Eight arrests
have been made as a result of this
confession. It is now said the amount
taken was 1300,000.
Official Is Alleged to Have Confessed
to Theft of $300,000 From
Institution.
MEXICAN BANK CASHIER
SAID TO BE EMBEZZLER
NEW YORK. June 26. — In a copy
righted cablegram from Shanhaikwan
the World's correspondent gives the
following estimate of Russian losses
at Telissu: Killed. 1300: wounded,
4000, with two generals, four colonels
and forty-eight officers: missing, 300
men, one colonel, six officers and one
regimental guidon flag, but no colors
with saints' image. Fourteen , ma
chine guns and much ammunition wa»
lost. The Russians abandoned their
rifles, blankets, horses, . carts, caissons
and tents in a complete rout.
ESTIMATE OF SLAV LOSSES.
SEOUL, Korea, June 26.— A tele
gram received here from Gensan,
Korea, reports that Russian troops
have burned numerous dwellings in the
towns of Kilju and Hamheung and
that at the latter place women were
subjected to ill treatment.
¦ One thousand Russian troops are
etommandeering livestock, food and
carts from a wide area In Northeast
ern Korea. These men are on their
way to Vladivostok and will cross the
Tumen River by means of recently
constructed bridges.
Troops Are Accused of Outrages in
Eastern District of Korea.
. CHARGES AGAINST RUSSIANS..
During the night Turkish soldiers en
tered the houses and violated "the
women. On the arrival of the British
and French Consuls the women rushed
to them, begging for mercy. .
Judging from a trustworthy estimate
founded upon an inquiry made by the
British and French Consuls twenty
eight villages have been destroyed and
6000 persons massacred.
LONDON. June 26.— The Paris cor
respondent of the Daily Mall claims to
have indisputable authority for his de
tails of recent events in Armenia. The
villages of Darmet, Adekeppoun, Ar
nist, Kari, Votoka and Mekrokoum
were sacked and burned. The inhab
itants in many cases were massacred
and the corpses cast into wells., '
Mekrokoum was pillaged by Kurds,
who were accompanied by Turkish sol
diers. Its church was plundered and
profaned. Objects of worship . were
sold at auction. Every, able-bodied
man was stabbed, most of them in the
back.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SIX TH0USAND
PUT TO DEATH
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.^CHICAGO, June 26.— Mr. and Mrs.
George E, Dixonof La Grange were
instantly killed to-day when their au
tomobile was wrecked by a collision
with an.Interurban electric street car.
An explosion of the gasoline tank fol
lowed and the victims' bodies were
drenched with falling oil and badly
burned. The brakes of the electric car
were destroyed and a dozen panic
stricken passengers were whirled along
for more than a njile in momentary
danger of death. :.
Mr. and ; Mrs. Dixon were driving
from the north and the car was going
east. The booth of the motorman was
so arranged that he could not well see
vehicles or persons approaching from
the left. Before he' was aware of the
approach of the automobile from the
front the machine was. in, the middle of
the track. The car struck the automo
bile with , terrific force and hurled it
forty "feet away. As the vehicle struck
the ground the gasoline tank exploded
and threw blazing oil In all directions.
Most of the burning fluid fell" upon the
bodies of Mr. and Mrs. Dixon, who had
been fearfully mutilated and instantly
killed in the crash. 'Every passenger In
the car was thrown down by the shock
of the "collision. The panic which en
sued was increased when the electric
car- began to race ahead at increased
speed. . The collision had made the
useless and gave full play to the
electric power. The- motorman could
do nothing," but he stuckto his post un
til the power' was turned off, some one
-having telephoned to the power house.
BRITISH DRIVE TIBETANS '/. V
OUT OF A MUD FORT
SASTANO, Tibet, June 26.— the Tibe^
tans again attacked Palla village last
night, haying failed to blow up the
post the previous night.
Reinforcements have arrived here
from Kangma, passing Red Idol Gorge
without opposition. :. . *•;
Peterson's mounted infantry In ad
vancing came Into contact with the
enemy at Nlania, six miles beyond Sas
tano. The Tibetans were intrenched at
Niania, and the Mud fort, 400 feet
above; opened fire at 300 yards on the
British, wounding one man. The Tibe
tans were driven out of the fort, - but
returned and the British retired.
MORMONS j MAY FORM
COLONY IN MEXICO
MEXICO CITY, June 26.— A report
is being circulated here to the effect
that the Mormon church wbukf be
quite " actively, engaged during the next
few., months In securing land in various
portions of " Mexico for the purpose - of
colonization- The assertion . is ' made
that it was recently decided .to pur
chase a tract of 500,000. acres in Sonora
or; Chihuahua, to be used "as an 1 exten
sion- of 'the colonies of Colonia,; Dublin
and Diaz. - The arrangements ¦' • are
about completed, it Is said, and "within
a ' few weeks . traders will be ' ready f qr
transfer. '•
ST. PAUL. June 26. — According to
reports received at Winona. Minn.,
200 Wisconsin militiamen and farm
ers are searching the territory be^
tween Trembleau/JSttrick and Center
ville. Wis.. for the bandit, John Smith,
the alleged murderer of .Sheriff Harris
of Eau Claire County, Wis., and of a
policeman at Havre. Mont. The local
police are of the opinion that the mur
derer is hiding in the Tammarack
swamp along the Trempleau River,
near Arcadia. Shots were heard near
Trembleau to-day, but the cause was
not learned. A rumor in Winona late
to-night that a man was shot in the
bottoms across the Mississippi River
cannot be confirmed.
Sheriff and Officer Through
Woods of Wisconsin.
Follow Trail of Man Who KHIod
MILITIAMEN AND FARMERS
SEARCHING FOR BANDIT
TATCHEKIAO, June 26.— Camps are
being formed about this town and
troops are constantly arriving. The
Russian scouts are keeping in touch
with the enemy southward.
There is constant skirmishing. Trains
are running northward daily. Commu
nication with Kaichou and Newchwang
is unimpeded.
The presence of General Kuropatkln
has greatly inspired the Russian troops
and has evidently had an effect upon
the/Japanese.
Toe Japanese have fallen back on
Senuchen, notwithstanding their suc
cess at Vafangow.
Everything points to an action in
this vicinity. The Russian soldiers and
war material are in splendid condition.
His Presence at Tatchekiao Greatly
Inspires the Russian Troops.
KUROPATKIN IS ARMY'S HERO.
FLUME BURSTS AND TEN -
MEN LOSE THEIR LIVES
Disaster Is Reported to Have Oc
curred at Locrglng Camp on
Green River.
KEMMERER, Wyo., June 26.— A re
port has reached here that ten men
have lost their lives at Kendall's log
ging camp, on the headwaters of the
Green River, southeast of this place. It
is said the accident was caused by the
bursting of a flume.
" NAGASAKI. June 26. — The Nor
wegian steamship Aggi, which reached
Nagasaki on June 4 with coal from
Cardiff and which was detained by the
Japanese, has been released.
.Tapnn' Releases the Assi.
Skrydloff Visits Wounded Japanese.
VLADIVOSTOK, June 26.— Th^ Japa
nese wounded in the attack by the
Vladivostok squadron on the Japanese
transports are doing excellently. Vice
Admiral Skrydloff visited the hospital
to-day and chatted with them through
an interpreter. The Japanese thanked
the admiral for his attention and for
the care which they were getting.
LONDON*, June 26. — A dispatch from
Lisbons says that a punitive expedi
tion is about to be dispatched to Por
tuguese West Africa in consequence of
the threatening attitude of ths natives
there. Since the revolt of the. Her
reros tribe the natives of both East
and West Africa have been showing
signs of insubordination, which ha\-e
caused the Government much uneasi
ness. — .^. -..-
Threateninsr Attitude of Natives Since
Revolt of the Hcireros Causes
Fear at Lisbon.
PUNITIVE EXPEDITION*
SIAY BE SENT TO AFRICA
ELECTRIC CAR
KILLS COUPLE
On May 5 a dispatch from St. Peters
burg stated that , regulations for a
prisoner's bureau, drawn up bv spe
cial commission of the Foreign Office,
under the presidency of ; Professor de
Maartens, professor of international
law in the University of St. Petersburg,
had been finished. Complete informa
tion will be available from this bureau
and communications with the friends
of the prisoners at home will be ar
ranged. According, to the St. Peters
burg dispatch, the Russian ' rules are
of a humane character, following the
most advanced ideas on the subject of
the care of prisoners. . .-;
TOKIO. June 26.— The failure of the
Russians to supply information con
cerning Japanese prisoners of war in
their possession is arousing' a strong
feeling of resentment here.
It is probable that the American
Government will be asked to make
pointed inquiry at St. Petersburg con
cerning the .present condition of Jap
anese prisoners and to arrange a sys
tem of regular reports.
JAPAN WANTS INFORMATION.
Has Received No News Concerning
Prisoners Held by Russia
GUAYAQUIL. Ecuador. June 26. —
Much excitement, followed by rioting,
has resulted here from the action of
the municipality in raising the tariff
for water sen-ice. Two meetings were
held in this city during the evenings
of June 22 and 24, and on the night
of June 24 about S000 citizens par
aded the streets, protesting against the
Council's action. Mounted policemen,
with drawn swords, tried to disperse
the paraders, who attacked the police
with stones. Before dispersing, how
ever, the rioters stoned the house of
the president of the Municipal Coun
cil. Eleven policemen and nine civil
ians were wounded. ~\7''^
Citizens of Guayaquil Parade Streets
' and Voice' Protest Acuinst the
Increase of Tariff. .;.-
RAISING OF WATER RATES
CREATES IUOT IX ECUADOR
"The mosquitoes are to be feared
more than" anything else at Panama,"
continued Dr. Marcour. "When I first
went there we were having an average
of five new cases of malaria reported
every day. It. was impossible to
ascribe any reason for this at first.
One night I made an inspection and
found that very few of the men were
using the mosquito nets which had
been provided for them. I made a re
port on this and the men were ordered
to use the nets properly and the spread
of disease was checked at once."
malarial fever and elephantiasis, near
ly every case of which Is due to in
noculation by mosquitoes. Jf the offi
cials insist on the observance of some
simple rules the danger from disease
can almost be eliminated."
Dr. R. " O. Marcour, who made • the
above statement at New York Navy
Yard to-day, has recently resigned
from the naval service. In his six
years' service he has had varied ex
perience in tHe treatment of tropical
fevers, having been stationed at Ha
vana and Samoa. He only recently
returned from .Panama.
NEW YORK. June 26.— "It will re
quire extraordinarv • precaution on the
part of the officials in charge of the
work of constructing the Panama canal
to prevent serious illness among the
men employed there.' The diseases
most to be feared are vellow fever,
Former Navy Surgeon Says Great
Care 3Iost Be Taken by Men
"Working on Canal.
MOSQUITOES AT PANAMA -^ ;
CARRIERS OF DISEASE
It has been learned that the French
transport La Durance, until recently
stationed at' Tahiti, suffered a 'severe
accident en route. to Noumea recently.
One of her boilers exploded, injuring
a number of the crew. The vessel is
now being repaired. at Sydney. ,
The seventeen-year-old son of 'the
former Queen of Tahiti has returned
after a successful year of study at
the Santa Clara school. It is. stated
that through his' representations six of
his Tahiti friends will seek admission
to the Santa Clara school next August.
PAPEETE, Tahiti, June 14.— The
Italian cruiser Liguria, under com
mand of the Due d'Abruzzi, arrived
here June 12." The acting Governor of
Tahiti, Monsieur Cer, is planning an
elaborate, entertainment for the Duke
and his associates during their stay
here.
VLADIVOSTOK, June 26.— The com
mandant of the port has issued a no
tice warning the local merchants not
to arbitrarily raise the price of neces
saries, as it is alleged some of them are
doing. The penalty for the first offense
after this date will be a fine of $1500
and three months' imprisonment and
subsequent expulsion from the district.
Must Maintain Fair Prices.
The ten columns breathe gloomy fore
bodings and nreach revolution. Tolstoi
holds the Emperor up to contempt as
an "unfortunate and entangled young
man, recognized as the leader of 130,
000,000 people, cruelly deceived and com
pelled to contradict himself."
-vTolstol, however, does not stop with
Russia, for Japan is given a share of
his stinging comments for having forci
bly resisted what he terms the "unpro
voked aggression of Russia.' 1
LONDON, June 27.— The Times this
morning prints a ten-column disserta
tion on the Russo-Japanese war written
by Count Tolstoi in his most violent
style. The trend of this remarkable
document is, first, against all war; but
it is practically a thunderous philippic
against the Russian Government and
the Russian orthodox church and gen
erally against the existing order of
things.
Tolstoi says that the reservists
throughout Russia are "dissatisfied,
gloomy and exasperated, and the old
appeal for faith. King and fatherland
has* lost -its spell over ; the Russian
masses." '¦ ' ••"'.• >.
Russian Government.
Indites a Thunderous Philippic Ajjninst
TOLSTOI DENOUNCES CZAR.
The story was brought to Stockton
by Carlos Sampson, one of the ball
players, who returned from the "scene
of the disaster at nodn to-day. Samp
son states that, the screeching . of the
runaway work train was beard about a
minute before the crash came. AS soon
as the passengers realized their danger
there was a mad rush for the doors.
Melone got clear of the rear platform,
but turned back to pull one of' the
frightened women off the platform.
Then the collision came. The body of
Mrs. de Martini was mashed to pulp
and Melone was caught in the wreck
age. .
For an hour and ten minutes the
gritty ball player was pinned across the
body of the woman he risked his life to
save. He was caught by his right arm
and shoulder. While volunteers, worked
to extricate him Melone endured awful
agony. "My God, get a. gun and shoot
me, boys," he exclaimed, "I can't stand
this longer." It was feared that it
would be necessary to amputate his
arm In order to release him. "Don't
let them cut my arm off," was Melone's
appeal to his comrades.
The engineer on the work train is
blamed for the accident. The railroad
company will not divulge his name.
The bodies of Mrs. Joseph de Martini
and Mrs. Frank Valente, the victims,
are still at Jamestown. The former will
be brought to Stockton for burial, while
the latter will be interred at -Murphys.
STOCKTON, June 26.— Out of last
evening's fatal t^ain wreck on the Sier
ra road near Angels, in which two
Stockton women lost their lives, comes
a story of bravery and heroism on the
part of Ted Melone, the local ball play
er, who was one of the injured. The
young man all but lost his life in an at
tempt to rescue Mrs, Joseph de Martini,'
one of the women killed.
Bjieclal Dispatch to The Call
Stockton Ballplayer Proves
Himself a Hero in Eail
road Disaster at Angels
Elaborate Plans Made by
Governor of Island to En
tertain Italian Commander
HURT IN EFFORT
TO SAVE WOMAN
DUC D'ABRUZZI
VISITS TAHITI
i It is conceded on every hand that}
while the details are not yet fully
known, when both sides tell ths whole
story the calamity to Russiawill be in
creaseM. It ' is pointed out, however,
that Port Arthur is open and that the
Vladivostok fleet . may make another
diversion, in which case the remnants
of the Port Arthur squadron may at
any time make a forlorn hope dash for
a juncture. • ,
The editorials, special dispatches and
articles by war experts join in express
ing the belief that great events are
impending and 'that the next few days
may have a great bearing on the final
result of the war.
LONDON, June 27.— This morning's
editorials by war experts devote much
space to the situation at Port Arthur.
The general view is that the Russians
at Port Arthur lost their opportunity
through their timidity and that Togo
has again asserted his right to be con
sidered one of the world's great ad
mirals. .
Mastery Over the Enemy.
Assert That He Has Again Proved His
BIUTONS LAUD TOGO.
General Ma is said to have moved
northward into Mongolia, which brings
him nearer the seat of war and encour
ages, the chunchus. The Russ says:
"The chunchus are increasing dally
under Japanese leaders, and keep Ren
nenkampff's entire force busy. The
Chinese are doing everything to hamper
our movements, even unrooting grow
ing crops."
NeWB from Newch wan g is highly
misleading. Several engagements end
ing unfavorably for the Russians, which
have never taken place, have been re
ported from there lately^ j Such reports
are brought by unreliable. Chinese, who
do a thriving business in selling sensa
tional news to correspondents.
The Siberian ."Drigade under General
Kondratenko has joined General Stak
elberg, and combined with his force is
falling back upon the north. The Rus
sians are terribly harassed by the
chunchus, wh*o are increasing in num
bers and audacity daily. Mistchenko's
mission to stop the* juncture of Kuroki
and Oku is said to have failed. • .
Military opinion is firmly of the belief
that . the Japanes are . determined to
force a battle. The apparent slowness
in operations is due to the desire of
both Kuroki and Oku to advance in
dependently. However, the difficulty of
taking supplies over a broken country
points probability that the bat
tle, which it Is admitted cannot be
averted, will take place at Kaichou.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 26.— In St.
Petersburg Interest in the 7 war is once
again at high pressure. Great, indeed,
is the jubilation here at the fact that
the entire Russian fleet has been able
to get out of Port Arthur. It comes as
the best news in the course of the wan
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1904. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
"Our rifles had a skirmish on June
24 with a Japanese patrol on the road
from Fengwangcheng to Haicheng,
fifteen and a half miles northwest or
Fengwangcheng. The enemy had one
man killed. Toward "the evening of
June 24 it was found that the Jap
anese were advancing from Sargan
hoon. via Haicheng. Their advance
guard, composed of two companies,
occupied the village of ; Kangapouzo.
A small body of the enemy also occu
pied Tungopousea, five miles northwest
of Selujan."
"A detachment of the Japenese ad
vance guard has occupied villages on
the road from Sluven to Kaichou.
"On June 24 a Japanese detachment
of two companies of infantry and two
squadrons of cavalry approached ; the
village of Siadian, in the mountains,
seven miles from Kaichou, in a south
erly direction. Patrols of the enemy
also appeared in Khouaivanfln, a lo
cality, fifteen and a half miles east of
Kaichou and four and a half miles
northwest of the Chepan Pass.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 26.— The
General Staff has received the follow
ing dispatch from Lieutenant General
Sakharoif, dated June 25:
"On the morning -of June 25 the en
emy's advance guard, which was occu
pying the valley of the Kho River, ten
miles southwest of Kaichou, fell back
six miles.
General Sakharoff Reports the Move
ments of the Enemy.
ADVANCE OF JAPANESE.
MUKDEN, June 26.— Major General
Mistchenko and several companies of
Cossacks on the night of June 25, while
reconnoitering- west or tile Yalu River,
were pursued by a considerable force
of Japanese. The Cossacks turned and
charged, breaking the lines of the Jap
anese, whom- they pursued for twelve
hours, inflicting heavy losses. .
The heat is abating and the troops
are in excellent health. ¦¦
The Chinese are selling provisions
freely and at reasonable prices. .
ST. PETERSBURG. June 26.— A gen
eral tension is evident in this city to
night. There are many rumors afloat
and every one is realizing that most
important news may be expected at
any moment
It is reported that a serious land
fight has taken place near Taichekiao,
in which the Russians were defeated,
but no confirmation of this repoTt is
obtainable. /
LIAOYANG, June 26.— The Second
Japanese army under General Oku is
withdrawing all along the line, having
apparently abandoned the Intention of
effecting a Juncture with General Ku
rc-ki's army.
Another man, also with a criminal
record, is being sought by the police,
and Magistrate Pool's action gave pub
licity to-day to the investigation which
has been going on for two weeks, and
which Inspector McClusky did not wish
to reveal until he had both the sus
pected men in custody.
Mrs. Hall said that about November
25 of last year a man unknown to her
previously had~ called at her house one
night and asked to rent a room. He
was shown one and promptly accepted
it and paid a week's rent in advance.
He left and did not return until the
week had, almost expired. "When the
man returned he was accompanied by
two others and one of them, she be
lieves, was Kingsley, the wealthy
Vermonter.
The missing man was of marked
personal appearance — short, very bald
and wore glasses— and Mrs. Hall's de-
Bcription fitted that of Kingsley in
every particular.
The supposed Kingsley and his two
companions remained in her home
only about twenty minutes. Mrs. Hall
said that during that time he wrote
on a card for her: "Henry Baxter's
two friends."
From C000 photographs at police head
quarters Mrs. Hall selected one of
Frank L. Stewart, recorded as a sneak
thief, and that of another man. Refer
ence to the records showed that Stew
art, had been frequently arrested for
larceny here, once since the disappear
ance of Kingsley.
The Inspector said that both men
could be picked up.
XEW YORK, ttune 26.— Positive that
Henry Baxter the week
after his disappearance last November,
was taken to his home In Paterson by
two men whose photographs are in the
Rogues' Gallery at police headquarters,
Mrs. Hall of Paterson, In the Tombs
Police Court to-day pointed out Frank
L. Stewart, a prisoner, as one with
whom she had seen the wealthy young
Vermonter, for whose recovery, dead
or alive, his family has offered a reward
of $10,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Rear Admiral Chad wick landed a
band from the American fleet this
evening: and for the first time In Moroc
co a concert was given by foreign mu
sicians, much to the delight of the
Moorish population.
The only time the prisoners were
anxious was during the last two <iays
when they were at Barabin. When the
exchange occurred^ more than three
hours were lost In the passing of com
pliments, Raissouli apparently being
Buspicious of- an attempt to capture
him. When he received the money he
hurried av. ay toward his village. Per
dicaris and Varley immediately mount
ed horses and proceeded to Tangier.
LONDOX, June 27. — The Tangier cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph eays
that the city of Tangier has resumed
life as though nothing nad happened.
The Perdicaris affair is over, he says,
and no developments are expected.
Raissouli daily called and held long
conversations with the prisoners. Per
dicaris said Raissouli was posing as
a patriot who wanted to see the coun
try happy and peaceful and was oJTer
in~ to accept the responsibility for
maintaining the country from Tangier
to Fez and clear it of robbery and
crime if he were backed up by the
powers.
TANGIER, June 26.— Ion Perdicaris.
the American who last week was re
leased by the brigand Raissouli, to-day
gave aa interview descriptive of the
circumstances of his capture and of
his experiences while a prisoner in
Kaissouli's camp.
He says that on the night of May
IS he had just entered the dining room,
and, hearing a noise amon gthe ser
vants, he and Cromwell Varley, the
British subject who was also captured
by Raissouli, went out to investigate
the cause. They were immediately sur
rounded by armed Moors, who bound
and maltreated them. Varley resisted
and was struck on the head with the
butt of a rifle and a knife was slashed
across his hands, making serious
wounds. Perdicaris and Varley were
then carried away on horseback.
At Tharradent the captives lived in
h. filthy hut. "When the Sheeref of
Wazan arrived a big teni was placed
at the disposal of the prisoners and
in other ways the Sheeref was the
means of alleviating their condition to
a considerable extent. The attitude of
the Moors changed from insulting to
fair treatment. ..'.'-
Woman WTio Saw Them
Easily Identifies Suspects'
Pictures in Rogues' 'Gallery
Glad Port Arthur
Fleet Has Given
Battle.
Attitude of Moors Gradually
Changed and Captives Be
came Guests of Honor
ST. PETERSBURG, June 26.—Un
der Tlate. of June 26 Viceroy Alexieff
telegraphed the Emperor as follows:
Alexleff Reports Xaval Combat, but
Telegraphs Xo Details.
Thursday's Combat Bclf6ved to Have
Been Followed by Fijjht on Friday.
CHEFU, June 26. — Steamships
which passed thirty miles to the west
of Liaotshan Promontory last night
did not hear sounds of firing. This
leads to the supposition that the re
ports of guns heard here last night :
cAme from a naval battle of
Port Arthur.
Chinese who have arrived here re
port that the Jap.inese army is. within
seven miles of K liping and that the
Russians have faltenback toYamchia
tien, just north o>; Kaiping, where the
fire of the Japanese gunboats cannot
be effective. They say also that the.
Russians are intrenching at the an
cient city of Newohwang, north of the
port of Newchwafig.
LEAVES RESULT IX DOUBT.
ANOTHER XAVAIj* BATTTJ|!:.
escaped without material loss and the
crippling of one or two of their battle
ships, enough to j assure command of
the sea to the Baltic squadron.
There is much speculation, to-nlKht
as to whether the' Vladivostok squad
ron might not have gone out and, per
haps, be on the eve «f Joinlnjr the Port
Arthur fleet. A t<;legram from Vladi
vostok, dated Jun« 25, which has been
received here, does not mention the
squadron, but It Is easily conceivable
that such mention might be suppressed
for strategic reasons.
Cossacks Inflict
Heavy Losses'"
Upon Foe.
"Our Port Arthur squadron, com
manded by Rear^AdnViral Withoeft,
consisting of six battleships, five cruis
ers and ten torpedo-boats, put to sea
at 8 .o'clock on the morning of. June
23. According to reports received from
the signal stations on the Liaotshan
Promontory, the ships went out with
out, accident. . ' When our vessels
reached open water the enemy's fleet,
consisting of nine large ships,
three were battleships and twenty-two
torpedo-boats, was sighted on the
horizon. Our squadron attacked the
enemy. Up to the present time I have
received no news of the result of the.
fighting."
IN TOAV OF. TWO THUGS
3IISTBEATED AT FIBST
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
Japanese Forces
Are Suddenly
Withdrawn.
Important Clew May Solve
Mystery of Wealthy Ter
¦monter's Disappearance
Perdicaris Belates His Expe
riences While a Prisoner
in the Haunt of Eaissouli
Czar's Capital :Is
Pleased Over
Late News.
BANDIT POSES
AS A PATRIOT
CRIMINALS SEEN
WITH KINGSLEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 27, 190*
Russian Battleship Sinks After Being
Hit by Two Torpedoes.
GENERAL OKU ABANDONS ATTEMPT
TO EFFECT JUNCTURE WITH KUROKI
TOKIO, June 26.— The Japanese cas
ualties In the battle of Telissu,(Vafan
gow) on June 15 were - seven officers
and 210 men killed and 903 men wound
ed. -
JAPAN'S LOSSES ATTELISStJ.
Louis J. Young, a sailor, residing at
324 Seventh street, was held up about
12:30 last night on Montgomery street,
between Washington and Jackson, and
robbed of his watch and chain and $7 50
In money. H* was slightly intoxicated
when the thugs attacked 'him. The. as
sault was witnessed by Fred Cornelius,
a saloon man of 440 Pacific street, who
gave chase to the robbers; One "of
them : ; was captured . on ' Kearny .; street,
before the Hall • of Justice, and was
placed on; the detinue book. He srave
his name : as ¦ Hugh Parks'. When he
was searched a union card of the Inter
national Brotherhood , i. of Electrical
Workers, . No. : 61,' • was found on him.
The police believe he Is one, of the two
men that held up William' .Williams
early yesterday .. morning.' Detectives
-are ' looking i for the other,' thug. ;>
2
An Educational Opportunity.
Here Is a Chance
Travel-Tales of Famous Explorers thrill us with
stories of .dangers dared and sufferings endured.
.; v; to see the Esquimaux among whom Franklin
and;^ Peary lived during dark Arctic winters ; here
are ;Mopris,h;Palaces, the Port of Constantinople and
the iGoiden. Horn ; here is Cairo, the- wonderful city
of they Khedive ; here is a Russian village with a
Russian Theater and a part of -.the Siberian Railway;
here you pass through a section of the fascinating
city.pf -Paris, "where good Americans go vyhen they
die.'V ;Y<cm- can visit ancient Rome, with its great
Coliseumi-and a hundred other places that you have
read and dreamed of.
You.can go to the St. Louis Exposition quickly,
comfortably and cheaply by the Union and Southern
Pacific, vwhich furnish free fine Colored Panoramic
Views of the World's 'Fair and Pocket Maps of the
Grounds: i See'S. F. Booth, General Agent 11 P. R. R.,
1 Montgomery street, or any Southern Pacific Agent
ADV EBZISEMENTS.
GBAPE-NTJTS.
For those who
live by
Hll Brain work
Grape-Nuts
is the food
¦ Get the tittle book. - "The Road • tfl
TCellvllle"-,iij each pkg. -
III1IISII1 SI1II. ' ' • ril*
t : t ADVEBTISI&M ttNTTB.
An Opportunity to Join
a Special Excursion
to the Atlantic
Seaboard,
July?, 1904
i — - — . ¦
! ' A Special Train going via Chicago
and Niagara Falls through to AUan-
! tic City. New Jersey, stopping at
j Truckee. including side trip to Lake
' Tahoe and return, also ston, at Niag-
ara Falls. America's Greatest Scenic
I Attraction. Tickets returning good
• via St. Louis World's Fair, pood for
| ninety days. Kntfre train, consisting
j of Sleeping Cars. Dining Car and
¦ Composite Smokinir Car. through to
j destination. This Excursion is organ-
ized by a party who Intend making
I the trip an enjoyable one. taking with
: them products of California. This
! will be the greatest Eastern Excur-
I sion of the year. [J_ ? ;
¦ For rates and further information,
I apply to
CARLTON C. CRANE.
Pacific Coast Agent
New York Central Lines. • •
637 Market Street.
San Francisco, CaL
I Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
| Positively cured with Dr. Hal*
| primer's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
\ 50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
[.sale by all dealers and at office
I of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
; 28 California St, S. F., sent by
| mail or express. People cured
I free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
! i * - J
i *
I f) visit DR. JORDAN'S queat 6
niUSEUb] OF Aft&TOim
A C& lSnKA2XZ2ST.tst.eft2;tt,S.7.W.4
, CT The Lsrrest Anatomical Museum in til* \
I C atjbK World IViakcom or »«y contracted A
0 #££w)l !>P<ci.istoi:kcCaut. Eit. jt jruit O
0 H!Bl*l cr - ¦'Csdan-diseases of uin p
A fffj'JjB CctmiUMioa fre* and ttrictlj prtrtta. \
; Q I iy«£ fl Traannent personally or by letter. A A
< J fl gr <n H Pmi*b* Cur* in e»ery cui nadcrtakea. \
Ab!f tifik "*'-.rfoT B-ok. rniLc^ora* «r A
V ' J II *• UAnniASE. MAiuto fibs, (ax
1 fl if. Ttiuable book for ara) x
V nil. JORDAN * CO.. 1051 M»rJt*tSt.S. r. V
r~.DB.P8 ERCE'S
_ MEDICAL.
FOR THE
1 rf"-OOD.lflV£R,LUI^CS.
Prescriptions 34,408 and 7.
GXTASANTEED CXTKB FOR MZ3T.
HABMLIS3 INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases in a few d3ys. Warranted to cur«
worst cases. NO OTHEB TBEATMZSTT
SEQXJLBSD. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PSEVENT3 CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
r. S. KEI.I.T'3 PHARMACY, 103 Eddy.
MR fl 0*^ Outfits. Guns. AmmunU
h\ La 1 3 tlon . Flshins and Outlay
W i?1 ~2~ «jc.c!s. Tents and Guns tu
Hfffla Rent. CATALOG FBKE.
I 9 I fl SHREVE * BARBER CO..
739 Market St.
521 Kearny «t-. 3. F.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
?>v Steamers leave Broadway
>5wJS~5Qiv wharves, pters 9 and 11.
Af7_ San Francisco:
m jTTni ¦ \~n For Ketehikan, Wran*-* !,
1 / \lL*5vi 1 I Juneau. Ilaines. Ska^iay.
I V \Wk^B / J etc - A lask;t — 11 »• ni - Jun*
V*\ \r Vrv/ 19 - "*• **. JuJ y *• ci** 0 * 8 tc>
'^iyU Company's steamer* at Sa-
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle Tacotna. Everett,
Belllngham— 11 a. m., June 19. 24, July 5.
Chanie at Seattle to this CSompany's steara*r»
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
| coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
1 For Eurelw <Humboldt Boy) — Pomona, 1-»<J
; p. m., June a. 27. July 3. Corona. 1:30 p. m..
June IS. 24 SO. July 6.
; For Los An*eles (vto Port Vcm Acrelea an*
Rcdondo), San Dleeo and Santa Barbara—
l Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
i State ot California, Thursday*. 9 a. m.
Fcr Lo« Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Panta CMa. Mon-
' terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port HaKord (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura an<f Hueneme. j
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. June 1«, 24. July 3.
j Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. June 2O. 28. July *.
For Ensenada Mardalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Aluta. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Sle*.). 10 . m.. 7th each m».
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Beawn lSW*-Th«
palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoroa. Seattle and Vlctorta July 8. 13.
Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or safllny dates.
TICKET OrnCSS — 4 New MontRom*
erv st (P3laee Hotel). 10 Market »t.. and Broad-
way wharves. rreUrbt Office, 10 Market st,
C D DUNNAN, General Passenger Asent.
v - ' * 10 Market «t.. San FrancUco. '
O. /?• A". CO.
COLUMBIA »al!« June 28. Jnly 9. 18, 2«,
Aus 5 13. 23. OEO. W. ELDER sails July
1 11 21 31 AU*. 10. 20. 30. Only steamship
line to PORTLAND, OR., and ahort rail line
from Portland to all points East. Through
tickets to all points. Steamer tickets Include
berth and meals- Steamer satla foot of Spear
, t at 11 a. m. 3. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
T>pt 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORX>, Gen.
Agent Freight DepC. 3 Montgomery A.
occaB!c$j-X9.iHH
S. S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a, m.
S S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. July 7. 2 p. nu
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. July 18. 11 am,
I.D.SFBECKELS k BS01 Ca.Ajti.TlCftt 03C3 643 »r-
ui might oss3323Himtsi. pun.flai? >:.
L0X7A85IS 6E5XJUU TKAn9ATL*~TI3?£.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
falling every Thursday Instead of «&SSm
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. »-*«^«-' 0
North River, foot of Morton at.
First class to Havre. J70 and upward. 5e«jna
class ta- Havre. M5 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AQENCT FOR CXITED STATE3/ND
PaVADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
nVw Tort. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
A rents 5 Montgomery avenue. San . Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agints.
To XT. 8. Hary Tard and Yall«Jo.
STMRS GEN. FRISBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW— 9:45 A. M... 12:3O noon. 3:15 P.
M e-00 P. M.. 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday);
Sunday* 9:45 A. M.. 8:20 P. M. Leave Val-
le*> 7*00 A. Ml. 0:00 A. M.. 12:30 NOO.V.
8-15 P. M.. 8:00 P. M. (ex. Sunday): Sun-
day* 7:0O A. M.. 4:13 P. M. Landing and
office. Pier 2. foot Mission st. Phone Mala
1308. HATCH BROS. \ >
To U. S. Nary Yard and VaUejo.
Etmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay st., north end of ferry bldg. — Week days,
»:3O A. M. 3 and »s p. M. : Sundays. 9:30
A. M.. 8 P. M. Leave Vallejo— Week days.
6:50 A. M.. 12:20 and S:3Q P. M. : Sundays. S
P. M. Fare, 23c each way. Excursion rates,
Sundavs to VaUejo. Glen Cove and Martlnei.
Me round ' trip. PIPER. ADEN GOODALb
CO . shone Mala CU. 'Saturday txcested.NEW YORK, June 26.— On his first |
public appearance after his trip
around the world, John Alexander
Dowie to-day attacked the character
of King Edward, declared that he.
loved President Roosevelt and de- I
nounced reporters. ' He spoke in Car- |
i negie Hall in the morning: and in the j
afternoon, making two addresses at >
each session.
After much bitter reference to'King
Edward, he said: j
"Defender of the faith! Two weeks
a^o he went to see the Duke of Devon- ,
shire to see about some horses find
get points about a coming race. The
prophet is a mightier man than the
King, and what the prophet said has
made the British throne totter. I love
Theodore Roosevelt. , but if he does a .
great wrong I shall not be afraid to
tell him of. it,~ and* I believe he is too'
{rood a man to be afraid to hear of it." j
nouncing British Monarch and
Praising Roosevelt.
Healer Celebrates Return by De-
KING EDWARDS CHARACTER
IS ATTACKED BY DOWIE
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. June 26.— Lawrence
Selling of Portland. Or., has won a «*nlor ap
pointment for a philosophy oration at Yale Uni
versity.
LINCOLN. June 26. — Upon his re
turn from the East to-day William J.
Bryan was questioned regarding his
plans for the St. Louis convention.
He refused to discuss them, but said
that ex-Senator Pettigrew was to be
manager of the Hearst movement in
the St. Louis convention. ' Pettigrew
and Brvan are old friends and allies.
South Dakotan to Manage the Editor's
Fight at SU Louis.
HEARST ENGAGES PETTIGREW.
ST. LOUIS, June 26. — Santos Du
raont's airship No. 7 arrived on the
grounds to-day in three boxes. He
was on hand to superintend the un
packing, but owing to some misunder
standing the work was delayed and
after waiting for some time Santos
Dumont left the grounds. He ex
pressed doubt that he would be able
to unpack the airship and have all
the- parts assembled in time to make
an ascension on July 4, but said he
would make every effort toward that
end.
SANTOS DUMOXT'S AIRSHIP
ARRIVES AT EXPOSITION*
President Roosevelt evidently gets a
great deal. of exercise out of the game,
for he plays earnestly from the mo
ment he sets foot on the court. When
he serves he drives the ball resolutely
over the net and his returns are usual
ly made with great force. As in almost
everything else he does, the President
seeks results and not "form." He
appears to move rapidly over the
court, but his stride is short and ho
does not cover as much ground as
does the more slender Garfield. who
plays a 'thoughtful and easy game.
WASHINGTON. June 26.— For a
week President Roosevelt has played
tennis every day, In lieu of horseback
rides. The court just outside the
windows of the executive offices has
been newly rolled and " : v.
James R. Garfleld, Commissioner of
the Bureau of Corporations, Depart
ment of Commerce and Labor, is the
President's most frequent opponent,
and the laurels generally rest with
Garfleld. He is . faster on his feet
than the President, and apparently
iias a better eye.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
A TENNIS ENTHUSIAST
David B. Hill must withdraw as
manager of the Parker campaign, say
the Judge's disconsolate friends, and
the Judge must declare himself upon
some of the issues of the hour. These
demands are coming in from all parts
of the country, and they are casting
melancholy . clouds upon the Parker
horizon.
William F. Sheehan and other friends
of the Judge spent the day with him
I and these matters were carefully con
sidered. It was intimated that as a re
sult of this conference some announce
ment may come from Judge Parker or
his close friends to-morrow.
Friends of Cleveland bestirred them
selves to-day and tried to put into mo
tion a boom for him. Many telegrams
were sent to leaders in the South and
West informing them of the condition
of affairs here and urging Mr. Cleve
land's friends to get to work. A meet
ing of Cleveland "men. attended by sev
eral Democrats from the South and
West, was held in an office In Maiden
lane and the Cleveland boom was
boosted vigorously.
NEW YORK, June 26.— There was
more talk than action among Demo
crat!^ leaders to-day, but neither' the
talk nor the action was particularly
encouraging' to the friends of Judge
Parker. Even some of Parker's friends
admitted that his chances for the Pres
idential nomination were slim unless
two things could be accomplished, and
quickly.
Jurist Must Emerge From Cover and
Do Some Talking.
PARKER'S CHANCES WANING.
San Francisco— Mrs. E. C. Howe, James A.
Keller. Margaret M. Forrest, John Weiher. G.
Maurer, Carl Wclff, E. J. Van Cleave, Mrs.
Julia Kratinger. E. C Young, A. Goldberg,
Arthur F. Bridge. U L. Seminaris. W. B. Gil
bert. Mr. and Mrs. Fred Zech. Mrs. Ed L.
Breyfotrh. J. H. Thomas. Mrs. Martin L. Cro
well, Her.ry C. Schaertier. Mrs. H. C. Schaert
zer. L. J. ConglM. G. Congill. J. A. Enquint.
Mrs. J. A. Enqulst, Charles D. Pierce,
Mrs. F. E. Russ. W. Cleaves. F.
T. Lellieh. Mr. and Mrs. WUIiam
T. Matin. Mrs. W. J. Castigan. Sol G<kz, I. C.
Walker, L. Prager. Mrs. L. Prager, Jamea
Friend C. T. Quirey. Mary E. Ellis, W. B.
Fuller. Mr. and Mrs. U H. Danhaner, P. J. T.
Mayer and family, L. C. Mayer, Miss Margaret
Gibb. Mrs. James Gibb, James Glbb, Jennie
C. Cherry, A. C. Cherry. G. H. Gihon, L. W.
Seely. S. Kronlng, B • C. Van Emer, George
M. Pcarce, Dr. Alfred J. Zobel. Dave - C.
Schoenfeld. A. Goldberg, M. S. Cohen Mrs.
Margaret Banghert, G. S. Gillent, Mrs. S. Gil
lent. R. Gillent. H. Gillent. Erntrt Crook.
Fresno — Miss May McCardle. Mr. and Mrs.
George S. Smith. Mrs. E. G. McCardle. S. A.
Shannon. Miss L. McCardle, Miss K. Daly,
Miss Sue E. Daly.
Stanrord University — Roy C Thrope, B. W.
Crandall. L. C. Ackerman, J. K. Price.
Palo Alto— H. B. Robinson. A. P. Zachokke,
Thc-o C. Zachckke. Christine Price.
San Jose — Mrs. W. F. Bates. Edna Kennedy.
C. A. Pitney. Miss Helen Maud Stocking. G.
Chamber. Mrs. E. Chambers.
Han Mateo — Anna Hlntz. J. J. Ilintz.
Modesto — Anna Kofoed. James Kofoed. Lena
Kofoed.
Oakland— James S. Hasaard. L. Henry, J. c.
McMullen and wife. Mary L. March, Mrs. J H
Robins, J. H. Robins, B. McBaln, Mrs. H. b!
Shorklly.
Berkeley — Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Girvin. Mrs.
A. M. Elston. B. K. Elston. gldney Elston.
Sacramento— Georce S. Brand, Del Le Xolr
F. C. Tcerk and wife.
Alameda — E>rle A. Crellln. Ruth Crellln.
Pieasanton — Mrs. C. L. Crellin.
Santa Rom — L. D Hacks.
Antlorh— Mrs. H. M. Cleaves, N. C. Cleaves.
G. S. Trowbridge.
Kanta Cruz — D. L. Wilson. Miss I. Wilton.
Santa Clara — D. G. Spencer, D. J. Spencer.
Numerous Travelers From Golden
State Enjoy Sights of Fair at
St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS. June 26. — Among the
Californians who have -registered at
the exposition are:
EXPOSITION" ATTRACTS
CALIFORXIAXS IX EAST
shortly after 1 o'clock Radcliffe. hat
less and covered with blood, burst into
a saloon at the corner cf Tenth and
Folsom streets. Chris Sullivan and G.
H. Harris were standing by the bar.
Almost in a shriek Radcliffe cried
to Sullivan, whom he knew, "Send me
your hat." Before Sullivan could re
ply Radcliffe snatched the hat and fled.
Down the street he sped like a
frightened animal to his lodgings at
Eighth and Minna streets. Sullivan
and Harris stepped out to the sidewalk
to await his return, thinking they were
being hoaxed.
Meanwhile, Policemen Dunne and
Annear. who .bed heard the shooting,
hurried to where Riley lay in a pool
of blood. Two hats were on' the side
walk. One was Rfley's. the other Rad
cliffe's. v
liiley. who still breathed, was hur
ried to the Central Emergency Hos
pital, but the faint spark of life soon
fled. A bullet had crashed through his
brain.
Sergeant Bush of the southern sta
"tion arrived with a posse shortly after
the dying man had been removed. The
I>ciicemen began to Bcour the district
and came upon Timothy Mahoney, a
street sweeper, who had seen a bare
headed man running down Tenth
sm-et.
They followed this clew and met Sul
livan and Harris, who were waiting
the return of Radcliffe at Tenth and
Folsom streets.
• Sullivan jruided the police to the resi
dence of liadcliffe's mother. She di
rected them to her son's lodgings at
Eighth and Minna streets.
Sergeant B'jsh and Policeman Cur
tin hurried up the stairway. Radclin>.
Mho was in his room, threw open his
door. He held his arms above his head
and cri^d, "I give up." Curtin quickly
placed the handcuffs on him.
Searching the room, the police found
that Radcliffe had thrown a collar be
spattered with blood under the bed.
The clothing which he had worn at
the time of the shooting lay upon the
floor. There was evidence of hasty ef
forts to cleanse the clothing of blood
stains. A bloody^ towel was found be
side them.
When Questioned as to what he did
with the Distol, RadoMffe was sullen
and replied. 'That's what you are paid
"to find out.**
The revolver was found at 5 o'clock
There is nobodv who actually saw the
shooting. Only Radcliffe can give the
details. His victim lived a few hours
but was unconscious up to the time
of his death. »
Quayle's story throughout seems to
corroborate the tale told by Mrs. Rad
cliffe to Captain Martin.
William Quayle. proprietor of the
Cape Breton lodging-house, where
Harry Radcliffe and his wife roomed,
made the following statement:
I have Jcaown Harry Radcliffe- for some
timfi. Last night he went cut early, saying he
was going to work, and told his young brtde
to ttay indoors, aa he did not want her to go
on the f-tr«tt aione. • Shortly after his de-
I'arture Mrs. rtadrliffe became lonesome and
said t--h» was going out for a short walk. I
think gh« came back about 10 o'clock, going
Immediately up to her room. She has been In
th<* habit of burning fpe gas very late at
nicht. waitlnc for her husband. Sometimes
tf*<* pa" burned, until 2 o'clock. Last night
about 11 o'clock I 'went np to h?r room an.l
told her It was tim< to put out the gas. Ene
saM fhe had retired for the night and was
'•r.lv keeping the gas burning, expecting her
hurband. Xothin* further transpired until
a little after 2 o'clock this morning, when the
rollce arrived to gee rtadcllffe. Just as - th»
noJice were about to take him away his wife
rsnw rushine up the stairs. This was nearly
.1 o'clock. £he »aid she hnd been out to get a
dnctnr to dress the wounds on his head. As
he was led away *he screamed, "Oh. my dar-
Ilnsr. my darling, what have you done? What
r.re th»y taking you away for?"
Riley was 26 years old, a magnifi
cent specimen of manhood. He was
more than 6 feet tall and weighed
nearly 200 pounds.
QUAYLE'S STORY.
Radcliffe is held at the City Prison
on a murder charge. He is a porter,
but has been out of work for some
time. The prisoner is a native of Vir
ginia Citv. aged about 21 years. Ho
has been Vnarried only two weeks.
If she sticks to the story she told
Captain Martin there is strong cir
cumstantial evidence to show that
Radcliffe murdered Riley in an at
tempt at robbery. All the evidence
backs this conclusion.-- W-
•Mrs. Radcliffe, who had rushed to
the home of Dr. Keefe shortly after
her husband appeared before her,
splashed with blood, talked with Cap
tain Martin in the morning before her
husband told the above story.
. She was nervous and almost hysteri
cal. "I don't know anything about it."
she paid. don't know Riley. No;
he never spoke to me."
Then the woman collapsed and was
taken away by her landlord. William
Quale. She promised to return in the
evening, but the promise was not kept-
I did the FhootinR-, and am not sorry that I
killed a fellow like that. My wife has been
ccmplainir.g to me that every time she went
along Ktghth street she would be insulted by
men. I got home this morning about a quarter
to 1 o'clock and my wife complained of being
nek. I buggested that I should go for Dr.
John J. Keefe. 13OJ Folsom street, my half
brother, but after talking the matter over we
decided to go to the doctor's house. This was
a few minutes after 1. When we got to the
corner of KoJsom and Ninth streets I saw there
was no light in the doctor's rooms, so I told
rr.y wife t-j wait on the corner and I would go
and se* if he was in bed. I had Juet got to
the doctor's house when my wife came run
ning toward me and said a man had made an
insulting proposal to her. She pointed to a
3ian who was walking down Ninth street to
ward Harrison. I went after him. and when I
came up to him I asked him why he had In
sulted my wife. He said: "Who the is
your wife?" and I pointed to the corner and
sal<i: "That little woman standing there." He
called me an off*n«ive name and struck at me.
W*e grappled anj he tripped me. falling on top
of me. lie grabbed hold of my hair and
bumped my head against the cobblestones, and
as he vu a much bigger and heavier man
than I and made a motlcn as if to draw a
knife or gun. I pulled out my gun and fired
two shots at him and he fell off me. I was so
excited afterward that I liardly knew what I
did. That is the true story. My wife told m«
:!..ii she thought the man who made the tnsult
ir.g proposal to her had done so before and that
worked upon me.
The prisoner was taken to the City
Prison. There he claimed to be suf
fering fronra blow on the head received
from Rilev during the struggle. He
was taken to the Central Emergency
Hospital, where he was held until 1 his
victim died. All this time Radcliffe
was sullen and uncommunicative.
Later he made the following explana
tions to a Call reporter: x
by the detectives. In his flight Rad
cliffe had thrown it into a yard at 225
Eleventh street. Two of the chambers
were empty.
' Continu-d From Page 1, Column 7.
"I pray to God night and morning
that I will find a way to get even with
that man."
Ellis made an enemy of Moses R.
Crow, who once sued him, and Ellis
swore he would pursue Crow to the
ends of the earth, if necessary. Crow
finally died a maniac. In telling a
friend of his desire to punish Crow for
having dared to sue him. Ellis once
said:
Ellis is described as a man having
unbounded confidence in himself. He
has made no secret of his desire to be
come King of Abyssinia and he said
only recently that within two years he
expected to have command of $150,000,
000 and the resources of the richest
country in Ethiopia.
Ellis said he was born in Mexico,
where his father is still living. He is
big and strong and powerful in body as
he is masterful in mind. He obtained
such an influence over the widow of Hi
ram Hotchkiss. an inventor, that he
managed her vast estate with a profit
of $500,000. * * \
His departure for Africa, carrying
with him a treaty of amity and friend
ship between this country and King
Menelik's kingdom, is said to be a tre
mendous step toward his goal, how
ever remote it may seem to less ambi
tious persons.
NEW YORK, June 26.— His ambition
to become ruler of Abyssinia is declar
ed by intimate friends of William H.
Ellis to have been the moving factor in
his life since he came to this city eight
years ago.
Late Companion of Loomis Hopes to
Rule Abyssinia.
ELLIS WOULD OUST MEXELIK.
.RADCLIFFE SAYS VICTIM
INSULTED YOUNG WIFE
After saying that to make human
selfishness the fundamental standard
of right conduct is as disastrous as the
attempt to make our unchecked animal
instincts the standard of right conduct,
he continued:
Almost every evil — political, social or com
mercial — which constitutes a serious menac«
to the permanent prosperity of our country
can be traced directly to our tolerant accept
ance of selfishness as a basts of morality.
Do not be blind to this truth, that If you
have no higher motive than your own personal
Interest, it means that your soul is for sale
if the price Is made sufficiently high. It is
for you to show In your lives that the honor
of a gentleman Is not for sale, the faith of a
Christian something more than an empty form
of speech. . '»-'
There, are two philosophic of life which are
offered to- us in place of the religion of our
fathers — one which lays stress on the natural
Impulses as superior in authority to the dic
tates of a conventional morality: the other
which looks to enlightened selfishness^as the
means by which mankind is to be delivered
from unendine restraints of traditions. I be
lieve that each of these philosophies is er
roneous. Tbe one means a reversion toward
savagery ;the other a degeneration toward
social weakness.
If wealth and dominion follow as a result
of faith and enthusiasm, they are. good. But
if wealth and dominion are made a primary
object, and are trusted as a source of national
strength instead of its consequence or evi
dence, they- prove a false reliance. And it is
an unfortunate fact that very few nations
have achieved wealth or dominion without
suffering loss of faith and enthusiasm and re
matnir.K with the empty husk of greatness <*t
ihe very moment when they deemed themselves
most powerful.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. June 26.—
Yale's commencement week was for
mally opened to-day when President A.
T. Hadley delivered the baccalaureate
address In Woolsey. HalL President
Hadley, after reviewing -the tendencies
of the times, said that faith, inspira
tion for the better things and enthusi
astic devotion made a nation really
great. He continued:
A series of quarrels followed and
finally the bucks began to mistrust
their squaws and the battie followed.
Two of the Indians thought to have
been wounded were seen crawling to
the sagebrush and 8n account of the
darkness cannot be found. Constable
Wolf is investigating the case, but as
Indians seldom tell on each other there
is little likelihood of arrests being
made.
The Indians, about seventy-five In
number, came In this morning from
the ranches on the Meadows. They
have been engaged in helping to har
vest the hay crop. Once in town they
managed to secure a plentiful supply
of lig/aor and lost no time in getting
drunk. .,.•*
Special Disratch to Th« Call.
LOVELOCK, Nev.. June 26.— A
drunken orgic among Piute Indians In
this citv led to a miniature battle this
evening, in which ab'out one dozen
shots were fired, and as a result three
Indians are known to have been
wounded. One of the red men is shot
through both lungs and it is thought
he cannot recover. His name is Frank
Roach.
TACOMA, June 26.— A Puyallup In
dian potlatch given by Mrs. Anna
. Coates in honor of her husband, the
late Chief Coates, closed to-night with
a grand presentation of gifts of money
and clothing.
• A feature of the potlach was the un
veiling this morning of a monument
erected, at the Indian cemetery by Mrs.
CVates, at a cost cf $1000, to her hus
t>and. Following the ceremony Mrs.
t'catrs distributed gifts in money to the
Indians present. The potlach cost her
nearly $4000. nsnch of this amount hav
ing Ix-en distributed in money gifts.
. An attempt was made by the In
dians Mrs. Coates had hired to roast a
•«=tper, but the effort was discontinued
ihis morning when it was discovered
that the steer was far from roasted,
while the odor pervading the vicinity
"almost drove the assembled Indians off
the reservation. A soap factory later
pwooped down upon the potla-tch and
. carried off the carcass.
• There are almost 300 Indians present,
tome of whom came from tribes east
of the mountains. Seven tribes were
represented. To-morrow a portion of
them will engage in an Indian gamble
at Nlsqually reservation.
EpecisJ Dispatch to The CalL
The family lived in three small rooms
at 065 North Roby street, and to-day a
constable was to eject the. mother and
her babies from the premises for non
payment of rent. After Mrs. Kelsdzick
had been served with a summons to ap
pear in court she decided to end the
lives of herself and her little ones.
The three children — Bruno, Herman
and Walter, aged 7, 3 and 2 years, re
spectively — were found in bod locked
in one another's arms. The mother's
lifeless body was found lying on the
kitchen floor, while gas was escaping
from a jet in the room.
That the woman made every prepara
tion to do away with herself and the
children was evident. She first wrote
and sealed a letter addressed to a rela
tive in Germany. Then she bathed her
self and donned clean linen. Each child
had also been given a bath and clean
nightgowns placed upon them.
Several months ago Kelsdzick, who
was out of work at the time, became
insane from brooding over his troubles
and was sent to the asylum. Since that
time the mother, who was in poor
health, has had a hard struggle for ex
istence. Last week she became so 111
that she was unable to work, and she
had si>ent her last dollar for food for
herself and the children Saturday aft
ernoon.
CHICAGO. June 26.— Threatened with
starvation and with her husband hope
lessly insane in the asylum at Kanka
kee, Mrs. Anna Kelsdzick gave up the
struggle for existence, killing her three
small children and then ending her own
life. Illuminating gas was the means
of destruction she adopted, and when
the bodies were found early t-»-day all
four had been dead several hours.
Although a week has elapsed since
the disappearance of Loomis, the of
flcals still cling to the belief that he
will reappear when the effect of his
abstraction has worn off. Their belief
is due to a carefwl deduction from the
series of circumstances related by W.
J. Ellis, his companion on board the
steamship, and by Gustave Flamm of
San Francisco, who was a fellow pas
senger. This process of deduction
practically excludes the likelihood that
Loomis fell overboard. It leads to the
acceptance of Flamm's statement that
he saw Loomis get off at Plymouth.
Accordingly a minutely circumstantial
description of Loomis has been for
warded to Joseph Stephens, American
Consul at | Plymouth.
Although satisfied that Loomis was
not lost from the Kaiser Wilhelm the
officials foresee the possibility that
some harm may have befallen him after
he landed at Plymouth. However, they
consider this possibility rather remote.
The case is one of increasing mystery.
PARIS, June 26.— Not a word waa re
ceived to-day regarding the where
abouts of Kent J. Loomis, brother of
Francis B. Loomis, American assistant
Secretary of State, who disappeared
shortly before or after the arrival of
the North German Lloyd steamship
Kaiser Wilhelm III at Plymouth on
June 20.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 26.— The
press is able to announce on the au
thority of Plehwe, Minister of the Inte
rior, that there is no intention on the
part of the Russian Government to
place upon the Finnish people the re
sponsibility for the assassination of
Governor General Bobrikoff by Eugene
Schaumann. The Minister believes that
the crisis In the relations of Finland
and Russia has passed, and that the
grand duchy will recognize that its in
terests and those of Russia mutually
demand- closer ties.
It is as far from Russia's wish as it
would be contrary to her interests, the
Minister says, to destroy Finland,
which has a history and traditions of
its own. AH that Russia wants is the
recognition by Finland of Russian su
premacy.
The Senate desires to make clear to the
Finnish people what deeply sad consequences
the agitation of evil di!^cs?d and misguided
persons, who have urged disobedience of the
authorities, have already brought about and
what dangers threaten the country If this agi
tation shall continue unreslsted. The Senate
directs an earnest aDDeal to all right-mlndea
Inhabitants to co-ci»*rate for the restoration
of cuiet and order In the country and to en
deavor, each one to Justify the confidence
which the Finnish people, after a century of
indissoluble union with the powerful Russian
empire has had the rood fortune to enjoy
on the part of the Russian sovereign under
whose beneficent protection Finland has de
veloped In the most fortunate- manner, both
spiritually and materially.
The Senat* assembled for the first time
since the death of Its President. Governor
General BobrikofT. feels the need of expressing
deep Indignation at the detestable and revolting
crime {which Is without parallel in the annals
of the country) of which the Governor Gen
eral became the victim. AH well-disposed
inhabitants emphatically pronounce their cen
sure of this act.
HELSINGFORS. Finland, June 26.—
The Finnish Senate to-day issued the
following manifesto:
Russian Subjects Urged to
Recognize Czars Authority
and to Be Law-Abiding
Tales of Fellow Passengers
Lend Color to Theory That
Man Reached Plymouth
Penniless and Homeless
Woman Tires of Her Hope
less Struggle for Bread
Declares That Soul of Man
Whose Motive Is Personal
Interest Can Be Bought
Event Closes With Distribu
tion of Prizes, and the Red
3Ien Prepare to Gamble
GAS IS THE MEDIUM
Officers Are Investigating
the Trouble, but Indians
Will Not Discuss Affair
SQUAWS STIR JEALOUSY
MONUMENT IS UNVEILED
MANIFESTO IS ISSUED
SPEAKS ABOUT WEALTH
OFFICIALS ARE PUZZLED
President of Big College
in Baccalaureate Address
Talks Upon Selfishness
Week's Search Fails to Re
veal Any Trace of Miss
ing .American Diplomat
Mother Takes the Lives of
Her Three Children and
Then Ends Own Existence
Indignation Over Cowardly
Crime Which Resulted hi
the Death of Bobrikoff
Drunken Orgic Ends in a
Shooting Affray in Which
Three Men Are "Wquiuled
Wife of Indian Chieftain
Honors Memory of Hus
band by Unique, Function
YALE STUDENTS
GIVEN ADVICE
CANNOT SOLVE
LOOMIS AFFAIR
PREFERS DEATH
TO STARVATION
FINNS WARNED
BY THE SENATE
CRAZED PIUTES
FIRE TO KILL
GIVES MONEY
AT A POTLATCH
THE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1904.
3
' ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ¦¦
*[ \k f | ;$ ., Suits to Order $ 10 to $ 35
I j j |j\ Also a Few Words About Our
v|^^T% Advertising and Merchandise
¦£ \S S^SKSiS^^^k I | \\ You have noticed that our advertising is positive
gl^^^^^^^^S^^^L^^^ H statements of facts about our business.
|j/^> We never, deal in glowing descriptions or glitter-
»^^Hn||H^|(M ing claims. We do not attempt to write "catchy"
"'-Ji^^^^^^^^M j *;:~^j :•:; ui^^^ All we aim to do is to state absolute facts and
5 "-S^ reasons why you should order your clothes of us. And
/^KlP^^" then we back up what we say with the right kind of
WjS : v^' ; -^^ ?^-^ e can P lease vou witn tns clothes and s*ve you
SS J^' '" '--.$/' money. We make suits to order from $10 to $35 and
88 "" '-''' * or y° ur se l ect * on nave a^ tne Patterns and weaves
(Mk^^^^^^^^^M * •¦••"¦"" identified with the season.
•-'"^'fera^WlHiHl cl ul tn We will make you a suit in the style here pictured
i3 ~'&^i$&£zfcJ!&&5M w$E§**a!fcS# Skttched from life. r ' t . t ,i i j . <*•«.«* <*«** —**. <-»«••
lliillii ' ' * rom whatever cloth you select— at $10, $13.50, $15,
lliiliiS 20 or u P wards ~~ it: depends upon the material.
i?]>^S;^^^^^^ ' ou - et our § uarantee w hich protects you. Money
.^SSil^^^^^H Ipplil bacl< if you want it# Repairing, sponging and pressing
&i£§*S^ Iliiil^ S^fl Suits for out-of'i own CAisir m rs sdiisfactorVy
l ~ y Rllfif i&PPl made to order through our self -measuring system
ADVEBTISEJIEXTS*
Of some kind are the heritage of nearly
every on- 3 , from tho infant and the colic,
thn middle-afcftd and the distressing, mis-
erable headaches, to the zgod with ner-
vous, muscular and rheumatic pains.
A remedy to relieve in all cases must
he foundt-d on the ri^ht principle, and
that accounts for the wonderful success
of
Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills
They never fail to cure all cases of
pain, because they treat the Pain Source
— the nerves. By soothing the irritated
nerves they lessen the tension, build up
the strength, set the blood coursinc
through the veins, ar.d thus allay all
pain.
"Periodic headache, that unfitted me
for business several days at a time, has
b»»rn my life experience. I found first
relief in LH-. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills, and
since then I invariably ward them off by
' taking a pill when I feel the m coming '
on."— E. M. MOOBKIIRV. Windsor. Ill
The first package will benefit; if not,
the druggist will return your money.
25 doses 25 cents. Never sold in bulk.
Schilling's Best are not ex-
travagant ; quite the contrary.
Teas and coffees good-enough
baking-povvd'- flavoring ex
tracts and spices pure and bef
and yet economical; soda com
mon.
CASTOR I A
2oz Infanta ar.d Children.
flie Kind You Hare Always Bough!
< ' * AMUSEMENTS.
I I V VU HOUSE.
: EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
Performance
? SUPERB II .NEW
«.~ST CF II • ARTISTS.
I I SZTSA KATUTXE y4
MONDAY, JUZi-r
' ¦ PBOMiaAPE THE S2S0XX23'
CI3CI.X:, 3d Tlocz, PARADISE.
L>ual Tivoll Prices— 25c. SOc. 73c
( Scats Always Selling— Only Matinee Sat.
I ¦
ALCAZAR "H«r
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. THURS. AND SAT.
¦ j Evg.. 23c to 75c. Mats. Thura. A. Sat.. 25c to S0«
: Inaugural of Annual Summer Season.
i W MM i i JC STOCK COMPANT.
I WH1TTLESEY
I In Augustus Thomas* Dramatization of Ric&axt
> Harding Davis' Popular Story.
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE
• MAGNIFNTENT PRODUCTION.
GREAT ALCAZAR CAST.
1111 V A- «-"ommencir.s with Special
W KJ !-• I *T Independence Day Matioe*. I
WHITE WHITTI.ESEY in ...
ONE SUMMER'S DAT.
Market Street. Near Eighth Phone South 53t
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
First Time Here of the Stronr H«art-Int»r««t
Drama.
!l POWER OFTHE CROSS
! An Immense Success tn New York!
Magnificent Scenic Effects!
1 Brilliant Cut:
¦ PDlfCC Evenings 10c to SO*
rnlVCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. C3o
Starting Julj 4 Matinee— WEDDED iXQ
• PARTED.
POSITIVELY LAST TO-HXOKT
WEEK COMMENCING At 8 O'clock.
Special Matinee Next Wednesday at 2.
Last Matinee Next Saturday at 2.
DAVID BELMSGO
PRESENTS MRS.
LESLIE CARTER
la Ills New Play.
DU OARRY
PRICES— *2.©0. <1.5O. »1.0O. 75c and SOc.
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE,
JAMES NEILL
! And the Original Neil! Company la
| Barbara Frletchle
I Eest Reserved Seat In Orchestra. SOc
TARItGAT2D VAUDli V U»U !
| YAT.Earg BEROESE A2TO COHPASTl
Gallagher and Barrett; Join F. Clark {
HELEN BERTMM;
Foster aad roster; Howe and Scott:
I Sarrow Trio; Grace? and Burnett, aad
> Orphenm Motion Pictures. Showing
I Beview cf the S. T. 7ZXS DEPABT-
j MENT.
Regular matinee Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c. ZSo
and 50c.
Continued and Uninterrupted Success of
THE MORMONS.
j Hilariously Funny — Beautifully Presented.
; Great Cast of Burlesque Artists.
Thirty Handsome Chorus Girls.
A Mountain cf Spi*ndl<i Specialties!
I SPECIAL MATINEE ON MONDAY, JULY 4.
| EXT rA ! r
| Commrnctn^ Saturda VIsht, July 9. a. N»w
j Company of Burlesque » *4#: Rice and Cady,
j Emperors of German • ¦dy: Bobby North.
j Peer of Hebrew Comedla Dorothy Morton.
Queen of Burlesque; Norv ''ayes. Qneea of
Comediennes; Edwin Clark, *a Dillon, Roy
Alton, Garrity Sisters.
Mats. Sat. and Sun. Same mlar Fric««.
! A New. Funny Burlesque. 'A LUCKT
j STONE." Get seats now for the -. nine night
Lionel Lawrence's "Eight Ra-i •» Girls.'*
Seats can now be secured for first % weeks.
A Splendid Show Every Afteracoa aai
Evening In the Theater.
TAKE A RIDB ON THE
MXITIATUBE ELECTBIC BAZLJtOAD.
EsmeraJda and Her BABY MONKEY la ti»
Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET DB 1*A MORT.
Hear the PNEUMATIC SYMPHONY ORCHZ3-
TRION.
AMATEUR STQHT THURSDAY.
Dont Pail to See "ABOO."
Admission. 10c; Children, go. '¦
j /MU Perfect Fitting fj.^ *
\^i> Eyeglasses IM
j At Moderate Cost (\
V 642 / Marke.tSt
j PfllorA DONT PAIL TO
1 (imtC gee beaotiftj
; j COURT Lounging I
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
I r 1 PALM ROOM, the
liniflfl LOUIS XV PAR- ,
U1U11U LQR and jj^
« u j i DIES' WRITING
I Hotels room -
?
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT KESTOilAllVK. INVlttUKA-
itor acd Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and SpecUl
Tcnic for th« Sexual Organs, for both scxts.
' The Mexican Rem«~*y tor Diseases . ot -.lit
Kidneys aad Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
wo»^ ALFa A BRUNE. Agents.
I Ki Market st.. 8. F.— (Send for Circular*. »Dr. N. II. Chamberlain Returns.
Dr. N. H. Chamberlain " has returned
after an extended tour and resumes his
practice. .
BERKELEY, June 26. — The Oak
land Transit Consolidated has set a
guni- of men at work replacing the
narrow-gauge tracks of the- company's
line on Grove street with broad-gauge
tracks. For more than a year the
corporation has maintained a stretch
of narrow-gauge track on the street,
having bo much other work on hand
that it could not complete the wider
eystem from Lorin to Center street.
As soon a» the work is completed the
tracks on Center street, from Grove
to Shattuck avenue, will be aban
doned. «
Replacing Grove-Street Tracks.
Ed. Long, 18 years old, and Lewis
Schultz, the same age, were arrested
yesterday afternoon lat Sutro Baths
and booked at the Park police station
on charges of burglary. It is alleged
that the two young men entered sev
eral dressing-rooms at the bath house
and rifled the clothes of the occupants
during their absence. A gold watch
and chain and several dollars were re
ported missing. The two boys are said
to have been seen coming out of one of
the rooms.
Accused of Burglary.
land Boy, Ofiiciatcs at St. Pat
rick's Church.
The Rev. Francis V. Long:, an Oak-
OAKLAND, June 26.— The Rev. Fran
cis V. Long, son of Mr. and Mrs. James
Long, 952 Willow street, this morning
celebrated his first mass after ordina*
tion. The services were held at St.
Patrick's Church. Those who assisted
at the mass were the Rev. William
Fleming, the Rev. John Powers and the
Rev. John Harrington, schoolmates of
Father Long. The Rev. J. B. McNally,
pastor of the parish, preached the ser
mon. Miss Grace Quinn was organist.'
Professor Meredith conducted the mu
sic. . .
Father Long studied at St. Paul's
Seminary, St. Paul, Minn., and was or
dained Into the priesthood by Arch
bishop Ireland.
¦WILL TEST HITCHING LAW.— Alameda.
June 26. — Antone Servant*, w^io was j arrested
last week for failing to hitch his horse as the
city ordinance requires, will be tried before
Justice of the Peace P. S. Cone next Thursday."
Servant* plans to make a test of the validity
of the ordinance and will be represented by
Joseph Morizio. . •. ¦- • ¦ •
PRIEST CELEBRATES
HIS INITIAL MASS
OAKLAND, June 26. — When the
standing of the pupils who passed, the
recent graduation examinations given
by the County Board of Education
were compared it was found that
Hazel Bell of Haywards stood the
highest of all the graduates in the
county. Her percentage is 95 6-11 in
all studies. Ernest Lawson of tho
Lockwood School is second with a
percentage of 94 4-11..,
Pupils Get High Percentage.
BERKELEY", June 2fi.— Jamo* AlWrt TT1
nans, asrlstant profersor of public epeakinir,
bas accepted a call to the chair of assistant
professor of oratory at Cornell Trnlverslty. Pro
fe*eor Wlnans has already been at Ithaca a
year, bavin* obtained a year's leave of ab
•ence in which to continue hi* Ftudies. He Is a
trniiUBte cf Hamilton College
The tour «f the Glee Club 'in Ihe Hast has
fcecn euceeref'jl in every way except financially
At every place the Flngrcra visited they received
rencrous ptaice from prem and public. But
the receipts have not come up to expectations'
and, with the expenses of travel more than
*ere estimated, there will be a large deficit
at the end of the tour. This is likely to range
from ffvOO to $1000. a sum that th» Associated
Students will have to raise, as it was under-
Ftood before the club's departure that any
deficit would be met by the association.
Professor Henry W. PreseoH delivered the
commencement addresses at the Grass Valley
Illrti School and the L*>s Gatos Hlirh School
on the evenings of June 22 and June 25 re
spectively.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
ALAMEDA, Jnne 26.— Chief F. K.
Krauth of the Fire Department has
notified the owners of lots on which
there is a growth of dry grass and
brush to have them cleared before the
Fourth of July as a precaution against
fires. Provision has been made by the
City Trustees for the employment of
twelve extra men for the Fire Depart
ment for the night preceding and the
night after Independence Day.
Precaution Against Fires.
OAKLAND, June 26.— Compulsory
pistol practice in the police depart
ment will begin Tuesday at the new
ranges, which have been built on the
Alameda shore of the eatuary, near the
Webster-street drawbridge. The men
will be divided Into four shooting
squads, In command respectively | of
Captain W.- J. Petersen, Captain A.
Wilson, Sergeant Charles Clark and
Sergeant Frank Lynch.
The ranges are 50, 100 and 150 feet.
This is the first time in the history of
the department that offlcial attention
has been given to pistol practice. For
some time even practice In rifle target
shooting has been omitted. The Board
of Police and Fire CommlBsioners di
rected that the men learn to use their
pistols, and to that end the ranges
have been constructed.
Ranges Built Near Webster- Street
Drawbridge, Where Men Will
Learn to Shoot.
POLICE ORDERED TO
DO PISTOL PRACTICE
ALAMEDA, June 26. — California
Council No. 24 of the Young Men's
Institute has elected the ' following
officers, who will be Installed in Lafay
ette Hall next Friday night, together
with the officers-elect of American
and Oakland councils of Oakland:
Honorary chaplain, Rev. P. A. Foley;
chaplain. Rev. T. J. O'Connell; presi
dent, Vincent A. Dodd; first vice presi
dent, Matthew Ryan; second vice
president, Joseph Dufosee; recording
secretary, J. B. Dldier; financial sec
retary, Joseph Krieg; treasurer. Rev.
T. J. O'Connell; marshal, John J.
Hammond; inside sentinel, B. F.
Doyle; outside sentinel, W. W. Gog
gin; delegates to grand council, Rev.
T. J. O'Connell and Hugh C. Galla
gher; alternates, J. F. O'Brien and J.
B. Didier.
Y. M. I. Elects Officers.
OAKLAND, June 26. — The vacation
school which is held every year under
the auspices of the Oakland Club will
be opened to-morrow at the Tompkins
School. The work will be in charge
of Miss Martha Kice, a graduate of
the University of California, who will
be assisted by four paid teachers and
fifteen volunteer assistants. The
courses of study will be along the lines
of manual training.
This is the only school -of its kind
west of the Rocky Mountains. Much
good has already been accomplished
by it. The attendance is increasing
every year and the members of the
club are well satisfied with the result
of the work.
Work in Charge of Miss Martha Rice,
a Graduate of the University
of California.
OAKLAND CLUB OPENS
ITS VACATION SCHOOL
I did «iot deliver any lectures in this coun
try. b-.:t cm the «*lo F «> of the rammer Fpsnion
*-!ll visit ft. 1*ni\* a* the official dPDUty of
IVrmark ard Fw#drn et the r^njjrcss of sci
«**¦ to *>• h»»ld «t the expooftlon. I will alF^>
attend the onngrens of elprtrlolty, at which a
new unit for the mfa*un»mrnt of electricity
•will be adoritrd. B-fore returning to Sweden
1 will try to stx-nd »ome time in America vis
iting- such places as the Yoseinlte Valley and
the Crand '"anyon.
In Kurort we regard your American scien
tist* as v*ry practical. La*t year Madsea
ciime to America to *tu<3y the manufacture of
•Ml-texln as carried f;n here. He carried
away a very hlrh Impression of the strides
that have lir-«>n made in the field of Immunity
and th*» application, of chemistry to bactertol-
I left Kwei5«n on May 10 and delivered lec
ture* at Bonn. T"tre«ht. Tariff and London.
BERKELEY, June 26.— Professor
Svante August Arrhenius, who fills the
chair of general physics at the Univer
sity of Stockholm, Sweden, arrived at
the University of California this even
ing t« take ui> his work as a member
<jf the summer school faculty. In spite
of his six teet and robust physique,
I'roftssor Arrhenius was greatly fa
tigued from his trip and limited his
audience to the interviewer at the
home of Professor Jacques Loeb, with
whom he will remain during the ses
sion.
Professor Arrhenius holds rank as
the greatest physieis* living. Besides
occupying: the chair ' of physics at
Stockholm, he is head of the National
Serum Institute of his native land. His
latest investigations have been in the
application of serum to the cure of
disease, and the results he has ob
tained in this field he offers to give
to the world for the first time in a
course of lectures that he will deliver
at thf summer school. These will with
out doubt be of very great interest to
the educated world and of the most
profound importance to scientists and
to the medical profession. Some of
Professor Arrhenius' achievements will
be given publicity through the univer
sity press.
Professor Arrhenius gave the follow
ing facts in an interview:
During my Fix weeks of lecturing at the
wniver»iiy I intend to give the results of the
¦work that haa be«n carried on by &ladsen, the
director of the institute at Copenhagen, and
*r.)T.e!f within the Ian year. These investiga
tions deal with the application of the new sci
ence of phyrirtil rhf-miftry with the problems
of immunity. This is one of the most impor
tant fields in modern science, as it deals with
euih rii>-;;>. > as diphtheria and lockjaw.
The work that has been done at the Copen
hfz<n Institute has not y«>t Kot into the text
»Kx>k*. It will }# Kjv*n to the world for the
fltrt tim*. Marian, who is ro-or>oratlnic with
me. is a mrdieal man and does the practical
part of thp Investieatinp. My work has been
alone th-«retir.al linen.
Greatest Living Physicist
Reaches Berkeley Summer
School for Active Work
SWEDISH SAGE
WILL LECTURE
Professor W. C. Armstrong of Johns
Hopkins University arrived at the uni
versity this morning. He has come to
trach the Italian language and will fill
the place made vacant in the summer
Fchool by the death of Professor Spin
ello.
"The regents sustained me," said
President Babcock. "and that was all I
reeded. Now the discipline is as good
as ever and there is no more trouble."
At the Faculty Club, where President
Babcock is a guest, he consented to
tell all about the mutiny out of which
he came victor. It seems that a partic
ularly unruly student among the 400
others at the University of Arizona
took exception to President Babcock's
attempt to discipline him. The presi
dent expelled the student, who then
fucceeded in working up a sympathetic
strike among his fellows. A delegation
waited on the president, but he stood
his ground, which caused some of the
ttudents to withdraw. Then the quar
rel reached the regents' ears and there
was an investigation that ended In the
complete vindication of the president.
Kendric C. Babcock, president of the
University of Arizona and formerly
professor of history at the University
*j* California, to-day related the story of
a mutiny among the stduents of the
institution over which he presides.
President Babcock was among the ar
rivals at the university this morning,
having ccme to rest and recover from
the strain attendant upon the suppres
sion of the uprising.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call
214S Center Street, June 26.
The general opinion is that these ap
pointed delegates will be for Knowland,
who Is favored by Congressman Met
calf. If this is done Knowland's nom
ination is assured, though what move
will be made by the friends of Senator
Lukens is not announced.
In case an appeal Is made to the Su
pervisors to force a primary in all dis
tricts It would be necessary to have
the boards of not only Alameda Coun
ty, but Contra Costa and Solano as
well, make a call for such an election.
It is generally believed that the Ala
meda County Supervisors are opposed
to such a primary and J. M. Stow of
Contra Costa Cpunty, who Is both Con
gressional Commltteeman and Super
visor of his county, absolutely controls
the situation in that section and will
oppose rural primaries. There are no
data in Oakland upon which to base
any opinion as to the position of the
Solano board. It is very unlikely that
any appeal will be made to this author
ity.
The meeting of this committee is
called for to-morrow afternoon in the
courtroom of Justice Quinn at the cor
ner of Eighth street and Broadway.
It is expected that the committee will
Issue a call for the convention that will
nominate a Congressman for the Third
District, apportion the delegates and
provide for the primary. The conven
tion will probably' consist' of 96 or 98
delegates, according to the basis of
apportionment; this means that 48 will
constitute a majority. Of this number
36 will come from the rural districts
outside of the cities of Oakland, Ala
meda, Berkeley and Vallejo, where the
primary law is mandatory. The com
mittee holds it in its power to appoint
these 36 delegates and upon this hinges
the only question that has arisen over
the convention. The candidate favored
by these delgates will have little
trouble securing the additional dozen
that will insure his election.
KNOWLAXD LEADS.
There has been some talk to the ef
fect that should the Congressional
Committee decide to appoint delegates
outside of the cities of the district, the
Supervisors would be asked to call ar
bitrary primaries in the rural districts
and that partitions to this effect were
already in circulation. Such petitions
are not in circulation, however, and
Mr. Lukens and his most ardent friends
say that they know of no such docu
ments.
RURAL PRIMARIES.
"Now that Congressman Metcalf has
publicly announced his acceptance of
the portfolio made vacant by the resig
nation of Secretary Cortelyou, I feel
free to declare myself a candidate for
the Republican nomination for Con
gress in this district."
By common consent or by authority
of the owners, it seems that all of the
names that have been mentioned as
possible successors to Congressman
Metcalf have been sifted down to two-
State Senator J. R. Knowland and
State Senator G. R. Lukens. When Sen
ator Lukens was asked if he had any
statement to make in regard to the use
of his name in connection with the Re
publican nomination in this district, he
replied that he had nothing to say be
fore the meeting of the committee to
morrow.
The meeting of the 'Republican Con
gressional Committee of the Third Dis
trict occurs to-morrow afternoon in this
city. State Senator J. R. Knowland to
day officially announced his candidacy
for the Republican nomination for Con
gress to succeed Victor H. Metcalf. The
Congressman goes East lo-morrow to
begin his duties as Secretary of the De
partment of Commerce and Labor.
Senator Knowland's statement is very
brief and confines itself merely to the
announcement of his candidacy, and
reads:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 "Broadway, June 26.
Contribute Generously to
the Funds for Gala Fes
tival on Nation's Natal Day
8::'.O p. m. — Fireworks, concluding with a
grand ball under the auspices of the Newark
brass bana.
CENTERVILLE, June 26. — Fourth
of July will be a gala day at this
place. The commitee has prepared
a programme that will cover the en
tire day and give the townspeople and
their neighbors ample opportunity for
enjoyment. The programme follows:
10 a. m. — Tug of war. married n*en vs.
single men; prize $H.
10:30 a. m. — Japanese wrestling: contest,
fencing and other games; prizes $7 60.
1 p. m. — Oration by W. U. I* Hynei of
Oakland, and other literary exercises.
" p. m. — Races at the Union racetrack.
2:31) p. m. — Day fireworks and musical and
dramatic entertainment.
? p. m. — Horrible parade. Literary pro
gramme of horrible* after the parade.
5 p. m. — Sham battle by. horribles.
~:'M to 8:30 p. m. — Band concerts under au
spices of Newark, Irvlngton and Sttvenson's
brass bands.
The parade will be lively with
music and replete with novelties.
Prizes for the best decorated float,
private conveyance, original float, and
for unique "horribles" will be awarded,
as well as a special prize in coin for
the best decorated building. Literary
exercises will be held at the Sweeney
Opera House. District Attorney John
J. Allen will be the orator. During
the afternoon there will be a display
of delightful fireworks. Baseball be
tween the Livermore nine and the
"Originals" of Haywards is scheduled,
and the committee has provided for
dancing at the opera house, afternoon
and evening. Contracts have been let
for the street decorations.
"Bronco busting" by expert va
queros will be a novelty for many
townspeople. In the contest a num
ber of the best cowboys in the State
have entered. Manuela Lopez, a girl
rider of Modesto, will give an exhibi
tion of daring horsemanship.
Pleasanton has decided to make a
strong demonstration. A committee
will boom for that section of the
valley. A special train will leave
Livermore at midnight for Oakland
and intermediate points.
LIVERMORE, June 26. — Valley
people are enthusiastic- over the pros
pects for a rousing celebration of the
Fourth of "July in this city, which will
be the center of attraction for hosts
from all the surrounding country.
From Contra Costa and San Joaquin
counties large delegations are ex
pected to make Livermore their head
quarters during the big day of fes
tivity.
Committees are diligently arrang
ing the programme for the Fourth,
and it promises to eclipse all of the
preceding observances of the great
national holiday. More than $1000
In coin has been subscribed and in
addition there will be a large expendi
ture of money by individuals in their
various private celebrations.
The Committee Will Meet
To-Day to Decide Upon the
Convention and Primary
•
When Youths Threaten Him
With General Strike He
Stands by His Rights
HE CARRIES HIS POINT
CITIZENS ABE LIBERAL
Kendric C. Babcock, Presi
dent of University of
Arizona, Wins Respect
Livermore and Ccnterville
Arrange for Lively Ob
servance of the Fourth
LUKEXS WILL NOT TALK
Declares He Is Out for
the Office Held by Con
gressman Victor Metcalf
QUELLS MUTINY
OF STUDENTS
COUNTRY TOWNS
TO CELEBRATE
KNOWLAND SAYS
HE WANTS PLACE
Veteran Answers the Last Call.
The members of James A. Garfleld
Post, G. A, R., assembled yesterday at
their headquarters to pay their last re
spects to Comrade Leonard F. Smith,
who died last Wednesday at his resi
dence, 172 Highland avenue. ,' Mr.
Smith was one of the California volun
teers who responded to President Lin
coln's proclamation in 1862. On arriv
ing at the front he was assigned to the
Second Massachusetts , Cavalary and
took : part in the * battle of Rockvllle,
where he received a bullet in his head.
After the close of the war he returned
to California, where he resided until
his death. • His remains Avere interred
at the Presidio Cemetery.
According to some interesting statis
tics of the library of the British. Mu
seum the number of books which it
contains is 1,750,000, not counting single
sheets or parts off. works that are ac
cumulating. The shelving of the li
brary exceeds sixty-nine miles in
length.
The thirty-third annual outing of
the Portuguese Protective and Benev
olent Association was held at Shell
Mound Park yesterday. A large num
ber of friends joined in the procession,
which took place from the Alcazar
building in the morning.
Races and games were provided for
the entertainment of those present
and .were participated In by many
contestants. The committees who had
charge of the management of . affairs
were composed as follows:
Arrangements — Antonio T. Betteneourt;
chairman ex-offlclo: J. C. Moraes, J. J. de Fre
ltas; F. C. Saralva, Jose Baptista, A. S. Mar
tlnho, A. M. Carvalho, - M. C. Serpa, Frank
Sousa. - ..¦ • • ¦ . ; ¦ .- -m ¦ ' ¦¦ v ¦
. Floor manag-ers — Cower hall, A. Vargas;
assistant, Manuel . Garcia. Upper hall. J. E.
Betteneourt; assistant. Manuel J. Das Nevea.'
Gate committee — Frank M. Fagundee, Man
uel Vlelra. Frank Sovsa, Matheus S. Da Silva.
¦ Ticket committee — Joe F. Bernardo, Joa
quim Coolho. ¦
Games committee — John I. ° Rafael, Jose S
Bello, A. M. Da Silveira, F. J. Da Cuna, A.
B. Martlnho. • \
. Tombola committee— F. C. Saraiva, A.* M.
Carvalho, Antonio Fernandes Jr
Mound.
Thirty-Third Annual Picnic of Protec
tive Association. Held at Shell .
Cutting: Affray.
OAKLAND, June 26.— Frank Freltas,
employed at the Central Stables, in
East Oakland, was slashed across the
face with a knife this evening by W.
W. Moore, a dry goods clerk. The as
sault occurred on Broadway, near
Twelfth street. Freltas was taken to
the Receiving Hospital.
Freitas said he was walking with
Mrs. Moore, the divorced wife of his
assailant, when he was accosted by
Moore, who, after a short dispute,
Btruck at his throat with a pocket
knife. Moore disappeared, but was
later arrested. He declared that Frel
tas attacked him first and knocked Llm
down. - , -¦•,..;
It is characteristic of the human race
that the men and women are generally
running after each other.
PORTUGUESE RESIDENTS
JOIN IN .-PLEASANT* OUTING
James Gilmore. an employe of the
Southern Pacific Company, in the
freight sheds on Townsend street, was
treated at the Central Emergency Hos
pital last night for a fracture of the
lower jaw and several cuts and abras
ions about the face. Gilmore, who took
the place of one of the striking freight
handlers, was walking along Fourth
street, and when near Brannan street
was set upon by a crowd of thugs, sup
posed to be union men, and mercilessly
beaten. When the police arrived his
assailants had disappeared. He was
subsequently transferred from the
Emergency Hospital to the Southern
Pacific Hospital.
Jaw Broken by Thuss.
TENERIFFE— Arrived June 26— Stmr Mera.
from Tacoma, San Francisco, etc. via OntrtU
and South American ports for Hamburg.
QTJEENSTOWN— Sailed June 2rt — Stra* UM«
bria. from Liverpool, for New York.
BOULOGNE— Sailed June 26— Stmr Sfaten
dara. from Rotterdam, for New York, and
passed Prawle Point.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 2C— Stmr
Frinaess Alice, from Bremen, for New York,
and Cherbourg.
OCEAN STEAMERS
TATOOSH— Passed out June 28— BJttn J M
Griffith, from Port Hadlork, for San Pedr«i
schr Kona, for Pan Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. June 2rt.
Stmr Asuncion, TJridgett 22 hours from Port
Harford.
The Italian colony had a big time last
night over the graduation of 265
Italian-American pupils attending the
Lafayette School, Filbert and Kearny
streets. Washington Park Hall, where
the exercises were held, was filled to
overflowing with vivacious adults, who
enthusiastically, applauded all the lit
tle ones' clever efforts. The children
acquitted themselves with honor, their
quaint use of -Italian dialect being a
cause of great merriment and their re
pose astonishing to the spectators. The
diplomas were awarded by the Italian
Consul, F. Sera, and , the exercises
lasted more than an hour. Immediately
following came dancing and refresh
ments.
Several committees had the event in
charge — the executive committee, re
ception committee, ball committee,
door committee lind refreshment com
mittee, The teachers of the classes
were: Rafaele Fortinl, ' Slgnora Boss!,
Signora Ghibaudl and Slgnora Alosca,
Pupils of the Lafayette School Hold
Interesting Graduation Exercises
Before Large Audience.
MANY ITALIAN CIIIIJJREN
RECEIVE THEIR DIPLOMAS
The following officers were elected by
the Tile Layers' Union at its meetinc
on Saturday night: President. William
Marble; vice president, Daniel Sullivan;
financial secretary, J. Simpson; record
ing secretary, Frank McDonald; war
den, William McGrath: trustees. Rob
ert Geary, Harry Hall. James Smith;
delegates to the Building Trades Coun
cil, Ed. Barker. Ed. Howell. Jack Hur
ley: alternates, J. Kllpare, John
Schwartze. James McClcllan: trustet
for Progressive Planing Mill. Morris
Kirwan: trustee for Organized Labor,
¦August Iten.
Tile iJijer** Union Elects Officers.
Dr. R. B. Chapman of the United
States navy arid his wife are among
the latest arrivals at the Grand.
Professor J. E. Stubbs of the Ne
vada State University is down from
Reno and staying at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter S. Newhall re
turned yesterday from a visit to the
East and are registered at the St.
Francis.
Count A. de Calonne of Paris, who
has been visiting Tahiti, where, as a
captain in the French army, he was
formerly stationed, arrived on the
steamship Mariposa yesterday and Is
registered at the Occidental. The
Count is a stanch legitimist and it was
his leanings in this direction that
prompted him to resign from the
French army. -*.v"; '•
James D. Schuyler of Los Angeles is
at the Palace.
H. E. C. Davis of the United States
Marine Corps is at the Occidental.
J. R. Walker, a merchant and
banker of Portland, is at the St.
Francis.
Dr. George Bradfleld. surgeon of
the steamship Mariposa. is at the
Occidental.
FERSONALS.
Colonel George W. Bauer, command
ing the Alumni Commissioned Officers*
Association, represented President
Wheeler at the recent inspection of the
cadet regiment and has filed his re
port, which gives praise to the students
and their commander. The report was
filed three weeks ago, but the presi
dent's office refused to permit its pub
lication, on the ground that it was an
attack on the administration. An at
tempt was made to change the drill
hc>ur of the students' regiment, and to
this Colonel Bauer strongly objected.
He was sustained by Governor Pardee.
The colonel held that, in view of the
Government's expenditures, the univer
sity was not paying 1 enough attention
to military Instruction.
Colonel Bauer Files Report.
' Valentine has been in the public
school department for many years. He
is a member of the Grand Army of the
Republic and fought In many engage
ments during the great conflict.
¦ My fear was that we should all be drawn
under | the cars before I had a chance to get
away. But I exerted all the strength I could
summon Into service, and I am thankful that
no one was injured.
OAKLAND, June 26.— With that rare
presence of mind born of a familiarity
with danger, Daniel Valentine, care
taker of the Franklin School and a
veteran of the Civil war, saved the
lives of three persons^ an elderly wom
an and two girls, yesterday afternoon
at Sixteenth-street depot.
The two fell off a Berkel&v local
train and were being drawn under the
wheels by the suction from the moving
cars .when Valentine, one of a number
of startled bystanders, rushed to the
rescue.
At imminent peril to himself the old
soldier jumped into the group of pros
trate children and their older com
panion and with almost superhuman
strength dragged them, one after an
other, out ofc harm's way. Valentine
narrowly escaped being caught by the
train, but he backed away after sav
ing the helpless people and suffered no
injury.
The veteran modestly hastened away
from the scene as soon as the rescued
ones were on their feet and did not
even wait to hear the grateful thanks
of the woman. He boarded a street
car for uptown and left the identity
of the trio a blank.
Valentine had gone to the baggage
room at the north end of the station
and was returning to the street car
terminus at the other end Just as a
westbound Berkeley local steamed into
the stopping place. As one car passed
Valentine he was horrified to see a
girl fall from the car steps, sprawling
helplessly on her back, so close to the
wheels that her dress was fluttering
from the air current stirred by the
car's motion. Quickly Valentine
Jumped to the prostrate child and
grabbed her. * As he did a second figure
plunged from the car. It was that of
a woman. She was followed bv a third,
a girl. The rescuer clutched at both of
them and a strong pull saved the two
just as the first one had been so quick
.y drawn out of danger. .
The train ran two car lengths after
the three had fallen, giving ample op
portunity for the crushing of all of
the victims hal not Valentine acted
as he" did. It appeared that as the
first child fell the woman lost her bal
ance in trying to save it, and, dragging
the other girl .with her, followed the
first one. Neither of the three was
more than bruised and shaken bv the
fall. •
Men at the station who witnessed
the rescue were strong in their praise
of the daring deed. Valentine, who re
sides at 514 East Fifteenth street, was
unwilling to say much about his heroic
act.
He deprecated the Idea of heroism,
saying:
It was an impulse that seized me when I
saw the first girl fall, and I leaped to her.
She was lying with her head within a foot of
the rails and the cars were running fast — so
fast that two of them went by before I had
completed the Job. As I grabbed the girl the
others fell and for a second or two my hands
were full. I had to brace myself against the
air suction when I got near the people, for It
was very strong.
Daniel Valentine Risks
His Life Near Wheels
of Train.
DANIEL VALENTINE, A CIVIL
WAR VETERAN. WHO RESCUED
THREE PERSONS FROM DEATH.
The first attempt to establish music
as a course in the university will be
made at this session. Professor Stan
ley of the University of Michigan will
give courses in the theory and practice
of music. One of the teatures of the
work will be the organization of a
mixed chorus, trained by Professor
Stanley. A call will be issued early next
week for those who desire to enroll as
members of the chorus, which is ex
pected to give one or two concerts
in the Greek Theater before the sum
mer session. A bulletin giving com
plete information in regard to this
course will be Issued from the record
er's office on Tuesday.
A new arrangement will be made in
classifying the students in attendance
at the summer school. Instead of all
students being on an equality as here
tofore they . will be * separated under
three distinct heads, as teachers, unJ
dergraduates and graduates and au
ditors.
Hardly less important than these
men are some of the leaders of thought
coming from Eastern universities.
Among these are Reginald A. Daly,
geologist of Canada for the Interna
tional Boundary Commission; Professor
Frederick J. Turner, director of the
school of history at the University of
Wisconsin; Professor Frances B. Gum
mere, professor of English in Haver
ford College; Professor Morris H. Mor
gan, professor of classical philology at
Harvard; Professor Albert Augustus
Stanley, professor of music in the Uni
versity of Michigan; Professor Frank
M. McMurry, professor of the theory
and practice of teaching, Columbia
University; Professor Hammond La
mont, managing editor of the New
York Evening Post; Professor Charles
H. Grandgent, professor of romance
languages at Harvard University; Pro
fessor Fonger de Haan, professor of
Spanish in Bryn Mawr College, and
Professor Archibald C. Coolidge, assis
tant professor of history at Harvard.
COURSE IN MUSIC.
Instruction will be offered at- this
session by many eminent men of let
ters and science from Eastern uni
versities and Europe. Of these three
have come from across two continents
to teach — Professor Hugo de Vries,
the botanist of the University of Am
sterdam; Professor Svante August
Arrhenius, physicist of the University
of Stockholm, and Professor James
Ward, psychologist of the University
of Cambridge, England. In addition
to these great scientists there will be
Professor Jacques Loeb, the biologist
of the University of California. Sir
William Ramsay, the chemist of Uni
versity. College, England, was to have
completed this circle of scientists, but
he was compelled to send his regrets
at the last minute.
FAMOUS INSTRUCTORS.
The first function of the session will
be the general assembly of faculty and
students at 4 p. m. in Hearst Hall.
Addresses on the significance of the
summer school will be delivered by
Professor H. Morse Stephens and Pro
fessor Bernard Moses of the history
department. Professor Leon J. Rich
ardson, dean of the school, will for
mally announce its opening.
Summer school at the University of
California begins to-morrow morning.
In anticipation of the opening intend
ing students have been arriving at
every station in Berkeley to-day. The
new arrivals are expected to swell the
number «f students applying for ad
mission to the school by at least 200.
As there were 676 applications on file
at the hour, of closing the recorder's
olfice yesterday, indications are that
about 900 people will be attending the
session before registration closes. The
number was expected to reach 1000.
but the St. Louis Fair has drawn
many people away from the State.
Registration will go on between the
hours of 8:30 and 3 o'clock daily, so
that late comers may be accommo
dated.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
214 8 Center Street, June 26.
The Board of • Trade of Fruitvale
has inaugurated a campaign for the
general improvement of Fruitvale,
and among other things the board will
make an earnest endeavor to induce
the Contra Costa Water Company to
lay larger water mains in the thickly
populated parts of the district in order
that Fruitvale may be furnished with
a more adequate water supply in case
of fire. The Board of Trade has also
voted to use every effort to secure the
establishment of a bank.
' Harry G. Williams, who recently
purchased the building at the corner
of Nineteenth street and Telegraph
avenue, which for many years was
used as a brewery, is renovating the
structure, which, when the improve
ments are completed, will be used as
a hotel building. Williams intends to
add a third story to the building, the
two upper floors of which will be used
for the hotel, while the ground floor
will be devoted to stores.
ACTIVE FRUITVALE.
The purchaser has not yet made
any statement as to his plans, but it
is expected that the old structure will
soon be torn down to make room for
a modern business block.
PLANS ARE UNKNOWN.
Hamilton Hall has a frontage of
100 feet on Thirteenth street and 105
feet on Jefferson street. The old build
ing has been closely connected with
the history of this city for thirty
years, it having been occupied by the
Oakland High School, a normal school
and churches of several denomina
tions. It is at present the home of
the First Christian Church of Oak
land.
One of the most important sales of
real estate made during the year is
that of. Hamilton Hall, an old land
mark of Oakland, which is located at
the corner of Thirteenth and Jefferson
streets. The property was purchased
by Christopher Maher, a capitalist of
this city, who resides at 662 Eighth
street. The deeds were signed by
Jewett C. Gilson and Carrie G. Gilson,
who have owned the property for
eighteen years. The purchase price is
understood to have been about
$40,000.
HAMILTON" HALL SOLD.
Lot 1, Daniel Korteen, $605. Lot 2, north
cast corner of Sixty-sixth street and Shattuck
avenue, Theodore Swift, $650. Lots 3 and 4,
Mrs. R. H. Tepper. $2j?0 each. Lot 6. D. L.
Stelle. $275. Lot 6. D. R. McNeill. $273. Loll
7 and 8. George McKlnnon, $270 each. Lots 0
and 10. William Schmidt. $275 each. Lots 11
and 12. F. Belasco. $275 each. Lot 13 W. M.
Peterson. $275. Jx>t 14, J. 8. McDowell. $273.
Lot 15, Sarah B. Beckham. $365. Lot 40. C. M.
Beck, $255. Lot 42, southeast corner of Sixty
eixth street and Shattuck avenue. C. M. Beck,
$640. Lot 43, C. M. Beck. $b00. Lot 44. Mr*.
W. H. Spigner. $5S0. Lot 45, northeast corner
of Slxty-fllth street and Shattuck avenue, Wolf
Cohen, $645.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 26.
The first auction sale of real estate
which has taken place in Oakland for
a number of years was held yesterday
by the Realty. "Bonds and Finance
Company at the corner of Sixty-fifth
street and Shattuck avenue. Seven
teen lots were disposed of and the
prices received mark the sale as the
success of the present year. The lots
sold were all in the Immediate neigh
borhood and the prices paid ranged
from $250 to $650.
The ¦ auction began early In the
afternoon and a large crowd attended
the sale. The bidding was brisk and
In some cases went up in jumps of
$100 at a time. Following: are the
purchasers of the various lots and the
prices paid for the^ property:
Mary Winnie N. Moody (single) to Minerva
J. Nlcbolls (wife of William Jr.). beginning
at SE corner of land conveyed by Moody to
Brlcker. 7S5 D. 81. thence M along E boundarv
line of said land and said line extended N
8» fe?t. E 150. S 88 W 150. map Moody place
in Kellersberger's plat M. Berkeley; $10.
William M. Butters Jr. (single) to James
Marks, lot on S line of Santa Fe avenue.
1W»1.15 W of San Pablo avenue. W 70 by 3
106.62, lot 55.55 and 10 feet wide of entire
E side of lot 5.1, map No. 2 of William M.
Butters Tract. Oakland; $10.
David and Euchemle Giroux to Edward
David Giroux. lot on W line of Grove street.
28 S cf Alden avenue. S 2H by W W>. portion
of lot 7 block D, maD of Henry subdivision of
Witcher Broekhurst and Rowland Tract, Oak
land: $130.
Charles M. and Lena G. MacGregor to Har
riet I~ R. Gibson (wife of J. B.). lot on E
line of Oakland avenue. 148 N or Santa Clara
avenue. N 37 by E 113.50. portion of lot 1.
map of Santa Clara avenue property. Oak
land; $10.
Charles E and Marlon H. Fuller to Cornelia
T. Bacon, 4 feet off W side of lot 54. said lot
bounded >» by Plvmouth or College avenue.
W by line parallel with ami 101 to E of E
line of Elm street, ma; Bue-na Vista Home
stead. Oakland; $SO.
"John U. Jensen (single) M. H. Kilbourn,
lots on SW line of East Eleventh street. 73 SE
of Twenty-sixth avenue, SE 5O by SW 100.
lot* 4 and 5. block L. Knowles and Potter sub
division of Kennedy Tract. East Oakland: $10.
Edward C. and Sarah T. Robinson to Laura
M. Mellen (single), lots on N line of Clinton
street. 525 E of Union. E 75 by N 125. lots 22
to 24, block K, map New Town of Lynn. East
Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
H«nry C. Clark, lot In cemetery. Oakland
Township: $01.
J. A. and Emily V. Marshall to Leonora E.
Olmstead. lot on TV line of Ktna street, 320 3
of Dwltrht way, S 40 by W 1C5, portion lot 5.
block S. map property John Kearney, etc.,
Berkeley: $10.
Berry-Bang3 Land Company (corporation) to
Harriet E Whirlow. lots on NW comer of
Russell street and College avenue. N 93.59. W
It*. S 106.22. NK 148.53, lots 9 and 10. block
J. Berry-Bangs Tract, map No. 2. Berkeley,
dwd and agreement; $10.
Frederick and Anna C. Bammann to Adotph,
H»cker. lot on W line of Fifth (or Second)
av«nue, 173 N" of Haight avenue. N 37:6 by
XV ICO. portion Chlpman west Ill-acre tract,
Alameda: $10.
The Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Gus
llelmina I* Protti (widow), lot 13. map
Broadway Tract. In Plat 13, V. and V. Peral
ta. Oakland; $10.
Jamts McLaughlln to Kate McLaughlin
(wife), lot on S lino of Thirty-eighth street.
20O W of Telegraph avenue. W 5<>. a 144:10^.
E M>. N 144:10V«. lot 25. Perrin Tract, portion
plat 11. aa per Kellersberger'a map ranchoa
V and V. Peralta. Oakland; gift.
Frank M. and Eleanor J. t>avls to E. Free
man, lot on S line of Grant avenue cor Thirty
seventh street), M8« W of Gold atreet. 3S.M6
by 8 115. portion of lots eoy,. 61. «2 and «3,
amended map of subdivisions of Mosswocl
Tract, deed given to correct error ta descrip
tion 997 D. 155, Oakland; $10.
Elizabeth M. Flood (alngl-?) to James Curley.
lot en N line of Central avenue. 101. 77. E of
San Pablo avenue, K .".>. by X 1(>O. lot 24. block
A. map Parson's Golden Gala Tract. Oakland:
510.
Richard and Emily B. Garnett tr> I* G
Burpee, lot on SE Una of Vernon strset. 129 f 2
NE from W corner cf lot 1. block K. NE
50.08, SE 158.75. H\V .V>, N'W 15&7N. portion
of lot 2, blr.ck K. revised map of Oakland
Heights. Oakland; $10.
'Piedmont Paving Company (corporation) to
Caterlna Leveronl dingle), lot at intersection
of S Una of lot 12 with line dividing lots 11
and 12, block T. thence E 100, thence at right
«ng!e 50, thence at right angle to point on lln»
dividing lots 11 and 12. distant C4.35 from
point of beginning, thence along said 4t\i !!;;c
line to beginning, being a SW portion of lot
13. block T. revised map of Oakland Heights.
Oakland; S10.
FIr»t Universallst Church and Parish of
Oakland (corporation) to Calvary Baptist
Church of Oakland, rerecord 060 D. 341. lot on
W line of West street, 25 S of Twelfth. S 50
by W 85. lots 18, 17 and part of lot 14. block
151. Kellers berger" a map, Oakland; $10.
Alameda County.
SATURDAY. JT7XE 23.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
New Feature Will Be Organ
ization of Chorus Among
Those in Music Course
HISTORY MEN TO SPEAK
•
Hamilton Hall, an Old His
toric'Landmark, Purchased
by Christopher Maher
GOOD PRICES REALIZED
Realty Bond and Finance
Company Sells Oakland
Property Under Hammer
Arrive in Numbers, Ready
to Swell the Crowd in
Attendance at the Session
SUMMER SCHOOL
STUDENTS COME
FIRST AUCTION
IS A SUCCESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. JUNE 27, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
VETERAN
RESCUES
CHILDREN
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Free Trial Bottle of
sent on receipt of ioc. to pay
postage. Positively relieves and
cures Oak or Ivy Poisoning,'
Sunburn, Prickly Heat, Hives,
and immediately takes the sting
out of Mosquito Bites. A mar-
velous remedy for bums, and
will positively prevent blood poi-
soning from cuts or abrasions.
Sold fay leading drufglsts.
None genalM without my signature*
61O Prlnco St. New York. .
8«a4 for &*• Booklet em "How to treat iim~
•mm," eaaUialsf hundred* of Usttamala «f
woaiarfal rarm.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
10 f. Broadway.
Telephone -Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
214S Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 5o9.W. S. Cook of This City Is Arrested in
Los Angeles for Attempt to
Defraud.
EICHENBERGER WANTS PAY
FOR AUTOMOBILE , RIDES
Itinerary of English Ecclesiastic In
. eludes Stay of Several v Days ,in
; i San Francisco.
BOSTON. June 26.— A London spe
cial'cablegram says the Archbishop oi
Canterbury, who Is soon to visit th<
United States, will make a trip- to the
Pacific slope, passing some time in Sar
Francisco. . : l 'c r
ARCHBISHOP OF CANTERBURY
¦'¦.WILD A1SIT- PACIFIC CO AS 1
Brings Suit to Set Aside a Deed.
FRESNO. June ..26. — Mrs. Augusta
Church, wife of Firmin Church, for
mer District Attorney of Fresno Coun
ty, has brought suit in the Superior
Court to have a certain deed declared
null, and void. The deed in question
conveys all her property to the wife
of her son, Jesse F. Church, but which
she says was fraudulently executed,
as she claims that when she signed
It her son represented to her that she
was merely signing a power of attor
ney to authorize him to transact her
business.
Mrs. Stella Applegate. a widow re
siding at 1021 Howard street, drank
the contents of a four-ounce bottle of
carbolic acid yesterday afternoon in
her room and died shortly after being
taken to the Emergency Hospital. The
woman had been married to a soldier
•who served in the Philippine Islands.
He returned from the Islands to this
city and committed suicide in the same
house where she ended her life. After
his death Mrs. Applegate remained in
consolable, fretting over her loss.
Yesterday, after she drank the acid,
she informed Mrs. William Duff, an
acquaintance, that she wished to die
and that she had taken the poison
with that Intention. ¦¦¦*%*.
Follows Husband's Example,
SONOMA, June 26. — Edward John
O'Neill of Napa, while swimming In
Sonoma Crek this morning near the
Jones ranch, was seized with cramps
and drowned In the presence of six or
eight persons who were fishing on the
banks of the stream. The spectators
did not realize O'Nell's perilous posi
tion, else he might have been saved.
YounR Man WhJlo Swimminsr Sinks
to Death While Assistance
Is Near.
DROWNS IN PRESENCE
OF MANY' SPECTATORS
SANTA. ROSA, June 26. — As a re
sult of an encounter with an irate hus
band, William Peatross lies sorely
wounded In the County -Hospital, suf
fering from gunshot wounds that may
be fatal.' \ S. Sims, who* Inflicted the
injuries, has been arrested and his
preliminary examination will be held
on July 5.
The shooting is said to have been
caused by Peatross' attempt to become
unduly friendly with Mrs. Sims on
Saturday night, when he was a guest
of her husband. It is said that Sims
and his wife met Peatross by chance,
and that* the latter, representing that
he was a brother of William Dixon, an
old friend of the family, was readily
invited to the house. During the even
ing, It Is alleged by Sims, Peatross'
conduct was so objectionable that he
was ejected bodily from the place.
Sims declares that his guest attempted
to draw a weapon, and it was when he
feared that he would be shot that he
fired. Peatross is wounded in the
right shoulder and his lower jaw is
torn away. by. buckshot.
Santa Rosa Man Uses Shotgun to
Avcnsre Insult Made by New
Acquaintance.
OFFENSIVE GUEST IS .
SHOT BY HIS HOST
Trains will leave Third and Town
send street depot at 8:16 a. m., not
stopping at Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets. Tickets can be purchased at
533 Kearny street or from any of
th<? members, and at the depot on the
morning of the picnic
.Officers of the society are as fol
lows: President. John Collins: first
vice president. W. J. White; second
vice president, C. E. Fisk; recording
secretary, J. Paul Spencer; financial
secretary, George Branch; treasurer.
H. V. Riffel; marshal, James Laing;
guardian. P«»t*>r J. Cotter; board of
directors. J. W. Kelley. Sam T. Sawyer.
Dave Cooper. Harry T. Hammond and
Will J. French.
Grand Bowling Tournament to Be
One of the Features of the
Occasion.
The Union Printers' Mutual Aid So
ciety, composed of members of San
Francisco Typographical Union No.
21. will hold its annual picnic at
Schuetzen Park, near San Jose, next
Sunday. From present Indications
this will be one of the most enjoyable
outings of the season- Gate and game
prizes -will be awarded and a bowling
tournament will be played by the
members of the Allied Printing Trades
Council and others who enjoy this
eport. Leo Mlchelson. captain of the
Old Crow Bowling Club, is the chair- '¦
man of the bowling committee, and
Phil Johnson will distribute the prizes.
He will be assisted by Sam T. Sawyer
of the Examiner, J. A. Snell of the
Chronicle, Ed Fitzgerald of the Call
and Anton Kilian of the Bulletin. M.
J. Lynch will be the floor manager of
the dancing pavilion.
The committee of arrangements Is
Chairman P*ter J. Cotter. C. J. Cullen.
George E. Mitchell. J. J. Gerran and
"Farley L^wis.
UNION* PRINTERS' AID
SOCIETY PliANS PICNIC
The annual pilgrimage of Landmarks
League members to the Mission San
Antonio de Padua, Monterey County,
where work of restoration is in pro
gress on the ancient sanctuary, was
this year a joy!. And the distinction
between i this • year and last was that
last year the league made promises—
this year the promises are being made
good. And therefore was there joy in
the hearts of the simple folk for whom
the mission was reared a century since,
and a correlative Joy in the hearts of
the Landmarks people that their uphill
efforts were bearing fruit.
The league was organized in May,
1902. representatives ' from the Native
Sons, Native. Daughters, Daughters of
the California Pioneers, the California
Club, the Association of Pioneer Wo
men, the Women's Press Association,
the Society of California Pioneers, the
Young Men's Institute, the Sons of
Veteran Firemen and the Teachers'
Club responding to the invitation to
send representatives to the first meet
ing. Now, that first meeting will live
long in the memories of the . moving
spirits of that night— there were patri
otic speeches from noted men and wo
men, reproaches for the apathy of our
forebears in their neglect of the most
precious historic heirlooms of America
and Impassioned promises of unfalter
ing devotion to the cause until Califor
nia should no longer be reproached for
her passive crime. But, alas! impas
sioned words of their own fire are
of times consumed! That must be what
happened, because the seats of the
loudest orators, knew them no more.
But there were others — others who qui
etly walked up, signed the rolls, paid
their dollar for the year's dues (which
little formality, by the way, was quite
overlooked by the orotund orators) and
who have attended meetings, commit
tee or general, full of enthusiasm and
helpfulness without default. It is due
to them, the earnest workers, that the
objects of the league are in a fair way
to be realized. - A
On Wednesday night the league will
celebrate its second birthday as an In
corporation, on which occasion the an
nual election will take place. The meet
ing will be held at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art, to which friends of
the cause are welcome. President
Knowland will present slides illustrat
ing the work already accomplished at
the mission, and if time permits slides
of the interesting types of people who
gather" yearly in the ruined chapel to
assist In the annual service in honor
of San Antonio. Earnest, honest, sim
ple, trusting and faithful— loving God
The joint committee of the Republi
can State Central Committee and the
executive committee of the State
League of Republican Clubs has partly
completed arrangements for the great
rally and ratification meeting which
will b« held in th« Alhambra Theater
Wednesday •vening. July «, the fiftieth
anniversary of th« formation of the
Republican party.
A telegram has been received by Gen
eral Stone from Georg» A. Knight in
reply to an invitation to speak at tha
meeting. Knight says he will be back
in time and will address the audience.
In the absence of George Stona. chair
man of the State Committee, who win
be a guest that night at the great ban
quet in Los Angeles, Senator E. J.
Wolfe of the State League of Clubs will
preside at the Alhambra.
Among the speakers, in addition to
George A. Knight, will be the eloquent
Samuel M. Shortridge. Senator George
C. Perkins, Henry C. Dibble and Julius
Kahn. The list of vice presidents wiU
be announced later.
Similar meetings In commemoration
of the fiftieth anniversary of the party
and for the ratification of the nomina
tion of Roosevelt and Fairbanks are to
be held throughout the United States.
The Republican County Committee of
San Francisco will meet this evening at
16 Geary street. At the same place to
morrow evening the Fourth Congres
sional District Republican Committea
will meet.
County commltteemen of both fac
tions of the Union Labor party of San
Francisco will meet to-morrow night.
The Hardes-Bergers faction will meet
at 102 O'Farrell street The wing of
which Thomas F. Eajan Is chairman Is
expected to spread out at 32 O'Farrell
street.
The California delegation to the Na
tional Democratic Convention has ar
ranged to leave this city for St. Louis
at 10:30 a. m. to-morrow. M. F. Tarpey
is chairman of the delegation, and It is
quite well understood that he will be
selected to represent the Democrats of
California on the national committee of
the party.
It may Interest the people of the Pa
cific Coast, as well as those that dwell
in the valley of the Mississippi, to know
that D. M. Delmas is still diligently at
work on the speech of his life.
The headquarters of the California
delegation to the St. Louis convention
will be in the Jefferson Hotel. St. Louis.
Section Hand Is Run Oover.
Harry Maloney. a section hand em
ployed by the Southern Pacific Rail
road, was run over and killed yester
day afternoon by an excursion train.
Maloney was repairing a piece of
track at Sixteenth street, near Harri
son, and evidently did not hear the
approaching train, which was bound
for Ingleside race track. On account
of a curve in the track Engineer W.
C. Airy failed to see the unfortunate
man until the train was close upon
him, but then did all in his power to
stop the cars. Maloney died while on
the way to the City and County Hos
pital. He resided at 42 Gilbert street.
with the sweet faith of children— these
descendants of the neophytes are a
type worthy of contemplation In this
age of materialism.
What think you of an Indian woman
bearing: the weight of eighty years-
Dona Perfecta Encinal— leaving her
mountain home twenty miles above the
mission on the morning of San Antonio
day, before the first glint of sunlight
crept over the Gabalars, that she might
reach the mission in time to sweep out
the vestibule, drape it with freshly
laundered linen, and make it decent for
the great feast that was about to b«
celebrated.
Her four stalwart sons, Pedro, Tito.
Felipe and Miguel, and their wives and
blinking babies came with Dona Par
fecta, all gayly clad in festival garb,
heavy laden with flowers from their
mountain home. A crown of moun
tain daisies wrought with lnflnitt care
was borne in the wrinkled fingers of
the old Indian woman for the brow of
"San Antone," and the wreath sparkled
with morning dew.
Our party, consisting of Mr. and Mrs.
Will D. Shea, Senator and Mrs. Know
land, Mrs. Lillian Ferguson, Mrs. Rath
gab and Miss Gwendolyn Powers, reach
ed the mission at sunrise, but already
had the faithful lovers of the sacred
place erected a temporary altar and
draped it with fresh linen. Behind it
stretched an Immaculate expanse of
white cloth festooned with lace, that
a shrine be made for the statue of St.
Anthony, brought from Mexico over a
century ago. While minus a few fin
gers and a toe or two — amputated, no
doubt, by relic hunters— the statue is
in excellent condition, and is a beauti
ful specimen of wood carving of the
eighteenth century, or perhaps of an
earlier period. It is exquisitely colored
and is draped in a tinsel stuff with
which time has dealt gently. This old
statue, old* as we Americans reckon
age. is cared for from feast day to
feast day by Bob Diaz of the Macon
dray rancho, who bears It tenderly on
the great festival day from its resting
place to the shrine prepared for It.
Ah! The flowers! The scarlet
pomegranate, blooming 300 summers
in the ruined patio, graced the
background, sweet-breathed roses of
Castile smiled from the crude altar,
geraniums flashed their flame as if
challenging the promegranate — a riot
of color, a discord, perhaps, but the
scheme was born of love. And if any
power on earth can disarm criticism,
that power is sentiment. There was
no criticism in our hearts. Only won
der at the fervor.
As the service was about to be said
the Rev. Father Zephryin Englehardt
donned the brown robes of the Fran
ciscan order, of which he is a mem
ber, and the yesteryear was linked
with to-day in the presence •of the
cowl and gown.
For the first time since his boyhood,
handsome, old Antonio Gomez had not
the honor of serving as acolyte, the
Rev. Father Farriga making the re
sponses to his guest, the Franciscan.
The service over, the graves of the
founders of the mission were definitely
located by means of records and tes
timony, with the following result: Be
ginning at the east wall lies Fray Juan
Bautlsta Sancho, died 1830; next to
him the Rev. Dorote Ambris (the last
custodian of the mission), died 1880;
next to the west wall are the graves
of Fray Francisco Pujot y Pujot (died
in 1801) and Fray Buenaventura Sit
jar, who died in 1813. Between their
tomb and that of Father Ambris lies
Fray Serria, the martyr-priest of Sole
dad, -whose body was borne over the
mountain paths on a bier of boughs,
pine torches lighting the way, that he
might He with hi3 brethren in the
sleep eternal.
For ten years the rains have beaten
down upon the graves of these pioneers,
the winter winds hurling upon them
the rotted timbers of the vanished roof.
And the removal of this debris was no
small task. With picks and shovels the
workmen labored many days to remove
the tons of debris.
Now, fellow Callfornlans, what ex
cuse can we offer our children, and
their children's children in the years to
come. If l we fall to save for them the
noblest .historical structures in Amer
ica? What possible excuse can we fur
nish them, when the expenditure of a
little sentiment, a little energy and a
little money will preserve the most
famous of American landmarks for an
other century, or many centuries?
Let all good Callfornlans who really
want to save the missions and other
historical structures attend the annual
meeting of the Landmarks League on
Wednesday night, when new members
will be, received Into the league. The
annual dues are $1, with life member
ship at $25. i
Patriotism, my 'friends. Is bombast
unless it be made manifest h^y deeds.
Now is the time at hand for good Cali
forians to prove themselves. Another
year or two and all will be lost, and
deep will be the shame of us whose
boast Is known to be our 'love of
State." •¦•7 .:.¦•¦;:/::,'
RED 3IEX OF NORTHWEST
ENGAGE IX WEIRD RITE
Indians Gather on Mountain Top and
to Sounds of Tomtoms Perform
"Sacred" Dance.
BUTTE. Mont, June 26. — Fourteen
miles from Bptte. on the summit of
"Buffalo Hump," about 300 Indians
from all the federated tribes of the
Northwest are engaged in their annual
"sacred" dance, one of the weirdest
and strangest rites of the redskins of
the West.
With the breaking of dawn yester
day morning 100 warriors, represent
ing the Snakes, Crees, Flatheada, Chip
pewas, Shoshones and Lemhl tribes,
crouching behind long barriers of pina
brush, began a weird tooting of willow
whistles to the beating of tomtoms by
the squaws. Gradually rising to their
feet, the Indians would advance upon
one another singing the praises of
their departed braves and chanting
strange dead songs of grief for their
deceased forefathers. Ceaselessly the
Indians danced until one by one they
fell exhausted to the ground.
Other warriors, resplendent in
paint, stood In readiness and con
tinued the frantic dance. All night
long the hills and canyons abont th»
hump resounded with the whoops of
the Indians and the beating of their
tomtoms.
Democratic Delegation to
the St. Louis Convention
Ready for the Journey
KNIGHT WILL SPEAK
"¦Vl*t." r'ntrs] chorue: Introduction, E.
F«nr»; riclin trio, "Anfiknt* con Graila"
<T«rtir.!). Attllio. Oug1i«lnjo and Pletro Larala;
Italian chcrut. Holy Chll4hoo<l Sodality: wel
toBf. Irene <5e Martini; "Little Sunbeams,"
ccneertwl recitation; "Perche <ju^*t«. glola?"
Ciaudina Ghibaufil. Emm TofTanelll; violin
trio. '"Lars" Cel^brw" <G. Handel), th« Laraia
broth-n: "Th* npy1*«s Town." J. TadSeucd:
"Cfu«"er. Immaculate." Holy Angels' Sodality;
"Inno." Kstl* Musar.te: ••Naraln* Our Cluh."
Ho!y Xinif Sodality; musical accompanist. Miss
Lydia Spndina; rfinarka by Monsignor Ct>fta
maprj.
The Bishop Is en his way to Turin,
Italy, where a general convention of
the Saleslan congregation, of which he
Is a. distinguished member, ia to take
place.
Bishop Ccstamagna expressed his
fieep pleasure with the spiritual and
material life of the Italians he had met
during his week's sojourn in the city.
He BaJd he was thoroughly convinced
that in San Francisco there is large
sympathy in the church, a condition
•which he intends to report to the Holy
Father and the Salesian order.
He was notably pleased with the
music of the children of the parish
an<S remarked that Italians love good
music, but music, he said, must be ac
companied by the good meaning of the
heart.
The Bishop felt that if he could have
taken with him to the convention a pic
ture of the prand occasion of that af
ternoon, his colleagues would have been
as deeply impressed as himself.
He gave the highest praise to the
Falesian Fathers for their assiduous
and zealous work In the parish.
Following Is the programme as given
at the reception to the Bishop: •
A reception was given to the Right
Rev. J. Costaxnagna, D. D.. Bishop of
Coloma. in SaJesian Hall. Sts. Peter
ar.d Paul Church, Dupont street,
yesterday aXternoon. Several hundred
attended the reception, also the cere
mony of bleEBing a new statue, which
has been lately received from Paris
and placed In the church.
After Blessing Statue in
Church Divine Listens
to Music in His Honor
GIVEN GRAND RECEPTION
Seven obsolete vessels have been
struck off the effective list of the Ger
man navy. The number includes the
following three ironclads: Koenig.Wil
helm,9757 tons, built in 1868; Deutsch
land, 7676 tons, built in 1874, and the
Kaiser, of 7676 tons, launched in 1875.
The discarded unarmored vessels are
the : Zletan, a dispatch, vessel of 975
tons, built In 1876; i: Mercur and Alex
andrtna, third-class sheathed . ¦ cruisers
of 2373 tons, launched in 1885. and the
Meteor, a dispatch vessel of 946 tons and
trial speed of 21 knots, built In 1890. ..
¦ The Turkish .cruiser VAbdulHamid,
built ? at- Elswick. has been delivered
after making successful speed trials. A
mean speed of 22.25 knots was obtained
in six runs over the - measured mile,
and '¦¦ on a six ¦ hmirs* natural draught
trial the speed averaged 21.1 knots.- The
Abdul Medjidi. ; built by Cramps and a
sister : ship \ to " the '• Abdul Hamld. . was
delivered; four i months earlier than the
Elswick built cruiser, and on her meas
ured mile trial made 22.28 knots. On the
The British Admiralty has adopted a
plan for a plentiful supply of naval
engineers which promises good results.
A limited number of supplementary
cadets will be admitted to the Royal
Naval Engineering College and given
an exceptional opportunity for train
ing in marine engineering and naval
architecture. .These students are of
fered the same advantages as the en
gineer and constructor cadets in re
spect both of the college residence and
training and of practical work in the
dockyard, without being under any ob
ligation to enter the Government serv
ice. No employment is guaranteed on
the completion of jthe training, but in
the event of vacancies occurring among
the engineer cadets an opportunity will
be given to the private students to
compete, and, if selected, they will be
eligible for commissions in the navy
under the same conditions as the en
gineer cadets. They will also be per
mitted to admission at the end of the
course to the Royal Naval •, College,
Greenwich.
NEW GERMAN TORPEDO-BOATS.
In the German navy six torpedo
boats, S 120 to 125, are nearly completed,
and arrangements are. being made for
building a further series of S 126 to 130.
During the present year the German
torpedo-boat fleet will number thirty
six modern first-class boats of 350 tons
and 27.5 to- 29 knots speed, and also
eighty second-class boats of 20 to 26
knots. V
The submarine boat trials are still
In progress at Portsmouth. It was
found that the boats could be captured,
or, at least, made harmless by means
of strong steel nets suspended in the
water from booms attached to speedy
vessels, and the submarine advocates
are- devising means to overcome this
defense. At the next trial the torpedo
fired from the boat will be ¦ fitted at
its point with a scissor contrivance,
and it is believed that the rent made
will so weaken the net that it will
be unable to withstand the tearing
strain of the submarine following be
hind.
The Constellation is erroneously sup
posed to be the ' West ship afloat in any
navy, but the Victory, Nelson's flag
ship, antedated the American ship by
thirty-two years, as she was launched
May 7, 1765. Eleven ships in the Brit
ish navy have borne the name Victory,
the first one having been built
in 1560. The ship preceding the
present Victory was never heard
of after a storm in the channel
October 4, 1744, and the vessel and
complement of 1100 men, including Ad
miral Sir J. Balchen, 75 years of age,
found a watery grave. The present
Victory lay at her moorings for thir
teen years after being launched, but
from 177S up to 1812 she made up for
lost time. The termination of her
active service was coincident with
the battle of Waterloo and since
1825 she has remained in Ports
mouth harbor flying the admiral's flag.
A sham fight came off recently in the
Mediteranean between two fleets of
British ships, one, under command of
Admiral Domville and the other under
Lord Charles Beresford.- The latter
was defeated, owing to the superior
speed of his" opponent's fleet. -The dis
tance adopted by the two admirals for
closing was 2500 yards, which is Just
out of torpedo range. In order to in
sure more rapid firing of battery guns
in this intervening distance important
changes are contemplated In the ships
under construction. Supplementary
magazines and shell rooms are to be
placed as half-way houses from the
ship's magazines, immediately below
the guns' positions. The^ danger of
keeping a supply of live shells and
cartridges in the casemates and ar
mored compartments will thus be
avoided, while provision will also be
made for the most rapid shell fire. By
Captain Scott's "loader" a rapidity of
twenty-two shots in two minutes has
been attained in a 6-inch gun, equal to
the delivery of 1100 pounds of metal
from one gun in one minute.
SUBMARINE TRIALS.
The frigate Constellation has been
towed' from Norfolk -to the New York
navy yard to be thoroughly repaired.
She is the oldest • ship, in the United
States navv . and was launched Sep
tember 7, 1797, being the second of six
frigates authorized bv Congress March
27, 1794. The others were the United
States, launched July 10, 1797; the Con
stitution, October 21, 1797; the Chesa
peake, President and Congress,
launched at later dates. The Constel
lation and Constitution axe the only
ones left, the others having been either
captured or destroyed,, and the two
frigates should be preserved as me
mentos of the early victories of the
navy. One hundred years ago these
two frigajtes were in the Mediterranean,
and succeeded with other ships in
breaking up the piratical depredations
of the African corsairs. While the Con
stellation is the oldest ship in the navy,
the Constitution is known throughout
the naval world for its famous fights
and interesting exploits. The Constel
lation's war record is limited to the
capture of the French frigate L'lnsur
gente and engagement with two other
French ships. She was built at Bal
timore at a cost of $314,212, and after
a commission of five years, from 1800
to 1805, was laid up for five years, then
rebuilt; commissioned in 1816, and on
intermittent cruising service until 1844.
Then the old craft had a rest of ten
years. In 1854 she was again rebuilt
at*a cost of $277,106, and after ten years'
active service became a receiving ship
at Norfolk, whence she was transferred
to the Naval Academy and served as
practice ship until 1889. In that year
the Constellation met with Its first se
rious accident, by running aground and
narrowly escaping total loss. For this
accident her commanding ofllcer was
suspended for one year. Later the ves
sel served as a stationary training ship
at Newport, and is now to be repaired,
while money has been refused for the
thorough repair of the glorious old
Constitution, now rotting at her birth
place at Boston.
VICTORY THE OLDEST SHIP.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
Bishop Costamagna Pleased
Witli Social and Religious
Life of Italian Citizens
A very enjoyable surprise party was
tendered G. A. Samish at his residence,
722 Eddv street, last Tuesday evening.
Among those present were Miss Ida
Frankel of Los Angeles, Miss-White
head, Miss Mary Rody, Miss Nanetta
Webb, Lieutenant A. F. Ludwlg, Lieu
tenant C Smith. Sergeant C. J. Len
gen. Captain G. T. Leroi and wife. Dr.
R. N. Murphy and wife, Mr. and Mrs.
Robertjerk Sr.. Mr. and Mrs. Lew
Haeuhulen, George Stores, Emil
Fleisher; Mr. and Mrs. Robertjerk Jr.
and Mrs. Bertha;, Sanler. A pleasant
evening was spent in came a and mu-
A birthday party was given at Selg
ler Springs to William Dinar and Wal
ter McGowan. After an Interesting
programme by the children present the
guests and children sat down to an
elegant repast.
A party was given to Miss Sarah
Hamilton at the home of her parents,
1531 Kentucky street, on Saturday
evening. Jane 11. The affair was in
honor of Miss Hamilton's birthday an
niversary. The following enjoved the
occasion: Misses Frances Dougherty,
Manda Soonnann, Rena Taule, Bertha
Lindeman. Addle LIndeman. Lorene
Dwyer, Henrietta Rancke, Annie Keo
hane. -Susie Dwyer, Luretta Keohane,
Margaret Harkins, May Hamilton,
Bertha Paulson, Hazel Paulson and
Hazel Hamilton; Messrs. Albert Cas
slnllli, Willie CaRsinilli. Thomas Mor
rlsey, Clifton Winny, George Paulson,
Eddie Rancke. Willie Hamilton, Hugh
Hamilton.
A birthday party was given In honor
of Miss Alice Tillotson and Miss Eva
Powers at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Yaw, 1414 Everett street. . on Sunday,
June 19. Those present were Louisa
Fraga. Amelia Gonzales, Wilbur Noble,
Edna Roblnette, Frances Wrenn, Ger
tie O'Brien and Mr. and Mrs. J. W.
Noble.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Selleck of 1909
Bush street will celebrate the twenty
flfth anniversary of their wedding on
Wednesday, June 22. and will be
pleased to receive their friends. They
will be at home from 2 to 5 p. m.
A pleasant surprise party was given
to Miss Mae Dermody of 934 Larkln
street on June 16. Music, dancing and
games filled the hours until the time for
supper. The house was prettily deco
rated with pink and white flowers.
Among those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. J. E. Dermody. Misses Mae Der
mody, Marion Hennessy, Eva Conway,
Nellie Stephens, Julia Bertrand, Mae
Lawtoni Emma Taylor of Berkeley and
Mae Black; Edward Burns. C. Musso,
C. McDermitt, W. Dixon. Samuel Dlx
on. M. C. Aros and Robert Escamilla.
• • •
HO>fE PARTIES.
I One of the prettiest weddings of the
month was that of Miss Nellie Eich
born and R. Rothschild, which took
place on the 14th, -the Rev. D. Rabbi
Mahr officiating. Mrs. Rothschild is a
charming person and very popular with
J her set. Mr. Rothschild Is a successful
i business man of this city.
| The marriage of H. W. Watts and
j Mi6s Luella M. Purdie was solemnized
j at the residence of the brother and sis
i ter of the bride, Mr. and Mrs. F. W.
Pitts. 1271 Turk street, on the evening
of June 20. The marriage ceremony
j was performed by the Rev. John Hemp
hill in a floral bower of smllax. Sus
pended overhead were two hoops of
white and pink sweet peas, looped with
bows of pink and white tulle.
The bride was gowned In white crepe
de chine and carried bride's roses, tied
with tulle, her only ornament being a
diamond locket, the groom's gift. The
groom was attended by J. S. Purdie,
brother of the bride. Miss Hlta Pow
ell, a schoolmate of the bride, was maid
of honor. Her gown was white organ
die over blue taffeta and her bouquet of
roses. Miss Dorothy Pitts, the bride's
j dainty little niece, gowned in blue silk
mull, preceded the bridal party. carry-
Ing pink baby roses. After congratula
tions, the guests repaired to the supper
room, where about forty sat down to a
repast.
After July 6 Mr. and Mrs. Watts will
be at home in their new apartments at
The Ainsley, 620 Turk street.
Miss Anna Packert and Harry Stein
berg were married Tuesday, June 21,
at a downtown restaurant. Rev. Dr.
Voorsanger performed the ceremony.
After a wedding breakfast the couple
left on their honeymoon trip to South
ern California-
Miss C. E. Borline and William S.
Hughes were quietly married at Mis
! sion . Dolores Church by Rev. Father
Tobin. After the ceremony they left on
an extended tour through the southern
part of the State*
One of the prettiest June weddings
occurred last 'Wednesday evening at a
downtown restaurant,- when Miss Flor
ence A. Edwards became the bride of
•¦ Benjamin M. Harris. "Under a bower of
! pink sweet peas the marriage ceremony
took place, Dr. M. S. Levy officiating.
The bride, who is a girl of the Gibson
type, looked very attractive in a gown
of cream satin and lace, with a filmy
veil reaching to the hem of her gown.
She carried Bride roses. Her only at
tendant, the maid of honor, was Rose
M. Edwards. The groom was attended
by A. L. Schoenfeld.
A pretty wedding took place on the
19th inst., when Miss Hazel Caro,
daughter of Morris Caro and grand
daughter of Mrs. G. Rosenberg, became
the bride. of Maurice Goodstein, the
' well-known merchant of San Jacinto,
at the home of the bride, 1306 Laguna
street. The house was a bower of pink
sweet peas and pink roses, and the par
lors where the ceremony took place
were particularly beautiful In their
floral dress. The bride, a tall and strik
ing brunette, was attired in a beautiful
white crepe silk trimmed with point
lace. She carried a white silk prayer
book. Mr. and Mrs. Goodstein will
make a tour of- the southern part of the
State, and upon their return will reside
in San Jacinto, where the groom has
purchased a beautiful home. The gifts
to the pair were very handsome.
WEDDINGS.
The engagement is' announced I of
Miss Jennie Haas of Cincinnati to Rab
j bi Martin A. Meyer of Albany, late of
j this city.
j Mr. and Mrs. M. Kantrowits announce
j the engagement of their daughter Ida
to Peter Henschel. They will receive
their friends on Sunday, July 3, at
lEOIVs Golden Gate avenue.
The engagement of Miss Mary Dick
inson Healey and Alexander Spencer
Arnold has just been announced.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Josephine Barnett, daughter of Mrs.
Hulda Barnett and the late Isaac Bar
nett, to C M. Mooslln, a prominent
business man of this city.
• • •
ENGAGEMENTS.
Social affairs have reached a state of
stagnation — the usual status during the
midsummer months. Whatever inter
est remains to the town-dwellers Is cen
tered principally about the festivities
attendant upon betrothals and wed
dings.
Much life prevails at the resorts.
where thousands of city folk are now
taking their case in the inns.
Mrs. Charles M. Ingram and Mr. and
Mrs. Paul A. Ploda left Thursday for a
visit to Yosemite VaUey. After a fort
night's sojourn there Mrs. Ingram will
stop at Merced for an extended visit
to her sister. Mrs. George C. Deane, at
her pretty home on the Deane ranch, a
few miles from town.
Mr. and Mrs. William Samuel an
nounce the barmltzvah of their son,
Lionel Bert Samuel, at the Geary-street
Temple, which took place ' Saturday
morning at 10 o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. Dick Gay of Washing
ton, D. C, the latter formerly Miss
Aimee Cellarius of this city, leave
Washington shortly for an extended
visit to the St. Louis fair. From there
they will go for a month's visit to rela
tives in Iowa, returning to Washington
in August.
Mr. and Mrs. George H. Lux and
Mrs. A. R. Meader have mpved from
2034 Pine street to their new home, 2420
Union street. "
Mrs. N. M. Breckenfeld, accompanied
by her niece. Miss Genevieve Ashby of
Portland, Oregon, and her daughter
Gertrude are spending a Jew weeks in
the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Miss Leah A. Wissig will be the
guest of Mrs. H. Heins and her daugh
ter Mrs. H. Hlldebrand of 1924 Mason
street, at their summer residence,
"Wildwood," Niles canyon, for an in
definite period.
Among the arrivals at Southslde
Farm. Guerneville, are Mr. and Mrs.
G. H. Quinton and child, Mr. and Mrs
J. E. Parmelee, Mrs. J. B. Timbrel and
the Misses Frances and Christine Barr.
Mr. and Mrs.George W. H. Patterson
have just returned from a visit to Port
land, where they^ spent a week enjoy
ing the beauties of the Columbia and
Willamette rivers. They also visited
Seattle and Victoria.
E. Soher and family and Mrs. Llnd
of this city are visiting Del Monte.
Mrs. A. W. Morgan of this city is
visiting her friend, Mrs. E. Taylor, at
2432 Hilgard avenue, Berkeley.
John Hayden, accompanied by his
eldest daughter. Miss • Marie Hayden,
left for a trip to Ireland on last Thurs
day. After a short sojourn in his na
tive land the couple will make a brief
tour of the Continent, returning by way
of St. Louis, where the World's Fair
will be visited.
Mrs. L. G. Gelnias and her little
daughter Hermlne are spending their
vacation in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Sahlein and
family are spending the summer in
Alameda.
Mrs. J. B. Shroyier and Miss Belle
Shroyier left last evening for a visit to
the St. Louis Fair, and later will visit
-Washington as the guests of .Mrs.
Shroyipr's relatives.
Mrs. Henry Lowenbeln and son Alvin
of New York will be the guests of her
mother, Mrs. Flora Caro, at 1382 McAl
lister street, during the months of July
and August. She will be at home the
first and second Thursdays in July.
Miss Violet Albright of Fruitvale and
Miss Rhoda O'Ferrall of San Francisco
are spending a few weexs at Roward
ennan.
Mrs. Charles Keilus, Miss Rose J.
Keilus, Henry M. Keilus and Julien
Keilua^have gone on a tour to the
southern part of the State and Mexico
to be away six or seven weeks.
Max Harris left on June 22 for an ex
tensive Eastern trip, including the St.
Louis Fair. He will be absent about
two months.
Misses Berenice and Lillian Van Gel
der left for Novato to spend their va
vation.
Mrs. J. Jacobowitz and Iier son Jo
seph have gone to spend a few weeks
in Santa Cruz.
Dr. and Mrs. d'Ancona have moved
to 995 Golden Gate avenue, corner of
Laguna street.
Dr. and Mrs. Charles C. Mohun have
returned from a trip East, including a
visit to the St. Louis Exposition.
The launch excursion given by the
Golden Eagle Social Club Sunday,
June 19, was a success. Those present
were Mrs. M. Benard. C. W. Rich, Miss
Shillman. Al Read, Miss Graves, R.
Koch. Miss Keen. George Love. Miss
A. Tisher, C. R. Wheeler.
Mrs. Frank Koch. Miss Lillian Koch,
Mr. and Mrs. L. C. Miller and Miss
Gertie Miller have gone to Howell
Mountain for a month.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Gellert and Mrs. R.
Leon left town recently for an extended
visit to Deer Park Inn and Lake Tahoe.
Mrs. Rose Wolff and daughter Miss
Eva Wolff, are spending a few weeks
in Santa Cruz.
Mrs. Reeves Atkinson and daughter
Mrs. J. A. Wadsworth, leave for the
East Monday. After a few weeks' so
journ in St. Louis they will visit New
York and Boston. Master Harry Wads
worth will accompany them.
Mrs. H. Mosas of Cincinnati, Ohio,
accompanied by her daughter Minnie,
is visiting her brother G. Sena of 882
Fulton street.
Mrs. Joseph A. Sheldon is occupying
her new home at 3540 Clay street and
will receive her friends the fourth Fri
day of every monlh.
Mrs. D. J. Creighton, Christopher B.
Creighton, Miss Alice Creighton and
Charles E. Mansfield have gone to Wil
liams, Arizona, to spend the summer.
Mrs. M. Merrigan and her two
charming daughters, . the Misses Bess
and Nellie, have gone to Catalina Isl
and and Coronado Beach to be absent
about a month. They are accompanied
by their uncle, Sir Merrigan, whosu
home is in England.
Miss Irma Berman and Manfred Ber
man axe at Hay wards.
Mr. and Mrs. George J. Schweitzer
of 422 Francisco street left on the 19th
for Santa Cruz, where they will stay
six weeks.
• • a
PERSONALS.
sic and at the close light refreshments
were served.
Preparation for Republican
Eally at Alhambra Theater
to Eatify Nominations
Work on the San Antonio Mission to
Be Shown by Lantern Views.
OLDEST SHIP
IN OUR NAVY TO
BE PRESERVED
During July Society in Town Is
Doomed to Dullness.
CAMP FIRES
ARE BLAZING
NOTED PRELATE
IS IMPRESSED
"TO THE WOODS" IS THE KEYNOTE OF SOCIETY;
LANDMARKS LEAGUE TO HOLD ANNUAL MEETING
SAN ¦ FRANCISCO CALU, .MONDAY, : > JUNE 27, 190^;
Notice to Passengers.
. Baggage transferred to and • from • all -train*
•teamera. etc.. at' low rates. One trunk (single
trip) 35 cents; round trip. 50 cents. .Morton
Epeclal Delivery. 308 Taylor St., 660 Market «t.
Oakland Ferry depot. Faone Exchnage 40. ¦ • >.i
six-hour natural draught trial the
speed was 20 knots. .: >•',"¦¦
:; Seven '* torpedo-boat destroyers have
been -ordered' by: the Turkish Govern
ment from ithe Ansaldo firm at Genoa.
They^are,to.be'dellvered in ten months
and are to cost $1,120,000 ¦ in ' the . aggre
gate..' Considering the * ; fact, that only
2200 ' horsepower and - 24 knots speed is
required/, the ; vessels cannot be classed
as destroyers and are only second-class
torpedo-boats/ ';.,¦ - •
Swimmer Is Accidentally Drowned.
: FRESNO, June 26. — J.E. Shaft was
drowned yesterday while swimming in
the ¦ San Joaquin River, near Hern
djm. •- He was 28 years old and a resl
jaent of Herndon. . -''¦¦:l~ y
:. PORTLAND, Or., June 26. — The
monitor .Wyoming and the torpedo
boat destroyers Perry and Paul- Jones
arrived here from Puget Sound about
noon to-day in order to participate In
the^ Fourth of July celebration in this
city. :
War Craft Reach Portland.
He is charged by H. P. Elchenberger
¦with defrauding a livery stable and a
•warrant was- issued by Judge Mogan
last Saturday for his arrest. He evi
dently succeeded in riding well into the
liveryman's credit, as he is charged
with hiring an automobile . from the
complaining witness until; his bill!.ag
gregated 5500.. Then he disappeared to
ward Los Angeles. A 1 dispatch from
that city last night stated that he had
plenty of money and succeeded in get
ting $500 more from j a merchant there
just before he was arrested. -'%§Mi&i
W. S. Cook of this city was arrested
on the train in Los Angeles yesterday
morning at the request of Chief of Po
lice Wittman. With him were Roy
Thatcher and Bud Allen, who were
first held and subsequently released. In
charge of an officer, Cook is on his way
to San Francisco.
5
"W«» have influenced many people to
try Postum and all of them like It bet-
ter the longer they use it. and most of
them say it is better than coffee."
Name »rivon by Postum Co., Cattle
Creek. Mich.
Ten days' trial Postum in place of
coffee often works wonders. There's a
reason.
Look in each pkg. for the famous lit-
tle book. "The Road to Wellville.**
"My nose was constantly dripping
bloody water, but in two weeks," time
after I quit coffee and used Postum
Food Coffee in its place I could see my
way very well, the dripping from my
nose stopped and my nose flnaily got
perfectly well and healthy as far sis is
liossible for the septum to grow back.
"There is no doubt it was a case of
coffee catarrh and the cure was made
entirely by changing from coffee to
Postum. The re3t of my family took
up the new drink and Postum relieved
my wife and little boy of frequent
headaches, and what is called 'coffee
headache* Is not known in our family
any more. Our sleep is so much more
refreshing.
•There is no doubt coffee rave me
nasal catarrh: The septum in my nose
v. &a all gone and the catarrh was eat-
ing Its nay. getting hold of the main
bone of the nose. It also affected my
sight very much.
It Is curious how many diseases come
from a disordered nervous system
which locates disease In some part of
the body and the primary cause can
often be traced to coffee, which first
breaks down the nervous system. A
Georgian Fays:
An Unsuspected Cause.
COFFEE CATARRH
POSTUM CEREAL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nB bBbB WIT AT|n]BSnsr Ba -J&m£ JBSl Ira E ly*j3E^i»fl«j Bl JKt Wk L
'SlSM/UtKETSnWI^ I
\to vrink our & J QV o & s d/%$Fr J^mb^<n
V Tel. South 1083. &8&%>T I tp^2&ftKw
I osocesixs. Mm\tm I ¦ hi^^m/^*\
I HOLT.AXD HERRING Xee «S» jGp£\ W ' MSe© ' : *K^ I
I Uep. olze; Imported: mixed Roe JEmfiSA. \\ I HH 1x7iyj£*_ 1
I and Mttch.n. Reg. $1.0O. i$JS&*\o> I BfiisHFYiftli
§ EASTERN HAM9 round lie J^>mS§B&{ ' «1£BS-1JLIV\
A All sizes, from 8 to 14 pounds: flBHH|y . 53/VWft I A
M extra: select sugar cured; Guaranteed ggt^ : >;;-;»£? 'Jfil iX I /isSBf^H aSo*. Iffin
H In every way; to-day, with orders J * , .- r-, ,.| \X^ y^^^S&M tint Ej'j
fl FRESH GRAHAM CRACKERS i^} i^L >>N^^~ CT^^PtI?**? ffilJ
H "ifealthVe's't'Vakes'in'the world for ™"raBHBMBrnffiri^« ! Mr»rt^ M ,'2Aa
H children. Refc. 13c. »#»»»#»»¦ I
il'FANCT CREAMEUT BUTTER LHJUOSfc M
'¦ square 33a. BASS' ALE. dot 91.3A 1
S Now is your opportunity for Johnson bottling; the geauin*. lncornpara- J.
M pickling your own butter at low ble "Bass' Bitter." Reg. $2.10. |
W price: -we furnish everything needed GUI NESS" PORTER, dos $1.75 I
¦ for packing. Old English Stout. Reg. $2.10. 0
|. MIXED NUTS pound lOc JESSE MOORE WHISKT...AA 85c. C TOo A
H All fancy, sweet, meaty nuts. ' Reg. 91.0ft and 89c. f?
¦ Reg. 15c ITALIAN OR FRENCH VERMOUTH, bot.. m
A JERSEY CREAM 3 cans 25o OOc g
W Sterilized evaporated; finest qual- Genuine Imported. Reg. «55c. a
fl Ity made In California: extra large PtTRB RASPBERRT SYRUP, gallon. 91.00 B
¦ tin; purer and richer than Eastern Home-made: nothing but pure fruit Juice; a
B brands. Reg. 2 for 25c. * . * sample It. Reg. $1.50. g
B 10- pound box CRACKERS 40c FINE TABLE CLARET, gallon S3e 3
| Fresh baked and crisp; Standard Astl Vineyard; special quantity price, fl
¦ make. Reg. We. ¦ Reg. 40c. 9
¦ LUCCA OIL ..quart bottle IBe KELLOGO'S WHISKY, bottle 65c U
y .. Pure domestic salad oil. Reg. 25c The genuine old WHmerdlng Bourbon. W
¦ SHELLED ALMONDS..... pound 25c Reg. 9Oc. ¦
m Large Imported. Reg. 40c. JEFFERSON CLUB WHISKY, gal 92.OO < B
~M FANCY COSTA RICA COFFEE.lb 17e Fine old mellow Kentucky rye. Reg. $3.n»». H
0 Roasted; rich, /•trong flavor. PORT WINE OR SHERRY. AA. gal...75n \
1 Reg. 25c. Bella Rlanca Vineyard: rich fruity wine. Q
| SPIDER LEO JAPAN TEA.... lb 30c Re*. S1.0O. §
: a ' 10 - pounds $2.75; uncolored; new IMPORTED APRICOT BRANDY, pint bor. if
W crop. Reg. 50c. - 5«c j£
B FANCY MARTIN'S NEW YORK J. W. brand: English. Reg. 73c. ¦
'¦ CHEESE....; 2 pounds 25c BLACK AND WHITE SCOTCH, bot.. #1.00 t ¦
B . Reg. 20c . s, Reg. $1.00. . *- 0
AW "i ¦ ' ¦ ' ii i ¦ m w m n ii w — ffSpecial Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1042. *
Townsend's California Glaca fruits In
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market **»*"
A young lady, inspired by arcadian simplicity, accepted
the other day the hospitality of a man she never had. met
before and probably will never meet again. Her trusting
confidence led her to a drinking resort, where she was
robbed. She has braved notoriety to seek redress and
in doing so has performed a public service. She has
given the young women* of San Francisco a splendid
object lesson of everything they should not be or .do.
She even may profit by her experience.
The most disconsolate fellow that
walks the beach is the hermit crab
whose shell has become too snug for
comfort, says Country Life in America.
II it were his own, as the clam's Is, It
would grow with his growth and al
ways be a perfect fit, but to the hermit
there comes often a "moving day,"
when a new house must be sought.
Discouraging .work it is. too. Most of
the doors at which he knocks are slam
med In his face. A tweak from a larger
plncef than his own will often satisfy
Borrozvcd Plumes.
WHITE SPOTS— A. R.. City. White
spots on the nails come and go and
there is no outward application that
will remove such. Some . people who
believe In superstitions are of the opin
ion that a white spot appears for every
He told. If that be true, the way to
prevent white spots appearing on the
finger nails Is to stick to the truth.
How far radium is responsible for the
heat of the earth is one of the philo
sophical questions now interesting sci
entists. Professor Rutherford before a
recent meeting of the Royal Institution
of London stated that he believed tbe
amount of radium present and uni
formly distributed throughout the earth
would be sufficient .to account for all
the heat lost from that body. In this
event the cooling of the earth, so that
ultimately it would becom uninhabit
able, as was calculated by Lord Kelvin,
would be postponed, and a few million
more years would Jbe afforded for the
various forms of animal life. Such a
possibility was anticipated doubtless
by Lord Kelvin himself, for in his cal
culations he Inserted ! "provided no hew
form of heat is discovered.", This is
now held to exist in the minute, quan
tities of radium which " are widely and
universally distributed over the earth
and which may account for! the gradual
increase of temperature as the interior
of the earth is ' approached.— Harper's
Weekly; * w
Radium and Earth's Heat.
SEVEN-THIRTTES — S., Oakland,
Cal. Seven-thirties are treasury notes
of the United States bearing Interest
at the rate of 7.30 per annum. They
were first authorized in order to meet
the "expenses of the Civil War by the
act of July, 1881. The total amount
Issued before the war was concluded
was $330,000,000.
CABINET OFFICERS— E. F.. City.
Among the members of the Cabinet of
President Hayes were John Sherman.
Secretary of the Treasury; William M.
Evarts, Secretary of State, and Carl
Schurz, Secretary of the Interior, who
were the three who figured most prom
inently in the history, of the country.
COLUMBIA — Subscriber, Alameda.
Cal. This department Is unaware of
the existence of a Columbia building
in San Francisco except the one in
which Is the Columbia Theater, on
Powell street, near Market. There Is
a prominent building known as th«
Columbian at 916 Market street.
STEVENSON MONUMENT — E. A.
B.. City. The inscription on the Robert
Louis Stevenson monument in Ports
mouth Square, San Francisco, com
mencing, "To be honest, to be kind."
is from the works of the writer In
whose^memory the monument was
erected.
'Answers to Queries.
President Harper of the University
of Chicago argues trenchantly in the
World To-Day for July for higher pay
for teachers ia elementary and sec
ondary schools. He says:
"The demands of the work can b«
met only by those whom nature has
endowed with a high order of talent.
The teacher to whom is intrusted the
fostering care of our children should
surely be one whose ability we re
spect. How is it possible to satisfy
the conscience If a policy other than
this prevails? Is there anything more
precious than the child, whether
viewed from the point of ,vlew of the
family or the state? Is not his train
ing a thing of pre-eminent impor
tance? And yet we are* willing to
pay to his teacher a salary far less
than is paid in many cases to the
keeper of our horses, or to the keeper
of our cattle. Who can not see the
utter absurdity of this? The teacher,
everything considered, should be, and
in man^cases Is, the equal of the man
or woman who enters into any other
professional life. Shall we stultify
ourselves by continuing to pay the
teacher at a rate which places on
him or her the brand of intellectual
weakness for having accepted a posi
tion which promises its occupant so
little profit or advantage? The time
has come when preparation for teach
ing even in the grades requires a
preparation and a proficiency equal to
that demanded by any other" profes
sion. These requirements have grad
ually been ' increased until to-day In
many quarters only those possessed of
a vigorous physical constitution,
strong and untiring purpose, and in
addition a considerable sum of money,
are able to .secure the preparation
called for. Is it justice to those who
have pursued this laborious course of
preparation that in the end they
should find themselves limited to a
salary so small as to seem pitiful in
view of the hardship undergone and
the expense which has . been in
curred?"
Teachers' Salaries.
PUT all fear behind you when you lick a postage
stamp nowadays. There is no danger of poison
whatever. You will be as safe as when at home
you are engaged in licking your spoon after a dish of
ice-cream. For word comes ' from Washington that
cassava starch, 1 more popularly known as tapioca, is the
chiefs element of the gum on the back of all postage
stamps. Think of it, tapioca— that toothsome pudding
maker found in the pantry of almost every household in
the land!
The announcement from Washington is likely to pro
duce a boom in tapioca and at the same time, Uncle
Sam, prosperous though he be, may revel in greater
prosperity by reason of the fact that the Postoffice De
partment will enjoy a wonderfully increased business.
The whole country has a sweet tooth and 'the postage
stamp with its tapioca back js about the most alluring
article that can be purchased for little money and car
ried around with the least inconvenience.
When the desire for something sweet overcomes us all
that will be necessary will be to reach into our purse,
wallet or vest-pocket, take out a stampj or two and lick
to bur heart's content. Of course some men will prefer
to lick" 1 two-cent stamps, but one could get just as much
satisfaction, or, to be more accurate, just as much tapi
oca from one-centers. Probably it will suit those plenti
fully endowed with this world's goods to do their licking
with five and ten cent stamps. However, everybody to
his taste.
Tapioca is a very nutritious farinaceous food, and it is
reasonable to suppose the busy man who. will not permit
himself to get away from his place, of business for his
midday luncheon will be making a, meal hereafter from
his tapioca-backed postage stamps: Th'ese will be kept
under lock and' key in his office, as it will be safe no
longer, in view of the tapioca announcement sent broad
cast from the national capital, to leave the precious
stamps loosely around. The office boys and typewriter
maids may be tempted to use them as dessert to lunches
hastily taken 'in nearby hasheries.
The Government is to be heartily thanked for the
gratifying information It has* given out and the relief ft
has caused, for there is no denying that we have always
had visions of poison every time we have licked a stamp.
Nobody can justly complain about our Government. It
is all: right.. And as far as the Postoffice Department is
concerned, it .will now become more popular with the
people, who will point to it and say: "See, we have found
another pudding."/-^ V^
POSTAGE STAMP TAPIOCA.
The Supreme Court has decided that no woman may
be sold liquor in a saloon in San Diego on the broad
and thoroughly intelligent ground that a saloon-keeper
may not legally dispense intoxicants to persons of bad
character in the town. It was hardly necessary, how
ever, to receive the support of the most dignified tribunal
in the State to declare that any woman who seeks a
drink in a saloon is by that very seeking a bad char
acter. /
Oh, the nursery is lonely, and the gar
den's full of rain.
And there's nobody at all who wants
to play.
But I think if I should run with all
my might and main
I could leave this dreary country of
To-day.
For it can't be far to cross it, since I
came myself last night—
When I went to sleep they brought me
all the way— v \ ~~ '
Arid To-morrow's very near, they say it's
almost in our sisfct.
So I soon could come again to Tester
day.
Over there my boat is sailing, all alone
. upon the pond —
I must hurry back before she blows
astray;
And arbutus flowers are trailing In the
pleasant fields beyond.
With the other little, lovely flowers of
May.
And the trees are white with blossoms,
and the air is bright with song.
And the children all are happy there
and gay.
Oh. I want to go to find them now, and
you may come along.
If you'll show me, please, the road to
Yesterday:
— Caroline McCormlck, in Harper's Mag
azine for July.
The Road to Yesterday.
"The national talent of acquisitive
ness, one of the most conspicuous pro
ducts of our educational system — when
directed toward the study of art — has
'awakened thousands of people to the
appreciation of the role which art
should play ln^ life." say3 Charles H.
Caffin in the" July World's Work.
"Countless homes reflect this in a
greater propriety of decoration and fur
nishing than formerly, and from the
home it has passed into the street.
Churches, hotels, theaters and of
ce buildings are being erected
on all sides with at least a
consideration for beauty of de
sign and flttmgs. Commerce employs
this element of beauty to enhance Its
own dignity and importance, and has
discovered in it an asset not to be ig
nored. Even a" regard for that larger
element of design, which Includes the
planning of total effects, has begun to
penetrate the public consciousness. At
the Chicago Exposition it was seen how
a concentration of effect and a union
of similarity with difference conduced
to the grandeur of the scene. And this
new development of civic pride has
reached right up to the top and effected
a complete change In the attitude of
the national Government toward the
erection of federal buildings. A thor
oughly trained supervising architect,
with a corps of first-class assistants,
and the substitution of public competi
tion for political influence have result
ed of late years In an extraordinary
improvement In the character of these
buildings. They are signal examples of
the way In which the wealth and power
of the country is expressing itself
through artistic means."
'Artistic IJomes.
Tribune.
One seldom hears of what is probably
the largest and oldest— and to Western
eyes the oddest— university in the
world. El-Azhar, "the splendid," at
Cairo, Egypt While the dates of the
founding of the, universities of Oxford,
Paris and Bologna, for which great
antiquity is claimed, are lost In the
mists of the Middle Ages, El-Azhar can
read its title clear from the year 975
A. D. Constantinople is the official head
of the Mohammedan religion, but the
summit of Mussulman learning may be
secured only at El-Azhar. Thither flock
from every land owning Mahomet as Its
religious guide -those of all ages who
would be proficient in the Koran and
other branches of Oriental learning.
More than 10,000 students, according to
Frederic Courtland Penfleld. formerly
United States diplomatic agent and
Consul General at Cairo, who has de
scribed the university in his book,
'Present Day Egypt." sit at the feet of
the instructors about the pillars.
The oddity of the university is mani
fested at the first glimpse of the build
ing which houses it. The restorations
have been too numerous to leave any
Indication of the original structure, but
there is no doubt of its relation to
Mohammedanism, for lofty minaret* of
Oriental type rise here and there. Lit
tle can be seen of the exterior, how
ever, for it is closely surrounded by
buildings. Within is a court, the sky
its only roof. On each side are alcoves
covered by roofs supported by pillars.
The porticos about the enormous open
ccurt are each divided into various
compartments for the separate use of
the students of the different nations.
The Algerian students^have one, - the
Moroccans another, . the Nubians a
third, the Turks another and the In
dians still another, and so on. The dif
ferent sections of Egypt each have a
separate compartment; those who come
from the testing place of the bones of
Mahomet — Mecca — are also provided
with a section; the blind pupils,
strangely more fanatical and turbulent
than the average Mussulman, also find
special accommodation for themselves.
Although only a drive of a few min
utes from the hotel district, compara
tively few foreigners take the 'trouble
to visit the strange educational insti
tution. Many are unaware of its in
terest. It is reached by the street of
shops, the Mouski, and the narrow'
lane known as the "Street of Book
sellers." Picking one's way between
the conglomeration of humanity, cam
els, donkeys and Arab workmen, sitting
crossed-legged on the floor of their
box-like little shops, binding the curi
ous looking volumes, one reaches the
entrance known as the "Barber's Gate."
Passing a number of students who are
having their heads shaved eo closely
that they look like a French wig-mak
er's shiny artificial poll, one gains the
interior of the building. Students and
masters who are entering are remov
ing their shoes at the threshold. Here
and there at the foot of the pillars are
seated the "professors" on rugs of
sheepskin, discoursing to groups of
students squatting in a half circle
about them. The pupils are listening
intently. Discussions of different
themes are going on. Not a student
turns to look at the visitor, so Inter
ested is he in the discussion. The cov
ered portions of the building are sup
ported by 300 marble pillars and each
of the instructors has his particular
pillar about which to gather his stu
dents. The lecture finished, the stu
dents respectfully kiss the hand of the
instructor and hasten away to the pil
lar of another instructor to become ab
sorbed in another subject. — New Yorjt
The Oldest University.
It chanced that Madame Blavatsky,
the High Priestess of the Theosoph
ists, paid a visit to the house one day.
On crossing the threshold her manner
became greatly perturbed and she told
her hostess that there was some strong,
malignant Influence In the houee and
requested permission to examine the
various rooms. When she discovered
the coffin lid ehe -declared it to be a
most dangerous possession and be
sought its owner to send it away forth
with. This the lady laughingly refused
to do, attributing Madame Blavatsky's
fears to foolish superstition.
Shortly after this, however, she sent
the case to a Baker street studio io be
photographed and. as already told,' the
photographer discovered that his cam
era had reproduced the features of an
apparently living woman.. Shortly af
terward he died suddenly and myste
riously. Soon after, this happened Mr.
D. turned up In London and," meeting
the lady who owned the coffin lid,
One evening an Arab, who said he
had been sent by Mustapha Aga,
called upon a member of the then happy
little party — Mr. D. he is. called to con
ceal his identity — and offered to sell
Slim a beautiful mummy case, which
be declared he had just found. It was
the priestess' mummy case, which has
now found a final resting place in the
British Museum. By what sacrileg
ious means the Arab obtained posses
sion of it, or what became of the
mummy, is not known. Mr. D. bought
It. But as all the members of the
party were keen Egyptologists it had
been decided that the ownership of
their respective finds should be deter
mined by lot and thus it came about
that the mummy case fell into the
bands of Mr. W.
It was on the return Journey that the
series of misfortunes so strangely as
sociated with It began. "While one of
Mr. D's servants was handling a gun
it exploded in some unaccountable man
ner, the charge lodging in the man's
arm which had to be amputated. A
eecond servant died In poverty within
the year and a third was shot. When
Cairo was reached Mr. W. discovered
that he had lost the larger portion of
his fortune. Entertaining no suspicion
that the mummy-case was in any way
connected with his financial troubles,
or tbe mishaps which had attended the
party since it was acquired, he gave
it to a married sister living near Lon
don- Soon afterward he died. » But
from the day that the effigy of the
dead priestess entered its new abode
tnisf 01 tune dogged the footsteps of the
family living there.
Robinson declares that he has care
fully investigated the evidence of the
afflictions which have befallen those
who had the misfortune to incur the
enmity of this Egyptian priestress who
died 3500 years ago, and says he has
obtained abundant proof of the truth
•f the statements made to him,
though, fori the sake of the friends,
and relatives of her victims he has
suppressed their names in his narra
tive.
It was in the middle of the f 60*s
that a party of five friends chartered
a. dahabia for a voyage up the Nile
and tarried at Luxor to explore the
ruins of Thebes and the famed temple
to Amen Ra, which, even in its decay
and desolation, is still probably the
most sublime monument of antiquity
existing. The members of the party
were entertained at dinner by Lady
Gordon Duff and the Consul at Mus
tapha Aga gave a strange native dance
In their honor.
"HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
f HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, June 13.— Few
tales of occult fiction have been more
extraordinary than the weird story of
B- mummy case at the British Museum
fcnd its supposed death-dealing powers,
»rhlch has just been told by B.
Fletcher Robinson in & London news
paper. The narrative's truth, how
ever. Is vouched for by the writer,
frrho, *>e»ldes being the intimate friend
fcf Sir A. Conan Doyle, Is & newspaper
fcaaji of much repute.
There Is a painted cover of the
taummy case, which now is reposing
fa a corner of the first Egyptian room
©f the museum, but which once cover
fed the embalmed remains of a priest
fess of the College of Amen Ra, and
Jtrho lived in the mighty city of Thebes
tome 1600 years before Christ. The
¦work Is still in a beautiful state of
{preservation and depicts a woman of
elngul&rly baleful expresssion, whose
dark eyes Etare into vacancy, as
though seeking there some clew to the
riddle of the universe, while her hands
ere peacefully crossed upon her breast.
A remarkable circumstance was the
result of a London photographer's at
tempt to obtain a picture of the
strange face 6hown on the coffin lid.
To the man's amazement, when a print
was taken from the negative It re
vealed not a dead face but apparently
a living one, with wide open eyes, and
the baleful expression of the painted
eSgy heightened to one of intense
malignancy.
It was Fletcher Robinson, readers
may remember, to whom Dr. Doyle
publicly acknowledged his indebtedness
for the plot of his "Hound of the Bas
kervilles." Until recently, too, the teller
of the following tale was editor of the
London Express, which he left t3 as
sume charge of the society weekly.
Vanity Fair.
Etaff Cerrwpondent of Th» Call.
'A MummVs Curse.
"Yes. this will do! But how my back
does ache! I mustn't delay a minute!
Is anybody looking? Here goes, then;
and may I never have to move again!"
In the twinkling of an eye the caudal
hooks let go their hold deep in the spiral
of the old shell and have safely anchor
ed the weak and flaccid body to the
inner convolutions of the new one.
It Is all over; an empty shell lies on
the sand and a larger one is near it
with a sleepy-looking hermit crab In
it. Poke him, and he leans languidly
out over his pearly balcony as If to
say, "If this deadly monotony Is not
broken soon I shall die!"
But, behind this "society mask." the
cramped muscles are stretching oat and
adjusting themselves in absolute con
tentment to the roomy spaces offered
them.
Finding no empty shell of suitable
size, the hermit may be driven to ask
a brother hermit to vacate in his favor.
The proposition is spurned indignantly,
and a fight ensues. The battle Is to
the stronger. Often the attacking party
has considerable trouble in cleaning out
the, shell, having to pdck his adversary
ou^ in bits. A periwinkle or a whelk
may be attacked in a like manner by a
hermit who is hard pressed and has
taken a fancy to that particular shell.
If the householder be feeble the con
quest is easy. If lusty, he holds the
fort.
At last the search Is over. The shell
is cleaned and ready.
him that the shell he considers "dis
tinctly possible," and hopefully ven
tures to explore, is already occupied by
a near but coldly unsympathetic rela
tive.
The details of this new departure on the part of the
agriculture authorities as announced in a recent bulletin
are these: Those whose circumstances prevent attend
ance upon the regular courses in agriculture at the uni
versity have only to communicate with the director of
the university extension in agriculture at Berkeley and
by him be enrolled in 3 reading course in one or more
of the subjects offered. To this scholar in absentia there
will be forwarded a set of bulletins dealing progressively
with the subject in hand and calculated to impart as
perfect a knowledge of the science as could be obtained
without the aid of laboratory practice. To supplement
this training a circulating library of reference books' is
open to him and constant communication with the in
structors at Berkeley upon knotty problems in the study
is always "his privilege. Should the student upon the
successful completion of his^course desire entrance to
the university Ije will be given advanced standing in the
science in question.
By this brief outline of the new scheme adopted by
the agriculture department of the State University it
may be seen that for every fruit raiser, grain grower*and
stock breeder in. the State there lie open added facilities
for the perfection of method' and achievement of prime
results in their endeavor. Already the scientists' from
Berkeley, who travel the length of California in pur
suance of the farmers' institute work, have come into
close alliance with those who put their theories into suc
cessful practice. Co-operative experiments conducted by
the farmers and the university professors in conjunction
serve to bring- theory and practice into closer inter
dependence. This last innovation opens to the agri
culturists of the State the opportunity to make the in
fluence: of the trained specialists at the university a fac
tor in the balance of a successful tilling of the soil
wherever the mails carry.
THE already very efficient department of agricul
ture at the University; of California has inaugu
rated-an innovation in the conduct of its university
extension courses, "which must be productive of ines
timable benefit to the agriculturists of the State who rely
so strongly upon the counsel that comes to them from
the experts at Berkeley. To the work now being done
by the State experiment station across the bay and by
the extension coursesconducted under the auspices of
the university there has been added a department for the
preparation and dissemination of reading courses upon
technical subjects of agricultural science.
A CHANCE FOR AGRICULTURISTS.
, A young forger was sentenced by the United States
District Court the other day to imprisonment until he
shall have paid a fine of five hundred dollars levied
upon his unworthy self by the trial Judge. This un
comfortably indefinite future in durance vile may, as it
surely should, have a deterring influence upon other gay
young spirits not to commit crime. By forcing criminals
•to begin a career of dishonesty on a cash basis we will
probably diminish the supply of the evil-minded.
She most graciously thanked hlm
"I am glad to meet a gentleman," said
she. The young bloods sniggered but
said not a word. The young ladies
blushed and also remained still. All
felt the sting hurled at them.
Next morning when the stage ar
rived to convey such as wished to
return to the city, the old lady was
waiting with her trunk on the porch.
She stepped out from among the rest
and inquired for Tom, the hired man.
He came, and removing his hat stood
before her. She handed him an en
velope and thanked him for his kind
ness and exhibition of good breeding
on the previous day/ When -Tom
stepped to one side and opened the
envelope he found two twenty and
one ten-dollar notes with this line on
note paper: "Though only a servant,
yet a gentleman."
While this was going on an elderly
lady with white hair and a sweet face
strolled down on the piazza in search
of a quiet place where she could read
a book. She looked about but there
was no seat. She evidently expected
that one of the many young gentle
men would be gallant enough to pass
her one of the seats they used for
footrests. But none offered. Just
then a hired man, carrying a coaloll
can, into which he was stuffing waste
paper and other refuse strewn about
the walks, passed by. - He set the
coaloil can down, walked Into the
dining-room and returned with a chair
which he politely set down for the
old lady.
It was at one of the summer resorts
not over 100 miles from this city that
an assemblage of San Francisco's
young people were recently enjoying
themselves. It was on a Sunday
afternoon shortly after the arrival of
the morning train which brought
with it quite a lot of young blood3
from the city. .They had wealth and
education, and had come to display
the former at least before theft- young
lady acquaintances. Just beneath a
bunch of honeysuckles and other
creeping vines ,on the piaza a party
of them, lolling In chairs, exchanged
Jokes and repartee of the latest coin
age. The few vacant chairs that re
mained were used by some of th*
young gentlemen who gracefully
stretched their limbs upon them,
showing thereby the latest designs in
footwear-
r A Gentleman.
Now, apparently, the misfortunes
•which have heretofore attended the
possession of the mummy-case have
ceased. The learned gentlemen who
preside over the room in which it rests
have not "been troubled by its presence.
It may be that finding herself among
queens and princesses and dignitaries
of equal rank, with a card setting
forth her various claims to distinction,
the Priestess of Amen Ra no longer
makes use of the malign powers which
she possesses. .
"It Is certain," writes Mr. Robinson,
"that -the Egyptians had powers which
we in the twentieth century may laugh
at, yet can never understand. There
is, for instance, a recorded case of an
explorer who carried off a coffin on
which was engraved the threat that if
the man therein burled was disturbed
by any thief of the graves, the body of
that thief would be scattered in his
death. The explorer laughed, for he
was not, he was pleased to say, of a
superstitious nature; yet soon after
ward he was torn to pieces by an ele
phant when shooting."
learned ojf the misfortunes that had be
fallen her family since It came Into
her possession. He urged her to get
rid of It at once and, convinced at last
that the thing was a terrible "hoodoo,"/
she agreed. A carrier was found to
transport It to the British Museum.
He died withi|i a week and the man
who assisted him in removing It to the
museum buildings met with a serious
accident.
THE better tone to trade noted a week or so ago
was even more pronounced last week and it really
appeared as if business were improving. If a com
mercial reaction should set in now it would be rather
surprising, for such reactions rarely occur in midsum
mer, though it may prove a mere fluctuation. But the
signs all along the line are better. First, the loss in
bank clearings, which has lately ranged from 15 to 25
per cent, has fallen to 4.9 per cent for the week just
passed, and the aggregate clearings were $1,800,000,000.
The failures, too, made a more favorable exhibit,* being
227, against 223 for the corresponding week in 1903.
Another cheering indication was an increase in railway
earnings, the record thus, far in June showing an actual
gain of 4.2 per cent over last year. For some months
past these railway earnings have steadily exhibited a de
crease compared with 1003. -¦^X--'
Thus, as far as the usual figures by which the con
dition of the commerce- of the country is estimated and
which may be called the pulse of trade, arc concerned,
tlie business situation is showing not only more tone, but
more activity than for some months. There is no ques
tion that the feeling in New York is decidedly bullish,
especially among the great banking interests and the
leading Wall street operators. The , stock market for
th*- past fortnight has been acting like a captive balloon,
which sways in a buoyant arc and tugs at its ropes in a
persistent attempt to soar away from the earth and seek
the skies. From all quarters in Wall street come: multi
plying reports of increasing confidence, a desire to in
vest in standard bonds arid a general disposition to take
a sanguine view of the trade outlook.
In this connection the Wall Street Journal says: "The
bond market has been practically cleared up of bonds in
first ham'.s, except for a portion of the last New York
City issue and a portion of the Lake Shore debenture
issue. The demand at present is showing indications of
passing into bonds of a slightly lower grade. _Bond
houses say that if they could get absolutely first-class
material theygcould do a large business. There is no
sign, however, of any fiesh material at this moment,
and it is not thought likely that there will be any new
bond issues for quite a while. The Head of one large
banking house says that not in years has there been so
good a demand for first-class bonds as there is now.
There has-tten a great restoration of confidence on the
part of investors in this class of security."
The general view of the business situation as far as
the city* of New York is concerned is this: That with
money in oversupply at anywhere from 1 to 3 per cent
and pressing on the market for an advantageous outlet,
with plenty of standard stocks paying from 3 to 5 per
cent going begging .for purchasers and crop conditions
which are practically perfect, it will be impossible to
keep the stock market down for any extended period.
These conditions will surely force the apathy to give
way. Money is not going to lie idle forever when it can
be borrowed at say 2VJ'per cent and put into invest
ments paying 4% to 5 per cent. Such a situation would
be absurd on 'its face. And when that money breaks
loose from the timid custodians who are holding it back
and emerges into the arena as an active and buoyant
force there will be a market and a good one.
It is noteworthy how many astute financiers, veterans
in Wall street, take this view, and it will be interesting
to watch the course of, the market for a few weeks and
see how far this sanguine forecast will be verified. It
may be that the wish is father to the thought, but, be
this as it may, the feeling in the country's metropolis is
undeniably much better than for months, and further
more is getting better right along.
There are other favorable signs wfiich have cropped
out within the past month. Provisions are much more
active at the important Western centers and prices have
lately been decidedly firm. Many cities, large and small,
are reporting a better jobbing demand for general mer
chandise and a larger distribution of staple goods. This
improved demand, coming in midsummer, is very en
couraging, though, of course, nobody knows how long it
will last.
Just what causes this general better feeling all along
the line of trade is not known.: It may be, as said be
fore, a mere fluctuation, to be followed later on by an
other recession and period of dullness; a transient
activity due to the replenishing of depleted stocks or to
the simplicity and clearness of the political outlook,
which is something unusual and decidedly refreshing in
a Presidential year. It may be the brilliant crop pros
pects, which almost insure at least fair times for the
American farm«r for another year; it may be the belief,
which is becoming crystallized, that there will be no
serious disturbance by the coming election of the cur
rent settled conditions of finance and trade for an in
definite* period ahead; or it may be that more or less idle
money is already forcing itself into active circulation.
Any or all of these conditions may be at the root of the
current improvement.
Still there are drawbacks. The lumber trade is de
pressed all over the country as a rule. The iron and
steel trade, too, is dull and unsatisfactory, though a dis
patch from Wall street on Saturday said that an im
provement was slowly extending in the industry and
that a better feeling would also. soon appear, in the dry
goods markets. Hides and are losing the
activity which has heretofore characterized them and'
the tanners are taking no more hides than they can help.
The wheat exports are much less than those of last year,
those for last week being only 1,271,000 bushels, against
3,158,000 for the corresponding week in 1903, while from
July. 1, 1903, to date they amount to only 132,727,000
bushels, against 220,200,000 last season and 244,143,000 in
TjKJa. Partially offsetting this loss, however, is the state
ment that the United States is falling back as a great
wheat exporter, as it needs more of its wheat than for
merly to feed, its rapidly increasing population.
On this coast trade is quieter than it has been and in
this city complaints of inactivity have been more numer
ous of late. We may be getting the edge of the wave of
dullness which has been slowly rolling westward across
the continent, or the present quietude may be merely
the usual midsummer lull, for thousands of people are
out of town on their summer vacations; but the tendency
is to report business decidedly quieter* without, however,
any disturbing elements or any disposition to croak. We
are naturally affected by conditions in the other, parts
of the country, though our." position as a source of sup
ply for the great markets of the Orient, which have been
drawing on us for various lines of produce and mer
chandise for a number of years/operates to keep us from
experiencing the more accentuated^Jorms of business
depression. As long as we havethe South Pacific,
northern coast and Oriental markets calling on us for
goods we can never experience the real acute conditions
which occur in the East at regular intervals. Dull we
may be for a time, but stagnant probably never.
BUSINESS CONDITIONS BRIGHTER.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, : Proprietor ,. ... . , ? . . ... Address AlTCommmiications to JOHN McNACGHT, Manager
Publication Office................ -.... . . ..................... .Third and MarketStreeta^RF,
MONDAY : i.... .........JUNE 27, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 27 f 1904.
6
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES. i -^ -
OFFICERS OF THE PAIX> AI^O BOARD OF TRADE, WHOSE MISSION IS TO KEEP THEIR TOWN WELL TO THE FRONT.
Rob IJalii Rooms.
Ed Long and Louis Schultz, two
young men who gave their occupation
as boiler-makers, were arrested yes
terday afternoon by Patrolmen Greg
gans and - O'Neill and charged with
burglary at the Park Police station.
-They are accused of having entered
bath rooms of the Sutro baths and
having stolen $7 from George. Cal
vcrta. S4 from Albert Newham and a
watch from A. M. Tully.
Engineer Miller of the Vallejo and Napa.
tlectric railroad has Just u turned from a trip
rrer the line. He states that the gradJcg is
practically completed from Napa this way as
far «s the crossing cr the Napa branch. All
that remains to be done U to complete the light
work along- the county road for a distance of
•bout thrc* mile* The contractors expect to
have everything finished by July 1. .'.-.•
All the bridges on the Nap* end cf the Its*
The Vallejo Times reports concern
ing the construction of the new elec
tric railway between Vallejo and Napa
is follows:
New Electric Road Between Vallejo
andNapa 3Iakes Good Progress.
LINE XEAR COMPLETION.
One of the most interesting features
of the twenty-third annual, outing of
the Scottish Thistle Club "at Shell
Mound Park on July 4 will l)e the
tug of war between a team represent
ing Clan Fraser, Scottish .Chiefs, • and
a team' from the Thistle Club. The
former Challenged the ¦ Thistles to a.
combat, and as both 'teams are evenly
matched a great contest is sure to re
sult. ¦':;*; ""'•,'¦ * •"-¦... * -. .¦ . f
*,A11 arrangements for the picnic are
complete. ¦ A. splendid programme * of
eames and athletic , events, has been
prepared. Loyal Scotchmen from all
over the State will gather at the park
to take part in the festivities. Royal
Chief George W. Paterson- ha« ap
pointed Hugh Fraser, Dr. D. McMillan
and George W. Miller as his aids.
Thistle Club Accepts Challenge From
Scottish Chief s and Great Sport
Is Expected.
STALWART SCOTCHMEN WELL
VIE FOR TUG-OF- WAR . HONORS
The San Francisco. Oakland and
Alameda letter-carriers will hold their
annual outing this year at Shell
Mound Park Sunday, July 3. Thi#
date, coming Just before the national
holiday, the various committees are
making unusual preparations to ac
commodate the largest number of
people that has yet attended their
popular gatherings. Gate and ath
letic game prizes will be xiven and
other entertaining features will* be on
the programme.- The commltee of ar
rangements is as follows:
President H. M. Locke. . Secretary
J. C. Murphy, Treasurer Harry Logan,
J. A. O'Connell. J. H. Smith, T. L.
McKeever, James Haedrich, P. J.
Buckley, T. M. McCarty. P. J- Whelan.
William J. McGraw, J. G. Richards.
P. W. Noonan.* Oakland — D. J. Hal
lahan, E. W. Campbell. Alameda —
F. H. Splnk, E. J. Healy.
Letter-Carriers* Annual Outing.
OLD TIVOLI STRONG BOX
IS OBJECT OF CURIOSITY
Safe of Dismantled Theater Proves
Attraction for Horde of Mid
night Marauders.
Alone and forlorn. In the^ midst of
shattered timbers and broken ground,
stands the old Tivoli Theater safe. As
a last relic of the popular old play
house, the strong box that at diver3
timeg held the receipts of noted per
formances rests on a pedestal of sand
and castoft boards to be reclaimed
only by the Junk man.
The presence of the iron treasury
in the vacant l<rt on Eddy street has
given rise to singular rumors. Noc
turnal visitors are frequent and their
operations give rise to the suspicion
that Manager Leahy is starting a
school for safe crackers and that the
aged treasure box Is the dummy on
which embryo criminals may become
experts. At any rate the story is told
In police circles that attempts to rifle
the safe are made nightly but that
the vigilant patrolmen only smile
when slinking figures pass their way.
Shipments of California Oranees for
. Three Months Are 13.837 Carloads..
The Fruit World reports that during
three months California marketed 13,
£37 carloads of oranges and the prices
were up to the average of several years.
This emphasizes the large outlet there
is for oranges where the elements are
at all favorable. The Fruit "World sup
plies the following comparative tables
relative to the orange shipments dur
ing three years, including 1904:
No. Cars.
Ifsreh, 190i >» z>SK
March. l»tt» 3^02
March, 1S«C4 4108
Apr!), lft02 40.->4
April. U»03 ; 2SS3
April. 1»C4 472«
May. 13-02 32Tf2
May. >9Vi 4233
May, IV* 4313
The California Citrus Union has in
formed the orange growers what its
pulley will be. The communication is.
in part, as follows:
It m-ill I* the policy of the California Citrus
Vr.;< tv u> a<l\ orate and secure as many cash
bujen to buy th*ir fruit in California as pos- 1
rlble. In order to *io this we chall use every
¦ " '¦ to Advertise to the Eastern dealer that
they can buy tae fruit at a fair price by
rsjing/cazh in California. It will als'> be our
policy /to sell free on board, California usual
•.?raf. which means, with privilege of Inspec
tion by :: » buyer ax the other end. This was
the method operated by the successful shippers
turisj th< rnoM prosperous periods, and proved
to bt' the mozt successful method. It was,
in tart, the method which gave and always
will give, suppen to all markets regardless of
the pita cf fCiling.
The California Citrus Union will establish
In every nastern market a p*-rTonal repre
?•rtativ* cf txperience to look after the Inter
acts of wr growers. These agents will be con
rtuntly soliciting th-e buyers to purchase the
fruit free on board. California, fcr cash, or
free en board, California, utual terms. They
will be able to make Inspection and report
urwn the arrival of all cars, thereby dclng
amay with the probability of the buyer making
unjuct rejections.
LARGE FRUIT RECORD.
California Citrus Union Announces Its
Plans for Sca«on.
DEFDTCS ITS POSITION.
The Great Military Display During j
Conclave Week in September Will
Be in the Park.
The competitive drills by the drill J
corps of the Knights Templar during'
conclave week in September will be j
held on the ball grounds in Golden I
Gate Park so as to enable the greatest |
possible number of people to witnes3 ¦
the evolutions by some of the very!
finest organizations of the fraternity, i
Fred J. H. RIckon and A. J. de
Lamare, of the drill committee, have
completed all arrangements for the
event, which attracts the attention of
the order throughout the United
States. Three commissioned officers
of the United States Army will offici
ate as judges, and the crack corps of
the order will compete. The execu
tive, committee has made so liberal an
appropriation for prizes that each
competing drill corps will receive one
prize, and the .value-of the least costly
prize will not be less than $1000. Of the
six drill corps that have entered for the
competition, thus far, each has won
trophies and laurels at former com
petitions. The prizes are all of Cali
fornia make, with but one exception,
and they -re of California material,
gold, silver, bronze and quartz. '. In
addition each commandery that sends
a drill crops will .receive a stand of
colors consisting of a silk beauseant
and the national colors.
One of the prizes consists of a com
plete punch set made of solid silver;
one consists of a solid silver tray and
twenty-seven goblets; then there is a
silver clock mounted on an onyx
pedestal; there Is one solid sliver vase
three feet high, and one fortress of
gold quartz and silver, supporting a
silver globe. In which California is
embossed in gold, surmounted by a
knight clad In silver armor, as choice
and artistic a piece of workmanship
as has ever been designed or manu
factured.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR CORPS |
to drill *xm prizes!
Use of Advertising Matter Proves Po
tent to Awaken Interest in the East.
At the annual meeting of the Chico
Chamber of Commerce an account was
given by Secretary' E. T. Reynolds con
cerning the "work of the body to pro
mote the interests of Chico. Thousands
of pamphlets and other advertising Is
sues were sent out during the year. The
result has been a flood of inquiries
about Chico. As many as a dozen let
ters a day were received from the East.
The Chamber elected the following offi
cers for the year: President, Mayor
Nichols; vice president. Ed Harkness;
treasurer, A. H. Crew; other directors,
J. B. Stewart, J. W. Baker, W. J.
0"Connor, J. H. Jones, Jo D. Sproul,
Harvey C. Stiles, A. G. Eames, E. E.
Canfield, Thomas Crew, C C. Royce. F.
J. Nottelmann.
CIIICO IS PROMOTING.
According to the Redding Free Press
the first fruit cannery to be establish
ed in Shasta County is meeting: with
I marked success. The Free Press says:
The Happy Valley Fruit Growers' Assocla
| tion cannery at Ohnda will be idle for a day
or to until a now dock cf cans can be received.
! The cannery has put up and disposed of 4000
1 cons of strawberries, blackberries and straw
berry Ji*Ri this season and will send out more
than treble that number. The cannery has
been a greater success than even the members
of the association anticipated, and these few
I people who predicted that a cannery could not
1 be maintained in Shasta County are more than
' surprised.
About 1400 cans cf strawberry jam has been
J put up and people who have rampled it pro
1 ncunce it better than any that can be i ro
j cured elsewhere. The cannery will at once be-
I gin operations on a big special order for the
I Wcatovcr L.umber Company. That onier will
{ reach well up into the thousands of cans. The
association will not confine ltxelf to berries.
I Jukt aa soon as the berry season is over
peaches, pears and all kinds of fruit will be
put up. Next season the cannery will be en
larged.
Shasta County Opens First Cannery
and Result Better Than Anticipated.
3IAIvES MARKED SUCCESS.
THE FRUITFUL- .VALLEYEj.
Llvermore, with a population of 2000, lies
forty miles southeast of Oakland. It is situ
ated in the center of the Llvermore Valley,
which is twenty-eight miles long and fourteen
miles wide, and slopes gently amid th« low
and fertile foothills. The coal mines of, this
district now produce coal that eaves Alameda
County an annual expenditure of $10,000,000.
which wu formerly paid for a foreign article.
Alto here are produced annually hundreds , of
thousands of barrels of Portland cement.
This valley eecms to be the natural home of
Concerning the other communities
in Alameda County it is said in the
official pamphlet:
Elm hum. une of the prettiest of Oakland's
suburbs, lies about five miles from th« city's
limits, and among Its attractions boasts a
$"5,<j».O schoolhouse.
Ban Leandro. with a population of about
4C0O, lies e'ght miles south of Oakland, In the
test fruit district*. Thirty thousand tons of
fruit and vegetables are shipped from the
vicinity of this town annually. Its lemons
ex-si in quality those of any othsr part of the
SUte. ..
San Lorenzo lies a few miles from San
Le-andro. and Is surrounded by hundreds of
small fruit farms.
Harward* Is twelve miles south of- Oakland,
and Is connected with it by electric and by
steam railways. It has a population of 3500
and is growing rapidly. • It is situated In tb/s
center of the orchard district and has within
its limits the largest cannery in California.
The town of Nlles, a few miles further south,
contains the famous California nursery which
supplies fruit trees for all part* of the Pacific
Coast.
Newtrk, a ftw miles from Nlles, contains the
car shot» of the Carter Bros. ¦ - .
At Alvarado is situated the factory . of - the
Alameda Sugar Company.
At Irvinxton two colleges ace situated.
Mission Ban Jose, -which was settled -by tha
hcly fathers more than 100 years ago, ig in the
center of the richest section of the county.
Here olives, oranges, lemons, French prunes
and wine grapes grow to perfection.
At Warm Springs, In the southwest corner of
the rminty. two znlli-s south of Mission San
Jose, are si} springs flowing about. 60,000 gal
lons a day. aafryifflftf yp| tWliigf
OTHER COMMUNITIES.
There is a great deal more in de
tail about Oakland, relating to- its
railway facilities, its shipbuilding in
terests and the country surrounding.
Of Berkeley it is said particularly:
Berkeley, the site of the University of Cali
fornia, has a population of 20,lRW. and, not
withstanding Its close proximity to Oakland,
possesses a municipal individuality of its own.
The distance from tha center of Berkeley to
the center of Oakland Is about five miles. Near
it He the towns oT Lortn. Alden. Emeryville,
Oolden Gate, Claremont and Pcralta. From
the central part of Berkeley, at an elevation of
several hundred feet, the Pacific Ocean may be
seen through the famous Golden Gate.
Alameda also receives individual at
tention as follows: -
The city of Alameda is located across an
estuary from Oakland on a peninsula five
miles long and one mile wide. It la considered
one of the moat beautiful and most perfectly
arranged cities of its class In the United
Statw. It has more than seventy miles of
macadamized streets and ninety miles of stone
sidewalks. Because o{ the singular beauty of
Its location, Its excellent climate and profusion
of flowers, Alameda is' a favored residence dis
trict. Y
If the terminus of a transcontinental railway
be ulaced at an international harbor there is
the foundation of a great city. Add the Xact
that nearly JlOO.iJOO.uOO worth of commerce Is
carried on annually In the vicinity; ttmt ships
are coming trom, and goirg to all parts of tha
world, and there are the element* ul a city
whose size shall be commensurate with its en
terpris*. Add the further fact that this unio;i
is on the continental side of a bay that is the
natural water front center of a State three
times as large as the State of New York, and
there is before you the city of Oakland, county
teat of Alameda County, California.
Oakland is one of the most favored cities of
the continent, occupying a magnificent Kite on
a bluff of the coast range overlooking the bay
of San Francisco and the Golden Gate.
Oakland Is one of the healthiest cities of the
world. It has a mean temperature of 56 de
tr-T» and an average rainfall of -7 Inches and
a death rate of less thin 12 in 10QO.
Oakland is growing, faster than any other
city in California, its population havlng s ln
creased 23 per cent In two years and its post
office receipts 30 per rent In the same period.
BERKELEY AND ALAMEDA.
Some space is devoted to the enum
eration of useful facts about the cli
mate of Alameda County and its agri
cultural resources and due attention
is paid to the educational facilities
afforded by the University of Cali
fornia and by the school system in
the leading communities of the county.
The following Interesting statements
are made relating to Oakland:
OAKLAND'S ADVANTAGES. <
By order of Theodore Gler, W. H.
Weilbye and Wilber Walker, commis
sioners for Alameda County to the St.
Louis Exposition, and by authority of
the Board of Supervisors of Alameda
County, a pamphlet has been pub
lished in behalf of Alameda County
for use at St. Louis. The publication
will be handed to thousands of in
quiring ' persons who wish to know
about the portion of California that
surrounds the Bay of San Francisco.
It Is believed by the Alameda County
people and by all others who are ac
quainted with the advantages and
beauties of the country on the east
shore of the bay that much good will
result in a material way from the dis
semination of needed information.
\ Some extracts from the pamphlet are
republlshed here to show the methods
of publicity that are adopted:
Alameda County comprises 640 square miles,
or more than 537.0»>0 acres, and has a popula
tion of 180,OUO. It contains between thirty and
forty towns and villages, a half-score being
incorporated cities. The city of Oakland,
which occupies a moj-i :avorab!e position oni
the bay of San Francisco, Is the county seat
~and has a pcpulatlcn of 100,000.) other cities
of the ooBBty of conkiderable size are Alameda
and Berkeley. . . i. t -. . -;,..•«- ..... - .-
The Palo Alto Board of Trade,
mission it is to promote the
welfare of Palo Alto in all ways, em
braces in its membership a large rep
resentation of every line of local ac
tivity. Professor Fernando Sanford of
Stanford University is the president;
Oeorge It. Parkinson is the vice presi
dent. C. S. Downing is the secretary
and A. S. Ferjruson the treasurer.
Some account of the work that has
been performed by the Palo Alto
Board of Trade has been published.
The portraits of leading members of
the organization appear on this page
this morning. The list of members
includes the following:
Marshal Black, Ashely & Turner,
Dr. Howard Black, K. B. Bell, Dr. C.
O. Baldwin, Dr. H. L. Buerpe, L. J.
Bloom, L. H. Brown, C. E. Childs, S.
W. Charles, F. L. Crandall. G. J. Carey,
David A. Curry. \V. \V. Camron. Wil
liam Couch, John DudSeld, William
Dean. J. Le Roy Dixon, Dr. C- W.
Decker, T. B. D. Downing, C. S. Dud
ley, Earle & Co., J. E. Edwards, T. X.
Fuller. A. S. Ferguson, E. P. Gamble,
\V. F. Hyde,, E. A. Hettinger, B. F.
Hall. N\ M. Hudson, W. H. H. Hart.
Robert Hazlert, V. A. Kasson, Ed
tv-ards ¦& Hughes, Krumbeek & Blauer,
R. F. Leake, J. S. Larkin, J. B. Lar
kin. G. Laumc-ister, B. P. Lauston. J.
J. Morris, F. Mitchelltree. N. E. Mal
com, Dr. A. B. Mayhew, G. W. Mosher,
R. R. McKitben, J. D. Martin, H. W.
Orr, J. F. Parkinson. James A. Prewitt.
J. W. Roller. H. A. Ramsey, Walter
Kodg-ers, H. W. Simkins, Professor
Fernando Sanford. E. E. Smith, I.
Stewart. J. A- Squire. Mrs. M. E. Sel
zer, Strouer & Backin, F. W. Sherman.
E. A. Shepard. E. A. Scper, Professor
A. B. Snow, C. J. Smith, W. C. Thoits,
F. C. Thiele. Tuppman Bros., Tomlin
5on & Gardner, N. L. Upham, A. M.
I'mphreys, United Cas and Electric
Company, Vandervoort Bros., E. Wil
son, F. L. Worrell. E. C. Walker, J.
W. Wells, E. Weingartner. Dr. H. G.
Wyckort and W. S. Zellar.
Within the memory of a number of
these members of the Palo Alto Board
cf Trade Palo Alto has attained prac
tically all of its present' growth and
importance. As a consequence they
have, as have the older dwellers in
Berkeley, the other college town of
Northern California, a keen pride in
what has been accomplished and a
lively appreciation of the outlook for
further advancement.
the grape, and here are located some of th«
largest, best equipped and most famous vine
yards and . wineries of the world. The output
of win:* last year from this section waa 1.047, V
156 gallons. This wine is all of an extra fine"
quality.
Cradled in sunshine and verdure, at an ele
vation of 4f* feet, and surrounded by rolling
hills, lies the prosperous and progressive Plcas
anton Valley. It Is an excellent health resort.
Its equable, semi-tropical climate is especially
beneficial to those suffering from asthmatic or
more catarrhal troubles. Pieasanton is located
in &n artesian water belt and has one of the
I finest wattr systems in the country. In addi
tion to artesian water, mineral and soda
springs art found, in some places within a few
: rods.
Sunol. about six miles south of Pleasantcn,
Is a camping ground for surrounding cities and
towns. CottngeH dot its . picturesque glen. A
feature of California that Is widely and favor
: ably known Is the Pleaianton training track.
The track grounds cover over 100 acres and are
furbished with every commodity and appliance
that successful horse training requires, and con
; vei:iencus. natural and artificial, possessed by
; no other track.
SOME VAST HOP YARDS.
The Pieasanton hopyards are the largest hop
yards under one wlmk.ln the world. Over 16,-
COO.oCO pounds of cable and trellis wire are
ue«d for the network that spans the 20-foot
poles to puatain the weight of the full grown
vines. Twenty thousand pounds of cotton
twine annually are required for the training of
the vlties. The water supply of the valley is
grester than the tewn has been able to utilize.
. Cultivation of the land, together with ita at
tendant -vocations,- creates sufficient employ
ment for tli« present pupulatlon. Considerable
capital could be utilized profitably in the con
version of mineral springs Into drinking foun
tains and batha and artesian water into swim
ming pools. . |
The wine Industry of the county. •
its sugrar beet production, its mineral
deposits and Its shipping advantages
are set forth in detail by the commis- I
sioners. One leading statement found
near the end of the pamphlet is as .
follows:
Backed by a State of infinite resources, whose
water and whose rail arteries converge at Oak
land, and fronted by an ocean traffic that is as
certain to concentrate in Its vicinity as the
traffic cf the Atlantic is to concentrate In the
vicinity of New York. Oakland has a geograph
ical position that cannot fail to impart im
mense wealth, activity and power. !
are completed. The pile driver will be broug-ht
down to-day to work on the Hirst property on
the mar»h. near the slaurhter-house.
Mr. Miller cays that preparations are being:
made for laying the track at an early date; all
the steel has been purchased and much of It is
now en route In the company's own cars. The
de!!\-ery Is guaranteed by July 10, and It will
prcbably arrive earlier.
The roadbed. Mr. Miller says, is now In a
condition to lay at leapt ten miles of track.
AH the heavy work has been done.
Palo Alto's Trade Board Includes
Its Prominent Citizens.
Alameda's Commissioners Provide
Good Showing for County.
(Class M F.")
City of Mexico, June 23, 1904.
No. Prise. No. Prire.l No. Prize.
63..... 100 87..... 200 120 100
181 20 278 200 379 20
401 20 689 20 719 20:
7C6 40 885 20 1109 20.
1141 .20 1139 100 1219 £0
123S 40 1253 20 132»...., 40
1532. 1000 1557 20 1575 100 !
ltXVJ 20 1631 40 1907 20'
24M 100 2477..... 40 2501 20
2503 20 2703 100 2740 20
2034 20 3041 20 3133 20
3223..,.. 20 3254 20 3296 10O
3299 20 3356 20 3385 20
3387. 20 3456..... 100 3606 40
3636 • 20 3704 40 3S51 20
3922 : 20 3928 40 3955 100 '
4421 20 4478 20 4481 20
4593 20 45M 20 4652..... 20 :
4672...:. 100 4781 40 4SS9 100'
4917 20 4929 40 5055 1WI
5C86 20 5106 200 5124 100,
5163 20 52CS CO 5334 100;
6371 40 6533 40 5597 40,
5939 100 5»S9 20 «0«2 40;
6138 1000 6243 20i 6275 20
6362 20 6373 20 6494.:... 40 t
6518 20 6569 40 6807 100 i
6861 40 6956 20 7018 40
7154. 40 7177 40 723S..... 20
7334 20 7416..... 20 7446 20
7530..:;.; 40l 7766 40]
7975 20 79S8 40 8063. 100
83O3 20 8408 20 8474.,... 20
8SC5 . 40 8622 20 8807 ICO
8S21 20 8S24 . 20 8867 100
8903 20 0008 40 9038 20
9056 20 9331 500 9401 20
9579 20 03S* 200 9616..... 40
9646 40 9687 20.9717. 20
8819 20 9888 40 9944 . 20
10067 4010188 200 10394..... 100
10460 ; 20 10508 20 1 0080 100
10»S2..:.. 10O| 11007..... 100j 11036 40
11078 20111186 10000 11266 20
11343: 20111379 20 11511..... 20
11535..... 1OO|11853 2O!ll870 20 i
11S14 20il2279 20|i:377 100
12468..... 10012513 20112532 100
1258fl 40,13743 40 12875 40
1289* 40 12001 20 12938 100
12967..... 20 12984 200113102 40
1S244 40 13291 20 f 13345 20
lS3f)2 10<JO 13703.'.... 10OJ137IW 40 I
13857.:... 40 13923 20|1393!> 40
13944 20 13978 40|14O12. 20
14119...-^ 20 14347..... 2COI14427 20
14M3 20 14524 40 14592 20
14703 20 14870 20 14844 . 100
14890 20 15012 40 15023 40
16137..,.. 20115196 20 15228 40
1B241 20115414 20 15448 40
15430 20 15515 20 15534 20
'in*!3 20015736 20 15805 40
159S9 20 159C5 40 15978 100
1S097 40 16160 40 162W 20
l«2«0 .40 16316 .' 20 163S9 2O
16470 20 16812 600 1B941 20
16051...... 20 16974 20 17100 20
17144 6000017394 40 17408 40
17497 20 17719 2017749 20
177S9 20 17876 40 17997 20
17CR8 20 18073 40 18102 10O
18156 20118246 20 18490 20
1S4!W -. 40 J1S554 20 18564 20
18633 40USA33 20 18813 100,
1K>77 20119003 40 19121 40
19139 20:19244 40 19552 20
19585 40(19749 20119946.. ... 1C0
2C086 20!20232 100i2C249..... 40
20340 2020377 2020491..... 20
2»T.77..... 20120679 2020671..... 20
2071J ...... 20120974 100 20093...'.. 4<>
213*6 . 20I21429 2o!2l514...".. 40
21541 20J21846 10OJ22O4S...'.. 20
220Sfi 40J22216 40 i 2i242 100
223«9 40122112 20|2245l 20
225.11 20|22«41 20.22729 100
2S749 40! '
22964..... 20J23C56 2023123 40
2XK5 40t23.'fi>l 20123571 20
23742 40(23770 20I23S40 20
23S53 20123921 20 24387 - 40
24450 20I245O7 20 24612 20
24626 2034903 20!23064 100
2M2fl 40125417 < 2025617 20
25*51 2O25«80 40 23026 20
2C0S8 20126111 20 ! 2iilS2 20
2(1X11 100'2K567 20I264C4 20,
26597 20 266C2..... 20 2670S 40
26774 402(5981 20 27C25 40
27091 20 27150 20 271*6 ICO
27209 2027444 20 27778 20:
27820 20,27829...,. 40 27974 20 i
28108 40;2S2O(5. ...\ 40:2S3S0 20
28455..... 402Sd09 100|2S804 40
88810 40 2S549 20'2?912 100
29TVJ0 ::029099..... 20I23130 20
2919* .... 20(29206 40:29.133 ICO I
20332 40120537 20:29566 SO I
29759 40!2904« 40:.10CM 10O!
30070..... 20 30319 ¦ 20I3C375 40 1
30399..... ICO 30419 40J3CKU1 2D
S0«75 SOJ.IOtiOl 20130729 20
30795..... 100(30867 20|3C937 .40
310T.6 4C 31092..... 20 31273 20
31.1fil ICO. 11502 100|31561 200
3174S 2()!317Ca 40131857 20.
32.1M..... 20'32377 10O-32S20 40:
3291S 60Oi329f5 20'32972 20 j
33090 20J33109 20)3.1.121 40:
33345 ... 20 336S1 40 .ias27 20
33S55 4O:?3S78:.>.. 2O333S6 20
S3t>41 20 34COO 20!3tO€0 5C0 ,
340S9 20,34271 40| !
34327 2C34BS9 600i34699 40 i
34S06 ... ' £0 340<>«. . . . . 1C0 35092 20 |
S5151 20(33137 20 33181 20 |
352UO 40i33. # !ti2 20 .1X52S ICO
SX^l 2035.195 20|a5CC5 20
3.">(»!1 . . . . . 20 ;15757 20-33831 20
•r.»es 40I3R0OO..... 20 36123 40 •
3»il59 2OJ36433 40J36323 40
36333 4OS.WR72 20 36739 20
3«T5(i lOOiSeSO!* 20 36900 20
3CH10 2O)3i»« lC0 37«MtT 10.0
37179.... 4O'.172« 20 37292 2.)
37.121 .... 40 375JCI 40 37616 20
S703S 1C0.VT677 20137730 ICO
37D01 20.18CO3 20138101 20
3X119 4O[8842« 40J3S529 500
SS3<»a .. 20.1SW1 201S«b-55 40
UstMO 2013S840 20139C52 29
3PC.SS 20150112 40S9165 40
3!).r)8 20 30513 20 39542 20
390*0 40139768 20 3U801 20
40009 20 W1.19 2<»|402.19 20
<«(« 20 40277 4OJ4C371 ICO
40105 4O4O5SI 2«!4O»»7. . . .. 40
407SO 20 4C802 40141022 lOt)
410fiO 40W125 200141127 40
41^47 .. 20141359 40;41526 100
41585!.... -100 41630 100141921 20
4=077..... 40 12173 2Ci«203 ICO
422.18 40! 42395 S0i42G05 20 :
42731 40142779..... 20 42901 40
42987 20 4.11*2 20 4.1170 2O
41173..... 20 43177 20 43197 20 i
4.122B..... 40 _^
4.1249 20 43253 20 43296 20
41433 40'436.14 20 43«» 40
43690 20'44000 100 44053 ICO
44060 20I44063 40 44145 20
44213.... 20.000 44417 20 444S3 20
444S5..... 40J44505 20 44594 20
44710 100 44747 20 45453 20 I
iSMG 600145809 40 45S18 40
45836 ... 40 45846 40145868 40
46053... 1O0J46140 2Oj4fil«3..... 40
<£m 20 ; 46363 40 46469 40
46534 4046648 20 46865 500
46993 ..... 10046997 20 47149 40
472X1... '200 47305 20 47.149..... 20
47426....: 2047468 20147514...... 40
477$ I 40 47778 200I47S28. . . . . 20
47S4S 2047899 2OJ4SO71 40
48143 I I 4048207 40 48226 20
4S227 .. 600 48534 40 48642 40
48707 40 487C8 100 48723 20
4S787 '".'.'. 40U8S86 40U9015 1000
4^114 20)49147 20140233 40
•MMHfli 4049253..... 20W49464 40
Eg loK::::: SBtfg |«
B073S I 20 50741 20 51032 20
MlOl"' 40 51115 20 51132 20
SHSl 40 51610 40 51053..... 20
B1741 ¦'*. 2051800 2051855 40
021031 it 100152297 5X170 20
R2431 40 82530..... 40152576..... 20
6-843"". 40 52731 20152780..... 40
K2s£t 20153049 40 33199 40
B3407 ... 40 53COO..... 40 33722 40.
££S ' S 53826..... ¦ 20 53833 40 ",
54033""" W'54041 . 20J540S5 20.
Sun::::: loisiios:.:.. 20*54539..... > 6oo ;
046*4 "... 40154768 34865 1 20
rJofiO 4065342... ... 4033367.....' 20
EE:::: *>Si Jo^s 20
53735 .. 4056243 2056417 40
B^7 40i56587 20 50S02..... 20
|S04 205^06 40156960 100;
57231 100 57239 40 572C3 20!
K::::: ;»SSa' S
i loiS::::: =l1:::::.iSi
El 5P»§ W:»: g
50371*:'. . 2059449 2059501 20
59801* 2059S52 40J39880 40
KW96 - .. 20 59940 40 59968 20!
59iS2 I " 40 6W71. ..;.'" 20 60C83 40 |
€0145*!.;- 40W1S9 40 60296...:. ICO
eO4Rl • 2060372 40 60618. ...; 20
60679"!!! 4060890..... 2060S19..... 20 1
60832.. I.. 4061*01 40 61334 40
61815 .... 2061937...... 100 62247 40
62304 ... 200 62302..... 20B2611..... 40!
62730 40 62774 20162787..... 20
62933 !! 20162954..... 20 63033 4(»
«3009. ... 40j«S229 20 «3230 20
63387 .:.. 2W63637 40 63638 SO
65813 !!! 40j«38.«9 20 63894 4«
63977 .!. 20 64095..... SO «422» 2O
«4»6 206441* 20 64340 20
64618 ;/ lOftWMB...;. 20t«4«75 20
M752! 40JM738 40 64797 20
A4957..... 2CO165044..... 40 63344 20
ffi4M;.... 2O'«5438..r.. 20 65475 40
66543..... 2065623. 20 63644 100
A5742 ....' 10O!fiT>817 3nO!638«M . . . . . < 2O
65022 .... 40I6B006;.... 2A 66168. .V.. -^ 40
A6227...... -20!«W240 2fl!»?64<13 2O
(W42O.....' 2OfR64SS 200166431 - 2f>
66511. .... 20615545 40!66<5«5 100
MW04..... 20 *»08 20!6R9« 20
M0SQ .;.'.. 2O!«7135..... 2O|«7431 20
67430 40167458..... 20167466..... JO !
NUMBERS
—OF THE—
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
CALIFORNIANS ARE CO-OPERATING
TO ADVERTISE THE GOLDEN STATE
Ko. JPrlxelNo, PrUe,IJJo. Pn«»
67655 200,67713 20187776 100
07824 40]67833 40|
67S99 40,«7M3 100167961 100
66094 20 ; 68115 20 ! 68228 4©
68250 40I8S324 20 68406 40
6*437 20168476 20 68536 100
6S072..... 40168710 40 6S752 20
6S777 40J6SS34 20 68928 200
6S980 206SW1 20 69109 100
69137 .40 60167 40 68227..... 2O
' 602SO 2068323 40 69435 200
684*8 40160625 40 69783 40
6fSS3 20)159910 20 69033..... 20
70033 20170138 20 70201. .... 40
70*16..... 20170424 20*0452 20
70750 40170831 40170867 20
71007 10071197. 20J71253 . 20
71286 20171344 100(71442..... 20
71634 2071702 .2O]71774 20
71780 40'71NeO 20|72083 200
72126 20172201 2O"72319 20
: 72424 WX72661 20172671 100
72839 2(W|72867. 207-138..... 20
7S15U 20173222 100J73264 40
,7.1334 40,73415 20173894 40
, 73SW6 40^4212 200J74497 40
1 74305 20)74530 20 74702 200
74717 20J74S76 40174897 40
749.17 40 74996 100J75O54 10O
75161 2M75341 20 75412 20
75423 4073507 .* 20 75601 20
75704 4075827..... 100 75.966 20
75910 4O!75»1S 20 75946 40
| 75958 40176100 40 76301 40
76311 40176583 20
7«422 20)76706 40 77142 20
: 771R7 20 772O9 40773«3 SO
1 77421 2OJ774«4 \ 20177433 20
177743..... 20177813 2O!77835..... 20
I 78000 20178063 40178157 40
; 7S183 100 78237 20 7«2«...... 20
, 78461 4O7S7O3 20 78779 20
78000 100 79099 1W792O2 20
'79347 10079469 20;79534 20
I 795BO 20 79*28 2O 79704 20
! 78810 20 79900 40[79960 20
79982 20 |
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers, from 17094 to 17194 Inclusive*
1 being 50 numbers on each side of th» number
drewln* capital prixe of *60,000. $60.
100 number-, from 44163 to 44263 Inclusive,
belr.gr 30 numbers on each side of tha number
drawing capital prize of $20,000. $40.
100 numbers, from 110S6 to 11156 Inclusive,
being: 50 numbers on each side.ef the number
drawing capital prize of $10,000, .$20.
TERMINAL PBIZES.
799 numbers ending with 44. belna* the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize ef $60,000. $20.
799 numbers ending: with 13, being: th» last
, two figures of the number drawing the capital
priie of $20,001), $20.
The imbscribers having supervised tha aoove
drawing of the lottery of the Beneflcenrla Pub
llca hereby certify that the above Is an exact
: copy of the numbers which were this day
I drawn from the 80.000 placed In the wheel with
the prizes corresponding: to them.
Witness Qur hands at the City of Mexico,
this 23d day of June. 1904.
JOSE DE LA VEOA Treasury Department.
V. BASSETTI. Manager.
JUAN B. CASTEL1O. Intervenor.
THE SAN FRAN.CISCO CALL, MONDAY, /JUNE 27, 1904.
7
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
%
XTBV- Tjmtns l»m-rm umA «*• *mm
(SpSg^ri 8 AS t FRANCISCO.
I*A '^gTyfl/ Twu Jni 1». UOL
N^^PfV FwbtDwo*
— y*£_\JS (Toot of M*rt«t Straet.)
*-**?» - MAIN LINE. -aww
7410a TteaTUlo. W la tors. Baauey....._ 7.50>»
7 00a Beoicit, Klntra aad Sacrmmtnto.. 7.20«»
JZQa Vailejo, Vapa, Callatoga. SaaU
__ V.o**. M»rUa««. 8»a Ramon •-»•
7J0a KD«s.Traey. Latbrov, Stoektoa.... 7 24*
8 00a SBana Xxprwa— (Vl» DstU).
WUtlaffi* (for Hanlett 8pr!ng«».
WUlowa, trrnto. lied BlaX
ForUsnd. Tseoms. Seattle J.Stw
BcOa Daria.'Woodlaad. Katgats L*adtag.
Msryi'tU*. CWeo. Oror Ule 7M*
; t-SQATen Costs. Martiaes. AaCoeA.
Byrom. Tracy. Stockton. Kew
msa. Loa Baaos. lleadota,
Annou, Haafard, Ylsalta,
P«Tl«rmi« 4.23»
8-50* fort Costa. Moaetto. Merced.
• Fresao, Gosaea Jo action. Hi a-
ford, Vl»»t!a. SatenSeld 4.S0*
t JsCa XUes, 9*n Jo«e, Llrermor*. Stock-
too. (tMtlton), loae. 3.icr»m«nW.
Marysrtlle. Ctilca Bed BIoS .... 4-20P
8 JOa Oakdai*. Cbtaeae. J»me»to»n. So
dots. Toolomn* and AntceU ..... 4 20*»
•«0a AUaatIcBxpn»»-O?tlea»adBut. 5200
I-JOa BJcUmend, Martlaez sod Wsy
Bcatloas i-50i»
lOCOAThs Orerland Limited — Ogdra,
.« -~ DeaTer. OmaSa, Cotctga. • 2u»
' 10JJ0AVaHtJo_......'. 1t-20»
10.00a Los Angelas rassonger — Port
Costa. Uartlaea, Byroa. Trm«y,
Latarop. Stoektoa. Mercea,
' Raymond, rresao. Oosaea Juno-
Con, HsaXord, Lemoore. VUa'.la.
Bakertfitld, Los Angeles 7-20*
IXJOm Hayward. Nlles aad Wsr Stations. 3.20*
t140# Sacrsmeato Elver Steamers til-OOP
JM* Benlela, Winters. 8aer»m«at(x
Woodlaad, Willow*. Knlgbt*
Litndtng. M»rj*Trt!a, Orotlll*
aad wsy lUUoas 10 50*
J JOp Hay wsrd. Kile* sad Wsy Stitlon*.. J S0»
3.Mp rort - Costa, UarUaex. Byrom,
Trtey. Latarea. Modeito.
Mercea. Berenda. Fresno aad J
Way SUtloosbeyoad Port Costa 12-20P
J-30' Toseralte Valley, t!» Bereada aad
Wawoaa 8-SOa
«-U p 'UartlBes.Tra«y. StAektoa. Lodl... 10.20a
4 0C*>M«#Unex.5»nK»moo.V»:ieJo.N"»?*. „
. „ Callstoca,8aaURoM. f-M*
«00*> snes. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20P
J 4-20P Harvard. KUea, lrTiagtoB. Baat t8.50A
_„ Uvermore % ti 1.50a
B-vvPTbe Owl Liatt«4— Newm*a, Los -
Baao*. Menduta. Fresao. Tatar*.
Bakersaold.L«sAacel«a, _ 8 50a
i *8 -50P Btywari. XHf a aad Saa Jom . ~. 7.20 *
I •¦COP Haywara. KH«saad S«n Jo*e 9 50a
••OQPEaJtera Kspress— Ogdea. UeaTer.
Omaba, St. Loola, Cfateago tal
lu!. Tla lUrsines. btockton.
Sacrameato. Colfax. Reao 12.M*
• .Oop Vsllejo, dally, except daaday.... » r KBm
7-00»V»!leJo.8at«l»r *alj.... f lwm
7M» Klehmoad. Saa P»blo. Port Costa,
Mantaos and Way Stadoas 1120a
7-CCPBeBO Paisenger— Port Costa. Sul-
193. £lalra, Dart*. Sacramento,
.,.--.•.-: Trackee. Lake Taaoo. Reno.
- Toaopab, Sparks 7 50a
• M5m Oregon * CaUfomla Sijriss- 8»c-
rxmecto, MaryiTllle. Reddtag,
Portl *ad, Png«t Soond sad E»»c. 8.60a
|.1o> Harvard, 5Ilea and Saa Joie (sna-
dsyoaly) 11.50a
COAST LINE J-iarrow Uaan)-
(Too* of Market Street.)
7 -48a 9uu Cms Sxcnnloo<Saa(Uy only) 8-1 Op
8-1 5a Xew»rt. CeaMrrtlle. Baa J. •«.
relton. Boaldor Creak, Big RmIo,
Saata Crni aad Wsy Statloaa... 6-B5P
18.1SA Arvsrado, Newark, Ssa Jose. Lo*
G« wt.Glf n»oo4. Felton. Boalder
Creek. Big Basin. Saata Cm.... I 10»
12.18P Sewsrk. Ceaterrllle. Ssa Joso,
Sew Alniadea.Ln* G*to*,Fe!too,
Boalder Cr*ek, Santa Cras aa«
PrtDetnal W»f SUUooa 18.56a
; 4.1 8p >«wsxk. Saa Jose. Lo« Catos f».55A
4-1 So Wright. Boalaor Creek aad Saata
! Ctbs. Satarday aad Sunday oalr. *8 55a
' COAST LINE (Hroa.t U.a.M.
tyrlftlnl »»a fowa»«nd ntreeu.)
S-10A 8»n Joae mad Way 5iii;aa«. •-30>
(700a Saa Jott »ad W«y Station*. 6-40P
7.1 Sa Monterey aad Baata Cuts Kicnr-
¦Iob (Sandsy oaly) 1030?"
IUOa New- Almmi-a (Ta:i.. Frld.. oaiy). 410»
8-OOa The Coaster— Saa Joae. Saiiaaa,
Baa Ardo. Paso Roble*. Saata
Margarita, Saa Lola Obl*po.3aata
Barbara, Saa Buenaventura.
M ontalTo, Oxaard, Baroaak. Los
Aagsle* 1345P
SSOa Gllroy. HolHtter. Caatrorflla, Del
Monte, Piciac Orore, 6arf, Lom-
poe 18.4SP
• .00a 8aa Joie. Tres Pino*. Capttola,
BantaCras,P»ctfle Oro»e.Salla»a,
Saa Lola Oblapo aad Prlacipal
Way Station* 4.10»
18-ZCa Baa Jose aad Way Stations. 1.30P
11 JOa Saata Clara, Ban Jcie, Lo* GatM
aad Way Station* 7.J0p
IJCp Saa Jew aad Way Buttons 8 33*
: t3COp0*l Monte Kxpre**— Saata Clara.
Eao Jo*b. Del Monte. Monterey.
PadOe Orore 12-1S*
1 iSQs> Barllogame, Saa Jqte. Gllroy. Uol-
iliter, Tres Pino*. Pajaro. Capt>
tola. Saata Crox. CastroTille.
Ballaa*. Paeifle Orore 10-4SA
4i9* Paa Joan and Way Station* tt4K>A
tS COP SaaU Clara, Sea Juoe, Loa Qatoa.
Wright and principal Way 8U-
Uoa* (except Soadayl t9 00a
tS39» Saa Joie aad Principal WaySUUoaa 19 40a
6 4Sp Snuaet Exprej*.— liedvood. Saa
Jo*e,Gtlroy.Salbias.Paio Ksb.'et,
iaa Lcl* ODlapo, Sauu Barbara,
Loa Aegele*. Deattag. El PaM,
Xew Orleana. Xcw Tork 7.10a
I-45p PalAro. Capltola, Sanu Cm. Caa-
troTiHe.D«l Moote.Paciac Grove. tO^4SP
tC-1iP a>«a)taieo.Bere*rord,Bclmoat.8ajB
Carloa. Iledwood. Fair Oaica,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto T8.48a
• J0*» 8*a Jom aad War Statloaa. 6-34a
8-OOp Palo Alto aad Wa* Butloas 10-ISa
IUOp Mouta Baa Fraaeltco, M lUbrae. Bar-
Ilagame, Saa Mateo, Belnsoat,
Saa Carlos. Uedwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, aad ra!o Alto 9 45(»
ril-XSpMarfleld. Moonuln View, Saaay-
vale, Lawrfeaee. Saau Clara aad
8aa Jo*e tS.4Sm
A for It oral sg. P fur Afteraooa.
Haaday exceptoa. t Saadaf oaly
• 8atarday only. < • Monday oaly.
1 Stops at ail •t*.«.oa*.*a_Sjiaj»x.
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTEBN BY. CO.
*m FRaKCISCO AND KORTH PACIFU .
&AX&WAT CO«?A5T.
Tlbnroa rtrry, root of Market Strsst.
SAK ntANCISCO TO SAK EAPAEL.
WEEK UAYS— T:M, 6:W »;w. 11 :W a. m.;
12:33. 2:30. 3:40. 5:1% 5:50. »:&> aad U:Ja
P. m.
. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SIN DATS— 7:30. 8:0O. 9:39. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30.
2:30 3:40 S:10. «:W>, 11:39 P. m.
SAN EAPAXL TO SAN rBANCISCO.
WttK DAYS — o:ti>. 6:i'.>. 7:37, 7:50, »:2U>.
11:13 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 6:00. i.^>.
«:25 p. m. Saturdays — Kxtra trip at 1:43
SVNUATS— «:3O, 7:33, »:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40. 4:S0. 6:00. 8:20. 6:23. 7:90 p. m. t^x-
cept Saturday*.
Leave i In Effect I Arrive
fian rran. f May 1. 180*. ( San Fran.
Week I Bun- I DeaUna- I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 day*. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7r3O al I 7:43 a 7:43~a
7:30 a 8:0Oa 8:40 al 8:40 a.
8:00 a 9:30 a Ixaado. 10:^0 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p (:00p S:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
7:23 p
«:43p
7:30a 7:30a 17:43 a 7:13 *
8:00a 8:00a No*ato. 10:2Oa 10:20a
2:30 p 9:30 a Fetaiuma. «:»>p «:2O p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:23 p.
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:23 p 6:20 p
-2:30p 2:30 p 8:43p 7:23?
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsbnrg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserrille, 7:23 p 7:23 p
ClQTerdale.
7:30 al 7:30 at Hopland 119:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:23 pj 7:23 p
I I WUltts. I •• I Z
7:30 a| 7-^0 a| Sherwood. I 7:23 p| 7:23 t»
8:00 al S:0Oa| GuernevlU* and tlO:2t> allO:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p Camp Vacation. | 9:43 pi 6:2O p
~8:00'a[ 8:00 a 8:40a 8:40a
6:10 pi 9:30a Sonoma, 6:0*>p 6:20 a
f B:10p Olen Kllen. I 8:45 p
7:30a|7:S0a! 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pj 2:30 p| EebastopoL | 7:23 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Roaa for Wnlt4
Sulphur Springs and Marie West Spring*: at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton tor
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville. for Ekagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for tha Geysers, Boono-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Eprtnga. Highland Springs. KeljeyvUie. Carts-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
> Springs. Upper Lake. Pcmo. Potter Vall«y
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley*s. Buckncll'al
Sanhedrla Heights, * HuUvtUe. Orr'« Hot
Springs Halfway House. Comptcha, Camp
Stevens' Hopkins. Mecdoctno City. Fort Bragx.
Weatport. Usal: at Wllllta for Fort Brag fc '.
Westport. Snerwo*,*. Cahto. Covelo. Laytan-
vllle Cummins. Bell s Springs. Harrl*, OUeaa.
Dyer. GarbervUla. Ptpperwood. Scotia and Sa-
Saturday t» Monday round-trip ticket* at r»-
' 4l On d Sunday»— Round-trip Uckets to an point*
beyond Ean Rafael at half rate*.
Tlek«V. Offlc«. C30 Market street. Chroalci*
FRAZIER. R. X BTAW.
Gen. Manager. Pen. Paos. Agt.
THE WEEKLY' CALL
$1 p©r Year.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
developing
& PRINTING
At CTJT PRICES '
I have no competitors In this bust-
ness, so far ps high quality of work,
compared with price. Is concerned.
My reputation on this work Is safe.
So Is your work when you order of
• me. Order novr and you'll contlnua
I to order__In future. Here are a few
of my ' figures :
DEVELOPriTO:
Roll of 6 10c | Roll of 12...15*
FBITTTING:
Folio finish 3c to 5«
Velox finish 3e to 6o
USE DATLIQET : I.O AJDIHG
niKS. I sell them at popular
prices.
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
I F.-W PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 Martcst St, Above J'owelL,,.
SAN FRAKCISTO
: / — *k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
#- ,—jfa 629 KEABXY ST. Kstablishtd
BH*'f^V?»l l11 1 ' 34 'or the treatment «f I'rivate-
KLUv-tiw Di"M>*es. l.<.«t Manned. Debility or
IWyS^Ci^-il^as- tvearlngon bodyaml min.i and
2fiK3S8l5SS'! i lcin Dinenses. The Doctorcureswlien
others fall. Try him. rhar g *s low.
*^lTat»tffHJP« «¦¦»•«¦» faarmiilffd. Call or write.
I> r . jr. p. umBOX, San Francisco, Cat.
\A/. X. HESS.
Notary Fabllo and. Attoraey-at-taw.
Tenth Floor. Room 1012, Claus Spreckela bldg.
Telephone Main 983. • ,
Residence. 1S02 McAllister st.
Residence Telephone Page gg41.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
§ CALIFORNIA h
1 LIMITED TO CHICACC g
|l LEAVES MOHDATS and THURSDAYS E
m at 0<30 *. nu through la 3 day*, f 1
M with <Un«r and all trairplay fi|
V Otaer Saata T» Train s:
7:30 a. m.1 fcr Stockton. Fresno, Bakersflsld.
8-00 pi raj Merce<5 ' H» ntor(1 "a* VUalla.
4 :0O p. m. for Stockton.
S:CO p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. aad
Ferry Depot, 8. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oaklaad, CaL 37 Souta Tint St.,
San Joie. ¦
¦ ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via SaaaaUto Tarry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
I Depart trom San Francisco, 4reek days, at
0 -30 7:10. 7:45, 8:30. 8:15, 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
ll"l:40 I m. SauaalitJ only), 12:20, 1:45, 3:15.
4-00 4:35 6:15. 5:50. 6:23. 7:15. 9:C0. 10:20.
11:23 p ml Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at 7 10. 7:«.'8:3O 1 0:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a. m. 12:20. 1:00. i:43. 2:30. 3:13. 4:00. 4:33.
B:15. '8:60.^6:25. 7:13, 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. U:33
i P "A^lv« at San Francisco week days. 6:17.
i 700 7-35 8:15. 8:43. 8:33. 10:20. 11:03 a, m..
i"-C3 1:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20. 5:05. 5:40. «:15.
6*55 '7*55 10:05 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
i legal holidays extra trains arrive at 13:43.
"'For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a. m..
' s-15 d m., 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
! and legal Holidays at 7:45. 8:30. 0:15. 10:00.
; U -00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 2:30. 7:13
I "* 8:15 TRAINS. .
7:45 a. m. daily— Cazadero and war stations.
I 0:15 a, m,. Sundays only — For "dot Reyta,
; 0, -
I 3:15 p. m. daily except Sunday— For Caxa*
: dero. etc
I 8:13 P m.. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point teyes. etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
i 8:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Cazaiiero. eta.
I TICKET OFFICE— €26 Market st. .
I FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tai^alpais Railway
; Leare Tb Rsualtt* ttrrj ArriT*
Ban Francisco fnt «f Mar t«t 0. Sanrranclioa
Week Smn- "Bll Sun- Wetk
Days. day«. /gB&fc&'W °*yt. Day».
~~7Z~WX0l ifflpl 12:45 r* 8:43*
.... 10:00a lfiMSraW 2:0SrMi:O5*
10:00 a 11:00 a W«^Kf 3:35 r 3:35*
t.4Br 12:20 r 5:40 r 6:13 1
6:15 r 1:45 r , wwf 6:18 r IO-.04 i
...... 4:a5r KMr
» n» CiiTitT Cw. y yuulfk U MIH TsJWy.
Ticmt (<3» Mabxr Bt. (Kotth rthoro Ballxoad)
; Orricis land SaOsauto FiERy, I oot Markit St.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. ; MONDAY, JUNE 27. 1904.
8
DRESSMAKERS ASD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
Sl'IKlTUALISM.
mrs. j! i! whitney! •
. Clairvoyant trance, business medium and life
. reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House.
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie's materiallzlnr
. aeance to-night. 8 o'clock; $1. 1084 Bueh at.
CLAIR VO YAJiTS.
ASSURED Success for You.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 91 H
I No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain -the information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The flwit registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read eafefully. An honest proposition. N
(You to be full Judge. >
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I tell
you if husband, wife or lover Is true or false,
' whom and when you will marry, how to rain
the love of the one you desire; In fact, I will
tell you every hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; his advice Is re-
liable, his powers are wonderful and indis-
putable; he improves your character so that
- you will reach the highest possible develop-
ment In mental and bodily vigor, health,
happiness and caDaclty to earn wealth; the
controlling power implanted in your nature,
so you can control any one secretly; rives
advice on mining and buried treasure; rives
' you success In life: he guaranties you suc-
cess or charges nothing for his servioes, 10
a. m. to 8 p. m.; closed Sunday.
328 O'Farrell street— 326.
MYSTERIOUS POWER.
IV $1. I $1. $1. $1. $L IL
ELLSMERE, Egyptian seer, clairvoyant.
Educated by adepts of India.
Never before have you consulted one
So fully endowed with psychic power.
Call, be convinced. Trouble and doubt leave yon.
The Greatest Clairvoyant
"Tells your full name and occupation;" whom
and when you will marry; minipg claims, lost
veins located; advises Investments; business:
law, love, divorce, partners, changes. Journeys,
without asking questions; removes spells, evil
Influence, hastens marriage: controlling power
Implanted in your (nature; teaches personal
magnetism, develops mediums, clairvoyants,
etc. 1007% Market st. Mail. $2; offlce. $1.
Also open Sundays. 10-8. Write for Oovinda
Suttay Hindoo Belt. Particulars free. Orient-
al Talisman. Adepts wear them. All letters
answered, confidential.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATION r
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS $1.
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised promise. -
He Is acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true exponent of the occult science: for
overcoming trouble, bad luck. Ill health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries, would
It not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who Is permanently located at
428 Eddy et.; lady attendant.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are in trouble,
- discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4563.
A— Miss M. Wille, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader: when others fall tryme; rood readings
25c. 721 Franklin, nr.G.G.ave. Tel. Larkln 4207.
A — Mini. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names' given; 25c up. 833 Howard, bet.4th*3th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. 23*4
Sixth St.; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 44 1 '4 Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c,
gents 60c. 951 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er: tea leaves; 25c up. • Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, rives namea, dates
and facts; reading 3 dally. 917 Market »U
MME. MARSEAU, card reader. Ladies, 25c;
gents, 60c. , 645 Minna st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis at.
EDUCATIONAL.
E. ' R. ATRES, founder and manager of Ayret
Business College for 14 years, has returned
to take active management; bookkeeping.
shorthand, typewriting; $5 a month; life
scholarship $30: day and evening. Bancroft
building, 723 Market st.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
st., between Third and Fourth; more apace;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the west;
. come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
•chools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A — METROPOLITAN BUSINESS COL. and
Academy, 602 Van Ness; finds employment;
day, ev'g;* Dr. -Smith of Cal. Bus. Col. with
us. R. H. WEBSTER, Pres.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogus free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1433 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $8 mo.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty.24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.'
DANCING — Adults, Mon. and Fri. evgs; Juve-
niles, Sat. 2 to 6: prlv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, eleo.. a»ln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. : est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
JAPANESE language by a Japanese gentle-
man; conversation, reading, writing. Apply
box 1169, Call offlce.
KENT Law School, day and night; I3th year;
. send for particulars. 537 Parrott building.
ARITHMETIC. algebra,bookkeeplng.shorthand ;
, day. eve. Western Bus. College, 1107 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.; 75-page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
* EMPLOYMEST^ OFFICES.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese^
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 6762.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Offlce, 415 Stockton*
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr.; tel Buah 859.
LARKIN, 418B— Best Japanese help for house-
. cleaning; charges reasonable; tel. Sutter 1056.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese, help; estab. 20 years.
TeL Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
GERMAN woman wishes to do washing. Iron-
ing and housecleanlnr by the day. Call 280
Harriet St., In rear. ,
YOUNG girl with parents learn X-ray, and
chemical work; no pay for six months. Box
2510. Call offlce. .
DRESSMAKER, 36, wants situation in refined
E home at second work. Box 2606, CfcJl offlce.
. Oakland. Cal. : j
LADY wishes to care for two children; must
be of respectable appearance. Apply 136B
Twenty-eighth at.
EXPERIENCED trained nurse desires position
caring for sick person; best . references. 123
¦ Eddy st.; phone South 339. . ¦¦.
WAITRESS, experienced, wants • position, -city
or country. 324 Mason st-; phone Black 2396.
WOMAN with a little child would like to d»
general housework ' In a respectable, family
of two people. Box 1232. Call offlce. .
YOUNG lady stenographer and typewriter de-
'•• sires position: has experience and references
Address M. B.. 2053 Fifteenth st.
.COMPETENT young woman wants position as
"•„ a lady's, maid In the city or to travel. 2022
. Fillmore st., near California. -.
DRESSMAKER wishes situation going out by
¦ the day on plain suits, alterations and • re-
* -pairing: vllllns to go to country. 423 Grove.
CHAyCES—Contlniied.
A— CAMERON & CO. — Phone South 1050.
• 3 Eddy nt., corner Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chancee.
FOR sale — Wei 1-rurni shed li-room ark, moored
one hour's ride frcm city; fine chance for
sumraer outlr.g; also for- winter shooting and
fishing; all modern | conveniences; new, one
year; price $2200 complete. CAMERON *
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal. ; Assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron.* 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 8 years; rent
$30; clears ?90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account - of other business.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St. . ,
FOR sale — Carriag* and waron factory and
general Jobblr.s; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
roomlnr-bous«s and business chances, CAM-
ERON A CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange — Lot. 25x125, with cottage.
East Oakland, high basement, cement side-
walks, everything first class, on direct car
line, for rooming-house, S. F. ; value $2000.
CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy at.
$375 — RESTAURANT and cafe seating 46;
plenty tableware, French range. 2 gas stoves.
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 10OSH Market at.
CIGAR stand, laundry, stationery and notion
store; 4 living rooms; good place for man and
wife: r»nt $25: price $500. MERCHANTS'
AGENCY. 1003 K Market at.
TRANSIENT house on Market st.; 23 rooms:
newly papered, good furniture; clears $100
monthly: price $1650; $S0O can remain.
MERCHANTS' AGENCY, 100SH Market St.
$5500— GROCERY and bar; fine stock; bargain.
$530 to $15.000— Saloons; all parts city.
$250-$3000 — Restaurants, all pts.clty;bargalns.
$ino— -Concord stage coach; good condition.
BERG. ARMSTRONG A- CO.. 318 Kearny st.
$550 — DELICATESSEN, family restaurant:
heart of city; lease: rent $75; bargain.
BERG. ARMSTRONG A CO.. 318 Kearny st.
SOME stock In the Plnal and Brookshire oil
wells, which are producing large quantities
of high-grade oil and selling to the Standard
Oil Company at from C6c to 75c; the most
promising oil Investment, perhaps, in the.
State. For particulars apply to
W. E. BARNARD, 476 Tenth st.. Oakland.
FOR SALE — Oakland Crematory" stock.
Already paying dividends in March, May and
June, SOc each month.
S. P. milling stock; pays 60o . per share
monthly and has done so for over 10 years;
these two above the safest and beat paying
stocks In the market.
Some other attractive Investments. Call on
W. E. BARNARD. 476 Tenth St.. Oakland.
IF yon intend to buy or eell. It will pay you
to call on the
EUREKA REALTY CO.,
78SH Market st.; fhone Black 6S»7.
The up-to-date real estate agents.
NEWSPAPER for sale— Faying Republican
weekly in county seat town; best section of
California; established^ paper; fine equipment;
cylinder press. 2 Job presees, gas engine,
etc.; $1250 cash, balance on long time. Ad-
dress box 1334. Call offlce.
$2000 — ROADHOUSE near Oakland; summer
gardens, chickens, rabbits; thoroughly mod-
ern; $1000, % int. Country hotel. 26 rooms;
baths, horse and buggy, cow, 250 chickens.
Invectieate now. Room 4, 1016 Market' st.
FOR sale — Coffee, tea and. Fplce route over
18 years' standing; selling? on account of re-
tiring from business." For particulars In-
quire at 119 Front gt., between 11 a. m.
and 1 p. m.
$8500 — CHEAMERY: monthly receipts $2500;
expenses $460; fine business; excellent loca-
tion; best trade; must eell on account of
other business; will give terms ff necessary.
Address box 1228. Call offlce. Oakland.
$2100— ROADHOUSE: typical location; near
Oakland; summer gardens tables, etc.; cor.
lot. 125x200; good business; long lease.
ALDEN CO., 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
A MEDICAL practice: $3000 monthly, $10,000
equipments In sight; take $5f>00 cash, balance
easy payments. Rocm 2. Francisco Hotel.
Taylor and Turk sts.. for particulars.
FOR sale — $4000; long established, well paying
hardware business: owner willing to instruct
purchaser. 1535 Seventh (Webster) St., Ala-
meda.
GROCERY and bar In Hayes Valley for sals;
cash trade; new and clean stock of goods;
- fixtures and cash register, etc.; low rent.
Box 1022. Call offlce.
HOTEL for sale or lease to a responsible
party; located in- a lively business town about
60 miles from San Francisco. Address box
1066, Call office.
ll.VV) — PARTNER; fine cash business; $400
month: will double; new enterprise. Box
. 2G12. Call offlce. y
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store with tables
for serving meals; best location in city and
| a good trade; price $700. Box 2584, Call.
WANTED — To buy a coal and wood yard; es-
tablished and In rood location. Address Box
8.-57. Call offlce.
FOR sale cheap— Barber shop; 8 . hydraulic
chairs; fine mirror case; good condition. J.
O. Bondl, 97 S.Mkt.-San Fernando. San Jose.
FOR sale— Flrst-class country hotel. For In-
formation apply P. O. box 135, Guernevllle,
Sonoma County. ,
WANTED — Lady or gentleman to take charge
cf collecting business; small capital and
. references required. Call room 212.. 997 Mkt.
FOR SALE— Grocery wlth^ar In Western Ad-
dition; good location; price $1200. Box 872,
Call offlce.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar store; mast be.
sold at once: cheap rent; lease. Box 1226,
Call office. Oakland.
PARTNER with $1500 cash; security for your
money; no triflers. PHILBRICK, 440%
Guerrero st.
OLD established butcher ehop for sale; well lo-
cated, on Third «t.; owner retirinr from busl-
ness. Call at South Park Market, 432 3d st.
$350 — DELICACY and grocery store: near
Market St.; living frooma; lease. 917 Market.
BULLETIN route for sale. Address 2215 Pine
sU. city. - . \
SALOON license for sale. Box 3C07, Call of-
flce.
CIGAR 1 stand for sale; good location. Box
3508. Call offlce.
WANTED — To buy a restaurant; not over $650
Address box 3558. Call offlce. '
MAN to sell goods to saloons; make $36 week;
cash deposit $100. Box 1393, Call.
$2500 — PARTNER wanted In good country
hotel with bar. Owner, box 1257. Call offlce.
$450 — CANDY and Ice cream store; furnished
rooms; flrst-class; rent $35. 210 Fourth st.
FOR SALE— Chearv grocery and bar; reason,
death. 1801 Fifteenth ave. south.
I WANT to buy a good saloon for cash; cor-
ner preferred. Address box 1886. Call.
WILL pay good price for a paying restaurant;
give particulars. Box 1392. Call offlce.
BALOON for f>ale at a barraln on account of
sickness. 141 Second st.
RESTAURANT In good location for sale. 666
Fourth st. . . .
FOR sale — Saloon in manufacturing district.
¦ Western Itubber Stamp Works, 821 Mission.
GOOD express stand; new wagon; licensed;
must sell. Particulars, 414 McAllister st.
A COUNTRY grocery and general merchandise
store for sale; price $1400. Box 1041. Call.
CALL route for sale; a fine large Call route
In the city of Alameda. Box 2179. Call. -
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this offlce. ,- ¦ / ." - , - •
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
: of aivcrtlsements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100b' Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. - .-• ' » -;--,. v. • •'.>¦ > ./
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; ncourlng and
dyelnr- Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver, free.
• COEIiECTION jOra^gt^-0.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 413
Montgomery, rooms < 9-10; - tel. ¦ Main 6580. - - :
,-¦>¦? CUBES aUfl'tlBS. :•..•'¦;
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder. $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market sL; sead for circular. 1
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO., • Phone South 1060.
8 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
S2 rooms;, cheap rent; * 2.' years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
flrst-class condition ;¦ good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition In city; price $3200.
90-room new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture: good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
10S rooms; cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished, uo-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired:
rare chance for right parties: part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house: other busi-
ness interests demand Immediate departure.
( — — —
18 rooms; rent only $76; well furniahed
little apartment-house; reduced to $1250.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
7-room 1 modern flat, close in, well furnished.
cost $600, at bargain If sold at once; $300. v
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $300 per month: every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; flrst-olass,
up- to- date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $S00 to $600 per month: must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
14 rooms; rent only $57: oak furniture: good
carpets;, part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent: flrst-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $300 to $400 per
menth; call for particulars.
75 rooms: graad new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent: 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms: rent $143; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
cood lease.
- 180 rooms; grand, new. modern apdrtnent-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease: paying $500 to $600 per month:
close In: full nice people: bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doins fine business: will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy et.
•
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
87-ROOM apartment- house; north of Market;
corner; most elegantly furnished In golden
oak and blrdseye maple: -heavy velvet car-
pets; 5-year leasehold. MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS; new and modern; 8-year, lease;
Income $1097 monthly: expenses $633; profit
$458; doctor has ordered owner to Arizona;
It's a first-class bonaflde house.
\ MARION GRIFFIN.
17 ROOMS; near St. Francis Hotel; Income
$114 over rent: well furnished.
MARION GRIFFIN.
16 ROOMS on Van Nesfave. ; rent $60; profit
$103 monthly; suitable for a refined lady;
make an offer to MARION GRIFFIN.
28 ROOMS; $1200. See MARION GRIFFIN]
for a big snap; quiet, full, respectable.
20 ROOMS; near Market stj $600; lease; elec-
. trio lights; chance for some one.
MARION/ GRIFFIN.
14 ROOMS, near Eddy and Hyde sts., for
$250 down and $10 monthly; It Is clean; it
Is ntce; the rooms are large and It Is a big
bargain. MARION GRIFFIN.
40 ROOMS, , near Leavenworth and Sutter sts.;
In fine condition: lease: big bay-window
rooms front and £ack; oroflt $150 month;
fine business for any high-class lady.
MARION GRIFFIN.
81 ROOMS for $4000;' profit $246 monthly:
wide, airy halls; large sunny rooms; men
roomers; owner can make $4000 earn $500
monthly in another business. \
MARION GRIFFIN.
10 ROOMS, $300; worth $700; 8 rooms fur-
nished; all rented; north of • Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
30 ROOMS with elegant furnishings; fine cor-
ner on Sutter st. and clearing $175 monthly;
high-class roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
22 ROOMS; SE. corner; house nicely furnished;
absolutely respectable; full of steady room-
ers; rent only $5 per room; clears over $75
every month; now If you want a good home
and a paying business at a bargain get full
particulars at once of MARION GRIFFIN.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lea#». . .$3500
26 rooms, all men roomers, low rent.... 1009
115 rooms, low rent, country transient.. 5000
SI rooms, rent only $55 1500
40 rooms, rent $70, transient 1600
El rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 2J2 Kearny st.
MITCHELL 4: CO.. 1206 Market st. ~~~
i If you want to buy a house or flat on easy
terms, large list to select from, try
MITCHELL A CO.
FOR SALE — Lodging-house; desirable location;
v close to Fifth and Market; 26 rooms; all
full; price $050. Address box 2542. Call.
APARTMENT-HOUSE wanted by Eastern
party: must be modern; will' pay all cash.
Box 1864, Call. . . s _
40 ROOMS; downtown; transient: clears $175
mo.; rent $4 50 room. Box 868, Call.
LODGING-HOUSE, 231 Third St.. for sale; 20
rooms: rent .$75; price $950; on acct. sickness.
$300— 18-ROOM lodgiijg-house; always full: In-
come $45. Inquire 604% Mission st.
FOR eale^ — Boarding and lodging house of 20
moms. MRS. WILSON. Belvedere. Marin Co.
LODGIXG HOUSES WASTED.
IF you have a good'lodglng-house or board-
ing-house In San Francisco for sale, about
40 room*, address box 893.. Call offl.ee, as I
-will be In the city in a few days and desire
to; locate. ¦¦ - ¦ ¦¦.¦¦:
CARPET nEATISO^A^StD CLBASISG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
: universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned I by compressed- air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air . Cleaning
' Co., 308 Market st.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing: Works. 355-357, Tebatna *t. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleanlnr Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 22S.
CONKLIN*S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate av». Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
! tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter~st.;
tel. Main 894. QEO..WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
- reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
¦;;¦ •%_';'_'-• vy;:_PESTISTS. ¦•'•-'>'• V
A NEW, plate — The Whialebone^Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 60; fillings. BOc:
,. plates. $5; full set; all. work painless ¦ and
r warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting : when plates are
. made; old- plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given. . .
DR. KNOX. '¦¦¦¦ dentist; now - located ¦ at ¦ . the
¦<» Grant building. 1095 Market. 2d floor; ;. all
. flnt-claas dentistry , at low .-¦ prices. \ ... -
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surReon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
¦ floor. ; Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors, ¦ 235 Kearny,'" corj ': Bush-
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns, $2 up; flllings,25c '
FREE examination ¦'. with'-* chart at the i New
. York Dentists. 969 ; Mission • St., . SE. : cor.- 6th.
GOLD fillings,* 75c; silver.' 86c: crowns,' $2;" no
- pain;. open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hew!tt,20i Suttr. *
BMPLOYME5T WASTED — KEMALR.
A COOK who is thoroughly reliable. 2 years'
references, wants a place In country at $30:
Is neat and an excellent cook. Address
MISS PLUNKETT, employment bureau, 425
Sutter St.. near Powell; offlce hours, 8:3O
a. m. to 6:30 p. m.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a position
as companion or as children's nurse, or
travel with- lady: good seamstress; speaks
French and EngfTsh; best of references. Ad-
dress S66 Sixth at.. Oakland.
A FATHER wants a place In the country for a
girl 14 years old to tend to child or assist In
light housework In exchange for her board:
a strict American family. Box 1123. Call.
WANTED — By a young, refined American
lady. Dositlon to assist a lady with house-
work: sleep at home. Address L. B.. 1042
Larkln st, . *
WASTED — By an experienced, reliable wo-
man, a few mere ladies' and gents' fine un-
derwear to wash at home. MRS. PIERSON,
420 Minna st. \
LADT wishes position to act as housekeeper
for a co-operative gentlemen's club: gooa
cook; recommendations exchanged. Address
box 1229. Call offlce. Oakland.
A GOOD ' woman. Advanced In years, would
take care of child: also assist in light work.
Call 8 days. 831 Hayee st.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day,
washing. Ironing or sweeping: $1 80 per day
and car fare. Address box 1266. Call offlce.
GERMAN-AMERICAN girl wishes general
housework. 18B Sheridan st.. oft Ninth, be-,
tween Folsom and Harrison.
WOMAN wants work by th« day. washing or
house-cleantnr; $1 60 and carfare. Call or
address MRS. O8GOOD. US Hayes st,
A RESPECTABLE woman desires a position:
upstairs work or assist In general housework.
Call 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
YOUNG lady wishes position in offlce: good
typewriter, etc Address box 1223, Call of-
flce. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED cook wishes position |n lunch-
house; no Sunday work. Box 2602. CalL
YOUNG lady desires clerical position In offlce
or store. Box 1378, Call offlce.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
KMPLOY.MUVr WANTED MALE.
COACHMAN and gardener wants situation In
private family; city or country; well recom-
mended. H. RICHENS. 214 Third st_. S. F.
YOUNG man, experienced city cashier, desires
situation as same or as office clerk; good pen-
man. Box 2665. Call offlce.
WANTED — By a young man. a position In a
wholesale house warehouse or some inside
work where there is a show for advancement;
prefer a place where one Isn't bothered with
unions; good references given. Box 1134. Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detailer. IS years' experience mining, sta-
tionary, marine, power plants, etc., wants
position or work at home. Box 1168, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS, middle-aged man .wants situ-
ation as porter in hotel or Institution; 3
years In butt place; best references. R. K.,
box 1320, Call. *
YOUNG couple without children desire two
housekeeping rooms within walking distance
of Call: state full particulars. Box 1309,
CaU offlce.
BOOKKEEPER, first class, desires an engage-
ment of 3 or 4 hours dally; competent to pp«n.
close and systematize all classes of accounts.
Box 1325. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a steady married man
of middle age and of good morals in a whole-
sale store; speaks English and French. Ad-
dress box 1348, Call offlce.
CARPENTER, cabinet-maker, thoroughly expe-
rienced, good workman, understands his busi-
ness, sober, steady, wants work; $2 75 a day.
Box 1384, Call offlce.
ENGINEER wishes steady work running boll-
. era. engines and dynamos; rood mechanic:
long experience; rood references. 816 Lanr-
tcn St., city.
A. GARDENER wishes position: thoroughly
. competent In all branches of horticulture: 8
yean* In last position: flrst-class recom-
mendation. Box 1246. Call offlce.
BOOKKEEPER: thoroughly reliable man: 84;
best of characters and references; bonds if
required at his expense. Box 2629, CalL
WANTED — Position by a flrst-class Chinese
cook; boarding-house or family. L. J. M.,
1113 Clay st.; teL Black 3668.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wishes position:
can furnish best of references. Address box
1227, Call offlce. Oakland.
MAN and wife wish to do the work with their
own help in a small hotel or boarding-house
at a reasonable figure. Box 1250. Call office.
RELIABLE man wishes position as laborer;
understands horses and work around private
place. , Box 1170. Call offlce.
MAN (German). 42, wants situation; wllllnr to
work at most anything: rood references. Ad-
dress PAUL ZINK. 81% Converse at.
AN experienced Japanese wants position as
house hoy. E. I., 1212 Point Lobe* ave.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wishes a situation as
schoolboy; able to cook and watt on table.
GEORGE. 118 Eddy St.. city.
JAPANESE couple wants position; man Is
good cook and wife for general housework.
F. FUJII, 639 Stevenson st.
JAPANESE houseworker wants work In kitch-
en to learn cooklnr. J. K. YAMA, 033 Sac-
ramento st.
JAPANESE boy. living at home, wants a po-
sition to do housework or dishwashing.
FRANK. 613 Eddy st.
JAPANESE boy. who has experience, wants to-
work In doctor's office In city or country.
Address TOM, 1329 Pine sf_, room 7.
YOUNG Japanese gentle and honest boy wants
i situation, housework; wages $6 or $7 a week.
YOMA. 2106 Flllmore St. ¦
JAPANESE girl wants housework and cooking;
small family; city: wages $3 to $6 a week;,
speaks English well. 821 Ellis st.
JAPANESE girl wants place aa housework and
plain cook; postal answered. T. M.. 638 Ste-
venson st.. city.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department: over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us gH> you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1038 MARKET ST.
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259
Geary St., on the square.
$27 60.
NW. CORNER: choice sunny 6-room tipper
flat; corner Eighteenth and Hartford; near
Market and Castro.
¦ $27 60.
A — 3-ROOM modern sunny lower flat, facing
Park Panhandle: 162O Fell; rent reasonable.
, SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE ft CO., 218-220
Montgomery st.
NOE. . 1050— Beautiful new Cat: sunny corner:
6 rooms and bath; all modern improvements;
- low rent; convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fourth st. can.
CASTRO. 421. near Seventeenth^ — Sunny belt:
latest Improved new pleasant sunny upper
flat, 11 rooms; convenient for two families;
$40. . • .-
CENTRAL are.. 71. near Halght — Cheapest,
sunniest up-to-date flat, 6 large rooms and
bath; must be seen to be appreciated; $2S.
FOURTEENTH. 120B, cor. Shotwell— Sunny
• corner bay-window flat of 6 rooms and
bath; $27 60.
FLAT to" let: e9 Rausch st_. 5 rooms and
bath; hot and cold water; stationary wash-
tubs; large cellar. ' .
CLIPPER. 812%'— Upper flat, 7 rooms and
bath; modern. Apply 512 Clipper st.
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms; rent $14 714 N«.-
toma St., near Ninth.
FILLMORE. 1124— 7-room flat; modern- rooms
all light; rent reasonable.
HAYES. 602. cor. Buchanan— Nice sunny flat-
6 rooms and bath: modern improvements.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. CaU
on frYON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery st-H
MINNA. 735%, nr. - 8th— Elegant bay-window
flat, six rooms. ; ¦ .
NEW sunny lower flat; S rooms; Dutch. dlnlnr
room;. 1833 Lyon st.; owner cleans entrance.
fTLATS TO LET— Contlwaed.
NEW modern 5- room flat; sun all day: reason-
able'. 1UCO Broderick St.. near Turk.
SACIUKICE— Flat. 8 large sunny rooms: neir
furnishing?: nice location. "53 Eddy st.
SIX sunny rooms; new; middle flat. 2903 Fol-
som at., cor. Twenty-fifth.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 30T5. cor. Treat— S17: 4
rooms, bath; large yard. Madison & Burke.
J1S — FLAT of 4 rooms: no children. 2 Martha
place, near Geary and Taylor sts.
FLATS TO LET— FUItNISHED.
HA^HTriasriBu^nX^sta^
—Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished:
i house has all conveniences and is situated !-.
¦ select neighborhood.
MODERN furnished fiat; can be rented at a
bargain for a short term. Apply 773 Tine st.
STEINER. 1327. cor. Ellis — Sunny furnishM
flat: S rooms, bath, etc.; newly renovated : 1^3.
FLATS FOR SALE— FCR.NtSHED.
FOR sale, cheap; jow«r fiat 8 rooms completely
, furnished: large yard, with chickens, plgeoas
and garden; rent 111. For particulars call at
premises, 265'i Clementina St., between 9
a. m. and 4 p. m. ; no dealers.
A BEAUTIFULLY furnished 7 roomed flat for
sale; desirable locality. Box 879, Call office.
A SUNNY .'.-room flat, next Examiner, for sale.
with lease; 11S0. 17 Thtrd st.
FCR.VITLRE FOR SALE.
YOU can buy 173 worth of fnmlrur* for 17 54
down and fl 60 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co., S40 Post St.. near Powell.
Andersen Auction House, 19 Turk, nr. Market.
furnishes every thins; for the house; low price*
FURNITURE of 8 rooms for sale. Box 834
Call offlce. .
FURNITURE, etoves, bought.' sold, exchanged.
Barger. 4.T9 Valencia. nr.l6th.T«l.Church 3S7»
FUR.MTURE WASTED.
~ ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1133 Market st. Tel. Jesste 7«L
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlce fur-
wlture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
WANTED — To buy a toii'.ng bed in good coo
dltlon. Address box 1029. Call office.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture, carpets. etc. 782 Mission; teL Bush 413.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
A COOK for a private family where regular
kitchen maid Is kept, 150 a month, references
• necessary; a young, strong housework girl,
one who can make good bread, as kitchen
maid in private family. 130. a good ehanr«
to learn fine cooking. MI33 PLUNKETT.
423 Eutter St.. near Powell; office hours.
8:30 a. m. until ft: 30 p. m.
A NURSB for an Infant, country, $23.
A nurse for a child 18 months old. 130.
A nurse for an Infant, place in city. $30.
A nurse for a 2- year- old child. 130.
References from private families necessary.
Call MISS PLUNKETTS. 423 Sutter at., nr.
Powell; offlce hours, 8:30 a. m. to 3:3O p. m.
A YOUNG lady speaking French to wait In »
store. |23 and board. Call after 9 Monday
morning. MISS PLUNKETTS. 423 Sutter
St.. near Powell.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdressing.
manicuring, etc: trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: (3 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at 110 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for 113; position aa trimmers),
salesladies, eta. guaranteed at 110 per wlcup;
day and evening; class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
Hairdressing, manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $3 2
wks.: day. eve. class; positions secured, highest
wag»s. Removed from 1236 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
¦WANTED— Girl or middle-aged woman: gen-
eral housework; small family. W. M.
HOSTLER. Elmhtrrst.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. • p. m.. Wednesday: salary no obJeoC
LADT partner wanted, one that can play sorn*
string Instrument and sin*, to travel on th»
road; half Interest to right party. Call at
417 Bush st., room 12. from ft to 10 a. m.. 5
tslp. m.
A NEAT strong woman to do. cooking and gen-
eral housework: wages $23 to $3<t. Apply
Monday afternoon. 8216 Jaeksoa st.
A COMPETENT cloak and suit saleswoman
: wanted who understands 1 th« business). Ad-
dress Cloaks, box 1340. Call offlce.
WANTEH— German girl, general work, family
Of 4 adults. 2212 Channing wmy. Berkeley.
Dwight-way station; fare refunded.
SERVICES of refined woman over 241; stata
references and former occupation. Box 2623.
Call office. ,r -..-
GERMAN girl for general housework; small
family: no washing. 1427 Stelner st.
TWO lady solicitors of good appearance; Vg
money to right parties. Box 1278, Call.
TEN first-class lady barbers: new shop; good
wages guaranteed. »806 Mutual Bank bldg.
A PROFITABLE outing: pick hops In August.
Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery st,.S.F.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
F. M. OUNN. 638 Commercial st
Phone Main 1191. S doors from Kearny st.
Woods, ship to-day, A hours' work. $2 to
$2 2S day. fare refunded In 10 days. '
South, ship to-night. Clark R. R.. cheap
fare: Arizona; wo have a shipment to-night;
com* and co.
Shasta County, to th« sawmills by rail. 1*0
and found.
Woodchoppers. !arg« mining company, south.
4-foot wood. $1 BO cord, tools advanced, part
free fare, boss here.
Drillers, city. $2 25 day; 8 laborers. 8 hours*
work. $80; foreman and wife, ranch. se«
boss here, $30; man to run dairy on shares,
see party here: blacksmith's helper, camp,
$2 25 day; cooks', waiters and dtshwaaheTS.
AT tbe California Employment Agency.
14 Thtrd St.. nr. Call bldg.; phona Bush 405.
United States Government work —
6O teamsters and laborers. $3 to $2 25 day.
$10 O3 fare. Florence. Arts. Fare $10 03.
SAWMILL CREW.
Gang edgerman, see boss her*. $60 faond.
5 laborers, pile lumber. $40 found.
Board puller, $40 a month and board.
2 tall edgermen, $40 month and board.
2 second trtmmermen. $40 month and board.
1 offbearer. $40 a month and board.
10 lumber pilers. $33 to $40 and board.
2 carpenters, near city. R hours, $4 day.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 14 Third.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial St., near Kearny.
Phone Bush 8.T3. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
ARIZONA, lc mile; NEVADA, ship today,
fare returned: 8 laborers, big pipe and tele-
phone line, south. $45 fd.: 15 laborers, that's
you. for woods. $35 fd. ; 10 swampers, 8. Co.,
• $35-$4O fd.: 10 lumber ptlers. north. $40 fd. :
8 mi'.lmrn. lath, sash, door and lumber mills:
10 farm, vineyard and orchard hands- 3
crosscut sawyers; 2 barkers: 3 machla*
miners.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
93 Third st. Telephone Main KZL
Stableman, city. $75.
Cook, small hotel, San Jose. $30.
Rough carpenter, fare 73c wages $3.
Quarrymen. near city*. $1 73.
Woodchoppers. $1 50 cord oak. boss h*r%
Nevada— Teamsters and laborers *Z
Pipe line, south. $2 23.
Florence. Aris.. laborers $2: fare $10 30.
HORD & SMITH.
RED CROS3 EMPLOYMENT, AGEXCY.
602 Clay st. Phone James 247ft.
WANTED TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
S bridge carpenters, $3 to $3 30 day: .
2 house carpenters. $3 to $4 day.
15 teamsters, $2 23 day.
SO pick and shovel men. $2 day..
10 pipeline men, $2 23 day.
1 co<Sk. $:*> month.
1 cook, $73 month.
WANTED— Solicitor to canvass for bookbind-
ing; printing and offlce supplies; must be
familiar with the business and hav« «uf-
fldent knowledge of the reo,'ilr»me"nts to
take orders intelligently. F. MALLOYE. 42i
Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Offlce. 317 Stockton st.— Elevator
\ boy or man. S23; butler. $»3; butler. $T.5;
pantryman. $30; porter and cook, lunch m-
loon. $U> a week: gardener, country. $23;
milker. 23 cows, f rjo. etc.
WANTED — Men ¦ anct women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
¦ logue Riving particular*. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant. bids.. 1003 Market st.
YOUNG man to do porter work and some ex*
• periencs behind bar; good •worker. QkQ at
9 a, m., 304 California at..
THB^O\LL
JO1IX D. SI'RIXTKELS. . . .Proprietor
Addrett Oomsr.unicatlccs to
JOIIX McXAfGHT Manager
W. J. MAHTIN Buslneaa Mar.ager
TEX DOLLARS RJEWAHD.
Notify The Call Offlce if You Jliss
Your Pai>cr.
Xf for ary cause TSS CAZ.Ii la net fle-
Uverefi resmlarly to snhacrlbers pleaaa
call up "CALX. EXCHANGE" anfl notify
Subscription Clerk in charffo. Tout coai-
glaint will receive prcm.pt attention.
A Ktandlnr reward of Ten Dollars
fjio.oo) Is offered for the arrest and
ccnvictlon of any one caofht stealing-
THE CAXiZi.
TELEPHONE.
Atk fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department Tou Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Edltorltl Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson it.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Ctt. Per Month. 6ir«-le Copies 5 Cts.
Teraia by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
DATLT CALL flnclud. Sunday). 1 year... $S. 00
J1AJLT CALL flndud. Eunday). 6 mos... 4.00
DAILT CALL— By Single Month 75o
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Tear 2.50
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Tear 1-00
PftB _,™ fPally...$S.8O Per Year Extra
r££?irp 1 Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
FOETAGE. I \\Vekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL rOKTMABTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Etsjple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mali subscribers in ordering change of ad-
drws should be particular to give both NEW
ANl» OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
rron-.pt and correct compliance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1C16 Broadway Telephone Main 108S
TERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 7T
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
ntymtt. w. WALL Hote.1 Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI
Union Squarr: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue H^tcl ted Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremost House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNKSS..Marquette Builiica-
<Lcrg Distance Telephone, "Central 2^19.")
NKW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Bulldln*
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CATftLTON Herald Square
BTFINTSSF OFFICE of the Ban Francisco CaU.
Corner Merk»t and Third streets; open until
32 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1C0S Market street, opposite Fifth: open nntn
11 p. m.
KTT MrntroTr.ery street, corner Clay; open until
»:30 p. m.
snn Have* street; open until *:80 p. in.
C30 McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
fl* Lirkin street, open until 9:30 p. m.
15*41 Mission irlreet; open until 10 p. m.
22f:i Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until
9p. a •
1O> Eleventh Ftreet ; open until • p. m.
•ifWj Valencia street: epen until 9 p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Duncan streets;
•-pen until 9 p. m.
Nor:hw*5t mni>r of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky s«tr»ets; open until • p. m.
22firt FiHnore ftreet: open until 9 p. m. j
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVTXG TOWN
FOR THE SCM3IER.
CJLIiIt snfcscrlbera contcmplatlajr »
chanse of residence during: the cummer
months can hare, their paper forwarded
by mall to their new addresa toy notily-
irg 1 THE CALL Business Offlce. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
reserts and Is represented by a local
areat In all towns on the coast.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM OF GOLDEN GATE Com- -»
m£ic«r^ No !«'.. K. T., «~2T. Putt»r ft. HprP
— Fp*c!al assembly THIS EVENJNO ES
- at 7 o'clock. Order of Temple. All W
fraters ar» courteously invited. By
crder of the Cmnnmifr.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder. #
KAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. I. Royal »
Arch M*5cn*. meets THIS EVENING. W
R. A. d*irree. /V\
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
(iCOIDKNTAL. Iwige No. 22, F. and A. •
M.. THIS f MONDAY) EVENING at VV
7 :30 o'elnrV Third degree. Master
Masons cordially invited. By order of
the Master. Walter g. anderson. Sec.
THE officers and members of South San O
Francisco !>-.<Ig«» No. 212. F. and A. >f>f
M.. are hereby notified to assemble at /V»
the ha!! of the lodge. Fourteenth
rnrt Railroad aven., THIS DAY (MONDAY)
June 27. at 1 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose
of r»rfonr.ins the funeral service over the
r»Tia!Ti« of our late brother, ANDREW WIL-
PON. Frlcr.ds and acquaintances ars cor-
dially invited. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARK. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON Lndge No. 2CO. F. and • «
A. M.. 1R39 Flllmore St.— Third de-^yy"
gree THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at
7:30 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
Fecretary. New Tork. June 15. 1&O4. Notice
tc Ftockhold^rs.
To the Stockholders of Southern Pacific
Company :
Notice is hereby given that the bosri of
directors cf the Southern Pacific Company
ot a meeting this day held, called a special
rtwet'.rg of the stockholders cf said company
to convene at the office of the company tn
Ueechmont. Jefferson County. Kentucky, on
Wednesday, the twentieth day of July. I9Oi,
et 11 o'clock a. m., eiandard time, to oonolder
and act upon resolutions to be brought before
them at said meeting in substantially the
form end to the effect following, vU:
••Resolved (1). that the capital utock of the
Southern Pacific Company be. increased, one
hundred million dollars by Issuing one mlliion
tddttior.al charts of the par value of one hun-
dred dollars each."
"Resolved a*). • that the said increased stock
shall be preferred stock; that the holders of
ruch preferred stock shall be entitled to divi-
dends in each fl«cal year at such rate, not ex-
ceeding revon per cent per annum, payable
. »eml-arnuatly out of the net profits, aa shall
be de-lare-l by the board cf directors, before
ary dividend fhall be declared on the common
rtock; that ruch dividends shall be non-cumu-
latlre; that the holiers of such preferred stock
ehall not by virtue thereof be entitled to any
'other or further chare of the profits of the
company; that, upon the '.dissolution of the
company, voluntarily or otherwise, the holders
(,t preferred stock shall be entitled to have
their shares redeemed at par before any dis-
tribution of any part of the assets of the com-
pany Khali be made to the holders of the com-
mon stock: that Raid preferred stock shall be
Issued and sold from time to time to Euch
• mounts and in such manner as the board of
directors may authorize and determine, but
t.t not lets than the par value of the shares-
that it shall be convertible into common stock
chare for share, at the option of the holders',
«t any time; and shall be redeemable at the
option of the eoir.pany on or at any time after
the- flrrt day of July. 1905. and before the first
day of July. 1910. at cne hundred and fifteen
dollars per share."
"Resolved <3). that the board of directors
shall be and they are hereby authorized to es-
tablish, from t'.rce to time, and enforce all
euch rules and re^ulationa respecting the Is-
sue, sale, redemption and conversion of such
stock, not Inconsistent herewith, as in the
judrment of the board ma.y be necessary or
.expedient-** j
For the purpose of such special meeting the i
rtock transfer books cf the company will be
closed July 14. 1004. at 'J o'clock p. tn. and
reopened Thursday. July 21, 1904, at 10 o'clock
ALEX. MILLAR, Secretary and Clerk.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Sierra Railway Company of California
» ill be beld at the offices of the company
No. 229 Crocker building. City a~» County
< f San Francisco. State of California, on
MONDAY, the eth day of February, 1901. at
the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m., for the purposs
of electing directors ¦ for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as
n:ay come before eaid meeting. Dated at
tan Fraccieco. Cal.. January 23, 1804. S.
D. FRESHMAN. Secretary. .
• Tl.e abovr meeting adjournet". until April
11th. 1904. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Feb. 8. 1304. 6. D. FKESHMAN, Sec'y.
The above meeting adjourned until July
11th. laot. at 11 o'clock a. m.
April 11. 180*. S. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y. •
MEETING JiOTICES— Contlnned.
ATTENTION : Officers and Members j _
of Riggers' and Stevedores' Union. jdjt
Looal 222. I.L.M. and T.A. — You are .<£-<*
hereby notified to attend thr reKUlar A?y?3
rj<«.li:ix of this union, to K- hold at Vfc}£«
iur hail 1C1 N.w Montgomerj- et.. J&rff
THIS DAY I MONDAY). June 27. at £3223
S p. m. tharr. Uusintss of import-
ance to be transaeU.il. By order o'
H. J. JACKfON, Second Vir-e President.
HENRY JEND, Rec. Cor. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commlesinn having re-
ctfived'applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
cese from Amador and Sacramento Irrigation
and Mining Co.. in Dunderhead Mine, at
Mirhirr.n Bar, Sacramento County, Cal.,
draining into Ccsumnes River: frcm W. E.
Duncan Sr., in York Ranch Placer Mine,
near L-panich Ranch, PlumaH County. drain-
Ing Into Ea*t Branch of North Fork of
Feather River; from E. V. Tiffany and Eeth
.Teakereon. in Treasure Point Mine, neur
Fair Play. El Dorado County. Cal., drain-
IriK i-.to C«dar Creek, which reaches South
Fork cf Cctumnes River, gives notice that
meeting will be held at Room 90. Flood
Building, Ean Franci6co, Cal.. July 5. 1904.
st 1 :S0 n. m.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS— "New York's Steamboat Horror,"
told by survivors and eye witnesses; 1100
dead: 100 illustrations from photographs;
about VK) pages, ?HxlO; price $1 K0; celling
like "wild fire"; best terms; credit given;
freight paid; send 10 cents In stamps for
outfit and instructions. KUHLMAN- COM-
PANY. Dept. 4. Chicago.
WANTED — Both male and female, to do house-
to-house canvassing; big money in It: with
but little effort any ordinary man or woman
of Intelligence can make from $10 to $25 per
day. Apply at 1224 Halght st.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
O. w! HOWE. 1122 MARKET ST.
Tel. Jessie 4711. Established 22 years. Advice
free on all legal matters; divorces a special-
ty, private, quick: no pay in advanc*-; mining
companies organized; patents obtained; wills,
deeds, collections: detectives emdoyed.
R. W. KINOi Attnrney-at-Law, Exam, bldg..
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 13
years: all cases, general court and office prac-
" tice: no fee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.. 15
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands of
soldiers, sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12: quick, quiet; advice
. free; all law business; no charge unless suc-
cessful; epen evenings. 927 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12: no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
or en Saturday evenings. 819 Market St., r. 33.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity; advice
free; costs $12. Ad. B.A.8.. P.O. box 2199. E.F.
L. 8. CLARK. 927 Market rt; consultation
free; no fees In advance; cpen evenings.
ATJTOMOBILES.
: AUTOMOBILES — Livery, garage and sales-
rooms; automobiles of every description
bought and sold; will buy or «ell reccn<t-
hand machines. See us before vrm do any-
thing with your machine. Phone South "02.
Pacific States Automobile Co., 217 Ellis st.
RAMBLER automobile for sale at once for
$450: good running order. Box 871, Call.
A CADILLAC automobile for sale. Box 1045, '
Call office.
WANTED — A rasollne automobile. Box 2549,
Call office.
WANTED— To buy an automobile: must be
reasonable. Box S510, Call office.
ETEAM runabout for aaJe, cheap. EA.VE3,
2018 Market St.
ASTHMA BEME3Y.
A. Dt Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly: 10c. 25c. 50c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
' BOARDING FOR CHILDREN*.
EXPERIENCED mother and nurse will board
and care for children from birth upward;
references; reasonable terms. 1708 Francisco
«., Berkeley; phone Dana 861.
AN experienced nurse would like 2 or 8 chil-
dren to board; mother's care; reasonable.
1S39 Alabama nt.. bet. 2Sth and 2«th.
GOOD home for cne or two children. 542
Jessie st.
GOOD home for 1 cr 2 children: large yard;
near school: room for parents. 1223 Pine ft.
FRENCH boarding for children. MR3.
•GUNTZ. 663 Pine st.
~ BOOKS.
DALY & CURRAN, second-hand booksellers.
removed from 206 Powell >t.. to S57 Geary st.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A— $3500; BEER hall; choice location: 3-year
lease; rent $75; net rent $25; fine business;
elegant fixtures; choicest stock of wines,
liquors, etc. See R. G. WILKE. 2Gty Kearny.
A^$45O; ROADHOUSE; 4 rooms; dance hall;
5-year lease; pplendld business opening. See
R. G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny st.
! A— $1500: SALOON in wholesale district; rent
$50; estab. 25 years; a good-paying saloon i
and fine fixtures; value In sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2*4 Kearny st.. .
A — $3500; CORNER saloon: close to Sutter st. ;
place estab. years; doing an excellent bust- :
ness; lease; rent $115; net rent $48; elegant
fixture*. See R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— $15,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
leEs than $1000 per month; location and bust- j
ness can't be beat. See It. G. WILKE, 2tsy a
Kearny st.
i A— $S0O; PARTNER wanted In office of manu-
facturer's asent; a flrst-clasa offer for good
man; $500 to be Invested In business; office
clears about $220 per month. See IL G.
WILKE. 2tt^ Kearny at.
A— $2200: ROADHOUSE! Roadhouie'. Road-
b.-u*«: With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lease: a flrst-class paying resort. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny, st. / ¦' |
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; place must' be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. O.
WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— $450: BARBER shop: 3 chairs; best location
in the Mission; rent $15. See R. G. WILKE,
2f<;~ Kearny st.
A— 5C00; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cabl» house; place estab. years, with steady
.and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 2«tt
Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house: 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 87 beds,
rood furniture; leave; place paying welL Sea
R. G. WILKE. 2«K Kearny at.
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market, Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st. ,
A — $375 cigar stand, transfer corner; rent $23;
good paying place. R. O. Wllke, 26H Kearny
$400— NICE clean office business; light work;
srmds sell highest class business firms; no
accounts to. carry; have already arranged
that largo profits, quirk sales can be made;
Immense business; will guarantee $500 clear
Inside four months. Call room 34 Donohoo
building. , 1170 Market st., city.
$900^ — THE best money-making opportunity
open to-day; office business; control Pacific
Coast; eary-selllng specialty: want active or
silent partner: will guarantee $160 month;
come ready talk business if have cash. Room
34 -Qonohoe building. 1170 Market St., city.
THE best opportunity on the Pacific Coast;
$1000 eaah required to increase business; ail
cash sales; wUl guarantee $160 month to live
man who will attend office or outside sales;
business will pay $3000 year easily to worker.
Call rm.34 Donohoe bid., 1170 Market st..city.
$350 CASH secures half Interest business that
. will pay better than $75 monthly; large
profits: easy work; business entirely with
best class people; Investigate. Room 34
Donohoe building, 1170 Market St., city.
WANT $1000 for one year; %nt Into reputable,
reliable business; will pa«*share of profits,
fair Interest and return entire capital, or will
take partner. Coll room 34 Donohoe bide..
1170 Market St., city. ,
WANT active or silent partner with cash
capital. $1000. to finance best money-making
business on the coast; exclusive control; large
profits; can be made Immense business. Call
room 34 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st., city.
THE opportunity presented whereby for few
hundred dollars, with or without services,
you can net from $75 to $150 monthly; guar-
. anteed. Call room 34 Donohoe bldg.. 1170
, Market st.. city.
IF you have Idle money to Invest i In clean,
straight business, paying large profits. Gall
room 34. Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market St., city.
GROCERY and llqnor store in the Mission for
sale; price $1100; average cash sales ¦ $21
per day. . Particulars box 2513. Call office.
\/«OJ IP A rVl OF TV AD COl I WITH EQUAL FACILITY BY PLACING
I V-J U V_>/\1N OLJ 1 vJT\ ofcLL ~ THE RIGHT SORT OF AN ADTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1904.
9
HELP WANTED—MALE — Continued, ;
WANTED— 50 racn and women to learn the
barbrr trade; free situations guaranteed.
< all at Ha.iKhrsJ>Ilpge. (U7 Commercial st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments, j
Law and Adjustment Co.. Montgy. r. 415.
YOUNG man to Jearn rarbjr trade; wages
_^_ e J!f arnlnK " 41A How *rd st.
SAILORS and young m«>n (green hands) for I
rhips. HALLBERT. M7 Jackson st
KAILOU3 and ordinary senrcen for all parts cf I
world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st
PENSION Atty..E. A. Bullls. r74oT Phelan b'.dg".
Part Ccm. Gco. II. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44~Thlrd "st. near Mar-
k^. — 700 room*; ."0; night: reading-rooms;
free 'but anU baggage to nr.J from ferry.
AD V ERT1SKMENTS. pubscrlptlcrs received at I
Call branch offlce.cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. in.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. r.C"; Mission st. bet. 1st and -d sts.
GET your ehoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to COc 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sta.
HOUSES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale— Pacing mare. $175; 7 years old, very |
last; g'r.Ue in every respect; safe for wo-
man to drive; will go double. For particu-
| Jare address box OfK^ C ¦U_5-fi_ce :
EXTRA fine camp wagon, with paraphernalia;
a:so E»vpral wcrk and driving horses. 875 !
Folsom ft. ;
1 TWO stylish carriage teams, just arrived, at !
j Crt3 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — To buy a light driving buggy;
state price. Bex P53. Call offlce. l
i WANTED— A stylUh saddle horse. Box 1037,
Call office.
SORREL horce for sale; 7 years old; gentle '
and sound. Box 25S3. Call offlce.
NEARLY new low-set wagon; capacity 900
pounds. 843 Howard st.
NICE family cow, giving nearly 4 gallon* of
milk daily. 4039 Twenty-Flxth st "
AUCTION sale every Tuesday: horses, wag-
ons, surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 FolFom st
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, S.F.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
nesg. work £nd driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— "PRINTED list of houses to let: send fc-r clr-
cular G. H. UMBSEX A- Co.. "0 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET— COUPTBY.
CALISTOGA. Napa — Cottage of 3 rooms and
kitchen, furnished, $10. Inquire 64 Hatght.
HOl'SES FURNISHED — FOIt BALE.
8- ROOM house: well furnished; fine piano; long
l«ase; rent $30; at a bargain if sold at once.
Address box 1328. Call offlce. ¦
HOUSES WANTED FURNISHED.
WANTED — A completely furnished house or
Cat of 6 rooms. Address with price, etc., box
1U57. Call otflce.
TH VALID CHAJDBS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt. ; tel. Park 773.
INVESTMENTS. " ¦
GOOD investment — A limited number of shares
at 2Sc per share; this stock will be worth
one dollar ($1) per share within a year; call
or write Osceola Mining and Development
Company, 414 Crossley building, S. F.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A passbook with the IHbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Krancisco In the
¦ name of HARRIET W. ARMSTRONG, No.
76-454. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST. — A rxjamld Shrine pin at Grand. Op*ra>-
house or Third st: suitable reward to finder.
Address MRS. H. WINKLE. Mill Valley. Cal.
LATJHCHES POB HXBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush tiii.
3. Michaelis Launch Co.,Unlon-st Wharf; boat-
Ing & excursions. 6 Steuart st. ; tel. John 1'uSii.
MACHINERY — Bought, Sold and Ki.
FOR eale — 1 cut-off saw, 1 scroll saw, 5- inch
eticker. 5O-H. P. encine, iO-H. P. boiler.
P. A. GEIER. 20C5 Market st.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION? AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 jears' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market et, rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed : 30 years' experience. 826 Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for ail fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008 Vi Market st. opp. 6th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— AI> who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market at '
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, above Van Ness — Ex-
pert in cb«tctrlcs. ftnale complaints: lnst.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yrs. ex. (
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original .nethod of treatment 1126 Market.
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st
LADIES — Kuraround; .safe. sure, never tails;
$2. Gleaxon-Ruggleg Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
MRS. DR. GWYER, having secured lease o!
premise*, !« permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth tt.. bet Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Fo!*r>m st. comer
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10. '
MISCKI.LAXEO CS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engine*. 24-har.d machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte: In rolla easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumn«,
pulleys. shaXting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented scd exchanged; see Sunday papers.
II. E. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-112 Beale st.
A— FINE suits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
Inal Mi.'ttt Clothing Parlors, 2U8 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
Clneii, boilers, water pipe, nhaftir.g, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear ft
DENTAL" engine. Wllkerson chair, bracket
etc., carpet, folding bed, paintings; cheap, or
trade for equity in lot 1141 Polk, cor. Sutter.
GENTS' full drees, Prlncei Albert and Tuxedo
euit» to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Btockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for eale on
Email weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st. -
J. COOPER, gents" full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton at.
upstairs.
ALTERATION eale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Prlc« Hatler, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open to 9 p. in. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form cboes at $2 00; we' pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FOR sale — 12-ton schooner yacht Flyaway; 45
f«-et Jon*. Address C. C. MORTON, steamer
Arabs, Fulton Iron Works.
FOR sale— Two frfsh cews. Apply A. KBETII.
1445 Thirteenth ave. South.
EVERLASTING signs, letters, numbers; only
1 makers In State. BAKER'S. 21 Spear at.
GRINDINO stone, carpenters' and plumbers'
tools and floor truck fpr sale. 053 Howard st,
PIGEONS— Homers, runts, all leading varieties;
¦ stamp for catalogue. C. Wilson, 229 Stevenson.
FOR sale — 30-ton gasoline eloop. H. SULLI-
VAN, 28 Rltch st. 8. F.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand: prices
right at Richardson Bros'.. 1S1C Market st.
BEST white lead 7c per pound; to painters
less. BUTCHER. 741 Mission ft
AWNINGS, tents.new.second-hand. SUN TENT
tt AWNING CO., 42 Spear st; tel. John 6480.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT it AWNING CO.,35 Mkt. Tel. Bush S58. 1
• PERSONALS — Con tinned.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural. color; $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. ' m. - • -
PALMISTRY. ;
A — MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East 610 Eddy st. ; phone Polk 4611.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 615
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 661.
PATESTTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st
•. PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'D'ONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 v. Market et., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
I.1R. BALL. 1073^4 Market st.
REMOVED— DR^ WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 116-117 Mason st, now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st, near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay st
DR. WONG HON. 310 Powell st. tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.
POULTRV, EGGS, ETC For Sale.
THOROUGHBRED S. c"whlte leghorn pullets;
utility bred; 10 weeks old; $6 per dozen; lots
of 50. $3. Black Hawk Poultry Farm, 313
Sacramento st.
PROPOSALS.
DEPARTMENT of the Interior. U. S. Geologi-
cal Survey. Washington, D. C. May 28, 1904
—Sealed proposals, in duplicate, will be re-
. etived at the office of the United States
Reclamation Service, at Reno, Nevada,' until
2 o'clock p. m., July 15, 1904, for the con-
struction of about 37 miles of main distrib-
uting canals, involving about 1,600.000 cubic
yards of earthwork, with diverting dam,
regulating gates, spillways, falls, weirs and
bridges, for the diversion and conveyance of
about 1800 cubic teet of water per second
from Carson River at a point about 4 miles
west of Leetvllle. Nevada, to irrigable land 1 )
In Carson Sink Valley. Bids will be received
on (A) excavation and embaakment for one or
more divisions or all the work; (B) head-
works: (C) falls, spillways, weirs, lateral
headgates and pipe drains; ID) highway
bridges. Specifications, form of proposal
and particulars may be obtained after May
2*5. 1904, by application to L. H. Taylor,
Reno, Nevada, and to the Chief Engineer of
the Reclamation Service. Washington, D. C,
at whose offices the plans may be Inspected.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certifled
check for $1000. payable to the Secretary of
the Interior, as a guarantee that the bidders
will, if successful, promptly execute a sat-
isfactory contract and furnish bond In the
sum of 20 per cent for the faithful perform-
ance of the work. The right Is reserved to re-
ject any or all bids, to waive technical de-
fects, or to accept one part of a bid and re-
ject the other, as the interest of the service
may reuulrc. Proposals must be marked,
"Proposals for Distributing Canals, Truckee-
Carson Project, Nevada." Bidders are In-
vited to be present THOS. RYAN. Acting
Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies— Offlce
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco, Cal.,
June 17, 1904. — Sealed proposals for furnish-
ing and delivering cf such quantities of sub-
sistence supplies, delivered at such wharf or
wharves or such warehouses in San Fran-
cisco. Cat., as per circular to be seen at this
offlce, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., Tuesday. June 28. 1004, and opened
immediately thereafter, in presence of bid-
ders. Speclfleaticns. general instructions 1 to
bidders and blank forms of proposals will be
furnished to established dealers on appllca-
tion to C. R. KRAUTHOFF. MaJ. Corny.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor.
Mutual Savings Bank building. 708 Market
St., opposite Third — For the half year end-
Ing June 30. 1904, a dividend has been de-
clared at tne rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1904.
JOSEPH A: LEONARD, Manager.
. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
' Montgomery sts.— For the six months ending
June 30. 1904. dividends have been declared
' en deposits In the savings department of this,
company as follows: On term deposits, at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1U04.
¦ J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, corner of California and Battery streets,
Ean Francisco, has declared a dividend of
8 per cent per annum on Class "A" and
"F" stock, 6 per cent on term deposits and
6 per cent on ordinary deposits, for the six :
months ending June 30, 1904.
WASHINGTON DODGE, President
WILLIAM CORBIN, Sec. & Gen. Mgr.
DIVIDEND Notice: San Francisco Savings
Union. 532 California st, corner Webb. —
For the half year ending with the 30th of
June. 1904, a dividend has been declared at
the rate per annum of three and one-half
(3V4) per cent on term deposits and three (3)
per cent on ordinary deposits free of taxes,
payable on and after July 1. 1004. -
LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
piVIDEND notice— The French Savings Bank,
315 Montgomery St., for the half year end-
Ing June 80, 1904, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and one-quarter
(•Mi) Per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Friday,
July 1. 1004.
LEON BOCQUERAZ, Secretary-
DIVIDEND Notice; The German Savings and
Loan Society, 628 California st— For the halt
year ending June 30, 1904. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
quarter (3^4) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Friday. July 1, 1904.
GEORGE TOURNEY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: Mechanics' Savings Bank,
southwest corner Buch and Montgomery its.
—For the half year ending with June 30,
1904. a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three and one-quarter (3^) Per cent
per annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Friday July 1, 1904.
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: Mutual Savings Bank
of San Francisco, 710 Market St.— For the
half year ending June 30, 1904. a dividend
has been declared at the rate of three and
nne-quarter ISM) per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of +axes, payable on and after
Friday, July 1. 1004. • ..
' GEQ. A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Security Ravings Bank.
222 Montgomery Bt., Mills building.— For the
half year ending June 30, 1004. dividends
upon all deposits at the rate of three and
one-quarter • (3 ii) per cent per annum, free
of, taxes, will be payable on and after Jujy
1. 1904. FRED W. RAY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: Humboldt Savings Bank,
18 Geary st— For the half year ending June
80 a dividend on deposits has been declared
at the rate of 3% per cent per annum, free
of taxes, payable on and after July 1, 1904.
W. K. PALMER. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery ¦.St., corner Sutter. has de-
clared a dividend for the term ending ."une
.30^1004, «t the rate of three and one-quarterv
ttU) per cer.t per.annum on all deposits, free
. of taxes and payable on and after July 1,
1904. CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
iliwiNO MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
BUY THE BEST— RENT THE BEST.
You make no mistake when you buy or rent
i .a White; you get the best sewing machine
value on earth: we are oflerlng very special
bargains .in a lot of new Whites, slightly
shop-worn; they go while they last at one-
.half and one-third regular price. City offices
—300 Post st. 1841 Fillmore at and 708 Va-
. lencla st ¦ -- .-...- .¦•¦¦»¦:¦¦
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
- Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domcs-
tlc offlce. 1021. Market st. near Sixth.
NEW HOME— Sea our • new triple-feed ma.-
chines; slightly used; $10, $15, $20; second-
hand, $3, $3, ?8: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1061 Market st
w _TJPB WRITERS^ AWDJTOPPMES^^
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Fmlth Premier, , $25: ¦ other., typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
¦ Typewriting Exchange. 636 California st
A FEW/ good typewriters at $30 each: Ret par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
. gomery st ~ ¦ - ' ,
"REMINGTON"— Excellent condition; a bar-
gain. Address box 1207, Call offlce. •: , '
2DHAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
. Webster Typewriting InsDec. Co.. 608 Market
I ROOMS TO LET — Para, and Unlira.
HYDE, 834 — Front, sunny, bay window, for
1 or 2; other rooms; hot and cold running
water; bath.
JESSIE, S63. east XT. S. Mint — Famished
rooms; $5 and $6 per month.
JONES 207 (Van Winkle)— Furnished sunny
rms.; suite or single; gents preferred; $2 up.
JONE3. 515B— A sunny front suite $14; and
other' sunny rooms and bath; reasonable.
JONES. 91»— A comfortable sunny room; all
conveniences; private family; reasonable;
- gentleman.
LARKIN. 1042— Front sunnj room; single; «••
of bath.
LEAVKNWORTH. -223— Rooms $2 and $3 w«sk;
also housekeeping.
MARKET. 1049A.The Falmouth — Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water; -elevator; $2 to $7.
MASON. 823— Suits and slngl« room; modern
conveniences.
NATOMA. 614. rear Sixth— Suany famished
front room: private family.
NINTH, 147— Large sunny room, suitable for
one- or two persons.
OAK. 40— Nicely furnished, sunny, front room.
O'FARRELL. 363 — Two large sunny rooms;
rent reasonable.
PINE. 032— Beautiful, sunny, alcove suite,
modern flat; refined family; with hoard;
bath; phone; gentlemen preferred.
POST. SS9. near Hyde — Large furnished front
rocm; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
POST. 10€2— Elegant suite, also single room, la
an up-to-date flat; for gentlemen who seek a
refined home; references exchanged.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 80; week, $3
to $8; menth. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH, 140— Nice furnished sunny rooms;
central location: reasonable chances.
SHOTWELL. 211 — A sunny suite of house-
keeping rooms: aiao single room.
SIXTH. 2401, — Furnished rooms, day, week or
month; location central and reasonable.
SIXTH. 224— Nice large sunny room; central
location; reasonable.
SUTTER. 1105— Large front furnished bay-
window room: running water: 2 closets: con-
venience*; light housekeeping If desired; $1X
THE ST. KATHRYN.
N E. COR. LEAVENWORTH AND
ELLIS— SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOMS IN THE CITY; BATHS: HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERY
ROOM: ELEVATOR SERVICE; MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES: FROM $3
PFR WEEK.
"THE CRESCENT," 219 Powell— Sunny furn-
ished rooms' from $1 75 per week up.
TURK. 823 — Unfurnished sunny room: runnlns;
water; closet: sunny back parlor; furn.; $8.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — 4CO
looms, 33c to $1 night $1 73 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator, read.-room; free bus: baggage.
VAN NESS. 1106 — Nice furnished rooms for
gentlemen ; select neighborhood.
WALLER 1747 — Bright, cheerful rooms In pri-
vate family; half block from Golden Gate
Park^
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d at. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 nlarht; $2 to $3 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 13(jJ|
to $1 per night and from 90c to $3 per week.*
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan A Church its.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 P. m.
BOOKS A-TP BOABP.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. KEATTTt.
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQGtPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEJIENT8.
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
1013 VAN NESS. COR. GEARY.
APPLY TO MRS^E. WINDELE. MANAGES.
EDDY 913^ — Most select central location la
modern elegantly furnished private house:
home cooking unsurpassed: board optional.
BREAKFAST and dinner with room. $20
month: first-class borne cooking. 1254 Eddy.
CALIFORNIA. 1528— Large room, suitable for
2; single front room; board optional.
FILBERT, 1110 y» — Furnished rooms, with
board.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1046 — Sunny furnished
rooms, bath, tel., good board; reasonable.
HOWARD. 841A — First-clajs board and room.
single or double. $3-$6 wk. ; American family.
EDDY. 112S. opp. Jefferson Pk.— Nicely fur.
funr.y rooms; table board; reas.; new mang't
ELLI3. 1174 — Parlor suite; also double and sin-
gle rms.; mod.; sunny; excellent board; reas.
FOLSOM. 2873 — Elegantly (urn. rooms wlti
board for couple. $10 wk. ; single boarders.
FULTON, 1331 — Runny rooms with board in
private home; Park drive; phone Pago 6096.
GEAr.Y. 501, Hotel L' A Igloo— Family rooms
and board: entirely renovated: reas. prices.
NICELY furnished rooma and board. 1301 A
Devlsadero st
PACIFIC ave.. 1716. above Van N?ss— Large
sunny rooms; use of parlor; excellent board.
PINE 1098 — Nicely furnished suits, single rms.;
excellent tablfj private; phone Polk 3001.
POWELL, 602. corner Sutter — Front room for
2; also single rooms: without board: reas.
TURK. 1300 — Front sunny rms, good home cock-
Ing, $4.76, $5 wk.; rrns. without brd. $1.50 up.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Single rooms and suit*;
homelike. .
WASHINGTON, 1021. near Mason — Rooms with
or without board; $18 to 120 month.
CLASSIFIED advertisementa and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has baen established at 10M
Valencia at
- ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED — 2 unfurnished rooms for hou«ek«ej.
Ing. Box 1125. Call. .
THREE unfurnished rooms wanted for boast-
keeping. Box 1187. Call.
- STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
/^EMPORIUM Storage * Van Co. l furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 1*1.
A— GILBERT A STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; offlce 1170 Market r. 43: tel. South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage * Moving Oo.. of-
flce Post und Powell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. S7L
CONKLIN'8 Storage — Furniture and merchan-
i dl.-ti. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances mads. 840
Mission st; tel. Howard Ml. F.W.Zehfu— .
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st : phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
•t. tel. Main IS 10. Shipplns; at cut rate*
SPECIAL NOTICBO. """
THE following children have been admitted by
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children: wiida CupUll. ags 4V, years.
abandoned; Dorothy Wilburn, ago 14 months.
orphan.
¦ SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS J and NOISES la EAK9
positively cured: new methods: I week's treat-
rcent free. Dr. Cotttngham, 204 Sutter st
STUTTERING AND gTAMMERIXO.
AT^elb^rniriniitUute, Vaa Ness * Market.
is Jaught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne In U. 6.: private: established 3
years In 8. F. T«l. Mint 262ft from 1 to 3 p-ra.
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment:
booklet mailed free; correspondsnee Invited.
VIA VI CO./ 2304 Van Ness ave. .
For Births, 3Iarriages and Deaths Bern
Pace Tea,
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
$1 26 PER week: no interest; lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level: no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
en; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st, room S.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 612 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot: ,
$S a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
- stallments less than rent; send for circular.
FIVE-ROOM ' cottage; porcelain plumbing.
- modern Improvements, laundry, yard; rent
PJ.6; sorth Eide of. O'Farrell st; $3600 only.
Inquire l.!01 Devlsadero st
WE have some special bargains In city prop-
erty; alsp homes on easy terms In Berkeley
and Alameda; call or send for what you
want. ROTHERMEL & CO., 607 California.
Free homestead presented by Uncle Sam under
new Government canal; Nevada. See J. E.
Gordon.628 Croesley bldg., 2:30 to 6 p.m. daily.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-8 Crocker bulging.
$2000 — New modern cottage; 4 rooms; bath;
easy terms same as rent. 3316 Mission st
ALL work guaranteed first class by AIIL-
| BACH & MAYER, plumbers. S36 Howard st
REAL KSTA'l'K— Coantry— For Sale. ,
WHITE & BAYLEY, ,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE. j
EXCHANGES.
$12,500 — Splendid stock ranch and general
farm 2600 acres; 4 miles from Courthouse,
Mendoclno County; 200 acres tillable; 2 com-
i plete sets of farm buildings; w«ll supplied with
' water and an abundance of live oak timber;
there are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
$8000 — Only 3Ms miles of Geyserville. the Gem
of Sonoma County; U mile good school; rural
mail delivery; 60 acres; 30 acres rich bottom
land; 2 acres orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing; 5 acres alfalfa; well fenced and cross
fenced; 5-room house, 2 good barns, nice
spring; have other bargains In this superb sec-
tion.
$2500 — 13 acres level land, 7 miles of San
Jose; all In vineyard; house.
$2000 — 40-acre dairy and poultry ranch, 1
mlla of town; hill land; 3 houses; barn; corral;
poultry bouses, 2 Incubators; 2 brooders; farm-
ing tocls: fenced; 4 cows; 2 horses; 225 chick-
ens; tine market.
$600 — One minute's walk of | church and
school. 4 mile? of town; 1H acres; nice 4-room
house; large barn; poultry houses; rich garden
land with easterly slope; on main sprinkled
road; rural delivery; Ideal poultry farm.
$3200 — In city limits of Petaluma; ?Vi acres;
neat cottage; barn; 5 poultry houses; 2 brood-
ers; 1 Incubator; 2 wagons; harnfss; horse;
Jersey cow; 450 chickens; all in bearing fruit;
see photos of select Petaluma homes at thU
offlce.
$3000 — 3 miles of Santa Rosa; 200 acres; 20
acres tillable soil; 600 cords of wood; house;
barn; running water; 10 bead of cattle: 25 head
of hogs>; other bargains in this superb section.
$600— Only 1 mile of town; 80 acres; house,
trees, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom land;
placer and quartz gold; 2 garden patches, out-
side range, tools, furniture; forced sale.
$1000 — Near Merced City, on main road; 40
acres rich land; 6 acres bearing olives, 10
acres alfalfa; 5 J ,5 acres bearing orchard; 2i
wells; all under ditch; fine cottage, 5 rooms;
steel windmill and tank; good barn; tool house;
granary; poultry houses; Incubator houses; nice
Income; cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided In
small tracts at $t5 per acre; one-third of crop
with place.
Adjoining the town of Lodl. both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under ditch;
$125 to $165 per acre. .
$50 per acre: 10 acres up; under ditch; 4%
miles from Ludi. on main county road; also
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 an
aCr6 * GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have several parties with good Income
property to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodging-houses; many cash buyers; list your
property.
$2500 — 60 acres: 5 miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
some steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
Ing; good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $500 down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
$5000 — Best ranch In Southern Oregon; 320
acres; 2 sets good improvements; well fenced:
orchard; 5 horses; farming tools; outalde range.
$4500— 30 acres close to Morgan Hill, Santa
Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard, 10 acres hill pasture; nice hard
finished cottage pf 5 rooms; outbuildings; fine
income; would trade for Income city property.
$060 Only 6 miles from Courthouse ; 80
acres- orjhard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
part cash: near Red Bluff.
$17,000— Finest ranch In San Joaquln County,
between Stockton and Lodl; water near sur-
face; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
450 acres rich land, 1 mile of Calaveras River,
on main road; mortgage $9000; would trade for
nrst-clas* property near city.
Country hotel, live town; Alameda County;
lot 80x200; fine trade; 14 large rooms; house
for help; large stable; outbuildings; opposite
new station: $3500. •
$2250—10 acres, all In apricots Just eom-
menclng to bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
home; ualf cash.
$1700— In Sonoma City: 3% acresj all level;
good house, barn, windmill, tankhouse; 13 poul-
try houses and yards; some alfalfa; spring
we son; 600 chickens: feedhouse.
$3500 — 13G acres east of San Jose; 129 acres
In hay; good soil.'
Send stamp for printed list
WHITE & BAYLET,
Successors to
•W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery St., Room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
160 ACRES U. S. patented land at Wawona
summer resort, Mariposa County; price $20
per acre; some improvements: abundance of
wood and water; a fine hotel site. Inquire
of A. B. VAN CAMPEN, Mariposa. Cal.
FOR farms, timber, grazing; and alfalfa lands,
orchards and vineyards and stock ranches,
call on or send for catalogue. ROTHERMEL
& CO.. 607 California ot
200- ACRE Eel River farm; two houses; two
barns; Insured $5000: price $23,000. Call or
address W. T. BONSTELL, Eureka, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock lunches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMRDA REAL KSTATEL
ALAMEDA business property for sale; corner
. lot, 2 stores, dwellings above; a bargain. Ap-
ply owner. 1231 Park St.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
NEWLY furnished sunny rooma with board.
1541 Central ave.. Morton station, narrow
gauge.
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATES.'
MORAN A SWAIN.
Real Estate and Insurance,
2131 Shattuck ave.,
Opp. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1018 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL KSTATEL
$2800 — REDUCED from $3500: magnificent 6-
ronrn cottage; all large rooms; basement;
combination gas and electric fixtures;
mantel In dining-room and parlor; large
lot with driveway; flrst-clasn neighbor-
hood; only 27 minutes to San Francisco by
Key Route; terms, $200 cash and $33 per
month: to sea this place means to buy It,
as it is a much better place than this ad-
vertisement can describe.
J. 8. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
' A BNAP
$2250 only for a fine home'of 7 rooms; half
cash, balance on mortgage. P. C. LASSEN *
CO., 460 Tenth st, Oakland. Cal. >
$1060 WILL buy a nice 4-room cottage; easy
terms; location East Oakland. P. C. LASSEN
& CO.. 466 Tenth st., Oakland, Cal.
$200 CASH— New house, 6 , rooms, near Key
route station, Oakland; must have money at
once; a bargain. Owner. 16 Chronicle bd., S.F.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent— New house, 6 rooms; near Key
.; route. Key at 867 37th at... Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
WALSWORTH ave.. 410— Modern; piano; $38;
¦rare chance... Apply on premises.
TO-MORROW ths day for bargains in furnt-
. . tuie. . U.Schellhaaa. 11th st.cor.store.Oaklaad.
HELP WASTED — MALE — Conttnned.
A — MURRAY & READY. Phon* MalnBS4S.
C.4 and C36 Clay st. &K*« Phone Main.
L»idtnjr Kirpioyment and I.aKr Agents.
SPANISH— GERMAN— FRENCH.
ITALIAN— SWISS— GREEK,
NKVAPA STATE. EIGHT HOURS.
-¦."VERNMENT WORK— FREE FARE.
3<T. teamster*. $2 ard $2 50 day.
1 rillrrs. hanur.ermen. etc.. ?73 to $90.
Social shipment of 1 passenger car to-day.
ARIZONA— FLORENCE— ARIZONA.
1050 MILES— $10 60.
2 r;>ec:al passengers daliy over the Santa Fe.
"_." .' .*> men wanted.
Prillers, rockraen. teamsters, laborers, etc.,
$2. $5 «>. ?3 to $3 to day -
South — 406 miles— $4 06— South
f.JS teamsters, ycu'll ruit, $60.
TO THE LUMBER.
<T> laborers, no experience wanted. $60; team-
*:er. $50 and found; head donkcyman *.V> and
tound; 2 carriage setters; 10 Scandinavian
laborfrE.rawtnili company, $00; Bcr"w turners,
hock tenders, eflrermen, logger who under-
stands rigging. $60 and found; ehlngie pack-
ers, cutoff sawyer*, molder. sticker hand cut-
off sawyer run biring machine, $2.
OTHER TRADESMEN.
1* horseshoer*. all-round blacksmiths and
helpers, city and country Jobs, $4, $3 60. $3.
52 U> day.
fticker'hacd. $4.
'.& cocpers c'.ark wort, rorth end south.
» sarh and door hands. $3 to $3 50 day.
4 plumbers, $4 day.
185 WOODCHOPPERS, TIEMAKERS.
LABORERS— TKAMETERS. I
53 scraper and wagon teamsters. $2 23 day.
164 laborers, ail over California, some In San
Francisco. $2 and $2 60 a day.
3* harvest hands, sack eewers, pitchers, etc,
$2 day and found I
DAIRYMEN— STABLEMEN. j
€4 milkers, extra pood Jobs, cetr.e see. $S3, $40
and found.
19 stablemen, city asd country Jobs, $76, $60.
$«5 and found.
• 4S ehoremen and boys, different Jobs $33 !
and $30. i
MUPJIAY A READT, 634 and 63« Clay st.
A— MILKER and wife, north. California. $50
and found.
4 farmers and wlvea. $50. $60. $70 and found.
• MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay et.
A — HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Tamale maker. $40 and found.
12 cooke different places, $30 to $63 found.
V waiters, different plaeea. $30 to $40 found.
27 dishwashers. $25. $30, $35 and found.
Porters, be'.l and elevator boys, pantrymen.
MURRAY & READY. 6S4 and 636 Clay st
A— LAUNDRY—
Irontr fare $1. $12 week.
Mangle band, fare $1. $10 we»lc
SAWMILLS.
ro laborers for bawmill. no experience needed.
fare $2 CS, $35 and found.
I'larurer, Marin County, $4 daw.
A — 10 machine miners, gold mine, $90.
, Boss woodman, north, see boes here. $90 fd.
¦ r.*r. (o make shakes and split staves, red-
uoor>, l&rge firm, boss here, $30 and found.
• .. " pointers, city. $2 50 day.
Gang edgerman, sawmill, $75.
LOOK.
': Waiter, mine, $23 and fd.
Tallyn-.an, lumber Co.. $40 and fd.
Fireman and oiler, small mine, south. $23 fd.
? C lucber pliers, fCO; lumber grader, sugar
pine. $3 day.
OTHERS.
Kutcher. country shop, $40 fd.; 3 waiters.
Monterey hotel. $30 fd.
4 carpenters, ranch, fare $1. $40 fd.
'Mrpentcr, cabinet or stairbullder, $4 50 day.
. .". handy men to build barns, fched I and fences.
• lumber company, $75.
. Wheelwright, carriage works. $3 da/.
• Carting chipper, country foundry, tt 25 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay Bt
SPECIALS —
«"ook wife, country institution. $60 fd.
Cock. 10 men. camp, fare 35c, $30 fd.
•*ook, restaurant, tity. $40 and found.
.Man and wife, oil wells; man as laborer, wife
to run boarding-house, see boss here.
Bucksetter. country. $2 60 a day.
3 ttio-hcrse teamsters, Marin Co., $35 fd.
ENGINEER
STEAM SHOVEL.
- Engineer for steam shovel, $150 and found.
Crastsman, steam shovel, $100 and found.
BOSS HERE
• Cborerrian and wife, German or French, see
.-' l^« here. $00 and found.
Carpenter, mine, see boes here, $105.
* . OTHERS
Blacksmith, north, steady. $3 day.
Foreman' laundryman. $18 wetk.
Cock, email hotel, south, fare paid. $35 fd.
• Burty washer, country stable, $40 fd.
3 young men. city factory. $9 week.
Slaughter butcher, ranch. $30 fd.
Cock, Z> men. section-house. $23 fd.
WOODCHOPPERS.
MINE COMPANY.
: "5 men to chop wood for a big mine company,
. tools and provisions furnished. 3000 cords to
be rots this is a good layout.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
• WANTED for U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married tnen, between ages of 21 and 35:
citirecs cf the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
read and write English. For information
apply to Recruiting Officer. RiaJto building.
. New Montgomery st. Ean Francisco, or 1029
fcecoBd st, Sacramento. CaL
BOY 16 to IS years old to attend soda foun-
tain: muet live at home with parents; wages
$9 a week to begin- Inquire S10 Market
Ft. - a t 9 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS two-chair barber shop for eale,
cheap: must sell at once; call and make offer.
Box 2CU, Call cff.ee.
'BOY -wanted for factory work. Paciflo Shoe
Polishing Co., 217 Ellis et
MIDDLE-AGED man to open and clean sa-
loon. 405 Epear st
Ll'NCH waiter: small reetaurant 2S83 Mar-
ket st, near Sixteenth.
TOUNO man wanted In grocery store. 2100
Larkin m., cor. Vallejo.
STEADY waiter wanted; union hous*. CROSS"
Bakery, £17 Montgomery at.
BOY wanted at 24 Commercial et
BAKER'S helper wanted. 1S50 Church it
WANTED — Strong boy with experience in car-
riage shop. C8 Harrison st.
WANTED — Dishwasher. 28 Sacramento st
SOLICITOR wanted to cell wine to consumers
direct frcra vineyard. Box 2064, Call offlce.
BARBER wanted; one year's experience. 142
Eighth et.
BARBER wasted; steady Jcb; must ti first
class. 11M Flllmore itt
WANTED — A cashier with rood references. 29
Stockton ct.
BARBERS wanted all to be present at meet-
ing Monday evening, June 27; nominations
for delegate* to the convention will be hell
and all must attend. By order of the local.
JOS. R. BLEILY. Secretary.
ALL
Ven to learn tte BARBER TRADE: only
etarht weeks required: positions secured: con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. C35 Clay at.
WANTED — Salesman for men's furnishing:
goods department for city; one who has had
ior.g experirnce; elate whfre last employed
and salary expected. Box 1234. Call office.
¦WANTED — First-clas* boilermaker, not over
middle age. for position out of city; one ae-
rustomed to stationary and marine work.
Box 1344, Call office.
A NO. 1 traveler for wholesale seed house; ex-
perienced man; answer in own hand, giving
full references and experience. Box 1330,
' rail office.
WANTED — Man and wife to run chicken
ranch; first-class offer to right man: must
have experience and references. Addrees
box 1350. Call office.
HARBER trhop at transfer point; 1 chair; every-
thing first-class; nearest shop 3. blocks away;
•rill veil or rent; sickness cause of selling.
2216 Folsom St., opp. Preclta are.
BARBERS — Good shop in best country town in
' the F'.ttt for sale; Z chairs and bathe; good
side bucinesc DECKELMAN BROS., 109
Ellis st. |
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
thot Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
' added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
' 217 Th!rJ «t: 2S0 room*; 23 to £0c per night ¦
WANTED — First-class rnachir.!*t for out of
town wcrk; vtate age and experience. Box
1345. Call office.
TRY our men's fhoea. union made, at $1 and
$1 CO pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 Sd St.. Exam. bid.
BOY experienced in printing offlce. 643 Clay
street.
WANTED— A flrrt-rlass blaekemith helper; tx-
perienred. Corner San Bruno and Army sts.
IJARBERS— For sale, rood 2-chair barber shop.
Corner of Fourteenth and Folsom sts.
A profitable outing; pick hop* In August Write
E.CLEMENS HORET CO.,122B*ttery «t-,B.r.
POINT RICH3IOND REAL ESTATES.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Btege. on Santa Fe
and electric roads; land $300 per acre; lots
- 60x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings. $400 per acre: monthly payments;
- send for maps. etc. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. st.. S.F.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH 1224 — 4 sunny housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; private entrance,
yard; $16.
CALIFORNIA. 1426C— Two sunny, front house- ;
keeping rooms; gas and bath; reasonable.
CLAY. 1323. near Jones— Elegant new fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; must be seen
to be appreciated. '£.'•,:* '•
DEVISADERO, 1449. corner Geary— Nicely fur-
nished, sunny, connecting rooms; large
kitchen, porch, tubs; $10.
EDDY, 56S— Private house; large room; house-
keeping; fine yard; gas range and water.
EDDY. 890— Beautifully furnished, front, sunny
rooms; also attic rooms; separate entrance.
ELLIS, 825 — Parlor suite; single and double
rooms for housekeeping.
ELLIS, 603 — Basement floor with 2 suites; large
tunny rooms; complete; coal range; water.
ELLIS. 1174 — Handsome parlor suite, kitchen;
others, suite or single; modern; sunny; rea-
sonable.
FELL, 760. cor. Webster- — 3 sunny front rooms;
running water; reasonable rent
FIFTH, 322 — Three furnished rooms for house-
keeping In a nice, quiet bouse.
FOLSOM. 937 — 3 large sunny connecting rooms
for housekeeping; large yard; $16.
FOLSOM. 2612, near 22d — Two upper unfur- .
nished sunny front rooms; gas, bath; reason- ;
able. " • •
GUERRERO. 333—2 or 3 unfurnished house- \
keeping rooms; bath, laundry; no algn.
HAYES, 464— Furnished room* for light house-
keeping.
HOWARD. 737H— Manila House— Front single;
»unny; nicely furnished for housekeeping.
HOWARD. 212a near 17th— 2 furnished house-
keeplng rooms; gas range; running water; ;
* also single room.
HYDE, lOOuft, corner of Pin*— 3 sunny unfur-
nished housekeeping; rooms, $15; also fur-
. nlfhed bedroom. $5.
JACKSON. 1220, near Jones — Two or three
nicely furnished rooms for housekeeping.
JESSIE. 333— Large sunny front room, fur-
nished housekeeping; gas range, sink, $3 wk.
JONES, 215 — Sunny, newly papered suite; run-
ning water, gas; housekeeping; reasonable.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electrto lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LARKIN.1C07, cor.Post — The Cragburn. H. Bur-
llngame.prop.: rms.. single & hkpg.apartments.
LARKIN, 1058 — Sunny bay window front room
and kitchen for housekeeping; rent $15.
MCALLISTER, 553— Sunny front parlor, gas
range, hot bath, $12; suite. $7; adults.
OAK. 10 — 2 rooms complete lor housekeeping:
use of piano.
OAK 117. 638 McAllister— Rooms, complete:
$3 to $12: gas range, hot bath; adults.
O'FARRELL, 1395 — Nicely furnished sunny
front housekeeping suite in new cor, flat; $16.
PEARL. 3. corner Market— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms. $14; phone; no children.
PINE. 1310, near Hyde — Sunny unfurnished:
parlor floor; 3 rooms; grate, sink; adults; $20.
SIXTH, 2S3— .Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; gas ranges, water, phone. ¦
TURK, 533— Sunny front bay-window suite;
complete housekeeping.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3174— Sunny housekeeping
rooms; two or three; gas stove and bath.
TWENTY-SIXTH and Castro. 4212 — Sunny
fur. room; bath and use of kitchen.
UNION. 2204. cor. Flllmore — Three unfurnished
i housekeeping rooms; southern exposure.
VAN NESS 1400^-Nlce people can get best
rooms In town at lowest rent; $9 up.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch otflce. cor. Duncan It Church its.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened art 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
~~ -PAKTME1TT HOUSES.
ET CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness av<.—
The acme of perfection In modern, elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with private
baths, steam heat. el»;. light, elev.. gas raxge.
CHESTERFIELD, 637 Bush — New modern
house; 2-3-4 room apartments; convenient lo-
cation; reasonable. pjy;
EL CAMELLO, 1719 Washington— 2 to 6 room
apartments, newly furnished or unfurnished;
sunny; moderate.
gT. LAWRENCE. 1333 Mason — Just opened;
sunny modern 2. 3. 4 room apartments; fur-
nished or unfurnished.
ST. HILIARE Apartments, 1523 Laguna St.,
near Geary — Just opened, new, modern house.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson Bt. — Modern 3-4-9
rooms; furn. or unfnrn. : refs. Tel. East 1350.
ROOMS TO LET— Fora, sta d Untcr m.
HOTEL REX.
242 TURK ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
PHONE PRIV. EX. 660. -
NEW FIRE.PROOF BUILDING.
16S ROOMS; ELEGANTLY FUR-
NISHED SUNNY SUITS. WITH
PRIVATE BATH; ALSO SINGLE
ROOMS: THOROUGHLY MOD-
ERN AND UP TO DATE: TELE-
PHONES IN ALL ROOMS: ELEC-
TRIC LIGHTS; STEAM HEAT.
ELEVATOR SERVICE DAY AND NIGHT.
SPECIAL RATES TO TOURISTS
AND TRAVELING SALESMEN.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 23 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night
aIbHBOURNE, 763 Market, opp. Phelan bldg. —
Fine front suites; large and small single;
central. ¦':?,¦-¦
AT 'The Almonte," 873 Market it. (or No. 1
Fifth st)— Rooma. 23c. 60c. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nlshcd rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1705 — Nice quiet furnished rooms, ault-
able tor S gentlemen; baths; $10; cheap.
CALIFORNIA, 2304, nr. Webster— Two nicely
furnished sunny rooms; gas; bath; rent $3-
$10. -
CLAY. 1437 — Two or three nicely ' furnished
rooms, all connected, en suite or singly, with
running water and bath.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished aunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DUFFERIN (The). 749 Ellis — Newly furnished
bathroom suites; also, single rooms; $12 up;
electric light; elevator; steam heat.
ELLIS. 1374 — Sunny front parlor, $l«; sunny
front room, $8: modern flat; gentlemen.
FILLMORE, 1007, cor. McAllister — Nicely fur-
nished corner room, suitable for 2 gentle'
men; bath; modern. . .". -i,
FOURTH, 497 — Furnished and unfurnished
room* to let.
FRANKLIN, 108— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms to rent: reasonable.
FRANKLIN, 721. near. G. G. ave. — 8unny fur-
nished front room: all conveniences; for 2,$12.
GEARY, 664 — Newly furnished rooms; elect ria
light, bath, gas, phone; reasonable.
GEARY, 664 — Newly furnished rooma. —
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33a
• to $1 25 night; $1 60 to $6 wk.; reading -nn.
GRENOBLE, 603 Bush, cor. Stockton — Elegant-
ly furn. sunny rms. 1 ; single $3 up; suites
»Uup.
HARTFORD, 70. near Seventeenth— 2 larso un-
furnished sunny front rooms for housekeeping
in new flat
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-'
nlshed suites and slngla rooms.
HOWARD, 737 V,— Nicely furnished rooms for
. gentlemen; from $1 SO up.
HOWARD. 1340. bet. 11th and 12th— Five
large rooms; bath; wash tubs; rent $22 50.
HOWARD. 1719 — Large sunny room, furnished:
piano, etc.; or two rooms for housekeeping.
| MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE — Con.
BK1TANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition. 31
vf.Is. KING'S, til McAllister St.. nr. Market.
.EDISON riwnograph Agency. Peter Bad*
: Kalupl, moved to 7s0 Mission st.
i ROUND campirg t<*nts for sale; eh?ap; some
naw; lGxlO. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
AfK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
ninkes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
I SAFES and each registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO., 122 Mkt
SAFE."— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
j bargains. Hullard & Breck, 131 Pest Et.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& go.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
ail sizeF. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dross - suits, etc.; send
postal cnr< i. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton ft.
A— MOIIR1S gives highest prices for ladles' and
gents' castorr clothing; postal. !)43 Foltsom.
HIGHEST pr!e<? paid for castoft clothing. TeT.
Davis S25; W>0 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 3th St.; tel. Jessie 2851. ,
j DESKS bought, sold And exchanged. T. • D.
: McCarthy Co., 872 Mission; phone Bush 467.
j. — ' r ==»
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-CU2-6U3 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
I Save expenses by dealing directly.
I Estatea. second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life es'ates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment, j Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOAN'S^
Money loaned salarlel people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453. Parrott, bldg.
AAA— Interest 6 per cent (read Sunday papers).
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK
...City Oakland, Town, Country Eroperty...
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (city agents).
107-8 Crocker building— Post-Market sts.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 23 Stockton: phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
CONFIDENTIAL loans to salaried people: dia-
monds, other securities. Room 336. Phelan
building. Mh floor. (-
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity: $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious ntones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
'life insurance policies, etc United Loon and
Trust Co., 21 Btockton st
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual -Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral 'Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. IO3 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
3',c ON furniture & pianos; ?15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy et.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1C03 Mutual
Savings Bark building, 708 Market st
1% PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING, 616 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent
CASH loaned salaried pe°pl* on notes without
indorser. MORELL. BOO Examiner building.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos, both
new and second-hand, from $2 50 per month
upward. We have at this time some splendid
bargains for piano purchasers. Give us a
call. We can assure you prompt, courteous
and liberal treatment. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5eO-C2-64 Hayes st
A FEW good uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such makes as Chlckering, Vose,
Stelnway. Stcck. Sterling, Curtaz, Neuman,
Erard, Haines and many others; prices rea-
sonable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $133. 237 Geary st
AT firewood prices : unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Whtteheau'B storage, 1636 Mkt
$G0 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
calt at HORNUNG'S. 210 McAllister.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $35.
KTATHAM, 110 McAllister st '
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
$1C5 — STEINWAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister St.
S-PEDAL Stelnway" up; Chlckering baby grand;
¦ Fhonirg»>r. little used. K»*en>'8. 2S5 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
POWELL, 143, near corner O'Farrell— Splendid
offices to let; also ground floor; best location.
STORE to let; suitable for any business; good
location. 1348 Valencia St.
STENZIE — The most wonderful and effective
dcrmatological preparation ever placed before
the public; will positively remove by the
roots any growth of superfluous hair that can
be presented; will not injure the moat del-
icate *kln. Sold and applied at ,
BTENZ1H PARLORS, .'!20 ELLIS ST.
Goldstein & Cohn's. 822 Market St.
And at Marvin's Hair Store. Oakland. Cal.
A SUIT or overcoat. Including one extra pants
free, made to order for $16; why buy on In-
stallments er ready made if you can get bar-
gains like this? Agent wanted. LEON
LEMOS, 1127 Market st. bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
ecre throut. etc. Sold by all druggists for
over i'O years; price 00c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL *: BROWN. 32 Turk st, 8. F.
THE Ftar Hair Remedy restores gray hair lm-
proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness-
cleanses scalp; at drugglsts'.hairdreesers 1 ; ao-
cept no eubstltute. Star RemedyCo.,1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled xpeclallst from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 323 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varlcoceln,
etc.; easily worn: $2 60 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary, 8.F.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 00 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE. CO.. 840 Post et, near Powell.
GO to "The Launston," 110 Eddy st. for nice,
quiet rooms and low prices.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Mr».Dr.A.W.Travera.U70 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 8524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist 369 Sut-
ter, r. 600. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
¦ 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.C. - II. Kochncke (owner) with* E. C. Read
(contractor), plans by. owner — All work for a
story and a naif frame building on lot on W
line of Forty-eighth avenue, 237:6 a of K
street. S 25 by W 120, O. L. 816; 12500.
Angelo Balocchl (owner) with Charles J. U.
Koenlg (contractor), architect D. C. Coleman —
All work for a two-story frame building on
lot on S line of Henry street. 255 W of San*
chez, W 25 by B 115, M. B. 101; 14763.
Builders* Contracts.
MONDAY. JUNE 27.
Sun rises ..4:4!)
Kiin sets 7:35
Moon rises 0:00 p. m.
« iTimel J jTlme] ITlme Time
p. I f Ft. I Ft. I Ft. Ft.
g |L W( iH'sWf [L W [H W
20 4:28—0.7 11:30 4.6 3:56 2.9 10:16 6 9
27 6:11—0.8 12:18 4.6 4:42 2.9 10:57 5.8
28 5:52 — 0.8 1:00 4.7 5:22 3.111:36 5.5
29 6:30—0.6 1:44 4.8 0:12 3 2
. ' H W L W H W L*W *""*
30 0:15 5.2 7:07—0.3 2:25 4.8 7:02 3 2
1 0:50 4.7 7:44 '0.1 3:03 4.8 7:52 32
2 1:40 4.3 8:18 0.5 3:38| 4.8 8:46 " 3!2
NOTE — In tho above exposition of . the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column . and the successive tides ; of th»
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last, tide of the
day, except when. there are but three tides J as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are' In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is tho mean
of tha lower low waters.
Sunday, June 26..
Rtmr Scotia, Johnson, 13 hours from Bovrcns
Landing.
Stmr Coos Bay. Johnson. : 59 hours from San
Pedro. :;¦' ,
Stmr .Arcata, . Nelson, 51 houra from Coos
Bay.
Stmr City of Panama.' Porter. -25 days 10
hours and 25 minutes from Panama, via San
Bias 6 days 10 hours and 45 minutes. ¦ - •
Stmr South Bay. Jamleson; 44 . hours from
Eureka; bound south; put In for orders, with
Btmr . Northland in tow. \
Btmr Northland (new). Cousins. 44 houra
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
Frank Peters, puperintendinjr\ engineer of
Peterson's boathouse, who was struck on the
head Friday by falling timber and Injured,
will be able to resume work to-day.
Peters Has Recovered.
Contested Game of Gaelic Football.
A crowd which packed grand stand
and bleachers at the Presidio Athletic
Grounds yesterday witnessed an excel
lent game of Gaelic football between
the Parnells and the Occidentals' pick
ed teams of the Gaelic League and the
Scotch organizations. So evenly match
ed were the Jteams that neither side
was able to *tnake a clean goal, al
though the ball remained within the
lines of the Parnells during the greater
portion of both halves.
During the second half two of tho
players were knocked out temporarily,
but managed to recuperate and resuire
their positions without leaving the field.
An altercation between one cf th3
judges and a player toward the close
of the game caused a scrimmage which
threatened to be serious, but was
smoothed over with no damage done.
The teams were made up as follows:
Occidentals— Fay. Lyilon. Shand E. Fay.
Taylor. Smith. P, Far. Lees, Otarner. Turner.
HarwfKxl. Mathespn. McGraw, Michaels. Rush
ton. . McCarthy. Taylor.
Parnells^ — Barrett. Curran, J. Murphv.
O'Brien. Allen. Barry. Corkery. Ryan Sullivan
Mclnerney. E. Murphy. Twomey, Galvln, P.
Scanlon, J. Scaalon, Daly, Ilarrlgaa.
Defeat the Occidentals In a Closely
PARNELLS THE WINNERS.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission- street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
>t tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
The ."Wisconsin eight and four ap
peared on the river at 6 o'clock to-night
and paddled along the river front a
couple of miles. They made a decided
ly favorable impression. The other
crews rested.
.To-morrow all will take their last
practice before the races on Tuesday.
Coach Courtney said to-nlRht that
the two substitutes brought from Itha
ca are not in shape for the race, and
that he has no alternative but to have
two of his men row in both the varsity
and four-oared races. The men selected
for this task are Edward Foote. who
was trained to stroke the four, and his
cousin, George Foote, who rows No. 4
in the big eight. Besides Coffin, Forbes
of he varsity four is ill and George
Foote will take his place.
POTJGHKEEPSIE. N. T.; June 26.—
Captain Coffin of the Cornell crew, ac
companied by Manager Alrich, came to
this city to-day and entered a private
sanitarium, where he is in bed with
fever. His trouble is nothing more se
rious than malaria, but hia condition ia
such that it will be some time before
he can cleave the hospital. Coffin
stroked the victorious Cornell eight
last year. He stroked the crew the
early part of this year and was regard
ed as one of the strongest oarsmen In
the boat.
CAPTAIN OF CORXEXTi CREW
IS STRICKEN WITH FEVER
(12Oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 26—5 p. m.
' THE COAST RBCORD. '
a k 2 o w m
.3 3g32 3= » o w
6TAT1ONS. £ »=5§ 33 =J"* S
Raker 30.00 80 48 N Clear Too
Carson 2!).8rt 84 4« W Pt.Cldy .00
Kureka 30.00 . SS 43 NW Clear .00
Fresno 20.70 104 62 NW Clear .00
8. E.Farallon.29.87 56" 50 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 20.86 76 .. N Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello . ...2!>. 02 80 40 SW Clear .00
Independence .20.78 IK) C2 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 2!».8« 70 5(1 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.2».K7 8t C.7 NW Clear .0i>
North Head... 30. 16 54 48 NW Foggy .00
Phoenix 29.H8 1M 70 SW Clear .no
Point Reyes.'.2!>.81 58 47 NW Foggy .00
Portland 30.02 82 54 NW Clear AX)
Red Dluff 20. 76 102 7l> N Clear .00
Roseburg ....30.00 8ti 48 N Clear .00
1 Sacramento ..23.7*5 96 62 NW Clear .0i)
Salt Lake 29.94 78 ¦ B2 N Clear .0O
San Franclsco.29.S6 64 48 W Clear .00
S. L. Obtspo.. 29.64 74 50 SW Clear .0i>
San Diego 2!). 84 68 60 W Clear .0O
Seattle 30.12 78 52 NW Clear ¦ .00
Spokane 20.92 84 52 W Clear .00
Tatoosh .....' 4S .«)0
Walla Wnlla..29.!)4 90 58 NW Clear .Of)
Winnemucca .29.90 ¦ 86 46 NW Clear .00
Yuma 29.66 102 «8 SW Clrar .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND j GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair .weather prevails over the Pacific Slope.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
Plateau and Rocky Mountain regions and risen
slightly along the northern coast. An area
of high pressure Is central off the Washington
coast, while a depression overlies the central
valleys of California and Arizona.
The temperature has risen over the Interior.
In the great valley of California It is from 12
to 14 degrees above the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, June 27:
. Northern. California — Fair Monday; light
northwest wind. .
Southern California— Fair Monday: ' light
west wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday. _>
San Francisco nni vicinity — Fair Monday;
fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
Harry Anderson. IJvlng at 8C8 Folsom street,
was run over by a inotor bicycle ridden by R.
Champion of 2622 ttush street.. The accident
happened at the corner of Market and Second
utreets. ! Anderson was knocked flat by the
wheelman and received Bom^ bruises on the
thigh and back and some half-dozen scratches.
Ho hobbled down to the Harbor .Emergency
Hospital, where his wounds were dressed.
Champion .waited \t the hospital until Ander
son was patched up and then they went away
together to drown their troubles -In an amica
ble fashion. . -': -<¦»•>-.:.=;
The schooner Webfoot returned to port yes
terday In a leaking condition. Captain Lewis
reports that on Th'ireday, June 23, when Ia
latitude 41.40 north and longitude 125.20
west, he ran Into a heavy northwest gale,
which caused the vtsscl to spring a leak. As
the pumps were unable to keep the water
down, he decided to put back to this port.
She will go on the drydock-to ascertain th»
extent of her darnares. She left here in bal
last June 9 for. Coos Bay.
Knocked Down by Bicycle.
Webfoot Returns Leaking.
The members of the Eppinger Jury, In
charce of the Sheriff, were taken for an out-
Ing Saturday afternoon In Henry Petirson's
launch Sybil. They steamed down the bay to
Fort Point and Hunters Point, where they
cast lines and causht a number of - fish. At
one period of the fUjhing one of the Jurymen
gave a great ehout. yelling that he had a big
fish on his hook, and asked for help to haul
the monster In. All hands fell to, and with a
mighty Jerk they attempted to land the fish.
The line snapped In two and then the discov
ery was made it had been fast to a rock all
the time.
During the trip the party went, to see the
Algoa, now In the dock at Hunters Point.
Eppingcr Jury Goes Fishing.
Weather Report.
Marshall A. and Ada B Newell to Albert
Meyer, lot en E line of Van Ness avenue. SU:8
S of Green street. S 39:7 by E 68; $10.
City and County of Kan Francisco to Mar
garetha K. Scijroder, lot on NW corner of
G«>ary and Buchanan streets, W 27:6 by N
3C0: $ .
Benjamin Lewis and Harriet M. Williams
to EliMbfth H. Rf tsUrf. lot on N !|ne of Jack
son Street. 110 E of Devisadero, E 27:6 by N
127:Si, : jio.
Hlbcrnla Savings and Loan Society to George
| TV. Ui:tton, lot on S line of Green street. ltS>
W of Baker. W 5<i by a 125; J2600.
Nathan T., Mary P. and Mary L. Smith to
, John Catsarotto, lot on f\V line of Dore Htreet,
j 125 NW of Foleom. NW Trf) by SW S5; $10.
, Joseph N. Noriega to Manuel and Frances
; Noriega, lot on E linp of Hartford street, 87:4
i S of Seventeenth. S 25 by K 125; $10.
George and Stella M. Levlston to John P.
Crewalia. lot on K line of Howard street, 125
i 8 of Seventeenth. S 24 by E 122:<j; $5.
Churchill Taylor et al. to August and Tony
Klu«>g«l. lot on W line of Church street, 225
I N of Fourteenth, N 30 by W 125; $lf>.
Estate of L'avid R. Jones (by CharIes,C. B»
! mis. esecutor) to Rafn-.us Rasmuzspn, lot on N
I line of Army street, 221 E of Church, E 25 by
I N 114; *35O.
Saurent Cameto to Clariese Cameto. let on E
! line of Stockton street, 50 S of Francisco, S 25
i by B 77:6; $10C0.
Elizabeth W. Carpenter to William C. La
tham, lot on NE corner of Seventeenth avenue
and California street. H 74:5. NE 00:09. SE
11:6. S 88:7, W 66: also lot on W line of Bev
entwnth ai-rnue. 153:11 N of Clement utreet.
! N 25 by 120; ali>o lot 3. block 107. UnlverRlty
Homestead: also lots 40 to 43, block 40, City
' Land Association: $10.
William C. Latham to Owen M. Brennan. lot
! on NE corner of Seventeenth avenue and Cali
fornia street. N 74:5, XB 60:9. SE 11:6, S 8S:7.
TV 66. and all interest In outside land block 87:
$10.
George E. Bates to O. M. Brennan, undivided
quarter or lot on N line of California 6treet,
f-6 E of Seventeenth avenue, N 88:7, SE 113 :«.
W 70:10, and all interest in outside land block
S7: $1S7.
A. C. PYcemaji to same, game; $750.
John and Isabell Forsyth to Rosa Constant,
lot on W line of Third avenue, 225 N of Point
Lobos. N 50 by W 120; $10.
Charles J. end Mary B. Ellis to William E.
I-utz. lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 250 N of
Point Lobos, E 120 by N 50; $10
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Esther A.
Munfiell, lot on E line of Second avenue 175 N
of C street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Albert J. Yost to Josephine V. Yest. lot on
W line of Eighth avenue. 175 S of H strest.
S 25 by W 120: also lot on W line of Forty
eiphth avenue, 112:6 N of K street, N 50 by W
120. quitclaim deed; $1800.
Gustavus or Gustave Kaakell to Selma Ka»
kell. lot on S line of Broad avenue 395 K of
Plymouth street, E 25 by R 125. lot 3, block H.
Railroad Homestead Association; also lot on S
line of Minerva street, 425 W of Plymouth. W
25 by S 125. lot 2. block P. samefgltt.
John A. Drinkhouse to Frederick R. I>rink
hcuw. lots 22 and 23. block SC, City Land As
sociation; also lot on NE corner of Berlin and
Irving streets, N 50 by E 120, lot 16, block 22,
Paul Tract: also lot on S line of Rutledce
street 25 W of California avenue, S 75 by W
25. lot 22. Harris' map 2. Precita Valley; alro
. lot on SW corner o? California and Rutledge
avenues. W 25 by S 75. lot 21. same; also lot
on N corner of Ninth avenue and H ntreet, NW
75 by NE 100, lot 16. block 161, South San
Francisco Homesjeatl Association; also lots 2.
4 and 5. block 8. Excelsior Homestead AFsocla-
Uon; also lots l'i:i and 15C5. gift map 3; also
lot on N line of Thrift street, 355 W of Capitol
W 25 by N 125. lot 17. block X. Railroad
Homestead Association No. 2; $10.
Frederick R. and Alma E. Drinkhouse to
Jr«hn A. Drinkhouse. lot 47. block 23, lot '38
block 41. lot 26, block 39. lot 4«. block 30, City
Land Association; also. lots 1771 and 1772. Gift
Map .TT*al*o lots on SE line of Beacon street
74.9H fiW of Even-on. SW 2811%.- SE 194.2V'.'
NE 27.»1». NY/ 197.2H. lot 97. block ST.. Falf
mourit Land Association; also lot on NE 1in«
of Manitoba <El«>vent*-> etreet. 100 NW of F
NW 125 byNE J00, £lock 201. South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion: also lot on NE line of Sixteenth avenue
225 SE of J street. SE 75 by NE 100. block
311, pame; also lot on NE line of Ninth ave
nue, 275 SE of B street. SK 60 by NE 100
block 154, same: alf.o lot on W line of Twenty
ninth avenue. 150 N or V street, N 25 by-W
120; r\%o lots 10 to IH. .block 23. City Land As
*o«-ip.tlon: al»-> lot :!«?. Gift Map 4: alt^ lot on
SE corner of Cortland p venue and Moultrle
street. K 30:0'4. S 5S:6»4, W 30:0% N M-ll*i
Gift Map 2; $10. Jit *\
¦ . Julius O. Rtl« to Michate M. Hale, lot 40
block 2.1. Rels Tract; grant.
Estate of Ludwlg Altschul, by Richard-Alt
f=chul. executor, to Harry W. Bradley lota
J515 and 1516. Gift Map 3; $100.
Harry W. Bradley to Florence A. Stone (wife
ef Bert W.), same; $10.
SATURDAY, JUNE M,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ¦ From. Due.
Arcata.'. Coos Bay & Pt Orford. June 27
Breakwater.. Coos Bay June 27
Sierra • Sydney & Way Port*.. June 27
St. Paul Nome &, St. Michael.. June 27
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. June 27
Chehalis San Pedro June 27
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma June 28
Curacao Mexican Ports . * June 28
Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria June "S
Porno Point Arena & Albion. June 23
Corona Humboldt June 28
Elizabeth Coqullle River June 28
S.Barbara... Grays Harbor June 29
Del Norte Crescent City June 23
Acapuico New York via Panama. June 29
Bonita Newport <t Way Ports. June 29
Ctntralla San Pedro June 30
Eureka Humboldt June 20
Argo .'• Eel River Ports June 30
Korea China & Japan June 3d
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports June 30
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena June 30
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. June 30
Pomona Humboldt June 31
Gaelic China & Japan....*.... July 2
Santa Monica Grays Harbor .... July 3
Oooa Hay San Pedro & Way Pts. July 3
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor July 3
North Fork... Humboldt July 3
Columbia Portland & Astoria July 3
Bequola Willapa Harbor July 4
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... July B
Centennial. <: Seattle & Tacoma July 5
Alliance.. I... Portland &. Way Ports. July 6
S. Dollar Hakodate July S
• . TO SAIL. '
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier. ,
Juno 27.
Rainier..... Seattle & BUngham 4 pm Pier 10
Redondo ABtorla & Portland 6 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Pomona.... Ilamboldt l:30pPler »
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
San Jose...- N. Y via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Chehalis.... Grays Harbor. > 3 pm Pier 2
Jane 38. I
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. I 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Jane 39.
S. Barbara. Lob Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
N»varian. .. Honolulu & K'hulul >3 pm Pier 2'!
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct.... 6 pm Pier S
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Jiuio 30.
Centralla... Grays Harbar 4 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt l:30pPJer 9
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 -pm Pier 10
Pomo ¦ Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal Ean Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Elizabeth... Coqullle River S pm Pier 20
July 1.
Costa Rica. Astoria & Portland 11 am|Pler 24
July a.
Argo Kel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
City Panam N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Jeanla Seattle & Tacoma. & pm Pier 20
July 5.
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports Pier —
July 7. |
Sierra Sydney & Way.... *2 pmjPIer 7
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am|Pler 1 1
" FROM SEATTLE.
8ttamer. Destination. Sails.
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. June 37
, Karallon Skagway & Way Ports. June 28
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. June 30
DIrlgo Skagway & Way Ports. July 1
Kxcelslor Valdes & Way Ports.. July 1
Senator Nome July 3
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael.. July 6
Mrs. Quinn at first refused to discuss
the publication that has subjected her
to much humiliation, but she finally
said:
Charlie and I went from San Francisco di
rect to Chicagoi. The first two weeks -ther*
we spent at the Auditorium, Annex and then*
moved Into a flat at 5731 Madron avenue, w »
Intended to spend the summer there and re
turn to San Francisco next wtnter. We wer»
nev»r near St. Louis. My ohject In comlnjr
back here now Is to right the wrong that has
been done me. I think this Is due to my fam
ily and friends. a« well as myself.
So far from there ever having been any
trouble between my husband and myself, tfi*
truth Is that wo have never had a cross woni
during our married life. We are most happy
together, I assure you.
Referring to the possibility of his
bringing an action for libel against
those responsible for the story. Quinn
said he was not ready to make a state
ment on that subject, but he added
that thsre was a purpose In his hurried
trip with his wife to San Francisco and
that he would probably make it known
in a few days.
In Chicago I have- a host of friends, among
them many prominent men. any of whom
could have quickly disproved any rumor or
suspicion that my wife and I had separated
or that she was Involved in any disagreeable
affair In St. Louis, for they all knew that w»
were living happily In Chicago and; wer«
dally seen together at hoteK places of amuse
ment and .on the main thoroughfares. la
this city relatives of my wife discredited th»
story published from St. Louis, but the paper
that printed It refused to heed their denials.
The friends of Charles J. Quinn, the
well-known young horsemen, whose
wife, formerly Miss. Mabel K. Hopkins
of this city, w.as recently made the ob
ject of a bitter attack in connection
with a sensational story from St. Louis,
are curious as to what action he pur
poses to take to refute the charses pub
lished against her. Since his arrival
here Saturday night Quinn has been in
consultation with a member of a lead-
Ing local legal firm, and it is generally
understood that he will carry the mat
ter into the courts in a few days.
"When seen at his apartments at the
St. Francis last evening Quinn. in the
presence of his young wife and her
mother, who have not wholly recovered
from the shock of the notoriety thrust
upon Mrs. Quinn, said that he was not
yet prepared to discuss for publication
his proposed plan of action, but he add
ed that he would not permit the. unjus
tifiable attack on his wife to pass un
heeded. The confounding of his wife
with a woman of a similar name who
attempted suicide in St. Louis a week
ago Quinn Insists was the result of in
excusable carelessness. lift said:
Mrs. Quinn and I left San Francisco early In
May for Chicago, where we have been llvlns
ever since. It ts hard for us to conceive hovr
cur names should have been ¦ connected with
the rtory. Wf could easily have been found ia
Chicago at any time. As soon as I was ad
vised of the slanderous stcrry I ImmerUafly
placed myself In communication with frienda
tn St. Louis and had no difficulty in establish
ing tha Identity of the real woman In the ca.-»«
and all the facts connected with her family:
troubles.
Movements of Steamers.
Charles Quinn Indignantly
Eefutes the Sensational
Story Sent From the East
WILL PROTECT
WIFE'S HONOR
The following vessels are quoted for rein
surance as under:
Juteopolls, Bixty-three flays from New York
to Penang, 7 per cent.
IVynford. fifty-nine days from ICew York to
Shanghai. l.*> »er cent.
Queen Elizabeth, seventy days from New
York to Hongkong. 7 per cent.
La Rochefoucauld, sixty-seven days from
New York to Shanghai, 7 per cent.
I^argo Law, sixty-three days from Philadel
phia to Fremantle. 7 per cent.
Willy Rickmers, nfty-nine days from Phila
delphia to Nacasaki. 7 per cent.
Parknook. J32 days from Chlttagong to
Trinidad, SO per cent.
Laura. 14D days from Newcastle, Australia,
to Tocopilla, 80 per cent.
Overdues.
The transport Dix is scheduled to sail from
here to Manila on July 15. She will take a
valuable cargo of livestock for the Govern
ment, resembling in a measure a juvenile
Noah's Ark. ft will consist of seven highly
bred etalliuns and two magnincrnt Arab mares
purchased in Boston, two riding ponies be
longing to the new Philippine Commission,
two thoroughbred Lexington (Ky.) stallions,
forty full blood Lexington (Ky.) mares, fifty
nine mules, forty-four fine brood mares, thirty
geldings, thirty broken cow ponies from Mex
ico, sixty espfcially selected Jersey cows and
one Holstcln bull from Hlarksvilk-, Mo. Also
five milch cows for the Benguet Sanitarium.
Dr. Casey, the veterinary surgeon, will go
with this thipraont, which is valued somewhere
in tbe vicinity of $75,000.
Henry P- Ford, the Government transporta
tion agent, will be the "Noah" of the party
and will have charge of the whole outfit. Ha
expects to have no trouble in landing the con
signment intact in Manila. On hix lajst trip
out on the Disc he took 230 mules and did not
lote one on the voyage. Tha mules- were
fhlpped from the Kast to this port, and from
the initial point of shipment up to the time
they were put on the transport six died.
Juvenile Xoah's Ark.
The Facifls Mail Steamship Company's
steamer City of Panama, Captain Wi P. S.
Porter, arrived from Panama yesterday morn-
Ing and docked at section 2 of the seawall.
She was unable to go to her own wharf on
account of the Immense amount of freight on
that wharf recently discharged from the Algoa
and other steamers belonging to that com
pany. ¦ .
She brought a miscellaneous cargo of freight,
consisting of 12.101 packages In all. Including
cofTee, sugar, fruits and alligator skins. She
also brought en her decks about 500 parrots of
all kinds, sizes and colors. Some were in big
cases, some in little cages, while a whole lot
of the tamer ones who had their wings clipped
hepped and Jumped about the decks and
climbed around in the rigging. They made a
great chattering and squawking and naturally
attracted a lot of attention and interest from
the crowd of onlookers on the dock.
She was 25 days JO hours and 45 minutes
from Panan'-a and 6 days ljf hours and 45
minutes from San Bias.
Her cabin passengers were Louis Kenzel,
Mrs. Frieda Kenzel. Hilda Kenzel, Mrs.
Emelia Huopfel. Fred Liebhardt, George Lang
hoff, Carlos Aoya and Mrs. Julia Payne Stell.
City of Panama Arrives.
Mrs. Phoebe Pond Passes Away.
Mrs. Phoebe Painter Pond, the
young and beautiful wife of Dr. Gard
ner Perry Pond, died on June 25 at
Campbell, Santa Clara County. The
young couple had only been married
a few years and the death of the wife
comes as a severe blow to the husband.
Mrs. Pond was Miss Phoebe Painter,
granddaughter of the late D. J.
Staples and a niece of Mrs. K. S.
Yeamans. Dr. Pond is the son of the
Rev. W. C. Pond of Bethany Church.
The funeral will take place from their
home in Campbell.
Mgr. Guidi was sent to the Philip
pine Islands nearly two years ago as
the representative of the Vatican in the
negotiations with the Philippine Com
missioners for the sale of the friar
lands to the American Government. An
agreement was reached early in De
cember last by Governor Taft and the
friars. The settlement provided for the
purchase of 403,000 acres, comprising all
of the friar lands in the Philippines.
The price paid for the lands was $7,
250,000.
MANILA. June 26.— Mgrr. Guidl.
Apostolic Delegate to the Philippine
Islands, died to-day of heart failure.
The funeral will take place here next
Friday and the remains will be in
terred two months later at Rome.
DEATH CALLS
PRELATE FROM
HIS LABORS
from Eureka, In tow of stmr South Bay.
Stmr Mariposa Rennie, 11 days 18 hours and
05 minutes from Tahiti.
• Stmr Whltesboro. Fredrlcksen 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Gipsy Leland. 19 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 3 hours from Half
moon n Bay. .
Stnir Arctic. Nelson, 24 hours from Eureka.
Schr Conflanza, Johnson, 15 hours from Not
leys Landing.
Schr Camano, Saxe, 8 days from Port
Gamble.
SAILED.
J-unday, June .6.
Ktmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
. Ktmr F A Kllburn. . Jahnsen, Rodgers
Landing.
Ptmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, Eureka.
Stmr San Pedro. Rasmussen. San Pedro.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr South Bay, Jamleson, Santa Barbara.
Bktn Tarn O'Shanter. Simmfe, Coos Bay.
Bktn Coror.ado, Potter, Honolulu.
Schr Ida A. Campbell, Point Reyes.
RETURNED. .
Sunday, June 26.
Echr Webfoot. Lewis, hence June 9 for Coos
Bay. on account of springing leak.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 26. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind 8W; velocity 10 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Per Ital wax stmr LIguria. no date — 4 miles
off Tahiti, Ger bark Hercules, from Rlatea.
for Papeete.'
Per stmr Victoria, June 18 — Off Cape Mo
hican, barge Dashing Wave, from Tacoma, for
Nome, In tow of stmr Ellhu Thomson, and not
barge Tidal Wave.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived June 25 — Stmr Excel
sior, from Valdez.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed June 25— Bktn J
M Griffith, for San Pedro
COOS BAY— Sailed June 25— Stmr Break
water, for San Francisco.
BANDON— Arrived June 25— Stmr Eliza
beth, hence June 22.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed June 2ft— Stmr
State of California, for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Sailed June 26 — Stmr Alliance,
for Coos Bay; etmrs Mandalay, Premiss and
Brunswick for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Sailed June 2&— Schr F E
Sanders, for San Francisco; stmr Santa Bar
bara, for San Francisco. •
FOREIGN PORTS.
TAHITI — Arrived June 21— Ital war stmr
Liguria, from Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 2t$ — Stmr Furne
sia, from Glasgow and Moville; stmr Ger
manic, from Southampton and Cherbourg: etmr
La Champagne, from Havre; stmr Moltke,
from Hamburg. Southampton and Cherbourg;
Btmr Peruvia. from Leghorn arid Naples.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived June 26 — Stmr Corin
thian, from Montreal, for Glasgow; etmr Ba
varian, from Montreal, via Moville.
• Sailed June US — Stmr Siberian, from Glas
gow for St Johns and Philadelphia.
LONDON — Sailed June 20 — Stmr Mlnnehaha,
for New York. .
They an> suggestions to the Legislature,
which we think are all that can be made by a
body like the road convention, and even if
adopted by the Legislature - It would remain
for that body, containing representatives from
all parts of the State to provide details and
make a harmonious law of it. adapted to all
parts of our great State. Respectfully sub
mitted,
THEODORK WAGXER (Chairman).
THOMAS JOHNSON.
ItEED BROWN CHERINGTOK.
ROBERT P. HILL.
VT. I* ASHE (Committee).
Eighth — That for the purpose of gradually
bringing existing roads to the standards and
requirements adopted the law requtre a certain
minimum proportion of road funds colle<ied to
be expended only for permanent Improvement
thereon until such roads are brought up to
such standards.
These are the fundamental features of a
new road law which we recommend.
Third — That local roads shall be under th«
control of a board of three trustees In each
road district, elected as school trustees are
now elected, who shall employ a road overseer
for su;h district In a similar manner as school
trustees employ a teacher.
The construction, repair and maintenance
of! local roads shall be under the Immediate
control of the road trustees and overseers of
the several road districts under the treneral
supervision of the County Board of Road Com
missioners and County Road Superintendent.
For the construction, repair and maintenance
of local roads, local taxes shall bo levied and
collected In the respective districts uvxin esti
mates furulslK-d by such local trustees within
the limits to be prescribed by law.
Fourtli — That there shall be in each county
a County Board of Road Commissioners and
a County Road Superintendent, who must be
a properly qualified civil engineer.
That such County Road Commissioners b«
elected by the qualified electors of the county
at large, and that those first elected shall
hold otflvs for two, four and six years, re
spectively, and thereafter one to be elected at
each general election and hold office for six
years, and that the County Road Superintend
ent shall be elected by the Board of Super
visors in each county.
Fifth — That- such County Board of Road
Commissioners shall have jurisdiction over all
matters relating to the construction, repair
and maintenance of the general county roads
and standard and State aided roads and that
they and the county road superintendent shall
exercise a supervisory control over the local
road trustees and over the expendituros for
local roads In a similar manner as the County
Board of Education and school superintendent
supervise th? local school trustees.
Sixth — That general county roads and stand
ard or State aided reads shall be constructed
and maintained by taxation of all the tax
able property In the county as a whole. In
cluding that In cities and incorporated towns,
and that the State shall contribute from the
State treasury a certain sum per mile an
nually for the maintenance of such roads
when constructed according to prescribed State
standards and requirements and when such
roads have been accepted by the State as
constructed according to tho requirements pro- '
vided by law, mich State aid to cease when
ever said reads are not maintained accord-
Ing to such standards and requirements. That
the State shall pay for th« construction, re
pair and maintenance of all streets or public
roeds fronting upon or passing through State
property.
Seventh — That all work on general county
roads and standard or State aided roads, either
construction, rer>alr or maintenance, shall be
done by contract, under proper safeguards ami
restrictions, and shall be let to the lowest and
best bidder, and that for the purpose of repair
and maintenance such roads shall be divided
lutof convenient sections.
All cuch regulations to be published. io as to
be In the hands of all officials. Includtng local
trustees and road overseers and citizens gen
erally, anil that no public money shall be ex
pended except In accordance with such regula
tions and standards.
First — Classification of public roads Into
local roads, general county roads and stand
ard county roads receiving State aid.
Second— That the State law shall prescribe
general regulations and standards for the con
struction, repair and maintenance of local and
general county roads and authorize and re
quire the Boajd of Supervisors In each countv
to provide further general regulations and
standards within the limits allowed by State
law for such construction, repair and main
tenance within each county, anil that the State
law shall prescribe all regulations and stand
ards for the construction, repair and main
tenance of standard county roads receiving
State aid.
The committee discusses the present
road laws at length and shows that
under its provisions good uniform
roads are an impossibility; it shows
that under the law as it stands the dis
tricts having the most road mileage
and most difficult roads to construct
and maintain have the least income,
while these of less mileage and in more
level and thickly populated country,
where the expense of building and
maintaining roads is least, have the
most money, and that to overcome
present evils a classification of roads
into local roads and general roads ft a
necessity.
The report emphasizes the fact that
under present laws each roadmaster
works his roads according to his own
ideas, which are often very crude. The
provisions recommended by the com
mittee are designed to eliminate poli
tics from road matters and put their
construction and maintenance upon a
business basis. The report follows:
GLEN ELLEN, June 26.— The com
mittee appointed by the road conven
tion held at Glen Ellen on April 30 pre
sented its report to the Dunbar Im
provement Club at the meeting of the
club Saturday last.
Tjhe introductory sections of the re
port contain information regarding the
defects in the present road law, and
clearly and at length explains how
such defects may be remedied.
The report embodies many of the
best suggestions offered at the county
road convention referred to, the main
feature — the classification of roads — be
ing put forward b> Theodore Wagner,
chairman of the committee^ to which
was assigned the work of preparing
from the various drafts offered the fea
tures to be incorporated into a' State
road law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Nino members of the police fores
made a record capture yesterday after
noon when they corraled nine blood
thirsty firemen and locKed them up
securely after a chase lasting an hour
and fifty minutes. The pursued men
fought fiercely and did not give in till
the last one was securely handcuffed.
Score — Policemen. 7; Firemen, 5.
It was the annual diamond struggle
of the two department* and the object
was sweet charity, so no one was sur
prised when 12,500 howling rooters for
the twtr rival teams swarmed into
Recreatipn Park and yelled lustily for
their favorites. And meanwhile the
rivals played ball as they never played
before. "
Every one who has anything to do
with directing the affairs of the mu
nicipality was at the park. The toot
ing of police whistles and the ringing
of tire bells could be heard for miles.
It was a real old gala day and the
coppers and the fire fighters shone as
they never shone before in all their
lives.
The game netted a handsome sum for
the benefit of the widows' and orphans'
funds of the two departments. The
exact sum was not given out last
night, but it is safe to say that between
$8000 and $10,000 was' realized by the
struggle for supremacy on the green
diamond.
The fire laddies went to the bat for
their first licks and the best they got
was nothing. But the coppers were
there with a run in their half of the
round and for many minutes after the
toot of hundreds of whistles made the
residents of nearby districts think that
an old time riot was on.
But the fire laddies' turn came in the
third inning. It was then that they
landed on the offerings of Mr. Charles
Birdsall and before the round had
passed into history three ladder sea
lers made the turn of the bases. Such
a yell as that which followed had not
been heard in the vicinity of Eighth
street in years. Battling chiefs for
got their dignity and threw their hats
into the air. As for Assistant Chief
Shaughnessy, he imagined he was a
two-year-old.
The firemen's joy lasted Just two In
nings, for in the fifth the finest got to
gether and after a short confab com
menced to lace the ball out. It was bing,
bins, bins' fcrr a few minutes. Every
man on the team seemed to be taking
a ride on the offerings of Mr. Fitz
patrick. Runs were as plentiful as
crooks on the Barbary Coast, no less
than four of the coppers sneaking
over the pan.
Again in the seventh the coppers
shone. Two more tallies were ham
mered in amid joyous shouts of detec
tives, patrolmen, captains and lieuten
ants. This cinched the game and the
firemen knew it. They could not do
any more till the last half of the
ninth, when 4 one more run was made
before the side retired.
Star • plays were plentiful, Archie
Hamill making two catches out In
right iield that were worthy of a big
leaguer. Birdsall was a regular Cy
Young in the box when he settled down
to work, while Casey, Murphy and
Kelly played the game like vetefans.
Rube L.evy and Charley Gaggus dl
vlded the honors at umpiring.
Fire Department— | Police Department —
AR R. H. P.A.| AB. R. H. P. A.
Bodkin.rf 5 110 0 Plume.* 5 12 2 2
Walsh 3b 5 0 1 .0 lSCasey.Sb 4 1110
I^evy.o 4 0 1 2 2.Esola,c 4 2 .°. 12 1
Har # n'n.lt4 0 10 OBlrd's.p 4 2 10 2
Kelly.2b .10 0 2 0 Droulet.lf 4 0 0 2 0
Mur'y.lb 4 0 l.S l'Proll.Sb 4 O 1 2 .1
Mc'hm.cf 4 110 ft Shen'n.lb 4 0 2 « 0
land's c 4 1 1 n 1 HamlU rf 4 0 1-1 ft
Fits' k.p 3 2 13 G Becker.cf 4 1110
— 1 !
Total-* 38 5 8 2* II 1 Totals 37 7 12 27 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Fire Department. 00300001 1—5
Haso hits ....00.11 01 02 1— 8
Police Dept 1000402 0 s— 7
Base hits 12013221 x— 12
SUMMARY.
Krrors— L«vy (2), Murphy, Llndebergr (2),
Fltzpatrlck, Plume, Cast>y. Stolen bases —
Mfacham. Llndeberp. Plume. Birdsall (3).
Three-base hit — Levy; Two-base hits — Keola
(2), Bodkin. Plume, Fltzpatrlck. First base on
errors— Flro Department 2. Police Department
.*!. First bas* on called balls! — Oft Blrdsall 2.
Left on bases — Fire- Department (j. Police De
partment 5. Struck out — My Fltzpatrlck 0. by
Blrdeall 11. Hit by pitcher— Casey. Double
plays — Fitzpatrtck to Murphy. Ksola to Shee
han, Proll to Sheehan. Passed balls — Linde
berK (."!), Ksola. Time of same — One hour and
fifty mlnutea Umpires— Levy and Oggus.
The Mariposa also brought the intel
ligence that the French sloop-of-war
Zelee, which sailed some time since
from Tahiti for New Caledonia, had a
lot of trouble in her machinery room
during the trip. The pipes in the en
girle room burst and threw her ma
chinery out of order, at the same time
scalding three men.
To add to the general predicament
the captain was laid up with illness
during nearly the entire voyage. She
finally -reached New Caledonia and is
expected to return from that port to
Papeete.
The Mariposa brought the following
first-class passengers:
Count de. Calonne, Miss E. H. Bunk
ley. Miss M. Haack, Mrs. J. H. Follis,
Miss E. Tompkins, M. A. Meyer, H.
Meuel, D. Atwater, E. C. Travis, J. H.
Follis, Miss D. Van Ness, F. L. Travis.
A. L. White, Mrs. A. L. White, Miss
F. White, S. R. Church, E. Miller, T.
B. Eastland and C. Deflesselle.
Her cargo consisted in part of 33
cases and 160 crates Vanilla, 3168 sacks
copra, 29 cases alligator pears, 101 bar
rels and 191 cases shells, 6310 cocoanuts
in husk and 217 sacks cocoanuts husked.
She left Papeete June 14 at 11 a. m.
.«nd came into port here at 8:25 a. m.,
making: her running time 11 days and
in hours.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
steamship Mariposa arrived in port yes
terday. She was looking spick and span
as ever and clean as a whistle from
stem to stern. Captain James Rennie
reports that the weather . down and
back was delightful and that the pas
sengers seemed to enjoy the voyage im
mensely.
On the return trip she was a little
light in freight and bobbed about a
bit. There was scarcely any seasick
ness at all on board either going or
coming:.
Amendment Vests Control in
a County Commission and
Board of Local Trustees
City of Panama Brings Large
Shipment of Briglit-Hued
Birds From Mexican Ports
More Than Twelve Thousand
Persons Attend the An
nual Charity Performance
VAST CROWD IS PRESENT
WOULD ALTER STATUTE
PARROTS COVER DECKS
Guardians of the Peace Cap
ture Hose Artists in a
Great Diamond Struggle
Steamship Mariposa Arrives
With Cargo of Products of
the South Sea Islands
Committee Appointed by the
Glen Ellen Convention
Eecommeds Classification
COMES TO PORT
FROM TAHITI
CITY'S FINEST
BEAT FIREMEN
The difficulty arose over Inomoto's
presence here In San Francisco in
stead of being behind one of Togo's
big guns making gaps imthe fortifica
tions of Port Arthur. Miyamori in
timated that the sailor could not fight,
anyway. Td prove the accusing land
lord in error Inomoto attacked him
with his knife, inflicting only slight
wounds, and then disappeared. .•
After Miyamori had explained to all
his neighbors how dishonorable and
unillustrious Sailor Inomoto was, he
washed his head and swore out a war
rant for the arrest of his assailant.
Not being able to overhaul a Itus-.
slan worthy of his steel, K. Inomoto, a
fierce young Japanese of the sailor
profession, last evening used his
pocketknife on K. Miyamori, his land
lord, at 15 Prospect place. Inomoto
had been indulging in heavy draughts
of American sake, which doubtless
drowned his sense of fraternalism. He
gave his countryman two scalp wounds
and fled.
Japanese Uses HJs Knife on Fellow
Countryman Who Questioned
Ills Patriotism.
NEW ROAD LAW
IS PROPOSED
K. IXOMOTO PROVES
HIS WARLIKE PROWESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1904.
10
AUCTION SALES
fe> fe fe
Auction Sale
Of 40 HEAD HXQX-CXt&SS STANDARD
BBSS COSTS ASS FII.I.IES.
Sired by Welcome, 2:10^; Wm. Harold.
2:13ti: Hambletonlan Wilkss. 1679. and Mon-
terey, 2:OSM4. ».- .\-
FBOM THE MESS ESTATE.
. Haywards, Cal.. and Other Owners.
At same time will sell carload of GENTLE
WORK HORSES, from 1200 to 1S0O. ready to
go to work. . -
TO BE SOLD
TUESDAY EVEJUJMO. June 28. 1904.
At 7:45 p. m., at Salesyard. 1702 MARKET St..
Corner Van Ness ave.
Horses at yard Saturday, June 25. 1904.
Send for catalogue.
FRED H. CHASE * CO..
Successors to KILLIP & CO-
Uve Stock Auctioneers.
jfe> iafc
By order of the proprietor of the Plerce-street
Stable,
1327 PIERCE ST..
On THURSDAY. June 30. 11 a. m..
I will sell at public auction
THE ENTIRE CONTENTS OF THE STABLE.
Consisting of
67 HORSES — MATCH BLACKS — fine. SADDLEJ
HORSES, a FAST PACERS, 25 head of th»
best business horses that have ever been of-
fered at auction; also a most choice line • I
rubber tire business buggies. 2 express. 4 gro-
cery 4 peddling, 1 butcher and 2 camp wagons.
3 traps, 4 surreys. 2 3-seaters. 1 hearse. 6 run- •
abouts. 3 carts. 1 rubber tiro club wagon. 3
stanhopes. S phaetons, whips, robes. 50 sets
harness, office fixtures, etc. ThU sale Is posi-
tively without limit or reserve. a« the leas*
has been sold to the California Bakery Com-
pany and must vacate June SO. The stock ia
now working and can be seen at any time ia
mornlns or evening, so any one needing a good,
honest work or driving horse will do well to
wait for this closing out sale.
WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
£^> £x* &*
To ha sold at auction. 20 aH-purpos- 1
horses. 40 sets harness, also a large stock o£
wagons, carts, buggies and surreys. Tuesday.
June 23, 11 a- m.. at 1140 Folsom st. WM,
CLOUGH. Auctioneer. .
fe &* £&
. AUCTION
MONDAY. Jun* 27, 1904. at 11 o'clock, at
2109 MISSION St.. near Seventeenth. I will sell
to natisfy credltcra of A. H. Carr & Co. of Bo-
lemas. 1 surrey. 1 light cart, 2 business bug-
gies, 1 coal wagon. 3 light wagons, 4 sets sin-
gle harness. 9 good work and driving horses*
1 very fast road hcrse (pacer), and 1 saddl*
horse. Stock at stables Sunday night. Sal*
positive.
£i* £i* /&a
. AT AUCTION— Forty head of well broken
HORSES, en MONDAY. June 27. at 11 o'clock,
at 122 Grove st. S. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
EIBTHS— MAfiBIA&ES— DEATHS.
ma^m^^nse?tV e^y n m°uirbe 8 M
la at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed wtTh the name and residence of per-
roa» authortred to have the same publisued.
Nctices restricted simply to ihe announcement
of the evert are published once In this column
free cf charge.
BORXT
ALLEN— In this cltr. June 2L 1904. to the
wife of Tandy J. Allen, a daughter.
MARRIED.
rillLIFrS— HERTINX3— In this city. June 25.
-004 t>y the Rev. M. H. IJebe. Philip
Philippe and Lil»» Hertlcg. both of this
city.
~ - ~ died. ~~
Bain Julia llahoney. 'vTllIlain
UenrVtt, Abraham. McCarthy. Veva A.
Robert E McVicker. Alexander
ConUn Jcsoph R- Murphy Bridget E.
• ravens. Pell* B. Pond. Mrs. Phoebe
Dabney Charles M. Rellly. Andrew
Eddy. Rcsina Shattuck. Nettle &
r'letcher. Annie Them. Anna.
Gallagher Owen Wadsworth. Francis
liars Floss. Warren. James J.
<;orham TfcotnM M. Wehrll. Walter T.
H»>r>ry, Mary B. Welth. John
Kteniaa Mary L. Wilson, Andrew
Liddle. Sergt. J. H.
BAIN— In Eaat Oakland. Jun# 26. 1904, Julia.
be!o\r<! wife of Robert B. Bain, ani mother
of Charles H. Robert B. Jr. and Frederick
P Bum. a native of Brooklyn, N. ».. aged]
47 'en re 11 months and 29 «iaye. j
CyKrienris are invited to attend the |
funera.1 *erviccs to-morrow <Tuesday>. June j
•js. « : o'clock, at 1225 Seventh avenue, |
Kast Ozilsnd. Interment private. J
JUENNETTT— In this city. Jur.e 26. 1904.
Abraham Eugene Bennett, belovd father of
Mrs. Kndora A Mantle and Charles and
Edward Bennett, a native of naglevllle, i
K"j. sgrd 6a r*ara 9 months and 2l> days. j
CtTFrlends ac<i acquaintances are respect-
'u'!y invited to aif-nd the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). June 2K at 10 o'clock, from thn
. hsj'-el cf Charles ii. J. Truman & Co.. ISOa
Mission strett. beffc'cen Fifteenth ard P.x-
treath. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
V\v tarria*re.
CAHSON-- In this city. June 26. 1304. Robert
n. Carson, a. native of Enslnid. aged 54
f^Kr mains at parlors of Valente. Marinl
& Co.. 1524 Stockton street, between Greea
and Union.
CONUN— In this city. June 25. 1S04. Joseph
R. Oon'.in. a native of San Francisco, aged
*2 >»ars.
tT'Tho funeral will be held to-<Jay
¦ Monia'). June 27. at 8:30 o'clock, from the
rzilors"of McFadden. McBrearty & Green.
5171 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eiphth ther.ce to £t- Joseph'* Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ORtVESS-ln this city, June 26. 1904. Bella.
H. Cravens, beloved mother of H. H-
<~TV.\inf- a native of Baltimore. M<S., aged
R3 jxars S months and 2S days.
DABNEY— In this city. June 21, 19CI, Charles
M beloved ton cf N. R. ard the late G. A.
Dabney. end ftther of Mrs. Eva Hutchlnson.
a native of San Jose. Cal., eged 52 years 8
months and 19 days. A member of the F.
O. K.. No. 5.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
• i Monday), from the hall of the F. O. E.. No.
% ~Z\ Market street, where stri/ice* will be
Veld, commencing at 12:30 o'clock. Members
: are requested to attend. Interment Cypress
Uuti Cemetery, by carriage. Remains^ at
the funeral parlors of James McGinn &. Co..
"11 Eddy street.
EDD7- In this city June 25, 1904. Rosina. |
beloved wife of Iiaac Eddy, ar.d beloved
mother of W. H. and A. B. Eddy, a native
of England. ag*d 45 years. !
CTTriendg and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral service* j
Mondav June 27 at 2:30 o'clock, at the j
<-haper<>r N. Gray &. Co.. S53 Sutter etreet.
lnt«rment private.
FLETCHER— Is this city. June 26. 1904.
Annie, beloved wife of James Fletcher, a |
native o? Germany aged 44 year*. ;
ETNotlc* of funeral hereafter. Remains •
«t the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 1
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
fit.\'.A.:Gli iLll—Ir. this city. June 24. 19C4, I
~O«C!i. beloved husband of Ann Gallagher, .
aid father of Marion Gallagher, and son :
<>f John A. and the late Mary Gallagher. ,
and brother of John. Joseph. Nellie and
Eddie GailaRher and Mrs. P. McHugh. a
native of Sun Francisco, aged 2S years. A
member of Stablemen's Union No. 8760 and
Kackinen's Union. Lo<-a! No. 224.
E^TKomalns at residence. 1C25 Pine street.
GORHAM — la this city. June 26. 1304, Thomas !
Mi'.ton Gorham. beloved Eon"*e.f John J, and ;
Catherine Gorham. a native of San Fran- :
cisto. aped 8 days.
HANS— In Dtmond. Fruitvale. June 26. 1904, |
!'.¦•• a beloved wife of George Jacob Han«, 1
a native o f Bavaria.
CTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow J
• Tuesdayt. June 2$. at 1 o'clock, from the I
HiKgins Methodist Church, at Dimond. Upper !
Fruitvale. Cremation Oakland Crematorium, j
HKNIiY— In this city. June 24. 1004, Mary '
Beatrice, beloved wile of Carl A. Henry, a •
native of Maine.
C7"The funeral will take place to-<Jay
• Mondayt, from her late residence. No. Ill
Belvedere street, at ft:15 o'clock, thence to !
Hfiiy Crops Church, where a solemn requiem
htjli tnau will be celebrated for the rejxiee
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy CroFs> Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
Btrecte.
KIERNAN— In this city, June 25. 1904. Mary
Louise, beloved wire of the late Michael
Kidman, mother of the late Mrs. Emma
Aplhorpe and Francis Kiernan. and grand-
mother of Birdie and Lucy Burton, a native
cf Ireland.
CT'TriftidB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to' attend the funeral to-day
• Monday), *t 9:45 o'clock, from her late
residence. No. 743 Harrieon street, thence i
to St. Rc*i'« Church for services. Inter-
rrw-nt Ilcly Crosn Cemetery. / :
LIDDLE— In this oity June 26. 1904. Sergeant
John Hunt Llddle, beloved son of Robert and |
Clara Llddle, an<i brother cf William. ,
Thomas. Robert and the lat» James and
George Uddic, a native of Pan Francisco, j
ijrf] 41 years 5 months and 7 dayc (Balti- [
more papers please copy.)
KTFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
• Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the armory,
corner Page and Gough streets, under the
aucpices cf Company C. F1r*t Infantry, N.
« C Interment National Cemetery, Pre-
sidio.'
ReinhoM Richter Camp. United SpaniEh
War Veterans — Comrades are hereby notified
to assemble at the armory of the First Reg-
iment Infantry, N. G. C. corner Page and
Gough etreete, Tuesday. June 28, at 1:30
p. o. t to •.ttend the funeral cf our deceased
comrade. John II. Llddle. By order
OTTO E. HUBER. Commander.
RICHARD COLLOPY. Adjutant.
Ofncers and members of Company C. First
'' Intantry. N. G. C. and United Spanish War
Veterans are her*-b> requested to report at
armory, corner Page and Gough streets,
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1 :S0 p. m., for the
purpose of atter.dir* the funeral of our late
la»e sergeant. John H. Ltddle. By order cf
F. K. MOORE. Captain Company C, First
Infantry. N. G. C.
MAHOXET — In this city. June 26. 1304.. Wil-
liam Mahoney. beloved husband of Margaret
• Mahoney. and beloved father of May and
Marci<- Mahoney. and beloved brother of
Cornelius Mahoney and the lite Margaret
Lynch, a native of Ireland.
JOTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
June 2S. at 12:30 o'clock, from
bis late residence. 4ft', s Hermann street, be-
tween Mission and Valencia and Twelfth
and Thirteenth streets, thence to St. Joseph'j
Church for services, commencing at 1
o'clock. Interment Holy Crocs Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city, June 25. 1904.
Veva A., dearly beloved and only child of
George W. and Alice M. McCarthy, and lov-
ing granddaughter of iin. Joseph Enright
of Ean Jc*ft. Cal.. a, native of San Fran-
cl*""o. acred 7 years 7 months and 14 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 6fc2 Hares street, near
Buchanan. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JlcVICKER— In this city. June 28. 1901, at
hi« residence. 56 Chesley street. Alexander
McVicker. beloved husband of Ann K. Mc-
Vicker fnee Cousins), and father of Alex-
ander TV. McVJcker Jr. and Mrs. Maggie
Bolger. a native of Aushlndall, County An-
trim. Ireland. A member of Longshore
Lumberman's Protective Association No. 224.
(Ireland and New York papers please copy.)
C7Not!ce of funeral hereafter.
SfCRPHY-rA solemn t*<jnlem mass fan anni-
versary) will be celebrated In Mission Do-
lores Church to-roorrow JTuesday). at 9:3!)
o'clock ». m.. for the repose of the eoul of
Bridget E. Murphy, sister of Captain Wil-
liam Murphy.
POND— In Campbell. Banta Clara County.
Cal.. June 25, 1904. Mrs. Phoebe Painter
Pond, beloved wife of Dr. Gardner Ptrry
Pond of this city.
KEILLT— In this city. June 26, 1904. Andrew
Ileilly, «learly beloved brother of Maggie and
Cceeie Reilly. Mrs. Jean Sabarros and Mrs
M. McCarthy, a native of the parish of
Knockninny. County Fermanagh. Ireland,
aged 26 yearn.
CyRemalns at parlors of Pacific Under-
takers. 777 Mission etreet. Notice of funeral
hereaft*r.
6HATTUCK— In this city, June 25, 1904,
Nettie E. Fhattnck. beloved wife of Charles
H. Ehattuck. a native of New York, aged
40 yean end 7 months. .
tTTFrirml* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Mon<SRy). Jone 27, at 10 o'clock, from her
!at* residence, 1004 H Dolores street, be-
Jamea McGinn, Henry Hansen.
JAMEE McGINN 4 CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
— — Funeral Directors and Embalmers—
214 Eddy el: Tel. South 676.
tween Twenty- third and Twenty -fourth. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
THORN— In th'.s oltr. June 2'J 1904. Ann*,
dearly beloved wife of Benjamin K. Thorn,
and dearly beloved mother of Mrs. E. Soher
and Mrs. S Tildrn and sister of Mrs. I*
Ross and R. G. Merks. a native of Wiscon-
sin, aged (>ti yearo $ months and 2G days.
E7"S'otlt* gt funeral hereafter.
WAUSWORTH— In this oity. June 25. 1904.
Francis Conn Wudsworth, dearly beloved f^n
of Emma and the late Frank WaCsworth,
and brother or John. Thomas and Hatti«
Wadsworth, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years 2 months and 25 days.
rrThe funeral will take place to-day
<Monday>, at 1 o'clock, from hie late resi-
dence. 1223 Ycrk street. Interment Cypress
Lawn" Cemetery.
WARREN— In Port Costa, June 20. 1904, James
.1. Warren, beloved father of Helen and Alice
Warren, and brother of Mrs. D. E. O'Con-
nell. a native of Carlow, Ireland.
ETTriend* and ncquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
June 2S. from his late residence. Port Costa,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a
eolomn requiem mws will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul. Interment Alhambra
Cemetery, Martinez.
WEHRLI— In this city, June 20 1904. Walter
Theodore, beloved son of Arnold and Bertha
Wehrli. and brother of Arnold Wehrll. ft
native of San Ftancisco, aged 2 months and
7 days.
WEITH— In this cltv. June 20. 1904, John
Welth dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth
Welth' and beloved father of Arthur Edward
and Benjamin Lawrence Welth. a native
Norway, aged CO ypars 7 months and 5
days A member of Harmony Ix>dg* No. 9,
A- O. V. W.. and Court America No. 7016,
A. O. F. (Sutherland, England, r 8 !* 2 *
please copy.)
CTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1308 P street South, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth avenues South. South
?an Francisco. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
To the officers and members of Court
America No. 7010, A. O. F.. *lrs and
brothers — Tou arc hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late brother. John Welth.
which will take place Tuesday. June 2S.
at 1 o'clock from his lat<^ residence. 130S P
street South, between Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth awiiii" s South. South San Francisco.
Fines for non-attendance, will be strictly en-
forced. By order of «'h!cf Ranger.
C. BKAAKMA. Financial Secretary.
WILSON— In Aroyo Seco. Monterey County.
Cal.. June 24. 1904. Andrew M. Wilson, ba-
loved son -of Mrs. Charles J. Oreen. and
brother of . John Wilson of Honolulu, a
native of Pan Francisco, aged 42 years 4
months and S days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
June 27, at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Hall,
corner of Railroad and Fourteenth avenues,
Sputh San Francisco. Funeral under the
auspices of South San Francisco Lodge Na.
212. F. and A. M. Interment Cypress Lawn
Co meters'.O £ Delicacy. £
CONTESTANTS y ~ i?3 ,23 5 S?
? : r r' Q ¦ *<
» 1 '. I j .3 j
C Huyck -91I90.8IS2.S 81.8 82.2 77
C. R. Kenniff 115 1)2 06 95 95.6 98.7
H B. Sperry..... 10* 88. 41S6 76.8 81.4 ..
W. D. Mansfield 88.4193.8 96.8 93.2 ..
H. C. Golcher.... 119 88. 4 93.8 95 94.4 ..
W B. Brooks 80.4 80 88.4 K4. 2 ..
F H Reed 93 91.4 92.4 93.4 92.10 73.S
Reed' 04 88 [94 9S 94. « ..
T. C. Kierulff... I 85!S7.8|83 | 93.4|88.2 77
J. B. K«nnlH )123;94.8»0.8!100 195.4 »7.T
A. Sperry.. I 06J82 /!86.4| SO |S3.2 j ...
There's a b in every bonnet. '
A woman's favorite writer Is a hus*
band who Is capable of writing checks*
PARIS, June 26. — Gondor, a membet
of the 'Sport Athletique Bordelals. at an
amateur championship to-day cleara}
12 feet 1 inch in the pole vault.
Clever Vault of French Athlete. • '
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, practical
shoot— TV. Guild 283, J. A. Loffue 237. P. Paul
son 35O. I*. A. Prates 269. H. "Wlndmuller 397-
B. Brungs 338.
Red Men's Shooting Company, monthly
medal shoot — Champion class, H. Schult Sx't
first class, J. A. Mohr 364: second class. H.
Schuz S34; third class. D. Tamke 305; fourth
class. H. Nlcolal 332. Best first shot. . H<
Cortsen 24; best last shot. W. Dressier 24.
Bullseye shoot— Captain C. Oldag 61. H.
Nicola! 298. H. Schult 4S7. V. Tarr.ke 144% J.
A. Mohr 1480.
Captain Siebe's medal — Captain C. Oldaff*
S44 for highest three scores.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln. raonthlr
bullseye shoot — G. Sehulz 133, Adam Schaefe?
206, C. F. Thierbaeh 334. R. Stettin 400. R.
Zecher 433. Captain II. StelUnr S14, Otto
Lemcke .196, J. C "Waller «72. D. Steremanq
«74. Fred Brandt 81S. David Salfleld- 871.
George H. Bahrs 9R3. 8. Helno 113». A*
•U'estphal 117S, C. Huntemann 117?. A- Ber*
telsen 121». J. Woebcke 1251. F. P. Schnste*
1339. H. Bornboldt 1468, Captain John Tho<J«
1471. ¦
Monthly medal shoot Norddeutsrher Srhuet
xtn Club — First champion class. F. P. Schus
ter 442: first class. J. Gefkln 409; second class,
I* Brane 379; third class. H. Munster 321:
fourth class. D. Stegrmann 292. Best first
shot. F. P. Schuster 25; best last shot, F. P.
Schuster 24. v .
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, silver
medal — E. Englander, 180, 174. 172. Re-entry
match— F. E. Mason. 229. 238; H. P. Nelson.
196.
Pistol re-entry match — G. E. Frahm. 89. K>.
80. 90. 01, »3, 8S. S3: T. V. Kinjrton, 89. 83 #
89. 86: W. C. Prichard. 93: J. R. Trego, Si.
Revolver re-entry — Smith Carr. 05; P. A.
Becker. 91. 85. 83; M. J. White. 81.
Military revolver re-entry — F. V. Kington.
88. 86. 83; "W. R. Powell. 84; E. Somerville. 73.
. Germania Shuetzen Club, monthly buliseya
shoot — Chavlea F. Thlerbach 163. Geofgc H.
Bahrs 285. D. Huntemann 341, Frank E. Ma
son. 4S2.
In the revolver match Officer 8mjth
Carr was far s ahead of all competitors
with 95 rings out of a possible 100. be
lng^ne of the best scores made on tha
range in a long while.
Captain Charles Oldag carried off tha
Ludwig Slebe medal for the best three
center shots during the year, making
the good total of 344 points, thus be
coming the permanent winner of tha
trophy.
A noteworthy performance at the pis
tol range was the consistent firing of
G. E. Frahm, who scored an averaga
of nearly 90 rings in each of hla eight
ten-shot strings.
All California marksmen have been,
eagerly awaiting news from their com
rades who too part in the fourth,
bundes festival at Hoboken, N. J., but
so far the Information has been mea
ger. The Californlans were successful
on every target on which they com
peted. On the standard American tar
get A. Strecker made 46, K. Gut 46 and
J. William Goetze 45. On the honor tar
get A. Strecker is second with 70. Louis
Brehm of Plttsburg. Pa., being first
with 72. William F. Blasse comes sev*
enth with 68. Karl Gut 64. Max Koland
er 63 and Herman Huber 59. On the
,25- ring prize target A. Strecker is first
with 71, K. Gut second with 71 and
Herman Huber made 70. Adolph,
Strecker scored 91 on the man target
and K. Gut 89.
The scores at Shell Mound Park:
Frank E. Mason distinguished him-
S'elf at the Shell Mound Park shooting
contests yesterday, being victorious in
three events. In the bullseye shoot of
the Germania SchuetzenClub he made
the fine score of 16 bullseyes out of a
possible 20. In the re-entry match of
the Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club
he scored 226 and 223 rings, respective
ly, in his two ten-shot strings. In a
match for a dinner with C. M. Hender
son and D. W. McLaughlin. fifty shots
each, he reached the high score of 1113
rings, placing every shot within the
twelve-inch bullseye at 200 yards.' C. M.
Henderson scored 1050 and D. W. Mc-
Laughlin 1030.
F. P. Schuster rolled up the fine scora
of 442. rings in his twenty-shot medal
score at the Norddeutscher Club com
petition. John Gefkin waa second with.
409.
Patrolman^ Leads All Com
petitors in the Small-Arm
Match in Clever Style
CAEN'S HAND IS STEADY'
Proves Victorious in Three
Events on the Eange
at Shell Mound Park
MASON SECURES
RIFLE HONORS
Pupil— I'm naming the great men that
were not born ¦ here. That's 'easier.—
Chicago Tribune. " x —^^ ;.
Teacher (of school in, Ohio)— Mention
the names of thegreat men born in
Ohio, as nearly as you can remember.
Pupil — Well, there's • President • Roose
velt, David Bennett Hill, Senator Hoar,
Admiral Dewey, Chauncey M. Depew,
BenTlllman — *\
Teacher— You are all wrong. Not -one
of those men. waa born in the. State.
Cycler Downing Wins at New York.
NEW YORK, June 26.— J. Moran of
Chelsea, Mass., to-day broke the "mile
motor paced record, covering the dis
tance in 1:26 2-5, in the first mile
of the final heat of a five-mile motor
paced bicycle race oft the Manhattan
Beach track. Summary:
Half-mile amateur. Surf stakes— Won by
Marcus Hurley, N. Y. A. C; Burton Downing,
San Jom, Cal., tecond. Time, 1:32 3-5. ,
Five-mile emateur handicap — Won by Bur
ton Downing, San Jose, Cal. (scratch) ; Oscar
n°-r> k f'fi Brockiyn ' " 5 J rard8 » second. Time,
Five-mile motor paced race, professional—
Flrrt lu>»t won by George. Leander. Chicago:
J. Moran, Chelsea. Mars.. second. Time
7:36 2-5. Second heat . won by J. Moran-
Floyd McFarland. San Jose, Cal... second
Time. 7:26 2-5. Third heat and final won hy
J. Moran, Leaadcr second. Time, 7:22 2-5.
Joyner thinks" he is in as good con
dition to-day as he ever was, and after
he makes his ; debut the astute : North
Carolina ; trainer v.-ill . have no I excuses
to offer for him.
NEW YORK, June 26. — Patrons of
the Coney Island Jockey Club's spring
meeting will," barring* accident, see
Waterboy,' the winner of the Suburban
renewal, the = Brighton and Saratoga
.handicaps and the Century stakes, and
the. unquestioned champion of the
aged division last year, at Sheepshead
Bay this week. Waterboy has entire
ly recovered: from his accident of last
fall, which prevented ; his appearing in
the Brighton, cup against Hermis and
Major Daingerfleld. Jack Joyner, his
trainer, believes he has himi bacW to
his West form. V"
W T ATERBO Y TO FACE STARTER.
First race, four and a half furlongs, maidens
— Loft. Merrill W3, Cutter 103, Aunt Katharine
1CS. But well JOS. Btrt O*ra, 106, Diamond
B^tty JC7, Lord Dixon 10S, Tennyburn 110,
Th* Triflcr.llO, Pawtucket 112. Bryan 112.
D>i»arantio 114. Roscoe 116. Karnar lltt.
Ucwllnir Bridge US.
ffeeond rac«, six furtonga. selling — Lida L*ib
W, Trompeute »6, Fllent Water f«5 My Alice
ith. lic!g«r»on 100. Harfang 100. Canteen 100.
.Woods Ptrry 102, T*!n>bone 102, New Mown
Hay Kt. Emperor of India 102, H. L. Frank
1«2. Grand 105. Foresight. 107. Banquero 1<>7.
» Third rar*. »teepl«vha«e. short pourne Snow
1 drift 125. Donaml 126. Creolin 129. Swnt Jan«
130. Cardigan 143. Jark Boyd 147. John B.
Owens 1Z3, Montanic 159.
Fourth rac*, one mile— Schoolmate 87, Volney
f)0. Foncarta 90. Apple W.- Fred Lrppert 07
Mansard IC2. Cardinal \Tr*-y 102, Jake Gre*n
b*rg IC5, Action 105, Fonsoluca lOtJ. McGec
110. Bad News. 112.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, polling
Mfunwll* Ofl. Bluemlnt 9«. LouisvlUe OS Ross
mnnd «9. Frank Me WO. Bill Massle 100. Glass
ful 102. North Wind 103. Eockdolanrer J04,
Bummer II 1O5. Major Mansir ins Halnault
1C5. Bdlario K?. Tancred 10ft, Gllfaln 111.
Sixth rar*, live furlongs — Ralnevitch 108
Flr<ner.tlne 111. Gold Enamel 111, Flaxman 111.
Luzarion 123.
WeatJwr cloudy: track fast.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Bowling Bridge, Tcnnr-
Ijurn. The Trlfler.
Second race — New Mown Hay, Fore
sight, Silent Water.
Tliird race — Montanic, Creolin,
Snowdrift.
Fourth race — Schoolmate, Bad
News, Action.
* Fifth race — Maniscllc, Glassful.
Tancred- .;
Sixth race— Luzarlon, Florentine,
J Icixnuiu.
CHICAGO, June 26.— The entrif|
for the races to-morrow at Hawthorne
follow:
•iLWVTnORNE ENTRIES.
The feature of to-day's game was the
extraordinary playing of Scanlan of
San Francisco, who scored five of the
six goals for his side. His activity/and
endurance won the admiration of the
spectators, who cheered him repeated
ly. Couts of San Mateo made a. star
play by •scoring with, a backward
stroke over his shoulder on a reversal
to ... avoid double interference. The
crowd was the largest of the season,
with several hundred San Franciscans
present. The teams were made up as
follows:
Talagoo — Damara, Degan, Tobln, Martin
Lyons, Pease, Slsson, Gllligan, Couts, Brown
Lynch. J. J. Lyons. Mike Lyons. ¦
San Francisco — Blackwell Burdon. Petersen
Dunn, Hushes. Renwick, E. Taylor, Judge'
MInto, McAteer, Darrah. Scanlan
Referee— R. R. l'Hommedleu.
SAN MATEO, June 26.— The Talagoos
again defeated the All San Francisco
team here to-day in the second league
game of lacrosse of the season .by a
score of 13 to 6. By this victory the
Talagoos become the undisputed cham
pions of California, The only hope now
left for San Francisco to wrest the
pennant from them is to first defeat
the picked team of Southern California
players before they will again be, eli
gible to meet the Talagoos in an offi
cial match.
All San Francisco Team Goes Down
to Defeat by Score of 13 to 6
at San Mateo.
TALAGOOS MAINTAIN TITLE
OF LACROSSE CHAMPION'S
Errors — Blaokenshlp (2), Irwln (2), Jones.
Earned runs — Seattle 3, San Francisco 6.
Ba»ei» on balls — Off Barber 2. off Jones 2.
Struck out — By Barber 1. by Jon** 3. Stolen
bases — Waldron Anderson. Two-base him —
Mohler (2). Smith. Van Haltren, Anderson.
Three-base hits— Barber, Van Haltren. Double
plays — Townecnd (unaBvisted); Hlldebrand to
Leahy; Miller to Anderson to Townsend;
Mohler to Hall to Brashear 2. Left on bas»s —
<Sratlle «, San Franciitco B. . Time of frame —
1 hour and 50 minutes. Umpire^ — Browne.
cp a t tie 0 3 0 00 1 2 0 0 — 6
Base hit. 1 3 0 0 2 2 3 0 1-12
Ban Francisco... 3 0 200 3 0 0 1—9
Base hits...... 313 0^ 1300 3— IS
SUMMARY.
Seattle— Ban Francisco—
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
V Htn.cf 5 12 2 0 MIller.2b S 2 2 2 2
Moh!r.2b S 0 2 7 b Hlldbd.lf 5 3 2 11
Dhnty.Sb 4 1 1 11 Wldrn.cf 5 2 4 3 0
Frisk.lf.. 4 12 1 0 Meany.rf 5 0 2 10
Fmlth.rf. 4 1 12 0 Irwln.Sb 4 12 0 1
Brshr.lb 3 0 0 8 l|Andrsn.«4 0 2 2 0
Halls... 4 0 14 ClTwnsd.lb 4 0 0 8 3
Blkahpc 4 11 2 3 Leahy.c. 3 117 1
Barber.'p 4 12 0 lJJones.p.. 4 0 13 1
Totals.37 ~« 12 27 18| Totals.39 8 16 27 9
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
SEATTLE, June 26.— Both sides hit
the ball to-day hard and often. The
San Franclscos bunched theirs and
won, while Seattle,- which Incidentally
had a little hard luck, lost. Hall and
Mohler did sjjme remarkable fielding,
while Anderson put up a brilliant game
at short. Score:
HITS ARE NUMEROUS.
Golden Feather carried off the hon
ors in the open stake at Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday, by defeat
ing Rock Island Minnie in the decid
ing course. Golden Feather ie from
the kennel of E. Janikie. The latter
nearly duplicated his performance of
last Sunday, when three of his repre
sentatives divided the stakes. Eagle
Bird won third money yesterday, be
ing defeated by Golden Feather. Rock
Island Minnie drew the bye, com
pelling the hounds of the same owner
to meet.
In the Consolation stake Doreen, on
the short end at 3 to 2, defeated The
Fiddler after being led three lengths
to the hare. The talent had the best
of' the day, 'the few short ends that
won selling a\ nearly even money. The
hares were unusually strong and gave
the coursers such hard runs that re
lief dogs were brought on the field
on .numerous instances. The follow
ing are the results in detail with Judge
Thomas Tierney's official scores:
Open stake, second round — Red Brick a by»:
Commercial Traveler beat Frisky Boy, 12-5;
Eagl« Bird b«at Queen of Victory, 18-1; Frank
Dunn beat Donnybrook, 12-4; Rocklln Boy -a
bye; May Tunnison b**at Runaway Actress,
9-6; General Fremont beat Prometheus, 6-5;
Young Mountain Belle beat Glaucus, 14-5;
Royal Friend beat Rolling Boer, 22-4; Conroy
a bye; Aggie W beat Topsy Turvy, 12-4;
Modest Beauty beat Dear Gaston. 16-3: Im
perious a bye; Ruby Sankey beat Mirage, 8-7;
Rock Island Minnie beat Roy Hughie. $-5;
Golden Garter a bye; Jack Doe a bye; Golden
Feather biat Remlsso Anlmo, 10-1; Jerry
Wright beat Miss Brummel, 6-3; Annie Ryne
beat Peter Mclntyre. 26-6.
Third round — Commercial Traveler beat Red
Brick, 8-3; Eagle Bird beat Frank Dunn, 14-5;
Rocklln Boy beat May Tunnison, 11-8; Royal
Friend beat General Fremont, 18-7; Conroy
beat Younjsr Mountain Belle. 8-1; Aggie W
beat Modest Beauty, 3-2; Imperious beat Ruby
Sankey, 8-4; Rock Inland Minnie beat Golden
Garter, 18-0; Golden Feather beat Jack Doe,
12-0; Annie Ryne beat Jerry Wright, 8-4.
Fourth round — Eaele Bird beat Commercial
Traveler. 4-0; Rocklln Boy beat Royal Friend,
11-8; Conroy beat Aggie W, 10-5; Rock Island
Minnie b«at Imperious, 12-6; Golden Feather
beat Annie Rvno, 5-3.
Fifth round — Eagle. Bird beat Rocklln Boy,
16-8; Rock Island Minnie beat Conroy, 6-0;
Golden Feather a bye. • :
• Sixth round — Golden Feather beat Eagle
Bird, 26-2; Rock Island Minnie a bye.
¦J Deciding ' course — Golden Feather beat Rock
Island Minnie,. 15-8.
Consolation stake: Second round — Foxhunter
beat Jessie Dear, 10-5; Lily York beat Articu
late. 10-1: Manru beat Advance Guard, 14-0;
The Fiddler beat My Grafter,' 10-2; Lily
Wright beat Belfast. 9-6; Grace Greenwood
beat Yellow Tall, 9-6: Courtly Guest beat Ral
endlne, 8-0: Doreen beat Black 'Swan, 12-3;
Sunny South a bye. Little Mercy a bye.
Third . round — Foxhunter beat Lily York
9-6; ' The Fiddler a bye; Lily Wright beat
(1rac« Greenwood. 14-7; Doreen beaY Court lv
Guost, 12-9; Sunny South beat Little Mercy,
5-0.
Fourth round — The Fiddler beat Foxhunter.
20-6; Doreen beat Lily Wright, 18-1; Sunny
South a bye.
Fifth round— The Fiddler beat Sunny South,
I6-1;-Dore«n a bye.
Deciding course — Doreen beat Th« Fiddler,
5-3. .
Defeats Rock Island Minnie hi Final
at Ingleside Coursing: Park.
GOLDEN FEATHER IL\S SPEED.
UNION GUN CLUB HOLDS
ANNUAL PICNIC AND SHOOT
Some Good Scores Are Made on Live
Birds hi Three Events at Ingle
side Traps.
The annual x picnic and live bird
shoot of the Union Gun Club was
yesterday held at the club grounds at
Ingleside. There were three events.
The first was a six-bird race, the
money divided between high guns.
The second event was a six-bird shoot
under the Rose system.^ " In the last
event, a twelve-bird shoot, contestants
who scored eleven and twelve birds
divided the pool.
C. I. Bird of Marysville, the arm
less wonder, gave an exhibition. His
arms are gone above the -elbows^ and
the gun is harnessed to him. His skill
in bringing down birds is amazing.
Some notable visitors who particl
i pated in the shoot were C. Rockford
of the Butte Rod and Gun Club of
Butte. Mont., D. Herschele of Vallejo,
C. C. Gill and F. A. Hodkapp of Mar
tinez and Peter Walsh of Black Point/
Marin County. John Potter shot In
excellent form, making clean scores
in two events. The following scores
were made: .
First event, six birds— Potter 6, P. Walsh
5, F. Knlck 4. C. I. Bird 4,-H. P. Jacobsen
3, T. L. Lewis 2, W. Murdock 5, Dr. E.
i-ltres 4, H. Bielawskl 3. Dr. J. A. Hutton 2,
W\ Cuneo 2. J. S. Hunt 1, C. Kerrison 6, B.
Patrick 5, Otto Feudner «. George Sylvester
6. J. W. Braderlck 6, Dr. DeTby 6. C. G.~
Creyk 4.
Second event, $5 added, six birds — Jacobsen
5, Hodapp C, Gill 5, Walsh ».t, Hutton *!, Derby
4, Kerrison 5, Braderlck 6, Btelawskl 2, Pot
ter 6, Muller 6, Patrick 4, Creyk 5, Hunt 6.
Pisanl 4, . Pitresl 4. Cuneo 2, Feudner 6. Bird
5, Lewis 3, ¦ Rockwood 4, Sylvester 6, Knick
4, Iverson 6, D. Burfiend 4, C. Frankel 3, Dr.
Gross 3. ' ¦ • •
• Third event, twelve birds-rHodapp 12, Gill
11, Sylvester 12, Bielawskl 10. Hutton 10.
Pitres 9. Derby 11, Rockford 7, Braderlck 11,
Gross 0, Hunt 10, Cuneo 2 (withdrew), Iverson.
12. Muller 11,. Lewis 10, Jacobsen 10. Walsh
10, Patrick 6, Kerson 7 (withdrew), Murdock
3 (withdrew), Knick 12, Balrd 4 (withdrew).
Chevalier 10.
CITY- OFFICIALS MAY CLOSE
THE PORTLAND BALL GROUNDS
Plumbing Inspector Says Park Is Un
sanitary and Asks for Arrest \
- ." of ; Directors. •
PORTLAND. June 26.— All games
at the grounds, of the Portland Base
ball Association 'are in danger of be
ing stopped. City Plumbing Inspector
Thomas E. Hulme has made a request
of Deputy City Attorney Fitzgerald for
warrants for the arrest of the direct
ors of the association, charging that
they have permitted the grounds to
become unsanitary. He. asks that the
grounds be closed ; immediately. . Mr.
Fitzgerald : has the matter under ad
visement and stated to-day that in all
probability warrants will be issued. ;
, -". Plumbing : Inspector Hulme charges
that the grounds are a menace to pub
lic health in their present condition.
English Tennis Championships.
LONDON, June 26— <The result ¦ of
the tennis championship rounds ' at
Wimbledon this week was that F. I.
Wisely won the finals in the all-comers'
contest/defeating J. ,G. Ritchie In
straight sets. Risley playa H. L.
Doherty, the ;1903 champion,- for the
English /championship on the 27th
inst.
PORTLAXD, June 26. — There were
but three innings in the game to-day
in which any scoring-, was done, but
those three chapters gave Los Angeles
the game by a score of 5 to 2. ,The
Angels picked up an easy one in the
first, when Roach threw the ball into
the bleachers, scoring Toman. In the
decisive second inning Cravath and
Spies made singles. Toman was pre
sented with a base on balls and three
infield errors netted four runs for the
visitors.
Xewton blew up in the seventh
inning and forced in Portland's first
run. Flood's error gave the locals
their second and last canter to the
home cushion. Hall finished the game
for the visitors and~"~twisted the life
out Portland's hopes. The day was
warm and the attendance large. The
score:
Portland — 1 Los Ang-lcp —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Nadeau,lf 4 12 2 0 Toman.is 4 1 2 2 4
McCrd,rt 4 0 11 l'Flood.2b. 5 0 14 4
Drnan.cf 5 0 17 0 Smith.3b 5 0 0 0 3
Beck.lb. 4 0 16 0 Whelr.cf 4 0 0 0 0
Frncls,3b 3 0 0 3 0;Cravth.rf 4 12 2 1
Castro.2b 3 0 2 2 «Chase.lb. 4 1 2 12 0
Rsymd.ss 3 O 1 3 0 Rosn.lf.. 4 10 10
Stelmn. c 4 1 13 2 Eples.c. 4 13 6 2
Roach.p. 4 0 10 ltXewton.p 3 0 0 0 2
•Thlelmn 10 0 0 OHall.p... 10 0 0 1
Totals 35 2 10 27 io! Totals 38 5 10 27 17
•ThUlman batted for Francis.
¦"." ,"¦» 'RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 000000 20 0—2
Base hit* 13100120 2 — 10
Loe Angrles 14000000 0 — 5
Base hits 1 2 12 110 2 0—10
SUMMARY.
Errors — Btck (2), Strelman (2). Roach,
Flood, Smith. Hall. Bases on balls — Off
Roach 1, oft" Newton 6. Struck out — By Roach
2. by Newton 3. by Hall 1. Two-base hit —
Spies. Three-base hit — Flood. Hits — Oft*
Newton 8. off Hall 2. Double plays — Cravath
to Flood, Newton to Spies to Chase. Castro to
Beck. Left on bases— Portland 12. Lo« Angeles
7. Hit by pitcher— By Newton. First base on
errors — Portland 1, Los Angelas 3- Time of
game — Two hours and ten minutes. Umpire—
CConnelL
Score Four Runs in Second Innins
and Break Up the Game.
ANGELS BEAT THE BROWNS.
(National League.) ( (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New York. ..40 1« .714 Boston 35 20.636
Chicago 35 19 .«4S New York.. .33 21 .811
Cincinnati ..35 22 .617 Chicago 35 24 .503^
PiUsburg ...2!) 2b .5tW Philadelphia 30 24 .556,
St. Louis 27 28'. 491 j Cleveland ..27 25.519
Brooklyn ...24 3tJ AW St. Louis 25 27 .4^0
Boston 22 30 .376 Detroit 23 32 .420
Philadelphia 13 40 .245 Washington. 9 44 .170
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, June 26. — The locals won two
hard-fought battles to-day. They won out
In the firet game by bunching hits with a
pass in the seventh and eighth Innings. The
second game was a pitchers' battle. In which
Smith not only held the visitors safe at crit
ical times, but batted in the winning run in
the final inning. Attendance, 1C.S0O. Score:
First game — R- H. E.
*-* »* - 1
Detroit * 8 1
BattcTles — 'White, Patterson and Sullivan;
Stovall, Klllian and Buelow.
Second game — R. H. E.
Chicago 3 8 0
Detroit 2 7 2
Batteries — Smith and McFarland; Killian and
"Wood.
ST. LOUIS. June 28.— The Cleveland Amer
icans defeated the St. Louts Americans here
to-day in a loosely played game. Sudhoff wa#
knocked out of the box in the opening inning.
Siever, who succeeded him, did little better.
Attendance. 18.000. Score:
R- H. E.
St. Louis « 4 10 4
Cleveland 7 11 3
Batteries — Sudhoff. Eiever and Kahoe; Moore
and Bemia.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, Jun« 26. — The locals defeated
Piltsburg easily to-day by consecutive hitting
In several lnninei. Weimer was a puzzle to
the visitors in all but the fourth inning, which
was saved by bunching three of the seven hits
made off him. Attendance, 12,500. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 7 13 2
Plttsburg 1 7 S
Batteries — Wdmer and Kling; Miller and
Emith. Umpires — Moran and Zimmer. -
BROOKLYN, June 26.— Brooklyn had an
easy time of it to-day at Washington Park.
Fisher, who was in the box for the visitors,
was pounded hard in the first lnninc, the
home club scorlncslx runs. After that there
was little Interest in the game. Jones and
Jacklltsch of the Brooklyn team were arrested
after a few balls were pitched. The game
then w^nt on without Interruption. Attend
ance, 2500. 6cor«:
r. h; e.
Boston 2 10 2
Brooklyn , 8 14 3
Batteries — Fisher and Needham: Garvin and
Ritter. Umpires— Johnston? and Carpenter.
CINCINNATI, June 26. — Th© Cincinnati*- lost
by makine errors at critical stages. •Taylor
was hit hard by the local team, but was
fortunate In being able to hold his opponents
on neveral occasions when the bases were full.
Attendance. 8100. Scor«:
R H F
Cincinnati .: S 12 3
St. Louis 7 0 2
Batteries — Walker, Kelfum and Schler; Tay
lor and Grady. Umpire — O'Day.
Pittsburg Champions Are Easily
Routed, While St. Louis Bents
Cincinnati Reds.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
CHICAGO WINS DOUBLE
IIEADEK FROM DETROIT
i TACOMA, June 26. — Mosklman's
fine pitching held the Tigers safely to
day except in the third inning, when
Hogan and Thomas singled, the for
mer scoring on two infield outs. Gan
ley's base on balls, stolen bases and
Sheehan's error of Doyle's throw after
Kruger singled gave the visitors their
first score. Schlafley made a scratch
hit and Oscar Graham knocked the
ball over the fence, making a total of
three. Another came in the seventh
on Byrnes' double and Francks' single.
The last two scores in the eighth came
on Thomas' error of a sacrifice, Dev
ereaux"s two-bagger and singles ! by
Byrnes and Mcskiman.
A fast double cut off one chance of
the Tigers to score, while a bad deci
sion by McDonald at second spoiled a
likely inning. McLaughlin's running
catch and throw to Xordyke for a
double play was the feature of the day.
Pheehan and Francks knocked down a
number of difficult chances. The
score:
Tacoma— \ Oakland—
AB.R.H. P.A.j AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle, rf 4 0 0 5 t);Ganley,rf 4 110 0
Shehn,Sb 4 0 0 4 3'F-nks.ss 5 «> 2 1 0
Nrdke.lb 2 0 0 12 llKruRr.cf 5 12 4 0
Eagan.es 4 0 10 4'Schfly.2b 5 2 2 2 4
Lynch.cf 3 0 12 OGrahm.lf 4 12 12
Casey,2b 4 0 11 2:Devrx.3b 5 112 2
3IcLln.lf 3 0 12 UStrieb.lb 4 0 0 14 0
Hogan, c 3 1 1 0 O Bynie*,e 3 12 3 1
Thnias,p Soil liMskmn.p 40101
TotaJs.30 1 « 27 12! Totals.39 7 13 27 18
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 01 0 0 CO 0 0 — I
Base hits O O 2 1 0 2 1 O 0 — 6
Oakland O 0 4 0 0 0 1 2 0 — 7
Base hits 2 0 3 0 0 0-2 8 8 — 13
" SUMMARY.
Errors— Eheehan, Thomas, Francks 2.
Struck out— By Moekiman 3. Banes on balls —
Off Thomas 2. off Motkiman 2. Hit by pitcher
— Lynch. Stolen baEes — Nc-rdkyeT Ganley.
Two-base hits— McLaughlin. Byrnes, Dever
eaux, tchlafley. Home run — Graham. Earned
runs — Tacoma I. Oakland 4. Sacrifice hit —
Graham. Double plays — McLaughlin to Nor
<!yke. Schlafley to Francks. Left on bases —
Taccma 5. Oakland 8. First on error — Oak
land 1. Time of game — 1:45. Umpires — Mc-
Carthy and McDonald.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. i W. L. Pet.
Tacoma 50 37 .575|SeattIe 47 40 .641
Los Angeles. 4S 39 .5,'iJ.San Fran 37 4S .435
Oakland 47 39 .547 (Portland 28 54 .341
D Jamieson, n.-t out « 92
W. Petherlck,/b. Evans.. 0
II. K. Boulton. b. Lannowe 32
E. H. Wilkes, b. Aitken Of
G-.' Vaz, b. Lannowe 10
T. J. A. Tiedenmnn Jr.. b. Irish 15
H. Medcraft, b. Lannowe 3
A. W. Wilding, b. Evans 0
F. Stahl. b. Aitkcn 0
F. J. Croll, b. Aitken 0
H Roberts, b. Aitken 1.. 0
' Byes 6, no ball 1 .'. .. 7
Tea was served on the ground at 4
o'clock. Miss A. L. Ellis presiding over
the refreshments.
W. R. Stewart, b. Jamieson.. 24
E. H. M. Lanncwe, b.> Jamiegon S7
A. E. Aitken, c. Koulton, b. Jamieson IS
C. \V. Irish, b. Jamieson 8
H. Dixon, b. Jamitson 10
Taliesin Evans, b. Jamieson 4
J. J. Theobald, b. Boulton 0
T. j'. A. Tiedemann. not out SO
H. N. Storrs. b. BoultoTi 0
G. H. Ward, b. Jamieson 0
H. C. Caeidy, b. Jamieson 0
Extras 20
MARRIED.
In the cricket match, married versus
single, played yesterday on the ground
at Alameda, the benedicts proved de
cidedly superior to the bachelors,
whom the.r defeated by 89 runs. The
victory of the benedicts was majnly
due to the fine scores of Lannowe (89)
and of T. J. A. Tiedemann (80 not out).
The total of the married team was 248."
For the single men D. Jamieson played
a fine innings, scoring 92 runs not out.
H. E. Boulton assisted with 32, but the
total of the bachelors was only 159.
The full details follow:
The tennis players practiced both at
San Rafael and on the courts in this
City, yesterday for the coming State
championship tournament. The crack
players crossed the bay to accustom
themselves to the conditions at San
Rafael during the July tournament.
On the California Club courts Grant
Smith and Carl Gardner played two,
post sets. Gardner played a clever
game and won both sets. Smith was
in ooor form and seemed unable to
make a stroke. He will have to prac
tice hard to play his best game on the
Fourth of July.
Chester Smith and, Melville Long put
up a fine game against Harry Rolfe
and Harry Butler^ The match was
close, the first two sets going to Smith
and Long and the last to Butler and
Rolfe. Young Long was playing out
of his class but did ruily as well as
the other three.
Rolfe and Butler played an unfin
ished set in which the honors were
even, each winning fourteen games.
Walter S. MacGayin showed a flash
of his old time form in his match with
H.*E. Punnett. The veteran won two
sets from his opponent. ' • -
On the park courts George Baker and
Clarence Foley furnished by far the
best match. Foley won the first . set
from the. park champion, but the lat
ter won the next three. The fourth
set was exceedingly close, and Baker
had no easy time disposing of his
younger opponent.
Another good match was that be
tween Clarence Griffln and James A.
Code. Griffln won botn seis, but Code
was right on edge and came near win
ning. In the second set he had a lead
of 5-2, but as usual fell down. Code
has improved considerably of late and
his club mates are finding him a hard
man to beat. He hits the ball much
harder than formerly.
On the Hotel Rafael courts Frank
Mitchell proved the best player. He
beat Herbert Long and S. C. Gaynesa.
Long secured three games in his set
with Mitchell, but Gayness failed to
get a game.
In doubles George Janes and H. Long
played a tie with A. H. Brabant and
Gaynees, each winning tljree sets.
Long was the star of the four, his
driving being the feature of the match.
The score follows:^
California Club — W. S. MacGarvln beat H.
E. Punnett 6-4. 6-5: Chester Smith and Mel
ville Long beat Harry Rolfe and Harry Butler
0-4,6-4,7-8; E. P. Robbins beat Harry Spring
6-4, 8-6, 6-2; Rolfe tied Butler 14-14; C. C.
Sayre beat Ray Daniels 6-3, 6-4; Carl Gardner
beat Grant Smith 10-8: 6-3; Robbins beat W.
G. Knowlton 6-4, 7-5; W. Murphy beat Spring
6-4, 3-C. 0-4.
Park Courts — George Baker beat Clarence
Foley 5-7, 0-1. 6-3, 10-S; L. Howell and C. Fo
ley beat J. M. Baker and G. Baker 6-3, 6-4;
Foley beat Marvin 6-1, 6-2; J. B. Adams beat
J. F. Brady 6-2, 6-4; C. Griffln beat J. A.
Cods 6-4, 7-5.
- San Rafael — Geonre Janes and Herbert Long
tied A. H. Brabant and S. C Gaynese, three
sets all; Harry Gabriel beat. Robert DroMa
7-5, 3-6, 6-2; J. BlumenthI and Brabant beat
Drolla and Gabriel 0-4: Frank Mitchell beat
Long 6-3 and Gayness 6-0.
Entries for the State championship
tournament will close on Thursday at
at 4 o'clock, and should be sent to Dr.
Sumner Hardy, Stockton and Sutter
streets.
ST. LOUIS, June 26.— The St. Louis
Derby to be decided at the fair grounds
next Saturday promises to be the great
est derby ever run at St. Louis. Among
the horses that have earned penalties
and will therefore carry mere than
their allotted weight are Moharib,
owned by John W. Schorr of Memphis.
• which won the Kansas City Derby and
finished third in the "tt'oricTs Fair han
dicap; On Wells, the Eastern candi
date, winner of the Tidal stakes; El
wood, representing California, and win
ner of the, Kentucky and Latonia der
bies.
In addition such good colts as Eng
lish Lad. Bearcatcher. Military Man,
Flower King, Prince Silverwings, Duti
ful, King Croker. RaJn;and, Bugler,
Montebank and Foresight will take
part-
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, June 26.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at the Fair
Grounds follow:
First rac*. four and a half furlongs, maidens,
*Wling— Fruit 110, Erla Lre 1«6. Luretta 10*.
L*Ua Hurter 103 J-allie McNeal 103, Cozzea
ltt>. Fair Lna 100, Red L*af. 100, Lady Lou
OS. IVakeful 95. Pharmacy 85, Aspatia H5,
Sooya K5.
Second race, elx furlongs, selling— Percy
CUrk '.11. Revenge Dare los. St. Vitas 1O&.
Miss Manners Ion, Ringdove lixj. Dr. tjoharlf
;<¦.".. Jake Weber 1OS, Santa Ventura 103. Howl-
Ing Dervith 103, Bensonhurst 103. Bombino 97,
Frank Carr 07. Yellow Hammer 85, Quaker
tiirl »0.
Third race, four and a half furlongs — Oceaner
1<X>. Hadrian ltw. Black Art 109. Saronola 109.
Howard Vane* 109, Woodiand* 109. Fred Horn
beck li#. Colonel White 1'jJ. Luretta M lotf.
Linwrick Girl K>C Auroceiver 100.
Fourth rar*, 6 « x furicr.rs— Elastic 121. Jlm
along 113. lee Water 111. Just So 100. Clear the
Arena K. Mattie H US.
Fifth raw., one and an eighth miles, jellir.R —
Mainspring 102. Canyon »9. Charlie Thcmr-foo
M*. Irish Jewel 88, Ada N 9t>, Bugler 94 Elie
'-•C. Mordella *>4. ,
Sixth rac*. one and a sixteenth miles, selling
— Thane 112, Trio 109. Eocrys 1C9. Bessie Mc-
Carthy 10%. Orphcum 1W. Pettijohn 10ft, Brood
ltr JO*. Lynch 1(4. Lady Matchless Iu3. Coaa
l ass 102. Trapsetter W, Preakness 96, Mildred
L Kt, Overhand SX
Weather threatening ; track heavy.
ST. LOUS SELECTION'S.
Vint race — fclria Lee, WakefoL
Sou} a.
Sei-ond race— Santa Ventura, Jake
Weber. l>r. Scliarff.
Third race — Colonel White. Wood
land*. Linicrick Girl.
Fourth race — Just So, Ice Water,
• Elastic.
Fifth race — Cliarlie Thompson, Elie,
Irish Jewel.
Sixth race — Bet&ie McCarthy, Petti
john, Thane.
« ¦- - ,
SUEE1*SUEAD BAY ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, June 26. — An unusual
ly heavy entry has been received for
to-morrow's races at Jsheepshead Bay.
The card fairly bristles with class.
¦ The entries:
i-'irst rapt, flve furlores of Futurity courne,
maiden two-year-oMt— Hot Shot 115, Dande
.lion 115. Atrcniiut 115, Jerry C 115, Sir iiril
lar 115, ferry ilcAden 115. Lobo 115. Britisher
115. ¦.:_-¦. 115, MaximiUaa lib. Maggie
ftroup 112, L*. i-uchelle 112. Courier 112, fnn
ce»« Eri* 112, Torcfaello 112. Kiaxnesca. 112,
sjjarkling 112. Ascot Belle 112, Fairy Dance
112. Red Keynard 115.
becond rac«, six furlongs, main track, sell
ing — KTlobharnpton 110. Prince Chlng 110,
Tej«e 105, Baikal 10T>. McMtekin 103, Baxdolph
102. Rossiguol 104, The Chub 103, Seymour 93,
Lit. Chajun V9. at. Baraaby 95, Toupee »7,
Cueea Belle 92. Gay Ltzzette 92, General Rob
erts M, Cascine 64. tmjicing Bells 64, Hy
tir&ngea S4. •
Third race, five and a half furlones. Fu
turity course, two-year-olds — St. Ballane 119,
IHamend Flush 119, Waterside US. Invader
115, Tongorder, 115. Axnberjack 115, Dandelion
112, Hot Shot 112.
Fourth race, cne mile, the Equality rtakes —
RoehJtmpton 116. Stolen Moment* 108, Grey
Friar 1.-. High Chancellor 111. Meltonlaa 111,
Illyrla 111. Beldame 110, St. Valentine 101,
Havable 121. High Chancellor and Savable.
iJrik* entry. r
Fifth race, one end an eighth miles, han
dicap*—Shorthose 117. Eugenia Burch 115.
Grey Friar 107. Dalesman 107, Carbuncle 102,
Mercury 100, Potentate 99. River Pirate OS,
Colonsay Jt-I. Brigand 95. Possession 93, Cas-
Queta &». Agnea 1> 87. Phaon 62.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth mllea on
turf, roaider.. selling — Nic Longworth J06,
• Worry 110. Sen De Lear 105. Aurumaster 108,
Mutiny 103, Etepaway 103. Hatchet 103,
Gract*dale 103. Frank Somera 101, Vanquisher
jno, Orad«Il 100. Eir Ship 100, Conceit 94, Gay
Lizzette 93. St. Gallen 91, Salora. 101, Catallne
HfQ.
tWath^r cl«ar; track fa«t
8HEEPSHEAD BAY r SELECTION'S.
By the ?>w Tork Morninr Telegraph.
First race — Britisher, Hot Shot,
Jerry C
Second race St. Bamabjr, Seymour,
Toupee.
Third race— Tongorder, Waterside,
Invader.
' *Y>urth race— St. Valentine, Bel
/laiii'-, Drake Entry. /
• -Fifth race— Grey Friar, Colonsay,
Eugenia Hun li.
Sixth race — Anrumaster, Catallne, ,
N*lc Ix»nff\vorth.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS*
Because of Recent Victories
They 31ust Carry More
Than Allotted Weight
Jamieson Makes Large Score
for Unmarried, but Cannot
Turn Defeat Into Victory
Second round — Lord Brazen beat Haphazard,
5-0; Orslna beat Racing Auto, 9-7; Carlow Boy
beat Colored Lady, 8-2; Rural Artist \ bye,
Tom Lipton withdrawn; The Referee beat Gen
eral Dewet, 4-0; Liberator beat Renegade
Apache. 2-1; J E II beat Red Pepper. 6-5;
•toilse Alarm beat Texas Jill, 8-3; Merry Go
Round beat Ragged Actor, 5-4; High Born
beat Rich Argosy. 7-6; Friendless Boy beat Sea
Lion, 4-2; Fancy Free beat Ready Address,
6-2; Raby Aurora beat Henest- John, 24-8;
Mickey Free beat Rose of Gold, 7-3; Rocker
Arm a bye. Texas Ginger withdrawn; Rapid
Water beat Icellus. 14-2.
Third round — Lord Brazen beat Orslna, 7-3;
Rural Artist beat Carlow Boy, 7-4; The Referee
beat Liberator, 4-2; J E H beat Falsa Alarm,
6-3; Merry Go Round beat High Born. 1S-9;
Friendless Boy beat Fancy Free, 5-4; Mickey
Free a bye, Raby Aurora withdrawn; Rocker
Arm a bye. Rapid Water withdrawn.
Fourth round — Lord Brazen beat Rural Art-.
1st, 6-3; J E H beat The Referee, 6-5; Friend
less Boy beat Merry Go Round, 12-2; Rocker
Arm beat Mickey Free, 7-2.
Fifth round— J E H beat Lord Brazen. 6-4;
Rocker Arm beat Friendless Boy, 8-0.
Deciding course — J E H beat Rocker Arm,
24-5.
Open reserve stake — Haphazard beat Firen,
9-3; Lord Brazen beat Cubanola, 10-3; Orslna
baat Rich Array. 8-1; Racing Auto beat Bright
Fortune. 13-4; Carlow Boy beat Golden For
tune, 11-0; Colored Lady beat Plunkett, 16-0;
Tom Llpton beat Pagllaccl, 18-10; Rural Artist
beat Silver Cloud, 6-4; General Dewet beat Ina
Clssus. 5-0; The Referee beat Galveston, 10-6;
Renegade Apache beat In Time, 10-1; Liberator
teat Tammany Maid. 16-2; Red Pepper beat
Fontenoy, 4-3; J E H beat Aeolus, 6-O; False
Alarm beat Chiltirara, 7-1; Octavlus beit T,sxa»
Jill, T-6; Ragged Actor beat Free From Flaw,
8-1; Merry Go Round beat Mark Twain; 12-9;
High Born beat Angus Clssus, 10-8; Rich Ar
gosy beat Gambit 8-7; Sea Lion beat Tamara,
10-0; Friendless Boy beat Money Musk, 9-3;
Fancy Free beat Sempronlus, 7-0; Ready Ad
dress beat Quita, 5-4; Honest John beat Master
Rocket. 14-8; Raby Aurora beat Texas Mamie,
10-0; Rose of Gold beat Texas Hoo Hoo, 6-4;
Mickey Free beat Little Klamath,. 7-O; Texaa
Ginger a bye, Lily Wright withdrawn: Rapid
Water a bye. Frank Dunn withdrawn; Icellua
beat All Baba. 7-3.
¦ Champion stake — Richard Anton beat Sacra
mento Boy, 4-3; Pocatelli beat Belle Free,
10-1; Rector beat Tom King, 6-3; Palo Alto
beat Full Moon, 9-5.
Second round — Pocatelli beat Richard Anton,
4-1; Rector beat Palo Alto. 6-0.
Deciding course — Pocatelli beat Rector, 5-3.
The deciding course of the open stake
resulted in a great trial between J E H.
and Rocker Arm, lasting two minutes
and twenty-five- seconds. The hare
then escaped. The former won by a
score of 24 to 5. The course was an ex
citing one, the efforts of the dogs
arousing the spectators to cheers. The
day's results, with Judge P. J. Reilly's
official scores, follow.
In the seml-flnal round Pocatelli and
Richard , Anton met and, while the
former won, the latter showed the
greater speed. Richard Anton led the
Nethercott champion six lengths to the
hare, thu3 proving to the satisfaction
of the experts that he is the fastest
greyhound in America,
Pocatelli, the upcountry greyhound,
maintained his supremacy yesterday
on the field at Union Coursing Park.
He won the Champion' stake, defeating
his old rival, Rector, in the deciding
course. '
J E H Defeats Rocker Arm
in a Trial Which Takes the
Fleet Dogs All Over Field
Oscar Graham Knocks Ball
Over the Fence, Bringing
Schlafley Home Cleverly
California and Park Courts
and Those at San Rafael
Are in Great Demand
COMPETITION IS KEEN
COMMUTERS PLAY WELL
LAXXOWE PLAYS FIN-ELY
HAKE REACHES ESCAPE
SOME AKE PENALIZED
Crack Greyhounds Meet in
Deciding Course of .' Cham
pion Stakes at Union Park
Eleven Married Cricketers
Prove Superior to Single
Hen. on the Alameda Field
Grant Smith, the Tennis Ex
pert, Is Defeated by Carl
Gardner in Practice Game
Dr. 3Ioskiman Keeps Tacoma
Tossers From Scoring in
Every Eound But One
English Lad, Moharib, Prince
Silver Wings and Others
Will Start at St. Louis
RECTOR LOSES
TO POCATELLI
BENEDICTS BEAT
BACHELOR BATS
CHAMPION PLAYS
IN POOR FORM
MEDICAL MAN
BEATS TIGERS
DERBY COLTS
TO MEET AGAIN
CHAMPION POCATELLI MAINTAINS HIS SUPREMACY ON FIELD
THE SAN ERANCISCO GALL, .MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1904:
The Kenniff brothers monopolized
the honors in the fly-casting contests
yesterday on Stow Lake, Golden Gate
Park, winning the four events on the
programme. The best performance of
the day was that of J. B. Kenniff in
the long-distance event, in which he
cast 123 feet. H. C. Golcher was sec
ond, with 119 feet. C. R. Kenniff
made 115 feet, while Horace B. Sperry
cast 104 feet, an excellent perform
ance for the short time he has be#n
competing. The day's official scores
follow:
tion on the Waters of Stow Lake
in Golden Gate Park.
Divide the Honors in the Competi-
KEXXIFF BROTHERS EXCEL
IN*- FL.Y-CASTIXG EVENTS
Glorious weather, abundant good
cheer and a big bunch of talent com
bined to make the Corinthian Yacht
Club's "High Tide" at Paradise Cove
yesterday In honor of the Family Club
a brilliant . success..
Many of the yachts of the Corinthian
fleet cruised up to Paradise Cove on
Saturday night and others joined them
yesterday morning. McNeill's launch
Flyer conveyed several guests to the
rendezvous, and others went oh "-board
the "steamer Golden Gate. The cove
was filled with yachts lying at anchor,
the flagship Speedwell and others being
decorated gayly with prize and signal
flags. Among the yachts were the yawls
Seven Bells, Acapulco and Frolic, the
schooner Lady Ada, the sloops Josie,
Belle, Truant, Emilie, Corinthian, Edna,
Genesta, Meteor, Neptune, Aloha, Dis
covery, Ruby, Espy, Freda, Thelma,
Presto, Vixen, Elsie, Beaver, Phoenicia
and Harpoon; the yawls Nereid and El
Rayo of the Corinthian fleet. The
schooner White "Wings, the yawl Royal
and the sloop Ariel represented the San
Francisco Yacht Club.
On arriving at Paradise Cove, many
small boats were on hand to take the
visitors ashore, where a baseball match
was soon begun between teams repre
senting the Family and Corinthian
Clubs. The Corinthian nine in four
innings scored 13 to 7. "Keegan"
Schober covered himself with glory by
scoring a home run.
After the baseball all hands ad
journed to a bull's-head breakfast un
derneath the trees. This was followed
by songs rendered by Signor Abramoff,
the Edna Quartet, Harry Cashman,
J. Noyes and others. "Kid" Nelson
rendered some songs excellently and
gave a fine imitation of a "barker" of
a menagerie.
The Superior Court "of the city and
county was well represented in the
persons of Judges John Hunt, F. H.
Kerrigan and W. P. Lawlor. f The Cor
inthian baseball nine was made up of
Schober, Follansbee, Johns, Sager,
Brickell, Marshall, Fay, Hammersmith
and Raymond.
The Family representatives were
Sweeney, Esberg, Lilienthal, Dott.
Moroney, CosgrlfT, Ford, Phlandt, Ros
borough, Dunn and McWilliams. Frank
W. Thompson was announcer and um
pire.
About 3:30 p. m. the yachtsmen be
gan to return to moorings, which were
reached in good season.
Annual Reunion of the Clubs
on Shores of Pretty Cove
Proves Brilliant Success
"HIGH TIDE" ON THE BAY
Tiburon Yachtsmen Give
Family Clubmen Bulls
head Luncheon at Paradise
CORINTHIA WINS
BASEBALL MATCH
11
ADVERTISEMENTS*
\\ BLATZ method is generally commented f
-fl on as most remarkable and unique, for B
j||||jj5 the reason that in most every par- ||
fijsjJSv* ticular it is original from a brewer's i
Jj~3w point of view. * * H
,/ vH. The very choicest of every com- fj
v4 v% ponent part of the Blatz brews is U
\\ {if. the invariable rule. Only the best |j
A of Mother Earth's crop is ever con- I
/ \^,\jt sidered. The result is a beer of r
I 'vJv nonest Quality with a goodness all *|
A \ ** s own - ~ J li
II YVwi^ Always the Same Good Old "Blatz? I
kte^^b^^ BLATZ MALT-VIVlNE-(Non-Iatoxkaat) I
¦ iTFiT — *» |J * A KAX.T TO2TIC (1
.P^ir For Convalescents and Bun-Down Systems. i'J
W VAL. BLATZ BREWING CO., Milwaukee I
&• SAM BIBO ®> CO., I
WHOLESALE OSA&EBS, 212 BATTIST STBZIT, H
8aa rraaciaca. T«l. Mala 5*53, jjjThe Society Islands are now export
ing large quantities of vanilla.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and nevralrfs.
SrcmsU. 60c Cask. Richard A Co.. 4M Clay."
Mrs. 'Annie Fletcher, a native of Ger
many. 42 years old. was found dead
by her husband at their residence. 502
Third street, last night. She had been
drinking heavily and death was prob
ably due to alcoholism.
Drink Causes Death.
Williams' face and head were badly
cut and bruised — plainly showing evi
dence of his encounter. He gave the
police a good description of the foot
pads and ears he can Identify them.
After ransacking the pockets of their
victim the thieves left him unconscious
and made their escape. Williams does
not know just how long he lay In a
comatose condition. When he recov
ered consciousness his assailants were
nowhere In sight. In vain the injured
man attempted to rise; he was too
weak. After lying still for a while
traltlng for some pedestrian to pass,
Williams succeeded In gaining his feet.
He made his way to the Hall of Justice
and reported the robbery to Corporal
McGee. Detective, Bralg was detailed
on the case, but found no trace of the
thugs.
William Williams, a miner from So
nora. was held up. brutally beaten and
robbed by two thugs early yesterday
morning: at Sacramento and Sansome
etreets. The robbers got 540 and a gold
-watch and chain from their victim.
WllliaxaB arrived in town Saturday
sad registered at the Brooklyn Hotel.
In the evening: he wandered down to
the Baxbary CoaaL About 12:30 he
started for his lodgings. He had
reached the corner mentioned when
two masked men jumped out from a
dark doorway. One of them thrust a
revolver in his face and demanded that
b* throw up his hands. Williams, who
Is a slant in stature, attempted to re
sist. He was quickly hit on the head
with a pistol in the hands of the taller
of tha two robbers. The miner was
felled by the blow. While he was ly
tng prostrate he was brutally beaten
and kicked.
While Returning to His
Hotel Tuolumne County
Resident Meets Thieves
MAN BRUTALLY BEATEN
William Williams, Visitor
From Sonora, Is Held Up
and Bobbed of Valuables
MINER A VICTIM
OF BOLD THUGS
The 1^8 «rvnit as. Paper Mil!.*. Tomales Bay and
Runian River offer, many delightful . places to
rptnd the 4th of. July. Good - hotel*. < boarding
hone**, cottages and camp ground*, s Tick«ts on
Bala July 1, 2. ." and 4, good to return until July
6 at following; round-trip rates: Cazadero Big
Trees or Duncans Ml He, $3;. Monte Rio, Mesa
Grande, Camps lietker' and Tyrone.- $2 60;
Tomaler. or Camp Pistoles!, $2; Point Reyes Or
Toealorca. $1 25; Camp Taylor.- $X' 16.- Sunday
low excursion rates and -trains on. both July 3
and 4. Extra train Saturday, July 2. at 5:15
p. m. for Point ¦ Reyes. ' etc. Inquire ticket
office. 626 Market street,- Ban" Francisco, for
copy of "Short Scenic Trips" or "Summer
Outlnffs. " '-'.jgjsgfei • • » •
Where to Go July 2 and 4.
It took fifteen cars to convey to Sun
set Park yesterday the 900 p,eople who
attended the family outing of the San
Francisco Relief Committee, Foresters
of America. The feature of , the out
ing was the dancing, which, after the
luncheon in shady nooks by the bab
bling streams, was kept up for several
hours. It was a well conducted affair,
which gave many who did not care to
dance an opportunity to enjoV the In
vigorating air and the beauty of- wild
mountain scenery.
Foresters' Outing Is Enjoyed
The handsome Church of St. James,
at the corner of Twentv-third and
Guerrero streets, was the scene of a
beautiful service yesterday in 'com
memoration of the twenty-fifth anni
versary of the ordination of Rev. P.
R. Lyrtth. Father Lynch founded and
organized the church in 1888 and has
been its rector ever since. Previous
to that time Father Lynch had spent
ome tiitie in the mountain countries
ministering to communities widely
scattered and turbulent. They were
seeking gold, not God.
The interior of the church was dec
orated. The altar. of pure white, cov
ered with flowers and with every wax
taper lighted, formed an imposing
sight. High mass was -held' and this
gave opportunity j for the beautiful
choral and instrumental music. Father
Flynn was the celebrant and his so
norous voice echoed to the vaulted roof.
Several priests from other churches
of the city were in the sanctuary and
many were in the congregation that
filled every pew In the - great church.
Rev. Peter C. Yorke delivered a ser
mon and a eulogy of Father Lynch,
dwelling at length on the work- and
self-sacrifice of the' rector of St. James.
Father Lynch was also the recipient
of mementos from "his many friends.
After the service Father Lynch met
the men of the parish and gave an
informal luncheon at the parochial
residence. The following priests Trom
churches in the city and nearby towns
were present:
Reverends P. S. Casey, Father Frie
den. Father Vlubert, M. D. Connolly,
P. J. Cummins, M. . D. Slattery,. R.
Fuhr, M. Neumann,. John F. Nugent,
Terence Caraher, Henry Wyman, John
Rogers, P. M. Griffin, J. J. Hennessy,
Philip O'Ryan, P. A. 'Foley, John P.
Coyle, Thomas McSweeney,- J. B." Mc-
Nally, E. J. Dollard, J. J. Gannon, P.
McGuire, Robert Kenna, P. Foote, T.
Callaghan, P. E. . Mulligan, John Cul
len, William Lyons, Father Calzie, Rev.
Father Byrne of Napo, Rev. P.' Farley
of Pasadena and Rev. Father Doran of
St. Patrick's Seminary.
Solemn vespers and benediction were
held last night at 7:30 o'clock.
Father Lynch came to the Pacific
Coast with the highest. hope of accom
plishing great results. He .was ordained
by the Right Rev. Stephen .Vincent
Ryan of Buffalo, on June' 24, 1879, at
Bonaventure Seminary, CattarauguB
County, New York. ; Immediately after
his ordination he came to San Fran
cisco and was appointed assistant pas
tor of St. Patrick's Church, Mission
Father Lynch then became assistant
to the Rev. Father James Croke at St.
Vincent's Church, San Rafael. .'; He was
later recalled to St. Patrick's Church,
where he labored until appointed by
Archbishop Riordan, in. May, .1SS5, to
the pastorate of St. Patrick's, Sonora,
where he remained till November, 1886.
street. Father Lynch, was there but a
Short time when he was appointed -to
take charge of) St. Joseph's School,
Tenth street, where he remained till the
death of Rev. Father Hugh Gallagher,
in 1882. -¦
Father Lynch bought the property
upon which the present imposing
Gothic church and buildings stand and
began, building the. church; -which -.was
completed and dedicated by Archbishop
Kiordan in 1S91. ¦ The property - and
buildings ar entirely free of inc.um
brances. ¦ ¦ ' . .
In that year, owing- to the serious ill
ness of hi3 mother, he went to see her
at her home in Ireland, and it was on
his. return to San Francisco that he
was appointed to build up St. James 4
parish.
John F. Clark appeared as a monol
ogisf and singing comedian. All of
,his work was heartily encored. Foster
and Foster were on the programme In
a comedy sketch, "Wanted, a Pianist,"
which afforded all that was expected.
Gallagher and Barrett opened in an
operatic comedy, "The Stock Brokers,"
and received an abundance of applause.
Helen Bertram sang several of her
charming selections, winning applause
from orchestra to pit. The Farrow
Trio's bicycle pantomime in "A Night
on the . Boulevard" was clever. Gracey
and Burnett, la a comedy sketch/ and
The Orpheum bill this week is ex
cellent from (Start to finish. Valerie
Bergere & Co. present a one-act play
let by Grace Griswold that makes a
pronounced hit. Miss Bergere as
O. Chicka San, a- fascinating daugh
ter of the Mikado, won applause In
many situations and . the other mem
bers of the company are entitled to
credit. . .
A lively Programme Entertains Audi
ence at Popular Playhouse— Fire
Department Views Criticized.
ORPHEUM'S. NEW BILL.
CONTAINS MANY HITS
The natives of the island are deemed
the best pearl divers in the world and
for years they have made a living at
their craft. But when the Americans
appeared on the scene with their pat
ent machine they nearly monopolized
the Industry of the natives, who de
pend almost entirely on pearl diving as
a means of livelihood.
The divers are cruising about the
South Seas in a little schooner in com
mand of an old seaman named Max
well, well known In that part of the
globe. Maxwell became wroth when
the natives of the Island drove him
away and he at once entered a protest*
with the Tahiti Government. As a re
sult the gunboat Zelee was sent to the
scene of the trouble and may be heard
from soon. :*&,
The Americans were routed quickly.
The natives have since kept a sharp
watch and there seems little chance of
the enterprizing divers encroaching on
the beds. It is said that the Americans
were deriving a profitable income from
their thrift, but it is probably at an
end now. ':¦': •'. ".-.
The officers on board the Alameda,
which arrived- in this city yesterday,
bring the startling intelligence that the
natives of the island of Taumotu, one
of the smallest of the South Seas
group, have seized the diving appar
atus brought to their country by a par
ty of enterprising Americans who
aimed to monopolize the oyster pearl
diving industry of that neighborhood.
The Americans arrived at the little
island some time ago with an elaborate
diving apparatus and quietly ' set to
work to rid the seas of a lot of the
pearl oysters so abundant thereabouts.
The natives did not comprehend at
first what it all meant, but soon they
began to observe that pearl oysters
were getting scarce and they at once
pounced on the foreigners and their
•'devil machine."
J. Breitendach. 586 Guerrero street,
reported to the police last night that he
had been robbed of $10 by a pickpocket
on a Halght-street car near Stanyan
street yesterday' afternoon.
Robbed on Street Car.
Dr. Nicholas Senn. the famous sur
geon of Chicago, is on his way here
from the East. He will go to Hono
lulu on the steamship Siberia and
from there to Samoa, thence to Aus
tralia and around the world.
Pearl Fishermen of Taumotu
Island Object to Thrift
of Party of Americans
NATIVES ROUT
YANKEE DIVERS
POPLLAK PRIEST, WHO YESTERDAY CELEBRATED THE TWENTY-KIFTH ANNIVERSARY OF HIS ORDINATION. AND
THE CHURCH AT TWENTY-THIRD AND GITERRERO STREETS IN WHICH THE SERVICES WERE HELD, WHICH HE
FOUNDED. AND OF WHICH HE HAS ALWAYS BEEN THE RECTOR. - |
Howe and Scott, as Hebrew comedians,
complete the entertaining programme.
The pictures of the fire department
are not realistic, inasmuch as they fail
to show action. The machines that
cast the pictures on the canvas seem
to be defective and a mistake would
be made If Chief Sullivan should per
mit the films to be exhibited as cor
rect portrayals of the maneuvers of
the local department.
That there was a great deal of en
mity on both sides Is admitted. The
police say the non-union employes of
the stables had often threatened to
"get" the union men should they try
to. intimidate them. The strikers, on
the other hand, were alleged to have
made threats against the "scabs."
Little is known of Smith. Williams
and Williamson, the three negroes un
der arrest. Smith says he has been in
this city for four years and has fol
lowed various occupations. The other
two are comparative strangers and the
the police know nothing of their past.
They stand by the statements made
last night, and say they were attacked
before the fatal shot was fired.
The Inquest over the body of the
dead man will probably be held to
morrow. Detective Ryan wants to
have It postponed as long as possible
in order that he may collect some evi
dence.
MUCH BITTER FEELING.
• The union men who were with Gal
lagher at the time he was shot are
keeping under cover. Gallagher's
young wife is prostrated, and she and
her child present a pitiful sight. He
'was their sole support and his death
has left them in poverty.
The proprietors of the Excelsior,sta
bles apparently know nothing about the
shooting. : They can give no Informa
tion other than that' they have heard
that the union men had been threaten
ing to make the non-union' hands quit
their places of employment. They say
that Gallagher was a peaceable citizen
and a good workman. No one around
the stables saw him loitering in the
vicinity on the night of the shooting.
Eye witnesses of .the snooting tell
different stories. In fact, no two relate
the same tale. Some say that but two
shots were fired, but others swear that
five or more explosions were distinctly
heard. The police say there must have
been a dozen shots exchanged.
EYE WITNESSES DIFFER.
Another -Important discovery vtsls
made by Ryan. He found two bullet
marks In the house at the southwest
corner of Polk and Post streets. This
house is situated directly back of where
the negro fired the fatal shot, so there
is .no question -that the bullet holes
were made by one of the party of
union men.
The detectives working to solve the
motive , for the murder of Andrew
Owen Gallagher, the striking stable
man who was killed by James Smith,
a non-union negro employed; at tha
Excelsior, stables on Polk street, have
uncovered more evidence that tends to
show that Gallagher was one of the
attacking party.
Detective Thomas Ryan visited the
scene of the shooting yesterday morn
ing. He discovered a revolver in the
gutter of Walnut avenue. Two of Its
chambers had been discharged. The
negroes under arrest positively deny
owning the revolver, and the police be
lieve it is the property of one of the
party of union men involved in the
row.
Police Inclined to Believe
That Union Men Charged
Negroes Near the Stable
BULLET MARKS IN WALL
Sleuth Finds Discharged Ee
yolver Near "Where An
drew Gallagher Was Shot
MORE EVIDENCE
OF AN ATTACK
THE SAN; FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY; JUNE ; 27, 1904.
Rev. P. R. Lynch's Extended Period of Faithful Ser
vice Is Celebrated by Beautiful Ceremonies at the
Edifice in Which He Has Labored So Arduously
SILVER JUBILEE SERVICES
AT CHURCH OF ST. JAMES
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BDWEN
& CO*
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Foods and other vital neces-
sities and luxuries.
The best families of the
Pacific Coast have been
buying good foods here for
naif a century.
The number of customers
increases with each year —
There must be a good
Wfaei tcb estertaia job need us
Pasha Blend Coffee 30
reg'Iv 35c lb— Rich flavor— 2 lbs 55
heavy body
Sublime Lucca Oil 60
reg'ly 70c quart can
French Olive Oil 30
reg'ly 35c pint
Spanish Olives— Gold Medai 20
14 or bottle— reg'ly 25c
Egg Noodles-California JO
reg'ly 15c package
Chutney— R- b. & Co. pt 30
Bombay— reg'ly 40c— 60c bot qt 50
Corn on Cob 50
reg'ly 55c gallon can
Soda Crackers 20
reg'ly 25c— 3 lb carton
Bouillon CapSUleS-Beef tea 25
Celery flavor— reg'ly 30c box of tea ¦
Wheatena— reg'iy 20c pkg 15
Health Food Co. New York
Lazeran Sardines— is 27^
Boneless— reg'ly 30c
-Horseradish— Mustard 10
reg'ly 15c bottle
Olive Farcies 25
Spanish olives stuffedVith 45
anchovies— rcg My SOc-^-GS bottle
Bay Rum-St Thomas lsld.-CB*c.
8 oz bot— ree'ly 35c 2o
14" " " 85c 6 0
Dundee Orange Marmalade
Keiller's— reg'ly 25c jar 22^-
Freezers-2 qt-reg'iy 12.15 l.ss
' 3qt lt 2.65 2.20
Rtitrh^r Knivp<; online wnson
DUlCnCI I\niVe5 English %tcc\
6 6 7 8 9 inekes
special 25c 30c 30c 40c 50c
reg'ly 30c 35c 40c 60c &5c
W & F Gin-reg'ly Jt.50 1.25
Large bottle or stone jug
Highland Club 85
Scotch whisky— reg'ly $1.00 bot.
White Wine -reg'ly 75c gal 55
FOP Port-reg'ly $1.00 bot 75
reg'ly $4 gallon 3.00
Old Mellow Rye whiskv
reg'ly f 1.00 bot-3 for $2.00 * 75
•' 4.00 gal 300
Fruit SyrupS-regMy 60c bot ~;\A0 ¦
Telegrafo
Good value for smokers
Relna Victoria— reg'ly $11.00 $9.00
Alcalde R 10.00 9.00
White Label " 10.00 9.00
Bostonians " 10.00 8.50
AD V JEJLTISTrflTrTrrraL
company, urocers,
110 Fourth Street. No Liquors.
Tel. Howard 19S6.
OUR SPECIALS ARE WINNERS.
WE OFFER
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday:
19 lbs. DRY GRANULATED SUGARi
(Cane), $1.00. Others sell 16 lbs.
FLOUR. CHOICE FAMILY (Every Sacfc
Guaranteed). $1X5. Reg. $1.20.
BUTTER. BEST CREAMERY (No bet-
ter), per square, 35c Reg. 40c.
GOOD TABLE BUTTER, per square. 30c.
Reg. 35c.
SALAD OIL, large quart bottle^ 15c
Reg. 20c.
JELLY GLASSES, with Covers, per doz.,
37HC Reg. 35c.
TEA. GOOD ENGLISH BREAKFAST,
per lb.. 20c Reg. 35c
HONEY. Santa Rosa, per comb. ICo.
Reg. 15c
HAMS. EASTERN PICNIC. Nice ao4
Plump, per lb., 9c. Reg. 10c.
ELK CREAM, per ttoz. (Every Can Guar-
anteed). 90c.
3 sacks TABLE SAXT. 5c Reg. 5c sack.
8 cakes DIAMOND C SOAP (Th«*- Give
* Premiums). 25o. Reg. 6 for 25c
EGGS. BEST MISSION, per dos., 23w
Reg. 30c.
20 lbs. SAL SODA. 25c Reg. 2c lb.
MASON JARS, pints 50c doz.; qts.. 60c
dozen.
8 lbs. JAPAN RICE. 25c Reg. 6c lb.
4 cakes SAPOLIO. 25c Reg. 10c pkg.
We pay freight on orders of J5.00 and
over to points within 100 miles.
Tired babies become restea
babies when fed on Mellin's
Food. Mellin's Food nour-
ishes.
You win be glad that you sent for a sample
of Mellin's Food when you see bow eagerly
baby takes It.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Xm th« only ear* far Nervotu aad
_ - Bronchial ASTHMA, j
Tour DruK Btst or at 69S HAIGHT ST., i
.: • £*a JTaaclacok C«i. 3
Burnett's Vanilla. Extract Is sold
by all the best «Tt>cers everywhere, try It. •
AT>VZBTISIiMKWTaL
HOUSE-FURNISHING
..AjKJyJUu...
EXTRA VALUES.
/WHITE AND COLORED MARSEILLES
Oft 7K AND WHITE .SATIN FINISH BED-
d/il OJ SPREADS, full size for double fieds,
ta = \ hemmed realu for use and yeru hani-
Each some deslans. Regular pHce $3.00 and
V $3.50.
0ft fill f ARABIAN A ND RENAISSANCE LACE
0 yi'UU J CURTAINS, In. a large Yarletu or new
U I designs. These are a new importation
Pair v and measure 3 and 3# uards In length.
H /TAPESTRY AND REP PORTIERES, Doth
nil figured and plain colors, some with
'UU{ f pinged ends, others with Persian hand
. horders, a good Yarietu of styles, good
p«ir \^ value for $5.00 pair.
CO Kfl ( FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
OK i J U J extra large size and assorted hordera.
U I We have onlu 25 pairs of these. goods.
Palr I Our regular price has heen $10.00 palp.
¦7|-^ Y 20 PIeCBS EXT R A HEAVY BLEACHED
| IP J TABLE DAMASK, 68 Inches wide. These
I UU I are Irish manufacture and we have
Y.rc* V them In 8 different designs.
(A CnfLARGE SIZE IRISH LINEN HUCK
0 / 1 w U J TOWELS. These are alreadu hemmed
km | and come In assorted horders. Good
oo^e-r. V value $3.00.
CO K fl f Olie Case FULL SIZE BLEACH E° DINNER
OAiuUJ NAPKINS, in yeru handsome designs,
L I from one of the hest Irish manufac-
Do*« n V turers, well worth $3.00 dozen.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STKEET.
I The "President" Suspender. f~~ I : .. - .... ¦• ~j Men's New Hosiery.
B IL n idem" susoender in §Iffc4& §# &&&% 81 f^^^l^ W iP9 hosiery comes
I 1 II a ' ar . 2:c variety of JifiM'fc' Jaxw^B^^B j& m 6» lr>^O' n * ancv str 'P es anf l
S UUU wet >bi»Ks; in heavy.. " . | I lol. lace. Every pair
n www medium and light • . lUOv/has extra double
I pender isTrob'ablv^hlfrnost' 857*859 M&Tket* St. ,.: . soles, heels and toes.
H popular made and sells ree- . Strictly fast colors. Every
g tilarly for 50c. We are eiv- ' one can be fitted— there are
I ing you this grand- oppor-; UppOSlte POWell. . all sizes. These sox have
Ej tiinity to save money at our r r . . , ... i
I clearing out sale. ' ¦ ' ¦ ' ' • ¦ been selIin * f ° r 2 $ c -
H f""* VERY article and garment offered here is at a price that is lower than it ever has been
H j\ marked. The values are sensational when the se'asonableness and desirability of the goods
II . .are considered. • ; J
§ Box of Fine Assorted Fireworks With . MEW'S SUITS. v ! Men's Trousers Specla!. \
I Eiery Boy'S Stilt. , /h I A n r-. This is atmt bar- ~ Thcse trousers come
1 /hO Or B °V*' suits in dark V ./ W K Ss • sil s t ?he V 7 L U in -^ ancv wo « lcds -
iiis^Wi H3 #ip: iii^ii
I V/LtUU dou'bY? breasted ? •* eluding alUhe new- and are hiehlv tail-
1 style and lined with Tai ofed ih'^heieh t* of .° rcd th [ ou^°Ht and guaranteed to
| a good quality Italian cloth. The f ash ior Twill I be Solaced on sae at r J ect nttm* T he value' of
H nanu have taned teams drills "? nio P» W J" replaced on sale at these trousers is $3.<;o.
g pants nave tapea seams. ¦ drilled, -this extremely low price. They
H pockets, hold-fast buttons^and oat- arc all our regular $21.00. $22. so. ' • ¦ ' i
Bent excelsior waist bands. The $20.00 and $17.00 values. ; ' Men'S Shift Bargains.
H ages they are made for are from ¦ — -- — °
H 8 to 15 years." -We sell these regu- .. , , :, . . _. . , . ;-/. :
B lariy at $3.8=;. Men's bummer Neckwear. Qc ft F /. ench p« rcales and^madra*
I Big reduction in the prices of all ¦¦¦•-¦. , ,., — ~. ¦ . ODG S £-l ts ' Cllffs 11 to t m ? tch ' Thes , e
B our boys' washable summer suits. > (A* Silk stock shieid bows; All shirts, are air oi the season s
H ¦ : — HIP made in the newest oatterns newest Patterns and colors and are
1 Men's Dnderwiar. ;. l^J|^^ o §S^MiS fejSS^fiiSS^g^f^
y c" ¦ ...... . styles now being .worn in -the sold them for less than: $ woo and
I 7R0^ SummC m e - Rht ' fa "9V la «- Eastern cities. These bows sell $'-5o. ; but for this sale you may
If f OG^ave balbnggan shirt- and ordinarily. for^c, -We are offering them for O ffti- JO CO
¦ '.""drawers. -Th's underwear' them a t this sale Q f nr OCft 35cor 0 lUI.Ol.JU
la comes in blue and pink colors and" at toe nr J Ilil ZDU. ;! v ?____
II is thoroughly serviceable. The . .: .-.:.. '
U regular price is 50c. « p ft You may have your choice HStS and CflDS.
P «•-,: This is an' 1 extra -value in sjOG of any of our ' 5 ° c andi 75c ¦ *— '¦ • ..'
P jnii men ' s French balbriggan . • "eck^ear, either tecks, four- Oft ,, „. . , .. ,
I JUU underwear. The colors are' ¦»" hands, imperials or English -° cy^5"- s and bovs a »-wool
il salmon and brown and are Ruar- squares. They come in all the new-' go« caps.
H/anteed fast.- It.isa.splendid sum-: est; shades. ' This is; anpther great ?1.1O— Boys' cowboy hats with
fl mer underwear and sells regularly bargain and we are selling them - , fancy leather bands. This is an
II for soc. • . • at 35c apiece or Q fnr C| flfi exceptionally low price on a hat
i A| |r Men's. Otis American- \ -*'•.'• j W'lUI;V»iUU that is now the prevailing fad.
I Oil ID 'j' 1^ non-shrinkable un-; ift 1--A11 of our.tnidcet and club OOc—Men's and boys' fedoras in
M 7 . •-, " J erwear - These;come;m ; ,|2^(; ties have.been included: m all the latest shapes.
fi two of the most, popular, colors, v " x .this great 'sale. .Some -arc -^ , . _ . ,.
|l blue and 5 pink, and are somethine- in s patterns never; before/ shown.; . Men's and boys' straw hats at one-
m fine. , They cannot be : had forless; They are : our .regular '2."ic; and Soc" half regular price. ; We intend to
El -.than '$1.50. v. - . .¦.,-¦ . • values. ' -' . ~ . clear out our entire stock. ,;