THE WUT3E3.
Tcrecast rasie at San rraa
clacD Jcr thirty hesri esdlngr
xoi.Cs i^i-.t, June 4 :
Saa Pras Cisco and vlcisity —
Pair Zat-^rdcy; continue! wann
weathdr; lirit acrtli j win&s,
cl:a=KTir.sr to fresh westerly.
A. G. oilcADIE,
District Forecaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, ; SATURDAY,tyUNE 4, .1904.
War News Continued on Face TWQt
...The Navy. Department Is advised by
cable that > the - Marietta left , Gibraltar
to-day, having gone there ¦ for stores
for the combined squadrons now at
Tangier. " .
Ojeda -has an Intimate knowledge of
M6roccan affairs and is disposed to .re
gard the present situation as danger
oil". -...'¦:•
VIENNA, June 3.— Ten delegates,
representing 20,000 fugitives, have ar
rived in Sofia with a memorandum for
the representatives of the powers. In
it tlie fugitives state that they refuse
to return to famine-stricken Macedonia
and state that the Turks are prevent
ing them from settling In the district
of Adrianople. They Implore the pro
tection of the Bulgarian Government.
The Prefect c* Burghas, on the other
La-d, telegraphed the Bulgarian Gov
ernment that the Turks are creating
no difficulties whatever In the way of
returning fugitives to the vllavet of
Adrianople. •
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Macedonia Delegates
Carry Note for the
Powers.
BUTTE, Mont, June 3.— A lumber
man named C. Thibdeau met a fright
ful' death in the mills at Bonner. last
night, his shirt sleeve catching on the
set screw of a rapidly revolving .fly
wheel, tearing his clothes -from him
and dashing, his naked body against
the floor with sickening force every
time the wheel revolved. With such
power was the corpse hurled -that a
two-Inch p'lank . in the -flooring was
broken by the Impact. Every bone
In Thibdeau's body was crushed.
Mill Employe and Dashes Him
to Death. ,
Revolving Wheel Catches Clothing of
MONTANA LT7JLBERMAN
MEETS • AWFUL DEATH
The Japanese Consul at Gensan wires
that 2D1 Russians arrived at Ham
heung yesterday.
Colonel Mlamoto of the Emperor of
Japan's household la expected to visit
the Japanese army in Korea soon. He
will personally represent the Emperor
and carry to the soldiers inspiring: and
complimentary messages from the Em
peror.
The Tokio Cabinet's present consid
eration of the peninsula problem, it Is
hoped, will shortly result In outlining
plans for future relations with Korea.
SEOUL, Korea, June 3, 5 p. m.— It la
reported that 300 Cossacks are moving
on Plngyans from the "east coast ot
Korea. The nature of the country
through which the Cossacks must pass
practically prohibits travel except by
the regular roads, which at the best
are mere mountain trails.
While there Is no absolute"conflrma
tlon of the report that Japanese Minis
ter Hayashl is 1 1 visit Japan soon, yet
it is believed to be probable, as the
Japanese Government undoubtedly
wishes to consult him. Owing to hia
long diplomatic residence in Korea,
Minister Hayashl Is regarded as a
most competent authority on prevail
ing conditions In Seoul. The Japanese
legation has already submitted to the
home Government suggestions on a
future policy to be pursued by Japan
toward Korea.
COSSACKS OX MARCH.
FUGITIVES
PLEAD FOR
PROTECTION
Bishop Johnson says the building of
the railroad is assured and a number
of wealthy Mormon bankers of Utah
are .Interested. The project has the
backing of a syndicate of New York
and London capitalists. The southern
terminus of the railroad being at
Ameca Jalisco, It willopen up a ter
ritory hitherto untraversed by any
pack trains. The country Is said to
be marvelously endowed with natural
agricultural and mineral wealth.
From Ameca the road will run to
the northwest to strike the city of
Mazatlanon the Pacific Coast, which
has never had a continental railroad
connection and is accessible only by
sea and overland , stages. Turning to
the northeast, the road will touch the
city of Culican, the capital of Sinaloa.
Going slightlv northeast through, the
States of Sinaloa and Sonora until it
reaches the northern "boundary of Chi
huahua, It will cut across the great
divide and go direct to : Cuidad. Jua
rez, connecting •with the numerous rail
roads which • meet at El Paso.
AUSTIN, Tex., June 3.— Bishop W.
Derby Johnson Jr., who has charge of
the Mormon Church work of the sev
eral large Mormon colonies in Mexico,
is in the City of Mexico perfecting the
details of a concession which he is to
be granted by the Mexican Government
for the construction of 1500 miles of
railroad in that country. He has also
obtained from the Mexican Govern
ment on behalf of the Mormon Church
a grant of an additional tract of 100,000
acres of land upon which several large
Mormon colonies are to be located.
It 4s reported -that "Varley has. offered
to pay the ransom demanded to save
the life of Perdicafis and himself, but
the brigand lays greater stress on other
conditions., Finally It Is feared that
neither England ..nor America realizes
the critical state of 'affairs nor the
brigand's determined character. . .
WASHINGTON, June 3.— Senor \ Don
Emilo de Ojeda, Spanish 'Minister; is
congratulating' /himself that ¦ his wife 1
and daughter,. ¦ were ..',' not involved \ in
Perdicaris* V kidnaping at ,1 Tangier.
Senor Ojeda. .who for many years was
Spanish Minister'; tbr Morocco, was an
intimate' friend ;ofi Perdicaris and fre
quently visited at* his villa; three miles
outside of 'Tanglen Senor. Ojeda, -in
April, received from his wife a letter
stating that; Perdicaris had asked her
to spend the month ,'of, May, at Tangier.
Mme. OJeda planned to accept, the in
vitation, ".'.. but .; subsequently the slight
illness- of her. daughter. Inclined'* her to
postpone '¦ the trip. 'she
would have been at the home, of Perdi
caris when the '. .bandits ¦ ; made. ' their
descent on the) place, overpowered I the
servants, bound , the ' women; and seized
Pt-rdJ carls- and' his '> stepson. ,V Senor
Ralsoull has sent. an ultimatum con
cerning his: demands and also a time
limit for his. answer. It- is believed the
lives of the captives are -in the greatest
danger, as it is realized that Raisouli
is playing his ..last, card to become a
recognized chief or lose all.
GENEVA., June 3.— A telegram just
received from a friend of Mr. Varley
at Tangier says there Is great uneasi
ness and indignation felt by 'the Eu
ropean population there, at the action
of the United States In 'handing over
the direction of affairs | to France,
which Is not especially interested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The street car company has secured
a number of strike-breakers and a few
cars were run during the day. In addi
tion to the trainmen eacn car carried
half a dozen strike-breakers armed
with clubs. -Some of the strike-break
ers have been arrested for carrying
revolvers.
HOUSTON, Tex., June 3.— There was
turbulence in the street car strike to
day, several. men being hurt, but none
seriously, and to-night the Mayor or
dered the militia to disperse a crowd
which had gathered about the office of
the street car company. The. militia is
held at the armory to .await further
orders.
Big Railroad Scheme
' Is Projected by
» Utahans.
In the Little Arkansas River at this
point was blown out by dynamite at a
late hour this afternoon. There was no
immediate danger, but the river was
rising and higher water was reported
Xrjther north.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 3.— A tor
nado at Dallas, Tex., to-day blew the
roof off the office of the Western Union
Telegraph Company and caused other
damage throughout the city. As far as
known no one was hurt.
The storm broke over Dallas at 2
o'clock this morning and continued
with great force until 5. Rain had
fallen in torrents all night, accompa
nied by a heavy wind which finally de
veloped Into hurricane proportions.
I Several small houses in the outskirts
! were wrecked.
Europeans Insist
France Is Not
Interested.
Militia of Houston Is
Called Out by the
Mayor. ;
AMERICAN CITIZKN WHOSE CAP
TURE IN MOROCCO HAS
AROUSED NATIONS.
MORMONS
MAKE PLANS
IN MEXICO
NEW YORK, June 3.— An infuriated
bull gored Stephen Haines, on a farm
near Morristown, N. J. Mrs. Haines
grabbed a pitchfork as Haines fell
and plunged it into the animal's ribs
many times. She then used the handle
as a club. A fortunate blow on the tip
of the nose so pained the bull that It
turned and ran. Haines was badly in-
I Jured.
New Jersey Wife Reaches Husband
in Time to Save Him From Being:
Gored to Death.
WO*IAX USES PITCHFORK
I OX INFURIATED BULL
SOLDIERY
DISPERSES
THE CROWD
The Dally Mail's correspondent at
Mukden, telegraphing under date of
June 3. says that fighting occurs dally
beyond Liaoyang. but that a decisive
battle is not expected for some time.
The Japanese plan of campaign is re
garded at Mukden as now having been
definitely disclosed. They occupy tho
Liaotung Peninsula in three divisions
between Nengalen (Nakwanling) and
Wafangtien. with a line of communica
tion by the coast to their position at
Fengwangcheng.
The Standard's Tokio correspondent
mentions the discredited rumor that
General Stoessel proposed a surrender
on the condition that the whole of tha
Port Arthur garrison should be permit
ted to retire to Newchwang under arms.
The Post's Shanghai correspondent
also says that General Mistchenko has
sent 4000 cavalry of the Imperial Guard
from Kuangchengtsu to cut off the
Japanese at Pitzwo. No great reliance,
however, should be placed on these dis
patches, which have evidently some
common Chinese origin.
LONDON, June 4. — A dispatch to the
Daily Express from Tokio says that
Field Marshal Yamagata has been ap
pointed commander in chief of all the
armies in the field. He is expected to
proceed to the LJaotung region shortly.
No further .light has been thrown on
the rumors concerning General Kuro
patkln's Intentions. Dispatches in the
Morning Post from Shanghai and to
the Chronicle from Newchwang repeat
the reports of the movement of 13.000
Russians to Kaiping. The correspond
ents assert that five days' fighting took
place at Wafangtien and ttat the Rus
sians are employing 4000 carts to re
move munitions from Liaoyang to Kal
yuen, seventy mf.es north of Mukden.
KANSAS CITY, June 3.— Nine per
sons are reported to have been killed
and many injured in a collision of pas
senger trains on the Missouri Pacific
Railroad near Martin City, fifteen
miles south of Kansas City. The trains,
which met head on, were the west
bound Colorado limited. No. 1. and the
eastbound accommodation train, No. 36.
A messase received by officials here
ordered them to send a relief train
as soon as possible and to get all the
surgeons obtainable, from which it is
inferred that numerous passengers
were hurt. Newspaper men were not
permitted on the relief train, which left
about 11 o'clock to-night, and details
of the accident will not be learned until
the return of the train with the dead
ar.d injured.
Train No. 1, the Colorado flyer, had
orders to meet train No. 36, the ac
commodation, at Mastin. The crew, it
is believed, overlooked its, orders and
met train No. 36 south of Mastin tank,
about one and a third miles south of
Mastin. The engines were both large
and were demolished. Among the dead
is a tramp who was riding on the
"blind baggage." Baggageman Williams
on train 36 was injured and Engineer
Slocum on No. 1 has a broken leg.
.Fireman Whaley on No. 1 was hurt.
The day coach on the accommoda
tion was telescoped. The chair car was
not damaged, however. The mail car
on the express was telescoped and the
end of the baggage car stove In. At
1- o'clock Saturday morning the relief
train had not returned to Kansas City.
NINE DIE
IN CLASH
OF TRAINS
YAMAGATA
WILL LEAD
THE ARMIES
WINDS WORK , ILWOC.
When the Western Union building
was struck a panic ensued among the
force at work in the operating room.
All wire communication with the out
side was cut off for several hours, but
it was partially restored at 9 o'clock.
At 5:45, however, the city was again
shut out from the outside world.
It is believed that more or less dam
age has been done in the outlying
country. -;:• -*. - ,;
JOPLIN, Mo., June 3.— Several
houses were unroofed In Joplin, trees
were uprooted and many, booths ar
ranged t for the annual carnival were
wrecked by a severe windstorm, while
a torrent of rain that followed flooded
the downtown streets, filling basements
and causing more or less other dam
age. The storm was general through
out South- .stern Missouri and much
damage was done In the country
ARKANSAS CITY. Kans.. June 3.—
A tornado struck Glencoe, a town of
1000, in Payne County. Oklahoma, to
day, demolishing five residences ' and
destroying the Methodist Church. Sev
eral persons were hurt, none seriously.
Much damage was done to farm prop
erty.
X woman and child, names unknown.
are reported drowned at Florence.
The damage done by the flood is im
tn»^sc Hundreds of thousands of dol
lars' worth of bridges have been de
stroyed ar.d growing crops are greatly
harmed.
OKLAHOMA CITY. O. T.. June 3.—
Continued heavy rains have swollen
ell streams in Oklahoma and Indian
Territory to the point of overflowing.
r.n(T •hcisands of acres ar- under
water. Railway traffic Is threatened in
many plr.ces.
WICHITA. Kan., June 3.— The dam
-"he Fanta Fe and Missouri Pacific
have had great trouble with their
track.-?. AXasy washouts are reported.
Th^ Santa Fe has been sending its
trrins west on the Rock Island all day
and expects to resume traffic on its
own lines* by to-morrow night.
TWO LIVES ARE LOST.
At Emporia the Neosho is stationary.
while the Cottonwood Is rising. At
Stro-~ City the Cottonwood is slowly
f&llm . The vater extends for miles
Jn ths lowlands of these two rivers. In
the Ccttonwood VcJ!cy i. from three
to ten fee* deep.
Heavy rains are falling to-night in
OfB.se County. The Marais des Cygne
Hirer, as a result, is rapidly rising
again. This will r..~ke trouble at Ot°
lav.a. on the Santa Fe.
Sar.d Creek, at Newton, is falling
rapSJly.,
TOPEKA. Kan., June 3.— The Kansas
River at this place is rising slowly to
night. It registers slightly over twelve
feet above low water* mark. The
Weather Bureau says that by noon to
morrow the river will be three feet
hi^'ae:. No great damage is anticl
pat«" > Rain is reported to-night from
upstream towns.
The rainfall in the Kaw River water
shed In Kansas is described by the
weather bureau officials as being
"moderate to heavy." They do not
expect any trouble will result at this
point from the fr-il. The river is ris
ing slowly, but unless there is a very
heavy rainfall in the watershed to
night a dangerous water stage will not
be reached.
At Emporia the Cottonwood River
rose three inches an hour all night and
i« now as high as last year, when it
reached the highest water mark ever
known. The Cottonwood is still rising
rapidly. To-day it broke across the
bottomland between the river and Dry
Creek, which Is three miles south of
the river and runs parallel with' the
river several miles.
Emporia is too high to be flooded,
but the low portions were inundated
and many negroes driven out.
At Fort Scott and vicinity the flood
of six weeks ago has been repeated.
The Marmatin there Is a mile wide
ar.d has cut off Belletown, a suburb,
where several hundred persons have
been driven from their homes.
KANSAS IUVEU RISING.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. June 3.— The
heavy rains of the last few days in
Kansas are confined mostlv to the
counties couth of the Kaw watershed.
As a result the valleys of the rivers
¦which flow southeast are flooded. The
tributaries of the Kaw are not dan
gerous. "
The worst floods to-day were in the
valleys of the Neosho, Cottonwood,
\>rdigrris, Arkansas, Little Arkansas,
Walnut and Marmatin rivers. All
creekg through this section are flood
ins and impassable. " The rivers all
drair- to the south warfi: " TiepoTt* frwra
Chanute, Humboiat, Neosho Falls and
Strong City, Emporia and Cottonwood
Falls show that the Neosho and Cot
tonwood rivers are flooding their val
leys and doing great damage to town
property, oil fields and farm lands
throughout their entire length In Kan
£28.
Independence reports similar condi
tions along the Verdigris, while the
Walnut, the Little Arkansas and the
Arkansas are out of their banks and
still rising.
KAW REGION* SAFE.
BERLIN. June 3.— Professor Koch
I has returned to Germany- after eighteen
1 months' research in British Africa with
I the announcement that "he has discov
ered serums for the prevention of cat
tle, horse and mule epidemics, which
have been killing 20, lief; cent of the
African.';, hordes, especially animals
brought fro:n the Unirecl States.
Koch has further determJnedthat the
African rinderi>est is altogether differ
j ent from the Texas J&Sfiiyygltfch Amer-^
j ican importatf tjn"toWhiilicrto''been*coii
j Eidered the chief cause of cattle mortal
ity in South Africa.
Koch's new cattle serum consists of
a chemical solution of blood taken
from animals that had the disease. The
inoculations are harmless and eventu
ally render the animal immune. It has
been four.d possible to combat horse
disease by treating healthy animals
j with the blood of animals which have
died and then administering serum,
whereupon the animals experience a
light attack of sickness, finally becom
ing immune.
For his services Koch received 5150.
000 from the Rhodesian Government.
He declined a rich offer which would
have involved his leaving the service
of the German Government and set
tling permanently in Africa.
Sp<>e;aJ Dispatch U> The Call.
Watershed of the Treacherous Raw Is
Practically Safe, but Southward
Conditions Are Doubtful.
Rhodesian Govtrnment Fays a Large
Sum, but Cannot Betain. Famous
Scientist's Services.
Many Streams Overrunning
Banks and People Are
Alarmed.
Professor Kocb Finds a Se
rum to Prevent Cattle
Kansas Rivers Creep
to tlie Danger
Mark.
Noted Doctor Tells
of Research in
Africa. .
PHYSICIAN
ANNOUNCES
DISCOVERY
PERIL LIES
IN THE RISE
OF WATERS
LOXDOX, June 3. — The Rome correspondent of the Central News telegraphs: "A Tokio dispatch to the Giornale^d'Italia says that the Japanese have occupied the first outer fortifications of Port Arthur after a feeble resistance.
The correspondent at Tokio of the News Agency Liberas says that four divisions of Japanese troops have occupied Tuantung^heights, on which they emplaced heavy, artillery, dominating Port Arthur. The same correspondent adds that the
Russian squadron attempted a sortie, but was forced to return, being threatened by the Japanese fleeti^ . i : : - . /
ULTIMATUM OF MOROCCO BANDIT
RENEWS FEAR THAT THE CAPTIVES
MAY DIE BEFORE RESCUERS ARRIVE
PETALUMAN KILLS HIMSELF
IN PRESENCE OF HIS BRIDE
Sensational Tragedy at an Early
Hour This Morning in the
Grand Hotel.
In the presence of his young bride, Peter Hanson of Petaluma shot and
killed himself this morning shortly after 3 o'clock in the Grand Hotel.
Hanson and his young bride came to the hotel last Thursday and regia-
This morning the watchman of the hotel heard the shrieks of a wo
man and rushing to the Hanson apartments found Hanson sitting in tha
parlor of his rooms dead, with a bullet hole through his right temple.
A revolver lay on the floor under his legs.
Mrs. Hanson was paralyzed with fright and could not give any pos
sible motive for her husband's actions.
A telegram of congratulations addressed" to them from friends in Peta
luma was on the table. The following note, written in German, was
"My Dear Lena: Please forgive me for what I am going to do. I feel
that God calls me. The bricklayers will take care of my body.
"PETER."
JAPANESE CAPTURE FORTIFICATIONS NEAR PORT ARTHUR
AND GUMS ON HEIGHTS MENACE THE RUSSIAN STRONGHOLD
Alcazar — "Toll Gate Inn."
California — Janice Meredith."
Central — "A Celebrated Case."
Chute3 — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Tiie Little Minis
ter."
risctcr'8 — U XJ. 3."
Grand — "Oisaxcnrt*."
Orpnamn — Vaudeville.
Tlvoli — M Tb« Toy Maker."
Matinees at All Theaters To-Da7.
THE TKEATEE3.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
VOLUME XCVI— XO. 4.
The San Francisco CallAssessor Is Accused of Embezzlement.
VICTORIA, B. C. June 3.— T. B.
Hall; Provincial Assessor, with super
vision over the Victoria district, , was
arrested to-day and charged with the
embezzlement of more than- $5000
from the funds of his department.
Hall is one of the best known men in
the province, having come here fif
teen years ago. He Is very prominent
In commercial -circles."
SACRAMENTO, June 3.— The break
in the levee at the Edwards place, a
short distance south of this city, is not
yet closed, but the contractors hope to
close it next week. The crevasse is
still fifty feet wide and twenty feet
deep and a roaring stream is pouring
through the gap. The river rose eight
een inches at the break to-day on ac
count of the north wind driving the
water down stream. This was a severe
test on the piles, but they stood well.
Cne cable was snapped by the force of
the current, but two larger cables were
immediately bent on and the -work
I-roceedtdwith. There are three barge
loads of rock ready to be dropped into
the crevasse and two more are ex
pected " to-morrow.
ROARING STREAM POURS
THROUGH GAP IN LEVEE
. ST. LOUIS, June 3.— A suit against
the estate of Wlnfield j Scott Stratton,
the late Colorado
was brought in.the United Otates Cir
cuit Court of Appeals from the United
States Court .at Denver to-day. The
case is one In - which Stratton's. IndcU
pend«jnce Limited Company to
recover $6,000,000 from the Stratton
estate. The; company, alleges that it
paid Stratton $10,000,000 i.or a mine
which proved to be worth 'only $4,000.
000.. : The decision at', Denver was In
favor of the estate and the appeal is
brought- to' St. Louis.
WANT SIX MILLION'S
-FROM STRATTON ESTATE
Charges Bring About Resignation.
SAN JOSE. June 3. — The charges of
neglect and incompetency against W.
P. Squire, secretary of the Police and
Fire Commission, have been dismissed,
and the resignation of that official ac
cepted. The commission heard the evi
dence, and then agreed to drop the
charges if Squire would resign. ' E.
Griffith war elected as secretary. Squire
had held the office for two years.-
TACOMA. June 3.— A dispatch from
Nome says that the Steward Peninsula
is about to enjoy an era of develop
ment and that there will be astounding
jesults as soon as ditches can be con
structed for the distribution of water
to the various mining districts. Ex
perienced miners declare that there will
be an Increased output, from year to
year, so long as a supply of water can
be found and distributed by canals;. It
is shown' that the actual number of
working months since Nome's develop
ment began, - five years ago, has . been
or.ly fifteen. Nome's output up to this
time has been $23,000,000, averaging a
million and a half per working month.
If the Steward Peninsula had Cali
fornia's climate it would probably con
tribute fifteen to twenty million dollars
yearly to the world's gold output/ ¦•
SllNERS EXPECT BIG ROOM
ON THE STEWARD PENINSULA
BERLIN. June 3. — The Inter
national Woman Suffrage Confere/ice,
called by . the International Woman
Suffrage Committee, .with headquar
ters in the United States, met. here to
day for the purpose of organizing tip
International league for the promotion
of woman suffrage. , Delegates were
present from Great Britain, France,
-German, Holland, , Sweden, Austria-
Hungary, Switzerland, Denmark, and
New Zealand. Miss Susan B. Anthony
accepted, the presidency of the league,
but' announced that she. would leave
the actual work of .presiding, to Mrs.
Catt of Wyoming. '. . «C-; ; ;, ¦ ,
Efforts Will Be Made. 'to Organize an
International Lcneue in For-
. cigu Cities.
WOMAN SUFKIIAGISTS
CONVENE IN BERLIN
Countervailing: Duty on Chile Goods.
¦ WASHINGTON. June 3.— The Secre
tary of the Treasury has issued a cir
cular of instructions to customs offi
cials assessing a countervailing duty
on wines and rectified alcohol Imported
from Chile.
SURVIVOR OF CHICO
DUEL IS EXONERATED
CHICO, June 3.— The Coroner's Jury
ci lied to investigate the death of Wade
Hampton, who was disemboweled here
yesterday by* Fred M. Morris In the
course of a fight with knives, exoner
ated Morris, the tes'.'mony showing
conclusively that Hampton was the ag
g.essor and that Morris was pursued
by him for several blocks. Morris was
released from custody.
The identity of Hampton has njt
been established, but the police believe
he had a criminal record.
LOS ANGELES, June 3. — The man
who committed suicide at the Arcade
Hotel in this city last Wednesday by
inhaling illuminating gas has been
identified as E. D. Sheets, who for the
past twenty years had been in the
employ of the Snyder-Trunkamp Com
pany, manufacturers of • Cleveland,
Ohio. He was identified through his
brother. Colonel B. F. Sheets, of Ore
gon, 111., a lay delegate to the Method
ist General Conference just adjourned
here. Colonel Sheets, who was on hi3
way to the Yosemite, read the pub
lished reports of the suicide, together
with the description, and at once rec
ognized the suicide a» his brother. A
telephone message from Colonel Sheets
at Santa Barbara this afternoon
stated that he would come here and
take charge of the body. Sheets came
to Los Angeles from Cleveland several
days ago and met his brother, but gave
no intimation that he contemplated
suicide. Domestic trouble is' said to
have been the cause.
Brooding Over Domestic Troubles
Prompts E. D. Sheets, an Eastern
Salesman, to Commit Deed.
LOS ANGELES SUICIDE
IDENTIFIED BY BROTHER
The following amounts were .allotted
to Western posts: Enlarged posts in
Alaska, $150,000; Fort Honolulu, Ha
waiian Islands, $173,750; Fort Mason,
Cal., $50,000; Whipple Barracks. Ariz..
$187,500; Fort Yellowstone, Wyo.,
58500.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— Secretary
Taft to-day approved the allotments
made by the quartermaster of the
funds for barracks and quarters at
various army posts and forts to be ex
pended during the fiscal year begin
ning July 1.
The following amounts were allotted
to forts on the Pacific Coast: "Fort
Worden. Wash.. $130,100; Fort Casey,
"Wash, $53,000; Fort Benicia, Cal.,
1227.150; Fort Rosecrans, Cal., $8000.
ting Apart Sums for Various
Army Quarters.
Secretary Taft Favors Action Set-
APPROVES ALLOTMENT .
FOR BARRACKS* FUNDS
At large — Henry E. Ayers, Charles H.
Bonesteel, Simon D. Buckner, Philip
Gordon, Charles L. O'Hall, - West C.
Jacobs, Herman Kobbe, John C. F.
Tlllson Jr., William H. Sage Jr., Rod
ney H. Smith and Robert H. Fletcher.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— The cadets
designated, to enter j the West Point
Military Academy this month were an
nounced at the War Department to
day. Among them are the follow
ing:
California— Robert. S. A. Dougherty,
George S. Patten. J. Edward A. Everts
and Earl J. Atklsson.
FORTUNATE LADS WHO
WILL ENTER WEST POINT
A resolution was passed thanking
the members who assisted in saving
'the life of Engineer A. E. Montague
of Albany, N. Y., who - narrowly
escaped drowning in the surf at Playa
del Rey. Beach yesterday. Those named
in the resolution were:-S. A. Strlcklett,
Columbus, Ohio; J. H. Buckley, Hart
ford, Conn.; J. E. Robe, Columbus,
Ohio, and W. E. Futch, Cleveland,
Ohio. . . .
LOS ANGELES, June 3. — The bien
nial convention of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers to-day elected
H. E. Wills of Clinton, Iowa, third
assistant grand chief engineer. C. H.
Salmons of Cleveland, Ohio, was
unanimously reflected to the position
of second assistant engineer. The lat
ter office carries with it the editorship
of the official organ of the brother
hood.
Pass a Resolution Thanking the Mem
bers Who Saved A. E. Montague
From Being Drowned.
BROTHERHOOD ENGINEERS
RESUME WORK OF SESSION
SAN JOSE, June 3. — The suit brought
by Alice Campbell-Kawanakoa. wife
of Prince David, and Muriel and Mary
Campbell against their mother, Abigail
K. Campbell Parker, and ¦ the other
trustees of the will of the late James
Campbell, the millionaire Hawaiian
planter, who died in Honolulu In April.
1900, to set aside the sale of the Hotel
St. James property in this city on the
ground of fraud and conspiracy, was
decided In favor of the defendants by
Judge Rhodes to-day, who held that
the complaint failed to state a cause of
action. The decree distributing to the
trustees the proceeds of the sale, $182,
572, is sustained. .... :„".:;-
Judge Rhodes Decides Against Her
and Her Sisters In Suit Brought
Against Their Mother.
WIFE OF PRINCE DAVID
FAILS TO MAKE OUT CASE
NEW . YORK, June 3.— Lawrence
Cowle Phipps, the Pittsburg million
aire and philanthropist, caused his two
young daughters to be secretly taken
by force from the rooms of their moth
er in the Hotel Netherland early to
day and fled with them back to his
home. Mrs. Phipps as soon as she
learned the children had been removed
pursued the husband and children to
the Pennsylvania Railroad station at
Jersey City, where she boarded the
train in which they were seated. Her
attorney demanded the police to arrest
the husband as a kidnaper, but they
refused to have anything to do with
what they termed "a family, disagree
ment," and Mr. Phipps and his children
were permited to continue the journey
to Pittsburg.
Philanthropist. Phipps Takes His Two
Daughters. From Their Mother's
New York .Home.
MILLIONAIRE FORCIBLY
SECURES HIS CHILDREN
SAN BERNARDINO. June 3.—Twen
ty-four German and Austrian boiler
makers, who were brought here by the
Santa Fe railway to work In the shops
in the places of the strikers, and who
were discharged when found incom
petent, left to-day for Los Angeles,
vowing that they would lay their cases
before the Consuls of their respective
nations in order to get the difference
in wages between what was paid them
and what they declare is due them
from the company. The men were
brought here from New York and
Pennsylvania and set to work in the
stockade, but had to be discharged in
a few days. .' They claim that the com
pany was to have paid them thirty
eight cents an hour and lhat some of
them got no more than twenty cents.
They further claim that some of thejn
were hired to work near Chicago and
others near Kansas City, but that once
aboard the cars guards were placed
over them and they were forcibly de
tained until they arrived at the local
stockade. They engaged an attorney
to sue the company, but local mer
chants visitedthe company offices with
them ' with the result .that the men
were tendered pay according to the
value of their ' services, which they
gladly accepted, although they gave no
receipts. Some -who expected top
wages as first-class mechanics were
-suspender makers and cloak makers.
When their incapacity was discovered,
they were made to "pile lumber and do
other menial work. -"
It was pointed out to ; them that a
suit would cost more . than they could
afford, while they would have to re
main here as witnesses during an in
definite length of time, whereupon they
left the city vowing to place the mat
ter in the hands of the Consuls.
Foreigners Imiwrted to San Ber
nardino by the Santa Fe Are Dis»
charged for Ineonipeteney.
STRIKE-BREAKERS FAIL
TO GIVE SATISFACTION*
SAN DIEGO, June 3. — Miss Edna
Adrian Dennely, the 17-year-old
daughter of G. W. Dennely. a prom
inent real estate dealer of Escondido,
this county, eloped with John F. Alum
baugh, aged 27 years, this morning,
and the latter-.is now in the custody of
officers on the charge." t>f '.abduction.
Alumbaugh obtained the marriage
license in this city and gave the girl's
age us 18 years, but her mother says
she is only 17. She was to have gradu
ated from the Escondido High School
this evening. Yesterday morning she
drove with her mother to the Escondido
Postofiice and while Mrs. Dennely was
absent, Alumbaugh, who lives at Ocean
Side and who was formerly a livery
man, drove up and took Miss Dennely
in his buggy around to the home of a
clergyman, where they were married.
They then set out for Ocean Side. The
mother learned of the wedding after
missing her -daughter and swore out
a complaint against Alumbaugh
charging him with abduction. He was
arrested at Ocean Side.
Sevcnteen-Ycar-Old Girl Leaves Her
Parents' Home in Escondido to
Wed a Liveryman.
ELOPES ON THE EVE
OF uER GRADUATION
DENVER, June 3. — The Fire and
Police Board appointed yesterday by
Mayor Ppeer to-day elected Police
Captain Michael M. Delaney Chief of
Police to succeed Uamilton Arm
strong, who was elected Sheriff at the
late city election.
Denver Chief of Police Elected.
PARIS, June 3.— A dispatch to the
Temps from St. Petersburg says:
It appears that the Russian relief
column of 20,000 men, mobilized for the
succor of Port Arthur, has abandoned
its project owing to the fall of Kin
chou and the landing or Japanese re
inforcements.
Russians May Not Send Arniy to Aid
of Port Arthur.
RELIEF IS ' ABANDONED.
TOKIO, June 3, 6:30 p. m.— The total
of the Japanese casualties at the' battle
of NanBhan Hill, on May 26, is 4304.
They are divided, as follows: Thirty
one officers, including one major and
five sergeant majors, and 713 non
commissioned officers and men killed ;
100 officers, including one colonel, one
major and twelve-sergeant majors, and
3460 non-commissioned officers and men
wounded.
More Than Four Thousand Men Fall
at Xanshan Hill.
CASUALTIES OF JAPANESE.
CHEFU, June 4.— A Chinese passen
ger on a junk which arrived here from
Dalny states that he was at Port Ar
thur recently and that the Russian
force there, inclusive of sailors, num
bers 40,000 men only. The four larger
vessels of the Russian fleet are undam
aged, but all the others are in • the
hands of the repairers. The Japanese
have restored order at Dalny and Ta
lienwan and have driven out the ban
dits. Dalny, according to the passen
ger's story, was not badly damaged by
fire. Only the old town was destroyed.
sand Men in the Garrison.
Chinese Says There Are Forty Thou-
NEWS OF PORT ARTHUR.
The negotiations for a.- treaty to al
low firms in the Unfted States to sue
in thie courts of Russia and the United
States respectively have-, .been ..com
pleted and the treaty probably will be
signed by Foreign. Minister Lamsdorff
and Embassador McCormick In a few
days. Under the existing Russian law
United States corporations can. be
sued, but cannot sue in the courts of
the empire. ; • '¦. .',' v ...'; „ V
ST. PETERSBURG, June 3.— It is
authoritatively stated that no nego
tiations have .yet . been ..begun . looking
to a new commercial treaty between
Russia and Great Britain.
United States to Be Benefited by
¦ •• Privileges .in Court. ; r;
NEW TREATY WITH RUSSIA.
KUROPATKIN ROUSED.
Russian General Awake to Fact That
Japanese Are Strategists.
NEWCHWANG, June 3, morning.—
Every 'effort on the part of the Rus
sians -to communicate with the south
ern part of the Liaotung Peninsula has
resulted in failure. The Japanese are
in control of all avenues of communica
tion and they allow no messages to
pass. With the exception of the au
thorities, the Russians' in Newchwang
are daily growing more depressed at
the outlook. One officer of high rank,
who has arrived here from Mukden,
spoke as follows concerning General
Kuropatkin.
"He is awaking to the fact that the
Japanese are worthy of praise." said
this officer. ."He declares- that'- their
recent operations prove them"* to be
among "the greatest strategists in -the
world," arid- to this must be added great
daring, capacity'* forwork? and ''ability
to stand punishment. The general did
not believe this before, but now it has
been demonstrated." » • • -.•¦
The mills at Harbin are being worked
day and night in grinding Manchurian
wheat, and their daily output is esti
mated conservatively at 750,000 pounds
of flour. The Russian authorities are
encouraging the ; farmers to plant
larger crops than ever- before. They
are not depending on the trans-Siberian
Railroad for the transportation of sup
plies.
• Contract Surgeon Victor E. Watkins.
United States army, now at Fort
Miley, California, will proceed to Fort
Apache, Ariz., and report for duty.
James Stout and Baxter D. Barnes,
both of Sonoma, are appointed as for
est rangers.
The following named enlisted men,
now 1n this city, having performed
duties assigned them on special orders.
Department of California, May 25, will
be sent to their proper stations: Ser
geant Major Harry B. Smith,-::eenior
grade, artillery corps, Fort Baker, Cal
ifornia, with permission of delay for
two days en route; sergeant, first
class, Samuel P. Leopold, Hospital
Corps, Army General Hospital. Pre
sidio, with permission to delay two
months and .twenty days en route;
private, first-class, Clark C. Ricketts,
Hospital Corps, Army General Hospi
tal, Presidio, with permission to delay
thirty days en route; privates, first
class; Henry H. Forsythe and Everett
E. Crane, Hospital Corps, Army Gen
eral Hospital, Presidio, with permission
to delay twenty days en route; private,
first-class, Frank Fenton, Hospital
Corps, Presidio, with permission to de
lay one month en route.
The leave of absence on surgeon's
certificate of disability granted Colonel
Henry Wygant, Twenty-second infan
try, in special orders No. 92, April 29,
Department of- California, is extended
three months on surgeon's certificate
of disability.
Henry J. Neper and Fred B. Robin
son of San Francisco and John N.
Thornton appointed as railroad mall
clerks.
Oregon — Blue River and Cleveland.
Washington — Austin, Cloverland,
Clyde, Darlington, Doty, Spokane Ridge
and Woodinville.
WASHINGTON, June 3.—Postmast
ers commissioned:' Wade J.- Williams,
Jamison, "California; '
- New office — Winef red . Wright, Ingol,
Shasta County, California.
Changes, fourth-class postoffices, Cal
ifornia — Chino, San Bernardino County,
MoTton E. Simmons, vice Nelson
Sleppy, dead; Reward, Ingo County,
Anthony M. Bonner, vice Henry C.
Steele, resigned; Thermaiito, Butte
County, Catherine Marchinton, vice
Sarah J. Lascomb, resigned.
Postoffice salaries readjusted —
Oregon— Klamath Falls, advanced to
J1300; Junction City, to- $1100; Wasco,
reduced to $1100. Washington—Spo
kane, advanced to $3500; Tacoma, ad
vanced to $3400.
Fourteen letter carriers are author
ized for San Francisco on July 1.
The following postoffices will became
domestic money order offices on
July 1:
California — Bernard, Burlingame, De
lavan and Hermosa Beach.
to the Service in San Fran
cisco—Army Orders.
Fourteen Letter Carriers Are Added
OF INTEREST, TO. PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
'"There is no question but what all j
"other nations look with hope and ex- |
pectancy to the United States. .They j
feel how thoroughly it would accord
.with our plain institutions if the Amer
ican Government would take the lead
in this question and call, for instance,
a second congress similar to that at
The Hagm? with a view to the negotia
tion of arbitration treaties between the
different countries and to the renewal
of the discussion of the reduction of .
armaments. This, indeed, will be the j
proposition of the American group at
the St. Louis conference, and a concur
rent resolution is already pending in
Congress requesting the President to
convene such a new world parliament
If emanating from the United States •
the acceptance of the invitation to the i
other powers will be almost certain, j
and especially if by the adoption of this j
American proposition at St. Louis the
members of the Inter-Parliamentary ;
Union will use their influence with j
their respective governments in this di
rection. Then the greatest of all steps
forward will have been taken. Law and
justice will be substituted for brute
force in international relations, as it
was done long apo in civilized society,
and all mankind will rejoice in this
crowning act of modern civilization."
"The Award of the Alaskan Bound
ary Tribunal" was discussed by Robert
Lansing, associate counsel before that
tribunal. Lansing said that while the
tribunal which brought to a conclusion j
the long dispute was not strictly one
of arbitration, it nevertheless partook
of that most important quality of ar
bitration — the settlement of an- Inter
national controversy by the peaceful
method of Judicial adjustment and de- i
termination. He thought that "the ren
dition by this equally balanced tribunal
of an award decisivelv in favor of one
government and decisively against the
other was a' great victory for those
principles of equity which shopld con
trol the conduct of nations in their
dealings with one another."
A resolution was adopted indorsing
the sentiments expressed by President
MoKinley in his annual message. of 1838
and by President Roosevelt of 1903 in
favor of the exemption of unoffending*
private property at sea from capture
during a war. The resolution asked
that a committee memorialize the Pres
ident, Congress and the Secretary of
State to call an international congress
to consider the. exemption- of private
property and to * formulate^ a code of
war on seal '¦-'¦'. L '-. ' '¦
During the afternoon Judge Gray, the
presiding" officer, received the following
telegram from President Roosevelt: !
1# Permit me to congratulate the In
ternational Arbitration Conference and
to express my earnest hope for the suc
cess, of all efforts of this kind to pro
mote peace and justice among* the na
tions."
To this message the " conference re
plied, expressing its thanks arid appre
ciation.
The leading si>eakers to-day were
Justice Brewer of the United States
Supreme Court and Congressman Bar
tholdt of Missouri. Congressman Bar
tholdt, who organized in Congress last
winter a group of the Inter-Parliament
ary Union, addressed the conference on
that subject. He said in part:
MOHONK LAKE, N. T., June 3.—
The conference on international arbi
tration to-day adopted a platform of
principles which appeals to all persons
to co-operate in diffusing such a right
eous sentiment and feeling toward all
classes, conditions and races of men
that international arbitration will
be resorted to as the best means of se
curing international Justice whenever
diplomacy fails.
REDDING, June 3.— -Mrs. Anna Llt
trell died three years ago leaving a
flO.000 estate, and John J. Littrell, a
son, was appointed administrator on
the showing being made that there was
no will. He and a brother, Francis J.
Littrell, bought out the interests of
three "other children In the estate, as
all had shared alike in the distribution.
All went well until recently when Mrs.
Aiina Bidwell, a sister of the two men.
alleged in court that there was a will
and had John J. Littrell cited to ap
pear and produce the Instrument. The
hearing came up to-day and Francis
Littrell, who- recently fell out with his
brother John, took the stand and testi
fied that two days after their mother's
death he ' and John went over her
papers and found a will, by the terms
of which John was bequeathed but 55.
John took the will, he testified, and
he, the witness, had never seen it
since. For interests of his own, the
nature of which he did not confide to
the court, the witness kept the exist
ence of the will a secret, but said that
his conscience has been bothering him
and he wanted to make a clean breast
of the entire affair, even if he had to
go to State prison for.it.
John Littrell testified that Mrs. John
Littrell, his wife, was with Francis and
he when they went over their mother's
papers and that no will was found.
Mrs. John Littrell corroborated the
testimony of her husband.
Judge Head found at the conclusion
of the hearing that Mrs. Anna Littrell
had left a will, but that it is not in
possession of John Littrell, which
means that if the heirs who are anxious
to have the will produced can show
the contents of the Instrument they
may go ahead with the probating of
the document.
Reference to the Colorado strike sit
uation was again made this afternoon,
but the convention postponed any ac
tion until after the report of the com
mittee from Cripple Creek, who were
appointed to visit that district and re
port conditions as they found them.
DENVER, Colo.. June 3.— The morn
ing session of the convention of the
Western Federation of Miners was
taken u© in the discussion of the re
port and recommendations of the com
mittee on affiliation with other labor
organizations. The report was adopted.
It provides that the executive boards*
of the American Federation of Labor
and the American Labor Union be
asked to Join with the Western Federa
tion of Miners in a conference for-amal
gamation. and that all national and
international labor organizations be in
vited to send representatives to the
conference. The call for this confer
ence will* be issued by the executive
board of the Western Federation of
Miners "at an opportune time."
The abolition of the transfer card was
brought up for consideration at the
afternoon session, and a heated debate
of nearly, two hours ensued. The cham
pions of the present system were united
in their opposition to any radical
change, and the delegates who held the
opposition were animated by a fervor
none the less genuine in their contention
that the method now in vogue be re
voked. A vote was at length taken, and
though a majority of the delegates put
themselves on record against the, trans
fer card, the constitutional two-thirds
was lacking. The old system will there
fore be maintained.
"My mother grabbed hold of me to
throw me downstairs, but I threw her
lirst and she fell "to the bottom. I
went downstairs and found that her
head was twisted to- one side. I then
saw that she was dead, and then I
straightened her neck and covered her
up with a cover from my bed."
After concealing the motionless
form of his mother the boy went to
a neighbor's with his tale of how she
had left him alone while she went
visiting to Philadelphia. It was not
until the following Sunday that sus
picion was finally aroused and the
body was discovered. When arrested
the boy maintained the coolest de
meanor, admitting that he had been
In terror of his mother for years and
hated her. He displayed three cheap
watches which, he said, he had
bought, and when asked if his mother
had not had a considerable sum of
money in the house he admitted that
she had $50.
"On Tuesday, May 24, about 8:30
o'clock, I came home after sleeping on
a steam roller all night," he said, "and
went upstairs to sleep some more. I
had on^y K ot to sleep when my mother
came upstairs and told me to get up.
and if I did not get up she would throw
me downstairs.
TRENTON. N. J., June 3.— Nathan
Sibbetts, 14 years old, broke down to
day after nearly two weeks of stout
denial of guilt and confessed to the po
lice that he was responsible for the
death of his aged and crippled mother,
Hannah Sibbetts, after a quarrel in
their home at Jacobs Creek, six miles
above this city. To-night he was com
mitted to await the action of the Grand
Jury.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, June 3.— According to. the
National Zeitung, the new Russian
Asiatic squadron will leave for the Far
East between August 15 and 20.. It
will consist of eight,' battleships, three,
first class; two second-class cruisers,
the dispatch boat Sozetlana and_ more
thana" dozen auxiliary'cruisers, "ten of
which have been taken from the Black
Sea volunter fleet. These Jatter. have
a speed of from ' eighteen to twenty
knots.' Enormous quays are being con
structed at Cronstadt.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
aid. Copyright. 190*. by . the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
i ST. • PETERSBURG, June 3.—Lieu
tenant General Zilinsky, chief of staff
to General Kuropatkin, transmits to
the Minister, of War, under date' of
June 2, a .report of General Stoessel,
"dated "> Port Arthur. May 26, -as ; fol
lows: ? .'V.-' '¦/¦ / ' '¦'.-..' ¦,. ,:' -V, _¦': ¦?' i-\- r*u.:-:. ; '. .
,. -,'After .,a. fierce battle, lasting two
days, I "ordered our positions at'Kin
chou* to" be 'evacuated" in the" evening,
for we had opposed to us at least three
divisions with 120 guns. \
"The enemy's fire, particularly that
from four gunboats and 'six torpedo
boats, annihilated bur batteries, mount
ed at .Kinchou. The Fifth Regiment,
which^was. posted on this spot, stood
its ground ; heroically; The fire of this
regiment, as -well as that of our bat
teries-; and the'gunboat Bobr.off-Khou
noucza, inflicted enormous losses on the
Japanese.:'-.;: ¦. '. . .-.'vi •
'. "Our losses amounted to thirty offi
cers T; and -'700 \ men killed 6r wounded.
"We blew up *br damaged all 'our guns
which the Japanese had nof>put out of
action. -:' 1 . •; '' .
• "It .would hai-e been inexpedient cer
talhjy £6 bring- up : siege artillery diir-^
ing vthe' fierce- fighting. "¦;* : . '
"The battle on May 26 be^an at 5 a.
m. and lasted until 8 p. m.,'when I or
dered the position evacuated gradually.
The. explosion of a number of our
mines and fougades .was rendered im
pbssible..by • the Japanese, who turned
our .'position, immediately. The Japan
ese "advanced through water up to their
waists under the protection of the
ships.
"The. spirit of our troops is excel
lent.". . '
General Kuroki's outposts now hold
jthe line at Llaopudeza, Seliendjan and
'Chanlidzy. The Japanese forces dis
embarking at Takushan' have reached
tllaossa. A division of the guards
forms the connecting link between
Ulaossa and Fengwangcheng.
The Japanese, landings at Pitzewo,
Liaotung Peninsula, continue. The Chi
nese are again willing to accept Rus
sian paper roubles. ' '.
LIAOYANG, June 3.— There are per
sistent rumors that another battle is in
progress near Polk Arthur.' Continuous
cannonading has been heard from the
South. An additional force • of 15,000
Japanese is reported to have landed at
Takushan. ..-.
Lad Declares He Was Threat
ened and That He Acted
Solely in Self - Defense
Congressman Bartholdt Out
lines Plan of Diffusing
Sentiment Among Nations
Judge Decides That Docu
ment Was Left by Moth
er, but Not to Son
Powerful Opposition Made to
Present System, but Two-
Thirds Vote Is Lacking
TELLS STORY CALMLY
Additional Thousands of Jap
anese Reported to Have
Made a Landing.
JUSTICE BBEWER TALKS
Thirty .Officers .and . Seven
; Hundred lien Lost in
7' Czar's Forces: ,/' "',
ACCUSATION IS MADE
Great Quays Being Built at
Crohstadt t6| Accommo
date the Vessels.' .
DEBATE ON TKANSFEES
Conference on Internation
al Arbitration Adopts a
Platform of Principles
Convention Will Ask Prin
cipal Labor Allies to Join
the Western Federation
Interesting Testimony Is
Given by a Witness in
the Court at Bedding
New Jersey Youth Confesses
That He Threw His Crip
pled Parent Down Stairs
Powerful Squadron Will
Leave for Scene of Strife
in August.
Sound as of Battle Heard
in Neighborhood of Port
Arthur.
Kuropatkin's Chief of Staff
Transmits Report on Kin
chou Battle.
WORLD PEACE
IS THE THEME
SAYS BROTHER
WITHHELD WILL
MINERS TALK
OF ALLIANCE
RUSSIA PREPARES MORE WARSHIPS
FOR BATTLES IN ORIENT WATERS
SAYS HE SLEW
HIS MOTHER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. "SATURDAY, JUNE 4,^ 1904.
W'Jll be - provided by the ! Southern*' 1 Pacific for
the accommodation, of those who , may * attend
the School Athletic Games at Ingleelde. Satur
day. June 4.
Special train -will leave Third and Townsend
streets depot at. 12:00 noon, returning after
close of exercises. Round trip, -5 cents. •¦'
Special Train Service
Denies lie ' Dnnced on ' Streets.
Charles Stagnaro, who is affiliated
-with the Sao Francisco Labor Coun
cil, denies that is the Charles Stagnaro
that was arrested a few nights ago for
dancing with a girl on ' the public
streets. • ¦ WBSBBKBmam ¦¦¦¦
2
ADVEBTIEEMENTS.
No Appetite
Means loss of vitality, vigor
or tone, and is often a pre-
cursor of prostrating sick-
ness. This is why it* is
serious. The best* thing
you con do is to take the
great alterative and tonic
Hood's Sarsaparilla
which has cured thousands.
ADVEBTISEME2HS. .
C No impurities (animal
• or otherwise) — such as
sometimes creep into the
packages of the cheaper
breakfast foods — are ever
found in "FORCE."
{fate ¦aiinnr >-/£¦**<»
A very complex process— and a food .
deal of heavy labor — must be gona
through by the stomach before ordinary
foods can be made ready for absorption.
That is exactly the vroTk that has
already been done in "FORCE" befora
it reaches your table.
"NOW HE'S TALKING."
Says Mr. Shirt: . "I certainly feel
clean — spick and span — after they ara
through with me." The "they" means in
this case the intelligent workpeople at
this laundry. The shlrfs testimony of
the excellence of our work is attested by
hundreds who have tried it. Why not by
you? Test and attest.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 KA5KXT STREET.
Telephone South 420. . . .
GOSOKRHCEA AND ITBISABY DISCHAS9E3.
Mtm ¦— *'¦'*'» m la k Wm FIJF A EjV £h
i*f Qart * \j \ |3 ay * Ey fr~\
A CUKB Hi ** HOURS
ADVERTISEMENT!^
if^aJe^nMmiS^oxes a Year7l|
H PREVENT ALL SUMR1ER BOWEL TROUBLES M
HI Undigested food In the human body will ferment a hundred times as Vri
P| quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels K ; 4
Bft| poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, c^fJ
l&j dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and g|l
H| the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. . The proper ||S
Ma thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the body 1^1
gifl every day— not give it a chance to sour • in the stomach and bowels. r"J
$§§ You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and I |
BH healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not M
$|a harsh and violent In its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take K4
§ii in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets. 1^-1
Pa All druggists, 10c, 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet tfti
B stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample and t^|
||i booklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. ***J$£rLadles are cordially invited to visit '.he
new - gas : range and heating department
of ¦ San Francisco . Gas and Electric Co.,
415 Post St., now open for inspection* •
NAPA,' June 3.-— War Is to be waged
against slot machines in Napa County.
District Attorney Benjamin is notify
ing i the : owners and operators of ma
chines, in the county that . within
thirty days they must remove the ma
chines ¦ from their places of business.
If' .the .order is not complied with
suits will be brought and, the ma
chines confiscated or , destroyed.
Declares War on' Slot Machines.
SAN JOSE, June 3.— The Union
Distilling Company, which has a
large plant at Lick Mills, near Ag
news, is making additions and alter
ations to the works that will cost in
¦the neighborhood of> $200,000. Alcohol
from the refuse of ' beet sugar fac
tories is manufactured by the com
pany. The material is brought from
the Spreckels sugar factory at Salinas.
With the improvements . now under
way the plant will have a capacity of
.3000 gallons a day. The new still
which is being set up was constructed
la France.
Beet Sugar Factories.
Intends to Engage in the Manufacture
of Alcohol From the Refuse of the
DISTILLING COMPANY
ENLARGES ITS PLANT
Graduates Receive Their Diplomas.
SANTA ROSA, June 3. — Two So
noma County high schools held their
graduating exercises Thursday even
ing—one at Cloverdale and the other
at Sonoma. There was only one grad
uate at Cloverdale, Hiram E. Casey,
who was left an orphan at an early
age and had to work his way through
school. At Sonoma the graduates
were: - Robert S.Prusshla, Miss A.
Alberta Weaver, Miss j Ruth A. Poppe,
Reoul Emparen, John Lawler Jr.,
Miss 'Hazel Switzer,. Miss Emma C.
Campbell and Jildo Bacigalupi.
SAN JOSE, June 3. — The San Jose
firemen who waived their salaries
for two months rather than accept
a reduction during a shortage of city
finances four years ago cannot re
cover from the city. A decision to
that effect was „ rendered by Judge
Tuttle this morning. In: the suit of H.
R. Bates and others to compel the
Police and Fire Commissioners and
the city to pay the claims. Much in
terest centered in the case, as all
members of the Fire Department were
involved In it.
Members of San Jose Department Can
not Recover Amounts Waived Dur
ing Financial Shortage.
FIREMEN NOT ENTITLE!*
TO THEIR BACK SALARIES
TACOMA. Wash., June 3.— High wa
ter and ice Jams caused the Pelly River
to overflow three weeks ago and nearly
resulted in the . drowning of . stage
drivers and passengers who were
spending the night at Whelan's
roadhouse. Seven horses , belong
ing to the White Pass stage line
were drowned, jj Drivers Burwash and
Haddock, together with John Lott and
another passenger, escaped in a canoe.
The river rose so unexpectedly that the
water was lapping the bunks in the
roadhouse where the men were asleep
before they knew what had happened.
Securing a canoe, .they hurried to the
stables to release the horses. One ani
mal was already dead and the others
were drowned in the Pelly.
SLEEPING MEN NARROWLY
ESCAPE BEING DROWNED
There are no Important manufac
tories in South America because coal
and iron are nowhere to be found in
large or commercial quantities. All
manufactured goods have to be Im
ported.
SANTA ROSA, June 8. — John Alex
ander Thorn pleaded guilty to a
charge of grand larceny before Judge
Burnett to-day and will be sentenced
on Monday. He stole a bicycle and a
savings bank from Douglass Badger,
his employer, and . disposed of the
wheel in Petaluma. In extenuation
of his crime he told Judge Burnett
that he had suffered sunstroke in the
East several years ago and that he
was not accountable for his actions.
His parents are said to be well-to-do
residents of Yonkers, N. Y., from
which place Thorn came to this city
recently.
Says That He Suffered Sunstroke and
Since That Time He Is Not Ac
countable for His' Actions.
SELF-CONFESSED THIEF
OFFERS A NOVEL EXCUSE
For visitors to the World's Fair to see
thi East. Reduced rates to New York
and other Eastern cities are now in ef
fect, via the Pennsylvania Lines,
through either Chicago or St. Louis.
Tickets to New York and Philadelphia
are good via Washington, allowing ten
days at the national capital. Stopovers
are also allowed at Baltimore and Phila
delphia, For particulars, ask E. M. Pom
eroy. P. C. A.. 621 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal. •
An Excellent Opportunity
BAKERSFIELD, June 3.— The entire
block on the south side of Nineteenth
street from K to L street was de
stroyed by fire to-day, and the large
livery stable and blacksmith shop of H.
H. Fish, Mayor of Bakersfleld; a small
fruit store, a barber shop, Roberts &
Graves' meat market, the Q. T. saloon,
the California restaurant and several
other small establishments went up in
smoke. tf«~-V
The fire also spread to the Palace
Hotel, but it was soon got under con
trol. All the horses and buggies in the
livery stable were* saved.
The loss Is estimated at $25,000, cov
ered by $18,000 insurance. The damage
to the Palace Hotel will amount to
$1000. ;•':<
Flames Sweep Through a Business
Block, Destroying Several Stores
and Large Livery Stable.
FIRE IN BAKERSFEELD
CAUSES HEAVY DAMAGE
PORTLAND^ Or., June 3.— Ten
thousand dollars' damages was award
ed this afternoon by a Jury In the Dis
trict Court to Miss Birdie McCarty, the
Michigan school teacher, who sued J.
D. Heryford, a Southern Oregon ranch
er for breach of promise of marriage.
It was the second trial of the case.
Miss McCarty sued for $75,000 dam
ages. After a sensational trial the jury
gave her a verdict for $23,000. The ver
dict was held to be excessive by Judge
Bellinger and he granted a new trial.
It is believed that the case is now set
tled.
Portland Jury Decrees That Oregon
Rancher Must Pay Miss Birdie
McCarty $10,000 Damages. '
FAIR PLAINTIFF WINS
BREACH OF PROMISE SUIT
A 100-ton electric traveling crane
lifts an eighty-ton locomotive in the
repair shops of the Lake Shore Rail
road at Collinwood. Ohio, said to b«
the largest locomotive repair shops la
the world.
Alleged Infanticide Held for Trial.
MARTSVILLE, June 3.— The prelimi
nary examination of Leah Coverdill,
charged with the murder of her infant
daughter the latter part of May, was
held to-day and resulted in her being
held to answer to the Superior Court.
Her bonds were fixed at $2000.
ST. LOUIS, June 3. — Two State
buildings were dedicated to-day at the
World's Fair, those of Missouri and
Indiana. Missouri, being the hostess
State of the fair, the dedicatory cere
monies were open to the public, an
Invitation having been extended to
everybody from everywhere.
The Missouri building is the largest
State pavilion on the 'grounds, but
only a small portion of the throngs
who visited it could gain admittance
at any one time. President H. T.
Davis of the Missouri Commission
tendered the building v to Governor
Dockery, who accepted it on behalf of
the State.
Missouri and Indiana Structures Are
Formally Opened.
BUILDINGS DEDICATED.
have also arrived. These are said to
have been grown in Governor Brady's
back yard at Sitka, but it is also stated
that they do not represent the year's
entire crop, several sackfuls . having
been retained for home consumption.
Leatherwood has been ; honored by
Pimo County, which contains Tucson,
with nearly every office in her gift, in
cluding that • delicate and dangerous
one of Sheriff. .- Leatherwood ' is' not
large of stature, but he is sure of his
words, as he probably was of his aim
when Sheriff, and he holds the* atten-
The Territory's plan of representa
tion is by a commission composed of
A. J. Doran of !?rescott, president; B.
A. Packard, Bisbee, treasurer; H. B.
St. Clair, Phoenix, secretary, and R.
N. Leatherwood, Tucson, superintend
ent of exhibits. Ernest E. Ford of
Phoenix is custodian of the mineral
exhibit, X. C. Bernard of Tucson of the
agricultural, Monte Mansfeld of the
horticultural and Mrs. Ernest E. Ford
of the educational exhibits. Mrs. John
A. Black of Tucson and Miss Jessie L.
Drace cf Prescott "will be the ladies at
the Territorial buildh.j.
Mr. Leatherwood Is to be the resident
commissioner. He is here now and has
been for some time, superintending the
installation of exhibits. Leatherwood
is a happy representative of a com
munity that has Just undergone the
transition from a state of semi-law
lessness to that of up to date civiliza
tion. He bears about him the flavor of
the old days of wild freedom and yet
Is possessed of that intelligence and
energy w'hlch keeps "men at the front
in the movement towara the higher
state. It is a safe bet tnat he doesn't
feel comfortable in a dress suit and
odds that he" never had one on, but he
represents the root " and fiber, of hla
home land and it is likely her interests
are ; in good hands. / He perhaps" has
never., led a german and doesn't care
to try, bot he is heart and soul for
the progress of Arizona v and knows her
every resource, her rich minerals, her
fruits and her grains and can tell the
inquirer all he may desire to know
about them.
STURDY REPRESENTATIVES.
Myer and Childs are practical men
and are fully posted on all matters per
taining to the task intrusted to them.
They believe that the development of
markets is the most important work to
be done — that settlers will come wher
ever crops are profitable. They say
that all California needs is tp get her
products well before the world to teach
the world's people their excellence, and
when the demand is great and prices
assured population will come fast.
Arizona Territory, which up to a few
years ago was noted principally for her
horned toads and bad men,* is wiping
out every slander attached to her name
j by tenderfeet by her representation at
the fair. With her Territorial univer
sity, two normal schools and many
grammar schools showing in the edu
cational section the most advanced
work, with agricultural and horticul
tural displays that bring compliments
from Eastern visitors and a mineral
exhibit that Is one of the meccas of
practical mining men at the exposition,
Arizona has ' no fear that the money
and labor expended by her will not
•bring manifold returns, or that a full
share of plaudits will not be hers. v '~
I' ENERGY OF ARIZONA.
CALL BUREAU, WORLD'S FAIR.
ST. LOUIS, June 3.— A direct campaign
to secure customers and good prices for
what they already produce, as well as
new settlers, is to be made by two of
California's most Important counties,
Santa Clara and Fresno. These coun
ties will not rest satisfied with showing
their products as a lure to prospective
homeseekers, but will try to Increase
their prosperity through the palates of
World's Fair visitors. Charles F. Myer,
who represents Fresno, and Mr. Childs,
who acts in a like capacity for Santa
Clara, are turning their strongest ef
forts toward increasing the demand for
products. As yet the counties they rep
resent are not prepared to carry on
operations in a manner fulljr in conson
ance with their plans, but In a few
days visitors to the California section
will "be sampling Santa Clara prunes,
freshly cooked, and Fresno raisins, and
the other products of tree and vine in
these two countlea.
PRACTICAL COMMISSIONERS.
Commissioners Filcher and Wiggins
are greatly bothered by visitors, marjy
from California, who Insist that there
are exhibits in the State building.
There -are no exhibit* in that building.
The misconception is caused by an
erroneous statement in 'the first guide
book Issued by the exposition com
pany to the effect that an exhibit was
made In the State structure. The error
will be corrected in the new guide
book.
The Woman's Club of Alaska has
sent to the building of that Territory,
an exhibit of all the berries grown
within its bonders. There are fifteen
varieties, some of them new and all
luscious. Cereals and feed grasses
have also arrived. Red clover, four
feet high, and timothy, six feet high,
is shown. Many varieties of whejat,
oats, barley and rye are displayed;
also hemp.
Some fine specimens of vegetables
The Territory makes mining her
principal display. It is to the rich
ness of ' her minerals that she looks
mainly for her future advance, Com
missioner Leatherwood says., A min
eral exhibit calculated to atract capi
tal is made. Its principal features are
gold, silver, copper and. lead ores.
September 22 .will be Arizona day
and it is thought a great many citizens
of the Territory, including Governor
Brady, will visit the fair on that date.
Arizona's display Will cost $30,000.
The fact that the bonds issued to se
cure this sum brought $2000 premium
speaks well for the credit of the Ter
ritory.
B. C. Samuels, the San Francisco
wine man, is here consulting Ferdi
nand Haber concerning the California
wine display. This exhibit will be
ready in a few days and will fulfill all
expectations as to its beauty.
Professor C. W. Childs of San Jose
Is here, accompanied by his wife.
They are the parents of the commis
sioner from Santa Clara County.
Among other Calif ornians at the
fair are William L. Tupper, vice presi
dent of the Conservative Life Insur
ance Company of Los Angeles; A. H.
Vail, the picture dealer of San Fran
cisco; E. L. Doheny, the' millionaire
oil man of Los Angeles; C. A. Canneld
and wife of Los Angeles and E. C.
Southworth, Southern Pacific agent at
Sanger, Fresno County.
VISITORS ARE INQUISITIVE.
tion of visitors from :the centers of
population who wish to learn some
thing about the Territory.
Arizona's building was opened last
Monday (May 31.) It is net large and
looks like a baby among the bigger
State buildings that rise about it, but
it is pretty and handsomely furnished.
It is of the Spanish style of architec
ture. The most noticeable thing it con
tains is a large cabinet of Spanish and
Indian curios' loaned by Mrs. M. B.
Aguirre of Tucson. Some of the arti
cles are of great value. There are un
wieldy spurs and stirrups used_,by the
soldiers of Cortez's army in the mem
orable march upon the City of Mexico,
fragments of pottery made by the Az
tecs before Cortez came, pestles, mor
tars and arrow heads. Some of these
curios were found 200 feet underground
by miners." • .- ;
In agriculture and horticulture Ari
zona shows wheat, barley, corn and al
falfa, oranges, lemons, olives, olive oil,
dates and many other varieties of
fruits. •:-'
SPLENDID MINING DISPLAY.
SEATTLE, Wash,, June 3.— A Daw-
Bon special to the Post-Intelligencer
says: Since sluicing began in the
Klondike on May 8 a royalty has been
paid on 55,753 ounces of gold. This Is
the largest amount ever produced up to
June 1 In this districts Last year only
11,000 ounces were taken out in a sim
ilar period.
BIG OUTPUT OF GOLD
*M IN KLONDIKE DISTRICT
BY' PAUL EDWARDS,
Staff Correspondent of The <Call at the World'* Fair.
SAN JOSE, June 3. — "The Erkson,"
a fashionable boarding-house at the
corner of Third and Julian streets,
was nearly destroyed, by fire at noon
to-day. Mrs. Laura A. Erkson owned
and conducted the place. Dinner was
being served at the time the fire broke
out. A defective flue in a second
story bedroom caused the fire.
Fireman Michael Zimmer, while at
tempting to reach the roof during the
progress of the fire, was overcome by
smoke and fell from a ladder Into the
lower hallway. Unless internal in
juries were received he will be about
in a day or two. The entire upper
floor of the house was burned and the
furniture was badly damaged by
water. The loss Tjt-ill amount to about
$4000.
Attempting to Reach the Roof
of a Burning Building.
Smoke Overcomes Him While He Is
FIREMAN IS INJURED
BY FALL FROM A LADDER
THE BUILDING OF THE SOUTHWESTERN TERRITORY IS A MODEST BUT UNIQUE STRUCTURE DESIGNED IN THE SPAN
ISH TYPK AND CONTAINS A MOST INTERESTING DISPLAY OF MINERALS, AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS AND PRE
HISTORIC KKLICS. IT IS ONE OF THE BEST ATTRACTIONS. ,/¦:••<•
"*¦-¦¦/'" ,. . ., , ., in
LOS ANGELES, June 3. — After hav
ing rounded the Horn, weathered trop
ical storms and escaped damage in all
of them, the British ship Speke (Cap
tain Stott) from Antwerp to Port Ange
les with a cargo of railroad iron, ran
into a squall off PolntConception a few
days ago which deprived her of most of
her rigging and strained that which re
mained to such an extent that she will
have to be refitted. The vessel Is now
at Port Los Angeles and a survey of
the damage has just been completed.
It was* found that she will have to have
new masts throughout, new spars and
braces and a full equipment of new
canvas. To-day a contract was award
ed to the Llewellyn Iron Works of this
city to make these repairs, the contract
price being $15,000. The vessel will re.
main at Port Los Angeles for two
months or more. She 13 the first deep
water vessel to be refitted there. It
was found Impossible to take her to
San Francisco unless she was towed
there and the cost of towing is so high
that her owners decided to have her re
paired where she lies.
British Ship Spoke Is Badly Dam*
nged Off Point Conception.
RUNS IXTO A SQUALL.
When her house in Berkeley was not
rented she lived in it. She seldom
spoke to any one except Mrs. Irwin.
Mrs. Calhoun was greatly embittered,
too, by the recent remarriage of t.er
husband, Charles Calhoun, from whom
the had been divorced after twenty
years of matrimony. Two sons were
born of this union, both of whom are
now living in Arizona. ¦;'*'¦¦_
"I am almost sure I heard Mrs. Cal
houn calling for help," said Mrs. Irwin
this afternoon. "I thought it sounded
like 'Help! Fire!' I did not hear the
pistol shots."
The loss to the Kings through the
fire will amount to about $2000. The
Calhoun house was worth about $2000.
Mrs. Calhoun had recently mortgaged
it for $1700.
Of Mrs. Calhoun's movements lately
there is much mystery. She was a pe
culiar woman and lived almost alone.
She was morose, but that had been her
state for so long that it is not looked
upon as a reason why she should at
tempt suicide.
No one could be found to-day who
had actually seen Mrs. Calhoun within
a week. The rumor was spread ro-day
that she was ln*her house yesterday,
but this could not be confirmed. The
last definite information of her where
abouts came this afternoon from White
Sulphur Springs, near Vallejo, where
she said she intended going for two
weeks. She left there on Thursday.
Mrs. Calhoun spent" most of her time
in San Francisco. She gave elocution
lessons, and made her headquarters at
770 O'Farrell street. She was not at
this address when Inquiry was made
for her there this afternoon.
The charred remains of Mrs. Bertha
A. Calhoun may lie beneath the debris
of a house that was burned to the
ground at an early hour this morning.
She lived alone in the house, num
bered 2518 Telegraph avenue. Two pis
tol shots rang out Just before the fire
end this has led Mrs. Calhoun's neigh
bors to believe that she committed sui
cide after firing the house. A search of
the ruins to-day failed to reveal any
trace of the supposed victim.
There was a barn and a coal shed on
the property adjoining Mrs. Cal
houn's house, belonging to E. P. Ring,
and Robert Aggers, who was sleeping
in the barn, heard the two shots and
soon taw the flames. This was 2:30
o'clock this morning. Mrs. John Irwin,
a neighbor of Mrs. Calhoun's, thought
she distinguished the cries of a woman
calling for help. She told the firemen
about it. but the firemen could see
nothing of a woman in the flames.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street. June 3.
Mystery Veils Her Recent
Movements and Relatives
Fear Self - Destruction
or a Possible Murder
I think the late Secretary J. Sterling Mor
ton was emphatically one of those -men who
deserve well of the republic. Ills fearlessness
and probity in public office and the zeal and
efficiency of his work for the betterment of
our country out of office, especially the way
he promoted tree-planting and forvstry. en
titled him to the sincere and hearty respect
of all good citizen*. Faithfully your?.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT. .
Letters from Secretary of Agricul
ture W^ son and Governor Mickey of
Nebraska expressing their deep appre
ciation of the work performed by the
late Secretary were also read.
The following programme was ren
dered:
Song, "Columbia," eenior class: Invocation.
Rev. F. K. Baker: recitation. Miss Myrtle
Chandler; presentation of Morton memorial
tablet on behalf of Nebraska State Historical
Society, by Allan Robertson: acceptance by
Mayor D. C."»Olark. principal of the. puhllc
schools of Santa Cruz; reading of letter
from President Roosevelt, Earl Hazzard: read
ing: of letter from James "Wilson. Secretary of
Agriculture. Miss Alice Mclntyre; from former
Governor Crane of ' Nebraska, Miss Edith
Bllnn; address on forestry. Rev. J. R. Knodell
of the Congregational church; song, "Amer
ica."
SANTA CRUZ, June 3.— Owing to the
deep interest taken in. forestry by the
late J. Sterling Morton, first Secretary
of Agriculture, the Historical Soclety
of Nebraska deemed it fitting that a
memorial tablet In his honor should be
affixed to one of the big trees of Cali
fornia. While here on a visit recently
the secretary of the historical society,
W. W. Cox, selected a tree in the Fre
mont Big Tree grove upon which the
tablet is to be placed. The tablet,
which Is of bronze, was formally pre
sented to-day, and appropriate services
will be held by the pupils -of the public
schools. The following letter from Pres
ident Roosevelt was read:
WHITE HOUSE. WASHINGTON.
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
At Santa Catallna Island the sailing
schooner Brothers, owned Dy the "Wil
mington Transportation Company, was
driven ashore at Empire landing, her
hull caved In on the rocks and her
hold filled with water. The launch
Elsie, which left San Pedro on Wed
nesday night for Santa Barbara, re
turned to the former port early this
morning after a perilous trip. She was
caught in the storm befc-re reaching
Santa Barbara and was driven south
ward before the gale. Reports of minor
damage come from other ports.
•
L.OS ANGELES, June 3.— Reports of
slight damage to floating craft and
docking facilities come from several
port towns along the Southern Cali
fornia coast as the result of the high
wind3 of Wednesday night and Thurs
day. At Gaviota the ¦wh.arf was washed
away and carried to sea. The wreck
age is considered a serious menace to
coast vessels and warnings have been
sent out to navigators to be on the
watch for It.
The assault upon Wynn took place
at 1 o'clock this afternoon. He was en
gaged In constructing a building with
the aid of non-union help on an open
shop basis. A man said by the police
to have been Evans approached two of
the workmen and began to ask them
some Questions. Wynn objected to the
stranger's actions, whereupon the latter
seized a hammer and hitting Wynn
with it ran away. The hammer struck
Wynn over the right eye. making a
wound about an inch deep and shatter
ing the bone. It is feared Wynn* may
die.
Detective George K. Naghel located
Evans in an outlying portion of the city
this evening and sought to arrest Him.
Evans ran and Xaghel fired several
shots at him. He finally succeeded In
capturing Evans and boarded a street
car with him. bound for the police sta
tion. While on the way there Evans
Jumped from the car and viciously as-
Faulted Nashel when the latter at
tempted to recapture him. Naghel fired
several more shots at Evans, but he
escaped through a neighboring house
and the police have been looking for
him ever since.
SACRAMENTO. June 3.— The .police
are searching the city to-night Tor a
man named John Evans, who is wanted
for a brutal and probably fatal assault
comm{r*fcd this afternoon upon, Henry
"Wynn, a well-known-" building, con
tractor.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEIGHBORS HEAR
. SHOTS AT XIGHT
Writes Letter Expressing
His Appreciation of the
"Work of Deceased Official
Victim of Attack Is Badly
- Beaten With a Hammer
and Is Likely . to Die
Floating Wreckage Serious
ly 3Ienaces Small Craft and
Warnings Are Sent Out
SEVERAL SHOTS FIRED
Remains of Mrs. Bertha A.
Calhoun Supposed to Be
in Ashes of Her Home
on the Berkeley Hills
WHARF TRASHED AWAY
PEESIDENT INTERESTED
Man Wanted for Murderous
Assault on a Contractor
Escapes From j Detective
Sailing Schooner Brothers
Is Driven Ashore on the
Rocks at Empire Landing
Historical Society Sends a
Bronze Tablet in Honor of
Lat^ Secretary Morton
Energetic Commissioners Will Demonstrate the Productiveness
and Versatility o.f the Soil by Exhibiting Their Fruits and
Cereals Cooked and' Prepared for Serving, at the Table
RUINS MAY
HIDE BODY
OF WOMAN
GALE DAMAGES
COAST SHIPPING
BULLETS FAIL
TO STOP HIM
MEMORIAL GIFT
FROM NEBRASKA
SANTA CLARA AND FRESNO COUNTIES
ARE ACTIVE AT THE ST. LOUIS FAIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 4, 1904.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fl^ is*? I
•*••- * ¦» *% i as <j j
My work 1b popular all over the
Coast because it is all right In all re-
epects. because It saves the amateur's
time and money. Here are a few
figTires:
DEVELOPING:
Roll of 6 10c | Roll of 12 16c
Fsxarraro:
Eollo finish... 3c-5c | Velox finlsh..3o-6o
SEXTO XCT A TEIAL OHDEE VOW.
Cameras of fell kinds repaired at
moderate rates.
9ATLIOET X.OADIKG FILMS of all
popular sizes at popular prices.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT IMAM PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 Market Street, above Powell.
&an Francisco.
Sound business practice is
as important, here, as the
wealth, of nature.
Schilling's Best is the basis
of it in
tt» balcing-powdrr iphm
cotf •* fUronng extracts . aoda
tyour grocer's and money-
ck.
STEEL SCISSORS
FREE TOTCLASSIFIED
ADVERTISERS. J
IN SUNDAY EDITION.
Like Our Circulation," These.
Premiums Are High-Class.
The SUNDAY CALIi has over
85,000 circulation, principally
in the homes; a QUANTITY
and QUALITY * that • ASSURES
ACTUAL RESULTS.
Gifts ' given j. to-day for Sunday
WANT ADS.
: A - f H /^k #"*\ CT^ rVT A ¥"^ I \ lahmi
Am. 1^ V 9 V Jf X li\L/Cf » trfS'
m* *^k ? w I^l. T V
has snap — Is correct In erery particular — gives
comfort. Not yours unless it is perfect in every
detail. All colors and styles imaginable.
$5 to $25
KHAKI SUITS
The best quality— Tourist blouse — k>njj trousers
-rextra well made — perfection of fit. Our
pricethisweek, J4 # 5Q
KHAKI RIDINQ BREECHES
Full cut — reinforced seat— serviceable — the
very best for $3 # 5()
MEN'S FURNISHINGS
Outing Shirts — Negligee /. . . .50c
Outing Shirts — Golf style, extra cuffs. - ...$1
Belts— all styles. 50c up
r Canvas Leggings $1
Puttees $4
STRAW HATS AND MATS OF ALL KINDS
AT LESS THAN/ RECJULAR HATTER'S PRICE
ROOS BROS.
KEARNY AT POSTLadies are onrdially Invited to visit tha
new gas range and heating department
of San Francisco Gas and Electric Co.,
415 Post St., now open for inspection. •
POSTOFFICE PROMOTIONS. ETC — Po»t.
maater Flak announces the' following appoint
ments:- Mlva Cyrena O. Hltton, appointed reg
ular clerk from the substitute Hit. The resig
nation of F J. Peck, money order clerk. • wa»
accepted. The following increases of ealary
were made: Sadie L. Jackson, money order
clerk, from $1100 to $1200; .Victor R. French,
reslstry clerk, from $1000 to $1100;- William
McLeod, malllriK clerk, from $»0O to $1000;
AHce T. Madden, record clerk from $800 to
$900; John L. Butllvan, mailing; clerk, from
$700 to $800; Harry M. Mullen, distributor,
from $600 to $700. , '
CHEAP RATES TO YOSEMTTE.
$25.90 There and Back.
\ The Santa Fe has the lowest rate and
best service to Yoseralte Valley. ,To
holders of round-trip Eastern tickets
over any line, and to their friends ' ac
companying, they make a rate to Yosem
lte and return of $25 90. .. :¦>•.• •_. ,
- A trip through the giant sequoias, the
biggest trees in the world, is included
without extra charge.
Passengers are taken into the .Valley
one way and out another, over the "Dou
ble Loop," without extra charge. . -
• The scenery bn the Santa Fe is far be
yond that on any other road to Yosem
ite.
. Ask for folder at Santa Fe office, 641
Market street. - - . .
| ! Only one-third of the world's popula
tion use bread as a dally article of
food. Nearly one-half of the .people of
the world subsist chiefly on rice.
Holly Park Presbyterian Church, of
which the Rev. M. J. McElhinney Is
pastor, was crowded last night, when
an entertainment of a high order was
given. The programme consisted of
vocal selections and a "' remarkably
brilliant character sketch. Edward
Kerr presided.
Miss Donaldina Cameron escorted
several ' young Chinese ladles "from
the Presbyterian house, and they ren
dered quartets and solos, to the delight
of the audience. ;.,;;_•,.•/
Those who took part in the entertain
ment were Mrs. W. H. Harris, Mrs.
John Martinsen, Mrs. Eric Neill of
Australia, Miss Gertrude Cranton and
Professor Frederick Purdy. A special
vote of thanks was . tendered Miss
Cameron and the Chinese young ladies
and all others who contributed to the
enjoyable evening.
Holly Park Presbyterian Congregation
Enjoys Vocal Numbers— Chinese
Young Ladies Take Part.
CHURCH ENTERTAINMENT
PROVES A BIG SUCCESS
C. W. Bennett, British Consul, made
a few informal remarks on the friend
ship of England and America.
Academy of Sciences Hall was filled
last night at the meeting of the British
and American Union. Dr. D'Evelyn
presided.
Andrea Sbarboro gave an entertain
ing account of hie visit to England
and praised British institutions and
characteristics. He said that England
is now the greatest foreign buyer of
California • wines. Miss Agnes G.
Murphy, member of the Council of the
Society of Women Journalists, London,
read a paper dealing with the labor and
social problems of Australia and New
Zealand. She declared that conditions
in the colonies had been grossly mis
represented in England and America.
Herbert George of the Citizens' Al
liance was carded to speak upon "In
dustrial Equilibrium," but was unable
to attend and his place was filled by
J. A. Emery, who discussed the dangers
of the principles of modern labor union
ism. V ; •¦ ,'i "¦¦*-;' 'T i
Speeches Blade by Andrea Sbar
boro, Miss Agnes Murphy and
J. A. Emery.
BRITISH AND .AMERICAN
UNION HEARS ADDRESSES
Judge Erskine M. Rons, Judge W. Gretter,
John Edgar, \V. C. Baylor, Bamusl J, Low^,
Jakter M. Harrison, 8. ' D. Garnett, K. XV.
Bthom, J. H. Hopkins, Charles Galllord, Judge
Henry S. Foote, Thomas C. Miller. 8. H.
Elchbaum, ' Louis ¦ Harter, Oscar L. Levy, Hi
ram Sample. - M. A. Thomas. L. C. Babln,
William Gerard Dozter, A. NT. Plunket. Wil
liam Henry Ware. A. Schessler. E. C. Dotler,
TUraan Fowler, M. II. Dreyfus and George
White.
After the exquisite solos by Mrs.
Richard Bane and a selection on the"
harp by Mrs. Voorhies, an informal re
ception followed.
The following named were the heroes
honored, many of .whom were unable
through infirmity to be present:
Out on California street, at the home
of Mrs. Alfred Hunter Voorhfes, there
gathered yesterday from many parts a
group of white-haired sens of the
South— they who fought " valiantly—
how well we, may afford to tell to-day—
in the cause they., believed to be Just.
For who is there now with soul so
warped as' to deny to these men their
full meed of praise for their magnifi
cent heroism and their voluntary sac
rifice of all that men hold dear in de
fense of that cause?
It was to commemorate the valor of
these men that wore the gray that they
gathered together yesterday, at the
Invitation of the Albert Sydney John
ston Chapter of the Daughters of the
Confederacy.
Yearly this pioneer chapter of daugh
ters of the South greets the veterans
of the Lost Cause and yearly place
upon their breasts crosses, of honor —
stamped from the cannon that belched
forth from the battlefields of the
South. And. it. was with no unseemly
spirit that the service attending the
tribute was carried out — no bitterness,
no untoward allusions, nor even a dis
play of Confederate flags.*-*
It was a simple tribute to men that
followed their line of duty as they,
themselves saw it, and to the world's
end will stujh.-men be honored, when
the mist of prejudice shall have cleared
away.
The speech of presentation— and . a
pretty tribute it was— was made by;
Mrs. Voorhies, president of the chap
ter, who, by the way, knew well the
value of her words, her father at the
outset of the war resigning from the
United States Senate to' cast his lot
with his people. . -,
. The placing of the crosses on the
breasts of. the old warriors was the
pleasant duty of the wives and daugh
ters of the .veterans. . ; ~ . ,-.
HONOR CROSSES
ARE BESTOWED
UPON VETERANS
CHILDREN WHO WILL. TAKE
PAKT IN THE WILD WEST
PONT SHOW.
equipage. A May pole on pony back
will also be a feature. Those who will
take part in the May pole event and
the ponies they will ride are: Frances
Skinner on Frolic, Marian Christensen
on Reno, Harry Rennebome on Beauty,
George Pinckard on Dewey, Philip Vin
son on Fairy, Clara Cochrane on Molly,
Margaret Graham" on Chlqulta, Lee
Gervin on Frank, Kent Weaver on
Lady, Dorothy Page on Molly, Margaret
Sullivan on Peanut, Katharine Hooper
on Skeezics and Joe Hooper on: Mug
gins. \
During- the Intermission the ladies of
the club will serve refreshments under
the spreading oaks. The tea table will
be in charge of Mrs. J. A. Buck, Mrs.
William Babcock and Mrs. George
Pinckard. Mrs. Du Bois and Miss. Lltch
enburg will have charge of the candy
booth, Mrs. Hoover the ice cream and
Mns. James W. Cochrane the household
table.
The programme is aa follows: Pa
rade, May pole. Jumping, pony drill,
mosquito men, prisoner's base, clowns,
tandems, trick ponies and donkey, Jeu
de barre, carts, '49 pony express and
final parade.
SAX RAFAEL, June 3.— The mem
bers of the San Rafael Improvement
.Club, in order to raise funds for the
extermination of mosquitoes in this
community, will give a Wild West pony
Ehow and tea to-morrow- afternoon.
The club members, all of whom are so
ciety women of Marln County, have
made extensive preparations for the
entertainment, and it promises to be a
brilliant success.
Mrs. Dr. Keck has had the manage
ment oT the affair and has been ably
8eslEted by Mrs. William Babcock,
Mrs. J. A. Buck. Mrs. George T. Page
and Mrs. George Pinckard. Other prom
jtent ladies will act as patronesses, and
society will be out in full force.
. The affair will be held at the Bates
grounds, in the Coleman tract, between
2 i.nd 6 o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
At the pony show many valuable ani
mals will be exhibited. Thomas Wil
liams' emallest pony in the world will
bt- among those on exhibition. A. W.
T"oeter'8 Hungarian ponies. Express,
Washington and Fair Hilk. will also
compete for valuable cups, which have
been donated by Hermann Oelrichs.
The Wild West portion of the enter
tainment will be an amateur interpre
tation of Buffalo Bill's show. Only
amateurs will take part, yet many of
the features of the professional show
will be attempted by the young sons
and daughters of the wealthy residents
of this city. The children have been
practicing for weeks and teaching their
ponies tricks. -
There will be a parade of decorated
pony carts, and a valuable prize will
be awarded to the best ornamented
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT.— Frank
B. Hartung of the Illinois- Pacific Glass Com
pany secured a warrant' from Police Judge
Cabanlss yesterday for the arrest of C. I*
Daniels on a charge, of felony embezzlements
Daniels was employed by the ''company ' as" 'a
clerk, and It is alleged that on April 16 he
collected $98 40 from the Southern Pacific
Company in payment of a claim and appro
priated the money. ¦ It-1» further alleged that
his total defalcations will reach more than
three hundred dollars.
J, M. Buenada, a recent arrival from
Ecuador, .presented an order for (15
to Antonia Nobia, Consul for that
country, purporting to have been writ
ten by a friend of the official lif-the
South American republic. Xobla dis
covered the order to be a forgery and
causefl the arrest of Buenada last
night. ' \l ,. ,",<i
Forged Order on Consul.
A large number of the members of
Islam Temple of the Shriners will leave
this morning for a pilgrimage to
Vlsalla to initiate a class of candidates.
Shriners Go to Visalia.
DEAF PUPILS ENTERTAIN.
Children Once Considered Speechless
Show Successful Result of Training.
The, deaf children of the Harrison
School, .Grove, street, *near Larkln,
gave an entertainment yesterday af
ternoon, which was extremely clevor
and also gave those who attended th
privilege of noting the remarkable re
sults of a great system of teaching
"how to speak."
Children who had been considered
dumb proved by their ability to talk
that the patient labor of Mrs. J. B.
Holden,' Miss M. I. "Smith, Mlas N. M.
Applegarth and A. N. Holden haa
been well*, and" wonderfully rewarded.
Those who as yet are unable to speak
have been given the power of follow
ing and interpreting a conversation
by the movement of the lips.
The children appeared in sketches
called "Mother Goose Party" and
"May Day Festival" and, the excellent
training, was made evident by the
quick perception and keen intelli
gence and alertness of each cl\ild.
Mrs. Holden «aid yesterday that the
school during its three years' exist
ence had done useful work among the
deaf. She paid a high compliment to
the parents of the children for their
co-operation in the work. She par
ticularly Impressed upon the parents
present the necessity to talk to their
deaf children -in complete sentences
during the vacation.
There is no need for a- child -to-be
speechless, said Mrs. Holden; only
when the organ of speech is paralyzed
or diseased. Otherwise deaf children
can be taught .to speak.
The principal and her assistants
were congratulated by many a thank
ful mother at the close of the enter
tainment. '
FIFTH ANNUAL REUNION.
Mission High School Graduates Elect
Officers and Join in Dance.
The fifth annual reunion of the Mis
sion High School ' Alumni Association
took place In the gymnasium "last
night Twenty-four new members' were
added. The following were elected as
officers to serve for the ensuing year:
President, Jerome White; first < vice
president, Miss Lottie Kilgcfrer second
vice president, Miss Gertrude Brennan;
secretary, . Dwight Clark; treasurer.
Edward, Graff, and trustee, to serve
three 'years, Eugene Hackett.
A social dance brought the meeting
to a close. Therewere about 250pr»s
ent, nearly all of whom joined in the
terpsichorean delights.
BOYS', AND GIRLS' HOME GIVES
MUSICAL ENTERTAINMENT
Programme Is Carried Out to Demon
strate Wliat Is Being Done
for Unfortunates.
Toodles and Me were at the Boys'
and Girls' Aid Society last night, and
they gave the inmates more fun than
they have had in years, and at the
same time convulsed the audienfie Tvith
laughter. The boys of the home are all
trying to become good citizens, but they
know a thing or two about the seamy
Bide of life, yet when they are given
a chance, as they were last night, to
portray that seamy side, they can do
it to perfection— and they did. Theat
rical managers would do well to look
to the society for future talent, for it
is there.
"Toodles and Me" was the minstrel
farce given by the boys as a matter of
entertainment in order to demonstrate
the work' which is being done in their
behalf, .in the way of education and
moral training. ., The, play was sup
posed to be an operetta which .. would
give an inkling of what was being ac
complished for the betterment of the
boys'. It certainly did.
FORESTERS WILL PARADE . ¦•,
AND OPEN THEIR CARNIVAL
.The Foresters', carnival will be
opened to-night by a. parade which will
start from the Palace Hotel at
o'clock. Grand Marshal Joost will be
in 'charge and Queen ' Margaret ' will
have escorts in three divisions. Bands
/rom. all over the State will be in at
tendance to blend their music with the
melody of the fraternal order.
Fireworks will be exploded and when
the procession reaches Eleventh and
Market streets Margaret Alexander ,cf
James G. Blaine Circle will be crowned
as queen of the carnivaland the fun
will begin.
There will be all sorts of attractions
at the grounds under the direction of
George C. Lary and the California
Carnival Company. - 4 : "*
¦ Our people feel assured that they are «nlng
to receive every assistance from San Fran
cisco and California that they can render, and
with that assurance ae a foundation they wtll
give an exposition of which r.ot only the West
ern portion but the entire United States can
be proud. We know that every traveler who
comes to see the Lewis and Clark Centennial
Exposition will also visit San Francisco, and
what we hope to accomplish In working in
harmony with the commercial communities of
other Western cities u that all may be bene
fited.
San Francisco, while already a great city,
has a career before her which will he the mar
vel of the world, for on this site the time
l« not fat distant when there will rise th*
third city In the United States, and Oregon ts
Just as much San Francisco territory as is thn
State of California. Our people would even
like to see San Francisco become greater than
New York, for we realize that as San Fran*
Cisco and California grow Portland and Ore
gon will reepond with equal strides, and th«
chief city at the Junction of the WiUametto
and Columbia will share In any prosperity that
comes to the Pacific Coast.
Portland is especially Interested, for next
year she expects and Is prepared to receive and
entertain an enormous travel which will coma
there to attend the Lewis and Clark Centen
nial Exposition — one of the most beautiful and
exhaustive displays ever presented on Amer
ican soil.. Tha total cost of this exposition
will exceed five millions of dollars.
This exposition will be well worthy of th«
entire Pacific Coast, and It is hoped by tha
people of Portland and Oregon that th« people
of San Francisco and California will look
upon It as a home show, for It Is Just as vital
to San Francisco as It Is to Portland that
the exposition should be a ouccess. That it
will be creditable and a superb presentation Is
assured, for the money is already In hand to
carry out the complete undertaking on a cash
basis. Portland and Oregon displayed mar
velous enterprise and splendid liberality In
patting up one million dollars with less effort
that a similar population ever raised a lite
sum before. The truth of the matter Is, Port
land financed this great enterprlss In two
days, and the entire cltlxenship of the city and
State have determined that it shall be a suc
cess, and even the school boys and girls of
Portland are making It their duty and pleas
ure to advertise the event.
Thomas Richardson, manager of the
Commercial Club of Portland, Or., and
actively engaged in promotion work in
that State, is in this city for the pur
pose of attending a meeting of the
representatives of Western cities to
day. The meeting will be held at the
headquarters of the California Promo
tion Committee and will be for the 1
purpose of taking steps for immediate
work at St. Louis to get conventions
that are being held there now for this
coast in 1905. Mr. Richardson says:
There is no good reason why' ail the com
mercial organizations in the cities from the
Rocky Mountains west should not unite In
the effort to secure for Pacific Coast cities for
IOCS the convention held this year In St. Loui«.
and . the conference held • here under the aus
pices of the California Promotion Commutes
cannot be otherwise than beneficial.-
Commercial Men Will Hold
-Meeting With a View to
the Interests of Cities
MASS TO BE DISCUSSED
The : Scott 'Valley Advance says that
new machinery for* the Morrison &
Garlock mine at Quartz V.alley Is be
ing put in- place/. The Medina Mining
Company . is operating three quartz
claims at Oro Fino." The ' Klamath
River. Gold Mmlng .;, Company has
bonded : the Garvey Bar mining claim
and is putting In a large steam shovel
to work It. W. Creed, . W. . M. .. Creed .
and others have let,", under lease and
LOW GRADE ORES PAY.
The annual report of the president
and superintendent of the Central Eu
reka mine In Amador County has been
submitted. One of the most interest-
Ing portions is over the signature of E.
B. de Golla, the president, in which he
reports that a contract for ten years
has been concluded by which the cost
of electrical power to run the mill and
rock breaker has been reduced per
horsepower from J6 60 per month to
$4 &0. The dividends declared during
the year amounted to $111,350. The
total disbursements were $280,000 ' in
round figures. All bills to April 1 were
reported to be paid and there was
$19,000 in- cash' on hand. The average
yield of the ore per ton during the year
was $4 41. The cost of milling, mining
and- development work per ton aver
aged $2 36, The mine is . reported to
have yielded nearly $1,000,000 since the
present management .took hold of it
and has paid . out nearly $300,000 in
dividends. This is distinctly a low
grade proposition in which good man
agement and economy are efficacious.
' . The . Redding. Searchlight reports
that . there ,1s : a prospect of renewed
mining activity at Trinity Center. The
Sikes hydraulic mine, the Bloss & Mc-
Clary /mine and the Cleary, Payne &
Keenan gold mining dredge, are op
erating.
¦ San Joaquin County is Interested in
a home gold mining proposition. From
the eastern boundary of San Joaquin
the.Mokelumne River has gold bearing
sand for a considerable distance down
stream. The great difficulty has been
to get at the deeper anJ richer depos
its. At Jenny Llnd a dredger has been
delving for gold for some time.
The twenty-stamp mill of the El Rico
mine in Tuolumne County, two miles
northwest of Tuttletown, Is about
ready to. operate.
The owners of the Keystone mine,
near Amador City, will erect a mill of
five or ten stamps. '• ;,".
Any person or association of persons qualified
to make entry under the coal land laws of the
United States, who shall have opened or im
proved a coal mine or coal mines In any of
the unsurveyed public lands of the United
States in the district of Alaska, may locate
the lands upon which such mine or mines are
situated in rectangular tracts containing 40,
SO or 160 acres, with north and south boundary
lines run according to the true meridian by
marking the four corners thereof with perma
nent monuments, so that the boundaries may
be readily and eaftly traced. And all such lo
cators ehall, within one year from the passage
of this act, or within one year from making such
location, file for record in the recording dis
trict, and with the register and receiver of the
land district in which the lands are located or
situated, a notice containing the name or
names of the locator or locators, the date of
the location, the description of the lands • lo
cated and a reference to suih natural objects
or permanent monuments af. will readily Iden
tify, the same.
Such locator or locators, who are citizens of
the United States, shall receive a patent to the
lands located by presenting, at any time within
three years from the date of such notice, to the
register and - receiver of the land district In
which the lands so located are situated, an ap
plication therefor, accompanied by a certified
copy of a plat of survey and fleld notes thereof,
made by a United States deputy surveyor or a
United States mineral surveyor duly approved
by the Surveyor General for the district of
Alaska, and a payment of the sum of $10 per
acre for the lands applied for; but no such ap
pllcatlcn shall be allowed until after the appli
cant has caused a notice of the presentation
therefor, embracing a description of the lands,
to have been published In a newspaper in the
district of Alaska published nearest the loca
tion of the premises for a period of sixty days,
and shall have caused copies of such notice*, to-'
gether with a certified copy of the official plat
or survey, to have been kept posted In a con
spicuous place upon the land applied for and
tn the land office for the district In which the
lands are located for a like period, and .until
after he shall have furnished proof of such
publication and posting, and such other proof
as Is required by the coal land laws, pro
vided that nothing herein contained shall be so
construed as to authorize entries to be made
or title to be acquired to the shore of any
navigable waters within said district.
During the period of posting and publica
tion or within six months thereafter, any per
son or association of persons having or asserting
any adverse interest or claim to the tract of
land or any part thereof sought to be pur
chased shall file In the land office where «uch
application Is pending, under oath, an adverse
claim, setting forth the nature and extent
thereof, and such adverse claimant shall, with
in sixty days after the filing of such adverse
claim, begin an action to quiet title in a court
of competent Jurisdiction within the district of
Alaska, and thereafter no patent shall issue for
such claim until the final adjudication of the
rights of the parties, and such patent shall
then be issued In conformity, with the " final
decree of such court therein.
All the provisions of the coal land law* of
the United States not In conflict with the pro
visions of this act shall continue and be In full
force In the district of Alaska.
The provisions of the law passed by
Congress at its last session relative
to the taking of coal lands in Alaska
are as follows:
ALASKA COAL MINES.
An interesting account of the re
vival of the mining town of # Rands
burg, on the. desert, in Kern County, is
given- by the Randsburg Miner. It il
lustrates the vitality that there is in a
California mining camp' that has really
any value in it/ A part of the Miner's
story. is as follows: . .
One year ago next Saturday, the last disas
trous fire > occurred In Randsburg. This was
the third time the larger portion of the town
was destroyed ¦ by . fire, and It looked discour
aging. ¦ The " strike coming immediately after
paralyzed everything, all work being shut down
for some months. .The mines yet remained and
their value could i not be destroyed. The old
residents and mine owners took courage, new
and safer houses *.wer« built,, many men took
leases and went to work. To-day the outlook
is again bright and the future of the camp is
assured. 1 The Tollow "Aster, the principal
mine here, la working a full force. -both their
mills are > running and they have more men on
their pay roll than. ever before.' Their thirty
stamp, mill was closed down' a few day* for
necessary, repairs, a new cable was. bent, and
other repairs made, but It was only Idle a few
days and is now running. ':.-.'¦¦ ' :
The Butte Lode, under, the management of
Superintendent McMahon. Is making its usual
millings with about the same results, and is
prosperous. . . Nearly or quite all the other
principal mines In the district are working a
full force and doing well; the. Baltic, Stanford,
Sunshine and others. v The White brothers are
developing a property about seven -miles south
west of Randsburg, and,, taken altogether, the
mining prospect Is good. ''i-iP?3
In the town are many new and costly bulld-
With untold wealth beneath'the surface, only
awaiting the pick and ehovel of the miner to
develop it, Randsburg will soon again be re
built; the camp being without question the
richest in Southern California. We have al
ways had a superior class of miners and clti
sens here, and while not so well acquainted as
formerly, from what, we .have observed In the
past few days we believe the same Is true to
day. It only needs united effort to put Rands
burg thoroughly upon her feet.
An interesting situation has developed In
the recently discovered oil fields in the Car
son sink. Churchill County, Nevada. Pros
pectors, quickly following the discovery of
oil. located a large area of the adjacent lands
under the placer location act, as provided by
law. The hydrographlc branch of the United
States Geological Survey is engaged in ex
tensive reclamation of desert Ianda. This is
the outgrowth of the investigations made dur
ing the early years of the survey, when under
the 'direction of J. W. Powell. These projects
are located throughout the Western States.
The lands which it is Intended to reclaim by
irrigation methods have been withdrawn from
all entry except under the homestead act, it
being the. desire of the Government that these
lands be taken up in small farming tracts,
not exceeding 160 acres for each person who
may make such entry, and the tract in Nevada
where oil was recently discovered chances to
b» within one of these reclamation areas. As
the value of the land for the oil it may pro
duce is unknown. . and as without Irrigation
it is practically valueless for any other pur
pose, the Government may possibly make an
exception in this case and allow the original
locators to hold their oil claims, for it seems
unjust that the original claimants should be
dispossessed of their locations of twenty acres
each in favor of later locators appropriating
160 acres each, and who at their option may
also bora for oil. ' Notices have been posted
informing oil locators that the land ts not
subject tn location In any manner other than
as homestead tracts.
An odd situation affecting oil men
in Nevada has arisen. It grows out
of somewhat novel . conditions. The
case is stated by the Mining and Sci
entific Press as follows:
bond, the Masonic Bar hydraulic mine
to Edwin L. Hyatt and L. H. Cornell.
The Shasta Courier reports some
movement among the miners near Old
Shasta. Clear Creek is. a quiet camp,
but all that is needed is capital to de
velop the properties. The Mount
Shasta mine remains closed. Just to
the west of this mine are the Pugh
and Menzel -groups of mines and to
the north is the Keno group. On the
Menzel group development work is
being performed. The Courier says:
Abov e and northwest Parmley, Glad win and
otheratare hard at work on the Mountain Lion
mine. This group embraces a number of
lodes and Is part of a system of high grade
ledges. On the Shasta side Early • brothers
arc driving . their tunnel Into the hill on a
good . prospect. The Oro Flno, opened by
Bthrena, also adjoining th« Mount Shasta,
has ore in sight Beaumont U driving ahead
on the old Bouk mine. West of Clear Creek
Dickey is pushing work on his tunnel. He Is
in over 300 feet. Farther west lies the Con
ner» group. Negotiations for a sale of this
mine are pending. ' The Spanish at Lower
Springs is closed down. Superintendent Davis
was transferred by Manager Newcomb to the
Punch Creek group recently secured by the
company. The mine, which is west of Treka,
is under the direction of H. C. Davis. About
fifteen men art employed.- The Bpantsh is
receiving timbers, however. Indicating a re
sumption of work here later on. The Crown
Deep is shipping ore to the smelter. . The
Wiser boys are opening up a big mine on
the old Muchmore claim. ! In the creek below
you can pick up plenty of quarts showing
gold. James Sallee has taken a bond on the
Keid mine at Old Diggings. .:
AN" ODD SITUATION.
Thomas. Richardson. Port
land Promoter, Wants Con
ventions Held in the West
The neatest entertainment in the
way of amateur performance given in
the city In Borne time was that of tne
Lowell School at the Girls' High School
last night. A negro minstrel show was
the attraction and all the melodies nec
essary to a successful performance
were warbled. Four end men kept the
audience of 600 In laughter and encores
were the order of t*he evening as the
result of. their jokes. . : . ¦
Nine solos, with the customary cho
rus, were sung and each was applaud
ed to the echo. "Rags," sung by Victor
Pollak, was so captivating that the au
dience did not wish him to quIVbut
Clarence Coleman as "coach" called
time and the finale was rendered by
the entire company.
Thrice Destroyed by Fire and Injured by Prolonged Strike,
Randsburg Thrives Among Difficulties — Low Grade
Ores Yield Good Returns When Wisely Handled
Complete Arrangements for a Novel Entertainment and "Wild West
Pony Show to Be Given This Afternoon for , the Purpose of
Raising Funds to Continue the Work of Their Extermination
PACIFIC STATES
TO CO-OPERATE
SOCIETY LEADERS OF MARIN COUNTY
WILL WAGE WAR ON MOSQUITOES
MINING CAMP UPON DESERT
MANIFESTS OLD TIME PLUCK
LOWELL SCHOOL
PUPILS APPEAR
AS MINSTRELS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, JUNE; 4,",< 1904
4
COOK BOOK OFFER TO <
CLOSE AUGUST
The . Call's Cook , Book prem- %
turn offer will close on August-
30, 1004. and all readers of this
paper who desire a -jcopy.br this-
household treasure ' should ' not
fnll to place* their v order im-;
mediately. . . .-. Vj!
This splendid . premium will]
be* offered to Call subscribers nt
the exceptionally low rate of 50;
cents -per copy. . Out of town!
orders 25 cents additional to:
cover prepayment of transporta-!
tion charges. •
ADVXBTTSEMXirra.
• Soap for toilet, nursery,
bath and shaving. Match-
less among all soaps in
the world for frkese pur-
poses. V
•old all over the world.
j^||K Every Woman
itJi? 1^ ¦ iV^.'Vi A la Interested »u<i should know
h ' v -CjL.\ •*» v \ about the woi.derfal
Vvrv^^SlM'R MARVEL Whirling Sprey
lriSS^'SS'^ViThe n»w Taftetl Srriare. Jnjee-
1 Kr*y??ftSL'fc3L-^ ttonand tiartum. knl— (s*f-
*•> r«ar «n«fUl tur ft. \, &!_
If hr- <-jit:m<ianpply the \'->. tqOTTTr^::-,^^
«tb«. but srnd ilamp loi <fc, m*w!}.i\j
Wnxtrat«d book-««*t«. Itcirrs \«, / "/-,£
fall i>artici:lar» and <lirwtu>n« In- tc'i f ¦ IS
¦t»;iu!Jd(t!:tr.:f| M AKVI L CO-TJ,. IM
*1 rark U«w, Sew lork.
132 New M^r.Lgoiaery. San Kraflclsco, Cal.
Hstti-r'.-tli (Ladles' D»pt-). 224 Sutter.
TTnlon Dru« Co.. 400 Sutler and 100 Stockton.
Oarood Brothers... 7th and Bro&dway, Oakland
Baldwin 1'hanr.aty 119' Ellis
sjtS&B&tm MENANDWOMEIft.
*nfln9t?CX£s>^Elf Cm BlgGforasDaturti
A|V|i it** «»rv\jl di(ch»rr«a .inSaiumatlona.
ff.JJ OuruM H irrtt»tioBS or ulrciailoat
fpfcj «»c te «irtot«r«. of raucous ro»aibtas«t.
l^J Tr*nmu (mikIm. f'tlt'.Mi, olid Dot aitrlo-
tfa's'l'DitEUKSCHEyiCtlCa. cent or pouonons
lffS\ &Camn.CF33| Seld hj Uraemia,
U. ft. A. iffirw sast is plain wrap***.
'TTfe/r^fc <ffiT\l fc r aiprais. prepaid, lot
tl.00. or » bottles M.75-
— •¦ Circular esct on mciit
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application. * '
TEESE AITS SALT MEATS. .
J1S PftVF^ fe Cli gh TP In B" Butchers. 10*
JA2» LUIC3 tt VU. Clay; Ttl. Main 1204.
OILS.
IXTBRICATINO OILS: LEONARD ft ELLIS.
«1S Front St.." «. Tl Pbone Main 1719.
tFBJLHTUIIO.
f RlifiHFS PRINTER,
»? liLUllCJ, fill Saneome et.. B. F.
Scissors Free To-Day to Classified Adyertisers in Next Sunday's Call
___._•_• - : ADVEBTIST'.TtfENTS. ['l\^_
ig^ft vfe Boiled Leg of Mutton. fja
||»|||flC^^«EW Materials: — A leg of mutton; boiling J*pL
ijg|^|sC^V>| water sufficient to cover; one heaping £Xv^|
tableipoonful of salt. tSSS
Lea & Perriris'
Sauce
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
_ Seasoning : Many persons ire apt to consider boiled mutton insipid.
Their objections will be speedily removed if two or
three spoonfuls of Lea C& Perrins' Sauce be added to
the gravy that is served with the meat. .
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, AguU, NEW YORK.
r^T"" '"" pai,ace op AoaiCTOTTjar. £?SS
* Union n Soutnern
Through Pullman- and Tourist
Cars to ST.LOUIS.
JUNE I, 2, 15 (TEACHERS' EXCURSION), 16, 22, 23.
ROUND TRIP Q'7v£5 O
Wall Maps. Handy Pocket Maps And
Handsome Illustrated Guide to' World's
Fair TREE. . . • ¦ •
8. *"• BOOTS, General Aartat, T7. P. B. K.. ¦ • i
1 Montgomery Street, ...
Or Southern Faeifio AffC&n.
I *¦¦:..- piRECTTlNLlEi
iTjf^^Ln 000^ iW/flV PACIFIC ~ OMAHA »
$01^^^ \SALT LAKE. T CHEYENNE >^ -^CHICAXSO .
1 TfRA?&ISCO ClTY k KANgA'^^<^
- ' LlPS ANGELE5 DSNVUf CITY. 3T.LOUISDENVER, June 3. — Miss Maud
Fealey of this city to-day signed a
contract as ¦ leading woman with Sir
Henry Irving for next season.
Miss Fealey to Play With Irving.
DOYLESTOWN, Pa.. June 3.—Rob
ert Steele, a wealthy wholesale liquor
dealer of Philadelphia, was found
dead here to-day, with his neck
broken. His body was found lying at
the foot of an outside stairway leading
to a store. It is supposed that he fell
down the stairway. The Coroner is
investigating.
Liquor Dealer Found Dead.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals yesterday denied petitions for
rehearing in the following cases: Ta
coma Mill Company, vs. Black Hills
and Northwestern Railway Company
et al., Washington.
The Eureka County Bank vs. Ida K.
Clarke, Nevada.
Bunker Hill an 1 Sullivan Mining
and Concentrating Company vs.
Charles T. Jones, Idaho.
The court adjourned until next
Monday.
Rehearing* Denied.
ST. LOUIS, June 3. — The Missouri
State Congregational Association has
adopted resolutions advocating union
with the United Brethren and the
Methodist Protestant churches. The
resolution met with the unanimous
Indorsement of the delegates at the
annual meeting here and the matter
will be further prosecuted.
Advocates Union of Churches.
Frank^G. Rush, who arrived In this
city from Chicago about two months
ago to accept a clerkship in the Pleas
anton Hotel, has disappeared and his
friends have solicited the assistance of
the authorities in locating him. Rush
worked at the Pledsanton about one
month after his arrival. . At the end
of that time he had some disagreement
with the management and left the po
sition; He was stopping with his aged
mother, whom he had Drought from
Chicago, at Pine and Hyde streets, and
on the morning of May 12 bade her
good-by for the day. Mrs. Rush is at
a loss to account for her son's disap
pearance.
Hotel Clerk Disappears.
From Los Angeles — H. B. Ellis and
E. W. Fleming at the Herald Square.
XEW YORK. June 3. — The follow
ing Calif ornians are registered -here:
From San Francisco — E. Boland at
the Vendome, H. Frankel at the Ho
tel Imperial, L. Maynard and T.
O'Brien at the Grand Union, Miss G.
Pentland, F. B. Pentland and wife
and G. Pentland at the Everett House,
Mrs. E. C. Quisley at the Park Ave
nue, P. M. Jones at the Herald Square,
Mrs. W. Kohl at the Holland, A. R.
Morrow at the Imperial and S. E.
Slade at the Albemarle.
California!!* in Xcw York.
No. Bill, a bolt at St. Louis cannot
l>e prevented by merely bolting the
door.
Prisoners Arc Sentenced.
Leon B. Neate, ex-night clerk at the
Plymouth Hotel, who pleaded guilty
in Judge Cook's court to two charges
of burglary for entering the rooms of
two of the guests and stealing con
siderable jewelry, appeared for sen
tence yesterday. Detectives Dinan and
Wren testified that they believed the
defendant's statement that he had
sold the stolen jewelry to Pawnbroker
Carr on Dupont street and the Judge
thought owners should sue Carr
in the civil courts. In view of all the
circumstances the Judge imposed a
sentence of eighteen months in Fol
som penitentiary.- Wong Fook Sam,
convicted of perjury for falsely tes
tifying at the trial of Tom Sam On in
Judge Lawlor's court on April 7, 1903,
was sentenced to serve three years in
San Quentin.
Korean commerce amounts to about
$15,000,000 per annum, the imports being
double the exports.
NEW YORK, June 3.— The direct
ors of the St. Louis and San Francisco
Railroad to-day voted to take from
the treasury 51,000,000 of 4 per cent
refunding bonds, the proceeds of
which will be used to\relmburse the
company for advances made on ac
count of improvements on the prop
erty. The directors ratified the traf
fic agreement for the joint use of the
St. Louis and Iron Mountain line,
which gives the St. Louis and San
Francisco Bysfem entrance into the
Mississippi Valley and into New Or
leans.
Stockholders.
St. Louis and San Francisco Gives
Securities to. Reimburse the
COMPANY UTILIZES
ITS ISSUE OF BOXDS
The remains of the late Father Scan
lan, for years pastor of St. Joseph's
Church, will arrive in this city to-night
from New York. The body will be
taken to St. Joseph's Church and there
lie in state until the funeral on Tues
day morning.
A pontifical high mass will be cele
brated on Tuesday morning' at 10
o'clc-ck by Archbishop George Mont
gomery. The remains of the dead
priest wift then be taken to Hflly Cross
Cemetery and interred. The public
will be admitted to view the remains
from 1 p. m. on Sunday till 10 a. m. on
Tuesday.
Remains of Late Father Scanlan to
Lie In State on Their Arrival in
This City To-Xight.
BELOVED PASTOR WILL
BE BURIED WITH HOXORS
The suit grew out of charges made
by Wanamaker during his canvass for
the United States Senatorshlp several
years ago, and involved what was
known as the "Birk book scandal."
The jury returned a verdict for Wan
amaker.
BEAVER, Pa., June 3. — Judge Wil
son handed down a decision to-day
in the famous slander suit brought
against the Hon. John Wanamaker by
former State Printer Thomas Robin
son, refusing a new trial. This is a
victory for the former Postmaster
General, as Robinson asked for the
new trial.
Court Refuses Thomas Robinson a
New Trial In Case Against For
mer Cabinet Officer.
YVAN'AMARER W1XS IX .
FAMOUS SLAXDER SUIT
PEKSOXAIi.
L. M. Jacobs, a banker of Tucson, is
«t the Grand.
P. L. Flanigan, a capitalist of Reno,
is at the Grand.
Judge John D. "Works of Los Angeles
is at the St. Francis.
Dr. and Mrs. A. Behr of Pasadena
arc at the St. Francis 1 .
Baron von Hofenfels of Munich and
a party of friends, who are making a
tour of the United States, arrived here
yesterday and registered at the Palace
HoteL
H. C. Hulbert of New York, vice
preFident of the Pullman Car Com
pary. arrived here yesterday with a
party of friends in a private car. They
are at the St. Francis.
General Manager Markham and Su
perintendent of Maintenance of "Way
Wallace of the Southern Pacific have
gone to Chicago, where they will join
in a conference with other officials of
the Harrirr.an lines upon the subject
of maintenance of way standards.
C. W. Fielding of London, a director
cf the English syndicate which con
trols the Mountain Copper Company in
Shasta County, is at the Palace with
Lewis T. Wright, manager of the com
pany. Fielding is making his custom
ary annual visit of inspection.
she deliberately lighted and smoked a
cigarette in the presence of their
guests. He says that she did it In the
face of his opposition.
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Delflna Ivancovich from Stivan Ivan
covich for cruelty, Minnie J. • Brown
from G. Olcott Brown for neglect,
Helen C. Dixon from John S. Dixon for
neglect, and Bertha E. Hannan from
Michael Hannan for cruelty.
Suits for divorce were filed by Alice
C. Lundberg against Charles R. Lund
berg for neglect, Flora Mae Thomas
against H. P. Thomas for cruelty and
Merna M. Nathan against Arthur Na
than for. cruelty. » The Nathans resided
at 519 Eddy street.
It was decided to hold the next ses
sion of the Grand Circle in Wood
land.
The per capita tax for the current
year was fixed at 85 cents.
The salary of the grand • financial
secretary was, in view of added duties,
increased $120 a year. „ { . .
The officers-elect were Installed by
Deputy Supreme Chief Companion
Jno. J. Cordy, assisted by Supreme
Sub-Chief Companion Mrs. Lizzie At
wood and Past Grand Chief Com
panion Sirs. Emma' "A. Harrington.
The retiring grand chief companion,
Jennie Krlmmlnger, was presented a
handsome sideboard In appreciation of
her services during her term. She was
also presented a past grand chief com
panion's badge and a like badge was
presented to Mrs. M. A. Duke.
The new grand chief companion,
Mary Thoman, was authorized to ap
point a committee of grand officers and
one from each circle\£o arrange for
sending representatives East to the Su
preme Circle.
The Grand Circle of the Companions
of the Forest of America closed its
seventeenth annual session in Elks'
Hall yesterday. -
Held In Woodland — Officer's
Installed.
Next Jleeting of Grand Body Will Be
COMPANION'S OF FOREST .
SESSION IS CONCLUDED
CHARLES S. DENEEN. REPUBLI
CAN NOMINEE FOR GOVERNOR
OF ILLINOIS.
The suit for divorce of Jennie Clyde
Harner against W. B. Harner, a rail
road official, has brought forth an an
swer and cross-complaint ' from her
spouse. Karner denies specifically all
her charges of cruelty. He says he did
not poison her dog, as she claims, but
admits that he did say to her that if
she showed him one fraction of the- at
tention she showered upon the canine
he would be a much happier man.
Harner says he wanted to get rid of
the animal, and once suggested to his
wife that she send it to a hospital. or
a sanitarium, agreeing at the same
time to pay for its keep there. He says
she refused to comply with his wishes
and persisted in having the pet always
about her, and allowed it to run about
the house and damage the furniture.
Harner also complains of his wife's
temper. He says she loses It without
provocation and that on morethan one
occasion she has attacked him. Once,
he says, in order that he might not be
scratched and clawed beyond recogni
tion by her he had to take her and
hold her on a lounge until she got over
the paroxysm. He also says that he
was greatly humiliated by Mrs. Harner
at a dinner party at their home when
Reed was not present in ,. court,
though he had answered his wife's suit
with a general denial of her charge of
desertion. He was represented, how
ever, by Attorney A. Ruef, while
Colonel Kowalsky appeared on behalf
of the plaintiff.
Mrs. Reed's complaint charged that
Reed deserted her in the latter part o*
1902. They v.-ere married in this city in
May, 1894. No children were born to
them. •
George W. Reed, a well-known and
wealthy coffee merchant, is minus a
wife, $12,500 in cash and four valuable
pieces of realty on Washington "and
Jackson streets, . between Locust and
Spruce, as the result of a suit for a di
vorce filed against him by Nellie Re«d.
Her suit was heard yesterday by
Judge Troutt and at the close of the
hearing the court signed a decree giv
ing her a divorce on the ground of de
sertion and also affixed his signature
to findings containing a stipulation
signed by Reed in which he agreed to
give Mrs! Reed $12,500 in cash and four
pieces of realty provided she would
waive all other claims ?he might have
against him for alimony and counsel
fees. •. .- ;
The coyote, the coward of beasta,
usually more willing to run than fl%ht,
fought a desperate battle with a man
, on hills of Toint Reyes a few days ago.
1 As a result Corporal P. McGee of the
Central ro'.lce station bears an ugly.
scar on one side of his face and head,
the marks of the coyote's teeth.
McGee was at Point Reyes "on a va
cation. With Marln County's Deputy
Sheriff, Thomas Irving, and George W.
Phelan, McGee started a half-dozen
hounds on a coyote hunt. Finally one
of the foremost canines caugHt the
scent of the "desert scavenger."
McGee tcok a short cut to head off
the gray-haired beast,' and remarked
to his friends that he would catch the
coyote in his arms. He was standing
on the brink of a bluff. Suddenly the
hunter felt something strike him on the
left side. He clutched the object, lost
his balancer and fell to the bottom of
the cliff, clutching a great shaggy coy
ote. McGee fought to disentangle him
self from the unwelcome affinity. The
coyote bit. clawed and fought with
great viciousness. The animal cut a
gash four inches long in the face and
head of the unfortunate hunter -and
made its escape. McGee," though
wounded, seised his rifle and shot the
coyote before it got away. The dead
animal was- pronounced one of the big
gest ever seen in Marin County. It was
as large as a great St. Bernard and
had tusks two and a half inches long.
McGee was taken into Point Reyes
station and his wounds were dressed.
The injured corporal is now the hero
of the Central station; being the only
riren there with the record of a wild
beast fighter.
The newly created executive commit
tee of the Republican State Central
Committee will meet this evening at
party headquarters in the Palace Hotel
and probably select a chairman of the
general body. There is no fight on for
the position. It is understood, how
ever, that General George Stone, who
was at the head of the Republican
State Committee In the memorable
McKlnley campaign of 1900, Is willing
to serve the party again. State Senator
Tncmas Flint of R»i Benito, an or
ganiser of exceptional ability and ex
perience, stands ready to accept the re
sponsibility of the chairmanship. Oth
ers equally capable are spoken of.
It is quite well understood that the
chairman, whoever he may be, will
make a SDecial effort to win for the
party every Congressional district of
California. Theodore Roosevelt, the
Republican nominee for President, will
receive a tremendous majority. The
victory, however, will be incomplete In
the event of failure to elect a solid Re
publican Congressional delegation. The
old First District was once lost to the
Republicans by the indifference of the
State Central Committee to the candi
deey of John A. Barham.
Signs indicate that the Democrats of
the Second Congressional District in
tend to adopt the tactics of De Vries/
who went before the voters with a
Democratic nomination on a Democrat
ic platform aad won his election
by making stra!?ht-out Republican
speeches. Duncan E. McKinlay of So
norr.a County will in all probability be
the Republican nominee for Congress
5n the Second. He is a campaigner of
exceptional merit and enterprise and a
Republican of unswerving loyalty. In
all the Dolltical campaigns since 1892
he has carried the standard of his par
ty as one of the leading speakers of
the Republican State Committee. He
is known and honored in every county
and town in California. If he is nom
inated he will let the voters of the Sec
ond know that he !s the only Repub
lican nominee for Congress in that dis
trict. When elected he will be able,
with the assistance of his fellow Repre
sentatives of Republican sentiment, to
accomplish something for the people of
his district.
Division of Property Re
sult of Woman's Agree
ment to Waive Alimony
Special Efforts Will Be
Made to Achieve Victory in
Every District of California
? ¦ . .
Fierce Encounter Results
iii Maiming of Officer
and the Death of Animal
ANIMAL IS EN0B3I0US
CONGRESSIONAL BATTLE
SPRIXOFIEXD. m, Jan© 3.— By
mating a combination with Charles S.
Deneen, I*. T. Sherman, Howland J.
Harnlin and John H. Pierce. Governor
Yates to-day broke the deadlock In the
Republican State Convention and
brought about the nomination of De
neen for Governor. The nomination was
made on the seventy-ninth ballot,
which stood: Tates l, v Lowden 622*4,
Deneen 957U, Warner 31.
The combination waa the result of a
series of conferences which were held
last night and this morning and which
were participated In by Yates, Deneen,
Hamlin, Sherman and Pierce. The
agreement had not been consummated
when the convention met at 10 o'clock
this morning, and the Yates and De
neen people forced a recess until 2 p. m.
Then the parties to the combination
met and finally agreed upon Deneen as
the candidate. When the convention
reconvened Tates, Hamlin and Sher
man withdrew their names from the
consideration of the delegates, and
urged their friends to vote for Deneen.
"When the seventy-ninth rollcall was
ordered and Adams County led off with
"one vote for Yates and nineteen for
Deneen" the wildest excitement pre
vailed. As the call proceeded it became
evident that the new combination
would win, but the original Lowden
men for the most part remained firm
and went to defeat with him. When the
call was completed Lowden moved to
make the nomination unanimous, and
Chairman Cannon declared the motion
carried. All of the pent-up enthusiasm
of the delegates manifested Itself as
Deneen came to the platform and
briefly thanked the convention for the
honor. In response to the demands of
the assemblage Colonel Lowden made
an address, pledging his support to the
ticket.
The convention then took up the nom
ination of a candidate for Lieutenant
Governor, but the 'leaders of the new
combination were not prepared for this,
and a recess/ was taken until 3 p. m.
In the meantime the parties to the
combination which had nominated De
neen met at the executive mansion and
prepared a slate for the remainder of
the ticket.
The ticket was completed at the night
session as f (Slows:
Lieutenant Governor, L. I. Sherman.
Secretary of State, James A. Rose
(incumbent).
State Treasurer. Len Small.
State Auditor, Joseph S. McCullough
(incumbent).
Attorney General, W. H. Stead.
University Trustees, Mrs. Mary T.
Bussey, Charles Davidson and W. L.
Abbott.
The ticket went through according to
the slate agreed upon at the executive
mansion conference, except in the case
of B. M. Chipperfleld, 'whom W. H.
Stead defeated for Attorney General.
At 11:40 o'clock the convention ad
journed sine die.
Chairman of the Republican
State Central Committee
3Iay Be Chosen To-Xight
Police Corporal P. McGee En
gages in an Ann to Leg
Struggle With Big Coyote
BEED DOES NOT APPEAK
Wife of Coffee Merchant Se
cures Decree," $12,500 in
Cash and Valuable Realty
Long and Tedious Tie-Up in Illinois Republican State
Convention Ended by Combination Which Forces Choice
for Governor, and Result Is Accepted With Enthusiasm
GETS DIVORCE
AND A FORTUNE
PREPARATIONS
FOR CAMPAIGN
DENEEN BREAKS DEADLOCK
AND WINS NOMINATION
MAN AND BEAST
FIGHT BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE ,4, v 1904.
Ladies are cordially invited to visit the
new gas range -and heating department
of San Francisco Gas and (Electric Co.;
415 Post St., now open for Inspection. *
5
ADVESTISEJIJSirca.
STATEMENT
OP THE
; CONDITION* AXD AFFAIRS.
Northwestern Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MILWAUKEE, IN THE STATE OF
Wisconsin, on the 31st day. of December,
A. D., 1CC3. and for the year ending on that
( day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements or Section 613 of the Political
Code of said State.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
In Cash
ASSETS. ~
Net value of Real Estate Owned
by the Company $3,611,897 42
Amount of Loans secured by
Bond and Mortgage on Real
Estate 85,718.617 07
Premium notes and loans in any
form taken in payment ot
premiums en policies now in
force S12.3U M
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Eonds owned by the
Company 67,463,352 43
Amount of Cash on hand In
Company's Office 208.436 75
Amount of Cash deposited In
Banks 2.25S.3S3 09
> Interest due the Ccmpany and
unpaid . .' 01.202 39
Interest accrued but rot due.... 2.4W.469 40
Net amount of premiums, in pro-
cess of collection, and of de-
ferred premiums 2,252.755 52
Loans made to policy holders as-
signed as collateral 13.751.253 00
Rents due and accrued 31.036 59
Total Assets $173,200,825 20
=- . ¦
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and
unpaid $107,083 12
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In process
of adjustment, or adjusted
but not due 509,142 58
Claims resisted by the Company 40,000 CO
Net present valu? cf all the out-
standing policies, computed'
according to the Combined
Experience Tables of Mortal-
-. Ity, with four per cent In-
terest • 145.C35.S54 00
Amount of alt unpaid dividends j
to policy holders ' 2,502,823 00
Tontine Surplus payable to policy
holders 23.«79,36O 7S
All other Liabilities 711.697 73
Total Liabilities $172,585,861 30
INCCfME. ~~ ~
Cash received for premiums on
new policies during the
.year $3.62«».O34 69
Cash received for renewal of
premiums during the year.. 22.52S.714 81
Cash received for Interest 7,010.017 44
Cash received for rents 4.14,731 48
Cash received from all other
sources 234,875 14
Total Income $.Tl,835,273 68
.EXPENDITURES. ~
Cash paid for losses and ma-
turf d endowments $8,13.1.547 29
Cash paid to annuitants 45.SS5 30
Cash paid for surrendered .
policies 2,460,634 65
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders 4.456,172 04
Commissions paid to agents ... 2,927,712 60
Salaries and other compensation
¦ of officers and employes, ex-
cept agents and medical ex-
aminers 4S1.8S2 42
Salaries and traveling expenses
of managers of agencies 11,191 51
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
aries 170.822 51
Cash paid for taxes 670.507 19
Cash paid for rents 41.585 00
Cash paid for commuting com-
missions 430 74
All other cash payments (speci-
fying) Repairs on Real
Estate. Legal Expenses, Ad-
vertising. Printing. etc..
$378,449 33; Premium notes
voided by lapse, $9,97!> 31:
all other payments, $1,247,-
715 26 1.636.143 90
Total Expenditures during
the year »21.O36,645 15
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT^
Premium notes and other prem-
ium obligations at beginning
of the year $292,223 25
Premium notes and other prem-
ium obllgatlcns received dur-
ing the year 144.691 80
Total $436,915 OS
Deductions during the year, as follows:
Amount of notes and other prem-
ium obligations used In pay-
ment of losses and claims. . $15,246 74
'Amount of notes and other prem-
- lum obligations used in pur-
chase of surrendered policies 8,855 85
Amount of notes and other prem-
ium obligations used In pay-
ment' of dividends to policy
holders 35.208 51
Amount of notes and other pre-
.- mlum obligations. voided by
lapse of policies 6 9,979 31
Amount Of notes and other prem-
, ¦ lum obligations iv<leemed by'
maker In cash S5.313 10
Total reduction of Prem-
tum.Note Account $124,603 51
Balance. ' note assets at end of
the year $312,31154
WILLAFX> MERRILL^ President.
J. W. SINNER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
29th day of January. 1004.
P. R. SAJfBORN. Notary Public
clarence¥. smith,
. General Agent for California,
114 Phelan Building,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL,
OCEAN TBAVEL.
S Steamers leavs Broadway
wharves, pters 9 and 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketchlkan, Wranrel.
Juneau, H&ines, Skaguay.
etc., Alaika — 11 a. m. ¦ Jua«
4, 9. 14, 1», 24. July 3.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Towns#nd. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett,
Belllneham— 11 a. m., June 4, », 14, 19, 24.
July 5. Change at Seattle to this company's
¦teajners for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at S»aUl*
or Tacoma to N. ¥. Ry. ; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bayi — Pomona. l:3O
p m., June 3, », 1«. 21. 27. July 3. Corona.
l:3O p. m.. June 6. 12, IS. 24. SO.- July 6.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Dleeo and Santa Barbara—*
Santa Ro?a. Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Arseles (via San Pedro and Eaat
San Pmiro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mont-
erey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. June 8. 16. 24, July Z.
Coos Bar. 9 a. m.. June 4. 12, Cf>. 23, July «.
For Ens-nada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salla, Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1004— Th»
palatial excursion steamship Spnkana will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria. June 7,
21. July 5, 1». Auk. 2. 1C.
For farther Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to chance steamers or sailing dates.
T1CJUJT OrriCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market ?t.and Bread-
way wharves, rreight Office, 10 Market st.
C T>. DUN'AXX, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
AMERICA!! T.TWE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 9:3O a. m.
ft. Paul.. Jun# IT (St. Lcnis .June SI
Philadelphia. . .June 19iGermanic July 3
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT X.I3TE.
XTew Yori — Iiondon Direct.
Mlnnehaba June 11. 3:3O p. m.
Minneapolis June Is, 9 a. m.
Mesaba June 25. 9 a. n.
Mlnnetonka : July 2. 0 a. m.
Only first-class, passengers carried.
DOMINION £1272:.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passag-).
Dominion June HlCanada June 23
Southwark June l.SjVancouver July 2
EOLLAHP-AMISICA I.IITE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of li.5oo Tons.
New Vork — Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Potsdam June 14 iRyndam June OT
Rotterdam June 2l|Noordam July 3
KEI> STAB IJNX.
New Yori — Antwerp — Paris. .
From New York Saturdays at 10:30 a. in.
Kroonland June HIFlnland Juno 23
Zeeland June l.^lVaderland July J
"WHITE STAB LZSE.
Hew York — Qaeenstown — iil-rerpooL
Sailing Wednesdays.
Cedric.June 15. <i ara. jOceanic.June 29, 7 am
MaJestic.June 23,10 amj Teutonic. July 9. 10 am.
Arabic.June 24. 3 pm. ICeltlc.JuIy 8. 1 pm.
• ' Boston — Qneenatown — Liverpool. ¦ .
Cymric June 16, July 14, Aug. IS
Cretlc '. June 3O. July 28. Aug. 2%
Republic (new) ..July 7. Auk. 11. Sept. 4
NEW SERVICE FROM BOSTON. .
Fast Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11.40O to 15,000 tons.
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE
MBDXTEBBANEAN. VIA A20BE3.
GIBEALTAB. NAPLES. GENOA.
ROMANIC June 18. July 30. Sept. 17
CANOPIC - July 2. Aug. 27. Oct. »
First Class. $65. upward, depending on date.
C. D» TAYLOR. Pa?»snger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post st.. San Franclseo.
J4amburg-/kmericcm.
Semi-Weekly Twta Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURO
TSE GSSA? OCBAN TLTElt.
S. S. Deutsciiland
(586% ft. lonjp— 234 knots average speed.
Sails Ju!y 7. Aug. 4. Sept. 1.
Hamburg *. ....June 16|t*MoItke June 30
Phoenicia June IS; {Patricia July 2
tiiluecher . .. -June Zi'Deutschland ..July 7
Pennsylvania ..June 23'BeIgravia July a
•Has grillroom and tg-ymnaslum °n ooard.
(Will call east bound at Dover only.
HA2II»TJEO-AMI:KICAjI XiINS.
Offices 33 and 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOQ & CO.. 401 CALIFORNIA ST.
O. i?- & N~ CO.
COLUMBIA sails June 6. 16 and 28. July «,
16 26. GEO. "W. ELDER satis Jun» 1> 11 and
2li July 1. 11. 21. Only steamship line to
PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets to
all points. Steamer tickets include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Oen. Ajrt. Pass. Dept.. I
Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agant
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
oceaaies.s.co.siii
S S A LAM EDA, for Honolulu, June 4. 11 a.m.
8. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thurs.. June 18, "2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a. m.
I.D.SPRICXELS & BEOS. OMzfc.Ticat OSK 643 i\i-
tei, Frete&t 0incd3i3Marf3tSL; pis r.-Piuu ;:.
i , — ¦
COXPAGKIS GEHSSiLS TEA.iaATLANTigji
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. --
Sailing every Thursday Instead oC «\iri?'*)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ¦««*>« 5*
North River, foot of Morton st
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond clais to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
- Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To U.S. Navy Tard and Vallejo.^
BTMRS GEN. FRISBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW— 9:45 A. M.. 12:.J0 noon. 3:15 P. M..
6 00 P. M.. 8:SO P- M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays
9-45 A M.. 8:30 P. M. Leave Vallejo 1:0O
AM. ofw A. M. 12:30 NOON. 3:15 P. M..
6-Ou P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays 7:00 A. M..
4-15 P M -Fare one way. 5Cc. Landing and
office Pier 2. foot Mission st. Phono Mala
'" 15CS.' HATCH BROS.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Marfcet.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
_V'_- : ;._•.¦__-'. .... AD V KiiTISEBnS NTS.
an y° u w^«
book - shelves *^ lg£ i^^S^J^^^^^^'^^^'^^^^^ja
handsom* table thrown in for [-A l|^J$a!2tf«$w S^SalSH R»P1
8 • a dollar a week. ItSBAiyist . A-^J^W — A^^^w^^jtjg
3 Price' Rr?S- Made of the finest rv H IT -"»¦¦¦¦'" -»-"~i ' w*-.»« - | J>j y ni ?f n
H quarter-sawed golden oak. Splen- IS 53 vdl tj H
B did cabinet work inside and out. jjj i a Sfi| |J «
H .Better than «m .• f*m w*^ ". w ¦ ¦ _ *
y you'd expect from Hj. j y ¦* li yjjV|U 1 ' Jtfnrj
H . the picture. Made Jj a • ' l/ _ jj^>^>^ sd£0§^tt£?¥ S^S
B No Mall V>r Telephone Order* »Prallr Erf el
n Accepted. M*4 Eli <pSj
DE. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
"I last courmom mnd thought I
mrould msrer rmgmia my health."
"Three years of delicate health
trying doctors' prescriptions and
patent medicines" without benefit
might well sap the courage of any
woniso. And yet Mrs. Ery ant proved
that the question of the cure of worn-
anly disease is only a question of
using the right remedj. A few doses
of 'Favorite Prescription' restored
her courage and revived her hope,
because roe could see "a decided
change from the £«*." Three
months' use of the medicine re-
stored her to perfect health.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription
cures irregularity, dries •weakening
drains, heals inflammation and • ul-
ceration, and cures female weakness.
Mrs. Sarah Errant, President of Mfmpiii
Social Science Club, residing at 171 Atkinson
Avr,. Memphis. Tena.. writes: "I sufcrrt-d
with delicate health for three years, trying
doctors' prescriptions and | patent medicines
until I lost courage and thocrht I would
serer regain my health; but a lew doses of
yoer 'Favorite Prescription* made me chan ge
my mind. Could see a decided change from
the first, so I kept on taking it for three
months faithfully and am now in perfect
health."
Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser, in
paper covers, is sent free on receipt
- of 21 one-cent stamps to pev expense
' of mailing only. Address Dr. R. V.
I Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
- w APVEBTISEMENT&. .-
; Our Ladies' Tailored Suits Must Go :
Note the Reductions for To-Day :
i $8.00 SUITS $3.95
i $12.50 SUITS $5.95
! $18.00 SUITS. $10.95
! ' MUST GET OUT ON JULY 15. ;
I 911-913 MARKET STREET
1; : . ¦ \ ; ¦ ' ¦ ;
!' \ ._..; *..';
Ejvj r*Jt n ha if T kTI O W VOU C3.ft I h3.VC uM
E sent hundreds and hundreds of people from ||
H California to points as far cast as the Atlantic pja
H Coast without their having a care or annoyance ||
|i on the whole journey. |j|
H It is easy when one knows how— and every 11
H Burlington Route representative knows how. ||
H Let me tell you more about it. My sugges- ||
H tions will cost you absolutely nothing and may ||
H prove very useful. Drop me a card to-day, f|
H telling me where .you. would like to go, and §3
Eli about when, or use the fpllowihg coupon. |||
iji W. D. SANBORN, General Agent Burlington Route, p|
K§ . 831 M»rk«t Str««t, 8AN FRANCISCO. Ell
|||| L«t me have your suggestions concerning a trip fe3Generally when people are too proud
to beg and too honest to steal they are
also too lazy to work.
OAKLAND. June 3. — The Alameda
County Bar has passed resolutions of
respect to the memory of the late At
torney .George S. Evans. The resolu
tions were presented by Attorney Clar
enceCrowell and seconded by Attor
ney James A. Johnscn. Superior
Judges John Ellsworth. W. E. Greene,
B. F. Ogden and Henry Melvin sat in
bank -'while 'the ceremonies were in
progress.
Hcspt'Ct to George S. Evans.
OAKLAND, June 3.— The following
marriage licenses were issued to-day
bv the County Clerk: ' Fr?dcric'/C V/.
Wrede, over 21, and Emma J Schafef,
over 18, both of Mount Eden: Pi'erson
W. Morehouse,:over 21, Oakland, and
Mabel C. Hamilton, over, 18,' '¦ Peta r
luma; Joseph Fernandez, 25,^ ami
Mary PimentaC 19, both of Oakland ;
William W. Saint, 32,' and Edith Da
vis, 21, both of, Oakland; Roland E.
Munro, over 2i, ; Woodslde, arid' Christ
Una Ottmann, over 18, Redwood city.
Marriage Licenses.
County.* announce the engagement "of their
daughteTiEda to William T. Locke of- this city
The wedding will take place In October
Mr. and Mrs. George , E. Plummer left last
evening for St. Louis and a tour of the East
ern. States. They will be absent from Alameda
for two months. • -
C. J. . Okell and family of Dayton avenue
and Sherman street- hare left for an outUi? at
151* Meadows. . . ... • , „ • .- .
Miss Myrtle Meoartney became the bride of
Dr. William P. Wiiiard at the Mecartney home
en-Bay Farm Island laet night. The marriage
ceremony was performed by Rev William
Norman liuthrte of Christ Episcopal Church
and. was witnessed by. a limited number of
the relative* and near friends -of the bridal
pair.
OAKLAND, June 3.— In trying to
alight from a freight train on which
he had stolen a ride from Los Angi
les Samuel Wilson, a laundryman,
fell with his left foot across the track
and it was crushed off by the whepta
of the car. 'The accident occurred at
6 thin morning at the Six
teenth-street station. "Wilson -was re
moved to the Receiving Hospital *or
surgical treatment. .'./' '.:'. ¦
Train Takes Off Foot.
BERKELEY, June 3. — The blind
students at the State Institute for the
Deaf and the Blind entertained their
friends at a concert this -evening In
the char>el at the institute. An elabor
ate programme of classical. music was
given and the • students -presented . a.ri
excellent exhibition of their skill in
spite ot the most sorrowful of afflic
tions. H.'-r.
Blind, Children Entertain.
BERKELEY, June 3. — In the sight
of her horrified father, Tessie Ma
rengo, the 11 -year-old daughter of S.
A. Marengo of 2216 Sixth street, was
dragged for a block by a frightened
horse. The father Jumped to the res
cue of his child. The accident waa
caused by the slipping of the saddle.
It became loose Just after, she had
mounted the horse's back and she fell
to the ground, with her foot caught In
the stirrup.
Horse Drags Little Girl.
OAKLAND, June . 3.— The Police
Commissioners to-day set the trial of
Policeman Thomas Merrlck on a
charge of drunkenness for June 10 at
3:30 o'clock p. m. Mary C. 'Ross,
Mrs. A. B. Martin.and Mrs. C. F. Bax
ter filed applications ; for appointment
as matron. of the' City Prison. C. J.
Dowen, a special policeman, resigned.
The Sequoia Athletic Club was granted
permission to' hold- a boxing contest
on'June 14. . .' ' :"*
Merrlck's Trial Set.
Lucy Schmlttinger has instituted di
vorce proceedings against J; Schmlt
tlnger onthe f ground of cruelty. 'They
were married" in lli 88 „ and have one
son.
OAKLAND, June 3. — Julia Mar :
rlott, "wife of Edwin R.,' otherwise
known as "Ned" Marriott,", * son '' of,
Frederick Marriott, editor 1 of. the San
Francisco News Letter, was granted a":
divorce to-day by Judge Ellsworth on
the ground of habitual intemperance.
She was awarded the custody cif their
son and allowed $20 a month alimony'
for his support. . .."*'..*.
H. McKeown, superintendent of the
California Flax Mills, was granted a
divorce to-day from Alice McKeown
on the .ground of desertion.' They
were married many years *ago t in the
East and she left him there.
H. McKoown Is Separated From Ills
Spouse — Lucy Sclimittlnger Charges
Husband With Cruelty.-
JULIA MARRIOTT GIVEN
DECREE OF DIVORCE
BERKELEY, June 3. — Edward
Murphy, a young man whose home is
at 32 Clara street, San Francisco, was
struck with a baseball bat during an
altercation in the saloon of the West-,
em Hotel in West Berkeley last night
and is now lying dangerously injured
at the Receiving, Hospital in Oakland.
The injured man lay in a vacant lot
at the corner of Page street and San
Pablo, avenue all night. No one will
tell who struck him/..'; ,"
Hit With a Bat.
OAKLAND, June 3.— The drill corps
of the Young Men's Republican
League has reorganized for the com
paign. Officers have been elected as
follows: Captain, John F. Kick; first
lieutenant, George W. NIckerson; Sec
ond" lieutenant, W, J.' Garibaldi: sec
retary-treasurer, Phll ; Krepper. 'The
subordinate officers appointed by Cap
tain Kick are: Quartermaster sergeant,
L. Moreno;" standard., bearer, Louis
Asher. •• > • •¦•_ ¦•* ¦> . .
Young Republicans Reorganize.
April 2ft— Edwin Cooley, 4 years of
age, -beaten on Walnut street, near
Central avenue.
April 27— Stanley Sturm, attacked on
Central avenue, near Walnut street..
May 30— Miss Annie Seebeck, domes
tic, attacked on .Encinal- avenue, near
Regent street. .
.'IN TROUBLE BEFORE. , ; -
Blake has been in trouble' with the'
police on numerous occasions and has
been arrested several times for petty
thefts. He was once "taken into cus
tody for 'opening a- letter containing
greenback bills and^elllng them for
half their value. He is regarded by the
police as being morally degenerate and
Chief John Conrad fells certain that in
Blake he has "Jack the Swatter,"
whose unaccountable attacks on wo
men and children puzzled -the police
for so long.: In all of the attacks the;
assailants did nothing morethan strike
and -kick his victims. ; No effort was
made, 1 ; to rob them or to molest them In
any other way."' '¦ ¦. '¦ <¦ '¦'•• . ¦ . i
Following is the list of assaults that
are credited to "Jack the Swatter'.':!
•¦ -February 21— Miss Kate Cronin, ' do
mestic, knocked down .and kicked in
the face at the corner of Santa Clara
avenue and Everett street.
April 24— Mrs. W. F. Burns, house
wife,, attacked close to the. place where
Miss Cronin met the thug. •
Miss Johanna' Holmberg, domestic,
attacked and beaten badly on the face
at the corner of San Jose avenue and
Regent street, two' hours after the as
sault on Mrs.: Burns,
I said I was, not and he let me go. It would
have been an odd thing for me to do If I was
the one that beat Miss -' Seebeck to go back
and try and find the things she. had lost..
Arthur Gale, whose home is at 1319
Broadway, states that he was aroused
by the dcreams of a woman Sunday
night; that he threw up his window
and, seeing a man going east along
Encinal avenue, called out, "Who is
that?" When the person replied- Gale
affirms he recognized Blake's voice and
that the latter told him he had just
picked up. a bundle and that he was
going jto take it home to wait and hear
from. the owner. .;.,., :•,'.".,,'.
OAKLAND, June 3. — Five months
ago Florence Stella Clark became Mrs.
Frederick Pickett. The wedding was
a Salvation Army one and occurred
at the barracks of the army. Adjutant
Hawkes officiating. To-day Mrs.
Pickett is missing and her husband
says he believes she has gone away
with another man. Pickett was taken
sick last Sunday and has been confined
to his bed for the greater part of the
time since. It was on that date that
he says he saw his wife for the last
time.
Bride Disappears.
OAKLAND, June 3.-^-Compromise
between the scavengers and the Pa
cific incinerating Company is at hand.
Negotiations are on and the scaven
gers', attorney,' James H. Creely, has
announced that he .expects there will
be a speedy settlement.
The crematory people have insisted
upon a strict enforcement of the or
dinance which gives them the exclu
sive right to collect the city's garbage.
Many arrests of scavengers who per
sisted in continuing in business were
made. There are forty cases pending
in the Police Courts. Five of them
were Bet for to-day in Judge Samuels'
court.' Attorney Creely, in asking for
a continuance of a week, said- he be
lieved a settlement would be. made
that would render further proceedings
unnecessary.
Attorney Says Negotiations Are Pend
ing That .Will Probably End
Warfare With Crematory.
LOOKS FOR ; SETTLEMENT
OF SCAVENGERS' FIGHT
I will admit that I was In the neighborhood
of Santa -Clara avenue and Everett street
.when Miss Cronin was, attacked. I was going
toward Park street ; and a fellow held me up.
I think his -name was Peddler. -He 'asked me
if T was the man that bad beaten the clrl.
I'- think 'the girl said when • she. saw me
that"- 1 '•" Wag the fellow. 4 but - Postel did not
teem'to think so. I do not know; the Seebeck
girl and did not see - any one near , Encinal
avenue and Regent ' street 1 when I reached
tfcere • after ; she screamed. I ¦ tried to .- help
her and this Is what I. get."" -1' am thrown into
Jail and all this Is. blamed on me. It would
have been better ..for . me . to , keep away,, and
allow the fellow to beat her. head off. '.-. .-
THINKS HE'S A -MARTYR.
¦ Last Sunday ".-night about .12 :30. , o'clock I
was standing near: the Park Hotel. Intending
tb go home, when I heard a woman , (wream
about two .blocks up Enctnal avenue- toward
High street. Thinking 1 1 1 might be-.; able to
help her I .walked toward. .where th«v sounds
came from and when< "between" -Regent street
and- Broadway. . near a cornfield, 1 noticed a
package on the sidewalk. I picked It • up
and had gone but • a few steps when Arthur
Gale, who i lives on Broadway, near Encinal
avenue, halloed • from . a 1 "window,/: "Who la
that?" he having been awakened by the wo
man's screams. I recognized his voice and
said, "This Is Blake. Arthur, and I Just
picked up a bundle." He replied, "Take It
hemt and wait until .-you find the owner."
I took the package to my place and threw
It Inside the fence. Then I returned to where
I had picked It up, thinking that 'the woman
might be lying around near In a faint. -¦;..¦ »
I - lighted • a match and found a ' veil, . two
hairpins and -* a .comb. .. Just as 1 was going
to leave. with these George Poatel and a girl
came "Tip and- 1 'asked her If they were look-
Ing for the things. - They said, they were
and I then told them that I had another
package at • my" house. -They went with , me
andi got' the "package."'- -« '*,'
These were 'found, in the. possession
of young Blake' and "are regarded 'as
the. strongest kind of evidence* by. the
police. Here is how Blake relates. they
camejinto his. .possession : and* how lie
came to be near by when Miss # See
beck and Miss Cronin' w,ere ?avagely
slugged: . • ¦• i -
EVIDENCE ' IS ¦ STRONG;
ALAMEDA, June 3.— Milton Blake;
ag"etri9 v years,"ahd tlidUght tb*b*e : '.'Jack,
the Swatter," 1 ' who has ' terrorized and
brutally -beaten six women and chil
dren..here within the,- last .four months,
is now in the City Prison with two
charges of battery preferred against
him, orie'b'y Miss Annie Seebeck and
the other by Miss Kate- Croniri, both
of whom identify him as the person
that attacked them. Miss Cronin is
positive that Blake is her assailant and
Miss Seebeck asserts tnai she is quite
certain that the prisoner is the individ
ual that knocked her down and •sav
agely kicked her last Sunday: night.
Blake, who is a painter and lives
with his mother,- brother and sister at
2620 Encinal avenue, was taken into
custody last night by Detective. George
Brown on a battery complaint pre
ferred, by Miss Seebeck.. He was later
reieased on $75 ball. This morning Miss
Cronin swore, to another pattery com
plaint against the youtn- after..posi
tively identifying him as her. assail
ant on the night, of February 20. Blake
admits that he was in the vicinity of
Santa Clara avenue and Everett street
when Miss Cronin was attacked and
also that he. was in the neighborhood
of Encinal avenue and Regent street
when 'Miss , Seebeck • encountered the
nocturnal thug, but he denies that he
attacked either of the yourig women.
When Miss Seebeck was-assailed last
Sunday, night at 12:30 jj o'clock,: after
alighting from a side tram and start
ing on her way to the home. of her
employers, Mr. and Mrs.'C. D. Postel,
1206' Broadway, " hVr haC veil, comb,
hair pins and a; package* were* .lost in
the . determined'; *struggle fshe' -put;; up
with her .assailant:-** • '¦"- •'-' '¦' "• .."
Principal Martin said the complaint
was on the general ground that salaries
were inadequate; that in the list of
fifty-five cities in the United States
Oakland stands sixteenth as to the
amount of salaries paid in high schools.
The grammar and primary grades rates
have not been compared as yet.
The teachers' committee Is composed
of C. E. Keyes, principal ¦ of the La
fayette School; C. H. Rugh, principal
of the Washington School; J. A. Ver
gon, principal of the Bay School; J.
D. Martin, principal of the Grant
School; Miss A. E. Walton, principal of
the Tompkins School; Miss Bertha
Chapman, Miss Margaret Wythe, Miss
Elizabeth Sherman and Miss Elizabeth
Arlett.
¦ The : public school ; teachers of this
cfty have opened a campaign for an in
crease in salaries.; The Teachers" Club
of Alameda County has. named a com
mittee which appeared to-night before
the 1 Finance Committee of the Board
of Education and made a. preliminary
presentation of the arguments which
will be further elaborated at a general
meeting of the board next week.
Oakland, Office San jFrahcisco". Call,
. } ' : ' f "^016 Br6adwayfJune 2.';
The following have been nominated
by the committee for places on the
executive committee:
A. S. Kellogg. W. T. Knox. T. J. Evans,
H. H. Hall. 'M. B. Cady. D. T. Fero, B. F.
Richards, A.- J. Bourdeau, raisKlonary secre
tary; B. F. Richards, superintendent of young
people's work: Mrs. Mina Mann; secretary of
Sabbath School work and young people's work;
S. C. Oaborne. State canvassing . agent, j •
Trustees California Conference Association:
C.H. Jones, A. S. KeHoggi R. P. Gray.-.JiiE.
Parlln, O." W. MINs, M.- H. Brown,- U. . M..
Bowen; • ¦ • " : ¦-. ' ¦ ¦ i ¦- '..-,- .
The .eleven resolutions .jaj- regard "to
the educational system of the Seventh
Day Adventists constituted the subject,
under discussion at. to-day's .meeting
of the- conference -which is being held
at Bushrod Park. The most important
of the resolutions and the one which
provoked the most discussion pertained
to the manner in which the church
schools should be supported. The reso
lution which provided that the various
churches pay monthly into the confer
ence treasury, through the church
treasurers, three per cent of their in
come, was laid on the table.
A counter proposition was put for
ward by E. E. Parlln of San Fran
cisco, who is anxious to see the school
revenue maintained by setting aside a
sum from the tithes of each year. * The
debate will be taken up. again on; next
Sunday, 'when the matter will be de
cided. , . , .
An important change was made to
day in the manner of. governing the
schools. Hereafter the office of church
school superintendent will be elective.
In the past an appointment has been
made by the conference committee.
The committee on nominations has
made the following report for officers
for the ensuing year: A. S. Kellogg,
presfdent; J. S. Osborn, secretary, and
Pacific Press Publishing Company»
treasurer. * " :.n
Berkerey Office San Francisco CalU'
1 2148 Center StreetT ; June tS&
SUSPECT UNDER " AJtltfeST ..XN
« AI/AMEDA ¦- AND 'TWO OF HIS
A1JLEGKD ,yiCTlMS. , u 7J*
Seventh Day Adventists
Plan to Get Money for
Their^^Growing; .Schools
Public School Teachers Open
a Campaign to Gain an
Jiifease In Their Salaries
During his incarceration P-.ilm's
agents have been' busy collecting
moneys due him. He told Resd th-it
if he would grant him continu.ince*
he would get the money tosr.;th«:r, but
if the matter were presssa he would
have to stand trial on a charge of
embezzlement.
"With this understanding he wis
given time and to-day succeeded in
liquidating his account an I wa? lib
erated. He has also ag-eed to drop
all further litigation in r-isard lo the
estate.
OAKLAND, , ..June ,3.-r After s^x
weeks' -imprisonment, , Charles \y\
Palm, executor of the .estate, of. the
late -Warren- p.; Heaton. .has been^able
to pay. jover 4 to- Jennie,.. M.
$2085 due her from her father's, es
tate. Palm, was arrested last April
on the petition of Attorney George W.
Reed for contempt of cou't'm not
having paid the money. Palm has
beer, in the' County Jail sine-;. 1 *
After Six Weeks' Imprisonment He. Is
. Able to Pay Heaton Estate
. Claims.
CHARLES \V. PALM ESCAPES
CONTEMPT PROCEEDINGS
BEGIN FIGHT
FOR MORE PAY
CONSIDER TAX
FOR EDUCATION
The wilr was written entirety in the
hand of deceased. . .He makes his. wife
arrd £is daughter - executriees -¦¦ of .his
will and makes them heirs of the fam
ily home- at. 1057 Market street. A
silver tea service, presented to. him by
the L O. O. F. Grand Lodge of Cali
fornia in 1868 ne gives^tro his,daugh
ter,. Mary Fox Gray. : He leaves other
keepsakes to' Mrs. *; Minnie Moser, his
stepdaughter, and her 'husband.
OAKLAND, June 3. — The will of
the .late Judge Charles N. Fox was
filed for probate to-day. His modest
estate is left to his aged widow and
the unmarried daughter, Ida Frances
Fox. He bequeaths ¦ remembrances
to the other children.. The property
consists of life insurance policies to
the amount of 512,000 and \ realty
which will swell' the total up to $25,
005. ' ._,,..., . '. ' /
Left to Widow and
Daujjhter!
Estate Amounting to About $25,000 Is
FILE THE WIMi OP ....
LATE JUDGE O. N. FOX
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
FRIDAY, JUNE 3.
Ellen Folger (widow) to Folger Estate Com
pany. beginning at most westerly corner lot of
land formerly conveyed to William E. and
Mary C. Palmer, 807 D. 247, thence along
SW boundary of said land on curve to right
radius 35O chord bears SE 34.8O feet, thenc*
leaving said lot line SW 15O.92 to SE line of
proposed, street 60 feet wide, thence along same
en curve to left radius 200 feet chord bear*
NW 70 feet, thence continuing en said proposed
street line NW J>0, etc.. thence NE 144.5R, SE
71.< ; 1. thence on curve to right radius 350 feet
chor-J bears. SE t'U.25 feet to beginning, portion
plat 21 - map Rancho V. and D. Peralta. Oak
land; $10.
Elmer Nelson to Bernard Hanly, "re- record
4SU D. 131. lot on S line of Stanley street. 311
W cf Grove. W CO, S 0tt.tt, E «», N 07.2 lot 3
ami portion lot 2. block 7. McKee Tract in plat
It;. V. and D. Peralta Rancho. Oakland; $5.
Janet E. Mascn (single) to Eva May Le«
(wife of Charles H.). lot on S line of Dwlght
way. W K of Fulton, f: -III by S 135 portion
lets la and 11. block 1454. Berkeley property.
map Nos. 1 and 2. Blake Tract. Berkeley ire
ccrded June 2. 1904); $100.
llosa M. Shattuck (widow) to Anna L. Kel
tenbach (wife of Edward), lot -on NW corner
of Klttredge and Milvia streets, W 110.70 N
44.70. E 114. S 41.8a. lot 1. block 4, Ehattuck
Tra-t, map No. 2. Berkeley; $10O.
W. H. and Bessie M. Cornell to Frank W.
Gibson, lot on E line of Peralta avenue. 33
S of Gatlndo street. S 35 by E 125 lot 35,
Fruitvale Glen. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Elizabeth L. O'Connor (widow) to Theresa
C. Mallon (widow), lot on W line of Grand
street. 50 N of S*»n Jose avenue. N 50 by \V
114 lot 2. block K. map of Oak Park, En
cmal of Alameda. Alameda; $10.
Hkclnc Improvement Company (corporation)
to J. T. Hardln. lot on N line of Encinal ave
nue, 148 W of Lafayette street. W 19 by X
140. lot 15. block 5, Bartlett Tract (deed mad»
to correct description in 950 D. 3tf7) Alameda;
? 10.
, George L. Fry to Emma C. McCo-'gan.- aa
slgnii a!l Interest in all property, real, per
sonal or mixed, of estate of Ann Fry, 0034.
Alameda. administration now pending. Alam*.
da: $150.
. Reese and Florence Clark to Franklin 3.
Wentwerth lot on W line of Che3tnut street.
250:10H N of Ttnth, \V SO. S 23:ST 8 . E 80.
N 25:10^ portion of Adeline Homestead Xo.
1. Oakland: $10.
Eiward Anroux to James P. Taylor, lot 75
fToni NW corner of block 2C3 and running E
alor.g N line of said block. 23x100. lot 11.
block 2(>3, Kellersberger's Map. Oakland; $3.
Minnie and Bernard Hanly to William T.
Harris, lot on E line of Campbell street. Si
H of Central avenue or Twelfth street. 3
2u by E 100, lot 21. block 71.'.. Oakland; $10..
Same to Mine, lot on S l!n- oi Stanley
«r#et. 312 W of Grove. W B0. S fri:*. E v 60.
Ihsnce parallel with Gruve 07:2. to beginning,
lot -; and E >j of lot 2. block 7. McKee Tract,
in plat 48, V. and D. Prralta Rancno, Oak
lar.d; *10- .
Martin R. Kuhn (single) to Charles Sladky.
lot on S Urte of " Moss avenue. 43. «7 W of
Gold street. W 140 by S 115. being E 23 fset
of lot lul^i. all lots 1C2 and 102H. W «7 feet
of N Mi of lot 103 and W «7 feet of lots 104
and 105. amended map subdivisions of Moss
weed Tract. Oakland; J10. •
Ptter A. and Cora I.. McGinn's to Kata
Watts (wtdow), lot on E line ef Pine street.
175 N of Division. N 23 by E 80. block 688.
Buardman's man. Oakland; $5
Gesin* or Gasina Jlarearet Kornarens to
Amos Seaman, lot on S line of Eighth street.
*17:tf" E from W IIm of Outer, £¦.*?<« r.120.
W 33. 3 51. W -45. N 52. E 3O, N 120, black
in2. same mar>. Oakland: 110. '¦*„•.
George W. Calden to Guy Chester Calden.
let on SW line' of. *Tast* Twenty-ninth, street.
210 SE of Xlrtet<»entHJ avenue. ' SH fOQ by SW
110. block 97, map Northern Addition to town
of Brooklyn. Ea« OaKIand: gift.
Pi«alty Syndicate (corporation) to .Charles
Sumner (single). E .CO feet of lot 2. Boulevard
Ten-are. East Oakland: $10.
Christian Anderson (single) to Robert Woth
erspoon. Jot on S line of Grant street. 15* VT
of Union. W 50 by S ICO. lot* 13 and t4. bloek
H. map new town of Lynn. East Oakland; $10.
R. O. and Ida B. Winters to Charles H.
Taylor let on E line of Howard street. 122:«
X of Urooklyn avenue. E ISO by N 40. lot 8C.
map property Capital Homestead Association.
Brooklyn. East Oakland: $10.
Rcsela Orchlscn (Me»smer> and Kllian. Od
.lilia and Philip Meswner (last three all single)
to Annls E. Mesamcr (single), all Interest, be
ing distributive Interest In estate of Killan
Messmer (deceased), lots 1 to 8. block D, map
new town of Lynn. Eastf Oakland; $10.
Rosa Vargas (married) to City of Oakland,
re-record 017 D. &SO, easement and right of
way for public sewer along property aa fol
lows: Lot on S line of East Twenty-fifth street.
27":tt E of Nineteenth avenue. S 14O by W 3.
being E 3 feet of lot 11. blcck 81. Northern
Addition tc town of Brooklyn. East Oak
land;;. $1. .' -
CharUa G. and May C. Hooker (w1fe> to
Pusan E. Van Pelt (wife cf A. C). lot on N
line of Lenter avenue. WK.45 W of Newton. E
45, N 204.5. W 40 3. S 2C5. portion tot 2. block
E. Peralta Heights, East Oakland: $10.
Jessie and Frances P. Durham to J. Q. An
derson, lot on SW line of East Twenty-eighth
street. 23O SE of Nineteenth avenue. SE 0O
by SW 140. block A7. man Northern Addition
to Brooklyn. East Oakland: $10. . >,-
Eliza H. Scotchler (widow) to C. A. Rcseler,
2 ncrea. beginning at Intersection of West San
Pablo avenue with >» line- of plot 3S. Rancho*
V and D , Peralta. containing 16S)~0.6H aerea,
thence SE 208. «O. W 430, N SOS. 60. E 430 to
beginning. Emeryville. ¦ Oakland Township;
»10O.
John S.' Hemenway. executor of estate of
Hannah E. 3. Hemenway. to K. M. Lov*
(widow) all interest In lot on E line <v-* Oxford
(Plne)«treet. 14O S of Vine. N 40 by E t4O.
portion of lots 3 to «. block 7. T. M. Anttsell's
map Villa lx>ts In Berkeley. Berkeley: tlMO. •
Edward B. and Lottie E. Norton to. John
and Lillian Meston (wife), lot on -NW corner
of Princ* and Grore streets. N 10O. W 40.67. S
1M.WE-40.M, lot 1. block 7. map subdivision
of block 7. Central Park Tract, Berkeley: $10.
L. C and Miriam Morehouse (wife) to Marts
Knsuer (widow), lots 3 to 5 and 10 to 12.
block A. lets 1 to X 5. 8 and 12. block C. lot
]. block D, Stone Tract, a subdivision of lota
1* f> 5. Stone subdivision, Brooklyn Township:
grant.
Charles Tye Recovers.
OAKLAND. June 3.— After a we**
of rest. Charles Tye. the . Hgrhtvreijrht
boxer, appeared before Judge Offdao
to-day and the charge of insanity
against him was formally .dlsm'ssed.
He h«id quieted down since hi» ap
pearance a week ago and seemlnarly
was rational.
ALAMEDA. June 3.— Principal ' 8. Bruce
Wricht of. the Srbonl • Department, was given
v showr ;ia»-fv «t th» horn* »,if Mr, and Mrs.
C. A. Brown Wednesday evening. Among those
who participated in the happy affair were Mrs.
Frtrtii*-. Mrr. Brown. Mrs. ' O'Tlrlen. Miss
rriirlpn. Mira Ftisble and '.Frank O'Brien.
Mr. Wrlrht is to take 'unto himself a bride
In %*¦* Anreles next ;we»k. -- / ¦
Loura Bride Powers- will deliver an nddr<>«ts
r.n •'Califfrnii. Landmark*'.' before the final
union meeting of the AdelphJan Club Saturday
afternoon Thir» will alco be a m'jMcal-pro
rrsmrrx' hi which the participant* will be Mrs. 1
Paul >Fri«dhoffer. Ml" Elepa Roeckcl. Dr.
H-'mphr**-* "»nd MI«-- Ma'Jd <^f>*»n. ¦
Mr. and Mrs. C. Cleaves cf Tniebody. Napa
BERKELEY. June 3.— Society was largely
repr»«cnt*d Wednesday evening at the wedding
e>t Miss Slarjcrle -Erwin and Lieutenant Gibson
Taylor. Thirteenth Infantry C. S. A. The
Firrt Unitarian Church, in which the Interest
ing ¦ ceremony was performed, was crowded
with cayly drf-ssM friends of the young peo
ple. Miss Erwin wore a gown of soft white
crepe de chine, with trimmings of lace and
pearls. Miss Lucille Webster, the maid of
h«rior. wore a cream eilk iTiutle drers, and the
four bridesmaids. Miss Bright Wallace, Miss
Alleo Downing. Mi«s Alma Mitchell and Mis*
Edna Beatrice Wild, were gowned in pale blue
rhlffon. The <*eremony was performed hy the
n<-v. T\ L. Hosmer. pastor of the • church.
After the ceremony en informal reception was
l-.eld nt the home of the bride's parents, Mr
and Mrs. Jamen W. Erwin. on Benvenue ave
nue. The young people then departed for a
honeymoon trip. They wilt, reside at Alca
trnz v^nn their return until Lieutenant Tay
lor's regiment goes to Manila next spring.
A party cf ten. including Mr. and Mrs.
GJttrfrt Curtirs. Mr. and Mr*. M..- J. IXLy
feance. the Misses I.Eyr.ann: and Miss Edwina
Crouch of Sacramento, will start for the Yo
eem'.te next week. They expect to be in the
valley for a couple of weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. Gurtav Gutsch of 2035 Clinton
•x'enue. Alameda. left yesterday for St. Louis.
Mr. Gutsch to be gone about four weeks and
Mrs. Outscb. after seeing th« World's Fair,
to visit relatives in New York.
Mips Florence Nightingale Ewain. daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Alf Swain, formerly of
Esst Oakland, and Alfred Norman Dowaon
cf Bradford, Yorkshire. England, were quietly
married yesterday at high noon In the Church of
the Advent, East Oakland, Rev. William Car
eon Ehaw officiating. The church was simply
but effectively decorated, white and plnkr and
green being the prevailing colors. The bride
was beautifully gowned in white pblnt d'esprlt
over white silk with garniture of Brazilian
lace. ¦ Her only ornament waa a pearl brooch
the gift of the groom. She carried a shower
bouquet of rale pink sweet peas. The maid
of honor. Miss Isabel Klncald,- a lifelong
friend of the bride, was gowned In pale blue
r-taroine, 1S30 style, and appllqued with blue
broadcloth oak leaves. She carried a shower
bouquet of white sweetpcas.- .After the beau
tiful Episcopal marriage service had been read
the party adjourned to the residence of Mr.
end Mrs J. E. King, where a sumptuous wedH
i'.ng breakfast was partaken*-of. Mr, and Mrs.
Dowscn departed for Del Monte, But will sail
«n June 4 for British Columbia, where ! the
rrt>om has a charming home awaiting his
bride. ~ ¦ ' >
The marriage of Miss Forgie and Fred Hors
¦»i:i will be a large affair,' in 'Berkeley, next
m-eek. A great many invitations have been
Issued for the church, but the reception at
the house will Include only intimate friends
to the number of one hundred.
•fpring Song" (Oscar Weil), Mrs. Ed Hen
derson; "Awake. Dear Maid" fDessauer), Miss
Etta Elben; "Forget Me Not" (Suppe). Miss
Bertha Schwartz; "Das Eternlein" (Kucken),
Miss Margaret Held; "Thou'rt Like a Flower"
(Unt). Miss Marion Wolff; "A Dream" <Bart
lett). Mrs. L. A. Mesmer.
This month will end the club season and the
closing concert will probably be a ¦ large in
vitational aCalr.
The monthly informal concert of the Hughes
Club tock place at Orpheus Hall this after
noon and was a pleasing success. The pro
gramme waa as follows:
A smalt five hundred club which has en-
Joyed mary Jolly meetings throughout the
winter Hayed the last game of the season
yesterday at tte home of one of Us members.
Miss llda Ciirdtf. Mi** Alice Nelson was
the lucky Diize winner, her opponents being
MiBi Florence Hatch, Miss Helen Nelson, Mr».
William JJacDonald. Mr*. Georre Humphrey,
Miss Florence Taylor, Miss Julia Summer*
and the hoettas.
• - • •
The '•cherry fete" at Mrs. Boden's at Hay
wards to-morrow afternoon promises to attract
a rood crowd of Osklanders. as many axe
planning to take the long, pleasant ride out to
the j.ri-tty little suburban town. The fete ts
fur the b'.aefU of the Trinity Episcopal Mission
building fund and a large number oT society
»cmer. are iMeretted in Its success, notably
Mr*. Will Me**, Mrs. William Angus, Mrs. E.
G. Ryker. Mrs. R. B. Parson*. Mrs. Herbert
Worthiran. Mrs. LJon-ellyn and Mrs. Webb.
A email admission fee to the Boden beau
tiful .grounds will be charged and thoae that
wish to do so may tlwjn#elve» gather -cherries
from the trets. although baskets of the lus
cious fruit will be for sale. Tea. icecream
and lemonade will also be provided. The Ma
sonic Home band will furnish music for the
occasion and a specialty performance will be
riven by artists from the new Haywards Nov
el ty Theater.
In connection with this last -mentioned
feature of the garden party many people on
this side of the bay will be Interested in- the
fact that Mr. and Mrs. Robertson will con
tribute a number. Mrs. Robertson vu for
merly Miss Dicka Cool, daughter of Dr. L.U
Ella Cool Walker, and Is a clever musician.
6he. with her talented husband, will assist
to-morrow night in the opening of the little
Novelty Theater in Haywards. which will be
managed by Herbert Clark, the blind boy. for
whom a benefit was given in Oakland a short
time ago. Mr. Clark's many friends and sym
pathizers here will be glad to learn that the
specialist with whom be is treating has prom
ised to partly restore bis eight within a few
Weeks.
It is through the kindness of Mr. Clark that
several members of his company will take
part In the cherry fete to-morrow afternoon.
. OAKLAND. June S. — Tt>e Webster-street
mansion of th« E. II. V»n«ii wai the scene
of one of tb* Drettlest affairs of the season
to-<5ay, when a largr reception vai tendered
by Mrs. Vance and her daughter to Mm. Wil
liam Palmer and Mrs. J. C. McLeod. two
prep<«essin£ youns brides, and to Mrs. A. N.
McMullen. who is on the eve of an extended
vl#it to Scotland.
Mrs. Vance and Miss Vanoe were assisted In
receiving by Mm. l>avid James. Miss Eva
Yorker Miss Edtth Hlbbard, Miss Hattie Hug-
Kins, Hlfs Gertrude Mansfield, Miss Alice
Podg*. Mrs. Howell Lownsberry &b<I Mr «-
Robert Hill.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Just when Mrs. Hearst had been im
posed upon and how. Miss Sherlock re
fused to say. Mrs. Hearst does not in
tend to take back the property she has
already given to her benefactions.
"Mrs. Hearst did not withdraw her
benefactions on account of financial
losses," Miss Sherlock said to-day,
"but because she discovered that she
had been imposed upon. She therefore
decided to cut off all her contributions
at one time."
Miss Margaret Sherlock, resident
¦worker at the social settlement, gives
as authoritative statement as to the
reason for Mrs. Hearst's sudden de
termination to cease her gifts.
Berkeley Offlce San Francisco Call.
2HS Center Street, June X
Certain people have been imposing
on the generosity of Mrs. Phoebe A.
Hearst, and that is why she nas with
drawn some of her benefactions at the
University of California. This" is the
first light thrown on the interesting
Question.
The grip was not Selby's. The police
believe Ferro's explanation. He has
been in the Southern Pacific Company's
employ for twenty-seven years and
bears an tellent reputation.
David F.Selby,!. of the llrm of Selby
Bros., candy manufacturers of Oak
land' and San Francisco, who lest
a grip containing $1600 Tuesday after
noon while on the way to'. San Fran
cisco, swore out a; search warrant upon
which the residences of. Joseph Ferro.
370 A street, and John Lee, 333 Louisa
street, were - searched -last night by
detectives, who found a bag in Ferro'a
house, -that contained J130O 50. Ferro
ahd^Lee are porters on the ferry boat
Piedmont. Selby claims he was in
formed that they had been seen to pick
up; a grip on th& boat the afternoon
Selby lost his 'coin.
' Proceedings in Judge Samuels' court
were continued thts morning for a week
after some testimony had been taken.
' Ferro declares that the money found
by the police has been in his possession
for a year; that it belongs to three
minor children of a John Williams, de
ceased, of. whom Ferro is guardian and
that the money was paid as back pen
sion to Williams. Ferro insists that
he has ample evidence to prove that
the coin ' has been in his hands for
months. With the money were found
documents showing that Ferro did re
ceive a sum equal to that in the grip
from the United States Government.
J. H. Shepard, a pension attorney,
corroborates Ferro's story and says he
knows the money was from the United
States Government as he prosecuted
Williams' claim. Shepard declares that
Ferro was afraid to putlthe money in
a bank.
Qfflce. San Francisco Call.
?\ ¦. i-s-1 .' ¦'¦,. 1016. Broadway, June 3.
If the main suit shall go to trial on
Us merits the special counsel will re
ceiVe $2500 additional each to fight it
through the United States Circuit
Court. Mayor Omey and City Attor
ney McElroy will also take part in the
legal battle, without compensation.
The City Council, all present, in con
ference this evening with the Mayor,
City Attorney, Davis and Fitzgerald,
unanimously reached tnis decision.
Mayor Olney said:
"Each Of the Ccruncilmen will file an
affidavit that the rates were fixed after
a thorough investigation and that
every doubt concerning valuation was
resolved in "favor of the' water com
pany. It is the purpose of the repre
sentatives of the city to make a hard
fight in the Injunction proceedings."
The City Council at its next meeting
will formally ratify its action of'to
night.
Attorneys Robert M. Fitzgerald and
William R. 'Davis were selected to
night as special counsel for the city In
the water rates suit brought by the
Contra Costa "Water Company In the
United States Circuit Court. Their
compensation was fixed at $2500. each
for serviees'ln the matter of the pre
liminary injunction, whlcn has been
appiled • for by ; the water company to
prevents the .enforcement of the new.
rates. .. _ .. . ,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 3.
Members of Board Agree to
Make. Oath That Company
'Was Given Fair Treatment
FBIEND DEFENDS HER
Turns Over to Institutions
All of the Property She
Originally Gave to Them
David F.Selby Thinks He
V Is on the Trail of Bag
; of Specie That He Lost
MONEY TAKEN TO COUKT
WILL FILE AFFIDAVITS
Oakland City Council Se
lects Special Attorneys to
Make Its Legal Battle
Beal Reason for Benefac
tress' Withdrawal De
velops vin an Interview
Detectives Take a Gripful
v of Coin From the .Kesi
dence of a Steamer Porter
PEOPLE IMPOSE
ON MRS. HEARST
PLAN TO FIGHT
CONTRA COSTA
SEARCH BRINGS
GOLD TO LIGHT
THE ;SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, ; SATURDAY,: JUNE 4, 190 £.
Victims Identify Him
as the Man That
>fe; Beat Them:
POLICE ARREST YOUTH ON SUSPICION
THAT HE IS THE ASSAILANT OF WOMEN
Milton Blake Held to
Answer ifpr Brutal
Crimes.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF AL AMED A
6
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAXD. -
1016 Broadway.
: Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2 US Center Street.
Telephone North" 77.
ALAJJEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4392.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
Ara You Intarested in the Condition of Tour
' TEETH"?
Do you want them to look well and
work well? Tq be free from pain? To
be out of your mouth .If they have
passed beyond usefulness? To be filled
with a permanent composition if de-
cayed? Do you want to have the neces-
sary
DENTrtl- VUORK
Done at moderate cost? If yon do,
come to .
Post-Graduate Dental College,
3 TATX.OIJ ST.. SAX rSAXTCXSOO.
973 Washiafrton St., Oakland.
Can Job*. - • • Sacncatato*San, Moon and Tide.
Cnlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
TJroe and Helgfat of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to Sao Francisco
Hay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — Tne—ttga and Iow_waters occur 'at !
tb* city front (Mlcsloa- street wharf) about 23*
Steamer. * For. Sails.
Roanoke..... Nome A St. Michael,.. Juno 4
Victoria...... Nome June 4
City Seattle.. Skagway tt Way Ports. Juno 8
Farallon Skairwsiy * Way Ports. June ,8 :
J. Dollar Valdes-4: St ward ...... June 8
Humboldt... 4 Skagway * Way Ports. June 10
Bertha • Vajdez tc Way Ports'.. June It)
Tamplco Nome A St. Michael... June 12
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. June 12
Valencia Nome June 14
Santa Ana... ' Cooks Inlet * Way Pts. | June Is
FROM SEATTLE,
Notice to Mariners.
POINT DUMB. CALIFORNIA,
Notice Is hereby givea that Point Dume
whistling buoy, painted red and marked "Pt.
Dume" la black, heretofore moored about %
mile S. by E. %, E. from Point Dume. sracoast
of California, has gone adrift. At last ac
counts the buoy was between that point and
Port Los Angeles. It will be replaced as soon
as practicable.
By crder of the Lirhthcus* Board.
' .„ W. P. DAT.
Commander. L. S. V. Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Breakwater Alongside Wharf.
The Spreckels steamer Breakwater, which
has been remodeled to fit her for service In
the coast trade, docked yesterday at Pacific
street wharf aad win be ready June 8 for
her first trip to Coos Bay.
Lniira Mason Sails Again.
The schooner Laura Madson. which sailed
Thursday for St. Lawrence Island aad re
tvrced to port on account of her deck lashings
carrying away, yesterday resumed 'her voyage.
Cargo of Nitrate.
The British bark Auldgirth, Captain Mc-
CcnselL which arrived Thursday night, sixty
days from Caleta Buena. brought 24,861 bags
of nitrate.
LOOP HEAD — Passed Juna 2— Br ship Monk
barns, • from Limerick, for New York. .
• COLON— Arrived May 31— Stmr Allianca.
from New York. ¦ ¦ .„ . ¦
Sailed June 1 — Stmr Seguranca, for Kew
York. _
DUNGENESS — Passed June 1 — Ft bark
Ca**ani. from Rotterdam, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Sailed May 28 — Stmr Shaw
mut. for Tacoma.
rtRIXHAM— Arrived May 31 (to land pilot) —
Ital ship S. .Celeste, from Antwerp, for Ore
gon. * '
OYSTER HARBOR— Sailed June 2— Nor stmr
Tltanla, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. N. S. W.— Arrived June 1—
Br rtmr Htathcral?. -from Manila.
SYJ>NEY — Arrived Jane 2 — Br stmr Heath
bank from Manila.
ADELAIDE — Arrived prior June 3 — Br ship
Beachbank. from Port Blakeley.
HAMBURG — Sailed May 16— Fr bark Le
Pllier, for San Francisco. \
.. , .. ' OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW" TORK — Arrived- June 3 — Stnu Cala
bria from Naples; stmr Prinzess Alice, from
Bremen; stmr Mongolian, from Glasgow, via
Sailed* Jane 3 — Stmr Deutschland, for. New
port.'News.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed June 3 — Stmr Cym
ric * from Liverpool, for Boston.
GENOA— Arrived Jan* 3— Stmr Koenlg Al
bert.-from New York, .\\a Gibraltar and Na-
P OLASGOW— Salted June 3— Stmr Anchorla.
°NAf LES— Arrived May 30— Stmr Ugurla.
from New Tork. '
ROTTERDAM — Arrived June 2— Stmr Ryn
dam,-from New York..
LONCON— Arrived Jane 3— Stmr Anglln,
r pLTM0UTH— Arrived June 3— Stmr Bluech
er. from New York, for Cherbourg and Ham*
burg, and proceeded.
PALERMO— Sailed May 30— Stmr Neapoli
tan ' far New York.
MOVILLE — Sailed June 3 — Stmr Anchorta,
froni -Glasgow, for New York; stmr Bavarian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal. .•
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June 3— Stmr Georgia,
for ."New York.
• SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed June 3 — Stmr Ham
burg,'from Hamburg, for New York, via Cher
bourg- ...
Tto Turn Over the Alton.
The capsized derelict remains of the ex
plosion-shattered oil steamer Alton have been
towed alongside the shear legs at the Rlsdon
Iron Works and to-day a diver will be sent
down to adjust the tackle which will be ui»d
In turning the wreck right side up. Upon the
conditions revealed when this has been done
will depend the disposition of the remains.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Job*. 4.
Iaqca Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
S. Mcnica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 3
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
City 8ydney N. T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40 i
Eerapls.... Hamburg tt Way.. 12 m Pier 13
i job* s. |
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 0 am Pier 18
S. Rosa.... San Diego * Way. 9 am Pier 11
Jua» 6. . i
North Fork. Humboldt \ 5 pm Pier 20
S. Barbara. Loe Angeles Ports. 6 pm Pier 2
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Columbia... Astoria tc Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corona Humboldt l:3OpPler 9
Jans 7. |
San Pedro. . Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humholdt 9 am Pier 13
C Nelson.. Nome & Teller Pier 20
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Jtxaa 8.
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier II
Centennial. Seattle 4 Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Sequoia.... WUlapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay 9 am Pier 8
Valencia... Nome via Seattle.. 11 am Pier 9
Rainier. . . . Seattle * Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata..... Coos B. tc Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Ton* 9.
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20
State of Cal San Diego It Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomo Pt. Arena tc Albion 6 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier •
Jtue 10. I i "
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPier 9
. June 11. |
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11- am Pier 24
Siberia China tc Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Newport.... N. X. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Jua« 12.
Newborg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
June 13.
G. Dollar..* Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
June 14. j
City Puebla .Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Notice to Passengers.
Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
steamer*, etc.. at low ; rates. One trunk <sla
gle trip) 33 cents; round trip 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery. 308 Taylcr. 630 Market. Oak
lard Ferrv Depot. Phone Exchange 48. *
Honolulu Packets Arrive.
The barkentine Coronado and the bark Olym
pic, loaded with sugar from Hawaiian ports.
arrived yesterday. The Coronado. Captain
Potter, was twenty-three days coming up from
Honolulu. She brought a few passengers and
22,403 bags of sugar. The Olympic, nineteen
days from Kaanapali. brought 38.000 bags of
su;ar.
TO SAIL.
Stag^struck Girls Return.
Among the passengers on the steamship
Columbia, which arrived yesterday from. Port
land, were Louise McBrlde and Annie Bowen,
the "sixteen-year-old San - Francisco girls who
left here with the waiter of a Spokane dive
to "go on the stage" In the Washington city.
The girls were taken Into custody by the Port
land police aad cent back en the Columbia.
Tbey are now in charge of their parents.
Verdict In Klevator Case.
Coroner Leland held an inquest yes
terday upon the body of Charles
Hood, the 15-year-old delivery wagon
driver for Hale Bros., who -was caught
in the freight elevator of the establish
ment and crushed to death on. May 18.
The testimony showed that the boy
had no business on the elevator, but
was skylarking there when the acci
dent happened. The jury returned a
verdict of accidental death and added
the following recommendation: "We
recommend guards on elevator, or
deny passengers."
Alameda WU1 Sail To-Day.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Ala
meda. Captain Dorrdell. will fail at 11 o'clock
this morning for Honolulu. Among the pas
sengsrs will be many prominent residents of
the Island capital. Mrs. and Miss W. C. Pea
cock of Honolulu, who have been paying an
extended visit In the United States, are going
home on the Alameda. Frank L. Hoocs. pro
prietor of the Hawaiian Star, will also be a
passenger. Some school teachers and a num
ber of students, residents of Honolulu, are
going home on the liner for the summer holi
days. The Alameda will carry more than
fifty passengers and a full cargo.'
Steamer. I From. I Due.
: City Peking.. New Tork via Panama.' June 4
Santa Cruz...! San Pedro & Way Pta. June 4
Iaqua j San Pedro June 4
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma, June 4
Alliance J Portland tc Way Ports. 1 June 4
Santa Monica San Pedro 'June 4
Rainier Seattle It Belllngham. .JJune 4
Chas. Nelson . Humboldt I June 4
J. Hiltfir.s. ». Port Los Angeles June 4
Corona Humboldt June 4
San Mateo Tacoma June 4
Mackinaw... Tacoma June 4
Arctic Humboldt June 3
Valencia Puget Sound Ports. June 6
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. June 5
Eureka Humboldt June 5
G. Lindauer. . Grays Harbor June >
Sequoia WUlapa Harbor June S
Argo Eel River Ports ;.. June 6
S. Barbara... Seattle £ Olympia..., June . 6
Ventura Sydney tt Way Ports. IJune -0
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.Uune 8
Centralia Grays Harbor {June 6
Arca'a Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.lJune 6
Chlco Portland & Astoria June 7
Coptic China & Japan June 7
Aurella Portland & Astoria June 7
Elizabeth Coquille River June 7
Pomo Point Arena 3c. Albion. June 7
Pomona Humboldt June 7
G. W. Elder.. Portland 8c. Astoria June 8
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. June 9
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. June 9
Coos Bay.... San Pedro tc Way Pts. June »
City Para. . . . New York via Panama. June 10
Algoa China & Japan June 10
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... June 10
Nebraskan... New Tork |June 12
North Fork.. Humboldt | June 12
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. j June 13
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria [June 13
Associated Charities Affairs.
The council of the Associated
Charities met yesterday, when the
finance committee suggested various
plans for the collection of this year's
income. Each member was asked to
make himself responsible for $100.
Fairfax Wheelan announced that $2400
would be needed in addition to the
society's income to carry out the work
this year. The income had been large
ly lncreasedT but not sufficient to keep
up with the growth of the society.
Miss Kate Atkinson and Mrs. Thomas
Richardson were elected, to till va
cancies in, the council. The society
voted to raise a sum not to exceed $300
as a special fund for needy children
not provided for by other agencies.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
;mlnute« later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. JUNE 4.
Sun rise* 4:4"
Eun seta- 7:2S
Moon rises 11:55. p. m.
wiTlme ' Time (Time ITlme
• '-^— FtJ Ft. Ft. Ft.
» H W « ¦ L W jHW |L W -
4 l(4cn|.4.1| 0:43! 0.6! 3:00 4.7110:42 ill
.6 iM-CSl 3.810:2S 1.! 5:W 4.9 11:10 2.9
« * 5:1«'- 3.3111:18 1.3 6:2* 5.1
'l w :h w l w h w
7 -0:48. 2.4 6:27 3.4 12:10 l.T-7:07 5.1
8 1:32 1.8 7:37 3.6 1:00 2.0 7:43 6.2
9 2:14! 1.2 8:44 3.8 1:42! 2.2 8:16 • 6.4
10 2:56b 0-6, 9:41 4.0| 2:3Qi 2>4 g:50| ' 6.6
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early moizlng tides are given in the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence «s to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but thr»e tide*, as
i sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
1 addition to the soundings of the United States
i Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
I sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean ,
of the lower low waters.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, June 3.*
Stmr Del Norte, Payoo, 32 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr F. A. Kuburn, Jahnsea, 7 hours from
Port Rodrers.
Btmr Columbia, Doran. 71 hoars from Port- !
land, via Astoria 45 hour*.
' Stmr Greenwood, Sicansen, IS hours from <
Mendodjio. . .
Stmr North Fork. Nelson' 23 hoars from Eu- ]
reka.
8tmr San Pedro, Raemuwn. 22 hoar* from
Eureka.
Stmr Mactle. Corala*. 4, hours from Half
moon Bay. i !
Bktn Coronado, Potter, 23 days from Hon
olulu.
Bark Olympic. Evans, 10 days from Kaan
apalL
Schr Ida A, Campbell. S hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr B. W. Bartlett, Nielsen. 11 days from
Port Ludlow.
Schr Phllllpplne, Frederlckson. I days from
Tacoma.
Schr Sacramento, GniKsell, 673 days from
Eluslaw River.
Schr Oakland, Ewart. 5Vi days from Eluslaw
River.
CLTARED.
Friday. June 3.
Stmr Whlttler. Diekaon, Portland; Unloa
Oil Company.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; P C 8 S Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Johnson. San Pedro and
way ports; P C S S Co.
Stmr "Santa Rosa. Alexander.' San Diego and
way ports; P C S S Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, June 2. /
U S stmr' Bear, White, Alaska.
Friday. June- 3.
Stmr F. A. Kllburn, Jahnsen. Rogers Land
ing. ...
Stmr Maggie. Corning 1 . Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Arlzonan. Lyons, Seattle. Honolulu and
New Tork.
Stmr Pomona, Ewansen, . Eureka.
Stmr Whlttler, Dlckaon. Portland, with
bktn Fallerton in tow.
Stmr Bee. Wehman. Eureka.
Etmr Oipey, Leland,' Santa Cruz.
Sunr Henry "Wilson. Johnson. Grays Harbor.
' Stmr Czarina, Johnson, Coos Bay.
Bktn Fullerton, Nlelson, Seattle, In tow stmr
Whlttier.
Schr Laur* Madsen, Cook. St. Lawrence
Island. .
.TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS. June 3, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind Nff; velocity 16 miles per hour.
SPOKEN." - I
May 23 — In lat S6 S, long 62 W. Br ship
Port Elgin, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed June 3 — Stmr Garonne,
for Norn*.
Arrived June 3. 8:40 a m — Stmr City of Se
attle, from Skagway. y .
Sailed June 3, » a m — Stmr Dolphin for
Ekagway; stmr Santa, Barbara, for San Fran
cisco. . ¦¦ ¦ •
TATOOSH— Pas«ed outward June 3 — Stmr
Montara. from Seattle, for San Francisco.
Passed in June 3 — Ship Emily Reed, hence
May 21. for Pert Townsend. Passed out Nor
utmr Tltanla. for San Francisco; bktn T. P.
Emlgh for Melbourne.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed inward June 3
Schr Ida Schnauer. hence May II.
Palled June 3 — Br ship Forteviot. for Aus
tralia. -
1 PORT GAMBLE: — Arrived June 3 — Schr Ca
mano. hence May- 18. .
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived June 8— Stmr
State of California, hence June 2, and called
for San Dl«co. I i* '•nks-'or**
ASTORIA— Arrived June 3 — Stmr George W.
Elder, hence June 1.
Arrived June 3 — Sdfcr David Evana, from
Honolulu: schr Louis, fhence May 21.
Sailed June 3— Schr Zampa. for Sea Pedro
TACOMA — Arrived June 3— Bktn Portland,
from San Pedro.
ANACORTES— Arrived June 3, noon — Schr
J. M. Colman, hence May 21.
EUREKA— Arrived June 2— Stmr Arctic
hence June 1 : schr Ida McKay, hence May 28.
Sailed June 2 — Stmr San ¦ Pedro, for San
Francisco. "
Arrived June 3— Btmr Alliance, from Port
land; bktn Mary Wlnkelman. hence May 18.
Arrived June . 3 — Stmr Pasadena. hence
June 1. - " ¦'¦'•¦.¦¦¦
Sailed June 3— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran-
HO WENS LANDING— Sailed June 3— Stmr
Scotia, for San FrancUco. - % ,
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed . Jun« 3— Tur
Collls. for San Francisco.
JUNEAU — Sailed June^2— Stmr Bertha, for
Seattle. .
• GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 3 — Schr C
8. Holmes, hence May 26; scfcr Excelsior, from
San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived . June 3— Schr
Queen, hence May IS; echr Ida Schnauer, hence
May 17. '
• SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 2 — Schr Wa
wona, from WUlapa Harbor; Btmr Alcazar,
from Point Arena. , . * ;
Sailed Jun« 3— Stmrs Mandalay and Bonita.
for San Francisco; schr W. H. Smith, for
Grays Harbor: atmr South Bay. for San Fran
cisco: stmr Shasta, with schr Defiance In tow,
for Gray* Harbor. •
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Jane.. 3— Ship Luzon,
for Delaware Breakwater.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAK WATEB— Passed m>
Jane 2— Br stmr : Heathglen, from Callao for
Philadelphia.' ¦« . • • ¦ • . • V "
i FOREIGN PORTS. ,
PORQUERALLES— Passed .'Jane . 2— Br stmr
Tydeus. from Vancouver, tor Liverpool.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrceraphlc Office. V. 8. N... Mer
chants* Kxchar.ee. San Francisco. Cal..
June 3. 1904.
The Tim* Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. »., it noon of the 12Cth meridian, or at S
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C BURNETT,
. Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
The marine insurance world is begin
ning to show some anxiety for the
safety of the "British ship Leylan.i
Bros., which is making an exceedingly
long passage from Newcastle, Austra
lia, for Salina Cruz.' Salina Cruz is dif
ficult of access for calling vessels and
the Leyland is not the kind of ship to
make much progress in the light airs
so frequent in the region of her desti
nation. She is a stout, well-formed*
vessel and capable of ' weathering any
kind of storm likely to beset hei path.
She Is loaded, however, with coal, and
the always present danger of spon
taneous " combustion grows with the
length of the voyage.
The Leyland Bros, has been at sea
132 days and yesterday the rate of re
insurance paid on her was advanced to
30 per cent. She is a vessel of 2238 tons
register, was built In 1S86 at Southamp
ton and is well known at this port.
The Conemaugh is now considered a
hopeless risk. She is out ninety-seven
days from Caronel for New Tork.
Conemaugh and Lamorna are quoted
at 10 per cent. The rate on the Laura
remains at 75 per cent and the Crown
of Germany at. 10 per cent. The Juteop
clis. Wynford, Queen Elizabeth La
Rochefoucauld, Largo Law and Willy
Rickmers are still quoted at 7 per cent.
BARKENTIXE CORONADO A.VD THE BARK OLYMPIC. WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY FROM HAWAIIAN PORTS WITH
LARGE CARGOES OF SL'OAR. THE CORONADO CAME FROM HONOLULU IN TWENTY-THREE DAYS. THE OLYMPIC
WAS NINETEEN DAYS COMING UP FROM KAANAPALI.
Business men are complaining be
ca,use • the Southern Pacific Company
exacts payment for State tolls on ship
ments cf gooda, passing over the coast
division cf the company, in which the
trade cf this city Is concerned.
A State toll has long t>een levied by
tb« Harbor Commissioners ct* goods
that cress the wharves or the State in
Ban. Francisco. The purpose is to pro
vide money for the maintenance of the
wharves. There are no State wharves
en the coast division of the Southern
Paci5c Coir.pany and tne freights on
that division, consequently, travel ever
cone of the State property. The mer
chants are inquiring concerning the
destination cf the money collected by
the railroad people for State tolls on
the coast line. In a year it amounts
to a large euci.
After some consideration a commit
tee has been appointed to inquire into
the entire subject. There is no ques
tion that tie charge is uniformly ir.ade
upon the shipments by the coast divi
sion. The f relent bills received by. the
merchants supply evidence on that
poist.
The stirring up of the question cf
State tolls may have consequences of
wide sccpe. The public is interested,
but r.ot more keenly than is the Santa
Fe Railroad Company. The toll that is
collectea on the coast divisicm is five
cents per ton, cr one %xni for each
400 pounds or fraction thereof. This is
the same rate as that collected on the
wharves. If the coast division of the
Southern PaciSc Company did not make
charge for State toll, so Jt Is assumed.
it would have an advantage in moving
freight to the amount of about one
dollar per carload.
Its adi-antage would be to the cor
respoading disadvantage of the Santa
Fe and. in the long run. would result
in giving the coast division a large
freight traszoets. A report may soon
be received from the committee that is
making the investigation into State
tells.
Judge Cook adjudged Detectives
Dinan and Wren guilty of contempt
yesterday and formally laid down rules
to the effect that a prisoner after be
ing discharged- on a writ of habeas
corpus 'must \ not be reaxrested within
the confines of the Hall of Justice, and
that they must not withhold from the
court any information they have
against a prisoner.
"The Judge's, action was due to the
arrest of William B. Kennedy, alias |
Richard Jackson, alias "Yellow," one ¦
of the thugs arrested for the murder!
of Policeman Eugene C. Robinson on i
the morning of January 21, 1902, after !
his discharge on Thursday on a wriy
of habeas corpus. The arresting of
ficers were Detectives Dinan and Wren.
They and Frank H. Norman, clerk to
the Chief of Police, were cited to ap
pear for contempt of court.
When the case was taken up yester
day morning Assistant District Attor
ney Harris filed the answer of the re
spondents, Dinan and Wren, to the ef
fect that the* arrest was made outside
the courtroom; that it was not made
In flagrant violation of any order of
court, but was made after court had
adjourned, for a felony. Clerk Xotman
denied . that he advised the arrest of
Kennedy and was purged of contempt.
The Judge said the courthouse was
the courtroom, and that the passage
way into the courtroom was as much
a part of the courtroom as the court
room itself. In the Kennedy case an
order had been made asking the police
if they had any cause to show why the
prisoner, should not be discharged, and
they had answered in the negative. One
of the respondents was in court and
the other was standing at the door
waiting for the result of the habeas
corpus proceedings before arresting the
defendant. If they had made their in
tention known to the court the prisoner
would have been discharged and could
then have been rearrested. It was
trifling with the court to withhold that
information.
Dinan and.Wren were called and they
testified that they had no Intention of
violating the order of the court. There
was a direct contradiction between
Wren and Attorney Newberg. and
Wren threatens to have Newberg ar
rested for perjury.
The Judge eald that If the police had
cause for holding the prisoner It
should have been made known at the
time of the hearing., The fine would be
merely nominal, but If anything of the
kind happened again It would be con
sidered a flagrant contempt of court.
He would convict the respondents,
Dinan and Wren, of contempt and
would fine them $1 each. A stay of
thirty days was granted, as an appeal
may be taken to the Supreme Court.
Rules Formulated for the
Guidance of , Officers in
Bearresting a Prisoner
BUSINESS BEAKS CHARGE
• I
Eule That Relates to State
. Wharves Used to Yield In- ,
come to Railway Company \
PUKGES CLEEK XOBXAX
ilerchants' Committee Starts
Inquiry Concerning a Cus
tom of Southern Pacific
.Judge Cook Imposes a Nomi
nal Fine of $1 Upon De
tectives Dinan and Wren
She Is Bound From Newcastle, Australia, and Is Now Out 132
Days for Salina Criiz— Damage by_ Storm Is Not Feared, but
Cargo Is Goal, Which Grows Dangerous as Trip Is Prolonged
LEVYING TOLLS
ON COAST LINE
POLICE GUILTY
OF CONTEMPT
MARINE INSURANCE WORLD IS ANXIOUS
ABOUT OVERDUE SHIP LEVLAND BROS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 4, 1901.
7
RAILWAT TRAVEL \^
y^*TJJ^^V Train* 1**vr« a»d »r« dm*
/Q/v^^^y\ ts»arrl»»a* %
fn^^gZ] SAN FRANCISCO.
Fxwrr I>s*or
(Toot #f Marks! StresC)
»"' - MAIN LINE. -A«tv
7-OOa VacsTlli*. Winter*. Roraaer- , 7-63»
7 Ma Ef Bicla, Salsaa. Klrnira aad Sacra-
mento 7.20*
73Da Tallejo. Xapn. CaUstoca. SaaU ,
Kosa. Martinez. Bxm Ramon..... S20s> ;
7-30* Silas. LlTermore, Tracy. Latbro*. - >
SeoeXTon 7.20a
•.COA Shasta, Express— (Via D*t1»>.
WtlUam* (for Bartlett Sprtoz*).
Tftltowa tFrato. Ked BlaX.
Portlaad. Tseosa, geattte...... 7.50>
ICOa Darlt, Woodland. Katzhtt Laadl&g.
MaryiTllle. Orotllle _ 7.S0P
tZOA Tort Costa. Marttaex. Aattecsj,
Byron. Tntcjr. Stockton. JTew-
cu. Los liana*. Mendoto.
Anooaa. Ilaaforl. TIsalla.
ronerrille 4.20s>
t-3CA Ton Costa. Lathrvp. Modesto.'
Merced. Fresno, oosnes Jane-
tloo. Usaford. Visa!!*, Baksrs-
fleli 4J0P
I-IBa 5tles. San Jsss, Llrermore. Stock-
ton.(tMnts>B). loae, 8*eraoj«nto, .. , v >
riaeerrtlls. Marysrllle. Chlco.
Bed BlafT 4.2SP
• ¦3Ca Oskdal«. Chinese, JumUti, So-
aora. Taolumne aod Aajrela 4.20*
9 CTa Atlantic Kzprca*— Of dea tad Bait. 1120a
S-3GA Richmond. Mtrtiaez sad Way +
suaoiu 1-50*
lOOOATbe OTerlaad Limited — Of lisa.
Denter. Otaaho. CUlc»c» .... ••J?*'
IO.COa VaUeJo_ 12.23*
10.00a ho* As *<•!»•• PaMeag-er — Port
Ccta. MarttiH"«. Byroa. Tra«y.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Rajmoad. Freres. <2s«hsa Jose- ,,°
t!on, tlanfortt, Lemoore. Vltai!», •_.
Dakertfle'.d. Los Angeles 7.r5»
I2C0m Hayward. !ft>es aad War SUtismt. 3 33*
tiJlOPgaerajaenloRlTer Ste«fnera_ f 11.00*
5 JOP Benlda, Wlster*. Saeramenta.
TToodlan*. knUhta LmsIbc , : i-
UarriTlIle. OroTUIe and »sy
staUoaa I"-??*
3 JSCp Rarward. Nile* «ad War Statlcsa.. 7 M»
3-30P fort Cotta, Martlasz. B/roa,
Tracy. Lat&rop. M o i 1 1 1 o.
•isrcVd. Bereada. Fresno aad ]
Way SuUons beyond Port Ceiu 12 -2Sp
3-33p Tosemlte Taller, »la Semis's aad Jl
Waweua i*0A
IJe* Martinez. Traey. Btockteo. Loalt... 13 SU a
4C0PM»r;la«i.S»aR«ii.OB.ralIe:o,Xa»a. ~*»
Calfatosa. Saata Rosa. ? i3 A
4.0O Kiisa. Tracr. Stockwa. L«dt 4.2«a»
4 30PDt»y»ard. 5Ues. lr»ls»tos. Baal ta.lOA
Joes. Urermora ) t11.50A
6C0pT6« owl LlmlMd— Newnsx L«* J ..
n«nc«. ,*lr!»<loia. Fretno. TcUra, • '¦"
... B«"i?rt3e:.5.l«sAB«8i<:a. I 00A
• *«f Pert Costa. Tracy. SivCkiea 12-? ap
tf JOa. Harvard. 5 Dos and tan Joss 7JfA
•XOaiBaywam. Kiln and Sun Jasa. I S3a
t<09m Eaatern Kipias* O«dea. DemTsr.
Oraaha. fit. Louis. Cstcajf* as4
East, via Port Cctta. Scliaa.
r!."' Klir.lr*. DaTta, Sacranrratat Cel-
fax. R«n» lltP
¦ .CO* Yallelo. •:»!;/. rzeept dsaday.... I T Ka _
74»a> VaU»J». 6sn4aj only f *•••'
7 -CCp hlchm.iad. Saa Pabl*. Psrt Costa,
Uartmes and Way Utatloas...... 11.29a
7X0p Orcron * Caliaorsra Ks>ress— Iso-
ram-Bto. UirjiTllle. Bsd4!ac
PorU*ad.PaC«tB«aadaaAKast. HO A
185* B«no Paatenfsr— Psrt Coti», Sst-
¦ns. Klsalrs, Da»!*. Sacrament*,
Tmckes, Lai* Tahoe. sad Way
Stations beyond Sacramento.... 7.50a
t.10* Barnard, ytlet aad San Joie (Snsr
J m daysnly) . 11-sOa
COAST LINE (S*rr«w 4las«s).
1 . (Foot of Market Strati)
746a Santa Cruz KxcartionfSaaday sal/) 8-10*
I-16a Newark. Ceaterrllle. Baa • Jess.
Fslton. Boald or Creek. Biz Bails,
Santa Crux and War Station*... t 55*
H-15a AlTarado. »»art, San Jo*?. Lot -, r
Oatoa.G:enwood. Felt0a.Bonlder
Cr*«-«. Bid BA«!n. Crax.... t.1(hs
; tt-lEp Wewark. CsnterTlile.. Ban Jess,
Kew Alnaden. Los 6atoa.Feltoa,
Boa Id « Cr^sk. Santa Crna aad
Principal nay Stations 1045a
4.1(p Newark. Baa Jose, L«s Oacos a»d
wayttaUoas : H.SSa
4-1Sp Wr'.ght. Felton. Pcnlder Creek and
SaotaCraz, Satnrsar and Snsdsr
only ? im . :.....-.j. f.BSA
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Front EAh rUANClU-'O, Fao(«( Market SL (8U9A
¦ -rr.VS »:U) 11:90 Ajt. 100 300 • 15 r.W.
From OAKLAND. Koot <rf-Br»*dwa» — t«:Os jSi9«
1 n-.ia w-.oua.m. iroorco4.Mf.sr.
COAST LINE (KroaJ tisnjisv
JPT~ (l'nird »na Towasend Strtsta.)
6-1 Oa San J<we an<l W«y suaont... ....... SSCm
17. 00a San Joae and War Htatlons '. .:. 5.43*
7.15a Monterey snd Sanu Crui Eicar-
•loa (Snadar onlj) .:.. HJM*
8 bOA Xew Almadea <Tnes, FTM-. «a!r ). 4-1Ip
I 00a The Coaater— Stops saly asjgr Jose.
Gnroy (connection.^ for. Hole's- . i
ter), Pajrtro. CaatroTTilt (eoa- .
nectton to and from. Monterey
and P.v!3c UroTe). FaUaaa. ?aa
Ardo, Paso Roblev Saata. Mar>
fsrita. San La!t Obftpo. *riae!;»I
• tntlooi tni'oce Sort (e«nQ«tHsB -' ¦ '
for Lompoc). principal »uuoai
thnes Sasta, Barhars.9ssj BM nsr
Ttntnr*. M»at«lr«. Oiairtl. Brtr-
bsnk. Los Asceles.....,:i,;.'... 19.43*
• .00a Saa Jose. Ttps i Plio*. C»*IMia,
Saa!*Crat.pA<:laeOr9Tr,EaJ|iaa, .'•'
San Lett Obtspo and PtlMlsal
Waj Station* ...... ;/.... ..V.i.. 4.1fl»
19-3CA Saa Joae and War 8\aU»oi...x->.. 1-M*
113CA Saata Clars, Saa Joss. Los Sate*
aeil !V»f Station* ...»;.. 740*
1 JC* San Joss aas War Stations ..¦.' i... s-38a
tS 80p Del Monte Rxsreas—Stma C1ars,v
Saa Joss, Del Monta. lIssKerey.V ,
FaclfleQroT* <coane«t» at Saata
Clira. except Stiaday. for Santa
Crnz. Bnclder Creek aad Narrow 1
Gaojr* Points) .......V.:... 12-15*
S-30P PaclSe GrsTs Way Pa«teti»-r, 3nr-
linxaaie, Saa Jore and War Sta-
tion*, connects at Gllmr For Rol-
H»ter, Tira rtaos, at Ptjaro for
Capltala. Santa Crai at Castro-
. rUIe for Salinas. ;~. - . . 10-4*4
4 JOp "an Jose and Way Station*......,;' tS 00a
tf OOP SaaU Clara. Sa* Jose. Los Baloa,
Wrixht and prtnclpal n af star
Uuoi (except Sondarj .....:. *9 00a
IGSOp SanJoseandPrtncJpaiwarSUUoa* |9.4o>
6 45f Snstet Espreas.— Uedwood. • Saa
Joae.Gnror.iSaltsas.Pasollables,
-. Saa LuU obUpo. sanw Barbara,
Los Asfelss. bemlBf. Kl Paso.
New OTlmina. New Vori. Cote
>. V. Beets al Psjaro for Santa Cm*
snd at CaptrsrHlo tor Paeiae
OrOTs sad War Stations........ 7111a
'•¦15pBsaMateo.nemforJ.ltelsioaa.Saa
- Carlos. Uedwood. Fair Oats.
Menlo Park. Palo Alts.....;..... ts-48A
8 JOp S>n Jo««r and Way Stttrona.. C>34a
800p Palo Alto and Way Station*. ...... 10-1Sa
U.Z0P Sot«BSs«Fraaet»eo. Umbras. Hnf-
. ¦ . llB;*an-. S«R Mat"«. Bedoont.
Saa Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaks,
ilenlo Park, and faia Alto..;.:. 1 <;»
¦ii-SOP-UarHeld, MoaautaView. Staay-
Tsle. Lawrence. Sanu Clara aad
' »i»Jwe- ...:.- ttU4Ss»
Aforworntoe. P for Afteraooa. ~
I8aadarcxc*pie4. XSsadar Mir. ¦ '
• SaUraay oaly. • M^adir »Bly.
I Stops tt all statldns oa Soa4ar. "'
W'Oalj train* (topping at Valencia Skaoatab*aa4
trf.VBA.n4 1:00 A. u^ tit&Aimi lt:3t>A:ii-a:jn«> w
1:30 r. m. aad 1:00 r. a. - ...
3 visit DR. JORDAN'S antArd
OF fiNATONY^
0 (S 1::1 *«^ nt £ * • )*¦ iAiT&lt J.UL A
\ Cf The Larrait Aaanaaicsi Maicaai la ra« T
' A ijriti Wot'iL Wnkscsn «r *mf caau>ci*<t A
V <lnaa«i« fMUiltirl; r«r*4 ri 7 t»» «M«^ Y
Q jSMl ipeeia;i»t ca tie Couv £41 j4 Jan. vQ
A fl^tf I D3 - JCaDAN-D'SEASES CF HEN A
\ gflF^TOH Coa«ail«M« free »i«l tnictly priTii*. \
0 I I#«f fi Traa.iBer.t penoaally t bf tetter. A A
\ fi W *Yl ¦ ' Hl<ln >¦ ""I QMUUltRtk-l. T
APS 110 W r .t« fcr B-»k. rat LO«O rsiT*f A
{/ I J 11 SJ4nUI*Ct, MtlUS VMS, ( A.T
1 a t» tai«»fcla boo* f«f mm) \
V lift. JUC9AA i"*CO..108lSfart»tst..S. F. V
RATLWAY TRAVEL.
H CALIFORNIA 1
3 LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
F j LEAVES MQ10ATS tad THORSDATJ
m at f>:.°»0 a. m., Xhxmgh. tx 3 d*7». I
gj wtth diner and aU Xx%ypinf- B
Other Santa P« Trains:
i :^** m '\ tor Stockton. y»«soo. Baksrsasld.
Sloop". m".J «»=«<*• Hanford amt TlaaUsw
4:00 p. a. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas city. Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
TXCXXT O77XCTBS — 641 Uazkst St. and
Perry Depot, S. T. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland, CaL 27 Soots, rirst SX.
San Jo s«.
CALIFORNIA NORTH WESTER&RY. CO.
Wl FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAC1FI3
XAXZ.WAT coacPAsrr.
Tlbnroa Perry. Pcot of Market Street.
SAN PSAVCZSCO TO SAH TtATAIM..
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.:
. 12:33. 2:30. 3:40. 3:10. 3:5O. D:3O and 11. Jo
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip a: l:3O p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7 :3O. 8:00. 9:3O. 11:OU a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:4a 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SA2T JEAPAXXi TO SA3T PXA2TCXSCO.
WEEK DATS— «:03. C:5O. 7:33. 7:50. 9:2O.
11:13 a. m.; 12:50. t2:«>. 3:40. 3:00. 3:2l>.
• :23 p. m. Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:43
SX?NT>AYS— 6:3O>7:35. »:20. U:13 a. m.. 1:43,
3:40. 4:3O. S:0O. 3:20. 6:23. 7:3O p. m. TEx-
cect Saturdays.
Leave I la Effect | Arrive
San Fran. [ May 1. l>-4. . San Fran.
Week f Sua- J Destir.a- ! Sao- : Week
Days. | days. I tloa. I days. | Days.
7:3Oa 7:45 a; 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a 8:4Oai 8:4Oa
8:00a »:30a Igsaeio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:3© p 6:C«>p| 6:20 p
&:10p &:10p 6:2Op|7:23p
7:23 p
8:43 pj
7:30a 7:3Oa 7:43 a! 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Norato. 10:2Oa,10:2O a.
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:2Opt 6:20 p
&:10p 2:30p aad 7:25p 7:25p
8:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p\
7:30 a| 7:30 a 10 :20~a, 10:20 a
8:COa|8:COa Fulton. 7:23 p e:2Op
2:30 pj 2:30 p 8:43 p| 7:23 9
Windsor. |
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p CeysenrlUa. 7:23 p 7:23 9
CJgv-riale. |
7:30 a! 7:30 a{ Hopland 110:20 a:iO:2O a
2:30 pj 2:30 p| aad Uktah. | 7:25 pj 7:23 p
I 1 wuuts. 1 1
7:30a| 7:30 at Sherwood. | 7:23 pi 7:23 p
8:00 at 3:00 a! GornevtUe aad 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 Pi 2:30 p! Camp Vacation. | 8:45 pj 6:tOp
~8:0<>al 8:00 a 8:40a 8:40 a
5:10 pj 9:20 a Scnctna. 6:0Op«:2Op
I ft:10p Glen EUen. 8:43 p
7:30a! 7:3Oaf 110.2O ajl0:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:23 p. «:» »
I STAGES connect at Santa. Rosa for Whit*
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burka's Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton . Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdale. for the Geys«srs, Boone-
vllle aad Greenwood; at Hoptand for Dcneaa
Springs Highland Springs. KelseyrlUe, Carts-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerleys. Bueknelt's.
Sanhedrin Heights. HuHvUle. Orr** Hot
Springs. Halfway House. Comptch*. Cam*
! Stevens, Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Csal; at wllllta for Fort Bragg
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Ooreto. Laytoa-
vttle Cummins. Bell's Spring* Harris. <M-
sens. Dyer. GarberrtUe. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs-
doced rates.
On Sundays— Round- trip tickets to an pointe
beyond Saa Rafael at half rats*.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Canals!*
bClldlBg. ';" '
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAJT.
Gen. aUnager. Gen. Pass Agt.
gepiaBaga tosanrafael
I^KHMjO ROSS VALLEY.
F^H^iS MTll VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
7U SanxaUto Ptrry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6:30. 7:10, 7:43. a:3O. 9:15. 10:00. U:0» a. m.
(11:40 a. tn. Sausallto only). 12:20. 1:43. 3:13.
4:00. 4:33. 5:13 3:50. 6:23. 7:15. 9:00. 10:23.
11-35 p. m. Sundays and Wai holidays, depart
at 7:10. 7:43. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:CO. 11:40
a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 2:30. 3:13. 4:09. 4:35.
4:13. 5Ja «:25. 7:13 8:13. 9:00. 10:20. 11:33
p. m.
Arrrre- at Saa Francisco, week days. 6:17,
7:00. 7:33. 8:13. 8:43, 9:33. 10:20. 11:C."» a. m..
12:05. Ir23. 2:50. 8:35. 4»2O. 3:06. 3:40. «:i3.
6:53. 7:63. 10:03. 11:23 p. m. On Sundays ana
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43.
2:05. 8.5O r- m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at T:43 a. m..
3:13 p..m.. 3:15 p. m. <ex. Sat). On Sundays
and legkl holidays, at 7:43. 8:3O. 9:13. 10:CU
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:13
and 8:13 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIKS.
7:«3 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
9:13 a. m.. Sundays or-!y — For Poiat Reyes.
3:13 p. 0.. daily except Sunday— For Caza-
dero. etc. ?
3:15 p. m.. dally except Saturday aad Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays oaly— For Polat Reyes.
etc-
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only— Fcr Casadero. eta.
TICKET OFFICE— «2C Market »t.
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market St. ,
MT. TAMALPAIS RfllLWAV
Leave ;Tia fc B *iUfs r»rrj •* rrlv *
San fiantisco | r«st <t U»trt a. l_3*ZlI?!L r jg^-
D«y^. a.v,. days. t».r»._
:::: 1000 4 &:^*Sr ?st r M i°? k
10:00 a 1 1:00 » ? 3 * r ? ?f '
• :1SS 1:48 r W ¦:»J' »0:08 »
I 4;3ar T>^ BrSOH
•VuCriftti Car, T TiMsiisb U 113 fctsy.
TicxrT i«»Mari*i*c. (North Shore Railroad)
Omen land SAUSAttroi-K*.*. Foot Market dt.
APVEB-TISEyRTiTS.
STATEMENT
or the
CONDITION* AXD AFFAIRS
OF THE
COMMERCIAL UNION
ASSURANCE COMPANY
(Limited)
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day or December. A. D. 1903. and for the
V, 7«ar eadtsjr on tiat dar. as made to th» In-
w #ur«nce Cotwaissltn«r cf the Etate of Callfor.
.-.« oursuact to the provisions cf eetrtloss
«1» and €11 of tb« Pciltlcal Code, condensed
as per blank fcrnlshed by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amcsrt of Ca&ltal Stock paid up
tn Caah
ASSETS.
Heal Ertate <nrz*A by Campamy.. 5888.14* €9
Loess o= Iv-.-. if and Mortgages... 112,000 00
Cnjh Market VaJoe of all Stocks
ar.5 Bends owned by Company 2.Z1S.C93 73
Ca*h la Company's Office 10.49* 74
Cash la Banks 442.027 72
;-•.—•• d-j« aad accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,934 16
InKMwt dae and accrued en Bonds
and Vortg&res 1.C27 SO
Pt»«-Jm=is in doe Course of Col-
lection 568.502 88
. T.'.'.'a Receivable, not Matured,
takes Bar Fire and Marise Risks 6.292 45
Reels due and accrued S.CS4 23
Du* from otier Companies for Re-
.-«:—-.-..- oa losses already p a.-i 6.3S3 79
Total JL*t'.:t M.294.751 91
LIAEILITTES. ~"
Losses i. '..-'¦''¦ and ur.;c. J . J10C.22S 38
Losses tn »--•• s-- of Adjustment
or ia Susrwsise 210.202 44
Losses resisted. Including expenses 30.43S 00
• Cross premiutns on Fire RI«ks
r=na!ng one year cr less. S2.270,-
• 3€7 »4; reinsurance 50 per o«nt. . L133.1S3 87
Gross premiums en Fire Risks
running more than one rear, $2-
H1.180 M: reinsurance pro rata. 1.124.463 56
w Croes premiums on Marine and la- '
W land Na^-lgatlon Risks. $63.-
•j4» 60; relnsurancs- 100 per cent. €3.949 60
Crnas Brerciuir.s on Marine Tta>«
nisks. *37.S10 €1; reinsurance 50
per cent r. 18.008 30
Amount reclalmable by the In-
sured en P*rc*tual Fire PoJI-
cies 105.SS8 14
Due for Commission and Broker-
ags ~ 63.017 14
Bstum Premiams and Reinsuranc*
Fremhims 46.C23 83
TctaJ UabUties $2,910,221 38
INCOME. ~
J.»- cash actually received for
Fire Premiums $2,864,701 C3
yrt caah actually received for
Marine premiums 153,036 78
E*c*lTed for Interest en Bonds
and Hertgagts i 7.697 73
R««lved for Interest and dividends
ca Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources <SS.424 78
Received for Rents 56.979 60
i^tal Income g. ISO. 870 21
. EXPENDITURES. T
Net unocst said for Fire Losses
<•.nclndlng.S31S.9C8 87 losses cf
pr«vtous years) $1,439,673 69
>.>t amount paid for Marine Losses 138,979 47
Paid or aiiowed for Commission
.cr Brokerage 892,498 70
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
oharres for officers, clerks, etc. 144,387 47
Paid ror State. National and.Lo.
k '-al taxes ."... 88.115 C6
All other Dsvments and expendi-
tures ...~...» 194.SS8 16
Tctal Exjstnlltures $2.C5S.£13 05
Fire.
Looses lncumid dnrtsg the year.. $1.662.921 SS
r.l5k« and Premiums.; Fire Risks.J Premiums.
Net amount of Risks) ¦ ? j -
written . darinr thel
yt*r .'. ' $336.037.5C4 i $4.031.730 13
ICef amount of Risks ;
erptred during thfj
year ! 343.806.6S4 3.973.953 40
Kd amount in force!
P December 31. 19O3..J 2»7,I2*.«eSl 4.43I.55S 78
T>l«y-« and Pmsiuais. [Mar. Rlsk».| Premiums.
Net amount of Risks)
srritjen durlrjr the! '
year I $98. 434.640, $233,800 TO
Net amount of Risk*)
exptred during the
>e*r I W.071.M1) 230.413 21
J»eX. amount in fore*, ,
I-rcrufcT ri. 1W3..| <,531..m| 1J-5.TS1 ?6
' A. II. WIU", Alar.agr
Setvcribel «n<l *»rom •». *vf>rj r : «o. Urn
20th day cf Jacuarr. j:»"».
H. R. H\T. N.rta-y Putllc
C F. MULLINS, Pacific Coast Manager,
y 416-418 California SL,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS mnst bear
lac-simile Signature of y^^^^
CureTgfg 1 I I Balsa
Jf%z£$*Ka sick headache. WM 3 \ff U* &?
TORP5D LIVER. fe| H W Sba ITV
/flM \1 FURRED TONGUE.^g -^g _ _ -^
I$M Wm OH H 11 2^ B8
rj/j T_ ' CONSTIPATION JE^j \tffi5j
$ |§ DIZZINESS. 1^, ' A C : ; y g" "~£ ' A
SALLOW SKIN ¦¦^^^¦^^¦¦¦^^¦¦^
¦ ¦ % ' m e= f=% 8l "* 11 9aL '*¦--
Th«y TOUCH th«LI VEaR Small Pric*
Genuine Wrapper Printed on ism
PED PAPER BLACK LETTERS
Look fos t >• •i£m»itu»r^ V*^~**" ~^<^rzrx^T^he.Squazu Man.
Death came to one of the oldest and
most famous of Western Indians in the
railroad yards at Reno, Nevada, last
week. The aborigine, the date of
whose birth is a matter of vague tra
dition., but , who .is known to have
passed the one hundredth, milestone in
This week gen. eyeglasses. 13e-50c 73
4th St., front Key's Cel. Oyster House. •
Townsend's California Glace fruits ta
artistic flre-etched bor^s. 715 Market »t*
* Special informatIOT*supplled- daily to
business houses and IT ublic men by t.. j_
Presy Cllpplnc Burei* iAilens>. 230 Ca**.P
tfornla street. Telex^no Mala 10U. *
A Great Bank.
In London a banking combination
is now in progress that will put the
two largest New York banks far j in
the background. This is the comblna-,
tlon of the biggest of _ the London'
banks and one . that ranks thirteenth
on the list, or the Lloyds Bank, Lim
ited, and the Manchster and Liverpool
District Banking Company, Limited.
The new combined London bank:^will
be the largest banking institution in
the world, and will overshadow even
the big Government banks, like the
Bank ,'of England and 'those of the
French,' German and Russian nations.
New York has produced another venturesome human
freak ; who intends to hazard a journey across the Atlan
tic in a great iron egg. Somebody should remind him
that the world; is. too busy ; to follow the incidents of
such a method of suicide. . The -suggestion of such a
scheme is the warrant' that this man's life is not worth
the energy of a second "thought. .
GAS LIGHTING— Subscriber. San
Jose, Cal. Gas, as an illuminant. was
first used by a Mr. Murdoch of Soho.
near Birmingham, England, in 1792.
His house and offices at Redruth were
so lighted that vear. The first public
exhibition of gas was in 1S02 at the
Soho works of Bolton and Watt, near
Birmingham, in which Murdoch had an
interest. The first Instance of street
lighting with gas was in 1807, when a
Mr.-Winsor lighted up a part of Pall
Mall, London. >
Scventy : five Chinese' coolies, deported from the United
States for reasons various and good, sailed from this port
a 'few days, since.. The event is of more than passing
moment. , It indicates a watchfulness commendable in
the Federal courts and a conservative regard on the
part.of ; attorneys, who evidently know of some'danger
ous check to ' their ' traffic in Mongolian contraband. .
TO-MORROW— R., Fairbanks. Cat.
The authorship of "To-morrow Never
.Comes" is unknown, so says the editor
of English Notes and Queries, who
made an extended search. The quo
tation is:
Some say, "to-morrow never comes,**
A eaytnsr oft thought right:
Bat If to-morrow never came.
No end were of "to-ntght."
Unapprcciative.
A droller spectacle is seldom afforded
in the world of letters than that of An
drew Lang, the English humorist, sit
ting in judgment on George Ade. Hu
morists are proverbially unappreciatlve
of the humor of others, and the humor
of these two writers is of about as op
posite sorts as can be Imagined. More
over, omniscience is rather a hobby
with Mr. Lang, and it evidently piques
him that he cannot understand the lan
guage of George Ade, which is. how
ever, no more esoteric than the Jargon
of Oxford and Cambridge. , Starting
with Mr. /«le's remark that "the Eng
lish tourist was holding his head," Mr.
Lang unfolds his ignorance of the
American language in this wise:
"Beginning with the adventure of the
English tourist,- we learn that 'the
clothes he wore evidently had been cut
from a steamer rug by his mother, or
some other aged relative suffering from
astigmatism.' The nature of a steamer
rug is not obvious, for perhaps 'steam
er* is American for some entity not
known here by"that name. Just as a
commercial traveler is called a"*drum
xr»er. f The clothes of Matthew Arnold
were severely criticized when he lec
tured in America, yet on this side of
."A New Jersey niaid,. having reached the stage of ma
ture discretion involved in eighty years of single bless
edness/has been wooed and won -and is now, enrolled in
the army of matrons. With such^an example as this of
f>ptimism : who now can rail against life and its pros
peels? New Jersey has set the world a merry pace in
its wondrous confidence in things human and transitory.
GRAVELOTTE — Subscriber, Oak
land, CaL At the battle of Gravelotte.
during the Franco-Prussian war.
fought August IS, 1S7O,« the German
army numbered 211,000 men and the
French 140,000. The German loss was
904 officers and 19.658 men. while the
French lost 609 officers and 11.605 men.
The. spectacle of an ex-police officer so far forgetting
the limitations of his role as a civilian as to become a
brow-beating, brawling thug should point a public moral
and "suggest a timely lesson. Our worthy guardians of
the peace should never acquire and nurse habits which
a-fchange of station may make uncomfortable. It is al
ways possible that police officers may become simple
citizens" with simple privileges.
Ansiucrc to Queries.
NUNS OF ST. CLARE— M. W.. City.
The Nuns of St. 'Clare,' a sisterhood
called Minoresses, was founded in Italy
by St. Clare and St. Francis d'Asslsi
about 1212. The order settled in France
in 1260 and in England In 1293.
WYOMING is the last State to take the strug
gling Hearst boom in off the doorstep and
warm and feed it. But this will not suffice to
preserve it through a healthy adolescence to appear' in
adult strength and beautiful proportions in the national
convention.
Recently the election of occasional Hearst delegations
has Tost the air of spontaneity and the tumultuous grace
of enthusiasm and has taken on the humdrum commer
cial feature of delivering something that was contracted
for, but ; has ceased to be of any? use to. the receiver.
While we mourn not as those without hope, we claim
the right to molt a few feathers over, the . hectic • con-'
dition of . the boom .of .the .California candidate. But a
few short months ago he bestrode the. narrow continent
like a colossus and members of Congress were touring
the deserts as his "commissioners" in Pullmans that he
stocked from sheets to toothpicks, and all the world
seemed wishing to enlist under his banner aud personally
conduct him to the White House. Now he has no trains
nor commissioners on the road, an{T is not even furnish
ing transportation to the delegates who go to St." Louis
to whisper his name in the dull ear of Fame when* the
roll is called. ' « • . ' . :
The dark blue word "collapse"! is^tattooed all over his
candidacy and- men arc wondering why. He was so
thoroughly convinced of his own. fitness and told, the
country, so with a 'confidence that had. all the beauty of
.childhood that we cannot understand this change. The
only' life- seen and the only pulse felt in his J campaign
was the encounter between his supporters, Mr." Tarpey
and ex-Governor Budd, in, the Palace Grill, in which
fists were doubled and language was used unfit in the
presence of the innocent lamb chops: which were part of
the lunch at which the affair occurred. The ex»Governor
made unpleasant references to the Hearst sack, and
Tarpey to the .ex-Governor's credit' being so ill that he
could not borrow a thousand 'dollars! and then a flood
of words followed that made the tabasco feel! as weak
as milk. . * -
; All this is desperately and dreadfully ¦ unpleasant.
Where .now is that high and heroic movement which
filled the ;. country with the. name of William Randolph
Hearst? Where' are the resolutions, the audiences, that
were taken off their - feet, the enthusiasm that made
A STRUGGLING BOOM.
Rebellion.
To wake at morn
And hear the matin song
Of the sea breeze in the palms;
To watch at daton
The rising sunbeams kiss
The mist-crowned, towering peaks
And glide down to the plains—
Ah, that is Life!
Not this —
To wake at morn
And hear the swelling roar
Of man, beast and machine,
Toiling in a murky air
And a city's sweat!
At noon to dream
Where Nature's bowers are hid
Beneath an arch
Of twined and intersticlng vines
While on the air
Quivers the chanting of the sighing
woods
And the songs of mating birds —
Ah. that is Life!
At noon to pause
And lay aside the pen for one brief hour.
Then to return as I did yesterday.
Will do to-morrow and on all to-mor
rows,
"Oh, fool — machine — and slave! '
Again at dusk
To watch the sun's last ray •
% Fade from the sky;
To feel earth's grand transition
From day to night —
That moment, when the world
Pauses and knows tiself !
The Angelus chimes ¦
And echoes 'round the earth
In changing strain and measure —
Here the Muezzin's call.
There a child's lullaby
And now a poor serfs prayer — '
The whole — earth's evensong;
To hear that is to live!
Not this —
To hear the thunderous roar
Of thousands, pale and' tired, dead in
soul,
Crushing with merciless haste toward
home.
Home?
Past ere the sweet of honie has touched
the sense!
To toil that we may sleep.
That better we may toil;
To toil that we may eat.
.That better we may toll
: ¦ The roundelay of Life
Ay. that Is Life, but still
But still we dream!
—Stephen Chalmers, in the New York
An Omaha boy, 'balloon-mad, has created some town
excitement by persisting in jeopardizing his neck even
in the face of a court's injunction., The young man is
right. Tribunals are powerless to give men the faculty
of common sense and extraordinary cases of idiocy
should be allowed to run their course as rapidly as
possible as long; as normally constituted people are not
subjected to danger or harm; • '
Wile ox to Gibbon.
This is what truly happened at a
public library in Virginia:
"Good maw'n, ma'am. You all got
Ella Wheelah Wilcox's 'Poems of
Pleasuah?'"
"Why. no, we haven't. Uncle John."
said the librarian apologetically. "We
haven't a copy of that in the library.
What else would you like?"
"Thank'ee, ma'am. You all got
Ella Wheelah Wllcox's 'Poems of
Passion' ?"
"No, we haven't that, either. Uncle
John."
"W-w-w-ell, then, give me "Gib
bon's Rome'l"
As Walter Page and Nathaniel Sha
ler point out. there is no need of fear
ing that "our neighbor" will not ulti
mately reach the best — or the next
thing to It. — The Reader's Magazine.
Physical culture has a great charm for
Mr. White, who goes in for it rather
strongly. In November, 1S99, he was
the winner of the Sandow medal for
physical culture. It was when first in
Paris two years ago that M. Rodin
complimented Mr. White upon his
beautiful figure and eventually .asked
him to be his model, with the result
that almost at once Mr. White gave up
a good des.1 of his time to posing in
Rodin's studio. Off and on for two
years Mr. White has been posing and
*<o pleased is M. Rodin at the way the
young American has "stuck" to this
somewhat tedious business that the
sculptor desires to give him a bronze
cast of the figure he is now making,
and which is to be exhibited at the St.
Louis Exposition. Since first posing
for M. Rodin Mr. White, who is much
interested in art, has made a tour of
the world, starting from Paris. In
Japan, especially, his beautiful figure
attracted tremendous attention.
Although acknowledging that posing
is tiring work, Mr. White finds much
pleasure in being in M. Rodin's studio,
¦where he rays the master himself
•works very hard. He models first In
clay, altering frequently, both by add
ing and taking axray. Mr. White also
is much impressed with Rodin's child
like manner.
Rodin being at the moment out of
France while placing his works in dif
ferent exhibitions. Mr. White is taking
this opportunity to leave Paris for a
short tour in Spain- He Intends visit
ing Madrid. Toledo. Cordova and Se
ville. Before long, however, both the
sculptor and his amateur model expect
t» be back in Paris again and working
in the atelier. »
India and Tibet.
In an article in the June number of
the North American Review, Sir Wal
ter Lawrence, who until lately was
private secretary to the Viceroy of In
dia, explains the object of "The British
Mission to Tibet." British India may
be likened, as Lord Curzon has likened
it, to a fortress, with the sea as a moat
on two sides, and mountains for walls
on the third: beyond the walls is a
glacis, of varying breadth and di
mensions. The British do not
want to occupy this glacis, but
they cannot afford to see . it oc
cupied by a foe. They are quite con
tent that it should remain In the hands
of allies and friends, but, if unfriendly
influences creep up- and lodge under
their walls, they ,are compelled to in
tervene, because danger would thereby
grow up and menace their^ security.
This is the secret of the British atti
tude toward Tibet, where of late Rus-
Eia has been attempting to make her
influence paramount. Sir Walter Law
rence argues that inaction might hav«
injuriously affected British relations
with other peoples:
"The contumacy," and wanton neglect
of treaty obligations, which we have
experienced at the hands of the evasive
and intangible Government of Lhasa
for the last fifteen years, have not con
duced to enhance our prestige on the
northeast frontiers' of India. It was
possible that the contemptuous treat
ment of the Viceroy's letters returned
from I/iasa unopened might, if unno
ticed, have been followed by further In
sult, and in the East the spirit of contu
macy is catching. British relations with
Nepal are of the most satisfactory
nature, and it is of first importance
that they should continue so. For Ne
pal, strategically, is the very keystone
of the Indian frontier, and is one of
our most important recruiting grounds,
for it is from Nepal that we obtain our
brave little Gurkhas, who with the
Sikhs form the backbone of our Indian
army. And it Is ,not improbable that,
if we had gone on meekly acquiescing
In- the ridiculous : attitude of Tibet,
Nepal might have had doubts as to our
real power, anc the . thought might
have arisen that the policy adopted by
Tibet might -equally well be followed in
Nepal. Ideas spread with fatal rapid
ity in India, and all roads lead to
Lhasa. A few years more of forbear
ance, and Bhutan and Burma might be
taking a leaf^ out 1 of the book, of the
Dalai Lama."
FAMIEL .«. WHITE. WHOSE WON
iJERFl'L PHYSIQUE SERVES
RODIN. THE SCULPTOR.
jab, the* bartender made' a quick for
ward lunge and the mah who didn't
feel pain let out a sharp, shrill cry
and started for the door, without wait
ing to withdraw the pin. ~ .
"Darn you," he shouted back as the
door swung behind him.
The money was turned over to the
saloon-man and he invited the crowd
to drink at his expense. But the man
with the toothache did not wait for
the treat.
"I wad on to the game," explained
the drink dispenser. The leg he jab
bed is cork, so I gave him the pin in
the good one. The fellow with the
toothache is his pal.» He starts the
talk about pain and the other one does
the trick. They . don't come in to
gether, so you wouldn't suspect there
was any collusion. They have been
working this racket for a long time.
They beat a friend of mine out of $5
in Sacramento and he put me on to
them, thinking they would come to
this city."
THE MAN WHO DIDN'T FEEL.
PAIN LET OUT A SHARP. CRY.
The Channel Tunnel.
The English channel tunnel proj
ect may be revived as one of the re
sults of the Anglo-French agreement.
At any rate, M. Cambon, the French
Embassador, has recently Indulged in
some hopeful utterances on the sub
ject and M. Duche, President of the
French Chamber of Commerce, re
cently declared to a representative of
the London Express that the comple
tion of a tunnel from Dover to Calais
should be one of the results of the
"entente cordiale." It may be forgot
ten that the tunnel has been begun,
about 100 yards on each side having
been constructed, when operations
were stopped by changes which unex
pectedly occurred in the English pol
,icy some time ago. M. Carnbon said:
"The question remains of as great ac
tual interest as ever, and the advan
tages to the trade of both countries
which would result from the realiza
tion of the project are, very, clear, in
deed." M. Deloncle, president of ths
Parliamentary group interested in for
eign trade, is quoted as saying: "No
progress, however important it might
be, would be of so much value to the
two countries as the establishment of
a tunnel between Calais and Dover."
The Express adds that it is nearly
fifty years since the tunnel project
was first placed upon a practical ba
sis of experiment,' but since then the
original estimate has been reduced
from 550,000.000 to $20,000,000.
A Perfect Model.
Sp*ci«l OorresjxHidence of The Ca.ll.
PARIS. May 22. — Here is the latest
photograph of Samuel S. White, a
young American athlete, whose al
jfiost perfect physical development re
cently led Rodin, the world famous
French scupltor, to ask permission
to reproduce his frame in marble.
Naturally the request did not have to
J>e maiie a second lime. Mr. White
kails from Philadelphia and came to
Paris about tv.o years ago for the pur
pose of studying chemistry- Previous
ly he had been at Princeton University
and later a student at Trinity Hall,
Cambridge University, in England.
the Journey of life, was struck down
by a locomotive and killed. No weird
Indian rites marked his funeral ser
\'ice and not a single redskin looked
upon his still face. He Kad been known
in life as the "Squaw Man," an ap
pellation of cowardice, and he died aa
he lived, an outcast to all tribes,
branded and unpardoned.
In the early sixties Mayor Ormsby.
located at Carson, learned that the In
dians were murdering the whites in
the vicinity of Pyramid Lake. With
a little band of men he started for
Wads worth and a day later met the
savage foe and engaged them in battle,
with the result that Ormsby ana nearly
all of his frontiersmen fell on the field.
"When the battle began the Indian,
whom death claimed last week, ran
from the shower of lead. For this of
fense he was deprived of his own name
and dubbed "Squaw Man." He was
attired in squaw's clothing and his
family taken from him. His tribe os
tracized him, all the Indians avoided
him and the stigma -was never re
moved. A few years ago he doffed the
feminine garments, but his sin was
never pardoned and he never returned
from the exile to which his cowardice
had condemned him.
TO-MORROW The Sunday Call's Summer Fiction
Number, will appear. It will be important for the.
long list of notable writers who have .contributed
some of their best stories to its pages.
.Norman Duncan, a writer .new to The Sunday Call,
has written "The Strength of Men,"; exclusively for this
edition. It will be surprising even . to those who read
his "Fruits of Toil" in the Sunday Call a week or two
ago, for powerful, weird, awe-inspiring as that latter tale
was, it had none of the sweep of the elements, the terror
of the unknown, the fine stoicism in the face of inexorable
fate or the depth of human hatred or the height of human
love that is shown in this new work. It is a/story to
show men what .real men; are, while to those of the
gentler sex, who hold strong opinions as to which love
deepest and best— men or women— it will be a revelation.
Those who have, been reading Frank H. Spearman's
new series of railroad stories now running in The Sun
day. Call have doubtless. noticed that while each story is
complete in itself, the series- as a whole, make up a
connected history of the building and the reorganization
rnd reconstruction of a great Western railroad* with.all
the- difficulties that have to be contended with in a- virgin
country of precipitous mountains and blizzard swept
plains, while in the web and woof of each story are the
secrets and the science of railroading of which even the
experienced traveler learns little.
The story of "Soda Water Sal" makes a sky-scraping
locomotive almost ' a living, breathing creature of brain
and sinews, while there is something pathetic in "the
seemingly artless pitting of father against son in one of
those midnight adventures which, only the railroad man
— and the train dispatcher — may live through once, but
never again.
But from the essentially modern, intensely exciting
railroad stories of Spearman to the sawdust ring and the
flying trapeze of Alec Bruce's tales- may be considered a
far cry, yet is there the spirit of practical up-to-date
enterprise and managerial sharpness shown in "The Price
of a Threat" by, the -latter author, which makes this
tragic talc with a delightful ending less an overwrought
fiction than a simple record of fact. - The four-cornered
struggle between the giant and the beautiful little, eques
trienne on the one hand and the pathetic clown and the
little circus imp on the other is truly unique and start
ling even in circus stories. It raises a lump in the reader's*
throat only to cause, him to gulp it down with a side
s.'itting laugh over the very last line.
However, it is not possible, to outline every story in
The Sunday CalKs Summer Fiction Number to-morrow
even in brief. A few of the titles and the authors' names
Will be sufficient to show its wide scope and the'attrac
tive diversity of every page, though specially clever is
Jerome K. Jerome's witty and caustic article on "The
American Girl's Etiquette," while "The Crimson Vis
icned Cow,'" by Edwin J. WcDSter, is weird and amusing
to a ludicrous decree.
"Bending the Twig" is a new and particularly apt
"fable for the foolish," which is of the order of witticism
that is broadly quoted; while exceptionally dainty and.
finished are the "half-hour storiettes" — "Shadows," by
Hartly Willard; "A .Will and a Way," by Martha Mc-
Culloch Williams; "Doctor Thornton's Failure," by Otho
B. Senga; "Over the Sea," by Kate Cleary; "His Train
ing,'' by Harry Preston; "Cherries," by John Bridges;
"By the Hand of Providence," by Keith Gordon" etc, etc.
Still there are many other articles of quite a different
sort for those to whom fiction, even by world-famous
authors, does not appeal. For instance, there is "Across
the Pacific on an Oceanic Liner," bv Bert Levy, who is
noted as Australia's foremost artist, particularly -for his
Jewish pictures. He has illustrated his own article with
'.some of his clever pen work. Then there is "The Oddest
Plouse in California,", by Albert Dezendorf; "Dangers
of the Hero Behind the Bat." by Frank Morehousc; "The
-War-Time Girl," by Augusta Prescott; "The Fashionable
Summer Hats for Men," by Tom Dillon; "The Training
, of Children,*' by William J. Shearer; "The Equestrian
Girl and Her Hair," by Madge Moore;John McLaren,
the superintendent of Golden Gate Park, who goes to
JEuropeifor new ideas for beautifying our great pleasure
SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
Tit€ suicide of the Mayor of Baltimore may^be viewed as
an astounding incident of American public life. It is
seldom indeed^ that any citizen of tfie United; States is
elevated' to the high dignity involved in the mayoralty
of one of our great municipalities without having .within
himself a reserve force sufficient to meet any exigency or
misfortune. Our public men are almost invariably made
of sterner stuff than suicides. '
A Cork Game.
A neatly dressed stranger drifted
into a downtown saloon a few even
ings ago and invited all liands to join
him at the mahogany. The invitation
was accepted and while the drinks
were' being served one of the strang
er's guests suddenly clapped his hand
to his Jaw and exclaimed: "There
goes that gosh danged tooth again."
"Toothache?" inquired the new
comer sympathetically, as he placed
a gold piece on the bar.
"Bet it does," replied the sufferer.
"Never had a toothache." remarked
the stranger, "but I don't' think it
would bother me much. Don't seem
to know what pain is."
His auditors looked incredulous. To
prove his assertion the stranger jab
bed himself in the right leg with a
scarf pin.
"Guess you didn't drive it in very
hard," said the bartender. %
"I've got $5 that says you can't hurt
me." boasted the man of no feeling.
"If it wasn't against the rules to
bet while on duty." replied the cock
tail mixer, "I'd take you up and make
you jump skyhlgh."
"Too bad that you are losing such
a chance to make easy money," sar
castically replied the stranger.
"I'll take that bet," replied the mix
ologist with a show of anger.
One of the .party was selected
stakeholder and the saloon man came
from behind, the bar. Taking the
scarf pin from the stranger, who had
extended his right leg to receive the
the water they seemed in no way re
markable. Perhaps all our clothes are
fashioned out or what Mr. Ade calls
steamer rugs, even our 'Tuxedos' and
•Prince Alberts," whatever these vest
ments may be. But we, too, have our
peculiarities; we usually wear evening
dress at public dinners, and we do not
march down Piccadilly in • round felt
hats and frock coats. In the course of
this humorous narrative a native tells
a girl who waits at table that 'the
blending under the left ear is poor, and
if you are not careful some one; will
sign you as a spotted What is
'the blending* and why are spotted girls
signed? They may know in Chicago.
Presently a boy enters and says: 'Feed
me everything with one in the light to
ccme along. If any of the cockroaches
ask for me, tell them I'm for all night
with the yellow rattlers; and laid out
at Winona.' Here the reader,~"if a na
tive of Chicago, may hold his sides, but
it was at this point that 'the English
tourist was holding his head.' We need
not pity him; why did he go to Chi
cago/ Que diable allait-il faire dans
cette galere? The next word of un
known connotation Is 'joBher.' The term
hae been applied to myself in a comic
contemporary, and I have wondered
v.hat it meant, i In Mr. Ade's book it is
applied* to an 'advance agent.' Can I
be an 'advance agent'; the Theophile
Gautier is said to have been a Chris
tian without knowing it? The only way
to interpret 'josher' is to compare the
various contexts In which it occurs.
Perhaps it is only a synonym for 'hu
man being.' The final jest is the state
ment of the josher that the girl who
waited at table was his sister. Possibly
she was: quite as possibly there were
no ties of consanguinity between the
young woman and the josher.
" 'The Englishman was deeply per
plexed.' Out of Chicago who is not?
And in Chicago perhaps the learned
are puzzled by 'Wee Macgregor,' a book
apparently couched in the Pictish lan
guage. Among other philological puz
zles we note 'is the graft played out?'
'a rangy person,' 'a cinch,' 'a one-night
stand,' 'a rube 'town,' 'a jay town,'- 'a
four-flush drummer,' 'a rooter from the
days of underhand pitching.' Pitching
is the term for bowling at baseball (if
it is bowling, a matter for the umpire's
decision), but is a 'rooter' equivalent
to a daisy cropper? The following
phrase appears to refer to the terms
of some manly pastime: 'She could get
away with any topic that was batted
up to her, and then slam it over to sec
ond in time to head off the runner.'
There seems to be a combination here
of cricket and Rugby football, but 'the
Englishman is deeply perplexed.' "Don't
renlg' may be excellent advice, but
clamors for a translator. We may re
nig without knowing .that it Is wrong.
'Clarence , stood in with the toughest
push in town; he learned to shoot craps
and. rush the can.' The last phrase may
mean to i>ush about the bottle, but to
say what kind of bird or beast the crap
is, and what kind of education the
crapshooter needs, demands, an educa
tion more extensive and .peculiar, if
not more liberal, than that of the pres
ent Josher. . 'Guff,' I think from the
context, is equivalent to what we call
•pulpit oratory.' 'The lookout' certainly
means the pulpit."
O.UR north country is increasing in importance.
Already it has caused two great international
arbitrations, one over our claim .that Bering was
a ciosed sea, and the other over the boundary between
us and the British possessions. • We lost on the water
and won on the land, but both arbitrations served to
advertise Alaska -and give the world more .knowledge
about its resources. The fisheries and* fur catch have
long been of great value,- and now it is believed that
Alaska is destined to be the world's greatest gold pro
ducer. The output last year was over $2O,ooo,ooV and
this year it may be nearly double. Under the tundra
lie untold treasures in placer and quartz mines a*nd that
region will be for a long time to come the most attrac
tive to the gold hunter. . v .
' The recent discovery of copper deposits is scarcely
Jess in interest than the gold. From what has been ex
posed in these copper ledges it is believed that the Ter
ritory has more copper than Montana,. Michigan and
Arizona combined. Hand in hand with the progress of
gold and copper finds goes the discovery of coal. Its
quality is better than any of our known bituminous coals.
The latitude is that of Scotland and the quality of the
coal is nearly the same. Cannel coal abounds and the
better class of lignites.
: As the material resources of the become
known, the usual manifestations of human nature appear
among the people. We have had the scramble and scan
dals of Dawson and Nome, 'the judicial juggling with
property, and justice in Alaska has frequently dropped
her blindfold and shamelessly sided with the most liberal
and influential litigant. Where gold is, men lose, too
often, their sense of mine and thine, and have a mutual
disrespect for property rights which, under other cir
cumstances they would regard as sacred. But with it
all, where the American miner goes he founds first a camp
and tnen a city. r The latter may be frail in its buildings
and shabby in its outward aspect, but it gains in the
prosperity of those who make it their headquarters, and
by the time its wooden saloons and dance 'houses are
ready to act as a torch and burn themselves and the rest
of the town, the trails and transportation lines by land
and sea are converged upon the location and refuse to
change, and the town rises from its ashes, a city of brick
and stone and steel. Very soon we will have railroads
to Dawson and to Nome, and away to Bering Straits,
and from a railway terminus to Point Barrow will be a
short trip by water.
President Roosevelt is alive to all this remarkable
development and concludes that the time has come to
put an end to the official scandals of the Territory. These
have been numerous and somewhat picturesque, but in
kind they are just such as are woven into the early,
history and a part of the early romance of all our West
ern mining States. These have survived them and so
will Alaska, and in a few years property will be as safe
there as in New England, and so will the person be,
except for the mosquitoes. The Territory is more^ di
rectly under executive control than our other Territories
were. Its boundary is settled and all the great issues
.that.thp white land generated have been settled, and now
the President has determined to place the foundations
of order there and make it unsafe for any public official
to trifle with his duty. Where the railroad and. tele
graph go law and order must follow,- and an officer's
honesty must not evaporate in proportion to his distance
from Washington. ' /
When the President finishes his shake-up the juggling
with justice will be a thing of the past and the men who
wish to put their enterprise into developing the vast
resources of the country will move rapidly forward as
secure in their rights as they could be anywhere else in
the world. The President's energetic action cannot be
overestimated as affecting the future of Alaska. The
conditions he will extirpate Arould hold the Territory back
indefinitely and -what advance might be made would
be that depending on the strong hand rather than on
the protection of properly administered government.
THE ALASKA SHAKE-UP.
Hearst meetings like a siphon of Shasta water? All gone,
and the last echo of the. music and the shouting is heard
in the Palace Grill, and that unfit to print! •
THE. -:s^^jMgiSGa^Mlife
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . ; . . ,. .>;,; Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, -Manager
Publication Office .' . . J.... .. . . . . . . ..... ... . ~. . . . . . . ..... . . Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SATURDAY . .> . . . . . . ..... ... ..... ...../. . . . . ..:.../.,. .77. . ;. JUNE 4. i°°4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; JUNE 4, 1904.
General Miles may have the nomination* of the Pro
hibition party for the Presidency for the mere formality
of the asking. The old soldier has had too many sub
stantial honors thrust upon him not to have an almost
instinctive ability"; to dodge an empty one even if it were
thrown at him -
MEN IN MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8The Supreme Court, decided yester
day that Frank Metzger, convicted of
robbery In Los Angeles and' sentenced
to life Imprisonment, was not entitled
to a new trial. The defendant was
shown to have had a particularly bad
Must Spend Life in Prison. *
Bubpenas were yesterday served on
Mayor Schmitz and all the members
of the Board of Supervisors to appear
in the United States Circuit Court on
Monday, July 4, in answer to the suit
brought by the Spring Valley Water
Company against the city to determine
the validity of the existing water rate
ordinance. . .
City Officials Subpenaed-
An interesting affair was the recital
given by the pupils of Miss Agnes
Marie Noonan in elocution and
dramatic art at Steinway Hall last
evening. The opening number, Dun
bar's "Angelina," In Dixie dialect, was
daintily given by ten young ladies in
white, with large yellow chrysanthe
mums and white picture hats.
The harmonic poise movements by
several lltle girls in fluffy white, with
tambourines, showed fine training and
¦was the very poetry of motion.
"Wynken, Blynken and Nod," Eugene
Field'8 lullaby, was Illustrated by
twenty little tots in nightgowns, carry
ing candles, and indulging in some
very artistic yawning. This was beau
tifully accompanied in song by S.
Homer Henley.
The grandmothers, given ; by little
tota In the costume of 1832, hoopskirts
and poke bonnets, made the audience
laugh merrily. Quite artistic and
pleasing were the maids of Japan,
with their graceful costumes and
pretty fan motions. The living dolls,
an original conception by Miss
Noonan, vu especially taking. Talent
ed little Ruth Smith, as the Parisian
doll, and her clever brother, Ormonde,
aa the clown, introduced by Lewis
Ford, as the showman, evinced real
talent. ' „
The single numbers, some of which
were dialect and dramatic recitations,
were especially well rendered. The
closing number, "The Star-Spangled
Banner," in pantomime by young la
dles in white Grecian costumes, was
beautiful, the effect being heightened
by the singing of the solo by S. Homer
Henley, ably accompanied by Mrs.
Edward Tlllson on the piano. •
Pupils of Miss Noonan Render Elab
orate and Interesting Programme
at Steimvay Hall.
The following Interesting pro
gramme was very well rendered by
the graduates and pupils of the Do
minican Sisters:
Overture, orchestra: "The Old Oaken Buck
et": >f lection, orchestra: "Baby Slumber
Song": "Nursery Days": Irish airs, orchestra;
"Oriental maids"; st-lectlon, orchestra. Part
II— "Bnow Balls"; .selection, orchestra; "All
Hall th« Flag," Percy Elliott, Frank Elliotti
Raymond Morris, Benjamin • Jackson, Hay
nic-nd Vaughn; "Fairy Bella," Franz Abt;
chorus; selection, orchestra; I "The Pilgrim's
Hope": ecce Crucem. Graduating honors con
ferred on Annie- O'Connor. Monica Keegan,
Mabel Kllday. The piano accompaniments
were played by Miss Agnes Malony.
The commencement exercises of the
Sacred Heart School were held In
Lyric Hall last evening. The address
of the evening was rendered by his
Grace Archbishop Montgomery, who,
among other very happy remarks,
dwelt particularly on the necessity of
parochial schools "being the foun
tains which supply the, academy, and
college." No parish is fully equipped,
he said, if it lacks schools wherein
every girl and boy' may be accommo
dated. In handing the graduates
their diplomas his Grace the Arch
bishop congratulated them on the ad
vantage of having been bo well trained
by the great educators and self-sacri
flcing Sisters of the Dominican Or
der. Among the clergy present be
sides his Grace the Archbishop were
Rev. Phillip Byrne, the acting pastor
of Sacred Heart Church; Rev. Thomaa
Comerford, Rev. Robert Sesnon, Rev.
P. Butler of St Ignatius College, Rev.
P. Ryan of Holy Cross Church and
Rev. Brothers Xenophon, Leo, Greg
ory and Peter of the Sacred Heart
College and Brother Bernard of the
faculty of St Mary's College, Oak
land. There were also present many
Sisters from the Dominican Colleg.j,
San Rafael, and St. Rose's Academy,
Scott street
Archbishop Montgomery Delivers In
teresting Address at Graduation
Exercises of Sacred Heart.
HliOMMEH SUES FOR PROPERTY.—
Ado'.ph E Broninjpr yesterday filed a. suit
er»!r.st the Arcuriean Milling Company and
the Union Feed Comf-any to recover 3X50 sacks
cf barley and .'•' " bales of hay he claims the
d^feniams wrongfully converted to their
< . r. use.
EVTERTAIX3IENT GIVEN"
BY CLEVER CHILDREN
COMMENTS OX THE VALUE
OF PAROCHIAL, SCHOOLS
The average yield of wheat in Russia
is less than half that of the United
States. ' ,
$100 Rupture Cure for $10 by Hunter, 1209
Market st. Send for circular. ¦
Ladies are cordially invited to visit the
new gas range and heating department
of San Francisco Gas and Electric Co.,
415 Post St.. now open for inspection. •
WITHDRAWS FROM CONTEST.— Richard
Davtcs has withdrawn from the contest of the
will of his father. Llewellyn Davids, the lum
berman, and has been joined with his brothers,
.vho are defending the will.
District Attorney and was challenged
upon that ground. The court disal
lowed the challenge, but the Juror was
afterward excused on a peremptory
challenge. H. BJorn. a dealer in paints,
who believes that some people should
be Imprisoned for debt, wts also ex
cused from Jury duty. A contest was
raised over the acceptance of Alex
ander Dreyfus on the ground that his
name did not appear on the assess
ment roll of 1903. On the other side it
was contended that Dreyfus had paid
taxes for the current year, but as the
assessment roll has not yet been made
out the letter of the law was followed
and he was deemed ineligible.
• The Jurors accepted yesterday were
John G. Hasshapen, 2200 Grove street;
Henry C. Muus, Powell and Clay
streets, and John Blake, 131 Page
etreet. v
The examination of jurors will be
continued to-day, and it is expected
that the box will be filled and the tak
ing of testimony will begin Monday
morning.
The questioning of talesmen by the
attorneys for the defense was more
rigid than ever, and in one case was
drawn out so long that the court ad
monished the attorneys to waste no
time in frivolous questioning. The ex
amination proceeded slowly neverthe
less, and at the time of adjournment
the defense had exhausted eight of its
ten peremptory challenges and the
prosecution one of its five.
Almost the entire morning session
was occupied in the examination of
Frederick G. Norman of 1024 Guerrero
street. Norman admitted that he was
a friend and political partisan of the
A long session in Judge Lawlor's
court yesterday, in the course of which
many prospective Jurors were exam
ined, resulted in the acceptance of but
three more men to try the case against
Jacob Eppinger. This leaves four places
to be filled in the Jury box. Six Jurors
were accepted Thursday, but one of
them, John Greely, was excused yes
terday morning because of physical dis
ability.
JACOB EPPINGER. THE DETHRONED GRAIIC KIXG, WHOSE TRIAL, ON AN
INDICTMENT CHARGING HIM WITH OBTAINING MONEY BY FALEE PRE
TENSES IS NOW PROGRESSING IN SUPERIOR JUDGE LAWI/3R'S .'COURT.
Relative to the petition of the Pre
cita Valley Improvement Club that
the objectionable swamp on Twenty
pixth and Army sjtreets, between Ala
bama street, andean' Bruno road, be
filled in. City Engineer Woodward yes
terday reported to the Board of
Works that the improvement could
not be prosecuted under public con
tract because it would cost much
more than half the assessed valuation
of surrounding property liable for. the
assessment for the work. It would be
necessary to grade Bryant, York. Har
rison and Army streets, which run
through the swamp, at a cost of $19,
350. :
City Engineer Reports Cost Would ex
ceed More Than Half Assessed
Valuation of Property.
PRECTTA VALLEY SWAMP
CANNOT BE ERADICATED
When doctora dlsauree, drink Gilt Edge whis
key and let- them fight It out. Wlchfnan. Lut
«en & Co.. 320 Clay »t.. 8. F. •
The committee directed Superin
tendent Schmitz of the Almshouse and
Warden Elbert of the City Hospital
to make requisitions on the board in
tuture for r.on-contract goods in ac
cordance with a new rule.
The committee postponed action for
two weeks on the complaint of the
Grand Jury that the fumes from the
Sanitary Reduction Works are dan
gerous to health and that the company
ehould be forced to install a smoke
consumer within twenty-four hours.
A. Sbarboro, president of the com
pany, stated that the company is now
engaged in the work of constructing
a plant for the consumption of the
pmoke and the committee thought two
¦weeks would be a reasonable time for
the installation.
The committee took under advise
ment the petition of the Richmond
District Club to have the city ceme
tery placed under the Jurisdiction of
the Park Commission. There are no
funds with which to improve the
cemetery.
The Supervisors' Health Committee
reported yesterday in favor of an or
dinance prohibiting the beating of car-
I^ets on public streets except between
12 o'clock midnight and 8 a. m.
The committee also reported in fa
vor of an ordinance prohibiting the
Fa!e for human food any calf unless
it is in good condition and four weeks
of age.
Supervisors* Health Committee Also
Favors Ordinance Regulating the
Sale of Calves.
FORBIDS BEATING OF
CARPETS ON" STREETS
The Board of Health officials yes
terday completed the drafting of the
new rules and regulations for the con
duct of dairies and the board will
adopt them at a special meeting to
day. The board plans to enforce a
rigid observance with the sanitary re
quirements and in the event that the
rules are disobeyed by dairy owners
will revoke their permits to sell milk.
Dr. Ward, president of the board,
proposes to have milk depots thor
oughly'inspected to see that they com
ply With drainage laws and are prop
erly conducted in other respects.
Dairy inspectors filed reports show
ing that twelve samples from spring
water used in the dairies of J. Kear
ney, D. Mitchell. J. Regli, A. Bursottl.
J. Lapachet, B. Kessler, T. Hurley, J.
Mueller, Good Bros., H. Cassin and
Johnson & Brun show sewerage eon
tamlnation. As the water is drunk by
the cows and used to wash the cans
the owners will be required to remedy
the existing evils.
Health Board Will Enforce Rigid Ob
servance of New Sanitary Reg
ulations for Dairies.
PLAN TO REVOKE LICENSES
FOR THE SALE OF MILK
Notwithstanding reports to the con
trary, the Phelan syndicate, in which
the Magee Brothers are interested,
which recently purchased the Oelrichs
properties in this city for $2,600,000, has
not purchased the Vanderbilt proper
ties. Denial is made that it is nego
tiating for them.
The agents have urged Mrs. Vander
bilt to have the improvements on her
land insured against fire. This ad
vice has been accepted and the insur
ance will represent several hundred
thousand dollars in value. Though the
instructions are for separate c-fferings
of the properties, it is reported that
several investors are in tne field who
wish to take the San Francisco hold
ings of Mrs. Vanderbilt as a whole.
Substantial offers have been made, so
it is reported, by men of large means.
Pending saies. Thcrmas Magee & Sons
•will collect all the Vanderbilt rents,
¦uill make leases and attend to all the
details of Mrs. Vanderbilfs business.
The firm has never collected any rents
and has confined its operations strictly
to a commission business, buying and
felling properties only, except in this
particular instance, the rents of their
own properties being collected by
i-thers.
Another move of interest has been
made by Mrs. William K. Vanderbilt
Jr. All her real estate and other in
terests In California are to be soKl.
A vast estate will be placed upon the
market as soon as the preliminaries
are perfected. To carry out her wtsh*is
she has instructed Thomas McGee A
Funs to sell all. They, as agents, have
an exclusive written contract on the
entire list of properties. This is con
firmed by Thomas McGee & Sons. The
properties, under special Instructions,
will be trffered separately. The only
delay will be caused by waiting for
detailed information and Dooks of ac
counts from Mrs. VanderDilt.
The Board of Education yesterday
abolished the vertical system of hand
writing now used In the Public School
Department and adopted the system
known as the "Curtiss semi-vertical
freehand writing." The new ' system
was adopted subject to certain condi
tions imposed on the American Book
Company to make any changes in the
script of the various copybooks of the
new system as may be recommended by
Professor P. A. Espina,. teacher of pen
manship in the School Department.'
The company must take up from the
dealers every copy of the existing ver
tical system and give them a copy of
the new system in ' exchange. The
award will terminate upon the adop
tion of a system of penmanship by the
State textbook committee, as the board
concedes the absolute right possessed
by the State school authorities in the
matter. The new system is adopted for
a period of four years from June 3,
1004, and the company must give a bond
at $5000 for the faithful performance of
its agreement The resolution ordering
the change recites that the existing
vertical system is "awkward, unnatural
and inconsltsent."
The board requested the Board of
Public Works to enter into a contract
with Frank McSheehy for additions to
a building in th'e rear* of the Lowell
High School for use as a laboratory on
his bid of $2240.
' The same board was requested to en
ter Into a contract for additions to the
Dudley Stone School with Frank Mc-
Sheehy on his bid of $12,492. The im
provements will be paid out of the cur
rent school appropriation.
The board elected Elmer Rowell a
teacher in the School Department, and
aelgned him to the 'Lowell High School
for duty.
Miss Ellen Bartlett was appointed a
special teacher' in the cookery depart
ment, vice Mrs. Grace Morey, resigned.
Miss Margaret Haussler of the Haight
School was granted a leave of absence
for one month.
The teachers are prepared to act
under the charter provision requiring
the Board of Supervisors to submit
charter amendments upon the petition
of 15 per cent of the electors who
voted at the last general election.
They believe they will experience no
difficulty in securing the required
number of signatures to the petition,
which must number 9000. This course
will be pursued only in the event that
the Board of Supervisors refuses to
pass art ordinance submitting the pro
posed amendment to a vote.
The teachers are Interested in the
proposition because ?lt may result in
a slight Increase "in th«tr salaries.
Again, with sufficient funds the
board could make an allowance so as
to increase the pensions of annuitant
teachers, now reduced to $25 a month.
Then, too, the board would be enabled
to replace wooden school buildings
with modern structures. One of its
first 'acts .under the change would
probably be to erect a Commercial
School building.
Ten hundred and twenty teachers
in the Public School Department are
preparing: to support the Board of
Education In Its announced intention
to petition for the submission to the
voters of a charter amendment provid
ing for the levying of a special munici
pal tax of 10 cents on each $100 of
assessed valuation for the maintenance
of the public schools.
Already the Board of Education
has received assurances, both verbal
and written, from a number of teach
ers'favorlng the proposed change and
pledging assistance In the consumma
tion of the plan.
Signs Contract With Agents
and Soon Vast Estate Will
Be Placed Upon the Market
Salaries and Annuities May
Be Increased as the Ke
sult of Proposed Change
Orders Contracts for Ad
ditions to Lowell and
Dudley Stone Buildings
WILL EEAP BENEFIT
MAKES DEFIXTE PLAN
TWO TEACHEES ELECTED
21rs. Yanderbilt Decides to
Part TOtli Her Kealty and
Other Properties in State
Board of Education Abol
ishes Vertical System for
a More Modified Method
Teachers Prepare to Secure
Signatures to a Petition
for. Charter Amendment
Talesmen Are Subjected to a Rigid Cross- Examination by
Defendant's Attorneys, but Jury Box Will Doubtless Be
. Filled To-Day and Taking of Testimony Begin Monday
WILL SELL OUT
ALL INTERESTS
ADOPTS A NEW
WRITING PLAN
TUTORS FAVOR
SPECIAL LEVY
SELECTION OF EPPPINGER
JURY GOES FORWARD SLOWLY
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SATURDAY,, JUNE 4, 1904.
9
GRAPE-ITOTS.
A
j
t
j
If you are * thinker your brain wears
away in proportion as you use It and !
this waste must be rebuilt by food '
(there's no other way) else the brain !
trows rtull and Is a poor instrument. !
In Grape-Nuts food all the elements '
required for this brain building are
found in the most liberal proportions,
the parts of grains that supply the
Phosphate of Potash and Albumen be-
ing: especially selected In making.
1
Grope-
food and trial 10 days win show any
brain-weary or nervous wreck a great
Improvement.
There's a'reason, as trial proves.
Get the little book, "The Road to
.Wellville," la each pk«. - -
COLUMBIA KS
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND FOR
ANOTHER WEEK
Charles Frohman Presents
In J. M. Barrie's Comedy.
THE LITTLE MINISTER.
ggg- e.hTsothern
TIV0Li»
LAST TWO NIGHTS— TOY MAT. TO-DAY
THE ¦ • • •—
EVER- u r
POPULAR TOY
DAINTY * w *
COMIC n - A ./ »— t~%
I opera. I MAKER
Eplendid Cast. Scenery and Costumes.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
First Production In This City of
The Military Comic 0P«a Triumph,
SERGEANT KITTY
San Francisco Debut of
LILLIAN SEFTON. Prlma Donna Soprano.
US U A L T* VOLI PRICES— 25c. 50c. 73c.
Unprecedented Attractions!
Gaiton and Stone; Power* Brother*;
' Burke, La Rue and ts« Inky Boy«; Or-
> phtnia Motion Picture* ana iffarcal's
LIVING ART STUDIES.
Last timts Of FERRAR. COLE and COM-
PANY: COLBY FAMILY: AL LAWRENCE
! and BELLE GORDON.
I Regular Matlne* Every Wednesday. Thurs-
! day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 23c
and -0c. ¦
CALIFORNIA
fS LAST TniE TO-NIGHT. EJ^
Paul Leicester Ford's Charming Com-^^
edy of the Revolution. U
JANICE MEREDITH 1
As Presented by H
The Incomparables— The Greatest Stock ft
Company in Existence, y
The Oliver Moroso Company |
MATINEE TO-DAY. f4
y, TO-MORROW— First Time Here. S
d THE CAVALIEB, • P]
n A Stirring Story of the South In War t
M Time. *•
¦ Reappearance of AMELIA GARDNER. B
LAST NIGHT. MATINEE TO-DAY.
MELBOURNE
MacDOWELL
'"CISMONDA
Begino* TO-MQRROW MATINEE
Last Week of MR. MacDOWELL.
First time In this city of the romantic drama
A CAPTAIN OF NAVARRE
¦ POPULAR PRICES— 13c. 25t. 30c. 75c.
June 13— MRS. LESLIE CARTER IN "DU
BARRY." Seats on sale Thursday.
! A X f\ A rT A T> Belasco * Mayer,
ALCAZAR e^pSc;
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE TO-DAY.
The Delightful Romantic Drama.
Toll Gate Inn
"A winner."— Post.
"A strong production." — Call.
Erg.,:3c to 73c.Mata. Thura. tt Sat., 23c to DOc.
NEXT MONDAY— SUMPTUOUS PRODUC-
TION.
UNDER -TWO FLAGS,
Ouida's Popular Drama of Romance, With the
Great Sandstorm Scene.'
In Preparation — "LOVERS* LANE."
Coming— WHITE WHITTLEfiEY.
¦
Market it., near Eighth. Phone South 833.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
1 MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
| The Famous Historical Drama,
| A CELEBRATED CAST
, The Powerful Rotnanc* of a Hero of Fontenoy.
Magnificently Staged! Brilliantly Cast!
' Gorgeously Costumed!
i DDirTCC E»enlngs ..10c to 8Oe
rKIttO Matinee .'. ..10c. 13c. 2So
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
"^BASEBALL
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harr]son streets. " j
OAKLAND vs. FORTLAND
TO-DAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:SO P. M.
¦ '" Advance sale of seata at 6 Stockton street.
VEEKLY CALL, f 1.00 PEB YEA&
. ingleside
coursinoark;
96-DogOpenStake
Saturday and Sunday
June 4 and 5. •
Coureinr will begin at 11:30 o'clock sharp
and continue until the last winning flag go«»
UP.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
; All Missluu street ears transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERNET. Judge.
EDWARD SHORT9TAG. Slipper.
Continued and Unprecedented Success.
XJ. S.
FUNNIER THAN ANYTHING ¦
Filled With Fifty Novelties and a Cast of
••STARS" Never Surpassed.
EDNA AUG. CAROLINE HULL. OARRITY
SISTERS. AL FIELDS. YORKE k. ADAMS.
BEN DILLON'. P.OY ALTON
And the "ONLY" Chorus, of Forty.
' SAME POPULAR PRICES.
Matineea Saturday and Sunday.
SFECTAI..
To-morrow (Sunday) Night. First Time Her*.
Lionel Lawrence's Great Sensation.
"THE EIGHT RADIUM GXXX3**
Will Positively Be Produced.
Next Monday Night— First Appearance cf
MISS NORA BAYES.
THE GREAT ALFONS,
Europe's Foremost Equilibrist.
And a Splendid Chow £r«xy Afternoon.
and Erenlnr In ta* ThMtir,
TAKE A RIDE ON THE - t
MUIIATTJKE EX.ECTRIC KAIUEtOAB
EsmerahU and Her BABY MONKEY In the
Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MOHT.
Hear the PNEUMATIC SYMPHONY OR-
CHESTRA.
Admission. 10c; Children. Be
anSCFT.T, A TT~OU3. "• - .
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
(Limited.)
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31BX
day of December. A. D. 1303. and for la*
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and fill of the Political Code, 'condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $173,170 37
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and BonvTs owned by Company... 573, T30 CO
Cash In Banks «1.4«S3 24
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and 'Loans 1.T30 00
Premiums In due Cours* of Collec-
tion 83.383 03
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 100 00
Rents due and accrued 300 00
. Total Assets »S99.601 It
LIABILITIES. — — —
Losses adjusted and unpaid $1,703 47
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense X..»«I H
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. JSW.713 10: :¦_ _-
reinsurance 00 per cent 14»,»« **
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. *i*T.-
018 18; reinsurance pro rata 85.683 00
Due and to become due for Salaries,
Rents, etc 4.079 «X
Due and to' become due for Coaa-
missions and Brokerage «.S01 «
Return premiums and reinsurance <
premiums 12.183 XJ
Total Liabilities T.»273.<1S tt
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums 1382.708 l»
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 2O.«73 10
Received for Rents 15.J70 10
Received from Home Offlc* 5. SCO 34
Total Income t .»CM.3n 25
EXPEXDITUREa ~ ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $23,799 SO. losses of
previous years) $111.697 41
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 87.T17 B.4
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges tor officers, clerks, etc... 13.873 81
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 8,393 ?•
All other payments and expendi-
ture. 123.9B3 W
Total Expenditures $415.478 »T
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. . .$191. 1M 43
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
Net amount of Risks
ySr r !l. < ! a r^.. t . h : 2S.63O.0a 387.471 04
"p^SbSSJfl&fT 35.355.076 453.731 »
' ~ ELUAH R. KENNEDY. President. '.
Of 'and for Weed A Kennedy, M*r».
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
21st day ol January. 1004.
F. FISHBECK. Notary Public,.
C. F. MULUNS, Pacific Coast Muaztr,
4(6-418 California St.,
SAfi FRANCISCO. CAL.
AMUSEMENTS.
The Great California Carnival Co.
The World'* Greatest and Most Unique Carnival Combine and Standing Pre-eminently
In the Foreground of All Similar Amusement Institutions.
/WILL, PRESENT
CARNIVALS DE LUXE
Rivaling In General Formation and Gorgeous Detail the Celebrated Festival Events
of toe Anctont Romans. -
AMAZING IN CONCEPTION! GIGANTIC IN FORMATION!
SUPERB IN EQUIPMENT!
500 People J 2 *^~J^j£&uJ* S I 500 People.
A KALEIDOSCOPIC REVIEW of All that Is Carnlvalisque In Gold and Glitter.
Moral and Entertaining.
- Given Under the Auspices of the GENERAL RELIEF COMMITTEE
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Street Fair and Carnival
Ban rra Cisco June -4tH tO 1^5tH ?Z$a5£!
Corner of Market. Eleventh, Mission. Van Ness Av#. and Twelfth SU.
ADMISSION 10 CENTS.
Gorgeous Street Parade SATURDAY EVENING. Jnnt 4. at 8 p. m.. from
Palaea Hotel to Carnival Grounds
Magnificent Ceremonies at the Coronation of the Queen.
SPECIAL DAY1JGHT FIREWORKS SUNDAT AFTERNOON AT 2 O'CLOCK.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hg£jA|^ IBB H Bqqh Iq iE9 m9 Em bS8 *3n E3 Eja jfl _¦ Km Ir-J c4 KM LBu fcfl rl fcjn
" : KjnH Ru f£^ k?3 f?i mtMj fi?l v^p In gju |S9 F#l GfLii fJ nj fiuS ¦£¦ IC^j E«^S 3*3 R fl I
B HbSA hH itn EicsskP Kb HI m BH fcB Ej3 Sm bbI Cm Kjs P M kPB Em fif 3 •?¦*¦
|»||li FURNITURE CO,
E^^^^^^-259. GEARY S»
PEREMPTORY ASSIGNEES' SALE I -p\
-^— - Pi <irA DON'T FAiL TO
«W.Tl^£S£^*X-*£&- ¦T4 l f» tC «ee the beautiful
goods, shirt waists, FIXTURES, etc.. t .. COURT Lounrine
to be fold as a whole and contained In Ber- Ififfl ' rnnm +ti« TTMDTT?T?
nardo Woyl's. 73 GEARY ST..' which hM . dllU £ t u
bttn assigned to the undersigned for the bene- { *•**•• P A R L O R , the
nt of creditors.. Inventory. . now • ready , and r» '¦« PALM ROOM, the
open for Inspection at the above premises. All iir*\t\{\ v I nilTC YV BAP
bid* must be accompiuilwi with check' for 10 1 1 I V9 1 1 11 v LOUIS XV PAR-
per cent of sum bid and filed at the law office VEil *" % * LOR. and the LA-
of Messrs. VojrelBann * Brown, room 28, sev-: -V ~ V' T»TTrS» UTDTTTMr
enth floor. Mills building. The right Is here- H/m^AsC SJS?w WRITING
by reserved to reject any and all bids. Terms nOTCIS ROOM.
strictly ' cash. United States • rotd : coin. r D. ; ,llwlVW -
HAMBURGER, 11. J. COHEN, uslrnee*. I- * mil; Particular attention . has been paid
to their mouths and it seems they cin
be controlled- with' a silken thread.
Mr.'.Hewitt, the' manager 'of the farm,
i» an \: ; accomplished • horseman and
shows off the high development of his
charges" in -an Interesting 'manner.
His favorites are Artistic and Grace
Boyd. They have remarkable action
and show the effects of skillful hand
ling.' ." ;_ f .
h^ive entered upon -their experiment
with : enthusiasm. • v -
To create .an interest -in the new
type 1 on this coast^ they" purchased
some splendid representatives, in the
East, ' which they are showing at the
San Francisco Riding T Club. These
horses all have a dash of \ the thor
oughbred, showing it in, their confor
mation _ and In their fine heads, full of
character.' They have many distinct
gaits' and change from one to another
at some signal which an onlooker
.would not notice. At a slight snap of
the fingers they canter, while a touch
on the mane makes them start on a
square trot. ' . : .>.r
Bridle Paths of Golden Gate Park. Resound With the
Laughter of Horsemen ahd^Horsewornen,Enjoy
ing These Glorious Summer Davis.
Umpire Huston is not the best Judge
of balls and strikes In the world. He
showed it plainly the first day he um
pired in this city and his work has not
improved sinca-<hat time. In Thurs
day's game Julie Streib received a
mean rap on the hand from the ball
while at bat, but Huston refused to
allow him to take his base, although
every fan in the grand stand saw the
player get hit. It is an umpire's busi
ness to see these things and Mr. Hus
ton misses a lot of them.
Dunleavy's Injuries are not as seri
ous as was at first thought and the
fast center fielder will soon' be cut
ting "capers in the Oakland outfield.
Lohman thought Dun would not be
able to play any more ball this sea
son, but luckily for him and the team
he' is on the road to a speedy recovery-
It looks as though Jimmy Byrnes
had landed a permanent Job on the
Oakland team. Jimmy was a try-out
man for the last couple of years In
this league as well as in the Pacific
Northwest organization, but for some
reason never held a job long. The ball
he has been playing for Oakland is
good enough to suit anybody. With an
instructor like Pete Lohman*' Jimmy
will improve right along, and, as he
has the best wishes of the local and
the Oakland fans, he will undoubted
ly succeed
Uncle Harris says he will be rest
ing easily as soon aa he grabs another
first baseman. The San Francisco
team certainly needs such a man and
needs him badly. Uncle claims to
have a fast one in the Cast all but
signed up. He will have to get him
on the ground in a. rush If he wants
to cut in on the honors for the first
half of the season.
If Portland could only be spared a
little of that hard luck that has been
landing in hfcr camp by the bucketful
the northern team might give some of
the topnotchers a tussle for the hon
ors. There is no team In the history
of the league that has suffered more
hardships than has the northern aggre
gation. Instead of getting Castro back
into the game Manager Dugdale was
handed a package in the form of the
crippling of Drennan and Francis. But
every road has its turn, and the Web
feet will, surely enjoy a chance to rally
ere long.
That extended series between Seattle
and Tacoma in the north m*y be ex
ceedingly tedious to the fans there, but
at any rate It has done much to make
the race interesting. Both teams are
evenly matched and the way they have
been seesawing makes the run excit
ing./ They will .have still one more
week of it after the present series is
finished, and by that time the Tacoma
fans v/ill never want to see a Seattle
played again, and the Seattle rooters will
about go frantic when they lay eyes on
another Tacoma star. - •
The Oakland manager has been doing
great things with his ball team within
the last few weeks, considering it Is
crippled in three places, two of them
almost fatally. Peter himself has not
experienced the pleasure of winging
any base runners out at second for
nearly three weeks, while Francks has
been on the shelf for a week, and Dun
leavy,'s timely bingle has been missed
for more than a month.
Oakland has managed to maintain
the leadership in the baseball, fight for
another fortnight, and the chances of
being the headllner at the first half of
the season, July 24, look good and
bright for the venerable Lohman. At
that, he will not slide in after a leis
urely fashion, for there are a couple
more baseball clubs in the league that
are liable to be after him in hotfoot
order.
When Dugdale Gets Team
in Shape Again There May
Be a Big Surprise in Store
• The mountain streams and lakes are
unusually backward owing to the se
vere winter. The ice is just beginning
to break up at Webber and Independ
ence lakes, and there will be but little
fishing there until about the 20th inst.
The season will open at Bassett's, a
famous resort forty-eight miles north
of Truckee, between July 1 and 10.
William Murdock and Al Langennan
leave to-day for Webber Lake.
E. J. Kaplan, Charles Bishop, W.
Jansen, F. Bonn and H. Jansen fished
the Puris'sima, in San Mateo County,
last Sunday. The creek Is full of flsh,
but they are of small size.
A. M. Cummin*, whose fame a* an
angler is known far and wide, has Just
returned from the Klamath, tanned as
brown as an Indian and with tales. of
the fishing afforded by that noble
stream which send the blood coursing
and surging through the veins of a
sportsman.
In four weeks Mr. Cummlng took 650
pounds, of trout at a point, on .the
stream within' a hundred. yards of the
hotel. . His best catch for one day was
thirty-eight flsh of an average weight
of two pounds. The smallest catch was
ten fish. As the flies were not out he
used the spoon or minnow or crawfish.
The salmon and codis flies are out
now and the trout are striking freely.
The. small tributary to the
river— Jenny ' Creek, Bogus, Fall and
Shovel Creeks — will be at their best for
flyfishing next week. They will afford
sport throughout the season.
In* July the quinnat salmon will com
mence to run, and many large flsh are
taken each year. The country is a
sportsman's paradise, as deer, doves,
quail and other game are to be found
in abundance during the season. It is
twenty-four hours from San Francisco,
•and of the total distance there is only
nine miles of staging. The Klamath
Lake Railroad connects with the South
ern Pacific.
Rush Shows the Fishermen
Are Preparing for An
nual Outings Far Afield
PORTLAND'S HARD LL T CK
BIG DEMAND FOE FLIES
Stories of the Sport on the
Klamath Eiver Stir the
Blood of Many Sportsmen
From Present Indications
. lohman's Stars Will Lead
; League When Time Expires
TROUT STREAMS
ARE BECKONING
ANGLING HOSTS
COMMUTERS LOOK
LIKE HEADLINERS
FOR HALF SEASON
HEIRS D1BAGKEE. — Th« children of
Charles Proschold. who died Mar SO at Car.a
dero are already quarreling - over hl» »U0O0
estate. Henry Proschold and Julia Muhlbach
each object to a deed made by their father
last Oeeember Riving bis entire estate, which
consists of a piece of realty on Point Lobos
avenue near Boyce street, to their brother.
r'haxlea, alleging undue Influence. They want
the deed declared null and void and ask the
court to appoint a receiver to take charge bf
the property penfllcs a determlnaiAoa of their
cwpecttv* clalma* ,
Shay's Wild Throw Gives Boston the
Only Run Scored in Great Thlr
tccn-Inning; Game.
• STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) 1 (American League.)
W. L. Pet. 1 W. L. Pet.
Chicago . 23 11 .095 Boston 20 12 .C85
New York...2« 12 .6S5 Cleveland ...21 14 .COO
Cincinnati ..27 13 .C75 New York... 21 16 .5C8
Rt. Louis 17 IS .4SC Chicago .....22 17 .503
Plttsburg ...10 20 .444 Phlladelphla..2O 16 .558
Brooklyn 16 23 .410 St. Louie.... 16 IS ,471
Boston 14 22 .383 Detroit 13 23 .3C1
Philadelphia.. C 28 . 177. Washington... 0 28 .177
NATIONAL LEAGUE. "
NEW YORK. June 3.- — Cincinnati ' defeated
New York in the second fame of the series
to-day. . The visitors bunched . hits In the
eighth, and, aided 'by Browne's wild throw,
scored the winning run. Attendance, 12,000.
Score:
R. H. E.
New York ..,'. ,2 .. 8 2
Cincinnati S ' 7 0
• Batteries — Taylor and Bowerman; Hahn and
Peitz. Umpires — Zlmmer ¦ and Moran.
BOSTON. June 3.— A wild throw by Shay
of St. Louis with two out In the thirteenth in- 1
slas enabled Tenner of Boston to scon th«
Fourth race, steeplechase, short course —
Faraday Jr. won. Isltp recond, Volantlne third.
Time. 3:07%. .
Fi'tb rare, one and an eighth miles — Goo
Goo won. Frivol second. Briers third. Time,
1:M.
Eixth race. flv« furlongs — Dr. Leggo won,
Etroud aeoend. The Lexington lieader third.
Time, 1:02.
CINCINNATI. June 3. — Latonia summary:
First race, six furlongs — MIm Doyle won.
Ovrasca second. Henry Lyons third. Time
J :1S%.
tSecond race, one mile — Gleawood won, Frank
lie second, Tom Hail third. Time. l:<i
Third race, five furlongs — Oddelletts, won,
Dlxelle secocd, Monaca llald third. Time,
J:02.
Latonia Race Resnlts.
NEW YORK GIANTS FALIi
BEFORE CINCINNATI REDS
skilled riding masters in' their clever
handling"of their. mounts, the latter as
a class would make a sorry, appear
ance in/the show > ring. There has
been a tendency to think that nature
designed all ; horses for saddle pur
poses, when such is far -from being a
fact. Any horse was considered good
enough to. ride, -with the -''result that
there ;wW no well defined type, no one
breeding with the' object of making up
the deficiency.
'; The : f requesters - of Golden Gate
Park have recently' noticed a, com
paratively new type .of saddle ' horse,
the.peacocky ; high' stepper from; the;
blue grass country,- which has all -the
airs and graces of a ballet dancer.
These are the property of A. G. Spaldr
Ing, the - sporting goods man, and of
his son, Keith Spalding, who have de
termined 5 to'-; ascertain' if -there is :a
demand in California for; horses bred
especially for saddle j purposes and
then brought to a m high* state'. of '< de-;
velopment by experienced horsemen.
The Messrs. Spalding^haye a coun
try place at ~ Pacific Beach,' near San
Diego, where -they . have . established
the American Saddle-horse 'Breeding
Farm.' At the head of j their stud they
have -the stallion Rex; Montgomery^ a
brother of j Rex McDonald,' the most
famous representative /of the Ameri
ca n " or. Kentucky : type of -saddle-horse.
They • have . selected", twenty brood
mares in^Keritucky /arid- Missouri* and ;
only run of an exciting game to-day. \ Both
Plttinger and Taylor were highly effective.
Attendance '2100. Score:
,>¦ ¦ R. H.- E.
Boston ...... ;'..'. ...v. ............. 1 .9 3
St. Louis .: ' 0*. 7 1
Batteries— Pittincer ar.d Needham;' Taylor
and Grady. Umpire — Emslle. - .
BROOKLYN, Jun«i 3.— In a : twelve-inning
game to-day Brooklyn • defeated- Pittsburgh, 5
to ¦*. Attendance, 2200. - Score : v
. ! R. H. E.
Brooklyn .'.'. 6 10 6
Plttsburg ....•< 10 0
Batteries— Poole and Ritter; Miller, Cam
nltr and Phelpa. Umpire — Johnstone.' i .'.
PHILADELPHIA, June 3.— The local* had
several chances to win to-day's same, but
the necessary run was . lacking. Chicago's
batsmen, on the other hand,.- were effective
when hits counted. Attendance, 1500. Score:
Philadelphia ............'..! .. s' IV ¦ S
Chicago 4 • 8 2
Batteries— Fraser and Dooln; i Brlgrs and
O'KeJU. Umpire— O'Day. •, - " ,
AMERICAN LEAGUE.'
DETROIT. June \ 3.— Detroit won a' long
dra-*-n-out ten Inning game. Attendance 2600
EcoTf.: • .' '
' i • • . ":R. - H. -E."
Detroit ,.6'T 2
New York . •..4 12 • 2
Batteries— Mullin and BAelow; Powell,
Hughe* and McGiitre.-, . . , -,
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Juno 3.— Donahue shut
Borton out with one hit up" to the ninth in
rrtnx, when three hits were bunched givlns
Boston one run. Attendance, ,5700. Score.:
Cleveland .......'. '.". .....'. . '. '. ; . , ; . 2 ', a' '- 6
Boston • 1 " 4 0
Batteries— Donohue and Bemls: Gibson and
Crlrer. , . *
CHICAGO. June . 3.— Perfect fielding and
timely hitting gave the locals an easy victory
to-day. Davis was the fielding star, with sev
eral sensational stops. and throws' closely fol
lowed by Coughlan and, Moran. who did very
bril'.lant work. Attendance. 2100. Score:
Chicago ......;....... . . 6 * 9' ' 6
Washington . ... ..,./. ..'..' 1 . 6 2
Batteries— Smith and Sulllran: Patten and
Kittredse. - "••*-•'¦
."""; — : . » • ¦ '¦ .
BUCKLEY CONFESSES JUDGMENT.— C.
J. Buckley yesterday admitted the truth of the
claims of Architect Robert Richards and 'con
sented that a. Judgment for ?2132 for service*'
be entered against him.-
CHARLES T. HEWITT SHOWING OFF
THE -AIRS -AND GRACES- OF SOME
OF THE SPALDINO HIGH STEPPERS. 1 •
Cycling In its palmiest days could
hardly afford the sport in prospect at
the meeting which will be held to-mor
row at Ingleslde track. In addition to
the cycle races there will be events for
automobiles. *¦
There axe seventy entries for the, five
mile handicap, thirty-five for the novice
race and big lists for the one and two
mile open events. :-. V,-
Nine clubs will" send representatives
to the mark* in the Australian pursuit
race. In this the teams will be started
at different parts of the track. As the
members of one team overtake those of
another the latter must retire. If one
team has not overtaken all the others
at the end of ten .miles the winner will
be the team which first completes this
distance. The r/Cce is a complicated
one, but if it works out properly a great
contest should; result. ¦> -
The crack yearns of the Reno Wheel
men, Los Angeles Wheelmen, Garden
City Wheelmen and Bay City. Wheel
men will compete.
The meet is under the direction of a
committee made up of F.G. Bollo, M.
Bollo and F. G. West. ; ,r
Unprecedented Entry Is Se
cured of Noted Eiders for
Various Distance Events
CYCLING HOSTS
AT INGLESIDE
Bnappr Carris'.'n. Kagl* Bird, General Fre
mont, Apple Blc**om. Royal FrUnd, Gold
Lily, Dartaway. Jensle Dear. Sofala, Idaho
Boy.. Tom Hurl irk. Silver CIouu, Jerry Wright,
Our Myrm. Rector, Little Plungrer, Northern
Alarm. Hurry On, Reekie** Acrobat, Evil Eye,
Dear G*«ton. Wedrewcod. Lulii Girl. Htlen
Hayes, Remlsso Animo. Mia* Brummsl, Nellie
M, Octavlua, Real • Duchess. Pegged Actor,
Sir Whiten. Magic Stuff. Mttle Mercy. BellVst.
Adonis, Equator, Melllnwood, Foxhunter,
Prompt o. Don P«dro. Conroy, Bob R, Firm
Fellow, Orslna, Frisky Boy. Mark Twain,
Haddington. Texas Mlrrr.on.
The running of the stake at Ingle
side Park will commence^this morning
at 11:30 o'clock., Rector and Reckless
Acrobat are fancied as winners at the
top of the card and Ragged Actor and
Miss Brummel at the bottom. The
likely winners: !""
Open stake — Frank Dunn, rocatelll. Una,
Texas Jill. AKKle \V, Friendless Boy, HlRh
Born, Gambit. Liberator. Lucy Clair, Aeolus,
Ml Amlto. Palo Alto, Belle Fre<i The Referee.
Haphazard. Rural Artist. Fancy Free, Barge,
Var.dal, Raby Aurora, Kicharcl ¦ Anton, Ruby
Sankey, Hudson. RajMd Water, Itocklin Boy,
Sacramento Bay, Ready Addre.**.
The annual meeting and election of
the California Coursing Committee will
be held next Tuesday night in room 33,
Chronicle building. Plans will be laid
for the committee's annual stake which
is usually held in July.
The talent figures that Pocatelli,
Barge, Richard Anton and Sacramento
Boy will be the last four in the open
stake to-morrow at Union Park. Sac
ramento Boy has three comparatively
easy courses and then a bye course
which would put him in the semi
finals, where he is expected to meet
Richard Anton. The likely winners in
both stakes are:
Puppy t tak»— I-ar»!>r« EM. Plain Blackle,
Flower GIri. Queens Beauty, Stlngaree, T. C.
Watstn, Ina CIksuk. Menlo Queen.
The management of Union Park is
preparing to run a sixteen-dog special
stake and a fifty-six-dog reserve stake
each week. It is expected this will
keep the dogs of a class together.
A special meeting of the Interstate
Coursing Club will be held in Pythian
Castle next Wednesday night for the
ninth renewal of the Ladies' ~ Day
Champion Stake. , .
The coursing parks are providing
stakes for the puppies and some prom
ising young coursers are being shown
on the fields. The vicinity of Sacra
mento seems to. be the nursery for
greyhounds, the best coursers for some
years past coming from mat district.
M. C. Delano, J. E. Freeman and J.
Quast have some promising young ones
coming up which are expected to cut
quite a figure in the sport shortly.
F. R. Clark of Honey Grove, Tesas,
has announced his intention of sending
a string of dogs to this coast' as soon
as he can make arrangements for their
training.
The coursing season has opened
auspiciously in Butte. George Mac
dougall's kennel Is doing well. Blake
and Smith also have a strong string of
dogs. Eddie Canavan is doing the
Judging.
Second payment on this year's cours
ing futurity will be due on July L
From the number of nominations it is
expected there will be a sixty-four-dog
stake.
The State championship tournament
is less than a month off. In this event,
which will be played at San Rafael,
the same players will compete, except
that the winner will play Grant Smith
Instead of MacGavin. The latter will
cot take part.
Rlchworth Mekelson, at one time one
of the best players on the coast, is in
town and is playing regularly. He will
probably play at San Rafael. Mekelson
was the academic champion for sev
eral years. •"¦ ¦;-.';
The class singles tournament which
¦was commenced at the park several
weeks ago will be finished to-morrow.
The tournament completed last Sun
day developed two young players who
will undoubtedly become champions
before many years have passed. These
youngsters are Herbert Long and Her
bert Schmidt. Long is undoubtedly the
most promising player on the coast.
He has been playing less than two
years and still beat men like Mitchell
and Dunlap easily. Long was beaten
by Allen in the semi-finals. He did not
play his best game In this match and
was pitted against a veteran. Allen
plays a tricky game, and his many
years of experience were too much for
Long. The latter practices constantly,
and If he improves in the next year as
he has In the past the champions will
have to look to their laurels.
Schmidt has been playing for years,
but does not practice regularly. Lately
he has been taking the game seriously
and has improved noticeably. In the
last class singles he won the second
class easily. He had one of his good
days on Sunday and beat George Baker,
the champion of the park and ' one of
the cleverest players in the city, easily.
Schmidt, like Long, fell a victim to Al
len's skill. He made a good showing,
but did not play near the game he did
against Baker.
Another promising young player is
Clarence Griffin of the Golden Gate
Club. He was not beaten until he
went against Murdock, the tournament
winner.
The question as to who will be ten-
Bis champion of San Francisco for the
year 1904 will be decided to-morrow
afternoon. At 2:30 o'clock on the Cali
fornia Club courts Percy Murdock, the
tournament winner, will meet J. Drum
xnond MacGavin. the holder of the
title, in the challenge match. These
two players are as evenly matched as
eny two on the coast. They play the
fame style of game, and when they
come together a fast match will i-esult.
Both play a driving, hard-hitting
game, and there is little chance of its
being a long drawn out match. Mur
dock is in slightly better form than
MacGavin, but the latter may have one
of his good days] when he is almost
invincible. This is the first time Mur
dock and MacGavin have come together
in a championship tournament, al
though they have been in tournaments
together many times. MacGavin
smashes and volleys better than his
opponent, but Murdock has a better
back hand stroke and a more puzzling
service. ,
MacGavin and 3Iurdock Will
Meet in 31atch for Cham
pionship of San Francisco
Events Are Being Provided
to Develop Puppies.. Some
of Which A re Promising
YOUNG COURSERS
IN THE RUNNING
TENNIS HONORS
IN THE BALANCE
THE -SAN. FRANCISCO CALL; .SATURDAY... JUNE 1904.
EQUESTRIAN PASTIME GAINING STEADILY IN POPULAR FAVOR
* The j advance In public favor .of the
automobile fas : a . vehicle of pleasure
and- of utility has : apparently . made
no inroads upon the popularity of the
horse as a healthful arid an enjoyable
conveyance ; about .the country.. :The
bridle paths. of Golden Gate Park re
sound with the laughter of groups of
equestrians who. are enjoying these
glorious summer days^to the fullest' ex
tent.. The accommodations 'of the
Riding Club are also taxed to their
capacity.' - .
In the past,' while the riders have
shown the effects of the instruction' of
10BALTIMORE, June 3.— Joe Gans, the
lightweight champion pugilist, was
given the decision to-night over ¦Harry
Cohen (Kid Griffo) of Brooklyn in the
seventh round of a fifteen-round bout
before the Eureka Athletic Club. Gans
was the stronger and floored Cohen
nine times during the seventh round.
Joe Guns Beats Kid Griffo.
CHICAGO,' June 3.— Buddy Ryan, a
Chicago lightweight, was beaten so
badly In a flght to-night with Jimmy
Gardner of Lowell, Mass., that the
referee stopped the flght in the sixth
round to save Ryan from further pun
ishment. It was Gardner's fight all the
way. He went in to finish Ryan in the
sixth round and in less than a minute
had Ryan on the verge.bf collapse. The
referee sent Ryan to his corner to save
him from serious injury.^; ,. . .
Buddy Ryan Badly Beaten.
NEW YORK. June 3.— McChesney
will not be a starter in the Surburban
handicap, as he will be shipped to
Chicago on Saturday morning and will
there receive special preparations for
the World's Fair handicap, to be run
at St. Louis on June 25.
McChesney Out of the Snburban.
NEW YORK. June. 3.— Prince Pu
Lun saw an American horse race 'for
the first time to-day at the Grayesend
track and reaped a substantial profit
from the bookmakers. He did not re ] y
upon a novice's luck, as he "and .the
Chinese Minister, Sir Chen Tung Liang
Cheng, were the guests of Perry Bel
mont and received expert advice.
Prince P" Lun at the Races.
Wealth may not always bring happi
ness, but that is no reason why we
should court poverty.
ST. LOUIS, June ; 3.— The ham
mer throwing event of the Ama
teur Athletic Union handicap
meet on Thursday at the Stadium on
the World's Fair grounds was won by
A. D. Plaw of the Pacific Athletic As
sociation of San Francisco. W. H. Wil
liams of 'Iowa State University was
second and J. K. Cambon of Missouri
University third. The distance was
1C6 feet 6 and a' half inches". \\v-
The of the Pacific Ath
letic Association Carries Off the
Honors in Opening Contests.
Jack Munroe began to hit hard yes
terday for the first time since he has
been in training and after the husky
miner had broken two punching bags
the big crowd in the gymnasium took
on a wise look and each spectator was
convinced on the spot that the aspirant
for championship honors is possessed
of an ugly punch.
After taking his usual run on the
road and his customary rest. Jack re
paired to the gymnasium and com
menced on the bags. He seemed to
have a* grudge against the small
punching machine and ere he was at
it two minutes it. gave way before his
terrific swings, the leather bursting In
the middle. •
This feat seemed to please Munroe
and he smiled a . smile of satisfaction
before tackling the big sandbag. He
commenced to hit harder with every
punch, and lo! oneof the thick cords
which suspended .the bag from the
ceiling , broke , in "twain. That was
what the big* fellow wanted . and he
started in with a vengeance to break
Munroe Shows a Burst of Speed and
Lands Some Terrific . Blows.
BREAKS TWO PUNCHING BAGS.
PIxAW, THE- CALIFORNIAN,
WINS AT ST. LOUIS- GAMES
Judge Cook announced yesterday
that he was not yet ready to render his
decision on the motion for a new trial
for Mrs. Cordelia Botkin, convicted of
the murder of Mrs. Elizabeth Dunning.
He wanted to peruse the transcript of
the testimony and addresses of coun
sel and would do so during his vaca
tion. No harm could be done any one
by the delay. The case was continued
till August 8.
Botkln Sentence Postponed.
Hughes Is Wild and Tigers Take
I J kins to His Curves.
TACOMA. June 3. — Tacoma took
the third straight game from Seattle
to-day, outplaying the visitors at
every stage. Thomas made his first
appearance after being ill. Hughes'
was wild and was batted at opportune
tirr.es. In three Innings . Seattle
bunched hits; but they counted for lit
tle Score:
Tacctna — [ Seattle —
AB.R. H. P.A.I AB.R. H. P. A
Doyle.rf. ft 0 0 1 0Moh!r.2b 5 0 13 3
fhehn.3b 4 0 12 2 VanH.cf. 3 0 0 2 2
Nrtfyk.lb 10 13 0 Dlh:y,3b. 4 0 0 12
ll»T*n.lb 3 117 0 F .-irk. If . 4 10 10
E&gan.s. 3 3 2 0 7 Smlth.rf. 4 0 13 0
Lynch, et. 3 3 12 O Brshr.lb. 4 O 2 10 0
Casry.Sb 3 0 1 <l IHiII.i... 4 1 2 2 3
McLrn.!f 3 2 12 l:Hughes.p 4 0 10 2
firthm.c. 4 2 2 4 O Blknslp.c 4 12 2 2
Thomas, p 4 0201
Total* 36 3 8 24 14
Totals 33 11 12 27 12
RUNS AXD HITS BY IXNKfCS.
Taooma 0 4 2 0 0 0 0 S x — 11
Base hits 1 2 3 10 0 0 6 x— 12
f'i.ttle 0 O O 1 0 O 2 O It 3
Base bits 0 10 2 2 0 4 0 it— S
SUMMARY.
Errors — Hciran. Delebanty. Smith, Brashear.
Etruck out— By Thomas 3. by Huphes 3. First
base on called balls — Br Hushea 4. Hit by
(.'itefcer — By Thomas 1. Stolen bases — Vaa
Haltrcn 2. Two-base hits— Graham. Lynch.
Erachear 2. Hone run — Easan. Sacrifice hits
— llcftn, Caeey. Double plays — McLaughlln
to Graham: Mohler to Hall to Brashear; Van
Haltren to Brsshear. Left on bases — Tacoma
4. Seattle 7 Time of raixie — One hour and 42
B&autes. Umpire— O'Ccnaell.
TACOMA OUTPLAYS SEATTLE.
Favorites 'for Biff Event.
CHICAGO, - June 3.— Twenty-one
horses are listed to start in the Harlem
National handicap, which will be run
at Harlem to-morrow.- Among those
scheduled to start for i the 515.000 prize
are some of the. best horsea- racing In
the West. Witful will carry top weight.
Ill pounds; next comes Injunction, 109
judge Himes and Flying Ship, are giv
en 107 each, while the remainder of the
field range from 105. to 90 pounds. Fe
lipe Lugo, Lucky Baldwin's candidate,
for the American Derby, gets in with
the lightest weight, and it is, believed
by many horsemen may carry.. off ;the
prize. Colonial Girl and McGee have,
been installed equal ;, favorites, j both
quoted in the betting at 4 to 5. Gregor,
K is the next favorite.^ The race will
be run over a fairly fast track, accord
ing to indications to-night. The entries
are:
National Harlem handicap, $15,000,
one and three-sixteenth miles— Bragg
102. Bondage 9«. Felipe Lugo" 90,. McGee
105. Colonial Girl 103. Flying. Ship 107,
Elliott 97. Monsieur Beaucalre. Glassful
100, Judge Himes 107, Gregor K 101,
Witful 111, Potheen 99, Flying Torpedo
103, Horatius 97, Lord : Badge 86, In
junction 109. Deutschland 95, Flo. Bob
98, Dr. Stephens 99. Fonsoluea 100.
Colonial Girl and McGee Are Equal
HARLEM NATIONAL BETTING.
Taking this as a cue, the City Coun
cil has had prepared an ordinance
placing a prohibitive taxupon pugilistic
events. If the ordinance Is passed at
drawn it will exact of managers of
such events a license of not less than
{500 for each event of not more than
four rounds, and for flghts of longer
duration the minimum license fee will
be ?1000. This Is not only for main
events»-but also for preliminaries, and
applies to all flghts to which an admis
sion fee is charged.
LOS ANGELES, June 3.— Despite the
decision recently rendered In the Supe
rior Court declaring invalid the city or
dinance obsolutely prohibiting pugilistic
exhibitions In this city, priie-flghting in
Los Angeles is to be rendered prac
tically impossible. The ordinance was
declared unconstitutional, but the court
intimated in its decision that such reg
ulations were clearly within the police
powers of municipal corporations, : and
therefore were subject to license re
strictions. ¦:'-. '..'¦¦':'/.
Introduced Asking That
Heavy Tax Be Levied on All
Fistic Events.
DAYS OF BOXING CONTESTS
NUMBERED IN LOS ANGELES
LOS " ANGELES, June 3. — The
champions had no trouble in winning
to-day's game from San Francisco,
Jones being bumped hard in the first
and sixth Innings. Gray was good
to-day and scattered the hits so well
that one run was all the visitors could
get. Both teams .fielded in fine form.
Score:" •
Lo» Angeles — San Franciac<j —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Toman.e. 4 1.0 2 1 Hldbd.3b 3 0 1 4 1
~lood,2b. 4 2 2 5 4 Wldrn.cf 3 0 0 2 0
Smith.Sh 5 0 1 4 7 Meany.rf 4 0 1. 2 1
Brnrd.cf 3 1 2 3 0 Leahy.c. 4 0 14 2
Whelr.rf* 3 0 2 0 0 Andrrn.s 4 0 0 0 3
Uwmn.lt: 4 1 0 0 0 Reltz.2b. 4 12 4 4
Chase.lb 4 13 7 0 Masey.lb 3 0 18 0
Spits.c 4 12 « 2 Gorton.lf 4 0 10 0
Oray.p. .30.10 1 Jonos.p. . 4 6 002
ToUl«.iI 7 13 27 15 Totals.M 1 7 24 13
.BUNS AND HITS BY JNNINGS. .
Los Angeles 6 00 00 200 x— 7
Base hits ..... 5 0 1 0 0 4 2 1 x— 13
San Francisco... 0 0 » 1 O 0 0 0 O— I'
Base hits ..... 1 11 210 0 01—7.
SUMMARY.
Stolen base — Bernard. Errors— Ma sney. Bow
man Three-base hit— Wheeler. Two-base
hits-— Chase. Flood. Smith. Gray, Reltz. F^irst
base on errors — San Francisco, 1. L#eft on
bases— I^os Angeles. (!; San Francisco, 8. Bases
on balls — Oft Gray, 2; off Jones; 4. Struck
out— By Gray, 6; by Jonfs. 3. Double plays —
Smith to Flood to Chase; Meany to Relta. :
Passed ball— I^eahy. Hit by pitched ball-
Flood. HiUlehrand. Time of came— 1 :3o. Um
pire — -'McDonald. . ¦
Jones Comes In for a Beating at the
Hands of Champions. *
ANGELS HANDY. WITH CLUBS.
Fifth race — Sandy Andy, Fireball,
Brush Up.
sixth race— Ella Snvder, Stuyve.
Sheriff BcIL
Fourth race — Highball, Dolly
FpjinkfT, Wotan.
Ragged Cavalier, Caller. •
Third race* — Britisher, Song and
Wine. TliC Claimant.
By New York Telegraph.
First race — Sweet Alice, Ivux Casta,
Mamie Worth.
Second race— Flying Virginian, The
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
"Sloan, Harry Pollock and myself
will start for San Francisco Saturday,
where I shall help put the finishing
touches • on Jack Munroe before his
fight with Jeffries," said Corbett.
"Take a hunch from me; Munroe will
win that . flght hands down. As to
Britt," said Corbett, "whenever Brltt
fs ready! urn,' and I would be willing
to step into .the ring with him this af
ternoon if my arm was all right."
NEW YORK, June 3. — "Young Cor
bett," the boxer, is home again after
a two months' vacation in Europe. Ha
arrived yesterday with Tod Sloan.
"Young Corbetf had more questions
to ask than information to give. < He
is aching for news about Jimmy Britt,
whom he says he -will smother when
they meet again.
Pollock He Starts for This
City To- Day.
Accompanied by Tod Sloan and Harry
YOUNG CORBETT CO3IIXG WEST
TO SEE THE BIG FIGHT
Mrst race — Action, Stroller, Beau
Ormonde.
Second race — Nannie Hodge, Skill
ful. Irene Undsey.
Third race — Judge Hlmes, Bondage,
Colonial Girl.
Fourth race — Moharib, Proceeds,
Prince Sllverwings.
Fifth race — Lalonde, Plnkerton,
Gold Enamel.
Sixth race— Telephone, Thane, Glor
iosa. ¦'^rv^^V'.: ¦..-"¦ ¦
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
What will the betting be on the
Jeffries-Munroe flght? That is a ques
tion which every sport along the line
is asking. There was a general discus
sion of the topic at Harry Corbett's
last night and most of the knowing
ones predicted the champion would
open a 1 to 2 choice over the miner
and that the odds would gradually
ease down to 10 to 4. There has been
no betting as yet. although when it
opens up a lively time is expected, as
both men have admirers in plenty In
the city.
Betting on the Big Fight.
Harry Singer, alias Weiss, a slick
youth from New York, was booke%l at
the City Prison yesterday by D^te-?
tives O'Dea and Mulcahy on three
charges of burglary. He has bvjn
coining money throughout the State
by representing himself as an agent
for the New York Metropolitan Njwa
Ccmpany and obtaining subscriptions
for a dressmaking magazine.
On April 10 he called upon Mis. W.
J. Wigmore, 816 Valencia for
n ' subscription and while conversing
with her asked her for a glass of wa
ter. She had to leave the room and
after he had gone she ml.«w3 1 her gcn*l
watch and gold lace pin. rle followed
the same course at the residence of
Mrs. A. J. Smith, 410 Octavia street.
on May 6 and at the resideace of Mrs.
Coghill. 1292 Turk street, or. May 20.
arid <"ach missed a gold wV.ch. Th*
stolen articles have been recov«od.
Singer told the officers that he hud
8ten the same thing done in New
York.
Harry Singer, Alias Weiss, From New
York, Is Arrested on Three
Charges of Burglary.
ACCUSED OF DEFRAUDING
NUMEROUS DRESSMAKERS
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
First race — Platoon, Franco, .Dam
eron. ' •
Second race— -Dr. Kier, Nan Dora,
Moroni. »
Tlilrd race — Radium, Tom Kiley,
Major Carpenter.
Fourth race — Dan MeKenna, Lai
clan, Jordan.
Fifth race — Sauve, Sting, Echbdale.
•Sixth race — Gaslighter, Broodier,
Lynch.
Seventh race — Martius, Clear the
Arena, Buccleuth.
HARBIN SPRINGS, June 3.—Cham
pion Jim Jeffries was shot all to pieces
;by two*~ph6togrVphers this afternoon,
and this posing was the only work he
performed during the day, unless a run
down to Middletown and back after
breakfast- is exempted. This surcease
from the arduous duties of training
need cause no alarm, however, for the
big fellow simply played hookey ; in the.
absence of Manager Billy Delarfey—
that was all. Even Dick Adams, the
"human football," enjoyed a brief
spell of rest.
Jeff easily holds the reputation of be
ing the best shot in the pugilistic
ranks, for he can knock the gold filling
out of a squirrel's bicusped with a
Maxim quick-firing gun at 500 yards.
At least Adams says he saw him do it
one fall in Southern California.
After an' incident which happened the
other day Dick takes to the tall and
uncut timber whenever the champion
brings out his Winchester. When
nothing else is. on tap Jeff usually
brings out the shooting implements and
will take one chance at almost any
thing in sight. One day last week Ad
ams-while strolling about dropped in
to make Mrs. Jeffries a call. He found
nobody at home and turned to retreat,
only to find Jeff, rifle In hand, at his
heels. Picking up a peculiar looking
pin from a dresser, Dick asked, "Do
you suppose you could hit that, Jeff?"
"Bang!" and the pin fell Jrom Dick's
fingers to the floor. The balance of the
day the hapless pal of the big boiler
maker was as pale as Hamlet's ghost,
and he does not care to figure in any
more William Tell acts.
Once before Jen* Jarred the nervous
susceptibilities of Dick. In the latter's
room are two beds, and on a warm
afternoon Dick was stretched out full
length on one enjoying a novel. Jeff,
rifle under his arm, walked In and
flopped down on the other bed. Dick
was inwardly flattering himself that
the champion was not feeling in a
frisky mood, when there was a flash
and a report. Away went the novel,
and Adams. Is still searching for the
chapter in which the evil designs of the
villain were foiled by the hero.
- To-morrow will see Jeffries at work
again, for Billy Delaney is due to re
turn. F. E. MULHOLLAND.
When the miner finished with the
punching bags he began at his spar
ring partners. Andy Gallagher and
Jack ' Sullivan. Both came in for
some hard wallops during the three
six-minute rounds they went with the
big fellow.- He devoted a lot of time
to hugging and wrestling them- about,
and, though both are big. powerful
men, they seemed like children when
Munroe tussled with them.
After finishing his gymnasium work
Munroe took a dip in the briny, ac
companied by Andy Gallagher. He
swam strongly and seemed to enjoy
the plunge greatly. An admission fee
of 25 cents was charged at the gymna
sium door, but the place filled up be
fore the miner commenced to work
and large numbers had to be turned
away.
the remaining cord. The huge and
ponderous bag swung almost to the
ceiling with every blow, until finally
Jack was cautioned to cut it out or
the ,rope might break and the bag
tumble on the head of one of the
spectators.
Jake Thielman, star of the north and
longed for in the city of the world's
fair, took to the mound yesterday af
ternoon at Recreation Park, but even
his presence in the box could not bring
a. game to the Brownies-, . ¦ For seven
innings they had the commuters stowed
away. It was only for seven. The
next spasm was a heart-breaker for
the admirers of • Dugdale's clouters.
Three commuters arrived and then it
was off. Score, 4 to' 2.* ;
It was one grand game of ball,' ex
citing and wholesome ; from.. round to
round. Portland .fielded and
hit hard. Oakland did not do so well
in the field, but Mr. Schlafley was a
regular four-miler on the sacks and
was also daring enough to tear- to the
plate on a short hit and thereby tie up
the score.
It was 2 to 1 in favor of the Oregon-'
ians ' when Oakland came up to
take its wallops at the ball in round
eight. Kruger did not infuse any : en
thusiasm into the Oakland 'fans when
he cut three wide swaths In the atmos
phere. It looked a 'little better after
Moskiman. and Schlafley '"got on • the
bags — each by' rapping the ball gently
but firmly cru^ ".to- right field.
Along came Julie Strelb with an easy;
one- to the pitcher, forcing Moskiman
at third. That did not 100k so inviting
either, but Old Red Devereaux sneaked,
softly up to the rubber and landed
that ball out to left field on a llneJ. j
Schlafley tore avay from second and
came right to the plate. A good throw
would have nailed him for fair, but;
the throw was not good and, therefore.
the score was tied.. •
Streib- ambled around- to third on
this bingle and Brick stole second on
the first ball pitched to Francks. The
next one came sailing up loyely and
big;- ..Buck' liked it and shot it 'out past
Beplc 'Strelb and Devereaux trotted
in and then-it was really aH'over.
; Cooper pitched a grand game of ball,
though getting. hlt^Kard"^n*Bppts.
Tay Strelb started to play ehort, but
hurt Jiis. "j,.-)kle while fielding the first
bali hit.'. He retired and Buck Francks
went out to work. He saved the game.
In .the severith.r' after y Thielman had
doubled; to. the flagpole" and .arrived on
third ohDrennan's out, llcCreedle hit
a fly. directly over. Francks' head. It
was one of those balls that go for hits
In any man's league. Francks got one
mitt on- it and executed a catch that
made the people yell involuntarily.
The 'score:
Oakland — Portland— - '
AB.A. H, P.A.| AB.R. H. P.A-
Ganley.rf i3 0 0 10 Drnan.cf 5 110 0
Krugr.cf 4 11 2 1 McCde.rf 3 0 0 0 1
Mo«kn.i: 4 0 2 3 0 Kadau.lf 3 0 2 3 0
Echfly.2b 4' 14 3 2 Beck. 2b.. 4 0 13 5
J.Strib.lb 4 1 0 13 0 Fmclo.Sb 4 0 0 2 0
Devrx.3b 4.120 6Mrphy,lb 40061
Kranks.s 4 0 1 3 5 Schmer.s 4 0 110
Byrnes.c. 4 0 1 2 I'Shea.e 4 117 1
Cooper.p. 2 0 1 0 2 Thlman.p 4 0 3 2 3
T.Streib,s 0 0 000
Totals. 33 2 9 24 11
Totals. 33 4 12 27 17
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Pcrtland 0 0 1 l'O.O 0 0 0—2
Base hits if I 2 2 0 0 1 1 1—0
Oakland 1,0 0 0 0 0 0 3 x— 4
Base hits 21 0 1 2 2 0 4 x— 12
SUMMARY.
Stolen ¦' bases — Devereaux 2. Errors — T.
Strelb, Francks. Schlafley. Two-base hits —
Kruger Schlafley, Schmeer. Devereaux, Shea.
Thielman 2. Sacrifice hits — MeCreedle. Ganley.
First base on errors^ — Portland 1. First base
on called balls — Off Thielman 1. Left on bases
— Oakland 7, Portland 7. Struck out— By
Cooper I. by Thielman 7. Hit by pitcher —
Nadeau. Double play — Devereaux to Sohlafley
to Francks. Wild pitch — Thielman. Time of
game 1 hour and 50 minutes. Umpire — Hus
ton. '
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. | W. L. Pet.
Oakland 38 27 .585, Lo» Angeles. 36 31 .537
Tacoma 37 28 .569iS. Francisco. 30 35 .462
Seattle 34 29 .5401 Portland ....18 43 .286
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
The only breach of golf etiquette oc
curred during the afternoon, when a
few spectators applauded Travis' fail
ure in putting at the third hole. This
offense was Instantly hissed _y the ma
jority of those present. — s a rule the
American's brilliant game elicited
bur"ta of applause at almost every
hole. The large Scotch contingent was
the most ready to con. ie Travis' su
periority, even before the afternoon
round was started. Blackwell, after
the match, said to a representative of
the Associated Press: "Trav.. is a
great golfer. He deserved to win. I
was a trifle off my game di :ng the
morning and lost r veral holes I ought
to have won. The strain told oi me."
Travis must defend the championship
on this side next year. The Prestwick.
Ayr- "lire, course has been selected for
the contest.
The American found the wind dif
ficult and lost the tenth. The next two
were halved, and Blackwell ought to
have reduced his deficit to one at the
thirteenth. His putting, however, was
bad and he lost the hole. Thereafter
he never looked like drawing level, and
Travis finished the first round with
four up. His score by strokes was
eighty, Blackwell taking eighty-three.
Travis, throughout, gave the sam«
remarkable display of putting which
has gained him here the reputation
of being the finest exponent in the
world of the short game. He was never
in the slightest danger throughout the
tournament. The gallery numbered
about 500. Although their sympathies
were almost unanimously with Black
well, they could not refrain from ap
plause at Travis' brilliant game, and
the American's superiority over the
Scotchman was admitted, coupled with
expressions of regret that an older and
a more representative golfer was not
pitted against the American in the
final. About a score of Americans fol
lowed the game. The Britons extracted
some comfort from the fact that Travis
was born In Australia. The best feeling
was manifested on both sides, and the
winner wts heartily cheered.
BREACH OP ETIQUETTE.
L.OXDOX, June, 3.— Walter J. Travts
and E. D. Black^vell started to play the
final tie ot thirty-six "holes for the
amateur golf championship at Sand
wich to-day in a high wind, which
greatly affected the driving. Travis won
the first in five to six and, running
down one of his -long putts on the sec
ond green, became two up. Blackwell
missed a hard putt (or the third, which
was halved, and he lost the fourth,
where Travis holed out a long putt.
.The American also won the fifth by
getting down a fifteen-yard putt and
then missed a short putt for the sixth.
where he sustained his first loss. The
seventh was halved and Travis won tha
eighth, where Blackwell missed a five
foot putt. The Scotchman took the
ninth hole, where Travis drove into a
bunker. The American was three up
at the turn, his outward score approxi
mately being thirty-five strokes.
WIND PROVES PUZZLING.
He Is Pronounced by Spec
tators the Finest Expori
? ent of the Short Game
With Two Gone He Tears to
the Plate and Lands ,the
Tally That Ties Up Score
SCHLAFLEY'S BOLD EUN
TEAMS' GEEAT PUTTING
ST. LOUIS, June 3.— The entries for
to-morrow's races at Delmar track are
as follows:
First race, five furtarurs— Platoon 107, Joe
Kelly 107. Dameron 104, Franco 104, Howard
Vance 103.
Second race, thlrteen-slxteentns of a mile,
selling— Dr. Kier 115. Domlnla 114. Branch II
114, Moroni 112. Little Giant 112. Rena P 110.
Uranium 110. Frank Jones 1VJ, fian Dora 107.
Third race, six furlongs. ' eelltng-v-Tom KUey
108. Dan McCue 108. Klnc'Fox tl- 105, Matt
Wadleigh 106. Major Carpenter 105, LJIa - Noe!
103, . Bush Smith 103, Happy Hooligan 100,
Flrbane 100. Radium 98. = v.>
- Fourth - race; mil*, ana"- TlV'Orards. * the June
handicap — Dan. McKinna 10i», 101,
Lucian 100. Jack Young 100, Neversuch 9«,
Forehand 96, Bugler P5. Dave SOmmers 92.
(Jordan and Bugler. Hayes entry; McKenna
and Forehand. Bennett entry.)-.
Fifth race, thirteen-sixteenth* ' of • a mile,
selling — Echo Dale 11". Tlckful 114 ' Sid ' Sil
ver 112, Suave 112, Gen." Prig 100, -.Sting 107.
Caelana 105. - .. - .
Slxtn race, mile and a quarter, selling— Gas
Lighter 10«, Strader 105, ¦ iO2, Broodier'
102. Ira« 96.
Seventh race.' seven furlones. selling — Con-'
ondrum 10», Orphenm 100, ' Buccleuth 105, Vel
asquez 106. Dawson 100, Manias 08. Dolinda
87. Clear the Arena J>5.
Weather clear; track heavy. . :
DELMAR TRACK ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— One mile and twenty yards;
three-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % ' Fin.
3 to l— jerry Hunt, 108 (Austin). 1 1 10 1 12
15 to 1— Illuminate, 103 (McMulln) 6 3 7 2 2
6 to 1— Algonquin. 91 (Jenkins).. 3 2 8 3 7 ¦'
Time, 1:56. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. B. Schreiber-s b. g. (<5) by Servitor-Inno
cence. Plea 95, J. ReiCC 84. The Advocate 102
Escanaba 09. Jlngler 103, Graden 111. Dr. Cove
111. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; four-year-olde
and up; purse: . . ,~
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %' Fin.
6 to 1— Onanetta. 102 (Perkins)... 1 110 112
6 to 2— Satchel. 97 (Anderson). .. ..-4 2h 2 14
9 to 2— Nearest. 97 (Stovall). .. ; .. 7 63 3 4
Time, 1:25.' Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. B. RUey's b. m. (7) by Kosclus-Betty
Barry. Sue's Sister 105. Goody Two Shoes 100
Dottle Shute 100. Diana Fonso 97, Fugartha
102. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — One mile and twenty yards;
three-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
5 to 1— Potente, lOtj (Stovall).... 5 2 5 14
11 to 5— Behoove. 105 (Foley) 4 In 2 2
3 to 1— Exapo, P9 (Rice)....... .. 3 3 3 3 8
Time, 1:57. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. W. Harris & Co.'s b. g. (9) by Ralne-Pow
J\ow. Hart D 10S. First One 101. Clalea 1C8.
Lord Tennyson 90, Pyrrho 103, Hucena 106, fin
ished as named.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; purse; four
year-olds and up:
B-.tt'rg. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Faqulta. 102 (Wolff) 6 5 3 15
12 to 1— M.Wallace. 102 (Vltatoe) 2 1 2 2 n
5 to 1— Ethel Davis. 102 (Hoffm) 4 4 1 3 2
Time. 1:25H. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. B. Mitchell & Co.*« b. m: (5) by
Florist-Adverelty. Maghonl 100. Red Ola 107,
Venus Vlctrlx 102. Wlssendlne 102, finished aa
named.
SEC0ND RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
purse; two-year-clSs-
B K n . tln , ? ' J* on *- Weight. Jockey. St. * Fin.
6 to 2— \V lllowdene, 109 (Watsn) 116 14
• 3 to 1— Passive. 104 (PIunk»tt). 5. 42 2 5
JL° 1 ~ LittIe Florence, 85 (Rice) 6 2 2 3 4
Time.- 1:03. Start good. M'on galloping.
« Inner. Oats Bros 1 , ch. c. (2) by Goodrich-
Mary Graves. Viola Fatth 100, Our Mo 98,
pevince »8, Clara Forrester 100, Annabelle
Lee 95. Druggist 88. Inflammable 95. Soaya 101,
finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, June 3. — The races at
Delmar were run to-day in a heavy
downpour of rain and over a track
that resembled a canal. Even with
these bad conditions form. was. rea
sonably well sustained. The card was*
poor, but the bookmakers were~again
routed. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; purse; four
year-olda and up: ,¦¦¦'.. .
tl U 8r 'x. Hori<!> Wel *ht. Jockey. 6t. % Fin.
5^^"^*° Dora - 97 < H - Sly)... 8 42 12
i J° J— F'Tonla. 100 (Donegan). 13 1 2 14
7 to 1— Edith Bom. 100 (McLau) 6 1 143 it
n» n. :25 - Start *'**¦ Won e*»Hy- Wln-
Er V. RIce Bro "'- cl >. m. (8) by Rosalngton
"* »- ckl BIsuka 100. Spur Ma 100, Loca 102,
CreesWa 100. Marchione»» 100. finished as
CHICAGO, June 3. — Twenty-one
horses are carded to start to-morrow
in the Harlem National handicap, the
feature event to mark the reopening
of Harlem track. The day's entries
follow:
Fir«t race, seven furlones. purse — Gavlota
107. Beau Ormonde 110. Injunction 112, Stroller
105 Bragg 114. Gilfain 105, Bummer II" 106.
Mlndora 100, Sioux Chief 101, Talpa 105. Action
lOh. ¦ -
Second race, six furlongs, parse — Magic Flute
$8. Fred Leppert 08. Ananias 1C1, Irene Lind
say liff Shaw-ana 96, Nannie Hodge \i$. Elfin
King 1CS. Singing Master 90. Skilful 112.
ThtrU race, mile and three-sixteenths, th*
Harlem National handicap. J15.O00— Bragg 102.
Bondage !*>. Feline Lugo 90. McGee 105.
Colonial Girl 103. Flying Ship 107. Elliott 97.
Monsieur Beaucaire 100, Gregor K 101, Wltful
111 Potheen 99, Flylne Torpedo 103. Horatius
97 'Lord Badge t*6. Injunction 109, Deutschland
05* Flo Bob »<*. Dr. Stephens 99. Fonsoluea
100. Glassful 100. Judee Hime* 107.
Fourth race, one mile, three-year-olds, purse
{¦-,., .-. . ;<; ]O2 Foncasta 08. Moharib 105. Com
modore »S. Prince Silverwlngs W«. Flo Bob 102,
i-oufrirre *>S. Lor* Wadsworth 'J3.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs, two
vear-cMs. purre— Modr«dslaw 108. Londe 115.
Hawtrcy I*. Kurtxman 111. Belle of A*hland
VS. Pinkcrton 111. Useful Lady 101. Gold,
Framel 101. Gretchen Hope 95. Ma«rlc 104.
Jude lol. Rather Royal VS. The Mist 88, Her
' Sixth race, mile and seventy yards, selling—
Ta^cntd 109, Rough and Tumble 97. Peeper 05.
Bwset Tone 05, Thane 109. Mams«I]e 05, Mezzo
««. Ttlephone 95, Connor 106. Glorlosa 103,
Schoolmate 1X5.
Weather clear; track fart. \ .;» ¦- ,
HARLEM TRACK ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
old fillies: purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
16 to 5 — Peggy O'Nell, 115(Larsen)2 4 2 14
7 to 1— Broadway GirI.112(Knapp)5 15 2 3
18 to 5— Miss Jordsn. 100 (Kelly).. 4 3 4 32
Time. 1 :01 3-5. Start »oor. Won driving.
Winner, R. Smith's b. f. by King Wllllam-
Cleodora. Lillian A>res 100, Monocram 100,
Bologna 115. Massacre 105, St. Bonnie 105,
fir.lth"! aa named.
FIFTH RACE— Mile and an eighth; four
year-olds and ud: sclllrur.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. SI. -4 Fin
7 to 10— Harrison. 108 (Nicol) 4 3 3 124
3 to 1— Louisville. 101 (Aubuchon)3 1 142 n
» to 1— John McGurk.lO2(Lawrnc)5 2 243 10
Time. 1:55 2-5. Start srood. Won easily.
Winner. S. C. Wagner's br. c. (4) by Free
Knight-Military. Sarilla 101, Albany Girl 97,
finished aa named.
FOURTH RACE— Mile; three-year-olds and
up: purse.
BettlnR. HT*e. Weight, Jockey. St. K Fin.
1 to 4— Bad News. Ill (Kelly)... 1 12 11
12tol— Miss Crawford,SS(Lannon)5 2 5 2 34
9 to 1— Foresight. 102 (Lawrence)2 3 « 3 3
Time. 1:41. Start irood. Won easily. Win
ner. E. R. Bradley's br. g. (4) by Flying
Dutchman-Black Sleeves. Banter 105. D*r.
Stephens 112. Copper 102. finished as named.
Time 2:49 3-5. Start good. Won In a
canter. Winner. J. Fleming's ch. g. (7) by
Elkton-Llla Sears. Donarol 125, Miss Brandon
130. Martin Brady 138. finished as named.
Alma Girl 136 fell. Jack Boyd 12S. pulled up.
THIRD RACE — Steeplechase ihort course;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Bttting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
3 to 1— Dr. Nowlln. 145 (Boyle)... 4 12 1 G
4 to 5 — Fallella. 145 (Carter) 5 3 10 2 1 -
7 to 1— Snowdrift. 125 (Archbald). 12138
Time. 1:14%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, E. Corrigan"s b. f. by Artlllery-
S^anhllda. Durbar 104. Whoa Bill 110. Du»ky
10O. Mlmon 98. Freakman 100. Wenrick 114,
J. P. Mayberry 112, finished as named.
SECOND RACE^ — Six furlongs; three-year
olds; selling:
Btttlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
Even— A. Defcur. 102 (Lawrnce) 5 5 2 14
16 to 5— The Mighty, 112 (Kelly).. 4 43 24
S to I— Silent Water. 100 (Grnfld) 6 1 4 3 h
Dr. Xowlin was the best horse in
the Bteeplechase, and, after receiving
a perfect ride, won as his rider
wished. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting- Hors«. Weight. Jockey. St.. f 4 Fin.
5<> to 1— Garvlce, US t Prior) 8 11414
5 to 1— Palm Tree. 118 (Kelly).. » 10 h 2h
4 to 1— Tenn> burn, IIS (Haack). 1 4n 31
Time. :5>> 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner B L. DurneU'a b. c. by Wagner-
Fair Fortune. Swedish Lad 114. Midnight
Micitrel 111. The Trlfler 114, Lucius 114,
Bn«n 119. Bonnie Prince Charlie US. Arthur
Stlllwell 10*. Raymond K 114. Bert Osra US.
finished as earned.
CHICAGO. June 3. — Get-away day
at Hawthorne this afternoon drew a
good crowd to the races. ' The weather
was fine and the track fast. As three
favorites and two second choices were
among: the winners, the talent had de
cidedly the best of the bookmakers.
The feature of the day,, aside fro/n
the steeplechase, was the fourth race,
at one mile, for which Bad News was
made theodds-on favorite. He won
easily. ;'«
Winner Js Xeyer in Danger
of Losing Throughout the
-¦ Exciting Deciding Match
Oaklanders Lay Up Against
Jake Tliielman's Shoots in
Eighth and Settle Conflict
NETS' YORK. June 3. — Song and
TVir.e will carry top weight, 122
pounds, to-morrow at Gravesend in
the S12.500 Great American stakes for
two-year-olds. It is expected a field
of thirteen will start. The day's en
tries:
Flrrt race, six furlonrs. three-year-olds and
Ml', handicap— Mamie Worth 126. Lux Cagta
3J2. Armenia 114. Lady Amelia 112, Marjcram
3(*.' Gold Money IDS. Little Em 102. Sweet
Alice 100. AtMana 99. Woodshade 97, H«ather
<5c» n 30.
Second race, about two and a half miles.
Ju!l course, the Greater New York Steeplechase.
?our-year-«!ds and up — Caller 163. Judge Phil
1 pr 1ZS, The Rarred Cavajier 150. Flyinr
Vi-xfclan 144. Lee Ridley 140. Billy Ray 137,
The Vlrrinfan 154. Kumthav 13<>.
Third race, five furlongs, two-year-olda, the
Great American stakes. $12.500 — Seng and
Wine 122. Portsmouth 115. Richard Jr. 115.
Thv Claimant 115. Jake Banders 115.•Amber
jack 115. Ton^order 115, Stimulant 115, Jack
••aff 115. Vladivostok 115. Britisher 115. La
B*-!> <iatien 112. Ball and Peppef 112.
Fourth rfcee. one and a sixteenth miles.
t!;ree-year-c.!d£. the Broadway stakes — Hig-hball
12«. <">rthotlox 121 Montreson 121. Bryn Mawr
31*. I'oeEerslon 113. Pentaur 111. Tomcod 111,
Dolly fcpasker 111. Wotan 111. Flammula l'^>.
Fifth race five fuiioBBS. two-year-clda. eell
ln^—Torchello 10T. Brushton ltW. Sylvanite 106.
Crush Up 104. Del Coronado 104. Chanticleer
1<* Charles T. Ncland 102. Handalice 1C2.
Oraylad 1C2. FJreball 105. Chippie Thorpe I»9.
Vasmr Girl 99. Mlas Bryant VJ. Jerry C 97,
Laura 8S. Eandy Andy W, Suzanne Hocamora
M, Tyrolean 94.
£4xth race, one and a sixteenth rn!le«. three
y*ar-old» and up. selling — Sheriff Bell 11*5.
*tjyv* 115. Bardolph 111. Carroll D 10H. Dark
F"*anet 104. Embarras*ment I OH. Alack 101,
TT'.la Enyder 101. PJlver I>ays 101. Pa«et 101.
The Rival lftf. Sir Roche On. Tomcod »«.
Nlrntte JMJ, Monaflnock 91. Judge Denton b8.
Weather cloudy: track heavy.
GRAVESEND ENTRIES.
Tine. I :M 3-5 Pt — t fulr. Won driving,
oheloea F:*t>I«'« hlk. m. bv Pessura-
T^n D. Patsronlan. Ptepawar. KlIHIea. Tom
L«w«"n, Air Fhin. Mutiny. Grantsdale, M»in
rh «. : Hettv'G. R-vJcmart. Belie Claire; Trou
vijl*. Carftola. ftn!«>*tl as named.
PrXTH RACE— Or.* and a sixteenth miles
Tnsia*n three-year-olds and up: spllinir:
T*'{t!rc. Hcr*e. WeirM. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
11 toS — The Cricket. 1TO fHlldbd) 1 1 4 1 1
Util- TUnoklvRlte 112 <nminan) 9 Rl 2 2
• t« 1— Kt. G»tlen. IU mi'-ks»...I5 6h 3 16
FrFTH RACE— Five furloni*: two-year
*"'<!*; pur**:
Benin*. Horw, Weirht. Jockey. St. «£ Fin.
4 to 5— Blandv. 157 lO'N'elll) I 1 141 1
4«tol— A. Allen. 10S (Ba'.lmr).. 3 21 2h
2^ tr> 1— Arr.berjack. 1«7 <O' Conor) 4 4h 33
Tln-.e. 1 :03 3-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. N. Pecr.inrton'B ch. e. by Hastlncs-
BeUn'Ia. Ari'e. Martha German. Chief MI1M-
V««n. K«k ! I '"•-•ureilman. Maximilian. La Belle
Gatlen. flni»>ni as rained.
FOURTH RACE— About six furlonrs: three
vear-olds: the May Selllrt stake*:
Bettins;. Hcrse. Welrtt. Jockey. St. *» Fin.
S to 1— John F. 1OS trtuUman) 2 13 134
« to 1— Seymour. 96 <Traver» J 3 2 h 2 5
2 t<. 1— Dick Bernard, ins (Shaw). 6 3132
Time. 1:12. Start rood. Won easily. Win
ner. J. B. Holland"? b. c. by Stissy-Australian
Gold. Steelmaker. Major Pelham. Xlskavuna,
Rob Rry. Mi»*ln«; Link. Champlain, Bob Mur
pky. Glad Smile, finished aa named.
THIRD RACE— Mile and a quarter; handi
cap; tfcree-yrar-cMs and up:
F««:nir Horse. Weight. Jockey. F*. *i Fin.
3S to !i — Brtr*nd. 8.; (Hilde brnd) 3 3 4 1 \
«to 1— Ill>Tia. f>2 <D.O'Connor) 1 1 h 21
11 to 2<V_ AndyWtllUm«.113 fHIg) 4 4 3 3 12
Tlrar-, 2:11 3-5. Ptart rood. Won easily.
¦Winner. J. Galwray's ch. e. by Belvldere-
Uvtmi*. Ethics and Ruby Rlnr finished as
ramed.
SECOND RACK— Five end * half furton«»:
*ell!ns; two-) ear-old*:
B-ttir.tr. Hctw. We-.irht. Jockey. Pt. «i Fin.
12 to 1— Ik» S. 108 inu!'.T.»r.)... 8 11 1 34
2tol— Cm-1& F~.e\iT H'T (Lyne).. 1 2 H 1* 'i
3t->l— Nnra LUrht, K4 (II Coch) 3 1 143 2
Ttae. 1:10 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
"W!r.n<T. L. P Watt'* b. c. by Esber-ThLsble.
Tlecreo. Rubric. Jur.rle. Imp. First Born.
Esterre. Queen Ora and Fear Water finished
BS r.p. - • :
Hlldebrand was on Jack Ratlin, and
both in this and in subsequent races
showed he knew how to take the
shortest way home. In the first race,
however. Hildebrand was alleged to
have ridden Cormack, who had .the
mount on Lord of the Valley, into the
rail and so injured the boy's left foot
that he was forced to give up the
mount on Ike S. which won the sec
ond race. It would have been Cor
mack'e first winning mount at this
meeting and his friends were provoked
over his hard luck. Hildebrand was
cautioned by the stewards. Summary:
FIRST RACE— About six furlongs; handl
«f fcr all are*:
Bcttln?. Hots*'. Weight Jockey. St. \ Fin.
? to 5 — Shotgun. 12C <Odom> 4 1 mi b
* to 1— Jack Ratlin. 100 «.Hi!d.») 2 4 2 2«
4tol— Klnr Pepper. JOS <Shw). 3 2 1H3 6
Time. 1:11 3-5. etart tair. Won driving-.
Winner. W. B. Jer.nlne"s' b. c- by Artlllery-
Frlnoekr Noreth. Fire Eater. - Monte Carlo.
Lord of the Valley and Reliance finished as
earned.
NEW YORK. June 3. — Many dis
tinguished persons saw the racing at
Graveser.d to-day. Shot Gun reveled
in the soft going for about five fur
longs and then began to stop 8O fast
that It required all of Odom's best ef
forts to get him home a head in front
of Jack Ratlin, which is also a good
mud horse.
HildebraiuTs Horsemanship
Is Highly Praised by the
Critics of Racing.
Races at Delmar Track Are
Bun in a Downpour
of Bain.
Dr. Xowlin Is Best in
Steeplechase at Hawthorne
and Wins Handily.
SCOTS APPLAUD
THE AMERICAN'S
CLEVER PLAYING
TIMELY BINGLES
BUST THE HOPES
OF PORTLANDERS
ODOM'S VIGOROUS RIDE LANDS SHOTGUN
FIRST AT WIRE, BEATING JACK RATLIN
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SATURDAY, JUNE 4, 190*.
The Big Boilermaker Will Hive ;o M: ke Up fo H.s Holi
day, as His Careful Trainer I- fg \\ on th Ground
Champion Is Famous Shot Wiih R (1 -.Says DickAdims
JEFFRIES ENJOYS A DAY OFF
IN THE ABSENCE OF DELANEY
TRAVIS, THE AMERICAN GOLFER, WINS ENGLISH CHAMPIONSHIP
JEFFRIES. WITH HIS TRUSTY RIFLE. AT THE FOOT OF ONE OF THE LAKE
COUNTY MOUNTAINS IN SEARCH OF BIG GAME. FROM A RECENT PHO
TOGRAPH BY DANA & PETERSON.
.When a girl is ashamed to know any.
thing, she wouldn't "be if nobody else
knew she knew it.
A woman's best years are those she
forgets to count In confessing her age.
LONDON, June 3.— Pretty Polly won
the Oaks stakes, of 5000 sovereigns at
the - Epsom summer, -meeting.;, to-day.
Bitters was second and Fiance came
In third. Four horses ran.
Pretty Polly Wins the Oaks.
11
STEEL SCISSOKS
FREE TO CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISERS.
IN SUNDAY EDITION.
Like Our Circulation, These
Premiums Are High-Class.
The SUNDAY CALL has over
85,000 . circulation, principally
to the homes; a QUANTITY
and QUALITY that ASSURES
ACTUAL. RESULTS.
Gifts siren to-day for Sunday
• WANT ADS.the . san Francisco' call, ' Saturday, 'June 4, 1004.
12
THBjygALL
•JOHN D. SPKIXKKLS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN* McXACGHT. . . ... : . .Manager
•W. J. MARTIN B^5L g .f? ang g er
TEX DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Offloe IT Yon Miss
Your Pai>er.
IT for any cause THE CAUi 1« not de-
livered resTilarly to «ab«criber» please
call VL? "CAM. EXCHANGE" and notify
Subscriptioa Clerk In chirye. Tour com-
plaint will receive prompt attention.
A •taadiar reward of Tea Dollaw
(S10.00) 1» offered for tlie arrert and
conviction of aay one caorht eteallnff
THE CALL.
TELEPUONE-
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department *ou
PvbMeatlon Of flee Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Ct*. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 «¦•
Terms by Mali. Including Postage icash Wltn
Order) : _„ rVl
I5AILT CALL (laclud. Sunday). 1 year. . . .?»«0
DAILY CALL Onclud. Sunday). 6 mos... 4.W
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •;«
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year *•**
"WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year • 10 °
f Dai:y...*S.S0 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN J Su -4»y. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. I Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
h 12^
6arr.pie Coulee »ill be forwarded when re-
quested.
• Mail subscribers m enteric* change ofaO-
tfrctis thouid be particular to give botn >fc.w
AND OLD ADDKESS in order to Insure a
protspt and correct compliance m-ith tnelr re-
«ueft-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telej hone Mala 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: '
.214S Cecter Street Telephone Nortb 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
. Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Union Sguart; Murray 11:11 Hotel; Fifth-ave-
cue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Houte; P. O. News Co.: Great
"Northern Hotel: Treraont House; Auditorium
Uctei: Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS-.Marquette Building
•_ Circus Distance Telephone. "Central 26l».">
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATIVTE:
FXEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Brian
ETPrNESS OFFICE of th# Ran Fraoelsco
Call, ccrner Market and Third streets; opea
vrtU 12 e'einrk every nieht la U»e year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; opes aatll
. II p. m.
t27 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open
until 3:ao p. in.
e«i Hayes etreet: open nntll 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister Etreet; cpen until »:30 P- m.
•US Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
•1MI M:«:cn street; open until 10 p. m.
lid Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
urtn 9 p. m.
ICC Eleventh street; cpen ontn » p. m.
JOWS Valencia etreet; cpen until > p. m.
*«crtheaet corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 0 d. m.
Ncrthwe«t ccrrier of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky etreets: cpen until 9 p. m.
X200 Flilmcrc street; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL raoserlben ccatemplattiir •
cfcaare of residence dorlar the rammer
-most** can have their caper forwarded
by mall to their sew address by notUy-
iar THE CALL Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by » local
exeat In ell towns on the coast.
MEETING NOTICES.
CRAFTSMEN'S Club meeting THIS c
(SATURDAY) EVENING at 7:30
o'clock. Msronic Temple. All Master
Masons Invited '
r HOD. G. GUTETT. Secretary.
HALL of Fidelity Lodge No. 120. F. «
and A. M.— Funeral Notice — Officers > vSf
and members are requested to be pres-
em at Masonic Temple at 9 a. m.
SUNDAY, the T.th Inst.. 'or the purpose of
conducting the funeral wrenionles of our late
brother. HENRY SIMON, thence to Odd
fellows' Cemetery. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1C3. r7«nd A. m! q
—Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) xA#
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First de- ,A/\
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec. *
OFFICERS ard members of Damon
Lodge No. 2, K. of P.: You are
r*-»3ucfct«-d to meet at the Castle Ty*^
Hall on SATURDAY, Jur.» 4. at 1 Jjg3£_
)¦. m.. to attend the funeral of our -«5i>"^
df?e?,sed brother. GEORGE J. RENNICK.
/l:y_o!der F. H. DANTON, C. C.
OFFICERS and members of the »
Bervian- Montenegrin L. and li. firA
Society: You are all requested __>/-*V
to assemble at cur hall. MO frJZT'J^yQ
Market sU. SUNDAY. June 5. at BK*fcf?S
£ o'clock a. m. sharp, to par- H^Wt^Tja
tlf-i;,ate in the march to the ferry EgyflRgcjl
tiepot of our 21th annual picnic, \M*S&fV
•which will be held at ttu'na
Vista ' Park, Sau*a!Uo. The
society will leave on the 9:15 a. m boat.
Purchase your boat tickets at the Sausallio
ferry depot. Admission to the park 25c
J. E. KUKAVIZA. President.
II. J. BTANISICH, life. Sec.
MEMBERS of Court Justice No. 16. F. of
A. : You are h« reby notified to meet at
First and Market ets. SATURDAY EVEN- '
ING. June 4. at 7:30 o'clock sharp and
march with parade of the Foresters' carni-
val, -which will I*? held at Eleventh and
Uarket ets. By order of
R. EL HANCOCK, C. R.
H. LEOPOLD. Kin. Sec.
THE! California Debris Commission having
received application to mine by hydraulic
I-rocers from Gr-orpe E. Waggoner and David
Upton in Telegraph mine, at Indian Dig-
Cir:gs. El Dorado County, Cal., draining into
Indian Diggings Creek, which reaches Co-
Fumne* River, gives nctice that meeting will
be held at room 9*5. Flood building, San
Francirco. Cal.. June 20. 1904. at 1 :30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
WE wast 2 experienced canvassers at once;
city and country; new goods; liberal terms.
The Oatine Co.. 121 Geary st., room 721.
12 AGENTS for Foresters' Carnival; big money
for hustlers. Call 1612 Market St.. room 2a,
from 3 to 5 P. ro.
ATTO11.\ K VS-A 1 -LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
tee me and «ave money; no ray In advance.
G. TV'. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
I>tabH»hed 22 yrs.; rm*. 1. 2. 3. 4 St ft.lst n..
1122 Markt-t rt., between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matter*. Detectives employed.
n. Wi KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg .
€th floor; entrance room Cll; established 20
yeans; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. lied 3(J01.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12! quick, quiet; advice
free: all law business; no charge unless sue-
c**-8ful; open evenings. B27 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs S12; no feea or
costs in advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market at., r.33.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity; advice
free: costs $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 21D9, 8.F.
L 6. CLARK. 02? Market St.; consultation
fr*»: no 1m m advance: open »T»ninirs.
AUTOMOBILES.
ONE of the best makes of automobiles on the
market for sale; latt model. Address bos
eil. Call office. 1 .
WANTED — Electric automobile Jn flrst-clasa
condition. Address, with description and
lowest price, box €71. Call office.
A1TTOMOBILE for eaje; gasoline power; only
teen ured 3 month* Box O3. Call office,
FOR sp.le — A steam automobile in flrst-class
running order. Box 712, Call office.
C70O CADILLAC automobile tor eale; good as
new. Box 1C1. Call office.
EMALL automobile for sale; almost new. Box
175. Call office. .
PIEHCE eiotoretta. € borsepewer. tor sale. 3ox
iS-» Call office.
CARPET BEATIKG AND CUBAJTIXQ.
COMPRESSED Air and J^acuum , Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on
floor without removal; carpels and >rug* are
alto cleaned by compressed air at shop;
prices moderate. S. F. Compressed Air
-Cleaning Co., 3CS Market »C; phones Main
152 and : Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st., clean-
ing £ laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
233 Golden Gate »ve. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 14U2 Howard :tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
ertascnable. 170:: Harrison ft.: tel.Mission 2GX
. COTTACKS TO LET.
$17 — 5-ROOM cottage on ! Cottage row, near
Webster, bet. Sutter and Bush. Inquire 7.
DKVriSTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break:
warranted 2O yrs.: crown. $:s 50; fillings. 50c:
i-hiU'C. $5; full set: all work palnttss anl
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. • LvTDLUM HILL. 141:: Market.nr.Eieventn
— No charge for extracting wh»n plates are
made: o!d plates made over like new: teeth
from $S per set; .extracting f>Oc: gas given.
ARTHUR CHI5HOLM. s-irgeon-dsntlst.r.l4.1st
floor, Phelan bid., SCO Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crown»,?2 up; flllins3.25c.
FREE .examination with chart at the new
York Dentists. UW Mission St.. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 7-"c: silver. "5c: crowns. $2: no
rain: open S;imlays. Dr.O.B.IIewltt.204 Suttr.
j... t- x • t.'\t-k ;..,. » % \,> >K V >.•» 1 rt K>>K»
ACCORDION, sunburst and knife-plaiting,
Stewart's button ai:d buttonhole factory. Ill)
Taylor ¦<».; tel. Fc'.som 2121. •*¦ "
McUOWKLL Dressmaking ftMIIlln-ry School—
Pattfrn* cut to measure; eve. class. 101!» Mkt.
KIH£\TJi'NAL.
AT home In o'Jr n?w (;uart»rs. the largest, best
lighted ur.'i mon delightful place ut business
. study in the fntire W'tst. New, complete,
«txten.<ve dtpartnunts. Thorough, inspiring
instruction 75-rase catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, 001-
025 Cclflen Gate ave.
A BIGGER rchocl than ever. On June 1 we
move to n#w fireproof building, 73S Mission
•t.. near Third. More :.u*ice, finer rooms,
tetter light. Finest In the West. Come and
*ee. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE, now at
1238 Market ft. .'
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
languages, telegraphy. Kng:i.->h branches; day
# and night ee«?ion?; Illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1433~Ma7-
kct. guarantees' positions to graduates: Plt-
¦ man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $8 mo.
ATKKS. the lending business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established IN years; special discount
during month of June; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mlner&EIectriclty.24 Post
- st.. S. F. : a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING — Adults. Mon. and Frl. evgs; juve-
nile*. Sit. 2 to 5: prlv. lestons daily. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mln.. mech., «ur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Huiton. nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of oflcial court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1342 Market; catalog-
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand, etc.. $4
vao. Western Bu.«lne«« College. 1107 Market.
GUITAR mandolin ' and piano. - $3 per mo. ;
mandolin club, $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
KM I'LO YMK.vr OFFICES.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell St.; tel. Main 3752.
GRAND — Japanese and Chinese employment
office-. 415 Stockton st.: tel. Grant 183.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kln-i» help. 315 Stocktcn^M^lnJSls^
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY Sc CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOV.1IEXT WANTED- -FEMALE.
A FRENCH girl wants a nurse's place at $20 a
month; has good references; a French seam-
stress and maid wants a place, $25 to $30.
For particulars, write or telephone MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
COMPETENT woman, good cook, would like
housework; city or country. Apply 1411
Baker st.
YOUNG lady would like position for 2 weeks
or permanently; would prefer tp act as second
assistant: $7 per week. Box/»18, Call, v ,-.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wants poeltion; ho-
tel or resort. 324 Mason st.. phone Black
23U0.
YOUNG lady, Just arrlv-d frcm old country,
good cock ami seamstress, wants position t-3
working housekeeier. jZl Vj Minna st.
A COMPETENT color^i lady wants work by
day, week or month; stay at home nights.
5 Bernard st.
AN elderly lady would like position to do plain
housework. 7C THden st., corner Fifteenth.
GIRL wants a position to do second work.
4322 Mission st.; phone Capp 21S.
TRAINED nurse (years' experience) wishes
permanent vK;!»itl<?n ; lady or children; un-
derstands entire care: excellent housekeeper;
btamstrcss; best city references; city cr coun-
try; terirr, $30 to $33 monthly. Address
P. O. box 24516, S. -F.
REFINED, educated lady would like a poeltion
as companion to invalid lady. city, country
or travol; will perform light household du-
ties or sewing. MRS. A. D., 14 Beaver st.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a place as nurse
girl: only s months from Sweden; wages $13
at first; Mission preferred. 2t&0 Folsom st.
A YOUNG lady of respectable family desires
« position aa companion. Address B. W.. Call
office. Alameda.
ELDERLY lady wishes position as housekeep-
er, city or country. 139 Fifth st., between
Howard and Mission.
: WANTED — By a young sShool teacher of expe-
rience, a position as private tutor to adult.
Terms moderate. Box 607, Call office.
SWEDISH woman wants work by the day.
cleaning, washing, etc; $150^per day. 02
Ninth at. ¦
SEWING by the day; gocd fitter; shirt waist
suite made in a day: $2 a day. 36A Eighth.
A WOMAN wishes work* by the day. 24 Camp
St., xbetween ¦ Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation. Call at 1022 H
Folsom st. ¦"¦'.¦J*-
YOUNG woman want* place as dishwasher In
restaurant. Apply DIG Harrison st.. room 7.
A JAPANESE woman wants a posltlcn at gen-
eral housework in a small family; sp«aks
good English. S. M., 5.15 Jessie st.. city.
1 JAPANESE whoolglrl wishes position in small
family. Address M.. 353 Geary st.
; ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Brunch of flee. cor. Duncan & Church sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tb«
Call at Knton> Bazaar. (23 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALKL
COACHMAN— Situation wanted by single
Swede, Just arrived from"" the East; 4 y_ears
in last place; understands the care of horses,
cows.. and grounds; good references. Box
4S0. Call office.
MACHINIST, and engineer, middle age, wen
posted in building, ¦ repairing and running of'
up-to-date woodworking machinery wishes '
, employment with large factory or sawmill 1
Box 47S. Call. .-.-. -¦;.-¦¦'.¦ . :,.
A SITUATION wanted in private place by a
flrat-class horseman and driver (aged 27)
city or suburbs; attend gardens, etc.; thorl
oughly competent In every respect; excellent
references. ¦ Box 307, Call office.
WANTED— Position by a flrst-claes coachman
gardener and all around man (German)- no
ob ection to country; best of references. Box
470. Call of flee.
A MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horses
and tools, wants light work; no milking; $io
per month if good home. H. W., 241 Natoma.
YOUNG man wishes a position as painter.
- E. C. 810 Turk st. . "
ENGINEER wants position In city or country*-
married and best of references.- Box 463, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
A TEMPERANCE coachman, gardener, caa
milk desires work, private family: good ref-
erences if required; state wages. 1C0A Eddy
st.. room 7. - ___^____^_^_
DRAFTSMAN, young Norwegian, with good
education. 5 years' experience, would like to
show his references to interested parties with
a view to getting a position. Box 531. Call.
SINGLE middle-aged American, cock and gen-
eral help, small family; Alameda or subur-
ban: no horses. Address box 538. Call.
A YOUNG man having a few idle hours in th»
day would like light work of some kind.
44*»ii Natoma st.. middle flat.
STRONG boy, 18. wishes position to drive a
team. Box BID. Call office.
A PRACTICAL German gardener and florist
wants to take charge of a good private place;
city or country; best of references. Address
F. H.. 1S11 Halght st.
RELIABLE general caretaker and gardener
(German) wants position; private place; best
of references. Box 4t"5, Call. .
POSITION wanted hy experienced man as foot-
man: thoroughly understands care of horses;
private family. Box 4CS. Call.
RUSTLEP. desires situation as outside sales-
man or collector; salary or commission. Box
COO, Call office.
Paicter paper-hanger, slgnwr'.ter, wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom st. ; phone Mint 131.
CHINESE private family cook; good references.
LOUIS CHOW, 322 Commercial H.
FLATS TO 1JST. '
AAA— HOUSE RENTING " DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department; over looo
In number: a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to flad a.
place; we never fall: service tree.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
' OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — BOUSES and flats to let: aa immense list;
service abe-oluiely free; take advantage of
this department; It will uvt you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-23J
Geary st., on the square.
NEW t> and 7 room flats: sun al! day: 1 blocle
north of Market et. 157 to 163 Noe it., sear
Henry.
NOE, 1054. cor. Elizabeth — B eunny rooms;
new; yard, basement: convenient to Twenty-
fourth and Castro cars: reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 1041— To let. 5 rooms and bath,
partlj- furnished, or will sell: rent cheap.
FIRST. 314 — Flat 6 sunny rooms; rent $20.
LARGEST«llst of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
LOWER flat of 3 rooms, 13104 Larkin. In-
quire 1320 Larkin St.
LYON. 7:54. near McAllister — Elecant sunny
upper flat: 6 rooms and bath.
MISSION. 2948—9 rooms, bath, sink and wash-
room; $27 50.
STEINER. 1325. corner Ellis— Flat S rooms,
etc.; partially furnished; rent only $23.
FLATS TO LET— KCH.MSMED.
NEW flat: 0 rooms; desirable location. Call at
727 Hyde St.. near Poet. 3 to 5 p. m.
FURNISHED flat. 7 rooms and attic; furniture
free. 11 1C Ellis St.; phone Steiner 243.
BEAUTIFUL. 4-room flat, completely fur. hse.-
kpnc; piano; no children; $23. 332 Hayes.
FLAT* FOR SALK—KtKXHHBO.
SEVEN-ROOM flat; new furniture; rent HO:
water free; sunlight all rooms; will sell this
week for $450; a sacrifice; worta W00. 112*
Fillmcre st.
BARGAIN — 2 flne 5 and 9 rooms and bath flats;
$f.C<)0: all conveniences. SOS Lombard st.
TAYLOR 624. corner Sntter — 8- room flat; «ua-
ny: rent (15; clears $33; price $530.
fr'CKMTLKt: tutt SALE).
ANDERSON Auction House at 13 Turk St.. nr.
Market, for furniture and everything for th*
house at lowest prices.
FOR rale — A flne large davenport, about new;
cost $S3; will sell for one-half. Box 301. Call.
FURNITURE for sale; $73 worta for $7 30
down and $1 30 per week. BRILLIANT'S.
S46> Post St.. near Powell. " '
FUHNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 433 Valencia, nr. 16th. Tel. Churca 3879
FURNITURE of 3 rooms for sale. Box 340.
Call office.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale cheap. 23
Fourteenth «.
FOR. sale — 2 oak bedsteads; excellent springs;
bed lounge, etc; almost new. 40S Larkin.
CHEAPEST place In city for second-hand fur-
niture. 986 Geary st. Tel. Polk 1477.
FlKMUllE WAMEIl.
__________ ™_™
Salesroom. 1133 Market st. Tel. Jessie 7ft.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur^
niture. carpets, etc 782 Mission; tel. Bush 413.
IIKLf WAMED-KEMALE.
WANTED — Second girl, assist laundry. $25;
second girl, $25; nurse, Oakland. $20: nurse,
city. $25; cook, small bfearding-house, $;:3;
2 German or Scandinavian chambermaids,
rooming-house, 920: German cook for lama
place. $25. no wash; girl for housework, 2 in
family, Sausallto. S3O: we have some very
nice housework situations at $23; call early.
J. F. Cr.OSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
WANTED — German or Scandinavian cook, $39.
no wash: also first-class nurse. $30. f>-r
sam* family, near Oakland. See J. F.
CROSETT &. CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — Waitress, $25; also a chamber-
maid, wait dinner, same Blace. resort. $25:
waitress for Shasta Co.. $25: 4 restaurant
waitresses. $S to $10 a week. J. F. CROSETT
St CO.. 3:14 Sutter St. .4
A — FIVE waitresses, also chambermaids, fop
first-class summer resort: $23 each. Call
early. MIS3 PLUNKETT. 423 8utter st..
near PowelU
HOTEL GAZETTE, 28 Montgomery St.. r. 12 —
4 chambermaids, $20 and $23; 2 waitresses,
$20 Jnd $25. ¦
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to 2
In 2 weeks; $3 to those enter ins now; 3 po-
sition, to nil immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girl to learn millinery now for spring s*a-
rcn; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers.
salesladle;.etc. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening cliss. 143 Stockton it., r. IX
A— LADIES, learn all branches halrdressln*
trade, manicuring, massage, etc.; positions
secured at htsrhest wages; day and eve. claas-
es: thor. system. Removed to 133 Powell st.
LADIES make money at home; $2 per day
easily, send 23c silver Jf you mean business;
remittance refunded en first day's work.
SHELLEY CO.. 313 West Second at.. Los
Angeles. Cal. £
HOUSEKEEPER and manager wanted in pri-
vate houre: French or German only: must
b« a cood s:wer and mender and have ex-
cellent referencn; S4O. Box 538, Call office.
WANTED — Young lady experienced in bock-
keeping. NATHAN-DOHRMANN COM-
PANY. 124 Butter st.
WANTED— Girl to assist housework: plain
cooking: 4 in family; good home; wages $13.
' Call forenoons. 251 Scott at.
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between O and 11 a. in. at HALE BROS'.
RELIABLE person to care tor home during;
owner's absence; references. Box 522. Call.
WANTED— Girl for second work and waiting;
wages $25. Apply 4tS9 Ellis st.
TWO lady canvassers at once; new goods; lib-
eral terms; city and country. The Oatine.
Co.. 121 Geary St.. room 721.
A LADY as bookkeeper and cashier in a re-
tail business; reference. Box 491, Call.
FIRST- CLASS hairdressers and manicurers
wanted. Apply at COSGROVE'3. 110 Geary.
WANTED— Dressmakers and apprentice. 12t
Post it., room 43. v •
A PROFITABLE out ins; pick hops In August.
Write E. Clemens Horat. 122 Battery at.. 3. F.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on pants wanted. Call
at 1313 Van Ness ave.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan * Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the racepUoa*
of advertisements and subscription* has beea
op«ned at 100S Marlttt at., . opposite Fifth.
Opea until 11 5. m.
ASTHMA JE1CTPT.
A Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves lnstant-
ly: 10c. 20c. 60c 1002 Market. St. Nicholas.
UOAIIUI.NG FOK CHILDKEX.
WANTED — By an experienced woman, an In-
fant to board. Inquire at 212 Seventh st.
FRENCH boarding for children. MRS.
GUXTY, 663 Pine st.
Bl'SIM£SS t'HASCES.
A $1100 CORNER grocery and bar on choicest
location of Devii>adero st. must be sold at
once on account of death In family; leaae;
rent $37 50; a tplendld ana rare chance. See
K. G. WILKE. 20 Vi Kearny at. :
A — $2250- CORNER taloon on Montgomery St.;
eftab. many vears; rent $S5: lease; a gsod-
payins place and well advertised. Call K.
G. WILKE. 2<Ma Kearny^
A $21100; ROADHOl'SE! Roadhcuse'. Road-
house: With IS furn. rooms; rent $40; Ua.-e;
a firEt-clats paying resort. See It. G. WILKE,
L'liVs Kearny st.
A— ?SCO; CORNER saloon; rent $20; a splendid
location in the Mission; place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKE,
26^ Kearny et. ' -
A— $500; SALOON, vicinity Third and Bran-
nan sts.; established years; rent $40. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26 Kearny st.
A — $1600; SALOON In wholesale district; vl-
ctti'A y of Sansome st. ; place established 20
years; doing a cood business; rent $50. See
R. G. WILKE. 26li Keearny at. .
A— $3100; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St.. vicinity of
California: place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. Bee R. G.
WILKE, 26\4 Kearny St.
A— $450; BARBER shop; 3 chairs; best location
In the Mission; rent JIB. See R. G. WILKE.
26 '* Kearny st^ '
A (3000 HOTEL in San Rafael: 21 rooms, bar
parlor and dining room; a well established
place; good furniture and a v bargain. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26 »4 Kearny st. >
A— $700; RESTAURANT opposite Golden Gat©
Park; tent $25; good business; clearing about
$150 p<r month. See R. G. WILKE. 2UH
KeamT st.
A— $2500; SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
k«t tt.; low rent; good lease; elegant fix-.
tures and a first- class paying business. Call
R. O. WILKE. -'OH Kearny et.
A— $250; BOTTLE beer route; well established.
See R. G. WILKE. 2CK Kearny »t.
A— $2750: CORNER saloon on Market St.. in-
cluding 7 rooms; rent $100; return rents $S0;
lease; a first-class location and well estab-
lished place. See R. G. WILKE. 2t>% Kear-
ny Et.
A— $«C0 — CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; tl&ce estab. years, with steady
and trancient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 28%
Kearny Et.
A— DRUGSTORE — drugstore— drugstore; price
$4500: established '_'7 years; lease 6 years;
rent $00; one of tbe best paying stores In thla
city; owr.tr to retire Call It. G. WILKE.
26 hi Kearry wl :*- ¦'
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooinr, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds,
gocd furniture, lpace, place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26 V4 Kearny et.
A — $—.00; DAIRY depot and route; dally sales
Jo cans; S hcrses 4 wagon*, etc.; most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owner 15
>e&rc; a sood-pttylng investment. Call It. G.
WILKE. 2«S^ Kearny st.
A— $350; branch bakery and delicatessen
ttore with 4 rocms; rent $25; flne location;
good business, tee R. G. W1LK1E, I'tib
Keamy at.
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton cts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished yean; flrct-clazs business. Call K. G.
WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st
A— CAMERON £ CO. Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell. .
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
BEAUTIFULLY located rummer rescrt: flne
groves; 36- room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay, vegetables; nil
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year; equity In
this $J5C0; death in family cause of tale.
CAMERON &. CO.
FOR sale — Well-furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; flne chance for
cummer outing; also for winter shooting and
flt-hing; all modern conveniences; new, one
year, price $2200 complete. CAMERON ft
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent; 6% years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners in city; do-
ing fine business; other Interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON Sc CO.. 8 Eddy.
For sale or trade — Quartz mine; flne prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale, or will trade — 6 acres Inside city
limits; one of best Interior cities in Califor-
nia; hous«, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
roomine-hous-i- price $4000. CAMERON it
CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; rent
$::0; clears $U0 to $100 per month; price $500,
must sell on account other business. CAM-
ERON Si CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR nale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools,
etc.; full investigation and trial given; re-
tiring from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3
Eddy Et.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO.. phone red 4845.—
Headquarters fcr saloons, hotels, lodging-
houses, furniehed flats, bakeries, barber
shops, delicatessen. 31S Kcarny st.
J1100—FINE safoon; no more, no less; 3 years'
lease; rent $50; can sublet for $53: 10 rooms;
Inventories more than price. BERG ARM-
STRONG CO., 318 Kcarny st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cash business; will stand
investigation; receipts over $1000 per month;
net profits over $200; only $3000 required.
Exclusively Berg, Armstrong Co.. 318 Kearny.
BUTCHEP. shop clearing $100 per month must
be sold at a sacrifice; owner going East. II.
¦ O. MEHRTENS. Railroad ave.- and Webster
St.. Alameda.
RESTAURANT worth $250 will be sold for
$100. H. S. MEHRTENS, Railroad ave. and
Webster Et.. Alameda. •
MANUFACTURING house in Los Angeles
want*- thoroughly competent man to manage
San Francirco branch; salary $100; fnvegt-
m*-nt of $30CO required. Address F. U.
CI.EMENCE. 1039 East First St.. Los An-
gelea. Cal.
$3T>0 secures >4 interest in flne-paylng commis-
sion business clearing ?150 monthly to eachV
references exchanged; experience unnecessary,
but must be sober and reliable. PARTICU-
LARS. lC07',i Market St.. room 1.
FOR sale — One of the best grocery stores in a
city acrors the bay. not far from Ban Fran-
cisco; must sell or take a partner, one who
can look after the business. Address for
particulars, box C42, Call office.
HOTEL. 52 rooms anfl bar; modern; lease;
rent $ir>0; new house and good business. Box
635. Call office.
$2*00 — A BIG sacrifice; the best paying restau-
rant in Sacramento: receipts $100 a day; long
lease. I*. O. box 158, Sacramento, Cal.
GENERAL merchandise store in country for
eale; complete stock of everything. Address
for particulars, box 16$, Call office.
WANTED — A . delicatessen store with estab-
lished trade; state amount of trade and prlca
asked. Box 092, Call office,
FOR sale— Store fixtures, with or without
ftock; fine living rooms. 108 Turk it.; phona
Howard 3450.
CIGAR stand to rent. Apply 43 Fourth at.
FOR eale — Dairy and delicacy store, with liv-
ing rpoms; must sell. Apply 370 Hayes et.
$800 WILL buy half interest in good paying
bakery; receipts $50 day. Box C39, Call office.
$400— NEWSPAPER and Job plant; priced to
go quick; $150 required. 2232 Mission st. ¦;•
MILLINERY business for sale; a bargain. Call
or address 2213 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
$75 — PARTNER to attend counter in cigar
store; 7 hours' work; good profit. Call 229 5th.
SALOON license wanted. 101% OTarrall gt.
FOR sale — The Union Hotel; manufacturing
town. Benlcla, Calif.
COSTA RICA BANANA CO. stock at ground
floor prices; flne prospectus. 539 Crossley bid.
FRENCH liquor ¦tora for sale. C21 Valencia
• treet.
LODGI.NU IIOCSES FUR SALE Coik.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
8 Eddy St., cor. Market, and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Businesa Chances.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease: flne
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
flrst-class condition: good furniture and car-
pets: clearing now . $-W per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is beat proposition in city; price $3200.
63 rooms; best downtown transient house in
city; will trade tor ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
i 220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
houze; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
mt-nt-hou!*-; sickness; must sell; snap; $000.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease: flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must -sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 yeara' lease; close in;
clears $400 rer month: $1CO() down, balance S
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished;, cak and mahogany; flne proposition;
cood lease.
10S rpoms: cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has nne
bar; can be -run In conjunction ir desired;
r&ro chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the bouse; other busi-
ness interests demand immediate departure.
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
h<- had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
! 21 rooms; corner: rent only $85: oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1UCO. -' •
180 rooms: grand, new, . modern apartment-
hou?e; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; flne lease; paying $50O to $UOO per
month; close in; full nice people; bargain If
taken at once; dissolution of partnership.
7-room flat: rent $10; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $320.'
120. rooms; rent only $4 per room: new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevatcr,
lights; long lear.e; clears $400 to: $500 per
month; one of the best buya in the city.
13 rooms; rent "only $100; well 'furnished;
little apfetment-house; reduced to $1100.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing. nne buslnzFs; will trade for larso
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
14 rooms; r«nt only $37; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time,- price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; fir st -class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars..
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
-business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy st.
100 ROOMS: sunny corner: rent $125. ...$4500
100 rooms; clears $350; low rent $0500
80 rooms: furniture nearly new $3300
40 rooms; flne location, north of Market. $1000
40 rooms; In Oakland; new;, rent $U0.... $2500
la rooms; half cash; cheap rent..... $tJOO
Money to loan on furniture. .EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny St.
THIRTY-FIVE-ROOM ' Market-street r house;
busy corner; Al transient; I will sell at low
figure or exchange. Box 3480, Call office.
i.oiirarvG-uousiss waxtkii.
WANTED — Good transient rooming-housa i of
about 20 rooms; must be cheap. 411 Post at.
CLOTHHTO BEWOTATiyO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st., room 14;
phone Druram 44. Call- for and . deliver. free.
COI.I.EOTIOW OFFICES. _
BAD tenanti ejected 'for $4; collections made;
city cr country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
1 Montgomery, room* »-10; ' ttl. Mala 65S0.
IPllHTCALHH.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant trance, business medium and life
reader. 1200 Market st.. Gait House.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing
seance. Friday, Sunday eves. 328 Ellis; 50c.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. It 12 Kddy »t.: phone Scott 8S7.
ASSURED success for you. .
Call at once and save $4 -
His famous $5 readings this week for
*1 SI $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge — No charge
unless you . htain the information for
which you consult him.
_ PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
•¦¦i-~ ralmlft ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An hovcrt proposition. *
(Tou to be full judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation nnd what you called for; I tell you if
husband, wife or lover is true or false; who and
when you will marry; 'how to gain the love of
the one you desire; "in fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the hi2h?st possible development In mental
vigor, health, haprlneys and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power Implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures dlseare and lost vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures; gives you success
in life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to H n. m. — Closed Sunday. |
320 O'Farrell st. — 320
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
: Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
piesent happenings and portrays . events to
occur in the future; if you are in - trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, cr
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
suit this great medium and you will bn told
how to overcome them;, valuable advice In
all aftalrs of life: 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
ELLSMERE. Egyptian seer, clairvoyant;
marvelous readings; advice love, .business,
mining; locates, cures disease; whom, when
you marry; call If in trouble or floubt; re-
moves spells, evil Influence: by mall ' $2.
1007% Market st.; low fee.
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double .Veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; L-
COc, g. by cards $1 ; palmistry and clairvoyant
rit.. $1 50.. 200 O'Farrell st.. neer Mason.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant cos-
tal seemnd life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given: special. $1: hours 10 to S.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. & palm.:
I correctly treat your love arralrs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
1.. 60c: g.. $1. 714 Franklin.' nr. O. G. ave.
Mrs.A.H.Krononberg.palmist.' .clairvoyant, card
reader:when others fall try me;good readlngi
S5c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.TeKLarkln 4207.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life: business advice;
names given: 25c up. 835 Howard. bet.4th&5th.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant.card read-
er; tea leaves: 2fic up. Lower flat, 2t'O Eddy.
MISS SEYMOUR, celebrated card reader and
palmist. 705 Market St.. second floor.
i OLDEST lady palmlft and card reader in city.
; 2G% Kearny. room 20; ladles, 25c; gents. 50c.
! MISS WARD, clairvoyant./ gives names date
j and facts ; readings : dally. 017 Market st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant. -card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23 % 6Uj; 1. 25c, g. BOc
SPIRITUAL healer; successfully treats all dis-
eases; 2 treatments. 039 Golden. Gate ave.
ISM AR. the celebrated Egyptian seeresa. will
r return from, her vacation July - 1.
MF.S. BAUMANN. . the well-known fortune-
teller. 1» now at 317 E11U »t
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, sit-
tings dally. 44SH Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CURES BUPTUUE.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder. $10; no
discomfort, 1200 Market it. ; send tor Circular.
BUSIXESS CHAXCES Continued.
AUTOMOBILE plant at bankrupt eale — Com-
plete plant including fixtures, tools, machin-
ery etc., belonging to the bankrupt estate
of 'the Universal Automobile Company, will
be enld at bankrupt sale June 8. For in-
ventory and particulars apply at the office
of FRANK & MANSFIELD, attorneys, 200
Sansomfe etrect, San Francisco.
FOR sale — A good business in Tonopah: well
established and paying a fine profit; amount
of cash required about $1500. Full particu-
lars box 100. Call office.
DELICATESSEN and grocery for sale; every-
thing new; pood family trad*. Address box i
759, Call office.
FOR sale — Bakery Ttith large stock; good loca-
tion and reasonable rent. 71S McAllister st. '
WEST ALMADEN quicksilver stock; a bonan-
xa; ftt bedrock prices. 539 Crossley bid.
GOOD candy store for sale cheap; leaving
city. • Address box 443, Call office.
WANTED — Active partner in downtown day
paloon: price J20C0. Box 427. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a cool and feed yard; well
established. Box 101, Call office.
WANTED — To buy a small brewing plant or
utensils, kettles, etc. Addrees box 610. Call.
WANTED — To buy u. restaurant for cash.
Box 711. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a good hotel; 'state locality
and full particulars. Box 73$, Call office.
BOOK etore and news stand for sale in West-
ern Addition. Box C70, Call office.
(45O~£AJX)ON for sale; piano; refrigerator; 3
living" rooms; must sell. 513 Howard st. *
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this efnee.
A BRANCH office- of The Call for the reception
cf advertieemerts and subscriptions has bees
opened at 100$ Market it., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LOUGIAG-HOL'SKS FUR SALK. {
MARION GRIFFIN,
»4CC Hearst bids:., over Examiner entrance,
cor. Third and Market ets.; phone Black 8607;
rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
40 ROOMS. 8 blocks X. of Markf t xt. ; rent
$70; 3-year-lcase; Income per month $300;
owner rick in hospital; price $1500; furnished
lVj years; easy terms. MARION GRIFFIN.
24 ROOMS, 1 block from Market: 1 floor; brick
house; rent $80; clears $!*0; price reduced to
$1100; \i cash; sickness. MARION GRIF-
FIX. • ' i
60-ROOM hotel; corner house; extra low rent;
house full: pays well; owner has lost his
voice and will have to change climate; price-
reduced to $5000. MARION GRIKFIN.
¦36 ROOMS; new and modern; north of Mar-
ket: all extra large, outside rooms; 19 bay
1 windows: — flne. new furnishings; electric
lights; clears *179 monthly for last 9 months;
lease; price $3500. MARION GRIFFIN.
14 ROOMS: 5 blocks N. of Market: clean as a
' pin; well furnished; sunny side; respectable;
$1000; \t, cash. MARION QRIF t FIN.
18 ROOMS; a swell house; splendidly fur-
nished: nicely situated; near Ellis and Van
Ness; rent $73; thoroughly respectable; in-
' come ?1SO monthly; owin«f to peoullar cir-
cumstances, almost any offer will be accept-
ed by MARION GRIFFIN.
8 ROOMS; furnished 2 months; cost $410: rent
$25; 7 rented for $55; will sell for $250: %
cash. . . MARION GRIFFIN.
85 IVOOMS; $3S00; reduced from $5000: all men
roomers; rent only $225; well laid out house;
2 floors. MARION GRIFFIN.
103 ROOMS; owing to Ill-health we are ex-
clusively authorized to sell one of. the best
furnished houses In this city; It's dependa-
ble, high class, above a whisper of reproach
nnd clears S450 monthly. MARION GRIF-
FIN. . . - .¦-..:
16 ROOMS. N. of Market; $000; make offer;
rent f32; a snap. MARION GRIFFIN..
48 ROOMS; beautifully furnished; 5-year lease;
electric elevator and electric lights; nne cor-
ner: . make offer; 'Clears $222 per month: It's
truly a nne house. > MARIOK GRIFFIN,
$100— FURNISHED flat: 3 rooms; also 5-room
flat. $150: furnished house, 11 rooms. $350.
BERG- ARMSTRONG CO., 318 Kearny »U
THE CALL'S PREMIUM THIS WEEK TO CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISERS IN SUNDAY EDITION.
". - ' * ' * • ' ' 4 "' 3
A highly plated four-inch scissors, made of best quality steel, and has an excellent finish.
SCISSORS OF A STYLE AND SIZE MOST USEFUL FOR EMBROIDERY
AND FANCY WORK, AND ALSO VERY SUITABLE FOR POCKET USE.
Gifts Will Be Give» THtirsday, Friday aaad Saturday to
Want Advertisers in Sunday's Call.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
1008 Market 6treet, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m,
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p m. —
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. - :V
3261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
• 1096 "Valencia street; opon until 9 p. m. • : ?•*¦"
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9pm
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. .
OAKLAND OFFICE: Tv'V-
1016 Broadway..... f, .Telephone Main 1083 <-
I I . • ————— •-».,¦ ....
i : BERKELEY OFFICE: * . ,
2148 Center Street.' Telephone North 77 -
:,0v- , ' ' , ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store ; p ar k Street
OUR CLASSIFIED CQLUMHS ARE A GREATTHE ' SAN FRANCISCO cXlL, " SATURDAY. JUNE 4, 1904.
13
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT at Stege. on Santa Fs
and electric roads: land $300 per acre; lots
60x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings $400 per acre; monthly payments;
send for maps. etc. Halght. 401 Cal. st., S. F.
FOUR choice lots cheap for cash. Apply 323
Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
BERKELEY ADVEBT'S'lTNTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
BERKELEY BUSINESS PROPERTY as an
Investment is equal to anything on th«
coast. There is money to be made by buy-
Ing that class of property — flv* local trains
every hour from Berkeley station to San
Francisco.
- Berkeley Is a villas* no more — it is the
center of California for many things.
BERKELEY 13 CALIFORNIA.
SOME GOOD BUTT8.
A thoroughly well-built two-story brick build-
Ing, a NW corner. 6 stores below and flats
above, paying wall.
A fine corner on Shattuck ars.. rery promi-
nently located; vacant; there's money in It.
A stone and brick warehouse, fitted with com-
partments, elevator etc.. In a business center;
leased for flv* years.
A business block on Telegraph are., 3 stores
and flats above with vacant corner adjoin-
ing far flats; a choice proposition.' -
JOS. J. MASON.
Cor. Cent* r and Shattuck. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADV'BT'S'M'NTS
/HriTVAtB REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — New cottage 6 rooms, bath, pantry.
I stationary wash basin and tubs, electric
lights, 7-foot basement; street and sewer
work done; lot 33x123; price $2150; $300 cash,
balance in payments to suit purchaser. . See
owner, corner Bray avenue and county road,
Frultvale. ' ¦ ' -
OAKLAND ADV_:BTISEMENT3
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I HAVE $3000 and wish to buy a horn* be-
tween West st. and Telegraph ave., north
of Twentieth at. Having no /time except
Sunday I would like to have som* addresses
cent me of homes in this district. Please
state all particulars and address MRS. B.,
box 1202 Call office. Oakland*
" ~ A BARGAIN. ~~~*
$2750 — Only, for a 2-story. 8-room house; lot
50x132: srood well of water; 1423 Linden st.
For Information see P. C. LASSEN. 466
Tenth St.. Oakland
REMOVAL . REMOVAL
THE ALDEN COMPANY. REAL ESTATE.
HAS REMOVED FROM 1118 . BROADWAY
TO 1233 BROADWAY. ¦
OAKLAM> FIRMTMtE Foil SALS.
the day for bargains in furnl-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th St.. cor.store. Oakland
San Francisco Advertisemts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A SNAP — 3 partly furn. housekeeping rooms;
$15 mo.; sunny. The Virginia. 100S Powell et.
BUSH. 2333 — 2 sunny furnished rooms, with
small kitchen.
CALIFORNIA. 12«4 — Ntc*ly furnished house-
keeplng rooms; also single.
EIGHTH.10H— Housekeeping room; furnished;
bedroom and kitchen adjoining.
FILBERT. 832, near Mason — t well-furnished
housekeeping rooms; sunny side; beautiful
bay view; rent reasonable. _
GEARY, 94t> — Light housekeeping rooms. $5 to
$8 per month; also single rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1528, near Scott — Floor
of 3 or 4 rooms, furnished complete, for
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
JACKSON, 2311 — Housekeeping rooms; com-
pletely furnished or unfurnished; gas range;
phone; bath. • -- -
JESSIE. 333 — Sunny room, furnished ; house-
keeping; gas range, sink, closet; $2 75.
JONES. 507, June. O'Farrell — For light house-
keeping, 2 cretty sunny rooms; also single.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rat* $30 q»
LARKIN. 326. cor. G. G. ave. — Furnished sun-
ny ; central : bath: phone; ran, water; r«a—
LARKIN. 1007. corner Post. The Cragburn —
Sunny furnished rooms, single or en suite;
housekeeping apartments a specialty; baths;
reduced rates for summer; Larkln and Sut-
ter-st. cars pass house.
MISSION. 944 — Housekeeping and single rooms;
reasonable;'- centraU
NATOMA. 25 — Two furnished rooms; private;
rent reasonable. ',_¦
OAK, 10—2 rooms, complete for housekeeping;
use of piano.
OAK, 117, and 538 McAllister— Rooms com-
plete, housekeeping; gas range, hot bath,
laundry, $5 and $12.
POLK 612— $14; bedroom, kitchen, gas stove,
bath*: large front suite, Loosekeeping: reas.
POLK, C34, cor. Eddy — Housekeeping rooms
and others; use of kitchen If desired; reas.
POLK. 1402- Sunny housekeeping rooms: gas
and bath free: reasonable. .
SHOTWELL. 811—2 large newly furnished
sunnv front rocn-.s; complete for housekeep-
ing
ETEINER. 1325. cor. Ellis— Two front fur-
nished housekeeping rooms.
TTJRK. S03— Nicely furnished suite and
kitchen: running water, gas, bath, phone.
TWENTY- THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice. neat, complete.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received ac
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church «ts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has txea
crened at 100S Market ft. eppostt* Fifth.
Open until 11 p. rn. ¦
A7ABT__2ZT HOUSES.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
1084 S UTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each: all unfurnished; $27 60 to $40. .
Make reservations now. - ¦"
8T.CECILE. 115 Fell.abov* Van Ness ave.— Th*
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments.wlth private baths,
steam heat, electric Ilgbt,elevator. gas ranges;
$30. $35. $37. $40. $45. $47 TO. $50. $58.
A SNAP— t partly furn. hkpg. rooms; $13 mo.:
,»unny. The . Virginia. 10C5 Powell tt.
ET. LOUIS. 1675 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rccms: furn. or unfum.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
APARTMENTS WAHTID.
APARTMENT house of 4 rooms wanted in de
sirahl* locality; furnished. Box 617. Call.
FURNISHED apartment of 3 rooms wanted;
state rent. Box 719. Call offlc*. '¦-...
WANTED — An apartment of 3 furnished rooms
. for housekeeping. Box 168. Call offlc*.
KUO31* Til : LET— Furs.' and Vmtmrm.
A^BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per weak and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Kooms. 25c. 60c. $1. $1 60 night.
$1 60 tb $10 week: house open all night.
BRYANT, 61S— A furnished room in prlvat*
family; breakfast if desired; rent $6.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 13«J4)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single: alio nnfnmlihed.
CALIFORNIA. 1454, cor. Larkln— Furnished
and unfurnished sunny rooms. .
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 21— Elegant rooms, single or «n
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
FILLMORE. 2210— $10; < 3 sunny unfurnished
¦rooms; yard. \ v ¦ '¦• ' . - :
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33a
to $1 26 night; $1 60 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished front rooms,
suitable for two; $2 to $3 60 week.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellts— EltganUy fur-
ntshed lultes and single rooms.
JESSIE. 363," near Emporium — Furnlshrd room,
$3: 'large room, 2 beds, $8. - . '
JONES. 207 (Van Wlnkle>— Furnished sunny
. rrr.s. ; suite Or single; gents preferred; $2 us.
MONEY TO 1.O AW— -Continued.
LOWEST BANK RATE. «~— ~~,
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
estates In probate, undivided interest - in
estates, assignments ot rents, etc., at lowest
rat* of Interest. _ . . *
RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery st.
SALARY LOANS— ~~~
Money joaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. • Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount . quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.; 1
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 68 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain ,
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin , Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 10 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
. security; easy payments; large business in
46 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry -and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. rra. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
i . diamonds, pearls and ' precious stoaes bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'8. 10 Sixth st. ,
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 211, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103H Brdwy.. suite 1-3.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000. •¦
TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
. ture. indorsed . notes and other security, 8.
' F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st. .- .
ALL loan* on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market it.
1% Per cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVINO. 61ft Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
. lndorser. MORELL, 609 Examiner building.
MI'SICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
ALL UPRIGHTS:
Neubert, new $250. now $C0.
Fischer, new $325, now $85.
Hertz, new $300. now $67.
Russell new $385. now $135.
Colby new $425, now $180.
• 2 Chickertngs, new $450, now $100, $135.
2 Stelnways, new $575. $760; now $1S3, $323.
Heine, new $576 now $333,
and 60 - otherr. Several squares at bargain
price*. Call and «xamlne them. Rents $2 up.
installments $4 up. Old pianos or organs taken
in exchange. Tuning $2, finest 'workmanship.
HEINE PIANO CO..
236-237 Geary st. Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
A NICE small upright: good order $10
One a little better, for practice $60
One Kranlch tt Bach, condition fine $100
One Belmont: mahogany case; a snap... $147
One Little Jewel; used thre- months $150
One Sterling; walnut case; good order. .$156
One Mathuehek; fine order; rosewood. .$105
Also one Chickering, 2 Vose, 2 Stelnways, 2
Etecks, -1 Knabe; all In first-class condition;
'easy pay's. BenJ. Curtaz & Son, 16 O'Farrell.
A SENSATIONAL fire— Storage • pianos and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and burned if not sold in a few days; this
means storage pianos and furniture almost
cheaper than fire wood, and must be re-
moved. Whitehead's Storage. 1636 Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best stock tn San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
f best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 500-64 Hayes tt. .
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos.
$25: uprights, $100 up; organs. $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 808 Post St.
WILL sell for storage, fine Hazelton and Vose
pianos. STATHAM'S. 110 McAllister St.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cectltan piano
player, BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post at.
A. BEAUTIFUL Stelnway upright grand, ai
gcod as new; cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
I $165— STEINWAY upright; private party: no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary at.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. 8CHMITZ A CO., 16 McAllister st.
S-PEDAL Stetnway up; Chtckering baby grand;
Shoninger. little used. Keeffe's. 283 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AM* MOKKS TO LET.
DOUBLE store, 403 Van Nesa ave.; $16, 120;
$35 for both. SHAJNWALD. BUCKBEE &
CO. - . ' '
PERSONALS.
Permanently removed by the use of "Sten-
zle," the most wonderful and effective der-
matologlcal preparation ever placed before
the public: will positively remo?* by the
roots any growth that can be presented: will
not Injure most delicate skin. Sold and ap-
plied by Mrs. K. G. Henderson. 326A Ellis.
A LONG STORY MADE SHORT— A wrtnkl«d
face positively restored to its former contour;
- Fimpie, harmless, scientific method shown on
the living face; permanency guaranteed. Call
or write for book. "Hints on Beauty," fr«*.
M. ELLA HARRIS. 781 O'Farrell st.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire, of Ltfe, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc." Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 60c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St., S. F.
A NEW METHOD— Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my method; magnetic
massage by appointed graduate, old school;
strictly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSER.
637 Bush St., apt. 809; phone Front q7.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling. cures dandruff
ar.d itching scalp;, no stain or stlcklne««;
cleahres scalp; at drogglftts'.halrdrezsers'; ac-
cept, no substitute. Stsr Remedy Co.. 13.1* Polk
CHYLO — Positive cure for indigestion, dys-
pepsia and preventive of appendicitis; by
mail 10c, 25c, 5Oc per box. The Chylo Co..
121 Geary st.. room 721.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impurs blood (affecting
skin mouth bones, etc.), epeedlly cured by
sklll'd specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation, -
curing oiganlc weakness drains, varicocele,
etc.; easily worn: $2 50 postpaid: physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary.S.F.
NOTICE Is hereby given that I have sold my
grocery store at 1001 Turk st. LOUIS KOE-
KIG. -
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
; On the wgrst bald head. Call or writ*. DR.
O. fi. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st. -
A FINE suit to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS, 1127 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLE8 LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market St.
SUPERFLUOUS hair * motes removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 fO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and '
catarrh, A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.. -
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 3S.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A' CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1. at all druggists'.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Oil. m pages, sent to any address ; In th*
TTnlt«-«1 Ptaton or.Canada one year tor tl. ¦"' '
________—_—- _ _
A-MMK. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 400 Geary* st. ; phone Green 39.
H." JEROME FOSELLI. .scientific palmist. 615
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 661.
' PAT— gTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 632 Market st.
PHYSICIANS -: AND '; BURGEON*.
DBLC, C.« ODONNELL — Offlc* and residence,
1021% Market st., bet. Oth and 7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Msrket st : .
REMOVED — DR. WONQ HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of tb* • human < body; for
past four years at 116-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st:. mar Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
¦ by use of herbs and t;ai. 727 Washington at.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay it.
REAL ESTATE—- CITY— -FOR SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
S MONTGOMERY STREET.
' FINE PROSPECTIVE BUYS.
SECOND-STREET CORNER.
180 ft. on 2 streets. ' Rents orer |200.
If improved will pay well.
MARKET-STREET BUY.
$50,000.
Over 60 ft. front. Rents $150.
Two excellent frontages.
O'FARRELL. NEAR TAYLOR. •
$36,000. ' .
Two frontages. ¦ - Rents $100.
$10,000 will increase rents to $350.
ELLIS STREET, NEAR TAYLOR.*
$82,000.
Nearly 00 ft. frontage. Rents nominal.
Excellent prospective future.
VAN NESS AVENUE CORNER.
$28,000.
35 by 109. Rent $80. nominal.
Will pay to Improve.
NEAR ,EDDY AND JONES.
. $t>0,000.
37:6 by 120. Rents $510.
. Fine large building.
HOWARD STREET, NEAR FIRST.
$32,5C0.
Two frontages. Rents nominal.
• • Increasing In value. ¦
' ' * ~"~ r » * "
ELLIS-STREET BUILDING.
•*- ¦ \ • $«o,ooo.
Large lot.\ . Rents ?4C0.
A steady paying investment.
GEARY-STREET BUY.
$45,000.
Good sized lot. New building.
¦ ... Only two tenants.
MARKET-STREET CORNER.
Near 9th st. Extra large frontage.
In a positively growing 1 - locality.
MISSION-STREET INVESTMENT.
. „ $30,000.
35 ft. front: ¦ Only three tenants.
Rents will be larger, as this section is
steadily growing.
ELEVENTH-STREET CORNER."
$20,000.
112 ft. of frontage. • Rented low at $112.
Buildings in good order.
EDDY STREET, NEAR LARKIN.
$55,000.
60 by 120. Rsnts low, over $330
Fine new buildings In first-class order.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$30,000.
Nearly 200 ft. frontage. Rents over $200.
Locality first class; always rented.
PAGE-STREET BUILDING.
$25,000.
35 by 137:6. Rents over $200.
Make offer.
THOMAS MAOEE & SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
530 CALIFORNIA STREET.
(Savings Union Building.)
Beautiful panoramic marine view lots now
offered for the first time; on Pacific Heights:
take in a view of the hills and shore line of
3 counties with the islands in the bay; street
work all done and accented; sun morning and
afternoon: all sizes; call at office for par-
ticulars, as there are some restrictions that
will suit those who are looking for choice
building sites: there are only 8 lots; 2 grand
corners and one Is a northeast corner; cable
cars pass. ..•-¦..
$225O-»Cor. on Webster St.; 25x100.
$2750— Union; north side; 25x110; street work
done; basalt blocks.
$9500— Corner; 2 flats; new} 1 grand marine
view; income $S5. v.
: $2MX) — New cottage; 4 rooms; unfinished base-
ment: tunny side of street; lot 25x100:
cars pass; easy payments.'
$3100— New 2-story residence; « rooms, base-
ment; lot 25x120; easy installments:
cheaper than paying rent.
HERE ARE SOME OF THE CHOICEST
CORNERS IN THAT FAST GROWING PART
OF THE CITY; BETWEEN LAKE AND
FULTON STREET. NORTH OF THE PARK.
NE cor. Clement and 10th ave.; 32:6x100.
NE cor. Clement and 12th ave: 60x120.
$5000 — Cor. Clement and Hth ave; 32:6x100.
$3400— NW cor.; 67:fixlOO; 7th ave.
$2f*0— NE cor.; 82:6x100; 8th aye.
$30C0— NW cor; 57:6x100; 10th ave.
$<)250— SW cor. Clement and 11th ave; 120x75.
$1000 Very cheap comer: S7:CxlOO; on A st.
LOTS WELL LOCATED.
NORTH OF THE ?ARK.
Ready' for building; close to the cars; all
street work done.
$1600— 6th ave.. near Lake; 25x120.
$2050—2 lots; 1 11th ave.; west side, near Cle-
ment st.; 25x120; very cheap.
$1025 — 8th ave., near California St.; 23x120.
$2100— "th ave.. near B st.; 2 choice lots;
cheap; 60x120.
$1800 each: 2 lots: 1st ave.; 25x100; near
CUment st.
$1100 — nth ave., near California St.; 25x120.
W. J. GUNN. 83O California st.
$1 25 PER week; no interest; lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little horn*
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
. 28 Montgomery st.. room 6.
FOR eale— $12.C0O. cash $2000, 3 swell marine
view flats not yet completed; rents $1320
per annum; north line Green .«t.. Nos. 1844-
(J0-68, east of Laguna: every room is and will
be sunny: every possible latest improvement;
~ lot 25x137:6. Apply at the premises,' 11 to 3.
FOR sale — Artistic home, near park; fl rooms,
bath, servants' room, conservatory: stable,
chicken-house, yard for cow;, large lot; three
minutes from four car lines; ail as good as
new; owner leaving city; open Sunday, 650
- Ninth ave., between B and C streets.
$500 — WE have been authorized to sell a few
lots. 25x100, only 1 block Mission st., near
.•{."il St.: street graded, sewered; $50 cash,
balance $5 month. C per cent Interest. MIS-
PION REALTY COMPANY. 2 20th st.
PARTIES having lot* for sale north of Golden
Gate Park can find an immediate purchaser
by communicating with W. J. GUNN, 530
California it. (Savings Union ButldtnO
FREE homestead presented by Uncle Sam un-
! der new Government canal In Nevada. See
J. E. GORDON. C28 Crossley bldg., 2:30 to 8
p. m. daily. ,'
SNAP — Cozy sunny cottage, 6 rooms, ba'.h and
laundry; 'latest Improvements; north side
O'Farrell St.; $4000 only. Inquire 1303 De-
visadero. between 10 and 12 a. m.
$7500 . EACH — 3 new 0- rooms and bath dwell-
ings; elegantly furnished; on Fell at.', 25
feet west of Fillmore. . . '
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full co»t .>f
buildings and part Int. I Manhattan Savings
Bank, 107-8-9-11 Crocker building.
FOR sale— 2 houses: each S rooms and bath;
lot 28x84. Apply 976 Pine st.
FINE cor., 75x80. nr. Market St.; 6 blocks
west City Hall. Room 217 Psrrott building.
ALL work, guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH fe MAYER. Plumbers. 636 Howard at.
REAI." ESTATE— Conntrr—— For S*l»."
A SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAIN HOME.
120 acres, with a $4500 crop; books to show;
1 an established summer resort; sprinkled
ro«d; rural delivery; ¦• over 25 per cent net
Income; good reasons for selling; price $10.-
000. B. H. NOBLE, Los Gatos, Cal.
CHARCOAL burners— We have 200 acres
heavy oak/ manzanlta and madrono . timber
to turn into charcoal: will sell for royalty
' or percentage; three miles from R. R. : down
hill; easy to reach. Hermosa Ranch Co.,
Cloverdale, Cal. - .. ¦ : . •' :
$1760 — 0 89-100 ACRES prune .orchard; tell
- or exchange; in full bearing; located near
Paso Robles and Templeton, San Luis Obispo
County. - W. A. FRAZIER. 2607 Pine st,
ALFALFA - lands. , stock* ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market st. ,. -...-..-. v : -¦. ¦- .' . -/y, ; *
SOUTHERN Oregon : Irrigated lands, dairy
t arms, • stock ranches, alfalfa land, ttmbur
land, mines. B. C. TRAYNER.-6O4 Kearny.
' REAL. ESTATE TO B.VCHA.XGS. .'
INCOME Oakland property to exchange for
good country property. P. C. LASSEN. 466
Tenth et.. Oakland. Cal.
' INVESTMENTS.
GOOD Investment — A limited number of shares
at 25c per share; this stock will be worth
on* dollar (tl) per share wltntn a' year; call
or write Osceola Mining and Development
Company,' 414 Crossley building, S. F.
LAJBCH _3 P0B HT—B.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st.-; for pleasure and business; tel Bush 534.
J. Mlchaella Launch Co.,Union-st. wharf; boat-
Ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ; tel. John 2683.
LOST AND FOt/KD.
LOST— A diamond stud weighing 3 karats; no
questions asked: liberal reward. Windsor
Hotel .: office.
LOST— Collie dog; sable, with half white neck
and white chest. Reward if returned to F.
HESS. 821 California st.; phone James 1501.
LOST — White greyhound pup, black spot on
side of head. Return L. BERONIO, 314
Union st., and receive reward.
FOUND — Cocker spaniel. Owner can have i
same by paying expenses. 100 Noe st.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult roe; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience j n All fe-
¦ male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market St.. rooms 7 arid 8. >
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for. all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008 H Market St., ©pp. 5th.
DR. Q. W. O'DONNELL— All who are stck or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu- -
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated; |
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st. I
SPECIALIST for women; DR. R. H. WES-
TON. office 306 Kearny. st,; .hours, 10-4. 7-8 J
consult a graduate physician; it pays: Irregu-
larities relieved: safe, sure and confidential.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, above Van Ness — Ex-
pert in obstetrics, female complaints; lnst.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yrs.ex.,
M RS. D. ALLEN. 1118~MarkeT-^RellabTTladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises, is permanently located at 611A
Leavenworth st., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
MATERNITY Villa — Secluded; confidential.
DR. EMILIA FUNKE, 1416 8th St.. Alameda.
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
LADIES — Kumrcond: safe, ¦ sure, never fails;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st.. corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10. . v
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS}
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MISCELLANEOUS^ FOR »AtB.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
STANDARD oil rig. fully equipped, and 1600
feet of casing. 11 is. to 7% in.; also 1500
feet of 8 and 6 inch drive pipe. Apply for
particulars OAFFEY * MAHON. 606 Call- '
fornla St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT .
Repair tt with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating: good over old
iron, tin cr shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING COT, 713 Market St.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— FINE suits. $7 60; dress paints. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny et..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 283-255 Spear st.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, waifhes and Jewelry for sale on
smalt weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st..
Upstairs. ¦» " - '"
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roof a with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks In the one and preserve the
new.. 205 Front St.; tel Main 1428.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats, U 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dla-
monds bought; send postal; will call. New
Municipal Loan Office, 617 Washington st.
WANTED— 8ix and 10 gallon drums. QEO.
PARTRIDGE &. CO.. 123 California st.
DIAMOND ring, earstuds. sunburnt; bargain.
Ring landlady. 376 Geary St., 1 to 6 p. m.
LAUNCH for sate; hunting cabin; 6 H.pT;
new engine; snap. 1528 Bay St., Alameda.
AWNINGS tents.new.second hand. SUN TENT
& AWNING CO..42 Spear gt.; tel. John 6486.
FOR sale — Elegant 80-llght electric bath cab-
inet; reasonable. Electric Works, 227 Ellis.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS HcMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO.,35 Mkt.Tel. Bush- 858.
PIGEONS — All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vols. KING'S., 61 McAllister St.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacigalupl,
moved to 7.SG Mission st.
SECOND-HAND safes, $55: 60-lnch desk. $27.
RICHARDSON BROS.. 816 Market st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap;, some
new; 16x16. 319 Third St.: tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mcntg'y.
BARGAINS in" fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN. S03 Hayward bldg.
SAFES and rash registers,, new and seconJ-
han.1. I. FRKFMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-'-nnd gasoline engines. I to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. ' THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st. .
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Billiard Kt Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GAPOMNE enplncs. auto— -biles and launches;
a!l *lr.e«. j. F. PHAK. 4fi Fremont st.
fe5uSCELtiA-SE.oJDS \VA.\TS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' lull dress suits etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 2J
Rtocktor «t.
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' and
gents' castoff clothing; ppstal. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST prlce~palrt for castoff clothing. TeL
Davis 825; C60 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good tecond-nknd clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st.: tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, cold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 782 Mission; phone Bush 467.
SHOKS wanted: misfit & castoft; highest prcs.;
new t- !M-t»»n«1 rhn*m *nr ««Ip. 74i> M1««lfn.
MONEY TO LOAM.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
001-6U2-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter*
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased. - ¦ - "
Courteous treatment. - Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. '
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK, •
INTEREST 5H AND tt PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY, OAKLAND, I
TOWN AND COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided Interests In real estate, property In .
trust; loans closed ' promptly.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
107-8-9-11 CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET STREETS.
" WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on :
. 1st, 2d or 3rd -
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, - town
or country. '
Low rate -of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or 'Chattels, ; , ¦¦
Location, etc. , V ;~ ;
Box 490, Call office.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission; installments accepted.
BONELLI, 801 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. and I'nfnrn.
LAGTJNA. 1021 — 2 unfurnished rooms.
MCALLISTER. 30— Sunny front room, well fur-
nished; gas, water; other rooms; central.
POLK, eil— Nicely furnished sunny rooms for
couple; $15 month; modern. __.
POST. 889. near Hyde— Large furnished front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room anJ ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 60; week. $3
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SIXTH. 136 — Furnished rooms: location een-
tral; charges reasonable: cars pass door.
SIXTH ave.. 76O. nr. Chutes, close O. G. Park
— Furnished and unfurnished rooms: cheap.
THE ST. KATHRYN. NE. cor. Leavenworth
and Ellis sts. — New; sunniest rooms In city;
furnished fresh & clean ;steam heat through-
out; every mod, convenience; $3 per week up.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049A Market st.— Sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; eUvator; $3 to $7.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms, S5c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 wee*; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In (very
room: elevator.read.-room; free bus: baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to $1 60 night; $2 to $3 week; elevator:
rlec. lights: reading-room: free bus: baggags.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth Bt. — Rooms from 15c
to $1 per night and from POc to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan ft Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call-for the recaption
Of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Firth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AM> BOARD.
SCOTT. 132 — Lady can secure furnished room,
with breakfast and supper if desired. In pri-
vate family: all hcrr.e comforts.
A WELL furnished front room, or suite: ma-
rine view; excellent board. Box 512, Call.
AN elegant home for an old lady; terms reason-
able.* Please call in forenoon. 39 Harriet st.
NICE room and board in Jewish family. 1143
Turk st. '
GEARY. 601. Hotel L'Alglon— Family rooms
and board; entirely renovated; reas. prices.
EOWARD, S41A — First-class board and room,
single or double. $5-$6 wk. ; American family.
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO furnished housekeeping rocms wanted by
family with 3 children. Box 636 Call office.
C_W1.\G MACHINES AM* SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use: best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — Ses our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10, $13. S20; second-
hand. $3. $5 $9; all styles: guaranteed. Now
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market it.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The. Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent tn any address tn thi
United States or Canada one year for $1.
' »^— ~»—' j ~— — ¦" ¦""^"™™ — — ™ *~ ™— "~— — "~ **^^^
TYPEWRITERS AND SCPPLIE S-
, AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 8O. Th«
Typewriting Exchange, 636 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars cf L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
* UIVIIIEMD .NOTICES.
8AN FRANCISCO and Suburban Horn* Build-
ing Society. 6th fleer . Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S Market st. opposite Third—
For the half yea- eB-llnjr 31st of December.
1903, a dividend has bean declared at taa
rats' per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificate*.
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD*. Manager. HUGH CRAIO. Secret*.— .
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.: A dividend. No. 66, of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
-able at the office of the company, rooms 202.
204 and 20«. v Hayward butMlng. San Fran-
eisco on June 10. 19«>4. Transfer books ctos«
June^'3. 10O4. at poon. C. C. QUIXN. Sec'tary.
LEGAL AUY—ltTlsKJUu.tTS.
NOTICE — Office of Insurance Commissioner.
Ean Francisco, Cal.. May 11. 1904— Having
ascertained that the capital stock of th*
Union Surety and Guaranty Company has
become Impaired, and that said company has
become Insolvent within the true Intent and
meaning of th* insurance laws of th* Stat*
of California. -I have this day revoked its
certificate of authority, previously granted,
as provided In section 600 of the Political
Code, and notice Is hereby given that said
company is no longer authorize to transact
the business of Insurance within this State.
E. MYRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
NOTICE — 1 hereby notify all creditors to pre-
sent their bills within three days of June 3.
• J. DOCGHARTY. 1350 Minna «t.
~ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS — Stats Prison Supplies^ — S«alei
proposals will be received at the office of
the Clerk at the State Prison. San Quentin.
until 10:30 a. m .. SATURDAY, the 13th day
of June, 19O4, and at the office of the Clerk
of the State Prison at Folsom until U:30 a.
m.. SATURDAY, the 25th day of June,
1004. at which times and places they will
be opened In the presence of bidders, fcr
furnishing and delivering supplies for said
prisons, consisting of subsistence stores,
forage, fuel, fuel oil. • furnishing power to>
run tbo Jute mill and electrical appliances
for Jut* mill at San Quentin. clothing, med-
icines, lime, cement and other staple sup-
plies, from July 1. 1004. to June 3l\ 1905, in-
clusive, on' conditions as per printed sched-
ules which will be furnished upon aspltca-
tion at either of the above offices. No bid
will be considered unless made uoon said
schedules, nor unless accompanied by the
certified cheek therein reiulred. nor from
any other parties than bona fide dealers in
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accomijany his bul with a certi-
fied check upon some well known am) re-
sponsible banking house tot at lsast 10 per
cent cf the amount of his bid, payable to
the President of the Board, conditioned that
the bidder will enter Into 3 contract upon
notice of acceptance, as required by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sep-
arately. All payments made on contract will
be paid tn cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidden will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules. The Board reserves th?
right to reject any or all bids, as the public
' interest may require, and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President. J. M,
OLIVER. Clerk. ¦ ;
NOTICE to bidder* — Sealed proposals will b»
received until Jun* 21. 1004. at 7:3O o'clock
p. m.. by th* Council of th* City of Kurekt
for $5000 4 4 per cent Forest Park Improva-
m»nt bends; $10O.COu 4V, per cent City U— I
-bonds; $15,000 4ft per cent fir* apparatus
' purchase bonds, and $35,UC0 4Vs per cent
sewer completion bonds, issued by th» city
of Eureka under the act of the Legislature
of the State cf California of February 25.
1901 (Statutes 1901. page 27). They will b* la
denomination as follows: Forest Park im-
provement bonds. $123; City Hall bonds.
$500; fire apparatus purchase, bonds. $375.
and tewer completion bonds. $373; tald bonds
will be dated on or after July 1. 1904. Prin-
cipal and Interest cayabla at the office of
th* City Treasurer of the city of Eureka.
Interest payable seml-annually, one-fortletti
of principal payable annually, all la United
States gold coin. All bids must be accompa-
nied by a certified check for 5 per cent oC
the bid payabi* to the Mayor of the city of
Eureka. State of California. The city of
Eureka contains a population of 11,000. as-
sessed valuation $3,800,000. with present
bonded Indebtedness of $109,250. incurred la
1802. J. P. WUNDERLICH. City CJerk.
Office of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks.
Wash.. May 10. 1004. Sealed proposals.. In
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a. m..
June 9, 1004, and then opened, for construct-
ing Electric Lighting System at this post.
For full Information apply at this office, or
to the Chief Quartermaster. Pullman Build-
Ing, Chicago, or Depot Quartermaster Army
Building. New York. U. S. reserves the right
to reject any or all bids or accept any part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals should
be marked: "Proposals for Electric Lighting
at Vancouver Barracks. Wash.," and addressed,
to undersigned. F. G. HODGSON. C. Q. — .
AUCTION sale — Office General Superintendent,
t Army Transport Service. San Francisco. Cat..
- May -27, 1904.— There will be sold at publlo
auction, at 11 o'clock a, m.. June 7. 1904, at
Fclaom-st. wharf, a lot of miscellaneous con-
demned quartermaster's stores, a list of
which can be seen at Folsom-st. wharf.
C. A. DEVOU
_*• Major and Quartermaster. U. S. A.
: WAREHOUSES.
FOR SALE OR TO LEASE.
Lot and 4-story warehouse, •43:10x120;
ihort block from S. P. freight sheds: apply
en premises. 13 Bluxoms St.. bet. 4th and 5th.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
UELP WASTED — MAL3. I
A— MURRAY & READY. Phone Main 684S.
C34 and €3« Clay St.; 6S4S PHONE MAIN.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
CO.COO Men Work. Increase CO.OuO.
WE SPEAK
SPANISH. - GERMAN, FRENCH.
ITALIAN, SWISS GREEK.
NEW— NEW— NEW
ARIZONA ARIZONA ARIZONA
$11 04 1104 MILKS $11 04
K)50 MEN WANTED.
HUNDREDS? GOING DAILY— ARE YOU?
Teamsters, laborers, hammermen, drillers,
$2. $J 50, $3 and $3 50 day.
Florence, center of great mines — ARIZONA.
FREE FARE— S HOURS DAY.
To State of NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA-
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT WORK.
5335 drillers', teamsters, laborers, rockmen.
concrete mixers, tunnelmen. $2. $2 50, $3,
$3 50 — S hours — cvertime paid— coot $1 fee—
that's all — 2 years' work.
NORTH— FREE FARE— EAST. SOUTH.
TVS laborers, no experience required; you'll
SUit. m
FREE TO-DAY— YOU GO FREE.
GREAT LUMBER TRUST.
1!>C laborers, larr-ber companies, $35 to $60
tr.c found.
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIES.
Sfi laborers, forejntn for mines, $40 and $30
and found.
15 drillers, no fare to pay $C7 50
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS
S3 scraper and sand wagon teamsters, $2 25
day.
lt>4 labore— . all over California, some In
San Frar.cisco, $2 and $2 25 day.
3t> laborers, 8 hours' work daily, that's all,
$2 day.
hay and harvest hands.
PI haymakers, all over State $1 50 day fd.
i'S h_ vest han(5s. sack sewers, pitchers, etc..
?2 day and found.
1* t«arr.sters. extra good Jobs, $1 60 and $2
day and found.
DAIRYMEN. STABLEMEN.
C4 milkers, extra good Jobs., come see { $35
and $40 and found.
<S buttermakers, 2 cheesemakers, $40 and $50
and found.
1» stablemen, city ar.d country Jobs, $75,
$60 and $.".5 and found.
GARDENERS— CHOREMEN.
* gardet.-«-*. private Jobs, bars h*re, $35 and
$.'W and found.
4h choremen and boys, different Jobs, $35,
$30. $„ and found.
10 hay balers, 25c ton.
FRUIT PICKERS, ETC.
t5 orchard and vineyard hands, permanent
Jobs, $26, $30. $35 and found.
16 fruit dickers, fare $1, extra good Job,
?2« and round.
DRIVERS DRIVERS. DRIVERS.
C5 hack drivers for San Francisco $60.
MARRIED.
9 men and wives for farms, crrhards, \-ine-
yarda. dairies, mines, etc., $4W, $50, $00,
$"(» and found.
Lather, fare $1. $2 50 M.
4 arrinentlce boys, city.
Orofscutter, logs. L. "Co., $45 and found.
Tinner. $3 day.
**srr*-nter and blacksmith, ranch, fare 2Oc,
$4."i and found.
5 crosscut sawyers. Carefully read these:
TRADESMEN.
2 lathers, city, $2 M per M.
6 sash and door hands, lumber cempany, $3
to $J 5o day. v i. *»
IS blacksmiths, different places. $3, $3 50 day.
Fcrernan molder. Iron worker. $4 to *5 «Ia»-.
2 i.alr.ter*. ;«perhang«;rfi. city. f3 a day.
Tirjrmith. factory, fare 10c. $3 a day.
6 carriage painters. $12 to $15 w^ek.
Wf-avers on blanketF.
Machinist roller, grimier, fare COc.
2 trick loaders country, £5c M.
Screw turners. e<lgerm"an, hook tenders
Logger, understand* ripxing. L. Co., $60 fd.
12 ehingle packers cut-off sawyer.
Moider and sticker hard
Carriage i*ir,ur and sticker hand $4 day.
Wheelwright. 50c fare, steady Job $50 found
Wheelwright, wheel machine, fare $1. $3
12 coopers, slack work, call very early
Bench hands, plar.irg mill, fare $1, $3 day.
WOOD CHOPPERS.
1S*» choppers, everywhere in the State.
Logger. Dolht-er logging donkey $75 found
HOTEL LAUNDKY.
BUTCHERS — OTHER DEPT.
1« cooks, springs, resorts, hotels, camps.
mines ranches, saloons, etc. $70. $60, $50
ftO. $30. $25 and found. ' '
3 jiecond conks. $35 $40 and found.
H waiters, hotels, cafes, etc.. $40. $33, $30,
$25 and found.
2« iishwashers. see us. $35, $30 $20 found.
is porters, bell and elevatcr boys, $30, $25,
$20. $15 and found
LOOK.
4 boys, city factories. $4 week: omnibus boys.
Butcher jana bookkeeper, manage country
fcnor. good wages.
Laborer,, do butcher's work, mine $35 M
LAUNDRYMEX.
Laundryman. ir.stitutfcn, $.W ar.d found.
Washer- st rings 1)01*-!. extra ea^y good Job.
$25 and found.
IS laundry— en at! over California.
3 \-egetab',e gardeners. $."50 and found.
BAKERS.
First. s«-on-i, third, fourth hands, bakers.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay et.
S MEN. build fences, free fare. $2 day.
Tallyman and yard clerk, lumber co.. $75.
Man assist at tinting, whitening, etc, $75.
2 carpenters, fare $1 *f>, $3 50 day
TOGETHER FOR A MINE.
Second cook. $Ji> ; waiter. $25; choreman,
$2t' and found.
Uutcntr, ranch. $50 and found.
LOOK.
Cock. 4 people, ranch, fare $1. $20 found
Cook, dredger, steady Job. fare $1, $.15 fd.
Nurse. Eight work, institution. $25 found
2 apprentice boys for bakery. 15c fare. $8
week.
Young man. kill and pick chickens, 10c fare
$2 to $2 50 day.
. «-hcrse teamster, haul freight to mine. $35
£.-. i found.
LOOK.
I" laborers, lumber co., southeast. $42 found
2f> laborers, lumber co.. fare $2 50, $35 fd.
Blacksmith, wagon work, $2 75 day.
Milker an* butternaaker private. 12 cows.
$30 ar.< found.
FREE FARE TO-DAY.
26 laborers, * - no experience wanted," $60.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C38 Clay st.
A CLERK fcr our office; live with parents
in city.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
TWO young men: address envelopes our office.
¦ MURRAY & READY. C34-C36 Clay St.
AT TOE CAL. EMP. AGENCY^
11 Third rt., or. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
VT> teamsters. $67 6O a month.
IT. lfcbor^rs. $CO a month.
30 drillers, rockmen, hammermen, $75.
6AWMILL CREW.
«5 laborer*, mill. $r:3 to $4« and found.
Seer.r.d trimmer $49 and board.
liosutl tuller, ?45 and heard.
5 * ct'.on h»r.ds. sawmijl. $35 and found.
10 lurr.ber oik-re, $.?5 to $40 and found.
4 hay tearr.tters. $i 50 a day and beard
8 wood r hcrpers. pir.e. 4 feet. $125 cord.
6 laborers, quarry, $2 25 day.
10 Italian g-jarrymen. $2 25 day.
Elevator box. c'ty building. $25.
CAL^EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third et.
o* — :,,»7 A~GENCT, A*
•»T?/J?£i T ' TELEPHONE MAIN .'£§.
ARIZONA ARIZONA. . ARIZO.^L
KFare $4 C5; railroad work
Teemsters, ?2; lone Job.
Driver for milk wagon, city $75
Driver for bottled beer wagon.
Man to run r>^>d rrader $2 50
Cook, city. $C0 and found
Muckers, turn*!. $2. free 'fare
Milkers. $W and f»»nd
Tunnelmen. Ca!.. $2 !io t 0 $2 73; free fare
Moodsmen. north. $40 ar.d found
X— bcrrers. $2 to $2 25. ail ov«- r State.
liench hands, $1 25 and found
flicker hand. $4. near city.
Te*ir.sters., all over State. $2 to $2 25
< HORD A SMITH.
A— CONTRACTORS' Emp. Agency €35 Wash"
tngton tl.; phone James 3301.
Edgencan for large lumber co. $70 found
cheap fare; bricklayer. Government Job ' 8
hours, union wages, free fare; plumber. Gov-
ernment Job. 6 hoars. $G day. free fare-
tetrsnUTi. new electric R. R.. fn^ fare $2
Amy; laborers. « hours. $2 day. near c'ltv
teamsters. Nevada. 8 hours, cheap fare $2 25
cay. ship to-day; box factory hand's. 15c
hour, cheap fare; boys, sash and door fac-
tory, chesp fare. $1 25 to $1 60 day. Lots
of other Jobs. L. H. CUTTING tc CO.
WOODTURNER. $3 60 day; sticker man, $3 to
$3 50 day; sarh and door makers, going
wages: C laborers for planing mill-; band
sawyer and rhaper man. $-1 to $4 50 day;
brick burner. $2 50 day; 3 blacksmiths. cou&I
try shept. $1 60 day and board and $3 day
butcher, country, $40 and board; farmers,'
mflkers; fanners and wives; cooks, wait-
ers. dfi4rwasbeni and others. J. F.
CROSETT * CO.. C28 Racramento st.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, '
602 Clay rt.; phone James 247«.
Nevada — Government Ditch— Nevada.
Teamster*. Laborers, Tunr.elmrn.
Woodworker, country $S day.
Miners, gravel mine. $2 50 day.
Sash and door men. $3 day.
Hay hands. $1 CO $1 75 day and board.
T*>arosters. ditch work. $1 26 day and board.
Mllkrrs. laborers, woodsmen, etc. •
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU. '
642 Commercial rt.. near Kearny.
2 laborers, dredger co.'s yard, $35 and found :
fi boys bos factory; 6 boys, learn trade; 10
farrn en same ranch, $26 and found, 6Oc
fare: cook, city. $00 to $65; second cook.
•45 to $50 and found: 10 teamsters, free fare,
22 day. small teams; 10 laborers. 8 hours,
free fare. $60.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery st,r.l2
— Bellboy, $20; busboy, $25; second porter.
f35; elerator boy, $36, »partinent-ho_e.
' _ H ? :i ' P _ WAITED— MALE—Coa
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
F. M. GUNN. 638 Commercial St.- - ¦
Phone Main 1191— Near Kearny.
Sur.ta Fe Company's own work. Ship to-day/
10 2-horse teamsters, near city, all free fare
Nevada— Ship daily— Teamsters, laborers and
rockmen. $2 to $2 60 day. 8 hours work,
special fare. .
60 Greeks, company work, in California, free
fare.
Here you aK; fare 10c, laborers, $2 day, 8
hours.
Woodchoppers, $1 25 to $2 cord.
Young men to learn sash and door trade,
$1 50 day: camp blacksmith, also blacksmith
for country shop, $2 and found, steady place:
cook and wife, $100 month; cook for restau-
rant. $12 week; bus driver, hotel. $25 and
found; hundreds ' of other jobs. Call and
see us.
SOLICITORS to sell our guaranteed merchan-
dise contracts: salary and better commission
than ever offered producers of business. Gold
Bond Mercantile Co.. 400 Crosaley building.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave., room 7, for free Information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenings.
WANTED— Experienced hat salesman. Apply
this morning, S. N. WOOD & CO., 740 Mar-
ket ft.
WANTED — Competent bookkeeper, from 30 to
35 years of age; state experience and salary
expected. Box 644. Call.
WANTED— Chief engineer for cold storage
plant- state wages and references. Box
64*. Call office. ¦
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade, free of charge. Glllett College of
| Barbers. 047 Commercial Bt.
BARBER choc: 4 chairs; swell place; north of
Market: must sell; cheap rent; bargain; $850.
MUTUAL INVEST. CO.. 4C7 Parrott bldg.
BARBER for Saturday afternoon and Sunday.
23T4 Fifth 'st- '
BARBER, first class, for Saturday; no college
students. 603 Kearny st. '
GOOD barber for Saturday. 100 Market st.'
BARBER shop for tale; clears $26 per week;
rent fS. 3147 Twenty-fourth st.
BARBER for Saturday: $4 60. 1310 Castro st.
FIRST-CLASS sticker hand. Berkeley Planing
Mill. Berkeley. Cal.
UNION barber from noon Saturday to Sunday;
wages $5. 1304 H Valencia st.
BLACKSMITH to do horseshoeing and repair
wagens. Fourteenth ave. and N «. South.
WANTED — Strong schoolboy to carry morning
paper; no Sunday work. Apply 1325 Mission.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1S07" Folsom sC
' ' ALL ~
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required; positions secured: con-
stant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. «S5 Clay st.
WANTED — Three first-class carriage black-
fir.lt hs and three first -class body makers;
good wages and steady employment to right
parties Apply A. MEISTER & SONS CO..
Sacramento, CaL
SALESMEN wanted to sell nursery stock;
cash advanced weekly; write immediately for
territory before it Is all assigned. CHICO
NURSERY CO.. Chico. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rcrikln. Reno House proprietor, has
addpd 100 new rooms to the Denver Houee.
217 Third st. : 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
FOR sale — Three-chair barber shop; reason for
f*-iliT,c. going into other business. 54 North
Main st.. Napa. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 SO pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay
express cr mail charges. 11 Sd rt..Exam. bid.
WANTED — First -class blank book forwarder.
F. MALLfJYE. 422 Sacramento st.
A profitable outing; pick hops in August. Write
E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Battery 8t.,S.F.
BARBERS — $150 buys my shop with a money-
making business. 235 Eighth St.
FOR sale — A good 2-chaIr barber shop with 2
furnished rooms. , H. BERNARD. 104 7th st.
WANTED— Sailors and ordinary seamen for all
parts of Europe. LANE'S. 504 Paris et.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. - 741 A Howard St. """¦* — --
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLDERT, C17 Jackson" et.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullls, r.40. Phelan bldg.
Past . Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near~Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: 85c night: reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office.cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sices men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to ftV. 563 Mission st.. bet. let and 2d sts.
HORSES AMI WAGONS.
IF you want horses at your own price be sure
and attend the big auction sale at Horn's
Stock Yards, cora.tr Tenth and Bryant sts..
Monday. June 6, at 11 o'clock. S. WAT-
KINS. Auctioneer.
FOR rale — Pacing mare, $175; 7 years old, very
fast; gentle In every ressect; safe for wo-
man to drive: will go double. For partlcu-
lars address box DUO. Call.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsotn et.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
srssion begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY, 510 Golden Gate ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Bla<*k Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stable*. 180 Stevenson. 8. F.
TEN fine camping magons, surrey» and rubber-
tire buggies;, new ind old; cheap. 1504 Fot-
cora rt.
TWO horses, 4 years old; well broke; cheap.
::v.;?. Eighteenth st
ONE span homes, harness and one mill wagon;
reasonable. Inquire at 720 Bryant St.
FOR sale — Two second-hand platform spring
wagons snd one truck. 2.'53 Bcale st.
£ECOND-H™KD camping wagon. 843 Howard
street.
NEW and B-cond-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1*115 Market it., cpi>. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, turreji. buggies, waging, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 1 5th- Valencia.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1<1 pares. In wrapper, for malllns. SI per year.
hoi m;s T« let.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for clr-.
cular. G. H UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
A FINE home on Washington st.. Presidio
Heights, for rent; unfurnished. Box £21, Call.
lfff?M£ft 'I'll i.K'l KlK>;l>HKIt.
FURNISHED house; in Mission; t rooms and
bath; resmnsble to desirable party. J. C.
Pitcher. 6th and Hooper ets. ; phone South 375.
HOUSES — FTJBIfXSHED — Oorte Madera.
LOVELY summer home; large grounds, elec-
tric lights, modem conveniences; can be seen
Sundays. C. U. BAKER, 615 Sansome st.
MOUSES FL'R.MSIIED — KOIl SALE.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room house; very
1109 Mission St.. near Seventh.
NICELY furnished house of 7 rooms, closs in;
will sell reasonable. Tel. Polk 3841. - ¦ ; .
$375^— SNAP downtown house, 8 nicely fur-
nlshed roomw; 8 rented. Box 469, Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly CalT
1« pages, tn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SAK^^JOSE rjCTB. HOUSES TO 1ET.
FOR rent— «-Poom cottareTn" San Jose; "fur-
ntehed com Dtetely: beautiful garden: ¦ all
kinds of fruit and berries; near car llns.
Address 647 South Eleventh St.. San Joss.
COUHTIKT HOUSES • TO LET.
FOR rent— One 8-room hou^eT'with^bath^^onv
pletely famished: lawn, and flower garden,
some fruit; fine chance for any one wishing
to stay in country three or four months. For
particulars address MRS. M E EPLEY
Napa, Cal. . . . . /
~ HOCSES WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished cottage (July and Aug-
ust) n«ar Russian River. Box 650, Call orn__ •
¦ . * ¦ ¦ - • . .^""'
CLEARING-HOUSE OF HUMAN INTERESTSThe following table gives a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers in cubic feet- per
second, or second feet. The figures for the
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by 8. G. Bennett,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Feet.
DATEiT
1903. 1904.
May 22 3,200 13,790
May 23 2.980 16.750
May 24 -¦• 2.760 1A.35O
May 25 2.340 15,155
May 26.... 1.080 10.720
May v 27 ." 2.760 9.230
May 23..... 5.730. 9,230
This report docs not Include water taken out
of Tuolumne River. In canals of the Turlock
and Modesto irrigation districts.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON.
date; \ ~OE^ZEEZ
- - 1903. 1904.
May 22. 8,050 If), SCO
May 23. 8.D50 2O.30O
May 154 "8.950 19.S00
May 23 .\.... 8.050 19,500
May 26.... 8.03O 19.10O
JJ» 5 ' 27"" — ••• • 8.950 18.700
g*y 28 8,650 18.300
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN^
DATE? - V ; Second Feet^
" 1903. 1904.
May ;22... 6.530 KM00
May 23...... u.780 13.760
May 24 e,280 14.300
May 25 R.780 14,334
Ma? 26-- •••• 5,310 11.533
May 27 '4,880 8.83O
MW 28 ;.. 9ni
MAKES MURDEROUS . ATTACK
OX A- : CHINESE COXTRACTOR
San Francisco Highbinder Uses a
; Hatchet \ on . Another Mongolian
and Is'. Captured. [.\.
SALINAS, June 3.-— Ah Ying, a Chi
nese contractor, " living .near . Castro
vllle, was hacked in the head and neck
with a hatchet yesterday by a: high
binder from San Francisco. The
wouldrbe murderer, was overpowered
by other Chinese, but made his escape
from them , and * fled to Castroville,'
where he was captured ; last night by
officers. Ah Ting was badly cut and
may- die.- ,_. i .'-'..
N P C R Ss.104 — IS V Wat 6s. — 105
N C Ry 5s.H0 — | Do 4s 2dm. — «9
N C P C 5s. OS — I, Do 4g 3dm. — 99
N S R R 5s. »3 — Stkn G&ECs. — 101
O G L&H 59.107 — |U G & E 6s. — — , •
O Wgtd 5s. — — |
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 40 I Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — CO |S V Wat Co. 37% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L t P. 3% 4 S F G & E. 60% 61
Mutual E L. 12 13 Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac t, Co... 58»i — UG&ECo. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem'e Fnd.300 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk-125 150 II P 4 A....1B0 160
Anglo-Cal ,. 83% 86%|Mer Trust.... — 220
Bank of Cal. — 433 Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp.145 147% S F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger 8 & L.22S0 2350 Fav & L. So. — 100
Hum 8 & Lm. — — Sec Bav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav.100 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.625 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..190 — | Presidio 89% —
Geary — «0 I
POWDER.
Giant 60% 6Hi!Vigorit i% —
SUGAR. >
Hana P Co. — 30c Kllauea S C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 49% — Makawell C. 21% 22
Honokaa 8 C 12 — Onomea S C. 24 27 %
Hutch 8 P C 8% 9 Paauhau 8 C. 13% 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 137 140 Oceanic S Co. 4 4 V
i Cal F C A. — 100 Pac Aux FA. 6 6
Cal Wine A. — 83% Pac C Borx.155 1C1
MV& MtTm.100 — • ,
Morning Session.
Board
20 Hawaiian Coml b Sugar...... 49 50
SO Mutual Electric Light 12 60
20 Oceanic S S Co 4 50
10 8 F Gas & Electric 60 50
$2.000 8 P of Arizona (1909) 108 12%
$20,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). 108 00
Street—
5 Giant Powder Con... 60 75
$7,400 United States 3s (coupon) 106 00
' Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Giant Powder Con ci 00
25 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 49 75
45 6prlng Valley Water Co 37 62%
$6,000 Cal Gas & E Gen M & C T 6s.. 85 00
- Street —
100 8 F Gas & Electric, b 5 60 50
30 S F Gas & Electric 00 50
35 Spring Valley Water Co 37 62%
$3,000 N P C R R 8 per cent 104 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. ,. : -.
Bid. Ask-I ,- Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 9S>4 99%|S P C R 4s.. — 100
B L Wat 6«.U5 - 18 P Co 4%s. 98% —
Cal NW 5*.. — 112 |Sun Tel Cs..ll3 —
M C Wat Ss.100 — I Do 6a — 108
Rls I Wks5s — 107%|Puttr-st R5s.lO5 113
SF Drdk 5s — 113% UR of SF 4s. 78% 79 .
EF &. NP 5s. — 111%I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 30 ¦, Mat Nav Co. — 90
i Cal Cot Mils 80 87 t Nev Nat Bk. — 200
Cal G&ECor. — 47% N 8 R R Co. . 9V* — •
Cal Powder.. — 150 N Cal P Co. 10% 11
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak Bk 8av.ll2% _
I Cal T I & T.115 — Oak T Con.. 75 —
I Cen Bk. Oak — C5 HOOF Hall A '0 —
! Chutes Co .. — 7%|Orpbeum Co. — 16%
City & C Bk. — 112 IPacC Cas Co.120 —
Cyp L Imp. . 6% — I Pac 8 Tel. .100
East Dynm.. — 250 IParaf Paint.. 38 —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 8 F drydock 60 —
| I>o com .. — 50 I8F&SJ Coal. 25 32%
FN Bk; Oak.120 — 8-J Wat Co/.— V 106
Fischer Thtr 40c — SO & MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.106 , — |Bwiss-A Bk.llS —
'Gas Con A.. — 22- |Truck Elect.. — 13
, . Golden Gate Construction Company , (owners)
¦with i Percy J.'., Walker (contractor), architect
II. ' A. Schulze — Brick work for - a " five-story
brick- warehouse building ;on lot on S corner
of • Howard and ' Spear streets, ; SE ; 137:0 by
SW1.17:';: $40,045.' '"• ;
California ; Fruit Canners" .' ; Association (own
ers) with -Otis Elevator Company (contractors),'
architect ¦' it - E. ¦ Krafft — Two electric power
freight elevators for. a three-story and base
ment brick, building -on ;lot 'on SW corner of
Battery and Green streets. 8 03:0 by W. 137:6;
S3105. ,
A'. P. Qlldden (owner) with Charles S. Ams
ler (contractor), plans by.' owner — Galvanized
corrugated Iron for side -and end walls and
roof, flat . galvanized iron ': cornices.- skylights,
etc., for a frame hay and grain barn; building
en lot on W lino of Gough street, between
Grove and Fulton; $1550. " ' :
¦ s R. 1 '. M. Agulrre (owner) with J. Maccono
(contractor), architect— — .AH work for al
terations I and additions to a two-story I frame
building on lot on NK corner of - Powell : street
and Fisher alley.' N 72:0 by E 08:6; $2652.
Pope Estate Company > (owners) with Cotton
»Kros. & Co. (contractors), -. architect Albert
'PInsls— Grading, *-¦ piling, ' pumping 'and bulk
heading for. building on lot on 8 line of Sacra
mento street, ¦ 275 E ¦¦ of Drumm, E 74:3, S
116:11 3-10 SW 01:0 1-16/ N 170:4*4; $8900.
lot on SW line of Tenth avenue.- 184:6 SE of
Railroad avenue. SE 70 by BW 100 ¦' lot 66,
Central Park Homestead Association; $10.
Henry and Ida Frosch to Ambrogio and
Maria Resi. lot 32. block 12 Flint Tract: $10.
Estate of William J. Gibson (insane) by
Ellen E. E wing (guardian) to W.W.« Wilson,
lot. 60. block 496, Bay City Homestead Asso
ciation; also undivided half of lot 64, block
496, same, $700
& John Dougherty to David Pattyn. lot 48,
block 503, O'Neill & Haley Tract; $10.
W. W. Wilson to 'Florence N. Ewing un-"
divided one-third of lot 64. block 48U. Bay
City Homestead; $10. -
'-''Builders' Contracts.
C. P. RAUSKHOFF IS ARRESTED.— C. P.
RauBkhoft was arrested In Los Angeles last
night. He Is wanted in this city on a charge
of embezzlement preferred by Belastio & Har
ris, by which firm he was employed as a col
lector. v ~ ''.y ¦ '¦
FLOW OF CALIFORNIA FIVERS.
TACOMA, June 3.— M. 1* V. Smith,
the mail carrier between Nome and
Council City, had an experience that
he will not soon forget. He left Nome
with a large mail and struck out over
the ice on Norton Sound. Soon after
he started the ice moved out from the
shore and that night and the following
day he was cut off from all communica
tion with the land. He had nothing to
cat and expected to die of exposure and
starvation when he was seen by natives
who launched a boat and went to his
rescue. He hurried forward and de
livered the mail on time.
Rescue Him From a Block of Ice That
Moved Out prom the Shore While
He Was Crossing It.
NATIVES SAVE THE LIFE
OP A NOME MAIL CARRIER
Martha Washington Division No. 1
• — Miss Emily' Doyle, ' Miss Margaret
Cullinan, Miss M. Dempsey, Miss B.
Egan, ; Mrs. M. R. Twomey.
Columbia Division No. 2— Miss Bes
sie Hennessy, Miss Nellie Cohnell.' Miss
Lizzie Murphy, . Miss Hannah O'Brien,
Miss Winnie Higgins.
• Robert Emmet Division No. 4— Mrs.
J. E. Fay, Miss Frances Mlnahan,
Mrs. McCarthy, Mrs. Thomas O'Dea,
Mrs. Nellie Mallet. _
Gran-u-Aile Division. No. 6— Mrs.
P. O'Hare, Mrs. Kane, Mrs. J. J. Rog
erson. Miss Kate Flynn, Miss K. Mc-
Gwiney. .
The county board oft the Ancient
Order of Hibernians met in Hibernia
Hall last Monday evening to further
arrangements for its next annual pic
nic on the Fourth of July. Daniel
Fitzpatrick, chairman of the picnic
committee, occupied the chair.
Michael Donohue, chairman , of the
programme committee, ; repor^&d sat
isfactory progress and further stated
that he expected to make this pro
gramme a very large one. The trans
portation committee, through M. H.
McCafferty. stated that boats would
leave the ferry building every half
hour to connect with trains for the
picnic grounds and that first-class ser
vice in that respect^was promised by
the railroad company.
The Ladies'. Auxiliary Is taking an
active interest in this picnic and has
elected the following delegates to the
county board from their respective di
visions:
The Lndics' Auxiliary Will Assist the
Parent Order to Make the.
Affair a Success.
HIBERNIANS TO PICNIC
ON THE FOURTH. OEj' JULY
Lewis Cohen to Rosalie Cohen (wife of Lew-
Is), lot on E line of Polk street, 91:6 N of
Grove, N 23 by E 82:0; gift.- • >
Adam and S. M. Stoneberger to Charles
King, lot on N line of Post street. 35 W of
Gough. W 31:3 by E 08:9; $10.
Bridget McFadden to Jesse D. Hanah. lot
on E line of Devlsadero street, 27:6 S of Geary,
S 55 by E 100; $10.
David andASelina K. Lewis to Margaret E.
Mullin, lot on SE corner of Page and Ashbury
streets, S 25 by E 90; $10.
Catherine Campbell to J. D., A. E., Alicia
and Kattf Campbell, lot on N line of Waller
etreet, 1U2:G E of Stanyan. E 27:6 by N 80,
gift.
J. D. and A. E. Campbell to Katie and Alicia
Campbell, same; $10.
George W. Reed to Nellie B. or Helen B.
Reed, lot on N line of Washington street, 07:6
W of Locust, W 40 by N 127:8^, quitclaim
deed; $10. ¦/-/ -'_¦.
Same to same, lot on N line of Washington
street. 137:6 W of Locust, W 12:6 by N
127:8%; also lot on S line of Jackson street,
87:6 W of Locust, W 60, S 127:8%, E 25. N 25.
E 25, N 102:8Vi: $10.
James J. and Julia C. Gearjr to Annie F. and
Marie E. Geary, lot on SW corner of Fifteenth
and .Guerrero streets, 8 80 by W 100; also lot
26, block 57, City Homestead Association
(should be City Land); *1.
Louis and Annie Schloh to John and Nellie
Donnelly, lot on E line of Dolores street, 118 S
of Eighteenth, 8 29 by ,E 110; $10.
Augustus J. Ranken to Alolse E. and Mary.
A. Durlez, lot on N line of Fourteenth street,
100 W of Sanchez. W 25 by N 108; $10.
John M. and Jennie L. Day to Rose Spiegel
(wife of William C), lot on E line of Walter
street. 218 N of Fourteenth, N 25 by E 128;
$10.
Felix and Delflna Marcuee to Charles L.
Hlnkel, lot on E line of Castro street. 26:6 N
of Twenty-first. N 60 by E 100; $5.
Milton S. and Lena E. Eisner to same, same,
quitclaim deed; $5. *
Charles L. and Tina Hlnkel to '¦¦ Mary A.
Smith, lot on E Jlne of Castro street, 26:6 N
of Twenty-first, N 25 by E . 100; $10.
Oscar Brand to Albert E. and Mary Matvk
yard lot on W line of Florida street, 208 N
of Twenty-third, N 26 by W 100; $10. '
CltyTrust, Safe Deposit and Surety Company
of Philadelphia to William and Emma J.
Plant lot on NE corner of Twenty-fourth and
Douglass streets. E 65 by N 114; '$10.
Congregation Shertth Israel to Marlon - Lev
entrltt lot on NE corner of Post and Taylor
streets. E 105 by N 97:6; $105,000.- .- -
.Same to same.-Bame; $105,000. -.
Jean B. Stoupe to Eugene J. B. Stoupe,
lot on NE corner of Post and , Larkin streets,
K 68:9 by N 100; also lot on S line of Clay
street. 100 W of Larkin. W 31 :9 by B 127:8U:
also Jot on N lino of Clay street. 110 E of
Stockton.-E 27:6 by N .68:0; gift.
Jeanne Godet to Clemence G. Plnkney. lot
on NE line of Chesley street, 115 NW of Bry
ant. NW 25 by NE 80; gift.
Laura T. Edwards (McKee). "Wife of William ¦
or Theresa L. Edwards to Edward Hunt/re
record 1645 D. . 259, W line of. First avenue,
350 N of Clement ' street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
D. O. and Clara A. Hunt to Frank Pellet.'
undivided half of lot on SE corner of Twenty
seventh avenue and B. street, E" 180 by S
182:6; $200.
H. B. and Laura A. Plnney to Mary « J.
Steele (wife of James G.). lot on W line of
First" avinue. 166:8 N of C street.'. Ns 33:4 by
W 120; $10. ,- t
George W. Reed .to Nellie B. Reed, „ lot on
N line of U street. 57:6 E of Forty-seventh
avenue, E 50 by <N : 100. quitclaim deed; $1.
Julius and Glorvlna Redelshelmer to Thomas
Wv. Mulfoxd. lot < on] NW : corner of • Thirty
eighth avenue and •* W street, N 600 by - W
120; $10. :-¦. "-.-;•- ¦
, Estate of Margaret Trumbull (by L. D. Man.
nlng," executor) to A. 'M. Wilson, lot 66, Cen
tral- Park Homestead Association: $1600..
A. M. Wilson tq, Carl H; and Emma Wolf.
FRIDAY. JUNE 3,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
* Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Hoiro P Co.. 14 — |UR InC pfd. 44H — •
Lon& SF Bk — GO j Do com ... 9 —
Morning Session.
V Street —
15 California Jockey Club. .......110 00
Afternoon Session. . -
Street —
$1,000 S F & NP Ry 5 per cent .111 BO
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Associated Trust Certificates. 18 19
Aztec • ....¦ 65
California Standard 12 >«¦
Caribou ; 3 60 -4 00
Central "Point Con .... 65
Chicago Crude 19 20
Claremont . CS
Four . . . . ¦ 70
Giant ........... 15 • ....
Hanford ....;.:. 195 00
Home 1 BO ....
Imperial 18 00
Independence 28 29
Junction 11. ....
Kern River 10 25 ....
Lion -02 •
Monarch (of Arizona) ' 40
Monte Cristo ....'. 65
Oil City Petroleum < 58 00
Peerles 14 CO
Senator e2 C5
Sterling 2 75
Superior ,.- 03 --
Thirty-three .... 8 25
Twenty-eight ...... 8 00 8 75
Associated Bonds 79 00
Wabash . . . . 41
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp 1 DO
Fischer's Theater 80 .'.....
SALES.
Morning Session.
3000 Monte Cristo C5
163 Assqclated 18
I Afternoon Session.
1200 011 City Petroleum 60
Mining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
20<A.lpha Ill 700 Ophlr ....... .625
40<TAnde3 15 200 Overman ..... 31
200 Belcher '. . 23 100 Potosl 16
100 Caledonia ... SI 100 Savage ........ 26
COO Con C & Va.l 45 400 Savage • 26
100 Con C & Va.l 40 700 Seg Belcher .. 10
700 Crown Point. 1C 200 Sierra Nev .. 38
100 Gould & Cur. 25 200 Union Con .. 62
100 Justice 12 100 Union Con .. 63
200 Mexican 135 200 Utah 15
100 Mexican 1 40| ¦
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 15 700 Ophir 4 65
300 Belcher -20 1000 Overman ..... 23
100 Caledonia ... 80 400 Potosl 17
200 Caledonia ... 78 300 Savage 24
100 Challenge Con IS 200 Sierra Nev .. 85
300 Con C & Va.l 40| 200 Sierra Nev .. 34
1100 Gould &. Cur. 23| 200 Silver Hill .. 48
100 Mexican 1 251 200 Union Con .. 47
400 Mexican 1 20)2300 Utah 15
100 Ophlr 4 OOJ u00 Yellow Jacket. 17
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
SCO Belcher 281 100 Mexican 1 35
100 Belcher 271 100 Ophlr ....,.B12«4
200 Caledonia ... 81 1 300 Ophir ..4 80
SCO Chollar 171 200 Potosl 10
100 Con C & V.I 42H 300 Scorpion 15
200 Crown Point. Its 100 SlU-er Hill . . 46
100 Exchequer .. .16 200 Union Con .. 60
100 Gould & Cur. 25 100 Union Con . . 49
300 Mexican ...1 37%t 400 Utah 15
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha 10| 100 Mexican 130
700 Bullion 09 250 Ophlr ....... .4 55
100 Con C & V.I 42>4 50 Ophlr 4 50"
100 Confidence ...1 00 300 Union Con .. 47
100 Crown Point. 16 200 Union Con . . 49
300 Gould & Cur. 23 ICO Union Con .. 43
400 Mexican 1 25| 1000 Utah 15
200 Mexican 1 201 100 Utah 14
100 Mexican ...1 27»4| 200 Yellow Jacket. 18
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. ,
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
3000 Brunswick .. 10! 500 Mont Ton ...1 85
100 Brunswick .. 17 600 Mont Ton ...1 90
100 Brunswick ..18 50 Mont Ton ..1 87H
6283 MacNamara . 17 COO Rescue 03
3000 MacNamara . 19 1000 Ton Midway.. 38
6000 MacNamara . 20 1000 Ton Midway. . 37
1000 MacNamara . 21| 200 Ton of Nav..8 60
Afternoon Session. *
2000 MacNamara . 20| 100 Ton .Belmant.. 68
100 MacNamara . 21 900 Ton Midway.. 37
750 Mont Ton ...1 90 100 Ton of Nev.. 8 00
600 Ray & OBrien Ottj
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. June 3 — « p. m,
Bld.Ask.| ' Bfd.Ask.
Alpha 08 10'Justice 12 13
Alta «6 08|Kentuck 02 04
Andes 15 16 Keyes Graes.. — 1 00
Belcher 26 27 Lady Wash .. — Cfl
Best & Belch. 1 20 1 £5 Mexican 1 30 1 35
Bullion 10 11 Occidental ... 79 81
Caledonia ... 78 80 Ophlr 4 70 4 75
Challenge Con 18 19 Overman ..... 27 29
Chollar 16 17 Potosi 16 17
Confidence ... 93 97 Scorpion 15 47
Con C & Va.1 40 1 43!Savasre 25 26
Con rmperlal. 01 02 1 Seg Belcher ..00 10
Con NY 03 Wn Sierra Nev ..34 35
Crown Point. 1H lSISIlver Hill ..45 47
East Sierra N 06 — St Louis .... 09 10
Eureka Con.. — 60|Syndicate .... 03 04
Exchequer .. 38 .T>l Union Con ..47 49
Gould & Cur. 24 26iUtah 15 16
Hale & Norc 75 SOI Yellow Jacket. 16 18
Julia 07 081
'V TONOPAH MINES. '¦
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 07 Ray Ton .... 11 It
Esperanza ... 01 02 Rescue 05 06
Gold Anchor. 21 29 Ton Belmont.. 67 CO
Gold M Con. — 02 Ton & Cal .. 10 —
Hannapah M. 25 *- Ton Cash Boy — 25
Jim Butler . . 30 — Ton ExtAn . . ! — 1 10
Lucky Tom.. — 051 Ton & -a W. 01 05
MacNamara . — ' 21! Ton Gold^M.. 12 14
Mlzpah Ex .. 10 — |Ton Midway.. 30 37
Mont Ton.. 1 90 1 92% I Ton of Nev. .7 75 —
Paymaster .. OS OOlTon N Star... 20 30
¦ Ray & OBrien C5 06|Unlted Ton ..13 —
C. H. Markham Refuses to Advance
Wages of Warehousemen and
Freight Handlers.
C. H. Markham, general manager of
.the Southern Pacific Company,*
has refused to accede ' to " the de
mands of the freight handlers and
warehousemen for an increase of pay.
The question of a parade on "Labor
day will be decided upon by a vote of
the several unions at a meeting to\be
held at a later date. v
Delegate O'Neil *to the Labor Coun
cil from the Typographical Union of
fered a resolution at the meeting last
night that a committee be appointed
to devise ways and means by which a
system of taxation may be levied upon
all unions pro rata with wage rates
considered for the purpose of having
sufficient money on hand to meet de
mands of men that may be out on a
strike or locked out by their ¦ em
ployers.
Laborers* Protective Union No. 8944
reports a nourishing condition. It will
give Its annual picnic on June 19 at
Glen Park. •
DECLINES TO ACCEDE TO •
LABOR UNION DEMANDS
Supreme Master Workman t Dead.
BATTLE CREEK, Mich., June 3.—
Supreme Master Workman H. Miller
of the Ancient Order of United Work
men is dead at a sanitarium here from
kidney trouble, aged 61 years. v -
George W. Alberti, a , member of
Sheriff Peter Curtis* staff, dropped
dead last night as he was phoning in
a \ saloon at the southeast corner of
California and Battery streets. Death
is ascribed to heart failure. Alberti
was about 65 years of age. *3$i'?"-
Drops Dead as He Phones.
Kern Cgunty Supervisor Drops Dead.
BAKERSFIELD. June 3.— T. J. Bot
toms, Supervisor of Kern" County and
pioneer of the State, dropped dead this
afternoon at a 'ranch near Poso, in the
northern part of the county, where he
had gone on official business. ' The de
ceased was a Confederate veteran and
about 65 years of age. He came to
California from Texas and had served
two terms as Supervisor.
SAN JOSE, June 3.— Miss Mabel C
Craig, a popular young lady • of this
city, died at the home of hjgr parents,
197 North Fifth street, this morning
after a long illness. She was the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John J. Craig.
The deceased was 18 years of age and a
native of San Jose, j Miss Craig was
attending the State Normal School and
was a great favorite among her class
mates. She had suffered for three
months from typhoid-pneumonia.
Death of a Popular Young Lady.
CommercidJ failures this week in the
United States are 220 against 226 last
week, 236 the preceding week and 182
the corresponding week last year.
Failures in Canada number 26, against
17 last week, 12 the preceding week and
24 'last year.
Wheat, including flour, exports for
the week ending June 2, aggregate
1,937,208 bushels, against 1,194,000 last
week. From July 1, 1903, to date, they
aggregated 127,929,719 bushels against
208,872,807 last season.
Corn exports for the week aggregate
327,166 bushels, against 233,695 last
week, 1,012,871 a year ago.
From July 1, 1903, to date they ag
gregate 50,275,375 bushels against 62,
335,722 last season.
NEW YORK, June 3.— R. G. Dun &
Co.'b Weekly Review of Trade to-mor
row will say:
Interruptions of industrial progress
by the holiday; labor, conflicts and in
clement ~ weather again produced a
somewhat unsatisfactory trade situa
tion. Yet money . Is easy and accom
modation Is readily - obtained in le
gitimate business channels. Liabili
ties ol mercantile failures are com
paratively small, indicating that most
concerns have prepared for a qulet^ea
f on and are able to withstand a period
of diminished sales and tardy pay
ments. ; This conservative attitude
is the fundamentally strong feature of
the situation, and when business re
vives there will be no pressure to dis
pose of heavy stocks of undesirable
goods. More rhanufacturing plants
have reduced hours or wages, and
several strikes have added to the
army of unemployed.
No definite change Is reported In the
iron and steel industry, quotations be
ing barely maintained, and new con
tracts placed with great discrimina
tion. .
Business failures in the United States
for the week ending June 2 number 194.
against 1S4 last week, 177 in the like
week In 1903. In Canada failures num
ber 20 for the week, against 14 last
week and 13 in this week a year ago.
NEW YORK, June 3. — Bradstreet's
to-morrow will say:
Pending clearer view of future crop
outturn, general trade in industry is
quiet to the verge of dullness. Crop
prospects have improved in some sec
tions, but complaints come from others,
so that this situation is as a whole still
irregular. The volume of May business
both at wholesale and retail was dis
appointing, confirmation of this being
found in the decreases in the bank
clearings and in railway earnings from
a year ago, while failures were more
numerous, though less costly than in
recently preceding months, while show
ing fncreases on a year ago. Iron and
steel, bituminous coal and cotton man
ufacturing are notably quiet for this
season of the year. There are, how
ever, some signs underlying confidence
in future trade. These consist of re
ports of improved Inquiry for fall goods
at. some Western, Southern and East
ern points, a rather better tone In the
shoe and leather industry at the East,
active buying at full prices of the new
Western wool clip, and fairly good re
ports from the woolen Industry, nota
bly that part dealing with c/othliig
trade. Collections partake of trade ir
regularity, but are still classable as fair.
Prices of staples show a general sag
ging tendency, part of w~hich is sea
sonable. Briefly summed up, the sit
uation generally centers upon the
probable outturn of the growing crops
and until this matter is settled most
authorities look for comparative quiet
in most lines.
Hackmen attended the meeting In
force and at the conclusion were, in a
jovial mood. ., 'When John Rayborn,
whom all the men admit they hate,
came downstairs and started for a
buggy a number of the hackmen gath
ered around him and felt of his cloth
ing. Rayborn protested, whereupon
one of the hackmen said that Rayborn
had a pistol. To avoid any further
trouble Rayborn was taken into the
police station and searched. No weapon
was found upon him and he was re
leased. As Rayborn started to drive
away from the corner cries of "Scab"
were hurled at him. Fully ' 150 men
were congregated at the point of Ray
born's departure. The .owners will
have a meeting Monday night.
Joseph H. Myers/ 458 Hayes street,
will be before the Commissioners at the
next meeting and in the meantime ho
will study up the location of streets.
R. A. Waldenburg was denied ¦ and
Paul W. Burgess has gone to Oakland,
.where^he will drive a milk wagon and
not bother about the hacks of San
Francisco. •
B. I... Dlckbver and PauUQ.'Schmit,
who both informed their landlady at
640 Howard street that they were se
cret service men, . were told . to : come
back again after they knew more about
the city's topography.
Charles C. Hatfleld of 716 Larkin,
August Koops, 636 Howard; William
J. Barrett, S69 Market; Embry Sutton,
405 Turk, and H. T. Ralph were denied
permits in the order named. -
William Rahill had in an independent
application for a permit and said he
wanted two more men to drive the
hacks that he owned. He was told to
get his men and have them make ap
plication.
George F. Jones was present. George
had such an accumulation of booze in
his system that Commissioner Hutton
told him that he better go and get
sober and come back on Tuesday night,
at which-time his application , for the
honorable position to which he aspired
would be considered. George went.
MUST STUDY STREETS.
Roy Halser was not present. He was
denied a permit. William Pussley, who
said he lived at the Winchester House
and was.an old cab. driver, was given
time to study the location of streets
and familiarize himself with thu.city
ordinances relating to cab hire.
WILL HAVE NEW CHANCE. .
Charles E. ¦ Harding of 792 Grove
street was granted a permit after he
had assured the Commissioners that
he had. sufficient knowledge of the city
and the duties involved in the driving
of a hack.
B. 12 Lowman and Frank F. Francis
were denied as rapidly as their names
were called. F. M..Christmon was re
ported as having -been convicted of a
felony. The Commissioners were will
ing to give thie. man a chance, but he
did not put in an appearance. His ap
plication was denied.
Frederick- R. Sldler said he lived at
315 Eddy street, but. an investigation
demonstrated differently. He is a re
cent arrival from New York. His
knowledge of the city streets was de
ficient and his application failed. ¦
Charles Watson was reported ill,
hence he did not get a permit. John J.
Romard withdrew his request for a
permit.
CA3DE FROM >TSW YORK.
" The Citizens' Alliance was represent
ed by Secretary White of the Stable
and Carriage Owners' Association, the
Hackmen's Union by President Coffey.
White contended that the Commission
ers had taken an unfair course in the
questions propounded. Coffey sized the
result aa aVlctory for the Hackmen's
Union. The Commissioners deny both
supposltiqns.
Merritt S. Smith was called. He was
not present, hence his application was
denied. John Rayborn of 761% Howard
street was the next. Although the un
ion says Rayborn has been a "strike
breaker" for years, he could not an
swer the questions. His application was
denied.
.Only two men out ' of twenty-flve
were found to be competent to drive
public hacks or carriages on the streets
of San Francisco after the Police Com
missioners got through with the ap
plicants yesterday - afternoon. (Geo
graphical locations of buildings, the
proper route to take from the ferry to
any destination ", and the ' charges to
make were the queries propounded.
Prices of Staples Are Back
ward and Depression Is
Due to Labor Troubles
Some Applicants Will Have
Chance to Present Knowl
edge at the Next Meeting
BUSINESS DULL ES T MAY
OWNERS DISSATISFIED
Trade Conditions Are Quiet,
but Good Returns From the
Fields May Alter Them
LONG BEACH,. June 3.— John J.
Overton, who claimed to be 107 years
of aee, died here to-day after a week's
illness. He did not suffer at all; but
gradually became weaker until he
breathed his last For ; many years
Overton had been pointed out*- to vis
itors as the oldest living Odd Fellow.
The members of his family have no
record 'of his birth and some' of them
privately have denied the truth of
Overton's statement . that he was so
old. One of his favorite diversions was
that of talking 1 about events \ which
happened" in the early twenties, and
his only pastime for years j had been
that of gathering strangers" about him
and relating events which have become
historic. He was a veteran of the Mex
ican and Civil wars and in the thirties
participated in some of the Indian
campaigns of the I Middle "West. He
was "a native of. »ew York and had
lived in California thirty years. He
leaves twenty-three grandchildren and
more than Ufirty great-grandchildren.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Police Commissioners Ask
Haclunen Regarding Mat
ters That Puzzle Drivers
TWO PERMITS
ARE GRANTED
MUCH DEPENDS
ON THE CROPS
PASSES AWAY
AT THE AGE
OF 107 YEARS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY; JUNE 4, 1904.
14
ADVESTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITIOX AXI> AFFAIRS
OF TIJE
INDEMNITY FIRE
. INSURANCE COMPANY
OP NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31at day of December. A. D.
1903, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California pursuant to the pro-
visions of Sections 610 and (ill of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS. "
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . ,|3S5, 963 00
Cash In Company's Of flee 25 00
Cash in Banks 38,132 03
Interest du« and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,573 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion _ 22.78143
Due from other Companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid. ISO 37
Commission on Unpaid Return
Premiums and Reinsurance Prem-
iums 451 74
Total Assets $450,181 52
LIABILITIES. "" "~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 13, 155 63
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 6,060 53
Losses resisted, including expenses-. 1,125 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $211,752 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 105.878 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $108,-
747 43; reinsurance pro rata .... 60. SI 3 79
Due and accrued for Salaries, Rents,
etc 3,327 30
Due and to become due for Com-
missions and Brokerage 667 90 *
Return Premiums and Reinsurance
Premiums 3,262 23
Total Liabilities $196,291 39
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $275,824 23
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
. all other sources 12.360 80
Total Income $288,191 03
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid far Fire Losses
(Including $22,107 55. losses of
previous yean) $149,413 09
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 66,732 83
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 23,113 9T
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 1 8.133 93
All other payments and expendi-
tures 18.113 93
Total Expenditures $253.533 32
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. . .$147,517 91
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks'
written during the!
year i $29,473,753 $403,623 3«
Net amount of R!*ks!
expired during the]
year I 23.73S.S70 321,336 91
Net amount in force]
December 31. 1300-. I 25.023.352 320,480 53
A. F. LOSEE. Vice President
J. H. BURGER, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
3d day of February. 19O4.
EDWIN F. CORKY.
Commissioner for California in New Tork.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
314 California St.
W. H. LOWDEH, Manager.
J. L. FULLER, Assistant Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS, tigr. City Dept.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
STATEMENT
OF^ THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS-
OF THE
NORWICH UNION Fire-
insurance SOCIETY
OF NORWICH. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1903, and for th«
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
till of the Political Code, condensed as pef
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash ._ <e6O,0OO (XI
ASSETS. ~ -
Real Estate owned by Company... $371,837 10
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 40,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
nnd Bonds owned by Company... 8. 061 .037 25
Cash in Company's Office 300 (XI
Cash in Banks 1.273.449 63
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 60,553 OS
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 150 04
Premiums In due Course of Col- ¦
lectlcn 84S.98O3*
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 83.088 88
Total Assets $7.d&4.S0tt 23
INABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid '
Losses in process of Adjust- ..„._,, ._
ment or in Suspense $160,34109
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses ,
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or leas. •
t reinsurance CO per
cent 8.128.S5«B»
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
3 . ; reinsurance pro rata.
Cash dividend to Stockholders re-
maining unpaid 1,940 39
Due and accrued for Salaries,
Rents, etc 13.00000
All other Liabilities <>».9U3 7t
.Total Liabilities .J3.6TI.S33 37
INCOME. ~ ' ~^
tcaah actually received for Fire
remiunw $3,943.10113
eived for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 1.933 09
Received for Interest and divide ids
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 173,130 3T
Received for Rents 12,37a 91
Received tram all other sourcss... 3,837 SO
Total Income $6,139,609 93
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fir* Losses
(including $ — ¦ . losses of
previous years) $3,038,197 41
Dividends to Stockholders 273,340 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1,163,074 06
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of (leers, clerks, etc.. 460,00513
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 99.80033
All other payments and expendi-
tures •'•• 270.043 30
Total Expenditures .$3.333.460 33 -
Losses Incurred during the year. w $3.2tJ.181 07
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
JSS.*?. ?. U *r* T. flOUAUO $7,533,323 »
Net amount of Risks
ffl&£!2?&! 1.M3.645.500 5.2^.17391
iSSSr 1.813W30 6,1*7,850 77
FRANK A. CVBITT, President.
. C. A. BATHURST BIGNOLD. Secretary-
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 3th
day oC April. 11)04. .
I. B. T. HALES. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT. .
314 California St.
W. H. LQWDEN, Manager.
J, L. FULLER, Assistant Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS, Mgr. City Dept.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
THE WEEKLY CALL,
$1 per Year. N *
CTHIIAGP. AM) W A HKHIIC y Et. .^
A GILflECT * STOLL Storage Co.: storsge.
packing, shipping warehouse G O.*xA \ati
Xtt*: clflce ilTO Market, r. 43: tel.bouth .30.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. : furniture,
hcuf hold sroods stored, moved, shipped 7Z3-
-2\ Howard et.. nr. Third: phone Grant 16L
PlEUCn-nODOLPH Storage *M«jW Co., of- !
tice Post and Powell st*.; tel. Prlv. El. S71. 1
CON-KLINES Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 203 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances raade. 840
Mission el; tel. Howard 841. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2S20 Fillmore St.; thone Jackson 28L
BEK1KS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840.. Shipping at cut rates.
A~vrEEIC'S r.etrs for 5 cents— Thei Weekly Call.
Ifl pag** in wrsppfr. for - tailing. SI per year
SPECIALISTS.
CATAKP.H. DEAFNESS and NOI8ES In SABS
r>oslti%-ely cured; new methods: 1 week's treat-
tnent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutt<- St.
MiriEHlJO AAU^STAMMEH^Vft
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Nees & Market.
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne in U. S.: private;' established 3
ye&Tt- in S. F. Tel. Mirt 2tC<3 from 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesttrSay:
Maynard K. Kinney, 29. 3019 Pine street, and
Beatrice Stewart. 19. SOU Buchanan street.
Emanuel D. -Lederman, 2S. New Tork City,
«r.d Linda H. Llebes. 20, city.
Eugene McGinn, 21. 224 McAllister street,
and Margaret Garmt. 21. 208 Hyde street.
Albert T. Roche, 30. 1422 Geary etreet. and
Gertrude Mitchell. 21. 24.14 Market street.
Charles L Glick. 26. 725 Devtsadero street,
and Hattie Goldmann. 21. 1 Juniper street.
Archie R. Heryford, 25. city, and Ina O.
Xtydrtrcm, 25, ctty.
William F. Martin. 21. Oakland, and May-
belle M O'Brien. IS, Alameda.
Jes. P. Jpyren. 19. 135 California avenue, and
Wusa Batbs=, IS. Oro Fino.
Louis J. Cerpneux. 32. Foeterla, and Allc« J.
Bayrie. 2S. Foyteria.
Edward T. J<ihnson. 25. 1000 Geary street.
«nd Anna Mack.ar. 20. 17SS Hairht etreet.
Kaarlo O Jchnson. 35 25 Third street, ana
Anna Frandell. :i4. 220 Clara street.
George F. Morse. 27. city, and Jesele J.
Richmond. IS, 25S Shipley street.
Nicholas J. Thorr.hill. 25. 319 Hyde street
•nd Maybelle E. Mahoney, 23, Tan Polk street.
Stowe'll W. borlas, 2l\ 7C0 Ellis street, and
Helen I>chtel. 1!>. 2504 H Sutter ctreet.
_^_— — __ —
Birth marriage and death notices sent by
mall vriU not be inserted. They must be handed
tn »t either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
SK-r.i, authorized to have the eame published.
Notices reEtrictefl simply to the announcement
cf th- event trr published once in this column
Ir«»* of charee. .
BORX.
BECK— In this city. May SO, 1904. to the wife
of M. W. Beck (.nee WoodvUIe). a daughter.
HEVMEP- In this city, June 2. 1904. to the
vite- of J. B. HeymeE. a son.
HIMMEL— In thi* city. May 25. 1904, to the
•Rite of H. H. Hummel, a son.
NATHAN— In this city, June 3, 1904, to the
v.-ife of Milton A. Nathan, a son.
MARRIED.
BERRI— GINNIVER— In this city. June 1,
l»04 by the Rev. W. C. Day, Eugene D.
Herri and Beth E. Ginniver, all of San Fran- j
Cisco.
FERGUSON— FMIT— In this city. June 1, 1904.
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, George S. Fer-
guson and Eliza C. Smlt.
NAEGELE— SCOTT— In this city. June 1.
lttH. by Hie Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Charles
Naegele and Marie A. Scott. (
OHM— TURNER— In this city, June 3. 1904,
by th* Rev. E. L. Walz. pastor Fourth Con- I
Ereeational Church. Rudolph C. Ohm and j
Emma Turner, both of San Francisco.
RASMLSFEN— HOPPE— In this city. June 1.
1904, by th.j Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Gustavo
E. Refmuf.tea and Emma Hoppe.
Baird. Samuel L Markle, Mildred
Batcheller "Webster Neumann, Dora
• ollin. Henry A. Ray. Mellie S.
Cook. J. J. Redlick. Sol. B.
Liawson, Mr*. Mary Schofield, Rob«rt
Dernoro. Rafael G. Pelligo. John
Dickereon Mrs. PA. Simon. Henry
Green. Eiastus H. Smith. Mrs. Rose
Harvey. Mary Steinbrecher, Robert
Jam«-son, Norah Thurman. Lavina VT.
Kas<x>er. B. Von Ronn. Lene
Levrroni, G. B. "Wheeler. Anna
Litzlus. Edward C.
BAIRD— In East Oakland. Cal.. June 3, 1904,
at 1*526 El'-venth avenue Samuel L. Baird,
a patlv* of Massachusetts, aged 73 years 5
months and 13 days.
BATCHELLER-In this city. June 2, 1904.
Webster Uatcheller, a native of Massachu-
setts aged t!9 years t» months and 11 days.
(n?-The funeral service* will be held to-
morrow (Sunday), at 3:30 o'clock at the
parlors of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment Glens Falls, New York.
COLLIN— Entered into rest, in this city, June
2, l'JO4 at his residence, 13C7 Pacific street.
Henry ' A . dearly beloved father of Henry !
F.. Frances J. and Leon E. Collln. Mrs. M. |
Norton. Mr». E. Sharp <md Mrs. M. E. Gor-
don, a native of London. England, aged 84
years and 0 days.
C7Frier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
tSundev), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
" parlors* cf Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate
avenue.
COOK — In this city. June 2. 1904. J. J. Cook,
beloved huFband of Renie Cook, father of
Mrs. J. L. Wright. Mrs. J. C. Baxter. J. B.
Cook and H. C. Cook, and grandfather of
Leva, Neta Roland and Gladys Wright and •
Mrs. W. C. Fitch, a native of Dutchess
County. N. T., aged C7 years.
C?"Funeral . services will be held at Ma-
sonic Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
Rtre*ts. at 1 :30 o'clock. Sunday, June 5. In-
terment Cyprus Lawn Cemetery.
DAWSOX<-In this city. June 3, 1004, Mary,
beloved wife of John Dawson, mother of j
Mrs. A. Gatto and Grover, Ambrose and
Edward Dawson. and daughter cf John
Mitchell, a native of Grafs Valley, Cal.,
aged «(> years 1 month and 15 days.
DEMORO— In Berkeley. Cal., June 1, 1904, at
his residence. 2hS4 Telegraph avenue. Ra-
fael G., beloved husband of Aurelia B. De-
moro, and father of Rafael N., Aurelia R.,
Marie A. and Natalia C. and Mercides T. De-
moro, a native of Brazil, aged C9 -years and
I» months.
ETFrScnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
Church, at ACdison and St. Joseph streets.
Berkeley. Interment private. Please omit
flowers. '¦-.-•
DICKERSON— In West Berkeley, Cal.j Sarah
A. Crewe Dickerson, wife of Orrln R. Dick-
erson, daughter of Henry and Ann Wtnd-
roii, and mother of Olive Mae Dickerson
and Charles S., Florence L. Lillie B.. Har-
old E. and Violet A. Crewe, a native of
Manchester. England, aged 41 years 4 months
end 3 day*.
GREEN— In this city, June 2, 1904. Eraetus
RH. Green, beloved husband of Elizabeth A,
Green, a native of Wilton, Conn. (Sacra-
mento Cal., papers please copy.)
C7"Frien(Js and acquaintances* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
June 6, at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate ave-
nue. Interment Cypres« Lawn Cemetery, g
HARVEY— In this ctty. June 2. 1904. Mary
Harvey, mother of \Jereznlah. Eugene and
John Lucey, and Strodey and William Battln,
a native of Ireland, aged CO years 1 month
and 7 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. Ill Welsh etreet .~cff Fourth, be-
tween Bryant and Brannan streets, thence
to fct. Rose's Church, where a requiem high
niaes will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9:45 o'clock, sharp,
thence by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Towi^end streets. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
JAMESON— In this city. June 2. 1904. Norah,
bUoved wife of the late Joseph Jameson,
and mother of Charles. Florence and Mar-
Karet Jameson, a native of Queenstown, Ire-
land, axed 38 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lor* of James McMenomey & Son. 1057 Mis-
t-ion street, near Seventh, thence to St. Pat-
rick'r Cnurch. where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
••onimenclng at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crrxm Cemetery.
KAFPER — In this city. June 3, 1904 Bar- '
ttholome Karper. beloved father of Mrs Lucy
Klaas, a native of : Switzerland, aged 74
year* 2 months and 2» days. (Carson City
pa tiers please copy.)
tT Remains at the residence of his daugh-
ter 771 Broadway, to leave to-night on 6
o'clock train for Carson City, Nev.
LEVERONI— In this city, June 3, 1904, G B.
Leveronl. beloved husband of Maria Lev-
eroni, and father or Louis and Joseph Lev-
eronl, Mrs. Rosie Baffego. Mrs. yilomena
Arata. Mrs. Mamie M. Hart, Mr*. Emilia
Cunco and the late Frank Leveronl, a native
of Italy, aged 74 year*. - :
CyFrfends and acquaintances are respect-
f r.liy Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
•Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence 9 Gaven place, thence to Ets. Peter
nnd Paul's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
UTZIUS— In this city, June 1, 1904, Edward
C. Lftzius. dearly beloved husband of Mame
Litsius (atlrer of Gertie and Joe Litzius. son
mi Aug.' F. irt«3 the late Caroline Litzlus, and
brother of Aug. C. Louis F.. William F.
and Charles H. Litzius, and Mrs. A. Ham-
Hey and Mrs. E. Hilton, a native of San
Francisco aged 40 years 3 months and »
days. A member of Electrical Workers"
Union No. C, I. B. E. W.
C"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence. Vt Freelon Street. Interment Cypress
J Lawn Cemetery.
MARBLE— In this city, June 2. 1904, Mildred,
beloved wife of Robert B. Markle, only daugh-
ter of Edwin and Nancy C. Ladner of Paso
Rcbles. and sister of Albert E. Ladner of
Redlando. a native of California, aged 2*
jeare and 11 months.
!C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the chapel
of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1909 Mis-
sion street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
NEUMANN— In this city. June 3. 1904. Dora,
beloved daughter of the late Charles and
Kllzabeth Neumann, a natlv* of Stockton,
Cal., aged 42 years.
RAT — In this city Juna 1. 1904, Mellle S.. be-
loved daughter of Henry H. and the late
Mary A Ray, sister of Eugene and Henry
Ray and loving niece of W. A. and Hallle
K. Mttner. a native of Eureka, Cal., aged
19 years 10 months and 21 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
June 4 at 2 o'clock, from her late residence,
2210 DevUadero street. Interment Red Bluff.
Cal.
REDLICK— In Los Angeles. Cal., June 1. 1904
Sol. B dearly beloved son of Ludwlg and
Bertha . Redlick. and beloved brother of 1
Henry. Joseph, Abe, Louise, Charlotte, and
Fannie Redlick and Mrs. P. E. Newman,
aged 40 years 9 months and 19 days. A
member of Bakersfleld Lodge No. 266, B.
P. O. Elks, and Fort Wayne Lodge No. 116,
Knights of Pythias.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 10:30 o'clock from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1264 Page street, thence
by electrie funeral car to New Salem Ceme-
tery, leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
at 11:30 o'clock.
SCHOFIELD— In this city. June 2, 1904, Rob-
ert, son of the late Jacob and Annie Scho-
field. and brother of George Schofield. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 21 years 5 months
and 24 days. A member of the Journeymen
Horseshoers' Union, Local No. 26.
ICyFriends and acquaintances ore respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where ser-
vices will be held at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Ctoss Cemetery.
Members of Journeymen Horseshoers' Lo-
cal Union No. 25 are requested to attend
the funeral of our deceased brother. Robert
Schofleld, to-morrow (Sunday), at 12:15
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of McFad-
den. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth.
T. SULLIVAN, President.
JAMES McBREARTT. Secretary.
EELLIGO— In this city, June 3, 1904, John,
beloved husband of Susanna Selllgo, and
father of Louise. Willie, Henry and the late
Josephine Selllgo, a native of Italy, aged 52
years 11 months and 10 days. A member of
Fortuna Lo«ge No. 13, A. O. U. W., of
Xapa. Cal. (Xapa papers please copy.)
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
II. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
SIMON— In this city. June 2, 1904, Henry, be-
loved husband of Mathilda Simon, and father
of Kujrene. Fred. May, Frieda. -Josephine and
Cora Simon, a native of Germany, aged 67
years 2 months and 6 days.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Fidelity Lodge
No. 120. F. and A. M. . Friends are kindly
Tequeeted to omit flowers.
SMITH — In this city, June 3, 1004. Rose, wife
of the late Patrick Smith, a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 74 years.
BTKINBRECHER— In thle city. June 1, 1904,
Robert Stelnbrecher, brother of Oskar Steln-
brecher, a native of Schlesian, Germany,
aged 49 vears.
THURMAN— In this city. June 2. 1904, at her
residence, 18 Elliot Park, off Steiner street,
between Geary and O'Farrel!, Lavina YVlne-
fred Thurman (formerly Mrs. Captain -Alex-
ander Dodge), dearly beloved wife of Edward \
V.'yatt Thurman, and dearly beloved mother \
of Mrs. Cornelia G. Ohm, Mrs. Charles L. {
Shirley and Mrs. Charles C. Riedy, a native
of Lochrea, County Gallway, Ireland, aged
73 years and 21 days. A member of the
Third Order of St. Francis. (New Tork City
and Portland, Ore., papers please copy.)
JCvTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend a requiem mass to-
day (Saturday), at 9 o'clock, at St. Dom-
inic's Church, corner Steiner and Bush
streets, which will be road for the repose
of her* foul. Interment IlAy Cross Ceme-
tery. v
VON HONN — In this city. June 3. 1904. Lene
von Ronn, beloved wife of William von Ronn.
mother of William von Ronn Jr. and of the
late Mrs. Phillipp Gebhardt and Miss ;
Amanda von Ronn, and sister of Mrs. H.
Dolling and Mrs. C. Soltau. a native of Ger-
many, aged CO years 1 month and 22 days.
JCFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow 1
(Sunday), at l:rU) o'clock, from her late
residence. 1134 Filbert street, where the
services will be held. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. Please omit owers.
WHEELER — In San Mateo, Cal.. June 2. 1904,
Anna, beloved wife of Alvin H. Wheeler. I
mother of Nina W. Wheeler, and sister of |
Lendrum, George, Fred, Willie, Harry, Al- I
fred and E. Armstrong, a native of County
Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 33 years. • --
EyThe funeral services will be held to-
day (Saturday), at the chapel at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery on the arrival of the 12:23
p. m. train from San Mateo.Continued on Pa^e Fourteen,
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and HopsA
was easy. -
Feedstuffs remain as before quoted.
BRAN — $21fi22 per tnn.-
MIDDLINGS — S27 50®23 50 per ton.-,
SHORTS — S21<g22 per ton. -..:^
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. S23«23 SO
per ton: Oilcaie Meat at the mill. $23 50(831; '
Jobbing. $-"{2: Cocoanut Cake. 3'J2®23: Cora }
Meal. $02633: Cracked .Cora, $32 50®33 50.
Mixed Feed. $22g2.t: Horse Beans. $30®40 per,
ton: Broom Cora Feed. Wtc per etL f
KAY— Wheat. $10^13; Wheat and O*t. $11® I
Everything remains aboat tna same. Wool }
ts movinar off well. Hopa are quiet, with stocks I
greatly re«luc«<i and croo prospects excellent, !
aad Hides fairly active as to salted, and quiet I
as to iirv.
HIDES AND SKINS — Calls aBd brands sell •
about \*1i\c under quotations. Heavy Sa'tsd f
Steers. 94c: medlTxaj.- 84c; light. 8c; Cow !
Hides. Sc for heaxy and 8c for light: Stags. I
8c- Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted [
Calf. Uc; dry Hides. lCc: dry Kip. Uc; dry »
Another, car of new Hay came In. It was
Volunteer - Wild Oat. mixed with Clover, and
w*s quoted at $7 50 per ton. Other gradis
of Hay remained ' unchanged, bat the feeling
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Foreign Futures.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Mining Stocks Suddenly Decline^
Led by Ophir.
The feature yesterday was ta? sodden break
tn minis? stceks. owing to Cse falliax off ta
the value of the cr? now coming- mit ot tha
misc. Ophtr led the break and sold <Xowa t»
$4 53, closing at $4 70. against $2 23 on Thurs
day. Trading ta ot^er classes of stocks was
Qaiet and devcld of feature.
An assessment cf $$ per share was detia
quent yesterday os tn« capital stock of :.-.»
Goewey Estate Conrp*ny.
The Ophir Miniae Company had advices
yesterday of tie shipment of two mors railroad
carioadj of ere. pairing tweaty-two carlo»ls
now/ en route.
STOCK AXD BONT> EXCHANGE:
FRIDAT. Jane 3—2 9- «-
TTNTTED STATES BONDa
Bid. Ask-f **&. As*.
4s «r conp-.lOT; 1074 4s qr cp aew.l3241-T3^»
4i qx reg.. .io$ 1C«4 1: J9 qr coa^. .. — 10U
MI3CELLANEOU3 BONDS.
Ala A W 5S.1Q1 — !Oa* T Ca Bs-lW-i —
Bay CPC 5s. — VTZ I Do 5s 110^112
Cal C G 3«.10O 105 I Do coo is. — 1C2
Cal O * E % (Oceanic 3 Su. «3 —
m St ct 5a. W 854'Om Cable «s. — 13?i
Cal-st C 5».U5 — ;P*c G Isi 4s. 92 —
C C Wat 3s. — IM |P E Rv 5*.UM*iIC3
Eel L. * P «sl23 1^3 IP4CH *».1*3 —
F * C H «s.«4*a — fP * O R «a.ll« —
Geary-Jt 5a.. — 85 jPowetl-rt «s. — 114
H C*S 54S.10O — »Sac EGAfWs. 3««4 9*
Do 5s 0« ff74:?F * SJV3j.ll* —
Hon R T Ts-106 — 'Sierra R «s.. — 112H
L A Elec 3*. — 1C5 IS P if A b
L A Ry 5s.m4«24' n*' 1 ** l(m —
ULCo<»- — j ««0> «» —
Do gtd *f- — - S P ef C *
Do gtd 3s. 1024 — I norrJASr A -MS —
LAP lem 5(«.1Q1 — «*--1)Sr B.103 —
M*t-st C «s. — 113V- f!3C«r» 1«U»; —
Do Ion 5a-114U — [ «1312> 115 U«
MV* MtT5«.l'n4 — iS?C 1 CX 5s.ltO —
NRR of C«SLl<r7 —ID* stmpd..!^ —
XX» Ss 11*4117 IS P B R «s.l3H» —
FLOCR — California Family Extras. $4 60<^ ,
4 90.. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50<@4 SO; '
Oregon and WasBlngtcn. jobbing at $3 8594 25 I
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices la packages are as •
follows: Graham Flour. $-1 80 per 10O tbs:,
Ry* Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25: Rlee FIcur. '
$7- Ccrn Meal. Si SO: extra cream da. $4 23; -
Oat Grnats. S* 50: Hominy. $4424 25; Buck-'
wheat Flour. $4 50®4 75: Cracked Wheat. $4;''
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 73; : .
Relied Oats, bbls. $7 2SQS £0; ta sacks, $3 75-a
I 10; Pearl Barley. $8; Split Peas, boxes. $7; I
Green Peas. $3 50 per ICO lbs. ;
Flour and Mills tuffs.
CURED MEATS — Baccn. 94c per Ib fbr I
heavy, 10c for Hsrat medlam. 12a for tight, j
134c fcr extra, light and XZiQlSc for sugar- !
cured: Eastern juear-cured Hams. 13c; Call- I
fornia Hams. 12#124«: Kea« Beef. $t&9 I
10 50 per bbl: extra Mess. Jlliilll.V Family, i
S12S12 60; prline Mesa Perk. $14; extra clfar. '
$^3 Mess. $17 5O; Dry Salted Pork. 3»ic: Pis; ;
Pork $2«5: Pies' Feet. $3; Smoked Beef, lia
per ib /
LARD— Tierces quoted at «4e per Ib for ;¦
compound aad 84c for pure: half-barrels, pure. '¦
S^c; 10-Ib traa. OHc; 5-lb tins. »*je; 3-tb tins. -
94c.
, COTTOLENE— One naif barrel^ 3*4 c; three '
half barrel* S^c: one tierce. S?»c; two tierces. .
8c- five tierces. 7%c per Ib.
Don and unchaaged at nievtuas (rootatfons.
with dealers of tae marked falling
off tn business.
Provisions.
CHICAGO. June 1. — CATTLE — Receipts. 3000.
Steady. Good to prime steers, $5 50®« 20; poor
to medium. $4 50<B5 15.: stockers and feeders.!
S3 "5<fH 75: cows. Jl 75iS4 60: heifers. $2 5fl<$5; f
cancers. $1 75©2 70; butts. $2 50«I50; calvesJ
$2 50«3 50.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 20. COO: to-morrow, !
15 OOO. Steady. 5c higher. Mixed and butch- I
ers. $4 «5©4 774: good to choice heavy. $4 73# .
4 SO; rough, heavy, $4 53«4 75; tight. $4 53®
| 75- bulk Of sales, $4 60<&4 73.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000. Sneep aad lambs'
steady. Good to choice wethers, $3®3 60; fair
to choice mixed. $3 754J5; Western sheep. $4 23
JJ5 50; native lambs. $4 30<8>6 30; Western
lambs, $5 50flJ3 f 5. .
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jane 2. — On the Produce Ex- [
change to-day the Butter market was firm; ¦;
Clearaertes. 13U®174c; dairy. l=«16c. Eggs, •
firmer, 15©liHe. Cheese, easier, 7\<g9c \
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
STOCK MABKET.
Nezu York Money Market.
JfTW TOR3C. Jsae 3.— Close: Money oo eafl
firoti Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SA_N FRANCISCO. J=e 3 S p. 9.
The fallowiss; caxiaEinT and rnisin^-a tem
peratures fcr preceding <iay are rtpcrted froa
IU»ura cries:
Boston ..54-4SNrw Oriemns 90-74
Clndnrjii 80-64 P^ladelphia €0-34
Jackscr.vi;!e 60-72 Washington 66-60 \
Kansas City 7«-6o New York 64-54
TEE COAST RECORD.
= a i 5 § 3
— I fin ;i Ti 1
cTATiosrsi ~ 5s 4 1 wi f % Z
Baker 3n.:>i «0 44 NW Pt.CTiy .10
Carson 29.90 «J 46 E Clear .00
Eureka 30. US 5£ 52 N"W Clear .CO
Fresno 28.^4 S2 ff> N Clear .00 1
SK Faranon..23.S» 56 C2 NW Clear .« I
FU^staff «» 42 N"W Ctear .CO
Pocatelio 23. 9<) «2 46 N"W Cloudy .04
lacependenee 23.72 80 €2 NW Clear .¥> \
!«• Ang«es..2».e4 PQ 60 SW Clear .00 <
SCt TJunalpais. 29.^4 74 51 N Clear .CO
Ncrth Head... 30.34 58 £2 NW Clear .«
Pnoenix 29.44 10O 74 W Clear .W
Point Reyes. .23. 7« 57 43 N Clear .60
Portland 30.24 «S 52 NTT Clear .04 !
R*d Kuff 29. S4 -1 ti N Clear .00 j
RoMbcra- ....30.1-s «8 E2 N Clear .60
Sacramento ..23.72 *4 66 NW Ctear .CO
Salt Lake 23 .an e « X Ooudy .02 1
San Francisco. 23. 7»> 70 54 W Clear .00
S. L. Obi»po..23.70 60 E2 NW Clear .«>
S»a Diego St.m CK m S^r Cloudy .00
iieattie C& 54 SW Pt.Cldy .12
fcpeitane 3O.I4 68 « SH Cloudy .C2
Tatooaa Z».ZS 5«5 50 SW Cloudy .C»)
WalU WaiU.. .30.14 74 50 S Clear .02
"Winneniacca JO. 00 «8 42 NE Ciear .W
T=a 23.50 38 7i> S Oar .00
WEATEER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The ijieasuie conUnses low over Southern j
Ca^fornia aad biga over Washington ani
Oresron.
I: »= Ecrtherfy winds prevail ta the Interior
ef California, with afternoon temperatures
ranging frcm SO to 90 degrees. Coaler weather
ia rev- ¦ ¦ : at Los Angeles.
A ttunderstxjmi has occurred at Salt Lake, j
The following high winds are reported:
Southeast ..--=.:.. -r. 4S northwest; Eureka. 2<
ncrth: Red Biufi". 23 northi Eacramecto. 30
rorthwest. and Ei Paso. -M5 West.
Forecast mad* ct Saa Francisco for thirty
noun eci'.s^ ctdn ght. Jca» 4-
Northern California — Fair Saturday, con
• . .-: warm weather; brisk north »-iads.
SoBtnera Callf«-a.a — Fair Saturday, con
tinued warm wea-tner; light easterly winds, j
¦ - ,-z -z f> northerly.
Netaca — Fair Saturday: nanr.er.
San Francisco and vidn2tv--Fair Saturlay.
ccntlcned wtra weather; lU'-t north winds.
¦ «•*¦»«* Ttrg tc fresh w^e»rerlj.
Jl.- G. McAniE. District Fererister.
Fruit and W heat Bulletin.
«?.?! I |l
i?r? ; e =r =
= £ =i 5 - §_
STATIONS- :=== o c - 3
i — : — — — I L_
CloireTTiale 02 55 Clear .00!
Cr.Jnsa *2 «1 N Oear .**) \
Eureka 5* 52 NW Gear .00 j
Frraw -H W N Clear .00 I
Hasfori » €9 Clear .00 I
Hoillsrer *6 4* W Clear .00
Independence «0 «!2 NW Clear .00 ;
K'.r^ Oty 8S 43 N CV»r .00 !
Llmoort SO 4<5 Clear .e0
Lc« Angeles «> CO SW Clear .00 i
Merced 92 43 Clear .00 j
Si?* 93 4S N Oear .00 !
Newcartie •« »4 N Oear .00 1
Newman *» «W N Clear .00
Pa!errr.o 90 69 N Clear .00
Red Staff *« *4 Jf Clear .00 !
Rit-errice «0 5fl . . Oear .«0
Sacrai=«ito *4 *A NW C.ear .DO j
San Diego 6*> «0 SW Clcudy .00 1
San Francisco 70 54 W Oear .00 1
Saa Jo»e *I «S Clear .00,
v^r. Lu'.s Obispo M 52 NW Oar .00
5anta Rcsa S3 45 N Oar .00)
ftorktmi SI «3 Clear .Co J
mom »o <3 N Clear .00 j
WEATHER AND CHOP CONDITIONS. "~ j
Hacfsrd — Ear'y acricots being picked and
dri*d: srrata cmroert* rood.
Riverfidf — Hay and grata making short crip.
'.,-..--;: i-:-: certa wind; bad for haymaking. !
Merred— No Janiare by tira wind.
Colusa — Earl*y ripecing: heavy wind causing
»wra»tie — Fruit ripening slcwly.
Palermo — Burtlett pear crop prociislng well, j
San Jcse — Hay crop very g>.i; truK ripecinc !
Tery fast.
Kewtsaa — High wind hartiax crrm.
livenrcre — Fruit crop wtu be generally poor, i
fJtocJcton — Slight damaxe to asricots by j
atrecff west wind.
HcXlir-jtr — Winter apples light crcp; all sum- i
n:er aocle* m^Jhrci.
Cloveriale — Ltgnt crop ef cherries; grapes la
prt/fasScn r.t bUym.
Sacta Qcsa — Stross; drying north wlacl.
A. G. McADIE. Section Director.
The situation In these markets remains as I
heretofore, trade being very quiet all around. ¦
FRUITS — Apricots. !*<SI0c for Royals and [
Z*2l'2c tar Moorparks: Evaporated Apples. 4 L «& 1
8c: sun-dried. 3$44c; Peaches, 7©"ic; j
Pears. 8H$:2e;,Flg3 white. Z4«3c ta boxes; ,
black. 4>4c: Plcms. pitted. 3@<**e per lb. (
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2U2«ic for the four I
sizes. . 4
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno far 190EI
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50- Ib boxes — Loose Muscatel. 4-crowa.
4c per Ib; 3-crown. 4 i -«c; 2-crown. 4c; Malaga.
loose. 3-crowa. 4c: 2-crowa. 3 v 4 c: Thcmpson's
seedless 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3Uc: Seedless
Muscatels. 3\c; do Coated. 34c; Seeded Rats-
Ina. Iti -01 cartons, fancy. 54c; choice. 3 L *c:;
12-oz cartons, fancy. 44c: cioice. 4*^c; la
bulk, fancy. S^c; choice. 5c; Imperial clus
ters $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $2: Londca
Layers. 3-crtrwn. $1 33; 2-crowa. $1 25.
NXTTS — Walnuts. No. 1 ooftssell. 134914c;
No C. 114<ei2c; No. I hardshell. Ugt34c;
No. 2. ll@114c: Almonds. U4c for Nonpa- {
reils. 114c for I X L. lie for Ne Plas Ultra, ;
and 9fctC for Languedoc; Peanuts. <SO7c far :
Eastern; Pecans. 11913c: Cocoaauts. $4 50>65. ¦
HONEY— Comb. llii«12V»c for white and t
IQifillo for amber; water white extracted. 39 {
8c: tight amber extracted. 4>&S3c; dark. [
BEESWAX— 27g23c per Ia. '
Dried Fruits^Nuts^aisinsJIoney.
CHICAGO. June 3. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, quiet and steady; No. 2
sprin* wheat. 34fi»7c: No. 3, <3iS06c: No. 2
red $1 G4©1»OR: No. 2 corn. 50'-;sr.ou,c: No.
2 yellow. 5lU.#5i4c: No. 2 oats. 4l%$42c; No.
3 .white. 42i8*4Vic: good feedlnc barley 3S©
42c^ fair to choice maltlns. )MM:; Xo. 1
flaxaeed. $1: No. 1 Northwestern. $1 064;
mess pork, per barret. Sll 63(611 70; lard, per
100 pounds. $6 40«i8 424; short rib* aides
4 loose). $»i 5Cfi6 75; short clear sides (boxed)
$S ."ivutt 75. whisky, basis of high wines, $1 23;
clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Articles — ReceplU. Shipments.
Flour, barrels : 47.1CO 61.7C0
Wheat, bushels ..*-- 17.0CO 27.30O
Corn, bushels /..3R2.VX) 357.000
OaU. bushels 120.400 106,200
Rye, bushels ..... 3,900
Barley, bushels - 23,100 7,500
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Flour qr »ks -. in.<!.«<VTrooI hales .... 4C*
Wn*at. ctls 2.433!3tcrt3. sks .... 1TO
Barley etls 3.HXFeed. sks 227
Oats ct!s : «C"P*J'ow. ctls .... Z"l
fora. East. ct!s 2.3^'HMes. No. .... T'<*
Rye ctls irr Pelts. No. -. — 2-«
Beans sks - TTM L»tt«r mils .. X7»
Potatoes. »ks .. l.«3t<TJm*. btls .... 3r«
Pntons. sks ... t'I'Pjwr. reams ... C3
Bran, sks tWWlne. gal* .... «3.13<>
Vt-Mllngs »Jcs. . 2.OT0' Caiccry bbls Xt
Hay. tona . 423 Quidutlier. Ccs. " ;
Hoes bales l.Kn:
OREGON.
Floor. <xr sks .. 10>.31rt' Bran, sks ...... * ' 1
Oats ctls 4-VHops. bales .... 1.S2*
Potatoes, sks .. 1,854
FOR FRIDAY. JU>T2 ».
Receipts of Produce.
- LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — , July. Sept.
Opening "¦ « 4Vi « 4T^
Closing -?- -••• « 4 « 4\
PARIS.
. Wheat — Jane. Sept. -Dec
Opening 20 30 2O 25
dozing 20 20 20 CO
¦ Flour —
Opening 27 50 2730
dosing 27 33 27 30
Sale of Sheepskins.
LONDON. June 3. — A sale of Cape of Good
The leadicg futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 9 —
July, old ... 83 904 S>814 »n=Hi
July new ... «7H fi^% *7i4 S3V*
Sept." old ... *3*4 **k Xi% «H
Sept.. new .. S2 S2!i . SIS 82^
Corn No. 2 — •
Jane 49 1; 50% 43ii 50
July EO^ 51H 5i> 511*
September .. 40^ 494 4S% 434
Oats No. 2 —
June 42 42 41*4 41%
July X>~m 4f>4 30H 4<J4
September .. 314 31 l i 314 31%
' Mess Pork, rer barrel —
July 11 424 11 70 11 374 11 70
September ..11 574 U 00 11574 U 90
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July « 4O 6 50 6 374 * 474
September . . 6 53 8 674 6 55 « 63
Short Ribs per 100 proudi —
July '. « «O « 724 6 *> 6 724
September ..« 774 8 024 « 77% S 90
Variations yesterday were slight.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 ««
I Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S»
'Sterling ELxchange, cables — 4 fS\
-. N«w Yoi;k Exchange, sight — 074
Nfw York Exchonse. telegraphic — 10
Sll ver per ounce — ZZ ~4
Mexlcaa Dollars, nominal 45 O —
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Foreign futures wer* weak. Chi
cago advanced l%c on heavy rains and floods
ta Kansas, where the lowlands were reported
j submerged and many fields under water. Other
¦ parts ot the Southwest reported iK'av-y raini.
! A wire from Chicago said: "A few^ we<it3
j agr> we were buying on dry weather tn Kac#as
: and now we are buying nn wet weather tn th*
; same section." Tae cash situation continued
i slow and cables were dull.
Aside from an advance in futures there was
! nothing new In this market, which was firm.
I but not active.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 25<?l 324: California
White Australian. $1 524^1 374: Northern
Club. $1 3Ogl 40: Northern Bluestem, $1 54>
®1 S3 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session ft to 11:30 a. m.
Open. Hlch. Low. Close.
December ...$1 SIS $1 tH% $1 31 $1 31?,
2 p.m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 32K $1'32* $1324 Si 32i*
BARLEY — There was a fair amount of
' business In car lots of Feed at Si <x;\ and '
the range of quotations was as given below. !
Carti irraln was weak and liberally offered and t
futures were aJso easy in the morning, but re
covered in the afternoon, t
CASH BARLET.
Feed. $1 02H-gl 05; Brewing. $1 074@l 10;
Chevalier. $1 lufcl 15 for fair to choice.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
:•'•' Open. Hi Sh-, Low. CIom.
Open. High. Low. Close. I
December... 9H\ 'M% ' »««4 &n^ 1
OATS — Continue quiet and dealers do not
look tor any especial activity until the new
crop comes in.
White, $1 C%«1 474; Black, $1 22^9
I 274: Red. $1 27fe<ttl 33; Gray, nominal. •
CORN — Chicago has lately been going down
and this market has been going up until them
Is now sufficient margin to enable the local
millers and jobbers to again import Westers .
descriptions at .1 profit. This explains the .
recent maiKed Increase la the Importations
from Western points. The market continues
firm, however, as most of the current im- ,
portations were sold to arrive. '¦
Western sacked. $1 5U@1 55 for Yellow,
$1 47%@1 5-H fcr White and $1 45.31 SO for
Mixed; California Urge Yellow. $1 55«l tiO;
small round do. $1 SCSI 00: White. $1 559 ¦
1 6O per ctl: Egyptian. $1 40«l 54 for White
and $1 274@1 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 30@l 224 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 «3<S2 per ctl.
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW TORK. June 3— The following table !
compiled by Bradstreet. show, the bank clear '
tags at the principal cities for the week ended ,
June 2. w.ta the percentage of tacrea«e and ;
w« I k Sa Ust"year? Pare<1 "^ '** corrM P"^=« '•
_,' . Percenta res. I
ClUes— Amount. lac. Dec. I
£"* York $V.ri«72.97» .... 2V5
Chicago _ 143.371.tT3 37:
Eostcn O5,lSS,0O3 . —>'- i
Philadelphia. 82.13S.573 ... li'j !
St. Louu 47.362.132 3.«
Pittsburg 33.737.331 ««'« i
Sap Francisco ... 2Ji.223.ll3 .... q"j 1
Baltimore 13.9o4.iKi.S '. 97 i
Cincinnati 20.7*s!,3«X) . *l
Kansas City .... 13.SOO.S80 13 4
New Orleans'.... 12.5I«,137 23.7
Cleveland 1I.630.M1 23 9*
Minneapolis 10.704.WO 3.«
Detroit 9.204.343 47!
Louisville 9.714.284 931
Omaha 6.974.93O 3 1
Milwaukee 8,221. 2S4 13
Prc\-ideace 4,725.300 17.6 JL'.'. j
Buffalo " 5,«fi5,f)10 141
Ind'-aaapol!a 5,073,433 .... is"9 ;
St Paul 4.601,422 7^ >
Lcs Angeles 5.332.106 •
St. Joseph I 4.402.638 33.1
Denver f 3.572.431 .... r> » !
Columbus 3.401.100 .... 34 7
Memphis 3.3S0.374 .... 17 7 1
Seattle 3.407,056 .... « 7 :
Richmond 4.000.025 17.5!
Washington 4,154.534 2 0
Savannah 2.«».0«l 21.3 !
Albany 3.117.43O 20.4
Pcctland. Or 2.564.712 12.3 !
Fcrt Worth 2.3(C5.233
Toledo, Ohio 2.6W.812 4.4 '
Salt Lake City... 2.037.3O4 8.0 I
I Peorla 2.XJ3.73.1 IS. 8!
Atlanta 2,1*4.757 12.2 |
I Rochester 3,0*).044 6.3 .... ?
; Hartford 2.2H.944 20.2 1
Nashville 2.tm.S73 5.2 j
I Des Mctnes 1.929.303 3D. 2 ....
! Spokane, Wash... 1.711,387 30.3
Tacoma 1.7S3.«M 2.9 j
t Grand Raptds ... I.XOJG2 8.5
I New Haven 1.543.1M9 .... Id. 7'
j Daytcn 1.314,730 .... 10.4 '
rucrfott 1.5.*4.73a O.»
Springfield. Mass. 1.27H.4.S3 .... 22.7
Worrester _ 1.17U.41S .... 23.9
Pt-rtland. Me 1.20«.7:t5 1.3 '
Ausrosta. Ga «80,7e8 .... "21.6
Tnr-eka W1..117 .« ....
Stoux City 1,133,005 20.7
Syracuse 953.QS3 22.7
Evansvtne 1.1R0.723 14.8 ....
i Rfiralr-rham 1.22fl.l.'a> S.7 ....
WTn-.lnrton. Del.. J,0(W.4«7 1.4
I Knoxv.lle 1.024.323 20.0
Davenport ' W0.22* 0.4
Little Rock...... -5*4.133 21.4
Wll!ce«barre ..... - 71A.3!)9 44.1 I
Fall River B07.0W? 35 4!
Macon 2S6.348 .... 47.1
WTwellng. W. Va. e71,003 .... 13.11
¦mchlta 979.5M 42.5 .... [
i Akron , 423,550 33.5
, Chattanoo«ra , e2*.2Sft 20.4
Springfield. ni...> ««53..'K)o n.2
; KaUmaioo, Mien. «15,6M .... 14.4
Yctingstown 5.*Ui.423 22 3
Helena ' 452.2S4 .... 33.2
Lexington 532.15** .... 4.7
Fanro. N. V 3S0.127 7 3
New Bedford. . t ..' 43S.712 .... 20.1 i
Canton. Ohio 52S.0W 9.1 .... t
Jacksonville. Fla. 702.820 123.4 . '
Lowell 407.0SI 105:
Chester. Pa 350.388 23.2
Greensburg. Pa... 273,557 40 5
Rockfcrd: III 410.972 30.5 ....
Blnghimton ..... 33O.4CO . 18 5
Springfield, O 311.245 .... 35 e
Bloominjrton. III.. 4«0.»«0 2S.8
Quincy. tn 320.7K .... 17 3
Sioux Falls. S. D. 187.615 is.i
Mansfield. Ohio... 1M.S64 33.5
Decxtur. Dl 303,923 3.3* 1
Jacksonville, in.. 130.600 16. 1
Fremont. Neb.... 20+,3/*7 1.4 ...;
•Houston . 9.7S7.I74 9,«
•Galvestoa «.3!)t.fOO 14.5 ....
JCharUston. S. C. 733.702 10.2 ....
Cedar Rapids.... 40C.2S4 P
Totals. U. S... $l,574.7S0.55.1 .... 22 4
Outside N. Tork. 6S2. 107.574 .... 10 8
CANADA. <
Montreal $1S.443,21.1 .... 32.3 (
Toronto 17,022.443 .... 8.8
Winnipeg 5.C67.324 .... .... <
Ottawa 1.SW.001 .... 1S.8 '<
Halifax l.Wtt.447 .... 13.0,
Quebec 1.570.873 .... 21. «'
Vancouver. B. C 1.453,072 «.9 .... ¦
Hamilton l.C?!>.70« .... 5.*
London. Ont 847JXM .... 17.4
Mi* ¦ 11 ft 11— fiMimliCH— isj ii — rfwairii ¦¦!!>! mi J Tftin n m JS*rP\i 1 ¦ ir
Bank Clearings.
LOCAL 3LVEKETS.
SUGAR — The Western Su«r«r Refirtte^ fen.
pany quates as follows, per lb. ta 1S<>-H> bax^:
Cubes. A Crushed and F'=e Cmsh-d. 3.95c:
Powdered 3.*V; Cacdy GranuTatM. .VWr: Dry
Granulated. Cae 5.70c: Dry Gnauiated. coarsm,
3.7Cc; Fruit Granul.i*?d. 3.7">c; E*et Craoo-
Iated flOO-lb ba?s onlrV 5.«0c: Contectioners*
A. 3.7Cc: MornoJla A r,.3»c: Extra C. i30e;
Golden C. 3.1i>c: "D," 5c: barrels. 10c more:
half barrels 23c more; box-s. 50c — jr»: 50-li
bags 10c more for aU kinds. Tablet*— H-»ir
barrel-*. «.2Cc; boxes. 3.43c: H. ft E. Crystal
Domincs. 9.70c per Ib. N> crd»rs •<.'<*-. fw?
less than seventy-fiv? barrels or its equiv^ent.'
RED AND WHITE LEAD— P.»d Lead. 7?i<?
7»»c per lb; Whit* Lead. 7V»S7\c. according
to quantity.
COAL t)n- — Water Whit? Ccal Oil. la boIX
14c; Peart Oil. tn cases, 204c; Astral. 234c;
Star. 204c: Extra Star. 2*Sc; E^Une. 2S4i;
Eocene. 23Hc; DeodcrtiecJ Strrv* Gascliae. ta
bulk. 15c: ta cases — 4e; Benzire. ia bulk.
13c: tn cases. 134c: «ft-degree Gasoiiae. ta
bulk. 2Sc: la caaea. 31c
TUHPENTTNE — flic per ya^oa ta cue* aad
73c ta irura and fmn barrels.
BAG? — Grata Bar» 5%c rwrt aad 3*lc J-n»-
July; Saa Quentin. $3 40; Wool Bags. C$33c:
Fleece Twine. 78«c
COALi — Wellington. $3 per ten: New Welllss;
ton *«: Seattle. $« 3O; Eryar.t. S3 50: Beaver
HUL S3 50; Stanford. S7; Rostya. $7: Coos
Bay $5 5«>. Greta $7: Wallsecd. $7; Rlcna-.ocd.
flats Cumberlaad. $13 in buUc and $14 23 In
¦acks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Exg. S14;
Welsh Aathracite Eg?. $13; Welsh Lcsra.
$11 50; Cannel. $3 CO per ten; Ccke. $11 5C>3l.J
per ton ta bulk aad $13 ia sacks; Rocky Moua
ta!a descrtptioss. $11 45 per 2CC0 Iba aad $12 SO
per locg ton. according to iriiA
nrr s — Quotatioss are for barrels; for cajt-^»
add Sc; Unseed. 43c p«r zx.'.cr. Car boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil la cases. No. 1 7t>c;
BaSsrs' AA. $1 1O61 12: Leers! 43c far botled
aad 45c for raw; China Nut. <51>97r)c per gallon;
Cccoanut Oil ta barrels. C.'kr for Ceylon aad I3o
for Australian : extra bleached winter Sperra
OIL USc; natural winter Sperra Oil. Oc: extr*
bleached winter Whale Oil. 37c: natural Waa!«
OIL 52e: extra winter strain»<J Lard Oil, 73c;
No- 1 Lard OU. 65c; per* Neatsfoot OU 73c;
No 1 Neatsfaot Oil «3c: li«3t Herrln* OU.
42c: dark Herrtrjc Oil. 40r: Salmon Oil S4c:
boiled Fish OU. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 33c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paiat Ott. 31c.
General Merchandise.
Receipts of Strawberries continue to de
crease and are showing much deterioration as
a result of the hot weather Here and ta the
growing district*. Prices of Ldngworths had
a wide range yesterday, witn sonie pow lets
selling below the minimum quotations and
occasional lots of extra fancy commanding a
premium. The canners secur— i some Malindas
at the tastde rate, but the bulk of tne recsipU
sold at *2 5C©1 iA per chest. Nearly all of
rhe offerings of Blackberries were of orttnary
quality and scid slowly. Two chests of strictly
fancy stock came hi from Cerrelttii* aad met
with prompt sale at SCc per drawer, or $10 per
chejt. The other Eerrles were plentiful aad
weak. Currants continued v«ry dull and sold
by tat chest at easier rates. Apricots an.t
new Acplta w«re plentiful aad weaker, while
Fi?s were acarce aad firmer. No mere
Watermeloas came la from Coachella. but
Cantaloupes arrived ratber freely from thai
section and sold at lower prices. -
Caerrtss were the most active as well as the
most r-leatiful fruit oa the market, but re
ceipts were far too heavy for the market ta
absorb, aad despite the active trading prices
were lower and there were large lines of loose
and packed stock still unsold at the close. The
canners were liberal buyers and paid 24^:*-. •
per pound for common white. 3-93 i»c for black
acd 5^3 4c for Hoyai Anne. All dealers re
ported a firm and active market for sound
Navel OracgM aad close clearances of desir
able sizes were readily effected at liriprovsd
prices. The other Citrus fruits were mod
erately active.
STRAWUERP.IKS — $4gS per chest fcr Long
worths and $2$4 for the larger varieties.
LOGAN UERRlEd — S3 50<gi> per chest and
Wii'Zc p"r crate.
BLACKBERRIES— $4-85 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $1»1 5O per crate and 73c
p«r drawer.
GOOSEBERRIES — 2«24c per Ib for eommon
and 3 V. IS 4c fur the Crescn improved.
CURRANTS— $2 5O63 50 per chest.
CHERRIES — BJack. 4C^30c per drawer aad
34i 5c per lb ta balk: White. 25#33c per drawer
and 2"-«34c per lb la bulk; Royal Aane, ,"W^
«£c prf drawer and 4H6CC per Ib la bulk.
APP.ICOT3 — 73c*$l 23 per box cr crate.
APPLES — »1 IC-G- 25 per box for old crop
and 2£<530c for new green.
FIGS — Jl 50 per bcx.
CANTALOUPES^ — $2 73 for small and $4 50
&* for larse crates.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2 5iVg3
for fancy. $1 S0<fc2 50 fcr choice and Slgl 5O
for standard: SeedHngs. SI 25: Valencias. $2#
3 75- Mediterranean Sweets. »L 9O91 73; Tan
gerines *l 3S; Lemona. $2 5C«2 73 fcr fancy.
SI Kt?i "5 for choice and $1©1 23 for stand
ard: Grape Fnxtt. $1 3C«2 for seedlMs and $1^
1 30 for ordinary; Mexican Liines. S3@3 50 per
case- Bananas. $-£3 per beach for Central
American and $1©2 far Hawallaa; Pineapples,
J-'ij3 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Cons for money... 904IN" T Central... .117U
Do for acct.... 9OH!Xor ft. Western... 53%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd so
Atchison 70 \ Oat 4 Western... 22*i
Do pfd 05 [Pennsylvania 5S»i
Eal 4 Ohio Sompjind Mines 104
C»a Pacific 12I>4(Reading 224
Ches ft Ohio 3041 Do 1st pfd...'.. 3»4
Cal Great T\e»t.. 14% Do «d pfd 31 "
cht. Mil ft st P..141 iso Railway ::::: ~m
De Beer. 1JM*| Do pt i 94*4
Den ft Rio G 2O ISo Pacific 4«i»
D^> P" «» [Union Pacific S34
do invii::::: Uwv 1^ &::::::;.: 9 a%
Do 2* pfd 35 I Do pfd : 54%
HI Central 133 Kvabash 19
Louis ft Nash.... 1044! Do P fd 34
M - K * Texas.. 16 ; Spanish 4s «4«
Money — 2®24 per cent
.yJrfwf* t Ot Si";^J- la th * c^ a market for
J?«b m» I YYf*' 1 * per cent ui three
months bills 2 1- 16^24 per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
j. . Northern Business.
SEATTLE. June 3. — Clearings, ST43,*46'
balances. 39S.132.
TACOMA. June 3. — Clearings. $346,401;
balances. *-H,7t;».
PORTLAND. June 8. — Clearings, $687,378
balanees. *?-i,019;
SPOKANE. June 3. — Clearings, $406,770"
balances. $43,1136. - - - .
CHICAGO, June 3. — Alarm In regard to
damage by floods caused a sharp upturn in
wheat to-<iay. the July delivery dosing at an
advance cf l%$2c. Numerous reports of dam
age in Kansas and Missouri, the result of
heavy rains ta that section, had a bullish
effect at the start and initial sales on July
were up i*t?%c to 4'S»ie at 8743S-S7*«c.
A rumor that a large business In flour had
been dene yesterday at Minneapolis on orders
from Japan helped to keep alive bullish senti
ment during the first hour. The market soon
became easier, however. A denial of reported
fisur sales at Minneapolis helped to bring about
the reaction. On the decline July sold off ta
S7m?S7**c. Late la the day sentiment again
became exceedingly bullish. The cause of
tb« renewed strength was the report of a
Minneapolis expert claiming the likelihood of
great damage by fieods la the Southwest. Ac
cording to this authority Indications are for
half a crop In Texas, a small crop in Okla
homa aad a sensational decline In yield
throughout . the Ohio Valley. The demand was
extremely active the last half-hour and prices
aJvanced rapidly. The close was practically
at the high point. After touching ».«Sc July
closed at S3 4c
Heavy rains In the West and strength la
wheat ware the Influences that created a
strong tone In corn. The market closed at
the high point. July opened Vtf?4# hljcher
at EC^tJW^c and closed at the top at 51 He
Rain had a strengthening effect upon the
oats market similar to that In wheat and
com. After opening unchanged to $&C higher
at 3a^i9X>'ie, July closed at 40%®404c.
Provisions were firm throughout the entire
session. Trading was dull early m the day.
but the tats outburst !a wheat caused an
advance. The market closed almost at the
top. Decreased receipts of hogs had a bullish
effect at the start. Trading was mainly in
the September options. September pork clewed
with a gain of 274c at Sll S74. September
lart was up 74C10c and ribs were up
124815c.
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
All three markets under this head are
apathetic and featureless at the moment. There
U plenty of Butter here and Cheese is stm a
drug- while fine Egg3 are firm at the advance
noted yesterday. All quotations remain about
as before.
Receijts were 108,300 Its Butter, 1323 cases
Eg?s ard H3.2C0 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at nrst ha=ds. 134t?l»;
for extras and 174513c for firsts; dairy, 1*9
174c; store Butter. Iwtflic; cold storage, nom
inal.
CHEESE — 8®S4c for good to choice new
and 6©7c for lower grades; Toung Americas.
3«04c; Eastern. 124814c; Western. UglZc
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. l*C20e for fair to choice;
store. l&31ic; Eastern 184'JlSc.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Tie following quotations are for good, soord
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco. less CO
per cent far shrink*?* fcr Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 745^4<:-. Cowj and H«tf
ers «4U7c: thin Cowj, +©5c per tb.
CALVES — 1«44« Per lb .grosa weigatj.
SHcSTP — Wethers. 3H334C; Ewes, 2 \ grfcj
per Ib <rrc»s wei»at>.
LAMBS— S2 25^2 5t> per head.
HOGS — LJ-vs H ii. 140 to 200 IS*, 3c:
200 to 25O lbs. 44=: wr 230 tbs. 4r»c: soft
Hogs nominal; Sows. 20 p»r cest off; Boars.
50 per cent cff. and Stasa. 40 per cea: atZ from
abeve quotations.
DRSSiSET> ME-^TS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers •-> dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6^'QZs far S^crs «nd H»<c per a
VEAl^Larre. 3#7c; «ma!T. 74^3c p«r Ihw
Mt'TTOj; — Wethers. *4§7.-; Ewes. 34S«J
•per Ib. '¦'-'-^
LAM3— 7tJ*c per Ib.
i POPJC — Dr*«»*<i Hoes. 8H'@S4« per a.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Another decline Ir. Mutton and terrt> is)
Bctsd and local batct-rs sai.i yesteV^y lJut
; . .-i:.-t.< ar^ now lower than .'or t*a years.
Bee* !3 unchanged as y«. tut is erpecte«J tc*
tr'ik aexz we»!c. TTl« 9'jdiSen dnf!=« up of
the pasturage in som»» tintortaat sections has
led to Iarxs shipments of stock into this mar
ket, and It Is tiia wSich has ca's^ed 1 the cur
rent pnaousced flecl^i?. A seed easy SSee>
and Lambs are conin? ia tteta. am atrea.iy
merticr.e-i. H<-gs ar» also weai. with th» de
mand very iurSt. ar.ii Cilves are «xtrem?lir d»
pre'a^i. as will be seen by the still lower
Quntaticns.
Meat Market.
Money— (US Steel pt;
Call loans 24fr34i Do v ta 5314
Time loans ...34*44 Westing Common. 78
Bonds — I Mining — 1
Atcniscn 4a ICO4 Adventure 14
Do adj 4s W^lAHouez 5V
Mex Cent 4s 58 I Amal Copper .... 49s,
Rallroads— I.Vmer Zinc 04
Atchison 68 (Atlantic 7^
Do pfd MVijBtagham 204
Boston ft Albary.2«4!calarnet ft Hecla.450
E>o«ton * Maine.. It'ti 4 i Centennial 19
Boston El-v .140 I Copper Range.... 414
Fltchburg- pfd 133 iDaly West 23«
Mex Central «^iDom Coal 59
N T. N H ft H..L<f«4!FrankUn 7
Pore Marquette... 77 Grancy 3 5.13
Union Pacific S2T»!l«le Royale 54
Miscellaneous— |Mass Mining .... 34
An-.er Arge Chem. 14 1 Michigan 31?
Do pfd 74 t Mohawk 33
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 ,'Mont Coal & Coke 3U
Amer Sugar 12«*i'Oid Dominion .. !•»
Do pfd 1244 Oscecla „ 5«
Amer Tel ft Tel. 124 4 (Parrot »n
Amer Woolen ... 10i» ! Quincy so
Do pM 74%|Shianon '.'. "gK
Dom Iron A S... SU'Tamarack so
Ed Elect Hlum...ri5 iTrinlty . 3*'
Gen Electric 134 !u S Mining ." I9U
Mass Electric 1« U S OU . o2
Do pfd «»4 ! Utah ".'.I 331?
Mass Gas V> [Victoria ¦*»
Uaited Fruit 1C8 IWlnoca " sti
Un Shoe Mach... 4.* 4 ! Wolverine ....'." 70
Do pfd 29 I
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Iron c'.osed at 51s 6d ia Glasgow and at 43s
4 Vid tn Mlddlesbcro. Locally trcn was dull
and easier on the southern grades. No. 1
foundry t3 quoted at $14 83^15 25; No. 2 foun
dry. Northern, at $14 25<jS14 30; No. 1 foundry.
Southern, and No. 1 foundry Southern soft.
at $13 25^13 73.
NEW TORK. June 3. — The London tin mar
ket was sligfatly firmer to-day ar.d cabled a
final advance cf 'a to £123 2» fld for spot and
of 2s 6.1 to £122 13s for futures. Locally tin
remained quiet and unchanged closing at
$27 124627 374. *.'
Copper declined 7s *5d in the London market,
closing at £5<5 5s for both spot and futures.
Locally copper was quiet and a shade lower,
with lake quoted at $12^74 and electrolytic
at |12«24©12 «74: casting. $12 374^12 50.
Spelter advanced 2s 6d ia London to £22 2s
M. but remained unchanged locally at $t 874
Lead was at S i 35<©4 4O. or unchanged, in the
local market, but advanced Is 6d In London,
where tt closed at £11 11s 3d.
Kezv York Metal Market.
Receipts of domestic Poultry were mederata,
' but crunsisted chiefiy cf undesirable stock, such
as old. scraggy Roosters and small old Hens.
Large ycunj fowls sold oft well enough at
steady prices. wn!> small and old stock
draggsd. Old Hens were tne weakest descrip
tion and were quoted lower. Hare and Rabbits
were unchanged.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, liglfc per Ib:
G*.w. per pair. |1 50©l 73: Goslings. SI 75^
2: Ducks. $*85 per dozen for old and
S3(£<i fcr young: Hens. J&S7 for Urge and
$4 20Q-5 fcr snail: ycung Roosters. $7 ZQ&H;
old Roosters. U 3C«5: Fryers. S3 CC<a»i 50:
. Broilers. S-i#4 for Ur?e and i-'C'- 5O for
> small: Pistons. SI I3gl ZQ per dcxea for old
: and SI Zi 'a- for Squabs.
GA1IE— Hare. SI SO per doien: Rabbits. St 75
I C2 for Cottontails and 91 per dosea for brush.
Poultry and Game.
Weather Report.
Eisy, Iglii: closing bid, 1; offered. l^J per
Time loaa« — Easy *¦*<* dull; sixty and ninety
days, 25-fa P«r cent; six months, 2V,<33^j per
cent.'
Prime mercantile paper— 3\&t'^» per cent
t-teri'.rLg ex-hange — Firm, with actual busi
ness in tankers' bills at S4.S550(ff4.Si>«o for de
mand and at $4.5745^4. •«750 for sixty-day bills.
Pouted rates — »4 Sis',©* S3.
Commercial bills — *4 64»i®4 S3^.
Ear silver — C5'»c.
Mexican dollars— 44 *jc- . .
Bonds — Govemraents. enner; railroads, it"
regular.
New York Stock Market.*
NEW YORK. June 3.— During the first
I hour of to-da.y'a market a few large buying
criers were executed in a number of stocks,
lifting them to a higher level and causing the
gen-sral market to harden In sympathy. The
movement was net pursued and the market
fell into intense dullness, with no evidence
j cf a c",sj>esition either to buy or sell. The
usijertoue was kept firm by tni« absence of
j »elliE* pressure, but th« market was as near
I stagnant as at any time slace the present neg
1 >ct set in. The recovery in prices was not
accounted for by anything in the day's news.
Excessive rains tn the grain regions wer*
counted against the prospects cf the crops, and
•cme ratier sensational reports circulated tn
Wail itreet cf damage by floodsi The nervous
•- ¦ -» in the cotton market gave rise u> some
rather disturbing rumors of money troubles
growing out of the conditions la ttat mar
ket, but tie effect was ignored on the Stock
Exchange. An unofficial estimate on the acre
age cf the present crop and the June I condi
tion received more attention in tne etock mar
ket than did the movements in the cotton
market itself. The estimates of the week's
currency movement indicate a continuance of
the Sow to tils center. New York gain seems
to be lees Than last week, and New York ex
change at Chicago is rwing slightly. With
the gam on «ubtreasury operations there la
promise of an Increase in cash . of over
, $7,000,000 to be shown by to-morrow'« bank
statement. The statement cf the June 1 money
I in tne csustry was of interest as showing a
decrease of but S23.3tS.21S f<>r May. tn spite
of the heavy outgo of gold. The month's de
crease ts more than accounted for by the de
cUne in gold. But. compared with a year ago,
the amount cf meney tn circulation fcae la
creased S127.1C5.092. cf which S90.2S1.97S was
tn gold coin and certificates. The Indifference
to tie present cutiow of gold, unprecedented
as ft Is tsvetved. for tne period covered is thus
urOrsjood.
Pemusaion was given to-day for the tele- i
graphic transfer to New York ct Si.730,000 la I
Japanese yen to arrive in S*n Francisco next !
week. The report of &tt earnings for April of I
the Union Pacific and the Scuthern Pacific
were decidedly more favorable than has been
the rcie for that month. The stocks of these
roads were even more dull and indifferent than
tne average of the list. A fall tn the price of
copper was without effect la stocks. Frac
tional advances in the coalers and in United
States Steel preferred made the closing firm.
I with crices well maintained.
Bonds were irreg-alar. Total sales (par value*.
I S1.7CJ.OO0. United State* new 4s advanced V»
j per cent ca call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
1 Atehiaon 3.100 *»H f.S'-% Oi
1 Atchiacn fd 10O JcT*, 82*, K
EalU=cr* * Ohio.. 1.200 TS£ 77»i 73
Bait & Ohio pfd 904
Canadian Pacific .. 100 117*4 U"* "^4
Cent cf New Jersey 153
CSesapeak* & Ohio 500 29 r « 29* 4 2a?i
Chicago £. Alton 33
Chi * Alton pf d _ S04
Cni & Gt West ... 1,00«) US 1*H 1*H
Chi ft North we«.era ld> itioi, 163 4 lHii\
Cti Mil * St Paul. 1.200 133 * VH~, VO\
Chi Mil Sc St P pfd 173^
Chi Term £ Trars. 400 « * 5 V
CUT &T pfd 200 14 1*. 1*
C C C 4 St Louis «
Colorado Southern.. 50© 14^4 14 14
Ccio Srcuth 1st pfd. 100 4» 43 43
Colo Soati 2d pfd 18*1
Delaware * Hudson 1.000 133^ 132% 153ix
Dela Lack A West. lo<i 2V) 283 2<»
Denver & Rio Gr.. ICO l»Vi l»^i W%
I>-ver it R G pf d .... 6»5
Erie 3.5*/) 234 231* 23H
Ei-.e 1st pfd 1,»jO 574 5«»» 571*
Erie 2i pfd 34
Kockiig Valley 62
Hockirg Val!*y pfd 79
Illinois Central 300 1234 123 & 129
Iowa Central '. 14
IoTra Centra! pfd 32
Kansas City South. 100 19 13 19
Kan City South pf 4 37
I»uis 4 Naeh »» 107^« 10»5 T i 107
Manhattan L LC0<> 144«* 144 144
Mctrotol Securities. 7<
Metropoi St Ry.... 1.400 110 u lda\ ir»aj
Mian ft St Louis... 100 4-) 40 43
M S P ft Sau.lt S M 2*» C2 614
M S P & S S M pf i 118
Minscnri pacific 1.200 834 534 $34
Mo K\n ft T*x I5H
Mn Kan * Tex pfd. 2J» 334 33S 334
Nat RR oC Mex pfd 34
New York Central. 40O 11*4 H*Vi H44
Norfolk ft Western. 100 34 54 K>,L,
Nor ft West p:d 85 I
Octaric ft Western 11.4C0 22% 22 22 T 4
Pe-tnsy'.vsnia 2.40O IUH 113% 113*, I
Pittsbrs CCfcSL 55 i
P.cadlr.g 25.400 44% 44* 44»i
Read ir.« 1st pfd Js
P.esdir.1 25 cti 4flO «3 «53 «24
Rerk Island Co 2.900 20H 20% 2CV,
Potk Islaad Co pfi l"0 634 C?4 «OVi •
s" L A- S F 2a pfi. 100 424 424 424 I
St L South we*t«rn. S0O 10 4 1QV* 104
SLSWpfd **> MH 2S 23 j
Southern Pacific... t.&OO 434 45% 43^
S./rth:ra Railway. 5.«00 13»i 134 19%
toirt! > »m Rv pii S3
T^Tft ParJc.... W0 2a* »% 2J>Ji
Tcledn St L ft W. ICO 23 23 2i!4
T £tL * W pfd. . . r*> »5H -W 354 f
Union Pacific 7,400 « ' S2H S3
Wafcash --• •'¦•• •••' ;;;; i?r?
Wab»»b rfd 100 334 33Vs 3-J V 4
Wheeling 4 L E JJ,,
Wifccnsin Central "4
Wisconsin Cent pfd ; --i- •— --r; •>• •*
M-xican Central .. 1.200 »% «* «\
Express ccntpanles — ,
*.nv>rican -••• •--• J-j*
United States .
WeHs-Farro =uv ;
iS?SSS!^': : : ««• *& « •*
Xza Car ft Fo-jndry • - 20i> 18?S l"^« ' **** 1
Ara C ft F pfd «2^
Am Cotten OU ;«
An Cotton Oil pfd •-- *«H
A- Irj- 100 **• ** *^
An Ice pfd 100 204 »H"v»;
Am Llnse^tOil --•• •••• JJ^
Am Ll^see* Oil pfd 100 23 23 224
Am Locomotive.... 400 19Vi U% WJ4
Am Locomotive pfd JJJS
Am S-neit ft Rfng. 2«> 52% 51%- 52
Am S ft R ctt »0t) H~H 0~Vi 'i-hi
Am Susar Rtng... 4»> 125 123 12fi
Ansccrjla Mia Co - »*
Brooklyn R T 2.*0O 47«* 4«% «?
t^olo Fuel ft Iron. 300 29Vi 2«% 23
Cccs-jlidated Gas.. 3.900 204 V* 2024 : 203 U
Corn Projects H>Vi
Com Products pfd. SCO «6 634 «5 '
Di*un«rs' Secur .... 20^4 j
Gen-rs! Electric... 100 153 155 1344
Int*x Paper 10
later Paper pfd &S
Isttr Pump 200 344 34 334
Inter Pump pfd .... 72
National Lead I.2W> 13Xj 194 . 13^
North American 814
Faciac MjjI 244 1
People's Gas 95 ;
Pressed Steel Car.. ICO 234 2*4 =i<4 !
Prised Steel C pfd .... «S74 !
Pullman Pal Car '210
Republic Steel 100 «4 • «4 6Vi I
Republic Ste*i pfd 374 '
Rcfcb»r Goods 15
Rubber GootU pfd : 73& '
rrna Cr«.l ft Iron.. 600 33% 33^ 3S*w j
0 S Leather 10ti 64 «4 6^ •
HS9MHHBB9HM^^HIHBHSHH9MB9BflMfl
Strawberrtea are ripe, and h<?d« gr^wn b^r
riem will be plectiTul In the dark«-t» durrng
the week. Apples have set weU. Prases w-.ll
fc« ..*-". bet peaches, rears ar.d cfcemes are
turning oct better than expected earlier in the
Late wheat is ec=isg u? tt» pocr stands, and
corn, potatws and gardens are growing slowly.
Fcraxe rrcT"*. except tinioOiy. are doing well.
*rd the first crop cf alfai^. is being harvested
¦with »«tisfactcry yields. Stock everywhere is
in excellent condition. FaU weesx bariey and
rye are heailing cicely, and these crops are
generally in a very prcsiistng condlticn. not
¦wfA^tanding that scce lowland wheat i= Cnta
tilla. County was baiiy damaged ty freexi=s;
weaiter earlier ta tie aeasrsa. Hops are grow
ing nicely and the hep mea hare now caught
cp with their work so that the yards c»neraily
are well cultiirarecL
The report cf EJward A. BeaU. •ectioB t\
rectsr. United States Weather Bulletin, for
the Orejrca Crop Balietla '.ssr the week esied
3£ry 21 is a* f=:icws:
The past week tas cot been altcgether fa
vorable fsr tiie grewte^ crop*: tn# days were
"war^ier tiiaa usual, but the nigrts were cocl
*.vA severai frosts occurred, tut tae dairagc
<Iooe by ta«m was slirtt and confined F*"inci
l*lly ta tender vegetables. «uch as beans, to
isatoes. etc. Sons* frolt. however, was killed
in the Grande Rande Valley a=d a few other
localities east cf the Cascade Mountains. Tt«
r-L ¦ r early Tuesday meming occurred after
tb» ffe^cwtng rerxsn* were made. Tney wer«
isot only timely, but well clistnbuted. and give
rrocii*» cf cenriTisiina- for another day or s^
ia wtuch case they will be sufficient for all
•neesis asd greatly ccissl&te the growth cf
late crops.
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
] Calf ISc: Sheepskins. sh?ar!Lnifs. 23-SrMV eaca:
• short Wool 40^tf«c -aca: mevlliirn. TCtfflnc- lca«
' Wool. S191 5O. Horse HlJes. salt. SZ 7S tor
' large and J2-&2 30 fcr cwdiuan. SI 2i©t 73 foe
small and Me far Colts. Hcrse Hi«rMi. dry.
$1 73 fJr larje and SI JO fbr m~i<;ni. SI 9: 25
for »iaall and 50c tor Corts. 5uci Sifru — Dry
; Mexican. 3Cc: dry Salr.d MexJcax 23c: dry
Central American. *)«^H<:. Goat Siias— •
' Prime Arfforas. 73e: iarge aad smoota. 30c;
medium. 33c; small. 20e.
', TALLOW — No. I reaa«re^. 4V l^4'-ic p«r lb;
¦ No 2. 3ir«4c; r^aae. 2i.j-e.1c.
; WOOL — Spring Clip — Saa Joaquln and Socta
' ern. 12 cwntos' *6!Ie; io 7 month.*",
per lb; Mtdiile Counties. 12-S18c fir Jree a=<l
liei«c for defective; Ncrtfcerc. ;;., i: - for frew
and Ut» I3c for .iifr^rUve; Nevada. 125Uc mf
' ccrci.-j; to condition.
HOPS — Jotbirrg at 27H£."^>c per la for C»U
fornii. 13C3. Fcr crop cf IWi tie numiaal
auotatloa i* 29c
Receipts of new Potatoes were tighter than
usual and prices ranged higher, as la addi
tion to the regular demand for local consump
tion there was a steady Inquiry far ship
ment to Honolulu and Puget Sound ports-
Old Potatoes continued very dull, with dealers
making concessions to buyers. The steamer
Columbia from Portland added 1634 sacks
to the supplies of Oregon Burb&nks. Onions
were reported steady at unchanged rates.
• The market was liberally supplied with mis
cellaneous vegetables and choice offerings of
most kinds were in good request at steady
rates. Fine String Beans were steady ac *37c
per Ib. and occasional sales of choice refugee
were reported at Sc per lb. Poor q-*a.'rty lots
from Vacaville and the southern part of the
State continued t> drag at 3$6c per lb, and
some very poor lets sold below the minimum
quotation. The canners cleaned up surplus
lots of Asparagus at 4Ht?5c per lb.
POTATOES — New. In boxes. Jl 23igl 75 per
ctl for white and $1 13^1 33 for Early Roie;
la sacks, Sljjl 73 per ctl; old Oregon B"orbaaks.
Sl@l 25 per ctl; old river Bursaaks, sJc^Jl
per ctl-
ONIONS — Australian Teltow. S3 per ctl: new
R ti. 73<g9Oc p«r ' sack; sew Green. 50Q«0e
per bcx.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 23-6.1OC per
dosen; Asparagus. 4^f»5c per lb: Rhubarb. 40
$50c.per bcx; Green Peas. JIcl 23 per sack:
Garden Peas. 2©2^c per lb; String and Wax
Beans, 3#7c per ib; Tomatoes. SI i*><xl 73 per
box or crate for Los Angeles and SI ;¦>'¦>- for
Mexican (repaoked>; Summer Squash "c.?
$1 23 per box; Cabbage. $1 per ctl: Carrots.
$1 23 per sack; Cucumbers. Zf-c-titl per dozen:
do. Marysrille. SI TZfii'Z p«r box; Garlic, new.
5<g6c p«r Ib; Egg Plant. 7^fil0c per lb: Dried
Peppers, S£10c for sua-dried and 12V.Sl.1e per
lb for tvaporated: 1 Dried Okra, 12 -it? 13c per
lb: Gre«n Peppers. 1&512"-<jc per lb for Lea
Angeles and I24#l5c for Mexican: Marrowfat
Squash, jobbing, at lVi$2c per lb-
Potatoes, -Onions and Vegetable*.
I WHEAT— Receipts, S000 bushels. Epot
strong; No. 2 red. nominal; elevator. $1 14%
nominal f. a. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duiuth.
91 MH f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba.
nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
stronger on renewed bad weatlier and crop
news, but eased off under Broflvtakinff at
noon. la the last hour, nevertheless, they
turned strong again oa very bullish winter
wheat crop news by prominent authorities and
closed T-i®l?»c net higher. July dosed at »4c;
September closed at SC%c; December closed
at M^c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES — Steady.
WOOL, — Steady.
PETROLEUM — Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice.
6\c; mild, steady. The market for coffee fu
tures closed steady, net 5 to 13 points lower.
Sates, 32,000 bags. Including June. 5.30c; July.
&.60c; September. 5.>iO@5.S5e; December. <S.10>o<
0.15c; January. <S-20c.
SUGAR. — Raw. steady; refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market ruled
about eteady with demand light. Common are
quoted at 4fj3 I ie; price. 5^€3?ic; choice,
tiC^c; fancy, 7c.
PRUNES — Without ano-wing any appreciable
Increase in demand, prunes seem to> be a little
steadier in tone with holders expressing them
selves more confidently. Quotations range from
2&C to 3*«c. according to grade.
PEACHES — Are la a firm position so far as
supplies are f concerned, and while demand is
moderate prices are well maintained. Choice
are quoted at ?031£e; extra choice, 7V.@3c;
fancy. 0»4t?10c
APRICOTS — Are quiet, but firm. Choice ar»
held at OHiflOc; extra choice-. lO^ISUM-ic;
fancy. U£13c. ,*
NEW TORK. June 3. — FLOUR— Receipts,
15.000 barrels: exports, 740O barrels. Showed
better Inquiry and was - steady.
New York Grain and Produce.
H'cll-strect Stocks firmer on the day.
Local Mining Stocks break suddenly. Others unchanged.
Slight Z'ariations in Siher and Exchange.
Iv'heat and Barley continue quiet and XLiihc.it marked feature.
Oats incctiz'e. Ccrn arriving freelv from the West.
Hay, Bran and Middlings about as before quoted.
Beans still -dull at previous quotations.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs plentiful and the latter firm,
Xo change in Dried Fruits, Nuts or Raisins.
Previsions still xreak and sluggish in all markets.
Wool moving wtlL Hides steady and Hops quiet.
Mutton drops to the lowest point in ten years.
Lamb and Veal lower and Beef and Po*k weak.
Xezv Potatoes higher end old dull end weak.
Oniorj end Vegetables in good supply and steady.
Xoi much change in Poultry and Game.
Lkcmcs tn cctwe movement, but lower.
\czel Oranges cleaning up better at firm prices.
NEW TORK. Jcae 3. — The cotton market
dosed steady, with, the old crop net 2©17
points higher and the new crop months un
changed to 2 polatJ lower.
New York Cotton Market.
V S L«»ather pfd... 500 SO 80 SO
U S Realty 2.30O «% «S4 «ac
U S Realty pfd SO> 53% 39i» Sai,
U 3 Rubber iw> i«i^ isi% - i«'
U S Rubber pfd... 2UO «5S 65* 4 68H
U S trteel 1,300 0?4 ' 8', fl'
r S Steel pfd..... 12.S00 53** 52»i 53H
Wteunghouse Elec. 20<> 13«li 134i, 134'
western Union.... 300 6dia 8*ii 8<J
Total sales....... 128,800.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NETV YORK. June 3.— Xo bond transactions
to-day.
-:»_* AMERICAN CAN COMPANT.
- P^f"?^ bw *• ***** *S« preferred, bid 38.
NSW TORIC BONDS.
L* S ref 2s reg..lO*4!L & N unified 4s. 101
Do coupon 105 |Maa con goid 4«.103?i
°o 3s reg 105\!Mex Cent 4a «3
Co coupon io« | Do lat lac 13li
Do new 4a reg. 132 ?»i Mine & St L. *m. M
2? <^P«a 132S M. K * Texaa 4a, as*,
Do old 4s reg.io« Do 2ds 77
Do coupon 107 XR of M« con 4* 74T,
Atch «ea 4s 10l«i|N T C gea 3^s.. *><S
Do adj is ...'.. 91 JN J C gsn 5«:...U0H
At^acuc :C L 4s. 95 iNor Pac 4s lWiJ
Bal 4 Ohio 4s... 101 HI Do 3a 71V
Do 3His »0\|Xor ± WcmkH
'S trai of Ga 3s.lO«»4|OSL 41 & partlc. 94%
Do 1st lac 74 Pa. conv 3>^s 85H
*,Oftlo *H».142ii|Readlng gea 4s... *»£
CW* Alton 3hs. 73 IS L A I U cob Sm.lliU
C. B & Q new 4s. (H\ S L & S F tg 4s. 82
CM * SP gn 4s.lO» St Louis SW Isu. 82
1 T' V con '»-127H I Seaboard A L 4s. 704
C. R I 4 Pas 4a. 88 So Pacific 4s 90v^
«Do_ c °» 5s 79HlSo Railway 5s...ll5H
S^f^* SL Kn4s - MH|Tex & Pao lsts..H33j
Chi Term 4s. C3H]T. St L * W 4«.. 70
Cons Tobacco 4s. 60V Union Pae 4s 104 xi
Colo & So 4s 82Hi Do conv 4s. 87
C T 4 1 con k «»i'C S Steel 3d 5«.. 73%
Dea & Rio G U. 99 Wabftsh Ists 113$
Erie prior lien 4s. 98U Do deb B 5«T'
Do gen -ts 85 |w * L Erie 4s... S9i|
F U & D C lsts.104 IWla Central 4s... 90
Ho-k Val 4l^s 1O7J4!
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Can 25'Little Chief C3
Alice 40 Ontario 3 73
Br ««ce WiOphlr 5 CO
Braca Con 12; Phoenix 12
Coin Tunrel CSiPotosi 15
Con Ca! 4 Va. .. 1 35;Savag« " •«
Horn Silver 1 XZ, Sierra. Nev II 43
Iron Silver 1 30< Small Hopes is
Leadvilie Con ... 02; Standard 2 C3
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WASHINGTON. June 3.— To-day's statement
cf the Treasury balances ¦hows: Available
cash, balance. 9103,122.671; sold. S70.3SS.7S2.
Cash in the Treasury.
Bean handlers report a very dull market,
wit* to chiiszes la prices.
BEANS — Bayos. #2 25*2 SO; Pea. $2 S<j<S3.
Buyers, £5: small White. 12 «ig3 10; »arif»
White. J2 23©2 53: Pink, $3 43«3 «50; Red.
H 23- Lima. $3 23<@3 30; Red Kidneys. S-t 73-9
3; Blarksse. $1 30^2 U ftrr ctl; Hone Beans.
$2S2 TO.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. W 2&S4 5O-. TeOow
Mustard. S^g- 23; Flax. SI 2C81 «O: Canary.
Z'.-;ii.Z\c for Eastern; Alfalfa. l*«iSI | 5c; Rape.
l%6zc: Timothy. «®6Hc; Hemp, augfc p*r
Ib; MUlet. 3®354e; Brocm Cora Seed. 120^:21
p-r ton.
DRIED PEAS — Buckeye. S3 per ctl; NUea.
fZ 25: Gzrva Peas. HS1 23.
Beans and Seeds.
Hop* and Natal Sheepskins was h»Id here to
day. The cffprlrgs numbered 123,213. The
condition of the situs was unsatisfactory and
competition, was Irregular. Western province,
extra long wooled skins in heavy condition were
generally %i lower, although some clean
otock was sold at unchanged rates. Long
wooled, short wooled and lambs were steady
at fall rates. Shorn skins were i 4 d lower.
East London and Alg:a Bay skins were un
changed. Coarse wooled showed a decllce cf
Vid. .
Do hors* .....15*? — iTrout — ©i!0
Rockflsh — 4?l2HiBrook Trout 75<a!H>
Salmon, fresh ..lS-giUO^WhUeflsh 10# —
Do smoked ...13®23 ; Clams gallon ...60^ —
Sardines 1C<»— | Do hardshelUb S«10
Shrimps — 9 — ICrawfish — ©—
Shad 10@— (Crass, each 13023
Striped Bass ...!5e20 : Mussels lb 12H2I3
Perch 1C4?— (Oyster. Cal. 10O.4C$3<1
Pomplno — ©tOI Do Eastern. dz.3C@4'j
VEGET.UJLES —
Asparagus, lb .. 6t?10" Mushrooms. tb..5Oc2Ml
Artichokes, doz. lJ<g30i Onions, per lb... — @ 2
Beets down Wa — tOkra dr.«d. lh 2te —
Beans, white, lb. 5^— | Potatoes, old. lb.l >•*<&-.!
Colored, per Ik. 5# — j Do new. lb 2~§ 3
Dried lima lb.. — asp SI Parsnips, per dz-lSiffiv
Cabbage, each .. agio, Radishes dz b.;n.l3^:r)
Celery, head ... S®l0i Rhubarb. Ib. — @ 3
Cress, db bunch, l.'tr — 'Sajte. «Js bnchea.234r —
Cucumbers, each. lOa 15 'String Beans. ltt-*MJ12li
Garlic .......... e@ 10 Summer Squash
Green Peppers, lb. I Ow-tJI per lb *. . e@ 8
Dried Peppers . . 16*20: Spinach, per Ib.. 3# (J
Eg^ Plant. ib-.-lC-E'SOi Thyme, db bncii3.25ftf3t)
Green Peas. Ib... 34s eJTurnips. per doz.— U13
Lettuce per 4az.ll<33«> Tomatoes, lb ..12fi&15
Leeks, db bunch. ligrSOt
FISH—
Barrasouta — ©15!Rockcod — ©13
Carp 10@l:*>-,iSea Bass — ®13
Catftsh —4? 12 V Smelts — ©13
Codfish — ®124!;«oles M><gl5
Flounders .1C@ — | Skates, each 10613
Halibut 15<d — liquid — Q—
Herring 8®10jTomcod l-Hft —
Mackerel — © — JTurbot 2*3 —
Do. fresh, lb. .25eJo' Walnuts, per Ib.l2ij£2 > )
Grape Fruit, da. 73c®$l| Watermelons, ea.. — #41
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens. large ea-75c®$l! Ducks, each 73c'£Sl
Do small 50«<Sa;Geesc. each... — ©SI SO
Young Roosters, | Goslings $1 75®2
each 73c©$ltfi«eonj. pair ...— >&M
Cld Hooaters. ea. 50©^ Squabs. p«r pair. 60^70
Fryers, each ...«3®33i Rabbits, each \ZT.tQfftt
Broilers, each . .33@65- Bar*, each — €23
Turkeys, per lo..25©271
FRUITS AND NUTS —
Alllgtr Pairs, ea." — 'g — i Gooseberries, per In
Almonds 15©20| Small 3® «
Apples 5# 8| Large — »1<>
Apricots, lb S®tO| Limes tlox 10-iffi5
Blackberries, per iLe:noris. dot 13*?:Ju
basket 10@12ij! Loganberries.
Cranberries, qt.. — &-i per basket — @10
Cherries, lb aglOi Oranges choice, dz2S'@;0
Currants, lb 4JS «| Do common ...15.-S2U
Cantaloupes. ea,.23<g;35 Pineapples. each.-C""u-tO
Pecans — «.2u| Raisins, lb 1C©L3
Braiil Nuts ....2G# — 1 Easr>berries. per
Bananas, doz 25ig33! basket 10$ 13
Chestnuts . .l£<fc-O'Str'«.*ti<:rrtes.
Coccanuts. each. — Kit)' per drawer 25<g:iO
Figs, dried, lb.. 6@ 10 Tangerines, doz.. 15^20
DAIRT PRODUCE. ETC—
Butter, choice,*!. i&JJ43i Cheese. Swiss ...25/823
Do good — <f35jEggs. per doa
Do packed.lb22HW-3! Honey, comb. Ib.l5<tf-"U
Chees*. Cai lu#I5, Do extracted... lijlu
Cheese. Eastern. 2«>325{
MEATS. PER POUND—
Roast Beef. 1 Mutton Chop*---- — 6 - 15
choice cau ...15<g20iForit Chops — C^
Do plain 10tfl2H:VcaL Cutlets 1*S1S
Roast Veal . ..12 H@13, Corned Beef — « 8
Roast Pork ...12HSl3Beef Stew *&U»
Foreqtr Lamb. — 3 12"-, Mutton Stew 3'i? S
Hlndqtr Lamb... — ©15! Veal Stew lOgl-Vr-.
Foreo.tr Mutton.. 3<SJl:MSoup Meat 5<@IO
Leg Mutton — ©lQJSoup Bones 4tt —
Tndrlotn Steak.^^fclS Hams 15^13
Portrhae Steak. .l»S20, Bacon I3<tf-O
Strloin Steak.. 12Ht?'-3 Pork Sausage.. 124S13
Round Steak ..10>©12H!Chipped Beef ...20© —
Lamb Chop*..... 15©2u| Lard 12*i» —
Mutton. Lamb and Veal are cheaper this
week and prices of other Meats have a down
ward tendency. Fish. Poultry and Game are
unchanged.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs are plentiful and
prices stand exactly the same as quoted last
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington .$— J@10 CO 1 , New
Seattl-j -....$ — ©S6o Wellington $ — ©10 CO
Roslyn $ — «J 9 00 Wellington -
Richmond ..t—Q 9 50( Nut $ — ©SCO
Greta. $— # 9 €0:Cooa Bay $—7 50
The markets are liberally supplied with
Fruits and Vegetables and prices of bath show
considerable revision. Watermelons and Can
taloupes have appeared and they are added to
the list of Fruits.
St. John, N. B 919.732 .../ 6.0
Victoria. B. C 880,274 63.1
Totals, Canada. 150.763,063 13.3 [
•Net Included in totals because coataffilag
other Items than, clearing*.
;>rot inclu-ie.1 la totals because of no com
parisen for last year. ¦•• .•--.
Family Retail Market.
13 SO: Oat. $*&12; WtM Oat. $7£I0; Ear
ley and Oat. $Z"<llz Stock. $7©3: Aiialfa. $79
t 10 per tan.
i STRAW— eCSSOc per balew
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL*, SATURDAY. JLHN~E 4, UDO4.
EASTEBX MABKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
40 AUCTION SilE! 49
i THTHTT HEAD OF DRAFT AND WORK
• HORSZS. welshing from 12iO u> I3i> pounds.
; brcken. tn good order and ready for work.
' Mrst of C:ese horses will weigh 1400 and
j upward. ConslsaeJ by. tna Hall Stock Farna.
Tuta Ccuaty. CSJ.
Also ten head of HIGH CLASS DRIVERS.
Sale taz?9 clace
TUE5DAY,JQne7 f l9«4/at8P.li
1732 aCARKST ST.. sorVu N«o »»«.. S. 7.
Horses at yard Juna 5. Send for cata-
logue.
FEED H- CHASS A CO.
Lf- ¦» Suck Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALE!
¦fefc fe Jfei
On MONDAY, Jnae 6, at n o'doct,
At J. B. HOHAN-E SALETARDS.
Cor. ICta and Eryaat Su.
By order of Mr. John Patterson of Reno. Ne-r..
X will sell 133 head of choice young horses.
Included tn tnL« sale I havo about 3» head ot
. choice youns mares with colts by their -: '. m
1 These torses will arrive at the yards Suniiay
asd will positively be soUl to the hisneac
bidder.
E. WATKIN3. Auct;cn«er.SATS .HE WAS ROBBED.— James GlbblnsT
a miner, living In the New Avenue Houise. -901
Kearny . street, reported to Policeman Nelson
early yesterday morning that three men who
occupied an adjoining room had entered his
room and had robbed him of $20. Nelson ar
rested Loul* Parano on suspicion of being one
of the robber* and locked him * up - 1j» "the
tanks" pen-lnff further , developments.
MRS. 'BOTD GETS ALLOWANCE.— Judge
Coffey made an order ' yesterday giving Jean
McGregor Boyd, the widow of Alexander Boyd.
a family allowance of $200 per month out of
Boyd's estate. >
- Indies arq cordially Invited to visit the
new gas range and heating department
of San Francisco Gas and Electric Co.,
415 Post st., now open for inspection.* ',
SUES UNITED RAILROADS.^John Mulllna
has sued the United -Railroads for (200 dam
ages, alleged .to have been sustained by a col
lision with a Third-street car while the plain*
tiff was drlTlnr a wagon.
Secretary White of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
will take charge of the four little ones
found Thursday night at. 756 Folsom
street aniid improper' surroundings.
Yesterday two of the children were
restored to their parents and the other
two will be placed in some charitable
institutions White states that he, in
tends to thoroughly investigate air the
so-called "baby farms" in the city..
Rescues Four Children.
Floating spots before the eyes, dim
ness of vision and weak eyes, cured by
Murlne Eye Remedies. ; A home cure for
eyes that need. care. . ¦ <•
FIRE IN COOPERAGE SHOP. — Fire broke
out In the cooperage establishment of. C,
Eldrldge at 24 Commercial street shortly after
7 o'clock last night and did $500 damage be
fore It was extinguished. The blaze was
caused by an overheated stove.
Land of the Midnight Sun, ; Glaciers
and a thousand islands en route. Inside
passage. Seasickness unknown. The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
leave Seattle, 9 a. m., June 7, 21, July 5.
19, Aug. 2. 16. For Information, apply
to Pacific Coast S. S. Co.'s Ticket Offices,
4 New Montgomery st. (Palace Hotel)
and 10 Market st. C. D. Dunann, Gen.
Pass. Agt., San Francisco. •
Alaska Excnrslons Season 1004.
A. Ottlnger, the ticket broker, who
almost two years ago was fined $300
by Judge Sloss for violating an In
junction restraining him from hand
ling tickets originally sold by the
Atchlson, Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
road and the Southern - Pacific, and
who since then has spent most of his
tlmeendeavorlng, through legal tech
nicalities to escape paying it, has given
up'the battle. He paid the fine yes
terday. i/'C -
Ottlnger Pays His Fine.
General Adolpheus "W. Greely, chief
signal officer,, has already dispatched
from Washington .and Fort Riley all
the heavy portion of the equipment re
quired. This includes new wire wag
ons, new lance wagons, and the latest
and most Improved field . glasses and
telescopes and other appliances.. Major
West has been ordered to purchase two
automobiles ! here, as well as all the
minor, supplies. No post In the country
is so well situated. for all experiments.
This includes day and night signaling
and also experiments in wireless teleg
raphy.
The annual Inspection of troops sta
tioned at the Presidio will begin on
Monday morning, conducted by ; Gen
eral MacArthur.
Lieutenant . Colonel Sedgwlck Pratt,
inspector general of the Pacific Divi
sion, began an investigation yesterday
Into the scrapping escapade in which
Captain' Frank A. Cook Indulged on
last Monday night.
All along the line, of the army offi
cials stationed here are heard ex
; pressions of good will and support for
Colonel W. L. Pitcher, who.- according
to Eastern reports, is likely to be tried
by court-martial f of . not .marrying a
woman whom . he found he could not
make happy. .The general impression
seems to prevail ; In military circles
that, the lady has been very badly-ad
vised.
The Twenty- eighth Regiment, Colo
nel Owen' J. Sweet, Is almost a
The signal service station at Benicia
is being improved. Major Parker W.
West says work will be finished about
July 1. There are 100 men there, but
under the new orders there will be
double that number.
Captain Eugene O. Fechet will be the
new commander of the post.
Captain C. F. Hartmann will be in
charge of one company and Captain
Charles B. Hepburn in command of the
other. . i
Station^ at Benicia Barracks
Is Being Fitted With New
and Up-to-Date Appliances
SIGNAL SERVICE
IS IMPROVED
A rare chance for mountain lovers and all
who wish a grand vacation is offered In the
personally conducted outing parties which will
leave San Francisco June 22 and 27 for tour*
through Kings River Canyon, across the Sierras
to Lake Tahoe and vice versa. No women or
children will be accommodated and each party
will be limited to thirty persons. Special
round trip rate of $SO covers all traveling ex
penses, embracing a period of two weeks and
nearly 1000 miles of travel through one of the
grandest scenic portions of California. Ap
plication for membership must be filed before
June 16 with A. 8. Mann. Southern Pacific
ticket office, 613 Market street, San Francisco.
Ask for complete Itinerary. •
Personally Conducted Outing Parties
Will Leave San Francisco Juno
22 and 27.
TOURS THROUGH KINGS RIVER
CANYON.
Dr. Leroy M. Taylor. Washington. D.
C, 33 deg. Scottish Mason. Is at Palace."
The deed in question was made in
August, 1895, and conveyed to Kellogg
the entire holdings of Levison and his
wife. The property deeded, which con
sisted of realty on Sutter street, near
Kearny> realty in Nevada, New Jersey
and Germany, and the interest of Levi
son in the California Jewelry Company,
Is estimated to be worth several hun
dred thousand dollars. The deed pro
vided that Kellogg during the lifetime
of Levison and his wife should pay
them $40,000 a year, Mrs. Levison to re
ceive $10,000 and Levison $30,000. It also
provided that the trustee should pay
$50,000 each to Louis O. Levison and
Robert J. • Levison, sons of the de
ceased, when they became 25 years of
age, and that upon the death of both
of the elder Levlsons the trust should
cease and the estate be distributed in
equal shares to the two sons and Em
ma Levison Jonas, a daughter.
Levison died a year after making the
deed. His death did not affect the trust
deed, for the widow and her children
were satisfied with it and continued
sharing Levison's estate, as th§ deed
provided they should. It was when
Gustav Marcus, as executor of Levi
son's will, in order to test the validity
of the document, claimed that the
property should be turned over to him
as executor that It was determined
that an opinion of the court should
be sought. A suit to quiet title was
commenced, with the result that the
deed has been sustained, , and Marcus
as executor has been declared to have
no interest in the property conveyed to
Kellogg as trustee.
Judge Troutt decided yesterday that
the trust deed made by the late Her
man Levison and his wife. Henrietta,
a year before his death in 1896, convey
ing all his property, both real and per
sonal, to M. B. Kellogg, to be held by
him for the benefit of the Levison fam
ily during the lifetime of the makers
of the deed, is a valid deed, and that
the property conveyed therein Is not
subject to the supervision of Gustav
Marcus as executor of Levison's will.
The* findings were signed yesterday.
Judge Troutt Declares That
Trust Created by Herman
Levison Is Still Active
The Grand Jury was in session until
5 o'clock yesterday and will meet
again at 2 o'clock Monday afternoon
to make its final report to the court.
At yesterday's session reports were re
ceived on the District and City Attor
ney offices, highly commending them
as being properly conducted' and es
pecially complimenting the energy and
ability displayed In securing convic
tions In the Botkin, Bowers and Soe
der cases. Reports were also re
celvecj on the offices of Assessor, Re
corder and Tax and License Collector,
which were approved as being thor
oughly and properly conducted.
Grand Jury Report Ready.
J. L. Roundy. extra assistant weigher at ft
per day when employed, promoted to assistant
weigher at $1100 per annum, vice Vehr.
D. W. McNeill, watchman at $720 per an
num, promoted to assistant weigher, vice
Roundey, promoted.
J. W. Nicholson, Inspector, tendered his res
ignation. He has been appointed as an Immi
grant Inspector at Port Angeles, Washington.
Charles A. Stephens, Inspector 45, class 2, at $1
per day, promoted to be clerk No. 11. class 2 (a
new office), at $1500 per annum. The position
vacated baa been abolished.
John A. Betz. Inspector at $3 per diem, to be
extra assistant weigher at $4 per day when
employed, vice Joseph WHson.
Gustavus Vehr, assistant weigher at $1100
per annum, to be Inspector at $3 per day, vice
Betz. .
Customs Collector Stratton reports
the following promotions and appoint
ments:
Several Weighers and Inspectors Ad
vanced Up the Line for Good Work
Performed by Them.
When the case was called yesterday
Attorney Salomon made the formal
motion on statutory grounds and
chiefly on the ground of newly discov
ered evidence. He filed an affidavit
asking for a continuance and alleging
that he had information which he be
lieved to be true that John Cooper, to
whom Soeder confessed that he killed
Blaise, had been convicted of a felony
•In the State of Washington, although
¦he denied that fact under oath.
The Judge said he had no wish to
rush matters and thought a contin
uance should be granted, although he
<31d not think that evidence of that
character could be classed as Inewly
discovered evidence. Salomon prom
ised to be ready by June 21.
The sentence of death upon Leon
Boeder, convicted of the murder of
Joseph Blaise, his brother-in-law, on
the night of January 10, has been
postponed at the request of his attor
neys till June 21. so that they can
have time to prepare affidavits on
their motion for a new trial.
Ills Attorneys Are Granted Time to
Furnish Affidavits on the Motion
for New Trial.
COURT DECREES
DEED IS VALID
PROMOTIONS JfADE IX
THE CUSTOJIS SERVICE
SENTENCE OF DEATH OX
SOEDEK IS POSTPONED
Leave of absence for one month has
been granted Captain John H. Parker,
Twenty-eighth Infantry, cantonment.
Presidio of San Francisco, Cal.
General Arthur MacArthur cele
brated his fifty-ninth birthday on
Thursday.
new regiment. Within only a few
weeks it has received more than 300
recruits. The different companies of
this regiment are now going through
examination by company as to general
military knowledge. Dress parade and
Inspection takes place every afternoon
at 4 o'clock.
Lieutenant General Adna R. Chaf
fee's visit of Inspection to this coast,
probably In July, is attractlns much
interest. From the heavy drills an«l
incessant work that has been going on
at the Presidio, he should*" find the
troops able to make a first-class show-
Ing.
A big crowd attended the band con
cert of the Third Artillery Corps
yesterday afternoon at the post.
Lieutenant ¦ Burton J. Mitchell,
Twelfth Infantry, arrived from Van
couver Barracks yesterday, bringing
nine prisoners to Fort Alcatraz.
"I'll have to take that awful risk,"
said his Honor, after the policeman had
stated that George Indulged in hi?
solar ablutions between the hours of 3
p. m. and 5 a. m. at Pine and Dupont
streets.
"Well, not anywhere. Just now," said
Joe. "You see, I haven't done any
work for two months, because a doctor
said that sunbaths were the only thing
that would save my life. I couldn't
work and bathe in the sun at one and
the same time, could I? Remember, If
you send me to Jail I'll be likely to die
for want of sun." ,
"Don't. throw down a worklngman,"
said Joe Kelly to Judge Mogan when
the policeman had stated his reasons
for making the charge vagrancy.
"Where do you work?" Inquired his
Honor.
The wedding would have taken place
yesterday if the mother of the maiden
had been present to give consent. It Is
to avert conviction of young Senor de
C. on a .rather serious charge that the
marriage Is being rushed by his rela-
These are the names of persons
scheduled to appear at a hymeneal
ceremony this afternoon In the court
room of Judge Mogan:
The bridegroom-elect — Carmelo de
Cenarruzabeitia, aged 19 years.
The bride-to-be — Elolsa Armenia,
aged IS years.
Mother of the bridegroom-elect—Jo
sefa Magunaurrecoechea de Monzo.
Father of the bridegroom-elect — Juan
Zollo de Cenarruzabeitia.
• •' •
her with a knife because she insisted
upon his fulfilling a certain promise
made in apparent sincerity one day
last April. Judge Mogan will hear the
testimony and £ie the knot if the de
fendant prefers wedlock to incarcera
tion.
J. J. Paulsell. an evangelist, had him
self "arrested - to ; ascertain, from Judge
Mogan Whether fit was- unlawful to
distribute . tracts" - among the. bench
warmers in' U nion square. He was cir
culating a, leaflet captioned, "Why Am
I Not a; Christian ?". when a policeman
told him he must cease,- and he wanted
to know if the officer had acted within
his authority. • '
The court-, opined that no mundane
law -was violated by conveying spir-
In the face of a strong protest from
Walter Temple Esq., barrister at law.
Judge /Mogan dismissed the case of
battery against ' Emll Tschnoni, the
Olympic Club athlete whose automo
bile struck Nicholas Holdback while
that gentleman was watching a wizard
perform at Kearny and California
streets one evening last week. Mr.
Temple declared, that he had a witness
who would swear that the . auto was
carelessly handled, but, alas! the wit
ness would not appear In court unless
he were paid one dollar in advance for
his attendance. Then the Judge said
he would not believe anything sworn
to by such a mercenary witness' and
Mr. Temple waxed very wroth.
Jacob Mongola had been in this city
only three weeks when he was arrested
for peddling fruit oii Eddy street with
out a license, and Judge, Mogan . gave
him until next Friday to obtain the
necessary permit.' v
In the same court Thomas McGee,
a horseshoer, was acquitted on the
charge of assaulting Charles Fahren
krog, a "picket" for the Stablemen's
Union, who was patrolling in front of
the Stanford stables on Ellis street
when the alleged battery took .place.
McGee ; was not connected with the
boycotted establishment, but was ad
vising one "Stump" McDonald, also a
"picket," to be on his guard against
some of the non-union Inmates when
Fahrenkrog "butted In" and addressed
some offensive remarks to McGee. Two
stitches were required to make Fah
renkrog's nose presentable after Mc-
Gee had smitten, it. The testimony
was radically contradictory, as the tes
timony in such v cases Invariably is, and
the Judge's dismissal of the' case was
apparently Influenced by trie provoca
tion received by the defendant.
Leiteia Lau, wife of Dr. Lau, a
Chinese dentist, was the complaining
witness in Judge Cabaniss' court
against Maurice Charles, a restaura
teur, and the charge was that the lady
had been insulted by the defendant
because she had protested against hi3
firing bullets from an airgun through
a rear window, of her residence, 1106%
Stockton street, adjoining the defend
ant's place of business. Mrs. Lau was
accompanied by her young daughter
and their rich Oriental costumery en
hanced the color scheme of the court
room.' Charles " fined $20.
• • •
Judge Fritz was served with an prder
restraining him from proceeding with
the preliminary "examination of Ed
ward W. Gunther, accused of attempt
ing to bribe a Juror in a Chinese mur
der trial, pending the hearing by Supe
rior Judge Sloss next Wednesday of
a writ of certiorari applied for by the
defendant's attorneys. If the writ Is
knocked out by Judge Sloss the exam
ination will take place before Judge
Fritz next Friday.
The application states that the com
plaint against Gunther charges more
than one offense, that a -warrant can
be issued for only one offense and that
Gunther is not advised in the warrant
as to the particular offense for which
he was arrested. It is also contended
that the section of the Civil Code un
der which he is accused nas been re
pealed.
• • •
Mr. Douglas and Mr. Andrews were
arm-in-arm as they departed from the
tribunal. Mrs. Douglas walked behind
Mrs. Andrews. The ladies did not shake
hands. ; ;
"Ah, gentlemen, gentlemen," said his"
Honor, "if it hadn't been for the sex,
beginning with Eve, there would be
less masculine contention in the world's
history. If you, Mr. Andrews, arereal-
Ty ready to forget and forgive the as
sault committed by Mr. Douglas, you
can express your good will by giving
him your hand. And you, Mr. Douglas,
would not, I'm sure, refuse to accept
such a pledge of renewed friendship."
Both hands went out simultaneously
and interlocked in cordial grasp.
"Case dismissed," said the Judge.
James Douglas, laundry man, and Ed
ward Andrews, machinist, assured Po
lice Judge Cabaniss that the quarrel
was not of their making, and each of
them regretted having permitted him
self to be dragged into It by his wife.
Never again, they added, shall a wom
en's squabble be allowed to sever, or
even slightly strain, the bond of friend
ship that united them for a long pe
riod prior to the unfortunate "tiff" be
tween Mrs. D. and Mrs. A. last Thurs
day.
Dividing the dwellings of the Doug
lases, and Andrew ses, In the 100 block
of Clara street, is a thin and shaky
wooden partition, and its debilitated
state was really at the bottom of the
trouble. When a door was violently
slammed by Mrs. Douglas the partition
trembled so as to detach several dishes
which Mrs. Andrews had propped
against her side of It, and the crockery
fell to the floor and was smashed. Mrs.
Andrews told her husband of what had
happened, and he spoke to Mr. Doug
las about It, mildly suggesting . that
when Mrs. Douglas closed . a door she
should consider possible vibratory ef
fects. Mr. Douglas irrelevantly replied
that Mrs. Andrews had been talking In
a scandalous way about Mrs. Douglas,
and he would like to have it stopped,
else he might be provoked to compel
Mrs. Douglas K to eat her words, to
which Mr. Douglas retorted by striking
Mr. Andrews below the left eyp. For
which Mr. Douglas was arrested and
charged with battery.
"Mr. Douglas and I have always been
good friends," said Mr. Andrews to
Judge Cabaniss, "and I'm sorry this
thing occurred."
"So am I sorry that it happened,"
said Mr. Douglas, "and It wouldn't
have happened If it hadn't been for the
women."
ltual counsel in literary form to the
loungers in the parks, and Mr. Paulsell
thanked him for the opinion.
\ R. ¦ K. Roberts • of 2817 Union street
left his bicycle in the rack at the Mills
building . entrance - and .. five \ ¦ minutes
later he discovered that. It had been
appropriated and taken away .by some
person unknown. ] Detective ; - Harper
found the wheel- In a pawnshop, where
It had been pledged by .19-year-old Sam
Parraseon, and the arrest of that youth
resulted In Judge Cabaniss sending him
to the Superior .Court . to . answer the
charge of grand larceny. - Master Par
asson had been arrested before for bi
cycle stealing.
• '¦:-?;¦. •
In the court of Judge Fritz the Jury
trialof TLomas P. Monroe, a striking
stableman, accused of calling the pro
prietor of the Nevada stables an ex
convict, consumed two hours and re
sulted in a verdict of acquittal after
three minutes' deliberation by the
"twelve good men and true." All the
witnesses for the prosecution swore
that Monroe used the language alleged
in the complaint, and all the witnesses
for the defense swore Just as firmly
that he did not use it.
"I'm a echool teacher and I've lost
my way," said Rose Bert to the police
man who found her drunk and aimless
ly wandering on Market street at 3:30
o'clock yesterday morning. But the of
ficer knew Rose as ' a chronic vagrant,
and on that charge she will be tried
before Judge Mogan next Tuesday.
Hymen may be enlisted to help out
Joseph Barsuglia. also, as 16-year-old
Vltallna Luperoni declares that in the
sight of heaven and the common law
she is entitled to be his wife. He is 25
years of age, a tailor, with a shop at
Broadway and Montgomery street, and
the warrant sworn to by Vltallna ac
cuses him of having threatened to kill
HUSBANDS FORSWEAR FUTUR E
BATTLING FOR THEIR WIVES
In the Court cf Police Dudge Cabaniss the Respective Mas
culine Heads of Douglas and Andrews Househclds-S v y,
They Will Henceforth Keep Clear cf Women's Squabbles
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, JUNE 4, 1904.
To neglect the hair. Is to lose youth and come
liness. Save It with Parker's Hair Balsarifc
Farker'g Ginger Tonic cures inward pain.'.*
16
' f "^B_____P^ _d__^^^_w' *f___b-_-^_r _5K__t
1 m -^pi <2L J* T^A v^_>
This is an age in which
smart dressing unlocks the
door to society and leads to j
business success. 1
Men in moderate circum-
stances need no longer go to
ready-made clothing stores
and purchase misfit suits, for
they can select material, to
their fancy and have a perfect
fitting suit made to order for
less money at either of the
stores of Chas. Lyons.
Suits From
-$l5_£Up
Trousers to Order
$4^ Up
.. _______ f
Saaip/es end seff-measurements
free by mai'
C_h2bS.lryo_niNS
LONDON TAILOR
72t M^Htgt^^ »ZZ Reiirny^t
HALE'S. . I AL^'.^
Chamois Skin Values
We Neve? Had- Before.
Better skins, larger ones, and less to pay..
Such stirring news will likely bring us the biggest chamois
skin business to-day -on record. Any one who is in need of a
chamois will' do well to take advantage of these offers.
Think of paying gc for as good a white chamois as you can get reg-
ularly at ioc. *
And for ioc a skin twice as big as you usually get, nj4xi4 n».
And at 15c chamois that can't be had under 25c regularly.
25c ones are wonders for quality and weight, 17x22 in.
45c buys a fine carriage chamois skin. 23x25 in. that we haven't seen
sold regularly under 6$c.
And 75c gets a piece big enough to make a child a shirt; a fine,
' white, soft quality, 20%x28 in. . Mv, ' J
flore of Those 29c [~~~ — ~-~ — —
Framed Pictures. Come to f y to f* ,
If you have become interested. in JlUie bCL.e
our picture sales lately you won't TJudermilslinS.
want to miss this one to-day. Here j j • *
are three or four hundred of pretty Money to be saved; dainty gar-
enough pictures for any home and ™ ent » to , be had J more of them to
in variety, enough to suit all. Some choose from than at any other
in black and white, some in gold time -
frames, some water colors. • Not a
picture, we believe, that you can } New Re1t<5 5flc
get in the ordinary way under 50c. 1>CW IJCllt) OVl* .
(Just In.)
ChOCOlate Chips 35C. Some of the cleverest styles we
Trowbridge's — those delicious mo- have seen.
lasses crisp center oiks that we And inexpensive enough to in-
usually sell at 45c; to-day, to get t . £
more candy attention, 35c 1b. icre_i every one. . .k
Perhaps the prettiest effects are to
1200 for Special Selling To-Day. Crushed Belts of taffet«C black or
jv_ ¦'',__, " white, with two styles of fancy
.'-.-•:'- 1 lenS 75C harness buckles in cold or gun
MS/vl-i-f CU: H i, n 4. AS~ metal. Some have dainty oval
l>Igni _3nirtS at 45C. shaped buckles; black, white,
Muslin, plain or twilled. blue, brown, gray and red. 50c.
Flannelettes, fancy or plain. Then there are some soft Crushed
Night shirts that are all right in Leather Belts just in; black,
"every way. 52 inches long, extra brown, tan and white, with neat
full in the body, with military or harness buckles in gold effects.
turn-dowir collars. All sizes. 15 Also soft crushed suede belts
to 18. This price to-day will cer- with gold harness buckles in
, tainly make a stir. 45c. black, white and colors. 50c.
' »_^J "ZZ, . Leather Sets is another late idea
jm*~ /&v - a ' n wn ' c h t^ c belt, collar and
vS^'Jiy^fffS-^-^^i^^^^^rS cuffs are of crushed leather with
pretty colored edges; black with
•^^-^a-^-^Oaifl* CtifiDA white, white with red, brown
— ; "^ with blue, and brown with red.
Market Street, Near Sixth. 50c set.
ADVEETISEMENTS. ? * _-^
f .-... '¦•¦; '.a, ¦•.-¦•«¦,' ii .•;¦...'-•' ..li .-w,)v-i. ........... ._¦ ¦ . -.¦ .....¦¦ \i- r <i > ii'if|iliV)r-"^ifrt^iT^"^*^ ; ""' / -'' 1^-'""^ ;^^^^'*^
Friday and Saturday 'K^T^^^^Bi
Even' Wash Suit is offered at half the regular '^p^^^^^^S '
price. The original lags remain. Price now one-half IBffi-tea^-^^j^^^rW'
Thai's a bold stand so early in the season — and
•mothers know Brown's are the best Wash Suits. But it's our policy to carry no garment
from one season io another — that's the reason of our brand new styles each year. : '
Ifs an opportunity for economical mothers — better take it up.
These Wash Srrirs came in Rassfa-n Blouse, 2# to 6 years, and Sailors, 4 to 12 years. Made of
-washable sllk_ # mercerized linens, chambrzys, Bedford cords, madras, duck, pique and Marseilles.
50c Suits - - 25c
_$l,00 Suits - - 50c $2.50 Suits - - $1.25
31.50 Suits - - 75c $3.50 Suits - - $1.75
-$2.00 Suits - - $1.00 $5.00 Suits - - $2.50
Every Suit guaranteed absolutely fast color
JB Three-Piece Young Men's
Mm Suits , Outing Suits ¦"•'
! J.luV AH «wciL Blue, gray and brown Jacket and trousers; in tweeds and homespuns.
\Pif- P«* ™*< with *—P s «"* with bM «'*>¦
fV A 1 " ably good suit at the price. " Ages 8 The ideal suit for summer wear in country or city-
MV yi to 16 years. Ages 15 to 19 years, from
u\ $4.00 $?.00
S OPEN SATURDAY NIGHT TILL TEN , ¦
MABKS BEOS.
The Proper Thing at the Proper Time.
1 COIVi > ARLY.H
1000 AUTOMOBILE VEILS, £A,i
$1.00 KINO ..... t)Uu
tSGj mv J\ti<_?
They're 8 yards long— HEMSTITCHED
ENDS— come in all the RICH, BRIL-
LIANT SHADES of the SEASON.
20c CHILDREN'S HOSE /2 2 'c
Our famous IRONCLAD HOSE, with
DOUBLE HEEL, TOE and KNEE, for
ACTIVE BOYS and GIRLS. All sizes.
$1.50 VALUE, 88c
Here's a beautiful summer model — A
¦WHITE LAWN WAIST— exactly as pict-
ured; front gracefully full. I Trimmed in
Embroidery Insertion. Rare value at U8c.
$3.00 DUCK SKIRTS S/_©i5
Skirt as PICTURED i« a new fan
PLAITED FLARING MODEL In, the reg-
ulation WALKING LENGTH, in BLUE
and WHITE and HLACK- and WHITE
POLKA dot effect. An IDEAL SKIRT for
the smart summer girl. . -
A RIBBON CHAKC£—!2ic Kini:_5c
2oOO yartJp PLAIN and Fancy Taffeta
WASH -• RIBBONS in all th</ NEWEST,
graduated colors;- 3- Inches ¦ wide. • Fric«
¦ only 5c per. yard." 1 ¦ • . "'
M0KS BROS.
" The Home of Honest Values, " {
1220' 1222-1224 Marked St.
ADVI_&TI_5_____NT__
I R. Special Sales Ji
I Bvery Week I
n China H
I Crockery |
I Glassware a
I Enamel Ware {]
| Household Goods |
I o Watch Our £> I
I f| Prices Talk, p |
1 I It Pays to Trade I N
1 Great American Importing Tea Co's |
I StOreS 206 Third H
H 861 Market 210 Grant are. 1419 Polk H
B 140 Sixth 1819 Derisadero 705 Larkin §3
Bj_75Haiffht. SOW Sixteenth 355 Hayes ft 1
H 3288 Mission 621 Montjt'y av«. 62 Market *»
H -008 Fillmore 2516 Mission 148 Ninth M
H 366 Third 469 Fourth 273- ?4th gj
>»^ _____
BETTE3 THAB GOLD
for the teeth. It prerents decay.' It
hardens th® gtiax- ¦— d jmrifles -_•
breath and mouth.
SAVES ""TEETH
-Cb_** p/ __-L NTS^ *¦)
_ i-i-riJI K M A To mUL * Cured— Cau_> r»-
A\|H IVI [A moved. He-ltA re.torKL
HiO I Illvlr-lNo man A»t*u__ or t-v«>q
Fever. Book <W Ttam,
CURED w £w«» hat-*
v*'»- l/ Buffalo^ ». T. i