SECRETARY WILLIS. TVHO RE
SIGNED FROM CALIFORNIA
WORLDS FAIR COMMISSION.
War News Continued on Page 2.
Unveils Bronze of Stevenson.
EDINBURGH. Scotland. June 27. —
Lord Rosebcry unveiled a bas relief
portrait of Robert Louis Stevenson in
St. Giles Cathedral to-day. The bronze
tablet is the work of the American
sculptor, St. Gaudens, the funds for
which were subscribed in America and
Great Britain.
CALIFORNIA EDUCATOR
TAKES POSITION IN EAST
Dr. Starbuck of Stanford University Is
Elected Member of Faculty of
Indiana College.
RICHMOND. Ind.. June 27.— Dr.
Edwin Starbuck of the Leland Stan
ford University has been elected - to
the faculty, of Earlham College, .
Hauling a Cultivator hi Which Sits His
Wife and Child, He Starts '
for Exposition.
MOLINE, 111., June 27.— Hauling a
cultivator. In which sat his wife and
child. William Hoyt, an employe of the
factory of Deere & .Co.. to-day started
for the -St. Louis Exposition grounds.
It Is his intention to traverse the 300
miles in thirty days and make a tri
umphant entry into the company's ex
hibit.
FACTORY HAND WILL
MAKE NOVEL JOURNEY
LONDON, June 28. — The Standard's
Chefu correspondent says that a
steamship just arrived from Moji re
ports that fehe saw the" Japanese trans
port Sado, which the Russian squad
ron In its recent raid torpedoed and
which drifted away from sight during
a squall, being towed to port The
vessel was beached and a cruiser sent
toassist her also grounded.
Two transports were .then sent out
to 'help the vessel, but one collMed
.with the I cruiser, damaging her -seri
ously. The .name of the cruiser was
unknown to the. officers of the steam
ship.' .' ' : V
CRUISER BADLY DAMAGED.
Astounding Figures Are Submitted
by a Philadelphia Health
Officer.
PHILADELPHIA. June 27. — Dr.
Benjamin Lee, secretary of the Board
of Health, has sent to the authorities
of every tewn in the State statistics
intended as a warning against the use
of the toy pistol.
It is asserted that on the last
Fourth of July there were sacrificed
"on the altar of a lawless and spu
rious patriotism" a greater number
of victims than have been slain in
any of the battles in the Far East or
than were drowned or burned In the
K locum tragedy In the harbor of New
York. • / *
The total number of .'casualties in
the United States on July 4, 1903, was
4349... ; t
THOUSANDS MEET . DEATH
EACH FOURTH OF JULY
SALT LAKE, June 27. — Miss Louise
Grace Emery of Salt Lake will come
into possession of an inheritance val
ued at nearly $2,000,000 next Friday.
Mis3 Emery is a daughter of the late
A. B. Emery, whose widow, Mrs. Su
san B. Emery Holmes, has acted as
guardian of the estate. Part of the
invested capital is represented in two
magnificent apartment houses in Salt
Lake. The rest is in United States
bonds and local industrial, railway
and mining stocks. The estate yielded
an Income of about $150,000 last year.
Miss Emery was IS years old on
May 1 and has just completed her
school course.
Miss Emery of Salt Lake, Aged
Eighteen Years, Will ReceiTe
$2,000,000 Legacy Friday.
FORTUNE IS AWAITING
CONTROL OF YOUNG GIRL
According to newspaper clippings
found in Pennington's pockets he
claims to have taken the former
Prince of Wales, now the King of
England, in his balloon for a trip
above London. / T «
ST. LOUIS. June 27.— E. J. Pen
nington of Mount Vernon, 111., who is
a contestant for the prize In the air
ship contest to be held at the fair,
was arrested at the Southern Hotel
to-day by detectives on a telegram
from the Sheriff at Pittsburg stating
that Pennington is wanted on a war
rant charging conspiracy and fraud.
Pennington denies that he has had
any trouble in Pittsburg and claims to
be at a loss to understand the arrest.
Entered for tlic World's
Fair Races.
Sheriff Takes Into Custody Aeronaut
AIR NAVIGATOR ARRESTED
ON A CHARGE OF FRAUD
TIENTSIN, June 27.— A correspond
ent has seen a translation of a private
letter from' an officer hign in command
under General Kuropatkin to a brother
officer, giving a gloomy view of the
situation for Russia and making dis-*
closures. The writer said:
. ','It^is a shame to see officers con
stantly quarreling, divided into cliques
and' fighting for their own Interests,
until ; Japan, the common enemy, is
forgotten. Every one, from the Vice
roy, and Kuropatkin to Insignificant
subalterns, is quarreling and unwilling
to obey orders. Until the whole systenf
Is changed we cannot hope for victory."
Jealousies of Officers Are Aiding the
Japanese Cause.
FEUDS IN RUSSIAN AR3IY.
WASHINGTON, June 27. — By order
of Cardinal Gibbons, who is one of the
most bitter denouncers of divorce In
the Catholic church, Roberta A. Dab
bin of this city, who- was recently mar
ried to George W. Fleckenschildt by
Rev. William Carroll of St. Patrick's
Church, has been excommunicated for
having deceived a priest In regard to
a former marriage 1 of Fleckenschildt.
Insofar as the Catholic church is con
cerned the marriage is null.
The order is the result of an in
vestigation which has been made by
Cardinal Gibbons of the charge that
Father Carroll was bribed by a sum of
money to perform the marriage cere
mony.
Father Carroll says he returned the
wedding fee' of $5 after discovering
that Fleckenschildt had been divorced.
Conceals the Fact That Her Husband
Was Divorced Man and Is Pun
ished by Cardinal Gibbons.
WO3IAN DECEIVES PRIEST
AND IS EXCOMMUNICATED
According to a "press dispatch from
Tatchekiao to-day a large force has
pushed southward from Tatchekiao
against Oku. While Kuropatkln is thus
extending himself the Japanese, with
great mobility, "seem to.be trying to
concentrate for the purpose of striking
the Russians in flank and rear.
NAVAL LOSS A SEVERE BLOW.
Viceroy Alexieff's message, to-night,
with a brief dispatch from Rear Ad
miral Withoeft, naval commander at
Port Arthur, throws little, additional
light on the sea fight off Port Arthur._
The Admiralty and the Emperor are
awaiting' further details with the same
eagerness as the general public. The
latter to-day for the first time ; re-'
ceived information through the me
diums of foreign telegrams that a fight
has occurred. \ .'.. . .
The loss of "three vessels "of the. Port
Arthur fleet is admitted to be a severe
blow, especially if not purchased "( by
The main Japanese advance contin
ues along the main Fengwangcheng-
Liaoyang road, avoiding the Maotlen
Pass by a detour to the northward. The
advance in all points is being attended
by skirmishing.
Nothing Is known here of the exact
point at which Kuropatkln's main force
is concentrated, though It is believed
that a large part of the Llaoyang force
has been moved Jo a point between
Kinchou and Tatchekiao. .
ST. PETERSBURG, June 27.—Lieu
tenant General Sakharoff's dispatch-re
ceived to-night confirms the belief that
the great decisive battle of. the cam
paign between General Kuropatkln's
main army and the armies of Generals
Kurokl and Oku is imminent. The three
armies aggregate 300,000 men, and their
outposts are to-day r in touch all along
the line. The Japanese evidently tried
to draw Kuropatkin as far : south as
possible, holding out as an incentive a
check to the advance of Oku's main
army.
Meantime Oku swung sharply to the
eastward to join Kuroki toward Cha
pan Pass, Kurokl at the same time
moving a strong force by the right
flank toward Haicheng.
greater loss to the Japanese than re
ported by Vice Admiral Togo. •
The meagerness of the report Is myj
tifying the authorities, .who continue to
believe there has been a later fight,
which has not been .reported.
In the absence of further Information
the Admiralty Is not disposed to criti
cize, although ; it ; is admitted to have
been unfortunate for the squadron at
such a critical time that its command
er should be 1 an officer like Withoefti
who, though personally a brave sailor,
never before ' blew hla flag over a
squadron. 'It is pointed out that he
could not- have been 'forced, to get" out
of Port Arthur, as the situation there
Is not yet by any j means desperate. If
he fought his " way back j through the
Investing fleet If was because, one of.
his patched-up ships had broken 'down
or for some other urgent reason. If
he arrived at the outer harbor at' night
he probably did not want to go into the
Inner roadstead,- because the narrow
ness of the channel made night naviga
tion dangerous, or, possibly, because
one of his "ships "stranded" at the en
trance of the channel. Nothing else
could account 1 for his remaining, in the
outer roadstead, where he would be ex
posed to the 'attack of the Japanese
torpedo-boats at night. ,
SKRYDLOFF MAY BE RAIDING.
There Is 'a- belief that the Vladivor.
stok squadron' put to sea on Saturday
and is .likely to. be; next heard of In
the Korean Straits. The Associated
Press has received a, curious dispatch
from a Russian correspondent at Vlad
ivostok, 1 -who took pains to sav that
Vice Admiral. SkrydlofTs squadron
probably * would s be . .unable to go , out
again for. weeks," as '. the ships , had to
go into *drydock- for the .purpose of
thoroughly - overhauling .their , boilers
and- cleaning . their hulls,' preparatory
to putting, to sea v , to; meet the Baltic
squadron. -The --> dispatch -added that
some of- the V torpedo-boats " had , been
battered 'by storm" during -the last ex
pedition to the Japanese coast. In con
clusion,^. the_i correspondent^savs 'that
nothing - has , been '; heard - of .-Vice Ad
miral Kamlmura'* ; squadron.** . . ¦'
The statement ) that 'Prince "Jaime of
Bourbon was.an eye witness to the
killing of Russian wounded at Vafan
gow attracts considerable attention in
official circles, as the character of such
testimony cannot be ignored. Official
aqtion, . however, is likely to be de
ferred until the ' reports of the Rus
sian commanders have been received.
War Office officials are disposed to re
gard the acts as the work of individual
frenzied soldiers and they cannot be
lieve that ¦ it Is the Intention of the
Japanese commanders to countenance
a : programme of "no quarter."
SALT LAKE. June 27. — Sudden
change from a low elevation to an
altitude of 10.000 feet is given as the
cause of the death of Jackson Taylor
at the mining camp of Alta yester
day. Taylor came to Utah about a
week ago from his home at New
burgh, X. Y. He graduated this year
from the Columbia School of Mines
in New York and was employed as
assayer at a mine In Alta. Alta is
about twenty miles distant from Salt
Lake and la on the summit of: the
Wasatch Mountains, more than a
mile higher than Salt Lake.
The remains were brought to Salt
Lake by team "to-day and will be
shipped to Jackson's home In New-
Mining Man Dies as Result of Sadden
Change From Low Elevation to
Mountain Top.
HIGH ALTITUDE CAUSES
DEATH OF AN ASSAYEU
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEADQUARTERS, EN; THE FIELDy June 27.— The Jap
anese have advanced for two days; and a battle is expected near Maotien Pass, where
the Russians are entrenched. A Russian outpost of 300* retreated before the Japanese
and several Russians were captured. The Japanese army* is in splendid condition.
LONDON, June 28.— It is the -belief 'here, based upon private advices from St.
Petersburg and Berlin, that the Russian Vladivostok squadron has started on another
raid.. It is said SkrydlofFs warships disappeared several days ago, and will soon be
heard from off the Japanese coast or in the -vicinity of Port Arthur. .-:-
CHEFU, June 28 (3 p. m.).— Chinese who left Port Arthur on June 2A say that
only four battleships, live cruisers ancV the torpedo-boats left the harbor on June 23.
Of these three returned badly damaged,but none sank. The several large ships pre
viously damaged carried no I guns. On June 24 the Japanese main army was within
fourteen miles of Port Arthur. Their scouts were nearer.
Forces Soon to Meet in Deadly%Struggle Total Three
Hundred Thousand Men.
RUSSIAN ENGINEERS AND SAPPERS AT WORK ON THE LAND DEFENSES OF PORT ARTHUR.
Governor Pardee Is said to have
urged Willis to reconsider, and met
with a firm refusal. The resignation
goes Into effect on July 11. The place
is worth $200 a month and expenses
and lasts till January next. Governor
Pardee is silent as to Secretary Willis'
successor. ,-, <-. ,
Clarence Willis, son of the secretary,
who has been attached to the commit
tee as draughtsman, also resigned. The
entire Willis family will withdraw from
the State building. The only, statement
that Willis would make was this:
"I am tired out and want to give up
the job. I have worked as long as I
thought I could do the State any good.
I leav> all the befoks posted up and all
the work finished to the present time,
and my successor will have a clear
field. I have wanted to resign for a
long time, but out of courtesy to the
Governor, who has been my friend for
tw*nty-seven years, I waited until he
came. I am going to New York with
my wife and son on a visit to relatives
and will then return to California and
re-enter the newspaper business, which
is congenial to me. I want to say that
I leave here friendly with all and have
no ill will toward any one. My only
complaint is that I have been over
worked. I have not had one day to see
this fair since it opened."
Secretary Willis said nothing about
Fome things that have been gossip
among a few of the California colony
for weeks. One of these Is that there
have been strained relations between
Mrs. Wiggins, wife of one of the com
missioners, and Mrs. Willis, and that
for more than a fortnight they have
not spoken nor taken their meals at
tbe same time in the upper part of the
Ftate building, which is reserved for
the exclusive use of the official family.
This trouble did not prow out of a ques
tion of social precedence, as sometimes
occurs at th^ court of King Edward,
but because Mrs. Wiggins thought, so
it Ik said, that Mrs. Willis should de
vote more of her time to talking to vis
itors downstairs, though Mrs. Willis
declared she could not stand the strain
of giving the glad hand all day long.
The coldness spread to Wiggins and
Willis, it is alleged, and there has been
little cordiality between them. Willis
has been dissatisfied with affairs In
general.
ST. LOUIS, June 27.— Troubles which
havfc been brewing in the California
Worlds Fair committee official family
almost eince the opening of the exposi
tion,- but which have been known to
but a few outside the Mission building,
culminated to-day in the resignation of
K. B. Willis, secretary of the commit
tee. He chose the time when Governor
Pardee was here to sever his connec
tion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS. June 27.— The Pro
hibition leaders who are gathering for
the national convention are still "up
in the air" on the Presidential prob
lem. It Is General Miles who Is keep-
Ing them there. National Committee
man Metcalf said to-day that when a
party of ten Prohibitionists, of which
he was one, called upon General Miles,
the general was evasive and wished
the convention postponed until after
the Democratic convention. Thia, it
is said, ha? been his policy since that
time. Metcalf asserted that, in hla
opini m. : the New England' States
would demand a man who would make
a positive statement of his' position,
and unless General Miles made one
they would vote against him. National
Chairman Stewart said to-day:
"General Miles is a very able man.
He has been a consistent friend of the
anti-liquor movement and in a broad
sense a prohibitionist, but even those
who are pressing forward his name for
the nomination by our party this year
do not say how he stands on the meth
ods of the Prohibition party."
Alonzo E. Wilson of Chicago, Charles
D. Jones of Pennsylvania and John G.
Woolley, the candidate for President
four year3 ago, are prominent In tha
management of the Miles boom. Wil
son has shipped to Indianapolis a lot
of Miles lithographs and a barrel or
two of Miles campaign buttons.
Samuel P. Jones of Georgia, general
ly known as "Sam" Jones, the evan
gelist; James A. Tate of Tennessee.
George W. Carroll of Texas and Felix
T. McWhirter of Indianapolis are
prominently mentioned for the second
place on the ticket.
Special Dispatch to Ths r>n,
Secretary Willis of Cali
fornia Committee
Steps Out.
General Is Coy and Prohi
bition Leaders Are
in Quandary.
GENERAL NELSOJT A. MH-E8.
WHO IS KEEPING PROHIBITION
LEADERS GUESSING.
The letters were not small, being
two to three inches in size, and the
name with thirteen letters was spelled
out in full. Between each letter he
would stop and reheat the instrument.
Nearly half the night was consumed In
the torture. The suffering woman
could do no more than to utter
smothered cries and writhe with pain.
I The work of branding completed,
the husband jerked the gags from
her mouth and left the house. Her
'cries were sufficient to bring assistance
and she* was liberated and physicians
summoned. For hours she was frenzied
with nervous excitement and suffering 1 ,
but opiates and lotions brought partial
relief. She proclaims her Innocence
of any wrongdoing. *
Officers to-night effected the arrest
of Rogers and he is now in Jail.
FREQUENTLY HEATS FILE.
HOUSTON, Tex., June 27. — Mrs.
Julia Rogers, a comely young married
woman, appeared before Justice of the
Peace Matthews to-day with a face
that bore evidence of intense physical
suffering. To the magistrate she ex
hibited proof of inhuman cruelties
heaped upon her last night by her hus
band, Monroe Rogers. The story she
told would have done ample Justice to
the torture chambers of the dark
ages. The jealousy of her husband,
which, she claims, was without foun
dation," is responsible.
With eyes streaming with tears, Mrs.
Rogers exhibited her arms, 'upon
which were frightful burns, arranged
so as to distinctly form the letters of
a" man's name, and he the one who
the jealous husband' believed had in
vaded his home. With his wife gagged,
bound and hung up by the feet, the
jealous husband took his time at heat
ing irons and branding the flesh of the
helpless woman. After 'completing his
fiendish work he left her in her sus
pended position, but removed the gags
that she might cry for help.
Tn p'.aces th*. burns reached to the
bone and' nothing but death will erasja
the name of the imagined rival.
TORTURED FOR HOURS.
Two weeks ago Rogers left home on
a business trip to Sour Lake. His wife
went to live with her sister during his
absence. Yesterdayfetogers returned,
went for his wife and escorted her
home. There was no warning of the
atrocity he was about to perpetrate.
, He procured a quantity of rope, en
tered his wife's room last night, and.
overpowering her, tied her hands and
feet and then gagged her. Removing
her clothing, he suspended her by the
feet with a rope looped through the
transom of a door. He then lighted a
lamp and secured an old file twelve
inches long. He held the file over the
oil blaze until it was red hot and be
gan burning the fiery letters. Smoke
and the fumes of burning flesh filled
the house. He started on the "bare
shoulder and wrote down the arm to
the wrist.
Special Dispatch to The Call
On the other hand, the figures show a
decrease In deaths from consunjptlon
of nearly 55 per cent.
The mortality statistics shoNv that
the increase in pneumonia deaths from
1890 to 19'0 was 5 per cent; of heart
disease, 12 per cent; of kidney disease,
44 per cent; of apoplexy, 17 per cent; of
cancer. 12 per cent.
COAST WOMEN MARRY.
Judging from the figures, the Pa
cific Coast States are the best for mar
riageable women, 60 per cent being
wives, against 59 per cent in the Cen
tral West and 54 per cent in the East.
Contrariwise, the Pacific Coast shows
the smallest percentage of married
men — 45 per cent, against a general
average of 55 per cent in the East and
Middle West.
The average number of persons to a
family in the United States is 4.7. In
1900 the percentage of married among
all persons 15 years or over was 55.5;
of single, 36; of widowed, almost 8 per
cent, and of divorced, four-tenths of 1
per cent:
New York State has the unpleasant
but natural pre-eminence of having
more persons to a dwelling (seven;
than any other State In the Union.
This, of course, is due to the tenement
houses of the metropolis.
Not so agreeable as a national show
ing Is the fact that the number of fam
ilies owning their houses is decreasing.
It is worthy of note that the percent
age of homes owned rises generally
with the Increase of the farming popu
lation and falls with the growing pre
ponderance of the industrial classes.
While the negroes in the South are
largely responsible for this, huge total,
there are still 3,200,000. whites In the il
literate class. Of foreign born illiter
ates New York State has 258,000, or al
most 20 per cent of the total in the,
country. But the Empire State has in
addition 47,000 natives who cannot read
or write. In view of the immense
throng of immigrants that settle in
New York State, it is one of the sur
prising facts that the percentage of
increase of native born In ten years
slightly exceeded the percentage of in
crease of 'foreign born. The showing
Is contrary to that of nearly every
other populous Eastern State.
What might be called family statis
tics present some novel phases. An ex
hibit pleasing to the social reformer Is
a demonstration that the average num
ber of persons to a dwelling is falling.
Thus, in 1900 it was 5.3 persons, while
In 1890 It was 5.5.
XEW YORK HOMES CROWDED.
JfANY. JIXITERATE WHITES.
As a matter of fact the actual num
ber of English, Irish, German and
French residents of the United States
decreased in these ten years, while
Poles, Hungarians, Russians and Ital
ians Increased by a large percentage.
Not entirely disconnected with the
decline in immigration is the pleasing
demonstration by figures that illiteracy
in the United States is decreasing.
Even with the increase in population
of more than 20 per cent from 1890 to
1900, the number of illiterates fell nearly
150,000 in the decade. Yet, even in 1900.
there were 6,180,000 persons 10 years old
or more in the' United States unable to
read or write.
Few realize that the native born
population in ten years rose 22 per cent
and the foreign born less than 12 per
cent. It is apparent "hard times"
were the chief cause of the comparative
decrease of the foreign born population.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON. June 27.— Notably in
teresting and significant are some of
the figures presented in an abstract of
the tenth census, Just published by the
Department of Commerce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Victim Is Suspended by the Heels Dur
ing Operation, Which Lasts
Several Eours.
Pacific Coast Holds Honor of Having
the Highest Proportion of
Married Women.
Percentage of Illiteracy in
the United States
Is Lessening.
Sears on -the Woman's Arm
the Name of His Sup
posed Rival.
Heavy Increase in
the Native-Bom "
Population.
Jealous Husband In
flicts Fiendish
Torture,
GRATIFYING
FIGURES OF
THE CENSUS
BRANDS HIS
WIFE WITH
A HOT IRON
KUROPATKIN'S HUGE ARMY
CONFRONTS OKU AND KUROKI
FOR THE DECISIVE BATTLE
AWAITING
THE WORD
OF MILES
TBS TBZATSXS. > JJ
Alcazar— "Soldiers of Fortune."
Central "Power of to» Cross."
Chutes — Vaudarill*.
Piicbtr's— "The Mormons,"
Orpheunx— Vaudeville. . ¦
TivoU— "Botia Hood."
TEE W2ATKEB.
Toreciurt made at S«x Traa
c!«co for thirty hours ending
mldnig-ht. Jon* S3:
Ban Francisco and vicinity—'
Cloudy Tuesday, with fog la the
morales' and at nlsrht; lljrht
soutswest winds, clanging to
brisk westerly.
A. O. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, JUNE 28, lgO4.
VOLUME XCVJ— XO. 28.
RESIGNS
POSITION
AT FAIR
The San Francisco CallVLADIVOSTOK, ; June 27.— The prize
court has * condemned the ¦ British
steamer Allanton, captured by the Rus
*Laji Vladivostok squadron recently in
Russia Confiscates the Allanton and
Her Cargo* of Coal. ?/ v
.BRITISH SHIP CONDEMNED.
Three-burner range with oven, $8.50,
connected ready for use Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday/ at S. F. Gas and
Electric Co... 415 Fo&T street. /. •
Champion Bootblack Dead.
Cornelius Lyons, long known as the
••champion bootblack of the coast,"
died yesterday morning: at 348 Fre
mont street^ He was a familiar figure
around his stand at 1 Brook street,
the short thoroughfare running be
tween Market and Geary streets, and
he always wore a broad leather belt,
upon which wajs the word "champion"
in relief. It was his boast that he had
a standing wager of $1000 that he
could outshine any bootblack in the
United States. He came to this city
In the early "70*s from Cork, Ireland,
and at one time possessed consider
able money earned at his trade, but
he lost it in atoeks. He leaves a wid
ow, one son and six daughters. The
funeral will take place from his late
residence, 348 Fremont street, at 8:30
«. m. to-day, thence to St. Brendan's
Church, where a* requiem hiyh mass
will be celebrated.
GYANGTSE. Tibet. June 27.-r-Gen
eral Macdonald, with reinforcements,
entered Gyangtse on June 26, after a
somewhat severe fight with the Ti
betans at the Nainl monastery, six
miles distant. , The . monastery was
strongly held ' by the Tibetans., who
were driven . out-. | only after several
hours of, artillery, infantry, and hand
to-hand fighting. '.¦¦,'; ¦':'•,
The British. force lost five men killed
and six wounded. .The -Tibetan loss
was considerable, but . the estimated
numbers were not given out. » i ;V.*-.-7£
Natives Driven From Monastery by
General Macdonald After Several
Hours' Fighting.
FIERCE BATTLE RESULTS ,
IN DEFEAT OF -TIBETANS
CHEFU, June 27.— Chinese arriving
in junks from the vicinity of Port Ar
thur report that the Russians have or
dered all Chinese to leave that place.
, A number of shells fell in the town
of Port Arthur during the bombard
ment by the Japanese on June 23, but
no damage was done, many of the
shells failing to explode!
A Japanese officer who went on board
one of the Junks off the/ Miaotao Isl
ands, seventy-five miles south of Port
Arthur, told the Chinese that one Japa
nese torpedo-boat was damaged during
the engagement off Port Arthur on
June 23 and sank in the Gulf of Pechill.
The officer said that./ two other Japa
nese torpedo-boats were badly dam
aged. ¦: t
Port Arthur Battle.
Japanese Officer Admits 'Lows in the
TORPEDO-BOAT SUNK.
KNOCKED DOWN* BT A CAR.— About »
o'clock last evening Mrs. Georg* Hurd. who
lives at 1726 Devtaadero street, was knocked
down by a car as she was crossing Devlsa
dero street near Center. She received a lacer
ated wound over the left ere and a po?«lbl*
fracture of the skull.
"It has been stated in foreign news
paf^rs . and in telegrams f rcrm Tokio
that' the Japanese had taken the Rus
sian flag in the battle of Vafangow.
The chief of the" general field staff to
the Imperial Viceroy in the Far East,
In reply to the question asked by the
Minister of War, stated on June 26
that the flag was, not taken, but only
a small ensign, which was instituted
by the active service regulations to
indicate where the commander of a
regiment was to be found during a
battle and during an encampment for
the night."
ST. PETERSBURG, June 27.— The
following has been issued by the gen
eral staff:
Russians Deny Claim Made by the
Tokio War Board.
FLAG NOT CAPTURED.
LONDON, June 27. — Mrs. W. N.
MacMillan of St. Louis reached Lon
don to-day after traversing Abyssinia
a! the head of her own caravan. This
American is the llrs^ white woman to
cross Emperor Menelik's country from
west to east. She accompanied the
expedition organized by her husband
in November, 1903, so far as Pokum,
at the base of the Abyssinian hills.
Then MacMillan started for. Lake, Ru
dolf and his wife went to Adis Abeda,
the capital of Abyssinia, where sTTe
had a special audience with the Em
peror. Mrs. MacMlllan's caravan took
four weeks to journey from Pokum to
Use capital.
The American met with every cour
tesy by the Abyssinian chiefs while
on her way, and, although she
traversed a country supposed to be in
habited by hostile tribes, she saw no
sign of unfriendliness. On the con
trary, hundreds of supposed hostiles
gathered and formed a guard of honor
for the caravan for miles along the
river banks. '.';. ;?;U \
At the Head of Her Own Caravan
She Crosses Menelik's Country
From West to East.
AMERICAN WOMAN MAKES
A REMARKABLE TRIP
LEADVILLE. Colo., June 27.—Wal
lace Colby, a well-known mining man,
met a horrible death while driving this
evening. The horse stumbled and Col
by was thrown forward under the
horse's heels. His feat caught in the
seat springs and in this manner he was
dragged through the principal street of
the city. When the horse was finally
stopped Colby's brains had been bat
tered out by the animal's hoofs.
Is Thrown From Wnson and Is
Dragged to His Deatli Through
Leadville's Streets.* .
MINING MAN KILLED
WHILE ENJOYING A DRIVE
BERLIN. Jyne 27. — The Govern
ment has decided to send a warship
to Port au Prince, Hayti, after having
agreed with th«« French Government
that a simple apology was not suffi
cient reparation on the part of the
Government of Hayti for the recent
ctoning of the French and German
Ministers by the palace guard at the
Haytien capital.
Through misapprehension, accident
or carelessness the full force of water
wm turned on. and a mad struggle to
**cape by means of the manholes en
sued, with the result that thirty-three
persons were killed. j
GERMANY ALSO TO SEND
A WARSHIP TO HAYTI
• KINGSTON. Jamaica. June 27.—Thir
ty-three persons were killed by an ac
cident which took place near Spanish
Town, ten miles west of Kingston, this
morning in the main conduit of the
West India Electric Company, which
operates the street cars from Kingston
and the shareholders of which are prin
cipally Canadians.
Nearly one hundred laborers had been
detailed to remove sand from the enor
mous pipe, which is a mile long and
which conveyB water from the in-take
on the Rio Cobre to the turbines of the
power-house. The work had practically
been completed when orders were given
to allow a small quantity of water to
enter the conduit.
Are at Work and Thirty-Three
• Perish.
Water I- Turned on While laborers
MEN DROWNED LIKE RATS
IN AN IMMENSE CONDUIT
"Not the least interesting revelation
of the war," says the correspondent,
"is the unexpected efllciency of the
Japanese cavalry.^whlch hitherto has
been regarded as the weakest point in
the army. Actual operations have
proved that the, Japanese cavalry is
not only able to hold its own against
the Cossacks, but in several instances
it has shown itself superior, especially
in the hilly districts."
LONDON, June 28. — The Standard's
Tokio correspondent says Field Mar
shal Marquis Oyama, who recently
was appointed commander in chief of
the Japanese forces in Manchuria, and
Lieutenant General Kodama, his chief
of staff, will leave for Manchuria on
July 6.
Brown Horsemen Easily Hold Their
Own With Famed Cossacks.
CAVALRY A SURPRISE.
The police of Plymouth now say that
Loomis ,was drowned and that he must
have fallen overboard before the vessel
reached her anchorage. After a most
exhaustive search and the investigation
of every clew they are confident that
he did not land at Plymouth.
There- Is no confirmation of the report
sent to the Central News from Ham
burg that the body of Loomis had been
washed ashore near Cherbeurg, France,
A dispatch from Hamburg says noth
ing is knqwn there^pf anything which
could give rise to such a report.
Nowhere, neither in London nor Ply
mouth, has anything throw
ing the slightest light on the situation,
and where it was at first believed that
a few days would solve the question of
the whereabouts of the missing man,
the gloomiest view is now taken.
LONDON, June 28.— The mystery sur
rounding the disappearance of Kent J.
Loomis continues to attract much at
tention from the London newspapers,
and all the papers this morning fea
ture the case.
English Police Xo Longer
of Belief That Missing
Man Landed M Plymouth
structor respectively. "
Officers who have been retired while
holding those positions as well as
those now holding them will jjot
therefore be entitled to the use of
"rear admiral" before their names.
The question of a captain acting as
chief of the line bureau with the rank
and pay of a rear admiral is not so
definitely disposed of.
WASHINGTON. June 27. — The
question whether every naval bureau
."•¦hief should be known as rear ad
miral has long been mooted in naval
circles. Secretary Moody to-day di
rected the Bureau of Navigation to
put into effect the Attorney General's
decision upholding the law which de
clared that the chiefs of bureaus of
Fupplies and accounts, medicine and
surgery and construction and repair
should be known as paymaster gen
eral, surgeon general and chief con-
Secretary Moody Settles Mooted Ques
tion by Ordering Enforcement of
• Attonicv Generars Decision.
HEADS OP DEPARTMENTS
ARE NOT HEAR ADMIRALS
Notwithstanding the fact that two of
Courtney's men, Captain Coffin, at No.
2 in the varsity boat, and Forbes, at
No. 3 in the four-oared, are out owing
to illness, there is no lack of Cornell
money to-night to back her crews for
first place in all three events, the
freshmen, four-oared and varsity
races.
A condition such as never before
prevailed at Poughkeepsie since college
racing began here will obtain to-mor
row. E. T. Foote and George Foote,
cousins, are to row for Cornell in two
races. E. T. Foote will stroke the four
oared crew and will take Coffin's place
in the varsity boat, while George
Foote, who rows No. 4 in the varsity
eight, will take Forbes" place at No. 3
in the varsity four.
Wisconsin stands next|to Cornell in
the betting to-night. The experts to
night weigh Cornell and Wisconsin in
either hand. Curiously enough Penn
sylvania does not seem to figure much
in the calculations, but Coach Ward
expresses great confidence in his men.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. Y.. June 27.—
Uncertainty as to the result is the feel
ing here on the eve of the contest for
the rowing supremacy between the col
lege crews of the University of Penn
sylvania, Columbia, Georgetown. Cor
nell, Wisconsin and Syracuse. Changes
in the various boats have been so fre
quent that it has been difficult to in
telligently compare the respective var
sity crews. Coach Courtney of Cor
nell has had the most trying experi
ence in this particular, but despite the
fact that two of his men are to row in
two races, he expresses art ever-abid
ing faith in the hardy men he has pre
pared for the struggle.
There is every indication of fine
weather and good water for the races
to-morrow and the coaches seem well
satisfied with the condition of every
man who will appear at the starting
line.
More than fifteen hundred delegates
are expected to attend the convention
from every place in the State.» The
special train from Los Angeles will
stop a few hours in San Jose as the
guests of the members of the society
in that city. The San Josearw will en
tertain the Southern California dele
gation royally and will follow them in
a special train to this city. « Another
special train will come from Alameda
County, reaching this city about 6
o'clock Wednesday evening, the open
ing date of the convention.
Each of these special trains will be
met by a committee of young ladies,
headed by Miss Bess McMinn and Miss
Carlc-tta McMinn, and each delegate
will be presented with a pretty floral
souvenir of the City of Roses.
The chorus of more than a hundred
voices, which has prepared music for
the convention, will have its last re
hearsal at the Atheneum Monday even
ing at 7:15 o'clock. For this the Man
darin quartet and Miss Alice G. Mc-
Millin and Miss Gertrude Freitag. the
latter the soloists of the convention,
will attend.
SANTA ROSA, June 27.— Trains have
already started from Southern Califor
nia to the annual session of the Cali
fornia Christian Endeavor Union,
which will be held in this city, begin
ning Wednesday and continuing for
five days. At 11 o'clock this morning
the delegates from San Diego departed
en route to S*nta Rosa.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOOMIS DEAD
IS THE THEORY
Students of University Are
Sanguine of Victory De
spite Stroke of Hard Luck
Special Train Carrying the
Southern California Dele
gation Starts Northward
NOW AWAITING
ENDEAVORERS
CORNELL STILL
FULL OF FAITH
Co»sacks Wreck Telegraph Office.
SEOUL, Korea, June 27.— The tele
graph office at Pakchong was destroy
ed by Cossacks yesterday.
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEAD
QUARTERS IN THE FIELD. FENG
WANGCHENG. SUNDAY, June 26.— A
party of eighteen correspondents and
military attaches has been -conducted
on a tour of the main Japanese 'works
beyond headquarters. It was seen that
great care had been taken in building
these works and the attaches remarked
that the temporary defenses had been
constructed with more pains than most
European armies would take under
similar circumstances.
At Liaoyang, where it was hitherto
thought the first meeting between the
Uvo armies in forced w'uiird occur, the
Russians have guns in. position mount
ed on the city wall' aim trenches on the
plain south of this; city^extending over
an arc of 180 degrees'. ¦Iv.These trenches
are so constructed .ithat they can be
flooded during the rainy season..
Fen^vangchciig Strongly Fortified by
thoArmy of Kuroki. (
WELL BUILT ENTRENCHMENTS.
All day yesterday Russian troops
were hurrying southward from Tatche
kiao. and as night fell battalions were
continuously moving out briskly to the
accompaniment of their battle songs.
Clouds at dust hun^.over the marching
columns, and the chorus of the In
fantry singers was occasionally inter
rupted by the rattle and clang of guns
drawn at a ptr.art trot and followed by
giilloi'fcr.g Squadrons of cavalry. It was
a stirring spectacle to see the Russian
fenny eagerly hast^niiig. singing, into
battle. The old battle hymns last heard
in the Balkans res-ounded among the
hills and valleys as v ith bayonets glis
tening in the sun the regimental colors
were borne majestically forward. For
hours after darkness fell over the scene
one could still hear the rattle of mov
ing guns, the creaking of commissariat
wagnns and the tread of inarching
men, while occasionally in place of the
war songs of the soldiers homely melo
dies recounting the joys of village life,
which, carried the minds of the men
back to their distant homes in Russia,
echoed through the air.
As this dispatch is filed news has
leached here that General Kuroki is
marching upon Haicheng.
Sharp firing was heard in the hitts
yesterday at daybreak and severe fight
ing is recited to be In progress near
ihe village of Touches. An officer who
galloped In yesterday wening reported
that the Ruvsiar.s were gaining the up
per hand and driving back the enemy.
This, however, has not ret Wen con
firmed.
TATCHEKIAO (between Kiachou
end Haicheng. Liaotur.g Peninsula).
June 27.— A great battle seems to be
impendir4gk A portion of the Russian
army has assumed the offensive against
the Japanese forces commanded by
General Oku. and it is reported that
General Kuroki is moving along the
Russian left flank against Haicheng.
According to a high personage General
Kuroki'p army is strong enough to take
the offensive, and he presumably is
anxious for a decisive action before the
rains begin.
says:' . - ¦ ¦ ... ¦¦ ' ¦ ' -•
"The effect of the attack and the
small loss must be- attributed to the
Illustrious virtues of his MaJeBty." ,
"At dawn on Friday a 7 reconnais
sance of the entrance was made by the
fourth and fifth flotillas.* whose report
confirmed that of the patrol ships as
to the Russian loss."
Admiral Togo says the moonlight and
the narrow line of the enemy "prevented
his fleet inflicting greater damage. The
Japanese loss was unexpectedly, small.
The destroyer Shirakumo was • struck
in the .cabin and three of her crew
were killed and three wounded. The
first-class torpedo boat Chidori was
strucR-- In the engine-room. Torpedo
boats 64, 66 and 53 were damaged. The
others engaged were uninjured. . Vln
concluding his report Admiral .Togo
"At 8:22 p. m. the small flotillas
swung around the rear of the Japan
ese fleet' and headed toward the Rus
sians at full speed.
"At 9:30 p: m. the fourteenth flotilla
delivered the first attack on the Rus
sian fleet, now in the rear of a point
five miles outside the entrance to Port
Arthur. Immediately after\fard the
fifth flotilla delivered a second attack.
The Russian fleet was confused and It
was impossible for it to retreat quickly
into the harbor on^account of the nar
rowness of the channel and, possibly,
the low tide.
"At 10:30 p. m. the Russian fleet
anchored in a single line extending
from the Xpot of Wantsucing fort to
the base of Chentaorhan. During the
night the torpedo flotillas kept up con
stant attacks on the Russian fleet, go
ing in eight times.
"The most effective attack was that
of the sixteenth flotilla, which, at 11:30
p. m., caught the Russians rounding
Shenshen. The first-class torpedo boat
Shirataka, Commander Wakabayashi,
sent two torpedoes into a battleship
of the Peresviet class. She was seen
to sink in a volume of smoke and fire.
Other effects . of the attack were not
observed, on account of the heavy fir
ing which cast volumes of water over
the flotilla and the .heavy cannonading
which rent the air* The searchlights
from the ships and~forts also blinded
the Japanese.
RUSSIAN LOSS CONFIRMED.
"The vessels engaged In clearing the
harbor finally made a passage and the
Novik led the Russian fleet seaward.
In the meantime Admiral Togo con
cealed the positions of his ships and
at 4 o'clock sent the third squadron out
into the vision of the Russians, with
the object of drawing them seaward.
The Russian fleet stood southeastward
and then southward. During this time
Admiral Togo concealed his first
squadron south of Gugan rock. As
the Russians approached Admiral
Togo assembled his fleet and prepared
to attack. At 6; 15 p. m. the Russians
were in plain sight eight miles north
west of Gugan rock. The Cesarevitch
led and the nine others followed in a
single line. The Novik and seven de
stroyers were placed at the right of
the line. Admiral Togo waited, with
battle flags flying from all the tops.
The Japanese fleet formation repre
sented the first letter of, the Japanese
alphabet. Inverted.
"At 7:30 j). m. the Russians headed
for the Japanese and Admiral Togo
veered slightly to the right, in order
to bring pressure against the "head of
the Russian formation. At 8 p. m. the
Russians changed their course and
headed northward. Admiral Togo fol
lowed in a long single line, ordering
the destroyers and torpedo boats to
prepare for an attack after sundown.
SMALL FLOTILLAS ATTACK.
"Captain Asai, commanding the Jap
anese torpedo flotilla, attacked the ves
sels erigaged in clearing out the mines
and hariipered the work. At ; 3 o'clock
seven Russian destroyers appeared und
the Japanese vigorously attacked them.
One of the Russian destroyers, which
was hit and set on fire, retreated to
the harbor burning. The Nov'.k at
tacked the Japanese, who scurried
away.
The entire 1 Russian fleet steamed out
to sea in line of battle. Suddenly when
within 14,000 meters of the Japanese fleet
the Russians refused battle and steamed
I back to an anchorage outside the har
bor. Where during the night the Japanese
destroyers and, torpedo-boats made
eight desperate attacks upon It.' The
Russian vessels re-entered the harbor
on Friday,, since which time it has
failed to appear.- In his report Admiral
Togo says: ;
"The exit: of the Russian fleet from
Port Arthur harbor began early Thurs
day., The battleships Peresviet, Pol
tava arid Sevastopol, the armored
cruiser Bayan and the protected cruis
ers Pellada, Diana, Askold and Novik
came first, a steamship leading them,
clearing mines.
"A warning^flashed by wireless tele
graph by the Japanese patrol brought
up Admiral Togo's fleet at full speed
to a series of prearranged stations.
Three flotillas of Japanese destroyers j
and torpedo-boats steamed close to the
harbor entrance and watched the Rus
sian vessels. At 11 o'clock the Russian
battleships Cesarevitch, Retvizan and
Pobieda Joined the other Russian ships
outside the. harbor. Several steamships
and boats were engaged in clearing
and exploding mines, in order to make
a passage seaward.
RUSSUN DESTROYER HIT.
TOKIO, June 27.— Togo's detailed re
port of his attack on Port Arthur last
Thursday night has reached Tokio. It
confirms the reported destruction of a
Russian battleship of the Peresviet
type/fiha disabling of a battleship of
the Sevastopol class and a protected
cruise*- resembling the Diana and the
damaging of a torpedo destroyer, but
throws no, light upon the Russian plan.
ST PETERSBURG, June 27.— The
Japanese have evacuated Senuchen,
apparently with the object of enticing
General Kuropatkin southward. In the
meanwhile General Kuroki is advanc
ing on Haicheng. ready to attack the
Russian left, and is again moving
troops north from Fengwangcheng.
The Russians lost eighty-one men in
the recent fight north of Aiyangpien
men, about sixty, miles northeast of
Fengwangcheng, «n the Mukden road.
-Not since the war began has such an
air of excitement pervaded, the War,
Office and Admiralty. The news re
ceived during the next few days is ex
pected to largely determine the fate of
the present campaign on land and sea.
The spirits of the Russians have appre
ciably risen at the prospect that, after
all, the sortie of the squadron of 'Rear
Admiral Withoeft, in command of the
naval forces at Port Arthur, while it
may have resulted in the loss of some
of the Russian ships, has been success
ful.
Japanese Retreat a Feint to Entice
Russians Southward.
CHEFU, June 27.— While cruising off
Port Arthur on Saturday morning the
Chicago News' dispatch-boat Fawan
heard continued firing from 3 to 6
o'clock. It was concluded the Japanese
were making another reconnaissance.
At 2 o'clock that afternoon a Japanese
cruiser, four destroyers and four tor
pedo boats approached from the east,
but retired at 5 o'clock withcrut ac
tion. One of the destroyers evidently
had been recently in action, as two of
her funnels were patched and knocked
out of line. The cruiser sent a boat
to board and search the Fawan. An
officer said the fall of Port Arthur was
expected at about the middle of next
month. He indicated,- that the shore
fighting was progressing steadily. He
said the Russian cruisers Askold and
Diana were injured in the fight on
June 22.
Intermittent firing was heard from
behind the fortress all Sunday as the
Fawan cruised off the coast. The at-'
tack appeared especially heavy be
tween 4 and 5 o'clock in the afternoon,
after which it ceased.
The Fawan found a mine adrift near
Miaotao- Islands. On examination it
proved to be a Russian electro-contact
mine. The Japanese mines are en
tirely different.
Several bodies of Russian sailors
came ashore on the islands within the
last few days. It is supposed they
came from the battleship that was
sunk in the naval fight last Thursday.
WOULD lATRE KUROPATKIN.
Dispatch-Boat Reports Continuous
Firing at Port Arthur.
FIGHTING ON LAND AND SEA.
the northern part of Liaotung Penin
sula is attributed here to the less of two
or three transports carrying ammuni
tion. It Is also reported that the naval
battle off Port Arthur caused an al
teration in the Japanese plans.
Shortage of Ammunition.
LIAOYANG,. June '27. — The apparent
.cub t inn of tha .Tu na n akh . arl vajuia in
t
"The enemy's right flank took the of
fensive at 6 p. m. Our two companies
of sharpshooters and a company of
cavalry, commanded by Second Captain
Cerderberg, having dismounted, put the
Japanese battalion In full retreat by
well'sustained point blank volltfys.
which inflicted considerable losses.
"The fight continued until nightfall.
Thanks to the darkness, ,we were able
to move our ' guns. A vacillating ad
vance of the enemy's Infantry was
checked by the fire of our sharpshoot
ers and the fight ended at 9 p. m."
"Our losses were Staff ' Lieutenant
Colonel Romelko. Goukl, Lieutenant
Colonel Yakovalef , Lieutenant of Cos
sacks Nevitoff, Second Lieutenant -of
Cossacks NikolaiefT, Second Lieutenant
Schlflbski and Second Lleutrtiant Hoff
man and twenty-six . men killed and
fifty-three men wounded, Beven of
them seriously.
"The enemy's losses were consider
able."
"Following are the details of the re
connaissance of the Japanese forces
made by a Russian detachment on June
22 at Aiyangtienmen: At 10:^30 a, m.
the cavalry of our advance guard drove
the enemy from the trenches of their
advanced positions. At 1:20 p. m. four
Russian guns of the mountain horse ar
tillery had been placed in position
against the enemy's right flank, which
they bombarded with great success, the
enemy retiring. The serried ranks of
the Japanese troops developed a violent
fusillade, which, however, was almost
without result.
"At this moment our Infantry came
up and four companies were thrown
against the right flank of the enemy'*
position, _one company being held in re
serve to protect our right flank, against
which two Japanese companies were'
advancing. The enemy fell ba<»k 'under*
the energetic pressure of our fire for a
distance of two or three miles, evacu
ating their positions at 4 p. m.
"At the moment that our Cossack
batterj' approached the enemy's prlnci :
pa! position it was exposed to the con
centrated" fire of eighteen mounted
guns, and within a few minutes eight
Cossacks were killed and twenty were
wounded. The gunners at that time
had the shelter of the nearest stone
building, but ouV companies continued
to repulse the enemy until the main
position of the enemy was reached,
when three regiments of Japanese in
fantry were discovered. Having ascer
tained the strength of the , enemy the
commander of our detachment deter
mined to stop the advance and ordered
the mountain battery not to change its
position, in order not to expose it to
unnecessary losses.
DARKNESS ENDS. FIGHT.
BATTLE OF JUNE 22.
"The enemy on the main road was
stopped first by two companies of
sharpshooters, constituting our van
posts, which slowly started northward.
Reinforced by two companies the en
emy at 2:20 o'clock in the afternoon
occupied Tuinpu. The sharpshooters
retired north toward Phakhessan,
twenty-two miles north of Seluchen.
Our losses were Lieutenant OglobefT
and fiv? sharpshooters wounded.
ATTACK STRETCHER BEARERS.
"On June 25 about a battalion of Jap
anese infantry, inarching out from
Tur.gnpntze. five miles northwest of
Feluchen, along theVoad to the Mao
tien Pass, w as repulsed by two com
panies of our sharpshooters outposted
near Tafanku. The sharpshooters fell
back, first on Urtungtl and then upon
Kontsi&putze. Captain Yangchukov
sky, in command of one company of
the sharpshooters, was wounded. His
wounds were dressed by Dr. Rysch
koff of the Red Cross, and Captain
Yangchukovsky was being carried to
the rear on a stretcher, when the Jap
anese rushed on from the flank. Threp
stretcher bearers were wounded and
captured and Captain Yangchukovsky
And Dr. Ryschkoff were also captured.
We had also two sharpshooters killed
and Lieutenant Serpukhovitinoff and
thirteen s-harpshooters wounded.
"During the night of June 25 the en
emy, a regiment of infantry and a regi
ment of cavalry strong, remained at
Tuinpu.
"At 9 o'clock on the morning of June
26 a Japanese battalion marched along
the SiuyYn-Haicheng road from Stok
hodza in the direction of Vandzia
lijdza. The enemy's infantry and
mounted guns followed the vanguard
at midday.
"The enemy also resumed the ad
vance on the morning of June 26 from
Tuinpu in the direction of Ikhakhehun,
along the mam rqad to the Maotien de
file through Urlundi and the road to
the Madiapudze Pass, turning our
right. The enemy was located in the
Maotien Pass.
"At least a regiment of infantry, with
artillery, was ordered to proceed along
the main road to Liaoyang. This de
tachment reached Tidiavaiza at 9 a. m.
We have received no other report re
garding this movement.
ST.. PETERSBURG. June 27.— Th°
War Office has received the following
dispatch irom Lieutenant General Sak
haroff, dated June 26:
"There is reason to suppose that a
considerable force of the enemy pro
ceeded from Wangtsla station in the
direction of the mountains, marching
toward the Chapan Pass.
"Our patrols on June 25 noticed that
the Japanese were beginning to move
along the northern Siuyen-Kaichou
road. The enemy on June 25 undertook
to advance from Seluchan toward the
Liaoyang main road and also along
the road leading to the Maotien Pass,
eleven miles northeast of Ssluchen. A
battalion advanced along the Laoyang
main road and a regiment of infantry
and two squadrons of cavalry along
the valley of the Tsao River. A bat
talion an-1 two squadrons marched
westward in the direction of the
mountains.
General Sakharoff Sends Details of Minor
Engagements on the Eve of the
Expected Great Combat.
BELFAST, Ireland, June 27.— The
owners of the Allanton have sent a dis>
patch to Vladivostok, instructing the
captain of the Allanton to appeal. In
the meanwhile the British Government
has asked Russia to supply full de
tails of the seizure of the steamship. ,
the Straits of Korea, for carrying con
traband of war, and has confiscated
the ship and her cargo of 6500 tons of
anthracite coal valued at $500,000. .'The
firm at Singapore to which the coal
was consigned is the same concern
that supplied Japan with contraband
during the* Japanese-Chinese war.
The Japanese vessel captured by the
Russian torpedo-boats > at the time of
the recent raid also has been - con
demned. The captains of the prizes are
allowed a month in which to appeal.
Kuropatkin's Big
Army Begins Its
Advance.
Russians Go Forth
Singing to Meet
the Enemy.
Togo's Graphic Ac
count of Sea
Battle.
Falling Tide Cuts
Off Retreat of
'Russians.
VANGUARDS BATTLE DAILY WHILE
ARMIES MANEUVER FOR POSITION
THK SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1904.
' MEYER QET8 ONE YEAR.— United States
District Judge do Haven yesterday sentenced
John. Meyer to serve one year"s Imprisonment
in the : Alameda County " Jail for : embasullng
• io tram a. letter addressed to John Lava.
2
i ADVESTISEMENTS;
1^^*?~jP- h*3 "For Infants pnd fihild^pn
Kind You Have
M AlWdyS bOUSili
AVegetablePreparclionforAs- m m
similatinglheFoodandReguIa- S _. ff
ttngtheStosiwcteaMBownsoT m JDeaXS 1118 0 i
Promotes Digcslion.Cheerfur- g i7 •# bA#
ness and Rest.Contains neither w n r ff % . W
Opium.Morphine norMhieral. $g Ul #ff\ 0\ \J
Tvot "Narcotic. |a ' gi \\*f#
JktveafOUJt-SAMVZLPnWXR ¦:-. • \^\^
flmffjAiit Seed- \ j§| 1 J V
JhcSmita. * Ml l#fl c
H&mSrsti- |£3 ll JW ll
CtnriAfd Sugar WA ASW M * ' 81
»W£5 !ZL_ I H f\f *F| II CO
Aperfecl Remedy for Constipa- {|| I II fV VwU
Tion.SourStomach.Diarrhoea wt I 1 kf
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- sill «f £? A i* MlfftP
ness and Loss of Sleep, m yy* 1 0 1 U V U I
Facsimile Signature of ;j |
£sU>#9&£zs*s 3 Thiptu Yd d re
NEW YORK. m I II I I 1 ¥ lUUl U
TMC CCNTAU* COMPANY. NtW VOWN CITY.
a, •nviT H - >r TflT-' M "PioTa- __"_^_
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. 1^^^^%.
S V ROfVTTT m /r m if' l\ \JUDGE COFFET'S VACATION. — Sajwiior
Joc!*e Hoct will hear the probate matter* ta
Judge Coffer's cccrt trlnie the Utter Is on hi*
vaca-tica. - J -ig- CcSey wui depart to-<2ay for
fit. "LaalM.
having closed their apartment at
Stoneleigh Court, Washington, D. C,
for. two months, are occupying the
home of Mr. and Mrs. Edward Booth.
1214 Harrison street," Oakland. Mr. and
Mrs. Booth axe summering at their
country place at Brookdale, Santa
Cruz County, Cai. .. - — —
SANTA ROSA, June 27.— As the re
sult of the explosion of a toy cannon
which he was using, Fred Maroil will
probably lose the sight of both eyes.
Maroil loaded hi3 cannon with a heavy
charge Sunday and applied the fuse.
While he was still leaning over the
cannon it exploded and ' the charge
took effect in the boy's eyes.
Boy Hurt by Toy Cannon.
WOODLAND, June 27.— The Wood- i
land creamery was burned this even- J
ing, together with all its contents. The '
loss is estimated at $10,000. The de
struction of the concern Is of ,great
import to this community, as it was
the depot for the dairying interests.
During the fire an explosion wrecked
a part of the struature. This has af
forded cause for the suspicion that In- I
eendlaries set fire to the building. \
. -r- .-•¦ j
Dairying Interests Suffer Loss of an
Important Concern of
Yolo County.
FIRE DESTROYS THE
WOODLAND CREAMERY
TACOMA. Wash., June 27. — After
seventy-two straight trips to Honolulu
without a break, the barkentine
Klickitat will enter the California lum
ber trade. She ia now loading lumber
at Port Gamble for San Pedro and
will probably remain on that route for
some time. This change is due to dull
ness in the Hawaiian lumber market.
Captain Cutler has spent a number
of years aruiding the Klickitat back
and forth between Port Gamble and
Honolulu. Water front men claim
to be. laying wagers that the old
barkentine will ado^t the tactics 1 of
a frisky bronco when she gets down
the coast and refuse to be ' headed
south. The Klickitat undoubtedly
holds the record for the number of
voyages made by a sailing vessel be
tween the sound and a single port.
Barkentine Klickitat Will Soon Re
enter the Pacific Coast Lum
ber Trade.
LEAVES HAWAIIAN RUN
AFTER MANY VOYAGES
llrs. Mary C. Reaser died to-day at
her home, i4S Thirty-fifth street, aged ;
72 years. The deceased was a native •
of New York and leaves five children, j
Mrs. Alice Courier, Mrs. S. C- Kilgore, I
Charles D., George W. and Wilbur A.
Reaser.
ALAMEDA. Jcne 27. — Mrs. Harriet
N. Loop of. 1017 San Antonio avenue, J
who came to California In 1843. !
passed away yesterday in a San Fran- !
cisco hospitaL She was the wife of !
Sidney J. Loop, mother of Mrs. J. K- j
Hamilton and Frank Sumner Loop !
and sister of Mrs. Isabelle A. Somera |
and Mrs. George L. Swett. Deceased j
was a native of Indiana, aged 63 years, j
OAKLAND. June 27. — Mrs. Julia I
Bain, aged 47 years, died yesterday at j
her home, 1223 Seventh avenue, after j
a long illness. The deceased was the j
wife of Robert B. Bain and leaves j
three sons, Charles H-, Frederick B. I
and Robert B. Bain Jr. i
Alameda County Deaths.
Californians In New York.
NEW TORK, June 27. — The follow
ing Californians are registered in New
Tork:
From San Francisco — Mrs. Aber
nathy, at the Cosmopolitan; J. P.
Allen, at the Broadway Central; A. F.
Bridge and H. S. Bridge, at the Hotel
Navarre; F. B. Burnell, at the Herald
Square; Mrs. T. H. Chamberlain, at
the St. George; S. B. Connell and M.
P. Fisher, at the Hotel Imperial; J. T.
Gilmartin, at the Navarre; J. V. Goff
and wife, at the Broadway Central;
Miss A. C. Gregg and Miss C Gregg,
at the Kensington; E. H. Hamilton, at
the Hoffman; W. W. Hoag. at the
Hotel Imperial; L. A. Kellogg, at the
Holland; C. V. Manner and wife, at
the Imperial; E. C. McCulIough, at the
York; S! L. Plant, at the Herald
Square; A. Rudgear and wife, at the
Imperial; G. C. Smith, at the Herald
Square; Mrs. J. D. Spreckels and Miss
L. Spreckels, at the Albemarle; J.
Steinberger and W. E. Steinberger, at
the Imperial; Miss D. C Stewart, at
the St. George: W. S. Tevi3 and wife.
at the Holland; M. E. Ulmer,.at the.
Herald Square; W. H. Wiester and
wife and M. Wilson and wife, at the
Navarre, and M. W. Wilson and wife,
at the Holland.
From San Rafael — A- Foster, B. B.
Foster, P. Foster and the Misses Fos
ter, at the Holland.
From Los Angeles — J. G. Plato and
L. Schurenger, at the New Amsterdam.
In the early sixties he was principal [
of the Mission Grammar School and
later taught in the High School in San
Francisco. When his wife died in 1357 {
he entered Santa Clara College as a j
novice and was ordained a priest in \
1573. Since that time he has been em
ployed as a teacher either at Santa
Clara College, St. Ignatius in San
Francisco or at St. Joseph's in Los j
Gates.
SAN JOSE, June 27.— Rev. Thomas j
Leonard, for a number of years a mem
ber of the faculty at Santa Clara Col
lege, died at that institution early this J
morning. The deceased was born in j
Ireland in 1S21. He had been a teacher 1
for over half a century. When - 21
years of age he came to New Tork with (
his wife, and in 1S54 to California.
Rev. Thomas Leonard, a Well-Known
Teacber, Passes Away.
EMINENT JESUIT DEAD.
Yesterday Durkin told his wife that
he was going tp San Jose and to
Oakland to attend to some business.
Later In the afternoon it was reported
that both he and Miss Starr had
been seen together in Oakland. Dur
kin had signed a contract with the
Alcazar management to play leads for
next season, but owing to his conduct
with Miss Starr the management has
canceled the contract. Miss Starr
closed her engagement Sunday night
She was to have returned ln two weeks
for another season, but ahe was not
re-signed.
It is reDorted that Mrs. Durkin
went to the Alcazar one evenfng. after
she knew of the affair, and had an
Interview with her husband and Miss
Starr. She pleaded with the latter
not to wreck her happiness and bring
disgrace upon Durkin's ( widowed
mother and her own (.Miss Starr's)
family. Then it Is claimed Miss Starr
said that they had both tried to break
off the intimacy several times, but
had failed; that she loved Mr. Dur
kin and would not give him ud.
After five years of happiness the
husband's weakness had shattered the
dream. Still the wife maintains- amid
sobs that she cannot understand it
all; she was a loving and true wife,
took care of him when he was suffer
ing from a painful accident, and still
half doubts his fault. At the Al
cazar Mrs. Durkin is spoken of as a
quiet, modest little woman, and some
of Durkin's personal friends are out
spoken in condemning his treatment
of her. Mrs. Durkin Is a Pitts
burg girl and is practically alone here.
She is of a retiring disposition and
has few friends to stand by her In her
trouble.
spies about him. Never had she
dreamed of following her husband to
the theater; he had her trust and
faith. Later, however, a chance re
mark in her hearing opened her
eyes and she left her husband In the
vain hope that her absence would
show him his folly. When she left
him he removed to an apartment
house on Post street.
she should get any judgment against
the property. She says that Marchand
has gone to France and that Priet is
planning to sell the business and go
there too. This, she says, is with the
intent to evade and defeat the order of
the court.
Jlr. and Mrs. Marchand were married
in Alameda County September 9, 1SS4.
Mr. and Mrs. William M. Bunker,
After a prolonged stay in Europe,
Mrs. A. P. Hotaling has returned to
her home.
Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann
have been the guests of the Edward
Aliens at their beautiful summer
home In Sonoma Valley, "La Lomerta."
Mrs. Mann returned a few days ago
to her cottage at Ben Lomond, where
the charming young matron Is dis
pensing much hospitality. On the 4th
she will entertain Miss Allen and 'Louis
S. MarteL
The happy pair will be away for
three "weeks on their nuptial trip, the
destination a secret coyly guarded.
. . . I
When the Rev. Dr. John Hemphill
had pronounced the benediction and the
newly wed couple turned from the altar
to leave the church, the venerable com
mander of the assciatlon stepped Into
the aisle.
"Attention'." rang out hla soldierly
voice; "salute!"
Instantly every veteran's right hand
came up and the pretty bride passed
between rows of gray haired men who
wished her long life and happiness.
After the ceremony a small recep
tion was held at the home of the
bride's mother, to which the bridal
party and a few intimate friends were
bidden.
An Incident full of dramatic pathos
occurred at the conclusion of the mar
riage service. The bride's late father
was_ a soldier In the Mexican war, and
when she was hardly more than an in
fant the local association of veterans of
that war adopted her as "a daughter of
the regiment." Last night the asso
ciation turned out In force to do honor
to the child of their dead comrade.
The attendants upon the statuesque
bride were Miss Alice Ludlum of Den
ver, maid of honor, who wore a dainty
white frock with a half-wreath of
white rosebuds in her hair; Miss Eu
genie Hawes. Miss Beatrice Splivalo
and Miss Imogen Ludlum of Los An
geles, all of whom were smartly frock
ed in white, wearing pink wreaths.
The bridal party in the processional
was grouped effectively, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Shroeder Jr. leading the way.
Then followed the ushers, A. W. Fol
lansbee Jr. and Thomas Dening and
the bride's mother. Mrs. M. V. Ting
ley-Lawrence, on the arm of Ransome
Carey Van Fleet.
The bride was escorted to the altar
and given away by General Lucius
Harwood Foote, an old friend of the
family.
Mr. Dean was attended by Lucian
Knight.
Gayly the wedding bells rang last
night, when Miss Catherine V. Law
rence plighted her troth to Robert
Armstrong Dean m the presence of
hosts of fond friends at Calvary Pres
byterian Church.
The bride, a maid of distinctive style,
¦wore a robe of white mousseline satin,
with a bertha of rose point. Proudly
upon her brow a wreath of orange
blossoms lay, holding in place a soft
tulle veil. Lilies of the valley formed
the bridal bouquet.
MISS LAWRENCE
BECOMES BRIDE
OF R. A. DEAN
PRETTY YOTTN'G ACTRE5S WHOSE
FRIENOSHIP FOR JAMES DUE
KIX IS CAUSING GOSSIP.
Charles C. Jones, a prominent min
ing engineer of Salt Lake City and
lately serving in that capacity for the
Mountain Copper Company of Shasta
County, is at the Grand.
W. A. Jones, United States Commis
sioner of Indian Affairs, arrived from
Washington yesterday and is registered
at the Occidental. He is here to super
vise the opening of bids for supplies
for Indian reservations. Samuel Slater,
chief of finance of Indian affairs, is ex
pected from Washington in a few days.
F. H. Buckeley-Johnson of London,
who has spent several seasons at Bur
lingame, arrived here yesterday on the
steamship Sierra and is registered at
the Palace.
Phil Metschan. proprietor of the
Imperial Hotel of Portland, and wife
are staying at the Palace.
Chief Engineer William Hood of the
Southern Pacific Company returned
yesterday from a visit to New Tork.
T. F. Dunaway, general manager of
the Sierra Valley Railroad, is down
from Reno and staying at the Palace.
Henry Hahn of Portland, one of the
commissioners of the Lewis and Clark
exposition, is registered at the Pal
ace.
Dr. S. S. Bogle of Santa Rosa is at
the Lick.
A. F. Griffith of Honolulu- is at the
St. Francis.
B. F. Brooks, an oil man of Weed,
is at the Palace.
Z. Kendall, a mining man of Tono
pah, is at the Palace.
Dr. E. O. Blumer and wife of Los
Angeles are at the Occidental.
John Flnnell. the well-known Tehama
County rancher, is at the Palace.
Humboldt Gates, a well-known young
mining man. Is registered at the Palace.
G. Bayhe, a well known mining man
of Northern California, is at the Pal
ace.
PERSONAL
General Manazi-r* of the Ilarriman
* Line*- Are to He Similariy
Oevated.
The announcement was officially
Jriade yesterday that General Manager
C. H. Markham of the Southern Pa
c ft had been elected a vice president
of the company to fill the \*acancy
« aused by the recent resignation of
Henry E." H-.r.tir.gton.
In connection with the appointment
it wiig explained that the selection of
'Ir. Markham for the new position
i« in .keeping m-ith the purposed pol
: • at .the ' Harriman syndicate to
rr.ik? the general managers of all the
ro^ds walch it controls vice presidents
«:>f tLeir r«spective companies in order
¦ -ach Tvili be properly represented
withip its own territory.
S-everal week? ago the report came
frors New Tork that President E. H.
Harriman was seriously thinking of
ippoir.t:ng Chief Counsel William F.
Herrifl cf the South^rri Pacific to the ''
• ion of assistant to the president, \
& title which was then and is still hel-i
by Director of Maintenance and Op
erations J'.;' v ;us Krutischnitt, but ac
cordSns :o the latest report this plan
has been abandoned.
LA CROS^EI. Wis.. June 27. — It ta
reported here that the slayer of Sher
iff Harris of St. Croix County escaped
through the posse's picket lines in the
darkness last night. I: i? also report
ed that he shot a woman and a boy
near North Bend. It is said that near
Tecupleau he compelled a woman to
give him her outer clothinar and la
this disguise he went through, un
harmed.
Makr? His Way Tnroush Picket Lm*9.
of Posjso Surrounding
His Lair.
SrCRDERER ESCAPES
IN WOMAN'S GARB
The United Milk Company yester
day produced the $2000 bond ordered
by Judge Seaweli and was granted a
temporary Injunction against M. .Sal
omon and others fr»m engaging in the
milk business, directly or indirectly,
pending the hearing of the milk com
bine's suit for $10,000 for alleged
breach of contract. It was stated that
the Salomons agreed to sell the Mer
ced dairy to the trust, but repudiated
the agreement. The defendants de
clare that the milk company obtained
the agreement by false and fraudu
lent representations.
Dairymen Enjoined.
Edward Giblin, Joseph Fern. Mat
thew Gallagher and Herman Klagge
say they were with Gallagh-r at the
time he was killed and state that Gal
lagher advanced toward the negro,
saying that he wished to speak
with him. Then Smith shot him. All
four are union men.
David Hedlick of 437 Nineteenth ar«.
nue told the police last night that he
witnessed the murder. He says that
he saw Gallagher and a fat man walk
down Polk street toward Post. At the
little alleyway in the rear of the car
house they were met by another man.
Hedlick heard Gallagher tell one of the
men with him to go on the other side
of the street, as the negroes might see
them coming. Hedlick saw four or five
men standing at the corner cf Post and
Polk streets and when Gallagher ap
proached them he saw Cashes of three
shots fired in rapid succession. - He
does not know who fired the shots and
claims that he saw no assault. He is
also a union man.
The police have found little in the
way of new information In the matter
of the murder of Anthony Gallagher,
who was shot by James Smith, a non
union negro stab!eman, on Saturday
nfght. Five witnesses have been se
cured and were taken be-fore Smith
last night at the City Frison, but he
could not identify them as being in the
party that as3aulted him and his part
ner.
Fire Cnion 3Ien Say That James
Smith and His Companion Were
Not Assaulted by Gal lac her.
POLICE FIND MEX WHO
CL.\LM TO BE WITNESSES
Ruediger & Lcesch ?ay that the miss
ing man had collected nearly Ji»j yes
terday and should have reponeti In a:
4 o'clock. They fear that he may have
skipped 1 oat with the cotiecteU money.
At the time of his disappearance Rui
singer was stopping- r.-ith his mother
in-law at 733 ZJcAIlister street. H* Is
3<5 years of asre and of Iijht build.
William Ruisirs«r«>r. a collector fr»r tl»
New Vienna Bakery at 111 Larkin
street, was reported missing last nizst.
The missinsr man had {t-Xn) of eoHecte.!
money belonging to his employers a:
the time *>' his disappearance.
F. C. Bull of 1572 Twelfth a-r?nt:e.
Sunset District, a brotter-in-Ia-ar ot
Ruisinger. reported the matter to ihs
Morgue officials, and Ruediger &
Loesciu who control the confectionery
firm, reported the case to the police.
Rui3inger, who has a wi*> and three
children at 1007 I street. Sunset Dis
trict, has been in the emp!-:y of Rue«ii
ger & Lo<?seh for five years. Tester
day he started on a coIItctitM trip and
was nat seen after 2 o'clock, ffhtc he
was met by his brother-in-law. F. C.
Bull, at the bakery stables. Raiain
ger'3 wife and relatives are almost
frantic with grief, and feu that the
man may have committed 3uicide.
They say that he wa3 not a drinkin
man and had been sickly for 3onie
and Rctome^ Fear »or
His Life*.
Trusted Servant h Mb-<in~ THth StOOO
COLLECTOR DISAPPEARS
WITH EMPLOYER'S MO VET
CHARLfeS H. MARKHAM
MADE VICE PRESIDENT
Many things finally convinced the
wife that her husband no longer
cared for her. but it was not until a
short time aso that she became aware
of his infatuation for Miss Starr. Dur
kin continued to support his wiJ*. but
allowed her only a few dollars for
expenses — he who had formerly'been
so la%"ish. When she was first in
formed of her husband's conduct she
refused to believe it. She trusted him
implicitly and refused to sec traos or
Mimic love, warmed to a mad in
fatuation in the srlare of the foot
lights, is said to have caused Actor
James I>u.rkin. formerly leading man
at the Alcazar Theater, to break faith
with his sweet little wife and to lay
at the feet of Miss Frances Starr the
devotion he owes and once paid to
the woman that bears his name. The
story dates back to the time that Miss
Starr and Durkin were cast to play
parts that had very stron? love
scenes. Almost before they were
aware of their danger their feelings
got beyond control. Engagements
were made for meetings outside the
theater. The little wife who was be
ing left alone began to wonder at the
change in • her hustnnd's i manner
toward her. Members of the Alcazar
company began to notice. The men
talked seriously to Durkin. the women
avoided Miss Starr.
Fred A. Uaru-I. a farmer, who ar-
:a tovrn from Caiistoja. ye?ter
c»y hum 1T1 C- held up and robbed
cf S5» last The crime ¦was
c csslttfcd -at Use corner of Sarsome
Bush streets by two masked men.
It trma »n< of s. s*riea of daring crimes
that hare b»*cn perpetrate i curing the
1 Eft e^k. ia ths wholesale section and
i 1 by far "-tie boUiest yet reported to
thf police. '
Manuel was resist eral at the Lick
3i-'-?-» and hid b«-n at the ferry eariy
i-. th'j evening to meet a friend from
the country. On his way b tek he
valfced up Bush street, which was rvell
li~it*d- As he near»d the corner of
FlkSSCBSS street two men crossed from
ths other side and dod?ed into a. dark
c -nrway ihead of him. He thought
s ¦ - .r.z at the occurrence, when he*
reached the doorwrny, however, he was
t:axt!ed Tcith a command to throw up
Ilia u .iri=. The masked men worked
quickly, waminsr him to keep his mouth
thut. • Bi--h hai revolv-rs . and M&c-
MX^Tm hands went in an instant. He
•R.a.s. deftly referred cf all that he had
la r.is wallet, $5^. "^"ithout waiting
I ¦ tike • Ais watch the footrads fled
¦Soxa Bush ttxeet and into Battery
¦Tbe urfortuna-te man cned out
I frilly and Policeman Jack O'Connor
ran d^wr from Kearsy street, but the
thugs were out of sight. Manuel was
t"k»n to the police station, where he
jr.a.ve a. good -inscription of the robbers.
Sh« alleges at some length and with
reiteration that Maxchaud and Priet
consptred for him to transfer all of his
interests and income to Priet in order
to prevent her from getting any ali
mony, maintenance or community
property in the event that she sued for
divorce. And. too. she avers that Priet
has threatened to ruin the business if
Mrs. Marchand alleges that the res
taurant business is worth more than
$150,000. that its prcperty and money
have a value of $23,000 and that its
profits since August, 1S3S, have been
$50,000. In this property, she says, her
husband owned a third interest with P.
Friet and M. Debret. Besides $25,(XW of
Marchand's accrued profits. $25,000 has
been invested by Priet in the O'Farrell
street prop*rtj-.
• The expected trouble at la"v between
Evelyn E. Marcliand and Pierre Priet
& Co. have beg'jn. 21rs. ilarchand haa
filed in the Superior Court a volumin
ous complaint, in which the allegations
are numerous and speciac. Its basis is
domestic differ^Eces. upon which she
founds her charges of business frauds
and financial complexities.
Mrs. Marchand asks for a divorce
from her husbind. Edward llarchand.
who is in France-. She also asks for
an injun-::ioa preventing Priet & Co.
from selling the Marehand restaurant;
she asks the court to appoint a re
ceiver tor the restaarant business in
order that its profits may be kept
r.ithin reach of the court, and de
mands an accounting from Pierre Priet
of his business dealings with her hus
band, both in relation to the restau
rant and their interest in the property
on O'Farrell, street, near Powell; she
asks that Priet be declared indebted
to her husbani for 510.000 of the tatter's
money, which he used to pay off a
mortgage; she asks the court to assign
as community property a third interest
in the property and income of the busi
ness and the $-5.<XW of Marchand's
money which she says Priet invested
for him in the O'Farrell street pro-p
erty. And Finding the hearing of this
litigution Mrs. Marchand wants $3i)O a
month alimony. S~50 for costs and $750
for attorney's fees.
Preliminary to these demands the
plaintiff recites that her husband is
puilty cf desertion, in that he left her
en July 2C. 1902: of willful neglect. In
that since then he has failed to pro
vide her with the necessaries of life,
and of extreme cruelty, in that he
caused to be published in the San Fran
cisco newspapers a notice that he would
not be responsible for her debts. This
latter act, she says, was done for the
purpose of humiliating her before her
friends, and since then he has taunted,
maligned and slandered her and held
her up to ridicule by circulating false
statements affecting her treatment of
him.
Sir Tatton Sykes. th- we!l-kno-^ii
British Baronet and globe-trotter,
whose sensational charges agu-inst his
young tvffe six years apo in London at
tracted v/ide attention, arrived here
yesterday from the Australian colonies
on the steamship Sierra. He is regis
tered -it the Palace. Accompanying
him is Countess dc Lichterwelde. The
pcir were her? last December on their
way to Australia, where -they have
been traveling ever since. Countess de
Lkhierwe'de is well advanced in years
and -lurin? her last visit to S'an Fran
cisco with ?ir Tatton Sykes acted both
for herself and him in all matters con-
C€rning' the welfare at th«? Palac-
Hotel, -where they occupied the best of
apartments adjoining each other, and
remained secluded during the better
part of their stay here. Their close at
tention to each other Ln the colonies,
according' to the stories received here
yesterday, caused a report to be circu
lated there that they had been secretly
married. but this rumor v.-as soon dis
pelled when it became generally known
that the court of Er.?!and, which heard
Sir Tatton's suit against La.dy ijyie3.
simply granted him a separation and
not absolute divorce.
Much to the surprise of the passen
gers v.ho embarked on the Sierra with
Sir Tatton Sykes and Countess de
Lichterwelde in the colonies, the Baro
•net registered the Countess as "Lady
Sykes," and she continued to be known
as such untit the couple arrived at the
Palace yesterday, when they registered
under their respective titles and were
assiamed to different rooms. The cou
ple are now on their way to the St.
Louis Exposition, from which they will
depart direct for London.
Alleges Husband and His
Partner Conspired to De
fraud Her of Rights
Two Ma.<ketl 3iea Relieve the
. Pedestrian of His Coin at
¦ Bush and Sansonie Streets
JOBDOXE AT 8<J*CLOCK
Action of the Couple in
Colonies Starts a Rumor
of a Secret Marriage
GO AS MAX AND WIFE
Countess de Licliterwelde
and English Baronet in a
Strange Role on the Sierra
SEXSATIOXAL CHARGES
Asks Divorce and Division
of Property Including
the Famous Restaurant
1'reil A. 21aiinel. a Farming
3Ian of Caiistoga, Is Held
Up and Robbed of 8500
Alcazar Management Expresses Disapproval of
James Durkin's Attitude to Miss Frances' Starr
and Actor's Wife Leaves Home Broken Hearted j
MRS. MARCHAND
FILES HER SUIT
CONTRACT IS CANCELED
BECAUSE OF FLIRTATION
REGISTERS HER
AS LADY SYKES
DARING CRIME
IS COMMITTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY; JUNE ' 28, .. 1904.
3
Manufacturer's sample line used by ¦•W-^0 : -^'
his salesman. Being samples, they 'i^^^-^'*'-
are necessarily well made.
Purchased by us for one-third to V J| / &&*&$
one-half their wholesale value. / I -. 'lil^ - : \
Sold to you at the same saving. * "^| : v^^p
Some are made of blanket material .arr-./ \ ¦ i^.f\»^^
with striped borders; others are 3:1 !&;**'' ?:J&
made of heavy all-wool eiderdown. -^ j M
Colors : Grays, tans, blues, cardi- J?*~^j&0 : I~|
nals, browns, etc., in small and large £i=| tl M r '-'^'^'
figured effects. All sizes. 1%^'^jSf
$2.65 robes are worth $4 to* S6.50 / l/^S j -|
$4.85 robes are worth $7 to S8.50 t "V-rt-J^r^K; -I'
¦ " '' ¦ :'¦}&¦ l^p^ ' ? #' I
Mail Orders Filled— Write Us. W*^ -#v4
740 Market Street d§&^ : £&
BACKACHE AND^DIZzIn^SS^
Most of the Ailments Peculiar to the Female
Sex are Due to Catarrh of Pelvic Organs,
WOMEH WHO SUFFER - j jJ&&&Zl
[Listen to What'Dr. Hartman Pro- ! .^^^^^^S^ :
po;es to To for You : '»
Doubtless hundred? of thcasar.ds of • 5 Si^S£?^#f.*" : ? s ?T2lir' '¦$*??£*&' .•
, woni-r. s)I over the fnit.-d Stat^ ':avr : , S"*»i=L> " ; ' "- - ;^i T * j* >
se<?r» Dr. Hartmar.'s o!Ter in thr papers — | » tvJS}i5J£=::::'.— -_ci*- '^ic" ?
| how he has undertaken tp trear every t • - *"">^* '^=~kJ~JJ^=t -:-~^=z=~E.'^'^-^*^ »
; woman suffering ¦writl-i" ar.y form of f^- • « v'^i? • !*
malo di«?ase Tvho trill write to htm. free i • g?t=^:^v,^.v~- 2-^3?itti> !•
of charsc. j • I|=|gg£g?2is||F^ '•
j To thas*: who have not heart? of this it . • X^gs?"*"" --^ES^i |«
• tn.-iy be said that Dr. Hartman is a phfst- ? Isf^^i^l^iii^i"?! !*
I eurn and surjreon of srreat rpnowrs in • f^?:Z~!^==^5^£ii/ !•
modicdl circles'. *-speelalIy in the treat- • .;^Srgfigjgg=gSgi i*
ment of t;:csr» tllsoas^s which women • j "^ = :_ J*
alone have to fear. i • y/g=r^=- ~\*>_ !•
He has arranged t.-v answer all letters; 4 -f.^—^^^ ===§j^-- !•
that ar= sent to him fr?;n rrorrren trcm- j • : SS5!£>^.j*
bled with any form of female weakne?*. [ • j^"^^=-^^S^x-3~"= -=^-==^»^v«
free of oharjre. z,\\\vl~ Um» benefit of | * 1^^^ I *
fcnowlecce which has cost his forty I 4 : SgHgjpr£g^g==£IS=f=^=^==^=^=r==g==rSS i >
rears to ?ccuintilat?. | « 5^=^51 ffzi~~n " __-y
The meti:r-int?s h" pre^crib* 1 * are tsrithir. ; • r^^S : =~.I^^^— --3=^=-=-^ — 1 ~— =^r~-= •
the reach of ar.y tosHa. and she can set '¦ • ===~?rj*-*i:~^^^~^==^=r^TJ^£^^^-=^^ ; • .
them at any <irug- st^re. [ 4 =ria^.r^^^^^^^^-<^^-^ : \*
All she is r-Muiretf tr> do is to «>?rTrf her ' «'rV?-P^T s ~TX^^j?~ =^~^'^^ 4^ZfiH :•
r.izn* nrd address, togmhoj- with her' * -;. //• '. ~^S$2^^ >! *r>rS^-C"--<'"** ; 5S^ '. •
symptOCCK, deration of sicknes? an>i age. j « ! , & •^=^^.t^ i0 Z,~:^-J~^— J=s^-\^-- s^^' t t
Addresa Dr. ?. B. Hartmar.. President I •' v»j? - »t oo*o»«-vct> *
•t the Hartman '\O*n- \l MR> '' B^ICKXER #
, bU Tfrs: p. sa^ tm^r arid i T Mrs. Brickn rs Rem jrKaaic Ke- I
Orar^ str^t?. Appleton. Wis~ writes; | • CO'.erv Cue to Pcrini •
"Eefor? ray danf&tn was bom I s;;f- j • *
fered Tvitii bitrrxse back.iches a vf-ry ( *»•••••••• ? ? » • ?>••»»»»»•••
tired worr.-out feeling, and felt that I ! ._ _, . _
must t^k- sornethinK to sustain my s -* Etenr.tH Street
strength. So aa-j of mv friea«is had I 8ti.*riu:e~. tt:S. 1
IV"? r P r ua -^ ? nd , pni^ } z *° "MsJmrt Urns cjj I o-j-.d Mi eatdftaa
thai I d^Hiod to trv a bottle or two. I . . * . . ,
fotmd to mv sr^at relief that it reduced rer / Ww»i ' h33 WCafltCM* pa Hi ;.7
my batka^h- and really strer.^th-ned mf the beck, or: frejuent duz/ *>et~ whtsh
in a wpnderf:s! tn^nver under the circura- r grew wares evert 'rent 1 ? I trisd tw3
Cata-T-h of one orgnn is f^ictly UflizfjTL '/ J 1 , V'Vf*"
same zs extcrxSi of aay other or^an. i c J erf "*- n ' took tne *?** ""-*• C ' J * ' w /
V5T:at will cure- catarrh of the head Drill ' coarsge zcz.t reiuroeJ. Li l;ss tvzT iwy
*\sn cure ettarrt) of the pelvic "rrar,5. t m-nihi CT/ heat:. 1 ! was rzz'.orsd. '-Us M.
P»rur.a cures tnese ca^es simply because p-.-j,- --
it fnr?s the catarrh. , c '«-.r..er.
We have on file many thousand te^ti- , TTw reason cf so rriny fttllorea to cur«
mor.iais rke the ones* Eiven here. We ; case? similar t,t the dVv" ;; :'-•: fa r 't
can only ?lve our readers a slight ¦ that diseases ;e- — —
glimpse of the vast array of unsolicited cultar tr> the te- FF\i"t F TP*)' fV F
endorsements we are receiving ewery male sex are n"t «7k-r"oit -«^« JrVrT
menth. Xo other physician in the world cnznanrAy reco^- i»DTKEi.OC\t;D
has received such a ycluioa of «nthusi- | nize<J as be-rg AS TiiTAR!??L
asric and eratefu! letters of thanks as I caused by catarrh.. , .
Dr. Kartman for Pemna. * Perura. cures catarrh wte^reT^r I-'-c.it-'-i.
fl. nXTTt7T?T"MTTrx
: i Cirl th8 Can jg]
11 Brand fl
m Evaporated m
H Cream M
r""*\-J -"*-- - ~ 2."— £.pC£IIZirt £ CUT £n£43
m*^~ i* " — -^ ~ "" '"•-¦ f U A U,.* Cjfff*
So bJUIl «?
PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
fcr orex a quarter cf a. ceatxiry
P9EPAKED ff
What makes the world gc]
round in business ; almost the !
most serious work of man is I
business; and business aver-
a<rr^s rather crooked. There is
no straigrxter tnmg in the
world than Schilling's Best; at
jam grocer's.WIESBADEN, Prussia, June 27.—
Court Chamberlain von Soecht was
killed while riding in a motor car
yesterday, 'In company with heredit
ary Prince Adolf of Schaumberg-
Lippe. j The accident occurred :near
Langenschwalbach. In turning to
avoid striking a dog the car swerved
and dashed against a telegraph pole,
which fell, killing the court chamber
lain. Prince Adolf and the chaff eur
were thrown out, but escaped with
slight injuries.
COURT CIIAMBERIiAIN
KILLED IN MOTOR CAR
ALAMEDA, June 27.— Judge R.. B.
Tappan has announced himself as a
candidate, to succeed State Senator
Joseph R. Knowland, who it is about
conceded will be^chosen as the suc
cessor to Congressman Victor. H. Met
calf. Assemblyman J. .Clem Bates is
also prominently, mentioned as an as
pirant for Knowland's place, and for
mer State- Senator E. K. Taylor is
being requested to. again make the
race for his ,old position. ¦ .<¦»%••';;"
¦ i - - '
Tappan Would Be' Senator.
SALT , LAKE. June 27. — Amelia
Folsom Young. . eighteenth - wife of
Brigham Young and a cousin of Mrs.
Grover Cleveland, to-morrow evening
gives" her first large social affair in
twenty years. During the later years
of her husband's life she was a leader
in Salt Lake society. As the favorite
of Young she entertained all distin
guished visitors at the Gardo House,
or Amelia Palace, a magnificent resi
dence built especially for her by her
husband. She was many years
younger than Young, and broke an
engagement with a man who is now
president of a Salt Lake BShk to
marry the head of the church.
Eighteenth Bride of Late Mormon
Leader Arranges for Brilliant
Social Affair.
YOUNG'S FAVORITE WIFE
is to re-enter society
NEW. YORK, June 27.— A bet of 51000
against $2000 that Cleveland would be
nominated for President at St. Louis
was made in Wall street to-day.. \
Two brokers entered Into an agree
ment as to the probable choice of the
Democratic National Convention. One
insisted that Cleveland would receive
the nomination. The other spurred him
on. until he offered to risk $1000 on his
favorite. The other jumped at the op
portunity and a" wrangle over the odds
to be given followed. The Cleveland
man held out until a compromise was
effected. ' >\'/;':*.r-' . ' '.:$&&
Backs Belief That the St. Louis Con
' ; vention Will Nominate Him.
BROKER BETS OX CLEVELAND
On the same day that the Lurline
arrived in Apia Sir Rupert Clarke ar
rived on his yacht La Carabine.
On the morning of May 28 the
sounds of a salute were heard outside
the harbor. The United States ship
Adams had arrived to relieve the
United States ship Wheeling. The
¦work of exchanging officers and men
•was proceeded with and It is expected
that the Adams will leave for Hono
lulu on June 16.
TUTUILA, June 14.— The yacht Lur
line arrived in Pago Pago on May 26
with Captain Sinclair and party and
left for Apia on June ,9.- She is ex
pected to return to-day and after a
stay of several days Captain Sinclair
intends visiting some of the coral
atolls toward the northwest of Samoa.
Mr. Freeman, a member of the party,
took a boating trip around the island
of Tutuila.
Warships Excliange Officers nnd Crews
Preparatory to Departure of One
Vessel for Honolulu.
ADAMS RELIEVES GUNBOAT
WHEELING AT PAGO TAGO
WASHINGTON, June 27. — Secretary
Cortelyou, chairman, and Elmer C.
Dover, secretary of the Republican
National Committee, had a conference
to-day with the President regarding
the national convention and politics
generally.
Representative Victor H. Metcalf of
California, who is to succeed Cortel
you as Secretary of Commerce and
Labor, is expected to arrive here the
latter part of this week. Cortelyou
will continue in the office until Friday,
when he expects to turn over the af
fairs i of the department to his suc
cessor.
On That Dny Cortclyou Will Retire
From the Federal Bureau of
Commerce and Labor.
METCALF WILL. TAKE
COMMAND ON FRIDAY
NEW YORK, June 27.— Frank Henry
Burness, one of the most remarkable
prisoners that ever occupied the death
¦house at Sing Sing Prison, went to his
death in the electric chair to-day.
With a smile on his face, he walked
from his cell and, seating himself in
the chair, assisted the men in adjusting
the straps which were to bind him.
Four shocks were given before he was
pronounced dead.
The crime for which Burness was
executed was the killing of Captain
George B. Townsend of the schooner
Charles Buckley last November, but
he also had confessed to having mur
dered no less than four persons. Town
send was killed during a dispute over
wages amounting to about ?20, which
Burness claimed was due him. When
convicted of the latest crime he an
nounced that he was willing to waive
the six weeks that the law requires to
elapse between the time of sentence
and the execution. .Despite his ob
jections the case was carried to the
Court of Appeals and after a long de
lay the sentence was affirmed. When
informed that the end was to come at
last, Burness expressed himself as
pleased that there would be no more
delay.
"I deserve to die," he told the prison
officials, "and the sooner they put an
end to my troubles the better. I've got
an uncontrollable temper and if re
leased would only commit more vio
lent crimes. I would kill a man for
five cents as quick as for anything
else." ,
Burness was born in Butler, Pa., 44
years ago. He had refused religious
consolation.
Murderer "Walks Unaided to
Electric .Chair and Helps
Officers Adjust the Straps
SAN DIEGO, June 27. — Bishop
Conaly of this Catholic diocese made
the principal address at the. gradua
tion exercises at the Academy of the
Lady of Our Peace, when . diplomas
were given to four young lady grad
uates. To-morrow he will hold mass
at St. Joseph"s Sanitarium, following
it by the blessing of the hospital,
which has recently been very much
enlarged by the addition' of a new
wing. He will also hear the vows of
six Eistc-rB who are to take the black
veil.
Joeepb't Sanitarium in
San Dicjjo.
Eminent Divine Will Officiate at St.
BISHOP COXATY SPEAKS
AT GRADUATION EXERCISES
FACES DEATH
WITH A SMILE
Jurist's Managers Say the Result Is '
No L<oiiuer fn Doubt. '
• NEW YORK. June 27.— So certain of
success were the Parker managers to
day that they expressed the belief that
a second ballot would not be necessary.
Thy are positive they will organize the
convention. Their candidate for tem
porary chairman is Representative John
Sharp Williams of Mississippi.
They assert that their expectation of
being able to organize the St.
Louis convention Is not based
upon hope or probability, but
upon positive assurances that they
have received from delegates. -It the
assurances" hold good the Parker men
will be able to decide the contests, dic
tate the platform and elect the perma
nent officers of the convention. It wili
even be within their power to abrogate
the twoTthlrds rule if they should see
fit to do so, although they have no in
tention of proposing such a step.
Strong pressure will be brought to
bear by the Parker men upon Senator
Gorman to induce him to accept the
chairmanship of the National Commit
tee and direct the campaign.
PARKER OX FIRST BALLOT;
HONOLULU, June 21. — L. P. Kan
hoe, postmaster of Kapaa, Kauai. has
been sum Aiarily removed from office
by Postoffice Inspector Frank J. Hare.
Kauhoe is reported to be about $1800
short in hi3 accounts and\ his bonds
men are in charge of the office, having
placed Hee Fat in charge as their rep
resentative.
Inspector Takes Summary Action In
Case of Official Accused of Bein^
Short in Accounts.
HAWAIIAN POSTMASTER
REMOVED FROM OFFICE
White met Hamilton this morning
and after a few words drew his re
volver and fired. Instantly killing
Hamilton. After Hamilton fell White
T.red a second phot into the body of
the prostrate man and coolly walked
nway, giving himself up to the of
ficers.
EMMEJT. Idaho, June 27. — Thorn
as Hamilton, proprietor of the Idaho
meat market, was shot to death in
front of his place of business by Al
bert White to-day. The shooting was
ca-jsed by the attentions of Hamilton
to Mrs. "White.
Idaho Butcher Killed in Front of
Hi« shop by Irate
Spouse.
PAYS ATTENTION TO WO3IAN
AND IS SHOT BY HUSBAND
PHILLIPSBURG, Mont., June 27. —
James Connors, aged 11, was fatally
and Thomas Turtle, aged 10. seriously
wounded while hunting gophers on a
ranch near Princeton, about srxteen
miles from here. Arthur Scheer. an
other boy, sighted a gopher, raised his
rifle to shoot and the weapon was pre^,
maturely discharged, the bullet pass
ing through Connors' body and then
lodging in the body of Turtle.
Two Boys Wounded by Ballet From
Weapon in Hands of Third
Youth.
PREMATURE DISCHARGE
OF RIFLE EXDS HU>T
There were quite a number of Mr.
Metcalf 's friends at the railroad sta
tion, including Postmaster T. T. Dar
gie, Congressman W. J. Winn of San
Francisco, State Senator W. C. Rals
ton, J. W. Evans, Dr. A. Fine. Everett
Brown, George D. Metcalf, Robert
McKillican. Paul J. Schaffer, Hart H.
North, Fred M. Campbell, Professor
L. D. Inskeep. Leon Clark, W. W.
Robertson, W. M. Gassaway, AMaurice
J. Flynn and others.
OAKLAND, June - 27.— Secretary
Victor H. Metcalf of the Department
of Commerce and Labor left his Oak
land home for Washington to-day.
He will arrive at the capital on the
afternoon of Friday," July 1, upon
which day he is to assume the duties
of his new office. "- .
Mr. Metcalf will hold a consulta
tion with President Roosevelt, a mem
ber of whose official "family he now
becomes, and with Secretary Cortel
you, who preceded him. after which
he will return to' .California for a
few weeks.
Railroad Station to Wish Him
Well.
Many Friends Accompany Him to the
ST. EOUIS, June 27.— Rather than
stand trial and risk the chance of get
ting the limit for grand larceny. Dr.
J. W. Royal Donmeyer, who. accord
ing to his personal card, is a Mystic
Shriner of San Francisco, pleaded
guilty to-day and on recommendation
of Assistant Circuit Attorney Bishop
was sentenced to serve two years in
the penitentiary.
The sentence is the lowest, because
Dr. Donmeyer has hitherto had a good
reputation and comes of a highly re
spected family.
Dr. Donmeyer stole diamonds and
money, papers and other valuables to
the amount of $5000 from Major Wil
liam Hayes, a retired army officer.
Since passing the stolen diamonds
from his mouth to his mother's mouth
while kissing his mother in jail, Don
meyer has become known as the "dia
mond kisser."
San Franciscan Sentenced in St.
Louis for the Theft of
Host's Diamonds.
TWO YEARS IN. PRISON
FOR ROYAL .DOXMEYER
SECRETARY METCALF LEAVES
TO ASSUME NEW . DUTIES
SAN DIEGO, June 27.— Action of
the "Republican, District Central Com
mittee in. making' the representation
to the Congressional, convention on
the basis of the "¦¦vote/ for Congressman
Daniels instead of on the vote for Par
dee the .district- committee has dis
pleased the" Republicans of this county
to some extent. The move is_counted
as a favor of -Senator Smith as against
Senator- Ward, as it cuts this county's
representation from sixteen to four
teen and increases the representation
of Tulare County froni eight to nine.
Ward will lose the two from here and
Smith is expected to gain the one. in
Tulare.
Much Dissension.
Method of Fixing Vote Basis Causes
FRICTION /AT SAN DIEGO.
The bill asks not only that the com
pany be dissolved, but that its assets
be distributed among its stockholders
as paying off its outstanding securi
ties. For the accomplishment of this
purpose; it is asked that a receiver be
appointed. ~ ¦ .
TRENTON, N. J., June 27.— Chartes
J. Henderson Jr. of Jersey City and
Joseph M. Newlln of Philadelphia,
counsel- for V George Rice of Marietta,
Ohio, to-day filed in the Court of Chan
cery a bill for. the dissolution of the
Standard Oil Company, New Jersey
corporation, charging that the combine
is illegal and that it exists In violation
of the* anti-trust laws of the United
States and of the decisions of the State
courts relating to-rnonopolies. '
The bill charges that the Standard Oil
Company of Ohio was declared illegal by
the courts of that State, but that the
company, instead of dissolving in obed
ience to that decision, has, by^ subter
fuge,, evaded the Ohio decision, and that
the New Jersey corporation is merely
a holding compflffiy for the Ohio con
cern. <
The fireworks concern occupied the
firet floor of the building. The second
floor was vacant and the third story
was occupied by tn,e French Hat and
Bonnet Frame Company. Jancovitch
¦was the proprietor of the hat and bon
net concern, and Berman and Miss
Betnpeoa were his employes. These
three were the only persons above the
first floor. About a dozen persons were
employed by the fireworks company.
The cause of the fireworks explosion
is not known. Thomas Conway, one
of the fireworks firm, was wrapping a
small bundle of fireworks for a cus-,
tomer when it exploded. . Almost in
stantly the entire roomful of fireworks
hecarne ignited from flying rockets and
firecrackers. All the employes on the
first floor escaped without serious in
jury- The front of the first floor was
Mown out by the explosion oL. powder,
and soon the entire building was in
flarnes. Every effort was made to res
cue those on the third floor. Firemen
climbed ladders in the midst of the
pyrotechnics and finally reached those
on the third floor. Miss Rernpson and
Jancovitch were found aJive. but died
in a hospital. Berman was dead when
he was taken from the building.
During the fire's progress three fire
men were injured and three other per
sons were also cut and burned, but
their injuries were not pfrious.
PHILADELPHIA, June 27.— Three
persons were killed and a half dozen
injured to-day as a result of the ex
plosion of a small bundle of fireworks
in the storeroom of the Diamond Fire
works Company at 626 Arch street. The
dead:
JACOB JANCOVITCH, aged 2S years.
O. BERMAN, aged 27 years.
LENA SEMPSON. aged 21 years.
The officer* were very rough and discourte
ous. They ttxSk everything out of our trunks,
strewing them on the dirty docks, and soiled
everything I had. and much of my wearing
apparel they ruined. They were very offensive
In their manner and subjected unaccompanied
ladies to great embarrassment. When they
took the pajamas they were very discourteous
and impolite, taking the pajamas and holding
them up to the full view of every one. Joking
and jesting about the «ame am] saying that
they never knew ladies wore pajamas, ridicul
ing me in the presence of every one for claim
ing them as my wearing apparel and allowing
newspaper reporters to take photographs of the
eame, which appeared In the newspapers.
Mr. St. John- and the inspectors de
nied undjr oath that they had notified
the members of the press to be present
or photdgraph the confiscated foods.
Judge de Haven took the case un
der advisement.
Mrs. Haley in her deposition said:
DISCOURTESY ALLEGED.
The women contented thems«lves
with entering upon their declarations
simply the number of pieces of bag
gage and trunks in their possession.
When asked by customs inspectors as
to whether they had any dutiable
articles in their baggage they replied
in the negative.
Inspector L. Lorentzen swore yes
terday that Mrs. Boettcher in answer
to his question as to whether she had
any silks*, cloisonne or other dutiable
goods in her baggage, had said flatly
that she had not. He_told about hav
ing found bolts of^iHk basted into the
shape of garments in her trunks.
Deputy Customs Surveyor Chauncey
Milton St. John testified that he had
asked the ladies whether they had any
dutiable articles in their baggage and
that they had replied that they did not
have any.
Inspector A. Sti%*ers said that Miss
McMurtrie had denied the possession
of dutiable articles. Nearly every, gar
ment of hers that he had found had
something dutiable sewed up in it, he
added. In one of her trunks he found
several dutiable articles concealed be
tween the. lining and the bottom of the
trunk. The lining had been ripped to
allow the goods to be placed there and
had been sewed up again.
Depositions from the women were
read, in which it appeared that they
had omitted to make the necessary
declarations, because they could not
remember every item and . its price,
and that they stood ready to pay what
ever duties might be found due. They
complained that their clothing was
thrown upon the dirty dock and soiled
and ruined.
Notfc? to Passengers: It will be necessary
for you to make a declaration, under oath be.
fere a,cuj>tome officer, before leaving this ves
sel. etatlnR the number of your trunks and
other packages, together with their dutiable
contents.
Residents of the United States returning
from abroad should prepare a, detailed list of
all articles purchased or otherwise obtained
abixad and the prices paid therefor, or the
value thertof. specifying separately wearing
apr>ar*l. articles of personal adornment, toilet
articles and Kimilar personal effects. The ex
emption of $100 allowed by law will be made
by the appraiser at the d«>ck. Articles, includ
ing we&rlr.g apparel, will be appraised at the
market price In the country where purchased.
To All Passengers: a failure to declare any
dutiable goods in your possession will render
the «arrte liable to seizure and confiscation, and
yourself to the full penalties o f the law, sec
tion 2S02. RevisM Statutes, providing that
"Whenever any article subject to duty is found
in the baggage of any person arriving within
the United States which was not, at the time
r.f making entry for such baggage, mentioned
to the collet tor before whom such entry was
made, by the person making entry, such article
fhall be forfeited, and the person in whose
1 >&?;:.:£>¦ it Fh*ll be found shall be liable to *
penalty of treble the value of such article." "
DENY HAVING THE GOODS.
The testimony |howed that upon the
arrival of the steamer at this port the
two women, as well as the rest of the
passengers, were served with a printed
notice, from which the following are
extracts:
AN UNHEEDED WARNING.
Mrs. Fannie A. Boettchcr and Miss
Nettie McMurtrie, now Mrs. Nettie B.
Haley, believe that $6786 is a sum well
worth fighting for, and the time of the
United States District Court was taken
up yesterday in the hearing of their
contest for the recovery of the money
from the coffers of Uncle Sam.
The money was paid by them two
years ago as a treble value penalty
for having failed to declare dutiable
articles in their baggage when they
arrived on the Nippon Maru in July,
1902. after visiting the Orient.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, June 27.— Reductions
in the rates of duty now charged by
the United States on importations of
Ilquor3 were announced to-day which,
it is estimated, will double the impor
tation of French absinthe alone, to say
nothing of other liquors and cordials.
The ruling affects all fancy drinks,
the most of which come from the Latin
countries. It follows the decision of
the customs board of appraisers of
New York recently announced, in
which it is declared that cordials im
ported from France are entitled to
much lower duty than that levied
upon them in the past-
Because of this decision the Treasury
Department to-day announced it had
decided that the same privilege was
deserved by Germany, Italy and Portu
gal, and that these countries may now
export their cordials, liquors, absinthe,
arrack, kirchwahser and ratafia into
the United States at a duty of $1 75
per gallon instead of $2 25 as before.
It is generally conceded that the new
ruling means a large increase in the
amount of cordials brought to this
country, as all retail dealers in this
class of liquors will now be able to
obtain them at a much lower price.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Accident Occurs in Store
room. Where Lot of Bombs
and Rockets Were Kept
Bill Alleges Company Is an
Illegal Combine and Vio
lates the Anti-Trust Law
In the Future Tariff on
Absinthe and Other Drinks
Will Be $1 75 Per Gallon
They Violate Plain Rules
and Say That Federal
Officials Were Very Rude
Never have better arrangements been
made for the press and the telegraph
service.. Wide aisles and passageways
will give every one connected with
these important branches of work per
fect facility to get about.
The accoustics of the Coliseum are
splendid, almost remarsable, and from
every part of it, even away down at the
ends of the ellipse, the speeches will
be clearly heard, that is, If the speak
ers have fairly good voices. Colonel
Martin has dene- a good deal of re
hearsing, in the structure and he is
well satisfied with it. He says every
body will hear, his remarks. , The ser
geant at arms must be heard if no one
else is. . ', •_ r ',
C. W. Martin, who has charge of the
decorating, expects to have that work
done by July 3. The steel arches in
the domed roof will be covered with
yellow bunting from which valances
will be suspended. The national colors
will' -"be prominent everywhere and'
there will, of course, be a portrait of
Jefferson, doubly appropriate while the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition is in
progress. ¦>
The convention will be called to.or
der at noon on July 6. .. .'.
From the. Union. station the Jefferson-
Hotel/which is at the-coxner or Locust
Around this, just after temporary
organization, when the committees are
busy with their reports, Colonel Mar
tin will permit all the members of
marching clubs (and every one, as he
naively says,' can be a member of a
marching club on th:s occasion) to
pass, two by two, while the band plays
the huzza music of politics. "If it takes
till eleven at night, they'll all go
through,', 1 says Martin, and his round
face beams with pleasure at. the
thought of so: many people having their
era vlqg to see a .national political con
vention in session gratified. Of course,
though, this will' all be done by grace
of the National Committee. Colonel
Martin is an old time St. Louis law
yer.
ALL CAN £EE PROCEEDINGS. .
The crowd that will try to get a
view of the nominating body at the
Coliseum will be one of the greatest
that has ever sought admission to a
convention. Not only it is World's
Fair time, but a battle is promised
that it is worth any one's while to
swelter through. It will be a memor
able convention. The total seating
capacity of the structure where the
convention is to be held is not more
than 11,000, including delegates, al
ternates and the press representatives,
who are all on the main floor. AH
around the elliptical floor space rise
tiers of chairs for the spectators. The
structure is a part of what is known
as the St. Louis Exposition building
and has been used annually for the
horse show. As a comparison it may
be said that the Kansas City Coliseum,
where the preceding Democratic con
vention was held, seated 23,000 per
sons.
Colonel John I. Martin, the sergeant
at arms of the convention, attended
to the arrangement details. He has
had much experience in just this s6rt
of work and the National Committee
leaves it to him entirely. It knows he
can be depended upon. Aisles are so
arranged throughout the floor and
spectators' space and pasageways are
so arranged under the platform and
tiers of chairs that in all that tre
mendous throng there will be no
crowding, no jostling. Every one en
titled to a seat, no matter where It
may be, will be able to go to and
from it without inconvenience.
Colonel Martin has arranged one
feature that is entirely new and will
be his trea^. t0 the American public.
There will be thousands of persons
wildly anxious to see what a great
convention looks like, who will be un
able to get a card that will even per
mit them to look inside. There will
be members of marching cli'bs alone
from various cities to the number of
25.000 men. Martin intends that all
these people shall see the sight in the
Coliseum. He has left an aisle around
one-half of the floor space, running
next to the front row of spectators'
seats and leading from an entrance at
one end of the building to an exit at
the other, around back of the sections
set aside for the delegates and alter
nates. One following the courste of
this aisle will get a view of every part
of the interior. His eyes will rest on
the delegates, the speakers' stand
and the thousands of spectators.
LARGE CROWD EXPECTED.
There will be something doing when
the California delegation gets here.
The State's exhibit at the fair will re
cline in the shade for a few days.
The Californians are expected to ar
rive here at 5:30 on the evening of
July 1. They will be met at Hannibal,
Mo., by Lee A. Day of San Francisco,
who is connected with the National
Committee headquarters here in the
capacity of a stenographer. He will
lead them through the madding crowd
of World's Fair visitors, and those ex
pecting visitors— a still more numer
ous class — and escort them to the Jef
fersoii.
ST. L.OUIS, June 27.— Pretentious
headquarters have been selected for the
California delegation to the Democratic
National Convention. The reading
room at the right of the main entrance
to the Jefferson Hotel has been secured
for its use. This is a spacious room,
furnished with all the elegance de
manded in a modern, first-class hotel.
It will be handsomely decorated. The
simplicity that gave "Washington and
Jefferson good digestions isn't going
to be at home so you could notice it
when the California pledged Bourbons
begin doing politics for the man they
have decided should be President. This
candidate, William R. Hearst, has re
served the two top floors and t-.vo
thirtls of the next one in the Jefferson.
Manager Hay didn't think the top
f oors and the roof would be safe if
he grave him quarters any farther
down and opened them to the Califor
nians. There are ninety-two rooms in
the reservation. The California dele
gation will probably occupy some of
these apartments, as Hearst and his
stenographers will have a few to spare
and it would be a shame to have them
remain empty.
and Twelfth streets, is easiest reached
by the Market street cars, which
transfer to Twelfth, that is, easiest for
those who prefer - to j take a car. The
Exposition building, and this must in
no way be confounded with the world's
fair, is only two „ or: three 1 minutes'
walk from the Jefferson..
The convention headquarters of . the
National Committee are on the first
floor of the Jefferson, rooms 117,. 118
and 119.= W. A. Deford of ..Iowa, as
sistant secretary, . has been in charge
since the rooms were secured. •
CAUSE IS NOT KNOWN
By PAUL EDWARDS.
FALSE B0TT03I FAILS
OHIO MAX PLAINTIFF
RETAILER ALSO PROFITS
Two 3Ien and One Woman
Lose Lives and Others Are
Injured by an Explosion
Government Announces, a
Change in Rates Tliat Will
Benefit Liquor Importer
Society Ladies Seek to Re
cover Large Sum Paid for
Breaking Customs Law
Complaint Filed in New
Jersey Asking for Disso
lution of the Corporation
Gayly Decorated and Pretentious Quarters at Jeffer
son Hotel Are Assigned to Delegates and Alter
nates to National Convention From California
THREE KILLED
BY FIREWORKS
PROTEST FINE
IS CONTESTED
STANDARD OIL
IS ATTACKED
REDUCES DUTY
ON CORDIALS
FAIR CITY IS PREPARED
TO WELCOME DEMOCRATS
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE _ 28, 1904.
Three-burner range' with oven, $8.50,
connected ready, for .use, -Tuesday, Wed
nesday and .Thursday, atS. P. Gas and
Electric Co.. 415 Poet street. •-•-
. ¦ — . » » ¦¦ _ —
Gilt-edge security against storm and utrttm
-of 'weather * In -Gilt Edge whiskey. Wlchman
Lutgtn & Co.. 29-31 Battery et., 8. Ft •
WILMINGTON,. Del., June 27.— Judge
George Gray to-day expressed hi^ hope
that former President Grover Cleveland
would be nominated for the Presidency
by the St. Louis convention. Next to
Cleveland he favored Judge Parker.
Judge. Gray Is for Cleveland.
4
ADVEBTISEMElTTSw
CDigestion isn't a mere
chemical process alone.
C The walls of the stom-
ach move against one
another and grind, or
"churn," the food.
<L" FORCE" is already
half digested and well
milled. It gives these
over-tried twentieth-cen-
tury stomachs of ours a
fair show.
" There Is a certain crisp, appetiiinr,
delicious taste to the flalces of " FORCE "
•which creates a sensation you Ion? to
repeat.
That delicious taste is a sure sign that ¦
you are eating something which is going
to do 70a good.
* ¦ ' !
yny nnrinia. Prompt reli»f. r»n»» remoTeA.
Mill e*jh nP'fJ Symptoms nerer return a com-
" "Jr." P>««« »<>•« PTtc»n«nt »nn«itu.
• A"u £4$ I |2Qf£| Wr . te At on , e tot It, to
r». M»r.^. « •> ¦ v«r Otr^ls. N. Y. 1
OCEAN TBAVEL. "
J$amburg-/tmerican.
Semi-Weekly Twin-Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURG
•Deutschland....July 7 fWaldersee July 23
Belgravla July 9 VMoltke July 23
July 1« Bulgaria July so
Hamburg July 21 'Deutsehland. . .Aug 4
•Has sriHroom and gymnasium on board
twill* call at Dover for London and Parts.
HAMETJEO-AMEEICAH MWE
Of flew. 33 and 87 Broadway New York
HERZOG & CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
oeeaDics.$.co. psstsss
m OIRECI UM to UMir.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti July 2,11a n
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. • Samoa, Auckl
land and 8ydncy. Thursday. July 7. 2 n. m.
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. July 16. 11 ami
J.D.SPEECXELS 1 BROS. CGL,Axti,Tl6l3t 03133 61) Ur-
iel FKUlt Oajjj'jimun.. ' ftlf /. ifuii; Sufi
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
f Mrs. Hughson, of Chicago,
whose letter follows, is another
woman ia high position who owes
her health to the use of Lydia E.
Pinkhara's Vegetable Compound.
. "DeabMrs. Pitkhaii: — I suffered
for several years with general weakness
end bearinpr-dovrn pains, caused by
womb trouble. My appetite was poor,
nnd I would lie awake for hours, and
could not Bleep, until I seemed more
weary in the morning than when I re-
t i red. After reading one of your adver-
tisements I decided to try the merits
of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
, Compound, and I am so glad I did.
Ko one can describe the good it did me.
I took three bottles faithfully, and be-
sides building up my general health,
it drove all disease and poison out of
rny body, and made me feel as spry and
active asa young girL Mm. Pinkham's
medicines are certainly all they are
claimed to be." — Mrs. M. E. Hcghson,
847 East Ohio St., Chicago, I1L — $5000
ftrfelt If crigtnel of above letter proving genuine-
mess cannot be produced.
More than a million women have re-
frained health by the use of Iiydia E.
Pinkham's VcgretableCompound.
If the slightest trouble appears
rrhlch you do not understand
write to Sirs. Pinkham, at Lynn,
Mass., for her advice, and a f ew
timely words from her will show
you the right thing: to do. This
advice costs you nothing:, but it
may mean luo or happiness or
froth.
ADVEBTISEMEirrS.
BORAXOLOGY
* The principle of the
Boraxologist is, when you
do anything always look
for the best way. Just a3
there is a best way to dam
socks or to make jelly, Qr
to solve a mathematical
problem, so there is a best
way to do housework or
wash things. Use Borax
to wash dishes, to clean
woodwork, to wash clothe3
— it doesn't matter what it
is that is to be "washed/*
, you can do it easier and
quicker and better by add-
ing a little Borax .to the
water. Borax has a power
to cleanse that will as-
tonish you. Imitations are
worthless and injurious.
Get pure BORAX.
20-MULE-TEAM
BRAND Borax is pure.
For sale by Druggists and
Grocers in |, \ and 1-lb.
packages.
The Umacs "AMEWCAN* GIRL" PICTTRES
FREE to purchasers of " 20- Mule- Team " Beru.
At stores or sent for BOX TOP aind 4c. ia statsja.
Pacific Coast Borax Co-, New York, Cfckzso, Sui
Francisco,
•o-MuIo-Teaa— Oar Trade Mark.
OCEAU TBAVEL.
S£:eamer» Ie3v» Broadway
¦wharvM. pi«-rs 9 and 11.
San Francisco:
Fcr Ketchlkan. Wran?'!.
Juneau. Hain»s. SJcarJay.
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m. Jane
1». 24. 2* July 5. Cbar.ge i<>
Corrpacy's steamers at S--
s t * **
For Victsria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. 6eatt>. Ticoma. Kv»r*tt.
Bellirsfcam— 11 a. rc.. June It). 2*. July *
Cbanle at Seattle to l=i» CScropaay's »team*r»
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. B>.: at Ysulmiw to C. P. Rr
For Eureka (HumboJdt E^y^— Pomona. 1:3©
p. m.. Jun« 21. 2T. July 3. Ccrosa. 1:30 p. m.
Jure IS. 24 3<\ Juiy 6.
For Lcs Ar.sele« <vlo Pert L<"-3 Aw«!«i and
Redondo). San Di**o «r.d Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thur»<1ay* 9 a. m.
Fcr Lc» Annies <via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Earbara. Santa Cruz. M.-m-
terey S=an S'.nvon. Cayjccs. Port Harford (San
Hjli'Obispo), Ventura and H-jeneme.
Bocita. U a. m.. June 16. U4. July 2.
Coos P-ay. »a. m.. June 20. "CS. Juiy 6.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay. San J->se <?*!
Cabo. Maratlan. AStata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guayrnas (Mex.>. 10 . m.. 7th each ran.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Seas>cn 19O* — Tee
palatial «xcuraion steamship Spokane wi!I
leave Taeoma. Seattle and Victoria July 3. 19.
For'hirther Information obtain ftjM*K."BSzM
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing: dates.
T1CXET OFPZCES — « New Montgom-
ery st (Palace Hr.tel). 1<> Market s*.. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Offic*. 10 Market st.
C D. Dl'NXAN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market «t.. San Francisco.
AMEUICAIT LIITE.
Plymouth — Chertcury — Soutiamjton.
From New York Saturdays at l»:W a. in.
St Paul July OiSt. Louis July 23
Philadelphia.. ..July l'J.New York July SO
ATLAHT1C TSAKS?OBT U3TB.
Hew York — London Direct.
Mlnnehaha July ». 2 p. m.
Minneapolis July 1«>. N a. m.
Mesaba July 23. 9 a. m.
Mlnnetonka July VK T»0 a. rn.
Only first-class passengers carried.
DOltlHION ImZJSTI.
Montreal — Liverpool— Short sea pasaa^p.
KenslngKm July 'jJSouthwark July — <
Dominion July ltVCanada •• July SO
HOX^AXTD-AZXEBXCA XiIZTE.
New Tv.!n-Screw Suamers of V2.:*j(* Tons.
Wew York — Rotterdam. Via Boulogme.
Salllnc Tuesday* at W a. us. »
Statendam July ll* Rotterdam Aug. 2
Potsdam July 10 Ryndam ...Aug. 9
JIE' STAB LUXE.
Hew Tor* — Antwerp— Paris.
From New York Saturdays at U»:Ji» a. m.
Kroonland July fMFinlnnd -July _¦»
Zeeland July H'.IVadfrlani July 30
Wli.iT*: STAB UITE.
Hew York — Qu»en«town — laverpool.
t-'atlintc Wednesdays.
Celtic July *«, 1 pr.ifr~lrlc.July 22. 1 pm
Baltic. July IS. ft pnVOceanic.July 27. 5 pm
Majestie.July 20. 10 am' Arabic . .July 2J>, 6 am
Repu^^^^'^^ur^,?
life 2£Eg&.£i&<££&£
HEW SEBVXCE F30M BOSTON.
Part Twin-Screw Steamsra
Of 11400 to 15.000 T02*.
BOSTON DIRE'T TO THK
MSD1TE3BAHEAS. VIA AZOEES.
C\NOPU' '.".'.... .....Aur. =7. Oct. «. Nov. 19
First Class, $«W upward, depending on date
C D TAYLOR. Passen«?r Agent Pactflc Coast.
21 Post ft.. San Francisco.
COLUMBIA »ai!s June 2rt. July 8. 18. 2S.
Au* 5 15. 25. GEO. W. ELDER «3»S July
1 11. 21 SI. Aug. 10. 2<>. 30. Only tteanwhrp
li'n* to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line
from Portland to al! points East. Through
tickets to all points. Steamer tickets Include
berth and meals. Steamer sails fcot of Spear
»t at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Ps»sj».
Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
(¦CiXfAQSIS GESSIALS TRAXsXTLkXV.lZl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. Jutt^.
falling every Thursday Instead ot -*£\C£jp»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. •w»JSFvs>
Nortn River, foot of Morton tt.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Secon>l
class to *(avre. $15 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AQEXCT FOR UNITED STATES A3JD
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Yorlc. J. T. FUOAZ1 A CO.. Pactflc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
1 Tick'ts snTd by all TUIlroil Ticket Ag»nts.
To U. S. Hairy Yard and Vallejo.
BTMRS. GEN*. FRISBIE^ MONT1CEIXO and
ARROW— »:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:15 P.
M.. «:CO P. M.. S:3O P. M. tex. Sunday);
Eundaya 0:45 A. M.. S:3O P. M. Leave Val-
lejo 7:00 A. M.. 9:00 A. M.. 12:30 NOON.
8:15 P. M.. «:00 P. M. (ex. Sunday): Sun-
days 7:00 A. M.. 4:13 P. M. Landing and
office. Pter 2. foot Mission st. Phose Main
1308. HATCH BROS.
' To U. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
' Stmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay st.. north end of ferry bids- — Week days.
9:30 A. M.. J and *S P. M. : Sundays. 9:30
A. M.. 8 P. M. I>ave Vallejo— Week days.
6:50 A. M.. 12:20 and 3:30 P. M.: Sundays. J
; P. M. Fare, 25c each way. Excursion rates.
1 Sundays to Vallejo. Glea Cove and Martlne*.
BOc roend trip. PIPER. fiDEN GOODALI*
CO . phone MaJn 641. •Saturday «xce«ed.
$i per Ycai>Fancy vests at icost. See window. Tom
Dillon, batter, opposite Palace. •
RESPONSIBILITY.— Rabbi Louis Reynolds
the brilliant , young : rabM ¦ of Salt Lake City!
will . preach :• this* evening at - the • Bush-etr^et
Synagogue. -subject will be : "Reaponsl
blllty." -The public Is cordially invited.
The district now controlled by Cap
tain Mooney will be "divided and Cap
tain Gleeson will be .assigned to the
new. district with headquarters proba
bly at the 6'Farrell-street station. No
appropriation was made for two lieu
tenants for the new district and two
Sergeants will' have 'to serve as' act
ing lieutenants." There are now four
vacancies for lieutenants and they
cannot be filled till the Civil Service
Commissioners hold' an "examination.
The Board, of Supervisors , having
appropriated funds -for a new captain
for the Pottce. Department and twen
ty-five additional men; the appoint
ment of , the captain will In all proba
bility, be made at the meeting of the
Board of Police Commissioners this
evening. Lieutenant Henry Gleeson is
first on the eligible list and will re
ceive the coveted promotion. He is a
capable officer and his advancement
will be hailed with pleasure by his
numerous friends. He joined the de
partment'in 1888, was advanced to
corporal In 1895, to sergeant in 1897
and, to lieutenant in- '1902.
Lieutenant Henry Gleeson Will Re
ceive Ills" Double Bars at Meet
ing of the Board.
NEW POLICE CAPTAIN TO
BE APPOINTED TO-XIGHT
First Officer Wilson flatly contra
dicted. Captain Irvine about the per
mission being granted t to have the dln-«
ner and, Invite the guests that gath
ered'around the dinner table in the
cabin,, and there the matter stands
until the San Juan and China get into
port and other witnesses can be ex
amined. -".
As to the statement that he had
givtn Wilson permission to invite the
steerage passengers or the under offi
cers to dinner in the cabin, Captain
Irvine denied any such action and
added he would not have permitted it
had he known of It.
Purser Carey entered a formal denial
to the charge of being drunk and asked
the captain if he had ever known of
him being under the influence of liquor.
The captain admitted that he had not.
At that point of the proceedings In
spector Bulger, said if Stevens had per
jured himself, as the testimony of the
present witness would indicate, Stevens
would be brought up on that charge.
Carey contended that If the ship had
j»ot been lost there would never have
been anything said about the little jol
lification, as there was, no carousal.
The captain admitted he had heard no
noise during the night.
CAPTAIN DENIES STATEMENT.
night," but he got no further -satis
faction. •
CHEYENNE. Wyo., June 27. — The
State Land Board was to-day advised
by wire that the Interior Department
had just approved the segregation of
150,000 acres of land in the Oregon
Basin irrigation project. By the Ore
gon Basin improvement and several
allied enterprises several , hundred
thousand acres of desert land will be
converted into productive farms find
thriving towns.
IRRIGATION* PROJECT
RECEIVES APPROVAL
Martin Oakes, an ex-convict and
known to the police as the cleverest
tilltapper in the city, went into the
grocery and saloon of John Plath,
corner of Steiner and Ellis streets,
about 10 o'clock yesterday morning
and asked for a drink. Plath served
him with the drink and then walked
into the grocery to attend to a cus
tomer. When he returned to the sa
loon he saw Oatps coming from be
hind the bar. Ptath glanced quickly
at the till and saw that a sack con
taining $22 25 was missing. Oates
ran along Steiner street and Plath
started in pursuit. He overtook Oates
after running three blocks and later
turned his prisoner over to the police.
Caught in the Act.
Some 500 or 600 American flags,
used to decorate Market street during
past celebrations, have disappeared
from the basement of the City Hall,
where they were stored, and an inves
tigation was begun yesterday to ascer
tain what has become of them.
The flags were in the keeping of
Head Janitor Bidell and Assistant
Head Janitor Syron, Who disclaim all
knowledge of their whereabouts. They
were kept busy yesterday explaining
the matter to Clerk Charles W. Fay
of the Board of Supervisors, who or
dered that another search be made.
The flags cost about $400.
Xunibrr of Nation's Emblems Used in
Decorating Market Street Lost
and Investigation Results.
Another suit to prevent the award
of contracts for the supplying of but
ter and cheese to the State's insane
was commenced yesterdav In the Su
perior Court by the A. L. L.undy Com
pany. The proceedings last week were
against the board of managers of -the
asylum at Napa. Yesterday's suit,
nearly identical in its allegations, is
against the board of managers of the
ayslum at Stockton.
The court is asked to restrain the
authorities named from awarding the
contract for butter to Hilmer & Bred
hoff and that for cheese to Wheaton,
Pond & Harrold. The last named firm
was the one- to which the Xapa con
tract waa awarded. The complaining
company alleges that its* bids were the
lowest of eleven submitted for 10,000
pounds of creamery extra butter,
4 0,000 pounds of cold butter and
2500 pounds of cheese. It is averred
that the bid of Wheaton, Pond & Har
rold was unsigned and unidentified at
the time the bids were opened accord
ing to the advertisement on June 15
and that the ' bid ,,w-as not signed or
identified until after the bids of the
eleven other firms had been seen. The
plaintiff says that the State will lose
$500 if the contract is let according
to the award of the asylum managers.
Action Is Like One Against the Xapa
Institution to Prevent Award .
of Contracts.
MAXY FLAGS DISAPPEAR.
FROM THE CITY HALL
LUXDY COMPANY SUES THE
STOCKTOX ASYLUM MANAGERS
The Fourth of July comes on Monday. Why
not enjoy a good vacation by going out of
town Friday on the Friday to Tuesday tickets
soH by the Southern Pacific? That will give
you-thre* whole days. Ask any agent. •
Three Whole Days' Vacation.
The troops of the Tenth Infantry
trill be paid on Thursday. They leave
for the north Saturday.
Colonel E. A. Godwin is expected to
return from Reno by the end of the
week.
The Third Regiment is one of the
oldest In the service. It is a portion
©f one of the original sub-regiments
organized in 1790.
It starts for Alaskan posts on Fri
day at roon on the transport Buford.
The Third Infantry, in command of
Colonel Thomas C. Woodbury. arrived
from Columbus Barracks and Fort
Thomas last night and went to the
model camp at the Presidio. The
regiment is up to the standard, that
Is. there are sixty-five men in each
company. The trip across the con
tinent was pleasant in eveiy way. The
only event out of the ordinary was
the attempt of one of the enlisted men
to cut his throat. He made several
flashes at his jugular vein, which he
missed. His act was the result of a
protracted spree. The flow of blood
sobered him and now he is recovering.
Third Infantry Arrives From I^a>tcrn
Points on It.s Way to .
Alaskan Posts.
REGDIEXT ITtOM COLUMBUS
BARRACKS* AT PRESIDIO
By the unexpected caving in of a
cement bulkhead one man was killed
and two were injured yesterday fore
noon. The dead msn was August Ar
mand. He was unmarried and lived
on Jackson street, between Montgom
ery and Sansome. W. A. Wilson was
severely bruised and received internal
injuries. He was removed to the City
and County Hospital. Henry George,
another laborer, received slight bruises.
The accident occurred at 141 Prospect
avenue, where the men were employed
by Charles Gish, a contractor, In mak
ing an excavation for a building. The
bulkhead had been propped with tim-
bers and it was necessary in the pro
gress of the work to remove the props.
There was no .thought of danger; for
it was believed that the cement facing
of the bulkhead was strong enough to
support the -/wjMEht of the earth be
hind It. But the , wall .yielded to the
pressure and crumbling Into thousands
of pieces fell upon the unfortunate
workmen. Spectators of the accident
said that there was not enough cement
in the bulkhead and that if there had
been present the proper proportion of
cement In the material the wall would
have stood.
Arniand was a native of France, 39
years old.
TWO UNFORTUNATE VICTIMS OF AX ACCIDENT OX PROSPECT AVENUE YES
TERDAY. WHEN A CEMENT BULKHEAD CAVED IN, KILLING ONE MAN,
SEVERELY IXJl'KIXU ANOTHER AND SLIGHTLY BRUISING A THIRD.
No one has any doubt that the coun
ties of Southern California will send
on their share of the green fruiUand
probably the northern fruit-growers
will see to it that they are as well
advertised at the great show as are
the people of the south. A circular
letter has been issued by the Califor
nia commissioners regarding the fresh
fruit shipments. Therein It Is set forth
that "If the fruit is wisely selected
there ought to be returned a gold
medal for nearly every shipment."
The last lot of exhibits for the San
Francisco building goes on to-day. In
cluded In this lot are models of bat
tleships, photographs of San Francisco
and elsewhere and 10,000 canes made
of the bark of the redwood tree for
gratuitous distribution.
Vproducts of California from San Fran
cisco to the St. Louis Exposition, with
the exception of the fresh fruits and
sheaf grains that are to be sent on.
Up to June 5* the California commis
sioners had put on exhibition 3150
plates of California fresh fruits, rep
resenting eighty-seven varieties, in the
Horticulture building. It Is expected
that 1000 pounds of fresh fruit per day
will be forwarded from now to the
close of the exposition setison. As the
commissioners provide that the fruit
producers shall pay the expense of
sending on their own fruit for exhibi
tion purposes, it is possible that some
work will have to be done in the in
terior to collect the necessary supplies.
A rate of $3 50 per 100 pounds by
express has been made for the trans
portation of fruit.
FRESH FRUIT SHIPMENTS.
This means certainly that a round
million pamphlets are now in St.
Louis, have been distributed to peo
ple inquiring about California or are
ready to be shipped. To-day marks
the closing of the shipping of all
Fifteen tons of literature will be
shipped to-day from this city to the
California commissioners at the St.
Louis Exposition. More than ten tons
of this matter relates to the counties
lying south of Tehachapl. The re
mainder deals with the counties lying
north of the Tehachapi Pass. One
thousand copies of the California
State Board of Trade's annual report
are included. The shipment does not
by any means represent the total sum
of the literature with which California,
by counties", cities, boards of trade and
other organizations, has prepared to
enlighten the world concerning its
wealth and resources. J. W. Barry,
who is shipping _ the goods and ex
hibits to the California commission
ers'from this city, says that at least
ten tons of reading matter have pre
viously been sent on for gratuitous in
formation.
A MILLION* PAMPHLETS.
At the suggestion of Inspector Bolles,
Captain Irvine questioned Carey as to
who it was that said the captain hail
been notified about the doings in the
storeroom. Carey could not remember
the Quartermaster's name, but First
Officer Wilson gave it as Salingsy. Cap
tain Irvine said such a statement was
false, as not one word had been said to
him about It. He. had turned in at
8:30 that night, but got up at 3:30 in
the morning and as he stepped on the
deck he saw the storekeeper going into
the first officer's room and thought it
rather Queer. He at once summoned
the watchman and asked what was
going on and was told "nothing, "J to
which he replied, "That's a He. for
there has been something going on all
"That fs not eo," broke in Captain
Irvine. "He did ask me If he could
give a little dinner, but I did not tell
him he could Invite the steerage pas
sengers or the crew."
Although Carev had given the store
keeper orders .not to issue any, more
liquor, wine was served at a dipner
given Sunday night by First Officer
Wilson. Carey was told by Wilson
that he had asked the captain for per
mission to give the dinner and invite
the clergyman and his wife, who were
in the steerage, and also the first, sec
ond *nd third assistant officers, 'and
that the captain had given him permis
sion to do so.
After the ship had been beached and
the passengers and some of the crew
were ashore, Stevens sent out an order
for a keg of beer, but Carey would not
allow it to be taken ashore, as the
captain's name had been forged to the
order. . v
FORGED ORDER FOR BEER.
In direct contradiction of Storekeeper,
Stevens, Carey swore that none of the
officers were drunk, and, further, that
none of the engineers had taken any
strong drink of any kind
Sunday morning prior to the disaster,
and while the ship was still at anchor,
Carey gave orders to the storekeeper
not to Issue any more liquor to any
one, as he thought the thing had gone
far enough. In answer to a question
by Inspector Bulger he said he did not
know the mate was married until after
the ceremony had been performed, as
he had turned in, and was called by
the groom shortly after the knot had
been tied. Then it was that the dif
ferent officers repaired to the store
ro'^m and began to enjoy themselves,
quietly, very quietly. There was not
the least bit of noise, for if there had
been the captain would have known
it, as his room was directly overhead
and he was In bed. ,
Inspector Bulger wanted to know how
First Officer Wilson came to be charged
$74 for wine. Carey said that was the
bill handed to him by Storekeeper Ste
vens, and although he believed the bill
was excessive \^ilscn had told him to
pay il rather than make any fuss about
it. Carey said he had understood that
part of the $74 was for the services of
the minister who tied the knot which
caused the jollification.
Carey was not present when the first
hearing was held, hence Inspector Bul
ger informed him that the first officer
had testified that he paid the $74 for
liquors, and rather startled the witness
by saying: "We want the facts in this
case J We have been fooling long
enough." Carey proceeded to give the
nature* of the duties of the storekeeper,
and brought out the fact that that of
ficial was directly under the orders of
the purser. To his positive knowledge
there was no vhisky ordered during the
night. He had inspected the storeroom
and wineroom, and there were only
twenty quarts of wine on the ship
wh<*n she left San Francisco. To the
best of his knowledge there were eight
or nine quarts of wine and seven or
eight pints consumed up to the time
the ship was lost. Every one who saw
or heard of the bill for $74 considered
it excessive, but as Wilson had told
him to pay it. he did so without any
further question.
CONTRADICTS STEVEN'S.
A question of veracity arose when
Carey testified that the captain knew
of the drinking going on. as one of the
quartermasters had notified the mas
ter the day before putting to sea. -That
statement Captain Irvine emphatically
denied, and with such force that In
spector Bolles warned him to confine
his remarks to the case and avoid all
side issues and references.
QUESTION' OF VERACITY.
When former Storekeeper Harry G.
Stevens of the lamented Colon gets
back in ;>ort he may have to face a
charge of perjury, if the feelings dis
played by Purser George J. Carey, Mate
J. L. Wilson and Chief Engineer W. D.
E. Sullivan continue along the lines dis
played at the continued hearing into
the causes of the wreck of the steamer
April 10.
Purser Carey was on the "stand yes
terday morning before United States
Inspectors Bolles and Bulger, and ap
peared to have been familiar with all
that happened prior to the going ashore
of the steamer. As the man indirectly
in charge of the liquors on board the
Colon, he swore positively that there
was no drunkenness among the officers
or crew prior to the wreck. Under close
questioning by both Inspectors Carey
said there had been drinking on board
in honor of the marriage of First Of
ficer Wilson, but that the chief en
gineer had not taken anything stronger
than ginger ale, that he himself had
three or four glasses of wine, but was
not intoxicated. He was positive the
first officer was not drunk, nor even
affected by the two glasses of wine he
had taken. As to Chief Engineer Sul
livan, he swore positively that that of
ficer had not taken anything stronger
than ginger ale, and in all the years he
had known him he was positive that
Sullivan had never used intoxicants.
Aiftong the more notable of the paa
eens>rs who. arrived on the steamship
Sierra" yesterday was Hugo Gerald de
Bathe, sou and heir of General Sir Hen
ry Percival de Bathe of England, and
more familiarly known to the American
public as the second husband of Lily
Lanjjtry. ¦•' He is accompanied by his
brother. Captain Max de Bathe, who
recently resigned from the British army
after " fifteen years' service, and Cap
lain* C IS. Davis, also of the British
army. The- trio came direct from Sa
*t,q4 for the purpose of securing proper
surgical attention for Hugo de Bathe,
Vhois suffering from a slight attack!
of ijjjobd jioisoning resulting from a tat- |
toolng operation performed by a native ;
iflasder- -during their visit to Pago :
Pa#a;
H-iigo de Bathe's body bears numer- j
ous artfuldesigns in india ink, imprint- j
*d uoon his skin by the clever tattooers
of various countries through which he j
h&s ' traveled during the last ten years. ;
One of his purposes in going to Sa
moa was to submit himself to a tattoo
ing er-eration, which was performed
upoR his. left leg. Later the limb
eweiled to such proportions and the
p^in from the operation became so in
tolerable that he was forced to seek
medical assistance upon one of the
American men-of-war lying In the har
bor of Pago Pago. It was plain to the
Burgeon who attended him that De
Bathe was suffering from blood poison-
Ing resulting from the use of an un
clean geedle, and he was advised to
hurry to this city, where he could re
ceive better attention. For a time it
¦was feared : that De Bathe's injury
might prove fatal. Arriving here yes
terday he was apparently in Rood
health, although he used a cane to as-
Fist him in his movements about the ;
Palace Hotel, where he and his fellow
travelers are staying.
It is his intention to place himself |
under the care of a surgeon here, and if
the latter can assure him that danger ;
of further trouble has passed he will <
Join his brother on a trip to the City
of Mexico, to which they have been in- '
vited by President Diaz.
H'jc-o de Bathe and Captain de Bathe
left England on their present tour
around the world shortly after Lily j
Langtry fnt^red on her recent theat
rical ensragpmpnt in this country. Th^y
drifted slowly across the oceans to the
South Sea Islands and were enjoying ;
themselves among the natives whon .
.Hugo was taken ill. •- •- : |
Testimony of Storekeeper
Stevens Is Denied and
Captain Is Contradicted
When Able He Intends to
Go to City of Mexico as
GueM, of President Diaz
Much 3iatter Advertising
the Golden State Is Being
Scattered Over the Land
QUESTION OF VERACITY
MANY CARS ARE FILLED
Purser Carey of Steamer
Colon Swears That Officers
Were Never Intoxicated
HERE FOR TREATMENT
Hugo de Bathe, Husband of
Lily Langtry, Yietini of
Careless Samoan Native
California Breaking Eecords
by Shipping 50,000 Pounds
of Pamphlets to St. Louis
August Armand Is" Taken Out Crushed to Death"and
His Fellow Laborer, W. A. Wilson, Redeives
Severe Internal Injuries and Goes to Hospital
TATTOO NEEDLE
IS POISONOUS
NEW WITNESS;
DIFFERENT TALE
BULKHEAD CAVES UPON
THREE WORKINGMEN
SENDING TONS
OF LITERATURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1901.
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
wo Are Specialists in the
Painless Extraction of -
TEETH
rirTEEN YEARS
No Charsre for Painless Extraction When
- » .. We Make Your Teetn.
BEAUTIPUL SET OF TEETH $5.00
Gold Crowns (22k) 5.00
Bridge Work . . ." 5.00
Gold runners 1.00
Silver rillinrs 50o
Have your Dental Work done where you can
know your Dentist.
KO STUDENTS. All work positively done by
DB. BOWER and DB. SMITH
UNIVERSITY DENTISTS,
Houn> — 0 a. m. till 8 p. m.: Sundays.^lO
till 2. PHONE RED 1116.
Lady Attendant. 10 Kearny St., S. F.
Largest and Best Office in City.
ver y Woman
f'Ki ,vfe l'\N\ « \V Hk 1* interested and sboald know
''\\fSi\ \A,,W1» . about the wonderful
iVL^wXSmB MARVEL Whirling Spray
.k^^jS^SsyvlT 116 *»•* T Ml»«l »yrl»«*. Jnjrc-
v^7^C-.v/>SLS-SiL ttonami Snrlion. llr«t-Saf-
' > t? -^nHfcl »«t— m^.> CoiiTenlfnt.
/^%^^^^ Hy '»/>?</»>> l»Oe»a»T*l*»l—Hy.
i>t jnr inrtltt far It. At, flSL- _•
If he cannot supply the V<- gM& r ?Zr!/Z//Ji?'^
MAIIVKI.. accept no Niy^ WiP^S-
ottarr. but *»>ml stamp for ?(fe' f^'&/'i\s
illnstratrd book— »r«i»4. IticWe* \), I ''<m
fullparficnlsrsanddirerttoniiln- {£!}.§ SB
valusible to ladle*. !*l.%ltVKI.CO.,^/..'. 7l W
. 41 Park Bow, Srw York. V^.'|^r
152 New Montgomery. San Francisco, Cal.
William Uatteroth (Ladles' Dept.), 224 Sutter.
Union Drug Co., 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Oigood Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy. 119 £llts
jftdMMfef MENANDWQME*.
tfl&a&Foiru£liRttB Uh BlgOforonnaturai
JBGBSri* lUi dsn^l diichargti.iDflammationi.
BJBBU O*usatecl W iriltatloai or ulceratiom
B«K»jf aoi t« itrtotort. of m neons utmbrants.
P m rim* Cobi»«i.«. Falaiets, and not astria*
BPSstlTHt EWHS CHEMlCiLCO. g*nt orpoiionous.
\g£ 6im*m\,0Sm& Sold by Dranrlsl*,
«m. «.».*, jf&sy « r ** nt ia p'* ln *"»?»•*•
JaBsV. by *zpre*t, prepaid, for
TS&Bm&BBSBC&B tl 00. or S bottles 12.76.
f^^Vi Circalor net «a must,
, ¦• "i. ' ~' li il i [I I mi d li ¦*>! ¦A-v-'.-V- ..
RAILWAY^ TRAVEL.
' X*5f W"">< **»hw !*«?• *md »*• •*¦•
/?J^tSV^X to»rrtv»*t
PpereftMBAy fraxcisco.
VVvi. f~\ ' /til T*o*i Jinn it, uot.
V^V »3^ (Toot of If arket so-sat >
matk - MAIN LINE.' -amtt»
74«U Va««TlUe. W ta tar*. Bamsey. 7.60»>
700a Beaicl*. Clmtrsaaol 9seraneata.. 7.20c
7J0A Yallejo. Kapa, Callstoca. BaaU
¦-* Rosa. Utrtlaes. Ssa Ran>«« t-W»
740* V !le*,Tr*er.Lji£!»rop. wet :oo.... 7.2O*»
8J)0a Shasta Exsresn — (VI» D»tU).
wnium* (for n«rUett 8prln£i>.
Willow*, ?ffraw. Bed BlaS.
Portlsat!. Tseoma, 8e«Ulo 7.3SP
800a Dart*. Woodland. Kalzhu LaDdlac.
Muryiriilf. Chlco. Ur»TlUe 7-50»
83CA Port Co*ta. Marttnex. Antloca,
Byraa. Trscr. Stockton, New-
maa. Lo* Bsaos. Mas dots,
Arraoni. Haafurd. Vtsalta,
Portenrllle 4.2O»
BJOArort Coits, Modeito. Mereod.
Fretao. Ooabea Junction, H»a-
ford. Vlsalla. Dakersaeld 4.58*
S-SSa Bile*. Saa Jote, LlTermore. Stock-
too. (tMllton). lone. Sacrtmentot
... HarysTllle.Cnleo. Red Bluff.... 42tJ»>
8 JOA Oakdsle. Chtoeie, Janaettowo, 80-
¦ora. Taolemae aad Ancel* 4-X0p>
9 00a AtlaatlcKzpre*) — Ogden *nd San. K.2BP
3 30* RFcbmond, Msrltaes aod Way
Statloo* 8 5O
10 09ATDS Overbad Limited — UgJ«a,
I>«OTer. Om»S». Chlctjo. • 2tJ»
IOCOa V*uejo_ „ ! MJOw
10-COa L*» Abi ties Passeaxer — Port
Costa. Martinet, Byron, Truer,
Latarop. Stockton. Mereei,
Raymond. Fresno, Ooaben Jnno-
Uoa. Uaaford, Lcmoore, Vlia'.la.
BakenQeld. Lo* Angeles T.ttm
1290m Hayward. Nile* sad War Sutioa*. S.tQ*
tiflO B»crsme3toIllT«r 8te»mers HIM*
3 SOP Benlcla, ITtnters. S»cn»m«nta,
Woodlaad, Willows. Kntfhts
Landtsf, MarTtTlUa, OrorlHs
... aad way iUUou 10.50a
SMm Uayward. Kile* aad Way Sutloo*.. 7 60»
3J0f>port Coats, sfartlaez. Byron. ~
Tracr, Latarop. Mode* to.
Merced. Berenda, Freaoo and
. Way SUUvas beyoad Port Coita. 12.29*>
3 •Me To*exn!te Valley, t!» Berendi aad
Wawona 160a
3 -30* Manlnex. Traey. Stockton. Lodl... 10.20a
4 CO i(artlnex.8aaRaaioa.Vs!le}o,5apa,
... CalUtogs, Saa U Rosa. 8.20a
4 00p yuee. Traey, Stockton. Lodl 4-20P
440PHsyward. Kile*. Irrlngton. Baal r8.$0*
J* ** Jo*«. LtTsnnore I 111.50*
D«0s>Tha Owl Limited— N'ewm«a. L«»
P»ao*. Mendota. Fresao, Tu!sr«,
Bai*rsfleld-LosAazel«s. ...... sVMa
*6SOf Flsywtnl. Vne* mil S»n Jo*« .„.. 720*
COOp Hayward. Nile* and S\u Joi*. 9-SOa
6.00PKastera Kipress— O«den. DenTsr.
Omaba. 8t. Lau!«, Chtesgs and
East, via Martinez, Stockton.
Sacraneato, Colfax. Reno 12.S0»
I. 80p Tallejo, dally, except danday.... t 7 K «_
7.«PT»lleK Sunday only f 7B0 '
7X3QI* Ktebmood. Saa Pablo, Port Costa,
UarQocs and Way SUUoas 11.20a
JtQP Reno Pastenfer— Pert Cost*. Snl-
iud, Klmlr*. Darl*. Sacramonto,
Trnckee. Lake Tanoe. Reno,
Tonopaa. Spnrk* 750a
I4JBP Oregon * California Kxpr***— Sae-
rameato. itaryiTtlle. Reddinc.
PortlaDd. Paget S«aod and Bast. I-SOa
I.IOp Bayward, KUe* and Saa Jose (Saa-
; dayonly) , t1-W«
COAST LINE (»*rr«w Uaaf«).
(Foot of Market 8tr— 1.>
7-4Sa 8o.au CrniKieur*loa(9ond*7 only) 8-1 Op
••IKa Kewark. CeaterrlUe. Saa Jota,
Feltoa. Bool 4 er CreoX Big; Basin.
Santa Cras and Way Stations... 5-65 P
19.1SA Alrsrado, Newark. Ban Jo«e, ho*
Aato*,61enwoo4, FM ton. Bonlder
Creek. Big Basin. Santa Crui 810»
t2-1»P Newark. Centervtlie* San Jos*.
N*w A!m»deo. Lot G*io«.F«:toa.
Bonlder Cre«k, Baata Crui aad
Principal Way Stations 1055*
4. Up Rrwark. Saa Joae, Los Gatos tS-SfiA
4.18P Wifeat, Boalder Creek aad Santa
Crua. Batarday aod Sonday coly. H.SSa
. COAST LINE (Uroad bt B «.|.
t>*T~<Talrd and Towmend Street*.)
••10a ft»a J«m «nd~W»y Station* 8 Up
»7C0a 8»« Jo«e »¦-! W»t dtitloni 6-40P
7.1 6a MoaUrey and Santa Cras Excar-
¦loa (*und»y only) 10.30P
800a Kew AlnxMtea (Ta»» . Frld.. only). 410»
• Ma The Coa»ter— Saa Jose. Salinas.
Ban Ardo, Paso Rubles. Santa
Jf arnrlla, Saa Lol* OblipaSaata
Barbara, Ssa Baenarentora,
sfoatJtlT*, Oxnard, Barbank, Los
Ante!** . 1Q.4SP
• »0 a Gtlroy. KoUistor. Castrortne. Del
M >»tf . Pacific Grove, Sarf, Lom-
poe 10-5P
8.80a 8«a Jo**. Trei Plnos. Cspttola,
BsnuCrat.PaclflcGroTe, Salinas,
San I.oU Oblspo and Principal
Way Station* 4 10o
18.WU ItiJoie *nd Way 3tsUon*. 1.i0f»
11 30a Santa Clara, 8*n Joie. Lo* Gatos
aad Way Btntlon* 7.30p
1 30p San Je«« sad Way SUUoas 133*
tSOflpDtt Mvnto Kxpre**— Santa Clara, *
Saa Jo*a. De; Moste. Monterey.
• - PaciacGrore 12-15P
S-Mp 3arllae*me, San Jose. Gilrey, Hoi-
lister, Tre* Plnos. Psjsro. Capi-
tols, Ssnta, Crnz. CsitrorUle.
Baltna*. Pacific Grove 10.43a
4 J0*> Baa Jose aad Way Stations ti 00a
tS OOP BaaU Clara. Ssa Jo«e. Los Qatos,
Wrtfat aad prtaclpal Way Sta-
Uoas (except Snnday) f90C*
18-SOp SaaJoiesmirrtactpalWayStatlons 19 40a
6 44p Ssaset Expres*.— Kedwood. Ban
Jo*e,Orrro3riSa!las*.P»*4>KobIea,
Ban Lai* Oblipo. Santa Barbara,
L«c Angeles, heanlnc. El Peso,
Kew Or'esD*. Kew T»rk 710a
f .45p rajaro. Capitols. Santa Cms. C»i-
troTtlle.Pel M«ate,PactncUroTe. 10-45p
t6'15P CanM*teo,Berrirord.Be!niOBt.8aa
C»r:ot. Ke<twood. Fair Oaks. '
*lrale>Parfc. Palo Alto.. ......... 18.48a
5 J6»» San Jo«« sad Way Station* 8JS*
8 00p Palo Alto sad Way Station*....... 10.15a
M.JOp KoutBSaaFraactseo.ailllbrse.Bar'
Mns^me. San Mateo, Belaont.
tun Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
M*nlo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45p
II-Mp Mayneld. Mountain View, Saaay-
»»le, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
Ssn J— a t8.4Sp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
lBandsy excepted. - t Snnday only.
• fisturday only. 0 Moaday oaly.
iStops at all sutloa* sa.S'jn>i*x,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE!
UM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAHWAY COMPAST.
> Tihoroa Ferry, Foot of Market Stxset.
bar rmAircxsco to saxt sataxl.
\ WiiKK DAJfS — 7:S0. 8:0O, l*:0O, H:O« a. m.;
12:35. 2:Jo. 3:40. 5:10, 3:50. 6:30 and U:3u
P. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SI'XDAYS— 7:20. 8:00 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40 8:10. «:So. 11:S0 p. m.
! SAN aAPAEL TO SAN ntAHCZSCO.
1 WtEK DAIS — tt:05. 6:3O. T:U5. T:»O. »:iu.
11:16 a. m.; 12:50, t2:00, 3:40, 5;0O. 5:20.
6:23 p. m. Saturdays — Extra til? at 1:45
SUNDAYS— «:50. 7:33. 9:20. 11:15 a- ra.; 1:43.
3:40. 4:.:o. 3:00. 8:20. 8:23. 7:50 p. m. 1Ex-
cept Saturdays.
L.-av» 1 In Effect I Arrtvs
San Fran. I May 1. 19O4. | San Fraa.
¦Week I Snn- J Destlna- 1 Sun- I Wee*
Days. I days. 1 Uon. | days. | Days.
7:30a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a S:0Oa 9:49a 8:40*
8:00 a 0:30 a - Lrnacto. 10 :20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:0O p 6:20 p
8:10 p S:10p 6:2Op 7:3a p
7:23 p
9:43 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a| 7:43 a
8:00 a 8:00 a NoTato. 10:2a a. 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaloma. 6:2Opf*:2Op
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 pi 7:23 p
o:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:43 p|
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10-20 a
8:0Oa 8:00a Fulton. 7:23 p «:2Op>
2:30 p 2:30 p -j 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor, . 7j
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsbury, 10:20 a^lO:CO a
Lyttofl. I
2:3Op 2:$Op GeyservUle. 7:23b 7:23 p
Cloverdale. ' |
7:3Oal 7:3Oal HopUnd 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:3Op) and Uklah. | 7:23 pj 7:23 p
I j WUllts. I j ~
7:30 a[ 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:23 p| 7:25 p
8:00a| 8:00a| Guernevllle and 110:20 a!10:20 a
_2:30 p| 2:30 p Camp Vacation. | 3:45 p| 6:20 p
8:00 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
3:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma, 6:00 p 6:20 p
3:lOp Glen Ellen. 8:43 p
7:30a[ 7:3Oa| " 110:20 all 0:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. [7:23p|6:20p
STAGES connect- at Santa Rosa for Walto
Sulphur Springs and ilark West Springs: at
Fulton for Burke" a Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservlll* for Skaus
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boon*-
ville and Greenwood r at Uopland for Duncan
EprinKS. Highland Springs Kelseyville. Cans-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley
John Day's.Rlverslde, Lierley*s, Buckneil'sl
Saahedrin Heights. HullvlUe. Orr'a Uot
Springs Halfway House. Comptcn«. Camp
Stevens] Hopkins. Slendoclno City. Fort Brags;.
Westport. I'sal: at wants for Fort Brag*.
Westport, Sherwood, Ctohto. Covelo Laytoa-
TUle. Cummins. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olseas.
Dyer, Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia aad £u*
to Monday roaad-trlp tickets at r»-
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 630 Market street. Chronicl*
tnilldlnz.
JAS 1 L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAN. '
' Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.'.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year*
* Your wonderful medicine. " Favorite Prescrip-
tion;' has helped me greaUr ia time of suffer-
ing." writes Mrs. Miata wnsrfct, of Edwards,
Ind. "Last winter I was usable to do xay work,
was to be cocfined in February, and a lady in
Iliisoi* wrote and told me about your medicine.
I used three bottles of ' Favorite Prescription.'
end will say I had the easiest and quickest con-
fiseiaeet I tur had. Had three children be-
fore, and would snlfcr from twenty -four to thirty-
six hoars before birth, but this time only two
'bocn. Have a fine baby girl and «he is the
cost healthy one of all. ' I am still uaiaj the
' Ffcrerilc Prescription ' &s a tosic."
DB. PIEBCE'S ItEiaEIJEES.
The first Ies6on that the yoacg girl has
of womanhood is usually a painful one.
She learns to know what heaoache means,
&&d . backache, and sometinies is sadly
borne down by this new experience of life.
All the pain and misery which younjf
fjirls ctnatnonly experience at such a time
may, in almost every instance, be entirely
¦ prevented or cured by the use of Doctor
Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It estab-
lishes regularitT. It tones up the general
health, and cures headache, backache,
nervousness and other consequences of
womanly weakness or disease.
The anxious mother of the family often-
times carries the whole burden of responsi-
bility so far as the home medication of
common ailments of the Rirls or boys are
concerned. Toe cost of the doctor's visits
it very often much too great. At such
times the mother is invited to write to Dr. :
R. .V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N. Y., for medical
advice, which is given free. Correspond-
ence is held strictly confidential.
Sacked up by over a third of a century
or remarkable and uniform cures, a record I
such as no other remedy for the diseases !
and weaknesses peculiar to women ever j
attained, the proprietors and makers of Dr.
Pierce 's Favorite Prescription now feel
fully warranted in offering to pay $500 in
legal money of the United States for any
case of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Pro-
lapsus, or Falling of Womb, which they
cannot core. All the World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Proprietors, of Buf-
falo, tL Y., ask is a fair and reasonable
trial of their means of cure.
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
$!&gjm CA flT t R5
S10K HIAOAOHI
Positively cured by these
Uttlo Pills.
They also rclicre Distress from Dyspqjsfa,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Xausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongrw
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price-
f^ood. Knife.
This is my special proposi-
tion. There are several dif-.
ferent styles i of handles, in-
cluding pearl. All are stan-
dard brands, and you are cer-
tain to be pleased. If you
want , ' . .
A GOOD RAZOR, I am offer-
ing an extraordinary value for
' the specially low price Ci t\(\
' STAB SAFETY RAZORS, In
regular $2.00 values, qi ct\
Two Bars Williams' |C n
10c Shaving Soap IQl *
Hail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAIM PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 Market St., Above Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO.
(j visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat
d MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
h G& is5iiuazz?sT.BH.8;ura,8.r.Ci].
\ C . The Lttrrtt Atuttom.cil Mutotun ia :b»
tQ -ij rrt. ' W«;d. Wr.kae *sei «r iny caaiT*cte4
7 S3Cw diswe ¦>»»Hlw«-ly«Br«lh7t»t»ldMt
O *DjtJ I S>pec»ii« <"» "»« Coin. EiljtjHn
A fl^^fi OR. JOROAN-O'SEASES OF MEN
\ f CGS^&H CoDnolttdoa free and «tr1<-tljr pHrale.
Q I jKWf LI Tr«»!ment p-uor«!j or by letter. A
| Afllf HA W,.., for Biak. PHII.O1UPaY«f
i " S \\* nAlkfllA«3K. MAILED FRgS. (A
A (J ij, vaiuaU* book for^r.-n)
V DH JOCDA.V A CO.. 1091 MarkttSt..8. F.
TTrsTBRjSGE^ircori
MERCHANT TAILORS. !||
i 622 Market Street. !jj!
r Up Stairs. Opp. Palace Hotel. '¦}'¦
j . SAN FRANCISCO. ;|
j Novelties in Imported * Wear. <|
i j : ~
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<»lif> KKAllNV MT. Established
in 1H34 for the treatment of I'rlvat*
I)Nea.sei<^I.o«t Manhood. 'Debility or
rtlieas" weariniron bodyanU mind and
Skin DLviises. Tlie Doctorcure^when
others fail. Try him. rhar«;»s low.
rnrr> <riijii-i»ni«-ftl. Call or write.
I Dr. J. *'. tilBBOS, Nan Francisco, Cal.
! ¦
RAFLWAY TRAVEIi.
& CALIFORNIA fi i
| LIMITED TO CHICAGO i
; i LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS I I
j B at I):3O a. m., tfcrontfx la 3 d»7». H
I ma with diner and all trapping*- ' Ki
Other Saata Pe Trains: j
7:30 a. m. V fcr Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 pi m'.\ Merced. Hanford and Vlaalla.
; 4:C0 p. m. for Stockton.
' 8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— €41 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. I*. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 37 South rirst St.,
San Joae.
HTO.SANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY/
HILL VALLEY/
CAZADERO, Etc
Via Sauiallto I*«rry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
«:30. 7:10, 7:45. 8:30. »:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
(11-40 a. m. Suusalito only), 12:2U. 1:43, 3:13.
4:00. 4:35. 5:15. 6:50. 6:23. 7:13. 9:00. 10:20.
11-35 P m. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at' 7:10. 7:45, 8:30 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a. m. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15, 4:00. 4:33.
6:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. S:15, 0:00. 10:20. 11:33
P * Arrive at San Francisco week days. 6:17.
70O 7:35 S:13. 8:45. 0:33-10:20. 11:08 a. m..
l»05 1:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20, 5:03. 8:40. 6:13.
6-55. 7:55.-10:C5. 11:25 p." m» On Sundays and;
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 1
1* :i>:>. 8:50 p. m.
For Fairfax, week day* depart at 7:43 a. m,.
3-15 p m., 5:15 p. ra. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00.
11:00. HMO a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:13
lnd8:15P -THROUGHTRAlN3.
7:45 a. m. dally— Caxadero and way stations.
9:15 a. m... Sundays only— For *»olnt Reyes,
etc.
3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday— Kor Caza-
d*ro. «tc.
5:15 p. tn.. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
' 7:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
etc.
8:15 p. rn.. Sundays only — For Cazadero eta.
I TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market «t.
> FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market it.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
LeaYO Yla bstsliU Ferry ArrlTe
San Fraucisco t**t *f Isttrt St. San Francisco
Week Sun- ¦ Suu- Week"
, Dayi. days. /&ffmffiK d»T»- Dayi.
10:00a y^^SsHf 2:05p*11:0Sa.
10:00 a 11:00 a ««£»» 3:33 r 3:35 r
1:45r12;ZOP &:40r 8:15 z
6:15r I:45p XgwK 6:15r 10:0*1
I 4:35 r MOr ........
* fli Cnrltj Car. ' *™»>»»J» t« llfl fsll«T.
Ticiit J625 Markxt St. (North Ohore Railroad)
OrriCM (aod aAVSAUTo Fjkskv, Foftt Muktt 3^Dr. N. H. Chamberlain has returned
pftr-- --, extended tour and resumes his
practice. _, . .
Dr. ¦ Ni H. Chamberlain Returns.
BERKELEY, June 27:- r Benjamin
Walker and Charles B. Jones of the
senior class of the University of Cali
fornia have- been made members of
the; faculty as readers In history. .
Seniors Promoted.
OAKLAND. June 27. — William
Moore, arrested early this morning as
the assailant of Frank. Freltas, whom
Moore saw walking with the .former
Mrs. Moore, was booked to-day at the
City Prison on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon.
Makes Charges of Assault.
BERKELEY. June 27. — The agri
culturists of the University of Cali
fornia have received news that the
dread pear blight, a plant disease that
has been the terror of fruit-growers
and has baffled experts ever since its
appearance on the banks of the Hud
son in 1794. has made Its appearance
in California. It has attacked the pear
trees in the orchards of the San Joa
quln and Sacramento valleys, and un
less . the university scientists' now
working on the problem can find a
remedy that will stay the ravages of
the disease it may seriously Injure the
pear-raising Industry in this State.
Pear Blijht Is Here.
OAKLAND, June 26. — Former City
Councilman John L. Howard is en
route home from Europe by way of
British Columbia. Mrs. Howard ar
rived Saturday, having accompanied
her husband as far as New York on
the return Journey. Mayor Olney has
not appointed a successor to the for
mer legislator, hoping that he can in
duce Mr. -Howard to resume his seat
in the City Council.
John L. Howard Ncars Home.
ALAMEDA, June 27. — Mrs. A. W.
Tesche of 1709 Eagle avenue, who
drank carbolic acid, at het\home lagt
Monday while in a state of mental de^
pression, denies that the act was
prompted because of differences with
her husband and asserts thafher rash
attempt to end her life was due to de
spondency caused, by illness.
"Although I cannot recall the act."
said Mrs.. Teachfe, "I desire to free my
husband from the blame that has been
unjustly given him. ' It was ill-health,
unaided by encouragement, from my
physician," that ..brought about my un
accomplished act." .
Sirs; A. W. Tesches Asserts She
Drank- Carbolic/' Acid Because
of Ill-Health. J
DENIES THAT DO.MESTIC
TROUBLE WAS CAUSE
OAKLAND. June 27. — William G.
Henshaw, president of the Union Sav
ing* Bank, will leave in two weeks
for a long tour of Europe in search of
rest and recreation.
President llcnvhaw to Leave.
Arrangements — Rev. Father: McSweeney
(chalrman). P. J. Ryan, D. Crowley, P.- N
Hanrahan. n. Montgomery. C. F. iChisholm,
B. McFadden, E. Hogan, ¦ L. ' Morlarity J.
Lamplnp, James Keller, J. Coakley N. Gal
lagher, E. Dolan. Ed Fitzgerald, M: Epencer
C. Fleweger and Rev. Father Cull (secretary)'
committee on printing and advertising— P. is;.
Hanrahan. P. J. Ryan. R. Montgomery-, j.
Kenney and C. F. Chlsholm; committee on
prtzea— N. Gallagher. M. Spencer. J. Keller
and J. Lumping; committee on games — Rev.
Father Cantwell. D. Crowley. C. F. Chlsholm
»nd M. Guthrie; rommutee on music— P. J.
&yan, P. X. Hanrahan and Ed Dolan. ¦
OAKLAND, June 27.— The annual
excursion of St. Francis de Sales par
ish will take place Wednesday at Sun
set Park, Santa Cruz Mountains. The
train \v|ll leave San Francisco at 8
o'clock a. m.;, First arid Broadway,
Oakland, and at 8:40 a. m., and -will
stop at East Oakland. , Trains v will
leave Sunset Park to return. at ,5
o'clock.
Games, dancing and a general good
time are scheduled. The programme
of games follows:
Race, girls under 10 year*: rac*. boys under
10 years; race, girls 10 to 15 years: race, boys
10 to 15 years: potato race. . plrU under 1.1
years; potato race, boys under 15 years; sack
race, boys dVer 10 years; three-lfjrged race,
boys from 10 to 15; wheelbarrow race for young
men; race for ladles over 15 years; pie race,
boys 10 to 15 years: fat women's race; married
ladles* race: rat men's /race: married men's
race: -hop. step and Jump; running broad Jump,
standing Jump.* - ...
The outing committees are as fol
lows: f'^Uv'-. '*/- '" ".' '¦'
Annual Outing to. Be Held Wednes
day at Sunset Park, in the Santa
Cruz Mountains.
ST. FRANCIS DE SALES- .
PARISH PLANS PICNIC
" Jacob Rice, aged 6!) years, died last
night at his home, 2127 Adeline street.
He leaves a wife. Nancy M. Rice, ajii
two sons, George F. and Edward tV.
Rice.
OAKLAND. June 27. — Suit for di
vorce was bcguif to-day by Estelle
Barren, who charges Moonis Barron,
nn Alameda barber, with throwing
Xilates and emptying hot tea upon her.
They were married in 1S91. but she
says she can no longer put up with
the abuse.
Says liurron I- Cruel.
OAKLAND, June 27.— The follow
ing marriage ljcenses were issued- by
the County Clerk to-day: Charles S.
Bowers, 24, and Charlotte AT Grun
wald, 19, both of San Francisco:
Henry H. Wilson, 23, Berkeley, and
Charlotte A. Bartels, 18, Oakland:
Franz L. Lindermann, over 21, and
Frederieke Ansorge, over 18, both of
Alameda; John F. Hallahan,. over 21,
and Clarissa A. Croger, over 18, San
Francisco; Joseph Petty, over 21,
Fruitvale, and Daisy F. Harbinson,
over IS, Oakland; Julius F. Larsen, 42.
Vallejo, and Rosa Brabazon, 82,
Berkeley; Joseph Field, over 21, and
Marie Gellett, over 18, both of San
Francisco; Cldtrence E. Langdon, over
21. and Annie M. Smith, over 18, both
of Oakland; William D. Cole, over 21.
and Lotta A. Jencks, over 18, both of
Oakland. 'iiA/- : ,
Marriage- Licenses.
• No changes will be made in the per
sonnel of the Health Department
force by reason of the new appoint
ment. • '¦': v, ;
The hold-over members of the
board are Dr. A. L. Cunningham J Dr.
J. Hamilton Todd and Dr. S. H. Bu
teau. ¦
OAKLAND. June 27. — Alayor Olney
to/-day appointed Dr. A. Liliencrantz.
the elder, to" be a ' member of the
Board of Health, succeeding Dr. O. D.
Hamlin, whose term has expired. Dr.
John T. Kitchings, term also expired,
was reappointed.
Mayor Names the Klrtcr Dr. A. Lilicn
cranU and Ilcappoints Dr. John
¦> : ; . T. Kitchings.
MAKES A CHANGE IN
THE BOAllD OF HEALTH
The result was this evening's ath
letic diversion at the track, witnessed
by a select number of the contesting
Mercuries' friends. The timekeepers
said the watches made it six minutes
wjien Rosenheim. puffing and panting,
crossed the Hne first. The doctor was
a bad second. . Both men were'tibout
ready to drop. John Marcovich and
W. H- J. Mathews were judges. Among
the 'spectators were Jack . Mathews,
Dr. Harry Travers, Judjje James G.
Quinn. L. H. MorrisVDr. Gross, "Kid"
Kgan, Frank Barnett, William -Ward
and Dave Jones. A number of ladies
were there incognito. Rosenheim col
lected $25 from Smyth.
V OAKLAND. June 27.— Phil Rosen
heim, clubman and society devotee,
bantered Dr. Walter J. Smyth, like
wise clubman and follower of fash
ion's dictate?, into a foot race. It
was prompted by the doctor's frequent
repetition of the story of how he won
the gentleman's race horseback on
Fabiola day at the jockey club track.
Smyth's friends insisted that lye
should be as' strong afoot as he was
mounted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 27.
While on a summer outing with a
party of Christian Brothers from St.
Mary's College. Brother Winebald
Joseph, 24 years old. was drowned yes
terday morning in the Russian River
at Duncans Mills. Brother Joseph had
gone In bathing with some compan
ions. He stepped into a hole and was
carried over his head. Being unable
to swim Brother Joseph was helpless.
The others were unable to reach him
in time to save his life.
The body was" recovered and was
brought to this city to-day. The un
fortunate accident caused much grief
among the brothers?, all of whom re
turned to the college.
Brother Joseph, in secular life An
drew Hughes, was born in County
Westmea.th, Ireland. He received a
liberal education and became a mem
ber of the Christian Brotherhood. Af
ter teaching for a time in San Fran
cisco, Brother Joseph, three years ago,
was attached to the parochial school
of St. Marjv'«T pariah in this city. He
leaves relatives in Walla Walla and a
brother. Brother Mark of Sacramento..
The funeral', will., be held, to-morrow
morning at 9:30 o'clock from St. Mary's
College. A "requiem high mass will
be celebrated at the college chapel.
Interment will be' in St. Mary's Cem
etery. - ;
SOCIETY MEN ENGAGE
IX FOOJ RACE CONTEST
Professor Bernard Moses ' followed
with a review of the educational value
of summer schools and the educational
system' of the United States.
Professors Stephens concluded by
welcoming the students and the'visit
ing members of the faculty.. Of the
faculty he said it. was composed' of
some of the gre'atest minds, leaders of
the highest thought in the world, to
whom it would .be a privilege to lis
ten/' . : ¦ • .y ¦ '
Professor Stephens • warned the stu
dents not to undertake too much work
at- the session, on the ground that they
would'.suffer mental, indigestion. .Tak
ing one or two courses and applying
to them studiously, leaving the other
courses to visit merely as auditors he
said is the best way to achieve results.
"You jj must remember," continued
Professor Stephens, "that the functions
of a summer school are different from
the University. You may go to fifty
summer schools arid yet not get what
you .will from the university. Teachers
-come' here to' get in' touch with new
ideas and new methods^ They wish to
knowhow educational subjects are "be
ing handled. It is not so much a work
of learning as it is of stimulation and
direction. So be moderate and get
some real good out of the summer
school." ."
BERKELEY. June 27.— The summer
session was formally opened \ at the
University of California this morning.
When the Recorder's office was opened
at 8:30 o'clock there was a lo*ng line of
men and women waiting to register
as students. All day long the line
moved past the counters, while clerks
worked hard- taking names and en
rolling them in the great book. At
the closing this afternoon 701 students
had become enrolled. Recorder Sutton
says that another 150 will be added to
_this numb#r before the session Is over.
With the arrival of the faculty and
students the university campus has
taken on its wonted animated appear
ance. Excepting for the fewer num
bers moving between buildings in the
Intervals between lectures it looks the
same as. when the regular session is
on. The stYange faces among the fac
ulty attract the attention of everybody
and many inquiries are going about
the Eastern and European members.
Most interest centers in Professor de
Vries of Amsterdam and Professor Ar
rhenius of Stockholm, whose old-school
appearance and fame as scientists pro
voke inquiry from all.
The university' meeting this after
noon in Hearst Hall was the first func
tion of the session. There was a Jarge
audience there, which was eager to
hear words of wisdom dropping from
th<» lips of two speakers-r-Professor H.
Morse. Stephens and Professor Bernard
Moses of the history department. Pro
fessor.. Lec-n J. Richardson, dean of the
session, announced the formal opening
of the school and introduced the speak
ers.. -V. ¦. ' ¦'
Brother Joseph Loses His
Life in the Russian l?iv
er Near Duncans Mills
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, June 27.
Last night four thugs roaming about
Ictyra Park showed Roque C. Reyes,
3cion. of an aristocratic Filipino fam
ily, how the Mores of America do
things. The quartet decoyed Reyes to a
dark spot on the grounds near the
Japanese i tea garden and sifted his
pockets of every cent of his money,
amounting in all to about $5.
Like all of his countrymen, Reyes is
small in stature. Each of the four who
held him up seemed to him aa husky
as Jim Jeffries, and he saw that it was
useless to* resist. While they slipped
their fingers into his pockets he stood
perfectly still, and when they got
through he went his way.
.'"They got me while I was walking
around the Japanese tea garden," said
the victim to-day. "They told me they
would kiU me if I said a word/and I
kept still."
'Reyes -Is "a student at Boone's pre
paratory school. He is one of the forty
Filipino boys who lately came to Amer
ica to study.
Four of Them Lure Eoquc
C. Keyes to a Quiet Spot
and IMfie His Pockets
TWO OF THE MOST PROMIXEXT
MEMBERS OF THE SUMMER
SCHOOL FACULTY.
DROWNS WHILE
ON VACATION
THUGS PERFORM
A MORO TRICK
F. D. Vanderlip to Mary J. Vanderlip. lot
on NW corner of Thirteenth and Alice streets, I
W 10© by N 5rt. Wats 21 and 22 and portion of
lot 23, block 194." Kellersberger's map, Oak
land; *1O.
Ira and Charlotte A. Vaughan to Katie Clir
ford. let on W line of Willow street. ;iu:«^» S
of Lincoln. S 25 byMV 90, portion lota 20 and
21. block A. Toland Tract. Oakland: $10.
D. T. and Nettle MeArthur to S Winifred
Goodwin (wife of W. H.) and Camille G. Hum
phrey tsirgie), let on W line of West street.
144 N of Thirty-eighth. X 31 by W 11«.»4.
portion lots 0 and 7. block F. Major Given
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Delia Fernandez to Ar.tonio Leonardo. Jot on
E line of Henry street. 113 S of West Fifth. S
25 by E- 125. lot 21. block F. Bay View Home
stead and adjoining property north, etc.. Oak
land; $10.
Arionio Leonardo fsingle) to D?lia Fernan
dez (single), let on E line of Maiden lane or
Maple street. 127:4 S of Taylor. S ;u by E 75.
lot 10, and. portion lot 11. map survey 1349 for
John Ziegenbein. Oakland; $10.
E. C. Robinson to Sarah T. Robinscn <wlfe),
lot on.NE corner of Peralta avejiue and Oak
street. N 102.6O by E 150, lots ti and 7. plat 17.
amended map Lake View, East Oakland: $10.
Robert. William and Louise T. Graff to '
James Baumberger. let on XE line of Glascc.-k
street. We NW of Petersen. XE 1C» by N'W 5i»,
lot f 2« ami 27. block IS. map North A'.amerta
Tract, formerly Valdez & Glascock Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Jame* Baumberger to Frlda A. S. Baumber
ger (single), same: "10.
Emma J. C. Kej-es (widow) to Frank Rflman,
lot on \V line of Opal street. 420 X of Weston
avenue or Thirty-elphth street. N 5O by YV
IIS. lots "0 and 21. block E. map of Broadway
and Telegraph Avcnu? Park Tract, Oakland;
$10.
Michael and Rose O'Relly (wife) to Minnie
O'Reily (daughter), lot on W line of Adeline
street, i:?l:« X of Third, X 150 b.v W 128:.{.
lots ::C to 41. block 477. Brings Tract. Oak
land: gift.
Ira end Charlotte A. Vaughan to Augusta
E Schrleber lot on E line of Maprnotla street
265:8 N of Eighth. N .'10 by E 100. bloc'.t
547. Boardman's Map. Oakland; $10.
Augusta E. and Chilstian Schileher (hus
band) to Ira Vaughan. lot on SW corner of
Lincoln and Willow streets. S 30:6)5 b >' W
1)0, block A, map of Tolan Tract on Seward
and Lincoln streets, 'Oakland; $10.
Lydia M. Stevtns (widov/) to Daniel Robert
son (married). lot on NE corner of Adeline
and Sixteenth streets. N SKJ by E 76, Oakland;
$10.
John and Mary Ferguson to Kate E. Meighan
(single) lot on S Hne of Sixth street. 75 W of
Clay. W 37 :G by S ICO. lot 14 and rorti»n of
lot 1". block 52. Kellersberser's Map, Oak
land $10.
Louise D. Tennent (wife of James H.) to
M. Lando lot on NW line of Howe street
722.2 NE of Moss avenue. NE 50. NW ISO. SW
50.0 SE 123. lots 18 ami portion of lots 1» and
17 block C map of Thermal Hill (formerly
Howe) Tract. Oakland- $10.
E. J l.ieonard to Marearett E. Leonard
(wife), "lot on K\V line of Ecfrt Eleventh street.
75 SE of Twenty-seventh avenue. SE 2.1 by
SW 100. lot 4, block M Knowles & Potter
Fubdlvlslon of Kennedy Tract. East Oakland;
gift.
George W. and There« J. .Nlles to Brlgitta
Seitz. lot on SE line of Twenty-fifth avenue,
nt SW corner of lot 5, ¦ thence parallel with
Twenty-third »trc«t SE 100.07. SU" 3X33. XXV
00.10. XE S.5.38. lot «S. block F. Latham Ter
race, Brooklyn 1 Township; $15.
t». H. and Agnes W. Farnsworth to Susan
P H-.Bixby (widow), lot on N line of Dwlght
way 5C2. II E of Bowdltch street. E 40 by N
ISO* portions lots 2 and 3. block 8. property
College Hpjneetead Association. Berkeley: *1«>.
James C. and Phoebe E. Wilder to Mellon
W. Haskeir. lot on N line of Durant avenue.
.".Tl.Ofi Wot Shattuck. W 80 by X 130. portion
lot* 16 and 18. block I, map Barker Tract, por
tion plat CS; $10.
Joseph I. and Kate T. Twohfg to Frederick
G. and Lydia A. Otto, lot on H line of Blossom
str»»t. ."V7O W of Fruitvale avenue. W "5. 3
H3.S2. B 3T>. X It."?.!*!, lot 10. Orchard Tract.
Fruitvale. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Rachel Searlcs <wldow) to Walter George,
lots 37 and 3S. each said lots fronting: 40 en
Orchard avenue by l.'M) deep, map Scarles Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Leah F. Mott (single) to Louise R. Bramp
ton let on S Hne of Pacific avenue. .100 E of
Chestnut street. E 50 by S 150:2. lot 12. block
5. lands adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda: $10.
Delta J. F. Wood (executrix estate of Wil
liam E. Brown) to John Filmer. lot on W line
nf Sherman street. 100 S of Kings avenue. S
R5 by W 150. portion lot» 3 and 4, Bay Side
Tract, Alameda; $1560.
Alameda County.
MONDAY. JUNE 2T.
REAL ESTATK TRANSACTION'S.
The Will Hushes have taken the pretty Pied
mont home of Mr. and Mrs. E. D^ Flint for a
year. The Flints have gene to Los Gatos to
reside.
Mr. and Mrs. Asa V. Mender-halt (nee Hatclo
were last seen at Mount Hamilton, whither
they had gone contrary to the expectations of
waiting Uverrnore friends.
Miss Helen Powell and Miss LiU'an Rerr.il
lard have returned from a visit to the World's
Fair and to the Yellowstone Park.
Mrs. T. P. Hosran «nd chil.lren are at Sunol
and will occupy the Deal piace during the va
cation. Mr. Hrjtan la at present souirurnirtc
at Tuscan Spring?. Tehama I'ounty. but wi'l
loin his family at Sunol later on. W. E. Oii
mo-jr, a prominent capitalist of Fr?sno. with
his family will ooour> v the Oak-street reaidenca
cf Mr. arid Mrs. Hogan during their absence.
The r«H-e7>t'.o:i this evenir.s was a very eta*»»
orate affair. ab«ut 4CO Invitations having been
issued. '
• • •
The hapr v counle w*T« wedded in S?r>olca"»\
VV;««h.. on J>in<- It"., rn.1 are now tourln* Pali
fornia on th«ir honeymoon. The bride w^ji
Miss Kthel Morrison of Spckane. The groom*
father Is tbfl well known president anJ general
manager of the Pacific Press Publishing Com
pany in this City.
Whfn they have lis<J fmu'h of traveling &&
a time Mr. and Mrs. Jones Jr. will go to lh-»:r
heme. a beautiful little suburban vlllp near
Palo Alto.
l!r. and Mr?. C. H. Jone* stave a larse re
ception this evening at their home on Central
avenue in honor of their «on. Floyd J"n«-9. and
hi* bride.
On Wednesday Mm Parker will be hosier
at a r-cotion abrard on? of the Government
vessels off Goat Island, where Fred Perkins is
stationed as paymaster. Tbfal last affair will
also r><* complimentary to Miss Hanley an'i
Miss Thomson.
In the evening Mis-H Thomson and her gu«st
viH bs the hcnorsil on?n at a unique affair
heirrr planned bv iliss Katharine Brotvn nf
Alameda. The Alameda Boat Club house wtll
be the scene of festivity. The floors will b*
canvasfd and .music furnished for dancing
and the club's most comfortable boats will h*
In readiness-- that the guests may enjoy a
moorl'^ht ride on the estuary.
Alrtatiy the youns ladies are objects of con
sul Table social attention and MU8 Hanley'a
sojourn here »Tomis.?s to be a pleasant cne.
On Tu»-?day next Mi.-s Tansy .Perkins will
start the ball rMling with a luncheon fur
twelve in honor of Miss Thomson and Mi-*
Hanley. The luncheon will take place ac
Palm Knoll. Senator Perkins 1 beautiful home
on the height?, and will doubtless add to Miss
I'ansy's reputation a* a delightful hostess.
OAKLAND. June. 27. — For the stranger
within our gmttt hospitable Oakland has ever
ready some form of diversion, and If the guest
be feminine and pretty she scarcely has tim^
to look around before she la whirled into a
merry round of entertainment. Miss Anita
Thomson, the charming daughter of Mr. an l
Mrs. A. _ D. Thonis'on. returned from New
York a ff-w day» and brought with her as
her guest. Miss Lor-jta Hanley. an attractive
•southern tirl.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
IN SUMMER DAYS
At ninety, and a great-grandfather.
Franz L. Llndermann of Alameda is
able to woo and wed. and to-day he
obtained a license to marry Fredericke
Ansorge, who is five years past the al
lotted three score and ten.
They were married by the Re"^. TV.
Brandes this evening and will live at
Llndercnann'3- home on Taylor avenue,
between Seventh and Eighth streets,
in Alameda. • ~.vj
The courtship of the aged groom
was as well directed and brief a8 if
he had been a young man.
The pair met at a German picnic two
weeks ago. Lindermann has not been
getting alons very well with a mar
ried daughter and was feeling lonely
when he was introduced to the woman
who is now his wife. They sat and
watched the youngsters* dance and play
under the trees. This drew from them
reminiscences of other days, when un
der the lindens in the Fatherland they
indulged in like pastimes. The ac
quaintance of that afternoon ripened
and a few days later found Linder
mann making his first call on his
sweetheart of seventy-five.
Yesterday was the third Sunday the-y
spent together and to-day the mar
riage license was bought and the cere
mony performed. Each has somft
property and the couple are indepen
dent of the support of others.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 27.
Franz L. Lindermahn Wins
an Aged Bride After Brief
but Romantic Wooing
The usual preliminaries having been
disposed of there was a very short ex
ecutive session, and then the work of
the meeting vas rushed through in
short order. The necessary legal mo
tions were made to apply for places
upon the primary and regular tickets,
the primary election to be held on Aug
ust 9. The date of the convention was
fixed for August 16 at Vallejo.
Then came the all-important motion
— that delegates outside of the four
<ities where the primary law is manda
tory be appointed by the committee.
This motion was made by Dr. C. L.
Tisdale of Alameda and was seconded
by H. F. Stahl of Solano. There was
very little talking over the motion.
<"hairman Henshaw announced that- no
petition or request had been filed with
the committee for any other course. Dr.
Tlsdale said that this procedure was
usual for outside districts and the mo
tion was carried with but one vote
against it, that of Everett J. Brown.
<"hairman Hfr.shaw announced that
the commit teeman from each district
would bring the names of his delegates
to a meeting of the committee to be
held <>n Friday next at the same time
:\r,d plrce. The basis of apportionment
v.as fix«d at one delegate for each 200
\otes cast for George C. Pardee for
Gorrrncr. Ths matter win be <-•!¦. s«:d
up at this mee.ii,;.
The Alamedi County Hoard oT Su
pervisors was in session this morning,
but n<j petition was presented to them
askinr that primaries be called in the
country districts.
No protest or petition was received
from State Senator G. R. Lukens or
his friends and the action of the com
mittee went without a challenge. There
was a conference of a number of Sena
tor Lukens' friends just prior to the
committee meeting. The conference
was purely informal and none of those
present at the little gathering appeared
at the meeting of the committee. There
was quite a gathering of those promi
nent in State affairs. They were look
ing for points, as the meeting will have
en important bearing upon the affairs
of the entire State. Contra Costa Coun
ty sent down quite a delegation, in
cluding State 'Senator C. M. Belshaw
and Superior Judge W. S. Wells. Sen
ator W. C. Ralston of Calaveras was
also present, with a large number from
Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley.
There wpre five absentees when
Chairman W. G. Henshaw called the
committee to order, one of whom was
not represented by proxy. W. H. Chick
ering has been ill for some time and
was not present and sent no proxy. W.
L. Crooks of Solano and C. L. Crellin
of Pleasanton are both in the East.
Mr. Crouks sent hie proxy to Dr. C. L.
Tisdale of Alameda and W. G. Hen
efcaw held that of C.^L. Crellin. John
Birmingham Jr. of Contra Costa Coun
ty gave his proxy to G. E. Milnes,
chairman of the Republican County
Central Committee of that county.
Those present were: Forty-seventh
District— Dr. C. L. Tisdale and E. E.
Johnson; Forty-eighth District— Rod
W. Church and Frank Barnett; Forty
ninth District— Morris Flynn; Fiftieth
District— Everett J. Brown: Fifty-first
District— William G. Henshaw; Fifty
second District — George D. Metcalf;
Contra Costa Ccunty — James M. Stow;
Solano County— H. F. Stahl.
The Republican Committee of the
Third Congressional District, compris
ing the counties of Alameda, Contra
Costa and Solano, to-day settled the
question of the manner of the selection
of delegates to the Congressional con
vention, and in doing so settled the
question of who should be the next Re
publican nominee for Congress. The
committee decided to appoint the dele
gates from the districts outside of the
cities of Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley
and Vallejo, and as nearly every mem
ber of the committee favors State Sen
ator Joseph R. Knowland it is a cer
tainty that he will be nominated.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, June 27.
"The Republican convention waa thft
most interesting thing I saw. It
brought together all the great minds
of the party, and I liked to study them.
I had intended to stay in Chicago two
days, but I lingered to get it all. Of
the speeches I think Mr. Knight's was
the best delivered and best understood.
The instant he began to talk the con
vention was all attention. It was such
a relief to hear him thunder. Mn
Black's speech was scholarly and epi
grammatic, and I should say that it
was an addition to English literature.
The only trouble was that it could not
be heard. Ellhu Root's speech I con
sidered one of the finest documents the
Republican party holds. It was a mas
terly effort and will be preserved."
President Wheeler's trip carried him
all over the East. At Brown Univer
sity, his alma mater, he attended the
dedication of a ,new hall built by his
fraternity. He could not attend the
convention of the National Educational
Association, -which is about to convene
at St. Louis, but saw President Butler
of Columbia University and delegated
to him the powers of president.
"I called on President Roosevelt. He
has not changed at all, but romplains
that he is taking on more flesh than
he wants to carry. This forces him to
take long walks in an effort to reduce
the tendency to obesity.
President Wheeler returned to the
University of California this afternoon
from his annual summer visit to the
East, having fulfilled to the letter his
plan to rejoin Mrs. Wheeler in Berke
ley on the anniversary day of their
wedding. During his five weeks' ab
sence President Wheeler met and was
entertained by men leading in the
thought and policies of the nation, of
whom he talked freely to an inter
viewer. He said:
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, June 27.
Justice Edgar said that when the
proper data is furnished him he will
issue a warrant, as binder ordinance
No. S2 it is a misdemeanor to cut down
street trees.
The women of the Town and Gown
Club are going to have somebody ar
rested for cutting down five trees on
Center street last week, thus destroy
ing some of the town's beauty. Just
whom the punishment will be visited
upon nobody knows, but . the club is
bound to have the law on the guilty
party. It may be Mr. Lindgren and
it may be Mr. Hicks of the firm of
Lindgren & Hicks, contractors, for it
is one of the members of the firm who
is said to have committed the deed.
To say that the Town and Gown
Club is indignant over this alleged
desecration is ' giving employment to
the mildest term in the dictionary. No
doubt some of them would like to tear
the eyes out of the man or men who
cut down those five trees. It would be
a brave man who could muster up
courage enough to confess, like the
Father of his Country, that he did It
with his little hatchet.
It is a criminal offense to cut down
trees in Berkeley. The destroyer may
be fined as much as $100 or sent to
jail for 100 days. Perhaps if the de
stroyer knew the penalty he would not
have taken the risk. At any rate the
Town and Gown members have dug
up an old ordinance bearing: on the
subject and by way of protest against
any more ruthless tree cutting they
intend to prosecute either Mr. Lind
gren or Mr. Hicks. It will be an ex
ample to somebody.
The civic section of the Town and
Gown Club »has. taken the initiative.
Mrs. Alan G. Freeman, chairman of
the- section, and Mrs. Frank Howard
Paine, "a member, went before Justice
Edgar this afternoon and applied for
a warrant for the arrest of one of the
firm of Lindgren & Hicks. There was
a flaw in the proceedings, however, for
the complainants could not say which
one of the firm is responsible for the
deed^and a postponement until to-mor
row was advised. Mrs/Freeman said:
. It was a fham« to cut those trees down and
somebody will be pun'.stfed. There Is a town
ordinance that forbids cutting trees on the
Ftreetr. - A great many people are indignant
ovfr the desecration. The whole Town and
tsow-n Club Is Interested in thte matter and so
is the North Berkeley Improvement Club, which
has delt-frated Mr. E. J. Martin to assist us In
the proFecution cf the vandals.
The trees stood on Center etreet, in front of
the schoot property that was lately leaned
for building purpose*. The trees were great,
spreading menarchs that made the street beau
tiful. . Nobody thought they were to be cut
down and noboCy protested while the \ andal- 
ifiti was going on. It is a shame, but 1 wish
to repeat that somebody will be punished for it.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center street. June 27.
THOUGH NINETY
HE TAKES WIFE
Lukens Makes Xo Appeal
to Party Representatives
or to the Supervisors
Digs Up an Ancient Ordi
nance and Is Preparing to
Prosecute the Destroyer
Discusses Speeches at Re
publican Convention and
Says Knight's Was Best
KX0WLAXD SUCCESSFUL
JUSTICE . APPEALED TO
MEETS THE PRESIDENT
Congressional Committee
Decides Upon Its Plan
for the Thirjl District
Berkeley Society Club Takes
Steps for Punishment of
Man Who Removed Trees
Chief of the University
Returns to His Berkeley
Home After Six Weeks
WILL APPOINT
THE DELEGATES
TOWN AND GOWN
WOMEN PROTEST
WHEELER TALKS
OF TRIP EAST
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE: SAN" FRANCISCO;XAm: TUESDAY, JUNE 28,; 1904;
Distinguished Scientists and Professors From the Old
World Prove Great Drawing Card at the State
University Where Late Ideas Are to/ Be Discussed
SUMMER SCHOOL ATTRACTS
LARGE LIST OF TEACHERS
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I • Cfl IIRATEO * O
JK ..STOMACH #t
FITTER?
Isn't it reasonable to fuppose that
when the Bitters has cured thousands
of cases of "weak stomach" in- the
past that it will cure y"ou, too? It is
worth trying, anyhow. ' .*«'-'
-It always cures Indigestion, Consti-
pation, Poor Appetite, Dyspepsia,
Flatulency and Biliousness. • .
OAKLAND.
10? *> Broadway.
Telephone Matn 10SZ.
BERKELEY.
214S Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
ALAMEDA.
% I435 Park Street.
Telephone Alanieda 559.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
• ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISE2IENTS.
nn j v ill ¦¦ g
MODERN jMBTHODS^
And a thorough theoretical andpra«*4aflA
knowledge of
...DENTISTRY...
Place our work on a plane much at>ov«
the average. Nothlns ts done on chano*
Each operation Is successful because
carefully considered and skillfully car-
ried out.
¦^iiTEE^H
Made by us will last for many yfears.
aold TillinffB. .$l.oo Bone PlUta? . 50o
SUver Pilling*. .S0ci Extraction irree.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
3 TATLOB ST., BAIT 7BANCXSCO.
073 "Washington St, Oakland.
8«i Jose* . • __ ¦ _ . Sacramento.Arrest a Lord's Mother-ln-Law.
OAKLAND, June 27. — Principals of
the School Department have been of
ficially advised that no pupil who has
not been vaccinated will be permit
ted to re-enter school when the sum
mer vacation closes. This notice is in
accordance with the action of the
State Board of Health In directing
enforcement of statutes providing for
vaccination of public school children.
The Supreme Court has decided that
the law is a valid one.
Pupils Must Be Vaccinated.
BERKELEY, June j 27. — Johnny
Giffless, a 4 -year-old boy, residing on
Shattuck avenue, was saved from be
ing run. down by. a Key Route' train
this morning .at Dwight way by a
young man named Burrlll Bush. The
child became confused while crossing
the street between the Southern Pa
cific, and the Key Route tracks and
stood in the middle of the Key Route
track until Bush ran up and . dragged
him away. ...
Saves a Child From Train.
OAKLAND, June . 27. — Roy and
Howard Clark, children of Mrs. May
E. Clark \ of Alameda, were taken
from her and given into the custody
of Frank J. Kane of the Pacific Hu
mane Society of San i Francisco
to-day. Ethel M. Clark, a step
daughter, was . taken from her a
few weeks ago and given to Mrs. Mc-
Burnie, her grandmother, on the
ground that Mrs. Clark was not a flt
person to have the. custody of it.
Mother Loses Children.
WASHINGTON. June 27.— Charlrs E. Ma
roon has been appointed general counsel for
the Isthmian Canal Commission.
BERKELEY, June 27.— Charles V.
Keyes, a member of one of Berkeley's
best families, is in trouble again. This
time it is on an order from San Fran
crsco's Police Court commanding him
to appear and show cause why he did
not pay $40 for the hire of an auto
mobile in which he is alleged to have
entertained his friends for a whole
night. Keyes, so the story goes, took
a party of convivial friends out for a
ride, but upon his return forgot to pay
the chauffeur, wherefore the police
and the Justices' Court. Keyes agreed
to pay $5 an hour for the rental of
the machine and he was out eight
hours.
Charles V. Keyes Forges to Pay at
the End of Eight Hours' Fun
and Now Faces Courts.
RIDES IX AUTOMOBILE'
AND WINDS UP IN JAIL
TEARL HARBOR STATION
MAY SOON BE UNDER WAY
&d\-ice<! Received by Admiral Terry
Indicate Early Start on Con
struction Work.
HONOLULU. June 21. — That work
1*111 be commenced on the new naval
station at Pearl Harbor Is indicated
by o a letter which Admiral Terry, the
commandant of the local naval sta
tion, has received from the Secretary
of „ the Navy. During the course of
the letter the Secretary said:
Tit is the intention of the depart
ment to establish a considerable naval
Station at Pearl Harbor. Plans for the
eurvey work for clearing the ap
proach are now under consldera
tion.*
The letter etated that. In all like
lihood, the establishment of the naval
ptation at Pearl Harbor ¦would mean
the abandonment of the station at
Jionolulu.
DAMAGE SLIT DISMISSED.— An£rvw Bec-
Cf>. •¦ 14-yar-cld boy. who rued the D. Ghir
¦ -<->.:*. 1 Company for $5000 rtamece for the
los« of two Cn*m fn a machine which he was
operatirjf In th« firm's employ, yesterday dis
missed the suit.
The defense introduced letters from
the absent, wife. Written by. the plain
tiff, in which he called her all manner
of loving things and offered to send her
money to come back. This was admit
ted, but the anti-climax came iri the
form of a telegram assuring the wife
that there was neither money nor pass
for her. Then a' newspaper was pro
duced showing that the woman had
been arrested in Joplln, Mo., while sit
ting in the moonlight with a Kansas
City drummer, and the plaintiff argued
that this was the. reason he had in re
turn refused a reconciliation.
Jennie R. Cassell, a pretty young wo
man, was well known here, being at
one time engaged in missionary work,
and the story has caused somewhat of
a sensation. Her testimony and that of
her mother were made by affidavit from
Kansas.
SAN BERNARDINO, June 27.— R. R.
Cassell, a prominent employe of one
of the railroad companies, was granted
a divorce in the Superior Court this
afternoon by Judge Noyes of Riverside,
presiding in the absence of Judge Bled
soe. Both sides were represented by
able attorneys and the trial was sensa
tional. The plaintiff, being placed on
the stand, related the story of the man
ner in which his wife had deserted him.
She had left, him ostensibly for a six
months' visit to her mother in Newton,
Kan., but had refused to come back to
California. He followed her after writ
ing numerous letters, pleading in vain
for her. return, but she told him ,. that
she was tired of married life and pre
ferred to earn a living in her own way.
She was at that time working in a res
taurant. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Nebr., June 27. — The new
department of Inspectorship inaugu
rated on the Southern Pacific by the
appointment of J. G. Sullivan as chief
inspector is to be extended to all of
the Harriman lines, according to the
Union Pacific officials. The intention
is to establish chief inspectors, with a
staff of inspectors under them, who
will put in their time looking for flaws
in the service. They will look espe
cially after cleanliness and ventilation
and report all cases of negligence or
carelessness on the part of employes
to the general manager.
The chief inspectors will have au
thority to criticize any employe and
recommend any changes they may
think desirable for the good of the
service.
Union Pacific Officials Say Magnate
Intends Adopting New System on
All His Roads.
ALL HARRIJIAN* LINES
MAY HAVE INSPECTORS
Husband Begs Spouse to Re
turn, but Press clipping
Causes a Change of Mind
WANTS DIVORCE,
NOT THE WIFE
FRIENDS FIGHT
OVER A WOMAN
ADD BEATING
TO EPITHETS
EUREKA FIRE
NOT SERIOUS
Fancied Insult to Charmer
Arouses Briton's Chivalry
and He Issues Challenge
Plant of Lighting Company
Quickly Repaired and the
City Is Again Illuminated
Hoodlums Knock Man Sense
less After Insulting Him
in Presence of a Woman
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA, June 27.— The damage done
to the plant of the Eureka Lighting
Company by last night's conflagration
has proved less serious than was an
ticipated. The corrugated iron parti
tion separating the furnace-room from
the dynamos confined the i fire to the
room in which it started. The fire de
partment spared no effort to keep the
fire from spreading to the dynamo
room. The dynamos were all covered
to protect them from the heat.
This morning it was discovered that
the machinery outside of the furnace
room was all in perfect condition. The
cars of the Humboldt Transit Com
pany, which receives its electric power
from the lighting company, began run
ning at 3 o'clock to-day. The lights in
the business places and residences were
all turned on this evening. Most of the
lights were run by the sub-station, and
would not have been interfered with
had the fire been more serious.
It is thought that J5000 will cover the
damage. The only business concern
that will be affected by the fire is the
Occidental Mill Company, which plant
will be shut' down for a few days until
the pipes leading from the mill to the
electric plant can be repaired. The 'city
at large will suffer no inconvenience
whatever.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN" LUIS OBISPO, June 27.— Five
prominent young men were arrested
here to-day on a charge of disturbing
the peace, and it is believed the exam
ination will lead to further and more
serious charges.
Last Saturday night about 9 o'clock
A. J. Hill, a Southern Pacific brake
man, was chatting with Miss Antoin
ette Lamy on her mother's doorstep in
this city, when Sam Cook and George
Faulkner came along and spoke insult
ingly to the couple. Young Hill re
sented the Insult and the boys went
¦-away. Shortly after they returned
with three comrades and renewed the
insults. Seeing that he could have no
peace, Hill bade his sweetheart adieu,
after pr6mising her to avoid trouble.
Hill went into the street, passed his
five adversaries and was again insult
ed. '. He turned and faced one of the
young men and received a blow on the
head. Then he was knocked Insensi
ble. • A moment later Mrs. Lamy came
upon the scene and saw the five young
men by the moonlight peering into the
face of the reviving brakeman. ' The
assailants disappeared and Hill was
cared for and sent to the Railroad
Hospital in San Francisco by the next
train. Hill's Injuries consist, besides
bruises, of a compound fracture of the
left ankle, from which it Is stated he
cannot recover for some months. The
young men arrested are . Sam Cook,
George Faulkner, Leroy Anderson,
Willie Schulz and Charlie Stebbfns.
Several are sons of wealthy and influ
ential families, but so strong are the
facts against them that the sentiment
is for the boys to take whatever pun
ishment they may deserve.
Special Dispatch to Tho CaJl.
SALT LAKE, June 27. — Charles
Sherwin and Montgomery Fisher,
prominent young men of Salt Lake,
quarreled over a woman and fought a
vicious fight with bare knuckles to set
tle the dispute. The fight took place
this afternoon. Sherwin was the chal
lenger. He is an Englishman and con
strued a joking remark made by
Fisher to be an insult and demanded
satisfaction. When asked to name
weapons he chose boxing gloves, and
the pair at once adjourned to a local
gymnasium.
The police got a tip. raided the placa,
and prevented the fight.
Sherwin and Fisher then agreed to
meet at a point across the Jordan
River, west of the city, and were driven
there with about a dozen friends, who
acted as seconds. The gloves had been
forgotten, bo the two men stripped to
the waist and went at it with bare
fists. They agreed to fight to a finish
and objected to the efforts of their
friends to 8top the mill, which soon
became a wicked one.
Almost every blow was damaging.
Both men were knocked down within
a minute and they were soon bathed
in each other's blood. Again and
again the friends endeavored to per
suade them to call it off, but the fight
ers steadily refused and kept at It until
both fell from exhaustion. They were
carried to the Jordan River, bathed
and their injuries dressed.
Sherwln's head was one mass of
bruises. His lips were cut and swollen
and both eyes were black. Fisher has
an ear torn, a black eye and a large
swelling on his cheek. Both, are In bed
under the care of a doctor to-night.
% The men had been friends prior to
the fight and lived in the same apart
ment-house.
STEAMSHIP HUMBOLDT
BEARS PRECIOUS BURDEN
Vessel Sails From Juneau to Seattle
Cnrrylns More Than a Mil
lion in Gold.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 27. — The
steamship Humboldt sailed from
Juneau Saturday afternoon for this
port and will arrive to-morrow, bring
ing fifty passengers and $1,200,000 in
gold from the Dawson mining district.
It. will be the largest shipment re
ceived in Seattle for several months.
From now on the various vessels
returning from Skagway will all carry
treasure consigned to the various
banks, transportation companies and
assay office.
Better Water' for Alameda.
ALAMEDA, June 27. — Because of
the many complaints made of th<?
water that was being supplied here by
the Contra Costa Company from Lake
Chabot, the corporation has notified
City Trustee Dr. H. M. Pond that the
water now being furnished in Alameda
is from the artesian wells at Alvarado.
Famous Feud Leader Injured.
JACKSON. Ky.. June 27. — Judge
James Hargia was thrown from hfs
horse to-day and received injuries that
may prove, fatal. Kis shoulder was
broken and he probably is internally
injured. ' > .
AUTHORITIES CANCEL
TREADGOLD CONCESSION
Action of the Ottawa Government
May Reopen Vast Area of Placer
" Ground for Locution. .
SEATTLE, Wash., June 27.—Ad
vices from Dawson to the effect that
th'e Government I at Ottawa had can
celed the now famous Treadgold con
cession will be of interest to many
miners and prospectors who have been
in the Klondike region the last three
years. The cancellation means that a
vast area of placer ground will prob
ably be open for location or nossiblj*
sold as crown "lands, .. £fi£
Personally Conducted Excursion to
** : V Yoseniite.
Leaves San Francisco Saturday morn
ing. July 2. over the Sartta Fe to Yosem
ite and back for $2S 50. Through two
groves of tbe largest trees In the world
en route. Special care for women and
children. Spend the Fourth of July in
the grandest spot on earth.
Full particulars, what to wear and
how to go, at 641 Market street. 8anta
INDIAX SQUAW HELPS
OUT PUZZLED SKIPPER
Alaska-Hound Ship Fails to Find
Town Sousht and Native Passen
ger Guides the Way.
" TACOMA, Wash.. June 27.— An In
dian squaw enabled the Alaska steam
er Santa Ana to reach Yakataga two
weeks ago after her officers had almost
given ud trying to find the town. In
some manner the navigating officer lost
his bearings soon after the Santa Ana
left Yakutat for Yakataga, where the
new gold discoveries have ¦ recently
been made.
/ The steamer arrived at the place
where Yakataga was supposed to be.
but no town was She cruised up
and down the beach until after day
light and both officers and passengers
began to doubt the existence of such a
place. At this time the first officer dis
covered in the forecastle an Indian
squaw bound from Yakutat to Yaka
taga. She was brought forth and
requested to point the way to her
home. Fourteen miles eastward was
the point toward which she waved her
hand. The ship was put on that course
And the town reached.
In speaking of this Judge Greene
said: "A number of Judges held
when the present divorce law
went into effect that the provision for
holding up the judgment for a year
was unconstitutional. Judge Rhodes
of San Jose wrote an opinion, in
which a number of others concurred,
I among them. In this case I granted
an absolute decree. Here was one
error. The judgment entered was not
such as provided for, and there was
another error. I am not prepared to
say offhand whether that decree can
be changed or not. The time for ap
pealing from it has passed and that
Is something in the lady's favor."
OAKLAND, June 27.—^Clarence E.
Langdon and Annie M. Smith took
out a marriage license to-day and
were married. Xow there is a doubt
whether the bride is legally divorced
from John A. Sheppard. She was
granted an absolute decree of divorce
by Judge^ Greene. a year ago. ' ,The,
Supreme Court 'afterward -, held that
the Judge erred in granting the di
vorce. To-day they treated the de
cree as a final one and were married.
Annie Smith Marries and There Is a
Question Whether She Can
Make Such a Contract.
QUEER LEGAL POIXT
ARISES OVER DIVORCE
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., June 27.
A jury was empaneled by Coroner
Hall to-day to inquire into : the cause
of the death of Roxie McGee and John
H. Davis, who were killed in the riot
ing: in Victor on the afternoon • of
June 6.
Will Investigate Men's Deaths.
ST. LOUIS, June 27. — The following
Californians registerd at the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition June 22:
£=an Francisco — Miss C. C. Otto. Mrs l>na
Eaton, A. S. Dewty Miss K. McGcugh, Mips
R. Harby. Mrs. A. G. L,yle, John L,> lr G E.
Sicilian, Mrs. B. S. Hayes, Mrs. W. Hartley,
Walter Zwfeg, E. C. Hueter. Mr. and >Irs j.
«\ Martin Jr., Miss Anna Perkins. Miss Carrie
Barren. Mi?s Emma Onyon, Miss Ethel Per
kln?, Mr. ani Mrs. W. G. Orr. A. Hiesan
Frank Stand. Mrs. F. W. Pieshcy. A. 1*
Mo.-h»>r. A. C. Beckman. Mr. and Mrs. S C.
Harthir.an, Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Kepnor, A T
Vi«chftld, C. S. Cannell. W. S. Hoag, J. H.
and Mrs. Bloom. Mrs. T. O. Sewis W W".
Weatlfy. H-l^n Danley, A. W. Kupler. Charles
Johnson, .Teniile Putt, Mrs. Schmidt. F. C.
Itupple. Mr. and Mrs. George Johnson, Emma
Schmidt, M. E. Timer. E-J Stack. Fred Koster.
Alfr«vl Eisner. Mrs. W. H. AVilke H A
Friedman. Mr?. K. A. "tt'hitesldp, I. liemmlnK.
Mirs Belle l^Tigtt-M. U J. Len«?feld, J. Stein
berger. \V. C. McEvilly, W. E. Steinberger,
W. Hollzer, J. F. I'llrh. Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Beadnell. George Aitken. Mrs. A. A Tisdall
A. A. Tisdall. B. S. Hayes. Richard Schmidt,
Mrs. C. A. Hutton, Roger Wilson.
Pan Jose — John Macke. L,. A. Bates and
wife. Mlfs Carolyn Maog, Edward Howard
Berkeley — E. C. Pa It, TV. W". Henry, j. C.
Broadie and wife, Leo D. Bishop, "l,. R.
SohaefTer.
Oakland— F. M. Dapman. S. F. Mencham.
II. C Van Onteron. Rev. G. W. Stone. II. I.
Randford. I>. M. Wade, Flora Mitchell, Pau
line Mart-hall. Ulla Marshall, Florence Bur
rell. Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Wade. Mrs. and Miss
H. Z. Jones, Mrs. W. E. Sharon, James I-an
you. Mrs. George Russell. George Russell Mrs
R. S. Taylor. F. M. Slndan, H Champion.
Hattie Russell.
Sacramrrto — L«uis Oreen, Mrs. A. F. Mor
gan, I. M. EnriRht. H. O. Johnson.
Fair Registers Show Presence of a
Liarge Number of People From
the Golden State.
EXPOSITION' IS VISITED
BY MAXY CALIFORXIAXS
"The officials admit that there was
an attempt by one or two prominent
individuals whose names they will not
.divulge, to make a land grab, and the
six natives were used only as 'dum
mies.' The local land office. In charge
of Baldwin, discovered the deception
anfl upon his report the patents were
never issued, although the principals
subsequently endeavored to secure the
return of their money. It is possible
there may be other developments of
a more sensational character before
the investigation ceases."
The qlleg'ed embezzlement occurred
rm^or about February 28, 1898, when,
it 5*s claimed, as Sub- Agent Baldwin re
'< «:\(?d $7 S3 €7 from six Hawaiians for
pertain public lands located at Kaimu,
near K*alapana. It is said he receipt
,-ed for the full amount of the purchase
price of the lots, were sold at
auction, v.hen he was authorized to
lake only one-quarter of the amount.
The llilo Tribune says: .
HONOLULU. June 21. — It seems
that the homestead land applications
"On account of which E. D. Baldwin of
Hilo »as arrested for embezzlement
yere "dummy" applications, the ap
plicants being put forward by persons
who wanted to fcet hold of the lands.
Developments in Honolulu Embezzle
ment Case Show an Attempt to
Defraud Government.
APPLICATIONS FOR LAND
AliE MADE BY "DUMMIES"
TOPEKA, Kans., June 27.-T-T. L.
Wilson, fourth vice president of the
International Association of Machin
ists, is to take charge of the Santa Fe
machinists' strike here to-morrow.
Wilson is charged with the responsibil
ity of the present strike. The Santa
Fe management to-day reiterated Its
determination to have nothing to do
with the union.
Vice President of Maclilnlsts Will
Control Strike Against Santa Fe.
WII^OX TO TAKE CHARGE.
'"The barrel tells," Freel replied, hold
ing up one of the loosened staves. "The
blackened edges show that it was
burned from the bottom and from the
inside out. There are no marks of
burning on the outside except in a
small place where it burned through."
After seeing all of the hulk they de
sired the patrol boat started up the
river. Captain Edward Van Wart,
chief pilot of the Slocum, took the helm
and pointed out to the Jurors the exact
course taken by the Slocum. Captain
Van Wart believes that Captain Van
Schaick, in running his vessel to North
Brother Island, did the best that could
be done under the circumstances.
Commander Winslow of the navy,
who, with General "Wilson of the army,
was appointed to make Federal in
quiry into the disaster, was on board
the Slocum when the 'Coroner and his
party arrived. %
Former Fire Marshal Thomas F.
Freel said that he, had examined the
hold of the vessel on the day it was
raised. He found that the fire started
in one of the barrels.
"How can you tell?" he was asked.
NEW YORK, June 27.— The Coroner's
Jury investigating the General Slocum
disaster was taken to the hulk of the
burned steamboat at Erie basin to-day
and after an Inspection of the wreck
and the examination of several wit
nesses, proceeded in a police patrol
boat over the route followed by the
Slocum on the dav of the ill-fated ex
cursion.
ST. LOUIS, June 27. — Edmund
Bersch, former member of the House
of Deicgrates, pleaded guilty to-day be
fore Judge McDonald in the criminal
division of the Circuit Court to the
charge of bribery in having accepted
S2500 of the $47,500 boodle fund for his
vote en the city lighting bill. Sentence
will be pronounced on Friday.
Immediately after Bersch pleaded
fuilty his bondsman, Ed Butler, was
called into court, and the amount of
the old bond of $35,000 increased to
$55,000, pending sentence.
Charles F. Kelly and Charles J.
Gutke came before the court later to
day and their case was continued until
July U. on the understanding that
they will plead guilty then unless they
ere called before the Grand Jury as
£tate witnesses in the meantime.
It is reliably stated that Kelly is
willing to* tell who put up the money
Enabled him to make a Journey
to Europe and thus stay out of the
Sfr&"y long enough to enable persons
higher up to escape indictment because
Ct the statute of limitations.
Bersch is already under sentence to
ten years' imprisonment in the peni
tentiary, five for perjury and five for
bribery; In connection with the sub
nrban franchise boodle fund. Kelly
ml&o is under sentence of two years
and Gutke for five years, the former
for perjury and the latter for bribery.
CHICAGO, June 27.— An employment
bureau was opened to-day by the Chi
cago Employers' Association for the
beneflt of merchants, manufacturers
and commercial interests generally
that are organized. The association
hopes to be able to keep the records
of wage earners, specify who are union
and non-union men and how they came
to bo unemployed— whether by strike,
lockout, sickness or j incompetency.
Neither the workers patronizing the
agency nor the employers jj securing
help through it are to be charged for
its services, the plan being to have the
cost of operation defrayed by the Em
ployers* Association treasury.
The bureau was opened with Secre
tary Frederick Job in charge. Accord
ing to Job, the object of the burejui
is to beneflt workingmen, union and
non-union alike, ' and to save its
union patrons the necessity of paying
dues into their unions. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Organization Hopes to Be
Able to Benefit Workiiig
man as Well as Capitalist
Says Van Schaick Did the
Best Thing Possible in
Running to North Brother
PILOT DEFENDS CAPTAIN
FACES A LOXG TERM
Already Under Sentence to
'JVn Years' Imprisonment
on Previous Conviction
KECOKDS WILL BE KEPT
Coroners Jury Pays Visit
to Burned Wreck of
the Excursion Steamboat
Association of Employers
Establishes Agency for
Benefit of Master and Man
Edmund Bersch of St. Louis
House of Delegates Ad
mits Acceptance of Bribe
BOSSES OPEN
LABOR BUREAU
BOODLER ENTERS
PLEA OF GUILTY
INSPECTS HULK
OF THE SLOCUM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE -28, 1904.
Three-burner range with oven, $8.50,
connected ready for use, Tuesday, Wed
nesday arid Thursday, at S. F. Gas and
Electric Co., 415 PoBt street *
FORT WORTH, Texas. June 27. — W. H.
Firth, the general passenger agent o f the Rock
Island Railroad In Texas, was ¦ found dead In
his office to-day. He was apparently In good
health when he reached his office this morning.
OAKLAND, June 27.— The police
were notified this afternoon that burg
lars had entered the residence of
Judge Bowers at Irvington this morn
ing, ransacked the house and carried
off considerable- jewelry. A jewel
case, four jeweled rings, bracelets, a
gold chain and $7 were . stolen. . The
family. was temporarily absent.
Burglars at Irvington.
OAKLAND, June 27.— Mrs.. Mary
Mooney, -mother of Lady Sholto
Douglas, is in; the insane ward of the
Receiving Hospital here and is to be
sent back to Napa Asylum, from
which place she was liberated recent
ly on parole. She immediately gave
free rein to her appetite for liquor
and was arrested last' night for being
drunk, and this morning was 'sent to
the hospital. . ' •
7
y; PRAGERS ; I '^^r^ PRAGERS V^ PRAGERS 1 PRAGERS
1 * ¦ ¦. 1 .... ¦. 11 ¦¦ f ¦¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦«¦ ¦ ' t ¦» ' .
• v a *%f Ma a
1 fii^ i&' to 1 our ihl©i^@ot^
i00^mm^$wM$Be saved on every purchase made of these items
Superb Line of Newest Summer Money Will Be Saved on Every
Wash Goods Purchase Made of These Items
THE values we offer here are unprecedented. Every piece T^ HE response by shrewd shoppers to the bargains offered
of goods we have included for this great special sale has { in thls department proves beyond doubt the money-saving
jus? been received from the East. The organdies were _ opportunities. Our buyer who just returned from the
unpacked Monday and are the newest ideas sent from the East. Ea. st > was given orders to buy the most popular materials now
silk ORGANDIES being shown in the E^ast. He was fortunate in the prices he had ,
* n a yard-A fine, sheer quality;, found 'in such shades as white, to pay and now you are reapingthe benefit These are the,
1 rC cream » Pongee, tan, brown, red, yellow, light blue, pink, Nile most seasonable and desirable materials we have.
¦ green, lavender, black. ' '• ... . WOOL CHALLIES.
LAWNS. *%E Some very charming creations- in wool challies have just ar-
/ a yard — Some very pretty colors in washable, lawns are found in /SP rived. They wash well and retain their brightness. For
OC sreen, navy, light blue or red dots. These lawns are sold every- fa*w^^» wa j s ts, wrappers and kimonas there is nothing better. .
where at '.ioc a yard. y CREPE DE PARIS. : ' '
-¦ ¦ : f . DOTTED ALPACA. . r~jr* 40-inch crepe de Paris. The most popular colors are to be
fj/V a yard— This comes in white 'with black dots and black with /jC * ound "* tl " s ot * Tk* s material makes up very prettily. This
JrjC\ : white dots. There-is nothing prettier for summer wear. This • fc^**» c i o th we place on sale to-day at a price which cannot be
\ ... is, the -regular. 60c quality. , equaled anywhere. It is the regular $1.00 material.
CHAMPAGNE VOILES. , FIGURED PONGEE.
|Qp, a yard— Champacne voiles. A hew shipment of the new wash- 2Q^» Figured pongee; all silk; heavy weight. Warranted to Trashy
* '^-able voiles, that 'are now the Eastern fad just received.' • OyC» The regular 75c quality.
®uv FIr6 works Now Exce P tionfl]| offering m our coat
¦¦'*¦"¦-¦¦¦ and Suit Department
Do Not Wait Until the Rush Begins \\7 E !* ave "f. duced AX e , ve 7 s arment * n our ™« r * sto .<* for *
N_ " . • & v %/ quick selling. We do not want any of it lying in our
OW.is the. time to buy your fireworks. , The assortments *? rooms Ionger than is absolutely necessary. These
are: complete, and there is eve,ry j- chance to make careful prices insure you an i mmen se saving. f
/purchases. :These few items will give you a hint as to the . SHIRT WAIST SUITS. '
*^ ._ This is our regular $5.00 wash shirt waist suit and Is
Assortments of fireworks' packed in wooden boxes ready for ship- J|^.*±l)« made in all the popular materials— etamine, crash and lin-
ment by freight or express. *§*¦* •***¦• ens> They come in all colors and all styles — some styles
Assortment: X —Box of 95 pieces.. ...$1.OO just received here from the East and the latest creations In dressmaking
Assortment. XX —Box of 177 Pieces $2.00 art. We have all sizes. ¦
Assortment XXX— Box of iso pieces $3.50 / m . WASH PETTICOATS.
. • For day and evening display. f p vVe are selling all of our regular $1.00 petticoats for less than
Exhibition. assorted boxes— 97 pieces. ........ $5.OO fljC one-half price. They are made of seersucker, chambray and
' ;. . .. I0 7 nieces . ... 7.5O *fc^^» Ot her popular materials.
¦- ; ,. 120 pieces.... 12.0O OUTING SKIRTS.
• Extra large display. assortment at $17.50 up to $25.00. All of our outing skirts have been reduced one-half. Every. style
Extra loud firecrackers. .2 pkgs. 5e ; 3 for 10c. and 5c each. and size made, in white pique, duck, linen and polka dot duck, covert
: guaranteed powder. No clay in these goods. and crash. - wrtwVw.e cttttc
Finest pistol crackers made. ., . " WOMEN S SUITS.
. ..3 pkgs for 25c;, lOc and I2j<£c a pack. Here are a few 'reductions on our Women's Tailored Suits.
Best grade of red- heads 29c; up to 75c a hundred. $7.45 — For regular $1975. suits. $9.95 — For regular $22.50 suits.
Women- s Night; %T% j Women's Skirt.
Dresses i."S f^i^i^l^f? Chemise
/$$& i€ C Ve .' are rnakinp a great /|i|^P** *P /^^ F* These chemises are made
till |j B *\ special sale of some very \Js|j • - **fa Jr *' &^%J) f| °^ unusuaI 'v eood muslin
" Hk 1 1 ¦¦ w beautiful night dresses. g|^ ' ALWAYS REL1AJBLE || fff i and have embroidered
fifs B ' They arc made of cambric, jgi n TVyf a r»ir l? T CT ', r B fl 1 I || yoke, ed^ed all the. wav
I— — — — have deep front yoke with 12 38 * 12 5O MAKKL I OI.joni* w ¦ roU nd with narrow em-
. -. clusters of tucks and' collar ¦ broidery. The bottoms
and cuffs. Thiv are edged with narrow era- All the Shopping Inducements That Have are finished with 6-inch flounce. These sell
broidery edging They are well worth $1.75. Made This StOfe Popular Are Still Here. rc S aIarl V i( >r 75c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iff^f y" TASTE *«|||
yU I / The abftencc of a dkagreeable ***^'|f
11^ foreign, or "aftertaste," prov- Hf
1 [Va * n^* scru Pplous cleanliness during tk
1 ' ¦ I Tht great majority of beers possess a mouldy BE
* k I or musty flavor, which leaves a most disagree- II
/Milk If « ble twang in the mouth of the drinker. If
m/Ila&il This is due *° l * x 7 to lack °f cleanliness, many X
y/lmyirjrf brewers being indifferent to this virtue. In |1
y/fifiLf J brewing the famous 1 1
|j||r^ A. B. C. Beers \\
Ln|fe3> ("The only beer bottled exclusively at the Brewery) JJ
y$&C~ 3J£ the most scrnpnlous cleanliness is exercised over all ll
XEp \£J vessels, pipes or any object with which the beer 1 1
ill comes in contact, and every precaution that will cpn- if
W ducc to sanitary purity is employed. li
V The American Brewing Co., St. Louis. U. S. A. II
V HILBERT MERCANTILE CO., 11
/t Wholesale Dealers. V> i ¦ ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, .TUESDAY, JUNE :28, 1004.
8
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press CHpplnj; Bureau (Allen's). 220 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 10 U. •
To-wnsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market «t.*
THE news comes from Princeton University that -a
radical change has been introduced in the study
requirements of that institution which makes for
wider freedom in the choice of a. curriculum and a
greater opportunity for more thorough digestion of the
courses selected. By changing the requirements for
admission into the several colleges of arts, science and
letters. Princeton even . heightens. !the reputation she
Official inquiry* into the horror of the destruction of
the .excursion steamer' General Slocum has revealed a
terrible; condition of affairs to the American people.
Reckless and criminal disregard for the ordinary pre
cautions brought the boat to disaster and hundreds of
human beings to their death. Surely it is high time
that these post-mortem 'investigations give way to
measures that will protect the living while avenging the
death of men and women murdered by carelessness or
worse. ' . ,. \ ¦•-¦=i,-;
LIBERALISM IN UNIVERSITIES.
BLACKHEADS — F. Y. C. Alameda.
Cal. "Blackheads," or acne, la a dis
ease of the sebaceous . glands. Tbe
mouth of these glands become stopped
up, so that the material that is secreted
in the little sac cannot escape. The
popular belief Is that this is a worm
In the flesh, but it is not. The treat
ment of acne is one that is often puz
zling to physicians until they can dis
cover the cause that produces the ef
fect. The compression of the unsight
ly blackhead with the fingers Is a com
mon method of removing the same,
but pressing too many of them out at
one time produces redness and Irrita
tion which often times Is more annoy
ing than the blackheads. The best ac
tion to take in a case of blackheads is
to consult a reputable physician and
then follow hl9 advice.
Avoir.lnpr.i* weight (long - ten): 27 11-52
grains equal 1 dram, lfi drama equal 1 ounce.
10 ounces equal 1 pound. 112 pounds e(]ual 1
cwt.. 20 cwt. equal 1 ton.
Troy weight: 21 grains equal 1 pennyweight.
20 pennyweights equal 1 educe, 12 ounces equal
1 pcund. V- Vcy
WEIGHTS— W. F.. Knights Landins.
Cal. The following explains the differ
ence In weights: ¦ i_'~
¦ Apothecaries" ¦weight: 2t> gratns equals* t
scruple. 3 scruples equal I dram, S drams equal
1 ounce. 12 ounce* equal 1 pound.
Avoirdupois weijsht (short ton): 27 11-33
grains equal 1 dram; 16 drains eqaal 1 ounce.
lfi ounces equai 1 pound. > pounds equal I
quarter. 4 quarters equal 1 cwt.. 20 cwt. equal
1 ton.
GAMES— A. B.. Ross Valley. Cal.
Your, question In relation to games is
a simple one In percentage. This de
partment has a number of times an
nounced that it does not answer ques
tions in arithmetic, nor strive prob
lems.
A VARA— W. F.. Knischts Laarfin?:.
Cal. A vara, an old-time land measure
in California, still used in Mexico. New-
Mexico and Arizona, is S3H inches:
1900.8 varas make a mile, f
PRINCE OF NOVELISTS— S.. C1t>.
Henry Fielding was called the "Prime
of Novelists" from his skill in depicting
characters in fiction.
'Ans'i'crs to Queries.
Far out in^ the sea about midway
between Cape Horn and the Cape of
Good Hope there is a little island
called Tristan da Cunha. Almost en
tirely separated from ' the external
world, the annual visit of an English
warship, which conveys the news from
the rest of civilization, is the greatest
event during the year in the life of
the inhabitants. The Tristaneans, who
number some seventy-five souls, are
descendants of an English non-com
missioned officer, Glass by name, ivho,
when the island was depopulated of
its native dwellers some eighty years
ago, received permission to remain.
Lately an English officer was ordered
by his Government to make a propo
sition to the Tristaneans to emigrate
tp the Capeland, where they v/ould re
ceive a much larger area of land. The
official has now received their answer.
In which they state that while they
are deeply grateful to the Government
for Its kindly interest in their well be
ing, they feel obliged to decline the
offer, as they prefer to spend and end
their days in Tristan da Cunha. They
fear that a change of environment
would mean a change in their mode of
living, which amounts to declaring
that life on Tristan da Cunha is. in
their estimation, about as pleasant as
earth has to offer. And. they respect
fully decline to part with it until the
kind Providence which put them there
calls them away again. And persons
who acquaint themselves with the de
lights of life which they enjoy do but
admire their decision.
In the first place, the people them
selves are all honest, sober and peace
ful, with a very slight tendency to In
dolence. Vice and crime of all kinds
are entirely unknown. Money, the
root of all evil, does not exist, for they
have nothing to buy. There are. in
consequence, no bills to pay. News
papers are also unknown, for nothing
ever happens that is unfit to be writ
ten about. Similarly churches and
schools, shops and stores, courts and
lawyers, whisty and blue laws have
no existence. The Tristaneans ac
cordingly enjoy all the advantages of
civilization without its lncumbrances
and are at liberty ta live and die as
they see fit. In their view of life they
are. therefore, philosophical anarch
ists of an ideal type, though In their
A Pacific Elysium.
For her cats, when in health, the
Queen has prescribed a diet of fish
nnd milk, and as she Is quite unwilling
to trust the discrimination of the ordi
nary London milkman as to the qual
ity of the latter the royal cats are fed
on milk which comes fresh from Sand
ringham every morning, while a fish
dealer of repute is intrusted with the
supply of the fish known to be the
best for feline consumption. When
her Majesty first itookr to cats.s.he
knetv nothing .whatever about their
tastes or habits. She was also ignorant
of the points of the different breeds,
but Louis Wain, whom she had pre
sented to her for the purpose, was
able to convey so much information
that now the Queen can discuss cats
with the greatest expert in Europe.
Now that the Queen has gone in for
cats, society, ever eager to 'follow a
royal lead, is sure to take up the fad
and puss will be in clover for some
time to come. In fashionable circles
there are, however, already. many cat
devotees.' Most conspicuous among
thern is Lady" Marcus Boresford, foun
der of the Cat Club. She possesses
what Is said to be the finest "cattery"
in the world, in which something like
150 cats of the ; choicest breeds, from
the tailless Manxman to the bushy
tailed chinchilla, live in a veritable
feline paradise. "Many of them reside
in a picturesque, creeper-clad building,
known in the neighborhood as "Cat
Cottage." Here no expense has been
spared in adapting the rooms to their
requirements, and the most elaborate
provisions are made for warmth and
ventilation. One room is set apart for
a woman, who is held responsible for
the conduct of the establishment. A
small kitchen is provided for prepar
ing the meals of the cats. On the
walls are racks to hold the white
enameled bowls and plates in which
their food is served. Variety is con
sidered an essential part of their
dietary. One day their, principal meal
consists , of appetizing , bowls' of fish
and rice. On another their fastidious
palates are regaled with mincemeat
of the choicest quality, .in hot weather
a good deal . of vegetable matter is
mixed with their food. For liquid re
freshment they, have an abundance of
Swiss milk. Some goats, too, are kept
on the premises to furnish milk for
young and delicate kittens. A medi
cine chest is at hand, which contains
everything that is needed for prompt
and efficacious treatment in case any
cat becomes sick.
MARSHALL LORD.
reported in danger she goes personally
to see it.
The "royal cats" have practically the
free run of Buckingham Palace, Wind
sor Castle and - Sandringham House,
end any of the Queen's friends who
yearn for feline companionship have
only to confess es much to Queen Alex
a:.dra to have their want supplied.
The Que?n har six particular favor
ites amors hor cat family, but a val
uable Persian enjoys her special affec
tion. This is "Sandy" — who is so named
because he first saw the light at Sand
1 ingham. For several months her
Majesty, has never traveled without
him and he !s as fondly attached to
his royal mistress as the celebrated
Irish terrier "Jack" was to the King
in hip most affectionate moments.
' Sandy" is privileged to disport him
self in the dining apartments, though
his less fortunate brothers and sisters
have to confine their activities to the
other rooms in the roya: dwellings.
Edward VII hates cats and ir he had
his way "Sandy" would not long have
the privilege — supposedly reserved for
his kind— of "looking at a King," but
the liberties that her royal husband de
manded for his "Jack" the Queen now
demands for her pet. If Jhe King has
no love for "Sandy,", however, the feel
ing seems to be fully reciprocated, for
tbe Queen's favorite will not come to
his. Majesty's side of the table at any
price* and generally makes himself
scarce when his Majesty is about.
"Sandy," as well as "Monarch", and
"Ossy," tbe two cats— also Persian—
which come next to the favorite In
their mistress* affection, sat for their
photographs at Buckingham Palace re-
came as rather a surprise when on her
arrival In Ireland a while ago the
Queen was found to be accompanied
by a pet cat. Heretofore a dog of one
breed or another almost invariably has
be<?n numbered among the Queen's
traveling: companions, and it was
known gren"erally that her Majesty,
\*tsides Being fond of bow-wows, bred
them extensively and was the owner of
'about the most luxurious kennels in
England — but she never has been sus
pected of any special liking for cats.
-.1 learn, however, that the animals have
almost entirely supplanted dogs as re
cipients of the Queen's attention. Her
ktnnels were the royal lady's delight,
*but when she discovered that all sorts
.0! folk were copying her in thl3 direc
tion she decided to stop breeding tlogs
and go in for cats instead. True to her
customary policy of thoroughness the
Queen now has a small army of the
brst breeds, and if any of the royal
residences contain a mouse the creature
must be a. veritable Dcwet of its kind.
TWO FAVORED PUSSIES. MEMBERS OF QIEE.V ALFXAXDRA'S SUMPTVOUS
••CATTEIty." WHO WITH THKIR PAMPERED FELLOWS. ENJOY THAT
TIME HONORED PRIVILEGE OF NURSERY RHYME: "TO LOOK AT A
KING."
I see thy stream of mercy onward roll.
And hear the chanting of its threnody.
So Adam and his mate, with shaded eyes.
Turned one last, yearning look on para
dise. — George N. Lowe.
I hear the far-off thunder of thy falls
Proclaiming to the world that thou art
queen.
"What Titans fought where now lie
meadows green?
What gods waged warfare in thy gran
ite halls?
Who were tlie victors? — who became
the thralls?
What awful sum of ages hast thou seen?
O. let me gaze again — Yosemite! —
A yearning and a sadness fills my
soul —
I pause upon the rim of thy demesne. *
For one last look upon thy mighty
walls —
On Leaving Yosemite.
• In his review of the progress achieved by the va
rious organizations composing the union the president
said the growth of the movement as a whole amounted
"almost to a social miracle." Even the most adverse
conditions of industry and of politics have never checked
the steady progress of the societies. . Statistics were
given showing that the business of the last fiscal year,
for which full returns were in, reached a total of
89,216,223 pounds sterling. It was added that the so
cieties are to-day transacting a far larger yearly turn
over than the - whole export trade of Great Britain
amounted to when the movement commenced. They
had now 2,116,127 members registered in 1701 societies,
and probably each* member represented in most cases
a family.
A notable feature of the work of the societies is the
amount of money devoted annually to education and to
charity. It appears that the founders of the original
associations aimed at mutual helpfulness in every direc
tion, and from the first adopted rules devoting 2J4 per
cent of all profits to educational and charitable uses.
These rules have been maintained unbroken, and as a
consequence .the union devoted last year 78,499 pounds
sterling to education~and 45,649 pounds sterling to
charity. At the present time there are about 800 cen
ters where co-operative educational funds are 'being
administered by committees numbering altogether % about
10,000 persons.
Concerning the programme of future work the presi
dent said: "With all that had been done the co
operators were only at the beginning of their, work.
They had *to house their members in places of
the name of home; to carry co-operation to the reach of
the very poorest; . to adapt it to the needs of depressed
agriculture; to bring the rural laborer back to. hope; to
conquer the heart of London, where only one in 250
people were co-operators; to introduce art into their
work; to wipe out all stain of corruption of their em
ploycs-by their tempters; to reverse the policy which
shut out capital from flowing into their movement with
full measure; to "get labor back to the land, and to
give their people city gardens and garden cities. The
admirable work of their women's guilds had to be fur
ther'developed, and the links which bound them to'co
operatprs in other lands had to, be strengthened."
i That is I certainly an ambitious platform, but the
great successes of the past justify the hopes of those
who expect greater things in the future. Certainly there
is nothing impracticable in the plans outlined, and al
most the whole programme may be carried out in a
comparatively few years by the force which seems to
be inherent in earnest co-operative endeavor.
FOR a long time past co-operative societies in Great
Britain have commanded the attention of econo
mists and of sociologists by reason of the rapidity
of their growth, the increasing magnitude of business
done and the almost uniform success attained by them
year after year. The most sanguine hopes of the found
ers of the first associations of the kind have been more
than fulfilled, and reports submitted at the recent annual
congress of the Co-operative Union show that the
movement has by no means reached its limit, but is stfll
going forward with the same extraordinary vigor that
marked its early stages.
of the bird being an American eagle
it was a very large specimen of the
common barn owJ. The committee
was exceedingly wroth and indignant
ly returned the "phony." eagle to Cap
tain Martin. Martin still has the bird
in charge of a keeper. It has become
much attached to him and is now very
tame and docile and will Jump rope,
roll the hoop, play dead and even eat
out of the captain'8 hand, but it won't
turn into an easle.
WHERE CO-OPERATION WINS.
LEFFINGWELL. BROUGHT HIS
PRIZK AND PRESENTED IT TO
£APTAIX MARTIN.
After, fourteen years of incalculable service to Cali
fornia as quarantine officer against insect pests Alex
ander Craw has decided to leave us to accept an equally
congenial pursuit of his high profession in Hawaii at
twice the salary this State seems able to afford. It is
faintly within the realm of probability ¦ that some .day
our lawmakers will pay public servants what they are
worth. When this is done the saving in useless expendi
ture will release vast sums for labor that are vital to the
prosperity of "the State.
Strolling through the Fifth avenu
wing of the Metropolitan Museum, in
Central Park, one comes upon a small
inner gallery where a chariot of bronz»
occupies a gTeat glass box all to itself.
This is a grand prize in the lottery of
the excavator, Just such a prize as the
Louvre or the British Museum would
like to draw, since neither In their mar
\-eIous collections, nor at Berlin, nor in
the many museums of Italy, is its equal
to be found. Twenty-five, perhaps thir
ty, centuries has this specimen of a
long-forgotten fashion in war lain be
neath the soil of Umbria. the wooden
parts under the bronze rotting slowly
away, the weight of the earth above
gradually crushing in the shell, and
only the protective layer of oxidation
on the surface of the bronze prevent
ing a total disintegration of car body,
wheels and pole. Near it lie two curv
ing sheets of metal, all that remains
of the wooden yoke with bronze cov
ering platea. and in a dish a shimmer
ing mass of ivory flakes hint3 of a rail
that graced the curving front.
In such a car, so small, yet so lavish
ly embellished Avith hammered and
deftly fitted bronze reliefs, may Lara
Porsena of Clusium have celebrated
many a triumph which the narrow
pride of Roman historians has sup
pressed. "With the exception of a frag
mentary bronze car at Perugia, this is
the only example known of the war
chariots of the mysterious people who
civilized and gave kings to Rome.
The relic was found last year in a
forgotten burial ground near the mod
ern Norcia (ancient Nursia), crumpled
up, broken and disfigured. The wheels
were best preserved by their sheathing
of bronze, but elsewhere the wooden
floor and sides had disintegrated, and
the fronts and side wings of thin
bronze, the wheel tires and pole had
become caked with earthly deposits.
The owner of the land i3 said to have
informed the proper authorities and ob
tained the necessary permit for ex
port. That may be. Certain It is that
when the news reached Italy of a
bronze chariot from Italian soil which
was offered in Paris, sent to New York
and bought by the Metropolitan Mu
seum, the failure to secure It for a
national museum was mooted in Par
liament and the Inspector responsible
for its export was dismissed. — The
Ci-ntury.
Primitive War Machine.
HEADQl'ARTKUS OF THE CALL..
S HENRIETTA STREET. COVEXT
GARDEN, LONDON, June 13.— To all
but the favored few who are on inti
rr.att» terms with Quoen Alexandra it
Special Correj«pon<3enc?
The Royal Cats.
metaphysics they are worse than th-
Hegelians, since time and space do not
exist even in their imagination. And
yet, In spite of all, they are said to
be an intelligent people, and withal of
strong, muscular build, notwithstand
ing that they have always intermar
ried.
In short, the casual caller at thi^
island finds that the Tristaneans In
more senses than one stand as living
testimonies against the superior the
ories and practices of a wretched civ
ilization. The only things that dis
turb their equanimity and mar the
blissfulness of their earthly paradis
are the rats, with whom the poor peo
ple are engaged in continual warfare.
The lifelong friendship existing be
tween Captain of Detectives. Martin
and Election Commissioner Leffing
well has been sundered. It was all the
result of a deplorable mistake. V* nile
on an outing: at California City re
cently the Commissioner scaled a
peak at the imminent peril of his life
and captured what he believed to be
a magnificent specimen of the Ameri
can eagle. The local scientists who
patrol the beach at California City un
hesitatingly pronounced it the finest
specimen of the American liberty bird
they had ever seen.
Lefflngwell brought his prize in tri
umph to the city and in a neat speech
presented it to Captain Martin. After
mature consideration Martin decided
to donate his newly acquired pet to
the aerie of Eagles to which he be
longs and a committee was appointed
to receive the national bird. "Jack"
Mitchell and Wharfinger Ed. Buckley
were appointed to serve on the com
mittee, but after viewing the feath
ered biped their suspicions were
aroused. They consulted with a bird
expert and were advised that instead
Bird of Freedom.
cently— thanks to which fact it is pos
sible for the first, time to reproduce
their likenesses. They also have sat at
Windsor and Sandringham to Louis
Wain, the great cat artist, who declares
them to be about the best and m6st
patient sitters he ever has had.
According to the lowest estimate the
royal cats now number fifty. ?Her
special pets are always . in residence
where the Queen Is for the time being.
They have a groom all to themselves;
they have a bath every morning and
their toilet is carefully attended to
twice a day. On the slightest sign of
illness the royal "vet" is summoned,
who makes a careful diagnosis and the
result i3 Immediately communicated to
her Majesty. There is a specially pre
pared room called "the cat hospital"
in the stables attached to Buckingham
Palace and here pussy reclines — when
indisposed— In a bed sufficiently luxuri
ous for the baby of a Marquis. Its
temperature is taken and the stethe
scope applied as regularly as if the
fate of an empire were depending oh
the cat's existence. Her Majesty makes
cc-nstant inquiries as to the progress
of the illness and if one of her pets is
JN every town in the agricultural States of the East
there are cash buyers of wheat, corn, oats and the
staple field crops and of live stock. The seller is
made aware of the state of the market every day. Me
knows the freight on his product, and therefore has the
means of knowing whether the buyer's offer is right or
not. Under such circumstances the farmers who wish
to sell for cash at that day's offer dispose of their prop
erty. If any wish to. hold for a higher price they hold.
In such case they become speculators in. their product,
and may win or lose, like all speculators.
The' California fruit growers need such a system of
marketing. They cannot become speculators by holding,
for the product is too perishable. But they need a daily
cash market in which they will meet the buyers and
from which they will take the cash home for that day's
transaction. Under the present commission system the
producer takes undue risk. He must in the nature of
things take the risk of wind and weather. He must fight
the insects and fungi which attack his crop, and in ad
dition he must take all the risk of shipment. .-'
As a shipper his risk is the greatest. The commission
man takes jione of it. The producer must pay the
freight, the commission, and lake what he can get, for
the buyer is 2000 miles away and does as he pleases
with the producer's property when it gets within his
reach." It :s obvious that if the producer get, throughout
the fruit harvest, the lowest average price that pays
him a profit at all, he is better off at the end of the sea
son than if he take all the risk and s pay.all the freight
and commissions and stand all the loss, as he is com
pelled to under the present system.
As citrus fruit was the first and is the oldest of our
orchard industries it is proper that it should lead in this
conspicuous reform in the method of marketing our
fruit. The effort to merge the whole citrus industry in
the control of one organization has resulted in forming
the citrus union, which includes the product of the
whole State. We are unable to say, from the facts now
made public, whether this organization has been success
ful in including all of the producers. But there is.evi
dence that it includes a majority of them, and if its wise
ly laid plans are as wisely carried out it will surely de
serve the allegiance of every grower, an'd will no doubt
get it.
Its prospectus has been issued and we repeat this
part of it, 1 which expresses the whole policy by which it
intends to be governed: ''It will be the policy of the
California Citrus Union to advocate and secure as many
cash buyers to buy their fruit in California as possible.
In order to do this we shall use every effort to adver
tise to the Eastern dealers that they can buy the fruit
at a fair price by paying cash in California. It will also
be our policy to sell free on board. California, usual
terms, which means with privilege of inspection by the
buyer at the other end. This was the method operated
by the successful shippers during the most prosperous
periods, and proved to be the most successful method.
It was, in fact, the method which gave and always will
give support to all markets, : regardless of the plan of
selling.
"The California Citrus Union will establish in every
Eastern market a personal representative of experience
to look after the interests of our growers. These
agents will be constantly soliciting the buyers to pur
chase the fruit free on board, California, for cash, or
free on board, California, usual terms. They will be
able to make inspection and report upon the arrival of
all cars, thereby doing away with the probability of the
buyer making unjust rejections."
That seems to us to efficiently safeguard the interests
of the producer. The California citrus crop has estab
lished its market in the East. The consumers there re
quire it and must seek it of the Eastern dealers. These
naturally try to get possession of it at the lowest possi
ble rate, and they do this often by means that are very
unfavorable to the interests of the producer. When the
whole crops is kept in hand by the agencies of the pro-,
ducer untif the f buyer presents ihmself, the margin
heretofore left for the tricks of the trade disappears,
and a market is made solely on the merits of trie
product.
When the buyer finds that he must face the agent of
the producer, and that tricks of inspection are no longer
possible, and that the price he must pay includes the
cost of the system by which the producer safeguards
his interests, there appears at, once an inducement." for
the buyer to economize by meeting the producer face
to face in California, and paying) him cash in hand for
his property. When that system appears the California
citrus grower will be in the same position enjoyed by
the Eastern farmer.
When this system is installed in the citrus industry,
it will necessarily follow : in the case of our deciduous
fruits. When the season opens the buyers will meet
the producers and the fruit planter will get his cash for
each dayVi shipment and there his risk ceases. The
buyer is the middleman between the producer and the
consumer. At present the middleman takes no risk.
The producer takes it all. This docs not. mean only the
natural risk of transportation, but the risk of chicane and
dishonesty in the distant inspection and the method of
selling. In his^shipment there may naturally be a bad
box that has "whiskered" in transit. It is known to be
a fact that all the rest, of a lot entirely sound and ex
cellent is rated with the one bad box. and the middle
man, who by a third party as agent is perhaps the
actual buyer, gets the wjiole lot practically for nothing,
because inspection stopped at the one damaged box,
and the producer pays him his sevea per cent commis
sion and the freight. . • .• • , .. ¦
The beginning of reform will be" the ; formation of a
deciduous fruit union on the lines of the citrus union,
with an inspector at each Eastern » terminal, who will
make this' inspection fraud impossibje. As soon as the
middlcmeij are thereby compelled to, adopt legitimate
methods it will be to their interest to buy and pay cash
in California, and then his undue risks will be lifted off.
the producer. The whole fruit interest -will hope for
the success of the citrus union.
CASH FOR FRUIT.
now -holds for being a college for, study on liberal lines;
the reduction of the number of units required for the
term's work strengthens the stand she has made for a
full four-year course.
The alterations that" Princeton has made in entrance
requirements and in the grouping of studies given in
her various coheres has significance to the educational
world, for it show^ that' the very liberal spirit born in
the Western colleges and State universities has begun
to take root ir>-ine older and more conservative institu
tions of eststflis-hed prestige. The break from the iron
clad rule' 01 classicism in college education came not
from the oldest of bur universities, but was the inspira
tion of growing colleges in the Mjddle West and on our
own Pacific Coast. When first it began to be recog
nized that a university had a place for the study of
bridge construction as well as the scansion of the bu
colics'of Virgil the revolt against the rigid adherence
to the standards of the English universities was vig
orously fought out all along* the line until now the new
idea has triumphed almost completely and the erst
while adherents to the old are themselves setting the
pace for progress.
It is a fortunate thing that Princeton has emphasized
its position in the matter of the four-year course and
has not been led into the extremely radical position
taken by Chicago University. A three-year course —
or rather the option of a three-year course such as ob
tains at the institution by the lake — is, in the minds of
most educators, putting a college course on too busi
ness-like a footing. That a young man. by denying
himself vacations and exerting himself to his utmost,
should be able to race through a college curriculum is
surely. too hard: and materialistic a thing to be termed
an academic training. That smacks too much of the
rapid correspondence school method of- education.
Freedom in the selection of studies and great latitude
in the choice of a general trend of academic endeavor
probably has no better illustration of its practicability
and sound principle than in our own two universities,
California and Stanford. In the latter especially 7 does
the latitude allowed "in these matters reach the high
plane of liberalism. In both institutions the beneficial
influence of this enlightened order of things is making'
yearly stronger justification for its adoption.
THE SAN FRANGISGQ CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ...«..»... Address AH Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office..... ...7X7 ~ ....... .7... .Third and Market Streets^jJ^
TUESDAY , ....;.....: '...I:.:... .;........;•.-.-. • • • JUNE 28, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND THE TOPICS OF THE
TIMESJoseph Barry. 75 years of age. was
found dead in his bed yesterday morn
ing at 222 Montgomery avenue. He
died in filth and squalor. On his per
son were found two bank books show
ing deposits to his credit of 56783 in
the Hibemia Bank and S1232 in the
German Saving and Loan Society.
His death 1 was due to natural causes.
His relatives live in Oakland.
Dies in Squalor With Wealth.
Driven almost insane' by excruciat
ing headaches, Mrs. Sarah Conway, a
widow residing at 100 Jones street,
committee suicide last Sunday night
by strangling herself with a cord
which she took from the folding bed
on which she lay. The unfortunate
woman chose a novel method for self
destruction. She looped the middle of
the cord about her neck and tied the
ends to her -wrists. Then pushing her
arms apart she slowly choked herself
to death. The extraordinary will pow
er of the suicide was shown by this
method, for it was within her power
to release the' strain at any time be
tween the agony of suffocation and
unconsciousness.
Mrs. Conway had been keeping the
lodging-house in partnership with
Thomas Miller. She had never threat
ened to make away with herself, but
had suffered much pain for a long
time with violent headaches. She
was born in Xew York forty-two
;Xki-7£3, •- V: .... . \..
Sir?. Sarah Contray Slowly Cliokes
Hrrsclf to Death With Bed Cord
Tied to Her Wrist*.
NO\'EL. METHOD AIK3PTKD..
BY WO3IAX SUICIDE
Greatest Increase gf Pupils Where !
Hoti>e Building Has Been
Noticeable.
The completed school census lists
of this city, which were published ex- »
cluFively in The Call last Sunday. '
j were yesterday sent by Superintendent
j LaRgdon to the office of the State
I Board of Instruction. Sacramento. The
i increase of 5967 over the census of
j 1903. when the total number of school
I children was 91.386, is along the same :
line of increase, for this figure was j
: S935 more than that of the previous!
I year. The difference in sex of the \
I school children of this j-ear is 50.169 '
i boys to 47,18 4 girls. White children !
in 1933, SS606; this year. 93,555; ne- !
groes in 1903, 231; this year. 462; na- i
tive born Mongolians in 1903, 2549; |
this year. 3335; Indians, this year,. 1; I
totals, last year, 91.3S6; this year, 97,- [
353.
f The school fund of this city receives j
from the State $9 per child, or $876.- \
177, this year an increase of $53,703. j
Superintendent Langdon stated that !
in every case the child increase has •
been noticeable in localities where j
there has been the most building. This j
shows that newly erected dwelling j
houses have been quicl;ly occupied i
upon completion and that in a major- j
ity of cases by families coming from a i
distance. With 6000 more children to'
educate the School Department of this I
city finds the labor increased.
SCHOOL CENSUS LISTS
SENT TO . SACRAMENTO
BRISBANE, Queensland, June 27. —
The Ministry has resigned, owing to
the recent vote in the legislative as
sembly on an amendment to the ad
dress in reply to the speech of the
Governor of Queensland, -Major Gen
eral* Sir Herbert Chermside, when
thirty-six votes were cast for the Gov
ernment against thirty-five for the op
position.
Queensland 3Iini«try Resigns.
Three-burner range with over. 58.50.
connected ready for use. Tuesday. Wed
nesday ar.d Thurs.-lay. at S. F. Gas and
Electrlf Co.. 415 Pest street. •
Mrs. J. C. Tilden and Mrs. Adolph
Soher. daughters of the deceased, had
taken up their residence within a
couple of minutes of the hospital and
claim they had been promised that if
any serious change took place in th»ir
mother's condition they should be
warned at once. They declare that
they were even refused permission to
see their mother's remains at the hos
pital.
J. C. Tilden and Adolph Soher. sons
in-law of the late Mrs. Thorn, said last
night that they intend bringing the
whole matter before the board of di
rectors of the hospital.
Mrs. Ben K. Thorn, wife of ex-Sheriff
Thorn, died at the French Hospital
early this morninr. Members of her
family allege tha.t information of the
death was first given to J. S. Godeau.
the undertaker, n-ho is a director of
the hospital, and that they first
learned of it from one of his assist
ants, who nresented CrOdeau'fi card
and asked that the funeral arrange
ments be placed in that undertaker's
hands.
Family of Late Mrs. Thorn Allege
Collusion With an Undertaker,
Who Is a Director.
BRING CHARGES AGAINST
FRENCH HOSPITAL MANAGERS
e ;
Parks and Mc3Jahon Accused of Hold
ing I'P Loals Young on Mont
gomery Street-.,.
Thomas McMahon and P. A. Schultz
were arrested early yesterday morn
ing at 231 Second street en suspicion
i of being implicated in the robbery of
Louis Young on Montgomery street.
. near Washington, late Sunday night.
!a watch and $7 30 coin were taken
from Younar by three men. Young
' shouted for help and one of the sup
posed robbers was arrested near Kear
ny street. He gave the name of Hugh
Parks.
Parks and McMahon were identified
yesterday afternoon by Young and
; also by Fred Cornelius, saloon-keeper.
i 440 Pacific street, and J. W. Steven3,
I bartender. 643 Washington street,
i who saw the robbery committed and
joined in the chase after Parks. Parks
and McMahon were booked on the
S charge of robbery. Schultz 93 being I
detained pending further investiga- j
. tion.
! 3IEX IDENTIFIED AXD _I -'
CHARGED WITH ROBBERY
The Ur.ited Railroads fil«>d a state
ment yesterday chewing that its gross
roceipts from twenty of its "lines dur
irigr the year under the privileges
granted' by certain ordinances were
51.046.776 Zs. Two per cent of this
sum amounts to $l'0.935 53. which is
to be pa.id into the city treasury- The
receipts o* six other miaor lines were
X23.S01 02. 3 p»r cent of which, or
S714 03.' goes to the city under the or
dinances. The receipts cf the Va
lencia. Castro. Hayes. McAllister and
fraight street lines do not appear, as
r.o requirement for the payment of a
of their receipts to the
city v-as incorporated in the fran
chises.
I rtited Railroads Flics Statement of
Yearly IlMenue Eroni Some
of Us Lines.
RECEIPTS MORE THAN
• . . ONE MILLION DOLLARS
Xow the heirs allege that McDer
mott owned more property than ap
peared in the reports and that it was
fraudulently withheld by the widow.
They profess not to know its real value,
but say it was something more than
$70,000 and after all expenses were
paid there was enough remaining to
pay all of the bequests in full. Mi
chael McDermott says that- his share
in the distribution was $35 42 and
he demands ?l'00 and interest;
Thomas F. McDermott got 555 42 and
wants $1000; John McDermott got
$93 42 and wants $1000: John McDer
mott Sr. got S9S 42 and wants $1000;
Mary A. Pender got ?3r, 42 and wants
51000; Patrick McDermott got only
$65 73 and domand.s %7Q9; Lizzie
Moore got ?95 42 and risks for $1000;
Ar.r.!e Burke and Mary Cumming3
were each allotted ?4T7 14 *nd sue for
S-jOOO apiece. Sullivan & Sullivan are
attorneys for all of the litigants.
Vine Suits Filed in Superior Court Al
leging Property of the Estate
Was Hidden.
Xine suits were filed in the Superior
Court yesterday by as many heirs of
the estate of Hugh McDermott, who
died in San Mateo County on January
9, 1890. The action is brought against
James Maguire, as administrator of
the estate of Bridget McDermott, and
demands the payment of sums ranging
from $1000 to $5000 to each of the
plaintiffs on the ground that they did
not get all that was -coming to them
under the provisions of Hugh McDer
mott's wilL Bridget McDermott was
the administratrix of her husband's
will and it is alleged that before she
died she secured a settlement and dis
tribution of rhe estate. by false repre
sentations to the San Mateo Superior
Court. .
The heirs declare that she reported
to the court that McDermott's estate
consisted of ?6030 in realty and six
teen promissory notes, secured by.
mortgages worth $16,472 26. When
she obtained a decree of final settle
ment she was awarded three-fourths
of the estate and given $2500 in trust
for a legatee, leaving 51592 to be dis
tributed among the nine heirs, who
had been beruieathed sums ranging
from $700 to $5000.
HEIRS OF HUGH McDER3IOTT
DID NOT GET BEQUESTS
Mrs. Kleanor V. Le Blond and Charle3
A. Davie are the first and second
readers of the church, an^ the board
cf directors is composed of Miss Sue
Ella Pradahaw, Mrs. Minnie A. Stvin
erton. Fred T. Berry, FranJc W. Gale.
William T. Kilgrove. Thomas H. Lonl
and George F. Lyon.
Member? of the congregation have no
fear of ability to raise the amount
necessary, as the order has grown from
a rr.emhership of 5 in Ii95 to 700 at
the present time. At first meetings
were held in private houses, and as the
membership, increased halls were hired
to accommodate the weekly gather
inf-s. Steinway Hall is the present
place of meeting, and it was there the
plans for an edifice worthy of the sect
were ajrreed upon last Sunday.
In February. 1901, the lot at Scott
and Sacramento streets was purchased
and an order given John Galen How
ard, the architect, to prepare plans. The
plans submitted were in keeping with
the desires of the managers, but It waa
found that the lot was not large
enough to accommodate the building
contemplated. An additional 22:6 feet
on Sacramento street was purchased,
brirjrin? the total cost of the ground
up to ?23.30O.
Plans for the buildins to be erected
at the southwest corner of Scott and
Sacramento streets for the First
Church of Christ, Scientist, have been
approved and the construction will be
gin n.s -?oon as funds are accumulated
to warrant the laying: of the -corner
stone. The ultimate cost will be $170,0Cr>.
{FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST THE NEW HOME OF THE CHRISTIAN* SCIEX- f
TISTS OF SAN FRANCISCO. FROM PLANS PREPARED BY ARCHITECT JOHX
OALEN HOWARD. AS IT WILL LOOK WHEN COMPLETED. <
The Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell addressed
the Presbyterian Ministers' Association
yesterday on his recent trip to the
Holy Land and gave a most graphic
description of the wonderful scenes
and life of the country. The Rev. Mr.
Bevier presided.
A review of a journey East and the
condition of the Congregational church
in the Eastern part of the States com
posed an address by the Rev. Dr. C.
R. Brown before the Congregational
Ministers' Association yesterday morn
ing. Dr. Brown informed his audience
that there had come a change in the
attendance at the old churches of their
denomination in Xew England, which
he. attributed to" the strenuous life of
men who took the Sabbath for outdoor
recreation, and. also, because of the
circulation of secular ar\d senii-secular
Journal?.
The Christian Church Ministera* As
sociation met yesterday afternoon,
when the Rev. P. C. Macfarlane was
elected president of the association for
the next half year. The Rev. T. A.
Boyer was elected vice president and
W. F. Stafford treasurer and secretary.
Dr. Van Kirk announced that re
markable progress had been made in
the construction of the Christian
church building in Berkeley.
A Yogi, explained Dr. Scott, is one
who seeks to entirely obliterate all his
faculties and senses by acts of pen
ance, but both Christian Science and
Yogism, he said, are repugnant to the
higher instincts of mankind.
In reply to a question as to the con
nection between Christian Science and
the Vedant philosophy, as believed in
India, Dr. Scott replied that "there is
a very apparent similarity between
them, in that both teach the funda
mental doctrine that there is nothing
real in pain and that by. mental
abstraction and Yogi practices there
may be entire exemption from all hu
man ills.
DOCTOR IS QUESTIONED.
These priests have come to America. wh?re
very slliy women have been greatly Influenced
by them. a3 has been graphically depicted in
a booklet 'called '•The Little Green God."
S'.ar.i Vivekananda. who made a stir at the
Parlicment of Religions in Chicago, and in
many other cities of America, and waa feted
bv many ladles in high social circles, was
¦either Igr.orast of the true Inwardness of the
religion he so jealously tried to prcpasate in
America cr else he purposely sought to de
ceive these who attended his lectures.
Oth;r pundits, otherwise religious teachers,
have since, visited America arrayed in their
mognlficeut y*llow priestly robes and with
great fluency of speech have nought by their
teaching cf occult science to make disciples.
There !» danger in all this, and no one with
a knowledge of Oriental religloa3 would for a
moment listen to such visionary and Imprac
ticable rubbish.
Sensible people must know that a re!r?ioa
practically so corrupt as the Krishna cult U
not wcrthy of credence by any p-x>p!e, and that
ths so-called occult »elesce. cr thsosophy. has
no practical Influence whatever In raisins the
p«opl-?, !n the very land of Its origin, to a
htzh-rr plane of moral lif-f.
A CORRUPT RELIGION.
In view at these fact£. well known to any
one who has lived in Muttra, it seems sur
prising that any one «h<rc!d endeavor to spread
abroad as wurtfcy of b^tne accepted the doc
trine and teachings of the Krishna cult, as has
been done br Mrs.* Besant, Madame Blaratsky.
Swami Vlvekananda and others.
Many of the modern priests are looked upon
as the incarnation-s of Krishna and are wor
shiped with licentious rites and the people,
through toe teachings of thea« prtists. have
become corrupt In thought aad practice.
"Unveiled Hinduism" was the suh-
Ject of a spiritual address by the Rev.
Jefferson E. Scott before the members
of the Methodist Ministers* Association
yesterday morning at Epworth Hall.
Dr. Scott is the presiding elder of
the Ajmere district, India, and his de
sire yesterday was to show the cor- i
ruption of the Krishna cult. , He con- j
demned those of America who give It i
a serious thought. Dr. Scott said in*
part:
Hinduism Las deteriorated Into the worship
of many sods, and among these may be men
tioned Rarn and Krishna. The latter was. bom
in Miiitre. a city situated on the Jumna River
thirty ml«ra above Asm.
The modern form of Krishna worship^ Is the j
tnest corrupt form of Hinduism. Krishna. ¦
hlT.self. had more than 1«.C*» wives.
The prosecution of the case of Jacob
Eppinger, charged with fraudulently
obtaining money from the Inter
national Banking Corporation, spent al
' most the entire day yesterday in try
| ing to connect the transaction when
money was borrowed from the Inter-
I national with other alleged fraudulent
¦ dealings. Attorney Campbell had prom
ised Judge Lawlor that all the evi
dence would be in by last night that
' the defense might begin its case this
; me ruing. As, however, almost the en
tire day was occupied in the examina
tion of one witness. Judge Lawlor sug
gested that night sessions be held in
order that the case may be finished
; before the dawn of the millenium.
. MA.VY QUESTIONS ASKED.
The first witness called was Josua
Eppinger. who failed to answer to his
; name last week. Josua, the defense
claimed, knew all about the disappear
; ance of the books from the Pacific
Coast Warehouse Company at the time
; of the Eppinger failure and his testi
'. mony proved that the surmise was
| correct. The following line, of ques
! tioning shows the situation:
Do you Keow Junes Demies?
I do. ,
Did y>u receive from hJtn in Jun», 1903. the
! books o£ th* Pacific Coast Warehouse Ccin
; P«ay*-
I did not in June.
Did ycu in July?"
Ye*, at scrr.e time In July. I do not remesi
; ter th* exact dat*.
At whose cr-ler» were the bocks shipped?
Mine.
, At Khcse instruction ?
Henry Achs.
Wttrc were thty sent?
To the residence of my father, Heroian Ep
, p!r.r«r. - ,
Where are they enr?
I believe he stilt has them.
The defense f i not care i to cross- <
examine and the witness was excused. !
A. L. Black, cashier of the London •
: and San Francisco B&nk, next took j
the stand. He told of the various deal- j
ings Jacob Eppinger had had with the i
bank, both as to borrowing money on •
%vheat receipts and buying drafts, se- j
cured by bills of lading, warehouse re- :
! cefpt« and insurance policies. The ;
; bank had never to his knowledge re- !
i ceived any w heat or barley for the re- ]
i ceipts. He could not without referring
I to the books of the bank teil if money
| Sorrowed by Eppinger had been repaid,
j but kne*r that certain promissory notes i
had been renewed.
RECEIVED XO GRAIX.
On croFS-examination by Mr. Ach the ;
witness said he did not know that any •
demand had ever been made for grain i
cr for the payment on the- promissory \
notes. On redirect examination the '
witness recalled one occasion in which |
he took an active part in the negotia
tfoa of a loan with the defunct firm. \
j but never investigated as to whether :
the grain existed or not, taking the :
warehouse receipts as absolute evi- j
dence.
'Did Jacob Eppinger ever say why I
he wanted to exchange warehouse re- i
ceipts already placed with you for j
others?" asked Mr. Camnbell.
"Xo. '
"Kow much money did he owe the ,
bank with which rou are connected on ;
June 1, 1503. and by what wheat re- I
ceipts was it secured?"
CONNECTING LINKS.
This cuestion was objected to and in j
explanation Mr. Campbell said:
"We wish to show there was not one j
k»rne! of that wheat in the warehouse
at that time. We contend that they!
took advantage of this bank when they j
were gambling on the future. They j
owed the bank at that time $100,000 >
and their transactions with it were
part of a scheme to defraud."
L. D. Stephens, president of the Bank I
of Woodland, was examined next. He !
told cf bavins: made loans to the firm j
of Eppinger & Co. and identified sig- j
matures or. documents.
The case goes on at 9:30 this morn- !
ing.
Articles cf incorporation were Sled
nith the County Clerk yesterday by
the San Francisco Railway Company,
which states its purpose to run a street
railway from the foot of Market street
to Ocean Beach by th- .most direct,
I<ractica.b!e route, dependent, of course,
upon grar.ts cl franchises to be ob
tained from the Board of Supervisors.
The articles state that the proposed
. T:ne Tyiil be about ten* miles long and
ihat'tt will start from the nearest point
I'ossifcle u> the foot of Market street.
and .that # also, commencing at the foot
?•_ Buehanan. or some parallel street.
.w*II take a general southerly route
«".ver the streets, highways and lands
Lhrtfiigh which may be obtained.
1he capital Ftock is fixed at $1,500,000.
•.f Which $10,000 has been subscribed by
i"ne '. follow ing: directors: J. Walter
;^cott. Oakland. JS0«v W. A. Merralls.
¦ Alfred D. Bow*>n/*3T50; Lawrence
T. Wagner. 55«»; W. E. Dennison. San
.Mateo. J-ViO; Louis A. Steiger. $500; J.
H.- Goldmftn. $2750.
The principal promoter of the enter
prise .em bod ied in the articles of in
•..crporatien is, according to his asso
ciates, Alfred D. Bowen. who is now
'Xgaged ir constructing an electric
itilmay between Petaluma and Healds
?burg. J. H. Goldman, who Is one of
the two larger holders of stock under
; ihe incorporation, says that he rep
resents other parties. Mr. Goldman is
interested in proprietary medicines. W.
A. Merralls is the manager of the Mer
* rills Mill Company of this city. Walter
E. Dennison is the president and L. A-
Steiger is the manager of the Steiper
Terra Cottm and Pottery Wort:?. Law
' rence T. Wagner is an attorney and
appears in. that capacity for the new
« orporation.
•It was said by J. K. Goldman last
preninff that the new company has
'abundant capital back of it and that
a petition will be filed with the Board
of Supervisors of San Francisco for
tfce franchise to run through the
>treets. over a line that will be desig
nated, as- soon as the articles of in
«.'.orporation return from Sacramento.
Tracks Will Extend Across
Cfty From End of Buchan
an Street by Easy Route
Gives Warning • of Danger
of Doctrine and, Condemns
"Exponents Who Come Here
Prosecution Seeks to Show
That Defunct Grain Firm
Had Conspired to Defraud
OTHER DEALS INVOLVED
WORSHIP IS CORRUPT
TO ASK FOK FRANCHISE
Local People Associate and
Propose to Run Lines Over
Streets From Bav to Ocean
Noted Divine From India
Gives Brother Ministers
an Idea of Krishna Cult
Josua Eppinger Testifies as
to 3Iissing > Documents of
the Crockett Warehouse
Building Will Be Constructed at Corner of Scott
and Sacramento Streets, and Work on It Will
Begin as Soon as $170,000 Has Been Raised
NEW RAILROAD
INCORPORATED
SPIRITED TALK
BY DR. SCOTT
THINKS FATHER
HAS THE BOOKS
CHRISTIAN SCIENTISTS
TO ERECT LARGE CHURCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, '.TUESDAY,. JUNE 28, 1904.
9
POSTU3I CT.n.V Kr.
.'STiere mosey Is
Involved you
Prove Yonr
Figures
But about health—
Tou guess and say
" *TS*<wiaeo«e. cc£Tee don't hurt me," but —
Have
You
Proved
ft*?
"You can if it's a fact and you're not
afraid to look it squareiy in the face by
& ten days* shift to
]
s.n<l' leaving off core* entirely. The trial
- involves no hartlfhljj or expense, for
you will find wen-boiled Postum deli-
, clous, satisfying and having ths color;
, and z.pi>ea ranee of strong; black coffee,
• T.-Uh the flavor of the milder grades of ;
Java.
Ton will prove something: one way or i
.the other, but don't be surprised if you \
'•euddenly feel as if a great weight had ''
been lifted from you. fcr Postum. in j
!• r^Iace <if the drugs of coffee, will show I
you a taste *of th* Joy of health and j
vfjror, rraking you stronger and clearer
• in^ brain, muscle and nerves.
.. There's a Reason. !
Ot th« littt* bojk. 'The Read to Well-
• ?*iic»7 ia *¦*.-.& pits. '
A3ITJSEHZIITS.
GRAND °So^e
KATI52IS THT2U?AT 15D 3A* 4 ClD4T
OwiBff to the il'.aess of MRS. LESLIE CAR-
TER ther» -will b» m> p»rforrsance TIMI'tWj
bat sRe w«i most jjositively appear to-Bicnrrar
• Wednesday) ni»riit. Persons hoidicg ««a:i f-r
¦ to-night can exchange th*m for any at&er -r.-.z..:
I In the we»k, and t'au for to-morrow Mit.r.- -
I wfll hold BOM for Tturs<Iay afteraooe. ta *h: . a
I date -the Matine* is postponed.
BJ3. TO-a02SOir 5ISHT-L»st Ttwt Jigita .
MRS. LESLIE CARTER
Ia DAVID BELASCCTS Xew PU7
DU QARFcY
Prices— 5C 0O. tlXO JI.CO. 73c aad 50c
Bi0I>5I56 5IXX5O5DAT XATCfU
JAMES NEILU
I And tt- Or'trUial N»:II Cnmxmr.y in "BAR.
! BARA FRIETCHIE."* '
Sr««ial Summer Pri.-es — 13c. ZZc aad 50c.
No Eixlier.
ALCAZAR "ras"-
Ge=er?l i:^-j« r.
TO-XIGHT— MATS. THTR5. AND SAT.
; Evj.. 23c to 73c. Mat*. Thurs. & Sat.. 23c to 5Ca
Greeted by EotlmaUsQc Aaiiea?-.
V V MM S i JC STOCK COMPANT.
WHITTLESEY
In Augustas Thomas' Dramatisation of r.: riiri
Hani!n5 DaTia" Pcpclar Story.
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE
MAGNIFICENT PRODL'CTION.
GREAT AL«7-*ZAR CAST.
-II II V4 Ctmm«clB« wttt ttMctal
¦ tf «J »-• ¦ T- int:-T<Tidpnce Day M »;:-»«.
WHITE ¦WHITTLESST ia . . .
ONE SUMMER'S DAT.
fP^A if~* **'*"*- lA- f\ 9 • LxA S ¦*
Market Street. Near Ei*Mh Piece S-iuti 333
* TO-VIGHT— ALL THIS TVEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
First Tlsje Here of the Sirens II*art-Ia:.ercst
Drana.
POWER OFTHt: GROSS"
An Imtnifcse Succes-* in N-«r Tork!
Masntac«r!t Scenic Effects!
Criltiant Cast:
PPlfFv Evecinss 10c ta SGs
rJiltU Mattel 10e. I3c. 23c
Startin* July 4 MatlEee— WEDDED AND
PARTED.
VAEI2C-ATETJ Y&XTD'XVZImX.'Sl
VAT.Eierg Bisszsz Asn> ccit?ast;
Gallaffher and Barrett; Jc&a T. CUri;
HELEN BERTMM;:
Tester aai Tctttz; Ecnrc as 3 Scsttr*
Zarrov Trio; Oracey &3d Buracn. sac
Orphesa Uotica Pictures. &unrta?
Beview or tie S. P. TZSS SSPAJtT-.
3CE2TT. *
Regular nuti=ee Every iredrsealar. Tiara-^
day. Satarday and Sunday. Prices. ICc. Se
and CCc.
VaUra D0WT FAIL TO
j COURT Lounging r
fiflft room, the EMPIRE
ailu parlor, the
P j PALM ROOM, the
flT3HQ LOUIS XV PAR.
VllUJiu lor. sad the LA-
M^^^U DIES ' WRITING
Hotels roo^
J7ZT7 .ADVZBTISEICENT3.
D«afttfail7 feagrcat. CeoUas t» «*i». Stays ttcfelaz tastsatij.
The ORfCCMAL naBCdy tbmt "kEU the Dandroi J Qtrm." .
G^OING-!! GONE!!!
IBRS9E nfUTE IT. PSJnCiCE Mil UU IT. R3 UTS FS8 83flC!5£.
9H f?iMl\ O WlrKL -Rrst"l> Infection. U»*fl after weeks cr»catb$i*Rj-
It is the duty of seat wires to patch and ikm the raff appears, toDoved by HcS*nf scalp and fatting
family's wearing' i?r«.*sl. fcat wh«a the aatoral hair. Ncwbro's HerpicUa kills the cenn ani
covtr'.nz on tiu£by 's crown cars throsttu K cures every %!a»e of (his 41s«<ue txctft cfcroaic
•bows Out t&x "stitch b ttet" was neglected. baldness. Marvelous rcsalu follow Its ns«. Aa
Ersry wife s&acU b« "snip lasoector" 10 the exquisite t**lr dressing. _
. 3rij Star^ «im ton&, ;t!33S, ft E£3flCIK CO, hpl I!. Oetrft Kcl, fw r uspL |
' . ¦ - '¦ . »
TEETH OF CHILDREN T\|p Y? n/Pf\T% V
Fev mothers know how vitally important I M I ff\ JLA \J A \J il ¥
!s the care- of a child's Tatt teeth. The ~^ "f^r; T"
beauty of ths permanent set depends almcst OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
SOZODONT on Application.
TflftTH PnWDPD PEEM ATO SAM MAT!
lUUin rUnUbll 11^ RAYFS^CO 6h »PP in S Botchers. 103
x *&2» UU11.J tt. Wt Clay. TeL Mala 12M.
used with SOZODONT Liquid, prevents — —
accumulation oft*rtar, yet being free from . • OILS.
grit does not scratch the enamel. , Do not rubricating oil^ Leonard & euuis.
experiment on Ubj# s teeth. Insist ca 4 " rront "" & T " Phon * Mala ma -
SOZODONT. PXlBTTJro.
S FORMS: LIOUI^POWDEK.rASm F. C. BUGffES 81J 'ggg8££i.
_^ j^VEBTT«r?nw-irsrT<i. *
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BBMflHaHBHBflBBBMBraanBflHSBBBSBBU
818-820 Market St. San Francisco
Double Day I FREE. WjM^^B
s== Ta IHnrrnilf e=== ™ made in oar Stationery
= 10- IVIUri UVV _ Department to amount rnrf .
\ Wednesday | t^lZl;, Doable r""«
FIREWORKS! FIREWORKS!
THE GLORIOUS 4th.
LET YOUNG AMERICA CELEBRATE.
CUT PRICES ABD THE BEST QUALITY GOODS ONLY.
ASSORTED BOXES FOB CHILDREN. FIRECRACKERS.
43c for 33 pieces, $1.00 for 95 Gold Chop, 2 packs Zc.
pieces. Shoo Fly, 3 packs lOc
75c for 50 pieces, $2.OO for 175 Extra No. 1 Dynamiter, 3c.
pieces. Lady Crackers lOc.
93. .%O for 150 fine grade pieces. Pistol Crackers, 3 packs 25c.
?^es!° r 97 Ch ° ice SdeCted TORPEDOES.
RED HEADS. Japanse Torpedoes, 5 packs, .*»c.
Qtt,*ii „•*• to« «n«» Electric Torpedoes, per pkg. 5c.
§S«L P Ll^^Dc Giant Torpedoes, per pkg^c
SS^rfoi^Sc? 0 " Stc^ lad Torpedoes/pfg. lOo.
3-inch American, per 100, 5Oc. TORPEDO CAHZS.
4-inch American, 100, 63c N<? _ z __ Gncn Stick^ . r>e .
FQHAH CAHDLES No. 2— Red Stick and Knob. So.
..star,, per doxen, 8c. N j[o£" * "
IT£ III dozS lS: No. 4-Repeatin* Cape, new this
Vtto. per doze^ 2Oc. f - & J«. " consecutive repom,
IS: faV^Pefofet =Tc. Na '.J^ mite and Blue
8-6t2r. large. ?er dozen, 33c. (cartridge), lOc.
ic-star, large, per dozen, 37c. AMMUHITIOH F03 Ci.HES.
12-star, large, per dozen, me. .
15-star, large, per dozen, S5c. No. 1—50 shots in box, 2 boxes,
GOLO.iED SKYROCKETS. No^o shots in box, per box,
1 oz., doz., 15c. H lb, each 10c 4c.
2 oz., doz., 17c 1 lb., each, 15c A complete line of all kinds of
3 oz., doz, 27c 2 lb, each, 25c- Novelties. Torpedo Tops, Kango
4. oz., doz, 42c. 3 lb, each, 40c. Clubs, Marble Torpedoes. Pis-
6 oz, doz., 65c. 4 lb, each, 60c. tols, etc.
STAR SAFETY RAZORS $1.25 EACH
.^.uSSTiSSSWi-- ... How Soon You Save
shades, and printed with clusters xht Price of Toxxr STJtETCHira
of pretty flowers. It- makes a -vrttm Tnr -2Tm«s v-m-
b-autiful neck rfbbon: worth 23c: „ WJlca I2JLV^
special, per yard 2Oc Curtains.
nt'WipJATS x ls our Improved adjustable
T Jt • , AT »- pi n Stretcher, with easel back; j
Ladies fast black mercerized sateen everywhere for $2.75: our i
Petticoats, trimmed with umbrel- vcry jp^ial price S'J.tiO i
la flounce; also 3 ruffles; special „ . \- , . . ™ "
Drtce »¦»«» -¦ sanie as No. 1. with the ex- j
price "»**- ception of easel back; sold every- t
BELTS. _ . . ; where for $2.23; our very special !
Washable Belts, made of white price 3»1.SJ> !
pique; regular price 15c; special No . 3. strong, durabl- Stretcher. !
'• — lOc vrith statieaary pins; made as ]
STOXaCBS HOSE. jrood as N03. 1 ar.d 2: sold every-
Larties* Hose. made. of. English where for $2.00; special. . .§1. 3D
thread. f2st black: special. . 13c No. 4 Is our "stand-by" Stretcher.
Plain black and fancy 'colored ho»e. with stationary pir.s: positively
the imported kind: regular price will not sag: sold everywhere for
35c: special 2.1c $1.50; special SI. 09 '
JUaV.ES. SAZOSS A2TD SHXA2S GSOTHTD AMD &Z7A2S£2>. ;
PXCTUitZ TRA^TES OF ALL SZSCXZ7XZOXS ZXAOS TO QitTffn^, i
AMUSESLEXTS.
TIVOLIS^
EVENINGS AT S SHAPJ*.
hlS Clty
ASTXSTB.
Extra Kattnte acoaday July 4.
7E OXr2I A D2 TH2 3XOXES3'
ClZCXiS, 3d Ploor, PAEADISE.
L'*««i TSTwli Hrlc«»— 3c SCe. 73c
. Seats Always Sellln? — Only ilat:r.e-i Sat.
Continued and tralnterrapted Success cf
the mo r mo ins.
EUcretlat!ng!y Puany and Clererty Acted.
S0-ACTT/4i4 e?iCI ¦ j.Tt >D R0 ii T.^»— Xi
Last Week of Licn-.-I Lawreace'a
"EIGHT RADIUM GIRLS."
Onr "All Star" Cast of Bur>*rju? Artists.
SPECIAL ilATlXEE JULY 4.
' EZTBA ¦
COMMEXCIXO SATURDAY. JULY 9.
(Note Use Date. Please)
"A IiTJCXrr STOai" (£atlrcly 3st).
And these great p-ople added: Dorothy Mor-
ton. Qu««3 of Burlesque: Nora Bayea. Qtxe«a
of Ccme«i!«n3e3: I'.'.c* and Cadr. KniF*rurs oz
German Comedy; Bofcfcy Nor^h. Peer ot He-
brew Comedians.
.MATINEES SATURDAY AXD SUNDAY.
Sam« Pcpalar Prices.
A Splendid Snow Sroxy Afteraooa aad
XTcalnr la ta« Tnester.
TAKE A RIDE OS THE
SrETlATXTSE miCTBXC. SAX£SOAX>.
Esnieralda and Her BABY MONKEY In the
Zoo.
' .' INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the PNEUMATIC SYMPHONY ORCHES-
TRION.
AMATXUB XIOXT TXVX8DAT.
Sest rail to See "AEQO."
-Ai'— — '^a'lOirz'CWWrea. 5cPurse Winners at Seattle.
By the New York Telegraph.
First Race— Winchester, Fleur de
Marie, Harpoon.
Second Race- — Waterboy, Broom
stick, Reliable.
liiird Race— Whineray, Cock Rob
in, Flying Buttress.
Fourth Race — Ormonde's Right,
High Chancellor, Proper.
Fifth Race— Witchcraft, Armenia,
Major Pelham.
Sixth Race — Leader, Sweet Alice,
Reliable.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELET7TTONS.
At a meeting of the Civil Service
Commission last night the dates for
examinations for promotion in-the Po
lice Department were, fixed and the
scope of the tests was determined. The
examination for corporals who aspire
for' sergeants' chevrons Avill be held on
July 20 at 1 p. m. in the auditorium of
the Girls' High School. The scope of
the test and the credits allowed Avill
be as folloAvs: General knowledge of
duties, 5; writing reports, 2;, arithmetic,
1: seniority, 1; meritorious conduct, 1.
The examination for sergeants to lieu
tenants will be held at the, same place
on July 22 at the same hour. Six points
will be alloAA-ed for general knowledge
of duties and one point each for the
other subjects. The commission is con
sidering the details of the examination
of applicants for positions as police
patrol and' ambulance drivers and the
date of the examination will be an
nounced at the next meeting. A com
munication was received from the Po
lice Commissioners asking for the cer
tification of 'twenty-six patrolmen, four
corporals and one captain. r *
Fix Date of Examinations.
MONK BALKS EFFORTS
OF THE INVESTIGATORS
Head of Carthusian Order Declines
to Give Name of Persons Who
Solicited Money.
PARIS, June 27. — The Parliament
ary committee investigating the
charges that agents of the Carthusian
monks attempted to bribe French of
ficials with the view to securing a re
vocation of the order expelling the
monks from France has received a let
ter from Dom Michel, head of the
Carthusian order, declining to give the
name of the person who solicited from
the Carthusians the money to secure
the authorization referred to.
In the evening: the university glee,
banjo and mandolin^ clubs gaA'e their
annual commencement concert in Wool
sey Hall. The concert was followed, at
10 o'clock by the annual* senior«prome
nade in Woolsey Hall.
The degree pf bachelor of laws cum
laude was conferred upon Lloyd S.
Ackerman of San Francisco.
The Yale University Corporation held
an important meeting this afternoon
and it was announced that the resigna
tions of Professors George Trumbull
Ladd of the department of mental phil
osophy and of Professor David Tor
rence as professor, of evidence in the
laAv school have been accepted. The
resignation of Morris F. Tyler as treas
urer of the university Avas accepted, to
take effect this fall.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., June 27.— Ideal
weather greeted the opening of the sec
ond day of Tale's commencement week.
The class day exercises of the Sheffield
seniors were the first of the day. Ac
cording to custom, each member of the
class smoked the long class pipe, which
was passed from man to man. At the
dinner of the Alumni Association brief
remarks were made by President Had
ley, Dean Henry Wade. Rogers and a
few of the distinguished graduates
present. Toasts were responded to by
Secretary of War Taft, former Secre
tary of War Root and United States
Circuit Judge William K. Townsend,
among others.
Elihu Root delivered .the address to
the graduating class on "Some Duties
of American Lawyers to American
LaAV."
Delivers an Address to the
Graduates.
Ex-Secretary of War Elihu Root
YALE SENIORS SMOKE
THE LONG CLASS PIPE
SPROAT HEARINO.— The ca»« of Ed-srarsl
S. Sproat. charged with defrauding hia cred
itors, was again up before Pollc* Judga TPrtta
last night. Several witnesses were he«rd and
the caue went over until this afternoon.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First Race — Jade, Anona, Moorish
Damsel.
Second Race — Mezzo. Ml Reina,
Kilmorie.
Third Race- — La Londe, Blue Bird,
Pinkerton.
Fourth Race— McGee, Fonsoluca,
By Ways. * .',..'."
Fifth Race — Spencerian, Jerry
Lynch, Telephone.
Sixth Race — Phil Finch. Memories,
Leila.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
Advices receded from the City of
. Mexico say that Rafael de Zayas En-
Viquez, former Consul General of the
•6outhern republic at this port, has been
sentenced to imprisonment for five
.years for the misappropriation of Goa'
crnment funds, committed while at his
post in this city. Enriquez disappeared
' from San Francisco suddenly about six
• months ago and a few weeks later the
news came that he had been appre
henfled by the Mexican authorities.
• 'The charge made against him was
that he had failed to properly account
. for J5000 of the republic's funds. His
trial Avas quietly conducted and con
action promptly followed. .Enriquez
v as formerly a member of the Mexican
Congress and a lawyer of standing.
His reputation for integrity was mainly
responsible for his selection for the po
eitlon of Consul General at San Fran
cisco.
ENRIQUEZ WILL SPEND
FIV1> YEARS IN PRISON
RIVERSIDE. June 27.— Hubert Ham
ilton, a son of the Bishop of Ottawa,
mistook the depth of a swimming pool
to-night and was dangerously, injured
by striking his head on the cement
bottom. His skull was fractured and
his spine injured. His recovery is rery
doubtful and in all events he will be a
paralytic for life. Hamilton and his
wife have lived here for two years.'
BATHER BADLY HURT
BY STRIKING BOTTOM
By the New York Telegraph.
First Race — Burrows, Mand Wal
lace, Triple Silver.
Second Race — Pillar, Preventative,
Millwood. -
Third Race — -Neversuch, Warte
Nicht, Dave Sommers..
Fourth Race — Short Cake, Major
Carpenter, Dr. Kier. . •
Fifth Race — Lady Roy, Uranium,
Echodale.
Sixth Race^ — Lady Fonse, Velasquez,
Jerry Hunt.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK*. June 27.— The following
are the entries for to-morrow's races at
Sheepshead Bay:
First race, nix furlongs on main track, sell
ing, two-year-olds — AVinchester 105, Red
Rtynard 102. Graylad 102. Sailor Boy 102,
Handalica 102, Montebello 102, Monacodor 102.
Only One 102, Jack McKeon 103, Harpoon 102.
Man Amour l»9. Fleur de Marie 99, Noralight
9a, Kate CafTrey 94, Dance Music 94, Annie
RuEsell 9i.
Second race, one mile, three-year-olds and
up — AVaterboy 128, Reliable 126, Rapid Water
111, Broomstick 111, Mercury 108.
Third race. Stirrup cup, steeplechase, full
course — Cock Robin 162, Flying Buttress 160,
Whinoray 155, Lady Golightly 150, Manallan
150 The Virginian 152, Conover 149. R. B.
Sack 14S>, Meadowlark 146, Tireless 145, Pure
Pepper 145. Philma Paxton 154.
Fourth race, mile and a quarter, the Bay
Ridge stakes — Major Daingerfield 120. High
Chancellor 107, .Proper 111, Carbuncle 100,
Ormonde's Right 100, Mackey Dwyer 97,
Colon6ay 95.
Fifth race, six furlongs, on main track —
Queen Elizabeth 116, Major Pelham 113.
Schohalre 110, Francisco 110, South Trimble
110, Young Henry 107, Sadducee 107, Hello 107,
Counterpoise 107, Steelmaker 104, Old Eng
land 112, Mimosa 102, Belle of WakeHeld 98,
Toi San 95, Juvenal Maxim 102, Eagle 94*
Witchcraft 95, Armenia 102.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth on turf,
handicap — Reliable 127, Whorler 113, Leader
108 Himself 102, Mabon 03, New York 90,
Rcqulter 87. Sweet Alice 98.
Weather clear; track fast.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
SARATOGA. N. Y., June 27. — The
First National Bank of Saratoga was
not opened for business to-day, A no
tice signed by Bank Examiner "Van
Vranken and posted on the door
stated that at the request of the di
rectors and by order of the Comp
troller of the Currency the bank was
closed.
Friends of "William Hay Bockes,
lately cashier of the First National,
are much concerned, as it is said they
have not seen anything of him since
last Saturday night.
The run upon the Citizens' National
Bank ceased this afternoon, the de
positors being reassured. «.
Former Cashier Has Disappeared
and His Friends Express
Much Concern.
SARATOGA NATIONAL
BANK IS CLOSED
CHICAGO, June 27.— The following
are the entries for the races at Haw
thorne to-morrow:
First race, five furlongs — Del Carina 95,
Agnes A'irginla 95 Peggy Mine 98, Lady Lasca
98. Gallant Cassle 100, Mrs. Bob 10O, Mart
Gentry 100 Anona 100, Herllda 100, Capltanzo
101. Moorish Damsel 101, Jade 101, Flying
Brook 103, Allen Avon 104. Green Gown 104.
Second race, one mile, selling — Sartor Re
sartus 81, Langford James 86, Sam Stevens 86,
Duncan 86, Thank Haven 90. Ayr 94 Hudson
96. Kilmorie 90, Trentham 9S, Scotchman 9S,
Ml Reina 99. Ruth Vans 99, Mezzo 99. Pied
erich 105, Harry New 108.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Palm
Tree 107. II Dottore 107, Blue Bird 107 Glee
man 107, Pinkerton 110, Cigar Lighter 110,
AA'alter Arnold 114. La Londo 114.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Soufriere 87, Ananias 92. Merry Pioneer 97,
By AVays 102, McGee 107, Fonsoluca 108.
• Fifth race, one mile, selling — -Ryevale 81,
Telephone - 88, Montpelier 90. KJelnwood 91,
Sweet Tone 94, Spencerlan 95. Blackwolf 95,
Jerry Lynch K6, Marlln 100 Federal 100/ Orfeo
102, Hainault 104. Bummer 11 105, Joe Frey
108. Cardinal Woolsey 109.
Sixth race, elx furlongs — Georgia Baldwin
102, Viola 102. Comrade 105. Phil Finch 104,
AVatermelon 104. Sjambok 107, Major Tt J.
Carson 107. Lucy E S 107. Great Eastern 107,
Leila 107, Gus Strauss 107, Memories 107,
Oudon 112. Baywood 112, Ubque 107.
Weather cloudy; track fast. *
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
HONOLULU, June 21. — The new
tomb constructed for the remains of
monarchs of the Kamehameha line, in
Nuuanu Valley, was dedicated last
Sunday afternoon In the presence of
descendants of the royal families and
a number of invited guests. The oc
casion was giA-en official recognition by
the presence of the acting GoA-ernor,
the Government band and some of the
local Federal officials. The Kame
hamehas are now entombed in the
royal mausoleum with the deceased of
the Kalakaua line. The new tomb was
constructed at a cost of $15,000. ap
propriated by the last Legislature.
Mausoleum Prepared for Members of
Kamehameha and Kalakanu Fami
lies Dedicated at Honolulu.
REMAINS OF HAWAIIAN
MOXARCHS IN ONE TOMB
ST. LOUIS, June 27.— The following
are the entries for to-morrow's races
at the Fair Grounds:
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Julius Werner 112, Moroni 107. Crime 105, Dr.
Rllejr- 104, Ben Lear 102. Little Corker 102,
Maud Wallace 102, Edith Boss 100, Burrows
96 Mengls 96. Algonquin 95. Regina D 9i.
Benton 91, Torlo 91. Triple Silver 89.
Second race, four and a half furlongs; selling
— Drornlo^ 107. Sir Walter Rollins 107, Rath
skeller 104, Jack Moran 103, Mellwood 103.
Preventat.tye 103, Abelard 98. Russ 98, Pil
lar 03. . '..
Third race, six and a half furlongs, selling 1 —
Dr. Kier 110, Ciales 109, Wager 105, Nan Dora
102,' Decoration 102, Exapo 102, Yellmantown
99, .Short Cake 92. Major Carpenter 91, Bird
Pond 89.
Fourth race, one ' mile — Warte Nicht 107,
Neversuch 104, Dave Sommers 103, Nettie Re
gent 101.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Frank Kenny 112. Echo Dale 107, Uranlan 105,
Rustic Girl 102, Preakness 97, Miss Betty 92,
Lady Ray 89.
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards, sell
ing — Jerry Hunt 116. Wall 116. Love's Labor
112 Velaaquez, 111. Miss Eon 110. Frank Me
Kee 110, Cast Iron 110, Caithness 109, Wolfram
107 Alice Turner 105, Lady Fonse 95. Lord
Haren 92.
Weather threatening; track heavy.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
Riley was a member of the Hiber
nians and the Eagles. The funeral will
occur to-day.
Riley's body reposed at the undertak
ing establishment of the Pacific Under
takers on Mission street last night and
Avas surrounded by a number of
friends. Miss Ellen Riley, to whom the
deceased was engaged to be married,
was among the mourners.
Riley had made several trips to the
Alaskan mining regions and had accu
mulated considerable money. His
friends attribute to him a character
beyond reproach. ,
Mrs. Harry Radcliffe was at police
headquarters last night, but would
make no statement as to why her hus
band had killed Riley. In the first
flush of the arrest of Radcliffe the
woman stated that she had never seen
Riley. . Her husband said he had killed
the man because he had Insulted Mrs.
Radcliffe on the corner of Ninth and
Mission streets at 1 o'clock in the
morning.
Wife of the Man Who Killed Andrew
Riley Is Silent Before Police
Officials.
MRS. RADCMFFE REFUSES
TO MAKE' ANY STATE3IENT
Windy City Nine Unable to Overcome
Lead Obtained by Opponents
Early in Game.
(National League ) I (American League.)
AV. U, Pet. I W. L. Pet.
T«>w York. 41 16 .719 Boston 35 21 .625
Chicago ..35 20 .036 New York. 34 21 .61*
Cincicnati 33 22 .617 Chicago . . .36 24 .600
Pittfburg .SO 2S .r.l7 ; Phlladel ..31 24 .564
Ft Louis.. 27 2*> .491. Cleveland .27 25 .519
Brooklyn ..24 .':7 .38S St. Louis.. .25 27 .4S0
Boston 23 ?S .3*.iO Prtrolt ....23 S3 .411
Fhiladcl ..13 41 .241'AA*ashngton 9 45 .168
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, Jure 27. — Bunched hits la the
for.ond and third rave Pltteburg lour runs
b.zi& retired Lundgren. Two errors and a sin-
C\* scored twice for Chicago in the seventh.
¦ .A batsman hit by a pitched ball, an out and
three tingles added two more in the ninth.
R. H. E.
Chicago 4 5 2
XTttEburg 5 S Si
Batteries — Lundgren. Corrldon and Kilns;;
beevcr and Fraith. Umpire — O'Day.
NEAV YORK, June 27.— New York won its
rlevjsnth straight victory to-day by outbattlng
rhi!ade!phia.
R. H. E.
SCw York 10 10 3
rh:i&del£hi»> 2 4 2
Batteries — Taylor. ATamer and Bowerman;
Frater, Dooln and Roth. Umpire — Emelie.
. BROOKLYN. June 27. — Boston defeated
Jjrooklyn to-<Jay. The home team had eev- 
eral oyr>ortunities to win, but failed to take
fidvactage of them.
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 1 10 0;
Boston 2 5 1
Bitteries — Poole and Bergen; Pittinger and
JCeedham. Umpire — Johnstone.
CINCINNATI. June 27.— St. Louis-Clncln
rati game postponed to-day on account of rain.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON. June 27.— The Philadelphia:;
cjwned the serifs here to-day with a victory-
R. H. E.
Washincton 2 6 3
, Thiladelphia 3 0 2
.Batteries — Jacobsen and Clarke; Bender and
Fchr»ck.
DETTtOIT. Mich.. June 27. — The best bat
ting n'2.s done by Chicago to-day. Donovan
lasted five inr.lr.gs, thirteen hits being made
eff hit delivery.
R. H. E.
Detroit 6 12 4
O.j«?ago IB 24 0
Batteries — Donovan, Stovall and AVoods;
A.i :..•¦ k and McFarland.
JJOSTON, June 27. — New York won from
Boston to-day by hard and consecutive hit
tine. Powell pitched a most effective game.
R. H. E.
*:«w York 8 13 2
Boston 4 6 1
. Batterie* — Powell and McGulre; Tannehlll
er.d Farrtll.
KT. LOUIS. June 27. — The St. Louie-Cleve
larj game was postponed on account of wet
grounds.
WASHINGTON, June 27. — John
McCarthy has been appointed post
master at Latrobe, El Dorado Coun
ty, Cal., A-ice William E. Riebsom, re
signed, and James O. Sweetland post
master of Sweetland, Nevada County,
vice James W. Wood, deceased.
The application of the First Nation
al Bank of Wilmington, Cal., to or
ganize a national bank has been ap
proved; .capital $25,000.
Army Orders — Lieutenant Colonel
William W. Robinson Jr., deputy
quartermaster general, upon the ex
piration of the sick leaA'e of which he
aA'ailed himself at San Francisco, will
proceed to St. Paul and report to the
commanding general of the Depart
ment of Dakota. PriA'ate Fred Schnei
der, signal corps, Department of Cal
ifornia, will be sent to Lees Ranch,
Utah, reporting by telegraph to the
signal officer of the Department of
Colorado. Sergeant Arthur W. Hayes,
hospital corps, Presidio, will.be sent
to Manlia on the transport sailing
from San Francisco about July 1. Pri-
A-ate Charles W. H. Held man. Com
pany I, Tenth Infantry, Presidio, is
transferred to the signal corps. He
will be sent to Benicia Barracks upon
reporting to the commanding officer
for duty. Post Commissary Sergeant
Charles A. Zimmerman, Fort Clark,
Tex., on relief, win be sent to San
Francisco, thence to Peking, China,
reporting on arrival there to the com
manding officer of the"* United States
legation guard to relieve Post Com
missary Sergeant Francis Kidd.
Sergeant Kidd, on relief, will be sent
to San Francisco. Lieutenant Verge
Sweazy, assistant surgeon, now at the
United States Army General Hospital,
Presidio, is relieA-ed from further duty
in the Philippines diA'ision and will re
port to the commanding general, De
partment of California for assign
ment to temporary duty at that hos
pital.
California Postmasters Commissioned
by President, Who Also Issues
Army Orders.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
rnrrsBURG bunches hits
AND DEFEATS CHICAGO
The prodigal son's body is yet in the
Ottawa RiA-er. Colonel Sherwood will
Immediately send the San Francisco
ctiorneys full particulars.
OTTAWA, Ont., June 27«— Chief of
Government Detectives Sherwood to
day received a letter from a San Fran
cisco legal finn Inquiring for Samuel
Larsen, who Is wanted as an heir to
considerable valuable property near
that city.
The inquiry comes too late. After
¦working as a common laborer for years
Lsirsen lately started driA-lng for J. R»
Booth, the millionaire lumber » king.
"While backing a wagon full of dirt
into a river he disappeared and has
¦r.ever since been heard of. It is thought
lie fell out of the wagon and Avas
drowned. He had a weakness for drink
and though occasionally he received
meney from rich American relatives he
vould ne\'er diA-ul&e their names.
CHICAGO, June 27.— Coming as if
from the dead, after he had been re
ported as murdered, and after his wife
had been held by the police several
days on suspicion of knowing some
thing of her husband's disappearance,
Stefan Biszak has unexpectedly re
turned to his old home.
When a body weighted with railroad
iron was taken out of the Illinois and
Michigan canal May 13, it was identi
fied by Mrs. Biszak as that of her hus
band, who had disappeared some time
before. Finally she Avas placed under
arrest as apparently the body Avas that
of a man who had been murdered. The
most rigid investigation by the police,
coA-ering several days, failed to estab
lish any eA'idence to connect the woman
Avith the murder, and as she showed
that she was in error as to her first
identification she was released.
The return of Biszak, who says he
has been in St. Paul, deepens the mys
tery surrounding the tylentity of the
body found in the canal and the man
ner of that man's death. The police
belieA-e there is no doubt the man Avas
murdered, but the body and its secret
ha\-e been buried in the potter's field.
Mrs. Bissak was startled when Bis
zak appeared at the door and for a
moment refused to belieA-e he Avas her
missing husband. Then there was an
affecting greeting and an explana
tion.
The majority recommendation of
Supervisors Boxton and McClellan of
the Police Committee that the Hayes
Valley Club be granted the August
permit for a professional boxing exhi
bition was not considered by the
Board of Supervisors yesterday. The
matter was referred to the commit
tee owing to the receipt of communi
cations from two rival clubs.
The Shasta Club sent a communica
tion to the board waiving any claim
to the August permit. The club stat
ed that its action Is prompted by the
fact that the Tosemite Club, which
had arranged to bring off a contest In
June was prevented from doing so by
accident and unless given the oppor
tunity during the month of August
will be put to the loss of a large
amount' of money.
Harry Corbett of the Yosemite Club
filed a petition for the August permit,
claiming that the club had paid the
license fee of 5 1200; that It has de
posited a bond of $2500 to give its
exhibition in August, and that ar
rangements • were .made in the belief
that the rule of the board granting
permits to clubs In rotation, which
has been in operation for five years
past, would be followed.
Supervisor Boxton said the .clubs
would be given a hearing, but he ques
tioned the right of one club transfer
ring its alleged privilege to another
club.
Harry Foley, the local middle-weight,
returned from the East Sunday night.
He had several meetings in Philadel
phia and while here will try to ar
range a try-out with Twin Sullivan.
After enjoying for months popular
adulation in a land where there Is no
color line. Major Taylor, the negro bi
cycle rider, returned yesterday to his
native shores to find the prejudice
against his raqe so strong that hotel
runners refused him passage on their
buses and restaurants declined to feed
him.
Taylor was a passenger on the Sierra.
During his long stay In Australia he
was the star attraction at many im
portant meetings. He won all the prizes
in sight and was much made of wher
ever he went. Australia Is a sport
loA-ing land and the good performer In
any line of sport Is the popular Idol,
whether his skin be white, black or
yellow. Taylor was extensively enter
tained. He was the guest of people
who stand high in Australia's social
life. He made lots of money and ac
quired the best-that-money-can buy
habit to the full extent of his ample
means.
After months of life under these con
ditions It was something of a jar when
he climbed Into a hotel bus at Pacific
street wharf yesterday, to be Invited
to step out. Another bus was tried.
Same result.
"No use taking you up; there will
be no room for you at the hoteV was
the invariable answer to the cham
pion's demands for an explanation.
Police Sergeant Mahoney went to
Taylor's rescue and gave him the
names of several hotels where colored
guests- are received.
The suggestion was not received
kindly.
"Not my kind of hotels." said the
wheelman, dismissing the policeman
with a haughty glare.
Taylor had intended ,to stay In the
city for some days, but late yesterday
afternoon purchased his ticket for last
night's overland. "When he secured his
transportation he said that not only
could he get no room for himself and
wife at any hotel where he would care
to stay, but that at no restaurant
where he would care to eat would any
body take his order.
Legatee Tracked to Stream,
Into Which It Is Thought
He Fell and Was Drowned
Fresh From the East Harry
Foley .-Would Have a Try-
OutVith Twin Sullivan
Local Hotels and Kestau
rants Decline Patronage of
Man Australia Lionized
His Arrival Causes Police
to Wonder About Identity
of Bemains Found in Water
.EETUEX OF PUGILIST
Time, 1:55. Start good; Won easily. Winner,
J. H. Molnm & Co.'s ch. g. (5) by Athellng-
Stone Crop, Overhand 83, Orpheus 108, Lynch
104, Broodier 104, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 2— Thane, 112 (Crawford).. 3 10 11
25 to 1— Trios. 109 (Howell) 2 5 10 2 8
13 to 1— Pettljohn.106 (Williams) 5 42 3%
Time, 1:47%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, E. Trotter's b. g. (5) by Appomattox-
Forget Me Not II. Canyon 99. Mainspring
102, Mordella 94, Irish Jewel 98, finished as
named.
'FIFTH RACE^ — Ono mile; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5 — C.Thompson,98 (Fischer) 8 15 12
8 to 1— Bugler, 98 (Austin) 2 2 2 2n
20 to 1 — Ada N, 96 (Hennessy) . . 7 4 4 8 8
Time, 1:1814. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, L. Lemp & Co.'s b. h. (7) by Golden
Garter-Miss Modred. Icewater 11, Jimalong
113, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Three-year-olds and up;
six furlongs; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Elastic, 121 (Dale) 8 1 ns 1 4
3 to 1— Mattlo H, 98 (Blake) 2 2 3 2 ft
3 to 1— Cl. the Arena, 98 (Davis) 5 4 % 3 6
THIRD RACE^ — Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Hadrian. 100 (W.Flsher) 2 2 2 14
2 to 1— Llm. Girl. 106 (Austin). 5 4 h 2 n
3 to 2— Col AVhlte. 109 (Claytn) 7 5 5 3 %
Time. :58. Start bad. AVon easily. "Winner,
J. W. Schorr's br. c. by Two Handsome-Klon
dyke Oceaner 109, Black Art 109. Saronola
109. Howard Vance 109, Fred Hombeck 108,
finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Dr. Scharff, 105 (Rice).. 1 2 2 11^
14 to 5— S. Ventura 103 (Helms) 6 1 h 2 4
12. to 1 — H. Dervish, 103 (AA'llms) 2 3 lftS Hi
Time l:lSVi Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner, J. W. O'Neall's ch. g. (5) by Donald
A-Miss o uri II. St." Vltus 108. Frank Carr 97.
Quaker Girl 90, Yellow Hammer 95, Ringdove
106. Percy Clark " 111. Miss Manners 10«,
finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, June 2 7l— Elastic came
back again and, despite predictions
that he was "all in," won another six
furlong sprint from fast company here
to-day. Lemp's sturdy horse shoul
dered 121 pounds and won like a siake
horse. Favorites had a poor time in
the earlier races, : the first three
choices being: downed.. The weather
was rainy and the track muddy. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin. ¦
10 to 1— Red Leaf. 100 (Austin). 2 12 17
5 to 2— Luretta, 104 (W. Fishr) 6 2 5 2 4
6 to 1— AVakeful. 65 (W.Davis) 7 4 h 3 lft
TJme. :C8%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. Straus & Co.'b ch. f. (2) by Hermance-
Readin. Sally McNeal 103. Sonya 95. Lady
Lou 98. Fruit 110., Erla Lea 106. Aspatla 95,
Pharmacy 95, Leila Hunter 103. Cozzen 100,
finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse: :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St % Fin.
7 to 5— Flaxman. Ill (Prior) 1 lh 11%
Even — Gold Enamel, 111 (Haack) 3 3 h 2 1
A to 1— Florentine, Ml (RobWns). 4 2 1%3 15
Time, 1:01. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, C. E. Durnell's b. c. by Rough and
Ready-Mistral. Rainevltch 108, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— Glassful. 102 (Lawrence) 6 2 2 1 V,
15 to 1 — Major Domo, 105 (Henry) 6, 41 2-2
7 to 1— Rossmond, 99 (O'Regar).lO 5 ft 3 1
Time. 1:48 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, P. Dunne's b. g v (4) by Mirthful-Belle
Hoyt. Tancred 109, Hainault 106, Gllfain 111,
Ijouisville 98, Sockdolenger 104, Bluemlnt 98,
Northwind i03, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 3— Bad News, 112 (Kelly) 4 11 1 %
7to5 — Action, 105 (Henry) 2 2 1^2 94
8 to 1— Fred Leppert, 94 (Nicola). 1 4% 34
Time. 1:41 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, E, R. Bradley' s b*. g. (4) by Flying
Dutchman-Black Sleeves. Foncasta 90, Jake
Greenberg 105, Apple 90, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Short course steeplechase;
handicap; four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, AVeight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1 — Donami, 12tf (Bartley) . . 2 1 2 1 nk
11 to 2— Cardigan, 143 (Bates)... 3 2624
11 to 2— Sweet Jane, 130 (Seaton) 5 4 13 4
Time. 2:50. Start good. • Won easily. AVln
ner, Mrs. A. Bartley's b. c. (4) by Herald-
Alcyon. Montanic 159. Crevlin 129, Snowdrift
125, John E. Owens 153, Jack Boyd-147, fin
ished as named. - .
Time, 1:18 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. A. L. Aste's br. f. by Mirthful-Part
ridge. Foresight 107, H. L Frank 102, Har
fang 100, Lady L»e 95, Trompeuso 105, My
Alice 95, Tellfare 102, Banquero 107. finished
as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds:
Betting. Horse, AVeight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5— Canteen. 100 (Knapp)... 4 12 15
9 to 2— Emp of India, 102(Feitch) 2 4 % 2 2
7 to 1— Grand. 105 (J. Hicks)... 6 3 2 3 ft
CHICAGO, June 27. — The unexpected
happened in the steeplechase at Haw
thorne to-day, when Donami, the out
sider at 20 to 1, won all the way and
beat out the "good thing," Cardigan,
by a neck. The latter Avas played for a
killing, pounded from 10 to 1 down to
5% . at post time. Sweet Jane,
played from 8 to 5%. to 1, was third,
four lengths back. Had Cardigan won
hia backers would have cleaned up
handsomely. Not an accident occurred
in the big field of eight, and the race
was a spectacular one.
The fourth race was ruined by
scratches, leaving Bad News a pro
hibitive favorite at 1 to 4. He led from
start to finish.
A well-balanced card, a fast track
and splendid weather drew out a big
crowd for a Monday. Three favorites
won. Results:
FIRST RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
purse; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, AVeight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Bert Osra, 106 (Oliphant) 8 2 2 1 Vi
6 to 5— Bowl'g Bridge, 118 (Dom) 4 4 h 2 1
20 to 1— Lord Dixon, 108 (Henry) 3 6^34
Time, :53. Start fair. AA'on driving. AVlnner,
II. T. Griffin's ch. c. by Albert-Bonnie Ozra.
Aunt Katharine 103, Bryan 112, Tennyburn
110, Pawtucket 112, Roscoe 116. Butwell 105,
Lou Merrill 103, The Trifler 110. Belsarano 114.
finished as named.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
maiden three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, AVeight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Gay Lizzette. 93 (Crimns) 3 2 1%1 »4
15 to 1— St Gallen. 91 (Schilling). 11 8 2 2 n
15 to 1— N. Longworth, 107 (Lyn).lO 6 1 3 6
Time, 1 :4S 3-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, A. Molllnelli's ch. f. by Ossary Or-
St. Gatlen Hatchet, Concert, Grantsdale, Li
zetta. Sir ' Shep. Aurumaater. Oradel, Salora,
Stepaway, Frank Somers, Mutiny, Worry and
Sen Delear finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 1 — Dalesman, 107 (Martin).. 2 1 1%1 4
11 to 5 — River Pirate, 99 (Gannon) 1 2 h 2 %
4 to 1— Eugenia Burch, 115 (Hks) 3 4 6 3 h
Time, 1:52 4-5. Start bad. AA'on easily.
Winner, M. Corbett's b.c. by Ben Brush-Inno
dale. Lady Potentate. Colonsay, Possession,
Shorthose, Brigand, Phaon, Agnes D and Ca
queta finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; the Equality;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %, Fin.
6 to 1— D. Spanker. 103 (Hildbrd) 2 2 2 1 n
16 to 5— St. A'alentlne, 101 (Phlps) 4 3 % 2 2ft
12 to 1— Toboggan, 111 (Odom)... 7 5 1 3 2V4
Time, 1 :38. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, R. T. Wilson's b. g. by Kingston-Lady
Gay. Roehampton, Grey Friar, Savable and
Meltonlan finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:-
Betting. Horse, AVeight, Jockey. St % Fin.
18 to D — Tongorder, 115 (Lyne)... 3 3 6 1 1H
7 to 1— Hot Shot. 112 (Hildebnd) 5 4 1 2 n
11 to 5— St. Bellane, 119 (Phillips) 1 2 6 3 4%
Time. 1:(K5 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. S. Pagefs ch. c. by Order-Tongehe.
AVatereide. Diamond Flush, Amberjack, fin
ished as named.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds and upward; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St % Fin.
12 to 1 — Cascine, 85 (Coleman)... 5 1 1 »1 l^i
10 to 6— Tepee, 105 (O'Neill) 2 2 2 2n
30 to 1 — Rosslgnol. 104 (Dangman) « 5 6 3 6
10 to 1— McMeekln, 105 (Burns)., t 46 43
Time, 1:14. Start poor. , Won driving.
Winner, T. R. Hitchcock's ch! f. by Pontlac-
Poncho. Toupee, Queen Belle, Hydrangea, Sey
mour, General Roberts, Bardolph, Dancing
Belle, Dr. Chapin, St. Barnaby, Prince Chlng,
Knobhampton, The Cub, finished as named.
'Disqualified for fouling.
It was astounding to see £ horse of
Savable's supposed class beaten so far
and so early in the race as he was.
It was in the Equality stake and an
added starter, Dolly Spanker, with 103
pounds up, won easily after Roehamp
ton had set the pace. • *
And a terrific pace it was. The first
half mile was run in 47 1-5 seconds, the
five furlongs in 59 4-5 seconds, the six
furlongs in 1:12 1-5 and the full mile
out of the "chute" in 1:38. This is the
fastest mile of the meeting. Results:
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; maiden two
year-oldg; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St ?i Fin.
:5 to 5 — Britisher, 115 (Ocelli).. 2 lft 13
30 to 1— -Torchello, 112 (Lyne) 1 2 3 2 n
30 to 1— Ascot Belle, 112 (Philips) 5 3 2 3 3ft
Time. 1:00 3-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. J. A. Drake 1 a b. c. by Plaudit-British
Blue Blood. Lapucelle, Jerry C. Aeronaut,
Maximilian. Princess Kris, Courier, Sparkling.
Perry McAdow, Klamesha, Dandelion, Fairy
Dance, Maggie I. Troup, Lobo. Sir Brillar,
Tobasco. finished as named.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY. June • 27.— In
strong contrast to the sport furnished
on Saturday, the majority of the races
run to-dav caused backers of public
form" much mystification. Open dis
satisfaction was expressed at the de
feats of Savable and Auromaster,
neither of which ran within many
pounds of Ills recent form.
Then, too, the disqualification of
Cascine in the second race was not at
all relished by those who could not see
where the California colt had given
sufficient cause for being disqualified,
although they did see Cascine run
across the track from the outside as
the stretch turn was made. Whether
he actually impeded Tepee, who fin
ished second, was "an open question
with even the most critical.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
IS LOCATED, THEN LOST
NOT DROWNED IX CANAL
CUTS SHORT HIS STAY
Mysterious Disappearance
of Citizen of Chicago Is
Cleared Up by His Return
Hayes Valley Club's Bequest
Held Up Through Efforts
of Rival Organizations
Cascine Wins and
Loses a Race at
Sheepshead.
Old Elastic Adds
.Another Purse
to His List.
Steeplechase Won
by Donami at
20 to 1.
Xegrro Bicycle Champion
Finds That San Francisco
Draws the Color Line
Search of San Francisco
lawyers Is Ended by a
3Iysterious Disappearance
TRACE AN HEIR
TO RIVER BANK
SUPPOSED DEAD
MAN IS ALIVE
COLT RUNS THE MILE IN 1:38,
GOING EASILY AT THE END
TAYLOR'S MONEY
OF NO ACCOUNT
FIGHT PERMITS
NOT GRANTED
DOLLY SPANKER, HILDEBRAND UP, WINS EQUALITY STAKES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1904L
LONDON, June 27.— H. L. Doherty
again won the tennis championship at
Wimbledon to-day, defeating Frank
L. Riseley by 6-1, .7-5 and 8-S,
Doherty Defeats Riseley.
PHILADELPHIA, June 27.— Four
thousand men will be discharged from
the Baldwin Locomotive Works within
the next few days. Six .thousand men
have already been dropped from the
company's service. " The action \ of the
management is due to a lack of orders
for locomotives. ' - •' JM&
Discharging 4000 Men.
Baldwin Locomotive Works Intends
WILL REDUCE ITS FORCE.
SAN JOSE, June 27.— A parade • of
San Jose . Aerie of Eagles opened the
carnival given under their auspices this
evening. Red fire was burned along the
line of march and music enlivened the
occasion. The carnival is to continue
the balance of the week. All the attrac
tions are furnished "by the Southern
Carnival Company. Tents have been
erected on } the grounds on the corner
of Sixth and; Santa Clara streets. The
Eagles' share of the proceeds will be
devoted to their bulldln'ff fund, . ,;__
Carnival Opens at San Jose.
First race, five and a half furlong's — Conger
won; M. I*. Dotchlld second, Quidado third.
Time. l:00H. . .
Second race, four and a half furlongs, sell
ing — Golden Ivy won. Carobun second, Lakeret
Phillips third. Time. :56. ¦
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
Dora I won. Eatado second, Penzance third.
Time 1:09. -
Foorth race, one mile, selling — Pope Leo
won. Krnil 6econd, Optimo third. Time, 1 :42Vi.
Fifth race, six furlong's, selling — Sue Chris
tian won, Huapala second. War Times third.
Time, 1:1514.
Sixth race, one mil* and fifty yards, selling —
Handnress won. Montana' Peeress second J.
V. Klrby third. Time, 1:44.
SEATTLE. June 27. — Summary:
10
jS^^^^^Sw £z^^^^& V Bl 3* M
- No disease causes so much bodily discomfort, or itches
burns and stings like Eczema. It begins often with a
slight redness of the skin, followed by pustules or blis-
ters from which a gummy, sticky fluid oozes, which dries
and scales off or forms bad looking sores and scabs. It
appears on different parts of the body, but oftenest upon
"l" bS P feel " ""***** ~"« « d «§
and lace, ana is a veritable yO u know what s.s.s. has done forme. I have
torment at times, especially "uttered with Chronic Eczema for over fifteen
at mVht or when overheated r ear f * * nd nare ' "spent a great deal of money try-
J$ wnen overneaiea. i ng to set cnred# Have used salves and washes
The cause of Eczema IS a and different kinds of blood medicine, have been
ton arid rondition of the treate< I by * ne best doctors in the city, but could
xooaciaconaiiion 01 ine not pet relief. My lesr was in a terrible condition
blood. The terrifying Itch- when I started the use of S. S. S. Have taken
irnr andhurniturarenroduced 8evoral bottles and now there i» not a spot on
ing ana Durning are prouucca mT leg . or any other part of bo t fcel Hko
by the overflow through the a new man. . • P. D. FLA.NNEEY.
glands and pores of the skin 2601 T^o»a. at., St. Louis, Mo.
of the fiery poisons with which the blood -current is overloaded. While ex»
S^mm^ M-* ternal applications, such as washes, soaps, salves
|^^ I^N ao^ powders are soothing and cooling, they do not
enter * n^° e Wood itself or touch the real cause of
hO 1 ) *k e disease, but S. S. S. does, and purifies, enriches,
and strengthens the thin acid blood and cleanses the
general system, when the skin clears off and Eczema and all its terrifying
symptoms disappear. Book on the Skin and its diseases free. No charge
lor medical advice. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, G A*
SETS THE SKIN ON FIRE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ ' ADVEBTISETaTENTa.
| "I FEEL GREAT!" I
•" How often that is said by men who have been rured of nervous debility by the ?
Pr. McLaughlin Electric Belt! They say it. every day. Men who have been wnk. •
Q gloomy. Irresolute, and who had noconfldence In themselves at all are now holding O
0 up their heads in pride, with the knowledge that perfect strength" U restored- that A
a they are as good as any man that walks, and better than any man at their «1« You ,
J know you are weak now, and wish you could cay thaf you were as food as any man X
w of your size. You can If you will use this grand fc«igirator •
S DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. 2
8 t^t^isTh^c^rh^; gSjjSsS SsgsS k ,SS£ rz!£\sz %
0, treatment and feel like another man. I can work and have the "nergy todo ?ny £
X work. Yours very truly. c H drfavpt vnrK*i £«i y •
• They come every day from everywhere. There 1, not' a to Jn Jr &,mW ,n the •
• country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughtln's Electric Belt namI - t ln tae q
i O Now. what does this mean to you. dear reader? If you are not what vou oe'eht A
• s &s ay? jsKWf&^5?a«- &385Sti&Sffi£8£ I
S srSSusK = -- H W§M k £p ais?§S I
5 Dp. M. C. McLaughlin, 2*J«Sj2i*: |
j{ . ». Offlce Hour*-* «.m.to8p. m.; Sundays 10 to 1. •Railroad Is Censured.
In the case of Martin Jackson, an
aged carpenter, who was run over and
killed recently at the intersectiort of
Townsend and Seventh streets by a
locomotive of the Southern Pacific
Company, the Coroner's jury made the
following recommendation:
* ."We recommend that the Southern
Pacific be required to use
more precautions to protect life and
prevent accidents at railroad cross-
Ings."
Trademark Injunction.
The D. Ghirardelli Company yester
day brought puit for an Injunction to
prevent the E. Ghirardelli Mercantile
Company from infringing on the for
mer's trademark in using the 'words
"ground chocolate" or "Ghir.irdelli"
or the device -of an elk's head. Upon
the plaintiff firm's undertaking an in
demnifying bond in the sum of $5000
the court granted a temporary re
straining order pending the hearing
of the case.
Many Pleasures Are Promised to
Those Who Make the Trip as
Guests to Big Basin Park.
S. F. Booth of the board of directors
of the California State Board of Trade
and Secretary' L- M. Fletcher have re
turned from Boulder Creek, where
they perfected the arrangements for
the excursion to the Big Basin Park
to be given by the board. It Is now
definitely announced the excursion
will leave this city at 8:15 p. m. t Fri
day, July 22, In a special train. Din
ner will be served at Boulder Creek
and speeches will be made in the even
ing by Governor Pardee, General N.
P. Chipman. W. H. Mills and John P.
Irish. The party will leave Boulder
Creek on the morning of July 23 by
private carriages, stages, etc., for the
Big Basin Park and will arrive in the
park at 10 a. m. Five hours will there
be passed in sight seeing and at a bulls
head breakfast that will be specially
prepared for the occasion by the peo
ple of Santa Cruz County.
The excursionists will leave the
park at 3 p. m., arriving In Boulder
Creek In time for dinner. After din
ner they will go from Boulder Creek
on a special train for Santa Cruz,
where they will be received by the cit
izens of that city. Mayor Clark and
others will deliver addresses of wel
come, which will be responded to by
Governor Pardee, General Chipman,
Mr. Mills and Colonel Irish. The ex
cursionists will spend the night in the
tent city and after having breakfast
and luncheon will leave Santa Cruz at
1:30 p. m., arriving in San Francisco
at 5:20 p. m. Sunday evening. July 24.
The excursion will be in charge of
I.,. M. Fletcher.
STATE BOARD OF TRADE
ARRANGES FOR EXCURSION'
" Mr*. Inge Olsen of 5 Freelon street
*\&f before Judge Mogan on complaint
tit Mrs. Pettie, president of the Univer
sal Service Society, who stated that the
woman was a drunkard and shamefully
• neglected her two children, one of them
an 11-mcnths-old infant. The little ones
are now- at the Cooper Institute, and
" j.hc.ir father,, an industrious porter, is
willing to provide for them. The un
natural' mother will be sentenced to
day.
. : • • •
M. S. Cook, who came here from Los
Angeles last week, ran up automobiling
complaint of Margaret Panhorst, who
alleged he threatened to shoot her at
Third and Hunt streets, but she failed
fo appear when the case was called in
.-•'Judg-e Conlan's court. A bench war
*rknt was issued for her arre6t and sh<
'will 6e compelled to testify this morn
,'ir.g— provided the bailiff can catch her.
• • • • •
Fred Atkinson and John Bohen, lads
.-i. their teens, complained to Judge Mo
ean that they had been unnecessarily
abused bv Police Officers Kruger and
Rice, who conveyed them in a patrol
tv'agon from Second and Folsom streets
t« ih*»'City Prison last Saturday night.
The boys were arrested and charged
• with disturbing the peace by Officers
?[fcmon and Heinrichs, who turned
them aver to the custodv of Kruger
."and Rice. While in the wagron, the
d*iendants said, they were cuffed and
beaten in a brutal way, although they
u*ered no provocatipn whatever. At
kinson fiisplayed a blackened eye which
he iaid had been administered by Kru
per'e fist and Bohen stated that his
bGfljr was bruised. They declared they
¦:>-.ad r.ot resisted their custodians in
ar.y way. "
' • "You don't look like desperadoes,"
said, the Judge, surveying the rather
fragile-lookingr lads, "and if you were
beaten • as you allege it was a shame.
I'll continue your case till to-morrow.
> when the officers you complain of will
be here to tell their side of the story."
• • •
Almain Jasperson was arrested on
As t iv- wedding of Frank Kelly and
:*>.- I!er>rie'X* Giarmani Favored to
rotnr extent of, an international alli
;.r. e. it -was tr.iirely appropriate that
the liquid refreshment should not be
cocftaed to a single beverage. Friends
of th< *!iHim • could nut be expected
to° wax hilarious on the purple wine
of Italy, nor could the folk Invited by
ti\e bride be reasonably asked to toast
l:cr in the red whisky of Ireland. So
the i onnr.it tee on arrangements must
be jriven credit for acting vith wiFdom
-hen it provided both wine and whis
ky. 2eavir.fr the guefc*s to choose their
tipjiJe. That some of those present
trere so 'indiscreet as to mix their
•Jr.v.ks, and that fratricide almost re
sulted was no fault of those who at
tcr.ded to the commissary.
'•'rora various witnesses Police Jud^e
fritz gleaned a complete story of how
Ahe KcHy-Giannanl wedding feast
•I'.roju'.EeS to be the most harmonious
function in Vegetation Valley's social
history until Adolph and Silvio Bras
r.ldo, brothers, struck the discordant
.r.ote. ¦ WSile their compatriots im
bibed only the grape juice that was
.lh»re in unlimited Quantity, Adolph
and Silvio alternated with it deep
oraus'htrof the more fiery liquid favored
by the Hibernian contingent, and as
-a. natural cor.se'quence became so Quar
relsome that their expulsion from the
Fcene of revelry was essential to the
peace cf the other participants. As
"he brothers unsteadily proceeded to
iheir respective homes — Adolph raises
chicken* for market and Silvio's spe
cialty is duck culture — they accused
rach other cf sole responsibility for
i heir* unhappy exit, and the whisky
fumes in Silvio's brain prompted him
ro Birike Adolph with his fist, to which
Adolph instantly responded by slashing
wickedly at Silvio with a large knife.
Then the fight degenerated to a foot
race, with Silvio maintaining the lead
until he ran into the arms of a po
iiceYnan.
The- charge arainst Adolph was as
t-ault-with a dt-adly weapon and it was
dismissed after Silvio had stated that
he had no desire to have his brother's
• hickene deteriorate in value through
neglect.
• • •
Wedding Feast in Vegetation Valley Rudely Dis
turbed by Adolph and Silvio Brasolde, Who In
discreetly Alternate Their Claret With Whisky
bills to the amount of $400 before one
of the firms from whom he hired a
machine had him arrested for refusing
to pay for it. Accompanied by twe
women. Cook Ei>ent about four consec
utive days and nights in chug-chug
wagons, and he was about to leave far
the southland with one of the women
when he was - arrested last Saturday
night. Judge »Mogan has decided t^
hear the case to-morrow.
• • •
Louis Schmitz and Edward Long are
before Judge Conlan on the charge of
stealing clothing from dressing-rooms
at Sutro Baths. The arrests were made
by Patrolman Greggains of the park
squad.
• . • *
Motor-man J. Keyes was the real hero
of the street car hold-up on Eddy street
the night of June 14, for /which Gert
Hurnell, a railroad laborer, was arrest
ed. In the court of Judge Mogan yes
terday the mctorman told of how the
car was boarded at Gough street by
Burnell, who after robbing Conductor
Campbell of J1S at pistol point com
manded the man at the lever to stop
the car.
"He pointed the gun at me," Keyes
testified, "and shouted, 'Stop her.' I
screwed down the brake, but left the
current open, and there was jio appre
ciable decrease in the car's speed.
When the defendant stepped to the
side of the dummy, with the evident
intention of Jumping off when we
slowed down, I released the brake and
crouched behind a seat, and as I did so
the car started down the steepest de
clivity on the route. It went so fast
that I was afraid it would leave the
rails, and the defendant could not Jump
without killing himself, so he stayed
until we struck a level stretch between
Buchanan and Laguna streets, when he
leaped off and went sprawling. Then I
lesumed control of the machinery and
stopped at Fillmore street, where I got
a bartender to blew a whistle until Of
ficer Wren ran up to us. I took him
on the car, reversed the trolley and
rushed full speed back to Buchanan
street, where the arrest was made."
Keyes fully identified Burnell as the
highwayman, as did Conductor Camp
bell and a citizen who saw him after
he leaped from the flying car.
The hearing will be 1 resumed, to-day.
• • •
Harry Hoffman, a plumber from Sac
ramento, was among those present at a
select Saturday evening hop in one of
the Market street dancing academies,
and after the ball he and John Sweeney
were arrested for disturbing the peace
at the foot of the stairway leading to
the ballroom. The testimony before
Judge Mogan showed that Sweeney was
not very aggressive and he was dis
charged, while the gentleman from Sac
ramento was pronounced guilty and
ordered to appear to-day for sentence.
• • •
James Kelly, a negro who speaks
with Hibernian "brogue" and claims
County Clare. Ireland, as his place of
birth, was before Judge Mogan for the
eleventh time on the charge of va
grancy. Bailiff Hickey, who proudly
proclaims himself a native of "Sweet
County Clare," looked unutterable
things at the dusky defendant, whom
the court rules compelled him to handle
with gentleness.
• * •
K. C. Gardner was the latest victim
of the mysterious and mischievous per-
son who pushes lottery tickets into the
pockets of Caucasian wayfarers in the
Chinese quarter. There was no less
than six of the prohibited mediums of
gaming, each costing the buyer Twen
ty-five cents, in a pocket of Mr. Gard
ner's vest when he was stopped and
searched by an inquisitive policeman.
Judge Mogan has the latest mystery
under consideration.
• • •
Mrs. Anna Speakman made her regu
lar weekly appearance in Judge Mo
han's court, Mrs. Clara Lefevre'B regu
lar weekly plea of inability to be pres
ent was read and the regular weekly
continuance of one week was ordered.
Mrs. Speakman is charged with as
saulting Mrs. Lefevre with a deadly
weapon, to wit, one carving knife, and
the case has been hanging since May
7. Mrs. Lefevre is sojourning: at .an
out-of-o-wn sanitarium.
• • •
William Murray, who recently was
liberated from prison after serving a
six months' sentence for beating his
mother, will be sentenced for vagrancy
to-day by Judge Mogan. Since his res
toration to freedom Mr. Murray has
been consorting with one Roele Ritch,
tailoress, at 132 Sixth street, and while
quarreling with the woman last Sun
day morning he was arrested.
• • •
Charles McCarthy, who keeps a fruit
store at Eighteenth and Tennessee
streets, explained to Judge Mogan that
is was in celebration of his birthday
that he drank to excess and behaved
in such a disorderly manner last Sat
urday evening that a passing police
man casually picked him up and took
him to prison. He was dismissed with
a reprimand.
Four times wfthin the past two
weeks has Charles McKenzie Garcia
been arrested in Chinatown and booked
for vagrancy. For each^ojLhls prior
offenses he was punished with twenty
four hours' imprisonment, but th« one
for which he is to be sentenced to-day
by Judge Mogan will probably bring a
longer term.
¦¦ .¦'•*.'¦"-'•*• '•-'¦¦.•..'¦
John Mahoney won the Kearny-etre«t
record for begging by accosting six
pedestrians for alms on one block and
getting: money from four o£ them.
Flushed with success, he was emerg
ing from a saloon, where he had con
sumed two drinks of whisky in rapid
succeFsion. when a policeman, who had
been spotting him, nipped his career.
Sentence lo-day.
BROTHERS FIGHT AFTER
IMBIBING MIXED DRINK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE. 2S, -ISO 1.
11
the soap for fair,
white hands, bright
clear complexion,
soft, healthful skin.
Scld ail over the world.
AN UNTIMELY FATE
-
Is the I"t of much l:?rn srnt haphazard
to launArlf-s! It's fcrouhcj out. after a
fr.shion and its appearance and cleanll-
ih-?s are cjur-stionable Klways.
\Yith us. prrf^tr facilities and skilled
r««<i5=taBt5 &vo the I«?ast possible wear to
Ti!uric,s. whnsf cleaTiltnPss T.-hen rcturm-d
/r'-rr! "fir will pl«ise the most
critical.'.
' Vflpphoti*? S"--th 430 or. postal will
Urlr.# our collection 5w.>wice to your door.
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY
1004 KAE.ETET STIIEET.
ffclechcst South 12a
Grand aaaaajuuuu B^a
Electrical? 3 Concerts
Display | ftQyf jj Dafl y
c<oTrHTnr5"6 V5~&WTTfi'>o
2 ty /r £
Ssjuulpjia Finest *-2-PJUL5u£
Pungf.Surf £ i " C . 2 Fireworks
and Tub G Bathing 3 Water Spjrtf
Baths U On thC 3 Roof Gardens
Dancing £ CoaSt ' Sumnur
Boa! in $ and jo o< Theatricab
Pine Salmon U ijOfilC- 3 Vautkvii'e
Fishing £ thing 3 fp.cia'.ties
Lovely Drivss g DcNM 3 •* •*
A'ong the U « .. 3 Special Ratis
Coast and P %. 3 vli S. P. Ry
Through «hi g limC 3 Daring the
Redwoods TnprbTTBTo*Ya Entire Staton
CAZADERO
The Gem of AU Nortlisra Retreais.
Grove, 7c rest. Glade and Sell.
Crest, Canyon. 2111 and Dale.
Knoll, Knob, Peak and Mccntala.
The home of the trout and the haunt of th«
oeer. Reached over the Xorth Shore Ry.. via
Saosallto Ferry.
A year ago I leased this resort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I have the pleasure to
te:i you that, owing to last season's big; and
unprecedented partcnase. I have purchased this
majrnlflcent domain cf over 1200 acr»s. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop-
erties. Insuring the best of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building containing a bowling alley has
been added, also a new tennis court, and boat-
ing and bathing on the river, all free 10 gueen.
Free camping srouuds in the CazaJero giant
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rulea must be compiled with.
Lots, one-quarter acre, for sale, frcm $100
up. and cottages built to suit at city figures.
Tske Sausallto Ferry via North Shore Rail-
road. Round trip good for six months. $3 73.
Round trip. Friday till Monday. *3: no stag-
ins: depot en the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages, $2 per day: $10 to $H per week: spec.ai
rate by the month.
For particulars other than herein given write
J. J THIRIOX. owi-er and manager. Hotel del
Cazadero Sonoma Co.. Cal. or North Shore
R. R. office. 626 Market St.. San Francisco.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE^
MENT— GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SUPF
AND POOL BATHING.
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
DR. C. C ODONN3IjLi'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT OLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
ncrt on the coast. The greatest remeiJy fcr
lung disease, liver and stomach cemplilnts.
rheumatism and catarrh in the wcrld: 4<L
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent ch»ap;
, no fogs nor r° |s °n oaV «t the park: mineral
watpr. boat*, bathing and fishing' free. Meats
served at Hot»l Riverside at reasonable rates.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. o.'flce
1021 u. Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. San
Franclxco.
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management: no staging: d«pot on
grounds: phone; fare $2 40; Tlburon ferry;
rates $10 to $13 week: table first class; our
own dairy: ho? mineral bath?: nwlmmlnir tank;
livery; billiards: cnxjuet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Mcrtgornery st.. or BARKER &
ROSS. Lytton Springs. Sonoma Ccuaty. Cal.
POINT ARENA .HOT SPRINGS.
Open June 1. new hotel: large dlnlns-rcom.
telephone, hunting, "shlng. swimming, bowl-
ing, dancing- Get booklet Information Bureau,
.10 Montgomery «t- DR. \V. A. McCORXACK.
proprietor.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRAMSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Try?kee with train leaving S. F.
at 8:0S p. m. Returning, connects at Truekee
with train reaching S. F. at T:SO a. m.
THE TALLAC/ 45^ 015 '
Cafe European. Nurses, maids and children,
American ;.lan. Prices now as low as any ho-
tel on lake. Service, accommodations, boating
and livery superior to any.
M. LAWRENCE & CO.
BROCK\A//VV
¦ Lake Tahoe.
OPENS JUNE 1st.
Write FRANK B. ALVERSON. Mgr..
¦ ¦ ~ Brockway. CaL
KUBiCOK FASZ — A delightful resort
oi ehores of Lak* Tahoe. Bat sar.dy beacU
for bathinsc on the lake. Fine fly fishing and
hunting in srason. Beats. fl«hir.» tackle and
horses at moderate hire. Rates $2 a day cr
f»-om $1<> to $16 per week. I\ O. and telephone.
A. L. FP.OST. Rubicon Park. I.ake Tahoe. Cal.
LAKE SSOBS K0T7S2 — Glenbrook.
Nev. Cottages tapentSSup. lst-class board. milk
and cr.-am. fresh vegetables. D. COIXLLARD.
IlEED D4DIT IW * nd cottages: C tnllrs f.-ora
UCCK rAaflL Inli Lake Tahoe: cpen June 1;
elevation C507-feet: mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office. 30 Montgomery st.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
wnrnrrr zouss.
Truckee. Cfcl. The leaning hotel. !>a4quar-
I ters for tGurists and commercial men. Summer
j and wJmer re»ort. M»al station for ra.-s-n-
' gers Sta^e for Lakes Independence anj Web-
ber. Camubell U°t Springs *nd Sierravllle.
STEWART MCKAY, proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing: brats: excellent table; climate per-
feet: IS miles Jrcm Truckee. In an unbroken
forest. For information larqutre at Traveler
"otfice. 30 Montgomery st.. /Peck's Information
"Bureau, or Mrs. -H. M. demons. Trucked. Cal.
TRIICKFF myeb vl<-
SUMMER RESORT. SPORTSMEN S LODGE.
Fourth »e«*on. Sierra attractions. California'*
largest rainbow batc!i*ry. Finest tl.«h:ns . G.
II. FOCLKS. Verdi. Nev.. or Nevada blcck.
Ban FiancUco.
In Sltrra KtrattM Mourta.i.*. o.. iu County.
5UC0 tc-ct elew.lcn.' Art- btkau:ui.y lucaied
at the head of the gr«at Slerr* Vaiiey, 3D
mitts long by 6 mile» wid?. aurruund.ns which
U the great primeval forest of i>ine and Or A
specialty is made of the table. Tbe hot springs
are uufqualed fcr the cure of rheumatism,
gout, liver and kidney complaints and all blood
and skin diseases. Rate? for room and board.
$11 to $12 per week. Round trip from San
Francisco to springs via Boca. $14 50. Sta?e
dal'y except Sunday, connecting with 6 p. m.
train -frcm San Francisco,
THE GEYSERS
Th« Most Famous Health and Pleasure
Resort In California.
THE CL1MATK AND SCKNJSKV are unsur-
paesed and th« waters are acknowledged the
best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammam baths. Swinmlng lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, hunting, fishing,
dancing, shulfit-boar.1. billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this y»ar.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable in connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity. ?
The hotel will be supplied with, the best the
market affords. Rates. ?10, $12. $14 and Slrt
per week. For further particulars and booktet
write R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Geysers.
Sonoma County. California.*
AguaCajiente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year rcur.d; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare *1 10: sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Sprlnra; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank In the State. Table and rooms are first
claes. Rate? *2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11 Montgomery st..
cr address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Callente
Spring*. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
llr.lng-rnom: can seat 400 guests.
<S An dose <7*w
J Situated In Vendome Park of 12jf
•i, acres, a charming summer resort; m
both city and country advantages; &
automobile garage on the grounds Uk
free to guests. Bathing pavilion, |¥
bowling alleys, tennis, etc. New au- If
to roa-1 map of the county mailed Bf
4 on application. \
IA -. J- T. BROOK3. MiDtftt. \
OlS A f*f*O HOT SPRIVGS. SONOMA
Ol\nU(jO COUNTY; 4H hours
from San Francisco and
"*"*-*•— mm ~~ mm ~ but 0 mllet >taging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hct mineral water bath In SUte; boailng and
twimming in Warm Spring Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and San Fr&nclsco morning and evening
papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon- stages,
round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
Tlburon ferry dally at 7:30 a- m. or 2:30 p m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine years. Patronage of
190.'! unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau. 11 Montgomery st., or of
J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs. Ca4.
M ARK WEST
K "^J M SPRINGS
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
will manage the springs: many Improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day.; $10 and $12 week. Offlc*. 833 Larkln
«t.. cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs. Santa
Rosa. Rural No. 6.
n If n D II Mot £ rrln«s : on line South.
II U I I Hi ern Pac l1c : 2H hours from
K I K I I IB 5"?, Francls «>. 3 train.
II I 111 d a"y; luxurious mineral
U I I I U I 1 » nd mud baths; hotel
unique In cuisine service
and appointments. Information at S. P Co.
Bureau. 613 Market at.. Peck's Bureau 11
Montgomery St.. or H. R. WARNER. Byron
Hot Springs. Cal
i: CAMP CURRY :
Get circulars at all railroad office*. ',
i Advertised by 4000 r»iests. <
j YOSEMITE
Springs
Natural Hot Plunge and. Steam Baths. Posi-
tive cure for rheumatism, asthma. Wonderful
waters for liver, kidney and all stomach trou-
ble?. Swimming pond, orchestra Fare $9 re-
turn trip. Electric lights. Housekeeping cot-
tages. Arsenic beauty baths. Rates $10 to $12
per week. Raths anrf amusements free. H. H
McGOtVAN. prop., Selgler, Lake Co., Cal.
1=*T .UE
Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Music every' evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAN, MIdlake P. O.. Luke Co.. Cal..
or call oa Dr. Happersberger. 110J Market. S. w'
LAKES
Hotel EL CARMELO
Pacific Grove. California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside ,wlth home comfort*.
The-olace lo spend your vacation with your
ramlly. - Surf v bathlnc nnd llshlng. Rates
with board $- 50 a day upward, ch-aper than
titaylng home. S«nd for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDY. Manajrer.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hoflolta!; best equipped en Coast: mol-
j era improvements; large treatment rooms;
Ideal location; 5 Va acres; one block from street
cars: write for literature. San Joge. Cal..
'M', VICHY SPRINCS
j Three miles from Ukiah. Mendoclno County.
! Natural electric waters, champagne, baths.
. Lovely grounds: fishing and hunting: crystal
spring; accommodations and table first c1*m.
J. A. REDEMEYER. Proprietor.
*
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 15. Two miles from HopUnd.
Fine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per we,ek.
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health, and pleasure 1
resort Is now , open for the patronage of the
public Address -. JOHN JACOBS.
"TUXEDO HOT; EL.
Extensively Improved , since" .'last season.
Opensd /fj!.ril 1. THOS. L. BELL, Mgr.. Keltc.a.
CaL Buy tickets to Tuxedo, - narrow-gauge,
toot bf Market street. Round trip, $3.00.
Highland
Springs
Has More Distinctive Points That Ap-
peal to Those Going- to the Country
s Than Any Other Eesort. _
THE VARIETY AND EXCELLENCE
OF THE BATHS AND MINERAL
WATERS; the many amusements —
dancing:, swimmingr. tennis, bowling, cro-
quet, shuffleboard. etc.; a fine three-piece
orchestrar; the shady grounds: electric
lights; good table; plastered rooms;
dairy; livery stable, etc, prove this, j
Terms, $10.00 up.
For booklet and rates address
H. R. DUFFIN, 638 Market St.,
or CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Spring's, Lake Co., Cal.
, \
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs San Lu ' s al 0bJspo -
The . most ideal resort for pleasure and
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round ;
trip ticket from San Francisco to San !
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. Sun Luis
Obispo. Cal.. and return. Including" etag-
to and from sprinss and one week"*
board for 9^O.OU to 92U.OO, according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations ?J).0O to IMU.OO per week.
Scenic surroundlncs. free bathing. j
boating and fishing on grounds. Fine I
*hady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for guests. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table Is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Lul» Obispo at 3:13 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or sanatorium.
PARAISO SPRINGS
Monterey County, CaJ. . :
The mo»t popular sanitary and health ,
resort in California. Completely renovated
and improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
pa«slnxly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur baths, large
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet axid particulars to „ F. W.
9CHROEDER, Manager, or PECK"S IN-
FORMATION. BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
HOTEL ROWARDENN AN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
"BEN LOMOND— Santa Cruz County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Opened May IS under entirely bjw man-
agement. Round trip trickets from San Fran-
cisco $3 For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery St.. S. F.. or to WILLIAM O.
DODGE. Les«ee.\
Harbin Springs
Mcst desirable In Lake Co.; contains sulphur.
Iron, magnesia and arsenic: wonderful cures of
rhiurrmtlsro. catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles: new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and billiard-room. Acetylene gaa
plant, livery, homo datiy, fine vegetable garden.
Rcund trip tickets. S. P. office.' 17. J. A.
HAYS, Proprietor.
CAMP VACATION.
HotM under canvas on the Russian River
below Guernevllle In a trove a mile and a half
lone, sklrtlnc the river: tennis courts: 40 new
boats; will build a dam In the rivr; 4 miles
of smcoth water for boating and bathing.
Adult* $2 per day. $10 per week: children
under 10 half rate*. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1. Address MKS. L. C. CNO-
PIUS. Caran Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County. Cal.
KLAMATH SPfi!NGs7
Beswtck. Slrklymi County, California.
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral tprtRgs. Information at
Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.. or *t J.
MARTEXS. Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
_._.„„__' Menlo Park, one hour from
llnl T TPO clt >- Nine trains daily. Pfr-
H III I I \ feet climate; beautiful place;
II VI I I U comfort and quiet: excellent
table.
Addrera W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. HolU' a School.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved: 1000 feet altitude: no
fog; climate delightful: large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot, cold baths; spring water: cement
swimming tank. 40xt>0. Rates $S week up; stage
meets train. Schuler & Scheben. Napa. Cal.
JOHANMSBERc!
New hotrl; modern conveniences: large, airy
dining-room; hunting, llshtng. swimming, boat-
ing/- $10 and $12 cer week. THEO. ULANCK-
ENBURG JR..' Prop.. Otkvllle. Napa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery gt.
Ijpip&fe} X E IN X S ;
Awning*. Hammock*, i
fafciqjwfuyfft^^j W. A. PiUMMEB.
Ttrl. Main 540. Mi Clay at.
EO FOR CAMP MEftZZB! NSW ENGLAND HO.TJE!
Located in a beautiful grove close to the
lake- fine playground for the children: ewlr.gs»
croiuet bowline and tennis, boating and lath-
Ing pavilions with pianos, fresh frcKs In
Plenty Board and lodging, only $6 to $7 . er
week. Address OEORGE HARISON. Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County.
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
Under tww manaceinen*- Up to date. Beau*
tiful grounds Running xtream and pond with
cood flufcltiE. Playgrounds (or children, i^ree
carriage meets all trains. J. D. CELLA. Mgr.
LA HONDA AND PSSCADERO
Buy yout railroad ticket to Redwood City; o
a. m train 3d and Townsend. and 0:20 a. m.
train from San Jose connect with stage* direct.
I Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City.
CaL ¦ - ¦
DCDfiCHEIM Delightfully situated la the
OCftuJllEliil Santa Cms Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $8 per week. For particulars address O.
F. B1EDENWEG. R. D. 121, Santa Crui. Cal.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Bartlett does not claim to be a
cure-all, but at least 90 per cent of
the rjeople who visit Bartlett Springs
have been cured or greatly benefited.
If you would enjoy a vacation in
the midst of health and pleasure,
come to
BARTLETT SPRINGS,
Drink of its life-griving waters,
breathe the pure mountain air. and
find enjoyment in music, dancing,
bowling, swimming, riding, driving,
fishing, hunting, playing croquet,
lawn tennis, shufHeboard. etc.
Housekeeping cottages, J3.00 to
$6.00 per week.
Write J. E. McMAHAN. Bartlett
Springs. Cal.. or call at 2 Sutter
Street, San Francisco.
The steam baths at
AETNA SPRINGS
Will drive all impurities
out of your body. And
the mineral waters will
send you home a new
person. Try them, they
may be what you need.
Just send for booklet.
Aetna Springs Co., Nap'a
County, Cal.
Santa Gatalina Island
3H Hours From Los Angeles. Season 1904.
Oor Famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain goat, sailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and the finest fishing on the
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tents at reason*
able r&tes.
Hotel Metropole",
Modern !n all particulars.
For further Information address
PECKS INFORMATION BUREAU. 11
Montgomery St.. cr BANNING CO.. 222 S.
Spring st., Lo* Angeles.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADA7VIS
is finished.
Every one knows that Adams water cures
stomach, liver and kidney diseases.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars writ* to W. R. PRA-
THER.
LAUREL DELL,
Tbc Switzerland of America.
THE ROBSON ORCHESTRA COMPANY
and DR. MONROE CALLENDER will furnish
the best music ever played at any resort In
the State. Boating, swimming, marine tobog-
gan, mineral springs, new livery. EDGAH
DCRNAN. owner and proprietor. Laurel Dell
P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
If. B. B. B. TOCf\l~O/V\f\ MtrlnC«.
Bertrand Hotel: flrtt- class accommodation!;
special rates for famtliee and D&rtiea: flfhlng.
hunting, boating, bathlnc; beautiful drives to
B«ar Valley: telephone. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND. or BulUtln Office, every Thursday. 2
to 4 p. m.
"Tusoeim
Mineral Springs.
O?EK EYEBT SAT 121 TKOS YEAS.
TO WHOM IT MAT COXCEItN: A year «n«f
thrt« months ago I was attacked with that
terrtb:« dt*?asr. locomotor ataxta. Power to
balance. »tand. or even «lt down, entirely lost.
Two beat doctors cf San Francisco and Hot
Sprlr.ir*. Ark., failed to help me. My »tom-
aeh. bonrela and k.:ii .-.->« f3:l?d to work. I bad
catsrrh r,f ytomach head and bladder as a re-
mit of the dise&se; these troubles became
chronic. At times ray heart wouM beat like *
drum, my #yes grew weak my memory bad.
my nerves wrecked. Three mor.t'.is a*o I went
to Tu*<-an Eprlnsrs. "What hapreneil »lac« waa
a rleasar.t surprise to me. Dran* the watera.
took th» b.ith« — aft»r three weeksi" treatment
stomach, bowels, bladder and kidneys In per-
fect condition, eycaignt perfect, netvousne**
pone, memory good. After three months' treat-
ment. waik«?d without a care, with eye* closed
an<S up and down steep hills; am cured of thl»
dread 'Ji»ease. now walk with slight Imp.
Have run store* in seventeen tovrns of th»
State of CalUornia: am well known In down-
town district? o» Pan Francisco: Inquiry ther»
will prove truth of my he:pless condition threw
months a»o. Further Information. addr«««
LOt'IS JACOBS. 8 Stockton it.. San Francisco.
Cal.
We have hundreds of testimonials from
others. Send 50c In stamps for bottle "f
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round- trip tickets
a: reduced rates. Southern Pacific.
TUSCA.1 MINERAL SPRIGS CORP.,
Tuscan. Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWE TERN R Y
I'fti tqre. c q:k >o t* or - **i ptw a
ROU:>D TRIP TICKETS
FOU THE
FOURTH OF* JULY
Vfia be sold frcm SAN FRANCISCO to t!»*
Po!nt3 Named
AT GEEATLY REDUCED BATES. U
Pellets:
FBTOAT SATrBDT STTITOAT MO2T3AT
JSJI.V 1. JXTI.T 2. TUJ.Tr 3. JUI.T 4.
Round Trip.' Kucnd Trip.
Brickyard $ .;5K»aJdsburg $::.*»
Ml!l?rs TSJI.yttoo :{.«'»
St. Vincent 73,Gey*«rvllle 3.S3
Ignacij !>J'Pre ; «toa 5.0«i
N'o\-ato I. l.i>6 Fountain 5.rtt>
Uurdell 1.1'OHcpiand 5.0O
Petaluma 1.50 L'kiah 5.00
Penn Grove 1.9" (?alp«lla 3.5*»
Cotati 1.50 Redwood Valley... S.*>
Fanta Rosa -'>-« LaughUn «.«>
Pebastopol 2.40 Rldsewood K.<M|
Fulton 2.5o\Vlllit» « 00
Windsor 2.1*3 Sherwocd S.CO
R£TT7SN XXXIT, TUESDAY. JTCT 5,
lSKHu
FOR THE SUMMER S2ASQH — SDSdal Eat S
Round Trip.l Round Trip.
Cloverdale '.f\ >~V Sonoma $1.30
Prestcn 3.20;V«raiio l.«<O
Echo S.3<>JBoyes l.»>3
Cummiskey 3.7k a gua Callente ... l.«3
Pleta «.20jV;atriM J.63
Fountain S.^i,Madrcn« l.«5
Hcplaod C«O,E!dridKe 1.73
Largo 7.<-0.i;ien Ellen l.S<>
V:i Rob!e3 7.311' Meacham ««. . . 2.3<>
LTklah &.(¦&, Olivet 2.3<>
Calpella S. 30 Trenton 2.5O
Redwocd Vatf'y... S.>r«^orestvtlle 2.3O
Laushlin D.OOjillrabe! Park 2.3O
Ridgewood 10-OOOreen Valley ....2.3«>
WilliU lO.fjO Hlltcn -• 2.50
Sherwood I2.r.o Korbel 2.30
Srbellvl!le l.'^S Guernertlle 2.SO
Vin*yar«i 1.33'Cansp Vacation .. 2.5O
Bucna Vista 1.43; .
EJETirBN I.IMIT. SSPTXMBE* 30. 1904.
TAKE BOAT AT TXBTJK02T 7ESXT.
Ticket O.noe. fc30 Market st. <Cbrontcl«
bui!d:ns>. and Tiburon Ft>rry. foot of Market
st. General Offlea*. Mutual Life Building. San-
some and California sts.. San Francisco.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Jiamser. da. Pa»3. Agent
Take county
New. comfortable carriages direct to th»
most picturesque portion of California. Beat
equipped stage lln- in the State. Leav«a Calls-
tcsa dally (Sundays except»d) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin. Seijl^r. Adams. Howard. Aa-
derjcc. IIcber;s. Spier*. Astorss and Glea-
brook: half bour for lunch at CaMstoga: also ti»
Mid£!etowa. Lower Lake. KelaeyvlU* aa4
Lakeport. Livery in connection.
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting. Cshtaa*.
boating, launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room warm »oda geyser In bethhou««. crub-
hcuse. etc. Increased accommodations, moders
con .-er.ier.ces. Scenery unsurpassed Tab'.e %
specialty. Rates per week. |!0 to $13. Pbotoa
and Information at ClmSeld £ Vlnxent'i. 229
Montgomery st.. or LEE D. CRAIG. Manager.
Soda Bay. Kelsey villa P. O.. Lake Co.. C»L
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cnu Mountain*. •
Notv cpen. For booklet «PPly to Peek"* Bureau.
11 Montgomery, or S. P. Tr.. 613 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. Cat.
LAKEPOP.T AND BARTLETT SPRINCS
STAGE LIXE — Hooland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for L*k»port
ani Dartlett Springs. Stages connect wlta
•rains at Hocland. Leare Hopland at 12:30;
arrive at Lakscort at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New «- horse U-passer jer
tourl«t wagons, with all the most modern ln»-
•.roverr.onu. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
!«tt springs, call for tickets by Earttett SPrinx»
«taze Line. Tickets can be purchased at ofnc*
of California N. W. Ry.. 630 Market at. o»
at Tlburon ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Prcpa.
»
fflUTE StJUPHTXIt SPEIITGS, V*Ut}4,
r a i Most ai-cessiDle iprings to siaa Francisco.
round trto $1. no stage fare: cniy 2H hours'
ride' 3 miles from Valleja; hot. cold an.l
plun'xe «ulphur batha: wonderful cure* of rheu-
matism. nturaleia. «»w. kldnsj- Hrer an«
stomach lilseases. Beautiful grounda and l**»
for boatln* and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowlinK alley and shuffle board. Rataa,
: jii' a we<>k. lr.clu.1in; baths. Address MAS-
, UEL MADRID. Vall»Jo. CaL
OVTS In mountains CAM?
STTWfiZEK HOME of Sonoma Co. MSEXE3I
Pure water, equable climate, lota selling $:<J
up- cottages' built by Meeker. $o«> up; depot:
stores- rcKtaurant: hotel: post and express :
telephone: sawmill: CCO lots sold: 30O cottag»s
built Sausalito ferry. ¦ N. B. R. R. M. C
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
GRAND CEJTTRAIi KOTEX* Gu«rn^«
vllle Cal. — New management: thoroughly !»•
ft-ted and Improvrd. Headauartera for huntera
< and fishers. Rates S3 and (10 a week. A4-
d T r*s F. PLATH. OufrnevlUe. Cat.
OCCIDENTAL HOTEL, HATWAMS,
i Flrst-cUss r»»ort: tennis, croquet, bowlin*.
i amusement ball. etc. Special rau* to famliiss.
1 Terms leaMBabi*. A. GaUDARD. Pros., phoae
j Black HI. .^
WILLOW RANCH, deltghtfully Iocmt«d la
red weeds S miles from Santa Crua. Spring
water milk, excellent table; dally mall;
fi»«f conveyance: *7 w*«k: phon* Suburban 87.
MRS..W. CRAVDELI* Santa. Crqa. OU.
SCSAETES S OaOVE— -BOSS TALLBT.
Private boarding: terms reaaonaWe. Tea-m
\ rr.4f:.« Sunday morning trains. Addreaa UK*
MATT LINDSAY. Rosa Station.
; sxvessxse noTEit &&a cottaoes
_N-ar beach: SO «cr«-s beautiful grounds: sp—
dal rates to famines: write for booklet, t.
B ARSON. Proprietor. SantA Cru«-
BE1LETCE HOTEL. EX Vsraao. So*
noma Co.. Cai Ter»aa. $1 day and »p; hoi
mineral *prirgs near by. Lon« dlstanc* tel*.
phooe; daily roaU. JOHN SERRES. ProprUtor
i COTJimtT BOABOD-i-Orchard. , garden
'¦ Dciiltry cowa comfortable home. Jkddresi
MAXZANA FARM. Redwood City. -
I DE LA ROZA resort/ Santa Cnu Mountain*
i cottages and tents for light hous**e«ptaf o
I canplnr. A. J. GIBBS. Ugr.. Glbba, Cal
:¦: '*^L-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; TUESDAY,- JUNE 28, 1904.
12
DENTISTS.
A* NEW plate — The w!Talebon»^<>nnot 'break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; .full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the
Grant building, 1095 Market. 2d floor; all
flrst-class dentistry at low prices.
ALL work warranted by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins, Mgr., 969 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.l4,lst
floor. Phelan bid.. S06 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns,$2 up; fllllngs,25c,
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.HewItt.204 Suttr.
, SPIRITUALISM.
MRS^ J. J. WIHTNEY^ ' ~" ''"""' "'"**
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
1200 Market St., Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 10c7~610
McAllister. All private readings dally, 700
Central ave.. Beventh-st. station, Alameda.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances ev. night
except gat.; 10c; sit. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth st.
'• CLAIRVOYANTS.
ASSURED Success for You.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for -
$1 II »1 $1 $1 $1 . $1 $1
No charge— No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In Ban Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I tell
you If husband, wife or lover Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry, how to gain
the love of the one you deelre: in fact, I will
tell you every hope, ffar or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; his advice le re-
liable, his powers are wonderful and Indis-
putable: he Improves your character so that
you will reach the highest possible develop-
ment In mental ard bodily vigor, health,
happiness and caoaclty to earn wealth: th?
controlling power Implanted In your nature,
so you can control any one secretly: gives
advice on mining and buried treasure; gives
you success In life: he guarantees you suc-
cess or charges nothing for hla services. 10
a. m. to 8 p. m.; closed Sunday.
326 O'Farreir street— 326.
. „ MYSTERIOUS POWER.
' *1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
; ELLSMERE. Egyptian seer, clairvoyant.
Educated by adepts of India.
Never before have you consulted one
; _ So fully endowed with psychic power.
! Call, be convinced. Trouble and doubt leave you.
The Greatest Clairvoyant
"Tells your full name and occupation;" whom
• and when you will marry; mining (Halms, lost
veins located; advises Investment; business;
law. love, divorce, partners, changes. Journeys,
1 without asking questions; removes spells, evil
Influence, hastens marriage; controlling power
¦ Implanted in your nature; teaches personal
magnetism, develops mediums, clairvoyants,
etc. 100Tn Market st. . Mall $2; offlce, $1.
Also open Sundays, 10-8. Write for Govlnda
Suttay Hindoo Belt. Particulars free. Orient-
al Talisman. Adepts wear them. All letters
answered, confidential.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE AVONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS $1.
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised promise.
He Is acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true teponent of the occult science: for
overcoming trouble, bad luck. Ill health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries, would
It not be a relief to know bow you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who Is permanently located at
423 Eddy st.' lady attendant.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crye-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to S.
ISMAR, Egyptian oeeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Offlce hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader: when others fall try me; good readings
25c. 721 Franklin. nr.Q.G.ave. Tel.Larktn 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 835 Howard. bet-4th&5th.
MHS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. 23H
Sixth st.; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 444 >4 Jessie st.. bet. Cth and 6th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c.
• gents 50c. . 051 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. ODELL returned: clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts; readings daily. 917 Market i>t.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader. Ladies, 25c;
gents, 50c. 645 Minna st.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st. '
EUUCATIONAL.
E. R. AYRES, founder and manager of Ayres
Business College for 14 years, 'has returned
to take, active management;'- bookkeeping,
shorthand, typewriting; $5 a month; life
b:hol?rship $50; day and evening. Bancroft
building, 723 Market st. .'- ¦
A BIGGER school than ever! On June 1 — e
moved to new fireproof building 738 Mission
St., between Third and Fourth ;¦ more space:
finer rooms: better light: finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— THE Paul Orson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A — METROPOLITAN BUSINESS COL. and
Academy, C02 Van Ness; flnds employment;
day, ev'g; Dr. Smith of Cat. Bus. Col. with
' na. R. H. WEBSTER. Pres.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. 8.
F. — Bockkeeplng, sjiorthand. touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S ma
HEALD'S School of Mines A Electriclty.24 Post
¦ si.. 8. F.; a practical school of engineering;
- complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING — Adults. Mon. and Frt. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5: priv. lessons dally. Flnd-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and 7 Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. :nln.. mech.. sur-
vey. assay. .cyanide; day. ev.: est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
JAPANESE language by a Japanese gentle-
man; conversation, reading, writing. Apply
box 1169. Call offlce.
KENT Law School, day and night; 13th year;
send for particulars. 537 Parrott building.
AF.ITHMETIC. algebra.bookkeeping.shorthand;
day, eve. Western Bus. College. 1107 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. . Sixth.
. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES/
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
• supplies best help promptly; city or country.
- 8. 1MURA. 839 Sacramento. • Tel James 5261.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chlntse help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton-
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. ; tel Bush 85!).
LARKIN, 418B — Best Japanese help for.house-
c'.eanlng: charges reasonable; tel. Sutter 1056.
' RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab 20 years
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WA1VTED--FRMA LE»!~
RELIABLE-" middle-aged. German womar
wishes a .Dosltlon in family: do good plain
ccoklrg, general housework; $20; no mall.
Call from 9 to 4 at 506 Fourth st., nr.Brjrau:.
A YOUNG Swedish girl, Just out from Sweden,
wishes a place ; general ' housework; wages
$15. -650 Folsom'st.' ; • .
JIELP WAXTED— MALE — Continued.
1 MURRAY & READY. Phone Mala 534*
««4 and 636 Clay st. 5S4S phone Mi !a .
-.eading Employment and Labor A-sntv
t SPANISH— GERMAN— FRENCH,
'. ' ITALIAN — SWISS — GREEK.
NEVADA STATE— 8 HOURS.
Government work — Free fare.
S65 teamsters. $2 to $2 50 a day.
Drillers, hammermen, etc., $<5 to $90.
Special shipment of one passenger car to-^ay
ARIZONA— FLORENCE— ARIZONA.
; 105l> miles— $10 50.
2 special passengers dally over Santa Fe.
- 2555 men wanted.
1 Drillers rockmen. teamsters, laborers, etc.
*2. J2 50. $.1 to $3 50 day.
" SOUTH— 100 MILES— $* Ofi— SOUTH.
* 555 teamsters, you' 11 suit. $00.,
'. TO THE LUMBER.
65 laborers, no experience needed, $6f*; «-
teamster. $50 found: head donkey man. $ v>
t found: 2 carriage setters: 10 Scandinavia?.
laborers, sawmill co., $HO; screw turr.er*.
hook tenders, edgermen, logger who un : ¦-.
' stands rigging, $CO found: shingle packer*,
cutoff sawyers, molder. sticker hand, c;
sawyer run boring machine, $2.
i _______
OTHER TRADESMEN.
* 18 horseshoers, all-round blacksmiths a-i
helpers, city, country Jobs. $4. $¦', 50. $.;,
*_ 5O day.
Sticker hands. $4.
; IS coopers slack work, north and soutn.
1 ;• sash and door hands, $3 to $3 60 day.
4 plumbers. $4 day.
195 WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKER3
LABORERS. TEAMSTER3.
* 83 ecraper and wagon teamsters. $2 25 4jjr
1 and found.
1*54 laborers, all over California, some In Saa
'• Francisco, $2 and $2 50 a day.
91 haymakers, all over State, f 1 50 day „_
3 harvest hands, sack sewers, pitchers, e::.,
$2 a day and found.
2 farm hands, Mendocino County, $30 and fi
19 teamsters, extra good Jobs. $1 50 a.ai $2 «
day and found
DAIRYMEN, STABLEMEN.
64 milkers, extra good Jobs; come see; %Z\
$40 and* found.
1» stablemen, city and country Jobs. $75. $00
$¦13 and found.
4,s choremen and boys, different Jobs, $35 ar.l
$30.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 C"_y st.
MILKER and wife. Northern Cal., $50 and fi.
4 farmers and wives. $50, $60. $70 and founiT
Ml/RRAY & READY, 6^l-«J38 Clay »t.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Tama!« maker. $40 and found.
12 cocks, different places. $:!0 to $65 and ««..
9 waiters, different places. $30 to ItO and fi.
27 dishwashers, $25, $C0. $:S5 and found.
Porters, bell and elevator boys, pantrymen.
MURRAY & READY. 604-636 Clay st.
IRONER. fare $1. $12 week.
Mangle hand, fare $1, $10 week.
20 laborers for sawmill, no experience needed.
Plasterer, Marin County, $4 a day.
20 laborers and teamsters. Nevada: free far*.
10 machine miners, grold mine. $90.
Boss woodsman, north, see boss here, $30 fi
3 men to make stakes an.l split staves, re-i.
wood; large firm, boss here; $50 and found.
8 painters, city, $2 50 day.
4jar.gr edgerman. sawmill, $75.
Walter, mine. $25 and found.
Tallyman, lumber company, $40 found.
Fireman and oiler, small mines, south, $23
found.
Lumber grader, sugar pine, $3 day.
OTHERS.
Butcher, country shop. $40 and found.
' 3 waiters, Monterey hotel. $30 and found.
4 carpenters, ranch, fare $1, $40 and found.
Carpenter, cabinet or stairbuilder, $4 50 day.
5 handy men to build barns, sheds ar.l
fences, lumber company, $75.
Wheelwright, carriage works, $3 day.
Casting chipper, country foundry. $2 25 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay at.
SPECIALS.
Brick setter, country, $3 50 day.
MINE.
BOSS HERE.
Choreman and wife. German or French, in
boss here. $6O and found.
OTHERS.
Blacksmith, north, .«teady, $3 day.
Foreman, l.iundryman. $1S week.
Buggy washer, country stable, $40 found.
Slaughter butcher, ranch. $JO and found.
WOODCHOPPERS.
¦MINE COMPANY.
25 men to chop wood for a big mine co.. toc?s
and provisions furnished. 300O cords to ba
cut: this is a go"d layout.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MIDNIGHT PHONE TELEGRAM
MAIL— SPECIAL ORDBR3.
Shi-trle saw flier. Sonoma Co., $_ 50 day.
2 lumber graders. bo»s at our offlce, $.1 day
Sticker hand, city job, S.t 50 to $t ctay.
Light wagon teamster. 1 horse know city
$2 a day.
4 carpenter-, fare $1 .".0, $3 50 day
2 carpenters, fare $1 50. $;: 50 day
2 boys, deliver circular?, city $G week.
Plumber, fare 10c $1 day.
Blacksmith. Memloclno Co. $3 day
Plain painter, city Job $2 day.
LOOK.
Youn- man. tend bar, wait at table coun-
try, $25 found.
Walter. 00c fare. $00 and found
Waiter. $1 75 fare. $S week.
Waiter, plain place, fare $1 25. $.10 f O un1
Walter. Fresno County. $10 and found.
Saloon porter. ' city hotel. $25 anil foun.1.
i Cashirr. city restaurant. $40 and found.
Icecream maker, run soda fountain. $15 wfc.
Man and wife, ranch, fare $2 CO, *asy job
$50 and found.
2 men. bottle and label hepr. country $2 day
Baker's helper, city. ?30 and found "'
Butcher, ranch, southern town, $50 found.
LOOK.
Laundrjman. springs hot?l. $T.5 to tin M.
Foreman laundryman. fare $1. $16 to $1S wk.
Man for second-hand furniture, country stor»,
$60 to $10O.
LOOK.
Engineer, ranch, also tend refr|-»ratiri2
plant, do own firing, fare $1 60, $4 day M.
Driver, bakery wagon city. $.10 and fount
Man run separator. 15 cans, boss here. $33
and found.
Man wash bottle soda water. $25 found.
MURRAY & READY, 604 and £36 Clay st.
MILKER and separator man, $,"J5 and found;
stableman, company work. $55; teamsters,
*."0 monthly and $2 50 day: plain carpenter.
$.T day: port»r and warehouse man. $50: car-
riage setter. $05 and board; woodsmen. $U> to
$65 r.nd board: man about place. $U."» arvl
found; laborers about mill. $2 5O day: Mack-
smith; 2 blacksmith helpers $30 and $:»5 ani
board, and others. J. F. CTIOSETT & CO.,
t'2S Sacramento st.
BUTLER. $15 and found: porter for sprir*".
$25 and found; boardlng-hcuse cook. $13:
cook and wife for laborers' boarding-tioas*.
$6O and" found: baker, country shop. $!- ani
found anj Increase; tinker's he!r«r •"'•
and found: waiters and^ others. J. F CRO-
SETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento st.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
602 Clay st. — Phone James 2t76.
20 teamsters. $2 25 to $2 5O day.
1 milker. 26 cows. $35 month and found.
10 pick and shovel men. $2 day.
Teamsters and laborers for Nevada.
Full fare returned after ten days' work.
\
WANTED — Solicitor to canvass for bookbind-
ing, printing and offlce supplies; must N»
familiar with the buslress and have «uf-
flcient knowledge of the requirements f>
take orders intelligentry. F. MALLOYE. 42_
Sacramento st.
, WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Corresponrt-
ence Institute. Grant bid-.. 1095 Market st.
ALL ' \" "
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required; positions secured: con-
stant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalcgu^ mailed free
MOHLER SY3TKM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters home
overlngs. $9 50 week; srnd addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. S 4.
Box 1411. Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED—A ycuns man about 18 years old
for stock clerk: references required. Call at
STRAUSS & FROHMAN'S. 107 Post st.
RELIAELE man, nell good3 and collect; pays
gocd —ages. Call to-day. 1113 Market St..
room 1.
BARBER, steady, for Wedrwsday and Friday
night, Saturday from 1. Corner Twenty-
ninth and Church sts.
STEADY, sober man to help around restau-
rant; German rref erred. S05 Mission St.;
call »arly.
SALOON porter. Fountain Saloon. 1 Geary st.,
downstairs.
ONE-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap. 390.1
Eighteenth st.
"WANTED — First class upholsterer at 715
Howard st.
CASH boys wanted. Apply at S JT. WOOD
& CO.'S. 740 Market st.
WANTED — Good barber; steady Job 7_3
Fourth St., San Rafael; tel. Red 6S0.
YOUNG man expert. In butcher business able to
cut, take orders. J". Frank. 4th ave.&Cl?ment.
GOOD opportunity for » bright boy~~to leam
trade. Excelsior Glove Co.. 415 Market st.
WANTED — Man to work around plac*. UKJ
Harrison st.
TR ? .£ ur "•-'• »hoea. union made, at It and
?1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay"
express cr mall charges, u 34 it.. Exam. M4.
FLATS TO LET — Contlnaed.
. CLIPPER, 512%-Upper flat 7 rooms and
bath; modern. Apply 512 Clipper st.
DEVIS^DERO 729. corner Fulton — EJeB _ L ,_ t
I sunny flatT7 room, and bath: rent reasonable.
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms; rent 514. 714 Na-
; toma St.. near Ninth.
: FILLMORE. 1124— 7-room flat; modern; rooms
j all light; rent reasonable. ,
I HAYES, 082. cor. Buchanan— Nice »«««'
6 rooms and bath: modern improvements.
: LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
; on LYON - HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.j4___
NEW eunny lower flat; 5 rooms;
: room. 1953 Lyon St.: owwer cleans entrance,
! NEW modern 5-room flat; sun all day; reason-
able'. 1U59 Broderlck St.. near Turk.
i SACRIFICE— Flat. 8 large sunny rooms; new
furnishings; nice location. «53 fcday si.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3075. «»_>_2_*_^^i__
rooms, bath; large yard. Madison & Durke.
$1S— FLAT of 4 rooms; no children. 2 Martha
place, near Geary and Taylor sts.
FLATS TO LET — FCU.MSHED.
' HAIGHT. 125*8. Buena Vista, cor. Central ave.
—Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished:
house has all conveniences and 1_ situated In
¦ select neighborhood.
MODERN furnished Cat; can be rented at a
bargain for a short term. Apply » »«* Pi"* st -
STEINKR 1.^27. <-or Ellis— Sunny furnished
flat; 5 rooms, bath, etc.; newly renovated; $35.
FLATS FOR SALE — FCnXlSHED.
FOR sale, cheap; lower flat 6 rooms completely
furnished: large yard, with chickens, pigeons
and garden: rent $11. For particulars call at
premises. 265^4 Clementina St., between 9
a. m. and 4 p. m. ; no dealers. : ->
FURN1TURE 6-room flat for sale; rent $22 50;
sunny. I Call 1004^ Dolores st.. near 23d.
A BEAUTIFULLY furnished 7 roomed flat for
sale: desirable locality. Box S7». Call offlce.
FKll.MTlIt- FOR SALE.
YOU can buy $75 worth* of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 310 Pest St.. near Powell.
Andersen Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market.
furnishes everything for the house; low prices
FURNITURE of 8 rooms for sale. Box 852.
Call office.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Earger. 4.T.I Valencia. nr.ltith.T^I. Church SS79
FUKXITt'nK WAXTEP.
aIbiTlevy]
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't st-11 your furniture, carpets, offlce fur-
rlture, etc , until you get his estimate.
WANTED — To buy a folding bed in good con-
dition. Address box 1029. Call offlce.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture.carpetg.etc. 7!<2 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
HELP WAXTED FEMALE.
WANTED — First-class Protestant cook, n'
wash, $35; cook, small country hotel, $30
German cook, country hotel. $tr>: neat girl
general housework. Alameda. $30; Germai
or Scandinavian girl, general housework, ro
wash. $.'1O; 000k for dairy help, $30; Germai
or Scandinavian girl. 3 in family, genera
housework, $30; cook, delicatessen store. $.''.0
girl for general housework, San Mateo. $30
cook 4 In family on farm $TO; girl for gen
eral housework 3 In family, on farm. $25
1C. girls, general housework. In city, $20. $25
$•'50; North German nurse and seamstress
$25; kitchen helper, assist dining room dell
cateesen store. $_.": dining room and tray glr
for sanitarium. 525; chambermaid and wait
ress. country hotel. $25: « waitresses, coun
try hotels and resorts. $25, $30: second girl
San Rara»l. $25. Apply to J. F. CROSET1
&. CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A — WANTED — Girls to 1-am hairdresslng
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to 2
in 2 wefkr; tuition $5 to tho«g entering now
3 positions to fill immediately; position:
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In Wtst. 2TM Geary St.. room 13.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home evenings or spare time and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing; $3 weekly
earned: materials free. Enclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co.. No.
S4 Ninth st., Philadelphia, Pa.
A — GntLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; position as. trimmer*,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at S10 per wk.up;
day and evening class. 14.'{ Stockton St., r. 13.
Hairdressln— . manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $5 2
wks.; day, eve. class; positions secured, highest
wages. Removed from 12.-J6 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
YOUNG girl with parents learn X-ray and
chemical work* no pay for six months. Box
2C10. Call of Re?.
WANTED — Young girl for general housework
for Mill Valley. Apply this morning. 170:t
Geary St.
FINISHERS; also apprentices on vests. 23O'_
Ninth st., opp. Clementina.
YOUNG girl with parents learn X-ray and
chemical work; no pay for elx months. Box
2610, Call offlce.
WANTED — Girl, or middle-acred woman: gen-
eral housework: small family. W. M
HOSTLER. Elmhurst.
A COMPETENT cloak and suit saleswoman
wanted who undtrstands the business. Ad-
¦ dress Cloaks, bcx 1340. Call offlce.
WANTED— German girl, general work family
of 4 adults. 2212 Channlng way Berkeley.
Dwlght-way station; fare refunded.
SERVICES of refined woman over 26; state
references and former occupation. Box 2625
Call office. '
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m.. Wednesday: salary no object.
GERMAN girl for general housework- small
family; no washing. 1427 Stelner st.
TWO lady solicitors of good appearance; bi_
money to right parties. Box 1273, CalL
TEN flrst-class lady barbers: new shop- good
wages guaranteed. SOU Mutual Bank bldg.
A PROFITABLE outing: pick hops In August
. Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery st..S.F]
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
HELP WAXTED 31ALB.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Emp. Offlce.
429 Bush st. 642 Clay st.
2 clerks for this offlce; one must speak lan-
guages.
Clerk, commercial hotel, who Is well ac-
quainted with commercial men, country $60
All around cook, springs, $00.
Second cook. Lake Tahoe, rate fare, $65
Second cook, summer resort, boss here. $60
Mangle hand. Lake Tahoe. rate fare. $25
Washer and Ironer, springs. $40.
Lunchman, city, ?40.
For Southern California, near Los Angeles.
For Nevada.'
Rate fare. 1 Rate fare.
Teamsters and laborers. $2.
For Nevada, Government work.
8 hours day. rate fare.
ConcretWmen. 52 50 day.
Headermen, J^immermen. drillers, $2 20 day.
Muckers, teamsters, laborers, $2 day.
Farmers, milkers, .*35 found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Emp. Offlce.
429 Bush st. 642 Clay st. '
AT- the California Employment Agency,
14 3d St., nr. Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.
United States Government work.
50 teamsters and laborers, $2 to $2 25.
Concrete -men and tunnelmen, $2 50 day
Fare refunded In 10 days.
Walter, near city \ $30 and found
SAWMILL CREW.
Gang edgerman, see boss here, $60 found
5 laborers, pile lumber, $40 found.
Board puller. $45 a month and board.
2 tall edgermen. $40 month and board'
2 second trimmermen. $40 month and board
1 offbearer, $40 a month and board
10- lumber pliers, $35 and board
10 Slavonian laborers, sawmill. $35 found
2 carpenters, near city. 8 hours. $4 day
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 14 3d St.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCX *
95 Third st. Telephone Main 5521.
Timekeeper. $50 to $75. experienced
Blacksmith, $2 75; year's work.
Stableman. $45 and found city "' ' •"?*
Man to care for eld man. $4 50 week. room.
Laborers for railroad. $2, free fare
Quarrymen, c|ty, $1 75. fee SOc.
Nevada, free fare: laborers and teamsters $2
¦ HORD & SMITH. '
WANTED— ThoroughlyTxperlenced silverware
and Jewelry man: must be a competent sales-
man; will pay liberal salary to right party.
Apply ; between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALS
BROS. < v.;f^:..«- -:;,
BBIPLOYBIEXT WAXTED — FEMALB.
I A — NURSE girl wants to ro to country; $15.
j 324 Mason St.; phone Black 2396.
. A — SECOND girl, strong and experienced,
wants a" position. 324 Mason st. ; phone Black
J 2396. ¦
1 A— WAITRESS, experienced, wants position;
city or country. 324 Mason St.; phone Black
J 2396. .
1 A— FIRST-CLASS hotel or restaurant cook
wants a position. 324 Mason et. ; phone Black
! 2396.
1 YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist In light
housework and care of baby. MISS J.
¦ DESMOND. 507 Mission st.
RELIABLE woman wants any kind of work
where she can take girl, 4% years; $5 to $10;
city or country. Address box 2673, Call.
» A COMPETENT woman wants situation;
housework: good cook and laundress; city or
! country. Box 2672, Call office^
. A SWEDISH woman wants work by the day,
washing or cleaning. Address by letter, C.
, S., 1169 Mission Et^ .
GERMAN laundress wants work for Wedne»-
1 day and Friday. Call 43.18 Army St., near
1 Diamond; phone Jessie 1780.
. A GOOD cook wants situation for downstair*
work; references If required. 2207 Vt Pine st.
, ANY kind of housework wanted by a reliable
woman. MRS. M.. 443 Golden Gate ave.
, A YOUNG woman, apod references, for laundry
work and house cleaning, sweeping; $1 50 a
day. Call 410 Franklin St., near Hayes.
A WOMAN wants work of any kind, whole or
half day. Address 326 Minna et.
A SITUATION for light housework n.'.d crok-
ing. Call 1018 Howard St.; no postals.
POSITION wanted by experienced stenog-
rapher and typewriter. Box 2667. Call.
A YOUNG girl lately landed wishes a place
to do housework. Call 610 Natoma st.
LADY wishes to care for two children; must
be of respectable appearance. Apply 136B
Twenty-eighth st.
WOMAN with a little child would like to do
general housework In a respectable family
of two people. Box 1232, Call office.
COMPETENT young woman wants position as
a lady's maid in the city or to travel. 2022
Flllmore st.. near California.
DRESSMAKER wishes" situation going out by
the day on plain- suits, alterations and re-
pairing; willing to go to country. 423 Grove.
A FATHER wants a place In the country for a
girl 14 years old to tend to child or assist In
light housework In exchange for her board:
n strict American family. Box 1128, Call.
WANTED — By a young. renned American
lady, Dosltlon to assist a lady with house-
work: sleep at home. Address L. B.. 1042
Larkln st.
LADY wishes position to act as housekeeper
for a co-operative gentlemen's club; good
cook; recommendations exchanged. Address
box 1229. Call office. Oakland.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day,
washing, ironing or sweeping; 51 50 per day
and car fare. Address box 1260, Call offlce.
A RESPECTABLE woman desires a position;
upstairs work or assist In general housework.
Call 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
EXPERIENCED cook wishes position in lunch-
house; no Sunday work. Box 2C02, CalL
YOUNG lady desires clerical position In offlce
or store. Box 1378, Call offlce.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOVMKXT WANTED — MALA.
RELIABLE gentleman wishes position In
wholesale hotJse preparatory to being travel-
* ing salesman; first-class references; 10 years-
experience In furniture line. Box 13SS, Call.
A GARDENER wishes position; thoroughly
competent In all branches of horticulture;. 8
yearsin last position; first-class recommenda-
tion. Box 1246, Call offlce.
4
COACHMAN wants situation: Is a good, care*
ful driver; Is sober and Industrious; willing;
bnst. city and country references. Box 2CU9,
Caiy offlce.
YOUNG man, well educated and reliable, with
knowledge of bookkeeping and business ex-
perience, wants position; references. Box
2654, Call offlce. ¦
THOROUGHLY experienced blacksmith and
horseshoer wants position. Address box 2666,
Call offlce.
COACHMAN and gardener wants situation In
private family: city or country; well recom-
mended. H. RICHENS. 214 Third St.. S. F.
YOUNG man, experienced cltj^ cashier, desires
situation as same or as offlce clerk; good pen-
man. Box 2665. Call offlce. •
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detaller, 18 years' experience mining, sta-
tionary, marine, power plants, etc.. wonts
position or work at home. Box 1168. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS, middle-aged man wants situ-
ation as porter In hotel or Institution; 5
years In last place; best references. R. K.,
box 1320. Call.
YOUNG couple without children desire two
housekeeping rooms within walking distance
of Call: sta'te full particulars. Box 1309,
Call otflce. ¦
BOOKKEEPER, Brut cla«s, desires an engage-
ment of 3 or 4 hours daily; competent to open,
close and systematize all elapses of accounts.
Box 1323, Call. j
SITUATION wanted by a steady married man
•f middle age and of good morals In a whole-
sale store;. speaks English and French. Ad-
dress box 1346, Call offlce.
CARPENTER, cabinet-maker, thoroughly expe-
rienced, good workman, understands his busi-
ness sober, steady, wants work; $2 75 a day.
Box 1384. Call offlce.
ENGINEER wishes steady work running boil-
ers, engines and dynamos; good mechanic;
long experience; good references. 316 Lang-
ten st., city.
BOOKKEEPER: thoroughly reliable man; 34;
best of characters and . references: bonds if
required at his expense. Box 2628. Call.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wishes position;
can furnish best of references. Address box
1227. Call offlce. . Oakland.
AN experienced Japanese wants position as
houseboy. E. I.. 1212 Point Lobos ave.
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position to do
half a day's work, any place In city. Ad-
dress R. E., 4151* Powell St.. city.
JAPANESE couple wants position; man is
good cook and wife for general housework.
F. FUJII, 539 Stevenson st.
JAPANESE girl wants housework and cooking;
E small family; city: wages $5 to $6 a week;
speaks English well. 321 Ellis et.
JAPANESE girl wants place as housework and
plain cook; postal answered. T. M., 639 Ste-
venson St.. city.
WANTED — Position by a flrst-class Chinese
cook: boarding-house or family. L J. M
1113 Clay st.; tel. Black V 3658.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our. free renting department; over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies:
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST.
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
i A — HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. , Cordes Furniture Co., 243-253
Geary St., on the square.
. (27 60. T "
NW. . CORNER: choice sunny 6-room upper
flat; corner Eighteenth and Hartford; near
Market and Castro.
- ¦ $27 qp. _^
NOE. 1050 — Beautiful new flat; sunny corner:
5 rooms and bath: all modern Improvements;
low rent; convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fourth st. cars. - :
CASTRO, 421. near Seventeenth— Sunny belt;
. latest Improved new pleasant sunny upper
flat, 11 rooms; convenient for two families;
CENTRAL f ave.. 71. near Haight— Cheapest
sunniest up-to-date flat. 6 large rooms and
j bath; must be seen to be appreciated; $28.
FOURTEENTH, 129B, cor. Shotwell— Sunny
corner bay-window flat of 6 rooms and
bath; $27 50. . ¦ . . -
FLAT to let; 69 Rausch.st.. 5 rooms and
bath; hot and cold water; stationary wash-
tubs; large cellar.
MINNA 735%. nr. 9th— Elegant bay-window
flat, six rooms. _ ri-
JOILN* D. SPKECKKLS Proprletoi
Address Communications to
JOHN* MeXArGHT. ....... .Manage
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manage!
IXXEPHONB.
Ask fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con
ncct You With the Department You Wish.
Publication "Orflce Market and Third, S. F
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 7
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms Uy lit!!. Including Postage (Cash Wltl
Order) :
niLY CALL Onclud. t-unday), 1 year... $8.0
I'AILY CALL Cisctod. .Sunday). 6 mos... 4.0
PAILY «\\LL — Fy Single Month 75c
BUKDAT CALL, 1 Vear 2.5"
1VEBKLT CALL. 1 Year 1.0
,-,_.-_.,_-. f Daily. ..fS.811 Per Year Extn
POSTAGE. 1 Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extn
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TC
RECm'E SUBSCRIPTIONS.
f-smple Copies -rill be forwarded when re
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordericc change of ad>
dress should be particular to give both NE'H
ANI» OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure 1
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
101* Broadway Telephone Main 106!
• BERKELEY OFFICE:
£148 Center Street Teleph&ne North T
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
CAMUEL W. WALL Hotel B_rtor
NEW TORK NEWS 6TANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 81
felon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel end Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Pherrr.sn House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
liitel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. <:EOr.GE KROGNESS.-Marquette Builfilni
(Lr.g Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bullfll_l
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. Ca"RLTON Herald Squan
BUSnCESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
Corner Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10TC5 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
S<:30 p. m.
sr;f> Hayen street: open until 8:80 p. m.
COO McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
?U' Lurkln street, open until 9:30 p. m.
1H41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2CU Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until
9 p. m.
IM Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
J0P6 Valtnefa street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
_200 Fi'.lmcre street; open until 9 p. m.
- MEETIXG NOTICES.
A SPECIAL session of Islam -»J> , ,-— -*
Temple. A. A. O. N. M. S.. iSCP_>^
will be held at Golden Gate _7*_r _
Hall THIS (TUESDAY) •vrftrfrv
EVENING at 8 o'clock for the /^£*^\
purpose of electing a delegate l/( \\
lc the Imperial Council and w. jw
action upon petitions. ~^. Jf
3. W. ANDERSON. Recorder.
' CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. Q
will m*rt THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- *_fV
IXG. June 25. at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. /V\
degree. By ordor of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
. GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO F. and _•
A. M. — Called meeting THIS (TUES- JV
• DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third
degree. By order of W M.
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
-ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A «
M— Special for work THIS nTES-VV
. . DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. i^A
m A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
UNITED Artisans" Assembly / _.»-__>«
No 200, meets in Red Men's /&1<K\.
Hall. 320 Post St.. EVERY A//\IR
TUESDAY at 6 p. m. Arti- 'Y /F Vti
rans. please attend. MRS \\+ /¦ \f»
JENNIE McE. GAI^ •W_7 7 ~\I
BREATH. Assistant Grand vV* ** X
Master. 4__tStJL^_ — —
SHELL MOUND Park. Berkeley. v «-» ,_,
MONDAY. July 4. 1904. the twen- ZV, >_ _T*
ty-th!rd grand annual gathering >\xSs
and games. Scottish Thistle Club. '*^E5 1 %
The greatest exhibition of Scottish and other
Kpcrt* ev»r before witnessed on this coast
participated In by the greatest athletes of
rtie world. Games for all nationalities, open
. to all comers. Introduction of new features.
- 1 hiee thousand dollars in cash prizes, be-
sides, handsome and costly medals for ama-
teur events. Don't fail to witness the great
' Irl.-h jig and reel end Cakewalk contests.
The e musing obstruction, three-legged and
?ark races, beautiful and picturesque High-
. l&nd dancing by expert men. women and
children, exciting bicycle and foot races,
-reat challenge tug-of-war contest. Clan Fta-
»-er vs. Thistle Club, special event for 3 p.
01. ; dancing In both pavilions throughout the
entire day and night; magnificent display of
fireworks in the evening. Let everybody
come Amusements In abundance for all
Music by first-class bands and corps of plpi
«*r*. Admission to the park, adults (day).
6a cents. <n!pht) 25 cents: children fday). 25
cents, (night) 10 cents. Parties In Highland
costume admitted to park free. Buy your
ferry tlrkeu for Shell Mound. Great High-
land welcome fcr all.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, offlce of
Fecretary. New York. June 15. 1904. Notice
to stockholders.
To the Stockholders cf Southern Pacific
Company :
Notice Is hereby riven that the board of
director- cf the -Southern Pacific Company
ota meeting this day held, called a special
meeting of the stockholder- cf said company
to convene at the offlce of the company in
Ueechmont, Jefferscn County, Kentucky on
Wednesday, the twentieth day of July, 1904
r.t 11 o'clock a. rr... standard time, to consider
end act ui.cn resolutions to be brought before
them at said rr.ertirig in substantially the
, .crrti ari'l to the effect following, viz:
•¦p.esoJved (1). that the capital stock of the
Fcuthem Pacific Company be increased one
t.vnAni million dollars l>y issuing on« million
additional shares of the par value cf one hun-
_rcd dollars each."
.-neec'.ved <2). that the said Increased stock
rh'a'.l be preferred stock: that the holders of
tuch referred Btock shall be entitled to divi-
dends in each f.«cal year at such rate not ex-
"<*«<! ing seven per cent per annum, payable
ferr.i-annually out of the net profits as shall
be declare 1 by the board of director*, before
ery dividend rha!l be declared on the common
rtork; that «_eh dividends shall be non-cumu-
lative; thst the hellers of such preferred stock
rhall not by virtue thereof be entitled to any
other or further share of the profits of the
ccnipar.y; that, upon the dissolution of the
coftipapj-. voluntarily or otherwise the holder,
of preferred s:ock shall be entitled to have
their shares redeemed at par before any dis-
tribution of any part of the assets of the com-
pany shall be rr.ade to the holders of the com-
rncn stock: that raid preferred stock shall be
]r<ued and sold from time to time to such
• mounts and in such manner a« the board of
directors may authorize and determine but
at r.ct less than the par value of the shares-
thai It shall be convertible into common stock'
th-re fcr thare. at the option of the holders
at sny time; and shall be redeemcblo at the
option of the comptry on or at any time after
the first day of July. 1935. and before the first
day cf July. 1910. at cne hundred and fifteen
dollar* per shnre."
"P.esolved (3). thst the board of dlrectors
rJ:slI be and they are hereby authorized to en-
tsbllsr. from time to time, and enforce all
ruch rules and regulations respecting the ls-
»ue. sale, redemption and conversion of such
nock, not Inconsistent herewith, as In the
judgment cf the board may be necessary or 1
expedient." I
For the purpose of such special meeting the I
stock transfer books of the company will be I
closed July 14. 1904. at 3 o'clock p. m. and
reopened Thursday. July 21. 1904. at 10 o'clock '
a. ra. -'; ,
ALEX. MILLAR. Secretary and Clerk.
THE Board of Medical Examiners of the State
cf California will hold a special examination
'.a the State Normal School building, Los
Angeles, Cal.. July 12, 13 and 14, 1904. be-
irinr.ing at l»:"0 a. m. Credentials should be
filed with the secretary some days before the
«-raml-_tlon. GEO. Q. GERE. M. P.. Sec.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — Both msle and female, to do house-
tc-house canvassing;- big money In It; with
but little effort any ordinary man or woman
of -Intelligence can make from $10 to $25 per
day. Apply at 1224 Haight st.
AGENTS^ — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
. Is worth having'- Great Western Improvc-
. saeat Ccsp__7. rarrctt b_UCi_* . '
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 MARKET ST.
Tel. Jessie 4711. Established 22 years. Advice
free on all legal matters; divorces a speclal-
; ty. private, quick; no pay In advance; mining
companies organized; patents obtained; wills.
' deeds, coyectior.s; detectives employed.
R. W. KINO* Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bidg..
Cth Cocr; entrance room 611; established 19
years; all cases, general court and offlce prac-
tice; no fee !n advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3G01.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.. IS
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands ol
soldiers, .sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
• DIVORCE — Costs, $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; all lav/ business: no charge unless suc-
cessful; open evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
> costs In advance: all law business; offlce
or.en Saturday evenings. 819 Market St., r. 33.
> DIVORCE law a npectalty: no publicity: advice
: 1 free; coets $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 2199. S.F.
> I . —
I ; L. S. CLARK. S27 Market st; consultation
t free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
t ~~*"~~~""~""~* "~~~~~~~*~~~_ l
\ atttomobii.es. "
AUTOMOBILES— Livery, garage and sales-
rooms; automobiles of every description
bought and cold; will buy or •ell lecon.i-
l.and machines. See us before /cu dp any-
thing with your n_xhine. Phone South 702.
1 Pacific States Automobile Co.. 217 Ellis st.
RAMBLER automobile for sale at once for
$450; good running order. Box 871, Call.
A CADILLAC automobile for sale. .Box 1045,
1 Call offlce.
WANTED— A rasoltne automobile. Box 2549,
Call offlce.
WANTED — To buy an automobile: must be
, 1 reasonable. Box 3510. Call office.
6TEAM runabout for sale, cheap. EAMES,
2018 Market st.
ASTHMA BEM-DT.
A. Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves instant-
ly; 10c. 25c. SOc. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
EXPERIENCED mother and nurse will board
and care for children from birth upward:
references; reasonable terms. 170S Francisco
St., Berkeley; phone Dana €61.
BOOKS.
DALY & CURRAN. second-hand booksellers,
removed from 206 Powell St.. to 857 Geary st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $3500; BEER hall; choice location; 3-year
lease; rent $75; net rent $23; fine business;
elegant fixtures; choicest stock of wines,
liquors, etc. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $450; ROADHOUSE; 4 rooms; dance hall;
5-year lease; splendid business opening. See
R. G. WILKE. llOVa Kearny st.
A— $1500; SALOON In wholesale district; rent
$50; estab. 25 years; a good-paying saloon
- and fine fixtures; value In sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny bL
A — $3500; CORNER saloon; close to Sutter st. ;
place estab. year*; doing an excellent busi-
ness; lease; rent $115; net rent $48; elegant
fixture?. See R. G. WILKE, 2«>Vi Kearny.
A— $15,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
less than $1000 per month; location and busi-
ness can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE, 2t3}_
Kearny st.
A — $800; PARTNER wanted In office of manu-
facturer's azent; a first-class offer for good
man; $500 to be Invested In business; office,
clears about $250 per month. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse! Road-
bouse! With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lease: a first-class paying resort. See R. G.
WILKE. 2Cfc Kearny st.
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $450: BARBER shop: 3 chairs; best location
In the Mission; rent $13. See R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny et.
A— $600; CHOPHOUSD and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with s'teady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dlnlng-rocm, 37 beds,
good furniture; lease; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G
WILKE. 26% Kearay st.
A— $375 cigar stand, transfer corner; rent $23;
good paying place. R. G. Wllke. 26% Kearny
$350 WILL secure a lifelong position and in-
come of $00 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references;
present Income can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 1007%
Market St.. room 1.
FOR $275 — Fruit and grocery; also horee and
, wagon; receipts average $20 daily; party go-
lng to Europe. Inquire 1007% Market st.
$5500 — GROCERY and bar; fine stock; bargain.
S550 to $15,000— Saloons; all parts city.
$250-$3000 — Restaurants.all pts.clty;bargains.
$15O — Concord stage coach: good condition.
BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO., 318 Kearny st.
$550 — DELICATESSEN, family restaurant";
heart of city; lease; rent $70; bargain.
BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 318 Kearny st
$375— RESTAURANT and cafe seating 45;
plenty tableware, French range, 2 gas stoves
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 1008% Market st'.
TRANSIENT house on Market St.; 23 rooms;
newly papered, good furniture; clears $100
monthly; price $1650; $800 can remain.
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 1008% Market st.
$2000— ROADHOUSE near Oakland; summer
gardens: long lease; thoroughly modern:
$10(10 half interest.
Country hotel. 25 rooms; baths, horse and
buggy, cow, 250 chickens; investigate now.
Room 4, 1015 Market st.
fSOO— WANTED, steady, sober partner; es-
tablished commission business; experience
not necessary; must be satisfied with $2O
per week and able to keep light offlce books.
See H. C. KOOP & CO.. 1118 Market Et.
A YOUNG man of good character would like
to negotiate for a loan of $25,000 for 3 to 6
months: can give double security and will
pay good Interest. Address box 26C8. Call.
BRILLIANT opportunity to nn attractive lady
or gent with small capital; to such can
make special Inducements with bona > fide
theatrical enterprise: tour opens July 10. Box
1557. 3008 Market' Bt.
$3fc0 — GOOD paying restaurant and cafe; seats
50; private rooms: good fixtures; low rent:
must be so'.a before July 1 on account of
sickness. H. McCABE, 950 Mission st.
A MEDICAL practice; $3000 monthly, $10,000
equipments in sight; take $5000 cash, balance
oasy payments. Room 2, Francisco Hotel,
Taylor and Turk sts., for particulars.
51100— GROCERY and bar; must sell to-day;
make offer; nice living rooms, furnished;
large stock and trade. Brookbank, 917 Mkt.
WANTED — Steady, reliable man for steady
place; will pay $90 a month; price $200. 632
Market, room C.
FOR rale — Good paying country hotel, cheap;
at railroad station. For particulars Inquire
500 Third et.. S.W. cor. Bryant: no agents.
WHAT have you? I have money. Address box
2C53. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store with tables
for serving meals: best location In city and
a good trade: price $700. Box 2534. Call.
WANTED — To buy a coal and wood yard; es-
tablished and In good location. Address Box
S37. Call offlce.
FOR sale cheap — Barter shop: 3 hydraulic
chairs; fine mirror case; good condition. J.
G. Bondi. 97 S. Mkt. -San Fernando. San Jose.
FOR sale — First-class country hotel. For In-
formation apply P. O. box 135. Guerneville,"
£«ncma County.'
FOR SALE— Grocery with bar in Western Ad-
dition; good location: price $1200. .Box 872,
Call offlce.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar store; must be
• sold at once: cheap rent; lease. Box 1226,
Call offlce. Oakland. J
PARTNER with $1500 cash: security for your
money; no triflers. • PHILBRICK. 449%
Guerrero st. » .
OLD established butcher shop for sale; well lo-
cated, on Third «*.; owner retiring from busi-
ness. Call at South Park Market.' 432 3d et.
BULLETIN route for sale. Address 2215 Pine
st.. city. ,
SALOON" license for sale. Box 3507. Call of-
fice.
CIGAR stand for sale; Good. ' location. Box
8508, Call pfflce. . — ~~.*
P SI NE S S^ C -E i S— Co ntt nn ed.
SOME stock in the Plnal and Brookshlre oil
> wells, which are producing large quantities
of high-grade oil and selling to the Standard
r Oil Company at from 65c to 75c; the most
promising oil Investment, perhaps, in the
State. For particulars apply to
W. E. BARNARD. 476 Tenth St., Oakland.
5 K^OR SALE— Oakland Crematory stock.
\ Already paying dividends in March, May and
• June, 30c each month.
S. P. milling Etock; pays SOc per share
I , monthly and has done so for over 10 years;
J these two above the safest and best paying
. stocks in the market.
Some other attractive investments. Call on
1 W. E. BARNARD. 476 Tenth 'st.. Oakland.
— — ______________ , , _______
IF yon intend to buy or sell, it will pay you
- to call on the
" EUREKA REALTY CO.,
[ » 7S3# Market st.; phone Black 6897.
J The up-to-date real estate agents. ; ¦
, 1 $S500— CHEAMERY; monthly receipts $2500;
expenses $465; fine business; excellent loca-
tion; best trade; must sell on account of
1 other business: will give terms if necessary.
Address box 1228, Call offlce, Oakland.
GROCERY and bar In Hayes Valley for sale;
cash trade: new and clean stock of goods;
' 1 fixtures and cash register, etc.; low rent.
Box 1022. Call offlce.
HOTEL for sale or lease to a responsible
party ;M6catcd in a lively business town about
60 miles from San Francisco. Addreas box
1066. Call office.
$1500— PARTNER: fine cash business; $400
month: will double; new enterprise. Box
2012. Call offlce.
, GROCERY and liquor store in the Mission for
sale; price $1100; average cash sales $21
per day. Particulars box 2543. Call offlce.
WANTED — To buy a restaurant; not over $650
Address box 3558, Call offlce.
$2500— PARTNER wanted In good country
hotel with bar. Owner, box 1257, Call offlce.
1 $450 — CANDY and Ice cream store; furnished
rooms; first -class; rent $35. 210 Fourth st.
FOR SALE — Chean- grocery and bar; reason.
death. 3 S01 Fifteenth ave. south.
1 FOR sale — Saloon In manufacturing district.
Western Rubber Stamp Works. 521 Mission.
j GOOD express stand; new wagon: licensed;
must sell. Particulars. 414 McAllister st.
' A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
I of advertisements- and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
C-.OTHI1TQ BEWOVATIWO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. Main S580.
CURES RTJgTTJBS.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupturfe Holder, $10; no
discomfort. 120fl Market St.: send for circular.
LODGING-HOUSES FOIl SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
37-ROOM apartment-house; north of Market;
corner; most elegantly furnished In golden
oak and birdseye maple; heavy velvet car-
pets; 5-year leasehold. MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS; new and modern; S-year lease;
income $1097 monthly: expenses $639; profit
$458; doctor has ordered owner to Arizona;
it's a first-class bonafide house.
MARION GRIFFIN.
17 ROOMS; near St. Francis Hotel; income
$114 over rent; well furnished.
\ MARION GRIF^FIN.
16 ROOMS on Van Ness ave.; rent $60; profit
$103 monthly; suitable for a refined lady;
make an offer to MARION GRIFFIN.
23 ROOMS: $1200. See MARION GRIFFIN!
for a big snap; quiet, full, respectable.
20 ROOMS; near Market St.; $600; lease; elec-
tric lights; chance for some one.
MARION GRIFFJN.
14 ROOMS, near Eddy and Hyde sts., for
$250 down and $10 monthly; It Is clean; It
is nice; the rooms are large and it is a big
bargain. MARION GRIFFIN.
40 ROOMS, near Leavenworth and Sutter sts.;
In fine condition; lease; big bay-window
rooms front and back; profit $150 month;
fine business for any high-class lady.
I MARION GRIFFIN.
81 ROOMS for $4000; profit $246 monthly;
wide, airy halls; large sunny rooms; men
roomers; owner can make $4000 earn $500
monthly In another business.
MARION GRIFFIN.
10. ROOMS, $300; worth $700; 8 rooms fur-
nished; all rented; north of Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
30 ROOMS with elegant furnishings; flne cor-
ner on Sutter st. and clearing $175 monthly;
high-class roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
22 ROOMS; SE. corner; house nicely furnished;
absolutely respectable; full of steady room-
ers; rent only $5 per room; clears over $75
every month; now if you want a good home
and a paying business at a bargain get. full
particulars at once of MARION GRIFFIN.
AJ. HOUSE In central district; 107 finely fur-
nished rooms: electric and gas lighted;
Meam heated; hot and cold water In rooms;
elevator is operated all hours; price only
$'.t000. Call at Eureka Realty Co. 783 »4
Market st.
$1200— LOCATED near city; roadhouse ; 13
rooms, besides bar and extra store; shuffle
board: good stock; receipts average $20 per
day; rent only $40. Eureka Realty ¦ Co ,
7S3Vi Market st.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease... $3300
26 room*, all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 roobis, low rent, country transient.. 5000
SI room!, rent only ?55 1800
40 rooms, rent $70. transient 1500
61 rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
Monty to loan on furniture at low -ates
EITEL & CARROLL. 27.2 Keamy st!
MITCHELL & CO., 1200 Marketjgt.
If you want to buy a house or flat on easy
terms, laree list to select from, try
v MITCHELL & CO.
NURSES' home; 12 rooms furnished; house
1157 Octavia st., near Ellis; graduate nurses-
long established: new oak furniture; all
rented: Income $151; rent, gas, v.-ater SU5-
price $700; cause of sale, death.
FOR SALE — Lodging-house: desirable, location-
close to Fifth and Market; 26 rooms- all
full; price $950. Address box 2542, Call.
40 ROOMS; downtown; transient; clears $175
mo.; rent $4 ">0 room. Box Siio, Call.
LODGING-HOUSE. 231 Third n.. for sale- 20
rooms; rent $75; price $050; on acct. sickness.
FOR sale — Boarding and lodging house of "0
n-oms. MRS. WILSON. Belvedere. Marin Co.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1
Postage paid. ' - ¦
LODGING HOUSES WANTED.
IF you have a good lodging-house or board-
ing-house in San Francisco for sale, about
40 rooms, address box 893, Call offlce, as I
will be in the city in a few days and desire
to locate. . . ¦ .¦
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air st shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., COS Market St.; phones Main 152 and
. Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
s?nd for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- beat-
Ing Works. 235-o57 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st. — First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlson st. ; Al cleaning; 3c Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLfN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate a vs. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS."; excellent carpet*beatln_~ma~
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter~stT;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrtaon st. : tel. Mission 263.
DRESSMAKERS ASP SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & MJlllnery^chooT^
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng. Stew-
art's button _ buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
<-e>, LITTLE "WANTS" OFTENTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; TUESDAY, JUNE 2$, 1904.
13
llELr WASTCB— MALE — Continued, I
A l_|_CiriO UMTLOrSTENT AGENCY.
it '"?"N.N". C"K> Commercial st.
_jne Main ll'.'I. 5 doors from Keamy.
ICevi -. Epec_J to-day: the Loss is. here and
.•- v^u written guarantee; your full fart 1
¦-...Si in 19 <leys; laborers and teamsters, ]
K to - v "- -•"> «'*•>". all Svhour work.
• "\ 27 ; ;C p-;r hour: 10 muckers. 1
:ur: 2f» concrr:e men. f 2 'A day, take |
:¦:-.] po: wooacheppers, toois and provi- j
acedL SI 5" cord, an<i you *oe owner j
fcercs, stendj work for a large mining com- j
•; 20 woodcheppers, 4-foct wool, 51 00 j
I
¦•¦ ;?.:\rr.\\'.-. north; S lun-.ber pilen>. $2 '
52 '.' day. W« an- «h:rr~? to Shasta and
¦no counties; Vi teemfters wanted for
Clark railrcad: cheap fare.
Arises*— ¦ r:;ht vo Florence, fare $10 50.
?t*»_crapS_r. near city. $00; rail eariy.
Baker. rr;:.-.c boarding-hcure. $15 and found.
> • ks. waiters and dishwashers.
>T__ OAZETTE. 20 Montgomery ft., r.12
I •. uurao* hail. $Ti0; head we'.ter, $.10.
WINDOW Crt_g| »nd card writer. JOE
KQS_xr;_;'.C. hie Market Ft.
BA_£_H Ft-.ci>— .1 chairs; bargain; owner
W* ir.r totra. _7 Taylor st.
TARFERS — S-oha:r fhr.p fr*- ks>; r. years'
Xane; best Icr-ticn In city. Apply 6O> jes-ric
WANTED — First-cias* boilermaker. not over
rr.:d<£le ace, for position c-jt cf city; one ae-
rustorr.ed to stationary and marine work.
Box :C44. Call clfice.
WANTED— Man and wife to run chicken
ranch; flrrt-<-_ss offer to r'.Kht man; must
hare e-;r<-rirr.ce eti<J references. Address I
ty-x 13T.0. Call crflc*. j
BAHCnTi shor> at transfer pc'.nt; 1 chair: every-
thing iW-t-clats: nearest shop 3 blocks away;
will sell or rent; sicknrss cause cf selling.
CM Tcls^m ft., crip. Preelta ave.
BAFIBEP.S — Good ehop !n best country town In
the S_te lor sa!t: 3 chairs ar.d tilths; gacA
r'Se business. DECKELMAJ." EROS.. 103
_l_i st.
VTANT—D — Laborer* ar.d TnechanScs to know
that E3 P..lk:r.. Her.0 House proprietor, L.is
s!5d><l 1<V> ne-.v r'-cras to the Desver House,
217 Thlr.i n.; 2T,0 roc_t; 23 ti> 50c per night.
W/N'aU)— r.r;i-c!is* __eb__t for out of
tpi— 1 w-o'k: *Tste ige and experience. Box
1345. Call office..
GOVERNMENT flf'Tlnna Oil ct K3 Golden
Gat* eve . room 7. for free Information as
to positions, salaries, age l!rr.:ts, etc.; day
cr evemnjs.
_ MAN of !a4=raitatl<» energy ami push, a
goct talker, caper to rr.ake men.-y. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 47S, Parrott building.
BARKERS— For __S. go^l 2-ehatr barber shop.
Cornf r of. fourteenth and Felsorr. sts.
A profitable ouf.riK: pick heps In August. Write
E. CLEMEN S HORST CO..__Battery et..S.F.
WAXTED-M rr.en ar.d *cm*n to learn the
baxtwr trade; free eituaUcr.3 guaranteed.
¦Calf TU IXaighrs College. C47 Commercial »t.
_ABOR debts collected; eufta, attachment-
Lw and Adjustment Co.. 523 Montgy. r. 415.
TOl'NG ciais to learn barber trade; wages
.while learning. 741A Hcnrartf et.
SAILORS *nl your.* m*i (green hands) for
0 sh-ps. IIALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
FATLCRS" and cri!nary teamen for all parts of
the world at HEP.MAN'S. 27 Steuart St.
FKVPION Attv..E. A. Bu'.lis. r.40. Phe'.an b'.d*.
Past Com. Geo. II. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Uctel. 44 Third et.. near Mar-
k*t — 700 room*; 3C- ntfrht; reading-rooms;
free 'bus c_d bac?ace to and from ferry.
APV_RTI?_MENTS. subscriptions received at
Ccll'brar.ch office. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRA NCI J offlce cf The Call for the reception
c£ advert. sertients and subscriptions has beea
cptried at IOCS Market et.. opposite Fifth.
Opea until 11 p. m.
ALL rize* men't shoe*, eligfetly damaged, half
r^-ce. 5C3 Mission st.. bet. 1st «n4 2d sts.
OFT ycur »hc*s half-soled wblle xvaitlsg; 25c
to f.Oc. 5C! Mission tt.. bet, ltt and 2d s_ .
_^.3_CX.F WAJTTED — SALESMEN.
PALE.-XEN wanted— Apmts. dealers and
fctonv.eri«>rs=. start in business fcr yourself
o.t <*ur capital: we make m^n's fine clothing
ii< measure a:i-3 roa can sell our perfect fit-
ting, bictm! clas-* tailoring at a good profit
Jcr as little money as others retail ready
ir:a<ie gor*i*: you can control entire local
ir«'l.» with our liri?; fall line up-to-date
-•«.. ¦ cf woojens. fashion displays, etc., new j
T.ajriy and furnished free. A great oppcr-
•tursit*-: "write to-day ?'>r full particulars ar.d
*-iciusive territory ; experience not absolutely
n< er-t,i-ary. American Woolen Mills Co., Dept.
• A. *Washir.|rton bouivd. and I'nlon. Chicago.
. . HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
K^.'TJIA fine carr.p ¦rmcos. with paraphernalia:
alfco several work and driving horsea. £75
FGttaa st.
WANTED— To boy a light <irivir.g buggy:
Ftate price. Box S53. Call office.
WANTJKD — A Etyliib e^dile horse. Box 1CC7,
•Call office.
SORREL horse for pale; 7 yrars old*; gentle
and *ound. Pox 2S&3, Ca!l offlce.
NEARLY new lcw^<=t wagon; capacity 900
. pounds. 843 Howard tt.
AUCTION *ale tvery Tuesday; horses, wai-
DOS, Furreys, buggies, carts and hameaa; at
1140 Folsom Ft.
FINE river bottr.m parrurage: green feel year
rr-ur.d; rear Black D'.amonl, Centra Costa
County. Nucleus £tab!es. Ilk) Stevenson. S.F. '
WAGONETTES, surreys, bungles. — ajrons. har-
re»£. work tnd driving hordes. 15th-Valencia..
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PP.INTED list cf houses to let: Ecnd for clr-
rulur G. H. T'MBSEN A Co.. 20 Montgomery.
UOISES FORMSI1ED FOIt SALE.
6-ROOM h<n:se: well furr.i?hed; fine piano; long
ie-aae; rent $30: at a bargain if soM at once.
' Adflress bcx !._*>. Call offlce.
UOISES 1VAXTEE I FIR.MSHED.
VVANT_D — A cc_plete!y furnished house or
t flit ofrC rocrrs. Address with crlce, etc., box
1QS7. <ra.il office.
•_•^pBrv^ipjcHAras.
SOLD, rer.ted, excharxed; manufacturers of
.Ecnw tricycle chair. l'0:8 Mkt.; u-1. Park 775.
" tXVEST_E*TS.
OOOD Investment — A limited number of shares
at 25c per s<_re; this stock will be worth
one- Collar ($1) per eliare within a year; call
or- wMte Oseeo'.ar Mining and Development
Cfijr.rajiy. 414 Cre_>y building. S. F.
LOST AXI> VOCSD.
FOUNp — Thfr next three months, choicest cut
, Cowers ar.d all df-scriptlons floral work at
.one-third the .regular prices; under contract
and mi_t eelf: 2 ttnrts, 311 Sutter and 1204
Butter. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
1/D5T— A passbook with tho Hibernia Savings
ar.d I>jan Society of £an Francisco, in the
\ p*_e of Mary Casey, No. 1C-375. The finder
»-.:i pleate return to bask.
I/3ET — Opera g'asses. Sunday night. Alcazar
2 better. P.etura 1733 Haight st.; lib. reward.
LOST — Ir the M.'FSi^n. rcroll breastpin with 8
¦n_J <J!£tr.oud«: liberal reward. 21S Guerrero
XjOKX — A rassbock with the Hibernia Savinjra
and _osn SocUty of Has Francinco in the
C*me of HARRIET W. ARMSTRONG. No.
7C-1.-..4. The finder wiJI please return to back.
LOST— A ryramid Shrine at Grand Op?ra-
'heus* or Third »t. ; fultable reward to finder.
AAC'er* VKs;. H. WINKLE. Mill Valley. Cal.
:&Airgc_xs Fos h_r
C A. McXEILL LAUNCH~CO.. foot oToay
«t.; for pleasure anl business; tel. Bush C34.
J. Michaeli* Launch Co.. Union-it. Wharf; boAt-
tng _ •rscunfiens. I Steuart at.; tel. John 2C8S.
X f— CHUUtBYi — Uooght, Sold and Ex.
FOR sale — 1 cut-eff eaw. 1 scroll eaw, 5-inth
. sticker, 6O-H. 1*. eneine. it-H. K boiler.
F. A. C:;iER. 2003 _ arkct st,
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS, ;
TO» trder^ renovated, disiafected (formaidehyde j
froc-er*): esc^Ilent carpet cleaning. HOPKE J
_ROi.. li-li -ii Howard St.; phone South 210. !
' f . MEDICAL
_/.DIES £e*;r:r.c taie, cure and quick relief
:rorn Irrecv.Iaritie» CWSBtt me; my isethodj
are ;;.::..•.- Bad ." ... ->; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fee*. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FBE—i 17 >ear»' experience in all fe-
rrale- disorders; call or •nrrlte. DH. WHITE,
102 Market' ct., rcom* 7 and 8.
1..- l.'.Y.> — Kuinrousd; •.;.'-. sure. r.tv«r falls;
_f2. Glea«ior-r?ucKr!e» Drug Co..lCrarny & Oay.
DU s.nd MKS. DAVllEsTl^HINDOO~H_nSa;
crigi_U method of treatment. 1120 Market. '
BERKELEY ADVEBT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD Investments near new Santa Fe.
» ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS. >
End of, block: 271 ft. frontage cn track: two
blocks from Berkelc-y station $2300
Lot 25x100: 1 block from rallrrad.... $200
Lot 40x135: mac: within '4 block $45O
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2600
~ Buy where values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 1056 University av«.
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
$3000 — GOOD 2-story house, 6 rooms; modern
conveniences; lot 40x135; street work com-
plete; $T5U cash, balance $25 per month. In-
cluding principal ana Interest at 8 per cent;
one block and a half from car; 5 minute'
walk from station; situated at 22J;> Ward
St., East Berkeley, near college and schools.
MORAN & SWAIN.
.. "21S1 Shattuck ave.. opp. Berkeley station.
FRUITVALE APV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — $2750: It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland. . •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1016 BHOAPWAY.
OAKi.AMl KK II. K'STATE.
$500 CASH, $12 monthly — Cottage of 5 rooms
/ and bath, cellar and basement; good barn,
stable, chicken houses, chicken runs, 30 as-
sorted fruit trees, all In fine bearing, 6 Bel-
Elan hares, 20 fine laying hens, nice garden j
and Iota of flowers; some furniture goes with I
place; 95xS0; more land can be had; fronting 1
on main road; sandy loam soil; near elec- ¦
trie cars, church and school: an ideal lo-
cality; adjoining East Oakland; away from
fops and VvUnds; price in all $1400. Call or
send for circular, 455 7th St.. opp. Broadway
; station. Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z.
; JONES, Land Owner.
RICHMOND FACTORY SITE —
2U acres, at Junction of S. P. and Santa Fe
railroad!. For price and terms, see LLOYD
_ STEIN, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
ELEGANT, new, modern residence^,. 8 large
rooms; artistic Interior finish; lot 40x116; five
minutes' walk to Key Route; $4750; cash,
bal. easy terms. LLOYD _ STEIN. 458 9th
St.. Oakland..
$2250 enly for a fine home of 7 rooms: half
cash balance on mortgage. P. C. LASSEN &
CO.. 460 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal. *
$1050 WILL buy a nice 4-room cottage; easy
terms; location East Oakland. P. C. LASSEN
_ CO., 400 Tenth St., Oakland, Cal.
$200 CASH — New bouse, fl rooms, near Key
route station, Oakland; must have money at
once : a bargain. Owner. 16 Chronicle bd... S.F.
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent — New house. 6 rooms; near Key
route. Key at K67 37th st.. Oakland. .
OAKLAXD nil.MSHED HOUSES.
WALSWORTH ave., 410— Modern; piano; $33;
rare chance. Apply on premises.
OAKLAND FUnXITLUE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H.Schelthaas.llth rt..cor.store.Oaklaad.
San Francisco Advertisemts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH 1224 — I sunny housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; private entrance,
yard: $16.
CALIFORNIA. 1304— Sunny front bay-window
room & kitchen, connecting; r?as. :no child' n.
CALIFORNIA, 1428C — Two sunny, front house-
keeping rooms; gas and bath; reasonable.
CLAY. 1323, near Janes— Elegant new fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping ; must be seen
to be appreciated.
DEVISADERO. 1440. comer Geary— Nicely fur-
nished, sunny, connecting rooms; large
kitchen., porch, tubs; $10.
EDDY. 890— Beautifully furnished, front, sunny
rooms; also attic rooms; separate entrance.
ELLIS. 325— Parlor suite; single and double
rooms for housekeeping.
ELLIS. 1174 — Handsome parlor suite, kitchen;
others, suite or single; modern; eunny; rea-
sonable. •
FELL. 760. cor. Webster— 2 sunny front rooms;
running water; reasonable rent.
FIFTH, 322 — Three furnished rooms for house-
keeping In a nice, quiet house.
FILLMORE, 710 — Three unfurnished rooms for
light housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 2612, near 22d — Two upper 'unfur-
nished gunny front rooms; gas, bath; reason-
able.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1200 — Lower floor; sunny
front suite; kitchen, run. water. g»s range.
HAYES, 4C4 — Furnished rooms fcr light house-
keeping.
HOWARD. 2120. near 17th — 2 furnished house-
keeping .rooms; gaa range; running water;
also single room.
HYDE. IOW',4. corntr of Pine — 3 sunny unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms, $13; also fur-
nished bedroom, $5.
JACKSON. 1220. near Jones — Two or three
nicely furnished rooms for housekeeping.
JESSIE. :U? — 'J lame sunny basement rooms,
fur. housekeeping. 2 beds. $15 ino. : also large
sunnv front pferlor, gas range, water, $15 mo.
JONES. 215— Sunny, newly papered suite: run-
nine water, pr.s; housekeeping; reasonable.
K.NiCKEHBOCKKU Apartments. 13li> Pine —
Eunny. furnished 3-room suites: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates reas.
LARKIN, S17'.i — Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding* bed, gas stove; reasonable.
LARKIN. SlO^j — Sunny housekeeping room;
jfss stove and bath; $10 per month. *
LARKIN. 1C07. i-or.Pont — The Cragburn. H. Bur-
lin*am«.prop. ; rm*..R!nc!e & hkr'S-apnrtments.
LARKIN. lOoS— Punny bay window front room
and kitchen for housekeeping; rent $15.
MCALLISTER, 55S — Sunny front parlcr, gas
range, hot bath. $12; suite. $7; adults.
OAK 117 O.!S McAllister — Rooms. t:omplete:
$5 to $12: *ras range, hot bath: adults.
OAK, 3.10— I_rge sunny housekeeping room;
running water; 2 large clozcta.
PEARL. 3. corner Market — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms. $14: phone: no children.
TURK. 53S — Sunny front bay-window suite;
complete housekeeping.
TWENTY-SIXTH and Castro, 4212 — Sunny
fur. room: hath and uso of kitchen.
UNION. 220-1, cor. FIHmcre — Three unfurnished
housekeeping rocms: southern exposure.
TWENTY-SIXTH and Castro, 4"212— 2 sunny
fur. rooms: bath and use of kitchen: $0.
VAN NESS. UC9— Nice people can get best
rooms In town at lowest rent; $9 up.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received *•
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan ft Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisement* and subscriptions ha* been
i opened at IOCS Market St.. oppositt Fifth.
• Open until 11 p. in.
.-.FAlt__r_2C_ HOUSES.
ET. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness ave. —
• The acme of perfection ' In modern, elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with private
baths, steam heat, ele:. light, elev.. gas ravge.
CHESTERFIELD. . C37 Buslj — New modern
house; 2-3-4 room apartments; convenient lo-
cation; reasonable. ' . ¦ x
EL CAMELLO. 1710 Washington— 2 to 6 room
apartments, newly furnished or unfurnished;
sunny: moderate.
ST. LAWRENCE. 13.15 Mason — Just opened;
granny modern 2, 3. 4 room apartments; rur-
nlshcd or unfurnished.
ST. HILIARE Apartmfnts. 1523 I>fruna Ft.,
. near Geary — Just opened, new, modern bciue.
ST. LOUIS. 1075 Jackson nt. — Modern .1-1-3
room*: furn. orunfurn.: ref». Tel. East I-1V)
ROOMS TO LET— Pan. and llnfnrn.
X— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per ntgbt. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ASIIBOURNE, 7G5 Market, opp. Phelan bldg.—
Fine front suites; Urge and Email single;
central.
MEDICAL— Con tinned. 1
M r4r? R \ WY^ T ". «Pec_llst for aU female I
ccmpUii.ts and irregularities; instant relief i
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. S28 Pof.t st.
M £ S "i D . R - OHL ' specialist for all fe-
. rcaie troubles and irregularities; instant re-
! __ ef guaranteed. 100S'-4 Market st. opp. 5th.
I VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; eric* $2 50 by express. Pasteur*
6jringe and tablet* ; price $5. By express
"I? on receipt of price. OSGOOD BP.OTH-
i-RS wholesale druggist*. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— Al> who are sl_ or
la trouble consult this specialist on female
<¦orr.pls.inrs; positively corrected; the unfortu-
rate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
cflvlre free. Office, 101S Market st.
Dre. Goodwin. 733 Turk, above Van Ness— Ex-
pert in obstetrics, fur.ale complaints: lnst.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yrs. ex.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; IS yearn" ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
MP_. DR. GWTER, having eecurs-d lease of
premlrc*. _ permanently located at BllA
Leavenwcrth ft., bet, Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. ROSEN resides 22)05 Fo'.som et., corner
S*'th: ln^.ley. relief or no f>e: >lft.
MIXES AXD MIXING
20,000 SHARES Tonorah Etock; bU values;
r.on-assessable. Particulars, box 2C52. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOK SALE.
EOILEHS. er.ginee. 2d-hcnd machinery. McIN-
! TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 1S.5-1U7 Fremont it.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elutrrite; in rolls easy to lay:
r.eeds no pointing cr coating; good over old
iron tin or ehinzles: best for new roof a.
ELATEIUTE HOOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps.
pulleje. sfcaitinz. etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rer.ted and exchanged; pec Sunday papers.
II S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale Bt. :
A— FINE fults, $7 50; <!re*a pants, $2 50. Orlg-
iral Misfit Clothing Parlors, 231 Kearny St.,
r.far Bush: open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, relis cr rents gear machinery, en-
Fi-.tr*. b:i!ere water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITE—AW. 2K-255 Spear Et,
DENTAL ericlne, Wilkerson chair, bracket,
etc.. carpet, folding t*d. paintings; cheap, or
trad> fer equity in lot. 1141 Polk, c-or- Sutter.
GENTS' full <Jre«* Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits tc rer.t at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton «t.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stocktrn st.
J. COOPER, ger.ts' full-dreys rental parlor*,
moved frcm Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St.,
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny St., near
Pine; pp':n ta 9 p. m.: Sundays to noon.
FIREWOOD cut to length: large load $2, de-
livered. E. C. PITCHER _ CO., Sixth and
Hooper sts.; t*l. S 375.
TRY our men'B ehoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form fhoe6 at $- 50;» we pay express
charges. 11 Sd St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FOR sale — Two fnsh cews. Apply A. KRETH.
144S Thirteenth ave. South.
EVERLASTING signs, letters, numbers; enly
makers in State. BAKER'S. 21 Spear st.
PIGEONS — Homers, runts, all leading varieties;
Ftarap for catalogue. C. 'Wilson, 223 Stevenson.
FOK sale — 30-ton gasoline elocp. H. SULLI-
VAN. 2S Rttch St.. S. F.
i SAFES ar.d desks: new and secpnd-hand; prices
right at Richardscn Bros'., 1S16 Market st.
BEST white lead 7e per pound: to painters
less. BUTCHER. 741 Mission st.
AWNING?. tents.new.*.eccn<l-hancl. SUN TENT
- AWNING CO.. 42 Spear st. : tel. John 64S6.
TENTS for rent or sal*, f.nps McMAHON
TENT _ AWNING "CO.. 35 Mkt. Tel. Bush S58.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition. 31
vol«. KING'S. «1 Mi-A'.iister *t.. nr. Market,
EPISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacl-
ca!ut'i. moved to 786 Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap: some
new; 16x16. 313 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand ts-pewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER _ CO., 110 Montg'y.
SAFES and cafh registers, new and second-
har._ I. FREEMAN. 1323 Market st.
SOME good 24-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
I SAFES— New and second-hand. TUE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, masic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Eullard _ Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. eTbTbeCK
_ CO.. 122 Market Et.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
an Flies. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
j MISCELLAXEOUS "VVAXTS.
: BIG prices paH for eld gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full dress €UiU, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENETEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st.
A— MORRIS gives highest prices for ladies' and
gents" casteff clothing; postal. 94.1 Folscm.
HIGHEST prie» paid f Or cartoff clothing. TeL
Davis 625: fc.V> Sacramento et.
TILTON wants good fecond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st_; tel. Jessie 2S5L
'Cf.PKP bought. foM and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 872 Mission; phone Bush 467.
moxev to loax.
aaa— Herman' ~_urphy~
C01-CC2-CU3 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expe_>_ by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
cuts; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies. Ufa estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
Wben You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d cr Sd
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, tewn
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
cf property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 4JK). Call offlce.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge cf employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment; '
call and get terms. Drake. 453, Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at J
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
S46 Market; tel. Mala 1041. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned or. diamonds, Jewelry, sealskins
ar.d valuables: our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton: phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-bouse!*, without
tecurlty; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
ft. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
CONFIDENTIAL loans to salaried people; dla-
rnends. other fecurltlea. Room 336. Phelan
building. 5th floor.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commiscion; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Mcntgc_ery St., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONET loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies- . etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loam to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. ISk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
roo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
Loans from ?i to $io.ooo. -. ..
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security- S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
> 3** ON furniture & planes; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room SI, C Eddy st.
{ I PEP. cent cn furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Saving* Banl; building. 7o.S Market st.
Hi PER cent cn furniture and pianos: no com.
charred. ri.FVINO. filfl Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorfer. MORELL. Cfif» Examiner building.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
POWELL, 143, near corner O'Farrell — Splendid
office* to let: also ground Boor; best location.
STORE to let: suitable for any business; good
location. 131S Valencia st. '
R O "MS TO 1£T— P^. anB t'atorii.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.) — Rooma, 25c. 50c. $1. *1 60 night;
$1 DO to $10 week; bouse open all night.
BURNETT. X42C Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1705 — Nice quiet furnished rooms, suit-
able for 2 gentlemen; baths; $10; cheap. "
CALIFORNIA. 2304, nr. -Webster — Two nicely
furnished sunny rooms; gas; bath; rent $S-
$10-
CLAY. 1437 — Two or three nicely furnished
rooms, all connected, en suite or singly, with
running water and bath.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Masen — Elegantly
furnished jrunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 1700 — Sunny front rooms, completely
furnished; bath, laundry, yard; no children.
ELEVENTH, 21— Elegant room-", single or en
suite; furnished cr unfurnished; references.
ELLIS. 1274 — Sunny front parlor. $19: sunny
front room, $3; modern flat; gentlemen.
FILLMOKE. 10O7. cor. McAllister— Nicely fur-
nished corner room, suitable for 2 reatle-
men; bath; modern.
FILLMORE. 20C9 1 £ — 2. 3 or 4 unfurnished
looms for housekeeping: terms reasonable.^
FOURTH^ 4U7— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let. ' ¦ 'j
FP.ANKLIN. 106 — Nir*ly furnished sunny front
rooms to rent; reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721. near. O. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
ni5hed front room; all conveniences; for 2.*12.
GEARY, 684^ — Newly furnished rooms; electric
light, bath. gas. phone; reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 33c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $0 wx.; reading- rm.
GRENOBLE. 6C3 Bush. cor. Stockton — Elegant-
ly furn. sunny rms.; single $3 up; suites
$14 up.
HARTFORD, 70. near Seventeenth — 2 large
sunny front unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nished suites and single room*. '
HYDE. 334 — Front, sunny, bay window, for
1 or 2; other rooms; hot and cold runnin;
water; bath.
JESSIE, "0G. east U. S. Mint — Furnished
rooms; $5 and $ti per month^,
' JONES 207 (Van Winkle)— Furnished sunny
rms. ;' suite or single; gents preferred; $2 up.
JONES 51CB — A sunny front suite $14; and
other' sunny rooms and bath; reasonable.
JONES. 910 — A comfortable sunny room; all
conveniences; private family; reasonable:
gentleman. __^ __
LARKIN. «04 — Large room; light and sunny;
2 bed?; $S per month.
LARKIN. 1042— Front sunny room; single; uae
Of bath.
LEAVENWORTH. 223— Rooms $2 and $3 week;
also housekeeping.
MARKET 1040A,The Falmouth— Sunny roome;
hot ar.d cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
MASON, S23 — Suite and single room; modern
conveniences.
MISSION, 2C22— 2 sunny single furnished
front rooms; gas and bath.
NATOMA. 514. rear Sixth— Sunny furni»h»d
frcr.t room; Drivate family.
O'FARRELL. 565 — Two large sunny rooms;
rent reasonable. '¦¦¦
PC ST. SS9. near Hyde— Large furnished front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gsnts.
POST. 1062— Elegant suite, also single room. In
an up-to-date flat; for pentlemen who seek a
refined home; references exchanged.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies* par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; rr.cnth. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SCOTT, 300, NE. cor. Page, near Halsht-st.
cars — Two newly furnished, sunny, connect-
ing rooms; bath, gas range, dlahes.
SIXTH. 240Vi— Furnished rooms, day., week or
month; location central an.1 reasonable^
SUTTER. 1105 — Large front furnished bay-
window room; running water; 2 closets; con-
venlunces; light housekeeping If desired; $12.
THE ST. KATHRYN.
N E. COR. LEAVENWORTH AND
ELLIS — SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOM? IN THE CITY; BATHS: HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERY
ROOM: ELEVATOR SERVICE; MOD-
KRN CONVENIENCES: FROM $3
PFR WEEK.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market st.— Offices cn
the first floor to let; furnished rooms in suite
or single, by the day, week or monthy tran-
sient solicited. '
THE VIRGINIA, 1005 Powell — Nicely furnished
apartments: bay window; gas ranjre; bath;
always sunny; also single; reasonable.
"THE CRESCENT." 216 Powell — Sunny furn-
ished rooms from $1 75 per week up.
TURK. S23 — Unfurnished sunny room; running
water; closet; sunny back parlor; furn.; $3.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
»ooms. 35c tp $1 night. Jl 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lichts mo gas), running water In every
room: elevator, read. -room: tree bus: baggage.
WALLER. 71. near Market and Octavia— Fur-
rlshcd sunny rooms, suites $12 and up.
Phf-'H* Fell 104L -
WALLER. 1747 — Bright, cheerful rooms tn pri-
vate family; half block from Golden Gate
Park^
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Markft—
Mest convenient and respectable: 7CO rooms:
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $3 week; elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus: baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 15c
to $1 per night and from 9Oc to 55 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan _ Church gts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tha reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open untit 11 0. m.
ROOMS Aa^DBOABJX '
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQWPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
1015 VAN NESS. COR. GEARY.
APPLY TO MP.S. E. WINDELE. MANAGER.
EDDT. 013 — Most Select central location In
modern elegantly furnished private house:
hems cooking unsurpassed; beard optional.
BREAKFAST and dinner with room, $20
month: first-class home cooking. 1214 Eddy.
CALIFORNIA. 1526 — Large room, suitable for
2; single front room; board optional.
FILDERT. 1UC%— Furnished rooms, with
board.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. \O46 — Sunny furnished
rooms, bath, tel., good board: reasonable.
GOUGH. 1120. near O'Farrell — Sunny rooms;
home cooklns: gentlemen: $20: 2 meals $13.
HOWARD. S41A — First-class beard and room,
single or doub'o. J5?j wk. ; American famiiy.
EDDY. 1VJS. opp. Jefferson Pk. — Nicely fur.
imnry rooms; table board: reas.: new man.*'t
ELLIS. 1174 — Parlor suite; also double and sin-
gle r'ms.; mcd.; sunny; excellent board; reas.
FOLSOM. 2$73 — Elegantly furn. rooms with
board for couple, $10 w_; tingle boarders.
FULTON, 1334— Sunny rooms with board in
j private hosie; Park drive; phone Pastt 5CC&.
GEARY. 301, Hotel L' Alglos — Family rooms
and board: entirely renovated: reas. prices.
NICELY' furnished rooms and beard. 1S01A
Devlsadero St.
PACIFIC ave.» 171 C. above Van Ness— Large
runny rooms; use of parlor; excellent board.
PINE. IOCS — Nicely furnished raits, single rms.;
excellent tabie; private: phone Polk" 3001.
POWELL. 502. corner gutter — Front room fcr
2: z.\tn single room?: without board: reia.
1 Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex.
807 California — S?ec roorn*.learnprlc»s.tryts»bl*
TURK. 1"00 — Front sunny rms. good home cock-
ing, $4.75. $5 wk.: rms. without^ t>rri. $1.50 up.
VAN NESS ave., 1714 — Single rooms and suits;
homelike.
WASHINGTON. 1021. near Mason— Rooms with
or without board; $18 to $20 month.
CLASSIFIED ad\vrtlaem*nta and aubifertctions
f received -«t Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
ltf pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per yeax.
MUSlCAJ^J^TOttt^^
ALL uprights, some real bargains — New Ma-
son _ Hamlin, $285; new Behr Broa., $187;
two used Steinways, email and large, $149,
$."23; two used Heine small and large $195,
?3ti0; one Knabe. $160; one Fischer, $115:
four Emerson, from $05 to $123: one Crown,
$140; one Kln;ball, $C5; one Occidental, small,
$40; one Conrad, medium. $07; one Arion,
$137. AH makes in squares, from $10 to $50.
Terms and prices reduced for the summer
only. Rents and Installments on used
pianos, $2 up; installments on new pianos,
*5 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary
st. . Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
HEADQUARTERS tor renting pianos, both
new and second-hand, from. $2 50 per month
upward. We have at this time some splendid
bargains for piano purchasers. Qive us a
call. We can cssure you prompt, courteous
and liberal treatment. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5C0-C2-C4 Hayes st.
A FEW cood uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such makes a* 'Chickerlng, Vose,
Stelnway, Steck. Sterling, Curtaz, Neuman,
Erard, Halnss and many others; prices rea-
sonable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ _ SON, 10 O'Farrell st.
AT firewood price:: unredeemed atorage pianos
and furniture. Whltehead'a storage, 1C36 Mkt.
$60 FOIt a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG5. 210 McAllister. >
GOOD standard upright piano for sale: $S3.
STATHAM. 110 McAllister st.
EOHMER. Byron Maury pianos Cecelian piano
jiayer. BYRON MAUZT. 30S-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMIT2 & CO.. 1« McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerlr.jr baby grand;
Fhonlr.ger. little u*?d. KcCffe's. 2Sft O'Farrell.
PEIISONAI.S.
STENZIE — The most wonderful and effective
dermatologlcal preparation ever placed bet'ore
the public; will positively remove by the
roots any growth of superfluous hair that can
be presented; will net injure the most del-
icate skin. Sold and applied at
STENZIE PARLORS. :!2ti ELLIS ST.
Goldstein & Conn's. S21I Market 6t.
And at Marvin's Hair Store, Oakland. Cal.
A SUIT or overcoat, including one extra pants
frw, made to order for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready made If you can get bar-
fairs like ' this? Arent wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Market gt. bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. ROWF.LL'S Fire cf Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50e.~ Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & DROWN. 32 Turk St., S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray balr. Im-
proves Its growth. stops falling.cures dandruff
ar.d Itching icalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, "tores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 323 Grant ave. Worst coses cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varlcoeele.
etc.: easily worn; $2 50 postpaid; physicians
reccm. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 140 Geary, S.F.
AT lees than cost: uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market St.
YCnJ can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7. 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post gt.. near Powell.
GO to "The Launston." 110 Eddy St., for nice,
quiet rooms and Lew prices.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mr9.Dr.A.W.Travers,1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actir.a restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 0524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaten, electric needle specialist. 3C9 Sut-
ter, r. 60!). Mias Eaton. 2X1 Geary, roon» 3S.
MASQUERADE costumes, play booka, wisrs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of adi-ertisemeots and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PAL3I1STIIV.
A— MME. LYMA.V, scientific palmist, recently
from EaFt. 510 Eddy St.: phone Polk 4011.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAT-UTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA at-
torney-at-l&w. C Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence,
1C21V; Market st., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.-
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
PR. BALL. 1073V4 Market St.
I REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
tiX-atE all d!.~. ascs of the human body; for
pa*t four yearn at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
ca^ed at eti7 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use cf herbs and teas. 727 Washington St.
WONG WOO.. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
1 DR. WONG HON, Slf» Powell st.. tea and herb
; yanttarium: diseases skillfully treated.
ritorosALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley-
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men: Notice is hereby given that sealed
bids art- solicited for informing the labor
fr.d furnishing the materials for fire escapes
for Hearst Hall, on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California at Berkeley, Cal!for»ia.
and said bids will b« received at the office of
the regents, South Hail, Berkeley, at or
before 5 o'clock p. m. of July 7, ' ifXfl.
Plans and specifications of said fire escapes
have b»en adopted and may b« examined
dally at th-i cilice or the resents from 9 a. m.
until 4 p. m. No bids will be considered
unless accomjanled by a certified check or
bond of bidder, in favor ot th-e Re;jent3 of
the University cf California, equal to ten
dfc) per rent of hi* bid. with sufficient
(sureties, conditioned that if said bitl be ac-
ctpt'd, the bidder will duly, enter into 0.
proper rontract to fn!thi'u!ly perform the
<luty and obligations in accordance with said
bid and with the plans and specifications
whlcn S.T- hereby required to be a part of
Mich contract. The right to reject any or all
b:<lo is hereby reserved. By order of thi
Regents' Committee on Grounds and BuiM-
Ir.gfi. V. H. HENDERSON, Acting Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. June 2?, 1904.—
Fcaled 1 roposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived hero until lla. m., July 13, 1904, and
then opened, for furnishing, during the fis-
cal year ending June 30, "1905. forage and
straw for Alcatraz Island, Fort Baker,
Benicia Barracks, Fort Mason, Fort Mc-
Dowell, Fort Mlley, Presidio of San- Fran-
cisco, San Francisco, San Francisco, Cal.;
for shipment tr> Honolulu, II. T.. and Depot
of Recruits and Casuals, Angel Island, Cal.
Government reserves right to reject or accept
any or all bids in whole or tn part. Prefer-
ence given to articles of American produc-
tion, conditions of prices and quality (includ-
ing In the price of foreign Droductlons the
duty thereon) being equal, and euch prefer-
ence given to articles of American produc-
tion, produced on the Pacific Coast, to the
I extent of consumption required by ths pubiic
' service there. AH Information furnished on
applications to WILLIAM S. PATTEN. As-
sistant Quartermaster General, Chief Quar-
termaster.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies — Offlce
Purchastn_jC&mmtssary, San Francisco. Cal..
June 17,^rJflu4. — Scaled proposals for furnish-
ing and delivering of such quantities of sub-
sistence supplies, delivered at such wharf or
wharves or such v/a^'houses in San Fran-
cisco. Cal., as per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Tuesday. June 28, 1904, and opened
Immediately thereafter, in presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, general Instructions to
bidders and blank forms of proposals will be
furnished to established dealers on applica-
tion to C. R. KRAUTHOFF, Maj. Corny.
SEWIXti MACHINES AXD SUl'l'LIKS.'
BUY THE BEST— RENT THE BEST.
You make no mistake when you buy or rent
a White; you get the best sewing machine
value on earth; we are offering vtry. special
bargains In a lot of new Whites, slightly
6hop-worn; they go while they last at one-
half and one-third regular price. City offices
— 300 Post et.. 1841 Fillmore.st. and 708 Va-
lencia st. ¦'-*•
DOMEHTIC — The machine for family use; bast
13 cheapest; second-hand all makes nt any
price: all binds rented lowest rates. Docns-
V.e offlce. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new trlple-feea _a-
chlnes: slightly used; $10, $15. $20; second- ;
hand, $3. $5, $M; all styles; guaranteed. New ,
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
LEGAL. ADVEIITISCME.VTS.
TO Whom It May Concern: I hereby give no-
tice that I have made application, to the
. roar J . of State Prison . Director* for parole
from Sac QuenUn Prison. ¦ MARVIN FORn. '
HEAL ESTATE—CITY FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. }
25 Post st.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
Rents Collected. Loans Negotiated.
City Ag'ts for Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.
Publishers of the "Buyer and Seller," a
monthly paper devoted to the Interest of real
estate- owners and those intending to Invest.
Contains a full list of property for sale. Free
on application.
?25,000 — Rents $240; marine view corner, 60
feet; 3 houses; Inside location; very
choice; Leavenworth st.
$10,000 — Geary-st. Investment; only $3000 cash
required; $70C0 mortgage can remain;
price greatly reduced for Immediate
sale: large lot, 35x137:6, with splendid
..3-story building; rents $.936 per an-
. num.
$6,150 — To be sold for absent owner; 2 very
choice flats fronting on Frederick st. :
lot 25x116:6; rents $600 per annum;
sec these flats if you are looking for
an investment. ¦ , ¦-
$10,000 — Foreclosure sale; splendid residence on
Green ct., with 0 rooms and bath; ma-
rine view; lot 27x127:0.
' $18,500 — Prominent business corner on Devisa-
dero st.; large lot. 32x100; first-class 3-
Btory building, store un'der; 3-year
leasi« ; rents $132 B0 per month.
$7,000— Minna st., near 4th; lot 25x70; frame
building; rents $60 per month.
$12,500 — New building of 3 flats of 6 and 7 and
7 rooms and bath each; rents $112 50
per month.
$3,250— Rents $36 pur month; Welch St., near
4th; lot 23xS0; 4 flats of 4 rooms each;
rents §30 per month.
$2«,0CO. $24,000.
Elesar.t chance for speculation and Invest-
ment; ?J.000 profit within three_years; prop-
erty now pays nearly 0 per cent net; large
corner on Sd £t. ; particulars at office.
— — — - \
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post st. ¦
SPECIAL.
$5000 — Rents $12 50; Store and flat; 25x125;
business property; Castro and Market sts.
$3C0O — Rents $40; 4 flats near 3d and Townsend;
double frontage: a bargain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post st.
_______________ .
209 Montgomery st.
2C9 Montgomery ft.
209 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
SELLING, " LEASING.
RENTS COLLECTED, INSURANCE.
$50.0(K) — Lnrklr>-st; business corner; 87:6 front-
' age; stores and lodcing-house; leased
and rayinz 6 per cent net.
$16,000— Vicinity Bush and Kearny; stores and
three- floors above; brick building; lot
fronts 35 feet; rent* $265.
$35,000 — Howard St., near 3rd; 50x160; 8000 sq.
feet; Kiy lot and two frontace3: this
lot on "rd st. would -be worth $100,000.
$25 00O— Northeast cerne*; new building; rents
$224; lot 3tJ:6xlOO: Pacific Heights dis-
trict.
$21, COO — Larkin-st. business corner: lot 35 ft.
frontagp; rents $1SW> annually. ,,
$20,000 — Polk-st. business property; 2 stores
and lodginjf-hous"-; lot 30x95; rents $145;
$10,000 bank me rt t:aze can remain.
$15,0<X> — Pine st., near Scott; lot 42x137:6; 2
two-story and basement houses in fine '
condition; renting under Ifase for $125
per month; $7000 ba^k mcrUage, 6 per
cent, can remain; nets over 10 per cent
on investment.
$12.500 — Throe magnificent flats; Haight St.;
rents $120; lot 25x137:6.
$10,500 — Valencia St., near 19th; 2 stores and
3 Cats; rents $77 50.
$5,600— Ner.- building; store and fiats; close to
Fourth and Howard; rents $.'70 oer an-
num; $2250 bank mortgage, 6 per cent,
can rcniain; tenant makes repairs; pays
12 per cent net.
$5,C00 — Mission business corner; 3 stores;
rents $480 yearly; lot 43xSO.
RESIDENCES. |
$15,000 — California-st. residence; 12 rooms and
bath; lot 35x137:6; choice block.
$9,000 — Splendid home; 9' rooms and bath;
lot 30x117:6; $0000 mortgage can remain.
$1,500 — Four-room cottage; lot 27:6x100; Mis-
sion warm be!t. '
CHOICE LOTS.
$35.000 — 2 oornen« and 3 frontaees: NW. cor-
¦¦ ner Gonirh *»t.; 137:6x127:8 ft.: unsur-
passed marine and city view; sheltered
from winds by Lafayette Square; very
select residence site.
$8,000— Broadway^ north side and best resi-
dence block; unobstructed view; lot.27x
137 :6.
$4,000— Market-st. lot; 25x100; adjoining cor-
ner lot Improved with $15,0U0 building
and leased for ten years.
SPECK & CO..
200 Montgomery su opp. Mills building.
CHEAPEST BUILDING LOTS
NORTH OF THE PARK.
Only $9(35 each.
In easy Installments. •
First payment $50. and $25 per month.
On 11th ave., near Point Lobos j.ve.. 25x120.
Lots graded, street graded, macadamized
and sswered; gas, water and electricity ready
to turn on: fine marine view; elevated and
sightly: California Title Insurance Company
has -Insured the title; this Is the last chancd
ever to get such cheap lots and on such easy
terms; bank will lend IC.'.o on each lot.
W. J. GUN.V,
r.30 California st.
(Savings Union building.)
$1 2fi PER week: no Interest: lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level: no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little borne
cn; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., room 5.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot:
$S a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your in-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
WE have some special bargains In city prop-
rrty; nlro homes Cn easy terms lo^Berkeley
and A!ame<iii: cnll or send for what you
want ROTHERMEL & CO., 507 California.
Krc-c homestead presented by Daetl Sam under
new Government canal; -Nevada. Pee J. E.
Gortlon.(:2R Crcssley b!4g..2:3Q to 5 p.m.daily.
MONEY at C per cent for the full jo»t of build-
. ir.Ks and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-8 Crooker building;.
$2CC0 — New modern cottage; 4 rooms; hath;
easy terms same as rent. . 3:51ti Mission st.
ALL work jruaranteed nrst rlns«i by AHL-
BACH fc MAYKR. piurr.brr?. MO Howard st.
HKAIj KsTATK — Connirr — Kor Sale.
1G0 ACRES U. S. patented land at V.'awcna
summer resort. Marlr>osa County; price $20
per acre; some Improvements: abundance of
wco<i and water; a fine hotel site. Inquire
of A. B. VAN_CAMPEN. Marlp^ea. Cal.
FOR farms, timber, grazing and alfalfa lands,
orchards and vineyards and stork 'ranches,
call on or s*nd for catHloguc, ROTHERMEL
_ CO.. 507 California st.
ALFALFA lands, stock lancheu. . orchards,
vineyards' inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64*
Market tt. n .
' j'oi.vr ui<:im<iM) iu;.u. k>t.ii k.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege, on Santa Fe
and-tlectric roads; land JSOO per acre; lots
50x200 at $150; orchard of ]."> acres and
buildings. $4C0 per acre; monthly payments.
send for maps, etc. HAIGHT. 401 Cal.st..S.F.
STORAGE AN'D WARGHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. -72.1-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
A— GILBERT _ STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Nes«: offlce 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
PlEItCE-RODOLPH Storage _ Moving Co. of-
fice Post p.nfl Powell sts.; tol. Pri. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'P Storage — Furniture and merchan-
i disi. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. S40
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F.W.Zehfusa.
I PACIFIC Storace •snd Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 2S1.
; EEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomcry
«t.. tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.'
JCYPEWSITERS AIID SUPPLIES^
AN except'onally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters ¦ at
hljrher and. lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. _ M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gn.zrt*ry st . . ¦ ¦ - ¦ . . .
"REMINGTON"— Excellent condition; a bar-
gain. Address box 1207, Call office.' •
2D HAND typewriters sold, rented, .repaired.
Wohater Typewriting Inspec. Co., 608 Market. !
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED — 2 unfurnished rooni3 for housekeep-
ing:. Box 1125. Call. ,
THREE unfurnished rooms wanted for hcuse-
keeplng. Box 11S7. Call. '
STAB__S TO _-T.
STAELE and shed to let; rent $0. 437 Flf-
tecnth St.. near Lick School.
SPECIAL .\OTICE3.
THE fcllowlns children have been admitted by
the San Francisco Nursery for Hcinelesa
Children: Wilda Cuptlll. age 4^ years.
abandoned; Dorothy Wtlburn. age 14 months,
orphan.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS^r.d NCI?E3 In EAR9
PDsitively cured; new methods: 1 w^ek'8 treat-
»rcnt free. Dr. Cotttngham. 204 Sutter st.
VIAVI. i __
MOTHERS' and daughter*' home treatment;
booklet mailed free: correspondence invited.
VIAVI CO.. 2304 Van Nesa ave.
DIVIDEND XOTIC-S.
DIA'IDEND Notice: Phoenix Savings. Build-
ing and Loan Aisociatlnc — For the six
months ending June 20. l&Ol, dividends hava
be*n declared on deposits In the saving de-
partment as follows: On term certificate*, at
the rate of 5 per cent per annum; on ordi-
nary savings accounts, at the rate of 4'j
per cent per annum, free of taxes and pay-
able cn and aftar July 20. 10O4. The "Phoe-
nix" has a guarantee-! capital of $200,000 ar. 1
a total paid in capital of S1.20O.00O. Its
board of directors are: A. A. Watklna. presi-
dent; Charles R. Bishop, vice president; S.
Prentls* Smith, treasurer; George C. Board-
man, director: Gavin McNab. director:
Charles E. Ladd. director.
CLARENCE GRANGE, Secretary and Man-
aging Director.
OFFICE of The Hibernia Savings and Loau
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jone3
st*.. San Francisco, Jun e 27, 1904. — At »
regular meeting of the Board of Directors of
this aoclety. held this <ta.y. a dividend ha*
been declared at the rate of three and onv-
fourth (.'Hi) per cent, per ar.nurn on all de-
posits for the six months ending June ;!»>.
19«>4. free from all taxes, and payable ua and
after July 1, 19O4.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor.
Mutual Savings Bank building. 70S Market
st.. opposite Third — For the ta!f year end-
Ing June SO. 1904, a dividend has been de-
clared at tee rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable oa aad
after Friday. July 1. 19<>4.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD, Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Depoutt
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery ita. — For the six months ending
June 30. 1904. dividends have been declared
on deposits In the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deposits, at
the rate of 3 «-10 per cent per annura. and 03
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
p«r annum, free of taxes and payabla oa and
after Friday. July 1. ls*>4.
J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, corner of California and Battery streets.
Ean Francisco, has declared a dividend of
8 per cent per annum on Class "A" and
"F" stock. 6 per cent OE term deposits ani
6 rer cent on ordinary deposits, for the. six
months endins June SO. 19O4.
¦WASHINGTON DODGE. Pre-»(dent.
WTLLIAM CORBIN. Sec. & Gen. Mgr.
DIVIDEND Notice: San Francisco Savins*
Union. 532 California «t.. corner Webb. —
For the half year ending with th« 30th of
June. 1304. a dividend has been declared at
the rate per annum of three an<1 one-half
<S^i) per cent on term deposits and three (3>
per cent on ordinary deposits. fre« of taxe*.
payable on and after July 1. 1904.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice — The French Savings Bank.
313 Montgomery st.. for the half year end-
Ing June 30. 1004. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of thre« and one-quarter
<Si,i) per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Friday.
x July 1. ltt>4. -
LEON BOCQUERAZ. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: The German Pavings an<t
Loan Society. 526 California st.— For tn» half
year ending June 30, 1304. a dividend haa
beea declared at the rate cf three and one-
quarter (3*4) per cent per annum on all da-
posits free of taxes payable on and alter
Friday July 1. 10O*!
GEORGE TOURNET. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: Mechanics' Savings Bank,
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery st*.
— For the half year ending with Juna 30.
1304 a dividend has been declared at the
rate' of three and one-«iuarter <3Vi) per cent
per annum on all deposit*, free of taxea. pay-*
able cn and after Friday July 1. 19O4.
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: Mutual Savings Banlc
cf San Francisco, 710 Market st. — For th»
half year ending June 30. 1304. a dividend
has been declared at the rate of three and
one-quarter (3<4) per cent per annum on all
deposits, free 01 'axes, payable on and after
Friday, July 1. 1!X>4.
GEO. A. STORT. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Security Savings Bank.
•J22 Montgomery St.. Mills building.— For th»
half year ending June 30. 19O4. dividends
upon all deposits at the rate of three and
one-quarter OH) per cent per annum, free)
of taxes, will be payable on and after July
1. 19O4. FRED W. RAT.J Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: Hutnbcldt Savings Bank.
IS Geary *t. — For the half year ending June
30 a dividend on deposits has been declared
at the rate of 3Vi per cent per annum, fre*
of taxes, payable on and after July 1, 1904.
W. E. PALMER. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Savings and Lean Society.
101 Montgomery st.. corner Sutter. baa de-
clared a dividend for the term ending .'un*
10, 1004, at the rate of three and one-quarter
(3&) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes and payable on and after July X,
19^4. CYRUS W. CARMANT. Cashier.
STrTTERI.NG AXD STAMMEIU.XG.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness _ Market,
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
Melbourne In V. S. : private; established 3
ytare In S. F. Tel. Mint 2C23 from 1 to 5 p-tn.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wer» issued
yesterday:
Alexander McMillan. 41. 1233 A Howard
St.. and Tertsa C. Brennan. 39, 1233A Howard.
Calvin V. Welbon. 21. Seattle. Wash., and
Hattle A. Burke. 21 U'.ll Marfonlc avenue.
Andrew L. Johnston. 21. 1311 Masonic ave-
nue and Sadie E. Burke, 19. 1311 Masonic a-r.
John W. Shay. 30. l.V»% Howard «rset, and
Rose A. McCa!l. 21. 270 Oak street.
Sidney M. Ehraan, 30. city, and Florenc*
N Hellman. 21. city.
Jesse N. Gcldthwaite. 21. 1315 A Ellis street.
and Eva A. Mclntyre. IS. 102S Pierce street.
William D. Wocd, 4H. 13fitt Mason etreet. and
Sadie Newman, 2O. 1319 Buchanan street.
George Klein. 23. 1* Verona place, aad An-
nie M. Ahem 23. 11 Hunt ftreet. .
Alexander G. Page. _:. Berkeley, and Ger-
trude Wheeler. 2-1, San Diego.
Oskar Schlndler. 29, Petaluma, and Mart*
Roth. 23, Petaluma.
Matthew A. Fitzgerald. 26. city, and Mary
A. Reardon. 22. city.
David Nellson. 21. 5«4Vj Bryant street, and
Jeannett© Corula. 20. 561 Jj Bryant street.
Robert A. Dean. S3. Ill* Leavenwortb street,
ar.d Constance Lawrence, 24. 143O Leavenworth.
Daniel Kelly. 30.' city, and Elsie McAllister.
23, city.
Albert M. Do vis. 2S. St. Louis, Sierra Coumy.
and Myrtle A. Farren. 20. Port Wine, Sierra
County.
Louis H!r?ch. £!), K17 Bush street, and Till'.*
Savannah, 2."», CCU Fell street.
Guiscppe l.'-K-r.lsrr.sni. '¦'¦'¦>. Healdsburg, aad
Agnese Blaginl. 31. Healdzburg.
Philtp L. Van Tasselt. 2rt. 1000 Scott »tr.~t.
and Augusta E. Dawson. 2*. 2219 Devi*alarow
Jean M. Boudaux, 2U. Santa Rosa, and Psarl
H. Mactntyre. 2"_', Santa Risa.
Amedeo Rappa. 53, city, and Mary Fltjger-
aid. 34. city.
Simon W. Frank. 25. Baltimore, isni !„»•
E. Hecht, 21. 21C0 Washington street.
Albino Brosio. 24. 405V, Filbert ftreet. z.nd
Florinda AlessJo, 17, 22" la Francisco sirs-et.
Feleca Alessio. ID. 2C5H Francisco street,
and Vlncenza Brosio, 19, 4C3 1 i Ftl^rt strvut.
tlh r iH--MARBIAGES-ilKAtii- '
Birth, marriage and death notlw* wnt ty
ir.all will not be Inserted. Tlx-y must b« nande 1
In at either of the publication offices and b*
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the sjme publish*—
Notice* restricted simply to the annouacemont
of the event are published once in this colun:a
free of ciiarse.
~DORN.
BERRY— In this city. Jim* 23. 19C4. to in*
wif«- of Olln L. Berry, a son. .-_ s ¦
j DORWARD — In this city. June IS. IDi>4. io •>*»
wire of David Dcrward Jr.. a son.
MARX— In this city. June 23. 1004. to the wife
of Aarcn _ara (nee Harris), a son.
SMITH— In this city. June 2t!. 19O4, to the
wife of Fred H. Smith, a son.
WYNNE— In this city. June 11. 1904. to »h»
¦wife of Henry J. Wynne, a son.
I Coutinued From Page Fourteen.
I i___ L__ ____'¦ C) H f t h -r A I NRh )S <DE_D>Cardoza Held to Answer.
MARTINEZ, June 27.— Manuel Car
doza to-day was held to answer for
the killing of Dr. Powell. His bonds
were fixed at $26,000. This is the sec
ond preliminary examination of the
defendant on the charge of -murder,
the first resulting In disnalssaV
FRESNO, June 27. — Charles E. Grif
fith, a well-to-do retired merchant of
Nebraska City, Nebr.; who has been
in Fresno for a month working for
his health on the Dexter farm, was
killed this afternoon. While standing
on top of a load of alfalfa hay driv
ing the wagon struck a chuckhole.
Griffith lost his balance and slipped
from the load, falling headlong to the
ground and breaking his" neck. He
leaves a wife and family in Nebraska
City.
Retired Merchant of Nebraska City,
Nebr., Meets Death by Accident
on a Farm Near Fresno.
FALLS FROM LOAD OF
HAY AND IS KILLED
FRESNO, June 27.— Fresno will this
week have one of the beat automobile
clubs In existence. The name is to be
the Automobile Club of Central Cali
fornia and it will incorporate with
.$50,000, comprising 500 shares of $100
each. The club will construct a
straight speedway eleven miles long,
from Fresno to the San Joaquln River,
200 feet wide, with two courses of
seventy feet in width and a thirty-foot
shrubbery bed in the center. The
roadway has all been donated. A
clubhouse will be erected at the large
grove on the San Joaquin, near Hern
don Bridge. - ,
Xew Organization Plans for Magnifi
cent Speedway Eleven Miles
in Length.
FRESNO CITY WILL HAY'S
GREAT AUTOMOBILE CLUB
The Overdue List,
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Juteopolls, Queen
Elizabeth, La Rochefoucald. Largo Law and
Willy Rlckmers, 7 per cent: Wynford. 15 per
cent; Parknook, CO per cent, and Laura, 90
per cent.
San Jose Sails.
The Pacific Mall . Gompany's steamship San
Jose, Captain Brown, sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports. She carried about
twenty passengers, and her cargo Included a
large shipment of California wine.
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
The steamer San Jose, which sailed yester
day fcr Panama and way ports, carried a gen
eral merchandise cargo, valued at $87,866. to
be distributed as follows: For Mexico, $3076;
Central America. $49,705; Panama, $3521;
Colombia. $C65; Chile, $259; New York. $27,242;
Jamaica, $105; Trinidad Island, $600. The
leading exports were as follows: /
To Mexico — 1150 gals wine, 1510 lbs coffee,
220 gals vinegar, 32 pkgs paste, 800 lbs 7 cs
meals . 4 pkgs liquors, 20 cs salmon, 50O lbs
spices', 480 lbs bread, 7 ca canned goods. 28
gals 3 cs whisky, 19 pkgs ft-esh fruits, 40 pkgs
potatoes and onions, 830 lbs cheese. 22 pkgs
nails, » colls rope, 114 bars Iron. 23 steel beams,
IS bdls snooks, 4000 lbs asphalt, 4 pkgs am
monia, 2375 lbs cyanide potassium, 13.3S6 ft
lumber. 17 head cattle.
To Central America — 3829 bbls flour, 3615
gals 86 cs wine, 178 gals 160 cs whisky, 141
gals 37 cs liquors, 6 pkgs beer. 15 cs brandy.
5-1,228 lbs rice, 419 lbs ham, 303 cs assorted
canned goods, 48 cs canned salmon. 5017 lbs
spices, 1736 lbs 1 cs raisins, 64 pkgs table
preparations. U pkgs olives. 113 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 16 pkgs paste. 53 pkgs onions,
10 pkgs potatoes, 16 pkgs dried fruit, 403 lbs
bread, !>21 lbs beans. 705 lbs butter, 611 lbs
meals, 36,278 lbs tallow. 19,430 *lbs soda, 5
pksss leather, 50 bales cotton. 239 pkgs paints
and oils, It bales bags. 20 cs ammunition, 17
pkfrs machinery, 20 bdls pipe, 41 pkgs paper,
1C bxs soap, 630 lbs zinc, 1939 lbs copper, 33
pkgs nails. Ul pkgs dry goods, 70 bbls cocoanut
oil, 221 sks coal, 72 bbls cement. 10,000 lbs
sulphur, 11 cs 1 drum coal oil, 60 kegs blasting
powder. 12 pkgs car material.
To Panama — 3635 gals wine, 106 gals whisky,
2684 lbs sugar, 20 cs table preparations, 40 cs
canned goods, 1200 ft lumber, 4000 lbs cement,
94 colls rope, 12 cs soap.
To Colombia— 120 bbls flour, 24 cs salmon, 2
pkgs potatoes and onions.
To New York— 01,402 gals wine, 104 gals
brandy, 20.190 lbs dry hides, 106 bales cattle
hair 08.230 lbs bone black.
To Jamaica — 35 cs canned salmon.
To Trinidad Island— 150 cs canned salmoa.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. 8. N., Mer
chants" Exchange, Baa Franclaco, Cal..
June 27. 1904. . . ,
The Time/ Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
|-e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p m, Greenwich time. J.C.BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. \
Monday. June 27.
Stmr Sierra. Houdlette. 29 days 7 hours 6
minutes from Sydney, via Honolulu 8 days
13 hours 5 minutes.
Stmr Chehalis, Martin, 44 hours from San
Pedro.
* Stmr F. A. KUburn, Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rodrers.
Stmr Mandalay, Smith. 28 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen, 23 hours from
¦Eureka. •
Stmr Alcatraz. Anderson, 42 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Nicolson, 41 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman, 33 hours from
Coos Bay.
Schr Bessie K, Stark. 11 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Schr Queen. Paulsen. 12 days from Port
Ludlow. to Vallejo direct.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Griffin, 3 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Bo
dega.
CLEARED.
Monday, June 27.
Stmr Coos Bay, Johnson, Ean Pedro and
way norts: P C S S Co.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, Eureka; P C 8 8 Co.
Stmr San Jose, Brown, Panama and way
ports: P M S Co. .,.' .;
. SAILED.
\ Monday. June 27.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Half moon Bay.
Etmr F. A. Kllburn, Jahnsen. Port Rodgers.
Stmr Eureka, Jecsen, Eureka.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, Eureka.
Stmr Chehalis. Martin. Grays Harbor.
Stmr San Jose, Brown, Panama and way
ports.
Schr Alpha, Jensen, Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN
June 19— In lat 41 38 N. long 31 42 W. Ital
ship Emanuele Accame, from Hamburg for
Halifax.
June 15 — In lat 25 N, long 21 W, Br bark
Strathdon. from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Per pilot boat America — June 27. outside
lightship, bktn W. H. Dlmond, from Hono
lulu, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 26, 10 p. m.— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived June 26 — Ger stmr Lux
or, hence June 23.
Sailed June "7 — Stmr Umatilla, for San
Francisco.
Sailed June 26^ — Stmr Santa Clara, for Valdes.
Arrived June 27 — Stmr Queen, hence June 24.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 27— Stmr Bo
nlta, hence June 24; schr Olga, from Eureka.
I Sailed June 27— Stmr Westport. for West
port; stmr Bonlta. for San Francisco.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived June 26— Stmr
. Marshfleld. hence June 25.
CLEONE— Arried June 27— Stmr James S.
Hlffgins, hence June 25.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived June 27 — Stmr
I Santa Rosa, hence June 26, and sailed for San
I Dteco. - ¦
TATOOSH— Paesed In June 27— Stmr San
I Mateo. hence June 22, for Tacoma: bark Ser
vla, hence June 11, for Tort Townsend. Passed
out June 27 — Stmr Santa Clara, from Seattle
for Valdea.
Passed In June 27 — Ger stmr Luxor, hence
i June 23. for Seattle; etmr Robert Dollar, hence
] June 21. for Mukllteo.
NOME— In port June U — Wh /tmx Belve
dere lost propeller. *
ASTORIA— Sailed June 27— Stmr Costa Rica
for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 26^-Stmrs
Olympic and Santa Barbara.' for San Fran
cisco: echr C. A. Thayer, for San Francisox
Arrived June 26— Schr Halcyon, from Al
tata.
Sailed June 27— 8chr a B. Jackson, for Ho
bart,
EUREKA— Arrived Junt 27— Stmr Coquille
River, hence June 23 1 itmr Oualala. hence
JU A?rlv^d June 27— Stmr Pnoenlx. nenc»
JU Sailed June 26— Stmr Corona, far San Fraa-
C SAN DIEGO— ArrtTed June 27--Stnir Pas
adena, from Eureka.
COOS BAT— Arrived June 27— Stmr A1I1
an BANDON-3£ied June 27-Stmr ElUaoeth.
f0 EUREKA-Sa"ed Jun. 27-Stmr zm. for
Ba FORT dr LO9 ANGELES-Sallsd Jan. 2T-
Stmr Centralla, for San *?*?*E£. tar « <-
ABERDEEN— Arrived June 27— Btmr O. U.
Lindauer, hence June 23.
ISLAND PORTS.
rmrt— Called June 20— Bark St. KatVrtne.
fo?S^Frarfc1sco: bktn Newsboy, for Puget
S °M n <HUKONA-Sa!led June 11-ScJir H. C.
W A^v•ea fO Jun:^7^s n C C nr C Ottlm. Fjord, from
G Ho"NOLULU-Sa«ea June 27-Schr Edward.
R. West, for Grays Harbor.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE — Arrived June 29 — Nor itmt
Retdat, from Iqulque.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TENERIFFE — Arrived June 2<J — Ger tttnT
Mera. hence Feb 14. for Hamburg.
PANAMA— Arrived June 12— Stmr Peru,
hence May 21.
PORT SAID— Arrived June 25— Span stmr
Isla de Luzon, from Liverpool, for Manila.
CALETA BUENA— In port May 20— Dutch
ship Nederland. for Port Los Angelea.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 23— Br ship
Loch Carron for Sharpness.
CHAMPERICO— Sailed June 24 — Ger stmi
Totmes. for San Francisco.
KAICHOW— Arrived June 28 — Bktn Jamei
Tuft, from Portland.
PORT ADELAIDE— Arrived June 1— Br shl;
Beechbank. from Port Blakeley.
PORT PIRIE — Arrived May 10— Br *hlp Blrt
«ton Hill, from Port Townsemi. May 23— Bl
ohlp Crown of Denmark, from Port Blakeley.
NEWCASTLE. AUS.— Sailed May 27— Bt
ship Mooltan. for Acapulco. June 2— Br «ni(
Thornllebank. for San Francisco. ..'
Loading June 4 — Br bark Ruthwell. for Port
land- Br ship Acamas for San Francisco: Pi
bark Battle Abbey, for San Francisco: Br ship*
County of Inverness, Delcalrnle and Dltton, foi
, San Francisco.
HOBART— Arrived May 31— Fr bark Aste
from Antwerp, for San Pedro.
PAGO PAGO— In port June 14— V 8 stm»
Wheeling. U S stmr Adams. O S stmr Wheel-
Ing to sail June 15 for Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMKRS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 27— Stmr Mlrv
netonka. from London; stmr United States,
from Copelhagcn.
Arrived June 27 — Stmr Victorian, from Liv
erpool; stror Varterland. from Antwerp, passed
NantuckPt lightship 6:10 p m.
LONDON— Arrived June 27— Stmr M!^ne.i?
oil*, from New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived June 27— Stmr Ham
burg, from New # York. via Plymouth and Cher
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June 27— Stmr Kal"i
WKhelm der Gro»3e, from New York, fa
Bremen, via Cherbourg.
Sailed June 27— Stmr Pretoria, for Nf»
Tork.
TENERIFFE— Arrived June 27— Stmr Mem
phis, from San Francisco, via Montevideo, let
Hamturs.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point, entrance to 'San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th»
Superintendent. . ¦ \ '• •. ,
NOTE— TT.« biffb and "• low waters occur at
Sun, Moon and Tide.
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nil Bk.I27^ — L P & A 150 160 '
Anglo-Cal .. 8."$^ 88V4 Mer Trust.. ..205 —
Bank of Cal. 424 — Merch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp. — ISO S F Natlonl. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANK8.
Ger S & L.22S0 2350 | Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — (Sec Sav Bk. — 4&0
Mutual Sav. 100 — j I'r.ion T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.640 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..194V4200 jPresldlo 41V4 —
Geary — CO (
POWDER.
Giant 60 61 | Vlgorlt — B
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — 20c Kllauea S C — 4
Hawaiian C. 51 — Makaweli C. 21'4 22
Honokaa S C 114 12 Onomea S C. — 27 U,
Hutch S P C '% — Paauhau S C. 12% 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA.— 137 V* I Oceanic S Co. 4Vi 414
Cal F C A. 97H 00^|Pac Aux FA. 5 —
Cal Wine A. — 90ft Pac C Borx.158 159
MV& MtTm.100 — |
Morning Session.
Street—
20 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar Bl 00
$3,000 L A P R K 1st con 5s 101 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Spring Valley Water Co 38 1214
SO Spring Valley Water Co.* G8 25
$3,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge).... 99 00
Street—
$1,000 CalGiSOHiCT 6e .. 85 00
$3,000 N P C R R 6 per cent 108 75
$12,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6». — 99 IS P C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat «s. — 117 8 P Co 4^8.100 —
Cal ttyr 5s.. — 112% Sun Tel 6»..113 —
M C Wat 5s.l00 — Do 5s — 104%
Ris I Wks5s. — 107% Suttr-st R5s.lO5 113 •
FF Drdk 5s — 113%|uit of SF 4s. 79% —
£F & NP 5s. — lll«i|
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 30 I Mat Nav Co. — 80
Amer Bis Co — JtO | Nev Nat IJk.lSO —
Cal Cot Mils 80 87 | N S R R Co. 9^i —
Cal G&ECor. 45 — N Cal P Co. — 11
Cal Powder..l25 145 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T. I & 1.115 — IOOF Hall A « — .
Cen Bk, Oak — 65 Orpheum Co. — 16
Chutea Co .. — TA PacC Cas Co. 125 —
CHy & C Bk — 112 Pac 8 Tel.. 100 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 7% Pac Sur Co. 110
East Dynm.. — 260 Faraf Paint.. 38 —
DpntPwd pf d — 90 S F Drydock. 60 —
Do com ..35 50 SF&SJ Coal. — 25
FN Bic. Oak. 120 — S J Wat Co. — 103
Fischer Thtr — 90c SO & MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.lOS — Swlss-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect.. 11 13
Hono P Co.. 10 14 UR InC pfd. 47 49U
Lon& SF Bit — 60 Do com ... » —
Morning Session.
'. Board — *
$5,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. . 79 70
Afternoon Session. C.
Board—
8 Cal Gan A Elect Corp 48 00
$8,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. SO 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 40 46
Associated Trust Cerlflcaes. 17 ....
- Aztec .\ 61
Caribou 3 60 ....
Chicago Crude 20
Clarnnont ..» * 70 ....
F< ur 3 00
Fulton .... 3 00
Hanford ....178 00 182 CO
Home '......-.... 150
Imperial .... 18 CO
Independence 24 27
K'.rn 4 75
Monarch -(of Arizona) ...... 25 81
Monte Cristo 65 6"
Occidental of W Va 07 ....
Oil City Petroleum .... &)
Peerless 13 50
Sovereign 33 ....
Sterling 2 50
Superior 04 ..;.
Thirty-three 8 25
Toltec 21 ....
Twenty-eiKht 8 75 R 00
Aepociated Bonds 78 00
Wabarh 25
Pennsylvania .... 35
Miscellaneous —
Cal Jock-y Club .... 125 00
Fifcher'a Theater 80 ' flO
Northern Cal Power 10 50
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 1 00 ....
Morning Session.
1000 Independence ..' 28
100 Sterling, b 60 2 C3
1000 Wabaeh 23 .
Afternoon Session.
100 Central Light and Power 8 87%
100 Claremont .< 70
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. ;
Following were the tales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: .
Morning Session.
1000 Caledonia .... 651 100 Occidental Mi n
The whaling catch to June 14 Is reported to
be as follows: Jeanette 4. Thrasher and Wil
liam Baylies 2 each, Alexander and Belvedere'
1 each, and the balance clean. The Belvedere
lost her propeller early in the cruise. The
fleet was at Nome June 14.
Tlie Whaling Catch.
NAPA, June 37. — The City Board
of Health of Napa has passed strong
resolutions in regard to the vaccina
tion of school children and the use of
toy pistols. On the first subject the
resolution directs the trustees of Napa
school district to exclude from the
schools any child who has not been
vaccinated. Owing to the serious dan
ger of lockjaw resulting from the use
of toy pistols on the Fourth of July
the City Marshal and police are em
powered to confiscate all such fire
arms.
City Trustees Adopt Precautionary
Measure as Safeguard Against
Accidents.
TOY PISTOLS BARRED IX
NAPA ON THE FOURTH
OAKLAND, June 27. — Helen H.
Chabot. as executrix of the will of
the late Anthony Chabot, who died in
1888, leaving a fortune appraised at
$1,348,370.72, has filed her final ac
count of her administration and asks
to be discharged. Almost all of the
estate has been distributed but two or
three pieces of real estate belonging to
the Contra Costa Water Company,
which she asks to be set apart to ths
company.
Property of the Builder of the
Contra Costa Water Works
Given to Heirs.
ESTATE OF ANTHONY ' :
CHABOT IS DISTRIBUTED
STOCKTON, June 27. — The labor
troubles on the Stockton water front
were settled to-day at a joint meeting
of the longshoremen and the feed and
flour packers' unions. The men, who
had been locked out, .decided to re
turn to work as individuals, there be
ing a tacit understanding that the old
hands would receive the preference of
work. Hereafter the mills and ware
houses will be run on the open shop
plan. This is a complete victory for
the mill and warehouse men. The
cause of the return to work is the fact
that a few of the feed and flour pack
ers out on strike went back to work.
The lockout occurred May 16. The
boycott on the Sperry mill has been
raised. The action taken does not af
fect the situation as far as the Holt
Company is concerned.
Employers at Stockton Win the Fight
and Open Shop Rule Will
Prevail.
WAREHOUSE EMPIiOYES
GO BACK TO WORK
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Jeame Seattle & Tacoma June 28
Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria. ... June 28
Porno Point Arena & Albion. June 28
Corona Humboldt June 28
Elizabeth Coqullle River June 23
S. Barbara... Grays Harbor June 29
DelNorte.... Crescent City June 29
Acapulco New York via Panama. June 29
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. June 29
Centralla San Pedro June 30
Eureka Humboldt June 30
Argo Eel River Ports June 30
Korea China & Japan June 3*
Umatilla Pugtt Sound Ports. ... June 30
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena June 30
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Pts. June 30
Curacao. ... — , Mexican Ports June 30
Pomona 4 Humboldt July 1
Gaelic .China & Japan July 1
Santa Monica Grays Harbor July 3
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. July 3
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 8
G. LJndauer. . Grays Harbor July S
North Fork... Humboldt July S
Columbia Portland & Astoria July S
State of Cat.. San Diego & Way Pts. July .4
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor July 4
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... July 5
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma July 5
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. July 5
S. Dollar Hakodate July S
Barracouta... New York via Panama. I July 6
Ramses Hamburg & Way Pts. j July 6
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael.. (July 6
Aitrelta Portland & Astoria lJuly 6
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham.lJuly 7
TO SAIL.
Steamer. ] Destination. Satla. Pier.
June a8. |
Redondo.... /storla & Portland 6 pm]Fler 3
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 amJPler 13
June 29. I
S. Barbara. Loa« Angeles Ports. 4 pmlPler 2
Nevadan... Honolulu & K'hulul 3 pm Pier 23
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Breakwater.' Coos Bay direct 5 pm Pier 8
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2.
June 30. |
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pmJPler 10
Corona "Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Coronado... Grays* Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Porno • Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal | Ean Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20
July 1. I
Costa Rica. Astoria & Portland 11 amjPler 24
Jnly 2. (
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pmlPler 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Bonlta -• Newport & Way... 9 amlPier 11
Marlposa... Tahiti direct 11 amjPler 7
City Panam n. Y. via Panama. 12 m|Pier 40
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. I 5 pmlPler 20
Eureka Humboldt |12 m|Pler 13
July 3. I
S. Ro*a , San Diego 4: Way. 9 amjPter 11
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 amPier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30p|Pler 9
July 6. (
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports IPler —
July 6. | f
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pmlPler 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
July 7. |
Sierra Sydney & Way.... 2 pmlPler 7
Curacao.... Mexican Ports 10 am|Pler 11
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pmlPler 16
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor 4 pm' Pier 20
FROM SEATTLE. ,
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.
Dlrlgo Skagway & Way Ports. June 23
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. June 30
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. July 1
Victoria Nome via Dutch Harbor July 1
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. July 3
Senator Nome July 3
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael. . July 6
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. July T
Farallon J Bkagway & Way Ports. July 9
Patrick T. O'Brien (owner) with Felix Mar
cuse (contractor). architect — All work for
a three- room frame cottage on E line of
Thirty-fifth avenue. 225 S of Clement street,
B 37:6 by E 120; $1100.
F. Purdy (owner) with C. L. Parent (con
tractor), architect — All work except man
tels and gas fixtures for a one and a half
story and basement frame building on E line
of Ninth avenue. 225 N of C street; $2200.
Edward B. Hlndes (owner) with A. Hermann
(contractor), architect Newton J. Tharp — In
terior mahogany finish In main hall lobby
Inner and outer vestibule and cafe for an
eight-story and basement brick hotel on 8 lino
of Sutter street, 164:6 E of Taylor, E C0:9 by
S 137:C; $1348.
John Parker (owner) with H. - Petersen
(contractor), architect Fame — All work for a
two-story frame residence on E line of Shrader
street, 60 N of Parnassus avenue, N 25 by
E 100; $4500.
Elizabeth N. Campbell (owner) with H.
Petersep contractor), architect — All work
for a two-story frame residence on E line of
fihrader street, 75 N 6f Parnassus avenue, N
25 by E 100: $4500.
The Schroth Company (owners) with Gray
Bros, (contractors), architects Armltage &
Cuthbertson— Grading, bulkheadlng, concrete
walls, cement floors and yard, sidewalk, balco
nies for a seven story and mansard brick and
steel building (apartment house) on S line
of Geary street. 107:6 W of Polk,.W 65 by S
120: $32,650. - .
Same owners with Western Iron Works (con
tractors), architects same — Structural . steel,
wrought and cast Iron flre escapes, ornamental
balconies, elevators, grilles, guard rails, win
dow guards, sidewalk doors, patent sidewalk
lights for same on same; $15,360.
Same owner with Val Franz (contractor),
architects same — Carpenter work, mill work,
cabinet finishes, etalrs, refrigerators, rough
hardware (and supply all finishing hardware
provided under separate contract) for same on
same: $35,270. . -
Same owner with W. Heldt Cornice Works
(contractors), architects same — Roofing, • gal
vanteed Iron work, copper (put on terra tiles)
for same en same: $3800.-
Same owner with Martin Carrlck (contract
or), architects same — Metal lathing, plastering,
cementing, cement wash, alpine plaster wain
scot for same on- same; $16,200.
Same owner with J. H. Spark & Co. (con
tractors), architects same — Painting. ¦• ilncrusta,
window shades for same on same; $0700.
Same owner with W. P. Fuller & Co. (con
tractors), architects same — Glass, mirrors, art
glass for same on same; $2600. .
S«me owner with W. .F. Wilson & Co. (con
tractors), architects same — Sewering, plumbing,
gas. fitting, standplpes. pipes with outlet at
each floor for carpet cleaning devices, 1 and 1000
gallon wrought eteel tan, plaster, porcelain
wash trays for same on same; $10,900.
Same owner • with Mangrum & Otter . (con
tractors), architects eame— Steam heating, ¦: ra
diators, boiler tank, oil burning equipment,
wall ana floor tiling for tamo on game; $10,090.
Builders' Contracts.
Polomon and Dora Getz to Rose C. and
Herbert J. Hunt, lot on E line of Twelfth
avenue, 250 S of I street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
P.olland A. and Mary A. Tuttle to J. E.
MacDonald, lot on W line of Forty-flfth ave
nue. 100 8 of I street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Margaretha and M. A. Edelman 'to Anna
Hawkins. Iot on E line of Ninth avenue, 225 N
of K street. N 25 by B 120; $10.
Mary dyne to James Clyne. lots 480 to 482.
Silver Terrace Homestead; also lot 6, block 310.
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; also lot 106. Predta Valley lands,
and lot on N line of Tyler street. 23 W of
Wlllard, W 25 bv N 100; gift.
Baldwin & Howell (corporation) to Henry A.
and Mary J. Harvey, lot 45, block A, Glen
Park Terrace; $500.
Andrew L. Johnston to Charles H. Morrell,
lot on N line nf RIchland avenue, 675 E of
South avenue. E 25 by N 100, lot 82, block 7,
Holly Park; $10.
Meyer M. and Hattle Israel to Andrew M.
Davis, lot on E corner of Folsom and Sixth
streets. NE 100 by SE 90; $10.
John Fleischman to came. lot on NW line
of Shipley street, 75 NE of Sixth, NE 25 by
NW 75; $10-
M. H. and Mary J- Crosthwalte to Charles
B. Humbert, lot on N line of A street. 82:6 W
of Sixth, W 25 by N 100; $10.
Alb?rt Meyer to Ada M. Mooney, Iot on N
line of I street. 40 E of Twentieth avenue, B
25 by N 100; $10.
Herbert F. and Louise A. Mann to Hattls
G. Mann, lot on E line of Fourth avenue, 35 N
of I street. N 60 by E 95; $10.
Antonio and Veronica Flgone to Columbus
Savings and Loan Society, lot on E line of
Jasper street. 77:i5 S of Filbert, S 40 by E 60,
quitclaim deed;*$10.
Columbus Savings and Loan Society to Fran
cesco FiBone, same; $10.
Elizabeth M. Hawkins to Rosalie J. Co
lombat. lot on S line of Pine street, 177:6 E of
Powell, E 40 by S CS:6: $10.
J. W. and Mary Smith to .Ranforth E.
Steele. lot on- N line of I^orabard street. 137:6
B of Taylor. E l'9:t<U. NW 46:4%. S 35:8; also
lot on W line of Taylor street. 137:6 S of Fran
cisco, S 17:6, W 47:1%, NW 22:9>4. B 61:9%;
$10.
E. T. and Helene Fletcher to John Shirley,
lot on W line of Mason street. 94:6 N of Pa
cific. N :8>i by W l.!7:6, quitclaim deed; $5.
Wellington Gregg (referee in action of Ethel
Ross, minor) by guardian vs. Meda F. Frear
et aK) to Meda F. Frear and Mary F. Hallett,
lot on S line of Ellis street. 82:6 E of Jones,
E 27 :G by S 137:6; $28,700.
Estate of Rudolf (or Rudolph) Hohndorf (by
Jacob Samuels, administrator) to Henry B.
Bothln. undivided one thirty-second Interest
In lot on SE lin« of Sherwood place. 237:6 NB
of Third street, NE 17:6 by SE 55; $30.
Estate of Kurt (or Curt) Hohndorf (minor,
by same guardian) to same, same; $30.
MONDAY. JUNE 27.
Adolph Slebrecht to Gustay Slebrecht, lot on
N line of Fulton street, 160 W of Larkln, W
25 by N 120; $10.
Glrolamo D. and Mary Fabrls to Isldor Lip
man, iot on NE corner of Turk and Steiner
streeto, E 31 by N 87:6; $10.
Isldor and Berthe Llpman to Joseph Magner,
same; $10.
Joseph and Caroline F. Nash to Cella Marks.
Iot on N line of Jackson street, 65 B of
Walnut. E 27:6 by N 127 :8»/i: $10.
" Gustav Slebrecht to Adolph Slebrecht. un
divided one-half Interest in lot on NE corner
of Fourteenth and Walter streets, N 93 by M
60; $10.
John J. Smith to Mary A. Smith, re-recorded
1SO:{ L> 307. S. Elizabeth 177. lot on B line of
Douglass street, E 61:4 by S 114; gift.
KEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
200 Con Cal & V.I 08! 100 Ophlr .3 00
S0O Gould & Cur. 19 100 Sierra Nev...: 38
700 Julia 07 300 Union Con 33
100 Mexican 100 200 Utah ......... -13.
Afternoon Session.
600 Alpha 10 400 Mexican »»
600 Andes 12 100 Occidental ... 70
100 Best & Belch. 1 06 200 Ophlr 3 00
200 Bullion 16 £00 Silver Hill CS
100 Chollar 10 200 Union Con.... 35
200 Con Cal & V.I 05 100 U*ilon Con.... . 86
600 Justice 16 1600 Yellow Jacket. 19
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paclflo
StocK Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session,
200 Alta 05 700 Kentuck .'.... 02
100 Andes 12 100 Mexican ICO
COO Belcher ....... 18 100 Ophir 3 05
100 Caledonia ... 64 100 Ophir SCO
100 Caledonia ... 5.'1| 700 Potosl 00
100 Chollar C9| 800 Sierra Nev ..'34
700 Con C & Va.l 05] 200 Union Con .. 31
100 Con C & V.I 02y a 200 Utah 13
600 Con C & Va.l 00j 200 Yellow Jacket. 20
300 Crown Point. 1 21
Afternoon Session.
100 Bullion 16| 200 Potosl 10
100 Con Cal & V.I 05| 300 Union Con.... 35
100 Ophlr .......3 C0[ .. : •
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGED
Following were the salefl on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
COO Bruns Con . . 10 2000 Rescue 10
9300 Espcranza ... 03 1200 Ton Belmont.. 7P
1000 Gold Mt Con. 02| 100 Ton Belmont.. 78
2000 MacNamara . CO 000 Ton Belmont.. 84
500 MacNamara . Cl| 1725 Ton Gold Mt. 19
2600 MacNamara . tw ;:525 Ton Gold Mt. 20
16,600 MacNamara C4| 2400 Ton Midway.. 56
1500 MacNamara . C5 100 Ton of Nev... 8 00
600 Ray & O'Brien 10| 100 West End ... 28
600 Ray & O'Brien 121 200 United Ton .. 09
Afternoon Session.
1000 Brans Con ... 11 200 Rescue 10
6fX> Bruns Con . .. 10 1400 Ton Belmont.. 79
600 Esperanza ... OS 2000 Ton Belmont.. 84
SCK) Esperanza ... 04|3000 Ton Belmont.. 78
500 MacNamara . 64|5500 Ton Gold Mt. 20
1200 MacNamara . C5|400O Ton Gold Mt. 21
COO Mont Ton ..2 47 Vi 600 Ton Midway.. 67
60 Mont Ton 2 50 700 Ton Midway.. 68
600 Ray & O"Brlen 11 1100 Ton Midway.. 69
600 Ray & O'Brien 12 1C0 Ton of Nev. 8 12%
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. June 27 — * p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 10 12|Justlce 16 16
Alta 05 07| Kentuck 02 04
Andes 12 13 K. Graessler.. — 120
Belcher 19 20| Lady Wash '.. — 00
Best & Belch. 1 00 1 15) Mexican 98 1 00
Bullion 16 17 Occidental ... 79 81
Caledonia 55 CO Ophir 3 00 3 06
Challenge ... 12 14 Overman 21 23
Chollar 09 10 Potost °9 10
Confidence ... 80 GOJ Scorpion 15 17
Con Cal & V.I 05 1 10;Savage 17 19
Con Imperial. 01 02|S«?g Belcher .. OS 10
Con NY.... 01 02f Sierra Nev.... 3.3 35
Crown Point.. 11 12 Silver Hill 67 69
E. Sierra Nev 06 — St Loul — 08
Eureka. Con.. — 60 Syndicate .... 03 04
Exchequer ... 36 38 Union Con.... 35 37
Gould & Cur. 18 20 Utah 13 14
Hale & Norc. 62 64 Yellow Jacket. 20 21
Julia 07 081
TONOPAH MINES.
Colehan — 05 Rescue 09 10
Esperanza ... 03 0-1 Ton Belmont.. 78 79
Gold. Anchor. 28 — Ton & Cal.... — 15
Gold Mt Con. 02 04 Ton Exten 97 99
Hannapah M. 25 — Ton & Gt W. — 00
Jim Butler ..50 — Ton Gold Mt. 19 20
Little Ton ... Cl 90 Ton Midway.. 58 59
Lucky Tom .. 02 — <Ton of Nev. 8 00 8 12 »4
MacNamara . 64 — Ton N Star. . 33 35
Mont Ton. .2 47^ 2 50 Ton & S * -ke. — SO
Paymaster ... 06 07 Ton Union ... 10 —
Ray Exten ., — 161 United Ton ... 06 10
Ray & O'Brien 10 12|i:topla 10 —
Ray Tonopah. — 141 West End .... 28 —
Movements of Steamers.
TUESDAY. JUNE 23.
Sun rises •• 4: 12
Sun sets 7:33
Moon rises l...8:03 p. m.
O jTiroe Tlmel JTimel . Tlmel
p / 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft.
J |L W[ |H W| [L W| H W(
2T 5:11—0.8 12:13 4.6 4:42 2.9110:57 6.8
28 6:02—0.8 1:00 4.7 5:22 S.l|ll:38 5.»-
M 6:30—0.6 1:44 4.8 6:12 3.2|
H W L W H W L. w
30 0:15 5.2 7:07—0.3 2:25 4.8 7:02 3.2
1 0:59 -4.7 7:41 0.1 3:03 4.8 7:52 3.2
2 1:40 4.3 8:18 0.5' 3:38! 4.8 8:46 3.2
3 2:27 4.0 8:53 0.9| 4:13| 4.9| 9:50 3.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tide* j
the early morning tides are given In the left .
hand column and the successive tides of the I
day in the order of occurrence as to time; tha
fourth time column gives the lafit tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are la
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference 1* the mean
of tne lower low waters.
Ted Melone", the hero of the wreck,
is in a hospital at Jamestown. He is
more seriously injured than at first re
ported.
Saturday afternoon the work train,
consisting of five flat cars heavily
loaded with gravel and hauled by a
light locomo'tive, was ordered to go to
Jamestown. It met the Angels-bound
passenger train at the Elrico mine and
went on a sidetrack.
The passenger train picked up an oil
car and attached it to the rear of the
passenger coach. Crackenbush then
pulled out on the main line and started
up the long steep switchback. He al
most reached the top and there his
locomotive was overcome by Its load.
The brakes were applied, but they
failed to hold and the heavy train ran
away down the grade, crashed into the
rear of the passenger train, butted the
oil car through the passenger coach
and spread death, injury and destruc
tion.
STOCKTON, June 27.— Exonerated by
the Coroner's jury and discharged by
the railroad company lsB the fate that
the railroad company is the fate that
which wrecked the Sierra passenger
train a few miles from Angels Satur
day night, killing Mrs. Joseph Demar
tirii ;and Mrs. Frank Valente of this
city.- The inquest into the deaths of
the two women was held at Jamestown
this morning. The following verdict
was returned by the Coroner's Jury:
"To the best of our knowledge and
according to the testimony we have
heard, we find that the work train was
too heavily loaded for Its brakes on a
grace such as the one It was operated
on." (
Tlje.crew of the work train wu made
up Of John Goler, conductor; E. W.
Crackenbush, engineer; Sam Lock
wooi'l, fireman; A. Ford, brakeman.
The railroad officials discharged the
entire crew this morning. Cracken
busri is said to be an expert locomotive
engineer and is well liked by all who
know him. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING. June 27.— The citizens of
SIsson are not discouraged over the
fire which yesterday desolated the pret
ty little mountain town. While the
embers are still smoldering In the ruins
plans are being made for reconstruc
tion The greater number of buildings
will be rebuilt In brick and stone.
But for a sudden change of tha wind
during the fire there would be little
left of the town. The volunteer fire de
partment worked stubbornly, but the
fire fighters were steadily driven back
until they reached Postmaster Met
calf'a residence. Here they made a
final stand and when the wind swerved
the town was saved.
The fire that burned threo blocks re
moves the post, express and telephone
offices, and of the "business houses but
one or two very small stores remain.
They are located In "Whisky Row."
The saloons, which compose the larger
part of this block, were not damaged.
The total loss by yesterday's flre will
reach beyond $130,000 and tha Insurance
Is about $80,000. The largest Individual
losses are those of the Schuler-Knox
Mercantile Company, $40,000, and the
Scott-Van Arsdale Company, 137,000. It
Is the biggest fire in Slsson's history
and the town has had some big ones.
Following Is a list of those who were
damaged by the fire:
Schuler-Knox Mercantile Company. IVXOOO;
Scott & Van Arsdale. store and stock. $C5.CC0;
barn and old Van Arsdalo residence. $12,000.
fully covered by Insurance; J. Rlnckel. meat
market. $1500. partly Insured; Keyser A Son,
merchandise, $7000. no Insurance; W. A. Sharp,
lodjlng-house and undertaking parlor. $3500,
Insurance $2000; Leroy Lee. drugs stock an.i
residence. $3100. Insurance- $1000; J. B. Sall
ner. tailor and gentlemen's furnishing goods,
$S0O, partly Insured; W. W. Foster, attorney,
library and office fixtures, $500. no Insurance;
R. W. Requa. drug store, building occupied by
Lee. $1200. Insurance $500; Knapp & Perry,
gentlemen's furnishing goods. $:;C0O. fully cov
ered; Dr. Osborne. office and residence. $1200,
partly insured; Mrs. Henehaw. lodging-house,
$300. no Insurance; Mrs. Clessens. residence.
$50o) no Insurance; Otto L. Haese, attorney.
residence and lodglmc-honse. $800. Insurance
$40O; Sisson Mirror Plant, building and resi
dence, $1500 Insurance $1000; Union Hall.
$1500. Insurance $80O; J. W. Price, store build-
Ing, $1500. insurance $S0O; J. A. Mann, Jewel
er. $10,000. no insurance; Dr. G. H. Burk<»,
office and fixtures, $3<>0. no Insurance: J. E.
Sackvllle. groceries. $1200. Insurance $600;
Frank Pap3t residence. $2000. insurance $1000;
Frank Papst" fruit store and building. $250. no
Insurance: John Sullaway. residence. $1000,
partly Insured; Miss Barnum, residence, $1500.
small Insurance; Lorenzen & Gooch, butcher
shop. $400 no Insurance; J. B. Foffettl. hotel
building $2000 no insurance; Robert Ca!
quino, butcher' shop building. $*0O. small in
surance; H H. Stone, store building. $tfut>. in
surance $CCO; H. H Stone, residence. $30O. in
surance $250: Dr. C. H. Wheeler's office build
ing and fixtures, partly finished residence awi
5000 feet of lumber, about $750; Mrs. Patchen.
boarding-house. $3000. Insurance $1200; Joha
Stuts two residences, $SCO; Hermann <& Em
mons : jewelry store, $500. small Insurance;
Hermann & Emmoiu, household fixtures. $::..¦«•;
Archie Edson. two residences and household
goods $12i»> - small insurance; Archie Edion.
bakery building. $6<V>. no insurance; J. M.
Zeller residence. $300 small Insurance: II.
Pepper, residence. $230. no Insurance: J.
Brookfteld, residence. $500: Jesae Burge. Justice
of the Peace $75: telephone company, loss
about $300: Wells-Fargo and postofflce. loss<>«
$100- II Bascom shoemaker, residence, $SOO,
lnsuknce $300; Harry Lassen. blacksmith.
*1°CO no Insurance; large residence adjoining
Lassen's. owner not known, $15C0, no In
surance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Substantial Buildings of
Brick May Rise on Ashes
of the Wooden Structures
Verdict at the Inquest Says
That the Construction
Cars Were Overloaded
LOSSES ARE SEVERE
COHONEE JUEY REPORTS
Honolulu— S. 55. Topllz, I* Hunningstrorger,
II. F. Gould Miss M. E. Paty. J. H. Bole, J.
Nevln. Mra Henkel. Miss A. Thomas, Miss M.
J Tlcer. II. Morris Reade, Miss C. Burzner,
Mrs. E. C. Hager. Miss Hager. A. Moore. Mrs.
Moore Mrs. C. Gaetze, J. McAdoo. Miss J.
Perry/ J. I* Coke B. Lyons. Miss M. C. Alex
ander, P L. Tople. Mrs. Tople, Miss G. Allen,
A. F. Griffith II. W. Forbes. Mrs. M. Gunn.
MIfs M. P. Wtnne. Miss E. L. Hart. Mrs. M.
McAndrewa. O. P. Ianker. W. C. Crook.
Miss R. E. Crook. Miss D. Barnes. Miss
U Barnes, Miss C. H. Encke.
L. C. Howland, Miss T. Marcos. M. H. Mack.
F. J. Armstrong. Mrs. Armstrong, Mrs. A. R.
Leadlngham and family and two servants, A.
Seale. Miss Hosforth Miss Theiler. Miss E.
Smith. B. R. Banning, Mrs. W. F.
Johnstone. Mips M. Johnston*. O.
Kuntie, A. H. Moftatt. Miss Robinson. Miss
M. Renman. L. Thomns. G. C. Rugg. William
Radley C. J. Johnson. M. Solomon. Master
C. Bond. R. Browne and wife, Mrs. V. Carter
and children W r K. Makakon. E. Rlchardoon,
H. Sanders. ' H Dol. H. Ikyna. T. Tonal. G.
Kohashi, O. Ikuto, H. Imal, K: Makata, S.
Ohush!, I. Cho K. Rueoka. L. Tabuchl. K.
Hasejaur S. Homyama, T. Tamura, R. AkaJI,
M Hoylo, Y. Marazakl. S. Makeyama, M. To
kata, N. Yamada. E. W. Darling.
The Oceanio Steamship Company's
liner Sierra, Captain Houdlette, which
arrived yesterday from the Antipodes,
encountered a heavy storm shortly
after leaving Auckland and for thirty
hours was given every opportunity to
prove her worth as a heavy weather
boat. The wind, which blew In fre
quent squalls, developed hurricane force
and for twelve hours the Sierra made
her way at reduced speed. The liner
weathered the storm In splendid shape
and without much discomfort to those
on board. Several seas were shipped
and one of them knocked down a mess
boy, who picked himself up when the
water receded, with several painful
bruises to show for his eticounter with
the wave.
Among the Sierra's passengers was
Sir Tatton Sykes, the British horse
man. Major Taylor, the negro bicycle
rider, also returned on the liner.
E. W. Darling, the Stanford student
who went to Honolulu to get closer to
mother nature, returned on the Sierra,
The semi-nakedness, which is part of
his plan for securing health in its
primitive vigor, did not meet with ap
proval In the Island capital, and Dar
ling, after having been arrested for va
grancy, was given his freedom on the
condition th^t he leave Honolulu.
The Sierra? brought more than 200
passengers, s-'mong whom were the fol
lowing namefl: .
From Sydney— A. J. Crawford, C. O. Wil
son, L. Johnsori. D. J. Walker. J. H. Furland.
M. M. GllchrlsU Mrs. Gllchrist, H. T. Schlott.
R. Comticc. William Newell, S. Laskar, George
A. James, George S. Barker. C. A. Sperry, J.
Thompson. Mls3 M. Stanton, Mrs. A. Rodda,
A. Rosenwald, F. P. Taylor, Major Taylor.
Mrs. Taylor, Mlsa Taylor, Mrs. H. E. Moore,
J. R. Gray, R. Thomas. Miss M Cotter. W.
Cotter, Miss E. Aubusson. S. Boyce. Mrs. F.
Stanley, Miss G. Stanley. G. W. Lucy. Master
Moore, Mrs. M. r>. Potter, Miss Todd, Mrs. F.
McQuade, Miss McQuade, Mi3s F. A. Lewis,
Frank P. Taylor, F. D. Merton, L. Laskar,
Mrs. J. MacFedies, Mrs. L. Todd. Mr*. D. Hart
ney. Miss Halnes, Mrs. A. A. Morrison, Miss
E. Morrison. Miss V. Allaway, Miss G. St.
Leon, Sir Tatton Sykes, Lady Sykes, Mr.
Mlddleton, Miss Falk, Miss A. F. Thompson.
Captain C. L. I>avis, K. Gray, J. M. Alvares.
Mrs. Alvares, Mlsa J. Stead, Miss A. Stead.
V. F. Cole, John 0"Donnell, R. McMillan,
Thomas Robinson, F. Haaa. H. G. Lovat, M.
Yahominlc, John Constanius, L. Dommencok,
H. Splndler. T. Barzloni, R. C. Neil, A. Bear
park, T. Magsed. R. Weibel, A. Lucksick.
John Hardman, S. Goldsmith. P. Thompson.
J. Freshman. M. Tesllca; A. J. Cuttack.
Auckland — F. H. Bulkley-Johnson. Mrs.
Draper, Misses Draper, Mrs. Alice Addlson, F.
Jaqusch, R. H. Money, P. Bodeker. Captain
M. de Bathe, E. Pearce, E. W. Gotch. W. B.
Nlcoll. Mrs. NIcoll. A. C. Rolleston, H. J. W.
Lord. John McCarthy. T. G. Mason. Mrs. Ma
son. H. Wilson. Mrs. Wilson. Master Wilson.
Norton Francis, Douglas Le Crew. J. R. Gray,
Mrs. Gray, Messrs. Gray, G. J. Miller, A.
Selfert. O. A. Frledlander, Mrs. P. T. Atkin
son. Miss Atkinson, Herbert Austin, Mrs.
Austin. Dr. William S. Hosklng. Dr.
N. A. Neely, William Thorburn, Mrs.
Klrg.* E. MacBean. John Jackson, James
Leichman. James Smith. S. Lawrence,
Alex Paterson, Francis Whlteworth. G. W.
Knl"htall. W. Lowery. F. Flenders, Mrs. B.
Brehner, Mrs. T. R. Wilson. William B. Jack
son, II. Freyer, John Moore, William Cody. J.
H. Kelley, D. Darnley, F. A. Addenbrooke,
T. i-iowery. L. L. Bates. Charles H. Manson.
W. T. Smith. Thomas Hoult. N. Enrlght. F.
H. Quaterrhan, C. Munro, John Gartley. J. A.
Nelson, C. Harris. S. Arenson. G. T. Hislop,
J. Manson. T. D. Graham. II. Wilson, W.
Brett. Charles McLetgh. C. H. Rowell. S.
Macfarlane. Thomas H. Quarterman. A. Hob
son, J. W. Llnford. B. Brehner, D. McWalters.
D. E. Kennedy.
Pago Pago — Captain Hugo de Bathe, John
Hellesor.
Men Who Figured in Wreck
at Angels Dropped* From
Payroll of Sierra Koad
tli* city front (Mtesh>n-«treet wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort •Point; the height
at tide Is the same at both places.
Little Mountain Town Will
Pluckily Meet the Contin
gencies Caused by Big Fire
Oceanic Steamship Company's Liner Encounters
Heavy Weather After, Leaving Auckland and Has
to Run at Slow Speed— Brings Many Passengers
SISSON PLANS
TO RECONSTRUCT
GALES BESET SIERRA'S
PATH FOR THIRTY HOURS
TRAIN CREW
IS DISMISSED
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALi:, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1904.
14
MARRIAGES AXD DEATHS
Continued From Page Thirteen.
p_ ; — "
. MARRIED.
DAMPING— BROWN— In this city. June £6.
IM fc » the IUv. Wl'.Mam C. rond. AKivd
G Larnpins of Oakland and Edna Bruw.i of
' this city.
pERKZ— WADMAN— In this city, June _6
f«35 by Hip Ber. P. W. Kircher, pastor of
Emanuel nvar.selical Church. Rafael t>.
Terrz and Minnie E. Wadman. both of this
city.
DIED.
I Barry. Joseph I>oop. Harriet N.
i Ber.nett, A. E. Lyons. Cornelius
' Brcklp Mary Mahoney, William
, Carson. Kobert E. McVicker. Alexander
1 Conway. f«arah Murphy, Bridget L.
•• T->e la Our«ta A!lce O'Callashan. John
Fillcn. Nano' Keaser. Mary C.
Ictcher. Ar.nie KeUly. Andrew
i Gallagher. Owen Rice. Jacob
• .Han? Rosa Pparman. Hannah
Jn*«rih. Brother W. Thorn. Anna
Keane. Mary A. Warren, James J.
; Kelleher. M. M. Welth. John
Liddle. .John Hunt
BARTSY — In this city. June 2C, 1904, Joseph
Barry, beloved brother of the late David.
Mirharl and Dan Earry. a native of Ireland,
'. *frd T2 year*.
CTKr'fnds and acquaintances are respect-
, fulfy invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
«Wodn«>fcdyl. at 9 o'clock, from James Mc-
j llanus' funeral parlors. Seventh and Castro
l-Ftrrets. Oakland, thence to Sacred Heart
<"hurch. r-here a requiem hiRh mass will be
raid for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 8:30 o' clock. Interment St. Mary'e Ceme-
t tery. Oakland.
BENNETT— In this city. June 26. 1904.
Abraham Eugene Bennett, beloved father cf
> Mrs. Endora A Mantle and Charles and -
I Edward Bennett, a native of Eagleville. j
I Ky. tped €3 years 9 months and 20 days. ,
J (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- ]
i fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day ¦
1 (Tuesday), June 28 at 10 o'clock, from the
cha^W of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1903
Mtetfcn etrcct. between Fifteenth Rnd Six-
teenth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
by carriage.
blEKLE— In thta city, June 27. 1904, Mary.
beloved wife of the late Fredrick Brekle,
and loving mother of Fred. George. WlUle
and Olea Brrkle Mr*. W. J. Taber and
Sirs. J,. H. McCoy, and sister of Louis and
Gocrge Meyerback. Mrs. C. Johnson and
Mn. S. Farrell. a native of Pan Francisco.
> *ired 48 years 2 months and 21 days. r
£ar.EON— In this city. June 20. 1904, Robert
Careon, a native of London, England. |
1 aged 52 yeare. A member of Austrian Be-
r.evolent Society and Templar Grove No. 19,
V. A. O. D.
CTFYJends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Wednesday). at 1 :.H0 o'clock, from Druid's
, IlEll. 413 Suf.er street. Interment Cypreas
Lawn Cemetery. Remain?! c t the parlors of
L VaWfcte, Marlr.l & Co., l.">24 Stockton street.
CON^AY— In this city. June 27. 1904. Sarah
' Conway,* a native of New York, aged 42 j
[ yeare 10 months and 2 daya. ;
> CTTrlends and acquaintance* are respecl-
I fully lr.vlted to attend the funeral to-day
• tTueeday) at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
«4f H. F. fuhr & Co.. 1137 Mission etreet.
I hetyeen Seventh and Eighth. Please omit
- Cotrers. Cremation I- O. O. F. Cemetery.
2>E LA CTESTA— In this city, June 27, 1904,
Alice, lnfer.t fiauthter of Peter and Nora
I De la CueFta, a native of San Francisco,
'eged 3 month*.
DILLON — In this city. June 27. 1904. Nano
Dillon, «ife of the late John Dillon, a native
j ef Ca^f.el, Ireland. ag€d t!4 years.
) C7"Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
j fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I CU'cinesdayt. at tt o' clock. * from her late
Iresiacnre. 2f«52 Steiner street, thence to St.
Vincent.de Paul's Church, corner of Green
and. Steiner streets, where a requiem high |
I mass will be celebrated for the repose of j
her* eoul. commencing at 9:."0 o'clock. Inter- I
c tuVnt Holy Cros-s Cemetery.
JXETCHER— In this city. June 27, 1904, An-
nie, beloved wife of Jamee Fletcher, and
j fister of Mrs. Pool, a native of Germany.
. ELgf-d 44 yearn.
oCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
J *Wednepda> », at 10:"i> o'clock, from the
• parlors cf J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
•trm. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
tJALLAGHER— In this city. June 24. 1904.
. Owen, beloved husband of Ann Gallagher,
and father of Marion Gallagher, and son
cf John A. and the late Mary Gallagher.
a«d brother of John Joseph N>!lie and
. Kddie Gallapher an.l ' Mrs. P. McIIugh. a
: native.of San Francisco, agf-d 28 years. A
"member, cf Stablemen"? Vnion No. S7C0 and
• Hackmen> Union, Local No. 22*.
C3*K»if-««ls and a^uaintances are respect-
fH'.ly ft-.vited to attend the funeral to-day
• (Tuesday), at »::<(• o'clock, from hie late
' residence. '1625 IThe street, thencf to St.
: Hary's Cathedral. wh»re a requiem high
j teass will b* 1 celebrated for the repose of his
foul, #<jrr.mencinc at 10 o'clock. Interment
H<jly Cross Cemetery.
BANS— m Dimond. Fruitvale. June 26. 1904.
Rota, Rejoved wife of George Jacob Hans,
a native xf Bavaria.
CFriendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
o. 'Tuesday). June 2N. at 1 o'clock, from the
Higgins Methodist Church, at Dlmond. Upper
Frultvale. Cremation Oakland Crematorium.
JOSEPH— June 26. 1H04.. Brother Wlnebald Jo-
seph (Andrew Hughes), a native o£ County
Wettmeath. Ireland, aged 24 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
I fbl!y invited to attend the funeral from the
chape! of St. Mary s College. Oakland, to-
day (Tuesday). Requiem high mass at 9:30
o'clock. Int-rmer.t St. Mary's Cemetery.
KEAXE-Jn this city. June 27. 1604. at the
parents" residence. 29 Rinpgold street, Mary
I A'., beloved daughter of Thomas and Ellen
I Keane. and sister of James P. Keane. a
. native of San Francisco, aged 1 month and
1» daj-t*
KELLEHER— In this city. June 27, 1904. Mat-
thew Melvlne, dearly beloved and youngest
1 child cf Matthew and Marparet Kelleher,
1 and lovlnp brother of Francis Kelleher. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 4 yeare 9 months
. and 12 days.
C7The funeral will tak?- place to-day
i (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the i>arlors of
; McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
. street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
JJDDLE; — In this city. Jun« 26. 1904. Sergeant
j John Hunt Liddie, beloved son of Robert and
1 Clara. Llddle, and brother of William.
1 Thomas. Robert and the late James and
i George Llddle, a native of San Francisco,
I aged 41 years 5 months and 7 daya. (Baltl-
' tnore paper* please copy.)
. . f£TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
?Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the armory,
corner Page and Gough streets, under the
I auspices of Company C. First Infantry N.
i O. C, Interment National Cemetery. Pre-
' • Officers and members of Company C First
J Infantry. N. G. CL and United Spanish War
I Veteran* are hereby requested to report at
i armory, corner Page and Gough streets.
I to-day (Tuesday), at 1:30 p. m.. for the
; purpose of attending the funeral of our late
, sergeant. John H. Llddle. By order of
I *F. K MOORE. Captain Company C, First
Infantry. N- G. C.
1/>OP — In this city. June 2C. 1904. Harriet N.
«Z>ocpw beloved wife of Bldney J. Loop, mother
' i cf Mm. J. K. Hamilton and Frank Sumner
¦ Locp and Bister of Mrs. Isabelle A. Somers
c; a&d Iln. Oetftxe I* Swett, a native of In-
I e:er.a. aged 63 years. •>
,! C7"The funeral will take ' place to-day
' '{ <Tue*dey), at 2 o'clock, from the family
I raildence, 1017 Ean Antonio avenue, Ala-
i med'a. Funeral services private. Interment
s Mountain View Cemetery-
l»YONS-rIn this city. June 27. 1904, Cornelius,
beloved husband of Catherine Lyons, and
• c lovlng father of Michael J.. Helena C, Mar-
I j "caret F. and Josephine L. Lyons, Mrs. D.
1 }.'. Starrett. Mrs. J. T. Hefferman and Mrs.
J A. M. Btarrett, and the late Frank and Cor-
• ! aellua Lyons, a native of County Cork Ire-
. Und. aged CO years. (Cork. Ireland, and St.
: Louis papers please copy.)
C^Th* funeral will take place to-morrow
o I (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 348 Fremont street, thence to St.
I Brendsn'n Church, where a requiem high
j Tr.aes ir'.M- be celebrated for the repose of
hi* bouI. at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HAHONEY— In Oils city. June 23. 1S04. Wil-
liam MaJioney. beloved husband of Margaret
, Mahoney. and beloved father of May and
; Maggie Mahoney. and beloved brother of
i Cornelius Mahoney and the late Margaret
: Lynch, a native of Ireland.
I CyFrierds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attcr-d the funeral to-day
' June 28. at 12:30 o'clock, from
, Me late residence. 49% Hermann street, be-
; tween Mission and Valencia and Twelfth
and Thirteenth streets, thence to St, Joseph'3
Church for cervices, commencing at 1
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JicVICKER— In this city. June 20,' 1904
s.t his residence, 66 Cliesley street, Alex-
ander McVicker, beloved husband of Ann
, E. McVJcker Cousins), and father
: cl Alex N. McVicker Jr. and Mrr Maggie
. i Bolccr. a native of Cushindall, County An-
I trim, Ireland. A member of the Longshore
Lumbermen's Protective Association Local
221. (Dublin, Ireland, Freer^n and New
¦ycrk papers please copy.)
C7Fr>ends and acquaintances are rcspect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday). »t S:.'i0 o'clock, from his late
residence No. C6 Cheelcy direct, thence to
i ft. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
' high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his eoul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Intcr-
m»nt Holy Crors Cemetery.
MURPHY — A solemn requiem nui (an anni-
versary* *'M be celebrated In Mission Do-
lorc* Church to-morrow (Tuesday), at 3:30
o'clock *. rn.. for the repose of the soul of
Bridget E. Murphy, sister 'of Captain Wil-
liam Murphy.
CCALLAGHAN— In this city. June 27. 1904.
John O'Call2?han. drarly beloved husband of
F. J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
CS2V-£dU Mission ft., near ' Nineteenth.
¦¦' £an Fnuiclaca - 1
Mrs. Marie D. Smith desires to return her
sincere thanks to the comrades of the G. A.
R.. Woman's Relief Corps und Ladles of the
G. A. R.. also to the members of the Luth-
eran church who to kindly attended the
funeral of her late husband, Leonard i\
Smith.
CARD OF THANKS,
CTTrlends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
tWcdnesday). ct 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. J1S4 Flfty-elxth street. Oakland.
THORN— In this city, June 20. 1904, Anna,
dearly beloved wife of Benjamin K. Thorn,
and dearly beloved mother of Mrs. E. Soher
rnd Mrs. S. Tilden. and sister of Mrs. L.
Ross and 11. G. Meek9, a native of Wiscon-
sin, aged OS years 8 months end 20 days.
(Calaveras papers please copy.)
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Wednesday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the
residence of her daughter, Mrs. E. Soher,
No. 726 California street, thence to the First
ConprPKatlonal Church, corner of Post and
Mason streets, where services will be held
at 1 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etrry. by carriage.
WAHREN — In Port Costa. June 28, 1904, James
J. Warren, beloved father of Helen and Alice
Warren, and brother of Mrs. D. B. O'Con-
nell. a native of Carlow, Ireland.
CTTrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tueeday.
June 1'S, from his late residence. Port Costa,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a
FOlernn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul. Interment Alhambra
Cemetery, Martinez.
WEITH— In this city. June 20. 1904. John
Welth dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth
Wrttli. and beloved father of Arthur Edward
and Henjamin Lawrence Welth. a native
Norway, aged 00 years 7 months and S
<3avs. A member of Harmony Lodge No. 9,
A. O. U. W., and Court America No. 7916,.
A. O. K. (Sutherland, England, papers
please copy.)
C7"FrIonds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1308 P street South, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth avenues South. South
San Francleco. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
To the officer* and members of Court
America No. 7916, A. O. F., Elrs and
brothers — You are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late brother, John Weith,
which will take place Tuesday. June 28.
at 1 o'clock, from his late residence. 1308 P
street South, between Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth avenues South San Francisco.
Fines for non-attendance will be strictly en-
forced. By order of Chief Ranger.
• C. BRAAKMA, Financial Secretary.
M. DOLAN, Recording Secretary.
RICE— In Oakland. Cal. June 26. 1904. at
2127 Adeline street, Jacob, beloved husband of
Nancy M. Rice, and father of George F.
and Kdward W. Rice, a native of New York,
axed 69 years 5 months and 19 days.
SPARMAN— In Oakland, Cat.. June 27. 1904,
Hannah, beloved wife of Andrew Sparman,
mother of Andrew, Sadie and the late Carl
and Ilalma Sparman, grandmothep of Rich-
ard Sparman. and 6iPter of Mrs. Josephine
Kirckson of this city and Mrs. Augusta
Vllne of Sioux City, Iowa, a native of Swe-
den, aped 60 years 6 month* and 2 days.
<l>enver. Colo.; Sioux City, Iowa; Kansas
City, Mo., and Chicago, 111., papers please
copy. >
CTFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at i):'M o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
A. O. H. Division No. 2— The offlcers and
members of this division are hereby notified
to meet at 777 Mission street to-morrow
(Wednesday), at !> o'clock, to attend the
funeral of our late brother. Andrew Reilly.
JAMES SMITH, President.
/
Catherine O'Callaghan, and uncle of Cath-
erine T. KcMahon, a native of County Clare,
Ireland, aged SS years.
REASER— In Oakland. Cal.. June 27. 1904. at
540 Thirty-fifth street. Mary C. Reaser,
mother of Hrs. Alice Courier, Mrs. S. C.
Ki'.gore, and Charles D., George W. and Wil-
bur A. Reaser, a native of New York, aged
72 years 11 months and 3 days.
REILLY— In tnis city, June 26. 1904, Andrew
Reilly, dearly beloved brother of Maggie and
Beirfle Reilly, Mrs. Jean Sabarros and Mrs.
M. McCarthy, a native of the parish of
Knockninny, County Fermanagh. Ireland,
aged '2M vent*.Poultry "ec*-ei ti« we«* wtta th* 2__rk«
fcearily seppiied aad caly ¦ US* faaeiest ye^ajf
stack showed acy ftnrau. T&ree earSosd* ef
Western, laelwdiag eae tiat wits tsroed «rer
to a retailer by tie Idmuwtei*, were brocicit
isto aa ? alreaidy <nrerssac_ed raarket a_d a
faertJi car. wfcjcis ctae to baxti rai&er late.
was beM «*er f» t»-«_y'4 csariirt.
POULTRT— Lire T«rk-r». H?13e per »;
Geeu per c*ir fl 2&0I 30; G^Its;*. tl »Sr ':
C-tii. -- * J S-t 30 B« <#sea :»- ;Ji asd
Poultry and Game.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST- LOUIS. : Jess : 57.— 'WOOL— Fins. Me.-
Miscellaneoas Markets.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Joe* 27. — CATTLE — Receipt*.
' \1,fJi». Strsstn- Goo«J t» FTtca- steers. iZ t&©
! <5 O; peer ta raMisTa. f « 5<r«3 *i0: stoci*rs aai
i feeder*, f I SDS4 ZQz caws. SI X<g4 23; teifersi.
f2^S 73: ea=r:er». f 1 »62 «H-, bvllt. f2«4 23;
I calres. f2 5<5^e; Terms fed attCCTE f.1 1.-84 l*.
K9GS — Receipts ; T^-dsy. 38.€»»; ts-avwrow-.
1 2(>.e«> 5c kiwir. Mixed aad bcteaers, f3 1*8
3 33; $t»<S 19 eJsot«e icary. |3 2Ofj3«; Ktigb
bsfary |3I*>83 39; I^«_. $31Sg5 3*>; bclk cf
s*I-s. «3 2S£3 SO.
SHEEP— Reeeipt*. 1*.C*>>, Steady. Geed ta
! cfe-^ee wetier*. f4 5<^3; fair t» efcoic« tatxed.
- S3 7Cif|4 Cd: Westertt sa«*?. f3 SC4t4 13; catrte
lastbs. J*g7; Westera Usib*. 34S3.
Omaha.
O34AHA. X«br-. Jcr< TT.—CATTT^—Re
1 cefpts. 1«C«>- Aient ¦ lC©l3e tidier. Xati-ns
; tte*ra. *4 5C«- 23; cow* aad heifers, S3 23-@
i 4 73; ca=*r»- 51 ZSQjAz stocters tsi festers,
f2 5e"^4 19; C4lT«e. J2 SC.G& 3«: t-3». «2 3C<©4 3*».
HOGS — Receipts. 5C«». 3c lower. Heary
J3 Ii<s3 25: ratxed. f3- 65.^3 1&: tr*it. f 3^3 15;
pt?s S4 35g3: tali oi s_I-*s. S3 CS£3 13- -
SHESP — R«cety£». 45O). Steady. Westers
psarffisjs. H 5>§i25: weti*rs. tt 30^3: ewes*.
t3 COM S<>: ccsiasea aaJ stacier*. S2 7i©4 5O;
:t_ = i !^ S*»@7. ... • " -,
Kansas City.
KAXSAS CTTT. Mo^ Jaae 27.— CATTLE— '
R*e«ipt3 7CmX Steady ta Mte iiyfeer. Xatf**
, steer*. J4 23^S 45: _»t^» ecw^ aad heif»rs. I2-S
3 23; stirktrs aad f«ed»rt. J2 7iQ4 73; fe«s2*.
S2S<»4 25r'=*lTe9. KG4 &h Westers ftaera. «
e<5; Westers ce-ws. S21g4 23^
HOGS — Receipts. C«X«X Steady ta 3c fer orer
Bali «f safes. S3 MSST3 23; beaTT. S3 29«3 30:
P*ci«rs. ii 13£* 3O: pis* aid lixsta, * 4 ZQQ
ZT>. ' „
SHITEP — Receipt*. 23CQL £tros». MsSee*.
14 5»:<gJS0; Untfcs. !«?« 50; :i=r« wetter*, ftj^
4 7>; eves. S3 5Og4 54
Jeceip«s cf Hay were -*ry». befay •*> toss.
1 tach_fed 73 cars. TJtx =s»rtet wa* vtry
G=»i»til«<i aari prie»s cta.ajr«cJ a p-ioi deai. aj
win be «*ea. Tiere was catiias farti«r aew j
ta FeedstaCj. ticc^it tie tead*Gcy ia Roiled '
Barley U d-ywawani. ia «yrE;a^iy wtti tit raw j
eraia..
BRAS- f2?e23 per b».
JtrDDLXXG?— f2*e23 per toa. -
SHCRT5— f22«23 per tea
FEEDSTCFF5— RoHM Barfey. ST* S>et3
per tss: OCcai* Ua! at ti« ssiE. f-tO :-:-?5,V 5O;
>5bbias. fS; Ccc««=at Caie. t22«23: Cbra
MeaL SSTgSlz Cracired Cera. C2 Z0&Z3 Sty.
Mixed Tt*i. XZ2&Z3-. Uvrvt Seaas. S3O@4d per
loa: Brce— j Cc»n Fe*i. 3»3e per ctL
HAT — OW enp — **ri«at_ j; -,-¦;*: Wi«at a=*I
Oat. flO©!3 50; Oat. f3^12; Win Oat. f7@
1*; Bartey a=4 Cat. $3^11: 5ts«i. f75*; Al
falfa. f7$ 10. X«w ere?— Ve»sst-«r VU C*t
;$*€,* per toe; TTbeat S3> 5^912; 'wrb»at aid
O-At. «>S!t »; Oat. S^eiS; CI*Ter. |4 5».1>
* SC: Alfalfa. jeQ7 per ton.
S7RAW-«M«e per bale.
Beans end Seeds.
— —
Ti* raarxet eeEtianes c/xiet as4 <rf a did- ;
•crjsser cfearacter
BEAX5— Bayta. f2 VH&Z 55: Pe*. f2 9>V&X:
Battera. f3: saiaH TTatts. f2 534FJ 1*; larze
Wbite 12 3J#2 «»>: Ptrk. f3 4*§3 30: Red.
34 23*4 50: L_a*. J3 3C*3 40; Rai Kidaeys.
J4 73^3: BXacSeje. 12 CS§2 13 per ctl; Bars*
B**=s. f2«2 3flL
tESDS — Brsw-s Mostari. S4 25^34 SO; TeII*w
Vlastard. f2 i&83; Flax, tl 7S©2; C*=a.rTi
jiigs^e for Eastern: Alfalfa. ««-§•?«; Rape.
ifZ^cz Ti=wtiy tWae; Hensp, 3~«4c per
IS; UUIet. 3.e3fec; Breeas Cora 5«<&i. f2>e21
per tea.
ERIED PEAS— SUcStey*. $3 per ctl; Xllea,
f3 ti; Grtca Peas, C$3 23.
¦ - '• ***' " —
Potatoes, Onions and P^egetables.
Tte Pctato Barret «»* ia ex^eUest cesdS
t!«3 'f or *s2«rs aad'aR T_rieti« cf aew cleaa*j
cs'Qcickly. Otte f*acy lot M wiire stsfd.ca
ti* waarf at $2 25 p«rr e«tt_I» aa>J Ear^y Ro*e
and Garnet C&Ce». wiic_ were wauiw-I far ex
pert. brsHEsit bi^aer prices. Tb« first c_rtc*4
zt b*w croi> Saliaas B_rb«_!ts for the seajea
was Esarketed aj_t s«M off well at f2 13 per
eeutal. Xew Red id T«Uo» Qoisas dSd betier
«=<Jer a fcrfefc «Je=_oi *ad Uzit re«ei?c*.
Pe*5 aad Tcasatoss were tbe fcraest dsscrfy
tfeics ta tie ssarxet fw sstsceUa »?wa» ¦ Vege
tables a3d oeeastoeal sales cf tb* latter were
reported at a siixix adxaaoe <rwr tie eaaxt
aasai cjoatatlca. Cssctnnbers. Scraraer Sq3aj3
_se! Greea I Cera were easier o_d*r tacreased
receipts. AsjaraxTa was steady. wta» tie caa
ners taiias _« t«Ii at tie recef pes at tie
lasfel* rate
POTATOES — Xew TSTaite. 1 1 «OS2 p*t tUp
Early Rx»*. fl 75*81 <3 per ctl; Garset CiiiM.
$1 !<•&! «5i per eti: oM Oreysa Brrbatdcs. fl^
1 3i per etl; d! rt<r«r Bsxfeaaks. S*>=©f I p<r eUL
OXIOXS — Se» Red. 7©ff*5e per sacit ; SU-
TersiiCT. fl 4O61 «O per ctL . - - !
VEGETABLES— Greea Cera. Jl 5^2 25 per i
sask or crate; Afparaxss. *^<c per Ib; R33.
tarts, 3»>§ l 5ee p^r bcx; Gr*ea Peas. |2§2 25 per
saek; Gar4*a Peas, 4 «• §3c per Ib; Stria? a_-i
Wax SeaA«, i.*ir nr Ib; T— satoe? frss- L»
Aajf'Ies. fl 5**<<|1 73 per bcx er erate: Sbi=si«t
g<r_tsb. S^ffTSc for s__a aad fl 22-gl 50 far
larse ba*es: CabSaxe. SI p»r ctl: Carrata, f 1
Mr «aek; Cwecmier* ys&tfic per bcx for
Miryrrtne asd fi t3^1 Zft fcr l»y; Gartc. 4@
5c c<r Ib: Ear* PUst 3-SIflfe E^r Ib: Dri-d P-p.
=ers ?.&10c f-ar »es-*ri-« aad 12ii«l3c se? Jb
far erapcrated; Dried Okra. 12?,&13e per Ib;
Gre<ra Peppen. 16e per Ib fer Chile aad 13923c
far Belt. - _ ; -' ~-~
{ CATTLE. SHKEP AND HOCST
Provisions.
Now tiat tie Saa Fraactsco ~* •'*.". a*» !
beea airascrd to tie lexe! c^ Caicaic taat I
trarket is bf^taaia? ta fan ba^c asaia, hea«« ;
ti>e adxaace benr eeay pr»*e sbrrt-lirwed. Wirw *
fr— = Ci-caj» yesterday rer*3«ed a reaeral de- ,
cUe» aa«l said tiat tie tsarxec was lesizje I
tt? reeect >-.•*—. i-i tiat tie :--** w»r • I
taiirj? tieir profits ca ti« recent rise. Tb* j
seaeral cpt2f«a was ! t "-..«.: tie taspr— r— lent '
tie-* wtu atc-r: c*er, aaf fcroiers were » *. ¦
Tisia? tieir e_rtca»?rs ta realixe asH tax»
t&«tr pfQ&i* '"¦' all ralUes.
Tie ;aa Fraacisco aiarket was <rn*t aad
=caaayed_
CXmSJ> ME^IT? — Bacesi. Iftr per Ib ftari
i*tTy. ICUc f:r Uybr j_edi«=x. 123«c fcr Uyat. »
li"-.e fcr extra Exit as*S l»Sc f-s*- sissar- [
«— red; Eastera »«*a.r-«_T»if Ha=s. l3Ht; Cafl- f
fsreia Haass. 12^c; Xess Beef, flog
14 3«> per b«; extra X<sx. U1SU J*: Fasily.
$12312 »; priaie Mess Pcyk. fl*; extra _*«r. I
f22: V«s. f!7 &»: Dry Salted Pack. »He; Ptc j
Perk f24; PlgsT Feel. f3; Sascied Beef. 14c I
rer Ib.
LARD — Tierces «r=c«»<i at 7c rer Ib f^r ceta- I
posiswf _B I »c/f3r psre: half-barrels, pare, j
l^c; 19-Ib U_L »%c; *-Ib ttza. »%«; 3-K> tiaa. .
lCc
COTTOLEXE— Oae kalf terrel &%cz tire* I
hsii barrets. *rie: ece tie— re. SHc; two tierca*. I
£c;«STe tierce*. 7 x s e per Ib.
Hides, Tallozc, Wool and Hops, j
HIDES AXTJ» sxxSS— Cfeft* a_3 aras£> ten ;
aboct H91c cader crsoCa&eoa. Heavy Salted I
Steer* *^»«; giadarTt. SHe; tiyi t. 9c; ~ Cow'
K. _>?. 5c far teasy as«S *c for Usat; ::ji». I
*c: Salted Kra. »:; Saitei Veal. 10c: Salted
Cal*.-Uc; 4z+ HI4e3. 16c: dry KSa. Ue; _r]
Ci'.t ' l*c 5£*<?p*kiaa. sS«arl!a?s. 23^3&- »Ach; ?
tt art Woci 4^>i3c east: c=ed5=. 7Of»)e: bscx
Wcf«I. Slfil Uh Hsne Kiles. salt. »3 73 far »
larc* a_d f2«2 SO far eedi3=. f 1 2591 73 tst I
s__3 a_d Sde for Ccl-. s. Hcrse H_W. dry. »
SI 73 fcr larr* aad SI 3O J:.- sedtssi. SX&1 23
Itsc istaU aa.1 W5e for CSstts. B^ti jt.^i — Dry g
Xextcaa. 30c; dry Salted JCexiraa^ 2S<: dry \
CestifaJ Arserieaa. C*g32He. Go«t Stt=*— i
Pr_ae Aareras. 73e; lars« aai caicacX 50c; »
_*__«. 35c; si_i£1. 29c.
TALLOW— Xa 1 rea-fereO. 4«4&«^e per »: J
X_ 2. 3«i«4c; srease. 2*,S3c
WOOL— Sprtas di>— HaabctSt aad Sieado- I
ciao ITi; :>r ; gas Ja_r_a aad Seataera. 11 '
sacctas" l&812c; i» 7 owftt 1 . S^llc per Ift; |
Middle Caastlea. t2S17c far tree aad ISgXSe I
far d«fs«ti»«: Xaniera. l«$i*c far free aa4 j
itglSe lac dsfe«iT«; yrraia. 12Sl«c acceri- «
iac to cnrtfUtei.
KOrS — Xes_is*I at 25627*ic p<^r Ib f» C_H- »
far_!a. 13^3. CCatracts for ISO* crap are <T3cted
at lTKC3»c, . ¦
Meet Market.
T—ere ar« tao rsatBT sasaH Hsys escsias ia
asd ties* w»f«!_a« eader 13> !b« are brta*ir^ *
cs^y *'-rxC Otbar 3teacs skew _> eiaaye.
BRESSED 3TSATS. -.. -^
Wbotesale rates frcsx aUsxitercrs ta detlsr* |
are as i-'Cm: -
BI3F— <^Tc Jar Staerj aad Z£Se per n •
far Ojwa.
VEAL— Laryr. 76*s; ssa»2. S63\:e per Ck.
3CCTTOX — Wetbers. **i&3e; Ewes. «^97s .
per Ib. - r
LAVB — *C«e per Ib.
POKS— Dressed Ea**. «««S"54c P«r B.
LIVESTOCK —AKXET. '
TS« fidlewtrs qsctaf&ss are far rx< asaad ,
Ureatsci. «»iiT»rsel _ Saa PrxscUcA, ten 24
pe; ceat *ixtzX*gn far Ca:t.'i:
CATTLE— at*er». T^i4l5iie: Cowi aad Heif
ers «V.l?7c^ tiia Cows. 4£3« per Q.
CALCES — 4ft4t»c p« Ii «xrca» w*JxSt>.
SHEEP— TVetiers. 3r;e3'-c; Ewea. 2».©3c
per Ib «ras» wei?it>. ,
LA J1S5— « 2S@2 5d fw i«i #
HOG«— Lrce Hcf*. 1» ta *» Rrs. 4%e:
SCO fas 250 IS*-* 4^-e; l» li* aad -rs-i-r. 4?««:
ever SM lij. t :% t; td: Hc^j; ncaiaa:; Sava, >
Stock end Bond Exchange IV HI
Be Closed Saturday.
Ta« Tracpaa stacks wer« »ery acttr* ««.
y*st«rday. tie «al*» r=aia5 wen a> iato ti»
tiecsasd* ef sbar**. at £rsa pvtcaa. a* a ra>
Local ste>:_» aa-i bc=«Is csustsaeet tteztect**!.
Tb* cil siocJls were q_X aa«S— tis CuiL Jbrti
were ieaetiTe a=4 wea'a.
Tb<» Stae* aa>i Bead Excixas- win ai3t%:ra
frrga FYtiay aftrrswe la T^-rsday Escrairj.
orer ti* F»3crrta.
Ex-diTfeiecd yesterday: K_afsr3 Oii C per
saarc. ¦Tr;tmr.tf* > y t«> f*?C*».
TS» B*r»»i*y Baax cf rat-tag* aaa ti* Cai
rersity Saitcfa Ba~k ot Berkeley aa.T» ;»
clar^ se— ti-aaac— I tttrjdestis at tie rate if
:..;-.¦ per cess per aa— sai ca aU dspealts. p*ya
tis Js^r 1
Ta» Oal__*! Baa- cf Sa-r£=*s has jSfd_--d
a seed-aaasal drridesd at tie rate of »2S
per cert per aaasai oo all *»vt.-r* d??cattj.
tie •*— .* rat* as tie pr-rtc-cs use.
Tie Cti»'__tc» SaTtsjfs aad La«3 Society bas
declared » s»a_-*a=— al drrtd«_i ca -*H depos
its at tie rate cf S"-» per erst per aaaxra.
poyaii* «a aad after J-sly L Ti_t t» tie sa=»
rat* a» for tie prrri— » s_c =»«tis.
We2s. rarr» A Co- aai* <t-ed!ared a rerslar
->a_-aca_al drrtaead cf 3 per orst aad aa ex
tra, «trtd*_fi cf 1 per ceat. bena p«y»i£*
J_ty IS.
Tb« Sas Fraaeiseo Sicei aa«! ITi-raryy
Beard ias leased Its presyr; baardrscsa tse
_i-:ti»r rwo year*.
STOCK AXD BONT> EXCH.VXGE.
MOXDAT. Jicse 27—3 a. _.
CXTTE) STATES BOXU^.
r -^ A«"t B! Mi.
4s «r «T53..I'r7Vl^\ ?» «fr o sew 152SU3H
4» 5? rec-.l^S^lOCSl** V cecp...l36ia —
VTsrrtr.iVmrs BOXTJ3
Ala A W S^l-n — JOak T Co «§.I»*i —
Bay CPC 5*. — 15= I Do Sm 112*,—
Cat C G 3*. — 1O4 I D» ccs Sm.UBS ¦ —
Cal G A E r |Ocea=i«- S Sm. — T3
m A « 3a. **-; <3 iCsa fait* ta. — U3
Cal-rJ C 5a. — U« JPae G Ira 4s. *2H M
C C Wat 5*. — KO'Vp 5 Ry *».I*H\ —
E.1L A P ««-tt4 124 £P / C H *».!» —
7 * C H «_11IS — iPiOEti- ll«
Geary-s£ 3«.- — O iPVjwefl-st •». — 1341
H C*5 3S*-1«° — !**= EC4PJ«. — •*
tfc> ;« SS^ICO la? ft SJV3*.H«\ —
Rob R T «_.1« — [S^rr* R «•_- — US
L A Oc 3s. — 1CB ? P »f A «_
L a Ry 53.UIS — i naea* i-» —
L X L. Co «» — — t <13l*» l<C'-.!!7Vi
Do s--* 5*-l«H — 1 »l»«rar A.tC2*13B
LAP lc-i Sa^I»n l i — j (T#Z*Se B-I»«S —
Kst-tt c «*.it#*fc — I ase*> i» —
Do lna 3*.m-»ll* | «I312> 113-i —
ITT* M:T3aLl«J, — fSPC 1 «r 3*11* —
KRH at C^-lOXJil« I Do stsrjd-ie^ USH
!>, 3« IKtillT !S P B E <••«; —
X P C R 5«._K 1574 5 V W-atJI-.l^ -„
Jf C Ry 5»- — "2 I Do *» «_»- » JJ 1 *
XCPC3«.» 1«1 t D»U *t=a. — »
XFRR5«-— 1«1 t Do* =«*» «TH —
O G L»H 3-10T — !-»tia &+?*•- — J«
ow«t«a».— ia> ICCAE3*.— i»
fTATTR FTOCKS.
r«=rr* Cwt* / 33 ?> »P«t Coata._— —
iUrto Co!rt - » !!T Was Ca. 3S 3*i
"" GAS AXO FXSCTiCa
Ce«t LAP. »*i 3VS F" G * E. «XH «i*4
S^=aJ E L. 12V: 13 Jitte, O * E. »\ —
p»i l ce>... si - !rc*eoiL- —
lX'aLKAXCE
r.tj'1 r_iH9 — J .
CoQttniicd oq P^;e Fcortwsu
Hey and Feedstuff s.
NSW YORK. 2-zz.: 27. — lTr=-y oc caX very ¦
e**;-. JglS r«r ceat; Jcwes;. 1 jHr ceat: ;
rsl^af rate. lr» per ceat; East lean, X\ j.*r I
certt; eJcsir^ fcii. l^j per ceat; effered *t I 1 * ,
per cent.
Ttaa icaas. <isy; sixty ar.i tslaety day*. !
1SC2 pes c-tat; six s^caiis. 1 * j*r ceat.
Prua* a^er-atatil* pa?«r. 3"—^4i 3 per ceat.
SterUag cx^.'-irp. stea.iy. wtti actual fcesi- !
a*»* :- takers' tCIs at f4.s7CS^4-*7S; fcr <
derrarsl aad at f4-*i»§4-*ii-i Jcr sixty-day :
Pcstrd rates. f4 *< aai ii S&
C-=i=i*rcia: tCU. f4 5C- 4 -
Bar tUver. 3^S^-
Msn-a; iiilir». i5c.
rtyiUr.
A r 4t_j i'cri: 5?oci: Market.
______
XETT YORK." JiS« 27. — Tiere was se=se ex-j
pe^tatSoa ia tie circles ef pro£es3t3_a! cj?*r- :
ators ta stocit* tiAt tie B»w w*e_ cpeatiff us :
fiay wcsM wztr^as as. expaasica cf d«alia?s j
aad a tr:*i*aiax cf laterest a tie ctarket. \
fcet tie riarie* pr^vci evec a>rre listless isij
» .-rr.'X tiaa sst_C Last we*it"s feartentay !
cf rr4c«s aad tie e-wi tea* wtti wisici tie
licit prefc-taiia*- at tie . et_d af tie weei '
was at*zrfced were tbt hmjis tor he;»» tiit ;
tie n»;ajr Bacveseat weeid pai= f:ree ar»i at
trast <r;^£ide deaiaad. A srrr-*_iiag s? cf tea- j
era! cseUticss bcre «rt s<~a-e <rf tie fortcastj i
.epes wiu:i tt wa* scr-jeaed Utst week's r_*
¦H *:*»«£. Ban tie b*w des taa»i fcr tz&c'jn ;
failed t> 4r»»!«5> -aari tie- daajpotatia^at '
ci^jNrf p.rtce» to drrp- aft*r ti«*?p*ci=x. Tfe« |
__cs- 2^«rrcatica» were taryiiS a=»i tctaUj- ta- ;
-iifT treat- Railroad- officials *a tieir ctsst^taary i
w»«_!y iistrzfft'ya c< trai'Sc eacpre«s<ed a f*elias I
«f esi-irmsesieat fcr tfee first tisse ta SE*sy
week* arji prc;«s»e"i f> see setae actsa! growtis !
of th* ta>;^»ta«ai. «jf rs*rriaa<lise. Tfea Laite j
c-xr;*t:=jr ;t3#s were a a exoeiHiic-c, tie r*cpen- ;
tax of Ls._* cart^atlco. wtta tie settless«nt of ;
ti* crlXe. serrt=« to tan back sc— as traffic ta ;
tie water route wfeica was ttrrert»d- ta tie rail- i
rrais dsrtas- tie- «_-l-e. Bst e<2ciaL« «f West- |
era aad Sc5.tiwest*ra raitr-».ls asserted tiat :
ti* ttifsaUo- te fc=s-ta€s» srfe=»4 j^ i » p is» ajr. !
Report* of rrcs» «arr3^rs far tie tiird week of 1
jirie satrwed a a_i>:rity cf tacreases «rer last i
year. E^t sca^e cf tie ta :pcrtast s~K«— a re- i
pijrted i«creai»s. Atiiiara'« cet sfeiwis^ fcr '
Stay cost tt tie r* r eatde eartl«T ?o t!se eir- !
cslatica cf rs=»?rs tiat aa i— rp^rttst tcldl~f !
was be!a» bctlt ep ta tie pr-perty ia the ta- !
tertst of Cafaa Pae_fc- Rep«-u cf r«ias o-r»r ;
S=^.iay ta ti* Wiater wb?at belt wer* recetved i
wKi diss*»is<acticn. tst tbe weakaess _ tie !
«^-a: niirket ief'Tired tiis aews c< acy ?r»at !
t— 5arT!<ce ci tie seeck sarket. Attestloa Is '•
fi=a.a»n_l cirr>» is Tery k~e=Sy alire. iowirrer, i
to all derelspssests tirewta* li_-it <5ss the coti- ;
dttjcn «f tie trcr«. Tie beavy i^«.a exr«asiea '
siew-a by tie fcaaits last week was a %v*i <eai i
<iisessa*6. a-rtwit^scastdia* tie prese— t redra- '
da=«^ of tb» Ewsey __rk«. A desire Is f«it
u> kr«rw fer* far tie •xyassi^c car be d^e
ti ccTpcrariaa bew-rewts*. wfcicJs woc!i be re- ¦
carded nafaroraSiy. <or bow far t» Brepara- i
tSr=«« fcr tie cssa! talf -yearly aad perksdica! I
«i'.:-r.'-> ts Jsly. wfeicii wacM fc* -.¦•• »».*
witi t_ilffereoc« as a tesiporary eixsditrMi. I
Lca-ira »cI4 freeTy ta tiia rsarket. Prtc
caaar»» prr>red to J-* entirely tastfatacaat aad
Us* clc-lac trae «< tbe zarket was ts*ry.
There was aa apyrectaiie, taTestiaeat <ie
i=a=d Bar bi«-= yrale fcoedsr bat tie price
tsovesegt wa# «nr:!f. Tttal sales «p«r
T»hse«. f2.153.<«L*. f
CB±Cs4 Slates 2» deeliaed H per «st ca
XEW TORK STOCK LI5T. •
Stacks — S*Se»- Hiyi. Lew. C*.--*-*
Atciis-s ».»*> 73 72H 72%,
Atsilsca pCd TW 94^ »S *3»i ;
B_l: * Ca*» 2.9<» SOi, tj», rs»Z
E*:t * otio rfi si
Ce_*_ts Pac:=c... 1.9C«> 123«i 13 123^
Oeat cf Xc« Jersey jci
Ci.^s=peaxe * Oife> 3Oii
C*ic«ff5 A AXtae 3^15
Ctl * Altee Ff-i -*- '•» !
Cisi * Gt U>st 2T»> 14 13% 13 *i ;
OJt S W 3T» 170 179 110
Ci» Mil ic St PasI- T.M0 l«'-« IC-, lt:S
C*tM*StPpfd 177 i
<Ctil Terra tc Trasi. «t: :
OiTATpfd 100 l» 13 a%\
ccc*«u e> !
O--Jcra&» SOTxtaers. 2W li 13^i li%
Ccis SonstH 1st pfd. .... 4<t!«
CJ* Jtc=ti 2»» p<4. 100 2»H 58% 2»
D-rta * Kais<5= l.«O 133U 133 . 153
D»la Lack & W 273
1> =r*r A- Rio Gr tfr\
I>a A Ri> Gr rfi- 100 BH <*S €?
Ere 1.2SO 23< 23W 2V» I
Erie I* POT ,. ISO Mi fc«» 5» |
Erie 21 r«
Kor*irx VaUrr C5 j
Hc«-_as Val pti... ICO 83^ «T^i *5
nilajstsCestraJ 2O> 112 UiaJ 13l«4
low* C«_tral ICO 1St» 1%H IS
IcwaC«tral=f2... 1C0 » S3 W
Kta City Socta 21?4
K»a C:ty Se»sta rfd K» 43^4 *3H 43
Locis & Xasi SCO 11* iqv%. j«
Mirf-arran L U0O9 lt»il 147^ I<7« |
M<trrp-4 Sec=rtti«a *?«> 77 7«ES IS
J£»tr-T«t St By.-.. S,7t« 10S*i IK\ 1S*U i
JCra * St Lo?_» «• j
MfTi^S CjO OS^ gij _> t j
HfPASSUpU 200 123 123 123H
Mi»»c_ri PaciS- 2J00 92, S2?i S2?i I
JC«. Kaa * T*x ia j
iUy Kaa * T*x pf* 2O> 3T 37 2*£
Xit BB of Sfcx pf 3 *?O 37 33»« - 37
S T Oa«l VA li«* lu.^ ns \
NerfcCE t Wasters 109 M 5* 55?i
Ncrfsilt A W pfd «5
C-*arv> A Westerr. li.SC«> 2SS S5^i 2*»i
P*Kaj,tt!_i X«C» UJ^fc lK»i UJ' S !
PtaCCftStL.. . .... S3
FOR MOXDAT. JCXIT 2T.
F>5cr ?r si3 .. 3.140'Kay. tas» ...... S«8
Wieat, et^ 561 Straw, taaa .... 1*
Barley, ctl* !2.«»>t? '.VoeJ. fea!e* ... *-'i
Cat* etU 1.3»«H!de» X> ..... 1719
Ta^jw. et2» ... • Ptizs. b«Jls ..... *.«»
Eeaas *%* *Tt LSae fcsis .... «T2
Potatee*. *ks .. 2.773 CiScrar. Sbia .. C*
Oai-as. iis ... 37 rap*r. ns^» .... I.2T»
Braa. sis S5 4ir:eXsiI*er. "l» ICO
Stidi^ajTs. its. . 2C> W:=e. sal* 39.>#
Scre*ai=ra. ***- 34«» L«aiier. raC» .. 113
5icrt». si» ... ir*V3sjrar. t»cs -•.. S3»
Feed, sis 12t
ORXOOX.
Wfceat. CJa T.121 Braa «t» J".
Cats, ctla l.«21Fe^-i. sis «... LC«>
Receipts of Produce.
FLOCR— Calif snU FaaiTy Extras, ft e>9
4 *>. cssal t»r=ss: Baisrs" Cxtras. »4 5&©4 S«h
Orestai aai Wasiiartca, >3tob£=x at 33 &5.g4 a
Z*t fcfci-
MILLcTCFTS — Prices la packages are *#
fcUow*: Graiaa FTear. f3 J*? per 100 Eb»;
Rye F!ocr. fS 50: Rye ileal. $3 23: Rise Flc-cr.
f 7-; C«ra M*al. «3 UY. extra «rea=s do. U 25;
O«t Great*. *4 5*>; Htniay. 3464^3; Back
wbeat Fiasr. f4 50«4 73: Cracted Wiea^ f4;
FiriEa. f4 »; Wool* Wbeat yicvr. «3 73;
Rol!ed Oata. tbt». f7 S#« O>; la sacks. J-; 75^
5 IG-. Peart Barley. |<; QpBt Peas, :--iri. f7;
Greea Peas. 13 5O per"li« Ua.
Flour and Millstutfs.
FKtrrS — Xsw cr^! fitares — Asrizuzs. 7'-,fi
S-~ei Pearls. S'^ES^c Is. OiJ cr^-p —
£i-ircra:~i Ajc>». 5*7c: saa-dried. X^i'-^c.
fBCXEa — la<» <«*• 1 ** f«r li* f=«r
sU«S
RAI5IXS — T. e. h. p; Ices Fresaa fa? 1J03
crcp (s-zfeject t» ciaag* wttatnt actic«> are ts
tctaws: SC-ib *jex«s — Loos* Viscatels. I ca»^
4c per Eb: J-trwti. 4Hc: 2-crswa. *c: XiUji.
Icose. i-ert?wx 4c: 2-crrwa. S\c: Tbc^tsaes's
s*ccHfss. 4e; seetl*» Ssltaaas. 3^ic; see-l>sa
If-iscitels. IHe: is Csatsd. 3?*e: S#eded *Rals
tea li-'.i carters, faary. *»»c; eiate*. 3i»e:
12-«x. cartsa*. faacy. 45i«: ea«Hc-. 4*»e; la
fcoSL fiscy. 3 i;e; choEce. 3c: Impestal eiss
t*rs. $3: Deie*a. f2 !0; fa=er. «2; T.cadca
Layer? 2-z-v-mo. fl 35; 2-crcwa, fl 23.
SCCTB — Walmsts. X«. 1 seftsaeU, 13H©14c:
Xa 2. 11^©!2j; N<x 1 fcardsieU. li©Ui^;
Xo. 2. Il©114«: A£=csds. llt-« for Xcap*
ri»U. lH-e !:r I X L lie fir Xe PJos Ctra
aad ?^»e f'sr Lasr=e<Sae; Peasat*. COTe for
Eastera: Pecaas. IieiSc: Coccaaats, S4 3OQ3.
HCXET— Ceci. Iiuei2i.c far wilte ard
1*5 lie fir a=6«r; water wait* extracrsd. !&
€<r: l!?it asiJwr extnetei. 4»,C3c;' dara.
3«-e4c.
Str-3TS-AX-=7C_«r jer ta.
Xaw Arrives aad Peacees are h«i arc aad
prie:-s stew fcrther tss.;r»reaseat. a* win be
seen. OtI ETapcratsd A??£ea art also ijfiwr.
aad are rezy clcaely feeJi Otierwtse tiers ts
sstite^ e*w.
Dried Fruits \NuisJZaisinsJfoney.
New Yorlt Money Market.
EASTERN HABKET^T
Exchange and Bullion.
SilTer Is v.c _sber. Xtw Tort Exriaa*s
cc Mexico is lower. It aa^ fceea decUstay far I
sofij* tittle tl=:».
IjOCA—.
Sterasi Excfcaax*. sixty days... — Jt SS
Strriia? E!xc*a--se. sirit — 4*» i
Sitrliay Exefeaaj*. caii*s — 4 i3 !
Xtw Tor* Eieiiare. si«xs — »•
X'-ar Tort Exciaai*. xtl«rrasii=- — I5*i i
Slirer, per caade ...X — 5*?*;
Mexi^a DcHars 4*H C «
IXTERXATIOXA—
X*w Tcrt ca lf*t.ia
B?rila ba L»:--i.- 2* v .+-'J l - •
Parts cs Lcad«3 25-25^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — l-iverreci f^tarea were bifier. )
Tie wartl's sitpa-eats for tie we*Jc were as I
fctlaw-s. ~ Ru*«iaa. 3S5.CO5-; Daaa- :
tiaa. 12-iCO>: Arrea-iae. !<*,«»: laiiaa. !*«.- {
C«y; Aostnliaa. 2<XCt'X Tie Aai*ricaa v-;jiii* ;
d-«reaj«d 1.01.000 Visia's.
Cti:a*u was weaier cs ti« day. ten was t
taste aad wttioct featare. Tie 5*= Fra=ci*c© I
catriet was ai*j saiaterestlrg-. wlti Jntsre* I
brwer aad tie yrala =ciaased.
CASH WHEAT. r
Caitfsrala Ct-;h. fl 27-i^I 3^^: Calif irat* '
Whit* Aastrail*-. tl 52^.©! 57U; Btactbtml
Gsh. $1 3Q«Sl S3; Xartiera Kaesten. Ii M :
€1 35 s«r ctL
FirrcRES.
Sesslea 9 ta 11:3d a. =:.
Oiea. Hira. Low. CIcse. (
r-tfcenter ...|I 27U $1 27 1 - JI tl'\ tl tl'-~x I
2 a. si. 5«s:ca.
D«cer=ter— ?1 27H. ' :
BARLE1* — Opened the w«i at a tCxtact d«- ;
c!^a*. betk ia ftcsrts aad Ike cash eraia. Re- I
ceipts were larger, sellers p-c-sseij tha saariK ;
asrf teiyirs h*i>i oC' Tfeere waa a sale of aew j.
Fe«i to «rrt-»» a: S3*ie at ti* cScse ef the |
aicrata? session. Tka dectia* la f=t3res w-ts I
tor t» Ch» ft« r!d»irti. tot tie Eiariit re- ;
ccrereti ooesiderafeiy taward th* c!<»* ca ecv- j
ertat fcy iiorts. vtc besia ta taie ti«ir praOta ;
ce their r«ceat tales. Tie reccv-rr waj loat, I
fcjwever. ia ti* aft-raoc=. as will be seea.
CASH BARLET.
Feed ROKQlCli fcr «H aad 9SC831J
sect. l-r •;«•»; old Brewt^y. »1 C&&1 lt>; Ci*"-- ;
ai2er. II *S=~.@1 I» f-r fair to cSatce.
FUTVRSS.
5-ij ¦ := 3 to 11:30 a. sa.
, Op«3- Ei?&. Low. Ctsse. ¦
Decesater ... 93^ »3«^ S3 93*» I
2 p. cl. SesaJca.
Irjot— i»r — SI H e.
GATS — O5«a*d tie w«i ar>i prices
sJwwed ccasideraile ciaay*. ts ti* srorrsna*
ef tie aew crc? is tciacta? 1 <ji4 Oats dews
ta Its U»eL ¦*
OSd crc<? — Wi-te. fl 3C«ei 33: Eliei. *t 1C^
I 21- B*4 *1 2OCI ti Xeisr crss — Red. *1 15
©I 2*h Gray. JI 32H^» 37 1 ! P** <^-
CORX — Xeae catse ta fresa tS* TV-at yest*r- t
day. aaJ tie csxriet was «jaj« aad caciaajed. ,
WTccsasa sacJt*^. *S 4lfct ?•'4 fir X*no«v ?
fl li&l *7H fir Will* aa£ fl 45 for Sfiiii"
Ca Ufaraia larxe T*£Sow. fl tSiQl 5fr; s=ali :
¦"rjeni Aa. *l i'-CI et>; TVsi^e. 51 4i&l S> »erj
si!; EzyjPtUs. ft 3*SI 33 fsr TTiite aad j
II 27 til ¦* Her Bn?WT£_
P.TE— *t 32 u Fer Ctt
BUCKWKKAT— Xctciaal at tl 7302 per ctl. I
Ki=« City S3-» Ctear X -CO
Uvcrseerc i 1 * 5"i Clear ,*9
!>-.* A-<?:«* .4 K W Clear ,«O
Sl-rcei 1* 73 Cl*Ar .<*>
I Xira U 2 S CUar .€«.»
| XtrciiC* 1« t0 .... Oear .to
N>*tuj 1« «> Clear -0>>
! PaL*r=^ 1C8 Cl Pt-CViy .«0
—^ Bl^il 1<* 7* X Oear -«>
MiUiWl \ •• 54 Oar -f»>
jtcna-itj *» e« 5 Clear .C«>
=A3 Ditgn «S ©> NT Clear -W
san Fr*-eu»c« *) » W Pt.CWy .C*>
• in Joa* *4 54 Cl-ear .<?)
( 5a i LcU OtL«» 72 SO SW O*ir .«»
! ?4.=ta Maria 7> 55 Clear .W
I Soata P-e** S3 4i CI-at .CO
; B_«A_w 91 «» Oar -«O
, W«ew« '» €ti X e.tar .t<>
¦STEATK^IR A3TD CROP COXTSITICXS.
1 YtT-«a. — rM-i-y win b« ai«vCt half crcf :
j jrzrie* aad j»i*r? ia r>>i ccaditic-a.
»ir ,'c*e — £ast»s-= sair=e=is arr-.rcts. aiai-
I te-a aa-i a hall cart.
Rnrerszie — Ajnc^ts aad earty ?^a<i«* are
~i=t^ Xaria — F\r»t trsia tir*«i«>i t^-iay.
r-e'-i f^Sr; toe; weiii-r ccstiauea, fa»craL>
tc- *:«a^* iai t«?ets_
K:llL«er — Cicrrtes ail j*rked; Itrit ercp.
Ni^a. — Weaii-Tr ¦~rr.f;»--.-f y UfXiile fcr
Xewraar- — Cc~iiti<=s sa=-?.
*s — "a,"eati.er CavaexUa fcr airrestlij
wteat.
limi^Mti — Hip ere? at Pteasaatan prwsisea
I ts Ac si c«."<i as L*«t year
Clcx-eriale — Apries c<"iaj tarje aad ta i=i
Sia'ii R-f» — Crc^ cc^-i:tic=3 uzcaaaj»-i
; Ftacctes — Apriccts win net av-rix* half
; trcp ta til« s*ctijc
Palerrrc — Fruit ccadittcas uaciaased. --
Kbtc Crry — F-*^y ='-r=J.r^s
ix^zS-ri — ixi pr-j«p*cts fw fraia. fruit
"li-'G. McAOl"£. Sectisa Direcx^r.
5UOAH — Ttee Westers S-rir R^ntrrg C .=
?aay aa fsCcwx per IS. Us ICO-li baxa:
Csbes. A Cr=aaed aad rs=« Cr=aa«d. S.»5c:
Powiered. 5-»Oc; Ca=«ty Graaglaiad. 5 *Cc. Dry
Graasia^d la*. 5.7C>c: Dry Gr»a^Uted. ec*rs«.
4.70c; Frslt Grasslazed, 5 7-.c: B«et Graaa-
Ut*d aCO-Ib ba«s csiy) 5.<S0e: Ccaf*.^ioc*rj'
a. S.70c: lUr.:i.* a. i >Nr. Extra C 3.29c;
Gcll«a C, 3.10e: TVCZ 3e; fc*rre^. 14c escr»:
ialf barrels 23c =cr«: bcxes. 5wc eart; J-V.s
fcays l&e aiire far *2 ¥t4« :»:-;j — XalS
tarrelk. «J5Jc; bcxes. *.«5c; H. A E. Crystal
Dc«Liaca. *-70c p*r IV Xa crier* txaes fsr
les* tiaa •ereaty-fixe barrels cr its eq«rr»l*3t.
CO3FI5H — IT.c*:*<i i*s Jseea rwi^red Sfle pc?
a';.. Jill ait bow q-2ctsd i: *7 i-j aad bai?
barr«j at H 23 eaca.
BAGS — Grata Isaxa. 5"-ic: Saa Qaeatia.
15 4d: TVa_ Ca«a. X2535c: ru-sc» Twtss.
OO.Vl<— T5"eI2ifft3ei. XS p*r tea; X«w W«!^a*
tsa. $*; 5«*rti«. *$ &>; Bryaat. (• _»: Beavir
H£l» »S 50. Staaf^ri, J7; Rca^a. It; Caea
Bay. »: 5O; Greta. *7: Wa^sesd. $7; Rsca=ci.J.
IT X: C^=t<:j:- 4 . tU la b— k aad t'.« 23 la
aas^s; Pea=ay:Ta_a Aatincit* Zsz. 114;
"W-isi A=tira=tts E«T. ;J; We!*S Lc=3.
«U 5O: Ca-r-*:. n»J« tsa: Oste. «! ii^U
p«r tsa fca bcii aad SIS ta sacia: KootyilKia
taia deacrt;t.i=3. *H 45 per 2t«O Ua aal SI3 99
;*r 1 ¦-= s - -a . aeecr^tsc t3 terayt
.'»;i--; — vjctitzts* *rs rcr tarreis; far omi
3c; L^sseed. 4»e r«r fi_: := far boCad aa»i
47c far raw; Casz^r C*5. ta ca*es. S«. 1. 79c;
Baier*- AA. case*. «1 1681 12; Uaeci. tSe
Jer tciled aad 43c r=ff raw; Ciia*
Xst. casea. C^?*: per rallea. Ca
coaast <»». la barr* j. iSe fir Ceyisn aaj SA>
far Asstra^iaa: extra biearied wtssw Syers*
Ctl l !8c; utsral wjiter S,«..a OH. *3c; »*t:a
bie*c£*il wt=t«r "Wia> Oi^ 57«; aarsral 'W"sai-»
Ot* 52c; extra wtater •tr*i=*d Lard OO. 73c;
X* 1 Lard CO. «3c; per* X«at«fs«i«. OG. T3c;
N-. X Xcatafcec C ... (£3c; lla-at Hsrrts* C-..,
42c; dar* Herrtax OtI. *0c; Sarasao Oii He:
*<-:*<* F«ja <M. ITc; raw Ftsa CU. SSci bctie-i
Paiat Oil. 33c; raw Pairs OIL a*.
COAL OIL— 'Water TTi:t« Ccai OO. ta feaTi.
IJ'--:: Pearl OiX i= ca*=i. 2Oc: Assral. 2Oc;
Star 22<t; Extra Star. 2*e: C«;». 235c:
E*e»ae. 23c; D*c*2*ned 5t3** Gasnt'T. ta
bcIX. ISc; la cases, 22^; BeaxJsc. la tar*.
13e; ta cases. 1»V?: 4*-4*«"* Ojwtgae. ta
fes^c 3t; st casea. Sla.
TITRPEXTTXE — Sic per ril'.;; ta caac* aa4
75c ta dr=s aad irgg t*rreis-
RSO AXD WHITS LEAD — Red Lead. Z%9
7\e per tt; WSit* Lead. 7-*87\c aeeerils*
ta <rxaatiTr-
General Merchandise.
2J> per c«=t eG: Bears. 5>> p«r c»at off. asi
;:u» 4» p«r ceat c2 frsss ai«v« saoeatlac*.
CHICAGO. Xbm 27.— Liieral woriTf «tip- |
s=*a:s a=*3 fa-rorati* retires frem the Socta- j
westera harraat £«Ms had a weaiesias tais
er.ee oa tie wheat =aria» tc-^iiy. At ta«
o*-i^i ti* £*?t«cifctr c?tica was <iiwn ftcsi I
5arariiy's <*--'* iyErea- Cora ts =ac2aa«fi- .
Ctats are cp a -th^l-t. PrsTt»ioas show a. icaa '
cf 10c ts 23c.
5*c::=i*a- ia ti-e waeat pit waa l«artaa
frjEs the start. At Us* cf-eaiss tie *JTeet «f .
|»a,if rataa ta Oa Southwest was ciset ty ta* •
radi-Tereat t2=* cailes aad .fcy tile we-khr .'
«tati5tits. tie wocM's stipni-eats for tie w**i _
betas caasi'ieraiiy larrsr tsaa iai b«a ex
pected aaj tie =wv*ta«at fraca Russia was
snao searier. Oj«Blas qoctaticcs cci S«p- ,
tenter w«»? u=--=aajed to. Uc lj*"er at Sl x »c
to sl^c. CcdtaiiJlca forws** were fair se:>rs
et Jciy. bet £S*rt-i?s Q< £*f«i*=i*r were tiszt.
Fcr a Dm ti*re w»s a s»>ier&re <i*=saail Bar
S*pCetai*r fr^ta Xortiwestera boas**. aa>l tiis
iai a tea.iea-cy t» seppert ti-e sn*ri»t. Sey- !
waiter **i:iar c? to si»i.§*t'-c- Dorlss tie
latter p*rt ci tie sessiea tradss* was tfaast
aat*I fcy ta* sirsattcu ia ti* Soutiwes*. A
rep'irt frcrs K*=ja* City circ=ie>ii Ox arrt-ri*
libts* cf t*a cars cf aew wheat, tk* -rsaliiy ef
whici was ercel'eat- Wcii* w«*ti«r cootlJ
tioes wire safiu-.^rabie to Jiar»esti=«-. tie ose- I
filters cf t»s-t cr-.'3 was said ta t« sac*!- s*!liai
ty Soctiweit-sra tames wa* aa tssso.^ast
t**r fa.<rtcr dates tl» latter part cf tie day.
Tils a?f*re2Tly allayed ia tbe saia«la •
c-f isiaay tra.i*rs ffc»rs that tie carketia.5 of ,
tie 2<w cr»JCf woold t>» sersooaly <l*laystJ fc»
»«t weatier. TSs raarket ck:*?«J »«ai aa-i
n»ar tie Is* paEat, Sail Scares oa
Ja»tmif at WV- a!*er tlae price had- taoea-ed
Is s^ite c-f sees* frfiieatiai s*IIias ti« cr?ra
caariet i*I-S cp cmuftrnM* well, csesi-isriaic
tt* weak cadertane ef w&eat- Ti« taarket
tUmiti Aisv-jrt precisely at satsirfjty'* fisal
<;iocati.xi*. 5*5t?nrt*r c?!*aeij a »ss*d< Ecwer
:o a si*i* ht/V*r as G*Jc to 4.5 t «c. sold b*
twe-~ t»S-r a£«i 4! ; 5©* ; 'V; *=«* claseJ at 45 l i
Tra.i.=« ia citi was !l?ht ar^i tie ra*rtet
beI-2 trta jn sarpert ey boll t<i."i*r».. AJter
ct«a!=.? c=cia=y*J at 31?^e *e?««a*a« sell fc<=
t*«s 3ii % c aa»I HT*c- c:-»tas at Sl^gSl^c.
( FMUn w=«r* ' aCict«J G9 Utera! r*;«tp« "
cf fe-^rs ir>i Sewer prices a: ta* yards. A fea
ture c' tra-iias ¦ was U^akJatioa cf laly izali
fe£«. shicrts Trere fair fccyera tkrccyactn ti-f
da.7. At ta* close 5^7ce=Sser perk was eft 25c.
turd wa« dewa lOgli--; aad rib* l*6I7Si«
111 ¦ ii *
Tse l**.lisG fatOf** raase-4 as fcUcwst
Articles — O7«a- Hixis. Lew. C5o«.
YVctaiL Xo. 2—
jir r«*n &% *"*»
Sept taid> « T » S3 ?2S ¦" «T*»
Jaiy tseii *i^ >^~ 8*H" *v*j
Sept faew> sl% ?1H i<^ »^
Osra X-a. 2 —
Ji^se *"H
Ja!y 47*, 47% 474 4-^i
a*pt«3ber *>%, 45^, **H 4*S
Oats Xj. 2 —
Szs.s ---- *t\
July 35H i-t, 2SH
£«pierat*r 5t*« C1-* Zl\ ZIH
I>-r*!Et«r 12% £2S 3=!» 3=*»
Mfss Prrk. per btl —
J_v K** 12 35 12 70 12 721,:
e*jtir=fc«T 1- 29 13 21 13 <M> 13 62S
Lard. r*r ICO li»—
JbA 7 CA ;« > « 92'i <* 924 '
Serte=iber 7 17U 7 2* 7 12V, 7 12U
st«rt R_* P«r !•*> Ita —
Jsly 7 5*«3 7 KS T35 7 55
September 7 79 7 72* 3 7 «e c; >C^
Ccr/r Gram and Provisions.-
v j
CHICAGO. Jcae 27.— Cash <r30tatisas w»r» as
eeOB»a: FI«or. <JoII *a*i steady: Xo. 2 »pri=?
wi-at. fSSgiKc; Xa S. So.S95c: X-3v 2 red. S*9
Me; X*. 2 e«=, 4«-^4*'ic; X<x 2 y*Ikrw. IS*+.G
4*s,c: Xi. 2 oiti. 4->*%e4Ic; Xa. J watte. »i 4 e
43c; X«- 2 rye. *55«^: pseti feedia* barley. S2fi
33c; fair to ciofee aaaltJzs?, *2^52t; Ste. 1
fUrseeA II 61: ». I Narti westers, #1 «7;
paai* tiissjiay see-t. X2S2W; e:«s» p«rri. -per
t*rret $12 70012 75; lard. p*r ICO pocal*. $4 SO
e*92U; sJssrt rils st<ie» «cew». $7 23^7 37^4:
sbcrt c!»ar sid«* ffcexed). J7 2S«7 M; waiskyy
tasts cf t!a-!t wtaea. $1 2S; cl<rrer, coctrac*
Sra*«?. Sl<> 75. / I ¦ ;
Articles — Riweiccj. Siipiseats. ;
FT«cr barrels IXt^O ll.«fo
TTfcsat bssh«I* 7.3?*> 17.4«O
Cots, "tciaels 4<i?.*!ro S24.*^«
O*:s. bc*=*rs IO.WX 5i.9»»
Ry». bJi»fee!s. I.tC* i
Barley, bttsbeis 3a.2S« ]
Butter, Cheese end Eggs.
CHICAGO. J«a« 27- — Oa tfee V^t:'tx» Ex
f caaaye to-day ti« barter mark*t was steady.
Crejaeriea t3S§IS<t: dairies. n*~©:ee_ Ees».
stealy. t4&l*H^- Cfc*e*«. steady. 7ii€«c.
ELGny. EL. Jtn» 27. — But^fr ilvi:,.i>,i r; c
! a peuad'tai ti« Boites of Trade to-day, seilias
; at 17 *_••. SaE*s in. tie ' di*trtet for tie ireek i
¦ were S".^1SCO potsaits.
Future Grain and Prcz*isions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
'* 'One as Bed as the Other.
Tie Str^t Jwff r tT very aeat^r aars:
¦ Nt*tere a tie t^=aa =ii=^ »**a worfcia*
I* exrrerte* ncr* '• fa^ 1^ :: zt-t st*ii. aai =:«sey
=L*r «.*:*. Trine ire rre^'-<=t aad »_ii«a
cn^w rf t^-'"- thoc bos ti.«*e c^.t-g««
*xe a:»aT» frets c=* p«U« la tie «Ser. W»a
»-^*«i ts •:¦»*»¦* :a a tr-^tt i-« &I «sti=i_s=;
cr is. r*:e i«; s'.-xa •:*. ;*sat3iis=. ETery
tiayr ts eitSsr write cr f.'.*-it; tier* £» oe
• iiaii** -i r J '"** OrJy tart* yean xgz *
'.C9B9 »a-5 n! — fT 1 '*! tt ttisi cp ar.d tay ciat
ts« toc-= 0MB ta prc«res« waa Dodcal. d*a
¦•r'Vria a^i- «=re t» c*U*»«« rs n& M t<aicmi»
i:«;er«»ts, *i» I>:teiS epea wlta sctrra cr s*i*
jk<«. Ti-ca.y tie tsar wise ts bca»» t=csri
v:..f*itSJt =? ail say taat ta« 4erres«-^
ei^u=« Bad wSl r*J« a«-iy aai fc< s^<eee-i*-i
w"-3«£id W iitei =rca a* cte w*>3 ts either
bCatf to wi.*x i* »«*s abaci ii=c cr . els* it
*^ieaTOt-.r-«- t_> «:: r»<is ty a «pecLe« cf false
rreacsicis aiad ials* tiia a-attna.
¦ar, o»erd:i rrc*perr.y t^l we are ::» ta
daai*" - c f cTerdoti* ditrreayt-ic: we c » er 1M
?€-Te=>:<i3c aad we are new i= itr^v c« ever
c-^t watr.-g T
Government Fruit Crop Report.
-Vs-SK-tie Cr?s BsHetia. Crited States I>
**r-*.«rt c< Acrtcdtare. 'Wisaisrtae, D- C.
icr week eaAei J^a« U. 1>j4:
.. New Fl^Tl *\ ril "1 rrc=:i^*s exreHert; «
it-=* .O=ir^* «=-« crrr»- ij-": ; ;
• Nrw Tcri- iAafies pr-e=i*ta*; peaca-*s U«a*.
p:uaw arc cierr^e* r3C«i.
' ' N»w .'-rsey — rt-err-.es rcttir.* e= tie trees
•- r*r*»- ra»i«M riress* »^^^,
: re=t5-5'->»iia—^-'-trJt-r w-a-=s ta.-r-_ * er
ciaris: ctierwtse frK:t r*"C*7*-^j *¦**-
' Varriaai a=.i D«iawar« — Gcn-d week fcr
..." Tt' 1 "'* — *SB*ea *».«-^ff loctTiy-
G*arj3»— Peacies b»:ac siu;pe^i-
FT-rvjA — >J".tT^* fr=:r» crea'Jj i^atfU^i _y
ti» r«x— : ptaeapptai ftltir*.
Ktaawaini — Peaefae* pfcmttrat
.* Ar»*=i*s--Prc*T«sis ?=«¦ *~<rare fr=it crc-j.
• J f -«(wt — Frstt fair.
K^sriJ — A;pi«s aai ?earie» Setter tiaa
' •W-.5«--.r-;— Fr=:t fur eireyt ar5±«
• : : ->:5«— ArP-t* 6»tencraua?; »=ili frslts
"tj.eILer:t- . . _
:=4naa — Prcits. extent peact*s. c»=x well.
¦ar**^ . Virrl=-a — Arris* still irepptae:
¦»• .-«. aas ciemes j-rcnise pc-;r to
•> «tia-^Apci« crn- s^^^aTy irm; i«ac*.
rrxpe aii ri=. pr-aT^r:'^ snjrcv^c: ci»rr".es
— Fk;', ex;*7Jt pearae*. ccatia-ses
. jr.r-.e=tstr* t _ ; .
<-x;: *?;'.« c:ol; r.:-=» *=* ct«rrtes i fa Ir:
t ;ri>-r.*i *.=.- r«;wT« Uiit; cr»at«rr.es
. BMMOi — s=iU traits aicadaat; ttnwter
ri<M *be*=r ii=» ta r.^«a.
'¦• !¦¦» .IllBlHl cc=tia^e f*T .-at.e f^- arf-e*
taort srr*a fraits
* Ijar-€a5^— Ar;l*» rrowi-c- _ v _ «— ««• r »
• "", ~:;-r».-i-: — Fret rrc=is-^i«-. especially ia
' yrfc^ra «¦*!!»;¦*; stra»i<errK« aai citrries ts
t=a-ret5. *
' . Utah— Fntt ioiac weU.
- <"t»«-^. — Ci«m«s fair ta piofi: aprfi* praea-
U . . \
', • . Weather Report.
.<tT9t2 34*r-.-ia= — P*-:iic T^=se.>
•" • SAX FKAXCISCO. J=ae 27. - ». ts.
Ti« fctlowir-c =axt=is= ir«i =i=i=-^jr. t»ei
peratrH* are rfjcr^eii f<sr tie rre-v-.^a» daj
ttaca Eastern citiei :
BescTa 22-^ >•**» Orleaas 9^-72
„ Ciaetsaaa <C-^ FiOa-l^^-tU 54-7.>
Jack»ocTtI> P^yaafcAat'M **-T2
et. Laete »» *»>'¦ Tct* «2-«8
TH«: COA£T RECORD.
ktattcxs. J i = 1= £= f* £
¦ « • ;
E*jt»« 29.9* «•"• 4* N"W Cicely .«*i
i-cu". ..29. *2 ** ** TS" Ft.Oiy jt»
¦f~t»*-« 2».» S* 4* XVT «n*ar .«»>
i"r»4C« 2».«» !<»; **5 * **Iob£t -'*
tf E Fara.U~=. 2* *3 JJi 5«'» X"5V O^-iy .«"*»
FUXTtaff 23*4 V* C W Ck»ty ,0r>
r>tatei.io r».*> «4 4^i W O^&ly .*X?
l^>T*tM>»--« 2».7* 93 «ii» g Pt.CTiy .««>
°Iv» A=**T>* ..r5.«« 74 M 'BT CWr -W
»ft_T«-"« > r-'- 2»-«S «? 77 XTT Oar .«»
c ICarta E»»i «» ---
¦T'feocalx 23. <» 1>*5 7* XT5T Pt.C«dy .<*?
Pt R*ye> r.'t^».«3 57 t« If. CV^sdy J»
Ptr--aad £4 V? XTS" Cl«ar .«r»
T-'. '.- .". :• ' '. '* "¦ N ¦~.-*«r .f"
Ki»*tecrs 2».»4 *•¦» S0 XE CVear .00
farra.S'Ct'* 1 . . .29.72 9* «« 5 Clear .P0
-» • -^i- 29.** •» 52 XTK" Clear .CW
us FVa»rt»?T.2»-VS «"• &> W Pt.Ciiy .**>
' .>ia L OMfoaJt 72 !* *W Oar .69
J^ah Dx*r> 2S.*^ «> «> STW Clear -C»*
»>att>' Sf'.O 8 7% £2 XTT Ctear .CO
t-jic*aae 73.** *S 22 W O«r - »«•
T»*3C«S .Tr».12 54 4* fX Cl-xsij .to]
¦XTa.ru *VaIU..23.«* »» *3 S^w Oar .»
•W-ts=«s»ce» -29.*i M 54 XT3T C2e»r .«0
=>.e* I''*? 7» g C.ear .CO
tteathej* rroxrrncxF axi> ge^jxral
FORECAST.
°T6* rrtaasrt ha* r»s*ia*d E*ar'.y rlattcaary
cser tsc «st».n half cf tie cyistrj-. t.icoiy
: wea.ti:*» rr»vaC» ta the ?i*rras aad coeri!tt5c*
are fa'reratt* for tfc-saier k:.uu T3*»!!ay
*rt*T»5c?. ts tie as'^rttata* a=<4 Is>«aill».
Warsa wea.Li*r is rtportel 3 Om teterier of
ra*ifcrr=tta. afterg'^ea t«Ep«"r«.tsre» n^tj
Ir^cu t€O d»t'.'» ts 1O 4e»r*e«.
X« raJa £** faHea *«t ei tiae P-scJty Maca
tair»
Fcrecast Bad« at Saa Frasrtaca fcr tatrty
teen, essdia*" r=tiais*t ---• 2S:
' XertSers OiUfarsia — F«tr Taesdar, except
tis^der : «!a?«€rs ta tfc* Sierras; cr:«ite=*d
w»r=a w#atS*r la ti# iatertcr: fi«ry. cod
"•.••.tier ea t>e ecast: : xr: ecctierty wi^» jr-
Jasi: trJsjK wwrterCy wtois oc tS« «r«st.
Sectbers. CaJtfsrtaa— Oaady Ts*a«ay; r*?s
«liy tas»J«r «T«r=* ta tbe >¦»¦».'¦«#*-;¦§: U«5t
soct*»west «^ Irvrs
%>r»«t»— ClOBdy Tse*<f«y: rw.fy abewert;
c-atteged »tm
- Fraaci*r» aa»! ridaity— CSooJy Tee«
imr wtta f;« ta tie rwraia* aa4 at Erfxit;
lyrt seartwrv: wtais. caaajtaj t» ta-ak west
eriT. A- G. District Fsreeaster.
Fruit end Wheat Bulletin.
Tar tt* twecty-feer eocrs eadiax 5 p. «..
ITXa *s=srttfiaa xas*. Safi Frasciacai J-sa« 27.
iy4t
fill » ~ -7 s
. . fTATXOSSS. I 5- & £»
5 5^-1=
¦•• • ' , ; f f j f |l
O^rrrriaSe if*> ST Cfcar I«>
CcXsa* !?* <5 Oear .CO
rc-»k* IS « NTT Clear „ -CO
jrr»*=o 104 *¦« S CtesiT .€0
H*=f5f< I'.ft «3 Ciear .W
HwXII«t« T« SO W LcFec .tA
;=v;c-i;r..f S H S Pt.C_7 .CO
CHEESE — Stren.ri State "fea cxeaia. rciaj^. ,
cctored ajsrf whit*. .S\it?3c; Urs?. colored sad
wfctie. TJieS^e. .
EGG~--IrrssaXatr; Westers selected, m®
ISc; firsts. 17c \:''; r -'¦¦-
Ti* Pr«i^c* Sxsfcaz?* wta be cic»«d Sitsr
<iay» July 2.
DRIED FRnTS
ETAPOHA7ED APSTLE2 — The sarket
s&ows on r*n*-~g» eltiier ta prices cr ta ffeaeral
tra*» eosiSiUcsa- Ccnacac ar« «pceteii at 4©
5^<r: prtrie. 5Ug5*»c; cbcice. *S6H-. aad
fxacy at 1 c?=ts-
PRCXES — Scs« besia«so Is r-ported ta
praz#s fsr Octot«r delirery cb t&e bast« cf Z ,
cects far tte tensr s±ae» frasa tia wa« Prices j
ra^se from 2\c to 5?ic
APRIO^TS— Are «^i«£ asi gacT-arrge.!.
Cfccfce are mooted at »»i«iflc: extra eSoice.
lO^^l^^^. a=d faaer *t 110 13c
PEACHES — Arr«ir sctsewfeat sasettl'fd ow-
Isr t» aivices frcsa tfc* coast a* ta fstares,
aad e&Qbt* art c/*ste»i at 7&THc: extra ci-Jic*.
Tfsfsc, aad faacr « »H#l>s-
Ncw'York Metal Market.
TOR.K. -s=* 27-— Tiers was aaeti-r I
ih*rp <I«rCs* ta ti* Lea»1«a tla t=art«t. wttii
5fct clsatas t£*re at £117 11* &i aai rattire*
ax £117 ot. T&e local tairket. resjwaiia? t»
tie fareJga decline aial Use corrUscieiJ sla»^=«s3 .
cf trad*, test, part «C its late recoTery also.
cicntcs at *25 <ev§2S 12H-
Co^per was sH?ttiy fewer la t««v»jct, cJosis^ ¦
ax £Jo 15« ?<^ »?<5t aad at £5* 12s »d ta fa
trr?a- TTm tacal tnartft keii staady. bow-eTer,
wlta laie «r»t*l at *!2 C4©12 75; electra
!yt!e at *I2 Z&QVi €Z& a»l caatii? at
$12 liu^i; 2S.
Lead was stea.<Jy asd enciaaced at S4 2*@
4 S> is tlie i>:il sirkat ar>3 at £11 15» ia
Ixcdaa.
S'eiter was a shaiie hirae- ia Xew Tari.
cksbs at H *»>@4 S»>. altfcfflasi Lac-isa re
pened a s=*K <i«Jto« wtt» spoc at £22.
Irca eT'ised at 51* 3d fcs Glaj«aw aa4 at 4Zs
9^1 la lOOdteaberaL Locally trca was
V?- 1 focatrr Xortaera Is Q-»:trf at $14 5«J<i?
li; Xo- 2 focrniry Xsrtaera. J13 75-914 25; Xo.
1 focadry Scntiera a3d Xa. 1 foorairy Scnti
era sod at ?13 23^1J Ii
Pis trsa warraats are weai at J3.
Visible Grain Supply.
XK1T YOItK, Jca« 27. — TS* Tisial- st^piy rt
rraia Sarur-iiy. J=e 25. as eaazf"-^ fcr th<
Vew Terk Pro<i=ce Excfea=i», is as faUc«s:
•Wheat. l*.«5r^«'* &«s«I*. -iecreaae. l.«31.fW
tinsels: c«a. ».U3,C<«> fteifcrta. tacreise J15»-
Ct«> fcuf^¦ils: cats. 4.7T7.CO btni.<els» d-tcreiJ*
!«>€*.*> bus!:*!*; ry-t. S34.IXO bciieU. ¦iecrease
43.vC«> bu-t*U: barley. 1.212.CC»> ttrsaeU. de
crease T3.C«» imst«ls-
LOCAL ]iIABKETS.
filsa ' graces ccssttr? and cSetiis?. !M?2»U*t
Uxfct ft=e. iseis^c; fceary fese. ligiSc; «ri>
wasisetl, 2OJ33C
Foreign Futures.
LJViiliFOOI*.
WIseat— Jaly. 5e?t-
O?*zlzig : 6 4S «.5-i
Chsshif -** - «-»*¦»
• PABI5.
Wbeat— Jsae. Sepc-Dec.
o&f-dzg » *a i» si
Clc*t=^ » *O 2> tO
Fkwcr— - . - m
Op-ni=« 27 25^ 27 15
Clwizg -.--.; .....2725 2729
Northern Wheat Market.
>>;¦: OaEGOX.
PORTLAXD. Jzsse 27.— \Tteat— "Walla Wal
la. €Sc; til •!-*=, 77c; -raUey, 7Sc
WASHX?fL?TOX.
TACOMA. Jc=« 27. — Wieat. 1= ferwer f=r
6i-sest«n aad 2c tower fcr efcii. cteat=s V3O
utiecs be£=«; El2*K«=. Tie; elsb, *ic
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Jnse 27. — Cleariajs, J57O,t*7;
baiaseec $74^C
TACO3A.%. Ji=a r7.— Oaziaxs. SS^.-S^; feal
aaces. it4.i»-?.
POKTLAXD. Jca« •7— CI*arirLSs. HlO.ilS;
bsiaace*. f£.*.*3i
5POXAX1X J33* 27. — Cteari2£i, filO,:--*;
IVcU-sirect Stocks not materially changed. Cotton higher.
Tonopah stocks siiU selling heczily. Other stocks neglected.
Siher y z c higher. Exchange tcn-er. *
Wheat cr.d Bcriey tivc£ and tne letter lexrer.
Oc:s stilt ecsing off. crsing to crriz-ds of nttr crop.
Xo farther change iti Com or Rye.
r : -,. unS etiled and coming in heavily. Rolled Barley xveak.^
Bran end Middlings steady, with moderate offerings.
Beans cr.d Seeds dull end unchanged.
fatter rr.zrket improving. Fine Cheese rules firm. Eggs ueah.
Dried Apples. Apricots and Peaches slightly higher.
Previsions take a lazi'rr turn again at Chicago.
Xev Potatoes nrtrer end cleaning up quickly.
Xe-jr Salinas Burbank Potatoes appear in market.
Onions in light receipt, brisk demand end f.nn.
Poidtry in czerr.ipply r dull and z^rak.
Fresh Fruits in good supply at abcrut previous prices.
Pacific Codfish in barrels 50c Iczier.
Hcgs avci, zi-ith too many small cr.es coming in.
SVUU'ARY OF THE MARKETS.
FIGS— rifeSOc f^r «t=xis-Uyer a=4 *:<S7Sc
fcr dcci!e-ta7»r boxes
ITHLjOX^ — Caata^cpes *1 X<Q2 5* p«r erate;
Wi:«r=«'.ca I 1 -? r«r :>.
GRAPES — SefiTess. per «:t
CITRUS FRC1TS — Xavel Oraasrs. $1 ZSS2
7«r brx. as t-> sis* a=d VaI*a«riiS.
$1 fc^«2 50: iUditerraseas £w«cs. JI *:e2:
Le=ia=» « 5CC2 75 fcr facer. $1 30©* 75 tar
choice arrf fiei 25 for *t*3<£arl: Grap« Frslt.
J! 3Ce2 8* Vtfxieaa Li£=e». **5S p«- ca^e:
Eaai=a« J^©3 frrr tis=«iL fcr Cecirai Astntu
aarf J162 fcr Hawaiian; Ptaea?p>*, £±S3 ;er
isxea.
Priizes at Citros frsits stew p:n: i«rab> re
vision. £ioc5t» ci Xa-s-eU ?--^j: aJsMst es
tirtly cf t 1 " let*. wt£^. wbea rep«e»*l. BJ*et
¦unii r» iij sal« at :.-* ; i--.*i n:?* ii*i.ri=
Li=MS. Or»-« Frsit as.J l-esrcs* ar* seUisj
aiawtx at ti« !cc^-«s;aSJisb*d gjieea. asi tire
r,.::i-.:r! tcr Tas*ert=e» are emitted, as they
ta-e tzA tieir rc=- Tie stears*r Sierra,
brrssigit =p 171 1 b=r>ct*s c£ Ra •«¦**< asd W
crates ef Pi2#a?tte» frsra Hsaoli^a.
STRAWBKRiUXi— « £&&5 c*«t f»
Lc^rwsrtia +zA S2Q3 SO far ti« Urjer txrie-
Ucs.
LOOAXBEItRrES — ti^Z j«r eie*t far red
a&j 42 -'-;•> f^>r bUci.
BLACXESP-RrSS— *IS4 per cis«K.
R-VSFErlRRXEj — *4e«S p*r ciest-
CrRR.\XTS — U 2CPS per eS<?«-
CHERRIES— 1= «s=a« p«<ia^e». 75c€*l; ts
toKt. 7G»r t«r G> fcr 3U:i aad E^ral Asse.
AFHIOJTS — Sasal? fecxes a=d crate*. 4*©
75c: ta*Sc^t«. 3C>g4f.»:; to tcTi. 1^*:^ p*r !b.
APPI-ES — Xew ci-jc — fiei 35 per bcx Jac
ITkStC Astrakhan a=cS €C«MS.*I 19 for R*i As
tractai:; srsali Gre*3. ZZ&ZZc c*r fcasi-t *si
4Ci©»> per bcx. OH er^p — TjrgC p«r tcx.
PHAR5 — «ittp75« ;<r &cx cr :*«*.«:-
FEACKSS —^Ts?«£k: p»r isax cr bsexst: !arj»
cr-= Ns»s». ttei 25.
PI.C1K — Clyssaa. 5C<©«53e ¦pft bcx =r crat»;
Cb?rry»P*t3T=j. £»*;Mc p*r Sex: 5t=-«: P".=a.
F*r crate; Tra^eiiy Pra». 73cH*l per
er&te.
F«sh reeelpta sf AprtretSL P-arhes. PM=ss
1= ¦: a;-:« *-;r-« BsWar t&as cscal iz.i ticj*
<Ie»cr*.-!ucnj ci«aoe<! c> better :m "<« Satsr
<i&T- Pziets. !wjrertr. were ect =r=ci lirier,
as <£calers wer* atiVrca t> ¦::»4.i b? t= ex-
P'^ctatica of h*a-s-y rectisis to-iay. a=<i ti« «Se-
Cici was »stti=« «xtra_ Faacy ieu at Ajri
cots fca bali asM v> t5* r»c-iiar trai* at
siiyistiy idgtr? ;rlc«s a=d the casfiers were
paytay I25'fii3 per t^s tsr ssrpl^* stoek. tct
»ere snail* ta jrsoire aay jt*i:
Ft^ »•«•« rcilsrlj pljctiJc!. ncelpt* b#ts«
ov«r liCO ;a.i»rr> a=«4 prt<e» of criisary
7riciar-?i dacli2.*<J sSarciy. Si^« etete* ©£-
fertscs f-031 Krssro pacied te S*-H» crairs
scid at *X©1 25 per crate. 5::cti of 6SA erep
A-; :«s ia ecid stwajs are tretty w«U cle*s*l
up. bet what Je* are Itiz are *s!:.:? slowly
owtss 19 Ur* fctereasis^ eccsjetitioB et sew.
Tt«re were as Graces recetTtt! asi M*!«is
wer; <pici*4 ow-iiy ta til* caot wt«tier.
whici restrtcted trai*. Cterriea a=ti Carra=tj
rcl*^ fira. at sJuarpry airaa<re>i prices. wtiX*
Barries wer» tscSaed to eajtoe«s.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EGOS— Rascis. 22«t24 fcr fair » dS«*e:
•tssrf. :&gI3c; Eajurs, X3^T3c tor 2r«ii *»t
Two izxensis h*r~ la»5r 4rr«i~;**l ta ti«
Bstt«- rsaritet; cc*. :cc» «< Cr=» «te
ar» fes^crrSLr Easi^ra z««(ij. aad who vase
priaea ;«c f rs«i3ct a jT«aee4 fcr tie
ber.+tt ef :i**» I«»rtat2sii3; tise ct&er of
t&4ee lueses i»t. :- fca?« soc i»: «^'«>««* itrr.-5
« - i tt:. i ¦> ace -wast to sc* *" r a«tva=e«
tfcey pn t£rec5fe_ Bast tie sxart=^ is abca:
«rrw. Jfcct ef ti» issues yesteriay upact*;
fcr tsc er??usery aa»2 tie r""tiiI*T» ¦wire sajiss
tiis £j=rt. *3d «t«3 «. £rastisa csdts far sotss
tttag- zxira fe.». Tiare U sc«=* Esrt«r ces=l=*
ta triTB. ti« jecti«rn ctsut. tlth<?n» tai*a by
Vc* Ji^gtlea. t^t r*siS;^«sS i«r«; aad after
tiii I ; -r trap it s> Jjszir -»-'¦»« Crst-dass
aaij s*2» tsr vt»t It wCI trSij-
io^-^"x=s-;a (2tcte Is q3O£«S hi*h«r, bet
iau tiscv =*> ciASf?.
ft taxes a rrttry sard bt* «SJte Enr ta bC.=«
~~e. twit tcsae ai« sttS trlasti? it. Tt«
jbclx ci t±a besides* is ra".-s Bexs •» **
R*:e!Bt3 w-r» 5^«C*> lbs BCrter. 1TCS ease*
E?rs ac«S Zi.'Sii Hw Ch««se.
BLTTE3J — Cr«=r«TT ax int i*=. -i*. liStO?
flex esxraj asj ls^.c f?r Cnts; dairr. li^
ITHe: «tsr* Btrttsr. Ji@lSc; eefi stsraj-, dcse
ir.a*
CHEEST — K4@9c f=r eiseic* r=H3 »» a=»i
7S7~ - for lam*: sxmd**z T" rrTt r AzsTrtcas.
95-f«*:c; Eajters. Ii^ei4c Wsacsra. 11612=
Butter, Cheese ar.d Eggs.
Ur^» ,j-if *-$g4 ;•> f:r srrraH; r"^ "g Soc«trrs,
f7 5C^»; e!i Boosmts. Slgi; Frr«r». *3 M«©
6 i ?: BfcCcrs, *.it:: ;«.• fcr Xarpe at. I Jr§2 3w
tor «rtia3: F :?*:ii. $1 50 ;<r is%ea. tat cH. aad
»I 30^1 75 tor £qui>a.
GAilE— H*r«. f 1 25 p«r desea; P-ii:;:«.
*1 75©t fsr CotuctaiU aad fl jc-issai far
[||M»
Re*dir* 8.500 <7*i 46-i «i%
Rfadir* Ik pfd sit,
Kttdiss 3i jrfd L2SO «7 £S*s «7
>-• » Isli-d O> «•> ~}% 2v%» 2O*,
Rock liUsi Co pfd l*» 63 €3 «Vj
BttSFS) p4d 15*«
St Lcais S W id> ii 12 n* %
St L S W f-f I iijij 2*4 3^5 2>V»
S«u:i-*ra Pacific .. 17,jm> 4m 444 «H
Socticra Railway. I*O 3 22 29%
=.:•--..-. Ry pf J <5
Texas <k Pactae S» 22*5 22 ** 22
T=l St L _ W i.» -1*^ Zi\ Ti
To! £t L & W p!d. ISO 37-* 37*» SI
Cafes Pa.ci2> 14.l>0O S.V. S^x &5*i
f^fcc Pacific pfd.. :eo w, scr-» . **
w_t_« 2 %..- r-ro us i*S 15*4
Wxbasis rf4 2t*J 34 1 , 3-. 34
Wl^itLE li~
Wisc£_s& Ctatral. 1S*> 1*^ 1S% v *C
¦Wtsrec Out r-fd.. 1«> 37*, 57^ 37 u,
3£>xt<c&a Ce=!L~a . . 2» 7*^ TJjj 75^
Express Cofz-jpaaiea —
Aiajsa ... _3
AEerrcaa IPO J» 130 15.1
Carted states i$t
Wells-Farr} 2U>
Mi»«naj=*ccs —
A__Tsiai Cocker . S.7&> K-H *»»£ 3*>
A= Car £ Fiy &:«> IT 11\ l«*i
A= Car 4: Fir pfi. 100 THi 11\ 71
As Cattcu Oil lu» 3K K'-, K
ak cctt» oa pea. a
Ajserteaa Ic» ;r t > $%, $.¦%, «jj
AS.erican lot pf4.. _» 2-i** 2S*s Mi,
A= Lttseed Oil I7* 3
As Li= Oil pM 54 <v
Aai Le^odctiire . . _. .... li^s
As Ixxvs,-: zii.... UO » »3 8STi
A=i S=*It & RZg.. 2.0C0 544 34 54
Aa.Ss & Riff pZi ilf.> ST S*}^ S«Wi
Aa Sir*r RTr 3*J»> I2i\. t2&% I5i*j
Aa»ce= Kirf^? Cc T2
Brrjci R±? Trarait i*.O *>H 47^ - 4*
CcXo Ftsd A Ins.. .... 2>H
Cc^scli.tat^i G*4 . !.»>. 133^ 133 X»i«
Corn Pr^e^-rtj 11
Cfcra Prai2C-» pM «
Distil S«ccr.:ie» .. Iti*> C3 l i 21\ 2J
G«=«r»: ET.«.-tr*c . . Vft 155 155 134
i&Etcrc&U Pa^r .. 4-Ti> tit,. 11 11
1st Par*? C^d 5» S?^ «7H «7*i
Iswrr. *cl PuTiip SU
Xir^EAl* li*d . . . . 3»» 2C*j i> »H»
N'cr-Ji Aiaericaa .. 1W «3 S5 »5
P^^€"« Oai 3l» 9*'-4 ;;.i 9-%,
. Pr«s»»<i t<«i Car IT
Fr«ss*l S: Cir pTt .... 7»
P^lzzir. Pal Cir- K»> t!7 H7 tH
R?r=bli2 Si«: **i
BcpakBe ?t«*l pea. *:v»
P.=tfc*r Gtoii l?w 1.514 iRi 4 lii^
R=S*?r Gcods cM~ l-*> 7? 7* 7*
. Ttr.3. Csstl & Iro4S. 4-:*> K\ 33 35i;
IC S Leather .« C
f = L*a-ii»r pf.-i... »*» «O SO IWJ
r 5 E*»:ty s*> 5% 5-4 5^
r s Pjaift rH *>» a>--i 3*=i 5.*^.
|C R3!**r M IS"-. t«H 16V
r S R=t*er p?i «***
[C 5 Ste«! 1.5.» 1ft 9\ »*»
'tV S 5:*ei cfd 9.3M 5«^ *»S
¦^»st£=js*sc«* HZ*c_ 154
"TTestera Cstes S*ij
Tc til rates li*_3«*> siar»s.
AirESJCAK CAS OOJfPANT.
3»- 4 . »fi.«.i £*J 4 -
XSTW YORK BONDS.
jtBntll rec..I04*»-L i X -ariie-1 4«.1«S
1 Do escjca I65^«:ili2 coc c«id ii. :••»*,
t*j ..•* rt* I'.-5»4 Jf*x C*acral -ts... «4i-
Dr> cucjco*. l€»i , Do 1*1 tsc U"
D«> c<» 4s res-lSI** iCnn & S; L 4j.. *5%
Do e?5?.ja IXiS;iI. K £: Tex **... 5.5^
De eld 4a rtg.i l >i-* ; Do i±* 7s*i
£>a cc?zjc= ICTvt NH ?c J**x cca 4» 77 1 <
A-.:is yea is I£2*a;X T C s»a i<-*..lO,i-.
D-iNti* 4a >s iN J C c*3 is X*Ha
1 ArUnuc C I. 4iH iN<w P*c ts K3
Bait 4 Ohte 4i...l«'H; Do 3* 7*
Do i^i K)ilKar & W" ej= U.1CO
; Ckatzml c* Ga S«lU6VOSX. *» & P*rtic >:*J
Do 1« ise «4ij.Pi co=t S^s S*ii«
; ctt * Ai^w as-. 7»'-,ss :. i : m «n &s.u;t,
i C. B ic. Q £«w 4t 37^« S LiiFftfe >->-
I CM t;Pp tel-* |fl Lccl* SW Uii. $i\
i C * .V\l" <ft?s 7s.L2»"-»s*aly:ir-l A L 4s. CS
[ C E I * Pac 45, *9 t5; Pic 4s &;^
I>> cci 3a 7**, =o Railway 5» HTv-
C.C.C i SLcs ts.I-."i>^:T?s *: Pae l»t»..i:*si
[ Chi Tera 4s 7«5 . T. St L * vV" 4s. 7&
i Cess Tofr**xa 4a. fl%' L'nsoa .Pae 4j l€5'-i
I Cdo i -: *? «4 t L«n ftaXT 4a »7'i
' C F 4 I ccs S«. :, £C S Stcd »i 5a.. 75* 4
J Dea & Rio G 4r.t€«>U* Wafeasil Uzs 117
r BrfC rr£«r Da 4s.KOi»" L»> dtb B 5*i«
&> *?= 4s 5*VW * L Exi* 4s... »4
F IT t D C Ists-ieti, WJs Ce=iraJ 4»...
; Bock Val 4 4*...if3i»
Xm- TOF.K MINTXG STOCKS.
s Aitisa Caa. SV'Orrtario ... j((
i AUce S^OphSr 5 ss
Br»««»> _ I& P»K*cix .". ii
« Ccta TbsbcI C7 Pc?c»i «r;
Ccc Cal A Va... 1 C«>S*raxf .'. " n
H:r^ SJrer 1 3> Sierra Ke«aii ~
» Ires. S:l-v*r 1 « 5=al! H^pt* *
Zjfi.i^illf C<j= ... dSta=4ard 2a;
Boston Stocks and Bor.dtS
j ¦
Mciaey — ll*ait«<i Frvit i«
J c*a ij*xj z9Hitu s ct*«: &»i
j Ttne L-saca 5§4 i Do p*i ... jjC
3«»i*— fW«*tta« Ccra»ossl 75
; Arrii*c= 4s IQ^j IC!-;^—
Do a-U 4* S^ ¦ A iv»nt-rr>» 1
SI-x C*strai ti... <3 »A^c«i 7
BmHttjaZs — lAas»I Cc^:p-r 45%
I Atcfci*:« 7i«» ' A-ztr Zfoc 94
To pM »4'At!aatK 7^
1 B.«tca & AIt*ET^«:4 ; K=rta=i rj"I
; Bortaa & yia.^.\"* tctctam * H*-u.4TJ
B:«tct: EI-t 1€> fC»rt?=;sia! ;¦>
FltcSfccrr rJi 135 !c<*per Rar^re ctj
M*x C«irral 74 Da.'r W«t 3C
t X T. N H * H..l>7 itte Ccai c
S P»r» Mar^=*tt* . ;S 75 ' ?ra cilia I. 7
¦ Uejcb Paci5c >¦¦»'* 'Graaey "..". %
J«S*c«»Ila=*->cs — ;i»> Rcx»l» 7*;
S ASl#r Arp CV=. 13'-; Vi« Sfiais* . «
Co ?fd rui*st:<»ti»» !7. 3^
• Aja-r P3f3 Tebt. miVcfcavk |«5Ji
A=*r Scjrir I^ r \'M.7ct Cr«5 * Cck- 4
! A=-r T*t & T-I.t3ft >o4o«la i^u
I Ar=(rr Wocirs ... tow;' Parrr« I -5
D« pttt 77% Qrris.rr III! «
; Dcr= Ina t S... 7^-^aj^va "jr
; Ej,ir*ct nic=...=s«H r-wtr ".. 4 5
;¦ O*c E««*rtc 134 ir ?s Hiniax n»u
Do pM 72 fUtak |i
I Mite Oa» BHIWtarte ' "«:
; Cs S 1^* iU«h... ts^n-jaea ".*. fe
D>^ rT4 3 f %
Lend on Closing Stocks.
iCe=» B«!fT...«»!I.lfx y c-ctral 1131;
¦ pe *«t S<> ;x«r ft ITcstcia .-7:;
r A=acnda S^{1 Dr> f« r> *
! Atctinwi 7*H t '"'« * Tr«ft?ni. •njv;
Do rfi »7'>»;PeTt=s7^ras£* .. . Zii
\ BUt * OUa <S !T»a=rf Mis>, to'!
; Can Pacific IV?K' ¦&**&** .. _ -1*
: Cfce« A Otio 32 ! D^i trt p»-i.. " 4?
I C3d Or»at T.-«t.. I* I tV> Z* rH.. SJtj
i Cti. Jin £ St P.l**»i'«^ Earwsjr . " ' r*\
t I> B^*r» !<^= Dw p#j ...
i D*s * R;-o G J;W«-» Pit"V . ..^." «
j _ I> » P''t 7?s,'XTs!aa PaciSc .... »^S
El Jr - v," ttu ' Do cfi »
Do I«t pfi JOtj'-r * Sr»«» . ia
I EMda * Va»ft...iTt f Do t^.i X"!«
( M K * Ton... I7^'E?»c!?S 4s «7?j
Ear *rST«-_Flna. -st %4 p.^- ©cac*.
M-r=«T—^-C3 fHfr ccat
I . Tfc *-J», t *,«^^*»»n« to th* «?*= wrtu fta
Condition of the Treasury.
1 WASHIXOTON-. Ja=« 2S. _ Tr-^y rU»e
iVra' F<?rJ^ Co//on Market. -
NETT TORK. Jo=« 27— COTTOy— FUt»ir«
I pp«=«i Cna. JatT. \n_mc : At^t I«v"S^
j ?«^rT«»^eT. 9_We: Octo*wr. ».C5«- Vs-re-^'
I ».fcv : lXr-s:t*!r. S.Sle: Jasca-r. 9 <^u
I soles. T2"--> . i:-i.
«V«tr York Grain and Produce.
___
VSrW TORK, Jas- 17— FIXJCR— Jfcwi-sts
M4.1QO larrK*.- exrrrt*. «?<!.> t*mls: zaarie-
Iwtthcct tartst* *c-3 ro!*J dsiL ' *
WHZ.KT— Re«irt*. 4*.«y> fcts*!se!s- •i- Mr ti
1 9»0 fcc*S»!». * Spc* rra.-kst. -a*r; Xo. 2 r?3l
! Rrtreira't «>Tarcr: Xek. 2 ns«S. «1 t» t . e. fc;
j aScat; -Va. 1 X«rth«ra. Dctetfc. « d>i f. «. k
I »*.-»»: N«. 1 »tard Manlteta. iMiaiBal • o. K
; aA»t. Xr<n. f ma aftr?«« «&§ tfc» W«»t prrr.
!=«¦ l*w JwUiji. wfe**; ex3erte=«i3 BBjd-rat*
w»*)m*»» «I1 dar- *iti J 1^ t*ad!i? uaiw
P««t» cJ ¦*» »k«at. Witters crca ««aU
* tJoes »»r» b*«er. Tt» -*.-'*•: d»«d t^c ta
5«pt«=b*T. «S««? »¦!«&-' etiwn) . sst^e; uii^:
HOP?— Oaf«t.
J HTDKS—Stffa^T
f WOOL— Steady.
jrt-OAB— Ra*r. Crta: r*i=*i. fira.
CCmrE-SwJt "clet: rclli qaief : Tb«
f i=»rk»t f«~r fatrrrw cr>»r*f» *t»a-ir at aa '¦ *d
l -rame* d 3<^lft poiat» »nd «3e»«I n*t ercia=*«d
» to i sotat* fel rlKr. T«al sales. l*,Ctio baxx
hartodiaar: Jotr. 5-75eA.sa c: -s <f= t« S i <r . A g
Ef'Tr'R — Easy: ct»*s:#tt. eoea?acn. t» €x
itntJ State daijy, eatssscs ta extra.
. ueiTs. ,,-¦.--.
THE SAN FRANXISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1904.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
STOCK 1L-REET.
15
AUCTION SALES
fe _^ fe
Auction Sale
Of 40 SZAO _IGH-C_A.SS 8TA3n>A_3>
WTH) C OI.T3 ASTD CTT.T.rES.
SSr-d by -nreSesae. 2:1«^,: TTm. TIir_t
2:13H: HanaMrturg'aa Wiitea. 1S731, asd — a«-
lerey. 2319%.
nOX TES _E£X SSTATS.
Haywari*. Cal. asd Crier Qwaerm.
At aasse t-a* wta »»:: eartoad o£ Or.NT-3
•WORX HCR523. n-ws 122O to !*.«. re_dy »
t» » worit
TO BS SOLO
TTTSSSAT STZanOIO. 3— i« S3. 19<H>
At 7:43 a. ra.. at Sa^sya--*. I^S SL-R5CST tt_
Ceraer V«a Xcaa a^e.
H~»e« at yard Satsriay. J_« 25. 1*>-
Sc_d fcr ca^aigyaa.
ntET> H_ CHASE A CO..
Soocesscrs ta g~rr j r?» A COl.
Lire S^jg^ _3CX^ocera,
fe £*
By erder et tie zxsrtitzar d tie P*.ers«-*tr«et
Siii:e.
trrr'PiERCS sr^ «
Cs TMfStaOAT. J_t SO. tl a. av.
I will sell at 7"_5Ec aasrSsa
THS EXTtHE COXTEXT9 OF THT 5TA3-S.
CcatUt^a- ef
CJ HORSXS— MATCH BLACK?— Ca* SATCLS
HO25ES. 2 FAST PACXJ-5. 33 bead ai t_»
best besiaess bcrse* tiat ia** erer b*«3 af-
ferwS at ».;"; = . also a ccst ¦::•-:? Ua« eT
r=fe&er tin t=jia«*s tajfr-es. 2 «xpr»«s. 4 $ro~
e»ry 4 sediUa*. 1 bsrtcter aad 2 e_r .9 wayjes.
3 traps. 4 scrrejs. 2 3-seaiera. 1 iearse. 3 ri3-
abectJ. 3 caru. 1 rsiber Vsm (M waiwe. »
•ta_ic©ea, 3 ;.-»••..: rj wj^pa, rcte». 5» _»t»
iarae»» of2c« sxrares. etc. T_» _-e U pc*-
U-rily w;tictit l_ait cr reserre. as tie l*a»»
ias beea sotd t» tie Caifarsia Baxerr Cc^-
paay aad tsost racat* J-xsm -». _M » - >:* »
cow wcrira* »-f? ca« be «*: at aay cai ia
=_rat=c ac eTeaia*. •-> aay oae c««d.a« a r*&.
bescst wcrx srr dr-.Tta* bcrs* wta da w«i» ta
! wan ts tars cic«ai oct sole.
; WTT^ftV CLOUGH. A^rtlaaear.
5^ '^ 5^
Ta be aeis at aaetlre. 29 aT-pcrpcs*!
bsrsea, *» tets iaraess, al*3 a _rr» stack sf
! wayiss. carts. bc<zt«s aad surrey*. Ti**i*; .
Jsae 25. U a. ta.. at U«o Fsiscs* «t- "K^<-
1 CLCUGH. Asgtjsa*er.Tivoli.
The second week of "Robin Hood",
began last night at the Tivoli.
' Fischer's.
"The Mormons" continues to be the
attraction at Fischer's Theater.
The Chutes.
Trask and * Rogers, blackface sing
ing comedians and eccentric dancers,
were new at the Chutes yesterday and
made hits at both ¦ performances, as
did also Fyne and : Dandy, comedy, ac
robats, who are unusually funny. The
dainty Fay sisters changed their songs
and dances, the musical Harts varied
their selections on their odd instru
ments and Lamont's Australian train
ed cockatoos repeated their act of last
week! 'Hallie White, the so
prano, was heard in . new illustrated
songs, and the animatoscope, showing
the' realistic reproduction of a train
robbery, completed a capital pro-»
gramme. The amateurs will appear
on Tlrursday night. ) '-:: .'
JOL.I£T,'m.. June 27.— Harry Jacobs, Harry
Brooker and John Bloom.' all of this place,
have been drowned in 'the Illinois River, near
Morris, by the accidental capsizing of a boat.
...-¦- -_v ; . » i ¦
Some - very swell weddlngr announcements .'
come from Edward S." Kno wlea, 24 Second St. •
SPOKANE, June "I have
received Instructions to* prepare plans
for a parting plant to be erected at San
Francisco by the American - Smelting
and Refining Company and to purchase
ground for the works," said E. B. Bra
den'of Helena, Mont., who has just re
turned from New York City. Mr.
Braden Is the general Northwestern
representative of the American Smelt-
Ing 'and Refining Company.
•'The plant will cost approximately
$75,000 . or $100,000. It will be for the I
parting of gold and silver. The plant '
will, handle the bullion of the North- ;
west and Alaska and a large amount
of Dore bullion of California. I will
probably leave for San Francisco with- I
In a week or ten days to carry out my j
instructions."
*p*my Prepares to Establish
New Branch.
American Smelting and Refining Com-
WILIi BUILD A PARTING
PJjAXT AT SAN* FRANCISCO
; At the . Central 'Theater last night
"The Power of the Cross,", a. new mel
odrama, which ; has won' success in the
East.' was, produced^ ¦for. the first time
in "this ; and was given a . rousing
welcome by a.crowdedjhouse. , There
was no dearth of applause in any part
of the play, but the - climax, which
completely captured the audience,
drew- thunderous curtain calls and
brought each member of the company
In, turn to receive- individual" recogni
tion,, came in the .third act. . HeVe the
villain is* deterred from a contemplat
ed crime vision of "a cross on
fire, which -fills- him. with -awe and
palsies the Thand .raised to strike.
While this is going on a' reporter- finds
the, rogue's apartments" in .the; top of
a skyscraper ; and* uses ; wireless teleg-
Central.
Owing to the illness of, Mrs. Leslie
Carter the Grand Opera-house was
closed last nlghtr .Her physicians says
that Mrs. Carter must have a couple
of days' rest, .'and she will be able to
appear to-morrow night in "Du Bar
ry." Those having seats for to-night
are notified that they can be ex
changed for any of V the : remaining
nights of the week. Seats for to-mor
row (Wednesday) matinee will ; hold
good, for Thursday afternoon, to which
date the matinee. is postponed. '
Grand . Opera-Housc.
raphy to summon the police. The lat
ter aid the heroine, who has been im
prisoned in the villain's den, by low
ering. a rope from, the roof to the/win
dow. . The .woman swings out into the
airland the coward, recovering from
hie fright, rushes to cut the rope. The
soubrette dashes in with a pistol, how
ever, and the conquered scoundrel
is held for the police.
Floating; spots before the eyes, dim
ness of vision and weak eyes, cured by
Murlne Eye Remedies. A home cure for
x eyes that need care. • v-i*-;
SANTA ROSA, June 27. — L. E. Da
vis, an ex-convict. Is held at Hopland,
charged with being . responsible for
the recent fire at that place. Davis
was discharged by a Hopland firm and,
it is said he made threats to get even.
Iloplnnd Man Accused of Arson.
MILWAUKEE. June 27. — Former
United States Senator John S. Mitchell
is suffering from intestinal cancer and
is said to be in a serious condition.-
Former Senator Seriously 111.
A quintet of colored young men
from the Claflin University, Orange
bury. S. C, will give one of their
unique entertainments in the Young
Men's Christian Association auditori
um next Thursday evening, June 30.
This is the first appearance of this
special company in California and
they have sung in nearly every city in
the State. The young men are accom
panied by Rev. L. M. jDutton. D. D.
president of the Claflin University.
Conceit by Jubilee Singers.
Three-burner range with oven, JS.oO,
connected ready for use. Tuesday, Wed
nesday snd Thursday, at S. F. Gas and
Electric Co.^415 Post street. •
HONOLULU, T. H., June 21. — A
Merchants* Exchange, formed on lines
similar to that of San Francisco, is
being organized here.
Merchants Forming Exchange.
Much better than the original Hope
Langham was Miss Virginia Brissac,
and Miss Brissac has done pretty
things of the kind before. Given* a
little more vivacity and her girlish.
Winsome picture of the young Ameri
can girl would be of unusual value.
Again competing favorably with the
original is Fred Butler's MacWilliams,
whose primitive virtues were excellent
ly exploited by the actor. The best two
bits of work in the piece are, however,
John B.\ Maher's Captain Burke and
George Barnum's President Alvarez,
both admirably -fitted In. Miss Bel
garde's Mmei Alvarez is another figure
more convincing that the original play
er's. The rest fill In -without much
conviction, Miss Ellsmere's Alice 1 Lang
ham,. Mr. Cohners' Captain Stewart
and Mr. Johns' Reginald King being
all notably but; of pitch. 53 But the aver
age-, of the ¦ performance is high and
the piece will* be "enjoyed by' all who
like a bit of j wholesome, boisterous,
sunny Americanism. ¦' ¦ . * ' ¦¦-
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
It is a matter . of personality, the
disagreement of Mr. VWhittlesey and
his part, that of the, square-jawed,
practical, resourceful American, Rob
ert Clay. One does not believe him, for
example, when he ,' pictures himself
fighting with "greasers" for his last
dollar on the floor of a Mexican mud
hut. Nor does he persuade ' to belief
as the mining engineer, who bullies,
blarneys, bulldozes 2000 lazy Mexican
workmen Into a contented obedience.
As a lover, yes, Mr. Whittlesey makes
eloquent love to the Hope Langham —
nice girl! Yet even his loses
point from his failure to catch the vital
Americanism of the character, for it is
herein that the portrait of Robert Clay
is distinctive. In good sooth the Whit
tlesey Clay— "He might have been a
Roosian, a Turk, or French, or Proo
sian, or an I-tal-i-an!"— in spite of all
Mr. Davis 1 temptations to him to be
come an American. Yet the perform
ance € <loes not lack power. Mr. Whit
tlesey's grip on the breathless climax
of the third act, where Clay's friend is
shot dead at his side, is a compelling
one. The scene is vigorously sincere
and persuasive. Yet the portrait as a
whole Is not the actor's best work.
White TVhittlesey's standing with the
Alcazar, clientele must be flatteringly
adjudged from the house that greeted
the popular actor last night. Mr. Whit
tlesey began his usual summer season
on O'Farrell street last evening in
"Soldiers of Fortune.' the Richard
Harding Davis play Introduced here by
Robert Edeson, and an audience the
size of the theater made a festival of
the occasion.
To leave Mr. Whittlesey for a mo
ment, it may be truly said th'at the Al
cazar produced the play admirably.
There are some in the cast— Mr. Whit
tlesey not of them, unfortunately — that
equal the original players, and the pic
tures are excellent.
The contract for furnishing absorb
ent cotton and plain gauze to the City
Hospital was awarded to Cadogan- &
McCIure, despite the protest of Herbert
P. Dugan, whose bid was the lowest.
The contract for burying the in
digent dead was awarded to William
Hagen and D. J. Kelly at $5 50 for each
burial.
Dr. Ward, president of the Board of
Health, Health Officer Ragan and City
Physician Purlenky appeared before
the committee to urge that provision
be made for the purchase of a portable
sterilizer and for the payment of the
Chinatown cleaning squad. It was
agresd that the Health Board shall
pay $2400 out of its surplus to pay the
cleaning corps and also for an electric
motor for the sterilizer. The commit
tee promised to pay $2600 for the ster
ilizer out' of next year's urgent neces
sity fund. The contract for the motor
truck was awarded to P. F. Dundon
for $1300. 5- a '»V
The Finance Committee referred to
the City Attorney the petition of W.
S. Harpor to lease a block of land for
amusement purposes at. the ocean
beach for an opinion as to the board's
power to lea.se the land.
The petition of the Laborers' Pro
tective Union that the board instruct
and financially help the Board of Pub
lic Works to carry out the ordinance
providing that the minimum rate of
wages for unskilled labor shall be
$2 5a per day for eight hours was re
ferred to the Street and Printing Com
mittee. S
MINIMUM RATE OF WAGES.
The petition of W. E. Gallatln Jr.
with a claim of $100 for the arrest and
conviction of Joseph Gagen for turn
ing in a false alarm of fire was denied.
It developed that an ordinance provid
ing for such reward was once in force,
but was canceled when the city or
dinances were revised on the ground'
that thore might be collusion to secure
the reward!
Although an Inspector of sidewalk elevators
has boen appointed, he ignores the provisions
of the ordinance, and has told the owners of
such elevators that they did not need to in-
Btall th? improvements required by the ordi
nance. We are informed that he is entirely
Ignorant of the requisitions of such elevators
What Is this salary paid for? Either give us
an inypector who understands his business or
do awsty with the office. Th« public demand*
to know why its officers ignore the law.
A communication signed by A. J. Van
Drake, James Patterson and others was
received, in which attention is called
to "the unofflcerlike conduct of the of
ficials of the Board of Public Works In
refusing to carry out the ordinance
providing for the inspection of sidewalk
elevators." The communication, which
was referred to the Fire Committee,
says :
SAYS LAW IS XOT OBEYED.
When the ground upon which the
walls of a structure are built is above
the street level, the average level for
the ground adjoining the walls may be
taken instead of the curb level for the
height measurement.
"For buildings eretfted on a street
corner the measurement shall be taken
from the curb level opposite the center
of either front."
dinance providing that instead of
measuring the height of buildings from
the curb line, "it shall be measured
from the curb level at the center of the
front of the building to the top of the
highest point of the roof beams in case
of flat roofs, and for high-pitched roofs
the average of the height of the gable
shall be taken as the highest point of
the building.
Ordering street and sewer work on
Seventh street, between Hubbell and
South; Anderson street, between Eu
genia and Courtland avenues.
Authorizing the payment of $625 to T.
Kytka for expert services in the trial
of Cordelia Botkin.
Providing for the acceptance of Ninth
avenue, between H and I streets: Hart
ford street, between Eighteenth and
Nineteenth, and Protrero avenue, be
tween Mariposa and. Twentieth streets.
We recommend that the bid of the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company, as presented,
be accepted, subject to certain conditions which
require the addition of 100 new arc lights and
"00 new gas .-•lamps: and the. lighting of the
dome of the City Hall any twelve nights during
the year, specified by the Board of Supervisors,
and that the sum of $:120,000 be paid In twelve
equal monthly installments for this service,
l*-ss deductions for lights not burning, said out
ages, so-called, to be commuted at 8 'cents per
night for gas and o5 cents per night for elec
tric .lights.
Any reward of contract made upon these
terms will give the city and county for said
sum of $320,000 all night street lighting from
1112 electric arc lights and from 5-'S3G Welsbach
gas lamps.
The Board of Public Works was di
rected to light the City Hall dome on
the nights of July 4 and 14.
The ordinance prohibiting the sale of
police badges or stars was passed to
print. ' '
The ordinance imposing a license on
riding academies of $2 per quarter when
the business amounts to $500 per month
and $4 per quarter when the business
exceeds $500 per. month was passed to
print.
The roadway of Baker street, between
McAllister street and Golden Gate ave
nue, was fully accepted.
Grades were ordered changed and es
tablished on Duncan street.
The following measures were. finally
passed:
Authorizing the payment of a demand
of $20,000 in payment. to the estate of
John Wallace for lands comprising
South Park, the title of the same be
ing now vested In the city.
Ordering grades to be changed at
certain points on Green, Fillmore,
Greenwich and Piedmont streets.
The board awarded the contract for
lighting »the streets and public build-
Ings to 'the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company for $320,000, the
amount appropriated for the purpose
in the, next municipal budget. The re
port., of the Light Committee recom
mending the award of the contract was
adopted and is as follows:
Whittlesey Is Welcomed
Actress' Illness
Closes Grand.
POPULAR STAR WHO BEGAN AN'
ENG-AOEMEXT LAST XIGHT AT
THE ALCAZAR.
Policemen Hook and Carr and Messrs.
Baldwin and Piths and others corrob
orated the woman's story of the shoot
ing. The Jury's verdict was suicide.
Miss Hunt told her story in a tone
that contained more indignation than
Borrow. She said she had never given
Black the least encouragement, but
had always turned aside his advances.
Kear Powell street the attention of
Policeman Carr was attracted by the
wrangling. At sight ot the officer
Black drew his revolver. "Don't come
near me," he shouted, "or I will kill
myself." •
The tailor ran up Powell street and
Policeman Harry Hook, who was on a
passing car. leaped off and joined in
the chase. Hook drew his revolver and
fired a shot into the air. Almost at the
same Instant Black's pistol spoke and
th£ tailor dropped to the sidewalk. He
had carried out his frequent threat of
suicide.
Baldwin and Piths started down Sut
ter street with Miss Hunt. The tailor
followed endeavoring to get near the
young woman and begging her to meet
him that night.
POLICEMAN" ARRIVES.
On the Tuesday morning of the sui
cide Miss Hunt boarded the dummy of
a Sutter street car. As she neared
Taylor street she saw the white pas
sionate face of Black peering intently
at her through the car window.
She dismounted and Black followed
her. "Come with me," he pleaded. "If
you do not I will kill you and then
myself. Promise to meet me to-night."
Badly frightened. Miss Hunt gave
the promise and asked him to give her
the revolver. She threw the weapon
irlto the street and shouted to two
passersby. Monta Piths and A. M.
Baldwin, to secure' the weapon. Before
They could do so Black seized it and
placed it in" his pocket.
c On the evening before the tragedy
he lurked in the doorway of Miss
Hunt's home and as she entered clutch
ed her roughly by the arm. "Come with
me." he panted, "or I will kill myself."
c The young woman broke away and
called a policeman, at sight of whom
Black fled.
When she took trips to this city the
ir.fatuated tailar followed her with the
eternal entreaty, "Come away with me,
anywhere:" In March of the present
year the young woman left Black's
employ and moved to this side of the
bay. The ardent tailor continued to
haunt her.
FOLLOWED LIRE A SLEUT1L
At the Coroner's inquest on the death
cf James Black, who shot himself last
Tuesday because of a mad infatuation
for Ethel Hur.t, the woman in the case
told a clear cut story of persecution.
For two years the tailor had dogged
her footsteps, breathing into her ear
jiassionnte entreaties to flee with him.
Wherever she went he followed, hang
ir.g about her as persistently as the
Old Man of the Sea clung to Sindbad.
He haunted her with his longing eyes.
Miss Hunt testified that she met
Black two years ago in Oakland when
f?he entered his employ as a seamstress.
Her employer soon made advances to
her. which she tried to turn aside,
knowing that he was married. But he
would not be rebuffed.
He would follow her to restaurants
end sit beside her while she ate. \
Suits for divorce were-filed yesterday
by Itosle May Pender against Frank
P. Pender, for desertion and neglect;
Mary Elizabeth Coffey against John
J. Coffey, desertion and neglect; Mabel
Eddy against Earle D. Eddy, desertion
and . neglect; George H. Hanson
against Genevieve Hanson, habitual
intemperance-
Divorces were granted as follows:
By Judge Graham— To Clifford E. Lln
ton from Addle Linton; Josephine M. :
Roten from Charles M. Ro ten, neglect
($15 a month alimony, allowed). By
Judge Kerrigan — To Louisa' M. O'Brien
from Edward O'Brien,' neglect; 'Daniel
Ward from Minnie "Ward, desertion.- By
Judge Seawell— To Mary L. McBurnie
from t Robert McBurnie, desertion;
Clara M. Rothschild from Charles E.
Rothschild, desertion and neglect.. By
Judge * Sloss— To .George . E. ,Malnhart
from Josephine j Mainhart, desertion. '
OTHER FAMILY TROUBLES.
Judge . Graham yesterday granted a
divorce to Adeline Payne from Herman
T. Payno, mate ot the steamer Cres
cent City. The mother was given the
custody cf the three-month-old child,
$1000 in lump alimony and an allowance
cf $.",0 a month for the support of the
child until it reaches the age of 10
years. In her complaint Airs. Payne
alleged that prior to the birth of the
babe the husband left her at horn*
alone, and that after the little one
came into the world he continued to
spend his time with other persons and
made her dependent upon her rela
tives for support.
An order dated June 24 from Superior
Judge Hebbard, who is on a vacation,
was filed yesterday, granting Mrs.
Edith Madden actual custody ef her
child on Monday and Friday of each
week between the hours of 10 a. m. and
6 p. m. The order is to apply perld
ing the hearing of Captain John P.
Maddcn's suit for divorce. The child
is now at . the home of his grand
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Madden,
and the mother is to be permitted to
visit him .there In the hours named
without hindrance or interference from
any person, and she may take the boy
away from the home wherever she
pleases in this and adjoining counties,
but must not take him out of the juris
diction of the court.
ALIMOXY IX LUMP.
John Anderson's wife, Johanna,
caused his arrest on June 22 on a charge
of insanity, and he was confined for
two days in a cell "at the Central
Emergency Hospital. An examination
proved him to be sane, and yesterday
he sued her for divorce. If the numer
ous allegations of cruelty made by him
against his wife are true it might be
imagined that he is fortunate in not
having gone insane. He declares that
Johanna often remained away from
home until unreasonable hours; that
she void him the family would Be bet
ter off if he would take poison and die;
that the reason she did not thrash him
was because she "did not want to dirty
her hands"; that she shook and shoved
him around the house and that she
accused him o? trying to poison their
eldest child. Agnes, thereby "prejudic
ing the child against him." He charges
further that she has been guilty of in
fidelity with one Gustave Adolphson.
Anderson says that his wife has be
tween $2500 and $3000, which he has
giv^n her at various times, and that
this, with the household furniture at
1304 Powell street, is community prop
erty.
The night elevator boy, Sears, tes
tified that Hislop had not remained at
the house all night.
HE IS" NOT IXSAXE.
Mrs. Hislop is said to have opposed
the arrangement and to have said that
she could "get along without him."
Peter P. Lemperle, stepfather of Jaiser,
the detective who shadowed Hislop.
was called to declare against the
young man's reputation for truth and
honor.
The affidavit of Violette Griswold,
named as co-respondent in Mrs. His
lop's complaint, was read in court. The
young woman is now at Victoria, B. C.
She says that she is 22 years old and
has been divorced from a man named
W. D. Hastee at Seattle. She says
that in three years she has met His
lop in the Xorth about ten times, but
there has been nothing Improper be
tween them. She declares that she
came to San Francisco with William
Griswold and that Hislop took them
to the Raleigh. Hislop used to spend
some of his time there, but it was Gris
wold who shared the room.
On the side of the defense were Wit
nesses Morris J. O'Callaghan, a police
man, and L. A. Sayes, a commercial
traveler, who told of futile efforts they
had made, as friends of^the family, to
effect a reconciliation between the
couple.
MRS. U1SLOP SAID NO.
The Hislop divorce case again occu
pied the greater portion of Superior
Judge Sloss' time yesterday and Louisa
K. -Hislop's side of the controversy
was finished with the testimony of
Elizabeth V. Keeker. Mrs. Becker Is
proprietor of the Raleigh Hotel at 319
Sutter street, wherein, on September
17, 1902, George W. Hislop is said to
have given his wife cause for a legal
separation. The witness testified, in
the morning, that on the date,.men
tioned Hislop appealed at the house
with a woman and engaged a suite for
one week. He registered as Mr. Gris
wold and introduced the woman as his
wife, according to the testimony. Mrs.
Becker said that some months later
liislop acain came to the house and
she. Mrs. Becker, asked him "how his
wife v.ns" and he threw up his hand
and said, "Oh, she was not my wife; my
name is Hislop." At the afternoon ses
sion Mrs. Becker produced the house
register showing the entry of Gri3wold
and wife. \
When the ordinance came up before
the Board of Supervisors it was re
ferred to the Joint Committee on Ju
diciary and Police for a report.
Under Long's ruling the only way to
bring about the relief proposed by the
ordinance is to submit a charter
amendment to the people. Hocks de
clares that this course will be taken
by the Liquor Dealers' Association, at
whose request he introduced the ordi
nance and the amendment will be sub
mitted at the enection next November.
If such limitation as is intended to be im
posed upon the Police Commissioners by bill
No. 1 410 were adopted, the power now possessed
by the Commissioners and conferred upon
them by express charter provision would be
so limited as to deny them the power to grant
permits to any lwrson whose application
therefor, when added to the number already
enjoying permits, might be found to be in ex
cess ol the number possessing nuch privilege on
January 1, I!*i4. l.'nd^r the charter provisions
as now in f<->rce no such limitation can be pro
vided by ordinance.
Long further says that the section
of the ordinance limiting the number
of saloons to the number in jtpsra
tion on January 1,1904, is also illegal, as
the power conferred by the charter on
the Police Commission to grant liquor
permits to "any person" is without
limitation. On this point the opinion
says:
WOULD LIMIT POWER.
The contemplated provision would be void
upon the further ground that it assumes to
deprive th« Police Commissioners of a power
conferred ui>on them without limitation. This
m-y not iw* done legally. No ordinance can be
legally adopts, the terms of which are In con
flict with the constitution or the laws of th»
State. No pow<r is conferred upon the Board
of Supervisors to grant permits to carry on
the liquor business. On the contrary such
power is conferred upon the Board of Police
Cmpatlrstoaen, and -without change In the pro
visions of the charter authorizing the Super
visors so to do no valid ordinance can bi
pdsse-l under the terms of which such permits
may be granted..
The charter assumes to reRUlate this matter
in s^ttion 1 of chapter a of article VIII by
conferrinB the power upon th? Board of Police
Commissioners to srant such permits, and ex
pressly declares "without such permit none
of such persons shall engage in the selling of
liquor." A pcrmtt granted by the Board of
Supervisors would not confer the privilege
upon the appellant to carry on the liquor
buslne.s. Such a .privilege can be secured
or.ly through a permit granted by the Ucmrd
of Police ComnjitriontTE.' since the chartt-r ex
prvssly provides that without such permit no
person desiring to engage in such business
shall engage therein.
PKOVIS1OX IS VOID.
It is couunjplated by tectlon 3 of bill No.
1410 that en appeal may bs taken from the
action of the Board of Police Commissioners In
rejecting an application lor a permit to the
Hoard of tiupervisors, upon which appeal the
Board of Supervisors may pase, and if In the
judgment of the Bc:rd of Supervisors the per
mit should be granted, they may authorize the
Tax Collector to Issue a license therefor.
City Attorney Long yesterday sent
an opinion to the Board of Super
visors in which he holds that the pro
postd ordinance introduced by Super
visor Hocks to allow of an appeal being
taken to the Board of Supervisors in
cases where the Police Commissioners
refuse to grant permits to sell liquor
is in conflict with section 1 of chapter
3 of article VIII of the. charter and is
therefore void and illegal. The opinion
says:
The California delegation to the
Democratic National Convention will
leave this city for St. Louis at 10:30
a. m. to-day. In the worK of prepar
ing his great speech Mr. Delmas is
making fair progress from day to day.
After the shouting and tumult incident
to- the departure of the delegation from
San Francisco shall have subsided. Mr.
Delmas will seek the seclusion of hi3
drawing-room aboard the special train
and devote his entire attention to the
speech-
Twenty-eighth District, 10; Twenty
ninth, 10; Thirtieth. 12; Thirty-first, 10;
Thirty-second, 10; Thirty-third. 6;
Thirty-fourth, 12; Thirty-fifth. 15;
Thirty-sixth. 14; Thirty-seventh, IS;
Thirty-eighth, 2Q; Thirty-ninth, 10;
Fortieth, 14; Forty-first, 14; Forty
second, 18; Forty-third. IS; Forty
fourth, 18, and Forty-fifth, 12.
It is urovided that the delegates
shall be chosen at the primary elec
tion on Tuesday, August 9, at the same
time that the delegates to the State
convention, called to meet at Santa
Cruz, are elected. Separate delegations
must be chosen, as no delegate can
serve In both conventions.
The local convention will nominat*
four candidates for Judges of the Su
perior Court, eighteen Assemblymen
and a State Senator for each of th<*
odd numbered Senatorial districts and
a State Senator for the Twenty-fourth
Senate-rial District to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of George H. "Wil
liams. Thomas H. Lindsay stands
ready to receive the Republican nom
ination in the last named district and
his supporters are active.
The Fourth Congressional District
Republican Committee will meet to
night at 16 Geary street. It is under
stood that the delegates to the State
convention from the several Assembly
districts' of the Fourth Congressional
District will come together at Santa
Cruz or in this city and nominate a
candidate for Congress. The same rule
will probably be applied in tha Fifth
District.
The Republican local convention to
nominate candidates for Judicial and
legislative positions will assemble at
8 p. m. on Monday, September 26. The
county committee, Thomas D. Riordan,
chairman, and Thomas Atkinson, sec
retary, met last night at 16 Geary
street and adopted a call for the con
vention. The meeting was well at
tended. The call, which was presented
by Colonel Charles Sc-nntag, provides
that the convention shall consist of 212
delegates, apportioned as follows to the
several districts:
The proposed clause limiting the
number of stories of wooden buildings
to three was eliminated from the pro
visions of the ordinance, the height
limit being deemed a sufficient reduc
tion.
J. Humphrey and L. Leffler opposed
the amendment, saving that It would
be Impossible to build flats with the
restricted height limit.
The board also passed to print an
other amendment to the building or-
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print the amended ordinance
limiting the height of all wooden build
ings to forty-five feet. The limit under
the old ordinance has been fifty feet,
but the, reduction is in the line of bet
ter fire protection and is favored by
the Fire Wardens and insurance men.
The latter appeared before the Joint
Finance, Fire and Building Committee
previous to the meeting of the board
and urged the adoption of the lower
limitation.
Supervisors Cannot Be- Made
Court of Appeal When Li
quor Permits Are Refused
Denies* Wife's Charge That
She Tried to Supplant Her
ill Husband's Affections
Tailor's Passionate Eyes.
She Declares, Haunted
Her Wherever She Went
Petitioners Resent Non-En
forcement of Ordinance
on Sidewalk Elevators
Candidates for Legislative
and Judicial Positions
Will Then Be Selected
WANT LAW RESPECTED
NUMBER OF DELEGATES
TELLS OF PERSECUTION
VIOLATES THE CHARTER
HER AFFIDAVIT IS READ
At Inquest Held on Death
of Black, Miss Hunt Avers
He Appeared Infatuated
Amended Ordinance In
creases Existing Kestric
< tion on Wooden Structures
City Attorney Holds Ordi
nance Curtailing Police
Board's Power Is Void
Violett e; Gris wold Says His
lop's Act of Accommoda
tion Was Misunderstood
County Committee Petitions
for a Local Nominating
Convention September 26
LIMITS HEIGHT
OF BUILDINGS
SIGNS REGISTER
FOR A FRIEND
REPUBLICANS
TO THE FRONT
SAYS MAD LOVE
LED TO GRAVE
SAYS MEASURE
IS NOT LEGAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, /TUESDAY-,. JUNE 28, 1904
ALCAZAR
FAVORITE
RETURNS
If the rate of $1.2053 were put into ef
fect it would result in the collection of
more than $400,000 for which no appor
tionment could be made, and as a con
sequence the surplus would lie idle in
the city treasury until July 1, 1S05.
Rather than collect this surplus, which
could not be used, the board decided to
adopt a lower rate, which will result in
a revenue of $7,392,386 to meet the bud
get expenditures. The segregated items
and funds follow:
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print an ordinance fixing the
city's tax rate for the next fiscal year
at $1 12 'on every $100 of assessed valu
ation. This is a reduction of S.53 cents
on the rate of $1.2053 as originally con
templated in the municipal budget just
adopted owing to the fact that t*he lat
ter rate was based on an estimated as
sessed vaulation of $465,000,000, when in
point of fact. Assessor Dodge will re
turn an assessed valuation of more
than $500,000,000.
San Francisco Company Has
Agreed to'Gtive Additional
Illumination for $320,000
GETS LIGHT CONTRACT
Levy Is: Reduced From Orig
inal Figure Owing to Big
Increase in Assessment
BOARD ADOPTS
CITY TAX RATE
16
FUNDS AND ACCOUNTS. I Estimated
I Expenditures.
| Estimated Estimated I
I Receipts other Revenue from.f
Than taxes. Taxes. |
! Tax rate.
Genera! fund ? $4,95K,O5O
Fireman's relief fund 20,000
School fund .' l,3til,0UO
Library fund « 75.000
$750,000 $4,2OS.O5O
20,000
1.041,000 320,000
. 75.000
$ .8416
.0040
.0*540
.0150
18,414.060
Park fund 1550.000
Interest and redemption fund. I U2S,3r»8
11,791.000 $4.62n,050 |
350,000 j
628.306 j
l
i $ .9246
1 .0700
j .1254
Totals • I $7.3»2.aS8
I $1.791.000 [ $5.601.386 j
I $1.12
FUNDS AND ACCOUNTS. I Estimated
I Expenditures.
| Estimated Estimated I
I Receipts other Revenue from.f
Than taxes. Taxes. |
! Tax rate.
Genera! fund ? $4,95K,O5O
Fireman's relief fund 20,000
School fund .' l,3til,0UO
Library fund « 75.000
$750,000 $4,2OS.O5O
20,000
1.041,000 320,000
. 75.000
$ .8416
.0040
.0*540
.0150
18,414.060
Park fund 1550.000
Interest and redemption fund. I U2S,3r»8
11,791.000 $4.62n,050 |
350,000 j
628.306 j
l
i $ .9246
1 .0700
j .1254
Totals • I $7.3»2.aS8
I $1.791.000 [ $5.601.386 j
I $1.12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TORTURING
DISFIGURING
Skin, Scalp and Blood
Humours
from Pimples lo Scrofula, from
Infancy to Age
Speedily Cored by Cutlcora v&:i
All Else Fails.
The agonizing itching and bnrninj?
of the skin, as in eczema; the fright-
ful scaling, as in psoriasis ; the loss of
hair and crusting of the scalp, as in
scalled head ; the facial disfigurements,
as in acne and ringworm; the awful
suffering of infant* and anxiety of
worn-oat parents, as in milk crust, tet-
ter and salt-rheum — all demand a rem-
edy of almost superhuman virtnes to
successfully ccpe with them. Thai
Cutlcura Soap, Ointment and Resolv-
ent are such stands proven beyond all
doubt. No statement is made regard-
ing them that Is not justified by the
strongest evidence. The purity and
sweetness, the power to afford immedi-
ate relief, the certainty of speedy and
permanent cure, the absolute safety
and great economy, have made them
the standard skin cures, blood purifiers
and humoar remedies of the civilized
world.
Bathe the affected parts with hot
water and Cuticara Soap, to cleanse
the surface of crusts and scales and
soften the thickened cuticle. Dry,
without hard rubbing, and apply Cuti-
cura Ointment freely, to allay itching,
irritation aad inflammation, and soot ho
and heal, and, lastly, take Cuticara Re-
solvent, to cool and cleanse the blood.
This complete local and constitutional
treatment affords instant relief, per-
mits rest and sleep In the severest
forms of eczema and other Itching,
burning and scaly humours of the skin,
scalp and blood, and points to a speedy,
permanent and economical cure when
all else falls.
fold Jiro»rhoal to »«rU. Cittom !U»lr.»t *»-
- Cm form nf Ctxxtlair CmM Fill*, tte P*T *:¦}«' *V
Oi.im.n-, jOe.. So.p. So. l>poiM Umdcm.JT Cbtftw*
+*%— *n i e*m, * »¦• d. I. ru»! Bo.t<™. L^C»lu»b««
At*, rotter Drmm * Cfcm. Corp.. bow f ropnejof*.
tV 8«nd tcm - He* to Can S-mj Hum jar. , %
CHOICE lots for sals in tit* Mc-
Gee Tract, Berkeley, near Kay
Bout*, and S. P. trains. Also
treasury • stock In first-class fac-
tory enterprise, managed by reli-
l!»Me. cartful business men.
T *>ACXPIC COAST TUU3T CO.,
Investment Bankers, 708 Market
St., Booms 604-5.
HEGAL SHOES.
OTTCCtT'T 1 /TVCWDT-VC*-
K U ooJC/ x UAr UKUb.
• Right now, when there is an ab-
/$K solute dearth of Russet
¦jjpj|^ shoes among other manu-
Jp l^^^^^fiacturers, we are sup-
• • ffl^^^^E^^^^V P J y in S ever y one of our
'fS^^— —^IBwflBBra 77 Regal stores with un -
line of stylish, seasonable
Russets ever offered —
a line that is complete
not on *y * n numDer °f
is new styles ||§§jt^-jl|l|||k shoe store other
• in Russet Ox- >;^^^a. than a Regal and
'stylet boto {t W ° nt tal 5 e y ° U
leathers. All n^ t0 SC0Ver
sizes and widths tHat W C have DOSi-
complete line of
Russet Oxfords in the country. Price $3.50 as always.
There are 72 Regal Stores. 25 of them in Greater New York, where the styles
originate. The new styles are oa sale at our San Francisco Store at the same
time as in the New York Stores. ,• £**<
Women's Regal Shoes embody all the latest custom designs, of
leading bootmakers of New York, London and Paris, go new'
SAN FRANCISCO MEN'S STORE ...Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts.
WOMEN'S STORE Cor. Geary ft Stockton Sts,