VOLUME XCVI— XO. 20.
Cisco ?cr tiirty fcc«r» ddi^y
~lf»-' *Jc=e 23:
- Eaa**^=."c;ss»- aid vldaty-^
ClcTidy •WedaesSzTTtrr»2 scuti
crlj wial- A. G. M:ADIZ,
33i*trirt Pcr«c»«ter.
. ST* PETERSBURG, June 28* — According to a Russian naval officer a portion of the second Pacific squadron left Kronstadt to-day, but I cannot to
night certify to this important bit of news. It is noteworthy that Vice Admiral AveJIan, Minister of the Navy Yard, inspected the warships, while Admiral En
guist, second in command of the new squadron, was received by the Emperor and Empress a few days ago, this giving the impression of making a parting visits
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the Xew York Herald Publishing Company.
RUSSIAN NAVAL OFFICER SAYS SHIPS OF THE BALTIC FLEET
ARE ALREADY ON THEIR WAY TO WATERS OF THE FAR EAST
War Xcws Canxlnottl on Pafe * .
Sk . . - - - - -.»- - ,||,,.|-| ¦ ft, ,- -i nniJMTinrTi^rMte«iMMtlMifc JM^Hr.^>m<.
Continued on Pace 5, Column' 1 2.
Miner Killed by a Blast.
BAKERSFIELD, June 28.— W. Brad
ley,-a miner employed at the Dead Tree
mine, on Plute Mountain, was killed by
the explosion of a blast yesterday.
Bradley had set the blast and went to
dinner. It failed to go off, and suppos
ing, it had missed fire he went in to in
vestigate- .While he was there it ex
ploded. blowing the whole side of his
face ol
Many- • free trade Unionists are sup
porting the Liberals, and this support
will continue- The Duke of Devonshire
Is expected to join Lord Rosebery, the
Liberal leader, in a few days.
The -army question, it is believed,
will be the rock oa which the Govern
ment ship will founder. It is be
lieved that this question will divide the
Cabinet and cause its dissolution when
it comes up for voting in September.
Then, too, it Is thought the army dis
cussion will rally many to the Liberal
colors and bring the Liberals a record
majority.
LONDON, June 28.— In British politi
cal circles It is generally agreed that
the final days of the present Cabinet
are fast* approaching. Premier Bal
four. it Is said, will be unable to hold
bis party together through the autumn.
This was made manifest yeste/da;
when, despite the frantic appeals of
Balfour and his party whips, the Gov
ernment secured a majority of only
thirty-eight on the licensing bill, which
is less than one-third of its normal
majority.
Special Disjatch t9 Tfc« C*H.
There was a tremendous crush. The
singing and . playing . of the university
students attracted the people from
every part of the bfg building. The an
nouncement of the affair In the local
papers and the cards sent- out had
drawn the attention of hundreds. The
surging throng tilled all the aisles and
open exhibit room of the^ California
space and extended out into other parts
of the blinding. . .X.
Th*» reception committee, appointed
by Colvin B. ¦ Brown of , San Joaquin,
president of the County Commission
ers' organization, consisted of Charles
TREMENDOUS" CRUSH.
A reception was held at the Califor
nia building after the counties affair.
Commissioners "Wiggins and. Filcher
dispensing hospitality and the glee
club singing.
Governor Pardee delivered an address
full of pride for the State of which he
Is chief executive and told the throng
of that State's present greatness. and
wonderful future possibilities. He was
often cheered. President Fraacis spoke
In praise of the California exhibit and
said it had excited his prof oundest ad
miration. . Director Skiff spoke of the
excellence of design of the various ex
hibits and Chief Taylor expressed his
satisfaction at the pleasant relations
that had always existed between him
and the Californians, who. he said,
had •worked faithfully and hard and
with an Intelligence that had resulted
In a display that was a credit to the
whole fair.
Several barrels of feed claret punch
stood at convenient places and white
coated colored gentlemen ladled it out
liberally to the thirsty multitude- Each
county gave, away some small -articles
of refreshment, and nuts, , raisins,
prunes, oranges, apples and other
orchard products were enjoyed.
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
Final Days of His
Ministry Are Ap
proaching.
BALFOUR'S
HOLD FAST
BREAKING
,The fightins was resumed at 2 a. m.
on June Zl. The Russians silenced th«
two Japanese batteries, but the Jap
anese braugiit .up a train of bfg guns
and silenced the lighter Russiaa artil
lery, which was again running out of
ammunition, and the Russians one©
more were forced "to retire. The Japan
ese cavalry and infantry, threatening
to surround the Russian position, forced
a general retreat.
The Russians carried eff all their
guns and got revenue on the Japanese
cavalry column, which was caught ia
close, formation and was shelled wita
terrific effect, being forced to scatter.
SOLDIERS TOIL- ALL NIGHT.
The Japanese worked furiously all
nlsht long an* emplaced two batteries
on the vacated Russiaa position.
The fight started at dawn, t<m mile*
southeast of Dalia HilL A Russiaa
rifle brigade held the. position ustil
noon la the face ef a heavy artillery
fire, but the Russians were finally out
flanked by. Infantry and cavalry. th<i
Japanese actually getting a field bat
tery In the rear cf the Russiaa posi
tion. Then the brigade fell baci. Ths
Dalia H1H fight continued from 4
o'clock until dark-0
The total losses in the Dalia EiU
fight are not jet known. Eighty
wounded have arrived here aad ca
Sunday last a hospital train with 5J0
passed, goinj; to Liao^ang.
The fighting lasted the vs-hol«°ef June
tS and June. 2T and the Japanese suc
cessively hurled the. Russians from
three positions, occupying them with,
artillery as the defenders retired.
JAPAN'S SUPERB ASTTT.T.FRY.
"Wounded Russians, recounting tha
two days" fighting. »ay that £h* Jap
anese again demonstrated their i*li
ance ca their artillery and that they
were greatly superior, both ia the num
ber of men and la guns. .'.'
On the second day of the fight* they
brought up a heavy battery, which si
leaced the lighter Russian guas- a£d
caused severe losses. The Japanese ar
tillery practice, however, was.laaccts*
rate and as usual they several times
shelled empty positions or shot over
the Russian columnsL : •-
The Russian regiments are camped
on high ground- Signal fires from tha
hilltops are constantly Caring. ligatm£
up the bivouacs and the hcrse lines cf
the cavalry regiments. Long trains of
soldiers are constantly passing asd re
passing. The Russian troops are la ex
cellent condition. The Japanese ha-va
given the Russians time to strangthea
their base and Cank, while General
Kurokl i3 not as secure as formerly
from a flank attack. General Kurokl
cannot get around the Russian positlca
without forcing a fight. . -'..- :
TOKIO. June !S.— After a hst fight
which lasted fcr six hours yesterday
morning the Takushan division cf tha
Japanese army completely defeated five
battalions of Russian infantry which.
supported by two regiments of cavalry
and sixteen guns, occupied Fensaaall
ing; come twenty miles northwest cf
Siuyen. The Russians finally fell back
la the direction of Shimuchensr. The
Japanese casualties aggregated about
100 killed and wounded. Major Oba
was killed during the battle.
HAICHEXG, June 23.— The war pic*
ture b?*« quickly changed, thanks to
General Kuroki*3 movements. A heavy
engagement is expected to-mcrrow
near the village of Simcucheag. fifteen
miles south-southea3t cf Haicheng aad
an equal distance due east cf the rail
way. The Jacanese have now passed
Dalia Hill and are twenty miles scuta
cf the Russian posleloa.
SIGNAL. FIRES BURNING.
"From my intimate knowledge of the
dealings of this combine and what has
been going on here for the last quar
ter of a century, I make the positive
statement that there is hardly a cor
poration in the city of St- Louis of
$1C9,000 or- over 'that has not been held
up for bribe money by the House of
Delegates.
"I acted as the agent of the com
bine in a number of_ these deals. In
the Suburban deal I "went with Kratz
to Stock's house and was present
when the agreement was made regard-
Ing the bribe of v $£O,CO0 for Kratz.
which is now in a lock box in pse Mis
sissippi Valley Trust Company! I went
with Kratz and Carroll to the oface
of a prominent broker in the lighting
deal and there. $20.CW was paid by the
broker to give, the combine, and the
promise was made then that S27.30O
more would be paid.™
ST. LOUIS. June ».— It was an
nounced to-day that Charles A. Gutke.
former member of the House of Dele
gates, convicted on a charge of
bribery and scon to be tried on another
similar charge, had made r a complete
confession to Circuit Attorney Folk in
which he declared that former Dele
tate^Pranic T. Kelly had teld him he
had reveived $30,600 for going to Europa
when his presence in St. Louis Jeopar
dized men of prominence. Kelly also
is resting under one conviction and is
soon to be tried in another case. Circuit
Attorney Folk says that the revelatiocs
which have been made by Gutke open
cp many new avenues of Investigation
and brings facts to light which have
not been heard of before, involving
men higher up.
"When he came out cf the oSce of
the Circuit Attorney, Gutke said:
"The best reparation that I can make
for the wrongs I have done is to con
fess fully to everything in order that
the public may realize what has, been
going on. Yielding to the pleadings of
my wife. I have determined to do all I
can to atone for my sins against the
public. The people of St. Louis even
now do not realize how they have been
persistently plundered for years and
years by the men they elected to make
laws for the city.
3IAXY ARE OPENED.
"I became a member of the House
of Delegates in 1S5T, and at once be
came a member of the combine of
that body., which was an organization
composed of nineteen Delegates for
the purpose of selling legislation,"
Gutke continued.
"The first bUl that came up after I
had become a member of the combine
was the 'suburban loop bilL* The com
bine got $30,000 for its votes on this
bill, and on the Union avenue bill we
got $lS,eOQ. On the Central Traction
bill we got 573,0CO; oh the Third-street
line bill we got 575.000; on the lighting,
bill we got $47,000; on the Suburban bill
we were to icet $T5,C00. which Is now
in a deposit box in the Lincoln Trust
Company, being placed there with the
agreement that it should be turned
over to us when the bill had bees
passed.
"While these are some of th» largest
bribes secured during my term of of
fice, there were innumerable others,
ranging from $10,000 to a few hundred
dollars for some minor privileges. The
bribe prices were fixed In meetings of
the combine, the procedure being for
some member to get up and move that
a certain price be fixed on a certain
DHL Other members would give their
opinions, a vote would" be " takea and
the price securing the highest number
of votes would be adopted. Then we
would select an agent of the combine
by ballot to negotiate for and receive
the money. This agent would distrib
ute the monev among us. \
NO CORPORATION SPARED.
I OXE OF THE FEATURES OF CALIFORNIA'S EXHIBIT AT THE ST. LOUIS f
EXPOSITION, WHICH WAS DEDICATED TESTERDAT IX THE PRESENCE {
OF AN liTiTENSE -GATHERING OF SIGHTSEERS.
Formal Opening of Exhibits of State's
Counties Astonishes Throng.
BELJEVE THEY HAVE
CAPTURED SjrUGGLERS
Two Men. Supposed to Be Accom
plices of Pedro Alvarez, Are
Arrested-
LOS ANGELE5, June 28. — Deputy
United States Marshal Place has suc
ceeded in capturing the two men be
lieved to be accomplices of Pedro Al
varez, who is wanted by the Federal
authorities for the wholesale smug
gling of Chinese into this country, and
they are now behind bars in the
County Jail. The men are Juan Co
manche and Francisco Comanche. The
former was taken into custody at
Temacula, a small settlement in
Riverside County, and the other was
arrested at Pala. Both deny having
had any hand in the smuggling
scheme.
Since Alvarez escaped from Deputy
Marshal Traeger several days ago in
thla city the authorities have been
working overtime on the smuggling
case. /
"3Iark Twain" Starts for Home.
NAPLES. June 25. — Samuel L.
Clemens (Mark Twain) sailed for New
Tork to-day on the Hamburg-Amer
ican Line steamer Prinz Oskar, with
the casket containing the remains of
his wife, which will be interred at El
rnira, N. Y.
ST. LOUIS, Jtaise — The Califor
nia counties exhibiting at the Louis
iana Purchase Exposition gave a for
mal opening reception in their space
in the Palace of Agriculture this after
noon that drew a greater crowd than
the area could hold and set every one
talking about California. President
Francis of the exposition and others
shared with Governor Pardee In the
honors of speechxnaking. One of the
brass bands played and the University
of California Glee Club sang, respond
ing to repeated encores. Claret punc*h
was dispensed to the throng In un
limited quantities by California la
dies and rare wines were poured for
the special guests. President Francis
remarked to Governor Pardee that no
country in the world could produce
better wines.
The reception was held In the broad
aisle in front of the Los Angeles dis
play, a small stand having been erected
for the speakers. President Francis
preceded Governor Pardee and when
he said. "We knew when we learned
California, was to make a complete dis
play that an emphatic step toward a
good State representation had been
offered." the Californians cheered
loudly. . .t 1
President Francis gave unstinted
praise to the exhibit of the counties
and called attention to the fact that
many of the displays were alone as
elaborate as those of some States,
forming a remarkable aggregation.
that was a tribute to the greatness of
the State.
GOVERNOR PARDEE TALKS.
"Look pleasant. Governor," chanted
the glee club •when Goven-jr Pardee
faced a camera Just before he began
to speak. The gayety of the occasion
was added to by decorations of Amer
ican flags and shields and the bunt
ing on the booths.
and life saving equipment, should be
brought to the notice of the United
States prosecuting officials, and we
further recommend that said Henry
Londberg be held for criminal negli
gence by reason of his incompetency.
careless and indifferent Inspection of
ths General Slocum's hull and life
saving appliances oa the 5th day of
May, 1504.
•The jury is also of the opinion that
the system of inspection which prevails
in the harbor of New York Is very in
efficient and does not properly demon
strate whether the life-saving appa
ratus and fire appliances oa the vessels
in this harbor are in proper and suit
able condition to prevent the loss of
life and we recommend to the Secretary
of Commerce and Labor that he issue
such instructions to the supervising
and local force of inspectors as will
cause them to efficiently and honestly
examine the steamboats plying In and
about the harbor."
Formal testimonies was presented
that 90S bodies had been recovered, of
which all but forty met death by
drowning.
"That in the opinion of this Jury the |
misconduct of Hsnry Lcndberg. thej
Gcvercment Inspector, in failing to re- 1
port to his superiors the true facts con- j
ctrnlzg the- vessel** fire extinguishing I
YVSFECTOR IS SCOIIED
"Thftl Edward Flannagan. the mate,
cctf-J In a cowardly manner, and we
recommend that he be held criminally
responsible for failure to perform his
duty on the General Slocum on the
day of the disaster.
•"That the captain. William H. Van
Schaick, be held crimiiially responsible
far the accident. " •
"That Captain John A. Pease, the ac
knowledged commodore of the fieet, be
b*!d criminally responFible for his fail
cre to properly equip the General Slo
oa with fire-fighting and life-saving
appliances.
*¦
¦ After •pemtirg out the duty cf the
different c2.cer» asd persons named
end their failure to perform their duty
th« Jury finds:
•That the president, Frank A. Bar
caby; the secretary. James K. Atkin
son, anfi the board cf directors of the
Knickerbocker Steamship Company,
namely. Frank A_ Ba.ma.by. Charles E.
HilL James K. Atkinson, C. D. Evans.
Robert K. Story, Floyd S. Corbin and
Frank G. Dexter, were guilty of crim
inal negligence in the failure to see to
the proper equipment of the General
Slocum in the matter of the fire-fights
ing and live-saving apparatus on board
Eaid boat.
When the Assistant District Attor
tey ctlirected that warrants be issued
after the, verdict was given, counsel for
the steamboat company protested Uiat
m'cA procedure was unnecessary, as all
the n*n were ready to appear and give
¦ bail when called for.. The protest was
cf no avail.
' ThV -date. Edward Flannagan. who
vu under detention as a witness, was
. tfce first arraigned. Ee pleaded not
,r~fAt7 and his bail was fixed at J1000.
* jle vu committed to jaiL - Inspector
i-u^dberg* pleaded not guilty and was
released on $1000 bonds. 5c.il was
fcxed-at $5000 each for President Bax
pajjy end Secretary. Atkinson and
bonds Tjere given at once.
'Obtain Van Schaicit is a prisoner is
the Lebanon Hospital. Captain Pease
may cot* be arrested until to-morrow,
when it is expected the directors of the
'Ktezz&ZT also will be taken into cus
•t&dy. At the Assistant District Attor
• E?r/s request the Ccroner committed
Assistant Engineer Edwin Brardow
a£a I>eckhancs Ccakleyasd Handler
• k» witnesses, sending them to the house
*-c*c. detention.
TEXT OF THE VERDICT.
MAKE FUTILE PROTEST.
NEW YORK. Jur.e rS.— Tfc? inquiry
conducted by Coroner Berry and a
fury into the General Slocura disaster
T-as concluded to-day and after nearly
four tours* deliberation a verdict was
rendered in which the directors of the
Knickerbocker Steamboat Company,
Captain Van Schcick of the Slocuin.
Captjin Pease, the commodore of the
company** neet. and others were held
¦cnrr.snaliy responsible. "Warrants for
their arrest were issued. The mate of
the Slocun. according to the jury.
acted in a cowardly manner and the
misconduct of Steamboat Inspector
Lundberg. it was recommended, should
be brought to the attention of the Fed
eral authorities.
The charge in each case was man
slaughter in the first degree. Bail
•vas fixed by the Coroner varying from
J100C to *SC;?.
The directors of the company are
Frank A. Barr-aby. president; Charles
E. Kill, vice president; James Atkin
son, secretary, and C. Delaney Evans,
Bcbert A. Storey. C S. Corbin and
Frank Dexter.
There is no truth in the report that
Colonel Lamas, chief of staff of the
revolutionists, was killed.
The news shows that the aggregate }
of killed and wounded in the battle at !
Tupambac was about 2000.
General Benaventa has resigned his
command, having been criticized by
the President because he had not sup
ported Galarazas.
The £^htlTX5 began on "Wednesday of
last "week and continued the following
day. The Government forces had 600
killed and SOO grounded, while the
revolutionists suffered 100 killed and
«00 wounded. The revolutionists cap
tured a big quantity of war supplies.
Another dispatch from Bage says a !
portion of the revolutionary forces un- j
der Mariano Saravia, brother of the |
leader of the revolution, is pursuing |
the Government troops under General j
Benaventa.
BUENOS ATRES, Jane 2S. — The
Call's correspondent at Bcge, a Brazil
ian to"»n near the Uruguayan frontier,
reports that a courier sent by Saravia
has arrived there with a report of a
bs.tt!e at Tupambac, Uruguay.
Sr*ci*l C«.fc> ts Ita CaT. iz.i Ne 1 *- Tcri \
Hera'-i. Ccryrigt'. 1304. by zi.e Xe*r York
Herald Publish^* Ccsrjirr-
Heaiy Engagement Will Occur To-
Day to the Southeast of
Haicieng.
Defeated Army Is in Full Flight, With
the Triumphant Rebels in
Pursuit
Amount to Be Assessed for Franchises
Ried by Vote at Secret
¦ Sessions.
Captain of Excursion Vessel Declared
i ' to Be Subject to Criminal
Prosecution.
Finds Steamboat Company
rDirectors Responsible
. . lor Loss ol Lile.
Tribute Leyied Upon Every
Corporation in Missouri
Metropolis. •
Knroki and Oka Pressing
Forward to Force De
cisiva Combat
¦ ReTolutioDary Force Wins a
- DecisiTe Victory Orer
Federals.
Verdict of Coroner's
: Jury Results in
• ¦ Arrests.
Astounding Confes
sion by St Louis
Boodler.
More Than Two Thou
sand Rilled or
Wounded.
Defeat Russians in
a Battle Near
Siuven.
WARRANTS
FOR OWNERS
OF SLOCUM
BROWN MEN
HURL BACK
THEIR FOE
GANG SETS
PRICE UPON
EACH BILL
SANGUINARY
ENGAGEMENT
I N URUGUAY
GREATNESS OF CALIFORNIA
EXEMPLIFIED TO THOUSANDS
OF VISITORS AT EXPOSITION
Aftinr **Sc3dlera - at ?sr«2)."
Catral— "Power cf _ta« Cdes*:***
riscier 1 *— Tfc« alczrMas." »
Orpiieam — V»cieTiHt. " Xatiae*'
To-B&y. Nf<
Ttvoli — "Eobia Hood."
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallDr. M. E. Van Meter yesterday be
gan suit against the United Railroads
for $10,000 damages for personal In
juries and $2500 for loss of income to
his practice through being con
fined to his home for ten weeks. In
his complaint he says that he board
ed an Ellis-street car at the corner of
Taylor street and that because of the
crowd on the car he was compelled to
stand , on the footboard. While other
passengers were attempting to get on,
the car started,. it is said, and another
car approaching on the other track
struck the plaintiff and badly 'injured
his knee.
Doctor Demands Damages.
Japanese Lifeboats Washed Ashore.
VLADIVOSTOK, June 28.— Three
Japanese lifeboats have been thrown
up near the village of Kiongsien. One
of them, from its lettering, belonged
to the transport Kinshiu, sunk by the
Vladivostok cruisers on April 29. The
others apparently belonged to Japan
ese warships.
Russian Newspapers Says War is De
generating Into Senseless Brutality.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 28.— The
Novoe Vremya, to-day, calling atten
tion to the statement that Don Jaime
de Bourbon was an eye-witness to the
killing of Russian wound" at Vafan
gow, declares that something must be
done quickly to prevent the war degen
erating Into the senseless, brutality
which the Japanese practices indicate;
The paper urges the Russian newspa
per correspondents in the field to show
up the authors of this brutality and se
cure the evidence of eye-witnesses and
photographs, In order that The' Hague
Convention may be invoked.
NO QUARTER GIVEN.
NARVA, Russia, June 28. — Two Jap
anese, masquerading as itinerant organ
grinders and attired in Bulgarian cos
tume, were arrested here yesterday.
Their organ' was searched and was
found to contain maps of the Baltic
coast line and surveying Instruments.
The prisoners confessed. It is be
lieved that one of them Is a colonel on
the Japanese general staff and that the
other is his orderly. Both men were
sent to St. Petersburg.
JAPANESE SPIES CAPTURED.
NEWCHWANG, June 28.— Brigands
are again active in, this vicinity. They
attacked a village two miles south of
here last night and the natives and
foreign residents fear that, on account
of the Russian reverses, if the Japan
ese troops do not arrive within a few
days the brigands will become bolder
and enter this city. This they could do
easily, as it lies practically unprotect
ed The Russians have less than sev
enty-five men in the city proper, with a
few. Chinese police, who, It is believed,
are in'league with the outlaws.
Foreigners in Ncvi ehwang Imperiled
• by the Lawless Chunchus.
IN FEAR OF BRIGANDS.
MUKDEN, June 2S. — Messengers
who arrived here to-day announce that
a scouting column from Korea lost all
its horses. The soldiers had to return
on foot, taking turns in carrying the
sick and wounded. Their journey oc
cupied eleven days and they were con
stantly followed by Japanese, with
whom they had many skirmishes.
Viceroy Alexieff received the mes
sengers and presented them with
medals, after which they proceeded to
Liaoyang with information from Gen
eral Kuropatkin.
Five Chinese robbers were executed
here to-day.
There are constant skirmishes to the
southward and a big battle is expected.
Escape on Foot From Japanese Pur
suers After Hard Journey.
SCOUTS LOSE THEIR. HORSES.
The American stars and stripes and
the Japanese rising sun. were conspic
uously displayed on the grounds, and
there was no little talk and celebration
over the numerous victories of the little
brown men in the Far East. Some
drove up to the city in their' rigs. On
one side of the carriage was displayed
the American flag and on the other the
Mikado's.. •
SAN BERNARDINO, June 28.— About
eighty: Japanese, male and female,
gathered .at Urblta Springs to-day and
held an all day picnic. The little
brown people' came principally from
Riverside, where the're Is quite a col
ony.
Brown Men With Their Wives and
Sweethearts Make Merry Near
San Bernardino.
JAPANESE HOLD PICNIC
TO CELEBRATE VICTORY
PITTSBURG. June 28. — Resolution* de
nouncing most of the nffirials of Colorado were
adopted by the North American Turnerbund
to-day. The convention of 1900 will be held
In Newark. N. J.
John Shrogg. a cellar attendant at
607 Market street, was caught in tho
lift of a sidewalk elevator yesterday
morning and nearly killed. Shrogg
was standing on the lift when the
table suddenly shot upward, carrying
him with it against the cover. Thi-i
fortunately was not bolted. He re
ceived a severe blow on the side of tho
head, breaking the cheekbone on tho
left side of his face. The injured man
was treated at the Central Emergency
Hospital by Dr. Stevens. .
Caught in a Sidewalk Elevator.
The RIalto was stirred yesterday by
the news that James Durkln, formerly
leading man at the Alcazar, had aban
doned his wife and was about to leave
for the East with Miss Frances Starr.
About the time that rumor had him
taking the train for New York Durkin
was having an earnest consultation
with his wife. When interviewed later
he seemed perfectly free from care and
claimed that the affair had received too
much prominence. Durkin belittled the
stories told and said that much more
of falsehood than truth had been print
ed. When asked when he intended
leaving for the East he replied, "Fri
day." He further said that Mrs. Dur
kin would also leave for New York;
that she would go on Friday also, and
on the same train with him. He de
clared he had no knowledge of the
whereabouts of Miss Starr and did not
know whether she had left for the East
or not. He would not say whether he
and his wife had been reconciled, but
thought there might be a chance of Its
being brought about.
Mrs. Durkin refused to affirm or deny
her husband's statements.
In the meantime Durkin has been
using every effort to conceal his move
ments. He telephoned to the Alcazar
Theater to have his trunks given over
to the Union Transfer Company when
called for, but refused to say where the
expressman was to take them. Closest
inquiry has failed to discover where
Miss Starr is staying. -Two weeks ago
she changed her residence, but refused
absolutely to give her new address.
There was a rumor yesterday that she
had left in the morning for the East,
but this was denied on good authority
at the Alcazar.
Mutual friends have been endeavor
ing to effect a reconciliation between
Durkin and his wife and they claim to
have been to some extent successful.
The witness further said that
the . money was always loaned
on warehouse receipts and the
only member of the firm with
whom he ever did business was
Jacob Eppinger.' He had never actu
ally demanded any wheat from the
firm until after the failure and could
not. state positively whether all the
loans made the firm had been made
through him personally or merely on
his general instructions.
As was expected, a night session was
held, but it was productive of Ut.tle
aside from wordy arguments. Sheriff
Veale of Contra Costa County was
placed on the stand and questioned re
garding the alleged tender of $100 , to
James Demlng for a warehouse book
and an offer of a salary of $100 per
month untllthe conclusion of the trial.
The arguments of counsel on these
points were not concluded when court
adjourned until 9:30 o'clock this morn-
Ing.
"Did you rely upon the statements
made you by Mr. Eppinger?" he was
asked.
"I relied upon them absolutely."
"How much did you pay toward the
prosecution of Mr. Eppinger?"
"Five hundred dollars."
"How much did he ever owe your
house at one time?"
"To the best of my recollection it was
$50,000."
On cross-examination by Attorney
Ach, Mr. Hellman gave this testi
mony:
"Very well," said Mr. Ach, "but I
give notice at this time that if an ad
verse ruling is made I will take the
matter into the Federal courts, even
if it does tie up the case."
The day's proceedings were barren of
sensation," although much testimony
was given by local and outside bankers
regarding transactions with the de
funct grain firm.
The prosecution sought, through its
witnesses, to show that Jacob Epplnger
knew his firm was on the brink of ruin
long before the collapse in June, 1903,
and had borrowed money on receipts
for grain which was not in the ware
house. R. M. Welch of the San Fran
cisco Savings Union told of money
loaned Jacob Eppinger in April, 1901.
When asked to pay the note a short
time prior to the failure. Eppinger had
said that he would give wheat of equal
value to that called for in the receipts
and would pay the balance on June 1.
To the knowledge of Mr. Welch the
payment was not made and the firm
failed on June 6.
I. W. Hellman. president of the Ne
vada National Bank, gave some inter
esting testimony as to nis dealings
with Jacob Eppinger and the handling
of warehouse receipts. He told- of Ep
pinger's visit to him to negotiate a loan
and his faith in the business standing
of the firm.
BELIEVED EPPINGER.
Just as Judge Lawlor's court was
about to adjourn last night Attorney
Henry Ach, chief counsel for the de
fense, announced his intention of fur
ther delaying the trial of Jacob Eppin
ger If necessary in order to obtain cer
tain documents. Ach said he had been
Informed that the prosecution was in
possession of certain documents which
would be of use to the defense and
asked that the court make an order
compelling the District Attorney to
surrender them to him. Attorney
Campbell argued that the court had
no authority to make such an order
and Judge Lawlor said he would take
the matter under advisement.
¦
ACH GIVES NOTICE.
FAVORABLE CONDITIONS
• FOK CALIFORNIA CROPS
WASHINGTON. June 28. — The
Weajher Bureau's weekly summary of
« rop conditions says: On the Pacific
°Coast the weather conditions have
been favorable in California, but Ore
gon and Washington have suffered
= f rom drouth and low temperatures.
In California harvesting conditions are
unchanged.
On the North Pacific Coast the pros
pecy; for spring wheat have been ma
terially lessened by dry, cool weather
and e recent frosts.
KNOX° AND CORTELYOU
SAY THEIU FAREWELLS
WASHINGTON, June 2S. — Attorney
General Knox and Secretary of Com
merce and Labor Cortelyou took leave
r>f their Cabinet associates at to-day's
meeting. Their successors, Secretary
Moody •and Victor H. Metcalf, are ex
pected to take the oaths of their new
offices on Friday, the beginning of the
new? fiscal year. Paul Morton, Secre
tly Moody's successor in the Navy
Detriment, probably will not as-
Fume the dutk-s of his office until next
Monday.,
Tim-TTAXS DRIVEN' FROM
STIMJXGHOLDS IX VALLEY
LONDON.' June 29.— The Times' cor
respondent at Gyanprtse, Tibet, under
date of June 2S, says:
•"General MacDonald commenced
clearing operations this morning by a
¦wide movement down the valley to the
westward, his objective point being the
Tsrcnen monastery, a stronghold along
the o Shigatse road. By the end of the
day the Tibetans had been cleared
from every position In the valley In the
face of a rifle fire and heavy volleys of
stonc-s." <
ST. PETERSBURG, June 29.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin has decided to with
draw northward. This move gives the
Russians the advantage of being near
er their base of supplies and places
the Japanese at the disadvantage of
having longer lines erf communication.
Kuropatkin no longer prevents a junc
tion of the enemy's forces by remain
ing at Tatchekiao. since he might
thereby imperil the safety of his own
troops, as the d2sperate character of
the fighting at Ta pass and Fenshui
pass on June 27 shows that the Japan
ese have a very strong force uncom
ftrrtably near the Russian flank.
No further advices from the front
had been received up to midnight,
though news* from General Kuropatkin
and Rear Admiral Withoeft was eager
ly awaited.
Though it appears now from General
Kuropatkin's tactics that a heavy en
gagement may be deferred for some
days, it is possible that the Japanese
may rush matters, but it is not gener
ally expected here that General Kuro
patkin will give battle until he reaches
a position of his own selection.'
POSITION OF THE ARMIES.
It may clarify the military situation
to explain that the country in which
the armies are now coming into con
tact consists erf a series of mountain
chains running parallel with the rail
way, alongside of which the Russians
are falling back as the Japanese ad
vance. Fenshui, Motien and Dalin are
all passes which take their names from
the mountains through which they run.
General Kuroki, who has heretofore
been east of these mountains, is ad
vancing to the westward from Siuyen
through a very rough country and his
cc-lumns must traverse the passes
named before emerging into the more
open country along the railway, ap
proximately abreast of Tatchekiao,
Haicheng and Liaoyang. The Russian
outposts and the Japanese advance
are now in close touch at all
these passes. The Russians, after har
rasslng the Japanese advance from
each of these positions, are falling back
on General Kuropatkin's main body,
which is supposed to be somewhere be
tween Liaoyang and Tatchekiao.
General Kuropatkin is now moving
slowly northward along the railway,
and wherever he makes his stand
there will be precipitated what is ex
pected to be the decisive battle of the
campaign.
In the meantime General Oku is ad
vancing along the railroad on the heels
of the .withdrawing Russians. He is
backed by a powerful army. How large
a portion of this army he has detached
to join General Kuroki has not been
developed, but it is probably large
enough to add material severity to the
fighting before the Russians finally
abandon the mountains.
CAXNOT CHECK THE FOE.
The Emperor has received the fol
lowing dispatch from General Kuro
patkin. dated Liaovang. June 27:
"The Japanese attacked our forces
occupying Mc-tien, Fenshui and Ta
passes on June 26. Our infantry and
cavalry retreated, persuaded that the
advancing divisions of the Japanese
army, which were operating against
each of the three passes, were stronger
than our detachments. In an attack
on Ta pass the Japanese guards, be
sides other regiments, participated. The
Japanese made a frontal and flank at
tack in considerable force on both
sides of this pc-sition. The Japanese
troops occupied Fenshui and Motien
passes during the morning of June 27
"Our forces which retreated from the
Fenshui passes were attacked by small
detachments of Japanese. These were,
however, easily repulsed.
"After pushing back our advance
guard during the evening of June 26
from Vandiapudze (on the Siuyenhal
cheng road) to Ta pass, the Japanese
continued their advance this morning
against our position in a defile. For
some time the attack of the Japanese
infantry brigade was repelled. . Three
battalions were engaged In the frontal
attack, but being menaced by other
troops engaged In a flanking move
ment, our forces retreated.
"Reconnoltering parties report that a
Sheet ami Metal Workers' Union No. 104—
President and business agent. Jamea A. Doy!*:
vice president, Charles J. Morrison; recording
secretary, J. B. Outland; corresponding sec
retary. Harry Costen; financial secretary. H.
A. Wessing: treasurer. Charles Grahm: war
den J. J. Kelly: conductor. A. I*. Ebinser;
trustee William !?tark; delegates to But Id Ins
Trades' Council. W. A. Reeves. James J. Den
by H. Boardman. Charles J. Morrison and J.
O. Barton; delegates to district council, J. A.
Doyle and Harry Costen.
Sign and Carriage Painters' Union. Oakland
president. H. C Whitney; vice president. F.
Bloom- recording secretary. J. Blae*«; financial
secretary, C. Philbrick: treasurer, A. E. Prein
ville; warden, M. B. McKinley: conductor. S.
MujrsridKe: inspector. A. Farnher; trustee. B.
F. Jennings.
Helpers' Division No. 65 of the B. B. U
of A. — President, John R. Matheson: vice pres
ident, M. E. Tierney; treasurer. Peter Bel
mure: recording secretary. J. C. Traester;
financial secretary. T. J. Emery: corresponding
secretary J. B. Tormey; business as«nt. T.
J. Emery: trustees. J. M. Wilson, Albert Car
son and Thcmas Blumenrother; inspector. J.
Daly; inside guard. John Ahem; delegates t>
Iron Trades Council. John R. Matheson, T. J.
Emery and Thomas Regan: delegates to Labor
Council. T. J. Emery. John R. Matheson and
Thomas "Reran.
The following labor unions have
elected their officers for the ensuing
term:
Furniture Handlers' Union No. 1 — President.
(Carles Klotz: vice president. W. E. Clark;
secretary. George Seller; treasurer. S. D. Pres
ton: financial secretary. A. S. Alexander:
warden, George Maillott: conductor. Thoma*
Jones; trustee for eighteen months. J. A. Wil
liams; delegates to Duilding Trades Council.
Charles Klctz, S. D. Preston and A. S. Alex
ander.
Preparations are being made by the
unions to receive the delegates to the
convention of the American Federation
of Labor.
The Southern Pacific has Issued an
order to the men in the carshopa mak
ing nine hours instead of ten a day's
labor.
Several Labor Unions Fill Their Roll
of Officers for the Ensu
ing Term.
Attorney Ach Threatens to
Bring the Eppinger Trial
Into the Federal Courts
Rumor That He Left Yester
day With 3Iiss Starr for
the East Proves False
NEW ORDER IS ISSUED
BY SOUTHERN PACIFIC
SAYS HE WILL
TIE UP CASE
DURKIN STILL
IN THE CITY
Upon the opening of the Pacific
cable at San Francisco Middleton was
sent to institute the cable department
of the Associated Press in that city.
With the imminence of the Russo-
Japanese war he was among those
drafted for that service by the Asso
ciated ress. He sailed from" San
Francisco on January 15 for Yoko
hama, thence to Shanghai. With the
progress of events he went to Seoul,
but on account of his knowledge of
languages was finally ordered to join
the Russian headquarters In Man
churia and to do so he went to Chefu,
from Chefu to Peking, thence to Tien
tsin and from the latter point to New
chwang, where he entered the' Rus
sian lines and proceeded to Mukden,
joining Viceroy Alexieff's headquar
ters. Later he proceded to Liaoyang
and there recently reported several
engagements.
KNIGHT REPORTED KILLED.
TIENTSIN, June 28. — It is reported
that Edward F. Knight, the corre
spondent of the London Morning Post
with the Japanese army, was killed
at Wafangtien.
Several engagements between the
Russian and Japanese forces have
been reported as having occurred at or
near Wafangtien, that town x having
been occupied by the Japanese on
June 19, and it is possible that if the
report of Knight's death be true he
was killed in one of these battles.
Spectators at one of the engagements
say that they saw three horsemen ap
pear on a hill, one of whom resembled
either an American or British attache.
This man fell from his horse when the
Russians fired and evidently was
killed.
CAMK TO SAX FRANCISCO.
Henry John Middleton, the first of
the American war correspondents to
lose his life at the front in the present
conflict, was representing the Asso
ciated Press at General Kuropatkin's
headquarters near Liaoyang. He was
taken sick with enteric dysentery less
than a week ago and only on Sunday
was a dispatch received from him in
which he requested that a substitute
be sent to relieve him. - He was about
33 years of age, unmarried and was
born in London.
Middleton was a vivid descriptive
writer, a linguist, a student and 'one
of the best posted, men on interna
tional affairs. He became connected
with the London Bureau of the Asso
ciated Press in 1892 and filled almost
every position except superintendent
in that office.
While his career contains many re
markable Journalistic feats which
brought him praise, perhaps his most
brilliant work was in reporting for the
Associated Press the Dreyfus trial at
Rennes, where he made a name for
himself in competition with such well
known men as Julian Ralph and Harry
D. Stevens, whose admiration and re
spect he obtained at that time. Though
unassisted, he often forwarded four
and five columns a day of the interest
ing pictures and dramatic incidents of
that great case.
CAMBRIDGE. Maes.. June 28.—Sec
retary of War William Ii. Taft. in an
drcss here this afternoon before the
Harvard Law School Association, made
some important declarations regarding
the future of the Philippines and the
Filipinos. He said that the Filipinos
fnu*t wait twenty years or so before
they can be thought fit for independ
ence..
•¦•'I am in favor of teaching the peo
ple how to govern themselves," he said,
•*and I cannot assume that such a les
,son, so difficult to learn, can be taught
to a people. £0 per cfnt of whom are
grossly ignorant, to-day without any
political experience^ whatever in nve
years, as some of our opponents say, or
m twenty years, as others suggest. If
ultimately the Filirinos are taken in
behind the tariff wall, as I hope ;fnd
pray they mar. it would tend to de
v*Iu;> the islands in such a way that
they might prefer to maintain some
sort of i bond rather than separate
thtmselvts and become independent. "
At a banquet to-night, Richard Olney,
referring to American rule in the Phil-
Ippineft, *aid:
"According to him (Taft) we are rich
enough and can afford it and therefore
it. i» our <Iuty to sacrifice American
ii\'*a and American treasure indefinite
ly and" without stint for the education
and elevation of Filipinos according to
African standards. , But out of any
*uch proposition at once issues another
Jegai puzzle for the modern American
lawyer to find in the national constitu
tion, any authority for purely philan
thropic enterprises — any right In that
Government to turn itself Into a. mis
sion to the benighted tribes of islands
in the S^uth SeAs, 7000 miles from our
shores, or any powers to tax the toiling
maffof of this country for the benefit
of rantley groups of the brown people
of the tropics between whom and the
taxpayer? '.here is absolutely no com
rrmnity either of interest or sympathy."
Portraits of Frederick Douglass. Ma
jor Martin R. Delaney, the late Bishop
Richard Allen, the late Bishop Daniel
A. Payne and Booker T. Washington
will be on the flag.
Professor Arnett believes the colored
people need a flag of this sort and that
it will to a certain extent solve the
race question.
CINCINNATI, Juno 23.— Professor H.
Y. Arnett, financial representative of
Wllb«rforce University and son of
Bishop B. Arnett of the African ileth
odist Episcopal Church, has devised a
plan whereby the plaintive wall,
"Every nation has a flag but the ne
gro," will be a thing of the past.
A flag has been decided upon and it
may soon wave from every colored in
stitution. Professor Arnett thinks that
the staff should be made of weeping
willow to commemorate the fact that
the women and children in slavery
days knelt and prayed under weeping
willow trees. In the center will be a
picture of five representative colored
men who stand for the enlightenment
of the race.
Special Dispatch ta Th» Call.
NEWCHWANG, June 28. — H. J.
Middleton, the Associated Press cor
respondent with the Russian head
quarters near Liaoyang, in Manchuria,
died on Sunday from enteric dysen
tery.
Cabinet Officer Declares Na
tives at Present Are Un
lit to Govern Themselves
Banner WiU Present Por
traits of Five Foremost
Leaders of the Eace
WEEPING WILLOWSTAFF
NEW YORK, June 29.— The World
has the following copyrighted cable
gram from Tientsin: "It is believed
that the Japanese losses were one bat
tleship, two cruisers and five destroy
ers in Thursday's engagement. Subse
quently the Japanese began a simul
taneous bombardment and land attack
on Port Arthur, but were repulsed."
CHEFU, June 29, 2 p. m.— Chinese
arrivals from Port Arthur report a
large vessel, presumably a Russian
vessel, on the rocks ten miles southeast
of Liaotshan promontory. Three fun
nels and two masts are above water.\
The Chinese also state that after th«
Japanese fleet moved away from the
entrance to Port Arthur on June 24
the Russian fleet again emerged, re
maining out a short time.
Fighting is reported to be continuous
on land and frequent from the sea.
LONDON, June 28.— A dispatch to the
Central News from Tokio says it is re
ported that another Russian battleship
has been dscovered stranded off Tiger
Rock. It is presumed she was wrecked
while returning to Port Arthur after
the recent naval engagement.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 28.— News
from the Port Arthur squadron is ea
gerly awaited. The city is full of
rumors, chiefly based on foreign tele
grams. A report that Rear Admiral
Withoeft, in command of the navaJ
forces at Port Arthur, sailed off after
giving battle to the Japanese receives
the most credence. Withoeft is known
to have full authority to leave Port
Arthur if he deems it advisable, and he
possibly preferred not risking a return
to the harbor, which might again be
blocked, preventing his egress at a
critical moment Consequently that
official may now be steaming to Join
the Vladivostok cruisers. The Minister
of Marine is anxiously expecting a fur
ther report, but none had been received
up to the hour of filing this dispatch.
TOKIO, June 28.— An unconfirmed re
port has been received from the island
of Hokkaido that ships resembling the
Russian Vladivostok squadron had ap
peared off there on June 27. " Similar
reports have been received from other
places along the northern coast of Ja
pan. .The Naval Office does not give
credence to these reports.
SEOUL, Korea^ June 28.— It Is ru
mored here that the Russian Vladivos
tok squadron has again left that port.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
One Succumbs to Illness and
the Other Is Shot Dur
ing Battle.
CHECKED BY IGNORANCE
CHEFU, June 28.— Letters received
here to-day from Port Arthur, dated
June 23, give no news, but convey an
idea of the conditions prevailing in the
besieged city. One writer says the
civilians, though knowing something of
what is occurring, are ignorant of the
progress of the war. Little information
leaks out. Most of the hon-combatants
have caves in the hills or underground
cells, where they spend the nights in
safety. Bands play occasionally in the
parks and the prices of food are slight
ly higher. The Chinese are suffering
severely in many ways, as a result of
the lighting.
The Red Cross nurses, in the absence
of regular work, have established eat
ing houses for the needy.
Port Arthur Civilians Are Living in
Caves and Underground Cells.'
LIKE SIEGE OF VICKSBURG.
TOKIO, June 28. — Unofficial Jap
anese experts would be surprised were
Kuroki to throw his army against the
Russian position at Motien Pass. It
seems fairly safe to say that his tac
tics in that quarter are designed to
hold the Russians in the pass, pending
a further development of the cam
paign in the, west. General Oku's
army has already strategically out
flanked Kuropatkin's chief mountain
strongholds. Their evacuation proba
bly will be automatically accom
plished, as the hero of Nanshan forces
his way northward.
Of course, if any position in front
of ejther the army at Fengwangcheng
or the army at Takushan is weakly
held it will be seized. Moreover,
strong pressure wilPbe maintained ail
along the line in order to prevent the
transference of troops to support ths
Russians who are opposing the -.d
vance of Oku. General Kuroki still
keeps a considerable force well to the
north, apparently with the intention
of attempting to intercept Kuropat
kin's retreat, should the Russian com
mander in chief try to retreat and .'t
should prove impossible to send an in
tercepting column straight over th«s
mountains toward Liaoyang.
Japanese Attempting to Cut 'Off Uie
Retreating Russians.
The telegram from General Kuropat
kin, as published in a special edition
of the Official Messenger, informed St.
Petersburgers that General Kuroki's
army had crossed the three passes of
the Fenshui Mountains and was ad
vancing in strong columns from Siu
yen on Haicheng and from Fengwang
cheng on Liaoyang, while portions of
General Oku'sarmy were moving north
eastward along mountain paths to
strengthen the attack on Haicheng.
The same telegram reported a cavalry
engagement at Senuchen, indicating
that the Japanese retreat southward
was only a feint, as forecasted in these
dispatches.
General Oku has again assumed the
offensive and is supporting General
Kuroki. The Russian resistance is cen
tered in the region east of Tatchekiao.
The Japanese have failed to make an
advance in this direction, which is re
garded as denoting the presence of a
large Russian force at Tatchekiao.
MAY ENTRAP KUROPATKIN.
portion of the southern Japanese army
is moving northeastward with the in
tention of joining General Kuroki's
force. . .
"At noon to-day our cavalry was
hotly engaged near Seuyuchen.
"All the reports of the last few days
state that the forces of Japanese ar
rayed against our Manchurian army
consist -of eight or nine infantry divi
sions and several brigades of reserves,
which also occupy positions in the
fighting line."
Motien pass and Fenshui pass are
about due east of Liaoyang. Ta pass
is midway between and north of Mo
tien and Fenshui passes, and is be
tween Liaoyang and Mukden and about
seventy-five miles from the railroad
connecting Liaoyang and Mukden. It
will thus be seen that the Japanese
forces which have occupied the passes
mentioned are turning the left flank
of the Russian position at Liaoyang
and are threatening the railroad con
necting Liaoyang and Mukden.
OKU TAKES THE OFFENSIVE.
Secretary of War Says They
31ust Wait Many Years
to Acquire Independence
Russian Commander in Chief Retiring Northward While
His Flanks Are Being Continually Harassed by the
Brown Legions of Kuroki and Oku.
Tientsin Correspondent Claims That the Japanese Lost
Eight of Their Fleet of War Vessels in the Battle
on Thursday off Port Arthur.
Two Famous War Corres
pondents Perish in the
Far East.
Colored Man Devises an Em
blem Around Which His
Brethren Shall Bally
TAFT SPEAKS
OF FILIPINOS
KUROPATKIN ORDERS A RETREAT OF HIS ARMY,
BUT ADVANCING JAPANESE WILL FORCE BATTLE
PLANS A FLAG
FOR THE NEGRO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 1904.
MRS. ZEILE'S ESTATE.— Frederick W.
Zellewag yesterday appointed executor of the
will of his deceased • wife. Sophie S. Zelle,
without bonds. Tbe csUte is valued at
41W.0OO. .
FREDRIKSTAD, Norway, June 28.
A letter received here from a sailor
on board the steamship
Fortuna of Bergen, wkich left New
York on June 5 fonCork, Ireland, says
that the submarine .boat which was on
board _ the Fortuna was purchased by
Russia and was shipped on the Fortuna
to Kronstadt, whence it was forwarded
by train to Vladivostok.
RUSSIA BOUGHT SUBMARINE.
2
U— seek a needful rest,
N— ow if the time the best;
I —'11 whisper gently, why
O— ur road's the one to try —
N— earer; it's nearer, much nearer.
S—o smooth and straight the way
O— n softest springs, you'll say.
U— feel no fret or jar "
T— hro' either train or car.
H— ere all combine to please,
E— ach guest to place at ease. .
R— unning by night and day
N— o tedious, long delay.
P— leasantly gratified,
A— 11 wants well satisfied on
C— entral Pacific.
I — n sunny summer days,
F— rom old and young the praise
I — n one refrain always,
C— ome, traveler, come. ;
St>. Louis Exposition,
via =
UNIOMOUTHERN PACIFIC
Round Trip $67^5
S. F. BOOTH, General Agent, U. P. R. It,
J Montgomery Street,
Or any Southern Pacific Agent Sail
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
ADVEBTISEltENTS.
i, ¦¦ S?
; It remained for the makers of the EVERETT \
piano to break away from set methods and create a •
new, artistic standard, constructed along new lines, •¦'
and thus elevating the quality of tone and musical lati-
tude to a point never before deemed possible. There
never was a tone like the Everett tone, and there is
now no other tone comparable with it. Nevertheless,
we make it easy for you to own an EVERETT
PIANO. Inquire for our liberal proposition imme- . 1
diately. •
} 931-933 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
', Oakland, Ean Jose, Sacramento, Eureka, Fresno and San Diego.Speaking of embassies and legations,
the historic old Admiral Porter resi
dence property on H street, which was
the home at different times of both the
British and the French legations when
the highest diplomatic representative of
those countries was a Minister, has
been purchased by some man from Col
orado—the name not being given out
as yet. The price waa $50,000. The sale
was about to be consummated some
time ago, but one of the heirs, a daugh
ter of Admiral Porter, excepted to it
and the matter had to go to court,
where a ruling was made directing the
acceptance of the offer.
The elegant quarters of the Army
and Navy Club at Connecticut avenue
and I street, where every soldier and
sailor of note has been entertained at
one time or Another In their career, has
at last been sold and will be ultimately
Joined to an apartment house now
building near by. The sale has been
under negotiation for a long time, its
conclusion being effected with an ex
tension of two years time in which the
club may provide Itself with a new
home.
The recently organized University
Club, of which Secretary of War Taft
is president and which has been with
out permanent quarters, has rented the
handsome four-story, pressed brick and
stone building at the corner of K and
Sixteenth streets, formerly the resi
dence of Major Wheeler. ' ¦' ¦
The legation of Sweden and Nor
way, the ownership of which is in
question and concerning which the in
teresting dispute as to taxes is raised,
was acquired by Minister Girp in 1902
and is located on S street, Connecti
cut Heights, at a cost of $18,000.
PORTER RESIDENCE.
idence of Mrs. Phoebe Hearst, occu
pying the triangle at New Hampshire
avenue, O and Twentieth streets. It
is "a splendid mansion and the pur
chase included many works of art
gathered by Mrs. Hearst from many
lands.
In Presence of More Than One Thou
sand People Negro Lad Receives
Fifty Lashes.
LEXINGTON. Ky., June 26. — In
accordance with Police Judge Riley's
recent whipping-post decision, a 14
year-old colored boy was given fifty
lashes in the public square to-day. His
coat was removed and the lad was
whipped with a buggy whip in the
presence of over a thousand citizens.
COLORED BOY PUBLICLY
WHIPPED IN KENTUCKY
INDIAXAPOLJS, June 2S. — Walter R. Miles
of Pacific College. Newbers. Or., won the first
price of $100 in the Prohibition oratorical con
test, which was held In the Tomllnson Hall to
night.
A "census" of the vehicles passing
over London bridge was taken recently
for seven days. The number of vehi
cles was 125,373.
Leader Says Deportation of Denver
Miners Means Destruction of Town.
JOLIET, 111., June 2S. — "If General
Eell ever attempts to deport the
union men from Denver, do you know
what will happen? I will tell you.
The union men will go, but before
they do they will apply the torch to
Denver; . they will burn everything
that can be burned in that city, and
Denver will lie in ashes."
This statement was made to-day
by C. O. Sherman of Chicago, secre
tary of the International Metal Work
ers' Union. "Let Bell try to drive
union men from Denver." he con
tinued. "If he ever does it Denver
will sink in its ashes. There will not
be left a thing that can be burned.
The torch will be applied in every
quarter of the city. The miners have
stood about all they can. They must
resent further indignities, and they
will."
PREDICTS USE OF TORCH.
SAN RAFAEL; June 28.— On motion
of the District Attorney, the informa
tion filed against James N. Phillips,
charged with escaping from State
prison, was dismissed to-day.
<^The District Attorney then stated
that inasmuch as Phillips had been
formally deprived of twenty-eight
months* credits and as his escape was
unaccompanied by violence he had been
; sufficiently punished for his miscon
duct and asked the court to dismiss the
case, which was granted.
Phillips Case Dismissed.
The case came before Judge Speer
on a writ of habeas corpus applied for
by a negro for. release from the cus
tody of E. A. Wimbesh. superintendent
of the Bibb County (Ga.) chain gang.
Judge Speer decided that the superin
tendent was without authority to hold
the prisoner and directed his release.
MACON, Ga., June 28. — United
States District Judge Emory Speer of
the western division of the Southern
District of Georgia to-day rendered an
opinion of far-reaching importance.
Involving the authority of municipal
courts throughout the country to sen
tence violators of municipal ordinances
to local chain gangs.
CHAIN GANGS ILLEGAL,
DECLARES A JURIST
Orders the Release of a Negro Sen
tenced for an Infraction of
Municipal Law.
HELENA, Mont.. June 28. — News
was received here to-night of the
poisoning of a section man at Portal,
"on the Great Northern. This morning
a hobo stopped at the section-house.
He was invited to have something to
eat and accepted. Later .he said he
would ,go to Wickes for some liquor.
He returned shortly with a bottle and
"Jack" Gannon was the first to take
a drink.
Gannon had no sooner swallowed
the supposed 'liquor than he fell In
agony and shortly afterward died. It
is believed the bottle contained prus
sic acid.
The hobo then saturated the bunk
house "with oil and set fire to it. One
of the men who had been looking af
ter Gannon saw him and caught him
when he started to run. The hobo is
believed to be crazy.
Inflicts an Agonizing Death Upon
Kindly Man Who Gave Mini
a Meal.
CRAZY TRAMP GIVES
POISON TO BENEFACTOR
Scott later got his satchel and said
he thought he would stay around and
enjoy himself. He had about KJOOO with
him.
I can get mush and milk." he said, sad
ly. "It's time for me to get back to
soft food: a nursing bottle is about
fight for a man from Death Valley who
would let It be put all over him by a
soft heel in these parts. I've got plenty
left. I had wired a girl to meet me is
Jersey City and going to get
married. I don't mind the loss of the
$12,000 so much, but what will Death
Valley say? Oh, for one sweet minute
alone with the gentleman who took the
sack."
CHEYENNE, Wyo., June 2S. — Word
has been received here of considerable
damage wrought by a cyclone in Wes
ton County. Trees were uprooted,
ranchhouses blown down, haystacks
Ecajttered and livestock and several per
sons injured. The "twister" narrowly
missed a passenger train on the Bur
lington railway.
"Twister" In Wyoming Injuries Per
sons and Cattle and Narrowly
Misses Passenger Train. J
CYCLONE UPROOTS TREES
AND BLOWS DOWN* HOUSES
Seriously injured: R. J. Harris, badly
bruised on head and body; Mrs. Harris*
mother, an aged lady, leg broken and
body mangled; three children of Mr.
and Mrs. Harris, not seriously.
The tornado followed a sultry after
noon and came in the shape of a fun
nel-shaped- cloud. It struck several
buildings before reaching -the Harris
home. At the latter place part of the
family reached a cellar In safety, but
Mrs. Harris and her son Lewis and a
six-year-old daughter were unable to
escape.
Great damage was done to crops and
stock farms, houses were destroyed and
the occupants sought safety in cellars.
In Holmesville several buildings were
blown to pieces and others unroofed,
but no casualties are reported.
HOLMESVILLE, Neb., June 28. — A
tornado near this place to-day killed
two persons, fatally injured a third
and caused the severe injury of five
others.
The dead: Two children of S. J. Har
ris, C and 9 years old.
Fatally Injured: Mrs. R. J. Harris.
SIOUX CITY, June 2S.— Miss Ethel
Hornfck, a California girl, whose
mother, Mrs. Nora Hornick, resides in
Oakland, was married here to-night to
Dr. William Wallace Walker, a den
tist and clubman of New York City.
The nuptials are the culmination of
an attachment formed over the foot
lights of the Empire Theater, New
York.
Miss Hornick has been a member of
the Augustin Daly and Charles Froh
man companies for ten years. She is
remembered on the coast, where she
played with Margaret Anglln and
Charles Richman In "Mrs. Dane's De
fense." She leaves the stage to be
come mistress of a New York man
sion.
The wedding took place at the home
of the bride's uncle, John Hornick.
Society paid her homage as "the most
beautiful bride of the year. There was
a large and elegant reception after
the ceremony. The groom is a wid
ower, 45 years of age, and the bride is
30. They left to-night for Europe to
spend the summer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTOR, Colo., June 28.— The fourth
and, General Bell says, the last de
portation of union miners from this
city was made at 7 o'clock to-night.
In all thirty-four men were shipped
out, making a total of 1S1 to date.
Four Deputy Sheriffs and a squad of
National Guards under command of
Captain Moore have orders to leave
their prisoners at Colorado Springs.
Peace and auiet prevails, but. martial
law Is still in»force. General Bell says
he will leave for Denver in a day or
two.
COLORADO SPRINGS. June 2S.—
The Reduction Mill at Colorado City,
owned by the Portland Gold Mining
Company, closed down this afternoon
for two weeks. The necessity of mak
ing repairs and a shortage of ore, oc
casioned by the recent closing down
of the mine at Victor by the military
authorities, are given as the reasons
for the action.' There is no doubt that
the mill will be non-unionized when it
resumes operations, since the Mill and
Smeltermen's Union is affiliated with
the Western Federation ' of Miners,
against which the Portland directors
declared themselves ten days ago. If
this action is taken the non-unionizing
of all four of the Colorado City Re
duction plants will have been com
pleted.
WASHINGTON, June 2S.— The Bu
reau of Labor is making an investiga
tion of the labor difficulties in Colo
rado under the organic act of the bu
reau, which charges the Commissioner
of Labor to investigate the cause of
and the facts relating to controversies
between employers and employes. The
investigapon, which is already under
way, may last for some time, as It Is
the intention of the bureau to go to
the very beginning of the trouble and
endeavor to determine exactly what
the difficulties are and the causes lead
ing to them.
¦^ - ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Scott told his tale to the detectives
and then asked to be shown to a res
taurant. "Take me somewhere where
Scott Is big and broad-shouldered. He
carries a gun and dresses picturesquely,
wearing a large hat and loose, flowing
red necktie. He tells a tale of woe
passing strange, but It seems to be sub
stantiated.
Scott, cool and unperturbed, arrived
at 7:30 o'clock this morning. Trainmen
to whom Scott had confided his loss
at Harrisburg had wired ahead and
found Detective Long, of the city force,
and others waiting. The mine owner
was accompanied by an old comrade.
Eugene Hay of Belleville, 111.
Scott's story Is that having cleaned
up a fine stake out of his mine, he
started on a trip East to have a good
time, an incidental feature of which
was a wedding at Jersey City. When
he left San Francisco It was too late
to send hi3 precious nuggets by ex
press. So he put them in a trunk and
checked the trunk. When his train
reached Pittsburg Scott met a lady
and spent the afternoon in her com
pany. When he caught the train he
found his treasure all right, but the
baggageman declined to check such a
valuable piece of property. So Scott
got a canvas sack into which he trans
ferred his treasure and boarded the
train. In the Pullman he met his
friend Hay They sat up late drinking.
Scott had his own bottle of liquor and
his own glass. He* took his canvas
sack for a bedfellow. At Harrisburg he
awoke. The sack was gone. He com
plained and then went to sleep again.
"It. isn't the loss of the stuff I mind."
says Scott. "I've got a roll left and
there is plenty more where the dust
came from. But what will the boys
say when they hear of It! Why, Death
Valley will ring with their merry ha
ha."
PHILADELPHIA, June 2S.— Walter
Scott, owner of the Peerless mine in
Death Valley, CaL, is temporarily so
journing in Philadelphia, while the de
tective department and many railroad
officials are endeavoring to locate a
sack containing 120 pounds of gold
amalgam, valued at $12,000, from which
the miner avers he was separated while
journeying from Pittsburg to Philadel
phia.
A wedding that was to have taken
place in Jersey City has been tempo
rarily postponed and Scott is trying to
think up excuses to square himself with
"the boys" in Death Valley.
• Special Dl»p*tch to Tne C*XL
Government Bureau of La
bor Will Fully Investigate
the Situation in Colorado
Storm Works Great Damage
to Crops and Blows Sev
eral Buildings to Pieces
Dr. William Wallace Walker
.and Miss Ethel Hornick
.Are Married at Sioux City
Misfortune .Bothers Victim
Little, but He Dreads Jok
ing Which Must B£ Met
MEMBERS OF ONE FAMILY
WEDS GOTHAM DENTIST
THEFT OCCURS AT NIGHT
"He's the Minister from ,"
said the boy.
"Oh!" said the officer, and with a
word of advice not to do so again he
turned the whole party loose. A test,
equally as interesting, as to the ex
emption of legation property from
taxation-Is now being made. The le
gation property of Sweden and Nor
way was assessed for taxation on the
ground that it was owned not by the
Government represented, but by the
representative — his personal or indi
vidual property. The representative
protested, and, as he went away for
the summer, referred the matter to
the State Department.
This exemption from taxation and
control of law extends to all the per
sonal property and effects of the
foreign representatives. Children
born within the premises are as dis
tinctly alien as if born in the distant
land of the flag that flies over them.
GERMANY'S PROPERTY.
Prussia, only so short a time ago
as 1S04, was the first to establish its
own legation here. It has since be
come that of united Germany. It was
originally located oa Fifteenth street,
but the property was sold recently be
cause of the encroachment of business
houses, and Is now established in
handsome brick and stone on Massa
chusetts avenue. It was In this house
that Prince Henry was entertained
during his stay in Washington.
Great Britain owns some 30,000
square feet of the triangle bounded by
Connecticut avenue, Nineteenth and N
streets. The Embassv building is a
mansion containing more than fifty
rooms, cost $125,000 and was built in
1S76. The property is surrounded by a
high Iron fence, and, together with the
English Ivy that has spread over the
building, lends It an air of exclusive
ness. The building is of red brick and
its furnishings are elegant and costly.
Mexico established ltr embassv In
1SS7, building a handsome establish
ment on I street, between Fourteenth
and Fifteenth. Opened with a magnifi
cent ball, it was occupied for eleven
years bv Minister Romero and his
American wife. The latter died there
in 1S98, and her husband, just elevated
to the rank of Embassador, followed
her three months later.
Japan owns an unpretentious three
story building on N street, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth, formerly
the residence of General A. B. Capron,
bought in 1S87.
Korea in 1S99 purchased a rather
handsome building on Iowa circle, at
the Junction of Thirteenth street,
where have resided the mysterious rep
resentatives of the hermit kingdom.
SUMPTUOUS QUARTERS.
Austria-Hungary's embassy, on Con
necticut ave'nue, was purchased from
former Senator D. I* Tule« of Florida
at a cost of $50,000, and in its furnish
ings and decorations Is rated as the
most elaborate foreign residence in
Washington.
France designs to eclipse all other
countries in the magnificence with
which its Embassador is to be housed
in this country. It has purchased at
a cost of $100,000 a tract of land em
bracing 70,000 square feet In the
choicest residence section near Con
necticut avenue, with frontages on
three streets. A staff architect of the i
French Foreign Office . has paid two |
visits to the site. He is designing a
$300,000 palace, which will represent
the best type of mrfdern French do
mestic architecture. It will not be
completed short of two years and in
the meantime the Embassador resides
at the home of Hon. Bellamy Storer,
present Embassador to Austria-Hun
gary, on Rhode Island avenue.
China has a home recently com
pleted and costing $100,000, located
at Nineteenth street and Vernoa ave
nue, "Washington Heights.
Italy, has purchased the former res-
ca— so commissioned by the President
of the United States.
CONSULAR SERVICE.
In this connection it may be noted
again that the United States of Ameri
can consular service — as you will —
which sometime was held in very
slight esteem at home or elsevtfiere.
Is so distinctly on the uplift as to have
been responsible — at least this Is as
close as it may be traced — for having
given Mr. Bryan that new idea which
he acquired while abroad. He was
so impressed that he was going
to see to It that the Government
owned Its legation premises wherever
they are established and add all that
it might to the dignity of its repre
sentatives in foreign lands. Not much
progress has been made in this.
The United States owns such prem
ises In but four cities, and these all
in the Far East. Two years ago prop
erty was purchased at Peking and a
building constructed at a cost alto
gether of 5100.000. In 1S92 a legation
was purchased at Tokio, Japan, by
virtue of an act of Congress appro
priating money therefor. The Siamese
Government in 1S90 made the United
States Government a present of a
handsome house at Bangkok for use
of Its representative to that coun
try. The other, the fourth, was the
first establishment of the kind to be
got up by Uncle Sam. It was
in Seoul, Korea, and was pur
chased In 1SS6. In these several
houses reside representatives of this
Government amenable no more to the
laws of the land in which they are
than if they were In Washington
City. The houses and the lands upon
which they are situated belong abso
lutely to the" United States, and
those who reside there are required
to obey only the laws of the United
States.
LAWS ARE IMPOTENT.
Similarly in Washington there are
ten of these foreign embassies or le
gations against which Uncle Sam
may assess no taxes and his laws are
impotent as against their occupants.
A few days ago several lads were
rounded up by the police, caught in
the act of bathing In the Potomac
River within the city limits, contrary
to law in any case, and especially so
as they were sans even a breech
cloth.
"Who is your father?" asked the
officer of the ringleader, and by way
of sending the man word that his boy
was in the lock-up.
INQUIRY IN WASHINGTON
All that has been done. It is declared,
is to authorize the use of the word
"American," which is more euphonious
than the wards "United States."
tt has"tn fact been the custom for
years to designate in the official. mail
the residences of the diplomatic offi
cers abroad as "the American Embas
sy." cr "The American Legation." Mr.
Hay has extended this custom to "The
American Consulate" and "The Ameri
can Consulate General," a matter of
euphony only. It Is said. All these offi
cers will, in their commissions, still
represent the United States of Ameri-
**The story cf how Secretary Hay has
substituted the word "American" for
"the United States" In reference to the
foreign consulates has created a great
deal of newspaper gossip. Explanations
have been variously made. It is said
that there has been no disposition on
the part of the State Department to
change the official designation of the
diplomatic or consular representatives
of the United States-
As to the price in dollars — the cost cf
l?bcr at ?1 per day. interest on the
mqpey for thirty years at 3 per cent,
and the salaries of engineers, foremen
and others at like reasonable rates, ma
chinery, transportation and other es
s:nliais at current rates — he figures
that it 5570,000.000, adding to this the
rrice paid to the French company, there
is a grand total of $610,000,000. It will
l>e *eeen that Dr. Stephens is not dis
posed to take a cheerful view with his
fi cures.
walls of a.n oven, and the seething
Fieam boilers accentuate it. The price
to be paid in human suffering here to
sveure the boon to commerce, he says,
will be nothing less than frightful.
FIGURES THE COST.
ception be grained.
The walls of this excavation, he says,
concentrate and reflect heat like the
He has done a lot of figuring and
estimated 446,000.000 cubic yards to
be moved*, and that as conserv
ative estimate, and allowing of
course, for the work that has
been eccomplished. He considers
that, the new French company
has been diligent and honest. The
best year's work accomplished by that
company was 1S87, when, with 3600
mert employed. It removed from the
Culebra cut 960,000 cubic meters.
chiefly earth. He takes this as his
basis from which to figure upon the
whole wcrk and allows 40 per cent
for American methods and improved
machines and 30.000 men. With
10,000 men he removes the time limit
fifteen points, or forty-six years for
the job. His estimate gives a ditch 150
feet wide at the bottom, the bottom
being thirty-five feet below low tide.
A*u the top it is three-fifths of a mile
¦vvfde ajid from the north side 400 feet
deep. Dr. Stephens describes this cut
as the greatest thing of the kind ever
undertaken by men. The figures con
vey little idea of its true character, but
ox£y by a view of the work in progress,
the puny size of the engines at work
and the army of men as compared to
the great trench, can any vague con-
STEPHENS' ESTI31ATE.
But now comes Dr. C. A. Stephens.
an engineer not attached to the great
work. He has gone over the ground
and rnafle estimates and comes to
Washington prepared to start a bear
movement. Thirty-one years is his
minimum figure, with 30.000 men em
ployed and allowing for American
methods end machines.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
V.'ASHIN'GTON. June 28. — Isthmian
Canal Commissioner Grunsky of San
Francisco has placed the minimum
\\rn\* for the completion of the Pan
ama canal — any kind of an old lock
canal — at ten years. This is his con
servatism, and, knowing the lm
ratience of the American people to see
chips sailing through the cut off. he
Fays nothing about the other limit —
the extreme limit— of time which may
be employed in making the big trench
to sea level, upon which the American
heart is set. No man will do this per
haps, for, of course, 10,000 years could
be employed in such a work and the
outermost -limit depends entirely upon
the vigor and Intelligence with which
the work is pushed. With all going
well in other respects — neither war
nor Democratic impotency interven
ing — Yankee energy and invention
rr.ay be depended upon to bring the
two oceans together within the very
ehortest time that is possible.
BY S. W. AVALXi.
Two Children Killed and
Six Persons Injured by a
Windstorm in. Nebraska
Last Shipment of Union
3Ien From the Cripple
Creek Gold Mining Camps
Gifted California Actress
Forsakes Footlights to
Become Bride of Clubman
Eobber on a Train Steals
$12,000 in Gold From Mine
Owner of Death Valley
Claim Is Made That the Panama Ditch Cannot Be
Completed Within Ten Years, the Minimum Time
Set by the Canal Commissioner From California
DEATH COMES
WITH TORNADO
BELL DEPORTS
MORE MINERS
LOSES FORTUNE
IN NUGGETS
LEAVES STAGE
FOR MANSION
ESTIMATE OF GRUNSKY
TREBLED BY ENGINEER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. WEDNESDAY, ¦ JtfNE 29, 1904.
SANTA CRUZ, June 28. — The resi
dence of Mrs. Refugio Buelna in High
street, an old landmark, was burned
to the ground last night. The loss
.will amflunt to nearly $2000. — - ~-v
Santa Cruz Landmark Burns.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS. r* :
From now until this coming Saturday night we will give to every boy purchaser an explo-
sion cane with a round of caps. Boys: If your parents- come down to the store to buy anything
for you be sure and have them ask for one of these canes. The canes are on display in ourwindow. "
JP^ ~~ Special' Sale of
J^f^Cd ¦¦'. * V -:ks These suits are not boys' garments simply cut in larger sizes,
-c^V^^^P/ •. V;; ' t -. ml J° u^ are manly, broad-chested suits cut from the same patterns as our
0^^^^iM^^$r^^^i 'men's clothes, embodying all the latest features, such as broad con-
pi§f| te7^?;llS;'S0/|i cave shoulders, close-fitting neck, narrow lapels, full: draped back;
llllfe^^^SSSK'^i/^ /trousers cut with broad tops and tapering legs. The ages are from
Tlie colorings are the very newest. In fact, they are fall goods,
"^^^^^^^^ftlr but we are showing them fully two months in advance. You will find
i^^^SSS^^^i suits like them on^display in other stores in a few weeks marked at
W&MJ^^^S These garments were made in our own workshops, and in retail-
I If 'I0t ing them direct to you we save you the middleman's profit. That's
W0£$^^M$ wfiy- we can se^ suc h g°°d suits. for .
iMSi fe^ft It's an actual fact that we are the only firm on the Pacific Coast
Sillif fUSl manufacturing our entire stock of boys' and youths' clothing. With
- Hfe 1 fliill this advantage it is impossible for any store to undersell us.
W%0§ - Mili tt w^ re Q u^ re only one purchase on your part to determine the^
ii8f : Jff§| facts of this case - - , " , •
feliP %Hi^^ Investigate this for yourself if you have boys to clothe — and save
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
KIDNEY AND BLADDER
/TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED.
A Saeple Bottle Seat FREE bj Mail.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great
kidney remedy, fulfills every wish in
promptly curing kidney, bladder and
uric acid troubles, rheumatism and pain
in the back. It corrects inability to hold
water and.scaldln? pain in passing It. or
bad effects following use of liquor, wina
or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and to get Up many times
during the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp- Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing
cases.
Swamp-Root Is not recommended for
everything, but if you have kidney, liver,
bladder or uric acid trouble you will find
It Just the remedy you need.
If you need a medicine you should
have the best. Sold by druggists in flf-
ty-cent and one-dollar sizes. You may
have a sample bottle of this great kidney
remedy. Swamp-Root, and a book that
tells all about it and its great cures, both
sent absolutely free by mail. Address Dr.
Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. N. Y. When
writing be sure to mention that you
read this generous offer In The San
Francisco Daily Call. Don't make any
mistake, but remember the name,
Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
and the address, Binghamton, N. Y., on
every bottle.
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children.
He Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tho S*7p s/G/r . s* "
SIgnatxiro of C^uzJ^ytf f'&6£ZvtiC
ADVEBTISEICEUTS.
P^bod-. Knife.
* ' This is ay special proposi-
tion. There are several dif-
ferent styles of handles, in-
cluding pearl. All are stan-
| dard brands, and you are cer-
. tain to be pleased. If you
want
A GOOD SAZOS, I am offer-
1 ing an extraordinary value for
the specially low price <>i r\n
: STUl SAFETY RAZORS, in
regular $2.00 values, ci f n
for V'-JU
Two bars Williams* ttZg*
10c Shaving Soap ¦*'»»
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer.
1006 market SU Above Powell.
) BAN FRANCISCO.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GU1HA5TIE3 . COTUB FOXt KEH.
SASZiZiESS IN JXCTIOH. Cures ordinary
cases in a few <iaya. Warranted to cure
worst cases. STO OTKEE TREATamr?
gSQtrotEP. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. FSEVT2JTS COJTTACIOH. Harm-
less. $2. op for both bottles. For sale only
X. & KELirs TV ATM ACT. 192 JZiir.An Irishman says that being an an
eif-nt must have been a healthful occu
pation.
Senator's Name Will Not Be Presented
to the Convention. ;•:
WASHINGTON, June 28.— Senator
Gorman, to the surprise of both friends
and critics, broke his silence sufficient
ly to-day to make an emphatic denial
that he is in any combination with
other leading Democrats to defeat
Judge Parker for the Democratic
nomination at St. Louis. He also made
the significant statement that the can
didate having a clear majority of the
delegates would control the conven
tion, whether the two-thirds rule pre
vailed or not.
To add Importance and significance
to the day's doings ! here as they re
late to Senator Gorman, Victor Baugh-
GORMAN OUT OF THE RACE.
Composer of "Dixie" Is Dead.
MOUNT VERNON. Ohio, June 28.
I/an Emmett, the old-time minstrel,
"famous as the composer of "Dixie,"
died suddenly to-night, aged 86 years.
CHICAGO. June 28. — John Bailey
Tyler of Chicago is dead at the Alex
ian Brothers* Hospital after an illness
of several weeks. Tyler, it is thought,
*vas the youngest soldier in the Con
federate army who served through
out the war other than in the position
of drummer • boy. He enlisted when
h« was 12 years old as a cavalry man,
serving throughout the war in Troop
D of the First Maryland Confederate
Cavalry- Tyler was born in Frederick.
Wd.. In 1S49.
Death Claims Southerner Who En
listed at the Age of 12.
CONFEDERATE SOLDIER DIES.
NEW YORK, June 28. — Michael T.
Roach, a gifted violin player, who had
traveled in many countries, is dead at
his home in Hempstead, Long Island,
c Roach suffered from heart trouble,
brought on by excessive playing on hia
"beloved instrument, a Stradivarius. He
had for years played frequently more
than twelve hours a day. When he
fell ill several months ago the doctors
¦warned him that excessive devotion to
music had weakened his heart and
that he would have to use the bow
more "moderately. He observed their
injunctions for a time, hut found it
hard to master his passion for music,
bo that, two weeks ago, he was for
bidden to touch the violin again. He
declined rapidly from that time to his
death.
Devotion to Fiddle.
Gifted Violinist's Death Is Caused by
LOVED MUSIC, NOT LIFE.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
"The nomination at Indianapolis on
the 29th inst., although an added and
greatly valued token of approval and
confidence, would not. in my judgment,
afford that* opportunity of efficient pub
lic service which would be the chief
motive for my resuming official life."
INDIANAPOLIS,. June 28.— The Na
tional Prohibitionist Committee to
night, after a session of several hours,
selected for temporary chairman of the
national convention to-morrow Homer
L. Castle of Plttsburg and for tempo
rary secretary W. G. Calderwood of
Minneapolis. Nominations will be made
on Thursday.
A letter written by General Miles to
J. G. Woolley of Chicago and dated
from Washington City, June 20, which
was made public to-day, is believed
by National Chairman Stewart and
others to eliminate General Miles from
consideration as a Presidential candi
date. A manifesto was issued to-day
by those who are insisting that General
Miles make a declaration of his position
before being offered the nomination for
President. Among those who signed
this manifesto were National Chairman
Oliver W. Stewart, National Secretary
James A. Tate, J. F. Butler of Cali
fornia. A. B. Laynton of Oakland, Cal.;
J. B. Cranflll of Texas and G. W. Cal
derwood of California.
With the arrival of the New York
delegation to-day one of the delegates
made public Miles' letter to Woolley,
which concluded as follows:
General Sends Letter Rejecting the
Prohibitionist Nomination.
JULES OUT OF THE RACE.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— Blaine
W. Taylor of West Virginia, cliief
tlerk of the Postoffice Department,
will resign that office on July 20, to
take effect on August 20, and will be
succeeded by Merritt O. Chance of Il
linois, now chief of the division of
postoffice supplies and recently pri
vate secretary of the Secretary of
War. Taylor is a Democrat.
Will Be Succeeded by Merritt
O. Chance of Illinois.
Blainc W. Taylor of Wot Virginia
The contricts signed to-day resulted
from tests covering a period of two
years. The immediate necessity of pro
tecting the canal zone by wireless con
nection »s well as by other means of
communication prompted the final
agreement. The announcement is made
that the Deforests Company has al
ready begun the erection of a station
at Seattle, Wash., for the purpose of
experimenting on the Pacific and it is
gaid that an attempt would soon be
made to communicate with Japan.
The Navy Department has received
permission from the Department of
Commerce and Labor to establish a
wireless telegraph station on the Far
allon Islands off San Francisco and is
now arranging to equip a station at
once.
»
POSTAL DEPARTMENT'S
CHIEF CLERK RESIGNS
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON, June 2S.— Important
contracts wore signed to-day between
the Navy Department and the Ameri
can Deforest Wireless Telegraph Com
pany for the installation of a wireless
service under Government control. The
contracts cover, these points: Key West,
Fla.. Porto Ri,co, the exact location
yet to be determined, and Guantanamo,
Cuba, and a station In the Panama ca
cal zone. The power is also to be in
creased at Penfacola, Fla.. in the sta
tion now operated by the Government
for communication with Key West.
Key West, Porto Rico and Panama
make an equilateral triangle approxi
mately 1000 miles to a side, and the
Deforest Company guarantees satisfac
tory results between these points and
also 1000 miles at sea. Thus the station
in the Panama canal zone will operate
1000 miles into the Pacific.
Special DlKpatch to The Call.
The Call made a poll of Democratic
members in Congress and in the entire
membership only a half-dozen men said
they were in favor of a reaffirmatlon of
the Chicago and Kansas City plat
forms. More than 100 Democrats de
clared it would be party suicide for the
national platform to reassert the posi
tion of 1896 and 1900. Senators Teller of
Colorado, Tillman of South Carolina,
Dubois of Idaho, Carmack of Tennes
ree and other loyal supporters of Bry
an in his two unsuccessful campaigns
all said the. time for going into ancient
history was past and that the platform
should declare for new things.
I find a growing feeling in the West
that the party must go farther than
that in its platform. Many bankers and
merchants v.ho wish to support the
Democratic ticket once more will insist
that the party not only repudiate free
silver, but take an advanced position in
favor of the gold standard.
Bryan is going to the convention with
many fights on his hands, and one of
them will be to insist upon a reafllrm
ation of the Chicago and Kansas City
planks. The sentiment of the party is
overwhelmingly against him. On his
return from Europe last winter he gave
an interview in which he said that he
wanted the national convention to de
clare for the free coinage of silver at
the ratio of 16 to 1. Instantly a pro
test went up from Democrats of every
State in the Union.
CHICAGO, June 28.— What the finan
cial plank in the Democratic platform
shall be Is a question which Is giving
trouble to conservative leaders, who
desire a declaration which will serve to
show the business interests of the
country that the party has put behind
its worst heresies. There will be a very
strong element at St. Louis demanding
that the con<"*U<on not only refuse to
ratify the < *-**aro and Kansas City
platforms, byj JtUt it shall directly re
pudiate the Uryan money plank and
declare for the gold standard.
Special Dispatch to The Call. •
Guantanamo, Key West and
Porto Kico Selected by
Government for Stations
Want the Party to
Abandon Its
Heresies.
BIG DISTANCE COVEBED
Navy Department Lets Con
tract for the Installation
of Four Wireless Plants
Conservatives Fa
vor a Change of
Policy.
NEW SYSTEM
IS SPREADING
Democrats Given
Many Cheering
Hurrahs.
Two Factions Contending
for Authority to Call the
Nominating Convention
BOTH SIDES ARE FIR3I
Delegation Gets
Ovation Along
fVlA I itiP
Another Meeting Will Be
Held Soon to Settle the
Question of Supremacy
The politics of the Labor party Is
in a chaotic condition. There Is trou
ble in the ranks and no leader knows
Just who holds the balance of power.
For three hours last night the two
factions, led by the lieutenants of
Mayor Schmitz and the Hardis-Bergea
clique, battled for recognition, but
when the final conference ended noth
ing had been accomplished beyond a
mutual understanding that there would
be more talk and more politics.
So bitter is the difference between the
two factions that neither side will ad
mit the other Is a recognized power
with authority to call for primary nom
inations. Each side admits that such
action on Its part may jeopardize the
nomination of a candidate for Congress
from the Fifth District. Even with that
fact staring them in the face neither
side will give way and allow the other
to call the nominating convention.
Both factions met last night. The
Hardls-Berges crowd had more than
twenty-five "members of unions" in at
tendance at 102 O'Farrell street, while
the Schmitz end brought some thirty
stalwarts to the gathering at 32 O Far- f
rell street. Each side knew the other
was meeting. The Schmitz contingent
claimed they were the whole thing an.l
had all the authority. The other faction
declared they were the only ones to do
business for the Labor party.
To prove to the world that every
thing that might be done in the way
of politics was open and above board
both sides held executive sessions. This
was due to fear that something might
get to the "enemy's" ears. The Har
dls-Berges contingent sent Messrs.
Verges, Rogerson, Coglan and Myers to
confer with the men who represented
the Schmitz end. The two factions
met, but the question of apportionment
was not settled. The Schmitz people
wanted to have the exclusive say and
the Hardis people would not consent.
If there is any question as to the
delegates to the convention the Hardia
faction claim they will have the best
of the proposition from the fact of
their offering to play even.
There will be further meetings of the
two factions soon. An effort will be
made to arrive at some understanding,
as the time left for filing nominations
is short. Just what day or night the
two meetings will be held has not yet
been decided.
Fourth of July at Del Mont*.
If you want quiet sport, a game of
golf on th« links, a tjlp in the aurf. or
salmon fishing on Monterey ?ay. why
not go to Hotel del Monte for your
Fourth of July holiday?
Round-trip rate, including two days
stay at the hotel. $10. Tickets good
leaving San Frar:cisco Saturday or Sun
day, returning Monday or Tuesday. •-
G. Newlands and W. S. Gregory, dele-
I gates from Nevada, boarded the train
! here and will travel with the Califor
! nians to the exposition city. A large
' crowd hnd assembled at the station
and much cheering, waving of hats and
rash promises to accomplish great
i things were expressed.
BY AL 3ICCABE.
RENO; Nev., June 28.— "California
for Hearst" is placarded on all sides
of the Democratic special to St. Louis,
and, judging by the warm receptions
accorded the delegates and generous
donations of fruits and wines received
by them from points along the route
to-day, this declaration Is more than
one would have supposed after wit
¦nesslng-vthe recent Santa Cruz con
vention.
After much photographing and
"farewelling" of the delegates the spe
cial train pulled out on time. and.
although stopped at several points by
enthusiastic Democrats, It is still run
ning close to schedule.
That the fellow townsmen of Sheriff
James A. Keys of Solano County hold
that gentleman in high esteem was
convincingly attested by the enthu
siastic crowd of his friends who as
sembled at Suisun to speed him on his
journey. An informal committee of
his friends had arranged an im
promptu farewell for him and nearly
all the town was at the station to
shout "Good-by, Jim," as the train
pulled out.
Noticeable among the number were:
L. G. Martin, Judge J. M. Gregory.
District Attorney C. M. Gregory, Col
onel R. D. Robblns, Assessor Ed Long.
J. A. Linehan, R. C. Halle and C. P.
Reeves.
J. "W. Reams boarded the train at
Suisun and will journey with the dele
gates to St. Louis. Keys' friends had
also collected about 100 boxes of
choice California fruits, which were
added to the supply for display and
distribution at the California head
quarters in St. Louis.
When the train reached Sacramento
there was enthusiasm to burn. The
delegates from that county (the re
cently elected Treasurer, D. W. Car
michael, and P. C. Cohn of Folsom)
are popular men there and the promi
nent delegates had hired a band to
give them and the California delega
tion a fitting send-off.
Speeches from the delegation were
called for, and the chairman of the
delegation, Hon. M. F. Tarpey, re
sponded in his usual vigorous and
terse style, promising to keep Califor
nia well to the fore in the convention
and to nominate a son of California for
the Presidency if strenuous effort
would accomplish that result.
Among the prominent Democrats
noted at the depot were Major "W. J.
Hassett, Superior Judge P. Shields,
District Attorney Arthur M. Seymour,
Thomas Fox, M. R. Beard, J. H. Hur
ley. J. G. Snook, Morris Brooke, Wil
liam McLaughlin and ex-Mayor W. D.
Comstock.
After cheers for Hearst. Tarpey, Car
michael and Cohn and the loading on
of more fruit and wines, the contribu
tion from the Sacramento Chamber of
Commerce, the journey was resumed,
and. with the exception of stops at
"Newcastle and Auburn for more fruit,
was without incident until Reno was
reached. At this point more enthusi
asm was- unbottled. Senator Francis
LABOR PARTY
HAS TROUBLES
DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION MAY REPUDIATE BRYAN
AND DECLARE FLATLY FOR THE GOLD STANDARD
There are . times when a man should
tell the truth— and then run.
The stroke of the lion's, paw is the
third strongest- force in the animal
world. The first is the blow of a
whale's tale, the second the kick of a
giraffe.
The convention was called to order
by President John W. Cook. There were
half a doien welcoming addresses, one
by President Francis of the World's
Fair, who was given a Chautauqua sa
lute, and three cheera when he conelud
ed his. remarks. .
"University rally day'.', was observed
at the Missouri building and alumni,
students and members [ of university
faculties from all over the country
were present. A, ' * .
Before the joint session of the kinder
garten and elementary departments C.
E. Farrington of the University of Cal
ifornia spoke on elementary education
in Germany and France.
It is estimated that close to 30.000
persons have come to St. Louis to at
tend: this convention. Several thousand
more educators are expected to swell
the attendance before the middle of the
week.
ST. LOUIS, June 28.— The annual
convention'of the National Educational
Association formally convened to-day
in Festival Hall at the World's Fair
grounds. Later the sessions of the dif
ferent educational departments were
convened in various halls throughout
the grounds, the whole constituting the
convention of the general association.
Teachers to the Number- of 30,000
Gather at Fair City to Transact
Business.
EDUCATIONAL! ASSOCIATION*
ASSEMBLES AT ST. LOUIS
defined movement booming John
Sharp Williams, minority leader of
the House of Representatives, fo,r
Vice President on the Democratic
ticket was started here to-day by
Williams' friends.
Missouri Has a "Favorite Son."
JOPLIN; Mo., June 2S.— Missouri
Democrats will meet in convention
here to-morrow to elect twenty-six
delegates to the, national convention.
They will be instructed unanimously
to work' for the nomination of Senator
F. M. Co'ckrell for President. "
STOCK ISSUED TO PROVIDE
STRONG CAPITAL RESERVE
So Declares Harriman in Explaining
Recent 3Iove of tlic Southern
Pacific Directors.
NE\V YORK. June 28. — E. H. Har,
riman, president of the Union and
Southern Pacific railroads, to-day de
fined his opinion of the stock mar
ket as "conservative."
"As prices show • no signs of going
down," said Harriman, "I expect they
will take a turn upward."
In : referring: to the reports that
the greater part of .the Southern Pa
cific preferred stock issues would be
used in acquiring the stock of the
Atchison Railroad. Harriman said: :
"There is no foundation for the
current reports respecting the pur
pose of the additional $60,000,000 is
sue of Southern Pacific preferred
stock. /The main purpose has been to
provide the company with a strong
capital reserve."
According, to the Church Economist,
the church • members of the United
States . number .29,000.000, or 36 per
cent of the entire population, an in
crease of 29 per cent since 1800;-.:
Delegates to the Democratic National
Convention left San Francisco yeSter
day in an orderly, subdued fashion.
There was neither shouting nor en
thusiasm. The music by the band was
rendered in slow time and a minor key.
The deportment of the delegates re
minded a disinterested spectator of a
procession of honorary pall-bearers at
a state funeral. If the band had ren
dered the famous march from "Saul"
nobody, would have been surprised, for
the soft tread of the delegates was sug
gestive of solemn business.
The majority of the delegates went
across the bay on the 10:30 a. m. boat,
but Mr. Delmas, who was deeply en
grossed in the wor.k of preparing his
great speech, did not cross until 11
o'clock. The special train, however,
waited for him and the speech.
M. F. Tarpey, chairman of the dele
gation, was in fire form and gave Mr.
Delmas the glad hand when the latter
joined the throng.
There were two banners in view. One
in blue and gold bore the inscrip
tion: "California. 1904. Delegates' to
Democratic National Convention. St.
Louis." The other banner came from
Hawaii, but not for the first time, as it
was exhibited at Kansas City, Mo., in
1900. To the old inscription: "Kansas
City. 1900," the words: "St. Louis.
1904," have been added. The banner of
the Hawaiian delegation presents this
profound axiom: "Ua Mau Keea, Opa
Ania," which means that the life of the
land is established in righteousness.
The Democratic special train consists
The supply of wine and fruit con
signed to the California headquarters
in the Jefferson Hotel, St. Louis, is
larger than that recently taken to Chi
cago by they Republican delegation.
The Fourth Congressional District
Republican Committee met at No. 16
Engine 1452, Engineer Frank^amon,
pulled the train from the pier to Sacra
mento. T. E.' McCord, who is high in
the favor of the ladies, was the con
ductor in charge. A sign or streamer
running the length of the diner was
lettered: "California for Hearst.". A
similar sign was displayed on the com
posite car.
Among the delegates is Senator J. B.
Sanford of Ukiah. The Senator and
Mrs. Sanfcrd escort to the St. Louis
Exposition five young ladies of the
Mendoclno High School.
M. Jasper McDonald of the Fourth
Congressional District, who was elect
ed as a delegate at Santa Cruz, did not
leave the city with the delegation. It
was reported at the mole yesterday
that his alternate, L. Mooser, would at
tend the convention.
of a baggage car, •composite baggage
and smoker, dining car 10009 and regu
lar Pullmans Mojave* Napa and Sierra.
The ' superb compartment drawing
room car Hatcheta was cut out of the
train at Oakland pier. This elimination
caused some comment in the delega
tion, but it was . explained that only
two of the' expensive drawing-rooms
had been called for, hence the company
was not justified in attaching the car
to the special.
Geary street last evening and peti
tioned for a convention to be held in
San Francisco on Thursday, Septem
ber 22, at 8 p. m. for the purpose of
nominating a candidate for Congress.
The meeting was attended by Maurice
L. Asher, chairman, Phil J. Haskins,
secretary, and a quorum of members.
Luther Elkins presented a call for the
convention, which, after being read,
was adopted. The usual resolution di
recting that the petition for a place on
the ballot at the primary election, be
filed with the Secretary of State was
adopted. It is provided in the call that
the "delegates elected to the State con
vention within said Congressional Dis
trict shall be the delegates empowered
to nominate a candidate for Congress
in said Fourth . Congressional Dis
trict."
The apportionment of representation
to Assembly districts is as follows:
Twenty-eighth District, 5; Twenty
ninth, 5; Thirtieth, 6; Thirty-first, 5;
Fortieth, S; Forty-first, 7; Forty-sec
ond, 9; Forty-third, 9; Forty-fourth, S;
Forty-fifth, 6; total, 63.
The Congressional campaign in the
Fourth District will be short and sharp.
The nominee will not be chosen until
late in September, therefore less than
seven weeks' time will be devoted to
campaigning in his behalf. The Re
publicans of the Fifth District will
not invite an extended campaign. It
is the sense of party leaders that a
campaign of six weeks can be made
as ' effective as a contest of three
months' duration.
Mournful Procession Takes Departure for St. Louis,
Band Playing in Minor Key for Democracy.
[ SOME OK THE CALIFORNIA DELEGATES TO THE DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL CONVENTION AND SCENES- ATTENDING*
THEIR DEPARTURE YESTERDAY MORNING KOK THE WORLD'S KAiH CITY, n'HEltB THE FAITHFUL WILL GATHER
TO NOMINATE A TICKET IN OPPOSITION TO ROOSEVELT AND FAIRBANKS.
Boom for John Sharp Williams.
JACKSON, Miss., June 28.— A well
SACRAMENTO, June 28.— Victor
H. Metcalf to-day filed in the Gover
nor's office his resignation as Con
gressman from : the Third District, to
take effect July 1 next.
Congressman Metcalf Resigns.
DENVER, June 28.— The anti-
Wolcott wing of the Republican party
In Colorado won control of the State
Central Committee to-day and by a
vote of 66 to 49 postponed the elec
tion of a new chairman to succeed D.
B. Falrley until the State convention
meets. This action was in opposition
to resolutions adopted by the recent
State convention, ' directing the com
mittee to elect W. S. Boynton chair
man at to-day's meeting.
Wolcott Faction Defeated.
Delegates to the county convention
were nominated as follows: M. E. Mal
colm, A. F. Ferguson, John D. Boyd,
F. W. Charles, James Larkln, Dr. J.
May. They, will be voted on August 9.
PALO ALTO, June 28. — A Repub
lican club was organized here to-night
and Officers chosen as follows: John
D. Boyd, president; S. W. Charles, vice
president; John Budfleld, treasurer;
Monroe H. Thomas, secretary. 1 Spirited
rivalry between the labor element and
the Citizens' Alliance for control of
the organization was manifested in the
preliminaries, f.he unions winning by
a decisive majority.
Republican Club nt Pnlo Alto.
man. Maryland's member of the Na
tional Democratic Committee and a
friend of Gorman, said to,niRht that
Senator Gorman's name would not be
presented to the St. Louis convention.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1904.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
rfept 'fffftt I i5J^m iSm3 e*&u jijjh?] Jfjafj J|E!'*V3iiVsJiy'_
Science, art*, genius, mechanical skill, all con-
tribute to our incomparable display. The best,
selection and most perfectly appointed department*
on the Coast. Your Credit Is Good. " Nuf-ced."
T_T_ _1 TT_l_ T _to Modern designs, effective colorings. (Nl g £»
W 001 V elVelS Some very choice patterns. Ready Jfo g I J\
— — — — to walk on, per yard
Lowell Bigelow Body Brussels SS?.?%2
— a ' Cfl Off
good old weave is too well known to require further descnp- H £ *J
tion. No carpet made as durable. Per yard T*
Smith's Saxony Axmmsters guBfi" i&£
very choice patterns. A weave that fa too well known to need J^ I S T^
lengthy description. Price, per yard t*
Bigelow Axmmsters l&£L^°Qi'*TS
designs. Each pat- Jfe 8 *-}+)
tern is a chef-d'oeuvre of the carpet designer's art. Per yard *r *
t •__ ..-^ Best ground cork and linseed oil. Some effec- <^ g* ~^
JLIXIOIC VIII tivc patterns. Per square yard -irlfi
r *" .*.".;" /">¦, v-.
p A «»/{* r*>»MvkA« Sanitary and moth proof, reversi- €\ P -^
tOllagC Carpet ble. Each side a different pattern. Z^tt
— — ¦—^"— —^-*— Per yard # . .. ¦¦^^ v
China Matting -a^sSafSS: |22C
" "" ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ V
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ij ¦¦¦— „— -¦,!, .i^r;., M
$fe^». French Dressing. ha
Ail" 1 °«V/rj Materials : —Four, tablespoonfuls AH$^
r^ a g*sf^j i** oFu-J olive oil, one tablespoonful vinegar
— "il-LfSf^w^sJwf; or lemon juice, half teaspoonful SJjIq
. -"^^g^v^y 'vy sa "» 1 uirtcr teaspoonful pepper. SsSJIh
Lest & Per rinsN
. a
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
Seasoning! — A simple salad is so delightfully improved by the •
addition of a tablespoonful of Lea C& Perrins' Sauce
that no French Dressing should be sent to the table
- without it. i -
JOIUI DUNCAN'S SONS, Ajtnu, NEW YORK..SALOON-KEEPER ROBBED.— W. P. Price,
saloonkeeper. 1201 Point Lobos avenue, re
pcrted to the police yesterday that while the
saloon was In charge, of- James Harking on
Monday afternoon a burglar entered and ran
sacked his livlntr apartments. -A, buckskin
purse containing $100 in gold and a ring was
stolen trom a drawer in . the kitchen table.
The burglar ¦ made his exit ¦ by the rear door,
which he unbolted. Price cave the police a
ciew. "* ¦ ¦ .
SANTA CRUZ, June 28. — A project
is on foot to saddle the San Lorenzo
River for the purpose of furnishing
power for the Co-operative Light
Company. The plan is to build a dam
above the solid granite ledge just be
low the big trees. The power-houses
are to be erected at Rincon Flat and
the water will be carried in a flume
from the dam to the power-houses and
discharged again into the channel
above the powder works property.
Project on Foot to Divert the Waters
for Light and Power
Purposes. .
PROPOSE TO HARNESS
SAN LORENZO RIVER
A marriage for love may end in a
separation through want of it
SAN JOSE, June 28.— All the canner
ies of this valley are now running on
apricots and peaches, which the warm
weather of the last ten days has
ripened very rapidly. Apricots are sell
ing at from $25 to $37 50 per ton, the
latter figure being, obtained for good
quality fruit running eight to the
pound. The first sale of cling peaches
reported was a lot of eleven tons,
which sold at $52 per ton. Immediately
following -another sale of clings
brought $62 per ton at one of the local
canneries. The price of clings has
ranged as .low as $35 per ton delivered,
thefruit, however, being below the av
erage. Freestones are offered at from
$20 to $27 50. The peach crop is better
this season than last. \ All the canner
ies are now increasing their forces and
the season will be at its height in a
couple of weeks.
Peaches and . Apricots Are Being
, Canned and Full Force Will
Soon Be Employed.
FRUIT SEASON OPENS
IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY
It was some time before the remains
could be taken from under the wheels.
In the meantime the Coroner was noti
fleld. Dempsey was 23 years old.
SAN RAFAEL, June 28. — Elmore
Dempsey, a young man who for the
last three weeks has been living at
Corte Madera, was killed last night at
Larkspur'' by the electric suburban
train.
The train was pulling out of the sta
tion shortly after 9 o'clock when Demp
sey made an effort to board it. He suc
ceeded in grasping the railing on the
front of the rear coach, but his footing
was lost and he was thrown under the
wheels and mangled. Death was in
stantaneous. Screams of . bystanders
alarmed the conductor and the train
was brought to a sudden stop. Before
the body could be ' extricated it was
necessary to shut off the current.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Elmore Denipsey Is Killed
at Larkspur in Attempt
ing to Board Moving Train
CAR CRUSHES
OuT HIS LIFE
BAKERSFIELD, June 28.— Mrs. Lu
cile Baker -was fatally burned at net
home in this city as a result of the ex
plosion of a can of kerosene. She was
about to kindle a fire and was saturat
ing the wood with oil when the explo
sion occurred.
Burned by Kerosene Explosion.
pletlon of the country's forest lands.
The proposed enlargement of reserves
is intended to preserve Indefinitely
large forest areas with object of pre
serving the water supply, equalizing
the climate and stopping the destruc
tion of forest lands by incursions of
sheep and Angora goats.
DEPLETION OF FORESTS
ALARMS GOVERNMENT
Steps Will Be Taken to Protect the
Reserves of Pacific Coast.
States.
Tompkins says the Government experts
are much alarmed over the rapid de-
TACOMA, Wash., June 28.— The Bu
reau of Forestry has sent H. J. Temp
kins West, to examine lands recom
mended for Inclusion in the forest re
serve of Washington, Oregon and Cali
fornia. They amount approximately to
three and a half million acres in Wash
ington, a million and a half acres in
Oregon and a million in California.
PORTLAND, Or., June 28. — High
water in the Snake River tore away
the embankment of the Oregon Rail
road and Navigation tracks near Pago,
twenty-two miles from Walla Walla,
early. this morning and the keen eye
of a track walker alone saved the
Spokane-Portland flyer from the
ditch.- .The 200 passengers on the
train did not learn of their great peril
until to T day. At this point on the
road what was once a canyon had
been filled in to avoid crossing on a
trestle. The treacherous waters of
the Snake River had gradually eaten
Into the bank so that when the track
walker came by a hole thirty feet
long and fifteen feef deep had been
made. , *¦
River Undermines Track, but Discov
ery Is Made Before Train
Arrives.
TRACK WALKER SAVES
TRAIN FROM WRECK
Miss Brown graduated from Stanford
in 1902, since which time she has been
State secretary of the Toung Women's
Christian Association. During her col
lege life she took an active part in
student affairs. /
The groom was* a member of the
class of 1903 and was one of the best
known students on the campus. For
a year or more he was at the head of
the students' employment bureau and
during the past year he was secretary
of the Stanford Young Men's Christian
Association. He is a writer of ability
and his productions have appeared in
college publications and magazines. A
series of articles in the Youth's Com
panion were well received. He has
recently been appointed by the Presby
terian mission as missionary to the
Indians at Fall River Mills, In the
mountains of Shasta County.
PALO ALTO, June 28.— Herbert F.
Coolidge and Miss Harriet H. Brown
were quietly married this morning at
the home of the bride's mother, Mrs.
E. Woodward Brown, 412 Cowper street,
Palo Alto, the ceremony being per
formed by Rev. C. E. Smith of the
Presbyterian church. Only the imme
diate relatives of the bride were pres
ent. \
Herbert F. Coolidge and Miss Harriet
Brown Are Married In Palo
Alto.
COURTSHIP AT COLLEGE
ENDS IN A WEDDING
"In the Valley of the Sunny San
Joaquin," a new and original and very
pretty song, words by J. Gordon Tem
ple and music by James G. Dewey, is
to be played on the California made
pianos in the California building at
the St. Louis World's Fair. The song
will also be sung by a California vo
calist.
California Song for the Fair.
SAN BERNARDINO, June 28.— A
sensation was caused here to-day when
it was know that Polina Garcia, the
nineteen-year-old son of a leading
Spanish resident of this county, who
lives at the Kentwood ranch, some ten
miles from here, had eloped with pret
ty Vlncentia Trujillo, a child who is
only 14 years of age, the daughter of
a well-known resident of this city.
The parents of the child had objected
to the match, and It was learned to
day that yesterday the boy had drawn
all of the money due him by the rail
road company. Footprints under the
window of the girl's bedroom told the
story this morning, and the Sheriff's
office is looking for the pair, who were
last seen about midnight, walking
hand in hand along the Santa Fe track.
Fourteen- Year-Old Lass Escapes
From a Window and Elopes
With Boy Sweetheart.
STEALS SENORITA IN
TRUE SPANISH STYLE
ST. LOUIS. June 28. — The follow
ing Californians are registered at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition:
San Francisco— Florence P. Morrison. Henry
H. Reid, F. J. Mayhens. Mrs. F. J. Mayhens,
E. R. Fraser, H. A. Wossler, Mr. and Mrs.
A. J. Cook. A. Knopf, James Mazean, J. A.
Hall. Anna Devoyer. H. Herbert Steele. A.
W. Fisk. A. J. McCord, Bertha V. De&derick,
Emlle Boesch. C. Crackbon. Bertha R. Crack
bon.
Los Angeles — Miss L». Symonds. F. M.
Ahearn. S. Ldntunler, Miss C. T. Waddllove,
E. L. Parker, John Roberts, R. E. Goodrich,
Mme. R. E. Goodrich. C. J. Donaldson, P. N.
"Willey. Mrs. F. E. Willey, M. P. Scanlan, P.
Harnett Johanna Slaney, G. W. Fitzroy. Mr.
and Mrs. M. E. Johnson. M. N, Eskey. James
Siauson. G. G. Johnson, Mrs. H. L. Macnell,
Miss M. Macnell, 8. Macnell.
Oakland— Mrs. M. M. Twombly. Miss O. M.
Twombly, Mrs. F, W. Payne, J. W. Leavltt,
E. M. Gibson. H. Wemrner.
Fresno — W. O. Miles. Mrs. W. B. Forman.
Stockton — C. D. GnoDOrt. R. B. Cullahan
and wife. Rose Gnekow.
Berkeley— F. L. Place. Miss M. Pierce,
Clara B. GlllesDle, D. Winter.
San Jose — A. C. Teeple, Mrs. A. C Teeple,
J. L.. Myers and wife.
Riverside — C. A. Cosby.
Pasadena — Paul B. Waterhous*.
San DleKO — A. Coffeen.
lAkeport — J. Banko.
Raymond — E. R. Plerson.
Sacramento — D. W. Kleinhana and wife,
Mrs. Flora.
Whlttler — George Flanders.
Modoc — G. A. Dulso and wife.
San Bernardino — J. G. Roble. Mrs. 1*. It.
Roble. «.
San Pedro— N. VT. Tllton and wife. ;
linden — F. A. Gurnsey.
San Luis Oblspo — Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Burke.
Ontario— Miss F. H. IJndley. A. B. Price.
Many Cnlifornlans Register at N the
St. Louis Exposition.
WEST WELL REPRESENTED.
TACOMA, Wash., June 28.— The local
management -of the Sunset Telephone
Company is fighting the efforts of an
Independent company to secure a tele
phone franchise. Among other things
the Sunset Company has secured a pe
tition signed by more than 700 business
men asking the City Council to refuse
the franchise because of the extra cost
Imposed upon the business public.
Last Friday H. D. Kendall, an em
ploye of the Sunset Company, disap
peared along with the petition named.
After several days' search Manager
Sands of the Sunset Company located
Kendall last night and insisted upon
recovery of the lost petition. Kendall
led : the way to the room of Frank Mor
timer, an employe of the independent
company, and they took the missing
petition from a space between the
walls in a section of the Jones building
which Is seldom visited.
The petition had been hidden there.
The document was turned over to
Sands. Kendall and Mortimer were ar
rested, charged respectively with grand
larceny and receiving stolen property.
Sands has not yet determined whether
he will prosecute.
Sunset Telephone Employe Sells a
Document to Competitors and
Is Arrested.
DISPOSES OF PETITION
TO RIVAL CONCERN
E; r-ci:.: Dispatch to The CaJl,
• STOCKTON. June 2S.— A sensational
cimtest was begun here this afternoon
in the estate of Ross C. Sargent, the
millionaire pioneer of San Joaquin
County, who died June 15, 1903. Bertha
Fhepard, better known as Bertha
Freshman of San Francisco, who
claims that the dead pioneer promised
to make her his wife, altrough he was
£2 and she was but 19 years of age, al
leges that Safsent left a will and that
he made her an heiress to the extent
cf $50,000.
MIbs Shepard filed a petition in the
Buperior Court to-day alleging that the
millionaire left an olographic will
•which, however, is not in her posses
sion. Ehe alleges that execution of said
will ean be proven by at least two
creditable witnesses. The petitioner
prays that the order appointing J. P.
Sargent and Mattie Sargent Wilber
forc» administrator and administratrix
be revoked, all other proceedings in
va"Acted and that the Judge receive
proof of the existence of a will; that
the said ¦Rill be established and ad
mitted to probate. A. C. Bane of San
Francisco is her attorney and the peti
tion was filed by C. L. M. Bartlet, who
represents Bane.
To a Call representative Mr. Bartlett
¦*!&:*
'1 'regret very much that a scandal
xnust be produced, but we propose to
pee that Miss Shepard gets what is
coming to her. There can be no ques
tion • but Mr. Sargent Intended
to marry her and we anticipate no
difficulty in proving the existence of
the will, although we haven't it in our
•possession."
. Miss Freshman, as she is known
here, lived in the millionaire's house
hold and he was known to think a
meat deal of her, but it was always
thought to be the affection of a father
toward a daughter. Sargent paid lav
ishly for Miss Freshman's mainten
ance and education.
HORSES HAVE NARROW
ESCAPE FROM FIRE
Firecracker Starts a Blaze That Con
sumes Many Stalls at San Jose
Race Park.
SAN JOSE, June TS. — Two blocks of
Etalls were destroyed by fire" at Agri
cultural Park at noon to-day. The
Fta'ls are along the west side of Race
.streef, between Park avenue and Santa
Clara street. A blaze was discovered
ifcFuing from a stall near Park avenue
anti in forty minutes sixty stalls had
bten destroyed. The fire is believed to
have started from a firecracker thrown
in °the stall by some boy. There were
about ten horses in the stalls, belonging
to J. N. Minor, T. Cabrey, H. Hoga
boom and W. Jones of Modesto. All the
animals were removed Just in time, and
Jr» doing so some of the stablemen had
their hair and clothes singed by the
£re. • In loss than ten minutes the two
blocks of stalls were a roaring furnace.
As > there Is no water supply in the
neighborhood for a time it was feared
that some houses across the street
wqjild catch fire and burn. The loss on
the stalls will be about 51000. Of the
horsemen H. Hogaboom is the heaviest
loser, about $200 worth of harness and
trappings being destroyed.
CAMERA CLUB AT FAIR.
San Francisco Organization Revels in
Snapshot Fiesta at Exposition.
CALL BUREAU, WORLDS FAIR.
ST. LOUIS, June 28. — Thirty-two
members of the San Francisco Cam
era Club, under the leadership of W.
J. Street, have swooped down on the
World's Fair and are reveling in a
snapshot fiesta that will result In a
photographic panorama of the fair
when the negatives are developed. The
Camera Club delegation is making its
headquarters at the San Francisco
building. In one corner of which the
club has a display of photographs.
These represent scenes in and about
San Francisco, Including some strik
ing "bay views.
J. W. Erwln, who was president of
the Camera Club four terms, is in
teresting many people by his lectures
at the San Francisco Hbuilding. His
years of devotion to amateur photog
raphy have resulted in the production
of many excellent views that illus
trate the commercial greatness and
the scenic grandeur of San Francisco
and also the State at large and the
finest reproductions of these are made
on the screen.
The buildings of the model city are
attracting as many people as any
others on the ground in comparison
to size. There are two good reasons
for this. One is that they are locat
ed next the Lindell boulevard en
trance, perhaps the most prominent of
the exposition, and the other that they
represent important centers of popu
lation, the people of which are anx
ious to see them. ; Scarcely any person
who visits one of these buildings fails
to enter the others. San Francisco
makes the prettiest exhibit of any.
Her building has been thronged each
day since it opened and the attend
ance increases dally. George P. Wil
comb and Mr. Erwin are both kept
busy attending to the \isitors and sup
plying information. It will be several
days before the final work is done on
the exhibit.
HUNDREDS OF VISITORS.
The few days that the building has
been open have been sufficient to
show that San Francisco is fortunate
to be represented in the model city
and that if the work is carried along
In the^-proper manner the coast me
tropolis will be given one of the most
beneficial advertisements it has ever
had. Hundreds of visitors make in
quiry especially about the sea voyage
to the Orient, the Antipodes, Hawaii
and the South Sea Islands, and they
all show deep interest in everything
else San Franciscan.
The University of California Glee
Club, which has sung at the San Fran
cisco and State buildings several
times, has made a hit at the fair and
visitors strive for opportunities to
hear it. The stv.Ient singers will soon
be home in California. They took
trips on the lagoon two or three nights
and the much talked of "singing gon
doliers" had to wrap their moth-eaten
voices up those nights and remain
mute, while the crowds in the boats
kept in the wake of the university
singers and Instrumentalists. On the
Pike the boys have been swept into
shows by pleased managers, who have
enjoyed their singing outside.
The building for the Benguiat col
lection of Persian fabrics and old world
relics that is coming from San Fran
cisco will soon be under way. Mordecal
Benguiat, who is superintending the
work. Is receiving every assistance
from the fair management, which is
anxious to have the exhibit installed
as soon, as possible, as it deems it an
attractive feature.
TEACHERS ARRIVE.
An excursion from Southern and Cen
tral California with which was a Fres
no party of fifty people, mostly teach
ers of that county, has arrived. The
teachers were looked after by C. L.
McLane, Superintendent of Schools of
the city of Fresno. He was accom
panied by his wife and daughter. Hun-
¦ HAS HER WATCH STOLEN.— Mrs. J. T.
Reyliold* of Visalla reported to the poltc* yes
terday that her Roid watch, valued at 125,
issVi been stolen from hpr while she was xvalk
lnj: alon* Kearny or Montgomery street on
i!cn<lay afternoon. The wau-h vai pinned on
her brrart. It li supposed that a. sneak thief
fcrrmprlated the timepiece.
RICHiY REWARDED FOR
HIS FIVE. YEARS' LABOR
BUner Returns FYom Nome With
*. $130,000 Taken From One'
* . . Claim.
TACOMA, Wash., June 28. — James B.
formerly engaged in steamboat
ing between White Horse and Dawson,
has arrived from Nome with 5130,000,
taken from claim No. 3. on Dry Creek,
c few miles back of Nome.
Wood has spent five years In the
north sec-king gold. After purchasing a
claim • on Dry Creek he sank three
Fhafts, finding a bedrock pay streak at
clnety-sevcn feet, some of the dirt run
ning $20 per pan. He installed hoisting
and constructed several miles of
ditches to bring in water. All last win
ter, he had a force of twenty-six men
taking out dirt, using 80,000 feet of tim
.ber to support shafts and drifts. With
the opening of the sluicing season six-
teen 'men were able to shovel in dfrt
worth several thousand dollars daily.
FRESNO, June 28.— A little romance
of the sunny skies of Italy has just
been told in which 18-year-old Marie
Trombeer plays the principal part.
Marie has been in America but a few
weeks. While in her native land she
and L. Imperatrice had plighted troths
and parted, he to come' to America to
seek his fortune and later to send for
her. But It was a case of "out of sight,
out of mind," and she soon found .an
other lover. He t^o came to America
and both located in Fresno.
She corresponded with • . both, but
really cared for Skelto, It seems, for it
has become known that they formed a
plan to have her come to America on
the money, sent by Imperatrice, and
once here, she would wed her true love.
Marie came and. was met by Impera
trice, who wished to hasten the mar
riage, but was refused. His Italian
blood was soon boiling and he sought
revenge. He won over her brother-in
law, who attempted to force Marie into
the wedding with the "man she did not
love, but whose money she . had used
by false pretenses. She was fast in
her resolve and even a beating did not
cause her to flinch. .. M. Gatto, the
brother-in-law, was arrested to-day on
a cruelty charge.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Maiden's Relative Uses Lasli
in Behalf of Old Beau
and the Case Is in Court
Maiden Declares That the
Octogenarian Promised to
' Make Her His Wife
rKEPAHEI) TO FIGHT
The only place to which the general
public w*s not invited was the wine
temple. Hopes extended across the
openings to this, and inside chicken
sandwiches, fruit salads and the rarest
of California vintages were served to
the special guests, including Governor
Pardee^and President Francis. Com
missioner Haber was master of cere
monies here and it was announced that
the excellence <jf the salads was due to
his skill.
Wilson of Los Angeles (chairman),
Colonel R. M. Green of -Oroville,. Mrs.
S. Ehman of Chico, Theodore Gier of
Oakland, C. W. Merritt of Santa Bar
bara; Lewis E. Aubury. State Mineral
ogist; Ferdinand A. Haber of San
Francisco, in charge of the wine dis
play of the State. Each member wore a
neat yellow badge and all worked with
the fullest energy to see that none of
the visitors was in any way slighted.
NUMBER ONE PAYS FARE
The ostrich plumes shown in the Los
Angeles exhibit hold a crowd of ladles
daily. They are of beautiful variety
and perfectly curled and to the femin
ine sex they are a great attraction. ..
Through the Republican convention
at Chicago, Just ended, and the Demo
cratic gathering of the same nature to
be held here in a few days, the throng 1
of Californians at the exposition has
been greatly augmented. There Is a
steady influx now from the farther
West. St. Louis is more easily reached
by the people of the coast than Is Chi
cago—at least it seems closer to them
— and more Pacific Coast dwellers are
likely to a.ttend this fair than visited
that at Chicago. Besides times are
better now and the average person has
more money to spend on amusement.
The Tokay grape industry in the
northern part of San Joaquin County
is the subject of much inquiry. Henry
F. Ellis of the Stockton and San Joa
quin county display answers many
questions dally about this region,
which is famed for its productiveness,
as are the reclaimed lands below Stock
ton. Stories of the wonderful crops of
Tokays, watermelons and fruits of the
Lodl and Woodbrldge region and of
potatoes, chicory and asparagus on the
lowlands find many interested hearers.
Commissioner Brown and his assistant,
Mr. Ellis, give every par£ of their
county the fullest representation. The
exhibit Is made up of products from
every part of San Joaquin and none
better are shown in the California sec
tion. Many strangers have expressed
their Intention of paying Stockton a
visit.
dreds of California teachers will soon
be here to attend the National Educa
tion Association Convention. .
Rev. Duncan Wallace of Fresno Is
visiting the fair on his way. home from
Dallas, Texas, where he has been at
tending the General Assembly of* the
Cumberland Presbyterian church. He
secured next year's meeting of the As
sembly for Fresno. It will bring about
1000 visitors to that city.
Canteloupes from Los Angeles and
peaches from the Sacramento Valley
have aided for several days In the em
bellishment of California's exhibit.
ed, but Brings a Substitute
Italian Lass Comes to Amer
ica to Wed First Betroth-
Lert ha Shepard Begins Suit
to Secure a Part of the
Late Ross Sargent's Estate
Continued From Page 1, Column .4.
President of Fair and Commissioners Speak in Glow
ing Terms of the Wonderful Resources of the
Golden State and Its Remarkable Display
FORGETS LOVER
BUT NOT LUCRE
WANTS AN OLD
MAN'S MONEY
GLORIES OF CALIFORNIA
WIN WORDS OF PRAISE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, - 1904.
5
' APVEBTISElOarTak ¦¦¦¦¦ _^ :
JSS9 sm7 B Every woman covets a
loss of their girlish forma
All of this can be avoided,
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, am this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from the
ose of this wonderful
s"v 1 • Bur s&Sr saV fix #3f JPf «5f Em fcJjTJ £3 •5l*^S
.book,- telling all about . . .. t^^m m ' ' " M
thii liniment, will be sent free. jT^nAflif^ £&*M fihM
Tte BnfflsM Bsaiatsr Ca.. iUX te. B MB$B?BM$$
THE EMPORIUM. ( THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
H * * ' 'x
I Fireworks of All Descriptions f
*» Special Fi?'eworks Department — -Second Floor, near Elevators r
I r , f
I Battenberg Covers ana Squares L Off ?
*f They are slightly soiled from window and counter display, but a third off will pay for clean- j»
% ing them several times over. Every piece is. a beauty. Some are all lace; some have linen cen- jj
j£ ters. There are round pieces and squa/e pieces— Table Covers, Bureau Scarfs, Sideboard Covers, 'x
*/ etc.— and beginning; to-day these new prices: j»
J» " 53c pieces . . . . . -35O Jl.co piecrs. . ..$1,33 $4.00 pieces. . . $2m67 fa.co pieces . . .$6»OO 5
I : MiS!S£&:;.3?8 JtS-g^^fiSS *$»%£&*& *w|rii>«gw 5
K Si.so p:ece«. . . . $1.OO $3.50 pieces. . . $2m34- 1 6. 00 pieces. . .$4mOO $20.00 pieces . .$13.33 £
$£ CENTER AISLE -- CENTER AISLE £
I Toilet Sets, Scarfs, Shams at 19c \
*? Worth up to 50c each; at 19c, to-day's sale price, no excuse for having mussy bureaus X
•>* Swiss Toilet Sets— Consisting of 54-inch Scart and Pin Cushion/ Embroidered Lawn Scarls — And Shams; jr
If Cover, of good Swiss, in plain colors and some floral designs; scarfs 54 inches long, shams 32 inches **
af These have red, pink, blue or green linings; are worth 35c to square, embroidered in pretty conventional . x
% 50c each — to-day oniy ...... 19c designs, white and colors; worth 35c and '*
% Shams — As above, also to-day 19o S oc «ch» to-day only 19o •!£
5 CENTER AISLE CENTER AISLE ft
i ¦- ¦. •;
I Braids ana Wash Waists 78c %
*T m gt% ES** $&&*^r% !na PPy »pecial for Wednesday and Thursday if X
j£ LaCeS mSCj &C *£r?^if quantities last — less than 500 assorted Wash £
j£ 2000 dozen Mohair, Hercules and \LJr Waists of English percales, lawns and madras jj
K Soutache Braids; also a va- effects, in all popular colors tnd white — values up X
t riety of Lace Galloons, in /C^§C§bv to 1 1.75 each, all at one enticing sale a 9€% g% J
* blackj.white, brown, navy and /IKo§2^\ P»«; for the two days #OC* X
t rre^edtrtTi^in^w^'rnd ifWVm Dr&SS Skirts $5.50 %
; •[ wash dresses — are divided into / f \^Z> i In 100 only of these choice black Dress Skirts — eta- X
*> two lots to-day and marked i"^ • *v^ mine, cheviot and serges; some plainly tailored, %
j£ at these extraordinary special U 1^ S&jtftu ~ others trimmed with narrow bands or folds of
«f prices. Those that were taffeta^ silk; would bs very cheap at $6.50 and X
i I2}4c yard for - 3c Jnfe^?\»W $7-oo—*\i at one price . . . —*+ J
« * 25c yard for -. - 5o : SS^fT W'^W $
K CENTER AISLE . %^(w SUIT DEPT., SECOND FLOOR $
I Sale Boys' Pants To- Day 29c Pair \
*. I Sizes for 3 to 16 years — strong pants to stand the vacation knocks. Do not J
f expect better than the 50c quality, but just as good. juvenile clothing dept. x
.5 ========== S
| SaleMasonJars,Tins,Tunthlejrs,etc. |
J The lowest prices ever quoted in California for fruit-preserving utensils J
Jf To-day only Mason Fruit Jars «« 6kL±az W ' x Strin * s "~ To ieal canS; *5 C boxe> » BMla y onl r *«
*i these extraordinary special cut prices. y 4g£||glx _. • • • • • * • • ".'"'•.¦ ; " ; '®° •
%' —. , , r • l u i (Pi Win -4\ Tin Fruit Cans— The best grade, hand mad?, well «J
tf These are the best quality, with smooth ' [f'UJ\ ft^^^ soldered, guaranteed not to leak; to-day only \
J top and porcelain lined eaps. 1 njMU 45o pint sizo, dox . . 38o 5
£ Pints, dozen. . .38c fi/^K'fd^^Si 5Oc quart size, doz 38o °<*
* Quarts, dozen 48o tf^a»iL-i iSHSSl 75 ° 2maU si * G > dox s °o *
£ % Gals., dozen . . 65O WflM ffi H Fruit Or Pr«s-Th= well-known Heine, pre», *
i Jelly Tumblers— Large size, smooth top, \ kj ]». Vft fl jffll iffi non-rustable; will squeeze anything in the fruit or *
*? tin covers, regular- 40c dozen, to-day 1 p l| i/^j"' 1 .fsflMnll agitable line; regularly 35c each; to-day oniy . r J
£ only, dozen 25c \^^LJXMm • • 22o %
JC CROCKERY DEPT. '^ffi^jp' HOUSEFURNISHING DEPT. %
I ================== 3
I $1.25 Hammocks 69c Boys' Overalls 2Oc *
. *f YouMI never get better hammock values than these. And sizes for boys up to 14 years. Did you ever hear -5
l£ Compare the. 69c ones with the best $1.25 hammocks of such a ridiculously low price. Come early to-day X
•£ in town; compare the best 98c ones with the best $1.50 before the size you want is gone. Brown bib over- j{
jf hammocks. alls, well made, strong and durable; sizes 5 to 14 X
K 80-inch Cotton Hammock — In pretty colorings, with T«"; »nd boys* blue and wh r te striped drill oreralls; sizes 4 to S 'J
; ** pillow and concealed spreader at head, short spreader *<*"> worth douole, Wednesday's special sale price, each 2Qo X
* at foot, deep fringed valance, $ 1. 2 5 value, to-day 69o \ FURNISHING GOODS DEPT. £
t' 80-inch Colored Cotton Hammocks — Strong canvas ===== *
5 weave, pillow and concealed spreader and extra 1 foot Bltti UUilOrS I
£ bar, 51.50 value, special to-day 98c • "• 'J
t SECOND FLOOR For w «*"«sday and Thursday «
f ===== Royal BaKing Powder— 1-lb. tin$, Ib. $
I Sale Cushion Covers oiivVoV-BeVti : mpVrted."^ g Vi.*tin;vv;*. sso |
j» Some pretty effects made from sample ends tapestry, Java and Mocha Coffee — O° r finest quality, lb. *29o *
** velour and damask, plain back, tassel in corner; sizes Ghirardelli's Cocoa — J^-'b. tins . . . . '. . 20o X
jf 20 and 24 inches; at from one-third to one-half less Condensed Cream — Lily, Carnation or Pet, 3 tins 25o •
j£ than regular values; three lots: Bacon — Best Eastern sugar cured, lb . .... 16o •*
*»* 29c Cushion Covcrs,20O— 59c Cushion Covers, 39o National Club or Silverdell Bourbon, Gai., $3,15; %
u 79c, 89c Cushion Covers 49° bottle » 75o 5
»> Table Covers— Tapestry, Oriental and floral patterns, Geneva Red Cross Gin— Bottle ....... S3o . *
{» heavy quality, heavily fringed, 2 yards Cabernet — Margeau or Chabis, 6-year-oid wines, worth >|
K squarcjvalue J2. 50, special price to-day, cz.&] m S5 $1.50, gal. .. . . . ; 8O0 *
IS Table Covers — Self colored Armure, 2 yards square, Apricot Brandy — A choice cordial, bottle . . . 8O0 x
j£| fringed all around; red and green colors; very special Cocktails — Club Brand, Whisky, Manhattan, Vermouth, 3
•>' to-dav. each ... ... 95& Gin, bottle 97 O X
i CENTER AISLE GROCERY DEPT. J
i Pin-Ton Hose I ma. I Bernaldo Italian ?
J! Supporters, 16c JY/ jCr x J+ Castile Soap jj
g Good frilled clastic, patent jr££ C? JfckY&A- ***£*& Large bars, lathers freely. X
\ button fasteners, black rCSaI " 2 ° C *"' W ' d ~ *
J and colors, 25c values, California's » *~~~— M " l " nesday only . .J
*° to-day 16C nmmt*W8&3B& g^ a^^^ 13C X
*C CENTER AISLE S AMERICA'S GPANDEST STORS CENTER AISLE -J
as ' ' x
•*'A4'A'**A 'A'4'4"*'*"*'A WW«W, **'*'+*'* WrtflrtlHit fc fcWaH +A+ 'A'+'AWAA'* *A'A*'AA'ATA'A'A'A 'A*AMCA'A*A IA'aWaKa'A 'A*Ai*'A'*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free X=Ray Examination i Treatment
£M* \ '. All persons call-
Ep^ *3*v «w0%k. * n^» at Electro-
jl 4»^r^3 Wr*&\r*L ""17 1 w '^ e gi ven a * ree
U --L X~R a y examination
.v s / A>^f\ j6^^^^^^{/^\\ and dia S nosis - A
* K S U^^-fi r&° \ / tr uthful and sincere
r Jy^s\^1 \ vft^ifc^ - ijt7 \r °P inion wi !l be
c^ *~?^\ X \^ m\ ' ~f ET i^* \ given in all cases.
V#^V-V \ *\ ft7r\Mc //" Curable diseases
'/iiUvVv t\ \ a J 1 T TFv/vC / given a free
CM .[ 7^" S \ >J V^ ( treatment.- No in-
/( / \ %/ y ' ;". - curable cases will
yAj~^ J V{: be undertaken. Call
no charge.
Electro-Chemistry cures painlessly and without operation Consumption, Can-
cer, Catarrh, Deafness. Rheumatism, Flstnla. Paralysis, Locoractor Ataxia, Asth-
ma and Bronchial Troubles. Piles. Nerv ons Diseases, Skin and Blood- Diseases
and the Special Diseases of Men and Women.
WRITE JOB HOME TREATMENT IP YOU 1IVE AT A DISTANCE. ~
THE ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE, !**™£L£&WALKER MUST STAND TRIAL.— The Su
preme Court yesterday reversed the order of
the Superior Court setting aside" the Informa
tion against Charles B- Walker. . who Is ac
cused of embexallng $53 from the Chicago
Crayon Company. The complaint on which
\\alker was arraigned In the Police Court
differed considerably from the information and
the defendant maintained that he should Ua
aet free by reason of this error.
SACRAMENTO. June 28. — Acting
Governor Anderson has appointed the
following board of directors of the
Women's Relief Corps Home Associa
tion at. the Evergreen: Geraldine
Frisbie of Palo Alto, H. Augusta To
zer of San Francisco, Lottie M. Win
ans of Petaluma, Sarah W. Farwell of
Oakland and Elizabeth Kinne of San
Francisco.
Acting Governor Chooses Members
From San Francisco, Oakland,
. Petaltuna and Palo Alto.
DIRECTORS OF WOMEN'S
RELIEF CORPS CHOSEN
Jonas. F. J. Lea. A. H. Schlueter. H. G WI1
llamp. \\ liber Walker. E.. A. Youn*. W B
Hlnchman, M. M. Hoffman. F. W. Sharoe' H'
Hauser. J. C. Darneal. Thomas Pearson Dr
J. L.. Mayon. CraiRle Sharpe, J. j Naeele
D. Crowley. A. Dodjte Coplln. Paul J. Carroll'
£ r 'r/ # £? r " n £ eas < f . •»• »• Jordan. John T. Bell
C. K. King. K. A. Sherman, A. O. Bell
Parade — G. W. Arper (chairman) Herman
Gard, S., C. Hodgkins. Dr. J. U jiayon i D
Crowley. D. ,J.. Hallahan. J. J. Naesle C K
King. F J. Lea. Cralglo Sharpe. A. tfcdge
Coplln. George Hoffman. H. C Coward T J
Thompson. F. Baumgartner. W. II. Smith ' H*
G. Williams, i. F. W. Sohst *"¦»"'. «•
Flnance-rTheo Gier (chairman). A. Jonas A
H. Schlueter. J. P. Taylor. D. Crowley. George
Hoffman. William. J. Laymance.
Decoration— A. Jonas chairman).- H. M
Sanborn. E. F. Muller. F. M. Farwel! _E A*
Young, F.-.W. Sharpe, J. B. Jordan ' ' '
Press and advertising— H. G. William* (chair
man), Albert Currlln. J» J. Allen F. K Mott
E. P. Cook, Thcmas Pearson. J. C. Darneal '
Literary — J. T. Bell (chairman). Dr. J Ma
her. Dr. J. L. Mayon. P. M. Fisher. A. A Den
nlson, J. R. Scupham. E. A. O'Brien. *
Afternoon and evening — F. Sinclair Ohalr
man).A. G. ,Bell. M. M. Hoffman. W B
Hlnchman. W. G. Jurgens, Paul Carroll' F
G. Elben. W. B. Fawcett, H. C. Coward TV F*
Martin, A. Wilson. ¦ ¦ . .
Special reception committee — A. Jonas (chair
man). H. D. Cushing, A. H. Schleuter. W. H
Wellbye. R. M. Briare.
Ladles' refreshment" committee — Mrs Fran
cis 'A. Williamson' (chairman), Mrs. ' F. H
Drake, Mrs. Jennie K. Brown, f
*Aiameda Advancers' Plans.
ALAMEDA, June 28. — Efforts are
being made by the Alameda Advance
ment Association to ' induce the t City
Trustees to place .more lights on Park
street and a committee was named by
President. G. W. Scott of the organiz
ation to confer with the municipal
legislators next Wednesday night At
the request of the. Advancement Asso
ciation City Attorney M. W. Simpson
Is drafting an ordinance regulating
the keeping of poultry within the city
limits. : '¦'. ¦¦;-'; f
Union Elects Officers,
OAKLAND. June 2&. — The Cooks'
and Waiters' Alliance elected the fol-.
lowing officers last night: President,
Martin Gregovich; first vice president,"
W. H. Jensen; second vice president.
Miss Isabelle Papworth; secretary and
business agent, Peter C. Weber; treas
urer. J. Dekermark; inside guard, C.
Osterero; outside guard, Jack Pac
caesi; Inspector, A. Kornberg; board
of trustees — J. Cooper. C. Herkenham.
G. Ashton; delegates to the Provision
Council — C. W. McBride, H. Hol
lander, Peter C. Weber and J. Cooper."
For' members of the executive board,
of which two' were to be elected,- B.
.Sears was chosen and G. Boswie and
Edward Weir were tied. ..."
The Forty-eighth Assembly District
Club of the Union Labor party elected
the following officers and committees
•last night: Chairman, J. A. Mathews;
secretary, T. L. Holden; committee on
organization — T. L. Holden, J.I'B.
Crandall. L. O. Mathews; committee
on press — E. W. Knox, J. H. Lelter. C.
A. Sinclair; committee on finance —
Charles C. Cox, J. L- Pallnbaum, C. A.
Sinclair.
SENATOR LEAVrrr RETURNS.— Oakland.
June 28. — 6enator F. W. Eeavitt returned to
Oakland last ntfht after a tour through the
Lastern 8tate«, during which he vlelted New
York, Chlctjro, St. Louis and other large
ciUea. • A
Funeral of Brother Joseph.
OAKLAND, . June 28. — The funeral
of Brother Joseph of St. Mary's Col
lege was held to-day In the chapel of
the college at 10 a. m.' Rev. Father
Gleason_fcelebrate'd : solemn high mass
for the repose of the soul of the de
ceased, being assisted by Rev. Father
King. Rev. Father Cranwell and Rev.
Father Foley.
BERKELEY, June 28.— The Rev.
W. R. Hodgkins, a graduate of the
Divinity School of the Pacific at San
Mateo. has been appointed to the of
fice of curate of St. Mark's Episcopal
Church by the vestry. He will assist
the Rev. E. L. Parsons, rector of the
church, upon whom much additional
work has been heaped lately by the
growth of the congregation.
St. Mark's Selects Curate.
OAKLAND, June 28. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Francis H.
Dam, over 21, San Francisco, and Inez
Shtppeei over 1-8. Berkeley,*, Henry L.
Schumer, 23, and 'Frances Cohnreich,
29, both of San Francisco; Earl S.
Horsmon, 21, and Mae N. McBain, 21,
both of Oakland; Edward J. Wren,
over 21, San Francisco, and Gassie
Darrah, over 18, Berkeley; Frank'Con
over 4 2, San Francisco, and MaVy L.
Loveland,' . '23; ' of' San -Francisco;
Thomas R. Goth, over 21, and Kather
ine Brown, over 18, both of Oakland;
Anton Saysette, 23, San 'Francisco, and
Isabella Hariseri,' 21, Berkeley.
3Iarriaj;e Lleenseg.
ALAMEDA, June . 2S. — When Mil
ton Blake, known as "Jack the Swat
ter," appeared bafdre City Justice R.
B. Tappan to-day to be sentenced for
battery upon Miss Kate Cronin action
was deferred until Thursday morning
at the request of Fred W. Fry, attor
ney for the defendant. Justice Tap
pan said he believed Blake was a
moral pervert In need of medical at
tention. His Honor will confer with
the District Attorney as to what dis
position will be made of the guilty
youth.
Blnke's Sentence Deferred.
NEW ENGINE-HOUSE.— Oakland, June i*.
Councilman McAdam has Introduced an or
dinance in the City Council vhleh calls for
bids for the construction of a $lt>.0Ot> Ire »'"
glee-house at Forty-ninth street and San Pahlo
avenue. The bill has been referred to the Or
dinance and Judiciary Committee.
O'CAROLAN SOCIETY CONCERT.—Oak
land. June 28. — The O'Carolan Choral Society
clve a concert to-morrow even'nic at S*.
Mary's Hall, on the corner of Seventh and
Grove streets. The concert win commence at
9 o'clock. The programme is composed almost
exclusively of Irian music. *
FIRE DESTROYS BUILDING.— Oakland.
June 23. — Fire destroyed a dweltlft* at th«
corner of Twcnty-flrst a-vemnv and East Twen
ty-fourth street *t 1 :3l» o'clock thl» morninu.
The property belonged to the Wakefteld estat?
and was In the hands of renovators. Los*
•300ft.
BERKELEY, June 28. — Taking
umbrage at a number of students
smoking on the steps of old North Hall
at the University of California this,
morning a co-ed of the teacher per
suasion, indignant and puritanical, de
livered a piece of her mind. She de
clared it all an outrage and promised
to call upon the authorities to put a
stop to it. The identity of this femi
nine "home defender" is not revealed.
Tonjrue Lnshcs Student Smokers.
OAKLAND, June 28. — While pre
paring last night to cleen jars contain
ing gasoline, Mrs. C. P. Hedge; resid
ing: at 726 Eleventh street, and a Jap
anese servant were burned by the ex
plosion of the fluid. The vessels had
been placed too near a hot boiler, the
heat generating gas. Mrs. Hedge's
face and hands were singed and her
garments were scorched. The Japan
ese escaped with badly scorched hair.
The pair extinguished the flames them
selves. .....
Gasoline Explodes and the Flaming
Fluid Injures Mrs. C. P.'Hedge
and Japanese Domestic.
WOMAN AND HOUSE
SERVANT ARE BURNED
OAKLAND. June 28.— W. H.
Smith, the father of Charles H.
Smith, a well-known merchant of this
city, narrowly escaped death under
the wheels of a San Pablo avenue car
at Thirteenth and Broadway this af
ternoon. Mr. Smith, who Is 78 years
of age, was crossing the street toward
the store of his son when he was
struck by car 161 of the San Pablo
avenue line, in charge of .Motorman
Sherman.
The aged victim was knocked
downi but fortunately fell clear of the
car wheels, f-He was carried Into his
¦son's store and Dr. Larkey waa
called, who found Mr. Smith suffer
ing from a broken nose and a number
of cuts on the hands and arms. Af
ter his injuries were dressed he was
taken to his .residence, 530' Williams
street. - 7? *
\V. IL Smith Is Knocked Down and
Severely Injured In Crossing
Crowded Street.
BARELY ESCAPES DEATH
UNDER WHEELS OF CAR
ALAMEDA, June 28. — Oliver
O'Brien of 1110 Chestnut street waa
arrested last night by Policeman L.
W. Schroeder on complaint of his
wife. Mrs. O'Brien informed the of
ficer that her husband came home in
toxicated and after pulling her and
their six-weeks-old infant out c-f bed
proceeded to beat her. O'Brien was
charged with drunkenness and dis
turbing the peace and waa later re
leased on bail.
Wife Causes Husband's Arrest.
BERKELEY, June 28. — A move
ment is on foot to organize an Exempt
Firemen's Association in Berkeley,
composed of all the firemen who have
served with the town's volunteer de
partment since the old days when
they dragged the apparatus to fires
and fought desperately to win. The
first step in the direction of this or
ganization was taken last night when
A. L. Ott, a member of the North
Berkeley Fire Company, filed a request
with the Board of Trustees for per
mission to use an old piece of ap
paratus. It is proposed to decorate an
ancient hose cart and keep it as a
souvenir, around which the old fire
men will rally on gala days.
Start a Movement to Organize AH the
Volunteers of Berkeley ami Ask
for Anelent Ho«c Cart.
OLD FIREMEN PLANNING
EXEMPTS^ ASSOCIATION
Executive — D. C. Brown (chairman), G. W.
Aryer. H. C. Coward, F. G; Elben. F. M. Far
well, H. Gard, Tbeo Gier, George Hoffman, A,
The literary exercises will take place
at the Macdonough Theater in the
early part' of the afternoon, and Julius
Kahn, former Congressman from San
Francisco, will deliver the oration.
""In the afternoon there will be boat
races and aauatic sports of various
kinds on Lake Merritt, with bicycle
rao-e on the boulevard. These are In
the hands of the Pacific Amateur Ath
letic Association, the programme ¦ and
entries to bo announced later.
The day' will close with fireworks,
which will be displayed at the function
of Telegraph avenue and Broadway.
The following 'committees have "charge
of the day: '
No Fourth of Julv would be com
plete without a parade, and every ef
fort has been made to secure new fea
tures. H. N. Gard has been appointed
grand marshal, and George W. Arper,
who has served as grand marshal in
many previous. events of. a similar na
ture, has consented to act as chief of
staff. George H. Mason will" be chief
aid. There will be plenty of military,
for the Presidio will send a regiment
of infantry and a battery of field ar
tillery; the naval training station on
Goat Island will send a detachment of
apprentice boys,, while Mare Island will
contribute a- detachment of marines.
Troop A of the cavalry detachment of
the National Guard will be present. "It
will come from Berkeley on. Saturday
and will camp until Monday, when it
will take part in the Oakland parade.
Company A of the j Veteran Reserves
will also be out. The local companies
of the National Guard -will turn out in
force. :>¦••¦"•
In addition to all this there will be
Grand Army veterans, several uni
formed degree teams from the Mod
ern Woodmen of America, Piedmont
Parlor of Native Sons, a float of Na
tive Daughters, the Uniform Rank of
the U. P. E. C, the Alameda Hospital
Corps and the Cadets of the First Con
gregational Church. The League of the
Cross Cadets will turn out their' entire
First Regiment, consisting o.f seventeen
companies, with 1500 young men in line.
As soon as; the parade disbands the
battery of field artillery will move to
the banks of Lake Merritt and fire
the national salute — something that
has never been done in Oakland be
fore. . • . -
Not a moment of the day will be
lost. From early morning until late
at night something will be doing, from
the military parade in the morning to
the. fireworks in the evening.
OAKLAND, June 2S.— Nothing has
been left undone to make the celebra
tion of the Fourth of Jujy in Oakland
a complete success. The committees
have worked without ceasing, money
is plentiful, volunteers are many and
the best that can be had will be given
to the citizens of Oakland and their
guests upon that day.
The committees in charge of the
events held their final meeting to-night
at the rooms of the Merchants' Ex
change and the details of the day were
announced.
MEMBEHS OF THE COMMITTEE IN
CHARGE OK OAKLAND'S FOURTH
OF JULY CELEBRATION.
Frank E. and Mary Armstrong to Emma H.
Mentz. lot on N lrn# of Ridge road tformer'.y
Daley avenue). 50 W of Le Roy avenue W
50 by N 1C0. portion of lot It), block 12, Daley'*
Scenic Park. Rerkeley; $10.
Calvin A. Shaw (single) to Maud and T. f*.
Cunniiurham lot on N lln* of Essex street.
£t7:G W of Shattuck avenue. W :!7:« by .V
103 portion of lots 15 and 13. block K, ma?
of portion of Newbury Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Walter and Fannie E. Frear to L*e D. Mo-
Caslln «wife of M. D). lot on N line of Kmt
street. 140.9 XV of Wheeler: \V 50 by N !¦».
lot 17, block F, map E. portion of Newhury
Tract.' Berkeley; $10.
Charles Spohn to Laura Youns? Sfohn <wi". >.
lot* on \V line of Sr. Charles n'wt 27' 3
of Railrrip.d a\enue. S 5<> bv W 1 7.1:2." U>t 5».
Enrinal Park Tract. Alameda; gift.
Annie Curry (sinxle) to ChrUtopher A M"l
v*y. lot on W line of Caatro »tr»et 50 N .,f
Sixth. N 25 by YV 75. lot 20 block 7A K«l
lersberser s Map. Oakland; $t<*.
Harlow P. Bancroft to A'.b»rt K. ard Mary
I. Harford. lot on N line of Plumas or FiMv
thlrd str»»t .W.TS W of Genoe \V 40 by V
t:«. lot l«. blo<?k O. Santa Fe Tract N >. I
(deed and agreement). Oakland; $lt>.
D. W. ami Othellla McLaughlin to Jos?pfi
Fe.tz Jr.. lots 1 to 4. Unck G, and lots t t.i I.
bU ck H. map No. 2. John Doyle Tract. Emery
ville. Oakland Township; $10.
•J. M. and May Mealley (Dugan) to Edwar.1
H. Drlggs. lot on PE earner of Oregon and
Grove streets. S 50." E 1CS.«7. N* 4IVS7. \V ICO,
let «. block 21. map No. 5, Shattuck Tra t,
«tr.. HerkMey; «I0.
A*. \V. and Elizabeth J. Anderson to Conrad
and Wlth-lmina V. J. Ringer, lot on S Una
of Grant avenue or Thirty-seventh street.
2t5.lt \V of Gold. W 3S..8« by S 115. lot 58' a
ard sortion lots 58 and *r>. amended map M
subdivision of Mosswood' Tract. Oakland; $:i\
Lea E. and Charles Keene to Constaru-la
Vargas, lot on W line of Campbell street. 27
S of Taylor. 8 27 hy W \iTl:ti. lot 1!). bloclc
*:97, easterly Tract at Pr>tn.t. Oakland; $10.
Georir* 1>. ani Slay A. T. Greenwood f>
Myrcn Whitaker. lot on 8 corner of East Fif
teenth street and Fourth avenue. SE 150 bf
SW KO. portion lots 19 to 2». block' 5". Clinton/
East Oakland; $10.
J. X. and Sallle M. Johnson to LUia and
Marie J. Touchard (both single), lot on W lin*
of Linden street. i:S> N of Eighth. W 113 3
24. W CO. N !U:H. E »?5. S 49. E 100. S 20:tJ.
to beginning, block .*».". Eoardmaa's map. Oak*
Und. recorded June ST. lJKH; $10.
Jam-- J. McElrcy (single) 'to tame, lot on
W line of Linden street, 130:B N of Eighth.
X 4!> by W 1(X>. block 545. same. Oakland,
recorded June ST. 1004; $10
TUESDAY. JUNE 29.
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Lewis A. Hicks of the firm of Lind
gren & Hicks, the contractors for the
building on Center street, in front of
which the trees flourished until the
axman got in his deadly work, was
non-committal when approached for an
interview on the subject of trees this
afternoon. . It was really all news to
him, he said, and he refused to commit
himself in any way.
The womenj of the Town and Gown
Club did not have anybody arrested to
day for cutting down five spreading
elm trees on Center street as they had
intended. Now the vandal has another
day of grace, • while Lhe To\yn and
Gowners go around gathering up evi
dence that they hope will put him in
Jail for 100 days or make him suffer the
cash penalty of $100 that the ordinance
imposes upon all such offenders.
The clubwomen will have a confer
ence with Justice to-morrow morning.
They have an appointment to meet
Justice Edgar at 9:30 o'clock in his
courtroom, there to present their evi
dence. If the Justice is satisfied with
it he will forthwith issue a warrant
for the arrest of the culprit.
The publication of their designs be
fore they wefe quite ready to sink the
barb of justice into the flesh of the
desecrator of trees somewhat discon
certed the prosecuting witnesses and
they changed their plans. But they
are still indignant and full of deter
mination to punish somebody. Mrs.
Freeman, the representative of , the
civic section of the Town and Gown
Club, wished It understood that it is
not a personal matter, but something
in which the whole town is Interested.
"This movement is not directed
against any individual," she said. "It
is not intended to be persecution. It is
simply designed to furnish a whole
some Ies3on to somebody. I am sorry
that our ipla^is are revealed, as we now
have to change them."
Berkeley ."Office San Francisco Call,
2148: Center Street, June 28.
At the clo*e of business in the Recorder's
office this afternoon 7U3 students had been
registered for the summer school, sixty-one,
new ones since yesterday. There are still 101
applications on file, whose signers are ex
pected to qualify for session membership with
in t?>e next few days. Last year the total
registration was MO.
Max 'iheltn. the medalict of the class of "04.
president of the Associated Students am! dis
tinguished as a debater, will go to Harvard
University to finish his studies in the law.
Hj Is now occupying a position In a bank at
National City, his home, but will leave in
September to resume his studies.
Beverly S. Allen. 'tCI. has been appointed
reader to Professor Hammond Lament, editor
of the New York Eveninc Post, who is a
member of the summer school faculty. Charles
BedforJ Jones. '05. will be Professor H.
More* Stephens' reader and Ben R. Walker,
'Uo. will occupy the Kame position under Pro
fec'scr James K. Turner.
BERKELEY. June 2S.— M!?.« May Bentley.
general xecretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, has accepted the invita
tion of Ml*3 Bertha. Conde, national secretary
for the College Women's Christian Associa
tions, to act as her associate In a tour of
the British Isles, which will occupy several
months. The young women will devot? them
selves to an inspection of the associations for
women In Kngland, Ireland ami 3cotlanJ.
Miss Bentley was graduated with the class
ot "04 and during all her college days waa
Interested in association work. She Is the
daughter of the late Kev. Robert B^nUey,
pastor of the Trinity Methodist Church. At
present Miss Bentley 1* attending the Silver
Buy Conference of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association in the company of Misj
Gertrude L>avldson, president of the local col
lece association.
UNlVHRbllY EVENTS
M embers of Town and Gown
Keep Dogberry on Edge
AVhile Hunting Evidence
Professor Carl C. Thomas, instruc
tor in marine engineering at the Uni
versity of California, has accepted the
call of Cornell Univershy to the as
sistant profesorship in marine engin
eering at the Sibley College of Me
chanical Engineering. This is a flat
tering advance for Professor Thomas,
as it will give him the distinction of
holding one of the most important po
sitions, in the leading mechanical col
lege in America. He will succeed Pro
fessor William F. Durand. principal
of the graduate school, in marine en
gineering at Sibley College, who has
been called to Stanford University to
take the chair of mechanical engineer
ing, thus filling the place made va
cant by the decision of Professor Al
bert W. Smith to accept Cornell's call
to the directorship of Sibley College.
Professor Thomas took three years
of 'undergraduate work at Stanford
and the degree of M. E. from Cornell
in 1895. Subsequently he occupied
positions. with the Globe Iron Works,
the Maryland Steel Company, the Ris
don Iron Works, the New York Uni
versity and the. University of Califor
nia. He has been a member of the
teaching staff at Berkeley for a year.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. June 28.
JUSTICE WAITS
ON CLUBWOMEN
Professor Carl C. Thomas
Will Teach Mechanical
Engineering at Ithaca
ACCEPTS CALL
FROM CORNELL
The Egbert Stones and the James O. Aliens
will spend July at- Rowardennan.
"Miss Jane Barry, who has been the' guest
of the Everett Ames at Oakwood, near Mar
tinez, returned last Saturday.
Mrs. C. C. Clay and Mies Madeline Clay
are at Rowardennan. '
Mrs. Harry Maxwell will entertain a few
friends over the Fourth In her pretty bunga
low at Ben Lomond.
The Arthur A. Moores. Mrs. E. C. Hagar
and Miss Louise Hagar are home again after
a pleasant visit to Honolulu.
Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Curtiss and Mr. and
Mrs. M. J. Laymance have returned from a
delightful tour of the Tosemlte Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Walter Scott. Mr. and Mrs.
B. S. Hubbard. Mrs. Alfred Eastland and her
Rrandson, Donald McClure. will be pasfen
s;er* on the steamship Marlposa when she
sails next Saturday for Tahiti.
M. George Marsily of Oakland. Consul Gen
eral of the Netherlands at San Francisco,
has betn invested chevalier of the Order of
Oranse and Nassau by Queen Wllhelmina of
Holland In recognition of his faithful and in
telligent service as her Majesty's Consul Gen
eral. Mr. Marsily is now in Paris.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Btotp and Mr. and Mrs.
E. .J. Cotton aie :>Ianninjj to spend the
Fourth at Capitola, leaving here on Friday
next. The Stolris have Just returned from
San Ramon.
* • • •
Mrs. Snyder will entertain a small house
party over the Fourlh.
Broukdale, near S.ir.ta Cruz, if favored of
Oaklanders this year and a number of those
who have cottages thi-r« have been entertain
ing in a very delightful manner. Mrs. Rich
ard Lyman was hostess at a large tea last
week, given In honor of her Flster, Mies Alice
Flint, and on Friday aftt-rnoon also of last
week Mrs. Carrie Fross Fnyder pave a pleas
ant affair at El Nido, complimentary to Mis»
Bessie Elliott.
The affair was quite informal, the guests
being aiui'-ii in becoming yachting costumes.
Mln Urown. who. by the way. Is one oil
Alani».la'.< most stunning girU. was assisted In
receiving by her mother. Mrs. Frank L.
llroun. Amonjf the dancers were Mis* Anita
Thompson, Mi«« Hanley. Miss 1'ansy l»rrkln.->.
Miss Alma 1'. ¦skins. Mies Maude Henderson,
Miss Willow Butler. Miss Kthel Arnann. Misj
Kate IJennett. Miss Noelle de Golla, Miss Lll
lian Heed. Ml*s Esa Schilling. Miss Ruth
Kales. Miss Kuth Houghton, MJfr Claris?
Lohw, Misses Aileen and Josephine Johnson,
and Messrs. Edwin White. Ed Jackson. Hiram
Hall. Rudolph Schilling. Robert Mitchell. Shir
ley Houghton. George Gage, Phillip Bowles.
Ed Spencer. Hoy Briggs. John Dibtrt, Emory
Karnham, Van Fry. Barclay Henley, Al Coo
gan. Valentine llu.^h, Robert Jordan, Howard
iletcalf. Ed Fred Perkins, Will Cav
a'.ler and Irwin Hobbins.
OAKLAND. June £S.— The Encinal Tacht
Club presented a brilliant scene this evening
durins the r<*cer"'jn and dance tendered Miss
Anita ThoniX'son and her guf^t. Miss Loretta
Hanley. by Miss Katberine Brown of Ala
rm da. The clubrcoms were attractively deco
ratPd »Jih |...ln:s and rim;*, while Japanese
lanterns gave both color and light to the
pctne.
SUMMER EVENTS
Committees will be sent out to all
the towns in Northern California . to
aid in procuring an Immense attend
ance. The Sacramento Driving Club
has volunteered to assist in providing
a ribbon parade on one evening of the
carnival. The Sacramento High School
and athletic clubs will have field day
sports, and with the added attractions
of a carnival company there is prom
ise for a merry week.
The balloting will close on Julv 9.
and much interest is being taken in
the contest. The queen will choose six
maids of honor, and one local firm has
offered to present each of them with
a handsome white silk parasol. Other
firms have offered to provide the- queen
with a lace opera cloak and other ex
pensive articles of apparel, as well as
prizes for those who come out victors
as the result of the present balloting.
SACRAMENTO, June 2S.— The Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, repre
sented by Sacramento and Sunset par
lors, will hold a carnival in this city
during the week beginning July IS.
The proceeds will be devoted to th<*
great Admission day celebration which
the Native Sons have planned for Sep
tember 9, 1905.
An interesting feature of the car
nival will be the reign of a queen, for
whom the people are now voting. Th^
favorites in the contest are Miss Amy
Osborne, Miss Alleen Newton. Ml?3
Blanche Van Slyke and Miss Blanche
Mallard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Features to Be Varied and
Proceeds to Be Devoted to
the Admission Day Fun!
Mrs. Danforth was arranging her
toilet and at the moment the explosion
occurred was heating curling irons over
the flame from the lamp. That she
quickly lost her senses was evident
from the fact that she could not get
out of the bathroom.
Immediately after the accident was
discovered the father . was summoned,
as was Mr. Danforth from San Fran
cisco. They are prostrated.
Coroner Mehrmann took charge of
the case. An inquest will be held at
the residence.
Mrs. Danforth was married about
four years ago. She was 2S years old,
a native of this State. No children
survive. Besides her father and her
mother, Mrs. Danforth leaves two sis
ters. Mrs. Olive Reed Cushman, a tal
ented singer, and Mrs. Howard Swales
of this city, and a brother, Elmer Reed,
who is in mercantile business in Alas
ka. George W. Reed, the attorney of
this city, who was a delegate to the
Republican National Convention, is an
uncle of Mrs. Danforth. The funeral
arrangements have not been made.
The body was removed to another
apartment as soon as Collins had ex
tinguished the fire.
° It appeared as if Mrs. Danforth in
fallir.K had struck her head on a cor
ner of the bathtub and had been ren
dered unconscious and helpless to save
herself, even if the shock from the
blazing oil had not accomplished that
result. For a long time the unfortun
ate victim had been in ill health. Only
a week ago she returned from Fabiola
Hospital, where she had been under
treatment for nervous prostration,
fro^n which she had long suffered. Her
weakened condition contributed to pre
vent resistance when the severe shock
of the sudden explosion overcame her.
Odor of smoke and the heat from
burning woud alarmed the servant,
who tried to open the bathroom door.
It would not yield. Failing to get re
eponse to her call. Mrs. Hawtrey ran
for assistance. E. A. Collins, an ex
pressman, was driving by with a com
panion. He* answered and the men
rushed into the house, up to the bath
room and smashed in the door. A
burst of smoke and hot air nearly
stifled them, but they quickly revived,
only to see the prostrate form of Mrs.
Danforth. horribly burned, lying on
the floor. Her body rested in such a
position that it had fcarred the door.
The woodwork was all scorched and
burning from the oil that was spread
about the apartment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. June -8.
Mrs. Eva May Danforth. wife of
Harry D. Danfenh, a prominent at
torney of San Francisco, and a daugh
ter cf Charles G. Reed, assistant cash
ier of the Union National Bank, was
"burned to death at noon to-day at the
Reed residence. 1257 Filbert street.
A lamp exploded while Mrs. Danforth
was dressing her hair in a bathroom.
The flaming oil covered the woman,
who we* overcome by the shock and
sank to the floor senseless. The only
°«ther perron in the house was Mrs.
oK. F. Hawtrey. the domestic, who went
upstairs to call her mistress to lunch.
BALLOTING FOR QUEEN
'Scorched Body Is Found by
Men Who Are Called and
Break Into Bathroom at
Cry of a Serving Woman
Sacramento and Sunset Par
lors AVill Give a Carni
val in the Capital City
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
[ _ .1016 Broadway, June 2S.
At. the- conclusion of a suit to-day
before Judge Greene in which Mrs. N.
Anderson of Alameda was trying to
oust one John Palmer and a family by
the name of Cox, living with him, from
her house at S015 Encinal avenue, Ala
meda, for the non-payment of rent, his
Honor said:
"This case is one of conspiracy, pure
and simple. Palmer and this family
have entered into a plot to beat this
woman out of her rent and after all
is said and done I have listened to
some of the rankest perjury ever given
in a court of justice."
Suit was brought against Palmer and
as a defense it was set up that the
wrong party had been 6ued and that
Mrs. Cox was the person who rented
the place. ! The testimony went to
throwing light upon the transactions
at the time the premises were rented.
The evidence was flatly contradicted
and at the end of the trial Judge
Greene gave Judgment for the plain
tiff in the sum of $400.
After a separation of six y^rs from
her two small children, Mrs. Mamie
Kolloster was' reunited to them to-day
and all started for Santa Barbara this
evening. They had been hidden away
for the last fc-ur years with the Ladles'
Relief Society here, while the mother
had been led to suppose by J. H. How
ard, the father, that they were in the
East. Mr. and. Mrs. Howard were di
vorced a number of years ago and the
mother married again and is now the
wife of H. H. Kolloster of Oxnard.
Since the divorce the paths of the
once husband and wife have gone
strangely apart. Her lines have been
laid in pleasant places and he has
turned squirrel hunter on the Fresno
plains. With him he keeps their eldest
child, a boy of twelve, but the other
two, a boy of ten and a girl of eight,
have been in the custody of the Relief
Society.
When the mother discovered where
the children were she immediately took
steps to obtain letters of guardianship.
She obtained the consent of her hus
band and then came here and filed her
petition with the court, stating that
the children were left to the care of
strangers while she was able and will
ing to give them a mother's attention.
The father arrived Just in time from
where notice of the matter had been
sent him. He came in his rough hunt
ing coat with his son, while the mother
and her recovered babes sat on the op
posite pid-j of the courtroom. The eldest
child went to talk to his younger
brother and sister and his mother, but
was taken away by the father as
though afraid he might also lose him.
After hearing the testimony in. the case
Judge Greene awarded the custody to
the mother and she left with her chil
dren this evening for the sc-uthern part
of the State.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 2S.
OAKLAND MATRON IS
VICTIM OF ACCIDENT
NATIVE SONS
TO HOLD FETE
Mrs. Mamie Kolloster Re
covers the Babes From
Her Former Husband
His Honor Announces, That
New Record for Rank Ly
ing Has Been Hung Aloft
°JJrs. Harry D. Danfortli Is
Killed by the Explosion
.of a Kerosene Lamp While
. iShe Is Dressing Her Hair
DISCOVERS CONSPIRACY
HAD BEEN IX HIDING
Judge Greene Scores Evi
dence iii Case j Involving
Evasion of Kent Payment
Separated From Them for
Six Years— They Are at
Last Returned to Her
LIFE ENDS
IN FLAMES
AT HOME
FINDS PERJURY
WAS COMMITTED
MOTHER FINDS
LOST CHILDREN
THE SANrFRANCISGO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1901
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Committees Are Concluding Their Plans So That the
Programme Will Afford Entertainment From Morn
ing Salute Until Fireworks at Night End Joy of Day
NATION'S DAY AT OAKLAND
WILL BE ROUND OF GLORY
6
Tills splendid premium Will
be offered to Call subscribers , at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per : copy, v Out"; of town
ordersV ; S5 "cents' additional to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion charges.
The Call's Cook -Book prem-
ium offer will close on iAugust
30, 1904. and nil readers of this
paper who "desire a copy of this
household treasure should hot
fail to place their : order Im-
mediately. % -
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 1904;
ADVEBTISKaTENTS.
For Any Skin Diseas*
use
It will help and cure you. Will
send Trial Bottle free to any-
. one sending ioc. to pay postage.
It is absolutely harmless, has
cured thousands, will cure you.
Sold by leading druggists.
None ceculne without ray slznatur*.
«io Prince St.. New York.
Send for iree Booklet on "How t« tr«at
tfkesaea," containing hundreds o» U«tl-
monlaU of wonderful cure.*.
OAKI/AN1>.
10T*; Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 7T.
ALA31KDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYROME. N". . T.. June 28.— Fire to-day de
stroyed Sink's Opera-house and other property
valued at $200,000. Two men were seriously
injured It Is reported another was burled
under a . falling wall.
COMMISSIONER JONES OPENS BIDS.—
Bids for supplies for Indian agencies and
schools on the Pacific Slope, were opened yes
terday by Commissioner W. A. Jones. Thera
were ninety-three bidders, as against sixty
nine last year. The bids came mostly from
San Francisco, with some from . lx>s Angeles,
Chicago and New- York. Commissioner Jones
aiid his assistants will classify tbe bids to-day.
Baggage transferred to and, from all trains,
steamers, etc.. at low rates. One trunk (single
trip) 35 cents; round trip 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery. 308 Taylor St.. C50 Market St..
Oakland Ferry depot. . Phone Kxchnage 46. .*
Notice to Passengers.
A Coroner's jury yesterday fixed
the responsibility for the deaths of
Andrew Quinn and MichaeK'Grlffln
upon the dead men themselves. Grif
fin and Quinn were laborers in the
Lantry Bros.' quarry and were killed
on June 13 by a premature explosion
of Hercules powder. The verdict of
the Jury was that death had been
caused by shock following accidental
amputation of both legs of both men
and that the explosion occurred by
reason of their own carelessness in
handling: the powder. '
Dead Men Blamed.
Funeral of the Late S. II. Seymour.
The remains of the late S. H. Sey
mour, for many years proprietor of
the Huss House, who died suddenly
at Bartlett Springs. last Sunday, wore
brought to this city yesterday. .The
funeral will be held to-day from the
Masonic Temple under the ruspices of
Occidental Lodge, oi which he was a
member. Golden Gate Commandery,
of which he also was a member, will
take part in the services and will form
part of the funeral cortege. ' At a
meeting of a committee from each of
these bodies yesterday arrangements
for the solemn ceremony were agreed
upon. The service will be conducted
by the worshipful master of the blue
lodge.
tanya. She was a native of Canada
and 35 years of age.
Mrs. Mary Hurd of 1726 Devisadero
! street died in the French Hospital
shortly after noon yesterday from in
juries received in a street car accident
! on the preceding evening. While get
j ting- out of the way of a milk wagon
! at the intersection of Sutter and De-
I visadero streets Mrs. Hurd was
j knocked down by a southbound elec
j trie car of the Devisadero-street line.
j i<he was removed to Dr. Simons* sani
: tarium and later. to the French Hos
' pital. where she died. Mrs. Hurd was
j the widow of George Hurd, who had
; been a salesman for J. de La Mon-
cumbs to the Shock.
Widow Knocked Down by an Electric
Car on Devlsadero Street Suc-
MARY JIURD'S INJURIES
CAUSE HER DEATH
EDWARD ATKINSON.
Regretting that r cannot accept your
Invitation, even If you desired me to do
so after the receipt of this letter," I re
main, yours very truly:
Under Accept conditions of heavy
losses they have of necessity advanced
the rates of premium. This advance has
been so much resisted, and is as yet so
insufficient, to ,m»et the increasing haz
ard of conflagration, that several of the
foreign companies are largely reducing
their risks; and the penalty has at
length fallen where it belongs, on the
owners and occupants of property in the
congested districts of cities. They will
be no longer able to buy contracts of in
demnity at less than cost.
Under these conditions they may at
length learn that the fault lies with
them, and that the only remedy rests
with themselves.
In response to an invitation from
some Toronto picrcliants who were
dissatisfies with the increase of in
surance rates there to visit Toronto
and deliver an address upon the in
surance problem, Edward Atkinson
wrote as follows:
-Dear Sir: I appreciate very fully the
compliment which you have extended to
me on behalf of the Association
to visit your city and to address
you on the subject of Insurance. If
there were no other reason, my advanced
age now forbids my accepting such in
vitation, requiring- a somewhat long rail
way Journey and considerable expendi
ture of physical strength.
But there are other reasons why my
address (were I to make one) would not
conduce to your satisfaction. The re
cent conflagrations are the normal re
sults of the continued neglect of the
owners and occupants of the buildings In
the congested districts of cities to take
suitable measures for the prevention of
loss by fire by a^doptinp, safer methods
of construction and suitable care in oc
cupancy. These conflagrations are but
the normal results, long anticipated, re
currinj? with increasing frequency, as
they will continue to r'ecur until the
owners and occupants of the buildings
give even a moderate attention to their
own duty, to their own property.
The larger part of such buildings have
been constructed without the slightest
attention being given to the danger of
the rapid spread of fire; in very many
cases they supply examples" of what I
have called "the art of combustible
architecture," which seems to have been
conducted as if owner, architect and
builder alike were providing for the
largest possible loss by fire from the
least possible cause, and in most cases
the occupancy is marked by neglect of
the commonest precautions for safety.
In recent years the stock insurance
comr'anies have in many places estab
lished systems of inspection, and have
endeavored to give instructions that
would lead to greater safety. How have
they been met? Simply in most cases as
if they were meddlesome persons who
might be put off with many shams, and
whose precautions, after the inspectors
have left, are totally neglected. They are
looked upon rather as persons who are
trying to get premiums out of the own
ers and occupants of property without'
rendering any corresponding service.
Under these conditions and in spite of
every effort, of the stock. underwriter to
change them the insurance of properly
in <:ltl?s against loss by tire has been
for many years unprofitable. The in
surance corporations have been saved
from bankruptcy only by their posses
sion of capital and of reserves previous
ly accumulated, and by th^ interest re
covered from the premiums during the
year in which they, are in their posses
sion. Their profits, where they have
made any. have been realized in their
function as bankers more than offsetting
the losses on their fire business.
ATKINSON^'ON CONGESTED DIS
TRICTS.
Htitton's Case Transferred.
Presiding Judge Graham yesterday
transferred from Judge Cook's court
to Judge Troutt's the hearing of . the
accusation of Mary Doran, a Dupont
street woman; who asks for the re
moval of Police Commissioner Hutton
from office on the ground that he
caused her arrest without a warrant.
Judge Cook is out of the city, and the
statutes require that accusations of
this sort must be heard within twen
ty days. The transfer of the case was
made to Judge Troutt upon represen
tations that Judge Cook would be
unable to'hear it.
Operation for Appendicitis.
George W. Montieth, the attorney,
residing at 70S Turk street, was tak
en suddenly ill three days ago. Tho
doctors diagnosed his case as acute
appendicitis. He was operated on last
night at St. Joseph's Hospital by Sur
geons J. A. Simpson and Alexander S.
Tuchler. He was «asy after the op
eration, but the jdoctors report his
case a very serious one.
White Swan 3Iines Co. Complains
That Promoter Took Certificates
Without Rlsht.
Letson Balliet. mining promoter. Is
again called into the courts to an
swer for his actions In connection
with the shares of a company in
which he was interested as an officer.
The -White Swan Mines Co. (Limited)
yesterday filed a complaint In the
Superior Court against Balliet, alleg
ing that he was an organizer of the
company and a subscriber for 275,
000 shares of its stock, for which he
had never paid. The complaint re
cites that Balliet was president of the
company on March 20, 1904, and K.
G. Shea was assistant secretary.
On March 21 both Balliet and
Shea, It is alleged, resigned their po
sitions, but on the following day Bal
liet, according to the complaint,
caused to be issued 20.000^hares of
stock in his own name and 133.000
shares in the name of Florence Bal
liet, as trustee, the certificates of each
issue bearing the date of March 21.
The company not only alleges that
the shares were issued after Balliet
and Shea had resigned their offices,
but that Balliet had never paid for
them either iii labor or property. It
is declared that Balliet represents the
certificates of stock as valid. The
company ask.s the court to restrain
him from disposing of them.
GARDENER DIKS UNDER
PECULIAR CIRCUMSTANCES
Sydney Johnson, Employed by Mrs.
F. N. Woods, Is Found Uncon
scious in His Bed.
Sydney Johnson, a gardener in the
employ of Mrs. F. N. Woods of 2000
California street, died under suspi
cious circumstances yesterday at the
Central Emergency Hospital. John
son was found unconscious in his bed
Monday morning by Mrs. Woods. Dr.
E. L. Perrault was called In and after
making a hurried examination said
the man was suffering from apoplexy.
Johnson was taken to the Emergency
Hospital, where he died yesterday.
Dr. Stevens of the hospital says the
patient's symptoms resembled those of
poisoning. The stomach was sent to
the City Chemist. '¦',:, '¦'¦_
Johnson had been employed at the
Woods residence for three months. He
was at one time quite wealthy, hav
ing made considerable money in the
Klondike. He met with reverses. Mrs.
Woods says that since that .time he
has been much depressed. Last Sun
day he became insnne and was taken
to the Emergency HospitaJr but soon
recovered his senses and was released.
The Coroner's officials believe he took
poison while despondent.
and pleaded kleptomania, produced
proof that she had spent two and a half
years in the Mendocino Asylum for the
Insane and Judge Mogan transferred
her to the keeping of Mr3. Lance, the
matron of that institution.
Mr?. Lizzie Boydston and her sister.
Miss Agne3 Murray, told Judge Fritz
of how the former lady's gold watch
was stolen from a trunk in her apart
ment at 259 Turk street, and why they
suspected that J. E. Drlscoll, a twenty
year-old, was the thief. The watch
was found in a pawn shop and restored
to Mrs. Boydston. The defense will be
heard next Tuesday.
• • ' • *
John Magulre t a deaf-mute, was ac
commodated with six months' impris
onment for beating his aged mother at
her home, 16S Tehama street. . Patrol
man Tillman testified that the defend
ant had freely used his fists on the old
lady's face. The defense was lntoxica-.
tion.
"I'm as tough as I look^ f shouted
Richard McGee, as he paraded Bryant
street, near Fourth. '"'There's a chip on
me shoulder an' I'd like some mug ter
knock it off." Patrolman Thomson,
who is tougher than he looks, not onry
knocked off the chip, but subjected Mr.
McGee to the ignominy of arrest. Sen
tence to-day by Judge Mogan.
Henry M. Blum was no sooner re
leased from the County Jail at the ex
piration of his term for vagrancy than
he was arrested on an old warrant
charging felony embezzlement, and
when he appeared before Judge Fritz
Ms face bore a striking resemblance to
a butcher's block in active service. He
explained that the scratches and
bruises were inflicted by a fellow
prlconer, who attacked him without
provocation on the eve of his release
and that he wanted a warrant issued
against his assailant for battery. When
it was further explained that the ac
cused prisoner will not be released un
til July 22 Blum's case was continued
unti! : that date, and he will spend the
interim at the old home on Broadway.
H. S. Parks and Thomas McMahon
were charged with waylaying Louis
Young near the International Hotel
and robbing him of a gun metal watch
and $2. — '
"What kind of a watch did you say?"
inquired his Honor Mogan, involun
tarily dipping his finger Into his
tenantless fob.
"Gun metal," Answered Clerk Grey.
Then the bench seemed to lose about
thirty-three and one-third per cent of
its interest in the. case, explainable,
perhaps, by the fact that the watch
of which it was surreptitiously relieved
last Saturday at San Rafael was of
yellow metal.
Defendants Parker and McMahon
were then instructed as to their rights
and the case was set for hearing to
morrow. -They are young in years and
apparently amateurs in footpadism.
Raffaeldo Belli, a teamster, was fined
$10 / by Judge Fritz for orally abusing
Mrs. Josic Hares when she protested
against His steering of his horses and
wagon over the sidewalk fronting her
residence at 421 Eighth avenue. Miss
G. H. Reins, a neighbor of the com
plainant, corroborated her testimony.
M. S. Cook, the Los Angeles sport
who consumed $400 worth of automobil
ing at the rate of $5 an hour without
stopping for anything else but refresh
ments, will probably succeed in settling
his case out of court. That was the
impression created by yesterday's pro
ceedings in Judge Mogan's court, where
a continuance of the hearing till to-day
was asked for and granted.
Lizzie Johnson, who was arrested
for vagrancy and then recognized by
the- detectives as one of the shrewdest
pickpockets in this or any other coun
try, pleaded guilty to the former charge
before Judge Fritz. Captain of Detec
tives Martin was then sent for and at
his request the defendant was dis
missed on the condition that she im
mediately leave the city and never re
turn to it. ¦ i :-
C. W. Keye9 of Berkeley,- who came
to the city and treated some of his lady
friends to $20 worth of automobiling
and then referred the chauffeur, to the
Brltlf h consulate for payment, will have
a hearing next Friday before Judge
Mogan. His Britannic Majesty's repre
sentative at this port, disclaims knowl
edge of Mr. Keyes, although that young
geatleman has been moving in the col
lege town's select set.'
Custoiu-House Closing.
In conformity with a regulation of
the Treasury Department the custom
house at this port will be closed at 1
p. m. on Saturdays during July, Aug
ust and September. . On all other
week days no entries will be received
after 3 p. m. except in case of entry
of animals, corpses or other emer
gency, and all manifests must be filed
and sworn to before that hour.
Ancient Mortgage Revived.
A mortgage musty with its sixteen
years of age was revived in the Su
perior Court yesterday in the applica
tion of Samuel Shear for letters of
administration upon the estate of Al
fred D. Green. y who died February 1,
IS 98. Shear is the husband of Fran
cisco Aolita Amado Shear, widow of
the deceased Green. His application
says that the » heirs* of the Green es
tate want an equity interest in a
mortgage dated September 6, 18S4, by
which William G. Jones was Indebted
to Alfred D. Green for $59,000. It is
Champion Bootblack Will
Never Again Handle
the Brushes.
Cornelius Lyons did his work in that
fashion. The little bootblack stand
will remain, but the champion will
never handle his brushes again.
The deceased leaves a wife, a son
and six daughters. He was a native
of Ireland. The funeral will take
place to-day from his late residence,
34 8 Fremont street.
"the champion bootblack of the world,
and I'll stay a bootblack till I die.
Let every man do his work, and do it
for all that is in him."
For the first time in many years the
little bootblack stand on Brook street
is closed. The little gray-haired pro
prietor, who was as i.roud of the title
of champion bootblack as an Emperor
of his diitdeni. never ply his trade
again. Death has called him.
In the early 'TO's Cornelius Lyons
first established his stand. Those were
the mad years of the stock excite
ment. While lie blacked the boots of
the Mackays, Fairs and Floods, Lyons
at times heard bits, of conversation
that meant the making and losing of
millions. He used these bits of infor
mation to his advantage. At one time
his family was In the habit of visiting
him in a victoria and he was as proud
of his position as if he had been the
president of a bank.
The quarters, halves and dollars
that he gathered — money was plentiful
in this period of madness — -he staked
in that -magnificent gambling game —
mining stocks. At one time the turn
of a hair would have made him as rich
as his most affiuent patron. While he
lost much he retained enough to live
in comfortable retirement had he
chosen to do so. But he never forsook
his stand. To the day of his death he
wore a belt proclaiming himself cham
pion bootblack and challenged the
world to take away the title. A city
grew about him, fortunes were made
and lost, the ranks of his first patrons
thinned and new ones came, but Cor
nelius Lyons stuck to his stand.
"I'm a bootblack." he used to say,
• Leaves San Francisco Saturday morn-
Ing-.. July T. over the Santa Fe to Yosem
ite arfd back for $28 50. Through two
proves, of the largest trees In the world
route. Special car<» for women and
children. Spend th«» Fourth of July in
th* 1 prandoFt spot on earth.
Full particulars, what to wear and
Iio-vt-' to go, at 641 Market street. Santa
Fe Office. • •
Personally Conducted Excursion to
Yosemlte.
CORN-ELIUP I.TONP. THE VETER
AN BOOTBLACK. WHO HAS
BEEN CALLED BY DEATH.
BAL.LIET CHARGED WITH
:¦--•-'. ;i-. ISSUING STOCK TO SEU?
related that the mortgage was as
signed to one P. H. Whitelaw. who
for a specified interest, was to prose
cute the foreclosure. This Whitelaw
failed to do. and the heirs want to
find out if It is too late for thejn to
recover anything.
Young also ran a tontine business
and ono»of his victims in that branch
is Mrs. Tubbs, who lives at the Gait
House. She was induced by .Young to
invest $500 on the agreement that at
the end of forty weeks she should draw
triple that amount. It was a few days
before the forty weeks- expired that
Young fled from the city..
His present residence was made
known by Mrs. Miller, who was his
bookkeeper. About two weeks ago she
suggested to Mrs. Johnson that as
Young was now in business in New
York it would help him materially and
ultimately add to M». Johnson's
wealth, if Mrs. Johnson should loan
Young $15,000. Mrs. Johnson consulted
Attorney Maguire and he told her to
humor Mrs. Miller and ascertain, if
possible. Young's present address. This
was done. On Monday Mrs. Miller fur
nished Mrs. Johnson with thex-a'ddress
and yesterday the warrant was sworn
out before Judge Conlan for Young's
arrest. As soon as he
an officer will be sent to bring him
back.
A warrant was issued yesterday by
Police Judge Conlan for the arrest of
James F. Young on a charge of felony,
embezzlement. The complaining wit
ness is Mrs. Sarah E. Johnson, pro
prietress of the Gait House at Market
street and Golden Gate avenue. The
amount alleged in the complaint is $500,
but Mrs. Johnson's attorney,, W. M.
Maguire, says the total reaches JSOOO.
Young has been traced to New York
and Captain Martin has wired to the
police authorities there to _place him
under arrest."
Young disappeared from the city last
April, leaving a large number of dupes,
most of • them women, to mourn his
Eutiden departure. He posed as presi
dent of the Columbian Mutual. Com
mission Company when Mrs. Johnson
became acquainted with him. He
claimed to .have offices In the Starr
King building.
Mrs. Johnson was induced at various
times to give him sums aggregating
$8000 for investment irf his company,
which he alleged was a paying con
cern and returned large dividends. She
paid 55000 of the amount by check to
Attorney Mayo- of the Crossley build-
Ing and the other $3000 in cash at dif
ferent times to Young, the -last pay
ment of $500 .being made on January
15. Mrs. Johnson received nothing
from Young, who disappeared from the
city last April.
Mrs. Sarah E. Johnson, Gait
House, Market Street. Is
the Complaining Witness
X. B. -Manning, the Victim,
Leaves His Sacramento
Home to Kill Himself
Among the effects of the dead man
were papers showing that he was a
member of the Maccabees and of the
International Steam Engineers' Union
at "gapramento. He lived at 726 O
ftreieti Sacramento.
Saturday. June 25.
Arrived «• Stockton at 5 a. m. Saw doctor
ni:ti •» r be could cot do me any good and
•w'-uid have to loee my fight In the left eye.
STOCKTON, Sunday. June 26.— go what Is
:.fe to me now! Good-by all.
The foregoing entries, written with
an indelible pencil in the pocket diary
cf N. B. Manning, explain wljy he took
his life with carbolic acid. It was on
board the steamer Captain Weber
some time last Monday night that the
deed was done. The steamboat ar
rived from Stockton yesterday fore
noon, and when a deckhand went to
Manning's stateroom to rouse him
Manning lay dead In his bed. The
steamboat officials presumed that
death had resulted from natural
causes, but Deputy Coroner Michael
Brown found the odor of carbolic acid
in a drinking glass in the stateroom.
The 'jottle which had contained the
poison had doubtless been thrown
overboard.
EXPIRES OX STEAMER
EMBEZZLEMENT CHABGE
Mary Taylor, who stole a dress skirt
from a Market street dry/goods store
John Bowers, the oldest offender of
the bunch, had no acceptable plea
ready and was sentenced to six months.
M. J. Mulcahey said he came to the
city from Crockett to have a raging
tooth removed. The pain of the molar
drove him to drink and he was arrest
ed while en route to a dentist. Five
days.
Henry Brown (colored) came from a
construction camp on the North Pa
cific Railroad to participate In an Afro-
American social /unction on Pacific
street, but before he arrived there he
was "pinched." "Ah doan want no at
tohney," declared Henry, "an' ah stans
on mah \ rights as an American citi
zen." Five days. / .
Frank Costello averred he was pitch-
Ing hay somewhere • in rural Alameda
County and came to. the #ity to see a
former sweetheart and tender to her
his heart, hand and fortune. To his
diSmay, however, he discovered that
she departed with a better, looking man,
and he sought solace in the flowing
bowl. Five days.
Frank Hatton had no excuse for his
drunkenness and hoped the Judge
would let him down easy. Thirty days."
Walter Wilson, a veteran in vagran
.cy, cheerfully accepted the thirty days'
term that was handed tfown to/him.
Six male vagrants, arrested at as
many different times and places, by
as many different policemen,, were
treated according to their respective
deserts by Judge Conlan.
. • •
William Scheamely, convicted of
stealing four Ivory billiard balls from
a' saloon, was given thirty days by
Judge Fritz. &?&
When he was accused of stealing a
woman's skirt from a basement on
Buchanan street John Holly hastily
pleaded guilty and requested Judge Mo
gan to sentence him immediately, as he
did not desire to give the overworked
court any more trouble than was ab
solutely necessary. His considerateness
aroused suspicion, however, and sen
tence was postponed till yesterday, the
police being Instructed to investigate
his character. So when he reappeared
before the bench there were several
prior convictions for larceny laid up
against him and he was promptly sen
tenced to five months.
/Murray has served six months for
beating his mother and several lesser
terms for lesser offenses, and the police
rate him as an "eighteen carat bum."
William Murray, arrested for disturb
ing the peace and vagrancy, was given
nine months by Judge Mogan. Rosie
Ritch. a tailoress, was sent to prison
for three months. The couple were
arrested la^st Saturday night in the
Nevada House, on Sixth street, where
they consorted, and the woman's hus
band, a meek-looking little man, testi
fied that he was beaten by Murray,
who sxew belligerent when Ritch ob
jected to having his wife's affections
alienated.
In holding the defendant the court
took occasion to r compliment Patrol
man Wren •*for" r 'hls "•promptness and
courage in arresting Burnell while the
latter • had a revolver pointed at
him. Motorman Keyes, whose refusal
to stop the car when commanded by
the defendant resulted in the capture,
was also the recipient of eulogistic
mention from the bench.
Gert Burnell, charged . with holding
up an Eddy street car and robbing the
conductor of J1S, was held to the Su
perior Court by Judge Mogan, with
bail. fixed at '$5000, which was not fur
nished. . _
Edward W. Gunther, accused of at
tempting to bribe a juror in a Chi
nese murder trial, was held to the Su
perior Court by Judge Fritz, with ball
fixed at $5000. The bond was prompt
ly furnished, .Mrs. Delia Edwards, re
siding at Haight street and Central
avenue, and George Hewlett of 1216
Masonic avenue, serving as sureties.
Unnecessarily violent handlings of
prisoners by policemen was the " sub
ject of an interesting homily delivered
yesterday In open court by Judge Mo
gan. His remarks were prompted by
the complaint of Fred Atkinson and
John Bohn, two respectable-looking
young fellows who were arrested on
Saturday evening at Second and Fol
som,streets and charged with disturb
ing \he peace. When their case was
called on Monday they alleged they
had been brutally treated by Officers
Jvruser and* Rice, and th«?ir case was
continued till yesterday, in order to
glve"the accused opportunity to tell
their side of the storv. Atkinson said
that RTte deliberately and unpro
vokedly struck his face three times
with a clenched fist, blackening one of
his eyes, and the discolored optic
was shown as evidence of the assault.
Bohn asserted that Kruger had prod
ded him in the side with a club until
his body was"bruised,and sore.
The two policemen denied, having
used undue* violence in their treatment
of the prisoners, but they'acknowl
edged that 1 there was no "provocation
for rough usase, as the boys did not
resist, arrest, j
"I micht have collided with Atkin
son, "said Hlce, .'/but I did not wil
fully blacken his eye."
"If these boys were beaten as they
allege," said the" Judge, "the act was
both brutal and cowardly. I am not
saying their complaint is true, for I
have only their statement as opposed
by the officers they accuse; but I
would like to have it understood that
any policeman who is convicted, be
fore me of having maltreated an un
resisting prisoner will be punished as
severely as the law permits. These de
fendants do not seem to be vicious
boys, and their youth and compara
tively weak physical condition
would brand as e -coward the
man, in or out of uniform, who
would beat them as they al
lege they were beaten. Their arrest
in the first place was ill advised, for
the testimony shows they were not re
sponsible for the peace disturbance— •
the firing of a toy bomb— that attract
ed the officers' attention to them. The
charge against them is dismissed."
Engineer Takes Carbolic
Acid Eatlicr Than Have
His Left Eye Crippled
James F. Young Is Traced to
New York and Warrant Is
Obtained for His Arrest
Police Judge Mogan Is Prompted by Complaint of
Two Boy Prisoners to Declare That He Intends
to Punish Any Officer Convicted of Brutality
WEALTHY WOMEN
ARE HIS DUPES
PREFERS DEATH
TO LOST SIGHT
COURT SOUNDS WARNING
TO UNIFORMED BULLIES
LANDMARK
IS MINUS
OCCUPANT
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JUNE 29, 1904.
7
" .0 ;
LEADING BC5IKE?S «XILLEGE OF THE i
« WEST.
Over 24 Post rt.. Sa_n Fr«nc!«c3. Oal. (
Tlwtty. 40 y^ari" Ofxrn ontir«« yrsr.day & night, j
Write for circulars ffree).
VON HETBiKCi S? JO S^N 1Il; Sr c -
PAN FRANCISPO. Establlfch^d l«:»r,
r?e-»-mlnently th<? largert and bcyt
Auirp^l «-chool r,n the Pacific Coast— offrr-
¦ '.i-iic ail the advantages of Eastern and
European conservatories for a thorough
rii;.«ica.! t-<5u'-s»ion... ProFr*ctu« upon ap-
rlicalon. Vi5lton« to the World's Fair. St. j
,. Ixiuis. are lnv!to<l to examine the exhibit ¦
.(•t the school. Eduf-aticnal Building Call-
fornln P^hnrl E«?t;ib!t.
Kew Quarters— Sore Space!
XIHEft JOOKS.
Ju^t men-ed Into cur new rooms; new flre- •
• proof tu:i5:r.«T. 3 elex-ators. electric tights '
•team heat. Do more for students than ever i
fcfftre. This Is the college that secure* »o
many roeltlcns.
San Francisco Business College/
. . 73S Mlta'.on St.. Near Third.
WFVTFRN- Thc '°ir^ business course. Enjf- '
UCdILnn .tUh. bookkeeping. Ehorthand. ar- ;
CtirillCCC : Uh • "'S' 13 "- c^c.. Civil Sen-Ice.
•CUiJtrtoi Indiviiual instmcticn. Positions
for graduates. «i tno. (day) $45-
CilLL'GE <!;so flj d=y) * :i0 - Eve: "school."
.">"-.'--"»-• 6 mo, <24. HOT Market, cor. Tth.
. Hil^lccck . Military Academy
SAX rJAFAEIi, CAL.
• ' ' WILL. REOPEN on Aueust 16. .
'; • - • . Apply to the Principal.
Iff. '^- • "_. *X_ TT-.11 Prepares for
illUlliQllilU ilQll C T LE u R6f !
PALO ALTO, CAL. p?&J£j
'E<y»i»o rrviow . 450 .students n te°» i
«..<-;«. the *tcr>- of our
' . -Jfc^y S I i\.gyj< «Jccess:n«wbulld-
¦" ¦ I s>. :r(r - c * w Idea*. 1
•' - fOlI<?i\C^ wholesome college I
.'•¦¦. -. V*^ I —^ life; Catalogue.
•Ci5Gc!den Gilt ave.. B. F. I
IRVING INSTITUTE.
¦jbdrilr-g sad day schoct for young ladles and i
pltlerlrls. Z12U California *tixf t Will reopen ,
AKf^tl f. 11*04. Accredited to tile universities. I
KEV. EDWARD B CHURCH. A. M. Principal. I
" .' -£^4CIAlTS EAEW J1O A DAT.
'-J6&E&£^. ' In <l iT i<5ual Instructions; also '
•jGjpST^gjfc rr -° :I <"""r*e. Call or write for ¦
T^j^mSSJ-^i prosP*ctum. CUSE OPTK'^L
r^SS^J^-- INSTITUTE. 1035 Market St..
. S, .F. Eyes. examined free.
'Keiint faiiialpais Military Academy
. . V^*« SAX RAFAEL, CAL..
. Jurjor school serarate. Fa.ll term begins Aug
i:: ARTHUR CJtCSBY. P.P.. Head Marter.
ajWJJ^jJBpjy^Bo Is the most ;>ra^tl-
jytl?",?TXJ:\r t Y)?, ™ l - rccornmend"d
Sti?S*-f^Sc^>»3^ by ***P c rt court re-
Z{&fi$3vffiWfi P ortPr5 - Send for
MarEet St.. 8. F.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
laVXAUlUN, CALIFORNIA.
Hclds pre-eminently the confidence of lu ca-
trons and the loyalty of its pupils
•VCALUAM WALKER ANDERSON'. Principal.
HAif^iA rch;cl for boys: 14th year
H 1 1 I 1 I si « tron * er taculiy than ever;
IIVII I V perfect sanitation; Illus-
trated catalcgue. -W, J.
MEREDITH. Vice . Principal. Menlo Pane. Cai.
THE UAIVX2SS1TX SCEOOZn
2310 CImJLT STBEET,
Will RKOPEN* on August 1 with
BERT X TUCKER. IL S-.
Principal.
COLLEGE Or KOTEE SAlftX.
SAN" JO Jit. CAL. Exclusively tor board lr.r
¦tudecta. Fifty-third year. Courses: Classical
I^iterary. Scientific, Conservatory. Ctollege
preparatory accrtdlted. Intensedlate and Prt-
fr.ary Classes. Studies resumed Tursday. Aug-
xsn 2. 1001.
DALO ALTO AC AD r Mr, one mile from
« Stanford University— Boys and young men
prepared for Stanford. Berkeley or Eastern
College*. Exceptional AdvarLa^es in Modem
Languages and Hfchcr Mathematics. Fall term
beeins Augut-t Ti. For catalogu* address
UAIXARD 6HIPLET. Palo Alto. Oai
Something -.^^J^^
Doing in
The evidence of our popularity is 'the enormous business
we are doing and have done since the opening of our store.
We want to still increase bur business. Here are some prices
that will make more business. We can afford it. Our ex-
penses are light. We are all partners and share our profits
with you.
'^ - '¦ " • The prices hold good "*»
R^_P][M*>mi till July Kth only. \A
sS^<^'^i ¦ Never before sold *«-"iE»S!sv
J^HV- for less than $5.00.
jWBffrflHgGB {6.00. $7.00.
JBIIPbBpBhBm * In J5.00. 16.00 and |g|i /
FOUR-THIRTT-FIVE U^
*^^^^K|Mi We have bargains in Shoes for Boys aad
s »OBiftggg > Olrls also, too numerous to mention la
812-814 Market* Street-— The Store Peculiar to Itself
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Jj Sale Ten Million Boxes aYear. j|
il CANDY CATHARTIC^ga^^ | j
H PREVENT ALL SUffllHER BOWEL TROUBLES i
HI Undigested food in the human body will ferment a hundred times as rcfl
i|g quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels I-Sj
||g poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, | J
III dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and I'M
Ha the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper I |
S$3 thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the body
| every day— not give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowels, j I
fe| You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and c 1
t£j healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not |--l
p|l harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take I c I
Kg in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets. Rj*3
IsN AH druggists. 10c, 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet Rfl
1 . stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample and Y j
ra^booklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. 635 Jgf
ADVERTISEMENTS.
An Opportunity to .Join
. a Special Excursion
to the Auntie |
Seaboard,
July 7, 1904
— - — v;v.
,' A Special Train groins via Chicago
and Niagara Falls through, to Atlan-
tic City. New Jersey, stopping at
Truckee. including side trip to 'Lake
Tahc* and return, also stop jt Niag-
ara Falls. America's Greatest Scenic
Attraction. Tickets returning 1 • aood'
via St. Louis World's Fair, srood for
ninetv days. Entire train, consisting
of Sleeping Cars, Dining Car ar.d
Composite Smoking Car. through to
destination. This Recursion is organ-
ized by a party wtio Intend (Baling
the trip an enjoyable one. taking with
them products of California. This
will be the greatest. Kastern Excur-
sion of the year. V.~,
For rates and further Information,
apply to . *".'•••« ¦.•¦• ¦;• .-
CART/TON C. CRANE. ~
Paolflc?Coast Agent
NVw York Central Lines.
£37 Market Street.
S«n Fraaci3co. Cal.
(j visit DR. JORDAN'S oreat4
{NUSEUSa OF AHflTOHY?
A - gg isa Kirn: sr. i»v,*ia?.i. s.rc^ q
\ fcjT "The L»ree*t Aut^mica! Mu nun in rh« v
<J , ,«rx~ World. HuIikuu *t *,,„ cuciTrai-'-n n
7 ff-g -Va <i.s««« pa>i>l*«-l7c_ rM in r tb« siJe.t V
0 lists I JF=«»'« °-» taeCou-. E»i m5 j -*.-». O
A flfff ft OR. JO.IDAM-O'SIASES SF K&* A
A 3 JV#/ ti Ttairant p-rionalijf or by letter. A ff
V fi y VJ y ftn.i« tVr« .a erriy cs. (u.itmkd. Y
API lift »n«m B.ok. pna«««rni »r A
V ' ;i H 7 * mabhi.****.. uaiuu> r«&a. (aV
A {1 {i. valuable boo* for mm) a
V DR. JOCDtN * CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. V
&L^ FAVORITE
pESCRIPTIOM
m FOR WEAK WOMEN*
¦DDTTOUT7O F ° R BARBEB3. BA-
JDliUoililO ker »- *oot%!acks. b*'J>-
bouses, billiard table*.
brewers, bookbinders, candy, makers, cancsrs.
dyers, flonr mills, foundries. laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, she* factorlts.
stablemen. tar<.rnof*r*. tann»r«. tailors, eta.
BUCHANAN BEOS..
Brush Manufacturer*. '09 Sacrameato St.
y^^V I)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iL^3 6129 KEARXY .ST. L"3Ub:isb..»«l
Mallei*'" ***¦• 'or the treatment r>f IVIvaU*
HJAJm Di.^a^es. Lo<t Manhood. D*hllity or
MflBpg>fclJagft(1l»»s*'» ireariniroD horty »n<l mind and
DivAsej. The Doc tor rur»s when
L l pfillllMn riTiirri -*"• Tr - T hlrn - «'li»'r«"i» lovi.
ZNMtflttfMa<'»»r<*» gu»ri*iitre«l. C»!i or wme.
Dr. J. ¥. fllBBOX. aaii Francisco. Cat.
A fl R fl A Outfits. Guns. Amraual-
1 ft Hfiil tlRD - FUhlnc and Outlay
1 81 BlJl » UgcIs. Tents and Cun» to
I iUHmII "rnt. CATALOG FRES.
LJfllVI 8HREVE * BARBSft CO..
¦¦¦¦¦¦ 733 Market st.
321 Kcarny st.. 3. V.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Xa th.9 only car* for Nervotui asff
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Drug-gist or at £9$ HAIGHT tt m „
6*a FraacUca, Cai, __An Oakland jurist has reached the interesting con
clusion, framed in a. decision from the bench, that a
sane man may^ commit sukide. ' We still have the privi
lege, however, of refusing to accept the decree either
as a valuable acquisition to sociology or as a. permanent
modification of Christian ethics until we know whether
or not the learned judge has- lived anywhere except in
Oakland. '...-. .
Four-fifths of the principals of the
public schools of New York are said
to be in favor of reviving "corporal
punishment for refractory pupils and
for six 'months past many of them
have been urging their views on the
Board of- Education, a committee of
which is now considering the subject
Corporal punishment ws abolished
in the^ schools of New York about
thirty years ago and when the boards
of education of the different boroughs
'A Rod in Pickle.
A French scientist has startled the world by the an
nouncement that old age is due to a germ that finds un
welcome lodging in poor unfortunate man. We will
probably soon receive the same information in reference
to this death-dealing intruder that has been vouchsafed
to us in regard to every other disease-breeding, life
taking microbe; it cannot be removed from the human
body without ; destroying the. patient."
Another Coon Song Hit.
Special Correrpondence.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
5 HENRIETTA STREET.. COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON, June 14.— If you
read that all !s well in .the London
theatrical world, don't believe it. The
fact is that seldom on this side of the
water has there, been such a wholesale
slump In play-going as the metropolis
now Is experiencing. Failure has fol
lowed failure — one of the latest at this
writing being "Cynthia," in which
Ethel Barrymcrre opened at Wynd
ham's. Wyndham himself, Beerbohm
Tree and other managers almost as
well known are resorting to short re
vivals to help things on. And this In
June, when the town, is. filling and the
season is getting into full swing. I
em told that on the flrEt night of
"Cynthia," out of all the folk who-oc
cupied the "pit" three only had paid
for their seats -and that, on another
ryy HE. Wall Street Journal reads The Call an edi-
I torial. lecture for calling it "the organ of the great
•*• financial combines." The Journal' says:
"The 'great financial combines' is' a phrase the mean
ing of which is not entirely clear. We assume, how
ever, that it is intended to mean the principal financial
interests of Wall street; that is, those people who are
engaged principally in the practice of .finance, which
consists, essentially, in selling' securities to the public.
Of course, when a sale is made of anything by one
person to another, the assumption is that each i\ satis
fied with his., bargain and that each derives benefit
therefrom. . Many of the securities manufactured and
sold by the great' financial interests are good securities
and sold to the public at a fair price, so that the public
has received benefit from their purchase. It would be,
however, the duty of the organ of the 'great financial
combines,' if there were such a thjng, to, do all in its
power to induVe the public to buy any and all securities
offered by these people,,) regardless of merit. Such" a
newspaper would be false to its trust in doing so. It is
the duty of a. newspaper dealing with financial matters
to, consult- first ,the v interests of its rtadcrs in all such
ABOUT ORGANS.
The War Department of the United States has rather
tardily demonstrated to a grinning nation that it actu
ally possesses a sense of* the ludicrous. After a deal of
unnecessary and absurd clatter it has decided that the
love affairs of Lieutenant Colonel Pitcher are no con
cern ¦ of the grizzled warriors of Washington or any
where else, and the threatened court-martial will never
be. Cupid has no right of complaint in the court of
Mars^f
By authority of the Board of Supervisors San Fran
cisco will be lighted all night every night of the next
fiscal year. This is a boon, graciously granted by the
municipality, for which we should, be deeply thankful.
Those of us that of necessity have to travel the streets
after nightfall may be- able occasionally to see in the
fitful glare of a street lamp the strange figure of a police
man on patrol.
Ordinary folks may be pardoned if
they fail to appreciate the kind of
archaeological Dacoity which sets store
by the possession of the skulls of cel
ebrated individuals. Recently the oft
told story of Cromwell's skull — how
It came into the possession of its pres
ent owner, how carefully he preserves
it, and the reasons why it should be
regarded as a genuine relic — has been
again "discovered." It Is said that the
skull of Richelieu likewise lacks a
decent burial. Just as the remains
of the great ' Protector were disin
terred and subjected to every kind of
posthumous Indignity at the restora
tion, so. during the reign of terror,
the grave of the mighty Cardinal was
desecrated and the head severed from
the trunk, to be exposed to public
scorn. In after years the French Gov
ernment tried on several occasions to
ascertain the whereabouts of Riche
lieu's skull, but without success and
it is supposed that to this day some
private, museum contains It. — London
Globe. ' . < *' r
Skulls.
The trustees of the Napa Asylum for the Insane have
been brought to the bar of inquiry on the old and fami
liar charge., that they have discriminated against the
lowest bidders in the purchase of supplies for the in
stitution. The customary programme of a State scan
dal, with crimination and recrimination and an ultimate
clouding of the whole issue, is no\v ( in order. We haven't
had one of these diverting incidents of State public life
for some time.
Did time and space, stern foes, have
power to sever
The hearts that used, we thought, to
bent as one;
And. thou and I say our good-by for
ever,
AVhen thou did'st take that path be
yond the sun?
— Louise Chandler Moulton, in the July
Scrlbner"s.
night.
Oh. must it be that when I follow
after —
Vagrant among the millions of the
stars —
The scornful worlds will . mock with
careless laughter
'My lonely strife to reach heaven's
sundering bars?
Thous hast gone on so far I cannot find
thce —
Above the golden stair to the great
light —
Old dreams.' old hopes, all thou didst
leave behind thee.
Forgotten, as the day forgets the
Between the Worlds.
de Rothschild, for some time has pos
sessed at his country place in Buck
inghamshire a fire department of his
own equipment that excited the
envy of his wealthy neighbors, but re
cently he has supplemented it by the
addition of a motor fire engine and
can now boast that he has by long
odds the most "up-to-date and efficient
private fire department in the United
Kingdom.
• To-day the engine— which cost
J5000 — and its capable crew are
housed at Tring Park ready to extin
guish anything from a fire among
Walter Rothschilds pet fleas to a seri
ous blaze in the great mansion so
famous throughout England as the
place where the "week end" was in
vented. The men in the accompany
ing picture, wearing the uniform of
the London Metropolitan Fire Brigade,
made the official test of the apparatus
before it was shipped to Tring.
The engine is built for hard service
with the minimum of wear and tear.
With running gear of the best knov.n
to automobile construction, it can
carry eight men and a good supply of
ftose thirty miles an hour on the road,
and wTIen the energy of the powerful
motor is turned upon the pumps 300
gallons of water per minute pour from
the nozzles.
It is no wonder that the Baron
bought the best he could, for, besides
the palace in which he lives^he has to
protect the greatest private natural
history collection in the world, which
is the special hobbj' of his only son,
Walter. Although there is hardly an
animal above or below the earth of
which Walter Rothschild has no speci
men, the member of Parliament con
centrates most of his i=pare time and a
large share of his income on birds
and — his fleas. Only last August he
offered a reward of $5000 for a perfect
epecimen of tljo rl?a which makes life
Interesting for the Arctic fox. So far
as known, however, that particular
flea is still at large.
Nor is this "the only part of the col
lection in which fire would mean ruin.
Besides his numberless cabinets of
dead specimens in quarters of special
construction, animals of every sort
abound, many of them too wild to
roam about the park, and an outbreak
of fire in this "zoo" unless promptly
controlled would soon undo the work
of more than twenty-five years. .
Since the recent virulent outbreaks
of "booing" from the gallery gods a
first performance of a play In London
has become more a trying affair than
ever. And when the actor-manager
has a brand-new author into the bar
gain he can be pardoned for dropping
a good many, lines now and then
through nervousness. The • production
of "The Edge of the Storms" meant a
good deal tp Forbes Robertson *at the
Duke of York's Theater this week,
for luck has not always been with him
of late; but it looks as If he could
count on a fair amount of success
for this venture. There was no "boo"
and there was much real enthusiasm
for Margaret Young's melodrama. The
plot deals with the effort of a' fiery
Hungarian girl to avenge the death
of her. father at the hands of a young
Englishman,' whom she had rescued
after her father had condemned him
to execution. She traces the supposed
murderer to India and then gets mar
ried to him without knowing that he
is the man who killed her father. But
at the. moment of the dread discovery
she learns that the deed had been com
mitted unawares, and love conquers
In the end, \ , „ .
which, by the way, is the dress circle
one on the "prompt" side. And the
re ason is that at the beginning of "The
Earl and the Girl's" run three officers
of the fashionable "Guards" Regiment
took the box on speculation for a period
of six months at a rental of $13 a
night and since have been charging
practically what they like for its use
on such evenings as they are not oc;
cupying the place themselves. Forty,
forty-five and fifty dollars has been
paid by outsiders thus far for the
"Sammy" box, with the. result that the
"three Guardsmen" are flush. And
for some time they have been utilizing
no small part of their gains in acquir
ing attractive novelties, which — on the
nights when they are in possession of
the box — they throw or hand down to
the singers on the stage. Bouquets of
costly flowers \ are the least extrava
gant of these tokens. Dainty, fluffy
sunshades are among the more lasting
presents. At Eastertide twenty-six
huge egg? of satin containing beautiful
presents were passed over to the sing
ers, and once a small pet monkey was
sent clambering down from the box to
the stage as a gift. Even thiB was sur
passed, however, one night when, let
down by ropes, came a huge dog.ken
nel made of Parma violets in which
sat a valuable bulldog.
The "Sammy" box is as Interesting
to the audience as it is to the singers.
Three days before Eton, reopened re
cently the box was taken by ten
youthful Etonians, who had succeed
ed in outbidding all other competitors.
"Sammy," it may be remembered,
began Its history In America, when
Blanche Ring sang it in a piece called
the "Defender," which had been built
up erour.d the yacht race, and on
the night when Sir Thomas Lipton
went to see the piece addressed the
song to the box in which he sat. Last
November Miss Ring sang "Sammy"
at the Palace Theater in London, and
when the Savoy Theater' opened" with
"The Love Birds"* she sang it again,
and on the second night of the piece
two men were so enthralled with
"Sammy", that they leaped from their
box to the stage.
In "The Earl and the Girl". Louise
Pounds sings "Sammy" surrounded by
a, whole bevy of charming girls.
THE rr-TO-DATK MACHINE FOJ1 PIRK FIGHTING THAT HAS UEEN ADDED
BT LOUD ROTHSCHILD TO THK ALREADY EFFICIENT DEPARTMENT
HE MAINTAINS OS HIS E^iATK AT TRIG PARK.
poodle. When she saw her mistake
she simply fell in a fainting fit.*
"Another case I recollect happened
in one of the big hotels where an alarm
of fire was given. On going through
the rooms to locate the source of the
fire I caught sight of a portly gentle
man just as he was rushing from his
room in his night dress and in his
hands he held a box of tooth powder,
a tooth brush, a towel and a bathing
sponge. I also on this occasion as
sured the frightened man that there
was no danger and advised him to re
turn. He did so, but asked me to step
into his room. I complied, and to my
astonishment, lying on the bureau
within sight was a gold watch, diamond
cuff and shirt studs and about $400 In
paper and coin. And yet that man
was leaving all that behind and hold
ing on to a worthless lot of stuff.
"Now*" continued the Chief, "it is
not so much courage as presenc of
mind that does these wonderful acts
of bravery that we read of in the
papers. Presence of mind every time,
courage will follow."
WE HELD A BOX OF TOOTH POW
DER. TOOTH HKn?H. TOWEL.
AND BATHING SPONGE.
Two numerously signed petitions have been presented
by citizens of Seattle within a fortnight, requesting im
mediate action, but without result, except in a small way.
One dairyman was ordered to open a closed sewer un
der a milk barn and to whitewash the Interior . of the
barn, and another dairyman has been compelled to put
his dairy in a sanitary condition. These are the only
results from several public hearings to* date, so far as
disclosed by the columns of the Times.
According to the same authority the State of Wash
ington is also tied up and unable to afford relief by mak
ing the necessary analyses because it has no laboratory.
Charges are confined to specific instances by the Times
which says: "The Board of Health and dairies will be
allowed to continue in their own way while children and
invalids drink milk known in one instance to come from
an unsanitary dairy and in another charged with being
unclean."
¦ The confession of the impotency of Seattle to protect
itself "against a manifest danger of grave size, that the
Times makes, accompanies other interesting statements
to the effect that it has been notorious that the law
governing the conduct of dairies has not been observed;
that this has been generally and publicly discussed and
not denied; and that Seattle made a mistake when it
let the contract for making bacteriological investiga
tions to a body that fails to work when it is most
needed.
It is gratifying that the Board of Health in this city
is doing better work than its associated body in Seattle,
but' there should be no relaxation in its endeavors.
Every person who dies in San Francisco by reason of
bad milk, which might easily have been kept from him
by the duly constituted authorities, and every person
whose health is undermined by bad milk, constitutes an
accusing' witness against all who are responsible either
through negligence or greed.
DISPLAYED under large headlines the Seattle
Times, makes a confession of a most astonishing
sort. The headlines are as follows/ shorn of
symmetrical spacing 1 and variegated samples of job
type: "Board abandons plan to clean dairies; Bacteri
ological investigation falls through before: it is started;
Citizens in petitions complain of two unclean milk
barns."
The Seattle City Board of Health proposed not long
ago, possibly stimulated by the stir in this city' relative
to the furnishing of polluted milk to the people of San
Franci?co, to make general bacteriological examinations
.of samples of all milk sold from dairy wagons in Seattle.
The purpose was to determine whether the milk is in
fected from unsanitary barns in. the county to the extent
that would cause a spread of disease.
On the face of this the proposition would seem to be
meritorious. The lives of the children of Seattle are un
questionably precious and the general health of the milk
drinking community is not less so. It appears that the
Kings County Medical Society receives $125 a month
from the city under contract to furnish an analytical
and bacteriological laboratory where all needed work
is to be performed. But the society, so says the Times,
''considers the work too large an undertaking and the
local Board of Health, which gave the contract to the
society, is not urging, therefore, that it shall be done."
AN ASTONISHING CONFESSION.
A Private Fire Department.
Si*oial Correspondence.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
B HENRIETTA STREET, COVEXT
GARDEN. LONDON, June 14. — That
enterprising nobleman. Baron Alfred
is a prisoner
A Police Judge of Portland seems to have discov
ered a punishment that fairly fits the crirne. of that par
ticularly offensive brute, the wife-beater. When one of
the degrading species appeared in court the other day
the Judge ordered a police officer to choke him. This
was well done, and- then the beater of women was sent
to jail for a month. The choking process should be
made a matter of 'daily routine for the fellow while" he
THE Examiner devotes editorial space to the civil
disturbances in Colorado. > It is to be regretted
that it leaves unanswered our question, '-"What
was the duty of the State government in Colorado?"
The Examiner sums the situation up by saying: "It is
government by special interests, for special interests,
carried to its logical conclusion, that is on exhibition;"
The examination of the record will illuminate that
declaration. In the mining regions there was local gov- ,
ernment. In our complex system the local government
is the first to touch the citizen.* It is in first contact.
The local government is charged with the protection of
the rights of person and property, and the punishment of
all who violate them. It must protect the peace of all.
It must make every man secure in the right of private
contract, the fundamental property right. It must make
it safe for every man to cam his living in a lawful vo
cation. It must make the use of streets and highways
safe for the use of every citizen, on his way to work
and to his home. It must enforce the law in these re
spects against all who violate it.
The«e are the fundamental purposes of local govern
ment. Were they fulfilled in the disturbed districts in
Colorado? Was" every man safe in the performance of
his private contract? Were the 'rights "of person and
property respected? ! Were the streets and highways
safe for the use of all 'on lawful errands?
The answer by the record is no! xThe Miners' Federa
tion disrespected the rights of person and property. It
made the streets and highways unsafe. It denied the
right of private contract and enfofced its denial by the.
death penalty. ' It arrested and deported from the dis
trict, under circumstances of exceptional inhumanity,
over a hundred citizens, murdering several in the pro
cess, whose offense consisted in standing upon their
right of private contract. It forbade any. one to do any
form of business in the district except under its dictation
and under the badge of submission to it. In enforcing
this policy it killed half a hundred men. Mine owners
and superintendents were assassinated. Mine workers
were shot down, going from their homes to their work,
or from their work to their homes.
There was present all of the machinery of local gov
ernment. That government was charged with the duty
of enforcing equality of right and equality of safety.
But its officers were either members of the Miners' Fed
eration or were elected by it and subservient to it. It
simply recorded the decrees of that federation and gov
erned for it and for none other. The federation was a
special interest. The local government, in the language
of the Examiner, was "government by a special inter
est and for a special interest carried to a logical conclu
sion," by holding -all rights for that special interest
alone and denying all rights to everybody else.
Now it is pleaded in extenuation of this collapse of
local government that the Legislature failed to pass an
eight-hour law under the dictate of a referendum. The
article of Ray Stannard Baker, in McClure's, on the
subject has misled the country as to the validity of that
provocation. The record fact is that in that district
there had been an eight-hour day. for ten years, and
in most of the smelters for five years. If the^Lcgislaturc
had passed an eight-hour law neither the mine owners,
nor the Miners' Federation would have been in the least
affected by. it, for they had it already, and had had it
for years. Nor was any question of wages in issue. The
only issue was the right of the Miners' Federation to
replace civil government, strike down the right of con
tract, and destroy the guarantees of the constitution,
and maintain in an American State a district divorced
and separated from its system of civil law, where no
right of civil liberty was permitted. On the record made
by the federation and the State no other issue appears.
The list of black crimes committed in the establish
ment of that form of government is of indelible record.
If the State had remained supine, then the mining re
gion of Colorado would have been in fact permanently
separated from the State government. It would have
ceased to be governed by the laws of the State, or of
the United States. It would have been a civic mon
strosity, a place with no law but the arbitrary will of
the secret circle of the Miners' Federation.
Again, we ask the critics of Governor Peabody to
say what he should have 'done under the circumstances.
If they say that he should have done nothing, then
they advocate the overthrow of civil liberty and stand
in denial of the right of a State to prevent it. The
course of Governor Peabody is not without precedent.
When the Mormon community at Nauvoo became a law
unto itself, exactly like the Miners' Federation in Colo
rado, local government failed. The Governor of Illi
nois, using the militia, deported the whole Mormon com
munity, sent them out of the State and forbade their re
turn. It is not to the question that this deportation,
furnished instances of crying inhumanity. No one
questioned the fight of the Governor to use the only
remedy in his hands to get rid of people who had sepa
rated themselves from the civil State and erected a
theocracy in its place.
It is only the highest bidder that
gets this particular box at the Adelphi,
Al! day long and half the night
through theater ticket' agencies all over
town are being rung up while the in
quiry is made: "What will I haye to
pay for the 'Sammy' box at the Adel
phi to-night?" Fashionable folk drive
up to the theater entrance, messenger
boys arrive and servants in livery—
the question is always the same:
"What price the 'Sammy 1 ' box for to
night?" '
Yet In the very midst of this awful
slump there is one bright exception.
America tent over- a song, a lilting,
catchy song. .It sent over also the way
to sing it, the way to bring down the
house and to make a rattling success
of whatever piece it happened to be
given in.
The sc-ng is "Sammy" and it is re
sponsible for the extraordinary state
of things that exists at the Adelphi
Theater, where it is sung in "The Earl
and the Girl." , ,
evening, at one prominent West End
theater, not only were no seats paid
for but not even a programme was
sold.
While chatting with a few of his
acquaintances a few nights since over
the bravery of Hoseman August En
gelke, who risked his life to save the
little child, Laurie Massa, on June 11.
acting Chief of , the Fire Department
John Dougherty gave some amusing
reminiscences *>f his experience with
persons who become daxed when con
fronted with danger from fire.
To give Chief Dougherty's own words
in reciting these occurrences: "I recol
lect a fire on Powell street," said he,
"one night about seven years ago when
a lady, on finding her premises on fire,
seized a little mangy-looking poodle
dog, wrapped it up in a lace shawl,
carefully put ft under her arm. and
was on her way downstairs with no
other garment to cover her but a flimsy
nightgown. After assuring her that
there was no Immediate danger I
coaxed her baok to her room, and to
my astonishment I found a baby boy,
aged. I should say, two years, lying
snugly asleep In a little crib. I drew
her attention to her forgtfulness in
leaving the baby behind and taking the
Presence of Mind.
THE COLORADO CASE.
things, and -such a newspaper could not be called an
'organ of the combines.'"
This is rather enigmatical. A vast volume of securi
ties manufactured by the great financial combines were
not valid securities. That is to say, they were not based
upon productive assets capable of returning to the buy
ers the profit in- dividends that was reasonably expected
when they bought. The newspapers which speak for
the combines charge this lack of profit to the buyer
upon President Roosevelt, because he enforced the law
against the combines that manufactured securities. . Of
course good securities suffered . by impingement upon
the bad. But that is no reason for trie argument that
the President did wrong in enforcing the law.
It was because we saw in the Journal evidences of
enmity to the President that could have no other cause
than his enforcement of the law tfyat we call it an
"organ!" It denies that it is an "organ," and we leave
it to say just what sort of an instrument plays the tune
in which it so often indulges. '*
THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1904.
Special information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 33ft Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. "
Townsend's California Glace fruits la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
CARVING— Subscriber. City. "Oon
versatlon is but carving" is ttom Jona
than Swift's poem. "To a Lady." The
stanza in which this appears Is as fol
lows: • V.
Metaphcrta meat and drink
la to understand and think:
We may carve for others thu»;
And let oth«ra carv«« for . us; ;
Tc discourse and to attend
I* to help yourself and friend. -
Conversation la but carving;
Carve for all, yourself lsi starving/
Give no more to every guest
Than he's able to digest: s
J Give him Always of the prime.
And but little at a time.
Carve to all but Just enough;
Let them neither starve nor stuff;
And that you may have your duo.
Let your neighbors carve for you.
NUEVO LEON— A. L. O. M. Nuevo
Lecn is one of the interior Mexican
States, having an area of 23.635 square
miles. It is intersected by numerous
branches of the Rio Grande, but there
are no navigable streams within Its
confines. The State has extensive val
leys, which consist of forests, pasture
lands and cultivated flejd3. The soil
is generally fertile, but needs Irriga
tion. The chief products are sugar*
cane and maize, three crops of the lat
ter being raised annually. But little
wheat Is raised. For additional Inform
ation as to- present conditions, address
a communication to the United States
Consul, City of Mexico.
PARTNERSHIP— A. t>. S.. City. The
rule In partnership concerns, is that
a new partner coming into an existing
firm is not liable in respect to the debts
contracted by the firm previous to his
entering it, unless he expressly as
sumes them.'
Answers to Queries,
Spiritualism we have always with
us, but every now and then it crops
up with peculiar intensity, generally as
a result of some wonderful manifesta
tion which puzzles the multitude.
Among these manifestations spirit
photographs are especially powerful,
for, as the unskilled in photography
say, if the spirits were not there how
could they appear in the print? On
this subject an expert has written a
most interesting article in "Pho
tography," purely from a professional
standpoint. He points out no fewer
than thirteen peculiarities of "spirit
photographs," among them that the
"spirit form" Js in many cases "lit"
from the opposite side to the sitter,
and that the "spiritual" part of the?^
photographs is characterized by ins
peculiar degradation of tone values
well known to and easily recognized
by photographers . as resulting from
copying a photograph: and that many
"spirit faces" bear unmistakable evi
dence of the interposition at soms
stage of the process of a half-tone
screen. The result of these and other
considerations is summed up by the
writer in the statement that the judi
cially skeptical investigator can hav»
no hesitation in his decision that some
where or other in the production of
these photographs there has been de
liberate, intentional and very clumsy
trickery.
Spirit Photographs.
Editor The Call: According to a re
port in your valued paper the Rev.
Jefferson E. Scott gave an address be
fore the members of the Methodist Min
isters' Association on the subject of
"Unveiled Hinduism," and in reply to
questions undertook to compare Chris
tian Science with the Vedant philoso
phy. "While Dr. Scott may be familiar
with Hinduism, it Is certain that his
knowledge of Christian Science is very
limited, for what he calls the "simi
larity between them" does not exist.
The teaching "that by mental ab
straction and Yogi practices there may
be entire exemption from all human
ills" has no place in Christian Science,
and the explanation that a Yogi "is one
who seeks to entirely obliterate all his
faculties and senses by acts of pen
ance" Indicates the great difference be
tween such practice and that of Chris
tian Science.
Christian Science is the spiritual un
derstanding of Christianity as taught
and demonstrated by Christ Jesus and
has nothing in common with the, licen
tious rites and practices which Dr.
Scott attributes to Hinduism. Our
Master said to his disciples, "Ye shall
know the truth, and the truth shall
make you free," and It is only through
knowing this truth concerning God and
man's true relation to Him and obedi
ence to God's spiritual law that exemp
tion from human ills can be obtained.
The practice of Yogism is as repugnant
to Christian Scientists as it is to other
Christians and has no connection what
ever with Christian Science. Sincereiy
yours. FRANK W. GALE.
San Francisco, Cal.. June 28. 1904.
Christian Science Compared.
were consolidated the prohibition was
extended in a by-law. Meantime in
schools other than public whipping of
the pupils has passed entirely out of
vogue. In families also it has fallen
Into disuse. — New York Sun.
THE S A;N ; F RAN CIS C Q CALL
JOHN D, SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . . . . v-. . .Address All' Commanications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
PubUcaUon Office ............. /... ........................'. .~ . . . :Thlrd and Market Street*. & F :
WEDNESDAY ; >„. ...........' ....... i • • • • • JUNE 29, 1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESHELD FOR COCNVERFEITTNG.— William
CKBrtea was held yesterday to answer by
falt-il Statrs «.*«itn.mis«iufi.er lljulry ,u ~2u.it
bunds for hariac raised a 91 silver certificate
to a bill or HO.
Land of the Midnight Sun. Glaciers
and a thousand Islands en route. In 5 We
passage. Seasickness unknown.' The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
leave Seattle 3 a.m. July 5, 1*. Aug. 2.
1*. For information apply to Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.*s Ticket Offices. 4
New Montgomery st. (Palace Hotel) and
10 Market at. C D. Durrann. Gen. Pas
senger Agent. San Francisco. . •
Alaska Excursions Season 1904.
SUPERVISORS 3IAY NAME
STENOGRAPHER AFTER ALL
Rcsolution Authorizing the Appoint
ment Will Be Introduced Despite
Mayor's Veto of Item.
The fact that Mayor Schrnitz vetoed
the appropriation of $1200 for an ex
tra stenographer for the Board of Su
pervisors and the veto was sustained
will not deter the board from at
tempting to make the appointment.
Supervisor Braunhart yesterday or
dered a resolution providing for the
appointment of the stenographer to
be prepared for presentation at next
Monday's meeting of «the board. The
funa out of which the appointee will
be paid has not yet been decided upon,
but the money will come either from
the urgent necessity fund or from the
$2000 allowed the Public Utilities
Committee for expenses. Braunhart
proposes to make the salary of the
position $1300 yearly instead of $1200,
as vetoed.
In all likelihood the Mayor will
veto the resolution and there is some
doubt ' If the board can muster the
votes necessary to override the veto.
Dollar Walts With Cargo.
The British steamer M. S. Dollar
from Calcutta has been given "gen
eral orders" from the s custom-house
to discharge cargo on July 5, by which
time the invoices will have arrived.
. A handsome souvenir of the dedica
tion of El Cantnanil and its chime of
bells at Mills College has been issued.
The souvenir contains a programme
of the exercises at the dedication and
the statement of Mrs. C. T. Mills, also
a story of "The Belfry and Bells," by
F. W. Damon. The address of Charles
R. Brown at the dedication of the bell
tower and an ode by Miss Julia Tol
man Lee are given, and portraits of
Mr. and Mrs. F. M- Smith, the donors
of El Campanil, and David Hewes. the
giver of the chime of bells, are pre
sented In the beautiful work.
Mills Collect? Issoes Souvenir.
CITY GETS SAFETY STATION'.— The mer
chants in the vicinity of Market. Stccktcn
anj Fourth streets sent a communication yes
terday to the B.iard of Supervisors formally
transferrlcs to the city the safety station
erected at their expanse at the junction of
the streets named. •
tD PT^.T. N-ETTSFAFER SHARES.— Hesry
?. S«;« a=4 Cbaries E. Grert:. r^artllans of
.'"rsr;»« T- Cr-xk£T and Je=ni* A. Crocker.
tzZzcts. yesterday obtained permission to s«il
*t tZS a ehare 666 -2-3 shares of the «tock
•if tlve Journal cf Ccesserre and Commercial
• FclieUn cf New York. The nhares were
; :«^e«i t-y tbm late <rharle» F. O?cker by the
* haritrsrt 2rra of S. I>. Davis & Gs.
The California Manufacturing Com
pany of this city filed in the United
States District Court yesterday its
schedule in Involuntary bankruptcy.
It owes $44,554 and has $9016 assets.
Among the creditors are workmen
and clerks, to whom the firm owes
$1031 for wages. The heaviest cred
itors are Bank of California, promis
sory notes, $14,000. overdraft $-11,192;
Howard Company. cok», $1793; Mc-
Xab & Smith, drayage. $1203; P. A.
McDonald, coke, $1137; Tim Hopkins,
rent and note, $2250; Doak Sheet
Metal Works, note. $373. The sched
ule 'i3 prepared by W. J. Stewart.
Among the as3et3 are cash on hand.
$1 09; cash in bank and elsewhere,
$30 70: solvent credits, $S3; machin
ery. $2550. Julius H. Haesters. Iss3efe
of the Villa Fontenoy, Santa Cruz
County, also filed a schedule. He owes'
$3984 and has $2«30 assets.
Bankrupt Schedules.
The California Northwestern Railway la
making tow srecial rates this rear for the
Fourth, cf July Holidays. Tickets go en gale
Friday. July 1. ami will be sold on tils id.
Cd and -4th. with return limit Tuesday, July 5.
During- the past two years the company has
extended Its road from Vklah to Willits and
frcci Willlts to Sherwood, cpenia? a practically
urkaowa country. The rMe over the moun
tains aJTorda one of the must beautiful trips on
th* continent. Between Ckiah and Ridjre-arocd
the road ascends from «li> feet aboire the sea
to 10-1O feet. At Wllllts tbe elevation Is l'Mi
feet, and tn the thirteen miles between Wllllts
and. Sherwccd th« road ascends to 2333 feet
above the sea. at En Clma. the summit, then
descends Into Sherwood Valley, where the ele
vation is 220O feet. The view from Ea Cima.
the Summit, covers miles and miles "of red
wood forests yet untouched by the ax, and In
th«» dlstanre is geen the Pacific Ocean. The
special rats» e'.ven wtu afford an opportunity
to take in the rraadear acd masniflcence of
this trfjs. •
A New Country Opened Up to the
Public.
MrLK DEUVEREKS.— Th<s KKk War=n
Drivers' Benevolent and Baililing Association
wii on?aalz«j yesterday for the purpose ot
caring for the sick oZ tts members, providing
mutual txnsftta and promoting social tater
course. Amen; the men at the head of tbe
enterprise are llicbael F. Shannon and JosepS
O'Day. The boys who measure out tile mom
inst'a can or lacteal Said are now entitled to
recognition us a corporate body.
No trace has been found of William
P.usinger. the defaulting collector for
rUie'diger &*Loesch of the New Vien
na bakery. Larkin street. The firm
says that the total amount of Rusing
*rV peculations will reach about $1500.
For- three week* he is said to have been
• oilecting money from customers, ap
propriating the collections and telling
his! employers that the customers were
In the country. His arrest is not asked
for at present, as the firm expects that
nis friends will maJce partial restitu
tion- He was last seen on Monday af
ternoon at 2:30 o'clock.
No Trace Found of Roslng^r.
In his opinion Judge Murasky dis
cusses the merits of the case, saying
tht there is no city in the country
where conditions are *o peculiar as
they are here. In a city of so many
wooden structures, he says, the mov
ing of houses is not infrequent and on
the other hand there is no city with
such an extensive railway system and
lines interlacing so completely. The
Judge held that the company had a
rig-ht to maintain its wires and the
movers to move houses, but it must
be considered which right . is para
mount. Where the moving of houses
would result in immeasurable loss by
interfering with the travel of a great
number of people an injunction would
lie, but where the damage inflicted by
cutting wires is measurable an in
junction could not be enforced.
The court requires that the defend
ants stipulate that they will only move
houses at times most convenient to the
railroads.
Judge Murasky yesterday denied the
application of the United Railroads
for an injunction preventing D. J.
Sullivan and other house movers from
cutting the company's wires or ob
structing railway trafic in moving
houses. The court requires the house
movers to supply a sufficient bond in
demnifying the company against dam
age from their necessary acts and or
ders that no wires should be cut ex
cept by the company or under its su
pervision.
Ja«tre Mura^fcy Gives Written Opinion
on Rights of Corporation and
Contractor?.
UNITED RAILROADS CANNOT
ENJOIN MOVERS OF HOUSES
A suit for $20,000 damages has been
filed in the Superior Court against the
members of the L. & M. Alexander
Company, Policemen Stephen Bunner
and Charles Groat and others by Em
ily M. Harrigan, who was arrested on
June 16 on a charge of larceny. She
aileges that her arrest was without
warrant and that the policemen took
her to prison, placed her in a room
with other prisoners, confined her for
sixteen hours,' compelled her to take
off her clothing and searched her.
She sa>-3 she was subjected to other
gross indignities and humiliation and
was denied the right to communicate
with her relatives.
Emily Harridan Brings Suit Against
Typewriter Agent* and Police
Officers. *
ASKS HEAVY DAMAGES
FOR FALSE ARREST
A new move is In prospect in the
legal battle between the owners of
houses on Belden place, used for Im
moral purposes, and the Police De
partment, backed up by the city. Yes
terday the suit of E. Lozior and six
other proprietors of the houses men
tioned against Chief of Police Witt
man, Captain of Police Duke and
Mayor Schmitz for an injunction was
dismissed by the plaintiffs as against
Wittman and Duke without prejudice
to another action. This dissolves the
temporary restraining order against
the police, by which they were pre
vented from, continuing their raids of
the houses.
It was alleged in the complaint of
the proprietors that the police officers
had conspired to "wreck the lodging
house business by entering the places
and dragging the inmates to jail." In
affidavits in answer the police declar
ed that Belden place was In the heart
of the city and near to hotels and the
aters and that the houses therein were
used as places of improper resort.
and New 3Iovc I* Under
Come-mpiation.
Action Releases Temporary Injunction
BELDEN PLACE PROPRIETORS
DISMISS POLICE SUIT
Mr. Beecroft. the manager for Mrs.
Leslie Carter, announces that the star
will appear Thursday night. Her doc
tor promises to have her well on the
way to recovery and well enough to
play by that time. Mrs. Carter will
finish the present week at the Grand,
giving a matinee Saturday and closing
her engagement Saturday night.
James Neill will begin a starring- en
gagement with a matinee next Sunday
at the Grand Opera-house. He will be
supported by Edythe Chapman and the
original Neiil company, which is com
posed of artists of acknowledged abili
ty. Mr. Neill's visits are always a
pleasure, as he brings a repertoire of
modem plays and mounts them lavish
ly. For his opening week he has se
lected one of his greatest successes,
Clyde Fitch's patriotic drama, "Bar
bara Frietchie.' The production will
be the best ever given the play here,
as the immense resources of the Grand
Opera-house stare will admit of effects
impossible at the smaller theaters in
which it has hitherto been given. There
will be an extra matinee on Monday,
July 4.
Neill Company in Barbara
Frietchie , Sunday
Afternoon.
ACTOR JA11ES NEILI* "WHO IS
COMING TO THE GRAND OPERA
HOCSE.
Civil service examinations for pro
motions from sergeant to lieutenant in
the Police Department will be held on
Friday, July 22, and for promotions
from corr>oral to sergeant on Wednes
day, July 20.
"This commission now desires to say
tbat if. x on or before Tuesday next.
July 5. at which time our next regular
meeting will be heid. the information
requested frcm rour honorable board
regarding street sweepers is not re
ceived this department will proceed
without further delay and will set an
examination for street sweepers, bas
ing it uron such information as we
may be able to obtain without the
knowledge we have sought from your
department."
The Civil Service Commission also
sent a communication to the Board of
Supervisors In reply to a request for
information, saying that appointments
for inspection, superintendence and
supervision of the cleaning of streets
could be made from the lists of field
deputies and inspectors of complaints,
but it does not know if the lists are
available, because the Board of" Works
has failed to give the necessary in
formation as to the duties of the po
sitions.
The Civil Service Commission sent a
communication to the Board of Works
yesterday saying that its letter ask
.ing for information regarding street
sweepers, so that a proper basis may
be had upon which to formulate an ex
amination for arplicants, has not been
answered. The communication con
tinues:
It is proposed to employ 175 sweepers,
comprising the gangs now working for
the contractors. Five inspectors will
also be employed to supervise the
T\ork. These latter will not be taken
from the civil service list until the
plan is in working order. The work
will be largely experimental during
July and after that the civil sen-ice
list cf field deputies will be drawn on
fcr inspectors.
In making preparations fcr the city
to do its o^rn street cleaning during
the fiscal year beginning next Friday
the Board of Public Works contem
plates to do more sprinkling than w*3
heretofore done .by the contractors.
Chief Clerk Booker was in consulta
tion yesterday with Commissioners
Schmitz and Maestretti. Maestretti
made a f.at offer of 550OO for water to
he used in sprinkling the streets for one
year. Eleven sr^rinklin^ carts will be
employed for the purpose.
The Board of Works also plans to
fush the streets, thus doing away with
sweeping in some instances. This will
result in obviating the complaints
apainst Crtng dust which have be«n so
numerous under the contract plan.
General MacArthur will inspect the
transport Buford at 10: SO o'clock Fri
day morning.
Captain Frank L. Winn visited Ro
deo rifle range yesterday. He reports
that the troops of the Thirteenth In
fantry are doing good work there. They
will probably return to their respective
posts on July 2.
General MacArthur, accompanied by
his aid. Major West, will inspect the
Third Infantry, now at the model ramp
at the Presidio, to-morrow morning at
9:30.
Captain R. S. Abernethy, Artillery
Corps, has been granted leave of ab
sence for one month, dating from July
15.
_ Captain Charles W. Farr. medical de
partment, will go to American Lake
with the Signal Corps to participate in
the maneuvers there of the Department
cf the Columbia. During his absence
Contract Surgeon E. B. Bailey will act
in his place at Fort Mason and will
also do duty as examiner of recruits.
Colonel George H. Torney, who
took East a number of insane patients
for the National Insane Hospital at
Elizabeth, N. J.. has returned and is
once again in command of the medical
department of the General Hospital ac
the Presidio.
The Third Squadron, Ninth Cavalry,
under command of Colonel Edward A.
Godwin, and the First, Fifth and
Twenty-fourth batteries. Field Artil
lery, under comand of Captains Charles
A. Bennett, John L. Hayden and Ira A.
Haynes, will leave on Wednesday. July
6, for the Henry ranch, in San Luis
Obispo County, whera. the big maneu
vers are to take place in August. They
will be about twelve days in making
the trip. On arrival there the Field
Artillery, under command of Major
Edward J. Brown, will hold their an
nual target practice. As soon as the
cavalry arrive on the scene they will
begin the work of getting the rench
ready for the reception of the main
body of United States troops and the
troops of the National Guard who are
to take part in the maneuvers.
The transport Buford will sail Fri
day at noon for Alaskan ports. She
will be loaded to her full capacity. She
takes the Third Infantry. This includes
4T officers, SIS enlisted men. 20 officers*
wives and IT children, also 30 second
class passengers. In her hold there
will be eight carloads of merchandise,
being the effects of the officers and en
listed men.
STOVES AND REFRIGERATORS.
She will also carry a big amount -of
provisions, including a supply of stoves
and 21 refrigerators. It would seem at
a glance that taking refrigerators to
Alaska would be an absurdity, but they
are. however, a very necessary commo
dity for the comfort of those residing
in that section- Though the winters
are cold, bleak and drear, the summers
are excessively hot.
The troops are carrying all their
household effects, as they expect to be
stationed In Alaska for two years at
least. The freight is bulky rather than
weighty.
Captain William H. Patterson, Twen
ty-eighth Infantry, one of the officers
in charge at the Rodeo rifle range, met
with a painful accident last Saturday.
He was superintending the adjustment
of a target when it suddenly fell over
and struck him on his left side, break
ing his left thumb In two places.
Brigadier General Frank M. ' Coxe,
who went to Honolulu on the transport
Sheridan, sailing from here June 1.
will take passage on the transport
Sherman from that point to Manila.
General Coxe, who had been danger
ously ill prior to his departure, was
greatly benefited by the trip. He is
accompanied by his daughter, Miss
Mabel.
GOES TO AMERICAN LAKE.
Stale eggs and rancid butter were
not to the liking of the inmates of the
Napa Asylum, according to the state
ment of the board of managers of that
institution in its answer filed yesterday
to the complaint of the A. L. Lundy
Company. This is one of the reasons
given by the managers as an excuse
for awarding the contract for furnish
ing butter, cheese and eggs for the en
suing year to another firm, notwith
standing the contention of the Lundy
Company that its bids were the lowest.
In regard to the charge of Lundy
that the contract was illegally aVard
ed to Wheaton. Pond & Harold be
cause the latter's bids were not signed
or identified until after the others were
opened, the managers answer that it
was asreed by all the o*:her bidders,
including the Lundy Company, that
ths bids in question and those of an
other firm should be signed before the
bids were considered.
The asylum authorities aver that
Lundy's bid was not in proper form
In that he did not submit samples of
the articles to be supplied, as required.
In contending that at no time on the
dates mentioned was the Lundy Com
pany a responsible bidder, the man
agers aver that no reliance could be
placed upon the firm to furnish
articles of the grade demanded. It is
said that the firm furnished supplies
to the asylum during the year 1302-03,
but that the butter was short in
weight, poor in quality and at times
unfit for human consumption, and that
the eggs were stale and bad and nu
merous complaints were made about
them, but no attention was paid to the
complaints by the firm. Much of the
stuff supplied, it is said, was not used.
The firm received the contract to fur
nish fresh ranch butter In the year
1303-04, but, instead, furnished butter
which was stale and unsatisfactory.
Complaints were made on five speci
fied dates against the quality of the
butter, but the firm, it is alleged, paid
no attention.
The board says It acted wiselv, dis
creetly and deliberately and after much
discussion in awarding the contract a3
it did, and declares that Its action
was for the best interest of the State
and the institution.
Judge Seawell yesterday set the case
for hearing on August 10.
Consternation rti^rs among the em
ploye* tn the Health Department. The
Health Board will meet to-morrow for
the .purpose of curtailing expenses.
Thjs has-been necessitated by the re
duced .appropriation allowed by the
3c£ri- ci Supervisors. As a conse
quence of the beard's intended action
a r.'JSiber of petitions are likely to be
Vacated" i~ order that the board may
. be able to live within its appropriation
for_ the next fiscal year.
It. is on the cards that not only will
setn^ places be declared vacant owing
v> Insufficiency cf funds, but that other
orr»j!oyes. who will b» fortunate in be
in*' retained, will have to submit to a
reduction cf salaries in order to help
in the policy cf retrenchment which
th«f board has been forced into because
at the unfriendly attitude of the Beard
of "Supervisors.
MAIN OFFICE UPHEAVALS.
The biggest upheaval contemplated
is !Si the tnain Health Office, fcrr which
the sum of $54,600 ha.« been allowed for
salaries. Last year the board received
565^S0. cr 510.SS0 rncre than this year.
The ijoard requested the Supervisors to
Appropriate S"53.^) for the purpose, in
order to maintain the present efficiency
" < f the department, bet it will have to
c worry alcng on $19.52t) less than it aa-
S ticipated and the fiat has gor.^ fcrth
tbat-th* services of some subordinates
» III be" dispensed with-
Ir is understood that the three dis
trict" health officers will be dismissed
tc £'<e!p in the cutting of expenses. This
v. ill.afffct Dr. John F. Dillon. Dr. Till
ssa and JDr. Adler. If it should be
decided at the last moment to retain
any of these they will suffer a reduc
• ziry in their salaries as an offset.
The rMuced appropriation will also
• result in the doing away with one of
.. thre two assistant city physicians. Dr.
Beatrice Hinkle may be the unfortun
ate oaj in this instance although strong
pressure is hems brought to bear to
have her retained.
INSPECTORS TO GO.
; • The blow will also fall on the sani
tary inspectors and at least one of
these.will be dispensed with. The force
* of food, market and milk inspectors
Trill also be reduced, in all likelihood,
by. $ve or six men. to contribute pro
ra'ta. in th« grenera! reduction.
'Chief Food Inspector Robertson is a
° very sick man and. may not return to
hi? duties. In that event the board will
•no? appoint his successor, his work de
volving en Chief Sanitary Inspector
Hass'er. All is not rosy fer the non
•'.civij service assistant sanitary inspec
tor's and district health officers, as in
addition to the less cf some positions
those who are retained will have diffi
* culty in getting* their salaries 'owing to
the* di*»?ction. d the Supervisors in
• rr~*kiry? the appropriation that none
but civil service eligibles be employed.
. There will be some curtailment in
* the Emergency Hospital service owing
t» a- reduction cf $2190 in the apprcpri
aiicn as cempared with last year, when
the s-zts. allowed was 5C3 r S60. including
. 550*0 fcr the Pctrero Hospital. The
board asked fcr $35,5:0, but got cnly
53T.:«0. Some employes in the Small
• pcx .Hospital are also in danger cf re
o '• mQval as but 53000 has been allowed
• that institution against SSGOO last year.
Board Say? Retrenchment Is
Compelled by Unfriendly
Attitnde of Supervisors
Third .Infantry Will Go to
Alaskan Ports Supplied
With Necessary Comforts
Authorities Allege That
Supplies in the Past
Were Poor in Quality
BIDDER IRRESPONSIBLE
Civil Service Commission Is
;<> Hold Elimination for
Sweepers Withotu Delay
LAVS DOWN ULTIMATUM
N03rE KEFEIGERATORS
FUNDS ARE INADEQUATE
Pros]*vtiT<* Dismissals of
Hen lth Department Sub
ordinates Cause Uneasiness
Cavalry and Field Artillery
Will Commence March for
Henry Banch Wednesday
Managers of Napa Asylum
Make Pointed Answer in
the Suit of Lundy Company
Sprinkling Will Be Large
Factor m Cleaning Pub
lie Streets by the City
BOARD TO USE
WATER FREE
TO OPEN
AT GRAND
NEXT WEEK
TROOPS PREPARE
FOR MANEUVERS
MANY PLACES
IN JEOPARDY
RANCID BUTTER
AND BAD EGGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", WEDNESDAY; -JUNE 29, 1904.
9
AMTJSE3CENTS*
MRS. LESLIE
Hu Completely Becorcrvd sad
POSITIVELY WILL APPEAR
..TO-MORROW NIGHT.,
Prilsy sad Satsxdsy Vl^Ii'ts
sad Satsrday 31at£a«e la
DU BARRY
PRICES **. II 30, Jl. T3c aar! JOr
Opening Scxt Soaday Matiast
MR. JAMES IMEILL
ind tbe Original Neill Company
In a Superb Prodacticns • of Clj'ic Fitch's
Patriotic Drairsa.
BARBARA FRI TCHIE.
SPECIAL. STIOIEP. PRICES— 13c. 23c and
SOc. Best reserved seai tn Or:!:e3tra 50c — no
higher.
EXTRA MATIXES MOXDAT. JTXT 4-
VAKXSOAT2S VAUJ>EVXXJJ!r
VAXXSTS BE3C-E32 A3TD COaSPA3TT;
• Gsllaffacr sad Sazzttt; Joaa 7. Clark;
HELEN BERTRAM;
rcster sad roster; Kcnre sad Scott:
Zirrow Trio; Gracey sad BasactS. sad
Orpaeoza Motica ?!rtarei. Sic-sriaT
EtTie-sr Cf tie S. 7. PI3E 3E?iST-
aEZTZTT.
Reraisr rcatlr.ee E'rery Wednesday. Tntir»-
dar. Saturday asd Sanday. Prtcea. tOc. 23c
and 20c.
Costinrzcd end Udsterrupted Success of
THE A\ORmONS.
Escmtiat!=gTy Taxmr aa^ CleTerty Acted.
:0 AC10 t. i^ CI .*. .»D»0 8 Tiij-J)
Last Week of IMmel Lavresca'a
"EIGHT RADfXrX GIRLS."
Oar "Ait Star" Cast of Bnr'.esrjae Artists.
SPECIAL ilATIXEE JXLT i.
COMMKXCIXG SATURDAT. XCXT 9.
(XoU th« Date. PleaM)
"A LCCIT STOITE" <Easiiely JCeW».
And these s^«"t P«t>ls added: DorotSy Mor-
ton. <Jun3 e( Burteaqoe; Nora Bayes. Qseca
ot Ccmedi«a2«.*: Ktce a=d Ca.ly. hjJixp^ >>i
Oeraaa Comedy; Bobfcy North. Peer of H«-
tre« CcaMC^aBX
M-\TIXHE3 5ATCRDAT AND 5CXDAT.
Sasae Pcpclar Prices.
\A/. X. HES3.
arctazr Fublis sad Attcxae7-c.i-&iir.
Tra'.z yiuor. KDum lutj. C!ao» ;pr;c«;ii i'alg
Teiepitoc* Mats 99J.
RenUienvC Jt* - McAilt-tir st.
KcrideBc* T«I*pfeas* Pii« 3441.
GBAPE-BTJTS.
Head
Piece
IS Wrong
when cse forgets. Suppose
• you stop that by feeding the
Brain properly on
Grape-
Nuts
c
io dzys' trid will demonstrate
its truth.
M6 fhere f s a Reason"
TES BEAtTIFUlLY/
nJiDUXATED
ART SUPPLKJIENTS
Beginning with th« issue of
July 3,
TOE SUNDAY CALL
Will L-snc a series of the hand-
somest Art Supplement- ever
issued by a paper in the
United States.
Look at this attractive list:
1. "A Grass Widow," by Bry-
2. **Footli5ht Favorites," by
Bryson.
5. "TeinptaUon," by Bryson.
4. -The Girl in Yellow," by
Bryson-
5. "Innocence," by Bryson.
6. -Constance," by Richter.
7. "Rosamond," by Kichter.
8. "3Iother* and Child." by
Riehter.
9. **Head Over Heels," by
Brown (H. A.).
10. "A Serious Case," by Rose-
land.
Be sore to collect this series.
EVERY O.VE A WINNER.
THEY ARE HUMMERS.
ALCAZAR li~T
• General If i- 1 ; t.
TO-rJIGHT— MATS. THICTIS. AN*I> SAT. "
Etj.. ZZc to 73c. Jiats. TSurs. A Sat.. 23c ts SOa
WHITE A £?c5'? o i£5& n
[WHITTLESEY
la Auysstcs TTtcaiai' Drasatisatioa of Bic&arel
Hardi;u Davts' Papular Scary.
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE
JUGXIFICEST PRODUCTION-.
GREAT ALCUZAR CAST.
"Perfcr=asce was excelle:::." — CItraafcIe,
-1 1 1 1 V A. **¦""— Mi tus with 5?«rtaJ
WHITE 'WHITTL^^HT to . . „
O.VS SVilM^SLS tJAT.
Hirk-t Stre«. K»ar E:$Uti» PScse Secth 533
TO-NIGHT— ATX. THIS WBZX.
MATTi-EES S.4TCRDAT AXT> SVXDAf-
First Tlsie Her- or the Szxng Heart-IsterMC
Drama.
j POWER OFTHE CROSS"
Aa Jmrs-tsse Ssccess la JC«w Tar*:
Jta«ni2c<rTt SceaJc KStets'.
BrtXIUnt Cast:
PBIfT^ Eveniags iee to 90s
ralVtJ Uaxiaeca ICc. 13c. 23o
Starting Jsly 4 XTaCsee— WEDCSI) XK3
PABTED.
TIVOLISS®,
EVENINGS AT S SHAK?.
This City
a i|| 8 n g huvimkb
ASTX3TS.
Extra Sfatise* Xznisy Jal7 4.
FTBOirrSTADE THE SXOXESS*
CTTtCI.T^, 3d nccr. PABABSI.
Cscal T.^clt Pnc*s — t3c. S»Vr. T3c.
Scats Always *eiliu« — Only lt*tiae« Sat.
1 A Splczdld Stair Srcry Aftcraoem «ad
Errslar ta Vim Ti«aier. «^-.
TAKE A BICE O3J THE
jtrrrtATuax ez^ctszc »*tt.tm)/<t».
| r«ta«rard* »=a H*r BABT MOXKET ta Ci»
Zoo.
INSPECT CAB-\RET CE T^X MORT. -
' Hei- the PSTCM-VrrC ST3CKOXT ORCHTS-
. I TRION. t*
I AitATXXra KlffHT TSU3SSAT.
'¦ A^sdagtca. 10c: OHUtrga. Se. *
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Yeafi _ \
-
ADVE3TISI3IENTS.
HOW DO YOU LIKE
Bed Dragon Seltzer?
..Perfectly Harmless..
"fTS FINE." That's what every-
body scys who tr cs it».
Sometbirg gcod fcr* yo3. A5fc fcr It
...SOLD BY ALL DEALERS.-
Red Dragon Seltzer Co.,
NewYcrL
Pzc'fic A^rncy, 118 Bi'terySt.
PilsrA Dmj FAIL TO!
j COURT Lounging}
• /Hill room, the EMPIRE
uuu Parlor, .the
r J PALM ROOM, the
llfflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
Vil uitu LCR. and the LA-
U~ 4.^1 « DIES * V/RITING
HOtelS R OOM.
Remember, This Is the Last i
Wednesday of the Month. §
There Will Be
Something Doing
At Pragers. j
Don't Miss It. I
III AtUXSTS RELIABLE |!
** 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^1 I
G^^323k^2^E32333B^3^^^ES^S^3HHS2^ESSHE3E2E32^E22SIEE^I3t3E3t^Hls^^^Bi
Have a good trip and <¦
a long Holiday on the r
Friday to Tuesday Tickets 1
Sold by the \\
613 MARKET STREET |" Bartenders Form a Club.
More than 100 bartenders employed
in the principal saloons in this city
have formed an organization to be
known as the Unity Club, with head
quarters at S50 Market street. Their
object is. mutual aid and protection
from men who are not fitted to tend
bar. Following are the officers of the
club: President,. William Bootby;
vice president, John Connolly; secre
tary, Harry Burns'; treasurer, Robert
Harrington; directors — R. I* Ander
f=on. Michael Flaherty. E. Colrett.iand
J. McGee. The club will act in con-
Junction with the Liquor Dealers' As
fcadaticn.
KIEL, June 28.— In the race to-day
for the Kiel Yacht Club's" prize, from
Kiel to Eckenofords,. Emperor Wil
liam's Meteor III was first in her class
to pass the winning buoy, followed by
the Hamburg and Ingomar. King Ed
ward will return to Kiel from Ham
burg this afternoon and will attend a
banquet at the castle this evening.
Emperor William's Yacht Wins.
SEATTLE, June 28.— Jay Hughes
pitched one of his famous games this
afternoon against Oakland. Only two
hits were registered against him.
These came in the fourth, a single by
Graham and a double by Devereaux
netting one earned run. This 'was the
only time Oakland near the home
plate. - , ; .
'Seattle pounded the life out of
Schmidt, annexing: fourteen hits, in
cluding.two triples and seven doubles.
JTrisk : made three doubles." '/Iny the
field Oakland was unfortunate, many
balls bounding badly, due to the ir
regular surface. ' ;~ •
' Francks made two errors that, on
a first-class field, would not have en
tered into his record. The balls, how?
ever; were easy and he fumbled. Gan-
Pitches One of His Famous Games
\ V- Against the Oaklands.
JAY HUGHES IN FINE..FORM.
ley played a fine right field despite
the sun. The score:
Seattle — I Oakland —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
VnHn.cf 4 2 1 2 0 Gantey.rf 3 0 0 3 0
Mhler.2b 5 1 1* 2 3'Frnks.ss- 4 0 0 1 3
Dlnty.3b 4 2 2 4 1 IKrger.cf 4 0 O 5 ? t>
Frisk, If 4 3 3 .1 0 Schfly.2b 3 0 0 3 1
Smith, rf 5 0 1 0 o Grahm.lf 4 1 1 0 «
Blksp.lb 5 12 9 2 Devrx.Sb 3 0 1 3 3
Hall, sa. till 4 2Streib,lb 3 0 0 6 0
Wilson, c 3 2 1 3 l'Byrnes.c » 0'0'2-l
Uughs.p 5' 2 2 2 l.Schmdt.p .1 O 0 12
Totals. 40 1414 27 lo' Totals. 30 1 2 24 10
RUNS AND HITSJBY INNINGS.
Seattle ..."". ..0.4 0.1 20 1 6 x— 14
Base hits . 1 2 0 1-2 026 x—U
Oakland 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 — 1
Base hits 0 0 020 0 0 0-0—2
SUKMART.
' Errors — Blankenship, Hall, Hughes, Ganley.
Francks 3, Graham, ' Devereaux, : Byrnes.
Earned runs — Seattle 6, Oakland 1. Two-base
hits — Delehanty. Hall, Frisk 3. Blankenship 2,
Devereaux. Three-base hits— Delehanty, Wil
son." Sacrifice hit— Van Haltren. I Stolen
bases — Van .^Haltren, Frisk. Blankenship. Wil
son, Hughes, Ganley. Struck out — By Hughes.
4, "by Schmidt. 2. Bases on balls — Off Hughes
4. off Schmidt 2. Hit by pitched ball— by
Schmidt 2. Double play — Hall to Blankenship.
UmKire— O'Connell. - Time, of same— 1:15.
rushed out. Their <jries~\vere hoard
by E. r Webster, night watchman for
Cotton Bros., who gave the alarm.
The engines quickly responded and
after half an hour's work the SWze
was put but. , The fire is believer to
have started from crossed wires, it
did very slight damage, destroying
some patterns and, burning the wood
work and roof. Water damaged; the
machines slightly. The total damage
will not ..exceed $500; and*, is partially
covered by insurance.
At 12:20 this morning a fire start
ed in the pattern-room on the second
floor , of the United Engineering
Works at 254-56 Steuart street. Th«
building is owned by Christy & Gray.
Two men were working in the balli
ing at the time and seeing the blj.7.3
Christy & Gray's Plant on Steuaft
Street Scene oT Early Mom-; J -H
Ins Blaze
THE DOE ESTATE. — More, than twenty
heirs of the estate of Charles T*. Doe yester
day petitioned the Superior Court for a partial
distribution of their respective shares In thi»
aggregate sum of $450,OCO.
FIRE CAUSES DAMAGE
AT ENGINEERING WORKS
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, hurdle
handicap — Dr. Long won. Louwelsea second,
Dr' Worth third. Time. 2:OJ.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Almoner
won Titus second. Bell Reed third. Time,
1:00%.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Dug Martin
won. Ripper second, Phyz third. Time, l:41tf.
First race, five furlongs, selling — Nonie won,
Ptnsance second, Red Tip third. Time. 1:01^.
Second race, five and a half furlongs —
Crlgll won. Louise Meining second. Abydos
third. Time. 1:C9^..
Third race, five furlongs, selling — Sir Dougal
won Macflecknoe second, Amasa third. Time,
l:0l! .
SEATTLE. June 28.— Results at The Mead
ows: ' ".';
Racing at the 3Iejulows. *
A special event was the . mixing of
Dick Hyland and Jack O'Brien, an
other Telegraph Hiller, who went out
after a strong fight. Billy ("Rough
House") McDonald met and defeated
Billy Condon in four rushing rounds.
The meeting of Curry arid King was
in the straight Queensbury style and
several ordinary boxing. matches were
crowded into each of their rounds.
McGee received a cut mouth irT the first
round with Carey and bled freely.
When Frank Mayfield and Charles
McCarthy, Hj-poun.iers, first came to
gether they tried to run the four rounds
into one. Knockdowns followed on«
another till the third, when McCarthy
failed to get up in time. George Curry,
a substitute, met Frank King in four
warm, gamey rounds and won the bout.
There were all classes of lively en
tertainment at the Bay City Athletic
Club's boxing exhibition last night in
Mechanics' Pavilion Annex. Hughie
Carey, a 122-pounder, proved too heavy
for Patsie McGee. Jim Kane of Tele
graph Hill went down under the left
hand hammering of Jack Brown, a
hard-hitting youngster from the south
side.
"Rough House? McDonald Defeats
Billy Condon Cleverly After
Four Fast Rounds.
HYLAND PUTS AWAY O'BRIEN
IN EXCITING BOXING BOUT
Fourteenth Annual Entertainment
Scheduled Tor Lust Sunday of
July.
The date set a?r.rt for the four
teenth annual picnic of the County
Leitrim Social Club is fixed for Sun
day, July 31. fit Harbor View Park.
Earnest efforts are put forth to make
this outing the most successful in the
history of the- dub. The following
committees were appointed at a re
cent meeting:
Arrangements — P. M. McCushin (chairman).
P C Morton, M. J. Mcran. James Cohan.
Owen" Charles. Stephen Mv,Gurk. Martin 11.m
ncn, James McGuire.
Reception— R. J O'Reilly (chairman). P. J.
Meehap John Kenny. P. Donahoe, Peter Mi-
Keon. P. Charles. Frank McGuire, Neal Gal
lagher. P. McKeon. Thomas McGuire.
Floor committee — Thomas Conway (floor
manager). James Morton, Frank . Conlan.
James Monahan. 2. m * i ';'^~.
Games committee — Ed Banahan (chairman),
William Muldoon, Phil Harmon. Matt Bohen.
Pen*r McGushln. Thomas Rooney. Owen Mc-
Gulie.
Sylvia Talbott.
Fourth race — Alma Dufour, Major
Mansir, Harrison.
Fifth race — Horatius Incubator,
Mansard.
Sixtli race — Regale, Dixie Lad, The
Bell.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Peter J. Somcrs, Singing
Master, Freesias.
Second race— Handvise, Eva Moe,
Montanic.
Third race — Burleigh, Clifton Forge,
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
COUNTY LEITRIM SOCIAL
CLUB WILL PICNIC
tons. I ¦;.' •:>
Third race — Niblick, Workman,
Merry Lark.
Fourth race— Ort Wells, Mercury,
Aurumaster. j?
Fifth race — The Claimant, Derry,
Hot Shot.
Sixtli race— De Reszke, Gay Lo
thario, Bob Murphy.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Judge Denton, Bardolph,
Seymour.
Second race — Mineola, Spring, But-
SHKEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
,NEW YORK, June 28. — The races
at Sheepshead Bay to-morrow at
tracted a heavy entry. Ort Wells will
pick ;up 130 pounds and will try to
beat Mercury, Aurumaster and Bridle
Path at a mile. The day's entries:
First race, seven furlongs, maiden jockeys —
Rockey 113. Bardolph 113, Heir Apparent 110,
Gold Van 110, South Trimble 108. Clncinnatus
10S, Pan Lougln 108, StlHoho 105. Blanch-
Herman 103, liolinsi 103. Gaviota 103. Raider
IK Ogontz 100. Missing Link 100, Turquoise
Blue OS, May Holladay 05, Champlain 95.
Judge D»nton 05. Seymour 95, Briar Thorpe
9-1. Bcuvier 92. The Cricket 92, Rosie Dlnham
90. Nlskayuna 90.
Second race, one mile, handicap— Hurst Park
121), Douro 110, Buttons 112. Whorler 111.
Dekaber 102, Careless 1C0. Lord Badge 100.
Paimbearer 99. Mir.eola 98. Hello OS, Jack
Ratlin !>7, Spring 95. Grenade 95. Cloten 90,
Wild Pirate S7. (Buttons and Palmbearer,
Thomas entry; Whorler and Mineola, Duryea
entry.)
Third race, six furlongs, on turf, the Pansy
stakes — Niblick lOt, Gold Ten 09, St. Bellane
101), Ike S 1C»J.' Gilnln 1C3. Preen 102. Merry
I^ark 102. Workman 98. Tongorder 110, Carrie
Jones 04. The Chanticleer 92. (Niblick and St.
BeKane. Thomas entry.)
Fourth race, one mile — Ort Wells 130. Mer
cury 118, Aurumaster 108. Bridle Path 106.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs. Futurity
coi:r5e — ScHulamite 124, Agile 122, Derry 119.
Austin Allen U". Red Friar 117. Melrose 117,
The- Claimant 117. Lobo 112. Lochinvar 112.
BUI Ba'.ley II 112. Pete Dalley 112. Hot Shot
112. . Torchello 109, Linda Lee 100, Fair
Reveler 100. .. '
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miled, on
turf, selling— Fire Eater 111. De Reszke 107.
Pentaur 10<t, Hyland 105, Stuyve 105. Wyen>ld
103 Ethics 10;;. Dimple 101, Collegian 100,
Gold Dome 100. Jane 'Holly OS, Ernest Parham
9S Tom Cod 95. Gay Lothario 93, Nlgrette 91,
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
cache, Colonel Maflit.
Third Race — Pretension, Our lillit*,
John Doyle.
Fourth Race^ — Commodore, Foxy
Kane, Harmakls.
Fifth Race — Thane, Hymetttu, Bes
sie McCarthy.
Sixth Race — Bensonhurst. Dr.
ScharfT, Santa Ventura.
First Race — Loretta M, Luretta.
Fruit.
Second Race — Howling Dervish, La-
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
Sacriflce hits — McCreedle, ' Drennan, Spencer,
Miller, Hildebrand. 'Errors — Raymond, Spen
cer, Irwlh. Anderson, Leahy. Earned runs —
, Portland 5, San Francisco 2. Stolen bases —
Spencer. Iberg, Miller, Meany, McCreedie, Na
deau. Bases on balls — Oft Iberg, 3; of! Wha
len. 2. Struck out — By Iberg, 1; by Whalen, 1.
Two-base hits — Steelman, ' Castro, Htldebrand,
Nadeau: Three-base hits — Waldron, Meany.
Double plays — Whalen to Leahy to Townsend;
Xadeau to Staelman. Left on bases — Portland
«. San Francisco 8. Hit by pitched ball — By
Iberg, 1. Hits— Oft Whalen, 7; off Yerkes, 4.
Wild pitch — Yerkes. First base on errors —
Portland 2. San Francisco 1. Time of game —
One hour and forty-five minutes. Umpire —
Browne. . *
SUMMARY.
Portland. .1 0 0 2 0 0 1-4 x— 8
Ease hits...... 1 0.2 30 0 1 4 Jc— 11
San Francisco... 2 0 0 00 1 0 2 0—5
Base hlt» 10 12 1 01 3 3—12
San Francisco — 1 Portland —
AB.R. H. P.A. 1 AB.R. U.3>.A.
Miller. 2b n 1 0 3 C Ndeau. If 5 1 3 % 1
Hildbd, If 4 0 2 10 M'Crdl.rf 3 1110
Wldrn, cf 5 1 1.0 0 Drnan, cf 3 0 0 0 0
Meany, rf 4 2 SO 0 IJeck, lb. 4 0 1 9 2
Irwin, 3b 3 1 0 0 0 Rymnd, n 4 1 1 4 3
Andrsn, s 4 O 2 2 1 Castro,2b 4 2 2 0 2
Twnsd.lb 4 0 2 14 1 Spncr, 3b 2 0 0 0 2
Leahy, fc. 4 0 0 3 1 Stelmn. c4 2 2 2 1
Whalen.p :i 0 11 5 Iberg, p. 4 1 1 0 2
Yerkes, plOlOO ¦
Totals, 33 8 11 27 13
Totals. 35 5 12 21 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
PORTLAND, June'28. — After being
tied with Portland three- times during
to-day's game the San Francisco men
went into the air when Yerkes took
the place of Whalen in the eighth" and
allowed four runs, thus losing by the
final score of 8 to 5. This placed San
Francisco three to the bad, but in the
ninth they filled the bases on three
safe hits. Irwin then sent a hot one
In to Raymond, Portland's new short
stop, and Meany went out at second.
Whalen had pitched a ¦ good game,
only allowing the hits to be bunched
in the fourth inning, when Portland
made two run3. Three' hits were made
off Yerkes out of the first four men
at the bat, all three runners coming
home, owing to the loose work of the
San Francisco fielders following Ir
win's fumble of Iberg's grounder.
Baldwin and Meany led out in the
eighth for San Francisco with a three
bagger apiece, Meany scoring on
Townsend's well placed hit into cen
ter field. The score:
New Pitcher Allows Four Men to
Score and Support Is Poor.
YERKES REPLACES WIIAL.EN.
There vnll'be a fine programme ol
athletic events, consisting of running,
jumping and weight-throwing. The
events in running will be ' 100-yard
dash, 220 yards, 440 yards, one mile and
two mile races. In Jumping the events
will be the running high jump, running
broad jump, runnijig hop, step and
leap; standing three jumps. The
weight-throwing will consist of ham
mer throwing, putting the shot, throw
ing the 12-pound weight, the 42-pound
weight off the shoulder, and Flinging
the 56-pound weight. For the forego
ing amateur events gold and silver
medals will be given for nrst and sec
ond prizes respectively.
There will also be races for boys and
girls under 12 years, for boys and girls
under 16 years, young men's race,
young ladie?' race, old men's race and
old ladies' race, fat men's race, fat la
dies' race, a race for elembers of the
A. O. H. only and a ladies' race for
"members of Ladies' Auxiliary only.
Cash prizes will be given for each of
these events. Boats leave foot of Mar
ket street, Tiburon ferry, every half
hour from 9 a. m. to 2:30 p. m. Tickets,
round trip, BO cents; children, 25 cents.
A special feature of the day's sports
•will be the Gaelic dances for children,
youths and adults, fc-r which cash
prizes will be given. Special Irish
rnusic has for this style
of dancing, which is revered and cher
ished by the sons and daughters of
Ireland. 0-
The committee en grounds and trans
portation, consisting of D. Fitzpatrick,
J. H. Dolan, M. Donohue, D. Barry,
James Cox and T. P. O'Dowd, visited
Kchuetzen Park on Sunday and re
ported that tfce grounds for athletic
events were in good condition and that
arrangements were made with Captain
Brachme to- give an extra rolling and
harrowing to that portion used for
jumping. The reception committee,
through its chairman, J. H. McGinnis,
reported that every detail tending to
increase the comfort and pleasure of
the thout-ands who will be present on
the Fourth had been attended to and
promised a most enjwyable time to both
young and old. „ •'.
The Ancient Order of Hibernians,
vhich takes in all of the divisions,
the county board included, has com
pleted the final arrangements for a
grand picnic at Schuetzen Park on
next Monday.
Final Arrangements Made by the
Committre for a* Grand Day's
Entertainment.
CHICAGO, June 28. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Hawthorne
track are as follows: .
First race, six furlongs — Miss Anthony 109.
Fair Allien lt'O, Angela 100, Dragoon 111,
Novel 111. Charlie Miller 111. Remorseful 114.
Singing Master 114, Dalvay 114. Charlie Slade
114, Annora J 117, Freeslaa 117, Brand New
11!», Peter J. Somers 122. <
' Second race, handicap, steeplechase,
course — Snowdrift 125, Schv.-arzwald 126, "Eva
Moe 13»i, Handvlce 142, Montanic 152, Sea Pi
rate 165.
Third race, six furlongs — Trompeuse 96,
Clifton Forge 101, Sylvia Talbot 107, The
Crisis 107, Burleigh 10S, Skilful 116.
Fourth race, one and a half miles, selling —
Alma Dufour 88, Lady Chorister ICO. Sir
Launcelot 102. Harrison 102. Glassful 102. Tom
Hall 115. Valeat 105, Major Mansir 107. The
Way 100.
Fifth race, one mile — Birch Broom 107. Man
sard 109. Wainamoinen 111, The Lady 111.
Horatius 112. Incubator 112, Jake 112, Tom
Curl 113.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs — Th*
Belle 101. Francis Dillon 101. Envoy 104,
Monte 104. Regale 100. Dixie Lad 1C0.
Weather cloudy; track fast.
IIAWTIIORNK ENTRIES.
HIBERNIANS WILL PICNIC
AT BCHUETZEN PARK
ST. LOUIS. June 28. — The entries
for the races to-morrow at the Fair
Grounds follow: "
First race nine-sixteenths of a mfle — Allc«
Platt 1O, Lucy Orlffln 108. Loretta M 1»'&.
Esther Goodricl' 103. Luretta 103. Elenlka ICO,
Fruit 10:i. Triumptrcss 103. Ollie Burnett 103.
Little Florence 10;:.
Second raca, six furlongs, selling — Joe
Brcckel 112. Colonel Mafflt 100, Second Mat*
107. Federalist 100. Pnnca 104. Lacaeha 1<M.
Kinloch Park 1C4. Lady Felix 102. Dr. Rlley
101. Howling Dervish 09, . Maud Wallace 9».
Katie Cromwell 06.
Third race one mile and twenty yards, sell
ing — John Doyle 105 Mountebank 103. Foghorn
10.-;. Bonnie Mary lot. Pretension 100. Algon
quin 05. Athena flj. Our LiUie 05.
Fourth race six furlonps. handicap — Foxy
Kane 115 Harmakis 107. Commodore 100, P.ed
Olla 01. Ml?3 Gorre?. 87.
Fifth race, one ar.d an eighth miles, nelllng —
Colonel Railantyne 112. Thane 112. Mainspring
103. Compass 102. Strader 88. Pettijohn 97,
Bessie McCarthy 97. Hymettus 03.
Sixth race six furlong*, selling — Lansdown
10S Lady Contrary 107. Gal!awater 105. Fiti
briilar 105. Dr Scharff 104, Echodale ln^.
Bensonhurst 102. Tickful 101. Feronla 100.
Santa Ventura 00, Nan Dora 00.
Weather clear; track heavy.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Junfe 2S.— George Con
eifL'ue, on behalf of "Young Corbett."
Issued a challenge tc-day to Terry Mc-
Govern. He backed up his defy with
a forfeit of $1000. Corbett wants to
fierht six or twenty rounds at Philadel
phia, Ciffcago or St. Louis, weigh in at
127 pounds at 4. o'clock. He prefers to
meet Te»yy during July and has re
fused an offer .to meet the winner of
the Nelson-HanlA-n fight. McGovern is
In Cret-Ilass condition, having been
In training to rn*et Eddie Hanlon.
Rival Boxers Will Try to Pick Up
Some Kasy Money.
COKBETT MAY MEET TERIIY.
\ areity eisht-cared race, four miles— Won by
Syracuse. Time. 20:22 3-3; Cornell, 20:311-5-
Pennsylvania. 20:32 4-5; Columbia. 20:45 2-5-
Georgetown. 20:52 .;-5; Wisconsin. 21:01.
\arslty four-oami race, two miles— Won by
Cornell. Time, 10:03 3-5; Columbia second.
;; i"V ; p * nns > !v anla. 11:15 3-5; Wisconsin.
11:1x2-5: Georgetown, 11:34 2-5.
Freshmen eight-oarded rate, two miles
Won by Syracuse. Time. 10:01; Cornell
10:12 2-5; Pennsylvania. 10:18 4-5; Columbia,
10:^*1.
The presence in the Cornell 'varsity
eight-oared boat of two men— the Foote
cousins— who had previously rowed in
the four-oared event added greatly to
the interest of the great race of the
day and led to allowances for her crew
in their defeat at the hands of Syra
cuse, though the two men saved them
selves to a great extent for this event.
Summary:
The weather was nearly perfect for
racing. Dashes of rain marred the en
joyment of the spectators somewhat
and a rather brisk southerly breeze to
ward the close of, the day made the wa
ter somewhat rough, to which the slow
time may be attributed.
POUGHKEEPSIB, N. Y.. June 28.—
Cornell's rowing supremacy is broken.
In the four-mile eight-oar 'varsity race
and In the freshman two-mile eight
oar race the Syracuse oarsmen won by
handsome margins^ coming out of ob
scurity so Viarked that last night the
friends of. Syracuse could not find
takers for their beis. Cornell won the
four-oar 'varsity race with ease.
"Wisconsin, which was thought to
threaten all competitors in the four
oar -and . 'varsity races, was never j a
factor, finishing next to last in the
four-oar race and last in the 'varsity.
Columbia, the "dark horse," whose
mysterious doings up stream have led
to a great deal of solicitude on the part
of all her competitors, did well in the
four-oar race, as she came in second.
She made but a feeble showing in the
others, coming in last in the freshman
race and fourth in the 'varsity.
Xo records were broken. Indeed, the
time was slower than for three years.
What might have been done in the
'varsity race had Cornell pr'essed Syra
cuse may be inferred from a statement
of the Syracuse coxswain to-night, in
which he is quoted as saying that his
men were prepared for a surprise from
Cornell in the last part of the race and
were ready for it with reserve power,
but they were not pressed in any part
of the race. '-". ¦/
(National League.) , (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Kew York. ..42 16 .724 Boston 36 21.632
Chicago 35 21 .«25!Ne\v York.. .34 22 .607
I'lttPburg ...31 28 .525 {Chicago 37 24 .607
Cincinnati . .33 33 .500 Philadelphia 81 25 .554
et- Luuis 28 28 .5<Ki'Cleve!and ..28 25 .528
Boston 24 30 .4<X>!st. Louts 25 2S .472
Brooklyn ...24 38 .3.S7I Detroit .....23 34 .404
Philadelphia 13 42 .236 j Washington .10 45 .162
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, June 28.— The Cleveland Ameri
can League team to-day shut out the St. Louis
Americans, 4 to 0. The game was one of the
shortest .played this season in either of the big
leagues, the time being one hour and ten min
utes. Attendance, 1400. Score:
\ R. H. E.
St. Louis ; 0 3 fl
Cleveland 4 6 1
Batteries— Pelty and Kahoe; Jones and Be
inis.
BOSTON. June 2S.— Head work and team
play enabled Boston to defeat New York to
day. A unique play was made when Collins
passed Stahl on the base line and was put
out, while Stahl regained third. Attendance.
9000. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 6 8 o
New York 2 5 2
Batteries — Gibson and Criger; Hughes, Wolfe
and McGuire.
DETROIT, June 28.— Mullin lost the game
to Chicago to-day when he gave a base on
balls in the fourth and then forgot to cover
the plate on a paesed ball. Attendance, 1200.
Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit ; 8 7 1
Chicago 4 9 2
Batteries— Mullin and Wood; Owen and Sul
livan.
WASHINGTON. June 28.— Patten and Plank
had a pitcher's battle to-day, with honors about
even. Attendance. 1000. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 2 3 1
Philadelphia 1 8 1
Batteries— Patten and- Clark; Plank and
Power?.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. June 2S. — In to-day's game at
the Polo Grounds Duggleby of Philadelphia
was knocked out of the box. McPherson
pitched well, but received poor assistance in
the field. Attendance. 600. Score:
1 R. H. E.
Philadelphia 6 12 3
New York 9 15 2
Batteries — Duggleby. McPherson and Roth;
Wiltfe and Warner. Umpire — Carpenter.
BROOKLYN. June 28.— Threatening weath
er, with occasional showers, kept down the at
tendance at Washington Park to-day to 500.
Score: " V
R. H. E.
Boston 6 8 1
Brooklyn 4 10 .2
Batteries — Wilhelm and Needham; Jones and
Bergen. Umpire — Johnstone.
CINCINNATI. June 28.— The St. Louis team
won to-day In the fifth inning by falling on
llahn's delivery for a single, a double and a
triple. Attendance, 2700. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 9 3
St. Louis 5 S) 3
Batteries — Hahn and Schleik; Nichols and
Grady. Umpires — Ziminrr and Moran.
CHICAGO, June 2S. — The visitors won In the
final innings to-day by bunching five hits off
Wicker In the eighth an<l an equal number off
Brlggs in the ninth. Attendance, 2500. Score:
Chicago 5 12 3
I'ltUburg 1) 13 3
Batteries— Wicker. Brlggs and O'Neill; Fla
herty and Smith. Umpire — O'Day.
Yale Defeats Harvard at Busrball.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., June 28. —
Yale and Harvard met to-day for the
annual Yale commencement baseball
game, the second of the champion
ship series this year, in the presence of
an immense throng of people. Score:
Harvard 00000010 0 — 1
Yale 1 0 0 0 0 4 1 0 *— 6
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Champion Jeffries' injured knee Is
mending steadily under the care and
the rest it has been receiving during
the big fellow's sojourn in Oakland.
¦ It is expected Jeffries will have his
firrt outing to-day, a drive about Oak
land having been" planned to relieve
the rrenotony of his indoor life and
to give him a taete of the fresh air to
which he has been accustomed.
As 6oon as the big fellow can travel
he will visit his relatives In Los An
geles.
Time Is the Slowest Made
During the. Past
Three Years.
Heiwry - Weight Champion
Will Enjoy a Drive To-Day
With Friends in Oakland
Loses to Cleveland in the
Fastest Big League Game
of the Present- Season
SYRACUSE CREW WHICH DISTIN
GUISHED ITSELF IN THE IN
TERCOLLEGIATE REGATTA.
JEFF READY
FOR OUTING
TACOMA, June 28.— The baseball
game promised to break up in a row
to-day and Captain Flood threatens to
protest because of Umpire McDonald's
ruling in the seventh inning. With
two down, Overall hit safely. He was
advanced by Doyle's double and scored
when Sheehan drove one to Flood.
The latter fielded well, but Chase
dropped the ball.
McDonald first called the runner
out, but later saw his mistake and re
versed his decision. St. , Vrain was
wild and presented the visitors with
their first two runs. Overall and Hall
pitched a magnificent battle for the re
maining ten innings. The college boy
had the better of it, keeping the hits
seattered. He was steady and struck
out ten. The whining run was brought
in by Casey. With one down he got a
base on balls and was advanced to the
plate by McLaughlin's double.
Tacoma fielded loosely, but fought a
game, uphill battle. In the ninth Los
Angeles had a chance to score, but
Flood struck out. With three men on
the bases In the twelfth Cravath was
unable to ge^ a hit. Chase and Ber
nard did some star fielding. Score:
Tacoma — * Los Anceles —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle.rf. <i 1 2 1 P Toman. s. 5 0 « 1 10
Khehn.:?h ft 0 0 2 4!Flood.2b. 3 12 3 :i
Xrdyk.lb 6 0 2 11 l'.Smlth.Mb 5 -0 2 2 I
Kasan.s.. 0 0 2 5 2'Bernrd,ct 5 0 0 4 0
Lynch.ef. 6 12 2 OCrvath.rf 6 0 3 2 i>
Casey,2b. 5 13 5 ru'hape.lb 5 0 I 18 0
McLin.If. 6 0 13 0 RoFs.lf... 5 0 0 10
Grahm.c. 5 0 1 10 4 Spfps.c. .5 1 - 1 « 2
St.Vrin.p 10 10 lJHall.p.... 8 10 0 2
Overall.p 4110 2
! Totals. 44 3 0M7 IS
Totals. 50 4 15 39 17
•One^ out when winning run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Tacoma 1 00 1 0OO1 1 0000 1— 4
Base hits 113 10 2 2 10 111 1—15
Los Angeles .... 00200 0 010O00 0 — 3
Base hits 0111110210010—9
SUMMARY.
Errors— Eagan, Lynch 2. Chase. Struck' out
— By Overall 10, by Hall 3. Bases on balls —
By St. Vrain 2, by Overall 3, by Hall 2.
Passed ball — Graham. Wild pitch— Overall.
Two-base hits — Casey 2, Lynch 2, Doyle,
Eagan, McLauEhlln. Smith. Innings pitched —
By St. Vratn •'!, by Overall 10. Earned runs —
Tacoma 3, .Los Angeles 1. Sacrifice hits —
Flood 2. Smith, Chase,; Hall. Double plays —
Eagan to Graham to Casey; Spies to Smith.
Left on bas»s — Tacoma 11, Los Angeles 12.
Hits— Off St. Vrain 2, oft Overall 7. First
base on errors — Tacoma 1, Los AngelPs 4.
Time of game— 2 hours and 35 minutes. Um
pires — McCarthy and McDonald.
Special Dispatch to The Call
W. 1 4. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Tacoma ... .M 37 .5si» Takland 47 40 .lot
L03 AngeieV4S 4<>^M« - u! i I'ran 37 4:) .4:;.)
Seattle 1~4S 40 .540, I'ortland 20 64 .^4't
(Pacific Coast League.)
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Umpire McDonald Changes
a Decision and Captain
Flood May Enter Protest
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse:
Betting. Horse;Welght. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
10 to I— G. Baldwin. 1Q2 (Abuchn) 4 15 14
3 to 1— Comiade. 104 (Hoffler)... 6 2 1 2 *i
•J to 5 — Memories, 107 (Hicks)... 7 9 1^^
Time. 1:14 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, G. Baldwin & Co.'s br. f. by Lord
Esterlinc-Luerece. Major T. J. Carson 107,
Leila 107. Gus Straus 110. Skambo'i 107, Wa e - r
iiiclon ICO. Itaywo d 11-. Urrat Easu-rn K"7.
Lucy E A 107, Ubique 10", Volla 102. finished
as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; ecllinz:
Betting Hcrsftt Weight. Jockey. \ St. *4 Fin.
2 to 1— Si-encerian, 95 (Nicol) 2 2 1 13
8 to 1— Telephone. M (Greenfield) 7 1121
40tol — Black Wolf, 95 (Picratt) 4 4 *i 3 >,i
Time. 1:42. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, Hart Dernham's b. f. (31 by Free Knight-
Sarah Davis. Cardinal Wolsey 109. Sweet
Tone 94 Bummer II 105. Federal 100, Jerry
Lynch 97. Montpclier 90. Joe Frey 108. Klein
wood. 91, Orfeo lie, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — One mil* and seventy
yards; three-year-olds and up; puree:
Betting. Horse, Weight. JocKey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— McGee. 110 (Songer) 2 12 11
9 to 2— Ananias, 93 (Reed) 3 2 1 2 1
CO to 1— Fcnsluca, 10S (Hoffler) .1 a 3 3 5
Time, 1:45 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. Corrlgan's b c. (4) by White
Knislit- Remorse. Ey Ways 102. Merry Pioneer
02. Soufrlere S7. finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse: j
Betting.' Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
0 to 1— Finkerton. 110 (Otis) 2 lh lh
Even— La Londe 111 (Prior) 1 23 2 5
7 to t— Blue Bird. 108 (Hoffler)... 4 3 b 3 3
Time. 1:09. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner B Schreibjr's blk. c by Sain-Lizzle 11.
Glecman 107. II Dottere 107. Palm Tree 107.
Walter Arnold 107. finished as named. Cigar
Lighter 110. left. "
Time. 1:42 2-6. Start good. Won in a can
ter. Winner. A. C. Jones & Co."s b. f. (4) by
Chorister-Marsa. Kllmorie 86, Ayr 92, Scots
man 98, Piederich 1C5, Duncan 86. Thank Ha
ven 90, Ruth Vans *J9. Sartor Resartus 81,
Langford James fsii. Trentham 98. Harry Xew
10S, finished as named.
SECOND RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
X to 5 — Mezzo, 90 ( Knapp) 2 1^17
40 to 1— Hudson, U6 (McBrlde) 3 2 3 2 n
3 to I— Mi Reina, l>9 (Lawrence). 4 52 3 1
Time, l:C2S-5. Start good. Wen driving.
Winner. A. R. Smith's ch. f. by Del Paso-Ca
nna. Jad» 101. Moorish Damsel 101. Mart
Gentry 1C0, Agnes Virginia 100. Lady Lasca
US. Gallant Cassie 100. Anona ICO, Peggie Mln«
US. Flying Brook 103. Mrs. Bob 10O and Herllda
lcO. finished as named.
La Londe was made favorite, but sec
ond was the best she could do. Pinker
ton was away in front and stayed there
throughout, winning by a head. La
Londe was second all the way. In the
stretch run she came like * flash, but
could not quite get up. Plnkerton Just
did last. A killing was made on
Georgia Baldwin in the last race. She
was backed from 100 to 1 down to 10
to 1 at post lime. Mezzo and McGee
were the only winning favorites. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. SI % Fin.
11 to l v — Del Carina. 1)5 (Qr»>entld).13 10 1 lh
17 to 1'— Alien Avon. 101 (N'lcol).. 4 7 Vt 2h
00 to 1 — Green Gown. 104 (Morlsn) 5 2 Vi Sb
CHICAGO, June 28.— Only a fair
sized crowd turned out to see the races
this afternoon at Hawthorne. The
track was slow. Rain threatened all
the afternoon. The feature was the
third race, at five and a half furlongs,
for t\vo-year-old3.
Time, l:10< 2 . Start good. Won easily.
Winner. B. Screiber's b. g. (8) by Servltor-
Ir.nocence. Miss Kon 110. Frank McKe* 110.
Cast Iron 1 10. I.ady Fonse 95. Caithness 109.
Velasnuez 111. Walt 116. finished aa named.
SIXTH RACE— Three-year-olds and up; on*
mile and twenty yards:
Betting. Horse. Weipht. Jocfcey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Jerry Hunt. 116 (Austin). 5 25 14
12 to I— Lord Haven. S>2 (Davis). 4 1^28
2 to 1 — Wolfram, 107 (3toval)..10 S 10 3 10
FIFTH RACE — Three-year-olds and up: on*
rrile ard twenty jards: - .
Bettinjt. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to C— Echo Dale. 107 (Bybee).. 2 2 2 1 >4
3 to 1 — Freakness, 97 (Fischer . . 4 13 2 6
rt to 1— Uranium. 105 (Rice) 7 7 3n
Time. l:27»i. Start good. Won driving.
Winner T. E. Crest & Co. "a br. h. («) by Fa
vordale, Eceola. Lady Itay 89. Miss Betty 9'J.
Rurtlc Girl 102. Frank Kenny 112. finished as
named.
Time. l:47»-«. Start good. Woa easily.
Winner. P. V.'il'xerson's ch. h. (4) by Fonso-
Lucasta. Xettle Regent 101, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— four-year-olds and up; on»
mile:
BetUng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. s 4 Fin.
3 to 5 — Warte Nl-ht.107 (Booker) 4 13 12
8 to 1 — Dave Sonynrs.lO." (Davis) 2 2 H 22
f» to 2— Xeversuch. 104 (Austin). S 3 12 3 2O
THIRD RACE— Six ana a half furion«s;
three-ycar-old3 and us:
Eettiny. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St 11 Fin.
15 to 1— dales, 109 (Wolff) T 22 lh
lUtol— Dr. Kler. 110 (Neeley)... 131 2 5
5 to 1— Short Cake, 02 (Davis).. 4 33 3 5
Time 1 :i:«*i. start cood. Won driving.
Winner. C. WecVteclc^s b. g. . (7) by Prlri.e
James-Medusa. . Bird Pond SO, Exapo 1O"J.
Yellmamown 09, Major Carpenter ai. Decora
tion 102. Wager H.*. Nan Dora 102. finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
f»o-year-olds :
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St % Fin.
ft to 5— Abelard. OS (Fischer) 3 14 Ins
8tol — Filler. C5 (Anderson) 3 5 4 2 1V»
8 to 1 — Preventatlve. 10a (Llnday) 5 4 2 3 8
Time, :59&. Start good. Won driving-
Winner J. "W. Schorr's b. c. (2) by Russ-ll-
Lady Abb-»«. Rathskeller 104, Jaclc Mora a
103. Melwcod 103. Kns« 102. Sir Walter Rotlla.
10". I>romlo 107, finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, June 23.— Warte Nicht.
the odds-on favorite, won the Fair
Grounds feature event to-day from
Xeverauch and a good field. Favorites
and outsiders divided the card. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE — Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Welsnt, Jockey. St % Fin.
5 V> I — Crime. 109 «13ean) 4 14 li
15tol— Torlo, 91 (Stoval* 9 21%2n»
12 to 1— Trip. Silver, 89 (Dlckson)ll 3 1 3 4
Time, 1:23. Start good. Won easily. "Win
ner. J. N\ Brmtton's b. m. (4) by St. Florian-
Reply. Moroni 107. Benton 91. Edith Bom 100.
liegi'r.a l> 04, Burrow* 86. Algonquin 93, Bea
Lear 102, Mer.gls SkS, Julius Werner 112. Uttls
Corker 102. Maud Wallace 102. JDr. Rlley 104.
finished as named. «'• ;
STRIKES OUT TEN MEN
Overall Proves His Class
in-Tliirteen-Inning Game
on the Tacoma Diamond
Piiikertbn Beats La Londe,
Favorite, in Hawthorne
Track Feature.
Warte Nicht Eewards Con
fidence of Backers by
-Finishing Firjt.
PITCHERS FIGHT
FOR MASTERY
WATERBOY MEETS DEFEAT
IN SEASONS FIRST START
SIXTH RACE— One and a" sixteenth miles;
handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
B to 5— Swoet Alice. OS (Hldbd) 1 1 h 1 h
10 to 1 — New York, 00 (Crnimns) 2 2 10 2 10
SO to 1— Requiter, 92 (J. Jones) .6 5 is 3 3
Time, l:4K3-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. J. J. McGinnis" bay fllly by Flying
Dutchman-Hermitage. Mabon, Himself. Lead
er; finished as named.
Time. 1:13. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner, H. !>. Duryea's cb. filly by Meddler-
T'ranla. Schoharle, Major Felham. Young
Henry Juvenal Maxim, Sadducee, Old Eng
land, Eagle, Toi San, Blshcp of Wakefleld,
Steelmaker, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
2 to 1— Armenia. 102 (Travers) 1 1 >,{ 1 1
4 lo 1— Witchcraft. 85 tCrnn:.') 6 2 h 2 5
13 to 5— Mimosa, 102 (HUdebrd) 5 4 2 3 1ti
FOURTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
The Bay Rldje < handicap; three-year-olds
and up: •
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. -*i Fin.
Even— Proper, 111 (Hildcbrand) 2 3 1 In
S to 1— Carbuncle 1U0 (Phillip?) 4 fi 1 2 h
7 to 2— Orm. Right. 1QO (Cllhn) 5 13 16
Time, 2:0(; 1-5. Start poor. Won handily.
Winner. W. B. Jennings' bay colt by Preston
Paus-Prlm II. High Chancellor, Major Daln
gerflcld. finished as named.
THIRD RACE — About two and a half miles;
the Stirrup Cup steeplechase; handicap; ridden
by fre-ntlcmen riders:
Betting. Horse, WelKht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
;! to 1 — Conover. Ill) (Stone) t> 1 30 1 U0
20 to 1— Tireless". HI (Taylor) ."> 3 1 2 8
5 to 1 — Whlneray. 15.". (Clarke).. 3 4 0 3 B
Time, .">:17. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, C. M. Harris' oh. g. by Falconer-Majfgle
Ward. Alanllian, Lady Golisrhtly, R. B. Sack,
Meadow Lark and Cock Robin finished as
named.
SECOND RACK— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
Hettlng. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. 9i Fin.
11 to 5— BroomMick 113 (Hums). 3 11 1 1*4
13 to 10 — Waterboy, 128 <L.vne)... 1 2h 22
tt to 1— Rapid Water, 111 (O'NI) 2 3 2 3 8
Time. f:3S3-B. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. S. S. Brown's b. c. by Ben Brush-
Klf. Reliable also ran.
mary: *
Fin.ST RACK— Sis furlongs; two-year-olds;
Bel Unc:
Betting! Horse. VVelght, Jockey. St. ?4 Fin.
15 to 1— Jack McKecn, lO-l (Crrnns) 5 15 13
.'{ to 1— Fleui- do Marie. HI) (Hllbd) 3 5 1 I! S
15 to 1— Gray Lad, Iff ij. Jones). H 2 2 3 3
Time. 1:14 2-5. Start poor. Won easily
Winner, T. E. Monday's b. c. by G. W-. John
son-Jhansi JIcKenna. Red Reynard, Mon
Amour. Dance Music, Winchester, Katie Chaf
frey. Only One, Jlo-jocorUer, Harpoon, Montl
bello. Sailor Boy. Annie Russell and Norallght
finished ae named.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY, June 28.—
James B. Haggin's giant , racehorse,
Waterboy, ¦ made his first appearance
this year in the second race at the
Coney Island Jockey Club's course to
day and ran second to Captain S. S.
Brown's three-y'ear-old colt Broom
stick. The race was run in the fast
time of 1:SS 3-5 for one- mile. The
weights carried wer^ weight for age,
111 pounds on Broomstick and 128
pounds on Waterboy. John A. Drake's
Rapid Water, which ran third in the
American Derbr -on the 18th lnst., was
third to-day in the race won by Broom
stick. Reliable was last all the way.
These were the only starters, the con
ditions of the race being such as to
keep out all but the good horses, theve
being no allowances.
Not at all favorable to either Water
boy or Reliable was the weather, which
was cold and raw. Reliable is none too
sound in the wind and Waterboy might
have been better served with a warm
day. He looked fit, his quarters were
well muscled, the infallible indication
of a horse having had plenty of work.
While he was beaten, he ran a remark
ably good race for a horse which has
been reported more than once this year
to have bace adieu to the turf. Sum-
Broomstick Leads Out the
'Haggin Horse, Going the
Mile in 1:38 8-5.
SYRACUSE OARSMEN WREST SUPREMACY FROM CORNELL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE. -29, 190*.
EIGHT-OARED SHELL RACES
WON BY HANDSOME MARGINS
LOST FLAGS AHE RECOVERED.— Tho
American flagg which mysteriously disap
peared from the City Hall were recovered yes
terday by .a searching party In the basement
of the building. The janitor's force was set
to work looking for the flags and found them
under a pile of rubbish in an out-of-the-way
corner. The. flags were used to decorate Mar
ket street and will shortly be utilized for th«
.. Patrick" Ker win, .an old man, . while
trying to * repair some damages to Ms
house; 2005 Mission street,, yesterday,
slipped from a ladder and : fcll^ a'.'dis
tance"' '.of." '.twenty-five . '.feet .• to tho
ground. '. He -was taken -to.' tha 'City
and County ' Hospital, where his .'eft
collar bone "was found to be broken
and his left ¦ ankle sprained. He was
also injured about the back and face.
Falls. From a Ladder.
10
ST LOUIS TEAM
IS SHUT OUT
ADVERTISE2££NT3.
Ijll Doctors
|II| Know
J|T||||l The actual tonic properties
S" ISM of malt extracts. They know
[^^D^^UM^j^SW] is particularly rich ia t!:ese sustaising.health-
\&$^>rJt&z977$rfl\ lvlD Z properties. This accounts for Malt-
*Jf& W^ r^fi flj^frlft^M I Nutrine's acceptance and use in the practice
fl Ui a non inioxicaxt Ui \ cf leading physicians everywhere. The ideal
K*«*ty cfl^AF 1 "-" 110 ., nEi *\ food-drink for convalescents and all who need
E1^5^SopsT*^ new strength.
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
«pF- '¦mm^tf&S&gsl Visitors to the World's Fair City are invited to inspect th«
Anheuser-Busch Brewery.
_jTime Ball.
Braju>h Hvdrccra;hlc Office, U. 8. N.. Mer-
PARIS. June 2S.— Baron Alphonte de
Rothschild. Baron Edmond de Roths
child and Baron Gu«tav de Rothschild,
chiefs of the Rothschild family, called
upon M. TrouIIlot. the Minister of Com
merce, to-day to inform him of their In
tention to trive $3,000,000 for the purpose
of providing cheap and healthy dwell
ings for the Parisian working: classes.
WILL GIVE JIILLIOXS
TO PARIS WORK1XGME.V
Cliicasro Woman. Becomes Wife of
Texas Banter After Securing Di
vorce From Toledo 3Inn.
CHICAGO; June 28. — Marion Lint
ner, a Chicago kindergarten teacher,
was married here to Samuel Park, a
millionaire banker and lumber mer
chant of Beaumont Tex. The wed
ding: took place on the day the bride
wes granted a divorce from H. H.
Norton of Toledo, Ohio.
KIXDJSKGARTKX TEL\CHi:R
MARRIES A MILLIONAIRE
BERLIN, June 2S. — Felix Wein
erartner, one of the conductors at the
Royal Opera-house, has signed a con
tract tp revisit the United States in
January or February to conduct a
number of concerts for the New York
Philharmonic Society. Later Herr
Weingartner will make a tour of the
country'.
Xoted Musician to Tour America.
r-fibne znesszse this afternoon states
thai : Smith, the alleged slayer of
Sheriff Harris, eluded his pursuers in
the night and seems to be doubling on
his tracks for the north again. The
-militia is in hot pursuit and the blood
hounds are on the scent- •¦
Slayer ot Sheriff Hayes Escapes Pur
suers tp, the Night and Doubles
on His Tracks.
,ZA r?ROSh'E, Wis.. June 28. — A tele-
BANDIT ELUDES POSSES,
MILITIA AXD BLOODHOUXDS
velli. fiom Portland. Or., via China and Japan,
for Colombo and New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived June 2S — Stmr Vad
erland. Trcm Antwerp; stmr Grosser Kurfurst.
from Bremen and Cherbourg: stmr Lerr.bai\1ia.
from Genoa and Naples.
Sailed June 2S — Stmr Kronprinj Wilhelm,
for Bremen, via Plymouth and Cherbourg;
«.tmr Ryndaro, for Rotterdam, via Boulogne;
stmr Nord Amerlcsa, for Naples and Genoa;
stmrs Auranla and Bovlc, for Liverpool.
PALERMO — Arrived June 26 — Stmr Sicilian
Prince, from Naples, for New York.
ANTWERP — Arrived June 2S — Stmr Zeeland,
from New York.
GENOA — Arrived June 24 — Stmr Cltta dl
Torino, from New York.
Sailed June 23 — Stmr Liguria. for New York.
GLASGOW — Arrived June 28 — Stmr Sarir.a
tlan. from Boston.
BREMEN— Arrived June 28 — Stmr * Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse, from New York, via Ply
mouth and Cherbourg.
MOVIL.LE — Arrived June 2S — Stmr Ancho
ria. from New York, for Glasgow.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jun« 28 — Ptmr Car
pathia. for New York, via Queenstown; stmr
Lake Champlaln. . for Montreal.
Arrived June 23 — Strar Welshman, from Port
land.
ALBANY, Ga., June 2S. — Rev. Len
G. Broughton of Atlanta, one of the
best known Baptist ministers in the
South, and Chfef of Police Westbrook
engaged in a fight in a barber shop
here to-day. In a sermon on Sunday
Dr. Broughton had charged Chief
Westbrook with being a drunkard and
a frequenter of dives.
The Chief of Police entered the shop
while the minister was in a chair be
ing shaved and as soon as he saw the
minister he went for him with a cow
hide. Friends interfered, but it is pre
dicted that more trouble will result
from Dr. Broughton's charges.
Minister's Sermon Aronscs Wrath of
Officer and He Attacks Preacher
With a Cowhide.
DIVINE AND POLICE CHIEF .
FIGHT IX BARBER SHOP
M.OXTROSE, Colo., June 28. — The
Gunaison ' River tunnei, which will
supply water for \ the irrigation of
thousands of acres in Uncompahgre
Valley is assured by the filing: to-day
of ¦ bonds < aggregating J200.000. guar
&nteeing the entire subscription of
SC.000 acres required: by the Govern
ment before entering upon the project.
Already T6..46" acres have been sub
scribed and. Chief Engineer F. H.
Newell notified the committee in
charge of the local arrangements that
he would order the engineers to pro
ceed with the construction when a
bond for $75,000 was filed.
Land- Required by the Got eminent
Before Project Is Undertaken
Is Guaranteed.
WORK OX. GUXXXSOX RIVER
TUXXEL ABOUT TO BEGIX
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany'* liner Contic. outward bound, arrived
ye*ter!ay at Honolulu.
Th* United States gunboat Wheeling, from
Pago Pagn. yc«terday reached Honolulu and
Joined the squadron there.
Some anxiety la manifested for the big
freighter Phawmut. which is fcur days over
du» at Victoria from Yokohama
The cteam*r Francis H. Leggett. which car
ried bullying material and mechanics from
h<»re to the cable station at Midway Island ar
rivpd yfHtcrday at Astoria.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner Korea is
due late this afternoon or early to-morrow
morning from th» Orient. The Gaelic Is due
Friday.
Water IVont Notes.
I TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
| Elizabeth j Coquille P.Jver (June 20
S. Barbara... j Grays Harbor Jun« ja
I Del Norte . Crescent City ! June 23
Acapulco New York via Panama. 'June 2".l
. Bonita I Newport & Way Ports. : June :»
Centralia "J San Pedro !June SO
; Eureka ; Humboldt 'jane 3i>
! Argo , Eel River Port* jjune 30 '
i Korea I China. & Japan !Ju»e 30 :
] UmatiUa Puget Sound Port* Judo 30 !
i Point Arena.. : Mendocino & Pt. ArenaJune 30 '
I Santa Rasa... San Diego & Way Pte.'June rp) i
[ Curacao Mexican Ports June 30
[Pomona Humbcidt (July ij
: Gaelic China & Japan July 1
J San Pedro San Pedro lJuly 2
i Santa Monica : Grays Harbor 'July 3
; Coos Bay j San Pedro & Way PU.!July 3 |
I Arcata i Coos Bay * Pt. Orford.|July 31
G. Llr.dauer.. Grays Harbor IJuly 3 1
Columbia Portland & Artoria IJuly 3|
Totmes Hamburg & Way Ports. July 4 !
Wyefleld ! Nanalmo 'July 4 I
: Corona ! Humboldt Jjuly '¦
i Ncrth Fcrk...' Humboldt !July 4J
: State of Cal.. ¦ San Diego A Way PtsJJuiy 4 I
I fiwjuola ' Wiliapa Harbor !July 4 I
! Porno , Point Arena & Albion.'July 5
] Queen ' Puret Sound Port* !July s'
, Centennial — I Seattle & Tacoma 'July 6
j Alliance j Portland & Way Ports.' July KJ
. S. Dollar. • Hako<iate 'July 5
; Barracouta . . . New York via Panama. 'July 6
1 Ratcse* Hamburg & Way Pta. IJuly <3
: St. Paul Nome & Et. Mlcharl. .'July 0
j Aurella Portland & Astoria .Muly •:
Rainier Seattle & Bellingham. IJuly 7
; Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria !July 8
| " TO SA.iL"
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. J Pier, j
Jane 29. i f*
I J. Hljrg!r.s..[ Los Ang*Iei Ports. ill amiPier 2-
I Redondo... Astoria & Portiandl <> pmfPler 2 i
S. Barbara. I Los Angeles Ports.! 4 pm'Pier 2 i
Ncvadan Honolulu A K'hululi :; pmiPier 2-'. :
I City Puebla j Pus^t Sound Ports. Ill am; Pier 9
Ercakwater 1 Coos Bay direct 1 5 pm|Pier 9
I Arctic | Humboldt i 9 amiPier 2
Juae 30. ! 1
! Centralla..-' Grays Harbcr 1 4 pmiPier 10'
I Corcna j Hurobcldt ;l:30pPler f> ;
\ Ponio i Pt. Arena A Alblocl « pmiPier 2 !
State of Cal j San Diego & Way. 9 am'Pier 11 ,
EC:zabeth.. Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20'
JtUy 1. |
Chico Coqullle River 6 pmiPier 2
Ccronado.. Grays Harbor 4 pm!Pier 10
Costa Rica. Astoria & Portland 11 am I Pier 24 }
July 2. |
SanPe<3ro.. Humboldt 4 pmlPter 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pmlTier 2'
Pt Arena.. Point Arena. 4 pmiP!(?r 2 1
Bonita Newport & War... 8 am'Pier 11 ¦
Marioosa... Tahiti dirert 11 amiPier 7!
City Pacamj N. Y. via Panama.112 m'Pier 40 !
jeanie | Seattle Sc Tacoma. i 3 pm'Pier 20 ,
Eureka I Hcmboldt ( 3 amiPier 13 j
Jni y 3. ' ! |
..6. Rc5a San Diego &-Way.j 9 amiPier 11 i
B.Monica.. Lo« Angeles Parts. ilO amjPler 2 !
Pomona Hu3*.boldt ..„ |l:30p!Pier 9 I
Joly 5. f |
Arcata Co«s B. & Pt. OrfdjlO am.'Pter 13 I
Umatllla... Puget 6ound Ports. I (Pier —
July 6 ¦--{.-- | J
Coos Bay..' Sar> Pedro & War.l 9 amiPier 11 *
North Fork HumboMt ..... I S pml PI#r 20 ,
Columbia.. Astoria & Portlandill ami Pier 24
Jnly-7. ¦-- It" '
Ct. Llndauer Grays Harbcr IPler — '
Sierra Sydney & Way 2 pm'Pier 7.
Curacao.... j Mexican Ports -"- . . 10'am'Pler 11
Alliance < Ecrcka & Cocs Bay 5 pmiPier 16
Sequota....) Willara Harbor .. 4 pmiPier 20 '
A July 8. | - I i
Newburg..." Gra>-» Harbor...... 4 pm|Pter 10;
FROM SEATTLE; ~ ~
Steamer. [ Destination. . Sails
Humboldt. . .'. Ekagway A Ports. June 30 '
Dirlgo j Bkajrway ic Way Poru. July 1 .
ExceUior Valdtx £ Way Ports.. July 1
Vlrtorta Nome via Dutch Harbor July 1 ,
Dolphin ! Sfeagway & Way Ports, j July 3
CltrS*** 1 '*-- fairway A Way Poru.jjuly 5 I
Hoanoke Nome & St.- Michael. .!Ju!y 6.
jramen Skag-tray £ Way Ports. JJuly 7'
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. jJaly g{
IVrtha Kodlak tt Way Porta.Unly 10
Garonne Nome via Golovln Bay.|Jqiy lp
Movements of Steamers.
SEATTLE, June 28. — Rear Admiral
Glass' Pacific squardon. which in
cludes the cruiser New York, Mar
blehead and gunboats Pennington and
Concord, arrived at the Puget Sound
navy yard this afternoon. The coal
ing ship Xero, which broke down, was
left outside and will reach Bremerton
to-morrow. It is stated the New York
has asked for repairs, which will re
quire 116 working days.
Cruiser New York Will Probably Go
Into the Dock for
Repairs.
ADMIRAL GLASS' SQUADRON
REACHES PUGET SOUND
% STOCKHOLM, June 25. — Minister
Iflehwes reported declaration to a St.
Petersburg interviewer that Governor
General Bobrikoff'-s assassination was
hatched in Sweden and that "effective
Etep»i wouM-be taken to exact repara
tion'* ¦ causes anxiety to the Govern
ment: Stffeden i? ir.nooent of any con
ni\-ance with the Finnish revolution
ists. Moreover, the Swedish people,
while heartily in sympathy with the
Finns and detesting the methods of
Russia, can'hot justly be charged with
causing any difficulties for the Czar's
Government in Finland.
North Country With Bobrikoff
Xiurdfr Disturbs Stockholm.
Ikvlsration of Miniver Connecting
SWEDISH GOVERNMENT
AVXJIOUS ABOUT RUSSIA
America Tli^nks French Government
FARIi?. Jvne 2 5. — Embassador
Porter tp-day transmitted to Foreign
Ufijltter Dek'esse an expression of the
Atn«dcan Government's appreciation
and thanks for the good offices of
PlilM* in .l-v.-V|-,>r n+ Pf.ri»i,^H<!
The t-eaccn cor.5'.sts of a whit* concrete,
truncated pyramid. 10 feet square at th- base.
4 f**t square at the top and 12 feet high, sur
mounted by a b'.ack iron spindle. 12 feet In
height, carrying a black sph'rical cage :i ie»t
in diameter.
Bearing: and distarces cf prominent ob
ject* as taker, (ma Chart No B300 of the
Catted States Coast and Geodetic Survey will
be: Left tangent to Burrows Island. Kosano
Strait. N 1-ltf E. easterly. i0i« m!l?s; Point
Partridge. W"hl<ib#y Island. SE *i S. «*; miles-
Smith Island Lighthouse. SW 3-16 W i
mi!*. Bearings are magnetic and given 'ap
pmxfir.ately: miles are nautical miles.
By»rder cl the Lighthouse Beard
R. D. EVANS.
Rear Admiral U. S. Navy, Chairman.
(Li?t of lights, buoys and daymarks. Pacific
Ccaet. laO4. page 73. »
Notice Is hereby given that en or about
June 30, 15x34, a beacon will be established on
Minor Island. Juan de Fuca Strait, about 1
mile northeasterly cf Smith Island Lighthouse.
juan de fuca strait,
minor inland beacon
The Government' asks JSOOO, which
would be about the retail price for the
wood and piles "cut within the last
year. The General Land Office refuses
to accept settlement on a basis of 25
cents per cord, as was done at Ram
pert and lower Yukon points last year.
The price charged by the Government
is $5 per cord for wood . and 9Vs cents
per foot for piling. The Government
claims the right to collect pay from
either those who cut timber or those
who consume it. All those concerned
hav j refused to pay th_ demands and
will make further presentation of their
case to the General Land Office.
TACOMA. Wash.. June 2S.— The Gen
eral Land Office has commenced to en
force its recent ruling that cutters of
timber in Alaska must pay full value
for the same. Through Receiver Mul-
Hn of the Juneau Land Office, formal
demands have been made on the Moore
Wharf Company and the Northwest
Light and Power Company, both of
Skagway, for payment of wood cut by
them.
Government Will Demand That Full
Price Must Be Paid for
. Product.
UXCLE SAM IS AFTER
ALASKA . TIMBER CUTTERS
Bearinps and distances of prominent objects
as t.*ken from Chart No. «20O of tfc* Unlt'd
States Coast and Geodetic Survey are: Point
Harrtnftor>. Observation lslan<l. NE », E. .*«n
Etlts: rirht tar.gent to Shrubbery Island*
WNW. Ti'^i m:les. Bearings are magnetic and
given approximately; mil?s are nautical -miles.
ALASKA. — CLARENCE STRAIT.
KET REEF BEACON.
?List o' lights, buoys and daymarks. Thir
teenth Lighthouse District. 1&O4, page S7.)
Not:ce is hereby given that, about May 21.
19»vt. there was rumplfted on Key Re;f t awash
at high water!, about 74 miies SE by E *« E
frcm Linccln Rock Lighthouse, Clarence
Strait, a white concrete pyramid. feet high.
12 teet square et th-j base and 4 feet square
at the tof>. surmounted by a black Iron spindle
12 feet high, carrying a black spherical cage
¦J f»*t In diam»ter.
Notice to Mariners
Damages Her Propeller.
Th« ttearr.cr Ge-.rse Lcomis was reported
at ar.ch.or jrstcrday elf Gaviota. with her
propeller damaged and out of co:r.rnis£!on. The
Lccmis left h^re June 24 for IteUcndo. The
tug S€a Rov«rr was ser.t f n ci ht»re yesterday
to th«: disabled steamer's ai'J. .She will tow
the Loorr.is to Redcndo and when the •temmet
has di'chargtd her t-argo of oil the Rover will
bring her to this port for repairs.
4
Declared Vninsurabu
The Italian ship Ltura, which has been to'i
r.otrher en tht overdue bcani for sorr.e weeks.
was pested at Lkyd'e yesterday as unlnsur
abie. Sii« was quoted at 9"> rer o?nt and is
cut ISO cays from. Newcastle, Australia, for
ToccriUa, which port, trader ordinary circum
itances. she shcu'd have reached three months
asc. The rate on the Parknook has been ad
vanced to .'15 per cent. The other overduc-s are
nueted as fellows: Jutecpor.s. Queen Eliza
beth, La RochetoucaM. I-a:so Ljlw and Willy
Rickm-.rs, 7 j>er cer.t, ana Wynford 15 per
ARRIVED. !
Tuesday, June 2S. '
Stmr Porr.A. Jacobs. 12 hours from Albion.
t-tmr Jeanie. Bartlett, 05 hcurs from Se
i a;tlc.
Htrr.r Ccrcna, Gielow, 19U hours from Eu- j
reka.
Stmr Aorce. Lunflauist. 24 hours from Eu- I
! chon Lar.dinr. I
Strnr South Coast, Olsen, 17 hours from Cas- •
I par- • ]
Stmr Maggie. Corning, 4 noun from Half
mocn Bay. ;
Stror laqua, Jcrgenson, 25 hour* from Eu- «
i reka.
Utmr F. A. Kiiburn, Jahnsen. 7 hours from ;
Port Refers. :
Schr Stuuoia, Kutman. 4 days from Astoria, j
Schr Orient, Saunders. 11 days from Port ]
Anre'es.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. June 2S.
Stir.r City of Puebla. J<?r*en, Victoria. B. C,
and way ports: P C S 6 Co. "
Sot stmr Tellus. Arntzen. Comox, B. C. ; R.
Dunsniuir's Scc» Co. I
SAILED.
Tuesday, June 2S.
*S?mr Naticr.al City. Hammer, Fort Bragg.
Simr F. A. Kiiburn. Jahnsen. Port Rodgers.
Stnr Maggie. Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Cocs Bay, Johnson, San Pedro and !
way ports. ',
Stmr Whltesboro. Frederickson. Greenwood, j
Stmr Asuncion. Bridgett. Ventura, j
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coce Bay. !
Stror Gipsy. Lelar.d. Santa Crur. ,
Stmr Navarro. Weber, Bowens Landing. I
Stmr Brooklyn, Johannsen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Greenwood. 'W'alvlg, Mendoclno.
, Stnr Acme. Lundquist. .
Schr B»ssle K', Stark. San Vicente Landing.
Tug sea Rover. Thompson, Redondo.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 2S. 10 p. m. — Weather ;
feggy; wind SW; velocity 16 miles per hour. ;
SPOKEN. •
June 7 — In lat 17 S, long SS W, Fr bark j
| Brenn, from Cherbourg for San Francisco, via i
r Newcastle, Aus.
June 24 — Oft Alboran Island, Br ihlp Lyn
' ton. from Genoa, for San Francisco.
Per stmr Robert Dollar, at Seattle, from San
1 FrancUco — June 2S and June 27, 25 miles out
1 side o( Cape Flattery. *chr Maid of Orleans. :
I from San Pedro, for Seattle. • ;
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 27— Ger stmr Lux
or, hence June 23; etmr Robert Dollar, hence
Jun* 21.
Arrived June 2S — Stmr Centennial, hence
June 24; «tmr Humboldt. from Skagway
BKEMERTON— Arrived June 2fc— L" S stmr*
[ New York. Marblehead. Concord and Bennlng-
I ten. from Honolulu and cruise.
EUREKA — Arrived June 2!s — Stmr Pomona,
hence June 27.
Arrived June 2S — Stmr Eureka, hence' June
27; schr Onward, hence June 13.
Sailed June 2S — Stmr Noyo, for San Fran
cisco.
REDONDO— Arrived June 2S — Stmr Bee,
from Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed June 2S— Br
bark Iranho*. for Nitrate ports.
BRISTOL BAY— Arrived June 9, and reported
as being in the Ice pack— Ship Alexander Gib-
I son, hence April 20; ship Oriental, hence April
16; ehip Lucile. hence April 16; ship Standard
htrnce April 13; Bhip C. F. Sargent, from A.f
torla; ship M. P. Grace, hence April 14; ship
Hecla. from Ladysmith; ship Eclipse, trum
BUine: bark B. P. Cheney, hence April 17:
bark Nicholas Thayer. hence April 14; bark
S«a Witch, hence April i:j; gtmr George F
: Haller, hence ApYil 19, via Dutch Harbor,
¦ stuck In the lea pack with ship Standard
Arrived May 16— Bark John Oirrier, ' from
| ASTORIA— Arrived June 28 — Stmr Despatch.
' henre June 2T5.
Sailed June 2S — Stmr Nebraskan. for Hon
: olulu: schr Louts, for San Francisco.
Arrived June IS — Stmr Columbia, hence June ¦
28; bktn John Smith, hence June 13.
Arrived June 2S — Stmr Francis H. Leggett
i from Midway Island.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 2S— Bktn North-
I weet. from Portland.
Arrived June 2* — t-tmr Samoa, from Caspar- i
. stmr San Pedro, hence June 2(5; stmr Centra- j
: lla, from Port Los Angeles. . I
Sailed June 2&— Stmr aan Gabriel, for Urid-
I Qta.
COOS BAY— Sailed June 2S— Stmr Alliance,
for Portland and Astoria.
TA TOOSH— Passed Jn June 29— Stmr '
Shasta, hence June 24, for Bellingham. :
SAN DIEGO— Sailed June 2S— Stmr Paea- I
dcr.a. for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 27— Schr
Fred E. Sander, for San Francisco. :
TACOMA— Arrived June 2S — Stmr San Ma
teo. hence June 52.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed June 2S— Stmr
Bonita, for San Francisco; Etmr South Bar
lor San Pedro.
FORT ERAGG — Sailed June 2S — Stmr James !
S. Higgins, for San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed June 23. 4:30 p m—
j Strnr laqua, from Eurtka. for San Pedro
PORT HARFORD— Sailed June 2S, S p m—
. Stmr Bonita, from San Pedro and way ports
i tcr Sen Francisco.
! PORT MADISON— Sailed June 2S— Schr
I Oliver J. Olsen. for San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed June 24— Br stmr Trebla,
i for Sourabaya.
! HONOLULU — Arrived June 2S Bark
Olympic, hence June 17; Ger bark Charlotte,
! from Bremen; U S stmr Wheeling, from Pago
P9JTO.
i Arrived June 2S — Br rtmr Coptic, hence Jiina
j 22, lor Hongkong, via Yokohama.
I EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrlvtd June 28— Br ship
- Monkbarns, from Limerick.
Sailed June 27— Br stmr Albenga. for Ma
: niU.
I .FOREIGN PORTS.
; VICTORIA— Sailed June 27— Stmr Cottage
City, for Skagway; stmr UrnattUa. for fan
FrancUco; bark Servla, for Ladysmith
TYNE— Cleared June 17 — Br ship Strath
: gryfe. for San Francisco.
ANTOFOGASTA— Arrived April 20— Br «hip
Aristomene, from Valparaiso.
CALLAO— Arrived May 31— Br Btmrs Mon
tauk and Mastapequa, from Mollendo.
DUBLIN — Arrived June 25 — Br bark East
African, from Oregon.
! NEWCASTLE. AUS. — Arrived June 13 Br !
bark Saragossa, from Port Plrie, to load for
; San Francisco.
ACAPULCO^ — Arrived Junt 13^ — Br ship Prov
ince, from Barrr. . I
TENER1FFE— Arrived June 27— Or stmr
i Memphis, hence February 27. for Hamburg,
i CORONEL — Arrived June 13— Ger »tmr
Hathor. from Hamburg, for San Francisco
i CUXHAVEN— Passed June 24— Ger ship
Alater. from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia
ANTWERP— In port June 15 — Fr bark Col
onel Vllleboii Mareuil, for Puget Sound or
Oregon.
HAMBURG— Sailed Junt IS— Ger nmr Ser
; bU fcr San Francisco.
In port June 18— Br «hlp Lyderhorn. for
Seattle.
SHARPNESS — Arrived Jane 26 — Br shin
Loch Carron. from Tacorna.
FREMANTLE — Arrived prior June 2S Br
ship A-icenls, from Tacoraa.
AUSTRALIAN PORT — Arrived prior June
28 — Ship Paul Revere, front Manila.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived June 27— Br ttmr
Empresa of Japan, from Vancouver.
MOJI — Sailed June 27 — Br stmr Crusader, for
Vancouver.
HONGKONG — Sailed June 23 — Stmr China,
for Sen Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 28— Stmr filbe
rt*, hence June 11. .
SCEZ— Arrived June 28— Br stmr Indra
• ¦ . . ¦
Shipping' Intelligence.
WEDNESDAY. JL"XE 23.
Sun rises 4:33
Sun set3 7;."5o
Jlcon mes S:4I p. m
C iTirnej iTlmei jTime' ITimtl
£. I : Ft. : 1 Ft. ! ' Ft. ! i Ft.
.» 'L, \v; ;a \vi |l w] jii v.'|
CS I 5:32f— O.Sj 1:00! 4.71 Z:^, 3.l!u:3«j 3-3
2« ! «:.;(..;— a.tii 1:44; 4.8 d:V2 3.*J '
IB W iL. W\ |H 1V| jL, W|
Z'j j 0:13, C..2 7:07:— 0.3| 2;-.»5j 4.S| 7:02| 3.2
1 I 0:5y| 4.7! '¦¦**] O.Ij 3:O3j 4.8 7:521 3.2
2 i 1:4C! 4.3 8:18 0.3, 3:33 4.8! S:-JS| 3.2
S ! 2:_1j t.O S:5.j: O.SL 4:13! 4.»! 3:iO| S.0
4 I 3:22! 8Jj| 9:^! 1.3; 4:49} 5.0;10:5S! 2.7
NOTE— In the above txresltion of the tldt*
the early mcrnlng- tide* are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except Trhen there are bat three tides, as
soiKttiir.es occurs. The hefghts given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a mlnu* < — )
fiiEti precedes the height, and then th* number
elv«:n Is subtracted trom the depth Rl\ - cn by
;he charts. The plane uf reftrence is the meaa
cf the ic'-er low waters. •
"The cutting seems to have been
done with a dull knife. I can con
ceive of no reason why any one should
want to destroy the bag and I be
lieve the work was pure vandalism
with no other object in view but the
malicious destruction of property."
Walter B. Stevenson, secretary of
the World's Fair Company, said steps
would be taken to apprehend the van
dal and for the future protection of
the airship. .
When the damage was done the
shed that shelters the gas bag was
patrolled by a Jefferson guard and a
special watchman, who was one of
Mr. Dumont's employes. Neither saw
the vandal and the damage was not
discovered until the workmen were
about to take the bag from the box.
"I do not know," was the reply. "It
will be impossible to get a new bag
and if an ascension is made this one
must be repaired. I can think of no
reason why any one should want to
destroy my airship."
Professor Meyers, who made a care
ful examination of the cuts, said:
When the damage was discovered a
messenger was sent to Dumont and he
hurried to the scene. After examining
the bag he said:
"Wpll, it is Just as I told the fair
people. This place Is not secure
enough."
"What will you do?" he was asked.
>
ST. LOUIS. June 28. — Some time
during the night the bag of Santos
Dumont's airship at the World's Fair
grounds was cut and slashed in such
a manner as to preclude all possibility
of its being repaired in time to allow
an ascension on July 4. There are at
Ic.tst twenty long rips in the bag and
Professor Carl Meyers, who has
charge of the aeronautic contests, to
day said that it will take at least two
weeks to repair the damage.
The big gas bag had not yet been
taken from the crate In which it came
from Paris. The cover had been re
moved by a customs inspector and
the crate was rolled into the center
of the big shed prepared for the air
ship. Being of an adhesive material,
the bag was hung in folds from slats
nailed near the top of the crate, and
in this way was prevented from be
coming a solid mass because of its
own weight. There were several fold.-?
of the-bag over each slat and the van
dal drew* his knife across these, cut
ting through from two to four thick
nesses of the material with each
slash. The work evidently was done
in haste. There were about a dozen
slats covered with folds of the bag
and only four or five of them were
cut.
LINCOLN, Neb., June 23.— Governor
Mickey has received several requests
from officers and Sheriffs in Custer.
County, Nebraska, for military to help
j keep order at Broken Bow and in the
surrounding country, where thousands
I of persons have, gathered for the open
j ing of homesteads under the new Kln
kaid land law. The Governor has or
'dered' Company >I of Broken Bow to
be held In readiness. The trouble arises
from the fact that the cattle barons
have sent their cowboys to file on Gov- ;
ernment land that is now fenced and j
to interfere with homesteaders who are i
seeking claims under the provisions of j
the new law. The disputed lands, j
which were thrown open to settlement j
to-day, have been used by the ranch- j
men for grazing purposes. The land !
has been fenced by them and their
fences the Government ordered taken
down in a bill passed by the last ses
sion of Congress'. Many of the home
steaders at Br.oken Bow are armed and
bloodshed is expected.
OMAHA, Neb.. June 28.— Nine mil
lions of acres of Government land in
Nebraska were opened for homestead
entry to-d^y under the provisions of i
the Kinkald law, which permits home
steaders to file on 640 acres of land.
The land opened by the KInkaid law
is known as semi-arid and is mostly j
adapted to grazing. It is the last!
great opening of Government land of |
this nature that will ever be made and j
was the occasion of a rush for choice i
sections by those desiring to establish j
ranches. j
The six land offices In Nebraska were j
the scenes of great excitement. At
O'Neill nearly 1000 persons, a great
percentage of whom were women, were
in line at sunrise.
The greatest excitement was at Brok
en Bow, where more than 2,000,000 acres
of the best land included in the pro
visions of the law was thrown open.
At sunrise more than 2000 persons were ,
in line and Sheriff Richardson, who ;
had already taken extraordinary pre- j
ciutions to forestall trouble, to-day en- j
listed an extra force of deputies to keep j
order. Later he requested Governor i
Mickey to 'order the militia out to j
assist in keeping order. |
Ccr.sul General Gowdy's orders, were
turned over to-day to the consulate. All
were locked and there were no keys. A
ciuloua fact is that the trunks bear as
an identification mark the letter *F"
instead of "L." The tags show that
the first name had been erased.
"I further state that I am positive I
saw Kent J. Loomis and a gentleman
and lady between 1 and 2 o'clock fn the
morning of June 20. walking on deck.
(This was the morning on which the
steamship reached Plymouth.) Loomis
was assisted os sustained in his walk
by the gentleman and lady. I further
elate that the gentleman and lady wed*
the. same who occupied the table with
him and were !ti company with him a
great deal during the trip."
The statement adds certain details
of a rather personal nature which it is
df?s:rab!c- to withhold for the present.
Loomis' trunks and val!«es. which the
steamship company held subject to
"1 saw on the gangplank going from
the Kaiser Wilhelm II to the tugboat
Plymouth a. man whose name, after
comparing uith his description, I am
positive was Kent J. Loomis." says
Fiamm's statement. ""I was standing
at the railing looking at the tug. prob
ably rive feet away from Locmis. He
wore a light overcoat, eyeglasses and
traveling cap. He had a seat at the
table next to mine. I also saw him
much on deck «\r.d around the ship and
knew him sufficiently to identify him
positively. Loomis being a small man
in a light overcoat, his figure became
more conspicuous and. therefore, I am
perfectly satisfied this was Kent J.
Ix>cmis.
PARIS June 2S.— Gustav Flamm of
San Francisco, the passenger on the
Kaiser Wilhelra II. who particularly no
ucecl Kent J. Lcomis, to-day gave the
.American officials a formal written
statement, which will be forwarded to
the State Department In Washington,
giving precise details regarding Loomis
up to the moment Flamm went ashore.
His written statement follows substan
tially the verbal statement which he
made at the American embassy on June
21, but it is more explicit, being in
tended for the official record cf the pas
eer.gcr who last saw Loomis before his
disappearance.
Great Cattle Barons Are At
tempting ' to Deprive the
Homesteaders of Claims
Cowardly Trick May Pre
vent Aeronaut Making As
cension on Fourth of July
TKOOPS OKDERED OUT
There wi!l be a glut of work for the
Iccal shipyards when the vessels of
the salmon fleet return from the north.
All strors-hulled and well found as
they are. none cf these canvas winged
carriers are built for bucking ice. This
year, owing. to the tardy departure of
Jack Frost from Alaskan waters, near
ly every vessel of the fleet has had
more or less c-f a squet-ze in the frozen
brine of Bristol Bay.
Word from Bristol Bay comes sel
dom and takes a varying lensth of
time to reach the outside world. A
dispatch, dated June 10. was received
here the other day and yesterday came
one of June 9.
According to- this last message many
Of the vessels on June 9 were still tight
in the grip of the ice, although safely
at their anchorage in Bristol Bay.
Judging from dispatches of later date,
but earlier arrival here, they have
since be^n freed and are now loading
salmon for this port and Puget Sound.
Those vessels reported in the ice June
9 were: Alex. fJibsc-n, Oriental. Luclle.
Standard. C, F. Sargent, M. P. Grace,
Ilecla. Eclipse. B. P. Cheney, Nicholas
Thayer, Sea Witch and George F. Hal
ler.
NOTE — The high and low waters o~cur at
the city front iMUsion-street rvharf) about -3
minutes later than at Fort P.>int: the h^.ght
of tide is the sarr.e at t-jta places.
Ur:i:»!l Statva Cocst nnd Geo<2et!c Survey —
Time and Heljrht or Hijrh and Low Waters
at Fort Point. »ntrancc to San Francisco
Bay. Published by- official authority of th=
Superintendent.
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
June 2S 1904.
Th<« Time" Hall en the tower of the Ferry
building tras uropjxd exactly at noca to-day —
i. e., at noon of the 12Cth meridian, or at 8
V. in., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. V. S. S.. in charge.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
I'alifomian Is Positive That
Missing; American Left
the Kaiser Wilhelin II
3IAV CLEAR MYSTERY
Gustav Flairim ' of San
Francisco Draws Up a For
mal Written Statement
WOKK IS DONE AT NIGHT
Culprit Cuts and Slashes
With Dull Knife Airbag
of the Inventors Machine
Government Throws Open
Millions of Acres of
Grazing* Land in Nebraska
Reports From Bristol Bay Tell of Many Vessels of
the Salmon Fleet Frozen Hard and Fast in the
Northern Anchorage — Builders to Be Busy
ALASKA ICE IS MAKING
WORK FOR SHIPYARDS
SETTLERS RUSH
TO THE RANGE
DUMONT VICTIM
OF VANDALISM
SAYS HE SAW
LOOMIS LAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29. 1904.
11
RAILWAY TRAVEL^
jS^C H^lX TTmtaa le»T* wail are *¦«•
A)^<TO>jf\ to »rr1t»»t
y/^^JxlSAN FRANCISCO.
1^ (Tot* of JJarket Street )
».»at» — MAIN LINE. -a»»it»
7 CO* Vacs-THle. Wlaters. na-BMr 7 50*
7 OCa Beafcia. Kiratra aad Smcrameato. . 7 20t»
740a VallejA. Napa, Calli:os>. Saau
Roaa. Martraex. Saa Ramon 8 20*
7J0a N«ea.Tra«y. Lathrao. Asocicroa.... 7 20^
8.00a Sbaata Bipresa — (Via Darls>.
WluiaaM (for Ilartlett BpriacsX
Wllloirt. *rr«M». KM BlaX
Portlaad. Tacoma, 3eattl« 7 50*
! COa D»t;» Tf /xvi:»nti. Knlji:* LAadiaf.
llarysTiiie. Catco. t>roTOie ...... 7-5fl»
8 JOa Fart Costa. Uartlacx. AntfecX
Byroa. Tracy. Stockton. Ne»-
¦saa. Los Baaos. U«Bd»tt»
Armoaa. H»nf»rt Ttsalla.
Port'rrir.e ° 4.29*
tSOA Part Co«ta. Ma.aesto. il'?i*\
Tresao. Go«tl*n Jt action. Baa- „ *
ford. \1u lla. Cak*r*3el<l 4,S4»
tiCA Ntles. San Jose, LlVeraiorv. 3toek-
too, ('Milton), loae. S*er*n*nt3^
M»r»ir: >. f*ir<?o Ke4 Bla3 - 4.20*
8-50* Oaicdaie. Calaese, JiortMiva. So>
nor*. Taolamae aad Ani'lj 4 W»
9 00a AtlaaUc Sx?r-i»— O«iea tad E m:. f> 29?
9 30a Richmond, Martloex . aad * tj
Sta^oas C 50»
TO CC* TS* Orerlaal Lln-.".»i — Vii.fi.
Dearer. OmaSa. Chica(e> • 20»»
1O4«5a Talle'o , 12 2O
10-COALoa ¦ An«»lea Pa*«^Bter — Po^
Costa. Uarttaes, .Byroaw Tracy.
Latnrop. Stockton. Merca^.
Raymomd. Pr«tao. Goaarn Jan«-
ton. H.tafiri. Lemoore. YUa^a>
Basertfl*!!. Lo» An»» •».......• 7.29*>
- 12Jv»t E*r wtrd. >v:e» aad Way Saatioos. S 23»
t!40* Sacramento River Steaicers tMOQm
J M» Beaieia. Winters. Sacrament<x '
TTe«d!aa4. Wi'.lsva. Kalcnta ¦-
Landing. Marys tK1«. OrOT'.tle
,_^_ aad way stations 10 50*
J-fCPHaywart. MHesaaa Way SUtlons.. 7 B0m
foCP^ort Ccauu Mi.-::j4i. Bjroa.
Tracy. Utbm?. hodtiio, •
Marred. Bereada. Fresno aad
_ __ Way Stattoas beyond Port Coita 12-20*
S-38P To«em!te V»;> j, via Berenda aad
Wawoaa...*. 8-50a
3-SOP Marttnrz. Tracy. Stockton. LiMit... 10 2C»
4 00* Mart<aez.8nn lUmon.Vt!!e]o,3i;«,
C»',!»w*». ¦?»!>:» r..»» a ... ¦ 3 23*
4 OOP ynes. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.2C»
4Mi>Hi7»ir!. me* Irftngtoa. Saa I fS-SOA
Joa«. L(ren»cre ) MI.SOa
6 0Cpts« Owt Uat'.ei— Ns»si«a. L*e '
Banoa. HitiIki Freino. Talare.
Bakers2etd.Laa4S<slea. ... S 50*
t J5P B«r»»ri. >f"-i tjj >>g J^i .„. 7 20*
5 0C» Uijwartf. N!e»*u.l Saa Joje S JO*
8 0CPE»jc-ra Enrni-OjJjn. UenTsr.
Omaha. St. Louis. Cfc1c«o aad
Eaat. T.a Uardaez. Stocttoa.
?irr*nr.»3to. Col fax. Reno 12.S0**
700»»Val 1 ejo.Saaaay only ......( 7 M^
7JC hichmond. s»o {*•:.;<>. Port Costa.
Martfoaa and VTay Scatloas 1123a
7XCp Keaa Pasvoaser-^Pcrt Coau. ?¦::-
saa. K:.Ti!-a. Z>stI>. Saeramestoi,
Tnckee, Laka Ttltoe. B«aa,
Toaoyab. S?srks 711*
• C5p Orrxea at Calt.'on!* Kxpreta— 8ae-
rameatn. StarytTllle. P.8!(!!at
Portlnae. Paget Sona.l and Saat. 1-50*
t.19P Uayware. Nilo »a<J S»u Jo»» (Sua-
dayoBlyi 11. SO*
COAST LINE IMrrw Uaata;.
tfoot •: Mvtrt 3tr eet >
7-45a SaauCrBiExcor»1on»Sn3.1syonIy) t-18**
• •16a Bewark. Cen^erTilie. Saa Jose,
FalUra. Bov!derCr*ek'. BtgBaalo,
Saata Croi an t Way Statlosis... 5 S5»
t8.1S* Alrarado. 5ew«rt, San Joae. Loe
eatoa.Gteovoo<t. Felroa. Baoldar
Creek. Bis; Baaln. Saau Cru... 810*
17 A 5p Newark. Ceatarrilla. Saa Jaaev
5ew Alm«dea. Lo» (>stoa.7e!toa.
£«a!drr CTf«k. 8sa:a Cra* »si
Princffsl Way SUdoos 18 5S«
• 15a Ne»ar». Saa Jose. Loe Catea »S 55*
4-1 5 P Wris;at, Boolder Creek and Saau
Cru. 3a:ari»y aa<l Saaday ooly. if 55*
COAST LINE <»r»a4 •.,..,.
\t~ i rnire »ol Umtnl Straeta.)
5 10a 8aa Joae aa4 Way SUtioat 5 33»
'7 COa 8a.n Joae anl Way Sutlofts 5 4C»
7.15a Uoateiry and Ssau Cr jj Exear-
«loa (Saa4ayoo'y> 13 SC a
8 VOa ?•••»¦ Almad«n iTari.. Fr'.i.. only. 4-1 J»
• ¦SOATae Coaster— Saa Joae. Sattaaa.
Saa Arda. Pa*« Robles. Saau
Marcartta. Saa Lais OSIspo. Saata
Barbara. Saa Bnenatreatnra,
Mots:.".'t<v Oxaard. Boraaak. Loa
Aacetea 13 45*
8 COa GKr-jr. Ho!li«ter. Castro*iile. Del
M «'.». Pac!3e Grate, Sarf. Loa-
poc 104S»»
f .00a S»r Joseu Tr*a Plaoe. Cspttoia,
8aataCrJa.F<tciacUr»te.SAllaaa,
Saa I.nl» o*:spo aa« Prlaeipai
Way Station* 4-13»
1C ICa Saa Joe and Way Stations 1i3^
11 30a 6«r.t» Clara, baa Joa«. Loa Gatoa
aad Way Stattia* 7-30 j
1 .JCs» San Joae sad Way Sbxtioas 8 3S*
rj C0» I>;1 Mf>ate Kxareas— Saat* .vlars,
1 . *aa Jowi. Del Moa:e. il ju:cr«r.
I'actncQroTa 12 13*
i-M**Bar:iB«a<ae. Saa Joae. Gtiroy, n-il-
Ititcr. Tre» Piana. Pajara. Capt-
toia. Saau Chi, Ci^trov :..?.
b*;iau. l*«r!flc Grora to 45 A
*Z0» ?+a Joae aad IVay Sratinns ' -3X0*
tS CCp ?*n:» Clara. -»-• J -.-e. Loa «;»-¦¦••.
YTrigat and pnnclpaf Tfsy Sta-
tSons (exT-pt Saa<Jar) »S CC*
!5 30» fctnJcseaa41'rlacip<«lWayStattmi* "J 4Ga
6 44 p Sn3»»t Expr*«#.— Uedwuod. Saa
Joae, Gliroy.Sal!Da*.l>a*» Knbtea.
6aa Lbts <m:<i»n. Kanta Barbara.
Loa Ancelea. l>amtBz. t; Pxt-a,
Xew OrltiKt. Xr» twk 7 13*
B-45* Pajara Capttoia. Saau Cm. Caa-
troTll!e.DeI M-inte.Pact9cCn>T«. 134<»
tfi-ISP -•<• Uitfu,r..'trjf >rJ.n>.'iion-..S*j
tariba. MMiwood. Pslr Uaka.
UeaiePark. Pa.'oAlto tt.48*
t-SO* 8aa Jaae aa4 Way SfaUioes. S3a*
8 CCo Palo Aita a»d Way Btattoas 13 1i*
H -50p aovtk Saa rraacisc^ af nibrae. P-ir-
itBcass. Saa Mateo. B»:ruo«t.
Baa Carlo*. Sodvood. Pair Oxt*.
Itaale Park. iM ralo Alto 9 4S»
til- JCp Uayleld. Mavauia View. >asa7-
T»:e. Lawreaee. Saau Clara »ad
8»aJw t>45»
A (or iior:j:aj. P far Aflaraeam
'band*? exc<rpte4 t Soaday amir
e Satareay aoiy. » Moaday eaa*.
ISfoaa at all tt»t!oa» oo »_n_a i4i.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lr»T9 :fa .«»5i«lir« Frrrj; Arrive "
San Frauclieo Mt «f lasttt St. ! 3an FTanetwo^
Week Saa- 5°"- ****'
1000a PtteSBaJBg 2:05r*H:0S«
I 0:06a 11:00 a 3 35 r 3:35!
1:45 r 12:20 r 5: *° p .1 : ' 5 '
5-15 r 1:43 r y£3*y *M r IO-.0* I
I 4:35 ri **0 P ...
¦ Via CraritT Car. f Ta»«l»«i» ta lin Tarty.
Xicxxt' »42i Mabkkt St. (North aiiore Ralixoa-iJ
Omcia land dAUsauro Fi**t. Toot Martet Sa
»^ —^^ — — »— . |
Weekly Call. $1 per Yea*
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
H LIMITED TO CHICACcS
i LEAVES MOIDUS and THURSDAYS
I at 0:30 a. m^ through In 3 d*y«. H
rl with diner and all tratrplnr*. J
Other Santa F» Trains:
j 7:30 a. ta.1 fcr Stocktcn. Fresno. Bakersflsld.
! 8 CO p" m' J Mtmd < Haaford and Vlsalia.
! 4:C0 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
TICKET OrriCES — 641 Market St. and
7erry Depot, S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, CaL 27 Soutn Tint St.,
San Jcse.
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTERX BY. CO.
LESSEE
UM FFAKCISCU AND NORTH PACIFi:
BAZLWAT COaXFAlTT.
Tlouxoa Ferry, 7oot of ICarket Street.
BAIT 7BASCISCO TO SAW BAPAEL.
| \vt;t:K llAYfi — T:3«. »:w. »:w, li:ou a. m.;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 3:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:3<J
' P. «n.
I Saturtajs — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
I SUNDAYS — 7:30. S:0O 9:30. ll:C0 a. xa.: 1:30.
2:3O, 3:40 3:10. «:TO. 11 -.1O V. ra.
. SA5 SAfAHL TO SA2T rSAJTCXSCO.
i wt-KK uAYsj — b:l>5. t>:iKi. 7Ui5, 7:50. »:2j.
', 11:13 a. m.; 12:50. f2:0a 3:40. 5:00. 3:It».
¦ b.-5 p. is. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43
i SUNDAYS— «:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. in.: 1:43.
3:40. 4:50. 5:C0. 5:2O. 6:25. 7:50 p. m. tEx-
cgpt Saturdays. .
Leave ' In ECact I Arrtr*
f=an Fran. I May 1. 1904. ( San Fran.
| Week I San- J Destlna- I Sun- J W«k
| Days. I days. ( tlon. ) days. | Days.
¦¦ 7r3Oa 7:45 a! 7:45~a
f 7:30 a 8:OOa 8:40a. S:40 a
t 6:0Oa 0:30 a Jjmaclo. 10:i*U ailO:2O a
: 2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6.2O p
' 8:10 p 5:10 p S:2Op 7:23 p
7:25 p
j ; 8:45 p
i 7:30 ai 7:30 a 7:43 at 7:43 a
! »>:00a S:0Oa Xovato. 10:20 a' 10:20 a
[ 2:30 p! 9:3»a Petaiuma. «:20pj6:20p
5:10pJ2:30p and 7:25p|7:23p
I 8:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p|
T::iOa 7:20 a! 10:20 «| 10:20 a
S:COa S:0O a! Fulton. 7:23 pi «:2jp
2:30 p 2:30 pf 8:45 p| 7:25 p
J Windsor. I
> 7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburgr. 10:20 a,10:20 a
Lytton. (
2:30 p 2:30 p G«ysenr1II«. 7:23 p) 7:23 p
! Clovrrdale. (_
! 7:SOa'7:3Oa! -HcpJand |I0:2Oa!10:20 a
1 g:3t> P' - ::? 0P' and Uklah. l7:23p|7:23p
i 1 ) Wlllits. j I
; 7:30aj Ts'iOal Sherwood. ) 7:25 p| 7:25 p
! 8:tOal S:00a| Guernevllle and 110:20 a'10:20 a
' 2:30 p| 2:30 p Camp Vacation. | 8:43 p| 6:20 p
I S:COa!8:COa |~S:40a~8:40a
• 5:10p!9:SOa Sonoma. | B:0O p 6:20p
i | 5:10 p Glen Ellen, t 8:43 p
• 7:30a|7:3Oa| 110:20 a|10:20 a
! 2:30 p| 2:30 pi SebastopoL | 7:25 pi 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Watte
; Sulphur Springs and Mark W«st Springs; at
: Fulton for Burks' s Sanitarium: at Lytton for
! L>lton Springs; at Geyserville for Skas^s
1 &prin?s: at Clovrrda> for the Geysers. Boone-
! ville and Greenwood : at Hop!and for Duncan
; .-prlngs. Hishlar.fi Springs Kelaeyvtlle. Can«-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lafceport and Bartlett
| Springs: at tTklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
; Eprtngs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. BucknellV
f Sanhedrln Heights. HutivUle. Orr'« Hat
I Epriogs Halfway House. Coteptca», Camp
' Stevens! Hopkins. Mendocico City. Fort Bra^g
I Westport. Vsal: at Wtllits for Fort Brag*.
I Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo. Laytcn-
| vtl!e.\ Cummins. Bell's Spring*. Harria. Olsena.
• Dyer.\Garberk-llle. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu-
i r«ka. '
' Saturday to Monday rousd-trlp tickets at r«-
j duced rates.
On Sunilayi' — Round-trip tickets to all points
! beyond San Rafae! at half rates.
Ticket Office. 630 Market street. ChroOlcl*
bulldin..
! JAS. U FRAZTKR. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
P^^^^3 ¦ ross valley -
! CAZADERO, Etc.
•SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGS.
Depart frcm San Francisco, week days, at
V3C 7 :lQ > I:43 « 8:a> - 9:J5 - 10:0 °- 11:C * *• «¦-
H1-4U a- Ri- Sausalito only). 12:20. 1:45. 9:15.
40O 4:33 5:13. 3:50. 6:25. 7:15. 0:00 I0:23t
11-35 P m" Sundays and legal holiday s, depart
at' 7:10. T:*i. 8:30. 9:13. 10:00. 11:00, 11:49
i. in. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:13. 4:00. 4:35.
5:15. "5:50. 6:23. .7:15. 8:15. »:CflL 10:2<X 11^3
p m
Arrive at San Frandaco week days. 6:17.
7-00 7:35 S:13. 8:43. 9:35. 10:20. ll;05 a. mj
1205. 1:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20. 5:05. 3:40. 6:13.
6-55. ?:U. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holldayt extra train* arrive at 12:45.
2:o5. 8:50 i>. to.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a.- m.
2-15 t> m., 5:15 p. ra. lex. Sat.). On Sundays
and li'gal holidays at 7:45. 8:30 »:15. 10:00.
11:00, 11:40 a. m.. 12:20.. 1:00. 1:43. 2:30. T:l»
and 8:15 p. ™jj KOlrGH TRAINS.
T-45 a. m. dally — Caxadero and way station*.
t:l5 a* m.. Sundaja only— For °olnt Reyts.
etc
3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Caxa-
dero. ate •
5:15 P. tn.. daily except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
etc.
8:13 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazader* ets.
TICKET OFFICE— <2« Market at.
FERRT— VBloa Desot. toot of lUrkst a. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\\ BLATZ method is generally commented fj
as most remarkable and unique, for |
i the reason that in most every par- A
{iil^V 5 ticular it is original from a brewer's- h
j j^^J point of view. [I
i / \K* The very choicest of every com- f
j V^ yh ponent part of the Blatz brews is |j
Vl J^ the invariable rule. Only the best I j
A of Mother Earth's crop is ever con- jj
I / \^Jr sidered. The result is a beer of N
I I honest quality with a goodness all ||
k \ s own * \\
I l\ \ x^^ Always the Same Good Old "Slate." Jj
I (i^>— -^^^ BLATZ MALT-VIVINE-(Non-Iatoxi«at) L
i %--^y^-—^1» A WAIiT TOHXO f\
uv'lj For Convalescents and Run- Down Systems. i!
» VAL, BLATZ BREWING CO,, Milwaukee 1
m* SAM BIBO ®, CO., I
V#^y_ WHOLESALE DEALEB3, 212 BATTEUTT STXMT, jn
"^ San rrmscijco. TaX. Mala 58S3. JSt
- APVKBTISKMT.NTS.
"1Jnion"Gas Engi nes
"I ifiinn #• n <ri n #• c *i ri* uL. BKsBa^K^a^P'*'^vKattKa9AcmaV^BaB^cJi alHL'Vlr
in use in 55 h. p. 3-cm*an>sx "tthtos" mabtbtb txqjxh.
this port than those of- all other makes combined- They are fitted to
run on gasoline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. Special fittings for
kerosene and crude oiL Send for our catalogues, stating requirements.
Union GasEn$lneCompajy^^^, T^ t'THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1904.
12
CAnPET IIE 1 ATIXG AM) CLEAXIXG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Procrss now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., 308 Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet -beat-
ing Works, ,'U>5-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.— First-class
carpet cleaning 1 . 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet cleaning Works. 180!) Har-'
rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
j CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Works,
i R.13 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126. .
I HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 210.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
\ tel. Main ."91. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
I RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; price's
I reasonable. 170:1 Harrison si.; tel. Mission 2G3.
CXOTHIWQ BEITOVATIirO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing, lion Marche. 40 Ellis St., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
i BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel Main 55S0.
¦ CT7RES BtrPTTggS.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holders. $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market st. ; send for circular.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate^ — The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 60; fillings, 50c;
plates, ?.">; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental 1 arlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50e; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the
Grant building. 1095 Market, 2d floor; all
first-class dentistry at low, prices,
ALL work warranted by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 069 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. rl4, 1st
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 uju crowns, $2 up;flllings,25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt204 Suttr.
DKKSSMAKMUS .VXD SEAMSTKBSSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School —
( Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst' and knlfe-plaltlng. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
E. R. AYRES, founder and manager of Ayres
' Business College for 14 years, has returned
Xj takft active management; bookkeeping,
fhorthand, typewriting; $5 a month; life
sfholarthlp $50: day and evening. Bancroft
building. 723 Market st.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building.' 73S Mission
St., between Third and Fourth: more space:
finer rooms: better light: finest in the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting give*
more performances and' secures more engage-
rnentv for students than all other Western
tchools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A — METROPOLITAN BUSINESS ' COL. and
Academy, G02 Van Ness; finds employment;
• day, ev'g; Dr. Smith of Cal. Bus. Col. with
, us. R. H. WEBSTER, Pres.
I HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and 'light sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
JAPANESE language by a - Japanese gentle-
man; conversation, ¦ reading, writing. Apply
box 1169. Call office. .-
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket,', guarantees , positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $S mo.
HEALD'S School ot Mines A Electiiclty.24 Post
et.. S. F. ; a practical school ot engineering:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, i algebra.bookkeeplng.shorthand ;
day. eve. Western Bus. College, 1107 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
EDUCATIONAL Con tinned.
DANCING — Adults. Men. and Frl. evg»; Juve-
niles, Sat. 2 to 5; prtv. lessons dally. Flnd-
liy's Hail, 17th, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING—Clvll, el-c. ujln.. mech.. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. ev. : est. 1S84. Van
der Nalllfn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK,
•xp^rlenced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Ohlrus? help. 42tt Powell st. ; tel. Main 5732.
JA PANKSE-Chinese Kmp. Office. 415 Stockton;
beat help. Fritz Tamagakl.mirr. ; tel Bush 859..
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. SIB Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINFSE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMHXT WA.XTRD — FKMALB.
A COMPETENT American woman wishes work
by day: fine flannel washer, laundress and
sweeper; $1 25 and carfare. MRS. WILSON.
S73 Mission St.. cor. Fifth, room 5. upstairs.
A WOMAN would like a posil i as good coolc
in small family; city or San Mateo: no otv-
Jectlon to co to the country-; will do light
washing. 73 Mission St., room 0.
A RESPECTABLE, well educated lady, 32
yeara old. wishes a position as housekeeper,
city or country; $3U to $40. Box 1113. Call.
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work In a small American family. 12C0Va
Devisadero st.
RELIABLE woman wants light housework;
will assist care of child. Address 1103
Powell St., near Washington.
POSITION wanted as housekeeper in hotel,
rooming-house, or aged couple: reference;
will go to country. Call 1028 Gold-en Gate av.
TWO Swedish girls desire positions to do gen-
eral housework; do not speak English. Call
at .Tf»5 Jersey st.
A YOUNG woman, good references, for laundry
work and house cleaning, sweeping; $1 30 a
day. Call 777>4 Market st.
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer and
typewriter, desires position: references. G.
M.. 1623 Mission st.
RELIABLE middle-aged German woman
wishes a position in family; do good plain
c(.cktr k. general housework; $20; no mail.
Call Horn 9 to 4 at 606 Fourth St.. nr.Brvan:.
WANTED — By a young. refined American
. lady. Dosltlon to assist a lady with house-
work; sleep at home. Address L. B.. 1042
Larkin st.
A YOUNG Swedish girl. Just out from Sweden,
- withes a place; general housework; wages
$15. 2650 Folsom st.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist in light
housework and care of baby. MISS J.
DESMOND. 507 Mission st.
RELIABLE woman wants any' kind of work
where she can take girl, 4*.j years; $5 to $10;
city or country. Address box 2073, Call.
A COMPETENT woman wants situation;
housework: good cook and laundress; city or
country. Rox 2672, Call office.
A SWEDISH woman wants work by the day,
¦washing or cleaning. Address by letter. C.
, S., 1169 Mission st. ¦ .* -¦ ': -..
A YOUNG woman, good references, for laundry
work and house cleaning, sweeping; $1 50 a
day. Call 410 Franklin St., near Hayes.
A WOMAN wants work of any kind, whole or
,, half day. Address 326 Minna at.
LADY wishes to care for two" children; must
be of respectable appearance. Apply 136B
Twenty-eighth at:
WOMAN with a little child would like to do
I general housework In a respectable family
¦ of two people. Box 1232. Call office.
! COMPETENT young woman wants position as
a lady's maid in the city or. to travel. 2022
Fillmore st.. near California.
: DRESSMAKER wishes situation going out by
the, day on plain suit*, alterations and re-
palring; willing to go to country. 423 Grove.
1 RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day
washing, ironing or sweeping: $1 SO per day
and car fare. Address box 1268, Call office.
ANY kind of housework wanted by a reliable
woman. MRS. M., 443 Golden Gate ave.
A SITUATION for light housework *.iJ crok-
ing. Call 1018 Howard st.; no postals.
POSITION wanted by experienced stenog-
rapher and lyoewriter. Box 2G67, Call.
A YOUNG girl lately landed -wishes a place
to do housework. Call C10 Natorna st.
HaT^Jt^a —I%b1 IWIal I— lafHTBtaill^fc MIIIM ¦!% — ¦<! lit I H I anai Lai I la i
3O11X D. SPKIXKELS. .. .Proprietor
Address O-mm-Jfilcatlons to
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
rr.bltcstior Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
J>!iv«>re<l by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per W«ek, 75
Ct* Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cte.
Terms by Msi'.. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
TMTLY CALL f!n<-lu.1. Sunday). 1 year... $8. 00
PAILT CALL Onclud. Sunday). 6 mos... 4.00
PAILY CAL1,— By Single Month 7Sc
FUN-DAY CALL. 1 Year 2.6«
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1-W
„__,_„. | I.»ai!y...*S.8« *>!" VMr Extra
£°. REI^ IBundaiC 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. !\\Vrk!y. l.firt Per Y**r Extr«
ALL rOSTMAPTFRS AHE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Fample Copies will he forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail •ub»cr!bers in ordering change of a<J-
Ir-t-i should be r«rticu!nr to give both NEW
>ND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
jrorr.pt and correct compliance with their re-
UTItt
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
£148 Center Street Telephone North n
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
pAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WaMorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brcntsno, 31
fnlon Squire: Murray BUI Hotel; Flfth-ave-
fcue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Phenr.ar House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremcr.t House; Auditorium
Hutel; Pa'.TT.er House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNE'SS..Marquette Building
(Lor.g Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW TORX REPREPENTATIVE:
FTErHEN B. SMITH .30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CA"RLTON Herald Square
BCEXKKSS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
Corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
¦.<**; Market street, opposite Fifth; open until i
11 p. m.
827. Mrstir<->mery etreet, corner Clay: open until
f»:30 p. it».
BC) Hayes *.l:*et: op^n until 9 :3ft p. m.
639 McAllister Etr*et; open until 8:30 p. m.
€15 L*rkin street, open until 9:30 p. m.
3'.<11 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
t2«-*J Market ftreet. corner Sixteenth; open until
' 9 p. m.
JOK 'Eleventh ftreeT; open until 8 p. m. t
josi; Valencia ftreet: open until ft p. m.
JCcrtheast corner Church and Puncan streets;
oi>en until 9 p. m. •
JCor-rnves'Teorjjtr of Twenty-second and Ken-
tuc'ky ot.*»ets; cpei until 9 p. m.
52^0 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. •
MEETI.VG NOTICES.
CXXriDENTAL Lodge »No. 22. F. and A. g
M. wi:i.m»et THURSDAY AFTER- VV
NOON at 1 :30 o'clock, to attend the /V\
• funrral of nur late, brother. SIMON
HARRY SEYMOUR. Master Masons are ln-
'. vitf-*. By order of • •
c o EIiWAni) C. LANDIS. W. M.
WAX.TEH G. ANDERSON. Secretary-
IJTXT MorUh Lodge No. 44. P. & A. »
' M.— CalU -d cieetins THIS (WEDXE?- VV
. PAY) EVENING, at 7 : 3' » .o'clock: /yf\
¦ third flfgree.
. TlinO. FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge .Nr.. 133. F. and A. •
M— Se-o-;d Decree THIS (WEDNES- *»/V
.DAY) EVENING st 7:00 o'clock. By />T>
oider o- the W. M.
R. H. MrPHEKSON, f*-cretary- I
MISSION °Lodge." Nf>. 16». F. A. M— ft
CfcUrt nv-f «np THIS. (WEDNESDAY) VV
EVENING." at 7:30 o'c;»ck: third de- /y\
Free. Rp K. ALLEN. Secretary.
tCXXti BOLOMOJfS Lodce No. 2'jP. "r. R
¦ nd A. M.. 1^'ii F:l!more st. — Third YY
.. Tiffciet ¥HX$ (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- /V\
ING et 7:30 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
"""SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY. offlee~of
f-ecretary. New Ycrk. June 15. 1904. Notice
tc ftockholders.
To the StocUiclders of Southern Pacific
Company:
Notice It hereby given that the board of
«:rpctor« cf the Southern Pacific Company
at a meeting this day held, called a special
xne»tir.g of the stockholders of raid company
to convene at the office of the company in
JWchmor.t, Jefferson County, Kentucky, en
Wednesd»y. the twentieth day of July, 1904,
§.'. 11 o'clock a. m., Mandard time, to consider
end act upon reso!uitcr.s to be brought befor*
them at raid meeting In substantially the
lorm and to the effect following, vix:
•¦Resolved (1). that the capital etock of the
Southern Pacific Compacy be increased one
Jiundred million dollars by Issuing one million
additional thares of the par value of one bun-
<5rert dollars each."
"Resolved (2), that the paid increased stock
ehall be preferred stock; that the holders of
euch preferred stock ehall be entitled to d;vi-
&*ni* in each fiscal year at such rate, not ex-
ceeding seven per cent per annum, payable
#err.l-anrua.'.ly out of the net profits, aa shall
t.e derlarel by the board of directors, before
¦ cy dividend shall be declared on the common
rtock ; that ruch dividends shall be non-cumu-
lative; that the hollers of euch preferred stock
«ihall not by virtue thereof be entitled to any
oth^r or further share of the profit* of the
company; that, upon the dissolution of the
company, voluntarily or otherwise, the holders
of preferred etock shall be entitled to have
their shares redeemed at par before any dis-
tribution of any part of the asset* of the com-
pany shall be made to the holders of the com-
mon etock; that said preferred stock ehall be
Issued and -fold from time to time to such
• mounts and in euch manner as the board of
director* may authorize and determine, but
ct not lees than the par value oi the aharea-
that It ehali be convertible Into common stock,'
chare for chare, at the option cf the holders
at any time; and ahall be redeemable at the
rptioti of the compacy on or at any time after
the firrt day of July. 19C5, and before the first
c.a> of July, 1920. at cr.e hundred and fifteen
dollar* per ehare."
"Resolved <3), that the board of director*
Bhall be end they arc hereby authorized to es-
tablith. iroro time to time, and enforce all
ruch rules ar.d relations respecting the Is-
sue, sale, redemption and conversion of auch
etock. not Inconsistent herewith, a* In the
Judgment of the board may be necessary or
expedient."
For the purpose of euch tpeclal meeting the
rtock transfer bocks cf the company will be
closed July 14. 1904. at 3 o'clock p. m. and
reopened Thursday. July 21. 1904. at 10 o'clock
a. m.
ALEX. MILLAR. Secretary and Clerk.
ACEXTS WASTED.
WANTED— Doth male and female. to~do"housc^
to-house canvassing; big money In it; with
but little effort any ordinary raan or woman
of intelligence can make from $10 to $25 per
day. Apply at 1224 Height St.
A TTO n S E Y S- A T-L A W.
d.. W. HOWE, fl22~ MARKET ST "
T«l. Jes*le 4711. Established 22 year*. Advice
free on all legal matters; divorces a special-
ty, private, quick; no pay in advanc*; mining
ooin tunics organized; patents obtained; wills,
de*dJ>. collection*; det-ctlves employed.
tt. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg
fith floor; entrance room 611; established 15
y*ar«; ail cases, general court and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red :«J0I.
TENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Elll* »t. 13
yrs. practice; ref». from many thousands cj
¦oldlrra. callors. widows and orphan* on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE — Corts, $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; all law business; no charge unless sue-
cesEful; open evenings. 027 Market, room 30L
ADVICE free; divorce cost* J12; no fees or
cocts in advance: all law business; office
ejen Saturday evenings. 819 Market st.. r. 33.
X*. S. CLARK, 927 Market st; consultation
free: no fees in advance; open evenings.
ATrroMOsn.ES.
.AL'TOaiOBILES — Livery, garage and ral»s-
rooms; automobiles of every description
b'surht and eold; will buy or "ell recond-
hand machines. See u* before vcu do any-
thing with your machine. Phone South 702.
Pacific States Automobile Co.. 217 EU1« Ft.
AUTOMOBILE <or eale cheap: 3-aeatcr: car-
ries nine persons or more; 25 horsepower; in
perfect order. * For particular* Inquire of W.
J. WEATHERLff. 20 Fremont *t.
A CADILLAC automobile for sale. Box 1045,
Call office.
•WANTED— A raeollne automobile. Box 2849,
Call office. ; ;___
TTAJfTED— To buy an automobile; muit be
rtk*onab;e. Box 2210. Call office. ,
ASTHMA BIMEDT.
A. Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves lnstant-
ly; 10c. 25c. SOc. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
BOOKS.
DALY' & CURRAN. second-hand booksellers,
removed from l!0t. Powell st.. to K57 Oeary st.
Ill M.tESS _CHA-\CI3S.
A— $3500- BEEK hall; choice location; 3-year
lease; rent $75; Bet rent $-'3; line buslness;
elegant natures; choke^t s-tock oi Wlnef,
liquors, etc. See R. O. WILKE. 2S'i Kearny.
A— $450; ROADHO&SE: 4 rooms; dance ball;
5-year lease; splendid business opening. See
R. U. 'Wll.KE. itWi Kearny' st.
A — $loUU; SALOON In wholesale district; rent
$50; estab. 25 years; a goud-puying saloon
and fine fixtures; value in sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2t>>,s Kearny st.
A— JtfOCU;' CORNER talocn; ciot-e to Sutter «t. ;
place estab. years: doing an excellent busi-
ness- lease; rent $115; net rent $4S; elegant
I fixtures. See R. Q. WILKE, 201'i Ketrny.
I A— 515.000; BARROOM; owner never ciears
' lees than $1000 per month; location and busi-
ness oar.'t he beat. See l£. U, WILKE. 1'tfJi
K«arny Et.
A— JSOO: PARTNER wanted In office cf manu-
facturer'k agent; a first-class offer for pood
r.:«n; $.">00 10 be invented in business; of lies
c>ars about $2£>0 per month. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! Roadl.ouse'. Road-
li.-'js»! With I'i furnished rooms; rent $40;
itE»e- a flrst-clars payinc resort. See R. CJ.
WILKE. 2C»4 Kearny st.
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercar.-
tlle lunch; on Montgomery st., vicinity of
t California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WII.KE. 2«:H Krarny »t.
A — $450: BARBER shop: 3 chairs; best location
in the MlfcSion; rent $15. bee R. G. WILKE,
W^ Ktatny st.
A— $CO0; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp!
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clear**about
$175 per month. See R. CJ. WILKE. 2tf^i
' Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds,
good furniture: lease; place paying well. Se«
R. G. WILKE. 2*H4 Kearny st.
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. ~EUL and
Stockton sts.; rent $150: lease; place estab-
lished years; first -*!ass business. Call R. U.
WI1.KE. 26% Kearry et.
A — $375 cigar stand, transfer corner: rent *23:
geed paying j.Iace. R. G. Wilke. 28 »4 Kearny
$300. $900. $900.
$20 weekly absolutely guaranteed immediate-
ly; manufacturing business; only exclusive on
coast sell stationers, grocers, shoe dealers,
ehoe rej'airers. office supplies, corporations, de-
partment stores, notion stores; good established
trade, paying dally profit; want good man take
supply wagon, sell and deliver or attend office
and put up gjods; duties light; easily learned;
will advance good man to $25 weekly if satis*
factory <x> da>s; money secured by triple value;
want worker and want him at once; AA1 ref-
erences given and required; quW:k; investiga-
tion solicited. Call rcom 34, Donohoe bldg..
1170 Market st.. city.
I WANT $2000; incorporate; advertise, sell
stock high class manufacturing business; big
market, small expense", large profits, and only
house of kind on coast; loss impossible; cash
only secures details and particulars. Call
room 34. Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market St.. city.
$2CT0 REQUIRED promcte high class manufac-
' turing business: exclusive line; established;
better goods, lower prices than any on earth;
want incorporate and advertise; will mort-
gage business and absolutely guarantee re-
turn $3Oi0 inside six months; principals only;
investigate it you have cash. Room 34, Don-
choe bldg.. 1170 Market St., city.
SOME stock in the Pinal and Brookshlre oil
weils. which are producing large quantities
of hiRh-erade oil and selling to the Standard
Oil Company at from t'5c to 75c; the most
promising oil Investment, perhaps, in the
State. For particular* apply to
W. E. BARNARD. 470 Tenth st., Oakland.
FOR SALE — Oakland Crematory stock.
Already raying dividends in March, May and
June. 30c each month.
S. P. milling stock; pays SOc per share
monthly and has done so for over 10 years;
these two above the safest and best paying
stocks in the market.
Some other attractive Investments. Call on
W. E. BARNARD. 476 Tenth st.. Oakland.
BARBER shop, 3 chairs; complete; rent and
water $20 $400
Home bakery: no wagon trade; snap .$2000
Cigar stand; 2 years' lease; rent $35 $400
Branch bakery, df-lioatessen, notion store $100
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 10O5>H Market St.
$375— RESTAURANT and die seating 45;
plenty tableware, French range. 2 cas stoves.
MERCHANTS' AGENCY, lOOS^ Market St.
TRANSIENT house on Market St.; 23 rooms:
newly papered, good furniture; clears $10O
monthly: price J1K50: $soo can remain.
MERCHANTS' AGENCY, lCOS^i Market St.
$3T>0 WILL secure a lifelong position and in-
come of $rx> guaranteed ; experience unneces-
sary, but party mu»t furnish references;
present income can easily h<? doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 1007 Vi
Market st., room 1.
FOR $275— Fruit and procery; also horse and
wasjen; receipts average $20 daily; rparty go-
ing to Europe. Inquire HW.i Market "st.
$5.ViO— GROCERY and bar; fine stock; bargain.
SSSO to $15, 000— Saloons; all parts city.
$2.*»0-$3000— Rcstaurants.all ptts.city:harKa!ns.
$15t» — Concord stage coach: good condition.
BERG. ARMSTRONG fc CO.. 318 Kearny St.
$550 — DELICATESSEN, family restaurant;
hep.rt of city; U-ase; rent $75; bargain
BERG ARMSTRONG & CO.. 31S Kearny st.
IF 'you intend to buy or sell. It will pay you
to call on the
EUREKA REALTY CO..
7S3'4 Market st. ; phone Black CS97.
The up-to-date real -state agents.
$300— WANTED, steady, sober partner; estab-
lished commission business; experience not
necessary; must be satisfied with 520 per
week and able to keep light office books. See
H. C. KOOP & CO.. 1118 Market et.
! A— $3800; PARTNER, crude milling and paint
manufacturing business; fully equipped; es-
tablished; targe profits. KREDO k CO. 705
Market st.
A YOUNG man of good character would like
to negotiate fcr a loan of $25,000 for 3 to <i
months; can give double security and will
pay gcod Interest. Address box 2C68. Call.
$350 — GOOD paying restaurant and cafe; seats
50; private rooms; good fixtures; low rent:
must bo sold before July 1 on account of
sickness. H. McCABE. 950 Mission st.
A MEDICAL practice; $3000 monthly. $10,000
equipments in sight; take $5000 cash, balance
rasy payments. Room 2, Francisco Hotel,
Tay!f»r ar.d Turk sts., for particulars.
GROCERY and bar In Hayes Valley fcr sale;
cash trade; new and clean Etock of goeds;
fixtures and cash register, etc.; low rent.
Box 1022. Call office.
HOTEL for sale or lease to a responsible
party: located in a lively business town about
CO miles from San Francisco. Address box
1CC6. Call office.
WANTED — Steady, reliable man for steady
place; will pay $90 a month: price $2T<0. «532
Market, room 6.'
FOR rale — Good paying country hotel, cheap;
at railroad station. .For particulars inquire
500 Third St., S.W. cor. Bryant; no agents.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store with table*
for serving meals; best location In city and
a good trade: price $700. Box 2584. Call.
WANTED — To buy a coal and wood yard; es-
tablished and in good location. Addrees Box
837. Call office.
FOR sale cheap— Barber shop: 3 hydraulic
chairs; fine mirror case; good condition. J.
G. Bondl. 97 S.Mkt.-San Fernando, San Jose.
FOR sale— First-class country " hotel:"- For In- ;
formstlon apply P. O. box 135. Guerneville,
Sonoma County.
FOR SALE— Grocery with bar In Western Ad- I
dltion; good location; price $1200. Box 872.
Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar store; must be
sold at once: cheap rent; lease. Box 1226,
Call office. Oakland.
OLD established butcher shop for sale; well lo-
cated, on Third nt.: owner retiring from busi-
ness. Call at South Park Market, 432 3d st.
$l. r i00— PARTNER; fln« cash business; $400
month; will double; new enterprise Box
2C12, Call office.
GROCERY and liquor store In the Mission for
sale; price $1100; average cash sales $21
per day. Particulars box 2543. Call office.
WANTED— To buy cigar stand; must be good
location. Box 2674. Call office. .
$100u — RARE business chance ; thorough elec-
trician preferred. Box. 1264, Call office.
WHAT have you? I have money. Address box
2e53, Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale; good location. Box
k 3£08. Call office. / ,
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued^
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. corner Market and Powell.
Headquarters for a!l kinds of business chances.'
FOR pale^ — Well-furnished 5-room ark," moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance toe
summer outinp; also for winter shooting and
flFhinK; all modern conveniences: new, one
year; prRv ?2.'00 complete. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy ?t. /,-. '
FOU sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located in Cal.; assays 540 to $70. ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOri sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location: established 0 years: rent
SoO; clears ?'J0 to ?1CO per month; price 55C0;
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR «nl? — Carriage and wagon factory and
penoral Jobhinc; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.:
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business, CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate.
r< •¦minp-biuses and business chances. CAM-
ERON «t CO.. 5 Eddy st.
FOR exchange — Lot. l 25x125, with cottage.
East Oakland; high basement, cement islde-
waiks, everything first class: on direct car
line; Cor rooralnp-house. S. F. ; value $2000.
Cameron & co.. 3 Eddy st.
WANTED — To buy a reataurant; not over $650.
Address box 35S3, Call office.
$450 — CANDY and ice cream store; furnished
rooms; first-class; rent $35. 210 Fourth st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of alvcrtisf irents and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Oper until 11 p. m.
LOOGIXG-HOUSlfiS KOK SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone South 105U
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
I 32 rooms; cheap rent: 2 years' lease; fine
¦downtown location; 2 entran9es; everything in
, first-class condition; cood furniture and car-
; pets; clearing now $200 per month; Jf run
transient can clear 5300 to ?3o0 i>er month;
here is best proposition in city; price $32uO.
I 90-room new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent: most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
7-room fiat; rent 540: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
108 rooms; cheax> rent; new and elegantly
furnished. u;vto-date rooming-house; has fine
bar: can be run in conjunction if desired;
rare chunce for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness interests demand immediate departure.
. IS rooms; rent only $75; well furnished
little apartmont-house; reduced to $1250.
12C rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights ; long lease: clears $400 to ?5CO per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
7-room modern flat, close In, well furnished,
cost f«JOO, at bargain if sold at ence; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now S3U0 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
12S rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-datr downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $.100 to JHOrt per month: must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
14 rooms; rent only $57: oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $000.
105 rooms; cheap rent: first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rent; 10 years' lease: close In:
clears $100 per month; $4CC0 down balance S
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition:
good lease.
ISO rooms: grand, new, modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $300 to $000 per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
Large list of real .estate, rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
400 Hearst bid?., over Examiner entrance.
Cor^Thlrrl and Market sts. Tel. Black 3tiO7.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
37- ROOM apartment-house; north of Market;
corner; most elegantly furnished in golden
oak and blrdscyc maple; heavy velvet car-
pets; 5-year leasehold. MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS; new and modern; 8-year lease; ;
income $1097 menthly; expenses $630; profit
$458; doctor has ordered owner to Arizona;
it's a first-class bonaflde house.
MARION GRIFFIN.
17 ROOMS; near St. Francis Hotel; income
$114 over rent; well furnished.
MARION GRIFFIN.
16 ROOMS on Van Ness ave.; rent $60; profit
$103 monthly; suitable for a refined lady;
make an ofTcr to MARION GRIFFIN.
| 2S ROOMS; $1200. See MARION GRIFFIN
i for a big snap; quiet, ful!, respectable.
20 ROOMS; near Market et. ; 5t;00; lease; elec-
tric lights; chance for some one.
MARION GRIFFIN.
14 ROOMS, near Eddy and Hyde sts., for
$250 down and $10 monthly; it is clean; it
is nice; the rooms are lnrce end it is a- big :
bargain. MARION GRIFFIN.
40 ROOMS, near Leavenworth and Sutter sts.;
in fine condition; lease; big bay-window
rooms front and back; profit $150 month;
fine business for any high-class lady.
MARION GRIFFIN.
81 ROOMS for $4000; profit $240 monthly;
wide, airy halls; large sunny rooms; m«n
roomers; owner can make $4000 earn $500
ninthly in another business.
MARION GRIFFIN.
10 ROOMS, $300; worth $700; 8 rooms fur-
nished; all rented: north of Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
30 ROOMS with elegant furnishings; floe cor-
ner on Sutter st. and clearing $175 nfonthly;
high-class roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
22 ROOMS: SE. corner; house nicely furnished;
absolutely respectable; full of steady room-
ers; rent only $5 - per room; clears over $75
every month; now if you want a good home
and a paying business at a bargain get full
particulars at once of MARION GRIFFIN.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, leas-.. .$3500
28 rconv. all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 room*, low rent, country transient.. 5000
21 rooms, rent only $35 1500
40 rooms, rent $70, transient 1D0O
8J room*, rent $rt per room 3400
Monty to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 272 Kearny ft.
Al HOUSE In central district; 107 finely" fuT-
r.ifhed rooms: electric and gas lighted;
steam heated; hct and cold water in rooms;
elevator is operated all hours; price • only
$SCOO. Call at Eureka Realty Co., 783^
Market st.
NURSES' home; 12 ¦ rooms furnished; house
1157 Octavia st., near Ellis; graduate nurses:
long established; new oak furniture; all
rented; Income $151; rent, gas, water $Cfi;
price $700; cause of sale, death.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market st.
If you want to buy a house or flat on easy
terms, larce list to eelect from, try.
MITCHELL & CO. >
FOR SALE — Lodging-house: desirable location;
close to Fifth and Market; 26 rooms; all
f ull ; price $950. Address box 2542, • Call.
40 ROOMS; downtown; transient: clears ; $175
mo. ;-. rent $4 50 room. Box 8G5, - Call. .
LODGING-HOUSE, 231 Third st.. for sale; 20
rooms; rent $75; price $930; on acct. sickness.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any , address In the
. United States or Canada one year for $1.
LODGING IIOUSES j WASTED.
IF you have a good 1'odglng-house or board-
ing-house In San Francisco for sale, about
40 rooms, address box 893. : Call office. As I
will be in the city in a few day* and desire
to locate.
EMPtOYMEXT WAXTEIV-rEMAlB,
EXPERIENCED cook wishes position in luncS-
fcouse; no Supday work. Box 2602, CalL
YOUNG lady desires clerical position la offlc*
or store. Box 1q78. Call office.
JAPVNESE girl wants place at houseworlc
and Dlain cooking. M.. 5-3) Stevenson *t-
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 6^3 McAllister st.
KMPLUV MK.\T WA.MKU aiAUS.^J
EXr*:RT egg candler who also controls some
egg trade wishes position; 14 year3" expe-
rience in California. Address W. E. C. 724
Folsom st.
Painter, paper-hanger, slgnwriter, wants work;
tools fur. 1272 Folsom st.; phone Mint 131.
RELIABLE gentleman wishes position in
wholi?«ale house preparatory to beinjf travel-
Ing salesman; first-class references: 1O years'
experience in furniture line. Box 13SS, Call.
A GARDENER wishes position; thoroughly
competent In all branches of horticulture; S
years'in last position: first-class recommenda-
tion. Box 1246. Call office.
COACHMAN wants situation; is a good, care-
ful driver: Is sober and industrious; willing;
b»*st city and country references. Box 2Sea,
Call office.
YOUNG man, well educated and reliable, with
knowledge of bookkeeping and business ex-
perience, wants position; referencesi Bos
2(34. Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detailer. 18 years' experience mfaiag. sta-
tionary, marine, power plants, etc., wants
position cr work at home. Box 1163. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS. middle-*zed man want* situ-
ation as pcrter In hotel or institution; 3
years In last place; best references. R. K.,
bcx 1320, Call.
YOUNG couple without children desire two
housekeeping rooms within walking distanc*
of Call: state full particulars. Box 1309.
Call offlce^^
BOOKKEEPER, first clas*. desires an engajf*-
ment of 3 or 4 h<".urs dally; competent to opea.
olos" and systematize all classes ot accounts.
Box 1.125. Call.
ENGINEER wishes steady work runninz boil-
ers, engines and dynamos; good mechanic:
long experience; good references. 316 Lang-
tca St., city.
THOROUGHLY experienced blacksmith an!
horseihoer wants position. "Address box 2666.
Call office.
YOUNG man. experienced city cashier, desires
situation as same or as office clerk; good pea-
man. Box 2fc'B5, Call office.
WANTED — Position by a flr3t-cla«<» Chlnp**
ccok; boarding-house or family. L. J. M..
1113 Clay st.: tel. Black 3658.
A JAPANESE good boy wanta situation a*
schoolboy or houseworkT in family. SI., 7H
I'o?t st.; tel. Sutter 1731.
JAPANESE henest boy wants a position to do
half a day's work any place in city. Ad-
dress R. E., 415U Powell st.. city.
JAPANESE couple wants position : man is
good cook and wife for general houseworlc.
F. FUJII. K0 Stevenson St.
JAPANESE girl wants housework and cooklrg;
small family; city; wajres $3 to $6 a week;
speaks English well. Z21 Ellis «t.
JAPANESE girl wants p!ft?e as housework and
-plain cook; postal answered. T. M.. 633 Ste-
venson St.. city. • ;
JAPANESE boy wants position to do cooking
and housework. Y. T.. 931 Sacramento st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wishes a situation as a
schoolboy. Address •872 Sutter- »t. *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FillmoT».
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establi»hed at 1003
Valencia st. .
FLATS TO LET. "*".
AAA— HmJs^^ETrrTNG^E^AllTMETcT^^
All desirable vacant houses and flat3 are lift-
ed In our free renting departnsent : over 10<x>
in number; a combined list fron> all ajjeicies:
let us give you a list and help you. to find a
place; we never fail; service free.*.
STERLING FCRNITUBE- CO.,
• 10UT> MARJCET ST..
OPPOSITE MoALLISTKR.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: aa immense list;
service absolutely free: take aivantacs 6/
thi3 department: it win save ycu time anY
trouble. Cordes Fumitur* Co., 2-15-25!)
Geary »t.. on the square. '.- "J
$27 50.
NW. CORNER: choice sunny 6-room upper
fiat; corner Eighteenth and Hartford; near
Market and Castro. ' - ' ;
?27 50.
NOE. 10W> — Beautiful new fiat: sunny corner:
3 rooms ar.ci bath: all modern Improvements;
low r«r.t; convenient to Castro anJT iVenty-
fourth-?t. cars.
CASTRO. 421, near Seventeenth— Sunny bplt:*
latpst improved new pleasant sunny upr«"r
Hat. 11 rooms; convenient for two families;
f»i>- : ». ' *
LAGUNA. 423. cor. Fell — Sunny corner flat. <5.
rooms ami bath; all modern improvements;
f .12 30. ' •
?3*> FOR two fiats of 4 and 5 rocir.? «cr $17*
for on*; suitable for offices or hcrtsok?eplng.
C>11 Washington st. .
$1S — 6 ROOMS ami bath: h!?h basement;
sunny ail day: 22ti Thirtieth A. PATTER-
SON, Examiner building.
FOURTEENTH. 120B. cor. Shdtwell— Sunny
corner bay-window flat of 6 rooms and
bath; J2J 5O. .
FLAT to let; «'O Rausch st.. 5 rooms arj,
bath; hot ami cold water; stationary wash-
tubs; large cellar.
DEVISADERO. 72". cor. Ful tor* — Elegant sun-*
ny flat. 7 rooms ar.d bath: rent; reasonable.
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms; rent *l*-. ?1*
toma St.. near Ninth.
FILLMORE. 112! — 7-ro6m flat: modern: rooms
•II light; rent reasonable.
NEW «unny lower flat; 5 rooms; Dutch dining
room. 1053 Lyon st. ; owner cleans enjrance.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3073. cor. Treat-^itrT 0 ?
rooms, ba^h; large yard. Madi;on & Burjte.
$1S — FLAT of 4 rooms; no children. 2 Uartha
place, near Geary and Taylor sts.
LARGEST list of houses and fiats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG,' 11H Montgomery st. .
A WEEK'S news for ft centu — Th» W-»kty ."Tall.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the r»ceptlo-»
of advertisements and subscriptions hjfca be«a
opened at 1008 Market at., opposite Fifth.
Oren until 11 ti. -m
FLATS TO LET — FLUMSIIEU.
HAIGHT, 12U8, Bucna Vista, cor. CentraTTr*;
—Elrgatxtly furnished flats; aU unfurnishsd;
bouse has all conveniences and la situated 13
select neighborhood.
MODETtN furnished flat; can be rented at a
bargain for a short t«rm. Apply 773 Pine st.
FLATS FOR SAEE — FUUMSHKO*
FOR sale, cheap; lower flat 6 rooms completely
furnished; large yard, with chickens, pigeons
and garden: rent $11. For particulars call at
premises. 265V4 Clementina St., between 9
a. m. and 4 p. m. ; n» dealers.
FURNITURE 6-room flat for sale; rent $22 5:>;
sunny. Call 10O4^a Dolores St.. near 23d.
A BEAUTIFULLY furnished 7 roomed flat for
sale: desirable locality. Box 87ft, Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-VThe- Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FURXITURE FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN — On account of leaving for Seat-
tle on the 1st. furnished flat, tt rooms and
bath with piano. 1102 Fillmore. at., cor.
Golden Gate ave.
YOU can buy $75 worth ot furniture for $7 30
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant *
Furniture Co.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market,
furnishes everything for the house; low price*
FURNITURE of 8 rooms for sale. Box 852,
Call office.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought. »old, exchanged.
43O Valencia. nr.l6th.Tal.Chnrch 3379
FIIRXITURE WASTER
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1133 Market st. Tel. Jessie 7G1.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, of flea fur-*
Mture. »tc. until you get his estimate.
WANTED — To buy a folding bed In good con-
dition. Address box 102D. Call office.
CHAS. LEVY b CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpeU.etc. 7S2 Mission; teL Buaa 413.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
reader. 1200 Market st,. Gait House.
C. V. Miller'* seance to-night and Friday, 3
p. m., $1; leave on Saturday. 1084 Bush st.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, licensed medium; seance
for full forms Fri. eve.. 32S Ellis St.; 5Oc.
CL.AIIIVOYA.VTS.
FROM ALL "SECTIONS THEY COME TO' WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
•TIONS OK THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
He is no imitator. His work is upon original
lines: Pure thought, clear vision. He tells
you what you desire to know and works in the
open light.
He is as conspicuous for his wonderful occult
analysis as he is for his original expression
and vivid truthfulness. ¦
,A test reading is not a life reading; when
you call on Prof. Livingstone- he will give you
a full life reading for $1; a test is of little
value; when the mind is troubled ' you need
more substantial aid and advice; this Is Just
what Prof.. Livingstone gives you when you call
en him for- a first-class clairvoyant reading.
He asks you no questions, but tells you what
you wish to know.
Would it not be a relief to know how you
will succeed, to be relieved of the matters
that are troubling you, and of the echemes of
your enemies, that you may meet with txHter
success?
He does not mention all the Ills and misfor-
tunes you are heir to; you are acquainted with
the facts in your case; let Prof. Livingstone
analyze the matters that are troubling you,
find the cause of the trouble and -suggest the
remedy.
His only reason for giving your name In full
or any important information -you may desire
is that he does this incidentally as a chain to
PERMANENTLY LOCATED 42S EDDY ST.:
3 SEPARATE RECEPTION PARLORS; LADY
ATTENDANTS. HOURS. 10 A. M. to 8 P. M.
ASSURED Success for You.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 51 *1 II *1 ?1 *1 **
No charge— Xo charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first rezlstered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to b» full Judge.) i
1 do hereby solemnly, agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fall to tall your name,
occupation and what you calWd for; I tell
you if husband, wife or lover is true or false,
whom and when you will marry, how to sain
the love of the one you desire: in fact, I will
tell you every hope, tear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; his advice Is re-,
liable, his powers are wonderful and indis-
putable; he improves your character so that
you will reach the highest possible develop-
ment in mental and bodily ¦• vigor, health,
happiness and caoacity to earn wealth: thr
controlling power Implanted in your nature,
so you can control any one secretly: gives
advice on mining and burled treasure; gives
you success in life; he guarantees you suc-
cess or charge* nothing for hia services. 10
a. m. to 8 p. m.; closed Sunday.
; ;'.'; 326 OTarrell street— 3^6. ' '¦¦: •: ' }l:_
MME. M. DERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the J
present happenings and portrays events to !
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
- suit this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 45C0.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 3.in Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
¦ tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special, $1; hours 10 to S.
I&MAR, Egyptian neeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10.
a. m. to r. p. in.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 10 8. Phone, South 1141.
Mrs. A. II. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fall try me; good readings
25c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G.ave. Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— Mme.. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. , 835 Howard.bet.4th&5th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. 23>4
Sixth sC; ladies 23c; gents 60c
MRS. -SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings daily. 444>£ Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. ODELL returned ; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. ' Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant/ gives names, date*
and facts: readings dally. 017 Market *t.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellt* at. J
*-*•-* A LONG FELT WANT 15 SHORTLY SUPPLIED
,,{»-• ¦ ' - ~ _¦!___ —_^——— ——¦——».
(¦* ]|"S <t . -/f^^ & A_ ® J&® r^ st_ < \sy
...A Most Useful Household Utensil...
; j
..Will Be Given to Want Advertisers..
_ in : —
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
. ¦¦"¦ >v>
The Scientific Broiler is the latest and most improved article on the market for
toasting bread or broiling oysters or clams, steaks, etc. It is especially adapted for
gas ranges, as the lower screen holds the flame and compels the heat to be evenly dis-
tributed. Toaster can be used on gas, oil or coal stoves by simply turning it over;
coarse mesh, as indicated in above cut, to be used for coal stoves and the finer mesh
for gas or oil. .
This article, is strong and simple in arrangement and can be easily cleaned.
Premiums presented Thursday, Friday and Saturday to classified Advertisers in
next Sunday's Edition.
Want Advertisers only are entitled to gifts.
Premiums can be obtained by presentinc advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco Call, corner Mayket and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every nifht in the year. v
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until II p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
S39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkln street; open until 'J:30 p. m.
±1041 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
S261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open, until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. . .
I Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until \9 p. m. j
Northwest corner TTrenty-Heeoml and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 3 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
10I« Broadway ...Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
S148 Center Street Telephone Xorta 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store ¦. Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1904.
13
ROOMS TO LET— Far-, and Unfar-.
BURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 1364)— Kur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1708— NIc* quiet furnished rooms, suit-
able for 2 gentlemen; baths; $10; cheap.
CALIFORNIA/ 2304. nr. Webster— Two nicely
furnished sunny rooms; gas; bath; rent $3-
__$_* '
CLAY. 1437 — Two or three nicely furnish**
, rooms, all connected, en suite or singly, with
running water and bath.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 110 (The Launston)— Central : best reg-
ular and transient In city; lowest rates.
EDDY, 1706 — Sunny front rooms, completely ,
furnished; bath, laundry, yard; no children.
ELEVENTH, 21— Elegant rooms, single or en
suite; furnished cr unfurnished; references.
ELLIS. 1274 — Sunny front parlor. $13; sunny
front room. $8: modern flat; gentlemen.
FILLMORE. 1007, cor. McAllister— Nicely fur-
nished corner room, suitable for 2 centle-
mer. ; bath; modern. -
FILLMORE. 2CO9V4— 2. 3 or 4 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; terms reasonable.
Apply 1 FUlmore place.
FRANKLIN, 108— Nicely furnished sunny front?
rooms to rent: reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721. near. G. G. ave.— Sunny fur-
< nlshed front room; all conveniences; for 2.112.
GEARY. CC4 — Nrwly furnished rooms; electrio
light, bath, gas, phone; reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms S3o
to $1 23 night; $1 60 to $S wk. ; readlng-r— i .
GRENOBLE. «03 Bush. cor. Stockton— Elegant-
ly furn. sunny rms.: singl* $S up; suite*
$14 up.
HOTEL DUFF-BIN. 749 E1U»— Elegantly fur-
nished suites and single rooms.
JESSIE. 363_ east U. S. Mint — Furnished
rooms; $5 and $0 per month.
JONES 207 (Van Winkle) — Furnished sunny
I— is.;' suite or single; gents preferred; $3 up.
JONES. 515B — A sunny front suite $U; and
other" sunny rooms and bath; reasonable.
LARKIN. 10_— Front sunny room; single; us*
of bath.
LEAVENWORTH. 223 — Rooms $2 and $3 week;
also housekeeping.
MARKET. 1049A.Tbe Falmouth— Sanny room*;
hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
MASON. 823— Suite and single room; inodera
conveniences.
O'FARRELL. 563 — Two Urge sunny rooms:
rent reasonable.
POST. 689. near Hyde — Large furnished front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
POST. 10C2— Elegant suite, also single room, la
an up-to-date flat; for gentlemen rvho seek a
refined home; reference* exchanged.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis— Incandescent light*,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $3
to $8; month. $8 to S3O; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SECOND, 140 — Neatly furnished rooms by the
day, week or month: rates reasonable.
SIXTH, 240H — Furnished rooms, day, week or'
month: location central and reasonable.
SUTTER. 361 (Larchmont) — $3 to $« per week;
modern; hot and cold water; baths free.
SUTTER. 11C5 — Large front furnished bay-
window room; running water; 2 closets; con-
venience*; light housekeeping if desired; $1-.
THE 6T. KATHRYN.
N E. COR LEAVENWORTH AND
' ELLIS— SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOMS IN THE CITY; BATHd; HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERY
ROOM; ELEVATOR SERVICE; MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES: FROM $3
PFR WEEK.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market St.— Offices en
the first floor to let; furnished rooms in suit*
or single, by the day, week or month; tran-
sient solicited.
THE VIRGINIA. 1005 Powell— Nicely furnished
apartments; bay window; gas range; bath;
always sunny; also single; reasonable.
"THE CRESCENT," 216 Powell — Sunny furn-
ished rooms from $1 75 per week up.
TURK, 823 — Unfurnished sunny room: running
water; closet! sunny back parlor; furn.; $3.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — M»
looms. 55c to $1 night. $1 73 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
roam: elevator, read. -room; free bus: baggage.
WALLER. 1717 — Bright, cheerful rooms in pri-
vate family; naif block from Golden Gats
Park.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. n*ar Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
35c to $1 50 nizht; $2 to $9 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; freebus; baggage.
WOLF Hrus*. 202 Sixth St.— Rooms from 15a
to $1 per night and from 90c to $5 per w»eH
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch -office, cor. Duncan sV Church sts.
A~BRANCH offlce of Vhe Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 10C3 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. _ _
ROOMS A ~~> B0A~J>.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL, BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQlytPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
13 READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
1015 VAN NESS. COR. GEART.
APPLY TO MRS. E. WIN DELE. MANAGES.
EDDY. 913— Most select central location la
re odern elegantly furnished private house;
home cooking unsurpassed: board optional.
HARBISON. 500— Good table board; horn*
cooking: woman cook: cheap and clean.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Gra— » Church, annex
807 California. — Se» roomsjearnprices-.trytabl*
CALIFORNIA. 1526— Large room, suitable for
2; single front room: board optional. ":.' : '
GOLDEX GATE ave.. 1046 — Sunny furnistied
rooms, bath, tel., good board; reasonable.
GOUGH. 1120. near O'FatTell — Sunny rooms;
home cooking; gentlemen; $20; 2 meals Jl*.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board and room,
single or double. $5-$3 wk.: American family.
EDDY. 112S. opp. Jefferson Pk. — Nicely fur.
runny rooms; table board; reas.: new msai't.
ELI. IS. 1174 — Parlor suite; also double and sin-
gle rms.; mod.; sunny; excellent board; reas.
FOLSOM, 2873— Elegantly furn. rooms with
board for ccuple. $10 wk.; single boarders.
FULTON, 1334 — Sunny rooms with board In
private home; Park drive; phone Paga 5069.
GEARY. 801, Hotel L* Aiglon — Family rooms
and board; entirely renovated; reas. prices.
PACIFIC ave.. 1718, abo— e Van Ness— Larg*
sunny rooms; us* cf parlor: excellent board.
PINE. 1008 — Nicely furnished suits, single rms.:
excellent table; private; phone Polk 3001.
POWELL, 502. corner Sutter — Frcnt room for
2; also single rooms: without board: reis.
TURK. 1300— Front sunny rms. good home cock-
Ing, $4.75, $5 wk. ; rma. without brd. $1.50 up.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Single rooms and suits;
homelike.
WASHINGTON. 1021. near Mason— Rooms with
or without board; $1S to $20 month.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call.
IK pag»» In wrapper, for • la'ltnr. ti v+r —»«»
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE fellow ins children have been admitted by
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children: Wllda Cuptlll. age 4*» years,
abandoned: Dorothy WUburn. age 14 months,
orphan.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR3
positively cured: new methods: 1 week's treat-
reent free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter st.
~yjb; j-wamas .:*-~°.^Vjy;^~?Pi— _
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Fremier. $23: other typewrite— at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Th«
ryp^wrtting Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: g»t par-
ticulars of L - M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
go— »ry tt __________
2D HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
WebiKer Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 5CS Market.
Y-AYI.
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment;
booklet mailed tree; correspondence Invited.
VIA VI CO.. 23C4 Van Nfsa ave.
Continued on Pace Fourteen. _
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS Ton.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickertng baby grand;
8honlnger, little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
¦ money to loan.
aXa^herman^" murphy?
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
1 Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money *
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest. . .
Give full particulars . •
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
? call and get terms.' Drake, 453, Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
1 846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins |
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
; LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned *to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
- principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
• st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, Jew.
- elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
CONFIDENTIAL loans to salaried people; dia-
monds, other securities. Room 336. Phelan
building. Sth floor. ' .
1 PSR cent'on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
' quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery St.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'8. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. , S.
F. Discpunt Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
3^4 ON* furniture & planes; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings- Bank building, 708 Market st.
1V> PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorse r. MORELL. »W>1> Examiner building.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
POWELL, 143. near corner O'Farrell— Splendid
officts to let; also ground floor; best location.
PERSONALS.
STENZIE — The most wonderful and effective
dermatological preparation ever placed before
the .public; will positively remove by the
roots any growth of superfluous hair that can
be presented; will not Injure the most del-
icate t-kin. Sold and applied at
STENZIE PARLORS, 32t> ELLIS ST.
' Goldstein & Cohn'e. 822 Market st.
And at Marvin's Hair Store, Oakland. Cal.
A FUIT or overcoat, including one extra pants
free,, made to order for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready made If you can get bar-
gains like this? Agent wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Market st. bet. 7th and Sth.
DR. ItOWF.LL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, pHralysia,, neuralgia, pneumonia,
¦*o— «- throat, -etc. - Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL _ BROWN. 32 Turk St., S. F.
THE Ftar'Halr Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves its growth.etops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itchlnp scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists'. hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
.."VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varicocele,
etc.; eat-lly wort: $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary, S.F.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post «st.. near Powell.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mr».Dr.A.W.Travers,1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; drrss pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 10th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3C9 Sut-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 36.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH offlce iof The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PALMISTRY.
A— MME.LYMAN, scientific palmi6t. recently
from East. 510 Eddy St.; phone Polk 4811.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAT-STTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hcbart bldg., 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases ¦ a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st.
REMOVED— DR^ " WONG HIM. herb doctor.
treatF. all diseases of the human body; for
pan four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 067 Geary st., rear Leavenworth.
DR. TOKO PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO, the-famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74B-S Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 31ft PowelLst.; t*a and herb
: sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated. • '
SEWING" MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
BUY THE BEST— RENT THE BEST.
• You make no mistake .when you buy or rent
a White; you get the beat sewing machine
value on earth: we are ottering Viry special
, bargains In a lot. of new Whites, slightly
shop -worn; they go while they last at one-
half and one-third regular price City offices
—300 Post St.. 1S41 Flllmcre st. and 703 Va-
lencia st.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
1» cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
NEW HOME— See our' n#w tr(ple-feea ma-
chines: slightly used: $10/ $15. $20; second-
hand. $.">.- $3, $8: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sf-wlng Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A — GILBERT _ STOLL Storage Co.; storage!
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
Nese: offlce 1170 Market, r. 43; tel.' South 750.
' A— EMPORIUM Storage ¦_ Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
¦ — — — ____
CAPITAL Van and Storage -Co., 3 Eddy st. ;
phone Mint 2041. .JOHN F. COOPER, pres.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage* Moving Co. of-
fice Post .p.nd Powell Sts. : tel.' Prl. .Ex. '671.
CQNKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dis:. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126-
GOLDEN West Storage f advances made. 840
Mission st.: tel. Howard 941 t F.W.Zehfuse.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKlNS.Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
- 6t... tel. .Main 1510. .Shipping at cut rates. . ,
REAL ESTATE—CITY — FOB SALES.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Our new offlce at Oceanslde attracts attention.
But nothing like our new lots.
Everybody wants them; select one quick.
$500 to $1200-^-easy terms.
On car line and fronting park; unobstructed
view of ocean; all graded, ready to build on.
"Oceanslde" Branch Offlce corner 47th ave.
and H st. Open Sundays and holMays. r i^;'iv;
$75 to $250 — Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
', J250 to $1000— Choicest Richmond lots; In-
stallments.
$150 to $450— Level Excelsior Homestead lots.
$950 to $5000— Modern cottages in Sunset,
Richmond,, Oceaneide and Excelsior Home-
stead; easy terms.
Sunset Branch Offlce on NlntH'ave., near H st.
SOL GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers,
¦ Room 54, Fourth Floor, Chronicle Building.
" CHEAPEST BUILDING LOTS'
NORTH OF THE PARK,
Only $905 each.
' ¦ In easy Installments.
First payment $50, and $25 per month.
, On 11th ave., near Point Lobos ave., 25x120.
Lots graded, street graded, macadamized
and sewered; gas, water and electricity ready
to turn on; fine marine view; elevated and
• sightly; California Title Insurance Company
has insured the title: this is the last chance
¦ ever to get such cheap lots and on such easy
i terms; bank will lend $tt50 on each lot.
• . W. J. GUNN.
S30 California st.
(Savings Union building.)
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market st.
Nice new 5-room cottage; bath base-
ment: near 24th and Castro sts. : 2
car lines; 2 flats, store and 4 rooms;
upper 5 rooms; stable; lot 25x114 $3600
Corner 2 flats, 5-6 rooms: lot :>x91 $3700
Cottage of 5 rooms, bath, basement. .$2600
Cottage. 6 rooms, bath, basement: Post st.
3 modern flats, 0 rooms each; McAl-
llster st $9000
$1 25 PER week: no Interest; lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
en; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., room 5.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan hid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
efch $1000 of balance due, making your in-
stallments leas than rent; send for circular.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of bulld-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank,
107-S Crocker building
FOR sale — Near Cortland ave.: new cottage.
5 rooms and bath; easy terms. 333 Eddy st.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
PO1XT RICHMOND REAL KSTATB.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege, on Santa Fe
and electric roads; land $300 per acre; lots
R0x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings, $400 per acre: monthly payments;
send for maps. etc. HAIGHT. 401 Cal.st..9.F.
FOUR choice lots for sale; cheap for cash.
Apply 328 Bush at., third floor, room 4.
REAL ESTATE — Conntry — For Sale.
WHITE & BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$12,600— Splendid stock ranch and general
farm 2000 acres; 4 miles from Courthouse,
Mendoclno County; 200 acrea tillable: 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied with
water and an abundance of live oak timber;
there are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
fSOOO — Only 3^~ miles of Geyservllle. the Gem
of Sonoma County; 34 mile good school; rural
mall delivery; CO acres; 30 acres rich bottom
land; 2 acres orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing; 0 acres alfalfa; well fenced and cross
fenced; 5-room house, 2 good barns, nice
spring; have other bargains In this superb sec-
tion. ?
$2500 — 15 acres level land. 7 miles of San
Jose; all In vineyard; house.
$2000 — 40-acre dairy and poultry ranch, 1
mile of town; hill land; 3 houses; barn; corral;
poultry houses, 2 Incubators; 2 brooders; farm-
ing tools; fenced; 4 cows; 2 horses; 225 chick-
ens; fine market.
S'iCO — One minute's walk of church and
school. 4 miles of town; 1H acres: nice 4-room
house; large barn; poultry houses; rich garden
land with easterly slope; on main sprinkled
road; rural delivery; Ideal poultry farm.
$3200— In city limits of Petaluma; ?M acres;
neat cottage; barn; 6 poultry houses; 2 brood-
ers; 1 Incubator; 2 wagons; harness; horse;
Jersey cow; 450 chickens; all In bearing fruit;
see photos of select Petaluma homes at thl*
offlce.
$3000 — 3 miles of Santa Rosa; 200 acres; 20
acres tillable soil; 500 cords of wood; house;
barn; running water; 10 head of cattle: 25 bead
of hogp; other bargains In this superb section.
$600— Only 1 mile of town; 80 acres; house,
trees, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom land;
placer ami quartz gold; 2 garden patches, out-
side range, tools, furniture; forced sale.
$4000 — Near Merced City, on main road; 40
acres rich land: 6 acres bearing olives. 10
acres alfalfa; 5 V4 acres bearing orchard; 2
wells; all under ditch; fine cottage, 5 rooms;
steel windmill and tank; good barn; toolhouse;
granary; poultry houses; incubator houses; nice
Income; cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided In
small tracts at $ti5 per acre; one-third of crop
with place. *
Adjoining the town of Lodl. both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under ditch:
$125 to $165 per acre.
$50 per acre: lu acres up; under ditch; 4V4
miles from Lodi, on main county road; also
lanu on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 an
acre.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have several parties with good Income
property to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodging-houses: many cash buyers: list your
pr.-perty.
$2500—60 acres; & miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres und?r cultivation, balance rolling and
eoine steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
Ing; good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $500 down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
$5000— Best ranch In Southern Oregon; 320
acres; 2 sets good Improvements: well fenced;
orchard; fi horses; farming tools; outside range.
$»50u— SO aores close to Morgan Hill, Santa
Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vlneyaid, 10 acres hill pasture; nice hard
finished cottage of 5 rooms; outbuildings: fine
income; would trade for lncom» city property.
$350— Only C miles from Courthouse; SO
acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
pait cash; near Red Bluff.
$17,000 — Finest ranch In San Joaquin County,
between ftockton and Lodl; water near sur-
face; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals:
450 acres rich land, 1 mile of Calaveras River,
on main road; mortgage $1)000; would trade for
flr^t-class property near city.
Country hotel, live town; Alameda County:
lot 80x200; fine trade: 14 large rooms; house
for help; larse stable; outbuildings; opposite
ntw station; $3500.
$2250 — 10 acres, all In apricots Just com-
mercing to- bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
home: uaff cosh. • .
$1700— In Sonoma. City; 3% acres; all level:
good house, barn, windmill, tankhou.se: 13 poul-
try houses and yards: some alfalfa; spring
wagon; 600 chickens: feedhouse.
$:>5(J<) — 130 acres east of San Jose; 123 acres
. In hay; good soil.
I Send stamp for printed list.
I WHITE * BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE,
20 Montgomery St., Room S.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
160 ACRES U. S. patented land at Wawona
summer resort, Mariposa County; price $20
per acre; some improvements: abundance of
wood and water; a fine hotel site. Inquire
of A. B. VAN CAMPEN, -Mariposa, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market st. : ¦ ¦
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE."
W. E. RUDELL. REAL ESTATE.
Cor. Fruitvale ave. and Washington St..
FRUITVALE. CAL.
Offlce hours — 8 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays
included.
$875 — On terms;' house of 2 nice rooms; city
water and se.wers; 16 bearing fruit trees and
chicken houses; all fenced; lot 70x110; near
car line; 7 minutes' walk from Fruitvale' sta-
tion.' . -
$S30— House of 5 rooms; good well; lot 60s
80: 1 block from schoolbouse; close to post-
office and grocery store; Alleudale.'
1 $1600 — One acre and a quarter, with house
of 5 rooms; located .. In center , of Fruitvale;
about 150 large shade trees; terms; $500 cash;
balance to suit purchaser.
'';:' "W. E. RUDELL,
• Cor. Fruitvale ave.' and Washington st. '
¦ • ' " One block from station, '
FRUITVALE. CAL.
Office open Sundays, . 8 a. m. to B p. m.' -
| LOST AXD FOUND.
I =-= :
j FOUND — The nest three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
one-third the regular prices; under contract
and must sell: jj store*. 311 Sutter and 1204
Sutter. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
LOST — Monday.' lady's gold wateh: between
Fruitvale station, Oakland and McAllister
and Fillmnre St.*. , Pan Francisco: reward.
Box 170. Fruitvale, Cal.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of Mary Casey, No. 16-375. The finder ,
¦will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of HARRIET W. ARMSTRONG, No.
76-454. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pyramid Shrine pin at Grand Op?ra-
I houfo or Third St.; .suitable reward to finder.
1 Address MRS. H. WINKLE, Mill Valley, Cal.
J LOST— Purre. $10 gold, gold locket, chain; Ini-
tials E. C. T. 249 5th st. and receive reward.
LOST — Dachshund bitch. Please return to JOE'
BERGMAN. 3C9 Turk st., receive reward.
LOST — In the Mission, scroll breastpin with 5
small diamonds; liberal reward. 218 Guerrero
PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
procets); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BKOS.. 143234 Howard St.; phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult rn«; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fete. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders: call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8. • ...
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; ir.stant. relief
guaranteed; 'M years' experience. S2G Post st.
J MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOCSJa Market St., opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— AIl~who are sTcJTot
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce 101S Market st. .' - '/¦
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, above Van Ness — Ex-
perts In obstetrics, female complaints;. Inst.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yrs. ex.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises. Is perm anently located at 511 A
Leavenworth St., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER, 210 Kearny st.
! LADIES — Kumround: safe, cure, never fails;
$2. Gleason-Rug-sles Drug Co., Kearny _ Clay.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom st., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
3IACHIXERY — Qoa_ht, Sold and Ex.
FOR sale — 1 cut-off saw, 1 scroll saw, 5-inch
dicker, ZO-H.f P.- engine. 30-H. P. boiler.
F. A. GEIER, 20C5 Market St.
MIXES AXD MIXING
20,000 SHARES Tonopah stock; big values;
non-asyessable. Particulars, box 2652. Call.
MlSCELIiAAEOUS— FOH SALES.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TCSH & WOLPMAN, 195-1U7 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? i
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over ..old
Iron tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulle>-6. shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented ar.d exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale at.
A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny st.,
near Uu.-h; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
GENTS' full drees. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
tults to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
" Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
Fmall weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors.
. moved frcm Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St..
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 KeaTny St., near
Ptne; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
FIREWOOD cut to length: large load $2. de-
Kvered. E. C. PITCHER _ CO., Sixth and
Hooper sts.; tel. S 375.
TRY our men's 6hoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 Cd st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FINE family cow, $40: leaving city; must be
sold. 201 Chattanooga st.
HACK in good order; cheap. 862 Howard st.
$35 — FRESH Jersey-Holsteln cow; younp, very
gentle; rich' milk. 1190 H7th St., Oakland.
EVERLASTING signs, letters, numbers; only
makers in State. BAKER'S, 21 Spear st.
PIGEONS— Homers, runts, all leading varieties;
stamp for catalogue. C. Wilson, 229 Stevenson.
FOR sale — 30-ton gasoline eloop. H. SULLI-
VAN", 28 Ritch St., 8. F.
SAFES and desks: new and eecond-hand: pric^a
right at Richardson Bros'., 1816 Market st.
BEST white lead 7c p«r pound; to painters
less. BUTCHER, 741 Mission st.
AWNINGS, tents.new.sectond-hand. SUN TENT
& AWNING CO.. 42 Sp«ar st. ; tel. John 6486.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT _ AWNLNG CO.. 35 Mkt.Tel.Bush 858.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vols. KING'S. 61 McAllister St.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Baci-
galupl. moved to 766 Mission st.
ROUND camping t»nts for sale; cheap: some
new; 16x16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on- second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER _ CO., 110 Montg-y.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p., cheap. E. B. BECK & CO., 122 Mkt
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
*bargain3. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
• SAFES— New'and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. ...
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MUlCELLAXEOt'S WAXTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dre»s suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton tt.
A— MORRIS gives highest prices for ladies' and
gents' castoff clothing; postal. 943 Folsom .
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. TeL
Davis S25; t50 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good eecond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth s*. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 872 Mission; phono Bush 467.
ALL uprights, some real bargains — New Ma-
ton _ Hamlln, $285; new Behr Bros., $187;
two used Stelnways, tnuill and large, $h:i,
$325; two used Heine, small and large JliiT.,
$3C0; one Knabe, $160; one Fischer," $115;
four Emerson, from $95 to $125; one Crown,
$140; one Klmball, $65; one Occidental, small,
$40: one -Conrad, medium. $97;- one Arion,
$137. All makes in squares, from $10 to $.'<>.
'Terms and prlet-a reduced for the summer
only. Rents and installments on used,
pianos, $2 up; Installments on new pianos,
$5 up. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary
Et. Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
HEADQUARTERS for renting planoa. both
¦ new and eecond-hand, from $2 50 per month
upward. We have at this tfme some splendid
bargains for piano purchasers. Oive us a '
call. We can assure you prompt, courteous
and liberal treatment. .SCOTT-CURTAZ
_PIANO CO.._560-«;2-64 Hayes ut.
A FEW good uprights, returned from rent,
' comprising such makes as Chlckering. - Vose,
Ptelnway, Steck. Sterling, Curtaz, Neuman.
Erard, Halnes and many others: prices rea-
sonable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ _ SON, 16 O'Farrell st :'*
AT firewood prices; unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Whltehead's storage,103U Mkt.
$60 FOR a flnc upright. If you want' a bargain
call at HORNUNO'S.; 210 McAllister, st.-
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $85
STATHAM, UO.McAUlster.st. . . ,;.. .
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
WANTED— Flrct-c_5s cock, no wash. $.".o;
German " urtfiairs girl, $25; chambermaid.
f2W; parlormaid and waitress. $25; second
•firl. $_}; waitress, country hotel. $2o: res-
taurant waitress. fi> a week: Irtrl general
• housework, Alamfrta. ?T.0; 0 waitresses, re-
¦furts, J23; 14 girls for housework In nice
country rlaers at J-_i ar.d $30; 4 cooks, Ger-
man ftyle. ?30; North Gorman nurse. $2.">:
German rirl to care for child 7 years old,
$2.'.. J. y. CItOSETT & CO., 334 S'Jtter ft.
A WAITRESS for a private family, $35; 2
younjr. ftronit rcoond Kitis, $20 each; 2
boardinp-hoase fc—tt HSt» -f of city, $25 each;
a second girl for Los Oatos. $25. see lady
her*; a second girl for Santa Clara, $25, see
la(!y her> :¦; Cf* e r >od housework girls, $25 and
$20. MISS PLUNKETT. 4'_> Sutter st.. near
Powell.
A — WANTED — Girls t» learn halrdresslng.
manlojjrinp. eiq,; trs<5? taught from A to Z
In .2 wr.ckr; tuirion $5 to those entering now;
3 ;os;tior.s <t« fiM immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up: leading
¦ ¦dtool.m Wr«st. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — GJP.LS to '.earn millinery now for fall sea-
•or. bo* seasons taught from start to finish
In 1; njfr.th for $!.'.; potiUon as trimmer*.
s_leslai!iee. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk.up;
evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
Hairfresslng. m_nicurirg. massage, scalp treat-
tr»er.t, hair work, removal superfluous _air: $5 2
wfcs.: day eve. class: positions secured, highest
»'at>«. IU'moved from 123C Mkt. to 133 Powell.
NEAT young woman for general housework;
must be cood'jilain cook; $25; call 10-12. 2-4.
.. 3VTS Nineteenth «.. block from Castro or
Eighteenth st. cars.
YOT'NG* lady _g housekeeper for small private
faml!.y; member of Methodist society and
musician preferred. Box 1263. Call.
: WAN" ED — Girl for general housework: short
Clstan-J» In country. Call 2005 Sutter St.
YOUNG lady for- show; experience not neces-
gary: answer at once. Box 12S1. Call.
GIRL ijr general housework and cooking; $25.
i*H2 Grand'st.. Alameda.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
_j£hute«. fi p.m.. Wednesday: salary no object.
TEN first-class lady barbers; new shop; good
wages ru^ranteed. 806 Mutual Back bldg.
A PROFITABLE outlr.g: pick hops In August.
Write E. Clemcss Horn. 122 lottery st..S F.
ADVERTISEMENTS. tubscriptl6ns'r*ceived at
Call breach office, cor. Duncan and Church st*.
A ERAjvCH offlce of The Call for th« reception
of adve^ti?em<' it* and subscriptions has be»Q
opened at 10TS Market et.. opposite Flfli
f'P«r. uAll 11 p. m. -17;
i;i.:li" \vaat_d — male.
MURRIY & Ri:ADY. * sT"
. «>34 _^< 636 Clay et.
__. Phone Main BS4S.
i»«*ii:ng Emrloyment and Labor Agents.
WE SPCAK
•Oermap. t . French, . Italian
f-eaRdinavfan, • Greek, Spanish
fc"!«vvaian, Danish Languages.
c He has arrived. Now at our office. '
JiM "tentative of _/ S. 'Government.
Wor!- txir.g dene close to Wadswoxth ¦
IN STATE OF NEVADA.
t ree fare to one. to all. to you
O*t.-csly $1 .office fee. •
Mucke». $75.
Teamsters, $75.
Labours, $75.
Drillers. %•*)¦
'Concrete mixers. $75. •
Blacksmiths' hdiiers. *40 found.
Cooks and waiters, $3<>-$25.
'¦¦ « "all early. -Bee representative at our office.
¦First-class food an4 accommodations; steady
. 'Job t
• Crowds going* dally. Are you?
. f • z__
• .. '' __ KANTA fE R. TL
Is Good to Us. W> Are Good to You.
. - 1059 Mile*. FLORENCE. ' $10 50.
• • ' ' ARIZONA.
Via Prescott. . -S'-P. -M Daily '
•• DrMlers $3jo$3.%0 - CENTER
. , Team f tere. $2 to $2 W) " OF
• . Laborer*; $2. to' $2 50. GREAT MINES'
¦XKt'x 'Be stingy. With your distance get
ciow'r: .
• '* * - •• TO LOS ANGELES.
•''I-- TKe '-laid of sunshine, fruit and flowers,
-.wtjere— lan can wr.rk every day at big wages. .
• • ' M3 t EAM^TERS.
'• •. . tdO MONTH- FOR YOU,
.-! THESE. CAME AT MIDNIGHT. • "
•¦. BY PHONE. TELEGRAPH.
. «KECIf*L' MAIL DELIVERY.
. Book1iM:i*r and ttoreift-ep^r £cr a. jrold quarts
mine..*'te .boSfe at our office, $2 75 day
. ". . ' BUTCHERS.
Butcher, sh<ir> work, fare 3Oc, pood place,-
$40 •ktid found.
Butcfcer. fiiop work, iare $1. ea*y and good,
$35 ,11 found. " '
Buicher. young man. ehep and wagon, fare
70c; $30 and'fGund. •
Butcher, slaughter work • ranch, fare $1 25
f ' *50- and found." "* .
Bvtchcr. ttop, fare |3. $40. and found.
OOOKS.
' Chef rook, springs hotel boss her* $30 fJJ :
Took. 3 in family, ranrti. fare $1. $30 and fd.
. TcftGlrc, bfiarding hotels. $40 and $55 and fd'.
T_iial<- maker. <cou7y.'ry Job,' $*) and ffl.
«'ook> hflrwr for h mln* : $.10 -and foun<i.
4 :.-* :-.• '•. pot wash*-—; C£5 and '$30 end fd.
fcaloon portrr, city h»*tt-l. $25 and found.
WAITERS.
• Bart?j)der. flss;st waiting, fare 30c. to fd.
Walier, awist pantry» hdtel. fare $1 25, $30
•nd found- • .-."
• . Waiter, plain hotel, fare T5c. $30 and fd.
Waster, for resort. Monterey Ccunty. $30 fd.
— "alter, ppftrgs betel. $25 and 'found -
; Wait— ./norths— i hotfl. brws here. $30 found.
— 'alter. • hotel, rtftc fare. '$.T0 and found.
Waiter. &Oc fare, $3rt and f»und.
• Walter. $1 7* fare. «$« wrf»k and found.
3 »-ait"F.^rity hotels, ?an Francisco. $30 fd.
Betaiaker. country hotel.* $22 50 and found.
5 PORTERS AVT» BELLBOYS.
,,o- c LAUNDRY HELP.'
Fo— man, laundry— a.n, fare %l, $16 to $18
— eclc. o
I_un<5— — nan. springs hotel, $35 to $40 and fd.
Polisher. Irocer. mangle han<ti washer; coun-
• try Jobs; $10. $12 arid"$l*a week, • '
. .CLERKS. _TC.
Ir^crea— i eoda fountain roan, $15 week.
2 taen bottle beer and label bottles,- coun--
try. $60.
Man for *#eoTui-hand furaitur* store, $60 to.
*ir*> .
fCaah:«r restaurant, check eystem. $40 fd. '
BAKERIES.
Bek*r'» helper. cit>% _$30 found. ¦
Br»y. Iwlr. In city bak'fry. -wash pan?.' $25 fd.
Third bak*T, far* 40r, this is »rood. $30 fd.
Driver, city bakery -wagon. S35. found.
MECHANICAL.
c Blackrmith. MendociSo County; $3 day.
Blacksmith. Northern •CalSforn la. ?3 day..
Bla/-k_ni'h. Xajin County. $45 to $50 found.
2 cMacksmlfh nelpers. $40 founi
resting chipr»T. country Job. $2 is day. .
Hon teshpw «nd blacksmith, fan» 75;, $3 day.
c Plumber, far* 10C. $4 day. '.
4 <j»laft^r»-r8. $4 day: country etlcker hand, ¦
$4; piart*— r, Marln County. $4.
.CARPENTERS.
- 2 earp*nt»n «. fare $1 f>0, $3 '50 day.
Oirpenter, c plain week, city factory. $2 50
5 rough carpenters or handy men. few tools,
bujl* bamfc, rheds. etc.. far* $2 50. $75.
" <~£»p*riter. and bulM stairs . $4 day.
. — Tie#lwrl(?r!t, carriage m-orks. $3 day. * -• ¦'
4 cat— *rter» for a ranch, fere $1. $40 found.
Carpenter, fan? »**-. %4 day.
G C LUMBER, ETC.
12 coope— . slack —irk. *t»aay, 10c barrel.
• fl sash and £-¦*»•„ hands, $3 -V) day.
Fhin*rle saw tiler. K^jomaOj.. $.1 day.
2 Jtrrcber grad<— ». boss here. $1>0.
. Fti^ker band, city Job. $3 50 to $4 day.
Lumber grader, boss be— ». $3 day.
Tallyman, lumber o.. $-10 and found.
Boss — -oodsman. north. bo?E her*. $30 found.
Oar.* edgerman, lumber ro.. $75.
Tlrlcksettfr. country Job. $2 50 day.
Head donkeyman. $60 ani found.
\j*%wr who urd»— < tands rirginir. $«> found.
XjQtTtr. I>olbeer drnkey. $75 and found.
5 men. nake staJc<«« ar.d Fpllt etavoe, red-
— oo/i. tvo»« he-re, $50 ar.d found.
¦ 2 «c—?w turners. c
'¦ Ox teamster. $50 found; 2 carrtare s*<t*— «.
Hook tmder; r> shingle packer*: rtVker Ntnd.
23 lsr>or*>r*. lumber co.. you'll —ait.
Cutoff sawyer. $2: molder. J
1 r.5 Woofl^oppe— . I
IKS Tie end Pick* Mi';vi.
. Tools arWl r>— w!*!er:» all fourvi: rood prtoes.
MIFCELLA~EOTP JOBS.
I/pfct wagon tr>a— ister. city Job, $2 day.
Man run separator. 12 cox—, bess hwt, $23
' found.
2 bore, d^tivir rlrrulars, c!ty. W — oek.
NIrht staMeman. ptae» co— ipanr.
Lcb^rer. do little butchering, mine. $32 50
found.
FA RMS— DA I mnS— STABLES.
12 rnllk~«. ~«-*33 fonr.4.
12 f«rmhsnds. *3f> found.
J4 chn— >— en and boys, S30 to *15 found.
12 etabT*m^T>. S3rt fmmfl. *fln.f75. »
LA BOR ETtS— TEA MFTERS.
22 laborer b and t— i— iKt<»rs, $2 and $2 25 day.
K laborers., factory. SCO.
H<— t!*r. city, good stable. *75.
12 laborers for mines, you'll suit. $30 found.
4 minr— s, different tnfne».
MARRIED.
r»nwr and wife. f»»v 1r.b. Tolo Co.. SCO fd.
4 Tan ¦"•!¦* nn<1 wives. $«rv-*r>0-$60 found.
Married farmer, no work 'w wife, $35 found.
FOP. A MINE.
Chore— inn and wife. Germ an or French, boss
here, ?60 found.
MURRAY A READY. ¦
<_4 and e3Q Clay ftt.
TCANTED — 3 pl«-k xnd shovel hand*. Four-
tnMith ave. and N. rt. South; Kentucky-st.
c&rs.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
CHANCE In a ilfeUme to get a bargain like
this one; pretty 4-room, bay-window cot-
tage; flower garden; full bearing fruit trees;
chicken houses; good well of water, also city
water; lot 50x137; 3 blocks to station; elec-
tric cars; school; church and stores; price
$1250; terms. $150 cash, balance $15 per
month. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lortn station.
South Berkeley. Open Sundays.
SICKNESS forces owner to sell; 3-room cot-
tage, with furniture, tools, chickens, etc.;
lot 50x200. all fenced and cross- fenced: some
fruit trees; fronting on 2 streets; price $1250
cash; this is a genuine snap. O. A. RU-
DOLFH, Lorln station. South Berkeley. Open
Sundays.
$3000 — GOOD 2-story house, 6 rooms; modern
conveniences; lot 40x135; street wo,rk com-
plete; $750 cash, balance $25 per month, in-
cluding principal and Interest at 8 i<er cent;
cne block and a half from 'car; 5 minutes'
walk from station; situated at 22tt> Ward
st.. East Berkeley, near college and schools.
.' MORAN & SWAIN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. opp. Berkeley station.
$1250 — Choice corner lot, east on Grove;
62x137; fine location; two blocks -to station.
¦Afldress 2530 Grove st.. East Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1010 BROADWAY.
OAKLA.VD REAL KSTATB.
$5500 — LESS than cost; 8-room rustic buga-
Iow; 2 baths; exterior finish, including
porte cochere in natural redwood logs and |
clinker brick; large rooms; beam celling '
In dining-room, all paneled In llnwood I
oak; large corner lot; fine marine view;
convenient to business center, cars, local
trains and schools; terms, only $250 cash
and $50 per month; almost new and thor-
oughly first-class In every respect; cannot
do Justice to this property in describing It;
It must be seen to appreciate Its low value
and many attractive qualities.
J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$2800— REDUCED from $3500; magnificent 6-
room cottage; all large, rooms; basement;
combination gas and electric fixtures;
mantel In dining-room and parlor; large
lot with driveway; first-class neighbor-
hood; only 27 minutes to San Francisco by
Key Route; terms, $200 cash and $S5 per
month; to see this place means to buy it,
as it is a much better place than this ad-
vertisement can describe.
J. S. MYERS,
lOOt Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
RICHMOND FACTORY SFTE —
234 acres, at Junction of S. P. and Santa Fe
railroads. For price and terms, see LLOYD
3c STEIN, 458 Ninth st., Oakland.
ELEGANT, new, modern residence: 8 large
rooms; artistic Interior finish; lot 40x115; five
minutes' walk to Key Route; $4750; & cash,
bal. easy terms. LLOYD - STEIN. 458 Oth
St.. Oakland.
$200 CASH — New house, 6 rooms, near Key
route statlcn, Oakland; m_et have money at
ence; a bargain. Owner. 16 Chronicle bd., S.F.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent— New house. 6 rooms; near Key
route. Key at fit57 37th st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURXITURE^FOR^^ALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H.Schellhaas.llth st..cor.store.Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisemts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXO.
SCOTT, 300, NE. cor. Page, near Halght-st.
cars — Two newly furnished, sunny, connect-
ing rooms; bath, gas range, dishes.
BUSH. 1224 — * sunny housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; private entrance,
yard; $16.
CALIFORNIA. 1304 — Sunny front bay-window
room & kitchen, connecting: reas.:no child' n.
CALIFORNIA. 1426C — Two sunny, front house-
keeping rooms; gas and bath; reasonable.
DEVISADERO. 1440. corner Geary— Nicely fur-
nished, sunny, connecting rooms; large
kitchen., porch, tubs; $10.
EDDY. 800— Beautifully furnished, front, sunny
rooms: also attic rooms; separate entrance.
ELLIS. 325 — Parlor suite; single and double
rooms for housekeeping.
ELLIS, 1174 — Handsome parlor suite, kitchen;
others, suite or single; modern; sunny; rea-
sonable.
FELL. 760, cor. Webster — 2 sunny frost rooms;
running water; reasonable rent.
FIFTH, 322— Three furnished rooms for house-,
keeping in a nice, quiet house.
FILLMORE, 710— Three unfurnished rooms for
light housekeeping. ______
FOLSOM, 2612, near 22d — Two upper unfur-
nished sunny front rooms; gas. bath; reason-
able.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1200 — Lower floor: sun-
ny front suite with kitchen; running water;
gas range.
HARTFORD, 7f>, nr. 17th — 2 larg# sunny
front unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
HAYES, 464— Furnished rooms for light house-
keeping.
HOWARD. 2120, near 17th— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas range; running water;
also single room.
HOWARD, 23S1 — Well-furnished front suite;
yard; $12; adults.
HYDE, 1000%, corner of Pine — 3 sunny unfur-
niihed housekeeping rooms, $16; also fur-
niFhed bedroom, ?5.
JESSIE 333 — 2 large sunny basement rooms,
*ur. housekeeping. 2 beds. $15 mo. ; also large
sunnv front parlor, gas range, water. $15 mo.
JONES. 215 — Sunny, newly papered suite; run-
ning water, gas; housekeeping: reasonable.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free bgths; rates reas.
LARKIN. 817U— Nicely furnished' sunny front
room; folding bed. gas stove; reasonable.
LARKIN. 81934 — Sunny housekeeping room;
gas btove and bath; $10 per month.
LARKIN.1007. cor.Post— The Cragburn. H. Bur-
llngame.prop. : rms. .single & hkpg.apartments.
LARKIN. 105$ — Sunny bay window front room
and kitchen for housekeeping; rent $15.
MCALLISTER, 558 — Sunny front parlor, gas
range, hot bath. $12; suite. $7; adults.
OAK 117. 638 McAllister— Rooms, complete;
?5 to $12: gas range, hot bath; adults.
PEARL. 3. corner Market — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms. $14; phone; no children. ,
TURK. 53S — Sunny front bay-window suite;
complete, housekeeping.
UNION. 2204, cor. FUlmore — Three unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; southern exposure.
TWENTY-SIXTH and Castro, 4212—2 sunny
fur. rooms ; bath and use of kitchen; $t».
VAN NESS. 1409 — Nice people can get best
rooms in town at lowest rent; $9 up.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH offlf e for The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 10C8 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. •
" mTMiart HOUSES.
ST CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness ave. —
The acme of perfection In modern, elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with private
baths, steam heat. eler. light, elev.. gas rarge.
CHESTERfT_LD. 637 Bu«h— New modern
houFe; 2-3-4 rwnn apartments; convenient lo-
cation; reasonable.
EL CAMELLO. 1711) Washington — 2 to 8 room
apartments, newly furnished or unfurnished;
sunny; moderate.
ST. LAWRENCE, 1335 Mason— Just opened;
sunny modern 2. 3. 4 room apartments; 'fur-
- nished or unfurnished.
I ST. HILIARE Apartments. 1523 La— ana St..
| near Geary — Just opened, new, modtrn house.
ST. LOUIS. 157C- Jackson st. — Modern .1-4-3
1 rooms; furn. or unfuro.: ref». Tel. East 1.15©
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 149 ' Sixth' St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 2S to $5 per week and
light housekeeping roo— «; open all night.
ASHBOURNE, 7C3 Market, >p. Phelan bldg.—
Fine front suites; laree .ml small single;
central.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.>— Rooms. 25c. 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week: hous« cm— all nls-ht.
HELI* *VAXTI5P — MAf,K — Contl n ued,
FIRST-CLASS carpenter foreman for country;
L' teamsters. $2 50 day and $.V> month; milker
and separator man, $35 and board; 15 woods-
men; timber feller. $00 and board: crosscut
sawyers, $40 and board; laborers about mill,
$2 ..« day; carriage setter, $05 and board;
blacksmiths; blacksmith helpers; machine
men; porter and warehouse man, $50; ar.d
others. . J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Eacra-
racr.to st.
BL'TLER, $45 an( j found; boarding-house cook.
$4.> and found: second lunch man, $45; cook
and wife for boardlns-house. $*;<) and found;
baker, country shop. $12 week and found;
Porter for resort, $25 and found; 2 hotel
waiters, $25 and $00 and found; dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. G2S
Sacramento st.
A — AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
612 Commercial st.. Near Kearny.
Phone Bush KU. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
LOOK HERE! SPECIAL. SHIP TO-DAY-.
Your fare returned. LOOK AT THE WAGES.
10 common laborer*. $75; 10 muckers for tun-
nel. $6150 and found; 30 teamsters, $52 50
and found; 10 concrete laborers. $75; 8 ham-
mersmen. $»U 00 and found; 10 tunnelmen,
$94 ani found; 10 laborers, pipe and phone
gang. $45 ard found.
HORD & SMITH.
85 Third Et. Telephone Main 5521.
Assistant bartender, $35 and room, city.
Rough carpenters, $3, near city.
Laborers for big company,- $2, near city.
We have a special inducement for Nevada,
Talk to us. We will interest you.
Woodchoppers, south, fl IW» cord. oak.
Florence. Ariz., fare $10 50. laborers, $2.
Man to care for old man, city, $4 50 room.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY^
C02 Clay st— Phone James 2476.
20 teamster*, $2 25 to $2 f>0 day.
1 milker. 26 cows. $35 mor.fh and found.
10 pick and shovel men, $2 day.
TeamMT* and laborers for Nevada.
Full fare returned after ten days' work.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 28 Montgomery, r. 12.
Vegetable man, $30; silver man, $23; bellboy,
-^15; porter, $20; waiter, nurses' hall, $30;
_£ Ierk J-J 50 - ¦
A MAN and wife as cook and helper In plain
hotel In city; $5T). MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter st.. near Powell.
WANTED fcr U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35:
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
read and write English. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. Rialto building.
New Montgomery st.. San Francisco, or 1029
Second St.. Sacramento. Cal.
COLORED boy. 15 to IS years old, to work at
soda fcuntain; no experience necessary.
BLUM'S. Polk and Sutter Ms.
EXPERIENCED talesman for dress goods.
Apply superintendent's offlce. the Emporium.
FIRST-CLASS barber »anted[ 1792 Haight;
call after 12 o'clock.
BARBER wanted. 627 Clay st.; call at 8
o'clock.
GOOD bootblack wanted. 1531 Polk st.
MAN sell goods and collect; pays good wages.
Call to-day. 1118 Market St., room 1.
WANTED — 1-chair barber shop: city or coun-
try; state r-rice and partic. Box 12S3. Call.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced silverware
and Jewelry man: must be a competent sales-
man: will pay liberal salary to right party.
Applv between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
ALL
Men to learn tl.e BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required; positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
¦ ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st.
BARBERS — Good shop In best country town In
the State for sale; 3 chairs and baths; good
side business. DECKELMAN BROS., 103
Ellia tt.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
tlftt Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
•217 TK'.rJ »t.; 250 room*; 25 to 5Oc per night.
WANTED — 50 men and women to learn the
" barber trade: free situations- guaranteed.
Call at Haight's College, 647 Commercial st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; fort-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express cr mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — First' class upholsterer at 715
Howard st. .
WANTED — Good barber; steady Job. 725
-Fourth et., San Rafael; tel. Red CSO.
BARBERS — S-chair shop for sale; 5 years'
lease; best location In city. Apply 609 Jessie.
BARBERS — For sale, good 2-chair barber shop.
Corner cf Fourteenth and Folsom sts.
A profitable outing; pick hopa In August. Write
- E.CLEMENS HORST CO..122Eattery St.. S.F.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Momgy. r. 415.
YOUNQL man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and young men <green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. S17 Jackson St.
SAILORS and ordinary eeamen for all parts of
the .world at HERMAN'S, 27 Eteuart st.
PENSION Atty..E. A. Bullls, r.40. Phelan b'.dg.
Past Cera. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
k^ — 700 rooms; 85a night; readtng-rooms;
free 'bus ani baggage to and from ferry-
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Cill branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
craned »t 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL «lzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. Sea Mission «t.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 563- M)s»lon st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WACOXS.
TO whom It may concern — I will sell jone
Shetland pony; r'glstered: a fine and fear-
less driver and broke to ride; an exception-
ally fine pony; sold on account of owners
. leaving for St. Louis; will be sold at ruiblle
auction at Arcade Stable, 327 Sixth St.,
Wednesday. June 29. at 11 a. m. J. J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
A TEAM of mares weighing about 18W pounds;
fine roadsters: 6 and 7 years old: broke
double: $125 or $175 with fine spring wagon,
pole, shafts and harness. 1180 Sixty-seventh
St., Oakland. .. .;
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons, surreys, bugries. carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, S.F.
WANTED — To buy a light driving buggy;
state price. Box 853. Call offlce.
WANTED— A stylish saddle horse. Box 1037,
Call offlce. '
SORREL horse for sale; 7 years" old; gentle
. and sound. Box 25S3, Call offlce.
NEARLY new low-set wagon; capacity 900
pounds. 843 Howard st. .
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work end driving horses. ISth-Valencia.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
poeta'ge paid.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to l*t; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & Co.. 20 Montgomery.
I GREATEST bargain In city; 0 rooms, bath;
piano optional. _570 Market et. .
HOUSES KIK.MSHED — FOR SALES.
8-ROOM house; — rtl furnished; floe piano; long
lease; rent $30: at a bargain If sold at once.
Addreas box 1328. Call offlce. -
HOUSES WAXTED — FUR.MSHEO.
WANTED — A completely furnished house or
flat of 6 rooms. Address with price, etc., box
1067. Call offlce. \
HOTELS 7OR SAXE.
$6000— HOTEL; Oakland; 140 roomsT'renTilSO,
with lean*; profits will average over $300
month clear of expense. Full particulars
with THE ALDEN CO., 1233 Broadway.
Oakland.
IBT— A-XP CHAIBS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
-A~f_CH~S POB — XSE. . '
C, A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO , foot~of~c7ay
et. ; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush S34.'
J. MIchaells Launch Co..UnIon-st. Wharf; boat-
ins — excursions. C Eteuart St.; tel. John 2686
BY A riTTINO ADVERTISEMENT IN THE GALL *.. *. *ARRIVED.
Tuesday. Jun» 23
Stmr Olympic, Hanson, 57 hours from Ho
qulam.
SAILED.
- Tuesday. Juna 28.
Stmr ; Iaqua. Jorgenson, ¦ -.
SUnr Redondo. Kro», Astoria.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SetrfeT^ni&Vo JUM «** . »ob«t
Arrived June 28— Schr Halcyon, trom Aluta.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Timothy Maloney, a street sweeper
residing at 57 Eighth street, reported
to the police last night that he j saw
Radcllffe running away from" the
scene of . the murder of Riley and
heard two pistol shots, one muffled
and one sharp. Mrs. Noonan of 10
Sheridan street heard two shots and
then heard a man running down Sher
idan street. She believes he was Rad
cliffe. Maloney identified Radcllffe as
the man he saw running from the
scene of the crime.
New Witnesses In Riley Case.
Flour qr sks .. 10,2831 Screenings, sks.. 200
Wheat, ctls 413 Feed, sks L>5
Barley, ctls .... 2.231 Leather, rolls .. .73
Oats ctls .." 1,0'U Hides, No 6OT
Tallow, ctls ..... 2371 Pelts, bdls 75
Rye. ctls 6201 Lime, bbls ..... 276
Potatoes sks .. 2,407|Wine, gals 65,850
Onions, sks ... 1051 Quicksilver, flks. 79
Middlings, sks. . 5181 Hay. tons ..... 7C2
Corn Meal.West- Straw, tons .... 10
ern, ctls ' 4001 Wool, bales ... 392
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. June 28—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
, Bld.Ask. - ;. . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107 '4107% 4s qr cp new.l32%133U
4s qr *-eg...l06»4106v'« 3s qr coup.. .108 106%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s.l01 — Oak T Co 6s.H9" —
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 Do 5a .... -.112*4 —
Cal C G 5a. — 104% Do con 6s. 102 •
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 6s. — 75
m & ct Cs. 84% 85 Om Cable 6s. — 125
Cal-st C Bs. — 118 Pac G Im 4s. 02% 06
C C Wat 5s. — 100% P E Ry 5s. 104% —
EdL & P 6S.124 — P & CH 61.105 —
F & C H 6s.U4% — P & O R 6s. — 118 •
Geary-st 5s.. — 80 Powell-st 6s. — 114
H C&8 5%s.lOO — Sac EG&R5s. 96 97%
Do 6s 98% — SF & SJV5s.ll6% _
Hon R T Os.105 — Sierra R 6s.. — 115
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A Cs .
L A Ry 5s. .111% — (1909) 109 -_
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) .....109% —
Do gtd«6s. — — , S P of C 6s.
Do gtd 6s.lO2% — (1905)Sr A.102%103U
LAP lem Bs.101 — (1905)Sr B.103% — ,
Mkt-st C Gs.116% — (1906) .....105 —
Do lem 6s.ll4% — (1012) .....115% —
MV& MtT5s.l01% — SPC 1 eg. Bs.110 • —
NRR of C6s.lO7% — Do Rtmpd..lO8 108%
Do 5s 116%117 8 P B R 6S.132 134
N P C R 68.106 107% S V Wat 6s. 105% —
N C Ry 6s. — 112 ; Do 4s 2dm. 99 09%
N C P C 6s. 98 101 "Do 4s 3dm. — 99
N S R R 6s. — 101 • Do g mtg4s 97% —
O GL&H 6S.10T- — Stkn G&E6s. — 101U
O W gtd 5s. — 100 U G & E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
1 Contra Costa 35 40 '(Port Costa...- — '
1 Maria Co... — "60 . |S V Wat Co. 87% 88%
FOR TUESDAY. JUNE 28.
Receipts of Produce.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia .-.. B9 100 Seg Belcher .. 08
200 Caledonia ... 60 100 Sierra Nev .. 84
600 Con C & Va.l 05 100 Silver Hill .. 68
Afternoon Session.
TOO Andes ....... 12 100 Sierra Nev ..84
600 Con C& Va.l 10 100 Silver " Hill .. B4
200 Hale & Norc. 63 200 Union Con . . 86
100 Mexican . 97|
PACIFIC , STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the salea on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
900 Andes 12 100 Ophlr ........3 00
400 Con C & V.I 07*4 1000 Potosl 09
100 Mexican 07 200 Union Con . . 35
Afternoon Session.
100 Con C & V.I 07% BOO Potosl 09
200 Justice .. 14 100 Silver Hill .. 53
200 Mexican . : . . . OS 100 Silver HU1 . . 54
200 Mexican 09 600 Yellow Jacket. 20
50 Ophlr 2 85|
TONOPAH STOCK EXCHANGE. »
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. -'<""¦','¦• ¦:
60 Cent Eureka.1 25V2000 Ton Belmont.. 79
• 100 MacNamara . ¦ e6 2300 Ton Belmont. . 78
8700 MacNamara ..68 4000 Ton Belmont.. 82
2500 MacNamara" . 69 9600 Ton 'Gold M. 20
100 Mont Ton ..2 47Vi 1500 Ton; Gold M. 21
2000 Paymaster .. 08 1410 Ton Midway.., 09
200 Paymaster .. 07 700 Ton Midway.. 60
250 Ray & O'Brien 11 1600 Ton N Star.. 34
1300 Rescue i" 09 110 Ton of Nev.. 8 25
600 Ton Belmont. 79 1000 West End . .. .' 28
, " Afternoon Session.
1000 Brunswick .. 11 300 MacNamara .. 73
500 Brunswick .. 10 -500 Mont. Ton.. 2 47^4
1000 Ksperanza ... 03 C000 Rescue 09
2000 Gold Anchor. 31 200 Ton Belraont.. 79
2000 Gold Anchor. ' 35 1100 Ton Belmont. 78
1000 MacNamara . 68 4000 Ton Gold M. ' 20
0700 MacNamara . 70 -100 Ton & G W.. 05
2500 MacNamara . '71 500 Ton .Midway.. fi2
1600 MacNamara . 72 1000 West End .... 26
CLOSING . QUOTATIONS.
' TUESDAY, June 28—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. _. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 10 11 Justice 15 16
.Alta ./05. 07 Kentuck 02 04
Andes ........ 11 • .13 Keyea Graes... — 120
Belcher ...... 19 -20 Lady Wash . . • — <. 06
Beat & Belch.l 00 1 15 Mexican 9S 1 CO
NEW YORK. June 28. — The fol
lowing Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco — A. C. Bald
win, at the Cadillac; H. R. Brown, at
the Netherlands; Dr. D.' A. Danzisjer,
at the Hoffman; F. P. Evans, at the
Continental; W. G. Gilbert, at the
New Amsterdam; F. Hayward and
wife,, at the Cumberland; S. C. Hirsch
berger and wife, at the Wellington;
H. M. Herzog, at the Imperial; M. E.
Samuels and wife, at the Sinclair; P.
J. M. Sels, at the Netherlands; Mrs.
E. Smith, at the Grand Union; A. S.
Wagner, at the Continental, and P.
H. Young, at the Park Avenue.
From Santa Barbara — J. C. Elliott,
at the New Amsterdam: W. H. Jami
son and wife, at the Continental, and
Mrs. A. A. Wedejneyer, at- the St.
Denis. '>V :
Californians In New York.
The Tonopahg continue the only stocks to
show any activity and they are heavily dealt
in, while quotations have been steadily rising
for some little time. All the other stocks are
very dull and without feature, as usual Just
before the Fourth of July holidays.
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society has
declared a eeml-annual dividend at the rate
of 3.25 per cent per annum on all deposits,
payable July 1. The rate is the same as that
for the six months ended December 31, 1903.
The Phoenix Savings, Building and Loan
Association has declared semi-annual dividends
at the rate of 5 per cent per annum on term
certificates and 4% per cent on ordinary sav
ings deposits, payable July 20.
The New Idrla Quicksilver Mining Company
has declared a regular dividend of 10 cents per
share and an 'extra dividend of 20 cents per
share, both payable July 1.
The California Gas and Electric Corporation
has declared a- regular monthly dividend of 25
cents per share, payable July 15.
The regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Security Savings Bank has been
called for July 11.
The Fischer- Rebmann Theater Company of
San Francisco has levied an assessment of 20
cents per share, delinquent July 30.
The Ophlr Mining Company has Just re
ceived $11,713 49 from the sale of six railroad
carloads of ore. There are now eight carloads
on the way.
The gross earnings of the California North
western Railway Company for May amounted
to $121,854, an Increase of $5562 as compared
with May, 1903. The deficit after charges on
May 31 waa $3129. For the eleven month*
ended May 31 the gross earnings Increased
J59.274. while the deficit after charges was
$15,227, a Iops of $43,401 over the correspomi
lng period in 1003.
The Tonopahs Continue the Only
Active Stocks.
TUESDAY,- June 2S.
William and Pauline Banfleld to Frank W.
Dewey. lot on S line of Austin street. 09 E of
Franklin, E 25 by S CO; $10T~"
Margaret E. Gallivan and Daniel Suter to
W. R. Eaton, lot on SE corner of Bush and La
guna streets, E 55 by S 137 :C; $10. •
Timothy and Mary A. Dolan to John P. Mc-
Kee. lot on S line of Haight street, 6S:9 E of
Scott, E C8:9 by S 137:0; $10.
Hermann and Martha Ros^kamp to James
'Irving, lot on N line of O' Farrell Mreet, 25 E
of Broderlck, E 21:6 by N 02:6: J10.
HV.ry Goodman and Albert Oppenhelmer to
Eveleyn Adelsdorfer. lot on N line of Geary
6treet; 125 W of Broderick, W 25 by N 137:6;
$10.
Ernest Adelsdorfer to same, same; gift.
W r illlam Baker to Leon F. Goodman, lot on
N line of Twenty-second street. 55 W of Bart
lett, N 65:3^. W tQ point 125 W of Bartlett
street and C0:S*4 N of Twenty-second, S 60:8^4,
E 70 and all interest In M. B. 65; $10.
Rosalie J. Colombat to Hippolyte N. Cauwet.
lot on N lme of Sycamore street, 204 E of Va
lencia. E 26 by N 100; $10.
Niels C. and Karen Mortensen to Darwin E.
Lawrence, lot on S line of Twentieth street, 100
E of Harrison, E 25 by S 104; $10.
Christian N. and Anna Catherine Jensen to
Peter H. and Maren Uhlenberg. lot on W line
of York street 155 S of Twenty-first, S 27:6
by W 100; $10.
William H. Morriesey to Anna J. Morrlssey
(wife), lot on N line of Army street, 50 E of
Dolores, E 24:10 by N 76; gift.
Estate of Jose Guardlola (by executor) to
W. F. Perkins and J. M Masten lot on N
line of Ellis street. 137:6 W of Stockton W
90 by N 137:6; $315,000.
W. F. Perkins and J. M. Masten to United
Rralty Company (corporation), same; $10.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Pletro
Fabrle. lot on E line of Wisconsin street) 225
N of Twenty-fifth, N 25 by E 100; $10.
Frederick E. and Carrie M. Wadsworth and
John W. and Mary W. Robertson to Charles
H. S. MacLennan. lot on W line of Texas
fltreet. 100 N of Nineteenth, N 25 by W 100;
$10.
Hind Estate Company (corporation) to Mary
A. Mason, lot on E line of Fourth avenue, 225
S of Clement street, S 25 by E 120: $10.
Mary A. Mason to Frank L. H. and Minnie
C. Regal, same; $10.
Edwin W. Taggard to Charles Carpy, lot on
N line of Point Loboa avenue. 129 W of
Twenty-first avenue, W 3:1. NW 101, E 3:1,
SE 101, quitclaim de*d; $1.
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma L. Mer
rltt, executrix) to Hattle E. Ely, lot on E
line of Thirty-sixth avenue, 250 N of Point
Lobes avenue, N 25 by E"120; $500. - ,
Mary E Dewing to Simon P. Hlrks, lot on
"W line of Twenty-second avenue, 150 S of B .
street. W 120. S 50:6, E 120. N 50:7; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Charles I*,
and Frances L. Goettlng. lot on W line of Sec
ond avenue, 125 N of C street, N 25 by W 120;
$10. •• .
Same to William D. Halket. lot on E line
of Third avenue, 125 N of C street, N 25 by E
120; $10.
City Realty Company to Herbert F. Mann,
lot on -N line of I street, 05 W of First ave
nue, W 50 by N 110; $10.
Same to Ernest G. Callender. lot on E line
of Second avenue. 35 N of I etreet. N 25 by
E 95; $10.
Rudolph W. Martinet, to Jefferson Martinet,
lot on N line of Coso street and W boundary
line of lot 48. gift map 3. thence SE S5, N
51:2. NW 85, S 48:2, lots 43 and 51, gift map
3; $20. *
Daniel J. and Elizabeth B. Connolly to Ellen
A. Camp, lot on NW line of P street. 26:6 S"W
of Twelfth avenue. SW 23:6 by NW 100. block
251. O'Neil & Haley Tract; $400.
John and Anna Miller to George Ryan, lot
on SE line of Preclta avenue. 25 NE of Ryan
street. NE 25 by SE 75, lot 15, George Ryan's
subdivision of Preclta Valley, 219, 222 and 223;
$10.
.Festus and Ann McDonough to Annie Mc-
Kernan lot on E line of Bennington street, 75
S of Newman. S 25 by E 100. Falr'a sub
division of H^olly Park; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Jullen and Julia TIeulIc (owners) -with- C.
Krecker (contractor), architect J. A. Porpa
"rato—All work except painting, plumbing,
shades and chandeliers for a two- story frame
building (flats) and remove present building
to rear of lot and certain alterations and addi
tions to aame, on S lino of Erie street, 115 B
of Howard, E 25 by S 121:9%; $3S35.
Johanna and Leonard Haas (owners) with
C. A. Henshaw . (contractor), architect E. A.
Hermann — Alterations and additions to one
two-story frame ¦ building and one one-story
frame building ort S line of Thirtieth street.
W ot Whitney. S 150. W 150. ¦ N 60. E 75,
N 90. thence. 75 to beginning; $2425.
Electric t Appliance Company (owners) with
Kern Bros, (contractors), architects H. H.
Meyers and C. R. Ward — Mlllwork. carpenter
work shelving, floors, stairs, railings and
painting for etore in building at 717. and 719
Mission street; $2020. ¦
¦; Robert Dalzlcl Sr. * (owner) with Dyer Bros,
and Golden •. West Iron Works • (contractors),
architect A. M. « Mllwaln— Cast Iron and steel
work for fire escapes for a six-story and base
ment brick -building on-NW line of Mission
street, C8 NE of New Anthony, — 15. NW 100.
NE 23. NW S7:«V SW 45. SE 60. SW l""SE
23:9. SW 22. SB 103:9; $3700. .i
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
COAL OIL— Water "White Coal Oil," In bulk,
13Hc; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 2Gc; Eocene.
23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 16c;
In cases. 22Hc; Benzine in bulk, 13c; In cases,
J'JVic; SC-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 25c; in
cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7M@
7-%c por lb; White Lead, 7 1 / 4@7?ic. according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $43044 for local use and
$41 25@42 per flask for export.
SALT — Prices to Jobbers: Bales, 000 for
common and $1 10 for granulated: Dairy, $C@7
per ton; Granulated, $7@7 50; Half Ground,
100-Ib bags. $3 25: do. 50-lb bags, $3 75; Rock
Salt. $2 85 in 100 and $3 25 in 50 lb bags;
Genuine Liverpool, $14. $15 and $1C per ton
in packages of 224. 100 and 50 Iba respectively.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, In 100-lb bags:
Cubos, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.95c;
Powdered, 6.80c; Candy Granulated, 5.80c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.70c; Fruit Granulated, 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.60c; Confectioners'
A. 5.70c: Magnolia A. 5.30c; Extra C. 6.20c;
Golden C, 5.10c; "D," 5c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 60-lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— -.Half
barrels, 6.20c; boxes. 6.45c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER — Pine, ordinary sizes, $18(?J19; ex
tra sizes higher; R>awood. $19@23; Lath. 4
feet. $3 75®4; Pickets, $17®25; Shingles. $2 for
No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 for
Split and $15 for sawn; Rustic, $33^39.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 29tf31c; extra
heavy. 31<?f33c per 1b; medium, 23®
29c; light, 22627c ; Rough Leather, 24@2<>c;
Harness Leather, heavy. 33@.'{9e for No. 1 and
30033c for No. 2; medium. SO® 37c; light 29®
35c; Skirting, No. 1, 40@42c; No. 2, 36<jj3Sc;
Collar Leather. ISfflCc per foot; Trace Leather,
40@44c; Kip. unfinished 4QS50c per lb- Veal
finished. 50@C0c per lb; Calf, finished, C5c<S$l
per rb; Wax Sides, I6®17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 140 lCc; Rough Splits. S@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $25@2S per ton; stick,
$1G 50Sjl8 per cord.
OILS — Quotations - are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed, 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' A A. casefl. $1 10® 1 12; Lucol, 45c
for boiled and 43c for raw; China Nut. cases,
C2«40tS0c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, In barrels,
58c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached .winter Sperm Oil, 6Sc; natural winter
Sperm Oil, 03c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 67c; natural Whale Oil, 52c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil, C5e;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c: No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil.' 34c; boiled Fish OH, 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil, 33d; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
washed; 12©13%c for prime to strictly prime
washed; ll@ll%c for strictly good washed;
10%c for good washed; 9H@10V4c for fair
washed; 8V4®i>c for medium; 7@7%c for In
ferior to ordinary: 10%@12»4c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9%©10c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: S^gO^ic for good
to superior unwashed. * "
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
R. H. Ingram, superintendent of the
Southern Pacific Company in Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
W. E. Gerber, State Fish Commis
sioner and well known fruit man of
Sacramento, is at the Palace.
George- A. Parkyns, assistant gen
eral freight and passenger agent of the
Southern Pacific Company, is up from
Los Angeles and registered at the Pal
ace.
R. P. Schwerin, vice president and
general manager of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, who has been in
the East for six months on business
connected with his company, returned
Sunday.
Walter Alberti of Paris, who has
been commissioned by the French
Government to come to this country
to study the conditions of the French
colonies in the various big cities, i3
staying at the St. Francis.
, Julius A. Kieser, a wealthy mining
man of Johannesburg, South Africa,
and his wife are at the St. Francis.
Although his visit to ithis country is
mainly for pleasure, ' he is carefully
studying the Chinese with a view of
asquainting himself with their condi
tions, his idea being to learn their cus
toms, so that he may readily under
stand them when they begin to go to
South Africa as' a substitute for the
Kaffir miners.
PERSONAL.
N. E. de Toe, a merchant of Mo
desto, is at the Lick.
Victor H. Woods, State Surveyor
General, is at the Lick.
Dr. Walter Lincoln of Cleveland,
Ohio, is staying at the Palace. .
George D. Kellogg, a well known
fruit grower of Newcastle, is at the
Lick.
Dr. E. H. Scatchard and Dr. N. T.
Hoffman of Philadelphia are at the
Palace. '.{
Charles Burnham, manager of Wal
lack's Theater in New York, is at the
St. Francis.
Bullion 16 17 Occidental .... 79 81
Caledonia ... 65 . 59 Ophlr 2 90 2 05
Challenge Con 13 14 Overman 20 22
Chollar 09 10 Potosl 09 10
Confidence... 80 90 Scorpion 15 17
Con C & Va.l 05 1 10 Savage 17 18
Con Imperial. 01 02 Se< Belcher ..07 00
Con NY 01 02 Sierra Nev . . 34 35
Crown Point. 11 12 Silver Hill .. — 54
East Sierra N 06 — St Louis .... — OS
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate 03 04
Exchequer .. 36 :>S Union Con ..35 36
Gould & Cur. IS 19|Utah 13 15
Hale & Norc 62 65| Yellow Jacket. 20 21
Julia 07 CSI
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask.l - BId.Ask.
Colehan — 05|Ray Ton .... 10 14
Esperanza ... 03 04|Kescue OS Vft '
Eula Con . . 08 — Ton Belmont. .77 79
Gold Anchor. 25 — Ton & Cal... — 15 j
Gold M Con.. 02 — Ton Exten .. Oft 1 CO
Hannapah M. 25 — Ton & G W. 0.'t 05
Jim Butler... 50 — Ton Gold M.. 20 2t
Little Ton .. lil 00 Ton Midway.. 61 62
Lucky Tom.. 02 03 Ton of Nev.S 25 8 37%
MacNamara . » 70 71 Ton N Star.. S3 05.
MIzpah Ex ..10 11 Ton & Salt L 70 74
Mont Ton. .2 45 2 47%ITon Ur.Ion .. 10 — i
Paymaster .. — 07 United Ton ..OS —
Ray Exten .. — 10 Utopia 10 —
Ray & O'Brien 11 121 West End ..25 —
sessment on Stock in Reserve.
GALVESTON, Tex.. June 23.— In it3
efforts to throttle competition, espe-.
dally of the smaller companies, tha
Standard Oil Company has in every*
County of the State in whlca it owr.s)
reserves or has oil stored rendered th*
same for assessment at J3 per barrel.
Two years ago the assessment was 2Q
cents per barrel. As the amount of oil
stored in Texas runs up into the mil
lions of barrels, the revenue in taxa
tion is something enormous.
It Is feared that the ultimate result
of this move on the pan of tha Stand
ard Oil Company will be to force thtf
smaller companies into bankruptcy or
to sell out to the octopus, in which
event the Standard Oil will absolutely
dominate the Texas fields.
Corporation, to Throttle Competition
In Texas, Levies Prohibitive As- j
"FREEZE OUT" GAME BEING . \
PLAYED BY STANDARD OHJ
' OAS AND ELECTRIC*.
Cent L & P. 8U 8(4 S F O & K. M 61*4
Mutual B _ 12% — Stkn O 4 E. 6% —
Pao L Co.. .67. — U G ft B Co. — —
' INSURANCE.
FIrem'a Fnd.810 ¦ — . | * 1 : L 1 -' «•
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl B1C.127U — L P & A.... 150 169
• An«lo-Cal .. 83% 86% Mer Trust. ...205 —
Bank of Cal. 424 — Merch Ex.... 60 ,\—
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S P Natlonl. — —
First Nationl— —
SAVINGS BANKS;
Ger S A L.22S0 2350 Sav & L So. 100
Hum S & L. — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 L — Union T Co. . — — -
S F Sav U.640 —
STREET RAIXJtO ADS.
California ..194^200 iPresldlo *1% «
Geary — CO |
POWDER.
Giant eO'/i 60%|Vlgorlt — »
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 20o iKtlauea S C. — 4
Hawalan C. 61 62 |Makawell C. 21% 22
Honokaa S C 11% 12' (Onomea S C. 23% 27
Hutch S P C 7% 8%|Paauhau 8 C. 12% 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.186 137%|Oceanlc S Co. 4V4 *M
Cal F C A. 97% 09 jPac Aux FA. 6 —
Cal Wine A. 90%|Poc C Borx.156 189
MV4. MtTm.lOO — |
Morning Session.
60' Central Light and Power 8 60
60 Mutual Electric Light 12 60
20 S F Gas & Electric «l 25
$8,000 S P of Arizona (1910) 109 60
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Mutual Electric Light 12 60
?1,000 Northern Cal Power Co 6s.... 90 00
$1,000 Northern Cal Power Co 5s.... OS 00
$5,000 Pacific Electrlo Ry 6s J..106 00
Street—
100 Oceanic S S Co f 4 25
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC Cs. — 99' S P C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat Cs. — 117 S P Co 4%s.lOO —
Cal NW 5s.. — 112% Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
M C Wat fis.100 — j Do 5s — 104%
Rls I Wks5s. — 107% Suttr-sf RBs.105 113
S F Drdk 5s — 113%|UR of SF 4s. 79% —
SF & NP 5s. — 111% |
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 30 I Mat Nav Co. — 90
Amer Bis Co — 90 |Nev Nat Bk.lSO —
Car Cot Mils 80 87 N S R R Co. 9U —
Cal G&ECor. 45 50 N Cal P Co. — 10%
Cal Powder.,125 145 Oak Bk Sav.120 ""—
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak T Con.. 75 — -
Cal T I & T.116 — IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk. Oak — 05 Orpheum Co.. — 18
Chutes Co ., — 7% PacC Cas Co.125 —
Clty-ACBk— 112 Pac S Tel.-lOO —
Cyp L Imp.. — 7% Pac Sur Co. 99*iH0
East Dynm.. — 250 Paraf Paint.. 38 —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 S F Drydock. CO —
Do com .. — 60 SF&S.T Coal. — 25
FN Bk, Oak. 120 — S J" Wat Co. — 106
Fischer. Thtr — 80c SO & MTsbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.108 — Swlss-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect.. 11 13
Hono P Co.. 10 14 UR InC pfd. 48% 50
Lon& SF Bk — 00 Do com ... 0% —
Morning Session.
Board — /
100 United R R Inv Co pfd 48 75
Street —
$12,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 80 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$1,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 80 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— • Bid. Asked.
Apollo .' 40 4«
Associated Trust Certificates. 17 19
Aztec '61
Caribou 8 CO ....
Chicago Crude 20
Claremont 70 ....
Four m
Fulton 2 60
Hanford 176 00 184 00
Home 1 50
Imperial 18 00
Independence 28 27
Kern 4 50
Monarch (of Arizona) 31
Monte Cristo 69
Occidental of W Va .'.... 07 10
Oil City Petroleum fi9
Peerless - . 13 50
Sovereign 33
Sterling 2 50
Superior 05 07
Thirty-three 8 25
Toltec 21
Twenty-eight 8 50 8 75
Wabaph 20 27
Pennsylvania •. 34 ;
Illinois Crude 50 .... [
Section 7 1 10
Miscellaneous —
California Jockey Club 125 00
Chutes Company 700 800
Fischer's Theater 00
Northern Cal Power 10 50
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 1 00 ....
SALES.
Morning 1 Session.
400 Monte Cristo CO
Afternoon Session. / •<
200 Fischer's '. A.. 60
1000 Independence 26
services of many talented vocalists for
solo work. Miss Gertrude Freitag and
Miss Alice G. McMillin, both of San
Jose, are the principal soloists of the
convention. Miss E. Pearl • Hendrick
son, Miss Alice Bumbaugh. Miss Ade
laide Rutledge. Miss "Willie Finley and
Miss Pauline Olson, local vocalists, will
also sing.
The State gfflcers of the Christian
Endeavor Society are:
. J. E. White, president, San Francis
co; Leon V. Shaw, general secretary,
Los Angeles; R. R. Patterson, statisti
cal secretary, San Francisco; Frank J.
Weisman, treasurer. Sacramentof
Louis E. Schieffer, first vice president,
Santa Rosa; L. W. Hill, second vice
president, San Luis Obispo; Dr. E. D.
R. ,Newton, third vice president, Santa
Ana; and Rev. Edwin H. Hadlock,
field secretary, San Francisco.
The superintendents are: Miss
Amelia Kuhlitz, junior. "Watsonville;
Edward Newell, intermediate, San
Jose; Rev. J. H. Singleton, tenth legion,
Paso Robles; Miss Sadie I. Tuthlll.
quiet hour and Bible study, Los An
geles; Miss R. Esther Smith, missions,
San Francisco; Rev. T. F. Burnham, M.
A., floating work, Vallejo; Paul C.
Brown, citizenship and temperance,
Los Angeles.
The Santa Rosa committee of ar
rangements, officials and chairmen of
committees: Dr. David P. Anderson,
chairman; A. C. McMeans, vice chair
man: Miss Clytie Stark, secretary;
William J. Eardley. finance; O. E.
Bremmer, entertainment: H. J. Wat
ers, reception; Miss Nellie Mead, regis
tration; Miss E. Pearl Hendrickson,
decoration; J. Fred McMinn, music;
Rev. Monroe H. Alexander, pulpit
supply; Louis E. Schieffer, printing;
Herbert- Slater, press;. Marvin T.
Vaughan, ushers, and J. F. Wallace,
halls.
Sessions of the convention will be
held in the forenoon, afternoon and
evening, and on several days there will
be sunrise prayer meetings in various
portions of the city. The convention
will conclude its labors Sunday even
ing.
The musical portion of the pro
gramme is made a special feature. J.
Fred McMinn is chairman of the com
mittee, and in addition to securing the
services of a chorus choir of a hundred
and fifteen voices, he "has secured the
SANTA ROSA, June 28.— "With the
arrival of eight special trains Wednes
day evening the Christian Endeavorers
will take possession of Santa Rosa. The
opening session of the convention will
be n held at the Atheneum. Arrange
ments have been made for an overflow
meeting at the First' Presbyterian
Church. Both of these places have
been elaborately decorated under the
direction of Miss E. Pearl Hendrick
son, chairman of the committee on
decorations.
Fourth street, the principal business
thoroughfare, presents a gay scene in
purple and gold. Five welcomes will
be given the visitors, one on behalf of
Sonoma County by Judge Burnett; on
behalf of Santa Rosa, by Mayor John
P. Overton; on behalf of the churches,
by Rev. Peter Colvln, pastor of the
First Christian . Church: on behalf
of the Young People's Societies, by Dr.
D. P. Anderson, and by Miss Lucile
Griffin on behalf of the Juniors. " The
response ' on behalf of the delegates
will be by Rev. Edwin B. Hayes, ex-
State president of the society. -¦: ri ?
The following were appointed patrol*
men: Fred A. Smith, Leonard Fox#
Fred O'Neil, Thomas Kelly, Edwar<$
Whiskechll, Louis Cornelius, J. G. Rud-.
den, Thomas Firman, Thomas Ea;an,
Edmond Parquette, Peter McGee, F.
TIT.* Kerrigan, C. J. Cheval. H. John-,
son, "William Murphy, J. P. McMahon,
J. W. "Wright, "William Monahan,"
Henry Nolan, "William Burns, Georga
Ewing, Walter Neale and George Sul-»
Hvan. . ;*„ _ _ j
The Police Commissioners appointed
Lieutenant Henry Gleason a captain
last night. The promotion will taka
effect on July 1. Patrolmen John Mor
rlsey. Patrick McGee. George Lake and
George Rainsbury were made corpora
als.
Chief "Wlttman was present at tha
meeting with bandboxes containing
specimens of the millinery disported
by the New York peace guardians.
There were all sizes and shapes.
After the bonnets had been tried oil
by the Commissioners and the pollca
captains, the board adopted a duplicate
of an English general's cap for th»
chief. Captains, lieutenants and ser-.
geants will wear hats of the tarns
shape, but with less gold lace and tin*
eel. : * -
The motion waa carried to request:
the Supervisors to place all private de-«
tective agencies under control of tha
Police Commission.
Elaborate Programme Will
Occupy the Attention of
Convention for Five Days
Members of the Department
Are Soon to Disport Odd'.
Fangled Millinery Work
BONNETS AEE CHOSEN:
PREPARATION FINISHED
Eight Special Trains Will
Convey Hundreds of En
deavorers to City of Eoses
Police Commissioners Select
Captain's Headpiece for
Well Known Lieutenant
GAYLY DRESSED
IS SANTA ROSA
GLEASON WILL
GET NEW HAT
KILLING OF CHINESE
3IAY CLEAR MYSTERY
Authorities Declare That Ttiey Have
Evidence to Show That Miss Cul- '
len Was Murdered.
OL.TMPIA, Wash., June 28.— The
mystery surrounding the death of JI1S3
Effle Cullen, a young woman printer,
about five years ago, may be cleared
up through the Indictment filed to-day
against Lum Jo, a Chinese doctor, for
the murder of Don Tin, a vegetable
vendor, who was shot in the back on
his way home at a late hour last Sat
urday night. Miss Cullen disappeared
one evening during the fall of 1S98; the
next day her body was found on the
tide flats in front of. the city. There
were no marks of violence on her body,
but It is known that Miss Cullen was In
ill health and that Lum Jo had been
treating her. The authorities claim
they will be able to show that Don Yin
"knew too much" concerning the death
of Miss Cullen and was put out of the
way for that reason.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29/ 1901.
STOCK MAEKET.
14
DIVIDESDIfOTlCES^^^
DIVIDEND Notice: Phoenix Barings. Build -
lnr and Loan Association— For the six
months ending June 20. 1904.' dividends have
been declared on deposits in the saving de-
partment as follows : On term certificates, at
the rat* of 5 per cent per annum: onordl-
nary eavings accounts, at the rate w *.i
r>er cent per annum, free of taxes and pa>-
_te en and after July 20. 1904. The "?*<*•
nix" has a eu&r— teed capital of f200.W> and
a total paid in capital of 11.200.000. Its
hoard of directors are: A. A. Watklns, presl-
.->nt; Chariots R. Bishop, vice president; S.
TrentlES Smith, treasurer; George C Board-
man, director; Gavin McNab. director;
Cherle* E. Ladd. director. •
CLARENCE GRANGE. Secretary and Man-
aginir Director. _,
DIVIDEND NOT1CS- The Market Street
P.ank corner Market and Seventh sts.— For
the half S«ar ending June 30. 1904. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
ar.d one-hatf (3.50) per cent per annum upon
rrdlnary deposits (savings department), tree
of all taxes parable on and after July 2,
1804. * TV. B. NASH. Secrgtary.
OFFICE of The Hlbern'.a Eavings and Loan
Society, corner. Market, McAllister and Jones
rts.. Ban Francisco Juns 27, 1904. — At a
regular meeting of the Board of Directors of
this society, held this day. a dividend has
Vieen declared at the rate of three and one-
fourth <3Ji) ptr cent per annum on all de-
posits for the fix months epdlrjr June 3&
J9O4, free from all taxes, and 'payable on and
after July 1. l!»04.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
XJIVTDENT* NOTICK — 6anT*»oci8co and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor.
Mutual Savings Bank, building. 70S Market
tt., erposite Third — For the half year end-
ling June 30. l$>04. a dividend has been de-
cifcred at tne rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital Mock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Frlflay. July 1. 1304.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts. — For the tlx months endlr.(
June SO. llKM. dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of th'.a
comi*ny as follows: On term deposits, at
the rste of 3 C-10 per cent p»T annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent |
; f r t: :¦•-.-.. free of taxes and payable on and j
after Friday. July 1. 1M4. I
J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager. !
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, corner of California and Battery streets,
San Francisco, has declared a dividend of
S per cent per annum on Class "A" and
"F" stock, 6 per cent oc t»rm deposits and
¦It per cent on ordinary deposite, for the six
months ending June .i0. li>04.
WASHINGTON DODGE. President.
WILLIAM CORIUN. Sec. & Gen. Mgr.
DIVIDEND Notice: San Francisco Savings
t!n!on. £32 Calircrcia «.. corner Webb. —
For the half year ending with the 30th of
June. 1IX>4 V a dividend ha* been declared st
the rate per annum of three and one-half
<3*i) r*r cent on term deposits and three <3)
per cent on ordinary deports, free of taxes,
payable on ar.d after July 1, 1904.
LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice — The French P?.vlngs Bank.
Slo Montgomery et., for the h.i<f year end-
ing Jun« EO, 1JK14. a. dividend has been de-
clared at the rale of three and one-quarter
<3V) per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Friday,
July 1. 1!»<>4.
LEON BOCQrERAZ. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: The German Pavings and
Loan Society. f>2C California et. — For the half
year milng June 30, 1SO4. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
quarter <3>;) per cent per annum on all de-
1 ¦.!•::* free cf taxes payable on ant after
Friday July 1. 1904'
GEOHGE TOURNET. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: Mechanics' Savings Bank,
southwest corner Purh end Montgomery st> -
—For the 1 half year ending with June 30.
1904. a dlvider.d has be^ji declared at th«
rate" of three and one-quarter (3U) P«r cenl
p»r annum on .ui deposit?, free of taxes, pay-
able an and efter Friday Ji.'y 1, 1904.-
FREDERICK r. CLAftK, Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: Mutual giving* Bank
cf San FAncitco, 710 Market st. — For tha
fcalf year endiag June 30, 1004. a dividend
has boen declared at the rate of thltfe and
nne-quarter <Z\i) p*r cea". per annum on all
deposits, free of «axes, pcy&ble on and after
Friday. July 1. 1304. w^v
GEO. A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDERS) NOTICE— Security Savings Bank,
222 ilor.tgcmery'Ft.. Mills building. — For the
half year ending June 00. 1904. dividends
upon all dejxjsits at the ««e cf three and
one-quarter <:{';> r>er cent per annum, free
cf taxey, will be payable on and after July
1. 1»<4. FRED I;. JAY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: HuirboMt Savings Bank.
18 Geary st. — For the half year ending June
30 a dividend on deposits has been declared
et the rate of 3Vi per cent per a num. free
cf taxes, payable on and after July 1, 1904.
._ W. E. PALMER, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Saving? and Loan Society,
301 Montgomery £t.. c^rn^r Sutter. has de-
clared a dividend for the term ending ."une
10. 1304. at tiie rate of three and cne-quarter
<3',«) per cent per annum on all d»posits. free
of taxes and payable en and after July 1,
1904. ffrRUS-W. CARMANY. Cashier.
CHEAPEST iftd beet lr AmeAca— The Weekly
Call, 10 papee, eent »o any address In the
United States or Canada one year for Jl,
TxiFtape paid. •
\
UNIVERSITY" OF CAJ3FORNIA, Berkeley-
Notice to cantracU/!>E. builders and material
men: Notice is : hereby given that eealed
bids are solicited for periorming the labor
ar.d fuiTilKhir.s: the materials for fire escapes
icr Hearst Hall, on the grounds of the Unl-
venrlty cf California at llerkeley, California,
*nd said bias will be received at the office of
the reeests. South Hall, Berkeley, at or
before 5 o'clock p. n- of July . 7, 1904.
Plans and specifications of said fire escapes
have been adopted ani may be examined
daily at the ctSce of the resents from 9 a. m.
until A. p. m. No b^Js will be considered
unless^iccoir.panied tvV a certified check or
. bond of bidder, it* favor or the Regents of
the University of California, equal to ten
(10) per cent of hi* bid. with sufficient
eureUes. ccnditlcned that if said bid be ac-
teptf d, the bidder , vlj* duly enter into a
proper contract to 'fafthfuily j^rform the
duty and obligations in accordaxfre with said
bid and with the plans and Fpecificatlons
which are bercby required to t>e a part of
euch contract. The richt to reject any or all
bid* Is hereby r«jeervt-J. Uy order of the
" ilepcnts' Commltto«» on Orounds and Build-
ings. V. H. HEfflPERSON. Acting Secretary.
BAN FRANCISCO. Cal., June 2^7 1304.—
Foaled proposal*, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 a. m.. July IS, \Q®4, and
th^n op^n^d, for furnishir.g. <lnring the* lis-
•cal year ondinjj June SO. 1900. forage and
ftraw for AkaC^as Island. Fort Baker.
Benleia Barracks. Fi?-t Mason. Fcrt Mc-
. iKtweil, Fort Miley, Presidio of San Fran-
cisco, San Francisco. San «Francisco." Cal.,
' lor thlpment to Honolulu, II. T.. and Depot
€it Recruit* and Casuals. Angel Island, Cal..
Government reserves right to reject ur accept
any or all bids i.t^whole or in part. Prefer-
ence riven to articles of. American produc-
. tion. condition* of prices ar.d quality (includ-
ing !n the price of foreign productions the
; duty thereon) l>e:ns <-ciuaS, -end s-.rch prefer-
ence srlven to article* of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific -Coast, to. the
. extent o? rwworrtpUap r»qui^:d by the pabllc
•'Ffrviee th'-re. All lnforma?.on furnished on
applications to WILLIAM S. PATTEN. As-
Fistant Qucrtertr.aster General, Chief Quar-
termaster. I_£ll-
ST^TTEn^G^AKO STAMMERING.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness &~MarkelC
is taught *ielebret*<d Melbourne system; only
Melbcurre in U. S.: private; established 3
yeart in S. F. Tel. Mlr.t trom 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE JJCKXSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: .-•••¦.
Richard B. ISrock, 22. city, and £mils P
Zellrier. 21. city. ,_- . •
Sol Rosenthal. 21. 13S6 Ellis street, and
L'-ilita Liebes 19. 1740 Ellis etreet.
Matts W. Mattscn. 26. 50 Zoe Btreet. and
Inseborg • Teir. Zi. 1234 FSimore street.
Frank M. Marquis, 1*7, Petaluma, and Llda
Acker. 27, Akron, Ohio.
Joseph P. Kfssler. 27, NHes, and Hanna M
Jwster, 22, 40C Oak etreet.
Samuel Gillan. 22. Richmond, and Katherlne
' L. Cfccrt. 21, Grants Pa?s. Or.
Forest R. ?t ire wait. 19. Traver. and Mamie
tt. Olebert. 18. 1M3 Jackson street.
Alexander D. Brill. 21. S)A Chattanooga st.
end Theresa Fernandez. IK, 2G8 Jersey etreet.
Joseph M. Soto; 27, Madera, acd Kittle P
Biatton, 32, Madera.
I>»n B. Reynolds, 22, Oakland, and Belle
Williams. 31, Philadelphia. Pa.
Mathews A. Carlson. 39 Avery street, and
Lydla Mosebenr. 20, 161 Sixth avenue.
Thcmas J. Nolan, 22," 732 Anderson street
ar.d Anita Hcnnesry. 18, 70S«4 Tehama street!
Charles C. Plster, 29. 914 Greenwich street,
«nd Lena Bock. 23. 402 Francisco street.
Warren L. Schufelt, 24, 11(3 Valencia st..
pr.d Bessie M. Perry. 20. 11% Fair avenue.
¦ John E. McKeany, 2L 1CC9 Alabama street,
end Catherine A. Foley, 18, 3247 Harrison st
King Edward Lindstrom. 25. Fresno, and
Alma Anaerjbn. 19, Fresno.
John Grotscb. S3, 100 Franklin street, and
Minnie Stock, 22, Paradise Valley, Nev.
L Frederick Zecher. 25. 1821 Powell gt.,
end' Rosa F. Schmidt 23 706B Guerrero rt.
Charles F. Meidrlck 33, 12SS Union street,
and Grace Sachs, 28. 1288 Union street.
Arthur Samuel. 28. Stockton, and Lillian A.
Hull. 23. Lodl.
James Short. -4S. 1353 Bush etreet, and Kath-
erlne Walsh. 28. 2233^4 Sutter street.
Francis I. Klnffwell, 2L city, and Eliza-
beth Ohea. 18. city.
Samuel M. Hall. 22, 160 Seventh etreet. and
Emily H. Lage. 18. 1521% Market atreet.
Lulgi Vllliborsrhl. 32, 647 Davis street, and
Bota etelner, 28, 437 Fifteenth street. • ¦
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves, piers 9 and 11.
San Francisco:
For Ketchikan. "Wrangel.
Juneau, Halnes, Bkag-i.iy,
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m. Juno
19. 24. 2U. July 0. Change to
Company's steamers at Se»
attle.
For Victoria, Vancouver*
Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett.
Bellingham— 11 a. m.. June 19. 2J. July 3.
Chanie at Seattle to this CSompany's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For EureKa (Humboidt Boy) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. June 21. 27. July 3. Corona, 1:30 p. a..
June 18. 24 ' 30, July 6.
For Los Angeles (vio Port Loa Angeles an*
Redondo). San Di?ro and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey San Simeon, Cayuccs, Port Harford (San
Luis *Oblspo). Ventura and Huenemet
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. June 16, 24. July 2.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., June 20, 2S. July 6.
For Ensenada Magdalena Bay. San Joss d*1
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Ro-
salia, Guayroas (Mex.). 10 . m., 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS, Season 1904— Th«
palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria July 0. 19.
Aug 2, 16.
For further Information pbtaln folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers cr sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st (Palace Hote!). 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way wharvps. Freisrht Office, 10 Market st.
C D DUNNAN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
—AND—
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S. ST. PAUL
CAPTAIN C. E. LINDQUIST.
(Carryics U. S. Mails.)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
MONDAY. JULY II. 2 P. M.
Connecting with the Company's Steamers t*f
All BERING SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with th- Company's River Steamers
for Fairbanks and all points on KOYUKLK.
TANANA and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
JTOETHEEST COltMERCIAX. CO..
519 Crossley bulldlne. cor. Mission and New
Montgomery sts., San Francisco.
O. /?- & N. CO.
COLUMBIA sails June 28. July «, 181 -28.
Auc B. 15. 23. GEO. W. ELDER sails July
1 ll. 21 31. Aus. 10. 20. 80. Only steamship
line to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail lt»s
from Portland to all points East. Through
tickets to all points. Steamer tickets Include
berth and meals. ¦ Steamer sails foot ot Spear
st. at lla. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery it.
eceaaics.5xo.s^!s
S. 9. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 m.
S S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Au*.k-
*land and Sydney. Thursday, July 7. 2 p. m.
8. 8. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 16, 11 am.
J.D.SPRE CKELS & BSOi Ca.Ajti.TiC&t 0105 513 'Hi-
itt FrsiiHi OSes 323 Marat it.. PigJ.Pirtl; i:.
lOSFAQXIE GEirEftALS TSAN3ATI.1NTIQS1
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. jr^ay**
Palling every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. va., from Pier 42. *———»'
North River, foot of Morton »t.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson buildiag).
New York. J. T. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Franciscoi.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To XX. S. VtATT Tard and Vallejo.
BTMRS. GEN. FRISBIE. MONTICELLO ani
ARROW— 9:45 A. M.. 12:3O noon, 3:13 P.
M., «:0O P. M.. 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday);
Sundays 9:45 A. M.. 8:30 P. M. Leave Val-
lejo 7:00 A. M.. 9:00 A. M.. 13:3O NOON.
8:15 P. M.. 6:00 P. M. (ex. Sunday): Sun-
days 7:00 A. M.. 4:13 P. M. Landtaf and
office. Pier 2. foot Mission »t Phone Mala
1508. HATCH BROS.
To U. S. Nary Tard and Vallejo.
Etmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay at., north end ot ferry bid;. — W«ek days.
»:S0 A. M.. 3 and •« P. M.; Sundays, »:30
A. M.. 8 P. M. .Leave Vallejo— Week days.
6:30 A. M.. 12:20 and 6:30 P. M.; Sundays. J
P. M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rates.
Sundays to Vallejo, C.lea Cove and Martinez.
BOo round trip. PIPER. ADEN GOOD.VLti
CO.. ubone aiala 6U. 'Saturday, tzes^tsd. ;_,
BIBTHS-^MABIilAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices irat by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b»
indorsed with the name and residenca of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement'
of the event are published ones In thla column
free of charge. . ¦_
_____ ,
BOARDMAN— In this city, June 28. 1904. to
the wife of William A. T3oardman, a dautb-
t«r.
MARRIED.
IjARSEN— BRABAZEN— In Oakland, C*U
June 27, 1904, by the Rev. E. R- Dille,
Julius F. Larsen. U. S. N.. of Vallejo, CaL.
and Rosa Brabazen of Berkeley, Cal.
LINDEMANN— ANSORGE— In Alameda. Cal..
June 27, 1904, by tha Rev. W. Brandes, pas-
tor of Christ Lutheran Church, Frani L.
Llndemana and Frledericke Ansorgre, both of
Alameda.
LINy— POTTER— In Oakland, Cal., June 18,
1904, by tha Rev. E. R. Dille, Carl Joseph
Linn of San Francisco and Abigal Potter of
Cnamberino, New Mexico.
SHAT— McCALL — In this city. June 27, 1904.
by the Rev. H. H. Bell. John H. Shay and
M*1es Rose A. McCall, both of thla city.
DIED.
Barry. Joseph Miller. George W.
Behrens, Jesse Morris, Martin
Brannan. Mary A. -Murray. Fannie
Urekle. Mary Mursch. Eleanors,-
Carson. Robert H Philllpe. Minnie V.
rhase. William G. Pnyborowskl, Leota
Danforth, Eva May Reilly. Andrew
Dillon, Nano Ridge. Thomas D.
Fabbl. Dr. H. Ruddock. F, L.
Fletcher. Annie Eeymour. Simon H.
Hampson. Olive A. Pplro. Josie
Hurd. Elsie May Thorn. Anna
Jacobs, Ruth C. Vahle. John
Lyons. Cornelius Walker. Ralph H.
McVlcker. Alexander Walsh. John F.
McGlnley, James
BARRY— In this city. June 26, 1904. Joseph
Harry, beloved brother of the late David.
Michael and Dan Barry, a native of Ireland,
aged 72 years.
It^Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from James Me-
Manus' funeral parlors. Seventh and Castro
streets, Oakland, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
said for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 3:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery. Oakland.
BEHRENS— In Los Angeles, Cal., June 26,
J9O4. Jesse Behrens, dearly beloved son of
Adolph and Minna Behrens, a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 years and 9 months.
BRANNAN — In the City and County Hospital,
Jun e 27, 1904, Mary A. Brannan. a native
of Ireland, seed &S years.
BREKLE— In this city, June 27. 1904, Mary,
beloved wife of the late Fredrick Brekle,
and loving mother of Fred. George, Willla
and Olga Brekl©. Mrs. W. J. Taber and
Mrs. J. H. McCoy, and sister of Louis and
George Meyerback, Mrs. C. Johnson and
Mrs. S. Farrell, a native of San "Francisco,
aped 48 years 2 months and 21 days.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late
residrnce, 2930 Fulton street, between Fifth
and Sixth avenues. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
CARSON— In this city. June 28. 1904. Robert
E. Carson, a native of London. England,
aged 62 years. A member of Austrian Be-
nevolent Society and Templar Grove No. 19,
V. A. O. D.
tCTF'^nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Incited to -attend the funeral to-day
• Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Druid's
Hall, 413 Sutter street. Interment Cyprese
Lawn Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
Valente, Marir.l & Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
CHASE— In this city, June 28. 1904, William
G. Chase, husband of Mrs. Ella Chase, and
¦ father of MIks Alma Chase and Mrs. J. R.
Molera, a native of Springfield. Maine.
IC^ Interment prviate.
DANFORTH— In Oakland. Cal.. June 28. 1904.
at her residence, 1257 Filbert Eva
May Danforth, a native of California.
DILLON— In this city. June 27, 1904, Nano
Dillon, wife of John Dillon, and beloved
mother of Thomas I., Marie C. and Kate M.
Ulllon, a native of Caehel, Ireland, aged t>4
vears.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-Qay
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, 21*62 Stelner Ftreet, thence to St.
~ Vincent de Paul's Church. Green and Steiner
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her eoul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
FABBI— In the City of Mexico. June 28, 1904,
Dr. H. Fabbl. beloved husband of Annie
Fabbl (ne« Draghicevlch). (San Jose And
Santa Clara papers please copy.)
(CTInterment In Mexico.
FLETCHER— In this city. June 27, 1904, An-
nie, beloved wife of James Fletcher, and
sister of Mrs. Pool.' a native of Germany,
ac»d 4« years.
IC7"rhe funeral will take place to-dcy
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7 Mission
6treet. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HAMPSON— In this city, June 2S. 1904, Olive
A., beloved wife of the late Henry A. Hamp-
ton, and mother of John H., George H.,
R. I. and Mae E. Hampaon, a native of
Ohio, aged 54. years 2 months and 14 days.
HURD — In this city, June 2S, 1904. Elsie May,
beloved wife of George H. Hurd, daughter
of M. B. and the late Jennie C. Schofleld,
and sister of W. F. and Ida G. Schofleld, a
native of Canada. (Montreal and Sherbrooke,
Quebec, Canada, and Petaluma, Cal., papers
please copy.)
IC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1726 Devisadero street, between Sut-
trr and Bush. Interment private.
JACOBS — In this city. June 2S. 1904, Ruth C.
dearly beloved daughter of Isaac and Rosa
Jacobs, and beloved sister of Harold, Syd-
ney and Adelle Jacobs, a native of San
Francisco, aged 14 years 1 month and 25
days.
it>"Friends and acquaintances ai* respect-
ful^ Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, and
thence by 11:30 o'clock train to Hills of
Kternity Cemetery for Interment.
LYONS — In this city. June 27. 1!K>4, Cornelius,
beloved husband of Catherine Lyons, and
loving father of Michael J.. Helena C, Mar-
paret F. and Josephine L. Lyons, Mrs. D.
U. Starrett. Mrs. J.. T. Hefferman and Mrs.
A. M. Starrett. and the late Frank and Cor-
nelius Lyons, a native of County Cork Ire-
land, aged 0U years. (Cork. Ireland, and St.
Louis papers please copy.)
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, S48 Fremont Ftreet, thence to St.
Urendan's Church, where a requiem high
mats will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .-/¦.,
McVICKER— In this city, June 26. 1904*
at his residence, 56 Chesley street, Alex-
ander McVlcker, beloved husband of Ann
E. McVicker (formerly Cousins), and father
of Alex N. McVlcker Jr. and Mrs. Maggie
Bolger. a native of Cushlndall, County An-
trim, Ireland. A member of the LongFhore
Lumbermen's Protective Association Local
224. (Dublin. ¦ Ireland, Freeman and New
York papers please copy.)
CTFrit-nds and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday).' at S::i0 o'clock, from his late
residence. No. 5(» Chetl-y street, thence to
tit. Joseph's Church, where a sotemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MoGINLEY— In this city, June 28, 1904 James
McGlnley, beloved brother of Mrs. A
Sharkey, a native of Ireland, aged 50 years!
MILLER— In Redwood City. Cal.. George W
Miller, a native of Connecticut, 56 years of
age. -
E7"Nct!ee of funeral hereafter. \
MORRIS— In the City and County ' Hospital
June 28. 1904, Martin Morris, a native of
New York, aged 40 years. .
MI'RRAY— In this city, June 27, 1004. Fannie
Murray, a native of Ireland, aged 66 years.
MURSCH— In this city. June 28. 1904 Elea-
nora Munich, beloved wife of the late Jacob
Mursch. and mother of the late Carl Jutke
a native of Germany, aged 66 years 3 months
ard-0 days.
EyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
PHILLIPS— In this city, June 28. 1904, Minnie
V.. beloved wife of Arthur R. Phillips
mother of Edith Phillips, daughter of Mr
and Mrs. J. J. Cass. and t Ister of Lewis
Cass, a native of Sacramento, ¦ Cal aged
29 year* 7 months and 3 days. *
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate
avenue, thence to St. Boniface's Church on
(Jolden Gate avenue, near Jones street where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul. . commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. » .
PRZYBOROWSKI— In this city. June 28 1904
Leota. dearly"" beloved and only child o'f Syl-
UN1TBD UNDERTAKERS^
Funeral Directors and Embalmers— —
Formerly- In Metropolitan Tempi*.
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 167
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate rates.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
¦ {Successors to - Flannapan & ¦ Gallagher
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mkt.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND. EMBALMERS
SO Fifth et., opposite Lincoln School. '
Telephone South 80. . . •
Jamei McGinn, Henry Hanaen. . I
JAMES McGINN A CO.. I
Formerly With McGinn Bros., 1
— Funeral Directors and Embalmers- I
~~ 214 Eddy st.: Tel. South B76. I
re«ter and Mats Przybofowskl, a native of
Ean Francisco, aged 4 months and 5 days. -
(CFrlends and acquaintance! are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from. the residence
¦ of her parents. 27 Watervlllo street, near
Silver avenue (San Bruno road). Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
REILLY— In this city. June 26. 1904, Andrew
Reilly, dearly beloved brother of Maggie and
Bessie Rellly, Mrs. Jean Sabarroa and Mrs.
M. McCarthy, a native of the parish of
Knocknlnny, County Fermanagh, Ireland,
aged 26 j earn.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock from the par-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mlselor
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will : be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
• 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
A. O. H. Division No. 2 — The officers and
members of this division are hereby notified
to meet at 777 ' Mission street to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock to attend the
funeral of our late brother. Andrew Rellly.
y JAMES SMITH, President.
M. DOLAN, Recording Secretary.
P. O. E.— Golden Gate Aerie No. 61: Of-
cers and members of this aerie are requested
to attend the funeral of our deceased brother,
Andrew Reilly, this (Wednesday) morning,
at 9 c'clock, from 777 Mission street.
LOUIS CHESTER, President.
A. A. VAN HORENBERG, Secretary. . ;
RIDGE— In the City and County Hospital.
June 28, 1904, Thomas D. Ridge, a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 64 years. . /
RUDDOCK— In this city. June 28, 1904, Fred-
erick L., dearly beloved husband of Bailie
Ruddock <nee Lennon), and devoted and
only son of Mr. and Mrs. George Ruddock,
a native of Saa Francisco, aged 26 years.
ICyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, . from his lata
residence. 913 Florida street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of bis soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Crosa Cemetery.
SEYMOUR — At Bartlett Springs, Cal.. June
26, 1904, Simon 11., beloved husband of Susan
C. Seymour, a native of Germany, aged 76
years.
(ETFriMids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 1:30 p. m., at Ma-
ecnic Temple, corner of Post and Montgor.i-
ery streets, under the auspices of Occidental
Lodge No. 22, F. and A. M., and Golden Gate
Commandery No. 16 as escort. • Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
BPIRO— In this city. June 2S, 1904, Josle. bo-
loved daughter of George and Etta Spiro,
and elster of Mary Splro, a native of San
FranciBco, Cal., aged 6 months and 10 days.
IU? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her par-
ents' residence, 251% Ninth street, between
Folsom and Howard. Interment Servian
Montenegrin Cemetery.
THORN— In this city, June 26, 1904, Anna,
dearly beloved wife of Benjamin K. Thorn,
and dearly beloved mother of Mrs. E. Soher
and Mrs. S. Tilden, and sister of Mrs. L.
Ross and R. G. Meeks, a native of Wiscon-
sin, aged 66 years 8 months and 26 days.
(Calaveras papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the
residence of her daughter. Mrs. E. Soher,
No. 726 California street, thence to the First
Congregational Church, corner of Post and
Mason streets, where services will be held
at 1 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery, by carriage.
VAHLE— In Stockton. Cal., June 27, 1004,
John, father of John F. Vahle and Mrs.
L. D. Smith of Sacramento, a native of Ger-
many, aged 75 yeare.
"WALKER— In San Mateo. Cal.. June 27, 1904,
Ralph Harold, son of Mr. and Mrs. David
F. Walker, and brother of Margaret and
Clarence Walker, -aged 17 years and 7
months. (Salt Lake papers please copy.)
CZTFuneral at Cypress Lawn, from the
residence of th e parents at San Mateo, by
electric car, at 2 p. m. to-day (Wednesday).
"WALSH— In this city. June 28, 1904. John
Francis, beloved son of Timothy and Mary
Walsh, and loving brother of Mary, Andrew
and Lizzie Walsh, a native of Boston, Mass.,
aged 28 years and 5 months.
LT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrcw
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. No. C2 Cook Btreet. thence to
Holy Cross Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.\ Chicago. ¦'
CHICAGO, June 28.— CATTLE— Receipts,
8000: market firm; good to prime steers.
$5 6O@6 63; poor to medium. , $4 5005 50;
, stockers and feeders, $2 25@4 SO; cows. $1 50@
1 4 50; heifers. $2©5 25; canners. $1 5O©2 80;
; bulls, $2<@4 25; calves, $2 50-3 5 75; Texas fed
i steers, $4 90®5 25. " . .¦ '•
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 18,000; to-morrow,
i 30,000; market weak to 5c lower; mixed and
I butchers, $5 20Q5 33;- good to choice heavy,
$5 35@5 45; rough heavy. $5 10-35 23; light,
1 $5 200? 5 30; bulk of sales, $5 201J5 35.
: SHEEP — Receipts, 10,000: sheep and lambs.
steady; good to choice wejhers, $4 25@5;fair
to choice mixed, $3 50®4 50; Western sheep.
$3 50tj4 75; native lambs, |4$7; Western
lambs, 84©5 25.
Omaha.
OMAHA^ Nebr.. June ' 28. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts. ¦ 2700; market steady; native steers.
$4 5u@6 20; cows . and heifers. $3Q4 65; can
ners, $1 7545:2 75: stockers and feeders. S2 50®
4 13; calves, $2 5035 50; bulls, $2 50®4 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 13,000; market 0c lower:
heavy. $5 10«5 20: mlxecf.v $5 03g>5 10; light,
$305 12%; pigs, $4 50«5; bulk of sales,
$5 05®5 12%. ¦ , -
SHEEP — Receipts, .4500; market steady;
.Western yearlings.-"' $4 50<S5 20: wethers.
$4 25@5 10: ewes. $3 25@4 50: common and
stockers, $3®4J5; lambs, $5 50@7.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June" 28.— CATTLE—
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
heavy, 10%c for light medium. 12 %o for light.
13%c for extra light and 10c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. I3%e: Cali
fornia Hams. 12 %c: Mesa Beef. $10*}
10 5O per bbl; extra Mess. $11Q!1 50: Family.
$12S12 50; prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra
clear. $21; Mess $17 CO; Dry Salted Pork. 3','-;
Pig Pork. $24; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Bttl.
14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at &81%c per A for
common and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9>ic; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9 T ,c; 3-lb tins.
10c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c: thre*
half barrels, 8%e: one tierce. 8%c; two tlercea.
Sc; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Flidcs, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The Hide market is quoted steady, with th»
tanners taking pretty much all of the receipts,
chiefly on account of their quality, which ia
now very good. Quotations are unchanged.
Hops are quiet and unchanged. Choice spot
Hops are reported scarce. Not much contract-
Ing Is reported at the moment.
The Wool market continues in good condition
In sympathy with steady to firm Eastern mar
kets
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands «etl
about %f?lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers 9%c; medium. 8%c; light. 8c; Cowr
Hides. 8c for heavy and Sc for light; Stag*.
6c; Salted Kip 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salt-4
Calf, lie; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip 13c; dry
Calf, 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 2Mr3Oc each:
short Wool. 40<iti5c each: medium. 70<8»c: long
Wool. $1@1 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $-";- 50 for medium. $1 25gl 73 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hide*, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $191 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — t>ry
Mexican. 30c: dry Salted Mexican. 23c; dry
Central American. 3fr®M2%c. Goat Sktns^ —
Prime Angoras. 75c; targe and smooth. 50c;
medium. 35c: small. 20c. ¦
TALLOW— No. 1 rendTvl. 4^64 %c per lb;
No. 2 3%*»4c; grease. 2iiS-Tc.
WOOL — Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo
dno. 17f?19c: San Joaquin and Southern. 12
months'. 10«312c; do 7 months'. OUllc per lb;
Middle Counties. 13'517c for free and 129 15c
for defective: Northern. lrt^lSc for free and
14316c for defective; Nevada. 13@16c. accord-
Ing to condition.
HOPS — Nominal at 25if27%c per lb for Cali
fornia. 19«T3. Contracts for 1904 crop are quoted
at 17%©2Oc. ¦_;¦ .:>,
Meat Market.
The situation remains about as befor*
quoted. Mutton and Lamb continue very nnn
under light supplies, as the receipts of State
Sheep are insignificant and Nevada has not
yet begun to ship into this market. Good
Beef is fairly steady, but thin Steers and Cows
are weak and selling down to 5c. Live Steers
are lower, while live Sheep and Lambs are
higher. Small Hogs are weak, with receipts
In excess of the demand.
DRESSED MEAT.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF— 6%§7c for Steers and MJCc per ll>
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7©Sc; small. 8<89%c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7%«3%c; Ewes. «%9
7%c per lb.
LAMB— fc-g9%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%6S%c per IV
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco. less SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers 7>.»®7%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 6%«7c; thin Cows. 4§3c per lb.
CALVES — ««4%c per lb fgross weight).
SHEEP— Weth.ers. 3%93%c; Ewes. 3®31 4 O
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 30<a2 75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 14t> to 20O lbs. 4%c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c: 1^0 lbs and under. 4%c;
over 250 lbs. 4V 4 c: soft Hogs, nominal; Sow*.
20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off. and
Stags. 40 per cent off from above o.uotatlon*.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5%c; San Quentln.
$5 40; Wool Bags. 32tJ33c; Fleece Twin*.
7©8c
CANNED FRUIT — The California Fruit
Canners" Association quotes the following price*
for the 1904 pack:
~~~~"~ " a « f ?
FRUITS. * if* I, I 2
I I f\\
» 1 • • I •
Apples $1 55$l 3O'$t 20 $1 U
Apricots I J11 1 a 1 13 1 fJ
Do peeled 1 »0t 1 «5 |
Do sliced 190,165 ....
Blackberries 1 60* I 35 1 25 I 13
Cherries Royal Anne.. 2 10J 1 80) 1 «5i 1 33
Do white 2 00 1 63! 1 50f 1 30
Do! black 1 8O< 1 63| 1 5Oi 1 30
Grapes. Muscat 1 M 1 l'V 1 f;O 80
Nectarines 1 5Oi 1 251 1 131 1 03
Peaches Yellow 1 75! 1 35 1 25 1 13
Do. Lemon Cling 2 OOi 1 23 1 1 50 t 33
Do. L C. sliced 2 00* 1 73 1 SO 1 33
Do. White Heath 1 83 1 60 I 43( 1 30
Do. W H.. sliced 1 85 1 «0 1 45j 1 3C
Pears. Bartlett 190 160*140(123
Plums. Green Gage 1 35 1 10 1 00 90
Do. Egg 1 35 1 lOt 1 00 90
Do. Golden Drop 1 35 1 lOf 1 00! 90
Do Damson 1 40< 1 IS 1 08! 1 «
Raspberries 230^2 23|200jlM
Strawberries 2 00' 1 75; 1 60| 1 4C
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2%-lh
standards. 7O?i75c: gallon standards. $2 13; 3-lk
solid pack. $1. Green Peas — Baby petit pois.
$1 50; petit pois. $1 35: extra sifted. $1 13;
standard sifted. $1; standards. 85c: Marrow
fats. 82 %e; gallon sifted. $4 23: gallon stand
ard ' $3 75- f. o. b. gan Francisco.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $8: Seattle $6 50; Bryant. $6 30: Beavet
Hill . $5 5O; Stanford. $7: Roslyn. S7: CVoi
Bay! $3 50; Greta $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 la bulk and $14 23 la
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $3 30 per ton; Coke. $11 3C@12
per ton tn bulk and $15 In sacks; Rock}
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 20o0 lbs anc
$12 SO per long ton according to brand.
PACDTIC CODFISH— A cargo of 2O4.COO Kisfc
U Just In from Pirate Cove. Bundle*, per lb,
4%c; cases, regular, 3%c: cases extra large.
fli«e: Eastern style. 6^«c; boneless. «Hc; "Nor
way." 6%c; "Narrow Gauge," *%c: "Silver
King." 7%c; blocks. "Oriental." «VtC; block*.
"Seabright." 6%c: tablets, 7c: middle*. 7©tHiC:
fancy boneless. 8>4'88%c: pickled Cod. bbls.
$7 50: pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 25; Plratt
Cove Cod Liver OH. per doien pints. $fl; pei
gallon. $3 23. leas 10 per cent.
CORDAGE^ — The local company quotes as fol
lows 60 days or % per cent discount for cash,
no sales under 10.000 lbs: Manila. 14%c
Sisal 10V»c: Duplex, 9V 4 c; Bale Rop#. llkfl
ll%c per lb
COFFEE^ — Costa Rica— 14-913%e for strtctlj
prime to fancy washed; 12^«13%c for prirn«
washed: 11%©12'4c for good washed: HHSa
for good to prime washed peaberry: lO«6Uc
for good to prime peaberry: H312%c for good
to prime; OQlC%c for fair; 74£3%c for com
mon to ordinary. --V „..'!
Salvador— 14ftl4%c for fancy washed: 12V.4
lSUc for strictly prime washed: 10%3l2c foi
good to prime washed: OClOc for fair washed.
1O4J12M-C for fair to prime washed peaberrr:
ftW.<S10%c for good to prime semi -washed; 8fl
9iic for superior unwashed: 8V.««%c for goo*
green unwashed: 9%610e for good to superiot
im washed peaberry; 7@Se for Inferior to or-
Nicaragua — Nominal: HVi<}l3c tor pr'me
to* fancy washed: !*B'tO%c for f-»!r to strict!)
good washed: *VifZS%e for good to supertoi
unwash<d; 0>*filCe for good to prime un
washed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 14$13c for fancj
Stocks — Salen. Hirh. Low. Close
Atchlson 3.200 72% 72% 72%
Atchlson prd 2,700 9« 05^ 957^
Bait te. Ohio 1.300 79% 78% 79%
Bait A Ohio pfd 91
Canadian Pacific... 7.800 124% 123% 123%
Central of N J 162
Che*ap & Ohio 200 30% . 30% 30%
ChJ & Alton .... ' 37
Chi * Alton pfd x. 78
CM * G Western 13%
Chi * Northwestn. .... .... 169
Chi Mil & St Paul. 1.600 142% 142Vi 142«4
Chi Mil & Pt P pfd 177
Oil Term & Trans. 100 6 6 6%
Cbl Term & T pfd X5%
NEW YORK. June 2S. — The current dearth
of orders for execution in the stock market
prompted the Stock Exchange authorities to
order the exchange closed for the short Satur
day session preceding Monday, July 4. Pro
fessional operators are habitually disinclined
to enter upon speculative commitments on
the eve of a holiday on account of their feel
ing that any sudden occurrence calculated to
affect the market violently would leave them
at a disadvantage in the prolonged Interval.
with no market available in which to take
measures for their protection or for their ad
vantage.
Many stocks usually prominent were not
dealt In at all and those which were dealt In
drifted Idly % up or % down. Very few
stocks developed sufficiently in headway to
clAr the c?st of a broker's commission on a
rum. Talk of retrenchment on railroad lines,
notably the Baltimore and Ohio, and the re*
ported reduction In working force by a large
locomotive company, were regarded as In
dicative of business contraction. Con
ciusions to be drawn from the weekly crop
bulletin proved rather baffling, but the fall In
wheat left no room for much disturbance over
the crops. London reported prospects for a
revived market with the passing of the stock
market settlement and of the half yearly set
tlements. $4 V4 H
The dwindling of the bond market Is a dis
appointment to those hoping for Improvement
etarting from that department. Movements
*¦•' many dormant Issues suggest an Investment
search, but the usually active list of bonds
shows some declines in prices and a number of
gaps where no transaction at all is recorded.
Tftal tales. $2.Cto.OOO.
United State* Government bonds were pn
chan;ed on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Nezv York Stock Market.
1 NEW YORK. June 28. — Money on call was
vtry easy at l@l'.i per cent: closing bid, 1%
per cent; offered. 1% per cent.. Time money
1 was easy, with sixty and ninety day loans at
» 2 j *t cent and six months at .if?-? 1 * per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 3%@4 per cent. Ster
ling exchange was heavy, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4.8725 for demand and at
$4.6530 for sixty-day bills. Posted rates.
$4 86$4 88. Commercial bills. $4 85V4- Bar
silver. 56%c. Mexican dollars. 46c Bonds —
Governments, steady; railroads, irregular.
Nexu York Money Market.
C C C & St Louis 69
Ctlo Southern .... SOO 16 15% 15%
Cclo South let prd 48%
Colo South 2d pfd. 100 20 20 20 '
Del & Hudson ... 400 155% 154% 155
Del Lack & West. 270
Denver & R G . . . i00 21 21 21
Denver & R G pfd 66%
Erie SCO 23% 23% 23%
Hrl e 1st pfd 58
Eric 2d pfd .... 34%
Hooking Valley 64'
Hocking Val pfd 82
IJIinMs Central ... 3C0 132 131"; 131%
It »a Central • IS
. In »-a Central pfd 34
i K C Southern 21&
K C Southern pfd 42%
. I>"uis & Nash 300 109% 100% lwU
: Mai.hattan It 143
Metropolitan Seeu.. "00 T'1% 76% 76
Metropolitan St Ry 7.800 109% 107"* 10HV4
: Minn & St Louis.. 100 43% 43% 42
; M StP & Sit Ste M. 65%
M SrtP&SltSt M pfd 200 12-1 123 122%
Missouri Pacific .. 1,200 02% 02% U2$4
Mo Kan & Texas 16%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 100 36% 36% 36%
'Nt R R of Mex pfd «fi%
N Y Central 115%
Norfolk & Western 100 55?, 65% *°\
Norfolk & W pfd 85
Ontario & Western. 1.000 26% 20% 26ig
Pennsylvania 2.500 115% 115% 115U
Pitts C C & St L 58
Reading 2.60O 47 46% 4«T«
Reading 1st pfd •• • - fi 2
Reading 2d pfd '. 67
Rock Island Co ... 100 20% 20% 20U
Rock Island Co pfd «4%
St L & S F "d prd 45
S». Louis S W 100 11% 11% 11%
St LouiB S W pfd. 600 28 27% 27%
Southern Pacific .. 8.UW 4fi% 46% 40%
Southern Railway.. 700 21 >,i 21% 21%
Southern Ry pfd .85
Texas & Pacific 22^»
Tol St L & West.. 100 24% 24% 24
To! St L ft W pfd 37
Union Pacific 7.S0O SS% S7?i 8S
I Union Pacific pfd 92
! Wabash 13%
Wabash pfd 3:{ *4
; W & Lake Erie 15
Wisconsin Central ">%
'< Wisconsin Cen pfd. 200 37% 37% C.%
Mexican Central... 1.400 7% 7% 7%
Express Companies — ;
! Adams 2.5
1 American 1S3
United States 10*
i Wells-Fargo 2U5
Miscellaneous —
¦Amalgam Copper.. 2.300 SOU <9% *>%
Am Car ft Found.. 700 16% 16% 18&
i Am Car & F pfd 71
: Am Cotton OH 26
: Am Cotton Oil pfd ,
i American Ice * r %
i American Ice pfd.. 100 26% 26% 26%
I Am Linseed OH 7
j Am Linseed Oil pfd 24%
! Amer Locomotive.. 100 18% 1S% ! . 18%
i Amer Loco pfd 83
i Am Smelt & Ref . . 1.000 54% 54H HU
Am S & Ref pfd.. 1.100 96^ 9«S% 06%
Amer Sugar Ref... 400 126% 120% 12«%
Anaconda MinCo.. 400 72 72 72U
Brklyn Rap Trans. 4.900 48% 47 T » 4S%
1 Colo Fuel & Iron "0
Consolidated Gas.. 100 194 134 193%
Corn Products 300 11 11 10%
, Corn Products pfd. '. 65
I Distillers* Sees 300 23 23 22%
General Electric •*«*
1 International Paper U'4
: Int^rntl Paper pfd 67Tj»
I International Pump 25" 8
InterntI Pump pfd 72
I National Lead 100 19% 19% 19* 8
'North American 82
' Pacific Mall 24%
People's Gas 200 97% 97% 97%
PresFed St«?<>l Car.. 100 27^i 27 Vi 27
Pressed S Car pfd 70
! Pullman Palace Car 217%
Republic Steel «>U
I Republic Steel pfd. 100 40'4 40 1 -; 40
I Rubber Goods 15%
Rubber Goods pfd 76
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 200 35 35 34%
U S Leather 100 6% 6% 6%
U S Leather pfd 79%
U S Realty 5%
V S Realty pfd 100 .in 59 58%
U S Rubber 200 16% 16% 16
U S Rubber pfd... 10O 6*5% 66% 65%
U S Steel 1.000 9% 0% 9%
I' S Steel pfd 10.200 65% 55% 5fi%
Westlnghouse Elec '152
Western Union 100 87 87 r 86%
Total sales 115,900 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. June 28. — Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Francisco, $10,000 at
?79 87%: ?20,000 at $80.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4, asked 4%; preferred, bid
3$ %, asked 38%.
: NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.lO4%lL & N unified 4s.l0l'»
Do coupon 105 V t j Man con gold 4s. 105
Do 3s reg 105% | Mex Central 4s... 64%
Do coupon 106 I Do 1st Inc 13%
Do new 4s reg. 132^ Minn & St L 4s. 95%
Do coupon 132%! M. K & Tex 4s.. 98%
Do old 4s reg. 106 1 Do 2ds 7S»i
Do coupon I07m NR of Mex con 4s 7ii%
j Atch gen 4s 102%! N Y C gen 3%s..lOO%
Do adj 4s 93% IN J C gen 5s 133%
Atlantic C L 4s. 97 I Nor Pac 4s 104"i
Bait & Ohio 4s..l02 T 4 Do 3s 74
Do 3%s 96%! Nor & W con 4s.lOU
I Central of Ga 5s.llO%tOSL 4s & partic. 57
Do 1st Inc 74%|Pa conv 3%s 9«%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lC5 I Reading gen 4s...lC0%
Chi & Alton 3%«. 79%|S L & I M con 5s.ll5%
I C. B & Q new 4s. 9« S L & S F fg 4s. S2T<
i CM & SP gn 4s.lOO%|St Louis SW lsts. 94%
C & NW con 7s. 128% I Seaboard A L 4s. »- - 8
C. R I & Pac 4s. 69 I So Pacific 4s 93%
Do col 5s 79% So Railway 6s 117%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01 Tex & Pac lsts.. 118%
Chi Term 4s 76 IT. St L & W 4«. 70%
1 Cons Tobacco 4s. til% Union Pacific 4s.. 105%
! Colo & So 4b 83%| Do conv 4s 93%
C F & I con 5s.. «9 (US Steel 2d 5s.. 75%
¦ Den * Rio G 4s.l0l Wabash lsts 117 VI
Erie prior lien 4s.lf>0 Do deb B 53%
Do gen 4s 86 W & L Erie 4s... 90%
F W A: D C lsts. 104% Wls Central 4s... 91
Hock Val 4%s...llO
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20[Llttle Chief 05
Alice 25IOphir 2 SO
Breece 10|Ontarlo ...3 25
Bruns Con 13| Phoenix 20
Com Tunnel 07lPotosl 07
Con Cal &. Va... 1 00! Ravage 04
Horn Silver 1 301 Sierra Nevada.... XI
Iron Silver 1 851 Small Hopes 20
LeadvlMe Con ... C2|Standard 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel '.. 9%| l
Call loans 2«3%|U S Steel pfd... 55^
Time loans 3'g4 j Westing Common. 76
Bonds — I Mining —
Atchlson 4s 101% I Adventure 1%
Do adj 4s 93VilAllouez 7Vi
Mex Central 4s..." 62 lAmal Copper 40% [
Railroads — | Amer Zinc 9% >
Atchlson 72HI Atlantic 7%
Do pfd 05%|Btngham 24
Boston & Albany. 24.1% i Calumet A Hecla.453
Boston & Maine.. 165 Centennial 20U j
Boston Elev .150 Copper Range 42% i
Fltchburg pfd 135 Daly Went 23U, !
Mex Central 7%|Dom Coal 40%,
N Y. N H & H..186 JFranklln 7 j
Pc re Marquette. . . 75 | Grancy 3 |
Union Pacific 87%IIsle Royale 7%!
Miscellaneous — IMass Mining .... 4 ;
Am*r Arge Chem. 13% Michigan 3%
Do pfd 73 Mohawk 40% 1
Amer Pneu Tube. 4^4 Mont Coal & Coke 4
Amer Sugar 12B%jOld Dominion ... 13
Do pfd 128%|Osceola «0
Amer Tel & Tel. 129%| Parrot 25
Amer Woolen ... 10 iQuincy 83
Do pfd 77% Shannon 5>£
Dom Iron * S... 7%|Tamarack 92
Ed Elect Ilium.. 2TI9% Trinity 4Ti
Gen Electric 153 U S Mining 20%
Mass Electric 19 IT S Oil »%
Do pfd 73 Utah 36H
Mase Gas 39% Victoria 2%
Un Shoe Mach... 49%|Wlnona fl%
Do pfd 29 I Wolverine 73
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 90% |N Y Central 119
Do for acct .... 90 Mil Nor &. Western... 57%
Anaconda 3%| Do pfd 89
Atchlson 74 Ont & Western... 27
Do pfd 98 Pennsylvania .... 59%
Bait A Ohio 81% Rand Mines 10V4
Can Pacific 127% Reading 24U
Ches & Ohio 31%| Do 1st pfd 42
Chi Great West.. 14^1 Do 2d pfd 34%
Chi. Mil & St P.14<Ui So Railway 23%
De Beers 19 Do pfd ........87 !
Den & Rio O 21% So Pacific 47% I
Do pfd 72% Union Pacific 8OV4 '
Erie 24 I Do Pfd 95 - j
Do 1st pfd..... 5!»%!U S Steel 10 1
Do 2d pfd R6 I Do pfd 56%
111 Central 135 iWabash 1 lfl%
Loul* ft Nash 112%! Do pfd 35
M. K & Texas... 17 I Spanish 4s ....... 87%
Bar silver — Steady. 26%d per ounce.
Money— 2% @3 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2H62U per certt and for three
months' bills 2MQ2 3-18 per cent.
;¦.<£¦; Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 28.— To-day' 8 state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve In the division of -redemption, shows
available cash balance. $164,701,245; gold, $63,
254.112.
Ne?v York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 28,— Futures opened
I EASTEBX MABKETS.
Le« Angeles... 29. S« 76 5S W Clear .00
Mt TamaU>ai».29.8t» 72 71 SW Clear \ .00
North Head...2».9S 62 48 NW Cloudy .00
Phpc-nlx 20.64 106 7« W Clear .00
Pt Reye? Lt..28.87 55 50 N Cloudy .00
Portland 29. S2 S« 5* NW Clear -CO
Red Bluff 29.70 9S 72 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg a>.82 K 56 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.7S 74 5S S Clear .00
I Salt Lake 29.84 8« 5« N Clear .00
Ean Francisco. 20. 90 64 54 W Pt.Cldy .00
San L. Oblspo.29.9i <l$ 52 W Clear .00
San Diego 29. 8« 70 62 NW Clear .00
Seattle 29. OS 80 52 NW Clear .00
' Spokane 29. &0 8S M W Clear .00
j Taioosh 3W.O4 58 48 W Cloudy .C*>
1 Walla Walla.. 2».8'i 02 «2 NW Clear .00
Winnemucca .29.7$ 5*2 52 N Clear .00
I Yuma 20.eS 104 70 S Clear- .00
i WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over Nevada
and Oregon. Cloudy weather prevails over
Northern California and conditions are favor
able for thunder showers in the Sierras.
It Is much cooler In the Sacramento Valley.
The following high winds are reported: Ncrth
Head. 3ti miles, from the northwest; Sacramen
to. 28. southwest, and Modena, 30. south.
Thunder storms are reported at Mcdena and
Flagstaff.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June 29:
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday;
probably showers In the mountains; fresh
southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday:
probably showers in the mountains; fresh
southwest wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday, possibly show
ers: cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day; fresh southerly wind.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Ji'heat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours, ending 5 p. m.,
120th meridian. San FrancUco, June 2S:
S = 3 I I
~ c - ~ S - £• —:
6TATI0NS. | 3 | 3 o £ = =
f i I f I
Cloverdale *5 64 7771 Clear
Eureka 56 50 W Cloudy .00
"Fresno 104 68 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Hanford 104 63 Clear .00
Holllster 71 54 W Clear .CO
King City 90 5.5 N Cloudy .00
Li vermore 87 53 Clear . U0 :
Los Angeles 76 58 W Clear .<<0 i
Merced 95 52 Clear .00
Napa 75 62 SW Clear .00
Newcastle 88 52 SE Clear .00
Newman 99 62 S Pt.Cldy .00
Porterville 99 C8 Clear .00
Red Bluff 98 72 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Riverside 91 53 Clear .00
Sacramento ..74 58 S Clear .00;
San Diego 70 62 NW Clear .00!
San Francisco 64 M W Pt.Cldy .00*
San Jose 84 54 Clear' .00
San Luis Oblspo ... 68 52 W Clear .CO!
Santa Maria 71 56 Clear .00 I
Santa Rosa 71 Clear .00
Stockton 76 60 W Cloudy T.
Willows 03 68 S Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS^
HoIIister — Early peaches ripening; light
crop; medium quality.
San Jose — Watsonvllle apples estimated 1000
cars.
l*alerrr.o — Hay baled and being marketed.
Napa — Corn looking flne.
Santa Maria — Cool, feggy morning; barley
threshing begun: very fair crop.
Riverside — Grapes are doing very well.
King City — Cloudy morning.
Coiusa — All crops in good condition.
Willows — Weather conditions still favorable
for all crcos.
Santa Rosa— Cool weather beneficial to
growing crop*.
Hanford — Heavy sandstorm last evening;
fruit and rraln doing nicely.
Livermcre— Beet crop at Pleasanton short
ened by ravages. of grub worms in May. \
Stockton — Light rain; no damage to fruit' as
yet. A. G. McADIE, Section Director-
CHICAGO. June 2S. — Bearish sentiment pre
vailed In .the wheat pit throughout the day.
At the start the market was affected 1 by the
easier tone of cables and by Improved weather
corUttions. The openinr -on September was
lower at SO%@S0*ic. A fair demand
for September caused the price of that option
to rally to 80^@.?lc. The weakness of July
soon caused a reaction in September. Foreign
advices were rather bearish. A feature of
lat»; trading was selling by Southwestern
houses. Reports that the severe drought In
Argentina had been relieved by the heavy rains
were effective tn keeping the bears in final
control, the market closing at about S0%c.
almost the lowest point reached. After selling j
dewn to SO'/ic September finished at 80%©
80 %C.
A comparatively firm tone was manifested
in the corn market, although prices made lit
tle change. September ripened a shade lower
Id a shade higher at 48US4S : « 8 c and closed at
4SVi@4S%c.
The feature of trading In oats was a little
liquidation of July by local holders. Septem
ber opened unchanged to a shade lower at
31%@31%c, sold to 32c and closed at 31%c.
Provisions were fairly active, the bulk of
trading being done In the way of changing
holdings of July to September. At the close
Siptember • pork wag down 12%c. lard off 5c
and ribs closed 7%©10c lower.-
The Board of TraHe will be closed Satur
day and Monday next. j
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — .Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat NO. 2—
July (old) ?«% R«*i 85% 85!*
July (new) 85* 85% 84% 84%
Sept (old) R2U 82% 82 82%
Sept (new) 80% 81 80% 80*»
Corn No. 2 — .
June •¦••'. ••• 47%
July 47% 48^ 47% 4S
September 4Sfc 4S% 4SV4 «% .•
Oats No. 2 —
June 40% 40% 40% 40%
July 38H 38V4 38 38%
September 31T4 32 31% 31T» :
December : 32 Vi 32% 32 V* Kttf
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 12 65 12 87% 12 60 12 60
September 12 95 13 15 12 90 12 00
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July « 92% 7 00 6 87% 6 87%
September 7 10 7 20 7 07% 7 07%
Short Ribs. p»r 100 lbs —
July 7 32% 7 42% 7 27% 7 27%
September ..:.. 7 55 7 62% 7 50 7 52%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. June 2S. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, quiet but steady; No. 2
spring wheat. 036970; No. 3. 85@©5c; No. 2
red, 0Sc@$l; No. 2 corn, 4S%c: No. 2 yellow,
49U@40V4c; No. 2 oats, 40%@40%c; No. 3 ,
white. 40@43%c: No. 2 rye. 65c; good feeding ,
barley. 32®35c; fair to choice malting, 42<@52c; 1
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 01; No. 1 Northwestern, I
$1 07: prime timothy »»ed, $2 95: mess pork, per
barrel, $12 Wii\'Z OS: lard, per 100 pounds. SO S3
©6 90; short ribs sides (loose), $7 12%@7 37%;
short clear sides (boxed), $7 25@7 60; whisky,
basis of high wines. $1 28; clover, contract
grade. $1 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24.300 24,900!
Wheat, bushels 20,000 84,900
Corn, bushels 644,500 36.S0O
Oats, bushels 255.200 142.500
Rye, bushels 4,000 S.000
Barley, bushels 25,200
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. June 28. — On the Produce Ex-
Chang* to-day the butter market was firm.
Creameries. 13%<317%c; dairies, 11%@16c.
Eggs, steady. 14@14%c. Cheese, steady to
firm, 7&SSC. 1 ¦
Future Grain and Provisions.
Exchange and Bullion.
All rates remain unchanged.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 ?«
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8.?
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 99
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12 Vt
Silver, per ounce — 56»fr
Mexican Dollars 46% @ 47
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 213
Berlin on London 20.40Vi
Paris on London 25.20Vi
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— There is no spot bus
iness to report, and In fact, the whole grain
carrying trade Is In a waiting condition. The
rate of 22s 6d for Europe fixed by the ship
owners' combine hangs over the market/ and
nobody wants to do anything until It is seen
whether this rate can be maintained or not.
Brokers say that to obtain a charter now a
ship would have to take 5s less than the com
bination rate. One thing is certain — either
Wheat must decline or the combination rate
must be reduced, for at the present price of
Wheat 22s 6d Is out of the question. The
chartered Wheat fleet in port has a registered
tonnage of 32S2. against 15,700 tons on the
. same date last year; disengaged, 79.400 tons,
against 87,600; on the way to this port. 254,700
tons, against 399.900.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were weak and
Paris futures firm. Broomhall's weekly re
port on crop conditions was as follows: United
: Kingdom, weather favorable, but crop thin;
1 France, prospects brilliant and a large yield
expected; Germany, drought relieved, with the
Imperial Statistical Bureau's report showing
i a condition June 15 of *2. against 74 last year;
[ Russia, fair, except too dry In the southeast;
Roumanla. unchanged; North Africa, Urge
yield expected.
The American Government report says -that
the condition of Spring Wheat is less prom
ising. Private cables from Argentina say that
the drought Is broken there.
Chicago was fractionally lower on the day,
with the cash situation still dull.
The San FrancUco market was weak and
unchanged, with sellers disposed to meet buy
i ers, who, however, were indifferent.
1 CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 27V,@1 3214; California
White Australian, $1 52%igl 57 «^; Northern
Club $1 3091 35; Northern Bluestem, $1 50
fil 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. 5 Hlgh. Low. Close.
December ...$1 27^ $1 27U $127^ $1 27*,
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 27Vi bid.
BARLEY — New Feed la showing a wide
range. The general quotations for No. 1 are
97Vi@9S?ic. but a strictly flne bright lot would
bring $1. while some Inferior lots have sold
down to 93?ic Old Feed is steadily held at
previous prices, but. it is passing away and
will soon be gone. There Is not much going
on In • Brewing.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed Jl Ol'/i@l 02^ for old and 95e@$l
spot, for new; old Brewing. $1 05@l 10; Chev
alier. $1 02%@l 10 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 93 93U 83 93 Vi
2 p. m. Session.
December— 93%c bid. 93^c asked.
OATS — The readjustment of quotations for
old and new product noted at the beginning of
the week has left the market quiet and fea
tureless. Offerings, while not large, are am
ple for the demand, which Is light, as usual
Just before the Fourth.
Old crop— White $1 3001 35; Black. $1 15®
1 20; Red, $1 20@l 25. New crop — Red, $1 15
@1 20; Gray. $1 32Vi®\ Z1V, per ctl.
CORN — Quotations' remain unchanged and
the market continues quiet and devoid of fea
ture, i Stocks are sufficient for all current
needs and the market Is none too firm.
Western sacked, $1.45@1 47^ for Yellow,
$1 45@1 47% for White and $1 45 for Mixed;
California large. Yellow, $1 45@1 50; small
round do, $1 50ifrl 60; White. $1 45^1 50 per
ctl; Egyptian, $1 30@l 35 for White and
$1 25£1 30 for Brown.
RYE^-Ji 30@l 32',i per ctl. Unfavorable re
ports regarding the yield continue to be re
ceived from the San Joaquln Valley. Letters
from Turlock and Livingston «ay that many
fields will barely return seed, and some esti
mates are as low as a sack or two per acre.
Spot offerings here are light, and the market
* BIJc'kWHEAT— Nominal at $1 7&®2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Local millers report some Improvement In
the demand for Flour, and a very fair trade
in Mlllstuffs at unchanged prices.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 90 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 SO;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 85@4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 10O lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50: extra cream do, $4 25:
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour $4 5O©4 75: Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls $7 25@8 60; In sacks, $6 75^
8 10- Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes,' $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff 's.
Hay continues weak, as usual when the new
crop is coming tn, and prices are very unset
tled. Receipts were again large yesterday, be
ing 762 tons., and buyers held off. not' wanting
to purchase any more than they could help un
til after the Fourth.
Arrivals ' of Bran and Middlings have been
light for the past few days and the market 1
is steady at unchanged prices.
BRAN— $224223 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — *24@29 per ton.
-1 SHORTS — $22^23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22 50611
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $30 5O@3I GO;
Jobbing. $32: Cocoanut Cake. $22®23; Corn
Meal. $32©33: Cracked Corn. $32 504$ 33 50;
Mixed Feed. $22fJ23; Horse Beans. $30® 4O per
ton* Broom Corn Feed. 90o per ctl. - . . ¦ . ¦
HAY — Old crop— Wheat. $10014: Wheat and
Oat $10£13 50; Oat, $9«12; Wild Oat. $7©
10- "Barley and Oat. $9i?ll: Stock. $7«S; Al
falfa, J7C10. New crop — Volunteer Wild Oat.
J6QS J*r ton; ..Wheat, , $9@12 50; Wheat and
Chicago Board of Trade.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
' weak. June. 10.40c bid; July, I0.50c; August.
1). 43c; September, 9.80c; October, 9.65c; De
cember, 9 «4c; January'. 0.66c.
Spot closed quiet. 40 points lower. Middling
uplands. 10.S5c; middling gulf. 11.10c. Sales,
C50 bales.
New York Dry Goods.
NEW YORK. June 2$. — The dry-goods mar
ket . has changed but little, although sellers
- in certain sections are more sanguine of the
future and arp receiving a fair amount of
j orders for quick delivery. Jobbers are busy
with their semi-annual clearance sales, which
as a rule are satisfactory. '
Neiv York Grain and Produce*
NEW YORK, June 28. — FLOUR — Receipts,
32,200 barrels; exports. 16.000 barrels. Quiet
and quotably lower. Minnesota patents, $4 85
gr. 10; bakers'. $3 C0@3 6o;» winter extras,
$3 33@.1 80.
WHEAT— Receipt?, 31,400 . bushels. Spot,
easy; No. 2 red. nominal elevator and $1 07H
¦ t. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 00%
; f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal f.
o. b. afloat. More or less weakness was dis
played by wheat all day, owing to the weather
and bearish crop reports. Final prices showed
%@iAc net decline. July, 8S 15-16@«9%c,
; closed S9VU-; September, 84 0-16@S5Vic. closed
, 84 1 Sic: December. 8i%SS5^c, closed Sl&c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL — Steady.
HIDES — Steady:
PETROLEUM— Easy.
„ COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady: No. 7 Invoice,
' 7c; Cordova. 9>4@'12c. The market for coffee
futurej closed quiet. Sales were 13,500 bags,
including: July. 5.70(?5.80c; September, 5.90®
Cc; January, 6.40c; March, 6.05c: May, 6.75c.
SUGAfc — Raw, firm; refined, firm. All
grades of refined sugar were advanced 5c per
100 pounds to-day.
BUTTER — Weak. Creamery, common to ex
tra, 13@lSc; State dairy, common to extra,
13«M7c.
EGGS — Steady. Western selected, lS@18&c;
i firsts 17S17H8.
CHEESE — irregular. State full cream, small,
'white and colored. SV4©0c; large, white - and
I colored, 7%©SV4c.
DRIED FRUITS.
! EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
' quiet, but, while futures ehow a declining
! tendency with sales of prime reported as low
; as 5c for November delivery, spot supplies are
; steadily held. Common are quoted at 4@5V4c;
'¦ prime, 5WQS%e: choice. 6@<5Hc: fancy, 7c.
I PRUNES— Are In light demand, and spot
i quotation* are 'more or less nominal. Quota
• tion.«< range from 2?ic to 5*£c, according to
: grade.
APRICOTS — According to coast prices, are
1 firm as to futures. Spot supplies are light.
Choice are quoted at 9»4@10c; extra choice,
10Vi«l0'^c: fancy. ll@13c
PEACHES — Also are firm, with choice quoted
at 7«£7Uc; extra choice. 7&9Sc; fancy, 9H
i ®10c.
iVrtt' York Metal Market.
' NEW YORK, June 28. — The London tin mar
', ket was a shade higher, closing at £117 15s
1 for spot, while futures were unchanged at
I £117 5«. Locally tin was $25 85@26. Copper
advanced a trifle, closing at £56 16s 3d for
spot and at £56 10s for futures In the London
: market. Locally prices were unchanged: Lake
at $12 62%<S12 75; electrolytic at $12 50#
i 12 KJ^i; casting at $12 12H®12 25.
I Lead closed at £11 Ss Pd. and was a little
lower in the English market, while the New
York market was firm at $4 25©4 35.
Spelter was unchanged at £22 In London
and at $4 8O©4 90 here.
Iron closed at 51s 3d in Glasgow and 42s 3d
In Middlesboro. Locally iron was unchanged:
No 1 foundry Northern. $14 5O@15; No. 2
; do at $13 75@14 25; No. 1 foundry Southern
i and No 1 foundry Southern-, soft at $13 25
j 613 75. '
Visible GrainrSupply.
NEW YORK. June 2S. — Special cable and
! telegraphic communications received by Brad
' street show the following changes In avail
able supplies as compared with last account:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
! Rockies, decreased 1,871,000 bushel*; afloat for
and In Europe, decreased 1.251.000 bushels.
' Total supply decreased 3.071,000 bushels.
' Corn. United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increased S14.0CO bushels.
Oat*, United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased 194.000 bushels.
The U 'eather and Crops.
The weekly repcrt of A. G. McAdie. section
«Iirecior of th# cllrcat* and crep eerv.ee cf
the Weather Bureau. Is ar follows:
GENERAL SUilMARV.
Weather conditions during the week were
rtjtr'.y normal ar.d Javorable for crops of all
• kind*. . Light southerly ar.d westerly winds.
prevailed and fvgs wcrv fr«^uer.t along tne
coast
Grain harvest Is progressing in nearly a'.l
parts of the State. The wheat crop is r*
• s-ornd much b*:<?w average in most «ection«,
both in >:el>i and quality. Barley and oats
• fcr* yiticing fair crops In some places, but the
>icid U its* ihaa that «if laM season. The hay
crop i* thf beftvicst for several y«ars In many,
in ilmii but -Is light in the eouth: baling U
iropressmg rapidly. Hops fcave made some
nllium"***?"* during the week, and the outlook
it £ixx»for a fair ft*op in Sonoma County and
portions of the Sacramento district. Beans.
Vugar btets and <orn are in good condition and
nearly .average, crops are probable. Dry fe«d
i* plentiful in Kiost places and cattle are do
ing will. ¦
¦iJitr-cs ha\e xot b«en materially damaged
t?y hi-at or » .ni and Are in remarkably gooJ
«.onGit:pn in all sections. Tfce prospect for
large crops of raisin, wine and table grap*-s
«** ne\er better, at this scasoc. Deciduous
. fruitE are pleatttBl in the- markets and can
¦ nm; and <3r<Sng arc in progress. The fruit
If generally ci good QVftSty. but the yield of
most vari*ties !* below average. . Walnuts arc
making satisfactory 1 rogress and will yield a
f*ir crop- Citrus fruits and olives are in ex—
prittm -condition and larre crop*, are expected.
.: .SACP.AMENTO VALLEY. — Clear, cool
ticathtr ar.d southerly winds continued most
• of the week in nrarlj all section*. Hay har
vest is almost completed and stacking and bal
ing are. progressing rapdljr; the crop is heavy
and of goo-i quality. Grain harvest- continue*:
wheat an<i bailey arc in fair quality, but the
>icld is light in .most places. Hops are in
r-'-- <-'¦¦! condition and will yield a fa!r crop. Dry
le<i3 is plentiful and stock is doing well.
.Ulackb^rrt.e* and raspberries are yielding a
larger crop than usual. Peaches and apricots
arc light in tr.o?t sections. Pfars are ripening
*.rid will 'be ready Tor shipment in a few days.
%::;¦: y&:°de are in excellent condition and a
large* crojj o' crapes is probable. 'Citrus fruits
are dcir.g well.
COAST AND BAT SECTIONS.— The weather
during the we«.k was clear and cool, with
light winds .and generally favorable for all
c-rups. Fogr In the c^as: districts were bene- j
licia!. The iiay crop Is being rapidly harvest- j
ed and-baltd; the yield is large and the qual» |
ity excellent. Oats are yielding a heavy crop ,
In some -eectior»s. Wheat and barley harvest- I
ing it in ;ropress. and the yield Is said to be ;
very gjod. Hop*, bean*, corn and potatoes are ;
«io:ng well and fair crops are expected. Grapes
are in excellent condition and give promise of
a heavy crop. Deciduous fruits are being gath
#>re-d and siilpped. Apricot drying is progress- :
ing. The apple crop will probably be below 1
iiversss .in all section*.
SAN "JOAWL'IN VALLET. — Clear, warm
weithtr prevailed during the past w«-ek. Grain
harvest continues in all sections: the bariey
crop is fair but wheat was pinched in most
place* by ihe cry winds, and w«l be a light
crop. Haying continues, and baling is in 1
prccress. Th* fruit crop is ripening rapidly
and in. some sections is good. MoM of tne
apricot crop has been shipped to the can
neries and dryers. Peaches, nectarines, figs
: and Tragedy prunes are being marketed.
Melcfn«- are beginning to ripen and will eooni
b» pler.liful. Grapes are making good progress '
~::d promise a. large crop. Feed is getting
scarce but stock U healthy and in fair condi
tion, "irrigation water is geuin* low.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA— Clear days and
¦togzy or cloudy nights prevailed during the ;
week The grain and hay crop* are beir.g
harvested ami tooth are reported light. Vine- ;
are :n tx<?ell«T»t condition and prospects ,
are pood for a heavy yield of rasiin and wine ,
(frapes A Urge crop of mountain cherries Is 1
being gathered. Olives in San Diego County
are in unusually good condition. Berries of all j
Kinds are p>ntiful and of superior quality.
If lOoou fruits are maturing and with the
#xcsptton Of apricots will yield fair crops.
GWXes and walnuts are doing well. Sus* r
r**t# an<1 N»an* continue In good condition.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Cooler week, j
with cloudy or foggy mornings and several
sprinkling rains, benefited growing crops ana
tend<Hl to conserve soil moisture. _ •
EUREKA SUMMARY— Dry and wir.dy
wrath-r the fore part cl past week. Rain
it, ree<ie<! tn the interior. Hay crop is im
mer.se- oats were never better. Apples and
'cherries are a lktle below average; other
' fruits are abundant, . *
Dried Fruit in Nese York.
Mail advi?*s from New York «ay:
•Buslnw* in future pearhea and apricots do*s
not amount -to much. With prices on the for
mer shewing a decided advance over the open
ing figures and the tendency etill strongly up
wni-4 buyers are not inclined to take hold. The
of>r":cs *o far come mainly from the Fresno j
district, the packers in which appear to have i
forced the market up themselves in their eager
ness to «*cure supplies frcm the growers.
Doubts are expressed by conservative people
en the coast that prices can be maintained at
tbeir pr-s«>nt level mhen the competition of dis
tricts ¦who** crops mature later begins to be
felt, and this view neems to be pretty gener
ally shared by buyers here. Apricots also are
reported to be tending upward, with iwme sell
ers asking 8c the conditions on the coast being
•omewhat similar to those in the peach market,
competition among parkers to secure early ma
turing eroxm being held to be the main cause
of the high prices. As in tb« ca»e of peaches
buyers are inclined to withhold orders pending
further developments. The market for future
prunes Is unsettled and has an easier tone; of
fering* cf Santa Clara stock for October ehlp
mrr.t were made yesterday on a 2c f. o. b.
basis. Other sellers ejuoted 2^c, while many
adhered to the basic of 2\kc Not much busi
ness can be traced at present. In spot Cali
fornia dried fruits of all descriptions condi
tions remain an heretofore noted. With spot
•uppSles tight ther» is no pressure to sell, but
at the estfn* time buyers eecm to be interested 1
only In covering the actual needs cf the mo- |
inert er in keeping up assortments which only
necessitate ersall purchases. Imported Sul- |
tana raisins remain Cnn and continue In very
?air demand. Holders of spot currants adhere
firrr.ly to the quotation cf 4%c cm fine Amallas,
uncleaned. In barrel*, with 4T»S5c asked in
FOffie instances. CaMes report a firmer mar
ket on tte other side, with 12* M quoted on
ATJ^yt shipment."
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 2S— 5 p. in.
Th* following maximum and minimum tem
perature* are reported for the previous day
frctn Eastern c^Ues:
T*o«ton 82-58 New Orleans R9-74 1
Cincinnati * ". .«S-«0 Philadelphia S2-M |
Jacksonville StS-72 Washington 80-66
St. Louie 64-W New York 82-6C
THE COAST RECORD.
e a s 5 i i
STATIONS. J |£|g |S ? -g
M £ = \ '¦ ¦ l
V % • ? : - :
Raker 29.00 M 52 NW Clear .00
Oar«on W-72 ** £2 E CloQdy .00
Eureka . .. .. .2"-».O2 5« 50 W CJoudy. .00
KT*sdo 2S.74 104 C* SW Pt.Cldy .00
fi.E. Farallon.23.»2 M 8 N Cloudy .00]
Flagstaff 2». R2 7» « N Cloudy Tr. I
PocateJlo 13-82 &6 B0 W Clear .001
Icdepesueace t- .... ..... ... 1
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept.
Opening 6 3H « 44
Closing 63% 6 4H
PARIS.
Wheat — - June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 21 CO 20 00
Closing 2115 20 00
Flour —
Opening 27 50 27 25
Closing ..; 27 50 27 30
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. June 28. — An Increaoed volume of
sales and an - improvement generally have
characterized the course of the wool market
the past week. The market Is strong and ac
tive and further advances are looked for. Ter
ritory wools are firm, anil in foreign wools
there Is little trading.
Territory — Idaho, fine, 15®t8c; heavy fine,
14@l5c; fine medium. 17@lSc; medium, 1S<9
19c; low medium, 18®10c.
Wyon Ing. flne, 154@l<J4c; heavy fine, 14®
15c: medium, 19®20c; low medlua*. 20<@21e.
Utah and Nevada, flne, 15401«Vic: heavy
fine, 13@14c; flne medium, 17613c; medium,
194<820c.
Montana, flne choice, 19@20c; fine average,
17<818c; flne medium, choice, 10@20c; aver
age. 17@16e; staple, 2C©2lc; medium choice,
2Og21c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
&T. LOUIS, June 23.— WOOL— Firm. Medi
um pntdes, combing and clothing, 18^23"He:
llcht flne. lGS18o; heavy fine, 12S15c; tub
washed, 20633c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGOX.
PORTLAND. June 29.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 60c; bluestem, 77c: valley, 78e.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 28.— Wheat,, unchanged;
bluestem, 79c; club, 60c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. June 28.— Clearings, $703,901:
balances. $125,948.
TACOMA. June 28. — Clearings, $288,952; bal
ances. $38,202.
PORTLAND, June 28.— Clearings, $465,365;
balances, $86,068.
SPOKANE. June 28.— Clearings, $272,004;
balances. $30,740.
Oat. ?0<gil 50; Oat. $8310; Clover. $6 50&
8 50; Alfalfa. $6@S per ton.
I STRAW— CCesOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The trade continue to report a quiet market
for Beans at about the quotations which have
i ruled for some t!me past. There Is no change |
i In Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40®2 55; Pea. $2 90-8.1;
Butters.. $3; small White. $2 85^3 10: large
White $2 35*@2 60; Pink. $3 4C-63 50: Red.
$4 25@4 50; Lima, S3 306.1 40; Red Kidneys.
$4 75®5: Blackeye. $2 0332 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans. S2«?2 50.
! SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 23©4 50; Yellow
; Mustard. $2 5rt©3; Flax. $1 73©2: Canary.
5u«5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. U',Q10e: Rape.
2ff2%c : Timothy. «©6%c: Hemp. 3%©4c per
lb; Millet, 3©3%c; Broom Corn S«ed. $2Og21
per ton.
i ' DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Niles.
j $3 25; Green Peas. $3®3 25.
I Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
i ¦ .~_—
[ The market for new Potatoes was very much
i excited yesterday under light receipts and a
I steady demand for local consumption, together
| with a brisk call for the b«st stock for ship
ment to Honolulu and to Seattle. Prices for
all descriptions ranged higher and selected lots
of fancy white continued to command the usual
premium. New Yellow Onions, too. were
I wanted for shipment and cleaned up quickly
1 at firmer rates, while Red were plentiful but
steady at previous prices.
The market was liberally supplied with all
kinds of miscellaneous vegetables, except To
matoes and Green Peppers, and they were the
I only descriptions to show any firmness. Some
small consignments of Tomatoes In small boxes
were received from Vacavllle and large boxes
from the river were more plentiful, but sup
; plies were still inadequate and prices were ;
well maintained. Rhubarb and Asparagus
were neglected by the regular trade and moat
of the latter went to the canners at 495c per I
' pound. Summer Squash and Cucumbers were '
; lower and Beans were weaker, the top quota
, tlon being obtained only for the best Wax.
POTATOES— New Whit*. $1 75#2 13 per ctl;
Early Ro?e $1 0&S1 $5 per ctl; Garnet Chiles.
\ $1 65@1 75 per ctl; old Oregon Burbanks. $19
1 35 per ctl; old river Burbanks. 9Oc-fc$l per
etL
ONIONS— New Red. 70<S85c per sack; SH
versklns, $1 fiOfil 75 per ctl.
I VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1 2562 25 per
nack or crate; Asparagus. 4©8c per lb: Rhu
; barb. 35Q€0c per box; Garden Peas.. 4fM'ic
per lb: String and Wax Beans, 3©5e\per lb; '
Tomatoes In small boxes and crates. 91 2S- J g2; i
large open boxes. $2 50©3; . Summer Squash. !
r>0ft60c for small and $191 25 for large boxes; !
Cabbage, $1 per ctl; Carrots. $1 per sack; Cu- ¦
cumbers 5Gg<i0c per box for MarysvlUe and ;
lltfl 25 for bay; Garlic. 303c per lb; Egg
Plant. SSlOc per lb: Dried Peppers, 8@10c
for sun-dried and 12%<@13c per lb for evap- >
orated: Dried Okra. 12%4J15c per lb; Green!
Peppers 10<gl2%c per lb for Chile and 15920* !
for Bell.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market reflected the conditions j
which prevailed last week and was very weak
for ordinary stock, which was In free supply, i
Young Roosters and Fryers, which formed j
but a very small percentage of the receipts,
were firm at previous price*, while everything
else was dull and dealers were offering liberal
concessions In order to effect sales. Th« car
of Western Hens that ceme In late on Mon- i
day was marketed, making the fourth for the
week, and moved off slowly at $5 5OQ6 per
dozen, a decline.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14fZ15c per lb:
CtoCM per pair. $1 25®1 50: Gosling*. $1 5Cj8
1 75: Ducks. $4@4 50 per dozen for old and I
$4 50©5 for young; Hens. $4 50@5 50 for
large and $4£4 50 for small: young Roosters.
$7 50@«: old -Roortera. $4©4 50; Fryers, $5 50<a
« 50; Broilers. $3<?3 50 for large and $232 50
for small: Ptgeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and |
$1 5OS1 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Hare. $1 50 per dozen: Rabbits, j
$1 75#2 for Cottontails and $1 per dozen for
brush. ;
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
The situation showed no material change j
yesterday. Receipts of Butter were very large,
as will be seen, but the market showed no
weakness. Storing is about over, except as an
outlet to relieve an occasional oversupply in
some house. The demand is very fair for mid
summer and Is generally taken by the trade as
indicating a marked Increase in the population
of San Francisco, for never before has the local
trade taken so much Butter as this year. 1
Cheese shows little change, strictly choice
mild new being In light supply and .firm and
the cheaper grades plentiful and dull.
Quotations for Eggs remain unchanged. The
market Is liberally nupplied and not oversteady.
Receipts were 113,700 Sbs Butt«r. 1353 cases
Eggs and 11,300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 19®2Oc
for extras and 18 Vic for firsts; dairy. I**?
17%c; store Butter 13ijl5c; cold storage, nom
inal.
CHEESE — 8%©9c for choice mild new and
7@8c for lower grades: Young Americas,
0%©10%c; Eastern. 12%@14c; Western. ll@12c
per lb. -
EGGS — Ranch. 2C<g22%c for fair to choice;
store. 16igl9c: Eastern. 10620c for firsts and
16%@18c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market for deciduous fruits had a better '
tone, as fresh receipts were light and overripe
and small green stock, which had previously
been in free supply, had disappeared, having 1
been cleaned up to peddlers and others on the
preceding day. Receipts of Apricots and
Peaches were unusually light and cleaned up
pretty well at firmer prices, with occasional
lots of fancy, suitably packed for shipping,
selling at a premium. The canners were of
fering $20@25 per ton for white and as high
as $30 for yellow Apricots, but were unable to
secure many, as better prices could be ob
talned from the regular trade. Figs were still
In free supply and weak, while Plums. Pears
and choice Apples were In good request and
steady. Trade In Melons was fair at steady
rates, while the market for Berries was weak,
with supplies liberal and trade quiet. The
canners were paying $2 for large Strawberries
and $3 50 for Raspberries. Cherries were well
cared for at steady rates and Currants did
better under greatly decreased receipts.
Citrus and Tropical fruits attracted but little ;
attention and all descriptions stood as pre- ¦
, vlousty quoted. j
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50©5 per chest for
Longworths and %2'SS 50 for the larger varie
ties.
LOGANBERRIES— $2(g3 per chest for red
and $2 50^3 50 for black.
BLACKBERRIES— $3<84 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $3 oC'Qo per chest.
CURRANTS — $4®7 per chest.
CHERRIES — In small packages. 65c«S$l; la
bulk. 7©9c per lb for Black and Royal Anne.
APRICOTS — Small baxes and crates. 50<3S5c:
baskets. 35<§50c; In bulk. 2£2^ per lb.
APPLES^ — New crop — $Ifft 25 per box for
White Astrachan and 60ca*l 23 for Red As
trachan; small Green, 25#33c per basket and
30<s?40c per box. Old crop — 75c@$2 per box.
PEAKS — 75c per box.
PEACHES — 10<g75c per box or basket; large ]
. open boxes. $1<?1 25. 5
PLUMS — WVgOOc per box or crate: Cherry 1
Plums, 25@5Oc per box; Tragedy Prune*. 75c@
$1 per crate and 60@75c per basket. |
FIGS — 35<f»50c for single-layer and 60<S75c
for double-layer boxes; large boxes from the I
river. $1 50.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1 50®C 50 per crate; I
Watermelons, l^c per lb.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 25#3 |
per box as to size and quality; Valencia*, i
$1 5O©2 50: Mediterranean Sweets. $1 50@2; |
L*mons. $2 NM?2 73 for fancy. $1 50©l 75 for
choice and $1®1 25 for standard: Grape Fruit, i
$1 50«J2 50; Mexican L4me«. $4$5 per case; |
Bananas. $2@3 per banch for Central American
and $I@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $2®3 per
dozen. -
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
A lot of new Apricots Is reported In from
Vacavllle. Both Apricots and Peaches rule
firm with buyers purchasing fairly. Evap- I
orated Apples are closely held at the advance
already noted. There is not much . doing In
Prunes, old or new. Raisins and Nuts are i
quiet. The situation in Honey remains about .
as before stated. A light output Is expected, j
as already mentioned.
FRUITS — New crop futures — Apricots. 7®
914c; Peaches, SH'Sfi'ie per lb. Old crop —
Evaporated Apples, 5@7c: sun-dri^d. 3'g4Hc. !
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2©2Uc for the four
sizes. I
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 10O.1 1
crop (subject to chancre without notice* are as
follows: 50- lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. 4-crOwn.
4c per lb;-3-crown. 4V»c; 2-crown, 4c: Malaga. ,
loose. 3-crown. 4c; 2-croivn. 3«4c; Thompson's i
seedless. 4c: seedless Sultana*. 3 He: seedless '
Muscatels 3V*e: do floated. 3Hc; Seeded Rais. 1
ins. lC-oi cartons. . fancy, 5^c; choice 3V4c; j
12-oa cartons, fancy. 44c: choice. 4«sc: In j
bulk, fancv. o'ic: choice. 5c: ImDerial clus
ters $3; D«he#a. $2 SO; fancy. $2: London
Layer*. .7-crown $1 35: 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts. No!. 1 softshell. 13S«14c:
No. 2 im«12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13«13u,c;
No 2.' 1113114c: Almonds. 11 He for Nonpa
riels. 114c for I X L. lie for Ne> Plus Ultra
and'&%c, for Languedoc; Peanuts. WS7c tor \
Eastern: Pecans. ll©13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50a?.V
HONEY— Comb. 1146124c for white and
lOQllc for amber: water white extracted 5*9
fie; light amber extracted. 4493c; dark.
BEESWAX— 274S29C per lb.
¦ Chicago continued weak at a slight decline.
Some scattering liquidation is reported. Re- |
ceipts of Hogs are now about the same as last ,
y»>ar. Stocks show a large Increase in Lard '
and a liberal Increase In Ribs for the month .
of June. i
The San Francisco market shows no further
change in Hams or Bacon, but the trade are
hinting at another readjustment of quotations
to conform to the Chicago level. Bacon being
especially mentioned In -this connection. Quo-,
tatlons for Pork in barrels are generally lower.
Some houses report a fair movement In goods,
while others report business excessively doll,
to tr> point nf stagnation.
CURED MEATS— Bacoa, 10c per lb for
Wall street stocks still quiet and featureless. Cotton lozvcr.
luxcl stocks and bonds, except (he Tonopahs. very dull.
Wheat crop in fair condition all over the world.
Barley weak under receipts of the ticzv crop.
Oats and Corn quiet. Rye crop reported turning out short.
Flour and Millstuffs in fair local demand.
Hay weak, zvith large receipts. Feedstuff 's unchanged.
Beans and Seeds still inactive at previous quotations.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in ample supply and unchanged.
Dried Peaches, Apricots and Apples firmly held.
Fruitions unsettled and weaker at Chicago.
Wool still moving off zee U. Hides zivl't taken by the tanners.
' Hops quiet, with a scarcity of c hoiec stock.
Mutton and Lamb still higher. Beef fairly steady. Hogs easy.
Large cargo of Codfish in from the north.
Nezc Potato market excited and higher. Onions also firm.
Vegetables generally in large supply and ivcak.
Poultry market still depressed by large receipts.
Fresh Fruit in better tone under light receipts.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Receipts, 8000; market steady to alow; native
steers, $4 256i6 40; native cows and heifers,
J2S5 25; stockers and feeders. $2 75@4 75;
bull*. $2 SO@4 25: calves, $2 50@4 60; Western
steers, $4@6; Western cows, J"fj4 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 12.000; market 5c lower:
bulk of sales. $5 10@5 25; heavy. $5 15<@5 30;
packers, $5 l(Vg5 25; pigs and lights, $4 50@
6 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000; market steady;
muttons, .54@5 25; lambs. (5(06 60; range
wethers, $4#5; ewes, $3 50©4 75.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1904.
Continued on rase Fourteen
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
By order of the proprietor of the Plerc«-«tr««t
Stable.
1.T27 PIERCE ST..
IO-MOHHOW.
On THURSDAY. Jun« 30. 11 a. ra.".
I will sell at public auction
THE ENTIRE CONTENTS OF THE STABLE.
Consisting of
67 HORSES— MATCH BLACKS— flne SADDLB
HORSES. 3 FAST PACERS. 35 head of the
best business horses that hav» ever been of-
fered at auction; also a most choice line cf
rubber tire btuinesa buggies 2 •xpress. 4 gro-
cery 4 peddling. 1 butcner and 2 camp wagons.
o traps. 4 surreys. 3 3-seaters 1 hears*. 5 run-
abouts. 3 carts. 1 rubber tire club wagon. 3
stanhopes. 3 phaetens. whips, robes. SO sets
harness, office fixtures, etc. This sal* Is posi-
tively without limit or reserve as the lease
has been sold to the California' Bakery Com-
pany and must vacate June 30. The stock Is
cow working and can be seen at any time in
mornlns or evening, so any one needing a good,
honest work or driving horse will do well to
wait for thin closing out sale.
WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE
5^ OF
75 HORSES AND MARES-75
AT THE EMPORIUM SALES YARD. 2CO VA-
LENCIA ST., between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth, at 11 A. M.
SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1904.
By order of Cal. Pine Box Co. I will sell 73
horse* and mares ranging In weight from 12M>
to ltOO pounds; 3 to 3 years old. All good
workers. This stock was used at one of their
camps in Shasta County, which has sinca
closed down. .Stock can be Men at yard any
time from now until date of sale.
For further particulars inquire at Cal. Pln«
Box Co., Rlalto building, or of
JOHN. J DOYX.E, Auctioneer.
Offlc* 327 Sixth st.CHRISTESEX WINS DIVORCE.
Superior Judge Trputt ""- yesterday
placed the stamp of the cburt^pn" the
Must Pay Wife $19,800— Custody of
, . Child Reserved by . Court.
interlocutory decree of divorce prayed
for .-byvJI. A. C Christesen from ¦ his
tvife. s Annie E.' Christesen. on the
ground of cruelty. • .Christesen is the
proprietor of, the "Branch. Coffee
House." which his wife says 'is a
money-making institution, and he
also owns property on Miiision street,
near Fifth. His complaint for di
vorce alleges that his wife had hu
miliated him -by calljng him a slob,
hobo and ; worse names, and that on
.a trip to Honolulu she would have
nothing to do with him. Finally she
packed the, household; furniture . and
went 1 to_ Berkeley. 'She filed an answer
to'his. suit, ; denying all of ; his allega
tions and asking for a divorce herself.
-Under the decree granted yesterday
it | is stipulated . that Christesen \ shall
pay," her $10,500 and-" $500 - attorney's
fees, $100 a month for twelve months
and; $8800 in, July- of next year. ' She
is "to give -him 4 a quitclaim for her
share - in * the Mission-street ; property.
Their 14-year-old -."; daughter, Ruth,
has hot made : up her ') mind as to
which j parent she will go ; with, but it
is*- 1 agreed" that whichever one ( she
elects ' shall pay for her support and
of the Lynches, she says, George's
mamma at the table would sit -vith hen
back to the plaintiff and would not
speak to her.
Aside from the loss of the affection
and comfort of George. $20,000 will do 43
a balm for Grace Lynch's wounded
feelings.. •*
Many aches and . pains yield promptly to
Parker's Glnser Tonic. Try it,
Parker's Hair BaUam will save your hair. •
After reciting the facts of her mar
riage to George A. Lynch and their go
ing to live at the home of his parents,
the disillusioned wife launches into a
novel recitation of her treatment there,
which she characterizes as "wanton
cruelty."
She says that her mamma-in-law and
papa-in-law had conspired to destroj
her peace of mind and happi
ness. In pursuit " of that con
spiracy they resorted to hypno
tism, suggestion, insult, ridicule and
other agencies of spite to make her un
comfortable and to entice her husband
from his post of duty and fidelity. She
alleges that they "resorted to a cam
paign of tyranny, trickery and perse
cution"; that they exercised hypnotic
control over his mind and inculcated
feelings of prejudice and illwill against
her. They declared that she brought
moths and other Insects into the house
in her trousseau, she says. They ridi
culed America, knowing that she was
an American. They called her a
"fisherwoman" and an "ugly thing."
They made her husband compel her to
wear hats and clothes distasteful to
her and 'forced her to receive their
friends from whom she' had been
estranged. .r.-V,v
They continued, she charges, to Insult
her In the presence of her husband, and
by their strong , power of hypnotism
kept him away from her for three
weeks. Falling to keep him away al
together they induced him to take a
trip to England. Then, she says, they
would talk to a pet parrot and ex
press, in her hearing, the hope that
"George" would fall in love with a'
nice girl in England and they could
join him there. This same green bird,
she says, was taught to speak the
names of each member of the family
in terms of endearment, but was never
taught, to speak her name.
After her husband went abroad, says
the wife, she was subjected to a new
series of indignities and was finally
starved out of the house. The servants
had been taught to treat her with con
tumely, and when she was sick she was
fed upon cold meats .and sausages,
which food was against the advice of
her physician. Before she left the home
Mrs. Grace Lvnch, a bride of a year
and a half, has had such a weird ex
perience with her parents-in-law that
she seeks compensation in the sum of
$20,000 damages from the father and
mother of her husband, George A.
Lynch. The complaint of Mrs. Grace
Lynch against Mrs. E. Lynch and Alex
ander L. Lynch was filed yesterday in
the Superior Court. The defendants are
English people of some means^who live
at 759 Golden Gate avenue. To their
home her husband brought the young
Mrs. Lynch after they were married on
New Year's day, 1903. George Lynch
has left his wife and is now in Eng
land.
¦ Mrs. Hislop -declared that her hus
band sent a friend named Lang to
her, with .apropositionr for^ reconcilia
tion and she hud told him ; that'll' was
useless— that her husband had been
untrue too often. 'When she cited
circumstances \to.' Lang the latter is
alleged to have said that he would
never ask her. to jro | back, to . Hislop
and. that no decent man on- the road
had any respect „ for, him. She /said
that Hislop admitted having;; ; given
Violette $50 and she reproached .\hlm
for it, saying it was, needed at home.
When Mrs. Hislop was called In re
buttal she denied • that her husband
had ever spoken \ to her about being
careful of her reputation with Brown
or had mentioned- the startling inci
dent referred to. . On the contrary,
she said that Hislop invited Brown to
the house when she had expressed a
preference to be alone with her hus
band. , . ,
Questioned further on this -point
Hislop said that he had spoken to his
wife about belnsr careful of her repu
tation with Brown, and had told her
that the banker was notorious for his
pursuit of tho fair sex and' had re
ceived a charger of buckshot-from an
rate husband In Napaz-
He was ' questioned upon various
points of the letter he had written
his wife regarding the Griswold
woman and said that he had written
as he did to arouse his wife's jeal
ousy in order to make .her "set rid
of Brown." This reference was to
Henry A. Brown, paying teller of
Wells-Fargo ; Bank, '.whom Hislop is
suing for' $50,000 : damages for alien
ating Mrs. Hislop's i affections.
Wire Denies Husband's Testimony in
Reference to Paying Teller Brown.
George W. Hislop and his wife
Louisa disagreed yesterday upon some
very material points in the trial of
her suit for divorce before Judge
Sloss. The taking of evidence was
finished, and it only remains for the
arguments to be he*ard.
Hislop was on the stand in the
morning and during part of thV af
ternoon. He denied all of her charges
of infidelity and claimed that his wife
had deserted him. He admitted that
hg'had met ViolettejGriswold in the
north and. had met "her mother, but
declared that nothing improper had
occurred. Explaining the incident
of taking her to the Raleigh Hotel,
he said that he had been asked to
recommend a place by Griswold and
had gone there with Mrs. Griswold
and engaged rooms, while. Griswold
looked after the baggage. Griswold
came a few minutes later an"d Hislop
left. ¦ , . ..
I1ISLOP EVIDENCE IS IN.
His appearance in Judge Graham's
court in a rough and ready shirt and
working clothes, and his plea of earn
ing only $50 a month did not serve Wil
liam H. Schmidt his purpose of fooling
the court into denying the claim of his
wife, Carrie, for maintenance. The
Judge, who had seen the man sporting
diamonds, ordered him to pay her $40 a
month and $75 attorney's fees. The
wife testified that she had never seen
William in such clothes and she be
lieved he owned a half interest in the
saloon business of Holtum & Schmidt.
Schmidt said he only owned one $50
share In the house and held that in or
der to keep his job.
On the grounds of insufficient evi
dence Judge Sea well yesterday denied
the application of Roger Walton for
divorce from his wife, Phoebe, for de
sertion.
Pending the hearing of her suit for
divorce it was ordered yesterday that
Anthony S. Pedro pay his wife,. Freder
ika, $40 a month and ?50 attorney's
fees. . .
Divorces were granted by Judge Ker
rigan to Carolyn R. Dillon from George
Dillon, neglect; to Clara B. Shull from
Edmund D. Shull, desertion; to Frank
A. Selover from Carrie Selover, deser
tion; by Judge Graham to Merna Na
than ; from. Arthur Nathan, cruelty; to
May Roland from' Adolph Roland, de
sertion. , .
Suits for divorce were filed by Isabel
W. Robinson against "Walter T. Robin
son, profllgancy; Louisa Hansen
against Fred Hansen, neglect.
Judge Graham Orders Payment of
Alimony — Other' Divorces.
WORKING CLOTHES DON'T GO.
Young Mrs. Ljiicli Makes
Unique Charges Against
Parents of Her Husband
Mr. London Is nothing to me ant I ;iin
i.othiPi' to him. 1 cannot :r.idrrstan<l hew I
«m named in connection with the proc-*«t«ns'j
at al!. br why Mrs. London shuuid drag me
I am astbnlshej at this news. - and I' am
more than amazed that my name «houH in
ary way be connected with the action brought
by Mrs. London. Thers Is positively no rea
bo'i frr such a thing. I can only think if une
prsfible cause lor Mrs. London'* chanr<>.«.
That Is the tact that Mr. London and I v;ere
collaborators in the "Kempton-Wace Letters."
I have only seen Mt. Ix>T)don once in the
last two years. .That was Just j.rlcr to his
s-aJllnr for the Orient. I have be«-n trav»linqr
In Eurone until, four months aeo and would
have l*ei.-n there now !>ut tor the Illness of irv
mother, which brought me home from Naples,
where I was sojourning at the time fh? s><>nt
for me. .
Miss Anna Strunsky was greatly
surprised last night when informed
that Mrs. London had commenced
proceedings for divorce from her hus
band. She was aghast when further
advised that her name. was mentioned
in the case.
- Miss Strunsky said:
Mention of Her Name in Case.
Fair Young Author Protests Against
MISS STRUNSKY ASTONISHED.
education. For this reason the Judge
reserves decision as to custody of the
child. . ,-
PARROT FIGURES
IN DAMAGE SUIT
Congregation of Bush-Street Syna-.
gogruo Impressed With Divine
From Salt Lake City:
Rabbi Louis G. Reynolds of Salt
Lake City, a candidate for the pasto
rate of the Bush-street Synagogue,
gave the second of his sermons beiore
that portion of the congregatiox\
which was unable to be present at
Saturday's service.
Rabbi Reynolds chose for his sub
ject, "Responsibility," and mad? a fa-,
vorable impression.
During the evening Cantor M. Sal-»
omon sang "Berceuse de Jocelin." by
Benjamin Godard, accompanied bv
Organist Martinez. Joseph Villarir
played the violin obligato. * •
RABBI REYNOLDS DELIVERS
ANOTHER TRIAL SERMON
Picnic to Shell Mound Park.
The Retail Coal Dealers' Association
will hold its first annual picnic to
morrow at Shell Mound Park. There
will be races and games for prizes and
many gate prizes will be awarded,
among the latter a $40 set of single
harness will be a prize worth winning.
As Miss Strunsky spoke her great,
luminous, dark eyes Hashed out any
thing but sentiments of love. She
was self-possessed, however, and
spoke deliberately and with great em
phasis.
I am a Russian by birth, but i;aine to this
country when I was a m«ie chil<], >a I deem
myself an American. I haw, in fact, almost
entirely forgotten my native tongue. I am
residing here with my family in the homo cf
r.y brother, Dr. Mat Siruml:v.
into the case. If she and Mr. London could
n< t set on tocether it is no fault of mine. I
suppose she had to find somethir.g. and :is Air.
London and I were araoctet*] |"l curoiuling the
bcok she has chosen that for i i>r->v«xt. It is
certainly very unjust. It B39WS the great
disadvantage that a young 'inmariisd wcjmn
labors under, when In her literary work she
has the aid of a married man. or, in fact, a
Hi. m at all.
FAMOUS AUTHOR WHO HAS
BEEN SUED KOR DIVORCE Bi'
HIS WIFE, i
London came into prominence in the
literary world after his return from
the Klondike, where he wrote "The Son
of the Wolf." Following that excursion
Into a new field came "Children of the
Frost," "Daughter of the Snows,"
"The Kempton-Wace Letters," "The
Call of the Wild" and "Children of the
Abyss," besides many short stories: In
his turbulent 'career London has been
newsboy; sailor, longshoreman, fisher
man, seal hunter, novelist and war
correspondent.
The Londons married on April 7.
15*00. Mrs. London was Elizabeth Mad
dern. the daughter of Mrs. Melissa
Maddern of this city, and a cousin of
Minnie Maddern Fiske, the. actress.
Mrs. London has a reputation as a
teacher in English. It was a mutual
Interest in literature that originally
brought her and London together. *
of Sacramento, who has charge of the
case, said his client was under a phy
sician's care. It is said, indeed, that
Mrs. London has for many -months
been in delicate health as a result of
her husband's neglect. Whether there
shall be a bitter contest cannot be de
termined until some word shall have
been received from London, who is in
Manchuria.
Mrs. Hanford says she a-sked. her
husband what he had talked about to
the woman and he replied,. "what peo
ple talk about who love each other."
Then it is alleged that Hanford told
the plaintiff that "the grand passion
only comes to a man once and that It
had come to him, mailing it necessary
he should stay with Mrs. Cavalsky."
He asked his wife, she says, to get a
divorce so that he could marry • the
woman. This she refused to do. Then
he said : he would go down town and
live. alone and send Mrs. Cavalsky away
for four months and pey her expenses.
If at the end of. that time he thought
as-much ofiher as she did of him he
would gret a divorce and marry her.
On June 14 he announced that his af
fections were unchanged. . And now the
wife sues for the divorce. .
She came at >> o'clock and Mrs. Han
ford Immediately told her that her hus
band had confessed "all of the horrible
affair." * Then- Mrs. ' Hanford left] the
room. She returned: to her bedroom an
hour later and fn going to her dresser
passed the open door of her husband's
room. Looking in she saw Mrs. Caval
sky leaning over him, with her arms
around his neck and her face against
his. Emphasizing the agony of this
sight, Mrs. Hanford says that she im
mediately left the house' and did not
return until 10:30, after she had learned
by. telephone that Mrs. Cavalsky had
left.
THE RIVALS MEET AGAIN.
That was the beginning. On May
15, she says, they were upstairs In their
home at 2207 Clay street, when the hus
band became '"greatly agitated and
wept." He. said that he had lost his
nerve. His wife's frequent persuasion
failed to win a confession as to what
his trouble was. His distress continued
for two days. He said it was not money
trouble, as he "had more money than
he kne'w what to do with." On the 17th
he admitted that it was a woman and
that she was Gabriel Cavalsky, Whom
he had met at Del Monte and who was
married and was then living with her
husband.
The wife then reminded the husband
that ho was suffering from an Incurable
disease from which he might be para
lyzed and asked if Mrs! Cavalsky knew
of it. He said no and asked If Mrs.
Cavalsky might not visit him at the
home in order that she might be told.
Thinking that this information might
serve to separate them the wife con
sented, and according to the complaint,
herself called Mrs. Cavalsky up by
phone at her home, the Hart House, on
Ellis street. At that time Mr. Han
ford. was ill in bed. After Mrs. Han
ford got her rival oi| the wire Hanford
got up and talked to her and asked her
to come to his house.
The complaint avers that the Han
fords were married here on May 19, 1896,
and that there are no children. The hus
band's cruelty is alleged to have begun
on May 4 last. On that day they were
visiting the Hotel Del Monte and Han
ford introduced his wife to Gabriel Ca
valsky as "a girl she could play golf
with."
Mrn. Hanford's complaint is novel
in the manner in which It gives a se
quence of dates and events, and hints
delicately at matters which are ordi
narily, told in bolder language. The
woman named in the case ia Mrs. Ga
briel Cavalsky, who, it is. said, has left
her husband and gone to live with her
mother,
Tho agony of seeing her husband 111
in his own home, with the arms of an
other woman around his neck and her
face, pressed close to his, is the climax
of the story told by Marguerite Han
ford yesterday in a complaint filed for
divorce, against her husband, Robert
Gilmer Hanford. Her attorneys are
Garbeiy Creswell & Garber. In addi
tion . to the divorce the plaintiff de
mands an injunction against the hus
band ar.d his brother, Albert Hanford,
to prevent them from disposing of large
propel ty Interests. She alleges that
much of her husband's property was
transferred to Albert without consider
ation and asks the court to invalidate
this reputed sale until the division of
community property is settled. She be
lieves that $400 a month will do for
alimony pending the litigation.
Hanford is a mining man of wealth
and position. He owns shares in the
United Railroads, the Folsom Devel
opment Company, the Syndicate Dredg
ing Company, the Ashburton Dredging
Company, and the P'olsom Machinery
Company, besides other securities un
known.
WOMAN IX THE CASE.
Miss Strunsky's name was first pub
licly associated with that of London a
year ago when the^Kempton Wace Let
ters" were given from the press as the
joint wcrk of the pair. This collabora
tion was a discussion of love in a phil
osophical sense and essayed to Indi
cate the passion and sentiments of a
pair of friends in a series of epistles.
The work "attracted some attention.
More it gained when the announcement
was made that London and his wife
had parted.
SEPARATION OF -THE LONDON'S.'
That separation occurred after the
London? returned last summer from a
camping trip to Glen Ellen. While there
it is said Mrg. London gained the be
lief that her husband no longer loved
her and that Miss Strunsky was the
new idol of his heart. So thoroughly
satisfied of this was the wife that she
simply took her children and departed.
And nothing that any of their common
friends could do to reconcile them was
of avail. London took up his residence
in this city and remained here until
he went to the Orient as a war corre
spondent. Mrs. London went to South
ern California for a while, but return
fd recently and has been living for a
f me with her brother. Henry T. Mad
«lern, 8<>5 Twenty-first street.
There the relatives to-day said that
Mrs. London was prostrated and could
not be seen. Attorney R. T. McKisick
Specifically Mrs. London is not yet
prepared to make more serious accu
sations than that in general her hus
band's love for the 'woman whom he
made hi5 wife four years ago has been
alienated by Miss Strunsky. For ac
tual ground of divorce Mrs. London has
been content to allege a statutory of
ftns*?, j? uch as she would be entitled
to set forth after a separation of one
year.
Not that aught of wrongdoing is
charged against Anna Strunsky In her
acquaintance with London; but Mrs.
London believes she has ample reason
to condemn her husband. She declares
ehe has heard him protest his love for
Miss Strunskv on more than one oc
casion. It is asserted, indeed, that
Mrs. London- has found epistolary evi
dence that London's affection is re
ciprocated by the bright young woman
author. y
OAKLAND. June 28.— Jack London,
author and newepaper correspondent,
has been sued for divorce by Eliza
beth London, his accomplished wife
and the mother of .their two pretty
children, Joan and Bess.
The complaint filed here to-day is
under seal, but" It is understood that
the cause alleged is desertion. Just
a year, the statutory time, has elapsed
eince the couple separated.
With the complaint was filed an or
der obtained from Superior Judge W.
E. Greene restraining London from
drawing any funds, either for news
paper cervices, from bis deposit in
bank or from his account with
Houghton, Mifflin & Co., his Boston
publishers, pending the settlement of
the divorce proceedings.
It is not the story of an ordinary do
mestic upheaval that has led the
yotfng wife to the divorce court with
her plaints. Behind it all is the shadow
of . another woman, ; a gifted writer,
vho has won the place in London's
heart that the unhappv wife tried so
vainly to hold. Anna Strunsky. stu
dent, author and follower of the so
cialistic cult, Is the woman. Her name
has been so closely linked with that
of Jack London that the wife has
taken cognizance of the friendship and
has made her story of unhappiness re
plete with incidents in which the other
Woman's name is all too prominent.
AFFINITY FOR MISS STRUXSKY.
Carleton was a great favorite with
impressionable and unsophisticated
young women wherever he went. At
Mont Rio, It is said, he mowed down
the girls by the Cozen. The prisoner
declined to speak of the charges
against him and threatened to fight
the removal proceedings, which will be
begun in the Federal courts within a
few days. . His ball was fixed by
United States Commissioner Manley
at f2000, In default of which Carleton
was lodged in the City Prison. He said
he had $1500 with him. but that $2000
was beyong his reach.
The name under which the prisoner
and his confederates operated was
"C. C. Lawrence & Co.. bankers and
brokers, Schofied building, Cleveland,
Ohio." Connected with him were
Charles Carrao, alias C. A. Flanders,
and George Harris, alias G. G. Ed
wards. These two fled, but were ar
rested by postoffice inspectors in Balti
more, Md., and placed In jail at Cleve
land, Ohio. . The complaint charges the
prisoners with having secured from five
or six victims $7500 through false and
fraudulent representations made
through the mails.
Two weeks ago Inspector O'Connell
trailed Carleton from Kansas City to
Los Angeles. Before O'Connell reached
that city Carleton had come to San
Francisco and roomed on Post. street.
Then he. went to Duncan Mills and
later to Mont Rio, where there are
hearts that bleed with chagrin and dis
appointment.
Fashionable people at Mont Rio
camping: grounds on the Sonoma coast
were shocked and grieved when Post
office Inspector James O'Connell I and
Deputy United States Marshal R. de a
Lancie arrived last Monday night and
took Into their rude hands the Idol of
the camp, handsome C. H. Carleton,
alias C. C.' Lawrence, alias Elmer R.
Chase, alias Joseph B. Kaufman. The |
glided" youth with- many aliases Is
wanted by the Federal . authorities in
Cleveland, Ohio,, for using the malls
for the purpose of defrauding the
gullible portion of the public with a
fradulent banking and brokerage
scheme.
After Breaking Scores of
Hearts Gay C. H. Carleton
Is Arrested by Sleuths
Woman in Case
Makes Heated
Denial.
His "Grand Pas
sion" for Rival
Causes Suit.
POPULAR IDOL CAUGHT
Mont Rio Society Shocked
at a Scandal That May
End in the State Prison
Hanfofd-s Spouse
Revolts at His
Alienation.
Author's Domestic
T"» t_1 TTTM1
Troubles Will
Be Aired.
GAY SHARPER
CHARMS GIRLS
JACK LONDON IS SUED FOR DIVORCE.
WIFE SAYS HE LOVES ANNA STRUNSKY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, . WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1901.
16
. APVEBTISmCEjSTa.^
SPECIAL VALUES
IN OUR
Embroidery, Ribbon, Handkerchief
and Underwear Departments.
Embroideries. Ribbons.
2500 Bards Nalnsoofc and, 450 pieces high-class
-Cambric Edgings, in about Noveltu Ribbons, ln lacs
35 different patterns. These stripes, fanco taffetas,
are on a veru superior gual- dresden stripes and taffeta
ltu of cloth, measure 3 to 6 dots. The regular price of
Inches wide. Price, ip, these has been 30c and 40c
uard IOC P er Bard. This lot, 0{)p
hrnl^* Sp?. m ?in O i, E i.T PiVcii ffl "ii 41 Inch
! Sn ?' °!io Coloretl Satln Tarfeta R^-
Ings, 18 to 20 inches wide. ln fl oool YarletI| or
These are on a Yeru hearg shades. Regular price has
cloth and are ln 12dlfferr D een 20c and 25c |i)i ft
ent patterns. Price, r* Ba rd. This lot, pard IZ2C
Barl 0Ub Ladies' Gowns.
* Handkerchiefs. 30 dozen Ladles' Muslin,
200 dozen Ladles' Fine Cambric and Nainsook
Cambric Handkerchiefs, all Gowns, trimmed with fine
- pure linen, ln 1-8 and 1-4 enitolderles, also hem-
inch hem The tTpIcp nf stItcned i regular value
.these has been $2.40 per 5l ims lotj §\M
dozen. This lot.. 01 en Ji". 1
$1,50 Petticoats.
150 dozen Ladles' Sh°er ' 15 flozen Ladles ' B^^-
Lln'en r^rllSIM^^^
yered an! hemstitched, all r th ac^orTon
1-4 inch hem, have alwaus plBale i nounce, were for-*
been sold at $2.75 per merlu$6.50and$8.50each. .
Present a< rn Present prlcss — Black,,
pries, dozen OliOU $4.50; Colored, $6.00.
Remnants. Remnants.
• 1500 short lengths of All-Wool and silk and
Nainsook, Cambric and Wool DfBS F fi , ff
Swiss Embroideru at one- w . 001 upess taDplcs » r ? 0ln
third less than former 2 to 5 uards ln length, at
prlGes. half price.
¦ '" ' N I 1 ¦! ¦¦ I II Ml .._¦¦¦ n #
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STKEET. .
\ - • .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Br. Charles
Flesh Food
s~ rss^ The Great Beautifier
4MEgp& and Skin Tonic.
fcwiWjwgl : : ¦ ¦ Uied by leading actresses,
«n^d &*tr fingers and women of tho
«z J7*P ¦. ? elite society of two contl-
<! ".Jf'L ¦ n*nts for more than a quar-
¦A ter of a century.
j|l ~~^B ' It Is tho only preparation
Jf& X^ -^ having the unqualified
Indorsements - of phyal-
r^ ' iCS> C 1>ns and recommended
¦:r£*V '.';¦'¦¦ g£*3\ by them to INCREASE
J J«KV FIRM. HEALTHY
A t* «m«Kll FLESH on thin, hol-
l\. I J I JoweH ch«eks and neck
VK^gggJ^y" without the use of litiuM
medicines and tonics.
: RKMOVES WRINKLES from the face and
; hands, no matter how deep; the furrow.
DEVELOPS i THE' IMMATURE BUST and
will rectore a breast to Its natural beauty and
contour, lout through sickness or nursing.
• On Sale Department Stores and
. ' ;.\.; : J" Druggists.
SPFf IAI ftFFFR The rc&u'ar Price of Dr.
JrCVlAL UrrCK. Charles Flesh Food Is
$1.00 a box. but to Introduce It Into thousands
of new homes we have decided to send two (2)
boxes ' to all who answer this advertisement and
send us $1.00. All packages are sent in plain '
¦c.-rnpper. postage prepaid.
Cpcp A sample box — just enough to convince
1UL.L>. you of the great merit of Dr. Charles
Klesh Food — will be - sent free for 10 cents,
which pays for cost of mailing. We will also
ser.d you . our illustrated book, "Art- of Mas-
sage," which contains all the proper movements
for massaging the face, neck and arms, and full
directions for developing the 'bust. Address '
'OR. CHARLES CO., 108. Fulton St., New York
ADVEBTISKMTTfTS.
I.. • , ' f . '-*••.- ¦ - - ¦ &* ** ff flf I*'
* lljii^Jjb-' 'jp Good Morning!
''\\ f^v*; - s *| l . P*" y° u UP
i *v./A >:r Vh * l \r?i to tell you that
1 -' you miss the
- iv .i^sBBS?- : 'i i "t it
; - /y chance of a ..life-.
II ' ¦ ' time for bar.
g3ins if you do
not attend the sale of.
TAILORED SUITS,
SKIRTS, JACKETS and
bHlRl WAISTS
Now going on at CURTIN'S, 911-
913 Market Street. You know
he's got to vacate his store on
July 15, and the goods must be
Burnett'* Extract of Vanilla Is the
best, perfectly pure, highly concentrated. •
?¦: -v ADVERTISEMENTS.
116 ELLIS!
A. B. SMITH CO.
Notice Our Nit Numbsr.
To accommodate our increasing
patronage we have removed our
Trunk and Bag Department to
larger and more commodious quar-
ters, where you can find the most
complete line of traveling equip-
ments ever shown in 'Frisco.
Don't Forget the Number !
¦ ne ellis
JE Painless Fillings 25c ij
|I Painless Crowns S3 50 M
*$ Fu! Set of Teeth $4.00 ii
H "VAN VROOM" I-j
II Sixth and Market jj