THE VSATHES.
rcrecast made at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours endinff
rclfciffit, Jane 16:
dm Francisco and vicinity —
Cloudy TItursday; light contn
erly winds cttsffing 1 to brisk
westerly. A. O. SZcADZS,
District rorecaster.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY- JUNE 16,-1904.
Continued on Page ' 2. Column 5.
UNIDENTIFIED MEXICAN
FOUND HANGING TO A TREE
Body Is Riddled With Bullets, Show
ins That the Man Was the Victtlm
of Unknown Murderers.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. June 15. — The
body of an unknown Mexican was
found yesterday hanging to a tree on
the road between Jerome and Iron
King. He had been hanged by un
known parties and his body riddled
with bullets, -
,/.' .. ,' ; a.
Ab«ndesch»ln. Mary v Allman. T. A.
Albrpcht. Seltna i ' Arrobnist. Mrt.
B.
Balzcr Catherine A. Burfleld, John J. (ln-
BecV. ChrUUna • f ant)
Bchrena. Mrs AugustaBachman. Margaret
Berir. Mrs. Lena ¦.¦ (Infant)
Birmingham Kathf rineBernhaidl. Annie (ln
"Boeger Florence (child) rant)
Borenbars. Emily ' Bernardt, Annie (child)
Brown • Alfon*o ..' - Bohlmen, Mrs. Anna.
Buchanards, Mrs. AnnaBlo»«om. Marguerite
.EUza ; ." > „
Clow. Mary ' - ' - Cordes. Mrs. MetU
', ¦, '-.-. ." d. ¦ . •;. : .
DenRler. Adolph "Jr. Drews. Mrs. Catherine
(child) ?. l>irkon*. William
D*ppers. Agnea DlrkoftV Annie
Derker. Theodore (child)Dreber. — . (child)
Donhelm. Mrs.~
E. .-. ¦ , '
EngeUnan. Mrs.'-LouteeEslel, Annie- (child)
byenort, William Kdhardt. Mlnne (child)
Krhart, .'Annie (child)
Fritz Mrs. -Alma * ' Flckbnhm, — .
Froellch. Mrs. Charles .Feldhausen, .
'. Nfew YORK. June 15. — Identifica
tion: of the victims of the General
Slocum catastrophe is . proceeding
very - slowly. ; At midnight the Cor
oner announced that the following
had .been identified :
PETALUMA, June 15. — Professor
W. L. Foss of Petaluma High School
suddenly lost his reason Monday and
is now confined In a private asylum
at Livermore. Overstudy is given as
the cause, and the outcome is
Vthought to account for the dissension
among the faculty of the Petaluma
institution noted for the past few
months and which has occasioned
wide comment. Foss had hired a
hall and announced a lecture for
Monday evening for the purpose of
telling all about the city's educational
system. His erratic conduct during
the last few days resulted in an inves
tigation.
Overstudy Unbalances a Well-Known
Instructor hi Institution of Peta
_ lama. ,v- ' :
HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER'S
3II>T> BECOMES DERANGED
NEW YORK. June 16. — Before
lrnvingr North Brother Island at 3
o'clock .this moraine Coroner Darling
ton said there were possibly hundreds
of corpses still in the wrecked hull of
the General Slocum. This was in ad
dition to the 483 bodies recovered.
\ The after, rail, gave; way and the pas
sengers ' who « had » crowded ] against, it
were .pushed : into '-the. river.. Mothers
and children | . separated - and
frantically j sought > t one another, white
in - several . cases \ fathers J and mothers,
gathering their r children
Jumped with them into the water. > Lit
tle, children, holding each other, by the
hand,' leaped together and were after-
/The rs' v ,-to> North Brother Island vyas
horribly 'dramatic. :It was made-, while,
the flames, which had; been fanned into
a fury. by,. the strong heacwind,', were
consuming hundreds of - persons, '; old
and young. ,. The '."scene ,,'w: 3. one .of
frightful; panic," with women, and chil
dren^ Jumping." overboard » . and * being
lashed . by. . the ":¦¦ channel ,
against; the .vessel's sides. .Womenand
children ..were, crowding together on the
hurricane' deck,' .which 5 soon '. burned
away and -fell' and: lt : , is believed ' most
of those on. this deck. were burned. ' v f.
Jumped overboard Into the swiftly run
ning waters. ; > *
-. The life preservers were too securely
fastened to < their holSings to' be avail
able and stories. are told of frantic ef
forts made by strong men to cut them
loose, but even if they could have been
torn down, they were -too high 'up for
the children /to- reachi It- is also "al
leged ; that no attempt was made to get
out the fire apparatus 'at the first cry
of. "Fire!"' though Captain Van Schaick
say = that he - immediately ' rang the
bells for. getting; out the apparatus.
According- to v several statements, no
attempt' was made to" lower boats or
life. rafts. . ¦ " ' •. r \:j - -.
DOOMED SH1P:S : LAST RACE^
East River, though the Knickerbocker
Steamship Company, which owns the\
Slocum, officially states that the num
ber of passengers was 837,' that, being
only one-third of the vessel's 'capacity.
It is thought, however, that there were
several hundred- children Jn; arms, 'for
whom fares are not, usually, charged
on these trips, on board. , - t . " » .. .
At the extreme eastern end; of Ran
dalls Island, off: One Hundred \ and
Thirty-fifth' street.. there is a stretch of
water known as the Sunken Meadows^
At this point the General . Slocum . took
fire and, as the age; of .the .vessels-she
was built in 1891— had aided In the : sea-;
soning of the wood, with which she was
almost entirely built, she 'was /soon a
mass of flames. : i . ,- -'¦ ¦•¦¦ t
The fire; is said -to have broken out
in the ¦ luncheon-room on th'e; forward
deck, through the overturning "of -a,, pot
of grease. The wind was high and all
efforts to subdue the. flames .were futile."
turned; back- froji shore. ' ]
At One "Hundred, and Thirty-fourth
street there were? several; lumber: yards
and oil ( tanks ¦ and : as Captain 'William
Van , Schalck, ,in command of the Gen-,
eral - SJocuni, staffed * to turn '¦ his ; vessel
to warn. , the t shore^Jthere he - was ' warned
that it would -set", fire *.to .the'.lumber
and oil, ; so- he -changed- his- course 'for
North Brother. Island, one of. the i twin
islands near the entrance to the sound,
where thei boat; partially -burned, 'was
beached. She i sank near, this : place . at
12: 35 •o'clock this afternoon, two hours
and twenty-five minutes after the •¦ fire
was • first ¦-. discovered. , . ' . ¦ • '
In the - meantime - the passengers had
become panic; stricken, and '.those .'who
were | not caught' by j the ¦ flames rushed
t »¦ the rear of. ' the vessel . and hundred*
Continued on Page 3, Column 2.
LIAOYANG, June 15.— The battle at
Vaf tnffow lasted till 8 o'clock yesterday
evening. The Japaneet In tremendous
fore* attacked the Russian position,
but were repulsed with terrible loss.
It is reported that three squadrons
of Japanese dragoons were absolutely
destroyed and that sixty men were
captured.
The Russian losses were 311 men.
Colonel Khvasteroff, commanding the
First Rifle Regiment, was killed.
According to the latest reports re
ceived here, the Russian troops were
attacking the Japanese at 6 o'clock this
morning, but no particulars are ob
tainable.
CLAIMS RUSSIAN VICTORY.
LONDON, June IB.— The correspond
ent of the Central News at Liaoyang
telegraphed to-day as follows:
"The fighting at Varangow (about
fifty-five miles north of Port Arthur)
was renewed to-day and Is still pro
reeding. No details are obtainable, but
there are persistent rumors that the
Russians were partly successful, de
stroying three squadrons of cavalry I
and making prisoners of Bixty men.
The Russian casualties in the fight
ing yesterday were 308 men killed or
wounded. The Japanese casualties are
not known.
"Later a section cf Russian cavalry
marching in the direction of Tafanchou
and Lunkoo discovered on Its right
Hank a gTeat force of Japanese cav
alry. An engagement occurred, and
according to the latest dispatches fight
ing is proceeding all along the line, the
Japanese having received reinforce-'
merits, from Vafangow, consisting of
three infantry divisions, with artillery
«pd cavalry."
' The Japanese account of the al
tered great battle near Fuchou, sev
enty miles north of Port Arthur, ap
pears to be an exaggerated version of
the operations. The Tokio corre
spondent of the Daily Telegraph, re-
Continued on Page 5, Column 2.
NEW YORK, June 15.— James Collins,
a special policeman, together with Po
liceman Herbert Farrell and Olaf Jan-
Ben, mate of the schooner E. A. Bay
liss, were the first men to reach the
Slocum after she was beached. They
rowed out and took twenty-two' living
persons from the ship, besides picking
up sixteen bodies. Most of those res
cued were clinging to the paddles of
the Slocum, and three of the women
were dead with their hands still
clenched on the buckets of the wheel.
Collins said: ,
"I heard the terrible screaming out
in the stream. I looked up and saw the
Slocum blazing and persons dropping
into the water. With Farrell and Jan
eon I Jumped Into the yawl and rowed
after the burning ship as fast as possi
ble. Tugboats were then following her,
but the heat was so great they could
not get near her. When she beached
we pulled toward her, but as we came
nearer the heat singed our hair. We
threw our coats over our. heads and
pulled toward the roaring fire. Present
ly we found ourselves well up under the
sides of the ship.
"When I pulled the coat off my head
a terrible sight was before me. There,
clinging to the paddles of the great
wheel, were, It seemed to me, one hun
dred women and children and a few
men. As we came nearer they cried to
us frantically to save' them. Every sec
ond or two one of them would drop
Into the water and sink. We went
alongside, and by keeping away a few
feet managed to drag fourteen into the
boat.
" 'Hang on,' we cried, 'till we come
back.' But when we started to row
away others gave up and dropped into
the water. We landed our" first load
on a scow and went back twice more,
taking oft twenty-two.
"I noticed three large women who
seemed to be quieter than the others,
and we finally, dragged them into the
boat and found they were dead, but
still clinging to the paddles. Their heads
were partly under water.
"Several times we were nearly
swamped by women and children grab
bing the boat. We had to push back
those we could not save. I believe there
were more bodies went to the bottom
than were recovered. Most of these
never will be found."
NEW YORK, June 15.— One of the
most appalling disasters in the history
of New York, tragic in us Immensity,
dramatic I in its episodes and deeply
pathetic In the tender age of most of
its, victims, took place' to-day in the
East River, at the entrance to Long
Island Sound, . within - a short distance
of the New York shore and within
sight of thousands of persons, the ma
jority of whom were powerless to
minimize the extent of the catastrophe.
By the burning to the water's edge
of the Gei.aral Slocum, a three-decked
excursion steamship, the . largest in
these waters, more than 600 persons,
the majority of whom were women and
children, were burned to death or
drowned by Jumping overboard or by
being thrown ¦ into the whirlpools by
the lurching of the vessel and the
frantic rush of the panic-stricken pas
sengers. '
- Approximately 485 bodies have been
recovered and are now being tagged
at the morgues of Bellevue Hospital
and Harlem.
Divers were still busy at a late hour
taking bodies from the hold of the
vessel, which, they say, is choked with
thQ remains of human bodies, while
the bodies of scores who leaped or were
thrown j Into- the river have not been
recovered. ,*
STARTS OX FATAL TRIP.
The General Slocum had been char
tered, to carry the excursionists to Lo
cust Grove, one of the many resorts
of Long Island Sound. It Is variously
estimated that there were between 1000
,and 1500. persons on board the Slocum
when she left the pier at Third street.
Appalling Loss of Life on Fire-Swept Steam
ship Crowded by Sunday-School
Excursionists.
THE VICTIMS
Dead . ... 483
Missing . . . 300
Injured ... 250
Total .' . 1033
BURNING STEAMBOAT GENERAL SLOCUM RACING TOWARD SliORE OF NORTH BROTHER ISLAND. |
Long Raster in Of-
v ;Tice\of the Cor
; oner.
Many Let Go When
Rescue Is Near
at Hand.
The frontier is determined by a line
starting from Mount Kakontipa and
continuing easterly along the waters
to the source of the river Ireng to the
confluence of the Tactutu, following
the course of the Tactutu to where It
joins the line of the frontier estab
lished by the declaration attached to
the treaty of arbitration of Novem
ber 6, 1901. By virtue of that dec
laration all the zone In dispute In tha
east line of the frontier will belong
to Great Britain and all the part west
will belong to Brazil. The rivers
Ireng. and Tactutu will remain open
to the free navigation of both sides.
ROME.June 15. — The award of the
King of Italy in the Anglo-Brazilian
arbitration regarding the frontier of
British Guiana, which was handed to
the British Embassador and to the
Brazilian Minister here yesterday, Is
in favor of Great Britain. v
Award of Kins of Italy, to Whom Dls-
pute Was Referred, Is In Favor
of Britain.
BRITISH GUIANA FRONTIER
QUESTION IS ARBITRATED
Women and Babes
Cling to Ship's
Paddles.
Identification of
dead Proceeds
Slowly
LONDON, June 16.— A dis
patch to the Daily Express
from Tokio, dated June 15,
says news has been re
ceived there, but has not yet
been officially published, of
a great .Japanese victory
near Fuchou, on the rail
way seventy miles north of
Port Arthur. The Rus
sians, it is added, were
overwhelmed, lost a thou
sand men, left all their
£uns on the field and re
treated In disorder.
The Daily Chronicle's
correspondent at Tokio
cables the same news, add
ing that the Russians, to
the numper of 7000 men,
are now in full flight to
ward Tashichaio and Kai
chou.
Defeated Force Is in Full
Flight Toward Tasbicbaio
and KalGhou.
The robbers, however, saw the gun
boat in time to make their escape, car
rying the hides with them. The pi
rates are supposed to be the same who
have been stealing guano from the
coasts along the Gulf of California for
several months past.
The goats were the property of
Francisco Alvarez, -who holds posses
slon of the island under a Government
concession, and who has been engaged
in raising goats there for several years.
While the thieves, were still on the
island shooting and skinning the goats
word of their depredations reached
Guaymas, and the Mexican gunboat
Democrata was sent from there to take
them, f
EL PASO, Tex., Juno 15.— A telegram
to the Herald from Mazatlan says that
robbers from the coast of California
recently made a raid on the island of
Guadalupe in the Gulf of California,
shot several thousand goats and car
ried off their hides.
Special Disnatch to Tha Call.
Slavs Abandon Guns
and Retreat in .
Disorder.
Thieves Make Their Escape From th«
Island and Are Now Secreted in
the Gulf of California.
Mexican Government Sends
' Gunboat to Capture
tlie Robbers.
Loses Thousand
Men in Fuchou
Battle.
Shoot Thousands of
Goats and Carry
OH Hides.
RUSSIAN
ARMY IS
ROUTED
PIRATICAL
BAUD RAID
GUADALUPE
NEW YORK, June 16. — Six hundred persons— men, women and children— at a conservative estimate, met death yesterday by fire or drowning through the burning, beaching
and sinking of the big three-decker excursion steamship General Slocum, which took Tire in the East River, near the. entrance to 'Long Island Sound, while on her way to a
Sound resort with more than 1000 excursionists, the Sunday-school pupils of St. Mark's German Lutheran Church, their relatives and friends. At 1 o'clock this morning, accord
ing to a statement issued by Coroner O'Gorman, 483 bodies had been recovered from the^destroyed vessel; found on the shores to which they had been washed, or picked up in
the river, into which they had jumped or fallen from, the burning vessel. Tugs ; are -arriving hourly with bodies from North Brother Island.
MORE THAT SIX HUNDRED WOMEN AND CHILDREN DIE
ON FLAMING VESSEL OR LEAP OVERBOARD TO DROWN
The San Francisco Call.
r 1 ¦
I * " THE TJUBATSSS.
Alcazar — "Charley's Aunt."
California — "Secret Service."
Central — "The Octoroon."
. Columbia, — "The Proud Prince. 1 *
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Fischer'*— -V. 8."
Grand — "Du Barry."
Orpheum — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
VOLUME XCVI— XO. 16.A double mind ' is J always a bor
rowed one.
LONDON. June 16. — A dispatch to
the Dally Mail from Constantinople
says the consular reports confirm tha
destruction of many Armenian vil
lages in the Sassun district Tha
number of killed is estimated to ex
ceed 3000 Dersoru. •
.Many Armenian Villages Destroyed.
COOK ESTATE SETTLED.— Superior Judge
Kerrigan yesterday Issued a decree of settle
ment : of the final account ¦ and j distribution ot
the estate of. Pardon A/ Cook, deceased. The
heirs are his widow, ; Lizzie ' Cook; and daugh
ters Lora A. - Cook, Alice C. Swan and Ine»
C. Noble. The estate consists of $44,280 In
cash, the block bounded by Hush. Sutter Scott
and Pierce streets, and other realty/ .-.,,
HARRISBURG, Pa., June ti.— Th3
commission of Attorney General KnoX
as United States Senator to succeed
the late Senator Quay wa3 to-day pre
pared and signed by Governor Penny
packer and sent to Mr. Knox in Wash
ington. The commission runs until
the next meeting of the Legislature,
which will organize in January, 1905.
Kno.x's Commission la Signed*
NEW YORK, June 15.— North Broth
er Island Is a vast morgue. Bodies of
women and children, of young girls, in
their teens, with their loosened hair
fallen about their white faces, of babes
in arms and young boys, lay on thfc
ground, with sheets draped over them:
• Here was the body of a mother \7ith
the child she had tried to save still
clasped In her arms. Beside her. would
be a little form which the lifted sheet
disclosed to be that of a boy, perhaps
her son. Only now and then could there
be any other identification except by
numbers. So there remained nothing
for the Coroner anty the police to do ex
cept to place a numbered tag upon one
body after another before It was lifted
Pitiful Scenes While Relatives Are
Searching Among the Victlme.
ISLAND A VAST 'MORGUE.
Whitney made his home in the Easti
but spent much time in California. It
is, stated that the -estate left by Whit
ney is less than $10,000, with liabilities
in excess of this amount. "•¦¦ -
LOS ANGELES, June, 15.— An inves
tigation which has just been com
menced In the Superior Court of Or
ange County. Into the -state and af
fairs of the late Oscar -K. Whitney, for
years a prominent and respected citi
zen of Syracuse, N. Y., who died In
Los Angeles Sisters'- Hospital January
5 last, reveals the fact that Whitney la
charged by the United. States Fidelity
and Guarantee Company of Baltimore,
Md.. with fraudulently appropriating
to his own use about $50,000 of the
funds of • the People's Building, Loan
and Savings Association of Geneva, N<
Y., s of which association '¦¦ he was acting
as. assignee at the time of- his death.
tnto Results In Sensational
Developments.
Probing Affairs of New Yorker's Es-
OFFENSE IS -ALLEGED
AFTER MAN'S DEATH
Cassroann, Hattle, Infant; Gallagher, Kate.
¦ Fernlsen. Mrs.; Ferhiaen. Emma;' Fernisen,
Henry, child: Fernfsen. . Marie; • Flnklngtreck,
Kate, child; Flnebuch; boy; Fitrkow, Mrs.'An
nle; Frlesae. Ella; Friesse, Adelaide; Frerce?,
— — . man; Fries*, Frederick; Furman, Emma.
Eagle. Lulu; Bell (child); Eell. Ellle (Infant);
Eller, Joseph; Elite, Mrs. Marie. \
Josephine (chlldA; Diehm. Harry
Delvlnthal. Sophia; ' Delvlnthal. Mrs. Matti* :
Dengleiv Harriet; Denter HattU; Dooerlng.
Eda (child): Dooering.- Mrs. Ida; OorhoerTer.
Mattla (child): DorhoelTer. . Mrs. ¦ Barbara:
Dorrey, Edna.. (child) ;,DuesIer. Mrs. Lena.
Canfleld. . Henry, cook, prisoner; Clpse, Softa:
Cllne, Mra. Anna; Cllne, Harry.
B.'v;--.-;2f.-
Beget .Mary; Behren*. Frederick, child- Beh -
mm, Herman: Henach. Lulu, child; rierfln"
t rfa T r " ; , Blo n m j?, n - Mri v fc«*«w bS?£
Mlr-^t : ' ~ " *"' Bur P n y. M «*
Abesser, Kate, child; ,Addlck»es. Mm. Man
gle: Anger, Charles: Armand Mrs. Annlr
Armand., Stella, child; Attraus, Ernest, child.'
NEW YORK, June 16.— Following
J« a list of the Injured in the hos
pitals: ... , „:,,;.
Names Recorded In "the Hospitals of
Greater New York. }
PARTIAL LIST OF INJURED.
LIVERPOOL. June 15. — The man
agers of the Cunard .and White_Star
lines deny that they participated in
any conference here yesterday," at
which, according: to report, the terms
of settlement of the rate war were dis
cussed. Representatives of tho Do
minion and Allen lines and of the
Canadian Pacific conferred at Liver
pool yesterday. They determined to
meet the White Star Line's cut by
making a'50-shilling rate for third
class fares to Quebec and Montreal.
Managers of White Star and Cunartl
Lines Deny They Participated
In Any Conference.
SinTLEMEXT OP RATE
"WAR IS STILL. FAR OFF
The majority of the injured are suf
fering from burns, submersion and
shock. In addition to tne foregoing,
many were treated at; the hospitals
and sent to their homes.
Zclens, Mary (child); Zclens. Mx«. Kate;
Zundal, Mrs.. Maria.
i Webber. Annie; Weaver. Edwin, pilot, prla
\oner; Wethl. Amelia: Wentraub Carl; Wesser
Mrs. Eamestlne;- Woods, James, member of
the crew, prisoner; Wolf, Margaret; Wurstich.
Arthur (child).
Van Schack. William H., captain, prisoner;
Vaeth, William; Van Wart. Edward, crew.
prisoner.
Ullner, JLJzzie; Ullrich. Mrs. Sophia.
V.
Bchultz. Susj>n: Schultz. Paulftie; Schnatlltz.
Fred, child; Schumacher. -*-; Schuman. Mary;
Schaefer, Augusta; Schmidt. Fred; Schmidt.
Lu!a, child; Smith, Fred, child: Smith. Phll
llplna; Schlck. Henry: Scholting. Edward; Sky
rodt, Henry. Stranseld. Herman:. child;
tha Infant: Streckman. Herman. » child;
Stcickel Henry: Stlckney. Mrs.; Stiekel. Mag
gie, child: Strangefeldt. Mrs. Christina: Stack
erman> , boy; Sudderman, Anna;. Sinner,
Andrew, child. . \
V. \
Rice, Louis (child); Reina, Kate; Robinson,
Edward, of crew, prisoner; Rose. John (child);
Rosen. Grace; Rore. Wilhclmlne; Kumpf, Ada;
itumv' Adna.
S.
VerdMwttz, Kurt: Pland. James: Podenwell,
Gus: Porter. Joseph: Poner. Lewis; Post — ;
Proddick. Mrr.. Mary; Prandsicke, FranK;
Prandslckfe Mrs. Lizzie.
Mahlstedt. Anna: Mayer, George; Michael.
Georsc; Mclnhardt. Addie, child; Metter.
Georpc; Miller, Walter, child; Miller. Samuel;
Miller. Herman, chili. Miller. .Louise, child;
Msltr. Minnie, child; Miller. Grosvenor, chlM;
Miller. Err.est. «MKh MoWer. Louis, child;
M.'.al. Mr». Marie: Mueller. Simon; Muth. John;.
M*ndct Allies child; Mutz; Clustave.
- Mosewlll. Martin; Mohler. ¦ Annie; Mohler.
Emil-
Oellrtcn, Henry (child); O*mer». Mary.
I. •
Iden. Anna (child).
J.
•Jordon. Pauline; Joseph. Marsarette.
K.
Koh!sh. child; Ko!sh. Magjrle: Kampflre,
I Mildred: Kol»h Georse; Kari. Emmi; KafTett
saum. Mrs. Nellie: KaffenberKh. Kate: Kaus
,man. JuMa: Kaurfman. Mildred. Infant: Ketch.
Mrs. Elizabeth; KetehPr. Stac-y. child; Ko*p,
jAnna; Kei(Y°l. K.lna. infant; Kruffe!, Anni°;
Kruse, AJbertina; Krubseh. Martta: Kraus.
Sadie- KrlnKler, Dora, child; Kllnster. chtM;
Kler.ken, Marie: Klwer. William. child;
Kruetter. Charles: Kruster. Mary; Knuster.
| Mrs. Matilda; Kapf, John: Kubbera. William.
L.
Lein Hairy.
Lincoln. Mrs. Frederick ; Lucda. child; Lude
nay. John; Luthjcn. Autust._
II.
Heckert. Annie Hlller. Barbara
llehl. George , Hcrway. Johanna
Hrrn.ann. George Hnnn. Anna
H^ml William Hardlneamp. Mary
lUrt*. Mr*. William (child)
Holdfr. Mary Hartumr. Ksyir (child)
Huffman Jlr». EMza-Heldencamp. Jamps .
beth Hermann, c'alherlne--
Hortman. Mrs. Bophta Hlller. Sir*. Chriftlana
Hardlnramp. MaryHeUs. Frank (chlM)
(child) Hells, Henrietta (chlhi)
I.
Idsn. Grace (child) Iden, Kate
Jessler. Dabctte
K.
Ka^thlf r, Henry Klein, Mr*. Daniah
. Kramer, — (woman) Klein, Mrg. Emma
•-..« i ¦ >. Mardalene
1j. '
t.ar.n. Amllia Ix>effUr. — . (child)
Lutjens, Mrs. Kate Looblnger, Henry
Lwdwls, George ' Luedmann, Mrs. Hanna
Lander. Louis
31.
Mnnh'eur. Mamie Motzer. Mrs. Anna
May. Chariot;* Michael. — . (ch!!d>
Mchley. Mrs. Minnie Mueller, Helena
M«yer. Elizabeth Mueller. Mrs. Valeara
Movrr Mr«. Louise Mueller. Helena (child)
Mullen. Anna Mayer • Louisa.
..McUran. Michael Miller Elizabeth (In-
Mucller, Martha -fant)
Ochs (or Knox), child Olfeth, Annie
(•ullman. William H. '
-¦•- -K: •
Hhrtnger. Meta Hothman. Mrs. Emily
Koth. Lena Itolb, Helena
Roth, Mrs. Josephine
s. K>
Schmidt. Kathertne Btlnz. Mrs. August
Sehnelzier, Mrs. Lena t'enmldt, A. T.
Schwartz, Mr«. Loul?a Heh'ultz', Emma -and a
i=!rri<r!n\ Lotta child
Smith. Mrs Mary Rchultcr. — .
Sobel. Catherine Smith, Mildred
Sto«hr. Susie - ¦ ¦ Keman. — . (child)
T.
Tottebaum. Herman I
U.
Unger, Kate Ullman, Mrs. Lena
V.
Vollman. Mary Volkberg, Mary
... r w. ..,.¦ .^. . .- , •
Walter. Elizabeth Weiss, Kmlly (child)
yUedeman. Caroline .Welw, Lewis
Vi elss, Mrs. Tilly
Zeitler. Emily : ' .
Many of thg children picked up by
small boats were lashed to camp stools
and other light boat furnishings, show-
Ing that some adult had tried to make
the little ones safc\ These precautions
proved inadequate in 'the, terrific cur
rpnt and In the "whirlpools. .. .. •
Very few of trie children picked up
had on life preservers., Children cannot
get at the life, preservers on excursion
boats In this harbor.; They are lashed
to the ceilings over the decks and can
be reached only by a tall person. ~
"When shu was grounded the flames
had spre.-id over IM. entire upper and
lower decks. There was only a few
spots on the boat untouched by' the
flames and in these were piled nion
and , women who had. fainted and, fall-
Ins, pinned others to the deck.
"The men from the tugs who could
get near the steamship- shouted for
those on board to Jump and then the
small boats picked them up by the
score." , ; . ...'.. - .. ; •
"As we made for the shore the cap
tain blew his whistle in one continu
ous blast and soon. boats of nil descrip
tions were making for us from every
side of the, river. I was rescued by
a launch just as the boat settled close
to th«? shore. "
"I endeavored" for, a few minutes to
break through the mad. crush and get
to my mother and little. brother, but I
was swept into one corner of the bqat
and held there, unable to move.
"As the boat kept on her way the
breeze drove the flames toward the
sifter part of the steamer, whsre those
who In the panic had not Jumped over
board were huddled, together. - It
seemed but a Jew seconds before the
flames had swe^t dowrf upon the chil
dren, who 'were struggling about the
icecream tables, and set their cloth
ing'ablaze. They all clashed to the
after part of the steftmer. In a stam
pede that carried those who were near
the, rail overboard against their will.
At one time it schemed to me as if the
women and children were pouring
over the sides like r waterfall..
carried them toward the rocks on both
shores. . : \ '• .
BIRDPETK VIEW SHOWING THE c6tTRSE FOM^OWED HY THE l.'NFORTKNATE GENERAL 8I.OCUM FROM THE TIMH-SHE
LEFT HER pOCK WITH THE EXCURSION P\KTV ON .HOARD UNTIL. HEK CHARRED HULK WAS RUN AGROUND IN
THE SHALLOW WATER OFF NORTH DROTHER ISLAND. . ,.
John Kdell. 22 years old. one of the
survivors of the disaster, gave the fol
lowing account of his terrible experi
ence, his mother and little brother hav
ing b^en drowned before his eyes:
"When we left the pier the decks
were packed to the limit of their ca
pacity. The band was playing, the
children were frolicking about, and we
were having a flue time. As we neared
Hell Gate the children were called
down to. the lower deck, where ice
cream and soda water were served.
They were literally falling over one
another In • an effort to , get to the
tables which held the refreshments.
With my mother and my lHtle brother
Paul, I went to the engine-room to
watch the machinery.
"Suddenly there was a burst of flame
that rushed up through the engine
room and flashed cut about us. The
flames spread with the rapidity of an
explosion, setting fire to the clothing of
the women and children who were
grouped about the engine-room watch
ing the machinery. .
"There was the most terrible panic
as the burning . women* and children
rushed out among t'.iose surrounding
the Icecream " and soda water tables.
In the terrible scramble my mother and
little brother were swept away from
me and carried toward the. side where
the children and women, with ;thelr
clothes : burning, had begun-' to Jump
Into the water. The flames spread In
bursts that soon had the entire /deck
enveloped. : ,'¦/.--'
"The crew was helpless to render any
assistance or make efforts: to check the
advance of the fire. We were just pass-
Ing out through Hell Gate when the fire
started. The captain headed the boat
toward North Brother Island and the
pilots, whd were with him, yelled fran
tically to us to stay aboard until they
beached the boat. . But in a moment
after the flames had burst from the
engine-room j great . numbers began ; to
jump overboard. -The women were wild
with fright, and picking up their chil
dren leaped into the whirlpools that
"I got- my wife and daughter out on
the rail and then we went overboard.
I was in such an excited state that I
do not remember whether we were
hurled over or jumped.
'When I struck the water I «ank and
when I arose there Were scores about
me fighting to k-ep afir.at. ¦ One by one,
I saw them sink »i round me. But I
was powerless to do anything.
"With a great effort I managed to
keep afloat, but my strength was about
gone when a man on one of 'the 'tugs
picked me yp."
Paul Lebenmv. one of the passengers
who was on' board, says a ferry-boat
passed near the burning steamship,
but offered no assistance.
"I believe that ' the first that, fell
into the water were crowded over
board. After this there seemed to be
a general Inclination to Jump. The
women and children went over the rail
ings like files. -
"In *ihe great crush many women
fainted and foil to the deck, to be tram
pled upon. Little children were knocked
down.
"When /the fire shot up to the top
deck and drove the crowd back the
panic wag terrible to witness. The
women and children clung to the rail
ings and stanchions, but could not keep
their holds. I. with my wife and
daughter, was swept along! with the
rest. S '
Rev. George C. F. Haas, pastor of the
church, was saved, but his wife, Ger
trude, and his daughter. Anna, are
among the dead. Haas told the story
of the disaster.
"The fire started in the kitchen, In
the forward part,' when we were oft
One Hundred and Thirty-fourth street,"
he said. "I understand that some fat
that boiled over started the blaze. At
that time most of the women and chil
dren were Jammed in the rear end of
the boat, where the band was playing.
"Why the captnln did not point the
boat for tho Meadows I do not under
stand. He kept on and the fresh wind
drove the fire back on the decks. In
thr»e minutes from the time the fire
Etaftfd ell the decks were ablaze. Such
scenes as followed I do think were ever
witnessed before! I was In the rear of
the bo.it with my wife and daughter.
Women were shrieking and clasping
their children in their arms. Some
others had as many as three or four
with them.
the dock, where he and Van Tassel
pulled a number of nejrsons out of the
water.
Patrolman Kilt had a similar expe
rience. He said he tried to quiet the
passengers on his deck, but could not,
and when the decks gave way he fell
Into the water with them, swimming to
"I got on the side of the boat," he
said, "and tried to quiet the people, In
which I succeeded to some extent. A
few minutes later the upper deck gave
way and I was carried down with the
others into the water. I managed to
swim to a dock on North Brother Isl
and." >*./'..
NEW YORK, June 15.— One of the
first to go to the work of rescue was
Rev. Father Oonlan of St. Jerome's
Catholic Church. On hearing the news
of the disaster Father Donlan gathered
other priests arid started for the water
front. Although they knew it Wa*s 'a.
Lutheran picnk 1 , the priests felt that
It was their duty to give religious con
solation to all whom they encountered.
Father Donlan gave religious consola
tion to forty-five persons, forty-three
of whom died. •
When the news of the disaster be
came known there was a rush of tele
phonic and personal Inquiries at the
home of the pastor of the church,
George A. Haas. Geoige A Haas, son
of the pastor,, was the only member of
the family at home, and it fell to him
to inform all those who Inquired that
the reports were true.
As the news spread in the parish
crowds flocked around the church and
the parsonage and the scene was a pit
iful one. Large number* boarded the
elevated trains and hastened to One
Hundred and Thirty-eighth street,-
Business practically was at a standstill
in the neighborhood.
The two policemen on the boat were
William Van Tassel and George Kilt,
both of the harbor squad, who had been
detailed on the excursion. Van Tassel
was on the main deck, while Kilt was
stationed on the upper deck forward.
Van Tassel was . one ' of the first to
reach the main land from North Broth
er Island. He said that he heard what
he believed to be an explosion. Every
body screamed, and some men assisted
women to put on life-preservers, while
others appeared to be excited and were
unable to do anything.
ing Details of Tragedy.
Survivors of the Rlocnm Tell Harrow-
PRIESTS GIVE CONSOLATION.
Meanwhile the Slocum burned to
the water's edge. At 12:25 o'clock,
two hours and twenty-five minutes af
ter the fire was discovered, she sank.
It 13 estimated there were; then nearly
100 charred bodies on her decks. Ju~t
after the steamship sank the water
near by was black with bodies. The
tug finally succeeded In picking up
eighty-eight charred corpses in Hunts
Cove, off Rikers Island, and carried
them into the sound. None of these
bodies, it is believed, can ever be
identified.
The scene was pitiable in fhe ex
treme as the living and the dead were
brought in. Rows of bodies were
stretched along the beach. Frantic
men went along looking at one after
another, searching for children and
friends. Women with disfigured faces,
their clothing partially stripped -from
them, were carried to the Improvised
emergency hospital, crying for chil
dren who had been torn from them
in the mad rush when the boat took
fire.
As the bodies of living and the dead
were taken out of the water those
alive were taken to the hospitals on
the island or sent across the river to
hospitals In Manhattan. Here ambu
lances from almost all the hospitals in
Greater New York and every 'other
scrt of conveyance which could be
found were put Into service.' ¦ .
For hours the bodies of the burned
and the drowned drifted ashore on the
isfand and between One Hundred and
Thirty-f.rst and One Hundred and
Thirty-eighth streets in Manhattan.
Some persons came ashore still alive.
Many of these died, but others -will
recover.
The scene on North Brother Island,
as described by the rescuers, was a
pitiful one. Body after body was
washed ashore or brought In by boats
and added to the long row on the
beach. Fifty-three persons died while
the doctors were attending them.
The point where the Slocum beach
ed was Just off the scarlet fever ward
on North Brother Island. The pa
tients who had ; been out on the
porches and lawns watching the ap
proach of the burning vessel were or
dered Indoors and the physicians on
the island hastened to the assistance
of those who were being brought
ashore through the shallow water.
Many of those who leaped from the
Slocum were carried away by the cur-'
rent even after she was beached and
were drowned.
LOXG ROWS OF DEAD.
; ¦•¦ • •
the crew of the Tracey,. which re
mained alongside until the tug's pilot
house took fire.
The policemen and the crew were
unable to release the bodies without
further mutilating them and arrange
ments were made to hoist ihc hatch
way with the bodies to it to the deck
of the Fidelity.
Amc-ng the boats that hurried to the
succor of the stricken passengers were
several tuss of the New York Central
and Hudson Railroad Company, the
auxiliary catboat Easytimes. the
Health Department steamer Massa
sert. These, with a swarm of row
boats manned by willing hands, ap
proached as near the blazing vessel
2rs was possible and rescued scores of
people. The Franklin Edson went so
close to the burning steamship that her
own palni was scorched. The crew of
the tug, however, stuck bravely to
their work and saved many "women
and children from a terrible death.
The fire had possession of the boat
from stem to stern by the time she
was off One Hundred and Eightieth
street. The fire boat Sophar Mills was
summoned from its moorings at the
foot of East Ninety-ninth street and
was soon on the scene, its crew lend
ing valuable aid in saving life.
To-night a crowd is held back by po
lice lines formed about the City
Morgue at the foot of East Twenty
sixth street. The crowd began to
gather as soon as it became rumored
about the city that the dead would be
brought to Manhattan, from North
Brother Island and other*- places where
at first the dead had been taken. When
the Massasert came to dock with
eighty-five dead., the work of remov
ing the bodies from the steamer pro
ceeded slowly until no more were found
and the autopsy-room was cleared and
the blackened and distorted bodies
were placed on the floor there. >j.v"
When, finally the Morgue authorities
allowed the crowd to enter the Morgue
a scene ensued which was harrowing
In the extreme. In some cases Identi
fications first were found to have be«n
erroneous, men laying claim to bodies
and afterward discovering that they
were not those of their relatives.
At the entrance of the morgue the
crowd to-night tried to push past the
police and a riot resulted. At the
height of the trouble a man who had
learned that his wife was among Ik*
dead tried to stab himself.
• All the while men in search of wives,
children or sisters were picking their
way from one covered forrr- to another
and as a face was uncovered and the
sheet turned bark upon it there was
renewed hope that after all those
sought' might be saved." or, at ths
worst, were only suffering at one or
the other of the hospitals.
Now and then a searcher was sadly
rewarded. A man would be seen to
fall upon his knees beside a form under
the trees, but it was seldom that one
could hear more than a stifled groan.
Mcfct pitiful of all was the grief of
one who found not one, but two or
three, of hi3 family among the dead,
as happened on several occasions, for
many a man was left not" only a wid
ower, but childless.
Boats are still ratroling the section
of thA stream where bodies might be
found and many are recovered as the
search continues. It will be days be
fore there can be any certainty that
no bodies still remain to be given up
by the river.
Many of the bodies cannot be iden
tified. Heads, legs and arms are
burned off and not a shred of clothing
is left on 'any of them.
What looked like a big hatchway,
on which were five or six charred bod
ies, was seen floating in the cove at
Hunts Point and towed carefully
alongside the Fidelity. The wood wai
badly charred and bodies seemed to
stick to it.
into one of the wagons and transferred
to a boat which bore it to one or other
of the city morgues.
In a paper bag, with its correspond
ing number, was laid away such Jew
elry or other means of Identification 1 as
could be found.
"No. 64. woman, one gold watcn.
one gold guard ring." was the char
acteristic inscription for one of these
bags.
Piled one above another in a basket
which follov.ed the Coroner on his
rounds, the bags accumulated in in
creasing numbers as the first estimates
of the loss of Hfe had to give away to
what at first had seemed to. be absurd
and exaggerated guesses as to the
number of victims of the disaster.
When a few more than 100 bodies hud
been recovered and the task of num
bering and tagging them was all un
der way. it semed that the end was in
sight, though , there were still hun
dreds of persons to be accounted for.
Many were the pathetic sights wit
nessed. Bodies of little children were
brought fn. clasped in each other's:
arms. So strong had death fastened
their hold on each other that whan
"lifted into the boat their arms were
still interlocked.
The work of recovering and tagging
bodies went on until more than 100 had
been recovered, after it had been hoped
that the river had already 1 "en up
most of its dead— after the watchers
and workers had sighed with relief
that the worst was over.
It was Just before she beached that
her hurricane deck, . the supports of
which had burned away, fell with its
load of women, and children,: adding
to the panic and horror of those on
the deck below. Very *oon the after
parts of the second and third decks
also caved *tn. Just before this oc
curred v the tug Walter Tracey had
come alongside and 'the burning
steamship had been lashed to It Many
of the passengers -were taken off by
Through all the wild panic, during
all that inferno, with fire and- smoke
surrounding . them, the officers and
men of the doomed boat remained at
their poets, but they were powerless
to avert the catastrophe.
The Slocurn got within fifty feet of
the northwest pier- of North Brother
Island and there stopped in the shal
low water.
HEROISM OP THE . CREW.
It was an experience harrowing and
terrible and that any escaped alive
seems wonderful. < -' . • '
In the wake of the Slocum as she
hurried up stream was a line of little
black specks, showing the heads of
those who had sought to escape the
roaring furnace of the ship by throw
ing themselves overboard.
Few of those saved by the small
boats had on life preservers. At no
time during the progress of the fire
was there an opportunity to either
lower the lifeboats or to get out the
life preservers. This, perhaps, gives an
idea of the rapidity with which the
flames swept the decks.- ' • —
On the' Slocum the first sweep of
the flames cut off escape from the hur
ricane deck, where a great many of
the women and children were crowded
together, and soon burned away the
light wood of the uprights, which
came down with a crash on those be
low. It is thought that most' of those
on the hurricane deck were burned.
As the fire increased the struggle
to rain a point of vantage at the stern
"became frightful. Women and chil
dren crowded against the aft rail un
til it gave way and hundreds were
pushed off into the river. After this
there was a steady stream of persons
who Jumped or were thrown into the
water.
FIHE CUTS OFF ESCAPE.
The steamship's whistle was blow
ing for assistance and tugs and other
nearby craft answered the call. ' Be
fore any of the boats coulrl reach the
burning vessel, however, the fr.intic
¦women and children began to jump
overboard. The current was strong
and there are many whirlpools In the
channel. The boats that always
abound in that vicinity picked many
passengers from ihe water, but these
v.-ere only a Email number of those
who were seen struggling in the swift
current.
Ey this time the flames were rushing
by leaps and bounds from the forward
part of the ship aft. The great open
decks, built for excursionists, offered
a. clear sweep for the fire.
As the Slocum dashed forv/ard the
flames caught stanchion and cabin
woodwork, eating and tearing their
way across the vessel.
The excursionists, but a few minutes
before in the full enjoyment of an
ideal summer's day on Long Island
Sound, were driven to the after part
of the steamship to escape the h'jat.
flames ard smoke that were constantly
Increasing. Policemen and deckhands
aboard the boat struggled hard to quiet
the panic, but their efforts were in
vein. The wild disc-rder increased as
frantic mothers sought their children
who had been at play about the decks.
Changing the big Fteamship's course
slightly, he headed her for North
Brother Island, a half mile away.
FLAMES QUICKLY SPREAD.
The steamship after leaving her dock
this morning proceeded up the East
River, all three of her decks crowded
¦with merrymakers. Bands played and
the great sidewheekr was decorated
with flags from stem to stern.
The Slocum had reached a point near
the Sunken Meadows off One Hundred
and Thirty-fifth street. Manhattan,
which is at the extreme eastern end of
Randalls Island, when fire broke out
in a luncheon room on the forward
deck. The blaze was caused by the
overturning of a pot of grease.
The wir.d almost instantly fanned the
insignificant flame into a fury. The
blare spread like lightning. Captain
Van Schaick, in the pilot-house, had
been informed of the outbreak of the
fire and being aware of the danger,
decided to send his vessel to shore at
One Hundred and Thirty-fourth street.
At this point there are a number of
lumber yards and several huge oil
tanks and the captain was warned
that to attempt to land at this point
would endanger the property and per
haps further imperil the scores of per
sons who had already been frightened
into a state of almost uncontrollable
excitement.
NEW YORK. Jur.e 15.— The three
decked Fteamshin General Slocum of
the Knickerbocker Steamboat Company
burned to the water's edge off North
Brothers Island, East River, at the en
trance to Li.nc Island Sound, to-day,
resulting in the death through burning
or drownlns of at least 6U0 persons,
mostly women and children. Four hun
dred and ninety-tight bodies had been
recovered to-day' and divers were at
work taking bodies from the hold of
the steamship. The remains of many
j.» -i Ki.iis u ho lea:»ed into the river have
not yet been found, and it will bo many
hours before the list of dead is any
where near complete.
The General Slocum, one of the
largest excursion steamships in these
waters, left Third street. East River, at
S:30 o'clock this morning, having on
board the Sunday-school excursion of
St. Mark's German Lutheran Church,
located on Sixth street. Her destina
tion was Locust Grove, one of the
many resorts on Long Island Sound.
The excursion was in charge of Rev.
George C. Haas, pastor of the church.
The vessel was commanded by Cap
tain W. A. Van Schairk. one of the best
known excursion beat captains in New
York harbor. He has commanded the
Slocum for almost the entire time since
fhe was built, in 1S91.
ALL DECKS ARE CROWDED.
Mothers With Clothing on
Fire Seize Babes and
Leap Overboard.*
, H.
Hackett' ¦ Maggie (child): Haeff. . Aspics
(child)- Hanna. Caroline: Hartman. Clara
child)! HartW Minnie: Hencen. Lucr: Ho.*
£r 'jaioba; ; H?At. Benamin (child); Hopmmn.
Morris; Helckert. Mrs. Eva.
child; Graves,. Anna.
Continued From Page \ 1, Column 6.
Frightful - Panic Follows
the First Sweep of
the Flames.
Identification of Those Who Perished on the General Slocum Proceeds
' Slowly Throughout the Hours of the Night £
MAD STRUGGLE
ON THE DOOMED
VESSEL'S DECKS
GRIM ROSTER OF DEAD IN CORONER'S OFFICE GROWS
HOURLY AS BOATS BRING IN VICTIMS OF DISASTER
THE . SAN ERANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, JUNE, 1«, 1904
COLLAPSE OF HURLS HUNDREDS INTO SEETHING FURNACE VESSEL'S HOLD
G.
GaRc. Grace '• ¦ ¦ Geotz, Katlierlne
Gallarr.er, Agnes (In-Grafflnga. Lillle
¦fant) ¦ Grimm, Selma
Getscr. Kate Gelsler. Edith
Gtotz. Albert
2HOUSE BURGLAIIT REPORTED.— Mrs.
Cbaney of 44-1 Eddy atreet reported to the
police that her house at 917 Jones street had
been entered and robbed of $183 worth of fur-
TO QUIET TITLK.— John R. Altken as
(tuardian of Mary Voorman, who has been In
the asylum at Stockton ever since 18TS. yes
terday brought sutt against the Voorman Com
pany and the heirs of Henry Voorman to quiet
title to the property at Jackson street and
Sullivan alley. The defendants claim an in
tare*t In It. v
SAN JOSE. June 15.— I»cal tinners
are still holding out for $4 a day. The
strike is peculiar, in that it was or
dered by the District Council of the
Tin and Sheet Metal "Workers at San
Francisco, , but has not received the
sanction of the Building Trades Coun
cil of this city, with which the local
union is affiliated.
Tinners Still on Strike.
It is thought that F. I* Parsons will
be named as Judge of the. Fourth Cir
cuit .Court instead of Gilbert Little,
whose decisions have caused much
trouble, and Judge W. S. Edings of the
Third Circuit will be succeeded by a
lawyer named Matthewson. "
WASHINGTON, June 15.— The Presi
dent will shortly announce some Judi
cial appointments in Hawaii. v 'Among
the number will be three Justices, of
the Territorial Court. The. present
Justices are W. F. Frear, Clinton A.
Galbralth . and Antonio PSrry. It is
said that only Judge Frear will be re
appolnted. In place of the other two
it is asserted there will be named J.
F. Hartwell and F.M. Hatch, who was
the Minister df Hawaii to the United
States ¦ at . one time. There has been
some troubles ln the affairs of the
court ! and there will be a reorganiza
tion. - ¦ . '.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TO EE0KGANIZE COURT
A : schooner will, be chartered and a
year will be consumed in the trip. • Di
rector- Loomls of the Academy museum
states that the matter is only in its
beginning, and no date has been set for
the sailing of the expedition. The Gal
apagos : Islands once teemed s with • ani
mal life not to be found elsewhere. It
is passing away. Several scientific ex
peditions — one from Stanford Univer
sity—have visited that group and have
returned with many . valuable speci
mens, one of which was the great land
tortoise, now becoming rare. .-, §g
The Academy of Sciences is prepar
ing to send an expedition" to ¦ the Gala
pagos Islands for the purpose of col
lecting specimens of animals and island
birds that are rapidly becoming ex
tinct. H. T. A. Huss of the department
of botany and William Hunter of the
entomological department of the Uni
versity of California and a party of
scientists are to ¦ accompany the expe
dition. '
A Party of State University Profes
sors Arc to Visit the Galapagos
Islands. \
SCIENTIFIC TURTLE
HUNTING EXPEDITION
President Will Shortly An
nounce Some Judicial Ap
pointments in Hawaii
NEW JUSTICES
TO BE NAMED
Rev. J. P. Frieden. Her. Joseph Hickey,
ReT D. J. Mahoney, James R. JKelly, John
E. Fitzpatrick. John S. Welbank. Dr. S. J.
Cunningham, Dr. J. V. Hughes. John O'Qara,
Gtorre Rice. Dr. Thomas Egan, William Mc-
Cann. Joseph Thomas, Harry Kelly. M. II.
Warrfn, Charles MeAullffe. Edward J. Duffy,
John <E. Pope, Edward Llncitt, John Nicholson.
Dr. J F Pnurla?. K. T. Kavanaugh. A.
Bchweltxer. E. J. Dervan. M. Seib. O. Steigcr.
John C. Ryan. C. Milliard. Martin Ballard.
James F2anar*n. Joseph H. Fego, J. Gartland.
William CEhaufrhnessy, Dr. K. O. Steers. J.
D. Bayreuther, Dennis Gearon, Bernard Orad
ley. U M. McKlnley. W. J. Sullivan, T. J.
O 1 Brlen. Joseph H. Kelly. Dennis Titian,
Anthony Smith, William T. Snow. Thomas
Foiey, Charles Wlljrus. C. Frechettet, Joseph
Curran. Lawrence Repan. J. Donohue. Georpre
Connelly. Samuel McKadden, Thomas Clark.
R»v. Henry Whittle. Rev. B. Calzla. Rev.
Joseph Walshe, John Coulson. Maurice J. Pope.
Frank C. Cleery. William O'Shaughnessy, John
K Vevoda. Charles Ebner, M. H. Hesslon.
James Meacher, Robert J. Wrljcht., Frank J.
Summers. William A. Breen. David J. Cos
tello. Robert Hay. Robert Byrnes. Theodore
Wiltx. Timothy Sheehan. E. J. Haynes. J. E.
Lavlolette, Joceph Conroy. George Vevoda,
David Fox, .Daniel McLJnden. T. Brennan.
Jchn Wanamacher. E. Hoey. A. E. McDonald.
Im. A. Golden. J. A. Grennon. W. J. Carroll.
J. V. Co«tello, O. w. Bayreuther. Charles
Flttpatrlck. J. E. Comyn. P. R. Ward. Charles
McGlnley. Owen McCann, M. H. Kelly. M. J.
Dolan. H. J. Ekehan, John Cunningham,
Samuel McFadden. G. D. Sullivan. Charles
Beardiley. F. Heffernan. James Lonergan and
one hundred and fifty others.
In the handsomely decorated ban
quet hall of the/Occidental Hotel, the
Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Ignatius
Church held its first annual banquet
last night. Following the grace said
by the Very Rev. J. P. Frieden Toast
master John E. Fitzpatrick introduced
the first speaker, James P. Kelly, who
reviewed the work and progress of the
sodality. Rev. Joseph Hickey re
sponded to the toast "Our Sodality."
Rev. D. J. Mahoney responded to
"Duty of the Catholic Laity," Rev.
Henry Whittle to "The Gymnasium,"
and George Connelly to "Fraternity."
Pleasing musical selections were ren
dered by St. Ignatius Choral Society
and solos by Harry Kelly, Robert
Byrnes and T. Wiltz.
The committee of arrangements
comprised Dr. J. V. Hughes, Dr. S. J.
Cunningham, William O'Shaughnessy
and John S. Welbank.
Among those present were the fol
lowing:
Many Gucrts Gather Around Festal
Board to Lteton to Music
and Speeches.
The Fourth of July committee met
last night at the California Hotel and
outlined a programme for the events
on Independence day. The- parade
will start at 10:30 a. m., probably
from Battery v and Market streets.
There will be representatives from the
National Guard, League of the Cross
Cadets, regular army and several in
dependent organizations.
Father Caraher, chairman of the
literary committee, reported that lit
erary exercises will be held at the Al
hambra Theater at 2 o'clock*. The
programme will be exclusively patri
otic. Miss Annie Rooney will sing
a song, the Knickerbocker quartet
will render . several selections and
many professional entertainers will
probably appear. The chaplain 'of the
day will offer a prayer at the begin
ning of the exercises.
The fireworks committee reported
that there will be a grand display at
all the principal parks and public
places. The exact locations have not
yet been decided upon. The commit
tee will meet again Saturday evening,
when the final details will probably
be arranged. . ¦
Many Militnry Organizations Will Pa
rade and Well Known Vocalists
Will Sing at Exercises.
Mitchell left work in a similar way
some time ago and was absent several
days, during which he wandered about
the streets. It is believed that he was
demented at times. Thomas Mitchell,
the boy's father, i« an attache of the
Sheriff's office.
The lad lived with his brother-Jn
law and his sister, Mrs. W. S. Dent
at 2002 Pine street. He left his work
voluntarily last Wednesday after In
forming his employers that he was sick
and was going home. He went home
on Friday night and left on Saturday
morning without letting his relatives
know that he was not working. The
note is not addressed and reads as fol
lows:
I am tired of life. I beg that you (that Is
whoever has the «ay of these matters) will not
try to find! out who I am, because the blow
will b« a hard one on those I love. May God
blei-s them all and forgive me. My life has
been a lonely one, and I think I am better out
of jthp world thsn in it. Dispose of my remains
or^o whatever you want with them. But re
member my la»t wish and keep It. This Is
euch a cold, cheerless world for me. I cannot
face those whom 1 wronged, as my conscience
fmltes me, but I hope. I am forgiven. My
home was a good one. but I grew BO restless.
I cannot help it. Oh, how my heart aches me!
I thank those who were so kind to tne, but I
must end this. Good-by.
C. Bonis, landlord of the rooming
house at 435 Fourth street, saw a news
paper yesterday morning stuffed
under the door of one of the rooms
and, suspecting something wrong,
forced an entrance and found Freder
ick Mitchell dead in bed with the gas
burner half opened and the room full
of gas. Mitchell was 19 years old, and
up to last Wednesday had been em
ployed as elevator boy with Hoffman,
Rothchild & Co. A note In Mitchell's
handwriting was found ln the room.
No money was found ln his pockets,
he having paid his last quarter of a
dollar for the rent on the preceding
evening.
SODALITY HOLDS ITS
FIRST ANNUAL BANQUET
PROGRAMME FOR FOURTH
OF JULY IS OUTLIXED
CITY OF MEXICO. June 15. — Mora than
1500 mile* of railroad, it is said, are to be
built In Mexico under the direct auspices of
the Mcrtnon church. It ls expected the road
trill run from Ameca, ln the State of Jalisco,
to Cludad Juarez, opposite El Paso. Tex.
TREKA. June IZ>.— The body of W. C.
Measure was found in a pasture on the Huse
man ranch yesterday afternoon. A card
showed that he was a member of Boilermakers'
Union Xo. S3.
Leaves a Despondent Xote
in Which He Says That
Conscience Smites Him
MRS. ZEILE'S WILL —Frederick W Zelle
3 • sierday petiticnei the Superior Ccurt for the
pvotmSM of the vVA of his late vife. Sophie
Zeile. The estate consist* chiefly of a
lourth tntfrfrt in the estate of Carolina Frnlth
dc S^.ta Marina, valued at more than S10.000
The heir* are the hm-hand and two daughters.
FINDS THE WORLD COLD
BUNKER HILL DAT BANQUET.— Son* of
thw American P.evolutlca will hold a banquet
cvn the asnlversarj- of the battle of Bunker
U!!l. June 17. at the Occid?r.tal Hotel. Prom-
Jr.ent ti*&ker» will ai'ir^r j» the society.
WASHIXGTOX. June 15.— The fol
lowing Californlans arrived here to
day: At the New Wlllard— Mr. and
Mrs. Percy T. Morgan, G. E. Standish
and 'Dr. and Mrs. Clark Bumham of
San Francisco-" Mrs. C. E. Keller. J. B.
Alexander. Mrs. J. B. Alexander, Mr.
and Mrs. T. J. Douglas, Thomas J.
Douglas and Miss Bessie Hinton of L03
Angeles. At the Raleigh— B. C. Vane
mon. T. Hammerschlag. Robert A. Mc-
Lean. A. P. Johnson, Mrs. M. J. Mur
phy and Mlsa Agnes Murphy of San
Francisco, and Mr. and Mrs. Lewis c.
Carlisle of Los Angeles. At the Rigga
House — Louis E., Katherine W. and
Bertha L. Brehm of Berkeley.
California^ In Washington.
Fred Mitchell. Believed to
Be Demented, Hires a
Room and Kills Himself
ELEVATOR BOY
WHILES GAS
She is suffering from tumor in the
thoracic region which pefies surgical
treatment, the rapid growth of which
must quickly end her life. Her nearest
relatives are with her.
PARIS, June 15.— Mrs. George Crock
er of Xew York is lying dangerously
111 at the Hotel Vendome in this city,
end her death is momentarily ex
pected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Suffering From a Tumor in
Thoracic Region Which
Defies Simncai Treatment
SBELA Tl V ES SODI0XEI)
Tembley rolled up his sleeves and ex
hibited several deep marks which he
said were made by the women's teeth.
"It was a perfect hell in the water all
around the steamer at that time/ I
climbed up on the wheel several feet
and then Jumped out head first as far
as I could and dived under the water in
order to get away from those women
who were swarming around that side
of the steamer."
"Just then another child that had
been thrown overboard floated near me
and I put it in the boat. Then I
swam to the wheel of the steamer and
started to climb up the paddles. There
were a half dozen women around me.
pulling me down. They bit me on
the arm."
"Just before I leaped I took my cap
and fanned out the flames in an old
woman's dress.
"When I came to the surface after
going down the first time a guy came
up with a rowboat. I put the two
children in the boat. He said: 'Get in
yourself.' I said, 'Xo, I am a good
swimmer. There are lots of women
here.'
NEW YORK. June 15.— William W.
Tembley, one of the deckhands arrest
ed, came here recently from San Fran
cisco.' In his statement, to -Coroner
Berry he said: "We had about 1100 per
sons aboard. The fire started* in" the
forward cabin, which was used as a
storeroom, below the main deck. I don't
know what started it. I ran forward
and assisted the first engineer to
stretch a hose up to the forward deck.
This didn't do anv good, because we
couldn't get any water through the
hose. I went to the promenade deck
forward, where I pulled down four
strings of life preservers.
"There was a panic. It was absolute
ly hell. Men and women and children
grabbed for preservers. I tried to put
one on three times, and they were torn
away from me.
"Finally I got my hands through the
armholes of a life-preserver, grabbed
two children ¦ and Jumped overboard,
pulling the children by the hand. I
think I was the first to Jump over
board.
San Franciscan Says Women Bit Him
in Tlieir Frenzied Struggles.
SAVES LIVES' OF .BABIES.
3Irs. George Crocker of Xew
York Is Reported to Be
Dying in a Pans Hotel
MEDICAL SKILL
IS UNAVAILING
Certainly the Tivoli powers-that-be
received a piece of her mind, and Miss
Dora de Fillippi will sing Annabel in
"Robin Hcod" next week.
"Of course I spoke of the manner
in which Miss Stfton had been treat
ed," said Miss Redledge last night,
"for it was a shame. I said so to Mr.
Strine and he sent me to Mr. Leahy.
To-day as I came past the Tivoli just
before rehearsal the first thing I saw
was a big flaming handbill <ot 'Robin
Hood* and my name was not on It.
I asked Mr. Leahy to come and ex
plain it all. and he said explanations
were not in order. When I got home
j I found a note from the theater telling
i me that my contract was canceled. '
"One of the managers of the Tivoli
! said he wished I were a man. For his
special benefit I heartily wish I were
for a short time. I have sung In the
East and in London with the best of
companies and neither Miss Sefton nor
myself had to come out here to the
Tivoli to be told after only two j-e
hearsals that we can't sing. But we'll
not bother the Tivoli over the matter.
They may cancel our contracts — a
clause gives them that power — but we
claim the two weeks?' notice and fare
back to Xew York. They have treated
us coarsely and shabbily."
Last week Miss Sefton and her "Ser
geant Kitty" went down and yester
day .her friend ¦ and comrade. Miss
Flcrye Redledge. who had been cast in
Miss Sefton's place to warble Anna
bel's lines in "Robin Hood" next week,
was taken off after two rehearsals.
The management gives as a reason
for this' second change in the song bill
that Miss Redledge's work as shown
in the rehearsals was not satisfactory,
but the singer avers in several octaves
that her fellowship, friendship and
championship for and of Miss Sefton
is the threefold reason of her dis
mirsaL
The Tivoli stage tempests have
wrecked another singer, and the lost
chords have blown away in shreds of
sound.
The following officers have been
elected by Carpenters' Union Xo.
483:
President. William Quinter: vice-president,
Edward Bacon; recording secretary, C. I* Ap
peryon: ' financial secretary. Guy Lathrop;
treasurer, O. M. V. Roberts; warden, W. H.
McSusan; conductor. R. 1 D. Quintel; trustee,
F. B. Evans; auditors — W. A. Cole and Carl
reterson; delegates to District Council of Car
penters — Edward Bacon. F. J. Kreamer, E.
McNeil. Carl Peterson. I. McDonald, W. J.
Kli'.d. J. D. Vanderbilt. W. II. Hutchlnson. J.
E. Burke and O. M. V. Roberts; alternates —
Aujrust Lund. Thomas Curran and J. W. Ma
loney.
President, Thomas McGuire; vice president.
John Ramney; recording? secretary, J. O. Fal
lon: treasurer, F. M. Prendergast; trustee, E.
J. Fisher; warden. Frederick Alanchester; con
ductor; W. A. . Hanlon; trustee Progressive
I'laning Mill, Joseph Sullivan: trustee Organ
ized Labor. W. II. BemtM; auditing commlt
tee^ — II. Kenltaer; delegates to District Coun
cil of Carpenters — H. J. Schober. George Gil
more, W. • Miller, Frank Prender^ast. W. F.
Doyle and Joseph Sullivan: ISuildlng Trades
Council — Thomas McGuire, Henry J. Schober,
J. G. Fallon. J. White. M. Welch. A. Ralph.
W. H. Bemlss and John Ramsey.
At the last -meeting of Millmen's
Union Xo. 423 the following officers
were elected for the ensuing term:
The prospects for an. early -settler
rnent of the differences existing be
tween the freight handlers and the
Southern Pacific Company are now
regarded as good. Yesterday a com
mittee from the employes had a con
; ference with General Manager Mark
"harri of the railroad company. It
lasted for more than an hour, and
•though, the head of the company
declined to state just what occurred
at this' meetius'-it was learned later
that a proposition was made to the
• committee of men. which departed
seemingly well pleased with the man
ner in which it had been treated.
| Though the railroad company has not
expressed itself ready to recede from
its stand on the question of advanced
wages, it is prepared to afford its
\ former employes a,n opportunity to
1 return' to" thftlf'/work' with the least
; possible embarrassment.
The United Confederate Veterans
elected Lieutenant General Stephen D.
Lee 'of Columbus, Miss., commander in
chief, and General W. L». Cabell of Dal
las, Texas, commander of the' Trans-
Mississippi Department. \ <
The convention voted to hold the
next reunion at Louisville. The vet
erans will have their annual parade
to-morrow morning. Owing to the in
creasing infirmities of the old soldiers
the route was almost cut In two" to
day by those 1 having' the' parade in
charge.
Central Park this afternoon the corner
etone of a monument to the private
soldiers of the Confederacy, the tribute
of the Nashville veterans, to the en
listed men, was laid with Impressive
ceremonies under the direction of the
Masonic fraternity. The orator of -the
day was Henry Watterson of Louis-*
vllle. Ky. - ' - • V
NASHVILLE. Tenn.. June 15.— At
During the Rehearsal She
Speaks Out Her Mind and
Has Her Contract Canceled
Possibility of Early Settle
ment of the Troubles Is
Regarded Very Favorable
DIFFERENCES DISCUSSED
Her testimony developed a rather
remarkable story of domestic and
financial troubles. She owned prop
erty at 826 Ellis street, extending
through to Olive, and it was worth
several thousand dollars. She mort
gaged it for 36000, and after getting
into debt she deeded the holding to
W. H. Ghickering, who canceled her
obligation of $1500 to him and as
sumed: the mortgage. She contends
that it was agreed that a clause giv
ing her a life interest in her home
should be inserted in the deed.
Mrs. Dolon is of French and negro
extraction, and in 1875 married a
white man named Edgerly. who, she
said, was the confidential clerk of a
mining man named McDermott. Mc-
Derroott-and Edgerly. were accused of
salting the Pleasant Valley mine for
purposes of fraudulent sale. She was
in possession of a letter from Me-
Dc-rmott to Edgerly regarding the af
fair, and Mr. Chickering, who ! was
engaged in the litigation, called on
her for a photographic copy of the
letter and received it. Edgerly was
arrested and she and Chickering: went
on his bond, obtaining hl3 release from
Jail. . Edgerly fled to Honolulu and
the bonds were forfeited. Later Ed
gerly was induced to return and the
case was dismissed.
She said that Edgerly had put her
deeply in debt and she found that he
was a "mean man." Then she took
advantage of the negro in her veins
and used it as an excuse to secure an
annullment of her marriage. In
what year she did this she does not
remember. Her finances were In
bad shape and she borrowed from
Mr. Chickering in small sums until
she owed him about $1500. She made
her will in his favor and later trans
ferred the property as stated.
In Judge Seawell's court yesterday
was commenced the hearing of the
suit wherein Cecile Dolon. a mas
suese at the Lurline Baths, attempts
to obtain from W. H. Chickering, a
well-known lawyer, a life, interest ln
the property at 127 Olive street,
where she has resided for many
years.
esting 8tory of Her Changing
Fortunes.
Cecile Dolon Tells in Court an Inter-
CEKEMONT IMPRESSIVE
Confederate Veterans . Elect
Officers and Vote Next
Convention to Louisville
FINANCES, SALTED MINES
AND DOMESTIC TROUBLE
CHAMPIONS MISS SEFTON
John Morrisey, manager of the Or
pheum Theater, and Mrs. Morrlsey
have Just returned from a two weeks'
visit to the St. Louis Exposition and
arc occupying their old apartments
at the Palace.
Johannes Wilde, a literary man and
traveler from Germany, who is mak
ing a tour of the Pacific Coast after a
visit to the St. Louis Exposition, 13 at
the Palace.
Joseph P. Smith, a capitalist, for
merly of Santa Cruz, but living now in
Paris, registered at the Palaca yester
day.
Dr. E. R-' Berges. who had his hand
seriously injured on Sunday, is still
confined to his bed In the French Hos
pital.
General Harrison Gray Otis, propri
eter of the Los Angeles Times, ar
rived here yesterday and 13 staying at
the Occidental.
Hancock Banning, a steamboat
man of Los Angeles, is staying at the
Palace.
Dr. Nat Greene of Watsonville is at
the Grand.
Attorney Jackson Hatch of San Jose
Is at the St. Francis.
Edgar M. Sheehan of Sacramento la
staying at the Palace.
J. Allen Veatch, a mining man of
Xapa. is at the Palace.
Lazarus Silverman, a capitalist ¦ of
Chicago, is at the Palace.
P. C. Drescher, a merchant of Sacra
mento; is at the St. Francis.
Graham E. Babcock and wife of
Coronado are at the Palace.
H. A. Gibson, a wealthy rancher of
Oceano, is a guest at the Grand.
C. B. Shaver, a well-known lumber
man of Fresno, ls at the Palace.
Philo Jones, secretary of the Salinas
Electric Company, ls at the Grand.
H. Malloch, manager of the Marys
vine Woolen Mills, is registered at the
Grand.
PERSONAL.
Miss Flora Eedledge. Chosen
Annabel in "Eobin Hood"
at the Tivoli, Taken Off
Monument in Nashville Is
Dedicated to Fallen \He
roes of the Lost Cause
Committee From the Freight
Handlers - Confers ' \yith
General 3Ianager of Road
MARKHAM TALKS
WITH EMPLOYES
BOYS IN GRAY
ARE HONORED
STAGE TEMPEST
WRECKS SINGER
Henry Lundberg and John W. Flem
ing, assistant inspectors, who made
the inspection of the Slocum on May
t> last, admitted that they had made
r.o test of buoyancy, declaring that
tuch tests were made only at the fac
tory. It was admitted also that the
cork jackets were so placed that chil
fcren could not get at them and that
tnany of the jackets were held by
Hvires.
Lunfiberg in his inspection did not
frpject a single life preserver.
F. A. Barnaby. president of the
Knickerbocker Steamboat Company,
owners of the Slocum, declares that
the requirements of the law had been
observed on the steamboat. Regard
ing life preservers and other equip
ment, Barnaby Faid the vessel had
been inspected recently and that if any
t!ame attached Sn that regard it rested
fcolely with the Inspectors.
NEW YORK, June 15. — Passengers
tr.ake Epeclllc accusations that the life
jreservers on the General Slocum were
so rotted with age that they fell apart
ln one's hands and were practically
•worthless. Captain of tugboats and
rrhers who picked up the cork Jackets
Sustain these charges. These jackets
svere filled with granulated cork in
ttead of solid blocks and whenever the
canvas was torn the small particles
poured out and made the preserver of
Jittle or no value.
ep»rt«l Dispatch to Tfc« Call
"Three times the tugboat caught fire.
A launch from North Brother Island
brought a physician, who revived the
three unconscious women. One of them"
became crazed and attempted to com
mit suicide by jumping overboard. A
9-year-old boy also' became temporarily
insane. He declared his mother had
been drowned, and he fought desper
ately and attempted to jump overboard.
"I am positive there were at least 200
bodies floating around the Arnott.
Women and children and an occasional
man jumped from the burning vessel
and nearly all were drowned."
"Olsen saw three children not more
than 6 years of age floating near the
shore. Jumping overboard he rescued
two. Holding their heads out of the
water with his left arm, he used his
right in swimming. Then' he returned
to the other child floating in the water
and swam with it to the island.
" ""While bringing the Arnott down the
sound and when a short distance east
of Rykers Island I saw about a mile
ahead a cloud of black smoke blowing
from a large steamboat. Ringing for
full speed, .we soon got to the Slocum.
Coming up on the port side, the Arnott
stood within, a hundred yards of the
blazing vessel.. One man got out j the
hose, for the intense heat was alre'ady
scorching the paint of the Arnott, and
two of the crew, John Olsen and Gun
der Anderson, peeled oft their outer
clothing and Jumped into the water,
which .was filled with floating persons,
some dead, others unconscious and
some begging to be saved. Olsen and
Anderson seized and brought to the
side -of the tugboat eight persons, six
women arid two -children. Three of the
women.were unconscious. Then the two
brave fellows recovered fifteen dead
bodies, one being that of a big mani
who was expensively dressed. A large
diamond glistened in the bosom of his
shirt.
NEW YORK. June 15.— Captain Van
Etten of the tugboat Arnott says:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Inspectors Admit No Test
of Their Buoyancy
Was Made. •
Save Many Lives and
Recover Bodies of Fif-
teen Dead.
NEW TORK, Junfe 15. — Captain
"William H. Van Schaick, master of
the Slocum, who is held by the po
lice, said to-night: ./
"The Slocum left the foot of East
Twenty-third street at half past 9
o'clock this morning. Th.ere had been
collected from those on board 982
tickets. The boat passed slowly up
the river; through Hell Gate and over
toward Sunken Meadows, where the
Cawana was burned in '78. When
close to the Meadows an alarm of flre
was givet^ At that time I was in
the pilot-house.** I jumped down to
the deck and gave immediate orders
for fighting the flre. The fire drill
in Prison.
Captain of the Excursion Boat Is Held
VAX SCIIAICK'S ACCOUNT.
life Preservers Rotted by
Age and Placed Out
of Reach.
Seamen Leap Into Water
Dotted by Drowning
Persons.
It ls alleged that men fought with
women to escape, resulting in the
trampling under foot of scores of chil
dren.
During her flame-enveloped run to
North Brother Island the Slocum's
whistles kept blowing for assistance,
but before the whistles had begun to
blow several tugs, the captains of
which had seen the outbreak of the
fire, started after the vessel, while sev
eral rowboats put out from the shore.
The number of these craft constantly
grew and not the least dramatic inci
dents of the catastrophe were the ef
forts of the men on these boats to res
cue those who had jumped overboard
from the burning vessel. Men crowded
to the rails of the tugs and caught up
the drowning persons as they were
borne past by the current. There were
many thrilling rescues by this means.
Captain Van Schaick and his two
pilot?, Edward Van Wart and Edward
M. Weaver, have been arrested.
Coroner O'Gorman said late to-night
that many more bodies had been sight-
ward found clasped ln one another's
arms.
"I got the boat under way for North
Brother Island, which was the safest
place to attempt to land. The boat was
driven on under full speed and pulled
up sideways to the shore of, the island.
"Many, had jumped prior to 'this.
Many were jumping every instant.
"My pilots, Edward Van Wart and
Edward M. "Weaver, were doing every
thing to get safely toward shore and
Engineer B. F. Conklln remained in
the hold. Mate Edward Flannigan had
charge of the fire brigade, but when
the fire spread over air we had to get
off the boat. My hat was burning
when I jumped, and I was pulled out
of the water and hauled up on' shore
under a tree before I remembered what
had occurred." ' " *
"The fire was. under' the forward
boilers on the port; side, as I made it
out in the excitement. 31y. men were
exerting -their, efforts to keep the pas T
sengers -.from jumping. \ The flre was
gaining every instant and the cries
of people burning to death could be
heard above every other discordant
sound. >' 'V , : ,
was sounded and the crew of the boat,
numbering twenty-three men, worked
like nailers to get water on to that
part of the boat that was burning.
ed and were being: brought in.
The following telegraphic message
from President Roosevelt was received
by Pastor Haas: *
"Accept my profound sympathy for
yourself, your church and your con
gregation.
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
NO SAFEGUARD
AGAINST DEATH
ON THE SLOCUM
HEROIC RESCUE
WORK BY CREW
OF THE ARNOTT
ncfln dii en in ucbdc nil cunnr nr ninnm dphtucp ici sun
ilrUil rEirli Mil nrllrh la in nr 1 1 r III In In nnll I nr n it! 0 111 I
SJLnu rsLLU 111 flLmd Uli OnUiiL III HUH I II UIIUBIILII luLnlHU
Divers Find Hold of the -Sunken General. Slocum Choked With
Charred Human Bodies. ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 1904.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
3
ADVESTTSETIIZiaTS.
fjOSTETT^s
If you neglect the stomach and
bowels you are going to suffer
from Nausea, Sick Headache,
Sleeplessness, Constipation, Dys-
pepsia and Indigestion- The Bit-
ters will strengthen the stomach,
keep the bowels open and pre-
vent these ailments. Try a bottle.
• XJo Breakfast Tabl_
complete without
The Cream of Cocoas.
The Most Nutritious
and Economical.
These two words, Schilling's
Best, are perfect assurance of
getting your money's-worth.
ADVERTISER . _
Plilliiigil Any hat of the
/•.¦: -.V'^-w '.:---:, fintViinr CT17IOC
-fi^^S^^^^P-'w popuwr biyies
•. ;¦¦$£?: 3«H$r r 7-«~ hats in almo3t any
* : "^"isP^Sw """^-^ '^f^ m st '^ anc * so^ s^ a P es °^ va "
"'¦J^^^^^^Sfew r ' ous proportions. You are
•^ * it; *^^^^^fc. ¥¦ sure to fi n d a hat that looks
well on you. They are really
$ 2 -5° h ats - O ur price is $1.30,
4 "*** r«^5^ because we undersell exclusive
hat stores.
Norfolk caps with in- d&8&** £! %< : *
has been moved in the
annex which we recent- '¦ -'M^m^^- *^ s -.
740 Market Street
Recommends Pe-ru-na
For Dyspepsia and Stomach Trouble.
I -ggjg?5g*^g^. Catarrh of the Stomach is Generally
I .^^^^^^^^^V. Called Dyspepsia— Something
i| '^^"^^^^^^^^^^v tion is Generally Taken.
i| Hence, Pepsin, Pancreatin and a Host
;| :rS^__ _^==^jyffi $ of Other Digestive Remedies
I These Remedies Do Not Reach the
fjj: ffli|piliipl5|IH§ - Seat ? f the DifficTllt y» Whicl1
« = ==^^ :^^^^^^^^^^ 1 T? x " u - s - SENATOR M. C. BUTLER
ii -¦ __~r :=:^^n??yT^wf^S'' '- {ron i South Carolina was Senator
K — == 5zy?y. •¦M'ffiy^iWTCjt^U from. that State for two terms. In
>? ' =gy; :'*' wWyirJft§ft m\ & '¦ ¦ a recent letter to The Perur.a Medicine
'4 ~ ~ ==^hrM^^^^^^^^^u\ " ' can recommsn d Peruna for dyspepsia
I .^^^i^^SjjjgjgiES^iPib^liffiliii and stomach trouble. I have been using
e — -r=^==^^~~^i^ES§&\ \W[ y° ur medicine for a short period and I feel
i ;^^^§| gJ _ -~Er : 5=E^If?flfafn very much relieved. It is indeed a wonder-
\ fuf medicine besides a good tonic."— M. C.
I The only ratlonal wa >' to cure dyspep-
> lSsgg£=^S^^ Vffiy/Zl »l«i is to remove the catarrh. Peruna
7 ==^^^^ Jffltffly cur*s catarrh. Peruna does not produce
\ iTiWnil m^sii "'^iclSJK'^i^^^^ artificial digestion. It cures catarrh ar.'l
> leaves the stomach to perform digestion
< ln a natural wa F- Th!s ls vastl >' tetter
\ and safer than resorting to artificial
I' ,i \\ Peruna has cured more cases of dys-
?Z Ex-Senator M. C. Butler \ pepsia than all other remedies combined.
&r J^/^/^^>^<^^J^l^^^/^^^ j^r^j^.^^ \ dimply because it cures catarrh wherever
'~ v *~~ s ~~~~ s ~^^ located. If catarrh Is located In the
head. Peruna cures It. If catarrh has
If you do not derive prompt and satis- fastened itself in the throat or bronchial
factory results from the use of peruna. tubes, Peruna cures It. When catarrh
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving: a becomes settled ln the stomach. Peruna
full statement, of your case, and he will cures it. as well ln this location as in
be pleased to give you his valuable ad- not almp iy a remedy for
vice gratis. dyspepsia. Peruna is a catarrh remedy.
Address Dr. Hartman. President of The peruna cures dyspepsia because it is
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O. generally dependent upon catarrh.THE BHOOTING OF PRESIDENT OP BUSINESS COLLEGE, WHO IS PROBABLY
FATALLY WOUNDED BY IRATE PURCHASER OF A BLOCK OF STOCK IN
THE INSTITUTION: ALSO THE TWO PARTIES TO THE AFFRAY.
Patrick Farry, 18 years old, of 21
Hunt Btreet, was arrested yesterday by
Patrolman Jordan and, charged with
grand larceny. • "Allen Annls claimed
to have met Farry on the. street and
after several drinks ' they repaired" to
Annls* room at 704 Howard street.
Upon awaking in the morning Annls
discovered that his new found friend
was missing, together: with his- watch
and a purse containing? $17. When
Farry ,was searched at the Southern
police station the watchand the empty
purse were found, but the 1 17 had
flown. ' "¦: • - • - • •
Stole From New Friend.
Another "true story" of the cause of
Prince Blfsmarck's dismissal from the
Chancellorship of • Germany Is pub
lished In Berlin. It is said that In 1895
the Swiss Federal Council desired a
workmen's^ conference to be held at
Berne, whereas Emperor .William II
convened a labor conference at Berlin,
to -which Prince " Bismarck "objected.
The Imperial Chancellor thereupon pri
vately visited Dr. Roth, Swiss Minister
to Berlin, and pressed him to insist on
Berne as . the seat of the conference.
The" Emperor,: hearing of Prince Bis
marck's visit, himself went to Dr. Roth
at dead' of night and' satisfied himself
of the truth of the report. The follow
ing day the Emporor' dismissed Prince
Bismarck and at the same time gave
Dr. Roth a portrait of himself bearing
the autograph inscription, "In memory
of March 19, 1890."— Exchange. - .-¦ -
Story of Bismarck's Dismissal.
The Japanese cultivate chrysanthe
mums in 269 varieties of colors. Of
these eighty-seven are white, sixty
three yellow, thirty-two purple, thirty
one pink, thirty red, twelve russet and
fourteen mixed hues.
Makes an Important Land Ruling.
/WASHIXGTOX, June 16.— The Sec
retary of the Interior in the case of
Hugo Sontag vs. Edward W. Reid,
arising in the "Los Angeles land dis
trict, Cal., has held that the act of
June 3, 1878,. known as the timber
and stone act, does not authorize the
sale of land the chief value of which
consists in small trees or brush there^
on, the existence and maintenance of
which are necessary to preserve : the
waters of a stream for Irrigation pur
poses, but which have no value for
commercial purposes. '
It has generally been supposed that
the ealtness of the waters at the Dead
Sea is due to the soil and rocks. It is
now thought, however, that this ex
planation is Inadequate, and that th«
most important cause is the atmos
pheric transportation of salt from the
Mediterranean Sea. According to a
writer in Harper's WeeKly. the sup
position is that the winds blowing from
the Mediterranean would bring rain
charged with Bait. In proof of this it
is Etated that the proportion of chlorine
to bromine is the same in the Dead Sea
that it is in the Mediterranean.— Ex
change. :-v . .
Saltness of Dead Sea.
t-onsniuWs Court .Martini Sentence
WASHIXGTOX. June 15.— The
President has commuted the court
martial sentence of dismissal of • First
Lieutenant Henry L. Harris Jr.
Twenty-second Infantry, stationed In
the Philippines, convicted of abusive
conduct and drunkenness on duty.
A phonograph in which the "sound
is reinforced by a flame has been
devised by. Rev. T. C. Porter of Eng
land. His experiments were based on
the fact that the sound of a vibrating
tuning fork is materially increased
when the fork is put into a flame. A
detailed description of the invention
is not given, but the flame takes the
place of the trumpet ordinarily used.
When the sound waves fall on It Its
combustion is changed from a contin
uous to an Intermittent form and the
burning gas is thrown Into a series of
waves that are more powerful than
the original sound waves, thus rein
forcing the latter and magnifying the
sound. — Baltimore American.
A Xcw Phonograph.
He wmn't literary, hadn't any politics,
couldn't tell a etory. Did we try tr> lo«e him?
Not much! He had three bottle* of Old Gilt
Edge m-hl/kpy in his grip. •
PRIXCBTOX, X. J., June 15.*-
Among the prizes announced at the
university commencement to-day was
$400. William Sinclair of California.
Wln« Honors ot Princeton.
Governor Makes Appointments.
SACRAMEXTO, June 15. — Gover
nor Pardee has made the following
appointments: Frederick Hall of Oak
land, trustee of the San Jose Xormal
School, vice F. C. Jacobs, term ex
pired; Clifford Cogglns of Igerna, T.
H. Barnard and F. C% Lusk of Chico.
trustees of the Chlco Normal School.
The chronic borrower Is a match for
any one who haa money to burn.
, SEATTLE, Wash.. June 15. — Ad
vices received here to-day by the White
Star Steamship Company are to the
effect that the steamers Corwln and
George E. Haller have had to put back
to Dutch Harbor on account of tee
floes. The news that the Corwin is
at Dutch Harbor has set at rest the
rumor that she had been wrecked..
to Alaska.
Steamships Corwln and Georee E.
Iialler Are Unable_ to "Proceed
ICE DRIVES VESSELS
BACK TO DUTCH ILVRBOK
For visitors to the "World's Fair to se*
the East. Reduced rates to New Tork
and other Eastern cities are now in ef
fect, via " the Pennsylvania Lines,
through either Chicago or St. Louis.
Tickets to New York and Philadelphia
are good via Washmgton. allowing ten
days at the national capital. Stopovers
are also allowed at Baltimore and Phila
delphia. For particulars, ask E. M. Pom
eroy. P. C. A.. 621 Market street. San
Francisco. •
An Excellent Opportunity
PARIS. June 15.— The French
Minister '-at. Tangier telegraphs under
to-day's date that one of the Sherifian
chiefs, who Is a kinsman of Raissouli.
has been- designated In the place of
the son of Mohammed El Torres, the
representative of thft Sultan, to carry
on the negotiations for the release of
Perdicaris and Varley.
TANGIER. Morocco, June 15. — Two
sheiks of Bent M'Suar have been im
prisoned bv the Governor of Tan
gier. This fulfills another of Rais
souli'ft conditions for the release of
hl« captives, Perdicaris and Varley.
The sheiks Imprisoned are two of
those who helped to I treacherously
capture Rflissoull some time. ago. ,
WASHIXGTOX, June 15.— A se
rious hitch has occurred In the ne
gotiations for the release of Perdi
caris and Varley, the American and
Englishman captured in Tangier by
the bandit Ralssoull. The details as
communicated to the State Depart
ment by Consul General Gummere
indicate that Raissoull has vastly en
larged his original demands, lia now
insists uijon absolute control of no
less than four Moorish provinces, and
besides demands that no less than
three nations, Including the United
Stales, guarantee the absolute per
formance of the Sultan's promise. The
demands, are regarded as absolutely
Impossible of compliance here, not
withstanding what effect the refusal
may have upon the fate of the cap
tives. • . •
Captor of Perdicaris Now
Makes Demands That Arc
Impossible of Compliance
SACRAMEXTO, June 15. — Articles
of incorporation have been filed with
Secretary of State Curry by the Inter-
Callfornia. Railway Company, operat
ing between San Diego County and
Mexico and composed of the following
incorporator?: W. F. Herrln, William
Hood and Charles T. Kllnk of San
Francisco, F. L. Willcutt of Oakland
and Xicholas T. Smith of San Car
los. The company is capitalized at
$4,320,000, of which $216,000 has been
actually subscribed.
Xcw Hail mail for Southland.
BANDIT HOLDS
THE WHIP HAND
PETALUMA. June 15. — Company A
of the Veteran Guard of Oakland,
Eixty-four strong, arrived in this city
to-day and have pitched their te-nts
at Camp Pardee with the Grand Army
of the Republic veterans. The guard
was accompanied by the First Artil
lery band. The old boys, equipped in
heavy marching order, made a fine
appearance and were warmly greeted
by the citizens and old army veterans.
A procession was formed upon the ar
rival of the guard, and, escorted by
Antietam Post. Grand Army of the
Republic, and Woman's Relief Corps,
they marched to camp.
Grand Army Veterans Greet Com
pany A and Escort Soldiers to
Camp Pardee. . -
OAKLAND MILJTHMEX
ARRIVE AT PETALUMA
' KNOXVILLE. Tenn.. June 15.— T. W.
Caateel was formerly a member of the
large clothing firm of Brandon, Ken
nedy & Cacteel here. He went West
about six years ago for his health. He
was highly respected by all who knew
him. ¦^-•: .--.¦¦ ;
Y W. Cauteel came to my office to-day to
ri-f rn* about som* money claim*. He <5e
mand»4 *2CO. which ttii part of J1200 paid to
me for ptock. I told htm I could not i>ay tha
money for rome tlm^, a« business was dull..
He ro»e from his seat and drew a revolver,'
dfrraandtnB all thft money. "If you don't give
me a check now I will kill you." he Bald. I
tried to Pacify him. and wrb going to give
him a check, which I would explain to the
bank later. As I reached for the bell he
Fhoutrd, "Don't do that, don't call for help."
He fired at my forehead. I grabbed the platol
and there was a scuffle. He thrr-w me down,
and klcklnc my hand free from the gun shot
me In the back. I have, never had any pre
vious trouble with Wm. He permed to be a
very gentlemanly fellow. I have known him
about three montr>a.
Casteel is held at the City Prison
charged with assault to commit mur
der. He came to this city about. four
years ago and had been variously em
ployed until he met Durham and be
came a partner in the business college.
He was formerly a resident of Knox
vllle, Tenn. - : . .
Calmly putting the pistol into his
pocket, Casteel brushed through a
crowd of terrified students who hur
ried to the office. He left his victim
staggering against a wall.' Mrs. Dur
ham, the wife of the wounded man,
assisted him to a couch, after which
he was hurried to the Lane Hospital,
where he lies close to death.
With the pace-and dem?anor of a
citizen traveling on an every day af
fair, Casteel proceeded to the City
Hall. He walked Into the" Sheriff 's of
fice shortly after he had committed the
deed and gave himself up to . Under
Sheriff Hines. Casteel said he had
shot Durham as the result bf financial
troubles. Casteel said Durham ¦ had
drawn the weapon and In the scuffle
two shc-ts were discharged.. Casteel
said he did not know how many adtJir
tional shots he had fired.- but investi
gation disclosed that four cartridges
were empty. Casteel was allowed to
telephone to his attorney, Franklin K.
Lane, after he had turned the pistol
over to. Hines, who then tc-ok him
down to the Hall of Justice and de
livered him over to the police..
Casteel retains his composure, and
with cool politeness refuses to make
any statement or to deny Anything said
by the wounded man. HI* attorney Is
equally reticent. Neither client nor
lawyer would throw any light on. the
financial transactions that led; to the
shooting.
Durham fully believed his condition
to be precarious and made a dying
statement to Assistant District Attrr
ney Ferrari. He said In substance:
perately to the pistol, but his assailant
kicked his hand away. Standing over
the nrostrate man Casteel deliberately
fired a shot into his victim's back.
Then he snapped the weapon, once
more,, but It missed fire. A third shot
struck the floor.
At the sound of the bell Miss Meyer
started to go to the office. She stood-on
the threshold as the., first shot was
fired. For a .moment she remained,
stunned by fright, and saw Casteel fire
the second time at her employer. Then
she fled screaming.
There is a touch of romance tp the
engagement of Dr. King arid Miss
Miller. King formerly conducted a
sanitarium in this city and Miss Miller
was in his employ as a nurse. The at
tachment ripened and when the doctor
left Fresno to go to Chicago for a
post graduate course in medicine it
was with the understanding that the
wedding would take place as soon as
he finished his studies. The engage
ment became known through the In
quiries of the fiancee's parents con
cerning the legality 'of the proposed
onion. Miss Miller's home is at 971
Howard street in Sn n Francisco
FRESNO, June 15. — Dr. Charles
King, a native of China, will some
time next September marry Miss Edith
Miller, a hospital nurse. The young
woman's parents, who live in Burr
Valley, are now in Fresno consulting
attorneys about the law in this State
regarding the marriage of Chinese
and Americans. The relatives were
not certain about this point and in
the event that a barrier interposed the
couple had planned to quietly go to
Colorado or plight their troth on the
high seas.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call
Doctor With Chinese Blood
in His Veins Will Marry
a Pretty Hospital Nurse
The following fourth-class post
offices have been advanced to Presi
dential class, with the postmasters'
salnries attaching: Ketchikan, Alaska,
SHOO. California — Coalinga. $1300;
Colfax. $1000; McCloud,*$1400; Ocean
aide. S1000; Tuolumne, $1100. Ore
gon — Myrtle Port. $1000. Washing
ton — Hillyard, $1100: Newport. $1000.
WASHINGTON*. June 15.— Fred E.
Walker has been appointed postmaster
at Ximshew, Cal. Postofflce estab
lished at Santa Susanna, Ventura
County. J. C. Villegas postmaster.
Rufus V. Burn. Mountain View, was
admitted to practice before the In
terior Department.
Chaplain Barton W. Herry of the
Artillery Corps is relieved from duty
at Alcatraz Island. Cal.. to take effect
upon the expiration of his present
leave of absence. He will then pro
ceed to Fort Barrancas, Fla.
Corporal Gustave Bruyn, Troop K,
Fifth Cavalry, Fort Wlngate, X. M..
is transferred to the Third Infantry
as a private. He will be sent to the
Presidio.
Chief Boatswain T. Sheehan is
transferred to the Independence at the
navy yard. Mare Island.
Orders Are Issued Directing Military
Changes and Advancement of
Postofliecs.
Oil INTEHEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
LOOK INTO LAW
BEFORE WEDDING
Illinois Miners Ask for Investigation.
SPRIXGFIELD. 111.. June 15. —
Addresses were sent to President
Roosevelt and to President Gompers
of the American Federation of La
bor to-night by officers of the Illi
nois Mine Workers' Union asking
them to make an investigation into
affairs in Colorado.
TACOMA, June 15. — George Swab
of Everett, aged 35, is gradually be
coming ossified. The cartilage and
muscles neaj his joints are being turn
ed to bone. His back and chest have
become practically Immovable, • while
his shoulders and neck are both af
fected. He can now lift his arms only
a few inches and the sldewise motion
of his head has been almost stopped.
Strange Process of Xature Gradually
Depriving Victim of Ills Phys
ical Powers.
MAX'S LLMBS SLOWLY •
BECOMIXG OSSIFIED
SANTA ROSA. June 15. — The
fiftieth anniversary of the founding of
Santa Rosa Lodge Xo. 57, Free and
Accepted Masons, occurs to-morrow
anfl for the occasion the members of
the order and their families will cele
brate at the Atheneum. Judge E. S.
Lipr>it of Petaluma will deliver the
oration. Fifty years ago the lodge
¦waa organized with twenty-one mem
bers in a little wooden building on
Main street. Of the charter members
but one survives and he wtfll be pres
ent at the anniversary celebration.
This man is C. \V. Matthews of Alex
ander Valley.
Anniversary Will Be Celebrated and
the Sole Surviving Charter 3Iem
ber Will Be Present.
MAKOXIC LODGE IX SAXTA
KOSA FIFTY YEARS OLD
TACOMA. June 15. — Pastor Dickey
of the local Spiritualist church and a
pprtion of his fiock have formed an
opposition church because members
of the congregation distrusted the
identity of Philosopher Socrates,
whom Dickey caused to appear at a
recent seance. The members were un
kind enough to say that- Socrates was
none other than Dickey walking
around clothed in white. A warm
discussion ensued and a split in the
church resulted.
Church Is Disrupted When Spiritual
ist Minister Attempts to
Present Socrates.
CONGREGATION DOUBTS
PREACHER'S OCCULT POWER
At the Custom-house one of Spear's
deputies said that Daugberty had for
merly worked there as a messenger.
The young man is about 23 years old.
He is a Callfornian and a member of
the Native Sons. He lately .separated
from his wife, whom he left in San
Francisco when he went to El Paso.
Edward Daugherty is the stepson of
Joseph S. Fpear Jr., Surveyor of Cus
toms of the Port of San Francisco.
Surveyor Spear Is married to Daugh
erty's mother. Spear and his wife de
parted for Europe a week ago, to be
gone for three months.
Daugherty sold the McCarty estab
lishment for 52300 and paid bills
amounting to about $900. When arrest
ed he should have had nearly $1500 on
hand, but only had $87 TO. He had
drawn most of the money on checks,
which he failed to have the bankruptcy
referee countersign, and It is said that
the bank will be the loser. Daugherty
•will have a preliminary hearing Fri
day morning. His wife is now in San
Francisco.
EL PASO. Ter., June 16.— Edward J.
Daugherty, formerly in the customs
service at San Francisco, and a step
son of Joseph S. Spear. Surveyor .of
Customs of the Port of San Francisco,
is In Jail here charged with embezzle
ment. Daugherty. who has been here
for several months for his health, was
recently appointed trustee In bankrupt
cy for the E. J. McCarty Plumbing
Company, and It is for the alleged mis
appropriation of the funds of that con
cern that he is under arrest. Daugher
ty admits that he took the money and
»ays that he gambled most of It away,
but that he was drunk when he did it.
He declares that he never had a taste
for whisky till two years ago. when he
had appendicitis in San Francisco and
was kept alive on llo.uor. after which
he became a slave to drink.
Ezwcial Dispatch to The Call
TELLURIDE, Colo., June 15. — Cap
tain Bulkeley Wells delivered Presi
dent Moyer of the Western Federation
of Miners, who had been in the "bull
pen" here for several months, to the
Sheriff of San Miguel County here at,
4:15 p. m. in pursuance of telegraphic
orders from Adjutant General Bell.
Captain Wells says that he acted on
the instructions as soon as they were
received.
ANTONITO, Colo.. June 15.—Thirty
six union miners and sympathizers de
ported from the Cripple Creek district
by the military authorities were un
loaded from the special train used for
their deportation near the New Mexico
line to-day and were driven by the
guard, under command of Lieutenant
Colonel Leo W. Kennedy, over the bor
der. They were, moreover, warned not
to return to Colorado. Nevertheless,
after the departure of the troops the
deported men walked back to this
town, five miles north of the line,
where' breakfast was furnished them
by citizens.
ST. LOUIS. June 15.— United States
Circuit Judge A. M. Thayer, sitting in
chambers, has granted a writ of habeas
corpus to have Charles H. Moyer, pres
ident of the Western Federation of
Miners, brought before him on July 5.
The writ is directed against Governor
James H. Peabody of Colorado, Adju
tant General Bell and Captain Bulke
ley Wells, another Colorado official.
The three have been cited to appear
with Moyer and show cause why Moy
er is being restrained from his liberty
by being confined in a Etockade, or bet
ter known as "the bullpen," at Tellu
ride, Colo.
DENVER, June 15. — Governor Pea
body to-day issued an order declar
ing martial law in San Miguel County
at an end, declaring the release of the
troops from duty, and ordering Cap
tain Wells, in command of the
troops, to turn over to the civil au
thorities President Charles H. Moyer
of the Western Federation of Miners,
now a prisoner in the bull-pen at Tel
luride. Governor Peabody said that
the orders were issued before he had
any knowledge of the action to-day
of Judge Thayer of the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals at St.
Lous directing that Moyer be
produced before him In St. Louis on
July 5.
It Is not known where they will
spend the honeymoon. Mrs. Weeks is
the daughter of the late De Witt Tis
dale, a prominent banker of this city.
For some time her home haa been in
San Francisco. The groom is a well
known architect.
Rev. Dr. Wakefleld. assisted by Rev.
J. Wilmer Gresham. performed the cer
emony. Mr. and Mrs. Weeks entered
an automobile on leaving the church
and hurried away. ' »
SAN JOSE, June 15.— Miss Blanche
Tisdale, a charming young society girl
of San Francisco and this city, be
came the bride of Charles Peter Weeks
at Trinity Episcopal Church at noon
to-day. Qnly a few intimate friends
were present at the ceremony. /
The church was decorated with white
oleanders and potted plants, under the
direction of Mrs. W. B. Hobson. Clar
ence Urmy played the Mendelssohn
wedding march as the party entered.
The bride wore a pretty wedding suit
of red pongee, with hat to match. She
carried a bouquet of pink oleanders.
Mrs. de Witt Tisdale, the mother,
gave away the bride. Mrs. Dr. Bryant,
her sister, attended her, the groom
standing alone. The young ladies com
prising the wedding party were Misses
Luena King, Mary Wilcox. Vlda Veuve.
Mary Crosson, Bess Williams, Virginia
Williams, Clara Lion, Ruby * Johnson
and Grace Woodrow. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
President Moyer Will Seek
to Secure His Release on
a Writ of Habeas Corpus
Stepson of Surveyor Spear
Misappropriates Funds of
Bankrupt Plumbing Firm
Couple Married in Church
and Only a Few Intimate
Friends Attend Ceremony
"I want my money now," said Cas
teel decisively. Durham began to make
apologies and explanations, which only
seemed to enrage Casteel. "I'll have
the money now," repeated Casteel.
The teacher noticed a cloudy look, in
the man's eyes and was frightened.
Durham decided to call his stenogra
pher. Miss LIUie Meyer, to prepare a
check that could not be collected in or
der to pacify the man. ..
As Durham reached toward a bell to
summon , the girl Casteel shouted,
"Don't do that," and produced a pistol.
"Don't call for help," he cried.
In alarm Durham pressed the button
and Casteel fired point blank. The shot
grazed Durham's cheek. The terrified
man grasped the pistol and grappled
desperately with his assailant. They
fell to the floor, still struggling.
Casteel wrenched himself free from
his victim. Durham still clung des-
Casteel entered the place shortly be
fore 11 o'clock 'to demand $200 which
he said was due him from Durham.
The Instructor said he could not pay
the money immediately, but would en
deavor to do so in a few days.
After a disagreement over a small
financial matter^ Y. W. Casteel shot
and probably fatally wounded R. L.
Durham, president of the California
Business College, yesterday morning.
The shooting took place In the office of
that Institution, at 925 Golden Gate ave
nue.
ADMITS HE IS GUILTY
PEOPLE WELCOME THEM
PKETTY AFFAIR IX RED
In a Fierce Quarrel Over a Financial Transaction Y.W.Casteel Fires at
and Dangerously Wounds R. L Durham, President of a Business College.
The Assailant Coolly Walks Away and Surrenders to an Under Sheriff
Edward J. Daugherty of San
Francisco Under Arrest in
Texas for Embezzlement
Thirty-Six Men Driven by
the Military Into New
3Iexico Eeturn to Colorado
Architect Weeks Chooses
as His Bri(Je a Society
Maiden of the Garden City
BLAMES DRINK
FOR DOWNFALL
UNION MINERS
DEFY SOLDIERS
ANGRY CREDITOR SHOOTS TEAGHER
BECAUSE HE COULD NOT PAY DEBT
WEDS A BELLE
OF SAN JOSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, : THURSDAY, JUNE 10, 1904.
4
rwuis^w, - r, , .___¦- -*^ ggr AJVEBTISEMEMTa.
NEWRRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIQI VAL remedy that "kills the DanJruff 0«rm."
GQ1NQI G-OING*!! GONE!!!
lunciM isu tut rr. . - sancac tu tut it. too ute rat tainctof.
T H £ —I' *1 VJ. *f \P P J E C J r r * fl ««« li »" «>• tnwmout salt of Newbro's Herpl-
to a rwtty «n« «tfcky telr drctslnr. or one th«t Hit. UUti become enthutUutlcover Itt rerreTb.
It full of •edl«««Utr cheiBkalt intended to dye lr. z quality «od exquisite f^r«ce/ It det^I
(ke hair. Tbei marked preference for a dainty Ibe mlcroWc growih Intte tcilp. cure* indruff.
4re**l«r. partteiilafly on* that overcomes excess- stops fcli-ng h« Ir and VlveT It « tllke" Vk»t
tve olilneit and leavet the hair light and fluffy. Is STOPS ITCHING INSTANTLY*
One am. SliXL Seta 10c, stups. to REBfiCIOI CO, Dept H ; Ottmt MeS, Tor i tiapls.
Positively cared by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Ton gus
! Paia in the Side, TORPID IJVER. They
Regulate the Bowel*. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
tHUSEUB OF fiHATOSY^
0 £$ ICa MA3XIX ST. trt. fciUTtt, 8.r.fal A
/J ,/TU^ Wovtd. Wci*tie*««» or Any coa:fact*«l A
« tlduM diKtw »»««l«»lr««tJb T ik«olil«il T
0 1 15 «3 I s P« c " ; '» t °° lh€ <-ati. £>L)» r e*r>. O
6 4^*5 DR - J03DAN~D'3EAS£S CF MEM A
\ W C5^^-J CoBMlt»no» tnm and frktijr prWait. \
A I l*tfli Tr«««meBt p«non«!lr or by l«ter. A H
y a ff T\ U /Man Omrttn «T«ry ctimundtntkcn. T
An/ I! A w "«» for Biok - rmto*uf«v.r A
v * 'f |T BMai*ac. maiuo »*««. Uf
1 Jl II »»iu«W« book tot ara) \
V naJonDAS *co.. iesiaf»rk«tst..8. r y
.*AG&tt>1 MENANDWOMEH.
f^A^i^SvB^S^i Ct«BlgOforunn«tnrU
AS&Tb. I u?< «.rO3 dUch»r*tt.infl»aim»Uoni.
fiSgfF aumiM U |rriUtion» or ule«r»tlon*
fiSii ».» w «rt«u«. m of mucoai m«mbr»a«fc
B^ *j rr>TMt> r«au«Ua. pUn'iM*. «na not Mtrta-
BmTHtEniUCHIMiCAlCj. g«nt or »c«»onoB».
»S\ fllSC11)UTl,9.rCn ¦•!«! by Dr««»l»U,
%TO^. U.H. A. 35* « r ••¦* ' n P' ala W «'»PP # ».
¦* Circular Mat •* maMt
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S Steamer* leav* Broadway
wharves, piera 9 and 11.
8a n Francisco.
For Ketcblkaa. Wraasal.
Juneau. HaJne*. Bkacuay.
etc.. Alaak*— 11 a. in. June-
4. 9. 14. i». a*. J»iy a-
Cbango to Company*i nt**m-
"'Vo'r Victoria. Vancouver.
Pert lowmend. BeatUe. Tacoma. »>"•"-
Redondo). 8an Dte«o and Santa Barbara—
Santa Ro«a. 8un«J«y«. 9 a. m.
State cf CalKornla. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
, For Loa Aneles (via San Pedr » w^T
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Banta <^s. M<>nt-
•rty. San Simeon. Cayuco». Port Harford (3*n
Luis ObUpo). Ventura and Hueneme.
0 a. n... June 8. 16. ! U.. July %
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jun« 4. 12. 20. 28. July ".
Tor Ensen*(!a. Ma«dalena Bay. San Jose d*l
! Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Ro-
1 lalla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. ith each m»
ALASKA KXCURS1ONS. Season 1904-TT.*
palatial excursion Bteamship SpoKan* wui
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria. Jun« 7.
21. July 5. 19. Au*. 2. Ifl.
For further Information obtain fold»r. J*'* nt
i U TIC3CXT 3 OPPICXS — A N«w Monttrom-
*ry it. (Palace Hot^D.lft Market st.and Broad-
way wharves Prtlffht Oflce, 10 Market st.
C D DtTNANN. General Pa*srnscer Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
AMERICAS! X.TSHS.
PlvTBonti— Cner>>ctir«r — So-athara-Dton.
From New Tr>rk ?nt«rday<» at 0:30 a. m.
St Louis Jun- 23 St. Paul July »
Germanic July 2 Philadelphia... .July 1«
ATX.AKTTC TEMISPOBT LINE.
Hew Yorkr-I.<niaon Blrirt.
M**aba fc J"" 1 " ,"•>¦ * a - m "
Mlnnetcnka July 2. 9 a. m.
Mlrnehaha i:!" 1 ?.?- « 2 f" I^'
. Mlnneapolts July M. * a. m.
Only Hrst-class passengers carTled.
DOJII2IIC?f tOzTE.
Montreal — I^venjool — Short sea passapp.
Canada June 25 Kensington ••••¦J^.J
Vancouver July 2 Dominion Ju'7 *'»
HOM.ArTD-ABnmiCA *•*£&
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.3CO Tons.
! Hew Yor* — 3*otttrdam. Vl» Boulojrn*-
gaillns; Thiesrtnys at in a. m.
RymTam Jane 2SIStatendam ....Juyl-
Noordam July S Potsdam July 19
BED STAB IiXHS. ?
I New Ycrlt— Antwerp — Pmris.
From N»w Tofk Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Finland June 2."MKrocn!and Ju y »
! Vaderland July 2 Zeeland July 1*
New "Yorlf — Qnnmtown — Urerpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Arabic. .June 21. 3 pm| Celtic... July ». 1 pm
Oceanic. June ». 7 amPaltlc. .July H. 3 P™
Teutonic. July «. 10 am MaJestlc.July 20. 10 am
Boston— Qnt€a«towTi--X.ivert»ool.
rveti" June 3O. July 2S. Aa«
Republic (new) July 7. Au K •«• ««•»«• .5
Cvmrle July 14. Au«. I 1 *. Sept. 1*
' JT3JW SHXVTCE PRO3X BOSTOXT
T&*t Twin-Screw St«am«rs
Of 11.4OO t« 15,000 Ton*.
BOSTON DIRKCT TO THK
arEDITEKKAirEAZI. TTIA ASOBES.
; SoaAnIC .....July 30. Fept. 17. Oct. 2!»
Flril ClaW -«5 upward. depenJlwr on date.
CD T\TLOR Passenser A pent Pacific Coast.
• ' " j! post st.. San Francisco.
Jiamburg-American.
«5*ml-W««lcly Twin Bertrw Serrlo*
FOR flA MO TVTII. CHERBOtTRQ. HAMBIRr,
! H«rnhur« - • June lrttMoltk* June 3O
Ph™nTcla "....June 18 tFatrlcia .......July 2
?•IM^eVner ...,Juo«n -DeutschUnd ..July 7
PennSlvania . !jun» 23 Bol,rTav!* JuJy 9
•Has mill- room and Uyranastum on board.
1 jWlll call at Dover only..
w a urBtmo-AinaoCAW lijtb,
H° g i c z f oa^'^.f 7 4r»rcr£iFo"RNTr?T.
o, /?• & n. cow
rOLT'MBIA sails June Id. 2S, July 8, Id and
' •»«. GEO W. ELDER sails . June ' 21. July 1.
11 21 and 31. Only steamship Una to' PORT-
LAND OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all ' point* East. I Through tickets . to all
pelr.ta RWatner- tickets lncrud» v berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot o( Spear st. at 11
h m. S. F.. BOOTH. C.en. ARf. Pass. Dept.. 1
. Montiromery gt.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent
I Freight Dept-. 3 Montgomery at.
ecean!c$.s.c©.s£H?
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thurs.. June IS. 2 p. m.
S. B. ALAMEDA. for Honotulu.Jun* 23. \\ «n».
E 8. MARIBOSA. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a. m.
I.D.SPHECKELS k BR03. C0.,Alt3.,TiCi21 0322 5 IT {1C :
tBL, FrEliHt os;:iii MiriH $;.., ?ix /. giaU ;:
10XF1S5IZ 6KIEX1LS HUH3ATLiJITiaai
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAK13. *^L_
Sallliiij every Thursday liutead oC^fgrVi
Saturday, a: 10 a. m.. trom Pier i2.**2tatL"
North River, foot of Morten st. '
First class to Havre. $70 and' upward. 9ec~
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldlari
N»w Tork, J. T. FTOAZI ft CO.. Paptne Coan
Agents.' 81 Montgomery awnue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by alt Railroad Ticket Agents.
To TT. S. S*Ty Taia and ?»H«Jo.
BTMHS. GEN. FRISBrE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW— O:43 A. M.. 12:20 noon. 3:13 P. M
6:00 P. M.. 8:30 P. M. (eji. Sunday); Sunday's
9Ai A. M.. 8:30 P. M. Ijeav* Vallejo 7 «0
•A. M.. 9:(X) A. M.. 12::iO NOON. 3:15 P M
B:0O P. M. (ex. Sunday); Sunday* 7iO* A m!"
4:15 P. M. Fare one way. 30c. Landing and
office. Pier 2. foot Mission st. Phon« Main
15C8. HATCH BROS.
To U. S. Nary Yard and Vallejo.
Btmr. H. J Corcoran— Leaves S.P., foot of
Clay St.. north end of ferrVbtdg.— Week days
»:ao A. M-. 3 and •» P./M.; Sundays »¦•»
A. M.^ 8 P. M. Leave Vallejo— Week' dav£
0:50 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.- Sunda™ »
P. M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rmt'e'a.
Sundays to Vallejo. Olen Cove and Martlnea
60c ¦ round trip. PIPER. ADEN.' COOrSAl.r*.
CO.. phone Main Ml. 'Saturdajr exce»t*d.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IJwfllt^4 MARKET ST.
£KSj- , |n*iMiidlfflP TELEPHONE' SOUTH 1083.
1 ;'(,'¦• 6rOCERIES,
« " S S£?P« EllS " CMtAJnmATED POEK AND BEANS.. O«n 5C
B ¥??**& ..;19 lb« SI. OO R*r. 10c. In tomato sauce or
a J'-xtra fine, dry\ Pure cane. To- - plain. Pot baked. Sold 500
|1 day, with orders. • dozen since Monday. ; # .^
I E2CTEA SUCMUt. COBXT PT/ttE LEAP IiABD.S-lb can 4oC
M . ,. i- • • • •' • ¦ • • .3 cans 2Bc 3-lb can JlOc
m inere aln t a store In town Reg. 65c and 40c. Kettle ren-
B ?£?«*? s less than 2 canB 25 °- dered. Absolutely guaranteed.
a v\ 111 It pay you to trade with us? ,-;. .r ,1.0^
fl TABLE VSTITT a .... o« BOXtED HAM (Siloed) . . .lb 2.*»C
H *^7V£ .ft \ \i' : -, a ?*5"- 2^P Reg. 35c. Latest Improved ma-
ll . Extra standard, selected fruit. ohinerv for slicing
ff In pure sugar syrup. Like home. chlnery, ror slicing.
|i cooked. Any-store-in-town price GHXBAJU>EX£X'S GBOUHD CRO-
B 2.0C... ._..,,.._. ; .::cr>= colate H> oaa 2 5c
I PTTxarrr oz.ivs ort. . Reg. 30c.
S . :. V. .....:..... quart «l»e r»Oc FICSIC HAMS lb 8V4c
¦¦*::.;' Chas.' P. Grogari, Lo« Angeles. Sugar cured.
I ; ; / LIQUORS.
¦ OW OBOW and HERMITAGE TABX.E EEI3I.II7O.. .gr»Ucn 45c
I -WJUbajuT.- full quart 85c Reg. 75c Good, rich wine.
I gentu'cVy 5 -. G^nfe^nuufe! ' KtmOAKIAK POKT WT^C.
B ' ' *.»¦_..- 1 ., bottle oOc
•f . CBEAH BYE W2ISKEY ..... Reg. - 75c. Imported. Do you .
M « * ' * i; '.v • • • • ' - botUe £ Oc like imported wine? Step in the
W Reg. $1.25. .."America's best. store to-day and try it.
C CREME SB MBNTHE.. each OOc Reg. $2.50. Straight Bourbon..
• . Reg. $1.00. . In decanters. * • High proof." Distilled 1896. *>;'.¦SANTA ROSA. June 15.— In the . Superior
»n U Cf fl^ IS w", erno0n . 1Irs - M - A - Person fij°d
an affidavit In contempt proceedln-a nciin.t
Mayor John P. Overton P the membe? 9 of he
T^T. 0 ,v ««i U Ji C ' ' nd l he Sanita nr Inspector.
The city officials are charged with ctlsobeyine
?" ' nJ , unc "°, rr J n K a J ud *™nt rendered May «s
1998 tn which they were restrained from per •
m c £ Karbage t0 be dunj Ped Into Santa R^sa
LOUISVILLE. Ky., June 15.— A riot
broke out at the plant of the Conti
nental Tobacco Company here to-day,
when 200 striking negroes attempted
to prevent 500 negro women employed
at the plant from going to work. Po
lice quelled the mob, but were com
pelled to resort to the use of clubs
and revolvers. y
Police Club Negro Rioters.
SAN DIEGO, June 15. — It has been
decided that Commodore Charles
Gould of the Chula Vista Yacht Club
will sail the Detroit in the races next
August for the Lipton cup. The De
troit will be sailed under the colors of
the San Diego Yacht £lub, the cup be
ing the property of the Corinthian
Yacnt Club. . • '
Gould Will Sail the Detroit.
"Thft Southern California Women's
Christian Temperance" Union, in con
vention assembled at Santa Barbara,
entreats you that all sale of intoxi
cants be prohibited within our Panama
canal strip during the construction of
the canal."
SANTA BARBARA, June 15.— At the
convention of the Southern California
Women's Christian Temperance Union,
now in annual session in this city, it
was decided to-riight to send the fol
lowing telegram to President Roose
velt:
President.
Women's Christian Temperance Union
Makes Strong Appeal to the
WANT NO LIQUOR SOLD
ON THE PANA3IA STRIP
SAN JOSE. June 15.— Dr. Otto H.
Dogge commenced suit to-day against
the Fidelity and Casualty Company of
New York to recover $14,712 as indem
nity for an accident which he sustained
on July 18, 1902, at Menlo Park, while
a passenger on a Southern Pacific
train, he being hit on the head with a
stone thrown through the car window.
Sacs for Indemnity.
LEBANON JUNCTION, Ky., June
15. — Mrs. Mary Thompson, colored,
who last night killed John Irwin, a
wealthy white farmer, was to-day tak
en from Jail and hanged to a tree. She
weighed 255 pounds and the rope
broke. As she ran away the mob
fired a fusillade after her until she
fell fatally wounded.
Attempt Is Made to Hnnc Her to a
Tree, but Rope Breaks and She
Is Riddled With Bullets.
COLORED MURDERESS
IS KILLED BY A MOB
PORTLAND, Or.. June 15. — Ac
cording to the Government crop re
ports the outlook this season in re
gard to the prune crop in this State
ls^very discouraging: In Southern
Oregon riot, over 40 per cent of the
average crop Is looked for, while in
Northwestern Oregon, not. more than
20 per cent is. anticipated. The
weather in the middle western part of
the State has been no better th*n that
in the other fruit districts and upon
this basis it is figured that taken al
together the State will produce about
30 per cent of the normal crop.
The apple crops In Southern Oregon
and the apple crop in the Hood River
district are expected to be over the
average. The . crops in small fruits
have generally been above the average.
The shipments of strawberries alone
from the Hood River district have now
been 150 cars.
Government Reports Show That Yield
Will Be Thirty Per Cent of
Average Yield.
OUTLOOK IS BAD FOR
OREGON' PRUNE CROP
WASHINGTON, June 15. —Acting
Secretary of the Treasury Tavlor to
day received a telegram from President
Francis of the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position,, asking- for a construction of
the law In relation to the reimburse
ment of the $4,600,000 Government loan.
President Francis inquired whether the
40 per cent due the Government to-day
from revenues of the fair shall.be based
on actual collections or on the earnings
to date.
The Treasury Department ruled. that
the payment should be made from
actual collections, rather than from the
earnings. The latter construction would
have Involved a delay, of several days
in depositing the installment in the sub
treasury at St. Louis. The first three
fortnightly installments paid are to be
40 per cent of the revenues. After July
15. each installment must consist of at
least $500,000 until the loan is reim
bursed.
Assistant Secretary of Treasury Con
strues Law. Bearing on the
Subject for Them.
FAIR DIRECTORS PREPARE
TO REIMBURSE GOVERNAIENT
NEW YORK, June 15.— Directors
of the Southern Pacific road met to
day and voted to issue $100,000,000 of
7 per cent preferred stock, of which
$40,000,000 .will be issued at par to
present stockholders. S The proceeds
will be used for general purposes, in
cluding the payment of floating in
debtedness. The proposition will be
submitted • to the stockholders at a
meeting to be' held in July. There is
now $200,000,000 of Southern Pacific
common stock outstanding. Of this
amount $90, 000.000 is owned by the
Union Pacific Company, which will
therefore derive benefit from the pro
posed issue of preferred stock.
Will Raise $100,000,000 for General
Purposes, Including tbe Payment
of Floating Indebtedness.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC ROAD
TO ISSUE PREFERRED STOCK
Kentucky dedicated her State build
ing to-day with elaborate ceremonies.
Addresses were made by Governor
Beckham, President Francis and
others.
The "home coming colors" of the
battleship Kentucky were presented to
Governor Beckham by a committee of
the crew of the Kentucky, especially
detailed by the Navy Department.
ST. LOUIS, June 15. — A unique fea
ture of the dedicatory ceremonies at
the Oregon State building at the
World's Fair to-day was the arrange
ment for the speakers to deliver their
addresses from the roof of the building.
Those on the programme were
Thomas H. Carter, president of the
National World's Fair Commission;
Jefferson Meyers, president of the Ore
gon World's Fair Commission; Pro
fessor F. G. Young of the Oregon Uni
versity and President Francis of the
World's Fair.
The first Lewis and Clark centennial
flag ever raised -was unfurled by
George Rogers Clark, the 10-year-old
great-grandson of the pioneer ex
plorer. A reception followed* the for
mal dedication.-
Addresses Are Delivered From the
Roof of the Buildlns by Several
Prominent Speakers.
OREGON* STATE BUILDING
IS DEDICATED AT FAIR
ferring to the engagement, says the
recent report is entirely without foun
dation.
JAPANESE DELAY ATTACK.
CHEFU, June 16 (noon).— From a re
liable source it is learned that the
Japanese had 60.000 men on the Liao
tung Peninsula ten days ago. It is be
lieved that it Is their intention to use
100,000 men in the attack on Port Ar
thur. Possibly it will be a fortnight
before they are ready to make the ex
pected attack.
A Chinese who was employed in the
machine shops at Port Arthur is au
thority for the statement that the re
pairs to the Russian warships only con
sisted of placing sheets of steel over the
damaged parts. No attempt was made
to replace the damaged ribs. He also
confirms previous Chinese reports to
the effect that of the fleet of battleships
and cruisers only five are capable of
fighting.
According to the best information
these vessels are the battleships Pol
tava and Sevastopol and the cruisers
Bayan, Askold and Novik. Some con
tend that the battleship Peresvlet and
the cruiser Diana are not damaged.
The Chinese machinist says the ma
chinery of a large vessel, the name of
which is unknown to him, was wrecked
recently by a shell.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 16.—
Scanty details of the fighting at
Vafangow have been received here,
but they came in too late for official
comment or even reference in the ear
lier editions of the morning papers.
The fact that a message from the
field stated that the attack was re
newed on the morning of June 15
and that, the Russians were the ag
gressors seems to Indicate that the
Japanese not only failed to carry the
point of their initial attack, but may
be forced to fall back if General
Stakelberg manages to maintain his
position in the face of the strong Jap
anese forces opposing him until Rus
sian reinforcements, which are known
to be a short distance in the rear, ar
rive.
Preparing for Flight to China.
G YANGTZE, Tibet, June 15. — The
British have captured a lama who
had Just arrived in this vicinity from
Lhassa. He declares that the Dalai
lama has made preparation for flight
to China in the event of Lhassa being
threatened.
Drath of a Millionaire Cattleman.
DENVER, Colo., June 15. — George
H. Adams, a millionaire cattleman
end owner of the Adams Hotel in this
city, died of heart disease at his home
here to-<lay. He was born at New
Orleans In 1845.
SHANGHAI, June IB.— The British
fleet left Wusung to-day for the Saddle
Islands, at the month of HangchOw
Bayv. about eighty miles southeast of
Shanghai.
British Fleet Changes Base.
The Japanese fleet Is no longer able
to support the army, the water along
the coast being too shallow to permit
the vessels to approach: . ¦
Port Arthur is well provisioned.
There are 9000 head of cattle there and
Everything was in readiness for the
retirement, however, and the Russians
returned to Port Arthur by train, leav
ing bfjrind them only some old Chinese
guns, the breechlocks of which had
been destroyed.
The Japanese artillery fire was well
directed, but the Russians suffered
more from ¦ the fire of the Japanese
gunboats.
When the Russian merchant from
whom these details were obtained left
Port Arthur the Japanese were within
twelve mfles of that place. The Rus
sians have trenches and earthworks
at intervals of two miles throughout
this distance. ¦
CHEFU, June 15.— Further details of
the fighting at Kinchou the latter part
of last month have been ootained from
a Russian merchant who was there at
the time and who has arrived here on
a Junk. He says that when the Chinese
announced the Japanese approach on
Klnchou, the Russians were unable to
obtain accurate information as to the
strength of the enemy, four thousand
men from the Twenty-sixth and Twen
ty-seventh Regiments, who were sent
out to reconnoiter, met the Japanese
on the plains. The enemy was about
35,000 strong. The Infantry arms en
gaged and the Russians lost 200 men
before they could reach the shelter of
their trenches. The Russians claim
that the Japanese lost ten men to their
one in this preliminary engagement.
When the Japanese warships com
menced the bombardment of the Rus
sian trenches from Kinchou shot
and shell fell among the Russians like
hail and it was impossible for them to
hold their position.
It had been the intention of the Rus
sians to evacuate Kinchou, but the
Japanese attacked them before they
had time to move out.
Were Preparing to Evacuate Klnchou
When Japanese Attacked.
RUSSIANS CAUGHT NAPPING.
the firm of which this "merchant. Is a
member has Just turned over.' to the
authorities 92,000 pounds^of salt" beef.
Other firms have supplied the authori
ties at Port Arthur with provisions. .
This. merchant estimates the number
of men at Port Arthur at 50,000. This
exceeds the Chinese estimates by 20,000
men. -:.,..
.TIENTSIN, June 15. — It has been
learned here from a Russian source
that 40,000 Russians passed Tashi
chao, twenty miles south of New
chwang, last Monday, going south
ward. It Is supposed that this force
is going to the relief of Port Arthur.
General Ma has removed his head
quarters from Chaoyarig to Plngchlu
chow. Viceroy Yuan Shai Kai, com
mander In chief of the Chinese forces,
has refused General Ma's request for
10,000 more troops. It is believed
here that there are 40,000 Chinese im
perial soldiers on the Mongolian bor
der.
LARGE ARMY ADVAXCIXG.
MANILA, June 16.— The Spanish-
Filipino Bank claims that the issuance
of the new currency, or what is gener
ally known here as the "Conant notes,"
Is illegal, and it will, it is stated, bring
suit against the Federal Government,
alleging that Under the treaty of Paris
ceding the Philippines to the United
States the bank has the exclusive right
to issue bills which shall circulate as
money in the islands.
The proposed Internal revenue law
for the Philippine Islands provides that
a tax of 12 per cent shall be put upon
a bank note issue in excess of its capi
tal stock. The Spanish-Filipino Bank
also is opposed to this, claiming that
the position of the bank under Ameri
can sovereignty is analogous to that
of the trustees of Dartmouth College
after the American Revolution. The
matter will be taken before the author
ities at Washington.
Alleges That New Currency
to Be Circulated in the
Philippines Is Illegal
MANILA BANK
FILES PROTEST
Routed Russian Army Abandons Its Guns on the Battlefield
TOKIO, June 15, i p. m.— A flotilla of
torpedo . boats and torpedo-boat de
stroyers, under the command of Cap
tain Tsuchiya, and co-operating with
the army, made a reconnaisance in
force near Siauplng Island yesterday
and bombarded the Russians' outposts
on the coast to the west or the island.
Siauping Island is twelve miles west
of Port Arthur.
At noon the Russian cruiser Novik,
convoying ten torpedo-boat destroyers,
steamed out from Port Arthur. The
Russian shore batteries protected these
vessels with a heavy cannonade. The
Japanese flotilla retreated slowly, firing
as it went, for the purpose of decoying
the enemy to sea. At 3 o'clock in the
afternoon the Russian ships returned
to the entrance of Port Arthur.
The fact that the Novik came out of
Port -Arthur makes it certain that the
Russians have succeeded in blasting a
channel through the cement-laden
merchantmen sunk by the Japanese in
the entrance to the harbor. This free
dom of egress comes too late to per
mit of any effect upon the operations
of the Japanese army, for men, guns
and 'stores, have practically all been
landed and Admiral Togo Is capable of
keeping the remnant of the Russian
fleet imprisoned In Port Arthur.
Last Monday night Japanese vedette
boats, protected by torpedo boats and
torpedo-boat destroyers, succeeded In
reaching- the- entrance to Port Arthur
and planting a series of mines there.
The darkness of midnight favored the
operation. The Japanese vessels were
hot observed and. they returned to the
rest' of the" squadron without having
sustained "any -damage.
The dispatch of divisions southward
is not entirely attributable to a desire
to relieve the pressure on Port Arthur,
as it is considered that the fortress
would lose most of its importance to
Russia, from a strategical standpoint.
If the naval squadron there succeeded
In escaping and effecting a Junction
¦with the squadron commanded by Vice
Admiral Skyrdloff. Stakelberg's pur
rose is mainly intended to discourage
the landing of a fourth Japanese army,
which the authorities have reason to
believe is planned, on the west coast of
the Liaotung Peninsula, near New
chwang. whence it could co-operate
with General Kuroki's advance upon
Liaoyang.
Both sides retained their positions
efter the encounter yesterday, when
the fighting was of the most desperate
character on the Russian left wing.
The adversaries brought up all the
Fupports possible during the height of
the battle and the combat was resumed
this morning. With the whole Third
army behind General Nozu, there is
apprehension that Stakelberg may be
unable to get together a sufficient
force to successfully oppose the enemy.
The authorities here have success
fully concealed up to this time the
number of Russian troops on the pe
ninsula. It now develops that Stakel
berjfs entire corps has been centered
at Kaichou (about twenty miles south
cf Newchwang).
Not clnce the war began had such
excitement been apparent at the War
End Naval ministries as reigned there
to-<lay. With the encounter between
th? opposing fleets imminent and heavy
fighting in progress south of Vafangow
(Liaotung Peninsula, about fifty-five
miles north of Port Arthur and along
the line established by the Japanese
reaching across the peninsula from
Pitzewo to Port Adams), news both
from the land and sea was awaited
vith feverish anxiety. The general
FtafT believes that the Japanese force
which attacked Major General Goin
prcss' division yesterday was the ad
vance force of General Nozu's entire
army, of nearly 50,000 men. General
liaron Stakelberg, who commands the
First Siberian Corps, is personally di
recting the operations at the front.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 15.— The
eppolntment cf Lieutenant General
Leonldas Dembowski as" commander of
the Fifth East Siberian Army Corps
Is evidence that larger reinforcements
art to be placed at General Kuropat
kin's disposal. The four corps origi
nally formed of Siberian troops are
mobilized in Manchuria and other
Crafts have been sent out to the Far
East. The organization of the new
ccrps, Independent of the Russian
corps now ordered out from European
Russia. Fhows that Kuropatkin now
has almost 200,000 troops, irrespective
of frontier and railroad guards, and
that probably he has an effective array
of 160.000 men at Liaoyang.
Dembowski is a distinguished strat
egist. He participated in the Russo-
Turkish war and was commander of
the grenadier corps after the war.
Later he became head of the Paul In
fantry school and held that position
until two years ago. Since then he has
be«n on the personal staff of the War
Minister.
Her Commander Too Wary
to Be Lured Far From
the Forts.
Army Staff Fears That Stak
el berg Will Be Defeated
by Xozu.
Convoys Destroyers in a
Attack oil Japanese
Flotilla.
Bossian Commander Has
Two Hundred Thousand
3Ien at Present. '
"The fact that tire. Russian protected
cruiser Novik made a sortie from Port
Arthur yesterday demonstrates that
the harbor entrance is free and 'the
Novlk's dash doubtless was prelimin
ary to the egress" of the whole>quad
ron for the .purpose of effecting a
Juncture with Skrydloff 's squadron.
The news of ai decisive, sea battle,
therefore, may arrive at any hour.
Before Admiral Skrydloff left Vladi
vostok the Russian ' protected cruiser
Bogatyr, which struck on the rocks off
Cape Gamova, was hauled off and
towed Into the harbor of Vladivostok.
She is now in dock there. ,
ST. PETERSBURG. June 15.— No in
formation is obtainable here regarding
the reported engagement between the
Russian Vladivostok squadron and a
Japanese squadron in the ' Korean
Straits. But it is likely that a naval
fight has occurred, or is about to oc
cur. Vice Admiral Skrydloff has left
Vladivostok with the armored cruisers
Gromoboi, Rossiag and Rurlk and
some torpedo craft. As this fact is
already known abroad, the, press be
trays no confidence of the, authorities
here in making this definite announce
ment. .•
MAY . EFFECT A JUXCTIOX.
Iki Island and subsequently came news
of the engagement already referred to
in "the Tolcio dispatch..
1 SKOULr June 15:~The Russian Vlad
ivostok fleet fired,' at 5 o'clock this
morning, upon •,.-. merchant vessel close
to a smair Island three hours distant
from Shl'niohosekl.' - v It is believed the
ship fired upon was an* American ves
sel, the -, Ohio, which left Pusan last
night for Nagasaki. The. Japanese
Minister to A Korea Vision", this boat, en
route to Japan. , w
It Is believed the -Vladivostok fleet is
trying-, to effect a' Junction with the
Port Arthur fleet. . This will be almost
impossible on account or the difficulty
of passing Penkal Straits.
, At Chemulpo there : are several Jap
anese officers whose, return to Naga
saki is delayed because the steamship
on which; they purpose traveling is
awaiting 1 news of the position of the
Russian vessels before venturing to
sea. ' . - ¦ . — -
TOKIO. June 15, 7 p. m.— Reports of
cannonading have been received here
from various points, such as Chlkuzen
Province. Ik! Island and Tsushima, but
the exact nature of the operations of
the Russian Vladivostok squadron is
not disclosed.' It is possible that the
Russian vessels surprised and captured
three transports which left Shlmono
seki to-day for the army bases in Ko
rea and China. The course of these ves
sels would have taken them close to
the place where the Russian ships were
seen. It Is possible also that the Rus
sians are pursuing merchantmen, and
that the cannonading reported Is a re
sult of such pursuits.
The Japanese warships in the vicinity
are hurrying to the scene. Sasebo is
being closed. There Is a strong possi
bility that a naval engagement will
take place soon. No southern Japanese
city Is exposed to attack, but this Rus
sian raid may prove expensive to ship-
The indications are that the Russian
squadron is moving eastward. This in
creases the chances for an open sea
engagement. The Japanese are pursu
ing, keenly eager for a fight.
The Vladivostok squadron evidently
attacked the Japanese transports Hita
chi and Sado yesterday off Iki Island.
The details of the attack have not
been received here.
TRANSPORTS PROBABLY TAKEN'.
NAGASAKI. June 15.— A telegram re
ceived from Iki Island says that Japa
nese warships have engaged a Russian
squadron near there and that the result
of the encounter is not yet known.
TOKIO. June 16, 9 a, m.— Although It
is rumored a Japanese squadron over
took and engaged the Vladivostok
squadron off Iki Island In the straits
of Korea, it is extremely Improbable
that there has been an engagement.
The weather has again favored the
Russian fleet. The storm, accompanied
by a heavy rain, which swept over the
sea in the neighborhood of Tsu Island
yesterday hid the movements of the
Russian vessels. One Japanese scout-
Ing vessel Is reported to have got In
touch with the Russian squadron and
to have followed It. It probably lost
the Russians when night came on.
The captain of a Japanese merchant
ship reported this morning, that his
ship was fired upon by a Russian war
ship. """— '
Heavy cannonading was heard early
this morning in the neighborhood of
An earlier dispatch* to the Central
News from Tokio, filed this afternoon,
Bald a naval engagement was then In
progress off Tsushima Island, in » the
Korean Straits, between the three Rus
sian cruisers and a number of Jap
anese ships.
The Central News ' dispatch added
that the Vladivostok squadron* was
first reported on June 14 from Iki Is
land (off Kioto, Japan, In the Sea of
Japan). Later In the day cannonading
was heard northwest of .- Nagato (on
the Japanese coast, in the Straits of
Korea).
LONDON, June 15.— A dispatch to the
Central News from Toklo, filed at! 6
p. m. to-day, says:
"A dispatch Just received from Moji
nays the cannonading at sea stopped at
1 p. m. There was a heavy sea in the
straits all day. Ten Japanese merchant
6teamships are known to have left va
rious ports for Moji and there Is much
anxiety about their fate."
It is rumored to-night that the Rus
sian warships have gone eastward.
REPORTS OF NAVAL FIGHT.
Three Japanese transports, outward
bound from Shlmoriosekl, met the Rus
sian warships this morning outside the
Strait of Korea. The Russians fired
eighteerr^shots at the Japanese ships.
One transport escaped. The fate of the
other two is not known.
It is believed at Sasebo that a naval
engagement is imminent.
The Japanese transports . Ugo and
Fuyo, homeward bound, met the Rus
sian vessels this morning near Iki Is
land. The Russians pursued them and
fired sixteen shots at the Japanese
ships. The 'transports escaped and
reached Katsumoto.
ping.
It is reported here that, the Japanese
protected cruiser Nitska engaged, "the
Russian Vladivostok squadron off Tsu
Island, In the strait between, JCorea'ahd
Japan. This report, however, lacks
confirmation. . ' . •
CRUISER NOVIK
MAKES A DASH
OUT OF HARBOR
MORE TROOPS
TO BE HURRIED
TO KUROPATKIN
Storm Aids Russian Squadron in Eluding Foe, but
the Japanese Are in Close Pursuit.
VLADIVOSTOK CRUISERS ESCAPE
AFTER CAPTURING TRANSPORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 10, 1904.
Continued From Page 1, Colnmn 1.
WASHINGTON, June 19.— After a confer
ence with the President to-day Attorney Gen
eral Knox announced that It had been decided
to appoint Norman A. rtulck as District At
torney at Boise City. Idaho, vice It. V. Cro
sier, deceased.
ZANESVIL,L,E, Ohio, June 15.— On petition of
the ctockohlders of the Commercial Bank of
Cambridge, a private institution, a receiver was
appointed for the bank to-day. The petition
alleges defalcations against P. C. Patterson,
tbe Cashier "and H, O. Barber, one of th« di
rectors. > -..
5
* r - - • AjygRTisEMKtraa.
-¦';'. "¦ > .- • ¦ ' ¦ ' " '¦." "
••CvKi' ' ' ' : ' 'at'
• San Francisco. Thursday, 16 June, 1004.
"Princess" dresser in -
golden oak, $18.51
A charming bedroom piece fora kl
modern house. The handsome mirror
is a French bevel plate.
About half of the large invoice of .
Smith's Axminster rugs has been sold.
Still a good assortment of patterns re-
main. /The rugs are nine by twelve,
feet in size. The price, $17.90, will .
'¦ hold good only while this special invoice
(Formerly the California Furniture^Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union Square
' i /\T>irmB.TTSv.T<rpfj7'q
...TWO SEVENTY... J
Two Dollars and Seventy Cents I
Our $3:go, $4:go, $5;Q0 Shoes 8
For Two Weeks-Why? J|j| I
:¦'¦ This is why: "We must finish op the il!!!!!!? [I
Nolan stock. Cost doesn't count J^^^i. M
We must have room, and we must J^jif&rjrc tl
Snl Jr I O * vll A
wlllv/JU \*\J jj
Mall Orders Filled Promptly. PHELAN BUILDING [j
m BUY A -1
U Good I
HLpockbt
BfjJ/fiy Standard makes. High |
f rA Srade. Will stand usage. I
'¦rj* A Good Razor as low as I
y^? $1.00 1
ffggg^ Scissors from... 23c up I
«— Razor Strops I
£Tf^*j" —."»f and up
« i"'™* Two bnr> Williams' 10c
'" i Shaving Soap lJ»c
*bg" Mail orders filled
I promptly.
\ THAT MAN PITTS,
¦ F. "W. PITTS. The Stationer. I
I 1008 Market St., Above Powell. I
I SA>* FRANCISCO. |
When you buy
fpli^l Golden
m
Coffee
You get coffee —
not coupons — prizes — souvenirs
J. A. Folger-5 Co.
For Breakfast
mm m tm m m Im mmm^^^ mm , m mm _ — m M M mm m mm mm mm^ mm mm mm
We have shown that It Is possible tn do
the very best dental work In the worlil at
moderate prices. All the work Is painless
and don? by graduate dentists. No students.'
I.aily attendants. 10 years', guarantee.
rainless Silver Fillings $ 25 up
Painless Gold Fillings 75 up
Painless Gold Crown. 22k 3.50 up
Painless I'orcaUln Crowns.... 3.50 up
Painless Bridge Work 3.50 up
Full Set of Teeth :.... 2.00 up
Samp!<*3 ot work at entrance.
Hale Dental Co.
702 ATarket St.. Cor. Kearny
{* J
>Sg^2y MARKFT || | ffjyj^
n rw *¦" fl_B & /I II To stay Cured. Cause re-
!\ \ 1 it IVl Zi moved. Health -vstcrej.
h\\J I I E |Yl/-» x o more AstSroa or Hay
Ftver. Uook- CO Fre*.
CURED \*$r»ggj>*Am.- s
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
It la jnst a common cold, people «ay
there's no danger in that. Admitting their
statement, then there are uncommon colds
colds which are dangerous ; for many a
fatal sickness begins with a cold. If we
could tell the cotnraon cold from the un-
common we could f;el qtvlte safe. But we
caa't. The cncomiaon variety is rarely
reccKT.ired until it has fastened its hold on
the lucjrs, and there are symptoms of con-
sumption.
At the first symptoms the carefnl person
will heed the warning by taking: a mild
laxative ; some vegetable pill that will not
disturb the system or cause griping-. About
the best is "Dr. I'iercs's Pleasant Pellets."
If the cold starts with a cough, and it
persists then some lecal treatment for this
condition &hould be taken. A well known
attentive extract, which has been highly
recommended by thousands of users, is
Dr. Pierce'* Golden Medical Discovery.
This tonic compound is composed of ah
extract of roots and herbs and has a eooth-
ing effect upon the mueous membrane,
allays the irritation n:id at the .same time
works in the proper and reasonable v.*ay.
r.t the seat of the trouble— the stagnated or
poisoned blood.
It contains no alcohol to shrivel up the
blood corposcles, but makes pure rich red
blood.
Dr. Pirrce's tcoopajre iTu'tratrd book.
"The Common f>ns« Medical Adviser." is
sent free in paper covers on receipt of ;:
DUCfCCat *tanip~ to psy cost of niailiiiyo/.-/!-
Fcr 31 starips the cloth-bound volume will
be sent. 1008 pages. It r.-as formerly sold
for $1.50 per copy. Address Dr. "R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y,The counterfeiter may succeed even
when he doesn't make good.
OAKLAND, Jufi e 15.— Stanley Rich,
a youth, who stole $38 from Wishart's
drug store! \vhere~ he was employed!
admitted his guilt to Judge Hall, to
day and was placed on probation upon
wu promise to reform,-
Goes on Probation.
Mrs. M. Hellmann, Mrs. Ipsen, Mrs. J. Mc-
Carthy. Mrs. Amln, Misses M. Hellmann. K.
Loughran, M. Fabian, M. and . K. Kelly, C.
and F. Brown, A. Devins, A. Thompson A
Conyn and M. McAullffe.
The ladies in charge of the League
of the Cross booth will give an enter
tainment and social in St. Rose's Hall
on Freelon street, near Fourth, Fri
day evening.' An excellent programme
will be given. Following are the la
dies in charge:
League of the Cross Social.
Police Captain* Chnnsc Watches.
OAKLAND, June 15. — Captains of
Police W. J. Petersen and A. Wilson
have changed watches; ..the . former
after seven years of night- dutj* hav
ing taken the day watch. Captain Wil
son will be in command at night until
further notice. The change was made
at tbe request of Captain Petersea.
OAKLAND. June 15.— Police Judge
Samuels will decide Saturday as to the
ownership of $1300 found in Jose
Ferro's possession, which Is claimed
by David Selby. a confectioner, as part
of $1600 he left In a grip on an Oak
land ferry-boat. Attorneys have "<on
tested the case for three days and ex
amined many witnesses.
Will Decide Selby Case.
OAKLAND, June 15. — Articles of
incorporation of Evangel Baptist
Church of Berkeley were filed with
the County Clerk to-day. The direc
tors are W.A. Shippee. L. S. Gear, R.
R. Bixby. H. L. Whitney. H. A. John
son, William L. Beedle, and Calvin
Es^erly. :
Incorporate Church.
Mrs. Yetty Fingerhut. who was late
ly discharged from an insane asylum
in New York State upon the applica
tion of her sister, became violently in
sane yesterday and had to be placed
in the detention ward of the Emer
gency Hospital to await examination
.into her condition. Mrs. Fingerhut
and her three children were deserted
by the father in Chicago three years
ago and that was the beginning of her
present trouble.
Mrs. William Murphy from Red
wood City applied at the Emergency
Hospital yesterday for. treatment for
injuries inflicted, she says, by her hus
band. The husband was for some
time employed by the Spring Valley
Water Company. After the assault he
deserted her and their 3-year-old child
and she has followed h!m to this .city
for the purpose of having him ar
rested.
Deserted by Husbands.
OAKLAND, June 15. — The will of
the late Georgia Dobbs was filed for
probate to-day. She possessed prop
erty to the value of $3000, but be
queaths but $1 to each of a number of
sisters, nephews, nieces, brothers, half
brother* and namesakes and leaves all
the residue to Attorney E. A. Bolton
to use for charity. He can use his
own discretion as to what he con
siders charity.
Relatives Get $1 Each.
ALAMEDA, June 15. — City Clerk
James W. "Glllogly has received
his " commission as captain of Com
pany G, Fifth Regiment, N. G. C, of
this city, and George F. Schroeder has
been commissioned first lieutenant of
the same command. The new officers
will enter upon their duties Immedi
ately.^ ;;P : :;^:
New Officers of Company G.
BERKELEY. June V 15 < — John Pars
ley Crossley, a pioneer sea captain, died
at the age of 72 years this morning
at the . home of his daughter, Mrs.
George T. Wheeler, of 2832 Harper
street. Captain Crossley was a native
of Middleton, Conn., and had sailed
the sea most of his life. The funeral
will be held In San Jose, where he
formerly resided. '**• "i
Pioneer Mariner Pnsses Away.
BERKELEY. June 15. — Captain W.
J. Petersen of the Oakland Police De
partment will address the people of
the South Berkeley Presbyterian
Church Friday evening. A series of
interesting meetings are scheduled for
this week at the church. Rev. R. C.
Stone of the Centennial Presbyterian
Church spoke last night and Rev. E.
M. Hill -of the Golden Gate Methodist
Church will speak to-morrow night.
Captain Petersen Will Speak.
ALAMEDA, June 15. — Milton
Blake, accused by the police of being
"Jack the swatter," will be tried be
fore a jury in City Justice R. B. Tap
pan's court to-morrow morning for
the second time on a cnarge of battery
preferred by Miss Kate Crinin. At
Blake's first trial held last\ week a
Jury of eleven stood six for conviction
and five for acquittal..
Milton Blnke'A Second Trinl.
OAKLAND. June 15. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day:
Frank E. Durham, over 21, and
Maggie Rou, over 18, both of Oak
land: James McClymont, 29. and Ma
ria Christina. 24. both of San Fran
cisco: Ulric G. Hunt, 35. and Laura
M. Bonestal, 20. both of Oakland;
Robert L. Moss, over 21, and Annabell
Bogy, over lh. both of Oakland;
Christopher W. Saul, 45. and Char
lotte Thatchef, 45, both of San Fran
cisco; John Andersen, over 21, and
Jennie M. Austin, over 18, both of
Oakland; Percy T. Coxe, over 21, and
Bessie Forster, over 18, both of Oak
land; William H. Lea, 24, and Nell
McConaughey. 20, both of Oakland;
Gus O. Skogsbe"rg, 43. Lafayette, and
Anna I. Lind. 35, Salt Lake City; Fred
Hofmann, 23. Melrose, and Esther B.
Scott, 22. Alameda; Malachi J. Flan
nery. 24. and Minnie M-Hull, 24. both
of Oakland; George B. Trahan, 25
and Verna T. Watters, 18. both of
Oakland; James L. Fay. 22. and
Louise V. Major, 18, both of San
Francisco.
Oakland Marriage licenses.
BERKELEY, June 15. — A largely
signed petition has been presented to
the Board of Trustees, which Is asked
to make an order requiring police of
ficers to secure medical attendance for
all men arrested in Berkeley for
drunkenness. It is the purpose to pre
vent men who may have been Injured
from going without proper attention.
The case of a man who died from ex
posure after spending a night In the
local Jail is the incentive for the peti
tion.
Want Drunken Men Examined.
They have some queer meanings at
tached to common words down in Jer
sey, and the stranger going there for
the summer finds it difficult to under
stand the natives. A few days since
a Philadelphlan who has a taste for
horticulture moved down to spend hla
second summer In the same town.
Last year he raised some beautiful
dahlias which, as everybody knows,
are propagated from bulbs. He was
working in his garden yesterday when
a natty-dressed little boy approached
him and said, "Please, sir, mother
wants to know^ if you'll please give her
a few potatoes?" 1 " Now potatoes are
scarce and very high and the gentle
man, believing he was relieving a case
of poverty and distress, want into the
house with the boy and gave him a
generous helping of the succulent escu
lent. The boy thanked him and de
parted. In an hour he was back with
the potatoes, and said his mother had
plenty of that sort, but wanted some of
the kind that dahlias grew from. Ha
got the dahlia bulbs.— Philadelphia
Telegram.
Jersey Kngrll-h.
The decree of divorce granted
George D. Allmond from Nora All
mond a year ago was final to-day.
Emma Butler began a suit for di
vorce to-day against Piers P. Btxtler
on the ground of cruelty. „ .
Marie Hubbell «u granted an inter
locutory decre of divorce from S. G.
Hobbell of Alameda on the ground of
cruelty. •
OAKLAND, June 15. — On a charge
ef lack of consideration on the part
«f Dr. F. E. Webster, formerly of
Sunol, in providing her with the ne
cessaries of life, Kate H. Webster has
instituted divorce proceedings against
him and Attorney William Harris filed
the papers in the case to-day, charg
ing the defendant with failure to pro
vide.
Says He Failed to Provide
for Her.
Wife of Dr. F. F. Webster of Stinol
SEEK SURCEASE FROM
THEIR MARITAL TROUBLES
OAKLAND. June 15. — Cancer of
the stomach was the enuse of death in
the case of Mrs. Clarissa A. Banning,
who died suddenly at her residence,
666 Walsworth avenue, yesterday af
ternoon. Mrs. Banning had been at
tended on Tuesday by a Christian Sci
ence . healer, but became worse'
Wednesday. Dr. I. E. Nicholson wasi
then called, but the patient died be
fore his arrival. For that reason Cor
oner Mehrmann took charge of the
case and orde/ed a post mortem ex
amination. Mrs. Banning was born
in the Hawaiian Islands and was well
known in Honolulu. She leaves a
son, R. B. Banning, and several sis
ters.
OAKLAND. June 15.— The local
Cooks' and Walters' Union nominated
the following members last night to
fill the offices of the union during the
next term: President. Martin Grego
vich. Herman Hollander; vice pres
ident. J. Del Monte, George Kuhl. H.
de Roy; second vice president, Joseph
Olea* treasurer, Julius Dekermareck;
business agent. Peter Weber. M. Ro
land. C. W. McBride; outside guards.
J Paccassi, S. Tannovich; board of
trustees, V. Clemovlch, J. Strangfleld;
executive board. George Buschnark.
H. E. Moore; delegates to Provision
Trades Council. J. Cooper. P. Weber,
M. Gregovich, C. W. McBride. H. Hol
lander, J. Dekermarck.
Death Due to Cancer.
Cooks'' and Walters' Election.
OAKLAND. June 15. — The Board tif
Health has issued a bulletin calllns
the attention of the public? to the dan
gers of lockjaw from toy pistol
wounds. Physic!ans have also been
advised concerning recent improved
methods of treatment. The City Coun
cil has refused to rescind an ordinance
whirh prohibits the firing of pistols or
other firearms. Police orders will bo
issued to stop all pistol shooting on
the Fourth of July.
Toy Pistols Tabooed.
BERKELEY, June IS. — Miss Elizabeth
Paimer of th* Los Angeles High School has
accepted the invitation of Professor Hugo de
Vrles, the great Dutch botanist, to act as his
assistant In botany during the summer session
at the university. Miss Palmer Is an in
structor in botany at the Los Angeles High
fechool and is a very talented young woman.
She was graduated from the university with
the cJacs of 1S»4. She will fill the place made
vacant by the decision of H. T. A. Hus of the
botany department to make one of the
scientific expedition to the Galapagos Islands
Instead of etaying In Berkeh-y. >
Among the members of the university who
will to with the party of scientists that will
be rent out to the Galapagos Islands by the
California Academy of Sciences are II. T. A.
Hut and William Hunter. The expedition will
be led by R. H. Beck of Pan Francisco, who
once before was the leader of a similar trip
In tho interest of the Rothschild Museum.
Besides the, men from California there will be
several from Stanford University.
Thornlngton Clarke Chage, u senior in the
College jf Chemistry, has returned to the
unlver*lty, after a three years' absence In the
Philippines, with the object 4 of finishing up
his college work. While In the Islands Mr.
Chase occupied a position with the educational
bureau conducted by the Government, and was
also connected with the Philippine exposition
board.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
YOtTXO WOMAN WHOSE ANONY
MOUS LETTERS ANNOUNCING
DEATH LED TO HER DISCOVERY.
BERKELEY. June 15. — The "J. O. C. Club"
is the enigmatic name of a club that was re
cently formed by the young ladies of the
Bible clan of the Trinity Methodist Church
It promises many entertainments for the future
and is certain to provide come pleasant after
noons and evenings. The first meeting was
held Thursday evening at the home of Mrs
L. H. Elliott of 1027 Dwlght way. The feature
was the installation of the first set of officers
the following being endowed with the badge
of office: President. Mrs. Elliott; vice presi
dent. Miss Maud Henry: secretary. Miss Dora
James; treasurer, MUs Eva McClure. A com
mittee, consisting of Miss Henry. Miss James,
Mrs. Grace Cook and Miss May Bone, was ap
pointed to arrange for a club pin.
The societies of SL Mark's Episcopal Church
are preparing for a social meeting on the even-
Ing of Friday, June 24, in the parish house
The programme. wMlch will be Impromptu
will be contributed by each society.
Dr. J. E. Donahue and Miss Louise Ward,
daughter of M. R. Ward, president of the
Washoe County Bank of Reno Ner.; were
married Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock at 114-1
Twelfth street, the Rev. Dr. Stevenson of San
Francisco officiating. The bride wore a gown
of crepe de chine over white taffeta, with
orange blossoms. She carried a wreath of
Bride roses. Mies Susie Ward was the brides
maid. Dr. Ernest Slsson attended the groom.
The young couple will reside in this city.
Tb* many friends of Bert Telfer McBain
will be eurprtsed to l-arn of his departure for
6t. LotiU. Wednesday morning, to become a
benedict. Mr. -McBain .is the popular trom
bone soloist who has helped to bring the Young
Men's Christian Association orchestra up to
its present high standard of excellence. He
irons to claim as his bride Miss Edith de May
Keck, the charming pianist, who is well known
in this city where she has spent several
winter*. After the wedding, which will be
on Sunday, the "young couple will make a tour
of the Southern States, returning, by way of
Lc* Angeles, about the middle of July. ,
Wallace Alexander is a, son of the B. T.
Alexanders — who are now making a tour of
the world — and is known as well to the Haw
aiian Iclandc as he Is in Oakland and Fan
FranciEco. His father is one of tb* so-called
sugar kings of Hawaii and he himself is
largely Int'rested. He is one of the founders
of the Aloha Club, the Boys' Social Settlement,
and is ixjpalar with both men and women so
cially.
Th« me triage of Miss Mary Barker and
Wallace Alexander — their engagement has just
been annoumx-d — will unite two of Oakland's
oldert and most highly esteemed families
Timothy L. Barker, father of th* bride-to-be,
has long since retired from an active- business
life, but for many. yean he was a prominent
figure In municipal affairs. He was at one
time a leader in politics, and for years filled
the position of City Councilman most ef
ficiently. The Barker* are wealthy and have
riven their only daughter e\'ery advantage In
th? way of culture and travel. Miss Barker Is
a clever girl and a delightful impromptu
speaker. She ha* also considerable hiftiionlc
ability, having been very successful in various
amateur affairs.
Among the guests were Miss Lulu Jungck.
Mrs. J. B. Jungck. Miss Morris, Ml*s Frances
Schuirter, Miss Caesl* Brown. Miss Eleanor
Keegan. It!** Mae Ke«gan. Mrs. Grislngher
Mrs. R. Rlghepti. Mrs. Cheyrlas and Messrs
E. P. 6chrad«T. William Morris. Tom FeeUy.
Bert James. Fred Boukofuky. Stuart Mastlck
Cellar, Edwin Walton and Dr. J. J. Benton!
The college town «ea the scene of a Jolly
afTalr last night when Mrs. D. Mitchell of
Berkeley pave a private bal masque In honor
of MIm Frances Schuster. The residence on
Sixth street was beautifully decorated with
ferns and pink carnations, a fitting- environ
ment for the merry crowd of revelers. Miss
Castle Brown was a charming flower girl. In
a pink organdie gown, tastefully trimmed with
asparagus fern and carrying a basket of blos
»ome. The Queen of Night found a fair rep
resentative in Miss Lulu Jungck. her black,
star-studded gown being one of the prettiest
there. Miss Morris was an attractive Godde/e
of Liberty, and Mm. Jungck as a "spook'"
was a source of considerable amusement. Miss
Eitanor Keegan was a very stunning "drum
major." The men mostly sought "surceaiie
of Borrow" in the garb of tramps and other
happy-go-lucky characters, although ¦ there
were also several handsome costumes, notably
the Mexican velvets and sombrero of Mr.
Feeley. Mr. Schrader was a "Weary Willie"
and Bert/ James made things lively with his
antics a/ a clown. Dr. Benton, In cap and
gown, personated a stuo>nt.
OAKLAND. June 15.— A "mothers' and
daughters* " luncheon Is the novel entertain
ment belnc planned by Mrs. C. W. Klnsey
In honor of a bride and a bride-to-be, Mrs
George Lackle and Miss Edith Larkey. Six
teen /rlends will enjoy this happy little re
union next Friday and the Invited ones are
anticipating a delightful afternoon.
By Zoe Green Raddiffe.
Mrs. Blanchard has used every means
in her power to induce the young
woman to return . home, but without
avail. She still insists that she wants
to make her own way in the world,
though she has cast off the suicide
story and admits her identity.. ;
Mrs. Blanchard says that she never
believed the suicide story at any time.
A correspondence was kept up be
tween the two and finally Miss Lillian
E. Ileald confessed to her sister that
she had left home for the purpose "of
making her own way in the world. She
admlttecNthat she had arranged the
suicide story, that she had written the
letters signed "Mrs. Reynolds." pur
porting to give' an account of the sui
cide, that she had described herself
and her own clothingMn this letter and
that she had done all this in order
that she might be able to support her
self and not be dependent upon others.
She admitted that the only unfortu
nate feature in her story of suicide was
that the tide was out when she was
supposed to have committed suicide.
When pressed for a reason as to why
she had allowed her relatives to think
that Khe had committed suicide, she
only said that, she thought that they
would cease to worry if they thought
that she was dead.
But even after the discovery , of her
subterfuge Miss Heald has refused to
return home. She finally admitted her
identity and then disappeared .from
Bakersfleld. Her next appearance was
at Fallbrook, where she has been re
siding under the name of. "Mrs. Mary
Wilson." and she is 1 still supposed to
be there.
WRITE TO EACH OTHER.
Then Mrs. Blanchard began adver
tising for her sister and she spent no
little money in this way. But no an
swer came, and the mysterious "Mrs.
Reynolds" even remained silent.
Then it was that Mrs. Blanchard dis
covered that a young woman was liv
ing In Bakersfield under the name of
"Mrs. Reynolds." Here again was the
mysterious name— the name of the
woman who had written , the letters
about the missing girl.
Mrs. Blanchard adopted the same
methods that had been used by the
missing woman. She wrote a letter to
Bakersfield, addressed it to "Mrs. Rey
nolds" and signed an assumed name.
The letter got an answer, and after
that it was only a question of fol
lowing the missing girl in her wander-
Ings.
It was on Tuesday, April 12, that the
people of Oakland were startled with
the story of the disappearance c/f Miss
Lillian E. Hea'.d. Mrs. Sydney Blanch
ard of 855 Thirty-seventh street report
ed to the police that her sister. Miss
Heald, had disappeared. Shortly after
that Mrs. Blanebard began to receive
letters signed "Mrs. Reynolds," : and it
was this that /led to the location of
Miss Heald. This location and dis
covery were not accomplished for some
time, and not until much money had
been spent in advertising and detec
tive work, for Miss Heald did every
thing in her power -to block the search.
She even wrote letters, under the false
name of "Mrs. Reynolds," describing
her own supposed suicide.
It was these letters, however, that
finally brought to light the where
abouts of the missing girl.
The supposed "Mrs. Reynolds", seem
ed to know more about Miss Heald
than did even her sister. "Mrs. Rey
nolds" wrote to Mrs. Blanchard and
to the newspapers that she hr.d seen
a woman, answering the description
of Miss Heald. standing at the foot of
B Btreet; that the woman had sudden
ly thrown herself into the bay at that
point and that she had drowned under
the eye of "Mrs. Reynolds." Unfor
tunately for the story "Airs. Reynolds'
mentioned the time of day, 2:30 o'clock
in th» afternoon. Mrs. Blanchard con-»
suited the tide tables and discovered
that the tide, at that time, was out,
and that there was nothing but Jhe
mud flats at the foot of B street.
HUNTED FOR SISTER.
The girl gives as her reason for dis
appearing and setting up a false story
of suicide that she desired to end a
life of idleness and begin making a
name for herself. . •
OAKLAND. June 15.— The mystery
of the disappearance of Miss Lillian E.
Heald has been solved. Instead of
having committed suicide in a tragic
manner at the foot of B street in North
Oakland she is quietly residing in
Fallbrook in the southern part of this
State in the full possession of all her
faculties. * . .
COMING EVENTS.
After a wedding supper the young
people departed for the. south, to be
absent about two weeks. On their re
turn they will make their home in the
Mission.
Amid flowers and green things from
the forest. Miss Gussie Stolz became
the bride of Augustus Soher. the serv
ice being read by the Rev. E. Nelander
at the First English Lutheran Church.
The bride was attended by Miss Pearl
Stolz. •maid of honor, and Misses May
and Ruby Stolz. May Dalton and Ethel
Manuel, bridesmaids. Little Annie
Bickell was the ring-bearer and on a
pink silken cushion carried the gold
band that bound the pair together. Dr.
H. C. Soher was best man and Messrs.
Alan Maginis, Earl Earhart. Edward
Fisher. William Ralsch. J. L. Frisbie
and Louis Delano served as ushers.
Last night Mr. and Mrs. Joseph S.
Monjes celebrated the seventh anniver
sary of their wedding by entertaining
eight friends at dinner at their home
at 2901 Pierce street.
The bride was radiant Ip an Irish
point gown, her veil fastened by a
half-wreath of orange blossoms. She
was attended by Miss Bessie Roden as
honor maid, who wore an exquisite robe
of Duchesse and Alencon lace, with a
half-wreath of roses in her hair. The
bridesmaids, the Misses Tessie and Net
tie Ankle, nieces of the groom, wore
dainty frocks, of pink chiffon. The
groom was attended by l. E. Foster.
After the service was read members
of both families enjoyed a rare wedding
feast, at which many clever toasts
were proposed. From 8 to 11 o'clock a
reception was held, to which three hun
dred Invitations had been Issued. The
bride and groom left this morning for
an extended trip through the southland.
Another home wedding charming in
appointments was that of Miss Cora
May Kelsey, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Abrahams, and Leonard . Nathaniel
Schwartz, who were wedded' last night
by Judge J. J. Van Nostrand at the
home of the bride's parents, 2711 Sac
ramento street.
The Smalls have but recently come to
San Francisco, where the young ladies
have made many friends among the
younger set.
Late in the afternoon •> the young
people left for a post-nuptial trip, but
the merry making went not with
them, for the evening brought forth
a delightful dance, thus rounding out
a memorable day.
Among the guests were Miss Edna
McClatchy, Miss Eatelle Stephens of
Sacramento, Miss Florence Jones of
Tucson, Miss Beth Hughson, Miss
Emma Small, Miss Barbara Small,
Misses Hazel and Muriel Hubbard,
Henry Tlchner, L. Sexton. Dr. Sum
ner Hardy, George McGuire, Herbert
Bailey, Ashley Faull, Ray Hammer,
Alfred Small and E. Wolfe.
A smart wedding, though a rather
quiet affair, was celebrated yesterday
at high noon, when Miss Elizabeth
Small, the winsome daughter of Hen
ry John Small of the Southern Pa
cific Company, became the bride of
John Henry Small. The service was
read by the Rev. C. L. Miel of Sac
ramento at the home of the bride,
2215 Pacific avenue, the lower floor of
which had been wrought into a bower
of flowers for the glad affair. •
The ceremony was performed in the
drawing-room under a canopy of
myrtle, white tulle and mock orange.
The bride, who is a dainty maid, with
a well bred poise, was charming in a
gown of white chiffon and lace, wear
ing a veil and bearing white roses in
her arms. _She was attended by her
sister, Miss Mary, who wore a pretty
frock of pink liberty silk.
After the ceremony breakfast was
served, to which thirty guests had
been bidden, many of whom had Jour
neyed from Sacramento and else
where.
OAKLAND, June 15. — The new
soldiers' plat at Evergreen Cemetery,
which was recently donated bv the
Cemetery Association -for the burial
of honorably discharged United States
soldiers and sailors, will be dedicated
by Lyon Post, G. A. R.. on Friday.
June 17. The exercises will take
place at 2 v. m. and the address of
the day will be delivered by Senator
George C. Perkins, and Judge F. B.
Ocrden will act as president of the
day.
The United States Government has
provided four brass field pieces and a
number of shells for the adornment
of the plat, and Colonel Hastings has
donated a flag and flagpole.
Following is the programme of the
dedicatory exercises:
Acsembly.call by Comrade C. G. R. Moutoux
of Lyon Po*t No. 8 G. A, R.; Invocation by
Rev. Whliaker, Ttrenty-thlrd-avenue Baptlist
Church: "Star-SpanKl»d_ Banner." Maccabee
band: Introductory addr««s«, Hon F. B. Ojcden.
pre»ld*nt of the day; vocal solo. John G. Gwilt.
S of V.; remarks on behalf of Cemetery As
sociation. Hon. W. Lair Hill, president Ever
green Association; vocal solo. "Tentlngr To-
N'lirht." Miss Susie Gladdlne; dedication ora
tion. Hon. George Perkins. United States Sena,
tor of California; "Hall Columbia." Maccab*e
band: "The Fla*." remarks by Colonel Hast-
InKS, Lyon Post No. 8 G. A. R.: "Red.
and Blue." Maccab«c band: "The Faithful Com
rade." original poem by Dr C. G. R Montoux.
surreon Lyon Post No. C G. A. R.. Ameri
ca" Maccabee band: military Falute. Colonel
Llscom Camp. Spantah War Veterans; taps, by
Comrade C. G. R. Montoux. Lyon Post No. 8.
G. A. Rj
Members or Lyon Post, G. A. R., Will
Hold Exercises nt Evergreen Cem
etery on Banker Hill Day.
VETERANS WILL DEDICATE
NEW SOLDI EKS' PLAT
MISS E. SMALL
BECOMES BRIDE
OF J.H. SMALL
The members -who pledged the
amounts necessary to complete the
building fund were George D. "Gray.
Francis Cutting. George T. Hawley.
George H. Collins. E. H. Vance. C. Z.
Merritt. D. Edward Collins. F. B.
Cook. Dr. R. L. Stratton. R. H. Cham
berlain. H. R. Jones. James A. John
son and. Dr. G. E. Brinkerhoff.
There were several verbal pledges,
and a number of people had promised
to subscribe to the building fund, but
they were out of town and their
pledges could not be secured.
The terms of the contract under
which the subscriptions were made
specify explicitly that pledges for
$150,000 must be in the hands of the
association by midnight on Wednes
day, June 15. The directors and trus
tees of the organization were confront
ed with a deficit of $7100, whioh
would have to be raised by midnight
to-night. After some discussion the
payment of this amount was assumed
by twelve members of the board of
trustees and the directors and the
pledges completing the $150,000 were
then signed.
The condition under which the di
rectors and trustees undertook th»
payment of the deficit was that the
first subscriptions received subse
quent to the action of the two boards
should be applied to the payment of
the $7100.
When all the pledges had been
summed up at the Joint meeting of the
two boards this evening it was found
that the association was still $7H*>
short. Counting the amount pledged
by the Ladies' Auxiliary of the Y. M.
C A. and all other subscriptions the
amount pledged reached a total of
$142,900.
Literally at the eleventh hour to
nights the board of directors and trus
tees of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation raised the remainder of the
fund of $150,000 for the erection of a
new Y. M. C. A. building, and by so
doing bound all the pledges already se
cured, and the erection of the new
building is now assured.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1015 Broadway, June 15.
Prominent Citizens Quickly
Subscribe $7100 and the
Contract Is Then Signed
EXTIIJE YVSD CO3IPLETE
Board of Directors of Oak
land Y. M. C. A; Kaises Bi<?
Sum at the Eleventh Hour
While Congressman Victor H. Met
talf positively refuses to discuss the
question of his entering the Cabinet,
it is generally believed that Mr. Met
<-alf will accept, and that as soon as
Secretary Corelyou of the new De
partment of Commerce and Labor re
tires to assume the control of the next
campaign of President Roosevelt Mr.
Metcalf will be named as his suc
cessor. So certain are the people or
Oakland that Mr. Metcalf will accept
that plans are already being made by
those who want to be his successor in
the lower house.
The facts are that Mr. Metcalf has
been tendered the position, just as has
been stated in the dispatches from
Washington, »nd the facts are that the
ftory of his acceptance will have to
come from Washington as well. But
it is safe to say that when the story
does come from Washington it will
be the story of an acceptance.
Mr Metcalf is strictly regarding the
proprieties and declines to discuss a
matter that U solely in the hands of
the President of the United States.
He says frankly that if anything is
said or done that it must come from
those who are in a position to say
and to do. and those persons are in
Washington.
WILL SAY NOTHING.
'There is nothing that I can say."
is all that Mr. Metcalf would offer to
those who asked of him a statement
about the Washington dispatches.
The tender of the position to Mr.
Metcalf came a few days ago. when it
became known that there would be a
general change in the Cabinet of Pres
ident Roosevelt, made necessary by
the desire of Secretary Moody of the
navy and Postmaster General Payne
to retire, the desire of the President
that Secretary Cortelyou of the De
partment of Commerce and Labor
should manage his campaign and the
flection of Attorney General Knox to
the United States Senate. Since the
first tender came Mr. Metcalf ha* been
Jn consultation with his friends and
there has been much discussion of the
move.
It Is an interesting fact that, if Mr.
Metcalf is elevated to the Cabinet* the
only representatives that California
has ever had In the family of the
President came from the Third Con
gressional District. Joseph McKenna
was appointed by President McKinley
to be Attorney General, and now Mr.
Metcalf, who came from the same
district, is to be Secretary of the De
partment of Commerce and Labor.
WILL MAKE GREAT CHANGE.
The retirement at this time of Mr.
Metcalf will make a great change
upon this side of the bay. There have
been no candidates for Congress
against Mr. Metcalf and it leaves an
open field. There are a number of
residents of Alameda, Contra Co«ta
and Solano counties who would like to
succeed Mr. Metcalf. but who would
not contest with him for the place.
Among them are State Senators
Lukens. Leavitt and Knowland of
Alameda; Belshaw of Contra Costa,
and District Attorney Frank Devlin
and Alden Anderson of Solano. The
retirement of Mr. Metcalf will be sud
den and there will be a scramble for
his ehoes.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 15.
Three fires that broke out in quick
succession in a box car at the Berkeley
station freight sheds kept Policeman
George Thompson busy last night.
There seems to be something behind
it all and the police are on the lookout
for some bold crime that these fires
may conceal. Town Marshal Kerns
and Officer Thompson have concluded
that the fires were started by a person
in league with a brace of burglars,
who hoped to keep the police busy at
something else while they worked.
The first fire started a little after 3
o'clock. It was discovered by C. R.
Hoessli and Charles Fischel, who saw
smoke coming from a car standing on
the track at the station. They called
Ppliceman Thompson and he stamped
it out. An hour afterward another fire
started up and Thompson extinguished
it, too, but he had not been gone ten
minutes before a third fire began. It
gained such headway, however, that
Thompson could not stamp it out and
he called out the fire department, which
soon quertched the flames. The fires
were started in a big pile of paper that
filled the car.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, June 15.
During the trial of the case the truth
came out. An expert employed by Sul
livan's attorneys measured the mate
rial that had been used, and by no pos
sibility could the amount charged
against the premises have been used
there. Then there was evidence to show
that shingles and lumber had been
carted away, and the lumber company
will have to sue the contractor or the
people into whose houses the lumber
went.
The trick of a contractor who sent
lumber to one house and then used it
on another cost the Humboldt Lumbfrf
Company a suit in the courts to-day,
and Judgment was given "in favor of
Jtrre Sullivan of Berkeley, the defend
ant in the case, who objected to pay
ing for material that had gone into the
houses of his neighbors.
"This seems to be a question between
an honest buyer, an honest seller and a
dishonest contractor," said Judge Mel
vin to-day in rendering his decision.
During the trial of the case it was
shown that W. A. Forbes, a contractor,
had ordered material for Sullivan's
house from the Humboldt Lumber
Ccmpany. The lumber was delivered
as ordered, but afterward large quanti
ties of it were amoved and went into
buildings close by. Forbes failed to
settle his bill with the lumber company
and it filed a mechanic's Hen against
Sullivan's house for the unpaid portion
of $231.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 16.
A horse that Robert Grlffen, aged 12
years, was riding this morning in front
of his home at 1614 Oregon street sud
denly reared and threw its rider to the
ground in such a way as to land him
squarely on the top of his head. The
result was a fractured skull and the
youth now lies at the Fablola Hospital,
hovering between life and death.
The injured Jad is a practiced horse
man, but he was off his guard when
the horse took a notion to resent the
urging of his rider. It was all so sud
den that he did not have time to se
cure himself before he was hurled to
the ground with great force. The con
cussion was rendered ali the mere se
vere on account 'of the character of the
road, which is of hard macadam. His
fall was seen by some companions, who
carried him to his home. Dr. Wood
son Allen was summoned and ordered
the lad's removal to Fablola. The boy
is a son of Thomas R. Griffen.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street. June 15.
NEW BUILDING
NOW ASSURED
Flames Break Out in Box
Car and Each Time They
Are Quickly Stamped Out
Declines to Talk, but Will
Undoubtedly Take Secre
tary Cortelyou's Bureau
Humboldt Lumber Company
Loses Suit Through Irreg
ular Action of Patron
Lad Hovers Between Life
and Death at the Fab
ibla Hospital in Oakland
LANDS ON HIS HEAD
WON'T DISCUSS OFFER
MAKES BIG DIFFERENCE
Congressman From Oak
land AVill Probably En
ter the President's Cabinet
SEEK. THE .INCENDIARY
Three Blazes in Rapid
Succession Make Officers
of the Law Suspicious
Contractor A. W. Forbes
Uses Material Ordered
for One House in Others
Sudden Jump of a -Horse
Throws Kobert GrifYeii
and Breaks His Skull
Mrs. Sydney Blanchard Unravels Mystery by Cun
ning Detective Work— Missing Girl's Disap
pearance Due to Desire to Simulate Death
COURT BRANDS
CROOKED DEAL
METCALF WILL
ACCEPT PLACE
YOUTH'S FALL
MAY BE FATAL
LILLIAN E. HEALD'S PRETENSE
OF SUICIDE EXPOSED 6Y SISTER
STRANGE FIRES
PUZZLE POLICE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 1G, 1904.
6
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer u 111 close on August
30, 1904, and all readers of this
paper .who "desire a copy of this
household 'treasure should not
fail to place their order im.
mediately. • k
This, splendid premium wilf
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of 60
cents per copy. Out » of town
orders 25, cents additional to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion charges.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST '
30, 1901.
By Ezra S. Brudno.
XKXT SUNDAY CALL.
The* second Installment of this '
powerful personal narrative
of life among the Jews In'.'
Russia and America.
THE FUGITIVE.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALA31KDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 43'Ji.
OAKLAND.
10"* nroathrar.
Telephone Main I0S3.
BERKKUTT.
BRAXCK OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A RECOMMENDATION
Of our work will be given by any on« ol
the many we have successfully treated.
All are well pleased because all* are well
served. '»*C:
OUR TEETH O3T PLATES
Are the highest achievement of thai
branch of
i
¦/They look well and wear well Perform
all the functions of the natural teetfi
with comfort to the wearer.
Full Set on Rubber. $3.00.
Post-Graduate Dental College,
3 TAYLO2 ST.. SAN T&A1TCX3CO.
973 "Washlagtoa St., Oakland.
San Josq . ¦ • • SacramentoJohn Pryor, who pleaded guilty in
Judge Dunne's court to a charge of at
tempt to commit burglary, was sen
tenced yesterday to serve one year In
the County Jail. He entered the room
of Ross Varnum, 18 Ellis street, on
New Year's morning. He was tried
before a Jury in Department 12, Judge
(Jesford of Napa presiding, but the
Jury (niled to agree, standing eight for
conviction and four for acquittal. The
charge was burglary.
Burglar Is Sentenced.
In a dialect remarkable for its omis-
After Judge Mogan had pronounced
"Dr." W. J. Sylvester guilty of prac
ticing medicine without a license the
defendant's attorney asked that the
minimum fine of Jino be imposed, as
his cliont had altered the signboard of
his oSce on Koarny Ftreet so that it
no longer is likely to mislead the pass
ing seeker of medical aid. its amended
legend being "The Dr. W. J. Sylvester
Company." This plea for leniency was
opposed by the prosecution, which
stated that while the signboard In
question now reads as the defense al
loged. the letters of the word "Com
pany" were so much smaller than those
of the preceding words that they were
comparatively Indistinguishable. The
Judge then deferred sentence till to
-¦day. probably to give the defense time
to effect further amendment of the
signboard.
When the battery cfcarge entered
pcainst former Police Sergeant Reuben
K. Wolf by Edmund E. Coblentz. a
newspaper reporter, was declared
ready for hearing by Judge Fritz the
defendant's attorney demanded a jury
trial and the demand was granted. The
case will be beard to-morrow.
Thus spake Lena Hecht. tall and
corpulent, gazing with expression of
withering contempt at Mark Schleiber,
j»uny of person and shrinking of de
meanor, as the pair stood before the
bench of Mogan. Mark had been ar
rested for threatening to decapitate
l>na because she has abandoned him,
and he had pleaded that his blood
thirsty behavior was provoked by the
woman's refusal to restore certain ar
ticles of his wearing apparel which had
accompanied her when she left him.
"Clothes, paugh! Why, all the
clothes he ever owned at one time I
could carry like that," exclaimed Lena,
crooking a plump arm to illustrate the
meaperness of Mark's wardrobe.
It was after Mark had promised to
return to New Orleans, whence he had
followed Lena to this city, that the
offer to pay his fare was made. So it
was arranged. A policeman accom
panied the pair to see that the woman
lived up to her promise and that the
man did not attempt to sidestep the
first outgoing Sunset Limited.
"Let him go. Judge, and I'll pay his
fare back to .\ew Orleans. I'd do more
than that to get him removed from
xny 6ight forever."
Rafael Far.si, fruit dealer at 747 Mc-
Allister Street, proved possession of a
revengeful spirit and a scant knowl
edge of the art of shooting straight
when he tried to kill Louis Guenasso
early yesterday morning: at Davis and
Washington streets. Standing within
a few feet of his human target, he
fired five bullets from a pistol and
every one of them flew wide of the
mark. He was arrested, booked for
eaempting to murder and Judge Fritz
x\ i!l hew the case to-morrow.
It is the gtory o-f a Grecian vendetta,
liars! does not deny that be shot to
>.:«, but seems to feel regret that his
aim was to faulty. He wanted to
make a corpse of Guenasso In retalia
tion for the brutal treatment to which
Guer-aBEo had subjected his (Barsl's)
eged sire about eighteen months ago.
On that occasion, Barsi junior says.
Guenasso terminated an argument with
the old gentleman by breaking one of
his legs in two places. The assailant
•was arrested, but the punishment
xneted out to him by the court waa In
adequate to satisfy the outraged feel
ings of the victim's son. He bided his
time, however, until he met Guenasso
at 6 o'clock yesterday morning. Then,
co longer able to restrain himself, he
unllmbered his revolver and emptied
its chambers, with the result stated.
Guenasso is a porter In the employ
cf J. Levi, commission merchant, 200
Washington street.
Franklin Benjamin, aged 19 years,
and Jacobin! L. Andersen, three years
his junior, were married by Judge Mo
gan at the residence of the bride's
parents, 223 Locust . avenue. Among
those present were Bailiff Mabony and
Attorney Frank Burke. At the conclu
sion of the ceremony the bridegroom
was permanently released from the
bailiff's custody, and then the bride in
troduced him to his week-old son.
Fourteen-year-old Isaac Blackman
has been sent to the juvenile court to
answer five charges of burglary, and
his father, Morris Blackman, accused
of having stolen poods in his posses
sion, and 17-year-old Thomas , Nee,
charg-ed with burglary, will be ar
raigned In Judge Mogan's court to
morrow. Blackman senior and the two
boys accompanied a peddler's wagon
through the streets of the Western Ad
dition, and the police say that the ped
dling 'was merely a blind to enable the
trio to obtain admittance to dwellings
and steal. Much miscellaneous prop
erty which has been identified by per
sons from whom it was stolen was
found in Blackman's house.
Ella Bishop, a comely young woman,
denied Patrolman W. F. Kruger's
charge that she was a vagrant when
he found her loitering on Fourth street
at 1 o'clock yesterday morning. She
said she was a working girl and could
bring witnesses from Stockton to prove
that the policeman had blundered when
he deprived her of personal freedom.
•Judge Fritz has given her until to-day
to make good her claim.
There are four distinct charges of
burglary against Fred Moller, the com
plainants being John M. Reynolds of
1213 Liiguna street. D. Bernstein of 17CS
Sutter street. Mary Golden of 2355. Pine
street and Mrs. C. J. McCollum of 615
Hayes street. "I guess I'm up against
it," said Mr. .Moller when the accusa
tions were read to him in Judgo Mo
gan's court, and then he considerately
offered to waive preliminary examina
tion and take his sentence from the
upper court. He will be formally sent
there next Saturday.
"Gimme a hamburger sandwich, an'
make it rare," said James E. Watkins
(colored) to an itinerant caterer at
Fourth and Market streets. When the
sandwich was presented to Mr. Wat
kins he found that it had been cooked
almost to a crisp, and then he disturbed
the peace and was arrested. Judge
Fritz dismissed the complaint, opining
that as the defendant was prepared to
pay for the sandwich he had a right to
insist on having It fried so as to com
ply with his instruction to the chef.
"One colored man wearing a baby
blue sweater" was how the bench war
rant read that Judge Mogan Issued for
the arrest of James Jackson, who failed
to appear and answer a charge of bi
cycle stealing.
Kate Leddy, an aged woman who
broke windows on Howard street, near
Sixth, has been adjudged insane by the
Lunacy Commissioners and will be sent
to the Stockton aylum. She has a ma
nia for smashing glass.
. •
Xg Sam, who stole an opium pipe
from a compatriot, was sentenced to
six months' imprisonment by Judge
Fritz.
Judge Cabaniss is working overtime
to have his calendar cleared ere he
starts to-morrow for a vacation rest in
the Sierras. Among the cases disposed
of by him yesterday was that of S. C.
W'etzel, the piano virtuoso, who robbed
the guests of the Hotel Richelieu. He
is held to the Superior Court in $4000
bonds. Noah Warwick, a soldier, who
tried to cut a comrade's throat, is held
in $1000.
It looks like the maximum penalty
for "Kid" Nash when he is sentenced
next Saturday on two convictions of
peace disturbance and one of va
grancy. Several weeks ago he was ar
rested and booked for disturbing the
peace and vagrancy on complain of
Hose Decker, whom he had threatened
to kill because she had transferred her
affections to a rival, and when the cast*
was heard Judge Mogan discharged
him on condition that he immediately
depart for Chicago. A few nights aft
erward he was caught concealed in an
apartment-house and booked for bur
glary, but the charge was reduced to
peace disturbance after he had proved"
that the object of his nocturnal visit to
the place was to call upon a young
woman. For breaking the promise to
the court that secured his release he is
likely to get as long a period of im
prisonment as the statutes prescribe
for his recorded offenses.
A homily on feminine curiosity was
addressed by Judge Mogan to three
youn# women employes of the People's
Laundry who spent the morning among
the spectators on the benches. The
fair trio had appeared a few days pre
viously as witnesses in the case of
Charles W. Elchelberg, charged with
disturbing the peace, and they were
then told that It would not be neces
sary for them to return. But return
they did. and when his Honor was no
tified of their presence he said things
that they did not seem to relish. He In
cidentally alluded to the saline fate of
Lot's wife, and also cited the, trouble
which Mrs. Fatlma Bluebeard had
brought upon herself by indulging the
penchant for prying which, he opined,
is a lamentable weakness of an other
wise admirable sex. Ere the lecture
•was concluded the laundresses three
had retired to the corridor, where
Bailiff Hickey found them and again
declared, with due emphasis, that the
remainder of the Eichelberg case can
be disposed of without their aid.
In language equally picturesque Sig
nor Frediani contradicted et*.»ry word
of the accusation. Judge Mogan has
both statements under advisement.
.- • - • •
"I passa da store." said Slgnor Ra
coni, "da box o' beer bots' on ma
shoul'. He coma out an' taka da bot'
from da box an' smasha ma skull.
Smasha da bot', too. I no griva da
provoke. He hitta me one, two, da
treea time."
sion of final syllables from lone words
and its addition of the vowel "a" to
short ones, A. Raconi told of how he
had been hammered on the head with
a beer bottle in the hand of Joseph
Frediani, fruit dealer at Twentieth and
Florida streets, on the evening of May
2t> last.
In Revenge for a. Brutal Attack on His Aged Sire
Eighteen Months Ago, Rafael Barsi Empties a
Revolver at Louis Guenasso, but Misses. Mark
STORY OF A GRECIAN VENDETTA
UNFOLDED BEFORE JUDGE FRITZ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 1904.
7
Tuscan
Mineral Springs.
OPEN EVERT SAT Z2T TKS TSAS.
TO WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: A year aad
thre* months a*o I was attacked with that
terrible disease, locomotor ataxla. Power t»
balance, stand, or even sit down, entirely lost.
Two best doctors of Ban Francisco and ' Hot
Springs, Ark., failed to help me. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work. I had
catarrh of stomach head and bladder as a rt-
lult of the dlseas«; thes» troubles becats*
chronic. At times my heart would beat Ilka a
drum, my eyes grew w«ak. my memory bad.
my nerves wracked. Thre© months ago I went
to Tuscan Springs. What happened since was
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank the water*,
took the baths — after thre* weeks' J treatment
stomach, bowels, bladder and kidneys in per-
fect condition, «yeatg!lt perfect, nervousness)
I rone, memory good. After three months' treat -
j ment. walked without a cane, with eyes closed
[ and up and down steep hills; am currd of this
dread disease, now walk wtth slight limp.
State of California: am well known In down-
town districts of San Francisco: Inquiry ther«
will prove. .truth of my helpless condition threw
months 'ago. x Further Information, address
IXJU1S JACOBS. 6 Stockton it.. San Francisco.
Cal.
We hava hundreds of testimonials from
others. Send 60c In stamps for bottle of
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round- trip ticket*
at reduced rates. Southern Pacific
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP..
Tuscan, Cal.
VACATION 1904
IS HOW READY FOR DISTRIBUTION
"VACATION" is issued an-
nually by the
California Northwestern R'y
THE PICTCKE3QU2 ROUTE 07 CALITOIINIA.
and Is the standard publication .
on the Pacific Coast for Informa-
tion regarding
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS,
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN. AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
This year's edition. "Vacation
1304." contains over 150 pages,
beautifully illustrated, and Is
complete in its detailed Informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc., with
terms from $7.00 per week up.-
To be had at Ticket Offices. €50 Market
Street (Chronicle Building), and Tlburon Ferry,
foot of Market Street: General Office. Mutual
Life Building, corner of Sansome and California
Streets. San Francisco; In Oakland at VVJ
Broadway. '
Applications by Mall will Beceivo Im-
mediate Eesponst.
JAS T* FRAZIER. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Genl Passr Agent.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear I.ak». Hunting, flshinjr.
boating, launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser In bathhouse. ' club-
house, etc.. Increased accommodations, modern
conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed Table *
specialty. Rates per week. $10 to $13. Photon
and Information at Chatfleld & Vlnzent's. 229
Montgomery st. or I.EE D. CRAIG. Manager.
Soda Bay, Kelseyvllls P. O.. Lake Co.. CaX
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages dlrtct to th»
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line in the State. Leaves Calls-
toga daily (Sundays ezcepted) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin. Selgler. Adams. Howard; An-
derson. Hobergs. Spiers. Astorgs and Glen-
brook: half hour for lunch at Callstoga: also to
Middletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvlll* and
Lakeport. Livery In connection.
WM. SPIERS. Proprlttor.
LA HONDA AND PESCADERO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; 9
a. m. tratn. 3d and Townsend. and 9:20 a. m.
train from San Jose connect with stages direct.
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood Cltj.
Cal. - - -
AKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hooland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at HoDland. Leave Hopland at 13:30;
arrive at Lakeoort at 3:30: arrive at Bartlet:
Springs at 7:30. New 6- horse 14-passenger
tourist wagons, with alt the. most modern 1m*
rrovemonts. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
l'tt Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Sprtnjt,
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at of fie*
of California N. W. Ry., 620 Market St.. o»
: at Tlburon ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Props.
WHITE STTLFHTJR SPBI2TGS, Valla jo,
Cal.— Moat a>-cesslbl<« springs to San FraneUco;
round trio $1. no stage fare; only 2V4 hours"
rtde; 5 miles from Vallejo: hot. cold and
plunge sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and
etomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak»
for boating and .bathing. t>anolng pavilion.
New bowling alley and shuffle board. Rates.
$10 a week.' Including baths. Address MAX-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal. .
LIKSNEB'S PASS. GneraeviUa.
A resort for your family. Partly furnished
eottagesw $12 per month and up. Tents aaj
platforms. Near Russian River. Board aad
room at $7 SO per week. 3e» PECK'S. 11
Montgomery at.
/yiOUNTAIIT VIEW RANCH HOTEL
1 "an", cottages. In the mountains, near Santa
Cruz. First-class table and accom.. gas. bathj.
phone, dally mall, bowling, croquet, amuse-
ments: t*rms. $9 up. Campers to fllenwood. Inc.
carrliw. $3 75 round trip. FRF.DERICKSEN*
& S17TTON. suc's to F. R. DUNN. Santa Crua.
OCCXDE2TTAI. HOTEL, BATWASSS,
First- class resort; tennis, croquet, bowling,
amusement hall. etc. Special rates to families
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDAIID. Prop., phoa*
Black m.
REDWOOD VILLA RESORT.
Excellent beard, home cooking; tent ground.
If desired, with board. $5. Room, and board i-i
ro *10. Best huntlr.g and fishing. MRS. A. L.
ACKERMAN. La Honda. San Mateo County.
WILLOW* RANCH, delightfully located In
redwoods 5 miles from Santa Crut Spring
water fruit, milk, excellent table: dally mail:
free conveyance: $7 week; phone Suburban 87.
MRS. W. CRANDELL. Santa Cru». CaL
SCHAEZ-ES'S GROVE— ROSS VALLEY.
Private boarding; terms reasonable.- Team
meets Sunday morning trains. Addreu MR^.
MATT LINDSAY". Ross Station.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and COTTAGE3
Xe.ir beach- 30 acre* beautiful grounds; *v-
elal rates to famines: write for booklet. F.
BARSON. Proprietor. Santa Crua.
BELLE VUE HOTEL. SI Verano. So-
noma Co.. Cal Terrvs »1 day and up; ho:
mineral springs near by. Long distance tele-
phone; daily mall. JOHN SERRES. Proprietor
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa Cru» Mountains;
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
camping. A. J. GIBBS, M*r.. Glbb*. Cal.
GRAND OPENING
and Dedication of the Exten-
sive Beach Improvements at
- "New
Santq Cruz
Saturday Ev'ng, June 1 1
Grand Fireworks Display by California
Fireworks Co. Brilliant Electrical Illu-
minations of Pacific Ave. and ' Esplanade.
Neptune Casino, Plunge. Baths and Pleas-
ure Pier. Third Artillery Band. U. S. A..
Concert and Ball.
Special Excursions via S. P. Ry
CAZADERO
The Gem of AU northern Retreats.
Grove, Forest. Glade and Dell.
Crest, Canyon, Hill and Dale.
Knoll, Knob, Peak and Mountain.
The home of the trout and the baunt of th»
oeer. Reached over the North Khora Ry.. via
Sausallto Ferry.
A year ego I leased this resort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I have the pleasure to
tell you that, owing to last ceason'a big and
unprecedented partonage. 1 have purchased this
magnificent domain of over 1200 acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop-
erties, insuring the best of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building contalnfng a bowling alley has
been added, also a new tennis court, and boat-
Ing and bathing on the river, all free to gueats.
Free camping grounds in the Cazadero giant
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rules must be complied with.
Lots, one-quarter acre, for sale, from $100
up. and cottages built to suit at city figure*.
Take Sausalito Ferry via North Shore Rail-
road. Round trip good for six months, $3 73.
Round trip, Friday till Monday. $3; no stag-
ing; depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages, J2 per dayr (10 to J14 per week; special
rate by the month.
•For particulars other than herein given write
J. J. THIRION. owrer and manager. Hotel del
Cazadero. Sonoma Co.. Cal. or North Shor*
R. R. office. 62tt Market St.. San Francisco.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Every one knows that Adams water cures
stomach, ilver and kidney diseases.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write to W. R PRA-
THER. .
nil ft fl II IIot s P<*t n Ss: on line South-
1 V I I HI ern Pacific: 2tt hours from
K I K I I IH an , Franclsc °- 3 train,
IE I IB 81 I ¦ dallr : luxurious mineral
U I HUM and mud baths; hotel
- ( • unique In cuisine service
and appointments. Information at S. p. Co.
Bureau, C13 Market st.. Peck's Bureau. 11
Montgomery st..- or H. R. WARNER, i Byron
Hot Springs. Cal
LYTTON SPRINQ5
New management; no staging: depot on
grounds: phone: fare |2 40; Tlburon ferry:
rates $10 to $15 week: table first clam: our
own dairy; hot mineral baths; swimming tank;
livery; billiards: croquet. Booklet Peek"s Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery St.. or BARKER &
ROSS. Lytton Springs. Sonoma County, Cal.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AMD
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving S. F.
at 8:05 p. m. Returning, connects at Truckee
with train reaching S. P. at 7:50 a. m.
TAHOE TAVERN — Situated ' on the
shores of Lake Tahoe, the largest and most
beautiful body of water in the world at this
elevation. Is now op?n for the accommodation
of guests. The tavern will be conducted thta
season by Mr. F. W. Richardson, manager of
California's famous mla*!on hotel. The Glen-
wood, Riverside, which Is sufficient guarantee
that It will be strictly flnit class. The table
will be supplied with all delicacies of the sea-
son, while fishermen will be constantly em-
ployed to furnish lake trout. For rates address
F. W*. RICHARDSON.
THE TALLAC $i£5 E
Now open. The Summer Resort of America.
European plan only. Cafe first class. Prices rea-
sonable. Resident physician. No consumptives.
Pamphlets at S. P. office, 613 Market street.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO., Tallac. Cal.
B R O C K W A Y
Lake Tahoe. "*
OPENS JUNE 1st:
, Write FRANK B. ALVERSON. Mgr..
Brcckway. Cal.
BUBXCOar PASS— A delightful resort
oi shores of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy . beach
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly fishing and
hunting In season. ' Boats, fishing tackle and
horses at moderate hire. Rates $2 a day or
from $li> to $16 jx>r we?k. P. O. and telephone.
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cal.
"THE GROVE."
Leke Tahoe. half a mile east of Tallac. ca
lakj ebore: rates $2.00 a day; $10.00 a week;
meals 50c. Good saddle horses and the best
of livery. Boata free to all gursts. J. E.
PARMKTEE, proprietor. Tallac. Cal.
LAKE 5XXORE HOUSE — Glenbrook.
Nev. Cottages to rent $5 up. Ist-class board, milk
and cream, fresh vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
I)FFP PAPy INN and cottages; 6 miles from
1/CCK I AMK IHll Lake Tahoe; open June 1;
elevation €507 feet; mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office. 30 Montgomery st.
J. B. SCOTT. Dees Park. Cal.
WHITNEY HOUSE,
Truckee. Cal-. The leading hotel. Headquar-
ters for tourists and commercial men. Summer
and winter resort. Mval station for p.-\»s-n-
gers. Stage for Lakes Independence and Web-
ber, Cainnb'Il Hot Springs and SlerravlUa.
BTEWART McKAY. proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect: "16 miles from Truckee. in an unbroken
forest. For Information inquire at Traveler'
office. 30 Montgomery st.,' Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. demons,. Truckee. Cal.
I
1 KUVI\CD COUNTRY C1TTB.
. SUMMER RESORT. SPORTSMEN'S LODGK
Fourth season. Sierra attractions. California's
largest rainbow hatchery. Finest fishing G
H. FOULKS. Verdi. Nev.. or Nevada block."
San Francisco.
CAMPBELL HOT SPRINGS.
In Sltrra Nevada Mountains. Sierra County
5000 feet elevation. Are beautifully ' located
at the head of the great Sierra Valley, 30
miies long by 5 miles wide, surrounding which
Is the great primeval forest of pine and fir A
specialty is made of the table. The hot springs
are unequaled for the oure of rheumatism
gout, liver and kidney complaints and all blood
and skin diseases. Rates for room and board
$11 to fll! per week. Round trip from San
Francisco to springs via Boca, $14 50. Stage
daily except Sunday, connecting with 6 p. m.
train from Sun Francisco, '
THERE IS ONLY ONE
BAKTLETT
SPRING.
To gay a water Is as good as Bart-
, lett is to acknowledge the superior-
ity of Bartlett water.
If you would enjoy the fall benefit
of the water, go to Bartlett and drink
at the fountain head; breathe the
pure mountain air. ride, drive, dance,
swim, bathe in the soda-magnesia
water, patronize the boiling alley
and shuffle-board, play croquet, tennis
and ping pong. Listen to the music
and enjoy yourself playing cards on
. the shady porch in the afternoons,
! and you will go home renewed In
| strength and happiness. " '
; Send for booklet, and write J. E. Mc-
I MAHAN. Manager, Bartlett Springs,
Cal., or call at city office, 2 Sutter st,
San Francisco.
Pack up your old clothes
and go to...
AETNA SPRINGS.
Laze around all you please
in the drowsy sunshine.
But there's life there, too,
if you want it. Just
send for booklet. Aetna
, Springs Co., Napa Co.,
' Cal.
Santa Gatalina Island
2\b Hours From Los Angeles. Season 1004.
Our Famous Marine Band,
Hunting mountain goat, sailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and the finest fishing on the
, coast.
I Camp Life a Special Feature.
.' Hundreds oC furnished tents at reason-
| able rates.
Hotel Metropole.
Modern !n all particulars. '
For further information address
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU. 11
Montgomery st.. or BANNING CO., 222 S.
| Spring ft., Los Angelas. ¦:%;;,
DR. O. O, OT3ON"1>TE:IjI_i'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnta and pleasure re-
; sort on the coast. The greatest remedy for
i lung disease, liver and siomach complaints.
1 rheumatism ami catarrh in the world; 46
| mile? from P. F. The S. P. R. R. and 8. F.
I A- N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
:{0 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor prison oak at the park; mineral
| water. Iwiats, bathing and fishing free. Meats
I served at Hotel Riverside at reasonable rates.
j Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. olflce
j 1021V Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh, .San
Francisco.
s=3E2,i^jii-^i=/rx: springs
Have many wonderful facilities for health and
pleasure. Our famous hot baths and stomach
wi-.ters are a positive cure for Rheumatism,
j Malaria. Itladder. Liver. Kidney & all Stomach
j Trcubles. Arsenic Reauty ISaths. Swimming
Pond, Orchestra. Dairy, Klectrlc Lights. Rates
¦ $1'J to $12 per wpek. Baths & amusements free
I Booklet Peck's, 11 Montgomery, and S. P. Co."
! «;i:t Market St.. or H. H. McGOWAN, Seigler!
] l^ke County.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America.
THE ROT5SON ORCHESTRA COMPANY""
and DR. MONROE -CALLKNDKR will furnish
i the best music ever played at any resort In
; th» State. Iioatlng. swimming, marine tobog-
i can. mineral springs, new livery. EDGAR
; l)Un.\AX, own«-r and proprietor. Laurel Dell
I P. O.. Lake County, Cal. •
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Saata Crua Mountains.
Now cpen. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau
t 11 Montgomery, or S. P. Cc. HIS Market. B.
[ DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. Cal. .\>. .
IN. 8. R. R. TOCALOMfl lUrln Cj.
Bertrand Hotel; Ilr&t-class accommodations,
' special rates for families and cartles; tlshlng,
hunting, boating, bathing; beautiful drives tu
i Bear Valley: telephone. JOSEPH F. I3ER-
j TRAND, or Bulletin Office, every Thursday, 2
i to 4 ¦ d. m. .
i . ===
j TOLICE ARE SEARCHING
FOR FOOTPAD'S COMPANION
Gurt Burnell Now Says He. Was Alone
in the Ilold-Up of the Eddy- v
, Street Electric Car.
Three detectives 'are searching the
' city for the companion of Gurt Bur-
nell, the footpad who held up an
, Eddy-street car at Gough street :ihout
9 o'clock Tuesday night and took
i $16 50 from J. Campbell, the conduc-
: tor. The task is a difficult one, as they
have been unable to find any one who
I can give an accurate description of the
man.
Burnell declares now that he was
alone in the job. When taxed with
the statement he made after his arrest
by Policeman T. F. Wren, to the effect
that he was instigated to commit the
\ crime by another man, he says he
was drunk and irresponsible. Police-
man Wren saw the two men together,
and if it had not been for the fact
that a child got In the line of fire he
would have turned his revolver loose
on the man.
Burnell 'says he came here on Mon-
day from Reno, Nev., where he had
been working in a tunnel, and his cal-
loused hands are in evidence.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL subscribers contemplating- a
chanrs of residence daring the summer
months can have their paper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notify-
ing- THE CALL Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
ranorts and is represented by a local
agent in all towns on the coast.
RENO, Nev.. June 15.— The body, of F. ,W.
Tinsman of Chicago, one of the victims of
the river tragedy at ; L&ughtona Springs a.
month aro. wag found Imbedded Jn the Band
Ly an Indian near this . place to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
People have no idea how
crude and cruel soap can be.
It takes off dirt. So far,
so good; but what else does
it do.
It cuts the skin and frets
the under-skin; makes red-
ness and roughness and
leads to worse. Not soap,
but the alkali in it
Pears' Soap has no free, al-
kali in it. It neither reddens
nor roughens the skin. It re-
sponds to water instantly; wash-
es and rinses off in a twinkling; is
as gentle as strong; and the
after-effect is every way good.
Established over io» years
VACATION DAYS
Are at hand, and If you're going near
or far vou'll find that your linen will
last longer, look bcttPr and be more
comfortable if it is done at our laun-
dry.
Drop us a card or phone us and we
Tvi!l quickly tell you why.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
,1004 MARKET STREET.
Telephone South 420.
THE GEYSERS
The Most Pamou« Health and Pleasure
Beaort In California.
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged the
best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and llimmam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating hunting, fishing,
dancing, shulfle-board. .billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES hare been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully. equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable in connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity. .
The hotel will be supplied wtth the best the
market affords. Rates. $10. $12 $14 and $16
per week. For further particulars and booklet
wrlta R. H. CURRY, Prop. The Geysers,
Sonoma County, California.
AgfuaCaliente
Springs ,
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beauUful and romantic spot; 'open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 113 degrees; no
staging; fare $1 10: sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Spring*; tub and plunge
baths nnd the largest mineral water swimming
tank In the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates f2 per day, $12 to $14 per week.
Sptclal rates to families and half ratee to chil-
dren. Inquire at Perk's,- 11 Montgomery St.,
or address THEO. RICHARDS.. Agua Callente
Springs. Sonoma County. California. .
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room: can seat 400 guests.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SURF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO; ! FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
Oi/ A /*A»O 1I0T SPRINGS, SONOMA
UtinUUU COUNT Y: only 4% hours
from San Francisco and
"¦"¦"""""""¦"¦^ but 9 miles' staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State; boating and
cAlmtrUng In Warm Spring. Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
.round trip from 8a n Francisco only $5 50. Take
Tlburon ferry daily at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p ' m.
Rates $2 a day. or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine years. Patronage of
1903 unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau. II Montgomery «t.. or of
J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs, Cal.
MARK WEST
"££?" T SPRIN63
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
will manage the springs; many Improvements:
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day; $10 and $12 week. Office. 833 Larkln
Ft., cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs Santa
Rosa. Rural No. 6.
1 CAMP CURRY j
i Get circulars at all railroad offices.
1 %¦ - Advertised by 4000 guests.
j YOSEMITE
B3L.TJ-EJ
Ideal, summer, resort; hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Mii'ic every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAN. Midlake P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal..
or call on Dr. Happersberger, 1104 Market, S. f!
LAKES
Hotel EL MRMELO
Pacific Grove, California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside v.-ith home comforts.
The Dlace to spen-1 your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board $2 50 a, day upward, cheaper than
dtaying home. Send for illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDY, Manager.
Own Slimmer HoiK isSssbcs! CampMee^er
Pure water, equable climate, lot* selling $10
up; 'cottages built by Meeker, $50 up; depot;
stores; restaurant: -howl; post and express:
teiephone; sawmill: !KK> lots sold; 300 cottages
built. Sausallto ferry. N.'.S. R. R. M. C.
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County. '
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a bp-pltal: beat equipped on Coast; mod-
ern Improvements;, large treatment rooms;"
Ideal location; 6*5 acres; oce block from street
cars: write for literature. San Jose. Cal.
VICHY SPR1NCS
Three miles from Uklah, Mendocino County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths.
Lovely .grounds; fishing and/hunting; crystal
spring; accommodations and table first class
J. A. REDEMEYER. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 15. Two miles from' Hopland.
Fine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel..
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week.
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health and pleasure
resort Is now' open for the patronage of the
public. Address JOHN JACOBS. '
Tuxedo hotel.
Extensively . since last season.
Opened April 1. THOS. L. BELL. Mgr.. Felton.'
Cal.. Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
foot of Market street. 'Round trip, $3.00.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Open June 1," new hotel; large dining-room,
telephone, hunting, fishing, swimming, bowl-
ing, dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau;
30 Montgomery st. DR. W. A. McCORNACK,
proprietor." ' • ¦ ' '. - '
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
Under new. management. Up to date. Beau-
tiful grounds. Running stream and pond with
cood fishing. Playgrounds for children. Free
carriage meets all trains, t J.' D. CELJLA, Mgr.
Highland
Springs
Kr* Mor« Distinctive Points Tnat Ap-
peal to Those Doing to the Country
Than Any Other Besort.
THE VARIETY AND EXCELLENCE
OP THE BATHS AND MINERAL.
WATERS; the many amusements —
dancing:, swimming:, tennis, bowling, cro-
quet, fifouffleboard, etc.; a fine three-piece
orchestra; the shady grounds; electric
lights; good table; plastered rooms*;
dairy: livery stable, etc.. prove this.
Terms, $10.00 up.
For booklet and rates address
H. R. DUFFIN, 638 Market St.,
\ °- CRAIG & KERR,
• Highland Spring*, Lake Co., Cal.
I Spend Your Vacation
f ° r $2O at
San Luis ,
Hot Sulphur
Springs San Ln c 1 a ! 0bl5P0
. The most Ideal resort for pleasure and
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. San Luis
Obispo, Cal., and return, including stage
' to and from sprints and one week's'
board for • $20.00 to 922.OO, according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations 99.OO to 912.041 per week.
Scenic surroundings, free bathing,
boating and fishing on grounds. Pine
phady walks, tennis an<i croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for guests. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table Is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Obispo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or sanatorium.
* Situated In Vendome Park of 12
acreB, a charming summer resort;
both city and country advantages;.
¦ i • i automobile garage on the grounds
free, to guests. Bathing pavilion,
bowling alleys, tennis, etc. New au-
to road map of the county mailed on
application.
f; J.~ T. BROOKS. Manager.
PARAISO SPEINGS
Monterey County, Cal. •
The man popular sanitary and health
resort In California. Completely renovated
and Improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur baths, large
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to F. W.
PCHUOEDER, Manager, or PECK'S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU, 11 Montgomery st.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BY THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Cruz County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Opened May 15 under entirely new man-
agement. Round trip trlckets from 'San Fran-
cisco $•'«. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery St.. S. F.. or to WILLIAM O.
DODGE, Letaee.
Harbin Springs
i. ilest desirable In Lake Co.; contains sulphur.
Iron, magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, Ilver and stomach
troubles; new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court. and billiard-room. Acetylene gas
plant, livery, homodaliy, nne vegetable garden.
Rcund trip ticket*. S. P. office. $7. J. A.
HAYS, Proprietor.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under • canvas on the Russian River
belGW Guernevllle In a grove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 4t>new
boats; wl'.l build a dam in the river; 4 miles
of -smooth water for boating and bathing.
Adults $2 per, day. $10 per week; children
under 10 half rates. ' Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1. Addrem MHS. L. C. CNO-
PIU8, ' Camo Vacation," "Vacation" P. O.. So-'
, norria County. Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS^
Beswlck, Slslclyou County, . California.
Writ* to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.. or at it i
MARTENS, .Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal. • .
'¦•¦' '"'¦'" '¦¦'"-' Menlo Park, one hour from
liniTTJ O cltv - Nine trains dally. Pfr-
HII1 I ,\ fec t climate; beautiful place;
II U I I I W comfort and quiet; excellent
' table.
Addrer»W..I.MEUEDITH. Mgr.. iloltt'a SchooK
SOLID COMFORT HOME. -
Extensively improved: 1900 feet altitude; no
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot. cold baths: sprlnfc water: cement
swimming tank, 40xS0. Rates $3 week up; stage
meets train. Schuler & Scheben, Napa, Cal.
.JOHANNISBERG.
New hotel; 'modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, .fishing, swimming, boat-
lr.g; $10 and |12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURO JR.. Prop.. Oakville. Napa Co. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
|p£pi|||Jj TENTS
Irg5Jk_VL>ijGl*j Awning's, Hammocks,
BMffiXkS253w3j Basra
wniiiiiiiEiirri w. a. plummeb.
Tel. Main 54i>. Ill Clay st.
RUDfXHElM Delightfully situated In the
DEKUJllLiitl Santa Cruz Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $8 per week. For particulars address G
F. BIEDENWEO. R. 1). 121. Santa Cruz*' Cal.A member of the French Academy
of Science is said to be enjoying sea
breezes In his Paris home by manufac
turing a> liquid which he diffuses
through the air of his apartment. The
recipe for the compound Is given as
follows: In ten volumes of oxygen
ated water containing* a hundredth
oart of ether charged- with ozone he
Sea Breezes on Tap.
John Alexander -Dowie is moving his restless, un
happy and unwelcome way across the earth back to his
American followers. London hotels refused him a
lodging recently and he was forced to a- disagreeable
makeshift." It is at least consoling to know that our
tolerance of impostors: serves as a., warning to our
friends, even if it records no lesson for us.
A street sweeper of this, city received a 'medal the
other, day for ..bravery displayed in saving the life of a
child. This man certainly possesses traits little in keep*
ing with his lowly condition in life. Municipal energy
that could give him a position in harmony with his char
acter would be worthy of applause. It is not difficult to
cpneeive of . some, medals as. m.ockeric.3, ...... ...
AS a matter of course all addresses delivered", at
Mohonk conference on international arbitra
tion were infused by a cheerful and almost a
glowing optimism. That fact to a large extent weakens
their value when judged from the standpoint of reason.
It does hot. however, destroy their value . altogether.
Some of them were made by men. of •suchiwell balanced
minds that no optimism could betray them into a blind
enthusiasm for any cause whatever, and . as a conse
quence will be found encouraging even to those friends
of international peace who are least sanguine of seeing
it realized in any measurable time.
The address of Judge George Gray, for example, was
by no means that of a mere dreamer "of dreams. In the
course of his busy life he has had a long and varied ex
perience in dealing with large international issues. In
addition to his service as United States Senator from
Delaware, he served as a member of tnc Peace Commis
sion in Paris in 1898, was a member of the Joint^High
Commission at Quebec- in- the ~same year and in'iooo
was appointed one of the four American representatives
in the International Court of Arbitration at > the Hague.
When a man of that character and standing, speaks oji
Chicago attempted recently to raise by subscription
fifty thousand dollars with which to hold a "sane" cele
bration of Independence day. The project was a flat
failure, as might have been expected. The American
small boy, whether in Chicago or anywhere elsej will
insist upon being vigorously insane on July 4. and his
elders reserve the privilege to encourage him with every
means at their command. $ r £
INSANE PATIENTS— J., City, The
following from the Political Code of
California is the law on the subject
of committing insane patients to any
of the asylums:"
2175. The coat necessarily Incurred In de
termining the Insanity oJ a poor ¦ or indtvtnt
Person and securing his admission into a Stata
hospital and the exprnst of providing proper
clothing for him in accordance with the rules
and refutations adopted by the commission is
a charge* upon the county or city and county
wEenc*. he Is committed. Such costs Include
the fees of the medical examiners allowed by
the Judge ordering the commitment. If th»
person sought to be committed Is not a poor
or indigent person the costs of the proceed
ings are a charge upon his estate, or must b«
paid by persons legally liable -for his main
tenance, unless otherwise ordered by the Judge.
It the alleged Insane petson Is adjudsod not
to tm Insane tha Judge may. In his discretion,
charge the costs of the proceedings to the per
son making the application for an ordar of
commitment, and Judgment may b« entered
against him for the amount thereof and en
forced by execution.
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
.Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public m«n by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1042.* •
INTERNATIONAL .ARBITRATION.
Attention Is called to the fact by the
Washington Post that next month (July.
20) ' the prohibition imposed by The
Hague conference upon the discharge
of aerial torpedoes from balloons or
flying machines will expire by limita
tion. It was with the greatest difficulty
that the powers represented at The
Hague conference, through their mili
tary delegates, managed to reach an
agreement upon rules governing war,
and this particular section was bitterly
fought over, although It is one of the
few which the United States Govern
ment accepted without reservation.
At the end of July a new field' -will
thus be open to the Inventor of flying
PTiachlnes and dirigible balloons, which
may now enter the field of warfare
without violation of the rules of war.
Restriction Removed.
A series of- Federal army scandals, involving a smash
ing of the moral code, statutory and otherwise., from
levity of conduct to suicide and worse is evidence in
disputable that Uncle Sam's soldiers that are stationed
in Sari Francisco and its neighborhood do not confine,
their strenuous activities to the trade of fighting. These^
gallant men of Mars should not forget the means that
brought SaniSjOn io his end.'
THE BOERS — Subscriber, City. Tha
Boers in the South African republic
were agricultural people prior to the
Boer-British war. The year* before
that war there were In the republic
about 12,245 farms, of which 3636
belonged t» the Government, 1612 to
outside owners and companies and the
rest to resident owners and companies.
It was estimated that there were about
50.000 acres of land under cultivation.
The agricultural produce was, how
ever, not sufficient for the wants of the
population.
Several people that cannot plead ignorance of the
city and its ways have -found it convenient to sleep in
the ferry building and have awakened to' the discovery
that they were robbed. They should be arrested and
prosecuted for contributory negligence in the commis
sion of acts that have a tendency to injure the fair fame
of the town. Any one that will sleep in a public place
should be able to accept the consequences with com
posure.
With a flourish of trumpets and much official ado the
police raided a Chinese gambling house recently and
carted gamblers and paraphernalia off to jail. This is
an excellent beginning in the worvhy work of reform.
If somebody will how point out to the police a few of
the gambling- dens operated in contemptuous publicity
by white men in this city we may all have a chance to
congratulate the police on well directed activity.
EMPEROR NORTON — Subscriber.
City. Joshua A. Norton, who was one
of the characters of San Francisco of
the early days, generally known as
Emperor Norton, died of apoplexy at
the corner of California and Dupont
streets January 10, 1880. He was a
native of England, about 65 years of
age. His .remains were burled in the
Masonic Cemetery.
There are about 6000 miles of rail
way In Greater London, and it Is es
timated that something like 600,000.
000 separate journeys are made by
passengers annually. The number of
Journeys on an average weekday is
over 1,500,000. An idea of the vehicu
lar traffic in the streets may be gath
ered from the statement that in twelve
hours 16,054 vehicles of all kinds
passed a particular spot in Piccadilly,
and a full service of 690 "buses pass
the Bank of England in an hour. The
number of passengers carried by the
London trams In a year Is over 300,
000,000. A census taken of the num
ber of pedestrians who crossed London
bridge on a certain day showed that
they totaled 116,902, and In nineteen
and a half hours during a day In April
last year 248,015 people crossed the
roadways at the bank.
Vas{ness of London.
STEELHEAD — J. A. B., City. The
steelhead is the large sea trout or
salmon trout of the Pacific slops
(Salmo gairdneri). The salmon trout
of Europe resembles the salmon In
form and color, and Is, like it, migra
tory, ascending rivers to deposit Its
spawn.
LEVI LEITER — A. B.. City. The
published biographies of Levl Letter of
Chicago do not make any mention of
his family affairs, and these do not tell
of his religion, that of his wife or chil
dren. This department has no knowl
edge in relation to -this matter.
CASINO — L. M., City. In the gams
of casino, unless the players agree to
count the points as they are made, the
rule is to count In the following order
on the last deal: Cards, spades, bis v
casino, little casino, aces, sweeps.
Anszvers to Queries.
The English have-been »the rulers of
India, or a large part of it, for a cen
tury at least; yet there are only 232,
388 persons In the Indian empire who
can speak the English language. This
number, compared with the total pop
ulation, may be called infinitesimal.
There are 147 languages recorded In the
census as being spoken to-day In the
whale country, but twenty-five of them,
which are spoken by 221,lii7,673 per
sons, are closely allied members of the
Aryan sub-family. Nowhere is a non-
Aryan tongue superseding an Aryan
one^-and it sheuld also be noted that
the classical Sanscrit, for. many cen
turies has been profoundly influencing
the modern vernaculars. The transla
tion of "Ramayana," one of India's
great epics, into a dialect called
Dwadhi, by a* native scholar who lived
at the time of Shakespeare, is now
"the one Bible of 90,000,000 people."
Among the many Indian languages,
It Is pointed out In the census reports,
there are some with great literatures
and vocabularies, rivaling In richness
the English, French or German. While
some, too, have no past, others have
lived 3000 years. It is not easy to be
lieve, in view of these facts, that the
English language will ever occupy the
field In the Indian empire. Certainly,
It must take an exceedingly long time
for it to drive out the richer native
forms of speech.
Languages of India.
Is Leopold Insane?
Is - King Leopold becoming mentally
unbalanced? And will it be necessary
for the Belgian Government to Insti
tute a regency and to Intrust the sov
ereign r>oiver to his brother, the uni
versally inspected and exceedingly pop
ular Count of Flanders? That Is a ques
tion which Is being asked to-day, not
alone at Brussels, but in the various
Kuropean capital?, and which is a mat
ter of no little concern to the State De
partment at Washington. For the
King's extraordinary action In repu
diating without any reason the agree
ment made in his name and by his ex
plicit orders with the American con
cessionaires of the Canton-Hankow
Railroad by his plenipotentiaries, ex-
Minlster de Voider and Colonel Thys,
has not only led these two gentlemen
to sever their connection with his busi
ness enterprises, but has likewise re
sulted in an "international incident"
between himself and the United States
Government. For the latter has no in
tention of permitting him to carry out
what apoears to be his project of con
verting Into a monopoly of his own this
essentially American enterprise in
China and of ousting therefrom by un
fair means the American syndicate to
which, on the strength of the recom
mendation of the State Department,
the concession was granted. It Is no
doubt partly due to this that the Bel
gian Envoy at Washington has made
arrangements to spend the summer
within easy reach of the national capi
tal. King Leopold has also quarreled
with the directors of the Congo Rail
road to such an extent that they have
all resigned, among the number being
Baron de Gofllnet. who is treasurer of
the royal household, and Count A.
d'Oulireinont. brother of the grand
master of the court. Finally, the King
is reported to have quarreled violently
with Princess , Clementine, stories to
this' effect being printed without denial
or interference on the part of the au
thorities in several of the leading pa
pers of Brussels and Antwerp. Princess
Clementine v.as the only' one of Leo
pold's tnree daughters who had re
mained with him throughout all his dif
ferences v.ith his family, so that he is
now at variance with all his children,
as well as with his only brother and
heir, the Count of Flanders. — Baltimore
American.
Rose-crowned, rose-tinted, of all months
. the <:ueen,
June scatters petals through the per
fumed air
Her flower-message to the world to
bear:
That blossoms beautiful must lose their
sheen — "
Must pas.'* from life; no fate may Inter
vene
To hold their sweetness or their beau
ty rare
Which charm the hearts of mankind
everywhere, ,
But fading, dying, shall no more be seen.
Yet through their coming has been new
delight
And earth has yielded hours of perfect
bliss;
The wintry darkness casts no more Its
blight
And less of life has gone awry — amiss;
Our dally paths have seemed more sweet
and bright
Since June awoke the roses with a
kiss: — Boston Transcript.
A Sonnet.
The inference from the doctor's ad
dress is that the phrase, as quoted. Is
contained in that immortal document.
It Is surprising that a man of Dr. Gun
saulus' attainments should so blunder,
as the phrase, "All men are created
free and equal," does not occur in that
great instrument. The same misquo
tation is frequently made by orators
and writers. The Declaration states:
"We hold these truths to be self-evi
dent; that all men are created equal."
Dr. Gunsaulus seems to apologize for
the breadth of the quotation as he
would have it, bj^ saying: "The decla
ration was the work of an hour of in
tense excitement," which is altogether
an unhistorlcal relation. Jefferson
probably did not build better than he
knew. As his work was writ, so let it
stand and be read forever more.
L. G. MOISE.
Editor of The Call — Dear Sir: In
the Issue of the 13th in the news of that
date telegraphed from Chicago there
appeared a statement that Dr. Frank
W. Gunsaulus in his baccalaureate ad
dress to the graduating class of the
Armour Institute said: "There never
was a more interesting falsehood than
'All men are created free and equal.* "
That Is not so wide of the mark, but
he went on to say: "The Declaration
of Independence was the work of an
hour of intense excitement and on
every national anniversary this phrase
Is misquoted because when it is taken
from its context it Is false."
SAN FRANCISCO, June 15
A Communication.
THE Confederate memorial service in honor of the
anniversary of. the birth of Jefferson Davis, held
at NashviHe on Tuesday, was attended by a large
number of the Confederate veteran soldiers. The recent
observance throughout the North of the National Me
morial day was generally made the occasion of high
ascription to the valor and devotion of the Confederate
soldiers.
It is a matter of soldierly honor and self-respect to
give due credit to the other side. The soldiers of the
Union overcame men and mighty men when they won
the victory in that long war. The* vanquished were
overcome by men and mighty men by whom it was no
disgrace to be 4 conquered. This feeling was among the
of both sides \vhen the war ended. Its opposite
was sometimes expresred by embittered civilians. Seen
in perspective those hard days and hard battles are now
entered in history as evidence of American valor, and
spirit, and soldiers and civilians have come to the same
view. At ihe Nashville memorial General Stephen D.
Lee, who is the historian of the Confederate veterans'
organization, expressed the joy of the South in the great
and general prosperity of the country, "exceeding that
of Qtir fathers" and putting "the South on her feet
again."
Jn this hearty expression is food for reflection. The
South is drinking deep of a prosperity exceeding any
thing her people knew under the institution of slavery.
We venture to say that if slavery were still there this de
gree of prosperity would not be there, and this seemi
to be understood by the people.
The orator of the day. declared sectionalism to be
"dead and buried." He pictured the great destiny of
America, and the joyful determination of the South to
¦do her full part in the "opportunities, responsibilities,
strenuous" conflicts, conquests and glory of the country.";
That is said in the. right American spirit and is earnestly
reciprocated i" the Nor^h. There is no separate fortune
nor misfortune for any part of the republic. The pros
i pcrity is for all, and progress and happiness cannot
touch one alone. So misfortune and disaster, when they
come, are for all. Therefore, all should work together
in those things which ftiake for the material welfare, as
all must suffer if the general'welfare fail. -.'
SECTIONALISM DEAD.
In a "Thirteen Club" of matured idiots at Bridge
oort twelve members have closed an uninteresting ex
istence by suicide. With twelve such distinct examples
of what not to do the thirteenth crank of the group
certainly should be able to escape a death that is
neither original, spectacular* nor healthful to the town.
Bridgeport, however, may look upon the end of the club
as a material contribution to its welfare
A water wagon It Is called In th«
shops, but It is not ordinary water
that is meant but carbonated* waters
and the numerous bottled beverages
that serve to quench thirst and make
life more endurable In sultry summer
days. The contrivance so named la a
v.illowware barrel mounted on wheels
and provided with handles 30 it may
easily be moved about to any desired
place on the porch or lawn. The bar
rel Is fitted with racks for bottles and
glasses and represents one of the sea
son's fcovelties in the way of adjuncts
for the country home by the shore or
inland. — Brooklyn Eagle.
The Water Wagon.
You may talk about religion — but I
found it there — 'twas when
Old Jolly sang "Amazin' Grace." an
Bostwlck said. "Amen!"
The old-time flower gardens smiled in
my sweetheart's face
When Jolly led the saints along and
sang "Amazin' Grace,"
God bless him for that slngin'! It took
me back to where
I saw the starlight fallln' on the tresses
of sold hair!
Why, — 'twas only over yonder, at the
"meetin'-house. an* then —
But Jolly led the saints along, an Bost
wick said "Amen!"
I bet those men had mothers! Jolly sang
it, low an' high;
"To Canaan's bright an* blissful scenes,
where my possessions lie!"
For the old-time sweet religion — It kept
a-comln' when it t
Jolly — he sang "Amazin' Grace, an
Bostwick said "Amen!"
It was great to be there with 'em! Like
I a bird my soul took wing.
And I listened to the dear old songs my
mother used » to sins;
And when light streamed through the
casement— well, I— couldn't see it
then, --^
For Jolly sang "Amazin' Grace.' an
Bostwlck said "Amen!"
— Atlanta Constitution.
"Amazin' Grace"
Being the eldest son, he fully realized
that it vas his filial duty to provide hla
mother v.ith a burial In keeping with
long established usages and family tra
ditions, but knowing that its cost
would so deplete his savings that his
Journey would be indefinitely postponed
he decidr-d to give her a humbler and
less expensive sepulture. After these
solemn rites were duly performed he
resumed his weary task of making
pood the amount he had been com
pelled to deduct from his savings, but
he soon . realized that although the
body of hi« maternal ancestor had been
laid away to rest her Immortal part
Beamed so sadly disturbed and dissat
isfied that It began to show Its dis
approval in various dark and mysteri
ous ways. Many specious promises were
niadp, with frequent presents of roasted
and decorated pigs, as well as several
coats of lacquer for his patron Jos?,
which gained him temporary surcease
from his disquieting tormentors, until
a. happy turn of fortune's wheel en
abled him to undertake his journey
much sooner than anticipated. Leav
ing his country and graves of his an
cestors did not, unfortunately,, bring
relief and contentment, for no sooner
had the darkness of his first night at
sea surrounded him than he found
himself besieged by leglonn of ances
tral shades. who > violently upbraided
him for trying to evade by flight the
performance of the duties by
the much revered Confucius. Finding
that promises failed to placate his tor
mentors, he unwisely turned to the se
ductive pipe for relief, and for a time
<;jjoyed an undisturbed and peaceful
oblivion, but when his supply of the
poppy became exhausted his ghostly
tldert son of a widowed mother and
for several years had been laboriously
raving a sum of money sufficient for
his journey to California, but Just as
ne bad succeeded in accumulating the
long desired amount his mother unex
pectedly passed over to the spirit
world.
The night was intensely dark, the
tea extremely rough, and the tempera
ture so low that the rain turned to Joe
as it fell on the decks and rigging. In
fact, conditions generally were bo very
unfavorable that it was considered un
wise to 8ttempt to Iowt a boat and
thereby imperil an entire small boat's
crew on such a dubious quest. After
a somewhat prolonged detention an
order for '"full speed ahead" caused
the old Fhip to resume her struggles
against adverse v.inds and waves.
At a general muster and roll call of
passengers on the following morning
it was ascertained that one of them,
named Ah Loy,. was missing, and an
entry to that effect was made in the
chip's log book. Soon after the com
pletion of the above mentioned muster
a sailor happened to enter the store
room, situated in The forward part of
the starboard paddiebox. and "while
doing a loaf" casually glanced through
a small opening in the bulkhead and
watched the revolutions of the paddle
wheel. While trying to peer through
the fast falling showers of spray and
loam he saw, but qui^e indistinctly, an
object somewhat resembling a human
being lying on the opposite paddle
beam. The discovery of such an ob
ject in an almost inaccessible position
raturally exrited the curiosity of many
other members of the crew, and It was
finally decided tlrat the captain should
l>e notified. T;> gain :\ clearer view
that ofi;r-ip' r d«*red iN machinery
stopped in - s«>«»n as the s-"pray had
ceased talU: from" the wheels the
mysterious >: ,-<-t was discovered to be
an apparent'. iif'-Jess Chinaman. After
r part of :!: bulkhead bad b^en re
rcoved, the sui>|H»s»-d corpse secured
j'.r.d hauled in uji deck it was recog
nized by a gri'Cit of Chinese passengers
as Ah Loy, their missing companion,
end. under the impression that they
had seen a supernatural object, they
fl«*d in terror to the lower decks. Ah
our rescued passenger had been lyinp
rear the wheel, under a constant show
t-r of ley cold water and spray for more
than eight hours. I was Dot surprised
at finding him cold and j apparently
lifeless, his eyes fixed and expression
less, liis limbs rigid, with ft decidedly
tub-normal bodily temperature. In
spite of vigorous treatment several
days eijipepd before he w as-able to re
late bis adventures. When finally able
to converge he slated that he was the
About the middle of January, 1S76,
the Pacific Mail Company's steamship
China sailed from Hongkong for San
Francisco with several saloon passen
gers and a large number of Chinese in
the steerage. Like other ships of Etm
ilar construction, the China was pro
pelled by a huge wheel on either Bide
revolving between two wide beams, the
tcfaole being Inclosed In the usual semi
circular paddle or wheelhouse.
Cold, w*t and disagreeable weather,
T<1th strong head winds and se8S. was
encountered soon after leaving Yoko
hama, but the voyage was entirely
without Incident until the fourth night,
•when we were all aroused by the night
¦watchman's tragic cry of "Man over
board." An soon as a slight temporary
confusion had subsided, we learned
that a watchman who had Just fin
ished his midnight inspection and was
on his way to report to the deck offi
cer had be*=n knocked down by a Chi
nese passenger, who, rushing furiously
pest him to the 1«* or starboard bow.
plunged into the sea.
The officer on watch responded so
promptly to the watchman's alarm
that, as the ship was moving but slow
ly against wind and wave, her progress
was arrpstfd almost instantly.
Ah Loy's 'Atonement.
dissolves a small quantity of sea salt.
By means of a vaporizer this liquid is
distributed in the air at the rate of
one hundred and twenty grammes per
hour. It is said that by this means
the apartment becomes saturated with
the scent of the sea and that the
slightest draught of air creates the
illusion of a wind sweeping over a
sandy beach directly from the wide
waters of the Atlantic Ocean.
One's faith is not strengthened, how
ever, when the narrative proceeds to
relate how this ingenious scientist,
while inhaling this mixture, seats him
self in his arm chair, with his eyes
closed and "listens to the lapping of
the waves while breathing their odor."
for he holds to his ear a shell in which
he can hear the murmur of the rest
less seal Such an attitude and occupa
tion seems more fitting for en old poet
than for a professional man of science.
" 'How old?' he repeated. 'Ah. that
I cannot say. But very old. The real!
The genuine!'
"Earnest little man! "What was the
use of. telling him that the Brooklyn
bridge, pictured so beautifully in blue
on one of the Staffordshlres, wasn't
publicly opened until 1883?"— New York
Sun.
"I am not likely to forget," remark
ed one collector, "the easy confidence
with which one dealer assured me that
a plate depicting Lafayette's visit to
this country in 1S24 was at least 150
years old. He pretended not to hear
me when I diffidently tutored him in
dates."
"My latest experience concerned a
plate,)' said the other collector. "I
went Into a queer little shop the other
day just to see if I could pick up any
thing; the proprietor,^ho spoke
with a marked foreign accent, called
my attention to some plates on a
shelf.
"'Staffordshire!' he cried, impres
sively, 'the genuine Staffordshire! No
reproduction. No, no! The real!"
" 'How old are they?' I asked.
Two men were talking of the defi
ciencies of dealers in antiques.
'•Their Deficiencies.
tormentors grew more and more im
portunate, and one of them, more ma
levolent than Us fellows, insisted that
he could only atone for his sins of
omission by casting himself into the
sea. After enduring the distressing
mental tortures for several nights, he
decided that if needs must it were bet
ter to make this atonement quickly, so,
yielding to an impulsive obsession,
plunged into the sea. Instead of sink
ing instantly, he vaguely realized that
he was being carried away on the sur
face of a huge wave until drawn into
a whirling mass of waters, where, after
being tossed about until exhausted, he
was thrown upon the refuge already
described.
Completely bewildered and exhausted
by his struggles, he had no sooner de
cided to rest quietly and wait the turn
of events than he hazily realized that
his resting place was beginning to
move and that he was being deluged
by icy torrents; then a helpless be-*
numbing reeling of extreme coldness
overcame him, and he passed .into a
state of complete unconsciousness.
To account for Ah Loy's marvelous
escape from drowning, and from being
crushed by that enormous paddle
wheel, and also by what mysterious in
voluntary method he gained his ref
uge, a place quite Inaccessible while
the paddle wheel was In motion, sev
eral theories have been advanced.
The hypothesis most commonly ac
cepted by seafaring men is, briefly, as
follows: The China was moving slowly
against a heavy head sea when the
man Jumped overboard, and that he
was instantly caught in the swirl of a
cross sea. which carried him backward
"alongside" the ship until he reached
the wheel, when suddenly meeting an
opposing sea, or back wash resulting
from the sudden arrest of the paddle
wheel, he was thrown up under the
paddle box and landed on the paddle
beam, where he was afterward found.
On the arrival of the China in Ban
Francisco about three weeks later Ah
Loy, having fully recovered, was per
mitted to land with his fellow passen
gers. About two years later, when I
chanced to see him, he told me that of
late all had been well with him; in fact,
as soon as he had earned and sent
enough money to China to give, his
mother a burial in keeping with her
station In life, his nights had been
passed in peaceful repose, entirely free
from those terrifying obsessions that
formerly oppressed him.
MILAN SOULB.
San Francisco, May 27. 1904.
If he enter the Cabinet/ his power to'benefit California,
without abating anything due to the rest of the country,
will be vastly enlarged. It is greatly honorable ' to the
Third District that it has made such excellent 'selections
for its Representatives that they are chosen as the only
Cabinet officers the State has had, selected by the Pres
ident. If called upon now to select a new Representative,
we are sure the same wisdom will be' shbwn by the
party there. As any nominee can be •elected, the party
shows great intelligence in putting aside the temptation
to nominate any one below the hig'h grade of McKenna
and Metcalf. Republicans of the rest of the State do
not look with envy upon the good fortune of the Third
District, but rather are inclined to'keep.on following the
good example set by the party therei
THE news from Washington seems to' make it cer
tain that California will have the Secretaryship oi
Commerce and Labor, provided Hon. Victor Met
calt, Representative from the Third District, will con
clude to leave his seat in Congress to enter the Cabinet.
While his district and the State will regret to be de
prived of his services in the House, the whole State will
be gratified by representation in the Cabinet, and espe
cially if he be the representative.
California has not fared well in Cabinet representation.
It was expected that we would have a member of Pres
ident Harrison's Cabinet, but unfortunate divisions arose s
between the friends, respectively, of Hon. M. M. EsCee"
and Hon. John F. Swift, and neither was chosen.
Either one of those gentlemen would have made a cred
itable and useful adviser to the President, but our tend
ency to divide and oppose, which was- then at its height,
kept the State in the background.-
When Mr. Cleveland was elected the second time it
was confidently expected that he would choose a Cabi
net officer from this State. So strong was this feeling
that Oregon and other .Western States formally sup
ported the appointment of some one from California.
But the Democracy of the State- was riven its whole
length by the feuds and factions that originated in the
famous Stockton convention of 1884, and it was found
impossible to unite on any man. Mr. Cleveland got no
farther West than Nebraska in making his Cabinet se
lections, and the State was again seated on the stool of
repentance with a dull thud. When President McKinley
was elected he took the reins in his own hands and ap
pointed his old personal friend and fellow* member of
the Ways and Means Committee, Mr. McKenna, to the
Attorney Generalship, and afterward, in the face of an
energetic opposition, transferred him to the Supreme i
bench.
The Republican party of'California has learned much
since 1889. and is at present distinguished bj r a stronger
unity and sense of cohesion and a common purpose
than 'ever before in its history. It has. learned that the
source of power in the popular branch of Congress is
in getting good Representatives and keeping them there
while they are willing to serve and stay. If they be
long to the majority of the House, of course their in
fluence is progressive, and each is able to do for his
immediate constituency the things needful, and when
each constituency is well served the whole State is
cared for, as far as it needs care in national legislation.
San Francisco dropped out of line at the last election
by defeating two experienced Republican members and
sending two new members of the minority. These faile'd
to attend to the great interests of this city, and we lost
much. Not content with inattention to their own dis
tricts, one of the minority members went outside and
defeated, by objecting, the measures of his Democratic
colleague in the Napa district, so that we had the ex
asperating experience of three districts losing their
rights through sending three raw members of the mi
nority who put in their time fighting each other. »
Fortunately the Republicans learned wisdom. They
put McKenna into Congress and kept him there until
his contacts and influence were strong enough to make
him Circuit Judge, transfer him to the Cabinet and thence
to the Supreme Bench. His old district soon took up
Mr. Metcalf and has kept him in the House * since, his
entry in the Fifty-sixth Congress. He has achieved a
place on the Committee of Ways and Means, a position
in which the revenues and commerce of the country are
cared for in legislation. To be an active member of
that committee is to be in the most important of parlia
mentary relations to the Government and the interests
of the people. To. be a member of that committee is an
honor equal to the chairmanship of any other committee
of the House. Men are chosen to it on their merit, as
judged by the leaders of the two parties on the floor.
The minority leader, who is the candidate of his party
for the Speakerphip, selects the minority members of
the Ways and Means Committee, and his successful t
opponent, the Speaker, appoints them. The Speaker,
in turn, selects the members of his own party for the
majority of that great committee. These selections
being upon merit and capacity solely, it is the highest
evidence that can be. given that Mr. Metcalf is^ in the
first class in the House.
CALIFORNIA IN THE CABINET.
After reviewing; the whole subject Judge .Gray said:
"The establishment and continued existence of the per
manent Court of International Arbitration will make it
more difficult in the future than it has been in the past
for nations to engage in war. I believe that its influence
will grow slowly but steadily and that each resort to
its decisions will tend to form and strengthen the habit
of looking thitherward to settle international difficulties
by an appeal to reason instead of by an appeal to arms."
. An equally important utterance on the subject was thai
of Dr. Trueblood/ secretary of the Peace Society, who
after citing the Venezuelan arbitration and the Alaskan
award, recounted the treaties of arbitration concluded
between Great Britain and France, France and Italy,
Great Britain and Italy, Holland and Denmark, Great
Britain and Spain,; France and Spain and France and
Holland. He concluded by saying:
"The movement which led to these treaties has not
yet spent itself. France is in negotiation with a number
of other. Governments, some of them in South America,
for similar agreements. Within the last month it has
become known that Norway has commenced negotia
tions for arbitration treaties with no less than ten Gov
ernments. It is known that several of the powers of
Western Europe have approached our Government with
proposals for treaties of arbitration similar to those al
ready concluded in Europe."
Facts of that kind count for something. They show
that despite the armaments of the nations and the wars
now going on the tendency of civilization is toward
peace. Already the effects of that tendency are notable
and it is reasonable, to expect they will be even more
notable in the future. >
an international issue we may be sure his arguments are
well considered and his conclusions well founded. It is,
therefore, gratifying that his address was not only a
pica for peace but a statement of a firm conviction that
it'is quite likely to be attained at no far distant time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TH URSDA Y. J UNE ; . 10, 1904.
THE SAN FRANSISGD GALL
JOHN D. SPFECKELS, Proprietor ........ .. Address All Communications to JOHN , McNAUGHT^JWanager
Publication Office ..<:.. ................:... .Third and Market Streets, S. P.
THURSDAY : ..;.......:...„ •..' JUNE 16, 1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESSALT LAKE CITY, June 15.— H. M.
McCartney, assistant chief engineer
of the < San Pedro, Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad, now being ex
tended across Southern Nevada to
Los Angeles, has resigned and the
draughtsmen and other employes of
the engineer's otlice have been noti
fied that their services will soon be
dispensed with. It was asserted to
day/hat the office of the general man
ager of the road would be moved to
Los Angeles within the next seven
months.
The fellows who arc all wind are sel
dom those who come to blows.
Services of Draughtsmen »nd Other
Employes of Engineer's Office Will
Soon Be Dispensed With.
SAN PEDRO RAILROAD
TO REDUCE JTS PAY ROLL
TMs planing mill, no-*- operated by electric
r>ow*T. ha* bt^n established for M-vrra'l month*
during which time it hae proved to ke an
intolerable nuisance, affecting the health and
comfort of the residents of the vicinity. Clouds
«.f Aawdust are tlown about, lumber is pn»d
in heaps upon the etre»-ts and Fif!>-walk*, re
malmng there throughout the day end un
guarded by lantern* or otherwise during the
ulcrhu in defiance of municipal ordinances. A
large stable, containing thirty or forty horse*,
is maintained on said premises, the streets and
t*ti.ik> rurroundlnjr the mill are deKtroyed,
and in general a public nuisance is created
and Its maintenance will certainly prove det
rimental to property veiue*.
A protest was filed yesterday with
the Board of Supervisors by properly
owners and residents of the Mission
ntaliM-t permission being granted to
J. H. Kruse to maintain an engSn* an«l
boiler in premises on Treat avenue,
between Twenty-second and Twenty
th rd streets, to be used in the oper
ation of e. planing mill. The protest
Residents of the Mission District Ob
ject to an Allr^ed Nuisance
Caused by PIa;:!iiff Mill.
FILE PROTEST AGA.I.VST
PERMIT FOR AN ENGINE
JACKSON, Miss., June 15. — The
Democratic State convention to-day
instructed the delegates from Missis
sippi to the national convention to
vote as a unit for Judge Parker as
long as there was any chance of his
nomination. The delegates at largo
are Congressman Williams, Senators
Money and McLaurin, Governor
Varrdaman and former Congressmen
Catchings and Hooker.
Mississippi Is for Parker.
-It was decided to hold the next
adjourned meeting of the sub-com
tee on arrangements on July 2. The
full National Committee will meet
here July 4.
ST. LOUIS, June 15. — The sub
committee on arrangements of the
National Democratic Committee pre
vious to the convention met to-day
and discussed the selection of a tem
porary chairman of the convention.
Senator Stone of Missouri was sug
gested, but declined. The committee
agreed, to recommend National Com
mitteeman C. A. Walsh of Iowa as
temporary secretary of the conven
tion and John I. Martins of St. Louis
temporary sergennt-at-arms. The
matter of temporary chairman of the
convention will be considered again
to-morrow.
DEMOCRATS IX CONFERENCE.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark.. June 15. —
The Democratic State Convention to
day instructed for Judge Parker as the
choice of the Arkansas Democracy for
Presidential candidate. The vote was:
Parker, 258%; Hearst, 182%.
United States Senators Berry and
Clarke, Governor Davis and Secretary
of State Crocket were named as dele
grates to the national convention. W.
H. Martin' of this city was named as
national committeeman.
A State ticket was named as fol
lows: Governor, Jefferson Davis; At
torney General, R. E. L. Rogers; Sec
retary of State,. O. C. Ludwig; State
Treasurer, H. C. Tipton; Auditor of
State, A. E. Moore; Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court, J. M. Hill; Asso
ciate Justice, E. H. McCullough; Com
missioner of Mines and Manufactures,
H. D. Bradford.
Adjournment was taken until to
morrow, when a platform will be
adopted and the final adjournment
reached.
Senators and Governor Arc Among the
National Delegates*
ARKANSAS GOES TO PARKER.
won. Teresa 8H[j fa-eond.
Thir«l ruef, boy*, jo to 12 — Klchard Barrett
won. MUtun Harris -• :. i
Fourth race, girl*, lo to 12— X*llie Hughes
won. Meda Thornton second.
Fifth race. boy*. T2 to 15 — Washington Mac-
Klllip won. Fitd de IUk:o second.
Sixth rmef. rlrl*. VI to U — Virginia Cleary
*on. L*vcnne Griswcld necond. Mary Barry
third.
Seventh rae». young- men under IS— Paul
Bui>chintsky won. William Oaten serond.
Eighth rare, young ladler under IS — Dora
Gardella won. Edna Campbell K^ond.
Ninth r»c«>. young m>»n ever 1H — George Eld
ridge wen. Jake Baumfrartfn second.
Tenth race, young ladles ov«-r IS — Jessica
Ogilive won, Amy Buckley second.
Eleventh rare, married m*n, 8tar of the R^a
J'ansh — Henry CuthberUon won. William
Hukk and Herman Ganzert deau heat for
n-cond prise, •war-ied to Eulck.
Twelfth race — Married ladies' race — Mrs.
M«y Kionn'.ck won. Mrs. H. G. fitlndt second.
Thirteenth race, fat m»n'B race — William P.
Johrfon won, Edward Flatley Bwond.
Fourteenth race, fat women's race — Mrs. M.
Murphy won. Mrs. Hel^n Barry second.
Fifteenth rac«, altar bcye— Ed Maloney won,
Charles Leonard second.
Sixteenth race, frlrls' drawing — Gertrude
Owen* flm prlz«>. Mil ¦ I Gatlola second prize,
:.:*'•. Har,«un third prize.
many competed, kept the big party of
picnickers in high ppirils.
Rev. Father John P. Coyle and Rev.
Father Thomas P. Heverin were pres
ent. Much of the success of the pic
nic Td'as due to Alexander W. MacDon
ald. chairman; Walter li. Savage, sec
retary, and John J. Cansidy, assistant
secretary of the committee of arran&e
anents.
One hundred and twenty grate prizes
were awarded and the following is the
result of the racing contests:
First r»cf, bOTS. 7 to 10 — Harry Hansen won,
liavld Hunt Mcosd. -^
Second :*cf, cirls. T to 10— Vlary Cblemen
success.
Games, dances and races, in which
Programme of tiunics and Haw's En
liven*, a Great Attendance and
Valuable J*riz<*s Art' Given.
The eleventh annual picnic of Star
of the £ea Parish was held at Shell
Mound Park yesterday and proved a
STAR OF Till: SEA PARISH
ENJOYS AXMAl. PICNIC
Early peaches are now in the market
and will be followed shortly by all of
the later varieties suitable for preserv
ing:. Thin can beat be done on a gas
range from San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Co.. 415 Post street. •
E. H. Hamilton and A. L. Murphy,
representing the- Examiner; C. E. Ed
wards of the Chronicle, accompanied
by Mrs. Edwards; M. Fisher of the
Bulletin and F. W. Bishop of The Call,
accompanied by Mrs. Bishop, represent
the press of San Francisco.
Henry T. Oxnard of Ventura County,
who left San Francisco for the south
Tuesday evening, will arrive in Chicago
next Monday.
Joined at Reno— Delegates from Ne
vada Dr. S. L. Lee of Carson and E. S.
Farrington of Reno; Alternate R. S.
Meacham of Virginia City. /
Joined 'at Sacramento— Delegate at
large Governor George C. Pardee, wife
and two daughters; W. W. Shannon
and wife.
Those that will go tnrough to Chi
cago on the California special are the
following: Delegates at large, J. W.
McKinley of Los Angeles and George
A. Knight of San Francisco; alternates
at large, A. Ruef of San Francisco and
F. K. Rule of Los Angeles; district
delegates. C. E. Clinch of Grass Val
ley, George W. Reed of Oakland, W.
L. Crooks of Benicia, M. A. Gunst ut
San Francisco, wife and two children;
A. D. Porter of San Francisco, Mitchell
Phillips of San Jose and Mrs. Phillips,
R. H. Countryman of San Francisco,
Frank H. Short and wire of Fresno,
Dr. J. H. Priestley of Lockerord, Oscar
Lawler of Los Angeles and J. H. Nor
ton of Los Angeles; alternate district
delegates, F. P. Tuttle of Auburn, Wil
liam Van Allen uf Uklah, Dr. J. H.
Soper of San Francisco, Dr. T. Olm
stead of Oakland, J. H. Fox and wife
of Ltmoore. Secretary to California
Delegation J. Steppacher; delegates
from Hawaii. H. H. Brodie, C. H.
Dicker, E. Knudson, H. M. Alexan
der, W. T. Robinson, W. H. Hoog, A.
G. M. Robinson and Prince Kalanian
oale: delegate from the Philippines, J.
M. Snitzer; guests of Delegate Dr. J.
W. Lukens, G. Cosgrave and wife.
Police Sergeant J. T. Donovan and
wife and Miss Donovan, J. O. Sullivan,
R. L. Radke. Dr. Otto Westerfeld, H.
Johnson and wife, H. A. Friedman L
Selby, C. C. Gosling, F. J. Huskey, J.
A. Keller. Miss Grogan, C. B. Wieber.
L. Betteman. J. S. Stanley, Charles S.
Spear and wife, Harry Payot. Leo
Pockwltz and wife, H. I. Kowalsky,
Mrs. S. Kramer and Miss M. Kramer,
all of San Francisco.
A. A. Denison and wife. Oakland;
Mrs. J. H. Kaarsen; Marysville; A. H.
Brown, Santa Rosa; W. L. Crooks,
Benicia; Mrs. J. B. Smith and Miss E.
L. Smith, Fresno; H. Harrfcs, Oakland;
Fulton G. Berry, wife and grandchild,
Fresno.
General George Stone, chairman of
the State Central Committee; H. G.
W. Dinkelspiel. Richard J. Welch and
Harbor Commissioner John D. Mac
kenzie went across the bay to confer
with Charles H. Spear and Jacob
Steppacher.
A delegation of 500 constituents and
admirers of Ruef, forming four
abreast and headed by a band and
several automobiles, got into line at
the' St. Francis Hotel about 10 a. m.
The column with police at the head,
band playing and flags flying, marched
down Geary street to Stockton and
thence to Market. The route down
Market street was lined with people,
but as» friends of Abe»Ruef only car
ried one emblem, a floral horseshoe
inscribed "Our Leader," many of the
spectators did not know the meaning
of the celebration. At the ferry the
parade was reviewed by Mayor
.Schmitz and Fire Commissioners
Boyne, Parry and Maestretti. The band
and the crowd went aboard the boat
and contributed to the Jollity of the
occasion. The Berkeley was moving
out of the slip when a commotion at
the apron was noted. Then it was ob
served that E. C. Lefflngwell, Election
Commissioner, and Supervisor Lun
stedt were on shore. The boat was
backed up and the two tardy office
holders were tossed by the police over
the heads of the throng and placed
safely aboard the steamer. And the
band played on. At the mole Ruef
was "it." He made a short speech
from the rear end of the last car on
the train. -He proposed three cheers
for the Republican delegates and
three cheers for Theodore Roosevelt.
These were heartily given and the
crowd threw in three for Mayor
Schmitz. A little crowd on the side
track tossed out three for Parry and
the colt.
Engine No. 3016, with Engineer
Charles Thomas at the lever, pulled
the Republican special train from
Oakland mole to Sacramento. Con
ductor Lou Martin shouted "all
aboard" at 11:35 a. m. yesterday. The
train consisted of a regular baggage
car. a composite car; a small diner,
No. 10,009; a compartment car and
three superb Pullman coaches. 1 The
train is lighted throughout by elec
tricity. A banner bearing the words
•California for Roosevelt" and at
tached to'composite car No. 3076 is
the only outward sign that the train
is the special conveyance of the Cal
ifornia delegation to the National Re
publican Convention.
There was the usual send-off at the
Oakland mole, but the absence of a
large throng of party leaders was not
ed. This was no doubt due to the
disinclination of many leading Re
publicans to identify themselves with
the Ruef demonstration. It was men
tioned at the mole that the "hurrah"
for Ruef in particular did not com
mend him to the special favor of the
rest pf the delegation. It was, how
ever, taken into account that Ruef
was about to leave the State for his
first Journey beyond the borders of
California and the incident was soon
overlooked.
The reception of the delegates that
came in on the train by the Sacramen
tans was as warm as their climate and
the degree of this is superlative.
Truckee was left behind at 8:40 p. m.
and the little city of Reno, after put
ting the Nevada delegates aboard,
waved good-by at 9:45 o'clock.
The desert with its hot winds and
dust is ahead, but with Secretary
Steppacher. the lord and master of two
porters and the wine car, there is little
to /ear from the wastes of alkali.
At every station along the route a
crowd had gathered to wave flags and
cheer. The people of Sacramento,
which city was reached at 2:05 o'clock
this afternoon, had turned out in force.
A brass band crashed and blared fare
well to Governor Pardee and the other
delegates.
Mr. Ruef Is willing to accept the of
fice of national committeeman and
canvassed the situation to a limited
degree, but his friends among the dele
gates eay he will yield to the wishes of
those that favor Knight and there will
be no contest. Judge J. \V. McKinley
of Los Angeles was spoken of, but he
declined the honor.
M. A. Gunst, delegate from the
Fourth District, has his eye on an of
fice he believes he can fill to the satis
faction of all. He seeks to be Califor
nia's representative on the committee
that will formally notify President
Roosevelt of his nomination. So far
these are the most important questions
of a political nature to be discussed by
the delegates.
Delegates from south .of Tehachapi
admit that San Francisco is entitled
to the. national committeeman and In
all probability George A. Knight will
be called upon to accept the ofllce at
the meeting of the delegation to be
held at the headquarters in the Audi
torium, Chicago, next Monday at
10 a. m.
An enthusiastic farewell from San
Francisco citizens and cordial greet
ings from citizens along' the route have
served to animate the more the buoy
ant spirits of the delegates and their
guests. Weary from the - exertions of
their preparations for the trip to Chi
cago, the women of the party were
willing to rest as soon as they boarded
the train, but the delegates, anxious to
settle bothering questions of politics,
were sodn grouped in the drawing
rooms and smoker engaged in discus
sion.
ON BOARD THE CALIFORNIA
DELEGATION'S SPECIAL TRAIN,
RENO, Nev., June 15. — The California
delegation to the Republican National
Convention has traversed "\he Golden
State and now speeds eastward across
the silver land.
BY F. W. BISHOP.
Staff Correspondent of The Call.
Commissioner J. A. Pilcher started
eastward to return to the exposition
last evening. He will stop off at Au
burn to meet Mrs. Filcher and Miss
Filcher, who will accompany him to
St. Louis to remain during the season.
Mr. Filcher said Just before starting
last evening thaf he had succeeded in
arranging several matters that brought
him to California. The Governor has
accepted the invitation to the reception
at St. Louis that was tendered to him
by the commissioners. The time select
ed for the* reception will be most oppor
tune, says Mr. Filcher, for there will
not then be a plethora of functions and
of dignitaries to be received on the ex
position grounds.
Concerning his mission to California,
Mr. Filcher said that It was principally
in connection with the making of ar
rangements for a dally supply of fresh
deciduous California fruits from this
time to the close of the exposition sea
son. He was satisfied that the plan
has been perfected for this desirable
feature of the horticultural display, and
it Is certain that a splendid array of
fruits is needed to do credit to the
State. California has practically no
competition in this line.
A special rate has been arranged by
the express companies of $3 50 pev 100
pounds of fresh deciduous fruit* from
California to the exposition grounds.
One hundred pounds means five twen
ty-pound boxes of fruit. Any commu
nity or any individual grower of fruit
would readily put up a few boxes of
fruit and pay $3 50 in express charges
to help make a good show at St. Louis.
Governor Pardee will visit the St.
Louis Exposition after the National Re
publican Convention is ended. He will
be tendered a reception In the Califor
nia State building on the exposition
grounds by the California commission
ers. He will also reside for some days
in the California building as the guest
of the California commission. At the
reception in his houor will be assem
bled the officials of the exposition, the
commisioners from all the States rep
resented at the big show and other dig
nitaries. Altogether the Governor will
have opportunities for a very enjoyable
time and will have a chance to per
sonally inspect all the California ex
hibits.
DURANT, I. T., June 15. — The In
dian Territory Democratic convention
to select six delegates to the national
convention will convene here to-mor
row. Conservative leaders say that
the convention will send an unin
structed delegation to St. Louis.
Will Send an I T nln««tructed Delegation.
Immediately preceding the hearing
of the contests to-morrow the recom
mendation of the sub-committee hav
ing in charge the matter of seating
the Porto Rican delegates will be
heard. A sub-committee which has in
charge matters relating to , disfran
chisements of the negro will also make
its report.
In the absence of Postmaster Gen
eral Henry C. Payne, chairman of the
national committee, who was unable
to be present on ciccount of illness,
Senator N. B. Scott of West Virginia
presided. Commltteemen fronf Idaho,
Washington, Arizona and Hawaii were
represented by proxies, and those from
Montana, Oregon, Utah and New Mex
ico were not present.
Scores of delegates to the convention
arrived during the day and night.
Postmaster General Henry C. Payne,
chairman of the committee, collapsed
at the Auditorium Annex to-day.
Payne has not been in good health
for some time. He recently took an
ocean trip for purposes of recupera
tion. He was in his room when the at
tack came. His ailment was of a
neurasthenic character. . *
Those opposed to the Governor,
among whom are Senators Spooner
and Quarles and Representative Jo
seph W. Babcock, chairman of the Re
publican Congressional Committee,
were also here to-day.
The contest, If it is heard by the
committee at all, may not be taken
up until Friday, but some of the mem
bers are understood to have concluded
to exclude both delegations and let
the courts determine the rights of the
two factions. *
Resolutions of respect to the mem
ory of the late chairman of the com
mittee. United States Senato^r Hanna,
and United States Senator Quay, a
former member and former chairman
of the committee, were adopted.
After deciding that the contests on
delegates at large and district dele
gates from the various States shall be
heard in executive session, each side
to be given thirty minutes for the
presentation of arguments, the com
mittee adjourned until to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock. The contests
will be considered in alphabetical or
der, Delaware coming first.
The matter of contested delega
tions is centered largely in the fight in
Wisconsin, in which State two fac
tions have elected delegates at large.
The supporters of Governor Lafollette
of Wisconsin arrived to-day and were
prepared to present their side of the
controversy.
CHICAGO. June 15. — Preliminary
to a more extended meeting to-mor
row, when a number of contests will
be heard, some of which' /may be
brought before the 'National Republi
can Convention Tuesday, the national
committee met this afternoon in Its
rooms in the Coliseum.
George A. Knight Is Men
tioned for Nationaj
Committeeman.
Ruef Demonstration De
ters Great Party Lead
ers From Scene.
Despite the admonitions of the court
the afternoon was passed in going over
ground already covered by other wit
nesses with an occasional quibble be
tween attorneys. The case will be re
sumed to-day.
He was then, as former witnesses
have been, asked a series of questions
regarding the location of the ware
houses at Crockett and Port Costa,
whether he rode or walked when Jour
neying from one to the other and If
so. why.
Gove stated positively that he had
teen the wheat on which the Eppinger
concern borrowed money in April of
1903, loaded on the. French bark Pierre
Lotl in December of 1902. He identi
fied the particular grain by the lot
number* on the sacks.
On the other hand the witness also,
<»n cross-examination, testified that it
wai customary to substitute lots of
wheat, the quantity and quality being
alone considered. The instance of lot
709 being taken for 710 was cited and
the witness said he remembered the
occurrence and that the substitution
was made to save truckage and re
piling.
This was considered a point for the
prosecution, as Bunker's book Ehows
a record of quantly and quality of
prain in the warehouse as reported by
the deputy inspectors from day to day.
By it the prosecution seeks to show
conclusively that the grain on* which
the firm of Eppinger & Co. borrowed
money in April, 1903. had been shipped
from the warehouse in December, 1902.
On direct, examination District At
torney Bylngton asked the witness if
he would comcare his memoranda with
the book made out by Bunker and
could swear that it was correct, to
which Gove replied in the affirmative.
In the trial of Jacob Kppinser,
charged viiih obtaining money under
false pretenses. Judge Lawlor made an
important ruling when he decided that
a witness might refresh his memory
from data not in his own handwriting,
providing he was positive it was com
piled from his own notes. Judge Law-
Jur. in making the ruling, paid tha* as
the witness. Bunker, had testified the
items enumerated in his book were
copied from memoranda furnished him
by Deput> Inspectors Gove and
McAvoj and the witness Gove had
compared his memoranda with the
items in Bunker's book and made cor
rections, he might refer to the book
at will.
Disappearance of Wheat
C. A. Goye Reiterates State
ments of Others Regarding:
Says a Splendid Display
of Fresh Fruit Is Needed in
Horticultural Department
Republican National Com
mitteemen Hold Prelimi
nary; Session in Chicago
FILCHER STARTS EAST
Brass Band and Cheering
Throngs Greet Train
at Capital.
Departure of the Specia
Draws Large Crowd
to Ferry.
Will Also Be Keceived by
the Commissioners in the
California State Building
MEET TO HEAR
THE CONTESTS
GOVERNOR WILL
VIEW EXHIBITS
REPUBLICAN DELEGATES SPEEDING
EASTWARD TO THE CONVENTION CITY
SEES GRAIN SHIPPED
Important Killing Is Made
by Judge Lawlor in the
Trial of Jacob Eppingef
WITNESS MAY
REFRESH MIND
THE -SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, JUNE -lG, 1904.
9
I lliviv . vv 111 JL#v ,
I Something Doing at* |
I \ Don't Miss It I
I l|j ALWMfS RELIABLE [
I K* 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.jS5»1
AMUSEMENTS.
IDEAL VAUDEVILLE!
Affonst, Werton anfl Company; Eddie
Heron and Company; Roman! Trio;
"Mike," roster's Doff, and Orpneum
Motion Pictures. Last times of Truly
Shattuck; Avon Comedy roar; Le*h
Russell and
Marcel's Living Art Studies
Regular Matine* Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Haturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 23c
and COc.
COMMENCING SUNDAY MATINEE.
HELEN BERTRAM
PRIMA DONNA SOPRANO.
Late of the Bostonlans.
CALIFORNIA
dp This Week Only!
Of William Gillette's Masterpiece — Great- H
F| est War Drama Ever Written. Cl
1 1 Secret Service] 1
Qj j Presented by the Favorites. y
BTiie Oliver Morosso Company 1
Bargain Matinee To-Day. pf
Next Sunrtay— A PRINCE OF LIARS. W
¦ Funniest Farce of AIL H
THIS WEEK AND NEXT "WEEK.
Seats Ready for AH Performances.
NIGHTLY. EXCEPTING SUNDAY AT 8.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 3.
MANAGEMENT DANIEL FROHMAN.
IN THE MIRACLE PLAY,
THE PROUD PRINCE.
By the Author of "IK I WERE KING."
Notice to Oakland Tneater-Ooerst
MB. SOTHEBN will not visit Oakland
during his present tour.
______ — —
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
SPECIAL MATINEE WEDNESDAY.
TO-NIGHT AT 8 SHARP.
DAVID BELASCO
: ¦'-¦¦'» ¦ Presents MRS.
Leslie GARTER
In His New Play.
DO BMRRY
PRICES. . .$2.00, S1.50. Tl.OO, 75o and SOc
SEAT SALE FOR SECOND WEEK
BEGINS THIS MORNING.
THIS IS IMPORTANT X
THE LAST WEEK OF
TJ. S.
THAT VERY FUNNY BURLESQUE.
Novr come, if you want to see Fifty Ex-
ceptional Novelties and these remarfcabl*
artist*:
Edna Aus;, Garrlty Sister*. Yorke and Adams.
Al Fltlds. Edwin Clark. Ben Dillon. Roy
Alton.
NEXT MONDAY (REMEMBER)
First time her* of
"THE MORMONS"
A Hilariously Funny Burlesque.
A Hundred Good Things.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SAME POPULAR PRICES.
NEXT MONDAY — Special engagement of
MISS FREDA OALLICK.
'¦-' „
Hiffn-Class Specialties Erery Afternoon
and Evening in the Theater.
TO-NIGHT
GALu\ AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES
Take a ride on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
RAILROAD.
V131T CABARET DE LA MORT.
ADMISSION.... ..10o I CHILDREN So
When Phoning Ask for "The Chotes."
The Weekly Call,
$l pc r» Year. ,«
AMUSEMENTS.
AT f* A *7 A "D Belasco & Marc,
_____ General llanajor.
TO-NIGHT— AH Week.
MATS. TO-DAY AND SAT.
You Smile. Laugh, Scream and Howl at
PHARLEY'S HUNT
W THE LAUGHING O SIT
"Everybody Unshed all the time."— Call.
Evg., 23c to 73c. Mats. Thura. & Sat.. 23c to 3OJ
Next Monday— Th- CJrde Fitch Ccmetly,
IiOVEBS' lAlTT
Last Week of the Stock Company Season.
. JUNE 27— WHITE WHITTLESEY.
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phon. South 83X
to-wight— —
UinrOBM RANK. X. 07 P.. HZOST.
• Mammoth Revival cf
| THE OCTOROON |
100— PEOPLE IN THE CAST— 100
Necro Chorus of Forty Voices.
Songs. Quartets. Buck and Wine; Dancing.
Special Engagement of the Distinguished
Comedian. I- R. STOCKWEIX.
pDlfCC EVENINGS lft to SO*
lnllLJ MATINEES 10c. 15c. 23a
. Next— "LIGHTS O* LONDON."
TIVOLI 8S5&
SWDAV EVE. Am . T
JUNE 19th RUBIN
o?nri5Q or th£ yi /\ _r_ t\
TITOLI'3 NEW 33A50 I H H 1 1 I I B
"With the Amprican __\J' \J \j
Comic Opera Masterpiece
EDITH MASON.
With the TivoH's KATE CONDON.
Buperb List of FLOYE REDLEDGE.
NEW ARTISTS. BARRON BERTHALD
Including;: WILLARD SIMMS
JOHN Dl'NSMURE
SEATS NOW SELLING— 25c BOo. 73c.
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES.
MISCELLANEOUS AMTJSEilENTa
BUNKER HILL
EXCURSION TO
LOS GATOS, I
SANTA CSIJZ MOXTIfTAINS.
FRIDAT. Jun. 17. Special train Imtm
Third and Townsend at 8:30 a. m.. sharp, stop-
pins at Valencia and Twenty-fifth. Rouml
trip tickets $1. children SOc. Literary exer-
cises, games and dancing. Auspices Bunker
Hill Association. Sons of American Revolution.
Society California Plon«er» and Son* cf V«r«
mont.
3%iJ®cu£aAiiom>
/vy Perfect Fitting ft."
Hj> Eyeglasses If
j At Moderate Cost (\
W 642
Pfltq rp D0NT FAIL TO
laiatW gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/infl room, the EMPIRE
auu , parlor, the
p j PALM ROOM, the
linUlQ LOUIS XV PAR-
A» iailu LOR, and the LA-
U~lr,\~ DIE S' WRITING
I Hotels room.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
fSESS A2TJ> SALT MEATS.
i io rnvL'C £. Cl\ Shipping; Butchers. 10S
JAS. BOlES tt CU. Clay: T«L MsJn 12X
OX&&
i rnniCATING OILS: LEONARD tt ELLI3,
LL ?1S F^ont «t.. S. T. PbQM Mala ITmTT
Fxxzrrxxa.
F. C. HUGHES. Ml S . P n?o r m7^ * T.
POSTUM CEREAL.
NTS-
B I rjcf- ThfOD riat/C At the beginning of this Great Home Furnishers* Sal3 we gave our guarantee that
H Ludl illlvty LJCljo our prices en all DlnlnJ-Room FurnltU'6 were one-fourth to one-third lower than those
¦ ' of any other house in the city. Thousands hava proved it true. If you are not ready
H to furnish, choose your goods now from these prices and we will bold them for you three months. Sale closes Saturday night.
I $1.35, cut to 60c $12.00, cut to $6.75 $47.50, cut to $32.50 $2.50jru^o$l.75
| So!ld Oak Dining Solid Oak, 6-foot , extension, Solid Oak Dining Table, weathered .^Sed^iS^SJt
R Chair, golden finish, golden finished Dining Table, oak finish, old Mission design, pedes'al Dining chair. By tar
B strongly made. Cut smoothly polished. Cut newly leg, plank-footed and massive. Cut over ( ,* re^ eit ,hu t . e tXu
B over one-halt one-halt. ¦* - . . one-third. chj-ij-^i^n^-^—
I 870 More Specials Like These on Our Fifth floor.
I "THE. CREDIT, HOUSE" 233:235-237. POST ©X.
Clears the sky when
Coffee, the slugger,
has been thrown out
then use
POSTUM
the food drink.
Oft tb* little book. "The rtoad to
¦WVll\l!Je" in ee.ch pfcff.Already 12,000 tickets have been dis
posed of and 5000 more have been or
dered printed. Jack Munroe will be
asked to help out "Rube" Levy In
umpiring the trouble. The promoters
of the game expect to realize a hand
some sum. Tickets for the game are
on sale at all the fire houses and police
stations In the city.
"Fireman" Tom Fitzpatrick, the for
mer idol of the old San Francisco club,
will pitch for the fire laddies. Fltz was
a great twlrler in his day and has
hundreds of admirers who are willing
to go mile3 to see him work once
again.
The two teams met last year before
a record breaking crowd and the flre
laddies triumphed by a score of 4 to 3
in a game replete with startling fea
tures. The meeting aroused a great
deal of interest in munfeipal circles at
the time and it is expected all the old
time enthusiasm will be awakened
when the rival tossers struggle for hon
ors the second time.
' Manager Henry Harris of the San
Francisco baseball elub has donated Re
creation Park for the occasion and
well known sporting goods dealers will
supply the boys with the necessaries
for the game. The members of both
teams have been practicing at Golden
Gate Park for days .past and expect
to be in prime condition when time Is
called for the contest.
A great game of baseball is expected
on the afternoon of Sunday, the 26th
inst., when the teams representing the
Police and the Fire departments of
the city will meet on the diamond at
Recreation Park. The proceeds of the
game will be devoted to the widows'
and orphans' funds of the two depart
ments. . . , ' . . , ¦
Fireman and Police Are Prac
ticing for Annual
Match. •
TOM FITZPATRICK. THE CLEVER
PITCHER WHO WILL, REPRE
SENT THE FIRE LADDIES.
NEW YORK. June 15.— A small field
of the finest thoroughbreds will strug
gle to-morrow at Sheepshead Bay for*
the* blue ribbon of the Eastern turf, th»
$20,000 Suburban handicap, at one and
a quarter miles. So evenly balanced
are the chances of the candidates In
the twenty-first running of this classic
event that even the most expert opin
ions as to the probable result are val
ueless. An adjustment of weights
made for to-morrow's event will decide
more equitably the merits of the first
four horses in the Brooklyn handicap,
won by The Picket, and if that splen
did racer repeats his victory to-morrow
he will have to extend himself to the
utmost.
Confidence of the Eastern turfmen is»
supreme In. the belief that The Picket
will be unable to repeat and Irish Lad
will go to the post the public favorite,
as he was in the handicap. Hermis.
from the stable of Edward R. Thomas.
Is In grand form, as was demonstrated
when he won the Brookdale at Graves
end yesterday, almost equaling the
track record for one mile and a fur
long. This victory cost the son of Her
mence an added pound to his Impost
for the Suburban, but he will not feel
the change, as he is a good weight
carrier.
Proper, which finished third* in the
Brooklyn, will again carry the silk of
"W. B. Jennings of California. He will
be ridden by George Odom instead of
Lucien Lyne, and his owner expressed
the belief that he will do better than
third. While Proper's work In prep
aration for the Suburban has been ex
cellent, professional handicappers do
not agree with the Jennings prediction.
Africander's chances are considered
slim. He won the Suburban last year
on a muddy track. This year his form
has not been so good at any time.
There is every indication the race will
be run over a fast track. The probable
starters are:
Horse. Weight. Jockey. Probabls Odds.
Irish Lad 127 .. Shaw !V to 2
Hermls 12«..Redfern 4 to t
Africander 125. . Bullman .......10 to t
The Picket 124..HelKeson t to I
Mnjor DalnRerfleld.l22..J. Martin ..20 tot
Proper 110. .Odom « to I
City Bank 10O. . 23 to 1
Short Hose 117.. Lyr.* .....50tol
Several good ones. Including John A.
Drake's Savable. are eligible and may
be added to-morrow.
Fully 60.000 persons are expected to
visit the Sheepshead Bay track.
The Picket Is Not Expected
to Eepeat His Brilliant
Brooklyn Handicap Victory
IRISH LAD IS FAVOEITE
Seven of the Finest Thor
oughbreds Will Go to Post
in Sheepshead Bay Classic
SMALL FIELD
FOR SUBURBAN
CHAMPION JEFFRIES MUST REMAIN ABSOLUTELY QUIET FOR SIX DAYS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,' JUNE 16, :190i
The Fastest Two Greyhounds in
America Will Meet in a Series
of Trials.
Two stakes and a special match
will make up the card • on Sunday
next at Union Coursing Park. The
match will be the best three out of
five trials, and will be between Me-
Vey and Barge, the Grand National
winner. These are pronounced the
fastest two greyhounds in America.
The draw last night resulted as fol
lows:
Reserve stake — Miss Brummel vs. Golden
Garter; False Alarm vs. Merry Go Round: Red
Rock vs. • Duhallow; Rich Argosy vs. Texas
Mamie; Young Klamath vs. Plaunt; Tamora
vs. Rocker Arm; Cubanola vs. . Rocklln Boy;
Ft-ncy Free vn. Money Musk; John Heenan
vb. Icellus; Royal Friend vs. Roman Athlete;
Mark Twain vs. Master Rocket; Pagliaccl vs.
Texas Ginger; General Dewet vs. Frank Dunn;
Ruby Sankey vs.- Fontenoy; J E H vs. Llb
erutor; Aeolu» vs. Wattles; Conroy vs. Rapid
Water; Vandal vs. Renegade • Apache; -Free
'From Flaw vs. Aggie W; Mickey Free vs.
Frisky Boy: Una vs. Rose of Goldt Colored
Lady vs. Galveston; Honest John vs. Bem
pronlus; Chtlimara vs. Intruder; Blaze- vs.
Orelna; Tralee Lass vs. Texas Jill; Bright
Fortune vs. May Tunlson; Remlsso Anlmo vs.
Lily Wrlcht.
Open reserve — Gambit vs. Lucy Clalr; Ragged
Actor vs. Quita; High Born vs. Friendless
Bey ; Sacramento Boy vs. Lord Brazen ; ¦ The
Referee vs. Amandan; -Texas Hoo Hoo vs.
Rural Artist; Lost Chord vs. Red Pepper;
Raby Aurora vs. Haphazard.
Match, best three in five courses — McVey vs.
Barce. , # -.-.¦.¦,.
Yanger Cannot Fight for Month?.
SALT LAKE CITY. Utah, June 15.—
As a result of his fight with Aurejio
Herrera at Butte Monday night, Benny
Yanger, the Chicago feather-weight,
will probably not , be able to use a
glove for at least six months. The
knockout blow Yanger received 'from
Herrera's right in. the eighth round
lifted him off his feet and ! he fell
with a crash on his ¦ right shoulder.
The ring was unpadded-and the liga
ments of Yanger's shoulder were'bad
ly, torn and the bone bruised. Yanger
will be examined under an X-ray ap
paratus to determine the exact extent
of the injury.
SHERIFF ENJOINED.— Sara L. King, prtH
prietress of the Haddon Hall apartment house,
yesterday applied for an Injunction to prevent
the Sheriff from selling the furniture In the
house under proceedings commenced ¦ by th«
John Breuner Company to gain ¦ possession of
It. The Sheriff was ordered to nhow cause why
ho should not be enjoined In the Superior
Court to-morrow.
Flood did some sensational fielding
at second and Toman "made a wonder
ful stop near second, but spoiled it by
letting two men score. Seattle made
two quick double plays. Ross and
Blankenship divided honors at the bat,
each getting three hits. The score:
Seattle — Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P.A AB. R. H. P.A.
Van H cf 4 . 1 0 2 (; TDman.ss 5 112 0
Mohlr.2b 3 2 1 4 rf 2 ?Uood,2b 5 110 4
Deleh.3b 4,2 1-1.3 Whelr.3b 4 00 0 3
Frlsk.lf . 3 3 0 1 0 Bernrd.cf 4 112 0
Smlth.rf -4 2 1 0 0 Cravth.rf 4 1 1 0 0
Blknp.lb 5 13 7 2 Chase.lb 4 0 O 14 O
Hall, ss.. fl 0 2 2 .1Roe9.lt.. 4 13 0 0
Wilson, c 4 0 0 8 OSples.c 4 116 0
Shields,? 5 0 12 3 Gray.p.. 3 ' 0 0 0 5
.. — 'Eager.. 10 0 0 0
T ota.s37n 9 27 13 Totaig _- 6 -- 8 
•Batted for Gray, in the ninth Inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
, Seattle . .'. .2 2 O 0 3 2.0 2 x— 11
Bas« hits 11 10 3 1 11 x— 9
Los Angeles 000004 002— B
Base hits 0 1 001 4 0.1 1—8
SUMMARY.
Errors— Delehanty, Smith, Blankenship, Hall,
Shields. Toman. Wheeler /2), Bernard, Cravath,
Spies • Gray (2). Earned ' Runs—^ Lot) Angeles 4.
Xwo-base hits — Ross, Toman, ¦ Spies. Three-
Shields pitched a splendid .game for
Seattle up to the sixth inning, when
Toman .opened the fire with a two
bagger. Flood, Cravath and Ross fol
lowed with safe hits. Cravath drove
the ball over Van Haltren's head and
if he had watched himself closely when
he reached third he could have made
the hit a home run.
SEATTLE, "Wash., June 15.— Seattle
played all around the champion Los
Angeles baseball team in the first game
of the series on the home grounds.
"Dolly" Gray was easy for the Seattle
sluggers and to make matters worse,
the support he received was . enough
to drive a pitcher to the insane ward.
Chase, Flood and Gray did not seem;
to know what to do when the ball was.'
bunted to the right side of the pitcher's
box. At least three bunts went a*
hits because the ball was not touchep
by even one of these three fielders.
SEATTLE OUTPLAYS ANGELS.
McVEY AND BARGE MATCHED
AT UNION COURSING PARK
Washington Scores Eight Singles and
a Double, hut Cleveland Shuts
Them Out.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS. '
(National League.) ] (American League.)
AV. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
New York... 30 It! .C52;Boston 32 16 .067
Chicago .... 20 Hi .645 Chicago 28 21 .571
Cincinnati . .31 JR .(!•'{.'{ New York 2« 20 .JW.%
Plttsburg ...24 C2 .522 Cleveland ...24 22 .545
St. Louis.... 22 VI .500 Philadelphia.. 25 21 .543
Brooklyn. ...21 2!> .420 St. Louis 22 22 .500
Boston 18 i'S .;!01 Detroit 18 27 .400
Philadelphia. 9 33 214!VVashington. . 8,3(5 .182
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, June 15.— Good hlttins by St.
Louis, assisted by Brown's fumble of Smoot's
grounder, gave the. Et. Louis men the victory
in the tdxth inning of to-day's game. The
playing on both sides was poor. Attendance
3000. Score: ' . '
R. . H. E.
New York 2 7 C
St. Louis ..5 6 1
Batteries — MeGlnnlty and Bowerman; Taylor
and Grady. Umpires — Moran and Johnstone. J
BROOKLYN. N. Y., June 15.— Owing to the
fact that the Suburban handicap Is to be run
at Sheepshead Bay to-morrow the managers
of the Brooklyn and Cincinnati National League
teams agreed upon a double-header to-day,
with no game to-morrow. Brooklyn took both
contests. Attendance, 5000.' Score:
First Game — ¦ ' '¦ R. H. E.
Cincinnati ' '.....0 5 3
Brooklyn 4 7 1
Batteries— Hahn and Peltz; Garvln and Rlt
ter. .-:».
. Second Game — . . , R. H. E.
Cincinnati B 10 5
Brooklyn ...10 12 4
Batteries— Harper. Elliott, Peltz and Schlel;
Cronin. Jones and Ritter.-. Umpire — O'Day.
: BOSTON. June 15. — Chicago made three
runs on free consecutive hits In the opening
Inning to-day, but Willis was highly effective
thereafter. Attendance, 2400. Score: '
. R. , H. E.
Boston 4 10 1
Chicago i 3 0 3
Batteries — Willis and Needham; Welmer and
KUng. Umpire — Eustace. '
PHILADELPHIA. June 15. — After the third
inning Plttsburg hit Duggleby freely and won
with ease. Attendance, 2000. Score:
R_ H ' E
Philadelphia 3 7 4
Plttsburg 9 17 0
Batteries — Duggleby and Roth; . Leever' and
Phelps. ¦ Umpire— Zlmmer.
• AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND, June 13. — Cleveland - a fast
fielding prevented Washington from scoring
in spite of ' eight singles ; and a j two-bagger.
Attendance, 2500. Score: .
n. ii. e.
Cleveland 8 13 0
Washington ¦ 0 9 0
Batteries — Donahue and Abbott; Dunkle and
Drill. .'
; ST. LOUIS, June 15. — St. Louis defeated
New York to-day. The .visitors were '-out
classed at every point. Attendance, 3200. The
Score: .;' . ¦
• R.-'-H. E.
St. Louis ; 6 7 1
New York ..1 • 5.1
Batteries — Pelty and Kahoe; 1 Hughes and
Maguire. -
CHICAGO. June : 15. — Altrock j outpitched
Young to-day and scored a shutout against
Boston. Attendance, 3600. Score:
R. ' H. E.
Chicago '.. 3 8.1
Boston ....... ;...;...•.....'... o 5 o
Batteries — Altrock and McFarland; Young
and Criger. ¦ ¦ ¦ . , ; !
DETROIT. ' June 15. — Donovan and . Henley
had the batters at their mercy. ' Attendance,
1500. Score: ¦ »
- " • . R. H. E.
Detroit 1 :; 0
Philadelphia .0 2 3
Batteries — Donovan. and Buelow;. Henley and
acfcr«ck. £<•; ( ¦ . ,
Jirst race — Loyal Street, Wakeful,
Rathsiieller.
Second race-^-Rose Court,. Hook Se
Oku, Ml.«s Manners.
Tliird race — Flylns Torpedo, Old
Stone, Harmakis:
Foiirth race — Broomhandle, Braden.
Woodlands, j :
Fifth race— Just So, Bas d'Or,
Elastic.
Sixth race — Misanthrope. Clear the
Arena, KingKtcIlc.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
Errors — Nordyke (2), ¦ Egan, McLaughlin,
Hogan. Struck out— By Overall 2. by Whalen
7. Bases on balls — By Overall 4, by Whalen 4.
Wild pitch— Overall. Stolen bases — Doyle, Mc-
Laughlin (2). Two-base hits— Sheehan. Casey,
McLaughlln, Doyle. Three-base hit — Me
1,-iUKhlin. First base on errors — San Francisco
2. Sacrifice hits— Hlldebrand (2), Irwin.
Double plays— Hogan ., to Casey, Sheehan to
Casey to Nordyke. Sheehan (unassisted). Left
on bases — Tacoma 9, San Francisco 6. Time
of game— 1 hour and 40 minutes. Umpire —
O'Connell.
SUMMARY,
Base hits 20021110 0—7
San Francisco 10200100 3—7
Base hits 20200001 1 — 6
Tacoma — San Francisco —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Doyle.rf. 5 0 2 10 Mlller.s. 4 2 2 3 5
thehn.3b 3 0 2 4 3 Hlldbd.lf 3 0 0 2 0
Nrdyk.lb'4 0 0 14 1 Wldrn.cf 5 1110
Egan.s.. 4 0 0 11 Meany.rf 4 1 2 O O
Lyneh.cf 4O0OO Irwin.Sb. 20 1 1 2
Casey,2b 4 113 5 Twnsd.lb 4 10 9 1
M'Lgn.lf 2 0 2 1 0. Reltz,2b. 3 1 0 1 1
Hogan.c. 3 0 0 2 2 Leahy, c. 3 10 8 2
Overall.p 3 0 0 1 5|Whaln.p 4 0 0 2 1
•Graham 10000
Totals. 32 7 6 27 12
Totals. 33 1 7 27 17
•Batted for Overall in the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Taeoma 00 0 1 0 0 0 0 0—1
ST. LOUIS TEAM PROFITS
BY HITS AND A FUMBLE
TACOMA, June 15. — San Francisco
played its initial game to-day, beating
the Tigers, who put up a miserable
fielding game. Overall pitched good
ball. His passes were bunched with
errors and timely hits, and Uncle
Henry had no trouble packing the
victory into ¦ his grip. Chlmmie de
Whale was behind the gun and he
kept the hits scattered, although the
Tigers hit for extra bases.
Uncle's team made a hit in Ta
coma. A large crowd greeted them
and they played star ball. "Rab
bit" Miller showed up well. Hilde
brand made a splendid catch off the
fence. The visitors profited by every
error, and although the Tigers made
three double plays they could not
keep down the scoring. Sheehan
made a double play unassisted.
Score:
San Francisco lias an Easy Time
Beating Tacoma Team.
TIGERS FIELD MISERABLY.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles — Pettl-
John 107. Charlie Thompson 100, Flying Tor
f.edo 100. Harmakis l>5. Old Stone 95.
Fourth race, five furlongs, the Kindergarten
stakes — Broomhandle 121, Lawler 118, Braden
US. Layson 113. Woodlands 108. (Braden and
Laypon. Hayes entry.)
Fifth race, seven furlongs-rOperator 109,
Elastic 109. Byron Rose 100. Light Opera 104.
I Know 104, Bas d'Or 104, Claremont 96. Just
Fo 5W. Follies Berceres 91, Mafalda 91. Mattie
II 91. (Operator and Elastic, Lemp's entry.)
Sixth race one mile, selling — Frank McKee
10fi, Hymettua 10(5, Amlnte 106, Wissendlne
10(i. Aules 103. Tony L*-pping 103, John II 103,
Helen Hay 102. Jerry K/J, KlngFtelle 101, Mer
wan :i». Clear the Arena 98, Short Cake 1)1,
Misanthrope 87. '.
Weather clear; track fast.
ST. LOUIS, June 15. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at the Fair
Grounds follow:
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling —
Rathskellar 107, Loyal Street 100. Jim Crumea
10:i, Lone Wolf 103. Georgia Carter 103, Wake
ful 103. Red Leaf 103; Valtent 101. The Drug
gist 100. Cozzen 100, Lucky Pick 100, Llquozone
t>5. Pillar t)5, Sonya 95. Malvina 95.
Second race.' 'six furlongs, selling — Revenge
Dare 107. Lady Idris 102. Fugurtha 102, Rose
Court 102, Tenny Belle 102, Lady Contrary 102,
Thlsbe 102. Galfawator 100, Feby Blue 100,
Caelana 100. Miss Manners 100, Santa Ventura
97, Ethel Davis 97, Hook Se Oka 95, Edith
Boss 95.
ST. I.OUIS ENTRIES.
. Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO.' June 15. — In a common
exercise gallop English Lad, the
American Derby favorite, won the
Derby Trial at Harlem to-day, making
the balance of his field look cheap.
.Lonsdale gained .many admirers by
running a good second,, with El wood,
at 30 to 1, third and coming fast.
English Lad, for the first time this
year, received a. perfect ride,- the colt
having Dominick- up to-day. Dominick
rated him cleverly the first half, avoid
ing all interference. English Lad
moved up to Lonsdale on the far turn,
took command at the head of the
stretch and won as though x out for
morning exercise. . ,
The big colt waa loudly cheered as
he returned to the judges' stand after
his victory. English Lad was always
an odds-on choice. He was backed
from 11 to 10 to llto,20, and the
money fairly poured in on him. The
time, 2:08 2-5, was slow, and' English
Lad could have run it a second faster
if urged.
Horsemen are unanimous in their
opinion that English Lad, Moharib,
Fort Hunter and Highball must be the
only candidates considered on Satur
day. . . "
The steeplechase handicap fur
nished a 50 to 1 shot winner in Miss
Brandon. In some books she was as
good as 100 to 1 and several wagers
were made at these odds. After tak
ing the last jump Handvise, the fa
vorite, got to the front for a few sec
onds, but in the run to the wire Miss
Brandon caught the first choice and
won, goinp-away, by two lengths. Five
of the eight starters finished,
f The track was fast this afternoon,
Hut rain threatened throughout the
day. An excellent card of seven races
and the last appearance of English
Lad before the Derby drew out one of
the largest crowds of the present
meeting, which ends Friday. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACD— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
3 to 1— Flaxman. 113 (Prior) 1 1114
12 to 1 — Tramator. 105 (Ollphant) 4' 2 4 2 2
11 to 10— Cigar Lighter, 107 (Hck) 3 4 4 3 h
Time. 1:00 4-5. Start good. Won in a can
ter. Winner. C. E. Durnell's br. c. by Rough
and Ready-Minstrel. Belle of Ashland 10S,
Monte 99. Double 108. Herilda ll>S, Lola Mai Uti.
finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase, short course;
four-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
CO to 1— Miss Brandon. 12i» < Egrsn) 1 12 12
2 to 1— Handvlce. 139 (McHugh). 3 2 1 2 4
9 to 1 — J. E. Owens. 138 (Johnsn) 7 3 20 3 20
Time. 3:38 3-6. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, John Brennock's ch. m. (5) by St.
Brandon -Weola. Alma Girl' 136, Jack Boyd
127. finished as named. (Falella 141. threw
rider. Golden Link 13<, refused. Poorland3
144. fell.)
THIRD RACE — One and a quarter miles;
Derby Trial; three-year-olds: .
Betting. Horye. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
11 to 20— English Lad. 120 (Dmnk) 4 2 4 14
15 to 1— Lonsdale 110 (Hicks)... 5 1 ifr 2 1
30 to 1— El wood, 115. Prior)..... 6 02 3n
Time. 2:08 3-5. Start good. Won cantering.
Winner, F. Cook's ch. c. by Requittal-Engllsh
Lady. Woodson 111. Proofreader 110 Flo Bob
110, Copper 107 finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — One mile; three- year-olds
and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — Jerry Lynch. 101 (Olphnt) 3 4 2 In
4to6— Wltful. 107 (Henry) 4 3 1 2 3»A
5 to 1 — Exclamation. 100 rLrnce) 2 2 "4 3 h
Time. 1 :41 4-5. -Start good. Won driving.
Winner. F. T. Woods' b. c. (3) by Prince Plen
ty-Princess Ro»e. Lord Badge 112. Longmore
115. Calcutta lCTJ.nnlshed as named.'
FIFTH RACE — Four furlongs; purse; two
year-olds:
Hettinp.- Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5 — Luzarlon, 118 (Dommlck) 5 12 1 2^i
'.< to 1— Lady Labca, 101 (Ltvin) 7 4 >4 2 2
8 to 1— Abelard, 104 (Fischer).'. 6 24 3 1
Tin:?,- :41». Start good. Won cantering. Win
ner, F. Cook's b. c. by Cesarian-Lura. F. Capi
tanzo 104. Mo<lredlaw 1CJ. John Smulski 100,
T'ncle Henrj' 104. Alcor HM, Annie Alone 101.
Free Field Count 104, Viroqua 101, finished as
named.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and up:
Hotting. Hor^e, Weight, Jockey.- St. *i Fin.
4 to 1— Mayor Johnson.lOlHNicl) 2 11 1 >4
30 to 1— Jackfull. 100 (R.Jhnson) « 3 >i 2 h
11 to 2— Presentation. 105 (Math) ** 8 h :t h
Time. 1:14 3-5. Start poor. Won easl!{\
Winner, L. Marion & Oo.'s b. g. <5) by G. W.
Jnlinwin-Daybreak. • Zlbla 00, Mindora 113,
Bersonhurpt W, Hajidley Cross 101, Bummer
irnXV'KuliTMarr !»2. Joe" Frey 108. Reautifui
End liest lf«T>, Bt. Cuthbert 105, Hudson -Wt,
Marshalsea fts. Harncy 104, finished as named.
Ontanagon 108, left at the poet.
SEVENTH RACE — One and a sixteenth
mile*; gelling: three-year-olds and up:
Hetting. Horse. Weight. Jor key. St. »i Fin.
6 to 1— Rough & Tumble.rMj(Ore) 1 6 h lh
7ta2-Edward Hale,104iUvin).10 Sh 2 >4
7 to 1— Durbar. *8 (Knapp) 6 3 1 ."$ 4
Time. 1:4S. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner Kd Carrigan's br. c. (3) "by Roley-Helter
Skelter. Marlln 104. Ml Relna 104, Admonition
111. Sweet Tooth 113, Ryvale 97. Sockdollager
112. The Hcbicw 05, John Drake 113, finished
as named. -
Cpacial rue patch to The Call.
ORAVESEND, June 16. — Oraves
end'a spring meeting was brought to
a dose to-day. The only feature was
the Myrtle Stakes, w"hich was won by
Sheriff Bell, under terrific punishment
by "Tommy" Burns. The latter was
forced to do hi* strongest riding* to
get his mount up in front of Flam
mula, which had made the running
in company with Unmasked.
Buttons, off last, raa in that posi
tion or near It for the first half-mile,
then began to close on those in front.
Embarrassment, sold to J. W. Gibbon
et auction two hours before the race,
fell lame during the and was
far behind the placed horses at 'the
finish.
Agile should have won the two
year-old handicap, as she was soingr
easily at the v last : furlong: poet, but
soon after that Philip J. Dwyer's col
ors on Red Friar came strong, and
Helgreson was forced -to betfn riding
Agile. It was too late to save . the
race, however, and after a short de
lay the judges announced it a dead
heat between Aelle and Red Friar.
The last named was coming so fast
that he might have won outright in
the next gtride. It is so long since
Mr. Dwyer has won a race that his
friends hoped he had secured this, but
the verdict was a dead heat. Under
the rules of racing a dead heat be
tween two-year-olds cannot be run
off. so the purse was divided. It
the fractional time of this race was
correct the first quarter was run
faster than any other quarter at this
meeting. The stewards cautioned
Helgeson for reckless riding soon after
the start. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— About six furlongs: three-
and up; celling:
jetting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. \ Fin.
3 to 2 — Emergency. 98 (Travers). 4 2h lh
Hoi- The MuFketeer.114 (Jon5) 9 4 3 2 14
JO to 1— Irldtus 114 (Odom) 2 5>j31
Time. 1:10 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. L. V. Bell's b. g. by Bathampton-
Criels. ' Consideration. CastaJian. Julia M, Rob
Ttcy. Eagle. Missing Link, Castlne. Tide. Com
r:&'netta. Toupee, Florizel. Athlana. Sam Craig.
Otgood, Dr. Saylor. Counterpoise, finished as
earned.
SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-veax-olds and up; handicap:
J!ptt;r.g. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. Si Fin.
Tto5 — Dekaber. 105 (Martin)... 121 13
7 to 2— StaJwart. 112 <Re<ifem).. 3 12 22
10 to 1 — Colocsay, 114 •< Heigesen). 2 3 1 3 1
Time, 1:47 2-5. Start bad. Won ridden out.
Winner. EL B. Durham's ch. .f. by Pirate of
Ftczance-Deceinber. ¦ Gold Money also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a haJf furlongs;
two-vear-olds; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Et. *i Fin.
Stol— A«Ue. 121 (Heigesen) 1 2 2 »l 3^i
7 to 1— Red Friar. 13<J (Martin).. 2 6 1 *1 3>,
Stoi—GHpin 122 (O'Neill) 4 32 3 SVj
Time 1 :0S." Start fair. Won driving. Wln
rers S* S Brown's b. e. by Sir Dixon-Alpena.
er.d P. J. Dwyer's ch. c. by The Friar'-Sun
r~am. Valaday. Kiamesha. Workman. Salt
fcnd Pepper, finished as named. 'Dead heat;
I rize divided in accordar.ee with the rule.
- FOURTH RACE— Mile and seventy yards;
¦Myrtle Selling stakes: three-year-olds and up:
Matting. Hnrse. Weight. Jockey. St. *« Fin.
]o to 1 — Sheriff Bell. 10S <Bunw)..4 3 1,16
jst.c5 — Flammula, 01 <Crimmins).2 1 2 2*4
7 to 2 — Tnmasked. 100 U. Jones). 1 2 3 3 10
Time. ti4X Start bad. Won driving. Win
r.er. M. L. Haymairs b. c. by Orasmcnt-Lou
lse. John F. Buttons, Stolen Moments,
Reveille. Himself, Embarrassment, Timpane,
finished 'as named. »
• FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs; selling; two
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— Sangy Andy. 102 (Lee) 1 13 15
:8to2 — Confessor, 100 <Carmack)..3 2h 2n
ff\r,\ — Gay Lad l<Xt <L. Jone?).. '1 3 1 ." 6
• Time. 1:014-5. Start bad. Won handily.
Wir.n«r. A. L. Astes' br. g. by St.. Andrew
yrrnett*. Benlala. Dznseufe. Suzanne. Roca-
The Chanticleer, Bonnie Agnes, Mon
iAmour. Crusher, Sjaehom, Jax-k McKeon, Cheer
jl.'p, fini!Fh<d a.s named.
SIXTH • RACE— Mile and seventy yards;
rone; mal'lcn lbr-re-year-olds and 'up:
Hetting. Horee. WVigfct. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
jr. to 1— St. Hreezo. 112 <Hr!gesen) 4 3 h 12
~A0 to l—rifx\rri 112 <Mile*> 9 «1 '1 :\Vt
80 t o i_Hr Hh!;.. !«• <H.Calla!ian114 13 .J m
Time. l:4fc. Start fair. Won ridden out.
"Winner. J. Kneal'n 1>r. c. by St. Carlo-Breeze.
J'a'Sijonian. Grar.tsdale. Mutiny. Chattap,
Ti-'iriclit. Oilrnrer. I>naika, High Heels, BIf
lr<±, Channel, Tern Lawton. finished as named.
SlinEPSHKAD BAY ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, June 15. — Racing: will
Open to-morrow at Pheepshead Bay,
vlierc the Suburban handicap will be
the feature. The field, while of re
.jnarkablo class, will bo small, only
povrn Vx-'ingr carded to start. The day's
*turies: ¦
Kire=t racf. six furlongs on main track,
Dir.^-yar-olJs end up— Rr-Mabl* 140. Whorler
j:tO. Ort WoMs 1^:5. .Northern Ptar IIS. Mizzen
IIS Grand Ttju-ro lift, ! Dalesman- 118,
WaswiJt 11*. I.*ix ""ayta 113, Mafliie Worth
Jl". JjK-qu::i.ll2. Grenade 109.
Fecnnd rue*, mile. Felling, three-year-rlds —
(Jay Lothario 511. Hucklea 111, Lord of the
Valley UJ. The Southerner 111, Hob Murphy
Jf»i. Fllver TUy* 1W. B.«badil IO6, Tomoo.1
!(*>. Greencre^t tort, pivlniUUm . 101, Judge
;>r.ton 101, Seymour 08, Letola 96, Nl.<-ka
vu! a 06. ¦ • '.¦••¦
Tlilnl race, five and a half furlongs. Fu
tv.rtty court*, the- Double Event — Blandy 122,
Hurtling 122. O^jneilrr.an VJ2. Amborjack 122
Goiden Sunrise 117. Maximilian 117. Veto 114!
fourth race, mil* 1 and a quarter, the Sub
urban • handif-ap — Hermis 127. Irish Lad 127
Africander 125. Th- 'Picket 124. Major Dain
frpf'nei'i 122 tihnrthos* 117. Proper 110. I
Fifth rfce, live furlongs. Futurity coumc,
maidens — LJnrtfay Gordon 118, Cashier 118
Petit Due IIS. Long Dan 11«, Migraine UH.
iJelcanta 118. r>on Royal 118. Golden Green
Jl«. Ann!? 8 IIS, Hruehton 115, Linaa Lee
115. Antimony LUL Highborn 115, Raiment 115
Itiamoftd F;ush 115. Gold Rese 115, Gotowln
225. * ...
F!xth race. mile, and a sixteenth on turf,
handicap— Reliable 14S. ;Puke O f Kendall 113.
Carbuncle 100. Damon 10C. Conjurer 105 Palm
hearer 1<H, Florham Que«n -102, Mabon 102
»-'w«—t Alice 02, Lord of the Valley J»2, Scotch
Weather cJear; track fast.
PRISONERS PLEAD GL1LTT.— Joseph Mal
lon. an ex-convlct; ¦ pleaded guilt)' In • Judge
Jrtir.ne'« court yeet*rday on a charge of bur
glary for having *nt«red an outhouse belong
ing .to- G. G. • Gilletrple, »!.'• Fell street, and
rtealfnc •on* tools on April- 6. K. Kobac
jarhi. a Japanese, pleaded guilty to a charge
ct afwult with a deadly weapon for stabbing
«*. Ma.t*umaye, proprietor of a restaurant at
12 St. Marys place, on March 18. Both will
be •enuaced on Jus* 18..
Racing . at The Meadows.
KEATTLE. June 15.— To-day' • summary at
Tl." Meadow* ; - . .
Kinst race... five furlongs— Prietulke won.
Almoner second. Bud Wade third. Time l-oi'
t-'econd'.race. four furlongs— David Roland
v.-cji, Ktrel Wire second. Hooligan third
Time. :49. ; '
Third ra.ee. eix furlong*— War Timeg won
Umx Elder second Harfca. third. Time, l < 14' / 4 <
..Kcurth race, eteven furlongs — Georg« Berry
*on. Dr. Rowcll tsecond, Dollie H third. Time
J:=!». . .
Fifth rmee. Fix furlong* — Illowaho won. My
Surprise ercond. . The Stewardess third. Time
Fixth race, one rail* — Rio - Shannon won.
J'ilot second, Red Tip third. . Time, •!:«%.
First race— Mattie Worth, Reliable,
CJraijd Opera.
fierond race — Seymour, Gay Lo
thario, Greencrest,
Tliird race — Blandy, Councilman,
Veto. • ;."„
'Fourth race— Irish Lad, The Picket.
Ifrrmis.'/ ,..,_•:
Fifth race— Diamond Flush, Don
Iloyiil, Hishborn. ,
•Sixth race — Lfcadcr, Florham
Oiiecn, Carbuncle, i * • :.' • **^
fcHEKPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, June 15. — Horatius and
Rchwalbe are among the horses en
tered for the Austin stakes, at one and
a sixteenth miles, to-morrow at Har
lem. The entries follow:
First race, five furlongs, maidens — Belsar
anno 110. Mart Gentry 103. M. A. Powell 106,
Buttreil 100, Pacifico 118, Tennyburn 110. Bone
brak,c 115. Bonnie Prince Charlie 110. Hersh
man.112. Maxnar 118, Raymond K 102, Rather
Royal 10«. Judge Saufley 'l(>fi. Little Harry 104,
Bprt O«ra 10S, Ivan the Terrible 116. -
Second race, seven furlongs— Blue Miracle 101,
Ahola '.«». Atlantico03, Dusky 91, Irlcubator 104,
Mire Crawford J*S. .
Third race. Mile and a sixteenth, Austin
Ftakep— Havlland 102, Fonsoluca ©8, Stroller 95.
Horatlus 109, 8chwalbe 102," Spenserian "83,
filassfull S3, Copperfleld 83, Harrison 101, By
Ways 91.
Fourth race, mile and fifty, yards — The
Resent 107, Henry Bert 113, Ananias 85, Gen
eral Steward 95, Bragg 107. ,
Fifth race, five furlonge, selling — Hopeless 06,
PcjtBy Mine 06. Airship 110, North Enid 100,
Anona 'M. The . Eye 89, Hadrian 103, LM
Carina 104. Jade WS, Sea Voyage 100. Baylaw
100, Allen Avon 105, Lord Dixon 101, Tramotar
108. ,
Sixth race, mll« and a quarter,' selling —
Little Elkin 102. Wing Dance 100, Boaster 105,
Fair Order 91, Schoolmate 08. Gaviota 106,
Sioux Chief 100, Creole Jim 04, Tancred 108.
Weather clear, track fast. ¦
HARLEM- SELECTIONS.
First race— Tennyburn, Bert Ozra,
Ivan the Terrible.
Second race — Miss Crawford, Ahola,
Incubator. \ , V"
Third race — Horatlus, Harrison,
llaviland.
Fourth race— Brace. Ananias, The
Rejrcnt.
Fifth race— Tramator, Airship, Jade.
Sixth race — Schoolmate. Tancred,
Gaviota.
Ftost Amateurs Will Meet.
The monthly amateur, boxing exhi
bition under the auspices of the Hayes
Valley Athletic Club will be held to
night at Woodward's; Pavilion. A
promising card •has" been arranged for
the occasion. : Ted -Wolff and . George
Peterson, -the well known welter
weights, will furnish the main event.
Joe Carroll, the bantam champion, is
to box Tom Sullivan," and a good bout
is expected. Jimmy McDevltt has been
selected to referee the goes. Jack
Munroe, Billy Roche and Jack
Thompson will act as judges.
PORTLAND, Ore., June 15. — By a
4 to 2 >. score Dugdale's men defeated
the baseball aggregation from Oak
land that followed them up from the
south. , Swats werex much In evidence.
Ten times ¦ was Ike Butler touched
up, while George Cooper allowed nine
off his delivery. Two of the latter
were two baggers. The scoring, how
ever, was .confined to the first, two
innings. In the fourth Butler saved
his team "touch anxiety when he
fielded Brick Devereaux's bounder to
Castro in time to . stop Moskiman.
Castro caught Brick at first and the
trick was done.. Jake. Thielman had
a chance at a -double play unassisted
when he-nailed Franck's short fly to
right field ten feet front first, but he
tossed the ball to Beck and divided
the honors. .
Francks robbed. Castro . of a hit
when he captured a line drive that
sizzled . when it . struck . his . mitt.
Brown,, the new umpire, seemed to
give entire satisfaction. Score:
Portland — - . . , r Oakland —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Xadau.lf 3 1,1 3 . 0 Ganly.rf 4 0 2 0 0
M'Cde,2b 4 1 2.2 llFrncks.s 6 0 114
Drnan.cf 4 13 2 0Schfiy,2b 4 " O 0 4 1
Beck.lb. 3 0 0 8 0 Dulvy.cf 4 0 110
Fmcls,3b 4 0 0 12 Mskmn.lf 4 0 2 4 0
Castro.s. 4 0 13 2 Dvrux.3b 4 112 0
Thlmn,rf 4 0 2 11 Btrelb.lb 3 10 7 0
Stlman.c 3 1.071 Byrnes.c 4 O 2 B 2
Butler.p. 4 0 0 0 1 Cooper.p 3 0 10 3
'Graham 10 0 0 0
Totala.23 49 27 8
Totals. 36 2 10 24 10
•Graham batted for Cooper In the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland ... 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 x — 4
Ease h.lts 21112020 x — 9
Oakland 0 2 0 0 0 0 O 0 0—2
Base hits 0 2 12 0 111 2—10
SUMMARY.
Sacrifice hit— Beck. Errors — Nadeau, Me
Creedie (2), Butler, Francks, Schlafley, Strelb.
Stolen bases — Beck. Francis. Mopklman.
Bases on balls — Off Butler 2, off Cooper 1.
Struck out — By Butler 8, by Cooper 5. Two
bese hits — Drennan (2), Thielman. Double
plays — Butler to Castro to Beck. Thielman to
Beck. - Left on bases — Portland 8. Oakland 9.
Hit by pitched ball— By Cooper. First base on
errors— Portland r», Oakland 2. Time of game
— 1 hour and 50 minutes. .Umpire — Browne.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. t W. L. Pet.
Oakland ....42 33 .660 Seattle 40 84 .641
Tacoma 42 34 .552's. Francisco. 34 40 .459
Los Angeles.. 42 31 .53J! Portland ....23 43 .324
STANDING OF TUB CLUBS.
As usual, Andy Gallagher was saved
till the last. Andy commenced to work
the miner out at a lively pace. For his
pains he received a few Jolty boys on
the point that made him look unhappy
every now and then. This was tho
fastest round of the day and the miner
showed to marked advantage.
He took on Jack Sullivan first and
then went at Joe Long. Both these
men got theirs while mixing.it with
Jack, especially Long, who received a
Jolt' on the Jaw that all but put him to
the realm of dreams. Then Ivan Mc-
Laughlin came up and he fared even
worse than Long. The big miner hit
his sparring partner so hard that he
commenced to bleed badly and Trainer
Tim McGrath was forced to call time.
Frank McConnell tried his band at
feinting out the „ big fellow. ; Frank
fought cleverly, but at that he did not
show Munroe up in the ¦ least. Jack
seemed to be familiar with every trick
and once he forgot and hit the welter
a mean wallop on the Jaw that sent
him staggering back. Jack Cordell, the
lightweight, went a round at feinting
with the big fellow, but no blows were
struck.
Jeffries was told that his knee must
have absolute rest for six days, during
which time he will be confined to his
bed. Nature is expected to work won
ders in this time in reducing the swell
ing, owing to the perfect state of Jef
fries' health consequent upon his weeks
of training.
The rumor was rife yesterday that
the Yosemite Ciub management de
spaired of Jeffries rounding into condi
tion and that the fight might be de
clared off. Manager Coffroth vigorously
denied this last night. "I am going up
to Harbin on Friday," he said, "and I
will satisfy myself as to Jeffries' con
dition. I am also going to try to in
duce him to, come down to Oakland,
where the persons interested in the
fight can keep in touch v.ith him. From
the reports I have received from Billy
Delaney I see no reason why Jeffries
should not round into form by the last
day of this month, when the fight is to
take place."
De Witt Van Court, the clever boxing
instructor of the Olympic Club, and
an authority on training, is of the opin
ion that the enforced rest will do Jef
fries no harm. "Jeffries is such a hard
worker that the rest will really benefit
him," he said yesterday. "He is not
likely to take on much weight and a
few days' exercise would bring him
around again and fit him for his ap
pearance in the ring."
Jack Munroe resumed boxing yester
day afternoon after a day's rest and
he worked out fast. "Four heavy
weights and two lighter men felt the
force of the husky miner's blows. He
also varied the programme a little by
punching the bags.
Dr. Devening, who is attending
Champion Jeffries at Harbin Springe,
adopted heroic treatment yesterday on
the big fellow's injured knee, lancing
the swelling. There was only a slight
discharge of mucus, hardly as much as
was expected from the size of the
swelling.
After lancing the injured knee the
leg was bandaged tightly from the foot
to the thigh. Dr. Devening will remove
this bandage to-day to note what 'pro
gress has been made in the healing
process.
Butler Saves the Day for
Portland by Some Fast
Fielding in the Fourth
Miner Shows to Good Advan
tage After a Day of Rest.
Boxing Partners Are Busy
Time. 1:427 4 . Start fair. Won going away.
Winner. J. C. Cant's ch. g. (3) by Donald A-
Linda. Brooklyn 99, Sting 104, Handsplnner
10f>. Lord Haven 99. Noweta 98, Our Lillie 82.
Bessie McCarthy 108, Sealper 99. Leenja 102.
Dawson 10C. Baithness 103, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — One mile and twenty yards;
three-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Ctol— Dollnda. 84 (Perkins) 9 23 11^
8 to 1— Traysetter, SS (Anderson). 4 14 24
8 to 1 — Murmur, 9S (Plunkett). . .11 4 2 3 2
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
Betting. Hbrse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
.1 to 1— Prin. Orna, 100 (Austin)., fl 1 hi 1 2
5 to 2 — Platoon. 105 (Crawford).. 7 2 2 2 nk,
5 to 1 — Franco. 95 (Anderson) 2 4 3 3h
Time. 1:02. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. T. I*. Hayes" b. f. ' by Ornament-
Princess Over. A. Lady Fair i>5. Captain Ne
roth 100, Garrett Wilson 99, The Doctress 95,
Joe Kelly 10.1. Cesarlus 103, Weberfields 103,
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ft Fin.
Even— Taby Tosa, 107 (Watson).. 1 1 H61 nk
2tol— Est. Palma, 106 (Crawfrd) 4 23 2 10
4 to 1— Neversuch, 91 (Perkins).. » 3 2 3 2
Time. l:47«i. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. S. B. Burnett'* gr. g. <S) by Leep
Remter-Gray Bess. Jordan 107 also ran.
SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlong* ;
purse; • two-year-olds :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1 — Aurocelver, 108 (Watson). 5 13 16
6tol— Erla Lee. 108 (Qullett)..-.2 2 3 2 %
7 to 1— Loretta M, 108 (D. Austln)3 7 8 3 4
Time, :65. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Otts Bros", b. t. by Deceiver-Aurora.
Lent Leotl 1CS. Triumphtess 108. PederiS. JOS.
Moonctt 10S. Aspatla 108, Fallona 108, Pique
108, finished as named.,
THIRD RACE>— Six furlongs; throe-year
olds: /"
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Cloverton. 1J0 (Morris) 1 14 14
10 to 1— MaJ. Carpenter, 99(W.Dvs)4 2 4 ?m
10 to f>— Sanctum, 108 (IUyner). . .5 6 2 31),
Time, lilt}'*. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. D. MUlardg ch. c. by Esher-
Kitty Clover. Overland 100. Reglna D 104,
Muci-ovalr 107. King Fox II 104, Minnie John
son ICC. Tom KUey 107, Yellmantown 105,
Allegretto 97, Quaker Girl 100, Bird Pond
100, finished as named. Sadie .Burch 100 (ran
away two miles).
ST. LOUIS, June 15. — A crowd of
6000 spectators saw Taby Tosa put It
over Estrada Palma in to-day's
Fair Ground feature. The pair had a
bumping match coming down the
stretch, of which Palma got the
worst. The weather was- clear and
the track fast. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; puree; three
year-olde:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Phlora. 101 (Hodgson) 8 4 % 1 8
15 to 1— Ophelia Martin. 97 (Davls)2 2 2 2 nk
12 to 1— MUlbrook, 110 (Dare) 8 01 32
Time, 1:16 J 4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, C. Hlllebush's b. g. by Order-Phlla.
Bob Burt 104. Dick Ripley 09. Llla Noel 97,
Happy Hooligan 104 (ran away four miles),
Aacot 105, Sweet Note 104. Dan McCue 107,
Benton 09. Gayoso 100. Anyway 100, Owaeca
B5, Dale 104, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RUNS ALL SCORED EARLY
Tommy Burns' Vigorous
Urging Lands Sheriff Bell
a Winner.
Admirably Ridden by Jockey
Dominick He Wins in a
Common Gallop.
Taby Tosa Beats Estrada
Pal ma in Feature Race
at St. Louis.
Trailers Take the Leaders
Into Camp After a Game
Replete With Incidents
Slight Operation Is Per
formed and Dame. Nature
Is Expected to I)o the Rest
MUNEOE IN FINE FETTLE
REST ORDERED
FOR SORE KNEE
BROWNIES PLAY
GOOD BASEBALL
ENGLISH LAD, FAVORITE FOR THE DERBY,
RUNS AN IMPRESSIVE RACE AT HARLEM
BENEFIT GAME
OF BALL WILL
PROVE EXCITING
WILL TAKE WALTERS BACK— Detective
H*wley of Lo» Angeles arrived at poliea head
quarters yesterday morning to take hack
Stephen A. Walters, who was arrested here
on Tuesday on a dispatch charging him with
felony embezzlement. Walters, who Is a mem
ber of the Order of Hallway Firemen, was
Intrusted with a check for »41»3 by Mrs. A. M.
Brooks. MS South Los Angeles street, on Mon
day morning. He and his wife came her* with
the money. Detective, Hawley says the money
was all that Mrs. Brooks had on earth. 'She
knew Walters and had every confidence in
him. ¦ J ; '
LISBON. June 15.— There was an
athletic tournament in the royal
grounds here yesterday in honor of
the American fleet. King Carlos at
tended and won the tennis match, shot
pigeons and did some remarkable
shooting with a pistol. Four men'
from the flagship Kearsarge and the
Alabama had boxing contests at the
King's request. King Carlos, who
takes a great interest In athletics, re
mained on the grounds from 1:30 un
til 7 p. m.
Kin? Carlos a Thorough Sportsman.
base hit— Cravath. Stolen bases — Van Haltren.
Mohler. Double plays — Hall to Mohler to
Blankenshlp. Blankenshlp to Hall to Shields.
Basts on balls — Oft Gray 5. Hit by pitcher —
Gray 3. Struck out — By Shields 7. by Gray 4.
Wild pitch — Gray. Left on bases — Seattle. ».
Los Angeles 4. Time of game — One hour and
forty-five minutes. Umpire — Jack McCarthy.
Billy Roche, matchmaker of th«»
Hayes Valley Club, is having difficulty
in getting a good card for next month.
He tried to get Young Corbett and
Battling Nelson, but the former re
plied he would not fight in this city
until he meets Britt. Eddie Hanlon
has been offered the match. He has
agreed to fight Nelson at 129 pounds
at 6 o'clock. If Nelson does not get
this match he will fight Herrera at
Salt Lake City on July 4.
Hanlon May Fight XeLson.
CHICAGO, June 15.— Secretary James
E. Howard of the Washington Park
Club destroyed all the hopes of the
bookmakers to-day by declaring em
phatically that no Rambling 1 would be
tolerated at Washington Park on Derby
day. Any person found making a
wager will be ejected from the grounds
by detectives employed for that pur
pose by the park officials, he declared.
"It doesn't seem necessary for us to
forbid gambling." said Howard to As
sistant Chief Scheuttler when he was
given official notice that no gambling
would be permitted at the great turf
classic. "You seem to have looked well
to that, but we have issued orders that
no bookmaking nor gambling of any
kind can be indulged in at Washington
Park this year. Detectives have been
employed by the association, and any
one who is found making bets will be
ejected from the grounds immediately."
This declaration followed the Mayor's
ultimatum of an hour before, when he
threatened to revoke the amusement li
cense of the association if It allowed
gambling at the track.
American Derby Will Be Run Without
the Presence of the Cheerful
Layers of Odds.
WASHINGTON" PARK MANAGER
WILL ALLOW NO BETTING
10
Thtough. the Skin ,^k
TO THE BLOOD. rfiijS??
Some of the most stubborn diseases enter into the rtJtt^** £
system through the pores of the skin. The juices of J^m^P' ML
Poison Oak and Ivy and other noxious wild plants when >&§£ii*4Bbv
taken into the circulation, break out afresh each season 4 Sfif s **~^;? ¦- ' ; Mt
and linger on for years unless antidoted and driven out
Dye Poisoning from wear- "^
ing colored under-clothing POISON OAK you EIGHT YEABS
and Hosiery is of f reo^uent oc- ta«3?»Jsi
Workers la Lead, Br«s5, EEL2SS I % V*SSSh SET" 8om * «• " !
and other metals are. often
poisoned by the chemicals eraiBeaaons. im 8 . a. v.SEsmrr
and acids used in polishing, Tocoo »» <*<»*». , * **» »*tt,
and the dust and filings settling upon the skin. The diseases that «nt«- tt,.
unrivaled' b.cod. pWer. %&ftr&S&5\Sg3£g*g*£*£
sores Md eruptions disappear from the skin. Write nsshMlrtTT^-
gtad advice or any Nation abont your *£?f£$S£&££
™£ swift specmc co., ATUim,eA.Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer»
'hanu' Exchange, San Franclscc. Cal..''
June 13.
The Time Ball on fae tower of the Ferry
bullllsc was dropped exactly at nooa to-day —
Time Ball.
The cteasier City of PueWa, sailed on Tues
day fcr Victoria with an assorted merchandise
cargo ccmslgsed to tne port of dertlnatlon and
the principal British Columbian ports valued
at I11.732 and including tbe following: KM8
pkgs fresh fruit*. 113 pkRS fresh vegetables.
1S»T pkgs potatoes, 127 pkgs or.ions. 22.23') Ir-s
dried fruit. CS0 lbs raUlns. 21.230 lbs malt.
< i iii. lbs sugar. <J pkgs rroceries and pro
vUloas. IC1 Ibm eoffpe. M0 lbs dried fl>!».
UTt lb» cfcooclatt. VQiJO It* Urd. 1440 lbs
Matters of Interest to Mariners »and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEA.Y.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
»t Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and lew waters occur at
the city front <Mls*ion-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the rame at both Places^
THURSDAY. JUNE 1«.
Sun rises 4:47
San sets ;33
Mocn *'ts 9:54 p. m.
C Time! ""iTlme! I Time ITlme!
¦ ! 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. i j Ft. I 1 Ft.
? !L W I I H WJ |L W 1H W]
1« I 0:lH) 5.71 7:13;— O.Si 2:27 4.9! 7:151 2-»
'H w| IL wi |H W |L Wl
17 I 1:12 8.N *.:CO— O.fl 3:12 5.01 8:1S[ 2.9
IS I 2:10! 3.0i «:.VJ1— 0.11 S:3i< B.2I 0:S0 J.«
19 i 3:17 «.€ 9:42! U.4 4:47 5.4 10:40 2.3
2U | 4:37j 4.1110:40! l.Oi 3:35 5.5)11:54 1.8
XOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
¦hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three, tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are la
addition to the foundings of the United States
Coaat Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — ) ,
sum precedes the height. an<f then the number
given is subtracted from the depth riven by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of tbe lower low waters.
The Oceanic Steamship Company'* Un«r Ala
:- • V. left Honolulu yesterday for £an Fran
?"ottlnx has been beard of the missing
American t*rk HelHnwl. If she does not
rot In *n appearance by thr tlrs* th; H.-47-
Srokane collUJon Investigation endt. Captain
TVtUe of the revenue cutter Daniel Mannlnf.
wEI leai-e In aearca of tbe overdue vessel.
The Csc!le and the Korea left TrJcohama
yi^terday. both homeward bound. The Korea
baa been detained In quarantine at the Jap-
Watrr.FYont Notes.
Tbe Ustied nsonltor Wyoming and
the . tcrpe<Jp-brat destroyers * Pr^tle and Paul
Jones ' «a:;<i; • ye«*«-r<!ay for Port Towciend.
where they; will Join the Faciflc aquadron.
'Xlesteoant at Pobce Beixard McManus re
turard yesterday to his port at the Harbor
police, station aiter a fourteen days' vacation,
which h* epeat makin«; an automobile tour of
the summer retorts.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Tlie VC-t-r. schooner Del Nortt, belcnyir.a; to
R. D. How of this city, is reported ashore
en the south *pil »t the entrance to the. Slas
law Rivtr, Ehe waa tcwina; cut of Siusiaw
Juce IX wbea hr hawa^r broke. The veoael
drifted aft 're. Her ¦:••*:¦ i ' had b««n washed
away and Tlve schooner i* fuU of water. Tb«
boll la baily wrencted.
Schooner Del Xortc Ashore.
TTNE— In port June I— Fr ship Madalelne.
for San Francisco.
MOJI— Sailed May 29— Br ttmr Ara«onja,
for Orecon.
VALVAitAISO— Arrived June 13— Br «hlp
Edenmcr», frcm Port Hadlock.
PERIM— Parsed '. June 14— Br «tmr Pins;
Suey. trom Tacoma, for Liverpool.
BARCELONA— Arrive! June &— Span atmr
Antonio Lopez, from Manila, for Liverpool.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 15— Br itmr Gae
lic for San Francisco, via Honolulu; atmr Ko
rea for San Francisco, via Honolulu.
NEWCASTLE. AUS — Arrived June 14— Schr
Marconi from Port Elizabeth. .-¦• . ¦-
HAKODATK— SaiUd June 15— Br atmr Stan
ley Dollar, for San Francisco, via Muroran.
NEW TORK— Sailed June 14— Stmr Sefcn
ranca. for Colon.
Arrived June 15— Stmr Alllanca, from Colon.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived June 14— Br ship
Invernesehlre. from London.
FOREIGN PORTS.
EASTERN PORTS.
MANILA— Arrived June 12— Br strur Ortega
Branch, from Newcastle. NSW.
Sailed June 7 — Schr Okanozan, for Port
Townsend. June 13 — U S stmr TSomai, for
Pan Francisco.
HONOLULU— Sailed June 15— Stmr Ala
meda, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
The delegates to the national Pro
hibition convention will leave San
Francisco for Indianapolis on Thurs
day, June 23, going via Chicago. Most
of the delegates will visit the St-
Louls Fair on their return.- Chairman
Taynton is of the opinion that nearly
all the twenty-nine delegates will at
tend the convention.
Alice Cooke. hence June 4.
-POINT LOBOS — Passed north June 15, 6
p m — S».mr Marshfleld, from San Pedro, for
"ABERDEEN— Sailed June 15— Schr i«ssl«
Minor, for Saa FraJtlsco.
• Arrived June 15— Stmr Chehalls. hence June
11 : schr Henry Wilson, henc* June 3.
Inhibition Convention.
Crown of Germany Spoken.
The British ship Ctot-d cf Germany was re
ported veaterday as haTtna- been spoken June
11. and her nas> was takes off the overdue
list. Fne it rot HO days from New Tork for
Khar.Fhal. and was quoted for relnecrance at
23 p*r CMit. There Is no chana^ In the rates
of tfce ctfcer overduea.
The Tnited State* Fl*h Cornml**inn rteamer
AIbatr?*a, Captain Pwift. returned yesterday
from an ert*r.ded cruise along the California
coast- Tlie Alr-atroaa vi#ited many places.
Kit did tfce moat work la Monterey Bay
m-h^re the er*r.t a month. Ehe will probably
taake another short rnilse before the fall.
•when «fa« starts fcr a lenrtcy sojourn Irv the
Albatross Returns.
A lively company of- youngsters took
the train on the California Northwest
ern line for Preston yesterday morning
at 7:30 for a month's outing at Camp
McCoy, the annual camp of the boys'
department of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association. A hundred or more
boys were in the first company to
start. They have every convenience
for an enjoyable outing, including a
first class cook and first class tents.
An ideal site on the banks of the
Russian River has been selected. The
weeks will be spent in athletic games,
llshlng, boating and swimming and no
pains will be spared to give the boya
an enjoyable time.
Junior Department of the Youn;r
Men's Christian As.*oclation to
Cam? Out.
BOYS OFF FOR OUTING
TO THE RUSSIAN" RIVER
Th» Oceanic Steamship Company's lir.er Wn
tura will *all at 2 o'clock this afternoon for
Honolulu. Paro Paa-o and the Antipodes. She
win carry many rasse=*ers. amctyr them a.
lUUUim of well k=own people. TK". E. Mlrfcell.
pr»»15e=t of the California. Shipping Company.
¦artli be a. r*a*er.«;er to Srdr.ey en the Venfjr*.
Atconipaxled by his daughter Mr. Mlghell is
Kcizig en a six months" \-acatlon. Alezaad»r
Yocng of Hoc<?lu1u will be another pai««enyer.
Dr. v.vi-am Hamilton of the rj^ry g-oes to
Hocolula on the l'.oer. Other Honrlulu pas
e«ur*rs are Mra. XV. G. Irwin. llin Irwtn and
Profta«cr J. E. Duer*en of Ann Arbor Uni
versity.
Ventura Sails To- Day.
A meeting of the Sutter-street Im
provement Club was held yesterday at
Golden Gate Hall to effect a perma
nent organization. Frank J. Sullivan
was elected president; William Hazell.
vice president: Pierre C. Moore, sec
retary; HouRhton Sawyer, treasurer.
Tho principal objects of the club are
to keep the streets clean, to get a bet
ter pavement, secure a more direct
and better car service, better lighting
and the removal of the overhead elec
tric wires.
Ask for Many Improvements.
Petitions in insolvency were filed
yesterday In the United States District
Court as follows: David M. Klmes,
painter and merchant. Sebastopol. lia
bilities $3478. assets $678; J. W. Clark,
farmer. Blacks, liabilities $1496, assets
$1018. Creditors of Cain, Boyd & Cor
riea, commission merchants. San Fran
cisco, filed a petition in involuntary in
solvency. The heaviest creditor is
Hunt Bros., $2396. for fruit delivered.
Petitions in Insolvency.
June 12 — I-at 2S (XI north. Ion« 74 12 west,
stmr Advance, from New York, for Colon.
Jun<* 11 — Br bark Crown of Germany, from
New York for Shanghai: no position.
TELEGRAPHIC. ,
.POINT LOBOS, Jur^* Ift, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wir.d west; velocity 2.1 mJIea per hour.
npMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO-iSailed June 15— Schr Annie M
Campbell, for Port Gamble; stmr Prentlss, for
San Francisco.
Sailed, June 15 — Stm» Bee, for Ban Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE-'Salled June 14— Stmr Olympic,
for Nome. Jur.» 15— Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skagway; itcr Valencia, for Nome.
Arrived June 15— Stmr Chas Nelson, hence.
June 10.
SIL'SLAW RIVER— Arrived off June 14—
Tug Sea Rovar. henee June 0: schr. Sacra
mento, hence June 0; schr Oakland, hence
June '•». tn tow of tux Sea Rover.
TACOMA— Sailed June 15— Strar San Mateo.
for San Francisco.
Arrived Jun« 15 — Strr.r Mackinaw, henc*
June 0
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 14— Brie
Lurllne. fcr San Francisco; achr R C Slade, for
San Pedro.
Arrived June 14 — Schr Robert Searles. from
Fan Pedro; »chr C A Ttiayer. from Honolulu;
stmr Chehalts. hence Jun« 11.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 15 — Bktn
Hawaii, hence May 23.
. BALLARD— Sailed June 14— Schr Winslow,
for Pan Pedro.
UNGA— Sallrd June 10— Erf* J D Spreck*Is.
for San Franclaco.
TATOOSH— Passed out June 15 — Stmr Ari
zonan. for Honolulu; atmr Valencia, from Se
attle, for Nome; ttmr San Mateo. from Taco
ma. for San Francisco; bark Diamond Head,
from Port Blakeley, for Eten; schr Wtmlow,
from Ballard. fcr San Pedro.
Paesed cct Jun^ 13 — Bark Abby Palmer,
from Seattle, for Honolulu.
POINT REYES — Pasaed June 15, ll:2O a
m — Stmr WeatDort, for San Francisco from
W«wtport.
Pasted June 15, 12:35 p m — Schr 8oquel.
I from Pert Blakeley. for San Francissco; 12:45
p m — stmr Iarjua., from Eureka, for Ban Pedro.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived June 14 — Strar Pren
t!»K from Redondo; stmr Mandaliy, from
Eureka: stmr Santa Barbara, frocn Port Loa
ADf;eIes.
Sailed J«n» 15 — Stmbr Robert Dollar for
San Francisco: schr Dora Bluhrn. for Eureka.
Arrived Jupe IS — Stmr San Pedro, hence
June 12.
Sailed Jun« 15— Stmr Coos Bay. for San
Francisco; *chr Wawona, for Ballard: »chr
Dauntless, foe Grays Harbor.
ASTORIA — Arrived June 15— Ger atmr Ara
bia, from ' Hongkong.
Sailed June 15— Stmr Whittler, for San
Francisco.
Arrived June 13 — Stmr Aurella, hence
June 11.
PORT LL'DLOW— Sailed June 15— Schr
Maria E Smith, for Guayaquil; schr Mahu
koaa. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed . June 14 — Strar Phoenix,
for San Francisco. > June 13 — Stmr Corona,
for San Francisco.
COOS BAY — Failed June 15— Stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 15—
Stmr San Pedro, hence June 13. and a&tied'for
Redondo.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Jane 15— Strar
Rainier. h«nce June 10.
-- WE8TPORT — Sailed June 15 — Stmr Gualala.
for Kan Franrinco. ' .
PORT TOWN SEND— Arrived Jua« 15— Schr
SPOKEN
Stmr Geo lyxini.'s-. Badcer, Radondo.
Stinr National City. Hammer. Fort Bragg.
Ptmr laqua, Jorreneon. .
Bktn John Smith. Wick. Columbia River.
Schr Jennie Griffin. *rTb«on. Bollnas.
Srhr Jrnn'.e. Wand, Christiansen, Grays
Harbor.
Schr F^arlfss. l,llye<jul*t, Belllnitham.
Schr Saivatnr, Obera:. Port Gambi«.
Wednesday, June 15.
D S stmr Paul Jones, Davidson. Port Tnwn
aend.
C S strr.r Prebfe. Ffnton. Port Towngend.
V S sttrtr Wyomine. Cottman, Port Town
rend.
Stmr No*o. Johr.son, Eurrka.
Stmr Maxtrie. Ccrnlcf;. HilfmiKin Bay.
Stmr F A Kllbum, Jahnsen. Port Rodders.
Stmr Santa MonI-«, Ol^en, Redondo.
Stmr S&mca. Mad«en, San Pedro.
Strnr Arctic. NeiBnn, Eureka.
Stmr Pomcna. Swansen. Eureka.
Stmr Whitesboro, « >lsen. Greenwood.
Stmr Pel None, Payne. Crescent City.
Stmr Breakwater. Seamaji, Cocs Bay.
Stmr Brunswick. Ellefs'n. Fort Brars.
SAILED
Wednesday. June 15.
Srmr Pomor.a. Swanson. Eureka; Pacific
Coast SteamshiD ComDany.
Stmr Str.te el California. Nlcolson. San Di
cg-n; Paclftc Coast Steamship Comrany.
Stmr Bonita. I^ebl'. San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr CMumbla. Doran. Astoria; Ores;on
P.atlroad an>l Navtcatlon Conipany.
CLEARED.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. June 15.
D S stmr Buford. 34 days from Manila, via
Nagasaki 27 days, vta Honolulu 10 days.
L' S itrar Albatros>s. Swift. 10 hours from
Santa Cr?z. '
Stmr Umatil'a. Xorander, 57 hours from
Victoria.
Stmr Phoenix. Od!and. M hcurs from Eureka.
Fimr F A Kl'burn. Jahna-r!, 7 hours from
Port Rcdsers.
Stmr Santa Mcr.ica, Olsen. W hours frogi
Gnya Hr.rbor.
Stmr Brooklyn. Jobansen, 15 hours from
Me ndcclno.
Stmr Samoa, Mads°n, 1<5 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Eureka. Josaen. 24 hours from Eureka.
Strr.r W*&tport, Smith, Is hours from West
tort.
Stmr Iaqua, Jorarenscn. 22 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr MaeEi?. Carnina-. 4 hours from Half
mnon Bay.
Schr A B Jchnaon, Begethorst. 3^i days from
Grays Harbor.
S<hr Booiiel, Denn«tt. 6 daya frcm Port
Blakelry.
Schr Alpha, Jens-p.. 3 days from Astoria.
Shipping" Intelligence.
f. e.. at noon of the 12Cth merHian cr at S
p. ai* Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. IT. S. N.. In charge.
TO ARRIVE.
Steajrer.. From. ! Due.
Lexer Hambui-r & Way Port? June 16
S. Barbara.. . . ! San P»<iro 'June 1«
Arcata | Ccob Bay i Pt. Orford . : June lti
America:; New York Uur.e li:
Corona j Homboldt Jane !•}
; Poirt Ar-r.a.. :Meniocino &¦ Pt. Arena. June U
fattiKca... <an Dl go & War Pts.iJur.e 16
! J. H.ssins r.f&oz&B Jun* 1*
• Coo* Bay San Fttfro & Way Pt5.June 17
1 fan J'ff N'w Turk via I'.i-j.r.i. Jur.t 17
I <i. W. E!<icr.. Portland & Astoria Jane IS
R. Dollar Redor.do 'June IS
' Ante Eel River Port? June IS
! 'I. Urdauer.: Cr»y* Harbor 'June H'
| San Pedro San Pedro... June 19
! Centennial 'Seattle & Tacoma June 10
Elixab tr, Co-.u; :> River Jure 19
Tctrona ; numtildt 'June 1!)
Usqucla ; Wiilara Harbor 'June 13
Eureka ¦ Hiimbcldt June 20
Alliance P^rtiar.1 & Way Ports. June CO
State of Cal.. i San Dle^o t Way Pti.Jjne S>
Que«n i TuRet found Ports 'June 20.
ALsrr.eda ' Hono!"Iu 'June 21
Chico '< Pot: land ft Astoria ;jua* 21
F->rn«..... ¦ Point Arena & Albion. 'June 21
Bor-i-a Newport i Way Porta.June 21
Reint»r S*att> & BeHInchsni. .'June 21
Aurelia 'Portland & Astoria. .. .June 22
North Fork . . . Hcmtioldt June 22
Ne\adan Hcnolula & Kahulul. .'Jnne 2:1
City Pacarr.a. Neir Tork via Panama. June 23
«"Vumbla Portland & Astoria. .. .June S3
CttJT Puebla.. Pujret Sound Ports !June 23
TO SAIL.
Strarner. [ Dertf nation. I Sails-! Pier.
Jc-e 16. '
Ccmnado... ,Ora}-s Harbor < 4 prn^Plfr 11
Bon'ta ! Newport A Way...! 9 am Pier 11
Ventura 'Sydney St Wav Pts.| 2 pmiPUr 7
Jeanie Seattle A Ticoma. 1 5 pm' Pier 20
Columbia...! Astoria & Fortlanj;il am Pic 24
State of CaL.Pan Diero & Way.- 0 am P>r 11
Porao Pt Ar»na & All»lon' 6 pralPler 2
Non.h Fork. Humboldt | 5 praiPier 20
June 17. | I
Arcata. 'Coo* B. 4 Pt. Orfd.12 rnlPler in
S Barbara..! Grays Harbor J « pm Pier 2
Eureka : Hurr.boldt ! 0 arn ; P!er 13
Jaaa 13. j !
Corona j Humbo'.dt |l:3O p!Pler 9
Pr. Arena. .. Point Arena I •? pm'Pler 2
O.ty Prklnar.iN. T. vta Panama|12 m : Pier 40
Ju=e 19. | |
S. Rosa Pan Diego A Way.l 9 ara Pier 11
Uciatli'.a ' Puget Sound Porta.'ll am Pier 3
June 20. ( |
San Pedro. . : HuTr.bo'.dt ,10 am Pier 2
Argo Ke! River Ports...' 4 pm'Pler 2
Cooa Bay... :?an Pedro * Way.! 0 amiPler 11
Jus* 21. t I
Pomona ) Hurrboldt il :.1O p Pl»r 0
Elizabeth... Coqui'.le River I 3 pm'Pler 20
G. W. EUler Astoria &¦ Portland'll am Pier 2t
Jnae 22. I !
AUIaocc Eureka & Coos B.I 3 pm'Pler 10
Coptic Ctina. A Jaran....j I pm!Plcr 4'>
Jnae 23. ( j
Sequoia 'Willapa Harbor I 4 pm'Pler 20
G. Llndauer riray* Harbor I JPler —
Jose 24. I I
Queen '"ucet Sound Ports.lll am!Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle A T*coma.; 3 pmlPler 20
Jnne 25. | f
Alameda Honolulu !11 am Pier 7
San Joae N. T. via Panama. (12 m'Pipr 40
Rainier Seattle A Bilngham: 4 pnrPler 10
Nfwbarg... Grays Harbor I 4 pm'Pler 10
Aurella Artoria A Portland) 4 pm.Pler 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. j For. | Smlls.
Santa Ana. ' CookJi Inlet A War Pts. June 1«
DirlS" Skaarway A Way Ports. June 18
Al-Kl Ekaarway A Wav Ports. 'June 24
Oreajoo yiome A St. Michael. . 'June 25
Victoria Nome A Way Ports. . .'June 25
Cottage City..' Fkajrway A Way Ports. Uune 27
Hurr.boldt f Fkagway A Way Ports.! June 28
Dol'hln Fkagway A Vary Ports. Jnn« 2S
Farallon Fkaarway A Way Ports. 'June 2S
Eacta Clara.. ' Valdet A Seward IJune 23
ualL . .
Ths Buford was ten days corning up
from Honolulu. Ker passengers includ
•-¦i the following named:
M:>. J. E. Daacfccrty. His* E. Caldweii. M.
J Ca>t> iir."i si>. Mrs. A. Hrvan. llirs Helen
HTCS. I). X. Evan?. J. J. Harris. Misa M. N.
M;tfh»:i. E. E. Kun.l«. P. J. Kearn-y. \V. W.
Lewis. H. A. Unr^iac. T. Hoisaon. A. J.
F:it. W. O. Mocr«\ E. V Gutsta. Dr. M. E.
• '. !,r r. Mrs. « i.-»r..i ¦ -. C. J. Uthoff. L. J.
Lsrr.txrt. F. F. Barker. Miss CmamBMX*. T.
<a5*.naT». C. J. Brcren. E. M. £aJc?n. G. J.
Kefir, v E. Aver. R. C. Orman. W. D.
XVinioin. I, W. Hsur. Mr*. L. M*!n. Hllt'.n
::« - J. E. La»k;>tt. L*-o Ba.orei*fie!<l, J. E.
NorthT-jp. <7. E. B-nTK»tt. H. «i. La>m53&. I*. R.
Btakdensx D. I— Blar*. Mr?. L>. L. B'.ack.
Mary Slack. T. W. Co\-ertsrn. Mrs. Balfe.
V.tn L. J Balfe. E'.Ha CCrnwell. Mm. Ccrn
wrM, WHimS Corsw«H. Mies N. G. Matr- n.
Mr*. G. D. Scott. Philip 8<™tt. F. D. Baker.
Mrs. F. D. Baker. C l*TKe. W. r. Hayes.
Dr. W T. D&n<l*<:n. Mrs. A. G. Mink. Harold
M:pk. R. T. Harrell. John Nunkerrt?. T. F.
Hmlle*toti. C. Crawler. J. Hollwarth. C H.
Howard. R. Peterron. Sto»twtri — A. J.
Bpr.wn. T. Ryan, J. Olwn. W. Dean. L.
Gritxraan.
.^ir.-.* r J. X»;rr. Th? Srerr.an thre^tene-J
ICt : .¦ with ; ersona.1 violence and the
• n£ir>< l «>r landed on Kaaius' jaw, break
ins it- The grexnaa v.as left in the
riiftrine Lc^r-itsl "t Hcrciu'.u. Kerr was
.arrested oa board the Buford yesterday
< n th* ctrer.jrth of a cablegram from
Efosdcln. He was released on JS<»)
\ eittfu! voyage from Manila. she
brxmghX sixt" cabin ns-sseUte^rs. eleven
¦ i.tU'tls and eighteen stowaway a. Heavy
weather was encountered between
ii<-?r.o!ulu and this r-^rt.
There was considerable friction dur
ing the vo;-nge between ofTic-ers anl
•- itv.. but ihe en!" serious outbreak oc
«urrtd during the »es3ti"s stay at
-Cr^asaki. F. P..ii3us. a fireman, be
< a:..o ;r-£clent to Third Assistant En-
Th*> army trar.s'xirt Buford. which
has beer. foQovfns in the wake of the
L-^grar.. arrived yesterday after an un^-
Movement* of Steamers.
r.^ai*. 170 rt canr,€d aborts. 43 r^KS ir.*ch'n»ry.
¦'-'.I !b» leaf tobacco, J ilrjsi* *ri'!. I r".K
'.-.-iher. snVt lb« pig tin, 7 hxs CMgt, 3 pkg*
.!rus*. S teles twine. 'J4 rails ruu£cs.
KITED PT^TCS KEVE.NTE iTTTER DANIEL. MAXNIXG. tNDER ORDERS TO GO TO SEA IX SEARCH OF THE OVERDCE
UOSBSCXS BAIJK HOI-LISWOOD. WHICH WAS SPOKEX OFF THIS PORT OX MAY 23 AXD SUPPLIED WITH PRO
VISIONS CY THE RARK PRUSSIA.
Other affidavits were read to show
the value of the company's property
and the mistakes which had been made
In putting upon the plant the valua
tion which the company claimed.''
The company intends to introduce
several mo.re affidavits this morning
and then proceed with the argument.
According to stipulation each side will
be allowed two hours In which to pre
sent Its side, after which the matter
will be taken under advisement.
At the afternoon session a lengthy
affidavit was presented, with the signa
ture of Mayor OIney attached. That
document went into the political sig
nificance of the application for the in
junction, and also the value of the
property of the company.
The company claimed that the city
had not fixed the rates at the time it
should have done so. The city claimed
the Council was ready to fix- the rates
in February, but the company failed
to furnish the facts asked for, and on
that account it was impossible to take
action until the latter part of May.
Affidavits were submitted by mem
bers of the City Council to show that
all the data obtainable by the Coun
cil was considered when the rates were
fixed and that there was no guesswork
in connection with the conclusion
reached.
. POLITICS INCLUDED.
The contention that the City Council
had been the cause of the drop In the
price of the company's stock was de
nied. It was claimed by the city that
there had been a great increase in the
consumption of water since the law of
1902 fixed the rates, and that the com
pany had almost doubled its number of
patron3.
The complaint also said that due al
lowance was not made by the Council
in fixing the rates for operating ex
penses. In response to that the city pre-
; f nted an itemized account of expenses
•vhich the company included in its
•.'laim as costs of maintenance, which
had Included such Items as funerals,
receptions, decorations and carriage
hire In such numbers that the court
asked that the lump sum be named
and th« Items left for consideration
later. McEnerney said such institu
tions were called upon to contribute to
such affairs Just as much as they were
to pay debts, and he could see no rea
son why they should not be charged to
operating expenses.
PUBLIC NOT PHILANTHROPISTS.
Mr. Davis took the ground that there
was no reason why the public should
be used to keep up the company's phil
anthropic reputation. It was not the
amount involved, but the principle. At
the same time the amount upon which
the city would have to base its fixing
of the rates would be Increased In the
aggregate.
When the case was adjourned Thurs
day it was understood that the city of
Oakland would be allowed to present
affidavits on Wednesday to establish
an answer to those presented by the
company. When the case was called
yesterday morning Attorney Davis for
the city read the answer to the com
plaint fiTed by the company. The an
swer was a general denial of the com
plaint, and quoted figures relative to
the revenue of the company, to which
Mr. MeEnerner objected, but his objec
tion was overruled. The complaint
claimed a valuation of $S,5OQ.OOO, while
the city had accepted the figures pre
sented by experts and had fixed the
water rates on a valuation of $4,000,000.
DEW STOCK PRICES.
Attorneys for the Contra Costa Water
Company and those for the city of Oak
land in the suit for an interlocutory
injunction to restrain the bay city from
putting into effect the water rates es
tablished by the City Council must
complete their work to-day, for Judge
Gilbert of the United States Court of
Appeals will leave for his home in
Portland to-night and desires to hear
all the facts before his departure. With
that understanding each side will be
limited to two hours to-day for the
presentation of arguments.
"My opinion is that the Algoa had
too much starboard helm and that la
why she went ashore. The rocks were
on the starboard bow when we let go
the port anchor."
The investigation will be resumed at
10:30 o'clock this morning.
Courtenay W. C. I. E. Bennett, Con
sul General for Great Britain and Ire
land at this port, yesterday began an'
investigation into the causes which led
to the grounding of th^ British steam
er Algoa on Point Bonita on the morn
ins of June 7.
Albert Lockett, master of the Algoa,
testified that shortly before the ship
struck he rang the engineer to "stand
by" to avoid the danger of a col
lision with a bark that waa be
ing towed out to sea by the
tug Reliance. As the vessel would not
lose headway fast enough to go out
straight without striking the bark he
ordered the helm put to starboard to
pass astern of her, and then he put the
helm hard a-port so as to meet her
and enter the channel on the running
tide. But the tide caught the ship on
the starboard bow and her head
swung fast to port. He then let go the
starboard anchor to check her head
from swinging to port, which it did.
At the same time the engines were put
full speed ahead. The anchor carried
away and First Mate Andrew Nelson,
seeing it go, let go the port anchor
without orders, thereby checking the
ship's head from swinging clear, h«
not seeing that the ship would have
come clear. At the time ' the ship
struck the rock there were thirty fath
oms of water on the port anchor. All
hla orders to the engine-room, he, said,
were faithfully and promptly carried
out. and the Chinese crew behaved ad
mirably.
Third Officer William M. Lloyd said
that he thought the captain made a
mistake when he gave the order "hard
a-stacboard." At that time the witness
heard the captain say something about
the bark that was being towed out of
the harbor and stamped, his foot. Then
the ship took a sudden sheer and
struck, notwithstanding the captain's
later order of "hard a-port." /
Charles Thomas Stein, a quartermas
ter, swore that when the order^ "hard
a-starboard" was given It was to get
out of the way of the bark that was
being towed.
Charle3 L. Patterson, second mate,
testified that a mate would never let
a ship go ashore with the anchor on
the bow.
Points of Law and Fact
Each Side Will Be Allowed
Two Hours for Arguing
Two Contrary Orders Given
in Eapid Succession and
Opinion Divided in Case
EVIDENCE IS COMPLETE
Trcopar Follows in Weke of the Logan, but at More Leisurely feait.
Voyage Is Enlivened by Friction Between Officers and Crew, Which Cul
minates in Fight in Which Engineer Breaks a Saucy Fireman's Jaw
City Replies to Claims of
Water Company on Appli
cation for an Injunction
SHIP SWINGS OX KOCK
Consul Bennett Begins In
quiry Into ' Grounding
of the Giant Freighter
OAKLAND'S SIDE
IS PRESENTED.
ALGOA WRECK
INVESTIGATED
ARMY TRANSPORT BUFORD TAKES TEN
OAYS TO COME UP FROM HONOLULU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,. JUNE 16, 1904.'
11
RAILWAY TRAVEti.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEE
r/K fF/fCISCO /HO NORTH PAGIFi:
EAnWAY C0MPA1TY.
Tiaoroa Perry, Foct of Market Street.
' SAN FRAWCISCO TO 3ACT BAFAEL.
I WTEK DATS— 7:30. R:CO. 0:00. ll:0O a. m;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
' p. n».
Paturdxys^ — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:.U>. 8:00. 9:30. ll:COa- m.; 1:30
j 2:30. 3:40. 5:10, «:30. 1:30 p. rn.
; SA2T KAFASI. TO SAZT 7SAKCISCO.
I WEEK DATS — R:C5. «:5O. 7:35 1:16. »"0
11:13 a. m.; 12:50. t2:(X\ 3:40. 5:00. 5:2o! I
; fi::5 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:43
p. rn.
, SU.VDAT?— fi:50. 7:S5. 9:20. 11:15 a. m • 1-43
3:40. 4:50. 5:0a 5:20. 8:23. 7:50 p. m. tEi-
cpt Saturdays. .
Leave I In E.Twt I Arrive
, San rran^ I May 1. 1004. | San Fran.
Week J Fun- | Destina- 1 Sun- I Week"
DayiuJ daya.j Uodl l^days. JDayt.
7:."»a 7:43a 7:43a
7:S0a S:C«>a 9:40 a S:4Oa
? :0O a ft :30 a Ignaclo. 10 :20 a 10 :2O a
2r30p 2:30 p 6:00 p «:20p
5:10 p 5:10 p «:20 p 7:23 p
w- »¦»?• 3:43 p
7:.iOa! 7:10 a 7 :43"a 7:43 a
• •00 a S:Oi>a Xavato. 10:20 a 10:20 a '
2:30 p 9:30 a Petatuma 4:20 p «:20 p
5:10 p 2:.1rtp and 7:2.1 p 7:23 p ,
3:10 p .. Santa Ro«a. S:43p
7:30 a! 7:30 a jlO:23a 10::ji
S:t)Oa| «:fOa Pulton. | 7:23 p «:20 p !
2:30 p| 2:30 p | 8:45 p 7:25 p j
"Wlndnrrr. * 1
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:3Op 2:30 p GeyservlHe. 7:23 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a! 7:.*.0a| Hor'and 110:207110:50 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:23 p| 7:23 p [
' : I I WJIMU! li I
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. I 7:23 pf 7:23 p i
S:COa! 4:0<Ka| Gueraevllle and 110:20 a!10:20 a !
2:30 pj 2 :-10 p|_Camp Vacation, j 8:43 p| 8:20 p
S:0Oa| S:fOa| '¦) S:40 a| 8:40 a
0:10 pi n:."kOa " Ponoma. I fl:COp| 6:20 p
|5:l0p| Glen Ellen. | 8 :45 p|
T:30a! 7 :30 a [ iTo~2Oa Tiolioa !
' 2:30 pi 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:23 p| 8:20 pj
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White '
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs' at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers, lioone-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan '
Springs, highland Springs. Kelseyvlile, Carls-!
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Barttett '
Springs; a* Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga !
Springs. Bine Lakes Laurel Dell Lake. Witter j
Spring*. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lterley's. BuckneilY
Banhedrln Heights. Hallvllle. OzTs Hct
Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Canm
Stevens. Hopkins. Meadoetno City. Fort Bragg
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton- '
vllle. Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsens
Dyer. GarbervUle. Pepperwood.' Scotia and Eu--<
reka. . • '
Saturday to Monday roand-trlp tlekeu it re-
duced rates..
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. ' K. X. RTAN. •
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act. >
. - ADVEBTTSSM UNI3. _
. C8S330b0rC8aC8CW80fOOiCe»^
I FREE TO MEN! I
I /^ And Women, Too! I
'•% \a •HF /J^!?^ ' Do y oxi to be • d'sT. hasJcy raaa.
k \Sj I fik^uC with vlra and power tn your «vtry action. J;
O •* >sf^ f 7^"«fl with coura4T«. aslf-confldence and a.-abl-
5 y->^S^fjSw \-i. X9 tlon to -do thlars"? Do you wwt, w i«t ?;
' S /// / r*?? H^ V isHrT rid of tnat f e-Ung of rlooa. taat weak- g ;
i g: y^Syl / VT7 i^fev^%* cess In your back, that nervous, worn- ?:
W (M'Pr^ \ r '*|M»* >^ g^r' r * o«- fe«Hng which utSts you for bnalaess c ,
O VTSi^t gRfWjB, yBfk over, to hold up your h«*d with ths *,
Q r^*W* 4£?7&8ftof\ V <^ knowledge that you are the ratn that n»- ?,
8 Sftft Vw5^bF S" [( \ 1%£§ ture meant you to b-? *./-.£!
« P«t>W JW^>- TPyrb^rlB* I *now that no raan r«-aa!na a wsak- $
§ Wtrt it£§£t*x: S-rCJTlkrM lint because h» wants ty. I a=a iur» ,-c
p f e * > y. ii Sss^cgi . that yoti want to overcoma ev»ry Indies.- g;
6 VG&Til«7?-T»a«LO3^si? tlon at early decay that has shown lts«lf ?;
: Q cr. you. I don't thlr.k the aan Urea who ?
! Q <s**~^ RSlgCrStC SS^L>^^ X *** would not Hie to fe-1 ss tig and stronj ?
1 P; f u!n..i.i.unt' as » Sandow. end I kcow that It ywa q
• Q, • have a reasonable foundation to build
- * upon I can make you a bigger man thaa you rrer hop«d tob«. I want you .-»
, S toknow that, you who cant believ* It. aad I want you to har« my book J$
! Q In which I describ* bow I learned that strength waa only elestrtctty. aad *
i 8 how I learned to restore It: alao I want to tell you the names of somt men
fi who will tell you that when they came to rae they w«re physical *rK««. 3
j 8 and are now amonff th« finest «p«clsien8 of physical manhood. -
1 X I caa do Just aa much for wom-a as for men. I have taouaanda of let- J
'3 ter« from grateful women, who had spent years and money tryla« t» t*t h
I <3 relief from drug*. «nd who came to me as a last r*sort and ar« cuTsd aorw. t
; |3 Why should you be sufferins g
i ;3 when you know that your friends vSVw \\\1l*// t
¦ :§ Why. the money you spend for J^^lX2£y#^Kl ••^^ttiat'x^ 5
i O druses in a f«w months. If Invested . juti*£ZtfA-~\ JW' &**r^Wvi*jS r
I fi in my treatment, will asaure you «^™BSH^£5k3i^&»^K^^rlB|^a <
2 fo^this book with the proof that 1 i
¦ W can give you, and you will b* con- oge^w^c*"gyj, 1 - t-l^w&^-sj^' \ • ' y **i /
I O this book r.o-w. If you will tnelos? ltI^-^- » i t "^f^^iyT- J '*^ £
: S this ad. I will send It sealed. fr»e. 'A'VtiS^**^ c
'. :5 and will aiTe you the name* of • •* ¦
! S reirTeirV'o^'he'taer 11 ? SST^ar. y<« or not. If you will teU — y~r \
j g trouble*. Call. If posalble. for frs« consralUtloa. V
I Dr-M-CMcLaughlin.^SfL^J. 1 I
I RAILWAY TRAVEL* I
p*J^§it* A Mill 1 W^S^^
Tbe Oaly Double-Track Railway Between
tHe Missouri Rjver aad Chlca ja
The
The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric Lighted Throughout.
Buftet-smoklng cars, with birbw
and bath, Eooklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
L,ess than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Sonthern Pacific,
Union Pacific and
Chicago & North-Western Rys. I
Leaves £an Francisco daily tt 10 1. b.
Two ether traica daily at 9 a. m. aad
(a, ffl.
Yet tickets, »le«ptr.j ear rsserrations and
full informatioa apply to agents Soetfaem
Paci£c Co.. or
R. R. RITCHIE.
Ceaenl Ageat Cil^iji ft Xorth-Westefa *»-•»/.
61? Mtrket Street,
SAS FRAXCISCO^CAU
\ LIMITED TO CHICAC \
i LEATES MOHDATS ani THUSSliTS
3 at !):;»<) a, bu tJiron^a Is 3 days, H
9 with dlaer and all trapplag* ffl
Other Saata re Trains:
7 :30 a. m. 1 for gtcckton. Fresno. BakenSeld.
S-00 p! mj M*"^ 1 - Haa'ord and Vlsalla.
l:COp. m. for Stockton.
S:CO p. m. frr Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TZC3ST OrriCXS — 641 ilaiiet St. aad
Ttrry Depot. S. P. Alao Ilia Bread-
way. Oakland. CaL 27 Souti First St,
Saa Jose.
|^^MH| R °S5 VALLEY.
l^^^w^^l MILL VALLEY,
;^^^^^! CAZADERO, Etc.
: iSBl^S^3S» TUSansaUtorarrr.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STA.NbAKO UALUE.
tieparf trom San Francisco, week dara. at
6:30 7:10. 7:45 b:3O »:15. lo:0u, ll:t)U a. m.
(U:+u a. m. Sausallte only). 1-.' •.-.). l:ii, 3:13.
4:00 4:33. 5:15. 5:50. «:23, 7:15. 9:C0. 10:2*
11 ;3i p m. Sundays and legal hoildaj*. depart >
at 7:10. 7:45. 5:30, tt:15. lo:(X>. U:0o. 11:40
a. m. 13:20. 1:CO. 1:45. 2:3U. 3:15. 4:tO. 4:35. \
&:15. '8:5*. «:25. 7:15. 8:15. »:00. 10:20. 11:35
D- »", •
Arrive at San Francisco week days. . 6:17.
7-00 7:35. 8:14. S:45. 9:C5. 10:20. 11:03 a. m..
12 05. 1:25. 2:50. S:35. 4:20. 5:C5. 5:40. «:15.
e S5 7:55: 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
leg-at holidays extra, trains arrive at 12:43.
2:05. S:5O p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m.,
3-15 p m. 5:15 p. m. <ex. Sat.). Oa Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45. 8:30i »:15. 10:00.
llTCiO 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:CO. 1:45. 2:30. 7:13
and A: IS p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. rn dally — Cazadero and way station*.
9:13 a. m.. Sundays oaly— For Point Reyes,
etc.
3:13 p. tru. daily except Sunday — For Caia-
dero, etc.
5:15 p. m.. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
8:13 p. m.. Sundays only — For Caaadero. ate,
TICKET OFFICE— «2t{ Market St.
FERRT— Unlcn Depot, foot of Market St.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Ha hmlili Ferrr - Arrive "
San Fraucitco tttt *f sUtttt a. Saa Francisco
Week Boa- gJL- bau> Weefc
Dayi. dsTiJ. XSflm 3?k rtft T^- Par*.
— 830>A RaT^©^ 12:45 P* a-.43~4
.... 10:00a SSfeSkSSF 2:O4pMl[05\
10:00a 11:00a %[«£<«B£7 3:35 p 3:35 p
1:43 r 12:20 r Y^aSi8^ 6:40 p 6:15 I
•Jft:l5p, 1:45 p r 6:15 p 10-.05 t
". I 4;3Sf 8:50 r ........
* TU traritT Car. * TiaaJsah U itU T>T«t.
Ticarr )82> Market St. (Xorth Shore Railroad)
Omen land Fkrxt. Foot Market ii '
RAILWAY^ TRAVEL.
f^S. Trmrasj leave and »ra> d«»
SAN FRANCISCO.
7W r»o« j«m« u no*.
y fmr Dwnrr
(Toot of Market Street >
!..«>, - MAIN LINE. -
7 CQ\. V«e»T:.:-. Wln^r*. Ram»«r 7 6C»
7 COa Baalcta. Sr.Uua. Klalraaad Saerv
oeato 7-28a>
7 JCa TaJIeia. N»pa. Callataca. Saata
Rom. Martlaes. Sasj Ramon § 2C»
7 53 a NI>«. LlTenaora. Tracy. LainroK
Sloetron 7.20»
t Ka Sb«»t» Rxpreav— (Vis, L-»*:i>.
wt::um» (for C»r:>t: S?rlar«>.
Vlilowa. ?•'rrtto. iseci UJnS.
r<w'J«n.|. Tacoraa. ~-»ri> 7.38*
• COa D»»!». TTi> J .! t «o.i. Kolxliu L.»oil:a<.
Uary«vllla. Orovllla 7-&C»
8-5CA rort Coat*. Ma.-fa-s. Ac::ocX
B-ron. Tracr. S:.>c ;:ui. S>w-
¦via. Lea H«ao*. Ueadota.
Arson*. Ilajfor-J. Ttsatla.
Porterrfll* tjt*
$ -SO A Fort Cci:*. Lsthrop. Mod»ll<v
liereed. Freson. i.-'«a?ti Jaae-
t'on. Iiaaford. Vltalla. Bakers-
fleM iS0»
I-ICa M!m. Saa Joao. Llvermor*. Stock-
ton. (tUllron). loai*. 8acrame*t«,
rtaeerrtlla, Marysvtne. Ca!c<v
Rs«l m«S 4-*fl»
B 30a Oakiale. CU!aea«. Jaraessowa. So>
¦ora. TaoJumae s*4 Angela .. 4-3fl*
9-CCa AtTaatieRxpreaa— Og4ea asd Kaat. 11.2Ca
»-SCa niehmoad. MarUaes asd Way
Suiioii t5C»
10CCU Tba Ovsr)aa4 Umlted — Ogles.
DeaTer. Omaha. Caicaga. 8-2fl»
10COA TUleJ. .„ \ZX0*
10-OOa Lr* iniri" Pasaeager — Port
Costa. Martra«i. Rrroa. Traey.
lAtorosv. Stock toa Mereed.
Baysaood. Freso«. Ooab^n Jvao-
tlca. n»aford. Lewoore. TIaaila.
BakenAeM. him Asgelaa 7.20*
!I.rC»< Bayward. Kiie* aa4 War 3*aOona. J-2C»
t1JM> B '8acra]aesf9ntv«r Steamers-. t11.80>*
3 -3BP Beolcla. Wlstera. Sacrassenta.
Woo.l!»nd, KntglMs Lasdlag.
sfarjtvil)*. OtovtUa asd wsy
itsUoaa 10M*
l-5C»Uirw«r4.Nneaa=d Wav 9raih«i.. / 50»
33Cp Port Coat*. Martia«z. Byroa.
Tracy. Lataro*. MoJtili.
M«r«*4. Bereatfa. Frnao asd
Way Stxtlous bey oad Port Goata 12-13*
SZOp To»-x!:« Vsney. via Beresnla aad
Wawoaa I-5CA
3-IOp Virtlaex.Tr.rr. stoct:o». Lodi... M 23*
4.CCP ilsrt:aet.Si>n lU.uoi. Vs:i*jo.Nap«.
CalUCoga. 6wu Koaav S-20*
< CCp VUea. Tracv. Stockton. Lo4l 4.2Co
4 J8p Hm)r»»rd. v !!ea. IrTlsgtoa. Saaj t8.5C*,
. __ J«a«. LI»arm«r» > 111.50*
ICCPTba Ovl Ualtas)— Sewsa>n. 1m*
IIidui. Mi-n.'i«». Fn»»o«. Talara.
« -_ U«Ver»Se;d. loiAitOi ....... S-50*
•XCp rert Coau. Tracy. Btoekuia 12.W»
tS JCp Havward. Nile* asd *an Jo*a .„„ 7-264
6 CCp Usywara. Sl!-» «utl 6aa.Jos* 3 50*
• XOp Euter-i bUstt**— Osrtea, D«srr«r.
. Oasaaa. fii. LonU. Csicago ao4
Eaat. via Port Cssta, Ritna,
Kimlr*. Datia. Sacramestow Cot-
'I' fax. Ueao I 22»
¦ .OCp Tsllejo. dally, except Suavity • . .._
7£0r TaHeK »a»4»r <w.y f 7 ••"">
7 CCp ktrhiuusid. «*a PtUlo. fcrt Costs.
MsrUnes and Way #Mtlona 11.28a
'-CCp Crecoa A C«!ifomu Kxsrvta— ftae-
raraeBto. U^ryavtil*. Ca^dlaz.
Portland, ragel SowoJaailXJWt. S-SOA
8 CSp Beno rasaeager— 1'urt Coau>. S«i-
sna. ICimtra. Lravfa. Sacrameata.
Truckee. Lake Tahu«. and Wsy
StaUon* hfjoai »»cr»rata^>. . .. 7-53*
I.1CP Bay* ard. N!'.e» aad Saa Joie (Sua-
daroBtTi t1.BC*
COAST LINE «>arr-w tiaas^W
i <f"u-it nf U»m-t atrg»t >
7 45* Santa Crax Kicor»!^n«jion<3*y anly> 81C»
6-1ca Srwark. Oesfer»nie. Si- Jo««.
Fslma. rtooKer Creek. C.'zEafia.
Hants Cms an.l W*y «:.v!obi... 5 55»
T9-1Sa Alvarado. Xewark. Saa Joai-. Los
¦ - « - fijri:#,6>avi)M, feiroa. ItosJder
Creek, nit n*«tn. Saata Crux... I 1C»
tZ.ISp Xrwark. Centrrrlll*. Saa Jos*.
New A;m«Jrn. Loa O t :o». ft , t.ia.
B»«!<«t Ci«ck, Soar* Crai aad
Pr)ac'«»: \fty St«t:.T« 13^5^
d Up Newark. Saa Jose. Loa Oatos asd
waystatloo* ti&3j»
4-15p Wrlgllt. Tf.uti. DovMer Creek and
Santa Crr.i. f t - ;r»l »j aad 9aadsy
, «»tv »8 85*
m OAKLAND HARDOR FERRY?"*
-r.-.a »:w 1I:«o*.m. 1C0 3 CO 5.15V*
from OAKLAND, fout of V.f- ¦%«¦¦»»} — '»¦« u.m
18:S» !>:>«>*¦¦¦ 12 CO 2 CO 4.C0 r.a.
COAST LINE (Br»«4 •¦»«•).
Or-rfhlrd »a<l T»*nvn:ml Scraela.)
¦ If A Sau Joa« aa.l Way Stations. 8 J^i
?7 CCa Saa Jixie »b«I W»y 9UU<*a. 5 4C»
7.15a Uoaterey aad Santa Cra> Eicar
»U.n (Ssadaynnlj) 10-3C*
¦ 4>Ca New Alsnadeo <T.i'«.. KrIJ.. only). 4.1Q»
• OTA The Co»»trr— 9i.»{v« oaly a»i« Jua*.
UlTro* (ennaecrtnn far Hot;is-
ter). Pajaro. Caatnnllla (caa-
sectioa to aaU from Mootervy
aad l'»c!1r K.rarr >. Sarraaa. Saa
Artlo. P»»o llublea Aaata Jfar-
fsrtta. Saa Lois Obl»p<K p rinctp*!
•tsduesiaeaim Sirf id^naectlm
for Lompoc). prino!;m! tuUuM
taeoc* danui U>r"><r".. J -n D3«a»-
veatnra. MunfilTn. Or a -'.. "'ar-
baok. Lim Angptea tS.<S»>
fl.OOA Saa Jcs*. Tm rtaxta. Cvpltoia,
SaaiaCriU.r*ciarnr<>*«.!toltaaa.
S«B Lais ottiapu sad TrtBctpal
W»j Station* 4-l?P
10 JfA Jaa J»as aad Way 3ti::o-i«. • 1,J0»
11 i(A S»uta Clara. !>an Jote. L-« Cstoa
aad W«» gialtuaa 7.30a>
IJCp Saa Jo»e and W»t Statloaa • 36*.
tj ll» Del Moni> Ktpr-«» — Saaca Clara.
Saa Jaar. Dri Vloote. M.-nfT'r.
Pacldc Orove (nraaect.* at
Ctera. exeept Sunday, fur S .a:»
Crax. JVMlder «.r»k ••».) Narrow
Gaa;rPolal») 12-I5»
S4CP Faclfle Grove w»v Pmniir, Jinr-
Mavssse. Saa J.<»e and Wav Aiar*
tlooa. conn»rt« at GtlrAT for K^l-
liater, Trea Fteoa. at P«i«ro for
CapMo!*. S«ata Cru at Ca«tro-
vnie for Sallaaa. to ***
430p fan Joae xad w>t Statloas *8 COa
tt OOP Baota Clara. >«n J.-«. Lo« ttatoa.
Wrljtht aad prmctpai Way Sta-
Uons (ascent S«ndar) r9 CO*
13 30p b»a J«a« aad Prlactpal Way Si*tJor» (3 <(L*
• 4Sp Buaaet Kspreu.— Ketivood. Saa
Joae. Gllror..»«lin««.Pa»o Uohlea,
Baa Lut* vbl«ao. Santa B»f '••r*.
Loa loie'n. Iwmlax. E! P»*ix
Saw Oriaaaa. ,\>» York. Co*
sects st Pajar* for Saata Crvs
sad at CvtrovT.la for PadSo
Grorsaad Way Suttoes 713*
If 15p tat Jlitco.Def!iforti.U*iTiioBt.«M
. Carte*. Bedwoodt Fat/ Caks,
Mfa!«P»rfc. P»:.j A!to... t».4«»
6 J0p 5m J«« m-i Wif i;4i;Mi .„ S-Ma
I-OOp Faio Alto aad Way Statioas 1315*
H.Sa* South saa t naeiaeo. M Oibra«. Bor-
Uojmroe. Saa sUtaow BelSMSt,
S«a Carloa. lUdwood. T%» Oaks,
Mcalo rark. aad faio Alto $45,
sII-Kp UajBatd. tiiwauia Tlew, iaaay-
ta!e. Lswreaea. Aaata Can aad
gaaJoae tSUS*
Afor y*rai«L f tar ATtara«os>.
iSoadaj axeepud I ftaiad»» 00 ir
a Salarda? oatr- » MoO'I »r only.
f 9t*»a u all (tatted* oa Saau «j .
Orosuy tratas tloFPlag at Vai«acla St. aoatabooa*.
trt»: lu *.m_ ;:Wa.su 1:9 a. ».. U:JDa. a, J:40r.««
1:20 t. a. »aJ i.*> r. a.
Weekly Call, $1.OO per Year, ... ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 1904.
12
CLAIRVOYANTS — Contlnnrri.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDKRFUL DEMON-
STRATIONS of the NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
For a reliable -.and Intellleent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE. 42S Kddy st.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROFESSOR
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
HUtrgest the remedy.
He Is as conspicuous for hl§ wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he Is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness. - - .
Would It not be a relief to know how you
will succeed, to be reKeved of the matters that
are troubling you and of the schemes of your
enemies, that you may meet with b<Uer success?
A test reading in not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life- reading for $1. A test
Is of little value; when the rr.Ind Is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
z Permanently located 428 Eddy st. : 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names g!yer_25c up. 835 Howard. bet4th_5th.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant. Elves names, dates
and facts: readings daily. 917 Market st.
MME. MARSEAII, card reader, 645 Minna St.;
ladles 25c, gents 00c.
MME. ODELL returned ;clalrvoyant, card read-
er: tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
20 Yi Kearny, rm. 20; ladles 23c. -gents COc
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress, will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Kills st.
MRS. SHAKER clairvoyant, card reader slt-
tlngs. dally. *i8V, Jessie gt.. bet 3th and tith.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now,
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
.cleaned by * compressed air st shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. -08 Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 473.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
s#nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 2-10 Fourteenth st — First-cla?-
j carpet d'anlnc. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rlson st; Al cleaning; 3c. T»l. Mission 2-5.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating~~Worksi
303 Golden Gate avs. Telephone East 120.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tretscs made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH _ CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 203.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$17 — 6-ROOM cottage on Cottage row. ' near
Webster, bet. Sutter and • Bush. Inquire 7.
COTTAGES TO LET — FURNISHED.
SECOND ave., .411.* near Clement — Furnished
cottage: 4 rooms, piano, bath, basement, '
E3IPLOA MEXT WANTED — FKM \I.K.
A MIDDLE-AGED American woman would as-
sist in light housework; good home desired
more than high wages. 71t> Lombard st.
near Powell.
SWEDISH girl for general housework or eook-
init; good cook. Call at 711 Polk St.. bet
Eddy and Ellis.
YOUNG English woman wants cooking and
housework in small family: wages |23 to
$30. Address box 1000. Call office.
A WOMAN wants position; working house-
keeper wldower'9 family or rooming-house.
324 Mason st. Phone Black -ttOC.
AN elderly woman would like place to do light
housework; 117 Erie »t.. off Howard, near
Fourteenth.
A YOUNG woman w!?hes washing and hous--
clcanlnir by the day; wages $1 50 a day.
Apply 17H Welsh st. off Fourth, between
Bryant and Brannan '
GOOD strong American woman wants work by
the day sweeping and cleaning: a fine flannel
washer; satisfaction guarante.d. 9*1 Mlaslon
. st, bet. Fifth and Sixth, upstairs. .
WANTED — A position as laundress In some
«tnall cuuntry hutel or some institution ln
city; want a steady place; wages $25 to $30
per month. Address box 3523, Call offlce.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing. Ironing or sweeping Thursday or
Saturday; $1 50 per day and carfare. Ad-
dress box 3533. Call offlce.
STENOGRAPHER with several years of ex-
perience desires position; country preferr-'l.
Address 44 Woodward avenue, city.
WANTED— -Position as housekeeper with re-
spectable parties; small hotel or rooming-
house. Com* direct 9. 30 Pot st.
A THOROUGH fltterfip tailor and evening
gowns wants eng-gelnenta; $1 00 per day.
lOCe Larkln st.. near Post.
REFINED young lady would like position a*
lady"! companion and secretary; refined hom»
preferred; have reference. Box 3331. Call.
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer with
knowledge of bookkeeping, desires a posl-
tlon as offlce assistant. Box -OSS. Call.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes to do flannels
at her home, or washing without Ironing.
Address box 3534. Call offlce.
YOUNG girl would like a situation, house-
work. 609 Kansas st. __
SEWING by the day. good fitter; shirtwaist
suits made In a day; $2 a day. 36A 8th st
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMEXT WASTED- -MALM. _
WANTED — A Job firing by practical fireman:
several years experience In England am!
America; can run one or two boilers; well
recommended: or position as watchman. Box
2164, Call offlce.
HOTEL manager, caterer or steward; fifteen
years' references, four years as manager. C.
P. R. Railroad. Southern Pacific; hotel ar.d
club references; English; age 33; married:
no family. Box 3517. Call offlce.
NURSE (male) requires position; graduate
training school; six years' experience mental
cases; flrst-class references. P. R., 1235 Mar-
ket st.
YOUNG man and wife want positions on a
dairy; wife for general housework; man
good milker. Eox 2154. Call offlce.
A GOOD hostler and general man about place:
wife good cook and laundress; good refer-
ences. Box 1001, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants w,ork, care of horses. cow».
garden, etc.. or housework. Box 1088. Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED man desires position on
private place; experienced dairy and poultry
rr.an ami hutter-maker; conscientious and re-
liable; be3t of references; wages moderate.
Box 3520. Call offlce.
SHANGHAI. China — Gentleman wishes to rep-
resent business house in Shanghai or Hong-
kong: pos» esses business references from
Shanghai; four years' Oriental experience.
Box __O, Call office.
YOUNG man and wife want positions; wife la
jrood cook; man experienced coachman, do
gardening, etc.: city references; city or sub-
urbs. Box 1033. Call.
CARPENTER, cabinet maker; thoroughly ex-
perienced; good workman; steady, sober;
also good draughtsman; wants work; $2
a day. Box 1087. Call.
KKCTIFIER. sober and reliable, familiar with
all branches In wholesale liquor business,
war.ts sood position. Address E. MEYER.
1706 K st. Sacramento.
MACHINIST — All-around man; experienced tn
meta' patterns, locks, hardware, etc. Address
box «'C;_ti. Call cfflce.
MAN and wife; man as horse man; woman to
do housework and assist in kitchen. Box
875. Call offlce.
Hid! school student. Japanese, wants situ-
ation; work of any kind; any place. K. T. .N..
Japanese Mission. 1329 Pine st.
WANTED — Position by a flrst-class Chinese
ccok, boarding-house cr family. T. • LIEU,
1113 Clay st.; tel. Black 36S3.
NURSE, male, requires Invalid or mental
case-; town or country: flrst-class references;
thoroughly reliable. W. W., 1233 Market.
Painter, paper-hanger, slgnwrlter. wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom s_; phone Mint 131.
JAPANESE boy wants .ttuatlon at hc__ewor'«c
by half day. HIROSE. 102 Guerrero st,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillrnor..
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTINO DEPARTMENT. "
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed ln our free renting department; over 1000
ln number: a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find *
place; we never fail: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
10T59 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE McALLISTE2_
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an immense H.t;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it wll! save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-2-9
Geary St. on the square.
SHOTWELL. 1017. near Twenty-fourth— Mod-
ern sunny upper flat; key downstairs; see this
to-day. BALDWIN 4 STETSON. 317 Mont-
gomery »t.
A NICE! sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath. 730
Ellis St.. near Stelner.
GREENWICH. 403— 5-room flat $10. sun all
day: 6- room flat $11. with bath.
HAYES. esr_. cor. Buchanan— Nice sunny flat;
6 rooms and bath; modern Improvements.
LARGEST lfst of houses and flats to let Call
on I.YON A- IIOAO. 118 Montgomery *t.i-
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 paces. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET — Fl'R.M.SHKD.
HAIGHT. 1208. Buena Vista, cor. Centr_T*ave!
— Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished:
house has all conveniences and is situated la
select neighborhood.
CAPP, 614 — Furnished 5-room flat: piano* g_s
and coal stove. Call bet 11 and 4.
F1_ATS FOU SALE KLRMSIIKD.
UPPER flat. 8 nunny rooms, handsome new
carpets, for sale: rent $35. 212« Centrarave.
FTRMTIHE FOR SALE.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furnitura for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. • T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. :U0 Post st.. near Powell.
FURNITURE of a «-rocm house Tor sale: all
new; only been used a few months. Box
6CI. Call offlce.
Andersen Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market.
\ furnishes everything for the house; low prices
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold exchanged
Barirer. 4:R> Valencia, nr.lCth.Tel.Churih JiTJ
CHEAPEST place In city for second-hand fur-
nlture. OSfl Geary st Tel. Polk 1477.
FIRMTIRE AVAXTEP^
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture carpets, offlce fur-
nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate. __
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.carpets »tc. 7S2 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
_^ HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
eular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
Hous-js _ro-__a_s___a> — sxtbttsbajt.
FOR rent in Mill Valley: furnished T-room
house; bath; hot water- also furnished tea-
v For sarUcaU-s la_u;re at 103 Dav_ it.
THERE ARE THOUSANDS WRITING TO SUPPLY YOUR
SOUS D. SPKECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN McXAUGirr Manager
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TEX DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Office If You »Ilss
Your Paper.
U lor any came THE CALX, Is not de-
livered resr-larly to «ub«crll»er« plea««
call up -CAX.il E__C__AzrOE" and notiXy
Subscription Clerk in charre. Your com-
plaint will receive prompt attention.
A. Btandlnr reward of Ten Dollax-
( $1 0.00) is offered for tHe arrest and
convict-on of any one caught steal-ur
TEI call.
TELEPHONE.
Ark for THE CALL. The Operator """m Con-
nect You With the Department iou
rublication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st
Delivered by Carriers, 20 CU. Per J^ 1 '. 78
Cls. Per Month. Single Copies 6 <_«¦•
Terms fcy Mall. Including Postage (Casn vma
OrderJ : .„ „-
DAILT CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year...$8.w>
DAILY CALL <mclud. Sunday). « mos... 4.W
D AI LY C ALLr-By 81-gle Mopth « »c
EUNDAY CALL. 1 Year r-{_{
WEEKLY CA1_U1 Year ... £~ ££:££»
FOREIGN I B___i r 7 IS Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. 1 weekly 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS * ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Ea-ple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of ad-
_rers should be particular to give both .-»l_w
AND OLD ADDRESS in crder to lnsurs a
pr< mpt and correct compliance with tbelr re-
ptKSS.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKEI_EY OFFICE:
2148 C__ter Etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL \V. WALL.. ¦ Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
frlon .Quare; Murray Hill Hotel .-"Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel as d Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Uctel; Palmer House. »
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Max<iuette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. '"Central 2«1».">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
CaJl. corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IX* Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 s>- tn.
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until 8:30 _. m.
Sfio Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
<-lr« McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkln etreet: open until 9:30" p. m.
1H41 Mission street: open until 10 p. tn.
£261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 r. to.
:o« Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. tn.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets : open until 9 p. m.
t2'X> Fl'.lmore rtreet: open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL subscriber* contemplating" a
chaage of residence during 1 the summer
months can nave their paper forwarded
fcy mall to their new address toy notlfy-
lnr TEE CALL Business Offlce. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts aad Is represented by a local
agent tn aU towns on the coast.
MEETIXG XOTICES.
MISSION Charter No. 79. R. A. M. — fi
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAT)YY
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. M. M. de- /V\
tree. By order of the H P.
JOHN R. HILLMAX. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA LODGE No. 1. F.- and A m
M will meet THIS (THURSDAY) V*_T
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- ,^_^
gree. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. «
• M.— Special meeting THIS (THURS-^/V
KAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock;
third degree; Ma»ter Masons are cor-
dlally itvlted. By order of the W. M
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. «
-•i!l meet TO-DAT. at 9:30 a. m.. wVY
altnnd the funeral of our late brother. /^^\
J. WOLTROM, of Olive Branch Lodge
No. SOf. Funeral committees are invited
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
BOOTH SAN FRANCISCO~Lod S e No. m
212. F. and A. M., meets THlS'iAi
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7 30 AA
o clock for second degree. By order of
the Matter. E. C. HARE, Secretary.
**£__£ Lo<3re Xo - 2ie - F - - n< J a. m.— q
T^.'nl-- deCT ** THIS <THURSDAY)VV
1AEMNQ. at 7:30 o'clock. By order
of the master. f ? *
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
STARR KING Lodge No. 344. F. and _ ""
A. M^. 31. Devisadero st. — Fln>t de- WV
¦*"• " US 'THURSDAY) EVENING J>J\
at 7:30 o'clock. Master Masons cor- /V^
-tally invited. By order of the W M
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
CH - E i AP E ST end **" tn America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
U't^rMd' ° r C<tna<U C °* y " r tor "•
AGEXTS WA.NTEP.
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that is
a decided lmprox-ement on building and loan
:- worth having. Great Western Improve-
- ment Company. Parrott building.
.AGENTS wanted on commission. Box S537
¦ C— II rifnce. *
ATTOI_XEYS-AT-I_A1V.
A PRIVATE, quick dlvoree^oTsmall Tf* ~
% a w'7lOW-_ ra A°^^^^
A.vlc- free all matters. Detectives employed."
?_ K1XG - Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg"
«..n floor; entrance room 611; established 15
>ears; all case,, general ccurt and office prac-
" _i2L : J£ £? ln " <!vanc « 'or consultation;
— _...* n . Rri by T'POfotraent. Tel. Red 3601.
PENSION atty.-M. iFA^liTTo^TliT^rT,
sc7_.e F ™ r_l! : ref «-,i rom tnany thousands of
*n?iP' "' IorE - widows and orphans en Pa-
c.Bc Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
A A -DIVORCE— Costs $12; <julck; qufet; advice
-£T\,, no , char * e unle " •uctessful. ¦
.-J Market st. room 4.. bet 3d and 4th.
I___?LJ^ business: no charge unless sue-*
cessful; open evenings. »27 Market room 301,
ADVICE free; divorce co«ts~$l_- no fee. /—
L fr«- n^J_iS Market «*•• «»>-ultatlo_
free: no fees In advance; open evenings.
Atrro__oBrx,E~. — ~
AUTOMOBILES— Livery, garage and sales"
rooms; automobiles of eve?y description
bousht and sold; will buy o> -ell ,"S
hsnd machines. See us before ™ do any-
thing with your machine. Phone South 70*
P-clfic States Automobile Co.. 217 Kills «
_*____5___~ >T * buy an •"tomobiie ln first-class
condition: must be reasonable; gasoline -re
ferred. Box 755. Call office. ***° lln « • re "
FOn sale cheap— A white Stanhope automobile
in flrrt-claFs running order. Box 864. Call.
OLDS MOBILE for sale: $350; tn flrst-class
running order. Box 5S9. Call offlce.
ASTHUA 3___«_GP T. ~
A Dl Kola's Asthma Remedy relieves instant.
ly: 10c. 25c 60c 1C02 Market St. NlchcTlaa.
DOAJIDIXG FOR CHILDREN;
X-ADY win board and care for two boys under
14; 1 block from ocean beach; reasonable.
Box 2150. Call offlce.
FRENCH boardln* for children. MRS.
CU-\TZ. • CO Pine st. " *
BCSIVESS CHANCES — ConilnneJ.
A— CAMERON A CO. : — Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy st. corner Market and Powell. I
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well-furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; flne chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting: and
fUhtng: all. modem conveniences;' new. one
year; price $2200 complete. CAMERON j -s
CO.. 3 Eddy rt.
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing:
, goods business; cheap rent; 6% years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners In city; do-
ing flne business; other Interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON St. CO.. 3 Bddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; flne prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; rent
$-0; clears $90 to $100 per month;, price $500;
must sell on 'account of other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy et. ¦
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbtng; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made ln all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy st.
WANTED — To buy a grocery store across the
bay. Oakland. Berkeley or Alameda. Ad-
drees box 877. Call office.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar ln Hayes Valley.
Bor particulars, box 838, Call offlce.
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this cfflce.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
o? advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON '& CO.] •• Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All' Kinds of Business Chances.
•65 rooms; best downtown -..nmercial house
ln city; clearing now $800 per month; every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; flne little apart-
ment-house'; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms; cheap rent: long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $5U0 to $600 per month: must sell on
account of other business;, only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nlshsd; cheap rent: 10 years' lease; close ln;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per ceut per annum; departure. ;
21 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flno proposition:
». -"d lease.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment: clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
?400.
32 rooms: cheap rent; 2 years' lease: flne
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
flrst-class condition; good furniture ajid car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transi-nt can clear ?300 to $350 per month;
here Is- best proposition in city; price $3200.
7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
10S rooms; cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished. i up-to-date rcomlng-house: has flne
bar: can be run In conjunction if desired;
rar* chance for right parties: part pash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house: other busi-
ness Int-rests demand immediate departure.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to $1500.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing flne business; will trade for large
, apartment-house and pay cash difference.
21 rooms: corner; rent only $S5; oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
180 rooms: grand, new. modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: flne lease: paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men: electric elevator,
lights; long lease: clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys ln the city.
Large ' list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
400 Hearst bldg. . over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market pts. Tel. Black 3607.
Roomlnc-bouses and hotels for sale. ¦
JUNE SNAP — 17 rooms; cost $29G0 2 years
ago: swell corner north of Market: large
rooms, splendidly furnished: rent $75; full
of roomers; price $1700;. half cash.
p MARION GRIFFI N.
HIGH CLASS and very beautifully furnished:
85 rooms; electric elevator; electric lights;
rent $461: lease for '> years and 9 months;
building NEW AND MODERN; exclusively
with MARION GRIFFIN.
NE. CORNER house of 10 rooms, north of
Market: all rented: but 2 occupied by land-
lady; rent only $.'!_; clears monthly $50;
price $400; half cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
ANOTHER CORNER of 32 rooms. 3 blocks of
Market: rent $100: lease; 3 floors; clears $91-
price $1400; will be worth 53000 before close
of St. Louis World's Fair.
MARION GRIFFIN. •
SWELL, respectable house, most beautifully
furnished: extra flne hair mattresses; new
and modern building on sunny corner; 24
rooms; when you see it you'll buy It of
.MARION GRIFFIN.
MILITARY PRECISION Is noticeable In clean-
¦lir.ess of this 34-room house; average month-
ly profit $212 60; ill health Impels owner to
sacrifice; price put down to $2000.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HONEST, respectable 23-room house . full of
nice roomers, who take care of their own
' rooms; corner house; extra sunny; price
$1500; part cash; rent $35
MARION GRIFFIN.
HALF-PRICE; worth $1000; will take $500;
11 sunny rooms, nicely furnished ln oak and
cher.-y: full of men roomers; north of Mar-
' ket; rent $55; income. .$:«».
MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDID 40-room house on Sutter st. In. the
best possible condition; full of the most de-
ferable people; profit $150 monthly;- low rent;
low price: long lease. MARION GRIFFIN.
FINE CHANCE to get the best 100-room new
and modern house ln this city; fine location;
very flne furnishings; it Is thoroughly first
class. MARION GRIFFIN.
THIRTY rooms, nicety furnished, lease. ..$3C-00
2G room/, all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 roonifi, low rent, country .transient.. 5000
31 rooms, rent only $55.... ...;....,... 1500
40 rooms, rent $70. transient 1500
Rl rooms, rent $3 per room . . . . : ' 3400
Monty to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL Si CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
$1000— LODGING-HOUSE; "choice^ location;
near Market st. ; 22 neatly furnished rooms;
must be sold quick: cause, sickness. Mer-
chants' Agency, 1008% Market st. ,
42 ROOMS — Cor., near H. R depot: rooms all
full; clears $125 per month: rent $3 per rm. ;
owner rick: must sell; $2350. Box 453. Call.
FOR sale — Lodging-house; 23 rooms; good
business. 462 Twelfth st.. Oakland ¦ Cal. ; no
! agents. >¦
i 35-ROOM Marki ¦ t-st. house; busy corner: Al
transient; I will sell at low , figure or . ex-
; change. Box 3486, - Call offlce. ' ¦> -
I LODGING-HOUSE in Tonopah for sale; 20
rooms: all full: rents $1 to $1 25 per day.
Address box 599. Call' offlce.
FOR sale — Lodging-house; 231 Third st.: 20
rooms; owner sick; price $950; rent $75. '
COl^ECTIOBr^OrPIOyH. r
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
¦ city or country. Pacific- Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. Main 6580.
CURIiS aPPTUBII.-
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder, $10; no !
, discomfort, 1200 Market st.; »en<l for circular..
SPIIUTUALISM. . ,
MMK YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages
to-night 10c. 019 McAllister. All private
readings' dally. 760 Central ave.. 7th-st. sta.i
Alameda, narrow gauge.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant, trnnce, business medium and life
reader. 1200 Market st.. Oalt House.
C. V. MILLER'S mnteriall-ing seance to-night.
8 o'clock: 6Oc. 1184 Bush st.
PRO". FKED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
¦late-writer. 1112 Eddy st: phono Scott 837.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ASSURED Success for You.
Call at once and save $4.
His famoua $5 readings this wtek for
$1 $1 $1 '$1 $1 $1 *I *i
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL QESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
v palmist ever ln San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do' hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fall to tell your name.
occupation and what you calU-d for; I tell
you if hu-band, wife or lover Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry, how to gain
the love of t*>e one you desire: In fact. I will
tell you every hope, _tar or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; his advice I- re-
liable, his powers are wonderful and Indis-
putable; he Jmproves your character so that
you will reach the highest possible develop-
ment ln mental and bodily vigor, health,
happiness and capacity to earn wealth: tn?
controlling power ' implanted ln your nature,
so you can control any one secretly; gives
advice on mining and burled treasure; gives
you success. In life; he guarantees you suc-
cess or charges nothing for his services. 10
a. m. to 8 p. m. ; closed -Sunday.
326 O'FarreU street— 320.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant i and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st, next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of Jthe past, reveals tie
present happenings and portrays events to
occur ln the future: If you. are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have dome-tic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
- how to overcome them: valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25cup:. satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings, by mall. Tel. Black 4S<>'.>.
' MME. K. ROTHENBBRG, greatest clairvoyant
and spiritual medium; assured success for you
by consulting her on matters of business, such
as love marriage, law suits, family troubles,
etc. consultation with Mme.Rothenberg would
mean success, enlightenment, absolute happi-
ness; business confidential; hours 10 a.m. to 8
p.m.: Sundays 9 a.m." to 1 P.m. MME. ROTH-
ENBERO, 13T1 Ellls.bft.Lag-na & Buchanan
MME.PORTER.celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future: I.
60c. g. by cards $1: palmistry and clairvoyant
sit.. $1 60. 290 O'Farreil it... near Mason.
A— Miss M. Wlile. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer - and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called i for without asking a ques-
tlon ; names given : special. $1 : hours 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, clairvoyant, business me-
dium; advice on mining & Invest.: devel.clr.
Thurs.. 8. ; 020 O'Farrell; tel.' Hyde 1767.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant.card
reader:when others fail try me;good readings
, 25c : 721 Fran_lin,nr.Q.<3.ave.Tel.Larkin4207.
CLOTHING EENOVATIKTO.
SUITS cleaned anl pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 4f> Ellis st.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
IJENT1STS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings. _0c;
plates. $5; full set: all work painless and.
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HII.L. 144:t Market. r.r.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; eld plates made over like new; teeth
trom $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r. 14.1st
flcor. Phelan bid.. So6 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlor-. 2W Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 30 up; crowns. $2 up: fllllngs,23c.
FREE examination with chait at the New
York Dentists. U09 Mission st. SE. cor. 6th.
GO^D fillings. 75c: silver. 35cr crowns. $2; no
ptiln: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.2ftt Suttr.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL, Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt,
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
" EDUCATIONAL.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 wa
moved to new fireproof building 738 Mission
st. between Third and Fourth: more SDace;
finer room-: better light: flnrst In the West-
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Paul Gcrson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools: special summer course. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 21 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping 1 , shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINE.«s"cOLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket. guarantee, position* to graduates: Pit-
m.tn shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $3 mo.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket rt.; established IS years: special discount
during month of June; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mln«« & Klectrtdty.24 Post
s«... S. F. ; a practical school of engineering-
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING— Adults. Mon. and Fri. evgs- Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5; prlv. lessons dally. ' Flnd-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. ro| 3 .. mech surl
vey. assay, craplcie; day. ev. ; est. lSBl" Van
der Nalllen School. 11:; Ftilton. nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business Coi;ege. 025 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.; i5-page catalog on request
GUITAR mandolin and piano $.1 rer mo-
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 823 Halght st
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour MRS PFrif
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, n'r. Sixth'
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. J
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employmenfor"
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton '-."m-ilSs'
CH - I^ E . S . E and > Japanese help- estab 2o v#_r.
Xel. Main 1937. BRADLEY & CO; «Q CL_£
BUSINESS CHA-fCKS.
A— $3500; CORNE-Tsaloon; close to Sutter St.;
place «stab years; doing an excellent busi-
ness; lease; rent $115: net rent $48; elegant
n-turcs. See R. G. WILKE. 26t_ Kearny.
A— $15,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
less than $1000 per month: location and busi-
ness can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE, 2-H
Kearny st.
A— $800; PARTNER wanted In office of manu-
facturer's agent; a Hrst-class offer for good
man; $500 to b« invested in business; offlce
| clears about $250 per month. See R. G.
WILKE. 2qy_ Kwmy st,
A±-$"00; BAKERY across the bay; established
7ears and doing- a flrst-class paying store
trade: value In sight. All particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny St.
A— $600; YOUNG- and active man wanted to
run grill room in one of the finest barrooms
In this city; no rent to pay: references want-
ed. See R. G. WILKE. 20V. Kearny st.
A — $1100; CORNER grocery and bar on choic-
est location of DevUadero st. : must be sold
at once, on account of death in family; leasef
rent $37 50; a splendid and rare chance. See
R. G. WILKE. _G^_ Kearny St.
A— $2250; CORNER saloon on Montgomery. St.;
established many years; rent $S5: lease; a !
good-paying place and well advertised. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse! Road-
house! With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lease: a first-class paying resort. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; a splendid
location ln the Mission; place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKE.
26V_ Kearny si- .
A — $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mtrcan- .
tile lunch; on Montgomery st., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26*. Kearny St.
A— $450: BARBER shop: 3 chairs: best location
In the Mission: rent $15. See n. G. WILKE.
_6H Kearny st
A— 42.VX); SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
ket «<.; low rent; good lease; elegant flx-
turrs and a flrst-class paying business. Call
R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $CO0; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. O. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A — DRUGSTORE, drugstore, drugstore; prlca
$4300; established 27 years; lease 5 years;
rent $€0; one of the best paying stores tn this
city: owner to retire. Call R. G. WILKE.
_fl'_ Kearny st.
A — $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room, 37 beds.
Food furniture: lease; place paying well. See
It- G. WILKE. 26% Kt-arny St.
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
.Stockton stc; rent $150; lease: place estab-
lished years; flrst-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Keamy st
A— $350; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store with 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location;
rood business. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny St.
A — $.575 cigar stand, transfer corner: rent $25;
good paying place. R. G. Wilke. 26% Kearny
RESTAURANT seating 62 people and flat
above; 6 rooms; 5 years' lease; located near
large factories and '.umb'r yards; rauto sick-
ness. MERCHANTS' AGENCY, 1006% Mkt.
$150— BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store;
good trade; fine location: sold at a sacrifice;
please Investigate. MERCHANTS' AGENCY,
1008% Market st.
$1200— GROCERY and barroom; well stocked:
prominent' corner. Including 3 flats paying
half rent; 5 years' lease; rent $70; price
$1200; cause, sickress. MERCHANTS'
AGENCY. 1008% Market st.
TIMBER claim ln Northern California for sale
or will trade for San Francisco or Oakland
property. Inquire at room 212. 997 ll_rket
«.. S. F.. or room 6. SCI Broadway. Oakland.
LODGING-HOUSE In San Francisco to trade
for residence property ln Oakland. Inquire
at room 212, 997 Market st, S. F.. or room
6, 861 Broadway. Oakland.
Brokers and promoters who are able to control
or infiuence placing of orders for manufacture
of bonds A stock certificates can form a
profitable and pleasant connection with large
Eastern house engaged ln manufacture of
these and other similar forms & doing large
business In bank note engraving and lith-
ography, address box 2551. Call office.
PACIFIC Real Estate Co.. 1015 Market st.
S30; cigar store, at corner saloon.
$150; branch bakery and variety; act quickly.
S600; restaurant, clearing $50 a week.
$900; saloon, on busy street; near Market.
$425; no competition; grocery and liquors.
CHARCOAL burners — We have 200 acres
heavy oak. manzanita and madrone timber
to tjrn into charcoal; will sell for royalty
cr percentage; three milrs from R. R. ; down
hill; easy tofreach. Hermo«a Ranch Co..
Cloverdale, Cal.
HOTEL for sale ln a good business town in
San Joaquin Valley; building contains 52
rooms, office," bar. billiard end card -rooms;
house and furniture In first-class condition;
will sell reasonable snd on easy terms or for
cash. Box S22. Call office.
BARGAIN— $300: icecream, confectionary, ba-
kery and stationery store, good for young
couple; 2 nice living rooms; part of house-
hold goods; rent $12; sickness cause of sell-
Ing; investigate. Address box 1211, Call
of9ce. Oakland.
$350 SECURES % interest in fine paying coin-
mlsslon business clearing $150 monthly to
'ach; references exchanged- experience un-
necessary, but must be sober and reliable.
Particulars. 1007% Market st.. room 1.
FOR sale — Coffee, tea and spice route over i
IS years' standing; selllns on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars ln-
qulrn at 119 Front St.. between 11 a. m.
and 1 d m.
WANTED— A partner with about $400 in a
business that will pay big every month, in
raising an article that is in demand In al-
most every restaurant Particulars. box
2528. Call offlce.
PARTNER wanted — To assist in office work;
cr.pltal required, $300; office will pay $250 to
$3<x> per month; references exchanged. 13ox
35?», Call office.
$2000— BONA fide bargain In new enterprise;
sure to make $3000 to $3000 year; monopoly
on goods selling at a larce profit; chance of
a lifeti— :e. For particulars, box 1072, Call.
A NICELY located restaurant for sale, situ-
ated among large lodging houses. I am com-
pelled to leave the State or would not think
of selling. Box 734, Call offlce.
I AM anxious to get into the grocery business
In San Francisco. If you have one for sale
please address with full particulars, price,
etc.. box 811. Call office.
BAKERY In Oakland doing $70 cash business
per day; $1600; part cash and win take bal-
ance out in trade. Address box 1210. Call
offlce, Oakland.
$3500— SALOON, near Market; doing flne busi-
ness; reason for selling; reasonable rent, long
lease.rlght party. lierg-Armstrong.318 Kearny.
FOR sale — Well-paying milk route. . 7 cows,
horse and waeon, on account of slckn?a_.
Inquire 1400 Guerrero st. ,
BUTCHER shop: $'150; rare opportunity; rood
business: owner must go to country; call be-
fore Saturday. -Inquire at 2S05 Clay st. '
PARTNER to go to St. Louis and take half
Interest In business paying from $20 to $50
per day; must nave $1000 cash. Box 3519,Call.
CREAMERY for sale; pood butter and egg
route with milk and cream trade and a but-
ter plant. Box r.518. Call.
FOR sale — A restaurant in the Mission; trans-
fer corner: place Is paying well. Address
__box 687. Call offlce.
FOR sale — A completely furnished hotel ln
Petaluma; rent low; 25 rooms; will sell rea-
sonable. Address box 807. Call offlce.
$273^ — CANDY and flne pastry store; D2_ Tay-
lor: 3 nicely furnished rooms and base-
ment; electricity; large stock: bargain.
A — PARTNER wanted ln milk business. Ad-
dress box 851. Call offlce.
SALOON license and flxturrs for dale. See
owner. 1 to 2 or 0 to 7 p. m., 5C0 Howard _t.
I GROCERY and bar for sale. Apply 321
Bryant M.
SPLENDID chance to buy a well-located, long-
est-blished business. 203 Fourth st.
WANTED— To buy cottage In Oakland. AdT
dress box 1507. 1C08 Market Bt
RESTAURANT, established for 9 years, at
bargain. 143d Turk gt
$100— PARTNER wanted to attend counter;
good profit Call at 229 Fifth "tt.
HAIRDRESSERS— Call and see my place;
Uiun sell; make offer. 1153 Market st.
CALL route for sale; a flne large Call rou&
In the city of Alameda. Box 2179. Call.
SALOON and chop house for sale. Inquire at
273-275 Fourth st JOHN MUHEIRN.
FOR «ale — The Union Hotel; manufacturing
town. Benlcla. Cal.
FOR sale— A restaurant In Napa, doing: a* flne
business. Box 2DC3, Call office.
I Want Advertisers in.
Next Sunday's Call
Will Receive FREE,
A I , 1"^ I |^^ 'f t PATENT
fi.xiiT^B [-.ly.pap^r. Quard §g
•On^-Maif Dozpd Sheets
Stieky fly K?t Paper
4 — — — — : : — _ 5.
2 ¦ *W . ' : -'-'.¦•.•"¦¦ ¦ ¦": " "' ¦ ¦: ¦. ¦ *, ¦ ¦ ¦'¦-.•¦¦:•¦'¦'¦¦'.:¦ ¦ ?¦Mp'C* ¦"" io T{\ j\ ' " • ¦' ' ' ' " ' "..•.'•.'¦'¦ ..-."' . " I
* : — : — : , : : _ a
The Eureka Flv Paper Guard is the latest article of this kind on the market.
This Ruard-holder for fly-paper 'gives perfect satisfaction, prevents accidents, saves
clothes, temper, money, etc., gives a finished appearance to the unsightly fly-paper
and makes handling of same a convenience.
As shown in cut. arrangement is very simple, 'paper is easily fastened, and suard
lasts - a lifetime.
The EUREKA GUARD and one-half dozen sheets of the FLY NET PAPER can
, be obtained by brinjjine classified ads. Thursday, .Friday or Saturday for insertion in
Sunday's paper. THIS PREMIUM IS FREE TO CLASSIFIED ADVERTISERS
ONLY. ¦ -.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of Th« San Francl3co Call, corner Market and Third streets:
open until 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
• . BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite- Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
¦ 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes Btreet; open until 9:30 p. m. •
639 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
1 ' 615 I.arkin street; open until 'J:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
T10*5 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until D p. m. ¦¦ , ¦ -»
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m. i
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m. j
2200 Fillmore street; open unt'l 9 p. m. ! !
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1033
BERKELKY OFFICS: '
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store : Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE, 1C, 1904.
13
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEKPIXG— -Cos.
NINTH, 155 — 2 large, furnished rooms, com-
. plete housekeeping; gas rar.ge; prlv. family.
OAK. 10 — 2 rooms complete for housekeeping;
use of piano.
OAK. 904 — Newly furnished sunny housek**o-
tnx rooms; water; laundry; bath; phone; bo
children.
POST. 1422— A suite cf larg- sunny pcrlors ;
nicely furnished for light housekeeping; also
an alcove suit* very reasonable.
SCOTTT 300. NE. cor. Page — 2 newly furnisher!
rooms in private house; sun all day; near
Haight-st. car line.
STANTAN, 804 opp. Park— 3 or 4 front sunny
connecting rooms.
LARKIN.1007. cor. Pest— The Cragbum. H. Bur-
l!n game. prop. ; rms.. single A hkpg.apartments.
TWENTY-FIRST. 2944— Large corner furnish^
ed bay-window housekeeping rooms^
VALENCIA. 8tt^Nlcely furnished sunny al-
cove-suite and kitchen; gas range; bath; no
children. .
VALENCIA. 1033 — 3 large sunny furnished
rooms; coal and gas stove; bath: yard.
VAN NESS ave.. 512— Elegant sunny parlor
for 2 Rents or doctor; suits for housekeep-
ing; modern corner house; new furnished.
VAN NESS ave.. 1004— 2 large sunny newly
papered rooms; new carpets; gas rang*;
bath.
¦WEBSTER. 15eo — Three nice sunny rooms;
complete 'for housekeeping; private bath.
AgAjfratxarT houses.
ST.CECILE. 115 Fell.above Van Ness ave. — Th»
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nlshod 3-room apartments, with private baths.
«team heat, electric light, elevator, gas ranges,
$30. $35. $37. $40. $45. $47 50. $50. $53.
3T. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-3
rooms; furn. or unfuro.; rafs. Tel. East 1350.
ROOMS TO LET~Psrs^j>adMlaltBra,
THE r ST. KAHTKYn"^
N. E COR. ELLIS AND LEAVENWORTH.
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN CITT;
NEW HOUSE; FIRST CLAS3;
JUST FURNISHED; HAIR MAT-
TRESSES IN EVERY ROOM: HOT
AND COLD WATER BATH3;
STEAM HEAT. ELEVATOR SER-
VICE; EVERT MODERN CON-
VENIENCE; ROOMS $3 PER
WEEK UP.
JUST TO REMIND YOU •¦'•
BAGGAGE DELIVERED FREH
Elegantly fur. large front room; Kearny St.:
day. week or month. 2 larg* rooms with us*
of kitchen; 3 single rooms, from $3 to $3
week; 1 large, sunny parlor, with kitchen;
yard conectlon. Folson st. Cheap rooms.
Third St.; many other*. Apply 763 Mar-
ket St., room 3.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT 'The Almonte." 873 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night:
$1 CO to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market <old No. 1C64) — Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1011 — ExceDtionally lares sunny roomi
large closet, bath, phone; desirable; central.
CLIFFORD, 2tM Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prlc- s reasonable.
DEVISADERO. 108— Four well-furnished sun-
ny rooms and bath.
EIGHTH ave.. 706 — Neatly furnished room*,
wiifiln one block of Golden Gate Park.*
ELEVENTH. 21 — Elegant rooms, alngl* or en
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
ELLIS. 828 — 2 newly furn. rooms, new flat;
running water, electricity, hot baths. Flat 4.
ELLIS, 1040 — Sunny suits of single rooms. on»
unfurnished.
EL&IS. 1162 — Double room with lavatory,
also social hail, for two cr three gentlemen.
ELMER. 324 Bush— Nicely furnished room*.
day. week or month: reasonable.
FOLSOM. 60S. cor. Secorul — Aurora — Nicely fur-
nished, sunny rooms; reasonable.
FAUSTINA. 642 Geary — We ar« making sum-
mer rates; newly furnished rooms; modern
conveniences; select.
GEARY, 624 — Newly furnished sunny rooms:
day. week cr month.
GEARY. 830. bet. Hyde and Larkln — Lare-
sunny bay-window front rooc, with alcove;
phone: batb: reasonable; one or two gentle-
men.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o
to $1 23 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. : reading-room.
HAYES. 972 — Newly furnished sunny room;
bath: phone Fell 1237.
HOTEL KYLE. 230 Powell — Now building.
newly furnished; batchelors' quarters, tour-
1st. theatrical.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nished suites and single rooms.
JONES. 207 (Van Winkle)— -Furnished sunny
rms.: suite or single: gents preferred; $2 up.
KEARNY. 41S — Elegantly furnished largo
front; also single rooms: $2 to $5 week.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market— Sunny suites, sin-
gle rooms; tourists; summer rates; tel. 7ol-
som 1856. •
LAO UNA. W»— Newly furnished sunny front
room; near Jefferson square.
LARKIN. 716 — Two sunny, furnished rooms,
$14; 2 for $10.
LEAVENWORTH. 716— A sunny furnished
suite, suitable for housekeeping; reasonable.
LYOM. 22. cor. Page— Neatly furnished front
sunny room: every convenience; running
water, phone, bath; reasonable; 1 block from
park.
MARKET. 719, thre* doors west Can bid*.—
Furnished rooms by the day, week or month;
reasonable: also housekeeping.
MASON, 616 — Several newly furnished sunny
rooms; fres baths.
MCALLISTER. 693— New modern flat; elec-
tric lichts; nicely furnished' front suite;
kitchen if desired; also another sunny room;
reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 1343— Sunny front parlor suit*;
breakfast If desired; batb; phone Pag* 104,
NOE, 254 — Large, sunny front room: newly
furnished; half block from Market st; rent
reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 832— Nicely furnished parlors;
sunny suite or single; light hskpg. If desired.
O'FARRELL. 797. cor. LarWn— Nicely fur-
nisbed sunny corner suite and batb; other
sunny rooms.
O'FARRELL! 11«4— Elegant! n*wly furT
nished rooms; front, side, rear: sunny; run-
nine water; references exchanged; hous*
changed hands and renovated throughout.
POST. 8S9. near Hyde — Larg* furnished front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or a gents. .
POST, 2273. near Devlsadero — Two to**ly sun-
ny unfurnished front rooms: rent reasonable.
POWELL. 1005 (Tho Virginia) — A snap; ele-
gant front suite, partly furnished: marin*
view; runnlnir water.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: room* ter nlrht. 35o to $1 50; week. $3
to $S: month. $s to $30; elevator on ground
flocr: rocms with hot and cold water: baths.
SIXTEENTH. 29C5. near Howard— Newly fur-
nlthed sunny rooms; reasonable.
SIXTEENTH, 293C— 3 unfurnished sunny cor-
ner rooms; connecting: gas and batfi; $13 50.
STEINER. 205. corner of Waller — I or 2 un-
furnished or furnt»h- <1 rooms: sun all day.
STEVENSON. 257 — Light rooms $1 week:
hskpg. com pie. $1 75; parlcr, your own prlc*.
SUTTER. 881— Nicely furnished front rooms;
.bath, phone, running water; very cheap.
THE CRESCENT. 210 Powell Pt.. between
O'Farrell and Geary — Sunny furnished rooms;
$2 week up.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049A Market st.— Sunny
rooms 1 : hot and cold water; el-»vator: 12 to>«.
TURK. 778— A young couple will rent the
prettiest sunny suite unfur., new and mod-
ern: no children: reasonable: choice location.
UNITED STATES, in Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $« week; elec-
tric lights (no gan). running water In every
room: elevator.\read.-room: free bus: baszaga.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 70O rooms;
S5c in il M night: $2 to $H week: eleraior;
»lee. lights: readlng-rcom: free bus: baggage.
WOLF Hcuse. 202 Sixth st.— Rooms from 13o
to $1 per night and from POc to $3 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sta.
A BRANCTT office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1C0S Market St.. upposlt* Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ¦
Continnctl on Paje Fourteen. ¦ j
HORSES AND WAGON'S.
FOR sale— Pacing mare, $175: 7 years old/very^
fast; gentle In every respect; sate for wo-
mau to drive; will go double. For partlcu-
¦ lars address box WO. Call. ; .
FOR Sale— First-class bucsy horse (single or
double); dark bny; well bred; rising eight;
10 hands; stylish and gentle; $175; private
. stable. aCUO Washington st.
STYLISH young saddlehorse. well reined, $50;
also nice buggy horse,. $05; both guaranteed
sound and gentle. 833 Caetro st.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, ! wag-
ons, surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 100 Stevenson. S.F.
FOR sale — Horse and village -cart; ride or
drive; gentle; for lady. 1339 Bush si.
LATE model rubber tire Victoria and harness.
O'BRIEN'S. Polk and Golden Gate ave.
FINE camping wagon, 3 seats. Inquire of
C. A. McPHEE. Fremont Brannan sts.
A FIRST-CLASS saddle boTse for sale: gentle
and suitable for a lady. Box 886, Call.
PIANO box buggy for sale. Box 6C0, Call.
LIGHT, cushlon-tlree read buggy for sale; In
good order. Box 58S, Call office.
FOR gale — Two .second-hand platform spring
wagons and one truck. 233 Rcale st.
NEW and sc>cond-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1GI5 Market «t.. opp. Franklin. •
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
negs. work and driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
LOST AND FOUND. .
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Swlety of San Francisco In the
name of IRMA. HLEUER: No. 25G-52S. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A silver watch and fob on Sacramento
st., between Cherry st. and Central ave.
Please return to O. C. SIMONEAU, 1433
Stockton" st., and receive reward.--
LOST — Whlte^ fox terrier; one black eye,
licence, tag 2438. Reward It returned; 2625
¦ Ridge road. Berkeley.
LOST — Scotch Collie dog from Twenty-first and
Folsom sts. Liberal rew&rd offered for r«-
turn to 712 Shotwell st. 7
LOST — Lady's gold watch, Waltham move-
ment. Reward If returned to 103'.) Market tt.
LAUNCHES FOB HIKE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaelis Launch Co.,Unlon-*t. Wharf; boat-
ing A excursions. 5 Steuart st. : tel. John 268B.
MEDICAL, ! ;
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 1" jeurs' experience In all tt-
rrale disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market Et., rccms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaii.ts and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed : 30 years' experience. 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. IOOSV4. Market St., opp. Sth.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on rec.-Ipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. \V. ODONNELL— All who ars sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 101S Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 7S3 Turk, above Van Ness — Ex-
pert In obst'trlcs, female ' complaints: lnst.
. relief: treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yrs.ex.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
tpeclallKt; a private home before and during
connnenunt; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. GV.'YER, having secured lease of
premise*. Is permanently located at 611A
Leavfnworth St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
MATERNITY" Villa— Secluded; confidential.
DR. EMILIA FUNKE, 1410 Sth st;, Alameda.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; IS years' ex.;
private. . DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny et.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never Jails;
$2. Gleanon-Ruggles Drug Co-.Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2305 Folsom St.. corner
2eth; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of tr»atm*nt. 1120 Market.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-1U7 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over o!d
Iron, tin or shinglts; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOKING CO.. 713 Market St.
ID-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought sold,
rented and exchanged; »e* Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beala st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
reefs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to step nil !eaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front st. ; tel Main 1428.
A— FINE suits, $7 &0; dress pant*. $2 B0. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st.,
near Hush; open to 0 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
clnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 2T.3-255 Spear st.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st. ¦
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St.,
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale — Best $2 60 hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open to up. m.: Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dla-
monds bought : send postal; will call. New
Municipal Loan Office, 017 Washington st.
HEADQUARTERS for novelties: celebrations
and carnival*. M. NEWMAN, 807 Bth St., S.F.
LAUNCH hunting cabin for sale. C. A. Mc-
NEAL LAUNCH CO., foot Clay st.
FOR sale— Elegant electric hath cabinet; r»as-
onable. Electric Works. 227 Ellis st.
Desk sale this week only. 20 per cent off regu-
lar prices. Richardson Bros.. 181d Market st.
BEST white l»ad 7c per Dound; to painters
\».*a. BUTCHER. 741 Mission st.
AWNINGS. t»nts.new,second-hand. SUN TENT
& AWNING CO.. 42 Spear St.; tel. John 048A
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING Co..35 Mkt.Tel.Bush 858.
PIGEONS— All the leading varieties: stamp for
_jatalo«rue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition. 31
vols. KING'S. Cl McAllister St.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter BactgalupL
moved to 78(1 Mission et.
ROUND camping tents fcr sale; cheap; somo
new; 10x16. 818 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montg'y. I
SAFES and cash rasters, new and second-
, hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market St.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p., cheap. E. B. Beck. ft Co., 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New an<i second-hand. THE HER.
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery St.
MOVINO pictures, mng-le lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
CO.. 122 Market at. .
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
- all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 40 Fremont st. i
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
¦MiyCKLLAKKOITS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 2S
Stockton st.
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' and '
gent?' castoff clothing; postal. 843 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis 625; 050 Sacramento nt. ,"
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th ot.; tel. /Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D. :
McCarthy Co., 782 Mission; phone Bush 407.
MOXEV TO LOAN.
A^A^llERTlXfrMURPHT^ ~""""™* ~~~
001-602-603 Examiner building.
- Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by- dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests ; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies... life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
let, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
- Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
. of property or chattels..
; . Location, etc /
Box 490. Call office. *
LOWEST BANK RATE. ~—
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
estates In probate, undivided Interest in
estates assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of interest.
RIVERS BRO3.. 205 Montgomery st.
SALARY LOANS — "" ~" "
Money loaned salaried people without seeur.
Ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment-'
call and get terms^ Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.'
AAA — Interest 6 per cent (read Sunday paoers)
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK......
' ..City Oakland, Town, Country Property..
MANHATTAN LOAN CO (city agents)
107-8 Crocker building— Post-Market sts.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security: no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., 6S Donohce bldg.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
S4(i Market: tel. Main 1U44. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables, our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton: phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, tvamsters. boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; 'large /business in
46 principal cities. Tolirian, 5W Parrott bldg.
THE United 'Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstair?), loans money on diamonds, Jew.
clry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
Rbsolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission:, no publicity; $25 up-; quick
quiet, confidential. 2U Montgomery st.. rm. 7.'
MONEY to loan on low' Interest: gold, sliver.
• diamonds, pearls' and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy: no commission -.Installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
oalarlfd employes. R. all. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid; Oakland office, llO^Va Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000. , .
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortKages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st. . »
ALL totfhs on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per Cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Hank building. 70S Market st.
1% PEIfcent <>n furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. B1U Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORFLL. f>00 Examiner building.
CHEAPEST nnd best In America— The Weekly
Call. It: pages, sent to any address In the
United Ptnfs nr Canada on<» year for$l.
OKKH.KS AM) VI.O11K.* TO LBf.
SUITE of 3 handsome offices furnished com-
. .pleie . In Crorsley building-. Apply B P.
OLIVER, 114 Montgomery st. . '
A SUITE of 4 office rooms, large, sunny, on
Sacramento st.. near.. Montgomery. Apply
to WEIBSBEIN BROS. & CO.
STORE to let, vacant June 15. 1204 Sutter st.,
one door above Polk. ~
aTiTuprights! ~~~~~~
Neubert, new $250, now $60. ]
Fischer, new'^325, now $85.
Hertz, new $:joo. now $l>7.
Russell, new $as5, now $135.
Colby, new $425. now $180.
2 Chlckerlngs. new $450. now $100. $135
2 Steinways. new $575. $750, now $183. $325.
' Heine., new $575, now $3.13.
And 50 others; squares for next to nothing;
rents $2 up: Installments $4 up; old organs
or pianos taken in exchange: tuning $2 fin-
est workmanship. HEI^'E "PIANO CO., 235-
¦ 237 Geary st.; Oakland.' 1252 Broadway.
AAAAA— FINE assortment of second-hand up-
. rights from $40 up, including such makes as
Chlckerlng. Vose, Stelnway, Steck Knabn.
Mathushek. Sterling,* Curtaz. Erard and
many others on easy payments. BEXJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell tt.
A SENSATIONAL fire — Storage pianos and
. . furniture will be removed to North Beach
and purntd If not sold In a few days; this
means storage piano* and furniture almost
cheaper than fire wood, and must be re-
moved. Wtiltehead's Storage. 1636 Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
from: pianos frcm $.'20 upward; our line the
best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 500-04 Hayes st.
$60 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'g. 216 McAllister. '
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $83
ETATHAM. 110 McAllister ft.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
' player. BYRON MAUZY. Sf)8-:!12 Post St.
$1<!5 — STEINWAY upright: private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright plp.nos sold on $5 monthly pay-
mentt. BCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL St<"lnway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Phonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address tn the
United States or Canada on* year for $1,
T>o?tBg» paid.
' PERSONALS. ~
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cur* for
! rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia.
sere throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 yearn; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL A BROWN. 32 Turk St.. 8. TF.
A NEW METHOD— Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by roy method: magnetic
massage by appointed, graduate, old school;
strictly confidential. -MRS. HOLSHOUSER,
037 Bush St.. opt. 300; phone Front 87.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its crowth.stops falling.cures dandruff
And Itching scnlp; no stain or stickiness;
cteantes scalp;at druggists'. hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
ekirt, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
5 skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varlcocele,
etc.: easily worn; %1 30 postpaid; physicians
recora. them. Dr.Burmird Co.. 140 Geary, S.F.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates: Geo. Matthews. 700 Fifth st., Oakland.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and' trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market at.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 60
down %nd SI 00 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post, near Powell.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed byTlec^
trie needle. MrB.Dr.A.W.Traveni,117o Mark et.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 80; dress pants $V6o!
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor, nuah and Dupont.
Actlna restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 10th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3C9 But- !
ter, r. COO. Miss Eaton. 23:« Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO..733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ¦ ' -, .
PALMISTRV.
A— MME. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy st.: phone Polk 4011;
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
¦ Taylor St.. near Geary^_-_ Phone Black Bfil. 1
.'-'' PATEUTS. '
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA at-
tOTncy-et-lrw. 0 Hobart bids., 532 Market at.
REAL. ESTATE — CITY — FOR S*I,R.
gancqTgunz & co..
634 MARKET ST.
BIG SNAP! BIG PXAP!
BIG SNAP! BIG SNAP!
SEE IT TO-DAY! SEE IT TO-DAY!
No». 108-110 Eureka St., near Eighteenth and
Castro; 2 elegant modern rcund bay-window
flats, 5-ft rooms, porcelain baths, tiled mantels
In parlor and dining-room, separate tolleta.
large sunny rooms. 10-foot finished basement,
fine attic concrete foundation, cement alley
way; large lot, 25x125 f**t. Agent on premises
from 10 a. m. to 2 p. ro. Price $5250. This
grand property must absolutely be sold to set-
tle an estate.
OANCO. GUNZ & CO.,
. 634 MARKET ST.
REAL ESTATE— Country— For Sale -
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, . orchards,
vlneyirds; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent fr*e. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 843
Marktt st. / ___
SOUTHERN Oregon Irrigated lands, dairy
farms stock ranches, alfalfa land. Umber
land mines. B. C. THAYNER. 804 K»amy.
SUBTOBAM HOMES FOB SALS.
FOR sale— Delightful home In San Mateo
County; near station: twenty minutes drive
from electric cars; 4 acres in grain and fruit:
house of 8 rooms; superb view. Address oo«
21C5. Call office. '
BEKKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAt KWATB.
GOOD investments near new Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End bt block; 271 ft. frontage on track; two
-blocks from Berkeley station ..$23GO
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $200
Lot 4l>xi:»5; rr.afc.; within % block $450
Half block ad<olnlngr R. R. property $2600
Buy where values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 1056 University art.,
Near Bar Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
A LOVELY HOME, rt MICE ROOMS: 8OUTH
EXPOSURE: VERY LARGE LOT AND
CLOSE TO BERKELEY STATION: NEW
AND COMPLETE: PRICE ONLY $3000.
JOS J. MASON.
SE. COR CENTER AND SHATTUCK AVE.,
BERKELEY.
EEEKELET 2OOM3.
NICELY furnished rooms, overlooking the bay.
Address Euclid ave., care box 10S3. Call.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
/Rl'ITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— $2750; It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland. ¦ I
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
MANUFACTURERS AND EVERYBODY.
SEE THIS FINE BUILDING SACRIFICED.
I have for sale a large building at Elmhur«t.
Cal.. a suburb of Oakland, built for a hotel,
but too large for the place, and I have a late
order to yell It for the best price 1 can get.
Tlie building Is 50x100 feet and contains 40
large rooms; a gas plant In good order in a
building in the rear, and gas and water fix-
tures all over the houye. The lot Is on the
principal street with street railroad in front,
and is 115x130:7 feet on Jones ave.: a cement
sidewalk 15 feet wide on two sides. It is
well adapted for any kind of manufacturing,
with electric power plant near by; or a hun-
dred other purposes to be suggested. The
owner is a very old man and is closing up his
affairs, and says SELL for WHAT IT WILL
BRING. See the building and make me an offer.
IRA C. JENKS. ,
10»0 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$.1500 — Sunny corner 6-room cottage; central-
ly located: lot 35x100.
$29CO— Pretty new 5-room Shing'cd cottage;
latest Improvements, den, etc: lot 30x120, on
:;<Hh St.. near West; near Key route; easy
terms.
$2r>25 will buy 3 flats and 30-foot lot renting
for $28: a good Income investment.
$-.r.fi<> — Nice 5-room cottage with floored attic
and lot 32xl2O on 35th St., near Telegraph
ave. : easy terms.
$2300 — New 5-room cottage on West St., one
block from San Pablo ave. and Key route;
lot 28x140; easy terms.
$2100 — Nice 7-room house on Walsworth ave.,
near Senator Perkins' home: easy terms.
BELDEN REAL ESTATE, 1112 Broadway.
Or.kland.
$200 CASH. $7 50 monthly: rustic cottage of 3
rooms, chicken shed: 4 lots, 50x245 feet, all
fenced; Immense grove of shade trees on
place: Al sandy loam soil: grand marine and
hnd*rape views; lies high «ind dry: an Ideal
spot: away from fogs and cold winds; cars,
•ichool. church, town hall and Postofflce near
by. and adjoining East Oakland: price all
told. $K75. Call or send for circular. 455 7th
St.. opp. Broadway station. Oakland; car-
rlage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
OAhl.tVD Kl-KMTUItK KOR «tt,IO.
TO-MORROW th* day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H.Schellhaaa.llth St.. cor.store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPISO^^
ARDELL. 15 Page — 3 furn. housekeeping rms.;
lower floor; yard; sink; gas; $3 week.
BU8H. 855 — Two to 4 furnished housekeeping
rooms; rent low; also single rooms; central.
BUSH. 1423A — Unfurnished front room and
regular kitchen; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 1264 — 2 or S nice sunny rooms;
running water; very convenient; Nob Hill.
CALIFORNIA. 1304— Bunny front bay-window
room tc. kitchen, connecting: reas. :no chlld'n.
CALIFORNIA. 3031 — Three sunny rooms, nice-
ly furnished for housekeeping; gas rang*;
garden.
CAPP, 767— Two elegant tunny front rooms;
gas range, running water, bath. '
CASTRO. 231 — Nicely furnished sunny front al-
cove suite; light housekpg.; running water.
CHESTNUT. 283. North Beach— 8un and vl*wj
good quiet place; housekeeping,
CLAY. 142»— Large front room with •mall
connecting kitchen; first floor; yard.
CLAY. 1518 — Clean, sunny connecting rooms
for housekeeping; gas rang*; bath; cholc*
location.
DEVISADERO. 613—2 larg* front unfurnished
.rooms for housekeeping.
DEVISADERO. 1408 — 2 newly furnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny.
EDDY, 207 — Sunny front rooms and others;
housekeeping allowed: running water.
EDDY, 033 — Nicely furnished or Unfurnished
4-room apartments; bath; phone; private
residence; reasonable.
EIGHTH, 10V4 — Housekeeping rooms furnished;
b«droom and kitchen.
ELLISj (518 — Two extra nice sunny rooms for
housekeeping; first floor; private family.
FELL. 120 — Sunny housekeeping rooms; bath.
- gas. phone, running water.
FOLSOM, 55S — Three unfurnished sunny
rooms; range; large yard. :
FOLSOM, 2612. near. Twenty-second — 2 unfur.
nished sunny front rooms; gas; bath; rea-
sonable.
GEARY. 777 — Sunny housekeeping rooms; large
and airy; nicely furnished; reasonable.
,-
GEARY. 14.12— Sunny suite; gas range; also
large sunny room, suitable for dressmaking.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 511—3 large well-fur-
nlshed rooms, complete; on main floor.
HAYES 796 — Two sunny front rooms, unfur-
nished; housekeeping; very reasonable.
JESSIE. 333 — Sunny parlor, furnished for
housekeeping;. gas range, sink, closet; $3 wk*.
JONES. 617— Nice sutte^of rooms for light
housekeeping.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1S40 Pine
Sunny, furnished 3-rocm suites; (team heat-
, rd, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
TAYLOR. 504 — 4 fine furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping: also housekeeping rooms.
LEAVENWORTH. 1110—2 sunny~rooms. fur"-
nished; gas range; water; yard; cheap.
MCALLISTER. 1400, cor. Pierce— Elegantly
' furnished sunny corner housekeeping suites:
electric lights, jus. bath, phone; reasonable.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR 8 ALB.
EASTON ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market Street.
$2S,0C0 — N.W. cor. of 10th St.. near Market.
75 foot frontage: .'{fine houses of 10 rooms
each; 8 flats of 8 rooms each; rent very low
at $170 per month; could be easily Increased.
This locality Is fast coming to the front.
$12,250— Union'st., near Maston; 35x137 :« feet;
Improved with 3 modern flats; permanently
rented: properties In this locality are scarce.
$12,25Q — ."! magnificent new flats; unobstruct-
ed view; sunny all day; 6-7 rooms and bath;
built less than one year; Park Panhandle dis-
trict; reduced from $11,000.
$11,500— Ninth-st. corner; store and 2 flat*
above; stable; rent very * low at $7160 per
month: portion of lot not built .on. /
$10,000—46x137:6 feet on Filbert st. near
Mason; improvements 2 fine houses containing
¦S rooms and bath each.
$10,000— Filbert St.. near Mason: 43x137:9
feet; 2 flats; also a 2-story dwelling rented as
2 flats with 3 flats in rear; rent very low at
$80 per month. 1
$4,500-^2 beautiful flats of 5-6 rooms and
bath; finished basement containing 4 rooms;
also 2 rooms tn a finished attic; rent exceed-
Inly law at $77 per month.
$8000—8 new flats In the Mtselon. contain-
ing 0 rooms and bath each; modern in every
respect: rent ?72 50 per month.
$7250—8 Mission flats renting for $72 60 p«T
month; positive bargain; nothing like It In th*
Mission.
$0000 — Reduced: Plerce-st. residence, 2-«tory,
containing 0 rooms, porcelain bath and 3
toilets; positive first-class condition; mortgage
$3000. Therefore the sacrifice,
$0000 — Webster st., near Sutter; 8-rooro resi-
dence with bath, brick foundation, etc.; good
condition.
$4,250 — Union St., near Mason; residence of 7
rooms and bath; also rear house; positive sac-
rifice for this money.
$3000 — Cottage, one story and basement; al-
most new: 5 rooms and bath; Twenty-second
street; rent $25.
$2850 — Beautiful cottage on Florida St., near
21st; 5 rooms and bath, high basement; modern
In every respect; mortgage $1100 at 0 per cent
can remain; rents for $25 per month readily.
$2800 — Brand new Mission cottage. Just com-
pleted: modern and complete In every respect;
contains 0 rooms and bath: would rent oaxily
for $25 per month: can be bought on easy
terms; $500 cash, balance same as rent.
$2750— lUth st.. near Hartford; B-room cot-
tage' with bath; all modem Improvements; new
plnmWng: tli's )s a new neiKhborhr.cd.
$2250 — Sanchez-st. cottage: 5 rooms and bath;
flrst-clnss condition: 8-f<x>t basement.
BARGAINS IN BUILDING LOTS.
$5000— Vallejo St.. near Baker; excellent ma-
rine view; 48 foot frontage.*
$750 — Sacrifice In Parnaepus Heights district;
buiMlnir lot 25x100 feet: graded and sewered
$650— Reduced from $1000; 23x100 feet: butld-
lns. lot. sewered and street macadamized;
WillarJ st. "S
$175— Pick up In building lot; 32d ave., near
1 St.; buy this and ¦!»(?<! it to tlie children;
It will become valuable.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
G3S Market street.
EASTON. E~LDRIDGE~&~c6~ ~~
<W* MARKET STREET
GRAND AUCTION SALE
EXTRAORDINARY.
3C«V— VILLA LOTS — 300.
SnO— VILLA LOTS— 300.
300— VILLA LOTS— 300.
AT
FRUITVALE.
FRUITVALE.
FRUITVALE.
Sale to take place Saturday. June 25. at 2
p. m., on the property bounded by Redwood
road. School arid Davis street!). * .
Th» Fruitvalo Addition will be sold positively
without reserve or limit. Lots averaging 50x150
feet.
Most liberal terms of credit. Ortly one-quar-
ter caoh. Balance fi-12-lfl months.
LABOR IN THE CITY AND SLEEP IN THE
COUNTRY.
HALF-HOURLY TRAINS.
COMMUTATION ONLY $."».«> PER MONTH.
Remember ths date. SATURDAY, JUNE 25.
Broad Quaere boat transferring to the Broad
Gauge Southern Pacific Railroad to Frultvale.
For further particulars apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGB & CO.,
033 Market street.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery St.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. *
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
Of investment, residence and country prop-
erty, to be held at our salesroom. 20 Montgom-
ery st., Monday, June i'l) at 12 o'clock noon.
JOHN O'KEBFE ESTATE.
* Administratrix Sales.
The following properties must b<? sold t6
close above estate. Subject «to confirmation
by the Superior Court
- - NO. 1.
Northwest corner of Oryant and Eighth sts. :
Improvements, consist of two stores and four
flats; rents $105 per month; lot 50xS5.
NO. 2.
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY.
360 acres, more or less, being portion of the
Rancho Las . Juntas or Welch ranch, on the
public road leading from Pacheco to Walnut
Creek; more than half the land Is of the best
sediment soil and the balance Is rolling, but
all tillable.
HOWARD-STREET "FLATS.
2119A-B Howard st., east line, between Sev-
enteenth and Eighteenth: a modern flats of 7-S
rooms and bath t-aeh; rented low at $titt per
month; lot 25x122:6.
SHOTWELL- ST. FLATS.
324-6-1,4 ShotKell st.. west line, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth: 3 modern flats of
5-6 rooms and bath each; rented low at $50 50
per month; lot 25x122:0..
MORRIS-AVE. INVESTMENT.
7 Morris ave., east line, between Harrison
and Hi j ant. Fifth and Sixth sts.: Improve-
mentii consist of two-6tory hcuv arrans«d in
2 flats of 4-5 rooms each; rent $32 60 per
month; lot 29x80.
HARR1SON-ST. COTTAGE.
¦ 1377 Harrison st.. south line, between Ninth
and Tenth: Improvements consist of a cottage
of 4 rooms on rear end of lot; ample room for
another building: lot 25xlC0.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
7.12 Pacific st., between Dupont and Stockton;
frame Improvements consist of store and lodg-
liiK-nou.se; rents $15 pfr month: HJ:9%xll7:6.
MISSION COTTAGE.
4C04 Eighteenth st.. north line, between
Haul* and Danvers; a modern cottage of 4
rooms and bath; large baj>em<>nt: lot 25x80.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
406 Thirtieth st.. north line, between San-
: chcz and Noe; Improvements consist of a two-
story bay-window dwelling of 8 rooms and
bath: kit 2Sxll4.
ALAMEDA COUNTY RANCH.
Referee Sale.
The following ranch /nust be sold, subject
to .confirmation by the Superior Court. No
increased bid can be offered In court after
this sale. -
This ranch Is located 4 miles northeast of
Llvermore, consists of 3S5 acres bclug portion
of sections 3 and 4, township 3 south, range
east, M. D. B. M.-. also the right of way 25
feet wide over the road as at p.rvaent traveled,
from the northerly line of the above described
property to the county road near school bouse
on the northerly portion of said section 3.
For further particulars apply
O. H. UMHSEN & CO.,
¦ . 20 Montgomery st.
— —— ~\
$1 25 PER week: no Interest: lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: nil level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
on; Close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., room 8.
WHY, If you want a home In the Mission,
don't you seo those lots. 25x125. west line
I Noe tt., 200 feet south of 10th st.7 We fur-
- ntfh >ou the lot and money to build. You
pay us back same as rent; lots only $1000;
graded, ready to lay foundations; actually
'" cheap for $15C0. DOLAN CO.. owners.
A~ HOME
That will pay for Itself for sale by the Me-
chanics' Home Eulldlntr Company: two new,
modern ,flats of 5 and 6 rooms, high base-
ment; large lot; on east side of Third ave.,
between A and B sts.. north of park. See
them to-day. Agent on ground.
t;760 A 9-R00M residence; porcelain plumb-
Ing- modern mantels, tiling; lot 25x120, with
rear L; west line; 129 2d ave., ISO ft. south
Lake or Sacramento st.; $500 cash; $30 mo.;
pame as rent. Dolan Co., owners, 24 Mont.
FIVE-ROOM cottage; porcelain plumbing,
modern Improvements, laundry, yard; rent.
$25: north side of O'Farrell st.; $3S0O only.
Inquire 1301 Devisadero st.
FREE .fcomeattad presented by Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. See,
J. E. GORDON, 628 Croaaley bldg.. 2:30 to 5
p. m. dally. . ,
MONEY at 8 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-8 Crocker building. ' '
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers,- 836 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1. .
ELMHIIRST REAL ESTATE.
$75 EACH — $5 down, $2 50 a month, without
interest; fine lots, close to the staticn; only
a few left. OSCAR HKYMAN. 14 Pon St.
..real estate to exchange.
"^^r^al^or"e3cchangeT"
fiO,000:ONLY for one of tht b«st ranches In
Nnp.i Valley; 124 acres of A No. 1 land: lm-
• rrovemtnts cop t about ?10,000. P. C. L.4B-
SEN & CO.. 400 Tenth St.. Oakland, CaU •
HELI* WANTKLI FEMALE.
WANTED — Flr«s-claE» Protestant cook. n»
* ash, $35; cook en ranch, some housework,
Sli/; laumlrwK. Urge family, $4<>; Scandi-
navian working housekeeper. $25; bcandi-
Itafael. :i in family. $;::•; cowk for 12 men.
$25; 4 ccK.-k?. plain wash. $30; first-class
seoord pill. KSS; waitress for sprlnG*. $25;
kitchen ar.d dining-room heliwr for delioates-
wn store, $.""; head dining-room girl, family
Jxxardir.g-house. $."0; 3 waitresses, same
¦place. $25 «-»eh; 5 waitresses and chamber-
maids, dty ar.d country hotel*. $25; 24 girls
for trencral housework- in small American
f3mi!i<-*. (23 and S-'iO; 2 first-class nurse*.
«2u and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _
co.. :nn Suttrr t-t.
IAI GOD WE TBUST.
Go'.den Gate Employment Office. 1211 Ninth
«\-f . off H Ft., alongside of Golden Gate
Park and next door to Public Library: free.
readirg-room for ladies; best help provided
for a'.l purposes, for city and country
throughout the States; emallert office
charges: employers please pay half the office
fee; r.ioney orders payable to T. SPEAK-
MAN. Station G. San Francisco.
A MOTHER with daughter to cook fcr 30
men, tt'; sevend r.rl. $25; 6 housegirls, $30
and $1'5: cook and second girl, Alameda, $30
and $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 gutter st.
GIRLS wanted for ren*ral housework; 2 girls
wanted. *20. » San Francisco Employment
Bureau. 710 Suttt-r at; references required.
A-WA.V1ED — Girls to learn tialrdresslng.
manicurinc. etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 »'»k> ; $r> to those entering now; 3 po- i
6ltlois to fill immediately; positions ruaran-
l-«-d at $30 per week up; leading school In '
Wt-st. •ZVM Gt an- »t.. room 11
A — GIRL to learn millinery now for fall sea-
pen; both seasons tauglit from start to finish
in 1 month for $15: position as trimmers.
saJesIadif s. etc, guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdressing
trade, manicuring, masfage. etc.; positions
i«f-cured at hicheFt wares; day & eve. classes;
thorough system. Removed to 133 Powell.
WANTED — By the United Worklncmen's Boot j
& Shoe Co., lady tag writer and marker on (
shoes: ?xperience<l hand preferred. Apply to
supt. at factory. 2T>}h. and Bartlett sts.
WAITED — Neat young woman for general
housework ; lleht washinr; 4 adults; good
rocra; $25. 140 First ave.. near Clay et.
WAITRESS wanted. 1181 Market st.
CIRL fcr grr.cral housework; private family.
546 Turk st.
WOMAN wanted to help In kitchen In restau-
rant. 113 Turk et.
TWO lady solicitors to introduce our goods:
city and country; liberal terms. The Oatlne
Co.. 1C1 Geary «.. room 721.
tlX lady barbers wanted. Call at room fcOC,
Mutual Bank building.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops in August.
Write E. Clemens Horat 122 Battery st..8.K.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received al
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
optaed at lix* Market St.. opposit* Filth.
Opyti until 11 p. m.
JUELf WAXTUO^-MALIS.
AX the California Employment Agency.
14 3d ft., nr. Call Udg.; phone Bush 405.
State pi Nevada; cheap fare refunded.
United States Government work.
50 teamsters and laborers, $2 to $2 25 day.
60 dr;lh-rs. hammer? men snd rockmen. $2 SO
«10 ««D fare. Florence, Arls. Fare $10 OS.
1 -¦-• te&mtters and laborers $2 to $3 So day.
SAWMILL CKEW.
2 ftooI tenders. $55 and found.
Shingle Jointer. s»>e bess here. $45 found.
Board palter. $15 a month and board.
2 tali edgermen, $40 a month and board.
2 pecund trimmermen. $40 month and b^ard.
1 offbearer. $40 a month and board.
10 lumber pilTf, $.'1j to $40 and board.
*> men for rock quarry, $2 25 a cay.
10 Slavonian laborers.' sawmill, $35 found.
Hodcarrier, country. $3 day.
2 laborers, city, board home. $2 25 day.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 3d st.
FARMER anil wife. $75 and found: poultry-
man and wife. $.V> and found; poultryman. $30
and :¦¦.-... limnr faller. $UO and board;
2 crosscut eawyers, $4<t and board; laborers,
for mill. $2 50 day: gang .-.!».¦« rir.^n, *:<u and
board; machine men for «a*h and door
factory. $3 and $3 5o day; 4 carpenter*. $4
day; blacksmith, ft <iay; 2 blacksmith
helpers, f.'io and f.'Jo and board; farmers,
rr.Ilkeis. EtaLIemen, teamsters, laundrymrn
aiid others. J. F. CUOSETT & CO., *£» tiac-
rair.ento rt.
HOTEL cook, country. $«0 and founrt; fry
cook. $14 uwk; waiter for laborers. $30 and
found: (•.•rters. dishwashers tn1 others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., (2S» Sacramento M.
CONTRA CTORs' EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
C35 Wa*hlnrt'">n «t.: phune James :J.'>>1.
15 laborers, city, $1 75; marble polishers,
*2 SO day. city.
Ranch and hay hands, $1 25 and $1 50 found.
Spinners. $1 M day, city; 3 weavers, piece
» ork.
Makers. $30 to $40 and found; 3 plumbers,
?4 day, 8 hours' work.
liaker fcr mine boarding-house, $40 found.
Man and wife, frutt ranch, $45 and found;
w<x)d turner. $•'. DO day. *
10 lRb^rer*. near city, $2 day. 8 hours.
£Iack coopers, 10c barrel, repair work. $2 50
day. L. H. CUTTING * CO.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
S5 Third St.; telephone Main 6521.
Cbok, mirJrg rgrrp. $15 and found.
< ¦r.rrx'nter. city. 93 TO.
"i!ker. 20 co*b, $¦'{<> and faund.
Drillfni. tunnel. $2 TA $2 S3, fre* fare.
licy* for faxtcry. S3 50, good trade.
.fctc.Tf-rs. near city, $2.
ir-amfters. city. $1 5<> and found.
Tanaei. H«imboldt Co., $2 50. $2 75.
I-ctxrors $2. fare 10c, 8 hours.
F!or«nce, Arix.. laborer*. $2. cheap fare.
Uxa to peel tanhark. $4').
WORD & SMITH.
AT C. R HANREN & CO.'S Emp. Office
423 Bush st ..642 Clay st.
NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
Kr«-e Fare. Ship to-day. Free Fare.
jr. bouse carr>enter« $3 50 day
c R HANSEN & CO... Employment Office
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
CC Clay it. I'hone James 2476.
Nevada — Gov«-rnrrw>nt work— Nevada,
1 carriage p«lnt»T. $3 f<0 day.
1 miUcer. $33 month and found.
1 che*»err.aker. ?40 mcrjth and found.
1 npoaJtender. $00 month and found.
1 put-eff rr.tn. box factory. $3 and found.
1 rii>-«aw man. lr>x factory. $2 70 and found.
2 Chinese cooks. $40 and $45 month.
IX GOD WE TRUST.
Golden Gat» Employment Office. I21S Ninth
S.V*.. off H St.. alongside of Golden Gate Park
and next door to public library — Best male
help provided for all purposes, city snd coun-
try, throughout the Htates; smallest office
rharree: employers please pay half the office
?«¦. Money orders payable to T. SPEAK*
MAN, station O. 6an Francisco^
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton st.— Dishwasher
for reeort on the beach. Monterey Co., fare
paid, $25 a month; pantryman for springs,
$25; bread baker, country. $35; waiter, coun-
try. $30. etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Houseman. $30; camp waiter, $30; 2 colored
waiter*. fSO^ I
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at K!5 Golden |
':c.i- -«-.<•. room 7. for free information as
t» p<mitlcn«, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or ••verflnis.
A MAN of Indomitable energy ar.d push, a
good talker. »«f*r to make mon :y. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 478, Parrott tulldlng.
WANTED — Ptraoerapb^r: young man; some
knowlt-dre of bookkeeping. Call 635 Cross-
Iry bulIOins.
WANTED — A eteady man to learn a trade:
will make in short time $50 a month. 21014
Fcilsom st.. uiiftairs.
A ;FEW srrjod solicitors wanted at 850 Market
*t.. rooa 43: steady work and good pay.
WANTED — A ocok for revtaurant at 5Ofl \
Howard «t. ; no Sunday work.
W A NTED —Errand boy. H BERBERT &
UlLO., 1450 Marktt at.
WANTED — A flm-olass wagon blacksmith
!i>-5 j- 1 at 233 U*«le at.
WANTED— Barber; €27 Clay St.; call early.
DESfTXST wanted; Al man for laboratory.
Call Chicago Dental % Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
i>IFHWA£HER and porter. 105 California
Market. T
V\'ANTEI> — Good barber for Saturday and Sun-
day. 1805 Howard *t.. near Fourteenth.
F^'R SALE — Barber two-chair shop, $75.
MULLER. Pwigct way. Berkeley.
BARUER shop for salo; 3 rooms In back part;
cash rent. $8. 1547 Misslor. st.
TOUNG roan to helpjn grocery store. North-
west corner Twenty-sixth and Eanchez sts.
1*0 QVARBTME?:. 212 Ninth «C ¦ t
IIF.H' WA.VTKl) — MM,K— Continued.
, MURRAY & READY, phone Main 5848.
034 and U3U Clay st.; CS48 phone Main.
Lending Employment and Labor Agents.
1903 We Gave layt \\' e Hope to
O0.OCO Men Work. Increase tiO.000.
Spanish — German— French.
Italian— Swiss — Greek.
NEVADA STATE— 8 HOURS. •
Government Wogk— Free Fare.
3o5 teamsters. $2 to %2 60 day.
Drillers, hammermem. etc., $75 to $00.
Special shipment of one passenger car to-day.
ARIZONA— FLORENCE— ARIZONA.-
1050 MILES— $10 00.
2 special passengers dally over Santa F«.
2555 men wanted.
Drillers, rockmen, teamsters, laborers, etc.,
$2, $2 50. $3 to $3 CO 'day.
SOUTH — »ce MILES— $4 06— SOUTH.
555 teamsters, you'll suit, $60.
TO THE LUMBER.
?X> laborers, no experience wanted, $60;
Edgerman, sugar pine, $00; ox teamster, $50
fd. ; head donkcyman, $C0 fd. ; 2 carriage
setters; ht-ad logger for woods, $75 fd.; 10
Scandinavian laborers, sawmill co., $00;
•screw turners, hook tenders," edgermen,
logger who understands rigging, $t>0 fd. ;
shingle packerv. cutoff sawyers, moulder,
sticker hand, cutoff sawyer run boring ma-
chine, $2.
CARPENTERS— CARPENTERS.
16 carpenters, build fcows. boats, dredgers;
eteady; exceptionally good job; $1C5.
9 carpenter?, housework; fare $1; $°i day.
j 3 carpenters, plain work; fare 3t>c; $.'{ 60 day.
j 3 carpenters, fare 2t'o: factory, $3 day.
' Carpi-nter, c. c. co. : fare $1; $2 day and fd.
Carpenter, ranch Job; fare $1; $40 and found.
3 ship carpenters. $2 75 day and found.
MILLWRIGHT.
Millwright, factory work; fars 40c; $3 day.
OTHER TRADESMEN.
Blacksmith, lumber company, $50 and found.
Blacksmith, mining town, $75 and found.
IS horseshoens, all round blacksmiths . and
helpers: city and country Jobs; $4 $8 50. $:i,
$2 50 day.
4 wheelwrights, different jobs, $3 to $4 day.
4 carriage painters. $4; :s Bticker hands. $4.
18 coopers, slack work; north and south.
, 9 sash and door hands. $3 to $3 SO day.
4 plumbers. *4 day; shingler. 00c per M.
€5 laborers; free fare; $1 fee.
NEW BRICKYARD: FARE $150.
4 laborers, fare $1 50 $2 day.
1 wheeler, fare $1 50. $2 day.
1 dumper, fare $1 50. $2 to $2 50 day.
105 W'OODCHOPPERS. TTEMAKERS.
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIES.
S6 laborers, for mines. $40 and $30 fd.
15 drillers, no fare to pay, $07 50.
LABORERS, TEAMSTERS.
S3 scraper and wagon teamstera, $2 25 a day.
164 laborers, all over California, some in San
Francisco. $2 and $2 50 a day.
35 laborers. 8 hours' work daily, that's all,
$2 a day.
HAY AND HARVEST HANDS.
81 haymakers, all over State. $1 50 day fd.
3S harvest hands, sack sewers, pitchers, etc.,
$2 a day and found.
18 teamsters, extra good jobs, $1 60 and $2 a
day and found.
DAIRYMEN. STABLEMEN.
64 milkers, extra good Jobs, come eee, $35,
/ $40 and found.
6 buttermaktrs, 2 eheesemakers, $40. $50 fd".
16 stablemen, city and country jobs, $75,
$cu. $::.'• and found.
4S choremen and boys, different jobs, $35
and ?3O.
MURRAY-READY.
634 end C3t> Clay St. fr
FOREMAN
for a vineyard and orchard; call early; will
pay the wages: »a want the man.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and C36 Clay St.
MAN to run cyanide plant, understands chem-
istryt bos* htre, good wages; also 12 machine
miners. $U0.
MURUAY & READY. C34 and 63C Clay st.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, ranch, Monterey Co.. $60 fd.
c'ook anj wife. 1.5 men, mine, fare $3, $40 fd.
Cook and wife, lumber camp, ?SO found.
Cook and waitress, city Job. $50 found.
MCker and wife. Northern Cal., $30 found.
4 farmers and wives. $50, $«> $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY, C34 and 636 Clay et.
hotel" dept! ~ ~
First and second cooks, country. $150.
Tamalf maltFr._$4O fd.: cook. 5 men, mine.
Seoond hotel cook. $C5 fd.
Kitchen helper, spring*. $30 fd.
Cock's helper, mine, $;«>; Walter, mine, $30.
12 cook*, different places. $.'!0 to $Ci fd.
9 waiters, different places. $30 to $40 fd.
27 dishwashers, $25. $30. $35 fd.
Porters, l-ell and elevator boys, pantry men.
Second cook. mine. $40 fd.
LOOK •
Clprk. merchandise etore. $30 fd.
Milk wagen driver, extra good Job. $40 fd.
3 butchers.
Stconl bak?r. far > $3 50. $45 fd.
LAUNDRYMEN.
Laundryman, plain work. Institution, $."0 fd.
MURRAY & READY,
,' C34 and (3G Clay st.
WANTED — A young man. experienced wrap-
per, jo take charge of wrapping department ;
r»f*-rem<>ji re7ju!re<i. Cnli at STRAUSS &
FROHMAN, 107 Post st.
WANTED— Men learn the barber trade: why
you rhouM learn at Haight's College: he
psvs his instructor higher wages than other
colleges; students from r.th-r colleges pay
him to rraduate them: he finishes you in a
barber shop; he teachen you cheaper. Call
at Ha ghts College. «J7 Commercial St.. 8. 1'.
WANTED — By Urge department store in
Alaska, pxperienced salesman with excep-
tional ability, who understands dry KO'-wls,
clothlnp. shn*'?, merr and h<use furnishings;
liberal salary paid right man; write pniire
history and qualifications. Box 1004, Call,
-— -
M'n to learn the BARUER TRADE; only
eight weeks require*!; positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert in«truction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLlXiE. <Vi5 Clay st.
WANTED— Three flrst-rl«s» carriage black-
smiths and three first-class body makers;
good wages anj strarly employment to right
parties Apply A. MEISTER & SONS CO.,
Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — A first class clcak and suit man
to take charge of a retail cloak and suit
department: city experience required; good
wares. Address N. L. && Co.. box 1085, Call
office.
WANTED — Lahorers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkm. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 TlilrJ nt.: 250 rocms; 25 to 50c per night.
FIRST class soap maker. Apply at 0 o'clock
a. m. Metropolitan Laundry Co., 605 Mont-
gomery at.
COUNTRY hotel barber shop, near city; no
rent; a bargain. Apply HyBERNARD, 104
Seventh rt;
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO j air; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express cr mall charges. 11 8d St., Etaid. bid.
CARRIAGE trimmers and painters at
O'BRIEN Sc SONS. 500 Golden Gate ave.
TWO chair barber shop for nale. good busi-
ness. Inquire L. P.. 1718 Stockton st.
DOT wanted at C23 Mission st. .
BOY wanted. 533 Mission st.
CASH painters wanted at O'BRIEN Be. SON'S,
corner Polk st. and Golden Gate ave.
B A RISERS — 2-chalr shop fcr sale. Corner
Fourteenth and Folsom sts.
| WANTED— Man to clean up bakery. Ill
i Laritln st.
FOR mIo— Barber shop. 1407 Buchanan st.
A profitable outing: pick hop* In August. Write
E.CLl'MENS HORST CO.. 122 Battery »t.,S.F.
LABOR debts collected: suit*, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., S28^Montgy, r. 415.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 74 1A Howard_at.
SAILORS and~youn* men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, S17 Jackson St.
PENSION Atty.,E. A. Bullis, r.40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post,_0-_A._R.
fc'AILORS and~ordmary seamen for all parts of I
; the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st. |
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus an! baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch of flee, cor. Pun can and Churchy sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
op<ne<i at 1«K>8 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5G3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and ~A sis.
GET your shoes half-soled while waltlnc; 25c
to 50c. &G3 Miszlon St., bet. let and 2d sts.
____________ _
GOOD Investment— A limited numitr of shares
at 25c per share; this stock will be 'worth
cne dollar <fl) per share witntn a year; call
or write Osceola Mining and Development ,
Company. 414 Crossley building. 8. F.
50 PER cent Interest fn raisinr mushrooms by
wholesale. Inquire A. SCHUTZ, Mill Valley,
Cal.
WANTS IF THCY ONLY KNOW WHAT YOU WANT
? t i u^ a El II IL, I v^l TL I v l II YVy VV VV I I/VI I V vJ VV I il i IMkt-st C «».115« — . (1009) 104% —
no km r#.nr 111 aei2) 11s us
MV&MtT fts.lOlH — SPC leg 5«. .110 —
N n of C 6s. 107 — Do stmpd..l07«i; —
Do 5s 116»411T S P'B 11 Cs.UlV. — •
N P C H 8s. 104 — S V Wat 6s. — —
N C Ky Ss..llO 112 Do 4* 2dm. OSH 99
N C P C 6s. »S — Do 4a 3dm. — 99
NSRR fin.lOO 100H Do r mtg4s 07H —
O O L*H 6s.lO7 — Stkn G&E 6s — 101
O W gtd 6f. — 1M U O t E 6s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — - 40 (Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... — 60 |S V Wat Co. 37H 3S
GAB AND ELECTRIC
Cent L * P. 3H 4 S F G & K. 61^ 63
Mutual EL.— 12H Stkn C, fc K. f.\ —
Pac L Co... 60H — U G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — S3S | I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.l27H — Lon. P & A..1U 160
Anglo-Cal .. Mi. f«H Mer Trust... — 215
Bank ef Cal. 423 — Merch Ex 60 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 8 F National — "
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger 8 & L.22S0 2350 |Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S * L. — — Sec Sav Bk.. — 4S0
Mut Fav Bk.100 — " I U'nton T Co.. —
8 F S*T U.MO - j •,.•'• _;
Continued From Pago Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Henry P.. James L. and Laura A. H&wka to
Redmond W. Payne, lot on 8W corner of Lom
bard and Laxktn streets. B 23 by W 103:9; $10.
P. B. Cornwall to Lillian F. Brady, lot on
S line of McAllister street. 169 IB of Flllmore,
E 25 by S 137:6 quitclaim deed; $5.
- Lillian F. Brady to Carl :_ von der Mehden,
same; $10.
Kathertne M. Buneman (widow) to Katherlne
M. Buneman .<slngle), tot on X line of Broad
way. 145 W of Stelner street. W 42:6 by N
137:6; also lot on N line of Broadway, 195 E
of Pierce street, E 30 by N 137:6; $1000.
Margaret C. Davis to Harriet J. Welsch
(wife of W. C). lot on S line of Sutter street,
S7:6 W of Scott, W 25 by S 87:6; $10.
Edward L. and Alice F. Hunt to William
E .Lutx, lot on W line of Baker street, 105
N" of Clay, N 25 by W 106:3; $10.
William M. and TIHte or Matilda Kllnger
to Sarah Brodek. lot on E line of Lyon street.
r»0 S of Oak. S 25 by E 91:2; also undivided
»4 of lot on SE corner of Market and ¦ West
Senchea streets. SW S3:4, SB 07:6. N 12S:3;
$10. ',
Mamie. Kate, Lillian and Maggie Plunkett
to Grace M. Toung. lot on.E Une of Central
avenue K-.7 1 * S of Sacramento street, S 25
by E i00: $10. , -
Sarah J. Miller to Rudolph. O. J. P. DahL
•WEDNESDAT. JUNE 15.
RKAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
center line of Spring Btreet, 131.8, th«oe» on
a curve 675 feet radius, deflecting to right or
8 60.7 to S line of Fortieth street, said curve
continuing thence until center line of Fortieth
street becomes tangent thereto, portion of plat
30 Kellersberger't map of Rancho» V. and D.
Pe'ralta. Oakland: $10.
Same to same. same. Oakland: $12.
John C Apple-xhlte to Frances A., all Interest
in the following: Lot on S line of Felton
street 175 E of Calais, E 37:6 by S 135. por
tion of lots 4 and 5. block O. Paradise Park.
Oakland; also lot on S line of Felton street.
137:6 E of Calais, E 37 :« by S 135. portion
of lota 3 and 4. block G. same. Oakland; also
lot on S line of Felton street. 100 E of Calais.
E 37:6 by S 135, being \T 37:6 feet of lot 3
block O, same. Oakland: $10.
Same to name, lot 10, block E. Knowl«s and
Potter subdivision of Kennedy Tract, East
Oakland: $10.
William A. and Nancy E. Donaldson to
Charles A. Reeks, lot on NE Une of East
Twenty-third street, 200 SE of Thirteenth ave
nue. SE 45 by NE 130. block HI. Cllntoa.
Ea»t Oakland: $10.
Ann M. Snyder. guardian of estate of Edna
1 B. Snyder (minor) to Daniel Fessler. lot 15.
block D. Klinkntrville Tract, Oakland Town
1 ship; $050.
Harriet N. Connesa to John Connean Jr.. lot
on S Hoe of Bancroft way. 50 \V of Bowdltch.
W 51.22 by S 130:3. portion lot 5. block 10.
Col'.ege Homestead. Berkeley; gift.
Edwin and Julia A. Sherrett to Henry D.
Foster, let on W line of McGfe avenue. 330 s
of Add ison "street, S 40 by W 130. 'portion lot
10. block 5> map MtG-.e Tract, etc.. Berkeley;
flO
The Realty Syndicate to Phila V. v Adrian
(wife of H. A.), S twenty-four feet of lot S.
all of lot« 4 and 5 and N seven feet of lot 6.
Mock 24. McCee Tract, portion pUt «7. etc.
Berkeley: lift
CHKntWURiV— Arrive* J«n* U— Star Pre
torU. from N>»t Yvirt, n* Ftyraouta. foj
New Tort. »n4 t**v»*S»A V
Si'.'.M Jtta* IS— S»«w TxJviTiprCsi TTUJieim.
from I*r»m»n a».1 Svw«ri*Ttyptvm f«T K»«» Tork
MOVTLLE — ArrtvM X»w 3»— Stmr EtWopl*;
from X«w Tcrfc. for \V.*xjr*y*,, a»a proceeded.
Qrr.KXSTt)WX~.Vrrtne4 JTttTi* 15— Stmt
Irereia. from TV«t«n fwr t,Jv*rr.v^: etmr Teu
tonic. ftsMn N't* Tot*., fvar Lix^rpool, and
proc****,***;.
SalV.! Jutw> IS— 5twr AtsrS*. frwn Liverpool,
for N^w Tor*. •
UVKRT\XM^-«»«M **»• IS — Stssr Oceanio.
tor N>w Torlt, vl* vj-wwiwt .*¦«•&. .rras
NEW TOTtK— Arrtv»J Jus* 1>— Srsr Ceor
gic. from Ut»n>ociJ: sttr.r L»sr»Rtlne. from
Glasgow. Tta H.\-::a-t ; str-j 5U**m*c. from
UT*rr<x»! and (Jsf»s«.iwn,
S*»e«1 Jua* t$— Sttnr O*vSrt»\ !"•.¦* Liverpool.
CCEAX STEAMr^S
Late Shipping Intelligence.
The Ministers of the Porte, after bar
ing decided that Turkey should not ba
represented at the St. Louis exposition,
were influenced to change their de
cision when the following facts wer»
submitted: Since the establishing o2
direct steamship service Datween New
York and Turkish ports freight rates
have been reduced from $3 73 to U 15
a ton: the value of Turkish imports ta
the United States has increased from
$4,000,000 to J5.CW.C0O per annum, and
the United States is buying from Tur
key, direct, more than $10,000,000 per
annum. — Exchange.
The water committee, of which Trus
tee, W. J. • Martin is, chairman, has
taken the matter up and the dispute
must be adjusted or legal entangle
ments will result. The water com
pany has been shutting off the supply
from various customers without any
notice being given. These consumers
were thus deprived of any water for
drinking or cooking purposes.
The matter, has assumed such alarm
ing proportions that a special meeting
was called. The water committee con
vened, the full Board of Trustees
and a large number of citizens being
present. It was virtually an indigna
tion meeting. Many of the water con
sumers who claimed to have been ill
treated, were most vehement In their
denunciation of. the corporation.
A petition, signed by eighteen heads
of families, numbering in all .seventy
seven consumers, was presented. This
petition set forth the grievances. They
were in substance: That the Bay Land
and Water Company . had on June 5
shut the supply off from the petition
ers' homes for a period of twenty-four
hours without giving any notice to
consumers of its intention.
The petition called forth animated
discussion.
SAUSALITO, Jtine 13.— The. Bay
Land Water Company of South Sausa
llto and the Board of Trustees are at
outs. As a result most restrictive or
dinances will be passed by the board
unless the corporation discontinue cer
tain practices with their consumers.
Is Blade to Board of
Trustees.
Citizens Have a Grievance and Appeal
SATJSALITO INDIGNANT
TOWARD WATER COMPANY
Mr. Nolan had acquired a great rep
utation for tact, so that when Mr. Cas
sidy fell from a ladder and broke his
leg it was quickly decided bv all the
workmen that Mr. Nolan should bear
the tidings to Mrs. Cassldy.
"He broke the news gradual." said
Mr. Leahy to his wife that night, "and
by th<t time she learned the truth she)
was as calm as a clock, they say. Oh,
he's a great man, is Tlmmy Nolan!"
"How did he do it?" - asked Mrs.
Leahy, impatiently.
"Like this." said Mr. Nolan's ad
mirer. "He wlnt to the house and rang
the bell, and he says: 'Thin Dinnia 1»
not dead, Mrs. Cassidy, or you'd nivir
be so gay lookin'.
" 'Dead!' she screeches. "Who said
he was dead?*
•• 'Thin it's not thrue he's near to
dyin* wld the smallpox, either,' said
Timmy, 'or you'd nivlr be lookin* so
amazed.'
" 'Smallpox!' she cries. 'Ha» he got
the smallpox. Tlmmy Nolan, and been
tuk to the hospital widout m© sayln'
good-by to him?"
" 'Sure, an* he had not.' said Tlmmy
Nolan in a comfortln' tone. 'It's only
that he's broken a few bones In hla
le£, fallln' from a ladder, and Fra sint
ahead wld the news.'
" 'It's vou that's a thru© friend, an*
you've lifted a big load from me heart,*
said Mrs. Cassldy. and she gave him a
warm shake to his hand and wlnt back
to her washin'."— Youth's Companion.
Mr. Nolan's Embassy.
CHARGED WITH MURDER.— Mrs. 1 Dell*
A'.len. 111S Market street, was booked at the
City Prison yesterday by Detective Bralg oa
a charge of murder In connection with tha
death of Mrs. May Zeller. whose husband la
employed at the Victoria Hotel. Mrs. Zeller
died on Sunday mornisg at the McXutt ill
pltal.
END3 LIFE WITH OAS. T H. S. Tlemaa wu
found unconscious la th« Uving-room of his
store, 230S Howard street, yesterday morn
ing with a rubber tube attached to a gas Jet In
his mouth. He died while being taken to th«
City and County Hospitai. Desoondeacy la
supposed to have been the cause of the raja
act.
Ask for a Receiver for a Hotel.
ST. LOUIS, June 15.—Suit has been
filed asking that a receiver be ap
pointed for the Oakland Hotel Com
pany, which operated a hotel erected
near the TVorlcTs Fair grounds.
MINNEAPOLIS. June 15.— Dr. A.
Ames, former Mayor of this city, was
reported to be dying late this after
noon. Phvsicians were summoned and
expressed the opinion that he may live)
through the night.
Former Mayor Ames Is Very Low.
The presentation speech was made
by Mr. Keogh, who said in the course
of his remarks that he was sure the
recipient would do honor to the com
mission he represented and honor to
the citizens of San Francisco. Mayor
Schmitz then arose and pinned the
badge on Mr. Wreden's breast.
Mr. "Wreden in thanking his friends
for this exquisite token of esteem said
he would pledge himself to do and
carry out the .best Ideas and the best
thoughts of the citizens of this great
commonwealth In his endeavors to
fulfill the commissions of his office.
Felicitous speeches were made by
Ferris Hartman and Paul Stelndorff.
Altogether the affair was a magnifi
cent entertainment in every way and
it was long after . midnight ere the
festivities came to an end. Those pres
ent were:
H. M. 'Wreden. lion. B. B. Schmitz.
P. A. Maestrettl. J. J. Barrett. Thomas Alton.
F. P. Schuster. G»org« Alp«ra. Edward
Go»tze. J. McWllllams. J. P. Wltiel. Frank
Won, James J. Ludlow. Charles ZInkand.
Joseph Lalb. Charles J. Collins, Louis Flcbter,
Peter Moreno. "W. A. Harvey. F. J. Mc-
Wllllams. Thomas Keogh, Joseph Borne. J. S.
Parry, Theo Lunstedt. W. A. Fredericks,
Rudolph Mohr. A. Hummel. C. Stein. John
Lankenau. Thomas Bchnohr. W. H. Rankln.
Paul Stelndorff. O. II. ITmbaen. W. O.
•Wreden, Ferris Hartman. Joseph O. Mans
field.
Commissioner Boyne responded to
the toast, "The Fire Department."
During his remarks he said that his
sole aim and ambition was to do what
he could to make the department effi
cient in every detail. Theodore Lun
stedt replied to the toast. "The City's
Dads." Commissioner J. S. Parry
started out to respond to the toast,
"The Ladies," and after throwing to
them a large amount of brilliant and
glorious bouquets, he suddenly shifted
away from the subject and began to
tell a few stories of what he knew
about the Fire Department.
Dr. W. A. Harvey had a whole lot
to say about the Board of Health, and
In the course of his remarks he de
plored the fact that no appropriations
had been made to carry out the duties
for exterminating Infectious diseases.
At this period in the proceedings the
guest of honor was presented with a
magnificent gold badge in the shape of
a shield ornamented with a superb
diamond. •
KEOGII TALKS.
BOYXE TALKS.
H. M. Wreden, the newly appointed
Fire Commissioner, was the recipient
of a handsome banauet at the Claren
don HoteMast night, tendered to him
by his many friends. It came to him
as a surprise. The entertainment was
a royal one in every way. , The long
table, laden with magnificent floral of
ferings, was only an accessory to the
Epeeches of congratulation and good
cheer that came from his friends as
sembled around the festive board.
Thomas A. Keogh was toastmaster
of the evening. Hln genial countenance,
coupled with his effervescent spirit of
good fellowship, directed the entertain
ment on to a complete and successful
issue. The spread was superb and was
accompanied by sparkling wines of the
finest vintage. After the menu had
been thoroughly discussed, speech
making becamo the order of the even
ing.
Mayor Schmitz, who sat at the right
hand of the guest of honor, spoke in
his happiest vein. His "efforts," he
said, had always been for the welfare
and the progression of out great com
monwealth. His aim was to make the
municipality the greatest that floated
under the stars and stripes.
The new superior general was born
June 27, 1839, in London, England,
though his parents were Americans.
When he was only a few months of
age his family returned to this coun
try and during his youth he attended
the Brookline, Mass.. High School,
from which he entered Harvard Uni
versity in 1853. Four years later he
graduated with very high honors.
After graduation he did astronomi
cal work at the Dudley Observatory.
Albany. N. T., and at the Harvard
Observatory, and in 1868 he entered
the Paulist community and was or
dained a priest in 1871.
Father Searle was a friend of the
late Admiral Sampson of tha United
States navy and suggested to him tha
plan of a range finder, which has
since led to the invention by a naval
officer of an Instrument of great prac
tical use.
This honor was not unexpected. In
asmuch as Father Searla is the old
est living member of the Paulist or
d^r and has for many years occupied
a prominent position In the society.
Father Searle Is not only prominent
as a superior and priest, but is well
known in the scientific world for hl3
work in astronomical research.
He was Invited by tha late Pop«
Leo XIII to accept an appointment at
the Vatican, but on account of work
in which he was engaged in the Unit
ed States he felt compelled to decline)
the honor.
The Very Rev. Father H. H. "Wey
man. superior and rector of St. Mary's
(Paulist) Church, received a telegram
yesterday announcing: the election by
the Paulist Chapter, which is now In
session In New York City, of the Very
Rev. George M. Searle as superior
general. *
Father Searle had been for the last
eight years first consultor of th« lata
superior general. Father Deshon, and
was elected by the board of consultors
as superior pro tern, after Father De-
Bhon's death.
Mayor Schmitz Pins a Gold
Badge on Breast of Guest
Amid Shouts of Applause
Suggests to Late Admiral
a Device Which Leads to
an Important Invention
A FRIEND OF SAMPSON
PEOMINENT MEN SPEAK
Newly Appointed Fire Com
missioner Given Surprise
. in Honor of Good Fortune
Very Kev. Father George M.
Searle Elected Superior
General of Paulist Order
WREDEN DINED
BY ASSOCIATES
CONFERS HONOR
UPON A DIVINE
¦' '. STREET RAILROADS. "$£%
California ...194 200- IPresldio ..... 40 — ,'«
Geary ......— 60 |
POWDER.
Giant 60 61 lyigorit ..... — G
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — I5o Kllauea 8 C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 60 62 Makawcll C 21U 22
Honokaa 8 C 11% 12- Onomea 8 C. 24 27%
Hutch 8 P C 8 9 Paauhau S C 13 13 Vi
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. — 139 Oceanic 8 C. 4% —
Cal F C A.. — 09% Pac Aux FA. 5 «
Cal Wine A. 80% 00% Pac C Borax.167% —
MV&Mt Tm.lOO —
Morning Session.
Board— .
$2,000 Bay Counties Power Co 6s...... 101 75
$10,000 North Shore 6» 100 25
$3,000 8 F and 8 J V 6s 116 75
Afternoon 8«m Ion. ' ¦'
Street—
$5,000 Edison L and P to 124 00
$1,000 Market-street Ry 1st con 5s.... U4 60
30 Spring .Valley Water Co 37 75
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
V Bid. Ask Bid. Aik.
Bay C P C. — 99 8 P C Ry 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6s. — — 8 P Co 4%«. 90 —
Cal IN W 5s. — 112 sun T&T Us. 113 —
MCWatBs.lOO — Do 6s — 103
Ills I W 6s. — 107% Sutter-st 6s. 106 113
SF Drdk 6s. — H3% UR of SF 4s. 78% —
BF & NP 6s. — 111%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala 8 Co. ... — 30 Mat Nav Co. — 80
Amer Bis Co — 90 Mills Ntl Bk. — —
Cal Cot Mills 80 87 Nev Ntl Bk.. 180 200
C O & E Cor 45 60 NSRR.... »K —
O Jockey Cl. — — N C PCo... — U
Cal Pwdr Co.185 160 Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak T Con.. 76 —
Cal T I & T.11S — IOOF Hall A 6 — •
Cen Bk Oak. — C5 Orpbeurfi Co. — 16%
Chutes Co... 6% 7% Pac Cfcaa...l25 —
City & C Bk — , 112 Pac 3 T & T.100 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 7^4 Pa0 Brt y Co. — —
Last Dynm. — 260 Paraf Paint. 88 —
DuP Pdr pfd — 90 8 F Drydock. 60 —
Do com... — 60 SF&BJV Coal 25 82%
FN Ilk Oak. 120 — S J Wat Co. — 106
Fischer Thtr 85o 1% s O&Tgbt C.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.108 — Swlss-A Bnk.115 —
Gas Con As. — _2 Truckee Bleo 11 12%
Hono P Co.. 14 — UR In Co pfd 46% — .
Lon&SF Bk. — 60 Do com 9 —
California Stock andO il Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 40 49
Associated Trust Certificates. 18 20
Azteo ox
California Standard 13 ....
Caribou j 60 4 00
Chicago Crude 20
Claremont 68 70
Four 70
Giant ]5 ....
Hanford 175 00
Home 1 40 1 60
Imperial 18 00
Independence 26 27
Kern 4 60 ....
Monarch (of Arizona) 40
Monte Crlsto 65 70
Occidental of W Va 05 ....
Oil City Petroleum 67 60
Peerless IS 60 15 00
Reed Crude 160 ....
Sovereign 38
Sterling 2 63
Superior 04 ....
Thirty-three 8 25
Toltec 21 ....
Twenty-eight 8 25 ....
West Shore 2 60 ....
Associated Bonds 79 00
Miscellaneous —
California Jockey Club _,... 125 00
Chutes Company 800
Cypress Lawn , Imp Co 7 00
Fischer's Theater 65 . 90
Northern Cal Power 11 00
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — »
600 Independence 26
800 Claremont -. tf»
Street —
625 Associated 19
• - Afternoon Session.
No sale*.
Mining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the 'sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Alpha 12] 200 Ophlr 8 00
600 Bullion 12 300 Overman 22
100 Caledonia ... 70 600 Potosl 10
100 Chollar 11 100 Savage 17
200 Con C & Va.1 25 200 Seg Belcher .. CO
60 Con (J & Va.l 80 100 Sierra Nev .. S3
600 Con N Y .....03 100 Union Con . . 43
600 Exchequer .. 43 100 Yellow Jacket. 22
SOO Mexican 1 20
, , Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 26 300 Scorpion 15
' 600 Bullion 11 200 Seg Belcher .. 08
350 Caledonia ... 69 100 Sierra Nav . . 38
200 Con C &. Va.l 25 200 Sliver Hill .. 61
200 Gould &. Cur. 20 100 Union Con .. 47 t
200 Justice 09| 800 Utah 15
800 Potosi 10 sot) Yellow Jacket. 22
200 Savage 16|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGES.
Following were the sales on the Pactflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Belcher 24 200 Ophlr 8 93
100 Caledonia ... 72 100 Savage 17
600 Con Imperial. 01 600 Sliver Hill .. 47
COO Crown Point. 10 600 Silver Hill .. 43
100 Exchequer .. 44 100 Yellow Jacket. 24
100 Gould & Cur. 20 100 Yellow Jacket. 23
200 Ophlr 4 00
Afternoon Session.
800 Bullion Ill 100 Mexican 123
COO Caledonia ... 70| 100 Ophlr 4 05
100 Caledonia ... C9J 200 Overman 24
200 Hale & Ne-ro. 70 300 Scorpion 15
800 Kentuck 03 700 Sierra Nsv .. 83
60 Mexican 120 200 Utah 15
TONOPAn MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Brunswick ... 15 400 Ton Belmont.. 71
100 Mont Ton.. 2 07Mi 700 Ton Belmont.. 72
200 Mont Ton .. .2 10 2000 Ton Gold M.. 16
100 Mont Ton.. 2 12% 1000 Ton Gold M.. 17
600 Mont Ton ...2 15 S57 Ton Midway.. 40
100 Ray & O'Brien 07 1100 Ton N Star... 2S
1000 Ray & O'Brien 08 1000 Ton N Star... £7
1200 Rescue 10
Afternoon Session.
10.000 Esperania . 02 600 Raj' & O'Brien 10
600 Evelyn 31 10o0 Rescue ....... 10
1000 MacNamara . 41 200 Ton Belmont.. 73
3000 MacNamara . 42 1300 Ton Belmont. . 72
6000 MacXamara . 43 500 Ton Gold M. 18
300 MacNamara . 44 1760 Ton" Oold M. 19
1000 MacNamara . 46 1000 Ton Midway.. 42
100 Mont Ton.. 2 12% 100 Ton Midway.. 4.1
100 Mont Ton ...2 10 600 Ton Midway.. 44
300 Mont Ton ...2 15 20 Ton of Nev. .9 25
600 Ray & O'Brien 09 600 West End ... IB
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. '
WEDNESDAY. June 15—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 11 13 Justice OS 09
Alta 05 07 Kentuck 03 ¦ 05
Andes 11 12 Keyes Gra.es.. — 120
Belcher 26 27 Lady Wash .. — 06
Best & Belch.l 00 1 15 Mexican 1 25 1 30
Bullion 10 11 Occidental ... 79 81
Caledonia ... 70 ,.71 Ophlr .. 4 05 4 10
Challenge Cen 14 16 Overman 24 25
Chollar 12 IS Potosl 10 11
Confidence ... 95 1 05 Scorpion 16 18
Con C & Va.1 30 1 35 Savage 18 19
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher .. v OS 09
Con NY.... 03 ,06 Sierra Nev . . 80 40
Crown Point. 15 1G Silver Hill ..04 5T
East Sierra N 06 — St Louis .... 09 10
Eureka Con.. — 60 Syndicate .... 03 04
Exchequer .. 40 43 Union Con .. 4T 49
Gould & Cnr. 23 24 Utah 15 16
Hale & Noro. CS 70 Yellow Jacket. 23 26
Julia 07 CO
TOXOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Colehan — 07 Rescue 00 10
Eaperania ... 02 03 Ton Belmont.. 72 78
Gold Anchor.. — 28 Ton Cash Boy — 25
Oold M Con. 01 02 Ton Ex 87% —
Hannapah M. 23 — Ton & O W.. OS
Jim Butler... 60 1 CO Ton Oold M. 1R 19
Little Ton ..36 — Ton Midway.. 43 45
Lucky Tom.. — 03 Ton of Nev.. 8 73 —
Mlzpah Exten..l0 — Ton N Star.. 28 29
Mont Ton. .2 12% 2 15 Ton * Salt L 60 ' M
Paymaster ... — 07 United Ton .. — 12
Ray & O'Brien — 00 West End ..15 —
Ray Ton ... 15 20
Magdalena M. Hamilton (executrix estate of
William T. Hamilton) to D. E. Bortree. all In
terest in lot on W line of Vernon street, 672.50
N of Oakland avenue, 8 30. W 100. N 2S. E 7.
E 93.50, portion lot 26, block C. Oakland
Heights. Oakland: $1000.
The Realty Syndicate (a corporation) to Oak
land Transit Consolidated. San Franciaco, Oak
land and San Jose Railway • (a corporation),
for railroad purposes a strip of land 50 feet
¦wide extending from E line of Linden street
to 8 line of Fortieth street, being 25 feet on
each side of and contiguous to line located as
follows: Beginning at point where the center
line of Spring street if produced E would In
tersect the E line of Linden. NE a'.cng said
Carrie A. McKeen (widow) to Ella B. Me-
Keen, lot on NE corner of Ninth and Peralta
streets. E 115 by N 27, portion lota IS to 20,
Center-street Homestead. Oakland, • also per
sonal property and property out of county; gift.
Herman Muller (single) to Frank B. Arm
strong, lot on SE corner of Falrvlew street and
Telegraph avenue, E 246.09. S 110. W 150. N
along W Ilne of lot 10 to Its Intersection with
S line of lot 6, thence W 104.41. N 31.14, lots
C,- 10 to 14. Moller Tract, Oakland; $10.
Piedmont Paving Company (corporation) to
A, P. Holland and W. H. Mackinnon. lot on
8 corner of Oakland and Santa Clara avenues.
SW 69.6, SE 150, E 65.18. JTTO 150,- lot 1 and
portion of lot 2, block J. map No. 4. Flint
Tract. Oakland; also lot 12, block C. map No.
2. Linda Vista Terrace, Oakland: and- lot 8.
block I. map Flint Tract No. 4, portion Oak
land Heights. Oakland: $10.
Theodore J. Lamoureaux to Mary J. Lam
ourcaux (wife), lot on N line of Eighteenth
street. 75 E Of Union. E 83:4 by N 112:3%,
portion of lo's 3 and 4, map of subdivision of
EurryhDe Tract. Oakland: gift.
Same to same, lot on W line of Magnolia
street. 118:6 N of Twelfth street (Central ave
nue), N 52:6 by W 133:3, block 675, Board
mans map. Oakland; gift.
Same to same, lot on NW corner of Magno
lia and Twelfth streets. N 118.60 by W 80.
block b75, tame map. Oakland; gift.
Karl H. and Ruth B. Nickel to Holcomb
Land Company, lot on N line of Railroad ave
nue (or Seventh street), 90 E of Adeline. E
89, N 100, W 29. S 30. W 10. S 71. lot 13.
block 537, map of portion blocks 537 and 533,
property of Mrs. Touchard. Oakland; $10.
James Y. and Jessie Eccleston to same, lot
on NE line of Monte Vista avenue. 150.15 NW
from N line of Oakland avenue, NW 70.00 by
NB 127, portion lot 16, block A, map No. 2 of
Linda Vista Terrace, Oakland; also lot on E
corner of Santa ¦ Rosa and Marlposa avenues,
SG 30 by NB OS. 45. lot 3. block D, same map
Oakland; also lot on SW line of Santa Clara
avenue. 391.77 SE of Oakland. SE 40 by SW
160, portion of lots 14 and 15, block J, same
map Oakland; also lot 19. map of Santa Clara
avenue property, Oakland: 810.
James W. and Louise M. Watson (wife) to
Alfred Noren (married), lot on W line of Han
nah street, 800 N of A. N 25 by W 133. subdi
vision A of lot 9. block 794, map 2, Watts
Tract. Oakland: $10 iy±l
Tlllle Rose or Tlllle R. and Charles H.
Epear (husband) to Ferdinand Cames, lots 1 to
6. block 10. lots 6 and 9. block 4, lot 3. block
8 and lots 6 and — . block IT. Landregan
Tract, Emeryville. Oakland Township; $10.
A. Mecartney to H. F. Teschemacher. frac
tional lots 1 and 16, In section 6, township 1 S,
range 4 W. being tract of tide lands In San
Francisco Bay, map 4, Salt Marsh and Tide
Lands, quitclaim deed. Berkeley: $5.
Jennie B and Eldrldge A. Mltchel to Lydla
C Kemp, lot on E line of Henry street. 160
8 of Vine. 8 40 by E 135, portion of lota. 6 and
7. block 8. maD Grave & Taylor Tract, Berke
j". f. and Louise R. Gaster to S. B. Hunkloa,
lot on E line of Tenth street. 334.44 8 of Chan
nlng way, 8 SO by E 135. lot 28 and portion of
lot 29, block 138. corrected map of Avery
Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Grace E.- and W. J. Mortimer (wife) to N.
I,. Freese. lot on N line of Delaware street.
166 W of Milvla, W 60 by N 135. lot 23, block
B. Janes Tract. Berkeley; $10. •
Frank M. and Eva S. May (wife) to FTed
W. Watt. lot on E line of Walnut street, 240
— 'from S line of Eunice. 8 40 by E 134:7, be
ing • N half of lot — . block 11. property of
Berkeley Villa Association, Berkeley; $10.
Annie Mylev to Robert A. Jackson, lot on N
line of First street. 75 W of Webster. W 23 by
N 100. lot 23, block 8, Kellersberger's map,
Oakland; $10. y
Calvin A. Shaw (single) to Isador* H. Wise,
lot on E line of Adeline street, 173 S of
Thirty-fourth. 8 42 by E 127, block 676, Board
man's map, Oakland; $10.
Mary E. Rogers (owner) with Alphonzo Har
rington (contractor).' architect— All work
for a two-etory frame building on E line of
Sixth avenue. 110 N of J street, N 25 by E
120, outside lands. 66S; $3200.
Richard and Mary E. Bidwlll (owners) with
Jacob Schmidt (contractor and architect) — AH
work for a two-story frame building (two flats)
on N line of Sacramento street, 137:6 W of
Locust. W 25 by 127:8Uf $5200.
James Otis (trustee, owner) with Henry
Cowell Lime and Cement Company (contract
ors), architects Wright & Polk— Furnish Port
land cement for a three-story and basement
brick building on SB corner of Davis and Pa
cific streets and extending to N line of Clark
street; $ .
Alice Pease (owner) with Petterson &
Pereson (contractors), architect T. Paterson
Ross— All work for a five-story and basement
frame building on N line of OTarrell street,
75 W of Jones, W 62:6 by N 65; $27,420.
Samuel . Boyd (owner) with J. Koschnltzkl
and brother (contractors), architects O'Brien
& Werner — AH work except painting for a
two-story frame residence on N line of Vallejo
street, 110 W of Stetner, W 27:8 by N 137:6;
$4048.
Oberon Amusement Company (owners) with
F. A. Kern (contractor), architect Philip
Bchwerdt — Carpenter, cementing, marble, tile,
galvanized Iron work, glazing, wrought Iron
work. etc.. for altering and renovating en
trances, with additions to Oberon Vaudeville
Theater on N line of O'Farrell street: $2300.
Wlllla'm John (owner) with Bletch & Lan
ding .(contractors), architect Philip Schwerdt —
Excavation, brick, carpenter and mill work,
lathing and" plastering. Iron work, tinning, ce
ment work, glazing, hardware, etc., for two
3-story frame buildings with partly finished
attic and basement (flats), on S line of Bills
Rtreet. 25 W of Gough. W 62:3 by 8 90;
$14,440.
Same owner with Frank J. Kllmm (con
tractor), architect same — Plumbing, irasfit
tlng. sewering, etc., for iam«, on same; $2231.
Same owner with F. Klesel (contractor), ar
chitect same — Painting, graining, varnishing,
tinting, etc., for same, on same; $1700.
Alametla County.
Builders' Contracts.
Bridget M. Downey to Margaret Downey, lot"
on N ilne of Twentieth street, 75 B of Guer
rero. E 60 by N 114; gift.
Gerhard and Anna Bruns to Christina Mat
zen. lot on E line of Chattanooga street. 260
N of Twenty- second, N 26 by E 125; $10.
Bridget Ruseell to Patrick H. Pierce, lot on
W line • of Harrison street, 60 8 of Twenty
fourth. 8 25 by W 112:6; $10.
California Safe Deposit and. Trust Company
to M. C. Glenn, lot on E line of Stockton
street, 50 8 of Sutter, 8 40 by E5 80; $10.
Francis and B. McA. Dunn. Lizzie Halbert
(wife of W. N.), Mary Armstrong (wife of
George) and P.ebecca E. Noble to Martha Chad
bourne (wife of H. F.). lot on E line of Tay
lor street. 137:0 S of Clay. E 80 by 8 22:9; $10.
William L. and Joseph F. Maloney to Lizzie
Ry_n. lot on 8 line of Broadway. 130:6 W of
Taylor street. W 18 by S 60; $10.
Frank Cullum to Bridget Cullum. lot on NW
line of Jessie street, 150 NE of Fifth. KB 25
by NW 75; also lots 41, 43. 175, 176. 244 and
243. gift map 1; $10.
Isabella W. Tindal to James W. Tlndal. lot
on E line of Seventeenth avenue, 100 8 of
Polr.t Lobps S 25 by E 120; also lot on W
line of Ninth avenue. 100 8 of Point Loboa.
8 50 by W 120; $10.
Alfred P. and Mary C. Hampton to Charles
and Sarah Hill, lot on W line of Sixth avenue,
100 8 of A street, B 25 by W 120; $10.
City Realty Company (a corporation) to Hen
ry L. and Mary A. Todd. lot on W line of Sec
ond avenue, 85 N of I street, if 25 by W 95;
$10.
Same to Marvin Dulfer, lot on W line of
Second avenue. 85 N of I street, N 60 by W
95: $10.
John W. and Ellen H. Kelsey to Handle
and Dora Jellnskl. lot on S line of M street,
05 W of Ninth avenue, W 25 by 8- 68; $10.
Leopold and Sarah Weinsteln to Oscar Hey
man, lot 2. block 4, subdivision 1. Castro
Street Addition; $10.
Bridget Cullum to Matthew W. Mattson. lots
175 and 176. gift map 1; $10.
Julius C. Rels to Charles E. Fine, lot 1,
block 1, Rels Tract: grant.
Same to Martin and Sophie Salmi, lota 40
and 41. block 39. Rels Tract; grant.
Mary P. MacCrelllsh to John Catto. lot on
NW line of Mission street, 61:5% SW of
Twenty-ninth. 6W 50:2%. NW 100. N 42:7%.
E 26:1% SB 100. MacCrelllsh subdivision
Predta Valley 409 to 416; $10.
Henry H. Ellis to Robert Ellis, lot on S
line of Hancock street. 1450:8 W of Castro.
8 200, W 25:8. S 260. W 120. N 260, E 25:8.
N 260. B 129; also lot. on S line of Hancock
street 1840 W of Castro, 8 620 by W 132:
also lot on W line of Ninth avenue. 150 S
of Point Loboa avenue. S 25 by W 120; also lot
on SW line of Fifteenth avemi*. 75 SB of M
Ftreet, SB 75 by SW 100, block SOS. South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion; alpo undivided % of lot on W line of
Wisconsin street. 100 N of Tuba. N CO by W
100: also undivided V, of lot on SW corner
of Marin and Minnesota streets. 8 50 by W
100; also lot on NW corner <jf Third avenue
and E street. NW 600. right angle 127:8. SB
112:11, SB 613:3%. SW 200. block 39 Salt
Marsh and lot In Masonic Cemetery; $10.
lot 'on E line of Boyce street. 876 N of OtMjr,
N 25 by E 120: »10. • *
• Irene Howard to William and Mary Sehehr.
lot on S line- of Oak street, 80 E of Masonlo
aver.ue. E 25 by S 100: »10. ¦ ¦ __
Nellie Henry to Robert S. Henry, lot on W
line of Wood street, 150 8 of Point Lobos
avenue, S 25 by W 120; also all Interest In
estate of Mary Guest (28 522) estate of Eddie
Fitzgerald (28,521) and estate of Annie FiU
grerald (30.032): $10.
Kate Cruise to same, same: $10.
• Mary F. Fitzgerald to same, came; $10.
George Fitzgerald to same, same: $10.-
Thomas Guest to same, lot on W line of
Wood street. 150 8 of Point Lobos avenue,
8 25 by W 120; $10
Mary A. Torpey Jo William H. and Louisa
Cordes. lot on W line of Shotwell street, 125
8 of Nineteenth. 8 30 by W 122:6: $10.
William and Martha Deeney to Michael Mul
lany, lot on E line of Howard street. 25 8 of
Seventeenth, S 50 by E 100; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Alex
ander and Barbara Watt, lot on E line of Va
lencia street. 212 N of Twenty-second. N 24 by
rE 125; $6250.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL), THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 190*
14
axd
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored moved, shipped, 729-
731 Howard st . nr. Third; phone Grant 1UL
A— GILBERT & RTOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing shipping warehouse, O. '• and Van
Ners; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flee Post and I'owell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 871. |
OONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan- |
dlse. r.::i Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West (storage; advances made. 840
Mission «t.; tel. Howard 811. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. S3_0 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BKKINB Van and Storage Co., II Montgomery
ft.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SI.WIM; MACIII.VKS AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; beat
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tlc office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed' ma-
chines: slightly used: $10, J15. }20; second-
hand. $.1, ».•>, JH; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Mnchlne Co.. 1051 Market St.
SPKCIAI.ISTS.
CATAKRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES ""mEAns
positively cured; new methodi: 1 week's treat-
tnent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutt*— st
¦TjWi'Kaiyq and gTAMMBnwo.
AT Melbourne Institute, Von Ness * Market,
is taught celebrated Melbourne system- only
Melbourne In U. S.; private; eat— bltshed 3
years In 8. F. Tel. Mint 2020 from 1 to 5 p.m.
li:<; ai. ai> vi.htisismiots.
ALL persons having accounts against the firm
or Knight & Ryan, liquor dealers. Powell and
Francisco sts., present same at once for set-
tlement. O. SANTA.
MAIUUAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were lined
yesterday:
ll.mry Kwlng, 21, Tulare. and Ida J. Dunne.
21. city.
Patrick T. Gaffney. 21. 2A Hill street, and
Katharine Skolneld. 20. 2» Hill street.
Frank de Freitas, 21. 3886 Seventeenth
street, and Joseohine Stevens, 18, 20 Dorland.
William IC. Snarkn. 24, Orovllle, and Mary
8. liokmann. 23. Orovllle. \
Edgar L. Little. 20, r.:io Stockton strert. and
Dorothy Christian, 22. KM) Stockton street.
Louis K. Mallrat, 24. U17 Larkln street, and
Emma Frictas. 17. Mission Ban Jone.
Kujean C. Rensbenrer. 28, 8tockton, and
Mary I* Wooley, 23, Wlnona, Minn.
Jesse C. Perry. 25. 23S8 Market etreet, and
Louise C. Nelson, ":». 236 Twenty-seventh.
Maurice I. Ooodsteln, 31, San Jaclnto, and
Hazel li. Cam. 21, 130ti LaKuna atreet.
Frederick W. Schell. 30. 2015 Oak street.
an<! Helen V. Church. 22, Sonoma.
Harry T. Porter. 21, city, and Mary W.
M<-<"orinIck. 18, city.
Frederic J. Smith. 85, 480 Ellis street, and
Alma Colemann. 2tt, S-.'f Shrader street.
Peter K. Johnson 40. 1111 Mason street, and
Jennie Gunnear, 30, 1 or.O Sacramento street.
Leonard N. Schwartx. 21. 1763 Eddy street.
an.j Cora M. Kelsey, IS, 2711 Sacramento.
William W. Miller, 21. Hotel Savoy, and
Nettle J. Runnel!. 21. 714 O'Karrell atreet
John Kerach, 21, 19SO Folsom atreet, and
Minnie M. Pybone, 21. 605 Ellis street.
Edward Ilelasco, 20, city, and Anne LeTy,
22. city.
K.iwin J. Thomas, 24. Alftmeda, and Mor-
gan t H. Smith. 23. 1P23 Vallejo street.
Irving W. Rand. JS7, Prenldlo. and Kathryn
E. Ilmwn. 3fi, Spokane, Wash.
Franklin Henjamln. 19. Us) Twelfth street,
and Jacoblna J.. Andersen. 16, 123 Locust
avenue.
Augustus A. Soher. 23, f.27 AjTarodo street,
and Uussle Btolz, 21, 126 Eleventh strett.
Charles L. Kane. 21. fc73 Post street, and
May Calal*. IS. 12.12 Golden Gate avenue.
<Jrosvenor H. de Pue. _118 Third street, and
Clara Camue. 18, 20 DevlnaJero street.
Inln C. Hatch. 21, 2S14 Howard street, and
Louise Renwlck. 21. 2S14 Howard street.
Robert C. McNallv. 21. Menlo Park, and
Lulu Rivers. 19. M« nlo Pnrk.
Hermann Fick. 30, 21)29 Sacramento street,
and Anna Alpers. 22. I'M Flllmore street.
Jim Lee, .':."¦. rtakerptleM. and Leung Ah
Ol>*. 20. 1C0 Sacramento street.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
nirth. marrtare and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with th« name nnd residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this eolumn
free of charge.
BORN.
JJARRT— In Martinez. June 12. 1004. to the
wife of W. B. Barry (nee Seward), a
daughter.
PKTIUE— In this city. June 14. 19O4. to the
wife of Dr. Frank Uransun X'etrle (nee
Pierce), a daughter.
SENGSTACKEN— In thla city. June 7. 1004,
to the wife of Henry T. Benrstacken, a son.
MARKIED. ~~
NASON — GLCA8ON — In this city. June 14,
1!HH. by the Rev. Fred A. Keast, Ithie. B.
Nason of De La Mar. Shasta County, and
Maebell Louise iileason of this city.
DIED.
Alexander. Angela Martin. Ellen C.
He!rne, Barbara. McKenna. James
Hreen. Hsnna Moran, Marguerite
Uutterley. Edward Nlckerson. Fran :1s
Carr. Mao* O'Brien. John D.
I'reede, Frank P. Ogilvle. Frank M.
<"unich. John Pelser. Jacob
Dagnrau. Aurlte A. Rabben. Herman
lH-nis. Mary A. Hhadburn, Ada M.
Fitzslmmons, Ellen Kulllvan, Eugene D.
Foi-no, Martha Tobln. Alice
Glennan. Margaret J. Valenxuelo, Juana B.
«!bney. Ellen Walts. William
Hotchkiss. Dr. L. 8. Wlckware. Eliza
Jonea, Nannie E. Wolfrom, Jacob
Jones, 6. A.- Douglas
ALEXANDER— In this city. June 15. 1004.
Angela A., beloved daughter of James J. and
the late Mary Alexander, a native of San
FrnJiciwco.
. t7"Frien.d» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
, Friday. June 17. at 1:30 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her parents, 4039 Twenty-sixth
street, between Panrhex and Noe. Interment
Holy On.-i Cemetery.
BF.IRNE— In this city, June 14, 1P04, Bar-
bara, dearly beloved wife of the late Mar-
thotomew Belrne. mother of James P. Belrne.
and slstrr of Mrs. Mary Joyce, a native of
Caschel. County Railway, Ireland, aged 67
yenrs snd 0 months.
Z.T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:S0 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty * Green. 1171 MIs-
rlon street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick'* Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose cf her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BREEN— In this city. June 13, HKH. Hinna
Breen. beloved wife of John II. Dr+en. a
native of Oregon, aged S3 years 10 mooths
snd 15 days. (Grants Paaa, Ore., papers
please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances r.,>. respect-
fully invited to attend ths funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn A Co., 314 Eddy
street, thence to Third and Townsend
. streets, via 11:50 o'clock train. Interment
Cypress I. awn Cemetery.
BUTTERLET — In this city. June 15, 1904
Edward Butteriey. beloved father of Andrew
Hutteriey, a native of Dublin Ireland aged
C5 years. <New York papers please oopyT)
CXFrlendfl and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the PaclHo Coast Marine Firemen's
Vntcn are- respectfully invited to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Friday>. at 10:80 o'clock
from the parlors of McFadden. McBrearty A '
Green. 11.1 Mbrlon street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment noly Cross. Ceme-
tery.
CARR— In this city. June 15, 1004. Marr Carr.
relict of William Carr. a native of Bristol'
England.
CREEDE — In this city, June 15, 1004 Frank
P.. beloved husband of Mamie 'Frances
Creede. and father of Emmett F. Creede and
brother of Percy J. and William P. Creede
and Mrs. William J. Hughes and Mrs J J*
Hurley, and the late Mrs. R. Maloiie and
Mrs. M. Hotran. a native of County Limer-
ick Ireland. A member of Court Sutro
Heights. Foresters of America, and T'nity
Alliance No. 14. Su Patrick's Alliance of
America.
CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
«Kri4ay> at 9 o'clock, from his late reil-
. «Sence, 3120 Flllmore street, corner of Green-
wich, thence to St. Vincent de Paul's Church
corner of Steiner and Green streets where
«. solemn requiem high ma— § will tie cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at P:SO o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CTSICH— In the City and 'County Hospital.
June 15. li*M. John Cuslch. a native of Aus-
tria, aged 1G years. >¦
DAGNEAU — In this city. June 15. 1904. Aurize
Adel. beloved daughter cf Htlalre and Joce-
rhirte Darneau. and sister of Wilfred Dag-
neau, aged 7 years and ft day*.
DENIS— IB this city. June 15, 1S04, Mary A.
IVnU. mother of Mr*. William J. Phelan.
and grandmother of Irene and Lottie Phelan
a native of Ireland. (HaverhlU and Webster
Man., papers please copy.) \
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
F. J. Monahan. Manager. TeU Mission 81.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMKALMI.KS.
2353-2341 Mission St., near Nineteenth.
Eon FtaadscQk
HOOKS AJTOBOAM)-
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
. THIH SELECT FA MILT HOTHI^ nEAUTI-
rri 1 Y aUTUATSEO ON THE FINEST COR-
Nnrt OF VAN NES.S AVK. NOW THOH;
OtlGiiLT RKNOVATKIi AND KQVIVP}A>
Wmi ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
13 I1EAUV TO RECEIVE OLESTS.
lMfi VAN N'ESH. COR. GEART.
APPI.T TO MHS. H. WTKDELE. MANAGER.
FRANKLIN «»- Elegant newly furnished
room., en suite or single. In private houM.;
• II modern conveniences: first-class table;
«-!io!ce location; central; reasonable.
jJHAUTTrn^^nny rooms.excrtlent home < 000k-
ing, f.0|'rtno.; 2 meals. $18; gentlemen.
1120 Cough at. '
OOLDEN GATE ave., 1C31. near Jefferson
Park— N*wly fumiohod rooms; bath; private
hou»e; good board. >23; two. >33.
W ARl7wi:~fThe>7~I3»> Post— Newly and ele-
gantly furntflie'i rooms, single and en suite;
table board; re^jonatle: refwrncea.
riN~E lW* — New management; nicely fur-
lilsh'ea suites and rlngle room*: excellent ta-
b.e; private; references. Phone Polk 3U01.
JIAWTHORNE. 172. nr. Harrison— Young lady
can find nice ro"m and board; reasonable.
F1RFT IM— Nice furnished front room, with
boani if desired; reasonable^
ELLIB 4M— Nicely furnished with board; rea-
sonable; also French table board.
FOI.SOM. 2«12— Large, sunny front room; good
board; 140 par month; for two gentlemen.
GEART. 601, Hotel L' Aiglon— Family rooms
and board: entirely renovated: ress. prices.
X.OWAIUJ. MIA— Flrst-clsss board and room,
•ingle or oouble. t5-$8 vrkr.^American family.
FACinC av»., 1716. above Van Ness— Large,
•unny rooms; use parlor; excellent board.
ClFrAplcsT and best tn America— Th« Weekly
Call I* pagn*. «» n t to any address In ln»
Vnit'ed Ftme» or rsnarta one year for il. t
norm* ami no Aim \vastkp.___
BOARD and «ulte of rooms wsnted for m»a
wife; «tate rates. Box 2197. Call of flc
WANTED— Board and room for gentleman, $•
per week. Box 808. Call office.
rniTiciAXs Txi) ~gt-n<;Eo.<s.
TUl~C~Cr<y DON NELL— Of flee and residence.
JO21« Market •*.. bet. Cih and 7th; particu-
lar altentlon pald_to_dlsessea of women.
X]I>OOI>. skin and rectal dlseasea a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073H M«rket at.
TFANTET>— A doctor (Hollander) for society.
Addresa R30 Broadway. Qnkland.
TtF.MOVED-PR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of th« human body: for
past four year* at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
rctea at fCi Geary St.. near leaven worth.
r>R TfiNO PO rilY, Fuccessor to Dr. LI Po
Tal herb doctor, cure* all diseases of human
fcr lisa of herli» and teas. 727 Washington st.
|tt"ONO WOO the famous herb doctor— All dls-
,,,.-» <-ured" by Chlnei«e h«-rbw. 74«t-S Clay St.
TTPEWEITEKS A1TO^ BTJPFI*IES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
Mgher and lower prices; rentals »2 60. The
Typewriting Exchange. 6-'iO California «t.
A~FEW rood typewriters at *30 each; get par-
ticulars ofU&M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gamrrr st.
EP-IIANI* typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Wrbnter Typewriter Inrpec. Co.. 60S Market.
APFESSMFNT NOTICE— Honolulu Plantation
«\>nipnny. location of j)rtnc»;ial i'lace of bus-
{nrM iity «nd County of Fan IVanclsco.
Hate of OslUornta— Notice- i« hereby rtven
that at a iiiM-tliiR of the Board "t l>lmctora
held this 16th day of June. A. D- l!*H. an
assessment (No. BJ r>f five dnllan <$."' <«» IT
?hare was levied ujx^i the capital stock of
the corporation payable Immediately to the
Secretary of the ...m.uiny. at the ofrtce of
the company. :t27 Market *t.. room 4. second
floor. In the t'lty and *"«winty of San Fran-
dpon hiatc of California. Any stock ujmn
»hlch tills ft»»c»«mrut »hall remain unpaid
on the _Sth day of July, ls»04. will l>e tle-
lmquent and advertised for sale nt public
auction, and unless payment \r made before,
will be s"ld on the lMh day of August. l!>04.
to pay the delinquent nsM-i-i'ment. together
with crmt of art* ertlnlng and expenses of
eale. II W. THOMAS. Secretary Honolulu
riantation <""orr!i<any. S27 Market street, San
Francisco. California.
I'll 0 1»O SALS.
I'ltOIMSALS— _uue Prison Supplies — Sealed
proposal* will I* received at the office of
the Clerk at the Ftale Prison, tan Quentln.
until 10:30 a. m.. BATI'U1>AV. the lSlh day
of June. 1JK>4. and at the office of the ilerk
of the I'rlaon at Folsom until 0:30 a.
rsi SATURDAV. the 2Mb day of June.
liW4. at which times and places they will
\-t opened in the presence of bidders, fcr
rutnl»hlng and delivering supplies for said
1-i:i. ¦:.!¦. connlrtlng of subsistence stores,
(orage. fuel, furl oil. furnishing power to
run the jute mill and electrical appllascea
for Jut* mill at San Cuentin. clothing, ihed-
tctnes. lime, cement and other staple sup-
plies, from July 1. 1U04. to June 30. 1:<*C. in-
elusive, un conditions as per printed sched-
ules which will be furnished upon applica-
tion at either of the above offices. No bid
will be considered unlrrs made upon said
schedules, nor unless accompanied by the
certified check therein required, nor from
¦ny other partlen than buna Ode dealers la
tbe classes of artlcl<*s to be furn!*hed. Each
bidder must accompany hl» bid with a certi-
fied check upon some wril known and re-
sponsible backing house for at least 10 per
<<rt cf the amount of Ms bid. payable to
n-e President of the Hoard, conditioned that
the bidder will enter into a contract upon
notice of acceptance, as required by law.
H J» for either prison must be marked sep-
&rately. All payments made on contract will
be paid In canh or Controller's warrants.
Didders will carefully follow the conditions
ef the schedules. The Hoard reserves ths
right to reject any or all bids, as the publla
Interest may require, and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount speclSed.
n. M. F1T7.C1CI.ALD. President. J. il.
OLIVER. Clerk.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage. Depot
Quartermaster's office, : li New Montgomery
St.. 6an Frsnclsco. California, June 13. I»04
— Sealed p:t-i<c«ale. tn triplicate, will !¦<• re-
ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a. m ,
Monday. June 27. l'AM. Pacific Standard Time,
mid then npcoed for ftirnl^htni: at either the
Philadelphia, Hoston. Chiesiro or San Fran-
cisco drpot*: Pajama*. Rucksktn Uauntletw,
«"hanibray Khirtn. Mattree!«e<«. Pillows. Pil-
low Oases. Itedfheeti-. Musqulto It.trs and
Trumpet*. All to conferm to standard* and
specification*. Quantities t > be subject to r.n
Increase of 20 per cent, tf desired by the de-
partment. Preference will be given to arti-
cles 1 cf domestic production and manufacture
conditions cf prtc* and quality being equal
(including In the price of foreign pruJuction
• r.S manufacture the duty therecn), and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced
en the Pacific Ccant to the extent of the coa-
vutaptlcn required by the public sen-tee there.
The United States reserves the right to ao-
ct; : or te.'ect any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Ir.formatton and blanks for
proposals »::¦¦ be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals will be in-
dorsed "Proposals No. 4C0S. for Clothing and
Kqulpsge." and addressed »o Major C. A.
1>EVOL. Quartermaster. U. S. Army, Depot
Qua rtermasler.
PROPOSALS for Eteaci Pump, etc— Office
Depot Quartermanter, S« New Montgomery
street. Eon Francisco, Cal., June 13th. HKH.
Pealed prvposaia. In triplicate, subject to
usual conditions, will be received here until
11 o'clock a. rn. Saturday, June 2Sth, 1904,
and then cpened. for furnishing 1 Steam
Pump, Pipe and Fittings, for O_mp Downes
and Camp Overton. P. 1. Preference will
b» given to article* of domestic production
rr.1 mar.ufacture. condition cf price and
quality being equal (including In the price
ef foreign production the duty thereon). The
VU. 6. reserves right to accept cr reject
any cr all proposals cr sny psrt thereof.
Information and blank proposals furnished
cr. appilc— tlon. Envelopes contslning pro-
po— als to be market "Proposal* for Pipe
•nil FltUngs No. 4fiS0," and addressed to
Major C A. Devol. Qr. Mr. U. 3. A.
Depot QaartermmleT. ,. -- •
TROPOSAI^S fer fiteam Pump, etc. — Office
Depot Quartermaster. S« New Montgomery
¦tr-et. Ban Francisco. Cal.. June 15th. IIKH
Sealed proposala, in triplicate, subject to
utual cenditiona. will be received here until
11 o'clock. « tn.. Saturday, June 23th. 1904
r.-i 1 then opened, for furnishing 1 Steani
l*u-;p. Pipe and Fittings for I.u.-or.a. P. I.
Preference will be given for articles of do-
mestic 'production and manufacture, condi-
tions ef price and quality being equal (in-
cluding In the price of foreign prc^uction
the duty thereon.) Ttie V, B. resen-es right
t» accept any or all propesals or any part
thereof. Information and Mink propcrals
';:• r..-^:.cj on «rpl|catloa. Envelopes con-
taining propc«al*! to be rr.xrked "'Proposals
for M»ani Pump, etc.. No. «<M." and ,1.
<*.re«se_ to Major C A. IVvol. Qr. Mr.. U.
8. a.. Depot Quartermastpr.
ritOPt^SALS for -ravage — General Depot ef
the Quart rrmaster's Denonment. San i-'ran-
rlsco. C_l- May IS. l»04— Sealed proposals
¦ r the hauling nf military rtores and sup-
;'.!»» In and about tbe city of San Fran-
• !>^o. Cal.. fcr the Crral year commencing
Julr 1. 1W4. will be re.vl»ed at this cfllc*
>i-.!!l II o'clock a. tn.. < n Saturday, the ISth
<¦*;¦ cf Jur.r. r.k'l. and then nnencd. Th*
Ooveremert reser»-es the rlsht to reject any
cr all prcposals. All necrssarr " tnf orm_tlea
wtU b* furnished on application to this of-
fice. Env-lcpes rotitatntng proposals should
** in_cr*e4 "Prc-pcsals ' for Drayajte." and
a«Sr*»*e4 to KLaJcr C X. Devot. Dcpo*
SEE THE rHOTtX.RAPHS.
The xlrl trtth the t\>*s tn her
Something nrtr, something nov-
el, something , every woman
trill tram to see an«l no
man trill orertook be-
cause of Its rare
charm.
XEXT SUNDAY CALL.
1 fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday). June 17. at fi:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness
avenue, thence ta St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-.
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at l» o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Otnetery.
FITZSIMMONS— In this city. June 15. 1004,
Ellen Fitzsimmoni. beloved wife of the late
James Fitzslmmons, a native of Ireland,
aged 75 years.
itVNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7
Mission Btreet between Third and Fourth.
FORNO— In this city, June 14, 100*. Martha,
dearly beloved wife of Marco Forno, and be-
loved mother of Mario, Corlna, Caesar,
Kugene and Fedela Forno, a native of To-
rino, Italy, aged 4S years 4 months and 6
days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral on Thurs-
day, June W, at 10 o'clock, from her late
•residence, 1765 Stockton otreet. thence to
Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian Church,
where at 10:30 o'clock sharp .a requiem high
mass will bo celebrated for the repose of her
soul. N. H. — Funeral will leave Italian
Church at 1:30 o'clock for Interment In
Italian Cemetery.
GIBNEV— In this city. June 16, 1904. Ellen,
beloved daughter of Mnrgaret and the late
Francis Olbney, and loving ulster of Charles
Glbney, Mrs. A. Dunne of Stockton and Mrs.
A. Buttlch, a native of Ireland.
IE7" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock from her Ute
residence, C53 Toleom street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, at 10 o'clock. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GLENNAN— In thin city. June 14. 1904,
Margaret J., doarly beloved wife of Martin
Glmnan, and lovlnc mother of Matthew J.,
John M.. Nellie M.. William E.. David J.
and Margaret C. Glwinan. a native of New
Itochelle, N. V., aged 69 years 9 months and
6 days. (Now York papers please copy.)
C7Frlends and acqualntanoes are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1840 Polk street, thenoe to St.
HrlKia'n Church, where a solemn requiem
high mssa will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at i):30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOTCHKISS— In Oakland. Cal., June 16. 1001,
Dr. Lawrence 8. Hotchklra, a native of Con-
necticut, aged 87 years 8 months and 6 days.
JONES— In Berkeley, Cal., June 16. 1004, at
her residence. 1026 Vine street. Nannie E.,
beloved wife of O. M. Jones, and mother of
Fannie M. and Luella H. Jones, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged .'19 years and 7 months.
JONES— In Honolulu, June 14, 1904. S. A.
Douglas Jonen, dearly beloved husband of
Annie I*. Jones, and loving father of Zelda,
Guy. Dorothy and Beverley Jones, aged 42
years.
C7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
MARTIN— In this city. June 15, 1904, Ellen C.
relict of William Martin, and mother of Al-
bert H. Martin and Mm. C. P. Lincoln, a
native of Ohio. '
[C-TFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Fridav). at 10
o'clock, from tbe residence of her daughter.
Mrs. C P. Lincoln. 251 Scott street. Inter-
ment Cypre*s Lawn Cemetery, by electrlo
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
McKENNA— In this city. June 14, 1904, James
McKenna. beloved hunband of Mary Mo-
Kenna, and loving father of Edwin, James,
Minna and Rona McKenna, a native of
Meath. Ireland, aged f>3 years.
C TThn funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2319 Rush street between Stelner
and Pierce, thence to St. r3ominlc's Church,
where a high mass will be celebrated for the
repone of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORAN— In this city. June 14, 1904. Mar-
guerite Alice, loving daughter of Thomas P.
and Sarah Moran. Bister of Helen Moran.
and granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. John
McGorty. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 7 mooths and 26 days.
CT'The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
ents' residence 024 Shotwell street. Interj
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
NICKERSON— At rest, in this city. Juno 15.
11HM, Francis Anbury, beloved husband, of
Kllza J. Nlckeraon, and father Of Acnes M.
Nlckerson nnd Faith Leonir, a native of
Maine, aged 74 years 7 months and 11 days.
O'lUUEN— In this city, June 15. 1904, John
D. beloved Infant son of John and Helen
O'Brien, a native of Kan Francisco, aged 1
year 2 months and 12 days.
[CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 3iO4 Twenty- fourth Btreet, near
Valencia. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OGILVIE— In Nnpo, June 14. 1004, Frank M.
Ogilvle. beloved brother of Mrs. G. Steele.
Mrn. M. J. Johnston, Mrs. Henry Slcrlng
and William Ogilvle, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 40 years.
CCT'Frlenil'* and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvllrd to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), June 17, at 10 o'clock, from the
pnrlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
PF.ISER— In this city June 15, 1904. Jacob
lVlser. a native of Germany, aged C5 years.
C-TFrlends) and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Temple,
corner I'ost and Mont-romery streets, under
the auspices of Mount Morlah Lodge No. 44,
V. and A. M. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by train leaving Third and Townsend
streets -at 8:"rt o'clock.
RABBEN— In this city. June 18. 1004. Herman
Rabben. denrly beloved brother of Mrs. I
Abels and Sophie. Louise and the late Anna
Rabben. a native of Oldenburg, Germany.
A member of Petaluma Lodge No. 26. O. d.
fcyServlces will be held to-day (Thurs-
day), at 1 o'clock, lit the parlors of H. F.
Kuhr & Co., 1137 Mleslon street, between
Seventh and Elghta, Interment private.
Kindly omit flowers.
SHADBURN— In this city. June 15, • 1904, at
her residence. 819 California street (of
nervous prostration),. Ada Maher Shadburn
(nee Grivot), wife of George D. Shadburn,
ard mother of Mrs. N. W. Mulr (nee Shad-
burn) of Bardptown, Ky., Oeorg* D. Shad-
burn Jr., Ada Mary Shadburn (deceased),
Leonard A. Fhadburn. Gertrude Julia Shad-
burn (decea*ed). Wade Hampton Shadburn
and W. R. A. Shadburn, and elster of Cap-
tain Adolph Grivot of New Orleans, La..
(Bardstown. Ky., and New Orleans papers
please copy.)
C_r Funeral will take place /rom St. Mary's
(Paullst) Church, corner of California and
Dtipont streets, where a requiem high mass
wiVl be said for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock Friday. June 17. Interment Holy
Crosw Cemetery.
St'LLIVAN — In this city, June 15. 1904, at
his residence, 1844 Page street.* Eugene D..
beloved and only son of Mary A. and the
late J. D. Sullivan, and brother of Nellie and
Katherine Sullivan, a native of Ban' Fran-
cisco, aged IS years.
TOniN — In this city. Alice, dearly beloved
wife of Michael Tobln, and mother of Thcmnn
J.. William F. and Michael A. Tobtn. a
native of County Tlpperary. Ireland, aged
48 years.
E7Frlend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlt«*d to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7G7 Mission street,
thence to 8t. Joseph's Church. 'where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
VALENZUELA— In this elty. June 15. 1904.
Juana B. Valenzuela. beloved mother of
Bernard, Elltlo and Domingo Valenzuela, a
native of Mexico, aged 62 years and S days.
WAITS— In this city, June 14,. 1904. William,
beloved child of Elmer E. and Frankle
Walto. and brother of Myrtle and Sunshine
Walts, a native of California, aged 3 years
0 months and 14 days.
WICKWARE — In Pomona, Cal., June 13, 1904,
Eliza Wlckware, beloved wife of Geonre C.
Wlckware, and mother of Mm. O. F. Glffin.
and Mrs. E. C. Dake. a native of England,
aged 76 yeara 1 month and 10 days.
C7Reroalne at chapel of N. Gray A Co.,
S53 Sutter street, until June 16. at 2 o'clock.
WOLFROM— In this city, June 14, 1004, Jacob,
beloved #on of A. Wolfrom, and brother or
Raphael Wolfrom and Bertha Pulver of Ger-
many, a native of Germany, aged 43 yeara
7 months and 21 days. (Tulare, Cal., payers
please copy.)
C7Fr!endn and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from Masonlo
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Pacific Lodge
No. 136 F. and A. M. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 11 :30 o'clock.New York Cotton Market.
Wheat — • _ ¦¦ . ' June. Sept.. Dec
Opening 20 05 .' 20 20-
Closlng .;.. 20 05 20 20
Flour — •' , > .'/'
Opening 2740 2745
Closing ....27 40 ." 27 45'
% ' Foreign . Futures.
'- LIVERPOOL. '
Wheat— - . £\:-y?^,.}f ,'¦¦ July. Sept.
Opening 62 6 .3
.Closing 6 1% 6 2%
WASHINGTON. June 16.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund," exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve In the division, of redemption, shows
available - cash balance, $lCJ 1 f>S3,llG; gold,
$07,309,340. sfj.
Condition of the Treasury.
Continued on Pace Fourteen.
There was continued firmness In new Po
tatoes, receipts being hardly sufficient to sat
isfy the demand, which is -Increasing as the
scabcn advances.. Early Rose were In limited
supply and cleaned up quickly at Improved
quotations and dealers were expecting a higher
range of prices for whites. Trade In old Po
tatoe« was rather quiet, but the best lots
were firmly held at unchanged rates. Onions
stood as previously quoted.. .
The . market for miscellaneous ' vegetables
was liberally supplied and - prices • generally
had a downward tendency. Peas and Asparagus
alcne showing firmness. These descriptions
were In light receipt and cleaned up promptly,
with- surplus lots of ' Asparagus going to the
canners at 4\k@fic per pound.. Tomatoes con
tinued very much depressed.- with supplies still
far In excess of the . demand. - The Mississippi
article was quoted lower and poor and carrtcd
over lots from ' Los Angeles wer» offering be
low the minimum quotation. Cucumbers were
received from Bay Farm Island and met with
oronipt sale at . good figures.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
¦ HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about H$lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9^c; medium. 8%c; light, 8c: Cow
Hides. 8c for .heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
tic; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal 10c: Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hide*. 16c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25© 30c each;
short Wool. 40® 65c rach; medium. 70@90c: long
Wool. $1(^150: Horse Hides, salt, $2 75 for
large and $2®2 50 for medium. $1 25<31 75 for
small and 50c for Colt*. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 73 for large -ind $1 50 for medium, $191 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American 30i*:i2 Vic Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium, 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4^@4^c per lb:
No. 2. .3>4Q)4c: grease, 2H!g3c.
WOOL — Spring Clip— Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 17@19c: San Joaquln and Southern. 12
months' lo®i2c; do 7 months'. 9<3Uc per lb;
Middle Counties 13^17c for free and 12©15c
for defective; Northern. 16@lSc for free and
14!fJ16c for defective: Nevada. 13®16c, accord-
Ing to condition.
HOPS— Jobbing at 27%er.0c per lb for Call
fornia, 19U3. For crop of 1904 the nominal
quotation Is 20c. '
Hides, Tallow, Wool and. Hops.
There Is nothing new to report under this
head. Beans are still quoted quiet, with Limas
leading In point of firmness.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 25@2 60: Pea. $2 00@":
Butters, $.1: small White, $2 R.'fr.i 10; large
Whit*. $2 35«2 60; Plrfk. $3 4CK@3 50; Red.
$4 26^4 SO; Lima. $S 2.->«:j 35: Red Kidneys.
$4 7505: Blackeye. $292 10 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2®2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 25'3'4 50; Yellow
Mustard. $2 50#3; Flax. $1 75®2: Canary,
5H-f?5%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%©16c: Rape,
2@2Hic: Timothy. C®<H4e: Hemp. 3%©4c per
lb: Millet. 3$3<&c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21
per ton, * ¦ . • ¦ • "** .
DRIED PEAS — Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Nlles.
$3 23: Green Peas. $3@3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Askf Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107 — |4s qr cp new.l32m33Va
4s qr reg... 106 lO»>U!.ta qr coup...l05\ —
MISCELLANEOUS- BOND9.
Ala A W 5s. 101 O T Co 6s... 119* —
Bay CPC Sa.iom — Do 5s 111% —
Cal C O 6«.102tt — Do con Cs.. — 103
C G ft E k ~ Oceanic 8 «s. — 75
m &ct 5s. 84H SJ^ilOm Cable 6b. — 125
Cal-st C 5s. — 117»i!Pae O Im 4s. 91S 94^
C C Wat 3s. — 101 fP E Ry 5s..l(M?;iO5
Ed L & P fi«.124 — PftCH«s..lO5 —
F & C H 6s. 114^ — P * O R «s.. — 113
Oeary-st 5». — 65 iPowell-st «•«.' — -114
H C&S 514s. 1(X1 '— Sac EG*R 5» — —
Do 5s '97V4 — iSF i- SJV 3s.ll6«4 —
Hon R T 6s.lO5 — Sierra R 6s.. — 113
L A Elec 5s — 103 S P of A ««¦ — -
L A Ry Bs..lll% — <1909> 10* —
L a L Co 6s — — nsun> 100 —
Do gtd fls. — — S P of C 6s —
Do gtd 5s. IO214 — <190f»Sr A. 103 —
LAP lem 5s. 101 — I <19C5)Sr B.102% — .
WEDNESDAY. June 15—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONEY, STOCKS, TRADE. \
Current Conditions and the Out- ,
look for the Future.
Ttie New York circular of Henry Clew* say«:
¦¦Another uneventful week has pone by. leav. |
ing Wail street in th* same conservative mood
»hicri ha* now prevailed f:r »etks v aiid months.
If anything, there Is a change for the better;
and the wave of pess;mi»m which has long
been hesvlett here is gradunJ'.y giving way t<>
more hopeful views regarding the future. Up
to cate this feeling ha* been more in the na
ture of a conviction that all recent develop
ment* o? an unfavorable character have be*n
Hiryily discounted so far as the stock market
is concerned, and that no good reasons exist
for any further decline. Consequently, reports
of lessened business activity, decreased railroad
•"arnings smaller bank clearings, etc. have no
<fTe«t whatever en Stock Exchange valuee; they
rx»!ong M the p***. Wall street generally being
m.*t Interested in the future and but sligluly
concerned with the present. *
"Attention now is almost entirely centered
upon tfce crop*. These arr- generally progress
ing satisfactorily, the only complaints being
c( backwardness In some regions and Injury to
winter wheat. Very sor-n harvesting DC the
latter »t!l b**in, and then other crops will
fnliow In quick succession. Another two
months will practically tettle the crop prob
lem, and should the prospects continue fa
voiaMe »e may anticipate a general revival
«ij confidence, while on the other hand ar.y
r<*al disaster to the crops this year will have
a much # raore injurious effect upon business
ihan the corn failure ex«rted in 1902. when
oar industrial boom was in full swing and dM
<nuch to counteract that disaster.
MONETARY CONDITIONS.
¦¦Monetary conditions, it must be admitted,
art generally favorable to letter prices for
s-tocks. Loanable funds are jientlful, and gold
*xr«rts have been checked by the fact • that
foreign demands eeera satisfied for the present.
The Bank of France holds an unprecedented
rvittr of gold, -while the Bank tt England's
r«>erve has risen to a point where a reduc
tion in the bank rate teems possible. - There
is therefore much less Inducement to ehlp gold
In sjiite of <«ir large supply and redundant
batik currency, which, of course, facilitate ex
ports. It would cause no sunrise if Europe
FhouM n:ake further calis upon us: still, two
of the nort important factors in the export
rr;rvvcmenl — the Panama canal and the Japa
nese war payments — are now out of the way.
•iii'1 these fscls Irss^-n the reasons for gold
«hipm«TitK. Other hindrances to gold shipments
• 111 also romc into play ort- long. Crop d<
ir.an.1s will b<-yin: first for winter uh»at, :
»h'ch usually develops in the isst half of June. {
and next for cotton, the movement of which
sJw«ya calls fto largt shipments of currency !
tn the South from New York. Then »ill fol
low the dcman-is for sprinR -wh^at. corn. etc.
. It is UFC-':e*s to expect the Pouth or rh«* West
W to meet tbeac demands unaided. Balances now
fcel.i hem av.d FWllinc <5r»os:ts will be drawn
dov.n and we will inevitably witness tho usual
ritain Tor crop ru 1 "!' 05 "* 8 uj>on this center not
¦withMnn<1ir.|T the oft-repeated assurances that
the West and South can take care of them
•elrea. The bacfcwnr<i and forward flow of
r-urrency to points whore it will do the tn-»r
«-rvice and secure the best returns is as
natural and a* certain as the tides of the
ocean and pay» equally slight regard to pride
of location or r.atiora.lity. The monetsry sit
uation as a whole is satisfactory' aside from
the possibility o' ¦ Treasury deficit and the
operation of a redundant bank currency, which,
in times of stress, would material:}* encourage
told exports.
'•One of the most depressing features if the
condition of the Iron trade and the growin'T
supplies of pigiron In the face o' curtaied pro
duction. Still another discouragernnnt Is the
labor situation and the deplorable state of an
archy which exists in certain parts of Colorado.
¦"Tl-.e outlook of the market is toward still
further Improvement. Values resrKjnd readily
to good news, and there is neither disposition
nor necessity for selling desirable s«-cur.tie>.
A* before eald. the tig men are not likely to
assume very aggressive, leadership ur.til the
n-xlts of crops and Presidential nominations
tre known. As for the Russo-Japanese war.
,t has no Immediate pronounced influence on
iricee."
Quicksilver Shipments.
The shipments °f quicksilver from San Fran
c-iFco fcy »ea in May were as follows:
To Fiasks. Va!u».
New York 1.735 $74.r.35 !
Mexico 412 17.S2-J
? Central America 5C 2.244
Totals 2.203 J94.402 j
The cxi-orts in May. I9Q3L were 3S3 flasks,
valued at $li;.r*2T. The receipts at San Fran
c'rc.i last rr.^nth w»re 1671 flasks, against 2021
Eat-.kt in May. 1903.
IV cat her Report.
. ClZfnti Meridian— raclflc Time.)
KAN FRANCISCO. Jure 15—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
perature? are reported for the preceding day
from Eastern cities:
P.o«ton CS-48 Washington 72-.10
N«w Orleans fco-70 Pt. Louis Rn-c;«
Cincinnati K2-64 New York f(5-r.(!
Philadelphia 70-54 Jacksonville 78-S8
the: coast record.
vB S K 5 2? 5
6TATIONS. I ;=^ '; Si f
: ? ? i i r
ttafcer 29.74 KO TA MV Pt.Cdy .00 1
r l««-l 2«-70 fcO 44 BW Pt.Cldy .0i I
j-ur*fca 30.02 M f.O W Pt Ody Tr
Fresno 29.78 f»8 Ui NW Clear .frfi 1
SE. Fara»lon.29.97 C2 5A NW Cloudy CO I
Flagstaff 29.M 70 48 NE Clo-jdy "04 !
l'o^atello 29. 70 hi f*« SW Cloudy .01 i
Independence.. C4 I
Los Anrcles. . .2».K« 78 US BW Pt.Cldy. Of
Mt Tamalpals 29.9S C2 4<5 W Clear (k» !
North Hf2.d...2».9S 60 - 48 NW Clear fo
Phoenix 2ft. 6fl 104 ?2 W P*..«~';rty f»l |
J-t P.Tcs Lt..2».JK) .".1 47 NW Oondy <a) I
Portland 2J1.R4 7« 4(5 NW Pt.Cldy 00
HeJ Uluff 29.K-I R4 M FE Clear (K> I
Rc*«burg 29. ks fcO 4S N Clear <M !
Sacramento ..C-i.SQ 6S 52 FW CUar • r>o !
Fait Lake 29.70 M «0 S Cloudy .00 I
Kan Franci*eo.29.f«8 54 50 W Cloudy .©<>
Fan L Obiepo.29.»2 72 64 NW Clear .00
Kan Diego 29. *« 70 C2 NW Clear .00
Seattle 29.90 70 48 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Rpckar.e 29.72 R4 54 EW Clear .00
Tatooyh 2V.9<1 T.4 4S RW Cloudy .'i
Wal'a Wal!a..2».fiS ©ft 62 TV Clear Aid
V,ir.neiaucca .29. 6« Wi 64 W Clear .00
Yuma 23.<St> 104 72 TV Clear .CO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. .
A depression of eome depth overlies Nevada
and will probably result In ebowers Thursday
after-iosn in the mountains.
Thunder etornis ere reported at Pocatello and
Flagstaff, end high winds are reported In the
Intel-mountain eertlon.
The temperature continues low over North
ern California. A temperature of C2 degrees is
reported at San Francteco, which Is the coolest
weather reported west of the Rocky Mountains
and possibly in the United Ftates. •
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours *ndir.g midnight, June 16:
Northern California — Cloudy Thursday, pos
sibly ehowers In the mountains; continued cool
wetther; fresh southerly winds.'
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday; fresh
«-.outh»eft winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday, poesibly ehowers;
brisk to southwest winds.
Ean Franclwo 'and vicinity— Cloudy Thurs-
LARD — Tierces quoted' at 6%c per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
8*ic; 10-lb tine. 0$ic; 5-lb Uns.'Ofte; 3-lb tins.
0%c. V
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 894c; three
half barrels. 8V«c: one tierce. S%c; two tierces.
8c; five tierces. "Tic per lb.
Local dealers are discussing -the question of
advancing Bacon and Lard to get the market
more in harmony with Chicago, but no'ad
vance has yet been made. The feeling Is un
settled, however. Chicago was firmer yester
day.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium. 12c for- light.
13%c for extra light and 15^16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Cali
fornia Hams 12@12%c; Mess Beef. $10O
10 50 per bbl : extra Mess. $11®11 50; Family.
$12®12 50; prime Mess Pork. $14; extra clear,
$22: Mess. $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 9%c; Pig
Pork. $26; Pigs* Feet. $5; Smoked. Beef. 14c
per lb.
Provisions.
KANSAS CITY, June 15.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. <i000; steady to 60 lower. -Native
steers, $4 50® 6 40: native cows and heifers,
$2 25«%5 40; stockers and feeders. $3Q4 60:
bulls $2 76&4 25; calves, $2 50@4 50; Western
steers. $4 6O®6; Western cows. $2 25@5.
HOGS— Receipts, S000; wenk to Oc lower.
Bulk of sales, $4 75®4 90; -heavy, $4 85®
4 90;. packers, $4 7504 90; pigs and lights,
$4 25©4 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000; steady. Muttons.
$3 50&5 60; lambs. $5 25*57; range wethers,
$4 25<y5; ewes, $3 60@4 75.
Mseellaneous Markets.
Kansas Citv.
CHICAGO, June 15.— CATTLE— Receipts,
21*000; market steady. Good to prime steers.
55 75@fl C5; poor to medium. $4 7£iJ5 «5;
stockers and feeders, $3®4 75; cows, $1 75®
4 75; heifers. $2 50@5 25; canners. $1 75@2 75;
bulls. $2 20^4 75: calves, $34i 5 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 33,000; to-morrow,
23,000; market 6c lower. Mixed and butchers,
$4 00(55 05: good to* choice heavy, $4 05®
5 07%: rough heavy. $4 S5@5 05; light, $4' 80®
4 95: bulk of sales, $4.90®5. ,
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000; market for sheep,
steady; for lambs, steady. Good to choice
wethers. $4 75®5 25: lambs.. $5@6 75.
... Omaha.
' OMAHA, June " ' 15.— CATTLE — Receipts.
.1500; steady to 10c lower. Native steers.
$4 6006 20; cows and heifers, $3 60®5; can
ners. $2€«?; stockers and feeders. $2 7504 20;
natives, $2 50W5 50; bulls, $2.75<f$4 60.
HOGS— Receipts. 12,000; weak to 6c lower.
Heavy, $4 80®4 90: mixed. $4 75®4 80; light,
$4 (>r>@4 75: pigs, $4@4 60; bulk of sales, $4 75
Hi 80. ¦ >
SHEEP— Receipts, 400; . steady. Western
yearlings.' $5<£r> 60; wethers. $5@5 60; ewes,
$4 75I&5 20: common, and stockers, $3@5;
lambs, $5 2507. .-• ',>ff
Chicago.
I CATTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
CHICAGO. June 15. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day th* butter market was easy;'
creamery. 13%«?17%c: dairy. 11%®16c. Eggs
were weak at 14@14%c. Cheese was weak at
"KSSc.
j Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
FRUITS — New crop futures — Apricots, 7©5c;
Peaches. 5Vi!85%c per lb. Old crop — Apricots,
M/tUc for Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 4Vi®6c; sun-dried. 31z4%c;
Peaches. 76S:; Figs, white, 2%@3c in boxes;
black, 4*;c; Plums, pitted. 5(57^0 per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2®2fsC for the four
slzts
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 4-ciown.
4c per lb; 3-crown, 4Uc; 2-crown, 4c; Malaga,
loose. 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3%c; Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas, 3%c: Seedless
Muscatel*. 3%c; do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy. 5%c; choice. 5>;c;
12-03 cartons, fancy. 4%c: choice. 4%c; In
bulk, fancy S<ic; choice, 5c: Imperial clus
ters, $3; Dehesa. 52 60; fancy. $2: London
Layers. 3-crown, $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%@14c;
No. 2. ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13%c;
No. 2. 11©11%c; Almonds, 11 %c for Nonpa
reils. ll%c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9V4c tor Languedec; Peanuts. ef(7c for
Eastern: Pecans. lKil.'Ic: Cocoanuts, $4 50£5.
HONEY— Comb. 11%® 12 Vic for white and
10@llc for amber; water white extracted. $®
Cc; light amber - extracted. 4%®5c; dark,
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits JN uts, Raisins, Honey.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock*— gnleo. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 19.900 72>4 71 £, 71%
Atchison pfd 2,800 , C4«i 94U »4%
Baltimore k Ohio.. 7.100 80« 79Vi TOW
Bait A Ohio pfd... , I* .. 91
Canadian Pacific. 8.4O0 119% 119* 119%
Central of N J.... 100 l«Hi Irtiaj i«i "
Chesapeake & Ohio 700 31% 30% 31
Chicago & Alton 38
Chi & Alton pfd.. ..... M 7ru
¥ S 1^** 1 *™ 60 ° 13% i3H 13%
Chi & N W 200 lfta% 160 168%
Chi M & St Paul.. 22.800 14334 142 142
Chi M * St P pfd 100 177% 177U 177
Chi Term & Trans. 200 eU 6U «
r*cT-V B t P L"" 4W> U * u » u *
L C> C ft r<l I* gg
Colorado Southern. 100 15% 1514 jru
Colo So let pfd.... 100 49 49 isi'i
Colo 60 2d pfd.... 200 19% 19U in 1?
Delaware & Hud.. 400 155% 154U 164
Del Lack & West. 200 270* 270 271
Denver *: R G....". 200 20 20 " "0^4
Denver & R O prd. 200 70 70 " 70
Erl* 4,200 24% 23% 23S
Erie 1st pfd 1,600 C9 5S»J 5*2
Brie 24 pfj 300 33«4 34i| 33
NEW YORK. June 15. — The heavy demand
for Union Pacific, which developed yesterday
before tbe market clos-4. was .conspicuously In
evidence- again this morning and was supple
mentf-d by sympathetic strength In Southern
Pacific. Th» movement >n the stocks domln
atc-.l the whole market and the news devel
opments regarding them were taken to explain
the recent movement of the market In kci.
«ral, *•> that pome realizing in the general
list fo'.'.owed th* day's news. The early sur
mis-f over the ground of the heevy dealings
in the Vaolflo covered a wifle range, including
a Southern Pacific refunding scheme and an
Incidental settlement of the whole controversy
over the transcontinental ilel-l of railroading.
The more definite formulation of the reports
dashed the" speculative ardor, especially that
of Southern Pacific holders. The reports were
without explicit official sanction, but credence
was given tt thise pointing to a determination
to provide for an Issue of (100.000.000 of
Southern Pacific preferred stocks with 7 per
tent dividend privileges, the proceeds to be
used for retiring the floating indebtedness of
:h* Southern Pacific Company and for ether
purpoxrs. Of the total amount authorized th*
immediate Issue of $40,000,000 of the preferred
ktock was said to be Intended. On the pub
lication of the plan the Southern Pacific ran
off sharply under very heavy offerings.
Its weakness and the Intermittent strength of
Union Pacific kept the market unsettled and
confused for the rest of the day. There was
a lnrp* shrinkage In the volume of dealings
r.t anr.thi-r cenwquencr. Union Pacific's
strength followed from the fact that a large
part of Southern Pacific's floating Indebtedness
'Js to Un!on Pacific, for v.hlch the plan pro
vides r»:-lniJ>ursenient. Southern Pacific's weak
ness was due to the unpleasant ImpresRion
cau».-«d by a large Issue of preferred -stock
ahead of the present stock. The termination
of the strike of vessel men on the Lakes helped
on the early firmness In the market. There
was some heaviness in the coalers from the
outset and they were Tather prominent In the
later v.x-akneFs with the repetition' of rumors
of Fitlcra- proceedings aFMinst the coal com
bination. The fnrrign trade statement for
May sh-wed the larg* falling off In exports <.t
domestic products partly mitigated by the to
tnl expert figures, but ai. accompanying in
crease in the imports reduced, the trade bal
ance^n our favor for thp month to $9,293,847,
romjAred with $21.Kfl4.4.'>4 for May of last
yenr. A transfer through tha xubtreasury by
telegraph of $l..'«''0.00rt to San Francisco is be
lieved to represent the proceeds of the Jap
»;n<*s* Iuan tr» pay for Japanese Government
purchar.es en the Pacific Coast. Bankers con-'
nested with the loan are emphatic In the as
sertion that net one dollar of the proceeds of
the lo.tr. Is destined to find Its way back to
Jar-*n. The selling to realize In Ihe latter
par', of the day left the day's changes on the
si<V of the losses. *
P-ond. prices showed Irregular changes, but a
good absorption continued In evidence. Total
¦ale*, fi.nio.ooo.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
Owing to a mistake In the decrease of the
Chicago private elevator stock tho Bradstreet
visible «upply of corn shows an Increase of
2.87*5.000 bushels, instead of 878.000 bushels,
as Issued yesterday. .
Nczv Y or If Stock Market.
The San Francisco and Tonopah ITlnlng Ex
change continues the only lively exchange in
the local market, and transactions there are
large, with prices very Irregular and tending
upward as a rule. The other mining stocks
continue quiet. Local securities are exeremely
dull, and while there is something doing In
bonds there Is no movement In stocks. Tn« oil
stocks are still neglected.
The South Eureka Mining 'Company of Cali
fornia has levied an assessment of 2c, amount-
Ing to $t>000. delinquent June 13.
Ex-divldend yesterday: The California Gas
anJ Electric Corporation, a regular monthly
of 25c; the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com
pany, a regular mrnthly of 20c; Port Costa
Water Company, a regular monthly of 30c: the
Debenture Surety Company, the usual monthly
dividend of 5c; the Daly West Mining Com
pany of Utah, a monthly dividend of 40c: th«
National Lead Company, a regular quarterly
dividend of 1% per cent on the preferred stock;
the Federal Mining and Smelting Company,
dividends of 1% per cent on the preferred
stock and 1% per cent on the common stock:
the Four Oil Company, monthly dividend of lc
per share, amounting to $C000; Sovereign Oil,
l%c: Sterling Oil. 6c.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
has declared a tegular quarterly dividend of
$1 25 per share, payable June 30.
The following oil companies nave declared
monthly. dividends: Home. 2%,c. amounting to
$25))O payable June 20; Oil City Petroleum. %c.
$2500. payable July 1: Twehty-etght. 15c $!XXX>.
payable July 1. being an Increase of 5c.
The London and San Francisco Bank, limited,
has declared- a dividend for the six months end
ed March 31. at the rate of 4 per cent per an
num, now payable.
The Security Savings Bank has declared ¦ a
s«ml-annual dividend at the rate of 3.23 per
cent per annum on all deposits, payable July 1.
This Is the same rate as paid for the six
months ended December 31. 1903.
The San Francisco Savings Union has de
clared semi-annual dividends at the rate of 3
per cent per annum on ordinary deposits and
3% Per cent on term, payable July 1. Thes«
are the same rates as paid for the preceding
six months. ¦ ».
The German Pavings and Loan Society has
declared a half-yearly dividend .at th* rate of
3.25 per cent per annum on all deposits, pay
able July L The same rate was paid for the
six months ended December 31. 1903.
The Ophlr Mining Company report* the re
ceipt of $6777 13 from the sale of four railroad
carloads of ore and has fourteen carloads on
the way.
Tonopah Mining Shares Active-
All Others Dull.
CHICAGO. June 15. — Ca«\> quotations were
as follows: Flour, quiet and easy; No. 2
spring wh*at, 92@05c; No. 3, 85<f?«3c; No 2
red $1 01 Cl 02: No. 2 corn, 4«%c; No. S
yellow. 50%c; No. 2 oats. 41%@41%c; No.
3 white. 41%®43%; good feeding barley. 36®
4lc: fair to choice mnltlng, 44©54c: No. 1 flax
seed, $1 01; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 08; prime
timothy-seed. $2 15; mess i>ork, per bbl..
$12 355T12 40; lard, per 100 lbs. $6 07%<5-6 70;
short ribs sides (loose), $7«j7 25: short clear
sides fboxed) $7®7 25; whisky, basin of high
wines, $1 2S; clover, contract grade. $10 75.
Articles — \ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 42.500 31.700
Whial. bushels KI.OoO 5<U0O
Corn bushels r.f>2.100 3CS.SP0
Oats, bushels ..232.000 ; 167.4(X>
Rye. bushels 4.000 » 7.100
Barley, bushels SO.BCO 4.700
Cash Grain and Provisions.
STOCK MARKET.
"We have ascertained that the recent Gov
ernment bid for 4000 tons of hay will be let
In San Francisco. It Is not expected that
much benefit will be derived from it. for de
liveries will be taken In rather small Install
ments throughout the next two or three months-.
Prices continue practically unchanged, but
just as soon as we get Into the new crop
there will surely be a considerable decline
from the present range. Some little activity
In sections south of us has been noted, due to
the fact that many of the Southern Califor
nia dealers have been making purchases
throughout the Ean Joaquln • Valley. To the
north of us a large crop will be harvested, and
It looks as thouch prices might rule rather
low when some of it begins to seek a market
within a month or two from now."
BRAN— $22R23 per ton. \
MIDDLINGS— $24«?29 per ton.
SHORTS— $22023 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22 50W23
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50031;
Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal. $32033: Cracked Corn.. $32 50033 50:
Mixed Feed. $22023; Horse Beans. $3O@4O per
ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat.. $10014 60; Wheat and Oat.
$ll(&12 50; Oat. $9^12; Wild Oat, $7@10; Bar
ley and Oat. $7@U; Stock. $7@S; Alfalfa. $79
10 per ten; new Volunteer Wild Oat, $7®S per
ton. New Wheat, "$10@12; new Alfalfa, $7
perton.
STRAW— 60@S0c per bale.
Hay dealers reported yesterday that It was
now definitely known that the San Francisco
market would secure the Government 'Manila
order for the 3876 tons, but It would have
no effect on- the market. a« It was to b-y
strung along over a long period of time — from
now until October. The market showed no
change. A car of choice new wheat Hay came
In from Contra Costa County and a cargo of
new Alfalfa from the river, neither lot being
placed on the, market.
Feedstuffs remain firm at previous quota
tions.
¦ The circular of Somers & Co. says:
"Hay shipments have been somewhat on the
Increase during the past week, for the total
shows 2600 tons, an increase of 500 tons over
the week preceding. For some little time past
arrivals by water have be,en rather light, av
eraging 6 or 7 cargoes per week. The record
for the last six days,- however, shows a total
of 14 cargoes.' which is responsible for the
Increase In receipts. Everything arriving by
water has been «ld crop hay with the excep
tion of twfc cargoes of new first-cutting Al
falfa from up river. These graded only as
stock hay and f<o!d In the neighborhood of
$7 per ton. By rail practically everything has
been old crop hay, although during the week
two or three cars of poor Volunteer have ar
rived, together with two or three cars of fair
quality wheat hay. The former sold for $7
per ton, whllc«on the latter but $10 per ton
was offered, althouch more was asked. Gen
erally speaking, matters are very quiet with us.
Enough old hay seems to be coming to supply
the demand, and no one seems Inclined to take
any Interest In the new crop as yet. We do
not anticipate much activity In this line until
about «.te 1st of July.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NEW YORK. June 15.— Close— Money on
call was easy; highest, 1 Vi per cent; lowest, 1
per cent; ruling rate. 1>, per cent; last loan,
1>« per cent^i closing bid. 1% per cent: of
fered. 1 Vi per cent. Tim* loans were easy
and dull: sixty and ninety days. 2% per
cent: six months' bills. 3!fj3Vi per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3%64% per cent. Sterling
exchange was easy, with actual business in
banker*' bil!p at $4.8720(94.6725 for demand
and at M~8T>25!Si 4.8530 for sixty day bllU.
Posted rates, (4 Stjijj 4 SS. Commercial bills,
$4 NT.tM »«5%. Bar silver. 55»*c. Mexican dol-
Iar«, 44%c. Bonds — Governments, steady;
railroads. Irregular.
New, York Money Market.
WESTERN.
Cora, ctls 2,400! Cornmeal. sks .. 1,100
Flour qr sks .1 12.970! Shorts, sks .... 13fl
Wheat, ctls .... 7151 Middlings, ska.. 600'
Barley, ctls.... 3,040{Woo]. bales .... ' ' M
Corn ctl« 3t> Hay tons 307
R» ' ctls 4551 Wine, gals 112.000
Tallow, ctls ... 237i Quicksilver, flks. II
Beans, sks 8921 Lime, bbls 276
Potatoes, sks .. 1,814! Leather, rolls .. 15!>
Onions, sks ... 531 1 Pelts, bdla 7V5
Bran. sks. 730( Hides. No 1.227
FOR WEDNESDAY. JU?JE 15.
Receipts of Produce.
FLOUR — California •Family Extras, $4 60®
4 90 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 SO:
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per bbl
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per- 100 lb*:
Rye Flour, $3 50: Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
f"; Corn Meal. $3 50: extra cream da. $4 25;
Oat Groats, $4 60; Hominy. JJfM 25;- Buck
wheat Flour. $4 60*54 75; Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75.
Rolled-Oats bbU. $7 2.VJS CO; In sacks, $G 759
8 10; Pearl' Barley. $S; Spilt Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour, and Millstuffs.
day: Hght southerly winds, changing to brisk
westerly.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending at 5 p. m.,
llM'th meridian time, San Francisco, June 15,
l'jQ4:
.11 i! f * ~=
STATIONS. 3 3 o ¦* c S
s I 1 i h
: •: P- ¦ ? ? s
Cloverdale 81 53 Clear lob
Cotaam 76 56 Clear .00
Enrtka 54 50 W Pt.Cldy T
Kroer.o 08 56 NW Clear .00
Hanford 101 56 Clear .00
Hollistcr 72 57 W Clear .00
ing City 81 51 N Clear . .00
Livern-.ore 66 51 Clear .00
Los Ang'-'les 70 58 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Newcastle 94 43 N Clear .00
N'-wman 95 51 Clear .00
Palermo KS 51 • S Wear .00
Pnrttrvllle P3 68 NW Clear .00
Red B'.uft* S4 58 ' F" 3 : Clear .00
Sacramento «8 52 HW Clear .00
*an IMc-si 70 62 NW Clear .00
San Frar.dsco 54 50 W Cloudy .00
San Jose 74 55 Clear .00
fan LmIs Obispo 72 54 NW Clear .00
Santa Rosa 65 50 .-... "Clear .05
Stocktm 81 53 Clear .00
Willows ...\ 80 5fi S Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Har-.ford — Grain doing nicely, fruit crop good.
Colura— Weather favorable for all crops.
HollifUT— Apricots doing well, crop good.
Stoektcn — Shipment of ai>rlccts going for
ward, of poor quality and scaly.
Newman — Conditions unchanged.
Palermo— fig crop looking well.
San Jose — Apricots coming m fast, crop very
good.
Livermore— Cold foggy weather, very favor
able for crops-
Santa Rosa — Cocl south br«eze with high
fee mornings, excellent for growing crops.
Willows — Eearly peaches ripening, crop
short.
C'loverdale — Sulphuring grape vines has
begun.
A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
EASTERN 3IAEKETS.
APRICOTS— Small boxes anfl crates, 50@90c;
baskets, (Kt<fi75c. \
APPLKS — Old. $1 50<@2 23 per box: new
Green. 25<J50c for small boxes ..and 85c@$l for
large."
PEARS— 25<g35c per box or basket.
PEACH ES— 7.V®*! r*r box ur basket.
PLUMS — Clyman. 50673c per box or basket;
Cherry Plums. 40S60c per drawer.
CANTALOUPES— $3#4 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $I(g3 per
box. as to size and quality: Seedlings. $1 25@
1 50; Valencia*. Jl 50®2 50; Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 75; Tangerines, $1 75<S2; Lemons,
$2 5<>«r$2 75 for fancy, $1 50^1 75 for choice 1
and $1®1 25 for standard: Grape Fruit. $1 50 >
(52 for seedless and $1@1 50 for ordinary; :
Mexican Limes. $4 50<55 per case; Bananas, !
$2f?3 per bunch for Central American and ;
$lf72 tor Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2@3 per
dozen. . . j
The cool weather restricted trade In Citrus
fruits, but there was a fair Inquiry for good
sound Oranges for shipment to Honolulu. At
the auction sale 3 cars of assorted fruit were
sold as follows: Navels, $2 per box for fancy.
$1 25©1 75 for choice and 5Oc(g$l 23 for
standard; choice Valenclas, $1 25®1 50. Most
of the Navels showed • traces of age and the
top rates were obtained only for a few fancy
lots.
STRAWBERRIES— $4«7 per chest for Long
worths and $2«4 50 for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— $2§3 50 per chest for red
and $3#4 for black.
BLACKBERRIES— $1@6 per chest; crates
from Newcastle, 50c.
RAtPBERRIES-^JfiSlO per chest; crate*
from Newcastle. 75c(&$l: from Fresno. $175.
GOOSEBERRIES— 2$3c per lb for small and
7csfor English.
CURRANTS— $4@5 per chest.
CHERRIES — 50<&60c In drawers and 60^75c
in flats and cartons; in 1 bulk. 3@7c per lb for
Black, 3fJ4c for commen White and 5®6c for
Royal Anne.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Trade In the fruit market was quite active
on local account, and a good demand was
noted for shipment to nearby towns and Hono
lulu. Flno lets of Cherries, suitably packed
for export, were very scarce and cleaned tip
quickly, and occasional sales of extras were
reported at a substantial advance over the
quotations'. Loose Cherries were firmer for
good sound lots, but poor and soft stock
dragged and could be had in the afternoon
at easy figures. Longworth Strawberries were
dull and lower; as the previous high prices,
together with the poor quality of the berries,
checked the demand. Everything else In the
berry line was quoted steady. Currants did
better under light receipts, and the market
was practically bare at the close. Figs con
tinued to arrive rather freely and sold from
?1 t.-> $2 25 per box. as to size of package, and
Seedless Grapes were in fair request at H®
1 50 per crate. Small tree fruits, such as
Apricots. Peaches and Plums, were In ample
supply and dull, except for the very best
stock.
July .Md 85% 36%. 85 U 85%
July, new M% S.">*» 84% M
S?ptember. old.. Sl% 82 V 4 81% S2V*
September, new. SOU 80% 60 80%
Corn No. 2 —
June .... .... 48
July 48% 48% 48% 4S%
September 4*% 4OV4 48% 49%
Oats No. 2 —
June .-.' '-.'.'r ¦.-... ¦ ... : 41 %
July 89% 39% 39'i 39%
September 32% 32 >4 31 Ti 32%
December 32% 32% 02% 32%
Mess Pork, per bbl. — '
July 12 30 12 57% 12 30 12 40
September 12 63 12 80 12 C2% 12 65
Lard, p«r 1C0 lbs.—
July 0 70 6 80 6 70 672%
September 6 87% 6 97% 6 85 6 00
Short Rllw, per lot* lbs.—
Julv 7 15 7 25 7 15 7 20
September 7 32% 7 42% 7 30 7 35
CHICAGO, June 15. — For the first half of
the session sentiment in the wheat pit was
bearish and prices were a trifle lower than
yesterday's closing figures. Initial quotations
for July were down '/s&VjC to %@%c at 84%©
84%c. During the early hours the volume of
trading was small. On account of heavy rains
In the Southwest, which will interfere with
harvest operations, there was lack of selling
pressure. A good export demand was the
chief feature that -added strength to the situa
tion during the last part of the day. The tone
at the close was firm. After jelling atS5VfeC
July closed at S5c.
A general commission-house demand with
only moderate offerings caused flrmne?s in
corn. The market closed near th« high point.
July opened at 4fS%Q48',ic and closed at 4S%c.
Oats were steady. With the trading almost
entirely In the September option. July opened
at .'{U'/jc and closed at 39%c.
Provisions were easy at the start, due to
liberal receipts of hogs and to lower prices
at the yard*, but sentiment soon changed to
firmness on actlv e demand from shorts. Most
of the gain wan subsequently lost on heavy
selling by packers. The market closed at
about yesterday's final figures, September pork
being up 5c at $12 65. Lard was unchanged
at f6 90 and ribs were up 2%c at $7 33.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. 1#dw. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
In spite of the heavy receipts Butter seems
to' pass out of receivers* hands readily, and I
while stocks are large there Is no accumula- ;
tlon. Storing of the surplus Is still going on 1
freely. Prices are unchanged. The estab- j
llshment of evaporated cream and condensed
milk plants 'here and there on the Pacific
Coast is having some effect on the output of
Cheese, and the ultimate result of this new
feature of the dairy trade Is causing some |
discussion among dealers. Several already re- !
port a resultant falling off In the Cheese out
put in one or two Important districts.
While the feeling in Eggs Is weak, it Js
not sufficiently so to Justify any marked de
cline In quotations. Some dealers are letting i
their ranch goods go at 21©22c to keep their j
stccks down, while others • still report 23c |
Stocks however, are large, and the tendency j
Is to sell, especially as free offerings of East
ern are beginning to tell on the market.
Receipts were 44.600 lbs Butter, 13S5 cases j
Errs and 28,900 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 18%019o
for extras and 17%©l8c for firsts; dairy, lft'S
17%c; itore Butter. 13@15c; cold storage, nom-
CHEESE— 8@8%c for good to choice new ,
and 6©7c for lower grades; Young Americas. ¦
9©9%c; Eastern, 12%®14c; Western. ll@12c ;
per lb ' ;
E GGS— Ranch. 20®23c for fair to choice; 1
store. 16® 19c; Eastern, 10320c for firsts and j
16%@18c for seconds. i
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Open. High. LowT~ Close.
December... 06% 96% 96Vi OUVi
OATS — There Is nothing further new to re
port. The Government has not yet awarded
the Manila contract, as far as the local trade
are aware.
White. $1 40@l 45; Black. $1 20® 1 25: Red.
It 2C&1 30; Gray, nominal. -New , crop red.
$1 10@l 20 per ctl.
CORN — Quctatlons were considerably at sea
yesterday, dealers quoting all sorts of prices.
The quotations below are about half-way be
tween the extreme?, which Is as close as tho
market can be given at the moment. The
regular receipts from the West were posted,
but arrivals from State sources were Insignifi
cant.
Western sacked, $1 50®l 55 for Yellow.
$1 47".<§1 B2% for White- and $1 45#1 50 for
Mixed; California large Yellow, $1 55; small
round do, $1 55^1 60; White. $1 55 per ctl;
Egyptian. $1 32%§1 42% for White and 1 $1 25®
1 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 30@l. 52% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December .. 95% ' 00% 05% 06%
2 p. m. Session.
Feed. $1@1 03%: Brewing. $1 05@l 10;
Chevalier, $1 02%ftl 10 for fair to choice.
CASH BARLEY.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 28 $128^ fl 2S $1 28>4
BARLEY — The market for cash grain and
futures 'is a fraction or so higher, owlnx to
light receipt*. Sales of new crop Feed to ar
rive at $1 are reported. Otherwise there. Is
nothing new.
2 p. m.' Session.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 27% $1 2S% $1 27% $1 2S%
FUTURES.
California Club. $1 27«.ff?l 35: California
White Australian, $1 52 H@l 67%: Northern
Club. $1 30@l 40: Northern Bluestem, (1 50
©1 55 per ctl
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT— The only news from abroad was
that crop prospects In Roumanla were becom
ing unfavorable. Liverpool futures were
lower. ¦
Chicago showed no change worthy of note.
The tone there is reported heavy, and there
Is more old Wheat on hand than wanted, with
new Wheat at hand. Exports for May were
less than 4 000,000 bushels, the smallest month
ly clearance in a decade. Minneapolis report
ed Northwestern crop prospects brilliant and
the Flour demand dead. The demand for cash
Wheat, Is better, as the mills were starting
up agUin ' yesterday. There is an Increased
acreage this year over last of 7 per cent
In North Dakota,' 1 per cent in South Dakota
and 2 ner cent In Minnesota.
In tho San Francisco market futures were
unchanged.' but the cafh grain was weak, with
prices being shaded to close buyers to effect
ealee.*
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, ¦ sixty days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 488
Sterling Exchange, cables — 488%
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 06
Silver, per ounce — 5554
Mexican Dollars " 45 ,9 —
Exchange and Bullion.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for eases
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 10®l 12; Lucol. 45c for bolted
and 43c for raw; China Nut. «2%©80c per gat-
Ion; Cocoannt OU in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and
55c for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. €8c; natural winter Sperm Oil. «3c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57e: natural WhaU
Oil, 52c: extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c:
No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 13c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 6Cc: light Herring Oil,
42c; dark Herring OU. 40c: Salmon OIL 34c;
boiled Fish Oil 37c; raw Fish Oil. 35c: boiled
Paint OH, 33c: raw Paint OH. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astrs,!. 20c;
Star. 2Oc; Extra Star. 24c: Elaine. 2Ge;
Eocene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. lGc: in cases, 22%c; Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In cases, 19%c: 86- degree Gasoline. Ja
bulk. 25c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels •
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 7%f»
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7%<97%c according
to quantity. .
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 10O-lb bars:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. &.95c;
Powdered. 5.80c; Candy Granulated, 5.8Oe; Dry
Granulated^ fine. 5.70c: Dry Granulated, eoarae.
5.70c: Fruit Granulated. 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated (lOO-Ib bags only). 5.60c: Confectioners"
A. 5.70c: Magnolia A. 5.30c: Extra C. 5.20t:;
Golden C. 5.10c; "D." 5c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more; 5O-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.20c; boxes. 6.43c: H. &. E. Crystal
Domlnos, 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy- five barrels or its equivalent.
Harrison's circular says: "Since the steam
ship Sonoma left there have been no arrivals
of coal from any Australian ports, yet. 5'.rgu
lar to say. th«re appears no apparent urgent
requirement for. colonial coal, although theTe
Is no excessive amount here In yard. There
are four cargoes fully due here to arrive from
Australia with about 8O0O tons, but aa th«
coal on each of these vessels Is specially adapt
ed for domestic purposes, it is not in Immedi
ate demand, as the sals for household pur
poses at this season of the year is very light.
There are forty-one vessels on the engaged
list for the carriage of ccal from Australia,
their aggregate carrying capacity being abcut
105,000 tons. As about 75 per cent of this
coal will not arrive for several months hence.
It will probably come to a fairly profitable mar
ket, as tt Is exclusively a fuel suitable for
household purposes. Coals mined in Australia
specially adapted for steam purposes are Uabl»
to come to an unprofitable market for several
months to come, as they have to come la direct
competition with British Columbia and Wash
ington coals which are being landed here at
prioes with which they . cannot possibly com
pete. Prices remain unchanged, although
slight concessions are being made for round .
lots. The volume of business la extremely
light, and complaints are very general about
the small quantities changing hands; the
present asking rates of freight oa grain car
riers are exceedingly low, with a dismal out
look for any Improvement In the near future.
This will not prove very seductive to coal car
riers from Australia seeking this port for
profitable business."
BAGS-/-Graln Bags are lower and dull at
5%c. owing to less favorable crop prospects;
San Quentin. $5 40; Wool Bags. S2&33c; Fleece
Twine. 7®8c.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; New Welling
ton, $9; Seattle. $<". 50; Bryant. $6 50: l>a»-r
HIM. 55 50; Stanford. $7: Roslyn. $7: C«
Bay $5 50; Greta $7: YVallsend. $7: Richmond
$7 '50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh. Anthracite Egg. 513; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $3 50 per ton; Coke. Ill 5'. dr 15
per ton In hulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun.
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 20CO lbs and $12 80
per long ton, according to brand.
General Merchandise.
POULTRY— Uve Turkeys. 14®15c par lb:
Ge<fee. per pair, $1 25®1 60; Goslings. $1 509
1 7.1; Ducks, $4@4 50 per dozen for old and
$4 50®5 50 for young: Hens. $5 50®6 for
large and $4®5 for small : young 1 Roosters,
$7 50@0; old Roosters. $4 5035; Fryers, $5 50@
6 50*; Broilers. $3@4 for large and $2 2532 50
for small; Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 5C«n 75 for Squab*.
'GAME— Hare. $1 50 per dosen: Rabbits.
$1 75@2 for Cottontail* and $1 per dozen for
brush.
No more Western Poultry wa» put on. but
the market was amply supplied with domestic
stock and young fowl met with a steady de
mand at previous prices. Hens were weak.
as retailers were well supplied with Western,
and old Roosters continued to drag at easy
rates. Game of good quality found prompt
sale, at unchanged rates.
Poultry and Game.
Wall-street Stocks irregular and weak. Cotton lower.
Local Stocks neglected. Tonopah Stocks active.
Silver and Exchange about as before quoted.
Wheat easy', zvith sellers shading the quotations.
Barley rather higher under light arrivals.
Oats steady. Corn unsettled and variously quoted.
Hay still dull and weak. Feedstuff s firm.
Gram Bags lower, owing to less favorable crop outlook.
Xo further change in Beans and Seeds.
Butter steady. Eggs weak, with sellers shading.
New Evaporated Cream factories cutting into Cheese business.
Provision dealers talking of advancing Bacon and Lard.
Caitle, Sheep and Hogs continue to arrive freely.
Xezv Potatoes in moderate receipt and firm.
Vegetables weak under large receipts.
Plenty of Poultry on the market. Game selling well.
Fruit active on local and shipping account.
Coal in sufficient supply at previous prices.
The rate of dincount In the open market for
short bills Is 2%02'4 per cent and for three
months' bill* 2% per c«nt.
Cons for money.. 00% New York Cefl>. ..119H
Cons for account. 90'', I Norfolk & West..B7%
Anaconda 3% I Do rfd 89
Atchison 74 mntario A West.. 2flH
Do pfd 97 IPennsylx-anla 5>H-
Rait & Ohio 82m Kami Mines 10%
Canad'an Pacific. 122% i Reading 24%
Ches A Ohio 32V4I Do 1st pfd 41%
Chi Great West.. 14 Do 2d pfd .13%
C. M & St P 140% I Southern Ky 32
Ee Beer* 19UI . Do pfd 87 '.
en & Tilo G.,.. 2t% I Southern Pacific. 49%
Do pfd 72 I Union Pacific 89 14
Erie 24*5 1 Do nfd ..05
Do 1st pfd 60%|U S Rtenl 0%
Do 2d pfd 37 ! Do pfd TAU
Illinois Central.. 133% I W« bosh 17
Louta * Nash 112%I Do pfd 3fl
Mo. Ka« & Tex.. 17%|PpBnlsh Fours 85%
Bar silver — Quiet. 25 7-lCd per ounce.'
Money — 2%ig2% per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
Money— |U S Steel 9
Call loans 2%fi3%; Do pfd 54',i
Time loans 3 @4 Wcnt'house Com.. 77 -
Bonds— • Mining —
Atchison adj 4s.. 97 Vt Adventure 1
Do 4s 100 Allouez 514
Mexican Ccn 4s.. CO' Amalgamated 4fi*t
Railroads — Amcr Zinc 9%
Atchlson 71% Atlantic 7%
Do pfd 94 »i ningham 20%
Boston & Albany. 240 Calumet & Hecla.453'
Boston ft Maine. .l'"2%! Centennial 10
Ponton Elevated. .148 ICopi>er Rans«- 42
Fltchburp pfd l.!4%!Daly V.'est ,. . . 23%
Mexican Central.. fl%! Dominion Coal CO
N Y. N II & H...1S'! iFranklin 7
Pere Marquette.. 7S i Orancy 3
Union Pacific... 87%' Isle Royale 7
Miscellaneous — |Mas» Mining 314
Am Anre Cheml.. 13%l Michigan 3%
Do pfd 73 1 Mohawk ' 40
Am Pnur Tube... 4%|Mont Coal & Coke. 4
Amer Sugar. .... .120%iOld Dominion..... 12%
Do pfd -....125% Osctola 54
Am TH & Tel 12S% Parrot 24%
Amer Woolen l f i% Qulncy 80
Do pM 75%|Shannon 0%
Dominion I & S.. 7 Vi Tamarack 80
Ed Eire Ilium 234%lTrlnlty ;.... 3%
Grneral Electric. 151 %l IT 3 Mining. ...... l'»%
Maes Ilectric IS U S Oil 10
Do pfd 70 Utah 35','
Maw Gn*., .. 30% Victoria 2
United Fruit 107%!Wlnona 6%
United Shoe Mach 49%|Wolverine 71%
Do pfd 29%|
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Adams Con 20! Little Chief C5
Alice "5, Ontario 3 75
Ur-ec* 70|Ophlr 3 7*
Brunswick Con.... 14|Phoonlx l»7
Comstock Tunnel.. 001 f'otosl do
Con Cal & Va 1 75Savage 12
Horn Silver 1 -".SI Sierra Nevada . 33
Iron Silver 175!SmaII Hopes 15
Loadvlllc Con 02iStandard 2 03
U S ref 2s reg. . .104% I L. & N unified 4S.101T4
Do coupon lG3>.,!Man con gold 45.103%
Do 3a. reg 1C5% Mexican Cen 4s.. U2
Do coupon 106 I Do 1st inc. 12%
Do new 4s..reg.l32UIMinn & St Louis.. 80
Do coupon. :...132%|M. K & T 4s..... 0S%
Do old 4s. reg.. lf>«; Do 2ds 77%
Do coupon 107 |Ntl R Mex con 4s. 74%
Atchison gen 4s. .102 IN Y Cen gen 3'ia.lOoi,
Do adjust 4s... 91%|N J Cen gen .">*.. l:<2
Atlantic C L 4s.. 95V 4 | Northprn Pac 4s.. 104%
Bait & Ohio 4s...K»2V t ', Do' 3s 7.!%
Do 3%e 95%|Xor * W#»t con 4s,!t9%
Central of Ga 6s.l09%|OSL 4s and panic 00
Do 1st Inc 73% Penn conv 3%s... 06
Chen & Ohio 4%s.l«)4%| Reading gen 4«...100%
Chi & Alton 3>i». 7t» IStL & IM con 5s. .115
C. B & Q new 4s. 95%|StL & SF tg 4s.. *2%
C.MAStP gen 4»..ll'9%|St L S W lets 93%
C & N W con 7s.l2S't, Seaboard A L 4b. 62
C.RI&P RR 4s. Southern Pac 4s.. 91%
Do col 5« 79% Southern Ry 5s... 117%
CCC&StL g«l 4s. 99 ITfras & Pac lsU.llSVi
Chi Terminal 4s. 75VJ1T, St L & W 4s.. 70
Con Tobacco 4s.. «2%j Union Paclfif 4«..10.' > Ti
Colo & South 4s.. M I Do conv 4s !)9
C F & I conv 5s. 70 ! I" S Steel 2d .'*... 74%
Den & Rio G 4s. 90%tWaba«h lsts 116%
Erie prior Hen 4*. 09%| Do deb B 5S%
Do gen 4s 85% I Wheel & L E 4s.. s:t%
Ft W & D C lsts.104 I Wisconsin Cen 4s. 00
Hocking Val 4%r.100%|
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
NEW YORK BONDS
Common, bid 4%, asked 4%; preferred, bid
3SH. asked 39.
Hocking Valley .... 67
Hocking Valley pfd 300 80% 80',, SO
Illinois Central 800 130% 130 129%
Iowa Central 300 n* 17 17
Iowa Central pfd 35
K C Southern '. .20
K C Southern pfd "** 39U
Loul«vUl<? & Nash. 4,000 300% 108% 108*4
M anh o tUn L 6 ' 300 148 # 147 *4 147 %
Met Securities 300 79% 79% 78^
Jf't St Ry 0.000 114% 112% 112$
Mexican Central .. 2.80O 7% 7U 71?
(•Minn &.St Loul*.. 100 43V, . 43^ 40
M St P & S Ste M. 200 62^ 62V6 62
M S P & S S M pfd 100 120^ 120 119
Missouri Pacific... 2,400 U2% 91 H 01
Mo K & T 800 1C% 16H 16Vi
Mo K & T pfd.... 2.400 37>, 36»i 36
Nat RIt of Jlei pfi " '* 3S
£"? J 0^ C entra » l.«» 116 li5% 115 ¦
NoSI^^™ .. 60 ° Wi 66 i %
Ontario & Western 5.000 26 25% 25 Vl
pu n ,rc iv n a s VL: i9 - 700 ii5% mf. hf
Sinpi,::::^ 0 ! «H 55 « %
Rtadlng 2d pfd.... 600 67 66 ' • 66
Rock Island Co.... 3,400 2H4 20% 20%
PtL&bF2dpfd. 100 .4614 40% 45
St Louis S XV H4 I
St Ivouls S TV pfdJ 100 2SVJ 28ii 28
Southern Pacific. ..137. 600 4&% 45« 46 ',
Southern Hallway. 1,000 2\% 21 22
Southern lty pfd.. 800 85*4 84% 85^
Texas & Pacific... 1,200 21*4 21*. 21 V4
Toledo St L & W.. 300 23$ 23* 22
T St L &-W pfd.. 100 36Tl 36% 37
Lnion Pacific 40,700 S8% S6S, 87'A
t'nlori Pacific pfd.. 200 93 92U 92
200 ]6« 16 16
W abash pfd. 1,500 35Vi 34W m%
Wheeling & L E... 2W 14% u£ 14^
Wisconsin Central. 100 17 17 ie»i
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 200 37% 37H 37
Express Companies —
Adams .... 225
American .-.-. j/51
United States 103
Wells-Fargo 203
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper . 6S.500 60 49H 40^
Am Car A Foundry ¦ ifi»:
Am Car & F pfd... 100 70% 70% 70
Amer Cotton OH.. 100 25 25 24»4
Amer Cot Oil pfd SS'
American Ice 6%
American Ice pfd .. 100 2G% 2C% 20%
Amer .Linseed Oil 8
Amer Lin Oil pfd 24
Amer Locomotive 10%
Amer Loco pfd ... 400 83 82ft 82%
Amer Smelt & Ref. 1.500 54 53 V4 53H
Amer S and F pfd. l.SSV) &8% 98>4 »8U
Amer Sugar Ref... 5,400 127 126% 126%
Anaconda Min Co .. 200 7214 "2 72
Brooklyn Rap T 11, SCO 48% 48 48
Colorado F & Iron 100 30 30 20V4
Consolidated Gas .. 1 100 190 189 180 Vi
Corn Products 100 10% 10% 10«
Corn Products pfd ;. 6S%
Distillers' Secur l»%
General Electric .. 1.000 153% 161% 151 ,
International Paper 11
Inter Paper pfd % 66%
Inter Pump '..'. 30
Inter Pump pfd 70
National Lead 1.700 21%* 21% 21%'
North American .. 100 85 85 84
Pacific Mall 100 25V4 25V4 25
People's Gas 2,600 07% 07 07
Pressed Steel Car.. 300 27 ¦ 26T, 2«%
Prweed Steel C pfd 200 70 70 ti9%
Pullman Palace Car 212
Republic St«»el 200 6% 6% ««
I Repub Steel pfd 41%
I Rubber Goods 15%
Rubber Goods pfd 75«i
I Tenn Coal & Iron. 500 35 34% 34
U S Leather 6%
XT S Leather pfd.. \OO 70% 79% 79«i
U S Realty -400 6% 6 6U
U S Realty pfd .. 200 60 53% 59%
V S Rubber. 400 17 16% 10
V S Rubber pfd 65%
U S Steel 2.300 9% !Hi 9%
V S Pteel pfd 12.000 53 54% 54%
Westlnghouse Elec - 154,.
Western Union 87
Total rales 375.200 Fharea.
UNJTED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. June 15. — Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Francisco: $10,0U0
at 78%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
. SEATTLE. June 15.— Clearings, $735,892}
balances, $01,475.
TACOMA. June 16.— Clearings, $274,207;
balances. $10,290. ' '
PORTLAND. June 15.— Clearings. $524,74!;
balances. ?68,U4. .-• -
SPOKANE June 15. — Clearings, $305,507;
balances. $33,606.
Northern Business.
NEW YORK. June 15.— Tin had something
of a recovery to-day, with London quoting an
advance of £1 to £119 10s for spot and of
12s 6d to £118 17s 8d for futures, while the
local market* was quiet at $2« 2fl<tJ2« 45.
Copper advanced 106 to £56 2s ltd for spot
and 8s, 6d to £66 for futures In the London
market. Here copper Is steady. Lake is quoted
at 12 t"2H®12.75c; electrolytic and casting at
12.50S12.75c.
Lead was quiet and a little lower; spot 4.20®
<..'J0c for jobbing lots out of store. In London
lead declined In 3d to £11 7s 8d.
Spelter was unchanged at £21 15s In London
and at 4.75£H.S7Hr In the local market.
Iron closed at 51s 3d In Glasgow and at
42s 4Hd In Middlesboro. Locally Iron Is
unchanged. No. 1 foundry northern Is quo{ed
at $14 50@15; No 2 foundry northern, $14®
14 50; No. 1 foundry southern and No. 1
foundry southern soft. $13 25@13 75.
New York Metal Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
meeting with less export attention, but offer-
Ings are light and the feeling among holders Is
confident. Common are quoted at 4®5'/ic;
prime 5V4c: choice. e&'flHc: fancy. 7c.
PRUNES — Continue quiet and show little
feature. Quotations range from ;2%c to 7c,
according to grade. . .
APRICOTS — Are in moderate /emand and
firm.. Choice are quoted at 9K@10c; extra
choice, 10U@10&c; fancy, ll@lfic.
PEACHES— Are In light supply on spot and
are firmly held. Choice are quoted at 7@7%c;
extra choice, 7%@Sc: fancy, 0%@10c.
NEW YORK, June 15. — FLOUR— Receipt*,
11,800 barrels; exports, 33,500 barrels; showed
absence of buyers and was dull. V^
WHEAT — Receipts, 43,000 bushels; spot was
easy No. 2 red nominal elevator; No. 2 red,
$1 it»Va t o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
$1 03% f. o b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
nominal f . o. b. afloat. Up to midday wheat
acted ' dull and easier. Influenced by the bear
ish I weather news and lower cables. Later It
recovered on export rumors and for the bal
ance of the afternoon was firm - on moderate
covering of shorts, closing "4@%o net higher,
July closing at Oi'&c; September. 84%c; De
camber, 84Hc. ¦ - ' •
HOPS— Dull. .-¦¦¦- C:- '"
HIDES— Steady.
W0OL*-Steady. -
PETROLEUM— Quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; centrifugal, 06 test,
3 27-32c. Refined, - quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; mild, firm.
Futures closed steady and unchanged to 5
points lower: sales were reported of 33,000
bags, Including July, 5.75@5.85c; August,
6.90c; September, 6® 6. 05c! December, 6.30@
6.35c- March 6.55@«.65c; May, 6.80@6.85c. /
BUTTER— Easier; creamery, common to ex
tra 13@lSc; State dairy, common to extra,
13©17c.
CHEESE— Firm. "
EGGS — Weak; Western extra. 17%@18c;
firsts, l<S%$>17c.
DRIED FRUITS.
New York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA June . 15.— Wheat— Unchanged.
Bluestem, 81c; club. 71c. ¦ •;W" .-.'¦>
; OREGON.
PORTLAND, June 15. — Wheat— Walla
Walla. 69c; bluestem, 77c; valley, 78c.
Northern Wheat Market.
scriptlons in large supply.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale. rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follow:
BEEF — 6®7e for Steers and 5.36a per - lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6®7c: small, 7*s#9c V*r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. «%®7e; Ewes. 5', a ©ti^o
per lb. . ¦
LAMB— 7£Sc per lb
PORK— Dressed Hogs. BH©S«4c per lb.
, LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco. less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers I^SHi^c; Cows and Helf
ers. UVaTc: thin Cows 4fJ3c per lb.
CALVES — l®4^c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3U33Hc; Ewes. 2%»3o
per lb iktoss weight).
LAMBS— $2 23^3 50 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. HO to 20O lbs. 4»435c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4^c; ovett» 250 lbs, 4«.;c: soft
Hogs, nominal; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars.
CO per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent o.i from
above quotations.
- POTATOES— New White. $15002 per ctl;
Karly Rose. SI 50® 1 75 per ctl; old Oregon
Hurbanks, f 101 S5 per ctl: old river Burbanks,
00c®$l per ctl.' .
ONIONS — Australian Yellow. $4 25@4 50 per
ctl; new Red. 75®S5<r v per each; new Silver
skins. $1 20<gl 50 per etl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1 5OS2 25 per
rack; Asparagus, 4Vj@~c per 1b: Rhubarb. 63©
75c tier box; Green Peas, $2®2 25 per sack;
Garden Peas, 4c per lb; String and Wax Beans,
2%@4c per lb: Tomatoes, 50c®*l per box or
crcte for Los Angeles. $1 10^1 25 for Mexican
and $161 15 for Mississippi; Summer Squash,
75£?90c per box for southern and $1 5001 75 for
bay; 'Cabbage, $1 per ctl; Carrots, $1 25 per
sack; Cucumbers. Slftl 25 per box for Marys
ville and $2 23«2 50 for bay; Garlic. 5#
6c per lb; Egg Plant. 5®8c per lb: Dried Pep
pers, S@lOc for sun-dried and 12>£@13c per
lb for evaporated: Dried Okra. 12^@15c per lb:
Green Peppers from Los Angeles. 5®Sc per
lb; from. Sacramento. lO-glli^c: Marrowfat
Squash, jobbing, at l%@2c per lb.
points, the old crop positions leading In the
decline. « •-. \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, -JUNE- 16,, 1904.
The market continues weak, v*i th all <Je-
Meat Market.
ST. LOOI8, June 15.— Wool steady; medium
grade*, combing: and clothing. 18<3^3Kc; light,
fine. IBQISc; heavy, fine, 12@15c; tub washed,
21632c. ¦ ¦
6"/. Louis Wool Market.
NEW YORK, June 15. — Cotton future* closed
bar*ly steady* June. 11.10a; July, 11.20c; Au
gust, 10.90c: September, 10.03c; October, O.UTc-
November. 9.55c; December, 0.56c; January.
D.Clc.
Spot- cotton closed quiet. 30 points lower.
Middling uplands, 12.10c; middling > gulf
12.35c: sale*. 45 bale*.^^xZf!8ffX&@)0t0FSiiii
NEW YORK. Juno 15. — The cotton market
closed barely steady at a net loss of 20 to 52
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦¦» «. 2gg ¦uu^n.,-r L ru-u-,.r,.r,-,
I A barffain in 3«rieley real es- Zl
tate: al»o a limited amouat _of I]
first-clasi stock for salt that will ||
cay rood dividends. Some of |i
best business men Is city are f.
stockholders and directors. Call ij
and tret names. . PACTP1C COAST. H
TBUST CO.. 708 Market »W F|
Booms 604-8. ¦ HDANFORTH ESTATE. — The appraisers in
the guardianship of the estate of Dorothy Dan
fort h, minor daughter of Edward . P. Dun
forth, deceased, yesterday reported Its. valua
at SX8.051, the principal asset being 245 shares
In the Danf orth Warehouse Company. •
Pythian Drill at the Central.
A large theater party, composed "of
members of the Uniform ; Rank,
Knights of Pythias, will be the fea
ture of the evening at the Central
Theater to-night. About .200 ' mem
bers are expected to be present, in
cluding the drill corps that is ito con
test at Louisville. Ky., in August, .for
the national j prize given- for > the best
drill ,work done by local organiza
tions. During the intermission /be
tween two acts the - drill corps will
give an exhibition drill upon, the
stage. This will - consist V of '.sword
exercises and the other t features .of
the regular Pythian manual.
Murine Eye Remedy Cures Eyes.
Makes " "Weak . "Eyes ¦ strong. Doesn't
smart; soothes eye pain, _ .; * -p
The committee disqussed the alleged
violation of the law by Gray Bros, on
Telegraph Hill, but took no action.
The committee heard the protests of
property-owners against the proposed
acceptance of the roadway of Harri
son street, between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth, on the ground that it is
full of deDresslons. Action Was.post
poned so Assistant City Engineer
Morser may investigate and report on
the condition of the pavement.
The committee-'laid over for one
week the petition of Edward Maloney
for permission to explode blasts and to
operate a small rock crusher on
Seventeenth street, between Uranus
and Ashbury. Property-owners ap
peared and urged the granting of the
permit, claiming that it will improve
the district, for building. Mrs. Dr.
Merrltt opposed the petition. ¦
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday ordered certain street and
sewer work on Anderson street,
Seventh avenue South and Ninth ave
nue, between H and I streets.
Committee Hears the Petition ' for
. a Permit to Blast on Up
. per Terrace.
SUPERVISORS ORDER
STREET IMPROVEMENTS
ORDER OF SALE.— Judge Coffey yesterday
issued an order for the sale of several tracts
of lowlands in Alameda and Santa Clara coun-
Uhs belonging to the estate of Charles S
Ilealey, deceased. .
Fancy vests at cost See window. Tom
Dillon, hatter, opposite Palace. •
SANTA CRUZ. June 15.-?-The F. , A. Hlhn
Company has given to the Catholic church at
Capltola a lot at Bay and Capltola avenues,
upon which a new church is to be erected.
The board approved the map show
ing lands granted for the opening of
Butler avenue, from Peralta avenue
to Tomasa street, and Wall street,
from Holladay to Butler avenue.
Two protests against the bituminiz
ing of Clement street were placed on
file.
The board approved the map show
ing land given by the South San Fran
cisco Department to the city for the
opening of Fifth avenue South and
Tenth avenue South.
The Board of Works yesterday
served notice on the owner, of a one
story frame building on Montgomery
street, between Francisco and Chest
nut, to remove the same within fif
teen days. Officer Beach informed the
board that the" building was recently
leased for three'years as a. restaurant
and is»built entirely upon the street's
roadway. ,
The board awarded a contract for
the building of five additional rooms
to the Richmond School building to
the Dineen Building Company ; for
$18,000.
The board ordered certain street
work on I, Frederick, Bryant, West
Mission, De Haro and- other streets.
Board of Works Orders Owner to
Take Away Obstruction Designed
to Remain Three Years.
ML'ST REMOVE BUILDING
FROM MIDDLE OF STREET
The Supreme Court has granted a
new trial to John Dougherty, who was
convicted In the Superior Court of em
bezzling $78 from L. Bercovich. Bru
no Lewandowski, who held up and
robbed James Salto on Sacramento
street m February of last year, was
denied a new trial. He is sentenced to
seven years' imprisonment at San
Quentin.
Considers Criminal Cases.
The Supreme Court yesterday ad
mitted the following named applicants
to practice law in the courts of Cal
ifornia: J. J. Mazza, Francis Dunn.
A. M. Ellis. B. L. Cadwallader, G. H.
Lippman, Charles Rickabaugh, David
Cowden. F. L. de Freitas, George
Springmeyer, F. R. Estes. A P. Har
ris,' Frank Buren. H. E. Worstell, Wil
liam Weiser, G. V. Egran, A. R.
Thorpe, C. A. Home, Miss Amanda
Ebert, F. M. Rutherford, W. A. Toner.
C. A. Ruggles, Gilbert Battman, R. D.
Barrett, H. L. Rothchild, E. D. Ca
rothers, C. D. Waller, H. M. Payne
and W. G. Carpenter. Cadwallader
was secretary of the Police Commis
sion for several years.
Are Admitted to Bar.
• 6om< very swell .wedding Invitations come
from Edward 8. Knowles. 24 Second street. •
The jury in Judge Graham's depart
ment of the Superior Court, sitting in
the case of Frances Rock against
Walter Magee. was discharged last
night, the jurors haying "failed to
agree. Francis Rock sued Magee for
$5000 damages for .personal Injuries
alleged, to have been sustained June
30, 1903, when Magee's automobile
collided witlj a Sutter-street car.
Jury Fails to Affrec.
The Supreme Court granted an al
ternative writ of habeas corpus yes
terday in favor of W. B. Kennedy,
alias "Yellow," who is held on an in
dictment of the Grand Jury for com
plicity in the murder of Policeman
Eugene Robinson on January 21,
1902. The evidence against Kennedy
is weak by reason of legal technicali
ties. He has been released and im
mediately^ rearrested a dozen times.
The petition filed at the Supreme
Court scores the District Attorney for
his endeavors to hold the prisoner for
trial. The court will hear the case to
morrow afternoon.
Kennedy Gets Writ.
Without seeing theDiamorjd Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the most- beautiful jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine. •
To Visit San Francisco
Mary Lane has sued her husband,
David Lane, for divorce upon the
ground of cruelty, the cruelty consist
ing of the facts, as charged, that in
the six years they have been married
he has not taken her. out with him to
exceed a dozen times and hardly ever
speaks to her when In the house. She
says she is sensitive, refined and af
fectionate and craves her" husband's
affection. Judge Murasky restrained
Lane from 'disposing of his property
pending the trial of. the' case.
Complaints in divorce were filed by
Sallie Parkhurst. against' Bdgar C.
Parkhurst for desertion; Llllle Lam
erax against Walter Lafnerax for neg
lect and desertion: Robert J. H. Dews
bury against Prlcllla Dewsbury. for de
sertion. - . , >
Judge Graham yesterday ordered
Edward S. Sproat to pay his wife,
Mamie Sproat, $50 for attorney's fees
and $25 a month alimony pending the
trial of his suit against her for- di
vorce on the grounds of desertion.
Judge Sioss yesterday ordered John
J. Mulcahy to pay his divorced wife,
Margaret V. Mulcahy, $35 a month
alimony and to give her the custody of
their 17-months* old child. The
father is to have the child on Sundays,
returning it to the mother in the
evening of the same day.
JIRS. LA>'E IS SENSITIVE.
Papers in the divorce case of John
Stobener against Delia Stobener, trans
ferred from' the courts of San Mateo
and Santa Clara' counties successively,
were filed in the Superior Court yes
terday. Stobener Is and has been for
twelve years superintendent of the
Home of Peace Cemetery, near Col
ma, San Mateo County. He alleges that
his wife treated him cruelly; that she
has an ungovernable temper, and to
annoy him she abused and insulted
the patrons and visitors of the cem
etery. Once, he says, she threatened
to kill him and before his departure
for "Germany on a vacation trip she is
said to have knelt upon the floor-and
with uplifted hands called upon God
to curse him wherever he might go.
He avers that she trained their four
children to treat him with contempt
In her answer Mrs. Stobener denies
all of his charges and brings counter
charges of extreme cruelty, intemper
ance and failure to provide. She
wants the case tried in San Francisco
because most of the witnesses on her
side reside In this county.
t Divorces were granted yesterday Jby
Judge Kerrigan to Madeline M. Bush
from Joseph B. Bush on the ground
of desertion and by Judge Seawell to
Lucile L. Butchart from William E.
Butchart on the same ground. • .
Mrs. Tyler, the corespondent, is the
postmistress at Mill Valley. She is
a widow with three children.
STOBEXEIVS CHARGES.
John Robinson Wood, paying teller
in the Crocker-Woo lworth Bank, was
yesterday sued for divorce by his wife,
Ada Matthews Wood, who alleges that
he is guilty of infidelity. Louise C.
Tyler is named by Mrs. Wood a3 co
respondent and in the complaint it is
declared that the offense of which the
wife complains occurred September
28, 1903, in rooms 110 and 111 of the
Commercial Hotel on Kearny street
and Montgomery avenue. Mrs. Wood
specifies subsequent dates and avers
that her husband is now living with
the woman.
. Judge Graham issued an injunction
restraining Wood from disposing of
his property and cited him to show
cause on June 24 why he should not
pay his wife $300 attorney's fees and
$150 a month alimony pending the
hearing of her suit.
In the complaint Mrs. Wood de
clares that they were married seven
years ago. Her husband is in receipt
of a large salary and is, she says, pos
sessed of much means. He owns real
estate and a two-story home in Mill
Valley, Marin County.
Mrs. Wood has not lived with him
since she discovered the alleged acts
of infidelity and declares that she is
without means of her own or personal
property, excepting furniture and
wardrobe, valued at about $300. C.
R. Durbrow is her attorney.
WIFE OF TELLER
WANTS DIVORCE
The hosts of friends of Miss Freda
Gallick, the well-known prima donna,
will be pleased to hear that she has
consented to play a special engage
ment, at Fischer's Theater on next
Monday night in "The Mormons," a
very funny burlesque, that will be seen
here for the first time. Miss Gallick
has just returned from the East,
where she has been playing the prin
cipal roles in all of the Weber &
Fields 1 - burlesques. She will go back
in the fall to accept an offer to star
under the direction of a leading New
York manager. Miss Gallick is • said
to possess a superb voice and she is
considered one of the best actresses on
the American stage. Dorothy Morton
comes here after the run of "The Mor
mons," to be the prima donna at
.Fischer's. ;• - . •- * - . . . :.-..•
Miss Freda. Gallick, Famous
in East, Will Appear
, on Monday.
CLEVER SINGER FROM NEW .
YOnK WHO WILL. FILL. SPECIAL
ENGAGEMENT HERE. . •/ .
Ex-Mayor Snow of Oakland still
lies at the Waldeck Sanitarium in a
critical condition as a result of the
v/ounds Inflicted by Adolph Goldman
in a Post-street hotel on Monday
night. The attending physicians say
that Snow will recover if bipod pois
oning does not set in. Goldman is
still confined in the City Prison and
appears to have regained his self
control.
It is the opinion of the medical men
that it will be one week at least before
the wounded man can be declared out
of danger.
In the meantime Snow is resting
easily. His daughter is a constant
watcher at his bedside.
Goldman appears to realize the se
rious predicament in which he is
placed. His emotional feelings seem
to have deserted him and gloom has
settled upon the unfortunate man.
Several friends visited him yesterday
in his cell at the City Prison, but their
presence did not have any effect on
the accused man. His hearing will
come up in the Police Court on Sat
urday.
Ex-Mayor Has a Good Chance
' to Survive Injuries.
If Blood Poisoning Does Not Set In
The Ballinger boy is heartbroken
over the affair and declares that he
did not mean to hit his playmate.
The police were notified yesterday
that Jordan Ballinger, a boy 5 years of
age living with his parents at 1058
McAllister street, had thrown a brick
at John McCook, of similar age, living
with his parents at 1046 McAllister
street, on Tuesdaj' afternoon, fractur
ing McCook's skull.
Detective Coleman was detailed to
investigate and he* learned that the
McCook boy was standing in the yard
;:.nd Ballinger was on a porch about
twenty-five feet from the ground.
There was a pile of bricks on the
porch and Ballinger began to throw
them into the yard. One of them
struck McCook on the head and he
was found unconscious by his mother.
He was pent to the Clara Barton Hos
pital, where an operation was per
formed on his fractured skull, and the
physicians hold out hopes for his re
covery.
Jordan Ballihser Throws Bricks From
a Porch and One Strikes John
McCook on the Head.
SMALL BOY FRACTURES
HIS PLAYMATE'S SKULL
SXOW WILL PROBABLY
RECOVER FROM WOUNDS
Items that may be vetoed altogether
include $1475 for paying premiums on
bonds of the Auditor, Treasurer, Sher
iff, Tax Collector and County Clerk on
the ground that no discrimination
should be made infhe matter; $6000 for
Assessor's additional clerks; $6000 for
five extra deputies in the Recorder's
office; $1800 for telephone operators in
the City Hall; $1000 for purchase of law
books for municipal offices on the
ground that the money has heretofore
been taken from the urgent necessity
fund; $7500 for a convenience station;
$7500 for new elevator, and $7400 for
special appropriation for new. furniture
in offices of Recorder, Supervisors, As
sessor, County Clerk and Law, Library;
tinting and painting Recorder's and
Assessor's offices, $1550.
MAY BE VETOED.
A municipal tax rate of $1 03 would
be the lowest since the charter went
into effect. In 1901 it was $1.0762; in
1902, $1.2262, including the special levy
for schools and hospital of 15 . cents,
since declared illegal by the Supreme
Court, and in lf-03, $1,076.
In order to effect a reduction in the
city tax rate of 4 cents, exclusive of the
13.53 cents for bonds, it will be neces
sary for the Mayor to veto appropria
tions aggregating $200,000. The follow
ing are among the items upon which
the Mayor may use the pruning knife:
For expenses connected with the ac
quirement of public utilities, reduced
from $5000 to $2500; on the ground that
the work before the committee does not
warrant the higher outlay; stenogra
pher, $1200; for lighting the public
streets reduced from $320,000 to $275,000
in accordance with his veto of last
year; for auxiliary water supply sys
tem cut from $150,000 to $75,000; for ex
penses of Finance Committee for ex
perting municipal accounts from $10,
000 to $2500.
The Mayor is somewhat undecided as
to the propriety of cutting out the ap
propriation of $628,336 for the bond is
sue for improvements on the ground
that the validity of the issue is still
undecided. Should he do so, and his
veto is sustained by four Supervisors,
it will result in a further cut of 13.53
cents in the tax rate, thus making the
levy $1 03 instead of $1.2053, a decrease
of 17.53 cents.
LOWEST TAX RATE.
In making his recommendations for
the elimination of specific appropria
tions and the reduction of others
deemed by him as ill-advised and un
necessary, the Mayor says he has been
guided entirely by a desire to reduce
the city tax rate of, $1.2053 which the
expenditures provided for by the Su
pervisors necessarily entails. He is
of the opinion that at least 4 cents can
be cut from the levy for municipal ex
penses.
Mayor Schmitz- has practically com
pleted his proposed vetoes of certain
items in the municipal budget recently
passed by the Board of Supervisors and
will transmit his message on the sub
ject to the board either to-day or to
morrow.
"When the old Spaniard died George
Urioste filed the first will and applied
for letters of administration, but . the
will was rejected by the court when it
was discovered tliat a later one was in
existence. It was then that George de
Urioste is said to have written to Mrs.
Cristobal, suggesting to her that he ap
pear as her personal representative
here in the 1 settlement of the estate,
of which she was to receive a quarter.
Recalling her father's friendship for the
Uriostes, she consented, notwithstand
ing that a legal representative had been
engaged to further the Interests of her
mother abd herself In the probating of
the will. A few weeks ago, after- the
will had been probated and the estate
ordered sold in order to facilitate the
distribution, if is claimed that George
de Urioste notified Mrs. Cristobal in
Barcelona that his fee for services
would be $15,000, of which $5000 was to
go to Lawyer Paige for legal work.
Failing to refedily appreciate the
value of the services claimed to have
been rendered by De Urioste. especially
in view of the fact that other attor
neys were claiming fees for the same
services, Miguel Cristobal, after con
ferring with his attorneys In Spain,
hurriedly crossed the Atlantic and this
continent to this city to look Into the
matter personally. When he arrived
here the property had been sold,' and he
found the court preparing to con'flrm
the sale and award the claims of the
various attorneys concerned in the dis
tribution of the estate, which is valued
at $738,500. While not particularly anx
ious to discuss the purpose of his hur
ried visit to this city, Cristobal re
luctantly admitted yesterday that he
had so far failed to find adequate rea
sons why the old friend of his father
in-law, George de Urioste. had made
such a high demand for services, but he
added that possibly the matter may be
adjusted after he and Urioste have had
a better understanding with each other.
Miguel Cristobal of Barcelona, Spain,
son-in-law of the late Jose Guardlola,
whose estate was sold in this city last
week at public auction, has arrived
here with a view of looking into the
sale. He is at the Palace Hotel, and
admitted yesterday that he will not
permit a confirmation of the probate
sale of last Thursday if he is able to
satisfy his opinion that the properties
disposed of should have brought a
higher figure. Another purpose of Cris
tobal's visit to San Francisco is in con
nection with a fee of $15,000 demanded
by George de Urioste, local Consul Gen
eral for the Argentine republic, for ser
vices alleged to have been rendered in
the settlement of the Guardiola estate.
When Jose Guardiola arrived here
from Guatemala fourteen years ago he
made a will, . in which the brother of
George de Urioste, who was a great
friend of Guardiola, was named as a
beneficiary. Later, however, Guardiola
executed another will. in Spain making
his wife and daughter, who is now the
-wife of Miguel Cristobal, his chief lega
tees.
Action, if Sustained, Will
Slice Off . Nearly Eigh
teen Cents From City Levy
>¦'-.'-..- ¦ ¦¦.-.. '. «i
Miguel Cristobal Is Here
From Barcelona to Oppose
Big Fee Asked .by Urioste
MANY ITEMS UNDER BAN
OBJECT TO THE PRICES
Will Eecomnieiid Reduction
in Some Appropriations,
and Others He Will Veto
Among the Beneficiaries
Sale of * Guardiola Estate
Provokes Dissatisfaction
SPANISH HEIRS
ARE DISPLEASED
MAYOR PLANS
LOW TAX RATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL", THURSDAY, JUNE 16. 1901.
CLEVER PRIMA
DONNA TO SING
AT FISCHER'S
16
.BALE'S. J r MJTS.
White Waists: Low Prices
Hale's Will Sell Them at. To-Day.
* And when you see how pretty they are, how dainty and
neatly-trimmed and worked, you will not wqndef we ask you to
come as quickly as you can. An extra waist or two is always
handy for summer. Even if you have a full supply now it will
pay you to come and see these to-day.
At 65c — Waists of lawn, with tuck- At 95c — Beautiful lawn waists,
ed fronts; embroidered pleats; with tucked yoke trl ™£ e<^ th .
fine and full. As pretty a, you S^^lce.^ome^f Mem
would expect to pay at least nave embroidered fronts; 05c.
75c for. At $i 25 are a good many pretty
At 75c-White lawn waists, with Sed^' and^em^roide^edV 80^!
tucked backs and torchon inser- see these with that pretty Mex-
tion set in 'between large tucks • ican drawn work in wheels,
in the front; tab collar; 75c. They're $1.25. too.
And other waists in endless variety in lawn and linen.
Women have told" us right along that we had greater variety than they
could choose from elsewhere, and the best values. It's better now than it
has been before. But come to-day. You are always welcome, whether to look
or to buy. . - . t ¦ , . . ' .
600 Yards Bleached Now Refrigerators
Damask at 45C „,, < Downstairs.)
We wish we had twice as Vh . at f f mil >' docsn t want
much, for there will be twice ? ne ./ or , the summer? What
as many women want it when {f ""^ doesn \ w * nt * h< ; J**
they learn it's fi6 in. wide; pretty pat- best they can buy? What fam-
terns and good variety; a weave that jjy wcm 't be glad to get that
will wear splendidly. But think of It . J ¦ , *o ,.,7, *> .
at 45c a yard! You can't afford to best at less than they expected
think too "long. Not a bit of quality trt __ v . lJ- r# »'c
has been sacrificed, though the prices tu V A J • ncics
are down to-day. One at £12 2.S
65c Damask at 55c. It's bleached. WIIC dl
. '72 in. wide; firm, heavy quality. Perfectly Sanitary.
$1.50 Napkins at $1.30 a dozen; T . J . . J .
bleached damask; 21x22 in.; * It s a revelation in service
firm, close weave. ability, in economy of the first
Kid Gloves 69c cost. There is greater economy
{A full dollar's worth of quality) in the comforts it will give you
Lambskins: dressy, sturdy and the .food it will save you
ones. ' this summer.
Many women know them as "'¦ *£e oumey. "kin* : . or ' "««-
-,-,, ,"' r , . , , erators. You can t get better at any
rlorodoras, of which we have price. It's white enameled inside,
sold so manv- thniisanHs nf tne shelves, lea tank and all laalda
SOia SO many tnousanas Ol parta „, detachable, bo you can clean
pairs. We thought we were It perfectly. It's moved easily, too,
beating the record when we But be S r£s the°main a point: "f^packed
had them at 80c. We certainly are with mineral wool. That's what keepa
now at 69c. They" are not odd sizes the cold in and the warm out better
nor off shades, but a complete offer- than anything else. It has a water
ing. even to the guarantee against faucet and a water tank,
imperfections. If they are not thor- - There are others up to J26.00. many
oughly right and perfect we will glad- of them porcelain lined. Let us show
ly refund your money or give you them to you -downstairs.
another pair the same as If you paid —
us all their worth. £gjj Ladyship Corsct bring
Toothpicks 4c . you corset freedom.
For a big box
They're wooden toothpicks. Even &k±f&-dffl ..., *M?
restaurant and hotel keepers will find Not
It economical to buy at Hale's to-day. /Mr M¥ J3S&J&/ S^A fgtfg --i^ggr
-' If you are going camping don't for- jQGw -*"5>^~---__ "*"*^ -^&**B*
get to take a box along. So many >=* — «s*L^©«i tUt+mA^^
people do. 4c box. .~ T.".g^^
ADVEETISEMENT3.
oecooeeooeoeoeeseo&eoeeoeeeeoo^GGSweeesGwQdGo:
$ . *:
o ===== o
I Great Clearance i
• . • ¦ o
O df% A W TTTL / S
j • r^ . W ! . Kj" ';'{ ¦ 0
o # e \3JHaiLjM2* © © S
| Tailor Suits Sacrificed I
• Sold less now than 1-2 of wholesale price, at* q
I $4,95, Sg.45, SjT.95, Sg.95 * $||.45 j
1 Children's Jackets j
J SACRIFICED now at, •
I 75fi 95fi $1.25, $'1.65 "iiO.45. i
j LadiesVSlk Coats j
j| 8J.95, $7-45, Sg.95 ;- Sg.45 j
I GREAT SKIRT SALE STILL ON I
8 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. |
ooeo»eeooa*eos»e»e»e«*oeeea«a»eee«ea»»««eeeoS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BORAXOLOGY
Anybody can be a Boraxologist— just
buy a package of BORAX^ • And it's a
significant fact that there are no backslid-
ers among the Borax converts* Once
a, Boraxologist. always a Boraxologist*
A person who has taken a Borax
bath doesn't need any further preaching;
the housekeeper who has once used
Borax in the laundry or kitchen doesn't
have to be told again about its value as a
cleanser. Add a little BORAX to the
jvaterr-r^oufll be astonished to see how
much easier N arid cleaner you can wash
thiiigs; But.be sure you get pure Borax.
||||§|^
Atieyery drugjand grocery store in J4 7 J^
and * J -Ib. packages.
Tte famous "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES FREE to purchasers of
"20-MuIe-Team Borax/' At stores or sent for BOX TOP and 4c /a stamps.
Pacific Coast Borax Co., New York, Chicago, San Francisco.
'Cv: v\ ' ••'. Twenty Male" Team— Otjr.Trado Mark. '
nm^H ¦ fl J J fl 1
I - jSiJwH 111 9 JF^r* JRms i
39 STOCKTON STREET.
Telephone Main 3522.
W( attribute the marked popularity of
our weekly sales to the fact that experi-
ence has taught good housekeepers that It's
not extravagance to buy the best. It's
economy and we have only the best.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY md SATURDAY
Specials
CREAMERY BUTTER . . .per squara 32*/ 2 c
Keg. 33c. The customary good quality.
MINNESOTA RANCH EGGS.psr doz. 22*/ 2 c c
Pint consignment received per express
ROYAL BAKING POWDER. . .Mb. can 35c
Reg. 45c. The name guarantees the
quality.
KOHA COFFEE par Ib. 20c
Res. 23c. The choicest product of Ha-
waii. •'
SCOTCH FIN NAM HADDIE : . . per tin 20c
Re*. 23c. A flah delicacy for lunch.
FRENCH SARDINES 2 tins for 25c
Res. 15c each. Bezier'i, prepared In pure
olive oil.
SNIDER'S CATSUP... per pint hot. 20c
Reg;. 23c. Pure, that's sure.
Eraporafed Peeled Peachss 2 lbs. for 25c
Reg*. 3 for 50c Quantity limited.
GERMEA. :..;.,....... per pkg, 20c
Rejr 23c. Cooks Jn three minutes.
CORN STARCH 4 pkgs. for 25c
Reg. 3 for 23c. Archer's best quality.
OK BOURBON WHISKY.... per boi. 75c
Gallon. «3.OO.
Three bottles for $2. ¦ Regr. $1 and $4.
ASTOR RYE WHISKY par bof. 90c
Reg. 11.23. Spring;, 1S9O.
SWEET WINES, .per hot. 25c. gal. $1.00.
Regr. 35c and $1.50. Port. Sherry. An-
gelica, Muscatel.
WHITE LABEL PORTER... par doz. J1.B5 4
Reg;. $2.23. Guinness' celebrated stout.
ROCK AND RYE... .per bd. 50c
Reg. 75c." Made "from selected Rock
Candy and Maryland Rye.
shEEt
MUSIC
All the popular songs,
the very latest* musi-
cal hits, complete
opera scores at» very
reasonable prices : : :
Open Saturday Sight Till 10
Benj. ClirtaZ &Son,
Chickering Agency . » 1
16 O'FarreH St., S. R
Pianos, Musical Instruments
Tired babies become rested
babies when fed on Mellin's
Food. Mellin's Food nour-
ishes.
You win be glad that ypu »ent for a »a=iple
of Mellin's Food when you see ho-v eagerly
baby takes U. -: ;, >
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
Weekly Call $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS. » &
Fine All- Wool Gray and Tan Real
Homespun Cheviots
$ 1 4.00 Summer Suits
, For This Week Only
Ask to see Lots 9,069 and 9,070, Fine
chance to wear the smartest of suits and see
what you save* They are built with the
latest Concave Shoulder, Elongated Lapsl and
Snug Fitting Collar*
The Best Ever
MIIIjIj TO 1&JL.2S'
51frSK MARKET $ln$$Sfom