Alcazar — "Koran' Lui." Matl
n«« To-Day.
California — "A Prince of tUn."
Matinee To-Day.
Central — "Ughta o' London."
Columbia — "The Proud Prnice."
Cnutas— VaudeviUs.
Piicher's — "The Mormons."
Grand— -"On Barry."
Orpheum — "Vaudeville* Matinee
To-Day. .
Tlvoll— "Bobin Hood."
TKB T3ECAT2TS3.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI-NO. 23.
THE WSATHS&.
forecast made at San Fran
cisco for tnlxty Hours eadinr
at mldnifflit, June 23:
San Prancisco and vicinity —
Tair Thursday; fresh sooth
winds, chanrlnr to brisk west
erly. A. O. SScASXS,
District JTorecaster.
SAN FRANCISCO,: THURSDAY, -JUNE 23, 1904.
REPUBLICAN CONVENTION GIVES UNQUALIFIED
INDORSEMENT TO THE POLICY OF ROOSEVELT
would be unwise. No resolution cover
ing the point was presented , by any
member of the committee and there
was no other mention of the subject.
"We have extended widely our foreign. markets and we believe in the adoption of all prac
tical methods for their future extension, including * commercial reciprocity zvhereyer reciprocal
arrangements can be effected consistent tvith the principles of '.protection arid without injury Jo
American agriculture, American labor or any; American industry. ¦ ¦¦•¦' — <* "
"We cordially approve the attitude • of : President Roosevelt arid Congress in regard to the
exclusion of Chinese labor and promise a. continuance of the 'Republican policy in that direction.
"We have passed laws which will bring the arid lands of Hhe United States.within the
area of cultivation. \ .^ < .Y .
"The possession of^a route, for an \ isthmian- canal, I sty \ long the dream of A merican states
manship, is now an accomplish ed fact. The great work, of connecting the Pacific and Atlantic
oceans by a canal is at last begun, and is :due' to the iRepublica hfparty. ' /_¦
"Our great interests and our growing commerce in 1 the :Qrient, render the. condition of
China of. high importance to the United States. We cordially commend the policy pursue^ in
that direction by the administrations \oj^President McKinley. and President Roosevelt.
"We favor legislation .zvhich f willlencoumg American merchant ma
rine,- and tuu- cordially approve the legislation' of . the last'Congrtss, which created the Merchant
Marine Commission to investigate and < report > upon^t hist subject." ' > ; ii&jj j&'j v^j -ii'Veil .:
Party Pledges of Vital Interest to California.
CHICAGO, June 22.— The plank of
the Republican platform relating to
Southern representation in Congress
and the electoral college has attracted
the greatest interest among House men
here. , Zt Is regarded as a most impor-
tion Is Center of Interest.
;»Iank Concerning South'* Representa-
LEADERS PRAISE PLATFORM.
CHICAGO, June 22.— During ¦ the
meeting of the committee on plat
form Senator Gallinger. presented and
had read a communication from Mrs.
Lillian N.- Stevens of Evanston, 111.,
on behalf- of -the Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union, urging the
incorporation of an anti-polygamy
plank in the platform ; but the
subject received no attention, be
yond a remark j or two to . the effect
that the insertion of such a provision
Resolutions . Committee Gives the Sub
ject Xo Consideration.
POLYGAMY NOT AX ISSUE.
pace by making it a free-for-all event,
each State will bring forth its aspirant
without hesitation...
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, June 22.— The six dele
gates from Arizona are telling all of
the United States Senators and Con
gressmen. attending the Republican
convention that it would be a mistake
to yoke' Arizona and New Mexico in a
Statehood bill. The delegates claim
that Arizona should be given State
hood irrespective \ of the other Terri
tory, and that the people of Arizona
would refuse to ratify the action of
Congress iif the two Territories were
merged into one State. /
3 ~ The delegation is headed by Governor
'Alexander V. Brodle, who was lieuten
ant; colonel in: the regiment of Rough
Riders. ,
CHICAGO, June 22.— Entries in the
Vice Presidential race are being
scratched with great rapidity since the
withdrawal of Representative Hitt,
which was announced * to-day. Col
orado, Nebraska, Wisconsin and Mis
souri have practically decided not to
place their favorite sons in nomina
tion. Positive announcements to this
effect, however, have not been made.
The course pursued when the roll of
States Is being called for nominations
will govern.
The Missouri delegation \ to-night
seems least inclined to abandon inten
tion to place Walbrldge in nomination.
A meeting of the delegation was called
for the purpose of caucusing on the
question. It was postponed until to
morrow morning and the opinion was
expressed that no other nomination
than that of Senator Fairbanks would
be made.
However, should Colorado set the
Special Dispatch to The Call,
.VENERABLE STATESMAN WHO
WIELDED GAVEL. AS PERMA
NENT CHAIRMAN.
Fairbanks' Rivals
Withdraw From
the Race.
Joint Statehood Is
Opposed by.
Arizona.
Governor Murphy of New Jersey
said: "The plank relating to Southern
representation in Congress should cause
no sensation, although perhaps It Is a
departure in Republican platforms. On
the whole, it Is good doctrine. If the
white men of the South see fit to dis
franchise the colored voter, and this
can be completely proved on Congres
sional investigation, there can be no
injustice in demanding that the South's
representation In national affairs be
based on the actual vote cast. It Is
simply .a matter of the constitution
and seeing that the constitution Is en
forced. The tariff plank In the plat
form fs also very satisfactory and is a
compromise, with a 'stand pat' lean-
Ing."
Governor' Odell of New York said:
"The tariff plank of the national plat
form could have been a little stronger
on-the revision side without any in
jury to. protection interests. On the
whole, however. I think the plank will
be found? satisfactory to all good Re
publicans.'. The Southern representa
tion plank- simply means an enforce
ment of the fourteenth. amendment to
the constitution."
In, regard to the Southern representa
tion plank Senator McComas of Mary
land said:
"It is a departure from the average
Republican platform In this respect, but
it seems to be perfectly right. It looks
like a threat; but why not, if any such
unjust -condition as disfranchlsement
exists? There is no fairness In basing
representation in Congress or the elec
toral college on a vote that never
votes."
"Perfectly satisfactory," said Repre
sentative Dalzell of Pennsylvania, the
"high priest of high protection," in
speaking of the tariff plank. "There
ought to.be no doubt that it- means
what It says, and it needs no Interpre
tation."
"That's" a good enough 'stand pat'
tariff plank for me." said Representa
tive Grosvenor of Ohio. "I like that
part of the platform relating to South
ern representation In Congress, because
it means simply an enforcement of the
fourteenth amendment to the constitu
tion — no more and no less."
Senator Dryden of New Jersey was
particularly well pleased with the tariff
plank.
"It Is satisfactory to the protection
ists of the Republican party," said he,
"and all Republicans are protection
ists."
•' one of the greatest importance, and
to my mind it seems that the Republi
can party is pledged to a Congressional
investigation of the Southern franchise,
and if the conditions are found such as
are reoorted from time to time there
can be no injustice in basing repre
sentation of the South in Congress and
in the Electroal College on the actual
vote cast. We Republicans in the South
believe that this question should have
been settled long ago, and I know that
in my State. Arkansas, this plank will
have a good effect."
Powell Clayton, Embassador to Mex
ico, dwelt at some length upon the
plank bearing on the Southern vote,
because he has given to this question a
great deal of study.
"I consider, that plank," said Clayton,
"That's a very good tariff plank."
said Senator Allison, "now that it is
changed apparently to the satisfaction
of all concerned."
Senator Fairbanks, who will be nomi
nated for Vice . President to-morrow,
expressed himself as extremely pleased
with the platform, but did not want to
be quoted. He said every feature was
satisfactory, especially that relating to
the tariff.
tant announcement — perhaps the most
Interesting plank in the entire 'plat
form. Manv persons, take the ground
that it means a Congreesional investi
gation of the franchise in the South,
whether it results in legislation or not.
Party Pledged to
Exclusion of
Chinese.
CIIIXESE EXCLUSION' PLANTS.
The full significance of pledges for
the continuance of the provisions of
the Chinese exclusion act and for the
furtherance of all legitimate efforts to
obtain for American citizens abroad,
without discrimination, the rights of
sojourn and travel, was not appre
ciated when read to the convention.
Visitors were not so early about the
convention hall to-day, but when Root
called the convention to order shortly
after noon the Coliseum presented a
more Inspiring appearance than on the
preceding day. The galleries were for
the first time crowded and a large
number rf ladies present was especial
ly noticeable.
Tlr? greatest demonstration as the
delegations were entering the hall was
that which greeted Senator Fairbanks.
vrho hart become known as the natural
choice for second place on the ticket.
It exceeded in enthusiasm the ovation
ol the first day.
The announcement of the permanent
organization for the convention start
ed the continuous demonstration which
followed ithe introduction of Sneaker
Cannon fls permanent chairman.
In addition to the tariff plank and
other features which always have had
a prominent position in Republican
platforms there were incorporated sev
eral clauses of striking Interest. One
of these is a plank looking to the re
duction of the representation of certain
Southern States in the Electoral Col
lege and in Congress. It is built 'upon
what Is known as the "Payne resolu
tion," offered eight years ago, and the
Quay resolution, offered four years ago,
hut roes further than either. The plank
directs an Investigation to ascertain
•whether there have been unconstitu
tional dlsfranchisements of voters In
cny State, and if so demands a reduc
tion of the representation of such
States in Congress, with the conse
quent reduction In the Electoral "College
and In national conventions.
The report of the committee on cre
dentials interested the convention only
!»o far as it dealt with the Wisconsin
situation. /
One of the remarkable features con
cerning the adoption of the platform
•was the fact that It has been the sub
ject of administrative scrutiny and na
tional Interest for many weeks, and
•was accepted without a dissenting
vote. i
The party enthusiasm aroused by the
hearty reception given "Uncle Joe"
Cannon, as he is known from coast to
coast, spread even to the routine busi
ness and culminated in a contest over
the number of delegates to which Ha
waii was entitled. The conflict was the
first and doubtless will be the last on
the floor of the convention.
The second day of the convention
might have been the close bad It been
the desire of the assembled delegates.
Early in the day a movement was in
stituted to proceed with the nomina
tions, but the original programme,
¦which was prepared to extend over
three days, prevailed, and the standard,
bearers fox the l?04 Republican cam
paign will be named formally to-mor
row.
From ih*> standpoint of political im-
I'tirtan^e th*> adoption of the platform
was the pvent of the day. It contained
•declarations of party policy that are to
form the basis of much of the oratory
in the coming campaign. But the per
manent chairman's personality almost
overshadowed the platform.
READY VOll NOMINATIONS.
CHICAGO, June 22.— Because Speak
er Joseph G. Cannon was the central
llgure the proceedings of the Republi
can National Convention took on a pic
turesquenesfs and demonstrativeness
which yesterday was looked for in vain.
From the moment he was escorted to
the platform to wield the gavel as the
permanent chairman the entire atmos
phere of the convention changed. En
thusiasm, which had lain dormant,
burst forth and the applause rang true
and hearty. He made a speech, and the
audience cheered whether he spoke Joc
ularly or in a perious vein. He was the
rnterta4ner; in fact, he was the con
vention.
Hints at Reduction
of Their Repre
sentation.
One Plank Aimed
at States of
• South;)Vi
Takes Up Cause
of the Colored
V \J bCl O*
PLATFORM
HAS NEW
FEATURES
Continued on Pace 4, Column 1*
* CHICAGO, June 22. — Further to
stimulate party enthusiasm," a political
mass meeting. was held. in the Audi
torium .to-night, which was addressed
by Senator Depew and other well
known Republican . orators, » who
sounded , the keynote ; of the coming
campaign with what they regarded as
the strong planks in the platform
adopted to-day. » . ¦ ,, '
- Long before the meeting began the
theater was surrounded by, tremendous
crowds waiting for admission and be
fore the first speech was concluded a
force of police was necessary to pre
vent the Auditorium becoming over-
Depew and Other Orators Address on
. Immense Throng."
MASS MEETING AT NIGHT.
Prior to receiving the chairmanship
of • the committee Cortelyou desired to
mind the proprieties of his present po
sitioh, and when asked for a statement
or Interview shook his head, smiled
amiably and replied: I
"I have come to Chicago on the invi
tation of several gentlemen with whom
L desire to discuss business affairs."
This was all the next chairman of the
next national committee would aay. He
appeared to be in fine health and ex
cellent spirits. His friends declared
that he was prepared • to " direct the
Roosevelt campaign,- and asserted that
they had no doubt that he would prove
his merit In this position as he has in
other places of responsibility.
Cortelyou later In the evening met
Vice Chairman Henry C. Payne of the
national committee. Senator Depew,
Mr. Root,' Graeme Stewart, Frank Low
den, H. H.; Kohlsaat, Harry C. New,
Elmer Dover and others. Plans for the
campaign were discussed. These plane
will not be ' fully formulated until the
new. committee' has organized and set
tled, to work. It will assemble for the
first time immediately after the con
vention adjourns to-morrow.
Cortelyou will be chosen chairman,
not only .without opposition, but with a
cheer and with numerous wishes for his
complete success. Elmer Dover will be
selected secretary of the committee.
There will be campaign headquarters
in New York and Chicago. Cortelyou
will have hla headquarters in New
York. Harry C. New, national commit
teeman from Indiana, will be In Chi
cago, to render his personal assistance
to the new chairman so far as the -West
is , concerned. Doyer/ will also be in
Chicago nearly all of the time. "
The secretary ' of the Eastern • office
will-be Louis A. Coolldge, a Washing
ton, newspaper . ¦ . correspondent, • but
formerly of Boston.. Coolidge's experi
ence In the national capital and his
wide acquaintance among public men
are said. to make him a valuable aid.
Cortelyou . will be In Chicago on this
visit for two or three days. After the
meeting. of the national committee he
will confer with the big Republicans In
town as to the opening of the Roose
velt. and . Fairbanks campaign.^ It is
understood that both- the New York
and Chicago headquarters .will be open
within a month.
CHICAGO, June 22.— George B. Cor
telyou, Secretary of Commerce and'La
bor, who will be chosen chairman of
the Republican National Committee,
arrived in Chicago early this evening
and became the central . figure of the
convention crowd. He is a guest at .the
Chicago Club, where he met and con
ferred with Elihu Root, Senator Lodge,
Cornelius N. Bliss and other Repub
lican.leaders. __ ._-.?.—
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cortelyou Arrives
to Head New
Committee.
Fairbanks expressed his appreciation
of the action of the delegations, and. as
each "member was presented, added a
few enthusiastic words. With Governor
Pardee he talked quietly for some min
utes. The interview terminated with a
laugh that proved that the Governor
had successfully launched one of hia
California Jokes.
- During the afternoon a number of
the delegates, headed by Ruef of San
Francisco, called upon Mrs. Fairbanks.
They were graciously received and
After the adjournment of the conven
tion this afternoon the delegations oi
California, Nevada, Oregon. Washing
ton. Arizona, Alaska. Hawaii and the
Philippines called in a body upon Sen
ator Fairbanks at the Indiana head
quarters." Chairman McKinley of the
California delegation, addressing Fair
banks.'said the delegations had called
to express their regard for the man
that had been agreed upon to carry,
with Mr. Roosevelt, the Republican
party to victory next November and to
assure him that he had their undivided
support.
The voice of a Califomlan was heard
on the floor of the convention for the
first time to-day. It was Judge Mc-
Kinley of Los Angeles, chairman of
the California delegation, that gave
the convention its initial impression of
the eloquence of the West. H- took
the floor in defense of the delegation
from Hawaii, which had been allowed
two votes, though six of the Islanders
journeyed hither, in obedience to call,
under the impression that each would
be allowed a vote.
Foraker of Ohio had moved to allow
Hawaii its entire representation and
McKinley rose to second the motion.
He pointed to the fact that the cation
owed its fullest support to the colony
of Americans far out in the Pacific, and
that California, as its nearest friend.
would stand and battle for Its rights.
He trusted that the claim that but few
whites dwelt in the Islands would not
prejudice the convention, for, he said,
all of their people had been brought
under the flag and the convention
should consider the question of num
bers, not of color.
A wird shout of approval mat Judgo
McKinley's eloquent plea for Hawaii.
Had Nevada stood with the Califor
nians Hawaii would have been victo
rious, but Nevada's delegates refused
to see the Philippines, with their 9.000.
000 of inhabitants, allowed but two
votes and Hawaii, with but 45.000, al
lowed six votes in the convention.
CALL UPON" FAIRBANKS.
McKIXLEY MAKES A SPEECH.
The foregoing is the opinion of
Frank H. Short of Fresno on the pro
visions of the platform adopted by the
Republican National Convention that
are of greater interest to California
than the many others contained in the
announcement of the party's policy.
Short represented California en tha
committee of platform and resolu
tions and it was partly due to his ener
getic efforts that these principles were
so plainly set forth.
The plank pertaining to the en
couraging and upbuilding of the mer
chant marine -win stimulate the in
vestigations of the Congressional com
mittee that has announced its inten
tion to sit in San Francisco from July
15 to July 20 and longer if necessary.
HEADQUARTERS CALIFORNIA
DELEGATION. CHICAGO. Jane 22. —
"The Republican platform accepted
to-day is especially satisfactory to the
Pacific Coast. It declares in favor of
the reclamation of the arid lands and
for" a continuation of that policy. It
asserts Chinese exclusion to be a- Re
publican policy, to which it pledges
adherence. U makes protection the
cardinal policy and favors reciprocity
only when not inconsistent with the
principles of protection. It ia un
qualified in Its indorsement of the
isthmian canal project and promises
the speedy construction of the great
waterway.
"In fact, if California had had the
preparation of the platform under her
exclusive control it could not have
been made much more satisfactory.
The declaration of the platform on
the question of capital and labor is
brief, clear and perfectly plain and
ought to satisfy the reasonable de
mands of both. The enforcement of
the law against all and in favor of all
is a good doctrine to tie to."
BY FREDERIC W. BISHOP,
Start Correspcndmt oJ The Call.
Golden State's In
terests Are Rec
ognized*
California Fares
Well in Reso
lutions.
Convention Gives
All That Could
Be Asked.
PLEASING
TO COAST
LEADERS
The San Francisco Call.(Howe had left his shop for a mo
ment to discuss a business matter with
a friend who resides but haJf. a block
distant. He did not think it necessary
to lock the door. ,\ Upon his return he
was astonished to find several of the
bird cages open and the birds gone."
Subsequent search revealed the loss of
the -watch and chain. . .
' The crime was committed -yesterday
morning during the brief absence of
Howe from his place of business. The
crooks worked in a skillful and quick
manner, as the attention of none' of
the adjacent storekeepers was attract*
ed. The seven canaries were taken
from their cages and the timepiece
from a drawer. ¦ .'"¦:.
A burglary of a particularly daring
character, perpetrated in , one. of ""the
most thickly settled sections of the
|clty yesterday, is engaging the atten
tion of the detectives. As a result of
the operations of the thieves Robert
F. Howe, a shoemaker and dealer in
imported canaries .at 508 Octavia
street, suffered the loss of a gold
watch and chain and seven valuable
songsters. v ' ••
Shop on Octavia Street Looted in
Broad Daylight and Watch and 4
Songsters ' Taken. • - - * :
• The date for the special excursion
of the California State' Board of Trade
to the St.' Louis Exposition.' has been,
set. The start will be made on Oc
tober 2. The excursionists will pro
ceed directly to St. Louis by' special
train, in. charge of Secretary Fletcher,
making record time for the trip. The
party to visit .St. Louis and the part£'
to Boulder Creek will be limited, to
0.00 Dersons each. . . . ... ....- ¦.
, Governor Pardee, the. Yoseralte
Commissioners and the Commissioners
of the Big Basin Park in Santa Cruz
County will be invited, to go 'with' the
California State Board of Trade ex
cursion party to the -Big Basin next
month. The date for starting from
this city will be July 22. The excur
sionists will stop in Boulder Creek
Friday night, to which place they
will journey by special train. On Sat
urday morning they will proceed tp
the Big . Basin, where they will .pass
the 'day. The special train- will re
turn to this city Saturday evening.
This is the plan as now outlined. Sec
retary L. M. Fletcher will go to Boul
der Creek to-day .to make arrange
ments in behalf of the State Board
of Trade. '• ' ;
Will Visit Ble Basin Park in July and
St. Louis Exposition .In
October.
THIEVES CARRY AWAY SE VEX'
VALUABLE CANARY BIRDS
BOARD OF TRADE FIXES
DATES FOR EXCURSIONS
NEW YORK, June 22— The International
Mercantile Marine Comfiany announced to-day
that it had met the cut steerage rate of $1J5
to London and SI" to Antwerp, put into effect
yesterday by the Cimard line.
VERDICT OK ACC1DKXTAL DEATH —
The Coroner's Jury in the case of J. tVderleln,
who dUd from thi> effects of eas on June 11.
returned a verdict of accidental death. A
statement was rtad to the effect thfct the
plumbing in the house. 867 Bush street, was
defective, but the verdict rendered made no
comment on that fact.
DENVER, Colo., June 22. — William
A. Clark Jr., son of United States Sen
ator William A. Clark of Montana, is
seriously 111 at the Sylvania, 305 West
Colfax avenue, in this city. He is suf
fering from a complete nervous col
lapse brought on by an attack of heart
trouble.
William A. Clark Jr. Seriously 111.
Lieutenant Edmund D. Shdrtjidge,
medical corps, U. S. A., has been or
dered to report for duty at Fort Mileyi
Lieutenant W. T. Davidson, who ar
rived from Manila' on the Buford, will
take his place at the General Hospital.
Major W. E. Birkhimer, who has
been at the Presidio General Hospital
for the past two months and haB un
dergone two serious operations, is now
rapidly on the road to recovery. : ¦
The regular monthly field exercises
of the post will take place to-day, be
ginning at 9 o'clock this morning.
The patients of the General Hospital
will hereafter be enlivened every
Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock with. a
concert by the Twenty-eigh|h Infantry
band.
In the proposed changes of the heads
of the different army divisions General
MacArthur will probably not figure.
That Is, not if the question Is left to
him to decide. In speaking of the possi
bility of hia being relieved of his com
mand here and sent to Governors Isl
and, when Major General Corbin goes
to the Philippines In October, he saW:
"If the command of the Atlantic di
vision is offered to me I would express
a preference for the Pacific division."
Further than this General MacAr
thur had nothing to say.
As to whether, as was rumored, he
had received a personal intimation
from General Chaffee that the Atlantic
division was open to him he was non
committal.
General MacArthur's desire to re
main in this department, from what
can be learned, is based on two rea
sons. He thinks this division of mor^i
Importance than that of the Eastern
side, and he also has become greatly
attached to this coast and its people.
Furthermore, General MacArthur has 1
nothing to gain by the change. Ac
cording to the general routine of army
promotion, General Chaffee will retire
on April 14, 190tJ, and will be succeeded
by General Corbin, who will retire on
September 1"> of the same year. Gen
eral MacArthur, being next in rank,
will then become chief off staff, retiring
June 2, 1909.
Lieutenant Cary A. Snoddy, medical
department, U. S. A., will be married
on June 28 to Miss Hayes of. Vallejo.
With his bride he will sail " on the
transport Sherman on July 1 for Ma
nila, where he will be stationed for
two years. •
Reliable eras ranges' $16 50, regular
price $20. this week only at S. F. Gas
& Electric Co.. 415 Post st. ' •
NEW YORK, June 22. — According
to a statement of Professor L. V. Case,
a scientific teacher and g-eologist at
the Washington Irving High School in
Tarrytown, radium has been discov
ered in the spar quarry there. It is
being examined by J. F. Merrill, State
Geologist, who reported finding uran
iumite and uranolite. The scientific
department of Columbia University
will send twenty-five pounds of the
ore to the World's Fair to be placed
on exhibition.
Scientific Department of Columbia
University Will Send Some of the
Ore to World's Fair.
RADIUM IS DISCOVERED .
IX A TARRYTOWN QUARRY
PREFERS DETAIL
ON THIS COAST
The Steele-Shorb wedding, to occur
July- 18,. will prove of vast Interest to
Sacrnmentans, of whom the groom Is
one,; and to Southern Californlans, to
whom the Shorbs are well known, hav
ing in the old days owned vast estates
in the southland.
On the 27th Miss Constance Lawrence
will become the J bride of Robert P.
Dean, the well-known young clubman.
Miss Lawrence comes of a clever
family and is herself a young woman
of fine attainments and a- charming
personality.
. Mrs. John D. Spreckels and Miss Lily
Spreckels left yesterday for an extend
ed trip to Europe.
The bride will be attended by her sis
ter,,Miss Virginia Goodsell, while the
groom will be served by Frank Booth,
the popular young broker.
The home of the bride Is already a
bower of pink blossoms and green
things from the forest, the most allur
ing sppt, of course, being the nuptial
nook In the reception hall.
¦ The mother of the bride will give her
into the keeping of the groom.
The ceremony will be witnessed only
by the relatives of the bride and
groom, but a large reception will fol
low.
To-night, the wedding of Miss Doro
thy Goodsell and Charles * William
Camm will be celebrated by the Rev.
Mr. McBurney of Oakland at the home
of the bride on Van Ness avenue.
Although but two seasons in Califor
nia, the young' bride and her sister
have won hosts of friends among the
younger set in society.
The service over, the bridal party en
joyed a Wedding breakfast at the St.
Francis, after which the happy pair
departed for Southern California,
where they will travel about leisurely
for several weeks. ~ • ¦ . w •
After their return they will reside at
the Del Monte. ¦ '
"The ceremony was performed at St.
Mary's Cathedral by the Rev. Fatner
Hannigan during the celebration of a
nuptial mass, beginning at 9 o'clock.
The bride, a maid of distinguished
bearing,, was gowned in a smart trav
eling, frock, with a. white picture hat:
She was attended by her sister, Miss
Marion White, while the groom was
served by Edgar J. White, a brother of
the bride. ¦
Another union of love ;'"'twlxt" the
East and t the West! Yesterday morn
ing Miss ' Laura Janet White, a fair
Milwaukee maid,- the daughter of .Mr.
and Mrs. James S: White, became thf?
bride of William H. Pabst. the man 1
ager of the Pacific Improvement Com-"
pany at Del Mohfe. ' ' "***
The District Attorney also claimed
that the crimes of forgery and embez
zlement were under the same category
as obtaining money under false pre
tenses, and was about to quote author
ities when Attorney Shortridge inter
rupted him, saying: "We concede
.that." '
Attorney' Dunne evidently thought
Shortridge had made a bad break and
came to his rescue, saying: "I do not
think Mr. Shortridge intended to- make
that remark. We concede nothing of
the sort." 6hortridge did not attempt
to clear himself, however, and his
statement stands. ' r
The arguments will be concluded this
morning and the examination of wit
nesses resumed.
leled the Eppinger case in the hypothe
cation of warehouse receipts.
CRIMES SIMILAR.
WEDDINGS SAVE
SOCIETY FROM
STAGNATION
FETITION FOR BANKRUPTCY.— M. F.
Goldsmith, a clerk residing in thU city, flled
a Detlt'.cn in bankruatcy yesterday. His lia
bilities are $510, with no assets.
RELIGION VS. SCIENCE.— Rabbi Louis G.
Reynolds of Salt Lake City will deliver a ser
mon on Saturday. June 25. at the Bush-street
Synagogue on "The Conflict Between Religion
and Science."
Mrs. Ernestine Landbeck, who has
been under medical observation at the
Detention Hospital for the insane dur
ing the last week, was finally declared
by Dr. McGettlgan yesterday to be of
unsound mind and a fit subject for the
State Hospital. The woman attempt
ed to drown herself and her baby in
the ocean near the Cliff House a few
months ago. She was committed to
the asylum at Stockton yesterday by
Judge Graham.
Jlrs. Landbeck Found Insane.
Carriage Woodworkers — President. Daniel F.
McUaughlin; vice president, Neleon Miller;
financial secretary. Edward Llniez; recording
secretary. Henry Schultx; treasurer, John A.
Holland; guardian, Herman Groessel; guide,
George Filbert: trustee. Henry Leu; delegate
to Labor Council, John A. Holland.
Str-am Laundry Workers — President, Robert
Kwlni?; vice president, Mrs. L. C. Walden;
(secretary. Miss Hannah Mahoney; treasurer.
Charles B. Scully; sergeant««-at-arms. John
Morris and Albert- Robinson; trustee, Charles
Child; finance committee, J. Dwyer; examin
ing committee — George Lowney. Miss Roee
Farro and \V. Clunle; delegates to Labor Coun
cil—Mrs. L. C. Walden, Miss Annie Mullen,
Mise Rena Judd, Robert Ewlng, John Morris.
V. A. Greenlaw, Harry Clunle, George Mack
lln and George Wllhelm. ,
PrfFident. H. 3.1. Locke; secretary. J. C.
Murphy; treasurer. Harry I^ogan: James Haed- j
rk-h. John A. O'Connell, James H. Smith, T. !
I-. McKeever. F. M. McCarty. P. J. Buckley, '
P. J. Whelan. G. H. Richards, William J. i
MeCraw. E. C. Fleischer P. W. Norman, i
C. A. Urittain. Oakland — D. J. Hajlahan and !
K. M. Campbell. Alameda— F. H. Splnk and I
E. K, Healy.
The Drug Clerks' Association will j
take a run down to San Mateo by the '
trolley car line on July 24, and again on
July 29, during which evenings dancing I
will be the attraction in the big pa
vilion.
Officers for unions elected at last
meetings:
Sunday, July 3, has been set" aside
by the letter carriers for their annual
outing at Shell Mound Park. The fol
lowing members have been appointed
as a committee of arrangements:
Former "Will Picnic at Shell Mount!
Park and the Latter Will Have
a Trolley Car Ride.
LETTER CARRIERS AXD DRUG
CLERKS TO JiAVJi OUT1XGS
. Mrs. Fratessa is well known in the
Mission district, where she has resided
for years. Her spouse is a popular
busfness man and a prominent mem
ber of the .Young Men's Institute.
After a wedding tour in the southern
part of the State Mr. and Mrs. Fra
tessa will take up their residence in
this city.
Mission. Dolores Church was .the
scene of a pretty wedding on Tuesday
evening, when Miss Julia M. Glennon
and Paul Fratessa were made man
and wife. The ceremony was quite a
social event In Mission society and the
church was thronged with friends and
relatives of the popular young couple.
The bride was attended , by her
cousin, Miss Lillian Glennon. Edward
Glennon, a brother of the bride, acted
as best man. The 'bride was hand
somely gowned and carried a bouquet
of white roses. '¦
Miss Julia Glennon and Paul
F. Fratessa Joined in
Matrimony.
MISS JULIA M. GLENNON, WHO
. HAS BECOME THE BRIDE OF
PAUL, FRATESSA.
PORTLAND, Or., June 22.— Officer
Goltz in the municipal court this morn
ing, by direction of ' Judge Hogue,
choked Gus Danguisse in order that
Danguisse should know what treatment
he might expect in the Police Court if
he further tormented, .his wife, Marie
Danguisse.
Yesterday Danguisse, who had been
on a spree for some' time, went io a
grading camp at Alberta street and
Rodney avenue, where his wife cooks
for the graders, and choked her several
times, telling her that he intended to
kill her. She begged him to spare her
for the sake of their children. The hus
band allowed her to go, but a short
time afterward he secured a tent stake
and tried to hit her on the head. He
told her to say her prayers as her time
had come. The woman ran and hid in
the woods close to the camp, and finally
told her story to Officer Adams, who
took the husband to Jail.
Judge Hogue sentenced Danguisse to
thirty days in the City Jail, and then
told him that if he again abused his
wife he would be choked by the police.
Officer Goltz then gave him an example
of what he might expect.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Attorney Shortridge followed in the
same strain. After quoting the case of
the man who fraudulently sold one box
of red pills, he stated that the defense
would not claim that Jacob Eppinger
made representations recklessly or in
advertently, but that he had never
made them at all. "The point at Issue,"
he said, "is, Did Eppinger make these
representations?. We claim he did not
and leave it to the defense to prove
otherwise. Any acts of the defendant
prior to April 14, or any transaction
with parties aside from. Colonel Beck,
are not admissible In evidence."
,, The , prosecution, then had an
jnning 'and * District ; Attorney ' By-
Ington began reading from United
States .Supreme .Court decisions ~ to
offset, the red pill case. Among
other ' points he. showed that ** "In
the case of 4 a man accused of passing
counterfeit coin the testimony need not
be confined to the particular coin, but
evidence showing that he made a prac
tice of "passing the queer" might be in
troduced to Influence the Jury. This,
argued the District Attorney, paral-
During the course of the argument
Attorney Peter F. Dunne outlined the
defense, -which,' according: to his state
ment, will be conducted on different
lines than those previously suggested.
''We will contend," he said "that Jacob
Eppinger did not send tne warehouse
receipts to Colonel Beck of the Inter
national Banking Corporation and did
not make any false representations re
garding the wheat in the warehouse.
This will be our defense and it will
makes offenses similar to that with
which the defendant is charged Inad
missible."
IiIXE OF DEFENSE.
The question raised is a vital one,
and the entire day was occupied in
arguing, the Jury being excused until
a decision shall be rendered. The pros
e.cutlon wishes to introduce evidence
to show that Jacob Eppinger was
guilty of fraud not only In the cases
on which he was Indicted, but also on
numerous occasions Immediately pre
ceding the alleged fraudulent transac
tion. The defense, on the other hand,
contends that the accused can only be
tried on the offenses charged in the In
dictment and that otner transactions
may not be used to Influence the minds
of the jurors. Many authorities were
quoted on both contentions and the
opinions of courts of sovereign States
were pitted against each other to such
an extent that the words "sovereign
States" became the signal for laughter.
According to the statement of Attor
ney, Shortrldge, one of the counsel for
the defense of Jacob Epplnger, a vital
point in the case revolves around, a lit
tle box of red pills pold In Indiana
some years ago. The prosecution cm
the other hand contends that the In
diana Superior Court took unwarranted
liberties inasmuch as It reversed a
•United States Supreme Court decision
when it rendered its decision regarding
the sale of nostrums guaranteed^ to al
leviate all ills of womankind.
• They were sent to ranches last
summer, where they were em
ployed in "berry picking and cur
ing prunes and hop picking. One
section of the lads alone earned
$138, while another party picked over
2-jO tons of prunes and brought back
over $500 In money as the proceeds of
their healthful and manly labor.
The society has adopted a plan of de
ducting from the earnings of each boy
a sum per day sufficient in the aggre
gate to cover the cost of the expedition.
An accurate account is kept of each
boy's earnings, and this amount, Ies3
the deduction named, is paid to him
upon hist discharge from the institu
tion or is expended for his benefit or
paid to his legal guardian.
Fifty-four per cent of, the gross
earnings of the boys was paid to them
and 46 per cent absorbed in expenses.
In this manner, says Mr. Lewis, the
society intends to teach the value of
good, honest work.
Thrs annual meeting of the Boys'
and Girls' Aid Society was held on
Tuesday, when the board listened to
the . annual . report of Superintendent
Herbert W. Lewis, which especially set
forth the year's work with the boys. He
told of the wonderful benefits of the
Bummer outing given the boys of the
Institution this summer.
The Grand Circle of Lady Druids
this rnornfng elected officers for the
coming year as follows: Grand arch
druidess, O. Heiden of El Dorado Cir
cle, San Francisco; grand first bard,
B. McCottrey of Golden Gate Circle.
Pan Francisco; grand second bard, M.
Bammon of Hesperian Circle. San
Francipco; grand secretary, A. Thorn
hill of El Dorado Circle. San Francisco;
prand treasurer. M. Mollinari of Laurel
<"ircle, San Francisco; grand conduc
tress, H.- Swcetser of Novato Circle.
Novato; grand guardian, B. Pimental
of Oakland; grand sentinel, A. Forni of
Ft. lielena. Grand trustees— C. Christ
<'f Modesto; R. G. McMannus of Co
lumbia Circle. San Francisco; Mary
Amarel of Gilroy. Grand organist,
Kva Wolff of Laurel Circle, San Fran
cisco.
This afternoon the nomination of su
preme representatives -to- the Supreme
Grove, to be held in Richmond, Va.. in
September, was taken up. Three are to
be elected and there are six candidates:
Noble Grand Arch George Beck of Liv
crmore, H. Lang of St. Helena and E.
L. Wagner, E. H. Goetz, C. A. Gugliel
mor.l and M. H. Herman of San Fran
cisco. Alternates — J. Hagan, G. W.
iiickel, II. Menke and E. C Luchesa.
During the afternoon an official visit
was made by the Grand Circle <?f Lady
Druids. The committee on honored dead
reported that 5250 was voted to the
local committee toward defraying the
expenses of the Grand Grove. The re
port of the committee on Druids' land,
which is situated near Glen Ellen and
donated to the order by Dr. C. C.
O'Donnell of San Francisco for the es
tablishment of a home, went over for
a year. This evening a public band
concert was given by the Third Artil
lery Band of the Presidio.
Two candidates for grand marshal
are in the field— Past Arch M. Pozzi of
t^an Francisco and CL D. Dorn of Sa
linas. G. H. Bertram and P. Bammon
v-iil contest for the .errand sentinel hon
cte. There are nine persons who want
to be chosen grand trustee and there
are three to be elected. Those nomi
nated are C. F. Wcdemeyer. H. A. Cra
mer, Walter Gallagher. Daniel Giovan
nini. Dr. F. F. Lord, F. Charbonnier.
Dr. J. J. Nolton, W. L. Semenza and F.
Coburn.
The following were nominated:
Charles de Legh of Stockton, noble
grand arth; William Antonvich, deputy
grand arch; James F. Martinoni, in
cumbent, grand secretary; Frank J.
Horn, grand treasurer.
Special DlFpatch to The Call
SANTA CRUZ, June 22.— The nomi
nation Of officers pave new life to to
day's session of the Grand Grove of
Druids and much rivalry was evinced
throughout the meeting.
The steamships Garonne and Olympia
were not sighted. Conservative esti
mates place the w'inter clean-up .at
Nome and vicinity at $1,000,000. James
Wood is reported as having taken out
more than $150,000, which will be
shipped to Seattle *on one of the next
boats out. The steamship Roanoke,
due to sail from Nome for Seattle
about June 23, will have another large
gold shipment, and it is thought that
the steamers Senator and Victoria will
also have gold cargoes. Marshall Rich
ards has twelve prisoners for McNeils
Island. The men were to be sent out
on the Oregon, but were delayed..
Residents of Nome reported to the
officers of the Oregon that the winter
had been extremely mild, with very
little snow. The place, was remarkably
free from sickness. Notwithstanding
that heretofore Nome has not been
classified as a winter digging district
Major Strong, of the Nome Nugget,
is authority for the statement that the
dumps l&ken. out last winter have to
date produced a sum in excess of
$1,000,000, and the work now remains
incomplete on account of a shortage
of water. ;
Nothing was seen of the Northern
Commercial Company's steamship Sa
die. The Roanoke was reported as hav
ing reached St. Michael. The steam
ship Tacoma reached Nome the morn
ing of June 13, and the steamships Vic
toria and Senator followed the same
afternoon.
SEATTLE. June 22.— After bucking
heavy ice Hoes in Bering Sea that for a
time threatened to drive the vessel back
to Dutch Harbor, the steamer Oregon
reached port early this morning from
Nome, establishing a record for being
the flrfct vessel back from the cold-
Ilelds this season and making a quick
round triu. The Oregon brought four
passengers and $500,000 in bullion.
The steamer Corwin, which sailed
from Seattle May 17, was the first ves
sel to reach Nome. The evening of
June 8 the Corwin arrived in sight of
that place. : .
Fears are felt for the Alaska Com
mercial Company's steamship Port
land. It was the general opinion at
Nome when the Oregon sailed that the'
vessel had been caught in the ice and
carried far into the Arctic Ocean. L_ast
season the Portland was imprisoned in
the ice for fourteen days. The vessel
was one of the first to reach Dutch
Harbor, and should have been in Nome
ahead of the Corwin.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
IJivalry Enters Contest for
Supreme Kepresentative to
Attend Next Convention
Judge Sends Man to Jail
After the First Sample
of Corporal
May Have as Little Bearing
on Case as Flowers That
Bloom in the Springtime
Vessel Brings Half a Mil
lion Dollars in Bullion
From Goldfields of Nome
Juvenile Fruit Pickers and
Prune Curers Aniass Tidy
Sums While on Vacation
REPORTS SHOW RESULTS
CANDIDATES NUMEROUS
ORDER WELL EXECUTED
OREGON HAS RETURNED
Boys' and Girls' Aid Society
Combines Recreation With
Hard Work in Orchards
Choosing the Officers En
livens the Session of the
Grand Grove at Santa Cruz
Portland Jurist Adminis
ters Salutary Treatment
for a Brutal Husband
Shipping 3Ien Fear Experi
ence of Last Year Has
Been Repeated to Portland
RED TILLS INTERVENE
Eppinger's Attorneys Claim
That ire Bid Not Handle
the Warehouse Keceipts
MANY DRUIDS
SEEK HONORS
"CHOKE HIM"
SAYS COURT
FOLLY OUTLINE
THE DEFENSE
SHIP'S DELAY
CAUSES WORRY
YOUTHS TAUGHT
SELF-SUPPORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. JUNE 23, 1904.
PRETTY WEDDING
AT THE MISSION
DOLORES CHURCH
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We are showing an immense line of the very latest pat-
terns at prices that cannot fail to draw your attention. Our
Carpet Department is fitted to handle your order promptly
and efficiently, no matter whether it is a .cottage or a hotel.
We guarantee you careful and, courteous attention, and will
be pleased to show the goods whether you purchase or not.
The few items mentioned will give you an idea of the money-
saving effects.
Tx7/\r»l \T/»KT/»tc designs, effective colorings. f> a « mm
WOOI VeiVClS Some v«y choke patterns. Ready Jk I 1
— — — — — to walk on, per yard
Lowell Bigelow Body Brussels £:?^K
good old weave is too well known to require further descrip- Jl| I m
tion. No carpet made as durable. Peryard ' ¦•¦¦*/
Bigelow Axmmstcrs oSL^A^.^s
, . ... designs. Each pat- Jk I /¦ *^
tern is a chef-d'oeuvre of the carpet designer's art Per yard *r ¦ • ¦ V
T ir% r\ 1 /»i rm ¦^ Clt ground cork and linseed oil. Some ei lee- 4\ m il
LlilOlCVm tive patterns. Per square yard ,.. -jfjlj
fntf 9»/f /» « r< 5»»*T\/af Sanitary and moth proof, reverst- 4\ mm _
l/Oliage l/arpet Me. Each side adifferent pattern. -JfOC
r'Vlfnn 7UC 9| f f «n /f' Our own importations.. Good fresh |A|.
tnina i*ialling fiber. Artistic colors. Per yard J^C
gUj^ram^uMa^ mm.
v ¦ . ' . - ' -.* . -
SO-Mule-Team — Our Trade Mark
The happiness of life isn t all in the
parlor— it isn- 1 all in the pretty part of life—
there's another, a homely happiness— the
happiness of having the clothes white, or
the dishes washed clean, or the housework
go easily and quickly* Dozens of the things
you do in everyday home work make up
a large part in life's happiness* Borax has
a very dose relation to happiness, because
it has a very close relation to housework*
Borax doubles the cleansing power- of
soap and water* You'll be astonished to
see how much easier and quicker you can
wash things by adding a little Borax to
the water* Get purest and best Borax,
20-MULE-TTEAM BRAND* ; For sale
by druggists and grocers in l A f ¥2 and
J-lb* packages. ; .^
. v The famous " AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES FREE to pofdusen of
20-Mule-Team Borax. At stores or sent for LB. BOX TOP and 4c. in stamps.
Pacific Coast Borax Co* New York, Chicago, San Frandsco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BORAXOLOGY
rafp^^ X Jk
APVERTisiaoarra,
gD&SSr 1 Han
S10IC HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieTe Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi.
j ws.% Bad Taste ia the Mouth, Coated Tongue
I Paia ia the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
j Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
H5 Cents a Dozen]
y£r Developing Kodak •(
Up to and including 4x5
x-nce uus *ea *-«r t^. ca 4tcU M
Films for All Kodaks. \i
ABOO DEVELOPING TUEES. H
¦ For Argu or other gaslight papers. H
t per tube- s c II
J Box of t> tubes 5»5c H
We demonstrate Defender paper* JH
dally and invite you to see us. ff
Mail orders promptly filled. Order 6
StrwSET BAZAAR. H
42 Third st.. Pan Francisco fl
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA EITTERS. THE
*-» Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Marlcsi.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S Steamers leav* Broadway
wharves, piers 9 and 11
San Francisco:.
For Ketch! kfti, Wnuigrt.
Juneau. Halnes Skagway.
etc.. Alaska— H' a. m. Jun»
1». 24. July 3. Chasga ta
Company's steamers at Se-
attle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattls. Tacoma, . Everett
Bellingham — 11 a. m.. June 19. 24. July i.
Change at Seattle to this company's ateamors
for Alaska and O. ft, Ry. : at Seattls or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay> — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. June 21. 27 July 3. Corona, l:3u p. m .
June IS. 24. 20 July 6.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles an4
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara/ —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, ft a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Anxeles (via San Pedro and Cast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Panta Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta ft a. m.. June 16. • 24. July 2.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m., June 20. 28. July flL
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jom det
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.>. 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904— Th»
palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Juns 21.
July 5. 19. Aug. 2. IB.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to- chane* »t»amer» or sailing- dates.
TICKET OrriCES — 4 New MontROin-
i ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.. and Broad-
' way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st
C. D. Dt'NANX, General Pa.«*"nger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN XSITE.
FTrmontli — Cberboanr — Southampton.
From New Tork. Saturdays. 9:30 a. ra.
Germanic July 2> Philadelphia ...July 19
St. Paul July 9 St. Louis July 23
ATLANTIC TSAXTSPOBT LIHE.
New York — London Street.
MInnetonka July 2. » a. ra.
Minnehaha July 9. 2 p. m.
Minneapolis July 18 9 a. m,
Mesaba July 2^. 9 a. m.
Only first-class pasoengers carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passai?<\
Vancouver July 2fPomlnlon July 1«
Kensington July 9 Southwark Ju'.y 23
ROLLAHO-AMXBICA Z.IKTE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.300 Tons.
Hew Tork — Rotterdam. VU Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdavs at 10 a. m.
Xoordam July SlPotsdara July 19
Statendam July 12-Rotterdam Aug. 2
ETO STAR JJTtrB.
ICew York — Ant werp— Paris.
From New Tork. Saturdays, at 1O:S0 a. m.
Vaderland July 2|Zeeland July 1«
Kroonland July » Finland »Bly 23
WHIT'S STAR LINE.
If aw York — On#*n»town — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Teutonic. July «. 10 am (Majestic. July 2ft 10 am
Celtic JulyS. 1 pm'Cedric. . . July 22. 1 pm
Baltic. ..July 13. 5 pm Oceanic. .July 27. 5 pm
Boston — Queen«to-«rn — Livemcol.
¦Republic (new) July 7. Aug. 11. Sept. »
Cymric July 14. Aug. IS. Sept. 19
Cretlc July 2S. Aug. 25. Sept. 22
NEW SERVICES FROM BOSTON.
Part Twln-Screw Steamers
¦ Of 11.40O to 13 OOO Ttm«.
BOSTON DIRECT TO^ THE :
MEUrTEKItANEAJT. VIA AZORES.
aTBRAXiTAR. S/P1ES. GE5OA.
CANOPIC July 2. Aug. 27. Oct. J
ROMANIC :....Sept. 17. Oct. ~>. De*. S
First class $63 upward. dppend'niS "" ami*-
C. D. TATLOR. Pastsengnr Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post st,. San FYanciseo. .
ftamburg-Jlmerican.
Seml-Weeklr Twln-Screw Serrlee
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOl'RO. HAMBtTRO
•+Moltke .June 30)tPretr>rta July ]•>
iPatricU July 2JHatt:burff *»'/?.
•Deutschland ..July 7;fWald*™pe July S.
Belgravla July » fMoKke .July 2*
•Has grill room and tgymnasium on board.
tWill call at Dover only.
HAMBUBQ-AME3ICA3T LINE. .
Offices 35 and 37 TSroadway. New York.
HERZO'q ft CO.. •*»* CALIFORNIA ST
O. /?- <S N. CO.
COLU1TBIA »all» June 1«. 28. July 8. 11 and
26. GEO W. ELDER sails Jane 21. July 1.
11 21 and 31. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND OR- and short rail line from Portland
to all ' points East. Through tickets to all
points.^ Steamer tickets Include berth- antf
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11
am 8. V. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1
Montgomery St.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
S 8. ALAMEDA for Honolulu. June 23. 11 am.
8." S. MARIPO3A. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a. m.
8 8. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auek-
'lanA and Sydney. Thursday. July 7. 2 p. m.
UMFBEims & BED! GUtfl.TiCfet 032J 513 Ct«
I8t rreiz&i 0ac33i3Mir>:3tiL.. Pur t. tivA: >¦¦ _
loxriaira esnxoALS T3A53ATT. antij-i
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Palling every TnursJay Instead of i^XMt
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. • —rwfm -
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. |70 and upward. Sfec™
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR CNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson builaingJ-
N>w York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agent*. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Ag-mts.
To V. S. Nary Yard and VaUeJo,
STMRS. GEN. FRISBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW— »:45 A. M.. 12:3u noon, 3:15 P. •
M «00 P. M.. 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday);
Sunday* 9:45 A. M.. 8:30 P. M. Leave Val-
lejo 7:00 A. M.. 0:00 A. M.. 12:30 NOON.
8-15 P. M.. «:0O P. M. (ex. Sunday): Sun-
days 7:00 A. M.. 4:15 P. M. Landing and
office. Pier 2. foot Mission st. Phone Main
1508. HATCH BROS. m
To U. S. Nary Yard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay st.. north end of ferry bldg.— Week days.
8:30 A. M.. 3 and •» P. M. ; Sundays. »:.»O
A. M.. 8 P. M. Leave Vallejo— Week days.
• :50 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.: Sundays. 3
P M." Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rates.
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martin**.
50c round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALI*
CO. phone Main fetl. *Saturday excepted.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PER YEAB.Reliable gas ranges $16 SO, regular
price $20. this week only at S. F. Gas
£ Electric Co., 415 Post at. •
.When a. man asks a girl to go to the
theater with him she goes around.tell
ing everybody she has had another
•trnnnc&I.
SAN ANTONIO, Texas, June 22.— The
Democratic . State ;. Convention to-day
indorsed the candidacy of Parker. Sen
ators Bailey and , Culberson and Judge
J. H. Reagan are three of the dele
gates-at-large to the St. Louis conven
tion.
Texas Democrats Indorse Parker.
WASHINGTON. June 22.— The Treas
ury Department has approved the rul
ing of the Collector of Customs at San
Francisco to the effect that the ostrich
plumes, even when imported as plucked
from the* bird, are "ornamental" within
the meaning of the law and theref on
must pay the* additional duty of about
£5 per cent. '
Upholds Ruling of the Collector.
SANTA ANA, June 22.— Martin , Buer,
18 years of age, "a son of John F. Buer
of Orange, fell sixty feet down th*
shaft of a -well at ' the home . -; of A.
Schlldmeyer here ' to-day and was " In
stantly killed. - • ¦
Falls Into Well and Is Killed.
Monument to Memory of De Monts.
ANNAPOLIS. N. S., June 22.— In the
presence of thousands of spectators the
cornerstone of a monument to be erect
ed by the Government of Canada to the
memory of Sleur de Monts, the French
explorer, was laid at the old fort,,An
napolis Royal, to-day. A large number
of Americans were present. The two
United States warships and the British
and French vessels displayed hundreds
of flags and streamers.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— Minister
Conger at Peking has demanded that
the Chinese authorities apologize for
what was reported by Consul Miller at
Newchwang to be the entirely unwar
ranted killing of Louis Etzel, corre
spondent of the London Daily Tele
graph, by Chinese soldiers. Minister
Conger has cabled the State Depart
ment that the, Chinese authorities seem
disposed to deal strictly with whoever
is culpable. Aside from exacting an
apology. Conger defers the question of
an Indemnity for Etzel's life to the
judgment of the State Department,
which will be guided by the report on
the Incident already mailed from
China.
Minister Conger Cables That tho Gov
ernment Seems Inclined to Deal
' Strictly With Those Culpable. .' i
CHINA MUST APOLOGIZE
FOR KILLING OF ETZEL.
After these nominations "had been
made the convention was thrown into
an uproar by a motion offered by
Mayor J. E. Burke of this city to in
struct the delegates to > St. Louis for
Parker. The Mayor was barely able
to finish offering the motion on account
of the cries of "no/: no," and the gen
eral confusion. ' Later when he tried to
withdraw it the chair refused to-recog
nize him. The motion finally was voted
down by, a large majority. ..;."
BURLINGTON. Vt.. June 23.— The
Democratic State Convention has
chosen Elisha May, B. A. Bullard, C.
W. Melcher and J. E. Burke delegates
at large. No reference was made to
Presidential candidates. The following
State ticket* was then named: Gov
ernor. Ell H. Porter, Wilmington:
Lieutenant Governor, C. L. McMahon,
Stowe; Treasurer, A. J. Sibley, Mont
peller; Secretary of State, C. D. Wat
son, St. Albans; Auditor, J. E. Walsh,
Pittsford.
Democrats of Vermont Send Untrara
meled Delegation to St. Louis.
OPPOSE INSTRUCTION.
A dispatch from Paris says that ap
prehension has aroused there
concerning the whereabouts of Loomis
and that on the request of friends the
agents of the company are making in
quiries, j -
"The North German Lloyd Company
has no information about Mr. Loomis
beyond the J>ct that he was missed an
hour before the arrival of the steamer
at Plymouth. Whether It was an acci
dent or suicide is not known."
LONDON, June 22.— Apparently noth
ing is known in regard to the disap
pearance of Kent J. Loomis, brother of
assistant Secretary of State Loomis,
who was a passenger on board the
North German Lloyd steamer Kaiser
Wilhelm' II, which left New York June
14 and arrived at Plymouth Monday
morning and at Bremen yesterday. In
quiries made at Bremen show that
Loomis -was seen at midnight Saturday
and that he was missed at noon Mon
day. No one seems to know what hap
pened in the interval. The representa
tives of the agents of the line who
boarded the Kaiser Wilhelm II at
Plymouth spoke to Captain George
mann, the purser, the doctor of the
steamer and others on board, but they
had heard nothing of the disappear
ance of the passenger.
A dispatch received here from Bre
men to-day reads: /¦. . >
Agents of Steamship Company Unable
to Throw Any Light on His
Disappearance.
NO TRACE OF LOOMIS
FOUND BY HIS FRIEXDS
application of the First National Bank
of • Calistoga, Cal.. to organize a na
tional bank Is approved. Capital sev
enty-five thousand dollars.
John O. Wilson has been commis-
Eioned postmaster at Cosmopolis,
Washington.
John H. Price of .San Francisco ap
pointed clerk of quartermaster's de
partment of the army, Angel Island,
salary $1000.,
Albert Bassler, Los Angeles, appoint
ed stenographer, Union Iron Works, j
Major Frank E. Hobbs, ordnance de
partment, West . Point, ordered to
Washington for consultation and will
go thereafter to Benicla, Cal.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Various Changes in Government Serv
ice Are Made by Departments
at Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 22.— The
Xo Foreign Attaches In the Sado.
VLADIVOSTOK, Tuesday, June 2 It
(Delayed in transmission.) — The re
port that foreign attaches were aboard
the Japanese transports which were
sunk by the Vladivostok squadron in
the straits of Korea is untrue. Three
Englishmen. L. Anderson. J. D. Ring
and W. Kerr, officers of the transport
Sado, were brought here. They say
that other Japanese transports are in
many cases officered by Englishmen.
The Sado lost $1,000,000 in English
gold.
CRESCENT CITY, June 22.— Mrs.
Margaret M. Breen, one of the pioneer
women of Northern California, died at
her home In Crescent City on June 16
at the age of 68 years.
Mrs. Breen was bori. in St. Johns,
Newfoundland. Her maiden name was
Margaret M. Lacy and she was mar
ried to John Breen In the city of Bos
ton in 1863, coming: to California In the
same year. In 1881 Mr. and Mrs. Breen
with their family moved to Crescent
City, where they have since resided. A
kind and loving wife, a devoted mother,
a true friend, has been called to rest.
She was a good Christian and the only
monument she desired was her con
sciousness of having done good to her
fellow creatures. She took the bitter
cup of life as it was presented, tem
pered bv the hand of a wise Provi
dence, thankful for the good, patient
for the evil and never Inquiring why
the latter predominates. Kind,
thoughtful and gentle to the end, she
quietly, peacefully passed over tha
dark river away out upon the endless,
mystical delta of the beyond, over the
trackless trail where so many have
preceded her, leaving to mourn her
death a beloved husband and three de
voted sons, J. J. Breen, John R. Breen
and William F. Breen.
•
LONDON, June 22. — A dispatch to
the Daily Mail under date of June 21
from Newchwang says:
! : "While a Russian force of 8000 un
der General Kondratsovitch was tra
versing Wafungko ravine, nine miles
'southeast of Kaichou, June 19, it was
' surprised by concealed Japanese ar
tillery-
"The Russians lost heavily, their
casualties being 1200 in number.
"General Kondratsovitch extricated
his men and led them in good order
to an intrenched position."
Loss in Wafungko Ravine.
GOOD WOMAN
OF CRESCENT
CITY IS DEAD
Colonel H. C. Dunwoody of the signal
corps, Lieutenant Colonel Peter Peary
Jr. of the artillery corps. Lieutenant
Colonel S. L. Woodward of the Seventh
Cavalry and Lieutenant Colonel John
M. Hyde.
On the retirement of General Hyde
Colonel Constant Williams of the
Twenty-sixth Infantry will be promot
ed to be a brigadier general and will
continue on the active list.
Lieutenant Colonel Edward Davis,
artillery corps, has been detailed for
service in the military secretary's de
partment as assistant/ adjutant general,
to succeed Lieutenant Colonel Sidney
W. Taylor, who is ordered to Fort
Rlley,. Kans., for duty in command of
the artillery sub-post there.
WASHINGTON. June 22.— When
Brigadier General Peter C. Halnes is
retired for age on July 6 next the fol
lowing named officers will be appointed
brigadier generals, successively, and
retired:
Before Belnjj' Released From
Active Service.
Will Be Appointed Brigadier Generals
SEVERAL ARMY OFFICERS
TO GO OX RETIRED LIST
The unfortunate woman, who was but
22 years of age, resides with her hus
band. Omer M. Pence, and their 3-year
old boy at the Mission-street address.
About 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon
Pence, who is an expressman, was ap
proached by a neighbor, who Informed
him that Mrs. Pence had displayed a
bottle of carbolic acid and declared her
intention of committing suicide. Pence
immediately repaired to his home and
found his wife engaged in preparing
the evening meal. He questioned her
relative to the matter and she stated
that the bottle had been destroyed. 1
About half an hour later Mrs. Pence
was found lying unconscious on a
lounge in the house with an empty bot
tle that had contained the acid by her
side. Directly imderneath the window
Coincidental with the tragic suicide
of pretty Mollie Gordon on June 9 was
the successful attempt at self-destruc
tion last evening of Mrs. Etta Pence, a
schoolmate and neighbor of that unfor
tunate girl. Carbolic acid was the me
dium selected by Mrs. Pence to take
her life and her cozy little home at 1166
Mission street the scene of the affair.
Melancholia covering a period of three
years is the cause assigned by the rel
atives.
Relief for Russian Wounded.
ST. PETERSBURG, June»22.— Lady
Harding, wife of the British Embasaa
dor. has presented the Dowager Em
press with $10,000 contributed by the
British Red Cross Society toward* the?
fund raised for the relief of the Rus
sian wounded.
Blockade Runner Founders.
CAPE TOWN, June 22. — The Brit
ish steamer La Porte, Captain Turner,
recently foundered near Port Nollo,
Cape Colony. She had a cargo of
Cardiff coal, which was destined for
Port Arthur and intended to run the
blockade. * .
3Irs. Etta Pence Wants to
Die \and Drains Contents
of a Bottle of Carbolic Acid
YOUNG WOMAN
FINDS DEATH
WASHINGTON. D. C, June 22.—
Lieutenant Colonel W. F. Pitcher of
the Twenty-Eighth" Infantry, against
whom charges were made of having
jilted Miss Carolina Harrold. a War
department clerk, to whom he was
engaged to be married, has made an
explanation to the War Department
which the officials say will stop any
furthpr proceedings and relieve him of
the embarrassment of a trial by court
martial.
Lieutenant Colonel Accused of Having
.Jilted Miss Harrold Will Xot Be
Tried by Court-Martial.
TANGIER. June 22. — It is stated on
pood authority that Perdicaris and
Varley will be released to-morrow,
*vhen the ransom, $70,000, partly in
checks and partly in silver, will be
Kf-nt to Rais.«ouli. The amount of the
ransom has been advanced by a
French firm here. Zelal. the Governor
of the Beni M'Sara tribe, has con
sented to act as Intermediary.
Mulai Hamet, Sheeref of Wazztu,
Kays he will leave Tangier to-morrow
morning with the ransom for Messrs.
Perdiciiris a.ud Varley, and that he
< xpects to return to-morrow night. He
refuses to allow newspaper corre
spondents to accompany him because
of the danger that the arrangements
thereby be unset.
PITCHER'S EXPLANATION*
PROVES SATISFACTORY
kom to Bandit Chirf.
Shcrrcf of YVazztu to Carry the Ran-
RELEASE IS PROMISED.
General KondratsoviLch Suffers Hea-
SURPRISED BY ARTILLERY.
Spectators at the battle of Vafang
tien claim to have seen on one oc
casion three horsemen appear on a
hill, one of whom, according to a
Russian officer, resembling either an
American or British attache, fell from
his horse when the Russians fired and
was evidently killed.
From a reliable source it Is report
ed that the Japanese in the vicinity of
Port Arthur are now entirely inactive
and that the Russians are not con
cerned regarding the situation there,
that in the north being now the most
important factor.
The Japanese fleet is probably co
operating with General Oku's advance
along the coast.
Heavy rains have been falling since
June 16 and have hampered opera
tion?. They indicate the commence
ment of the rainy season in the south,
though possibly for a month or more
it will be dry in the north.
It is presumed that General Oku is
now advancing to the north by the
way of Fuchau and the coast road,
thus enabling him to obtain provisions
from the sea.
LIAOYAXG, June 2V (Delayed in
transmission.) — The Japanese army
base at Siuyen is evidently strongly
established along a line from Kaichau
to Yentai.
Rumors of a battle northeast of
Kaichau are evidently correct.
The Japanese this week advanced
to a point sixteen miles east of Kai
chau. but retired.
Line from Kaichau to Yental.
Japanese Strongly Established Along
ARMY BASE AT SIUYEN.
to the Japanese.
ST. PETERSBURG, 5\ine 22. — The
Emperor has received the following
dispatch from Vice Admiral Skrydloff,
dated June 21:
"A division of torpedo-boats, under
the command of Captain Venogradsky,
aide de camp of the grand admiral,
which was sent out June 15 on an expe
dition along the coasts of Japan, re
turned to Vladivostok to-day. The
torpedo-boats approached Port Esh-
Ima, near Hakodate, but a fog pre
vented their entrance. Several trad
ing and transport schooners were cap
tured. One schooner was brought to
Vladivostok. The majority of the
schooners w^re conveying fish and rice
to Savebo and Shimonoaeki."
Take Several Schooners Carrying Food
RUSSIANS CAPTURE SUPPLIES.
Facing the plaza is the famous old
Castro mansion and JtLe barracks of
the gay soldiers of the time of Carlos
III. full of color and rich ro.nance.
It was here that Helen Hunt Jackson
went, bent upon laying the scene of
"Ramona" In the sleepy village of San
Juan. But a misunderstanding led th3
chipper old lady — Mrs. Flynn by name,
she who guards the old Castro home —
to impugn the motives or the loved
writer, and the negotiations ended.
Else would San Juan Bautista to-day
be famous and the crop of Ramonas
nearer home. For which -later service
we may be, thankful, for there are Hara
enough among us now.
Senator Joseph R. Knowland. presi
dent of the league, who has done more
for the safeguarding of the landmarks
of the State than any other Califor
nlan. will go down on Friday, if lt.be
possible that he can leave town, ac
companied by a party of Interested
friends, who will be earnest spectators
of this quaint ceremony of a century's
standing.
After the church service a Mexican
dinner will be spread in the plaza, or
if the sun be too hot in the rambling
rooms off the corridor. And at night
the gultara will tinkle and the dance
be on.
When to-morrow's sun rises over the
gables of the Gabilans and looks down
over the valley of the San Benlto, pil
grimages will have been begun from
every village and farmhouse in the
country round about, wending their
way over the gray roads that thread
the valley, focusing In the great plaza
of ojd San Juan. To-morrow will be
San Juan's day — San Juan Bautista's —
and in the blessed old mission reared in
his honor when the West was young
will a fascinating service be held. And
for days past old Father Closa, almost
a relic himself of the pastoral days,
will don the vestments brought into
the country a century ago by Junlpero
Serra and chant the mass that for 107
years has been sung on this day and on
this spot uninterruptedly.
It wav one hundred and seven years
ago on June 24 that the first pilgrim
age was made into- the valley of the
San Benlto by a motley crowd of sol
diers, muleteers and Indians, under the
guidance of Padres Lasuen, Martiarena
and Catala.
Under the shade of a spreading oak
tree a temporary shrine was erected,
a crude cross thrust -into the poppy
field and a trio of bells flung over the
branches of a neighboring oak tree.
In this Bimple fashion the mission was
established and named in honor of San
Juan, whose natal day it was.
A few months later a temporary
chapel of wood was erected, with a.
mud roof, which In 1800 was replaced
with the fine old structure whose tile
covered corridor is to-day a thing of
beauty.
It is in this old sanctuary flooded with
memories of the past that Father Closa
will chant the service of the church and
tell in his soft CastUian tones the story
of the day. And his hearers— many of
whom were baptized by him, and their
children's children likewise — foregather
here, partly In honor of the old priest
who for forty years has stood at his
post in the deserted village. When he
passes well they know that the old
sanctuary will no longer be the scene
of weekly service— the village being too
poor to- yield support to a successor.
For forty years, when the winter
rains are threatening, the old padre
has clambered up into the attic of his
loved church and with his own hands
patched holes that the passing year,
had made. But now he's old — far too
old for climbing: and for heavy labor.
But last year saw him at his annual
tour over the roof. There was no one
else to do it — no one else who cared.
But the Landmarks League has
hopes of taking from the old friar his
hea\'y burden that the mission may not
suffer as did its sister missions farther
south. But when? The public alone
can solve that.
By Laura Bride Powers.
Siung Yo Shan is twenty-five miles
southeast of Kaichou.
To-Morrow the One Hundred
and Seventh Anniversary
of Founding of Mission
PLAN TO VISIT
OLD SAN JUAN
Secretary Hay suspecting, as does
Admiral Chadwick, that the Sultan is
not acting in good faith, decided not to
mince words. He instructed Consul
Gumraerc at Tangier to inform the Sul
tan that the United States wanted
••Perdicaris alive or Raissouli dead,"
and that -without too much delay. The
continued presence of the American
r.f^t is a sort of "nuff sed" addition to
this curt message.
Admiral Chadwick makes no mention
ct holding a force in readiness to land.
<_>n the contrary he advises against any
forcible demonstration at this moment.
He evidently believes such action would
only increase the prevailing unrest
ashore. It is supposed the Sultan's
laxity is due to some political Intrigue.
It was never intended to send the bat
tleship squadron now en route for
Piraeus to Tangier. •
"WASHINGTON. June 22.—"Perdica
ris alive or Raissouli dead" Is the de
mand Secretary Hay has made upon
the Bultan of Morocco. That ruler is in
high disfavor now with the Washington
Government. Rear Admiral Chadwick.
commanding the American naval forces
at Tangier, has cabled that negotiations
for the release of Perdicaris and his
British stepson. Cromwell Varley, are
rot progressing satisfactorily. They
are etill held captives, and one obstacle
replaces another in the way of a suc
cessful exchange of the ransom for
their liberty.
Er«dal XM»p«.teh to The C*ll.
Washington Officials Think
That Moorish Ruler Is
Acting in Bad Faith and
Send Him Sharp Message
When he perceived that Hudspeth
was familiar with the case Thomas
grew suspicious and beat a, hasty re
treat from the shooting gallery. Huds
peth followed him down Grant avenue
and at the corner of Geary street Tie
met Patrolmen Brady and Duffy and
related the strange tale to them.
The policemen arrested Thomas and
took him to the City Prison. There he
gave the name of George Clare, and
later that of Henry Clay. When first
arrested he said he was John Thomas
of Seattle and that he had never been
in Denver in his life.
He was closely questioned at the City
Prison, but gave an evasive answer to
every interrogation, refusing to tell
where he came from or where he re
sided. When the mention of the murder
of the two policemen in Denver was
made the prisoner grew deathly pale
and became nervous, clutching at the
iron railing for support.
His name was placed on the detinue
book and he will be held until the local
police communicate with the Denver
authorities and find out further facts
regarding the case. The prisoner is
supposed to be either the man who did
the shooting or else a "pal" of one
Llewellyn, who was a noted bad man
of Denver at the time the crime was
committed and who the police authori
ties believed firedthe fatal shot.- - < -
Thomas is a man between 35 and 40
years old. He is about 6 feet 9 inches
in height and weighs about 190 pounds.
He wears a mustache and his
hair is of the same hue. He looks like
a typical criminal and his manner de
notes the bad man. His face bears a
dissipated look Rnd from all appear
ances he is a degenerate whom the
casual observer would pick out for a
criminal at first sight.
The mysterious and brutal murder
of Patrolmen Griffin and Griffiths by
notorious thugs in Denver in 1898 may
be cleared up in this city by the arrest
last evening of one John Thomas, alias
George Clare, alias Henry Clay.
Thomas let drop some remarks
in a shooting gallerv which were over
heard by James Hudspeth, a negro, and
were reported to the police.
The story is a strange one and savors
of an old-time detective plot. The ne
gro was in a shooting gallery on Grant
avenue, near Geary street, and hap
pened to make several bullseyes.
Thomas was standing near by and
casually remarked that "the negro was
a good shot.
"Yeir, I shoot very well at times,"
said Hudspeth.
"Well, that may be." said Thomas,
"but you are not a marker to an old
pal of mine. He dropped two coppers
in Denver one night and it waa a
pretty piece of work."
This statement was so bold and came
with such suddenness that Hudspeth
was interested. He was a resident of
Denver at the time and knew the facts
of the case thoroughly. He gradually
drew Thomas into conversation, and
the latter made some startling admis
sions.
NEGOTIATIONS ARE
NOT SATISFACTORY
The men responded heartily.
The general also addressed the regi
ments which especially distinguished
themselves in the recent lighting, and
presented the St. George's cross to 250
officers and men who, were drawn up
on the platform of the railroad station
and gave the commander In chief a
hearty send-off.
Kuropatkin stood on the steps of his
train as it moved out and waved a
farewell to the troops.
The reports of the Japanese treat
ment of prisoners and wounded are
marked by extraordinary contradic
tions. ' ; • *
In some cases the greatest kindness
has been shown to the Russians, i but
from elsewhere come reports of bru
tality and worse. One case is cited
in which the Japanese during the
fighting, seeing the Russian wounded
on the field, sent Chinese bearers and
had them removed to a hospital.
KAICHOU, Liaotung Peninsula, June
22. — Japanese scouts have appeared two
miles from Seonchen (Slung Yo Shan).
The main columns of the enemy are
three miles in their rearl General
Samsonoff, with the rear guard. Is
falling back as the Japanese advance.
A number of men missing after the
battle of Vafangow have rejoined their
regiments. - The Russian losses are ex
pected to total 3500. The troops are in
excellent condition, in spite of the fear
ful ¦ weather. The. roads are ankle
deep in mire, but the rains are now
ceasing.
General Kuropatkin arrived here on
Monday, Inspected General Stakelberg's
command and addressed the troops,
saying:
"I shall see you soon again. We must
settle with the Japanese promptly. Till
then we are not going home."
TOKIO, June 22.— A division of the
army under General Oku occupied
Hsiungyaicheng, twenty-five miles
southwest of Kaiting, yesterday with
out opposition.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 22.— The
imminence of a battle in the northern
part of the Liaotung peninsula is ad
mitted by the War Office.
The week of skirmishing around Siu
yen retarded General Kuroki's opera
tions, permitting General Stakelberg to
reach Kaiplng, the rear guards Blowly
falling back on Senucben before the
Japanese advance.
Meanwhile large forces are hurrying
south from Liaoyang to check both
General Oku and General Kuroki.
It Is believed here that General Ku
ropatkin's object is to prevent a Junc
ture of the Japanese armies. On the
other hand, the aim of the Japanese*
apparently Is to drive the Russians out
of the Liaotung peninsula preparatory
to a march on Liaoyang. The approach
of the rainy season will more than
likely precipitate matters.
Nothing is known officially of the re
ported occupation of Hsiungyaicheng
(Hslungyaochenz or Slyoungcheng) by
Japanese. If the report should be cor
rect it agrees substantially with the
Japanese plan of advance as it Is un
derstood here, but it indicates that the
Japanese outposts are farther forward
than Russian advices indicate.
The Russian rear guard is now at
Seuchen. General Kuroki's advance
along the roads from Siuyen, leading
respectively to Halcheng, Tachechou
and Kaichou, is being warmly contest
ed by General Kuropatkin's outposts.
The column heading for Kaichou Is the
farthest advanced, but is still thirty
miles distant. General Kuroki's move
ments betray a tendency to go south
and Join General Oku. Kuroki's out
posts are fortifying the pass between
Saimatsza and Kwandianslan.
Remark in Shooting Gallery
May Lead to Conviction
of Desperate Assassins
Russians Admit Imminence
of Battle in Northern Part
of Liaotung.
Kuropatkin Visits Troops
at Kaichou and Addresses
Regiments.
Instructs American Consul
at Tangier to Demand of
Him Perdicaris Alive or
Bandit Raissouli Dead
NEGRO POINTS HIM OUT
General Samsonoff Falling
Back Before Advance of
the Japanese.
Police Capture a Man Sup
posed to Be Implicated
in Old Denver Mystery
Division of Mikado's Men
Under Oku Occupies
Haiungyaicheng.
Chinese Report Sinking of
Two Russian Torpedo-
Boat Destroyers.
Say They Struck Mines at
Entrance to Harbor of
Port Arthur.
TOKIO. June 22. — The Japanese cap
tured a Junk leaving Port Arthur yes
terday, June 21, and the Chinamen on
board says that a few days ago two
Russian torpedo-boat destroyers, and
the steamer Shin Taiping struck mines
at the entrance to the harbor and sank.
One hundred and forty lives were lost
according to their account.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 22.— It is
not betraying Vice Admiral Skryd
loff's plans to say that important naval
developments are imminent in the Far
East
The Admiralty has no news of the re
ported loss of two Russian torpedo-boat
destroyers oft* Port Arthur. latest
dispatch from the commander of the
naval forces at Port Arthur, dated
June 17, reports all well there.
The British Embassador, Sir Charles
Hardinge. is not presenting a protest
against the seizure of the British col
lier Allanton by the Russian Vladi
vostok squadron in view of the Rus
sian declaration that coal is contraband
of war and owing to the irregularity
of the ship's papers. .
MURDERER MAY
BE IN TOILS
GENERAL KUR0PATKIN IS HURRYING HIS FORCES
SOUTH FROM LIAOYANG IN THE HOPE OF BEING
ABLE TO PREVENT JUNCTURE OF JAPANESE ARMIES
HAY SENDS
ULTIMATUM
TO SULTAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 1904.
Men who go to law are sure to set
satisfaction— if they are lawyers.
NEW YORK, June 22.— At a meeting
here of the association of the descend
ants of Andrew Warde. prominent in
the early history of Connecticut, It has
been decided to erect a memorial to the
founder of the family in America at
Fairfleld. Conn. Many prominent per
sons are connected with the associa
tion, of which Edward Trumbull Warde
of Santa Barbara, Cal.; is president and
General Joseph Wheeler one of the or
ganizers.
Will Erect a Memorial to Warde.
A chance for a delightful river excursion will
be afforded on Sunday, Jun» £6. Steasnsr
Modoc •will leave -wharf next to Kerry Ptwt
offlce. San Francisco, at 7:30 a. m for Rio
Vista. Round trip ticket $1. A fln» orchestra
In attendance on steamer and meals served oa
board. Ask Southern Pacific agents. • : •
River Excursion to Rio Vista.
of .the room where the woman lay
•writhing in agony was her 3-year-old
child playing in the sand, entirely ob
livious of the tragedy upstairs. The
woman was removed to the Central
Emergency Hospital in the ambulance
and Dr. Boskowitz put forth every en
deavor to save her life.
All his efforts, however, were futile,
and the young woman died at 1:30
this morning.
Mrs. Pence was the daughter of Au
gustus Williams, a well-known coal
dealer at 1133 Mission street. She had
been married four years and is a partic
larly attractive woman. She had often
spoken of ending her life for no appar
ent reason and every publication of
self-destruction in the newspapers
seemed to prey upon her mind. After
the suicide of Mollle Gordon, with
whom Mrs. Pence was very Intimate,
she continually dwelt upon the subject.
According to the husband there was no
marital infelicity and their . domestic
life was most happy.
3
DK PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Backed op by over a third of a ceatarj
«rf remarkable a=d uniform cares, a record
•ucli as co other reaedy for th« diseases
aad weaknesses pecnliar to women evex
attained, the proprietors and makers of
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription now feel
felly warranted in offering to t>ay $500 in
legal money for any case of Leucorrhea,
Friaale Weakness, Prolapsus, or Falling of
V.'ocab, which they cannot care. All they
ssx is a fair and reasonable trial of then
means of enre.
Very often a married woman or rocng
girl do;s not know who to tern to for ad-
vice in circumstances where she dislikes to
talk with the family physician about deli-
cate matters. At snch tiaes write to Dr.
R. V. Pierce, chief consulting: physician tc
the Invalids' Hotel and SuTgical Institute,
of Eu5a!o, N. Y., for free coasnltation and
advice, ssu th« r.axae will be held as ea-
k credly confidential. It is foolish to consult
n-omrn friends cr persons without medical
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription con-
tains co alcohol, is entirely vegetable and
vrss the first exclusively woman's tonic en
the laarket — it fcas sold more largely in
th- past third of a csctary than any other
medicine for wotn?n.
All other compounds intended for woatn
or!y are made with alcohol, or alcohol is a
iarye component— this alcohol injures the
nerves. The little red corpuscles of the
blood are shrunken by alcohol. All tad.
cospouads, therefore, do bans. /
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets inrigorat:
the stomach, lirer and bowels. Use then:
with the "Favorite Prescription" when a
•pill is required. One is a laxative, two, z
raild cathartic.
The one means of raising
the grade of trade is good
goods — Schilling's Best
tm. kaUafwpawdw aplcai
ccCta ttk-mnmt • xtntti MtU
Your grocer's ; moneyback.
! SOCIETY WRECKED HER LIFE.
fe^^^^^^^a Tired, Nervous, Aching, Trcm-
¦^^^ t^^m^m bHng, Sleepless, Bloodless.
l^!B^g||^ Pe-runa Renovates, Regulates,
A Pretty New York Woman's
Recovery the Talk of Her
Mrg - J \ E - Flnn - * 3 East KIgJi street,
B^^^^^S^^*^Y^*t^^^ PerUna Medlcfne Co - Columbus. Ohio.
==^§lJi§^ i J5Bt^K|S^rajff^ l< $ t Gentlemen: — "A fetv years ago
i'if aa * *° & ZZi U P S0Cza Z lif e entirely,
f ! \ cu m y health was completely broken
,ii \ down. The doctor advised a com-
' Pleie rest for a year. As this was
gan to look for some other means of
==^v-3X.^^^^^^^^^g^i^ on excellent tonic, so I bought a hot-
=^^^^^^^^^^ e *° see u 'hat it would do for me,
' and it certainly took hold of my
;^^j^jS!S^^ > system and rejuvenated me, and in.
fi TVTPS t-»~iT**\ TV &!l T. tes* than two months I was in per-
nYM^. i i.A !r" JTJ-ln *4\ * health, and now when I feel
J X-Sj^xUry/^r^A^^^fj^ I worr ' oui or tired a dose or two of
I jPT^' n/%J>Jt\\\ *"^£J Peruna is all that fneed."—Afrs.
KjjCj)/ tS|? \(lnj\ J ' E ' Fin7U
)^*i§flr ' \ xili v^i Mr "' J ' R *y nolds « Elkton. Ohio.
\^Jr ** "I owe my health and life to Peruna.
We rarely call In a physician, in fact It
• _ c«/-i*»*« has bee n years since I have taken any
in rjociei} other medicine than yours. I am afraid
A woman in society is obliged to keep of .drugs, and although I have been sick
late hours. She must attend reception.
and balls. She seldom allows herseir a h ave a very large house and entertain a
quiet evening at home. Her whole time great deal and I do all my own work.
is taken up in keeping engagements or J^fJ* 3 to 'Peruna."— Mrs. J. W. Rey-
entertaining In her own home.
Her system becomes completely run Free Treatment for Women.
down as a consequence. She soon finds Any woman ,rt snms t o be placed on
herself in a condition known as sys- the list of Dr. JIartman'3 patients for
temlc catarrh. This has also been called free home treatment and advice should
catarrhal nervousness. Immediately send name and symptoms.
If every society woman could know duration of disease and treatment al-
the value of Peruna at such 3. time, if ready tried. Directions for the first
they could realize the Invigorating, month's treatment will be promptly
strengthening effect that Peruna would mailed free of charge. Xo free medicine
have, how much misery could be will be supplied by the doctor, but all
avoided. necessary directions will be furnished.
Letters from society women all over Read what the above ladies have to
the United States testify to the fact that say of Peruna as a cure for these cases.
Peruna Is the tonic for a run down, de- Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
pleted nervous system. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
Genuine : Wp^ H
Panamas'
5j Sketched from life ; "'5^$*^^W^* So. The exclusive hatters li
Hpfl • •*'¦ Sain6 cjuniity. ( {- 1
M* In our several years of business we have never sold such an out- pi
t£| and-out value in Panamas for the money. 254
ga . They are all blocked and trimmed and ready to be worn. (1
15a Optimo shape, as pictured on the left. ' ' *-"]
tq Optimo shape, with four dents in the crown. II
fig Fedora shape, as pictured on the right. U
Kl Telescope shape, with crown creased In circular form. fj
|SJ Any of these shapes for 85- f j
H Mail orders filled — urite for Panama catalogue. fjMr. Bingham offered a substitute, as
follows: •
"That the representation from Ha
waii shall be two delegates, provided
that this shall not impair the right and
privilege of the delegates already seat
ed In this convention."
On this the first roll call of the con
vention occurred." Senator Foraker
moved to amend the substitute by In
cluding in it Alaska, Arizona and New
Mexico. The motion was not enter
tained, as the roll call had been or
dered.
There was considerable confusion on
the floor and the chairman rapped
vainly for order.
"It's the delegates who are making
the noise," was called out to the chair
man.
"All right," responded Mr. Cannon,
"I guess the delegates can have dis
order as long as they want It."
When Illinois was reached Senator
Cullom requested that it be passed, as
the delegation was somewhat divided.
After a few States had voted Illinois
announced that It was ready with 34
votes for the substitute and 20 against.
As Senator Cullom announced the vote
the band In the gallery, getting a wrong
cue from fome source, commenced to
play, to the great amusement of the
Delegate McKinley of California fa
vored the Foraker amendment in a
brief speech.
Chairman Bingham explained that
the 'Hawaiian question was seriously
considered by the committee. The
Alaskan delegation had been increased
from four to six because Alaska had
been, represented in national conven
tions for many years, and, besides, had
poured many millions of gold into the
country. In defense of the committee
he maintained that it had acted in ab
solute fairness. At this the six eagle
capped totem poles of the Alaska dele
gation went Into the air and the dele
gation let off a round of cheers.
BINGHAM'S SUBSTITUTE.
Mr. Babcock withdrew In favor of
Senator Foraker, who took the plat
form.
It was now too late, he said, to say
that this change was making a pre
cedent. Hawaii was a Territory; the
other Territories had six delegates, and
Hawaii was as Justly entitled to. six
delegates as the other Territories.
When the convention was called it
would be then time to change the rep
resentation if it is deemed desirable.
Representative Babcock followed.* He
stated as a member of the committed
on rules that all six of the Hawaiian
delegates had been seated in the con
vention and given two votes. Porto
Rico had been treated in like manner.
If the convention was to seriously con
sider the amendment he proposed to
offer another— to grant the District of
Columbia six delegates and also to
increase the representation of Wis
consin.
""" Senator Hopkins was recognized in
opposition to the amendment. He cau
tioned the convention not to be carried
away with enthusiasm on this occa
sion. He had as much admiration for
Hawaii as any one, but the people
there should receive no better treat
ment, in his judgment, than the people
of Illinois or New York. The islands
have a population of only 150.000 people,
and .to adopt the amendment would be
to give them a larger representation
than in the States. He would prefer
cutting down the representation from
the Territories to increasing them. The
time might come. If a precedent were
established toward Increasing the rep
resentation, when the Territories might
dictate the candidate for the Presi
dency.
Representative Babcock of Wiscon
sin was recognized, although Senator
Foraker of Ohio and J. W. McKinley
of California were demanding to be
heard.
"Gentlemen of the convention of the
Republican party," he said, "there
seems to be an impression on the part
of some that Hawaii is not a Terri
tory. I wish to call their attention to
the fact that Hawaii Is on the map of
the United States and is now one of
its possessions. God grant the occa
sion may not arise, but if war comes
in the Pacific the Sandwich Islands
will be necessary to the American
people, and Hawaii will not be found
wanting."
OPPOSES AMENDMENT.
Senator Foraker suggested that Gov
ernor Carter of Hawaii, who was on
the platform, be heard from. With
some excitement Governor Carter
dashed to the front of the platform.
Many delegates began leavincr the
hall after Mr. Cannon's speech. Finally
Mr. Cannon rapped for order and called
for the report of the committee on
rules, which was presented by General
Bingham. General Bingham, (n pre
senting the report, stated that the
committee >ad adopted the rules of the
Fifty-eighth Congress, when not Incon
sistent with the rules of the conven
tion.
At the suggestion of Senator Cullom
of Illinois the reading of the report
was discontinued.
Senator Foraker of Ohio offered the
following amendment:
"Resolved, That the report of the
committee on rules be amended so as
to allow six delegates ' from Hawaii
with six votes in co-formity with her
sister Territories of Arizona, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Indian Territory
and Alaska."
As Cannon uttered the words "good
by" at the close of his address tht del
egates rose, cheered and waved hats,
flags and handkerchiefs. The chairman
paid but little heed to the applause
after one bow as he closed, but return
ing quickly to his seat entered upon
the "work of the convention. The band
played "The Star Spangled Banner,"
the delegates and spectators rising.
There was a stay In the proceedings
after the close of Mr. Cannon's speech,
while Mr. Root and others on the plat
form crowded around the chairman to
thank him for his speech. Mr. Cannon
remained apparently oblivious to the
demonstration. The band drifted into
a medley of popular airs, the cheering
stopped and there was a hiatus of some
minutes.
A hearing more quiet, but equally
flattering, was given Mr. Cannon when
he entered upon the solid matter of his
address.
cheer cut him oft for a full minute,
and then he was allowed to proceed. ;
Lautrtiter greeted him as he said:
"For the first time In my Mfe I have
written enough sentences at'pne time
to make 2500 words to say to £ou to
day. I tried hard to commit it to mem
ory, but I cannot- Now." he" continued,
"we vrill begin to ramble."
CANNON PROVOKES APPLAUSE.
We have extended widely our foreign markets, and we
believe in the adoption of all practicable, methods for
their further extension, ¦ including commercial reciprocity
wherever reciprocal arrangements can be effected, . con
sistent with the. principles of protection without injury to
American agriculture, American labor or any American
industry.
We helleve it to be the duty of the Republican party to
uphoklf the gold standard and the integrity and'value of
our national currency. ' The maintenance of the gold
standard, established by the Republican party, cannot
safely be committed to the Democratic party, which re
sisted Its adoption and has never given any proof since
that time of belief In it. or fidelity to It.
TO. UPBUILD- THE MERCHANT MARINE.
While every other 'industry has prospered under the
fostering aid of Republican legislation, American ship
ping engaged In foreign trade , In competition with the
low cost Qf construction, low wages and heavy subsidies
of foreign governments, has not for many years received
from the Government of the United States adequate en
couragement of any kind. We therefore favor legislation
which will encourage and build up the American mer
chant marine and we cordially approve the legislation
of the last Congress which created the Merchant Marine
Commission to Investigate and report- upon this subjest.
A navy powerful enough to defend the United States
against any attack, to uphold tfce" Monroe doctrine and
to watch over our commerce is essential to the safety
and the welfare of the American people. To maintain
such a navy is the fixed policy of the Republican »party.
t We cordially approve the attitude of President Roose
velt and Congress in regard to the exclusion of Chinese
labor and promise a continuance of the Republican pol
icy in that direction.
The civil service law was placed on the statute books
by the Republican partyT which has always sustained It,
and we renew our former declarations that it shall be
thoroughly and honestly enforced. '-
We are always mindful of the country's debt to the
soldiers and sailors of the United States, and we" believe
in making ample provision for them and In the liberal
administration of the tension laws.
We favor the peaceful settlement of international dif
ficulties by arbitration.
PROTECTION OP AMERICANS ABROAD.
We commend the vigorous efforts made by the admin
istration to protect American citizens in foreign lands
and pledge ourselves to insist upon the Just and equal
protection of all our citizens abroad. It Is the unques
tioned duty of the Government to procure for all our
' citizens, without distinction, the rights of travel and so
journ in friendly countries, and we declare ourselves in
favor of all proper efforts tending to that end.
Our great interests and our growing commerce In the
Orient render the condition of China of high importance
to the United States. We cordially commend the policy
-pursued in that direction by the administrations of Pres
ident McKinley and President Roosevelt.
We favor such Congressional action as shall determine
whether, by special discrimination, the elective franchise
in any State has been unconstitutionally limited and, if
such is the case, we demand that representation in Con
gress and In the electoral college shall be proportionately
reduced, as directed by the constitution of the United
States. . •¦
RIGHTS OF CAPITAL AND LABOR.
Combinations of capital and of labor are the results
of the economic movement of the age, but. neither must
be permitted to infringe upon the rights and interests of
the people. Such combinations, when lawfully formed
for lawful purposes, are alike entitled to the protection
of the laws, but both are subject to the laws and neither
can be permitted. to break them.
<The great, statesman and patriotic American, William
McKinley. who was re-elected by the Republican party
to the Presidency four years ago, was assassinated Just
at the' threshold of his second term. The entire nation
mourned his untimely death and did that Justice to his
great qualities of mind and character which history will
confirm and repeat.
The American people were fortunate in his successor,
to whom they turned with a trust and confidence which
have been fully Justified. President Roosevelt brought
to the great responsibilities thus sadly forced upon him
a clear head, a brave heart, an earnest patriotism and
high Ideals of public duty and public Bervlce. True to the
principles of the Republican party, he also/showed him
self ready for every emergency and has met new and
vital questions with ability and with success.
The confidence of the people in his Justice, Inspired by
his public career, enabled him to render personally an In
estimable service to the country by bringing about a set
tlement of the coal strike, which threatened such dis
astrous results at the opening of the winter of 1902.
MONROE DOCTRINE VINDICATED.
Our foreign policy under his administration has not
only been able, vigorous and dignified, but in the highest
degree successful. The complicated questions which
arose in Venezuela were settled in such a way by Pres
ident Roosevelt that the Monroe doctrine was signally
vindicated and the cause of /peace and arbitration greatly
advanced. .
His prompt and vigorous action In Panama, which we
commend in the highest terms, not only secured to us
the canal route, but avoided foreign complications which
might have been of a very serious character. He has
continued the policy of President McKinley in the Ori
ent and our position In China, signalized by our recent
commercial treaty with that empire, has never been so
high.
He secured the tribunal by which the vexed and peril
ous question of the Alaskan boundary was finally set
tled. ,
. Whenever crimes against humanity have been perpe
trated which have shocked our people his protest has
been made and our good offices have been tendered, but
always with due regard to International obligations.
Under his guidance we find ourselves at peace with
all the world and never were more respected or our
wishes more regarded by foreign nations.
DOMESTIC POLICY EQUALLY SOUND.
Pre-eminently successful In regard to our foreign re
lations, he has been equally fortunate In dealing with
domestic questions. The country has known that the
public credit and the national currency were absolutely
safe in the hands of his administration. In the enforce
ment of the laws ' he has shown not only courage, but
the wisdom which understands that to permit laws to be
violated or disregarded opens the door to anarchy, while
the Just enforcement of the law Is the soundest con
servatism. He hiuf held firmly to the fundamental Amer
ican doctrine that all men must obey the law, that there
may be no distinction between rich and poor, between
strong and weak, but that Justice and equal protection
under the law must be secured to every citizen, without
regard to race, creed or condition.
\ His administration has .been thorough, vigorous and
honorable, high-minded and patriotic. We commend it
without reservation to the considerate Judgment of the
American people.
Protection of American Industries, a:Stable Currency
and the Upbuilding of Our Merchant
. / Marine Are Pledged.
Only Contest of Day's Session Arises on Question
of Representation of Territories and
Is Soon Settled.
SPEAKER CANNON OFFICIALLY
ASSUMES CHAIR AND IS GIVEN
VERY DEMONSTRATIVE GREETING
REPUBLICAN PLATFORM DECLARES
FOR CONTINUANCE OF THE POLICY
THAT HAS PROSPERED THE NATION
ENTHUSIASM GROWS AS THE CONVENTION SETTLES DOWN TO SERIOUS WORK
PACIFIC COAST DELEGATIONS
I CALL ON SENATOR FAIRBANKS
AND PLEDGE THEIR SUPPORT
Wife of the Future Vice President of the Nation
Promises to Pay a Visit to the Land
of Fruit and Flowers.
Continued From Pago 1, Column 7.
cheers for each of them are still rinz
in.ar in their ears.
The delegates are preparing to make
hurried exit from Chicago. . Governor
Pardee will leave to-morrow with his
family for St. Louis. The delegates
will wait Just lang enough to hear
Knight's speech. Then, for them, the
convention will lose interest.
To-night Secretary Steppacher had
all the wines and fruits that remained
at headquarters distribute^ among the
various delegations. These gifts of
luxuries from the Golden State were
appreciated beyond measure.
when they had departed Mrs. Fair
banks was wearing a Californlan badge
and had given her promise to visit the
Western State as soon as the approach-
Ing campaign shall have become a
matter of history.
Delegates Porter, Ruef and Country
man were guests to-night at a banquet
tendered by Lodge No. 39 of the Boiler
makers' and Iron Ship Builders' Union.
They report a merry time and the three
ST. PATRICK'S PARISH
HOLDS PICNIC TO-DAY
KEITH GETS JUDGMENT FOR
. UNPAID BILLS OF EXCHANGE
Suit Against Schwartz, Lowe A Co.
Decided hi Plaintiffs Favor for
Full Amount.
A Judgment for the plajntlff In the
sum of $19,206 73 was rendered yes
terday by Judge Seawell in the case
of Minor C. Keith against Ansel M.
Eastern, Samuel Schwartz. William
Schwartz and L. Leon Lowe, doing
business as Schwartz. Lowe & Co. In
San Francisco and Costa Rica, Central
America.
Keith contended that he had given the
sum named in the course of two years
to the defendants at their place of
business at the city of San Jose, Costa
Rica. He had received bills of ex
change payable by the firm in New
York and the first one for $3000 was
transferred to Iloadley & Co. and the
National Park Bank at New York, but
upon demand the defendants refused
payment on it. Between November
5, 1S98, and November 12, four more
bills of exchange were received by him
in the. sums of $5000, $3000, $3960
and $4246 73 and none of these was
paid.
Keith sued the firm of Schwartz.
Lowe & Co., who answered that the
partnership in Costa Rica had been
dissolved in June, 1897. and while the
members named were doing a business
together, it was only a casual partner
ship and no partnership liabilities
were created. They alleged that L.
Leon Lowe was their manager In Cos
ta Rica and that the bills of exchange
were delivered by him without their
knowledge or consent. At the time of
the dissolution of partnership the
debts of the concern were, it was said,
assumed by L. L. Lowe and A. M.
Easton and Lowe later made a settle
ment with his creditors. The court
holds that the firm is responsible for
the unpaid bills of exchange which
were drawn in the firm's name.
nEARING COMMENCED FOR
DISTRIBUTION OF ESTATE
Three Special Trains Will Carry Mer»
rymakers to the Rendezvdus
at Sunset Park.
The women and children of St. Pat
rick's Parish, Rev. P. J. Cummings.
pastor, will enjoy a picnic to Sunset
Park, Santa Cruz Mountains, to-day.
Of course there will be men along,
but at a picnic they do not count.
Three special trains will leave the
ferry building at 9:05, -9:10 and 9:15
and a great crowd Is expected. Tha
following have the picnic in charge:
General committee — James Smith, chairman;
Eugene F. Lacy, secretary; Rev. P. J. Cum
min*, treasurer; Rev. SI. J. Barry, master of
ceremonies.
Committee cf arrangements — Thomas
O" Brian. John O'Brien. W. T. Flynn. John
Coffee. T. Cleary, F. Sullivan M. P. CorTi
dan. J. Devlnney. J. J. Kllbride. J. T. Mc-
Kntee. Tim Regan, O. Dougherty. M. Lacey,
Jame« Barry. P. Prunty, John Hughes. W«
Fitzgerald. James Hughes. Miss Nellie U'Brteii
Miss ¦ K. Cantrell. Miss M. Klndergan. M-.s*
Gertie Cronan. Miss A. Glover. Mlsa M. Had
elln. Mlsa Catharine Finn. Miss Lillian
Hughes, JIIr» Nellie Sheehey. Mlas May King
ston.
Conunltte* on games — J. J. Barry (chair
man). R. Kingston, J. Kinch. M. P. L'orrl
dan. Dr. J. J. Kinewell. Jerry O'ivary. J.
Hugh**. Tames Mullen. J. Gre«n W. T. Klynn,
John O'Brien. Mlch#rl Boden. S. Hughes. A\.
Branniiran, W. Fitzgerald. J. Dougherty. W.
Christmas.
Floor manager, Eugene F. Lary: assistant
floor manager. MIsm Lillian Hughes.
Floor committee — Miss Nellie 6h«ehey. Mis»
M. Radelin, Miss Lillian Byrnes. Mlsa G. Sul
livan, Miss E. Canning. Miss A. Kerr. Joseph
J. Monahan. Walter Hancock. James Hughes.
Dennis P. Casey W. T. Creslln.
Reception committee — John O'Brien tchair
man), John Hennessey. John Cronan. J. Mc-
Entee, D. Barry, W, Sullivan, j. Mulhern. J.
Dempsejj O. Dougherty, Ignatius Kpit. Thomas
Trodden. John Howe. J. Kegan. P. MuUvtre.
K. McCarthy. M. Brown. XV. O'Dea. Thomas
Leach Steve Littleton, M. Kilday. Tim Kegan.
John Tehaney. R. J. McKlein. J. J. KUbride.
M. J. Dempscy. Mrs. T. ft Sullivan. Miss Nu
nle Sullivan. Mrs. J. Daughney. Miss Gertie
Cronan. Miss Kate Ful'er, Mrs. B. Dougherty
Miss Kittle Hocan, Mrs. M. Kerr. lllxs O.
Halllnan. Miss A. Glover. Miss M. Uariity,
Miss F. McDevitt. Miss N. Tehaney. Mm. J.
Hushes Mr*. Kearney. Mian Minnie Lena,
Miss M. McDermntt. Miss M. Brvslin. Miss M.
Glover. MIms N. Kearnry. Mian M. Short. M -•
Kathleen Robinson. Miss K. McDcrmott. Mis*
Loretta Brady.
INVESTIGATES COMPLAINT
AGAINST GRAY BROTHERS
Two Witnesses Give Evidence as to
Values of Sutro Estate— Trust
Clause Involved.
Judge Coffey's .department of the
Superior Court, which is given over to
the hearing of important matters in
probate, was yesterday occupied with
the taking of evidence in the matter
of the petition of Kate Nusbaum, one
of the heirs, for the partial distribu
tion of the estate of Adolph Sutro.
The contest over the petition In
volves tne validity of the trust clause
In the last testament of the departed
millionaire and brings up points of
more than passing Interest to lawyers
and others interested In dividing the
fortunes of the dead.
Garret McKnerney propounded the
questions in behalf of the petitioner
and James McKinstry queried in be
half of the executors, and other at
torneys associated with both sides
were present.
The witnesses examined * yesterday
were Thomas D. Davidson, an expert
In the employ of the petitioner, who
testified as to incomes, expenditures
and values of the estate, and Mrs. Dr.
Merritt, a daughter of Sutro, who also
gave facts and figures regarding Sutro
Heights and San Mateo Rancho, which
were devised to the trust. The hear
ing will be resumed to-day.
JULY FOURTH COMMITTEE
HAS BUSINESS MEETING
Supervisors' Street Committee Hears
Protests Relative to Excavating
on Telegraph Hill.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday began an investigation of
the complaint of property owners that
Gray Brothers are excavating Tele
graph Hill on Sansome street, near
Green, in violation "of their promise
not to do so. George Gray appeared
before the committee, and said there
was no blasting or quarrying being
done, but that some rock was beinir
taken from their own property with
pick and shovel. Testimony was given
that a house was being undermined
by the excavation. As Gray had been
notified only half an hour before the
meeting, the Inquiry was postponed
for one week on Gray's assurance that
all digging on the hill will be discon
tinued until then.
The Santa Fe Railroad Company
was granted an extension of sixty
days from July 1. 1904. within which
to complete the Nineteenth-street via
duct. Captain A. H. Payson Informed
the committee that' the abutments to
the viaduct had caved in Just as the
last span was built and It would take
some time to repair the damage.
The City Engineer was requested to
investigate a protest against the ac
ceptance of Cedar avenue, between
Octavla and Lag-una streets, on th«
ground that a fence had fallen In ow
ing to the negligence of the con
tractor.
The petition of Edward Maloney for
permission to explode blasts and to
operate a small rock crusher on Sev
enteenth street, between Uranus and
Ashbury, was referred to the City En
gineer to devise plans for the proper
grading of the surrounding land on
the hill.
Two demands for milk furnished the
Children's Playground were held up
pending an Investigation, that- the
price charged is 5 cents a gallon more
than that paid for milk for the City
Hospital.
MUST REPORT ABSENCE
OP EMPLOYES DAILY
y
Plans fop Pnrade, Literary Pro
gramme, Songs, Band Music
* and Fireworks.
The Fourth of j July committee
meeting at the California Hotel yes
terday was called to order ¦ by the
chairman. Colonel Boston. The pa
rade committee reported that Invita
tions had been sent out to all military
organizations. Many people have also
been invited to act as aids. It was an
nounced that ', the Presidio National
Guard troops and Independent Rifles
would participate. ¦¦.*'.'¦:
The literary committee presented
the following programme:
'he fireworks committee will
Overture, orchestra; Invocation; Introductory
remarks. Rev. Father Caraher: music, orches
tra; song by Knickerbocker Quartet. "Stars
and Stripes Forever": Declaration of Inde
pendence, read by I.. F. By In uton; vocal solo.
"My Own United States." Charles E. Hay:
recitation, "Drake's Address to the. Flar."
Mrs. Grace D. Ohnimus; vocal aolo. Miss Annie
Rooney, Star Spangled Banner" ; oration. Judge
Frank J. Murasky; sons; by the Knickerbocker
Quartet, "The Old Flag Forever": vocal solo,
"Sword ot Bunker Hill." -William Joge; "Amer
ica," audience; benediction; music by orches
tra. "----
ve
two errand displays, one at "Washing
ton Square and the other at Eight
eenth and Dolores streets. Band con
certs will be given at several city
parks on the afternoon of the Fourth,
from 2 to 5 o'clock.
The meeting adjourned to Wednes
day, June 29, at S p. m.
The Board of Work3 yesterday di
rected the heads of the departments
under Its control to make daily re
ports of the absence of all employes.
It has been brought to the attention
of the board that employes continually
absent themselves and no record is
kept of their vacations. Some of them
have been on vacations without tho
board's knowledge. \ . ,'„
The application of J. A. Howling to
proceed under private contract with
the bituminlzing of Carl street, be
tween Clayton and Cole, was denied.
The grade of the block exceeds 8 per
cent and no provision has been made
for the construction of a fourteen
foot central strip of basalt block.
S. Merkel was instructed to file a
petition for the construction of a
sewer in Liberty street, between
Church and Sanchez. Contractors
have refused to bid for the work,
owing to a question of grades.
the platform amid prolonged applause.
He moved Its adoption.
Chairman Cannon "put the question
and after a rousing vote in the affirm
ative declared the report carried unan
imously.
Chairman Cannon then advanced to
the far end of the platform and read a
dispatch from Washington giving the
ultimatum of Secretary Hay to the
Moorish Government that this Govern
ment wants either Perdicaris alive or
Itaisfioull dead. The announcement was
received . with wild enthusiasm. The
delegates, • with one accord, jumped to
their feet and voiced their approval
vigorously.;* , ;
The election of members of the Na
tional Republican Committee was the
next" order of business, and Chairman
Cannon expedited business by securing
consent to omit a-roll call. In place of
which the clerk read the recommenda
tions of the various State delegations
for this committee. The Louisiana del
egation secured consent to withdraw
its recommendation until to-morrow.
HONORARY VICE" PRESIDENT.
Honorary vice presidents were then
Children 3Iust Be Vaccinated.
The Supreme Court yesterday reaf
firmed its decision upholding the va
lidity of the vaccination law. The
children of W. D. French of San Dl
cgo were denied admission to the pub-
He schools because they had not been
vaccinated. Their father petitioned
the Supreme Court for a writ of man
date compelling the Superintendent to
admit the children to the school:?
without vaccination, but the appeal ia
denied.
elected in the same manner and while
the reading of these names was In pro
gress many of the spectators left the
hall. '
Senator Gallinger of New Hampshire
was recognized to present a resolution
authorising the National Committee to
fill vacancies in Us membership.
The convention at 3:50, cm motion of
Senator Kean of New Jersey, ad
journed until 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning. v
Chairman Cannon arrested the band,
which had begun to play after adjourn
ment; to announce the meeting at the
Auditorium to-night, at which Senator
Depew, Senator Dolllver and Serfator
Lodge spoke.
: "All are to come, and you will never
have. a 'better trinity to draw to,"
shouted Mr. Cannon, amid laughter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 23/ 1304.
to the rostrum, the platform In his
hand.
Mr. Lodge. read the report of the
committee in a clear, carrying voice
that reached the remotest corner , of
the hall, and commanded close atten
tion. •¦*:..
The first applause which Interrupted
Senator Lodge was caused by the dec
laration that the Republican party had
made possible the Panama canal. ,%
The sentence of the platform declar
ing the party's stand on protection was
applauded and the utterance on revi
sion also called forth a Handclap. . .
The more striking declarations of the
report were quickly recognized and Its
reading was punctuated with approv
ing ripples of handclapping.
This was particularly emphatic on
that ; part of . the resolutions which de
clared In '. favor of a .reduction of the
representation in Congress and . the
electoral college ' of those States where
suffrage has been curtailed. -.¦".-¦
: The names of President McKinley
and President Roosevelt were applaud
ed whenever mentioned in' the plat
form. .. , .¦ .. . •¦*-.. . •
Senator Lodge closed the reading of
The report of the committee was then
adopted amid cheers.. ¦ . - -.»¦'.; "J
Senator Lodge, chairman of the com
mittee on resolutions, then proceeded
REPORT IS ADOPTED.
convention.
The Illinois vote was challenged on a
misunderstanding, and the challenger
withdrew It almost Immediately.
The Territories voted "no"- with the
exception of Oklahoma, which cast two
ayes, and Hawaii, which declined to
vote at all. The vote resulted 497 ayes,
490 noes.
"The substitute Is agreed to," shout
ed the chairman. He then put the vote
on the adoption of the substitute, and
declared the substitute adopted * by a
viva voce vote. '
The Western States voted as follows
on the substitute: California, noes 20;
Colorado, noes 10; Idaho, noes 6; Mon
tana, ayes 4, noes 2; Nevada,- ayes (S;
Oregon, noes' 8; Texas, ayes 1, noes 2;
Utah, ayes 1, noes S; Washington, noes
10; Wyoming, noes 5,. ayes 1; Alaska,
noes 4: Arizona, noes 6; Indian Terrl
toi-y f noes C; New Mexico, noes 6f Okla
homa, ayes 2, noes 4. Hawaii did; not
vote.
But this work cannot safely be committed, to any other
hands than those of the Republican partju To intrust it
to the Democratic party Is to invite disaster. Whether,
as in 1892, the Democratic party declared the protection
law unconstitutional, or whether it demands tariff reform
or tariff revision, its real object Is always the destruction
of the protective system.
However specious the name, the purpose is ever the
same. A Democratic tariff has always been followed by
business adversity; a Republican tariff by business pros-'
perity. To a Republican Congreis and -a Republican
President this great question can be safely intrusted.
When the only free trade country among the great na
tions agitated a return to protection the chief protective
country should not falter In maintaining it.
In this record of achievement during, the last eight
years may be read the pledges which the Republican
party has fulfilled. We propose to continue this prin
ciple and 'we declare our constant adherence to the fol
lowing principles: .
Protection which guards and develops our industries
is a cardinal policy of the Republican party.- The meas
ure of protection should always at least equal the dif
ference in the cost of production at home and abroad.
We insist upon the maintenance of the principles of pro
tection, and, therefore, rates of duty should be readjusted
only when conditions have so changed that the public in
terest demands their alteration.
Our administration df the great departments of the
Government has been honest and efficient and wherever
wrong has been discovered the Republican administra
tion has not hesitated to probe the evil and bring the
offenders to Justice, without regard to party or political
ties. Laws enacted by the Republican party, which the
Democratic party failed to enforce and which were In
tended for the protection of the public against the un
just discrimination or the Illegal encroachment of. vast
aggregations of capital, have been fearlessly enforced
by a Republican President and new laws insuring re
sponsible publicity as to the operation of great corpora
tions and providing additional remedies for the preven
tion of discrimination in freight rates have been passed
by a Republcan Congress.
, RECORD OP PLEDGES FULFILLED.
The possession of a route for an isthmian canal, so
long the dream of American statesmanship, is now an
accomplished fact. The great work of connecting the
Pacific and the Atlantic oceans by a canal Is at last be
gun and it is due to the Republican party. ' .
We have passed laws which will bring the arid lands
of the United States within the area of cultivation.
We have reorganized the army and put it in the high
est state of efficiency.
We have passed laws for the improvement and sup
port of the militia.
We have pushed forward the building of the navy, the
defense and the protection of our honor and our inter
ests. \ • .
ISTHMIAN CANAL NOW UNDER WAY.
The public credit, which had been so lowered that in
time of peace a Democratic administration made large
loans at extravagant rates of interest In order to pay
current expenditures, rose under Republican administra
tion to Its highest point and enabled us to borrow at 2
per cent, even in time of war.
We refused to palter longer with the miseries of Cuba.
We fought a quick and vigorous war with Spain. We
set Cuba free, governed the island for three years and
then gave It to the Cuban people with order restored,
with ample revenues, with education and public health
established, frge from: debt and connected with the United
States by provisions 'for. our mutual, interests.
We have organized the government of Porto Rico and
its people now enjoy peace, freedom, order and pros-"
perity, " . , , . " ,
In the Philippines we have suppressed Insurrection, es
tablished order and given to life and property a security
never before known there. We have organized civil gov
ernment, made it effective and strong in administration
and have conferred upon the people of those islands the
largest civil liberty they have ever enjoyed.
By our possssion of the Philippines we were enabled
to take prompt and effective action In the relief of the
legations at Peking and a. decisive part In preventing the
partition and preserving the Integrity of China.
We firmly established the gold standard, which was
then menaced with destruction. Confidence returned to
business, and, with confidence, an unexampled prosperity.
For deficient revenues, supplemented by improvident
issues of. bonds, we gave the country an Income which
pr6duced a large surplus and which enabled us, only
four years after the Spanish war had closed, to remove
over one hundred millions of annual war taxes, red#ce
the public debt and lower the interest charges of the
Government.
We met these unhappy conditions vigorously, effective
ly and alone. We replaced a Democratic tariff law, based
on free trade principles and garnished with sectional pro
tection, by a protective tariff, and Industry, freed from
oppression and stimulated by the encouragement of wise
laws, has expanded to a degree never before known, has
conquered new markets and has created a volume of ex?"
ports which has surpassed imagination. Under the Ding
ley tariff labor has been fully emplO3 r ed, wages have risen
and all industries have revived and prospered.
GOLD STANDARD FIRMLY ESTABLISHED.
We then found the country, after four years of Dem
ocratic rule, in evil plight, oppressed with misfortune and
doubtful of the future. Public credit had been lowered,
the revenues were declining, the debt was growing, the
administration attitude toward Spain wan feeble and
mortifying, the standard of values was threatened and
uncertain, labor was crippled, business was sunk in the
depression which had succeeded the panic of 1893, hope
was faint and confidence was gone.
The Republican party entered upon Its present period
of complete supremacy in 1897. We have every right to
congratulate ourselves upon the work since then--ac
complished, for it has added luster even to the tradi
tions of the party which carried the Government through
the storms of the Civil War. •
PARTY RECORDS ARE COMPARED.
Fifty years ago the Republican party came Into ex
istence, dedicated among other purposes to the great task
of arresting the extension of human slavery* In 1860 it
elected its first President. During twenty-four . of the
forty-four years which have elapsed since the election of
Lincoln the Republican party has held complete con
trol of the Government. For eighteen more of the forty
four years it has held partial control, through the pos
session of one or two branches of the Government/while
the Democratic party during the same period has had
complete control for only two years. This long tenure
of power by the Republican party Is not flue to chance.
It is a demonstration that the Republican party has com
manded the confidence of the American people for near
ly two generations to a degree never equaled in our his
tory and has displayed a high capacity for rule. and gov
ernment which has been made even more "conspicuous
by the Incapacity and infirmity of purpose shown by its
opponents.
When finally there was a chance for
Mr. Root's voice to be heard he pre
sented Mr. Cannon to the convention as
a man who presided over the greatest
legislative body in the world, "with a
grip so strong, a mind so clear and a
heart so sound that he would wield the
gavel In that body for many years to
come." Another shout went up as Mr.
Root stepped back and Mr. Cannon
stood alone, facing the audience.
As Mr. Cannon turned to the front of
the platform to 'commence his spe?ch
there was another chorus of cheers
and loud cries of "Cannon: "he's all
right!" Then came the usual query of
"Who's all right?" and the ringing an
swer, "Cannon!"
The chairman waited patiently for
the. applause to subside and then, it
being comparatively quiet, said:
"Gentlemen "
That was as far as he went. Another
At 12:22 p. m. Temporary Chairman
Hoot rapped for order, directing the
delegates to take their seats and order
ing the aisles cleared. This latter order
was not obeyed with sufficient celerity
to please the chairman, and he directed
the assistant Eergeant-at-anns to see
that the aisles were cleared. A Eecond
specific direction from the chairman
brought the convention to order.
Chairman Root then introduced Rev.
Thomas E. Cox of the Holy Name
Cathedral of Chicago, who delivered
the invocation.
The report of the committee on cre
dentials was read and adopted by a
viva voce vote.
Senator FoTaker moved that General
Osterhaus. a distinguished German
veteran of the Union army, be given a
scat. The motion was unanimously
adopted and the chair appointed Sena
tor Foraker of Ohio and General Bing
ham of Pennsylvania a committee to
escort General Osterhaus to the plat
form.
At this moment the convention burst
into applause as General Osterhaus
¦was escorted to the platform. Chair
man Root presented him to the con
vention as "Major General Osterhaus,
corps commander of Sherman." The
general made a brief speech, which was
listened to with interest. General Os
terhaus said:
"Permit me to- thank you most hear
tily for the courtesy which permits me
to appear before you. I was present at
the Republican Conventions in 1560 and
1S64, when Abraham Lincoln was nomi
nated, and I bespeak ror the nominee
of this convention the same glorious
success.** »
The chairman then called for the
report of the comnMttee on permanent
organization.
Chairman W. M. Johnson of this
committee advanced to the platform
end read it.
The announcement that Speaker Jo
eeph G. Cannon had been selected for
permanent chairman of the convention
provoked enthusiastic applause.
On motion of Senator Cullom the re
port was adopted.
WARM WELCOME FOR CANNON.
Chairman Root appointed ex-Secre
tary John D. Long, Senator Cullom and
Representative Burton of Ohio a com
mittee to escort Speaker Cannon to the
platform. Upon this announcement the
convention gave a mighty, spontaneous
shout, and when Mr. Cannon appeared
at the speaker's desk and Chairman
Root took him by the hand and led him
forward to the extreme front of the
platform the climax of enthusiasm was
reached. Delegates with one accord
Jumped to their feet and on their
chairs. Cheer after cheer went up and
waves of sound swept over the throng.
The applause continued as the tempo
rary and permanent chairmen contin
ued to stand arm in arm waiting for
silence.
Mr. Root raised his hand for silence.
The cheers went on without cessation
or diminution. Twice more Mr. Root
raised his hand for silence that was
not forthcoming. The delegates were
on their chairs and their enthusiasm
could not be checked.
Mr. Cannon appeared decidedly un
comfortable while the cheering went
on, and shifted about as though the
floor underneath him was hot.
ROOT RAPS FOR ORDER.
CONVENTION HALL. CHICAGO.
June 22.— Although the doors of the hall
v ere opened a half-hour later than yes
terday, for the first twenty-five minute/i
after 11 o'clock the band played to a
rpriBkling of gallery spectators only. A
sea of brown-backed chairs in the gal
lery and mezzanine was broken only
by an occasional dot of black or the
bright Ei>ot of. a woman's gown. Groups
of eergeants-at-arms stood Idly about,
and In the delegates' section a half
dozen men leaned back and read the
morning papers.
It was Just noon when Mr. Root as
cended the platform, which he reached
by the rear entrance. Screened by the
groups of convention officers and oth
ers, he was not seen by the crowd. Yes
terday a huge bunch of pink peonies
graced the chairman's table, but to-day
a. euperb cluster of American Beauty
roses stood ready to greet Mr. Cannon
when he assumed the chair.
The hum cf conversation as the Coli-
Fcum gradually filled had not been
broken by enthusiasm of any charac
ter for some lime. The aisles in the pit
were crowded with standing delegates,
only a portion of their seats being oc
cupled. when at noon the New York
Senators and Governor Odell threaded
their way down the center aisle. A
cheer went up, and the galleries facing
i he main entrance began to applaud.
This had hardly died out when the tall
figure of Senator Fairbanks of Indiana
was caught 6lght of coming down the
aisle to the left. A hearty cheer went
up in that section of the hall. Dele
gates at once sprang to their feet and
more cheers were given. As the Sen
ator reached his 6eat in the Indiana
delegation reservation the ovation was
renewed.
Chairman of the National Committee
Payne. Temporary Chairman Root and
Senator Lodge of the resolutions com
mittee, with the platform in his inside
pocket, held an informal conference on
the platform. Everything for the day's
programme in the way of committee
reports was in readiness. Another shout
was heard to the left, and the pictur
esque Alaskan delegation, with their
totem poles mounted with American
eagles, marched in and took their seats.
At 12:15 o'clock the playing of the
national air brought the assemblage to
its feet. Flags were whipped out in va
rious parts of the hall and waved in
time with the music. Meanwhile the
gallery seats were being taken to a
greater extent than on the day pre
vious.
4ROYALTY TO VISIT FAIR.
Princes , George and Conrad . Arrive
Here From Bavaria.
NEW" YORK, June 22.— Two royal
Princes of Bavaria have arrived here
to visit . the; St.*. Louis Exposition and
make a tour of. the United States.. They
are Princes "George and^Conrad, sons
of Prince Leopold, who! ia ; first . cousin
to ' the : King. : Prince George is a lieu
tenant of Guards and Prince Conrad
a lieutenant In the, Seventh "Bavarian
Regiment of Infantry.: .
'The young i Princes | are . accompanied
by Baron Wilhelm von Reltzenstein,
who is adjutant to their father. *
Special Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON, June 22. —'President
Roosevelt desires to make these changes
ill hfs Cabinet: Paul Morton of Illi
nois, to be Secretary of Commerce and
Labor, and Representative Victor
H. Metcalf of -California to be
Secretary of the Navy. That Sec
retary '.- Moody ¦ is to succeed At
torney General Knox has already
been announced. Morton, who is
second vice president of the Atchi
son, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad, is
now ; .on his way to Washington to an
swer President Roosevelt's second invi
tation within" a week to enter the Cabi
net. At luncheon in the White House
last Thursday the President offered him
the navy porfolio. Morton declined,
saying he knew nothing about the navy,
j Since then Representative Metcalf,
who \yas formerly slated to succeed
George B. Cortelyou as Secretary, of
Commerce and Labor, has said he
would- like to be Secretary of ' the Navy,
and • the President still sees a chance
to make a Cabinet Minister of Morton.
Morton's reply has not , yet been ¦ re
ceived. Many of his friends have
doubted ;that , he would sacrifice his
present prominent and high salaried
position to take . an $8000 per. annum
Cabinet post, /specially when -the" Re
publican administration might end next
NEW YORK, June 22.— That the Ill
fated steamer Slocum had no life pre
servers aboard less than nine years old
was admitted by counsel for the
Knickerbocker Steamboat Company at
the inquest to-day. Evidence was also
brought out that the United States in
spectors did not examine the fire hose
and standpipes and that the preserv
ers were not'ln good condition.
Benjamin F.' Conklin. chief engineer
of the Slocum, testified that there had
been no fire drills on the steamer this
year, and that the United States in
spectors had not tested the fire hose.
Thirty-seven bodies of victims*came
to the surface to-day, making the total
number recovered 883. Of these 778
have been identified. From present in
dications it is apparent that the death
roll will total nearly 1000.
NEW YORK. June 22.— The general strtk-
In all branches of the ready-made clothin"
trades In this city, which was called ye?°
terday by ¦ the Garment . Workers' TraUe
Council,' went into effect to-day.
GIBRALTAR/ June 22.— The American bat
tleship squadron sailed to-day for Plraeu«
Greece. .; •.•;"--'. *
It Is Now Believed That
the Death Roll Will To
tal Nearly One Thousand
Friends of Illinois Railroad
Man Believe That He May
Enter Upon Official Life
CHANGES IN CABINET
KECOVER MORE BODIES
President to Appoint Him
if Morton Agrees to Take
the Place of Cortelyou
Engineer of the HI Fated
Slocum Testifies They
Did Not Test Fire Hose
Firing Is Heard Back of Port Arthur.
CHEFU, June 22. — A steamer
which passed within three miles of;
Llaotieshan Promontory reports that
the big guns on Golden Hill were fired
from 5 until 6 o'clock on Tuesday
evening and that later the firing of
machine guns back of Port Arthur
was heard for many hours.
CAPH TOWN, June 22. — The first through*
train for Victoria Falls over the Cape-to-Calro
Railroad left Cape Town to-day amidst en
thusiastic demonstrations.
HELENA. Mont., June 22. — Tha Supreme
Court unanimously held to-day that th* fair
trials bill enacted at special session of th«
Legislature last December Is constitutional?
PLACES BLAME
ON INSPECTORS
LONDON". June 23. — Tha corre
spondent of the Standard at Fer.jr
wangcheng, under date of Jane 21.
says that a large force of Russians at
tacked a small number of Japanese on
June 20 at Hslulitien. fifteen miles
northwest of Fengwangchengr. and
that the Jaoanese retired after a stub
born fight.
Japanese Retire After Hard Fl^ht.
"Adroit it unquestionably is," says
the Times, "but save In the fe-w points
where the hand of the politician Is vis
ibly impressed upon it. It seems to ba
bold and clear and consistent. What
the judgment of the people will be It
would be neither prudent nor politic
at present to forecast; but, be It what
it may, it must determine great Issues,
not for the United States alone, bat
for civilized mankind."
LONDON, June 23. — Tha Times, the
only London morning paper "which
prints an editorial on the platform
adopted by the Republican National
Convention at Chicago, says the plat
form bears the stamp of Individuality
of President Roosevelt and excites ad
miration for its .adroitness, as well aa
for its strength.
Says the Republican Platform Is Bold
and Consistent.
LONDON TIMES' CO.ADCENT.
Speaking to the living; in ' the presence of
the dead: We have tears for them and admira
tion for the great . things they . have accom
plished, but the glory of our. race, of our civil
ization. ; Is that each . generation . works out Its
own salvation and ; marches - ( forward to suc
cess and the , betterment of . the condition, of
mankind; | and, | as they drop Into .their grave,
their ' successors move on to. the stage of ac
tion, holding fast all -that the past has given
and going; in turn a generation's march further
on for the benefit of. the race and of civiliza
tion. ¦ ~~~-:%m&m
' I am done. I have already detained you
longer than I expected. In conclusion, let me
again say that we are proud of the past, wo
are proud of the future. The twentieth cen
tury Is to bring" more of good or evil to the
human race than the . nineteenth century
brought.* Under what party . banner .will you
enlist? Under that of the anti-protectionists?
Under that of the people who sit still or tear
down? Or will you take service with the party
ft Lincoln and Grant and Garfleld and Harri
"on and McKInley and Roosevelt' and help us
macrho" to victory?
UNDER WHICH BANNER?
It you approve of them, If you approve of
the Republican policies, you are short-sighted
if you refuse a working majority in the House
of Representatives, because you cannot keep
a Republican House without it., . y
Do you like the Senate of the X'nited States?
It Is a condition that cannot be changed in
November. It could be changed at the end of
four yfar», electing a third every two years.
You like the electoral college of the great
popular party, 3SC strogr.tcomlng with the war
rants of attorney from the people to cast their
votes for your. candidates.
What Is the next best thing? You>Jlke
Theodore Roosevelt? Yes. Stronger than his
party, he' will be triumphantly elected.
Now, then, you know under our form of
government the party In power Is held respon
sible. The function of the minority is to put
It on good behavior by being ever ready to ap
peal to the ptople. l^et me tell you something.
If our government has a fault It Is that after
an election one party is sometimes placed In
power with . only one leg. It may have the
Senate: it may have the Presidency; It may
have the House. It goes along on crutches.
Yet you want to hold it responsible for public
sentiment. If I had the power I would so
change our constitution that at every quadrl
entilnl election the party that received the
popular approval should go fully Into power and
let thp public have a government according to
the sentiment expressed at the ' ballot box.
But we have not got it arranged quite that
wey.
A few wordt more and I will conclude. Our
Government is for the people. It Is divided
Into co-ordln»te branches — the Judges of the
United States courts, who hold office for life,
or during good behavior; the executive; the
Congress, which consists of two co-ordinate
branches, the Hou?e and the Senate, great
legislative bodies— they could not be otherwise.
born as they are of 80.0(i0,000 people who are
competent of self-government.
All must obey under The'odore Roosevelt as
the national representative of law. He is
and will continue to b?, without favor or affec
tion, the reoresentatlve of law, supreme and
universal In our borders.
Oh, but outrageous things are done by the
employer when he oppresses the laborer, and
outrageous things are done by some laborers
when they go on a strike. Yes, outrageous
thliiffB are done In some of our best governed
churches and among those who do not belong
to any church. Once. In a while a citizen com
mits larceny. Once in a while a man commits
arson. Yes, there Is law-breaklnic and dis
order. Law-breakfnR in the formation of
trusts: law-bi caking at times in the organiza
tion of labor whe.n it goes on strike. The
great body of the people that own the wealth
arc not for tbe trusts, and the sreat body of
labor — honest men who live by the sweat of
their faces— are not for law-breaklng in the
strikes. The law— the sheet anchor of civili
zation — Is atronc- enough to pull down the
strongest; strong enough to curb the wicked
and vicious; strong enough, like the grace of
God, to throw Its arms about the weakest and
the poorest and bring him under Its protection.
PRESIDENT REPRESENTS LAW.
how the profits should be divided. If the em
ploye doesn't get as much as he thinks he
ought to get after arbitration is tried he
strikes — a quarrel .about something: the divi
sion of something;. Well, then. It Is abso
lutely necessary to have a strike that there
enould be profit. Great God! How many
strikes were there under Cleveland, when the
Democrats were running things? When money
became scarce the profits were scarce. There
Is the whole story. ¦
PARTY CHIEFTAINS WHO ARE
PROMINENT IN THE REPUBLI
CAN CONVENTION.
As Governor Pardee will visit the
President at Oyeter Bay, or some other
place on the map. as one of the com
mittee on notification his absence from
California will be. prolonged. The ab
sence of the Governor for a consider
able time will enable Alden Anderson,
the acting Governor, to become familiar
with many of the dips, spurs and angles
of the executive office, which knowledge
may be very useful to him in the years
to come. The event which extends the
furlough of Governor Pardee may
shorten the absence of Mose Gunst and
bring the latter home in time to attend
the ratification meeting. It is noted
that Henry I. Kowalsky, M. A. Gunst.
Abe Ruef and J. Steppacher are all
away at the same time.
D. M. Delmas, who has been invited
to make an address placing Hearst in
nomination for President, Is at work
preparing his speech. If the length of
the speech shall be measured by the
period of time in its preparation the
convention may prepare for two hours
with Delmas.
DEL3IAS IS BUSV.
The Republicans of San Francisco
will not only commend the work of
the national convention at the Alhain
bra on the evening of July 6. but on
that occasion will welcome the return-,
ing delegates. The committee proposes
to give George A. Knight opportunity
to make the leading speech of the even
ing. The plan of introducing quite a
number of well-known Republican
speakers and limiting each orator to a
ten-minute speech meets with favor.
The Democratic National Convention
will assemble at St. Louis on the semi
centennial anniversary of. the Republi
can party. Perhaps the significance of
the anniversary was not taken into ac
count when the Democratic National
Committee designated that time, but,
nevertheless, the Democrats will meet
on that historic day. The California
delegation to the St. Louis convention
will leave San Francisco next Tuesday.
At Los Angeles arrangements have
already been made for a great ban
quet at Hazzard's Pavilion. The tables
will be spread to accommodate 1000
guests. The number of acceptances
registered indicates that the demand
for places, will exceed the pavilion
space.
LOS ANGELES IN LINE.
July 6 is the fiftieth anniversary of
the birth of the Republican party, and
the event will be commemorated
throughout the country, from the At
lantic to the Pacific and from the lakes
to the gulf.
METGALF MAY
SUCCEED MOODY
"Word comes that the supporters of
Lukens intend to put up a strong fight
against the proposition to appoint. The
committee Is required to meet and is
sue its call for primaries not later than
June 29. The convention will probably
meet in' Oakland on August 23.
At the Alhambra Theater Wednesday
e\-enlng, July 6, the Republicans of San
Francisco will ratify the nominations
of the Chicago convention. The meet
ing will be held under the joint aus
pices of the State Central Committee
and the California League of Republi
can Clubs. Senator E. I. "Wolfe, Henry
C. Dibble and Thoma9 Rickard repre
sent the executive committee of the
league and Senator 'E. F. Woodward,
James K. Wilson and Frank Schmitz
represent the Republican State Central
Committee.
It seems that the good will which the
committee entertains for Mr. Metcalf
extends likewise to Senator Knowland,
and therefore it is said tnat the latter
will gain a decided advantage over
Lukens in the appointing 'process!" The
members of the committee are W. H.
Chickering, Frank Barret, J. M. Stow,
George D. Metcalf, John Birmingham,
E. E. Johnson, Morris Flynn, Dr. C. L.
Tlsdale. W. L. Crooks, "W. G. Henshaw,
H. F. Stahl, C. L. Crellln, R. . W.
Church, Everett J. Brown and J. H. W.
Riley.
There will be. thirty-five delegates
outside the incorporated cities of Oak
land, • Alameda, Berkeley and Vallejo.
The politicians figure that these thirty
five will vote to nominate Senator
Knowland. Alameda is conceded to
Knowland, hence it is figured that he
will easily capture at the outset 44 of
the 94 delegates in the convention. .
AGAINST APPOINTMENTS. .
The fight is on- in the Republican
camp, of the Third Congressional Dis
trict. The leading aspirants to succeed
Victor H. Metcalf in Congress are
State Senators Joseph R. Knowland of
Alameda and G. K. Lukens of Oakland.
There is] Quite a commotion over the
announcement that the Third Con
gressional District Republican Com
mittee proposes to appoint delegates to
the Congressional nominating conven
tion from- the localities In which the
provisions of the primary election law
are not mandatory or obligatory. In
these localities delegates were appoint
ed to the recent State Convention at
Sacramento, hence it is argued that
such proceeding is not rough or arbi
trary, i
Knowland and Lukens Are Chief Aspirants in Re
publican Competition— Plans for Ratification.
CONGRESSIONAL BATTLE NOW
WAGES IN METCALPS DISTRICT
from our great leader and our great President
there was a young, active, henegt, courageous
man standing by the bedside who under the
constitution was his successor, and he there
said, "Lam to be President, to carry out the
policies of the Republican party, and I will
Journey In the footsteps of, William McKinley
and of Abraham Lincoln."
To your coming President great things have
happened in the last three years. In the
Old World a single great policy In a genera
tion is the exception. We have. more than that
In our progressive country- I have given you
the great achievements under McKInley. Un
der his worthy great successor we have had
the consummation of the freedom to Cuba
wrought out by superior statesmen. Impe
rialism, talked about under McKlnley, has dis
appeared with crowing civil government and
peace in the Philippines. Aye it, has disap
peared from the face of the earth. Did I say
from the face of the earth? I will stick to
it because the doctrinaire here and the doc
trinaire there, whether In New York or whether
in Boston draws his toga about him. saying.
••I am wiser than thou," and fltill after this
great question is settled by the conscience and
the intelligence of all the people, cries "Wolf,
wolf."
DISCUSSES PHILIPPINES
Well, under the constitution of the United
States he has a right to. .» Let them ask what
is going to become r>f the Philippines; At least
we have peace; at least we have growing civil
government, and as our 80,000,000 In this
twentieth century shall Increase to 250,000,000.
as we shall go on with production and com
merce, in the fullness of time that territory
will be useful to the United States, whereas
in the meantime we will be like a benediction
to them.
The United States ia great in production
and wealth — how great Is our wealth? In
1ST»O f300 In round numbers was the per capita
wealth. In 1H00 $1235 was the per capita
wealth. In 1S«O the wealth was measured
by sixteen billion dollars, in 1900 nln*ty-four
billions now a hundred billions. Great Britain
has only an aggregate of wealth of sixty bil
lions, and she has been living and gathering
It for the last five hundred years, yet In a
generation we sprang from sixteen to one
hundred billions. The world's wealth is four
hundred billions of dollars. The United States
has one-fourth of It.
Hut our frlendu the enemy, some of them
little politicians, vex the air crying "Trusts,
trusts." Oh, they come out strong with good
lungs as trust busters. Since 1830 have they
ever done any busting? Oh, no. There is
no Jericho now, and if there was it would
never happen again that people would march
about the walls blowing ramshorns s»ven
times until the walls fell down. That Is what
the Democrats are trying to do. Trusts?
Yes. Great combinations of capital against
public policy? Yes. But the Republican party,
always true to the people and its traditions,
made haste to provide under the constitution
legislation that would- prohibit these com
binations. . ,
The do-something party! It slept under
Cleveland. McKInley had the war with Spain
and the restoration of prosperity, but that
young enthusiastic, true man took an oath
to see' to it that the laws were executed and
has executed the law. And in his opinion
trusts are unlawful and should be dissolved.
That Is the difference between the Democrats
and Republicans. One bursts by wind, the
other by law.
NO COUNTRY SO RICH
There is no country on earth that has so
much wealth as ours. Why. Interest In
cheaper and cheapening until the credit of
the United States to-day commands money at
a premium at 2 per cent, which Is 1 per cent
lower than any other nation on earth can com
mand It. .
Foreign combinations? Tes. But - all ¦ the
while these great wealth seeking individuals,
desiring favorable investments month by month
and year by year, enterprising citizens desiring
gain, found additional industries. Take the cen
sus of 1000. The figures are correctly tabu
lated and made accordng to the facts and the
census of 1900 shows that from the establish
ments of the so-called trtsts in. the United
States only 14 per cent of the factory product
came, whereas 86 per cent of the factory prod
uct came from their competitors— individuals
and small ownerships'. And It is bound to bo
that way, if you will stop and think.
¦ There are eighty millions of our people. ! If
some man conceives the. Idea i that when • he
dies wisdom wlil have departed and • that
he can corner the air and • the water and the
sunlight he wilt find eighty millions of people
who make our civilization that will not only
make a : law and ¦ put it into force, but by
competition and enterprise will' swear that the
admitted- declaration of the enemy is a false
hood. Can you prove It? Yes.- Justa minute.
In the last two years, the wind and the. water
that cam* from overcapitalization hi forming
the so-called trusts ] have been squeezed— and
there are. people who make the -."mouth bets'."
about the price of water companies and:com
panies tha* have gas . on . top ; of the water,'
made. by printing press certificates. Oh, they
stand around and say: -• '•
"There is the. most extraordinary shrinkage
in values that was ever known."
"How much?" . '
"Oh, a good many hundreds of millions; the
Wall Street Journal eays over a billion, six
hundred mlllldns." : ¦ r ¦ .-¦
And yet every dollar, of property, every par
ticle of property that was represented by this
overcapitalization two ¦ years - ago In yet with
us. Now, all the fools that bet it to go down
and th-> fools that bet it to go up can fight it
out. It 'doesn't make one particle of difference
to the eighty millions of people who live by
the sweat of their faces and do a legitimate
business. • -
COMPETITION ALWAYS.
Oh. gentlemen, the law, public' opinion,
public sentiment, the desire for good Invest
ments — dollar for dollar- In ¦ the.-factory .where
a dollar costs one hundred, cents — goes Into
competition against' the; factory that cost a
hundred cents and Is ' burdened . with another
hundred cents common and another hundred
cents gas »nd another hundred cents moon
ehlne.'. Work it out. , It is all right. :
"Oh, but,", saya our enemy, "my God, look
at the strikes you are having in this country."
This is their strong suit— strikes, strikes'.
Now. what Is a strike?.- The strike is an effort
by the employer and the employe to agre*
Imported anarchy struck ' down our great
President when partisan strife had almost
ceased. The world paused in wonder and In
indignation — not in fear, because as life went
But we do not mind It. We move on. Why,
gentlemen, why multiply words about ancient
or decent conditions? Take the country under
the administration of Grover Cleveland and
compare It with the country under the admin
istration of William McKInley and under Theo
dore Roosevelt. If a. man will dwell In com
parison for a moment and make a fair com
parison. If he would not Indorse the policies
of the Republican party he would not believe
one though he were, raised from the dead
McKInley, Roosevelt: the Dinghy tariff, that
restored to u» economic prosperity; the gold
standard that . settled for all time the matter
of eound money; the short, triumphant ¦war
with Spain; the Philippines and Porto Rico
coming under our flag, and freedom to Cuba is
a record that will stand In the futura second
only to the record made by George Washing-'
ton and° Abraham Lincoln.
MAKES <X)MPAR1SOXS.
"Oh," said a distinguished colleague follow
ing the astute Senator Gorman, "if we come
into power, while protection is robbery we will
say to you that we will Journey In the direc
tion of free trade, but we will not destroy
your Industries over night."
Great God, think of It! They won't kill you
outright, but they will starve you to death
day by day. They want to he on guard to
protect the people who are dwelling In peace
and prosperity under a Republican policy.
It reminds me of the fable of Aesop. You
know the record In one of his fables that the
wolves said to the sheei^"diecharge the dogs"
— who were their natural protectors — "and em
ploy us and we will take care of you." Does
the capital of this country and the labor of this
country want to be under the care of the wolf
Gorman and the wolf Williams and their fel
lows? I do not think so. What a country
this is. And, Republicans, we have got to out
line the policy and lead the people In caring
for It. Why, we are like the women; we not
only have to take care of ourselves, but more,
as one of our women said, we have to take care
of the men. The Republican party not only
has to care for Itself, but has to care for the
minority by a wl6e policy. How has It been
doing It? We preserved the Union under the
policy and leadership of this party. Do you
recollect that the opposition party, on a de
mand for an armistice and negotiation and
compromise, nominated McClellan In 1864 and
moved heaven and earth to defeat Lincoln?
Do you recollect when the constitutional amend
ments were submitted they said nay, nay,
and then, after they, were adopted, the Demo
crats came Into power temporarily In
Indiana and Ohio they passed acts taking
buck the assent of the States. When the first
battle was fought against greenback money
back in the seventies, out In the Middle West,
whatever they were on the Atlantic coast,
they were flatists In the West. From step to
«tep through all these forty-four years, where,
if you measure time by advance, we have
lived two centuries as compared with any
other period of the world* ¦ history.- they have
pulled back, pulled back, and. when we ac
complished — and It Is not necessary to march
forward and try to accomplish again — they
move into our old quarters and squat down
there and make fHcee and »ay, "You are going
to eend the country to hell."
They are trying to convince the people that
they ought to come Into power under the lead
of Gormap In the Senate and Williams in th«
Houee. They have been trying, to give the
country Dover's powderr.
DROPS INTO FABLE.
Oh, well, aren't they going to change? Let
us see. Just before the close of th« la«t Con
gress New York's eloquent son, Bourke Cock
ran, a member of the House of Representa
tives, got the floor and he preached an old
fashioned Democratic sermon, free trade and
all that kind of thing, and he did it well, and
there came from the minority side of the
House, without exception, such cheering and
crying and hurrahing and applauding as I
never witnessed before In that House, because
at last they had - the pure Democratic faith
delivered to them.
The Republican party is a national party
and believes In diversification of our indus
tries and the protection of American capital
and American labor as against the cheaper
labor elsewhere on earth. What <lo the other
people believe in? For sixty years went out
the cry of free trade throughout the world.
free ships upon the sea. On other questions
a tariff for revenue only. The free trade party
has always denounced the Republican policy
of protection as robbery, and whenever clothed
with power, whatever Its pretenses, it had
thrust a dagger into the very heart of pro
tection.
Great heavens, the Republican party from
18t>0 until this moment moves on— does what
good common sense dictates and the country
grows to It.
How is It now? We have reduced' postal
rates over one-half since 1860 on the average.
I.tL«t year the postal revenues were $131,000,000
as against $$.000,000 in I860. Keep that in
your mind — S1U4.COO.OOO. And th? whole serv
ice only cost S138.0OO.CO0. We had a deficit
of $4,000,000—3 per cent, and we would not
have had that deficit had it not been, under
the lead of the Republican party looking out
for the welfare of all the people and con
ducting the Government from a business stand
point under the lead of McKInley. followed by
Roosevelt, there was established free rural
deliver}' that cost $10,000,000.
• ight and a half million dollars. Keep that
in your minds — eight and a half million dol
lars. How much do you suppose it cost to
run the department? Nineteen million. It
took aJI the revenue and as much more and
one-quarter as much more from the treasury
to pay for that postal service. Why. gentle
men, the city postofflee of Chicago ls»*t year
collected more revenue by almost one million
of dollars than was collected by the whole
department In the United State* In 1S60.
REDUCED POSTAL. RATES.
From March. ISCO, the year that Lincoln
came into power, to March. 1S61. in that
twelve months the total revenue of the Post
office Department in all the United States wa«
Take the Postofflee Department, that reaches
all of the people, and no man is compelled to
l>ay one penny. It is voluntary taxation.
Made by labor? Yes, made by labor that
works fewer hours than any labor on earth.
Made by labor that, conservatively estimated,
received $1 75. as against the average of the
competitive labor In the world of $1. Oh,
gentlemen, it is not a few rich men that
make markets; nay. nay. It is the multi
plied millions on farms, in mine and in factory,
that work to-day and consume to-morrow,
and with steady employment and good wages
give us. with eighty millions of people, a
market equal to two hundred millions of
consuming people anywhere else on earth.
The farmer buys the artisan's product. The
artisan, being employed, buys the farmer'*
product. Th? wheels go round. You cannot
strike one great branch of labor In the re
public without the blow reacting on all pro
ducers. Well, are you satisfied with the com
parison from the manufacturing standpoint?
If not, let m» give you another illustration
that will p-rhaps go home to the minds of
men more quickly than th<? Illustration I have
iTlven.
combined manufactured products of Great
Rritaln, of Germany and of France. Where
do we get the market for It? Ninety-seven
per cent of this treat product — one-third the
world's product — finds a market among our
telves in the United States. And >et of this
product last year we sold to foreign countries
— 1 am tpeaktnz now of the manufactured
products— more than four hundred million dol
lar*. 23 per cent of our total exports, and
our total exports made and make us the great
est exporting nation en earth.
His Speech a Summons
to Protection's
Colors.
To be serious for a moment, the Republican
party is a coverement through party and
through organization. Oh. you find people once
in a while who do not want any parties. As
lor* as you liave SO.000,000 people competent
for e< If -government they will organize and
• -ill the crganization a r>erty. The Republican
party, born ol the declaration that elave1"v is
v-ctionsl and freedom national, achieved" Its
flr*.t suece** in 1SC0 with Abraham Lincoln.
Secession, the war of the Union, you older
men recollect it well. We have one of the
Furvlvirs here. I was glad to see the conven- '
lion-git* him th? courtesies of the convention.
He Li !;•<¦; to make it possible that we could
have this convention.
Korty-four years ago. just about now, 1904,
what a contrast! A divided country, a bank
rupt treasury. no credit. The Republican
l>arty got power «nd under its great leadership
wrote revenue legislation upon the statute
i. .. ks and went back to the principles of
Washington and Hamilton, and legislation that
would produce revenue while placing duties
en Imports ro adjusted as to encourage «very
.M: • .' i' o" citizen to take part in the diversified
industries and resources of the country.
Will you »#ar with me for five minutes
¦While I eppak of the comparison as It vu
then upon the one hand of facts and the con
'riitlon to-day. In 18G0 we had been .sub
rtantlatly dominated for many years with the
free trade party: Insignificant in manufactured,
rrcat In agriculture. Under our |>ollcy. which
ha* been followed, with the exception of four
year*, from that time to this, the United
States remain* first In agriculture and by
leaps and bound* ha* diversified her Industries
until to-<5ay we are the greatest manufacturing
««untry on C»nd'» footetool. One-third- of all
the world'* rToductf that come from the fac
tory are made fn the United States by the
• peratlon and co-operation of American cap
ital and Amtrican labor and skill.
GKKAT HOME MARKET.
' Let uh make one other statement— our pro
lucte every year are greater than the entire
Now, thTf is not one of you that raises
chickens, as I do. but what understands that
when the htn comes off the nest with one
r-Mcl.en the does more scratching and makes
mere coie«> than the motherly hen that is
fortunate with twenty-three. Our friends, the
rnrjry. will have the enthusiasm; we take the
\otes in November.
"WE TAKE THE VOTES."
I might illustrate further: I don't know
that !t Ir necessary. I see some of my former
friends before me — my comrade. Colonel
Louden, and various others.
It la a contest that makes enthusiasm. In
1904. as in 100ft, everybody has known for
t»(he months past who Is to be our standard
bearer in this campaign. We are here for busi
ness. I wonder if our friends, the enemy,
would not be glad of a little of our kind of
enthusiasm.
to enter upon the chase, that was awfully
Ftrrmious and awfully enthusiastic. But when
fhe Raid "yes," thm good relations were es
tabliolted and we went on evenly throughout
the balance of our lives.
thusiartic if they *ould give us a nod of the
head, or ihe trip-away, catch-me-lf-you-can
Then came a delightfully refreshen
ing and humorously frank, avowal.
Kach of the thousands of listeners re
celveJ a confidential tip. The Speaker
had "ritten his first speech and had
tried to memorize it. Uut he did not
have the slightest intention of follow
ing it. He knew the inspiration would
come — had come — and he just wanted
a free hand to cut loose.
"So let us ramble awhile." That is
¦what he said. And then he abandoned
himself to his liifiitless store of pro
lound political sagacity and his orig
inal and characteristic vocabulary.
Throughout his address the cheering
was generous, intelligent and appre
ciative. Said he:
Gentlemen of the convention— For the first
tune in my life I put in black and •white
enuug-h STt^nccs to contain 25CO words to eay
to you. I have tried to memorize it. but can
not. I ha\e given it out through the usual
r-ha&Tiels to the preat audionce, and now B
must cither bee to be excused entirely, or I
ir.utt do like we do down In the House of
It .-present at lvt-e under the live-minute rule and
make a lew remarks. But that no man shall
r*y that I have made * great speech, I will
t-ft that matter at rest by faying that from
beginning to end I heartily Indorse every
statement of fact and every tvntlm**«*. that was
ptven you yesterday from the temporary pre
»!Jiner officer in the greatest epee£». ever de
livered at a convention.
Now let me so on and ramble. And. first.
they ray that there is no enthUElasm In this
convention. O;ntknvn, the great river that
has its thirty fo?t of water rising in the moun
tain* and growing in depth and breadth down
to th* ocean bears upon its bosom the com
merce of that section of land that It drains
and bear* it out u> the world. It is a silent
river, and yet the brawling river that Is like
to tr;" river Plattc. out in Nebraska, that is
5'j-jrtefm milcb wide and four inches deep,
ntikes more noise than the bigger river.
When we were young folks, twenty years ago,
tt€ went to e»e our b*?t girls. We were en-
A FRANK AVOWAL,.
'"protection" in the hall. There was
an enthusiastic indorsement of the
belligerent attitude of the -chairman.
The fighting Fpirit of the delegates was
c roused. This spirit did not vanish.
It was everywhere manifest — in refer
ences to the past, in the memory of
the dead MoKinley, so long the cham
pion of protection; in the great por
trait of M*rk Hanna, whose last polit
litical advice vas to "stand pat"; in
the fighting Speaker of the House of
Kepresentatives; in the positive and
emphatic tones of the chairman of the
committee on resolutions; in every
word of the platform and in the cheers
vhich rose from the delegates to be
«aught up and re-echoed in the gal
leries. The gavel wielded by the
Speaker — more like a bung-siarter than
a parliamentary weapon— was emblem
atic of the spirit which controlled the
convention. It was protection by light
ing for it and by forcing the fighting.
Speaker Cannon's oratory was de
cidedly to the liking of the convention.
He established cordial relations even
before he had uttered a word. He
Hood in siler.ee for a moment on a
toxiRue-like projection in the center of
the platform. His face fascinated. It
'¦xpressed abundant humor, strangely
u!eided with virile pugnacity. He way
pausing to think hov.- to begin. His
thoughts were pictured in his face.
They were pleasant; they were inspir
ing. Instinctively he drew himself up
and characteristically raised his hand
for a gesture even before he spoke.
From th<? ircmer.t Cannon entered
the arena wftfr gavel In hand there was
CHICAGO, June 22.— Those who were
disappointed yesterday at the lack of
enthusiasm in the Republican National
Convention found no fault to-day. Per
haps there was needed the fightin?
declarations of the party representing
the majority of the American people
fcnd' the responsibility of the Govern
ment, for ex-Secretary Root, in his
eloquent and powerful speech as tem
porary chairman, did not advance upon
fighting grounds. He barely mention
ed the tariff. Bui Speaker Cannon
threw out the o!d shiboieth of the party
the instant he i^ecured the savcl. and
he left no doubt as to where the parly
ttood. lie took a bold position on the
f.»Thting line for protection to Ameri
can industries.
£:>ecial lasi-arch to The Call
MADISON. Wis., June 22.— "We are
going before a higher court, and I do
not care what the credentials commit
tee reported in Chicago. The situation
is not understood there, and the dele
gates did not want to learn," said Gov
ernor La Follette to-day. "Our cam
paign is ready to go on, and we are
ready to meet any move the 'stalwarts'
may make. The State Central Com
mittee will meet on Friday, and wa
will at once proceed to business. Our
dependence is on the people."
Gilbert E. Roe. who had aubmltted to th«
National Committee an elaborate argument on
b«Sclf of Isaac Stechenson. Robert M. La
Follette. John M. Stout and W. I>. Connor
and their alternates, appeared before your
committee and submitted a communication
from the eontestlns delegation represented la
part by htm. This communication is ap
pended to the report of your committee.
Your committee, resentlntr the false Imputa
tion which said communication placed upoa
the entire National Committee and upon your
committee by Us Impeachment of the good
faith of both of said committees. ar.J upon the
Netlonal Convention by its assumption that con
testing delegations could not secure a fair and
Impartial hearing' and a determination accord-
Ing to the truth and right of the case from
your committee or by appeal to the -onventton.
proceeded, notwithstanding the wi.adrawal of
said contest by said communication, upon th-»
•rounds therein stated. In Justice to itself ana
to this convention, after notice to both sides t<>
tppear, decided to Investigate thoroughly the
fact3 of eald case.
An outburst of cheers greeted the an
nouncement that the credentials com
mittee had decided in favor of the
"Stalwart" faction in Wisconsin. Th»
statement of the committee, giving Its
reasons for its decision on the Wiscon
sin case, was heard in complete silence,
the convention showing intense Interest
In the report in this particular. On this
contest the report says:
To tha contest over the «el«*ate»-at-Iarj»
*nd thtlr alternates from Wisconsin uausuai
consideration has been Given by tha sub-com
mittee and the full committ*-. The contest
was latently heard by the- National Commit
tee for «lx hours, being argued on behalf of
both sides by counsel before that committee,
the book and printed argument being suj>
pllsd by both aides to th» Individual members
of that committee, and at the end of such pre
sentation that committee, beinic fully advised
as to the material facts and tha merits of th*
controversy, unanimously voted to olace on
the permanent roll as delegates-at-large John
«:. Epooner, J. V. Quarles, J. W. Babcock and
Kmll JUa-nsch. with M. O. Jeffries. D. E.
Illordan. Richard Meyer Jr. and John M.
Keller as alternates.
CHICAGO, June 22.— Th» report of
the committee on credentials, which
was promptly adopted by the National
Convention to-day, was presented by
Senator McComas.
The first part of th» document related
to those contests In which the action
of the National Committee wu upheld.
The report in this connection was re
ceived with a ripple of applause, which
was slightly accentuated when the de
cision placing both the "Lily Whites"
and the "Black and Tans" of Loulsana
was read.
Decision Against the La
Follette Faction Is
Unanimous.
Campaign Spirit of the
Delegates Is
Aroused.
Convention Adopts the
Report of Credentials
Committee.
BLUNT WORDS
OF CHAIRMAN
STRIKE HOME
WISCONSIN'S
"STALWARTS"
ARE SEATED
March. That he is coming to Washing
ton to consult with the President is
taken as an Indication that he may en
ter official life.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. .THURSDAY.. JUNE 23,. 1904.
"JOE" CANNON'S LOGIC AND QUAINT WIT SWAY VAST CONVENTION THRONG
5
THEY ARE HUM31ERS.
Be sure to collect this series.
EVERY ONE A WINNER.
8. "Mother and Child," by
Richter.
9. "Head Over Heels," by
• Brown (H. A.). - .
10. "A Serious Case," by. nose-
land.
Look at this attractive list:
1. "A Grass Widow," by Bry-
son.
2. "FootHsht Favorites," by
» Bnj-son.
3. "Temptation," by Bryson.
4. "The Girl in Yellow." by
Bryson.
5. "Innocence," by Bryson.
6. "Constance." by Kleiner.
7. "Rosamond," by Klchtcr.
THE SUNDAY CALL
Will issue a series of the hand-
somest Art Supplements ever
issued by a paper In the
United States.
Beginning with the issue of
July 3,
TEN" BEATTTIFCLliY
KLLOnXATED
ART SUPPLEMENTSTraining Students Graduate.
OAKLAND, June 22. — The pplico
were notified to-night that a demented
man giving the name of James Stod
dard was found wandering about the
streets of Emporla, Or. He claimed
to have been a resident of this city.
In his possession was a Santa Fe
ticket to Chicago. The man will be
held until his friends or relatives are
heard from.
Want Sloddurd's Friends.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— The Navy
Department to-day awarded to the bat
tleship Oregon the trophy for excel
lence in gunnery in the last annual
target practice for which the ships of
the navy have been in competition. For
the gunboat class It was determined
that the Dolphin is entitled to the tro
phy, while the trophy for the destroyer
class goes to the John Paul Jones of
the Pacific squadron.
Exeelsi All Other Vessels in Gunnery
in the Last Annual Target Prac
tice of the Navy.
BATTLESHIP OREGON
AWARDED THE TROPHY
Lawless Goes Free.
OAKLAND. June 22.— William. J.
Lawless, charged by his brother-in
law. Robert Cook, with the theft of
valuable papers, was dismissed to-day
in the Police Court. It was shown
that Mrs. Cook. had taken the docu
ments.
A thief Btole a cameo pin from Mrs.
Leon Hall's residence, 1395 Telegraph
avenue.
M. Leipsic, 260 Waisworth avenue,
has reported to the police that $17 50
has been stolen from his residence.
OAKLAND, June 22.— The rooms of
Joseph McCarthy and Arthur Case at
the Pullman House, Seventh and Pine
streets, were entered by burglars last
night and a lot of clothing was sto
len.
Burglars at Work.
Natite Sous Klert Oflieers
ALAMEDA, June .22. — Halcyon
Parlor No. 14 6. Native Sons of
the Golden West, has elected the
following officers, who will be in-
Rtalled on July 19: Past president, L.
S. Shannon: president. George Ren
ner Jr.; first vice president, William
Hammond Jr.; second vice president.
A. D. Goldsworthy; third vice presi
dent. Fred S. Cone; recording secre
tary and treasurer, J. C. Bates Jr.;
financial secretary, H. D. Clark: mar
shal, Henry Koerber Jr.; trustee, Ar
thur B. Tarpey.
Benefit for Newsboys' Union
OAKLAND, June 22.— The Alameda
County Newsboys' Union No. 19 will
be given a benefit to-morrow at the
Empire Theater, Twelfth street, near
Broadway. Matinee and evening per
formances will be given. The union
paid the funeral expenses of one of
its members and the proceeds from
these entertainments to-morrow will
go to recoup the union funds.
OAKLAND. June 22. — William C.
Calkins, 60 years of age, a salesman
with the Mesmer-Smith Company,
1118 Washington street, died at 10:30
o'clock to-night at his residence, 820
Fourteenth street, from carbolic acid
poisoning. Dr. C. W. Dodge, who was
called, said Calkins, who had been ill
for some time, took the poison by mis
take. Calkins was born in New York.
He leaves a widow and a Bon. The
Coroner took charge of the case.
Killed Himself by Mistuke.
OAKLAND, June 22. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day:
Hardy G. Cellarius, over 21, San
Francisco, and Johanna Bendel. over
18, Oakland; Victor E. Peel, 27. San
Francisco, and Maude L. Priestley, 25,
Fitchburg; Harry B. Delmondy, 24,
and Lottie Rader, 24, both of San
Francisco; Valentine E. Kennedy, 43,
and Annis A. Boise, 39, both of New
York; Charles W. Kohl, 24 4 Alameda,
'and Anna J. Fitzgerald, 34, Oakland;
Asa V. Mendenhall. over 21. and Flor
ence E. Hatch, over 18, both of Oak
land; Joseph Gomes, 4J>, and Maria
Jose, "48, both of Benicia; Clarence M.
Freed. 22. and Bessie J. Harvie. 20,
both of San Francisco; George Cav
eney. 25. and Nettie McKay. 20, both
of San Francisco; Frederick L. Ding
man, 36, Crockett, and Clara A. Ire
land, over 18. Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
Guilty of Striking Boy.
OAKLAND, June 22.— Mrs. Ger
trude Duff was found guilty by Police
Judge George Samuels to-day on a
charge of striking Eddie Grambruno,
six years of age, on the head with a
jelly glass. Eddie, with some com
panions, had been stealing cherries
from the Cook residence, 1227 Linden
street, where Mrs. Duff was house
keeper. She threw the glass at the
boys as they were running through the
yard. Sentence was' postponed until
to-morrow. ,
Granger has been promoting a road
between this city and Los Gatos, to be
known as a short line. Monday night
the Los Gatos Council " granted* J. J.
Stanfield, who represents Granger, a
franchise for the road in that place.
There has been much opposition to
Granger's project on the part of the
Interurban, and it is doubtful whether
he will build the line to Los Gatos now
that he has purchased the Santa Cruz
railways.
SAN JOSE. June 22.— F. S'. Granger,
who oromoted the Interurban Electric
Railway running between this city and
Los Gatos, has purchased the electric
railway lines of Santa Cruz and will
take oossession to-morrow. The deal
was consummated yesterday. Back of
Granger in the deal are a number of
Eastern capitalists.. The purchase was
made from James P. Smith, the New
York millionaire. Granger's purchase
of the Santa Cruz lines does not in
clude the Capitola road. The price
paid for the road is not made public,
but it is said to be over $100,000. New
cars and rolling stock will be added
and the system will be improved at
once.
San Jose I*romoter Purchases the
System in Uehnlf of Eastern
Capitalists.
SANTA CRUZ RAILWAY
HAS CHANGED HANDS
OAKLAND, June 22. — Mayor Olney
to-day approved an ordinance to
grant a franchise to the Southern Pa
cific Company for tracks to connect its
main lines at First street with the new
freight yards at Fifth and Kirkham
streets.
Grunt« Railroad Franchise.
Auditor Breed in reply says the
payment of the purchase money was
a voluntary act and he sees no war
rant in law for returning the funds.
This decision will compel Chapin to
bring: suit against the city to recover
the coin.
OAKLAND, June 22. — City Auditor
A. H. Breed to-day rejected the de
mand of F. E. Chapin, the San Jose
railroad promoter, for a return of
J5500 paid by J. H. Macdonald, Cha
pin's agent, for street railroad fran
chises on College avenue and in East
Oakland. Cha» claims the fran
chise was not property awarded by the
City Council.
Promoter Cliapin of San Jose Cannot
Get Money He Paid for Street
Railroad Grant.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Poyzer are on their
way to Little Harbor. Nova Scotia, to visit
relatives.
Mr. and Mrs. W. It. Ramsey of 1186 Park
avenue and nephew, Irving Culver, with Miss
Anderson of San Francisco are to spend the
summer at Fernbrook.
Miss Era Faiklnliam of 1210 Grand street
has returned from a vacation passed at Laurel
Dell, in Lake County.
Frank Otis, president of the Board of Edu
cation, and his son, Edwin, will go with the
Sierra Club on its annual outing this year.
Mrs. Otis is sojourning at Upper Soda Springs,
near Dunsmuir. .
ALAMEDA. June 22.— Mr. and Mrs. Harvey
Dana, Curtis Hijyer and sisters, Mr. and Mrs.
A. L». Cramer and Mrs. C. C. Hanley will leave
Friday for Del Monte In automobiles.
Mrs. J. H. Nobtnann and children of 1550
Everett street left this morning for a visit of
several months with relatives in the Eastern
States.
Miss Anna Engrick last evening became
the bride or Harry Crandall at the First Meth
odist Church, Rev. E. R. Dille officiating.
Miss Harriet M. Crandall was maid of honor.
Miss Engvlck was bridesmaid and Clarence
Engvick attended the groom. A large recep
tion followed at the bride's home on Twenty
second avenue. After the bridal tour Mr. and
Mrs. Crandall will make their home at Frult
val*.
• • •
Hugh Russell or this city and Miss Bess
Ptelnhart of Stockton were married In San
Francisco a few days ago, and the fact has
just leaked out. The bride is said to be both
beautiful and accomplished. Mr. and Mrs
Russell will reside in Oakland.
Mr. Graham is the son of a large land-owner
of Huir.boldt County, and fills a pleasant and
lucrative position, being window-dresser for
one of Oakland's largest mercantile estab
lishments.
Jutt a week ago to-day, June 15. Misn Hallle
Babbldge and David Graham were quietly mar
ried In this city by the rtev. Dr. F. X. Mor
rison. They were unattended, the bride wear
ing her traveling gown. They left immedi
ately for Ban Jose and Santa Cruz, from
which rlaces they have Just returned. They
are located in an artistic little flat on Grove
«tr*et.
He and his bride will spend their honey
moon in Llvermore, Mr. Mendrnhall's old
home, and on their- return. In a few weeks,
will reside at the Hatch mansion on Harrison
street.
More than a hundred gue«ts witnessed the
ceremony anil later enjoyed the elaborate mar
rlage fr-ast. The bride's table was a vivid
picture, red carnations and tulle and a large
basket of white sweetpeas occupying the cen
ter of the big round table.
Mr. Mendenhall is one of Oakland's best
known attorneys and is unusually popular In
buylm-ss and social circles.. He has always
been prominent in political affairs, and has
etumped the State In various Republican cam
paigns.
Red was the keynote of the entire color
scheme and was strikingly effective. A deep
window in the large drawing room wao lined
with ferns and scarlet swe^tpeas. forming a
bower where the lovers stood during the sol
emn service that made them man and wife.
The »i JdinK at the Hatch home on Harri
son street was a really charming affair, and
the bride hersrlf was rotxd In one of the hand
somest (towns ?e-n this year. It was of lace
of an exauUlte tuittrni. The drop skirts of
taffeta and cblffun each had a dozen or more
ttny ruffles around the edee, giving a filmy
fluffy eflVct. The full bodice was finished with
a wide belt, and tiny bows of white panne vel
vet and long accordion pleatlngs of chiffon gave
a graceful finish to the elbuw sleeves. The veil
wa* fahtened with lilles-of-the-valley, and the
bridal bouquet was a shower of the IlIUs also.
Mrs. Georg* Humphreys, as matron of honor,
in a beautiful gown of white chiffon, recalled
to mind the day not long ago when she her-
F'lf was a bride. Hbe carried this evening a
great bunch of scarlet carnations. The groom
was attended by his brother, M. A. Menden
hall. and an old and near friend. Judge F. 13.
Ogden, tied the r.uctlal knot-
For several years it was thought by Asa V.
Mendenhall's friends — and he has many — that
be was immune, that old age would find him
etill a Jolly bachelor. But to-night he led to
the altar one of Oakland's fairest daughters.
Mitts Flor°nc* Hatch.
It was a cynical old bachelor who suggested
that the girls are taking advantage of leap
year. Be that as it may, there is an unpre
cedented number of very contented looking
newly married men on this- side of the bay,
and there are many more waiting Impatiently
for tl." lightning to strike them.
The eight of sjme of the recent brides, fairly
radiating har>Mness, Is enough to tempt an
anchorite to matrimony, and Cupid's calendar
for June shows that many have been tempted
and few found able to resist.
OAKLAND. June 22. — The society reporter
is working overtime these days, trying to keep
track of Cuphi's victims, n-.-wj= of some fresh
matrimonial ventures each day swelling an
unusually lonsr list.
By Zoc Green RadcIifTc.
AUDITOR REFUSES TO
RETURN* FRANCHISE FUNDS
OAKLAND, June 22.— -With the dis
appearance of J. W. Murphy, a black
smith, employed by C. F. Hampel,
Broadway, near_ Durant street, comes
W. H. Hammon, grocer, at 403 B
street, and exhibits to Chief of. Po
lice Hodgkins a check for $100 signed
by J. E. Rankin and bearing Murphy's
indorsement. Hammon said he had
given Murphy groceries and coin to
the amount of $27 and Mrs. Murphy
had also secured money against the
check, which Hammon says is worth
less.
Missing Man and a Check.
LEAP-YEAR BRIDES
The complaint against Steinberg was
sworn to by V. Pepper, foreman of the
Ravenswood ranch, where the accused
was employed by Christopher Buckley
as a masseur and valet. Peffer charges
Steinberg with having stolen some
money from' him. . According to the
story told by Steinberg at the prelim
inary examination yesterday he had
some trouble with. Peffer, .which nearly
resulted. in blows, and that a few days
afterward Peffer entered . his " room and
isaw spme money lying on the bed. Last
Wednesday Peffer had Steinberg ar
rested, charging . him with stealing the
morrey from his (Peffer's) room..- •
Steinberg's case-has not yet been set
for trial, .and he Is held at the County
Jail in default of $500 bail.
While living in Ban Francisco 1 practiced
astrology' for a time, having learned the
science from my father, for Jn India any one
can cast a horoscope, but In this country one
can make a good living at it. |
My mother, ' Madame Fatlma Singh, now
live* In Newcastle, England. I have on^
brother. Prince Qwa Halip Singh, and one
Bister, Princess Louise Singh, both of whom
also reside In England. ' My sister is a. grad
uate of Northwestern University, in' Illinois.
3 1 prefer not to talk much about my present
trouble, but I will ¦ say that my arreet is ! the
result of a quarrel with the. man who now ac
cuses me of robbing him.
In 1003 I came to New York and shortly
afterward went to Chicago, where I graduated
from the South Division High School. After
leaving school I studied for two years at the
New York School of Acting and then took &
teacher's course in English with Miss Laugh
ton, principal of the School of English Speech
and .Expression in Boston. I came to San
Kranclsco on September 2, 1903, and I have
since lived at the Glasgow, 106 Kills street.
MONEY IN T STAR-GAZING.
Immediately after my father's death my
mother removed to Haiti, where she. married
a German planter named Otto Steinberg, and
It was from my stepfather that I received the
name Julius Steinberg. Some of -my step
father's relatives now own the Steinberg fruit
ranch near Walla Walla, In the State of
Washington. .
During the time that my father was the
ruler of the Province of Labore he presented
to Queen Victoria the famous diamond, the
Kohlnoor, which Is the largest of the crown
jewels of Greut Britain. After his banishment
he demanded that the stone be returned to
him, but this was refused. After his recon
ciliation with the British Government the
crown allowed my father $.100,000 a year during
his life.
HIS FATHER AND 'VICTORIA.
OAKLAND, June 22.— If the wonder
ful story told by Julius Steinberg is
true, a Prince of the royal blood of In
dia is detained in the Alameda County
Jail awaiting trial before the Superior
Court on a charge of" grand larceny.
Steinberg, . who is unmistakably of
Hindoo parentage, claims that he is the
son of the late Prince Singh, former
Maharajah of the province of Lahore,
India, who was banished from his'na
tive land after the last mutiny for in
citing the natives to rebel against Brit
ish rule. Steinberg says that through
his father he is also a Prince of the
royal blood, his full title being Prince
Ramina Aramancha Singh. He says
that after the death, of his father in
Paris, in 1892, his mother married a
German by the name of Otto Steinberg,
who bestowed upon him the name of
Julius Steinberg.
The accused man Is well educated,
and in his apartments at the Glasgow,
105 Ellis street, San Francisco, is a
rare collection of Indian curios. Stein
berg is also the possessor of an excel
lent library, including a number of
standard' works on Indian history.
CLAIMS ROYAL ANCESTRY.
Steinberg told the following story to
day:
My father was Prince Singh. Maharajah of
the Province of Lahore in the interior of
India, and after the last uprising of the natives
he was banished from India for Inciting mu
tiny against the Hi-iiuh (Jovernment. When
my father- left India he went to Alexandria,
In Egypt, anri It. was there that he married
my mother, who was of mixed Egyptian and
German blood. Before his marriage my
father embraced Christianity, becoming a
Romsn Catholic, and when I was born I was
christened and baptized In the Catholic faith.
I was christened Kamlna Aramancha, and
bore that name until my mother's second mar
riage.
Aft?r a residence of several years In Alex
andria, my father and mother removed to
Paris, and while there my father petitioned
the British Government for permission to re
turn to India. This was refused, but after a
time permission was granted him to live
anywhere under the British flag except In
India, where he was forbidden to go on pain
of death. Despite the edict of the Government,
my father returned to India, endeavored to In
duce the natives to rlsa one* more against the
English, but they were satisfied with British
rule and refused. Soon afterward my father
returned to Purl?, where he died In 1892.
The Star y Gazer Accused of
Burglary Spins Great
Romances.
JULIUS STEINBERG. ALIAS RA
MINA AMARANCIIA. ALLEGED
PRINCE OF INDIA, NOW IN JAIL.
BERKELEY, June 22.— rrofessor Leon J.
Richardson, dear, of the summer school, is
making arrangements for a number of Satur
day excursions for the benefit of the students
during th« session, following out the practice
begun last year. These will be either half
or whole day trips to various points of Inttrest
about the bay. Among the places to which
tramps will be taken are Wild Cat Canyon ;
Bollnas, Mount Tamalpals and Mount Diablo.
Professor E. J. Wickfon and his family hav«
returned from the Yosemite Valley, where
they have been touring and camping since
the university closed. Professor Wlckson 1«
a member of the summer school faculty and
will give courses In horticulture during the
W J'. Hussey of the Ldck Observatory is the
author of a bulletin Just Issued containing
data on the observations of 100 double stars.
Borne of these observations were taken at tho
Lowell Observatory at Flagstaff, Ariz., ana
some at the Lowe Observatory on Echo Moun-
Mlso Jessie MUllken of the botany depart
ment has Just issued a comprehensive bulletin
bearing the title of "A Review of California
Polemonlaceae." It Is extensively Illustrated
with- cuts of the flowers.
UNIVbRsliYHVENTS
BERKELEY. June 22. — The Board
of Trustees has discovered that it
tannot change the ordinance regulat
ing the schedule of fees xharged by
the City Engineer until next April.
Trustee Redmond C. Staats said to
day that the board had been aware
for a long time that Engineer C. L.
Huggins had been collecting a large
amount of money in fees for street
work, but that it was powerless to
mtke the change until his term of of
fice expired. At least, that is the ad
vice that Town Attorney Hayne gave
the Trustees. As Huggins* term of
office does not expire until next April
no change can be made until then.
The office will then become elective,
according to a decision of the voters
in amending the charter at the last
election, and some reasonable salary
will be given to the engineer, probably
$3000 a year. Huggins' gross income
Ust year was J 10,000. out of which
he says he had to disburse J4000 for
running expenses.
Hoard of Trustees Finds Itself Power
lo, to Clianse Ordinance Until
His Term Expires.
t AVT CHANGE HLGGIXS*
FEES UNTIL NEXT YEAR
PERSONAL.
Dr. W. H. Wallace of Eureka is at
the LJck.
Dr. Stephen Waldhauser of Buda
pest is at the Palace.
Colonel R. A. Eddy, a mining man
of Montana, is at the Palace.
C. B. Smead, chief clerk of the Hol
lenbeck Hotel of Los Angeles, is stay
ing at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Katchinski and
daughter left to-day for the East on
a trip for both business and pleasure.
Richard E. Mulcahy. the well
known broker, and Judge Kenneth
Jackson of Nevada leave for Philadel
phia to-day on a business trip.
E. O. McCormlck, assistant «"rector
of the Harriman lines, arriveu from
Chicago yesterday. He is here to ar
range for the removal of his family to
the windy city.
Beni Carlo of Florence and Eu
genie Beni of Firenze, Italy, directors
of the Royal Italian Railway Com
pany, are registered at the Palace.
They are making a tour of inspec
tion of the railroads of this country-
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street. June 22.
Professor Frederick J. Turner, the
foremost of American writers of his
tory, arrived in Berkeley to-day from
the University of Wisconsin, having
come to give a course in American his
tory at th* summer session at the
University of California. Professor
Turner is accompanied by his wife.
This is their first visit to California.
Professor Henry Morse Stephens of the
history department of the university
met them upon their arrival and intro
duced them to the university.
The courses of Professor Turner will
be confined to American history. These
will include lectures on "The Begin
nings of the West." "The Teaching of
American History" and "The Diplo
matic History of Washington's Admin
istration." In the first course he will
deal with the movements of the popu
lation of the United States from the
Atlantic Coast toward the West up to
1850. In the course on the teaching of
history he will address himself to
teachers particularly. The course deal-
Ing with the diplomacy of Washing
ton's time is designed for advanced
students only.
"I hope that I shall not have such
another experience here as I had at
Harvard when I gave this course in
'The' Beginnings of the West,* said
Professor Turner this afternoon. "The
students there thought It would be
something like Teddy Roosevelt's story
of the 'Winning of the West,' with In
dian fights and cowboys and Buffalo
Bills In the foreground. Some 80O ap
plied for admission to the course, but
we had to turn them off by making
certain restrictions."
Benjamin Walker, a member of the
senior class, has been retained as Pro
fessor Turner's assistant and reader
during the session.
The other noted professors of his
tory who will be associated with Pro
fessor Turner in his work at the
Berkeley Vacation School will be Pro
fessor Archibald C. Coolidge of Har
vard and Professors Henry Morse
Stephens and Bernard P. Moses of th«
University of California.
('nllforoians In New York.
NEW YORK, June 22.— The following
Californians are in New York: From
San Francisco— W. Creger at the
Broadway Central, A. Judas and J. H.
Likeness at the Wellington. W. Loewi
at the Savoy, E. H. Iavett at the
Broadway Central, W. H. MIddleton at
the Westminster, H. H. Noble at the
Savoy, F. Patterson and wife at the
York. R. L. Radke at the Wellington,
Mrs. A. R. Smith at the Broadway
Central, E. E. Walley at the Broad
way Central, W. F. Wood at the Con
tinental, B. Llebes at the Cadillac
and the Misses Schwartz and Mrs. I.
Schwartz at the Holland.
From Santa Barbara — J. D. Dreyfus
at the Imperial.
From San Diego — E. Wineburg at
the Broadway Central, Miss M.
Smith, W. E. Smyth Jr. and W. Smyth
and wife at the St. Denis.
From Los Angeles — C. R. Hixson,
Mrs. C. R. Hixson and Albert M. Isaacs
at the Herald Square, W. H. Day at
the New Amsterdam and P. Barnet
and Miss H. J. Blaney at the Astor.
SAYS HIS WIFE WOULD
SEND HIM TO ASYLUM
Sham Battle. Inspection and an En-
tertainment Are Events at
Canin Pardee.
VETERANS HAVE SPORT
ON SOLANO COUNTY DAY
PETALUMA, June 22.— The veterans
and their friends had great sport at
Camp Pardee on Wednesday. Solano
County day. The camp was crowded
with people, and it was not until after
the campnre this evening that all was
quiet in the "city of tents."
The sham battle was held at the
camp this morning and was srreatlv
enjoyed by the crowd. The battle
was between the National Reserves.
Company A. under Captain Kinsr- and
Company C. .Fifth Infantry, command
ed by CiAain J. B. Dlckson. The vet
erans wtfjl victorious. Adjutant Gen
eral J. . B. Loucks of the National
Guard of California was the honored
Ruest at. -the camp and inspected the
two companies. This evening the vet
erans were entertained by Company
C at Armory Hall. To-morrow many
of the visitors will leave for thoir
homes and Friday will end the ! en
campment in this cfty.
The passengers, who are traveling
salesmen, saved themselves by leaping
from the vehicle, but the driver and
team were carried down the steep de
clivity. Joe Santos, the driver, was
picked up unconscious and suffering
from a probable broken shoulder. The
vehicle was destroyed and the horses
badly injured, but they will recover.
DRIVER AND HIS RIG
GO OVER EMBANK3IENT
SAN MATEO, June 22. — While re
turning from Halfmoon Bay yester
day evening a spring wagon carrying
four passengers was precipitated over
a cliff and rolled down the mountain
side for a distance of nearly a hun
dred feet.
John Anderson, a Tailor. Tells a Pa
thetic Story of Cruelty on
Part of Spouse.
John Anderson, a tailor residing at
1304 Powell street, was arrested last
night on a warrant issued by Judge
Kerrigan, charging him wth insanity.
The warrant was sworn to by his wife,
Mathilda Anderson. The alleged mani
ac swears his spouse is trying to get
rid of him in order to elope with an
other man and that she wants to rail
road him to an asylum.
Anderson's tale is indeed a. sad one.
While confined in the insane ward of
the Emergency Hospital the tailor
poured forth a pathetic tale of how
he had bee"n injured by his wife.* He
says she is desirous of getting rid of
him so that she may be at liberty to
marry a man named Adolphson, who
is stated to have taken the place of
Anderson In the woman's affections.
The wife claimed to be prostrated
last night and refused to 'discuss the
trouble. She was closely watched by
a strong guard of male and. female
sympathizers from the district and
they all say that Anderson Is crazy,
though his speech and actions belie
their assertions. Anderson is 56 years
of age and his wife 45. They have
three children.
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
TO ESCAPE INVESTIGATION
Acting Administrator at Goorabri
Kills Himself When Inquiry Is Or
dered Into Native Attack.
BRISBANE, Queensland, June 22.—
Mr. Robinson, the acting Administrator
at Goorabri, New Guinea, committed
suicide by shooting June 19, after a
long conference with the new Adminis
trator, Captain Barton, who had been
instructed to Investigate the alleged at
tack by natives on the Government
steamer Merrie England. The attack,
it had been said, was really a treacher
ous slaughter of natives who had been
invited on board the steamer. ¦
DOWAGER EMPRESS GRANTS
PARDON* TO THE REFORMERS
With Three Exceptions Clemency Is
Extended to Those Who Took
Part in the Movement.
PEKING. June 22, noon.— An Imperial
edict haa Just been issued which par
dons all who were connected with the
reform movement in 1898, with the ex
ception of Kangyuwel, Uangchechau
and Sunwen. The edict was issued
upon the occasion of the celebration of
the birthday of the Dowager Empress.
Ambition is a pipe dream preceded by
a horrible nightmare and followed by a
rude awakening when the pipe goes
out.
Will Deliver Three Series
of Lectures at Summer
School of the University
«
HE IS AN AUTHORITY
Professor Frederick "J. Tur
ner Will Tell the Story
of America to Students
The trouble arose over the fact that
Arada engaged his brother to help him
repair the roofs of the buildings at the
Emeryville racetrack. He collected un
ion wages for his brother, but main
tained that his brother was only doing
helper's work. The union warned him
and then fined him, first $11 and after
ward $25, for persisting in retaining his
brother in the position. Arada then de
manded that his brother be allowed to
join the union. This was denied, and*
he then demanded the money back he
had paid in fines. This was returned
and he was expelled from the union.
He found that he was then unable to
get work and began an action to get
back into the union again.
Shinglers' Union No. 1 of this city
has been ordered by the Superior Court
to reinstate an expelled member. A
writ of mandate directed to the union
and its secretary by Judge Ogden this
afternoon commands, it to rescind its
action expelling Thomas Arada from
the organization. The Judge held that
there Is no provision in the constitu
tion and by-laws of the union provid
ing for such expulsion.
The order is the result of an action
begun by Arada against the union to
ti tnpel it to reinstate him to member
ship. The trial has consumed several
days, and the testimony developed the
fact that Arada had been a member
of the union and had been expelled be
cause he had employed his non-union
brother to help him.
The question whether the work per
formed by Fillmore Arada. the brother,
was such work as the union had Juris
diction over was not a matter the court
took into consideration. Judge Ogden
based his decision upon a review of
the proceedings of the union in regard
to the expulsion of the member. An
examination of the constitution failed
to show that there was any provision
for the expelling of a member for em
ploying non-union workmen. Had there
been such a provision, Judge Ogden
said, the union would have had the
right to expel him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 22.
They were taken to the home of Mrs.
Charles Mellln of 1721 Alcatraz avenue,
where they had been visiting. A physi
cian dressed their injuries. The child's
right leg was severely crushed, but not
broken. Mrs. Maguire lives at, 424*4
Shotwell street, San Francisco. Re
garding the accident, she said:
"I saw the cars coming together, but
it did not seem possible that the motor
men would let them come into collis
ion. It is so clear at the crossing that
there was no need for it. It was a
great piece of carelessness."
Motorman Huckstable said he
thought he had the right of way and
sent his car ahead because he had
counted on the other man stopping.
WOUNDED CAKED FOR.
Neither motorman checked his car
as he approached the crossing and the
result was the Inevitable smash, the
cars striking each other at the con
verging corners of their front ends.
Mrs. Maguire and her daughter were
sitting on the front end of the Alca
traz-avenue car, outside. They were
almost directly in line of the Tele
graph-avenue car's approach • and it
seemed that they would be crushed to
death. But the cars, striking together
on their corners, saved them. Both
mother and. child were thrown heavily
to the ground.
The clash occurred at 6:30 o'clock.
Car No. 52 of the Alcatraz-avenue line,
in charge of Motorman H. J. Hucksta
ble and Conductor J. H.' Eslick. was
moving toward Lorin station, when car
No. 195 of the Telegraph-avenue line,
handled by Motorman Charles O. Dai
ley and Conductor Hotaling, was going
toward Berkeley.
A HEAVY CLASH.
BERKELEY. June 22.— Two cars of
the Oakland Transit Consolidated col
lided this evening at Alcatraz and Tel
egraph avenues. They were full of pas
sengers, but all escaped injury with the
exception of Mrs. Frank Maguh-e and
her daughter Phyllis Maguire, aged 6
years, both oLwhom received severe
cuts and bruises. The escape of the
mother and daughter was marvelous,
as they were in a position that exposed
them to the full force of the contact.
Thd tracks are clear of obstructions
where they cross at the Intersection of
the two avenues, and the men in
charge could see the streets on all
sides for a block. Each motorman
says his car had the right of way and
that the other should have stopped at
the crossing.
The pair started toward the factory
together. Waite insists that as they
entered the shadow of the building he
was suddenly struck by Gonzales. who
had turned quickly upon his compan
ion and knocked him senseless. Waite's
garments were rifled. Then a policeman
found him Just as he recovered con
sciousness and Waite related his story.
Gonzales is about 24 years old, six feet
tall and very slender.
H. R. Waite of 29 Rausch street. San
Francisco, informed the police this
morning that he had been sandbagged
by Frank Gonzales, proprietor of a
Saratoga chip factory, and robbed of
$25. Waite claims that Gonzales lured
him to a lonely spot near Second and
Harrison streets last night and sud
denly assailed him with the sandbag.
Waite had been invited to come to
Oakland by Gonzales that they might
discuss Waite's proposal to buy the
factory. . The visitor arrived at 11
o'clock,, according to agreement, and
went to the chip establishment, there
meeting Gonzales.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. June 22.
COMES TO GIVE
HISTORY COURSE
Freedom from marriage ties was
granted Jane M. Warner to-day by
Judge Ogden from James Warner for
desertion and failure to provide.
The following divorce actions were
begun to-day: William B. Merrlck
against Annie M. Merriek, for cruelty;
Esther Rrennen agaiitst Edward E.
Brennen, for habitual intemperance;
Alice V. Foster against Charles H. Fos
ter, for failure to provide; Olivia Lavv
lor against L. Lawlor. for desertion.
Cruelty Is the basis of a complaint in
a divorce action begun to-day by
Louise Is. Merritt against Frederick A.
Merritt, nephew of the late Samuel
Merritt and the late Mrs. Catherine
Garcelon. The defendant, with his
brother, James P. Merritt, is a bene
ficiary under a trust created by the
will of Catherine Garcelon, which dis
posed of an estate valued at $500,000.
Some time after Mrs. Carcelon's death
the nephews brought an action to break
the trust cluuse, but were defeated in
their effort.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. June 22.
Unhappy Couples Resort to
the. Courts to Release.
Them From Marital Woes j
Accident Is at Crossing, 1
Each Claimed Right of
Way and Ran Full Speed
Stranger Claims He Was De
coyed to Place at Har
rison and Second Streets
WARNERS SEPARATED
At the Receiving Hospital it was
luund that Hartman's fingers weie ter
ribly burned. Dr. K. T. Stratton is
doubtful whether or not they can be
ravtd. The flesh on the palms is seared
:uid cooked. The patient stated that
he thought the wire was dead. He is
32 years of ace and is in the employ of
the Oakland Gas. Light and Heat Com
pany.
While painting: an electric light pol<*
in Bast Oakland this afternoon H. B.
Hartman took hold of a live wire. P-e
hide? receiving the heavy voltage
through his body, he was seni tumbling
down the pole, striking on his ankles
and spraininp them both. His hands
were badly burned. That the fall did
not complete what tho wire started was
<lue to the fact that he wore a safety
Strap around his waist and attached to
the noli. This saved him from a twen
tv-foot fall.
Oakland OfTU-e San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 22.
Hands Badly Burned and
Ankles Sprained From
Quick Slide From Height
STRAP SAVES HIS FALL
MOTORMEN WERE MIXED
ACCUSED 3IAN MISSING
?
Judge Ogden Issues Manda
mus for 'Reinstatement of
Wrongly Treated Member
NO PROVISION TO EJECT
Arada Bests Shinglers Who
Expelled Him From Body
Without Due Authority
H. B. Hartman Takes Firm
Hold of a Live Wire While
Painting a Light Pole
Frederick A. Merritt Made
Defendant in a Divorce
• Action Based on Cruelty
Collision Hurts Mrs. Frank
Maguire and Child, Whose
Escape Alive Is a Miracle
Visitor From San Francis
co Alleges He Was Beaten
and Kobbed in the Night
PAINTER GETS
HEAVY SHOCK
ONION MUSI
RESCIND ACT
SEEK TO SEVER
MARRIAGE TIES
ELECTRIC CARS
IN BAD CLASH
SAYS HE WAS
THUG'S VICTIM
CLAIMS FATHER
GAVE VICTORIA
FAMOUS JEWEL
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; JUNE 23, 190*.
After buying a .'revolver "for,.' the pur
pose, of committing suicide an Ohio
man -reconsidered the matter and mar
ried an' auburn-haired : widow with
seven, children.
Palo Alto /Will Celebrate.
'PALO ALTO, June 22.— Palo Alto is
planning for a great Fourth of July
celebration. The citizens have raised
$2000, which will be used in defraying
the" expenses of the day. .
The parade "will be the main feature
of the day and from the assurance the
executive committee has received it is
evident , it will be a grand success.
From San Francisco upward of 800 Na
tive Sons and Daughters have'prom
ised to attend. There will also be a
big delegation from' San Jose and other
towns along the line..
Watching the other man's patch win
aot keep the weeds out. of your own.
SAN JOSE, June 22.— The training
department of the State Normal
School held its graduating exercises
this morning. A fine musical and lit
erary programme was rendered. X)r.
Margaret Schallenberger, the principal
of the school, delivered an address.
The following pupils were granted
eighth grade diplomas: Gladys Argall.
TJlia Douglass. . Effle Downs, Bernice
Luther, Ethel Merriman. Charles Nix
on, Ira Perkins, Donald Richards. Perry
Richardson, Alex Robb, Estelle Show,
Irene Tully, Floyd Turner, Eugene Wa
terbury and Edward Yatea.
6
ADVEKTISEHElTTa.
You Must Eat,
But then there's the fear of the
pain and distress that always fol-
lows. Why not strengthen the
stomach by taking Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters and be able to
enjoy your meals ? It is far above
any other medicine as a stomach
strengthener and blood purifier
and never fails to cure Poor Ap-
petite, Dyspepsia, Indigestion,
Flatulency, Bloating, Heartburn,
Headache and Nausea. Try it and
tee for yourself. At all Druggists'.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
ADVERTISEMENTS
GOT A TOOTHACHE?
Don't attempt to cure It with any of
the so-called toothache cures. Better lei
the
DENTISTS
Examine the tooth, locate the troubl»
and remove the cause. . — .
EXAM35ATIOHS MASS TBEI.
All our work Is high grade. Tb« teeth
made in our laboratory are perfect la
appearance and action.
Pl*Ui. rull Set. $3. Brid*» Work, $3.
POST-GnADUATEOENTAL COLLEGE
3 TAYI.OK ST., 8AXI TSA1TCXSCO.
973 Washington St., Oakland. -
San Jose. > . • saenmaato.
101 "t Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKJELEY.
1148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALA3IEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
OAKLAND.
BBAXCH OFFICES •
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY,
THEY ARE HUMMERS.
EVERY ONE A WINNER.
Be sure to collect this scries.
Look at this attractive list:
1. "A Grass Widow," by Bry.
son.
2. "Footlight Favorites," by
Bryson.
3. 'Temptation," by Bryson.
4. "The Girl in Yellow," by
Bryson.
5. "Innocence," by Bryson.
6. "Constance," by Richter.
7. "Rosamond," by Richter.
8. "Mother and Child," by
.Richter. •
9. "Head Over Heels," by
' Brown- (H. A.).
10. "A Serious Case," by Hose-
land. ! - ,
Beginning with the issue of.'
July 3,
THE SUNDAY CALL
Will issue a series of the hand*
gomest Art Supplements ever
Issued by a paper in the ¦
United States.
\ TEN BEAUTIFULLY
" ILLUMINATED
ART SUPPLEMENTSCALL ¦nbscrl'berti contemplating? *
ctarffe of residence dorlnr the summer
xnontns caa hava their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify
lej- THE CALL Business Omce. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local
of e&t la aU towns oa the coast.
TO SUBSCIUBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUM3EER.
David Keating, the man who made a
disturbance in Police Judge Conlan's
court last Tuesday, when he at
tempted to throw the court bailiff out
01 a window, was found by Dr. Mc-
Gettigan yesterday to be Insane. Keat
ing was formerly an Inmate of the
State Hospital for the Insane at Napa.
He was committed to Agnew yester
day by Judge Graham. •
Keating Is Declared Insane.
The liquor sellers of San Diego can
not allow women to visit their sajoons
Recording to a decision rendered .by
the Supreme Court yesterday. E. A.
Pidgeon was arrested for violating an
ordinance against selling liquors to
persons. of bad character. The mu
nicipal authorities construed the law
to mean that women should not be
served with drinks in saloons. The
lower court refused to release Pidgeon
and the Supreme Court has affirmed
that decision, v 1
Ordinance Is Valid.
Nothing more could be learned
about the unfortunate woman. She
waa about 40 years old and cheaply
< lad. The doctors at the City and
County Hospital say death was due
to natural causes. The body, was re
moved to the Morgue, where an au
topsy will be held.
The landlady at the house where
the woman waa taken from said de
ceased rented a room on Tuesday
r.ifiht about 5 o'clock. She complained
of being ill at the time, but the land
lady said she paid no attention to
what her roomer told her, as the lat
ter had been drinking heavily and ap
peared to be on the verge of delirium
tr*»mens.
Mystery envelopes the peculiar
death of a woman known as "May"
Jast night at the CJty and County Hos
pital. The woman waa taken from the
Dolan House, 143 Third street, short
ly after 4 o'clock in a state of uncon
sciousness and passed away five hours
later without recovering from a state
of coma.
Removed From Lod^ine-House in an
Unconscious Condition and Passes
Away Soon After.
MYSTERY SURROUNDS DEATH
OF A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN"
A Jury, after hearing evidence be
fore the Coroner, decided yesterday
that Mrs. Mary Zeller of 416 O'Farrell
street came to her death as the re
sult of criminal practice on the part
of Mrs. Dr. Allen, 1118 Market street,
and charged the Allen woman with
manslaughter. Mrs/Allen was arrested
June 12, the same day Mrs. Zeller died
at the McNutt Hospital, and was
charged with murder by Detective
Braig, who swore to the complaint.
Mrs. Allen was in attendance at the
inquest yesterday, but Attorney Black
would not permit her to take the
stand when called. The evidence in
troduced was considered sufficient by
the Jury to return the verdict as
stated. Mrs. Allen is confined in the
City Prison without bail awaiting the
action of the District Attorney's of
fice.
Inquest Over Death of Mm. Mary Zel
ler Concludes With Emphatic
Verdict.
CORONER'S JURY CHARGES
WOMAN WITH MANSLAUGHTER
Division 5. Ladies' AuxWary. Jianded in the
following list o* dPlecates: Mies May Finn,
Ml5g Julia Reidy. Mlf* May nilligan. Miss
Margaret Herron and Miss Katie 1'gr.n.
The members of the Ancient Order
of Hibernians, assisted by the Ladies'
Auxiliary, are making active arrange
ments for their annual picnic, which
will be held at Schuetzen Park. San
Rafael, on July 4. The coming outing
promises to be 'the most successful
ever held by the organization and 1
loyal Irishmen from all parts of the
State will gather on the occasion. !
The programme prepared by the |
executive committee is a long and
varied one. There will be games and
events for professional and amateur,
young and old. Cash . prizes will be
given In all the important events.
.Special trains and boats will leave for
the scene of merriment at short inter
vals. The floor committee of the day
is as follows:
r.. P. Hogan. chairman: anstolanu — O'B.
O'Reilly, Miss Kate Flynn. Martin Lac*>y. M.
.T. Mcl>nnott. T. J. Mltchtll. James Lynch, j
Pantel Harnody. John r>onohu»\ E. O. Sulll- I
van. Lawrence Barry. l>anl< < l E. Collins. Krl- !
tvard Roor.sn. Frank J. Clancy. Krtward Pallas,
Mlrs n. Kgan, Mlr=3 V.innle Illggino. Miss
Kate O'Connor. Miss K. Hean, Mr£. William
M'irphy and FVanT« Min^han. j
Elaborate ProKramnie Is Planned for
Grand Picnic at Schuctzen
Park on July 4.
In the complaint it is alleged that
the plaintiffs agreed to lease the house
while it was still under construction
at a rental of ?1200 a month, and
rhat they took possession on the sec
ond day of June, moving in 510,897
worth of furniture and carpets. They
¦were to indemnify the owner with a
chattel mortgage for $10,000. They
say that they were notified to deliver
this mortgage on June 2. They aver
that they tendered the mortgage and
demanded a copy of the lease, but
Mrs. Hancock declined to comply and
refused to accept the mortgage.
Since then, it is declared. Mrs. Han
cock has been annoying and molest
!nc the plaintiffs and threatening to
eject them, and that she has notified
the tenants In the house not to pay
any rent to the landladies and there
fore the tenants have not paid. It is
alleged that ehe will wreck and ruin
the business if not restrained by the
court. The plaintiffs ask for dam
ages in the sum of $10,000 and de
mand the acceptance of the mortgage
«nd the delivery of the lease in ac
cordance with the agreement.
Troubles between the owner and the
landladies of the Iroquois Apartment
house at 524 Ellis street have been
brought into court. The possession of
the premises, a mortgage and lease
and $10,000 damages are involved in
the suit commenced yesterday, in
which Marie Malar and Mr?. M. A.
Baird seek to enjoin Elizabeth Han
cock and Curtis Hillyer, trustee, from
Interfering their business or mo
lesting them in their occupancy of the
house.
Landladies of Iroquois A*»k Court to
Restrain Ovvncr From Interfering:
With Their Oecur»ancy.
SEEK HEAVY DAMAGES
FROM WEALTHY OWNER
HIBERNIANS MAKING READY
FOR THEIR ANNUAL. OUTING
The citizens of this city are begin
ning the preparation of an event in
honor of the new Secretary of the De
partment of Commerce and .Labor,
Victor H. Metcalf — that, is, if the dis
tinguished Congressman accepts the
Cabinet position made vacant by the
resignation of Secretary Cortelyou.
If the Congressman's decision is
¦what is expected a banquet will be ar
ranged to commemorate the promo
ition of the man from the West. It
will dwarf all other efforts of those
who have assembled to honor an il
lustrious guest. The matter will be
taken up by the Chamber of Com
merce and in conjunction with other
commercial organizations of the city
it will hurry forward all preparations
for the great gathering, which will be
State-wide in its scope.
How the Citizens .Will Receive Con
gressman Victor Metcalf if He
Accepts the Offered yo-t.
GRAND BAXQUET TO THE
NEW CABINET OFFICER
tance. j
Mayor R. F. Johnson, assisted by |
prominent ladies of Monterey, royally j
entertained the visitors on Tuesday i
night at the historic mansion where he j
makes his residence. j
The officers elected were: President, |
H. W. Goode, who is president of. the'
Portland General Electric Company!
and director general of the Lewis and j
Clark Exposition: vice president, C. j
H. Pennoyer of the United Gas and j
Electric Company of San Jose; secre
tary. George P. Low, editor of the j
Journal of Electricity, who has been
secretary ever since the organization.
The constitution and by-laws of the
association were amended so as to per- j
mit corporations and individuals en
gaged in the generation and distribu
tion of electric power to become mem- I
hers. Heretofore the membership was ¦
limited to those engaged In the actual j
transmission of electric power to a dis- (
Among those attending are: C. H.
Pennoyer, C. L. Cory. J. A. Lighthipe,
H. L. Shannon, W. W. Briggs, C.» W.
Hutton, W. H. Hall. A. D. Wempe. F.
J. Cram. R. B. Elder, M. A. Farns
worth. George H. Rowe. W. C. Clark.
F. E. Smith, W. W. Hanscom. R. W.
Van Norden, C. W. Whitney. G. R. de
Vore, George P. Low, Orion Brooks. E.
V. D. Johnson, S. J. Hendy. J. L. Hol
land, H. A. Russell, Robert McF. Do
ble, John R. Cole. F. A. Ross, Frank
Fowden. Milton Shulaw, J. A. Clay. L.
F. Munhall. T. W. Tetley, F. V. T. Lee.
W. D. Ward, E. B. Bolger, F. G. Baum,
Clem A. Copeland. R. B. Daggett, A. H.
Babcook. E. Dressier, J. G. Scrugham,
E. C. Holbertson and P.' M. Downing.
Papers on subjects of great .import
ance to the electrical interests were
read and discussed during the remain
der of the day. The writers were A. J.
Bowie Jr.. A. M. Hunt, R. W. Van Nor
den, E. G. de Wald. H. G. Aylsworth,
H. A. Russell, H. A. Bullard. Sidney
Sprout, W. F. Lamme and R. B. Elder.
Bowie stirred up a lively discussion on
the subject "Oil Fuel Versus Water
Power in Transmission Service."
The last four presented papers on
"Single Phase Electrical Machinery"
and its application to electric railway
operation, transmitting power, etc.
Two. illustrated lectures were given
in the evening.
The business of the convention was
concluded this morning, and the after
noon was devoted to a cruise in
launches on the bay, followed by a ban
quet at the Monterey. A clambake on
the beach Thursday will be the finale.
Mayor R. F. Johnson delivered an ad
dress of welcome. He waa followed by
R. H. Willey and Brigadier General
William Quinton, who spoke on the re
sources and advantages of Monterey.
MONTEREY, June 22.— The eighth
annual convention of the Paclfio Coast
Electrical Transmission Association
opened at Bagby's Opera-house yester
day, with an attendance of about sixty
electrical representatives, including
many of the leading electrical engineers
of the coast.
E»«oUl Dispatch to Tb* Call,
Mar)' Ford asks for divorce from
Marvin Ford because he was convicted
of a robbery on June 19. She alleges
that he deserted her on February 16,
130L
Among the complaints for divorce
filed was that of Nellie V. Landis
p. gainst Charles A. Landis, in which
5he alleged that they were married at
Reno. Xev., on July S. 1002. and that
his cruelty to her began two weeks
afterward. Further acts of brutality
upon occasions specified in the com
plaint included breaking the family
dishes and blackins her eyes. Alto
gether she is forced to consider his
disposition as "savage."
CRUEL IN HOYEYMOOX.
Presiding Judge Graham yesterday
ordered John J. Rutherford committed
to Jail for five days for contempt of
court in failing to pay his wife, Mary.
$35 a month alimony under an order of
tb* court issued on May 21. Ruther
ford cued for divorce on the ground of
cruelty and. among other things, al
leged "that his wife was unclean and
had not bathed within two years.
Judge Graham, in a hearing of the
rase, not only found the woman was
cleanly, but rendered a written opinion
thereon and required the husband to
provide $35 a month for her separate
maintenance. He will have to pay the
money at once or go behind the bars.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Murasky to Lura M. Cowan
from Benjamin C. Cowan on the
pround of neglect, custody of child to
wife: to Tillie A. Hammill from Joseph
A. Hammill. cruelty; to Jeannette
Colle from Joseph Colle. cruelty. $15 a
month alimony: by Judge Kerrigan to
Elizabeth Price from John W. Price,
willful neploct; to Lena Lubura from
John B. Lubura. desertion and habitual
intemperance; by Judge Seawell to
Nelli" McDonald from Albert E. Mc-
Donald, willful neglect and intemper
ance.
J. A. Kenny yesterday aued Belle
Kenny for divorce, alleging infidelity
and naming William H. Cullen as co
respondent. In his complaint Kenny
eays that they were married at Salinas
on Christmas day, 1SS9. and have a son,
Lorln, 14 years old. He declares that
on May 1. 1902. she committed the act
complained of and has been living
•with Cullen ever since. At the various
places, here and at Los Angeles where
The pair have resided. Kenny says, she
has been known as "Mrs. Cullen."
FREEDOM IS COSTLY.
Hannah Johnson, nrho wants her
maiden name of Ek restored by the
court, brought suit yesterday for di
vorce from Alexander Johnson, the
owner of a half Interest In a livery
stable at 1227 Pterce street and of
thirty horses therein. She avers that
he is in receipt of an incom« of $500 a
month and out of that sum she asks
the court to award her S150 monthly
alimony. They were married at San
Jose September 20, 1900. She charges
that he has deserted her and neglected
to provide for her support.
John Cross was killed by Brzobohata
during a quarrel in Chicago many
years ago. Brzobohata was convicted
and sent to the penitentiary, but on his
release he Joined his wife in the plan to
care for Cross' daughter. • After Brzo
bohata's death two years ago the wid
ow redoubled her efforts and made
more rigid her economy, for she was
nearing 70 years. But a thief has un
done the work of years, and friends of
the widow fear the loss will have a se
rious effect upon her.
CHICAGO, June 22.— Mm." Annie
Brzobohata, an aged widow, has been
robbed of $1700, which she had .been
accumulating- during sixteen years to
be used as part recompense for a
wrong committed by her husband. The
money was kept beneath a cupboard in
the house. Through nearly two decades
Mrs. Brzobohata struggled and suffered
to raise a fund which at her death
might be left to Miss Marie Cross, who
was made fatherless at the hands of
Brzobohata, and who for several years
has made her home with Mrs. Brzobo
hata.
Pleasure Is Mixed With De
liberations and Meeting
Ends With Big Clambake
John P. Butherford May Be
Jailed for Failure to Pay
His Wife $35 a Month
Victim Is Nearing Seventy
Years and Loss Will Have
Serious Effect Upon Her
MAXY PAPERS ABE BEAD
31UST PAT OR BE JAILED
ALL HEE PLANS FUTILE
Convention of Pacific Coast
Transmission Association
Is Held at Monterey
Steal $1700 She Had Saved
to Give to Daughter of Man
Killed by Her Husband
Hannah Johnson's Husband
Said to Have Failed to
Provide for Her Support
THIEVES ROB
HOME OF WIDOW
MASTERS TALK
OF ELECTRICITY
WANTS ALIMONY
OF LIVERYMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 1901
7
— I .
IT'S FUNNY how so many men act.
They toil and labor and struggle.
AND NEVER for a moment think of
rest, or recreation, or pleasure.
AND HOW FOOLISH for those re-
siding in this vicinity, when right
at their door lies the playground,
quickly and cheaply reached.
IF YOU WILL NOT occasionally
give up the daily grind,
DO NOT make your wife and chil-
I dren continually walk the treadmill.
AT LEAST give them a chance for
a little change of air that will bring
some color to thefr checks.
PERHAPS then you will find time to
visit them over Sunday.
AND FORGET yourself as your
children poke grass down your
neck, and in your nose and eyes
! and cars.
GET OUT once in a while and romp.
BREAK AWAY and give your fani-
iiy'a chance to get acquainted with
you,
AND CALL or write for
VACATION 1904
A book of 160 pages issued by the
California Northwestern Railway
; Company (The Picturesque Route of
; California), giving Camping l.oca-
; tions, Hotels. Mineral Spring Resorts
and a long list of Country Homes
i where board for the Summer can be
secured at from $7.00 per week up.
Ticket Offices. «5f> Market St. (Chronl-
cl« Building,) and Tiburon Ferry, foot of
Market fit. General Office, Mutual Ufo
Building. Sansome and California Sts.,
San Kranclsco.
JAS. I-. KRAZIER. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RTAN, Gen'l Tass. Agt.
H.S.B.R. TOCALOMA JUrin Oj
B'.Ttrar.d Hotel :/llr*t- class accommodations,
special rates for families and parties: Orbing,
hunting, boating, bathlne: beautiful drives to
Hear Valley, telephone. JOSKFH F. BER-
TRAND, or Bulletin Of flee, every Thursday, 2
to 4 o. 111.
AKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE— Hooltnd to Bartlett Springs
via Lakeport. carrying pa"ssenRers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Kprlnes. . Stages, connect with
trains at norland. Leaw llopland at 12:3u;
arrive at LakeDort at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett
. Springs at 7:30. New fi- horse 14-passenger
tourist wagons, with all the most modern lm-
i proveroonts. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
il<tt Springs, call tor tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at oftjeu
o{ California N. W. Ky.. C50 Market «.. or
at Tiburon ferry.
MILt^ER A HOWARD. Props.
WKTE STTLPffTTB SPRINGS, Tallejo
Cal.— Most accessible springs to San Krancisco;
round trip $1. no stage fare; only 2% hours'
ride; 5 mile* from Vallejo: hot, ¦ cold and
plunge eulphur bathe; wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney liver and
etomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak*
for boatinr and bathing. Dancing pavilion
New bowline; alley and shuffle board. Rates
$10 a week. Includinc baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID, Vallejo. Cal.
OCCXOEZTTAZi ZOTZK, BATWABSS,
First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowline,
amusement hall, etc. Special rates to famine*
Terms reasonable. A. CAUDARD. Prop., pboaa
Black 141. .
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully located la
redwoods 5 miles from Santa Cruz. Spring !
water, "fruit, mili. excellent table; dally mail;
free conveyance; $7 week; phone Suburban SI
MRS. W. CRANDELL. Santa Cruz. Cal.
scEAErra's grove — boss valley.
Private boarding; terms reasonable. Team
meets Sunday morning trains. Address UKi
MATT LINPSAT. Rots Station. .
SIVEKSIDE HOTEL and COTTAGES
— Near beach; 30 acres beautiful grounds; spe-
cial rates to families: write for booklet. F.
BARSON. Proprietor. Santa Crux.
BELLE VTJE XOTtL, El Verano. So-
noma Co.. -Cal Terms, fl day and up; hot
mineral springs near by. Long dlstanc*. tele-
phone; daily mail. JOHN SERRES, Proprietor.
COTXBTTBT BOARD — Orchard, garden,
'¦ poultry, cows, comfortable home. Address
MANZANA FAKM. Redwood City. '.
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa -Cruz Mountains;
cottages . and trnts for light housekeeping or
camping. A. J. GIBBS, Ugr., Gibbs, Cal.
Highland
Spripgs
Has More Distinctive Points That Ap-
peal to Those Going- to tha Country
Than Any Other Resort.
THE VARIETY AND EXCELLENCE
OF THE BATHS AND MINERAL
WATERS; the many amusements —
dancing, swimming, tennis, bowling, cro-
quet, shuffleboard. etc.; a fine three-piece
orchestra; the shady grounds; electric
lights; good table; plastered rooms;
dairy; Hvery stable, etc.. prove . this.
Terms, $10.00 up.
For booklet and rates address
H. R. DUFFIN, 638 Market St.,
or CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs, lake Co.. CaL ¦
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs Wm?M
The most Ideal resort for pleasure and
health on the Paclf.c Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to Ban
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. San Luis
Obispo. Cal., and return, including stage
,to and from springs and one' week's
board for i*-O.lM» to J*2-.OO, according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations ?».OO to $12.O<> per week.
Scenic surroundings, free bathing,
boating and fishing on grounds. Fine
• shady walk?, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for guests. Fine sea.
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San. Luis Obispo at 3:13 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This is no hospital or sanatorium.
JF Situated In Vendome Park of 12 if
\Jv acres, a charming summer resort; M
> both city and country advantages; r
automobile garage on the grounds AA
free to guests. Bathing pavilion, I W
bowling alleys, tennis, etc. New au- 81
to road map of the county mailed H
1 on application.
M> . J. T. BROOKS. Manager. _ \
PARAISO SPRINGS
Monterey Conntj, Cal.
The most popular sanitary and health
resort In California. Completely renovated
and improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur baths, large
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to F. W.
SCHROEDER. Manager, or PECK'S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU. 11 Montgomery at.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
••IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
BEX LOMOND— Santa Cruz County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Opened May 15 under entirely new man-
agement Round trip trlckets from San Fran-
cisco $3 For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery st.. S. F.. or to WILLIAM O.
DODGE. Lessee.
Harbin Springs
Most desirable In Lake Co. : contains sulphur.
Iron, magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles; new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and bUllard-room. Acetylene gas
plant, livery, home dairy, tine vegetable garden.
Rcund trip tickets, S. P. office. *7. J. A.
HATS. Proprietor.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Guernevllle In a grove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; will build a dam la the river; 4 miles
of smooth water tor boating and bathing.
Adults $2 per day. $10 per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C OTO-
PIUS. CamD Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County. CaL
KLAMATH SPRINGS7
Beswick. Slsklyou County. California.
Write to F.DSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st-. or at J.
MARTENS. Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
.__.__,_ Menlo Park, one hour from
llnlTTf O cttv - Nlne trains dally. Per-
nllll I \ fect cUmate; beautiful place;
1 1 U I I I V comfort acd quiet; excellent
table.
AddresaW. J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. Holtfs School.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively Improved: 1900 feet altitude; no
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot. cold baths; spring water; cement
swimming tank, 40xS0. Rates $S week up; stage
meets train. Schuler k Scheben. Napa. Cal.
JOHflNNISBERC.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room : hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
ir.p; $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURG JR.. Prop.. Oakville. Napa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
¦y^ft> i^C^tzl Awning's. Hanxraocks
WnWI HiirTCwi W. A. FLTJ2CMXR.
Tet Main 549, ill Clay st
DCDHCHPIM Delightfully '¦ situated In the
DCKUjllLI.U Santa Cruz Redwoods.* Rates
$7 and $8 per week. For particulars address G.
*-. B1EDENWEG. R. IX 121. Santa Crua. CaL
GRAND OPENING
and Dedication of the Exten-
sive Beach Improvements at
"New"
Santa Cruz
Saturday Ev'ng, June 1 1
Grand Flrtworlts Display by California
Fireworks Co. Brilliant Electrical Illu-
minations of Pacific Ave. and Esplanade.
Neptune Casino. Plunge- Eatbs asd Pleas-
ure Pier. Third Artillery Band. U. 3. A..
Concert and Ball.
Special Excursions via S. P. Ry
Tuscan
Mineral Springs.
OPSXT EVEBT SAT XV THS TEAS.
?v TO WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: A year and
tnree months ago I was attacked with that
terrible Oisease, locomotor ataxla. Power to
Balance, stand, or even sit down, entirely lost.
Two best doctors of San Francisco and Hot
Springs. Ark., failed to help me. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work. I bad
catarrh cf stomach, head, and bladder as a re-
sult of the disease: theae troubles becamo
chronic. At times my heart would beat like a
arum, my *y es grew weak, my memory bad.
TJ nerves wrecked. Three months ago I went
to Tuscan Springs. What happened since was
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank tb» waters,
took the baths — after three weeks' treatment
stomach, bowels, bladder and kidneys la per-
fect condition, eyesight perfect, nervousness
gone, memory good. After three months' treat-
ment, walked without a cane, with eyei closed
and up and down steep hills; am cured of this
dread disease, now walk wtth slight limp.
Have run stores In seventeen towns of th»
State of CalUornia; am well known In down-
town districts of San Francisco: Inquiry ther»
win prove truth of my helpless condition thre»
months ago. Further informatlcn. addrw*
LOUTS JACOBS. 6 Stockton st.. San Ftaaciaco.
We have hundreds of testimonials from
others. Send 6Oc In stamp* for bottle of
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round-trip ticket*
at reduced rates. Southern PaclSc
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP.,
Tuscan, Cal.
CAZADERO
Tb* Qm of All Northern Estreat*.
Orove, Portst. Glade and Dell.
Crest. Canyon. Hill and Dal*.
Xaoil, JCnob, Peak and Mountain.
The home of the trout and the haunt of the
<le*r. Reached over the North Shor» Ry.. -via
Sausallto Ferry.
A year ago I leased thla resort for a nuai-
Ber of years. To-day 1 have the pleasure t»
tell you that, owing to last season'* big and
unprecedented partonage. I have purchased thl»
magnificent domain of over 12QO acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made r\t all tb« prop-
erties, insuring the best of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter ¦ of recreation
a new building containing a bowling alley ha*
b»en added, also a new tennis court and boat-
•r.g and bathing on the river, all free to guest*.
Free camping grounds In the Cazadero giant
redwoods from Hay until October, but sani-
tary mle« must be complied with, i
Lots, one-quarter acre for sale, from $100
op. and cottages built to suit at city figures.
Take Saasallto Ferry via North Shore Rail-
road. P.ound trip good for six months. $3 73.
Round trip. Friday till Monday. W; no stag-
irg: depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot.
tages. $2 per day; $10 to $14 per week; special
rate by the month.
For particulars other than herein glv«n writs
J. J THIRION. owr-er and manager. Hotel del
Cazadero. Sonoma Co.. Cal.. or North Shore
R. R. office. 628 Market st.. Saa Francisco.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to the-
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line in the State. Leaves Calls.
toga daily (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin. Seigler. Adams, Howard An-
derson. Hobergs. Spier*. Astorgs and Glen-
brook: fcalf hour for lunch at Callstoga: also to>
Middietown. Lower Lake. Keiseyville and!
Lakeport. Uvery In connection.
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AMD
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving S. F.
at 8:03 p. m. Returning, connects at Trucks*
with train reaching. S. F. at 7:50 a. m.
THE TALLAC
Now opea. The Summer Resort of America.
European plan only. Cafe first class. Prices rea-
sonable. Resident physician. No consumptives.
Pamphlets at S. P. office. «3 Market streetl
Address SI. LAWRENCE ft CO., Tallac. CaL
BROCK WA \r
Lake Tahoe.
OFESS JUXB 1st.
Writs FIUXK B. ALVEHSOK. M*r ..
Broclcway. Cat.
BTJBXCOV PAJUC— A delightful resort
on shores of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beac^
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly flshlag and
bunting in season. Boats, fishing tackle and;
horses at moderate hire. Rates $3 a day or
from $10 to $16 per week. P. O. aad telepnon*.
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Taaoe. Cal.
IASE SHOKE HOUSE — Glenbroolc.
Nev. Cottage* to rent $3 up. 1st- class board, mils
aad crtam. fresh vegetables. D. COU1LLARD.
_— — — — — — — -^—^— __^___
HFFP PARK" rVV" n<1 «*tages; 6 rallee from
UCXtt I AKft 111 11 Lak* Tahoe: epea Juaa la
elevation 6507 feet; mineral springs. BooUas
Travelers* Office. 30 Montgomery st.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaJ.
WZQT3TOY H0US3S,
Truekee. Car. The leanlnz hotel. Headquar-
, ters for tourists and commercial men. Sutnrn-r
and winter resort. Mral station tor puwa.
gers. Stage for Lakes Independence and Web-
ber. Camobell Hot Sarings and SlerravUl*.
STEWART McKAT. proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing: boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee. in an unbroken
forest. For information lnqulro at Traveler
office. 30 Montgomery St.. Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. Clemens. Truckee. Cal.
TRIICKFF mtc*
SUMMER RESORT. SPORTSMEN'S LODOK.
Fourth season. Sierra attractions. California's
largest rainbow hatchery. Finest fishing. G.
H. FOULKS. Verdi. Nev.. ©r Nevada block.
San Francisco.
CAMPBEZJ* HOT SPR13TCr3.
In Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sierra County,
5000 feet elevation.- Are beautifully located
at the head of the great Sierra Valley. ;:¦>
miies long by 5 miles wide, surrounding which,
is the great primeval forest of pine and fir. A
siwc'.atty Is made of the table. The hot spring*
are uiienualed for the cure of rheumatism,
gout, liver an.l kidney complaints and all bloo<t
and skin diseases. Rates for room and board.
$11 to $12 per week. Round trip from San
Francisco to springs via Boca. $14 BO. 3tax«
A\\'y except Sunday, connecting wlta i p. m.
train from San Francisco.
THE GEYSERS
The Most ramons Health and Fle*nr«
Resort In California.
THE CUMAXK AND SCENERY are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged ths
; best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, hunting, fishing,
dancing, shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable in connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath bouses and grounds ar»
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with tbe best the
market affords. Rates. $10. $12. $14 and $1«
per week. For further particulars and booklet
writs R. H. CURRY. Prop. Th« Geysers.
Sonoma County. California.
Agua Cal iente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year rour.d; the nearest H6t Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
Btasfne; rare SI 10: sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and .ill kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub*and plunge
baths and th? largest mineral water swimming
lank In the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day, $12 to $14 per week.
Sp«clal rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st.,
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Calieate
Spring?. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room: can seat 400 guests.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? . NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SURF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P. SNELL, MANAGER.
OlfA f*f*O HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
UlxMUUu COUNTY; only 4% hours
from San Francisco and
*"^™™"™™"" but 9 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues: best natural
hot mineral water bath In State: boating and
swimming In Warm Spring Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers: FIRST-CLASS HOT^L AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
Tiburon ferry daily at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine years. Patronage of
1903 unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery St.. or of
J. F. MCLGREW, Skaggs. Cal.
M ARK WEST
H '*£ E o? EB SPRINGS
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
will manage the springs: many Improvements:
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place:
$2 day; $10 and $12 week. Office. 833 Larktn
»t., cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs, Santa
Rosa. Rural No. 6.
I CAMP CURRY ;
n Get circulars at all railroad offices. ',
? Advertised by 4000 guests. < ,
j YOSEMITE ,
i 1 1
BLUEi
Ideal summer resort: hunting, boating, ftsh-
Ing. Muaic every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAN. Midlake P. O.. Lake Co., Cal..
or call on Dr. Happersberger, 1104 Market. S. F.
i_..a.is;:Bj!3
Hotel EL GARMELO
Paelfio Grove. California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts.
The Dlaoe to spend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board $2 60 a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. COR DY, Manager.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
' Not a hospital: best equipped on Coast; mod-
ern improvements; large treatment rooms;
Ideal location; 5Vi acres; one block from street
cars; write for literature. San Jose. CaL
VICHY SPRINGS
Three miles from Uklah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters. champagn« baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal
spring; accommodations and table first clasa. •
J, A. KEDEMEYER. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 15. Two miles from Hoplaad.
Fine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week.
Napa Soda Springs.
Tha .famous mountain health and pleasure
resort Is mow open for tbe patronage of to*
public. ¦;. '.Address JOHN JACOBS.
OwiSnimerHofflj 3££55£c5. Cmp MeeSrer
Pur <*ftvater. equable climate, lots selling $10
up; '-. cottages built by Meeker. $50 up; depot:
storca: restaurant; hotel; post and - express:
telephone ;i saw mill;. 900 lots sold; 300 cottages
bulltr'-Sausallto ferry. N. S. R. R. M. C
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively Improved since - last, season.
Opened April l.THOS. L. BELL. Mgr., Felton,
Cal. Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge.
foot of Market street. Round trip. $3.00.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Open June 1. new hotel; large dining-room,
telephone, hunting, Cehing, swimming, bowl-
ing, dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau.
30 Montgomery st. DR-^W. A. McCORNACK,
proprietor. .« - .
IiIHDNEB'S PARK, Gueraeville.
A resort for your family.- Partly' furnished
cottages, $12 per month and up. Tents and
platforms. Near Russian River. Board aad
room at $7 50 per ««L See PECK'S. IX
Montgomery - st.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
BARTLETT does not guarantee to
cure all the ills that humanity is
heir to, but thousands of people
have been benefited by the use of
Bartlett Water and many cured.
If you would improve your health,
and have a grand good time, come
to Bartlett Springs, where there is
a resident physician, a manager of
amusements and competent mas-
seurs.
Housekeeping cottages, $3 00 to
1 $6 00 per week.
Send ,for a booklet that will tell
you all about Bartlett.
Write J. E. McMAHAN. Bartlett
Springs, Cal., or call at 2 Sutter st.,
San Francisco.
There are cottages at
AETNA SPRINGS
You will find them much
preferable to a noisy hotel.
It's healthful to sleep out
under the trees that way.
Just send for booklet.
Aetna Springs Co., Napa
County, Cal.
Santa Catalina- Island
S\i Hours From Los Angeles. Season l!»01.
Our Famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain goat, sailing, bathing,
coir, tennis and tbe finest fishing on the
Cams) Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tent* at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metropole.
Modern !n all particulars.
For further information address
PECK # 8 INFORMATION BUREAU. 11
Montgomery st., or BANNING CO., 222 S.
Spring st.. Los Angeles.
DR.. O. C. O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL. SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
scrt on the coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world; 46
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and 8. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
SO cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water. , boats, bathing and fishing free. Meats
served at Hotel Riverside at reasonable rates.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office
101'IU Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. San
Francisco.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Every one knows that Adams water cures
stomach, liver and kidney diseases.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write to W. R. PRA-
THER.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America.
THE ROBSON ORCHESTRA COMPANY
¦ nd DR. MONROE CALLENDER will furnish
the best music ever played at any resort in
the State. Boating, swimming, marine tobog-
gan, mineral springs, new livery. EDGAR
DURNAN. owner and proprietor. Laurel Dell
P. O.. Lake Cdunty, Cal.
nil fl ft &l llot s P rln *": o" Une Soutn-
| J y 18] em Pacific; -Vi hours from
Kl n I I IS San " 3 trains
15 I 11 dally; luxurious mineral
U I HUM and "™" 1 baths; hotel
unique in cuisine service
nnJ appointments.- Information at S. P. Co.
Kureau, 613 Market *t.. Peck's Bureau 11
Montgomery St.. or H. R. WARNER, Byron
Hot Springs. Cal
. / - - . ¦" ~^~~"*
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Eituated on Clear Lake. Hunting, fishing,
boating, launch, horses. . tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm roda geyser In bathhouse*, club-
house. etc.. Increased accommodations, modem
conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed Table a
specialty. Rates per week, $10 to $13. Photos
and Information at Chatfield & Vlazenfs 228
Montgomery st.. or LEE D. CRAIG Manager.
Soda Bay. Kelseyvltls P. O., Lake Co., Cal.
SEICLER sp^Sos
Have many wonderful facilities for health and
pleasure. Our famous hot baths and stomach
waters are a positive cure for Rheumatism,
Malaria, Bladder. Liver. Kidney & all Stomach
Troubles. Arsenic Beauty Baths. Swimming
Pond. Orchestra, Dairy. Electric Lights. Rates
S10 to *12 per week. Baths k amusements free
Booklet Peck's. 11 Montgomery, and S. P. Co.]
613 Market st.. or H. H. HcGOWAN, Selgler,
Lake County. . -
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management: no staging; depot on
grounds; phone; faro S2 40; Tiburon ferry;
rates $10 to $15 week; table first class; our
own dairy: bot mineral baths; tnvlmmlng tank;
livery; billiards: croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery st.. or v BARKER St
ROSS, Lytton Spring!, Sonoma County, Cal.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Crux Kountalaa.
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery, or S. P. Co.. 013 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prop., Ben Lomond. Cal.
HO FOB CAMP HEEKER! NEW ENGLAND HOME!
Located in a beautiful grove close to the
lake; fine playground for the children: swings,
croquet, bowling and tennis, boating and bath-
ing, pavilions with pianos, fresh fruits In
Plenty. Hoard and lodging. - only $« to $7 • er
week. Address GEORGE HARISON. Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County.
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
Under new management. Up to date. Beau*
¦ tlful grounds. Running stream and pond with
good fishing. Playgrounds for children. Fre«
carriage meets all trains. J. p. CELLA. Mgr.
LA HONDA AND PESCADBRO
Buy your rallnjad ticket to Redwood City: 9
a. m. train. 3d aiid .Townsend, and 0:20 a.n».
train from San Jose connect with stages direct
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood Citjr.
Cal.. ¦ .A young man, unhappily possessed of clever fingers
and an easy 'swallowed, a fictitious check that
he was trying to pass the other day' upon a tradesman.
Now the offender is awaiting trial with; the uncomforta
ble^realization that there v are some words a fellow can't
eat and escape the consequences of their utterance.
Good specs, eyeglasses. 15c-50c. 79 4th
st* front of Key's Cel. Oyster House. •
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market at*
Special Information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by th«
Press CMpping Bureau ( Aliens). 23<> Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1043, •
IT seems probable that the Prohibition party will nom
inate General Miles for the Presidency. The Gen
eral has been credited'with a willing mind as to a
Presidential nomination and has had favor in some sec
tions of the Democratic party. He is aged, rich and of
active mind, and will find a continuation of that stimulus
of excitement to which soldiers are accustomed by lead
ing a forlorn, hope in the Presidential race.
The Prohibition party; will probably be wiser in nomf
aating him than-he in accepting. The first purpose of a
MILES, FOR- PRESIDENT.
One of reminders of the early friend
ship of Japan for America now adorns
the grounds of the naval academy at
Annapolis, Md. Suspended in a pagoda
like structure Just off "Lovers' Lane"
is a queer-looking bronze bell of unique
design.:. It usually attracts the atten
tion of visitors, but few ever learn that
it possesses a history of Importance
It was presented to Commodore Mat
thew Perry on July 12, 1S54, by the re
gent of the Lewchew Islands, a depend
ency of the Japanese empire. Commo
dore Perry was at that time command,
er In chief of the United States squad
ron' In the Asiatic seas and Minister,
Plenipotentiary, charged with the duty
Japan's First Gift to Us.
In those lands where horses are the
food of men, all manner of flesh goes
the way of the sausage machine. Re
cently there had to be slaughtered at
Ghent an elephant well known In Bel
gium by the name of Jack, the last,In
habitant* of the zoological garden, and
his ' flesh, which is* stated to have
weighed 3SOO pounds, op nearly two tons,
all went to the sausage makers. In ad
dition there were 1100 pounds of •bone;
head, 250 pounds; heart, 60 pounds;
liver, 100 pounds; tongue, 30 pounds;
skin, 1000 pounds and viscera, 600
pounds. . .
Elephant Sausage'.
Reports from St. Louis are, very grateful in the in
formation that not only California but Californians are
greatly in evidence at the exposition. Many hundreds
of the representative citizens of the State have already
visited the fair, not only to their own advantage, but
to ours, showing the world not simply what we" have
done, but who have done it. ¦/• .
A young man arrested ' at Livermore for robbery
claims that he is a son of an Indian Rajah whose way
in life has been in dark and dangerous places. Whether
the young 'man offers his explanation in extenuation or
justification of; the act of which he is accused is not
clear. In most robberies in which the Rajahs piay star
parts they have been the victims, not the marauders.
Flemish has enriched its vocabulary
by a new word for automobile. It
comes from "snel," rapid; "paarde
loos," horseless; "zoondeerspoorweg,"
without rails; "petroolrljtulg," driven
by petroleum. How would you like to
be hit by a "snelpaardelooszoondeer
spoorwegpitroolrJJtulg?
Dangerous.
A local teamster was arrested the other day, for run
ning down and injuring a cyclist on a public thorough
fare. When will the marvels of our gay Western life
cease? Let the injured wheelman take unto himself
all the glories of vicarious suffering for a tribe
which has terrorized pedestrians and horsemen alike.
Catastrophe to a bicyclist is distinctly in the nature of
retribution. '>:;:.
In addition there Is given la this re
port the followinc as to losses: Died
of disease, 2795 officers, 221,791 men;
accidental deaths, except drown*
lnjr, 142 officers and 2372 men;
drowned, 106 officers and 433? men:
murdered, 47 officers and 432 men; kill
ed after capture. 14 officers and 90 men;
committed suicide, 26 officers and 3«3
men; executed by United States mili
tary authority, 267 men; executed by
# the enemy, 4 officers and 60 men;, died
from sunstroke, 5 officers and 308 men;
from unknown causes. 62 officers and
1972 men: causes not stated. 23 officers
and 12,093 men; total. 9584 officers and
349.944 men: grand aggregate. 3 3 9.52 3.
After the report had been completed
the adjutant • received evidence of
deaths in Southern prisons of men not
previously reported, to the number of
! 694. which increased the grand aggre
gate to 360,222. Of this number 30,102
were prisoners of war at the time of
death.
THE CIVIL WAR— M. and Veteran?.
Veterans' Home, CaL In a statistical
exhibit of deaths in the Union army
during the Civil War, compiled under
the direction of Adjutant General
Drum by Joseph W. Klrklej, tha
causes of death are given as follows:
Killed In action, 4142 officers, 62.9 IS
men; died of wounds received In ac
tion, 2223 officers. and 40.789 men, mak
ing a total of 67,053 killed In action and
43.013 from wounds, or a grand total of
110,071. - .,.'V '<\)
'Answers to Queries.
RAILS— S., City. The average weight
of railroad rails for main lines Is thirty
pounds per foot.
The sporting blood of a Southern cattleman, famous
in his neighborhood for deeds of daring and of gallantry,
became fired on the "Pike" at the St. Louis Exposition
the other day and he started to "shoot up" the whole
fair. His endeavor cannot be viewed in any light except
one of pronounced censure and reproof. It was a willful
and altogetherreprehensiblewaste of material andenergy
which should be devoted to. the needs of the gentle
man's Southern home. These little pleasantries have
been found deeply beneficial in Texas.
A writer In the current Harper's
Weekly, discussing recent high-speed
railroad tests In Europe, has some In
forming things to say of the compara
tive speeds of the world's fastest
trains. The Philadelphia and Reading
Atlantic City and Camden express
bears off the palm for high speed on
an actual schedule run. making its
fifty-five and a half mile Journey at a
speed of 67.96 miles per hour. Next to
this is the Paris to Calais express of
the Northern Railway of France, which
for 1S5.14 miles maintains a speed of
59.72 miles per hour. So that America
leads here, as In other fields of ma
terial achievement.
Comparative Speed.
Despite his protestations that he
was merely , endeavoring to cure a
toothache the seedy gentleman was
rapidly seized by four husky men and
deftly hurled in a submissive heap on
the floor. Several others threw water
in his face, drenching . his hair and
clothes and gagging him. He fought.
He fought for his life. They fought
for his life also. A knee was pressed
Into the space between his stomach
and floating ribs and a muscular in
dividual vigorously worked the
"drowning pump action" on him.
"Throw It up or you'll die," the under
dog heard through the babel of excit
ed voices. "Ain't got nothln* to throw
up," he sputtered.
The wagon came. "I haven't swal
lowed any acid," the victim protested,
but his appeals for release were vain.
Policeman Bacullch gave the driver
and the officer a hurry-up rush and
the vehicle parted company with the
seedy man's benefactors, en route to
the hospital. "You look all right,"
said the officer in the wagon. " 'Course
I'm all right. Those fools think they
know It all," replied the oppressed
one. "Guess we'll go to the >Hall of
Justice," grunted the bluecoat.
At the Central station the man with
disheveled hair and toilet explained
that he had heard that dilute car
bolic acid was good for an aching
tooth.. "But I'll never use it again,"
he added, "unless I do it without a
labeled ' bottle or go back to the
woods."
they criea in one voice. Bakulich
seized the evidence and saw "carbolic
acid" in bold type printed on the bot
tlela label. "Another carbolic route
case," he muttered. "I'll call the
wagon."
"ANOTHER CARBOLIC ROUTE
CASE." MUTTERED THE OFFI
CER. "I'LL CALL THE WAGON."
Sir Donald bad at one time a great
fondness for taking distinguished peo
ple on long cruises In his steamers. ' In
1S90 Gladstone was his companion for a
fortnight In a cruise around Scotland
in the Grantully Castle, after Illness
had compelled him to take a respite
from Parliamentary work. On that
voyage Gladstone's favorite book, his
host relates, was "David Copperfleld."
Three years later both Gladstone and
Tennyson were his guests on a longer
cruise, which extended round Scotland
to Kirk wall, Norway and Copenhagen.
"It was most charming," cays Sir
Donald, "to see Gladstone' and Tennyr
ton. together, when Tennyson would
read one of his poems to the great
statesman, discussing here and there
the various lines, and Gladstone ques
tioned the poet as to how he came to
use this and that form of phraseology,
nothing could be more Instructive.
"iiometiir.es they would talk about
His Interest in .South Africa has not
been that of a buslnees man only. As
«. Britisher he has always believed In
coloring as much as possible of it red
on the maps, and this occasioned some
differences of opinion between himself
end Gladstone, of whom he was a
warm friend and admirer. But he did
succeed In persuading Gladstone to au
thorize the hoisting of the British flag
et St. Lucia Bay In Zululand Just in
time to beat the Germans by a few
days. He was knighted in/ 1879 be
cause, owing to his Initiative and re
source in placing steamships at the
disposal of the Government and getting
dispatches forwarded, the little British
force shut up at Elkowe aqd surround
ed by some 10,000 Zulus under Cete
uayo's brother Dabulraanzi was saved
from destruction.'
Asked once to what he attributed his
success, he replied: "To doing thor
oughly whatever I undertook to do. I
made that my guiding principle when
I obtained my first position and as far
es my powers permitted I have stuck
to that rule ever since."
pect of benevolence. That It accords
v.ell with his character was shown the
other day by his munificent donation
of $500,000 to the London University.
Self-made and proud of it. Sir Donald*
belongs to that type of man who come*
to the top far oftener in the New
World than in the Old. He wa- born in
Scotland, entered a Eteam shipping of
fice in his native town of Greenock
when he was 14. ar " from that humble
start on an office etool rose to be head
of the firm of Donald Currie & Co.,
owners of the great Castle line of
fteamers plying to South Africa; sat
for ten years in Parliament, gained
knighthood and won the esteem and
friendship of many of England's most
distinguished men. During his life he
has witnessed the marvelous growth
and development of the steam mercan
tile marine and has played no small
part in it. He entered the Cunard ser
vice when he was 18. At that time
this company possessed the only steam
ers engaged in the American trade, and
there were only three of them. When
the present Sir Donald was 37 he left
the Cunard Company and started the
Castle line.
Those who witnessed the coronation
procession will doubtless recollect a
email group of copper-colored soldiers
with bare legs and outstanding hair,
innocent of covering. These strange
people — Fijians — and their ancient cer
emony of Vilavilairevo, or fire walking,
were the subjects of a paper read by
W. L. Allerdyce, C. M. G., at a meet
ing of the Royal Colonial Institute re
cently. Admiral Sir N. Bowden-Smith
presided.
The ceremony of fire walking, Mr.
Allerdyce explained, is performed by a
certain tribe at the island of Bega, and
originated in a legend that; in reward
for having spared the life of a man he
had dug out of the ground, one Tui
Qualita was invested with the power
of being able to walk over red-hot
Etones without being burned. An earth
oven is made and filled with layers of
wood and stone. In this a fire is kin
dled about twelve hours before the fire
walking takes place, and when the hot
stones have been exposed by brushing
away the charcoal the natives, under
the direction of a master of ceremo
nies, walk over them barefooted.
The temperature at the edge of the
oven Is about 120 degrees Fahrenheit,
while on one occasion, when a ther
mometer was suspended over the
stones, it registered 282 degrees, and
the solder was melted. Yet, stated Mr.
Allerdyce, after the ceremony the na
tives showed no signs of the terrific or
deal through which they had gone. By
means of a number of views the lec
turer gave a realistic idea of the cere
mony as performed nowadays.
Vice Admiral Lewis Beaumont de
scribed a fire- walking ceremony as wit
nessed by himself. Although those who
took part In it showed no signs of dis
comfort, he remarked that apparently
they did not like it very much.
Replying to questions, Mr. Allerdyce
said the only explanation he could give
of the apparent immunity from harm
following on the process was that the
6oles of the feet of the natives were
hardened to an unusual degree through
constant walking on a sandy soil cov
ering coral, which became exceedingly
hot under the sun. There was also the
element of absolute belief by the na-'
tlves in the legend that they were
proof againts fire. — London Standard.
The Fire Walkers.
SIR DONALD CURRIE. ENGLISH
CAPTAIN OF INDUSTRY AND
MAX OF AFFAIRS.
"So allow me," said he, "on the Fourth
of July,
To peruse, undisturbed. In my den.
That document famous which years ago
came
From the studious Jefferson's pen.
Do this, and at eve I will gladly appear
The fireworks costly to see.
For the rockets' red glare and the bombs
in the air
Will remind me of Francis Scott Key."
— New York Sun.
"On the Fourth," little Emerson Coply
remarked.
"I trust you will all bear In mind
The request that I make. It is small, I
am sure;
A trifle, in fact, you will find.
I merely would ask that you purchase no
punk.
Xo caps, or producers of noise.
With any Intention of lowering me
To the level of commonplace boys.
**On the Fourth of July." he continued,
"to me
There is nothing so palpably tame
As crackers, torpedoes and kindred af
fairs.
When fired In liberty's name.
The popping they make is Incompetent
quite
To keep pace with my patriot zeal.
And I frankly confess that they never
give vent
To the joy that I inwardly feel.
His Boston View.
THE recent conference held at Sacramento by the
commercial and promotion bodies of the State of
California was unique in being the first gathering
of the kind in one harmonious whole of representatives
from every section of the State come together in a com
mon cause. It needs no argument to establish the fact
that the meeting will be productive of great good. That
such action has not been taken long before this is proba
bly because of the mistaken idea that our widely diversi
fied interests could have little in common, situated as
they are more or less remote from each other in different
parts of an Ifrnmense territory.
The fealty which should exist between the different
parts of a State should he of the same kind as the pa
triotism which binds that State to the Union. With us,
whenever that fealty and mutuality of interest has not
been recognized by any part of the State so zealous in
its local partisanship as to*- forget there are others there
has been felt the sting of criticism, which has tended to
widen the breach rather than to close it.
The Sacramentd meeting illustrates the fact that all
California has come to realize the interest of one is best
promoted by furthering the interests of all and that in
stead of pulling in opposite directions more can be ac
complished for the individual if all work together in a
.common cause. In doing that in an intelligent way all
sections are. protected, more intending settlers are
reached and directed to the locality best adapted to the
wants of each, there is no longer a duplication .of effort,
a better and more neighborly feeling is generated, and
the results are more commensurate with the thought,
time and money expended.
There were representative men atUhe conference from
about 140 organizations in this State. The questions
discussed were of a character to enable those present to
better understand the objects to be attained. The ap
pointment of a publicity committee, composed of one
representative from each of the nine natural divisions of
the State, to plan an advertising campaign and report
such plan when completed to every development organ
ization in California; will tend to bring matters into
tangible shape.
The conference at the State Capitol was California's
Hague Tribunal, to adjust differences not appealable to
any particular court, to bring about perpetual peace
and to promote and develop the interests of all clients
appealing. to it. It was a sane move and one that it is
to be hoped will be even more successful in results than
the most sanguine have expected.
THE SACRAMENTO CONFERENCE.
A Japanese statesman, high in authority and close in
the confidence of the Mikado, made the astounding
statement recently that Japan would not look unkindly
upon overtures for mediation in her war with Russia.
This admission from such a source fairly bristles with
potentialities of distress for the island kingdom. The
Czar stands to-day humiliated* before the world. A few
more defeats can add no more sackcloth and ashes and
many thousands of lives must be given to death before
the great conflict is either interrupted or ended.
Special Correepondence.
Sir Donald Curric's Rise.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
f> HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON. June 10.—Al
though, according to the latest reports,
fiir Donald Currie is recovering from
his recent severe illness, his advanced
lige — 80— makes it unlikely that this
friend of Gladstone and Tennyson and
great English captains of industry will
lire jnuch longer. Sir Donald's most
recent portrait accompanies this sketch
of him. His hair and whiskers have
long been snow white, imparting to his
thoughtful, earnest face a marked as-
—New York Tribune.
Kaltal.
Bhui Elshi.
Chelf Priest of the Temple,
Emonoske Tujlrvara Kumiraito,
Founder of the Bell.' "
Tha 20th day. 10th month. 7th year.
of opening Intercourse between Japan
and the United States. After his death,
in 1858, Mrs. Perry presented it to the
naval academy in fulfillment of his
wish.
The bell is covered with an inscrip
tion in Japanese, which was recently
translated by a young Japanese who
was at one time a student at the naval
academy. The incsrlption reads as fol
lows:
"In the eighth year of Riraku and
Konoke Tara of the reign of the King
of Lewchew, Kei-shl-yo-hl-ho-o offered
a prayer of benevolence for the people
and afterward ordered a large bell to
be founded. He did this as an act of
thanksgiving and presented it to the
temple of Dalsen Anjl, In the kingdom.
in order that the King might reign
prosperously and live long, and that the
people of the three worlds, heaven,
earth and hades, might be saved from
infernal doctrines, and therefore it was
that he Instructed Sho-ko-ku An-sal to
frame this inscription: "This beautiful
bell has been founded and hung in the
tower of the temple. It will awaken
dreams of superstition. If one will bear
in mind to act rightly and truly, and
the lords and ministers will do justice
in a body, the barbarians will never
come to invade. The sound of the beil
will convey the virtue Tuskl. and will
echo like the song of Tsniray, and the
benevolence of the Lord will continue
forever like these echoes.
Sir Donald has a town residence at 4
Hyde Park place, and among his art
treasures there are more Turners than
can be found in any other private col
lection. His country residence is
Garth Castle, near Aberfedy, Scotland,
and there he keeps his Tennyson pipe.
On this occasion Sir Donald obtained
one of his most cherished possessions —
one of Tennyson's clay pipes. After
the dinner Tennyson had retired to his
cabin for a smoke, where Sir Donald
hunted him up and conveyed to him the
request of the assembled royalties that
he would be so kind and obliging as to
read to them some of his poems. The
poet was loth to lay aside his pipe,
even for that, but by Scotch persisten*
cy Sir. Donald got him to give it up,
and Tennyson, instead of tossing it out
of the cabin window, as he was accus
tomed to do with his clays after a
smoke, gave it to Sir Donald aa a
keepsake.
"When I told Gladstone this," relates
Sir Donald, "he said, 'Keep it; it will
be precious some day.'.' 1 S
When Gladstone returned to England
after this voyage he got a wigging
from his royal mistress. Queen Victo
ria, a grreat stickler for etiquette and
all the prerogatives of her exalted po
sition as everybody knows, because he
had dared to put foot on a foreign
shore without having- first obtained her
permission, which, as Prime Minister,
he ought to have done. And, as Mr.
Morley records in his biography of the
statesman, he had to make a -most
humble apology to the Queen,f6r hav
ing ignored her authority.
Sir Donld's reminiscences of this sort
make one's mouth water for more of
them. By doing thoroughly everything
he set his hand to he has earned well
merited distinction, but if he were only
a Boswell, by giving us a record of
these rapturous monologues of the poet
and the discussions between him and
Gladstone, he might earn a fame that
would endure long after himself and
his ships have been forgotten.
It was on this voyage of the Pem
broke Castle that royalty paid its
homage to genius, a banquet being giv
en on board at Copenhagen, at which
were present the King and Queen of
Denmark, the then Emperor and Em
press of Russia, the King and Queen
of Greece and lesser royalties swelling
the number to twenty-nlrfe. Gladstone
made a speech and Tennyson read two
of his poems, and royalty expressed
great satisfaction with both perform
ances.
Homer and the Greek poets and on one
occasion these two great men had the
most interesting discussion on Shakes
peare that I ever heard. Although
Tennyson was not - very early riser,
Immediately after breakfast he used to
return to his cabin to study and write,
for, as he told me, he considered this
was the best part of the day for work.
When Tennyson talked it was just like
one of his own poems. When he was
viewing scenery — a moonlight night,
or a sunset, or a little bit of impres
sive landscape — he would sit and look
at it silently for a moment, as though
drinking it in and filling his soul, only
the next-moment to tell it all to those
whose privilege it was to sit near him."
ferred to unknown and perchance to feeble hands." *'
The Democratic Convention will have its temporary
chairman and its opening statement. In advance we call
attention to the difference which must appear between
the two. The' Democratic statement must Ignore the
recent history of the party. It' cannot 'dwell upon the
history of Mr. Cleveland's last administration, for every
great purpose he; cherished '.was thwarted by
his party. As for the future alljfha't'can be said is the
utterance of a threat to undo what .the Republican party
has done. Watch and note* the -difference.
"The work is not fully done; policies are not com
pletely wrought out; domestic questions still press con
tinually for solution; other trusts must be regulated; the
tariff may presently receive revision, and if so, should
receive it at the hands of the friends and not the enemies
of the" protective system; the new' Philippine Govern
ment has only begun to develop its plans for the benefit
of that long-neglected country; our flag floats on the
isthmus, but the canal is yet to be built; peace does not
yet reign on earth and considerate firmness backed by>
strength are still needful in diplomacy.
"The American people have now to say whether poli
cies shall be reversed or committed to unfriendly guar
dians; whether performance, which now proves itself for
the benefit and honor of our country, shall be trans-
In his peroration he condensed the immediate past and
the immediate future in this statement, which is a suffi
cient platform: "The first administration of McKinley
fought and won the war with Spain,, put down the in
surrection in the Philippines, annexed Hawaii, rescued
the legations in Peking, brought .Porto Rico into our
commercial system, enacted a protective tariff' and es
tablished our national currency on the firm foundations
of the gold standard by the financial legislation of the
Fifty-sixth Congress.
"The present administration has reduced taxation, re
duced the public debt, reduced the annual interest
charge, made effective progress in, the regulation of
trusts, fostered business, promoted agriculture, built up
the navy, reorganized the army, resurrected the militia
system, inaugurated a new policy for the preservation
and reclamation of public lands, given civil government
to the Philippines, established the republic of Cuba,
bound it to us by tics of gratitude, of commercial inter
est and of common defense, swung open the closed
gateway, of the isthmus, strengthened the Monroe doc
trine, ended the Alaskan boundary dispute, protected the
integrity of China, opened wider its doors of trade, ad
vanced the principle of arbitration and promoted peace
among the nations. .
'"We challenge judgment upon this record of effective
performance in legislation, in execution and in adminis
tration. . • . •¦""
THE Republican National Convention was properly
introduced to the work it has in hand by the speech
of the temporary chairman, ex-Secretary Root. The
Republican party was founded by a small band of men
who dealt with an issue that had grown upon the country
from the day that John Quincy Adams made his speech
in the House in defense of the right of petition.
The extension* of slavery grew to be an absorbing
issue. I It outgrew all questions of tariff' and finance.
When the Whig party died and was succeeded in some
parts of the country by the Know Nothing party it was
seen by kindred spirits that had been apart in "the Whig
and Democratic parties that a useful national organiza
tion could not be founded upon the principle of reli
gious rancor, and that there was one issue, that of hu
man freedom, of free men and of free soil, that must ever
be uppermost in a republic. So these spirits joined in
the formation of the Republican party.
Some of them were written down fanatics, and they
were. The remnants of prejudice against the party that
still exist relate to its crusade against the institution of
slavery. Its great achievements, its statesmanlike deal
ing with other than its primordial issue, its gathering to
itself so many of the master minds of the country, were
all unforeseen that day that it met to make its first nomi
nation to the Presidency. Since then its history is
studded with achievements in every line of statecraft,
in finance, economics, the finding of paths for the indus
trial, scientific and ethical progress of the people, and in
the safeguarding of human rights.
The party meets again, forty-eight years after its first
convention, to remind the country of its history, of its
acts, of its promises and of its future purpose. The
speech of the temporary chairman is something more
than the opening address of a great convention. It is
another added to the many evidences of the abundant
statesmanship which the party has attracted to its lead
ership. The great men of its first score of years have
passed away, and those of its third decade are aged and
their ranks are thinned by mortality. Blaine and Conk
ling, Logan and Grant, Sherman and Evarts, McKinley
and Hanna are gone. But it raises the pride of Ameri
cans that the trust which fared well in their hands is not
to fail for lack of trustees capable of its administration.
The speech of Elihu Root places him in the front rank
as a worthy successor to those whose lives were the sub
ject of his threnody, and a fit companion of the living
whose purpose in party leadership he presented to the
country. We invite, all men to read it, and especially we
invite to it the attention of those Democrats to whom
the welfare of the country is dearer than a mere party,
victory. The Republican party may some time lapse, as
may happen to any human organization. But its na
tural force is now unabated. It has fixity of purpose,
coherence of policy, and is adolescent, in the sense of
possessing unimpaired' strength for achievement. No
Democrat need fear to read this speech lest it affront
him. It is not an indictment of his party, nor does it
mention anything done or threatened by it to~ hold it up
to contempt. It is free from that kind of partisanship.
"Viewing with alarm" is usually demagogic and this is
not the speech of a demagogue, but of a statesman who
uses the noble rhetoric of understatement in telling what
a great party has done for a great country and of the
further deeds of which it is capable to maintain that
greatness.
He was a x thln, emaciated looking
arent with a three-day-Jag look in his
eyes. He had an awful toothache and
wandered into a Montgomery-avenue
booze parlor and asked for the mo
mentary use of a glass. The good na
tured dispenser of jags gave him a
pitiful look and slid one across the
slippery bar to him.
Taking a small bottle from his
jeans with a skull and cross bones on
the label he, deliberately poured a
quantity of the drug into the glass
and tossed it off. An old woman, part
owner of the shop, Rooked upj and
seeing the bottle labeled "poison,"
ran shrieking from the room, calling
wildly that the man was committing
suicide. The bartender sat noncha
lantly with one hand on a nonde-;
script article resembling a cash reg
ister, calmly puffing a "rope" of du
bious pedigree and watching the
liquid change from the phial to the
anaemic subject's face, offering the
while no word of protest.
The alleged self-destroyer took Jolt
after jolt from the dangerous appear
ing bottle and rinsed his mouth with
much deliberation. "Toothache's
some bad, eh," he grunted, without
eliciting even a - sympathetic reply
from the mixologist.
He. was just topping off the last
dregs of the bottle when a maddened
crowd led by Policeman Bakulich
surged In through the door. ""Grab
him, hold him; he's taken poison,"
His Fight for Life.
new or small party is to attract attention to itself by
the notoriety of its standard bearer. The original Re
publican party was wise in its day by nominating Jeffer
son, the author of the DedaraTton of Independence and
the philosopher of the Revolution. The present Repub
lican party, albeit a little short of timber in 1856, yet did
very well by nominating Fremont, who had become inti
mately known to the whole country as "the Pathfinder."
Benton's speeches on the Western country, his pio
neering of a Pacific railway along the path that Fremont
had blazed, his impassioned exclamation in his speech
on the courthouse steps in St. Louis pointing to the
West, "It is the East— it is India." all had aided in fir
ing the popular imagination about Fremont, the young
army officer, one of the first Senators from California
and the husband of Jessie Benton. True, his' father-in
law refused to support 'him for the Presidency. When
asked if, he would do so Senator Benton supplied the
slang and epigram of the campaign by t replying "Not in
the day time, sir, not iiv the day time."
General Miles will make as good a dry campaign as
anybody "and will bring the Prohibition party into more
notice than it could gain through any other personality
in the country. The General is still what is known as
"a good looker." His record as a soldier deserves
respect, and even if his acceptance of a nomination is a
bit of old man's vanity the country will treat hirifwith
respect and he will be a picturesque figure in the cam
paign.
REPUBLICAN PURPOSE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 1904.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALK
JOHN P. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . , » . «¦¦« >«» Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ................ ..:•'• .'. . . . . ... . . . .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY ...JUNE 23, 1904
8
MEN and MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESDoors Are Thrown Open, Although the
Exhibit Is Not Yet Finished.
ST. LOUIS, June 22. — The San
Francisco building has been opened
at last and though the exhibit is by
no means finished many people visited
it to-day and were pleased with what
they saw. Custodian Charles P. Wll
comb has uaed extraordinary efforts
and the structure ' has been opened
much sooner than was expected.
From\the throng: of visitors to'-day
and the interest shown in the exhibits
in place, It looks as if the display
would be a great success. ' >¦ ,
The redwood desks and other fur
niture "of that material were greatly
admired. Among the features ' now
shown are a relief map of the bay re
gion, the hemisphere showing ocean
routes, pictures of principal streets,
including the Call building, and views
of the city in early times. The Uni
versity, of California Glee Club will
*ive a concert in the building to-mor
row. The entire model, city will be
formally opened next Monday.
Mrs. Ida L. Gardiner, Joyce Gardiner.
Pasadena — Mrs. E. A. Ford, Mrs. Henry
Vllas. . _ . .¦¦
Santa Crur — Ann T. Porter.
Berkeley — Emily J. Holman, M. Peck Jam«s
K. Peck and wife, Mlsa Mabel Spring.'
Bakersfleld— JtMe French.
Calietoga— M. A. Chamblln and wife.
San £>l«go — T. Fontaine Carter. Mn. O. W.
March, E. W. Thompson.
Redland — G. G. Moseley George Bradshaw.
Redwood — A, B. Way.
Redding— Grace K. Rathbun.
Stockton— Mrs L. H. Glllls.
Amedee — Dr. H. J. Hammond.
Tulare— Mrs. A. L. Wllcon.
Nevada City— Ada B. Porter.
Long Beach — Dr. . L. 6 Pcrc*. -~ f
Fanta Rona — George F. King.
San Jose — Dr. E. O. Pleper.
Woodland — Mrs. M. II. Torranco.
Vaoavllle— George A, Arnold.
Lincoln Place — Mrs. U. P. Ataart,
San LuIb— R. L. Jeffery.
Orovllle — P. F. Bulllngton. . .. . "¦*••
SAN FRANCISCO BUILDING'.
California and her neighbor at the
fair, Illinois, are , beset by noises that
Jar and make existence uncomfortable.
To -th,e south of -them is Jerusalem,
where the Turks keep up an orchestral
din of their own peculiar style that is
Supervisor James Booth- of San
Francisco visited the exposition with
his sister, Mrs. Barr of New Orleans,
who cam« here to meet him. Mr.
Booth inspected the San Francisco
building and was well satisfied with it
when he learned the adverse circum
stances under which it had been erect
ed. He went to the Chicago convention
and will pay Yale College, where he
was a Rtudent for three years, a visit
before he returns home.
Norman E. Dole of "Stanford, who
holds the world's amateur record as a
pole vaulter. but who made a poor rec-»
ord when the Stanford team competed
at the Stadium here, is going to try to
redeem himself. He did 12 feet 1 32-100
inches in competition at Berkeley, but
failed to qualify here at 11 feet 3
inches Dole's explanation of this is
that the high Jump Just before the pole
vault threw tym out of stride and he
could not start well.
Dole has entered, unattached, for the
pole vault in the national amateur
meet on June 25 at the World's Fair
Stadium and he may establish a new
mark. He was not in good condition
when he came here from Chicago, but
is now at the home of relatives at
Hinsdale, near Chicago, training hard
and will be in good shape on the 25th.
Among those he will go against In the
pole vault is McLanagan of Yale, who
has a record of 11 feet 11 inches. .
Otis E. Hyde is the only other mem
ber of the Stanford team that remained
here. He is a son of Santa Clara's
Fair Commissioner. He has not en
tered for the games of the 25th, as he
realizes he is not in proper condition.
His specialty is the shotput and he has
a coast record of 45 feet 6% .inches for
that event.
DOLE IS IN TRAINING.
Charles F. Wyer, Fresno County's
commissioner, is arranging for the
publication of special articles on her
farm and orchard products to .appear
in various farm Journals throughout
the Eastern States. The story of the
California Smyrna fig and its caprifica
tion by the imported blastophcpa is
creating wide interest. Smyrna made a
serious mistake when she allowed any
of the insects to escape from her bor
ders, for it looks as if the improved
California P.*" made possible by them
would drive hers from American mar
kets as the Fresno product increases.
The preparing and packing of the
California figs will be done under
modern methods and in a much more
cleanly manner than in Smyrna.
buildings ur> to that time in those cities
having been erected by him. In San
Diego he became a millionaire, but all
that is left of his fortune is the watch.
His courage has never deserted him,
and in the future of San Diego he sees
his own and is satisfied with the out
look.
Fresnoites who visit the fair are dis
appointed that the project to increase
the market for raisins from their coun
ty by giving away samples is not un
der way. They realise what is being
lost when they note the success Santa
Clara County is meeting in advertising
her prunes by free demonstration.
There has been some hitch in Fresno in
the matter of securing the necessary
raisins. To procure the amount needed
and distribute It would not co~t more
than 53000. The visiting Fresno citi
zens who see the benefits to be derived
from a wide distribution of the chief
product of their county are hopeful that
the tangle will be straightened out and
the demonstration carried on.
PALACE OF AGRICULTURE, THE
EXHIBIT OF FRESNO COUNTY
AT THE EXPOSITION.
The man was described as from 25
to 30 years of age, 5 feet 3 inches tall,
dark mustache and dark complexion.
The name Alfred Hohenstein was
signed to the letter.
You will kindly excuse me, please, as I am
compelled to ask, you for a favor to-day. I
left the hospital . a few days ago, and feel
therefore not strong enough to do any work.
My clothes are In a very poor condition and
it Is hard for me now to make any living. • I
hope you will kindly excuse my apply for help.
The police were notified on Tuesday
that a man had called at the residence
of E. H. Clark, 2604 Jackson street,
that afternoon and had struck Kate
Quinn, servant gfrl, on the mouth, cut
tipg^her lip. Detective Wren was sent
to investigate and he learned that the
man called about 3 o'clock and asked
Miss Qulnn to hand a letter to "the
lady of the house." "She had asked
his name and he refused to give it. She
declined to deliver the letter till he
had given his name, and he struck
her on the mouth and ran away, drop
ping the letter In his flight. It was
picked up. The letter read as fol
lows:
Refuses to Give His Name and Strikes
Her on the Mouth, Cutting
Her Lip. ,
SERVANT GIRL ATTACKED
BY IMPUDENT BEGGAR
ST. LOUIS. June 22. — The following
Californians have registered at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition:
Pan Francisco — Mr. and Mrs. A. I_ K*y«s.
Sol Caro, Emmet Rixford, S. Grace Carr, Phil
H. Gordon. Miss A. Baltz. Mr. C. Baltz, C. M.
nrotigh, C K. Whltromh, Mr. and Mrs. Isaac
Frohman, Philip Ston*. .1. O. Harrison. Mrs.
Harrison. Mrr. W. H. GllOert, Mr. and Mr*.
Samuel Bloom, H. C. Clarke, E. C. Jonrs,
Margaret I>ale Owen.
Los AnE?lc3 — J. Fulmcr. Hfnry E. Bre't,
A. U Tyatart, O. C. Melbourn. MI»s N. Evan*,
C I*. Planton and family, Mrs. J. '\V. Grant,
Margaret O. Grant. J. W. Wallae*. Mrs. J W.
Wallace. William B. White. Mrs. W. B.
White. A. S. Llndetrom. C. J. Taylor, E V.
Morgan, Mr. and Mrs. J. Farns worth, E. II.
Morgan. A. A. Lambert, ' Mrs. Major H. Ran
som, M. II. Ransom, J. J. Tweedy and wire,
Isabella Lawrence. Jamen P. McCarthy,
Harry H. Coffman. John C. Strong.
Sacramt-nto— Mrs. George Kramer, Mrs. F.
Ochsner, John Ochener.
Oakland — Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Homir, Nor
mfin A. Parrlsh. Clinton C, Parrlsh, Miss
Anna JIayrs. Mrs. M. I,. Red.
I'alo Alto— Rose Carter, Lily B. Carter, Mary
A. Nowcemb.
Napa— IjOuIm A. Wilson.
MewUtto — Mr. and Mrs. B. P. Stone.
Kureka — Edna B. Thompson, Ira B. Thomp
son.
Carrlllo— E. Jack, Mrs. G. Weatover. ' '¦: \' v'£
Orange — Fred Launder. ,¦-¦•';
. Carplnterla — Henry Fish.
BaVertflrM— Abe Simon.
Banta Barbara— F. N. Fish, Frances Fith,
Names of Mnny Residents of the State
Appear on Register.
CALIFORXIANS AT THE FAIR.
The Glee Club of the University of
California, led by Robert A. Waring,
is here under contract with the Califor
nia Promotion Committee and the com
mittee in charge of the San Francisco
building to give concerts at the latter
structure in connection with Mr. Er
wln's illustrated lectures. There are
twenty-five students in the party.
They are quartered at the San Fran
cisco building. It not being open when
they arrived, the boys have been dis
playing their talent at the California
building. They gave a concert in the
lecture-room there Saturday afternoon
in competition with the Boer war and
Jerusalem. Sunday night they gave a
special concert at the building, to which
all the State commissioners were in
vited by Commissioner Wiggins of Cal
ifornia. The music of the Glee Club has
delighted the crowds that have heard
it and has proved an excellent adver
tisement of California.
The next annual meeting of the Amer
ican Surgical Association will be held
In San Francisco next June. Dr. Em
met Rixford dT San Francisco has been
attending the session here just closed,
and was elected vice president.
F. E. Moneghan, known as the father
of Needles, is among the visitors to the
exposition. Moneghan was at one, time
a railroad conductor. He founded
Needles and is now an oil king.
Robert Oullahan, a prominent insur
ance and real estate man of Stockton,
is visiting the fair with his wife.
GLEE CLUB GIVES CONCERT.
ear-splitting. The Boer War has be
gun operations at the west and the
cannonading is so fierce that sections
of the stucco work, supposed to rep
resent adobe, are falling off. the shell of
the California building. Every 10
pounder that goes off sends Secretary
Willis ten feet nearer a madhouse. His
work was hard enough before this new
trouble arose. Now a concession called
Morocco is rearing its airy walls di
rectly across the street. froni California
and Illinois and of course it will have
to maintain a din of an alleged musical
nature to attract patronage. The out
look for peaceful summer afternoons
at the Mission Santa Barbara is bad.
Commissioner Kimball has the great
est faith in the future of San Diego,
though a fortune of nearly $1,500,000 he
had accumulated there in the 'SQ's was
swept tway by a decline in values. He
wears a watch that he says cost him
$117,000. he having backed a watch fac
tory, which proved a failure, to that
amount. He was famous in California
as an olive grower, his orchard being
at National City. Kimball was a con
tractor in San Francisco and Oakland
from 1S69 to l?S0 and accumulated a
fortune of $100,000, some of the largest
During one day this week 106 people
told Frank A. Kimball, the commis
sioner from San Diego County, that
they intended to visit his city and
county, and it was to obtain informa
tion to guide them that they called at
the booth. All the visitors to the San
Diego display are greatly interested in
the products exhibited and the fifteen
foot birdseye view of the city and har
bor — one oT the most nearly perfect har
bors in the world — but the proposed
Fteel works seem to excite the greatest
curiosity. San Diego is already famous
for her products, her climate and her
harbor, and the possibility of the es
tablishment of such a vast enterprise
as the one named is all that is neces
sary to again bring a strong tide of
immigration.
FRESNCtTTES DISAPPOINTED.
CALL BUREAU, WORLDS FAIR.
ST. LOUIS, June 22.— The possibility j
that San Diego is to have a steel works, !
employing from 3000 to 10,000 men,^
seems to be awakening a gTeat inter- '
est in that city, and many visitors are
making inquiries concerning the pro
ject at the San Diego County exhibit
:n the Palace of Agriculture. The
scheme, as generally known in Calif or- '.
nia, is to bring iron ore from the Tepu- !
stete deix>sits, on the coast of Lower
California not far below San Diego, j
These deposits are looked upon as in- '.
exhaustible, and vessels can load easily
with the ore. The employing of 3000
men would mean an immediate Increase
in the city's population of at least 10,
000 people and would arouse great ac- j
tivity. If the project carries San Diego
will exr-erience another boom and en- '
joy a great advance, from whicli she
will not recede.
Eta.3 Corre5jvrn<5ent of The Call
BY PAl'Ii KDWARDS.
Reliable gas ranges $16 60, regular
price $20, this week only at S. F. Gas
& Electric Co., 415 Post St. •
In the first round of their legal
fight against the Park Commission for
right to sell on the ocean beach the
peddlers yesterday met a reverse. Su
perior Judge Hunt sustained the de
murrer of the Park Commission to
the complaint of William Kanelakis,
who applied for an Injunction to pre
vent the commission from enforcing
its order against the vendors of pea
nuts and popcorn who had been reap
ing a. -harvest of nickels at the edge
of the sea.
The demurrer was sustained on the
contention that it was impossible to
ascertain from the complaint how the
act of the Park Commission would
cause any great Injury or oppression
to the plaintiff, and that It was Im
possible to estimate what pecuniary
damage would result to the plaintiff
by reason of the commission's order.
The peddler was allowed ten days in
which to file an amended answer.
Judge Hunt Gives Peanut Vendors-Ten
Days in Which to File New ..
Complaint.
DEMURUKll IS SUSTAINED
AGAINST BEACH PEDDLERS
TRENTON, N. J., June 22.— Ida E.
Wood of New York^ a holder of $200,000
par value of the' bonds of the United
States Shipbuilding Company, to-day
instituted . procesdings In the Untcd
States Circuit Court for the purpose of
hsving herself admitted as a party de
fendant to the suit brought by the
Mercantile Trust -Company of New
York, as trustee, to foreclose a $16,000,
000 mortgage on the property of the
shipbuilding company. Judge Lannlng
made an order to show cause returna
ble in this city on next Tuesday.
The petitioner attacked the proposed
plan of reorganization and .says It is
designed in the interest of Charles M.
Schwab and others, who were the pro
moters of the shipbuilding syndicate.
Claims That Keorganization
Scheme Is in Interest of
Schwab and His Frieiidi
INVOKES AID OF COURTS
New York Woman Asks to
Be Made Defendant in Ship
building Foreclosure Suit
ATTACKS PLAN
OF SYNDICATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, "THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 1904.
Fresnoites Are Disappointed That the Projefct to Increase
the Market for California Raisins by Giving Away
Samples Is Not Under Way Owing to Some Hitch
SAN DIEGO COUNTY EXHIBIT AT FAIR
WINS THE PRAISE OF ALL VISITORS
9
[:¦¦' ' : =V. : -.y,_ PBAGEB3L ..¦ '
I Specials For To^Day Only
Shirt. Waist. Snits Creot. Muslin Bargain 9
Afl A a jam —Etamine, linen and crash ~~~ Fj
B, B ™ Ji JHB S-. shirt waist suits will be on sale For to-day only we will sell Fruit of the Bin H
. B _fg fcr^ to-day only at this price. They Loom and Lonsdale muslin (a full yard wide m «fe M
* a _f afvIL a are all perfectly made and pret- and bleached). It is sold everywhere at nothing I |l|
||f_ aajCTaH t -j y trimmed. The waists are less than ioc a yard; but because of the low H n I
«¦¦ ¦ ™ **& piped to match and will go price we will limit the purchase of each cus- H H
nicely with contrasting colors. The skirts are made tomer to $r.oo of this material. Per yard ¦ .^^ 11
very full and pleated. The colors are tan, red, gray, H
blue, white and champagne. We ordinarily sell these ,. f|
suits at $5.oo. New Wash Goods y
Black Alpaca We have selected all our ioc and 12 He u
T"^ T. - lawns and placed them on sale for to-day at BO |]
f& a yard— This quality of alpaca may the one price _ AJ1 o f thcse goods come in |~ a B
JS _a e uscc^ or out i n K suits and skirts. It white grounds with small figures and polka af*JS il H
% isa deep, rich black and is reversible, dots; also large scrolls and stripes. They make i 1 M
¦J |J|j This material sells regularly for 50c ™W P^ shirt waists - dr « 3 " and kimonas. U|
Striped Taffeta WhUe Lawn 1
IB a yard— A very soft clingy silk which There are only 50 pieces for this sale, jR. | U
Et. fi I g\ 1S at Present the fad for evening wear. so that earJ bU y ing wi n be to your ad . H -. fj
llMgB It us a beautiful material and is shown vantage This lawn ; s 40 i nches xv ide and %-f ' IB H
&L&I L 1" colors ot gray, tan, rose and light selI , rcgu i ar i y for 15c a yard. We will not O r\ I _, it
U blue, with white stripes. It is easily sdl more than $ x . 00 worth to each cus- O J IJ H
H -pr w worth 75C a y ard . tomer. Per yard _j
k Woolen 1 Challies I
I /^ S 38 This is a lot. of goods received by Women's Undervests fl
' ¦« a _F\ express late ye3terday. It is a new __________________________________ y
I ff thing and extremely popular in the There is only a very limited number of ;|
1 B Hi East. These challies are figured in these pretty summer undervests. They are (fli y
S I |J|| neat designs and in all colors. They made of fine, soft cotton, fancy Rembrandt n 3 A rj
- Bssa wash well and retain their brightness rib; the neck and armholes are finished with %J] I I CT
I and are especially adapted to women's and children's cotton loops run with washable ribbons. The _~f| i |J
'A wear. In this lot there is not an undesirable pattern, colors are pink and blue. We sell them or- MM 81 U
f, The regular selling price is 40c. dinarily at 20c. Per yard fl
I* Fireworks \'%f% 7] JZZ?"« !
—————————————————— — — ua BC / Tnis veillnsf m _S_i 1 1
1145-1147 Market street, I fU *^ . _1M±. "_P ( ~ Du Barry and * ** m
near Central Theater >^-^ 1*- w fishnet meshes. It come«i H
Mr. ALWAYS RELIABLE Sia^
Our Annex t238- 1250 market st.^ ssr-ffifi^Sd'SJPSL
country orders Au the Shopping Inducements That Have JSeYVc^^K 6^ 1
wied Made This Store Popular, Are Stffl Here, | at|
Regular price 82.OO. .
I have full set's ot STAR SAFETT
BA20BS, up to $25.00- The Razor
for easy shaving.
OTHER EASOSS. a» low as
SI OO Made of finest material. Best
tempered steel blade that will hold
edge.
A FOCXET KKXFE for ftl.OO.
That's my special price for a high-
grade knife.
Razor Strops, from 25c up-
Two bars William's 10c Shaving
Soap, 15c
Out of town orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer. .
1008 HABKST ST., Above Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO.
For Breakfast
Qold
has been a standard
of value for centuries.
|^S?_1 Golden;'
,^_^^^ Gate
j^^pCoffee
is, the standard; of Coffee Value.
j. Ar Folgcr & Co,
Established Hall a Century.
f Perfect Fitting rtj^
Eyeglasses (M
At Moderate Cast ¦(_,
V642 St.
AMUSEMENTS.
ANOTHER BIG NEW SHOW!
HELEN BERTRAM
Foster and Foster; Howe aad Scott; Har-
row Trio } Graeey aad Burnett, sad
Orphetua Motion Picture*, Showing'
Review of the S. F. FZSB DEPART-
MENT. Last times of Affonst. Westaa
and Company; Eddie Heron aad Com-
pany; Boniani Trio, and "Kike," Fos-
ter's Dojr.
Regular rnatmae Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c, 25c
and 60c.
COLUMBIA S«
F-MREIA/ELL NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
OKTI.T TE>£E MOSS UIO1TS AWD
OVU MATINEE. : .
hSOTHERN
Management Daniel Frohman.
In the Miracle Play.
THE PROUD PRINCE.
By the author of "If I Wera Kins."
Oakland theater-goers, note — Mr. Bothern will
not visit Oakland during his present tour.
This theater will be closed during the weeks of
June 27 and July 4.
JUST 11TH— ETH3KE BABBTHOaX
ITIVOUSSu&l
E=l akjIBI Performance
imnn a great
Hnnn tiv ° u
IIUUU TRIUMPH
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION.
BEAUTIFUL, SCENERY.
SUPERB COSTUMES.
AND THE GREAT OAST.
Seats always selling — 25c, 5Oc. 73c
Usual Tlvoll Prices — Only Matinee Satur.
AT ft A7 A 'O B*I»»eo & Mayer.
ALCAZAR £§?££
_____ . General Manager.
TO-KiaXT— MATS. TO-SAT fc SAT.
Clrde Fitch's Famous Pastoral Comedy,
LOVERS' LANE
"A decided success." — Chrontcl*.
Georgeous Production— Great Cast.
Last Week ot Stock Company Season.
Evs., 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. A Eat.. 26c to 80o
Next Monday — The Romantic Actor,
• WHITE WHITTLESEY
Opens Summer Engagement la
BOX-OX_3SS OF FO&TT7HX.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
CENTRALS
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT — ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Spectacular Production ot George
R. Sim's Famous Masterpiece.
"LIGHTS O' LONDON"
Stupendous Scenic Effects. London Bridge by
Night.
Full Strength Central Stock Company.
TESTIMONIAL BENEFIT WEEK.
For the Distinguished Veteran Actor
L. R. STOCKWELL,
Who Appears In the Celebrated Role of Jarrls,
the Thespian.
pntprc Evenings........'. .lOe to BOa
rnlWCJ Matlnets .......10c. I5c. 25o
Week June 27 — POWER OF THE CROSS.
Pfllfltt. DON'T FAIL TO
COURT Lounging
8flfl room « &* EMPIRE
uuu parlor, th«
iZ& m A PALM ROOM, the
brand louis xv par.
V11UUU LOR, and the LA-
H A J. A |- DIES' WRITING
Hotels room-
AMUSEMENTS.
REGULAR MAT1\EE SATURDAY AT 2.
SPECIAL. MATINEE NEXT WEDNESDAY
AT 2
TO-NIOHT. at 8 Sharp.
DAVID BELASCO
PRESENTS MR3.
LESUE CART£R
" • In His New Plar,
DU B/\R«Y
SXAT3 TOS THIXO AID LAST WIDC
1SAOT THIS MOS2TXSO.
PRICES— ?2-OOt ft.M. 91.00. 75c and 60c
'?&&££££
\
THIS WEEK
Every £>¦*¦: M_Un«es Sat. and Sua.
The Hilariously Funny Burlesque,
The Mormons
50 — Sp«cl*ltl9« and Wovoltles— SO
New and Beautiful Scenery asd Costomea.
Our "Alt Star" Burlesque Cast — Edna, Au?.
Freda OalUek. Oarrtty Sisters, Yorke and
Adams. Al FUlds, Edwta Cl&rk. Ben DUIoo,
Roy Alton.
Lionel Lawrence's "Eight Radium Girla."
Splendid Chorus of 40 Voices.
Special Matinea July 4.
Same Popular Prices.
Hlf-h-CUis Specialties Ersrr Atttnoon
..". : ud H7«atB_" la tho T_.«a.ter.
TO-HIOHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFOIlMAXCal
. Cbncladinr With
NEW LIVING PICTURES
Tak« * rld« on th* MINIATURE ELECTRIC
RAILROAD.
VISIT CABARET DE LA MORT.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5a
When Phots lny Ask for "Tb« Chut**."
MISCELLANEOUS.
FROM TOP TO TOE-
When it comes to the care ot washable
garments worn under coat or trousers—
we take care of the laundering. If you
have not proved — which means approved
after the first trial — our way of washing-,
starching-. Ironing, delivering: and col-
lecting your linen, underwear, etc.. we
welcome any test to which you may a ob-
ject us. Fair enough proposition. Isn't It?
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
1004 lasxrr stxsit.
Talcp&oa* Sontb 420.
WEEEfCAiL
16 Pages. $1 per Year 1
NEW ADVERTISEMENT*
OEAPE-NTJTS.
Compound
Interest
comes to l!fe when the body feels
the delicious grlow of health, vigor
and energy.
That Certain Sense
of vteor in the brain and easy poise
of the nerves comes wHen the Im-
proper foods are cut out and pre-
digested.
Wk
If it has taken you years to run
down don't expect one mouthful of
this great food to bring you back
(for it ia not a stimulant but a
Retouilder.)
_i days' trial shows such big results
that one sticks to it
a Reason."
Pet the little book, "The Road to
Wellville," in each pkg.
World'* Fair exhibit, Space 103, ArrtcuUural
eulldins.
NEWBRO'S HERPICSDE
Dandruff Is • conU.lous disease caused by • microbe.
The ORIOINAL remedy that "kllli the Dandruff 0*na."
I I %€ F TUP P A D n O ISJ C0ln *» '" h(l * We •"» «mtlM In the follicles, ¦ tht
Newbro't Herpklde can coma too Utt. -If tht growth ajr-ln. Don't Mriect dan iruff or fallln-
daodruff microb« has destroyed tht hair follicles hair. Wonderful mutts follow the list of Herol-
and left the scalp bald and sblnlag all remedies art cldt. It I* an exquisite hair dreislnr. Sloes
worthless.. But. like the pardon. If Herplclde Hchlnr of tht scalp instantly. „ T
CJOINCp I GOING !! GONE !!)
lanctn tiu uiiTi. . innenc mi sm it. S, -to* un rii lancai.
Brif Sttres, $1.oa Sent 10c., itiips, to HEBflClftE C3, Otpt R, Dstrett. Mick, fsr a stsiptt.Nominations will close on July 1.
The entrance fee is $20. Of this $3
must accompany the nomination, tha
second forfeit of $5 is due November
1, and $10 additional for starters. The
entire entrance money goes into the
purse, being divided 50 per cent to
the winner, 30 per cent to the second
and 20 per cent to the third. In addi
tion to the money award there will
be valuable cups.
The season has been most favorable
for large broods of quail, which Is
promise of good sport when the set
ters and pointers are let down by
their handlers.
The owners of sporting dogs are
looking over their kennela ln quest of
suitable candidates among their set
ters and pointers for the twenty-sec
ond annual Derby of the Pacific
Coast Field Trials Club. This will be
held- as usual on the Haggin and
Tevis property near Bakersfleld ln
January next-
Sporty Setters and Pointers Will Be
Placed In Training Soon for
Competition.
HELD TRIALS DERBY
E>TRIES BEING SELECTED
In the olden days, before the wane of
ecclesiastical training,* men prayed for
the seven gifts of the Holy Spirit, the
second of which was understanding,
or a sense of proportionate values.
Alas, that the prayers should have
ceased before the gifts were perma
nently bestowed! All" through life, now
adays, we miss the sense of relative
values, but nowhere more than in lit
erary criticism. Even as ln the field
of ethics we hear conventionality and
grace of manners put on a par with
loyalty and courage; in literature we
meet the permanent and the current
yoked together, regardless of effect —
Pegasus and the dray horse Jog-trot
ting side by side.
In this age of chaotic criticism how
are the public to choose books? If bur
reviews seriously advise the public"
that a book is worthy to stand by
Shakespeare's "Hamlet" and Marie
Corelli's "Boy," what is a bewildered
reader to think? If Miss Glasgow's
large and seriously wrought novel,
"The Deliverance," comes bracketed by
the unfortunate chances of time and
season of publishing with Mr. Har
land's "My Friend Prospero." how are
the readers to know that one la a
Rodin statue and the other a Dresden
china shepherdess. It almost amounts
to the impossibility of the growth of a
literature in this . country.— Harper's
Weekly.
Proportionate Values.
Two years ago she was awarded the
blue ribbon for being the best grey
hound in the dog show. She was fault
less in her dainty conformation, but
beneath her graceful lines were muscles
of steel and a heart as stout as ever
throbbed within the frame of a "grey
hound.
The loss Is doubly felt now, as she
was rounding into her best form and
great triumphs ln the field seemed with
in her reach.
'Rubber Ankles, the most beautiful
greyhound in all America and one of
the gamest, died yesterday at the ken
nels of James Sweeney at Colma.
Pleuro-pneumonla was the cause of her
untimely taking off. -
Rubber Ankles was bred by J. H.
Rosseter of this city. She was by the
noted imported English dog Fortuna
Favente from the kennels of the
Messrs. Fawcett, and waa out of Brll
liantlne. The latter waa bred by H. C.
Lowe, of Kansas and was by Lord Nev
ersettle-Whlte LJps. Rubber Ankles
won the American Waterloo last year
ln the nomination of Mr. Rosaeter. thus
proving her quality on the field against
the fleetest of American coursers.
In the meantime Jeffries is chafing
under the enforced idleness. The big
arms and brawny chest of the boiler
maker are encased in a silk shirt, while
he lies propped up with his game les
straightened out ln a big double bed
which he makes look like a cot. Thera
is a splint under the knee to keep it
straight and the entire leg from the
ankle to the thigh is wrapped ln ban
dages.
A professional masseur was sent up
to knead the champion's muscles yes
terday and Jeffries laughed heartily as
he told the doctor about the efforts of
the man. "He Just tickled me." said
the champion. Jeffries has been accus
tomed to have two and sometimes
three burly heavy-weights rub him
down with hands calloused and coarse,
and the soft hands of the masseur
made no Impression. It was agreed,
however, that rubbing would aid in
keeping: him in good condition and Joe
Kennedy or some other big 1 fellow will
visit the champion hereafter every day
to give him a hard rub down.
The knee that Interfered with the
world's heavy-weight championship
battle was slightly on the mend last
evening and big Jim Jeffries and Dr.
W. S. Porter both agree the trouble
some Joint will soon yield to treatment.
Just how long it is going to be before
the big fellow can move around cannot
yet be told. It Is big and red from
painting and is puffy around the joint.
Tapping took away a lot of the swell
ling yesterday afternoon, but there was
a quantity of water there again last
night. This is. expected to be absorbed
naturally.
In speaking of his patient's condition.
Dr. Porter said:
From the chant- already notlceabl* I esa
say that this Injury will be entirely cured.
But when you ask me how long It will tak*
you ask more than I am able to lay. I have
told Jeffries he must stay ln bed ten day*.
By that time we will see. The knee looka
better and feels better than It did on Tues
day and there la no question about its ultimate
recovery.
Dead Houad, Pronounced the
Most Beautiful in America,
- Was Bench Show Winner
Swelling Is Reduced for a
Time, but the Injured Part
Fills Up Again Gradually
ILL BUT A SHOKT TDIE
EESOETS TO TAPPING
Eubber Ankles, Winner of
the American Waterloo,
Dies of Pleuro Pneumonia
Champion Chafes Under the
Restraint, bnt the Wisdom
of His Doctor Is Apparent
NOTED HOUND
PASSES AWAY
JEFFRIES' KNEE
IS IMPROVING
Although the pearl fishery season In
Ces'lon has been a record one, the gov T
ernment earnings having amounted to
ove,r £1,000.000 ($5,000,000), there Is
no prospect of a fall In the price of
pearl necklaces. ~ . .
"Ceylon pearls," said a member of the
firm of E. Hahn & Co. of Hatten Gar
den, London, recently, "will not affect
the British market.' The bulk of the
pearls we get come from western Aus
tralia. Prices are high, and a ten-grain
pearl win continue to bring £200
($1000)~for some'time to come."
Mr. Streeter of the .well-known Bond
street firm remarked that Ceylon pearls
are never larger, than a pea — three or
four grains at the most. "Even a rec
ord yield," he said, "could not bring
about a fall in the English , market
price."— New York Commercial^ .
Pearls Still Expensive.
CALIFORNIA TENNIS WONDER
ASTONISHES THE EAST
Miss May Sutton of Pasadena Plays
Brilliantly in the National
Championships.
PHILADELPHIA. June 22.— The
Uinted States championship lawn ten
nis tournament in ladies' .singles and
doubles and mixed doubles was con
tinued to-day at Wissahickon Heights.
Miss May Sutton, the 17-year-old
Pasadena, Cal., girl, was the , center
of interest. Her driving was a mar
vel j of strength and accuracy. She
defeated Miss F. Stotesbury easily, al
lowing her opponent only one game of
the thirteen played. Miss "A. L. Hall
of . Pasadena defeated Miss M. Rob
erts of Germantown, Pa/, in the first
round and In the second defeated Miss
M. Walter of Washington, D. , C.
- . In the women's doubles preliminary
Miss Sutton and Miss " Hall defeated
Miss Leroy of Philadelphia and Miss
Howell of Philadelphia.
In the mixed doubles preliminary
Miss Sutton and Miss Hall defeated
Miss Patton and Miss Howell, ; -
The Bullmans quarreled here last
¦winter and Mrs. Bullman brought suit
for divorce. She alleged her husband
earned $1600 a month and she asked
for half this. Bullman was offered
$12,000 for one of the houses in A this
city to which his wife alludes.
NEW YORK, June 22.— Jockey John
J. Bullman, accompanied by his inti
mate friend, Trainer Hiram Pierce,
ealied for Europe to-day. Their de
parture came as a surprise to even
their closest friends. It was the prin
cipal topic of discussion around Sheeps
head Bay.
Behind ¦ Bullman's departure lies a
tale of domestic) woe. Bullman left be
hind him a young wiOe and four charm-
Ing children, the eldest a sturdy, hand
some four-year-old John J. Bullman
Jr.. the youngest a baby just 7 months
old.
I Mrs. Bullman was formerly Miss May
Herbert of San Francisco. Mrs. Bull
man said to-night: "Our married life
was fairly happy until last January in
San Francisco. At that time he got
drunk and abused me. He has been
drinking heavily all spring, and sum
mer, and when drunk has abused me
shamefully in every way, often beat
ing me until my face and body would
be bruised and discolored for days.!'
Mrs. Bullman says that in addition
to the Sheepshead Bay home her hus
band owns two handsome furnished
residences in San Francisco and two in
Pasadena, Cal., and that the property
Is unincumbered. '.
Domestic Trouble Causes the Famous
Rider/ of Thoroughbreds to Leave
Unannounced for Abroad.
JOCKEY BULLMAN DEPARTS
SUDDENLY FOR EUROPE
First Race — Willowdene, Swedish
Lad, Ijone Wolf.
Second Race — Klngstelle, Lady
Fonse, Mildred L.
Third Race — Colonel White, Ltm
eiick Girl, Joe Kelly.
Fourth race— Irish Jewel, Ada X,
Elie.
Fifth Race — Follies Bergeries, Ath
ena, Radium. ,'
Sixth Race — Misanthrope, Louis La
bor, Lord Haven. >
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
Cincinnati 1' 5" 3
Chicago 8 14 2
Batteries— Suthoff, Kellum and Pelti; Brown
and Kllng. Umpire — Moran.
BROOKLYN. June 22.— In a pitchers* feattl*
Between McPherson and Garvin Philadelphia
defeated Brooklyn at Washington Park to-day
The winning tally was made In the thirteenth
Inning on a base on balls, a sacrifice hit and
a single. Attendance, 1000. Score:
„ , R. H. S.
Brooklyn 0 • 3
Philadelphia ; 15 8
Batteries— Ganrln and Rltter; McPhsnon
and.Dootn. Umpire — Johnstone.
BOSTON. June 22.— New York won from
Boston to-day by a score of 10 to 1 The
outfielders had few actual chances, but the
Inflelders handled the unusual number of
plays ln good style, many of them difficult
Attendance, 2500. Score:
It. H. B.
New York 10 14 1
Boston 1 8 0
Batteries — Wlltse and Warner; Fisher ana
Needham. Umpires — Emslle and Ztmmer.
CINCINNATI. June 22.— For the second time
of ths present series "Miner" Brown had an
easy time of It with Cincinnati. Suthoff after
the fourth, retired. . Kellum. who succeeded
him., waa badly punished ln the fifth, but did
well thereafter. Attendance. 4600 Score*
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. June 22.— Boston made
eight hits and scored six runs In two Innings
to-day. Waddell then retired ln favor of Ben<
der. Despite the handicap the locals narrowly
missed tlelng the score ln the ninth Inning.
Attendance, 9900 Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 7 14 2
Philadelphia 6 15* 1
Batteries— Tounp and Crlger; W&ddell, Ben
der and Scheclr. .
ST. LOUIS, June 22.— Timely hitting by St.
Louis ln the eighth inning of to-day's gam*
{rave them the victory over Detroit. Attend
ance, 16U0. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis fi 12 1
Detroit 4 7 1
Batteries— Pelty and Kahos; Kltson and
Buelow.
CHICAGO. June 22. — The locals won out ln
a hard-fought contest in tho tenth inning, a
base on balls, an 'out and a single scoring the
winning run. Attendance, 2500. Score:
, It. H. E.
Chtcaco 6 9 2
Cleveland fi ' 8 2
Batteries — White and Sullivan; Moore and
Abbott.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— Washington and
New York. Indulged in a slugging match to
day. AH of the home team's errors were
costly. Attendance. 2800. Scora:
' £> R. H. E.
Washington e 13 c
New York \\ 15 1
" Batteries— Orth and Drill; Griffith and Me-
Guire.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
(National Leairue.) 1 (American L*ague.>
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New Tork... 3" 16 .<;08 Boston 35 17 .673
Cincinnati ..3t 20 .630 New York. ..30 21 .RSS
Chicago 32 10 .628 Chicago 3123.574
Plttsburg ...28 23 .528 Cleveland ..26 23 .531
Bt. Louis. ...25 26 .490 Philadelphia. 27 24 .529
Boston 21 33 .389 St. Louts 24 25 .489
Brooklyn ...21 85 .375 Detroit 21 29 .420
Philadelphia. 13 37 .260 Washington.. 9 41 .180
Philadelphia Scores One Run and
Wins Great Thirteen-Innins Gome
From Brooklyn.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
"RUBE" WADDELL IS BUMPED
HARD BY THE BOSTONTANS
ST. LOUIS, June 22. — The entries
for to-m,orrow's races at the Fair
Grounds follow:
First race, five furlongs, selling — Swedish
Lad 107 Wlllowdene 106, Fred Hombeck 106.
Captain Neroth 103. Lone Wolf 99, Pillar 90.
Second race, one mile and twenty yards,
selling— Missile 111, Zella Knight 106. Charlie
Grainger 103, Blrdwood 103,. Dominls 103, Lit
tle Arrow 103 Merwan 99, Xlngstelle OtJ. Mil
dred L 91, Milbrook 87, Lady Fon«« 80, Over
hand 80.
Third race, nine-sixteenths of a mile—Col
onel White 115, Limerick Girl 112, Sylvan
Belle 112, Arby Van 109 Oceaner 109. Joe
Kelly 109 A. Muskoday 100. The Doctrcss 1C6.
Ollie Burnett 106. Loyal Street 106, Loretta
M 106, Georgia Carter 100.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
selling— Thane 108 Irish Jewel 108, Ada N
101. Pettljohn 100, Kile 87.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Follies Bergerea 107,
Bonnie Mary 102. Mafalda 07. Athena 97. Ra
dium 97, Miss Doyle 07.
Sixth race — One mile and twenty yards, gell
ing—Uuccleuth 106 Wissendlne 106, Canyon
105, Ivernla 102, Love's Labor 101. Murmur
100, Pourquot I'as 97, Caithness 98,' Eleven
Bells 96, Lord Haven 93, Misanthrope 91.
Weather clear; track heavy.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
NEW X ORK - June 22. — Proper,
Savable, Hurst Park, Dick Bernard
and other flyers will hook up to-mor
row at Sheepshead Bay in the Sheeps
head Bay handicap at one mile. The
day's entries:
First race, five and a half furlonra two
year-olds. Eclipse course — Voladay 117, Aster-
Ink 117. Lochlnvar 112, Hot Shot 112 Jerry C
112, Rusher 112, Lindsay Gordon 112, Phoebus
112. Coeur de Lion 112. Bill Bailey II 112, Red
Revnard 112.
Second race,' one and an eighth miles, three
year-olds and un selling — Alack 118. Mackey
Dwyer 11«. Sir Ship 113. Agnes D 113. Hyd
rangea 91. Stonewall 111, Allan 108. Garnish
104, Conkllng 104. Champlaln 104, Bobadll 101
Revelllo 101, Oradell 08, Hatchet 98; Glisten
96. Naughty Lady 86, Dr. Chapln 99 Sey
mour 93.
Third race, full course, the Roekaw&y cup—
Wace 163. Twilight 186, Pure Pepper 146
Whitecrest 146. Tom Cogan 145, Agio 146
Princess Chic 131, Allanthus 183, Oartnacallen
188. Bonfire 132. Oraceway 130.
Fourth race, one mile, the Sheepehead Bay
handicap— Hurst Park 130, Eavable 124, Proper
118. Buttons 100, Roehampton 110, Graxlallo
104, Dick Bernard 100. Stalwart 100. Ingold
98, Salvatella 05, Cloten 95. Orthodox 95 Lndy
Prudence 90. Illyria 88, Marines 87. Pentaur
87. (Marmee and Lady Prudence, Watt entry;
Buttons and Stalwart, Thomas entry.)
Fifth race, six furlongs, two-year-old maid
ens,, main track, selling — Flying Redskin 107,
Raiment 109, Prince Joseph 105, Dance Muslo
106, Harpoon 103. Knight of Weston 102, Only
One 102, Hlldebrand 102, Benlala 102, Torchello
100, Cashier 97. Little Buttercup 96. PWIon
96, Winchester 84. Ida Stack 84, Mante Stroup
94. Fleur de Marie 96.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, on the
turf, handicap— Grand Opera 126, Old England
122, Stamping Ground 117, Montreson 113,
John F 111. Norbury 108, Gold Dome 107. New
Tork 98. Sweet Alice 98. Nlskayuna 93.
Weather clear: track fast.
SITETEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
By the New Tork Morninr Telerraph.
First race— Phoebus, Voladay, Jer
ry C.
Second race — Garnish, Seymour,
Bobodil.
Third race— Tom Co£»n, White
Crest, Agio.
Fourth race— Buttons, Roehampton,
Sa vablc.
Fifth race— Flenr de Marie, Win
chester, Little Buttercup. . »
Sixth race— Old England, John F,
Grand Opera, *
Racine at Seattle.
SEATTLE, June 22. — Summary
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
Headwater won. Skip Me second. J. H. Ben
nett third. Time, l:09V«. . ; -
Second race, five furlongs, selling— Oottlleben
won. Max Tress second, Abydos third. Time.
1:01%.
Third race, six and a half furlongs—Mounte
bank won. Red Damsel second, Galanthus
third. Time, l:20?i.
Fourth race, one mile and fifty yards, handi
cap — Colonel Anderson won, Oro Viva second.
George B'rry third. Time. .1:44%. v
Fifth face, six furlongs, selllnp— My Sur
prise won. Budd Wade second. Matt Hoean
third. Time. 1:14%.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Leash won,
Flatonlus second. Henry Clay Rye third. Time,
Palo Alto, Pocatelli, Rector, Sacra
mento Boy, Full Moon, Richard An
ton and other crack greyhounds will
meet in a champion stake on Sunday
at Union Coursing Park. There will
also be a sixty-four dog open reserve
stake. The draw last night resulted
as follows:
Champion stake — Richard Anton vs. Sacra
mento Boy; Belle Free vs. Pocatelli ; Rector vs.
Tom King; Full Moon vs. Palo Alto.
Open reserve — Flren vs. Haphazard; Cuban
ola vs. Lord Brazen: Orslna vs. Rich Array;
Racing Auto vs. Bright Fortune; Golden For
tune vs. Carlow Boy: Colored Lady vs. Piun
kett; Pagliaccl vs. Tom Llpton; Silver Cloud
vs. Rural Artist: General Dewet vs. Ina Clssus;
Galveston vs. The Referee; In Time vs. Rene
rade Apache; Liberator vs. Tammany Maid:
Fontenoy vs. Red Pepper; Aeolus vs. J E H;
ChiMmarn. va. Kalae Alarm; Texas Jill vs. Oc
tavius; Ragged Actor vs. Free From Flaw;
Merry Go Round vs. Mark Twain; High Born
vs. Angus Clssus: Gambit vs. Rich Argosy;
Sea Lion vs. Tamora; Friendless Boy vs. Money
Musk; Sempronlus vs. Fancy Free; Ready Ad
dress vs. Master Rocket; Qutta vs. Honest
John; Raby Aurora vs. Texas Mamie; Rose of
Gold vs. Texas lloo Hoo; Little Klamath vs.
Mickey Free; Big. Klamath vs. Rocker Arm;
Lily Wright vs. Texas Ginger; Frank, Dunn vs.
Rapid Water; All Baba vn. Tcellus.
Old Rivals Are Entered in tho Prin
cipal Event on This
Week's Card.
CHAMPION GREYHOUNDS
TO MEET AT UNION PARK
SIXTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
•elling; three-year-olds and up
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3 to 1— Coppella. 88 (Crlmmins) 6 41 12
P to 1— Tantalus Cup.107 (O'Nl) 3 2 V, 2 iU,
40 to 1— Flara. 101 (Miles).... ' B 6 V, 3 »i
Time. 2:08 2-B Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. M Corbett's ch. f. by Klnjtston-
Corlto. Hyland. Brooklynit*. Phaon Sabot
Mgrette, Brlarthrope. The Rhymer. McLonjr
worth. Sir Roch*. St. Gallan. Pataironlan
Mary Worth Tom Lawson. Gold Van finished
as named. ¦ " *
FIFTH RACE — One mile; purse: three-year
olds and up .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. « Fin
3 to 1— Buttons; 123 (Phillips) 4 1 2 1 n
J> to 10— Mercury. 108 (Hlldebd) 2 2 h 2 10
12 to 1— Akela. 123 (Odom) 5 S S 3U
Time. 1:40 4-5. Start good Won driving.
Winner, E. R. Thomas' bay g. by Tenny-
Houseglrl. Homestead, Ancestor, finished as
named.
FOURTH RACE-On« and an eighth miles;
tT?.i rm r stakes for three-year-old fillies.
Bettlnc. Hor*e. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin
11 to 20— Beldame. 126 (O'Nell). 1 13 17
60 to 1— Little Km, 111 (Lyn).. 3 2 h 2 ZV,
12 to 1— Possession. Ill fHldbd) 4 6 3 U,
Time. 1:54 2-6. Start fair. Won eased up
Wlnnrr. N. Bennlngton's ch. f. by Octagon -
Bellamanna. Bridgeport, Audience Graceful,
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to ft— Blandy. 115 (O'Neill)...... 4 46 In
6 to 1— Niblick. 115 (H. Phillips).. 1 3 2 2 3«
5 to 2— Councilman. 115 (Hicks). . .8 13 3 6
Time. 1:08 1-6. Start good. Won driving.
t» n n U r ' Bennlngton's ch. c. by Hastings-
Belinda Buttling:. Amberjack and Golden
Green finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
thrfe-year-clds and up; handicap-
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey St. « Fin.
6 to 1— Lady Amelia, 110 (Phllps) 4 1 *4 1 3%
15 to 1— Lady Uncas, 1W (Martin) 2 2 1^2 K
10 to 1— Mc.ntre*on. 100 (Hlldbrd) 5 4 ti. :< •'¦
T'rae. 1:19- Start rood. Won handily! Win
ner E. R. Thomas' br. f. by Ben Brush-La Co-
Ionia. Grenade. Ronetlnt. Lux Casta. Dales
man. Illyria, TYhorler and Mlzzen finished as
named.
SHEEPSHEAD BAT, June 22. — It
was good to see a high-class racer
like Beldame, daughter of the fast
horse Octagon, win the Mermaid
stakes, which she did in a canter to
day at the Coney Island Jockey Club
course, in the presence of a large at
tendance. Beldame has not failed the
public in a single instance this year.
If ever there was an excusa for a man
risking a few dollars the Mermaid
stakes afforded that excuse and Bel
dame the medium. The odds, 11 to
20, were not prohibitive after it was
seen that Audience had warmed up so
badly as to have little or no chance.
William Lakeland's filly Little j Em
finished second to Beldame and an
other old time Brighton Beacher se
cured third money when Charley Ox's
Possession finished In that position.
E. R. Thomas won two races and
nearly won a third. Niblick came as
near as possible to defeating Blandy
ln ,the juvenile race, which was run
on the main track and could be seen
from start to finish. It was only in
the last few strides that O'Nell suc
ceeded ln getting Blandy up to Nib
lick, which had deprived the pace
maker, Councilman, of the lead in the
last hundred yards. Many wondered
what Induced Jockey Hicks to make
so much use of Councilman. For five
furlongs he was so full of speed that
a slight reservation of it in the early
part of the race might have landed
him in front at the wire.
The gray and magenta colors of Mr.
Thomas were seen in front on Lady
Amelia and Buttons. The first named
broke the track record at six and a
half furlongs, running the distance in
1:19. The former record was 1:19 1-6,
held by John Daly's Glennellle. Sum
maries:
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; two-year-old
maiden fillies; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
6 to 1— Candida, 105 (Hlldebrand) 4 13 12
!2 to 1— Danseuse, 106 (0'Nelll). . . T 2 l%2 n
»tol— Novena, 109 (Shaw) 2 3 ij 3 2(5
Time. 1:04 3-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner H. M. Zeigler's b. f. by Sir Dlxon-
Black Heart. Kiamesha, Baroque, Salt and
Pepper, Sparkling, Nora Light. Vassar Girl,
Revel, Antimony. Calmness, Blessing Lass
Fountain, Belle Dlxon, IsmaUlan, Kate Caf
frey. Black Cat and Linda Lee finished as
named.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Et. »i Fin.
11 to 6 — Frank Collins, 95 (Stoval) 12 5 11
10 tol— Our Ltllle. 89 (Williams). 5 In 210
7 to 1 — Trapsetter, 94 (Anderson) 4 4 2 3 7
Time. 1:23^. start pood. Won handily.
Winner, Mrs. Anna Glven's br. K. (3) by Jacks
wood-Lady Glide. Orient 98. Mordella 91, Ve
lasquez 107. finished as named.
FIFTH RACB>— Five furlonrs; two-y ear-old* ;
puree:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Woodlands. 101 (Davis).. ¦? 1^14
4 to 6— Milton Young. 106 (Wtsn). 2 2 n 2 10
20 to 1— Black Art, 106 (Crawford) 1 3 5 3 12
Time, 1:04. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. Barney Schrelber's b. c. (2) by Saln-MIss
Marlon. Bradwarlln 103, Trourer* 106, finished
aa named.
Tlme.» l:69ii. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, M. P. Mattlngly's b. o. (3) by Skyatone-
Whlta Wings. Flying Torpedo 108, Judge
Hlmes 107, Jordan 100, finished aa named.
FOURTH RACE — One- and aa eighth miles;
three- year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
6 to 1— Oldstone, 97 (Powell) .... 8 1« 13
10 to 1 — Hymettus. 92 (Hennessey) 8 2 7 2 5
8 to 1— Falkland. 84 (Stoval) 4 62 36
THIRD RACE— Six and a, half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. •! Fin.
8 to 6— Pretension. 03 (Davis) 4 32 12
8 to 1— Joe Goss. 104 (Ivers) 2 1 IVi- 10
4 tol— Alflo, 103 (Rayner) 8 4 h fi 1%
Time, 1:23*4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. P. M. Clvlll's b. jr.. (3) by Orlflamb-
Vanlty. King Fox II 84, Jerry Hunt 97, fin
ished as named.
Time. 1:17&. Start good. Won drtvlng.
Winner, John McClernand's b. m. (4) by De
ceiver-Becky Sharp. Crime 102, Lady Con
trary 102, Dottle Shute 102, Goody Two Shoes
103. Maehonl 95, Susie Letcher 105. finished
as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; four-year
olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
40 to 1— Feronla. OB (Piunkett)... 7 6 \i 1 1
6 to 2— SUng. 107 (Crawford) • 4 1%2 2
« to 1— Suave. 107 (Davis) S 1 ns 8 S
ST. LOUIS, June 22.— Three World's
Fair handicap candidates met ln to-day's
feature at the fari grounds. Old Stone
ran a game race, beating Hymettus and
Falkland. The other stake entries did
not have a chance for the money. Her
mis, favorite for the big stake, was
breezed before the crowd and was re
ceived with tumultuous applause. Mc-
Chesney and" Witful will arrive to
morrow morning. Summary:
FIItST RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Batting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Pique. 103 (Anderson)... 3 8 4 1 1ft
18 to 6— Wakeful, 108 (Watson).. B 12 ,2 2
8 tol— Lady Lou. 103 (Davis)... 8 7 4 8 3
Time. :60W. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, L. O. Appleby's b. t (2) by Gold Crest-
Galllard. Aspatla 99 Sonya 103. Algetha 103.
Hounding Ship 68, Pharmacy 88, Viola Faith
103. Red Leaf 100, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Of the twenty days received from
Washington Park, Worth and Harlem
are each given seven and Hawthorne
six.
CHICAGO, June 22.— Racing will be
resumed next Friday at the .Chicago
Jockey Club course at Hawthorne. The
original Hawthorne dates extended
from July 18 to July 30. Announce
ment was made to-day after a formal
session of the "Western Jockey Club in
the offices of the Ashland Club. At the
meeting were President Lawrence A.
Young, Richard Fitzgerald of Haw
thorne, Louis Cella of 'St. Louis and
Martin Xathanson, representing the
Harlem interests. The official an
nouncement of the Jockey club was
made by Secretary Harvey Woodruff
as follows: ,
"The Western Jockey Club received
from the Washington Park Jockey
Club to-day the notice of the surrender
of the remainder of its racing dates al
lotted for the season of 1904. At a
meeting of the stewards of the West
ern Jockey Club It w^s'declded, in or
der' to protect the horsemen now locat
ed in Chicago, to apportion the remain
ing days among the Chicago tracks.
Permission was given the Chicago
Jockey Club to open on Friday, June
24. HARVEY WOODRUFF.
"Secretary."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Racing Will Be Resumed at
Hawthorne Course on
Next Friday
Hermis, Favorite for World's
Fair Handicap, Accorded
Ovation at St. Louis.
Newton Bennington 's Bel
dame Captures Mermaid
Stakes in a Canter.
WASHINGTON PARK DATES ARE ALLOTTED
TO OTHER CHICAGO RACING ASSOCIATIONS
NOVEL MATCH
IS ARRANGED
BROWNIES ROOT
THE SOUTHRONS
Walter Hobart and F. J. Car
olan Agree to Futurity
Stakes in Miniature Form
With a Ninth Inning Rally
Northern Stars Pluck Tic
tory From Morley ? s Angels
DREXXAX STARTS BALL
YOUXG PONIES TO RACE
His Timely Swat in Final
Bound Turns the Tide in
Favor of the Home Team
and of Ora Will Meet on
Track Two Years Hence
Progeny of Fleet Fusillade
6TANTHNG OF 1 THE CLUBS
• — —
(Pacific Coast I>aa-ue.)
w. i* pet. i vr. i- Pet.
racoma ....48 35 .678P*attle 44 87 .84:j
Los An««les.46 37 .6MlSan Fran... 35 4« .«3J
Oakland 15 37 .64y|Hoitland ...26 52 .3-J
The dashing poloists and hunting
men of the Burlingame Country Club
have a sporting match in prospect
which has created no end of discussion
in the San Mateo County haven of
sportsmen.
As is generally known, Walter S. Ho
bart and Francis J. Carolan own tha
greatest two ponies in America, the
former's Silver Dick being famous as a
sprinter on two continents, while Mr.
Carolan's Fusillade is equally great
over a distance of ground. In addition
to Silver Dick Mr. Hobart has a great
pony named Ora, of which he has a
high opinion.
The proud owners have some foals by
their horses, and it is in them that in
terest centers just now. There has been
a discussion as to what speed they will
show when they are old enough to go to
the races, and this discussion has re
sulted in the arrangement of a Futurity
stakes in miniature.
A sweepstakes at $000 a corner has
been arranged, the ponies to meet when
well advanced in their two-year-old
form, which will be the summer of 1906.
As Rudolph Spreckels, president of the
California Polo and Pony Racing Asso
ciation, is an enthusiastic breeder of
race ponies, the match is left open for
him to make a nomination if he so de
sires. It has been stipulated that the
lightest available Jockeys will be used.
Each of the owners has some year
lings at present, and it Is possible they
will make another match to be decided
next year.
The first of Fusillade's progeny will
soon be ready to race. Fusillade Is as
well bred as any living race horse. He
is by St. Leger, and the latter was by
Doncaster. Ben d'Or was sired by Don
caster and he in turn sired the mighty
Ormonde.
PORTLAND. June 22.— For eight
weary innings the local fans saw the
home team dish up ball that would
make an Asiatic's heart ache. Then
many of the spectators sorrowfully
meandered to the street cars and sat
down In gloom. But for the faithful
there was a gre&t thrill in store. For
just such a sensation many bad hoped
till hope seemed futile indeed.
Klrby Drennan turned the trick.
With one foot practically in a sling he
hobbled out to the home plate and
emote the sphere viciously. Castro had
already received a pass to first and
Chase had bungled when Steelman hit
hard- Roach had gone to sleep between
bags during the game, so Drennan bat
ted for him and Castro scored. Nadeau
hit one to center and Spencer, fleet of
foot, came home. Then McCreedie sin
gled, and Nadeau brought in the tally
that won the game for Portland. The
score:
Portland— I Lo« Ang^lea—
AB. R. H. P.A.i AB. K. H. P.A.
Nadeau If 6 0 4 1 0 Tcman.ss 4 0 11-
McCrd.rf 6 0 0 10 Flood.2b. 4 112 4
Tfclelm.ef 4 0 0 10 Smlth.Sb 4 0 2 18
B<?ck.lb. 4 1 1 12 11 Barnrd.cf 4 10 2 0
Krnds.Sb 4 0 113 Cravth.rf 4 O 1 1 O
Castrt>.2b 2 1 0 3 S Ohase.lb. 4 O 1 8 2
lUymd.M 4 0 16 3Ros*.lf.. 4 1110
Stelma.C 3 10 3 2 Sples.c.. 4 0 19 2
P.oach.p. 8 0 10 SGray.p.. 4 0 10 2
•Drenan. 1110 0 — —
1 Totals 38 3 ©t25 15
Totals 35 4 10 27 15
•Drennan betted for Roarh in ninth Inning.
?One out when winning run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 00010000 8—4
Ease hlt5 10 12 1110 8—10
Is* Angles 1 00 10000 1— a
Ba*e hltf "01210111—9
SUMMARY.
nrrcrs — Raymond <2>. Nad»an. Toman,
Tiood Chat*. Stolen bases — Roach. Spies.
Baee» on ball?— Oft Gray 3. Struck out— By
Roach 2. by Gray 7. Two-base hits— Flood.
Brcfc Ftnlth. Itoss. Three-base hit— Nadeau.
Double play — Flood to Chase, to Emlth, to
£piee. L*;t on bases — Portland 8. L<os Angeles
ii First base on errors — Portland 3, Los
Angelc* 2. Time of came — Two hours. Cm
tire — O'Connell.
Fast Amateur Boxers to Meet.
Manager Alec Greggains of the San
Francisco Athletic Club has prepared
an excellent card for his monthly
boxing exhibition to take place at
Woodward's pavilion to-morrow night.
Joe Thomas and Teddy Wolffe will
meet in the main event- The remain
der of the programme is made up of
good events, including bouts between
Jack Grey and Willie Wolffe, Dick
Hyland and Joe Podesta, Mike Synfy
and Young McClure and other prom
ising boxers.
MacDonough Yearlings Sold.
CHICAGO, June 22. — The consign
ment of the Menlo Stock Farm of
California has been sold at the Fasig-
Tipton horae sale in the Union stock
yards. Only fair prices ruled. A
brown colt by Orslnl-Libbertlflibbet
brought the highest price of the day.
W. Gumm of Chicago secured the
colt for $2200. The next highest price
paid was $800 for a chestnut colt by
St. Carlo-Lux Cressa, Gumm also get
ting this animal.
Amateur Swimming Contests.
The annual amateur swimming
championships under the auspices of
the Pacific Athletic Association, which
take place to-night at the Lurline
baths, are creating much interest in
athletic circles. Some oC the best
swimmers on the coast are entered
and great sport is expected. Several
of the swimmers come all the way
from Reno, Nev., to take part. In
addition to the swimming there will
be diving contests.
TIGERS OVERCOME BIG LEAD.
( lakbiml Scores Six Runs in First, but
Mill Lose.
TA8OMA. June -22. — Pete Lohman
thougm the game was his after the
first inning, in which the Commuters
were six to the good. A batter hit, a
base on balls, followed by errors by
Lynch and McLaughlin. coupled with
streib's double and Byrnes* single,
followed Doyle's costly error. The
Tigers were game and kept fighting.
In the fifth, with the bases full, Byrne
dropped Graham's easy fly and timely
hits by Hogan and Thomas helped to
bring "in five.
Both clubs continued to fight until
the end and the pitchers were hit
hard. Francks and Casey did the best
fielding, while Schlafley made a won
derful one-hand catch. Thomas pitch
ed good ball after the first and fielded
his position cleverly.
With one run In and a man on base
Thomas struck Schlafley out in the
eighth- In the ninth Kruger doubled,
but Doyle made a pretty stop" of
Streib's drive and the next two flew
to Casey, spoiling Oakland's chance to
win- Score:
Tsxots* — < Oakland —
AB.R- H- P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle,*.. 6 2 11 3 Gar.Iey.rf & 0 1 1 0
8hetm.Sb 4 18 2 SjFranks.s fi 1 1 4 3
Nrfiyk.lb fi 2 3 11 0 Dnlry.cf 6 110 0
McUa,lf. 4 0 0 0 0 Shlfly.2b. 4 10 2 1
J^j-nch.cf. 4 12 0 0 Krutr.lr. 6 12 2 0
Casey.Zb. 4 2 16 3|Devrx.3b 4 18 4 0
COrtun,c 8 10 0 2 Stn-lb.lb. 6 12 6 0
Hotan.rf 8 12 1 0, Byrne.c.. 6 18 6 0
Tfcomaa,p 4 12 0 CjO.Ghm.p. 4 110 6
TotaU.8« U 14 27 ul Totals. 42 S 14 24 ~i
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Tte»m* 12008012 x— 11
Bam btu 12004128 x— 14
Oakland 80000011 O — 8
Bas a hits 802.01282 1—14
8UMMART.
Errors — Dorle 2, McLaurhlln. t,jnc\ Thom
as, Derereaox. Byrne. Etruek out — By Thomas
8. by Graham S. Bases on balls — By Thomas
1. by Graham 4. Hit by pitcher — By Thomas
I. Passed balls— Byrne 2. Wild pitches — By
Tbemai 1, by Graham 1. Stolen bases — Lynch,
etrelb, Dusleavy. Two-base hits— Doyle,
Gtrelb. Dcrereauz 2, Emrer. Three-baa* hit —
Shschan. BacriQc* hits — Sheehaa, C Graham.
Double pUya— Fraacks to Btrelb 2. Left on
fea«es— Taooma 7, OaUaad 9. Time of irame —
8 hours. Umpires— McDonald and McCarthy.
EBATTLE, June 22. — Baseball
mixed with rain and thunder was the
order t©-day. Seattle got off in front
a.nd scored bo many runs ln the first
three Innings that Ban Francisco did
FANS SEE STORMY BASEBALL.
Ktstn and Tfaonder Help Seattle Beat
Baa Frandsoo.
not count as a factor after that period.
In the third inning the downpour
was so great that Umpire Brown stop
ped play for twenty minutes.
A rainbow came out, but San Fran
cisco was not especially anxious to
proceed and delayed the play as much
as possible. After they did get to
work the remainder of the game was
fairly interesting, although devoid of
sensational features. Score:
Seattle — San Francisco—
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Vn Hn,cf 4 110 0 Mlller,2b 6 118 4
Mhl»r,2b S 1 1 1 6 Hldbnd.lf 4 0 13 0
Dlnty.Sb 8 111 0 "VValdn.cf 4 0 12 0
Frif k.lf S 1 1 4 0 Meany rf 4 0 0 0 1
Smlth.rf 8 2 2 10 Irwln.Sb 4 0 0 2 1
Bmhr.lb 4 12 8 0 Andsn.es 4 110 3
Hall, ss 8 0 2 1 0 Tn«nd.lb 8 0 1 11 1
Bnksp. o 4 0 1 6 0 Gorton. c 8 0 13 0
Barber.p 4 0 10 1 Jones, p 4 0 0 0 6
Totali.Sl 7 12 27 e! Totals.88 2 6 24 IS
RUNS AND HITS BT INNIXQS.
SeatU* B 0200000*— 7
Bate hits S 0 8 1 0 1 0 2 z— 12
Ban Francisco ...0 0001100 -0 2
Base bits 0 01133000—6
SUMMARY.
Errors — Frisk 2, Delehanty, Braabear, An*
derson. , Two-base bits — Mohler, Blankenshlp
Brashear, Townsend, Walflron Anderson.
Stolen base — Smith. Sacrifice hits — Van Hal
tren. Bmlth. Hall. Double plays— Miller to
Townsend: Inrln to Townsend. Bases on
called balls — Off Barber 2. off Jones 2. Base
on hit by pitcher — By Jones. Btruck out
By Barber 4, by Jones 2. Balk — Jones. Left
on bases— Seattle «. 8an Francisco 8. Tlm«
of rame — 1 hour and 40 minutes. Umpire-
Brown.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY. JUNE 23, 1904.
CHAMPION JEFFRIES' INJURED KNEE IS YIELDING SLOWLY TO TREATMENT
The man who is the victim of schem
ers is generally the one who does as
he would be done by.
"When one notices the extraordinarily
large sums which have been spent en
the acquisition of snuff boxes one Is
less surprised that the habit of snuff
taking has been abandoned than one
would be if it were to be revived. Two
thirds of the Hawkins sale, composed
mainly of snuff boxes, yields the enor
mous amount of £127.000. and of this
the £1050 paid for a Louis XIV oval
gold box, inlaid with six plaques and
painted with classical themes, is an
example of the attractions which
these objects de vertu have always
exercised over purchasers of antiqui
ties.—London Globe.
Hare Old Snuff Boxes.
A correspondent points out nine ways
of pronouncing the letters "ough."
These are, written phonetically, as Jn
coff, cauf (each is allowable), enuff.
thaut, tho, three, hiccup, the Irish
lough and the Scot's pronunciation of
sough, "such," the two final consonants
in the last two words representing the
corresponding gutturals in German. The
editor, In comment, adds: "There is
one other — 'bough.' " — London Chroni
cle.
The Ways to Say "Oush."
The largest grapevine in the world
is growing in the Carplnteria Valley,
twelve miles east of Santa Barbara,
Cal., and is called La Para Grande. It
was started from a cutting sixty-one
years ago by a voung Spanish woman.
Dona Ayala. It is. eight feet four Inches
in circumference at its base and one
of the horizontal branches measures
more than three feet ln circumference.
The trellis covers about a third of an
acre and sixty heavy posts support it.
The vine produces as many as 5000
bunches annually, at a conservative
estimate, and in good years many
clusters measure twelve to fifteen
Inches in length and weigh six to eight
pounds. Its owner estimates that In
1895 the vine yielded ten tons of grapes.
The Linrgest Grapevine.
Information regarding the trials, to
gether with entry blanks, may be ob
tained of Secretary Albert Betz. 201
Parrott bulldins.
10
every part of the body. Then ->„„, .«^ Amory » **"•. January 28,1003.
you begin to feel out of sorts •l«ffiJfwJS?lJ!i a {!5 lulBill « ft fkrm on the Ml1 '
US ever suspecting t£e
cause. J*o energy or appe- IT "V*. ck ' * toaka nnnl w ©f medicines recom-
tite, dull headaches sleeov ™ end »* M blood purifiers, chill cures and Mala-
jnd tired 'StSSJ^ X&SSSttVS^iSSSXSSZ
fagged-out from the slightest "¦»<>• The result was that after taking three bot-
exertion, are some of thede- !l e ',^!^! la /? e " ll!eIw "*" wel i»? d « tron »'" 1
P ;orableeffects O fthi S^
ling malady. As the disease and would adrlse everybody else to follow my ex*
progresses and the blood be- •>»P 1 ««, B. B. COWI^JY.
comes more deeply poisoned, boils and abscesses and dark or yellow spots
appear upon the skin. When the poison is left to ferment and the microbes
and germs to multiply in the blood, Liver and Kidney troubles and other se-
S^«*^ rious complications often arise. As Malaria begins
r^^J 0^7 f 1^ d evel °P s . * n the w °od» the treatment to be effect?
J^V »T^^ ive must begin there too. S. S. S. destroys the germs
fc-^J and poisons and purifies the polluted blood. S. S. S.
' is a guaranteed purely vegetable remedy. Write, us
if you want medical advice or any special information. This will cost you
nothing. 7HE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA*
¦ APVZBTTSTiTvrETrra.
MEN, I HAVE THE. CURE! j
.^JflEfffalifoi.. I want to talk to men who have pains Fi
>}BPB£a^l-»TSirNi and aches, who feel run down physically. ||
/Ek KS^Kka -who realize that the old "fir?" and energy P
j^ffffiWgjF i gricn"a> which was so evident in youth la absent V
a^SSf^^^^^ tK now; men who can't stand tho amount fl
JSfSSSwWr Wk °' « x *rtlon they could yean ajo. I want I
flREggSSr Ea you — if that means you — to s«« what I J
SSBhSL: Ef have dono for others who wer« Just as Cf
ggggBfflBl Ef bad off. That's my Introduction. If a |]
fcr^j^-^S-Ss^T^^iB^^^ friend In whom you had confidence?* pro- I]
TgHffirjmlmBjLj'ifffcf sented nome one to you and said. "Jack, fi
tBfficlnftXOlSSjET' tlUv I here's Brown; he has made good with t
*^i V 1^ I me ' and J trust him." wouldn't you trust il
Jo 1 hlm - too? If you w111 tel1 m « *¦"«¦» you S
SAO§iSM& I aro J w111 slve you the name of a man [I
Xk?SftJ5KaS^iraT?^ J ln your own ' * ow n whom I have cured, ij
iflraHJ l vvil1 Pa y $1000 Forfeit L
*jjgSjBB3H3K5Sj Jr ° r a ca8e of Nervous Debility. Varl- |l
XffigflBnjBMMPlWlfcjMf cocelo. Rheumatism, Lame Back. L'.im- f
Mk jtfmW bago. Sciatica, any case of Kidney Din- I
&&» *«By'v?^*^V*>2 * a * e that nas not * one " raT *-¦• Bright'* I
.JmBL r^*xJ'fl5HV Disease; Indigestion. Constipation, or any II
iSSgmlJBi^. f^UuMWTtvSk. weakness which I cannot cure, with my t
new Improved Electric Belt, the, marvel fc
jf^p^PJS^^^^OMSanSlXl^n^S^g^ of electricians, the most wonderful cur- I
•^^^^^M^^SoBSW^^^SBuS' atlve device thnt has ever bern intro- fl
"~"-^*C«R^^v ' &' IrS' du<»ed. This Belt is complete with Free H
¦T - *y" l TT x Electrical Suspensory. rl
This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct and cures all weak- *
nesses of men. varlcocele. etc. It develops and expands all weak nerves Bi
and checks a loss of vitality. No case of Failing: Vigor. Varlcocele or De- il
bllity can resist this powerful Electric Attachment. It never fails to cure. |
Mr. E. F. Lohman. Hooker. Ca!.. write*. March 11: "Th« feeling of deapendan- I
ey la cone and I have perfect confidence In myself now. I'm a well man." y
No man should be weak, no man should suffer the loss of that vital- fi
Ity which renders life worth living:. No man should allow himself to I
become less a man than nature Intended him. no man should suffer when I
there is at hand a certain cure for his weakness. *!
My Electric Belt, with special Electric Suspensory, will restore your H
power. It will check all loss of vital power and affects every orran of Hi
the body. H
Mr. W. F. Quite, Reno, Nev.. writer March 10: "Tour Belt cured m* after f II
had spent $1000 ln useless doctoring:." E
I have cured thousands of men who have squandered the saving* of L
years in useless doctoring. n
An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and young as he did at 35 H
That shows it renews the vigor of youth. It cures Rheumatism Sciatic II
Pains, Lumbago, Kidney Trouble, Banishes pain in a night never to H
return. 11
FREE BOOK T , ry * my . Be !!: ,. Wr , u £ me to -** r for m y beautiful h
,.~. * ,T - illustrated book, with cuts showing how my Belt is i
applied, full of good readnlg matter for men who want to be "The Noblest A
Work of God"— A MAN. Inclose this ad. and I will send this book, sealed, j
CALL TO-DAY— ft you can. call and see me and I will show you how
V£Ji? n be cured and * lve you a free test ot m y Belt. CONSULTATION :
FREE.
Dp. M.G. McLaughlin, st. |
vColTuaMa St. Z.os Aureles. 123 Sonti Svrtug. Street. «•"*¦•"«»•»«» 1Reliable gas ranges $16 50, regular
price $20, this week only at S. F. Gas
& Electric Co., 415 Post st. •
United States Cosst and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low .Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Time Bait on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly sit noon to-day
1 e., at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. 8. N.. In charge. '
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
June 22. 1904.
Time Ball.
To Visit San Francisco
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the most beautiful Jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine. •
BANKRUPT MINER.— H. M. Grover. a
miner of Georgetown. El Dorado County, filed
a petition In bankruptcy In the United States
court yesterday His liabilities are f2528, with
no assets. s - ¦
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minute* later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide la the came at both places.
THURSDAY. JUNE 23.
Sun rises 4.45
Sun sets **7*33
Moon sets l:Vg"a*. m.
0 J T > m eJ j*2 J Ttme | ) Timt: Time!
p I 1 Ft. I Ft. / Ft. Ft.
« [L W( lH Wf [L W [h W|
23 1:5$ 0.6 8:35 : 4.0 1:32 2.3 8:03 BO
24 2:54 0.0 9:40 4.2 2:22 2.6 8:49 60
25 3:42—0.4 10:40 4.5 3:10 2.9 9:33 60
26 4:28—0.7 11:30 4.6 3:56 2.9 10:16 5 9
27 5:11 —0.8 12:18 4.6 4:42 2.9 10:57 8 8
28 5:52-0.8 1:00 4.7 5:22 3.1 n :3 6 l.l
29 6:S0— 0.6 1:44 4.8 6:12 3.2
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time* the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are" in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low water*.
Edward Hansen, treasurer' of the
Beer Drivers' and Stablemen's Union
No. 227. secured a warrant from Po
lice Judge Mogan yesterday for the
arrest of Rudolph Speck, the default
ing financial secretary of the union,
on a charge of felony embezzlement.
The amount alleged in the complaint
is $75. but it is said that the total will
exceed $1000. Speck disappeared on
May 20 and the books of the union
disappeared with him.
Wnrrant Out for Speck's Arrest.
Constadi Bernardo, a man who was
recently released from the State Hos
pital for the Insane at Napa, was
taken to the Detention Hospital yes
terday, where he will be held until
again committed to the State Hos
pital for safe keeping. When searched
at the City Hall a long dirk was found
concealed in his breast coat pocket.
Bernardo had threatened the life
of a nurse at the Reeves Atkinson
Sanitarium -on Sutter street because
she declined to marry him. He called
there yesterday and insisted on 'being
admitted to see the nurse. A police
officer was called In and had the man
removed to the City Hall,- where it
was deemed advisable to place him in
a padded cell.
Crazy Man With a Knife.
tTnder date of May 19, 1904, the act-
Ing Secretry of State transmits to the
Department of Commerce and Labor
the following telegram, dated May 17,
from the Embassador of the United
States at St. Petersburg: "The cus
tom-house authorities inform me that
the decree of April 21. 1904, makes raw
and not manufactured cotton contra
band of war."— N. Y. Commercial.
Raw Cotton Contraband of War.
ARRIVED
Wednesday, June 22.
Ptrrr Eonlta. Preble. 12 hours from Ban
Pedro.
titmr CorjulIIe River, Sanfcrd, 77 hours from
Grays Harbor.
£tir.r F A KUbum. Jahnsen. 7 hours from
Port Rodger*.
Strr.r Scotia, Johnson. 12 hour* from Bowens
Landing.
Ncr etrcr Tellus, Arntzen, 91 hours from
Ladveznith.
Stmr Marsfcfield. Dettmers, 22 hours from
Kureka,
Htnr Esicea, Madsen. 43 hours from Ean
Pedro.
Ftror Corona, Glelow, 19 hours from Eureka.
i^tmr Lakme, Chrlstensen, 61 hours from San
Pedro.
*tr»r Maggie, Corning. 3'4 hours from Half
u- • :-. Bay.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. 56 hour* from Port
land, via Aktcrta 42 hours.
Bktn Chehalls. Larsen, 4 days from Wlllapa
Harbor.
Brig J D Spreckela, Koehler, 9H days from
Infi.
*rhr Volunteer, Eressern. 4V4 days from
Coo* Bay.
gchr Carrie «nd Annie. Ekren. 144 day*
frrrn Caroline Islands, via Honolulu 27 days.
Rcnr Melrose, McCarron, 5 davs from Grays
Harbor.
*,hr Ida Echnauer, Moller, 7 days from Port
Luilow.
fichr John F Miller, Huhc, 7 davs from Gray*
Harbor.
tfcfcr Jes*I» Miner. Jorrenson. 7 days from
Grays Harbor.
*chr Marten. Topfer. 4 days from Grays
H*rbor. ¦» - -
Schr Excelsior, Trudgett. 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. June 22.
V.t «.tmr Coptic, Armstrong. Honjtkong and
»ay ports: Oriental and Occidental Steamship
Company.
Stmr ftate of California. Nlcolson, San Dl
egr>: Pacific Coast t-te»m»hip Company.
Ger ruur Lmror, Behrmann, Hambunr. via
Heattl'- and Vancouver; J D Eoreck'«ls &.
Brcs Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, June 22.
s-:!j r Eureka. Jesken. Eureka.
Stmr PrtntiM. Ackerman. Eureka.
Y'.mr Maggie, Corning. Half moon Bay.
stmr Arctic IwVlcon, Kureka.
Ktrcr Navarro. Webber. Westport.
Ptrr.r EJirabeth. Jensen, Bandon.
£in:r Han Matro. Rocs. Tacoma. •
Ftrr.r F A Kilburn. Jahns'n. Port Rodgers.
Br Hmr Costie. Armstrong, Hongkong and
Vukohajtr.a, via Honolulu.
Ktmr Wbltetboro. Frederlckson, .
Stmr Samoa, Madten. Caspar.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Humboldt Bay.
h'ehr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
>• r.t Sat'saltto. Dahloff. Grays Harbor.
. Pchr Melancthon. Stark, Coos Hay.
Krhr Llzrie Prlrn. Han*a, Sluelaw River.
H»-hr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, Bolinas.
F<-hr San Buenaventura, Lembke. Willapa
SPOKEN.
June 12— Lat SS M N. long 13 S3 W. Fr bark
\a Rorhejaquelin. from .-nanwa. for San
Frmndseo.
x I*cr brie J V Srrerkels— May CO, at Sanak,
. *rfcr Cxarlna. »1th «o,000 codfish. ¦
TELECLRAPIUC. . - . . .' ,>
POINT lOBOS. June 22, 10 p rn— Weather
Shipping Intelligence.
A bill has been introduced by Sir
William Lyne in the Australian House
of Representatives to provide bounties
for the encouragement of the Iron and
steel industries In Australia. Should
this bill pass and become law, as It
probably will in a modified form, the
imports of iron and steel from the
United States will be largely affected.
It provides a bounty of $2 48 per ton
on iron and/10 per cent on value of
manufacturers of iron and steel. — N.
Y. Commercial.
Troh Bounties in Australia.
" TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. . I From. I Due.
S. Monica . I San Pedro (June 23
Newbunr 1 Grays Harbor IJune 23
North Fork... { Humboldt June 23
Point Arena.. ! Mendoclno & Pt. Arena] June 23
Santa Rosa...: San Diego & Way Pts.tjune 23
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul. .'June 23
Oemralta i Grays Harbor 'June 23
Mackinaw.... Tacoma 'June 23
M. Dollar Kobe iJune 24
Argo Eel River Ports I June 24
Arcata Coos Bay &. Pt. Orford. IJune 24
Chlco • Portland & Astoria IJune 24
City Panama. New York \ - ia Panama. June 25
Coon Eay San Pedro & Way Pts.June 25
City Puebla.. \ Puget Sound Ports June 25
Eureka Humboldt June 25
Pomona ' Humboldt June 25
San Pedro.. .- Humboldt June 25
Coronado Grays Harbor June 25
Maripos* Tahiti June 26
Breakwater. . | Coos Bay June 26
Sierra Sydney & Way Port*.. June 27
St. Paul Some & St. Michael. . June 27
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. June 27
Chehalls San Pedro June 27
Curacao Mexican Ports June 28
' Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria June 23
Porno Point Arena tc Albion. June 28
Corona . . .' Humboldt June 28
Acapulco Xew York via Panama. June 29
jtanle Seattle it Tacoma June 29
Ronlta Newport & Way Ports. June 20
Korea China & Japan IJune 30
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports June SO
Gaelic China & Japan -July 2
~ TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Palls. I Pier.
June 23. j (
S Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm.PIer 2!
laqua Humboldt 9 am! Pier 21
pomo - Pt. Arena & Albion « pro; Pier 2 ,
State of Cal S»n Diego & Way. 9 amlPler 11
Sequoia Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20 !
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier —
C. ntralla. . . Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Alliance Eureka & . Coos 8. 5 pm Pier 14
¦ June 24. I -
Corona Humboldt l:30p]Pler 9
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 amiPler 11
Ouren Puiret Sound Ports. 11 amlPler 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmiPler^20
South Bay.. Lo« Angeles Ports. 4 pm]Pier 2
* June 25. | | ,
pt Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmlPier 2 1
Alameda.... Honolulu 11 amJPIer 7
Rainier .... Seattle & Bllngham 4 pmlPler 10
j.,. Tt Ua. .Astoria & Portland 4 pm! Pier 27
Han Pedro.. Lob Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2 j
Rrdondo Astoria &. Portland « pm Pier 2
AtZo ... Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
AK Jun« 26. j I
Vorth Fork. Humboldt I 8 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
i"oata Coo« B. * Pt. Orfd. 12 m Pier 13
S Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 amlPler IX
June 27. . I
Pomona.... Humboldt 1 :30 piPler 9
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Han Jose N. Y via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
New burg... Grays Harbor .... ? pm Pier 10
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Jon* 28. ! r J
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. I 9 amlPfer 11
Jane 29. I |
Nevadan... Honolulu* Kahulul 3 pmlPler 25
City Puebla ! Puget Sound Port«. 11 am Pltr 9
June 30.
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
July 1. I
Costa Rica. Astoria &. Portland 11 am Pier 2i
July 2. |
Mtrirou... Tahiti direct . .. .. '11 amjPler 7
City Panam N. T. via. Panama. 12 rolPler 40
Jeanie. . Seattle & Tacoma. | 6 pmjPier 20
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Sail*. . Sails.
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. June 24
Panta Clara.. Valdez &. Seward June 24
Oregon.. • Nome & St. Michael.. June 23
Victoria Nome & Way Ports... June 25
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Port*. June 25
Cottage City.. Skar»-ay & Way PorU. June 27
Farallon J Skagway & Way PorU. June 28
John Brown, alias George Gibbons,
alias Joe Fannon, an ex-convict, went
into the room of L. Smith at 640
Howard street shortly after 5 o'clock
yesterday morning and stole a dollar
and a revolver from the pockets of
Smith's trousers. Smith was awaken
ed by Brown's moving his hand under
the pillow in search of more coin.
Brown said, "Is that you, George?"
Brown replied, "No, it ain't George.
Who in thunder are you?" Brown
ran out of the room and Smith tried
to catch him, but failed.
About an hour later Policemen Till
man and Hinrichs, who had been noti
fied by Smith, learned that a man an
swering Brown's description had been
seen entering the lodging-house at 205
Third street. They went there and
met Brown rnnning downstairs. They
grabbed hold of him. C. F. Mann
then appeared at the top of the stairs
and said that he had caught Brown
going through his trousers pockets.
Brown had a skeleton key In his pock
et. Two charges of burglary and a
charge of having burglar's tools in his
possession were booked against him
at the City Prison.
John Brown, Alias Gibbons, Alias
Fannon, Makes Morning Calls by
Means of Skeleton Key.
KX-COXVICT ARRESTED OX
TWO BURGLARY CHARGES
Movements of Steamers.
Until about ten years ago the subma
rine cable companies used practically
the whole world's supply of gutta percha
for the reason that, unlike rubber, it Is
not affected by salt water. But when
the game of golf became the fad in
Europe, England and the United States,
it was found that gutta percha is the
only satisfactory material out of which
to make the balls, and the demand for
it Increased to so great an extent that
the production nearly doubled.
The ships from Singapore, Straits
Settlements, now bring enormous car
goes of it, and although twice as much
is imported by England as was Im
ported ten years ago, the price has ad
vanced about 100 per cent. This, the
cable companies say, Is due solely to
the manufacture of golf balls. — New
York Commercial.
Golf Makes Gutta Percha High.
Matters of Intend to Mariners and
Miip|-i:iS Men-hunt-.
The fteamer Coptic eailed yesterday fcr
H'KiSTkor-i; via Honolulu and Yokohama with a
general merchandise carffo. valued at $295,526.
« xclUElve of treasure, to be distributed as fol
io* t: Fcr Japan. $133,241: China. $157.07*;
Philippine Ulanis. lltCS; East ladies. J2376;
Korea. $1009. The lea<Jin«; exports were as fol-
Iowe:
To JapaTi — 533 rolls 4 cs leather, 700 cs alco
hoj. IM.ouO lbs tan bark. 4O1.HJ* lbs pig lead.
1"J5 pkipn machinery. 1<2«1 bd'.s bar steel, 2*77
pes ar.r> «eei. 65<> pee steel flats, 171 pes «S8
fleel pUte 12^ ; k» - structural material, 28 car
track*. l>'" kxr scap, 11 cs boots and shoes, 18
I<kgs agricultural i&iplemer.ts, 61 pkgs nail;, 97
cs jj»ir.t». IjO roll* roofing paper. 51 pkgs elec
trical fuppliea, 7 pkgs drugs. 23 pkps rubber
jroody. 11 pkgs plumbing materials. 125 cs tin
loll, 73 ; c- bicycles and sundries, 1615 lbs
*mok»-d nut. t&* s^ls wine, S7O lbs cheese.
JtZjO lbs butter. 42 pkgs table preparations. 10
is chocolate. ...'.¦¦ lbs glucose. 857 lb« haai and
bacon. 55o lbs raUin*. 42 pkgs- groceries and
provisions, 4I^s lbs sugar, 110 cs assorted
i*r.nH good*.
To Cn:na— 12.905 bbls flour. 23,110 lbs cheese,
11.501 lbs hsrn and bacoii. 2138 cs assorted
canned poods. 202 cs canned calmon, 200 bbls
ht<f. 4-io 1b* codfish. 205 pkrs table prepara
tions, 21 cs bread. 3414 lbs 25 cs meaJs. l.'.Jt;
Kalt wine. 24 cs liquors. 50.5.T0 lbs dried fi«h.
135 pKgs fresh fruit. 526 lbs nuU, 615ft lbs
pearl barley. 7C37 lbs sugar. 20 cs syrup, SO cs
preserved cherries. 31 cs spirits. 7 cs brandy,
20 c* eg^s. 12.0C3 lbs beans. 96*50 lbs rice, 138
l>kgt groceries and provisions. 23 cs paste. 7
ctls oats. 193.150 lbs pig lead, 5590 lbs lead
I :;*¦, 5 ts boots and shoes, 100 rolls leather. 10
p kg« s*wlr.g machines. 25 pkgs drugs, 20 pkgs
• lectriral supplies. t»Zi2 lbs eheet lead. 13 pkgs
hos*. io bales twine. 2o cs cartridges. €£7 ca
cigarettes. €2 pkgs machinery.
' To Philippine Islands — 152 gals wine, &0 cs
whisky. 30 cs liquors. 28 cs preserved cherries,
S3 cs table preparations, 16 cs boots and shoes,
4 •-»- dry gocd«, 11 crts etoves.
To East Indies — 257 ca canned salmcn, 153
cs canned fruit. *5 cs dried fruit, 703 lbs rals
i?!». 432 lbs cut«, 15 cs syrup, 29 cs liquors, 61
cs whisky.
To Korea — 12 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1
! kp machinery. 1 cj electrical supplies, 4 c*
hardware.
NEWS OF THE OCEL\X.
The Overdue List.
Th» rate cf reinsurance en the Ncrwejrian
b*:k rarkjiook was advanced yesterday to 15
l>cr crnt. The other overdues are quoted as
follows: Juteopolis, Queen Elizabeth. La
Hochefoucald. Largo Law, Willy Rjckmers. 7
I*r cent; Wynford, 15 per cent; Laura, 80 per
cent.
This second charge was sworn out
before Justice T. B. Pratt of Crock
ett. The reason for taking the case so
far from the scene of the crime and
"over the beads of much nearer Jus
tices of the Peace" is alleged to be
through a fear that the very large
number of sympathizers with Cordoz.-v
in the Clayton and Concord districts
might influence the judgments of the
representatives of the law.
The second preliminary hearing of
Cordoza will be held in Martinez at
10 a. m. next Monday before Justice of
the Peace T. B. Pratt.
The story of -the killing of Powell is
too well known to need repeating.
Cordoza was given a preliminary hear
ing before Justice of the. Peace D. S.
Carpenter of this place and was by
that official discharged, which action
on the part of the Justice was quite
generally" and severely commented
upon. »
MARTINEZ. June 22.— Manuel P.
Cordoza of the Clayton district was re
arrested again last evening on the
charge of murdering Dr. Ryder Powell
on the afternoon of June 4. The com
plaining witness is Mrs. Adelia Shel
don, a daughter of the deceased, whose
home Is in Oakland.
;<?und on the beach at Sand Point. Twelve
men »r«- now workinc beach claims and taking
• ut pood wnges.
in her hoM. The schooner Cxarina was sighted
M»y 20 *t Farak and had then caught OO.fM)
vodflsh. The £preckela brinirs news of the
drowmnr «t Kelly Rork Station of John Mai
wn. a fishr-rman. His boat wa* capsized dur
ing a squall. The crew of the J. l>. Spreckels
tn\r that cc!d In payir.*: quantities has been
The briir J. D. Spreckels arrived yesterday
fJU days frcm-Unga with 174,000 codfish packed
Ciolj on Beach at Sand Point
Slayer of Dr. Powell Is Re
arrested at Crockett
for Murder.
CONTRA COSTA MAN TWICE AR
RESTED FOR THE MURDER OP
DR. POWELL.
Ah Sing, minus an eye and an arm
and with one leg much shorter than Its
fellow, was convicted of having lottery
tickets in his possession, and Inter
preter Gong pleaded for leniency on the
ground that the defendant's crippled
condition prevented him performing
manual labor for a livelihood. Then
quoth Judge Mogan:
"If this defendant were perfect phys
ically I would fine him $10, but on ac
count of his having been deprived of
so much of his original anatomy I will
John Kolen, first, second and third
mate and boatswain and cook of the
coasting scow Merry Mary, was sing
ing "Let All Obey" at 1:30 o'clock yes
terday morning on Pine street, near
Dupont, and so loud was his voice that
two policemen three blocks away heard
it. Hastening to where the vocalist
stood they commanded him to cease,
but he refused to obey by continuing to
growl "Let All Obey." They ran him in,
and all the way to the Hall of Justice
he continued his song. When he in
formed Judge Mogan that the Merry
Mary lay In the offing and could not
proceed to sea without him an order of
dismissal was, entered.
Case continued and Seaman Kenne
dy's superior officer communicated
with.
James Kennedy, one of Uncle Sam's
gallant Jackles, appeared with several
Inches of facial cuticle missing, and
when Judge Fritz asked him what kind
of a skin game he had been against he
pleaded failure to remember.
Two colored ladies. Miss Nealie Quinn
and Miss Arlina Duffln, accused the tar
of invadinc their dwelling in Pinckney
alley and "cuttin" up kinder rough." In
response to a judicial inquiry as to
what "cutting up rough" meant. Miss
Nealie coyly explained that In the case
of Mariner Kennedy it meant that he
had struck her head wtlh a heavy
water "pitcher, smashing the vessel to
fragments and damaging her cranium
but slightly. Miss Duffln averred that
while she had not been assaulted her
feelings were very much hurt by the
way in which the defendant assailed
her character. No, his face was not
scratched when he "busted inter" the
house, and she was perfectly sure that
neither she nor Miss Nealie had
scratched it.^ How was it done, then?
How did she know? "Might a done It
hisself."
"Ah ban dronk," said Peter, "but
ahm no tief. Ah ban good sailor. Work
hard. On sheep id vos nodding but
from de hatch to de poop, from de poop
to de pomp, from de pomp to de lookout.
Work twanta-four hour. All da time.
Ah ban dronk. No get paid off an' ah
queet sheep. Ah ban dronk. No rob
man. Ah ban good sailor."
As evidence of his industry Peter ex
hibited a pair of gnarled and tarry
hands. And as he left the courtroom
he murmured, "Ah ban dronk."
Peter Oleson, a deep water sailor, was
accused of robbery by James Flaherty,
another son of Neptune, but the com
plainant's story was so weak and the
defendant's plea so strong that Judge
Fritz dismissed the case.
A jury in Judge Fritz's court began
the hearing of testimony for the pros
ecution of E. E. Sproat, charged with
defrauding the creditors of Sproat's
market, of which he was the principal
owner. There are twenty-seven com
plaints and the total amount alleged
to have been embezzled is $18,000.
Judge Mogan dismissed the charge o(
manslaughter against Charles F. Large,
a drug clerk, who on June 5 caused the
death of John Joseph McCann by giv
ing him carbolic acid to drink in mis
take for water. The defendant ex
plained that while he was off duty an
assistant had taken the bottle of car
bolic acid from a shelf, cleaned it, la
beled it anew and left it where the bot
tle of distilled water usually was kept.
That was how he happened to dilute
with acid instead of water the powder
which McCann called for and wanted
in a hurry.
Former Police Sergeant Reuben A.
Wolf was acquitted of the charge of
battery after he had informed a jury
in Judge Fritz's court that it was in
self-defense he assaulted Edmund E.
Coblentz, a newspaper reporter, who
had been detailed to-ascertain his con
nection with the management of a
mercantile agency that had collapsed
and left many victims mourning the
disappearance of their money.
Then the group commixed. Half a
dozen voices , were simultaneously
shouting in angry tone and when the
bailiff's gavel proved ineffective to
quell the hubbub physical force was
resorted to. As the expert cowboy
cuts out steers from a herd, so did
the two officers disentangle and silence
the bunch of belligerents.
When the elderly, lady was given
the stand she said her name was Mrs.
Clara Schivo and her place of resi
dence at Lombard and Dupont streets.
Shaking her fist at Commencia, she
shouted: "He hasn't paid a cent for
little Harry's support since last Febru
ary and the last time the child went
to see him he shook a handful of gold
in its little face and said he would
throK it in the bay before he'd give
a cent of it to my daughter."
The Judge gave the defendant, who
is a cement worker and earn3 good
wages, one week in which to pay all
that he owes for his child's mainte
nance, else he will be sent to jail.
Two brawny bailiffs had as many
minutes of strenuous effort before
they restored to Police Judge Mogan'.
courtroom the decorum that had been
routed by the "parties in the case of
L>ouis Commencia, charged with fail
ure to provide for the maintenance of
his five-year-old son, Harry. Among
those who participated in the mixup
were the defendant, his former wife,
her mother, the child in the case and
two attorneys. Only the prompt in
terference of the bailiffs prevented' a
battle royaL
Commencia's wife obtained a di
vorce last February and the court
awarded her the custody of the boy
and ordered the father to pay her $S
a month for its support. After pay
ing one installment he declined to pay
any more and defied her to collect.
She has been unable to keep the child
properly fed and dressed. Hence he'
complaint.
"My client has a reason for refus
ing to pay this woman any more
money," said the defendant's attor
ney. "He has told me that she is in
love with a man of th,e name of Gal
leo, and "
"You're a liar," piped a thin voice
from the back benches, and a little old
lady was seen hastening to the front.
Her demeanor was truculent and the
attorney quailed as she approached
him. "You're a liar," she repeated,
when she arrived within striking dis
tance. "I'm her mother and I dare
you to say it again I"
"But I didn't say it; I only said he
(pointing at the defendant) told me
so!" shouted the lawyer, backing
away.
hary: wind S\V; vek-city 14 miks per hour.
IX3MESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 22 — Stmr Oregon,
from Nome; stmr Dolphin, from SkaKway.
Arrived June 22— -3:30 p m. stmr Cottage
city, from Skaxway; stmr Umatilla. hence
June la.
Sailed Jun* 22— Stmr City of Puebla, for
San Krancttco.
NOME — Arrived June 0 — Stmr Corwln, from
Seattle, June 10— ?tinr XCIDe City, from Se
attle. June 11— Stmr Oregon, from Seattle.
June 13 — Kimr Tacoma. from battle; stmr
Senator, from Seattl#; *trar Victoria, from Se
attle. •
Sailed June 1.1— Stmr Oregjon. for Seattle.
To «ail June 15— Stmr Senator, for Seattle.
In iK>n Juno 1.1 — Schr I>uxbury, from Seat
tle: stmr Portland not arrived.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 22— Stmr Chlco. for
San Fir.nclyeo.
Arrived June 22 — Schr William Renton.
hence June S. .
COOS BAY— Arrived June 22— Stmr Slrnal.
hen^-e Jv;r.<; 17.
EUREKA— Sail'.d June 21— Stmr San Ga
briel, for Sy.n Pedro; bktn Amelia, for San
Franc:«ca; Fthr Berwick, for San Francisco;
s> hr <Mea, for San Pedro; stmr Arrow, for
San Franoi^ro: stmr Paeadena, for San Pedro.
Arrived June 21 — Stmr San Pedro, hence
June I'l. June 22 — Stmr Pomona, hence
June 21.
TATOOSH— Passed June 22— Stmr Umatilla.
hence June U>,
Passed out June 22 — Schr Ruth E Godfrey.
from Ballard. for San Pedro.
PafS"d out June 22 — Schr Carrier Dove, from
Taeoma. for San Pt-dro;
Pfs.u0 In June 22 — Bris; Geneva, hence June
7 for Port B'.akeley; schr Forester, from Kobe,
for Everett.
. FOIiT BRAGG— Arrived June 22— Stmr
Brunswick, hence Jure 21; stmr National City,
h-Tice June 21.
Bailed June 22 — Stmr Brunewlck. for Eureka.
ST MICHAEXr— To sail June 23— Stmr Roa
noke. for Seattle.
Arrived June 21— Stmr .Ro«ecrans, hence
May 27.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived June 22— Stmr
Coos Bay, hence June 20; itmr Chehalls. hence
June 20.
H»RT HARFORD- Sailed June 21, mld
n:*rht — Stmr Coos Bay, for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed June 21— Schr
Watson A West, for South Africa.
Arrived June 22 — Stmr Olympic, hence
Jun^- IS.
EVERETT— Sailed June 22— Schr Alice Mc-
I>cnaM. for San Francisco. "
POINT REYES— Pas."«ed June 22— Stmr
WVMport. from Weetport. for San Pedro.
SAN PEHRO — Arrived June 22 — Stmr Rival,
from Bowens Landing;.
Sailed June 22 — Stmr Shasta, for San Fran
cisco: Ftrr.r Meteor, for Port Townsend.
WESTPORT— failed June 22— Stmr Gualala,
for San Francisco.
MEN DOCINO— Sailed June 22— Ftmr Green
wood, for San Francisco: stmr Point Arena,
for San Francisco.
Arrived June 22 — Sunr Brooklyn, hence
June -X.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 22— Stmr Ven
tura, hence June 16 for Sydney; schr Solano,
from Newcastle. Aus. ,
Sailed June 22— Ship Edward Sewell, for
New York.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Arrived June 21— Br ship
Blaclcbraex, from London. June 22— Stmr Tu
catan. from Colon.
Sailed June 21— Stmr Alllanca, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DUNKIRK— Sailed June 19— Kr bark Jane
Guillen, for Philadelphia.
COLOMBO— Sailed June 20— Span Btmr Isla
de Panay. for Liverpool.
MONTEVIDEO^ — Sailed June 4— Ger stmr
Memphis, for Hamburg.
HONGKONG — Sailed June B — Br itmr Ara
g-onla. for Oregon.
MALTA— Sailed June 21— Br itmr Eagaml,
for Manila.
LAUNCESTON — Arrived June 22— Schr
Hcnoipu, from Port Town**nd. •
NAGASAKI — Sailed June 22 — TJ S stmr
Thcma*, for San Francisco, via Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived June 22— Stmr An
tllta, from Nassau; stmr Bovic. from Liver
pool; ttmr Nord Amerika, from Genoa. Naples
and Gibraltar; stmr Koeclc; Albert, from
Genoa; stmr Oceanic, from Liverpool.
Sailed June 22— Stmr Helikolav. for Chrls
t:ar..a and CY.fx-nharen; stmr Majestic, - for
Liverpool.
BROWHEAD— Passed June 22— Stmr Cedric,
from New York, for Llveroool.
PRAWLE POINT — Passed June 22— Stmr
Ontario, from Montreal, for London.
GIBRALTAR— Paased June 22— Stmr Ulto
nla. from Trieste. Flume and Palermo, for
New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed June 22— Stmr Rhyn
lar.d. fnr Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 22 — Stmr Iver
nia. from Liverpool, for Boston.
NAPLES — Sailed June 2O— Stmr Cltta dl
Napcli. for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June 22— Stmr Da
mara. for St Johns, N F. and Halifax.
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived June 22— Stmr Cot
taire City, from Skaxway; stmr Umatilla,
hence June la.
Sailed June 22 — Stmr Spokane, for Seattle.
Trie missionary schooner Carrie ar.d Ann!*
returned here yesterday in 144 days
from the Carolines and 2" day* from Honolulu.
Tlie schooner put Into Honolulu April 8 on ac
count of having sjjruns; her foremast-head anl
her rudder-head. She «-u repaired at Hono
lulu ar.d remained there until Mijr 26. The
farrie and Arnle left here November 25 for
J'onopa.
Missionary Schooner Returns
ifonsWcn*;— J. V. AUe«. a. «f. Beverley. B.
F. Bowers, C. B. Butcher. Everett A. Colson.
Mrs. John T. Collier and child, Austin Crat*.
M-s. M de Vere. J. L. Dryden, II. YV. Purbo
raw. Alnr.ro G. Embrey. O. N Fauslcr. C H.
FBlawajr. L. R, Godward. J. Godvard Jr..
William M. Gokay. Paul Higen. C. K. Harris.
Mrs. C. E. Harris. H. V. Helms. Samuel
Ilintoin, Walter J. Ise. S. Karski. Frank
Langley. E. M. L«dyard Mis« R. E. Lilie.
M. E. Llnisey. lire. M. E. Lindjey. Elmer
i!»i«ti, Fred Mam. Mrs. Fred Main. K. M.
McCron*. A. McFerrin. S. G. Moore. Mrs S.
B. Moore. TV. I). O'Brien. Mrs. W. D. OBri^n.
J. M. Poxvarjfkt, Abraham Rudy. H. C. beal,
Kmery M. Pcatea. C. S th;ve!y. Mrs. C. S.
HhHe!y. R. B. Tufts. Harry B Waterman. I.
Newton Williams. Arthur E. YoJer.
F*or Y k - harr.a — Jules Br«>tt. Mrs. Jules Brett.
<~. W. Careen. Captain A. Dixon. II. C Framr.
r \V. Gavin. Dr. Joseph Ilatntnar, L«ercy
Leonard. X. Matsudaira. T. Salcural R«v. F.
S. £cudd«T, Mrs. F. ' S. Scud-ler and two chil
dren.
Kobe— F. Gesaen. George B. McCoy. A. W.
Taylcr, John Trudell.
E. Ho'.den Emith.
The Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's liner Coptic, Captain
Armstrong, sailed yesterday for the
Orient with a large number of pas
eengers and <000 tons of cargo. She
also carried treasure valued at 5800,
tH'O, mostly in silver.
The Coptic's passengers included
about two score United States Govern
ment employes returning to the Fhilip-
I'ip.es fruin their vacations. Jules Brett.
Mexican Consul at Tokio. and Mr?.
Brett were passengers on the liner.
There were also fifty-three Chinese
passengers.
The Coptic's cargo includes 400 tons
of load, 1200 tons of flour and 500 tons
of railroad iron for Japanese ports..
The passengers included the follow
ing named:
LizzIe'Flammers and Guinardo Tran
sachi were the contracting parties in
the third June wedding effected by the
Mogan Matrimonial Bureau. They
were defendants on a charge of dis
turbing the peace, the man having
blackened one of the woman's eyes
with his fist after she had laughed to
scorn hi3 suggestion that she apply less
powder to her face ere she sallied
abroad. The charge was dismissed bv
the same magisterial authority that
made them one.
In deference to Quinardo's desire,
Lizzie's only ' display of facial powder
as she approached the altar was con
fined to one thick patch ov r her facial
discoloration. The ceremony was
marked by the simplicity that accom
panies all uniting of hearts and hand.*
by the Judge of Department No. L
There were no bridesmaids, no oscilla
tory congratulations, -no flowers;
neither was there any throwing of rice
or old shoes.
Senor and Senora Transachl will con
tinue to occupy the apartments 210^j
"Washington street, which have been
Jointly theirs for a year. They will be
at home to friends as soon as the
bride's right eye ceases to be reminis
cent of ante-nuptial unpleasantness.
Another military scandal was devel
oped by the arrest of Henry Bpnn for
disturbing the peace of his home at
Beach and Lyon streets on complaint
of his wife and daughter. The ladies
did not appear to prosecute, but sent
word to Judge Mogan that they would
be pleased to have him send the de
fendant to jail for thirty days. His
Honor ungallantly scorned the sugges
tion and afterward expressed pleasure
that he' had done so, for the defendant
informed him that the cause of his ar
rest was his objection to his daughter,
a married woman, receiving a soldier
wooer at her home while her husband
was absent. Mr. Bonn was discharged
and advised to continue protecting the
honor of his son-in-law from military
invasion.
Fred Moller is held on three charges
of burglary, and his total bail is $9000.
He qame from the East and operated
successfully as long as he confined his
pilferings to small articles, such as
jewelry, but when he attempted to get
away with a large copper boiler be
longing to a Hayes-street housewife he
was caught.
J. Povelson, a Market-street Jeweler,
was before Judge Conlan on the charge
of practicing optometry without hav
ing first obtained the certificate of reg
istration required by the statute. A
continuance was asked for and
granted.
Three times on Saturday evening and
twice on Monday evening was Paul
Martinelli ejected from the Empire
Concert Hall, on Montgomery avenue,
for his rude and boisterous behavior,
and when he returned for the third
time on the latter evening he was ar
rested by Special Officer Agnew. In
the court of Judge Mogan the defend
ant sat and grinned defiantly while
the policeman recounted in detail hi3
offenses, one of which consisted of
throwing peanuts at the lady vocalists
on the stage. It mattered not, the wit
ness said, whether the song was sen
timental or comic, the singer was pelt
ed with peanuts by the defendant.
Several of the lady artists were in
court and ready to corroborate what
the officer said, but without hearing
their testimony Judge Mogan pro
nounced Mr. Martinelli guilty of dis
turbing the peace and ordered him to
appear to-day for sentence.
reduce the fine proportionately and
make it $5."
"Ain't you sorry you haven't lost
another leg and arm?" inquired Clerk
Grey as he collected the fine. Ah Sing
winked his solitary eye and answered
"No sabbee."
Case of Failure to Provide for a Minor Child
Develops a Hubbub That Almost Merges
Into a Battle Royal With Clenched Fists
Liner Carries Large Number of Passengers,
Including About Two Score Government
Employes — Has 4000 Tons of Cargo
TWO BAILIFFS HAVE STRENUOUS
TIME KEEPING ORDER IN COURT
COPTIC SAILS FOR THE ORIENT
WITH $800,000 IN TREASURE
CORDOZA AGAIN
IN CLUTCHES
OF THE LAW
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 1904:-
11
SAIXWAY TEAVEL.
Fast Trains^
II Chicago and East II
Southern Pacific, Union Padf5s and Chicago *North-W«Jtsrn Rys. ml
S Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment Jyl
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; tf£f
all meals in dining cars. M M
VS^ For sleeping car reservations, tirkrt^ and informatioa Jrp tj
Oi^w^ apply to a;T.ts Southern Pacinc Co., or to j^9^\^rif
'^JSlK R. R. RITCHIE. Generil A*int. /w/£r
CHICAGO ft NORTH-WESTERN RY.^&rj£r
An Opportunity to Join
a Special Excursion
to the Atlantic
Seaboard,
July r, 1 904
A Special Train going via Chicago
and Niagara Falls through to Atlan-
tic City. New Jersey, stopping at
Truckee. Including side trip to I,nk»
Tah&e and return, also stop at Niag-
ara Falls. America's Greatest Scenic
Attraction. Tickets returning good
via St. Louis World's Fair, rood for
ninety days. Entire train, consisting
of Sleeping Cars, Dtning Car and
Composite Smoking Car. through to
destination. This Excursion is organ-
ized by a party who intend making
the trip an enjoyable one. taking with
them products of California. This
will be the greatest I^astern Excur-
sion of the year.
For rates and further Information,
apply to
CARLTON C. CRANE.
Pacinc Coast Agent
New York Central Lines,
637 Market Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
HC A LI F O R N I A |:
1 LIMITED TO CHICACO 1
B LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS P
H at 0:30 a. m., through la 3 day*. I
3 with diner and all trapping*. fl
Other Santa To Train*:
7:30 a. m. 1 for Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld.
8:00 p] m] Merced « Hanford and VlsaUa.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 Soutn First St.,
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
/ LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EA3XWAT COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, ' Foot of Market Street.
SAN FSAKCISCO TO SAK RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 8:00. 9:0O, ll:0O a. m.;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
P. rn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:0O 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: l.:30.
2:30, 3:40 5:10, 6:30. ll!30 p. m.
SAW EATAEIt TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— ti:05. 6:50, 7:S5, 7:50. «:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00, 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43
p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:50. 7:35, »:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5: CO. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ran Fran. | May 1. 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Ban- I Destlna- I Sun- J Week
Days. I days. ( Uon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a T:45 a 7:45 a,
7:30 a 8:00 a 3:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ixnaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
) 7:25 p
3:45 p
7:30a 7:30a 7:45a 7:45a
S:00a 8:00 a Xovato. 10:20a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma, 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 s
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30a Healdsburr. 10:20a 10:20 a
Lytton, |
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle, 7:25 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10"20 a
2:30p|2:30pl and UXlah. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
"7 i i winits. j j
7:30a|7:30a( Sherwrood. )7:25p| 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 aj Guernevllle and 110:20 a|10-20 a
2:30p[ 2:30 p Camp Vacation, t 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8:00a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40a
5:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6-20 p
[ 5:10 p Glen Ellen. [8:45 pf
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| SebastopoL | 7:25 p) 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whit*
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagjrs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boona-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Caru-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport acd Bartiett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside, Lterley's. Buoknells"
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Orr'a Hot
Springs Halfway House. Ccmptche, Camo
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brarz
Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg
Westport, Sherwood, Cahto, Covelo Layton-
vllle. Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harria, Olsens.
Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. 1 Scotia and Eu-
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
bulldlns.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAX.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave TU taiuliU Ferry Arrive ~
Ban Francisco Net «f Markrt ». Ban Fran Cisco _
Week 6»n- °Tet, San- Week"
Days, day*. /W^fBK daya. Day*.
.". 8:30a e5«^ftra 12:45 r* 3:45^1
10:00a \^aW9^£7 2:05 r *1i : 03 a
10:00a 11:00a 3:35 r 3:35 p
1:45 r 12.20 r V§Tt§5J' 6:40 r 6:15 t
6:1Br 1:45 r Xggfjr 6:15 p 10-.C5 ?
........' 4:3ft r x 8:50 p
• T!a Cnrlty Car, * Taaalsafa ta Mill T*l'«y.
Tickxt J628 Mabkkt St. (North lihore RailrcaJJ
Omcis land Sausalito Fr&xY, Toot Market St.
•^J*S. Trmlas 1«*y« sad »r* •)«•
to sjirtv* at
(*Hs!!zA*\ BAy ? RANCISCO *
\<*V~2=r— /O/ Pxox Jmr* 19. 1904.
\^«^«S*<V/ Fisbt Dxror
\£_}^^ (Toot of Msrlcet Street )
t.at, - MAIN LINE. - »»»iTi
700a VaesTllie. wtnt«rs. Uuiiury.. 7 50>
700* Penlcla. Elmira and 8«ers:nento.. 7.20P
730a Vallejo. N»; a, Callstog*. Santa
Kosa. Martinez. Saa liimoa 8 20>
7,30a Nlles.Trscy. Lsthrop. Sioefcroo 7.2OP
8.00a Sauia Express— (Via Darts >.
Win'ams (for Uartlett Springs).
Willows. tFruto. Ked BlaX
Porttsnd, Tacoma. Seattle 7.50>
8 00a DstIs. Woodland. Knlzhu Landing,
MarysTllle, Chlco. Orotllle 7.50»
830a Port Costs, Martinez. AntlocX
Byroa. Trscy. Stockton. New-
man. Los Banos. Mend or a,
Armona, Hanford. V 1 s a 1 1 a.
Portenrllle 4.23<»
J 8-30A Port Costa. Modesto. Merced.
Fresno, w <s--i Jancilon, ilaa-
ford. Vttslia. nalcersiielJ 4 53«»
t 30a Slles, 8an Jose, Ll»erniore. .->'..., ¦•¦£-
ton. (tMIiton). lone. Sacmm'nto,
Marytrllte. Chico. ICrd BlaS 4 2t3«»
8-3CA Oakilal*. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nont. Tnolnmne and Ansel* 4-2O
9 00a Atlantic Express— ©«Jen inii M«t. 520p
9 32a Kli-r-.pv.n-.'. Martinez and TC17
Sutioas 8 50p
10 OCA The OTerlnnd Limited — Ogden.
,_„„ Nearer. Omaba. Chicago. 820p
JO.OOa Vtllejo. 12-M" 1
10.00a Los Angeles Fuicii^r — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stoeicton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresuo. Goahrn Junc-
tion. Ilnnford, Lemoore. Vlsall.t,
BnkrrsAelJ. Los Angelrii 7.2OP
12-COm rUf w»r.l. N!!esand War Stations. 3-20P
ti OOP Sneramento Mirer Steamers til 03p
3 SOP Benlcla, Winters. Baeraineoto.
Woodland, widow*. Knlebrs
Lan I'.oz. UarjsTtllt. Ororllle
_ _. and .way station* 10 50a
J |0p Harwarrt.XUes and Way Buttons.. 7 50P
J-30P i'i:rt Cost*. Martinez. Bjron.
Trac7. Latbrop. M o d e s t o.
Merced. Brrenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Fort Cost* 12-2G»
3-30P To»em!le Valley. rU Berenda aad
Wswona 8.50a
3-SCp Martinet. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1020*
4 COP Martlnez.S«:i lUmou.ValleJo.Kapa.
Ca:!»to«a, 9»nr» n»»a. 9 20*
?¦OOP Jtnes. Trarv, Stockton. Lodl 420p
4 SOP Hay ward. Kllcs. irrlngtoa. Saat t8.S0a
_ ! Ji Ju«e. Llrerx.ore ) tl 1.50a
i^OPThe Owl Limited— Mew m^n. Los
Banoa. M.-n ¦».,(.%.. Freseo. Talars.
BakSTtOeld. Los Angeles. 1.50a
'5 Z0p frayward. Xfles and Saa Josfl ..... 7.20a
8.C3P Ilayward. Sl'nwd Ssn Jos* 9 50a
« 00c Kmiitii Kxprrss — Opden. Dearer.
Omaha. St. Loata. CL1-»*o and
East, rla Uartluez. Sttx-kton.
Sacramento, Colfax. Reno 12.10**
8. 0Op Vallejo. daily, except Saaday t T -„_
7-CCp Vallejo, Bunday only f ' 8BP
7 -0C p Klebraond. San Pablo. Port Costa,
Martlo«s and Way Stations 11.20a
7-CQPSeao Paisenger— Port Cosu. Snl-
¦ua. Elmira. D»\ !». SaaTsroento,
Tricsee. Lake Ta&oe. Rrao.
Tooopak. Sparks 750a
I-Q5P Oregon * California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marytrtlle. Redding.
Portland. Poget Sonad an<\Kast. 8 50a
I.IOp Hayward, Klles and San Joss (Sna-
dayonly) 11-50a
COAST LINE Marrow Masse).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7.45a Santa C'ras Exenr»lon«5nnday only) 8 10<»
•-1&A Hewark. Oentcrrllle. San Jose,
Felton.BooI'lerCreek. B!eBa«tn.
Saata Crus and Way Stailoas... BBSp
f9-15A Alrsrsdo. Newark. Saa Jose. Los
Sstos.Glenwood. Frlton. Boulder
Creek. Big Basin. Santa Cruz 8.13»
Iz.iist Newark. Cenurtllle. Saa Jo»a.
Kaw Almaden. Los G «co«.Fe: ton.
Bonldtr lr«ei, Santa Croz aa4
Principal Way Sutioas 13 55a
4.1 E*> Nawark, 9aa Jose. Lo« Gatos t8-8SA
- 4.1&P Wright. BoaMer Creek and Santa
Cruz, gatardar and Sunday only. AS 53 A
COAST LINE (Krtiil hlatoi.
Uf~ (Third aaU T own»eu<i Streets.)
6 10a San Jot* and Vay Stations 8 30*
17 00a San Joa* and Way Stations 5 43p
7. 15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 1030*
8C>0a Kew Almaden (Tnes.. Frld.. only). 4.1Q»
8 CSa The Coaster— Saa Jose. Silinas.
Saa Ardo, Paso Robiea. Santa
Margarita, Saa Lais Oblspa. Saata
Barbara. Saa Bnaaarcatirra,
Uonulro, OxnariL. Bnroank, Los
Angeles 1045»
8.00a Gllroy. Holllster. Castrortll*. Del
M.>ate. Pacific Grort. Sarf. Lom-
poc 10-45*
9.8OA 8»n Jose. Tres Finos. Capttola,
EaaiaCrax.PaclB'cGrore.Saltnas,
Pan Luis Ot>i*po aad Principal
Way Station* , 4.10P
10.30a Saa Jose and Way SUUons 1.23**
11 -10a Santa. Clara. San Jose. Los Gato*
and WaySlaifoa* ; 7.33t»
1.30s>Eaa Jose xud Way Suttons 8 38a
tS 00p Del Monte Kxpre«s— 8*ata Clara.
San Jov. Del Moata. Uoaitttj.
Pacific Orore 12-15»
f<30*>Barltaff»me. Saa Jose. Gllroj, Hol-
llster, Tre* Plnos, Fijaro. Capl-
tola, Saata Crus, Castrortlle.
Salinas, Paelflc OroTe 10.45a
4 J0*> Kan Jo«s an<t Way Stations tt 00a
tS OOP Saat* Clara. 8aa Jam. Lo. tiatos.
Wrlgat acd prlacipal Way 6u-
tlon* (except Snnday) fSOOA
iVSvp EaaJoseaadrrlaelpalWay3utioas 13 43*
» 46" Baaset Express.— Kedwood. 8m
Jose.OUror'.Sallaas.Paso Kobies,
£aa Lu!» Ublipo, Saata Barbara.
Loa Angeles. IHmlag. El Paoa.
New Or. tuns. New Tori 7 Tlr
B.48#PaJaro. Capttola. Sao ta Craz.Caa- ltM
trorllle.DelMonte.PactaeOror*. S» j.
tS-1O EanMateo.Beresford.Belmoat.Saa > «*^3»
Carloa. U«dw»o4. Fair O»'<«,
MsaloPark. PaloAlta Km.
C 30p Saa Jose and Way Sutlons. i'la
8-COp Pslo Alto sad Way Sutioas \%t2A
II 40p Sooth S«a Francisco. Mlllbra«.Ba*>.
Uagame. Saa Mateo, Bslsioav
bin Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oala,
Memo park, aad Palo Alto. J «S»
l11.39pVayoeld. Uosntaia View. Coasy-
Tale, Lawrence. Saata Clan aad
Saa Jose.. t3-45»
AforMoralag. P for Aftaraoam. ¦
laaada? excepted. : Saaday only
« Saturday only. • Monday •air.
I Stop* at all iUUons oa Sq_a,uj.
tf&fWggJI) TOSANRAFAEU
PlSmlOl R0SS VALLEY '
|i|||||||l HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO/ Etc
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
«:30. 7:10. 7:43. 8:30 8:13. 10:CO. ll:Ct> ». m.
Ul:40 a. m. Sauaallto only). 12:->X 1:45. 3:1j.
4:0u. 4:33. 8:15. 5:30. 6:23. 7:15. 8:0O. 10:20.
11:35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
> at 7:10. 7:43. 8:30. 9:13. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a. m.. 12:20. l:U0. 1:43. 2:30. 3:13. 4^00. *:ZS.
8:15. 5:50. 6:23. 7:13. 8:13. 8:00. 1*^20. 11:33
'Arrive at San Prandaco wee* «»T». fa^
7:00. 7:35 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:0* a. nv.
12:C5. 1:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20. 6:05. 5:40. 6:15.
6:55. 7:53. 10:05. 11:25 p. nt'On Sundays an4
legal holidays extra trains arrlvo at l-.ti.
2:i», 8:5u p. ro. _ ._
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7.43 a. m.
315 t> m 6-13 p rn. «ex. Sat->. On 9un<la>*
and &*S-bSild«f- A'-hVS'^^iV^VV^
U-CO. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1.00. 1.43. -.^o. T.w
and 8:13 p. con TBA1N a.
; T ". 4 « . _ dally— Caza.iero and way station*.
0:13 i. oniy-For »olnt Reyes.
I et 3":15 p. m. da"/ except Sunday— For Caxa-
d *5^5*p C " m.. daiiy except Saturday and Sua-
da 7^5 F °p! m Ol . n su^;» oSy-Fxr Point Reyes.
*'%'\* P m Sundays only— For Cazadero. ets.
TICKET OFFICE-C26 Market St.
FERRY-'Unloa Perot, foot of Market st.
Weekly Call, $1 per YearTHE, SAN FRANCISCO. GALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 1904.
12
MARION GRIFFIN. '
<08 Hearst bids., over. Examiner entrance.
,Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
' Rooming-houses and ! hotels for • gale.
BONA FIDE OPENING to June 18; 200
rooms; some .elegant furniture; building
NEW and.MODBRN; long lease; low rent:
price 11B.0OO; cut to S7C0O: i% cash.
. y . ¦ .' . ¦ MARION ORJFFIN.
SUMPTUOUSLY FURNISHED" 50-room house;
highly respectable , and now .clearing 5214
monthly: opened In May." 1903; 5-year lease:
everything strictly- first class. ¦ •
. r ,:« MARION. GRIFFIN.
SNAP THIS— 2« * rooms for $1000; - north of
Market: 2-year, lease now rent; sunny side;
not gorgeously 'furnished, • l>ut doing a good
business. • « ¦;¦¦ ' MARION - GRIFFIN.
SEVERE SICKNESS causes sale of 24-room
house for $1100;: certainly worth $1500; cen-
trally located; terms V, cash; profit $75,
should be $1000 monthly. :,•.• ...
.. "MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW AND MODERN corner 1 house of 43
rooms; beautifully furnished ! In ¦ mahogany,
blrdseye , maple;, -velvet- carpets: . 4 blocks
north of Market; Ions lea?e If desired.
¦•->'.- ' MARION ' GRIFFTN.
FIRST-CLASS .furniture; new carpets: 20 larga
rooms; rent '$85: "strictly respectable; profit
. exactly $72 monthly; price $1500; near Geary
St.; sunny side. MARION GRIFFIN.
N. B.— 14 LARGE rooms and big porches In
fine neighborhood ; respectable, ateady ten-
ants: 2 floors; very easy to care for; worth
$1200; cut to $700; clears $40.7
«..'¦¦ MARION ; GRIFFIN.
AND a $1000 house going for...... ...... $500{
it's a nice, newly painted 10-room ; house in
.the geographical center of the. city; rent $40
and Income $74 monthly. - .'¦•"¦
¦ ¦ .MARION. GRIFFIN.
NEARLY $3000 profit yearly; fine big house,
well furnished; nice clays of men roomers; \
cash price $0000, or Vi cash and ' Vi in other
property: it's 'a -fine proposition." ¦ . '•'
MARION. GRIFFIN.
SELECT FAMILY HOTEL: 40 rooms: clearing
$105 monthly: price $2, r >00. • /
, ¦¦¦¦'¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
CASH $100, balance $10 monthly; 8-room cor-
ner flat; newly calclmlned: piano. -'
. MARION . GRIFFIN.
FOR sale — Boarding and lodging ¦• bouse of 20
n-oms. MRS.' WILSON, Belvedere,: Marln Co.
$300 — 10-ROOM lodging-house; always full: ln-
' i come $30. Inquire 823 Howard st., after 12 m.
iOUS 1». '(^R^C&ElslvJ.'Prov^or
A<Jcre5? Ccniannnlcatloas to
.v } T I X BIcV A VG I IT^.^^ ?"» r*- r .
W. J. MARTIN . .Busings
TES DOLLARS KICWAKD.
ACtify The Call Office If Vou Mls«
Your I*a;>cr.
If fcr err csnre THE CA-X.Ii if not fle-
::Tcrcd rcrularly to «ub»criber« pleass
can n-p "CALL rSCHANGE" and nctily
! itacripticn C!€ik in chanre. Your c* 1111 -
ilaiat will receive prompt attention.
A stanfiissr leward. cf Tea Dollari
< 310.CO is offered for th« *rrc«t end
ctSTlsUoa cf aay one cauffnt ateaUa*
V/iX C*.LI..
TELEPHONE.
«jU fcr THE CALL. The Operator "*"•" <" on - I
oeet Vw Witt tte Department Vou Wlsh.
r-vtilcaUcn O.'f.re Market «- nd _ Tfc!r<1 ' Jl'
Ecitorial Rcop-.s 217 to 221 Etevenson st.
I.-e!lv*red by Carrers. 20 Cti. Fer k . " 5
CU. Per ilenth. Single Copies 6 C« 8 -
TetBi by Mail. Including Pcetag* <Cash wiin
Order j: „ nn
t^AILT CALL <inc!ud. Sunday). 1 year...*" w
J'AILV CALL tinclud. Sunday). « mos... «_w :
IjAILY CALL- By Single Month '{>=
MNDAY CALL. 1 Year *.°"
1 Year AH*Vi:i*4^S
KOr.KIGrC I g^&K^S Per Tear l"ra
*>OSTAGE. | 8SS3J: 1.00 fer Tear Extra
/.IX POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Ficple Ccples will be forwarded when re-
(jueeted.
Kail eubrcribers in ordering charge of ad :
£rets ehouid t* particular to give both >t.vv
AND OLD APDRESrS in order to Insure a
;.n'tnpt and correct compliance with their re-
«ueet.
OAKLAND OFFICE: I
1016 Drc*(Jwsy Te!eph<we Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
TUS Certer fcti-eei Telephone North ><
WASHINGTON' CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NETT TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hctel; A. Brentano. 31
T-'rion Square; Murra> Hill Kotel: Flfth-ave-
:.^« Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
F*iern:an House; P. O. News Co.: Great
N'<r!hern Hotel: Tremont Hovee; Auditorium
Hctel: Palmer House.
CHir-AGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KRCGNKSS. .Marqur-tte Bu'.'.fllrig
<Lcr.g Di»-sr.ce Telephone. "Central 2S19-")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
FTEFHEN B SMITH 30 Tribune Duildlcg
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAELTON Herald 8quare
BUEINEPS OFFICE of the San Francisco
.Call, corner Msrket ar.d Third utreets; open
until 12 o"< lo«-k every nlcht In the iear.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1 X* Market ttreet, opposite Fifth; open until
11 P- ra.
!27 Mcrttpocicry street, corr.er' Cay: open
until 9:30 c. tn.
CCO Kijtt street; open untl! 3:T.O p. m.
>'"'< McAllirtcr ttreet; open ur.til 8:30 p. m.
OS Larkin street;'open ur.til 8:."0 p. m.
!!'41 iiisiioi! i.tre»"t; open until 10 p. m.
2rei Mn:kft street, corner Sixteenth: open
ur.til 9 p. m.
I(t« Eleventh street; cpen ur.til » p. m.
:09tJ Valencia rtrprX; open until f r- ra.
Northeast corner <*hurch and Duncan streets;
orxai until 9 p. m.
Ncrthwtst wrav of Twer.ty-sercnd and Ken-
turky Btreeta; open until 9 p. m.
Fillmo.-e street: open until 8 p. rn.
TO SrBSCRIBintS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CAl.Ii cnbscriberti costemplatl&r ft
chtuire of residence) darinsr the summer
months caa "have their paper forwarded
*r mall to their new address by notlfy-
:iC THS C*LI. Business Office. This
paper will eIfo be on sale at all tm miner
resorts and Is represented by ft local
arent In aU towns on the coast.
MEET1XG XOTICKS.
CELEE11ATION of 8t. John's daF^n" B~
der the auspices of th» Past Mrs- A
t»rs' Association of California. F. //».
& A. :¦'¦ . by a «rra.n4 reunion und J;<JI
hesket pirnio nt El <"ampo. SATURDAY.
June 25. I5KM. The steamer H. J. Corcoran
will leave Wufhineton Ftreet wharf nt P:^n
». m. and return at 6 r>. ra. Ticket?, adults
!>0 rents, children 25 cents, can be liad at
the wharf en ih»> mornirur of »h» picnic.
ANDREW <"HRISTENSKN.
Chairman nf Cociruitte».
JAMES A. WILSON. Secretary.
1!IF?ION rhsrtfr No. 78. R. A. M.— «,
Kr-K-ial m^etinz THIS iTHTKSDAT) -a/Sf
EVENING. 7:S0 o'clock. M. M. de- ,^^V
grw. By orrtcr of the H. P:
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA I»l*» No. 1 F. an<i A. «-
U.. -will mert THIS W
KVCNINO at 7:30 o'clock. pecwid
<J"rr*». TRANKMN H. DAY. Sec.
FIDELITY ly^JK" No. 120. F. and A. M. O
Srx^ial meeting THIS mit:RSDAT)Vy
nVXNJXti at 7:30 o'clock. Third Df- /V\
trer. Matter Masons cordially in-
vited. By »>rd»r of th<» W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. KeTetarj'.
EOrTH PAN FRANCISCO Lortgo No. *
212 F. arri A. M.. meets THlS«a/V
• THVRSDAY) KVENINQ. at 7:30 j^^
o'clock, for third dTree. Master Ma-
focs cordially invited. By crdrr nf the 2iTas-
ter. ¦ E. C. HAKE, Eecrrtary.
LM'I'.IC Lodee f\.'o. 21C. F. and A. M. — C
Tliird dourer. THIS «THVJtSDAT) VV
> EVENING. 7:20 o'cioclc. Maeter Ma- /VS
\ .wnt cordially fr.vltr-d. n>- order of the
) Mafl.-r. .1. It. <;OLDSMJTII. Secretary.
BTAIUl KINO I^flpe No. T.U. F. and A. n
M.. :;17 r>viEaJ«ro Ft.— Third d^reeVV
THIS KVK.VING at 7:.*W o'clock. /^\
Mant<-r Matosis cordially invited. I?y
-. Jirdcr of the \V. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
THrC San P^ncisco Scottish Thistle v r^ • .
• -• ¦ -•;. Tli!.- 'TIJl7Rr;DAT>^, r&tX?
KVB.VIN' in Kratemiiy Hail. JJ
»*'*rfir»"l: t.. at S o'clock. Emoket s *=^^k
: OS W. PATERSON. Royal Chief,
jj ':'.. '.•-I'.LI.SLE. Recorder.
S*)V. H ' PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
fwjrt 1 - vp * York. June 15. 1304. Notice
S*r*f\Zi.ti Stvckholder* of Southern Pacific
' • '' - i- ¦ "^* - V ¦ *v
Nr.itf 1> yereby g]\-en thst the board of
•.>re-cu»r*. d -vhe Southern Pacific Comnanv
it ¦» tr.«-_:r this day held, called a *p«clal
.-'.-. t i* 0> U* Rtotkholder« of raid company
"» lorvtw, tt the offlce of the company in
gSMCfcarant. Jc.Terson County. Kentucky on
. ;c«-*o«v, the twentieth day of July 1304
; afli o'c!ocV*. m., etandard time to consider
act i>*a .cBoIutiors to be brought before
them at *ai!l meeting in substantially the
fonu and Up the t fff-ct following vjr •
-nesolved «I). that the capital stock of the
Southern Pacific Company be increased onl
t-idiuonal shares of the par value cf one hun-
c. ' •• ¦' -' ' .& : * r.,rh.
1 ", Rc r olvf<1 ;->• l**t the said Increased stock
riiajl be preferred atock; that the holders of
»ueh prcfen *d rtock Fhall be entitled to divi-
d'-nrt. tn each fiscal year at such rate not ex-
ccodl&C ecven per cent per annum.' payable
wn.J-arnually cut of the »et proau, .« fha n
I*- declared by the board of director* b^'oni
any ditidend Khali be declared on thr'ourop^
stock; that euch dividend* than be non-^umu
lative: that the hollers of such preferred ,tTk
.hall not by virtue thereof be entltleTio a^y
other cr farther Efcare of tho pro fiu of the
company; tliat. upon the dissolution of the
f-OTpasy. voluntarily or otherwise, the holder.
°l ," r " K crred *' ock ch *» be entitled to hV"
. th*4r fcharrs redeemed at par before anv Vii«
tribution cf any part of the arsets of the com
p»ny shall be made to the holders of tl*e mm"
:uon. stock: that eald preferred Mock shall »#
'•wued and *old from time to lime to ' "Z
¦ eii.c-jr.'.s and in. irach tnanner a* the board nf
directors may authorize and <letermin» but
M not lew than the par value of the sharp..
- that it fchall l/« convertible into common »tock
»h>.re for share, at the option cf the holder*'
.t any time: and shall be redeemable at the
¦ ¦ . -:i cX the company on or at any time after
the f:n-t <l«y of July. I9C5, and before th» flrst
w.y of July. I3I«. at one hundred and fifteen
dollar* vx ehart."
"Rwolvrd iS). that the board of directors
shall Tie tn-1 th«-y arc hereby authorized to et-
tablUb. treni time to time, and enferce all
>.•¦ !. rules and regulations respecting the I»-
fte. tale, redeftipticn and conversion cf such
»?'»-k. not incoi:s!i<t*nt herewith, as in the
fj.tig7r.rut cf «hc icard may be necessary cr
tz.i.'t'.tnt."
-1>'or the purpo£« of such special meeting the
ftc.k trar.f-rpr VonUs of the company will be
v closed July it, IVtU. at .1 o'clocV p. m. and
rto^eccdThureiaj. July 21. 1901. at 10 o'clock
AUEX. MILLAIt, Secretary and Cl-rk. ,
Pl'!8IVR«< flMVr" rrniUnnoil.
: A— CAMERON & CO.--- ! J hon? South 103U.
:< Uddy *t.. corner Market ar.d I'oweil.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well-furnished Ti-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; f.n? chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing: all modern conveniences; new. -one
year; price $2200 complete. CAMERON &
CO., 3 Eddy. St.
FOR sale— Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods busltiess; cheap rent; 6% years' lease;
i one of the best transfer corners In city; do-
1 ing fine business; other interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR ?ale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays 540 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, o Eddy.
FOR sale— Electrical and locksmith business;
central location: established !• years; rent
$30; clears $90 to S1C0 per month; price. $500;
must fell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy sC
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory . and
general jobbing: established 27- years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy. ,
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of r«al estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Coffee, tea and spice route over
IS years' .- tar.-i.r.-j: felling on account of re-
tiring from business. Fof particulars In-
quire at 119 Front «t., between 11 a. m.
and I p. m.
FOR eale — A good restaurant, nicely located on
Bush it.; fine trade and clear.n; a good
profit over expenses : win give reasons for
telling to legitimate buyer; no triflers. Box
2529. Call offlce.
A GOOD established bakery for sale in Sacra-
mento: has fine family and store trade; es-
tablished 25 year?. For particulars H.
SCHMIDT, bcx CC2. Sacramento. Cal.
FOR sale — Groceries and general merchandise
fctore in town not far »rom San Francisco;
stock W7|| Invoice about $1410; snort business
for man and wife. Particulars box SU5. Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED coal yard for sale;, well
located; near Ht. Francis Hotel; rent $23;
lease; grod stock on hand: one horte and
wagon; price $300. Box IOCS, Call.
ONE of the best groceries in the Mission for
*z\t. as a whole or in p«rt; good family
liquor trade. Address box I04HJ, Call offlce.
SALOON for sale cheap; in good business part
of city. Apply to DONNELLY & BR ANNAN.
1071 MUfilon st.
FOR sale or exchange— Gas stock, paying bet-
ter than 10 per pent, for city property or
improved farm lands. P. O. box 5*. Lima.O.
$MK> BUYS fine paying restaurant north of
Market; will stand thorough Investigation;
bargain. California Invest. Co.. 777% Mrket.
RESTAURANT for eale on the Central Pa-
cltlc Railroad at a good point for meals.
Box SS5 Call.
SALOON tor sale at Yountvllle, Napa County:
reasonable. Inquire of DEAN HOWARD.
Callstoga, Cal., box II.
WANTED — To buy or lease a good hotel In
country town. Address with particulars box
1068. Call offlca,
GENTLEMAN wishing to make good living;
$175: cigar store. Call at my factory, 229 5th.
WANTED — To buy small grocery and bar.
A'i'irees box «0S, Call offlce.
FOR tale— Saloon in manufacturing district.
Western Rubber Stamp Works, 521 Mission.
GOOD express stand; new wagon: licensed;
must sell. Particulars, 414 McAllister st.
FOR sale — AI coffee route, clearing $75 per
month; a bargain. Address box 1116, Call./
WANTED — Restaurant In good location. Ad-
dress, with particulars, box 860. Call.
A COUNTRY grocery and general merchandise
store for sale; price $1400. Box 1041, Call.
FOR eale — Ehelvlnt and fixtures at a bargain.
Brownstone Wine Co., 320 Market st. >
FOR sale — Small laundry route; horse, wagon,
etc.; bargain. Box 1106, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale In good location; near
California st. Full particulars box .1547. Call.
FOR eale — Coal, wood and feed business i la
Oakland very low. Box 2577, Call.
WANTED — Gnncery. with bar attached; price
not to exceed $1750. Box 899, Call.
DELICATESSEN store for sale; nicely located
in the MlFsion; fine trade. Box 814, Call;
GROCERY and delicacies for sale in North
Beach. Box 1079. Call.
WANTED — Cigar stand. Box 1038. Call offlce.
CIGAR stand and billiard hall. 155 Seventh
st.; cheap.
CALL route for sale; a fln» large' Call rout*
in the city of Alameda. Box 2179. Call.
FINE newspaper rouU for sale. Inquire, at
this efflce.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South lO5o!
."5 Eddy nt.. cor. Market and Powell..
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
7-room modern flat, close In. well furnished,
coet f<;00. at bargain if eold at once: $300.
C5 rooms; best downtown commercial hou«e
In city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city. ,
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
129 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; first-clad".
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $50<> to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rent; 10 year;' lease; close In;
clfrars $4C0 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per ceit per annum; departure. ¦'
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease. • ¦ '¦'/"'••
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $160 down. . balance time;
* lt»0. ."*»., \ .
32 rooms; cheap rent; .2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances;, every thing in
first-class condition; good furniture and crfr-
pets; clearing now $200 per month- If run
transient can clear $3C0 to $350 per month;
here Is best proposition In city; price $3200.
7-room flat; rent $40;. oak "furniture;' good
carpets; sickness; price $350. ' . ' • ' ¦
108 rooms; cheap rent; new -and -elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fln«
bar; can bo run' In conjunction If desired;
rare chance for right parties ;~part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the bouse: other busi-
ness Interests demand Immediate departure. -~
14 rooms; rent only $57; 'oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
JOS rooms; cheap rent; first-class up-to-dat*
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month: call for particulars. ¦ . -
19 rooms; ¦ rent only $100; well - furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to |1500.
28 roomo: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
.21 rooms; corner; rent only $85: oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping: all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady- price
$1600. . - i .
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month:
close In; full nice people; bargain iff taken at
once; dissolution of partnership. . •
120 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; 'ons of tho best buys In the city.
Larr* list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trads. always on
hand- A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MITCHELL & CO., 120tt Market st. \ .,
II you want to buy a house or flat on easy
terms, large list to select . from, try .
MITCHELL & CO.
I HAVE a fine downtown transient house of 34
rooms that clears $200r will- take $3700. -Ad-
drees box 1512. 100S Market st. i
MKETINCJ NOTICES— Continued.
EEnVtAN Benevolent Society— a^
Officers and members are re- jVjpft
? pectfully requested to as- >J^tL ,
tumble at the lodge rooms. 102 PSo*""?^
• •"Karrell ft.. THIS i>AV at f;>'! ! rf' ! <?Ki
7:!0 p. m. for the purpose of {'ytJUkt!
transacting official bu*in»«s. \i(Vt^'li
Hy order of JOHN A. LJLBI- W»**Jrfy
BBATICU; President. rZaSir
V. RADOGEVICH. fc-crctary. .
THE '-California Debris Commission having re-
cHved applications to mine by -hydraulic pro-
cess from Amador.and Sacramento Irrigation
and Mining Co.. la Dunderhead Mine, at
Michigan Bar. Sacramento County, Cal.,
draining Into Cosumnea River; from W. E.
Duncan ¦ Sr.. in Yurk Ranch Placer Mine,
near S-|Ianish Ranch. Plumas County, drain-
ing Into East Branch of North Fork cf
Feather River; from E. V. Tiffany and Seth
Jenk«?r*-on. In Treasure Point Mine, net.r
Fair Play. Kl Dorado County. Cal.. «1rain-
Irg I'lto Vedar Cre^k. which reaches South
Fork o: C<«umnu Rlvtr gives notice that
rnectinc will r>« h»14 at P.oom &j. Flood
Bcildinir. tfan Francisco. Calt. July 5. 1904
at 1:30 o. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS — "New TorVs Steamboat Horror,"
told by survivors and eye witnesses: 1100
dead: 100 illustrations from photographs:
about 500 pages, 7»jxlO: price Jl N>: selling
like "wild fire"; best terms; credit given;
freight paid; »end 10 cer.ts tn stamps for
outfit and instructions. KUHLMAX COM-
PANT. Dept. 4. Chicago.
AGENTP — An agency for a proposition that is
a derided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Weetern Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
EAEY money fer agents. Room 619, 121
Geary st.
ATTOnNEVS-AT-LAW.
~~^.~^7~HOW ; FrVl22~MA~RKET ST.
Tel. Jessie 4711. Established 22 years. Advice-
free on all legal matter*: divorces a siv-ial-
ty. private, quick: no pay in advance; mining
companies organized; patents obtained: wills,
d?e<ln. collections; detectives employed.
n. W. KINO. Attorncy-at-Law. Exam, bldg . I
6th floor: entrance room 611 r e»tabllshe.d 15
jears; all e-ases. general tourt and offlce prac-
tice: nv fee In advance or for consultation;
rvtnir.gti by appointment. Tel. Red ."SOL
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.. 15
yrs. practice; ref s. from many thousands of
soldiers, tailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions. '
AA—DIVOHCE— Costs $12: quick; quiet: advice
free: no charre unles-s successful.
71? Market st.. room 4.. bet. 3d and 4th.
DIVORCE — Coets, J12: quick, quiet; advice
free: all law business; no charre unless suc-
cessful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce cc*1b 112; no fees or
costs In advance; all law business: offlce
cjea Saturday evenings. 819 Market st., r. 33.
DIVORCE law a i-peclalty; no publicity: advice
fre*-; costs J12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 2109. S.F.
L. S. CLARK, 927 Market st; consultation
free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
ATTTOMOEn.ES.
AUTOMOBILES— Livery, garage and sales-
rooms; automobiles of every descriptiin
bousht and sold; #rlll buy or *eli recon.i-
hand machines. See us before .t,u do any-
thing with your machine. Phor.e South "02.
Pacific States Automobile Co.. 217 nils *t.
STEAM runabout for sale, cheap. EAMES.
, L*01S Market st.
WANTED — To buy a steam automobile for
ca*h. Box S.*!1, Call office.
¦WANTED— Gasoline automobile; name price
and condition of machine. Box 3543, Call.
WANTED— To buy an automobile; state kind,
etc. Box 2535. Calt offlce.
RAMBLER automobile for eale. Particulars
Box 2596. Call office.
ASTHMA REMEDY.
A. Dl Ncla's Anhma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly; 10c. 25c. 60c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
Ill MM>5 CHANCES.
A— 11600: SALOON in wholesale district; rent
$.'•0. estab. 25 year*: a good-paying saloon
and fine fixture*-, value in Eight. Call R. G.
W1LKK. 2t>4 Keerny M.
A— 5S500; CORNEP. taloon: close to Sutler et.;
place e&tab. years: doing an excellent busi-
ness; lease: rent |110: net rent $4S; elegant
fixtures. See R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— J15.U00; nARR<XJM; owner never clears
less than 11000 per month; location and busi-
nrsg can't be beat. See II. G. WILKE, 2ts^
Kearny St.-
A— |S00; PARTNER wanted In offlce of , manu-
facturer's agent; a first-clacs offer for good
man; $500 to be Invested in business; offlce
clears about $250 per month. See R. G.
WILKE. -MSi Kearny st.
A— $700; BAKERY across the bay; established
years and doing a first-class pa>ing store
trade: value in sight. AU particulars ft.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny tt.
A — $600; TOUNU and active man wanted to
run grill room in one of the finest barrooms
In this city; no rent to pay; referencea want-
ed. See R. G. WILKE, 2<5>/4 Kearny st.
A — $2250; CORNER ealocn on Montgomery St.;
established many years; rent $S5; lease; a
good-paying place and well advertised. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— $2200: ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse! Road-
houre! With 13 furnUhed rooms; rent $40;
lease: a flrst-cla*s 'paying resort. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Keamy tt.
A — $S00; CORNER naloon; rent $20; a splendid
location in the Mission; place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKE,
2CVi Kearny ft.
A — $3200; KLEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; place must -be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26*4 Keamy st.
A— $450: BARP-ER shop: 3 chairs; best location
In the Mission; rent $15. See R. G. WILKE.
26V, Keamy *t. • _,
A— $2T»C0; SALOON; choicest location on Mar^
ket *t.; low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
tures and a first-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26H Keamy st.
A— SCOO; CHOPHOUSE and coffee 1 saloon7~opp".
cable house; place estab. years, with steady.
, and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 2«H
Kearny st. -• * . ».
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms", kitchen end dining-room, • 37 beds,
good furniture; lease; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearay st.
A— $2000; SALOON. vlcln!ty~Market. EUIk and
Stockton sts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
llshe-J years: first-claa* business. Call B, G.
WILKE. 26% Kearry st.
A— $:»0; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
etcr« with 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location;
good business. See R. O. WILKE. 26%
Kearny St..
A— $375 cigar stand, transfer corner: rent *25;
good paylntf place. R. G. • Wilke. 2tt% Kearfty
DON'T workifor others; be your own boss;
learn the rral estate business and start In
for yourself; we make you our special rep-
resentative and teach you the business by
mail: we furnish large list of salable property
and assist ybu to earn from $2U0O to $5000
annually; write for free booklet and particu-
lars. H. W. CROSS &. CO.. 204 Tacoma
building, Chicago.
$300— WANTED, steady, sober partner; es-
tablished commission business; experience
not necessary; must be satisfied with $20
per weekand able to keep light offlce books.
See H. C. KOOP & CO.. 111S Market st.
$225 BUYS a dry goods/ notion and vaciety
store: 4 furnished rooms:, rent $15. H .C
KOOP & CO.. 1118 Market st. *
$050— HOME bakery and delicatessen store; 4
rooms; large steel range; 2 gas stoves; first-
class ehelving and counters; a bargain.
Merchants' Agency. 1008% Market- «t.
$2700— NEW hotel; electric lights; all modern
and up-to-date: newly furnished; doing a big
transient trade: near city; full of boarders:
rent $45. Merchants' Agency. lOCS'.a Market.
$050 WILL Mt-ure a lifelong position and In"
come of $D0 guaranteed; experience unncces 1 -
t-ary. but party must furnish- references;
present Income can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars I0O7 '4
Market St.; room I.
$5C0 — SPLENDID chance for right party; good
paying hotel In neighboring prosperous coun-
try town; rent »20; present owners must
1 leave; sicknewi. For particulars apply to L.
LARSEN, II Dc Boom St., opp. South Park.
$1200 — LODGING-HOUSE; finest" hlghTprfce
transient location; a money-maker; can have
long learc. Exclusively BERG. AKM-
KTKONG & CO., ai8 Kearny st.
5.VJ5— PAKTNliR wanted: manufacturing arti-
Cie cf Oally use; sure profit ot $90 a month
to etch; owner well known practical man.
DON.NfcXLV CO.. CJ2 Market s u
12000— ROADHOUSE. bar. thoroughly modem
?3*** — Orncery and liquor store; .1 living rms
PACIFIC Real Estate Co.. 1015 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL Con tinned.
CALIFORNIA Businew College. 023 Goldes
Gate ave.; S. F. : 7-Vpage^catalog on request.
PIANO lessons. C5c half hour. MRa PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, cr. SliUfc
SFIRITCAL.IS3I.
MRS J. X WH1TN ET.
Clairvoyant, trance, bvstness medium and lif»
I reader. 12CC Market *t.. Gait House.
t MME. TOl.'NO'S genuine spirit messages ti>
night. l«c. «1» McAllister. All prlvat* read-
! ings 760 Central ave.. 7th-st. sta.. Alamwla.
CLAIHVOYAXTS. _^^
ASSURED Success for You.
Call at once and save 14.
Hi* famous $5 readings this week fo»
$1 (1 II It 91 *1 II f>
No charge — No charge
Unless ymi obtain th« Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL. DESTINE.
The flrst reslstered trance clairvoyant aa#
palmlit ever In San Francisco.
Head varefully. An honest proposition.
. (Tou to b* full Judge.)
1 dn hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your narrx,
pecupation and what you called for; I tell
you If husband. wUa or lover Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry, how to gain
:he love of !*»e one you desire: In fact. I will
t#ll you every hope, fear or ambition bettoff
than you can tell yourself: his advtc« is r*»
liable, his powers ar« wonderful and mi!s»
putable: h? Improves your character so thai
yen will reach the highest possible devalop-
ment in mental arj bodily vigor, health.
happln<a4 and capacity to earn wealth: tb»
controlling power Implanted in your natur*.
so you can control any one secretly; gives
advice en mining and>burted treasure-; glv««
you success in lif«; he guarastees you suc-
cess or charge^nothing for hta serrlcea, 10
a. m. to 8 p. b.; closed Sunday.
328 O'Farrell street — 328.
MYSTERIOUS POWER.
$1. II. II. II- II. 11. «.
ELLSMERE. Egyptian seer, clairvoyant.
; '- Educated by adepts of India.
Never before ha\e you consulted one)
So fully endowed with psychic pow«r.
Call, be convinced. Trouble and doubt leav« yon.
¦ The Greatest Clairvoyant
"Tells your full name and occupation;" whom
and when you will marry; mining claims, lost
veins located: advises Investments; busrnaaa;
law. love, divorce, partners, changes, journeys,
without asking questions; removes spells. «v11
Influence, hastens marriage; controlling power
implanted in your nature: teaches personal
magnetism develops mediums, clalrvoyaat.%
etc. 1CO7J4 Market st. Mall. 12: office. H.
Also open Sundays. 10-8. Writs for Oovtnda
Suttay Hindoo Belt. Particulars freu. Orient-
al Talisman. Adepta wear them. All letter*
answered, confidential.
~FR«>M~ALirSECTlON9 THET COMB TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS II.
H* has met every expectation, every adver*
tlsod promlae.
He is acknowledged by all who consult hint
as a true exponent of the occult science; fsr
overcoming trouble, bad luck, tli health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries, would
it net be- a relief to know bow ybu will suc-
ceed* to be relieved of the matters that art
troubling you and cf the schemes cf your «n«-
mles. that you miy m«t with better suceesa?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
.Who i« permanently located at
428 Eddy at.: lady attendant. /
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.: shs reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of tha past, reveals th«
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future: If you are in troubl*.
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love cr business troubles, con-
sult this great. medium and you will b* to!*
bow to overcome them; valuable advice la
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed: readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
MME.PORTER.eelebrated clairvoyant erbium,
card reader, born with a doubla veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and futur*; I.
60c. g. by cards SI: palmistry and clairvoyant
sit.. |! 5a 200 O'Farrell St.. near Mascn.
A— MIm M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant ery»-
tal seer -and life reader, win tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion -..names given: special. 11: hours 10 t» S.
Mrs. A. H. Kror.enberg. palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader;when others fall try me.good reading*
25c. 721 Frank!in.nr.O.vJ.ave.Tel.Larkln4207.
A— Mme. Ravenna read* life; business adviea;
names glven:25o up. 835 Howard.bet.4thA5th.
MME. ODELL returned: clairvoyant, card read-
er: tea leaves: 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
MIS5 WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts: readings dally. 917 Market st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. 23 H
Sixth it.; ladies 25c; gents 50c.
ISMAR, the celebrated Egyptian seereaa. will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BAUMANN. th» well-known fortua*.
teller. Is now at 317 Ellla St.
MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader, sit-
tlng» dally. 4-tSS Jesaie .t . bet. »th and 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A^CnPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japan»««-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell St.: tel. Mala 5753.
JAPANESE-Chineso Emp. Offlce. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagaki. mgr. ; tel. Bush S3*.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Mala S13&.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY * CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FG31A1B.
A COMPETENT, refined, middle-aged woman
desires light pcslticn. working housekoeper
for two: good home main object. Box ll.iO.
Call olflce.
A COMPETENT American woman wishes wort
by day: fine flannel washer, laundress an4
sweeper: $1 25 and carfare. 873 Mission at,,
corner Fifth.
YOUKG lady desires position In doctor's ef3e«
or as cashier in restaurant. Addresa box
1172. Call office.
COMPETENT young woman wishes housework
and cooking In a small family: wages moder-
ate. Box 111*. Call office.
A YOUNG woman wishes to do general houm>
wcrk and cooking; wages $25 to 130; no oi>
j-:.tijn to across the bay. Box 1129. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED, competent woman wants p^
sltion for general housework: reliable: ref«^»
encej; city or country. 143 Third St.. rm. 25.
A YOUNO woman, reference, for laundry work
and bousecleanlr.*: first-class work; II 99
day. See landlady at TTT?i Market st.
SEAMSTRESS and milliner: |1 to 11 50 p«r
day;. by mall. U25 Pine st.
A YOUNG woman wishes work by tho day,
washing ar.d house-cleaning. 451 Sanchea.
A YOUNO Finn girl desires situation la family
in ctty. Call at Sl^'a Third st.
WOMAN wants situation In small family to
take 'care of children or housework: city or
cuuntry. Addresa 536 Third st. MRS. CLU-
NESS.
A RESPECTABLE, well educated lady. , 8T
year? old. wishes a position as housekeeper,
city or country. Box 1113. Call offlce.
YOUNG woman- wishes work by the day. wash-
Ing. Ironing or house-cleaning, |1 50 day.
Call 1 Mission court, near Fifteenth st.
A WOMAN cock wishes a situation as cook ti
i a hotel or ' small boarding-house; no dlsh-
; washing: city or country. .961 .Mission st.
TOCNG ' lady, experienced stenographer. wtt!»
knowledge of bookkeeping, desires a position
as offlce assistant'.' Box 1U32. Call offlce.
WIDOW with two children, ages 2 and 3
I years, wishes houstkeeper's position In a?sd
party's, or couple's home. . Box Z3A", Cal!.
SWEDISH girl wants housework. 807H Bucb-
anan St.: no. postals.
A GERMAN lady to go out working by th»
day or week. Address 12 August alley.
EASTFRN girl wishes position as r.urseg'.ri.
2714 Harrison st.
A NEAT young German lady wishes situation
as housekeeper. 20 Devlsadcro at.
FIRST-class dressmaker will go out fcr *•*¦•
day; |2 a day. 407 Van Neaa ave.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch " offlce. cor. Duncan tt Church iu
WANT ads and* subscriptions taken far TO*
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT \VA.\TED— MALM-
MAN and wife wish positions: man ccachtnan.
thoroughly understands care of flna horse*
Keaerxl man about place; wife good ruok .¦•' •
¦ laundress; references. S. D.. 44t^j Jessie i'.
A GOOD, all around man wants position ia
private place: understands the care of horses,
garden; good driver; can milk; good re£er-
.ences. Bex 1111. Call offlce.
STEADT ycung man wants position with •
chance' of -advancement; reference* B»'»
_1110. Call of flee. _
GARDENER wants situation; competent te
. «row a mixed collection of orchida; *•*
references. Box 1050, CaU.
YOU WANT J^sTO BE KNOWN TO THOSE KNOW
PENTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebotw — Cannot break;
w*rr«ini«d -^0 yr».: crown. *•'! 5t>; Oiling?. 50c;
- plaits. &>: full net; ail wcrk painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlor*. 2» Sixth.'
DK. LL'ULUM HILL. 144': Market. nr.Eleventn
. —No' charge rcr extracting when plates are
- made; eld r'at«s made over like new; teeth
Irom $8 per *et: extracting 50o; gas given.
DR. KXOX, : 'dentist, r.uw located at the
Giant, bulldlne. los»3 Market. 2.1 floor; all
first •class dentistry at low . prices.
ARTHUR 1 CH1SHOLM. scrgeon-dent1st.r.l4.1st
flcor. l'hflan bid.. SOtJ Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental l'a:lors. SIS Kearny.' cor. Bush —
Set tteth. $1 50 up; crowns.»2 up: filllngs.23c
FRKK cxaminatton wltn chaTt At the New
_York nenttma. !Kg) Mliylon «.t.. SE. cor. 6th.
COLD rmings. 75c: silver. U5c: crowns. »2; no
pain; cp^n Sundays. •Dr.O.U.Hewltt.201 Suttr.
l)ltl>S.(IAIvEKS *>D SEAHSTItKSSES j
McDOWELL Dressmaking * Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure;. eve. class. lOltt Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knire-plaltlng. Stew,
art's bntton & buttonhole factory.' 110 Taylor.
•«¦ KULC'ATIO.XAl..
K. R. AYRES. founder and manager of Ayres
Business- College for 14 'years, has returned
to takf active management; bookkeeping.
r - rhorthanJ, "typewriting; $5 a month; life
; . scholarship $5o: day and- evening. Bancroft
building. 723 Market st.
A 'BAiGEK school than ever. On-Juna 1 w«
. .' m9Ttd tonew fireproof building 7as Mission
-.»f.. ; b«fw«en Third and Fourth :'¦ more scaca*
flner room*: better light: finest in the Wmt'
cotce anJ see. S. V. BUSINESS COLLEGE*
A— THE. Paul Gerson School of Acting glres
• more performances and secures more engage*
menu for stodents than all other Western
¦ schools ; special summer course. 414 Mason.
HEALDS BLSINK8S COLLEGE. Ti POST s'
F. — Bookkeeping shorthand. toLcntyllng
languages, ttlcgraphy. English branih«s;day
ar.d Mght sessions; Illmtrated catalogue treo.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Ma7-
ket. guarantees positions to graduate* ¦ PU-
man shorthand, typlng^jbookVeepin* 1 .'^
"^f fr-^. 0^?',? 11 ?" t Klectrldty.24 Post
St.. B.F.: a practical school of enflneerini--
compUte equipment. Speclar cataloguS tSZl
DANCING — Adults. . SJon and Frt «vn> i..v.
: ?«'.'H.H l-th'k^'v F«°« d«"v 'Find!
lays "a'l^j/th^bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
E ve°y I *\S IJ c ? a^}' VlI> ( , eUc - aila - —iSriS".
i e ».as»a>.. cyanide; day. ev.- est. 1S64 Van
der N.Ulen School. 113 Fulton." r. Clly" Ha"
A diy I1 "e' T W«fl geb^' bo ?. k l teepln *' 8horth *n«i":
. \ western Bus. College, HOT Market.
; LODfil.Mi IIUCSHM Foil .S.V1.B — tot. |
THIRTY rooms, nictly furnished, lease. . .jr.JCO |
26 rcomi>. nil men roojners. low rent.... 10O»
115 room*. low rent^ountry transient.. 50C0
31 room*, rent only $S& "5ill» !
1(1 rwiras. rent $70. transient. ........:. rt(Xt
SI rooms, rent f-t per room....... ;»100
Monty to loan on furniture at 16w rates.
__ EITEL & CARROLL. 212. Kearny »L ; .
D'AND H2 roomed- house for *ale cheap;- ihap:
no taeents. Stevenson st. :
LODGING HOUSES WAXTED.
WANTED — To buy loiisrln* house of about '30
to 35 rooms. Pox S23. Call offlce.
CAHFETBEATlMJAmcLEAXIS G.
COMPRRPSEO Air and Vacuum~Procc7^now
universally used for cleaning- carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and tvga are altu>
cleaned by compressed air «t shop: • prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed^ Air Cleaning
Co., 308 Market at.; phones Main 15"J and
Bush 479. ;.. . _'_
WHEN you" become dltgusted with your xvork
eend for SPAULDIXO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ine Works. 3S5-357 Tehama ft.' Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. .240 Fourteenth st. — E^rst-clnffc
carpet cleaninc 3o yard.' Tel. -Slission 7J. '
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works; 1S09 Ua^-
rlson «t.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Work*!
.333 Golden Gate a.v«. Telephone East 126^
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beatins; mat-
tressos made over. 1432 Howard;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Slitter it.:
tel. Main 3t)4. GEO. WALCOM'fe CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. c*rpet~beatlnr works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.; tel. Mission 283.
A WEEK'S news for S centa — The Weekly CalL
, 16 pages. In wrapper, for -ia*.llng. >1 per year
CX.OTHHTO BEWOVATPTO.
SUITS cleaned -and pressed. SI;. scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
phone Drumm.44. Call for and- deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. Main . BSSO.' »'
¦ CURES 8UPT U HE.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market St.; send for circular.
AFTER 3 years of personal experimenting, on
November 15. 1903. the solution of the prob-
lem has been solved of how. to. cure "75 per
cent, of. ruptures: from the; b?st authority
- less than .10 per cent has been cured by the
ordinary truss in the past 1C0 years.
(————-—^1 HIGH-GRADE I _, ."^T
F-^MiF^F^ TOIfU PT S-ftiP I — I if"" I — '
I l~\\ 11® TO SUNDAY CALL | KLL
I WANT AD. PATRONS I
I One Box (3 Cakes) Richly Perfumed, Hard Milled, First Quality Soap
YOUR CHOICE OF FOUR/ODORS
VIOLET, WHITE ROSE, PEAU D^SPAgNE, CLAVEL (Carnation)
IN THE RAMONA BRANDS AND AROMA DE CLAVEL WE ARE OFFERING TO OUR WANT
AD. PATRONS PERFECTION IN PERFUMED SOAPS, A CALIFORNIA PRODUCT, MADE BY
THE LOS ANGELES SOAP CO., AND EQUAL IN QUALITY TO THE BEST AMERICAN OR IM-
PORTED ARTICLE. THESE SOAPE WEAR HARD AND RETAIN THEIR EXQUISITE SCENT
TO THE END. THEY CREATE A COOL LATHER, SOOTHING' TO THE MOST TENDER SKIN,
AND HAVE A DELICATE FRAGRANCE THAT -IS LASTING AND REFRESHING.
ONE, BOX (3 CAKES) WILL BE GIVEN TO EVERY PERSON PRESENTING A WANT AD.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY OR SATURDAY FOR INSERTION IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
...WANT ADVERTISERS ONLY ARE ENTITLED TO THIS PREMIUM...
DEALE3S SUPPLIED BY X.OS ANGELES SOAP CO., 115 DAVIS ST., S. P. * . !«,
Fremlums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at: . . .
BUSINESS OFFICK of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in th« year.
I .' 1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
. .627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. nc
$00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m. *
¦ 639 McAllister street; open ur.til 9:30 p. m. : •*•
CIS Larkin street; open until V:30 p. m.
• "1041 Mission iitreet: open until 10 p. m.
; 2201 Market «tre«t. corner Sixteenth: op-a until 9 p. m.V. „
J ... 106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. - * . r : .
1 j ' . 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. '. • — J „_
j • No-rth^aet corner Church and Duncan streets: open until 9 p. tn.
Northwest corner T-wenty-secor.d and Kentucky streets; open until }p. a.
2290 Flllmore street; open until 3 p. m. , | ¦ :
OAKLAND OFFICE: ; ""*"-.
I01C "Broadway Telephone Main 10&3
I 21 <S Center 6tr»*t : ------ ...Telephone North 77
• ; : AtAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store Tark StreetTHE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, : JUNE 23, 1904.
13
REjiL^E^TATJS--crrr--FOR SALS.
$1 23 PER week: no interest: lots In th* Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level: no grad-
ing to do: ready to build your little ho—
en; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st, room 3.
FIVE-ROOM cottare; porcelain plumbing,
modern Improvements, laundry, yard; rent
$25: north side of O'Farrell at.; $3(S00 only.
Inquire 1301 Devlsadero *t *
MONET at 8 per eent for the full coat of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Saving. Bank.
107-8 Crocker building.
$0Ci0O— Howard *t.. north line, bet 7th and 8th,
; 25x90; lmprov. DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market.
ALL work guaranteed first elas* by AHL-
BACH ft MAYER. Plumbers. 838 Howard »t.
POINT HICHMOXP HEAL ESTATB,
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege. on Santa F%
and electric roads; land $300 per acre; lot*
60x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acre* and
building*. $400 per acre; monthly payments;
send for maps, etc. HAIGHT. 401 Cal.*t.S.F.
REAL ESTATE Coaatry— For -»l>.
$5 60 AN acre; big bargain: big *toclt and
grain ranch. -5.000 acre*; will make excellent
1 colony or 25 1000-acre farm*; to clow an
1 e*t-te must be »old by court for $5 60 an
acre; railroad and (teamboat; abundant rain-
fall; 1-3 cash will do. C M. WOOSTER. CO
648 Market- »t *
1 ALFALFA land*, atoek ranches, orchards,
-lneyirds: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues *ent free. C M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market *t
ALAMEDA ADVEBTIS'MENTS
AT.AT>rm>A B3_-X ESTATE.
ALAMEDA business property for sale; comer
lot. 2 store*, dwellings above; a bargain. Ap-
ply owner. 1231 Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
OOOD Investments near new Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block: 271 ft. frontage on track: two
: blocks from Berkelry station $230i>
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $2OO
Lot 40-135: mac; within V, block »4.V)
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2B0O
Buy wbere values are increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap hou3ea.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 1056 Unl-ersity av».
Near San Pablo ave., We«t Berkeley.
FfiUITVALE Advertisements.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— $2750; It cost $3750; rent* for $3)
per month; 2 cottages on lot 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
Ea»t Oakland. '
FRUITVALE FURBISHED ROOMS.
THREE housekeeping rooms; pantry; closet;
use of bath and laundry: large ground*; $25.
1417 Fremont ave.. Frultvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFOCE. 1018 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL K.HTiTB.
MANUFACTURERS AND EVERYBODY.
SEE THIS FINE BUILDING SACRIFICED.
I have for sale a large building at Elmhuru,
Cal., a suburb of Oakland, built for a hotel,
but too large for the place, and I have a Iat<*
order to cell it for the best pric* I can get.
/The building 1* SOxlUO feet and contains 40
large rooms; a ga* plant In good order In a
building in the rear, and gas and water fix-
tures all over the house. The lot Is on the*
principal street with street railroad in front,
and Is 115x130:7 feet on Jone* ave.; a cement
sidewalk 13 feet wide on two sides. It is
well adapted for any kind of manufacturing,
with electric power plant near by; or a hun-
dred other purpose* to be *up:gested. TV*
owner is a very old man and la closing up his
affairs, and *ay* SELL for WHAT IT WILL,
BRING, bee the building and make me an offer.
IRA C. JENKS.
1209 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
$600 CASH. $20 monthly — 7- room cottage; mod-
ern; stable, barn, chicken-house and shed,
fruit trees and flowers: a lovely home: lov?-
llest location In all East Oakland: streets
macadamized: only home owners here; on»
block to-2 electric car lines; 7 minute*' walk
to S.' F. steam local train; fine school and
plenty of churches near by: for beauty of
location It really beat* the band: come an-1
see thl* bargain: -lie- 4Oxl5O; price in all
$237- only: a desirable home trr. all time;
rail or send for circular 4S3 7th at., opp.
Broadway . station; carriage free. it. _.
JONES, land owner.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
•WALSWORTH ave.. 410— Modern: piano; $33;
rare chance. Apply on premise*. . ¦ " ¦¦ ¦
OAKU.HO PUUITl'KB FUR IAL_.
TO-MORROW the day for bargain* In furni-
ture. H.Schellhaaa.llth at.cor.stqre.Oaklaad.
San Francisco Advertisemts,
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
T^iE^wmT-Tis^KrNa!
Best automatic furniture.
Best ball-bearing stand. —
Best vibrator and rotary shuttle -
Best lock and chain stitch.*
Best sewing machine on earth.
Beat machine* at $3.00 per month.
Beat machines to rent at $2.00 per moat-.
WHITE SEWING MACHINE! CO..
Retail offices. 2u6 Post st..
1S41 Flllmore st. and 70S Valencia st.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family _**; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rate*. Domes-
tlc office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
NETW HOME — See our new triple-feed n .'
chines; slightly used; $10. $15, $20; second-
hand, $3. $5. $M: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 M_r-tt st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA. 1304— Sunny front bay-window
room A kitchen, connecting; r*aa.;no child"-.
CALIFORNIA. 1304— Sunny front bay-wlado'T
room and kitchen; reasonable.
CENTRAL ave.. 67. nr. Halght — 2 or 3 sonny
unfurnished rooms for housekeer-lng; pboaa:
bath; laundry: reference*.
EDDY and PoIX (Gladstone) — Elegant sunny
housekeeping apartm'ts: 3 rm«; modern conve •
nlenccs. bath; first class ; pfao-e Larkln 1981.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1210— Two lovely *unny
parlora for housekeeping.
GUERRERO. 3.T.1 — 2 or 3 unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; bath, laundry; no alga.
JACKSOX. 1609. cor. Polk— Finely .arnlshed
sonny corner housekeeping rooms; m_rln»
view; reasonable.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartment*. 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3- room suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted; free hath*: rate $30 up.
JACK3ON. 1516 — Sunny housekeeping rooms;
tew flat; reference*. Phone Polk 1875.
LAGUNA. 1507 — A floor of 3 sunny room* com-
pletely furnished; modern; private family;
reasonable.
LARKIN.10O7. cor.Po*t — The Cragburn, H. Bur-
llngame.prop.; rms. . single' & hkpg. apartment*.
MISSION, 86S— Sunny furnished housekeeping
room*.
MISSION. 1429— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, $15; gaa range: also other room*.
OAK, 10—2 rooms complete for hou_e_»«plng:
use of piano.
OAK. 117, 638 McAllister— Room*, complete!
$5 to $12; gaa range, hot bath; adults.
POLK. <J12 nr. EJdy— $20; two large *unny
housekeeping, bath, gas, phone, adult*.
POLK. 1643. cor. Clay— 2 Urge nicely furnUhed
ronny front housekeeping room*; rent $13.
SCOTT. SCO. northeast corner Page, near
Hatght-at. car: two newly famished, ranny.
connecting room*-: bath, gas range, dlshea;
everything complete. /
SUTTER. 9«l-B70— Unfnr. *unny alcove, din-
ing-room, kitchen: also furn. suites or atngle;
choice location: «ummer rate*; tourtota.
THE HERBERT. 153O Polk *t.— Sunny, newly
furn. apartments: pleasant: tel. Hyde 2181.
VALENCIA. 822—2 or 4 sunny cor. fur. houi#-
kpg. rms: electric lights, gas and coal rang**.
Continued on Pago Fourteen, u
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
ENERGETIC, hu»U!r._ American younr man
from the E&ct wants situation: rood business
experience at responsible positions. Addree* 1
_box 1131. Call office. I
ENGINEER'S or contractor'* aa-lstant want*
lositlofl; young man with Eastern expert- '
rnce; ehaftsman, chief draughtsman or
superintendent. Addre** box 1174. Call.
' GROCERY and bar clerk, with some city
experience, wishes a position. Address Clerk
VSC __.r_!n tt. - ,
BAItBER. with few months' experience, wants
steady Job c* apprentice. Box 1119. Call.
MACHINIST and toolmaker. experienced, I*
looking for work. W.. 1309 Stockton *t.
CARPENTER, cabinetmaker, thoroughly «1
perienced, good workman, understand* his
business, also coed draughtsman for cabinet
work, wants work: $3 day. Box 1040. Call.
BARKEEPER. German, married, reliable, true,
?ober. 11 years in on- place, Fresno County
rant* place in city. Addres* TRUE care
Kartmann, 516 Second at.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation In a grocery store and barroom;
f:r«t-<:!__« city reference*. W. BOHLINO,
417 Kearny at.
A STRONG young man <23) wishes a po«ltlon
to work around country store; can drive a
team; reference*. Addres* 1115 Steiner *f
STEADY young man wl*he» position on gen-
tleman'* place; ur.dentandi care of horse*.
*tc; can rct:k; references. Box 1105. Call.
SOBER, -nerretle young married man, good
education, want* position; experienced In
club* and grocery business. Box 1083. Call.
DRUGS — -ranted position In Nevada; comp«- 1
tent. Box 1034. Call office. '
Painter, paper-hanger. *ignwrlt*r. want* work;
tool* furn. 1272 Folsom «t; phone Mint 131.
JAPANESE boy want* a situation a* a *chool
boy or at housework. Y. MORISHITA. Jap-
ane_t T. M. C.^ A., in Halght st.
BRIGHT Jar*aeee boy wants *hort work In
morning-* ror room and meal*; speak* well.
GIN. 315^ Stockt-n et.
A JAPANESE, gentle and honest want* a po-
rtion aa a »choc:boy In a family. Box 1109.
CaJl office.
JAPANESE honest boy vutt position as bed-
rr.aker in hotel or lodging-house. S69 Geary
ft.; telephony Hyde 20R4.
JAPANESE couple want place*; man aa/platn
<^"ck, wife to do housework and wait at
table; wage* $35 up month. 451 Jeesle st
JAPANESE boy want* position as butler: ha*
food recommVnfiatinr.; city or country. l.'*04
*"o*t^«t.. Japane«e Mission; phone Polk 2157.
JAPANESE boy. gentle and honest, wlshe* po-
•Ition housework, half day or all day; speak.
E-gll*-. KITA. 25BA OTarrell it.
JAPANESE nii-e boy wants a position as wait-
er and housewcrker In good family. HELN-
F!T. 1-1 Halght st.. Japanese Y. M. C. A.
JAPANESE eohoolbiy -rant* position,, small
*«-illy ; cook. T. M.. 831 Sacramento et.
JAPANESE boy wants situation at store work;
postal an«-ere<i. 639 Stevenson st.. city.
JAPANESE bey -rants to care, for garden and
h<Ts» In country. 725 Oeary st.
JAPANESE bookkeeper desire, suitable work.
231 N Seoond «.. San Jo«>e.
JAPA-NKFE Housecleanir.g Co.. 620 Larkln St.;
W. 17.'.S. S. G. HENRRY.
5^ATS TO LEt!
AAA— HOUSE RENTING~DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our fre*- renting department: over 1000
In number; a combined list from a'.l agencies:
let us gU> you a list and help you to find a
place: we never fail: service free.
sterling furniture co..
1039 market st.
opposite McAllister.
A— HOUSES and flat* tr> let; an Immense li«t:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-2SJ
CJeary tt., on the square.
Van Nl^?? ave.. «;_!? — Lower comer fiat: sep-
*-r_te mirM? entrance; elegant wood finish:
biliiard-room etc.; rent $75. on lease only.
Atiply on premises. 11 a. m. to 4 p. m., or
_ y BALDWIN _r HOWELL.
I*OE. K.Vt— Beautiful n«=w flat: -sunny cornM";
T> rooms and bsth: all modern Improvements;
lew rent; convenient to Castro Er.d Twenty-
fourth st. cur*.
A FLAT. 3 larjre rooms: double parlor; owner
»~n pr»mises Wednesday »«lfl Jessie Ft., or
JOSEPHINE WILfON. Pan Mateo. Cal.
A kcnxv flat or •; rooms and baih. 173S
Kolsoni Tt.. near Thirteenth.
ELEGANT bay-window, 6 rooms, bath. 735
Mima ft., near Ninth.
FILLMOP.E. 1124— 7-nv-,m flat; mcflern; room*
a. II light; rent reasonable.
HAYES, BP2. cor. Buchanan — NIe* sunny flat;
*i rooms and bath: modern improvement*.
LARGEST lift of bouse* and tUt» to let. Call
«n I.YQX & HOAG. 116 Mnr.tgow.ery «t.U
FLATS TO LET — FLUMSUED.
HAIGHT. 12W8, Burns V!st_T7w?7:«^ral'ilvir
— Elrgantiy furnished flats; alto unfurnished:
house her ntl r-r>rver.ience* and Is sltuat-d la
tele< t neighborhood.
n.ATfi FOR »AL_ FURNISHED.
JJINNA. 454B— Lower flat of 4 room*; newly
renovated: to le\, and furniture for sale to
a «¦'• -i tenant
FURNISHED flat of t rooms and bath, com-
plete. Call between 6 and 7 p. m-., 333 Hick-
ory ave.
Ft'RNITCRE FOR SALE.
$-J7ri — A KNAP in town; 9 nicely furnirh«d
r>jom*: $25 over r*nt; call afternoons. .113
Taylor st. '
FURNITURE cf 4 rooms complete for house-
' keeping; fine parlor set; must be sold at once.
_9» Missouri «t., corner 18th, Potrero.
YCU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 59
down and tl 60 per week. T. Brtlll-nt'*
Kurniture Co.. 340 Poet St.. near Powell.
A Trier--- Auction Hou*e, 19 Turk. nr. Market
furnlshe* everything for th* house; low price*
FURNII t."RE. BtOVU, bought, tcld. exchanged.
!Ja-grr. 4.m Valencia. nr.ieth.Tel.Church »S79
CIIKAPE-T place in city for second-band fur-
nitui*. 3^6 Geary g_ Tel. Polk 1477.
FIRNnXRE WANTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom, 1125 Market «t Tel. Jessie 7C1.
Don't •<-!! your furniture, carpets, office fur-
rilure, etc . until you get his estimate.
WANTED — To buy furniture of a 6 or 7-roora
fiat. Box •¦..'..Vi. Call office.
WANTED — A chiffonier; state price. Box
1C.1. Call office.
WANTED— To buy carpets and rug* In good
condition. Box 636. Call offlc*.
CHAS. LE.VY A CO. pay highest price for fur^
riiture.c-rp^ls.rtc. 'H2 Mission; teL Hm>!$ 41X
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A COOXC and second girl for small
family In Itor* Valley. $30. $23. «ee lady hero
thi* afternoon: a nurse to attend grown chil-
dren. $30, reference.* from families required;
a sir! for homework. 3 In family, tit. Helena,
$30; a capable waitress and parlor maid. $M>;
a hou*ewcrk elrl for country. t'iS: 2'> house-
work rirl* for city and country. $20, $25.
$,0. $35. MIES PLUXKETT. 425 Eutter St.,
ntur Powell. . '.
A — WANTED Fares paid.
6 waitresses. Santa Cruz and Capitola. 925; I
10 waitresses, springs. $25; 25 waitresses,
city end «-ountry. S25; cook. Institution,
country. $35: pantry girl, resort. $25.
C. It. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bu»h st. 1
WANTED — Thoroughly ' experienced saleslady
for ribbon department: murt have from 1 to
:-; year*' experience. MARKS BROS.. 1220
Market ct.
YOUNG lady, experienced clerically, type-
writer end stenographer, for office In whole-
i-ftlt- house; state age. references experience,
ralery expected. Box 1173. Call.
WANTED— Girl for factory work. Apply, with
refer»nc*5. to Great American Importing Tea
Co.. 52 Market et
WANTED — Girl fcr light housework and to
aes!*t with children; good wage*. After 12
o'clock at SI 4 Valencia st.
GIRL for generaj housework. Call at 3C32
Twentieth st. -.
EXPERIENCED bindery girl* wanted at Sun-
set Prf-t*. Market and Tenth ct*.
WANTED — FlrKt-clae* Swedlch cock; best of
references required. Call at 2200 Pacific ave.
from 10 1. in. to 12 m.
"WANTED — Experienced waitresses. 443 Elll*
street
IRONER8 wanted. Apply United State*
X_lu__t7. Sixteenth _nd Valencia >U.
HORSES AND WAGOXS — Continued.
8 GOOD horse* for eale cheap. 827 Sixth *t
WANTED — Horse (sound) for delivery wagon.
Box 1014. Call office. . ' .
WANTED — To buy a buggy; must be In good
repair. Box 8.T2. Call office.
WANTED — Single set buggy harness. Box
_ 354S, Call office. -
NEW and second-hand wagens. all kind*, at
1615 Market nt., opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness. work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
HORSES AgP BUOO-E3 fOB SAM.
2-SEATED leather-top surrey, Al condition,
especially camping, accommodate 5 persons;
$60. KLEIN. 2237 Mission st, near Nine-
tecnth. _^
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
¦ cular.. G..H. UMBSEN St Co.. 20 Montgomery.
~ C-CAIBS. ~
BOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Kames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
INVESTMENTS.
GOOD investment — A limited number of share*
at 25c per share:, this stock will be worth
one dollar ($1) per share witnm a year; call
write Osceola Mining and Development
Company. 414 Crossley building. S. F.
LOST AX1J KOU.\ li.
LAST Notice — Diamond broocli found on prem-
ises of Hale .Bros.'. (Inc.), -'070 Market st..
December last, will be given to the finder If
unclaimed on Saturday, June 25.
LOST— Small cardboard box - marked Shreve
&. Co., between Maskey's and Lace House.
Return Shreve & _
LOST — June 21. between 1730'Fell st and fer- '
ry or on Hayes-st car, a pearl heart. Finder ,
pleaze return to 1730 Fell st:; reward.
LOST— A brown purse with a Bum of money.
Return and receive a good reward. 11»
_Fcurth st. -¦«.;.
LOST — Peart opera-glass handle. Suitable re-
ward if returned to 1S52 Geary st.
rOH Z.IHE.
cT"a?~McNKILL LAUNCH CO., foot of- Clay
st.; for pi ".1 mi re and business; tel. Bush 534..
J. Mfihaelll launch Co..Union-st Wharf: boat-
tn«r .^ excursions. ' K Steuart St.: tel. John 2686.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
-from irregularities consult me; my methods
•ere painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
' VICE FREE; J7 >ears" experience in all f«-
rr.ale dlsordere: call or write. DR. WHITE.
70- Market tt.. rcorn* 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
. complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 80 year*' «xpenence. 826 Post *t.
MKS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008H Market «t. opp. 5th.
vXlPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pill-
sold ; crfee $2 50 by express. Pasteur' »
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. . ' •
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— Al> who ari «lck or
In' trouble consult this specialist on femala
complaints : positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, above Van Ne«s— Ex-
pert In cbstetHcs, female complaint-; Inst.
• relief: treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yrs. ex.
DR. a~nd MRsTdavTES and HINDOollERBS:
original .nethod of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES' irregularities cured; IS year** ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 210 Kearny st.
.LADIES— Kumround; safe,- «ure, never fall*;
S2. Gleahon-Ruggleg Drug Cc.ICearny St Clay.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
rremiFe?. U permanently located at 511A
.ii Leavenworth St.. bet^ Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. ROSEN resides 2!»5 Folsom *t. corner
¦ 2flth:-l»dl»w.l rrtlef or no- fee:' $10.
'-r- MUSTtf&l/ INSTRUMENTS.
AA A A A-~FI?«> : assortment of second-hand up-
rights from $40 up. Including such makes as
Chickertng. Vose. Stelnway. Steck. Knab*.
¦ Mathusbek. Sterling. Curtaz. Erard and
many others on easy pa>ment*. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 10 O'Farrell »t.
PIANOS for rent: $3 per month; the largest
and beet ctock In San Francisco to select
from: ptanos from $-(0 upward; our lln- the
b«?st, our prices the lowest. TCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. ?)ttO-(i4 Hr.ye* st.
A FI8CHBR upright piano for sale; gond as
new ; $135. .37 Oeary st.
AT firewood prices; unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Whltehead'ft storage/163n Mkt.
$00 FOn a fine upright. If you want a bargain
rail at HORNUNO'S, 21fi McAllister.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $S5.
STATHAM. 110 McAllister «t.
SO11-IER. Kyron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. HYI1ON MAUZY. :WS-312 PoBt st
$1C5 — 8TKINWAY upright: private party: no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Oeary *t-
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHM1TZ & CO.. 16 McAllister Bt.
3-P-DAL Stelnway iip; Chlckering baby grand;
Fhcnlnger. little us«d. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market nt., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 P. m. '
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
IiOlLERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 103-1U7 Kremont «t.
DOES YOUR KOOK LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; In roll* easy to lay;
need, no painting or Coating; good over old
iron, tin or ehinglts; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market at
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc. bought sold,
' rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. K. WHITE MCHV. CO.. 130-1-3 Btfale st.
PAINT your old And new metal and *hlngl»
reefs with Asbestos Roof Paint; cuaraiTteed
to step all ieaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front tt.: tel Main 1428. .
A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orlg.
lual Misfit Clothing Parlora. _::s Kearny it..
near Bush: open to 0 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS. «ells or rent* gear machinery, en-
¦ gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WH1TKLAW. 253-255 Spear *t.
FOR sale at ft bargain — A' square Weber piano
In good condition. Apply or address 2328
Eagle ave., Alamcda. ..
GENTS' full dress. Prince ""Albert and Tuxedo
tults to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BRQS., .5
• Stockton «t. '
DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry for sale on
*r_all weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton at.,
upstairs.
ALTERATION "sale — Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st. near
I Pine; open to 0 p. m.; Sunday* to noon.
TRY our men'< shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair:
foot-form shoes nt $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid. ; catalog free.
FOR sale— 30-ton gasoline eloop. H. SULLI-
VAN, 2S Rltch st, S. F.
FINE old violin and fine case, cost $150; for
wale cheap at 511 Taylor at.
EVERLASTING s'gns, letters, numbers: only
makers In State. BAKER'S. 21 Spear »t.
8AFES and desks: new and second-hand; pric**
right at Richardson Bros'.. 1816 Market st.
ONE solitaire blue-white diamond ring, about
1% karats, $1S5. 10 Sixth st.
, BEST white load 7c per pound: to painter*
leg*. BUTCHER, 741 Mission st
• AWNINGS, tfnte.new, second-hand. 8UN TENT
& AWNING CO..42 Spear »t.; tel. John 648(1.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT &. AWNING Co.,35 Mkt.Tel.Buah S53.
PIGEONS— All the leading varieties ; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest - edition, 31
vols. KING'S. 61 McAllister at., nr. Market
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Baclgalupl,
moved ' to 7SG Mission st
ROUND camping - tents for sale; cheap; • some
new; lCxlO. 310 Third «t. ; tel. Main 413. \;.- v
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes, ALEXANDER A CO., 110 Montg'y.
SAFES and cash 'registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market «t
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.,- cheap. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HSR-
; MANN 8AFE CO., 3C7 Battery «.
__B_________M_H___I_ 4I__ ._r__JMSM?-_^i-«M___M. . J*__ » -Will* EhKK-B I
MT«rrcLLAM2OU!l FOR SALK Cow
SECONDnTAND sealskin*, old gold and dia-
monds bought: send postal; wilt call. New
Municipal Loan Office. 617 Washington st
FOR sale— 12- ton schooner yacht Flyaway; 45
ffet long. Address C. C. MORTON, steamer
Arabs. F-Itpn Iron Work*.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns. *ale. rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post *t
SAFES— New nnd second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market «t ¦
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launcbea;
all sliea. . J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont «t
¦ ailSC^ELLAXEOUS I WAXTS.
BIG^prices Ipald for old gold, *ealakln*, dia-
monds gents' full dress suit*, etc.; »end
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 24
Stockton st ¦ - -
A— MORRIS gives -highest prices for ladles* *
gents' casteff clothing; postal. 943 FoUom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoft clothing. T-l.
Davis 825: 650 Sacramento at. ¦
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth «t ; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. IX
McCarthy Co.; 782 Mission: phone Bush 467.
mossy to loan.
aXC^heKman ""murphy.
60I-C02-603 Examiner bulldln».
Quick settlements; no disappointment*.
• Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. ¦
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN *
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2.1 or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
Location, etc.
Box 400. Call of flce^
A— EASY PAYMENT LOANS.
We will make strictly confidential loan on
your piano, furniture or security of any kind;
this ia a trust company; our system gives
you cheaper rate. !onge.r time and more
money than any one else in .city; liberal ad-
vances made to salaried people on their notes;
don't fall to see us. ILLINOIS TRUST CO..
rm. 10, Ph?lan bldy., Market and O'Farrell.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453, Parrott bldg.
AAA — Interest 6 per cent (read Sunday papers).
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK
...City Oakland, Town. Country Property...
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (city agents).
107 ->• Crocker building— Post-Market sta.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry- Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskin*
and A'alunbles; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 StockU-n: phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldg.
i THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upotair*), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 p»r cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
CONFIDENTIAL loans to salaried people: dia-
monds, other securities. Ruom 336. Phelan
building. 5th floor. «
1 PMR cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; ¦?-"> up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest: gold, silver,
* diamonds, pearl* and precious atones bought
at W. J. HSSTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103H Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MONEY- loaned fcn' salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insuranct policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st._
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
1 PER cent -on furniture or piano. 1C03 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
1% PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 61C Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CAt-H loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. 0<iO Examiner building.
OFFICES AX I) STORES TO LET.
HOWARD lOfiO — Store, v.lth room*; fine place
for l.uslness; rent $10.
PERSOXALS.
A SUIT or overcoat. Including one extra pant*
free, made to order for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready made li you can get bar-
ealr.8 like this? Agent wanted. LEON
LEMOS, 1127 Market et. bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. ItOWELL'S Fire of Life, a *ure cure for
rheumatism. paralyslJ, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sor* throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by KOWRLL & BROWN, 32 Turk «t.. S. F.
THE Ftar Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Us growth, utops falllng,cur«s dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or. stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,1333 Polk.
IF thl* meets the eyes of ELLEN MURPHY or
any one knowing her, who landed here In 1SR0.
will confer n. favor on J. MURPHY by ad-
dressing 1244 Howard et., San Francisco.
Cancerous lumps, sore*. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth. • bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, U2H Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
•^VITAL ring"- produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drain*, varlcocele,
etc.; easily won.: $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary, S.F.
RAG carpets wove to order ana for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portiere*; dealer In
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 700 Fifth st, Oakland.
AT lees than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furntture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post et. near Powell.
GO to "The Launston," 110 Eddy st, for nice,
N quiet rooms and low prices.
ALL my friends are welcome at my new sa-
loon. 640 Commercial st J. I. AZEVEDO.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers,U70 Market
TATLOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, con Bush and Dupont
Actina restores lost eyesight; cureR deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3524 10th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric' needle specialist 369 Sut-
ter, r. €09. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'8 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
~~~ ™~™ PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. -510 Eddy st; phone Polk 4611.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 616
Taylor St., near Geary. Phone Black 561.
__ .^rc_rTJ£ ¦; ¦
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 632 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence
1021H Market at, bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal dUease* a specialty.
DR. BALL. 107314 Market »t
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor; i
treat* all diseases of the human body: for
past : four years at 116-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at fin (ieary Bt., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cure* all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington «t.
DR. WONG HON. 819 Powell et. tea and herb
tanltarium; diseases skillfully treated.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
„¦ eases cured by Chinese bcrba. 740-8 Clay ct.
- ' .-. SPECIALISTS^ ¦ ¦ ..: :' •; '>. •
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR_
positively cured;'new methods; 1 week's treat-
, went free. Dr. Cottlnf ham. 804 Sutter »t • : 1
; HRLP WAXTKO — FETKALK— Co_.
! WANTED— German or Scandinavian cook, nice
country hotel. $40; cook, small boarding-
nous* city, $30; cook for men, $30; German,
: l-rench or Scandinavian cook, no wash,
fcanta Clara County, $30; neat girl, general
housework, San Mateo. $30; cook for 10
children. $25; Protestant second girl. $25;
Catholic, care for Invalid, $20; 8 waltre»gea,
city and country hotels and resorts, $25 and
$U0» cook and second girl, same house, $30
and $_3; nurse. $20; German girl, housework,
Berkeley. $_5; 19 girls, general housework,
city and country, nice place* $20, $25. $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
A— WANTED— Olrl* to learn _airdre_»lng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 week*; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
•Ittons to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed «.t $10 per week up: leading achool In
We«t- 233 Geary t.. room 13.
A — GIRL to learn millinery now for fall *ea-
eo_; both season* taught from atari to finish
In 1 month for $15; position' as trimmers,
talesladte*. etc. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
d*y and evening clas*. 143 Stockton Et.. r. 13.
Hairdresplng. manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $5 2
wks; day. eve. class; positions tecured, highest
wages. Removed from 1236 Mkt to 133 Powell.
GERMAN girl for upstairs work at Alte.nheim.
Frultvale; wagee $25. 408 Front *t S. P.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hopa In August.
Write E. Clemens Hor»t 122 Battery *t. S.F.
A~BRANCH cf flee of The Call for the reception
cf advertisement* and subscriptions has been
opened at. IOCS Market *t. opposite Fifth.
Opec until 11 p. m.
U_LP WASTED MALI..
! AT C. R. HANSEN 4: CO.'S Employm't Office.
4-9 Bush Et. 642 Clay St
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Hotel clerk, country hotel 1 $60
Head waiter, summer resort $' r >0
Combination cook. R. R. house, free fare.f65
2d rook. $60; waiter, $30; country hotel.
Walter, springs $25
8 waiter* $25
Icecream maker ..: $35 board
All-around butcher, country $a5 found
Pantryman, make ealads. resort, fare paid, $25
Painter, city institution $S5 found
Cook, company board' g-house, party here,$«0
Man to clean paint, private family, $2 day
Night watchman $20
NEVADA Government Work NEVADA
4 rough carpenters . ..$2 day found
100 laborer* and teamster. $2, $2 25
5 rough carpenters, near city $4 day
Granite stonecutter $4 50 day
Farmers, milkers $35 found
Quarryman, who can cut dimension rock,
$2 60 day.
C R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employm't Office,
429 Bush St. 642 Clay St.
AT the California Employment Agency,
14 Third st, nr. CaJl bldg.; phone Bush 406.
United States Government work.
60 teamsters and laborers. $2 to $2 23 day.
$10 OS fare. Florence, Ariz. Fare. $10 06.
SAWMILL CREW.
Gang edgerman. uce boss here, $60 found.
6 laborer*, pile lumber, $10 found.
Beard pulier, $45 & month and board.
2 tail edgermen. $40 a month and board.
2 second trtmmermon. $40 month and board.
1 off bearer, $40 a month and board.
!•> lumber pliers. $H5 to $40 and board.
2d baker, country ehop. $4? and found.
<"ook hotel, near city. $50 found.
Elevator boy, city, $25 month.
Boy for randy store, city, $7 week.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 14 Third jt.
20 WOODSMEN. $40 to $65 and board; potil-
tryman and wife. $50; pqultryman. $30;
teamster for lumber company, $2 '50 day:
carpenter*. $4 day;, tiniber-faller, $i50 and
board; 2 crosscut sawyers, $40 and board;
blacksmiths. $2.50 day and board; 2 black-
smith's helpers. $30 and $35 and bnard; por-
ter and warehouseman. $50; carriage, setter, .
$65 and found and others. J. F. CROSETT
6 CV.. e28 Sacramento st.
COOK and wife, $90 and found: first -class
baker and short order cook. $<X> and found,
butler. $45 and found; 2 hotel cooks, $C0 and
$75; fry cook, $14 week; b«ker, country
chop. $12 and found: hotel waiters, t'Z» and
$:;<) and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
£acr_mento «t.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
*542 Commercial St.. near . Kearny.
Phone Bush 83X JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
3 carpenters, company work, «te_dy position*,
*97 00 to $120, cheap fare; 10 lumber pliers".
$H> and found: 15 laborers,- pipe and telephone
gang. $15 and found.- south; head- -donkey
man: ft crossrufWtwyers; rh<*«p ¦f_re;'4jO*and
found: 3 fellers _2 trirnmermen. 5 mlllmen,
lumlwr company; "5 roustabouts, sawmill.
?"._•'•" and found; swampers, woods. $10 and
found ; fanners.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
F. M. GUNN. ¦ «;« Commercial *t
Phone Main 11H1. 5 doorn from Kearny.
This Ik the office to get straight business
and Jnbs as represented. If you want to go
to Aritona, Nevada or on the Clark Railroad,
rail «nd"sw u« and get f.acts.
We are alen shipping to 'the sawmills, $.".0
to $J>O a month and found. Steamer sail* to-
day. Woodchopperts and other help wanted.
AT CONTRACTORS'~AGENCY\
DS Third St. Telephone Main 5521.
.Arizona; laborers. $2; fare, $10 50.
Southern California: teamsters. t_; fare $4 62.
Camp bl_r_«mlth. $3; come early.
Camp cook. $70: Nevada; Government work.
Nevada, ship to-day; laborers, $2; teamsters,
$2 25.
Pipe line, south: laborer*, $2 25.
HORD & SMITH.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. "
6u2 Clay St. - Phone James 2476.
Nevada. Government work. Nevada.
Teamster*, drillers and laborers wanted; full
fare refunded in ten days.
2ft Italian laborers. $2 <1ay»
10 Greek laborer*. $2 day.
2*> pipe line men. $2 25 day.
Sawmill and planing mill men wanted.
A MAN and wife for gentleman's country
place: must have references: wages $50.
CaM after 0 a. m., MISS PLUNKETT, 423
Sutter st.. near Powell.
BRIGHT boy wanted for office of manufactur-
ing establishment: must be graduate of gram-
mar school, resjde with parents in San Fran-
cisco; references required. Box 1175, Call.
SALESMAN wanted for curtain and drapery
department. Apply Superintendent's office,
the Emporium. • • .
WASTED — A strong boy to carry fall paper
route. See prctsroom of The Call at 4 a. m..
route 20.
A PHYSICIAN wanted in thriving town: will
turn over practice ar.d Introduce practitioner.
_Box 117C. Call office.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and pushT a
rood talker, eager to make mon;y. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 478. Parrctt tulldlng.
BARBER shop for sale — An old-established 2-
chalr ehop; easy payments. 1C08 Devlsadero
«treet.
YOUNO rough carpenters. 1700 San Jose ave.
Take Gucrrero-st. cara.
BOY wanted; 18 year* eld. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 Ellis at.
WANTED— Man to make Icecream. Ill La7-
kin st.
WANTED — Doctor's boy; 16 years or over.
Call 1 to 3. room 201. 1.184 Market *fc
WANTED— Blacksmith helper. 537 Brannan
Street. ' ' , ,-;
MAN -handle territory; steady employment;
pays good money. 1118 Market tt.. room 1. ]
STEADY, sober man .help around restaurant; '
make himself generally useful. $03 Mission.
BARBER «hop for sale clearing $25 prr week;
rent $8. 3147 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED — Eduoated gentleman who has good
knowledge ':! cyclopedia*; $1200 per year;
reference* "Tr.iulred.
UNIVERSITY SOCIETY, box 21OT. Call.
BARBERS — Good shop In best country town In
the State for tale: 3 chair* and baths; i;ood
p!de business. DECKELMAN BROS.. 10S
¦ Ellis st.
WANTED- 250 men to know that "The Best"
lodging house 1* the cleanest and most com-
1 fortable In the city; all new; 10c to 23c
007 California «t. near Kearny.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for;
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
- logue giving particular*. Pacific Correspond -
ence Institute, Grant bldg.. 1095 Market at. j
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, ha*
added 100 new room* to the Denver House,
217 Thlr- »t; 250 room*; 23 to 60c prr night.
SOBER, handy, elderly German or Frenchman;
wlnehouse; noroe experience tending bar;
• most state city reference*. Box lOStf, Call.
BARBER chop In city; very desirable location;
running X chairs steady and 1 extra; can' be
bought' at bargain. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
BARBERS — Good chance to buy a first-clans
2-chalr shop cheap; owner leaving city. Box
3372. Call ,
WANTED— DentUt— Good extractor; good rap-
. Id crown . and bridge workman. Schlffman
Dental Co.. Lo* A--»Ie», Cal. •
IIAIOHT teach'e* you the barber trade and
l*ay*. you wage* while learning. 'Call at
Halght'* Barber College. 647 Commercial st
WANTED— Two plaster caster*. F. J. RILEY
&. CO.. 018 Hampshire •_ (
B^AV^^STAT^^^jr—^n SAVE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63. MARKET ST.
$25,000— Entire block of land facing the
Ocean Beach boulevard; were this property
subdivided 'into building lota a handsome pront
could ' be made.
$20,000— Pacific «t., east of Kearny, 46x137:6
feet, with .-story brick building thereon; rent-
ing for $150 per month.
»17,6Oo— Rent. $l»_0 per annum; 8 brand
new tlats, 5 room* and bath; are strictly mod-
ern and substantially built; mortgage of $%u«
can remain; beautiful neighborhood; close to
D'Jboce Park.
$16,000— NE. corner of Jones at, overlook-
Ing the bay, Alcatras Island and Marln Coun-
ty; 4 substantial 2-atory basement bouse* of
10 room* and bath each; total rent $113 per
month. . -
$12,600— Hyde st, near 8-tter; fine key lot
with a .-etory residence containing 10 room*
and bath; rent $60 per month. 1
$12,000— North Beach investment; Filbert st..
near Mason: 4 fine flats. 0-6 rooms and bath;
rear house of 7 rooms; rent $95 per month;
lot 40:6x137:6 feat.
$12,000— SW. corner of Ninth it.; store and
flat*; rents $71 60 per month.
$6500—2 new modern flat* of 6^0 room* and
bath; finished basement with 4 rooms; also
finished attic of 2 rooms; rent very low at
$77; Page at., near the Golden Gate Park.
$8000—3 new flat* of 6 rooms and bath:
built less -than six month*; Capp st, near
Twenty-fifth.
$6500 — A business corner on Twentieth at.
Improved with a flnt-clasa store, occupied as
a grocery (tore; flat* above containing tt room*
and bath; rang* In the kitchen; large base-
ment; brick foundation: also 'stable and loft
for horses; rent $B0 per month; thla property
easily worth $7500.
.$5050 — A handsome 2-story residence con-
taining 6 rooms and bath, laundry, eto. ; beau-
tiful garden prettily laid out; house stand*
elevated so a* to command an unsurpassed
view; granite steps and bulkhead: only one-
quarter of a block from Alamo Square.
$5260— Cottage "on Oak at. 6 rooms and
bath; one room In basement and one In attic.
' $4400 — The cheapest Rat* that have ever
been offered for sate In the Mission: 2 mod-
ern, sunny fiats of 5-6 rooms and hath; all
large sunny, rooms; cozy style of architecture;
permanently rented for $40 per month; should
bring $50.
$3i)00 — Pine *t. near Webster; cottage of 5
room*; renting for $21.
$3760— Positively the most beautiful cottage
in the Mlstion: Twenty-third *t: contains 7
rooms and bath; also finished attic; $2200
mortgage; would easily rent for $50 per month.
$3600 — A new cottage with 5 rooms and bath
on Twenty-second st.
A FEW PICK UPS IN BUSINESS LOT^,
WHICH ARE ABSOLUTELY SACRIFICES,
$5250— Sutter tt. east of Steloer; 27:6x
137:6 feet.
$2600^ — Broderlck *t, south of Grove; 2tt-feet
frontage.
$2500 — SB. cor. on the Ocean Beach boule-
vard. 100x107:6 'feet in depth; the most de-
sirable site for a roadhou»e; easily worth
$3750.
$1000 each — McAllister ct, near Masonlo
ave.; 3 fine building lots.
11250 — Desirable building lot on Seventeenth
St.. near Hattle; street work all done; sew-
ered and ready for building.
$10<iO — NW. corner on Twelfth a-e., 67:6-
100 feet.
$300 each — Fifteenth ave.. near C *t; two
' lota; owner compelled to sell.
$400 each — South of the park district; two
first-class lots, well" situated: will become
valuable ere long; purchase these and deed
them to the lltt> ones; only 2 left; owner
must sell.
$250 each — Two fine lot* in the Mission dis-
trict; Gift Map No. S; well situated: with a
positive future.
$123 — Building lot; near the ocean: couth of
the Park.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
63S Market at
1 __________________________________________
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638- MARKET STREET
GRAND AUCTION SALE
EXTRAORDINARY.
5J00— VILLA LOTS— SCO.
.100— VILLA LOTS— 300.
300— VILLA LOTS— 300.
AT
FRUITVALE.
FRUITVALE.
FRUITVALE.
Sale to take place Saturday, June 25, at 2
p. m.. on the property bounded by Redwood
road. School and Davis streets.
The Frultvale Addition will be *old positively
without reserve or limit Lots averaging 60x150
feet.
Most liberal terms of credit Only one-quar-
ter cash. Balance 6-12-19 months.
LABOR IN THE CITY AND SLEEP IX THE
COUNTRY.
HALF-HOURLY TRAINS.
COMMUTATION ONLY $3.00 PER MONTH.
Remember the date. SATURDAY. JUNE 25.
Broad Guace boat transferring to the Broad
Gauge Southern Pacific Railroad to Frultvale.
For further particular* apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGB * CO..
638 Market street
SPECK A CO.
200 MONTGOMERY ST.,
2l» MONTGOMERY ST.,
209 MONTGOMERY ST..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
SELLING. LEASING.
RENTS COLLECTED. INSURANCES
$50,000-— Larkin-st. business corner; 87 :« front-
age: stores and lodging-house; leased
and p-ying 6 per cent net.
$46,000— Vicinity Bush and Kearny; store* and
three floors above; brick building; lot
fronts 35 feet; rents $265.
$33.000--Howard et.. near Third; 60x160; S000
square feet; key lot and two frontages:
this lot on Third *t would be worth
$ioo,eoo.
$.5,000— Corner: new building; rents $224; lot
38:6x100. /
$21,000— Larkin-st. business corner; lot 33 feet
frontage: rents $1SOO annually.
$20.000— Polk-st. business property; 2 store*
and lodging-house: lot 30x95; rents $145;
$10,000 bank mortgage can remain.
$1S,5OO— Post st; lot 62:6x124; 2 frontages;
very good improvements; rents $140.
$1S,500— Ellls-st. bargain; near'Larkln; three
houses; lot 27:6x120; two frontages;
$9000 bank mortgage can remain.
$13,500— Lot 55x90; 4 substantial houses; key
• property to Valencia St.: rents $106.
$12,600— Three magnificent flats; Halght *t;
rents $120; lot 25x137:6.
$11,000 — Corner Seventh *t; 65 feet frontage;
fine building site.
$8,500— Two *tore* and four flats: corner north
of Market st.: 4S:B frontage; yearly
rents $006; paying 11>4 Per cent.
$5,600 — New building, store and flats; close to
Fourth and Howard: rents $570 per>an-
num: $2250 bank mortgage. 6 per cent,
can remain; tenant makes repairs; pay*
• 12 per cent net.
$5.000— Mission business corner; 8 stores; rents
$430 yearly; lot 43xS0.
RESIDENCES.
$15,000 — Californla-st residence. 12 rooms and
bath: lot 30x117:6: choice block.
$0,000 — Splendid home; 9 room* and bath;
lot 30x117:6; $6000 mortgage can re-
main.
$1,600— Four-room cottage; lot 27:0x100; Mis-
sion warm belt
CHOICE LOTS.
$3,000— Broadway; north side and beat resi-
dence block; unobstructed view; lot
27x137:6.
$4,000— Market-st. lot. 25x100: adjoining cor-
ner lot Improved with $45,000 building.
BALDWIN l_~H0WEI__i 23 Post at
¦
5 5 ,;., j
¦'|»f^w'|w <> | Alw ."P
Bf<Qf\OWf\Y 5T
' Choice marine view lots on north side <st
Broadway, west of Scott st. ; sold to close an
estate. Particular* at office.
$4,100 — Dupont-st. corner; house of 12 room*;
- lot 77:6x60.
$2,760— Bryant st., near 1st; lot 28x80; 2
buildings; rent* 726-
$6,600— 1st st. near Folsom: lot 45:8x69:9: 2
flat* and cottage; rent* $46.
$0,700— Broadway, near Leavenworth; rent*
$58 per month: 2 flats and rear house.
v $3,600— Reduced from $4000; rent* $42 per
month; 4 flats; double frontage; 2
streets, near 3d st; big bargain.
$11,600— Broadway corner: lot 2Sx62:6; rent*
$80 per month; brick and frame building.
$5,600— Downtown property; key lot: on Jack- 1
son st: bouse of 9 room* and ba£h:
rent $45. ¦
$3.000— Only $1500 cash, balance $30 per
month; new marine vtew residence; on
4 Nth ave.. fronting the ocean; lot 25x
120. ¦
$5,000 — Business property on Castro st, near
Market; store with living rooms; flat
of 6 room* and bath above; rents low
at $37 50; bargain.
$4,250 — Cottage on Jersey st, near Diamond;
0 room* and. bath; lot 28:8x114.
$2100—2 NEW 4-room and bath cottage* on
two big lots, one block from the San Bruno
electric car*: ea»y term*. OSCAR HEY-
MAN. 14 Poat »t. .
$2700— NEW cottage of 5 rooms, bath and
high basement; modern and complete; 31:3
Day st. ; can arrange term* ; owner at 1125
Harri-on st. ; ¦¦
FREE homeatutd presented by Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. 8e«
J. E. GORDON, CSS Crosaley bids., 2:30 to 5
>. m. d*lly.
HF.LP WASTED — W.U.B — Continued.
MURRAY & READY, phone Main BS48.
634 and 036 Clay st; 5848 phone Main.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1003 We Gave MKM We Hope t<-
CO.COO Men Work. Increase 60,000.
Spanl-h — German — French,
Italian — Swiss — Greek.
NEVADA STATE— 8 HOURS.
Government Work — Free Fare.
SC5 teamsters, $2 to %'l 60 day.
Drillers, hammermen, etc., $75 to $90. , ¦
Special ehipment of one passenger car to-day.
¦ ,V3 ARIZONA— FLORENCE— ARIZONA.
• " 1050 MILES — $10 50.
2 special passengers daily over Santa Fe.
2355 men wanted. .,
Drillers, rockmen, teamsters, laborers, eta,
$2. $2 50. $3 to $3 50 day.
SOUTH— 40fl MILES— $4 06— SOUTH.
KA teamsters, you'll suit, $60.
TO THE LUMBER.
65 laborers, no experience needed, $60; ox
teamster, $50 fd. ; head donkeyman, $60 fd.;
2 carriage setters; 10 Scandinavian laborers,
sawmill co., $60; screw turners, hook tend-
ers, edgermen, logger who understands rig-
ging. $00 f d. ; shingle packers, cutoff sawyers,
moliler, sticker hand, cutoff sawyer run bor-
ing machine, $2. ,
* CARPENTERS— CARPENTERS.
3 carpenters, plain work, fare 30c. $3 50 day.
Carpenters. C. C. Co., fare $1, $2 day and fd.
Carpenter, ranch Job, fare $1. $40 and found.
OTHER TRADESMEN.
18 horseshoers, all round blacksmith* and
helpers, city and country Jobs $4. $3 60, $3.
$2 60 day.
4 wheelwrights, different Jobs, $3 to $4 day.
Sticker hands, $4.
18 coopers, slack work, north and south.' • V
9 sash and door hands, $3 to $3 50 day.
4 plumbers, $4 day.
193 WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKERS.
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIES.
83 laborers for mines. $40 and $30 and fd. '
' IS drillers, no fare to pay, $67 50.'
LABORERS. TEAMSTERS.
93 scraper _nd wagon teamsters, $2 25 a day. '
164 laborer*, all over California, some in- San
Francisco, $2 and $2 50 a day.
HAY AND HARVEST HANDS.
01 haymakers, all over State, $1 50 day fd.
38 harvest hands, sack sewers, pitchers, etc..
$2 a day and found.
2 farm hands. Mendoclno County, $30 and fd.
IS teamsters, extra good jobs, $1 50 and $2 a ,
day and found.
DAIRYMEN. STABLEMEN.
64 milkers, extra goods Jobs I come see; $35,
$40 and found.
6 butter-makers, 2 cheesemakers. $40, $50 fd.
19 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $75, $6'),
$35 and found.
48 choremen and boys, different Jobs, $35
and $30.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MARRIED.
COOK and wife. 15 men. mine, fare $3. $40 fd.
Milker and wife. Northern Cal., $30 andfd.
4 farmers and wives. $50, $C0, $70 and fd.
MURRAY.*: READY. 634-038 Clay St.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
TAMALE maker. $40 and found. ;
12 cooks, different placM. J.10 to $65 and fd.
9 waiter*, different places. $30 to $40 and fd.
27 dishwasher*. $25. $30, $. Y 55 and found.
Porters, bell and elevator boys, pantry men.
MURRAY &. READY, 634-C36 Clay et.
LAfNDRY.
MARKER, country laundry, $15 week.
Ironer. fare $1. $12 week.
Mangle hand, fare $1. $10 week.
Plasterer, country job. $4 day.
Bench hand, planing mill/$-'l day. ¦
MURRAY & READY. t£i-S3.6 Clay st.
LATE SPECIALS.
SAWMILLP.
20 LABORERS for sawmill, no experience
reeded.
Plasterer. Marln County. $4 day.
Butcher, email country shop, $30 and found.
4 carpenters, rough work. Nevada, $60 found.
20 laborer* and teamsters. Nevada, free fare.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay *t.
10 MACHINE miners: gold mine; $90.
Bookmaker; by contract.'
Bow; woedsn>*n. north. Rfe bess here SW fd.
Blacksmith helper, city Job. $2 to $2 50.
Marker, leundryman, Tuolumne. $15 week.
Man end wife, cook, small mine. Bee boss
here. - ¦
4 butchers, country shops. $35 to $40 found.
PLANING MILL AND BOX FACTORY.
6 young men or boys $2 day: bolter, lath-
mill, *$2 £5 day: lath man. $2 25 day: 2 tail-
off boys. $2 day: lath chuter. $2 doy; JO
. roustabouts. $2 day. ' "' v"'J V~"
2 offbearers. brickyard, couth,, $67 ZQ.S. > ¦*->,••
. « lumber" pilere, fare $4. fWK
3 lumber graders, northern mill. $3 day. "
•' Carpenter. *Ulrbullder. $4 f>0 day. . '..
;-»^3 earpent*n»," ranMi.'-farfv $40 found. '
Boss Here.'
. - 3 men to make 1 eha Res and vpllt --stave*, red-
wood, large firm, bops here, $30 found.
• 'lief cook, ran-.p. $110 found.
MURRAY & READY. <m and 636 Clay »t.
SPECIALS. ~~
CARPENTERS
4 carpenter* to build barns and sheds, lum-
ber eomiuiny. $75.
Blacksmith, Alameda County. $3 day.
2 painters, city, $2 50 day.
Gang edcrman, sawmill, $75.
LOOK!
Teamster, city factory. $2 50 day: watch-
man. hiUel, $2(5 fd. : bartender, city saloon.
$25 fd. : -+fSrne«s cleaner, city stable. $75;
nurse, city institution; 6 teamsters, city; 4
laborers, factory.
AGAIN.
Meat-cutter, packing house, city. $15 week;
srrond cork. mine. $40 fd.: waiter, mine,
$_."i fd.; man and wife, country roadhouse,
fare rmld. *4.-> fd.
BOOKKEEPER TALLYMAN
Bookkeeper, timekeeper, email lumber com-
pany, see boss here. $50 fd.
Tallyman. lumber company $40 fd.
MURRAY &• READY, »«4-<J3O Clay St.
~~~~™ "' " ALL "
Men to learn tie BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required; positions **cured: con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEUK. C35 Clay st.
TRY our mc-n'n shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoos at S2 CO; we pay
exprecs or mall charges. 11 3d et. Exam. bid.
TO tailors — Pants and -vest makers wanted.
Apply at 111 Turk *t. ¦ .
BOY to carry bread and help on cakes. Pio-
neer Bakery, Clay and Mason sts.
GOOD country hotel barber shop; near city;
low rent; cheap. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
BARBER shop for sale cheap. Inquire H.
BEARNAD, 104 Seventh st.
BARBER shop; 2 chairs; In Vallejo: must sell
at sacrifice. STOLTZ. 723 Market St.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap] Ap-
ply Call office.
BARBER ehop for sale: $50. 1301 Mission st
WANTED — A few good solicitors; steady em-
ployment. Apply room« 43-44, 850 Market.
A profltnble outing: pick hop* in August. Writ*
E.CLEMENS HORST CO.,122Battery et.S.F.
LABOR debtp collected: suits, attachments.
Law nnd Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy, r. 415.
YOUNO man to learn barber trade; wage*
while learning. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS snd young -men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st
PENSION Atty..E. A, Bulll», r.40. Phelan bide.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas .Po*^ O. A. R.
; WINCHESTER Hotel. 44~ThIrd~st. near Mar^
ket— 700 room«; J15; night; reading-rooms;
free an! baggiige to and from ferry,
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan ft Church »t».
! A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* has besn
opened at 1()OS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL size* men's shoes, slightly, damaged, half
price. BCt Mission Kt.. bet. 1st and _d ets.
GKT your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
t» 60c. 503 Mls'lon Bt. bet. 1st and 2d *ts.
HORSES AND WACOXS.
FOR sale — Dark bay horee, finely bred, 16
hands, 8 years old; goea single or double;
iwund and gentle; not afraid of autos; price
$175. Private Stable, 3CC0 Washington «t.
BALL-BEARING pneumatic road wagon, too-
mey cart, tandem cart, extension- top sur-
rey cheap at O'BRIEN'S, Golden Gate ave.
and Polk st. . ,
PNEUMATIC tire, high arch road wagon, near-
ly new. Inquire J. O'KANE, 26 Golden Gate
ave. .-.-, -.-¦...-
FOR Wile— Pacing mare, $173; 7 year* old. very
fast;, gentle In every respect; safe for wo-
man to drive; will so double. For particu-
lars aflili (¦?• box SMJO. Call office. '
HANDSOME bay carriage team, - 16<i hand*
high; absolutely round; accustomed to city.
Inquire r. 30 Crocker bid.. W.E. DENNIS.
AUCTION sale ever^ Tuesday; ¦ horses, | wag-
ons, currey*. buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom «t
FINE river bottom paiturage; green feed year
round ; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 100 Stevenson, S.F.
T-AM horses, any work, $60; 6 hordes,, $15;
camp wagon, $18; express. 2728 Bryant at
A— FINE black saddle horee for sale. Inaulre
C05 Golden Gate ave. . ,
THE WANTS v^THEN USE ___. ADV ERTISEHENT IN THE QLLPeerlee s .... 13 60
Reed Crude 1 40 1 60
Senator GO 70
Sovereign 38
Sterling 2 60
Superior ..7. ...... 04 ....
Thirty-three S 25
Toltec 21 ....
Twenty-right 8 00
Associated Bonds .... 1 73 00
Kern Oil (new) SO
Wabash ; 25 30
Miscellaneous —
Tal Jock«*y Club 125 00
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 7 00
Fischer's Theater 65 = ft.*>
Northern <"al Power 10 75
Sanitary Reduction Works. .. 00 ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — .
200 Sterling, b 00 2 65
K00 Central Light & Power.. 4 00
1000 Independence 25
100 Oil <:ity Petroleum fitt
100 Monte Crlsto : • C8
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Kern Oil 4 SO
Street—
200 Northern California Power, b 2.. 1060
Mining Stocks. %
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE,
- Following were the gales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:.
Morning Session. ' ¦
100 Best & Belch.l 25| 100 Justice ....... 10
200 Bullion 18| 200 Mexican 1 35
. 100 Caledonia ... 70| 200 Ophir ........3 76
100 Crown Point. 351 100 Seg Belcher .. 0!>
400 Exchequer ... 371 000 St Louis 08
200 Julia ........ 07|
Afternoon Session. >' --jj
1000 Alpha ....... HI 100 Ophlr ........3 65
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
LIVERPOOL — Sailed June 22— Stmr Haver
ford for Philadelphia, via Queenstown; stmr
Teutonic, for New York, via Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived June 22^ — Stmr
Ccdric. ' from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded. .
HONOLULU— Sailed June 22 — Echr Esther
Buhne. for San Francisco; stmr Ventura, for
Sydney.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ISLAND PORTS.
EUREKA — Sailed June 22 — Stmr Phoenix,
for San Francisco.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. June 22.
Stmr laqua,' Jorcenson. 36 hours from San
Pedro. 1
Stmr M S Dollar, Gow. 86 day* from Cal
cutta, via Hongkong 28 days, via Kobe 22
da> *' DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
"No more strips will be shipped to
England," was the recent remark by
T. B. Auchterlonie of Liverpool, who
is an official of the American "tobacco
trust" and represents that concern In
England. "The export of tobacco strips
is practically at an end. The export
ers cannot afford to ship the stripped
leaf when the unstemmed leaf can be
entered at English ports six cents
lower. Leaf tobacco will be the thing
for export after this. And the North At
lantic ports will not lose the business,
either. The rate in that .direction is
ten cents a hundred higher, I will ad
mit, but ten cents a hundred pounds
on tobacco is nothing -in comparison
with the more rapid time which can be
made by the North Atlantic ports." —
New York Commercial.
Leaf Tobacco for Export,
The dispatch from St. Petersburg to
the effect that an epidemic of cholera
and typhoid is threatened at Harbin,
'the Russian military base in Man
churia, is surprising only by reason of
the fact that it was permitted to pass
the censorship.
What has been learned from experi
ence in former wars seems to be easily
forgotten. In the Crimea the French
lost 236 men from sickness to 64 from
wounds in each thousand. The death
rate of the English was 179 from sick
ness and 47 from wounds. In Mexico the
French lost, per 1000, 140 from sickness
and 49 from wounds. In the Russo-
Turkish war the Russians lost, per 1000,
113 from sickness and 49 from wounds.
The losses in the American Civil War
during two years, June, 1861, to June,
1863, were 53.2 per thousand, of which
8.6 were from wounds and 44.6 from
sickness. In the Boer war, while the
figures are not at hand in complete
form, it is well known that sickness
was vastly more fatal than Boer
marksmanship, deadly as that was ad
mitted to be. — New York Times.
Disease as n War Ally.
• German General Benevolent. Society (own
ers) with O. E. Brady & Son (contractors), ar
chitect Herman Barth — All work except plumb
ing and electric work for a two-story and base
ment brick building on block I bounded by Noe
Castro, Fourteenth and Thirteenth streets; $10,
1U9. - ' ... ¦ ¦ •,. v-" ..-;,.;...-.---.¦
Isaiah and Emma Leslie (owners) with R.
R«chenbach . (contractor), architect — All
work except excavating, concrete, plumbing,
painting, shades, mantels and Iron work for
alterations and additions to make a three-story
frame building on the W line of Vermont
Btreet, 100 N of Twenty-fourth, N 25 by 100;
$33C0.
Edward B. Hindes (owner) with Sartortus &
Co. (contractors), architect Newton J. Tharp —
Elevator fronts, grilles and elevator car for
nn eight-story and basement brick hotel on
S. line of Slitter street, 164:6 B of Taylor, E
60:» by S 137:6; $1CCO.
M. A. Gunst & Co. (Inc.) (owners) with L.
and E. Emanuel (Inc.) > (contractors), arehl
testa Henry II. Meyers and Clarence R. Ward —
Carpenter and cabinet work glazing, marble
tiling, metal grille*, painting, polishing, etc..
for a cigar store In Aronson building on " the
NW corner of Third . and Mission streets;
$4080.
ChristenFen and Shaw (owners) with • eame
contractore, architects Eame — Carpenter . and
cabinet work, marble tiling, glazing, painting,
polishing, etc, for saloon in Aronson build
ing, on Fame; $3915. •
Lus Cooper (owner) with Richard Lutge (con
tractor), architect Theo W. Lenzen — Seven steel
truss os with fourteen steel columns supporting
same and Betting same in position, also all steel
purlins for steel trusses and .supporting columns
lor a roof over building 55 by 82 In rear of 123
tnd 127 Mason street: $3940. .
Schmiedell estate (owners) with J. H. Keefe
(contractor), architect Nathaniel Blaisdell —
Painting, staining, varnishing, finishing, tint
io*r. eilex and whitewashing tor alterations and
additions- to make a six-story and basement
brick building on NK corner of Montgomery
and Clay streets. E 97:0 by N 68:9: $3190.
Carlo Lecarl (owner) with G. Massolettt &
Sons (contractors), architects Rousseau & Son
— All work for four three-story frame build
ings (flats) on lot on NW corner of Lombard
and Mason streets.- N CO by W 82:6; $2O.t5!»O.
Meyer A. Edwards (owner) with William
Linden (contractor), architects same — All work
for a two-story building (flats) on lot on S
line of Frederick street, 187:0 E of Cole. E
25 by S 137:6, Western Addition 078; $4400.
Frank -P. and Charles S. Jacobs (owners)
with John F. Rlley and Charles H. Hock (con
tractors), architects italfleld & Kohlberg — Ex
cavation, brick work/ concreto for alterations
of two two-story flat buildings on lot on S line
of Golden Gate avenue, 137:6 E of Larkin
street, E 43:9 by S 137:«: $3175.
Same owners with G. P. W. Jensen (contrac
tor), architects same — Carpenter work, house
ralslnz, mill work, plastering, plumbing and
glazing for same on same; $4374. -
Builders' Contracts.
Frederick Kwald to Jessie. Ewald. lot on E
line of Tenth avenue, 100 N of Q street, N 100
by E 120; gift.
Abraham C. Freeman to Glla Vega, lot on
N line of Fourteenth avenue, 75 W of R street,
\V 25 by N 100, 16t 28. block 262, O'Neil &
II. Tract: grant.
Same to Benito Garcia, lot on N line of
Fourteenth avenue. 60 W of R street. W 25
by N 100. lot 27, block 262. same: grant.
Perry J. and Emma G. Smith to Karl
BetBche. lot 15, block 4, subdivision No. 1
CaEtro-Btreet Addition; $10.
Alexander S. and Anna M. Tuchler to Mor
ris Sllversteln. lot on SE corner of Mansell and
University streets. E 120 by S 100, lot 8, block
123. University Homestead; $10.
Thomas M. Matthews, Harah M. Handy and
Katherine McClellan to William H. Bourke,
lots 90 to 08. Holllday map A; $10.
W. H. and May Bourke to J. E. Bourke, lota
on NE corner of Porter and Penton streets,
K 140 by N 225, lots 00 to 00, subdivision of
came; $10.
Nels M. and Carrie Matson to James Malone,
lot on N line of Sagamore street. 71:8 E of
Orizaba. E 40:8 by N 125, lot 6. block C, Rail
road Homestead Association; $10.
R. G. and Anna L. Clark (Corbett) to Adolph
Richter. lot on SW corner of Twenty-fourth
and Vermont streets. W 50 by S 100; $10.
Charles W. and Mary A. Pope to T., and
Mary E. . Paton. lot on S line of Clement
street. 44 E of Twenty-second avenue, S 100.
E 10:S. NW 101:3; $10.
W. H. and Carrie I. Barrows to John Farn
ham, lot on E line of Leavcnworth street,
112:8 N of Union. N 25 by E 70; $10.
Ethel Ross (minor, by guardian, vs. Meda
F. Frear, by rcfree) to John D. Spreckels, lot
on SW line of Third street, 120 SE of Market,
SE 25 by SW 75; $105,000.
Rose Teanoy to Isabelle McGlhbon, lot on
SK line of Minna street, 235 SW of Third,
SW 20 by SK 70; $10.
James McNabb to Joseph Sloss, lot on S
corner of Seventh and Townsend strtets, SE
275 by SW 275, quitclaim deed; $10.
Lillian J: and Evelyn R. and G. S. Ash
mead to Henry Brunner, lot on W line of
Bryant street, 100 N of Solano, N 100 by W
100: $10.
Otto and Dine Johnson to Saren C. and
Marie A. Andersen, Jot on N line of Duncan
street. 75 E of Church, E 26 by N 114; $10.
Isaac Moore to Ellen M. Moore, lot on S line
of Jersey ttreet 320 W of Castro, W 2tt:8 by
S 14; gift.
Ellen Ring to Mary E. Ring, lot on E line
of Stockton street, 25 S of Francisco, S 25 by
E 77:«; $10. .
George D. Shadburne Jr. to William R. and
Belle Z. Thompson, lot on N line of Hill
street. o0 W of Noe. W 25 by N 7S; $10
Eliza C. Herbert (wife of Frank) to John S.
McKee and Mackle E. Carroll, let on E line
of Dolores etreet, 66:8 S of Twenty-eighth, S
60 by E 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Ma
tllde Veiller, lot on N line of Washington
street. 183:4 E of Polk, E 45:10 by
N 127 :8U: $ .
Redmond W. Payne to Grace A. Payne, lot
on SW corner of Larkin and Lombard streets,
S 25 by W 105:9; gift.
City and County of Kan Francisco to Joseph
Rothschild, lot on W line of Van NeF« avenue,
4S S of Fell, S 21 by W S2:9, quitclaim deed;
$10.
George E. Tooker to Elizabeth F. and Ed
ward J. Duffpy, lot on E line of Tremont ave
nue. 267:'! S of Waller, S 25 by E 75; $10.
Charles We«twood to Domenlco Laurlcella,
same; $10.
Carrie S. Tousaln (Falrchlld) to Charles
Westwood. lot on. W line of Tremont avenue,
5S.'> S of Frederick street. S 25 by W SO; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to George
Schomer. lot on E line of Sanchez street,
284 :7U N of Sixteenth, N 25 by E 125; $ .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WEDNESDAY. JUNE 22.
The good old fashion of naming the
son after the father Is again being
largely followed in the case of the birth
of an heir. — London Mail.
The names of precious "stones are also
very popular for little girls. Lord Ed
ward Churchill's two small daughters
are called Rubyiand Beryl, while Dia
mond is the very uncommon name
given to the baby girl of Lady Har
dlnge, whose husband has lately been
appointed Embassador to St. Peters
burg. Pearl and Garnet are among
other stones of which the appellations
are taken for small maidens, the idea
being to call the little one after the
stone for the month in which she was
born.
Instead of the ugly silver christening
mug of the '70's, the most graceful cups
and vases are given. The guild of
handicraft is often called upon to exe
cute customers' own designs. A favor
ite pattern is the tall, simply curved
cup, studded with carbuncles, corne
lians, chrysopraaes and generally has
the infant recipient's name engraved
Just below the edee. -
With regard to names, the tendency
is to return to the quaint old titles of
our great-grandmothers', time, and
Gladys, Mabel or Gwendolen has been
replaced by Joan or Barbara, Margot
or Betty.
The youngest generation of to-day
shares the advantages with the elder
of the great improvements which have
been made in the realms of applied
art.
Names and ChristenJns: Presents.
100 Caledonia ... 6-1 500 Seg Belcher .. 08
100 Con C & Va.l 20 500 Sierra Nev ..36
500 Exchequer .. 39 200 Silver Hill ..64
500 Julia 07 :iOO Silver . Hill ..6.1
200 Mexican .'...-.1 10 000 Union Con .. 41
200 Ophir .;3 70 J
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were - the sales on the . Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha 11 200 Sierra Nev .. 88
300 Bullion 18 300 Sierra Nev ... 37
100 Caledonia ... 70 100 Sierra Nev .. 36
100 Caledonia ... 68 200 Silver Hill .. C5
200 Con C & V.I 22>4 100 Silver Hill .. 64
200 Justice ..16 60 Silver Hill .. 63
100 Ophlr 3 70 100 Union Con .. 43
100 Ophlr 3 75 200 Yellow Jacket. 22
- . Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia ... 63 200 Overman 22
100 Con C & Va.l 20 100 Seg Belcher .. OS
300 Justice 16 200 Sierra Nev . . 36
1V0 Mexican ...1 12% 200 Silver Hill ..65
100 Ophlr .3 70 500 Union Con .. 40
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. -
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
4600 MacNamara .49 1600 Ton Belmont. . 70
10CO MacNamara . 53 500 Ton Gold M. 18
100 Mont Ton.. 2 37% 2C0O Ton Gold M. 17
200 Mont Ton ...2 40 3500 Ton Gold M. 16
3100>Paymaster .. 07 500 Ton Midway.. 56
10O Ray & O'Brien 10 1200 Ton Midway.. 55
6150 Rescue 10 200 Ton Midway.. fS
100 Ton Belmont. < SO 150 Ton of Nev. 7 S7',i
Afternobn Session.
300 Esperanza ... 03 1 300 Ton Belraont. . 7S
1C00 Gold Anchor.. .".0 1S0O Ton Belmont.. 77
400 Little Ton ... 51 100 Ton Exten .. 92
11,500 MacNamara. 50 4500 Ton Gold M. 17 j
1100 MacNamara . 51 500 Ton Gold M. 18 i
500 MacNamara . 55 200 Ton Midway.. f>5 ,
60 Mont Ton ...2 40 400 Ton Midway.. 54
1600 Ray & O'Brien 07 600 Ton Midway.. 83
1000 Rescue ...... 11 170 Ton of Nev. ..8 00
16<X> Rescue ...... 10 150 West End ... 27 .
100 Ton Belmont. 79J i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, June 22— 4 'p. m.
_ . Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 00 10 Justice 16 17
Alta 04 0« Kentuck 03 04
Andes 12 13 Keyes Graes..- — 120
Belcher 23 24 Lady Wash . . ¦ — 06
Best & Belch. 1 25 1 30| Mexican 1 05 1 10
Bullion 17 18|Occldental ... 79 81
Caledonia ... 64 fiSJOphlr ........3 H5 3 70
Challenge Con 14- 15 Overman 22 23
Chollar 10 12 Potosl- 10 11
Confidence ... 90 1 05 Scorpion 15 17
Con O & Va.l 15 1 20 Savage IT 19'
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher .. 07 09'
Con NY.... 02 04 Sierra Nev .. 36 37 !
Crown Point. 11 12 Silver Hill ..64 66
East Sierra N 06 — St Loui* .... — 09
Kureka Con.. — 60 Syndicate 03 04
Exchequer . . 38 39| Union Con . . 40 42
Gould & Cur. 21 22|Utah ...'. 14 15
Hale & Norc. 71 75| Tellow Jacket. 21 23
Julia 07 08|
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. j Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 05| Rescue JO 11
Esperanza ... 03 04 Ton Belmont. . 76 78
Gold Anchor. 30 .'II Ton & Cal... 14 18
Gold M Con. — 02 Ton Kxten ..92 95
llannapah M. 25 — Ton & O W. — • 06
Jim Butler... 70 — Ton Gold M. 17 IS
Little Ton .. 51 61 Ton Midway.. — - 51
Lucky Tom.. — 03 Ton of Nev.8 00 8 12^S
MacNamara . 50 51|Ton N Star.. 33 35
Mont Ton.2 37% 2 42m Ton * Salt L — 80
Paymaster . . 0« 08 Ton Union . . 10 —
Ray/ Exten ..09 11 United Ton .. — 15
Ray & O'Brien 07 lowest End ... 27 30
Ray Ton ... — 17J i
All prizes of this company are paid in full
Immediately on presentation at the office of
the company in San Francisco. \
$10,000 reward will be paid to any person who
has ever presented one of our prizes at our of
fice and was refused payment. *
ORGANIZED MAT. 1900.
TO THE PUBLIC! BE"WARE OP COUN
TERFEITERS'! All genuine tickets of this
company have Initials R. G. Co. on faces and
monogram R. G. C. on backs thereof.
Following are the capital numbers as decided
by the Honduras National Company, Saturday.
June 18, 18<H: No. 19345. $7500. sold In San
Francisco, Cal.; No. 51685. $2000, sold In San
Francisco, Cal.: No. 5423, $-000. sold In San
.Francisco. Cal.; No. 45524, $500, sold in San
Francisco, Cal.; No. 77731, $250. sold in San
Francisco. Cal.; No. 80210. $260. sold in San
Dieso. Cal.
The Louisiana K. G. Company of San
Francisco.
No. PrlzelNo. PrlzelN". Prize
«1«4 24!61(iS7 16161803 1«
61076 24;«201S 'i^*?,"! \t
62180 1H;«S!2'J7 24;f2M>; . M
«2CH5«.... 801..2717 ltiC^M. M
62SW1..... 24.6iaS.-5 24 ,K 042 4t>
(«127 16fi330tt ISlESfi JA
64225 40|C4242 24;64^l ltf
64272 16'B4.!05 l«l«*»Jtf ]^
6464S 40M9M JSS?S V-
C4000 16(040^ JSSJH }2
C5170 24I8S2M 4« jjjKW 1«
6537S 24165520 40i»Soi-^» «/•
66017 24|b'6«72 S*S5 2?
C6S:0 16iG69i:i 24,t.(^l« -4
C7«)43 40167063 i3S^ Irt
67181 24't)73«J SsSiJ! J3
674M 16.07520 I5J22S I,
677U: 40'678M 4t|l>785« w»
«7W»9 2»!t3011 lOftSOSW -*
CS112 . 40i<«7« eS«J310 **
6S770 24JCS052 vjo.caou; l«
«K)17 16ie$>273 12016927. «'*
(S)417 80i'«l34» 120605o. J«
69tM0 80iC36t>4 liilCOrtSa J»
16873* 24B9740 16 1<>
'cnttitj ldienMfl s *l e 5?22 r.f
6i>&Ol 12Ot7WW»S 21 .7*1087 -*
70231 10.70274 ltiWMl 21
70508 24i70fi21 1*70822 1"
: 70»T>3 40170082 80|710<'2 21
71487 24171628 16:71654 Si
7t.S4:! 16! i
71935 24172047 1HI72215 21
72217 R072257 1«|72341 4t>
72337 16;72.T5<0 1«5 726S4 1*
72771 24)7287« l«i7201<> 4l>
72910 16,72054 t«729«« 1"
! 729«8 40|7:t1«4 24;7:5167 V*
' 7357S 1SI734S1 I«i73<«4 -*l
I 73872 16i73J»76 16:71244 -*
i 7427S 16j7432t 24 74.".9f> *•>
! 74524 24.74908 24'71W1 12<>
¦74953 16I74906 18)75013 1H
; 75023 24175347 24'755tt<> *»
75598 1«!75«25 40 70789 8<>
75895 16[75937 1«,7RO4<5 24
176100 16|76198 24 7640H 4ft
76548 24 76615 24176664 2i
767Sfl 16 76984 16177056 2*
77103 1677120 1« 77194. ... 4»
77M8 16177578 1677610 US
77C08 .... 187770© l«;777"l I0«»
77749 leiYlOTS 24,78203 1Ci>
7S220 40178411 1617841B SI
78567 1WISI80 247«30n 2*
78»29 24S79035 16 79187 1«
79191 16[7fl3ll 24^70337 1«
79;:f>o .... 40 70309 40,70626 1*
79676 24[7r»6!)9 24^79704 SO
79S7t . .. 24'80»'O3 40SU138 2»
S0210].... 1000180283 1«. 80346 !«i»
804fi8 . 4O|ilO55O l«8102-«. SO
81109"... 168142.-. 1CM40 4«>
81481 1«R1.-H)1 16(81323 8<>
81569 2481594 4^81773 4t»
81906 80!Sl!»H9 40 S2171 10
8228." 16182413 4Oi8236f>/.,.« 1*»
826S3 . 40(82712 10.S27TO 4O
82944 40'830«7 12O'S32O!) 4>
S3313 24;8.V.I6 1« 8:U9T. l|fc
8^610 J«i83«l4 1«S.;«'.3 2fc
S3^St .... 24IS4033 16;84036 4O
8109.'. 40^41)97 4<V*4149..... 1«
S4171 16i84334 1KS439* 4*
S4514 l«jS4545 1«'H456« 1«»
84501 16 848K! 24184302 1<»
85013 40's.10fi7 24,85118 »'>
S5225 24183384 Ifi 85492 W
854D5 24193661 16|858CS 4«*»
85802 12Oj«fi01l 1W8601H 40
86051 lfi!S6076 1«,S6.T30 2t
86471 ... S0I86WW 80|8«912 !>•
87045 .... 8O|S7087 8OI87316 1»
87319 24'87.V» J 6,8759:1 1<»
87736 16i877i>O 24 87S4!» 1«
87877../.. 16,87aM l«j«7SWtt 1«
¦ 8S106 40 88159 24.S8224 M
8S233 1688279 1«;8.W.S 1«
WC49 16188523 1« 88554 IS
8SU62 .... 1«|S8S02 4O;88!»«.8 4O
89O5W 24iS92KJ 24 89-.»2n 1*
80230 40'89301 24J88333 2%
83T.S0 40 89495 120:8»r.44 2*
«»733 24SiOS27 2i:«0S87. .«.. 4O
89889 16'SIXH.-. S^SSS JI
80107 1690151 24inO2.!'i l'«
90n 2 fi IB' 00331 1W904M 4(>
90548! 1«;W5S5 4OiH<V*r. 1£
60778 4090828 40908, 0 4O
91015 1K,»1«25 1«:01215 1«
0125« ... 249138(5 2491484 Srt
91511 24!91538 »« WKM 1^
01787 16I91969 _lfi!02«n 14
O->05 I> 1192201 4O«)22r>8 SO
92349.IIII 1BI92413 8<.!n2419 1«
P2474 < 1RI02308 40 p 9UT>91 lt»
92tVw!"!. 8rt!?»2tHO l«l
92685 lBiaCSOl 4W925C1 1«
j>2852 '24 1)2900 1 Si 92952 2t
92968 40!0-X";or> 4<»'9X-5W 2-1
9.TT.19 . 24i9.T>28 40l333«> It
93411 "II. S093312 24!nn5o.'> 1«
93fiK. 4O|a-5R=l 1«!r«902 4O
03925 4O9T990 1« 94W1 1»1
94078 4004141 120194133 4O
94243 R0;94T,54 24t94«TB 1«
94W56 If.194050 16:94988 21
9KO2 80105364 1W953T0 4l>
95435 40'95534 24190*1 4<>
9.W57 4093SB.-; 80 O'sr.8 1«
96021 24;960H2 S0:9C0.*i9 12O
96069 24!*?>in -*;^*H- i Jw" }1
9C44O ]6»tH85 24.9«ji5 1£
966S2 8O196S20 40 96877 1«
MZHVi 2497026 lrt 97CO4 1«
97127 1B0741O I«'97r23 21
981SS lfi.98249 40 98274 Mi
0*439 16:98572 SO OKfiOft 24
9S63« 1«inS«5.S 40C 9870."...... 2*
987r.5 120;988T.1 40WS81 1*
99140 16 99179 1««0203 24
902T!5 16:9^22 80f8KM" 24
no;!73 24 90X')6 1«1»I17 1«
OOr.RS 16!99571 1*00«31 »>
99727 16:90755 24 999C8 M
, 90925 2»i I
APPROXIMATION TRIZES.
100 numbers, from 19,295 to 19.SD5 Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of th- number
drawing the capital priz- of $.10,000. $40.
100 numbers, from 51.635 to 51.. .~> Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of th» number
drawing the capital prize of $S00O $24.
100 numbers, from 5373 to 547.T Inclusive,
being 6O numbers each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4000. $16.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
P99 numbers ending with 45. being the trro
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $30,000. $•«.
t>09 numbers ending with W. being th# tw>
last figures of the numb*r draying the second
capital prize of $3000. $S.
The subscriber, having supervised the singl*
number drawing, class •'F," Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that th»
above are the numbers which were thia day
drawn from the 100,000 placed in ths wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to> them.
Witness my hand, at Puerto Cortez, Hon
duraa. C. A., this Saturday.
Vice General W. L. Cabeil, Absent Commis
sioner.
$15,000 FOH $1— ONE-HALF* OB" FTRST CAP
ITAL PRIZE.
SAV FRANCISCO. May 28. 1904.— R«c«lTe<i
from the Honduras National Lottery Company,
through Metiger & Franklin, $13,000. for one
half ticket No. D9.S67, which number drew
the first capital prtza of $30,000 In th« draw-
Ing held at Puerto Cortex, Honduras, C. A.«
on May 14. 19M. GlugEppB BONFIGU .
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed rcy official seal, at my efflc*
In the city and county of San Francisco, th«
™ h "SiATTOB^BRApT. Notary PaWte.
$"000 FOR 50 CENTS— ONE-QUARTER OT.
SECOND CAPITAL. .PRIZE.
Stats of Indiana. County of Marloa.
James H. Biddlnger. living at No. 8CA
Fletcher avenue, in the city of Indianapolis.
Ind beins nrst duly sworn, upon his oatl»
deooses and says that he Is the bona fld«
holder and owner of quarter ticket No. 83.S6-1
of the Honduras National Lottery Company
(Louisiana State Lottery Company!. In tha
drawing of May U. 1904. which number woa
thl second capital prize of $8000.
tne secoua v JAMES H B i DD LNOER.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. the un
derslgned, a notary public, within and for th»
¦aid county and State, the 23d day of May.
1904 WILLIAM A. HUGHES.
. Notary Public.
$3750 *FOR 25 qpNTS— ONE-EIGHTH OJT
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Massachusetts. City of Boston.
Personally appeared before me, the undor
signed. Thomas P. Welch. 417 Second streei.
and John Blnns, 300 Dorchester avenue, bot^i
of South Boston, who. being duly sworn, dc
pese and say that they are the holders H
one-eighth ticket No. 9M.SS7. which number
drew the capital prize of $30,000 In the Hon
duras National Lottery on May t4. 1001. at
Puerto Cortez. Honduras. C A., and they re
ceived $3750 In full for same.
JOHN RINN'S.
THOMA8 R WF.LCH.
. v - II!a (X> mirk.
Subscribed and sworn to before ' me, this
25th day of May. 1S*>4.
- EDWARD L. HOPKINS.
J-stlce of the Pence.
S2GC0 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF THIRD CAP
ITAL PRIZE.
i NEW YORK. May 21. 19<M.
Edgar Mitchell, being duty sworn, appearing
before me, this 24th day of May. 1904. ii -
poses and swears that tm Is the bona Mi
owner of one-half ticket No. 6S.530. draw!'»
$4000, In the Honduras National Lottery Com
pany, drawing o£ May 14, 1904, at Puen >
Cortea Honduras. C. A., ami has this da/
received $20C0. In full payment for same.
EDGAR MITCHELL.
406 Montgomery St.. Jersey City.
Sworn to before me, the 2tth day of Ma/»
19Oi. MAX WUSTROW.
Notary Public. New York County.
Originals of foregolns affidavits h*M W
president or the Honduras National Lott* /
Company tLoutaiana Statf Lottery Com pa ; : •
NUMBERS
-—OF THE--
Honduras National Lottery Co
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY).
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
Single Numbers • Class "F" Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A.,
Saturday, June 18, 1901.
No Prlie No. PrlzelNo. Prize, i
61 24 148..... 161 299 • 24
309 24 470 24 433 80
571 ' 16 728 80 780 4'J
U14 80 1077 24 1102 16
1113 16 1134 16 1281 24
1308 40 1320 16 1337 IB
1436 16 1456 24 1467 24
1599 40 1602 24 1C84 24
1S04 24 1961 24 1991 8t»
2073 16 2108 24 2141 40;
"OftS 16 ?
2370/.... 80 2447 80 2462 1«
2t*l 40 2687 16 2705 j"
2829. .\... 18 2S00 24 2W6 -'4
3(W8 40 3100 16 3484 4O .
3050 10 3723 1201 SS23 1*
3835 40 3970 16 3883 1<>
4117 16 4367 W «« 40
440."! 16 4839 120 <8Sl 4O
4005 16 491« 40 49»t 40»
5018 16 61t» 16 5222 ~±
5423 4000 5507 1« 538? **
5644 24 5608 1« £»* ijf
5749 24 5791 40 6S38 -*
6872 40 6034 24 6206 lb (
6215 16 6250 1« f^\ *J
6305 16 6323 80 6428 24;
6434..... 80 6526 ~* S3? 7* '¦
6«04 40 B747 24 «764 1* ;
6877 40 6884 16 6808 1|
71C2 16 7264 40 7276 1« '
7290 40 7376 40 7526 80,
-7657..... 24 7674 IS J712 .
79*5 24 8057 16 8172 1«
8208 24 8517 161 8663 40
8708 40 8823 16! 8828 1«
9039 40 9075....: 16 9099 SO
9157 40 9201 24[ 9452 16
9520 16 9712 401 9796 16
10047. 40 10140 16|lO52l 16
10607 16 10622 24 10652 40
10G55 16 10t»8 16ilO753 16
10822 40 10930 80 11221 40
11256 16 114.12 24 11415 24
11427 16 11431 24 11462 40
11547 40 11667 40!11706 16
11852 *0|11893 40112000 1U
12022 16112033 16112161 24
1221S SO 12256 24|1232t 16
J2406 40 12569 16 12684 4f>
13053 24 13123 16J13192 16
133M) 40 13447 16 V*624 16.
43632 24 13771 16 US08 16,
1S090 16 i
14047 80 14CW3 24 14077 40
14217 4014252 16 14295 24
14329 24 14402 16 1461 » IS
14B32 16 14669 40 14697 40
14914 120 15045 16 15065 24
15075 1611510.1 16 15163 4rt
15270 80 15296 1*5 15514 16
15515 16 15537 16 156G4 Id
15O7 16 157OH 16 15763 24
15M5 24 15907 16 1590S 40
15911 24 15941 80 1609* 16
16126 24 16250 24 16263 2t
16323..... 24 1643S 24 16508 24
16652 40 1668S 80 16775 24
16829 16 17027 1« 17149 40
17190 16 17224 24|1725ft 40
17346 80 174C5 24 17411 12O
1745S 24 174S4 24 17492 40.
17595 24 17703 40 17773 24
17814 1« 17««4 16 17931 1« I
18134 40I1S209 80 I
18224 40)18235 24 18277 5*»
18345 40 18360 16 1R441 80
18465 40,1*474 40J184IMJ 16
18534 24U8H20 16,l«6ai 24
1S762 1618780..... 16118878 1«
1SS79 16118887 120", 19073 1« ,
190H1 24119111 16119118 40
19335 24 19345 3©000|19521 24 ,
19526 16 19699 40119723 16
19758 16 19764 16J19SS0 21 ,
19913 16|t9!»19 24i20024 8O ,
20063 16J2O204 1 6 20274 40 ',
20R90 2420C01 16120436 4(» I
20594 24120623 16|20657 1«
20683 16l20fif>8 16i2071« 24
20736 KOJ207S:: 1BI20JW2 24
21001 16121029 40121055 24
21372 40121465 40121470 24
21554 161216T.2 40J21656 16
21R94 , 161217X1 40J21745.....' 16
21097 24122079 16122142 24
22292 16122353 40122451 16
22473 16122520 1B|225fl2.^... 16
22691 40I230C0 1«|23U3 24
23379-... 16123460 40123478 1«
23480 16123593 16123665 16
23731 16124110 IB 24«20 lfl
24649 16|24«73 24124730 16
24761 R0!24926 40124972 1«
24976 16I2408S 24125221 1«
25256 24125269 40I252S7 80
25451 I 1C 25489 16 25587 40
5 5 fi04 1625631 24125697 24
25759 I! 24 25847 24126136 1G
S 61SJ 40I2R23. 1 ? 242«3(tt 24
"6310" . 24128369 --24I263S8 SO
2W5l!!... 80 i 266S7..... 16l2«69l 16
"fifiOB 16I26S21..... 161
2fi832."... SO!2«S70 16 26SS1 16
26SO7 . . 24127178 80271K2 40
273«« . 4O;27402 24I274S3 16
"74SS 16127615 16J27670 16
"TS-m" 2427901 16|ZS23l 24
283Sl"I~ 40J2H337 16I2S5S1 1«
2Riy»7 . 16 2SS3S..... 16!2S90« 80
£wA I 16 29017 80129156 SO
SttV. .I 40294H2 40,29712 80
««»3« 21I299S7 2413002ft 1«
30127 I 40 301K2 40130214 24
30627' ". 80!30673 2413002S 16
3WW3 ..: 1«J31239 24I31297 40
o.ijo 1631477 4031527 21
»"«::::: lei:-!"^.::.. 4031662 ;•
•JiOOfi 24 31911 16 31955 1«
hS:::: 2432151 w«2m 25!
32373 . 40 32454. 1 61324 SB..... 24 >
y^2 - SO'32935 16J329R6 24'
."h-?01 o ... 16 33069 16133125 24
33120 . 24 3323R 24 33409 40
33601.. 2413617 16 33660 16 '
83729 ".II 1613S77S 12033S00 80
S4060 120134202 16 34217 1«
34345 . 24I34CS3...... 24 344S7 40
S4 04 I 16134745 80 31767 16
Sm 1635037..... 16I350W.:... 2*
S5.'tS7. ... 16:35488.'.... 24355.4..... 24
is^IIII 16i353M 40135606 80!
S56.U J635731 5«&iX A
•?^TR« "4135825 4035946 24
mmSi:::: wS8&.\% =<i-:^ 40
36750 24136773 24 36064 16
37070 40137236 16 3i288 16
37'^K) ... 2413730R 16 37313 8O
37438 II 24 37463 80137508 40 (
37574 163WX0 16'3.Hf«7 4ft!
"804:;::; i«iiM2« uissks ™
3S.142 1613S373 1613R430 24'
38514...; 40!3«753 16I3S956 16 (
B90«7 -40:39219 16139330 40'
SJMMfl 16(39733 24J39736 24
39737. ... 24130739 16i39742 24
3DS79 1639979 16:40010 24
4(V>^1 40140272 1«l4IH33 24
40471 1640938 16I40940 2*
41053 24)41080 16141184 24
414S5 16 41526 16 41540 SO
41630 lfi!41«75 16141799 16
419«3 1«|41994 24|42114 18
42196 16142286 16142501 1« |
42594 24142616 16142657 16 !
42663 16142846 24 4284S 40,
42943 40 I
4314H 16 43253 16 43511 10 1
4359? 16 43704 24J43740 16
437R6 24143792 16143808 16
43932 16 43985 40144067 10
44107 24 44344 16!44RC2 24
448S6 40 44913 40(44916 40
449J>2 16!4.V»3« 40145166 16
45201 16145398 16J45475 12O
45M1 16145524 2000|45561 1« .
4573S 40|45774 16I45S90 16;
45053 80l45970 24I46105 24.
46210 24 40252 40146395 16
46449..... 8046487 40J46591 40 j
466R5 24 46732 16|46792 16!
46976 16147324 16 47404 SO
47622 40 47B50 24147756 4O '
477R5 24147840 40|47886 16
47901..... 80:47914 24(48012 16 '
4S106 24148141 40148155 80
48173 40I4R106 24|484BC.....' 40,
4S472 24J48477..... 16U8518 1«
4R5S1 ¦ 5 40I485M) 80I4875R 40
48S15 .... 2414RS54 164R933 16
40013 16149129.... ". 16 49272 10
40291 16149443 16 4946« 16
4O4SO 1CI495R2 40 49505 IB
406T4..... 24'49733 16149805 40
49S54 1*5(49916 24l49ftT7 in >
50025 24150218 24I5P2S5 120
B0314 16150331 16150503 24
5061S 16150631 16!50742 1«
fiOOir. 24 50934 1RI.-.1044 24
R1061 R0 51181 1615120.1 IB
M206 80 51210 24151410 24
M434 24151521 24151685 8000
B1751 16I617R5 24151851..... 24
MM: 24'M9«2 401
r.21M 16152164. .._„ 1615222T. 2t
R2271 80|522«6 16132348 40
r,2307 1 6152604 16|5251J> 24
52567 241.12582 R01525R7 40
52f.no 24152603 24!52«25 1«
62732..... 24'52R39 40152925 16
C3104 16153224.;... 16I.VW007,... SO
B431R 24153443 24153463 24
63375 1«|53622 80I53K37 SO
63*37 24I536S2 24I53715 jfi
M741 1«|.137S8 16133R43 J20 !
63R51 24I54O19 M>|54037 SO
54451..... 80154495 24!54«1!» i R
54797 16154*44 24 I 54!U5 24
64949 16154991 40I55O4.1..... l«
652(50..... 16I5557S 24155603 40
r>5617 40155618 16l53fi97 40
55767 18ISW58 40I.VWR3 R{>
65SR.S 120155966 24156053.... 04
66058..... 40156007 16156215 4(»
66232 80156315 24I5«2U3... 24
6fM10 16I565O7 24!5firt«>O... . «.
66«72 16156R74 16156730. .«. .. 40
6«910 . 1615«9»4 RO'57056.... •>.
: 67094 16157152..... 24157159 ifi
672.57 16157287 l«51573rtfl A?
67733 4O-S7741 40f3787eIIIH 7*
6R0S7 241S8284 l«!5S3n5. 21
5S4RS 80158519 24198531 f,\
68577 16I5RKW 40!5St»6.".:" lfi
58SS0..... 4015SS9S 2*I58»43 ™4
!WBfl4...:. 24I50O05 40i590«B.. «I
89559 " 24!595«2 1«159fW9. .* Ti
6!»!>0 16!59*m9 24l«00S3. . .1*' «
601M 24|«O12O •120lrO503. it
605S7 80160645 16I6OCC7 so
61105 leiema lenm ?2
61175 16161101 400161339 M
SERVIAN M. L. and R. Society Picnic— Tls»
following Tombola prizes remain uncali. J
for: No*. 47. CO. 73. 192. 1£»S. 432. 5.O. &•¦
1133. 1229. 1308. I5t». 1560. 2232. 3313, - Hs 
2378. .2385, 247a: also following gate prize*:
No». 820, &». 800. 1048. ICtiti. PrU*« mu-:
be called tor within ten days »t 811 Talra •*•
SPECZAI. NOTICE.
Each coupon has the Initials M. & F. on the
ta.ee and back of the ticket.
The following are the 'capital prizes, as de
cided by the Honduras National Company. June
18. 1004:
No. 19345 wins $7500. eold In San Francisco,
Cal.; No. 51685 wins $2000. sold In San Fran
cisco, Cal.; No. 5423 wins $1000. sold in San
Francisco, Cal.: No. 45324 wins $500. sold In
San Francisco. Cal.; Nos 77731 and 80210 each
win. $250 sold in San Francisco.- Cal.; Nos.
4091, G1191. 63785. 85808 and 98658 each win
$100, sold in San Francisco, Cal.
The following capital prizes were paid by the
above M. & F. Co. for May 14, 1904: Sam
Kierski, cigar business, S21 California St., San
Francisco. Cal., $7500; James Zervas. restau
rant. 143 Fourth St., residing at 1109 Folsom
st.. San Francisco. Cal., $1000; Italo Calpestrl,
R. R. & S. S. Co., 5 Montgomery ave., San
Francisco. $1000; George Young Derning, shoe
store. 904 Valencia St.. San Prancleco. Cal..
$500; G. A. Vossberg. 1729^ Mission St.. San
Francisco. Cal., $500. •
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1887,
Owing- to the fact that numerous schemes ars
placed before the public from time to time, we
would respectfully call the attention of pur
chasers of tickets to buy only from responsible
agents and to see that their tickets read as fol
lows: - ,
THE ORIGINAL UTTLB LOUISIANA COM
„, PANY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
The Original Little Louisiana Com
pany or San Francisco.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1S8T.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 1904.
The kind of raiment a woman speaks
of in the plural she seldom speaks of In
public. V
14
ROOMS FOR HOtSEKEEPI\C Con.
VAN NESS ave.. -1 — Alcove parlor; gas. small
kitchen, cas stove; eunny.
VAN' XliaS 017 — Fine sui:e housekeeping rros.:
eunr.y ccr'.; also rir.gie ro^ms; water and gas.
VAN NK??. I4C9— For l:ousekeep!ng. sunny al-
crv.- «rid b.iy-trir.iJow roon:s. comp. UlLChen
•wiih cst rante: every room reduced: ;» up-
ADVKKTI.-KMENTS. subscriptions received at
C-iil branch ofCc.ror.Duncm and Church sta.
Zpabtweitt hopses.
a— thi: mxcksk, 91 central ave.
new house; beautifully finished;
3 and 4 rooms: gas stoves fur-
nished; janitor serviced |
ST."cECiVTk. 115 Fell, above Van Ness ave. —
The u.nie «if perfection in modern, elegantly
lurniri-.id :;-rt.om apartments, with private
l*.lhi. steam heat, <-Ie.\ Mght^elev., gas rarg-.
JC— \lGt>TINE 945 POFT; APARTMENTS:
fubjcisked And rp to date: phones
IN ALL ROOMS. PHONE PR. EX. 745.
OCTAVIA. 1423— Most select apartment-bouse
in city; 3-4 rootns; elegantly furnished.
ST I-OL'JS. 15"r- Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rw>ms: Turn, or rnfnrn. : r*fs. Tcl. East RW
it<HI>li> TO LET— Kara, and I'nfurn.
T^KIVCNSWICK House. 349 Sixth rt.— Rooms !
25c tu *1 per nigiit. Jl 2o to $5 per wpek and j
Ight housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT '"Th* Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth »t.» -Rooms. 25c. bOc, Jl. $1 60 night;
$1 ."• • 1, $10 work; bouse open all night.
ATSPOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
— tju'.<"t, homrlike; charges reas.; cars direct.
ELTN'CTT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nlfhej rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BITS!!. 110' — Sunny Lay window alcove: run-
•frg »ater; sas: bath, etc.
CLIFFORD. 2<M Ellis, cer. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
TLEVENTH. 21— Elegant rooms, single er en
stuite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
ELLIS 92«— Elegantly furnished rooms; sun.
electric lights. . batlis. steam heat, phone,
new; flat 4. elevator^
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms .15c
to $1 25 night; $1 .V) to $6 wk.; readlng-rm.
HOTEL pUFFEBXX. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nished tultes and single rooms.
HYDE. 727— Elegantly furnished rooms, suit-
able for cemlfmen, in private family.
JONEP. 2 n " (Van Winkle) — Furnished sunny
mis. ; suite or single; gents preferred; $2 up.
NINTH. 3 47— Large sunny room, suitable for
on* or two iierscns.
O'FARRELL. 302 — Nicely furnished parlori:
tunny single or Miite: light housekeeping if
dmired; 1 small tingle' ruora for gentleman.
O'FARRELL. 1164— Elegant, newly furnished
r.-onr*; front, tide, rear; sunny; running
water; references exchanged.
O'FAKRELL. 3620, nr. Buchanan — Large well-
iurniehed rooin; suitable for two; $9.
POST. $«#. ne»r Hyde — Large furnished front j
rjem; Lath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents. 1
POWKLL. 1005 (The VIrginis)— A snap: ele- 1
gam front miite; partly furnished; marine
\ifw; running water.
lioYAL House. J2rt Ellis— Incandescent lights, j
re«dinit-room. pmoklng-roora and Iadle6" par- ¦
lor; rooms j»r night, .">5c to fl 50; week. $2 |
to SS; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground I
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths, j
EUTTKH, 'Ml <Larvhmont» — $•! to $« per week;
modern; hot and <"old water; baths free.
GUTTER. C14 <Wertmtnster) — Handsomely fur-
uifheu yunny bay-window suites of rooms.
TAVLOR. (24, cor. Sutter — Sunny bay-window
frunt room; suitable for two; $12.
THE ST. KATHRYN*.
N E. COR. LEAVENWORTH AND
Kl.LIH— SKNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOSU IN THE «ITY: BATHS: HOT
AXD COLD WATER IN EVERY
ROOM; ELEVATOR SERVICE; MOD-
CRN CONVENIENCES; FROM $3
era; week ;
THE VALMOUTH, 1049A Market St.— Sunny
rooms: net and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7. j
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
loom?. SSe to Jl night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights mo gas), running water in every
room: elevator, read. -room; free bus: baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d fct.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
to $1 50 night; $2 to $K week; elevator;
»lec. lights: reading-room; free bus; buggagc.
WOLF Hou», 202 Sixth st~— Rooms from 15c
to $1 per night and from »0c to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
BOOMS A2TO BOARD.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
Tins SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. BEATJTI-
VULUY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQt>lPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
1015 VAN NESP. COR. GEARY.
APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDELE. MANAGER.
HOTEL HATTON. 977 Pir.e — New modern
suite*, and single: special inducements to
•f-uri«ts *nd country visitors; <x>nvenient to
theaters and trade center: reasonable.
BRADBURY HOTEL, 1C04 California sL
TABLE UNEXCELLED; REASONABLE.
SPECIAL RATES FOR THE SUMMER.
VAN NESS. 2511 — Nicely furnished rooms;
running water, bath and phone; breakfast
and Sinner If desired.
COUGH. 1120. near O" Farrell— Beautiful sunny
rms. <fxce.II.ent home cooking. $20;2 meals $1S. j
EDDY. 112S. opp. Jefferson Pk. — Nicely fur. j
•unry rooms; table board: reas.; new mang't. i
GBACT. V*l. Hotel L' Aiglon — Family rooms
snd board: entirely renovated; re&s. prices.
HOTEL STEWART. 1101 Pine — Large sunny
F:T>gle room*; al.^o Email suite.
JOHNSTON (Th»). «S O" Farrell st.— Sunny
rooms, with beard; beautiful grounds; refs.
LEA VEN WORTH. 1023 — Large sunny room
with board: I .a;!:; phone; 2. 3 or 4 gentlemen.
THE CROCKER, Pine and Leavenworth 6ts.—
!argfr tunny ruite; also single room.
TURK, S22— Sunny rooms and gcod board;
reasonable.
ROOMS AXD HOARD WA.VTED.
BOARD and room wanted In private family by
young it.**: rtate terms. Box 110". Call.
BOOMS WASTED.
'«!OOM "»ar;tf3 Hi young lady; central; r.orth of
Mattel Art Ss Box 1127. Call.
_^ ASSXr S iMIUTT NOTICES.
ASfttoSSMEN -• MJTICE— Honolulu Plantation
CcJjjNtrr, .dcat un of principal place of bus-
u>#-*i,. Oty «r,l County of San Francisco.
«-«!« r.I OJtf -nia— Notice is hereby given
!tu»t st a Ti^.t.ng of the Board of Directors ;
itM* <li«* 15Ui day of June, A. D. 19*4 an i
*Mt«.'3e=t <N.. 8) of five dollars « $5.00)' per j
¦ *i<sre *er !*'i«d upon the capital stock of |
-UK «wrp< riuwi, payable Immediately to th« I
'-.' Sdcretar y \>i V-' company, at the office of!
th* CGUipATtr. T27 Market St., room 4, second I
.fleer.,,. In the i'ty and County of San Fran-
clcoa. h**s*.« of California. Any stock upon :
wiiicfi t!i!s arveKnent shall remain unpaid
un <!.f C'm J»>- of July. 3904 will be de-
tmcuetit and udvertieed for sale nt public
auction, and nnleu payment is made before,
will be told on the )Mh day of August. 1904,
:« p»y the delinquent assessment, together
with cost of advertising and expenses of
nale. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Honolulu
Plantation Compsny, •.•;n Market' s-trect, San
Francisco. California.
pnoi'osALJT
PROPOSALS for Steam PumpT^etcT^Oiflc«
Depot Quartermaster. V.ti New Montgomery
strcft. tan Francisco. Cal., June 15th, 1904.
Kt»aled iiropotalti. In triplicate, tubject to
usual coadltirais. will be r<i»ived here until
II o'clock a. ax. Katurday. June 25th, 1904
uiid then enened. • for furnishing 1 Steam
)>umn, Pipe end Fittings, for Camp Downes
and Caroj» Ovcrton. P. I. Preference will
be tlveu to articles of domestic production
and manufacture, condition cf price un<i
quality being eyual (Including | n thi» price
of foreign production the duty tliereon). The
U. fi reKcrves right to accept or reject
any or all proposal* or any part thereof.
Jnlormation and blank proposals furnished
on application. Envelopes containing pro-
l»jral* to tie market "Proposals for Pipe
and Kitting* N«>. 4«50." and addressed to
Mejor- C A. Dnol, Qr. Mr., U. s. a.
IJcpct Quartermaeter.
PROPOSALS for Steam Pump^ etc.— Office
liepot <}uartermaeter, 36 Ne\r Montgomery
t-tre».'t. 6an Frunclsco, Cal.'. June !5th. 1904
Healed iir<>i»j:--u!K. in triplicate, subject to
u>ua! condltionH. will be received here until
11 o'clock, a. m.. Saturday, June 25tfa, 1904
and then cp»~n<«l, for furnishing 1 5teani
I*ump. Pipe and Fittings for Lucena, P. I.
X'l-cferttoee tvill be given for articles of do-
ni<-i-t;c pioduction and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (in-
cluding In the price of foreign production
tlie duty thereon.) The TJ. S. reserves right
to Accept any er all proposals or any part
iVjr'of. Information and blank proposals
fun; i*l. id un application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals 1 to be marked "Proposals
for fSteam Pump, etc.. No. 4631." and ad-
drc««ed tu Major C. A. Devol, Qr. Mr., U.
t. A., Depot Quartermaster.
STORAGK ASD WAREHOUSES. |
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture. I
household goods etoretl. moved, shipped. 725- !
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 1C1. j
A— GIL13ERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Nese; office 1170 Market, r. -13; tcl. South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post r.nd Powell sts.; tcl. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
! dis--. UU3 Golden Gate ave.; phone East ISO.
¦GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. S40
Mission St.; tel. Howard 'Ml. F.W.Zehtuss.
i PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
I pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jacksop 281.
! BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.. tel. Main lSJO. Shipping at cut ratea.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
Focirty glvos notice that, owing to the prev-
alence of scarlatina throughout the city, the >
asylum will be closed to visitors on Friends'
dny, June 24, 1904. SUSAN RUSSELL 1
SPOTTS, Secretary. .
THE following children have been admitted by •
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless .
Children: Wilda Cuptill. age 4Vi years,
abandoned; Dorothy Wllburn, age 14 months,
orphan.
: STCTTERI\« AND STAMMERING.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness & Market.
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
Molbcurce in U. S.: private: established 3
years in S. F. Tel. Mint 2ii20 from 1 to 5 p.m.
TYFEWBITEBS^ ABTD^SUPPIiIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters «t
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 SO. The
Typewriting Exchange. .136 California st.
A FEW goM typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-,
jroffiery st
2I> HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Wfbstrr Typewriting In=>i>ec. Co.. 608 Market.
VTAVT. * ~~
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment;
booklet mailed free; correspondence Invited.
V1AVI CO., 2304 Van Ness ave.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DTv?DENlD~N7mCE^aT^
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor.
Mutual Savings Bank building. 708 Market
St.. opposite Third — For tho half year end-
ing June 30, 1904. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital ftock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1904.
JOSEPH Ji. LEONARD. Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Deposit
• nd Trust Company, corner California and !
Montgomery ets. — Fir the elx months ending 1
June 30. 1904. dividends have been declared j
on deposits in the savings department of thl« i
company as follows: On term deposits, at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1UO4.
J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, corner of California and Battery streets.
Fan Francisco, has declared a dividend of
8 per cent p«>r annum on Class "A" and
"F" stock, 6 per cent on term deposits and
5 per cent on ordinary deposits, for the $Ix
months ending June 30, 1904.
WASHINGTON DODGE. President.
WILLIAM CORBIN, Sec. & Gen. Mgr.
DIVIDEND Notice: San Francisco Ravings
"t'nion. 5.*52 California Ft., corner Webb. —
For the half year ending with the 30th of
June. 1904, a dividend has b»en declared at
the rate per annum of three and one- half
(SH) PW cent on term deposits and three (3)
per cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after July 1, 1904.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: The German Savings and
Loan Society. .'.26 California st.— For the half
year ending June 30, 1904. a dividend has
- b*>en declared at the rate of three and one-
quarter (3 ! i) per cent per annum on all de-
posits free of taxes payable on and after
Friday July 1. 3!'C4.
GEORGE TOURNEY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: Mechanics' Savings Bank,
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery sts. j
—For the half year ending with June 30. |
J904. a dividend has heen declared at the j
rate' of three and ono-quarter (3'i) per cent
p^r annum on all deposits, free of taxee. pay-
able on and after Friday. July 1. 3904.
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: Mutual Savings Bank
of Han Francis-co, 710 Market st. — For the
half year ending June :><\ lf>04. a dividend '
been declared at the rate of three and ]
one-quarter (3'») p*r cent per annum on all
•leposits. free of taxes, payable on and after
Friday, July 1, 1904.
GEO. A. STORY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND. Notice: Humholdt Savings Bank, j
I** Geary «t- — For the half year ending June
VM a dividend on deposits has been declared
at the rate of 3% per cent per annum, free j
of taxes, payable on and after Julv 1, 1904.
W. E. PALMER, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery st-. corner Sutter. has de- ]
dared a dividend 'for the term ending June
30. 1904. at tlie rate of three and one-quarter j
(3'»> per cent per annum on all deposits, free ;
of taxes and payable on and after July 1,
3904. CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
CLAREMONT Oil Company on July 1, 1904,
will pay a dividend (No. 1) of 1 cent per
share on its issued capital v stock at its of-
fice, room 31, seventh floor,' Mills building:
transfer books clo«=e on Saturday, June 23,
1904, at 1 p. m. GEORGE J. REMINGTON,
Pecreta ry.
MAHKIAGE LICENSES.
j The following marriage licenses were Issued
I yesterday:
Emll L. Arata. 21, 619'i Chestnut street, ana
Mary K. Franchl. 23. UStf Mason street.
William J. McCabe. 21. 533 Taylor street,
and Nora'A. peters, l fi . liutte, Mont.
William K. Kays, 21. 205 Valencia street,
and Marguerite A. Koch, 18, 303 Erie etrtet.
George E. Kroetz, 21, 205 Leavenworth
etreet, and Regina H. Maginnls. 18. 405 Pierce.
Edward W. Moorf, 59, Trubody, and Mary
E. Hibley, 57, Pomona.
Gustavus J. Muldoon. 24. 17 D^rborn place,
and Olga M. Belcher. IS. 17 Dearborn place.
Henry C. Schroder, 34, Watsonvlile, and F.
Loui*e Thurwachter, 24, Watsonvllle.
Joseph H. Brayshau, 30, 910 Capp ¦trcet.
and Harriet E. Wrigley. 22. 2028 SutUr street.
Philip Buchanan. 39. 4U3 Valencia street,
and Delia Luughlin, 2t>, W Dorland street.
Domenico Mignola. 49. H25 Pacific street, and
Rosa Tomas^tU, 28, (25 Pacific street.
\.t>u',y, B. Compton, 24, Eureka, and Eliza-
beth Evans, 25. Eur«?ka.
John Younr, 2C. 2C07A Golden Gate avenue,
and Lydia J. Presley, 25, 75S Harrison street.
William H. Dasmann. 21, 1S3 Thirteenth
street, and Mary McDonnell, 23, 331S Twenty-
sixth strett.
Peter Murphy. 30. .161 Capp street, and Mar-
garet Hurley. 22. 407!» Twenty-third street.
Frank J. Brazil 21.. Rio Vista, and Lydia
McKenna. IS, Mill Valley.
Victor Aaron, 32. «328 Sutter street, and
Paulino- Morris, 22. 1235 Ellis street.
Charles Tcllcfsen, 22. 2G45 Harrison street,
and Ann V. Johnson. 17. Berkeley.
Arthur G." Shera. 27. 103 Twenty-ninth street,
and Hilda L. Broadwood, 27, 1511 Nineteenth
avenue.
Henry G. Davies, 39, 346 Third street, and
Ada K. Stuart, 37. 34« Third street.
Charles H. Rochette, 2s. Rubs House, and
j Margaret F. Collins, 23. 739 Folsom street.
Kobert L. Kirkland. 38, Payson, 111., and
Adllnq O'Halllran. 31. Payson. III.
\ BIRTHS— MARRIAGES — DEATHS:
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will net be inserted. They must be handed
In at fither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to hive the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the ev«»nt are published once In this column
frw; of charee.
MARRIED. ~
BELASCO — LEVY— In this citj-. June 19. 1904.
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Edward UeJafeo
and Anna Levy.
KRAMER— DAVIS— In this city, June 19,
10(14. l>y the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Maurice S.
Kramer ami Leah R. Davis.
W1LKIE— KELLY— In this city, by the Rev.
Mr. Guthrie. Walter Wllkic and Florence
Kelly, of Kan Francinco.
DIED.
Barnctt. M. T. O'Leary. Marv A.
B<xie. Herman O'Neil, Capt. Thos.
Brennan, Mary O'Reilly. Michael
Fleitsher, Mrs. Eva Rlley, Mrs. Karah
Fose, Edward Schlsler, John .
Free. Elizabeth Kchur, Lillie
Gorman. Richard F. Shanny, Lawrence
Haesott. William Hmlth, Frank M.
Humphreys, Steven Smith. Leonard F.
Kallstrom, Rosanna Sweeney. Mary
Marten (infant) v Williams. Lilly
BARNtTT— In thi» city, Juno 22, 1904. M. T.
Barnett tlate of Santa Rosa), dearly beloved
husband of Delia Barnett, and father of
Leonore, Delia. Nellie and Thomas Barnctt,
native- of Illinois, aged 50 years.
CyNotic* of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the uariors of Carew & English, 29 Van
liens avenue.
BODE— In this city, June 19. 1904, Herman
llode. a native of Germany, aged 50 years.
C7"Fricnds and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to annul the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
narlors of the H. F. Maass Company. H17
Mission street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, via o:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend utreets.
BRENNAN— In this city, June 22, 1904, Mary,
beloved wife of John Brennan, and mother
of Mary. Lizzie. Thomas, Michael. Edward
. and the late William Brennan, a native of.
Ireland, aged 53 years. '
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Filinfore street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem mass will
bo celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at » o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FLKISHKR— In this city, June 21. 1904, Mrs.
Kva Fleisher, beloved mother of M. and a.
Fleislier of Santa Maria. Betsy Flelsher and
Mrs. L. Mows of Pendlf-ton. Ore., a native
cf Crakow. Austria, aped 74 years and 10
month?. (San Bernardino papers please
copy.)
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday). June 23. at 4 o'clock, at
the chapel of N. Gray & Co.. S3o butter
street. Interment San Bernardino.
FOHS— In the City and County Hospital, Juno
22, ll>04, Edward Foss, a native of Norway,
need 44 years.
FREE— In this city, June 22, 3004, Elizabeth, j
wife of William S. Free, and mother of Mrs. 1
John Mcl-ean and Albert R. Dice, a native
of Klizabethtown, Hardln County. Kentucky,
aged 70 years 7 months and 25 days.
C^Servlcfs will be held to-morrow (Frl-
day). June 24, at 1 ::i0 o'clock, at her late |
residf-nce. 7W Oak street, between Flllmore
and Steiner. Interment private.
GORMAN— In this city. June 22, 10OI, Richard
F. Gorman, beloved son of Margaret Gor-
man, bt loved husband of the late Margaret
Gorman, father of David H.. Gorman, and
brother of M. J.. Elizabeth H.. Catherine
T. and D. J. Gorman, a native of Boston,
¦ Crnie funeral will take place Friday
morning, June 24, at tt o'clock, from his late
residence. 82;{ Grovo street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church. ; where -a requiem high mass
will b» celebrated for the repose of his soul
at «:;>0 o'clock. Interment private. Kindly
omit fluweis.
HASSETT— In the City and County Hospital.
June 21; 1K04. William Hassett. a native of
California, aired 3a years.
HUMPHREYS— In A»cua Caliente, Mexico, of
paralysis. Steven G. Humphreys, beloved
husband of Sallie V. Humphreys, and father
of Thomas V. and Alfred Kt. J. Humphreys,
a native of England, aged 48 years.
KALLSTROM— In this city. June 21. 1904,
Rosanna, widow of the late Captain Herman
Kallstrom. and dearly beloved mother of
Captain Charles K. Kallstrom of Seattle.
Herman F.. George W.. E. Benjamin. Frank
F. and llattie Kallstrom, Mrs. Louise Eck-
hardt and Mrs. Lillif Myers, and slater of j
Kate Ens-lish of Stockton and the late Mar- |
garet U'Conell. n native of Dundalk. County
Louth. Ireland, aged 66 years.
ErFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlt-d to attend the funeral Saturday,
June 2r>. at 9 o'clock, from her late resilience,
1715 Joiips street, thence to St. Brigid's
Church, wher? ji roquiem high mass will.be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:G0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MARTEN— In this city, Juno 21. 1JVM, Infant
child of Henry and Carena Marten, a na-
tive nf San Francisco.
O'LEAUT— In Oakland. Cal.,' June 21. 1004,
Mary Agnes, beloved wife of T. O'Leary, a :
native of New York, aged 41 years 3 months \
and 1 days. j
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day j
• Thursday), at f* :.'i0 o'clock, from her late
residence No. B50 Albion street, thence . to 1
St. Francis de Sales Cliurch. wherfr- a re-
: quiem liigli mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
O'NEIL— In this city. June 21. 1904. Captain
Thomas O'Neil, loving father of Mrs. J. H.
Cousins, Mrs. W. F. Hogan and Peter and
Thomas O'Neil. a native of Ireland, "aged
75 years. !
Z^7 The funeral will take place to-morrow I
(Friday), at 1<> o'clock, from the funeral !
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy j
street, thence to Holy Cross Cemetery for |
interment, via electric car from Eighteenth i
and Guerrero streets. |
O'REILLY— In Oakland, Cal.. June 21, 1904. |
Michael, beloved husband of the late- Roee ,
O'Reilly, and father of Minnie O'Reilly, aj
native of Newport, County Mayo. Ireland, •
aged 63 yearn. (New York. Scranton, Pa., ]
and Cleveland, Ohio, papers please copy.)
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day j
• Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late
r«»sid>nce. No. 727 Adeline street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mnsp will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at ft o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
HI LEY— In San Jo*e. June 19, 1W4, Mrs.
Sarah Rlley, beloved mother of Andrew
Francis and Angela Rlley and Mrs. May
; Stephens, and Mrs. S. J. Amaya, a native of
Dublin, Ireland, aged 67 years 8 months and
10 days.
SCHISLER— In this city, June 22. 1004, John
Schislrr. A member of the Barbers' Pro-
tective Union.
SCHUR— In this city. Jun- 22, 1904. Lillie, be-
loved wife of A. R Schur, and mother of
Lillie Schur. and s/igter of James, Charles,
Jennie. Fanny, Alma and the late Ella Stod-
dard. ' a native of San Francisco, ased 24
years and I month.
SHANEY— In th" City and County Hospital.
June 22, 1HO1. Lawrence Shaney, a native of
Ireland, aged 70 years.
SMITH— In Honolulu, June 9, 1904, Frank M..
beloved husband of Mm. F. M. Smith, and
father of Alice and Frank Smith of Fifth
av<nui>, this city, aged 45 years. "
!ET Friends and acquaintances are invited
to attend the funeral services at Odd Fel-
i lows' Cemetery, on Friday, June 24, at 3
I ©clock.
i SMITH— In this city. June 22, J9O4. Leonard
F.. beloved husband of Maria D. Smith, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged SI years 1
month and 36 days.
SWEENEY— In this city. June 22, 1904. Mary
Sweeney, beloved daughter of Annie nnd Cor-
nelius Sweeney, and sister of Leon Sweeney,
nnd granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. John
Hurson. a native of San Francisco, aced 1
year 7 months and 1 day.
tC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrov
• Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, :t°10 Buchanan street, between Lom-
bard aii'l Greenwich. Interment Holy Cross
< 'emetery.
WILLIAMS— In this city. June 21. 19W. Lilly
May Williams, beloved daughter of Henry
L. and Katie Williams, and beloved sister of
Georg* Warren and Dean Williams, and
Mrs. Ix>n Moore and Mrs. Walt Eddy of Eu-
gene, Ore., a -native of California,- aged 18
years 4 months and IS days.
ICFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), June 24, at 1:15 o'clock, from the
parlors of Gantner Bros., 12C9 Mission street,
between Elzhth and Ninth, thence to the
Methodist Episcopal Church South, on Bush
street, between Gough and Octavia. for
services, commencing at 2 o'clock, inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
CARD OF THANKS.
The parents and family of the late Edna
Yrene Sommer extend their heartfelt thanks
to the many kind friends who by their
love and tender sympathy helped to lighten
the bitter sorrow lately suffered In tho loss
of our loving daughter and sister, Edna
Yrene Sommer.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.,
— — Funeral Directors and Embalmers———
214 Eddy Et.:_Tel. South 676.
F J. Monahan, Manager, Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
I 2339-2341 Mission St., near Nineteenth.
; San Francisco.
EVERY ONE A WINNER.
THEY ARE HUMMERS.
Be sure to collect this series.
Look at this attractive list:
1. *'A Grass Widow," by Bry-
= son.
2. "Footlight Favorites," by
Boson. ' •
3. "Temptation." by Bryson.
4. "The Girl in Yellow," by
Brypon.
5. "Innocence," by Bryson.
6. "Constance," by Richter. 1
7. "Rosamond," by Richter.
8. "3Iother and Child," by
Richter.
9. "Head . Over Heels," by
Brotvn (H. A.).
10. "A Serious Case," by Rose-
land. •
Beginning willi the issue of
July 3,
THE SUNDAY CALL
Will issue a series of tlie hand*
somest Art Supplements ever
issued by a paper in the
United States.
TEX BEAUTIFULLY
ILLUMINATED
ART SUPPLEMENTSDeciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LOCAL MARKETS.
QJEESE— 8%©9c for choice new and 7@7%c
for lower grades; Young Americas, 0@9%c;
Eastern 12%@14c; Western. Il@l2c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 20®22% for fair to choice;
store, 16ig>19c; Eastern. 19@2Qc for. firsts and
16%@18c for seconds.
All the markets under this head remained
unchanged yesterday. Stocks of Butter are
.steadily being absorbed, though the retailers
are complaining of dullness and what the whole
salers cannot work off to the trade they ston\
so there Is no. serious accumulation on the
floors. Cheese Is firm as to choice mild new
and weak and dull as to the lower grades. Fine
ranch Kggs are quoted steady by some houses
and weak by others, according to their stocks,
though one retailer was around yesterday try
ing to sell back some of his surplus stock to the
wholesalers. All dealers quote a weak and
dull market for store Eggs. Receipts of East
ern continue large.
Receipts were 59,800 lbs Butter. 1289 cases
Eggs and 24,400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 18%@10o
for extras and 17%@>18c for firsts; dairy, 169
>17%c; store Butter. 13@15c; cold storage, nom
inal. .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept.
Opening 6 2% 6 3%
Closing 6 2% 6 3%
//PARIS.
Wheat — • ' June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening .....19 75 19 65
Closing ...~... 19 66 19 65
Flour — • - . ¦
Opening ...................... 27 05 26 SO
Closing ~ ...27 10 26 96
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. June 22. — WOOL— Firm. Medi
um grades, combing and clothing. 12®14Uc;
light fine. 16#19c; heavy fine, 12@15c; tub
washed, 20®33c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, June 22. — Clearings, $806,450;
balances. $184,676.
TACOMA. June 22. — Clearings, $333,753;
balances. $42,004. •
PORTLAND, June 22.— Clearings, $566,550;
balances.* $100,651. ¦ " ¦ „
¦SPOKANE, June 22 Clearings, $342,490;
balances. $40.850.^ :
Northern Wheat Market.
¦ < OREGON. ;
PORTLAND, June 22. — WHEAT — Walla
"Walla, 69c; bluestero, 77c; valley, 78o. "
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 7%©
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7U@7%e, according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.95c;
Powdered. 5.80c; Candy Granulated, 5.80c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6.70c; Fruit Granulated, 6.70c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only), 5.60c Confectioners"
A. 5.70c; Magnolia A. 5.30c; Extra C. 5.20c;
Golden C, 5.10c; "D," Sc; .barrels, 10c more;
halt barrels. 25c more; boxes, 60c more; 60-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Halt
barrels, 6.20c; boxes, 6.45c; II. A E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy- five barrels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water Whit* Coal OU, in bulk,
13 %c; Pearl Oil. In cases, 20c; Astral, 20c;
Ftar, 20c; Extra Star, 24c: Elaine, 26c;
Eocene, 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk, 16c; In cases. 22%c; Benzine, In bulk,
13c: in caces. If) Vie; Sti-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 25c; In cases 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon in cases and
75c in drums and Iron barrels.
¦ BAGS — Grain bags, 5%c; Ban Quenttn,
*5 40; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine.
7©8c.
. COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Seattle. $« 60; Bryant, $6 60; Beaver
Hill. $5 50; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Greta. $7: Wallsend, $7; Richmond,
$7 60; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, >l3; Welsh Lump
$11 50; Cannel, *S 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50®13
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; RockyMoun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 6c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1, 70c;
Bakers,' AA, cases. $1 10@l 12; Lucol, 45o
for boiled and 43c for raw; China
Nut. cases, 62%®80c per gallon; Co
coanut Oil. in barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil 6Sc: natural winter Sperm Oil, 63c: extra
bleached winter Whale OU, 57c; natural Whale
OU, 52c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c;
No 1 Lard Oil. C5c; pure Neatsfoot OU. 73a;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c; light Herring Oil.
42c; dark Herring OU 40c: Salmon Oil, 34c;
boiled Fish OU. 37c; raw Fish OU. 35c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
General Merchandise.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@15o per lb;
Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 5C@2:
Ducks. $4@4 60 per dozen . for old and
$4 60^5 for young; Hens. $5(g6 .for
large and $4@4 60 for small; young Roosters,
$7 30@»: old Roosters. $4<g5; Fryers. $6®
6 60; Broilers, $3©>4 for large and $2 25@2 50
for small; Pigeons, $1 60 per dozen for old and
$1 50<Sl 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Haro. $1 50 per dosen; Rabbits,
$1 ?5@2 for Cottontails and $1 per dozen for
brush.
The Poultry market continued very weak for
nearly all descriptions, as retailers were com
plaining of the light consumptive demand,
caused by the absence of so many people from
?he city, and were purchasing no more than
absolutely necessary for Immediate require
ments. Fryers and young Roosters, which,
were In very light supply, were firm at pre
vious prices, but all other descriptions, par
ticularly Hens, were dull. The weakness In
Hens Is shown by the fact that two carloads
of Western have been standing on tha track
across the bay since Tuesday awaiting: more
favorable market conditions.
Poultry and Game.
120th meridian time. San Francisco, June 22:
si si I 1 l?
ETATIONS. 5v3 o 3 c =
2 2 a" 3 3,
: : 7 I T I s
Colusa *4 S5 ¦• Clear
Eureka 54 46 N Clear .00
Fresno 9* «0 NW Clear .00
Hanford »•* 58 .. Clear .00
Independence \. 88 66 S Cloudy .00
King City "9 54 N Clear .00
UvS-more 83 51 .. Clear .CO
I,os Angeles .72 TA SW Clear .00
Merced »3 46 .. Clear .00
N.« 73 50 S Pt.Cldy .00
Newcastle ** 62 •• £** r -J*
Newman 84 55 .. Clear .£0
Palermo 69 55 .. Clear .00
Ponenaie ... ..... »S 60 W Clear .W
Red Bluff .:........ 92 62 SE Clear .00
Riverside 85 52 .* -^
Sacramento *•<> 54 S .Pt.Cldy. 00
Pan Piego *... 08 62 NW Clear .00
Pan Francisco ...... CO 60 6^ «^ear .00
Pan Jose 54 ..- Clear .W
San Lui* Obispo.... 68 48 W Clear .1*0
fanta Maria .^....70 54 .. Clear .00
Str«ktcm 81 60 .. Clear .00
Willow* ...•...¦¦... 88 69 B Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Newcastle— Fruit arriving in good quality.
Riverside — Many people complain of orange
crop setting light.
Hanford*-Proepects for fruit and 'grain yield
excellent. ' • , " ..
Colusa— Yield of barley much larger than
Stockton — Apricots and early peaches going
forward in large quantities. . - •
Palermo — Cherries about harvested.
Ban Jose— Canned goods estimated at .00
Ca Li'vermore— Wheat- filling better than ex-
P< Sa^ita Maria— Bean* growing nicely, but
acreage considerably les* than last year. «ugar
beets more.
Napa— Apple* arid pears, fair crop.
King City— Foggy forenoon.
Willows — Weather conditions favorable ror
all croj>s.
Newman — Grasshoppers Injuring alfalfa.
A. G. McADIE. Section Director.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. June 22. — Money on call was
easy at 1U per cent, closing bid 1, offered at
Mi oer cent. Time loans were easy and dull,
with sixty and ninety days at 2Q2Vi per' cent
and six months, SQ'.iYt per cent. Prime mer
cantile paper. 3%@4% per cent. Sterling ex
change was steady, with actual business In
bankers' bills at $4.8725@'4.873O for demand
and at $4.S530@4.S5.T5 for sixty-day bills.
Posted rate*. $4 £&g4 88. Commercial bills,
$4 S5%(g4 85Vi- Rar silver, 55%c. Mexican
dollar*. 45%c. - Bonds — Governments, steady;
railroads, firm. . .
Nezv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. June 22.— The most noteworthy
fact about to-day's stock market was Its firm
ness in the face of excessive dullness. The
dullness approached stagnation at frequent
period*. But prices w»re tenaciously held all
through the day. even with a demand so scanty
as 1.1 be Imperceptible for most of the time.
A number of minor stocks and specialties gave
nme sympathetic t-upport '_to the market by
their strength, which was unexplained In the
news events. Tlic Canadian Pacific group was
a prominent example, and was in demand
both here and In London. The common surmise
was that this movement was based on the
crop prospects in the Canadian Pacific's west
ern territory. Our own granger atock*. how
ever, did not extend the upper movement of
yesterday to any important degree. The con
tinued quietude of Southern Pacific was In
favor of the market. The quick subscription
lor the Burlington bond isisue and the sales of
the Rock Island notes made a good impression.
although the Rock Island Issue 'is recognized
as an expedient against the present poor mar
ket for bond*. ¦
The tone of the bond market continued firm.
Total sales. p«r value, $2,485,000.
United States bond* were unchanged on call.
The governing committee of the Stock Ex
change to-day readmitted to its listing depart
ment the preferred and common shares of the
American Steel Foundries Company to the
amount of $15,000,000 each.
The governors of the New York Stock Ex
change have decided to 'clone the exchange on
July 2 the Saturday before the Fourth of July.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 7..100 72«i 72% 72%
Atchlson pfd 2,600 »5»i W% 85%
Bait A Ohio 2.300 80% 80% 80%
Bit A Ohio pfd 90%
Canadian Pacific .. 6,100 123% 122% 123%
Central of N J -.-. 160
Ches A Ohio 400 31 ' 31 31
Chicago* Alton... 100 38 35 37%
Chi A Alton pfd .... 78%
Chicago A G W .. 200 14 . 14 13%
Chicago A N W ... .'!00 170% 170% 170%
CM. Mil & Kt Paul. 8,300 143% 143% 143%
Chi M A St P pfd.. 300 177 1T7 177
Chicwro T AT .... 100 6% . <5% 6.
Chi T A T pfd.... 2,100 16 15 J5%
C C C A St Louis 70
Colo Southern .... 700 15% 1BU 15%
Colo So l«t pfd 200 48% 48% 4*%
Colo So 2d pfd.... 400. 19% 19% 19%
Delaware A Hud .. 100 156 155% 155%
Del, Lack A West. 270
Denver A R G 20JJ
Denver A R G pfd 70%
Erie ...16.000 23% 23% 23%
Erie 1st pfd ...... 68
Erie 2d pfd ' 34%
Hocking Valley 64
Hocking Val pfd 82
Illinois Ceneral ... 400 131% 131 131
Ioia Central 300 18%\ 18% 18
SffiSSjL 1^: -too m 20% fvA
Kan* City So pfd. 6.700 43% 41 43
Louisville A Nash 2,800 109% 109% .109%
Manhattan L ..... 900 149 148% 14sf,
Metrorx)Tlta.n Secur. .... 76
Metropolitan St Ry. 4.000 111% 110% 111
Mexican Central... 600 8 7%. 7%
Minneap & Kt Loui« 40
Minn HtP & BSM:.. 4.100 06% C4% CO
M. StP A KSM pfd 1.600 123% 122 123
Missouri Pacific .. 6.600 93 92% »2%
Mo. Kans A Tex.. , •• •••• 16%
Mo. Kans A T pfd. 900 36% 35% 36},
Nationl of Mex pfd 200 37 36% 37
N Y Central ...... 2,300 116% 110 115%
Norfolk A Weft .. 200 66%. 56»/i 65%
Norfolk A W pfd .... 85
Ontario A Western. 3 400 26% 20 28
Pennsylvania 11,200 115% 115% 110%
Plttsbg C C A StL . .... .... 68
Reading 2.000 47%. 47% 47%
Reading 1st pfd.... 100 81% 81% 81
Reading 2d pfd .. 400 , 6« 66 66
Rock Island Co . . 1,000 21 20% 20%
Rock Ul Co pfd.. 200 04 % 64 B4%
fit L A SF 2d pfd 45
St Louis S W .... 100 12 .12 11%
Et Loult 8 W pfd.. 100 29% 29% 29%
Southern Pacific .. 7,500 46% 45% 40
Southern Railway . 300 21% 20% 21
Southern Ry pfd... ¦ 100 85 85 84%
Texas A Pacific .. 400 22% 21% 22Vi
Tol. 6t L A West; 200 24% 24% 21%
T, St L A W pfd.. 100 37% 37% 37%
Union Pacific ...'. 9,600 87% * 87% 87%
Union Pacific pfd. • 300 «3 »2% &2%
Wabash 500, 1K% ic% i«%
Wabasb pfd W>0 35% 35% 35%
Wheel A Lake Erie 400 16 16% '16 1
Wisconsin Centra! . ¦ ;.'¦" .... 16%
Wl*con«ln Cen pfd. * 100 SS 38 37*1
Express Companies —
Adams .' ;»'.'• .... 225
American ..... .... . .... 181
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 7%®8%c; Cows and Heif
ers, 6%@7c; thin Cows, 4<g5c per lb.
CALVES — 4@>4 %c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3%c: Ewes, 2%§3o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 25@2 50 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 4%@5c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4ViC7 over 250 lbs, 4%c; soft
Hogs, nominal; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars.
60 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent oft from
above quotations.
BEEF — t>@7c for Stears and 5tf6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7%©S%c; small. 8®9%o per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%«8c; Ewes, 6%©7c
per lb.
LAMB— 8S9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6%®8%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: '
All kinds stand the same and the market
Is of the usual midsummer character.
DRESSED MEATS,
Meat Market.
celpts, 0000. Including 1500 Southerns; market
steady;- native steers, $4 25@6 40; Southern
steers,- $2 75®5 70; Southern cows, $2(^4; native
cows and heifers, S2@5 40; stockers and feed
ers. $2 7515*4 70; bulls, $2 70fi 4 25; calves,
$2 50<$4 25: Western steers, $405.
HOGS — Receipts. 7000; market steady; bulk
of sales $535 15; heavy, $5 10@5 20: packers,
$5@5 15; pigs and light* $4 20@5 05.
SHEEP— Receipts. -4000; market steady to
weak: muttons, $4 50@5 35; lambs. $537;
range wethers, $4®4 90; ewes, $3 50@* 60.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Kansas City.
OMAHA. June 22.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3500;
market steady: native eteers. $4 2O4W5 20; cows
and heifers. $3 2T>@5 10; canners, $1 75@2 90:
Ptockers and feeders, $2 50®4 10; calves, $2 50
@5 50; bulls and stags. $2 oO®4 CO.
HOGS — Receipts, • 11,500; market steady;
heavy. $5 05@5 20; mixed. ?5 03@5 10; light,
$4 0035 05; pigs, . $4®4 75; bulk of sales,
$5 05©5 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1700; market steady:
Western yearlings. $4 40@5 40; wethers, $4 25
(f/5 15; ewes, $4@5: common and stockers, ?-'i@
4 75; lambs, $5 50@6 75.
Omaha.
CHICAGO, June 22.— CATTLE— Receipts,
23.0IX); slow and lower; good to prime steers.
$5 75®ti ti5; poor to medium. $4 25#6 50;
stockers and feeders. $2 60@4 50; cows. $1 50@
4 20; heifers, $2ig4 65; canners, '$1 50@2 60;
bulls, $2 50®4 25; calves, $2 50®5 50; Texas
fed steers. $4 Mi~> 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 2S.0O0; to-morrow,
25.000; steady; mixed and butchers. $5 10@
5 35; good to choice heavy. $3 30@5 40: rough
heavy, $5 lOfi-5 30; light. $5 10@5 25; bulk of
sales. $5 25Q0 35.
SHEEP — Receipts. 1S.700; sheep and lambs,
steady to 'lower; good to choice wethers, $4 75®
5 25; Western sheep, $3 50@4 90; native spring
lambs, $4 50&7 50; Western lambe, $G@« b5.
Chicago.
Prices of new white Potatoes had a sharp
advance under decreased supplies and a steady
demand, both for local consumption and ex
port. Rival Jobbers were still competing for
extra fancy stock and one small lot was sold
at $2 10 per cental. There was a fair inquiry
for Early Rose and Garnet Chiles and the
light receipts were well cared for at previous
prices. Red Onions were a little firmer, but
yellow were unchanged.
Green Corn and Cucumbers were in Increased
supply and both declined sharply. Los An
geles Tomatoes were firmer -under light re
ceipts and the market was well cleaned up
at the clore. Advices from the southern part
of the State say that almost the entire crop
of Tomatoes has been dried up by the hot
Bun and receipts are expected to be light for
some little while. New crop Green Peppers
are coming In freely and are bringing good
prices. Los Angeles Peppers have about had
their run and the quotations are withdrawn.
POTATOES— New White, $1 50@2 per ctl:
Early Rose, $1 40@l GO per ctl; Garnet Chiles.
$1 r.O<Sl 60 per ctl; old Oregon Burbanks, $19
1 35 per etl, old river Burbanks, 90c@$l per ctl.
ONIONS — Australian Yellow. $4 25®4 50 per
ctl: new Red, 70@S5c per sack; new Silver
skins, $1 25@1 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, $1 75@2 50 per
sack and $2@2 50 per crate; Asparagus, 5@7c
per lb: Rhubarb, 75c(@$l 25 per box; Green
Pean, $2® 2 50 per sack; Garden Peas, 4@5c per
lb; String and Wax Beans. 4@5c per lb; Toma
toes, 75c@$l 25 per box or crate for Ijoa An
geles and $1 10 for Mississippi; Summer
Squash, $1®1 25 for small and $1 75@2 for large,
boxes; Cabboue. $1 per.^ctl; Carrots, $1 per
sack; Cucumbers, C5®75c per box for Marys
vtlle find $1 50@l 75 for bay; Garlic. 4ig5c per
lb; Egg Plant. per lb: Dried Peppers, S@
10c for sun-dried and 12%@13c per lb for evap
orated; Dried Okra, 12%@15o per Ib; Green
Peppers, 10@12%c per lb for Chile and 20c for
Bell; Marrowfat Squash, .jobbing at lVife-o
per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
CHICAGO. June 22.— On the Produce . Ex
change to-day the butter market Was steady:
cretmery. 13%@17%c; dairy, ll%ig)16c. Eggs
steady, 14^14%c. Cheese easy. 7%@8c.
» O\TTLE, S1IEEP AXD HOGS.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. .
United States 100 105 105 101
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
A Imal gam Copper.. 8.300 50% 50 5OV4
Am Car & Found.. 200 17'4 17% 17VW
Am Car & F pfd .... 71
Am Cotton OH 200 25 25 24%
Am Cotton Oil pfd. ' 71
American Ice 300 «% *6% 6%
American Ice pfd.. 200 26% 26% 20%
Am Linteed Oil i
Am Linseed Oil pfd ...'.'. '.'..'. '.'.','. 24
Amer Locomotive.. 200 19% 19% 10
Amer Loco pfd 100 83Vi S.!>4 S3
Am Smelt & Ref.. 1,600 53% 53% 5.1%
Am S & Ref pfd... 800 0S% 0H% 98%
Amer Sugar Ref... 8,100 127% 128% 127%
Anaconda Min Co.. 100 73 7.3 72%
Brklyn Rap Trans. 5,300 49% 48% 49'
colo Fuel & Iron.. 700 31 »ft% 31
Consolidated Gas.. 12.300 107 194% 190*1
Corn Products .... loit
Corn Products pfd. .'500 fiG% 66% G7%
Distillers' Sees.... 2C0 21U 21 Vi 22(4
General Electric, 700 152 151 152
International Paper. 100 11 ll 10ti
Interntl Paper pfd. 100 67 67 fid •
Intjrnational Pump - <>e
Interntl Pump pfd 72
National Lead 200 20% '26% 20%
People's Gas-. I.606 8s" 97" 06%
Pressed Steel Car.. 1,100 27% 27 27%
Pressed S Car pfd 70
Pullman Palace Car .... * *"*" 212
Republic Steel «V
Republic Steel pfd. . *"" 41
Rubber Goods J5 ]
Rubber Goods pfd ;..*, """* 7714'
Tenr Coal & Iron.. 700 35% 35* ' 35^
U S Leather 6 af :
U S Leather pfd... 100 80 80" 79?!
U S Realty 1,000 6 y 5S6 5 |* ;
Ul^u a bb y er PW — h0 °° »* 53^ »8i
U S Rubber pfd... '.'.'.'.'. '\\\\ "" 65 0
}l s Steel pfd 15.700 66% 65% 56
A\ estlnghouse Elec . 156
Western Union 400 87% 87 87
Total sales 208,400 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. June 22.— No bond transac
tions to-day.
- AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Cornnjon bid, asked 4%; preferred bid 38%,
NEW YORK BONDS.
u S ref 2s reg..l04ftlL an unified 4s.l01%
Do coupon 105>>s|Man con gold 4s.lO4V4
Do 3s reg......lu5«4|Mex Central 4»... 03
D o coupon 106 | Do 1st inc 12
Do new 4s reg.132',4 Minn & fit L 4*.. 98%
. Do coupon 132% M. K & Tex 4s... VS%
Do old 4s reg.106'^ Do 2ds 78
Do coupon 105>,i|NR of Mex con 4s 74%
Atch gen 4s 1 lifJ%!N Y C gen 3%s..l01
Do adj 4s 93 IN J C gen 6s 132%
Atlantic C L 4s. 00 |Nor Pac 4s 104*i
Bal & Ohio 4s 102%; Do 3s 74
Do 3%s 957i,|Nor & W con 4s. 99»4
Central of Ga 5s. 110 |OSL 4s & partlc. 9UU
1st inc 74 1 Pa conv 3%s t»7
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO5%| Reading gen 4s... 100%
Chi & Alton 3U,s. 79 IK L A I M con 6S.115**
C. B A Q new 4s. 96 S L & S F f g 4s. 82%
U^i P gn 4sl09 st Loul8 sw 1»". 94}i
C & con 7s. 128% Seaboard A L, 4s. tU
c » • R 1 & Pao 4*. 69% So Pacific 4s »3«
Do col 6s 79H So Railway 5s 117%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s. 69Vi Tex & Pac lst*..llSVi
Chi Term 4s 70 T. St L A W 4s. 70U
Cons Tobacco 4s.. 61% Union Pacific 4s. .103%
Colo A So 49.... 83% Do conv 4s .... 99U
C F A I con 5s. 69 US Steel 2d 5s.. 75%
Den & Rio Q 4s.lOOVi! Wabash lsts nj
.Erie prior lien 4s.lOO Do deb B 60V1
_ D » gen 4s S6U W & L Erie 4s... 90%
£ D S ls^l<« Wls Central 4e... VI
Hock Val 4%s...lO9%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 30' Little Chief 05
Allc <» 30 Ontario 3 2S
Breece..... . lolophlr 350
Bruns Con 07|Phoenix .: vt
Com Tunnel OS|Potosi 08
Gon Cal & Va... 1 151 Savage " in
Horn- Silver 1 30! Sierra Nev ..! 34
iron Silver ..... 1 75! Small Hopes .... 20
I^advllle Con ... 02| Standard ......... 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |u S Steel ,o%
Call loans ..:..2£3%] Do pfd 65s!
Time loans . . . .3@4 | Westing Common. 77
Bonds— , Mining— - J
j Atchlson 4s 91% I Adventure IK
Do adj 4s 101% Allouex 0 9-ifi
Mex Central 4s... 61 Amal Copper ... 5O14
Railroad*— - Amer Zinc 0 iZ !
Atchison 72% Atlantic [. a .
Do pfd 95%|Bingham 21-^ '
Boston A Albany. 242 Calumet A Hecla.450
Bo«ton A Maine.. 163% (Centennial 20%
Boston Elev 157V4ICoppcr Range 43U
Fitchburg pfd.... 133 I Daly West . '" 23t
£" c « ntral 7%|Dom Coal ....['. 44S
N Y, N H & H..18« (Franklin ........ ?ij
Pere Marquette. .. 74 JGrancy .. 4 .
Union Pacific .... 87% I Isle Royal'e" .V.'.T tjv
Miscellaneous— iMass Mining .. ni*
Amer Arge Chem. 13%| Michigan .. " 52
Do pfd 73 Mohawk ..... : " 41 il
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Mont Coal A Coke 4
Amer Sugar ....127% Old Dominion jh
¦Do rfd 12S Oseeoia ori'
Amer Tel & Tel.l2S»4 Parrot .. "i]f
Amer Woolen ... 10% Qulncy an
pfd 76%ifchannon ...'.'.'...' «u
Dom Iron AS... 7% Tamarack on
Ed Elect Ilium... 234% I Trinity : q T /
Gen Electric ....151 D 8 Mining" 7.7.' 21
Maes Electric... 19%|U S CHI.... fo
'Do Pfd 72 Utah .'* 3«t/ I
Mass Ga« 39% Victoria rig
Lnited Fruit 105U Winona ..„...." mu.
In Shoe Mach... 49 Wolverine'.. 70^
Do pfd 29 •••.!-
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money ...90 3-16 N Y Central.... 11914
Do acct 90V, Nor A Western..! 57i'l
Anaconda 3% Do pfd . So
Atchlson 74%|Ont A Western!!' 26"*
Do pfd .... 97% 1 Pennsylvania 59154
Bait A Ohio *>2%|Rand Mines . jo%
Can Pacific 125% I Reading ... ViS.
Ches A Ohio 31% Do 1st pfd.'.V." 41%
Chi Great West.. 14U Do 2d pfd.... 3Hu
Chi. Mil A St P.147%|So Railway . . ' 21%
De Beers 19HI Do pfd S5
Den A Rio G 21 So Pacific ... 4714
Do pfd ,72 Union Pacific ...! ftgS
Erie v 24% Do pfd 9414
¦ Do 1st pfd 59 U S Steel • n»?
Do 2d pfd...... 36 Do pfd ' 5714
111 Central 134 Wabash ..... 17*
Louis A Nash 112% Do pfd " 37
M. K.A Texas... 17% Spanish 4s !! 87%
Bar silver — Firm. 25%d per ounce
Money — 1%@2 per cent.'
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2%@2»,4 per cent and for three
months' bills 2% per cent.
Condition of .the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,0(10 gold reserve
In the division of redemption. showH available
cash balance, $163,067,343; gold, $63,520,932.
Netv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. June 22. — Cotton futures
opened firm. June. 10.30c bid; July 10 45c-
August. 10.87c; September, 0.70c; October'
9:65c; December, 9.52c; January, 9.50c.
Cotton futures closed steady. June 10 4Sc*
July, 10.57c; August, 10.63c; September, 9 81c'
October, 0 60c; November, 8.00c; December
9.64c; January, 0.66c.
Ppot cotton closed 15 points higher. Middling
uplands. 11.25c; middling gulf. 11.50c. Sales
ncne.
. Neiv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. June 22.— FLOUR— Receipts
16.000 barrels; experts, 11,500 barrels Market
steady but quiet, except on choice grades.
WHEAT — Receipts, none; exports, 60 300
btif>h»|p. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, $1 07% f o
b. and nominal elevator; No. 1 Northern bu
luth, $1 01% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Mani
toba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options, except at
the opening, were lower, Paris cables and a
favorable weather map provoking weakness.
The close was steady at about unchanged
prices. July, S9%&89 18-I6c. closed S9Uc-
September. 84®84%c, closed 84 I-I60; Decem
ber. 84ViigS4'Jc, closed S4'/Jc.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
* SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair reflnlngr, 3 l-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 3 15-16c; molasses sugar,
S 3-16c; refined, steady.
- BUTTER — Firm. Creamery, common to
extra, ISft'lSc; State dairy, common to extra
13017c. -
CHEESE— Firm. u , J ..-
EGGS — Steady. Western extras, 17%©lSc
firsts. 16%©17c. * .•.»«#• •
COFFEE — Futures closed steady at a. de
cline of 10S15 polnU. Sales were reported of
63,500 bags, including: July, 6.75®5.8.">c; Sep
tember, «6 fi -05c: October, 6.10c; December,
6.25@H.40c; January, 6.40c; March, 6.40@<).65C'
May. 6.75@6.S5c.
DRIED FRUIT.
, EVAPORATED APPLES — The market ruled
quiet for old crop apples, but prices are steadily
held, owing to the absence of selling pressure.
Common. 4@5%c; prime, 6%@6%c; choice 1 ,- M2>
6%ct fancy, 7%c.
•.PRUNES — Quiet, quotations ranging from
2%c to 5%c, according to grade.
APRICOTS — Seem a shade easier under tha
continued slack demand, but prices are not
quotably changed." Choice are held at 9%®10c;
extra fholce, 10%@10%c; fancy, ll@13e.
¦ PEACHES — Continue flra. with supplies
Previous prices rule and the market con
tinues quiet.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 40@2 65: Pea $2 90£3;
Butters, $3; small White, $2 85^ 10: large
White. $2 35@2 60; Pink, $3 40@3 50; Red.
$4 25#4 60; Lima, $3 30©.1 40; Red Kidneys,
$4 75@5; Blackeye. $2@2 10 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2ig2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 25@4 50; Yellow
Mustard, $2 50@3; Flax $1 75@2: Canary,
5ya@5-J4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 14%@16c; Rape,
2@2%c; Timothy. 6<&«%c; Hemp, 3%@4c per
lb: Millet, 3®3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS-i-Blackeye. $3 .per c,tl;.Nlles,
$3 25; Green Peas, »3@3 25. '
Beans and Seeds.
HOPS— Jobbing at 27%®30c per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. Contracts for 1904 crop at
17%!g 1 20c are reported.
HIDES AND SKINS— Cnlls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c; medium. 8%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides, Sc for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides, 16c; dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf, ISc Sheepskins, nhearllngs. 25@30c each;
short Wool. 40<Sti5c each; medium. 70#00c: long
Wool, $1@1 50; Horse Hides, salt, $2 75 for
large and $2ff2 50 for medium, $1 25@1 75 for
small and 60c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium, $1@1 25
tor small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c: dry
CeDtral American, 30@32%c. Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium, 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4Vi@4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%@4c; grease. 2%©3c. .
WOOL — Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo
cino 17@19c: San Joaquln and Southern. 12
months' 10®12c; do 7 months', 9@llc per lb;
Middle Counties, 13@17c for free and 12®15c
for defective: Northern, 16@lSc for free and
14@16c for defective; Nevada, 13® 16c, accord-
Ing to condition.
A local house says of Wool: "As has fre
quently 'been tht case in previous years, the
Boston Wool market Is reported exceptionally
weak, while at all of the producing points In
the United States and, in fact, throughout the
world, the undertone is strong, with every
reason to believe that prices will go still
higher. Boston operators are doubtless aware
of the latter condition, and, notwithstanding
their dull market and the quiet trade in
progress in other Eastern centers, they have
agents out in all directions competing keenly
for available offerings^of Wool and paying
fancy prices. The local market Is In good
condition, with trading lively at the improved
prices, choice Wools readily bringing full
quotations." ';
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
WEDNESDAT, June 22—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. A*k.| Bid. Ask.
4 9 qr coup.. 107 mt>7%i 4s qr cp new.132%133%
4s qr reg...l06H10ti%!3s qr coup. ..10« 10tJ?4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s.l01 — Oalt T Co 6s. 119% —
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 Do Ss 112 — ?
Cal C O 5*. 102% 104 Do con 5s. — 103
Cal G U. E g Oceanic S 6s. — 75
m & ct os. 84% S5 Om Cable 6s. — 125
Cal-st C 5s. — 117% Pac O Im 4a. 02% m
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P E Ry 5s. — 103%
EdL & P &I.124 — P A C H'Bs.105 — '
F & C H 63.111% — P 4 O R CS. — 119
Geary-st 5s.. — 65 Powell-st 6s. — 114
H C&S 5%s.lOO — Sac EG*R5s. — 97?4
Do 5s 97T» — SF & SJVSs.117 —
Hon R T 6s.lO5 — Sierra R 6s.. — 113
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A to
L A Ry &S.111T4 — <1908) 108% —
L A L Co 6s — — (1810) 109 110
Do gtd 6s. — !— S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s.lO2% — (1905)Sr A. 102% —
LAP lem 5S.101 103 <1905)Sr B.103V* —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll5H — (190fi) 105 — '
Do lem 6s.ll4H — (1912) — 116
MVA MtT5s.l01% — ' SPC 1 eg 5s.ll0 —
NRR of C6s.lO7<4 — Do stmpd..lOS —
Do Rs 118%117 S P B R 6s.l32 —
N P C R 5S.10C 107 S V Wat Cs.105 10B
N C Ry 5s. — 112 Do 4s 2dm. 99 9!>%7
N C P C Bit. 98T4101 f Do 4s 3dm. — 99
N S R R 5s. — 100%| Do g mt*4s 97% —
O G LAH Ss.107— (Stkn GAESs. — 10H4
O W gtd 5s. — 100 |U G A E 89. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 40 (Port Costa... — —
Martn Co... — 60 |S V Wat Co* — —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% 3$;|S F G A E. 61 61U
Mutual E L. 12 12%! Stkn G A E. 5% —
Vac L Co. .. 57 — ! U G A E Co. — — .
INSURANCE
Flrem's Fnd.310 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l27% - |L P 4 A 150 160
Anglo-Cal .. 83% 88%IMer Trust.... 2C5 —
Bank of Cal. 424 430 IMercn Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 130 ' S F Nation!. — —
First Nation! — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.22S0 2330 | Sav A L So. — 100
Hum SAL. — — (Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100. — (Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.640 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 195 jPftsidio 41 —
Geary — 60 [
POWDER.
Giant 60U 61 IVisortt — ' B •
SUGAR.
HaoaP Co. — 20c ! Kllauea S C. — « .
Hawaiian C. 50 — IMakawell C. 21 % 23
Honokaa'S C 11% ll%IOnome» S C. 23% 27
Hutch SPC 7% — IPaauhau S C. 12% 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 137 13S%tOceanic S Co. 4% UL
Cal F C A. 99 100 |Pac Aux FA. 5 9
Cal Wine A. 89% 90%tFac Co Bora. 158 150
MVA MtTm.100 — I
Morning Session.
$14,000 3 P 'of Arizona (1900) 108 50 A^
Afternoon Session.
20 Giant Powder Con. * 60M1 .
20 Spring Valley Water Ct>. ..... T : fS
30 Spring Valley Water Co. b 10.. :• fft %
$7,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 p«f cent . sm*
$10,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar *a.. <&?¦»..»
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BOND?.
Bay CT>C 6s. — * 99 f.-i t * C X* 4*. -^ i'V**
Cal NW 5s.. — ll?&rf-P Co 4%J. 90 — .
M C Wat Ss.100 (Jon Tel «*..V,3 —
ris i wksss — }• :"jk rx> &s ..;..— ics
SF Drdk 5s — •l>3%l?atrr-»t T».is.ir<3 --iis
SF A NP 5s. - Ul\irB of W H. W% —
MlSCfc- f-AXEf>U3 STUCXiS,
Ala S Co... — "* IMaJ N»f Co. -~ 9*
Amer Bis Co — W >>>V Nit BV.lSO ?<M
Cal Cot Mils 80 87 !N 3 R R Co.. 9^ — , .'
Cal GAECor. 49% 51 IN C»l P Co — U>
Cal Powder..l25 145 Oak Bi S»r.mH-/
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak T C-a.. 75 .-'*£
Cal T I A T.115 — IOOF Hal! A. * f—
Cen Bk Oak — '65 Orpheuia C.-». — "/ 18
Chutes Co . , — 7% PacC Cas Co.125 —
City A C Bk — 112 Pac S Tel Co.iOO —
Cyp L Imp.. — 7% Pac Sur Co. 99-%120
East Dynm.. — 25O Paraf Paint. 3S —
DpntPwd pfd 75 85 S F Drydock. 60
Do com .. — 00 SFASJ Coal. — i 25
FN Bk. Oak.120 — S J Wat Co. — 108
Fischer Thtr — .1 SO A MTgbt.125 — -
Frnch-A Bk.108 — Swlsa-A Ilk. 115 — .
Ga* Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect. 11 13
Hono P Co.. 10 14 UR InC pfd. 47 50
Lon A SF Bk — W> Do com ... 9
Afternoon Session.
Board — '..; -
10 Cal Gas A Electric Corp 50 CO
C00O United R R of S 7 4 per cent.. 79 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
dl Stock — Bid. Asked.
Apollo .' 40 , ....
Associated Trust Certificates. IS 20
Attee 61
California Standard 13
Caribou S 50 4 00
Chicago Crude .'. . 20
1 Claremont 67 TO
Four ........ .............. ..«'. «W
Fulton 2 5O
Giant 15
Hanford 175 CO 19O CO
Home 1 50
Impenal - " £J*
Independence ¦¦•» - J
Kern ...... * * a
Kern River 10 00 ••-.
Monarch (of Arizona) -. M
Monte Crlsto ..... ; «* TO
Occidental of W \» «*» ....
OU City Petroleum M 6»
STOCK AST> BOND EXCHANGE.
CHICAGO. June 22. — Cash quotations were
a.s follows: Flour, dull and steady; No. 2
spring wheat, 93@0<Sc; No. 8, 85<3>93c; No. 2
red, 9S£?9!)c; No. 2 corn. 48%g;48%c: No. 2
yellow. 51c; No. 2 oats. 41@41%c; No. 3 white,
40$T44c; No. 2 rye, 65c; good feeding barley.
31ff40c: fair to choice malting, 42@51c; No. 1
flaxseed. $1 01; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 07:
prime timothy seed. $2 02%; mess pork, per
bbl. $12 75@12 80; lard, per 100 lbs, $« 92%5»
(> 95; short ribs sides (loose).- $7 25@7 37%:
short clear sides (boxed). $7 25#7 3D; whisky,
basis of high wines, $123; clover, contract
grade. $12 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, hblg 17.700 17.700
Wheat, bu 450,500 28.000
Corn bu 685.400 62,700
Oiits, bu 25Ifl,20O 5.1,300
Rye. bu 7,000 1.800
Barley, bu 38,600 3,800
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Receipts of Hay were very light yesterday
and the market showed no change. Bran and
Middlings were steady at previous prices.
BRAN— $22f?23 per ton
MIDDLINGS— $24@29 per top.
SHORTS— $22023 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22 50®23
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $30 50@31 50;
Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22@23 : Corn
Meal, $32®33: Cracked Corn. J32 60(333 50:
Mixed Feed. , $22@23 ; Horse Beans, $30@40 per
ton; Broom Corn Feed, 00c per ctl.
HAY — Old crop— Wheat. $10@14 50; Wheat
and Oat $11@12 50; Oat. $9@12; Wild Oat, $7®
10: Barley and Oat, $7@11; Stocky- $7@S; Al
falfa, $7®10 per ton. New crop.— Volunteer
Wild Oat, $7(^8 00 per ton; Wheat, $9<g-12 50;
Wheat anfl Oat. $3®12; Oat, $9; Alfalfa, $7
per ton.
STRAW— «SO@80c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%e per lb for
compound and S%c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
6%c; 10-lb tins. 0V4c; 5-lb tins. 8*»c; 3-lb tins,
0%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel,' 8%c; three
half barrels, 8&c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 0%c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
13%c for extra light and 15@16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Cali
fornia Hams, 12@12%c; Mess Beef. $109
10 50 per bbl; extra Mess. $11@U 50; Family.
$12@12 50; prime Mess Pork, $14; extra clear,
$22: Mess. $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 9*ic; Pig
Pork.. $26; Pigs 1 Feet, $3; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb.
This market is still inactive and unchanged.
• Chicago was weaker on the day, with the
small receipts of Hogs at primary points still
the important feature. Shipments of Meats are
about the same as last >car, but those of Lard
are less.
Provisions.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $1 60@
4 90, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 C0@4 80;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 85®4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 60. per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50: extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Oroats, $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $4;
Farina, »4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75:
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25®8 60; In sacks. $« 75@
8 10; Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CONDITION OF BUSINESS.
How a -Vrtc York Financier
Views the Situation.
Th« New York circular of Henry Clews sars:
"Though dealing* on the Stock Exchange
sire limited, the market displays a strength
or undertone that promises well for the future,
lirovided no untoward events Intervene during
the next tw o months. The chief source of
«;re.rjr.h at present la a satisfactory monetary
situation, funds being plentiful enough to
avoid any anxiety concerning crop demands
• hen they begin- The next reason for hope
fulness ic the crop outlook, which Is satisfac
tory as a whols in spite of backwardness. Re
ports of biusineM reaction are frequent and
are unfortunately confirmed by current reports
of railroad earning* and other evidences of
contraction; but Wall street turns a com
j>a.rativr!y dtaf ear to such arguments, and
replies that all »uch conditions were discount
ed long ago by the shrinkage in security values
fcnd that the time is now ripe for anticipating
better thing*.
"One eigniflcant demonstration of confidence
is the quick absorption of recent bond issues.
These have bern numerous and large, but the
promptr.ee* with which they have been taken
end their absolute failure to depress the stock
market reveal aii underlying strength that is
loth surprising and gratifying. Thi* week has
witnessed two new big issues— $10,000,000 New
York Central bonds and $40,000,000 Southern
Paciflc preferr«d 7 per cent stock. The former
was expected but the latter was a surprise,
but neither exerted any appreciative pressure
on the market, excepting in the Southern Pa
cific common ehares. This shows a buying
power In reserve that was quite unexpected.
FINANCIAL CONDITIONS.
"Though financial conditions have much Im
proved, the same can hardly be said of gen
eral business and industry, both of which are
handicapped by high prices and high costs of
production. The process of readjustment, how
ever, la already under way. Pigtron has had
a heavy fall, and finished iron products must
toon, accept the inevitable, although price*
are still held up by trust influences and con
tracts delayed in consequence. A great deal
of work is al*o postponed by the excessive
demands of labor; but these, too, must be
modified by the Inevitable levellng-down pro
cest, which has already set in. Cotton and
cotton goods are also declining, and thus
facilitating re-establishment of the industry
upon a sounder basif than heretofore. Thi*
process of readjustment, painful a? It is, must
te faced, and the H-ss it is resisted the better
for all. Costs of production are altogether too
high and the cost of living cannot be reduced
until these come down from the excessively
htgh level of the past few years. As soon as
those who take the initiative find values eet
tled upon a. more normal bafts business im
provement will succeed present depression.
Good crops this fail will be the most Important
factor in ary improvement. Crop failure*
would be national disasters, not only as affect
ing our Jorelgn trade and our agriculture as
the chief basis of our prosperity, but also be
cause of the effect upon prices of food prod
ucts, which are already very high for the rea
son that demand is overtaking supply. Hence,
our particular needs this year is good crop*.
OUR FOREIGN TRADE.
•A rather unsatisfactory feature of our for
eign trade movement was a decrease of $15.
ffjy/HX) in May exports, due to a shrinkage of
ffc.fXXi.OOO In wheat. $3,000,000 in cotton and
*2!s«io!c«JO in corn. ' Our exports of manufac
tures and minerals are, however, increasing,
and If the present downward tendency of com
rr.odity rrices continues the shrinkage in ex
ports will be only a temporary affair.
"Our credit abroad continues good, and gold
shipment* appear to have ceased for the pres
ent. Euroi* having satisfied Its Immediate
nants. What effect the war will have upon
the gold movement remains to be seen, this
and the increasing eupply of loanable funds
being the chief Inducements to gold ehiptnentE.
Very soon future cotton and grain bills will
b* in better supply, sufficient, possibly, to off
set these influences. Little attention is paid
to the Presidential campaign, which contains
no ¦>•_.;.:.*-¦ or alarming issues and no queetlon
com-ernms; the soundness of our currency.
"The outlook for the market may be con
fc.dered more favorable. Bad features have
been amply discounted, stockg are concentrated
In strong hand* and money 1* plentiful. These
a<-e conditions favorable to manipulation should
the big leaders to agree, and in the absence
»rf *ufh plans we may look for a fair trading
imtrket. subject to the influence at all times
of '-rop reports."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
£AN FRANCISCO. June 22—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
perstur** are reported for previous day from
En stern cities:
Boston M-60, N>w Orleans. ..'. .90-70
rincinnati 62-61 Philadelphia «6-70
Jacksonville J»O-74 Washington 84-<W
6t. Louis 7S-0CI New York M-68
" ~~~ " THE COAST RECORD.
"* a K K a 2 5
* ?Ss C 5f <:» *
\ i up *| ll %
STATIONS. 2 3a 33 »3 ??¦ »
i 5 5 : : ?
; a « ; ,^«^-- • • j
Baker 2«.»« 6« 40 N Clear !«b
Orson 28.72 7* SO BW Cloudy .00
Hureka 30. (MS 54 4« N Clear .00
Fresno 2S.72 »4 <50 NW Clear .00
F.E. Farallon.28.8S 64 M NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 23.70 76 34 fiW Clear .00
Poratello 29. Ct 82 54 W Clear .00
Independence .29.72 88 «« 6 Cloudy .00
J>o» Angeles... 28. fi8 72 M SW Clear .00
Mt Tam«lp«J».a«.»«» €8 45 NW Clear .00
North Head.. 30. 20 I>t 4S NW Cloudy .01
I>hf«nlx 29.»>4 IWf 70 W Clear .00
Point Reyes... 28. 7» &3 47 NW Cloudy .00
Portland 30.14 fi2 4« NW Cloudy .00
J><J Bluff 2».<!8 S<2 62 SE Clear .00
noseburg 30.1O 6« 48 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.74 fcO 54 8 Pt.Cldy .00
Halt Lake 29.64 hi M B Clear Tr.
Ban FYancUic6.2a.fc8 00 50 SW Clear .00
Kan I.,.Oto!spo.29.RS «S 48 W Clear .tiO
Han Ultgo Z».H4 «:S t2 NW near .00
Heattle .10.12 B0 44 N Rain .OS
Fpokane 2».»4 «2 42 W Pt.Cldy .«*>
Tatoosh 30.12 f.2 4« SW Rain ,m
Walla Walla.. 29. »S «J 48 XV Clear .00
Winnemueca .28. «J4 84 6C W Cloudy .00
yunu 23. C2 08 62 SW Clear .CO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over the north
ern half of the Pacific Elope. •
Cloudy weather with thunder storms Is re
ported In the Elerras.
Slightly warmer weather prevails In th«
Bar-ramento Valley, with afternoon temper* !
Atunes rangJnr from £0 to 02 degree*. ,
The following high winds are reported: Eu
refc*. 315. northwest; Southeast Farallon, ¦ 3O,
northwest.
Forecast made ftt San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June 23:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, except
thunder dorm* In the afternoon In the Sierras; I
llfht north winds chanrlng to brisk westerly |
on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday, possi-
My thunder etorms in the mountain*; fresh
-potfi^e^t wind*.
Nevada Cloudy, unsettled weather Thursday,
with thunder storm* in the mountains; brisk to
h's-1) sooth west winfls.
Sun Frsnclteq and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
fresh south winds, changing to brisk westerly.
A. O. McADIE. District Forecaster. '
. ¦ ¦•¦?•'.«." ¦
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
Tot the lirenty-rour fccari endlnr 5 p. el.'
FRUITS — New crop futures — Apricots, 7®8c;
Peaches, 5%igee per lb. Old crop^ — Evaporated
Applei. 4H®«?lc: sun-dried. 3®4%c.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2®2Vic for the four
sizes. •
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 4-crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown, 4Vic; 2-crown, 4c: Malaga,
loose, S-crown, 4c; 2-crown. 3%c; Thompson's
seedless, 4c; seedless Sultanas, 3%c; seedless
Muscatels. 3 Vic; do floated, 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy, 5%c; choice, 5Uc;
12-oz. cartons,' fancy, 4%c:' choice, 4%c; in
bulk, fancy, 5V4c; choice, 5c; Imperial clus
ters. $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy. $2; London
Layers. 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown, $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13%®14c;
No. 2, ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13@13%c;
No. 2, 11®11%c; Almonds, Jl%c for Nonpa
riels. ll%c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9 Vic for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for
Eastern; Pecans. IIiJtISc; Cocoanuts, *i 50ff5.
HONEY— Comb, 11%®12%c for white and
10@llc for amber; water white extracted, 59
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5c; dark.
3%«?4c. *«. 7»v .
B^EESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,H oney.
The annual report of the London and Saa
Francisco Bank for the year ended March 31.
1904. rhows net earnings of f22.277. whicn.
with £50i1 broutrht forward from the previous
year and th« £25.000 reserve, made £52.300
available for distribution. Of this amount
£8035 was applied to writing down the valua
of conrols to &5 and other investments to the
market value as t)t March 31, 1904. The sum of
£29.372 was written off for losses Incurred
during the previous year and £11.200 was ap
plied to two seral-annual dividends at the rats
of 4 per cent per annum, leaving £3692 to
carry forward. The sum of £110.166 has been,
realized from assets of undetermined value, of
which £2S.1O9 ha* been realized since last
report. This la from the capital reserve ac
count of £210,000, which was created when
tha capital of the bank was reduced.
Th-» Ophir Mining Company has Just received
$16,026 :;« from the sale of eight carloads of
ore and eight carloads remain on the way,
with more to follow.
The Central Trust Company has declared a
half yearly dividend at the rate of 3.23 per
cent on ordinary deposits and 3.60 per cent on
term, payable July 1. Tha rate on ordinary
deposits shows an increase of .23 per cent as
compared with the preceding six months. That
on term deposits remains the same.
The shareholders of the Mutual Electrio
L'ght Company have authorized the creation
of a bonded indebtedness of $400,000. of which,
$250,000 will be issu'd. arrangements having
been made for their sale.
The French-American Bank has declared a
semi-annual dividend on its capital stock at
the rate of 5 per cent per annum, payabla
Ju!y 1.
The Savings and Loan Society has declared
a semi-annual dividend at the rate of 3.25 per
cent per annum on all deposits, payable July
1. This Is the same rate as paid for the half
year ending December 31. 1U03.
Business on the San Francisco and Tonopah
Exchange > continues lively as will be seen,
while the other exchanges are very dull. The
Comstock mines have been slowly declining
for some little time, but they are devoid of
feature. The local mining stock and oil ex
changes will adjourn from the close of business
on Thursday. June 30. until Tuesday. July 6.
The French Savings Bank has declared a
semi-annual dividend at the rate of 3.25 per
cent per annum von all deposits, payable
July 1.
All Stocks Continue Dull Except
the Tonopahs.
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 22. — Initial quotations on
July wheat were unchanged to %c lower at
84%c to S4?ic. September was unchanged to
a shade higher at 7!>!*@8Cc. Early In the day
there were conflicting elements — small re
ceipts, a strength of foreign grain markets
and a bearish Prussian crop report, as op
posed to excellent weather in the Southwest
and a bearish crop report from Iowa. For a
time "a quite general disposition to sell was
manifested, resulting In a slight • de-~
dine. t Then the sentiment In the pit
suddenly changed. July advanced to 85%c and
September to 80%@80i4e. The market again
weakened on selling of September by North
western houses, the distant delivery declining
to 79%(g'79%c. July showed more firmness,
selllni? off a trlflo and Just before the close all
the loss was regained on covering by shorts,
rir.nl figures showing almost no change from
yesterday's closing prices. July closed at a
gain of %c, 84?ic; September was unchanged
at 79 %c.'
At. the start the corn market showed a little
downward tendency, but the close was steady,
with July a shade higher at 48%c. September
closed at 48%<SH8%c.
Small receipts and a bullish Prussian crop
report had a steadying effect on oats. July
closed unchanged at 39%c.
Provisions were weak under general liquida
tion. The market closed near the low point,
with September pork down 20c, lard off 10@
12 %c and ribs 10@12 %c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
July, old 85% \ 86% 85% 86
July! new 84% 85V* 84^ 84%
September, old. 81% 81% 81% Sl%
September, new. 80 . S0»4 79% 79%
Corn, No. 2 —
June .... .... 48
July 48% . 48% 48% 48%
September 48% 48% 48% 4*%
Oats, No. 2 —
June •••• •'¦ •••• 41
July 3SH4 39% 38% 39%
September 32 V4 32% 32 32
Mess pork, per bbl —
July ....12 05 13 00 12 77% 12 80
September 13 15 13 27% 13 05 13 05
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July.. 6 97% 7 05 6 95 6 97%
September 7 15 7 25 7 12% 7 15
Short ribs, per 100 lbs —
julv ...„ 7 47% 7 50 7 40 7 42%
September 7 62% 7 72% 7 60 7 62%
Future Grain and Provisions.
U'ail-strcci Stocks firm and Cotton higher.
Tonopah Mining Shares active; others neglected.
Silver ar.d local Exchange higher. Foreign Exchange lozt'er.
Shipment of $t .448,592 in Treasure to China and Japan.
Wheat and Barley markets quiet and featureless.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay in lighter receipt and steady. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Nothing nczv in Beans and Se<:ds.
Bv.tt cr, Cheese and Eggs still in liberal supply.
Hams, Bacon and Lard plentiful at previous prices.
Wool still firm and moving off briskly.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs shozv no further change.
Nero Potatoes advance, under decreased supplies.
Early Tomato crop in the south damaged by heat.
Poultry depressed by the absence of demand.
Fresh Fruits in large supply and weak.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Hay, tana 161 ! Lime. - bbls - 460
btraw. tons .... 51 Quicksilver flics. . 40
OREGON.
; Wheat, ctls 9.383|
. ' WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .. 5.860J Shorts, sks .... l.«70
Bran, sks 2.790, Feed, sks 300
EASTERN.
Corn, ctlj 750i Cornmeal ctls. ... 600
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 94% 94% 04% 04%
OATS — Previous conditions rule and the mar
ket Is devoid of interest.
Old crop — White, $1 40@l 45; Black, $1 20®
1 25; Red, $1 20<ffl 30; Gray, nominal. New
crop— Red. $1 15@1 20 per ctl.
CORN — Receipts from the West are the dally
feature now, and thotfe from State sources,
though still light, are becoming more- frequent.
The market 1* quiet and unchanged.
Western sacked, $1 42%@1 45 for Yellow,
$1 42V-@1 45 for White and $1 40®l 42% for.
Mixed; California large Yellow. $1 42%®1 .45;
small round do. $1 60@l 55; White, $1 42 %@
145 per ctl; Egyptian, Jl 32%@1 42% for
White and $1 25@1 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 30® 1 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75®2 per cU.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December... 93% Vi% U3% 94%
2 p. m. Session.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Feed. $1 01%@l 03% for old and $1@1 02%
for new; Brewing. $1 03® 1 10; Chevalier.
$1 02%@l 10 for fair to choice.
CASH BARLEY.
• ¦ Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 26% $1 20% $1 20% $1 26%
BARLEY — New and old Feed are now close
together In ' price and the latter will soon
cease to figure. The market continues quiet
and unchanged.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 2BV4 $1 20% $1 25% $1 20%.
2 p. m. Session. .
California Club. $1 27%<ai 32*4- California
White Australian, $1 52%@1 57%: Northern
Club. $1 30<g>l 35; Northern Bluestem, Jl 50
<gl 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
CASH WHEAT.
Berlin on London ........ .20.39'i
Parts on London 25.1S
,,7/J ; •_ - . .
. ' Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Paris futures were lower, but' Liv
erpool futures were unchanged.
Chicago showed but little variation . and re
ported the movement slow. = Liverpool was
cabled rather more active on a reduction of two
points In the . condition of the Russian crop,
though it Is still eight points above last year.
The milling situation is stagnant.
The local | situation remains unchanged,
though the feeling is weak and holders are dis
posed to meet buyers. The market is quiet all
around.
NEW YORK, June 22. — Tin showed im
provement both at hftme "''and ! abroao, al
though there was no material urgent demand.
London quoted epot at £116 17s fid and fu
tures at £110 7s 6d. "Locally .the market
closed with spot quoted at $25 50£r25 75.
Copper was a shade lower In London,
closing at £5tl 7s 6d for spot and £56 5s for
futures The local market holds steady; lake,
$12 62!<>(M2 7f>; electrolytic, $12 50@12 62%;
casting," $12 12%@12 25. ,'<-«
Lead was steady here at $4 50. In London
It was unchanged at £11 10s.
Spelter advanced slightly in London, closed
at £21 17s (id and remained steady locally at
$4 75@4 8714.
Iron closed at 51b 3d In Glasgow and at 42s
10%d in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron is quiet:
No. 1 foundry. Northern, $14 5O4P15; No. 2
foundry. Northern. $13 75@14 25; No. . 1
foundry. Southern and No. 1 roundry. Southern
soft, $13 25@13 75.
Pig iron warrants were weak at $9.
Chicago Board of Trade.
New York Metal Market.
small and well . held. ; Choice, 7@"Uc; extra
choice. 7%@8c.
• CURRANTS — $3 50@6 per chest.
CHERRIES — In small packages, 75@90c; In
bulk, 7®9c per lb for Black and 5-Q;7%c for
Royal Anne. . . _
APRICOTSr-Small boxes and crates. 40®
75c; baskets. 40<S50c; in bulk, 1%®3c per lb.
APPLES— Old. $1 50@2 25 per box; new
Green. 25^50c for small boxes and baskets and
75c(ff$l for large boxes.
PEARS — 23©33c per box or basRet for Mad
eline and 75c per box for Lawson.
PEACHES — 50^750 per box or basket; large
open boxes, $1 2«i. --•• . • .
PLUMS — Sa'geOc per package. •
FIGS — lO©t>5c for single-layer and $1@1 25
for double-layer boxes.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, $2 B0@3 per crate;
Watermelons. 2c per lb. <
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1@3 per
box as to size and quality; Valencias. $1 3C@
2 CO* Mediterranean Sweets. $1 75; Tangerines,
$1 75@2; Lemons. $2 50<82 75 for fancy. $1 50®
1 75 for choice, and $1©1 25 for standard;
Grape Fruit. $1 B0®2 for seedless and $ 1 '<j 1 50
for ordinary; Mexican Limes. $4@5 per case;
Bananas $2@3 per bunch for Central American
and $1@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $2@3 per
dozen.
GOOSEBERRIES — 7c per lb.
previous prices, while Watermelons were dull
owing to the cool weather.
At the auction sale three carloads of Oranges
were sold at the following prices: Navels,
$1 75@1 80 for fancy, $14O@1 60 for choice
and $1 20igl 43 for standards; extra fancy
Mediterranean Sweets $2 05; standard Malta
Bloods. $1 50.
STHAWBERRIE9-$3 50®5 per chest for
Longworths and $2 50©4 for the larger va
rieties.
LOGANBERRIES— $2@3 per chest for red
and $2 50®3 50 for black.
BLACKBERRIES— $4@7 per chest; crates.
60c.
RASPBERRIES— $3® 7 per chest; crate* from
Newcastle. 5Oc; from Fresno, $1.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 1904.
Continued on Page Fourteen,
Flour, qr ska .. O,105| Wool, bales .... 89
Wheat, ctls.... 48.1761 Feed, sks . 11
Barley, ctls .... 1,2901 Screenings, sks.. 200
Oats, ctls 771 Shorts, sks ..... 100
Corn, ctls • 432 Leather, rolls .. 96
Beans, sks 160 Hides. No. 702
Potatoes, sks .'. 2.««0 Pelts. No. 255
Onions, sks .... 23ft Tallow, ctla ... 209
Middlings, sks.. eSOlWlne. gals .... 33,150
FOR WEDNESDAY. JUNE 23.
Receipts of Produce.
Sterling and New Tork Exchange and Silver
are all higher. ¦ New York on Mexico la lower
and Parts on London lower. Berlin on London
shown a slight advance. .
The Coptlo took out a treasure list of $1,448.
502. consisting of $4208 in Mexican dollars, $920
in gold coin and' $127,000 in silver bullion for
Hongkong, $40.4G4 In silver bullion for Shang
hai *uid $1,276,000 ' in Mexican dollars for
Kobe. :¦¦ . : • -¦ ¦• ' ' Vi v j=.-T J *V
> LOCAL. .
Sterling Exchange, • sixty days... _" $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight* ........ — . 4 88
Sterling Exchange, cables ....... — 4 89
New York Exchange,' sight. . — 10*
New York Exchange,- telegraphic. — 12%
Sliver, per ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollars -.....'... .:...... 45% ©45%
INTERNATIONAL. . ¦-¦>
New Tork on Mexico «.;.." ... .214
Exchange and Bullion.
Supplies of most descriptions of deciduous
fruits were too large for the regular local trade
to absorb, and as there was- very little call for
shipping the general market had an easy tone
and there was quite a surplus unsold* at the
close. Black Cherries were In limited supply
and firm nt higher rates,' but Royal Anne were
weaker, as country canners were unloading on
this market, expecting to benefit by the high
prices. Apricot* In bulk sold for canning ac
count at $.10@33 per ton, while the regular
trade paid 2®:tc per pound for bulk lots. Small
packages of all -kinds of tree fruits, except
Cherries, were weak and prices were generally
lower. Tragedy Prunes appeared from Court
land and sold at $1 per crate. Supplies of all
kinds of Berries were well up to requirements
and Long-worth Strawberries ..were dull and
lower. Cantaloupes were in fair request at
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
WILSON
The -Auctioneer.
UNREDEEMED STORAGE AT PUBLIC
AUCTION.
CONTENTS OF SEVEN FLATS, •
TO-DAY, 11 O'CLOCK A. M.
WILSON'S AUCTION ROOMS,
"818 and 820 Mission St., near Fourth.
All at your own price.
WILSON— THAT'S ALL.Fancy. vests at cost. See window. To:
Dillon, hatter, opposite Palace. • ¦_ •-
The ninth commencement exercises
of the California . College of Osteopa
thy will take place to-night at Stein
way Hall. The degree of doctor oi
osteopathy will be conferred upor
the following: iLelia Belle Butcher
Sarshel De Pew Cooper, Sally Jewe
Davis, Mary Olive Greenwell, Cather
ine Lfloyd Oliver and Kate Crowhurs
Slaughter.
Osteopaths Will Graduate.
Weak Eyes cured by Murine Eye .{em
cdy. Cures pink eye and /all lnflamec
conditions. - ' ¦ : •
Mrs. HelenM. Organ' and her sot
Frank, a minor, yesterday sued C. J
Baccus, a butcher, for $5000.
"The damages are claimed because
the son was run down by one of tht
butcher's carts, driven by Fred Sieben
berg, on December 13 of last year
Young Organ is still lame as the re
suit of the accident.
Damages for Broken T/tg.
Bamuel Tambarchl reported to .th«
police last night that he waa robbed
In the Camp Fire Saloon of $95. Th<
arrest of Eugene Bodesta on this com
plant by! Policeman R. G: Skain fol
lowed. He was taken to the Cltj
Prison, -where a chargre of . errand lar
ceny was placed . against his . name
Tambarchl • says that he . lives In th<
Martini Hotel. on Broadway and San
some streets.. Last Tuesday he visited
the Barbary. Coast .and while In th<
Camp Fire Saloon he missed .his time
piece.
I/oses Money In Saloon.
Wife— Did doctor prescribe Old Gilt Edge?
Husband— Xo; he said ret the best whiskey.
He knew that I ' knew and ' now you know
which is the. best. Wholesale at 29-31 Battery
St., 8. F. . Wlchman. Lutsren 4 Co. •
APPEAL, IS DENIED.— A mandate from the
Supreme ¦ Court of the United States denying
the appeal' of the Atlantic. Gulf and Pacific
Company from the , decision of • the United
States .District- Court of Northern California,
was received here yesterday and placed on flle.
The original Judgment of the court will b» car
ried out. " , . ¦
Reliable gas ranges $16 60. ¦ regular
price $20. this week only at S. F. Gas
& Eiectric Co.. 416 Post st. •
YOUNG FORGER SENTENCED.— Ernest J.
Throckmorton, the young man who pleaded
guilty In tbe United States court on "Monday
to having forged the name of J. C. Waddle to
a postofflee money order, was sentenced I yes
terday by Judge De Haven to pay a fine of
$500 and to be confined In Alameda County
Jail until came is paid. '. . ¦
Paines Get $800 Damages.
Texas M. Paine and Murrell T.
Paine were allowed $800 damages
from the San Bernardino Traction
Company by the Supreme Court yes
terday. A car collided with the buggy
In which plaintiffs were riding and
they were badly injured as a result.
The corporation denied that the mo
torman had been negligent, but the
Supreme Court finds that, the evi
dence is in favor of the Palnes.
That the board of trustees of the j
Napa State Asylum for the Insane had j
fully detennined to award the contract
for butter supply to "Wheaton. Pond &
Harrold before looking, at. the other,
bids is the opinion of the other dairy
produce companies that entered com- j
petitive bids. A. I* Lundy stated
yesterday that alter the envel
opes had been opened a . filled out
bid was discovered among them with
no signature attached. A comparison
of the bids was made by Judge Reuben
Swain, with the result that the.' un
signed one was said by Mr. Harrold to
be that submitted by his firm. Imme
diately thereafter the board of trustees
awarded % the contract to Wheaton.
Pond & Harrold, although their bid was
higher than that of any competitor ex
cept one. causing a yearly difference of
S2000 to the State.
Max Goldberg of 638 .Kearny street,
one of the trustees of the Napa State
Hospital, says the action of the board
in awarding the contract to the highest
bidder was due. to the fact that that
company had served the Institution for
the last year without cause of com
plaint. Previously to that time they had
been served with inferior and bad but
ter and frequent complaint had to be
made. The board came to the conclu
sion that good butter could not be
served at such a low price an^,°" ffl
count of the previous good service the
contract was relet to Wheaton. Pond &
Harrold for the ensuing year.
Louis Titus, attorney for the A. u.
Lundy Company, says his clients win
offer a bond with any surety company
to furnish a good grade of butter at the
price in their bid. The Lundy Company
owns two dairies, which turn out a
total daily supply of 3000 pounds, and
i that is the reason for their extremely
i low bid. That their service is satisfac
tory is evidenced by their being re
awarded the contracts for the Mendo
cino State Hospital and for the Agnew
Hospital for the Chronic Insane for the
ensuing year at the price quoted to the
TJSffifii. »-«*¦•« y*r
will be held to-night Napa to con
sider the lnjunctions^eanwhlle Attor
ney Generak.Webb will look after the
institution's interests..
"DU BARRY" WINS -APPLAUSE.
FROM LARGE AUDIENCES
Sirs. ILeslie Carter's Presentation of
Great Role » Trlnmpn.^of Dra
nintlc Art.
The secod week of Mrs. Leslie Car
ter's magnificent production of David
BelaBco's "Du Barry" at the Grand
Opera-house is drawing, full and en
thusiastic houses. Mrs. Carter's work
In the leading role Is universally rec
ognized as one of the greatest tri
umphs, of emotional acting ever seen
on the American stage. Her capable
support are winning nightly applause.
For the splendid setting given the
drama in the rich and historlarfly ac
curate furniture and costumes of the
several acts each withdrawal of the
curtains brings a new chorus of de
lighted-approval. . ; ¦„-
Mrs. Carter reaches a climax In her
art in the great third act of the play.
The daring * scene with the jealous
Louis XV, when she hides her faith
ful lover, the hunted Cosse. in her
bed is one of the most Intense mo
ments in modern drama. Then comes
the wonderiul garden picture, with ita
alternations of mad revelry, and tragic
suspense. "After me the deluge,"
quoth Mmc.de Pompadour. All this is
part of the deluge. . Its ebb ; follows
in the . terrible scenes from the revo
lution, when' the Du Barry, once mil
liner, then, the. toy of the world, who
cost France 35,000,000 francs according
to the historians, is dragged to her trial
before the Sans-Culottes tribunal and
to her death under the guillotine. .
To-day begins the sale of seats for
the third week of the presentation.
APPOINTMENT OF RECORD CLERK.—
Charles W. Harmon, of Eureka 1 was appointed
•ecord clerk by Postmaster Flsk yesterday and
lssigned to assist the secretary of .th« Civil
Service Board. . The | position pays $300 per
f e*r. ...... .
City Physician Purlenky yesterday
reported to Jlealth Officer Ragan that
Ah Hong, a leper, escaned from the
Twenty-sixth-Street Hospital last Sat
urday by scaling the fence and is now
at large. . The. Police Department has
been- requested to apprehend the pa
tient. = ..';
Leper Escapes From Hospital.
Harry Brown of 317 Tennessee street,
while placing electrical wires in/ the
<?ngrine-room at the Union Iron Works
yesterday, was severely burned about
the head and. face by the explosion 'of
a gasoline tank into which fell' a live
spark from a revolving piece, of ma
chinery. He was treated at the Po
trero Hospital byDr. Buell and later
was removed to a private hospital.
Injured by a Gasoline Explosion.
VIEW OF THE HULL. OF PACIFIC MAIL, COMPANY'S FREIGHT STEAMSHIP
ALGOA. SHOWING GAP CAUSED BY THE ROCKS OF POINT BENITA:
ALSO PORTRAIT OF CAPTAIN LOCKETT. WHO COMMANDED HER.
TOBELMANNTS TRIAL SET.— The trial of
Fredrick Tobelmann. charged with murder,
tvat. set for July 25 before a Jury in Judge
l>unne'e court yesterday. Tobelmann shot and
killed lii* wife. Mary, in his brother-in-laWs
house. 60K*» Minna street, on April 1. because
thf had refused to live with him and support
him.
The work of repairing the Injured
hull will be hurried as much as possi
ble, for the cost of keeping the freight
er in the drydock comes to $1500 a day.
At this rate even the Morgans and
Rockefellers .could not pay lodging ex
penses for ships • for any length oi
time. Bids will be received" for thf
work of repairing the . vessel as soot
as Captain Metcalf completes. his esti
mates. • ¦
Captain Lockett. who commanded
the Algoa. 'at. the time of. the accident,
was one of the first to view the injured
hull. He seemed almost broken-heart
ed when he saw the ravages worked on
her by the sharp rocks of Point Bo
nita. "The poor. Algoa," he said.
"She's pretty badly battered, but ' I
think we were lucky to get out of that
place at all, though few seem to share
my opinion. Nothing can stand against
those tides. See those dents aft? First
we struck head on, then slid over the
rocks. It seems miraculous that we
ever got off at all."
If the Algoa had not been a com
partment ship the waters of the Golden
Gate would be grinding her sunken
hull against the rocks. Probably with
in a few moments of the first shock
6he would have gone down to join the
Rio Janeiro and others. But the rush
of water that surged throu eh the rent
In her bow only slapped against a.wa
ter tight bulkhead and churned up the
fireworks. »V«\! • -
It may be weeks before the prow of
the Algoa will cut deep water again.
She now lies in the drydock at Hunters
Point with a gaping hole under her
bow and numerous dents below the
water line aft. Rough estimates place
the damage at mGre than $75,000.
Like a surgeon making a diagnosis
on a badly wounded patient, Captain
John Metcalf, surveyor for Lloyds,
walked under the enormous hull meas
uring the damaged plates. A trip into
the hold Lliowed that even the massive
iron frame of the freighter had suffered
from the terrific jar that vas received.
From the jagged hole in the bow
thousands of firecrackers, melted into a
slimy pulp, oozed forth and dyed a
large area of the dock red. The rent
was so large that the entire contents
of the forward compartment. were eas
ily dumped through it. Tea, spices,
curios and samples of all the wealth of
the Orient, pounded into a watery
bash, piled up beneath the hole.
From the port side twenty feet of the
vessel's bilge keel was torn and
twisted out of shape. This gives some
notion of the irresistible power of the
tides in the Golden Gate. . .
Xapa Insane Asylum Trus-[
tees Said to Have Decided
Before Bids Were Opened)
Th* w«d<l!nr cake boxes shown by Eflwart £
Ktiowles, 24 Second street, are very dainty. •
ALLEGES BOARD
WAS PARTIAL
A meeting of the striking freight
handlers was held yesterday for the
purpose °f coming to some final agree
ment. The gathering was dominated by
those who wished to accept the railroad
company's terms anfl return to work.
A number, however, were for continu
ing on strike, but were met with the
argument that without the help of the
teamsters and other workers employed
at freight moving their chances of
making their strike success were
dwindling. The question was put to a
vote, which resulted in a large major
ity deciding to go to work. However,
th* number stopped Just short of a two
thirds result, which was needed for a
decision under the rules, and the mat
ter will be acted upon at the next meet
ing.
Following the lead of E. A. Pierce of
the Nevada stables, W. E. Bridge of
the St. Lawrence stables, 423 Poet
street, will apply to-day for a writ of
temporary injunction to restrain the
SU.Wemen'6 Union from placing pickets
In front of his place of business. This
action will be followed by the rest of
the Bta-bles that have been placarded
a* "unfair" by the union, and the hear
ing of the original case July 1 for per
manent injunction will probably decide
cil euch cases.
The stable owners affirm that they
«re determined to conduct their estab
lishments on the open-shop plan, and
are preparing to form themselves into
an association for the purpose of main
taining this system. The Stablemen's
Union Is equally firm In its intention to
bring about the unionizing of the sta
bles. Its active members do not an
ticipate any adverse decision from the
courts next month.
"We are doing pretty well," said Sec
retary Meyer at the stablemen's head
quarters last evening, "if we can in
jure an unfair man's business $1000 a
month with our pickets, as some have
stated. We will therefore stand pat on
this line."
"We intend to run our own stables,'
raid E. G. Pierce of the Nevada, "and
those injunctions will be permanent
Just as soon as we can get them before
the courts."
The S. P. Railroad Freight
Handlers May Decide to
Call Their Strike Off
By reason of this contention the rail
roads say that none of the sums stated
by the delinquent list to be a lien and
charge against the premises are law
fully chargeable, and the Tax Collec
tor has no lawful authority to offer the
property for sale.
In asking for a preliminary Injunc
tion the raih-oads offer an undertak
ing . of $3000 to Indemnify the county
against the injunction.
In conclusion, the complaint states
that no such franchises as described in
the pretended assessment or any
franchises of any q(f the ferry systems
ever existed, but that each and all of
the ferries are adjunct and appendages
to and parts of routes of railroads op
erating in more than one county of this
State and that the franchises of said
railroads were, for the year. In which
said pretended assessment was made
in this county, duly assessed by the
State Board of Equalization - and the
taxes duly paid. . .
They set forth that Tax Collector
Smith published in the delinquent list
notices that taxes and penalties were
due on the properties as follows: On
block 43, $2167 36; on block 44, $16,248 20.
and on block 45, $5416 40, and unless
those amounts were paid b> June 23
the property would be sold.
It is stated in the complaint that the
assessments and taxes with the penal
ties against these properties for the
year aggregated $2167 36, set forth as
delinquent against the property. For
the same year the Assessor, it is said,
made a pretended assessment against
the Central Pacific Railroad Company
for the ferry system between the foot
of Market street and Oakland mole for
$750,000. the taxes amounting to $13,
539 75 and with the penalties, $16,248 20,
as set forth in the delinquent list: for
the same year the South Pacific Coast
Railway was assessed on ihe ferry
system between Market street and AJa
meda mole in the sum of $230,000, the
taxes amounting to $4513 and with the
costs and penalties $5416.40.
FRANCHISES DON'T EXIST.
In the complaint filed yesterday the
companies assert their ownership of
blocks 43. 44 and 45 of the South Beach
and Water Side survey, which, they
say, had been assessed to them by the
State Board of Equalization in March.
1903, and upon which they had paid
taxes.
The Southern Pacific and Central Pa
cific Railway companies yesterday aft
ernoon applied to the Superior Court
for an injunction to prevent Tax^ Col- !
lector E. J. Smith from selling certain j
of their real properties to-day at an
advertised delinquent tax sale. It is a i
renewal of the old contention ¦ of ,the j
railroad companies that their trans- :
bay franchises are assessed by the j
State . Board of Equalization and the :
taxes already paid thereon. ;
Assessor Washington Dodge, when •
questioned about the suit last night, i
expressed surprise that the application
for an Injunction should have been '
brought in the Superior Court. "It has i
been the habit," he said, "of. the for- j
eign corporations like the railroads, .-
Wells, Fargo & Co. and others that I ¦
could name, to bring their suits for in- j
Junction in the Federal court. They i
also have a way of starting 'tie i.mt J
a few hours before the sale in order 1
to hold up the disposition of their prop- f
erty for delinquent taxes, and by the j
time the tuit is heard the rale is over
and there is no provision in the law for
carrying the sale forward." j
AVIIAT COMPLAINT SAYS. i
Railroads Allege That {the
Trans-Bay Franchises Are
Covered by the State
FERRY SYSTEM'S VALUE
OWNERS FOR OPEN SHOP
Southern and Central Pa
cific Companies Object to
a Delinquent Tax Sale
WILL ENJOIN
THE PICKETS
All the City Stables Will
Apply for Restraining
Writs Against the Union
MAY RESTRAIN
TAX COLLECTOR
Rent in the Freighter's Bow Is, so Large That Cargo
in the Forward Compartment Is EmptiedThrough It.
The Drydock Is Strewn With Ruined Firecrackers
PROW OF THE ALGOA WILL NOT CUT
DEEP WATER AGAIN FOR MANY DAYS
THE .SAN '< FRANCISCO CALL- THURSDAY, JUNE 23; 1904
16
HAIJE'S. I .T.}?^~ -
To-DayHale's Continue Sale VVhite Waists, but
Silk Waists Come First
To-day ushers in an offer that will interest every woman
who is wanting a new dress waist, tt'/io 'wants it of silk, as pretty
as she can get it, who ivants to save money buying it.
- Economy the Keynote of the Occasion.
But it's the beauty and style and richness back of these prices that
makes the economy, that will bring Hale retailing out m a still stronger
light, for no woman when she sees the waists can fail to see how much
better they are than she will pay like prices for elsewhere.
No matter what color you want or what silk, they are here in Peau de
Soie, Louisine, Crepe de Chine, Taffeta. Spread out in a big way on the
second floor. All bright, new styles; $3.95, $4-35. $5-«> up to $7-5<>. tvery
price an under price. White, pink, blue, lavender, champagne; every
color, every size; some of the prettiest waists we have seen; certainly
the best values in many a day. No woman who wants anew waist will
miss seeing them. Every woman will want to be first. The prettiest are
always first to go. li
Writing Paper 10c Box 75c Voiles at 45c Yard
Not ordinary 10c paper by any Favorite summer fabric. 44 in.
means. Not only paper, but wide, in all the favorite colors,
. \ . L p. ;_ ,, r x.: tt > champagne, tan, brown, marine
envelopes to match. Plain white and £ fa a ice fof suc] ,
correspondence paper. Note a casonab i e stuff shovvs Hales
size. But it's the texture that drcss goo( ] s supremacy in a
makes the value. You will way that can't be misunder-
want more than one box at xoc stood. How prettily it will make
each to-day. "P. so soft and airy. 45c yard
Paper napkins. 30 for 5c— F!n« nual- instead of 75c.
•Sl&rfiSi^KthJK' them m $1.00 Pebble Suitings at 50c Yd.
Writing paper. 25c box — Berlin bond Just half price. It's good quality.
note paper and envelopes. 50 45 in. wide. It's that hard, rriap.
sheets 50 envelopes. 25c. yet light and cool summer stuff that
n ~ makes up so prettily. See the rans^
100 Visiting CardS ODC. of colors, tan. cadet, new Nue. re-
±\j\j vicJi.m., \^o.\kxj «-^v, da cardina j garnet, brown. m,v
We will print them from your r | ne> royal, navy and black. 50c in-
. plate if you will bring It to-day. stead of % 1.00 yard.
As well as can be done and instead .
of $1.00 pay S5c per 100. ZOO Pairs—Usual 2$C. '
75c Check Silk at 55c Yd Lace Mitts at 15c
Black and |ggg*| ™|j
effects Those dainty checks-very J£ rfe de _ n black and whjtp
pretty for shirt waist suits. 19 »n. Every sjze The very gIoves
wide. Special buying makes it 55c you wi jj want to wear with
instead of 75c yard. f. those short sleeved summer
¦ — waists; the very gloves you
25c Wash Goods at 19c «g SSliVdSf S&g
Fancy summer . goods, chev- hurry to get to other work,
iots, striped madras, woven ~~
dotted lawns, the very daint- .^JSJiLjffl^^ /W ,<gg*®&Z
yard instead of 25c. Short Jig
lines grouped together for a ~'"
quick sale to-day. Market Street, near Sixth.
jLDVEBTISEHENTS.
soap brings health
and the color of
health to many a
sallow skin: J
MUSIC
All the popular songs,
the very latest musical hits,
complete opera scores, etc.,
at very reasonable prices.
Sheet music sent out of town
on approval.
Open Saturday Night Till -io
Benj. ClirtaZ 8c Son,
Chickering Agency
16' O'Farrell St. S.'F.
Pianos, Musical Instruments.
We have sbown^nat It Is poevtble to do
the very best dentti work In tbe world at
moderate prices. All tbe work la palnlesi
and done by graduate dentists. No students.
Lady attendants. 10 years* maraote*.
Painless Fllvtr Fillings ...$ 25 up
Painless Gold Fillings 75 up
Painless Ooid Crown. 22k 8.SO up
Paicless Porcelain Crowns .... 3.50 up
Painless Bridge Work 3.60 up
Full Bet of Tcetb 2.00 up
Straples of work at entrance.
Hale Dental Co.
702 Market St., Cor. Kearny.
fi 1 *"^ **nt ~*8» "T^"Tfc ~^v "ifc ~n> '^fr-^'^fc'^ft B
3 visit DR. JORDAN'S «c«tJ
Shuseuh of anatomy^
0 O lUI]UXZX7IT.fctt.6iU7tk,l.r.0il.i
\ HT Th«LMnttAMUHBtcalMneailatk.\
O XVm '< 1 »¦>»«"' « m caametc4 a
• V&3I11&} <*!»«»« |Mi«lH»»l7rmr*<hf tka .Men T
Q fiS&i| bpeoaliit »s tkt C»i*. Ejtjtyun. Q
6 L^0t DR * JBKBAH-BISEAEES CF MEN $
\ VG^&f'a Cmw*\tu*m free and ttrictir prlnte. \
A I Y*W H TrMtmem pmnmmtU r T hf 1rtl«t. A Q
V B if « D FuU*M Ciir. in «»ny ca>« tudmaJiea. T
Ami U ft Wrt «« *<* Bo * k - »*KJi-«««r mv *ff A
v'l 1|T BAjaniASK. Ktuu rui. Uf
\ I }\ ntcsMt kMk tt »ro) \
9 DSL iOUVA.fi A. CO.. 10S1 Market St. 8. P. 9
\ CHOICE lots for sals la tbe Me- \:
1 Oee Tract, Berkeley- ne*r Xey «-
7 Route and 8. P. trains. ilio J%
s treasury stock in first-class I ac- ft
i tory enterprise, managed by re 11- ii
<> able, careful business men. V
it FACiriC COAST TBUST CO., «>
li Znvestment Bankers, 708 Market \Z
<X St. Boomi 604-5. it
P^ h? mJ Pi ESa ¦ 'n ' H
39 STOCKTON STREET.
Telephon* Main SX2.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square. 32}U
Usual high grade quality. Reg. 33c
RANCH EGGS, per dozen 25c
8trlctly fresh. 1W- S7H«
Santa Bcrbara Olive Oil. qts 70c. pts 40c
Re*. 8So and 80c. Phy«1clan» rtcom-
mend this particular brand.
SANTA CLARA PRUNES, per Ib 5c
California'* beat product. It??. 7%a
PARADISE SODA CRACICERS.perpkq 2Cc .
T*resb and crisp, of coura*. Rtg. 23c
EASTERN HAMS, per Ib f3}i c
Ideal Brand— the bett. R»«. 13o
FORCE. 2 pkgs for 25c
20th century breakfast food. Reg. ISe pks
FRENCH CASTILE SOAP, per bar. 25c
Genuine Vlrcin Brand. Re». 30«
SAPOLIO. 4 cakes for \ . . .25c
« A labor saver for kitchen. Res. 8 far 25a
SAGO AND TAPIOCA, 6 lbs tor.. . .25c
Reg. 4 for 23c
EVAPORATED APPLES, 4 lbs for 25c
Select Watsonvt!!-. fruit. Re*. 8 for 23o
TELESCOPE BASKETS— 15 per cent
discount on all sizes.
FINE OLD RYE. full quarts per bot...80c
A liquor tar consolaslears. Re*. $1.23
OLD TOM GIN, per bot 75<r
Rev. IX.0O
Bottled by Gordon A Co., London.
Chicken Cock Bourbon, oerbot 75c. cat S3
Re*. $1.00 and 14.00
The well known Kentucky whisky.
FAMILY BOURBON. . .bot 60c. gal S2.50
Reg. 73 e and 11.M
Exceptional t*1u» for the* money.
Wilson and Marque tie Rye. per flask.. 20c
* . . Res. SSo
Convenient for the ranch basket.
RIESLING, per gal 40c
A rara old table win*. Rey. BOo
aMMaaallia>a>a __ a a_ aa _J i
ON ACCOUNT OF DEPARTURE.
Auction
Of Antique Cbok*
Persian Rugs
TO-DAY, Jnne 23
DAILY THIS WEEK at 2:30 P. M.
I will effer my entire rtoek of most beau-
tiful, rare Antique Perslaa Rugs at bona-
flde auction to realize cash for my annual
collecting trip.
MIHRAN'S
205 Post Street
Tired babies become rested
babies ¦when fed on Mellin's
Food. Mellin's Food nour-
ishes.
Yog will be glad that you sent for a aampW
of Mellin's Food when you see how eagerly
baby takes it.
MELUN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
niif f a f*lll"n Prompt relief. Caase remove*.
MfiT nfcll tR Symptomn n#»or return A coca-
¦••• ¦ ¦ ¦" ¦ "•• pletit snd p»rm»r.*a t eonstita-
AMQ ACTUIIIl tional CURE . B—t «* fr««.
*" D Ad I nlfi A Write at oaee for It, to
P. HAROLD HAYES, Buffalo, N. Y.
; ADVEBTISEMENT& • '_-__;____
II This sale has assumed proportions greater than even we hoped for. We have had to dou-
y ble our force of salesmen in two days. But the reason is simple: the bargains are here. We guar-
g antee that you will save from one-fourth to* one-third in furnishing your home and we will hold
B the goods for you for three months, j Here are a few samples in parlor goods price :
B $30.00 MASSIVE MAHOOAKT TVS- «fiB55S=S»s« $l6 PARLOR CHAIR— -^
H I^Uf^S^,— JK\ Witn heavy legs, broad .Jg^gl^^gg^---^ ¦ ¦ Mahogany finished, piano ||^^Ofl
li l|j/^5§fe^^^j fi ano1 back 7 and carved |tfyry^^*V polish, upholstered seat /&83BS&&B
I „ TT , I |d^^j| . ' $1 - c M ALL ARM 1^^^^ $12 UPHOLSTERED
I cikW 1^ (gsmm %£%&£«&; £¦. HBIIk^^"^^
ls%fi£^ss f^rfj ?c,s r m i r. $8.75 nrf^^xxJg-!*
B covered in > Nile JJ ciR \ n ; I $18 Mahogany fin- tlO fn .¦II -.—Mahogany -finish ;:cov-
1 gsr'* $6.25 f.-n.wj 1 • ;¦ ; ¦¦ l-.gw; :>.^~^^7jS0
|| A* these aU ara chairs from broken sets, and as our bargains are belnr earerly. seized, we cannot guarantee to
5 give you the very cbalrs advertised unless yon are the earliest to come, BUT WE'CAH OTTAXAXTTEE THAT TOU1& .
g riND SCORES Or BABOAINS IN THE SAME KIND OF CHAIRS EQTJAIiEY AS GBEAT AOTP QREATEB.
I "THE CREDIT HOUSE"^ 233^235-237 POST ST.
I Biggest jF^urnitupcHouse on the Pacific Coast/I